HISTORIC MEETING PLACE OF THE LOWER BRANCH OF HAWAII'S
LEGISLATURE AND MEN WHO FIGURE PROMINENTLY IN THE
AFFAIRS OF THE NEW ISLAND TERRITORY.
Marseilles Strike Disastrous.
MARSEILLES, March 7.— The disas
trous effects of the strike are shown in
the notable decrease of customs receipts,
which have fallen away to 1300 francs per
day. They range ordinarily from 80,000 to
290,000 francs. - ' ¦
Proposes to Go to Brussels and Inter
vene in the Deroulede-Buffet
Affair.
BRUSSELS, March 7.— The Naples cor
respondent cf La Reforma cays that the
Duke of Orleans, moved by the insult*
offered to the Royalist party, intends to
repair to Brussels with a view of Inter
vening ia the conflict provoked byTthe
DtrcuJede-BufTet affair.
INSULTS TOO HEAVY
FOR DUKE OF ORLEANS
LONDON,' March 8.— "The Mohamme
dans .In - Mongolia; are . trying to i foment
an insurrection' among the Mohammedans
of theSIberIah>teppes,'"says the Odessa
correspondent of the Dally Express,. "and
the Russian Government « has ordered ; at
least two soldiers billeted In every family
throughout';,' Eastern- Siberia, who -shall
act as menials ; and be ready to . assemble
at any moment' to suppress a rising-"
Soldiers Billeted in Families Through
. out Eastern Siberia to Prevent a ,
, Possible Insurrection. -
RUSSIANS IN FEAR
OF THE MOHAMMEDANS
LONDON,' March 8.— =The Vienna corre
spondent of the Dally Express says: Sev
eral Hungarian j villages have been ; Iso
lated by . the floods. -All along the banks
of the Danube arid its tributaries great
damage has been done. The lower quar
ter of Budapest is flooded to a depth of
five feet.
The bitter cold Is driving wolves from
the Carpathian Mountains to the. villages
below. They; have killed twelve people
during the la'st^ four weeks.
Portion of Budapest Is Under Water
and Damage Is Done Along
the Danubs.
VILLAGES IN HUNGARY
ISOLATED BY FLOODS
uneasiness Is felt here over the" fact that
the ' steamer Numtdian. wi th ; the ¦ Strath
cona"Horse,'; returning from [ South 'Af
rica, -has, not been 'reported.' The: Nu
midlan is five days overdue.*' ' .
- - . - ¦"¦. f :\-.. :
Uneasiness Felt for the Vessel That
y " Is C'cnvfiying the Str.\thcocu
Horse to Canada.
MONTREAL.** . March - 7.— Considerable
STEAMER NUMIDI AN J/;
¦FIVE I DAYS OVERDUE
CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, March 7.— A
syndicate of American - capitalists has
just closed a deal for the .purchase of
GOO.000 acres of timber land In Sierra
Madras, a short distance south" of Casas
Grandes, State of Chihuahua. The amount
Involved in the deal Is $2,500,000 in gold.
The syndicate Is composed of H. S.
Smith of i San Francisco,' Cal.; Robert
Fullerton and W. »W. 'Flnkblne of Des
Alolnes, Iowa; Fred M. Stephenson and
Shaw Kennedy of and John
McComb of the City ; of ; Mexico. Mr.
Kennedy says there. is enough timber on
the land to. keep five at the largest saw
mills continuously busy for ¦ thirty years.
Half a Million Acres of Timber Tract
Purchased in the State of
.- Chihuahua.
AMERICAN SYNDICATE ' ' ',
BUYS MEXICAN LAND
When asked If the patient was suffer
ing from any complications of his disease
and particularly as to bronchial affection
Dr. : Jameson; who was with General Har
rison for. more than an hour this evening,
refused to . answer.
;. Mr. - Harrison took , a • severe cold m ve
than; a week ago and'placed himself, un
der the care of a physician. The ailment
did not yield readily to treatment and he
has been 'confined; to his home since. In
stead''Of ! Improving, he has grown worse
within the last three days, suffering from
a .pronounced case of- the grip, and has
been compelled to : take to his bed.
CHICAGO, March 7.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Indianapolis, Ind.,
says: General Benjamin Harrison Is very
sick at his residence on North Delaware
street, but It is Impossible to learn his
true condition, as his physician refuses to
discuss his case without permission from
the family, and this was refused by Mrs.
Harrison this evening. She said that the
general is suffering from the grip, but
that his condition was not considered
alarming. .. .' - t
Ex-President's Physician Refuses tc
Discuss Nature of His
Ailment.
GENERAL HARRISON
SUFFERING I ROM GRIP
Charles Sprague. a Multi-Millionalre,
Leaves the". National Capital
' for an Insane Asylum. .
BOSTON. March 8.— The Post says:
Charles E. Sprague. the multi-millionaire
and ex-Congressman, representing tlw
Eleventh Massachusetts District. Is an In
mate of McLean Insane HosDltal at Wa
ver ley. Ills term In Congress expired last
Monday, and he .was driven to the asyluri
at dusk . on Wednesday, accompanied by
his valet and a hospital attendant*
West Indian Possessions Must in No
* Event Be Given Over to a
Foreign Power.
LONDON". March 8.— The United States
Government has addressed a note to the
Danish Government, almost threatening In
tone, says the Copenhagen correspondent
of the Dally Mail, to the effect that it
would not permit any transfer of the
Danish West Indies to any foreign power
and that In the event of Denmark refus
ing to sell the United States will require
that island and maritime neutrality shall
be properly guaranteed and the United
States sphere of influence be respected.
IORMER CONGRESSMAN
•TAKEN TO AN ASYLUM
TJNCLE SAM WARNS
DANISH GOVERNMENT
ley resolution by a vote of 20 to 9, the 9
being all the Republicans in the House.
will Invalidate all proceedings- and, this
matter. will come before the courts when
is understood that some of the Represent
atives have some radical changes to pro
pose In the management cf the settlement.
A municipal government by the leper.?
themselves will probably be substituted
for the present management of affairs by
a superintendent under the Board of
Health. Another char.ge that may b»
made Is that of rescinding: the rule that
no visitors shall go except on permit*
from the Board of Heulth. It is proposed
to allow visitors to so at any time, but
to provide a reservation in which the vis
itors and lepers may meet and converse,
but in which they wlii be separated by
screens so that there car. be no contact.
To Investigate Lepers.
The members of the House of Repre
sentatives will start ior Molokal this even
ing to Investigate the ieper settlement. It
some laws have been passed. Chief Jus
tice Frear and Governor Dole, who wero
members of the commission that adopted
the : rule In question, Jiave expressed the
opinion that It was intended to provide
that no language but English should be
spoken. Independents claim that it means
that laws and resolutions, etc.. shall be
In English. Every measure and every
speech is being given in both English and
Hawaiian. V«V : ;
going up to the Capitol to see Mr. Roose
velt." "- : - ¦-_ '
"WASHINGTON, March 7. — Captain
Btreeter, famed in Chicago because of his
lake front fights with the authorities,
•wants to enter Congress as a delegate
from the "Territory of Lake Michigan."
He went to the Interior Department and
•wanted Chief Clerk Dawson to swear him
Jn, but the chief clerk told him that he
had no authority over such matters and
advised the captain to visit the Capitol.
Captain Etreetcr said he brought the
electoral vote, of the "Territory of Lake
Michigan" with him and he wanted it re
corded. Failing to get satisfaction at the
department he started toward the Capi
tol, say5r.gr "It's true that I am a duly
elected delegate for a term of four years
from the new Territory of Lake Michigan,
oast of Chicago, range 2. township 47. A
territorial form of government was es
tablished there four years ago. We nave
a. Territory covering S00 acrfts and we
have 127 voters. Neither the general Gov
ernment nor the State of Michigan has
any control over this territory, and we
organized a civil government there. The
voters have elected me to represent them
for four years, and I am here to do it. I
can't get any satisfaction In this depart
ment, but then I don't know much about
these things here. If It were anything
else I would know more about it: I am
Chicago Man Goes to Washington to
Represent the So-Called "Ter
ritory of Lake Michigan."
CAPTAIN STREETER WANTS
NATION'S RECOGNITION
tions of the Law.
COLUMBIA. S. C. March 7.— This Grand
Jury of Anderson County made its report
to Judge Nutt to-day and declared that
a practical enslavement of negroes has
l)bcn conducted in that county. The
presentment was prepared by a special
commission, which visited the convict
camp in Anderson County, and, it is
alleged, found confined there negroes
guiltless of any felony, but undergoing
a term of servitude under voluntary con
tracts which they had signed In partial
Ignorance. The charge of false Imprison
ment was made against J. S. Fowler, P.
D. Allen and W. Q. Hammond, three of
the largest planters and most Influential
men In Anderson County! The Grand
Jury declared _tbat »three men who cm
ploy convicts from the State, were .also"
keeping confined in their etockadea ne
groes who for some petty cause had been
bent there. nltUougn comictsd by no
officer ef the law.
South Carolina Grand Jury Makes a
Startling Report Upon Viola-
ENSLAVED NEGROES
IN CONVICT CAMP
spector "W. T. Sullivan of Denver has just
turned a clever trick. He placed Ernest
J. Walter, a Schuyler. Nebr., merchant,
in jail in Omaha to-day for attempting
to blackmail Senator Thomas Kearns of
Utah out of $5000. He used the mails in
the endeavor and his bad penmanship
brought him to grief. Walter also wrote
a threatening letter to the Senator's wife
demanding $2000. and stated that if he did
not get it he would kill the children.
Senator Kearns put the letters in the
hands of Inspector Sullivan, who went to
Sohuyler and got his man. Some years
ago Walter lived in Salt Lake City and
there became acquainted with the fact
that Kearns had money and a very
charming family. Walter was a mer
chant, but led a rather fast life. In
Schuyler he runs the Cash Store and
stands well In the community. He hails
from Wisconsin originally ard sprang
from a good family. The letter he wrote
to the Senator reads as" follows:
SALT LAKE CITT, Feb. 19.— Mr. Thomas
KrarriF: Permit me to be the first to con
cratulate you on your new honors. You are
new hapry In your fortunes, in your family
end in your wife; you have a sufficiency of
VtlM worM"s goods and to spare. But how
did you get your start in life? Dead men tell
no tales. I v.ant JoOOO. and I must have It
right away. I have nothing to live for. If
I do not get It I would as soon din with you
as In any ether way. I want JjOOO. Now. If
sou have any love for your family or any re
spect for yourself you will send me the money.
Get Borne magazines a»l place the bills be
tween the leaves and address the package
to box 4E4. Schuyler. Xeb. I will run down
to Schuyler and get the money and your fam
ily will remain undisturbed. If it is not there
I will come to Salt Lake and you will rufTer
the consequences. M. D. COX.
Walter says he is innocent of the
charge, and that a traveling man has put
him in a false light.
Ernest J. Walter, a Nebraska Mer
chant, Demands Money Frcm
Thomas Kearns.
OMAHA, Xebr., March 7.— Postoffice In-
JAILED TOB ATTEMPTING
TO BLACKMAIL A SENATOR
LONDON", March S.— Whatever negotia
tions are proceeding In Pretoria— and
Mr. Krujrer declares they can only be for
»n armistice — the Government cvldently
fca«5 no intention of slackening reinforce
ment?. The War Office issued a detailed
statement last evening of transports that
are to «?ail for South Africa within the
enming week with 12,000 troops.
The casualty list reveals the fact that
two officers were killod at Llchtenburg
March. Lord Kitchener's telegram, "Am
pending reinforcements" was dated
March 6. Evidently, therefore, the fighting
continued for some days and further ad
vices are awaited with anxiety.
According to the Daily Mail's dispatches
General Dewrt and Steyn have separated,
the former being: at Petrusburg, west of
Bloemfontcin. and the latter at Smith
. field.
Sending Reinforcements.
Here Is the latest report from Kitchener
that causes aome uneasiness in London:
"PRETORIA. March 6.-Lichtenburg is
being attacked by Dclarey's forces; fight
jr.g continued ail day long. The garrison
consists of 200 yeomanry and 300
Northumberland Fusileers. with -two
;runs. Major Fletcher and Lieutenant
Hull art- reported killed. I am sending
reinforcements."
The progress of the bubonic plague
causes deep anxiety and apprehension In
«'ape Town. The Cape Government has
. decided to remove the people from one-,
third of the city and to cleanse it. Every
precaution will be taken should the dis
ease spread tr> the troops.
The Amsterdam correspondent of the
Daily Mail pays Mr. Kruger Is informed
tha» F. W. Reitz. former Stat* Secretary
Of th» Transvaal, is suffering from abber- i
ration of mind.
The Times understands that the re- '
ir.alnder of the war loan will be issued in
consols, the Government having already
issued as much in short term loans and
bonds as it is likely to obtain from the
proceeds of a Transvaal loan.
Pearston Is Reoccupied.
A Cape Town special says: It is offi
cially announced that Colonel Goring re
occupied Pearston. on the great Riet
River. March 5. He says the town should
have bf^n impregnable to the Boers, but
the town guard offered inadequate resist
ance and the Boers captured the place,
together with sixty rifles, fifteen men and
10.000 rounds of ammunition.
Ixird Roberts, presiding yesterday at a
meeting of the army Temperance Society,
contrasted the moderation of the British
soldiers in South Africa with previous
campaigns. He said that It was true they
had not many opportunities to drink, hut
at BioemfontHn, Johannesburg and Pre
toria, where they did have such oppor
tunities, they were remarkably well be
haved and he never had heard a single
complair.t of a soldier being rude or im
properly behaved toward Boer women.
The latter and their children fearlessly
went urwm the streets, and the children
constantly played and talked with the
British Foldi-rs.
Fighting Continues -Some
Days and Two English
Officers Are Slain.
Kitchener Hurrying
Reinforcements to
Lictitentorg.
BOERS AGAIN
ATTACKING A
BRITISH POST
.The story Is told with ( a minuteness of
detail and great plausibility. The nar
rator says he is going to file mining
claims on the property and that when his
brother arrives they will go in and make
further examinations. . •
There were vessels of different kinds,
all of metal, and a number of tools. Seven
hammers, weighing twelve", to fifteen
pounds each, with metal handles, and a
great many chisels were among the dis
coveries. The cave is very rich with splen
did white gold quartz and there is much
copper.'
The woman is described as having re
markably long hair. From one ear hung
a heavy pendant of gqld. Near the bodies
were the dismembered skeletons of two
children, and there were numerous bones
throughout other parts of the cave. ""'
Skeletons of Children.
The chamber seemed dry, but was very
cold and there was much ice inside. On a
huge slab side by side were two hugo
human figures, those of a woman meas
uring more than seven feet In length and
a man seven feet and ten Inches long.
Both bodies were frozen solidly and in a
perfect state of preservation. The man,
had a black beard and long dark hair,
and on his left wrist was a gold band an
inch and a half wide and a quarter of an
inch thick. On the band were engraved
an antelope and a number of characters.
Another passage from the main boule
vard led the explorer to a flight of stone
steps leading down a distance of sixty
feet. ' At the bottom was a passageway
ten feet or more wide. Along this were
several Eealed vaults. One of the vaults
had a small lid resting loosely against
the main slab which Inclosed It. The ex
plorer removed It and entered.
In this same passage was a well about
thirty feet deep and a circular stairway
leads to the bottom. After devious wind
ings around the bottom of the well an
immense underground lake was discov
ered, and at the very entrance a canoe,
apparently of" cedar, but petrified and
chained to the wall by a heavy metal sta
ple. The chain was five- feet long, mado
of metal swivels woven together. The
bank of the lake was explored a mile and
a half one way and a little more than that
distance the other, but its extent could
not be determined.
Large Underground Lake.
Forest says he left Chicago a year ago
last February and came West to prospect.
He went to Alaska and also made a thor
ough Investigation of the St. Helens dis
trict, in Lewis County. Last August he
started for the mountains with a. good
outfit, intending to remain there ail win
ter. He believed the great mother lode
of the Pacific slope lay farther north than
St. Helens, and so went to Mount Rainier.
He prospected about the base of the
mountain for some time, and at last
reached a point about 7500 feet above sea
level. The formation was of rough gran
ite covered with a crust of ( lava, which
was hard to penetrate. He at length dis
covered an opening which showed .evi
dences of human handiwork, as It at. one
time evidently had been covered with a
large flat rock.
Forest narrates with much detail his
discovery and subsequent explorations.
He unpacked his horses, on September 4
and sent them down the side of the moun
tain, and from that time until a few
days ago, he says, he has lived in the
cave and conducted his explorations.
The cave Is described as about twelve
feet In height and from eight to fifty or
sixty feet in width. The walls have been
polished and are covered by many hiero
glyphics and figures made by human
hands. The main passage was explored
for a distance of five miles. Passages led
off in many directions from the main
cave. One of these contained boiling
water and in others huge blocks of Ice
were found. In one place there was ,a hot
spring and a sulphur spring, with^a cold
spring between them. Two tubs had been
cut into the stone near these springs.
Sought the Mother Lode.
If his story S<s true— and there is as yet
no evidence to contradict it — he has dis
covered a mine of vast wealth and a cave
that will rival the famous Mammoth Cave
of Kentucky. His find will also set the
archaeologists wild with curiosity.
SEATTLE, March 7.— Remarkable In the
extreme — so extraordinary that not all of
those who have heard of it can bring
themselves to regard it seriously— is a tale
of discovery that came from the town of
Chehalis to-day. It is told by II. F. For
est, who claims to be a prospector. He
arrived in Chehalis yesterday and says his
home Is in Chicago. He is an educated
man and declares that he is not trying to
form a stock company or to borrow
money, but intends to wait In Chehalis a
couple of weeks until he can be joined by
his brother, when he expects to return to
the scene of his remarkable find, on the
south side of Mount Rainier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
iltiillolUllO lilall.
Claims He Has Discovered a
Cavern Where Dwelt
Miner's WeM Tale
ol Frozen Giants
and Gold. ,
FINDS CAVE
OF WONDERS
IN RAINIER
Recognition of the rights of the French
company, which will sell Its concession
with Colombia's consent to the United
In return for such lease Colombia to re
ceive either a percentage of the" tax on
tonnage passing- through the canal or a
lump compensation.
Lease for a term of years, as long as
the United States may desire, not exceed
ing 3X) years, of territory across which the
Panama canal Is being constructed.
None { of the officials of the State De
partment will Etate the character of the
proposals submitted by Minister Sllva.
The Minister also declines to discuss
them. It is understood, howevet that
these are the essential points which the
Colombian Government will urge:
Character of Proposals.
Senor Silva. the Colombian Minister to
the United States, has already formally
submitted proposals to Secretary Hay for
the acquisition of the Panama canal by
this Government and has been invited to
further discuss Aem. Preliminary proto
cols were entered into some time ago with
Costa Rica and Nicaragua, so that these
two countries will during the summer
probably be merely Interested spectators
oT .the moves which the United States,
Great Britain and Colombia will make 'oh
the canal chessboard.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.i WASHINGTON. March 7.— When
Coiipress next assembles all diplomatic
obstacles in the way of the construction
at an isthmian canal will have been re
moved. Negotiations to this end will Im
mediately I>eg1n with Great Britain and
with the United States of Colombia. Sec
retary Hay has received advices that "Lord
Pauncefote will .submit proposals for a re
vival of the Hay-Pa uncefote treaty and
to harmonize the points of difference be
tween the United States Senate and the
British Government.
Er«'ial Dispatch to The Call,
UnitM States Will Begin
Negotiations With Great
Britain ana Colombia.
Diplomatic Obstacles
Are Expected to
Disapar.
PAVINC WAY
FOR A CANAL
OVER ISTHMUS
FIRST LEGISLATURE OF THE NEW TERRITORY
OF HAWAII BEGINS ITS WORK WITH MIXED
MEMBERSHIP AND A BABEL AS AT BABYLON
Secretary Cooper Attempts to Record the Proceedings for Transmission to
Washington, but Objection Is Made and -He Is Put Out by the Sergeant-at-
Arms— English and Hawaiian Both Spoken and May Cause Complications
Cooper addressed the chair,, stating that
he would refusg. to 'leave except under es
cort of the sergeant at arms, and that
officer was duly ordered to remove the
Secretary of the Territory. The action of
the legislators created a great sensation
and Is the subject of much comment, opin
ions differing. It is thought by many that
he should have asked permission to oc
cupy a place on- the floor and not have
taken It as a right. On the "other hand,
scme^ofthe Independents hold that the
Secretary had no right to attempt to make
for transmission to". Washington any re
port of the proceedings not approved by
tho House itself. It /is undfrstood that
Cooper has sentHo Washington for a rul
ing as to the meaning of the instructions
given him to send a record.
< J. A. Atkins: (Ind.), ;a half Hawaiian,
half Chinese, member from, the Island of
Kaual, has been made Speaker, of the
House and Dr. ; Nicholas Russell' of Ha
waii president of the Senate., Russell i3
a white -man. The, Sfnate has not yet
completed organization, though it met
eight days ago, the time having been oc
cupied in disputes over rules. The Inde
pendents Insisted upon and finally adopted
a ten-minute debate rule. The House ha-j
already begun Work" on bills."
Speeches in Two Languages.
The question of languages is another
source of trouble. The organic act says
that all proceedings of the Legislature
shall be conducted In the English lan
guage. Half of the members cannot
speak English and Hawaiian interpreters
have been employed in both houses. It
is tho opinion of some lawyers that this
HONOLULU, March .l.'-^.The first
Legislature of the newest of the
Territories of the' United States
convened at noon- on the 20th
ult. The sessions of the law
makers were held In the palace, of the an
cient rulers of the Hawaiian Is'onds. The
House of Representatives assembled in
the throne room of the defunct dynasty,
while the Senate occupied makeshift quar
ters In the upper corridor of the' building.
The; upper house is composed of fifteen
members, five. of them belng'whito and
the restmore or less of native blood. Sen
ator William C. Achi, from Oatui, is partly
Chinese. The . lower house has thirty
members, and In it there are but seven
whites. Apukai Akina of Kaual is a half
blood Chinese.
Proposed Legislation.
"With both houses in control of the In
dependent Home Rule party- and contain-.'
ing a majority of native Ilawaiians, thcT
Legislature has already been the, scene of •
seme remarkable proceeding-si and the end
of the sessions promises to sec many very
radical measures adopted, among those to
which the controlling party, is committed
being 1 a liquor dispensary law, "a taxation
system that will be a combination <of sin
gle tax and the income tax doctrines, an
election law based on proportional repre
sentation, application of city and county
government In place of the' present dis
trict system, reorganization of the gov
err.ment. of the leper settlement on Molo
kal and a law excluding from the terri
tory all persons who may arrive here af
flicted with consumption or leprosy.
Objection to Cooper.
On the third day of the session Secre
tary of the Territory Cooper was uncere
moniously ordered out of tho House and
escorted out by the sergeant at arms.
Acting- under the section of the Territo
rial act which provides that he shall "re
cord and preserve the laws and proceed
ings of the legislature," Secretary Cooper
took up a place on the floor of the House,
with a stenographer, to secure a record
of the proceedings. On the second day of
the meeting attention was called to his
presence, and Representative Beckley
(Ind.) of Molokal offered a resolution re
questing hiir^to leay*. ..The resolution **t,
forth that his presence on the floor was a
violation of the rule that the three'de
partments of government— judicial, execu-j
tlve and legislative— must be, kept separ
ate, and it was urged In debate that Gov
ernor Dole had put Cooper where he was
with a. view of intimidating members by
letting them see that the executive -officer
was taking a stenographic report of their
proceedings.
Cooper was declared by Republicans to
be present as a representative of Presi
dent McKlnley, as he had been ordered to
transmit a report to Washington, but even
this plea did not deter the Independents.
After long debate, they passed the Beck
»
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH S, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 98.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.UNITED STATES SENATOR MORGAN OF ALABAMA, WHO ATTACKED
GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE TOWARD THE NICARAGUA CANAL,
AND URGES ABROGATION OF THE CLAYTON'-BULWER TREATY.
"It Is our duty," Insisted Morgan, "to
declare that this treaty is not in the wav
of our legislating for the Nicaragua canaf.
If we hesitate to-day it will be the same
a year hence, and the provisions of that
treaty will be fastened upon us." ¦
Morgan urged that his resolution be
adopted in order that the President might
understand the position of the Senate" so
thoroughly that he would feel justified In
proceeding along lines looking to the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal while
Congress was In Its long recess.
At the conclusion of Morgan's speech
the Senate, without taking any action
upon the resolution, on motion of Lodge
of Massachusetts at 12:10 went into ex
ecutive session, and at 1:50 adjourned.
eminent were a distinct violation of the
Clayton-Bulwar treaty. It was equally
evident that the United States must aban
don its plighted faith with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica in order that the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty might be fastened perma
nently upon this Government and hang
like a pall over It, or take such a stand
as will sustain the President in hla "pa
triotic and noble action."
The protocols entered into expressed the
defiance by the President of the Clayton-
Bulwer. treaty and his disregard of Its
provisions. They undertook to place the
Government on the high ground that the
Claytoh-Bulwer treaty is abrogated by
this Government.
A Month's Test \ Free.
Jf you haye Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop, Racine,
Wl«.,box 1*7. for %\x bottles Dr.Rhoop'o RMfor,*-
Uvs; Exp.patd. fc'end no money. Fa} $3.50 if cu r M»
LONDON, March 7.— The Rlgh^ Rev. I.
E.\W. Ingram. Suffragan of Stepney, has
been appointed Bishop of London In suc
cession to the Right Rev. Mandell Crelgh
ton, who died January 14. /"'*..
New Bishop of London.
MINNEAPOLIS. March 7.-De«pondent
over his recent'dlscharge from the/Duiuth
diocese, the Rev.* Francis Budzyoski, *
Roman Catholic priest, shot fymself In tho
heart lira. local', hotel 'and; died before aid
could reach. him. He had on' his person a
letter .from '. Bishop , McGoldrlck. dispens
ing .with his services. Two other lettera
were found; one addressed to his brother
In Elmira. N. Y., and the other to a wait
ress in a local restaurant.
Francis Budzyoski Shoots Him
self in the Heart.
During Fit of .Despondency the Rev.
DISMISSED PRIEST"
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
PARIS, March 7.-The Chamber of
Deputies to-day adopted article 12 of the
law of associations after 'rejecting by a
vote of 472 to 90 an amendment proposed
by M. Vaillant (Socialist) adding th-j
word "religious" to associations, with tltfl
object of not hindering the spread of la
bor associations. The Premier.- M. Wal
deck Rousseau, pointed out that the law
must deal with all 'associations in- order
to place the Government in a position 1?
protect national security.
PropoBpri Amendment Introducing
the Word "Religious" Is Reject
ed by Chamber of Deputies.'
FRANCE ADOPTS LAW V$jh
FOR ASSOCIATIONS
HONOLULU. March 1.— The German
pteamcr Eva: Captain C' Peterson, hag
put in here for. coal on' the way from San
Francisco to Yokohama, havinp -been
driven out of her course and««verelv used
by a hurricane after phe left the Pacific
Coa*t. She was bo delayed that she had
not coal to last her to Yokohama. .
' 9 —
'Steamer Eva in a Hurricane.
Mr. Yznasa was a number of the rich
Cuban family, one of the members of
which married the late Duke of Manches
ter and is the mother of the present Duk*
He married for IiU first wife Miss Marv
Virginia Smith; sister of Mrs. O H. P
Belmont. She obtained a divorce from
Mr. Yznaga in California and married
George K. Tiffany. A rew years aco Mr.
Yznapa married Mls3 Mab:l Wright. In
1S95 she obtained a divorce from Mr
Yznasa and married Ccunt Belazichy of
Hungary. Mr. Yznaga was 48 years of
atre. He was n member of the. Stock Ex
charge Fome time ago but not during re
cent years. He spetii much time abroad
and only recently returned from Cuba,:
NEW YORK. March 7.— Fernando Yzna
ga, widely known In commercial and club
circles, died to-day «n Mlnturn Hospital
of diphtheria after being 111 but a few
days. He was a member of the bankln?
firm of H. B. Hollina at Co. r.ud his resi
dence was at Tuxedo. ICY.
Relative of Dowager Duchess of Man
chester and a Prominent New
Yorker Passes- Away. ' >
TERNANDO YZNAGA DEAD.
Poet and Actress to Marry.
STOCKHOLM, March 7.— August String
deburp. the poet, ond Harriet Bosse, the
actress, are engaged: to be married.
AMSTERDAM, March 7.— Queen Wll
helmlna and Prince Henry have received
deputations bearing wedding: gifts. The
nation's gift consisted of a diadem, a
necklace and two bracelets of diamonds
and sapphires. .Other presents consisted
of silver and chini services; The railways
furnished a complete royal train.
Gifts for Holland's Queen.
UTI£A. N. Y.. March 7.— Word has been
received at Watervllle. the home of
Charlemagne Tower, United. States Em
bassador to St. Petersburg, that he is to
be transferred to the United States em
bassy at Paris. -It isjsaid that General
Horace Porter, the present Embassador to
Paris, desires to retire, and that the cli
mate of St. Petersburg does not agree
with Mr. Tower's health, hence the
change. ' '
Tower to Succeed Porter.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— Secretary
Long to-day made a distribution by nama
among shipbuilders of the vessels recent
ly contracted for. Of the battleships New
port News gets No. 13. the Virginia: Mo
ran Brothers of SeatMe No. 14. the Ne
braska; the Bath Iron Works No. 15,
the Georgia: Fore River Works Nos. 16
and 17, respectively, the New Jersey anj
Hhode Island.
Of the armored cruisers Nos. 4 and 7
the Pennsylvania and Colorado, go to the
Cramps: Nos. 5 and 8, the 'West Virginia
and Maryland, to Newport News: No 6
'and No. 9 the California and South Da
kotn, to the Union Ironworks.
Of the protected 'cruisers No. 21 'he
Milwaukee, goes to Nearie & Levy and
No. 22. the Charleston, to Newport News
Protected cruiser No. 20. the St. Louis'
was to haVe KOne to tho Bath Iron Works'
but that. corporation having declined th.i
contract the Navy Department to-day
Issued a circular calling for new pro
posals for constructins this cruiser
The bids are to be ooened at noon on
April 4 next and the department will sup
ply information cs to changes that may
be made in -the original specifications to
make them conform to those required in
the case of the two protected" cruisers let
to Newport News and Neafle & Levy
the South Dakota.
i struct That Warship and Also
Union Iron Works Will Soon Con-
CRUISER CALIFORNIA
TO BE BUILT HERE
Several Ineffectual attempts were then
made to adjourn the debate. Balfour ap
pealed to the House to arrive at a decis
ion before adjournment and the debata
went' on. Balfour then moved. a closure
ln= a motion for adjournment... but tho
motion was rejected and debate ¦ was re
sumed. .
Under closure an amendment by La
bouchero to make the term of the susDen
slon two months was rejected by a jroie
Of 224 to 07. . '
Balfour moved that the main question
be put. This was followed by cheers and
UDroar, mingled with Irish cries of "Gag."
The Speaker then read the new rule and
the . House divided.' It was adapted by -\
vote of 264 to 51. The House then ad-
Journed.. ± . .-
LONDON. March 7.— In antldoatlon of
a lively debate and exciting scenes aris
ing from the suspension of the Irish Na
tionalists and Balfour's punishment pro
posals there was a great attendance in the
House of Commons to-day. The visitors*
galleries were filled, many peers and ladles
being among those present. Though no
extra policemen were visible a large force
of police was within reach.
Speaker Gully announced that he had
received a letter -rom Jordan to the ef
fect that he had not defied the author'.tv
of tho chair and on motion of Dillon Jor
dan's name was removed from the list of
suspended members.
Balfour then moved his amendment for
the suspension of recalcitrant members
for the session. In supporting the motion
Balfour said it was necessary to provide
adequate summary punishment for such
physical resistance to the Speaker's or
ders as occurred Tuesday. He trusted th«
House would aeree unanimously to the
amendment. The House ought not to re
main helpless against a member who had
committed such an aggravated crlmo
against the House, an oftenae th« danger
and reality of which had been so pain
fully brought before them.
Disorder is Condemned.
ft Sir Henry Campbcll-Bannerman alluded
to the grossly, disorderly conduct of cer
tain members and s#Jd he had not a word
of excuse to say In their Justification or
palliation, but he suggested a modifica
tion of Balfour's amendment.
¦ John Redmond said what had occurred
was an ebullition of fesllng and against
an unjust closure. Ho denied premedita
tion and said the moral responsibility for
what had occurred wa« wholly on Bal-'
four, whose proposal was extravagant
and unnecessary. ---"
Lord Hugh Cecil. Conservative, moved
an amendment providing that recalcit
rant members should be Imprisoned. This
was opposed by Balfour, w;ho pointed out
that It would place too much responsibil
ity upon the Government.
Several passionate speeches were made
and the scene was one cf the greatest ex
citement. Finally, having forcd a division
by shouting "aye" when the Speaker put
the question-, the Irish members joined
the. rest of the House in the "no" lobby,
the result being that no one voted for the
amendment of Lord Cecil and <2t> voted
against it. • . '
Suspension Rule, Adopted.
Government Leader in the
Commons Has a Severe
Rule Adopted.
BALFDUR FIRM
FOR PUNISHMENT
To-day brought Carter men from all
over Montana, and the legislative halls
to-night presented a ecene'of tumultuous
excitement not paralleled in Helena since
Senator W. A,. Clark'e election in January.
The Montana Legislature strove all day
and night to break the deadlock that has
existed since the voting for the short
term Senator began In January. This was
the last day of the session. At mid
night the hands of the clock in the House
were'pushed back and the voting con
tinued.
At noon the Legislature met and took
the usual perfunctory ballot. The result
was the same as for days. An adjourn
ment of the joint session was then had
till 7 p. m. Meantime both houses pushed
through numerous bills waiting on the
calendar. At 7 o'clock the balloting was
resumed.
HELENA, Mont., March S, 2:30 a. m.—
Paris Gibson of Great Falls was elected
United States Senator for the shbrt term
to-night.
Off the Senatorial Plum
in Montana.
Great Falls Man Carries
PARIS GIBSON
WINS THE TOGA
. Inquiries, congratulations „ and' condo
lences poured In throughout the day from
,the-whole diplomatic corps, including tho
United States Embassy, as well as from
many thousands of ; Germans, including
the , municipalities of Berlin. Charlotten
burgr. Potsdam and- Koenigrsburg.
: The opinion - prevails . that the Emperor
will suffer much pain and probably some
fever and Inflammation for the next few.
daysAandthat it: will :< require at least , a
fortnight before. the wound , is healed.
Professor von Bergrnann has ordered the
room -in which the Emperor, is to be kept
darkened, because cf • the danger that ! an
eye may be affected." v . 1
The German press to-day calmly com
ments' upon " the - event." The only paper
which » had ithus far endeavored, to incul
pate ;tho socialist Is the. Deutscher Tapes
Zeltung. which claims that Weiland be
came "crazed with subversive literature, r
Congratulations • of Diplomats.
. Welland's examination proved that he
¦was not responsible for his actions. He
said' he felt ill yesterday and feared an
epilectlc attack. While • he was waiting
for ihe arrival of the Emperor the sound
of a' fountain playing In the courtyard
caused him to' Imagine that he was sail
ing a ship, his former vocation having
been that of a ship's captain. Under this
delusion his excitement increased and he
attempted to heave - a lead and three
pieces of iron. Then > he lost conscious
ness. The missile was a fishplate weigh
ing 550 crams.
Count von Ballestrem, President of the
Reichstag, in communicating to that body
to-day news of the attack on. the Em
percr, expressed In behalf of the House
the horror felt at the abominable act. The
members of the Reichstag in attendance
stood during the President's speech. The
Social Democrats were not present. -In
the 'lower house of the Prussian Diet the
President. Herr von Krocher, announced
that the Emperor's, wound was not seri
ous, but that he would be obliged to keep
to his bed for a few days.
The -wound is In the right cheek and about
an inch and a half long. It passes over the
xygoma and penetrates to the bone. It has
the character of a contused wound. There
has been much bleeding but the wound has
been closed 'with bandaging without sewing.
The Emperor passed a fairly good night. Is
free from headache and his general condition
18 good. LEUTHOLD.
BEKGMAN'N. .
ILLBERO.
After the surgeon's visit to his Majesty
a bulletin was Issued as follows:
Bulletin From Physicians.
The assailant ot Emperor William, in
trying to escape, fell under the horses of
the escort riding behind the carriage. Th«
escort handed the man over to the police:
During an examination at the town hall
he suffered ' from several epileptic fits.
Medicaments found in his pockets showed
he had been a chronic sufferer from epi
lepsy.
BERLIN, March 7. — Emperor William
arrived here at 8 o'clock this- morning.
The Empress and Count von Bulow met
him at the station. In the attack upon
Emperor William by Dietrich Welland
while the former was driving from the
Rathskeller to the railway station the
Emperor was struck on the -cheek just be
low the right eye. He was not seriously
injured and refrained from commenting
upon the subject. The burgomaster, who
accompanied a member of the staff to the
station, pointed out that his Majesty's
cheek was bleeding.
Emperor - William's Sight
May Be Affected by In
jury He Received.
DARKENED ROOM
FOR THE KAISER
WASHINGTON. March 7.—Sen
ator William P. Frye of Maine
wa3 to-day re-elected unani
mously President pro tem. of
the Senate, to serve during the
pleasure of the Senate. This Is the second
time Senator Frye has been' honored by
his colleagues. Five years ago, on Febru
ary 7, 1S96, the Republicans 'then being in
a minority, he was elected unanimously.
At to-day's session Morgan of Alabama
concluded his speech in support of his res
olution declaring \the abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty *' between the
XTnited States and Great Britain. His
peroration was pathetic. He had devoted
the best years of his official life, he said,
to advance the construction of the Nica
ragua canal, but now%lie did not expect to
see the work upon the great waterway
begun.
The Senator read that part of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty which relates to the
Nicaragua canal, and also the protocols
of an agreement for the construction of
the canal made between the United States
Government and the Governments of
Nicaragua and Costa Rica. He declared
that It was perfectly clear that the pro
tocols entered into last fall by this Gov-
Swink, the cowboy, notified Sheriff Del
Lewis of the visit of the desperado and
the Sheriff headed a posse, which is now
searching the country, and sent Deputy
Porter McDonald out with a second pof'se,
which is following the desperado's trull
toward the Mexican border. Swlnk says
he recognized Alvord as soon as he rode
up to the ranch. The desperado demand
ed supper, which Swink provided, and
later Alvord and his Yaqui Indian depart
ed, warning Swink not to leave the ranch
or divulge 'any information in regard to
the visit. Sv.lnk remained at the ranch
during the day and in the evening Alvord
and the Indian returned. It is believed
that they went to dig up treasure which
Alvord had buried near Warren's ranch
after the Cochiie hold-up.
The desperadJ said he would remain all
night at the ranch, and after Swlnk had
prepated supper for the two men Alvord
sat before the fire £nd told stories about
his experiences in Mexico and how he
evaded the officers in Arizona. The des
perado retired early and during the night
left the ranch. Swink was again warned
to remain In the house and obeyed orders,
knowing that Alvord Is a desperate man
and would shoot him if he attempted to
leave and were caught.
In the morning Swink went to the corral
and discovered that Alvord and his Indian
companion had taken five horses, two of
them pets of the cowboy. He was angered
and determined to avenge the loss, and
starting over the hills for Pearce he noti
fied the cowboys ho met and at Pearce
told the deputy sheriff.
TUCSON. Ariz.. March 7.— Outlaw Burt
Alvord, accompanied by a Yaqui Indian,
came across the border from Mexico a
few days ago and yesterday visited the
Warren ranch, in Sulphur Springs Valley.
There Alvord held up Frank Swlnk, a
cowboy, who was the only person at the
ranch when he arrived. Alvord, since
"Billy" Stiles left him, has been in Mex
ico with Bravo Juan. He is the only
member of the notorious train robber
gang who Is at liberty, and he has suc
ceeded in evading the officers • ever since
Stiles shot Jailer George Braven at Tomb
stone and liberated Alvord. Bravo Juan
and himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OUTLAW ALVORD
VISITS A RANCH
Returns From Mexico to Dig
Up Treasure Cached in
Arizona.
MILWAUKEE, March 7.-William
A. Rublee. who has been ap
j pointed Consul General at Hong
. kong to succeed Rounsevelle
Wildman, a victim of the Rio
disaster, is preparing for the journey to
the Orient. Rublee will not be a stranger
to his new wt>rk- He served four years
as Consul General at Prague during the
administration of President Harrison.
His able management of the office won
for fjim high commendation from the
State Department. His reports were con-
sidered models of information, clearness
iinn style.
He has the pood fortune to possess a
newspaper training. His father was for
many years the editor of the Milwaukee
Sentinel, and the son has had eight years'
experience as an editorial writer. This
tralninc: has given him an especially
arooa insight Into international affairs and
will he of much assistance to him in pre
paring his reports. Rublee is 40 years of
age. He graduated from Harvard and
has mastered- the German and French
languages His family consists of a wlfa
and one child.
MANILA. March 7 —Additional induce
ments have been made to the Insurgents
to surrender their guns. General MacAr
thur has directed .nil department com
manders to release one prisoner for every
rifle surrendered. An insurgent who sur
renders his gun will be permitted to name
the prisoner to be if leased, provided no
exceptional circumstances require this
man's detention, in which case another
selection will be allowed.
It is rumored in the local press that
the Carman case will be 'referred to
Washington, and that a statement on cer
tain matters concerning the case will be
obtained from Major General Otis.
The Federalists report that as a re-
Bult of the ncgotlaticns with the insur
gent general, Trias, who is in Southern
Luzon. Trias probaLly will soon surrender.
The United States training ship Buffalo
has completed the exchange of crews with
the warships at Cavlte and has sailed to
exchange 700 men recently from the
United Statrs for members of the crews
cf several American warships -at Hong
kong and Shanghai. Meanwhile the navy
gunboat Zatlro has taken 200 men to the
navy vessels in Southern Philippine
waters for the samu purpose.
Warships to Maneuver.
- The flagship Brooklyn goes to Pechlli
Gulf In Northern China in April to con
duct the maneuvers. The Kentucky, the
Oregon, the New Orleans, the Albany,
the Monterey and the Monadnock. will
participate in those maneuvers. The
American fleet on the. Asiatic station now
numbers fifty-four vessels.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— A large mall
has been received at the War Depart
ment from General MacArthur. It, in
cludes the record of many cases of mur
der, treason and other high crimes and
misdemeanors on the part of the Fili
pinos.
A native named Luchino Almlda was
convicted l>y a military commission of
flagrant violations of the laws of war and
was sentenced to hard labor for twenty
years and! to pay a fine of 20,000 pesos
General MacArthur commuted the sen
tence to deportation to Guam. It appears
from the evidence that Almida was the
principal chief of La Union at the time
of the occupation of that province, hold
ing office for the Insurrectionary junta
In that official capacity he called on the
officer commanding the American forces
and offered his services to aid in the
work of pacification of the province. His
offer was accepted in good faith and he
¦was allowed to continue in office.
Treachery of a Filipino.
While thus acting the role of a friend
of the American cause, the presldehte
and those under. him in authority were
with a common and secret understanding
actually administering their offices under
the orders and in the interest of .the in
surrectionary chiefs. Whenever they col
lected lawfully imposed taxes, they also
sought to impose and collect a like or
larger amount of taxes for the benefit of
the insurgent forces, and In some in
stances they diverted the public funds
derived from taxes legitimately collected
to the same treasonable use.
Another case of treachery reported by
General MacArthur is that of Catalino
Landayan, who was convicted by a mill
tary commission of violating: the laws of
war and giving intelligence to the enemy
m n c1nTt^ n a^X>r! teen COnfln/ -
MacArthur Offers Induce
ments to Have Filipinos
Surrender.
FREEDOM GIVEN
FOR THE GUNS
WILLIAM A. RLTBLEK. THE TALENTED. NEWSPAPER MAN OF MIL
WAUKEE, WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED CONSUL GENERAL AT
I HONGKONG TO SUCCEED THE LATE ROUNSEVELLE WILDMAN.
LONDOX. March 7.— John . MacWilson
Durant told a -story to-night of his alleged
Ostend duel, to a correspondent which Is
somewhat different from what he told
last night. He said:
"The duel came oft all right enough. It
was very irregular, according to French
rules, but was perfectly fair a la Barrlere
—ten paces apart, back to back, heels to
gether; at, drop of handkerchief . turn
round and fire. He was hurt. I was not
touched. The only fake was the tele
gram. I knew I might be dead or might
not, so I told my second to send It off at
any rate.
"I love the girl passionately and have
been miserable since I have been away
from her. I have not been able to sleep
for thinking of her. I would marry her
to-morrow. .It is not true that I am
pressed for money or that- 1 am dependent
on my mother. I have never had as much
money to spend In my life before as I
have had lately.
"I cannot tell you the names of the
other parties to the duel, because they are
probably liable for a criminal offense un
der both the Belgian and French law. . I
gave my word that I would keep the affair
secret. I don't know who gave It away,
but when I go back to Paris, as I shall,
I'll twist his neck for the sake of my
family, for her sake and for the sake of
the Russians, all of whom I shall have to
fight in consequence when I go back. But
I'm not afraid to die."
In an interview with another reporter
Durant said his opponent was not gravely
hurt.
"He fell on his back, but we had a
medical man present, and he will not die.
It was a chest wound. I'm going to Amer
ica and then back to Paris, but not for a
couple of months. I can shoot, and I'm
very lucky." ~
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Paris Telegram Announcing His
Death Was Sent, He Declares,
Because He Expected to
Be Killed. '
Ji MacWilson Durant Tells
New Story About ' the
Reported Dud.
SAYS HE SHOT
THE RUSSIAN
Conger Defends Squiers.;
WASHINGTON. 'March 7; — Minister
f'cngfr has come to th6. defense of H."G
Squiers. secretary of .the -legation ,:in
China, who was charged with having par
ticipated In the looting of • Peking
Fquier*. Conger cabled to-<Jay. has a fine
collection of Chinese and .Iapane.se bric-a
brac, but the Minister asserts that he ob
tained It honestly and not during the re
cent period of looting. State Department
officials say that Conger's dispatch will
prevent any action being taken upon the
yubiished Rilegatlon.3 regarding Squiers'
collection.-
PEKING. March ".—The Ministers' com
mittee has completed Its report, and the
general principle to be adopted in cases of
Indemnities is based upon laws In har
mony with the Roman and English sys
trms. This decision was not reached with
out considerable discussion, some believ
ing that the claims of men of good repu
tation should oe paid in full without fur
ther consideration. On the other hand, a
case was mentioned where a man of high
repute claims $10,000 each for his own.
his wife's and his daughter's nerves and
$20,000 for property destroyed, whereas'it
Js known that the latter estimate is more
than thrice the value of all.
The negotiations. Rockhlll says, are go
ing on well, and he sees no reason why
they should not be completed in two
months, with the exception of the com
mercial treaties, which will probably take
a long time.
General Chaffee replied to the copy of
General Yin Tn'-hang's letter sent him by
Court von Wa'dersee ihat he had given
instructions to the American troop* when
any detachments were sent against rob
bers and boxers to obtain to the lullest
extent possible the assistance of Chiness
officials in making arrests and punishing
the guilty.
Regarding indemnity for losses sti«
tained by missionaries and native Chris
lians. General Chaffee pointed out that
his sentiments were well known to the
American missionaries— that he was op
posed to extortion In every form and that
he favored strict justice in every case.
and that therefore he would agree quickly
to his Excellency's proposition that the
Indemnities Sir Robert Hart had men
tioned should be settled by the diplomats.
Chinese Regulars Killed.
BERLIN. March ".-The War Office ha?
received the following from Count von
\\ aldersee. dated Peking. March 6:
"A company of the Third Asiatics, un
der Captain Knoersen. came In contact
¦yesterday, south of Man-Sheng. with 1400
Chinese regular*, who hadapparently been
separated from their main body The
Chinese were scattered and fifty of them
were killed. .Two of their banners were
taken. A small detachment was sent
from Tientsin In Thsang. March J. to sup-
T>rc-t«s brigandage. Three companies of In
fantry, a squadron of cavalry and a bat
tery. »!1 under Lieutenant Colonel Am-
Ftedt. left for Yungtsching March 5 with
the same object." - _
Claims Against the Chinese
by Individuals Are
Excessive.
STEEP DEMANDS
FOR INDEMNITY
WASHINGTON. March 7.— Since last
autumn the Xavy Department has sus
perdfd the experiments in the employ
ment of wireless telegraphy as a means of
communication between naval vessels and
between vessels and the shore. Up to
this time none of the warships have been
equipped with a permanent plant.
Rear Admiral Bradford, the chief of the
equipmerit bureau, which naturally would
install any such mr-ans of communication.
has bren having conferences with gome
of the mest eminent electricians in the
United States as to the availability of the
¦wireless telegraph for naval use. But so
far norhing lik<»*the ideal system has been
found. The latest proposition has been
broached by the TVpartment of Agricul
ture. Secretary Wilson, hearing that the
navy -was casting about for a serviceable
system of tMcgraphy. has written to Ad
miral Rradford to notify him that the
Agricultural Dcrartment has been exper
imenting for some lime with wireless
telegraphy and has attained remarkable
results. His experts assert with the
greatest positiveness that they have
evolved a system radlcnllv different from
Marconi's and of far greater efficiency It
is probable that within a short t:rne a
practical ?xhiKition will be made on board
cf a naval vessel.
TELEGRAPHY IN THE NAVY.
HONOLULU. H. T.. March l.-The In
•ter-Island Telegraph Company announced
>-C!=l»>r<lay that it war prepared to receive
meFFapes for tranarni^lcn by wireless
telegrraph between Honolulu And the
islands of Molokai. I.ana! and Maul. The
.service lupins to-day. Within .the past
wpfk oommcrrial messatjes have passed
both way? between Honolulu and Maul.
The Hawaiian Govprnmfiit'a steam tug
Elfu. which «u bought from Mr.
BpreokHs about BSS,"4* the occasion of a
ludicrous attitude on the part of the Ter
ritorial Govprnrhent. Before the advent
of the SDrerkels' me fearless^ the Eleu
did all the tow-ing, excepting; for an occa
sional enlistment of the inter-Island steam
t-tders. When the Council of State un
der the republic *a$ passing emergency
nrproprlatinns, pending the coming Into
effect of Teprltnrial Government, the
tjueFtion was raised In that body as to
whether the tug should be maintained, as
there van ft belief that under American
lati the Government co*jld not enpage in
the towfns business. AJt all events, pro
vision was made for Jceeptne: up the ves
ppI. It being represented that the boat
might be needed for other service, such as
irat cf the Board of Health. She has
been towing parbage to pea. latterly, but
Et ihe nine time making many comical
efforts to compete with the swift and
powerful Fearless.
A few days ago it was up against the
Orverr.ment to have the tug Inspected by
T'ncle Sam's inspector* of hulls and boil
er*. Then the Superintendent of Public
Works performed a tactical stroke which
prrved effective. Making the plea that
the tug had passed with other public prop
erty into the possesFion of the Federal
Government, he induced the Inspectors to
waive inspection of the craft. This put
the tujf urton the distinguished plane of
being a ship of the United States navy. A'
test of her distinction in this respect came
foon and IIIfs Eleu •was not found there.
Frr several days rumors had been rife
that C-inadlan pealing schooners had call
ed at Waimea on the Island of Kau»i.
which 1<= not now a port of entry. The
oiiStom* officials asked for the use of the
T\ S. S. E!eu to go on a revenue cutter
cruise to Waimea. Then came a change
in the Hawaiian official dream. The cer
vices of the tu«r w*>re curtly refused on
"he ground rhat the Territorial Govern
rr^nt could not dispense with her sanitary
employment. Yesterday the boat was
sent across the channel to the same island
of Kauai and under private charter. j
A memorial of the Hawaiian Bar Af«n
elation foos forward by this mail to Dele
ratp Wilcox. urging the immediate an
pcJntmer.t of a second Circuit Judge t » fill !
the vacancy in Honolulu, also to have the !
»*'«n- ««f earh Judgp In this circuit in- !
ci eased 10 TrWj a voar. ;
Pp»cial Correspondence of.Tbe Call
People in Hawaii Now Hold
Communication by the
New System
m
Government Has an Interesting Time
In Attempting to ' Fix the
Status of the Tug
EltU.
ISLAND NEWS
WITHOUT WIRES
RUBLEE PREPARING
FOR TRIP TO ORIENT
New United States Consul General at
Hongkonga Trained Newspaper Man
Who Has Had Diplomatic Experience
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901.
All > r* w ¥ t '
Alabama s Senator Vigorously Urges
Upon the Senate Formal Abroga
tion of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty
MORGAN AGAIN MAKES
PLEA FOR THE CANAL
LONDON, March 7.— According to a dl3
patch to the Daily Mail from Odessa a
pilgrim steamer was caught in a storm
In the Black Sea and seventy- two pil
grims were washed overboard and
drowned.
Pilgrims Lost at Sea.
NEW TORK, March 7.— Channcey F
Glover, a wealthy resident of Cutchogne,
Long Island, was found jrullty in the Su
preme Court of Suffolk County to-day on
the charge of forging a will purporting
to be that of his father. Glover was sen
tenced to four years and four months in
prison. He fell in a faint as the Jnige
passed sentence upon him.
Imprisonment.
Cnaunc«y, Glover of Long Island.
Sentenced to Four Years'
WEALTHY MAN GUILTY
OF FORGING A WILL
HAVANA. March 7.— The constitutional
convention met in secret session this af
ternoon for a forma! discussion of the
Platt amendment. The conservative ele
ment scored a victory. It was decided tc
continue the sessions of the convention
and to refer the amendment to the special
committee on relations with Instructions
to bring In a. report.
General SangulHy favored dissolving th-»
convention and returning the amendment
without discussion. The other delegate*
ware unanimously In favor of continuing
the session and of sending some answer
to the executive department in Washing
ton.
It Is generally believed that the crisis,
if any existed, has passed, and by the
time the committee reports the present
excitement will have died out. Much de
pends upon the attitude of the radical
delegates. If an impassioned appeal to th»»
people is issued, as Is rumored will be the
case, this will cause demonstrations of
protest against the United States. But
nothing in the nature of an uprising: is
any longer feared.
Corsorvalive Element Scores a Vic
tory fit a Secret Session of the
Constitutional Convent! ji*
in Havana.
Nothing in the Nature cf
Uprising of Natives Is
Anticipated.
CUBAN CRISIS
IN NOW OVER
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Prevent the Grip .
Laxative Bromo-Qutnlne removes the cause. •
To Cur» a i Cold in One '; Day. £'
Take Laxative" Bronio • Quinine ' Tablets.* 'All
dturxists refund the money It it falls to cure.'
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box, 25c •
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THE VAULTS OP TUB
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST $5.00 PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WHT THEN WORRY OVER THE SATS
KEEPING OF YOUR VALUABLE3
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Comer California and Montgomery Streets,
Aviarr OR- JORDAN'S wzAti
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
0 O 1351 m*HT ST. tC t±k?X 3.I.03L i
\ . QT Th« L<rjmA^um!aU Mascots fat tb» \
A if^ft-t,, V.'orui y> e^fcansOT «r Any conuatufl 4
V XasO disc.u? po»MI-»ly»»r»«lhy the oldrM Y
© [*t£ 14* S?euiiUeuUk.C6*»t. Estjiyatr*. V
d &i$?h CILJOSDAJi-PfitfAT! DISEASES $
<f fl Or « JJ /-at fir* Curt in e»ery cucms.lrrtiken. T
Amfi lift Wnte for Booh. PaiLO1"P»**/fl
¥ 3 1/ IJ'3 mxsiAGC, mmled vas& {AF
A Q H, * ¦ »«luable book for mra) A
V DO. JUBtlA.V 4fe CO., 1GM Market -St. . S. f. ¥
DR. MEYERS&CO Jfgi^
Specialists. Disease 2§P^ W
and weakness o?| SfcJ$ jsX •
men. Established /^w *^%&&&?$\
1S81. Consultation vlp fV2?*VT
and prlvata book \3t\ | jf*s,i I
free, at otllce or by 'SSi/tlJ J*wla
mail. Cures guar- KSftkaiSiP^a*
an teed. 7IU Mar- KJaS^P«l^M
ket streot leievator J-^^t^A^HJf
entrance), San '^2)£ s^J\v$l&&±.
T?DTTCUl?Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
OXtU OliJuO "'• bootblacks, bath-
houses. biUlard table*.
brewers.' bookbinders, - candy-maker*. cann«ra.
dyers, fiourmilb. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers. palnUrs. shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. -
BUCHANA.T BRO3.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S^
Dependable Drags.
Orders
by mail
People living out of San Fran-
cisco can 5ave money by ordering
their drugs, medicines chemicals,
etc., from *
The Owl Drug Co.
Send for price list.
Mellin's Food 55c
Listerine 75c
Ayers' Cherry Pectoral 40c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Hoff's Malt ,25c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Cutlcura Soap 15c
Carter's Pills 15c
Peruna 85c
Swamp Root 40c »
Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c
Scott's Emulsion 75c
Swift's Specific 75c
Belladonna Plaster 3 for 25c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on all orders of $5 or up.
#^8\. 112ft MarKet Street
I TPAO«Pt»»r«.>
—~——— r _ San Francisco .
lOth and Broadway Oakland
A"Colonel" Brady's Bill Passes the Assembly and Its Progen
itors Are Hopeful This Warning Will Serve to Bring
Forth Something Substantial to Insure Its Death in Senate
BOSSES ARE ANXIOUSLY AWAITING
THE TELEPHONE COMPANY'S SACK
SCENES OF THE L.AST DAY FOR
WHICH THE LEGISLATORS WILL
DRAW PAY.
.The professionally comic Journals have
overlooked the remarkable . fact that an
angry Indian is a red cross.
San Bernardino Citizen Committed, to
Highland a Third Time.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 7.-Morris
Wetzel, a well-known younjj business
man, was to-day ordered committed to
the Southern California Hospital for the
Insane at Highland for the taird time
within two years, owing to an overindul
gence in strong drink. He commenced im
bibing two weeks ago and yesterday be
came a raving maniac. When Dr. Dickey
entered the jail last evening to give Wet
zel medicine the patient attacked him.
Wetzel then overpowered Jailer Keatring
and. half clad, ran down the street, al
most creating a panic among pedestrians.
He weighs more than 250 pounds and it
required the services of eight men to
handcuff him and again place him be
hind the prison bars.
Cf Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The fo'iow
ing. postofflces have been established:
Oregon— Agate. Jackson County, Jefferson,
S. Grigsby. postmaster: Washington-
Grant. Mason County, John II. Bille po3Z
master.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
George 1 Schmidt. Berkeley; appointed—
\V. F. Isert, Bethel. Contra Costa Coun
ty, vice F. C. Bethel, resigned; H. B. Wil
liams, Oneals, Madera County, vice
Charles Oneal, removed: Washington— T. j
J. Hunt. Granville,- Chthalis County, vice'
Lu stockwell. removed: D. L. Chapman, !
Nasel, Pacific - County, vice M. c. Fe'.d
berg, resigned; Nellie Goodrich, Rome,
Whatcom County, vice Louis Beebe. re
signed. : , '" " m j
Caldwell's Bill Goes Through.
SACRAMENTO. March 7.— Caldwell's
bill prohibiting the false marking or la
beling of boxes or packages containing
citrus fruits passed the Senate to-night,
cfter various amendments had been voted
down: The bill prescribed a penalty of.
from $200 to $500 for a, violation. '. of Its |
provisions. . ' ' _ - • '¦ ¦¦
x State to Honor Lincoln.
SACRAMENTO, March 7.— The I Senate '
passed Flint's bill making Lincoln's birth
day anniversary, February 12. a legal hoi. >
DRINK MAKES HIM A MANIAC
8EATTLE. March 7.— A letter from Tel
ler City, Alaska, under date of November
18, says that the body of an unknown
prospector has been found on the old trail
eighteen miles from there. "Whether it is
a case of death by freezing or murder
could not be determined. If there was
not foul play the man must have been de
mented.
C. Betch and James McKay made the
discovery as they were walking along to
gether near the Tisslce River. In their
path lay a. reindeer sleeping bag- with the
bare feet and limbs of a man protruding
from the opening at one end. Upon In
vestigation, they found the . bag to con
tain the body of a man entirely nude and
In a frozen state. Beside the dead man
was a pack strap and his frozen clothes,
with the name "Goldsbur" on the coat.
Nothing more was found to establish hi3
identity.
Betch is of the opinion that the stran
ger In trying to cross a creek In the dark
fell In and got so wet that he took off his
clothes and crept into the bag to get
warm. .-,£. , *.- ;v-- - - ;
Prospectors Discover the Nude Ra
mains of a If an in a Deerskin
Sleeging-Bag.
FROZEN BODY FOUND
ON THE TELLER TRAIL
SACRAMENTO, March . 7.— Schilllg's
bill, which Imposes a maximum tax of 4
cents a head upon all sheep being driven
through a county, passed the Assembly
to-night. -Rutherford attempted to amend
by increasing the tax to 5 cents per head
but this was voted "down and the bill
passed.
Tax on Tourist Sheep.
SACRAMENTO. March 7.-The Senate
to-day passed .Kelley's bill appropriating
$10,000 for the compilation and printing of
the State Blue Book: Macbeth's, amend
ing the act relating to the creation and
administration of a teachers' annuity
fund in counties of- the State; Walker's,
appropriating $1500 for the Woman's Re
lief Corps Home at Evergreen,- Santa
Clara County: Barnes', regulating public
warehouses; Devlin's, appropriating $45 -
000 to defray the indebtedness of the State
Agricultural Society, provided the soclety
vest title to Agricultural Park, Sacra
mento, in the States; Ray's, appropriatine
$25,000 for an electric light and power
plant for the Yosemite Valley. Greer's
bill, appropriating $35,000 for a State high
way between Sacramento and Folsom,
was defeated. Devlin gave notice of re
consideration.
Bills Passed by Senate.
The old-time obsequious servants of the
Southern Pacific in the California Senate
seem to-be oblivious to the fact that a
new era in railroad affairs has dawned.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, March 7.— The Senators who op
posed the ratification of the China Basin
lease on the presumption, that the South
ern Pacific Company secretly desired a
denial of the lease reckoned without au
thentic Information, and ' their conduct
may compel the law department of the
company to make an explanation. It
transpires that President Ripley of the
Santa Fe recently met President Hays of
the Southern Pacific and submitted a
statetnent that members of the Legisla
ture had received a hint from the law do
partment of the latter corporation that
the lease ought to be opposed. President
Hays asserted in the most explicit man
ner that the company which he repre
sented was not fighting the Santa Fe in
the California Legislature, and that no
authority had been given to any officer
of the Southern Pacific to concern himself
in the legislation relative to the lease
President Hays said rurther that he
would immediately inquire if instructions
had been given from any department to
oppose the Santa Fe, and if the inquiry
should establish the fact of such inter
ference the officer responsible for it would
be called to strict reckoning. President
Ripley of the Santa Fe was earnestly re
quested to present all the facta to the
Southern Pacific, and the wires wer*
promptly used In compliance with the re
quest. * . - • ,.; r - :¦¦¦¦-
Pacific Go Astray.
Senators Seeking to Please Southern
THEIR ZEAL MISDIBECTED.
Senate bill 164 fixing the salary of dep
uty superintendents of schools of San
Francisco at $3000 per year, was passed by
the Assembly th!s afternoon by a vote of 46
ayes to 21 noes. Sutro changed his vote
from no to aye and gave notice that he
would move to reconsider.
The Senate Finance Committee, to
which was referred the concurrent resolu
tion providing for an adjournment on
March 9. had the matter under discussion
this evening and changed the date to
Saturday, March 16, at 12 midnight. The
change was made only after considerable
debate.
What is known as the "Nosier bill"
(Nutt's Senate bill 535) received a serious
setback in the Assembly to-night. By pro
test of -seven members- Johnson. Ralston.
Bliss. Melick. Treadwell, Brown of San
Francisco and Chiles— its consideration on
the special urgency file was denied, and it
was returned to its place on the second
reading file. The end of the session prob
ably will be reached before it comes up on
final passage. The bill is In the form of
an act authorizing and providing the
means for the collection of the "war
claims" of the State, amounting to $4 000
000, out of which J800.000 would go to
Thomas M. Nosier, according to the pro
visions of the bill, for the collection of the
claims.
Adjournment on March, 16.
Iy what the labor unions wanted in the
matter, and opposed the bill as tending to
build up the Governor's patronage and
surround him with a political ring.
Error in Slot Machine Bill. y
When the slot machine bill came up in
the Senate this afternoon Oneal asked
that it be passed on file, but the Senate
was not going to lei it go »o easily. Bel
fhaw got up and objected, "unless," he
Kaid, "some good reason be given why
the bill should go over."
It already had been passed once and to
ra.»s it again would be to send it to the
foot of the file, an<l to this also Belshaw
objected. The objection caused much
consternation among the opponents of the
measure. Oneal tn*d to give a reason by
ravins that there probably would be a
exeat deal of dis-cusslon over the measure
and it would block other bills below it
en the file. Belshaw taw no rorce in this
reason and Davis declared that the bill
•vvas entitled to consiot-ration in its place
en the file and saw no reason against dis
cussing it at once, particularly as the
request cair.e from one who was not
"handling" the measure in the Senate.
Wolf*- wanted to know why then it was
that Davis, who was uqt the author, ob
<e"te<3 and Davis sail he had been asked
bv Johnson to prc33 the bill to a vote
s« soon as possible. He called attention
to the fact that the Mil would go to the
foot of the file anJ Shortridge said that
v.as what they wanted, whereupon Davis
insisted that the Mil be considered at
Seeing that the epposition was deter
mined Oneal withdr^r his request and
the bill was taken up. At once there was
excitement among the opponents of the
rncasure. Wolfe, Shortridge and Oneal
«rath«rsd in the center aisle to find out
whattney should do and Curtin was rec
nra&ed to explain why he was going to
vnt* zcainst the bill. He said he believed
It Was a matter that should be taken up
i,i- rl-'es and by counties: he did not be
1 PveVtwt." a question for State legisla
tion He referred to the scandals that the
hill h'd caused at this and previous se&
¦ions and denounced the measure as "cpn-
J^vW Yn iniquitv. born in sin and living
uPOiT\h? weSS-M «>f humanity."
By tills time Cutter had found where an
y J.ii,™vitire printer had Eet up an
fl^omrnodatii.g , pn fae
in have appointed a special committee of
metoam^Ml the offensive letter. It was
the dimSVnce between the phrase ;game
assss -srsa. sa & as jsks
Jrt ™. SSSl n>"<* t'!° ic >™ froI ° "• opI>t> -
T"h» <^>nate Finance Committee: has al
reaSv made several Important amend
?nts to the general appropriation bill
and it has hardly commenced to coniider
U Th" cut of JKAOOO on San Quentin has
been tiken w ax»d the belief of the com
mittee is that some mistake has l>n
made. It was understood that .when the
appropriation was reduced from »».«W 'to
SluOOGO. there was already $100,000 in the
fund, but It Is now believed that the re
volving fund was counted «»n available
fund, when it can be used for no °, th « r
purpose than for the purchase of Jute.
Wardcn Aguirre was sent for and he, of
a representative, will come before the
committee to explain. *o any mistake may
be corrected. The $11,000 for extra clerks
ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
-/ MENTO. March ".—Brady's tele
l phone bill was passed by the A»- j
;^^7 fterobly this morning on recon- j
sideration after nearly an hour;
of rustling about on a call of the Hou?-> j
to g-et the necessary lorty-one votes. The j
fiz-.p.l vote stood — ayes H. noes 15.
Martin Kelly, Brady. Franklin and oth
f.s immediately interested In the bill are
jubilant. They hope the fear that the bi:l j
will pars the Senate will cause the tele- j
phor.e company to send a "sack" to Sac- j
ramento and that they will be the benen • |
claries. Up to the present the telephone
company has stubbornly refused to t>5
"touched." taklr.g the stand that the bill.
on account of its orig'.n, was obviously a
cinch measure, and it did not believe the
Legislature would enact a law from sucn j
•curce. Whether or not the company will j
maintain that stand, now that one branch |
of the Legislature has passed the bill, re
xnair.s to be sc€n.
A number of Assemblymen who believed
the provisions of the bill to be good in
the main voted against the measure,
knowing that Brady -was not the autho.- •
of it and that it m introduced for
"cinch" purposes only. Martin Kelly *
connection with it is veri- well known and
the bill was passed because many Assem
blymen believed it was a good bill and
could be forced through the Senate
though they distrusted Lue good faith of
¦ the men behindJt.
The bill compels telephone companies
doing other than an interstate business to
•secure from the Secretary of State certi
iieates of authority f» tiansact such busi
ness. They must keep pioper books of ac
oount. subject to the inspection of the |
Controller or Secretary of State, and
f hall pay to the Contrr.ller of the State 2
t>er cent of the gross receipts of their
business.
A long debate preceded the roll call.
Kelley spoke for the bill, as did Henry
and Hourigan. Brown of San Mateo.
I^aird. Hanen, Feliz and Guilfoyle spoke
against It.
Hourigan appealed a? a laboring man
to all those who "loved labor" to vote for
the bill, but when McLaughlfn a?ked him
If It was not tiue that the San Francisco
Typographical Union, the Building Trades
Council and ether labor organizations
were united in opposition to the bill.
Hourigan said he refused to recognize any
particular, class or organization, but
would vote for the Interests of all the
people. Guilfoyle told the Assembly plain-
Leavitt's Senate bill 56, providing for the
appointment of the State Printer instead
of his election by the people, was passed
by the Assembly this afternoon by a vote
of 44 to 22. Guilfoyle changed his vote
from no to aye* and gave notice of a mo
tion to reconsider.
By consent of both sides Senate bill 539,
providing a cfintinuous appropriation for
the University of California, .was amend
ed in the Assembly to-day in a manner
that very materially changes its import.
As originally drawn the bill in effect ap
propriated $1,000,000. payable in five bien
nial installments. Unless future Legisla
tures should repeal the act the item rtt
$200,000 had to be provided for in the tax
levy and inserted as an item In the gen
eral appropriation bill. As amended. In
accordance with the objections 'offered by
Fisk, the bill amounts to a resolution de
claring the State's policy to be to appro
priate $200,000 biennially. In addition to all
other revenues of the university. Sections
3. 4 and 5 of the original bill are stricken
out.
University Bill Amended.
The caucus amendmc-nts to the Senate
apportionment bill were adopted in the
Assembly this morning and the bill was
ordered to engrossment and third reading.
The bill will be promptly passed by the
Assembly, but in the Senate a bitter con
test will be made against concurrence.
The committee primary election bill
(Assembly Bill 793) and 3Iacbeth's bill
<109), relating to conventions, -were passed
by the Assembly ihi3 morning without
debate. The former bill, as amended,
probably will meet strong opposition in
the Senate. It embodies Johnson"s test
of party affiliation, brised on adherence
to the principles enunciated in the most
recent party platform oi by other high
est authority, as against the test pro
posed by the joint elections committee —
a declaration of intention to support th«s
nominees of the party.
Primary Bill Passes.
On or after six months aft«r the entry
of th»» decree, unless it shall have been
reversed on appeal or a new trial shall
have been granted, the court shall mak*
a final decree dissolving the bonds of
matrimony. The marriage of either party
is then permissible un.ler the staute.
The interlocutory decree shall not ad-
Judge the dissolution of ths marriage, but
shall be final as to the matters mentioned
In subdivisions 1 and 2. An appeal mar
be taken .to the Supreme Court- within
sixty day?. •
3. The amount to be paid by the husband
for alimony or support of wife or minor chil
dren.
4. Provisions for the care and custody of
the minor children.
L The existence of the fact of the marriage
and of a ground for divorce, and the non
existence of any cause for denying the same.
2. The portions of the property, community
or separate, to which the parties may be en
titled.
Upon the hearing of the evidence in a
divorce suit. If the court finds that a
ground for divorce exists, it shall make
an interlocutory decree wherein the fol
lowing may be adjudged:
By the provisions of the bill, which,
it may be presumed. v1ll be signed by the
Governor, the prohibition of marriafe of
divorced persons witnin a year after di
vorce is removed and instead a scheme is
adopted which will prevent marriage for
six months. This scheme is such that il
cannot be evaded by Reno marriages.
This end is gained by ueans of interlocu
tory decrees.
The Assembly this n cining concurred in
the Senate amendments to the Sheridan
divorce bill (Assembly bill 531). The
amended bill will be returned to the Sen
ate and thence will ro to the Governor.
New Divorce Law.
for the Board of Examiners, that was
out to 53000 in the Assembly, was restored.
The total printing appropriation, whicn
was «125,000 and left a deficit, was cut by
the bill to 557,000 and was raised by the
committee to $125.0u0. The total appro
priation for agricultural fairs was raised
from $S0.'><0 to J1OJ.000 by Increasing each
individual appropriation by 25 per cent.
The appropriation of $60,000 for the State
Mining Bureau was reapportioned so as
to allow $10,000 more for field work and
$3000 more for printing.
The Committee on Constitutional
Amendments has reported favorably on
Assembly amendments^!*, to regulate
hours of labor on public work; 2S, to pro
vide for a State commission to regulate
rates and public utilities, and 2t, to abol
ish poll tax. There was an unfavorable
minority report on 24.
Brady's telephone rate amendment. No.
8. was unfavorably reported upon, with
a favorable minority report from Wolfe.
No. 19. extending to women the right to
vote at school elctions. was favorably re
ported, with an unfavorable report from
a minoritv of Wolfe, Oneal and Devlin.
PISTOL FIGURES
IN ELOPEMENT
Mrs. Linville Claims Shi
Was Forced to Leave
Her Home.
Husband Rescues His Wife and Child
After a Lively Chase
Through Threa
States.
STUDENT FUNDS
SHOW SHORTAGE
Linville haa set the police on the track
of McCrea and' will attempt to capture
him. He is still somewhere in the State
of Washington. Linville was greatly con
cerned in the fate of the boy and is happy
now that he has him safely within his
custody again. He will return with the
boy to Lodi to-morrow.
Tiie story Linville tells is a remarkable
one. He detailed the manner of. his pur
suit, aided by police and detectives, and
how McCrea each time eluded him. While
the couple were on the train from Seattle
to Tacoma, McCrea got a hint that he was
being pursued and dropped off at a way
station, , leaving Mrs. Linville and the
child on the train. Mrs. I^inville told the
conductor she had been led away from her
home by McCrea under threats to kill her
if she did not obey him and she begged
the conductor to rescue her. The con
ductor told her to stay on the train until
the return trip should have been com
pleted and she did so. '
It was then that Linville met his wife
and child. Linville says she told him
McCrea had visited her home at Lodi
while he was at work in the mines and
at the point of a pistol commanded her to
follow him with her child. Once they were
away from Lodi. he took from hla valise
a rcpe and said • that if she resisted he
would kill her and the boy and hang hint
self with the rope. She told her husband
that she - tried to escape from McCrea's
clutches, but could not. The husband be
lieved the story, which he afterward
learned the woman had told also to the
conductor who aided her and he then
brought his wife to her sister's home at
Aberdeen, there to let her remain until
she recovers from her thrilling experi
ence.
SACRAMENTO. March T.— R. A. Lin
ville, the Lodl miner, whose wife eloped
with Ralph McCrea, taking with her their
three-year-old son, returned to-night
frcm Washington, after having pursued
the eloping couple from town to town
through three States. He has brought
with him the boy and tidings of the
mother and .McCrea. Linville said to
night that he met his wife at Seattle and
escorted her to Aberdeen, Wash., where
she is now safely quartered in the home
of her sister.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Sensational Disclosure Made
at San Jose Normal
School.
The treasurer has been notified that he
failed to pay some bills, and it is ex
pected he will settle them. In the mean
time the students have assessed them
selves to make up the deficiency.
The treasurer is alleged to have han
dled money in a loose manner. A min
strel show which was well patronized
realized $150, yet the treasurer's books
show but $60 received, and some money
collected for a banquet (which feast was
not given) was never accounted for.
SAX JOSE. March 7.— The Athletic As
sociation of the State Normal School is
financially entangled, and charges of mis
management of its affairs have been made
ag-alnst its treasurer, E. Kottinger, who
graduated last June. Two hundred dol
lars indebtedness is standing against the
association. The debtors called the atten
tion of Princfpal Dailey to the matter,
and this morning he called the student
body together and created a sensation by
announcing that there was an indebted
ness of nearly $200 against the associa
tion and not a cent in the treasury to
meet it; further, that debts that were
supposed to have been paid were still
liabilities.
„¦•.,; -. ¦ .- - ' ¦ . ____ «. ¦.¦-,• ¦:.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 19O1.
3
Ten Dollar Overcoats
And in overcoats at $10 we have box coverts in different light shades,
oxford gray cheviotsfkerseys and other suitable overcoat materials. They have
been made recently and are cut in the season's styles.
Made by Union Labor
These suits and overcoats are all made by union lator in our own work-
shops. As proof of the workmanship, every coat and overcoat has a union label
in the inside pocket.. As proof of the material you get our "Yeargood" guarantee.
You get protection, a guarantee and a good suit for $10. You can't do
better, for ours is the only union-made clothing on this coast. See our window
display of these goods.-
Children's Clothing Department
The all-prevailing suit for little boys this season is the Russian Blouse
The idea was suggested 10 Fashion by the garments worn by the Russian soldiers
The suit is a fetching creation and its popularity is assured We are
showing an advance line of Russian blouse suits in very good qualities. The
materials are principally cheviots and serges in blue, red and brown. They come
handsomely trimmed with soutache, etc; the belts are rr.ade of white kid and
sometimes in the same material as the suits. We ask mothers to inspect our line.
Just had made up some golf caps for boys in the most exquisite patterns
ever shown, for only 25c. .
, "Mothers Friend" waists for boys, all colors and patterns, 50c, 75c and $1
Out-of-town orders filled — write for anything desired in men's or boys' clothes, furnishinqs or hats.
718 Market Street.
Ten Dollar Suits
lYie present stock of $10 suits surpasses that of any former season both
in variety and va'ues, and consists of gray clay worsteds, exceptionally- fine
goods at the price, fast color, indigo blue serges and many spring novelties
which have been brought out this season.
Our $IO ready-to-wear clothes have always been one of
the strongest values in our store. Customers have considered
them "the most serviceable, stylish and .satisfactory clothes
for the price to be had anywhere. While heretofore we have
only had this clothing in a few different patterns, we are now
showing it in many staple and fancy patterns equal to the
assortments found in higher. priced clothing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fflnl™ *«gg»ad»ftShinglers' Union Elects Officers.
The smoker given' by the Hotel and Res
taurant Employes' Union last night at 102
O'Farrell street attracted a lively crowd.
The members of the union and i invited
guests were -regaled, .with songs < and
stories while refreshments were being
served and the evening passed pleasantly.
Addresses on organized labor were deliv
ered by.F. 8. Hamilton and A. R, Andrae.
and songs and recitations were rendered
by Messrs. Kavanagh, Daly, Zidroman,
Noel and-Hansen.
Restaurant Employes' Smoker.
Mrs. Sarah C. Tait, widow of George
Tait, passed away at the Hotel Suther
land, Sutter and Jone3 streets, yesterday.
The deceased had been an invalid for the
last two years. The death of her daugh
ter-in-law, the wife of Dr. Dudley, Tait,
probably, hastened her end.
Mrs. Sarah Tait was a native of Con
necticut, but had been a resident of Cali
fornia since 1S51. At one time she was a
prominent school teacher and it was while
teaching in the Glrl#' High School thai,
she met and married her husband, who
was the principal of the same school.' She
leaves three sons— Dr. Dudley Tait, at
present connected with the French Hos
pital; William and George Tait. all of
whom reside in this city. The funeral,
which will be private, will-take place
from the' residence of- Dr. Dudley, Tait at
1054 Post street this forenoon at 10 o'clock.
Death of Mrs. Sarah C. Tait.
estate left by John Maher of San Rafael.
According to Maher's lirst 3pouse there Is
not even a fight on between herself and
the second wife and widow. •
Mrs. Maher, the first wife of the de
ceased, keeps a little variety store out on
McAllister street. When seen yesterday
she denied that there was any trouble be
tween her and her divorced husband's
widow.
"When Maher was ill," she said, "he
sent me word that he would like me to
come over to. San Rafael .with his chil
dren to see him. I went at his request,
accompanied by our daughters, Mrj.
Elizabeth Howard and Mrs. Bmily Young
I. found him to be a very sick man and
¦when «he expressed a wish to be taken
from his home 'to St. Mary's Hospital I
attended to his removal. He declared to
me that he hoped to be buried in Holy
Cross- Cemetery. Mrs. Maher, however,
decided that -he should be burled over at
San Rafael and she had the body removed
to her home." .
According :to Maher's first wife de
ceased's estate consists of a deposit of
$2900 In the Hlbernia Bank and $700 in the
German Bank.
First Wife of the Late John Maher
Declares There Will Be
No Contest.
There is to be no contest over the small
SAN RAFAEL WILL ;
' HAVE NO SENSATION
BOSTON,. March 7.— The Post will say
to-morrow that prominent sporting men
of Boston have selected Bermuda as the
mecca of boxers,*" and that a -clubhouse
will be opened there to be managed; by
John L,.. Sullivan.: Two athletic mana
gers left to-day for Bermuda to arrange
matches between Kid McCoy and Tommy
Ryan for $8000, the first big event on the
Island.
John L-. Sullivan Will Open a Club
house and McCoy and Tommy.
' Ryan May Meet.
BERMUDA SELECTED
. AS PUGILISTIC MECCA
BOSTON, March 7.— Kdwin Ten Eyck,
ex-champion amateur sculler of America
and winner of the diamond sculls at the
Henley regatta, has been officially In
formed by Secretary Fortmyer of the N.
A. A. O. that charges have been preferred
against him and he will be expected to
appear before the executive committee In
New York on March 16. The "Wachusett
Boat Club at Worcester, to which Ten
Eyck belongs, will be represented at tho
meeting:. The onlv charge they can be
lieve has been made Is that the sculler re
fused to ro to Paris last summer without
his partner, and in this, it is said/ the club
assumes responsibility.
Answer for Some Breach of
Association Rules.
Ex-Champion Amateur Sculler Must
Third race — Valenclenne, Tizona, MacLaren.
Fourth race — Telamon, Silurian, Brutal.
Fifth race— Slnfl, Maresa, Moonbrlght.
Sixth race— Ostler Joe. Bogus Bill, La Borgia.
CHARGES ARE MADE
AGAINST TEN EYCK
Tanforan Selections.
First race—Dunboy, Ulloa. Lady Maud.
Second race —Artllla. Imperious. Lavator.
Sixth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
old* and up; selling: *
r2007>Willlnm Ack... 93 2019 Rainier 106
2030 Tappan Ill 1927 It. del Band'os.111
1*50 La Borjrla 105 (2029) Red wald 110
2023 Ostler .Toe 114 (201R)Thornwild ..;.. 83
1380 Bogus Bill 1071 2030 Gold Badge..... 92
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; three
jf-ar-old fillies; purse:
1930 Nellie Forest... 103 203? Sln«?er 105
17*3 Maresa 110 1741 Bab ......110
1561 Eonic HO "1990 Moonbrlght ....105
.... Sinn 110 19S1 Bonnie Llssak..lO5
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
r.nd up; purse:
<2MS)Sllurian 101 1993 3ru tat 101
1393 Telamon 104 2028Ada-X 99
Third race— Five and a half furlongs: four
year-olds and up; selling:
202', MeAlbert 103 2O2S Favorlto 106
(2027)Oold Baron 110 2021 Foul Play 104
2018 Onyx 105 1970 Miss Madeline.. 104
IMS Tizona 106 1970 Valenclenne ...103
2026 MacLaren 109 2026 Santa Lucia.. ..103
Second race — One mile; four-year-olds and
up; Felling:
19fi7 Lavator 112 2015 Charles Le Bel.106
2007 Artilla 100 2006 McNamara ....102
2W>fi Great land 109 2029 Royal Prize 106
1921 Imperious 109
Tanforan Entries.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-i.lds and up: selling:
1970 Dunboy 103 2029 Amelia Fonso..l03
201S Ixiiiy Maud 99 2003 Ulloa 10S
1163 Frank Duffy. ...101 2026 Mission 101
...; Perhaps 110 17«S St. Anthony.... 101
2P26 Racivo ....: 101 1970 Sisquoc 106
The executive committee of the St. Pat
rick's day convention last night decided
to recommend to the convention that the
price of seats in the boxes of tho Central
Theater, where an Irish play will bo pre-
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
CHINESE SLAVE GIRL TO BE DEPORT
ED—United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock has decided to recommend to United
States District Judge de Haven th» deportation
of Woon Ho. a 12-year-old Chinese girl, found
in a hous* of Ill-repute in Isleton. Sacramen
to County. The girl was admitted to this port
on a section 6 certificate as a student.
the Treasury that after denying a land
ing the authority of the Collector, ceased
and the rejected applicant could be taken
by the steamship companies to any for
eign port they mi^ht choose.
The customs officials in charge of the
Chinese went to ' the detention shed yes
ter to pick out Chan, but Instead of a boy
of 15 years they were shown a man of 50,
who claimed to be the only Chan. They
failed to find the 15-year-old Chan, and it
is believed that he has escaped. .
Mme. von Meyerinck has devoted much
time, to the affairs of .the club and the
entertainment of the members.
It Is the Intention of the club to have,
in the near future, a home for Its mem
bers, whereafter work the young ladles
may pass their time with their fellow
workerj and those of their own class.
Each evening of the week two hours are
devoted to choral singing, cooking, busi
ness affairs, health, social and literary
talks, sewing and needle work or physical
culture. On Saturdays and Sundays tea
is served to members and their friends in
open-house style.
Miss Tully is president of the club and
Mrs. Damkroeger is Its leader.
Future.
The Porteous Club held a meeting
Wednesday night In i,he assembly hall of
the Supreme- Court building, corner of
Larkln and McAllister streets, and,en
rolled more- than 100 names on Its list of
members. The Porteous Club, under the
auspices of the department of social
science of the California Club, la organ
ized for study and social intercourse, and
its members are frirls who are employed
during the day. Through the energetic
efforts of its officers the club has reached
a high standard and assumed such pro
portion that larger rooms will soon be
Organization Intends to Have Home
of It's Own in Near
PORTEOUS CLUB ENROLLS
MANY NEW MEMBERS
Oakland Entries.
Fir*t ra<-e— Five furJ.mps. three-year-olds and
Br-wsri: wiling.
VK fatan llfii 2«37 Nettle Clark. .114
IMfi Matilda 0 102 200* RirharVl S 94
B Pheppard...lft4> :'f>«» Oartalene ......11R
Itn \j*it Prin<-e 87, 2015 1,. Honker ins
2^-24 -Tack l««j BIS Flift Phot 116
r«4 rickiow Be'
P+carA rao*-Ane mile nr.d a sixteenth, four
yp*r-^!ii* an<l upm-ard^t^ninK- ,
1*43 Kvirato tnt 2W Twlnk. Twlnk.T*)
If-T! Birnfv F 10T| 2f>44 Ftrr>mo Ill
?** None Surh....lll 1972 Kmile Zola. ...Ill
lCfiS Fir Rolla US' 2M« Jim McCleevy.lU
Thlrfl race— Four furlongs, two-year-old*:
»«>nir.jr
VZ2 Jarre. d'Or lC5j V&i Warder l"0
W Constable ..I..103! J0J4 Te<idy Marks..in3
...•: Tompton lw!<;niO> Maraschino ...inj
row Lento 1C3| 1850 Victoria S 105
Fourth raw — !*ix and a half furlon*:*, three
y»-ar-n!(l* an<1 upward: Kelllnf.
]?•* Parsifal 104 (2f;24> Holllrk lf»
ltr<0 Andrattus 104 2024 Coapasa 102
Fifth r»f»- Plx furlon*». four-year-olds an<J
upward: falling.
2032 Artioch 117 14S3 Rinaldo 117
2H2 1 Don't Know. 117 IW* Haperdon 117
t't/Ti T.a i:ascotta...1in V>i.(, Faveirham ...120
r*4S IMlot 117 ma* Mike Rice 117
2'C? Merry Boy.. ...117 ?033 jUaria US
;4<"* Loconomo 115 2037 Almoner 117
Sixth ra<*e— Futurity couree, four-ypar-olii!"
end upward; falling.
l<w« Tr:» L!*rht US] ISM r O mlne Event.ios
X?*l Ml** Rcw.-»na.m UV.Wt The Bon^fllct-.llS
JOSS NorfonJ 113 <!C33j| Good Hope. ...US
Oakland Sections.
Kir*t rac*— Small .."ack. Plcklow, Nettle
Second race— £lr Itolla. PtHTOV Barney F. '
Third r&ce-Maraschlno.. Victoria fi, Jarre
tlerre d'Or.
Fourth rac»— Rollick, AmSrattus. Parsifal.
Fifth rac*— Hag*>r<Jon. Almoner. L«occnomo.
Sixth race-Miss P.owfna, The Benedict, Th*
Light.
Monoxide Causes Another Death.
George Moser. who was asphyxiated by
Illuminating eas on March 1 at 1126 Mar
ket street, tiled at the City and County
HcFpitaJ yesterday aftirnoon at 4 o'clock.
From the time of his nrrlval at the hospl
knl to the end he remained in an uncon
scious condition. His body was removed
to the Morgue.
JOHANSE.V CASE COXTINUED-The ca*<>
of Jacob Johansen. porter for the H. 8.
Crocker Comriisny. charged with crudity to hl«
boy Arthur »:¦>' burning his fao- and hand* with
*¦ red hot ifrn, was railed in Judfte Conlan's
cntirt y«>t*T<lajr and by consent continued till
rext Wednesday.
Talent at Oakland Bet Heavily on Bangor and He Again
Sulked---Flora Pomona Outfooted by. Waterscratch in
Track Record Time — Dominick Rides in Splendid Form
By F. E. Mulholland.
SO accustomed have the crowds at
Oakland become to backing any
and every horse that Bullman
rides that were Johnny to strad
dle a lop-eared government mule
in far away Manila he would be heavily
played to win the Filipino Derby. At
Oakland yesterday the crack rider was
posted to pilot Bangor in the mile and
seventy yards selling run, for the first
time since the notorious rogue became
the property of Burns & Waterhouse. Al
though there was nothing rise to justify
it. the 7 to 5 laid was snapped up as
eagerly as a mountain trout snaps at a
brown hackle f y. Away well at the start.
Bullman whistled in the chestnut horse's
iar. told him what easy game he was up
agair.st. then "fanned" him with a new $6
whip. It was justr like a tramp looking
for hard work, "there wns nothing do
ing." Bangor has apparently set his mind
against the game, and finished in fifth po
sition. In a iong. hard drive Dominick
rut the 9 to 2 chance El Mido over the
plate lirst. half a length in advance of the
rank outsider Spike. Opponent, primed
:md ready for « bruising race, was badly
messed about by little Meany. never hav
ing a chance to show what he could do.
The Ftsiking feature of the sport was
I he riding of ihe St. Louis boy, Dom
ini'-k. who after finishing second In the
nper.ing number captured the last three
races on the card. Four smart choices
were bowled over in St. Rica. Flora Po
mona. Bangor nnd Dollie Welthoff. The
attendance and betting was quite as good
as on the preceding day.
Had Pat Morrissey. the 3 to 5 favorite,
stopped U; catch his breath during the
progress of the mile run. first decided, he
would have been beaten. As it -was Bull
man landed him winner by a nose over
Don Luis, a 10 to 1 shot. Florabird ran
third.
Even if Owen Mounce on St. Rica had
been quicker away from the post in the
scramble next decided It is doubtful
whether the favorite could have downed
Jingle Jingle. The brown mare, with
Ransch on her hack, possessed most of
her old-time speed, winning from start to
tinish. Pilot, \ despised outsider, led St.
Rica out for the place. The latter horse
came fast through the j-tretch. but the
ground lost at the start could not be re
covered.
All of the handk-appers and ready reck
oners spread the coin about good and
thick on Flora Pomona to tnke»the three
and one-half furlong dash for two-year
olds. While the filly ran a very tidy look
ing race she was unable to overhaul
Mounce on Watersoratch. which scored
by :» half-length. The half-brother to old
Braw Scot equaled the track record for
the distance of 41Vi seconds. Jack Tyr
rell, second choice in the ring, lost the
show to Monastic.
Mike Strauss, at odd.s of 6 to 3. led all
the way in the <xtra seven-furlong selling
affair. Dr. Maiks. a r.0 to 1 shot, finished
second a head in front of Young Morello.
Jollying J. Ransch on the favorite. Dol
lie Weithoff. into thinking that he had
the last race up his sleeve. Dominick.
astride St. Wood, outfinlshed "Jay" the
last few yards, getting home first by a
neck. The winner was a 7 to 1 chance in
the books. living Cup received substan
tial backing at short odds, but the weight
carried told neir the end. and third was
as close up as the mare could get.
Track Notes.
. Through error C. H. Williams was report
ed to have died at Oakland Tuesday* night.
It should have read J. Stewart, who is the
father-in-law of Mr. Williams.
Yesterday's rut-in at Oakland showed
an Increase in the number of bookmaking
firms, nine hanging up slates. This does
not include two Held books.
SY LOUIS HONIG.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
r«»*>y IGHT from the north came the
I )# yesterday, and it tore
L-^' through the Tanforan inclosure
JX*^^ and up the stretch to the preat
discomfort of horses, jockeys
and patrons of the game. It may have
been this wind that added so many sec
onds to the time in the fourth race, the
one and one-sixteenth mile event, and it
may not have been the wind at all. What
the spectators 'houpht when they saw the
four fast footers snail themselves along
the backstretcli was that the race was
very badly ridden. The track was fast,
which is more than can be said for the
track performers.
In this handicap race for three-year-olds
and over Formero. Florizar. Advance
Guard and Autumn went to the post. Ad
vance Guard, with O'Connor up. was a 3
to 5 favorite and received the bulk of the
play, although Florizar. piloted by Burns,
came In for quite a bit of backing. No
pace was set at the start and the race,
was inexplicably slow. Miller took
Formero. 12 to 1, to the front 80911 after
the Ftart. Burns on Florizar keeping in
close touch, whiie O'Connor lay back with
Advance Guar.l. There seemed *o be no
difficulty for Formero to head the Held
over the entire route. At the stretch Ad
vance Guard passed Autumn, hut O'Con
nor couldn't move beyond this position.
Formero won right easily. Advance Guard
and Florizar having the flgHt at the wire
for place and show. Florizar held to his
oripinal position, and all the great Ad
vancf Guard, with top weight, could get
was the show In a four-horse race.
Dangfrnus Maid, at 15 to 1, acted the
part which the name indicates in the third
race, over six and a half furlongs. Handi
capper. with O Connor in the saddle, was
the third choice, while the talent fell upon
Isaline. steered by Tommy Burns, for the
prime selection. At the quarter post Wed
derstrand took th«* Dangerous Maid to
the for*\ and Kitty Kelly, coming from
the back, tried some team work until the
three-quarter post. Handicapper hove in
sight at the stretch, and then began the
hard sailing for port. Dangerous Maid
passed under tlie. wire a neck in advance
of Handicapper. Isallne beat Kitty Kelly
out for the Khow.
The third long shot winner was Dr.
Cave, 7 to 1. This happened in the last
race, in which Catastrophe, ridden by
O'Connor and made a 9 to 10 favorite,
could not overtake the lead which Thorpe
on Dr. Cave assumed at the outset.
O'Connor started out to win the series,
but he lasted only for the first two games.
Mounted on Gonfalon, an 8 to 5 favorite,
over a good firld in the first race O'Con
nor, fourth at the stretch, passed Specific
and Kdinboroupb and took the money.
Sad Sam was wretchedly ridden. Then
came O'Connor's second winning, this
time on Wyoming, which was done In
faFy style. Owensboro and Phoenician
fiKhting for the place.
Charley Thorpe had th*» extreme pleas
ure and gratification to find himself win
ner on two occasions. Saddled to Artena
Thorpe rode home, in glaring fashion in
the fifth race. Quibo, 20 to 1. got the
rlare. Then came the Dr. Cave race,
which made Thorpe's second victory.
Presiding Judge Pettinglll called the
jockeys up after the second race and read
them a lesson on the evils of bumping.
The jockeys looked weepy for a time, but
It can hnrdly be said that their subse
quent actions marked a deep penitence.
Results at New Orleans.
- NEW ORLEANS, March 7.— Weather
fine; track fast. Results:
First r«re, one mile, selling— McGrathiana
Prince wen, Bert Davis eecond. Hlja " third.
Time. 1:43.
Second race, nix furlomrs, selling-— Anlmo»lty
won. Cogswell second. Belle of Eltln third.
Time. 1:15.
Third race, one and one-sixteenth miles.
«*elllnK — Governor Iloyd won, Juanetta second,
I>hldlas thtrd. "Time; 1M9V4-
Fourth race, seven furlongrs, handicap— Sir
Florlan won, Andes second, Sackatuck third.
Time. 1:27*4. .
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Allrweli won.
Jackadle second. Mitt Boykln third. Time, 1:43.
¦ Sluh rare, bIx «nd one-half furlonfru,---sell
ing—Ooebel won. The Burlington Route Bec
ond, Eight Bells third. Time, 1:21%.
Chan Yit was denied a landing the other
day and was in the detention shed, await
ing deportation. His attorney asked per
mission of the Collector of the Port to al
low Chan to be taken by water to Mazat
lan.' Mexico, and the Collector assented
under a recent ruling of the Secretary of
"Has Chan Yit escaped from the deten
tion shed at the Mail dock?" is the ques
tion that is being asked by the customs
officials.
Chan Yit, Fifteen Years Old, Is Re
. placed by Chan Yit Fifty
Years Old.
CHINESE THICK OF *,
SUBSTITUTION PLAYED
PLANS for a splendid apartment
house, to be known as th-3
Drexel, to be erected on the north
west corner of a 50-vara lot locat
ed but a short distance from the
Olympic Club, have been accented and
construction will begin in "the near future.
A number of local capitalists have formed
a corporation for the purpose of erecting
the building.
The plans accepted are those of New
som Newsom & Newsom. The Drexe!
will be the best arranged apartment
house on this coast. In New York and
other large Eastern cities the apartment
house system has always been popular,
as it combines the maximum of comfort.
The Drexel will be 137:6 by 137:6 feet in
exterior dimensions und six or possibly
eight stories in height. With six stories
there will be seventy separate suites of
from four to five rooms each. The who'e
building will be fireproof and every apart
ment will have the benefit of sunlight.
The main staircase win be of sculptured
marble and the halls will be paved In
mosaic and wainscoted in marble, with
grained ceilings. Two electric elevators
will convey residents to their several
floors. The apartments will be models of
luxury, finished in native woods and ar-
convenience and luxury with the mini
mum of expense. The famous Strathmor*
of New York was the first built in this
country and one with twenty-four stones
is now being erected in the same city.
sented on th» afternoon of the celebra
tion, be fixed at tl and that the senerai
admission be fixed at &• cents. A commit
tee was appointed to wait upon the mem
bers of the Board of Kducation and ask
that a half holiday be granted school chil
dren. A circular letter will also be sent' to
business houses asking the proprietors to
allow their employes off at noontime in
order that they may bo able to attend tho
afternoon performance and evening ex •
erclsea.
The first story will be of dressed stone
and the superstructure of buff brick ard
terra cotta. Provision is made for a dru»r
store on the first floor. The usual tele
phonic, electrical and water convenience 1 ?
will be Introduced. Bay-windows will
adorn the front of each suite. The styi«
of architecture is French renaissance.
The approximate cost of the improvement
is J300.000.
tl3tJcaIly frescoed. Kitchens will have
tiled floors and be furnished with gas
ranges and every imaginable device to se
cure economy in time and exoendlture ol
labor. Baths for fresn or salt water wii:
be attached to each apartment. Steair
heating will be afforded throughout.
Handsome gTates will be placed in eacr
room.
THE "DREXEL," PLANS OF WHICH HAVE BEEN COMPLETED AND ACCEPTED BY THE CORPORATION OR
GANIZED TO. INSURE THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE BUILDING. WHICH WILL BE THE BEST ARRANGED
* APARTMENT HOUSE ON THIS COAST. .,">
2O4H. SIXTH RACE-Kix furlong?; selling;
four-> car-olds and up: purse. t4V). ,.*-
In'i^x. H<-rse. \Vt. Jockey. Bt. »i- Ftr. Fin.
IISS^XPT. Wood, t, W.Domnk 2 2 3 2 2 In
?VU Writhoff. .".. 104.nar.s-h 1 In In 2 4
l«:l L. c U p. 6. H2....Hnwp11 3 3 4 4 10 3 4
I*** Ali"la. a, 119 Russell S 4 n 4 1 4 n
ISr.2 nio <"hiro. .".. If*... Kelly 6 7 6 2 53
J''fc<> Bounfllee. 4, lOr.Mounce 4 5 1 r. »i fi 4
inn Homes'ke. f., HM.UcCthjr 7 6 1 7. 7
— Gartalin", Z. 1M... Logue •
Tim*- »». :244; *,. :4Rs«: *i. 1:14. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. Fred Cook's
fh. b. hy imp. Ft. Blaif»-\Voo<5!1ower. Dollie
*tofT^e"1 fomc and Domini^k is a trifle better
t*-»n Rars<-h. Too much weight on Ix)vinff
Tup. rtounrtle* lacked speed. Scratched—
T*ac* 1ft*. 'Iveft.
IVttlrr— Pt. Wood. 7: nollie \TeltholT. 3-2:
T>n\-lne <^ut>. S-i; Alicia. 100: Rio Chlco. 50;
Pourfllee. 6: Homestake, Zm; Oartaline, 2X)0.
2»»4*. FIFTH RACK-Sfven furl.nge; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. 135".
Index. Horw, Wt. Jrx-key. Ht. 's. %. Fin.
2^20 M. Htrauss* 4, IOS.D«nk 5 1 h 15 13
V\?< I>r. Marks, fi. K* Baser 2 3 2 3 1 2h
2O?l Y. Morello. 4, ins.B r o<5enn « h 2 h 3 3
2 r >21 M. llsrlf. 4. l«r..Mounce 4 4 1 7 'i 4 2
W* FirFt Call. «. 111. M. any 7 7 1 1^88
SOSfl Free Pam. 4. lfi3.Rans<-h 1 2 h 4 h SI
2025 Ctnrjo, 4. 103...Klnkea<i 9 R 'i 5 1 7 1
2f>21 .Tuva. 5. ir*..Fauntleroyn 9 1 9 1 S3
If-** Kaxtninr. ",. lll..Bullmn « 5 2 « »i 9 2
1W3 ring. 6. 10S Stuart 3 30 1 11 10 2
19M Honduran. 4, lo:>.IIowell 8 11 10 11
Time-'.. -.13: K. :-*: H. :< SI 4: T ». 1:29. Good
•tart. Won easily. Se<v>n<1 and third Jrivlng.
Winner. W. K. Cotton's br. g. by Ircxiuois
*»yp'y. Ptrauss has plenty of s;>^e<1. Mont
Kagle won't do. Stuart on Ping put up 4 very
mild ride.
IVttlr.sr-Mike Ptrausp. fi-5: Dr. Marks. 3«:
To-one Morelio. 41: Mort Eagle. 7: First Call,
5: Free Fhsr. SO; Canejo. «0; Juva. 40; Kas
talne. 12; ling. 7; H.> n <luran, 30.
2O47. F^VRTH RACE-Mile and TO yards;
eellirfg: thr(-e-year-oid«s and up; purse. J450-
Jndex. Horse, Wt. Jockej-. St. 'i- Btr. Fin.
2023 El Mido, 5. lOS.Dominick 4 2 1 11 1 ',
UttBplkti 4. M Stuart 1 Sh 1U 2n
187t> 1'arda. 6. 104 Mount-* 6 .11 4 2 2 2
.¦!8&$>)Moringa. 6. 103 Weir 2 11 2 4 4 'i
1".: Banger. 3. 31I..BuIlman 3 4h 5 1 5 3
J67« Qppooeot *. 103...Meany 5 <i 1 « 3 « 4
2*123 Twir.klor. S. 105..Howell 7 7 7 7
Time— 7« yards. :4'-: K. :23'ji: 'i. :^'i: K.
1.-1SV;. m. l:42*i : lm 7Oy<js, 1:46V Good Ftart.
Won all out. Swond and third driving. Win
ter. Duble & Co.'e b. g. by Imp. Sir Modred-
Ethel. El Mi«3o best ridden. Spike would
ri»\* won with a vigorous ride. Too far for
Morir-FH. Bar.gor a confirmed sulker. Oppo
nent mis«»rali!y handled. Twinkler quit early,
netting— ni Mldo. P-2: Fpike. 40: l"arda. IS;
Morfnga. 12; liangor. 7-.".; opponent. 4; Twlnk
ler. 10.
2<>4«. THIRD RACE-Thrte and a half fur
lonsr?; two-ypBr-olds; purse. fSiO.
In-Vx. Hors*. Wt. Jockey. St. «i. Str. Fin.
?13P Watoi scratch. liS.Mounc 112 ... 14
15« F. Pon,ona. 103..Howe!l 4 2 2 ... 2 8
13U Monastic, in* Logue 5 5h ... "
1K2J J. Tyrr«!l. !16..Bul!man : 3n ... 4 1
1SR5 F. Atterbry. lOT.Oolden 6 7 1 ... S4
IMS Botany. 7C9 Hh^t- han » 8 2 ... 6h
lXi 1 far. US Bassingrr 3 4n ... 7 1
1913 L^pato, |M <jTcri\(; 8 «2 ... SI
193X Achillrs. 114 RuizlO 10 ... 9 2
IMS Poet BUI. I09..B'>zpman 7 9 3 ... 1"
Tirrip— 2-16. :1<=V(; 7-l<». M'.'i. Good start.
V.'on ckv»-rly. Second and third drlvlns. Win-
T)<*r. <•. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by Imp.
Wal<-r.TPSf-Hflfn Scratch. Waterscratch a
likHy r,r\c. Flora Pomona m^ssed about Fomi"
«t siart. Jack Tyrrell nnn» too good an actor.
f^r»Tcbpd-Tori!a io:, Mariosa 11?.. Carlu 11^
Tfddy Marks 116. Flattered 102.
Rrtting— Waterscratch. 6: Flora Pomona. 1-2;
MonaFtlr. 30: J*rk Tyrrell.* 5; Fred Atterbery,
>> Botanr. 3"% iFar. 3); I-*^ato. 100; Achilles.
coupled with Monastic: Post Bell, 100.
2O4.V SECOND RACE- Five and a half fur
I^ngs; silling; three-year-olds and up; purre,
Ir.dex. Hori"'. \Vt. Jockey. St. «*. Ptr. Fin.
ISSi> J. JingJe. 5. lfll.Ran.sch 1 3 J 12 12
2132 Pilot. 4. $!*... Fa untleroy 4 4 2 2 2 2 1
:^4 St. lllca, 3, V7...Mounce< S3 3 2 IS
WS I-HIie Dicrs. 3. IiS.Stuart 9 5 J 3 n 4 n
:S$S Kings' I'al, 4. l»t>.Rau5gr 2 2 h 4 'i 5 n
203* Tir.c-a-I.lng. 4. 37. Woods 5 7 2 6 6 2
WSJ. MeCabe. 6. 10S. A'.exdr 7 9 8 7:'
1M7 Tristrain. 8. 93..Don.nik Sin: M
1?37 n:dr«l. 2, 53 Weir S 6 1 • '•'
Time— 3-16. :1S: 7-l«. :4SV; '>'-sf. i- r< i- Good
«tart. Won easily. Second and third drivtng.
Winner, F. T. Nlckells" br. m. by imp. Brutus-
Nab^itf-. Jingle run in old time form. Pilot
forfrot to sulk. St. Rlcn elow to get away.
msGo a good etr^tch run. Stuart on Ltlll*»
Disps sound arle+~. KHred a better mudder.
r^rting-Jlnjjle Jinple. 6: Pilot, 2"; St. Rica,
4-5: Lillie r>fg£«. S; King's Pal. i">; Tinp-a-
Lirjr. t»; Jack MeCabe, 100; Tristrain, fi: El-
Srerf, €.
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Thursday.
March 7. 1901.- Weat her fine. Track
fa Ft.
2044. FIRST RACE-One mile; selling;
thrv^-year-oMs and up; purse. J3ID.
Indpx. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 'i- Str. Fin.
:«7 MorrisFpy, a. lll.Hullmn 5 1 n 2 3 1 ns
2v2'i Don Luis. a. HO.Komr.k 12 2 In 2 2
ffS Florabird, 4. IU..Howell 3 3 1 3 3 3 6
2025 J. McClcevy. :., lu3.Hall < «n 4 1 4 1
9» Stromo. S. lW..Fauntlry 7 5 H £ 1 •*' 1
19S.> riingmastpr. a, 110.Mn«.-e 4 7 7 6 2
2023 Mitten. 4, 108 Weir 2 4 1 «1 <
Tlme-V. :2i: hi. :S0; *». 1:16; mile. 1:12^.
Good start. Won first thr*"» driving. Winner,
Harr.s &• Watcrhnu^'f K g. by Ix>rd Clifdon-
T*-r.ni«- n. H-Jlliran nurod Pat along, al
though he wantod to «top badly. Florablnl
showed in'.provfiEfst. Stromo wit bet on.
Mittrn ran below par.
IV-ttir.g— Pat Morri5s<>r. 3-j; Don Luis. 1»:
FloraWr.1. li; JJm UcOeerr. 12; Stromo, 13;
Kinprnaster. 13; Mitten, 5.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
SO43. SIXTH RACK— Seven furlong^; selling;
tliree-year-olds and up: purre. J<CO.
Index. Honie, Wt. Jockey. St. >.i. Str. Fin.
i"'42 Dr. Cavo, 4. 110.. Thorpe' 5 12 13 lh
201S1 Catasfphe. a, 106..O'Con 2 14 2 V4 2 5
2IV-2 Fondo. 3 96 Walsh 1 4 3 32 37
JS>«7 Free Uance. n. U4..Turnr 3 2 H 4 10 4 3
1324 Sir K'gston. 4. 104.Berg7i 4 5 5 5
Time-U. &%'. H. :m4: »i. l:01»4; "i. 1:28.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Martin & Pattern's' b. h. by imp. Kcsralin-
Maud B. ')r. Cave had the most speed and
pot too far away from Catastrophe first part.
Fondo ran to his notch. Scratched— Vain 103.
Betting — Dr. Cave, 6; Catastrophe. 9-10;
Fondo, 6; Free Lance, 5; Sir Kingston, 12.
SO42. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $3."0.
Ir.dex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. >.j. Str. Fin.
2014 Artena. 107 Thorpe 4 3 2 lh 1 »i
197S Qu!bo. 107 Bergen 3 6 4 2 >i 2 U,
2<>0! Klnsstelle. 107..\Veddstd 3 1 * 3 1 3 2
K.ff) Slsenvir.e, 104. ..O'Connor 2 2 4 42 4 3
i:*l Illllouon. Vi Miller fi 6 2 f. 2 8 2
197s Commuter. 107 Burns I 4 lj 6! * 4
ECU Carlcvignlan. 104.Rcdfern 7 7 7 7
Time— ¦>¦ . :ZZ\; '*. :4S; »i. 1:14^4. Good •tart.
Won first three driving. Winner, E. CorriRan'n
b. r. by Artillery-Little Casino. Qulbo bMt;
would have won if Bergen had not gone to the
fcat. Artena well ridden. Klnpptelle ran his
race. Illllouon away off her stride. Scratched
— Introduclor 112.
IJpttlng— Artena. 6-5; Qullwi. 20: Klngstelie.
12; Slwnrine, 3: Illilouon, 16-5; Commutei, 20;
Carlovlgnian, 100.
2041. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
tandlcaij; three- year-olds and up; purse, J6S0.
Irriex; Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %i Str. Fin.
HAS Formero, 5, 101. ...Miller 3 11 1 >i 1 14
(194r,)F!orizar. 4. ill Burns 2 2 1 2 1 2\
[ltt<)Ad. Guard. 4, 122. 0" Con 4 4 3 Hi 3 3
(13S1) Autumn, ;.. Ill See 1 3 h 4 4
Time— 1-J6. :07>4; M. :23% ; tj, : ;4; »4, 1:19;
mile, l:44 ! ,i; 1 1-lGm. l:5l>i. CiorA start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner.
O. P. Romlch's ch. h. by Imp. Conveth-For-
Tisa. A falsely run race. Slow pace enabled
Formero to loaf along- in- front, and he had as
rriuch left as the balance to finish with.
Scratched— Tuthill 107. Gonfalon 1CS.
BettinK— Formero, 10: Florizar, 7-2; Advance
Guard, 7-10; Autumn, 5.
I5ettlns— Dangreroue Maid, 15: Handlcapper,
.': Isallne, 7-3; Kitty Kelly. 5; Donator, 60; St.
Cuthbert. 16-3. /
SO4O. THIRD RACK— Six and a hnlf fur
lcrRi=; selling; lour-year-olds and up; puree,
$400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2005 DaiiK. Maid. 4, ]04.\Vedd 3 14 2 1 I h
2MG H'dcapper, 4. 10S..OCon 2 3 2 1 h 2 H
2iM7 Isaline. 4, 106 Burns 1 4 2 4 2 3 2
(!9>2)Klt. Kelly, 4. »9. ..Miller 4 2 Vi * 1 4 2
li-CT Oonatcr. 6. 9T Bell 5 6 5 153
l'.-Sl St. Cuthbert, S, 94.Murph 6 5 3 6 6
Time— 1-16. :06=ti; 5-16. :30; 9-16, :54Vi; 64f.
1:21. Fair start. Won firrt three driving.
Winner. S. W. Street's ch. m. by St. Leonards-
Hand Maid. Wedderttrand rode a perfect race
Oil winner, saving her 'through . the stretch.
Isnlir.e away rather poorljT St. Cuthbert has
Sine back badly. Handlcapper ran a good.
liir.M. SECOND RACE-Mlle and an eighth:
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $100.
Ir.dex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vi- Str. Fin.
2CC6 Wyoming, a. 106.0'Conn 3 3 h 2 'i 1 1«J
5017 Ow*nsboro, 4. 103.. Burns 1 1 »i 1 1 2 4
<2CO6)The I'h'n'on, 6. 107.Thrp 2 2 1 3 3 3 h
li'34 Topmast, a. 106 Sec 4 4 4 .4
TImc-H, :13U; "4, :26i4; H. :52»i: %, 1:18;
mile. I:i3\i: \Sim, 1:56. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
J. ¦ G. Brown"* b. g. by Pardee-Capriee.
Wyomir.s best. Owensboro ran his race. The
Phoenician went to the post sore.
BFttinp— Wyoming. 3-5; Owensboro, 2; The
Phoenician. 11-5; Topmast, 12.
Index. Horse. AVt, Jockey. St. »4. Str. Fin.
2005 <3cnfalon. 4. 109..O'Conn 2 4 4 4 S In
33S1 Specific, 4, Hi Burns 1 2 h m 21
2015 Edlnb'gh, 4, 119. .Turner 3 12 2 1 3 h
2005 Pad Sam. 3. M.Weddstd 4 3 2 3 Vj 4 25
2C14 Singer. 3, 92 Yancey 5 5 5 5
Time— \i. :21; *i. :35«;; *J. 1:01. Fair start.
¦Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, S. C. HUdreth's ch. h. by Fonso-
I'alerna. A very strong wind blowing down
etretch. Gonfalon much the best; he was
away flat-footed. Edlnborougrh got off flying;
h^ pulled up lame. Sad Sam weakly ridden.
Specific ran to form.
Betting— Gonfalon. 6-3; Specific 16-5; Edln
borough. S: Sad Sara, 7-2; Singer, 100.
TANFORATT PARK— Thursday, March
7. 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
i:o:{,K. FIRST RACE-rive furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
It Will Be Known as the Drexel, and if Six Stories in Height
Will Contain Seventy Separate Suites— The Style
of Architecture Is to Be French Renaissance
Members Declare in Resolutions That
They Are Not Antagonistic to
the National Livestock
Association.
. ¦
• ; — . '
DENVER, March 7.— The organization
of the American Cattle Growers' Associa
tion was completed to-day. The constitu
tion a? adopted permits men engaged in
raising both cattle and sheep to become
members provided cattle raising is their
paramount Industry. Denver was made
the headquarters for the association.
The basis of representation is by indi
vidual membership, in nerson or by proxy.
Each member pays an initiation fee of $5.
There may also be levied a tax of one
cent a head on all, cattle owned by each
member of the association. Officers were
elected to-day as follows: President, F.
C. Lusk, California; first vice president,
F. C. Goudy, Colorado: second vice presi
dent, M. K. Parsons, Utah; treasurer, F.
A. Keener, Colorado. H. H. Robinson of
Colorado was elected member-at-large of
the executive committee in recognition of
his services in organizing the association.
The secretary will be chosen by the ex
ecutive committee.
The resolutions proposed by Colonel
John P. Irish of California advocating the
leasing of the public ranges by the Govern
ment were adopted after a prolonged dis
cussion, about three-fourths of the dele
gatos voting for them. Resolutions were
adopted opposing the Grout" oleomarga
rine bill. and approving the action of the
Bureau of Animal Industry in furnishing
vaccine to stockmen. The following reso
lution, offered by Paul McCormick of Ne
braska, was unanimously adopted:
Whereas. In some unfortunate manner the
Uea has been promulgated that the members
of this asbociutlon are antagonistic to the Na
tional Livestock Association and that the
American Cattle Growers was organized
largely for the purpose of drawing sup
port from the National Association; and
whereas, a number of the members of this
association are members of the National As
sociation and some of the officers of this as
rociatlon are also officers of the Xatlonrfl As
sociation and are serving in both organisa
tions, believing that both are occupying sepa
rate and distinct fields of usefulness in the
livestock world: and whereas, the National
Livestock Association has recently secured a
sreat victory In the defeat of the iniquitous
Grout bill, which. If it had become a law.
¦would have denrived the cattlemen - of this
country of over $20,000,000 every year; and
v.hereas, it is the intention of this association
t> uphold the Rood work being done by the
National Association and all reports to the
c< ntrary. are unfounded and not based upon
the facts. Therefore,
Resolved. That the members of the American
Cattle Growers' Association, in convention as
sembled, extend greetings to the National Live
stock Association and our congratulations to
the officers of said association in their sUp
cess In defeating the Grout bill, and the ex
ecutive committee of this association Is In
structed that if, in its judgment, it is prac
ticable for this association to be enrolled as
a member of the National Livestock Associa
tion the committee be and is hereby authorized
ti take the necessary action to accomplish this
result.
The convention adjourned sine die this
afternoon.
Final \ Work of th« Organi
zation Completed at the
Denver Convention.
CATTLE OWNERS
FIRMLY UNITED
FORMERO BEATS ADVANCE GUARD
IN A SURPRISINGLY SLOW RACE
PLANS FOR SPLENDID APARTMENT
BUILDING HAVE BEEN COMPLETED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901.
The sugar cane grows from six to twen
ty feet high. MjHttilniiraiyiiltililS!
At a meeting of the Shlnelers" Union
last night at 1139 Mission street the follow
ing named officers were elected: President,
B. B. McGrath;: vice president, William
Kurlbaum; secretary, Fred Brooks; finan
cial ; secretary, : John ¦¦Baldwin: treasurer,
John Tiemey. . The roll -showed four addi
tional new\< members;; who; were, admitted.
The regular weekly meetings of the union
will bo held on Friday evenings in future.'
4
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
<ti ; —i2^ About the - first thing the
Then, "Let's see your tongue."
Because bad tongue and bad
luf^^^^MM IT? s .° 'r^u csu!ate
I \MWum'wJ^W W the bowels, clean up the tongue.
IS 1? Wc a!l know that this is the wa y
I / to keep and look. well.
Ss healthy and regular with purges
or bird-shot 1 pills.- ' They move
--^^ ::^^^^^^4i\^l\ l M y° u awful gripes, then I
T^^^^^fvtf/y " YvlU lIS Wv/lwtS II lull • yVvl • < ¦
Now what you want is Cascarcts. Go and get them today-Cascarets-in metal box-
cost 10c. TaKe one! Eat it. like candy,. and it will work gently-while you sleep. It cures,
that means it strengthens the muscular walls of the bowels, gives them new" life. Then they
act regularly and naturally. That's what you want R's guaranteed to be found in
:^^^B|^ THE TONIC LAXATIVE
all druggists. ¦ *" "" " |W *^^ SOLD IN BULK.
- AI HIP air bowel trouble* appendicitis, bll- Oil II f* A MTmi 2»? 2IYgL£ *S
I ¦ 1 1 tl L iousness, bad breath, bad blood, wind I || |j R 111 1 g. L J B Jyf % fl w». °?w. Sowltl.
UUHBC °" "V ?*°»nac!,, bloated bowels, foul II Bj H 3B 14 3l ClSJ o£r 7lx million bo«i a
W V lib mouih, headache, lndieeatlon, pimples, VVIlll6lllllsjkil# Z tnr , greater tkan any '
'¦ pains after eatlnc, liver trouble, sallow complexion similar medlelae la the world. TbU taabaolnto proof of
' ' and dizziness. When your bowel* don't move r*SU- . vreat merit, and mr beat testimonial. W« hare fulth and
larly you are getting sick. Constipation Ulll« more win «eii cascakets •*"f lut^£«E£ r^f i .1? H^l^r^Z
.un^rtnc that come afterward..^ No roaWrwhat ¦ b^S d^,£K »2;"toS. % e^U^ t?«%^rt fr.» .
alls you, Start taking OASCARETS to-day* for you whom yon parekaMd It. and set your money back for both
¦ <vrlll never get well, and be /well all the time until boxes. T»k«o«r«dTie»-»«m»n«rwii«i«u«To»-«urtto-
yon put your bowels right. Take our advice; »tart «•»*•.. HcmU * ' rtI I* ale HT.^i 1 5r : wiA-£ w< i«Il 1 il5iSS l| Ki**?7
with CAscviiHTS to-day, under an absolute guv- fSJ^Vm^^mmr^m^O?wSL^cmc^^'
autce to euro or money refunded. - • uo Aadrets* hrtULJOU IitXEDI 10., .itn luua. or UULAUU.Steamships That Arrived.
The. Toyo Kisen Kaisha's America
Mrfru arrived yesterday from the Orient,
via Honolulu, a day ahead of time. She
made the run from Hongkong fa 2? days.
5 hours. 53 minutes; from Yokohama In 16
days, 11 hours, 31 minutes, and from Hono
lulu In o days, 20 hours. 9 minutes. There
was considerable trouble while attempts
were being ma.le to dock the steamship.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the . left
hand column arid the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to ! time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus* (-)r sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of ; reference
is the mean of. the lower low waters.
United ' States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
: Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five -minutes- later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Bids for Official Printing.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committees
recommended yesterday that the bids of
TO ARRIVE
Notice Is hereby given that the Mare Island
Strait shoal beacon,. a three-pile structure sur
mounted by a fixed wlilsc lantern light, mark-
For Korea— 916 pes • railroad material, 6 cs
hardware, 28 pkgs machinery, 34 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 4 cs paints and oils, 9 pkgs
household goods.
For Vladivostok— 2023 lbs hams, 6343 lbs nuts.
¦ - . ? . .
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABLO BAY, CALIFORNIA.
¦ For Manila— 24 crs bicycles and sundries. 9S0
csks .bottled beer, 100 cs canned goods. 7 cs
electrical supplies. 500 bbls flour. 123 pkgs gro
ceries ,' and provisions. 64,258 lbs malt, 74 cs
hardware, CO cs liquors, SS bxs lemons, 50 cs
photograph goods, 9000 crs potatoes, £636 gala
spirits, . 251 cs stationery. 23 cs typewriters.
1627 cs whisky. 104 gala 200 cs wine.
For East Indies — <3 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 33 eks seaweed. £67 cs canned goods,
G99 cb salmon, 2115 Xbs dried fruit, 10 pkgs ma
chinery. BEWM8pa>gq' ; . ¦¦-..•.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$I63,C?3, manifested m follows: For China,
J75.210: for Japan, J11S.9S9; for Manila, $5S,710;
for Kast Indies, $3721; for Korea, $3628; for
Vladivostok, $795. The following- were the prin
cipal exports:
For China — I'M Tbn' butter. 4983 lbs beans.
3460 lbs cheese. 6D3 cs canned goods, 619 lbs
dried fruit, 3S cs drugs, 44SS bbls flour, 1071
ikes groceries and provisions, 25,543 lbs ham
and bacon. 250 bales dry goods, 13 csks 3 bbls
Klnsemr, 42 en liquors. £77 pigs lead. 600 tbn
lard. 35 bxs lemons. 3? cs machinery,- SOS lbs
nuts'. 2900 lbs pearl, barley.. 31 pks»
Roods, 16 cs typewriters, 20 cs salmon, 13J9
gals wine. 100 cs whlsl.-y.
, For Japan — 35 pkgs agricultural Implements,
1C40 gals bottled beer. !•" crs blcycfes and sun
dries,- 500 , bales 500 half-bales cotton. 1642 cs
canned goods, 7429 .lbs. cheese, 'J2t»2 lbs coffee,
3200 lbs dried fruit, 14 cs drugs. 1750, bbls flour,
SIS pkfrs j groceries and provisions. 207 rolls
leather, 22 en liquors. 47.080 lbs, malt.' SO pkgs
machinery. 5500 kegs i.ails. 500 ke^s wire shorts.
B0 bbls oak extract. 301 cs soap. 70,000 lbs salt.
C022 lbs tea, .0 pkgs ralMne, 1020 gals wine, 23
cs watches and movements. - 105 cs whisky.
Large Cargo for the Orient.
The steamer t"matilla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a cargo of merchandise valued
at $3S15, including the following: 4 cs arms
nnd ammunition. CC9 lbs cheese, 9109 lbs beans,
85C3 JTb butter. 30 cs canned goods, 20 tons coal,
1000 rbs dried fruit, 40 cs egsst. 15 cyls gas.
242 pkgs groceries and provisions. 10 cs house
hold uoods, 9 crs incubators, 73 bxs paste, 6<S5
lbs malt. 12 pkgs harness and saddlery, 10S0
lbs mlllftuffs. 23 bxs lemons. 10 cs olive oil,
233 bxs oranges, !> crs vegetables. 100 gals wine.
13,000 lbs sugar. 40.0CO Itis salt. 25 tins matches.
?
Merchandise for Victoria.
Shipping Merchants.
Tire Hougomont will load wheat at this port
for Europe, 38s 8d; the Sierra Cordova, wheat
at Portland for Kurope, 43s 9d. prior to ar
rival: the James Johnson, lumber at Tacoma
for Sydney. 52s 6d. Melbourne or Adelaide 60s;
the British steamer Palatlnla, lumber at
Everett for China.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAJT.
The Spreckels tug Defiance, formerly
the L. Luckenbach. goes to San Diego to
day to tow the dismasted German ship
Otto Gildermeister to this port.
L. Raudier, a cook in the lodging-house
at 19 Drumm street, was badly Iniured by
one of the boarders yesterday. The soup
was not very good and the boarder and
cook had an altercation over it. Finally
the boarder, losing all self-control,
smashed the heavy soup plate on Rau
dier'fi face. At the Harbor Receiving
Hospital Dre. von der Leith and Bauer
found that not only was the cook's cheek
badly lacerated, but the cheekbone was
broken. •
Three new four-masted schooners for
the coast trade are nearlng completion.
One of them will be named the Mlndoro
and soother the El Dorado, while the
third Is to be named the Kona. The Min
doro and the El Dorado are for Sanders &
Klrchman. while the Kona is for Hind,
Rolph & Co.
A handsome flfteen-ton launch for the
Alaska Packers' Association is to be
launched to-day at North Beach. She
is to be named Odiak and is for useal
the canneries. She will be taken north
on the deck of one of the company's fleer.
"Water Front Notes.
The boy worked in the store till March
1. nearly three months after t'.ie burglary,
and it was no secret that he ¦was comirisr
to this city to look for a Job. He makes
serious charges against his uncle and de
nies that he commit red the burglary or
took anything that aid not belong to him.
He and Karl Wllcox. an older boy whoaw
parents also live in Tulare. started off
together and went to. Stockton, where ho
sold. It Is alleged, «sveral watches. This
he denies, saying thi.t he only sold a sil
ver one that was his own property. When
he and "Wilcox arrived here last Sunday
they registered at ine Bonanza lodging
hotlse on Market street and Wilcox next
morning stole Vaughn's watch and chain
and decamped. Vaughn secured % war
rant for Wilcox's arrest that day.
Leo Vaughn, a freckle-faced boy 17
years of age, was arrested Wednes
day by Detectives Anthony and Rior
dan arid booked at the City Prison en
route to Tulare on a charge of burglary-
He Is accused of breaking Into the store
of his uncle. Z. F. Vaughn, a Jeweler at
Tulare. on December 13 last and stealing
about $1200 worth of jewelry- He wai
later taken to Tulare by Constable Nantz
of that city.
lare. Is Arrested in This
City.
Leo Vaughn, a Boy Wanted in Tu-
ACCUSED OP BOBBING
HIS TTNCLE'S STOHS
The train is to run special and will leave
San Francisco at 7 p. m.. arrive at Bak
ersfield about 7 the following* morning, and
then be divided up to accommodate those
who want to visit either of the principal
oil centers. McKittrlck or Oil City, to both
of which a special round trip rate of a
fare and a third has been made. The par
ty will return to the city early Monday
morninp. Wm. H. Menton. excursion pa«
senprer agrent, will have charge. Don't
delay making reservations a minute longer
than necessary.
A brief stroll around the Oil Exchansr?
and elsewhere among oil brokers •will
demonstrate beyond a doubt the Interest
In oil Is simply tremendous, and that is
putting It mildly. What is more, it Is in
creasing: from day to day. till the infec
tion has spread into and beyond the busi
ness classes. And the dfsire is general to
see the real thins— nee the oil just as It
comes from the bosom of the earth.
Assistant (General Passenger Agrent
Judah of # thQ Southern Pacific, who Is
'directing "the details of the excursion to
Bakersfleld qn Saturday next, states that
the prospects are fair for a Rood turnout,
and the arrangements are so complete
that tho party cannot fall to have a suc
cessful trip.
What All This Oil Excite
ment Is About.
WILL SEE FOR
THEMSELVES
For Honolulu— Miss L. Anderson. H. Ashley
and wile Miss Ashley, J. T. Ashworth. L. \V.
Atkins, Joseph Ayior. J. B. Bartnett and wife.
It C. Barr, Dr. L. Barth and wife, c. U-cker,
L' G. Bees. Dr. J. L. Benebe and wife. D.
Henebe Mrs. M. L. Bettis. F. W. Black. J.
ttlack. 'Miss M. B'.ackman. J. Blakely, l>r. F.
N Bonln*. J. R. Uordeaux. >%'. AV. Branch
and wife. J. F. Brown and »lfe,
Dr J W. Brown. Dr. O. C. Bunt
ins J. S. Caldwell. Mrs. T. M. Callahan. D.
K. Campbell. J. C Campbell and wife. Miss
Campbell. R- F. Carr, Mrs. Ed Cha«c. G.
*"hiera and wife. Charles Chlpman and wife.
it M Clark, Miss- M. Clark. James Clyne.
Miss T. Clyne, A. J. Coffee. D. L. Cornwall
and wife, L". J. Cotton, B. Cramer, J. F.
Crater and wife. H. A. Crawford, Miss A.
'"rawford .1. K. Crowfit and wife. Mr. Cun
ningham. W. H. Curri*>r and wife. J. S. Cur
tit- n. L. Deivey. Mrs. J. Dickinw>n. G. C.
Diefenderfer and wife, C. V. Dykeman and
wife. F. O. Evans and wife. Samuel Kelt and
wife. James Fennell. Master Fennell. C. E.
Kink. J. J. Fifher. J. L. Fuller. T. K. Gar
ratt. S. K. Getrhell. E. Gilbert. G. A. Gre^p.
Miss L. Haa*. l»r. T. S. Hacker. A. Halllday.
D. D. Hanover. J. C. Herkn^r, L. C. Hill and
wife, J. D. Ifolsman. J. H. Howard
and wife. ¦ H. Howell. A. Hromada
and wife. C. A. Hungerford and wife,
W. fi. P. Jacobs. N. J. Johnson. S.
Johnson. Mrs. <S. P. Jon»s. Mrs. M. E. Jones,
A. W. Judd, C. O. Judd, W. Karch, I*. Ket
terirs and wife, Mr. King, F. Vl Knause, G.
F. Kulils, Miss C. Kuhls. J. B. Larnbie and
wife. 1). W. Lawrence. R. T. Lees, F. W.
Lewi* and wife. H. \V. Lombard. K. A. Lott,
Mrs. f. S. Lott. J. Lowell. Miss E. M. l^owell.
K. W. Lyle. W. II. McGregor. A. W. Miller.
Mrs. J. F. Moore, J. C. Moore, A. E. Morey
and wife. A. Morrison. Lewis Mov
riecn. J- Mowat. L. G. Neville. J.
H Palin. Et. C Parry. S. S. Patten.
L T. Peck and wife. George II. Perry,
Miss C. Perry. O. F. Peterson. W- F. Peter
son and wife. S. R. Phelris and wife, T. 1.
Phelps and wife. C. C. Phllbrick. Mrs. A. H.
Plcken! 1 . F. T. Pritchard and wife. Mrs. C. V.
Purcell. C. B. Quieley and wife. J. M. Ray
mond G. X. Iteichard and wife. Mrs. A.
Peiohard. S. G. Reynolds. Mrs. W. G. Rogers.
L Rosenthal. J. B. Rot?. B. W. Rowell. G.
St'hofield. W. A. SchrelbT and v.lfe. H. Set
zer Jr . C. L. Sherwood. J. L. M. Shetterly and
wife R. D. Pllllman. O. F. Sinclair and wife,
Mir*' C 1*. Smith. E. Smith.. M. Smith, A. C.
Snr ; nR K. H. Stafford, X. A. Stoddard. J. M.
Ftovcr'and wife. T. W. Strahan and wife. Ml^s
N Btrahan. Dr. I. A. Thompson. E. W.
Turker H G. Van Court, Dr. E. Van Slyke,
B E Vau«bn and wife. John Waddell and
wife 'Dr T. A. Wagner. Master Wajrner. J.-A.
wilcott F. Walsen and wife. E. M. Walsh.
Colnnel T. B. Warren and wife. Mies Warren,
JH Watson. William Went and wife. w. A.
Whitman and wife. T. J. Winkler. L. B.
IV n K Sr H F Wood and wife. L. E. Wood,
?. fTwrlehtT Misa H. Wright and Miss M. A.
Fci- e 'Auckland— J. G. Black.
Fcr Svdney-H. F. Band and wife. O. P.
Barter and wife. Miss A. E. Barber^ Mis, I.
lilrber Miss J. M. Barber. L. Barber. R. F.
11 Bakon B Berthald and wife. Mis, E.
Bishop, C. E. Booth. Mr. -Deerinsr. E. C. Drum.
L. C. Gordon, G. B. Hopper. M. Lemcke P.
Moore T. G. NicVlln. Miss Robinson. F. Ron
ln« and wife. L. Samun. A. E. Savage, J. M.
Sinclair. Mrs. M. Soule. A. O. Stevenson. C.
E. Wheelwright and H. Wood.
To Join at Honolulu for Sydney— Madame A.
Dolores. E. K. Llndsey, R. Newell ar.d Madame
Vaudcr.
ssnger List. x
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra pot away for Sydney, via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland, last night. She
was to have sailed Wednesday, but the
English-Australian mail arrived a day
late in New York, so the sailing of. the
mall boat was put off until 2 P- m. yes
terday Next the trains got behind time
and it was S p. m. before the Sierra got
a»av She i? in first-rate trim and e*'ery
bodv aboard expects her to overcome the
Coptic's seven-hour lead and beat her inu
The Sierra takes away the greatest num
ber of passengers that have ever left this
port for Honolulu on a regular steamship.
There are aboard 220 cabin passengers and
fifty-three steerage. Of those in the
cabin, 172 are Mystic Shriners, making a
pilgrimage to the Paradise of the Pacific.
Those who sailed on the Sierra are:
EIERRA SAILS TOE SYDNEY.
Eas Record-Breaking Honolulu Pas-
H. L. GrljRB. Mrs. H. L. Grigs*. Miss E.
Howard W B. Jone«. J. L. Smith. Mrs. J.
I! Srr.ith. W. H. Slemner. Mrs. W. D Thomp-
Bon. Miss A. E. Ward cr.d Miss M. "« ard.
E Hongkong^\' M. AbVott. Henrj" Ames. Mrs.
Ken-y Ani^s. R. J. BreHzmann Jr., Mrs. S. G.
Burnham and mai<l. Cjmmander J. J. Cogi
well Mrs. I»ttle R. Downs. A. C- Harrison
Jr Dr H. M. Hiller. James Hojrs. Mrs. James
flOKK Miss Mabel llotss. Commander R. R.
Iniserso'.l. W. B. Pow.'ll. H. A. SanKer. -N. M.
Smith. Mrs. X. M. Smith. Mrs »\ L. Manley.
Corr.miir.ier W. fcwlft. K. C. Thurston. W. W,
Thurston. P. A. Williams and Mrs. H. L.
Womersley.
The following named -win join the Coptic
at Honolulu:
dren. B. Rsv. W. A P. Martin,
Mrs. M. Montell. MM. S. MonteM. O. H. Mc-
Kcy. M. RoEi«r. Miss Minnie Stryker and Miss
Steamer Movements.
XEW YORK — Sailed March 7— Stmr La Bre
tagne. for Havre; stmr Karlsruhe, for Bremen.
LONDON— Sailed March 7— Stmr Menomlnje.
for New York. _ ,
BREMEN— Arrived March 7-Stmr Trier,
from New York : stmr Latin, from New York,
via Southampton.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 7— Stmr Isew
England, from Bston, for Liverpool.
Sailed March 7— Stmr Majestic, from New
York, for Liverpool: stmr Waesland. from
Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
ST V1NCEXT, C V— Sailed March 7— Stmr
Hvson, from Tacoma. for Naples.
GLASGOW— Sailed March 7-Stmr Corinthian,
for Philadelphia."
GIBRALTAR— Sailed March 7— Stmr Kalserln
Maria Theresa, from Genoa and Narles, for
New York. ..
OCEAN STEAMERS
PISAGUA-Salled Jan 2S-Br ship Aigburth,
for Victoria. ¦
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived March 6— Baik
Reaper, from Port Plrie.
VICTORIA— Arrived March 7— Stmr Cottage
Citr. from Alaska.
KOBE— Sailed March 1-Nor stmr Universe,
for Astoria. Or.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived March 5— Stmr Alllanca
from New York.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March . 6— Br ship
Dechmont, from Oregon: Fr bark La Ftmtalne
from Orecon.
Sailed: March 6— Fr bark Anjou, for /North
Shields. " ¦ .-:
HIOC5O— Sailed Jan 30— Br ship County of
Llnllthgow. for Oregon. ..
- .IQUIQUK— Sailed- Jan 29— Br bark Cratglsla
for Oregon. \ Feb . 1— Br ship Kate Thomas, for
Orecon. • ., • . "~ • ~
' -NANAIMO— Arrived March 6— Stmr' Mlneolal
from Port < Los Angeles; • Nor ¦ stmr ¦ Titanla,
hence March 2. ¦¦' ' . : ,\ . . .
-.< PRAWLE .POINT— Passed March ft^Br shin
Milverton, hence Oct 9, for Queenstown. -,
Thursday, March 7.
Stmr Argo. Hughes, Coquille River.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, Coqutlle River.
Stmr Kureka, Jensen, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, Casuar.
Btmr I'matllla. Cousins. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia, .Winkle, Fort Bragg.
St'nr Santa Ana, Strand. Seattle.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
StmrXoyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg. :
Stmr Crescent City. Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney. : ,
Br ?tmr Wellington. Salmond. Chemalruii.
Br etmr- Royalist. Tlerney, Sydney.. *
Br stmr Coptic. Rlnder. Hongkong, etc.
Bark Alden Besse." Potter. Honolulu.
Schr Mary . C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr John A, Nelson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ralph J Long. Islgkeit, Mendoclno.
Schr John D Tallnnt. Hofnand. Xew What
com. -
¦Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing-
RETURNED. •
Thursday, March 7.
Bchrs Newark. John D Tallnnt and Ralph J
Long from sea. on account of strong SW wind.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONOLULU, '-March 1— Ger stmr Eva put in
here for coal, bound: from San Francisco Feb
13 for Hongkong. Vessel was driven out of her
course by a hurricane and severely us»d.
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XW. velocity 2S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WHATCOM— Sailed March 7— Stmr Rainier,
for San Pedro. ¦•¦¦ .
COOS BAY— Sailed March 6— Stmr Chico. for
Tillnmock.
Arriwd March 6— Schr Monterey, hence Feb
ruary 2S. '
SEATTLE— Sailed March 7— Stmr Newport,
for Valdez.
• Arrived Feb ' 7— Stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska. » '
Sailed March 7— Schr Fred E Sander, for San
Pedro.
SOUTH. BEN'D— Sailed March 7— Schr Azalea,
for San Pedro. .
NEAH BAY— Passed In Feb 7— Br -ship
Colllngrove. from Shanehal.
ASTORIA-Arrived March 7— Ger ship Ar
thur Fitser. from Yokohama: Swedish ship
Thessalus. from Nagasaki; Br ship Khyber,
from Shanghai. ¦
EURI7KA— Sailed March 7— Schr Alvena, for
PORT* GAM BLE-Eailed March. 7-Bktn Rob
ert Sudden, for 'Melbourne. . ;
REDONDO— Arrived March 5— Schr Mabei
Gray, 'from Eureka." v."
SAILED.
Thursday. March 7.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 47 hours from
San Dlezo, etc.
Stmr Chas D Lane. Ames. 13 days from Pa
nama.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 174 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 79 hours from
Tacoma.
Jap stmr America Maru, Goln?, 18 days &
hours 33 minutes from Hongkong;, via Yoko
hama 16 days 11 hours 31 minute?, via Hono
lulu 5 days 20 hours S3 minutes.
Barge C H Wheeler, 4 days from Tillamook,
in tow of tup Oeo R Vosber*.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 4 days from Coquille
Ktver.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, 4 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Hunting, 14 hours
from I'oint Arena.
Sohr Albion, Lareen, 4 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Xorth Bend, Jackson. 5 days from Wil
lapa Harbor. . •
Hclir Melancthon, Olsen, 5 days from 'Willapa
Harbor.
£chr Deulah, Anderson, 3>£ days from L'mp
qua River.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 7. :
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu & Sydney;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ptmr Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr San Jose, Brown. Xanalmo: P M SS Co.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ..
Au« stmr Federlca. Ivanclch. Valparaiso:
Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Hr stmr Coptic. Hinder. Honolulu and Hong
kong, via Yokohama; O & O SS.Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Chemainus;
R Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Br ship Matterhorn, Warren, Valparaiso: W
R Grace &. Co.
RATI.PD
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
ing 1 the shoal at the entrance to Mare Island
Strait. San Tablo Bay, California, waa de
stroyed by a collision Ust night and the liirht
extinguished. The bepi-on will be rebuilt and
the light re-establlshfd as soon a* practicable.
This notice affects the •'List of Lights and
For Signals, Pacific Coast. 1S01." page 16, Xo.
3?. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1901." page £5.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
: 17. SEBREE.
Commander. U. S. X., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
F. Goad, Surgeon T. Honda. I. J. N.; Surgeon
S. Iwazaki. I. J. N.J M. Katayama. W; M.
Macklnlay. .1. It. Mlkkers. Lieutenant Mord
winow, I. R. N.: Y. Nakamura. Lieutenant
Xikltln I. R. X.; Mrs. S. Phillips. S. Phillips.
Miss M. PhlHlPF. Russell Nevlns. Johns tie
Rijlip. Miss Helen Topping. Mtos . M. M.
Wheeler, Baron von Polenz and R. \oshlda.
Besides here cabin passengers the Amer
ica Maru broug-ht thirteen second cabin
and twenty-five Chinese and thirty Japan
ese steerage passenpers.
The Panama Railroad Company's char
tered steamship. Charles D. Lane, arrived
from Panama yesterday with a full carRo
of New York merchandise, but no passen
gers. The Lane will have to get a new
tailshaft and be thoroughly overhauled
before she can go out again. The rail
road people will soon have to get new
boats for the run between here and Pan
air.a. as the C. D. Lane, Roanoke and St.
Paul are all listed for the Nome trade
when the season opens.
the Post and Bulletin to do the official
printing for the next fiscal year for 31
cents and 30 cents respectively per square
be rejected and new bids be invited. Th»
committee took the stand that the bids
were too high, compared with the rate of
14 cents for tho present fiscal year. Hugh
Hume, proprietor of the Post, explained
that the rise in the price of paper and the
added expense, of hand Una: that kind of
printing warranted the increased price.
Mr. Hume further stated that the board
had done away with considerable print
ing-, which lowered the revenue and made
the old rate of It cents a losing proposi
tion.
OCEAVIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S SIERRA AND THE OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL COMPANY'S COPTIC
LEAVING FOR HONOLULU, THE SIERRA TOOK AWAY 273 PASSENGERS FOR HONOLULU, THE LARGEST
NUMBER THAT HAS EVER LEFT HERE ON A MAIL BOAT.
OFirM DISTIUBCTOB BEXTESCEjy~3*mn
T*."a'.'«fi . Uw painiT wbo was oausht delivrr
!r? oj'iura to jri«nnpr* in th»> Tlranch County
.!.¦=.•.!. was tniteneed by Jur,e» Fritz y*>st<T<lay
t.. pmjr a fir.<- r>f »^«i with th«> alternative of
f^ri ire thiny .lays in tb«> <"'>unty Jail.
THERE were busy times on the
front yesterday. More than four
hundred passengers sailed on two
mail steamships, while more than
one hundred came in on an
other. The Occidental and Oriental Com
pany's Coptic sailed at 1 p. m. for Hong
kong, via Honolulu. Yokohama. Kobe,
Nagasaki and Shanghai. She carried the
following cabin passengers:
For Yokohama-Miys A. Abonhoim. Captain
L. R. Ahlborn. Mrs. L. n. Ahlborn. N. P.
Bradbury. J- W. Tojraan. Conrad Emberger.
H. Gait. C. L. Marker. Mrs. C. I>. Harker T.
Hellyer. Mrs. T. Hellyer and servant. Mies
HellVer. Master Hellycr. A. HI Inkle, Mrs.
A H Hlnkle, Miss Frances Hinkle. Miss
Maria Teresa Hinkla. O. Kennedy. Mrs. L.
Lindsay. Miss L. L.lnJsay. Mrs S. Killip. C.
L Marlatt Mrs. C L. Marlatt, N. Masaki.
p' Okada. Frederick W- Pitcher. E. B. Pratt.
Mrs W J. RUMeU, Mlbs H. M. Scott. H. G.
Simon, Mrs. li. G. Blrof-n and Professor Taka
u Kobe— Hiss L- E. Case, Mrs. A. Gordon and
M Napas°aJkl°-E. M. Bowie, W\ B. GIHlngham
anU Rev. M. C. Harris.
Shanghai— Rev. I. J. Atwood. Captain F. A.
Blake It Cultman, Mrs. R. Coltman. and two
children. Mrs. C. F. Johnson and three chll-
The ebbtide carried her down every time
she was headed for her berth and once
she crashed into the shed and the second
time into the wharf. , Then she was an
chored in the stream and the passengers
were brought ashore on the Mlllen Grif
fiths.
The following named were the cabin
passengers:
E. Anderson. A. L. Arundel. P. H. Bilgen,
Miss Jone Clement, Captain G. W. Connor,
Mrs. G. W. Connor. Master M. Connor, Prince
Engalltscheff and valet. Rev. C H. D. Fisher.
Mrs. C. H. D. Fisher. John T. Garrison, \V.
Steamships. Sierra and Coptic Sail for Hawaiian Islands and,
Though Latter Vessel Has Start by More Than Seven
Hours, It Is Believed the Former Will . Arrive First
Aftor the Sif-ria deserted with the larg
est passenger list on rornrd at this port,
considerable excitement raped all over th<»
city by a rumor that a. s.rious disaster
had oor-urrt-1 at the entrance* to the
Golden Gai--. Invest ijrari^n showed that
rockets sent v.p by th«- Shriners from the
dfk of ih' 1 Sierra had been mistaken by
people m shore for Rfgnala of distress
and she- "n-. u-p'ip"' rif th«> "zim-zim" bot
tle w re th'.'ichi to lx> the erroans of p*>o
p> in ;•' ril. Among the passengers on th<*
Kierra »ras P.arron Berthald. the well
known operatic t. nor. whi> is proceeding:
t'. A is trails for ¦ season of prrand opera.
As the Sierra elided nut of her dock
Into the stream hundreds on shore shouted
a farewell over the water to the Shriners
and their families. Hark came a misjhty
shout. "Allah. Allah. Kismet. Kismet."
p.n<1 when th<"- steamship was lost to view
a quiet prayer was breathed by many at
tb" -lo^k that the happy band of pilgrims
mieht have a pleasant voyage and safe
return to th»»ir fnis In this broad land.
Long before the hour set for the depart
ure of .the Sierra the hosts of friends of
the Shrincrs gathered on the ship to bid
farewell to the departing pilgrims. Th-j
bf-autiful raioon of ih~ Sierra was a veri
table bower of roses and the overflow of
floral gifts was plaeei in the staterooms
Of the sons of Sala<Un.
"Kismet. Kismet." shouted the pilgrims
as they bid farewell to their friends of
th* Golden State, and huge bumpers of
•"rim-zim" were quaffed. ••Kfsmet, Kis
met." shouted the daughters of California
who had journeyed to th* water front to
bid pood-by to the departing caravan.
Supreme Potentate Lou B. Winsor led
his followers in the farewell salutations
and did himself "proud." Even the
"camel" was moved to tears when the
potentate mistook a policeman for a
"brother"! ami cave him the sign of "over
ihp hot sands."
The peculiar sounds were simply an ac
companiment to the departure of th*e band
of Mystic Shriners to the Paradise of the
Pacific to establish aii "oasis" in thd
xnldst of the deep blu« sea.
'"Kismet," "Allah be praised," "Bismil
lah," were Fome of the exclamations
heard at the Oceanic ilock and at regular
intervals one could hoar a peculiar "pop,
pop," which seemed as if corks were be
ing ejected from bottles containing liquid*
charged with a gas at high pressure.
Strange Founds wen? heard last evening
In flie vicinity tf the steamship Sierra
for an hour previous to her departure for
Honolulu ami the Antipodes.
Steamship Sierra Sails for the An
tipodes With the Largest Pas
senger List Ever Known
at This Port.
Crowds of Friends Bid Fare
well to Shriners at
Oceanic Dock.
SALADIN'S SONS
OFF FOR HAWAII
MAIL BOATS TO HAVE A BRUSH
BETWEEN HERE AND HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901.
FRIDAY. MARCH S.
5
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails.; Pier.
; ;j i.
March 8. |
St Paul Xew York via Pan 10 amjpier "7
Acme TUlamook Bay 12 m|PIer 13
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 m|PMSS
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 13 mjS.VV. 2
March 9. |
Newburg Grays Harbor S pmjPier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arcata ...Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Alliance PortM & Coos Bay 9 am j Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm|Pier !»
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 1
.March 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
3Iarch 11..
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma..il2 m Pier S
March 12. I
Fnreka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State , of Cal" P«B ct Sound Ports U am Pler 9
Male 01 V*dl.. r " D . n __, p:-_ 11
Bonita........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mnroh 1U. I
a '."V.'-iii. Tahiti 4 pm'Pier 7
Qu^l. .:::: £5?nES?d » ?«» «er u
March '14.
Columbia Astoria & 'Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier....... Seattle & N. WTiat ....... Pier 2
Steamer. I From. -.. ! Due.
: 1
Grace Dollar... I Grays Harbor JMar. 8
Newburg I Grays Harbor I Mar. S
State of Cal... iPuRet Sound Ports.... j Mar. S
"/.' alarnlla Honolulu |Mar. S
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma |Mar. 9
Santa Barbara. Humboldt |Mar. 9
Coquille River. Grays Haruor Mar. 10
Queen San Diego Mar. 10
Benlta Newport Mar, W
Australia Tahiti Mar. 10
Kvarven Japan via San Diego... Mar. 10
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 10
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria..) Mar. 11
Chico Tlllamook Hay Mar. 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 12
Hyades... Seattle Mar. 12
Leelanaw. Seattle !Mar. i:
Robt. Dollar... Sfattle |Mar. 12
Tltania Nanaimo |Mar. 12
Pomona Humboldt |Mar. 12
Newport! Panama & Way Ports. |Mar. 12
Arcata Coos Bay ....'. Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Marlposa Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 1"
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego | Mar. 14
Sun rises ..' .* — .....6:31
Sun Bets «'1Z"'£-
Moon rises .: ....:... 9:30 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? II W L..W H \V L W
"i 1:1" 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.5 7:11 1.8
9 " " 1:42 5.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
10 2-06 5.1 S:47 1.0 -3:38 4.0 i:Zi • 2.6
11 :¦**" 2 : 43 fi.O 9:40 0.9 4:43 3.9 9:11 2.9
12'"" 3:26 5.0 10M0 0.S 5:57 4.0 10:121 3.1
13 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:311 3.2
n" ; 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4| [.:...
Sun rises ..' .* — .....6:31
Sun Bets «'1Z"'£-
Moon rises .: ....:... 9:30 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? II W L..W H \V L W
"i 1:1" 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.5 7:11 1.8
9 " " 1:42 5.2 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
10 2-06 5.1 S:47 1.0 -3:38 4.0 i:Zi • 2.6
11 :¦**" 2 : 43 fi.O 9:40 0.9 4:43 3.9 9:11 2.9
12'"" 3:26 5.0 10M0 0.S 5:57 4.0 10:121 3.1
13 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:311 3.2
n" ; 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4| [.:...
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails.; Pier.
; ;j i.
March 8. |
St Paul Xew York via Pan 10 amjpier "7
Acme TUlamook Bay 12 m|PIer 13
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 m|PMSS
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 13 mjS.VV. 2
March 9. |
Newburg Grays Harbor S pmjPier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arcata ...Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Alliance PortM & Coos Bay 9 am j Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm|Pier !»
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 1
.March 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
3Iarch 11..
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma..il2 m Pier S
March 12. I
Fnreka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State , of Cal" P«B ct Sound Ports U am Pler 9
Male 01 V*dl.. r " D . n __, p:-_ 11
Bonita........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mnroh 1U. I
a '."V.'-iii. Tahiti 4 pm'Pier 7
Qu^l. .:::: £5?nES?d » ?«» «er u
March '14.
Columbia Astoria & 'Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier....... Seattle & N. WTiat ....... Pier 2
Steamer. I From. -.. ! Due.
: 1
Grace Dollar... I Grays Harbor JMar. 8
Newburg I Grays Harbor I Mar. S
State of Cal... iPuRet Sound Ports.... j Mar. S
"/.' alarnlla Honolulu |Mar. S
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma |Mar. 9
Santa Barbara. Humboldt |Mar. 9
Coquille River. Grays Haruor Mar. 10
Queen San Diego Mar. 10
Benlta Newport Mar, W
Australia Tahiti Mar. 10
Kvarven Japan via San Diego... Mar. 10
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 10
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria..) Mar. 11
Chico Tlllamook Hay Mar. 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 12
Hyades... Seattle Mar. 12
Leelanaw. Seattle !Mar. i:
Robt. Dollar... Sfattle |Mar. 12
Tltania Nanaimo |Mar. 12
Pomona Humboldt |Mar. 12
Newport! Panama & Way Ports. |Mar. 12
Arcata Coos Bay ....'. Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Marlposa Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 1"
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego | Mar. 14
c— • -^ ? •
the mm
1^^ CALL
a <
g = SlrangcAdvcnturcs ij
I of Colonel Travis. j
O ~~~~~~~~Z By Sarah Comstack. "<
a — ¦ • ¦ i
o — The Greatest Tragedy of the :j
S Ccmstock Mines. !
g By Gzotge R. Veils. : v j
O — IT LEADS ZZ „ , ,^1 . , j n ZZ ALVAYS Z!<
|E them all— How- to Prevent and Cure —the best = J
o- Baldness. — -
S- v B 7 Dr E E McLean. !
Q. — ¦ 1
g San Rafael's Artistic Homes. ¦
O -~ — ; ¦ . • '
ft California's Curio Industry. == ;
a . By Jose de Olivarcs. (
¦ ¦ '
g Mrs. Leslie Carter and Her — ;
g. Portable Dressing Room. ——r\
jl - By Anne Pago ;
4^~" ~~~ '-¦'— I ' ._ ™«- j
g How to -Acquire Beauty and ;
• — - How to Retain It = ;
a ' . By Gus'ave Michel, M. D- !
% ~~ LooK Out for Peck's Bad Boy. - ' = ;
¦ft , . - ¦ - . ¦. .¦ . i
.•• . Books, Fiction, Fashions, i ;
£ :..-.— Pead the Troubles ol Bowser. ¦ = l
•_ _ _ 1— — L______ __ _4 ! •
•••••^•^••••••••^••••••••••••••••••••••••e
Opening— -Keith's— Opening
To-day. at Keith's. Promenade. all. > •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRrToF™TsTOMACH.
A Fieasar.t. Simple, but Safe and Ef-
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considrred th*> next thir.p to incurable.
The usual syrnptorns arc a fu!I or Moating-
pensation aftpr arrorripanied some-
Tiin*! 5 with sour or watery ri=!ng-F, a for-
maTion of pases, causinc pressure on the |
heart and lungs and difficult breathing. 1
heada'-hrs. ?'ckl<? app^t!t<>. nervousness
and a cer.<?ral playod out. languid feeling. I
Th^re is «->ften a foul taste in the mouth, j
coatM tongi:' 1 and if th«» interior of the ]
etoTTiach cou'.d be t-ren it would show a
filmy, inflamed condition.
Th» cure for this common and obstinate
¦trouble is found in a. treatment which
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment and
Irritate the delicate mucous surfaces of
the stomach. To secure a prompt and
healthy dicestioa I« the one necessary
thing- to do and when normal digestion is
f^curf-d the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared.
According: to Dr. Harlanson the safest
pnd be^t treatment is to use after each
rr.'-al a Uiblr>t, composed of Diastase.
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux. Golden Seal
r.nd tmit adds. These tablets can now
Vie found at all drug stores under the
name ot Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
x~.ot r^inpr a patent medicine, cati be used
perfect safety nnd assurance that
h^a'-thy appetite and thorough digestion
will follow their regular use after meals
Mr. N. J. Booher. Chicapo. HI., writes:
"Catarrh i? a loc«l condition resulting-
from a negjoctr-d cold in the head, where-
by the lining membrane vt the nose be-
C'i:nes inflamed and the poisonous dis-
rhar?<» therefrom passir.fj backward into
the throat reaches the stomach, thus pro-
<J'.:ci:i^ oatarrh of the stomach. Medical
authorities prescribed for me for three
yean- fnr catarrh of stomach without
riir<\ but to-day I am the happiest of men
nf;»r usinff one box of Stuart's
Pytpgprta Tablets. I cannot Iind appro-
pri-.jte words to express my good feeling.
1 bar* found flesh, appetite and sound
rest Crotn their use."
ftuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
preparation as well as the simplest and
most convenient remedy for any form of
ir.digcstion. catarrh of stomach, bilious-
r.rss. sour stomach, licartburn and bloat-
lnr after meals.
f^end for little book, mailed free, on
F'rmach troubles, by addressing K A.
Stuart *'o.. Marshall. Mich. The tablets
r:-n ho found at all drug stores«.
ta. WONG VTOO TEA AKD EERB BiSITARIDX.
T64-T68 CLAT STREET.
1 S^V K »" Krandico, D«c 14, WTO.
IdCJwn To til whom it may concern:
Jn December, 1&J9, I wait tak-
¦ sC J en eick with Black Typhoid
7JJ 9 Fever, the mo*t virulent typ«
CI^I known to medical science. I
\.h>i hemorrh»Ke». »»-th naral
m 0*/SjbC* i ~t\'1 and Ir.fs'.ir.a!. r!eht of the
«y>T|— * e^v l»ttw orcurrin* in orr ilaj-.
'trf 7i.i.'*' x Dr. HVcTis Woo, the eminent
rftinese physician, was called, and with one
<jc«e <>t his tea stopped the flow of blood, there-
by sa.vins : ¦? life. ¦• I hfcd been ti ven up by
toy wb!te physician. ¦« well as by all my
1 rier.as TV'a* unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
w'cat VToo'b wonderful skill be saved ray life
fremthif most fatal of all fevers. Although I
was cccfined to try bed three months. wa»
nh!e to resume tny vocation In rix month*
from the time I went to bed. and now I
veirh 2^2 pounds, more than I had ever et-
t&irVd previously. I would cheerfully recom-
irrnd Dr Wong TVoo to any one In need cf a
f.'rKWla^ physician for any caus* whatsoever.
—RALPH N. I--OLKS, 215 Golden Gate ave..
Fan Francisco. CaJ.
«.• a Bl * O If a coa-pc!«cao«
m 1 V*[i' ? iT*pB*rfl>i * t\ resiedf for Gonorrhoea.
\frf\rmr. 1 11 i'_L^«ll.il <^le«t. Spermate. r ha »,
>&6J5kT T. MTj:te». uun»tar»l dij-
0&f "b\™V*i 1* ch»r«i . or »dt inC^nni*-
Rik£ coi "V-nc-.tr-. tioa, I ritation or ckcra-
ffit -f ri-rr;-i f— tioa <f nucoui mem*
r «'. Wor s^nt ia p!»in wt.f>j»,
:^rd ** **pr™»i r^pud jot
TtToMx .Aimj~ m vw. or 3 iKsttic*. 52.73.
•**j3£*~3rg^ D 1.. %l»r tent en rwjaaBi.
Weak Men and Women
SHOL'U' USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
crest Mexican remedy; elves health and
ctrecfth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
THE EMPOSITJK. ' |. TEE UMPOTLTUHL | THE EMPOEXCTBt.
*?'¦¦ ¦¦ : '--' .-V. ;./ : . r 1 -: .-/¦ ¦ -' : ' " "•' . -- '' - ' 2
i Monday, March 11th. i ||{ S^Sj^*^B||^ v t£SJST S£? & : 5
»" Millinery, Cloaks, Dressmaking and H8 ™ rfV<rfctl>fg/f>;rtt'g>g*iLc» Rayaaff. *&& graphs, on bevel mounts, dotea, •*
l-MusUnWcar.Lad^TaUoring. STORE $2.5O. , %
| Another Big Silk Sale To-Day. |
| $1.00 Silk Poplins 77c. %
J* Our silk buyer has secured another great bargain in a lot of about 1000 yards of rich, heavy, soft silk Poplins, now so jj
V much in demand. It is a good wearing quality that # will make stylish shirt waists and $:ree: costumes, v.\«*
j^> and in all n-w shades, such as old rose, gob: in, reseda, gray, lilac, turquoise, navy blue, brown, reds, ~^T f% *x
*•* ;etc. This si k is regularly sold at $1.00 per yard — on special sale Friday only * ** £
» '
j; Chamhsr Sets Misses 9 Shoes at ImOOPtant «
j: on Special Sale. Almost Half Price, oj**^.. 3
S • _^ ¦ W e p«r- r^ Th«e extra good #l#^HOff J
i* chas:d 30 iV^kJ») quality Vici Kid S
* n^ffj}^^. °~ thcse En "' JM&li sho "' cIoth ' &****** ' 5
tt much less *$-\%iffl£\ ° pS ' spr " ) S hceh, brilli*nt Liberty S«t- Y^a) * S
*£ than the XSv^3%\ l5reS i 1 }?** 0 **^ in Mcrrdeanx Rib- teS^L X
i S^^£Q~7 regular price [.^fi^^^S .* m i***a*t<F*' /$\ MC?\ -S
£ """""" them t^T-U >^^ l^w Mlc F^ and Satur " hy maattfactared » *
regularly at the special low figure $3.75 set. day only, qjj "» * complete line ¦ IM\.\ %
$ Twre "are 10 largi pieces, including a rolled per pair. . <*7OC of this teason't \^T^ \$f£&?S S
IT edge basin. For to-day only we irake ths very . — — — most desirable col- » f&b&X ~~^''j£
g t^ptingspecia'. offer of the 6 « Last TWO DayS Of for necfcwear 3 «
|: compI;t; SZ.9J Cp-Cart Sale. J*^^ G Mm $
fc" Until closing time Saturday night these ser- j 0Kt piu^j Blue» Ji O'SS* 4E
*; SyrUP JUtt 22c, «<»•»»'« ««• «~dv Go-Ca.f, manufactured by * . ' ' f/P^MW 'x
t , 1 r v - -i . the F. A. Whitney Carriage Co., that we Cardinal, Royal fs3£«k '5
% 14.4. onlv of these fine nick- A .... •, j - r~-,r~ \vt,;»- «•
K e!-pVt:d metal Svrup or __^^^ ?1^» rC ' a -' I 1 iOr , I0 ' *9 36 %T* vt ' „ & fell! 5
*: Cream Pltcbers. Th^^fFrVf^ wiU b= on .pecul sale at .... &*Z.*SO Heliotrope, Nu>. Regnlar! r gjSS^ %
S have hingei covers— N j| \\\ /J <SnafM*tl Cq/a A f 50c ayard; onspe-^Q _^ -«r\=- Jt
tf tolid handks-and ar: Ij \\\f &P3CiaB&ate OF dal sale Friday onl,^*^*? J
* very handson-eiy fin- «LLJwfaj£ welOCrOS Golfce SkUu Spring, iqoi , styles bcrw-making jk
i -In .p^l' 56 HfflH Other Groceries, by experts free of charge. I
k sale Fridav... 22c i^UiiiJJM g spec.al arrangement » - o^«^*«# c-#« %
I Ho Use rum^n, pept. with the Yelocros people n SssBinfi^as *
% The Famous ™*f ex T*? f a i k i 2 es **«****<**«»* Sh|
*>! —m « m ot their celebratea Java four-yard pieces, worth =oc each, on tn *5
ti Eg KOSaifa • and M0Cha Coffee, DUt UD sale Friday, per piece. JflCV
fc a k _. ¦- __ . ., , -li^ Brush-edge Skirt Binding, with Telveteen nn- ."
t'GMffSSSSP^^forS^Sf* m l ~*V Packages, either is h«i heading, in a good variety of colors, no *
£ vff^niotf «* ground or in the bean, buck, w«th s« . y »,, •* .p«»i »k J
£ Thtsc Cigars rink among the highest gra 'e K:y 1-1 11 11 ,. Friday on.y, yard iJ\+ Jf
K We.t Cigars that are made We will stU WhlCh Sell? regularly at ' iT~«» 3
* them tbree for 25c for two days— Friday and 2 i^C package: for tWO daVS, TtlBSB ClOCKS SSCm *
V Saturday. _ p f^^ They should be 1 1. 2 5. .©O_ J
V *m sm- *n mr* 1 * J*aTtf% these hand painted _ < l G>?i^^>» h * «r
i Golf Caps 16 g. • day, package china io -, t r One . p^^^S? 5
JC These well made, Su^ar Corn — Btst Western. ..5 ti Its 4QO Day Clocks; they are | fijB? ¦2^5$ >
J- goo.i lookinc /i^7HS^^\ Sa'mon— Pink A'as'ta 3 tins 25C 5/i inches wide, 5 **t~fai*^ "V \
%i Golf Caps f-r {S^^Er?©* Corned Beef— Rsx biand. . .2 tins 25c inches high, and H # , AJH %
*J both men and >SE^^^^^^^^ ' Whiskey— American Cub, regularly fz.zs a there b an assort- = V^^^vX *5
J» boys, in fancy /fcj^JZJejffH^ gallon, on special si!e Friday on'y . . StmSO meat of pretty deco- 3a Ss^&y^ 5 *y %
J* mixture?, paidf", Champagne Cider— Regularly 25c bottle, for rations. Juit 50 of rr&t^^ j£l J*
K blues and b'acks, that « ere trade to sell for 20o lhcs = guaranteed good y.^i^JU,/^ ,%
K and cannct be bought for les; than 25c each — Cilery Phosphate — Brown's: timekeepers will be *32— ' .J
$> wiUtesoM by the b:g store, Friday Ha'f gallora, regularly 51.25, fcr Q5c placed on special we Friday only .. qjj tJ
%' only , BOG Qi^art , ieju ariy 65c, :or SQO > J7OI? \gWhen McKinley visits San Jose the people will give
him a banquet in which prunes will *be served in
forty different ways and they will then call on him for
a certificate that the feast was fit for the gods.
For a water investigation the inquiry into the af
fairs of the Contra Costa Company has become an
exceptionally dry proceeding. Perhaps the interjee •
tion of a little legal fire might be judicious.
The sixteen-year : old b|]Ve of Washington who is
fighting for a divorce seems to possess all the neces
sary qualifications to be entered in the infant prodigy
, class in a babv show.
._..,.¦•- • . ...
EROTIC INSANITY.
WITHIN a few months thirty-five women have
been brutally butchered by men in this coun
try.
In each case the slayer professed to be in love with
the slain and killed her because the feeling was not
reciprocated. In some cases the girl had made known
to her parents that threats had been made against her
life and the man had been bound over to keep the
peace. But his bond was no restraint and he killed
her.
This erotic insanity is the most dangerous form cf
homicidal mania. >It is treated lightly by the law or
not at all. It generally appears in persons of evil
temper and uncontrolled passions, who are not de
sirable company for any self-respecting woman. It
is becoming, too common, and in default of legal pro
tection should be dealt with sternly by the male pro
tectors of women.
When these erotics are arrested for making threats
their offense, is treated all too lightly. Often the mat
ter is regarded as a joke.
Any man, who forces his disagreeable attentions
upon a woman should be isolated and held either in a
prison or an asylum. In 99 per cent of such cases the
unreciprocated infatuation ends in murder. Women
are entitled to the most complete protection against
such brutes. If the law will not furnish it there is no
other way than to kill the man who wooes a woman
by threat" of murder. If she have a male protector he
should save her life, for she is doomed unless he act
If a woman yield to the threats of such a man and
marry him to save her life she makes for herself a
lifetime of misery, for such men are perverts, degen
erates or psychopaths unfit for the conjugal associa
tion.
We do not wish to be misunderstood in these com
ments. We only say that it is the duty of a father to
save the life of his daughter, or of a brother to save
his sister.. If he arrive on the scene when such an
erotic beast is executing his threat it is hi^ duty ta
kill the wretch, and the law holds him blameless. In
view of the" fact that such threats to kill are inva
riably carried out, why is it not the.duty of a father
or brother to act in advance of the opportunity which
the erotic assassin is ceeking? '
A CHANCE TO SlIUE.
"How Is the table here? Good?" in
quired the new boarder.
"Really, I don't know." replied the
other.
"I thought you had been here for some
time?"
"So I have; but I've never seen enough
on the table to test It thoroughly. How
ever. I never heard it groan." — Philadel
phia Record.
"Ah, yes." sighed the lovelorn youth.
"I'm passionately In love with Miss Van
Fickel. I wonder if I will ever succeed in
winning her affections."
"Why not?" replied his cousin Helen. "I
know at least a half-dozen other men who
have."— Philadelphia Pres£
"This pugilist who is so anxious to meet
you — do you consider him in your class?"
The prize-fighter drew himself up to hla
full height and answered with scorn:
"I should say not! Why, he doesn't even
know how to use a typewriter."—Wash
ington Star.
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Tow nsend's.*
Eye glasses, specs, lac to 40c; look out SI
4th, front of barber shop and grocery. •
¦ ? ¦
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 514 Mont
gomery st. Telephone JIain 1041 •
Opportunities are often captured by
hustlers while lazy men are sitting on
the fence waiting for them to come along.
Cheap to Bakersflcld.
The Santa Fe will sell you a ticket to Bakers
fleld and return at the very low rata of $10.
Good to leave San Francisco March 9th. Side
rides to the Kern County oil wells at very low
ratps. Secure your sleeping- car reservations
and make aU arrange— lenta at the company'*
office. Ml Market street, or at Ferry depot.
¦ ? ¦
A nugget weighing 1130 ounces was
found recently In the Ural gold mines at
Orsk, in the Government of Orenberg.
Among them were found women who had entered
the camps to visit relatives and were forbidden to de
part. One of these had carried with her a baby boy, that
had been kept and had nearly grown to manhood as a
convict. The mother had been repeatedly whipped by
the overseer to compel her to render uncompensated
service. The story of wrongs endured by her and
other innocent persons held in slavery as criminals
caused a passing sensation. There is no evidence that
the State took any steps to right the wrongs or pun
ish the wrongdoers. In a normal state of society,
where men are mindful of human rights, such a
hideous condition of things would have roused the
deepest indignation, and for the honor of the com
monwealth the sternest measures would have been
taken. But there is no evidence that anything was
done. The sufferers were negroes, and the difference
in race and color marked the difference in treat
ment of a matter that would have stirred the State
to its depths had they been whites.
It was revealed that the system of farming out con.
victs to work mines and plantations in the South had
led to other abuses scarcely less heinous. To replen
ish or increase the supply of such labor negroes are
arrested and convicted upon the most trifling pretext.
What elsewhere, or when committed by whites, are
I treated as misdemeanors receive the punishment of
felonies in. the case of negroes, and those unfortu
nate people have no assurance that their detention will
tease with the expiration of their sentences, as they
are liable to be held indefinitely by force. Tnere has
been recently exposed a worse condition of affairs in
South Carolina than in Georgia. The convict campf.
on the plantations are full of innocent negroes, who
were never accused of any crime, never had a trial,
were never convicted of anything, but are held in vir
tual slavery- They are captives as much as any of
•their race were on the African slave coast in the palny
days of the slave trade. '.
The exposure of this crime against the. rights o!
humanity came through a planter brutally killing, one
of these innocent men who tried to escape from
bondage. Upon examination of the matter it was dis
covered that the murdered negro was a captive slave
and not a convict criminal. Then followed other reve
lations of which the Grand Jury has been compelled to
take cognizance.
It is proved that in South Carolina has grown up
a system of labor contracts with the negroes and that
these contracts are made assignable. A planter in am
county, makes a number of these contracts, and when
work is slack he. sells the contracts to another, per
haps a considerable distance away, and unless the con
tract negroes. go, away to their new master they are
arrested and charged with breach of contract, which
is treated as a feiony. Of course conviction follows,
and the unfortunate negroes are sentenced to the con
vict camps.
In no other civilized state on earth is the violation
THE SOUTH CAROLINA WAY.
LAST year the discovery was made that a large
number of negroes were held in the convict
camps in Georgia and worked under the lash
who had never been convicted of, any crime nor sen
tenced by any court. They had been lured into the
camps and thereafter detained by force.
first American Inventor -who was accord
ed a patent by the British Government
was a woman, Mrs. Sybllla Masters of
Philadelphia,, and It was for a method of
using straw and palmetto for making
hats. The-flrst patent Issued to a woman
by the Government of the United States
was also for an Invention In straw bon
nets. A third woman, a young girl named
Betsy Metcalf ot Providence, R. I..'start
ed the manufacture of straw headgear In
this country.
The Turban and the Calash. •'
Heavy beaver hats, with rolling brims
like men's hats, were worn in full dress,
and hats of velvet and satin: but the
most characteristic headgear of the first
quarter of the eighteenth century was the
turban; It outlasted changes of all sorts
In other details of the costume. Nine
tenths of the women's portraits of that
day, in youth and old age, display a tur
ban. ' Great scarfs of gauze and net
adorned or" formed these turbans and
strings of beads festooned them. Gold
fringe, was a favorite decoration. Thd
soft white turbans of crape and gauze
were very becoming to young women.
A very odd and characteristic hjjadgear
was the calash. It had been invented to
wear with the pompadours and powdered
heads of the eighteenth century, but re
mained in favor till 1840. It was shaped
like a chaise top, was stiffened with canes
or whalebones and could be pulled over
the face. . .
Wigs and Other Styles for the Hair.
We have from letters and diaries of the
day occasional glimpses of the fashions.
Eliza fiouthgate Browne, a very spirited
girl of 17, wrote at that time during
her visits to Boston and New York% fre
quent and interesting letters • to her
mother, and she opened the year 1S0O thus:
Now, mamma, what do you think I am goins
to ask for?— a wig. Eleanor has a new one
just like ray hair and only J3. % I must either
cut my hair or have one. I cannot dress It
at all stylish. Mrs. Coffin bought Eleanor's
and says she will get me one Just like It:
how much time it wduld save— In one year
wo could save it in pins and paper, besides the
trouble. At the assembly I was quite
ashamed of my head; for nobody has long
hair If you will consent to my having one,
do send me over a $3 bill, by the post imme
diately after you receive- this, for I am In
hopes to have it for the next assembly. ,Do
WOMEN'S DRESS IN 1832.
To what extent will Supervisor Tobin hold himself
responsible for the results that are sure to follow the
resumption of gambling at Ingleside? To what ex
tent can he be responsible? What is his responsibility
worth to the community? •
Can he or his friends prevent men and women from
gambling away at the track the money they require
for the maintenance of an honest life? Can any law
or watchfulness prevent the heavy^osers from robbing
their employers, or perhaps plying the trade of a high
way robber, for the sake of getting money to retrieve
their losses? Can it stay the hand of the desponding
wretches when even crime itself holds out no hope to
their maddened brains and they set about suicide?
The responsibility for the ruin wrought by track
gambling does indeed rest upon the officials who
grant the gambling privileges and thus legalize tht
curse, but that responsibility is of no use to the com
munity. It does not repay the stolen money, it does
not bring back lost honor, nor save from prison or
suicide the victims of the wrong.
Somewhere in New York there are officials who are
responsible for the ruin of Conlin, but they will not
appear in court to help him, neither will they assist ,
the family he abandoned. Their responsibility does
not go that far. We shall see the same play repeated
here. Supervisor Tobin was bold in proclaiming his
•csponsibiliiy before the Supervisors, but when the
results of gambling at Ingleside begin to show them
selver in the prisons and at the Morgue the "respon
sible" Supervisor will dodge the consequences.
The Buffalo Exposition may be regarded as an as
sured success, for the Government has authorized the
issue of a Pan-American postage stamp, for the 'occa
sion.
This century did not sec the beginning of the Chi
nese imbroglio, and from the way things are going
with the concert of powers it has very dim prospects
German statesmen are nothing if not original in
expression. Some of them believe that their policy
has been a mistake in China. The rest of us believe
it to have been wholesale, wanton murder.
When the gambling ordinance was before the Su
pervisors, after representatives of the better elements
of the people had protested against it in the name of
morality and humanity and had pointed out the many
fearful crimes that resulted from gambling in the
past, Supervisor Tobin said: "I assume the entire re
sponsibility for it. and I shall not shirk it now or
hereafter. I alone am responsible for the introduc
tion of the bill." (
This story of wrong and ruin which, beginning on
the other side of the continent, has had its culmination
here is another illustration of the evil results of race
track gambling in whatever form such gambling is
permitted. In this city there have been many parallel
cases. We have had in the annals of our criminal
courts and in the records of the Morgue so many
similar instances of moral ruin that we did not need
this story from the East to teach us the results of race
tracks that are maintained not for honest races but
for the profits that are obtained from gambling. Yet
in the face of those lessons the Supervisors have de
cided to permit gambling at Ingleside, and the Mayor,
after describing the .scheme as a privilege of "pocket
picking." sanctioned the permit.
ANOTHER RACETRACK WRECK
PERTINENT to the revival 01 racetracK gam
bling at Ingleside track in this city is the case
of Joseph A. Conlin, the young man from New
York who was arrested here last Tuesday upon a
charge of embezzlement from the New York post
office. Conlin frankly declares his fall to be due to
betting on the races. His losses were heavy, and in
his efforts to make up the loss he robbed the mails.
That, ho.vever, is not his only offense. While fre
quenting the racetrack he met a young woman who
like himself was going the pace, and when he fled
with the stolen money he took the woman with him,
l— ,,-.«^ i,;<= x.-it/. -3-nA rhWAren destitute and diseraced.
GEORGE F. CRAM.
John D. Spreckels, Proprietor of
The Call, San Francisco: Owing to
delay of Government in compiling;
and revising census it will be im
possible to ship first carload of atlases
ordered by you before March 30th.
They will gt> forward promptly that
day by fast freight.
A slight delay has become impera
tive in the delivery of The Call's
premium atlas, but what is lost in
time will be more than compensated
for in the added value of the splendH
work which will be offered to sub
scribers of this paper. The atlas is
not only to be absolutely accurate but
will have the latest official statistics
obtainable. The Federal Government
has been slow in compiling and re
vising the census, and The Call atlas,
which must have this latest informa
tion, has necessarily been delayed.
The following telegram explains the
situation: ' !
* CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
SLIGHT DELAY IN
COMPLETING ATLAS
Judson of Jjos Angeles; Raleigh, O. A.
Robrick of Los Angeles: Shoreham, F. Ol
der and T. T. Williams of San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, March 7.-The follow
ing Callfornlana have arrived at the ho
tels: Ebbitt. Georce Wilcox and A. F.
CALIFOBNIAUS IN WASHINGTON
Francisco — F. S. Coleman, at Morton; E.
R. mile, at St. Denis; Miss C. J. Flood, at
Holland; Mrs. W. Lewis, at Arlington;
Mrs. J. Marsh, at St. Denl3; Mrs. Arm
strong; at Victoria; J. E. Lawrence, at
Vendome.
From Los Angeles — O. O. Howard, at
Victoria; Mrs. W. C. Hoodard, at Im
perial; C. Monroe, at Holland; J. E.
Marl, at Kenslngrton.
NEW TORK. March 7.— Tho following
Callfornlans are In New York: From San
CALITORNIAUS IN 2TEW YOBK
SUCH good citizens as voted for the election of
the notorious "Eddie" Wolfe to the State Sen
ate solely because he obtained through the
bosses the nomination of the Republican party have
now an opportunity to study the result of their ac
tion. .In the debate on the China Basin bill Senator
Wolfe showed not only his temper but his character.
He revealed the estimate which he puts upon ths
business men of this city, and in doing so made clear
to all the folly of any business man who 'voted for
him against the protests of so many of the ablest Re
publicans in his district.
No one thought it worth. while to take a verbatim
report of Wolfe's speech, but all reports agree that
iik opposing the China Basin lease he denounced tha
character of the business men who signed petitions
requesting the passage of the measure.
When the advocates of the lease pointed out that it
is supported by representatives of the commercial and
manufacturing interests of the city, and that these en
terprising and sagacious men regard the lease as bene
ficial to the public welfare, Wolfe declared that none
of the business organizations of the people really rep
resent the public or have any due regard for the gen
eral gdod. He is quoted as saying:. ''These organi
zations do not represent the people of San Francisco.
They do-Jiot favor anything except what will benefit
their own pockets. One or two "or three of them get
together and decide that they want the Supervisors
or the Legislature to do something or other, and then
they send in their petitions or dispatch their repre
sentatives to ask for it. That is the way they work.
Take the Merchants' Association, the Chamber of
Commerce, the Board of Trade, Pacific Commercial
Museum and all the lest of them, and you will find
them looking out for their own interests every time.
The Merchants' Association has resolved upon every
question excepting those affecting the interests of the
people." • _J
The various organizations thus attacked by name
need no defense from The Call nor any other source.
Neither do they need to defend themselves by reply
ing to the attack. Their deeds speak for them, and the
work which in one way or another they have accom
plished for the promotion of the great interests of the
city and the State and the welfare of all citizens is
fairly well known, j So well known, at least, that no
intelligent man will give . any further attention to
Wolfe's attack than is necessary to mentally register
judgment as to the sort of man Senator Wolfe is.
So long as unscrupulous bosses are enabled to
dominate primaries by force or to vitiate them by
frauds, so long will such men as Wolfe manage to get
nominations for office; and so long as good citizens
believe .they must blindly vote the party ticket, no
matter who may be the nominee, such men will be
elected. A good primary law will rid the California
Legislature of such men \s Wolfe. That is the chief
reason why a primary law should be enacted.
It is an old saying, "The curses of bad men are
better than their blessings." Wolfe could not have,
served Hhe State better than by making that attack
upon the great commercial and industrial organiza
tions. It shows the evil results of electing such men
to office, and thus will be a potent help in ridding
State 'politics not only of Wolfe himself but of all
others of his class.
SENATOR WOLFE'S BITTERNESS.
FRIDAY MARCH8, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
lltrtti ill Cec-UluUiBt to W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
PISLICATIO.\ OFFICE... Market _m4 Tblrd. S. F.
Telephone Frena SOI.
CDITOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«on St.
Telephone Prem 2O2.
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelfc
Slnele Coplen. 5 Cent*.
Terms hy Mall. Inclndincr PostaRei
CAIX-T CALL, <Jneli*I!nr Sunday), one year *«-°°
DAI-T CAM,, ancluair.jr Sunday). 6 months J.M
DAILY CALt. (Including Sunday), t months 1-H
DAILY CALL— By Slnrle Month • 5e
SUNDAY CALU One Tear lM
WEEKLY CALU On* Tear 1M
All poitmaiteri nre antfaorUed to receive
•nbiterlptlon«.
E&ztple eoplc* will be forwarded wbea requeued.
Mall rubwrrlbem In ordTin* chtnw of a&Snr* Kbonia *>e
particular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to __un» a prompt acd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE HIS Brondirar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Jfirtrtr TereigB Admtisins, Kir^ottti Bauding, C&ietg),
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald. 5anare
ICITW TORK nEPKESENrATIVBt
f TEPIIEV D. S3IITII 3O Tribune Build Inc
NEvr to:u: scews stands:
TC&ldsrf-Artcrla Hctel; A. Breatano. tt U—loa Square;
Murray Hill Hctel. -
CHICAGO XE\TS STANDS:
_k*nr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great Norttera Hotel:
Freacst House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXCTOX CD. C> OFFICE 14OG C St.. X. W.
21OK1O.V B. CttAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — £27 Montgomery, ccrwr of Clay, open
until ?:I3 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S9 o'clock. 6K!
McAllister open nntU 8:20 o'clock. 615 LaTkln. open until
*:S0 o'clock. ISU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market,
ecrr.er Sixteenth, cpea until S o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
t r.tll S o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rer Twenty-secord and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
We learn from the newspapers of 1S01
what headgear was for sale— "straw, vel
lum, cane, -willow and chip bonnets:
maids' village straw bonnets: women's
and dames' bag, gipsy, Volney, Leghorn,
Norway and Oatlands straw bonnets."
These straw bonnets were worn in winter
as well as In summer, chiefly In tho morn
ing, and were tied on the head with a
crimson silk handkerchief. The working
in straw has ever been a work of women,
as was also its invention. Mrs. Isabel
Denton of Beeston, Leeds, England. In
vented straw hats in the time of Charles
I, and maintained herself and a large
family thereby.
I In a work written by a Pennsylvania
Quaker in 1635 he urges that schools be
provided where girls may be taught
among other arts and mysteries "the
making of straw works, such as hats and
baskets." His useful hint was not car
ried out in any fullness till a century
later, when many Americans awoke tp
the simultaneous consciousness that the
costly and intricate straw bonnets made
of the beautiful Italian braids could be
successfully imitated at home. Hand
some Leghorn hats cost $20 to $30. The
send me word Immediately If you can let me
have one.
It is not to be wondered that wigs had
to be worn the hair had been so tortured,
so craved 'stuffed, pomatumed, powdered
and curled, that few women had 13 '?
left. Mme. Talllen had thirty wigs of
various colors and shapes. This fashion
lasted but a few years, varying *ltn
Cr #hUe &?&hloa. of the town followed
the modes of Paris, In the country simple
modes prevailed. An English traveler.
Mr. Lambert, wrote thus In 1S13 of the
dress of New England women: "
Their light hair Is tastefully V lrl ? ed J? P *fh
hind In the modern stylo* and fastened with
a comb. Their dress Is neat, simple and gen
teel, usually consisting of a printed cotton
jacket with long sleeves, a petticoat of the
same, with a colored cotton apron or plnclot.li
without sleeves tied tight and covering the
lower part or the bosom,
Peter Parley gives an almost Identical
description of women's dress at that date.
• Graceful Fashions Lately Bsvived.
There Is no doubt that the fashion for
woman's dress of the year 1830 was
charming, though overdone. The leg-of
mutton sleeve was graceful, but a little
too large: the shoulders were prettily dis-
III.-BONNETS THAT OUR GRANDMOTHERS WORE.
COPYRIGHT, 1901
By _<_.lio© Morse, Earle.
(AUTHOR OF -COSTUMES IN COLONIAL, TIMES," "HOME JMt. i*.
DAYS," "CHINA COLLECTING IN AMERICA. ETC.)
Strange Fancies Which Governed American
Women of a Century Ago in the Adorn
ment of Their Heads.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
United States Fish Commissioners E. A.
Tullan and A. B. Alexander of Washing
ton, D. C, are registered at the Grand.
John de Ryke, who has been employed
by the home department of the Japanese
Government for the last twenty-three
years as a civil engineer, is staying at the
Grand. De Ryke has had charge of the
laying of the plans for the harbor of
Osaka. The harbor will be completed in
about three years and when completed
will have cost about $3,000,000.
Henry H. Boyce, formerly a Journalist
of Los Angeles, now living in New York,
is staying at the Palace.
Fred A. HJnes, a merchant of Los An
geles, accompanied Dy his wife, Is staying
at the Palace.
Jose, 1^ staying for a few days at the
Palace.
J. B. Rogers of Seattle i3 at the Cali
fornia.
D. Levy, a merchant ot Williams, is at
the Grand.
K. H. Kimball of Pasadena 13 a guest at
the California.
H. S. Kirk, an attorney of Sacramento,
Is at the California.
Alex R. B. Young of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Palace.
R. C. Richmond, a banker of Arcata, is
staying at the Grand.
State Senator E. L. Webber of Napa Is
a guest at the Grand.
A. C. BIngham. a merchant of Jlary*
ville, is at the Palace.
E. L. Chaddock and wife of Fresno are
registered at the California.
Edward C. Cribb, a merchant of Los An
geles, is staying at the Palace.
F. E. Wright, a merchant of Colusa.
registered at the Grand yesterday.
J. E. Buker, a mining man of 5ew
Whatcom, is a euest at the Palace.
Charles P. Morgan, a merchant of San
PERSONAL MENTION*
When the truth is known about the practices in
Mississippi and Alabama they will be found as ne
farious as those of South Carolina. It may soon be
proper to begin running the underground railroad
again to rescue innocent men from this slavery of the
convict camps.
It is 'a violation of every constitutional right of
free men, and is a stain upon the State and section
where the practice prevails. The existence of such a
system is a commentary upon the professions of Sena
tor Tillman, who assumes to teach the North its duty
to its laboring population.
of a civil -contract treated as a felony. Nowhere else
is a labor contract made assignable and treated as a.
conveyance of the person of the laborer to any maste?
who is» willing to buy him. h) •
CHINA BASIN LEASE
There are now good reasons for t believing the
Southern Pacific is going out of politics. The Santa
Fe system has never been in politics. We are to have
two great transcontinental lines whose energies will
be devoted solely to the task of providing transporta
tion for the commerce that goes on between this coast
and the rest of the continent." It is therefore to our
advantage to co-operate with the new movement, to
give the roads every opportunity to increase their
terminal facilities so that the city and the State can
do business to better advantage. The China Basin
lease has been drawn up in the interests of the people.
It means a benefit to San Francisco and to Califor
nia. It has been passed by the Senate, and the As
sembly should now promptly follow the example set
by the upper house.
also sought to dominate the politics, of the State, of
the counties and of every important city; and in its
ambition did not hesitate to resort to every form of
corruption and intimidation which cunning men
could devise and brutal bosses put into practice. The
fight against the Southern Pacific was therefore "a
fght in self-defense. It was imperative and unavoid
able.
Such being the facts of the case the opposition
made to the measure was peculiar, and Senator Smith
of Kern was justified in saying: "I am amazed at the
attitude of the San Francisco delegation. With every
business interest in that great city pleading with us
to let this railroad in, every representative of that city
in the Senate, with one or two exceptions, is setting
his judgment up against the combined voice of the
business and commercial interests of the city." Mr.
Smith went on to add: "I believe a new day has besn
born in California and that the people appreciate that
it is unwise to fight a new railroad, and the best pol
icy is to meet it fairly and do business with it on
business principles. You have seen Kansas City, St.
Louis, Chicago, Indianapolis and a score of inland
cities grow up. What has done it? The railroads.
It is the destiny of the age that wherever steel rails
converge there you have prosperity. You can no
more build a city without railways than you can a
railway without steel."
No intelligent man will question the soundness of
those statements. In times past the people of Cali
fornia had good cause to fight the Southern Pacific
Railroad. That corporation not only practiced ex
tortion upon the industries of the State by fixing ex
cessive freight rates upon trade and traffic, but it
There should- never have been any opposition to
the.bill at all. The lease was not made in a- hurry. It
was carefully considered, not only by the Harbor
Commissioners and other State officials, but by the
merchants and business men of the city. Every
feature of the lease from. first to last was duly ex
amined and criticized with respect to its validity, its
fairness and its expediency. The result of the pro
longed discussions of the subject was the adoption of
a measure that is satisfactory to every important in
terest of the city, the State and the railroad. The
bill went before the Legislature with the actual in
dorsement of many of the foremost business men of
the community and with the virtual indorsement of
all.
CONGRATULATIONS are in order among the
people of San Francisco and the State upon
the passage by the Senate of the China Basin
lease. The thanks of the community are due to the
men who made the auccessful fight for the measure
against an opposition which we regret to have to say
was led by Senators fiom San Franci%co. The pas
sage of the measure in the Senate gives reason for the
belief that it will be promptly passed by the Assem
bly, and the way will then be open for the work that
is to give San Francisco and California the additional
transportation facilities which have been so long
needed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAi,L, FRIDAY, 3IARCH, 8, 190
played above a line of fine lace, but the
line was too horizontal. In evening: dress
It made the gown appear to be slipping
off th* shoulders. The nape of the neck
was left wholly exposed, and the hair was
drawn up to the top of the head and down
In front In 'a strained mode. The wide,
full dress skirts were a little too short, for
they displayed the ankles; the lace collar
ettes and capes were too straight. The
bodice was too plain, and the straight
waist lines were poor. Still, the whole
dress was pretty, and the modes all de
served the revival they have had during
the last few years— a revival ..which is,
after all. rather surprising, for it ex
tends even to the detail;; — for Instance, er
mine and chinchilla,) the furs of 1S30, and
osprey feathers and aigrettes, and pointed
applique and similar laces. Our modern
adoption of these modes was not in ex
treme. Our leg-of-mutton sleeves were
not stiffened with whalebones nor stunted
with down pillows. Our skirts were
longer, and we had beautiful and useful
cape«. instead of scarfs and shawls, and
we had not the same, ungainly form of
hair dressing. v
One curious and yet graceful ornament I
of the fashion of 1S20 to 1840 we did not re
vive. I refer to the feronniere. or band
around the head, from which depended a
jewel or ornament over the middle of the
forehead, as may be seen in scores of
portraits. With the smoothly banded or
slngleted hair it gives to every counten
ance a curiously submissive took, as if
the jewel were hung on a slave— it is. I
believe, an Oriental fashion. This feron
niere was often composed 6f fine gold
Venetian chain: sometimes also of black
velvet ribbon, of fine vines of artificial
flowers, of silken cord, or strings of beads.
By 1S37 the. style of the gown was
slightly changed. The bodice became
pointed and the waist smaller: the sleeves
also were smaller, and a pelerine was
warn tight-drawn over the folded arms.
The skirts were lornrer. The girlish por
traits of Queen Victoria show these
modes. Bows of ribbon down the dress
front and larpe oval brooches were all the
fashion. Muffs, bounuets, fans and para
sols all were smaller, and a general
skimpiness of costume prevailed — a fore
runner of the meek and mild type of the
modes which were established and be
loved in the year 1840.
6
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SANS SOUCI-M. T., City. It was Fred
erick the Great of Prussia who was called
"The Philosopher of Sans Souci.".
SILK— Inquirer, Oakland. Cal. The silk
on board of the wrecked Bteamer Rio de
Janeiro was 78 cases and 141 packages.
GAS TURNED OFF— Subscriber, City.
It was in 1S83 that the city gas was turned
off in San Francisco for a long_ period.
The lights were out from March 14 to
July 1. , _______
BOOKKEEPING-A.-H., City. While a
knowledge of algebra is of value it is not
absolutely, necessary that a bookkeeper
or one engaged in general clerical work
should; be possessed of that, knowledge,
VON WEBER-F. A. N/, City. Baron
Carl Maria. Friedrich Ernst von Weber,
the German "composer, was born in Eutin,
Germany. December, 1<S6, and died in
London June. 1826.
MARKET QUOTATIONS— J. K., Sebas
topol, Cal. The market quotations in the
newspapers, where not otherwise speci
fied'are the wholesale prices which deal
ers charge for the articles quoted.
PETRIFIED CITY— K. M.. City. Ish
monie.'the petrified city, is in Upper
Egypt. It 4s so called from the number
of statues > seen there and, traditionally
said to be ¦ men, women, ¦ children and
dumb animals turned Into stone.
REAL . ESTATE-Subscriber, , Hemet,-
Cal. The husband has the right, in Cali
fornia, to dispose of the community real
estate without the signature of the wife,
but he cannot incumber or sell the home
stead without the consent in writing of
his wife. *
MOTH AND THE CANDLE-M. T.,
City. The following is the story of the
moth and the candle: "Two moths fell
In love with the night fly; and the night
ny, to get rid of their importunities, bade
*L en V£° .?? d fetch flre for h * r adornment.
cl e , bllnd lovers flew to the first flame to
obtain the love-token, and few escaped
Injury. or death." Such is the story told
uLvn "-'" "Account of Japan," vol-
WHITNEY-B. M. D.. Petaluma. Cal.
There is a place In California called Whit
ney. It is in Riverside County. There la
also a place called AVhltneys. located In
Placer County.
RAILROAD STSTEMS-G. H. I., City.
The five largest railroad systems of the
United States are: The Union Pacific,
with its recent purchases: the Chicago
and. Northwestern, the Chicago, Burling
ton and Qulncy: the Pennsylvania Cen
tral, and the New York Central.
CIVIL SERVICE-Manila, City. You
can obtain the rules governing civil ser
vice examinations- in this city from the
secretary of the commission, at the City
Hall. If. you intend to apply under the
Federal Government, you will have to
write to the secretary of the Civil Service
Commission at Washington. D.C- "- e
, SUCCESSION— Subscriber, Hemet, Cal
In California. If a man dies intestate and
leaves a widow and one child or the law
ful'issue of one child, the property eoea
one-half to the widow and the other half
to the child; if there are more children
or the lawful issue of children, the wldnw
gets one third and the rest is T dlvldeT
share and share alike, among the chll
".AT; HOTEL DEI, CORONADO tha season u
now.oa at full tide. American and European
plans. Best of everything, including: the caar
aet«r of entertainment. : Apply « New Montgam.
ery «t.. city, for special ticket.
ADVERTISEMENTS
_J_USE_XENTS.
Tivcli— "Wizard of th« Nile."
Central— "T!<e Black Flac-"
CaliJornia — •"Kauet."
Or.heunj— Vaudeville.
Grand Oix-ia-houfe— "Around the World in Eigl.ty Days."
Grand Opera-house— Serobrlch Oi*ra Company, March IS.
A Icarar— •'Countess Gnckl."
Columbia— ""Zaza."
Olyirpla.. corner Ma?on and Eddy etreets— Specialties,
chutf.?. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon e.z<
evrnir.;-
yierh<?r>— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show .
Excursion to Bakersfield— Saturday, March 9.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanforan Park— Races. _____________________
AUCTION SALES.
By American Auction Co. -Tuesday. March 12. at 10 o'clock
S000 Tents, etc., at 111 Market strcpt.
Remember a fifty cent bottle
of Scott's Emulsion given in
proper quantities will last a
baby fifty days ; a child six or
seven, thirty days ; and a child
of ten or twelve, twenty days.
It's a very economical rnedi*
cine.
If the child is sickly, without
appetite, it will nourish and
bridge it over until it can take
its usual food.
_ For delicate children without
any real disease, it can be used
with splendid results.
We'll send you a Httle to try, U you like.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 4O9 Pearl ttnet. New Y«r*CBUILDING IN WHICH THE PROD
UCTS OF CALIFORNIA WILL BE
SHOWN.
, Keith's Grand Opening.
Our display in millinery will not be
equaled. To-day Is the day. . •
A {THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED NIGHT
SCHOOIJ. — A^ few months spent In studying
arithmetic,' bookkeeping, shorthand and pen
manship at Heald's J^uslness . College Night
School will fit young men and; women' to fill
clerical positions at good salaries. ' •
In ] 800 domestic animals were few: [to
day there are 14,000,000 horses, 2.200 000
mules. 44.000.000 cattle. 40.000.000 sheep an<l
39.000,000 swine.
The Supervisors' Police Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of the petition
of the Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
to hold a boxing exhibition on March 15,
provided that it makes application within
a month for admission into the Pacific
Coast Amateur Athletic Ass° clatlon - Per
mits were also granted to the Twentieth
Century Athletic Club for a contest in
April; and one to - ttfe - National Sporting
Club for an exhibition in May.
Must Join Amateur Association.
Mrs. Helena Shanahan, residing on Ritch
street, and her.'daughter Mary were ar
resied yesterday on a warrant from Judge
Mogan's court charging them with bat
tery. They are accused by Phil Fishburn
414 Harrison; strict, of visiting his house
Wednesday 1 and severely beating his wife
who was confined to bed In consequence*
He knew of no reason why they should
have assaulted his ¦wife. -The. women were
released on $5 cash bail each. .¦ . . ,
Woman Assaulted by Women.
A. C. Banning of the Banning Ad
vertising Company Visits
the Coast.
A. C. Banning:, head of the Banning Ad
vertising Company of Chicago, is here on
a business trip and stopping at the Occi
dental.
The company he represents Is one of
the largest Institutions of its kind in the
United States. Its Chicago offices are lo
cated in the Marquetto building, havinsr
over .'200 feet of floor space and employing
32 neople. ,
Th«» concern also has branch offices in
St. Paul. Kansas City. St. Louis, Cincin
nati, Buffalo arsd New York City.
One of the special features of the com
pany's business is the exploitation of pure
food?. It places the advertising of Wes
son Oil. the Battle Creek Sanitarium. At
las Oats, Durkee Dressing. Burnham-
Whitman Orocery and over twenty-five
other leading specialties.
Mr. Banning: has devoted the greater
portion of his life to advertising and is
looked upon. as one of the keenest men
in the business. He Is considered otie of
the most discriminating of Judges of pay
ing: advertLsin< mediums and will not han
dle a line of poods which he considers
cannot he suoVeFsfully exploited. The
sterling methods ndonted by the company
have brought It rapidly to the position of
prominence it now enjoys among general
advertisers and publishers throughout ths
country.
A PROMINENT
ADVERTISING SPECIALIST
of the Ninth Infantry upon the death of
Colonel Llscum. <
Edward H. Thompson, American Con
sul at Propreso, Mexico, has called the
ntipntion of the Secretary of the Treas
ury .to a fraud that Is? being perpetrated
upon thp Mexican people in that district
bv nS.'riitPd States firm of oyster packers..
Corsul Thompson says that In order to*
iff l the truthfulness of certain complaints
W- purchased in the open market two
oar.s ¦wrapped with the labels of a certain
nyst»r cannery in the United States. One
of these tin? was half filled with oyster
iuke In vhich floated nine email oysters.
Mr. T5iompson says that the canned
rrood? tra«2«» «;f th<» Vr.ltwJ States was In
rreaslnK rapidly in that district, and that
n few more t-i:rh « xampies of had faith
ns the nine small oysters illustrate wonld
undo the v.ork faster than he could hope
... rcTro*);- tri«» *>vll thorc-bv inflicted.
Reputation of United States Can
neries Beifig Ruined in Mexico
by Shameless Frauds.
OHXY NINE OTSTEBS
PUT INTO EACH CAN
The aquatic fowl— mudhens, ducks of
bright plumage, fancy geese and stately
Australian swans, whose sole duty is to
ride on the placid waters of Stow Lake.
In Golden Gate Park, for the edification of
the multitude, are at present in a high
state of pensive anxiety and suspense.
Nothing less than the loss of their watery
home is .he cause of the unusual dis
turbance. Stow Lake Is being drained.
The work was commenced last Monday,
and already one-half of the volume of
stagnant water has been removed. The
lake will be completely emptied and thor
oughly cleansed with carbonate of lime
and other disinfectants. The work is be
ing accomplished by means of six or eight
four-Inch siphons. -and the water, which
contains a great deal of foreign matter.
Ir being conveyed to different parts of the
park to be used as a fertilizer. -¦.¦-
The task will not be completed for a
week, as the lake covers sixteen or seven
teen acres of land and contains about
36.000.000 gallons of water. When the water
becomes exhausted the fowl will be re
moved to Hobo Lake or to the Chain, or
Lakes. The draining is being supervised
by Albert B. Chaquette, the park gar
dener.
and Purified With Carbonate
of Linie.
Lake Will Be Thoroughly Drained
STOW LAKE'S STAGNANT
WATER TO BE REMOVED
Since his return he has been performing
arduous tasks connected with the organi
zation of new regiments at the Presidio,
and has well earned promotion.
Lieutenant Rethers is a brother of Dr.
T. C. Rethers of this city, who «served
with the First California Regiment in
Manila. He Is married to the daughter
of Colonel Lee, who was given command
Harry Rethers graduated from the Uni
versity of California In 1833, and after
vainly waiting for an appointment to
West Point enlisted as a private, donning
the suit of blue a few months after re
ceiving his degree of A. B. He made an
ideal soldier and his merits soon attracted
attention. Early in 1S06 he entered the
lists for the shoulder straps of a second
lieutenant, passing the examination with
tlylng colors. He was assigned to Com
pany D, Xinth Infantry, and during the
Cuban campaign made an enviable repu
tation as a fighter and tactician. He re
ceived his promotion to a first lieutenancy
on September 8. 1898. being assigned to the
Second Infantry in January, 1899. He was
transferred to the Ninth Infantry a morith
later. •
He served with distinction In the Phil
ippines and the outbreak of the trou
bles in China saw him embarking
with the famous Ninth Infantry, under
command of Colonel Llscum. for the scene
of strife. Lieutenant Rethers participated
in the famous battles around Tientsin and
the death-dealing march to Peking, dis
playing such valor that he was recom
mended for a brevet. Dread dysentery at
tacked the voung officer and he was or
dered home, but not until he had opportu
nity to convince his superiors that he was
made of the stuff that is found only in the
American soldier.
LIEUTENANT HARRT F. RETH
ERS has been ordered before an
examining board to determine his
fitness for promotion to the rank
of captain. This simple an
nouncement tells the history of a brave
California boy who entered the army a
few years ago determined that the bars
of a commissioned officer would soon be
placed on his shoulders. How well he car
ried out his intentions is tojd In the latest
order from the War Department
Young Lieutenant Receives Formal No
tice That He Is Soon to Wear
Double Bars of an Army Gaptain
RETHERS' GALLANTRY
BRINGS HIM REWARD
The comity which exists between different
rtPFnrtments or a government permits and may
justify the assumption by the Civil Service
Commlflslon that a necessity exists solely by
reason of the fact that another department a im
plies fcr a certified member of the civil ser
vice. Apart from this, there appearn to be no
way provided by which your commission can
be convinced of the existence of a necessity
Section 3, chapter I. article VI,' makes this
department the Judge of its own needs and
grants to it .unusual powers. These power's It
is the duty of the Board to maintain. To sur
render this power of Judgment to another de
partment would be an act of self-obliteration
If generally admitted, It would come to pass
that responsibility for performance would re
main where -it now is. upon this board and
power of performance would no longer be' ours
but be liable to hindrance at the hands of
three gentlemen necessarily unacquainted with
the scope, necessities, principles and njethods
of constructive operations, and, therefore " dif
ficult of conviction as 'to the propriety of a
request.
Inasmuch as the employment of a malo
stenographer was verbally arranged with vour
preMdetst _ and secretary, upon the occasion of
their visit to this office n few days Bince this
board was unprepared to receive your 'letter
of the 12th lnst., disapproving of this employ
ment. '
Last December the Board • of Works
made a reauisition for a male stenogra
pher, but was informed by the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners that there were no
male ellcibles. but that they were pre
pared, to certify a name from i the list
which was composed of females only
Nothing more was said about the matter
until it was learned that Mogan had been
selected for the place, wnen the Civil Ser
vice Board demanded an explanation as
to why It had not been consulted in the
appointment. It drew attention to the
charter provision which says that "to pre
vent the stoppage of public business or
to meet extraordinary exigencies, the
head of any department or office mav
with the' approval of the Commissioners'
make temporary appointments, to remain
in force not exceeding sixty days, and
only until regular appointments under the
provisions of this article can be made-
It Is upon this provision that the" two
boards have again clashed. President
Mendell contends that his board alone has
the power to determine the' necessity of
appointing erftra employes, and that the
Civil Service Board's function of approval
Is purely ministerial. The latter bodv
claims, however, that- it has the right to
investigate the necessity for the appoint
ment. Voluminous correspondence has
passed and Mayor Phelan has taken a
hand in the fray. In a letter to President
Freud, the Mayor agrees with Mendell's
contention that the approval of the Civil
Service Board is merely perfunctory but
advises that the disputed point be referred
to the City Attorney, which was accord
ingly done yesterday. Incidentally. Men
dell In his communication to Freud says
a few harsh things -about the Civil Her
vice Board. He says: VI1 Her
ANOTHER DISPUTE
BETWEEN BOARDS
>
Civil Service and Public
Works Commissions at
Loggerheads.
Another dispute has arisen between th<*
Board of Public Works and the Board of
Civil Service Commissioners regarding the
latter body's right to determine the ne
cessity of creating positions by any de
partment in the city government. The
dispute is the result of the appointment
by the Board of "Works of John Slogan,
who is said to be a protege of Supervisor
Braunhart, to the position of stenogra
pher. Mogan is not on the eligible list of
stenographers, so the Civil Service Com
missioners have withheld approval of his
appointment. Mogan is on the eligible
list of Tax Collector's clerks, but he was
not certified for the stenographer's posi
tion.
make large exhibits and Dromlnent nur
serymen in various parts of the country
will exhibit nursery stock, including or
chard and ornamental trees. . "
nett varieties will be shown by all sec
tions of the country, so that the compari
son that California is able to make will
be afforded as an ob.iect lesson to the peo
ple of all countries wrr> are present. The
gates will remain open from May 1 to No
vember 1. A -refricerating room ujurn tho
grounds will enable the management to
present fresh fruits continuously.
The horticultural societies of New ork
and other Eastern StaUs are planning to
culture building and will also fill a largo
amount of wall space. The California
section is on both si.ios of the main en
trance, so that every one who enters wi'l
Immediately see what California has to
° Secretary Filcher of the State Beard of
Trade, who will have charge of the Cali
fornia exhibits at Buffalo, and who is su
perintending the collection of the same,
says that there will be a representative
show for California. Cereals, fibers, min
erals, woods, j fruits und fruit products,
petroleum olives and olive oil. sugar,
canned goods, flour end illustrations of
the progress of flour-making from the
wheat to the finished product, raisins
all will be shown, a-vl there will be sev-
School Lumber Scandal.
The case of E. D. Swift, lumber dealer,
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses in delivering plain lumber to the
School Department Instead of fancy lum
ber, was called in Judge Cook's court yes
terday and set for trial next Monday. The
other charge against him. of conspiracy
to 'defraud the department, was also
called and continued till March 16 to be
set.
The Horticulture building. In which Cali
fornia will be housed, is flanked by the
Graphic Arts building on the north and
by the Forestry and Mines building ou
the. south. Conservatories connect the
three buildings so thut thev form a broad
semi-circular court, opening: to the east.
The Horticulture building Is 220 feet
square, with a dome and lantertr' rising
to a height of 236 feet. Popular fruits and
eral special exhibits of larce size to Illus
trate leading industries. Many of the ex
hibits that were at Paris are at Buffalo.
These will be reinforced by collections
made since then. A l.rce of men will be
at the ferry building: from now until the
last cape of exhibits has been sent 'East.
Some of the counties have already sent
In numerous cases to be forwarded to
Buffalo. These have received attention.
The annual meeting of the State Boar-i
of Trade will be held next Tuesday and
Secretary Fllcher will start for Buffalo
the same day to attend to the installation
of the California exhibits.
IX e\-ery county '.n the State the cry
Is now "On to Buffalo," for notice
has been Eent out that all the Cali
fornia exhibits to be shown at the
Pan-American Kxpcsition must be in
the ferry building in this city one week
from to-day. Consequently there is scur
rying on all sides to bo on time. The
fixeat show will open May 1. Official ac
ceptances to invitation^ to participate
have been received from the governments
of Canada. Mexico, Honduras, 'Nicaragua,
Salvador, Guatemala. Dutch Guiana, Bo
livia. Argentine Republic, Chile, Costa
Rica, Brazil, Peru, Vorczuela and Haytl.
California will be prominent among the
States of the Union by reason of the
amount of space given tc its products and
also because of the location in which, they
will be placed. They will occupy one
fourth of the ground space of the Hortl-
California Display for Pan-American Exposition Is Allowed
but One Week More in Which to Reach San Fran-
Cisco on Way to Its Place in . Horticulture Building
Notwithstanding that the prisoner
claims that this is hl3 first experience as
a crook the police are inclined to believe
that he has been in a similar scrape be
fore.
Kitendale is ..another victim _of the
"ponies." After squandering all his money
at the racetrack he became desperate and
entered on a career of crime.
After being in a cell for a short time
Kitendale sent for the detectives and
made a complete confession. He not only
Kave them a list of the rooms and private
houses that he had ransacked, but also
told them where he had disposed of his
valuable booty. In his room the officer:?
found a miscellaneous assortment of arti
cles that he had stolen. »
Suspecting that It had been stolen the
pawnbroker refused to purchase the time
piece and Immediately after Kitendale
had left his store he notified the police.
Harper and Armstrong were detailed to
run down the suspect and with only a de
scription of him thi ; y recognized him on
Market street yesterday morning and took
him Into custody. At first the prisoner
pretqnded to be Indignant at what he
chose to term the "stupid blunder" of the
detectives, but despite his protestations
he wus taken to police headquarters and
locked up.
Several days ago Kitendale visited a
pawnshop on Kearny street and offered
for sale a lady's sold watch, which he
had stolen from a. private residence in
the Western Addition.
A well dressed, intelligent looking young
man, who gave tho peculiar name of J.
Kitendale. was arrested yesterday by De
tectives Harper and Armstrong and
locked up in the tanks. He Is accused of,
committing several daring burglaries.
Arrested by Detectives Harper and
Armstrong, He Admits Tjoot
ing Numerous Private Kes
idences of Valuables.
Losing His Money Playing
the "Ponies" J.Kitendale
Turns Thief.
VICTIM OF RACES
BECOMES BURGLAR
Important Development in the Liti
gation to Force the Corpora
tion to Pay War Rev
enue.
After trsviriR its patrons wrongfully for
thousands of dollars :.nd lighting bitterly |
in the courts for nearly two years Wells, j
FarffO & Co. has practically admitted !
the notorious tajustlcfl of their position in J
reference to the payment of war revenuv !
i-tamps. Attorneys for the company have '
gone into the State courts, paid the Judg-
IBeatl demanded and the ccsts incurred
in suits Instituted against the corpora-
T!on. This action on the part of Wells.
Farjro & Co. is a practical admission of |
the ; j .ccu?atioa that the corporation has
been imposingr on its patrons in order that
It might not be forced to pay its Just obli
gations to the Xational Government.
Tho attorneys representing the express
mrr.pary have practically confessed judg
ment in the various suits brought apainst
it by citizens who would not submit to
the Improper charge and • took their
pricvance? into court. This action on the
tart of the attorneys seems to indicate
conclusively that the company has n:>
;-cal ground upon which it cn'n hope to
;uFtify Its mulcting of the public in the
ciormouj sums made up by the innumer
able stamps told. The amounts illegally
'.aken from large concerns by the express
company represent a great deal of money
in each case, while the public in. general
has contributed thousand? to the coffers
<'f the corporation that should never have
been paid.
Though the confessions of judgment, or
v.hat amounts to the same thing, were
made on the 1st ins^t. they have not been
made matters of record yet, and probably
never will be. There seems to be a desire
on the part of the representatives of
"Wells. Kargo & Co. to keep the final
proceedings a secret. The final statc
:npnts would probably have not becorce
known at all had not cne of the pla?n-
Tiffs, who had the daring to assert his
rights against the corporation, made tha
announcement that he had received the
amount of his judgment. 55. and that the
costs of his suit had been paid by tiie
company.
Attorney Pillsbury. chief counsel for
the express company, says that no con
fessions of judgment were made. Some
of th* suit? had been "settled," he said.
by Alfred Sutro of his office by payment
Of costs and the amount of the judg
ment to Georpe D. Squires, plaintiffs at
torney, but this action was in no way
a confession of judgment. Mr. Pillsbury
sail there is a gTeat deal of difference
between paying to an attorney the cost*
and the amount awarded a plaintiff by
the court and a confession of judgment.
The firtt suit against the express com
pany was brought in Justice of the
Peace Barry's court by W. E. Ccstley in '
August, IS38. He asked for $50 damages
because Wells. Fargo & Co. had refuswf"
to send a package for him unless he paid
fnr the revenue stamp on the bill of lad
ins:, or receipt. B. Johnson and G. )*.
Benham eubseuuently filed suits on the
fame groundp. in the same court and in
:hr same amount.
Attempts were made by defendant's at
torneys to get these suits into the United
S;;;tes Circuit Court on the ground that
a Fr-deral question was involved, but
Sv.S.po Morrow ordered them back in'.o
ihe Justice's? Court, saying- that this
e-.>urt had jurisdiction. The proceedings
'n the (federal court, it is said, were
taken simply to cause delay. Well?. Far
po & Co.** representatives hoping that in
ihe meantime the t'nited States Supreme
'^mirt mig-ht hand down a decision bus
• !nlng th«:n. They seem to have given
up that hope.
In each of these cases Justice Barry
rendered a decision for plaintiff for $5
and rests. Each case was appealed tc
Ibe Su:>erior Court by the express com
par.y. and now in each the judgment and '
corts have been paid.
Then came the novel suit of Farrell
v«=. (V>tU. Fargo & Co.. In which the
plaintiff sued to recover 5 cents he had
paid the defendant corporation under
protest for stamps placed upon a receipt.
Thi? case was called before Justice Diinn
pa February 8. and on March 1 the 5
<-r-r.Ts demanded and the costs were paid
by the ciefendant.
Mr. Pnistrarf personally argued tho
cases bef->r<5 Justice Barry and also made
ihe argument on appeal in the Superior
Court.
"I never authorized confession of judg
ment in either of these suits." said Mr.
Pillsbury. "'Two of the cases came up
a cay or two after the repeal of the rev
enue law provision providing for this tax.
and Mr. Sutro said it would he cheaper
to pay the judgment and costs than to
p.rpue th^m further. I said all right, anil
don't know what he did about it.
"No. sir. the action was not taken be
cause we realized that we did not have
R kg to stand on. I still hold that wo
are right. The Supreme Court of Michi
gan has sustained us. The suits her*; were
not carried further because the Federal
question was not raised."
In the JIich!gan case tho Supreme
Court held only that an express company
eould include the stamp tax in its rate
for shipping, provided that this inclusion
old not create an excessive rate. It di<i
rot pass upon the question involved here,
whether or not a company could force
the shipper to pay the tax in addition t'»
the shipping rate.
There is now before the Supreme
Court of this State an action brought op
relation of the Attorney General which
will settle the question involved in Jus
tiro Barry's court.
Upon motion cf Attorney Oeorgp D.
Squire* the eases of Johnson and Benham
pjrainst Wells. Fargo & Co. were stricken
from Judge Graham's calendar yesterday.
It was announced by Sauires that a set
tlement of the cases had been effected out
of court.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Pays
Costs and Judgment in
Tax Suits.
MAKES STARTLING
COURT ADMISSION
COUNTIES TOLD THAT EXHIBITS
MUST SOON START FOR BUFFALO
THE SAN FRANCISCO />tJALL, FKIDAY, MAKCHS; 11)01.
7
GALLANT HARRY RETHERS,
WHO WILL. SOON WEAR A
CAPTAIN'S UNIFORM.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 2 NIGHTS-MATIXEE SATURDAY.
Only Appearances Here of
MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph
As ZI\Zf\ in
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAY. <
SEATS NOW ON SALE
First Pre-entatlon In This City of
DE K0V5N and SMITH'S
Most Successful Romantic Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
Together "With .the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
First Performance Takes Place
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
A BILL OF ATTRACTIVE NOVELTIES.
papTnta.
WILSON AND WARING. THE ORISKANYS.
KATHERIXE BLOODGOOD. JOHN LE
HAY. BARD BROTHERS, DIAMOND'S
MINSTRELS, THE BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OK
ROBERT HILLIARD AND CO.
Reserved Scats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Scats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
LAST TIMES
THIS EVEN'IXG-MATINEE TO-MORROW
AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
LEWIS MORRISON'S Production of
"FAUST."
Company and Production Direct from NewYork.
Sunday Eve. March 10. first time In this city,
the big popular New York Casino success— 40
people— 40.
"1HE TELEPHONE GIRL."
EVE— I5c, 33c. 50c. 73c. Jl. Mat— 23c, 50c, 75c
SEATS NOW READY.
BELASCO """ THALL&jfejrfg^
nf 1 ' *i* ¦ smsit car hau
Phone South 533
To-nlght and Saturday and Sunday Evenings,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
The Thrillinjr Escape from Portland Prison.
A Big Scenic Production.
Startling- Mechanical Effects.
DDirEC I Evenlnifs lOo, tBe. S."!c. r.Oc
iillWE3 | Matinees IOc. 15c. 25c
NEXT MONDAY— The Patriotic Drama,
"CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
*TIVQL1*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT t.
\ "I AM A WIZ." THATS WHAT THE
j FOLKS SAY WHO CROWD THE HOUSE.
WIZARD
% E NILE!
Coming — "THE_WEDD1NG DAY."
POPULAR PRICES ..Kc and 60c
Telephone— Bush 9.
flLl* H EAT R eHT
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS,
Augustln Daly's Comedy.
Countess Gttcki
A PLAY OF SCENIC AND COSTUME
SPLENDOR. |
NEXT WEEK
"THE LAST WORD."
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
TANFORAN* PARK.
Continuous Ractnr. Beginning Monday. Febru-
ary 11, 1901.
6IX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and SU
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Towr.send stre«ts for
Tanroran Park at 7, 10:40, 11:30 ». m.. 12:40. l. •
1:30 and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
• for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after
, the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
teveral special*. Seats In rear cars reserved for
: ladies and their escorts. Admission to cours*.
1 Including; railroad fare. Tl ~~I LI it), Aim
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racinr Secretary.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOtnUn O Admission IOc.
Fiechtl's Tyrolean • Troupe, Egry, Birdie
i Brightllrg. McSorley and Whitney, the Leons,
L. A, Cover and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
' Eeats, 2ic. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENIXO.
MaBTilflcent Revival of ths Famous Spectacle.
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS,
Introducing the ELEPHANT PRINCESS.
. Splendid Cast. Scenery and Effects.
PRICKS We. 15c. 25c. 50c
Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 73c
GOOD RESERVED SEAT
IN* ORCHESTRA AT ALL MATINEES. Be.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IX SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCINO MARCH 1STH.
Two weeks, with oerfortnancea on Monday
and "Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons.
Repertoire— "Barhor cf Seville." "R!gro!ettr>."
"Don PasqualA." "La Travlata," HPagliacct."
"Faust." "I.ucla." rtc.
Subscr'rtlon i>eats, fix performances, nn repe»
titions — Orchestra and two front rows of r>re!>»
Circle, U.>: balance of Dres* Circle an* bacK
Toven of Orchestra. $1.": front row? of Family
Circle. $10: ulnifle-nljrht seats, ">. £!. «. $159:
Gallery, unreserved. $!. Season sale n«w open
&t box office: »1n«:le-nlKht sale begins TV#rfnes-
day next. Applications for box»» sfcouM hi
ir.ado at once to. Mr. Alfred Bouvier. Grant
Opera-house.
rHONEJ5OUTH 770.
6t.rti«i Tfl i S c UNDAY SUTINEE.
ONE "WEEK
The JOSEPH MULLEIN COMPANT Present
THE ROMANTIC COMEDY DRAMA
UNDER First T {&° y H Th '-
§54.t.^5L RTO COMPANY.
ORDERS mu production.
By JA3. W. HARKINS.
A Powerful and Instructive Story of Love,
Mystery and Adventure.
Dramatized from Rudyard Kipling's Novel.
PRICE: 13c. 2Zc. 35c, ECc.
Xext— The Oreat Ea«t»m Success— "THE
ANGEL, OF THE ALLEY."
IF YOU ARE ANYinuun STRIKE
ARRANGE TO GO ON THE
EXCURSION
TO
BAKERSFIELD,
Which Will Pe Given by tha
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SATURDAY, March 9,
Is Special Train of Pullman Sleeping Cars
and Day Coaches. •
ROUND CIO SLEEPING
TRIP. *i> » " CAR EXTRA.
The train will leave San FrancJsco at 7 p.
m., reaching: Bakersfleld early Sunday morn-
Ins. All day Sunday In the famous oil fields
o* Oil City. McKlttrlck and elsewhere. Return
to San Francisco Monday morning. Buffet
service on Pullman cars.
: The excursion will be In chare* of Wm. H.
Menton. Excursion Passenger A sent, and he
will give you all particulars. Call on or ad-
dress him at 613 Market street.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK
Performances at 2:30 and $ p. m. Dally.
NOFSRIS & ROVVB'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more 1 see of. dog the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
300-PERFORMINO ANIMALS-300.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants. Zebras. Goats. Sea Lions, Ponies,
Monkeys. Does. Ant Eaten and Zebus.
First Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
* the Most Marvelous Animal Act In tha World.
HERR SETTLER, the Famous German Animal
Trainer, and His Small Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. ra.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c: CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 720.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
I900-WTNTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur»«
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladlts and their escorts; no smoklne. Bay you r
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ean Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Fan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These eleetrlo cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:1« and
4:45 D. m. and Immediately after the last rae*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
- R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES AN^ZOO^ftKST
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
JDVEK'LE PERFORMERS* MATINEE
SPECIAL TO-MORROW NIGHT. f
REPRODUCTION OF THE GANS-McOOVERII
FIGHT and a BIG CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats. Park ZX.
SHERMAN, CLAr& CO.'S HALL.
TUESDAY AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS.
March 12 and 16. at 3:13.
AND THURSDAY NIGHT. MARCH 14.
TERESA CARRENO,
Iks World i GrsiiMl W0KAN FLUTIST.
Reserved Seats. S2.0O. 11.50 and $1.00. On ia'.s
at Sherman. Clay & Co.' a. ¦AHE4I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
' OF BEEF
Makes Meat Co Further ; -
Makes Soup Tasto Richer
ONE niirpp
f^m, BOTTLE LURES
/ Mp#§ MCBURNEY'S
f v*T ? f)Ey *^*WIICJ' CURE
VHL *yy ¦ A thorough cure ior
ri\ i C Pains in the back,
VJ A^ BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
24 r / female troubles, incon-
iuenco of urine, brick dast deposit 5 *, bed-
rotting of children, gravel, otonee,
Iropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. , '
FOR SALE AT ,
DAHLBEXDER DRCG CO.. 214 Kearny St.
Send 23c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBarney,
41S S. Spring at., Los Angeles, Cal., for 5
fays' treatment. Prepaid Jl 50. Druggists.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MOIIMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In . use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively' cure the
¦worst cases In old and youna
arising: from effects of sslf-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
olijarette-smoklngr. Cure Lost
* Manhood. Impotency, Loat
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, fmm f~\ Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops' Ne f— fr I'M rvoua Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects^Z.^Z a a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and** t/ » r ' l DOtency to every
function. Don't ret despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small,* undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain* and nerve centers: 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes, cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
4C> Ellis st., San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 acd 40 Third st. -
Qll ApC i These hotels pov.
rALnUL £CSS the attributes
¦ that tourists and
9n[| travelers appreciate
- u - — central location,
RRANI1 Hberal manaBS
UllnllU merit, modern ap-
I|AT£| A pointments and
iiUltldi p erfcct «w«
7 American and Eu-
Sail FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
/ — ffi®i as l a rd or butter
I DR.PIERCES
GOLIQ>BERI
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE:
1 Ba.OOP,llVER.B.UMGS.
IA/. T.HESS,
K0TABY P03LI3 AND ATTOBNir-Af-Li-r."
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
E i|
t 3?.iJ MARKET ST. S.F 'SZuS&
¦S^iS B&l^fe Laflln & Rand Waterproof
9 'B IkB& Smokeless I'owder. In bulk
I — I N III and loaded In shells. Send
B ¦ I H B vl ¦ B v for catalogue of sporting
WIIV (roods. GEO. W. SHUEVE.
¦ ¦':¦.:¦. • ¦ ., ¦ 729 Market et.-.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For 'the cure .of 'GONORRHEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation. '-
'Price $1 a bottle. For cale by druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All over the world Schlitz beer 1*3 known and is the standard. Igs!
I n Vladivostock, Pretoria, Shanghai, Singapore, Bombay, Cairo j£?t1
/|v| and Constantinople it is the beer of civilization. PH^i
' l&l Schlitz beer has won the world's markets by its reputation for a&d
?*fa purity, maintained for half a century. Wherever white men live ftta
5kS3| Schlitz beer is acknowledged the pure beer. Our pledge to you Kg-Jj
jpta and our pledge to all nations is that never will a bottle of Schlitz fcfi*5
y!\J beer go out until we have insured its purity; never a bottle jpv/'
jMSS! Schlitz beer, wherever you find it, is healthful; it is f b^Rm
H WORLD-FAMOUS W
ffi§H / and has made Milwaukee famous Sp*a
tfjy 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-li Market St.. San Francisco. W*a
[do I
you
know
that
fH-0
is the
cheapest
delicacy
in the
world
? ? ?
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
x^ JThe hond market was quite active to-day, but
Irrejrulsr. Tctal sales par value, $S.400,000.
Tr.lted Ptate« refunding 2s declined '» per cent
en ifc« list call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Eh*res ! -..,..- Cluing
•>old. Ftock— bid.
SO.Tft" Atchisun f,;ij
5.31V) Atohison preM Tji.
€.:<« Baltlmor*' & Ohio 93
Canadian Pacific 03%
4 r >0 Canada iSouthern t7»,
41.700 Chesapeake & Ohio 44Jj
1.2"" ».'hlriico Great Western 194
41. ion « - hicaeo. Burlington & Qulncy 147 7 .
1.500 rn-.icago, Ind. & I-oul» .T2'i
1.400 nucaso. Ind. & Louis prerd 71«i
100 Chicago & listen Illinois 106'^
:.10fl O.icaro i- Northwestern 172
two <"hic«igo. Hock Island & Paclfle U4"«
C C CL & St. Louis 754
l.Xtl Colorado Southern 94
2<>0 <"n!or*di> Southern 1st prefd 44
?» Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 18'i
1.000 IVlaware *; Hudson ]6»»4
100 TVlaware. LacJc & Western 173»i
I l,"00 Denver <fc Itio <lnnd<> ZB
7f« Denver & Rio Grande prefd 8S4
7..W Krle $7*4
S.900 Krie 1« prefd 63
£00 Great Northern prefd 1S>74
100 HocUinjr Ooal 1S4
Z.\M> Hocktng Valley 60
1.200 Illinois Central 120%
MD Iowa Central 27,
209 Iowa Central prefd &3
100 I^ake Krie & Western ". ;.. 41 "
... T^ake Krle &, Western prefd Ill
La.ke Shore - no>4
U.600 lyjuihVilie & Nashville S3S
ClOft M«r.h&.rtan Elevated U9«;
«.»«) Metropolitan Street Railway \&\
T.OfiO Mexican Ontnl , 17 1 *
MO Allnceapolis tz St. Louis 7<!«
ri»rrr>wlr.»t supply of aval!al>l? fredltn and the
railing <if loan? by wm» of th» banks was the
m«rt jtprortant Influence in the reaction. In
addition the movement of t>rl<-ey bad grown
fiuite lllMlilHllijr undrr the influence nf manipu
lat!\e prH.ls. aril th»- selllnK to take profits by
this; "law- of nf^rati>r« In a market where the
public -Is not taking a larse part had the ef
l"ct °f turning nrt<-e»! <iownward. There has
rrown up feeling that the recent ease of
the monej market has l^en in some sort due
to arufv-Lai nuws. prompted by the <Wlre of
larse napltallata to insure smooth Failing for
inw* "f the 4mf>ortant flnan>-lal ojieratiuns re
cently t»t afloat. Surh artificial eaue must
rier-ei-f-arily !ie limited in duration, the natural
courw nf events havtng their Inevitable results
In rtii* time. Beside* the absorption of o\er
$3..-/ifl/ir,0 hy (he Bob-TreftSQTV from the money
market ar.d the peaponalil* turn in the lid* 1 of
the interior money movement to New York,
the money market lias felt th» erre<-t this
*.r*>W of the iiaymrnt by the Union Pacific of
half the purchase prii-e of Its controlling In
terest in the Southern Pa.oinV. The Pennsyl
\ania R»ilrna,1 is also reported to have paid
it !»veral million dollar* on account of the
L<inc Island Railroad purchase.
Money rates have consequently worked In
closer and s>nme of the holders of Ptnckft on
margin have ber>n prompted to liquidate. This
t-ellinp wax particularly marked to-day In
rv-nnsylvania. I'nlon Pacific and Burlington,
wht.-h were made the s;ubject of Joint opera
tir>nF /or a rise during the last few days. An
effort was mn«ie to continue pool operations for
an edvanro by a revival of reports of the fit.
ern Pa^iSc Interest*. Tills had the effect of
lifting !=t. Paul \. There was a turn against
the shorts in some nf the steel xt^cks not In
cluded in the United State* Steel Corporation,
¦but) :eyulfd in advances from 2'.» to fi»j in
the Republic Steel stook*. Colorado Fuel and
Tennessee 'Coal. All of these stocks fell »>ack
efter the demand frcm the shorts had been
patisfled. The pressure against Amalgamated
i 'npper carried it off at one time 1T4 and ! It
r\nr+A with r net loss nf a T»oint. The steel
stwks cnrt!nue/i v»r>- dull and generally heavy.
VKW YORK. M»r<-h 7.— The market made
quite a. vlcnrnuF resis'tan''* this morninK to an
wrly brar <!rive. By ni»an« of the sustain
iiijt taflcrapt of inOividca! ¦totfca, e»rly li>s! ! »s
were largely n i;ie<l out end the level of price*
RenTalty rarrifl over lai-t night, but during
tlir lRttrr part or the day the market wic
raiatod t<> d'-pressionand speculative liquida
tion osme into' furcc." The r^ult Is a pre
(Jomlnanre of riet lofse* on the day. A few
*t ¦¦ V- n-.£intainf1 a marked net gain, but they
«cr(> rather halfwbljr under manipulation for
their *UFtainlJig ir.f.ue:iee on the i-est of tlie
ir.a»-ket w'hile r"ifit-t«kinjr m? Ki>in«c on. The
Xac York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as. 'follows: Xo. 3
ppring wheat. 67<?»71c; No. 2 red. 744®76c; Xo.
2 corn. 39c: No. 2 yellow. 32c: No. 2 oats. 250
25V.c: No. 2 white, 2Sc: No. 3 white. 264<S27«Ac~;
No. 2 rye. 52c: fair to choice malting barley.
4S^56c: No. 1 fiaxBeed. $1 54; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 56: prime timothy peed. $4 40: mess
pork, per barrel. $14 35©14 40; lard, per 100
pounds. $1 4"4€?1 E24: short ribs sides (loose).
$7 10<g7 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed). G%igi
*>%<?; short clear sides (boxed). $7 50<S7 624;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract rrade, $10 75.
Articles— Open. Ulsh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Marrh 73*4 737*, 73*4 73'j
April 744 74i.i 74% 74%
May 75% 754 75 7S4
Corn No. 2—
March 3S?i 3S"i 3S*i 3S»i
May ../: 40% 40% 40% 404
Oats No. 2—
March 24 24 23 s ;' 24
May 25'4 254 H% 24-4
Mess Pork, per bbl —
March 14 35
May 14 23 14 55 14 23- 14 524
I^ard. per 100 lbs—
March • 7 £0
May 7 50 7 574 7 50 7 o5
•luly 7 55 7 624 7 55 7 60
September 7 624 7 70 7 624 7 674
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— *
March .... .... 7 15
May 7 12'i 7 224 7 124 7 20
September 7 25 7 324 7 25 7 30
EASTERN MARKETS.
Customer— Here's a piece of srood? that
should make nice trousers, bm the stripe.*
don't appear to be straight. They'.«
curved sllphtly. aren't they?
Tailor— Yrs; they curve cutward. you
notice. That cloth la f>sigTT?<i especially
for bow-legged gents.— Philadelphia Pre*.i.
Chicago Grain Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19«?llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens ; Dressed ". Turkeys,
J2 I i#14c; Qcese, per pair, $1 50«f2: Goslings,
$2 50«|3; Ducks; $4Q-5 for old and $6@7 ' for
young: Hens. i J1&6; Young Roosters. $6©7;
old Roosters. '$»J?4 60: -.Fryers,.- $."! S0<S6; Broil
ers, Ji 5003 for large and J3©4 > for small;
Poultry conlinues , to bring good prices,
stocks being moderate. Game Is dull and nom
inal. . -
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 4®7c; Asparagus,
9(QlEc for No. 1 and 5®8c per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas, 306c for Los Angeles and 4g7c
for Bay; String Beans. 5@10c; Cabbage, $1@
110; Tomatoes, Los 4\.nfreles, SOcgJl 25 per
crate: from Mexico. 75cig$l 23 per crate; Esg
Plant, Los Angeles, 10(g20c per lb; Green
Peppers. Los Angeles, 10c per lb for Chile and
12H®15c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry
Okra. 25o per lb:. Carrots. 253735c per «ack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 73c©$2 per dozen; Sum
mer Squash. Jl 25@1 50 per ¦ box; Garlic, ZifS'^c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $33 per ton; Mush
rooms. 12«4(gi;o per lb.
ONIONS— $2 200-2 75 i>er ctl; Cut Onions,
5Cc©$l 50 per Back; Australians are jobbing at
5c: Green Cnlons. 33@40c per box.
POTATOKS— Early Rose. 65® S0c; Burbanks,
30<e4jc for River and f.0"Sx85c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles trom Oregon. . r «5<g75c; Sweets, 75(gS5c for
Merced; New Potatoes, 3@lc per lb.
Asparagus and Rhubarb keep up well. In
spite of steadily increasing receipts. Tomatoes,
too. are though there are a Rood many
on the market. Many of the String Beans now
coming in are wilted and undesirable. •-
Receipts were 414 boxes Asparagus, 343 boxes
Rhubarb and 36 sacks of Bay Peas..
Potatoes are weak and In liberal supply
Onions continue to decline. Offerings are
ample for current needs.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
MuRtard, nominal; Flax, $2 D0«j3; Canary, 3V,<ii
3* 4 c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7%®8%c for Califor
nia and 'Jii'ji/jc: for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c; Hemp.
3£c: Tlmothyj O'ic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, J2@2 CO; Green. $2 70S 1
2 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50©2 75; Small White. $4 60
@4 90; Larse White, J4Q4 25; Pink, J2 15®2 35;
Red, J3Q3 50; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Limas, $3 60®
6 70: Pea, cleaned, up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. J3 7524 per ctl.
There is nothing new to report.' All descrip
tions under this head are dull, except White
Beans. -for which there is a fair call.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY-Volunteer. $3@8; Wheat, $Uigi3; Wheat
and Oat. *9@12; Oat. JS^ll 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. JStffS 50; Barley. $7 50©9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35ijj47Hc per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@16 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®26; Jobbing.
$26 £0; Cocoanut Cake. J1761S: Corn Meal, J25i?»
$25 E0; Cracked Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15<gl6.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50^19 50 per ton
BRAN— $13®15 EO per ton.
Bran continues to decline. There Is nothing
new In Hay.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 73:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $1 50; Hom
iny. J3 60-S3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4W4 23;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 ip
(37 6G; In sacks. J5 75(R7 25; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, 15; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. , $3 23@
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 V.f(3 25;
Oregon. $2 75@2 So per barrel for family and
$2 7i@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. $2 75
®3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. $1250145; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 23® 1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 17V«@1 20;
for Seed. $1 2f,ffl 30 per ctl.
CORN— Quotations are nominal and the mar
ket is dull.
Yellow. Jl 101?l 15; White, $1 lOffl 13; East
ern mixed, $1 12Vj per ctl.
RYK-&2H<5S5c per ctl.
BLCKWHKAT-Nominal.
OATS— The. ma/ket shows no change, being
quiet as a rule, though there Is more or less
doing in the cheaper grades.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sal<"s.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 67 I / »c
Regular Forenoon Session — Xo sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL 1IOAUD SALES
Feed. 72V4c for choice bright. 70®7H4c for No.
1 and 6714c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 75«?S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLKT— Futures were off again, but the
spot ma'ket was unchanged and only moder
ately active. Offerings, however, were lighter.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, SS?ie; 2000.
9SVic: 10.000. 9Sc: 26.000, 97?ic: 10,000, 97T»c. De
cember-16.000. Jl 03%; 2000. Jl 03; 12,000. $1 C3V;.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
97',-ic; 4000. 97&bC. December— 22,000, $1 03H: IV
000. $103';.
Afternoon Session — May — 26.000 ctls, 37«ic.
December— J000. $1 O3»4: 4000. Jl 03%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 03»i.
Chicago was steady and not 'materially
changed. Some Wheat was worked for Ham
burg and there' was no great pressure to selL
The commission houses were sellers, however.
The weather was reported Benerally good over
the wheat belt, though the Cincinnati Price
Current reported It trying on Wheat, with not
much harm done up to date. Primary receipts
continued liberal, this being the most bearish
feature of the market.
The JccaI market was lower on call, with
fair trading.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling, 97^00
{1 t'2>4 per ctl. •
WHEAT— Liverpool. Paris and Xew York
were all slightly weaker.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterllnr Exchansre. 60 days — |4 5514
PteriinK Exohangs, eight ». — 4 SS?i
Sterllns Cables — 4 89»i
New York Exchange, sight — 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 15
Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars.' nominal L0 Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Northern Callfomla-Oaady and unsettl<"l
«e B ther Friday, with thower?: fresh westerly
• in^s.
Smitbern Callforala— dowdy sm<J unsettled
«eathf r Friiaj. probably showers: fresh south-
N<nadn - Shotrers Friday. continued cool
""•sther.
Ital.- Showers FriJ«}. continued cool
weather.
*ri7.r.na -Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
rr"l>?il'Iy tlwiwi ir. northern potlion.
5-an Fiaiv Is-vj and vait.tty— cloudy, unsettle-l
w>Rther. with shi>w»! t Friday: fresh west
min-l.-. Al.EXA.NUnR G. McAI>IK.
Forecast Offlcial.
The {nii^^irK maxiir.iim wind velocities are
rej--.ite.i: Ne»V Bay. :? miles p«*r hour, from
iV,e \<eFT; PortUni. 12. from the south: Yutna.
?*. from the fiuth. a^«l Winnemucca. 34, from
tbe fiulhwpft.
forersst made at Pan Fran<-is<-o for thirty
flours enflir.g midnight. Msrch R. I90L
The t*mpermure hns fallen 1«» degrees nr
m^re o-.er Ne\ada, l.*tah and Southern <"ali
f'TtliS.
Pjin Ftwariaeo data,— M.iiimum temperature.
61: minimum. «?; m«an. H.
WEATHER boXDlTldSP ANIt GENERAL
FORi:<AST.
The e^^•u•-• lias fallen rapt'lly 'luring the
rast i«entv-f..ur hiins tl^ns the sierra* and
wiftwari to th» R'v-Ky V.ountainf. It has risen
¦fowls along the roast.
Tr cast ire Shipment.
TY* TrpTlc took out «. treasure list cf ICC-
O. conrtstlri* of JfiJ.'M In Mexican dollars.
K*<S in gold rain and JoO.POO in silver bullion.
Exports of Specie.
nspTt* <">t specie frrni this r">rt during the
fret two months of the year were $I.1O6.S1B,
¦ cn!r!FT JS.^'-Vrtr for t».e fntne time in I9O(».
t!ie leading desoriptlnrs V>einK at. follows: Sil
ver bunion. ?ir>r..Tfi--«; Mexican dollars. J2 n ;.«.v.:
•liver <rin. (O.S12: jrold coin, J4J1.H:-; cur
ren< > and lionds. {125.;t'l.
Weather Report.
<*rHh Meridian -Pariflc Tim».>
SAN FRANCISCO. Mar<-h 7—5 T- ni.
Th* f^llnminc *r» the se*?"nal rainfalls to
Amr. pt- «-^n!>ar* > 4 »ith these of the same
<«.M« Isst s-eas^n and rainfall In last twenty
':¦»;<¦ hours:
NEW TORK. March 7.— There were r.o note
worthy .changes in the metal market to-da>.
Speculative Interest was lacking, with the
information from abroad, about as predicted.
Tin was dull and about unchanged, though -'11
shade lower abroad, :. where . price-s - closed at
i;il» 2s 6d for si>ot and futures at £115 7s. Cd
The nominal price here was on the basis of
$:6*i:6 35. : '- ; .,-V <
Copper was featureless and "unchanged at
J17 for Lake' Superior and $16 50 for casting
In London copper closed. at -£70 20s 6d on spot
and £71 2s 6d on futures.
Ix;ad was quiet and unchanged;
Spelter, though displaying a weak under
tone. - in the absence of buyers was not auot
ablv lower, cloainr. at- $3 »7'.4. •
I'lglron warrants. S3 50SF 10 50;' Northern, J10
New York Metal Market.
HOGS-Receipts to-day, 1S.O0O; to-morrow
2?,C00; left over. 35C0. Opened a shade higher,
closed weak.. Mixed and butchers, {5 35@5 C2',4'
KOOd to choice heavy. $5 D0@5 65; rough heavy"
$3 3n«i5 45: -light. »3 35©3 60;- bulk of sales'
j: 47'*«f» 57V4. s
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000. Sheep, i strong
lambs, steady to slow. Good to choice weth
ers. $4 30<n 4 33; fair to choice mixed. $4(^4 40-
Western Sheep, $4 35(54 85; Texas sheep, $2 SO®
3 75: native lambs. J4 50©3 25: Western lambs
$3«j5 2;. s . f..-
CHICAGO. March 7.-CATTLE - Receipts.
6000, Including 600 Texans. Generally steady.
Canners lower. Good to prime - steers, S3 05®
6 25; poor to. medium. $3 C(Xg5; stockers and
feeders strong. $2 75(g4 60; cows. J2 65®4 23
heifers. $2 7(W?4 M: canners, $I®2 60; ¦ bulls
s'ew. $2 6064 25; calves,, $4(36 25; Texas fed
steers. $4^4 90;' Texas grass steers, $3 ¦35154-
Texan bulls, $2 50@S 50. T '
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— ''¦:':' May. July.
Opening 5 US « 00 ¦
Closing ...^ll«i -6 11*;
PARIS.
"Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 85 19 75
Closing IS 85 19 S3
Flour—
Opening ,.23 95 35 25
Closing 24 05 23 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
Articles— . .- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43.000 28,000
Wheat, bushels 54,000 31,000
Corn, bushels 23S.C00 194,000
Oats, bushels 321.000 1S1.C00
Rye. bushels 5.000 10.000
Barley, bushels 16.000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15(Jf22c; dairies.
10© 18c. Cheese, dull. 10UQll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, 13Jjc.
The bank bought £M» »rold e.gles. The
harJenluis of money rates was caused in part
There was a general reaction. on the Stock
Exchange here to-day. Everything except
Americans > suffered becuee money was tlchter
and no n«-w« came out to Indicate progress
toward peace In South Africa. «•«»
Tlie American department enjoyed fairly
brisk trading. In the early hours proflt-takln
liut stocks down a little, but thU soon ended
and the market rallied under the lead ¦ of
Atchison preferred and Pt.. Paul. . which were
In Rood demand. Then New York tame In for
support, buying chiefly C. and O. sharei
Copper shares were weak. The Tlnto divi
dend is now estimated at only 45b. ,
NEWTORK. March 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram «ays:
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mone»— • • >i» ITnlonLand ; 4 .'
Call. loans 3 ©3',4 West End P6'4
Time loans .3Uf?4 Westlnghse Elec... ZS
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & Sta Fe.. D74 Atchlson 4s ....101
Do prefd 91H N E Gas & C 5s... 63
American Sugar... 141U Mining Shares-
Do prefd 123 Adventure ]•«
Bell Telephone lo.Ms Bingham «i
Boston & Albany. .233 Amaig Copper lfiflii
Boston Elevated.. ..171 Atlantic 3314
Boeton & Maine. ..19; Boston & Montana 357'
Clil ft & Q 14S<; Butte & Boston.. ' vg
Dominion Coal 3S>« Calumet & Hecla S55
Do prefd 110 Centennial 2;»;
Federal Steel.::..:. "41 Franklin ...: 2ii;
I>o prefd Ss~i Humboldt 25'
Fltchburff prefd. .'..143 Osceola jiou
Gen Electric... ZU4 Parrot £,->»i
Do prefd -. 193 Qulncy 170
Ed Elec III 24» Santa Fe Copper! 74
Mexican Central... 17 Tamarack 345
N K Gas & Coke.. 12 Utah Mining.... S5
Old Colony ?0S Wlnona " r,ij.
Old Dominion 37'i Wolverines " 53
Uniun l'acllic 91Vi : ----
Adams Con 23 Little Chief is
Alice 40 Ontario 7 75
Breece 1 25 Ophlr - !- )8
Brunswick Coi) . 23 Phoenix ..#. ."." CS
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosl .' '. jo
Con Cal A Va 1 50;Savage .;. 03
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Ne\-ada.. " *>4
Horn Silver.... 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard U. 3 S5
Leadvllle Con Col
1C0 Minneapolis A- St. Louls-pr^rj 10SU
«.4'» M'esouri Pacific Ml,
110 Mrl.de & Ohio SO
3.SO) Missouri Kansas &¦ Texas Zn\
15.6W .Missouri Kansas i- Texas prefd.... M* t
T.CO New Jersey Central 1554
r.WVt New York Central 143 7 »
»..4<Vt Norfolk & Western 4K'»
:M0 Nnrfolk & Western prefd ?5
l.(>no Northern Pacific S3 r i
2.6M Northern Pacific prefd 87 : »
S.^t t>ntarlo & Western 31
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
i 'regnn Railroad & Nav prefd 7fi
SMOt Pennsylvania l.il'i,
5.300 Hearting 31 7 m
1209 Reading 1st pn?fd 71*;
2.300 Reading 2nd prefd 41^
Rio Grande Western fiS
I'M Rio Grande Western prefd 73
S.s:o St. Louis & San Francisco 3S*i
J00 ft. I/iuls &: Pan Fran 1st prefd 82 ]
6..W Bt. i/ouis A.- San Fran Ind prefd.... 66S i
4.ftoo pt. I,-iuis Southwestern 26'a
«.:'"'> St. !.ou!s Southwestern prefd. 5K ;
K.9P0 St. P»ul 153 I
3«0 ft. Paul prefd 194
St. Paul & «»niaha — lt:>
:3.4 r »"t Southern Pacifl." 454
1.1.7M) Southern Railway 24S
V'.y<n Kriuthern Railway prefd 7?
.1.200 Texas & Pacific 2X< a
Z.SOO I'nlon Pacific 9\\
4.io«i rnlon Pacino prefd .* 31^
'2.:w Wabash , 11%
I.SS4 AVabash prefd 31»»
l.son WheeMnc & Lake Erie IS
*••> Wheelinc At Ijike Krie 2nd prefd... Sl«i
.ViO Wisconsin Central ii !
Coo Third Avenue 120
5.1O0 Raltimore A- Ohio pr.'fd 921;
2.3M National Tube :,3i 2
200 National Tube r>efd 102>«
Express Companies—
\ijjtnis 15S !
\m»rioan IS" 1 -.
I'nlte.1 states 5<ij
Wells Farco 137*:
Miscellaneous —
2. *-v> American Cotton Oil 2*5
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
Ani'riran Malting 4* 4 i
509 American Malting prefd 2-"> l »
f.ooo Amr-rican SmeltinR & ReflninK ... .'•**g
",^••0 American Smelting & Refining pfd. P3*,
American Spirits ltj
American Spirits prefd 17
3.40<> American Sterl Hoop S6'i
JOO Ameri<-an Steel Hoop prefd ." Rl*i
fi.joo American Steel & Wire 3?s,
3.5<fV) American Steel & Wire prefd M*4
1.000 American Tin Plate «
?>iio American Tin Plate prefd 10134
21. .Wi American Tol.acoo 12i)> :
100 American Tobacco prefd MS j
fi.2OO Anaconda Mining Co 47
ILSM Rrookijn Rapid Transit 76
?.rm Colorado Fuel & Iron 4.".i:.
lO.SftO Continental Tobacco 4<jt«
.... Continental Tobacco prefd lMfe
4.U>0 Federal Steel 44"
9.~nn Federal Steel preM S9 j
3.100 General' Electric 1141,4
500 tJlucose Sugar 47 ;
Glucose Supar prefd SS'i
1,500 Internatloral Paper 271^
1.000 International Paper prefd 74Vj
Lacledp Gas g]U
1.20i National Biscuit 39V«
-¦ National Biscuit prefd fl2
400 National Lead ir,»;
101 National L»ad prefd SS'.
l.jno National Steel -451,4
4.2<>1 National Steel prefd 102
New York Air Brake ..; 13.VJ
North American 75
KM Pacific Coast „ ,.. r>24
Pacific Coast 1st prefd .ft SS
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 7. 6!
200 Pacific Mall 3s»;
K..K00 Poople'M Gas K13'
2,lf'it Presfed Steel <;ar 30s;
Sf'O Pr»*sed Steel Car prefd 73'
4.1M Pullman Palace Car 20f,
10<i Standard Rope & Twine 3V
4S,»00 Sugar mi^
400 Fujrar prefd 123
44.600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 54',;
400 Tnlted States leather '. 12U
L.M0 I'nited States leather prefd 74<i
30ft 1'nited States Rubber 19'
1.f*>» I'nltcd States Rubber prefd ss
R.4ai Western Union ssv;
17.700 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16?i
14.S50 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 67»»
P C C & St Louis 53
41.603 Amalgamated Copper 100
S61.500 Shares sold.
* CLOSING BONDS.
L' f? ref 2s reg lO.'.'i N T C 1st? 107V*
l>o coupon iO5f« N J C gen 5s 13«
L S 3s reg ni N Pacific 3s 71U
Do 3s coupon 111'i Do 4s 105*{
r>o new 4s reg. ...137 STCtStL 4s..l0s5
IV) new 4s coup. .137*; N * \V con 4s 10"'i
Ho old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lets 110
I»o old 4«t-coup...ll4 Do 4» 104U
Do 5s reg mi; Or Short Line 6s..127»i
lv> Ss coupon 11114 D ° «>n 5s ll«i
Dist of Col 3.65s... 123 Reading gen 4s S4H
Atchison pen 4s. ...103% R G \V lsts lftO»;
r>o adj 4s S3 St L & I M con 5s.lf7'
Canada Ko 2ds 109 St L & S F gen 6s. 13(1
Che* A O 44s 10*4 Rt Paul cons WU
r> o , 5 "-- in st p o & p ists...mvi
< hi tk N con 7s 140«i Do 5s . f>\
rv> S F deb 5s....ll<i4 K Pacific 4s.. .'.'.'.'.'.'. h
Chicago Term 4s... 97>; S Railway 6s n«
Colorado So 4s K5 Stand R & T 6s.... BJU
n * R Q 4s 102U Tex & Pac lsts....m£
Er> sen 4s R5S, Do 2ds "5
F U & D C lsts.. R.V; U Pacific 4s 1D6U
Gen Electric 5s 176 Wabash 1st* n%K
Iowa Cent lsts 11<5»; Do 2ds 1094
K C »» * G lsts. ..1014 West Shore 4s 115*4
M K & T 2d» 7R% Wise Cent lsts.... S5
D <> <s 97«;'Va Centuries..*... 25
MINING STOCKS.
CHICAGO. March 7.— Opening trannactlons
1:' wheat were l i<d*if lower at 75»»@75»ic for
?.iay dellverj'. a tV>ndltlon of> speculative
eftalrs due to a variety of bearish Influences.
Liverpool was depressed to begin with. North
west receipts were liberal and the weather
of a mild character calculated to stifle crop
damage reports. Commission houses sold heav
ily and during th» first half hour the market
was pounded to 73 >* Hi 75 Vie Then the market
l>ecame dull and under local buying, much of
it Coverinc by shorts, reacted to TS^jc Durlnff
the afternoon the pronounced weakneps-'of corn
and oc«« and the discouraging export situation
awoke bears to the possibilities of the Mtua
t'f>n and the market declined with some celer
ity to 7.x: and closed weak U6H« lower at
Corn opened weak on freer country offerings,
liberal receipts and a slack shipping situation.
In sympathy with oats the low point of the
day ws-s reached In the afternoon, but It
steadier! again on the reported engagement of
57 loads for export. May closed \c lower at
40ri l 540'ic.
As was the case yesterday th/» oats, market
led in -«e weakness of the grain markets, due
to the unloading of the longs. May closed
•i*- lower at 24V.
Provisions were active and strong rII day.
The market ojiened at a small advance because
of a light run of hojes and advanced sharply
on buying by Influential packers. The close
was strong. May pork 30c higher, lard 7>ic
up and ribs" 7^:H10e up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
jind without feature of importance.
WHEAT— Receipts, 5100 bushels; exports. 105,-
OfiO bushels. Sales, £75,000 bushels futures;
liS.000 bushels spot. Snot, dull and easier;
No. 2 red. S0»4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 3 red, 7S%c
elevator: No. 1 Northern Dtiluth. S7U f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. 91'ic f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened lower under cables and *cod
weather and further declined under realizing;
returned to beft price* on covering, following
rumors r-f large export sales; again sold off
materializing. Closed weak. March closed 79c-
May. 7<> 7-16^11-16, closed 79' 3 c; July, 79Q79UC,
rlr.<-ed 7.V. ,
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOI^-Quiet.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady with prices
unchanged to .". points net higher.. Total sales
reached W..W bags, including March. 6 ingi
«.15o; May. fi.?;'ii6..Vc: June. 6.25c: July. 6.35®
G.4IV: Am'.isi. «.4(V; September and October,
fi. 4."..f?6.i0c; I.»ecenilier, 6.60$6.60c. and January,
6.*wic. \
Spot— Rio. quiet ;• No. 7 Invoice. 7V*c bid.
Mild, dull; Cordova. S<S12' x c. " .
Sl'GAR— Raw. weak: fair refining 3 9-lSc;
rentrifucal.- f.(i test. 4 l-16c; molasses supar,
3 .^-ltk 1 : refined, dull.
Bl'TTER-P.eccipts. 1759 packages; firm:
fresh creamery. 17igC2c; June creamery, 15@
SOc; factory. Il«il5c.
EXrOS— Receipts, 7727 packages: unsettled:
Western at mark. loUc; Southern at mark. 14^
NEW* YORK, March 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
ll.WtO barrels; exports. 10,000 barrels. Quiet
PALACE HOTEL.
,. Kilenerpe, Portlunl
\v n Ol »«t. St Lake
VI. Hu J !t ' r <S= w, Bosta
M * \T 0U - Chicago I
« Brrbowr. Putshursj,
J E Bak^. rat""
T Ij \\ a i, ace Tacorna t
a ., T J"* V «". Ticoma I
» McBcthea, Denver
R Jefferson. St Paul I
F L Tobin. Cal
F Watson. Portland !
R Gun-hard. Ma^s
H Bolderston, Wash !
W* Dutton & w, >i Yi
A D Grant, N Y
A ningham. Cal
N H Sabln, N Y
Miss Sabin. X Y
Mrs Young, L Anx
Mrs Wilson. L Ang
Mrs Shepard, Pa
II Shepard, Pa
C Hurdt, Vienna
Mrs O Fowle, 2 c &
m. Phlla
H Inngener. Phila
Mrs F Ross, L Ang
C Morgan & w, 8 Jose
C Smith & w, Ga
R J Dacy. N Y
II H Boyce, X Y
J C Reilly. Pa
Mrs P.eilly, Pa
.«r» uurn-, *•»
E S ReiUy. Pa.
J D Rsllly, Pa
Miss J N Reilly. P»
Miss B Reilly, Pa
SUM M Reilly. Pa
Master G Reilly. Pa
A Post & w, N Y
A D Orlbb, Fresno
J H Erill, Cal
W P. Randell. S Dles»
C Fielding & w. Cal
N A Dlxon, S Diego
A Hall & w, Paris
rf Carravan, Paris
K N Putman, N T
W E Smith & w. IU
Miss E C Smith. Ill
Miss K D Smith, lil
B E Harewell, Del
Mrs Hartnell. Del
R E Hartnell, Del
Mis^ Bates. Lincoln
S Herriman. Merrill
D Llvlngstoa & w. Cal
K H Knob", Omaha
B English A w, N T
H Roper, London
L Goben. Gcrmanr
W R Lewis. N Y
E Anier-on. Manila
W Mackenzie. Scotind
T Nakamnava, N Y
R Yashnrja, Japan
Lieut Ttkltiaa. Japan
Lle-jt Morcivtr.orr Jaoa
T Smith & w, n a
J G Garrison, Pa
W A Steel, Seattle
M de Vries, Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Gillette. Eureka
W Wells. Eureka
S Rummel3burg, Cal
C D Noble & w. Chlffo
Mrs D Parks, Texas
H Florj-, St Louis
J II Gardiner, Cal
Mrs Fewell. MarysiriUe
E Hunt & w, blssons
G S Mch>nzie\ Napa
O G Brooks, Colusa
J S Beach, L Ans
A Bernard. Tucson
H Elciiwald. Kl Paso
R I.aux«n. Stockton
J B Hall, Texas
C N Garrard. Chicago
II F Walter. Arizona
Mrs Ilertzel, Sacto
Miss Whiting. Canton
Mrs Tounsr. L Ang
Mrs Wilson. L Anp
A J .\Iii!!i!i;«. Der.\-er
Jl Mitchell. Newcastle
R A Herol.l, Sacto
Mrs lackey. Chicago
G Drellng, St Louia
K L Van Clea-h. Cal '¦
J HefTerman. N Y
A h Buhne, Eureka
C S Opter & w. Cal
F B Abbe, S Jos»
O Staffer, S Cruz
R Richmond, Arcat*
Miss Lenpert. Cal
O Wlckman. N Y
E L Webber, Nap*
J McDonnell, Cal
D Mortarity & w. U3Ai
W P Corlett. U S A
F Harkness. L Ans
E Maxwell. L Ang
F J Harold, N Y
II A Hell, Sacto
J Merrill & w. Mont
J McClevy. Denver
C Sturrook. r>enver
E A Tullan, 'Wash
A Alexander. Wash
C Kellosff, Cal
H A Ernest. Cal
E Wright. Colusa
D T^vy. Williams
H Williams & w. Mo
I> S Fish, L»more
J N Hoyt. Hanford
J Bishop A w, Oaklnd
.1 Smith & w. S Ro=ia
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T C Lak'.n. Oregon j
}' E Jones, wf. S Jose
Mrs. Warren & s. Cai
W Butt. SprtncneM. Ill
J Mulroy. inelesMe
N Pavi.i, Chlcac^
W Howe, Chicago
J Kelley, St Louis, Mo
t; T Gardner. New O
J Crowforti. Seattle
F Graft", Seattle
O Norton, Phoenix
Ft Ganlin. nuftalo, N T
M E Ganlin. Buffalo
Mrs J Akers A f. f a l
W C Linn. Vall-jo
H Cook, wf. Cal
j Price, Colo
tr Lamproth. N T
C Spengter. N Y
Miss ?.I Rlcotts. Boston
Miss R Rifotta. Ristnn
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Quicksilver lower.
Salt continues to advance.
Shipment of $i?6,6$g to China.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange stands the same.
Wheat and Barley futures declined.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and quiet.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous prices.
tf ay as before. Bran lozccr.
Potatoes and Onions weak. Vegetables generally steady.
Xo further change' in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Three cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Apples avd Citrus Fruits as before.
Pried Fruits exhibit no nczv features.
Provision market continues inactive.
Wool. Hides and Hops quiet.
Xo f.'.Uher fluctuation in Meats.
Fair ttading in local and oil slocks.
Decreased exports of specie!
WASHINGTON. March 7.— To-day's «tate
m*nt of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able ca*h- balance. ' $147,618,022; gold. $S6.1.V>. 363.
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK. Tfnrch 7.— Money on call,
steady at 2fiIVi per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 3 l^<j?1'i per cent; sterling exchange
*asler. with actual business in bankers' bills
st $4 57*4 for demand and $l S4Vi for sixty
days; no«ted rates. $4 S5(ff4 S>% and $4 SRV4;
commercial bills. $4 S3\i«4 S4; silver certifi
cates. 61Hc: Mexican dollars. 43c; bar silver,
file; bonds— Government, weak; State, Inactive;
tailroad. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Marrh 7.— Atchlson. 63'g; Canadian
Pacific. Vf. Unloji Pacific preferred, SS; North
ern Parlfle preferred. PO; .Grand Trunk, 7U;
Anaconda. S»». Bar silver, dull. 2S»id per
ounce. Money. 3*4154 per cent. ¦
CLOSIXG
by the repayment to the hank of a big sum
borrowed some time agn. Calls were 3»i; tlrre
money. 3-; ; rii*eount 8 . C%!&3»4. Brokers, how
ever are Hirhtinsr *hy of new loans now. ex
pecting tlie Government iwxin to disburse henvy
amount?. The February trade reports show
that rjDorts have decreafed 9.5 per <-ent, due
mainly to the fall of Iron and coal prices.
Imports ha\-e Increased 5.5 per cent, chiefly in
cereals.
Sl'MMARY OF THE MARKETS:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WHEAT-Spot. dull; No. 1 California, 6s 2d;
No. 2 red Western winter. 5s lid; No. 1 North
ern sprlner. 6s 2Ud. Futures, quiet; May, 5s
ll^i: July, fs ll%d.
CORN— Spot, quft-t: American mixed, new,
r,s 9ii: do old, 3s li'jd. Futures, quiet; March,
3s SUd; May. 3s 9M: July, 3s 9',4d. •
LIVERPOOL, Mareh 7.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2H<@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, easy; weather in England,
showery.
COTTON— Uplands. 5d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 7.— Consols, 96 15-16; Bllver,
IS'i; French rentes, 102f 30c@102f 27^c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet, steady: No. 1 Stand
ard California. 30s Uid; Walla Walla. t8s 7V4d;
Kticllsh country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Mareh 7.— Clearings, $370,975;
balances, $51,411.
TACOMA. March 7.— Wheat quiet and un
changed. Bluestcm. 5"c; club, 54^0. .
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 7.— Exporters are quot
ing 65%c for Walla Walla.- but milling stock
will command from H&lc better. Foreign
wheat exports from Portland for the week
ending to-day were 1C5.SS0 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market.
1
LONDON, March 7.— A sale of 3790 sheepskins
was held to-day. \ There was a full attendance,
but there were not as many Continental buy
era present as 'usual. Competition was fair at
about January rates. The demand for cross
breds was less satisfactory and prices w/re T<
:>or cent lower, mainly on medium full wool
Grades.
Sale of Sheepskins.
NEW YORK. March 7. -For ..a brief time at
the start only did. to-day's cotton market show
symptoms of steadiness. Even then first sales
reflected a loss of 1(R6 points. Thereafter It
was on a steady downward movement. Larlv
In the afternoon Mav fell to 8.41c under a
flurry of selling from" the outside and the pit
occasioned by estimates for much .larKT re
ceipts at the ports and interior towns to-mor
row. Official news that Southern spot markets
were weak and lower helped to deuress Hie
market later, which worked steadily lower.
The close was steady with prices 6fcl3 points
lower.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
«10 50; Southern foundry, JH 50313 "3. and soft
Southern, $13@ 15 73. - ,
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 7.
Flour, qr sks !».310 Hopn. bales 130
Barley, ctls 1,175 Wool, bales S2
Oats, ctls 439 Tallow, ctls '227
Corn, ctls 4S0, Sugar, ctls 1 soo
Rye, ctls fioo, Quicksilver, risks «•»
Potatoes, sks 6,254| Hides. No 6S5
Onions, ska OPeltn. bdl* 1,308
Bran, sks :... 415|Wlne. gals ..93 200
Middlings, sks.... 210, Leather, rolls.... ' 71
Hay, tons 38s;Chicory. bbls 22
Straw, tons 10 Lime, bbls IS"
UTAH.
Wheat, ctls C0<<
. — t .
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 fio: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6H@6%c; local
make, 6?»c: Wool Ra?s, 30@32Hc; Fleece Twine.
7%c . ; ;=;.-• ,
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; ' Southfleld
Wellington, $5: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 5y; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ten: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Uocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Reflnlne Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:.
. Crushed, 6.25c: Powdered, S.SSc; Candy Gran
ulated.- 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A. 6.73c; Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C,
5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c more. No order* taken for less < than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, fi.snc: boyes. 6.75c per lb.
QUICKSILVER-Is lower at J47@47 50 for ex
port.
SALT— II. R. II. has again advanced to $16 50
In largo and $17 per ton In amall sacks.
General Merchandise.
BEEF — 7(3^0 for Steers and 6S7 1 / tc per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@$c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@-10c; Ewes, 8*.^3c per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring, 10igl2Hc
per pound. •
PORK— Live Hogs, 6VJc for small and 6Vic
for medium and 6c for large.; stock Hogs, 5V4c;
feeders, 5Hc; dressed Hogs, S@9Hc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
with dull markets.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
nbout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9H®10c; medium. 9c; light. S08%c; Cow Hides.
Slic for heavy and 8@Si.Jc for light; Stags. 6^
6'.ic: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9310c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Pry Hides. 15U^iSc; Culls, 13H@14c:
try K"lp, 15©16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c: culls and
brands. 14015c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20030c
each; short Wool. 30050c each; medium. 60@75c:
1< nsr Wool. 75c"3$t each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
<fi2 75 for larre and $2(^2 23 for medium. $1 25
lor small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for email
nnd EOc for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins. S."c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angcras.
7r-c; larg? nnd smooth. 50c; medium. 35e.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4',4@4»ic per lb;
No. 2. 4©4V4c: grease. 2iH2\ic
WOOI«— Spring, 1900— Humboldt . and Mendo
ctno. 15®]6c per lb: Northern, free. 12®13c: do.
defective. HXSJllc: Middle County, free. 10@llc;
do, defective, 9J? 10c; Southern, 12 months. 8$
Pc; Southern, free, 7 months. 7@10c: do, de
fective, 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley, fine.
lj@16c; do. medium and coarse, 14 @ lac; Ore-
Ron Eastern, choice. -12©14c: do, fair to good.
Pffille; Nevada. 10ifil2c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno,' U®12c; Middle County and Ncrth
trn. SST&c: San '.Toaquln, 7®Sc.
HOPS— 15620c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, llgll^c per lb for
heavy, ii'^igirc for light medium, 12>4®13c for
l'.ght. 13iJ?14c for extra light and 15@15\ic for
EVgar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12e:
JTess Beef. $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13:
Family. $14: extra fine Pork. $15@15 50; extra
Oar, $19 50820; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
cr.mpound and 9>4c for pure: half-barrels, purs,
We: 10-lb tins. 10i.ic; 5-lb tins. 10%e.
COTTOLENB — One half-bnrrel, SV t e: three
half-barrels, Sc: one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7*ic; five tierces, 7*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13Viigi4c for bright and 12%@
13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7Vjc; light amber extracted, 6\-> ( S~c; dark, 63
6 l ,»c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb. >
X UTS— Chestnuts. SfilOc per Jb for Itallan-
Walnuts. No. 1, softshell. 10c; No. 2, 7&c: No.
1 hardshell, 9Vjc: No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@l3c
for papershell. 9Sllc for softshell; Peanuts, 6®
fie for EaEtern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13<r-
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. S3f.n«i3.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Bultanas— Fancy. 10'4c per
lb; choice, !»4c; standard, 8%c: prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultana?, Sc; Seedless. 50-Ib boxes,
6V4c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vic; 2-crown, 6c*
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown, 5Uc.» and
4-crown. 5 l ,ic; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy, 16
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, BVic; choice, 16-ounce, Mic;
12-ounce, 6Vic; London Layers. 2-crown. Jl 50
per box; 3-crown, 1160: Fancy Clusters, J2; De
hes<a. J2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points in California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 Flzes, 3c: 30-40s, 7c #
40-50?. 6Uc; 50-CCs. 4V3C; 60- 70s, 3*4c; 70-SOs. 3'ic;
$0-SOs>. 2%c; 00-lOOs. 2Vic; 1C0-120S. l^,c; rubles.
*.ic premium; Sonomas, lie and San Joaquins
Vic less than Panta Claras, except 100 and over
which ptand the same.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5®7c for Royals andSH®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 45514c
sun-dried. mQW.il Teaches, 3<33^c for stand
ard. 4@4V4c for choice and 5<g6c < f or fancy
I'ears. 2®7e; Plums, pitted. 4'SSc, unpitted. l@
me: Nectarines, &Q5',£c for red and 5>,4g6c for
white.
The situation exhibits \ no new features,
cither here or In the East. -
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
Three cars of Oranges are announced for to
day's auction,,' In spite Of. the very heavy're
ceipts of the past ten days the market has
rlean'd up fairly, and while there are plenty
here stocks cannot bo called excessive. Lemons
and Limes styow no further change.
Fine Apples bring the top quotation without
difficulty.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— 1
APPLES— 60®75c per box for common. 90c@
$150 for cood to choice and Jl 75JJ2 for fancy
PEA its— 75<"«7$1 W per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. 75c«JJ2;
Seedlings. 60c«J$l; Tangerines. 73c@« 50; Jap
anese Mandarins, JliJH 50; Lemons. $1@1 50 for
common < and Jl 7r.(SM 60 for good to choice-
Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican Limes, $7 50@8-
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, 75c@tl 50
per bunch for Island and $1 25@2 for New
Orleans; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy. — : standard. ;
Eastern fancy. —;. standard, ; seconds.
There was no further change In quotation*.
Euttcr and Cheese wer« quoted weak on the
Exchange with liberal suppllca and Increas
ing receipts.)
Eggs arc steady and ttocki keep dqwn very
well. The .bakers are putting a good many
Into line, and more, or less are going Into
cold storage on spotjilative account. The re
tail demand is also /very good.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 54.300 pounds of nutter. J2S3 cases Eggs,
22.600 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Iiastern Cheese.
BXJTTBK—
Creamery— Extras, 17V4c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
He.
Dairy— Extras. 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. — p-r pound.
CHEESE— Fanry. full cream, 9c; choice,
fie; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9!4c;
Kastern, full cream, 15ifJ16>/ic p»r lb...
KGGS —
California Ranch — Selected White, i;!4c; mix
ed colors, mfee pT dozen.
California Gathered-8clccted, ll%c; standard,
lie; teconds. . « ¦
Fresh Kastern— Fancy, ; standard.. ;
seconds, . ' ¦ ' "• ' .'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
nrollcn, $4D0Q3 for large and $5#4 tor »mall:
Pigeons, $1 L0 'per dozen for old and J2WS3
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Oceee. $3©3 CO; White Gee»«. *t
fTl 25; Brant, Jl 25®1 50 for iimall and II 73
for large; Honkers, iZit* W); English 8nlp«.
; Jack Snipe. ; Hare, fl; It&bblU. $10
1 25 for Cottontail and 73c for Brush.
Afternoon Session.
Hoard—
E00 Columhlan jt
500 Independence 20
1000 Independence, b 60 T 21
100 Junction 62
610 Monarch of Arizona, « 90 55
900 Occidental of West Virginia „ «o
50O Occidental of West Virginia 59
500 Petroleum Center ,.... 16
low Reed Crude, » 90 55
1000 Reed Crude, s 90 57
Street—
100 West Shore 43
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha Con 02 SCO Overman 10
100 Andes ;.. 05 400 Savage " 10
ino Belcher 10 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 60 600 Utah 05
300 Gould & Curry. 16 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
400 Mexican 1ST SCO Ophlr „ 63
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
N Morning Session.
SfiO Belcher 11 SCO Ophir «3
7C0 Resit & Belcher 20 £(X> Ophlr 64
7C0 Con Cal & Va..l 60 400 Sierra Nevada. JS
100 Confidence 76 300 Sierra Nevada. 29
1000 Gould & Curry. 17 200 Sliver Hill 44
3C0 Mexican IS SOO Union Con 13
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 201 ECO Overman 09
600 Chollar 06 300 Sierra Nevada. 30
200 Ophlr 631
Morning Session.
Board—
3T>00 California Standard 5/)
20") Central Point 170
1000 Independence 20
1000 Independence, b 30 •>!
500 McKittrick 4s
500 McKittrick 50
55 Monarch of Arizona 5.)
100 Occidental of West Virginia 6:1
3000 Petroleum Center 16
500 Reed Crude #>
50 San Joaquln Oil & Development Co.. 11 62Vi
Street—
5000 Reed Crude. 82
SAX FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — |
Bono California-Standard, s 30 60
"•l<v> California-Standard 50
93 Four 53
300 Four ft)
10<> Independence 20
200 Junction «2
14CK> Junction 61
TOO Monte Crlsto 2 13
.500 Monte Crlsto 2 1714
200 Monte Crlsto 2 20
250 Peerless 8 00
500 Petroleum Center, b 33 17
100 Reed Crude p
600 Reed Crude, s 30 M
BOO Iteed Crude 62
100 Sterling 2 55
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bear Flag 20
.100 Bear Flag 21
500 California- Standard, b 30 52
3000 California-Standard, s SO 50
2 Hanford 102 00
400 Independence, b 30 20
600 Junction 81
400 Junction so
100 Junction, s 90 S3
100 Junction 53
400 Junction ; 59
3."> Kern 8 50
. T. Kern River 16 50
1000 Lion, s 60 13
500 Monarch of Arizona 63
f.00 Monte Crlsto 2 20
400 Occidental of West Virginia 60
200 Occidental of West Virginia 53
50 Peerless 8 00
1000 Petroleum Center 16
120 Reed Crude 62
400 Reed Crude 64
500 Reed Crude, s 90 63
500 Reed Crude 65
200 Reed Crude ..' KJ
20 Sunset (original) ss
150 Wolverine , 143
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Hay Ore Z:1KiV l W3\ Oak W ro i»' _ lw .
" ;" t ,,. f:nb 6B -H6'.i - Oceanic g.s EuO5«ioSi
< x % V. *V-« 2v *tM O Imp _ {;*,.
V & <l Itv «n.UZ\i — *'W A Cl H « s .i()i _'»
«;eary-st It ts. - _ Pk & O It «-, _ _
Maw CJ5%»...N»i s i _ Powll-st rt Gs 120 _
" aw £ 8j 10.",^ _ s E O ft K S*. - 9Stt
{> A R it Gn.';;uift - is F & SJVCsiiM": _ "
LA L Co i; 8 .. _ - |S K of fdl **.11O -
no gnt.i G*.. _ 104 8 p p. of a «« wv. _
Do sntrj ,«,. .100 — is V C e* eOOS, "
I' A P K n ri».101',il«'.i Series A)....lim;_
Markt-at C fin. — 127 I>o(S»rW B)U» —
l>o 1st c 3«..120fil21 Do M3C«j — uja
N C N O n 7«. — 113", I»o (1S12) \X% —
N It o' ('al «k. — m«i S !• C* 1st g :s.l"«4 —
n rt of «jai :>8.i;n'; — s p nr n 6*.. 131^133
N P C R u Is. lot' > — S V \Vater fs.ll2',» —
N P C R R 6s. 10S V; — S V Water 4».. — 10 1
N C n R .is... noun: l>o 3d mt«.r.M!% —
O <; \. & H os.113 - Stkn G & E SslCO -
Oak Tr Co6s.ll< 117U
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 70 Spring Valley. 91 92
Alarm County. 53V4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
'Cent L & P.... % 4 iPac M Co 43 —
Ivjult Gas 3»i 3'^iSac K G & R. — 40
Mut Elec JA.;. — S!iS F O & E 47H 47%
O G L & II... so — 1 San Francisco. 4* s 4%
I'ac Gas Imp.. 414 G & E.. — 14
I.Vf5L'RAN'CE STOCKS.'
Flrem'i Fund.233 ISO )
.. _ , _ .BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 — Lon P & A. ...14* —
Bank of Cal.. 401^411 Mer Ex (llq).. W —
Cal Safe Dep.. 105^ — s F National...— 125
1st N of S F.. — 312V,
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1S50 Sav t Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security :75 —
Mutual 50 - Union Trust... - -
S F Sav U....515 —
• STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st .. — 140 iO S I, i U.... H —
Geary-st 47H — Presidio -IS 30'i
Market-st 63Vi — |
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con M 85 jvigorlt I l\i
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7% St; Kilauea I3»; —
Haw Com 83^ 86 Makaweli 43\ —
Honokaa 32% 33Vi Onomea 29?i -
Hutch S P 2514 - Paauhau 31 33
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A.... — 123H Oceanic SS Co M 5«i
Cal Fruit Can. 97*ilOOVi Pac A F A.... 1% 3'i
Cal "Wine Asn.100 - p ac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer Ej; Assn..lO2>i - Par Paint Co.. 12H -
Mornlny Session.
Board—
5 Makaweli Sugar Co. cash 41 m
10 Oceanic D5 5,,
la Oceanic 5575
73 Oceanic !.. 66 00
20 R F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
20 S F Gas & Klectrlc Co 47 371^
33 S F Gas & Klertric Co, b 30 47 10
26 Sprlntr Valley Water ?o 75
S5 Spring Valley Water H 00
200 Sprin? Valley Water »0 f.0
30 Pprins Valley Water po s*U
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 102 50
Street —
60 Bank of California 410 60
100 Hana Plantation Co S 12%
2C0 Onomea Sugar Co 23 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
I 25 Honokaa Susrar Co 32 871J
60 Kilauea Sugar P Co 23 25
5 Onomea Sugar Co 23 73
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
20 Sprir.sr Valley Water SO 73
70 Spring Valley Water si 00
MLSCK1 .LA K EOUS BONDS
I!l«1 A*k. nid A»lr
** C0U P°n »'1 m'iki cp mew)..:m icv;
<» ret- 113 lt^i's. coupon. ....Iikp; _ 3
THURSDAY. March 7-2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS,
a.Tc«r^tTf n^!' nln ' C Co »«* n » h »" "vied an
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
.There was .very fair trading on the oil ex
changes again, with a slight advance In Reed
ami .an equally slight .decline In Peerless. "
•: In 'the afternoon th?re. was a brisk business,
especially. In Jteed at higher prices. ... ¦-, ¦ .
The.Truckee Kiver General Electric Company
On the mornlns session of the Bond Exchange
Spring Valley- Water was weak at $90 5(Xg01,
and there were sales if Oceanic at $33 50<g;6.'
Business was quiet.
Sales In the afternoon were amall and prices
showed no noteworthy change.
STOCK MARKET.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
This
Last
i_
Season.
J Pe«»on
3S.TT
i: m
i«.i*
1«."4
MJS
Z?i
S.«W
.
-.1
14.70
(.M
•¦*
K ".*•
This
Last
i_
Season.
J Pe«»on
3S.TT
i: m
i«.i*
1«."4
MJS
Z?i
S.«W
.
-.1
14.70
(.M
•¦*
K ".*•
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OK . Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
fVa*^^- . For Alaskan Port*— 11 a. m.,
PgijjBli. March 7, 12, 17. C2. 27. April t.
l«^7^?^ Chance to company's steamers
mES3CT j8 a For Victoria. Vancouver • n.
I j«rlyg_|^fT'f>|1 r ). Tort Townsend, Seatt>,
fif - Taf-cma. Everett. Anacortes
an< l New "Wnateom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. CharRo
at Seattle for this comnany's steamers f«r
Alaska and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma t»
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P.* Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
9. 14. ID. 24, 23. April 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Dleco. stopplntr only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles nnd Redondo fLos An-
reles>— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
ifamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Sant» Cruz. Monterey. San Slmenn. Car-
ucas. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lo« Anreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Macdalena Bay, San Je>s« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas, (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to ehanc*
steamers, sail Ins: dates and hours of ia'.'lr.ff
without irevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 Xew MoEtffcmery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market rt.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & It. GO.
DISPATCH FAST 8TEAMER3 TO
P 5 O Pt T TL, J&. 1ST ID
From Spear-street THjarf at' 11 a. a.
CADC S>2 First Class Including Berth
iMilt SS Second Clast ar>d Weals.
COLU^rBIA sails Mar. 14. 14. Apr. S
GEO. "W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 19. 29. Apr. t
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt-.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• E. C. WARD, General A*ent.
1 Montgomery »U
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND05. ?XKT\
Stopjjlnic at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
JJew- York Mar. 20|New York Apr" 1"
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
St. Louis April 3ISt. Louis April Zi
RED STAR LINE.
New Yortc and Antwar*.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 nocn.
Kensington Mar. 20 Southwark April 1!>
Xoordland Mar. 27 Westerniand ...April 17
Frlesland April 3 Kenslnston April 21
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CUAS. r>. TAYLOR. General A«ent.
Pacific Coast, 3d Montgomery »L
TOYO KISM KAISHA.
STEAMr.RS X\"ILL LEAVE WHARF. COK- t
n*»r First »ml Hrannan streetn. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HON«KONG. calllne at
Krtx> Ull»-«v>», N«ca*akl an.l ShanBhal. ani
<^nncv-tlr.K *t llorgKonir with steamers for
rmtla. *U\ N.» «"arici» rts.-oi\-cil on board on day
Of »:<v'5Vfc
SS. AMK»U«*\ M\rtf....Fri>lav. March 13. 15f>l
8S. »l«-»NOK«\N»* M VUU.-Tiw-S'iay. April 9. 19<U
sh Nin>'N M\nr nid«r. May 3. ini
U^Mn.*-«»<^ ItetWU at reiltned rates. For
fr«U«i» *M i^»t4et> «r!>!r «t company's office.
4il M^»V«* •*»»«? orrner First.
*.» m*twt it. AVKUY. General Agent.
rxcirtc rrw* jutiqatios co. and
COXWJtU *C3 AMERICANA DS VAP0ET3
T*» V*<*^»-*«"»v »i«Tplnr at Mexican, Central
»n«t H>'«t^ Vnotl.nu ports. Sailing:
HM iMM'VlttU March ». 1901
H?« TI^Al'KI March *), mi
88 Al»Kv)«'«lV\ April 4, 1901
8}< LIMA til ..........April 17. 1301
At t3 n». frvim Section 2. Seawall.
T>ir«<* ittcatrwrs are built exprrsuly for C«>n-
' trnl *nd South American pa.-wnser service.
; i*N.> »-h*niri' nt Arapulco or Panama). Freisht
«n,i i^swriie'r office. 21fi California street.
n.VLKOL'R. «;UTHRIE & CO.. Agenta.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO. k
Sten — — ."¦'oT.tlce*!™."
MOX.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at • i-
a..m., a:l3..8:3»p. m. (ex. Thursday nlchtv svi'
days, 1 p. m.,and S:30; Sundays 10 "oi- mi
P m. Landlnsr and office. Misslon-stre.riWv
Pier No. .5. Telephone Mala 150S. l Ooci,
AUgflJALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
S17 MARKET ST.. orpesite Eattiry.
TUESDAY, at 10 o'clock a. m.. March 12. 1»1.
* - At salesroom-. 517 Market st.
I $25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS. ETC.
; Ry firior of h«adquartei-3 the followin'] f!nr.
: ','7: n^ nt Property direct rrom'the rrt's.flio;
| 3t.no Tents; 2ii«)i> u U rk VlmgOB COven Ply- etc.;
-0 sets I>ou'ole ami SlnRle llamas ami Le.i.is:
» amp TooN; 2 Government Mules; 3 Army
UaKtnK. etc.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
,_ XOTl: — All thU tentape la nearly new hav-
Irir hern use.l but a short time ,.n the military
'•s-i\aticn ct San I-'rani-isco. «Ji->m,I3 uill r:«
r <n inspection w>th cataluRue on Vrkiay.
March 8. 1'jOI.
C. E. HAVI5. Auctioneer.
OCEA1T TBAVEL.
A&itj-anij* c € r a hawa "* sxu ™' Rnf
wceflBiac\5.to. ssssss&
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. rn.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 18. I p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March Z7, » p. rn.
I D.SPHECXELS & BEOS. CO., Eaneral lo*its. 327 Harkit St
Esn'l Passsngsr Otfia, 643 Hirkat St.. Phr Ha. 7, Pacific Si
PANAMA R. R. SSf
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, 9105: Steerage, $10.
S. S. St. Paul sails Thursday, Mar. 7.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanokc sails Tuesday, April S.
From wharf, foot of Lombard at., . at 2 p m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market »i
F. F. CONNOR. I'Kclflc Coa»t Agent!
COMPAGNIS GENEKALE TKAN8ATl.ANTIQ0Sr
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '.- to .
Sailing: every Thursday. Instead of «rffi*Cn%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier iZ.
North. River, foot of Morton street. Flrat-class
to Havre. Pi and upward. Second clans to
Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. Si
Broadway (Hudson building), Xew York. J.
F.. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
»old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.Are Afraid of Fire.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee rerom
mended yesterday that the school lot on
Fan liruno avenue, near Twenty-fifth
F t re4 >t. b«? transferred to the Fire Depart
ment for the er«»ctlon of a firehouse. Ac
tion was taken at the request of residents
In the vldnity. who represented that there
Is no f.rehDuse in a radius of a mile or
"'The application of the Market Street
Hallway Company to store petroleum in
Its various power-houses and to rrect a
steel tank of 30,000 barrels raparity in the
hlork bounded by -ftlameda. Hampshire
«nd York streets was referred to. the Fire
Marches.
The Street Committee recommended
that the Board of Works expend $497 in
the repaving of the roadway in front of
the echoolhouse on Washington street, be
tmecn Franklin and Gough.
The paste diamond Is like the ppuriou«
nobleman. Both successfully dazzle until
detected.
HONOLULU — Arrived Teb 15— Nor bark
Pasapartout. Feb 20— Stmr Ventura, hence Tet>
14: Btmr Hataloi. hence Feb 10. Feb 21— Schr
Rosamond, hence Feb 3. Feb 23— Ship C F
Sargent, from Tacoma; bark Topgallant, from
Manila. Feb 2&-Jap stmr Nippon. Maru, henre
Feb 19. Feb 27— Nor stmr Era, hence Feb 13.
Feb 2S— Jao itmr America Maru. from. Honsr
kong.
-.. HONOU'Lr- Sailed Feb 20— Br iitinr Oopack.
for Guam' and Manila. Feb rt— Stmr Ventura,
for Sydney. Feb 22— Schr Eureka, for Grays
Harbor. Feb 23-Bark B P Cheney, for Ta
coma. Feb 17— Bktn Benlcla. for San Fran
cisco. Feb 28 — Pchr Helen, for San Franclwn.
Feb 2* — V B Btmr Sheridan, for Manila: N*>r
stmr Eva, for Yokohama; Btmr Zealandta. for .
San Francisco, via Hllo: ship James Drum
mond. for Port Townsend.
To sail March S— Bark R P Rlthet. fsr San
FY«ncl»eo.
MAHUKONA— Sailed Feb 51— Schr Emma
Claudlna. for San Francisco.'
HILO— Arrived Feb 1*-Schr O M Kello**.
from Eureka. Feb 17— Schr Jtnnte Wand, from
Eureka. Feb -2— Bark Anals Johnson, hens*
Sailed March 7— Br stmr Port Stephens.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Arrived March 7— Br
bark ColIinoTov-e. (ran Hhonxhai. and rrporta
Br ship La Omtne arrived at Rtwal Roada.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 7— Stmr Carlisle
City. h*nc# March 5.
Thursday. March 7.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Gutfcrte. 30 hours from
Monterey and way ports.
Schr I VI Xorte. Jacobson. 3'i days from Co
qullle Itiver.
ARRIVED.
SAN JOSE. March* 7.— The .work of
swearing a jury to try the $10,000 libel suit
brought by Sheriff Mansfield of San Ma
teo County against D. E, O'Keefe, editor
of the Redwood City Times-Gazette, occu
pied . the day in Judge - Ix>rigan's ¦ court.'
The talesmen are being closely examined.
John E. Richards is attorney for O'Keefe
and W. A, Bowden and H. E. Highton are
counsel for Mansfield.
Swearing In a Jury.'
Vessel Reaches Victoria After a Dan
gerous Voyage From
Japan.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 7.— The ship
Kulomene, which arrived to-night from
Hlogo, Japan, which port she left on
January 20, reports a very rough pas
sage, during which she lost her fore and
main lower topsails, which blew, right
out of the gaskets during a terrific hur
ricane which tho ship encountered on
February 22 and 23. The wind blew from
the eastward, and after the two lower
topsails were carried away and the in
ner jib had broken adrift the yards took
charge and the braces carried away. The
ballast shifted, and during tho storm' the
ship rolled so fearfully that it was feared
she would turn turtle. After the breeze
there was a calm and the ship Was tossed
in the trough of a heavy sea and labored
considerably. :,
HURRICANE DAMAGES
THE SHIP EULOMENE
TACOMA, March 7.-Quartermaster
General Ludlngton at Washington to
day approved the recommendation of Ma
jor Ruhlen. local quartermaster, for the
lease of a 1000-foot wharf and dock on the
Tacoma water front offered by the North
ern Pacific Railway. The object of the
Government in obtaining facilities on a
large scale like this is to concentrate the
North Pacific transport business, which
embraces six to ten Government vessels
earning supplies, troops and . horses to
the Philippines. Alaska and China. Tho
lease executed to-day runs for six months,
following which the Northern Pacific will
supply to the Government an immense
new warehouse and dock 1500 feet Ions oa
tide lands now bclr.^ zllicd In.
BENTCIA, March 7.— A four-masted
schooner 190 feet long. 40 foot beam end 14
feet 6 Inches depth of hold was successful
ly launched from Captain Turner's ship
yards here this afternoon. Sho was chris
tened The Solano, In honor of the County
in which she was built. Master Chapman,
a young pon of A. E. Chapman, manager
of the yard, and grandson of Captain Tur
ner broke the bottle of winn across her
bows. Through the efforts of Supervisor
Crooks of this city th» County Board pre
sented the vessel, with a complete code of
signal flags. '
Fully 1000 spectators witnessed the
launching and nearly 100. including the
members of the famous Benicia Juvenile
band were on deck when the word was
given and the vessel slipped out into the
The Solano will be ready for duty. In
about three weeks and her first voyage
will b© to Alaska, Sh« Is chartered bv tho
Alaska Salmon Packing Company. Cap
tain Rosich Is to be in command.
GOVERNMENT XBASES
WHARF AT TACOMA
Solano.
Christening of the
One Thousand Spectators Witness the
SCHOONER LAUNCHED
AT BENICIA YARDS
ceived by the steamer Cottasre City, which
arrived this morning, of a rich gold dis
covery in the Porcupine Creek. Gravel
has been found yielding J3 to the bucket.
Rich Oold Discovery.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 7.-Xews Is re-
BENICIA. March 7.— Loufs Johns' sailor
boardlngr-house. which for twenty years
stood at 21- Vallejo street. San Francisco,
is here from its trio up the bay an a
barge. A landing was successfully made
at 3 o'clock this afternoon. ! Benlciana
turned out en masse to catch the first
glimpse of that historic edifice. .
Collapse of a Shaft and En
tombs Workmen.
GEISENKIRCHEN. Prussia, March 7.-
Ten persons were killed and many injured
to-day by an explosion of fire damp in tli^
Consolidation mine. It is feared that
others are entombed. The adjoining shaft
collapsed, and at present It la impossible
to reach the men.
John Sheridan's Sentence.
HAVANA, March 7.— John Sheridan,
formerly In charge of the money order de
partment of the Havana postofflce, who
was arrested January- 20 charced with
the theft of $1300 sent from the postmaster
at Guantanamo December 26, was sen
tenced to-day to two years' Imprisonment
and to pay a fin© of J1300. the amount of
his defalcation.
Floating House Reaches Benicia.
Explosion of Fire Damp Causes tho
TEN" LIVES ARE LOST
IN A PRUSSIAN MUTE
SOFIA, March 7.— Prince Ferdinand, in
the course of hi3 speech at the opening
of the Sobranje to-day, said the. new Cab
inet would devote Itself to terminating the
financial crisis and to endeavoring to
strengthen the tie9 uniting Bulgaria, with
her liberator. Russia, as well as to devel
oping clo?er. relations with neighboring
states.
Prince Ferdinand Says th« Cabinet
Will Seek to Strengthen the
Ties of Friendship.
seveaty-flve cases of smallpox exist at
Flak, a small town east of this city. The
people have disregarded the quarantine
regulations. To-day balls and chains wer«»
sent to Fisk and every patient and thoso
who have been exposed will be shackled
In order to keep them Indoors.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 7.-Dr V? B
Swan, secretary of the State Eoard of
Health. Issued a bulletin to-day statinc
that there are over 10OO casern of small
pox in the State. The worst infected dis
trict 13 Crawford and Cherokee counties
In these two counties there are not less
than 500 cases of the disease.
m
BULGARIA IS ANXIOUS
FOR RUSSIA'S SUPPORT
STTACgI.ES WTLI. HOLD .
SMALLPOX PATIENTS
Severe Measures Taken, in a Missouri
Town to Prevent Violation of
the Quarantine.
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo., March 7.— About
niEF ON THE OPERATING, TABLE— Mro.
Tureott. »" resident of Petaluma. <Jle<l on the
*wr»tlnK table i,f the California Woman's
H<-*i'.tal in this city yesterday afternoon, pre
sumably from the effects of chloroform. She
rtm» to the hospital la«t Monday to be oix>r
¦ red upon for cancer of the liver. sn<l while
T>r. Fairchlld was administering the anes
thetic fhe p»f>i»e<l away. Coroner Iceland will
bold an tnquef>t. Mr?, Turoott was a poor
woman and her exr*-n»<e* at the hospital were
; • ! by her I'etaluma frl«n<Jn.
CONDEMNATION- of LAND FOR DEBRIS
Df FOUNDING. -fnited States T»i«rict Attor
rey Marihall R. Woodruff has prepared a Fult
that will be filed within a feu- days for the
condemnation of 143 ar-re* in Yuha. <*ountv ad-
Jaceit to the Sacramento and Feather river*.
t« b* used by the California Debrla Oojnmi*-
F!«n»n« fnr the purpose or restraining dam?,
reservo'.rn. cana'K, weir*. Morale Kites, etc. The
parties defendant are f=. Harriman. Samuel
TraJnor. the Ollt Edre Placer mine. Achlmeden
Oold Mining Company nnd Bright Ftar Mining
Company. No value has ».een placed upon the.
property, and the I'nitM f-'tates Circuit Court
will b* afkM tr» fix the value.
KRIEnMAN* HEIRS CITED— A citation un
«er section 1C<5« of the Code of Civil Pm
<*.-<3ur»> was Issued y<-st>-r'iay. directinc all
<ievtf»e* *nd legatees un<i<r the will of the
late Julius Friedman, hi* heira nnd all per
»nn« -.-...¦ c any claim to any portion of hi*
»»t»te. to apr*"'" before .fudge Troutt and
present their claim* and proof of their lnter
«-«* in th» estate. Thi« actlrn will lnHure the
rpee<!y Rrttlerrrnt of the eytate and the »d
3u*tment of all '-laims and will avoid a multi
plicity of «.ctioni".
nm for wiNnson hotel— a bid of
SM50 fnr the lrar*e and furnishings of thrr Wlnd-
PT Jl' trl, trade by .!. T. L*wis. ha? been
flSe-3. The bctej* was recrntty conducted by
rtol>ert ES. GlUM and William Trewhejla. The
r.r*t nam<v1 ip now in jail en a «-haree of hav
ir.jr murdered the la«t named. The hid for the
h<ttel i* ir compliant with an ord<r Of Hale
l»*u«"<1 by the Superior Court in th* action filed
by G!aze an<l h!» wi> against TrewhellVg
heir* for an accounting and dissolution of the
• ' partnerrhip.
MARVIN FOOD'S 1ATHKR-I.V-L.UV DIES
— Patrick O'Cor.nor, tN.ilermaker, ajteil 55 year*
<*.i'-<i radtariy last U'edacaday evening at hii>
rpfidence, 3>3 Thirteenth *tr«.-et. After f-atinjc
his sapper ho «;.« taken ei< k and Dr. Lorent
»n was called in. hut Mr. O'Connor died with
in h«lf an hour. The Iwly uss taken to the
Morrue yeftrnJay. He via* the father-in-law
of Marvin Ford, who recrntly *trui-k <lown a
<~hlne!"> merchant with a bludgeon and robbed
him in broad
HCHOOKEB CaUCCS LIBELED— Frank Ol
*en. third mate <.f the c<Klfi«-hing schooner
Vmnus. filed a tlbd acainn the vessel yef<
vrday in the [felted states District Court to
rvoow $2O uapes with interest *inre April
5SJ». In that month h^ was struck by the
t-^-iir. »i* leg frjn-U:r«v3 fn three place? and
hi* bed broken f<> that he was unable to per
i>rm his work. He /If-tr.and* wages for the
time <!i:rir.g which he was incapacitated by the
a<-oi^.>n?.
APPEAL ON BANK TAXE.- PrBMITTED-
The arjrumem in the rase «if Assessor Dodpe
arsiirift th* N<-vada Hank of . ranrlsoo «a s
Tnii'Ie yf^fr'lay antl the case submitted tx*fi»re
fnited states Cirruit Judges Gilbert and Itoss
»n<i I'nited District Jud*e Hawley. fit
tir.tf as tho United ftatfs Circuit Court of
Appeals.
MEMORIAL TO THE I.ATE SENATOR
WHITE- A memorial on the death of the late
Ff-iiatnr Stephen M. Whin- will be prepare-! by
th* Pocir-ty of California Pionf^rs. Mayor
James n. Phelan. Cornelius Cole an<1 Walter
Van Dyke have Ix-tn aM<oint€-d a. committee
for this jiurjjose.
CHtT.CH BENEFIT CONCERT-A church
hymnal fun<1 brnc-flt win b? held at Trinity
M«lfco4Jst Churrh to-r.:*rht. The rrosramme
*•!•! consist of vocal and Instrumental munlc
t V members an<l friends of the church. R<»-
CmbineaU will be fc^rved at the close cf the
concert.
ALBORHLLE DKNIHS MAHRIAGE-Tony
I. Allx-.rrHe Sn-1irnant!y denies tho story of
ma marrlap*' at Kcno some time ago to Mrs
Krankif MoMJjlan. He m>« hr an<1 Mr«. Mc-
M!<!»ri nrp fimj.ly frimds ami that th» rumored
marr!&F<> is the work of practical Jokers
AN INSOLVENT MERCHANT- John A
merchant. Pan Francisco, flled a petition
In insolvency yesterday in th» fnit*>d States
Dittrir-t Court. His liabilities a* an Individual
• mount to $2^3 S«. and a.« a partner of Thomas
J. Cur.'ey to SKSS S3.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Ex-Alderman James Dunne of Brook
lyn. N. Y., the famous handball plajer,
will arrive in this city to-day. His com
ing has been eagerly awaited by the local
players, who are desirous of pitting their
skill against the Easterner.
J. C. Nealon.a personal friend of Dunne,
received word of his coming. Mr. Nealon,
despite his age. Is one of the best men at
the game on this coast. When Casey and
Dunne were here some years ago Nealon
and "Jack" Bonnet played a series of
games at Ryan's court.
Bonnet has oeen forced to Rive up the
game on account of a serious Injury to his
knee and will not be able to meej Dunne.
Nealon is hopeful, however, of getting up
a match game between Al Hampton, and
pome of the other local experts. Dunne
and Casey are looked upon as being the
leading exponents of the game in this
country. As a team they defeated the
bei=t players In the ITnited States.
Mr. Dunne will be Invited by the Olym
pic Club to exhibit his cleverness in the
club's new regulation court. There are a
score of good men at the club who are
willing to go against the Eastern expert.
HANDBALL EXPERT WILL
PLAY IN SAN FRANCISCO
Ex- Alderman James Dunne, the Fa
mous Exponent of the Game,
Arrives To-Day.
PRINCE ENGALITSCHEFF. a
Russian nobleman, who served on
the staff of General Waldersee in
Peking, arrived on the steamship
America Maru yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
The Prince might be described in the
social columns of a weekly paper as "tall,
willowy and brimful of magnetism." After
inscribing his name and title In a bold
hand on the hotel register he adjourned
to the grillroom and dallied with some
English mutton chops. At the close of his
meal he was approached by an attache
cf the hotel, who presented the newspaper
reporters' cards. The Prince frowned
down the bearer of the cards, and with
a fierce look at the reporters, suggestive
of the typical Russian Prince in melo
drama, who shouts all through the play
••Ba^'k to the mines, you dogs!" he strode
out of the hotel. •
Prince Buys Valet a Ticket.
The Prince will never be traced by the
quarters that he drops, as a well known
financier once said of himself, for the
Muscovite noble is thrifty. He called at
the ticket office of an Eastern railroad
and wanted to know the cheapest way to
reach New York. The clerk, not recogniz
ing the distinguished inquirer as a Prince
of the royal blood. Informed him that the
cheapest route he ,knew of was "hitting
a brakebeam."
Eventually the Prince negotiated for a.
first class ticket for himself and a second
class ticket for bis valet to New York.
For the valet to travel second class is con
sidered very bad form by railroad men;
at least that was their decision when they
A communication was received from the
Paris Commissioners, which stated that
the claim of $200 entered by the Park Com
missioners for damage done the exhibit
loaned them from the Park Museum was
too high and therefore could not be enter
tained.
' V A T^y}°\ was ? ranted Burlingame
and Hurlingham clubs to play polo on the
recreation grounds Wednesday afternoon;
March 13.
A bid was received from the. Wilgus
Manufacturing Company, offering to in
stall an oil-burning plant at the pumping
station for $397, but no action was taken
A petition was received from propertv
owners in the vicinity of the park asking
permsslon to use part of the Park Lodge
as a library. The petition was supported
by a letter from the Free Library Trus
tees and Mayor Phelan. Action on the
petition will be taken at the next meet-
Roadway to Ingleside.
The Park Commissioners were besieged
last night by a delegation of auto
mobllists, who asked to be allowed the
privilege of propelling their horseless ve
hicles through the park. The point pre
sented by Mr. Hyde, spokesman of the
delegation, was that the machines pro
pelled by gasoline and steam be allowed
the same privileges granted, the' electric
machines. On motion of Commissioner
Lloyd it. was agreed to grant them the
temporary right to enter the park at the
Waller-street entrance, ride along the
south drive to the bridge, under that to
the Ocean boulevard and along that high
way, south to Ingleside. Permits, how
ever must be obtained by the owners of
machines from the president of the com
mission until such time as rules are
adopted governing the use of "autos" in
the park.
tomobilists to Uss the Park
Temporary Permission Granted Au-
COMMISSIONERS EXTEND
LIMITS FOR CHAFFEURS
Baron von Polenz. a dashing voung
German cavalry officer, also arrived on
the America Maru and registered at the
Palace.
This is. not the Prince's first visit to
California. He was here several years
ago and was engaged to a society bud
The engagement was broken off. The
Prince also resided in Chicago for some
time. . »
The theory is advanced by some of the
railroad men that the Prjince en his way
over from the Orient on the America
Maru spent some of his leisure time read
ing literature distributed by the Southern
Pacific Railroad. The fruit pamphlets
are bound in attractive covers. When the
reader of one of these books has finished
the last page he is convinced that the only
thing needful to raise apples In California
is to sit on the front porch of the house
erected on the place and listen to them
grow.
Victim of Railroad Literature.
The Prince became communicative to a
clerk employed in the railroad office. To
him the Prince unbosomed himself, stat
ing that he was to visit Del Monte and
that he wns going to look Into the apple
raining industry. That is the only in
formation the Prince has of his own free
will vouchsafed during his twenty-four
hours* stay in this city. Whether the
Prince intends to invest some of his fat
bank roll in California fruit lands or
whether he will enlighten his serfs in
Russia on the art of raising the apple can
only be found out by some one who is
closer to the Prince than the railroad
clerk.
join?d In an anvil chorus on the departun
of the Prince from the railroad office t<
pay a visit to the bank.
PRINCE ENGALITSCHEFF, A NOELEMAN OF RUSSIA. AS HE AP
PEARED WHILE UNBOSOMING HIMSELF TO A SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC CLERK AND INCIDENTALLY ASKING ABOUT APPLES.
PETALUMA, March 7.— The biggest
eagle ever seen in this section of the State
was killed by its owner here to-day after
two weeks of , surgical treatment had
failed to mend: a broken leg. From tip to
tip the eagle spanned eleven feet and Its
extended claws were eleven inches across.
Three times the broken leg was incased
In a plaster of- paris cast which was al
lowed to. become thoroughly hardened-be
fore the bird was released. Each time the
eagle tore off. the solid cast as though it
were made of tissue paper. When the
cast - was .. set to the leg the eagle was
chloroformed, and double the dose of
chloroform used for an ordinary man was
required to put the big bird to sleep. Dur
ing one of the operations the eagle "came
to, and a fierce fight ensued between
three men and the bird. ,The eagle wag
conquered by throwing^, carpet over It.
Captive Bird With Broken Leg Is Put
Out of Its misery.
MONSTEB EAOLE KILLED.
• M. P. Snyder, Mayor, Los Angele*. Cal.—
Dear Sir: In answer to your invitation to
subscribe to the fund being raised, for the
purpose of erecting a monument to- Senator
White. I b*K to name $25. Mr. White was
not only a faithful public servant, but he was"
also a man of great ability and moral cour
age. His death 1* a great loss to th* coun
try- Tours truly, W. J. BRYAN'.
LOS ANGELES, March 7.— Numbered
among the many prominent citizens of the
Middle West who have contributed to th--»
White memorial fund is William Jennings
Bryan, late Democratic candidate for the
Presidency. Mr. Bryan was invited by the
executive committee to make a subscrip
tion to the fund and he hastened to re
spond. The receipt of this letter, in which
the Nebraska statesman pays a high trib
ute to the memory of the late Senator
White is greatly appreciated by the mem
bers of the executive committee. The let
ter follows:
LINCOLN. Xebr.. Feb. 2S, 1901.
Monument Fund.
NVoraskan Sends Contribution! to the
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March 7.— President
E. P. Rlpley of the Santa Fe, twenty-five
members of the Chicago Commercial Club
and ten guests of that body arrived here
this evening on their tour through the
Western States and Territories. Until to
morrow night they will be the guests 'of
the Phoenix Board of Trade. Several spe
cial features for their entertainment have
been arranged, the most novel being a
steer-tying contest and an exhibition of
bronco "busting." They will be conveyed
to various points of Interest and shown
as many of the sights In this region as
the limited time will allow.
President N. K. Masten of the Marlcopa
and Phoenbc Railroad and his daughter
Alice arrived here this morning and early
to-morrow morning President Charles M.
Hays, General Manager J.' Kruttschnltt.
Third Vice President J. C- Stubbs and
other officials of the Southern Pacific will
come for a visit of a day or two. An invi
tation was extended to President Hays
when he first went to the coast, but he
was unable to avail htmself'of it. He will
stop here on his way home from an inspec
tion of the Eastern system of the South
ern Pacific. President Rlpley and party
will continue their journey "West on ¦ Fri
day night. - ¦
BRYAN'S TRIBUTE TO WHITE.
Party.
President Bipley and His
Frontitr Amusement Provided for
PHOENIX ENTEBTAINING
DISTINGUISHED OUESIS
Dr. Reinhardt had been on the field with
some of the' students during their prac
tice work. Soon after the accident to |
Schuster occurred he ordered an ambu
lance and the helpless man was removed
to the sanitarium, the surgeons being
summoned Immediately from Oakland and
San Francisco. The total paralysis was
regarded by the surgeons as significant of
an extremely serious injury to the spine.
They found sufficient evidence to warrant
them In making. a guarded report that
there was a spinal fracture. Without
giving a final opinion on the" case there is
little doubt in the minds of the doctors
that such is the nature of the injury and
that recovery is practically out of the
Question.
Schuster went out on the field shortly
after 2 o'clock to practice vaulting. On
his first try he ran with his pole, reached
the take-off and swung up into the air.
When near the crossbar and some nine
feet from the ground the pole snapped
Summoned an Ambulance.
The spinal cord had been so seriously in
jured that the Burgeons pronounce the
case extremely critical. The surgeons
who conducted the examination were Dr.
Harry Sherman. Dr. Herbert C. Moffitt,
Professor A. H. Taylor of the medical de
partment of the University of California.
Dr. Carl R. Krone, Dr. D. D. Crowley and
Dr. George Relnhardt. the latter being
assistant professor of physical culture at
the university.
BERKELEY, March 7.— Through
the breaking of a pole with
which he was vaulting this after
noon at the university athletic
grounds, Henry M. Schuster, a
prominent university student, sustained
injuries which will probably result fatally.
The young man was completely paralyzed
from his shoulders down, including his
arms and legs. An ex£#nination of Schus
ter's injuries this evening by surgeons at
the East Bay Sanitarium, where the
young student was removed, resulted In
the discovery of a probable fracture of
the spine between the fourth and fifth
vertebrae.
•KANSAS "CITY. March 7.— Mary , L.
James, daughter of the late bandit, Jesse
James, was married last night 'at the vil
lage of Kearney, not far from here, and
within a mile or so of her father's old
home. The Broom was Henry L.»Barr. a
young Clay County fanner, rvank James
did not attend, but all the rust of the
family was there, including Jes'je Jr.; now
a cigar dealer of this city. - ¦
JV.sse James' Daughter a . Bridal
LOS ANGELES. March 7.— It was an
nounced this afternoon that E. T. Earl,
the millionaire fruit shipper, who recently
disposed of his interests in the Earl Fruit
Company and the Continental Fruit Ex
press, has purchased a controlling Interest
in the Los Angeles Evening Express and
been elected president pi the Express Pub
lishing. Company. F. M. Kelsey will re
main vice president and general rnanager
and the policy of the paper will continue
the same heretofore. -. -•
Earl Buys a Newspaper.
SANTA ROSA, March 7.— A petition for
letters of administration on the estate of
the late Mrs. Rebekah Lowry was filed
here to-day by Dr. J. W. Lowry. her hus
band. The value of the estate is placed
at $70,000. No will has been found. Dr.
and Mrs. Lowry were married only a few
years ago. and as the surviving husband
he will under the law inherit one-third of
the estate. Mrs. Lowry was the widow
of the late E; T. Farmer, a pioneer cap
italist, and had several grown . children,
to whom the balance. of the property will
go. They are Charles R. Fanner of. Santa
Rosa, Mrs. Belle Webb of Palo-. Alto. Mrs.
A. C. Griffith of this city and Mrs. Charles
W. Fox of San Francisco.
Mrs. Lowry Left No Will.
PORTLAND. March 7.— Franklin S.
Walker to-day pleaded guilty In the
Criminal Court to information charging
him with embezzlement of $1S4O from the
London and San Francisco Bank, .where
he was until recently employed as a
clerk. Judge George said that on ac
count of circumstances surrounding the
case sentence would be suspended and he
would release the young man on bail,
provided' he would appear before the
court for sntence at any time it might
be so ordered. The court said the matter
of sentence would depend largely upon
the future conduct of walker. Bail; was
flxed at $1500 and a bond was imme
diately filed. •¦ •
COURT GIVES FREEDOM
TO EMBEZZLING. CLERK
This sentiment brought volleys of cheers
and repeated salutes, from the veteran
army officers who listened to It.
¦ ¦ . _• •-.
"The principles of American liberty have
been consecrated for the world at large.
They journey far and wide. No Monroe
doctrine can hold them between the At
lantic and Pacific. Wnerever the flag- of
our country floats there is freedom and
liberty. It Is not for. me to discuss the
legal question as to whether the constitu
tion does or does not follow the flag. This
I do dare say — that if the constitution does
not follow the flag according to law. let
us pray that the law be changed."
CHICAGO. March 7.— Addressing a ban
quet of the local commandery of the Loyal
Legion to-night Archbishop Ireland said:
go Some Revision.
Law, or the Law Should Under-
Conslitution Should Follow It by
AKCHBISHOP IRELAND
TALKS OF THE FLAG
The injury to Schuster is the third case
of fracture of the spinal column which
has~"oecurred at the university during the
past two years. The death of Lee Duff,
who was hurt at football, is still fresh In
the students' minds. In the fall of 1S99
Jesse Hicks, a beginner at the game, had
his neck broken in a tackle at a practice
game on the campus. He survived only a
couple of days, while Duff lived several
months. • ;
Schuster Is one of the popular young
men in the university. He is a junior in
the college of social science and was mak
ing jurisprudence hla principal study. He
Is a member of the glee club and a musi
cian of marked ability. His father, A. C.
Schuster, resides in Santa Barbara, The
young man Is a graduate of the Santa
Barbara High School. While In Berkeley
he resided at 2223 Union street. Hi? rela
tives were notified by telegraph as soon
as the seriousness of the accident was
made known.
The pole which broke with Schuster was
considered strong. It was the one taken
East last year by Jack Hoffman and used
by him during the contests there. The
same pole had been in service here during
the time that rractice has been going on
this season at the university.
Pole Was Considered Strong.
Schuster was a novice at the work he
was doing. Ha had some faults in his
style of handling the pole which he had
realized, and was daily practicing to cor
rect. It was said among the students
who had been watching his vaulting that
the chief trouble lay in his manner of
setting the pole. It was noticed that he
caused the pole to spring In the middle
by throwing hi3 weight across Instead of
with the grain of the wood.
and Schuster fell heavily on the wooden
take-off — a plank set on edge In the
ground where the vaulter leaps. Schuster
struck the obstruction on his back and
shoulders. He lay there unable to move,
and fellow students rushed to his assist
ance. They carried Schuster to the gym
nasium, not realizing at first the serious
nature of the injury. But no time was
lost in sending the young athlete, to the
Oakland Sanitarium, where surgeons at
once took charge of him.
Exciting Bouts Will Be Fought at the
San Francisco Athletic Club
To-Night.
Alec Grrpgair.?. manager, referee and
f.ght promoter, has Invited his friends to
n risijc soiree to J>e held in the gymnasium
rf the San Francisco Athletic Club to
right. He has rropnrod * fine programme
for their benefit, and there is every prob
ability that the open invitation will be ac
cepted by every rir.g-proer who enjoys a
hot >=crap.
Billy Snailha^n. champion amateur ban
tam of t!:e coast, will engage in hostili
ties with :'. youth named Curley. who rep
r«ponts the Seattle Athletic Club. Snail
ham is a frisky tighter and manages to
ir.ake his opponent feel that he is in the
ring. Curley Iijs pome fame as a boxer,
and cam<* down to this city in the hope of
capturinc the championship. Artie Gran
field ani "KM" I>a!y of Denver will box
for th" amateur featherweight champion
ship of the «<ias=t. Granrield has fought
time and atrain before the local clubs and
Is rated a pood man. Daly has done good
¦wnrk In training and should pufSip a stiff
argument. Six other bouts will precede
the main events. The following well
known men will engage:
-Turk <~nr4e!l V5. Kid Parker. 115 pounis:
Billy Murphy vs. Jack Revens, -U>0 pounds; Ed
Daly vs. Hilly McDonald. ISO pounds; Charles
Kysn \*. .lark Murray. 130 pounds; Archie Dean
v(=. p<?te Colerr-an. lir, pounds; Jim Pallas vs
Mike Pui-tin. 145 pounds.
AMATEUR CHAMPIONS TO
BOX FOREIGN TALENT
Have New Assignments During
the Present Ssssion.
WASHINGTON. March 7.-A conference
of Republican Senators has been called for
to-morrow to decide what course to pur
su.e with reference to committee assign
ments. New Senators and some of the
older ones who are not entirely satisfied
with their present committeo places are
urging a reorganization during the present
session, but the older Senators are resist
ing the move as contrary to the practice
of the Senate. They also contend that tha
reorganization, if undertaken, would keep
the extra session going for an Indefinite
time, 'and are using their strongest pow
ers of persuasion to secure postponement
of the matter until next December.
As- a means to this end committees of
the two sides of the chamber to-day met
and agreed to recommend - that the ser
geant at arms should be Riven- authority
to dispose during the recess of appoint
ments in the Senate controlled by the out
coing Senators. It Is. believed that this
arrangement will satisfy the demands of
the new men.'
Mild Case of Smallpox.
STOCKTON, March 7.-A mild case of
smallpox w-aa discovered in this city to
day. ¦ The patient Is John Wetmore,- re
sidmjr in the southern part of Stockton.
A strict quarantine has been. placed about
the house and it is not feared the disease
wll! spread. .'-V. " V
Many of the Senators Endeavoring to
COMMITTEE PLACES
NOT TO THEIR LIKING
Thousands of Santa Clara Children
Plant Flowers for the May
Carnival.
SAN JOSE. March 7. — San Jose's recep
tion to President McKJnley upon his visit
to this city in May is being arranged upon
lines of great magnificence. May is Santa
Clara County's montn of flowers . and
bldssoms and these will b» used profusely
in decorating the. city. Each section will
be represented by its own peculiar blos
soms and St. James Park, in the center of
tha city, will be a massed bower of fra
grance and bloom. The school children
are taking an active interest and it w ex
pected that SfOO will be in the line of pa
rade with foats and vlth flowers.
A ton of flower se=l was distribute to
the children of the schools some time ngu
and now there are thousands watchincr
eagerly the progress of their flower beds
and waiting for the plants to blossom."
Rose bushos, which grow in rank profu
sion throughout the courty. have received
careful trimming and pruning and It is
believed that there w!H be nore than
enough blossoms fov the iis-3 of ;ho carni
val.
A commute has been selected to Iook
after all decorations and there will be no
inharmonious coloring to spoil the gen
eral effect. Crimson and gold have been
chosen for the carnival colors and will
be the keynote for all decorations.
LITTLE TOTS PREPARING
WELCOME FOR McKINLEY
SEATTLE, March 7.— While he wa3
stepping down the gangplank of the Sound
steamer Rosalie this morning at 5 o'clock,
upon the vessel's arrival from Victoria,
James O'Brien was arrested by Customs
Inspectors Osborne and Brinker. O'Brien
had a valise filled with smuggled opium.
He had taken passage at Victoria, but
successfully eluded the officers at that
place.
Inspector Brinker was in Vi'.toria nnrl
spotted O'Brien, but v.-i did not aUsmut
an arrest. He auietly kept him in view,
followed him aboard r.nd to this ci'.v and
with the assistance of Inspector Osborne
effected the capture here.
When O'Brien was stopped by Spc-oiil
Officer Osborne at the gangplank as he
stepped from the steamer at Schwa
bacher's wharf he protested against what
he called an outrage in being summarily
halted. The officer calmly proceeded to
open the grip, however, and found it
stored with smuggled opium. In all thirty
one-pound tins were packed snugly to
gether in his grip and :n the lining of his
overcoat. Their market value would be
estimated roughly at about $400. The duty
on the whole would am-iunt to $6 a pound,
or $180. As soon as the smuggled opium
was found In the grip Osborne took
O'Brien to the police station and had him
locked up. He also took charge of the
opium.
O'Brien says he was on his way to San
Francisco, whore his v/ife lives.
James O'Brien Arrested by Inspectors
While Landing From a Steam
ship at Seattle. -
CAUGHT WITH GRIPFUL
OF SMUGGLED OPIUM
Alleges Undue Influence on the Part
of the Woman Named as
Beneficiary.
SAN DIEGO, March 7.— The will of the
late Thomas Potter, who dropped dead
on Washington's birthday after a hard
bicycle ride up G-street hill, ha? been
contested by his son, William Potter, of
San Francisco, who is cut off by the in
strument with only Jl on the ground "thai
he has sufficient property of his own to
comfortably provide .or himself."
The will bequeaths all the remainder of
the estate, which includes 240 acres of land
in Pacific County. Washington, bordering
on Shoal Water Day. and personal prop
erty, to Miss E. M. Cnapin of this citv,
"whom," Mr. Potter says in the will, "I
expect soon to make m> wife."
This will was drawn in the office of
L.uce & Sloan, who signed It as witnesses
only the day before the death of the elder
Mr. Potter. Miss Chaoin is nominated as
executrix of the will arc 1 , she asks that it
be admitted to probate. She erives her
age as 63 years and of Mr. Potter as 64.
The ground on which the stepson pra
poses to attack the will is that at the time
of making it his stepfather was not of
sound mind and memory and was not
competent to draw ud n will.
Mr. Potter came to this citv from South
Bend, Wash.. a"bout five months before hi"?
death, his only relative here being a niece.
Miss Chapin, who .Is mentioned in the
will, is an artist whose residence is on
Upper H street.
SON CONTESTS THE WILL
OF LATE THOMAS POTTER
one time national champion tennis player
and a marksman of national reputation,
died to-day of pneumonia.
Harry G. Bixby.
BOSTON. March 7.-Harry G. Blxbr. at
OMAHA, March 7.— Frederick Metz Sr..
president of the Metz Brothers Brewing
Company, died at 4 o'clock this morning,
aged 74 years. He was one of the wealth
iest men in the State and had extensive
property interests in several large West
ern cities. He had been twice married
and leaves a large family of grown sons
and daughters.
Frederick T&etz.
Captain William Stevens.
DETROIT. March 7.— Captain ¦William
R. Stevens, a retired capitalist, died at
his residence in Highland Park last night,
aged 80 years. In company with I* Z.
Leiter of Chicago Captain Stevens organ
ized the Iron Silver Mining: Company In
Leadville, Colo., in 1S75. which operated
one of the first lead and silver mines in
the State. For twenty years Captain Ste
vens lived in the Lake Superior region,
and during that time he located about
100.000 acres of lumber and mineral lands
for Eastern capitalists. He was born in
Geneva, N. Y,
John S. Hlttell, who for fifty years past
has been Intimately connected with this
State's history, passed peacefully away
at hla home, 1215 Uyde street, shortly
after midnight. For the last three, weeks
Mr. Hlttell had been suffering from an
lUnesa which sapped the little strength
the aged historian and Journalist pos
sessed. Notwithstanding the care and at
tention he received fee gradually weakened
and his death was not unexpected.
John Sherzer Hlttell was an author and
journalist of world-wide reputation. Afl
early as 1S57 he published a book entitled
"Evidences Against Christianity." which
drew forth favorable criticisms from the
critics of that time. His "Mining In the
Pacific States." published in 1S62, and "Re
sources of California." given to the public
in 1863, attracted a great deal of atten
tion to the Golden State. He was also the
author of "History of the Mental Growth
of Mankind In Ancient Times." "Spirit of
the Papacy" and the "History of San
Francisco."
During the early days of this Stats ha
was connected with many of the leading
papers and magazines.
Mr. Hlttell was born in Jonestown, Pa..
In 1S25, and received his education In tha
Miami University, from which ho gradu
ated Jn 1S43. He came to California in 1S43.
He was a brother of Theodore Henry
Hlttell, also an author of wide reputation.
Veteran Californian Histo
rian Dies at His Home
in This City.
>
Caine to This State in 1849 and Pub
lished Many Books That At
tained World-Wide Rep- £
utation. i* *<
JOHN S. HITTELL
GALLED BY DEATH
"A big" neero knocked mamma down
and dragged her away." the child told its
father when he returned from work.
Frantic with grief. Younger began a
search and found the body of his wife in
the bushes near the house. Her throat
had been cut and there was evidences of
a terrible struggle between the woman
and the negro. The alarm was given at
once and fully 200 men, all well armed,
started in pursuit of the murderer.
CORSICAN'A, Tex.. March ".—John Hen
derson, a negro, who it Is believed Is the
murderer of Mrs. Younger, was arrested
here this afternoon and spirited away by
officers to HlUsboro, where he is now in
jail. It Is alleged that he had on a suit
of clothing- which was missing from the
Younger farmhouse.
The negro who was in jail, charged with
the murder of Mrs. French last night,
has also been spirited away, whither no
one seems to know. The fact was ascer
tained to-night by a mob of 200 men, who
rallied at the jail and demanded the
negro. When the jailer told them the
negro was not there they insisted on
proof and a crowd was permitted to make
an examination. The men then disap
peared.
The wife of Conway Younger was mur
dered last night while Younger was at
work in a field near by. There was no
one to tell the tale, save a little three
year-old chi'.d.
Texas Jail Searched by Infuriated
Citizens and No Trace of the
Criminal Has Been
Found. . . ' .
Murderer of a Woman Ar
~fested but Spirited Away
LYNCHERS SEEK
A NEGRO'S LIFE
1 — *
A prisoner confined at Alcatraz, as-
F'.sted by a comrade, made a bold but
unsuccessful attempt to escape Wednes
day night. His plans were carefully laid
and had he been allowed a little more
time he •would now l»e enjoying his free
dom. The convict V absence was not dis
covered until the prisoners were being
locked up for the night. A search was
immediately instituted and a boat
manned by a single person was discov
ered nfer the shore of the island.
When the man in the boat was hailed
he plaited to row toward the city. The
puard !:rod twice. The first bullet "did not
take effectj but the second one cut the
rim of hi? hat and caused him to row
Lack to the island and surrender himself.
He waf found to be a discharged prisoner,
v. };,. had been sot at liberty a few days
previous?. He is supposed to have re
tttrned to the island for the purpose of
rescuing his< comrajfle, who was subse
quently discovered by Privates Buell. Ful
ler and Gatley concealed ii; a well. He
»a« standing in water up to his waist
pnd mac jufi about to come out and swim
t" the boat.
The discharped prisoner who tried to
assist in the escape' will be tried by a
court martial, while his comrade has
been sentenced to "serve a term sa the
guardhouse -and reduced to third class.
A Former Comrade Recently Dis
charged From the Island Also
Caught in a Boat Near
tlie Shore.
Military Convict Captured
While Trying to Escape
From Alcatraz.
PLAN TO RESCUE
PRISONER FAILS
THE SAN" JFRAjSCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,. MARCH 8, I 901 -
Engalitscheff Buys His Valet a Second
Class Ticket, Inquires About Apples
and Avoids the Sprightly Reporters
RUSSIAN PRINCE'S
THRIFTY METHODS
Through the Breaking of a : Vaulting
Pole Berkeley Student Sustains
Probable Fracture of the Spine
SCHUSTER MAY PAY
LIFE FOR HIS SPORT
BERKELEY STUDENT WHO MET WITH A PROBABLY FATAL ACCI
DENT ON THE UNIVERSITY CAMPUS THROUGH THE BREAKING
OF A POLE WITH WHICH HE WAS VAULTING.
9
:late shipping intelligence.
THE DAY'S DEAD.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901.
10
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...'.. Phone Main 1575
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
6 more waitresses. Salt Lake City (see head
waiter here);- 2 waitresses. Fresno, $20: 44
waitresses, different country hotels. $20; 5
waitresses, city, $20; waitress for coffee par-
lor, $30, choice place; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman for chamberwork by the
day, $25, sleep home; pantry girl, $17 50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl. small family. Presidio, $30; cook,
Napa, $25; housegirl, Belvedere, 3 In family,
$25, see lady here; houseglrl, Stockton. $25.
see lady here, and many city places. MRS.
- M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.«
A— THREE- neat young lady clerks for retail
store, $1 day. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily ; German preferred. 2405 Webster st.
WANTED— A youngr girl to assist with house-
work. 2424'4 Sacramento Bt., near Fillmor*.
GIRL, for general housework in a small family.
788 Hayes st. •
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post st., room 49.
YOUNG girl for light housework; family of I;
$10. 565 Waller St.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 321 Ellis st. (The
Rosedale).
NEAT competent woman to assist with house-
work; small, family;. $3 per week. . 614 Eddy.
WANTED— A good first-class waitress aj 304
Mason st. ; wages $7 a week.
COOK wanted; references; wages $35. 1157 Oc-
tavla st. -
A GOOD talloress wanted at 2197 Powell, it.
GOOD cook in private family. 1414 Harrison St.,
Oakland, or merchant tailor. 775 Market St..
¦ San- Francisco.
GIRL to do washing.* bed making and clean-
ing. Apply landlady of Sherman House, 23
Eighth st. ¦
BUTTON-HOLE makers and finishers, appren-
tices on vests; paid while learning. 503
Kearny St., room 2.
WANTED— Maker in millinery department.
Apply at HALE BROS., 979-987 Market St.
OPERATORS en ladles' waists, children's hato
and bonnets; good pay. 21 Sansome et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BEL.ASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GIRL to do housework; small family. Apply
57 Bernal ave.. Mission.
WANTED — Young girl for 'housework and as-
sist in store. ! 709 Larkln st.
WANTED— Experienced Ironera at United
Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia , sta.
WANTED— Good maker and errand girl tor
millinery establishment. 766 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted. 253H Stevenson St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. 541 Market st.
BUTTON sewer* on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework and
cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 a_ m., 2211
Sutter st.
CLEVER woman to hire agents in town; sal-
ary and traveling expenses. Box 2116, Call.
WANTED— Good woman cook for men. Apply
2030 Seventeenth St.. near Vermont.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; Bleep home. 403 Grove st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. Eil Mar-
¦ ket at. / - - - ¦
SPANISH speaking girl to care for child and '¦
assist; references. Box 2037, Call office.
YOUNG girl to care for child and sew; refer-
ences. Box 2050. Call office.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 25.
CLASSIFIED adv*ylsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
HELP WANT2DO — A1ALB.
AT C. R. H ANSEN & CO.' S. 10r Geary st
Free Fare Railroad Work Free Fare
SHIP DAILY
30 drillers and tunnelmen for big tunnel.
Chatsworth Park $2 to $2 50
Tool sharpener, big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park I..... ....$2 50
Coal Miners Coal Miners
"White or Colored
Married or Single
See superintendent here to-day........'
Good mines Best of wages
. Free Fare.... Free Fare
Farmers for Alameda, Sonoma and Contra
Costa counties. J20 to $26; 6 milkers, $30 to
$40; gardener, country hotel. $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, $70; meat cook,
country hotel, $50, fare advanced; baker and
pastry cook.- country hotel, $45; third cook,
railroad eating-house, $30; German cook,
country hotel, $35; German third cook, mine
boarding-house, $30; German butcher, country
shop. $40; 2 bellboys, $17 50 and $15
Washer $45, polisher $45, for first-class hotel
laundry, country; washer, $30; hanger up. $25.
' for hand laundry, country. C. R. MANSES
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED—
Buttermaker for creamery, easy place. $33,
board and room and increase; German driver
and solicitor for wine house, wages and com-
mission; planing mill man for country, $3 a
day; wood turner for furniture factory; Ger-
man blacksmith and helper for ranch/ $40, and
$30; 2 milkers, same ranch. $30 and free fare:
.milker, Point Arena. $30: 2 farmers for
large vineyard. $26; - 2 Italians for
vineyard, ?25;" farmer, steady place, $20: 4
farmers for orchard, $20 and $25; milker for .
Nevada, $35; 2 coopers,, slack work, $35 and
board; gardener, country, $23. Remember, ;
we guarantee .all positions and will pay your
fares both ways In addition to returning your •
fee if work Is not offered where we send you.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
8 MEN for ranch work; $1 per day, board and '
- room; man for light ranch work, board, -good
bed, $20; man and wife for small country
place, $40;- gang of men for lumber mills and
woods; 2 men to cut 4-ft. wood, pine, $1 75
per cord, Sonoma Co.; oak, $1 25 tier Cord,
tools furnished; 12 men to grub. $2 per cord, ¦
$5 an acre for grubbing. CAL. EMPLOY- '
MENT AGENCY. 59 Third St.. phone red 31.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and wife, very light ¦
work for wife, $50, fare paid; second cook,
$50; Salt Lake" City, $50. see party here, fare
advanced. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 !
Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union— '
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Man with light wagon to advertise
and sell a well-known cere'al product in San :
Francisco and adjoining towns; salary $65
first month: Bteady -3rrployment and more pay
If successful. Box 1151, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS machine draughtsman and de-
signer; technical ' man preferred; state ex-
perience, age and salary expected; excellent
opening for competent man. Box 2145, Call. '
WANTED— Bright, Industrious boy to work In
general merchandise store; must furnish first- .
class references. Apply before 9:30 a. m.', 2217 ',
Webster st.
WANTED— Salesman for furnishing goods de- ,
partment: young man about 20 years old. S
N. WOOD & CO., 713 Market et.
ONE woodturner and Khaper hand, country;
.non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
WANTED— Trustworthy man for cashier In
restaurant to attend to cash account and look
after hired help. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market
WANTED — An all-around handy man:', must
understand horses; wages $20 to $25 ner
month. Call 500 Haicht Bt.
WANTED— Experienced domestic and drapery
salesmen; state age. experience and salary
expected. Address box 2153. Call office.
WANTED— Young man for porter work; state
, age and salary expected. Address box 212*
Call office.
WANTED— Man who can do lettering. Address
B.. box 2042, Call ofllce.
BOYS, age 8 to 10; must be badly freckled-
good wages. FOWLER. 620 Jones st.
STOCK sawyer for furniture factory. 3071
Seventeenth St., near Folsom. •"
AVANTED— Boy about 10 years., for retail dry
goods store. Box 21 17. Call office. , ,
SOBER, reliable man to plow orchard. Address
Fruit, box 2112, Call office.
"THE Chicago", typewriter, price $35, at 428
• California st.; agents wanted.
ALL' sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half •
price. .. 662 Mission bt, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED^-Pants maker. Apply at SELIG
BROS.. 108 Battery st. - .".^^ ;
BUSHELMAN wanted. 63a' Poet st
WANTED—A man for general housework at
1443 Harrison st. ¦• . ¦ . • . " •
WANTED— A gardener to raise, cut flowers
' with chance to be partner. Call at 1149 Polk!
AN • experienced brick - range setter wanted
¦ Apply D. McRAE. 837 Mission st. ' - ;
HANDY man wanted for saloon . and lunch-
house. 604 Fourth St. -
WANTED— A good . waiter. Call 1507 Market
. Bt, near Eleventh. ....... >.„¦;;,-, ;
BOY wanted. 218 Kearny at. •
HELP WANTED— MALB.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5343
...Leading. Employment and Labor Agents...
....White male help of all kinds furnished....
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help
No syndicate too larxe, no firm too small for
us to supply. No ejection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
¦ Employers, of help: Fhone, telegraph, write
or ral! In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY. 4
We gave employment
In 1S97 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1S98 to upward of 19.000 men.
In 1S99 ti» upward of 21.000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 33.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds of
places awaritlng your selection.
COME READ OUR BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-SPECIAL MACHINISTS
2 all-round machinists, country shop, south,
steady job «3 60 day
MURRAY & READY". 634-636 Clay St.
A— IIJiLP WANTED... 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
MECHANICAL HELP...
Sheetlron worker, city shop $2 to $2 30 day
Blacksmith, wagon shop $2 t0 day
Blacksmith. 10c fare $10 and found
Blacksmith, country shop $65
Sash and door maker, country $3 day
. Machinist, country shop
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
6 farmers, large vineyard, Napa Co $26
3 teamsters, same ranch. $1 50 fare $26
9 farm, crchard and vineyard hands $2S
Farmer, south J50
Dairyman, Sonoma Co., 15 cows $30
6 milkers, different places $30 and $35
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman, country * 30
Choreman, private place, Alameda County....
Man and wife, private place
6 pick and shovel laborers, city $1 73 day
Experienced stage driver, see boss here
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
Assistant butcher, country hotel, see boss
here
6 waiters, different country hotels and re-
sorts. $30 Baker, city. $12 week
6 cooks, city and country $30, $40 and $iO
Dishwashers, kitchen help, etc
, MURRAY & READY. 63I-jS36 Clay st.
WANTED— A good, strong German boy to
learn the csndy trade; one about 13 years,
who lives with his parents and does not
smoke or chew tobacco; reference required.
TOWNSENDS Candy Factory. San Jose
ave.. between ftid and 24th sts.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made toi our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
600 Clay st. Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED — First class hull and engine
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with
modern naval construction preferred; good
wages paid first-class men. Address, stat-
ing experience, MORAN BROS. CO.. Seat-
tle. Wash.
DISTRIBUTOR wanted at Electric Laundry.
837 Folsom st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper at 421 Fifth st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply at 2SH Sixth st.
WAITER wanted. Apply at IS Eddy st.
ERRAND boy. Call after 9 a. m.; references.
108 Sixth St.; store.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Young man. age lF to 21. experl-
enced in camera and kodak supplies ; state ex-
perience and safkry expected. Apply box 2128,
Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
1 that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back": It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 10c and 15c
meals In the city at 410 Kearny St.; the
Maine Restaurant.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; permanent
position: city; state " where previously em-
ployed and at what salary. Box 2133. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A" Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 3C2 Post st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
IlARBER shop for sale; good location; cheap
rent. 52^ Steuart st.
FOR sale — 3-chaIr barber shop; bathrooms;
near city. Box 2095, Call office.
PANTS and vest makers wanted. Apply to 201
Montgomery et. and 1110-1112 Market st.
EXPERIENCED copper, silver and nickel plat-
ers. S. F. Novelty Works. 72 First st.
AGENT wanted. Golden Gate Dye Works, 1421
Point Lobos ave.
BARBERS— Good paying 2-chalr shop for sale
200 Powell st.
BARBER shop for sale, $40; call Immediately":
rent $10; three living rooms. 1812% Folsom.
PANTS pressers wanted by S. N.' WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary St.
- 1
ENGRAVERS- wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. 513 Market st.
CLEANERS and pressers. Golden West Cloth-
Vng Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
STOUT boy to learn bb.cksmlthlng. 43 Eighth
street.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
50 TEAMSTERS; steady work; $2 per day.
Apply at stables In rear 212 Ninth st.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at 527 Fourteenth
• street. ¦ ¦
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Gran-1 Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black horee. S years: sound: 18
hands; weight 1150; guarantee title; also new
road buggy, and harness. l y476 Geary »t7\
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec.. 510. Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlre-J road buggy. DR. L>.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist, 164r r * Golden
. Gate ave., corner Leavenworth st. |
THREE fast road horses; also som« good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys- one 4-ton
express wagon. - 48 Eighth st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carts, buggies, surreya, horses. • 1140 Folsom.
AN. A No. 1 express ->vagon. single, also light
- camplntr wagon, for Bile cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PR INTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN& CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOME residence with all modern Im-
• provements, containing 11 rooms and banquet
hall, to rent; north side.- 2912 Clay st.
NICELY furnished house, 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able, is;:, pest st. .
$12-6 ROOMS and stable or shop; renovated
throughout; water free. 351 Beale' st.
$20: 6 ROOMS, bath, laundry: flne marine view.
¦ 1912 Broadway, near Octavia Bt.
--. ... . l .?y^ i _p_ .y^"?f jrc*"-^ ¦
INVALID furniture and appliances: sale or rent.
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AXD eoVXD.
LOST— A' atone marten collar with black rib-
bon- attached.' on Wednesday, February 27.
- Reward at 1013 Castro St.. near Twenty-third.
LOST— Near Mechanics* Institute, black seal
¦ purse containing about $33. Liberal reward.
Mrs. M. Senary. HH Van Ness ave.
COAT and vest. "hat. shoes and watch. . • The
owner can have tha same T>y giving full de-
scription and applying at room 8 Flood bldg.
LOST— Gordon setter, with license tag No. 3182-
reward. 213 Sansome st, city.
ARASMO LUCIDO of Black Diamond will pay
a reward of S40 to any one who will return
i ¦ to . him a salmon net lost in the . nelghbor-
- hood of Rodeo, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. 27.
LOST— Knights Templar emblem with name
of THOMAS D. RIORDAN thereon. Reward
of $10 will be paid to finder at office - of
RIORDAN. 32S Montgomery st.
PARTY who found diamond rings on wash-
stand, Felix Restaurant; $50 reward; keep-
•ake: positively no questions asked EM
CONNOLLY. 116 California St. " ¦-."•.
LOST— March 4. purse containing- $13. _3 ne "*'
return to MIBS BLANCHE KELLY, Stewart
Hotel. EHla and Leavenwortn sts.
LEATHER notebook with name of owner ln-
slde. Return 5U Turk et.: reward.
LOST— Watch charm, design gold wheel; Ub-
eral reward. Return to 16 Beale «t.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD, gold, silver, diamonds and precious *tone»
botght. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market it.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy lad!e«
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 7C6 EUla st.
MATTRF.SSKS A.\I> 1 - :> '" <>l -^ f r^| lt _ Y -.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. South 752;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly r»-
* liable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh St.
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.
6 MONTHS or more, residence 12 rooms, mod-
ern Improvements, stable, convenient to de-
pot, orchard; also flat. 7 rooms, stable. Iarg«
grounds, conveniently located. Apply P.
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal.
MEDICAL. "
A— R'ENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladles only: my reg-
ulator has no equal: all classes of femala
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others; the only treatment that helps th«
unfortunate: the most obstinate cases ar»
immediately relieved without pain; no other
treatment will do this; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods guaranteed.
DR. G. W. OTX>NNELL. 1013 Mrkt. opp. Sth.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market. th« well-
known ladles' specialists; 33 years' practice;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at offlce; patients treated can return sama
day; those wishing to treat themselves shouM
send for the "HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
MENT;a sure cure; gives Instant relief; harm-
less; any one can use it; stamp for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. rentable specialist: I", yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce: any ailment: home for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 957 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safo and reliable ladles' specialist: 23 years*
successful practice: positive cure guaranteed-
MRS. GOODWIN. 10S3 Market— Private hom»
for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence; reliable.
DR. POPPER, specialist for all female ail-
ments; practice 37 years. 223 Kearny St.;
can be »ent.
MRP. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market."
bet. Taylor and Maron: ladles' specialist.
SIIXS3 AAD MIXING.
MINES bought and «old; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. rms.
4?r<-476. 4th floor, Parrott bldg; 10-12; 1-3.
MISCELLANEOUS— POR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: w» always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 34 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Slith; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — R C. St. Bernard, female, < months
old; winner of first and special prize of th»
last Oakland ehow. Address CHAS. LE-
BRECHT. Callstoga. Cal.
FOR sale— Fine yacht. 32 feet Ions. 11-ft beam.
For particulars Inquire of M. O. FEUDNER.
538 Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
FOR Sale — One SO-horsepower boiler, 2 drums.
Fulton mine hoist. For particulars address
J. PORRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close- them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4C3 California.
X— 20- TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. ensiae;
cheap. J. BURKE. 133 Beale St.
30 2ND-HAND enameled Data tubs: 20 H. P.
Westlnghouse motor; cheap. 204 Mission st
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-han«l;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. -CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. watft and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hard. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Eacrajnento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new ar.J 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
JIISCKLLA.NKOL'S WA.NT3.
WANTED— Second-hand "drop head" high-
grade sewing machine for cash; state prlca
and make; no agents. Box 2C96. Call. Oakland.
LADIES" and gents' cast-oft clothlnic bought &
sold. Sllvermsn. 9S4 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED— Second-hand one-horse wagon suit-
able for bakery business. Box 213S. Call.
MONEY TO IOA.\.
EASTERN and Local Capital to Loan.
City and County Real EstatA
.... Bonds Chattels Corporations ....
....All Kinds of Business Bought and Sold....
Investment. Securities
...Agents for City and Country Real Estate...
Mining and Oil Brokers
MONTGOMERY & CO.. 703-710 Emma
Spreckels Buifding. 927 Market st.
A— MONEY to loan at rates -which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
eecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 15. 1st Coor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent ; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacfes bought: no de-
lay; set my terms before doing business else-
where. R.McCOLCAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store-. S46 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvat*
> party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room, 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room S3.
S% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm, 44. Merchants' Ex, 431 California.
$100.000- TO loan on real estate or for building-
low rate. Home Eldgr. Co.. 223 Sansome. r. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York clan. THE!
TOUSLETY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 9. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTUU3IESTS.
THERE are bargains and bargains, but no
bargains thai can at all compare with th»
bargains that we are offering. Just think of
a thoroughly good, reliable piano for $200 that
can be warranted In every respect and sold,
on easy payments. By and by you can ex-
change It for a fine Decker & Son or Packant
and have the full amount paid en It go as
part payment. This Is one of the bargains
we have to offer. MAUVAIS* 2ICS1C CO .
76*> Market St.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st. are tha
agents for Decker & Son. Packard. Baumels-
ter. Smith & Barnes. Willard and Arlington
pianos.
ANY Derson having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beit
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced piano* for a new Steinway any tlmo
¦within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$8 per month. We offer to sell gome gnod
j'lajios at $.1. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Franciaoo-
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28 I
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, orcana ami '
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. •
$175— STEINWAY upright. Room 33, fi.7 Cteaxy
BUSINESS CIIAXCK* CONTINUED.
AN unprecedented sacrifice; 75-room brick ho-
tel and furniture; doing Immense first-class
($2 a day) business; cost and worth $30,000:
offered for $16,600; has rented for $400; now
run by owner.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary »t.
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent;
location perfect: --Igars. periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 22d ave. station. K. Oakland.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for eal«. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No.« 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
FOR sale— A eteam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $1CO to $150 per
we*k: no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1C45. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap; paying restaurant: price $350;
rent $15: the owner has other business; must
pell. Address 12 Washington St.. or call be-
tween 11 and 1 o'clock dally.
WOOD, coal, hay and grain yard, shed, horse,
wagon. ;»tc. ; Fold on account of slcknets. Ap-
ply S142 Twenty-fourth st.
ELECTRIC business for sale; long established;
good line of trade; parties going north. Box
2040. Call office. ¦
FOR sale— Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
$?25— SALOON and 1 bedroom: bargain. 640
Commercial St.. second door from Kearny.
J1D00— PARTNER wanted; furniture, wall paper
business: country; fine chance. Box 2132. Call.
RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon for sale
cheap. Apply Cj7 Clay St., near Kearny; good
location: rent 135.
SALOON for sale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
East St.. north of Market, this week. ;
FOR sale— A S-chalr barber ehop. Address H.
JACKSON. Uklah. Cal.
$i:5— RESTAURANT, with 2 furnished rooms;
rent $12. 9c9 Howard rt.
FOR pale— Barber shop: good town; Alameda
Co.: bargain. Apply S33 Chester St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale: centrally lo- ]
cated. Apply box 2093. Call offlce.
WANTED— An experienced partner for tailoring
business. Box 211?. Call.
FOR Sale— Cigar store. S33 Third St.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside rou»e on this paper for sale.
Apply business offic?.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SC
Valencia ft.
LODGING-HOL'SKS FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market et.. near Call bldg. Tel. Black IS03.
34 rooms, bonton. finely furnished $800
R rooms. $l(VM. $600. $400. $325. S375 and.... 2fO
10 rooms, $550. $4:.0. $650. $350. $300. up to. S50
60 rooms, rent $135. hair mattresses, run-
ning water In each room: fine business. 3"00
4« nr.»., N. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1S00
I have a lone list: all sizes; several city
hotels; Investigation solicited.
A— 22-ROOM house en principal street;
Income $95; rent $35: housekeeping;
no work: must be sold on account
of sickness. Price $500 spot cash
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. near Call bldg.
SEE OUR LIST CF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them al! sizes and prices:
T2000 — Part cash for centrally located, newly
papered, painted and thoroughly renovated and
refurnished house of 33 rooms; has been twice
sold fr>r J5000.
t7"-0— ro rooms: all one floor: Geary St.; clear*
$lf*>: only J2.VJ rush required.
$200 cash for 11-room house; nicely furnished;
good location: balance payments.
jcoo— For 22-room house on principal street;
clears $75: sacrificed for quick sale.
Vacant h<mses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 800 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 1W: Market Rt.: telephone 1S99.
4S rooms. N. of Market; only $1600
16 roomi!, Hyde, very finely furnished 600
50 rooms, rent $"0. location desirable 900
9-room flat, new furniture, must sell.... BOO
If a t>arsraln we have them at any price
north or youth of Market street.
A— 20 LIGHT sunny rooms, neat and clean;
family apartment house; big money maker:
steady roomers; good beds, carpets and fur-
niture; rent only $50: r.rlce S90<». part cash-;
desirable location. FISIFER & CO.. 1032 Mkf.
16 ROOMS nicely furnished: all light; north of :
Market; nnly iCOO. FTSIrER & CO. !
SELECT your house from largest Il6t In town.
7 room?; well furnished: only $ 200
9 rooms, fire location 425
14 rooms: elegant; must sell SCO
23 r.. apartments absolutely new; cash.. 1000
33. S2, 112 and 136 roomed bouses: values ex-
cellent: buyer? from $100 to $lfH). 000 can be
suited: we lend half purchase money at lo-w-
ost rates. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Mkt.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 Market st.
15 rooms; rent $40: clean house $ 77T.
is rooms: rent $57 B0; yard 12r>0
K rooms: cheap at 1K50
26 rooms: rent $75; make offer 700
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buvine call.
s G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 817 Market St.. bet. r.th & 6th.
CALL and fee our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth gt.
BEFORE closing your bargain see our list of
paying houses In anv part of city; money
loaned. POBLE fc TURNER. 3 Eddy St.
$SCO— BAY-WINDOW house. IS rooms, good fur-
niture: always full; rent $44; bargain. S34
Folsom «t.
$700— Private rooming house. 11 rooms, in house-
keeping suites; no trouble; low rent: fine
location; north of Market. Box 2119, CalL
jiwy\— S2 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASfLE. 3 Eddy st.
LODGING-HOUSE o! 10 rooms for sale cheap.
440 Third st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures di.s!»ases by sympathy; never
fails; hes the seven reals, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world: shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wife: gives lucky numbers:
advice In all speculation, love and legal af-
fairs: any one consulting the madame will be
- convinced that, she is r.o fham; prices 25c and
up; come and you will be • surprised : gives
satiFfactlon every one; op. Sundays. 215*4 6th.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings. JL 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night;
article read. 10c; trance readings. $1. 118 Sixth.
MRS. PEELEY'S flower test circle, 133 Seventh
Bt-. over drug store. 2 and 8 p. m.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MR. P WAN'S grand test meeting to-night at
513 Jones st,: admirslon lCc.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing seance
to-night, 8 p. m., 55c. 10S4 Bush Rt.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sitting* dat'v: t»5t« to all to-nlcht;10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
• THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third Bt., next Examiner building.
Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business trouble?, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
2Sc up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT " ~~
AND HIGH PSYCHIST.
He tells your name, conditions, desires, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
disease without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself lucky:
reunites the separated: makes harmony In your
home; gives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs. Investments, mining, oil, etc.; readings
by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk st.
MRS. E. SANDERS, the Quaker medium and
palmist, teaches mird vibration, the greatest
•ecret on earth; to business men. untold
wealth, reunites lovers and brings home ab-
eent husbands, eons or daughters: 15 years'
experience. 1104 Market st. room 28. ¦¦.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trence
medium, is permanently located at 1204 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send etamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daliy'and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second slchf
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles sec
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk,
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA. the gipsy. Is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
EMPLOYMENT ' "WAKTED— FEMA1B.
TRAINED nurse. Catholic, having 8 year*' ex-
perience In hospital and private work, wants
to take care of a sick lady or invalid; will-
ing to travel. Box 2121, Call office.
AUSTRIAN young lady wishes situation to do
general housework. 722 Vermont St., be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth. ¦
A LADY desires a situation as cook In a small
family; no mail answers. Address 67 Clara
St.. between Third and Fourth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 61
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. : .* ~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Calt branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha? been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A FIRST-RATE tin' and sheetlron worker,
who thoroughly undcistands all branches of
the trade, would like a Job; city or country;
terms desirable to employer. Address Cutter,
box 2149. Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-AGED German man, married.
wl?he3 a situation to drive a delivery wagon
or a team; is well acquainted about the city.
Apply 602 Hermann Bt., corner Fillmore.
YOUNG man, first-class coachman and gar-
dener; understands horses thoroughly; sober;
reliable; references; wants situation in prl-
vate family. C. g., g39 Mission st.
WANTED — By a young man, position in whole-
sale house or driving team; 10 years' experi-
ence in driving; reftri-nces. Box 2C30, Call.
A YOUNG man having general knowledge of
machinery desires a position with house of
that line. Box 2144. Call office.
INTELLIGENT young man, aged 28. wishes
position of any kind; best references. Ad-
dreFS S. M.. 2132 Fillmore st.
1 YOUNG man, 24. wants position; can give
1 security. Box 2140, Call office,.
I WANTED— An experienced engineer wants a
I position; he makes a specialty of steam and
hydraulic elevators; can give best of.refer-
; ences: 23 years' experience. Address J. S.,
box 2134. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation, private place;
understands flowers, vegetables, gasoline en-
gine; can milk; references. Addressvbox 2125,
Call office. "
YOUNG man. married, speaking English, Ger-
man and French fluently, as clerk, salesman
or general usefulness; references. Address
986 Filbert st.
RELIABLEyoung man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk in country grocery and pro-,
vision store; Al references. Address box 2028,
Call ofnee.
YOUNG German-Swiss wants position as por-
ter in saloon or other business. Helvetia Ho-
tel. 431 Pine St.; telephone Red 1526.
MARRIED man wishes a position as mana-
ger of a boarding or lodging house or Jani-
tor in a first-class building or bank. Call
at 52S Eleventh St., Oakland, between 5 and
6 p. m.
MACHINIST, lathe or bench hand, wishes
work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
Address box 2111, Call office.
GOOD barber wants steady afternoon Job, all
day Saturday and Sunday morning. Address,
stating wages. Barber, box 2100. Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
Side of ctty or State: references, etc., fur-
nlshed. ERWIN. 657 Bush St., city.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; best of references; object, good home;
city or country. Addre?B box 2024, Call. *
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books
of some small business; all time not being
required; salary moderate; references fur-
nlshed. Box 2035. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons . has been established at 103*
Valencia rt.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleantd and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st. .
FLATS TO LET.
A — NEW upper sunny modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath. - 975 Golden Gate ave,, opposite
Jefferson Square.
ELEGANT new lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, suit-
able for doctor's offlce and residence: sunny
Bide Geary 6t.. near Larkln. Full particulars
MADISON & BURKE. .
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. ' . • .' . .
$S: SUNNY flat of 3 rooms; 1318 Jessie St., oft
Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMBSEN
& CO.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, $18. 1939 Mason st.
THREE-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and Polk
Fts. Inquire butcher shop.
TURK, 520B— Sunny upper flat; 4 rooms; large
basement; rent $12: no children. /-
UPPER part of house to let; rent cheap. 015
Post i?t.
S12-UPPER flat, 5 rooms. 33 Moss St., off
Howard, near Seventh.
$9— FLAT of 4 rooms. 134 Rose St.; 3 rooms;
between Gough and Octavia.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE cr exchange— Six-room cottage in
Alameda. 100x142 feet; corner In Elmhurst,
will oxefiange for small acreage or lot in
Oakland. .1159 Jefferson St.. Oakland.
FUKMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR 6ale— 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 1048 Ellis st. ¦
KURMTIRK WANTED.
IF you want to sell furniture, mdse.. etc.. see
J. A. MUNRO & CO., 240 Stockton St.; tel.
James 1541.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red S353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, springs, $20; 2 waitresses, south,
$22 50, fare paid; 2 waitresses, short distance,
?20, see party here; waitress, Dlxon, Mar-
tinez, Redwood City, Palo Alto, Antioch.
city, $20, $25; chambermaid, city, $20; cook,
small country hotel, $30; cook for a logging
camp, $20 and fare paid; masseur for springs,
$23; 2 chambermaids, lodging-house, $15 each;
chocolate dipper, $6 week; lunch waitress, COc.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, city and
country; best of wages. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. .. - *. ¦
SHAMPOOER for springs. $25. At ' C. R.
HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
GIRL for family of 4 adults, nice sunny room
for girl, J20; young girl to care for 2 children,
$12 to $15; second girl, French or German, $20;
girl for Berkeley, 4 In family adults, good
cook, see party here, $25; man and wife for
small country place, $40. CALIFORNIA EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third St.
A-WANTED— ~~
Neat, attractive girl as saleslady In a nice
store; no ' experience required; must be of
medulm height; $7 a week. W. D. EWER &
CO.. Employment Agents, 610 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, $30 and $35. .COTTELL'S,
C25 Eighth st., Oakland. '
WANTED— Experienced offlce woman; com-
petent bookkeeper and stenographer; rapid,
and accurate; position In country; dtate reTer-
ence. Address box 2154. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inexpe-
rienced Instructed. HEYNEMANN &CO.,
410 Mission st. . , .-
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to . assist
housework, 2 In family. Forty-ninth ave.,
v Cliff House, opposite Pavilion.
YOUNG girl light housework and assist with
children; must sleep home. Call after 10,
562 Lombard st. . ¦•
WANTED— Store attendant; a , trusty, boy or
girl; Devtsadero st.; $3 per week. Address
. box 2106. Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work and plain cooking; German preferred.
¦1175 Market st. ¦ -. .-. .' :\
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for. Instruction. . Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove. bU.-.
WANTED-A girl for ¦ second work and . wait-
ing; city references. Call this morning be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2121 Pacific ave.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Call
between the hours of 11 and 3 to-day at-1118
Guerrero at. . ; : . .
GIRLS to wrap. Sweetheart chewing gum.
NEWTON GUM CO., Second and Folsom sta.
WANTED— Lady cashier for retail store. Bee
HIv© Shoe Co., 717 Market st. .
exit FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third etreets; op«a
urttl 12 o'clock e\-ery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £.27 Montgomery •treet.
corner Clay; ci>en until 5:30 p. ra.
3<".O Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C53 McAllister street: open until »:SO^p. m. ;
CIS Urkm street; open until *:30 p. n».
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2tCl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
orr.ll S v. m.
]<¦« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
1096 Valencia street: open until S p. ra.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
turky street*: open until > p. ra.
MEKTIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cornmandery No. 1, K. - *_
. T.. No. & Post st.— Regular assembly jSfP
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 JC3J
o'clock. Order of The Temple. All
frators courteously Invited. By order
of the Comrr.nnder.
HI HAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
IxmiC Lodge No. 21«. F. and A. M.— «
Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _*\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third
Degree. Master Masons are cordially / ~>f '
. invited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PAST Grands' A«sociation, I. O. O.
F. of Ban Francisco— Regular
meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING. All past grands are cor- Ofliuv-
c:ally invited to attend.
R. H. LLOYD. President.
JOHN EDWARDS. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge* No. 13, I. O. O.
F.— Second .Vrrre THIS ( FRI-
DAT) NIGHT. March S. Memorial
Hall. 8 o'clock. Members and "S**® 1
visitors cordially Invited.
CHAS. E. PERRY, K. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rcc. Sec.
PACDTIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O.
F— ' ifflcers an-i rr.f!:i!.or5 are
hereby notified to ra^et at the
lodpe room at 1:S« p. m. on FRI- " '"^
DAY. March S. 3901, to attend the funeral of
our late brother. JOHN S. CEDARBLOOM.
A. E. GRAUPNER. N. G.
F. M. CARSON, Rec. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. yfi"«->w
O. T. M.— Review THIS <FRIDAY) AJZLXk
EVENING fit * o'clock, 1'ioneT Jil 0V?ft
ra::. 24 Fourth st. *if KJ^j
H. H. CASTLE. 'Z&Sttf
Record Keeper. r
ANNUAL meeting— The regular itinmlu jm
meeting of the stockholders in the A. <**£
O. F. Hall AsFoclatinn of Pan Fran- JH\
c'.ecc, wilt b- held in Excelsior Hall. A.
O. F. building. 1P2 O'Farrell st.. Pan Fran-
c'.tco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the Sth day of
March, 1901. at 7:30 p. m.
D. E. BESECKER. President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the ''-*- rTjTT\"
»rsr. Volunteer Firemen's As^cia-'jtarfaJV*
tion will please assemble at their V&- cJ
hall. 24 Fourth St.. on SUNDAY. March 10.
at 10 a. m. sharp, to attend the funeral of
our late brother. CHARLES G. SCHAEFER.
Ey order STEPHEN RUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Secretary.
RETAIL Drug Clerks' Association meets TO-
NIOHT. Kr.lphts of Pythias Hall. 10:3!).
ACEXTS WA.VTED.
THE RIO Mir-HOL RUBBER COMPANY of
&an FranciBco, Cal., wants intelligent men to
act as Its agents throughout the United
States; must be men of character, address &
push. The company omns large proprrtien. is
out of debt it in a thoroughly sound & flour-
ishing condition. It has a considerable acre-
age already planted to rubber & has a large
force of mfii constantly at work. It offirs for
psle a limited number of interest bearing and
Installment certificates. A comparatively
frail amount invested now will produce large
and ¦teadtljr increasing income in near future.
The corporation invites clo^st investigation.
AprntF an.l Interested persons apply Rio Mi-
cr.ol Rufcber Co.. r. 1'.* -•'.",. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
RESIDFXT p.:r»nts. with references, for coun-
try towns. F. R. GRANNIS, 222 Montgomery
St., S F.
EXPERIENCED insurance agent*. Call at room
311. K7 Market St.. corner Plsth.
SOLICITORS wanted: good pay; permanent.
Apply 12 to L room T.V. Parntt building.
. . j» ,
WANTKD— Agents In each city: good money.
Pacjf.o r-rast M. & L. Co.. 4<U> 9th. Oakland.
ASTBOLOGV.
FORTUNE by planets or palmlstrj': horoscope
complete, iftc and tl. lfl r '7S Market, room 12.
ATTORSEYS AX I.. AW.
R. W. KINO, °:!7 Market «.. Cth floor, room 627
— Estates, damage*, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all case*; fair fee; no advance
charge*; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1".37.
ADVICE free: divorce law a rpecialty; private;
r.o if* without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. %Z0 Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McICNIGHT. collection?: damages; es-
tat**F: rninmg; op?n even. S92 Parrctt bldg.
KRAXK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
¦pedatty. Xiils big., r. 3. 4th fir; tel.R^d 3618.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
V.-. DAVIDSON. L J 27 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Kmma Ppreckels bldg.. 9?7 Mar-
ket et. : consultation fr^e; no fe*-? in advance.
ASl'HALTLH KUUKI.IG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palre-i: pofta!. i:<-<i Mission: tel. Folfom 1607.
BOARDI.tG 1 OK CHILURKN.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
ear* of child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period; terir.a moderate: One borne and tunny
yRrd; object, companion for our own child
t\t years. Box 014. <"all cfflce.
WANTED— Child to board; cood home and
care: no other children: K. 6a Folsom st.
BCSIAI£SS CHA.VCES.
A-tlOOO-SALOON. close"to~PaiacT Hotel ; ele^
gantly furnished, good business; established
many years: rent $5<>; $600 down, balance on
time. Call R. G. WILKE. £P4 Kearny »t.
A— JU'OO; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$50; place eetab. years; dally reeeipta $50;
trial riven; a good business and best loca-
tlon. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— 1750; SALOON, clearing J150 p«r month:
rent $40; established many years; only day-
business: location b-st Jn this city. Call K.
G. WILKE. ZZ^ Kearny et.
A— JT50; CORNER grocerr and bar. northern,
part of city: death of owner cause of sale; a
good business for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. ZC\j Kearny Ft.
A— J16T.0: CORNER ealoon, location Third and
Mission ets.; rent $i0; lease; corner can't be
beat; about 11000 dock on hand; owner must
have operation performed, only cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy gt.
A — fllSO; SALOON clcae to Montgomery «t-;
place established 10 years; clearing at le»st
t2&0 per rr.cnth; 3 furnlrhed rooms Included'
rent $^. Call R. G. WILKE. £6^ Kearny.
>— UM; PORK and delicacy rtore; rent J22 SO;
C 00 d -j>3 y 1 * if butslxicESf very b^st Iocjli ion *
owner to leave city. Call It. G. WILKE,
10% Kearny Et.
A— tl2S0; CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and doing a rushing business; located
elos* to Powell and Market sts. Call R. Q.
WILKE. 2«% Keamy «t.
A— 11X0: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock:
rood paying business; rent $32. Inquire R.
O. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
? — $Sf»; CORNER butcher ehop In northern
part of ctty; rent $20; horse, cart; eelling 4
cattle and about IS cheep per week; a ca;h
custom. Call R. «?. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
If^lO-CAXDT store and factory: bargain; leav-
ing city cause of Bale. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777^ Market »t.
J7C0— GROCERY and bar near city; barrain.
Mclaughlin & co.. tttvj Market «t.
KM— RESTAURANT north of Market St.; bar-
cain. McLAUGHLIX & CO., 777% Market Bt.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars, SCO
«-andy and icecream stores, &00 restaurants, •
SCO stores of all kind: partners wanted:
parties with 1 100 up can toe suited. WALTER
HAYES &- CO.. K3S Market St.
A— COO; PARTNER wanted; light business;
must be Ratified with $18 to $25 a week; no
experience required. 23 Geary 6t., room 1.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business-
inrluf3in«: sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
»*-r Ptock. Uonkey engine. hor*« teams, etc
H. di F. L. COOPER, Nevada City. Cal.
GREAT bargain, stock of groceries, hay. grain,
coal, etc.; business established. 1735 Alca-
tr.iz ave., Berkeley.
P.ESTAI'RAXT, newly furnished; good busi-
ness: bargain en account of sickness. Apply
209 Fourth Et.
WANTED — To buy a first-class saloon: cen-
tral: north Market. Box 2123, Call office.
JSW— TEMPERANCE grocery, with established
butter end rgge trade; good locality; death
cause of eale; rent $20. Address F. J. A.,
Call office.
GOOD busmen man with about J40OO wanted In
old-establlEhefl business. - Address box 2097,
Call office.
FOR SALE— Coffee and lunch parlor, suitable
for man and wife or 2 ladles; rent Slu; will
**11 cheap If aold at once. 704 Pollc st.
PART EH wanted; can make $150 mo.; do
Bunflar work. Cal. Bua. Aes'n.-SSS Market.
rOR-eale. cheep— 2-chalr Se barber shop; ac-
count death. ' 93$** Howard »t- -
CLAIBVOyAJTS.
¦ A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In &an
1 Francisco. . .. ¦
PROFESSOR JOHNS, *
The wcrld's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
. life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant in the world to-day.
There Is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet or modern
times: all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated, settle* lovers' quarrels, causes
, speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells if your loved one is true; en-
, ables you to win the affection of any one you
. defiire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed out; he enables you to
• overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble Is. he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; medlumistlc per-
sons developed. 26V4 Kearny et., near Market
Readings by mail.
If you cannot call, write.. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss: ask six
questions: inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S>4 Jessie Bt.. bet. Cth & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAX, the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
lst and card reading, 25c. 12«',4 Market st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, walir
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; tel.HowardlS46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
ndvlce; names given: 2*>c up. IT Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLKAXINO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Work?, 333-357 Tehama et ; tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Bflatlng Works. G..H.
STEVENS, mgn; 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONIyLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden-
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CHIIIOI'ODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains;, painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
CEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room jBIO. 927 Market >t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE" of 3 sunny rooms; garden; cheap to
small family. 1270 FolSon St.. near Ninth.
DENTISTS.
AT^theELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 8C9 Mar-
ket Bt . cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦ without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, rainless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable rlate. the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
fiOe; plates, $3. fuliset; all work painless an<L
warranted. Chlcajo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.*
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; 'gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission r.t.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR.R.L.WALSH. 815?; Geary. nr.Larkin— Pain-
lees extraction 50c:plates $5 up;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth;
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk tt.
DBESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt—
EDUCATIONAL.' .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
-and evening: JS per month: $30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.;. positions se-
cured for graduates: catalogue.'
WANTED— An office boy to work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College.
GALLAGHEIVMARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught) prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mlnUig engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEOE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, e,lec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1SG4.
.VAN PER NAII.I-EN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TAItK, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: indlvid. instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. DeFilippe'sAcademy
ofLanguases.3K)Post;estab'd 1871: ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. IOCS Mission at.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo 1024. Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple method*; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT UFF1CKS.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at 6hort
rotice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 233L
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office — Best
help f urn. ; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. -417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese helr> of nil kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Po?t st.^ tel. Bush 133.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. S44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANEFE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce —
Best help. 52C O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2131.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S188.
OR PHICI'M Employment Office— Japanese. Cht-
rtese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: teL Black E072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
ISe«t help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WA.VTED— FE3IALE.
SWEDISH lady wishes work from 9 or 10
o'clock dally; will care for children, mending,
chamber work, flrst-clasn cook, wait at table.
A. P., box 2128, Call Oflice.
A YOUNG Eastern woman, with child 4 years,
desires position as housekeeper; reliable;
first-class manager; can take full charge of
children. Address or call 204 Turk st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a posi-
tion in small family to do cooking or house-
work: would prefer a logging or mining camp.
2017 Pcwell st. - - •¦
POSITION as upstairs girl or housekeeper
without cooking; can assist with plain sew-
ing. Box 2146, Call oflice. - • .
A WOMAN wishes work ' by the day to do
washing or house-cleaning; wages 75c or $1
per day. 153 Tehama Et.
PROTESTANT woman wants general house-
work and assist children ; wages $15. Box
2148. Call office. • \
SWEDISH weman wants : work by : the day,
washing or housecleaning. Call at 64 Free-
Ion st., bet. 3d and 4th, Bryant and Brannan.
WILLING young woman wants work by the
day. Box 2130, Call ulnce.
FIRST-CLASS lady barber, wishes employ-
ment. 1314 Mason st; call morning.
WANTED— By refined lady, position as gov^-
•mess; references 1 ; ' Address box 2122. Call..
S13Henrietta Good (widow) to Ames Muenk, lot
on NE line of Monroe street. S57:9 NW of Ade
line. NW 69. NE 150, NW 50. ND. 137. SE 109.
SW 347 to beginning, block B, revised map of
Osk Tree Farm Tract. Brooklyn TownshlD; $10.
R. H. Woodward to Hlbernla Savings and
Lean Society, lot on E line of Willow street.
1S7:6 N of Santa Clara avenue, N 57:6 by E
150. being the N B0 feet of lots 1. 2 and S and
S 7:6 of lots 16 to IS. block 20, lands adjacent
ta Encinal. Alameda; $10.
T. O. Crawford to Eva E. Crawford, lot on
W line of Dimond avenue. 850 N of Hopkins
street. X 222:6 to center of Sausalito Creek,
thence NW to N line of lot 21, block A. Di
mond Tract, E 235, S 23 to beginning, portion
cf block A, Dimond Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
Rosalie B. Melqulond (widow) to Claude E.
and AmeUa E. Lee. all Interest In lot on E
line of Bassett street. 103 S of Washington. S
23 by E 100. block 771, Levy Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Katherina Olsen to Martin Petersen, all In
terest In lot 7, block 11. McGee Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
¦ Elizabeth H. Spear to Abraham and Hulda
Stohl. lot 13. block 77, tract B, Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$10.
Patrick J. and Mary J. Brophy to Frederick
and Emily Joscphson, lot on W line of Ilollls
street, 225 S of B. S 23 by \V 133. Oakland: $ia
A postmaster has been appointed In
Oregon: Robert Walker, at Bandon, Coos
County, vice M. A. Tupper. resigned.
Army orders— Captain Harold W. Coop
er, assistant surgeon volunteers, now at
San Francisco, will report for transpor
tation to Manila, where he will be as
signed to duty.
lots S and 6, and SE half of lot 4, block 19.
map of northern addition to town of Llver
more, Murray Township; $213.
"WASHINGTON, March 7.— The post
offlce at Orangevale. Sacramento County,
Cal., has been discontinued. Mall will be
sent to Folsom.
Of Interest to the Coast.
Henry Z. Jones to Mary J. Wyms (wife of
John H.). lots 35 and 38, block 1, Allendale
Tract. Brooklyn Townshlo, flO. I
Edward II. Kemp to Mary J. Bolan. lot on
N line of Pacific avenue. 250 W of Walnut
street. W 50 by N 150:2. beln* lot 4. block 25,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; S10.
William Crum to Mary M. Crum, lot orr*W
line of Mtnturn street. 174 S of Railroad avenue,
fl 37 by W 88. being lot 9 on map of subdivision
of lot 32, Fassklng Park. Alameda: gift.
James and" Annie McKeown to Henry Hen
dricksen 3.42 acres on S line of present road
connecting Union City with Town of Alvarado,
60 S of S W corner of block 82. Town of Al
varado. thence E 2.65 chains, SE 10.15 chalnt,
W 9.19 chains. NW 3.42 chain*. SW 3S links.
NW 73 links. SW 1.62 chains. N 1.96 chains to
point of beginning In Town of Alvarado, Wash
ington Township; $10.
Emily II. and. John M. Ingalls to DIedrlch
Wlegrman. all Interest in the following: 27.22
acres, beginning at a point In channel of Ala
meda Creek at the.SE corner of lands of W. F.
Ingall*. by deed of February 27. 13S3. thence
NE 8.22 chains. SE 6.07 chains, NE 21.03 chains,
NW 12.31 chains, SW 25.92 chains to point Of
beginning, Washington Township; also, begin
ning at a point In center of the road at'Alva
rado upper bridge to mountains at SE corner of
the lands of the California Beet Sugar ¦Com
rany, thence E 243. N 493, W 243. S 493 to point
of beginning, Washington Township; $10.
. Henry T. Atkinson to Robert S. Young, un
divided one-third Interest In lot on SW corner
Of Fourth and Washington streets, W 73 by S
100, being lots 15 to 18, block 29, Kellersber
ger's Map, Oakland; $10.
Henry R. Patterson to Lettle Patterson, lot
on W line of Henry street. ISO N of Vine. N
60 by.W 133,- being let, 13. block 2, Graves &
Taylor Tract. Berkeley f $10.
¦ Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Henry and
Barbara Schmidt, lot 23, block I. Andrew Jones
Subdivision I Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn
Township; $10. .
Mary J. Mayhew (wife of Horace A.) to
"Realty Syndicate (a corporation), lots 1. 7. t>»
11. 14 to 22,* block 4, and all of. block 5. Blasde!
Tract. Map 3. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Catherine • McCann to Harriet and Andrew
McCann. lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street.
190 W of Grove, W 25 by N 140. being lot 2.
block D. Map of Henry subdivision Whltcher.
Brockhurst and Roland Tracts, Oakland; gift.
Mary Luz to Henry M. and Frances 1/ Hoos,
lot en N line of Twelfth street, 105 E of Wil
low, -R 87 :« by N 125, Mock 725. Boardman's
Map. Oakland: $10. ¦
'Emma F. and W. G. Hawkett to George T.
Ostrom. lot on N line of Tlhrty-flrst street, 100
K of Grove, E 50 by N 140. lot 23, block 2036,
Rowland Tract. Oakland ,\ $4000.
Jane M. Page to Francis 8. Page, lot en N r
line of Eleventh street, 25 E of . Madison or
Julia, E 25 by N 100, block 163, Kellersberger's
mnp. Oakland: gift./ . .
Minna Leldlng to Owen Shortt, lot on S
line of Seventh street. 56.52 W of Pine, W 24.11
bv S 100.3. block 38, map of lands of Oakland
Feint Railroad .Ferry Landing,. Oakland; also
let on W line. of Pine street, 100.3 S of Sev
enth, S 25 by W 80.63, portion of block 3S,
same; $1126.
Isaac D. and Elizabeth T. Fletcher to Pa
cific States Savings. Loan and "Building Com
pany, lot on \W. line of Stanford street. 100 -N
of Eagle L avenue. N 50 by W 92:6, block 2,
lftnds adjacent to Encinal. Alameda (quitclaim
df-ed): $1. . . . ¦•,.-,.-
Bank of Llvermore to Martha A. McBrlde,
Alameda County.
Max and Etta "Welnstein to Ollv* Verkou
teren, lots 12 and 13, block 11, Paul Tract
Homestead: $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association of San Fran
cisco to Henry S. Tucker, lot In said ceme
tery: J150.
i Marten D. Joost to Burton R. McClaln. lot
on NE corner of Remain and Falcon streets.
NW 86:3 NE 43:11. SE 104:9^, SW 60:3H. being
a portion of lot 3, block 16, Market Street
Homestead; $10.
C. M. Arnold to S. W. Moore, lot on N line
of N street, 82:6 W of Twelfth avenue. W 25
by N 100; $10.
Abraham and Louise Lowensteln to James
H. Uevcr, lot on W line of Second avenue, 20C
N of Clement. N 25 by W 120; $10.
John J Cass to Bridget Cass, rerecord 1638
D 2S1. lot on : SE line of Sliver street. 70 SW
of Third street. SW 30 by SE SO; also lot on
NW line of Silver street. 75 SW of Third. NW
75 by SW 25; lot on SE line of Perry street,
75 SW of Third, SW 50 by SE SO; gift.
Elvira Rixford to Kate T. Rlxford (wife of
E. H.) undivided one-half Interest In lot on
NE corner of Lake street and Fourteenth ave
nue. E $0 by N 72; also all of lot on E line
of Lyon street, 127:0% N of Sacramento, N 50
by E 110; also property in Sonoma and San
Matoo counties: Rift. >t -
Thomas and Rebecca Denlgan to Julius Hutt
irtan. lot on NW corner of Folsom and Fif
teenth streets. N 33, W 83, N 50, W 75. S 85,
13 160; $10.
Pierre A. and Julia Roussel (Barry) to
Patrick and Mary Kllday, lot on W line of
Belcher street, 125 S of Thirteenth, 3 25 by W
125; $10.
Henry V. B. Parker to Mary Parker, lot on
S line of Fifteenth street, 68' W of Noe. W
52 by S 55; gift.
George P. Fuller to Margaret H. Fuller, un
divided one-twelfth Interest in lot on E corner
of Fremont and Mission streets, NE 6S:9 by
i?E 137:5; $10.
Frederick A. and Grace McG. Robblns to F.
A. Robblns Press Works (a comoratlon), re
record 1S5S D 41, lot on SW line' of Fremont
street, 229 SE of Folsom, SB 46, SW 137:6, N'W
1J7:6. NE 25, SE 91:6, NE 112:6; $10.
Richard S. and Isabella M. Williams to
Sarah H. Charlton (wife of Thomas), lot on E
line of Scott street, 32:6 S of Fell, S 27:6 by
E 87:6; $10.
American Bank and Trust Company 'to Ellen
Downing:, lot on N line of Grove street, 110 W
of Scott, W 27:6 by N 107:6; $2500.
City and County of San Francisco to Agnes
A. Foerster, lot on NW corner of Washington
and Devlaadero streets, N 62 by W 125; $ .
Agnes A. Foer3ter to George L>. and Louise
D. UndexhIU. lot on W lino of Devlsadero
street, 35 N of Washington, N 27 by W 100; $10.
WUhelmlna and A. Miles Taylor to John
Lee, lot on NE corner of. Halght and Broderick
streets. E 47:6 by N 112:6: $10.
Estate of Edwin L. Hess (by Ward M.
Smith, administrator) to R. A. Vance, undi
vided Vi of lot on 8 line of Aldlne street. 120
K of North Willard, E 27 by S 125, Cashman
Tract; $275.
Henry Cawley to Mary, Rose and Augustin
Cawley. undivided % of lot on NE lino of
Eleventh street, 75 NW of Harrison, NW 20
by NE 100; gift.
Gustave A. Wanger to Rosa B. Wanger, lot
on SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and
"Webster street. W 40 by S 87:6; gift.
Sarah E. Douglass to Winifred C. Douglass,
lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 85 W of
I>arkln. W 25 by S 120; also lot on N line of
Ellis stre'et, SO E of Webster, E 90 by N 125;
gift.
James and Peter C. Brown to William F.
McNutt. lot on NW corner of Twenty-seventh
avenue and M street. W 240 by N 100; also
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 100 N
of M street, N 400 by E 120; also lot on W
line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 225 S of. L
street. S 1C0 by W 120; *10.
Eugene G. Riordan to Annie E. RIordan.
lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street, 50 E of
Castro. E SO by S 114; $10.
James Creely to Maggie M. Creely, lot on
W line of Florida street, 210 S of Twenty-first,
S 25 by W 100; ?10.
Ellen Doherty (widow) to Frances Doherty
(single;, lot on NW line of Natoma street, 135
SW of Tenth. NW 75 by NE 21; »0.
Mary J. and Edward J. Malloy to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Pl.hvard W. and Caroline Klngr to Ella K.
Hodghead, lot on S line of Sacramento street,
137:6 VV of Walnut, W 31:4H by S 132:7^; gltt.
Daniel Doherty to Ellen Doherty, rerecord
1767 D 213, lot on NW line of Natoma street,
135 SW of Tenth, NW 75 by NE 25; gift.
Charles K. Rosenberg to Lucy M. Rosen
berg, half lot on W line of Shrader street. 100.
S of Waller, S 25 by W 131:3; also lot 549, Gift
Map 1; gift. " • '
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Margaret L,.
McOmle (wife of James P.), lot on SW corner
of Pace and Ashbury streets, S 30 by W S";6;
*10.
Jacob Jacobs to Rachael Jacobs, lot on NW
corner of Broderick and Sutter streets, N 110
by W 60; al?o lot on NW line of FolBOin street,
110 SW of Eleventh, SW 27:9, NW 110, NE
28:4V£. SK 110; gift.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Serious Condition Confronts the Bed
lands Orange Growers.
REDLANDS, March 7. — The . orange
shippers of this city and valley are ex
periencing a car famine and unless the
railroad companies supply the necessary
relief within a few davs the growers will
lose thousands of dollars. Such a critical
condition of affairs .iaj never before ex
isted here. Fred Ruggles. manager of the
Redlands Orange Growers' Association,
admits that the situation is a serious one.
The orange shipping season is at its height
and the transportation companies are un
able to supply a sufficient number of car3
to move the heavy crop.
The navels are becoming unusually ripe
owing to the warm weather during the
past week. One nrm here that has ten
carloads on hand awaiting cars for East
ern shipment insists that if immediate re
lief Is not forthcoming the entire lot will
decay. Several large packing houses have
been forced to close because no more fruit
il-ould be received until the 'crisis Is over.
To-day thirty cars were needed and but
four were to be had.
DEARTH OF FBuiT CABS.
ed until further notice, or until the suc
cess or failure of the scheme Is noted.
H. E. Leson of the r L.eson Advertising
Company of St. Louis. Mo., who was se
lected as the advertising agent of the
prune combine, signed a contract with the
association to-day.
The work of advertising and promoting
the sale of prunes will commence at once.
The whole territory east of the Rocky
Mountains is to be exploited. Mr. Leson
went to San Francisco to-day and will
open headquarters at the Palace Hotel,
where he will surround himself with a
score of writers, stenographers and art
ists. Advertising space in the press of
the country will be used. Magazines, peri
odicals and all such publications will con
tain alluring advertisements of the food
merits of prunes and recipes for cooking
them in the various styles. In the large
Eastern cities young ladies will be sta
tioned in stores to demonstrate the cook
ing of prunes.
The full details have not yet been de
cided upon, but California prunes will be
advertised and offered for sale in neat and
attractive packages.
It is expected that this will move the
great prune crop of 1900 into the channel
of trade, and the outcome will be closely
watched by the growers.
Several millions of pounds of the smaller
sizes will be got rid of in by-products.
The directors have set a price of 510 net
per ton on these, with the guarantee that
they will not find their way into the
market. These sizes are under 120s, and it
is said they will bo converted into brandy.
SAN JOSE. March 7.-CalifornIa dried
prunes are to be advertised throughout
the length and breadth of the country and
given the greatest exploitation ever given
any kind of food stuffs. This is what the
directors of the California Cured Fruit
Association decided pn last night. Thirty
thousand dollars a month is to be expend-
FAME IN STORE
FOR THE PRUNE
Cured Fruit "Association's
Extensive Scheme of
Advertising.
Virtues of the Lowly Orchard Prod
uct to Be Exploited the Length
and Breadth of the
Land.
e
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.THE- SAN FRANClSCCi CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH S, 1901.
11
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:15 a. 11:C5 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:S3 p 3:05 a ......
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•* Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
& for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a, m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
•7:20 a; m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:49 a. m. daily.
' Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. •. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vfca S*M*ailt» F«rry.
'-.'< : - - Commencing September 30, ¦ 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. *9:15. 11:00 a- m.. 'VAS.
3il5. 4:00. 5:13. »6:15, «:40 p. m.
BXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays' and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. '
SCNDAYS— *S:CO. '10:00, *ll:30 a. m . •1'13
3:15, *4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. '
Trains marked ?•) run to San Q/uentin -'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
AVEEK DATS-5:20. . »6:3O. 7:43, 9:30 a m '
•12:80. 1:45. »3:S0, 4:30.. 5:20 d. m.. 7
I EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:2O p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *3:00. *10:00. »11:45 a m
•1:40, •2:15, 4:45, *6:30 p.m.
Trains marked (•) * start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, , 7:53, S:30 i«. m "
12:25, 2:10. 3:30.-4:54,. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a.m., 12:05, 2:13, 3 ;30
5:00, 6:43 p. m. • •
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a.' m. week days— Cazadero ' and way
stations. ¦ •
¦ 1 :45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales ¦ and ¦•' way
stattons. .. "¦;•.'. j .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS, j
LhF.CK— HIS HKOA13WAY.
OAKLAND lUKMTCItr. RB SA I.E.
AN introduction to you from H. Pchet'.haa*. th?
furniture dealer. Iltli ami Franklin. Oakland.
kou.ms I'liit ii«ji:m-;:vi:kim.\g.
Knr>Y. :'3-I latse wo:i furnished connecting j
roams: private residence: no children. (
ELLIS. €21— Suite 3 r< jin*. VS\ 2 rooms *12, 1 j
front roots |10; complctt- for houFckjtK: sunny, j
FIRST; 2S— 3 front sunny furnished rd<jma. '
eultalile fcr housek'.f-j.iriif ; rent $10 month.
FOLSOM 776'i— 1 n«MtIv furnished connecting j
n^.ms fcr housekpg: "Very eenvenleneej^reus. |
GUARY 441--I^rife room, suitable for light .
houKekptnp. ; rtsnninK water: morning sun; |3.
iEKSIK. ~44G~ ne7r~Mlnt--2 furnUhed house-
keeplr.g rooms. ¦''.
NINTH. 113—2 Hinny housekeeping: rooms; run-
ning water and bath; rcasosiable. ¦
OCTAVIA. iH— Three unTui-nlPhed housekeep-
ing toom*. " j
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Large rront '
room; kitchen; complete; bay window; for 2:
10^
POINT LODOS ave.. il20— 2 and 3 sunny fur-
nished hcusekpg roonr; $10. %17: no children.
PO^'ELU; 113—3 unfun-.ished rooms for houie-
ketpinc; no children: rent $14^
BECOXD. Jtt— Well furnished for housekeeping;
Dtat, <~l"ean and respectable; reasonable.
pTxTlI. lS6-Front suite, furnished for ltght
houwkeepin*: also other rooms.
STOCKTON. «07— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 rur.ny rooms; also single rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 1S9. corner Howard— Alcove
suite and kltr-hen. complete for hsekpg: $16.
V BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ftus been tstabllshed at 1036
Valer.ctw St.
R.OUMS TO LST Z^nrn. nml I'nfnm. j
A ROY LK. The (just finished). McAllister St.,
crp. »ity Hall Park— Select parties with ret-
<-renpffi are re«iv»i-tfully Invited to Inspect \
above premises: s-jnny suites, with or with- I
out liatlif: a!»o single rooms; electric light;
rl?v?.tor all n!?ht: steam heated: finest read- 1
inc-rncm in the city on lower -floor; liveried j
eallboft in attendnncc; every room tasty and i
elegantly furnished; moderate prices; rooms
shown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A _For rooms, apartment*, housekeeping, fur-
nished, ur.furni^hed. with or without board.
! finest in city, see ELMER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.. ttl. 2334 Red.
| AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
j iar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
j ance; large i'ooms; modern conveniences;
j rooms tCc up: first-cfasa meals 25c; free coach, i
' A— BRI'XFWICK HOl'SE, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c-
! to tl per nlKht; »1 25 to J5 per week, and light (
! housekeeping; open all night..
BtJRXETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. :
CLAY. JlSJ'i— Front . furnished parlor: bath;
quiet; reasonable to working lady.
GEARY. 622-Elegantly furnished double par-
lors, suitable foj physician, dentist; reas'ble.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. !2T4— Larpe double par-
lors, fur. cr unfur. ; Rood location for dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or 1
| single: ladles' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
I HOWARD. 73!. near Third— Larpe sunny front
j room suitable for 2; reasonable; also room
j J5 per month for gentleman; bath.
LARKIN. 819— Sunny front room, suitable for
jrentleman; eras, bath and phone; $7.
| MARKET. 1032— Sunny front rooms; also single
rcorr.8.
MARKET, l* 1^— Sunny furnished rooms by the
day. week or month; bath; reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lirhts: day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Nicely furnished parlor, en
Kulte or Flngrle; pan. bath, phone; (10 to $24.
| OTARRELL. 77(^-Handsomely furnished back
rorlor and other rooms; running water; bath.
POWELL. 617— Nicely furnished sunny feulte;
no children.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis-Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
irr; rooms, per nlKht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
SS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROPEDALE House. 319-221 Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 2Sc to $1: week. $1 23 to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO. 169S. cor. Larkln— Elegant fur-
nished sunny front rooms en suite or single.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER. 32O'/i— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
BUTTER. 949 — Handsomely furnished bay-wrin-
dow front room; hot and cold running water;
central.
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
VAN NESS ave.. 1419— Suite and single front
Funny room; gas; bath; tel.; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2CC0 Fillmore st.
ROOMS A.M) HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with ann*x 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
Flirt st.
ROOMS WANTED.
"WANTED— Dry. light room, suitable for light
manufacturing; any part of city. Address,
with terms, to C. F. E-. box 2156 Call offlce.
snwixn maciuxks A.\n supplies.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: r>pen even.: phone Black 1124, 2Gb 4th.
BOUGHT, (told, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS-
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DEP-
MOND. 1J70 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom lWt*.
STORAGF. A\n WAT.HOIT.SE*.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Sterage and Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5712.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TRUSSES.
MANUFA'Rt elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menire. 6C3 Kearny.
LEGAL ADVIERTfsKMISJVTi^
IN the Superior Court "of the^Clty~and County
cf Pan Francisco. State of California— In th«
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
pcration. upon Its application for a 'udjrment
of dissolution. Notice. — No. 75.397. Dept 19
Notice la hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of th«
Btat« of California, and having its office and
place of business In th« city and county of
Ban Francisco. Ptat* of California, has filed
Itt application, duly verified and slgn«d by a
majority cf Us board of directors, addressed '
ta the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of «ald
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th.
1301. at 10 O'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
taid court. Department No. 10, in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cl«co, hav» been appointed as the day, tlm«
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, thli 20th day of February lMi
fSeall WM. A. DEANE. Clerk
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
cerred.) Filed Feb. ». JM1. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
IN the Superior .Court of the City and Codnty
of Han Franci*co. State of California— In th«
! matter of th« estate of THOMAS M. CLUfF,
deceased. Probate No. 22.SIS9. Department 10
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointment of trustee,
C C. P. 170!.— Notic* is hereby given that
Friday, the 8th day of March, A. D. 1901. at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
room of Department So. 10 of said court; at
the New City Hall. In the City and County
of Ean' Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed at the time and place for
bearing the petition of MARGARET V.
C.LUFF for tb« appointment of WILLIAM
OLUFF as sole tru<cee for ALFRED
THOMAS CLTJFF (a Ccinor) under the last
will of said deceavd
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Cleric.
Indorsed: Filed February iu, 1WU. WM. A.
DEANE. Clerk: by V. F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk. ,
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for «xecu-
/^rs, room 25. third flcor. Mills building.
MfSlCAI. l\>TRt'JinXTS. I
A-sLu-Gin Ell ™^f~teuT™te'Z^7Zi I
*»tx>ni2-J.aii.l piano* to vh\z v advance* u3
Ju^ 8 WM^i!^M S '- 11 *"*« 6TOK.
-\ FEW n?w i.ianos f.r Ji:.0 : pr. t Tiriii
*ar..l :»m I3&. DE2.M. CTBTAZ ft SON.
.<y Fairell ta..t chldtedi^f Mad V*m* a K «n.-y.
f-J;i:«lAL ciit of pU-vj* this work: Steir.waj"
«vn«o? and y« here. !>K;;i;NN. (ft |' O st *t.
NKAT. tm»l! Miuaie. Sr. lT Xv*ry rt.. bet. !
'**••» T ir..| PoFt. Fili.noro and Steln-r.
r,;<;r.KsT b*rsa5n in F>hc7"~u~«rTj;;it pian'7;
;i!i> nev>j_ruutt be *"!d. Jf.l .Tortf-a k.
CLOSING out rtOck 5 f-lt-i-ar.t riann*; i««-nd
lor Prtcc.-.ttYC.-HjQHI.TOX. ;; flood I/I.lg.
3 L NK , * !am!ar( l uMisJit i.lano; bust lx- *acrl- j
-nctq totdy; leaving city. n?4 Q<ri4*n Gate. I
V ANTKI>— rive R-x-.fi sqnare pianw f.. r coun-
fteooU. BVROJC UAUZV, 3->S Post st. I
ttlCH-ORADB rfa<«»i Steck. Kardraan. Coa- \
-' -«w»f tu>A othfra. KUtr B. All;n Cr>.. sn Post j
liAlnSAIN— Must h» kM; nl» uprtrht piano, i
_gCHMlTZ. K Mt-AItistcr t,t.. next HIu. lianK. ]
A K8ARX.Y m> pmnd ur-richt rttrap: brilliant. '
'¦j f*»w faj toftg. HDIINTNG. 21C McAllister. |
BTROX MAV/.Y. «;.r,cv S"hinrr & Co.. By7.Tn !
*ma.ntr, GmtArtmtta Pfteflwa pianos. M Post, !
AT KEKFFim, tO Mark.! H.. 4 elegant «j.- j
r 15 at vo ' Jr ' " vn * '!" p - Shonincer ns"noy. ]
1'KST rent »-t^« k In rHjr: rfw plunnt. $3 per
north. "RTAZ. :•&! h«>-m wL
?l'I KRKnt vio'.;ry. yH'i-rr. <ld and new. II.
VCLLEH. trirtk'r. re«n!rer. 2 Lathnm r'l«""*-
nKKfCKH AM» r*TUftf» TO I,KT, •
9ORXBR ftore-Wrst rartUT F**tTih nnd Terry
•ts. : oeeopied r.t rri'i-#ry and bar fur past tt]
v«^: r«>nt B0; «ater free. Apply to O. H.
:~Mi:SKN <¦ t-O.. U Montgomery gt
OIL.
A CHOICE plec* of prmen oil land In the K»rn
River <iisTHct: Fi.lendiil t hnnce for an invest-
ment. L«ottard & Leonard. WJ Montgomery, i
JOSEPH It, TOrtJTZ. 230 IMne st!
MEMB"R I'RfiinvKRF 1 OIL EX'JIANOE.
< 'our.try i-orrei-;^ Kolii-ite.l.
OIL LA\DS nill SALIS.
FEC U. rs. 2»— aScKlttHcic patented landTVni
**U Kk right en ell trer.ti and has greet yro«=- ,
r>e~tivr. •.;.-,. wner n»e<1s money. F. R.
GRANNT.g. V'2 Mor.;r"ni«Ty ft.
r.\i\ii:M«. *m» i»i-:c«»it \t«»i:«.
W ALL j-r.y^T. w!n<J»~w- vl.ailes=: rooms papered. $3
up. .Tfny^r. & IJaih. *.'> Sixth: ojien eveninx?.
i'ALMisrn\.
H. JEnOME FOPPELLI. T »o1^t mT^frniftriTo
Taylor rt., f*t. Geary anl Post: tel. Black 561.
TAnTXEns WASTED.
rARTXER wanterl— S1000 • cash :' "iMabllshed
f-ifar factr-ry: no experienc*; full value. Call
or :'<lirpy« S''HMIPT'S Pharmacy. H2 Krny.
r.ilKMs AMI I'K\>IU.\S. .
ADV1CF. tree: no charce unlex* tuecenrtuL
UEO. D. CAMI'KKLL. I^fitirj-er. Examiner blr.
rt£USO\ALS.
A— II" poor heir I* fail! -is or. you are bald, call
<-n I>K. O. P. MOORi:. 48* Geary st.. and you
t.111 not 1* diFappointcC: tl.ls remedy is pofi-
tlvcly guaranteed: vail or send fur circular.
Mir>r>LE-.\GED man wishes to meet rr.id<ile-
Genr.ati lady; object, matrimony. Box
?14I. *_^ll offlce.
100 DEFIRACLE men war.t wive*: ladle* apply
ct my of fie* ; no fee. BLACK. 3£J Kearny Bt..
TO<ra» 4 and B.
MRS HAMILTON. ;>!ea«r leave your address
«t 1C37 Market nt.
PRIVATE detective *ork; reasonable rates; II
years' €XpTk-n< n. J. B. RAY. 317 Jessie rt.
ni-E<~rni<"" lieht in even- room— Winchester
Hotel. *i Third vt., ru-ar Market: TOO rooms;
Cc to II '0 prr niffhl; $1 50 to ?« |>er week;
free 'buy and bargaK- to and from th" f*rty.
WHITE fnamel iron h°Js. single, three-quarter
Of douhle. tl la. EASTERN OUTFITTING
<"O.. l3Ki-13i; Stookf-n ft., neej Broadway.
A-V. Vi DERBY and Fedora hats. II 75. Popu-
lar- Price Hattprs, &}" Kearny 8t.. n*ar Pine.
FINE suite. *10; ore^s nanis. t! 7Z. MIFFIT
1-I.iiTIfIN'G I'ARL/"ins.4r Montgomery et.
BCHOOL to learn hair<1rep5lr.»r. hair work, man-
Itmrtnjr; private lespont- or class. MIPS A. V.
POriuE. :7"4 Market, let. Polk and Van Ness.
Jl 'VVirKKLY; suits to order from genuine
S>-ot" h. SIS up; fine «lt«*o suit*. $20 up; «le-
jror.t. orerocats, Jn \.p. LEON lemos. 1117
Market « . bpt»-f»-n Seventh and Eighth.
ASTHMA; sure cure. MRS. S. II. LEE. Falr-
oaks. «^al. ; route No 1.
M. PAl'RET. florist and decorator. Is now at
EH Geary ex.; phone ]2J1.
WAPQl^RADT: cost-jr^n. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CXID home open for I.ealthy boy or grirl baby.
Mrs. Vr. Funke. 1416 Klghth st.. Alameda.
BPfUXG styles Standa-d r'attcrr.s now ready.
. "Domestic" office. VCl Market St.. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, mr-tal spinning, brass fin-
lEhln? A n.-MjcU maJe. A. Uraff. 10 Stevenson.
BUPERFLCOUfl hair and mol*-* destroyed with
clectrl'.- needle. MIgg EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
r»K. LAMoTTE'f? Frrnch Corn Paint, the b€St
iorn t-urf; 2.V; all druggists.
ALFREUl'MS Bfnttax Henna; restores rray
hair to it» natural clui : $1; at all druggists. :
r«IVMUA.%» A>U Mlimo>3.
DP. C. c! O'DONN ELL— Office ar.d residence]
10S1 1 ! Market Ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. YTOa-'G HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treat? all diseases of tfce human body; nee
f-ytimonlalic at office. il'-II? Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE C1TV — FOIt SALR.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS* LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. «67 Market Bt.
f27<v>— Two swell Mission flate; 5 rooms each
End ftahle; rents S3C<: murtgafe $2300.
j-tf-Satrarcer.to Ft., caet of Powell; rents
12.". : <-n* tenant 10 years.
J25O"— Three nir<» flats; all r»ntod: near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
jrif*i _ Corner 4CxV<, with sood 10-room
hov*»-; Hyde tr.
$77. r 0— Splendid investment; near Van Ness
av*.; rrntfl $'1.
IVt'A— Three R-rorm modern flats; rented low
JSJ; near Leaver. worth st.
%-iVA — Business aroiiCTiy; Ninth »t.. near
Mission; rent* J45.
Hl.irfXi— j=tore and 2 strictly modern flats of
7 «nd 5» rnom?; north of Market Ft.
llJ/ifift-SE. cor. Mason ar.d Washington sts. ;
SlxS2:« ft., and 12-room hou»<>; will pay hand-
Mmfiy If improved: want; ofT»"r-
S:2..Vrf5 — l^eavenworth Bt.; rents *106; lot £5-
for.t front.
tlS.VO— Grand corner business property; rent*
J'12; l<n f»)jc?O feet.
I*1.<M IHrTrt prar.d flats. 6 snd * rooms;
rear Jnn**> et.: l"t 75x117; pas's 30 per cent.
O.M*i_l»u*ln»TS property of 4 stores and 8
f.mtr; trtF f2iO.
$^s.<v,fi_M!«Flon-it. corner; 170x160; actually
wrrth 10.400; munt sell at once.
?<«/v0— Ccrner; Golden Gate ave.; 337:6x137.?;
r*>r:t* ?:i0.
SZS.WiO — Grand romer: 60-fo»>t front: few
Mr^-tts fmni Orpbeum: pays 6 per cent net.
S7;..W»— Orand corner; 60-foot front: within
M^ck ofTlvoll; old ircprovements; renti $400.
OtIit bar^aitis.
Apply A. M. SPECK Jr CO.. 667 Market st.
tlW-CHKAPHFT home In the city: to effect
quirk wile: 4 rooms and stable: well of water
5'rrOre* 100C rallons t>er day; street accepted
by city: < - cm«>rjt Fid*walk: plank side en-
fance: nart rash. Call Immediately on H.
\V. DAVIS, 41i Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
FOR sale at a banrsin— That elejrant new 10-
rnom tioure. 77i Cole Et.; elegantly decorated;
. op^n daily.
-.I*": n" ApiSlNOTON ST~ "
f<£CO: n>u« be ecld r.n account of departure;
Ixcf* cf 7 roorr.s and bath: lot 2ExI27:S<4.
FOIt th» be?t located lots In Richmond and the
rhe»p^«« t»'.\ on W. J. Otinn. i30 California.
j[Tl"r?T fU— 2 choice level lota near cars. HIS
. earn. Thlrtletcn. 272 gadowa «tt. Ocean View.
{y vr.u l:av« lots to fil north of the Park.
<i,; n caM r. n KV J. GL'NN. 130 California st.
cTiEXrEPT and t>c«t In America— The Weekly
• ~fl'1 ".''• r«c*?. cnt to cny address in th«
T'n'tVd Ptate» or Canada one year for $1,
ItlCAl- I'STATE COfXTHV For «»nl«-
FOR r-ale— A besutifu! home of 11 acres, about
»-.alf in bearlr.t: fnilt trr-es: modern house of
T rcon-.f windmill and tankhouse, barn and
rhlrken-hiuttr. etc.; about S00 chickens.
' hr.rtc and catriaic'. tools. «tc. Included: a
rnt>6 income on the p:*ce; owner (rolng: to the
old country: price M>4; terms to suit. C*Jl
or -Sin* MRS. L. JACOBSEN. Llvermort.
cai. ; .
M ORirri^. 7I» Market «t.. near Call bld».,
has pHnted list* farms Jn Sonoma. Khanta,
Pir.ia Clars. ganta Craz and othar counUe».
FOR R«nt-H«ndy-«*ea fruit and hay ranch;
near tiny. Address erwiU box 2112. Call offlce.
WRITE 3. XV. HORN. S12 Main, Pemluma. for
xt* copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargalne.
BEALTV TO EXCUAXGO. .
Wir. Tel Black 1S0S.
I have a long list of city and country prop-
arty 1st -stfe *nd tfRcbange. Pleas* call. I
RPBCIAIi NOTICES. . |
HAD tenants elected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
_ lli Montsowery st., rooms 'J-10; tel. *«*U.
IIOOMS papered from U up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. ."1H 3<Vst.M.M. lied 3521.
CHEAPEST ami best in America— The Weekly
• "all. is pases, sent to any address In the
i.niw Ptatos or Canada one year for tl. |
— T^J* K * vltlTI " :its AXn sri'i'Liics. ;
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-Wc
ivll better mcahlnes? for les? money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Kxchttnge. 536 California: telephone -Main L'66.
DIA'IOEXI) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE -Civldend No. 2", (thirty
cents i-er share) of the Paauhau S:ic«r Plan-
tation Company will lie payable at the office
of the company, 32« Market St.. on and after
Monday. March 11. 1901. Transfer books closed
Saturday, March 2. 130 J. at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany icon.)— a dividend. No. 27. of seventy-
five cents rT3c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal ftock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430
California st.. Pan Francisco, on March 11.
1901. Transfer hooks close March 4. 1301. »t
noon. JULIAN BONNTAO. secretary pro tern.
ntOI'OSAL?,
TREASURY Department. Offlce Supervising
Architect. Washing.):;. D. C. Feb. 21. 1901.—
Sealed proposals will b» received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m., on the 29th day of
March. 1901. and then opened, for the con-
struction 'and completion of a Cabin Pas-
senRer House at th«i Pan Francisco Quaran-
tine Station. Angel lsltind, California, in ac-
cordance with drawing and specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect, by applying to
. thli offlce or to J. W. Roberts, superintendent
of construction, at the New Postoffice. San
Francisco. California. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR. Supervising Ari-hitect.
TREASURY Department, office of Supervising
Architect. Washington. D. C, February 23,
1901. — Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the €th day of
April. 1901. and then opened, for the construc-
tion (except heating apparatus, electric wiring
and conduits) of the United States Postofflce
Rt Oakland. Cal., In accordance with draw-
Ings and specifications, copies of whlih may
be had at this office, or at. the offlce of the
Postmaster at Oakland, Cal., at the discretion
; of the Supervising Architect. '
JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
I . Supervising Architect.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies.— Offlce
Purchafilng Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
llarch 7, 1901.— Sealed nroposals for furnishing
and delivering of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Francisco.
<:al.. as per circular to be seen at this offlce,
will be received here until 11 o clock a. m.,
TUESDAY, March 19. 1901. and opened Imme-
diately thereafter, in presence of bidders. Spe-
cifications, general Instructions to bidders and
blank form of proposals will be furnished to
I established dealers on application to \V. H.
BALDWIN. Major and C. 8., V. 8. Army,
Purchasing Commissary.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wa*h., February 12. 1901.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. March 12. 1901, and then opened,
for furnishing fuel at the several military
posts In this department, and at Camp at
Skcguay, Alaska, and at Fort Lisciim (Port
I Valdez). Alaska, for fiscal year commencing
I July 1st. 190L . Information furnished here or
by quartermasters at pests. V. S. reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
cr any part thereof. Envelopes containing
proposals should be marked: "Proposals foT
fuel at ," and addressed to undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
J The following marriage licenses were issued
I yesterday:
I Lorenzo D. Penland. 26. Vallejo, and Emvah
L. Ofborn, IS, 1517 Market street.
! Samuel Schneider, 27. 820 Oak etreet. and
| Rosalind Leiser. 23. 1C3« McAllister street.
' Edward M. Elkus. 27. 232S Pacific avenue.
* and Acnes E. Whelan. 13, 403 Van Xesa ave-
! nue.
I Jacob Guggenheim, 27, Kobe, Japan, and Er-
mine Hess, 22, city.
¦ Giovanni R. Tofanelli. 26. 1106 Kearny Etreet,
anrt /.alra Pardlni. 24. 12 Ohio street.
Luman IX Olln. 40. city, and Joanna Max-
well. 40, city. -
F. B. Williams, 30, city, and Genevieve C.
Henry, 2S, city-
BIRTHS— MABRIAQES—flEATflS.
Birth, marriage and death notices rent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
JACOBSON— February 17, 1P0I. to the wife of
I. Jacobson of Gllroy, a son.
MARCUM— In thin city. March 3. 1901. to the
wife of Robert F. Marcum. a daughter.
BOYEN— JUNGCLAU6— In this city. March 6.
: 1901. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Charles
Siegfried Boyen and Bertha Attophine Jung-
claus.
OLJN-MAXWELI^-In this city, March 7. 1301,
at Central U. E. Church, by the Rev. S. V.
Hutslnplller. Luman 1). Olln and Joanna
Maxwell, both nf San Francisco...
PAULSEN-MIXGST-In this city. March 6.
MCI. by the IJev. J. H. Schroeder, Arfst Rich-
ard Magnus Paulsen and Friderlcka Mlngst.
STEWART-SMITH-In this city, March 8,
1801. at the Mlzpah Presbyterian Church. :>y
the Rev. F. A. Doane. Charles H. Stewart
and Cora M. Smith, both of San Francisco.
___ . . „.„
Ahlgren. George L. Moser. Georre
Anson. Henry S. Norrls. Gilbert D.
Barker. Joehua O'Connor. Patrick
Bornsteln, Slgmund O'Dwyer, James
Burke. John Perrera. Mabel
Bufe. John Phillips, 'Stanley C.
Cederbloom, John S. Piconso. John E.
Coffin. Fred F. Plunkett. Mrs. H.
I>aley. William Reardon. M. Florence
Donegan. Mary Ryan. John L.
Drew. Mary L. Schaefer. Charles G
Duean. Larry Simcock. Catherine
Godfrey Mnfant) Simpson. David
Hathaway. C. B. Thompson, Mary A.
Jenkins. Nellie Thomson. Leona R.
Killavary. Levlna Vlerhus. Katherine
McKeown, "VVm. J. Williams. Lizzie C.
McLaughlln. Patrick Wolff.- William
Monte. Catherine
AHLGREN- In this city. March <S, 1901. George
L.. beloved son of Charlea l». and Katie
Ahlgren, and brother of Edward. Emma and
Charles Ahlgren and Mrs. Clara Smlthurst.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 1st days.
rcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1277 Page street, between
Baker and Lyon. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
ANSON— In this city, March 6.' 1901, Henry S.
Anson, beloved husband of Mary E. Ansou,
a native of England, aged 69 years 4 months
and 13 days.
BARKER— In Oakland, March 6, 1901, Joshua
Barker, a native of. New Bedford, Mass.,
ared 68 years.
CiyFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 12:43 o'clock, at the
parlors of the First Unitarian Church. Oak-
land. Interment at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BORNSTEIN— In this city, March 6, 1*01, 8lg-
mund, beloved husband of Roaalia. Bornsteln.
father of Sol, Moses and Robert I Bornsteln,
and brother of Louis Bornsteln, a native of
Templin, Province of Posen, Germany, ag»d
S9 years 11 months and 9 days.
ETTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his lat« resi-
dence. 617 Gough street, between Fulton and
McAllister, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
to New Salem Cemetery for Interment..
BURKE— In this city. March S. 1001, John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Burke, and father
of John, William, Michael, Charles, George,
Alice and David Burke, a native of. Bally-
poreen. County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 63
years 8 months and 10 days. (Rocklin, Mass..
papers pleasa copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. SI Eddy street,
thenco to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.,' opposite Lincoln School.
'Telephone South 80. a
j«%/v\e«» mediisiv .
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
St., fcet. Taylor and Jones. Tel. South 676.
REMEMBER 214 Eddy st. is on the right
hand side of street going from Market.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1 IZti Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
| . Telephone South 247. .1
¦¦¦HaaBamianBiMaMnganaai^Da^aa^
cremation]
Odd Fellows' CemsterK Association
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
Officers and secretaries and their families is S30.
All others $35. Expenxlve cofflns and orna-
ments are seldom used. A niche In the Colum-
barium Is a monument and eaves the cost of a
lot and its care and jston* work. Send for cir-
cular.. •- ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
ft ©
§ is the time . g
§ you leave §
g SAN FRANCISCO g
2 for Chicago §
% on the S
« s
i California Limited |
g s
o *
© the great train g
• on the ®
• s
SANTA FE |
MMITIIKR.1 rAtinfl COMHAHT.
" (PACIFIC »T*TCM.)
"ITrwIn* iynf a nn«4 !»¦-•» ju« |& iirrtf # &4
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street)
«*ti — From Maxch 1. 1301. — nun
7:3Oa BrnicU. Sutsun. Elmin. Vacaiilla,
Ujid»i-i »uJ sicmafni.) 7i30r
~:3t»A D»»is, Woodlaad. KnighU Ltadloj,
MarjiTllle. <>rai|ii«_ 7i30r
7:30* Atlantic Kipress— Osdon and E»it' 13:S0r
SiOtlA Marttner, San lUnion. Vallejo. 2i»p»,
l'*iinwgia!..lS»uta Row KtZOr
8:OOa Xllri. Utenncre, Tricy, Lathrop,
Stockton 7i30r
9i3*« Shasta Express— Darts, Williams (for
Eartlt-tt Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff. Portland. 7«5©r
liSOt Hnu Jun, Li»rrmori>, Stocktnn,
Jwt«, S»rrmin-ut<v PlicrrriUo,
MitniTillo, C'hico, Kml Btiitf 4iS«p
Hi3Oa Oakdale, Chineso, douors, Carten... 4iSOr
liMiiiA Hajwards. NiUaaod Way Stations. llt.iO*
U:i)l>« lot Angeles Express — Martlne*.
.... Tncj. L»tiiroj>. Stockton, iloio.il
Kruino and Lea Anrolea T:20p
Us»UA Valleji). MartUiex MM Way Station! Oilttf
I »>:otu The Oterland Limited— ©idea, Dra*
»er, Omaha. Chlcuj > •«»•*
I1:OOa Kile*. Stockton. Macramratn, Meo-
dota. Fresno, llauford, VI«»ll*.
roneoillo 4tS«r
I1:0oa LlTerrnore, flaoipr. Goshen Jaao-
tlon, B* keis3eiiL Lot Aa geles
fliOOp 8aornm«>iitu Ut«er Ste»ni«ra |3i00a
ai«»p llsjwarda. NiUa and War Station!. »«-"»Or
l:<inrM<iiiijM, Halt lUmon, ValUJo.
Nn|>». »:»ll"t.. K f», SkiiIk Kon »s»O«
4i»**r ISriiicia, WlcJers, Maeraniento,
Wo»MlIaii<l, Knijlit* 1-auiJliif.
M«n»*>lli». OiotUla I«H1«a
4>»<»p Hiywards. Nllmand SuJom «S:»*a
StOOp Ni.es. Llrormore, Stnckvn. Lodl ... 10:30a
, gUsOOr Huoret Umited. El Faao. Xr»
Orleaai and Ka»t cI»:UOa
S:OOpTho Uwl Limited— Traajr, Viesao.
Bi1i«n&eld. Sanjua (or 8aut» B»r-
liar*. Lna Anttelea 10:39a
BiOSr New Orlrant Ezpma— llakeiatlaM.
.Siuitit lutan, l.ua Ancslcs. IVio-
ins. £1 l'ui), Mew Urieaua aud
East 7i3««
lt:OOr I!*>ward<, Nilct and Han JoK 7iA0\
fttiOOr Vallejo lltflo^
UsOwrOrieutat Mall— OgJen. Cbejenuo.
Oinihm. Cttc.g'. ia:SOp
8:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, DeoTer.
Oraatia. Chlmro. 4>Snp
7jOOp Orrfim and California Kx^roui.Haa-
rnuiKiitn. MarravllU. U-.U\h,tt.
r..rt),i...l. l*.i E f,l. M.......1 an.1 Ka4 Ss-IOa
*i*-1r Sas P^bio. r.>rt Co»t». Mirtlaex
tmitVtj Mtationa 11>3««
t»:OSp ValH" *l5Of
(OAST III VIMON ISmTM <aaa;«).
<Fo<.t«t M:irkrtHlrect.>
Bsl»A Newark. »>n U-r»i:le.S»>i.l<>«e. Krlt..n.
l:uul<l«r (>• ek, Santa Crux ami Way
8tationa 0i»0r
t*s I-V Newark, <;ant«rf IIIp, Htn .losa, Rkw
Almailau, V«Unn. ItnnUler Creelt,
Bant* l.'iuz' and Vriuelyiit V.'af
Stations I !•»«•¦»•»
•»:l^r Newark. H»nJraa, LnsGatoa S>»«a
aO:SOp Ilnnser*' Kicursion, San Joaa and
Wty Buttons l?t30?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr*a>sn ramcisco— r««t *r u*tt*t sum tsiis d—
t7:15 9:00 1100a.m. 1:33 1:33 S:13r.M.
rriiaOtlUID— r»«l*rirMi»j.— 1«:09 td:0O t5:0J
IQOOt.M. 12:Q3 2:33 1:13 r.lt.
COAST IIITISIOX (Broad <iar R #).
(Thlr.l M,a To«n»etiil St».)
'|O.I«a Ocvan Vt»rr. Month M»n Vt»uct*cn.. f«i:ti>r
7it«« Han .Into m..l Way HUUona (New
Alinftdeu Weiliiendays only) li30p
BiOOa Kau J<m«, Tres l'iuoa, NaiiU Crux, -
racltlo ttroie. I'asn Itohlna. Sail
l.ulii i>lii»|ii.. Surf. Lorapoo ami
lVlncifHl W»» SUUnnt 4llO»«
inilO* Ban Jon ami Way Htatioua «i:»a
IIiSOa Man .1»«e and Way Stations SiUOp
f*sl5r S»:i Matro, Itedwood, Menlo Park,
Fa!o Alto. SanU Clara, 8*n .U-nn,
, Trea Pinoa. rtunta OMB; Balinaa.
* Moutersj »».! l'mcifio OroT« tl*>**a
t lii »r Pt:i J ""«T**i"i Principal Way Stations «i 15 a
t*>:iior &an Jos*. Los Oitos and Principal
WaySutlom f"'*"*
JiSOp San Jo»o and Principal Way SUtlous NiSSa
tiinr San Joaa au.1 Way Stations t«:*» A
all^-irSanJHxtiilWty .Station* Tl3Or
A fnr Moruinr. 1' (or A t ternoon.
t Mimda? f ip«pteJ. I Suud»y only.
g yiomUy% VTeAnnd*ft, FridaT*.
c Tuesdays. Thundaya, flondjys.
a Saturday nnl>
CALIFORNIA NOSTflVESTEBN fil. CO.
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAWY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of MorK«t St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TTBTJROX FEBST-TOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30.
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
ST7XDATS-8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:S0. 2:10.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
o<ia fCarual to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40, 11:19 a. m.; l:*0. »:«.
5:05. €:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea Park.
game schedule as above. *
Leave | In Effect I ArrlT9
San Francisco. INov. 7. 1900.1 San Franclaeo.
Week 1 Sun- I ) San- I W««k
Days. ( days. | 'Degtinatlon. I days. I Day*.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluana. «:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm; <:i2 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburr,
- Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pta
7:30 am] I Hopland I j
I S:C0«m! and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am . 10:23 am
8:00 am Gnerneville 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
{ and
5:10 pm! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:03 pm, 8:22 pm
'7: 30 am| 8:C0am ]10:4'> am 10:25 am
3:30 pni| 5:00 pm Sebastopol. ( 7:35 pm| 8:37 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnns; at Fulton
I for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle lor SKaors Springes; at Clov»rdale
for fie Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring*. KelseyvlMe. Carls-
had Springs. Soda B*y. Lakeport and Kartlett
! Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprlasrs. Saratoga
| Springs. Blue Lakes). Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L.ierley'9 Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'» Hot Sprlnffd,
Mendoclno City. Fort Brajtir. Westport. Usa».
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Curomlnxa. Bell'a Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all potnH
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 6C0 Market St.. Chronicle build-
Ing. R- X. RTA.V,
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. A«t.
Gen. Manager. x - .":
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Sauaalito Ferry— Foot of Hvbet St.
IV. «»« >mai. iml «•>• M*»
9:15 A.M.) W'VFK DVV^ tVXOr.it.
1:45 p. it. 'f WfcEK DAYS _!
4:00 P. »i.) Stay over nigh tat the tavern (,10:f> a. \t.
8ffl.i.M.l f IMtr.it.
m:»"»A. m. i «rvn»v<i 1 J^O"*.*.
11::»a.m. f SUNDAYS j 4Hir,U.
1:13 p.m.) l5:Vip.ji.
' ' Fare. San Francisen to Surcrait and Return. SI. 40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., A Sausalito Kerry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABST ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment nf ITivata
DixnweH. l*t*t Manbood. Debility or
rtitpas* u ciirlcgon body and uitnrt an<t
Skin Ulsense*. The Doctorcnret when
others fail. /Fry hirn. fhar^es low.
< p rtrr« jBranri»nt#-«-d. Cull or wrlta.
Dr. J. I*. UIBBO>, &aa Francisco, Cal. _
Redeemer Church, where a requiem mass
will bo celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at -10:30 o'clock. ' Interment
private.
SIMPSON— In this. city. March 7, 190L David
Forbes Simpsonr beloved son of David and
.Emma Simpson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6. months and 5 days.
THOMPSON— In this city, March 5. 1901. Mary
Agnes, beloved wife of the late William
Thompson, mother of Henry Thompson, Mrs.
Ward Lane, Mrs. R. R. Cook and Mrs. Eu-
gene Ayers, and grandmother of Clotilde
Lane and Albert and Ida Cook, a native of
CJueer.stown. County Cork, Ireland, aged 63
years 7 months and 19 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
from the parlors cf McAvoy & Co.
Interment private.
THOMSON— In this city. March 6. 1901, Leona
Iluth. beloved daughter of George S. and
Mary A. Thomson, sister of William G. and
• George R. Thomson, and granddaughter ot
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Thomson and Mrs. A.
Tessier, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 19 days.
(C7FrleJids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1S21 Howard street. Interment
Mount Cemetery.
VIERHUri-In this city. March 6. 1901. Kath-
erine, beloved wife of Robert Vlerhus, and
mother of Claude. Frank and Arthur Vier-
hus, a native of Ontario. Canada, aged 36
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
•"Friday), at 11' o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors. 2428
California street, between Fillmore and
Steiner. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city. March 6. 1901. Liz-
zie Charlotte, beloved wife of Tom Flnley
Williams, daughter of Peter and the late
Charlotte Mackel, and sister of Henri'. Lena.
Emma and Willie Mackel. a native of Chi-
cago, aged 20 years 9 months and 14 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da;.'
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary- Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. .
WOLFF— In Concord. N. H.. March 6,. 1901.
- William Wolff of Boston. Mass.. beloved hus-
band of Mary Wolff, and father of Jullu-t
Wolff, aged 85 years.
cmn rcfiulem mass will be celebrated for th2
, repWe of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
'" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BL'SE— In Alameda. March 7. 1901. John Buse.
btlovrd husband of Johanna Buse. father of
John Buse Jr., -and son-tn-law of J. N. Beck-
. man. h native of Uerntany, aged ZZ years and
4 months. • ¦ . ' ' • - - •
C12DBK1ILOOM— In this city, March 5, 1301,
Jchn a. Cederbloom. husband of the - late
Hanna Cederbloom, father of A. R. Ceder-
bloom and Mrs. P. Rasmussen. and brother
of Mn>. J. M. Elmquist. a native of Sweden,
ascd 72 years 7 months and 27 days. A mem-
ber of Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F., and
Scandinavian Society.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitt-d to attend the funeral this tlay
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I/O. O. F. Hall,
corner Market and Seventh streets, where
funeral services will be held under the bue-
pices of Pacific Lodce No. 153. I. O. O. F.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S
McAllister street.
COFFIN— In this city. March 6. 1901, Fred F.,
beloved husband of A. W. Cofnn, and father
of Percy H. Coffin, Mrs. R. Hubbs and the
late Harry W. Coffin, a native of Ohio, aged
6S years.
CSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock. J'rom Westminster
Presbyterian Church, corner Page and Web-
ster streets, thence by electric funeral car
from corner Guerrero and KlKhteenth streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
¦DALEY-In this city. March 7..1'J01. William,
beloved son of the late Michael and Bridget
Daley, and brother of James, Maggie, Sadie,
Martin and Michael Daley. Mrs. Scharetg.
Mrs. Lawler> and Mrs. Cunningham, a na-
tive of New York, aged 32 years.
, CTFrimils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S74 Pennsylvania avenue, near Army
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a solemn requiem hich mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DONEGAN— In this city, March 6, 1301, Mary,
beloved wife of the late John J. Donegan
mother of Margaret A., John J., Jerome P.,
Mary A. and Catherine E. Donejtan, and be-
loved sister of Daniel, Michael and John
Donovan and Mrs. Frank Kroutch, a native
of the parish of Myross, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 46 yrars and 1 month.
f^T Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 43 Rltch street, between Third ahd
Fourth, off Folsom, thence to St. Patrick's
Church. Mission street, where' a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DREW— In Sutter Creek. March 6, 1901, Mary
Lucretia, wMow of the late Major A. W.
Drew.- mother of Mrs. Laura E. Whltaker
and Fred E. Drew, and slRter of Mrs. J. W.
Phillips. Mrs. L. N. Breed and D. F. Blunt.
- a native of Maine.
DUO AN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 7. 10m. Larry Dugan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 33 years.
GODFREY— In the City and bounty Hospital,
March 6, 1901, Infant son of Mildred Godfrey,
a native of California, aged 7 days.
HATHAWAY-In Nantucket. Mass., March 3,
; 1901, C. B. Hathaway, beloved husband of the
late Lizzie Hathaway, and father of Charles
C. Hathaway. Mrs. C. A. Potter and Mrs.
Emll Trittenbach of San Francisco, aged 71
years and 5 months.
JENKINS-ln this city, March 7, 1001. Nellie,
beloved wife of John Jenkins, daughter of
Mrs. E. Kidd. and sister of Mrs. W. B. Nye
and Mrs. Frank Stevens, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 23 years.
KILLAVARY— In this city. March 6. 1901, Le-
vlna Killavary, beloved sister of Patrick K.
Burke. Mrs. Charles Murnhy and Mrs. E.
Oilman of Los Angeles, a rrtive of County
. Derry, Ireland, aged 43 years 6 months and
15 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
. of her sister, Mrs. Charles Murnhy. 431
Twenty-fifth avenue.- between Point Lobos
avenue and Clement street, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, Eighth avenue. Richmond, '
for services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKKOWN— In this city, March 5. 1901, Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved husband of Margaret
McKeown (nee Ward), loving father of Roy
McKeown, beloved son of Mary J. and the
late William McKeown. and brother of Rich-
ard and Mlnnta McKeown. Mrs. W. Francis
and the late Thomas McKeown. a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged 30 years 10 months and
5 days. A member of Court Seal Rock No.
43, F. OX A.
ICFriends of tlie family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Fri-
day), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence.
S7 Silver street, between Second and Third,
and thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
McLAUGHLIN-In this city. March 6. 1901.
Patrick, beloved brother of John McLaugh-
lin of 210 Rose avenue, a native of the parish
of Leasran, County Longford. Ireland, aged
66 years.
(HTFrlends and acquaintances arej respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thiB day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass 'will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment M«unt Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MONTE— In this city. March 7. 1901. Catherine.
dearly beloved daughter of Joseph and Rosa.
Monte, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years v 7 months and 18 days.
MOSER-In th« City and County Hospital,
March 7, 1901. George Moser.
NORHIS — In CentervlIIe. Alameda County.
March 7, 1901, Gilbert David, dearly beloved
son of Joseph D. and Margaret L. Norris,
a^ed 1 year.
(£7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2:20 o'clock.
O'CONNOR— In this city, March 6. 1901. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Mary O'Con-
nor, and father of Sarah, Charles and Harry
O'Connor and Mm. Marvin Ford, a native of.
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 65 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:J0 o'clock, from hln late resi-
dence, 283 Thirteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS 'of the Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Ignatius Church are requested to meet
this (Friday) evening, at 8 o'clock, at 2S3
Thirteenth street, to recite the office of the
dead for their deceased member. Patrick
O'Connor.
O'DWYER— In this city. March 6. 1901, James,
beloved" husband of -Margaret G. • O'Dwyer,
father of Imelda and Raymond O'Dwyer. and
brother of Thomas J. and the late Charlea,
Mamie and Ellen O'Dwyer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 1 month and 6 days.
(ETKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
PERREIU- In this city, March 6, 1901, Mabel,
beloved wife of Frank Perrera. a native of
Pittsburg. Pa., aged 37 years. (Pltteburg,
Fa., pipers piea«e copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence in Novato.
PHILLIPS— In Berkeley. March 7. 1901. Stanley
Cooper, only Bon of Henry B. and Henrietta
A. Phillips, aged 8 years and 2 months.
PICONSO— In this city, March 6. 1901, John
E., dearly beloved husband of Florence K.
I'iconso, son of Bartolomeo and Louisa Pic-
onso, and brother of Rose and Lawrence
Plconro and Mrs. A. M. . Parry, a tiatlve of
1 New York, aged 25 years 9 months an<i 9
days.
PLUNKETT— A month's mind for the repose
of the soul of Mrs. Hannah Plunkett. beloved
mother of Mamie, Kate, Lillian and Mar-
garet Plunkett, will, be celebrated at th.?
Dominican Church, .Bush and Stelner streets,
this day. (Friday), at 9 o'clock.
RPMIDON-In this city. March B, 1901 M
Florence, beloved daughter of Nell and Annie
P. Reardon, and granddaughter of the lat<»
Mrs. Henry Simcock. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years 5 months and 2 days.
(GTFriends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral this day*
fFrlday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 710 Castro street, thence to the Holy
Redeemer Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for i the repose of ! her bouI,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate.
RYAN— In this city, March 6. 1901. John L.
Ryan, beloved brother of Mrs. James Cos-
grave and Mrs. D. C. Kheehan of Montana, a
native of County. Klldare, Ireland, aged 62
years. . .
(tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be . celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHAEFER-In this city, March e, 1001,
Charles Q. SchaefeY. dearly beloved father of
Mary -C. Sohaefer. a native of Baltimore,
Md. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
CyFrlends are respectfully invited, to at-
tend the funeral Sunday. March 10, at 11
o'clock, from his late residence, 791 Sutter
street, thence to Shlels building, 32 O'Farrell
' street, where services will be held under the
auspices of Union Lodge No. 1895, K. of H.
Interment Holy Cross - Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Union Lodge
No. 1S95, Knights of Honor, are herebynotl-
fled to attend the funeral of our late re-
porter, Brother C. G. Schaefer. Sunday.
March 10. at 11 o'clock, the lodgeroom.
THOMAS L.TOMLINSON. Dictator.
GEORGE J. VINCENT, Acting Reporter. .
The officers and members of tHe- Grand
Lodge. . Knights of Honor, are fraternally in-
vited. to attend.... . ' ..
; The officers and members of the Past Dic-
tators' Association are fraternally invited to
attend. . - "" ' • '. ., • .
The officers and members of. the Veteran
; Firemen's Association: are respectfully in-
vited to attend. ? ' '
6IMCOCK— In this city. . March 6, 1901. Cath-
erine,- beloved wife of the late Henry Sim-
cock (nee Mitchell), and mother of Annie S.
Reardon and the late Mary F. O'Neill, a na-
¦.*tlv6 of Monorhamllton. County Leitrim, Ire-
land, aged 74 years l, month and 4 days."- :¦¦
¦¦ CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 710 Castro street/' thence to" the HolyWOMAN GRABS DOCTOR'S HAT
AND DRUNKEN SOLDIER AS
SAULTS HIM.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
yesterday afternoon from Chief Conlisk
of Ogden that Detective Byram had left
there by the afternoon train for this city
•with "Sir" Harry "West-wood Cooper, alias
Ernest Moore Chadwick.. who is wanted
here on two charges of forgery. They
will arrive Saturday morning.
Cooper on His Way Back.
Mrs. G. T. Greenleaf delivered a delight
ful lecture yesterday afternoon In the
parlors of the First Unitarian Church for
the benefit of the Society for Christian
"Work. Mrs. Greenl°afs subject was
"Brave Little Holland." The large audi
ence present testified their appreciation
by frequent applause.
A Talk on Holland.
Vulntet for clarinet, two violins, vtola and
violoncello (Mozart). E. W. Kent. Hother Wis
twr, Samuel Savannah, Conrad Fuehrer, Ar
thur Weiss: (a) adagio from concerto Xo. 4.
I> major (Frederick the Great). <b) sonata for
flute with figured b&ss. A minor tHaendel),
the piano accompaniment worked out by Ferdi
nand David, A. Rodemann and Dr. H. J. Stew
art; sor.es. (a) '"Wldmung" (Schumann). <b>
"Der Aera" mubinstein). fc) "Die Mainacht"
(Brahms), Mrs. Birmingham, accompanied by
Fre-i Maurer: trio for piano, violin and violon
cello. B flat major. Op. r.2 (Rubinstein). Arthur
Fickenscher. Samuel Savannah. Arthur Weiss.
A large audience enjoyed last night at
Sherman-Clay Hall the excellent pro
gramme provided for its entertainment by
the Musicians' Club. The club waf3 as
slsted by Mrs. J. E. Birmingham. Follow
ing is the. programme:
Musicians' Club Concert.
Taylor was in the Mongolian quarter
with Price at the time the lieutenant was
brought before the Commissioners. The
Murph>F. Brady snd Connor have been
on squads within th«» last year and In ad
dition to being efficient officers have a
vaft knowledge cf the Mongolian wiles
and tricks. Chase served under Sergeant
Some days apo The Call announced the
intention of Chief of Police Sullivan to
replace *hf uniformed officers by a squad
in citizens' clothing. The dress of the
former policemen tended to hinder them
la their efforts at raiding clubs, and it
¦was decided that men in citizens' clothing
oould more successfully elude the watch
ful eye of the "lookout" and accomplish
better results. W«4aesday a conference
was held and Whiiam Price, who had
been restored to tht rank of a- lieutenant
l>ut one day before, was chosen for the
place.
The squad that will work under Price
consists of Officers T. B. Murphy, David
Murphy, iliehaol Brady. Robert Connor.
<J. P. Chase. William M. Ross. Charles
H. Taylor and Robert A. Coulter.
Lieutenant of Police "William Price, once
disrated, then pensioned, later recalled to
active duty and lastly raised by a man
«iato of ti^e Superior Court to his former
isr.k. has been again detailed to do the
duly that brought nbout his unjust dip
rctcrnent. He will enter Chinatown an
noon to-day with 3 squad of eight men
nr.d take up the work of suppressing
Karnbling. Since tlie withdrawal of Ser
jeant Brophy ar.<3 squad in January pa
trolmen in uniform have been on guard at
The entrances of the clubs and these men
will now be assigned to street duty. The
new squad contains two more men than
were in the previous ones.
Christiansen and Koss and Coulter are
strangers in the Chinese section.
Given Command of a New Squad of Officers
and Charged With Again Suppressing
All Forms of Gambling in Chinatown
LIEUTENANT OF POLICE
PRICE FULLY VINDICATED
The physician is Dr. A. M. Evans of 135
Beulah street. He had been attending a
patient and was waiting for the last car
to pass to take him home. Two soldiers,
Market street, near Park avenue,
early yesterday morning and, It is al
leged, beat him most brutally.
A LARGE number of soldiers made
things lively on the principal
streets Wednesday night and two
of them attacked a physician on
Keith's. This Is our reception <?ay. Come
and show your appreciation. 808 Market.;*
Carroll Carrington's Funeral.
It. was the intention tc take the remains
of the late Carroll Carrington, the writer
and Journalist, to Sutter Creek, his old
home, and- the -funeral services ivere to
have been held yesterday afternoon. HI&
parents have decided to have I the inter
ment.take place at Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery. The funeral services will take place
at 10 o'clock this morning at his late resi
dence. 431 Bartlett street, and will be con
ducted by the Rev. Dr. Carr of - Trinity
Presbyterian Church. The eujogy will be
delivered' by Edward J-iI-ivernash and thi>
l>ress Club quartet will render the music.'-
The employes of the Sutter Street Rail
way Company, have taken up a collection
for the purpose of paying the funeral ex
penses of Conductor Charles Brand.- wno
died:. last, Monday ; as. , the result of an
operation for appendicitis. The amount
collected was $31, wnich was used > to buy
fiorar pieces and a headstone. The funeral
was held yesterday from the former resi
dence of the deceased, 2010- Bush street"
and the interment was at ' Laurel' Hill
Cemetery. .. •< >
Buried by Fellow Conductors.
P. Beamish, the. veteran dealer in Men's
Haberdashery, has failed in business. You
all know the excellence of the goods car
ried by Mr. Beamish, and the Monarch,
always ready with gold coin, has stepped
in and bought his stock at the usualsac
riflce In such cases. Saturday they will
commence a sale at 50 cents on the dollar
and will clean out the store to the shelves
as quickly as possible. That's the way
the Monarch does things, quick. Come
early. Saturday morning; the sale com
mences then. Get there before the lines
are^broken. Place, Beamish's old stand
209 Montgomery street. • '
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie J. Armstrong from William !
Armstrong on the ground of failure to I
provide; Nellie L. Gray from George T '
Gray for willful neglect; John C. Vogft
from Annie .Voget for cruelty: Mary F
Wilson from Daniel A. Wilson for willfu'
neglect. " and v John A. W. Carlson froni
MaryiV. Carlson for desertion
Suits, for divorce were filed by Lizzie
E. Osborne against Charles P. Osborre for
& es trtion: v Clara T. Hal! against Richard
T; Hall for cruelty; Mary Martin again-- 1
James A.' Martin for desertion; Elizabeth '
A. McMartln against William E. McMa-
tin for failure to nrovlde. and Emilv .11
Segsworth • against Frederick Segsworth
for failure to provide.
Been Dropped at Any Time.
The investigation being made by the
Federal authorities Into the cause of the
wreck of the steamship Rio de Janeiro
will be resumed this afternoon, when It Is
expected that J. K. Carpenter, one of the
passengers, will be on hand. It is be
lieved that Carpenter will- be able to
throw considerable light on the question
as to whether the steamship was slowed
down at the time the rock was struck
When the investigation was resumed
yesterday afternoon Second Officer Cogh
lan was called to the-witness. stand The
only material and important testimony
given by him was that the steamship was
proceeding slowly into port when the w"
sel struck, and that if Pilot Jordan had
so desired he might have. been able to
H. n ffl,,^ an^orage when the tog made it
difficult and dangerous to proceed ahead
Coghlan Says Anchor Could Have
PLACES BLAME ON JORDAN.
Italo Michelettl, one of the Junior part
ners in the firm of Michelettl & Co
butchers, was- held up by two masked
robbers Saturday night on Lombard
street, between Van Ness avenue an I
Franklin street. Micheletti had left his
place of business at 7 o'clock in the eve-.
ing, taking with him part of the re
ceipts of the day. amounting to $300. He
lives on Lombard street, near Franklin
and when within half a block of his home
W^ S vJ Uddei l Iy confronted by two masked
robbers, who had concealed themselves
SSS^uJiS 1^^ orderedhl * to
Both footpads were armed with re
volvers, which they pointed at Miche
lett s head, threatening to blow hi.-,
brains out If he made an outcry. Hon
1"*!,*°. 8ave _. the large amount of money
he had on his person Michelettl, realizing
¦£«.&*£ to run. handS ° f de3perat^
One of the robbers shouted to him to
stop and as he continued running, his
companion fired a shot at him, the bullet
pass ng through his hat. The shot only
accelerated his speed, and he soon out
distanced desperate men. who had
followed him.
After reaching his home Micheletti
awoke his relatives and informed them
f Va eXC , Mn f, e *P erien ce. Yesterday he
visited police headquarters and told Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour of the hold
up. As the robbers wore masks, -which
completely concealed their features
Micheletti doubts whether he could recog
nize them in case the police succeed in
running them down.
Italo Michcletti Held Up by
Two Men While Near
His Home. *
BRAVE CITIZEN
FOILS ROBBERS
showed the effects of a debauch. They
told .the Judge that they did not have the
slightest recollection of attacking any
, body, nor did they know of being In the
company of a woman. They remembered
nothing from about midnight till they
awoke in their cells yesterday morning.
?* , ?2 rom «P was dlsm »ssed along with
w,? i^ *£ ? dru ,7. k £ yesterday morning,
but an effort will be made to get her as a
w 1 1 ness.
«^n? o tall J ArchIb T a T M spoke, from two
points, of view. He was with the Boer
A r f my £ nt A after * he fal1 of Pretoria,
w n^ at u? w , as wl:n the En e»sh forces.
He^spoke- highly of the conduct of Lord
Roberts, as he also did of Dewet, Delarey
Steyn and Kruger. He pictured Dewet as
a_ general who, despite great odds, was
f^lS, V . ry l nd worry the fl &hting men
£° m . England. In speaking of Lord
Kitchener he predicted his recall to Eng
land. "When he is recalled," said the
lecturer, '.'it will be because of his cruelty
and Ill-treatment of his own men."
Captain James F. J. Archibald, who
was at the front In the Boer-British 'war.
delivered an entertaining lecture last
night. at Metropolitan Hall. The lecture
was illustrated by more than two hun
dred stereoptlcon views taken on battle
fields and at the several points of vantage
occupied by the combatants. The Boers
had the sympathy of the large audience.
The mention of the names of their leaders
was the signal for outbursts of applause
and on the other hand the name of Lord
Kitchener was greeted with a storm of
hisses., , . - .
Audience at Metropolitan
\Hall Sympathize With
.the .Boers.
LORD KITCHENER'S
NAME IS HISSED
A score of guests, mostly ladies, were
in Zinkand's when the crash of glass
startled them and directed their gaze
upward. ' They were still more startled
when they saw the shapely limbs of the
struggling young milliner protruding
through the glass roof. But the vision
quickly vanished, almost before the spec
tators fully recovered the power of
ppeech.
One of the windows of the millinery
establishment opens out on a light well
that, gives light to the Zinkand Cafe.
Ihe spool of thread was on the sill and
was accidentally knocked oft by the mil
liner. The girl was anxious to see where
the spool had gone. She leaned too far
out of the window, and, losing her bal
ance, pitched headlong down tho light
well. Her frightened companions ex
pected that her body had been crushed
Into an unrecognizable mass. To their
great relief they soon heard her calling
.lor assistance. She was sitting astride
cne of the beams supporting the glass
covering of the roof of Zinkand's and
wanted to get down. "I've got the spool."
she laughingly said, "but the next time
I won't be in such a hurry going after
it.'-'.
A ladder was secured by Zinkand's em
ployes and she was taken from, her un
comfortable position. Strange to say,
only one large pane Of glass in the res
taurant roof was broken.
A young and pretty milliner employed
in the Emma Spreckels building on Mar
ket street narrowly escaped being killed
yesterday afternoon by a fall from a
window. on the sixth floor. She lost her
balance while looking after a spool of
thread that had been accidentally
knocked out of the window by her
employer. She fell five stories, alighting
on the skylight over the Zinkand Cafe.
She escaped with a few slight bruises,
but recovered the spool of thread. She
says, however, that she would not again
put herself in the position- of taking an
aerial .flight for all the thread that will
be manufactured during the next cen
tury.
Palls Five Stories and Lands
on Skylight Over
Zinkand's.
MILLINER HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
Schubner took Dr. Evans to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Charles Millar
attended to his wounds. He remained in
the hospital for a few hours and was then
taken to his home.
The soldiers appeared in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday, but as the Judge was
notified that Dr. Evans was very ill and
confined to his bed through tho unmerci
ful beating he had received the case was
continued till Monday. Harris and Roper
A young man named N. Schubner saw
the assault and ran to the City Hall sta
tion, where he notified the police. Officer
J. r. Brazel was sent with the patrol
wagon to arrest the soldiers and he had
to chase them several blocks before he
overtook and captured them. They were
booked on a charge of battery, and the
woman, who was found with the doctor's
nat still on her head, was arrested for
drunkenness.
John TV. Harris of Company A, Tenth In
fantry, and Richard Roper of Company
B, Twenty-eighth Infantry, and a woman,
Nita Pintus, approached him.. The woman
took oft the physician's silk hat and
placed it upon her head. He remonstrated
with her, and the soldiers, who had been
drinking, struck him from each side on
the face, cutting a long, deep gash on his
forehead and knocking him down. H©
was rendered -unconscious.
E. Fabian, iormerly an electrician o?
the United States na\'y, claims to have a
plan for locating Iron wrecks by means
of magnets and electricity. His idea is to
drag for the wreck, and In event the mag
nets are attracted to the hull of the vessel
During the last few days many plans
for locating the wreck of the Rio have
been suggested. The ideas range from the
use of bread filled with mercury, which
the author of this plan sagely' asserts
would be attracted directly to the spot
where the wreck is. to apparatus which
would cost many thousands of dollars.
One gentleman suggested that the "Texas
boy," who is supposed to possess remark
able powers of vision, be sent for to peer
Into the waters of the Golden Gate.
IHvers to Claim Reward.
The divers will file a claim this morning
for the reward, but will not ask for pay
ment until they succeed in fastening a
buoy to the rigging of the submerged ves
sel.
The efforts of The Call and the Japa
nese divers to locate the Rio have induced
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company to
offer a reward of $1000 for any one furnish
ing the exact Information as to the loca
tion of the wreck. The divers of T. Mori
& Co. feel that they are entitled to the
reward, as they are positive that the Rio
is lying in the spot where the drag rope
caught on Tuesday last.
As the launches puffed their way out to
sea the waves dashed over the divers and
newspaper men, and* after proceeding
about a mile it was decided that the con
ditions were too dangerous for work. The
small deck space on the launches affords
nut little room for the men to work, even
in fair weather, and owing to the wash it
was impossible for them to pay out the
drag rope. Diving operations were out of
the question in the heavy sea, as the air
lines would not have stood the strain
The divers reluctantly put back to Har
bor View and the launcnes were anchored.
The Call representatives telephoned to
Lookout Hyslop of the Merchants' Ex
change at Point Iv5bos for half-hourly re
ports as to the conditions of the weather
but learned that the sea was not quieting.
At noon the flood tide ended and the div
ers were compelled to return to the city.
Another attemnt to fasten the drag rope
to the wreck of .the Rio will be made in
favorable weather.
Too Dangerous to Work.
Yesterday the divers purposed using a
750-foot drag rope, suspended in the water
at a depth ranging from twenty to thirty
live fathoms, hoping to fasten it around
the rigging or hull of the vessel. The
launches Sybil and Amy made a start
from Folsom-street wharf at 7 a. m., and
on reaching Harbor View took In tow
the fishing boat carrying the divers and
their apparatus.
At Fort Point the water was running In
a heavy swell, but the launches headed in
the direction of Mile Rock, it being the
intention to make a start with the drag
rope from the rock and sweep over the
same ground covered on Tuesdav last.
The divers were elated by the success
which attended the use of the ISOO-foot
drag rope last Tuesday. The rope was
caught hard and fast for ten minutes in
thirty-five fathoms of water, the drag line
being twenty-one fathoms below the sur
face. This showed that the rope had made
fast to some oDstruction jutting up from
the bottom for a distance , of fourteen
fathoms, which would be about the height
of the Rlo's topmasts if she was resting
at an angle.
Representatives of The Call and the
Japanese divers of T. Mori & Co. made
an attempt yesterday morning to find the
exact location of the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro, but owing to the heavy sea that
was running It was impossible for the
launches to work.
Wreckage Washed Ashore.
The Merchants' Exel-ange lookout at
Point Lobos reported last evening that
some wreckage from the Rio de Janeiro
had been washed ashore at Bakers Beach.
dog to lead you?"
"Well, blindfolded I mieht need some
thins like that."
The witness In response to further ques
tions said that he did not take any sound
ings to ascertain whether he was being
carried to the southward.
"Don't you think," asked Major Blake
ney, "that it would have been somewhat
of an assurance to you if soundings had
been taken?"
"I could tell by tho sound of the land
whistles," was the reply, "and .they didn't
indicate to me that I was being carried
to the southward."
"When you struck how far off your
proper course were you to the south
ward?"
"Half a mile."
"How long 1 would It take the currant
running at that time to tak» you that dis
tance?"
"1 didn't know what the current was at
that time. It may have been ten miles or
more; I could not tell."
Sergeant John Marine of Fort Mlley at
Point Lobos was called upon to sign tho
transcript of his testimony given on th»
preceding day. Major Blakeney asked
whether in his three years' experience aa
a sentry along the shore he had not often,
heard similar whistles to those blown by
the Rio. The witness replied that he often
heard fog whistles, but never signals of
distress. lie added that four or five short
whistles or a long continuous blast were
sitrnals of, distress.
The other soldiers who had testified on
"Wednesday were recalled and asked
whether they had ever heard similar sig
nals. They replied that they had not.
After the soldiers had retired Major
Blakeney remarked:
"They can't tell the truth. 'Twould kill
'em if they did."
None of the soldiers were asked whether
they had heard the passengers shouting
and screaming, although they had mada
statements to that effect to the reporters.
The inquiry will be resumed at 9 o'clock
this morning.
The investigation into the neglect of th»
life-savins station lookout, who failed to
heed the distress signals of the Rio da
Janicro when she struck on the rock?,
was continued yesterday before Superin
tendent Blakeney. Pilot Jordan was again
called to the witness stand and told tho
oft-repeated story of how the Rio'a
whistles sounded signals of distress from
the time she struck until her final plunga
beneath the sea.
The pilot, in answer to a question by
"Ward McAllister, counsel for the Pacifio
Mail Steamship Company, said that tha
distance from the point where the Rio
had been anchored during the night to the
place where she struck on the reef was
three and a naif miles. After going prob
ably a mile and a half the vessel could
have anchored, but beyond that dlstanca
the current -was too strong to admit of
anchoring'. The time consumed by the
steamer going: from the point of anchor
age to the place where she struck was
forty-five minutes, and It was possible to
drop anchor during any part of that
period, excepting the last ten minutes.
"Did you not testify before the Coroner
that you could find your way into this
harbor in a dense fog as well as you could
thread your way along ilontgomery
street?" asked Major Blakeney.
"Yes," was the reply.
"Blindfolded .and without a cane or a
the Truth.
Says It Wotdd Kill Bluecoats to Tell
electric bells vri',1 be set ringing on tha
operating boat.
BLAKENEY DOUBTS SOLDIEBS.
Another Attempt Made Yesterday to Fasten
a Drag-Rope in the Wreck of the Rio.
Divers Claim Reward of Mail Company
WIND AND SEA PREVENT
CALL'S DIVERS WORKING
¦, - • ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1901
PHYSICIAN IS BRUTALLY BEATEN
BY SOLDIERS CRAZED BY LIQUOR
Dr. A. M. Evans, While Waiting for the Last Car on Market
Street, Is Insulted by a Woman and Knocked Down by
Her Male Companions for Remonstrating With Her
12
ADVESTISEBIEHTS.
g4^4^4^^^^!^I¦:^^^^^^I¦K"^^^^^^^^^^^^:"^¦^^;^^:¦^^^¦^^
t
—OF— ! '—¦-' •
X
! Furnishing Goods and Hat Stock.
% BY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEE,
(THE MONARCH
1 AT BEAMISH'S OLD STAND,
I 209 MONTGOMERY ST.,
2 V. SAN FRANCISCO. \^
J J — ,
I Sale Commences SATURDAY, March
± 9th, at 9 a. in.
DIRECTaRY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
on Application.
COAL. COKE A>D PIQ IRO*
JC WILSON & CO-. T^ep^^n^,
COPPERSMITH.
C W. SMITH, Im P £! UI " bln *- Steamboat *n*
13 Washington at. Telephone Main 8««.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & Cft sh »PI>ln* Butchers. 104
OILS.
HTBRICATTN'O OILS. LEOXARD it KLL£3.
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
PRINTINO.
F r HTTfiffF^ printer.
' PRINTER*?. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
73 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
raCfenrornia pARTRIOfiE ™gS.P'*»
DRMQNDLTl"
I-'HIS Vv'KIX-KNOWN AND RF.LfA BLE OLD
SpecUllstcto-eiBiood Poison. (ionorrhcea r,ip e :
SS£P¥& s^ nil " ttl , Weakness. Impotence auu their
allied Disorfler*. Hook on Di*ea*es o( MeiT fr.I
Ov««r20yeaM>xper*eii«re.Terin^rea)tr>nabie Hour/
tatlon freeand sacredly coufldentkl. Can o-addreai
P. RO8COE SfcXULTY, 31. D
gQK Keorny Ht^ San Franc ijicn. CM
CAFE ROYAL BS
»c- wvercoais and
»*i!aes caecnea ir««
'ir--;-^-^^^^^^ Steam's Up!
'I' f%L I H - — " • We've Opened the Throttle,
fSIlU -And Let Her Go!
2 1 JL\ | _^^"#/-\ I^ * JrJis* Friday and Saturday
-&- ¦!¦ /; * fifjU Are the Days.
- fF^ - - A /^^""N = K v>? vJ^B. /r
¦III hi "^v* 1^ (& ifrfPri^ ® ne °f ie £°°d things you ¦^JiiiL
.; i/s " >$fS>\> /^>3L *, ?M^ s, «•*<»«'* to get aboard is the new Ai$^- J J%2Z&^^
I weaves in swell suitings for f! frffli'JsSSSSlFSkL
spring, in Olives, Tans. Sage Ij, lM^^f(^^
'\f : il'\^i'i ' :!:! '' : ' >/ IScZ£* W <£p- Greens and. all the new fabrics. n !., /¦ V&irWW/ VMgmffl^*
¦W^^^%^^^^S Well, we'll bewilder Miff, /J^^m^^
I \ ¦ '-\.C% Jl \\ y° u ' 7rit ' 1 tnr assortment and •<[!'(! A>Ci\wJf dfiffi&lM
tM'M^Mi A values. S>e > em and you'll get Wj^M-^mk '
lilMW^tt' 1 '- "¦" aboard autc^y- The price ijjL±.<g0p%^^^mA
- iPl $5 Men s Trousers
I areathandjo
.value, every % i j What mQr& fctchin j m a
pair. Hand- || :/ ch'ld than a, pretty Sailor?
somz worsted lij i / Hire's a bar g tin feast in Blue
o* ;«»c c«-,/.t«7 I 1 ll ! i Ser$c Cheviot, made in that
- strl P ss ' SP~ C ™ 1 > , | swell double-breasted style, in-
an U> l| ; I eluding extra shield. Worth
\ j easily $5. Special
Wlf^^^^l ~ i Boys' Shirts..
'^WMJ/M^^^d QIaq m'cl ]t% Like Papa Weap s.-
Mft m?mt _'~ ";•" ' f .--"J/^ **^ tvd&ll O I^J \j For little tots, ages 3 to 10
• 1 ~.W- " T_- '^r ss^^-~=-^=* €^ --\ < , ., .• . n •"¦ years, in fancy Percales.
¦ Hi ¦'¦'V^tW & :z W&?"y' r Alh(l the prica clUs no Mur?. Special
F Eii^B Fr#-> :^ We have just 200 suits. You'll ' r\ *~
:; -- 'f^»®2^^E*Sf^ : surely find, your si z*. They're VSf>
K~ • ""CSS Ifeili^^fe 1 "- $12 values, all wool, pretty col- £jiKJ\J
)&S} "^-^^^^jC'xlF 1 *^ -^ I or^ n i s ' To close f e?n out we say ~^ w-w
Whether for I JjU Double Knees,
vvucLiicr lur UaW Double Everywhere, Except In Price.
Traveling Dress or Business. ' '~~ N *~ < -~"" < f. -^ —^-v^s- • ¦"¦
C m n f f Hate rt^f | 1
m> drti jmari nais. % \r tz a
lu AV3 1 rf a 1 1 €± The new hats i. n6W 8 P rin $ col ~ /ipiilil
ilyyOB UlUC for spring, in oHti^' made WMllB
1 v soft Ox/ords, Wjk, J^i] with doioble^^^^S^
S rough effect; seats and dou- JIBP^^n.
tf^£**tfiBltf"h Pearls, Blacks, blelcnees': ivorth pr j|§psTrp\
'L/i V«\^ all colors; new spring blocks in easily fij^. You \ M. utifffj )
**J D'-rbvs; * hats easily worth know our meth- >\|k' Y^fcT <V
Always dressy, always neat; £2oO. ods. These are MlCv J£H j j*'
will hold its color for all time. Our Special values; get Wx^F 3^
We'll guarantee it, rain or A,| ft JT ' aboard. Special ¦ <&»
shine; a suit north double our * L. I % "^ ft% A f\f\
special prite. Elher style— *in- I&IiLIiJ tVI VflX\
j?lc or double breasted; any sizr. *^ - (jjrJLo£7Cs
*£rc you aboard? ¦>':: , vY:v-
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE.
Tel. South 371.
A SOLID MAN
Wants to feel safe when he sits or lies
down — doesn't want to take any chances
on landing on the floor with a broken
back and a broken commandment. We
carry a line of Chairs. Sofas and Bed-
rteads that would sustain three men if
they could get on. It's partly In the
material, more In the making. This
line Is right In both respects.
WEFinttUSH HOMES COMPLETELY
CASH OR CREDIT.
? emenV)er, P Per Ce^t Off for Casli.
Everything marked In plain figures. f
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market St.,
' ¦ ." .. : Opoosite Taylor. ,