. tJawRENCE,^ Mass., April y 17.-^Ceorge
Dlxbn,* former lightweight champion -box'
¦er.V^hpi^ss/.^cstc^^w 8^ 48 * night for
'engaging . in ¦* a . boxing, exhibition," was de
dared -^guilty - J . In ; i the 1: local ' - court' . - this
morning an.d a fine. of $10 was Imposed.
Kxon Is Fined.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Mrs. Ella Mo-
Pherson-Muir, who Is the wife of Dr. Jo
seph Muir and daughter of the late Sen
ator John B. McPherson of New Jersey,
and who Is at present contesting her late
mother's - -will, involving "an estate of
$3,000,000. was made defendant to-day in
a suit for $47 for cigarettes supplied by a
Broadway cigarette company.
Lawyer Samuel I. Ferguson brings tha
action In the City Court agalns^ both Mrs.
Muir and " her husband. The complaint
states that at the request of the defend
ant the plaintiff delivered Egyptian cigar
ettes on and between July 12 and August
14, 1899, amounting to $47; that, although
payment has been demanded, no part of
the ' bill . has . been paid. - The bill repre
sents ' in "all ' 2100 cigarettes, which were
made especially for Mrs. Muir, and were
of Egyptian tobacco, gold tipped, with a
reproduction of Mrs. Mulr's signature on
the wrapper, s
."WANTS "WOMAIT TO PAY
TOB FANCY CIGARETTES
¦ The - United States \ treasury.: gross .-• gold
holdings j have" increased*' $76,439,000: within
the past twelve months. - In this Tmonth of'
1899 -they ; barely £ exceeded \ $278,000,000, j as
against the . $500,000,000 . now held. v On- Feb-^
rua'ry ' 10,', 1896, • they - reached '. the ': low . level*
This is the largest amount of gold now
held by any; single financial* institution, in
the ,world, ' and it is i the largest ever held
by'any institution with 'one exception, the
Imperial Bank of Russia, which in Febru
ary, 1898, rzMsed, its-total holdings to $590,'
200,000. At present,: however; the" Russian 4
bank holds only ': $311,500,000. : .The: Bank: of
France now holds $472,271,000,; its. high rec-"
ord being; $479,244,000,'; on ' the \ 4th of r - this
month. -Most of this gold is. held against
outstanding notes..' The Bank of England
holds' $169,100,000 j gold, , and J the . record"* o.f
Its . history t was $245,500,000, \ In February/
1896. The present, gold- holdings Cof -.the
Imperial Baflk'cf "Germany are \ $130^)00,000,*
and', its; total To f gold " and ; silver /combined
never ran above^ $222. 500,000. '¦
CALL BUREAU,' 1406 G > STREET, t N.
W.', WASHINGTON, April 17.-Gold hold
ings in the Treasury/Department to-day
amounted to the ':¦ enormous ; sum of $500,
278,506, '.of . whi6h r $252,078,959 was held
a"galnst : certificates in the hands 1 , of the
outside public "a nd as a reserve
against' outstanding United States note's,
the balance being, free assets.. ; .'
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
Largest Amount Held by Any
Financial Institution ;
¦'¦'' --I in the- World. \
Enormous Sum ; in .the
l; Treasury of; United ;
; : "States. •
GOLD HOLDINGS
HALF A BILLION
;;•• Ward,was a member of , the Democratic
State ' Central \ Committee \ f rbm : the ¦ Elev
enth Congressional District/j.The sad fea
ture'of his'case is^that Mrs. Ward is dan
gerously, ill at > her - home, 'having • given
birth 1 tb^ a ichild but; a week ago. iliews of
her. husband's. disgrace' Is kept from her.
. The defunct bank was organized a num
ber of years ago] by William H. Dent, who
represented Plymouth County In the State
Legislature in 1S95. He left the State after
disposing of the institution. Ward coming
from Primghar, Iowa," to.be manager. The
bank was /capitalized ; for* $100,000, and' at
the date of Hhe, last statement, February
15,' showed $108,000 deposits. ¦
Other Lemars banks,. the First National,
German-American *" and ; German State,
learning last; night that the Lemars Na
tional | would ,\. not ; open to-day, , sent \ to
Sioux City. for. currency to withstand the
run to-day." The ', Sioux City . clearing
house responded pro*mptly,' offering ample
assistance. :'.. "' s :. *. - ¦ «
The writer "• -.explained : the funds from
which; he -had "been 'stealing to cover.hls
loisVs.>, ¦¦•.:¦ i ,i •- ¦'¦¦' . •¦ •' . .-" ¦ ;.>.' £
" t Cashier Koots,',in the absence of advice,
closed the doors, posting a notice that an
examiner would ; be placed In charge. The
officers of thebank are: -'President, V. G.
P. Maclagan.^who.is-; in, Scotland; vice
president. T. F. .Ward, absconder; cashier,
Frank i Koots, the" only,: officer in town;
directors,- J.; J. ; Tierney,' and John Linden,
both] in Hot Springs, Ark. • :
"Dear Frank: "I. leave to-night for God
Almighty, "knows where. The' Board of
Trade . business \ has. ruined i me. . Save . me
from- indictment if :you ' can.' - 1 win pay
back" every, cent I .can.".. t .
| ST. i PAUL, , Mlnni, "April • 17.— A Sioux
City special f to the .Dispatch - says : The
Lemars National Bank,- at Lemars, Iowa,
did not open this morning. Thomas F.
.Ward, vice president and manager of the
institution/ is. a self-confessed embezzler
to; the amount of from $25,000 to . $30,000.
He .has also absconded. ' Ward* departed
Monday night, and yesterday'', Cashier
Frank Koots received a letter from Ward
beginning:, .. . V-:' :: . \
a Friend Asking for
Clemency.
Fugitive j Writes a I Letter to
STEALS MONEY
AND DISAPPEARS
Iowa /Bank \ Official the
: Cause of Institution
Closing.
tsin: The report Is confirmed .that .; the
Chinese; have ' destroyed' a portion .• of ,' the
railway* beyond Paotlngfu. The Chinese
assert '. that t General; Mannas ;: resolved *to
recommence hostilities, .under, the impres
sion that the j alH€d* commanders ' are pre- :
paring , to send : .. an \; expedition ' against
•Siangfu from the south.' X v
j LONDON, April 18.— The Standard pub
lishes . the : following dispatch | from Tien-
MAY RENEW HOSTILITIES.
W., WASHINGTON. April 17.— The estab
lishment of the principle of the "open
door" ' In a formal treaty between the
powers and China will be earnestly
pressed by this Government when . nego
tiations In Peking In connection with the
treaty of revision- occurs.
• In -'anticipation of a settlement of, the
indemnity question Secretary Hay. has
sent a comprehensive instruction" to Spe
cial Commissioner Rockhill concerning the
attitude of the United States, in relation
to commercial 1 , concessions which this
Government believes China should grant
the civilized world. The United States
will notobject to.'an increase in customs
duties, but it will advocate the abolition
of the. likin. tax. , Believing that It is \o
the interest of China as well as '.to -the
world that the empire should be more
open . to foreign trade Special Commis
sioner Rockhill' will take measures for se
curing the " freedom of transit for foreign
vessels on Chinese rivers.'
In the whole course of his negotiations,
however, Rockhill . will be guided by the
policy of the President, to insist upon the
observance of the "open door", and preser
vation of the principle - in future, by Its'
Insertion in the treaty to be signed by
Chfna and the powers. Great Britain and
Japan . will support the proposals of the
United States, j and as the other powers
In notes delivered- to this Government two
years ago' agreed . to the' principle * It is
hoped ; that not much difficulty will be
encountered in obtaining general accept
ance. . .
jj Rockhill advised the State Department
to-day of the organization of a punitive
expedition consisting " of Germans and
French. - The destination of this expedi
tion Is a place called Hsuia, and its osten
sible purpose is to scatter the droops of
General Liu. It is the opinion of officials
that there , is • no need for any,; further
punitive operations. ' -., s ,.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
*. ¦ ¦ -- - - . •
-.Special Dispatch to The Call.
•Britain and Japan to Support
Uncle Sam in Treaty
Revision.
The United' States Seeks
Greater Dey elopment
of Trade.
CHINA'S DOOR
MUST BE OPEN
General Weston is satisfied
that V Colonel . .Woodruff " is ¦ thoroughly
Honest and is hot Involved: and this is also
the .view of Secretary Root and other, of
ficials. » When the" facts are available the
War. Department "- officials are : confident
that it will be shown that there have been
no extensive frauds, " but they ; assert that
whoever Is Implicated, no matter how high
In rank, he will be punished,
they were compelled to occupy j it.
Davis further , explained that Colonel
Woodruff and he had difficulty in finding
satisfactory quarters. They finally took
'thV Pitt: house/; but instead of the renfal
being low they thought it ' . rather high,
but as nothing, more suitable' could be had
1 "On one occasion," said Major Davis to
day,;" I received $1000 from Evans & Co.
for a large quantity, of butter which had
been condemned by a board of officers and
which } -was sold at auction, j Evans & Co.
were the highest blders. ,The receipt of
this money was duly credited on the com
missary, books." ; '._ ' •„¦ , ;¦_¦ ;
Major Davis, who "is in Washington on
sick leave, declare.d to-day, he had never
received ' any bribe nor was one ever of
fered. He was seized with an attack of
dengue fever while : in Manila and
assistant. Captain J.C. Read, was in ac
tual charge of the commissary depot, fre
quently; bringing him papers for his sig
nature. . ......
the meantime he. has been directed to sub
mit "a full "report I to _ the - department by
cable, j? - An; answer Is! expected to-morrow
and' it Is proposed, by. the department to
make ;it? public Immediately," so that the
country, as well as the administration may
know the truth, jr j- - i
'¦That "there have been frauds at: Manila
officials admit,' , but that frauds j have at
tained , such * magnitude as jj reports from
the V, Philippines indicate the " authorities
express -doubt. » _ An j indication , that the
commissary department . is not* Involved
was -shown by ' a : dispatch received by
Major. George : B. Davis t6-rday from Col
onel , Woodruff- chief commissary of the
Philippines. ; Major/ Davis ; received $1000
from Evans*& 'Co.," and it was Intimated
that it was in'the nature 'of a bribe. He
cabled Colonel g Woodruff ¦ immediately
after j ,'. the • .;"• publication _' of ¦ the ' re
port ~ ! asking /,: if he ''should re
turn to Manila; ; The ¦ reply received to
day from . Colonel Woodruff announced
that there was no necessity, for his return.
• CALL./. BUREAU. -,..1406 G STREET, N."
W., WASHINGTON^April 17.— A thorough
investigation of the Manila frauds will be
insisted ;¦ upon ; by. the : War Department.
There Is no intention on the part of Sec
retary Root or any . of / his assistants to
shield any officer implicated from the con
sequences, of illegal conduct. Major Gen
eral MacArthur has been Informed of the
desire- of the department that the alleged
frauds , shall . be probed > to the bottom. In
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ernment Requires Scan
__".._. '.. dais :Probed. \
Mac Arthur Told , the Gov-
War^Department to In
i : vestigate the Manila
Frauds.
OFFICERS WILL
NOT BE SPARED
PITTSBURG, April 'IS.— At 'I o'clock this
morning . a ,' dispatch from McKeesport
says: Up to • this hour nothing unusual
has developed, but before daylight there
may. be trouble. It Is said the company,
has' sufficient men to start the bar - mill,
and there are many strikers on the streets
discussing the situation. It is rumored
that some of the men will attempt to re
sume work at 7 o'clock, and If this is at
tempted the strikers . will certainly pre
vent them going Into the mill,' ' • »
The President and Mrs.' McKlnley have
accepted the invitation, of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott of San Francisco to oc
cupy the latter's home during ' their stay
in the Golden Gate City. One of the fea
tures of the launching of the ; battleship
Ohio will be the presentation of, a testi
monial to the President by the workmen
of the Union Iron Works, where the Ohio
is building. A short time. ago there was
some slight conflict between, the work
men and the company' and for* a 'brief
time it appeared to be possible that > a
strike, which would interfere with . the
launching of the ship, might occur, but
the trouble was adjusted ' satisfactorily,
and the workmen have entered so enthu
siastically Into the spirit of the 'great
celebration which is to attend the launch
ing that they have arranged to present Jo
the President a testimonial upon their
own behalf.
main away from the mill, but will not de
cide whether or not to join the Amalga
mated Association until to-morrow,. when
another meeting/will be held.'
Slight modifications of the Itinerary of
the President's .Western - trip have been
made. Sunday, June 2, was to have been
spent at Salt Lake City, but it Ms now
understood that, the day will be spent In
Colorado, possibly, at Glenwood Springs. •:
The Wisconsin will certainly not go to
the Asiatic station' until : after the San
Francisco ceremonies, and it is possible
she may not go at all. The General Pol-
Icy Beard-recently recommended ¦ that the
Wisconsin be sent to the Far East to take
the place of the Oregon, home,
but the opinion now j prevails among the
officials of the Navy. Department that the
vessel should be retained , under Admiral
Casey's command for the present at least.
In case of need It is pointed out. .that she
could be readily dispatched to Manila.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G. STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 17.— Naval hon
ors are to be accorded the President and*
his Cabinet when they, arrive, at San
Francisco, on their, transcontinental trip'.
Secretary Long has Instructed Rear Ad
miral Casey, commander In chief . of the
Pacific station, to assemble his vessels at
San Francisco early in May and to re
main there until further orders. The
ships that will- be reviewed by the Presi
dent and Secretary Long as well as other
members of the Cabinet will be the bat
tleships' Wisconsin and Iowa, the cruiser
Philadelphia , and the torpedo-boat Farra
gut.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Decides to Occupy
Scott Residence While
Here.
Naval Vessels Ordered
* " to Remain at This
Port.
WARSHIPS WILL
GIVE GREETING
yesterday met to-day and agreed to re-
ers are alert and ready to meet any new
move that may be made by the company,
nothing resembling disorder, has occurred.
The crucial test of the men's determina
tion to continue allegiance to the Amal
gamated Association "will come in the
morning: at 7 o'clock, at which time all
employes of the company have been noti
fied to report or consider themselves dis
charged. The 125 knoblers who struck
take time.
At McKeespqrt to-night, while the strik-
"It -was explained in the meeting that as
soon as the resolution was passed giving
Shaffer all power in the matter he would
address to the heatis of all the constituent
concerns of the United States Steel Cor
poration a letter advising them of the
authority vested in him and fixing a 'date
when all these men will be called to strike
in the event that the sheet steel company
has not been forced to settle. Such a
communication, in the event of the reso
lution passing, is also to go to' ex-Judge
E. H. Gary, chairman, and Charles M.
Schwab, president of the United States
£teel Corporation."
A canvass of all parties to the disputes
Indicates that the declaration of a strike
will not take p'.ace for several days. The.
effort at conciliation to.be made to-mor
row will be followed by others, that will
What Shaffer Kay Do.
Steel Company, and subsequently, as he
sees fit, all the men of the new Morgan
Company. This- is accounted for by the
absence of Vice Presidents John F. Ward
of ICiles, Ohio, and John Chappell of New
castle, Pa. The meeting adjourned until
to morrow morning, when these officials
will be present.
Much of the session to-day was taken
up in a conference with John Janett,
head of the bureau of the Sheet Steel
Company. Jarrett contended that the men
had violated their agreement of a year
ago. In which they agreed to remain at
•work under the conditions then existing,
the violation being in their joining issues
with the association. The Amalgamated
men were firm' in asserting that their
joining the association was not a viola
tion of the agreement. The original agree
ment will probably arrive to-morrow from
New York ar.d will be further discussed
by, the board and Jarrett.
The nature of this agreement consumed
in argument much of the time of the ses
sions, and on It hinges largely a remote
possibility of settlement without further
concession by* the sheet company or a
testing of strength of the new combina
tion of capital and President' Shaffer's as
sociation of the combined skilled men.
John Jarrett also asserted in the meeting
and out of it that the company had made
absolutely no effort to displace the men
on strike at McKeesport. While the com
pany Is anxious to run the mill, it is now
seriously working on the line of concilia
tion. He said:
talked to the advisory board for an hour,
advising conciliation and arbitration.
Later, it Is understood, Shaffer heard
from Colonel French at his home In re
lation to some action he had taken. When
the Amalgamated president was asked to
tell the nature of Colonel French's mes
sage he declared he had nothing to say
nor would he deny that he had received
such a message.
Possibility of a Settlement.
The session of the Amalgamated execu
tives to-day took no action on the presi
dent's proposed resolution giving him
power to call tmt the* men of the Sheet
Meanwhile There Is a Prospect of a
Clash if the Men Return to
"Work at JIcKessport.
¦
FITTSBURG, April 17.— The threatened
strike' of all the Amalgamated As
sociation employes in the organized
mills of the American Sheet Steel Com
pany and subsequently of all the organ
ized men of the association in the mills
of the United States Steel Corporation
trembles in the balance to-night. On the
one hand President T. J. Shaffer Is
backed up in his determination to call a
general strike by a majority of the mem
bers of the advisory board and the dis
trict presidents and trustees, who were in
cession all'tiay. On the other hand there
is a new movement toward conciliation
and arbitration, which may end the en
tire controversy in Pittsburg to-morrow
or may be carried to New York to be ad
justed by higher powers.
President T. J. Shaffer said to-night
that the outlook for settlement is, better
than at any time since the McKeesport
trouble started. He refused to explain this
statement.
Colonel G. Watson French, vice presi
dent of the Republic Iron and Steel Com
pany, visited Amalgamated headquarters
to-day in relation to matters pertaining
to some of his own mills. He became in
terested in the issue against the Sheet
Steel Company and volunteered to do all
in his power to avert a struggle. He
Their Battle.
Representatives of Billion-
Dollar Trust Seek a
Settlement.
Amalgamated Workers
May Soon Begin
BIG STRIKE
TREMBLES IN
THE BALANCE
At the afternoon session it was decided
that the rate from Chicago to San Fran
cisco and return for the episcopal con
vention, which Is to be held in San Fran
cisco, shall be $30 for a first-class ticket.
The rate from the Missouri River will be
$45 and from St. Louis and New Orleans
$47 50. Tickets for this convention will bo
on sale east of Colorado from September
23 to 27. In Colorado and points west they
may be purchased from September 21
to 27. * " :"¦(¦•¦*_
The Knights of Pythias gathering, to
take place In San Francisco in 1902, wa»
considered, but nothing definite was de
cided, and the rate will be fixed at tho
next quarterly meeting.
It was decided, as art inducement to get
"Western people to vi3lt the Pan-American
Exposition In Buffalo fci June. July and
September of this year, to make the fol
lowing rate: $60 for a first-class ticket to
the Missouri River and return.
To-morrow the following transportation
questions will come up and probably rates
will be made: Th« Grand Army encamo
ment at Cleveland , m Ohio, in September of
this year; the National Irrigation • Con
gress at Colorado Springs in July; tha
Trans-Mississippi Congress at Cripple
Creek in July; the Travelers* Protective
Association In Portland, Ore., next year.
Concessions to the Clergy.
The clergy, special rate was brought up
to-day." AT committee was appointed to
learn what concessions other railway or
ganizations concede to clergymen. It will
report at the next meeting.
Children will be allowed half fare prtvt-'
leges in.traveling to the Epworth League
convention In ! San Francisco; * that Is,
they will ; be charged only half of the re
duced fare. -
There Is a great deal of discussion
among the railroad mea as to the number
of members of the Epwcrth League that
will attend the convention. Some claim
that there will not be more than 6000 tick
ets sold; others say that up to a month
before the Christian Er.deavorers' conven
tion in San Francisco there were no Indi
cations that more than 13,000 would ba
present, yet 29,000 tickets were sold. Some
of the railroad men claim that the Ep
worth convention will be Just as largely
attended.
The association nis to many matter*
still on the docket that it is more than'
possible that the - meeting will not end
until late Friday night.
Episcopal Convention Bate.
the interim correspondence will be opened
and It Is expected tha problem will bo
easily adjusted.
DEL, MONTE. April 17.— The members
of the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation went to work with a will this
morning. The meeting was called to or
der by Chairman Charlton shortly after
9 o'clock and with the exception of an,
hour for luncheon the members remained
in session until 6 o'clock this evening."
The first business brought up was the
report of the committee on new member
ship. It announced that the Burlington,
the Cedar Rapids and Northern, the Bur
lington and Northwestern and the Keokuk
and "Western railways were anxious tr>
join the association. These lines were
taken in and they will send delegates to
the next quarterly meeting. The commit
tee reported that there were several other
roads that were anxious to Join and that
the organization would shortly be materi
ally strengthened.
Much discussion followed regarding the
expenses of the association. Chairman
Charlton Introduced a table of figures
which assessed the roads pro rata. Thid
was not taken kindly 1o by some of tha
members and it was '.aid over until tba
next meeting of- the association. During
ScecJal rHspatch to The Call.
Fifty-Dollar. Fare for the
Round Trip From
Chicago.
Concession Is Made in Favor
of Children With the Ep
worth Leaguers.
Visitors to Buffalo Exposition to Be
Assessed, §6O to th.e Missouri
and Back.
EPISCOPALIAN
TOURISTS ARE
WELL TREATED
PASSENGER ASSOCIATION FIXING
RATES TO COAST CONVENTIONS
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 139.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRII^ 18, 1903 .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE TRANSCONTINENTAL
• PASSENGER ASSOCIATION IN |
EXECUTIVE SESSION. ¦
The San Francisco CallPOPULAR PRINCIPALS IN A
PRETTY WEDDING SOLEMNIZED
IN THE CAPITAL. CITY.
'<•/*•. To' Cviie} a ; Colid^ ln^ One Day^> s
Take Laxative Bromo-Quirilne Tablets. 23a. •
;.; ; :.: If ; You Say&JJyspepsia
Send nomoney.but writ* Dr.iinoop.Racine.Wli.,
boxUT.for Six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restbrativa;
express paid.' U cured.pay J5.50 — if not.it is f rea*
LOS ANGELES, April 17.-Justice James
this morning dismissed the case against
Dr. T. K. Toles, charged by Miss Edna
Reynolds with having criminally assaulted
her ; while she 5 was under the influence
of a narcotic In his office. - .
Dr. Toles Goes Free.
The disorderly scenes and -hustling. re-'
cur red outside the churchy and finally. Mr. :
Kensit was ; escorted home, by a sdore. of
policemen and fallowed by a howling mob.'
Mr. Kensit in the course of his remarks
accused Dr. Ingraham of : being "unfaithful
to all of his- promises^ When he ; was con
secrated Bishop- ;of Stepney; adding that
he • helped- ; lawbreakers - and . had ;: encour
aged clergymen- who," in "defiance : of | the
Rubrics, elevated the host, offered masses
and . practiced • ;the. ¦ confession,?:etc. . He
concluded with saying that he '.» was ¦ pre
pared to appear in the ¦ courts and prove
that Dr. Ingraham was an unfit 'person, to
hold th£ position, of. a Bishop .of , the Pro
testant church owing to his encourage
ment of illegal practices. -\. • ' x - .
• The friends-rand opponents of. Mr. Ken
sit : became - so . uproarious . that - the Vicar
General tried to clear the church."..Dr.*In
graham appealed to ! his friends 'to r listen
quietly. Eventually ;Vlcar General
overruled . the objections . and ; the election
of Dr. Ingraham .was ' confirmed.: : --: 'V. • • ;>
LONDON, April 17.— The scene in the
Bow-street church to-day during the con
secration of tho Rt.. Kev. A: F:;W. Irigra
ham as Bishop -of "; London ¦¦- resembled a
political meeting rather than I a religious
service. . John Kehsit; the anti-ritualist,
entered an expected' protest '" against the
appointment. He spoke . for some t time In
a loud: voice, and his 'remarks" caused an
extraordinary uproar and^ he was greeted
with cheers, hisses and shoiiti of '.'order,"
"shame'," "no popery, "."etc: " " ' ",' ' *
Extraordinary Scenes in
an Edifice iii
xjoiiqoii.
CHURCH RITES
CAUSE TUMULT
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 17.— Thirty year?
ago the stage plying between the \ Vulture
mine, near Wickenbunc,°ahd the South
ern Pacific station at Marlcopa, was held
up In the mountains south of Phoenix
and robbed of mall £.nd consiirnments of
gold" bullions Four masked men made
away with booty; valued at $15,000, besides
the mail matter. Officers soon on the trail
followed it Into Phoenix, where, all trace
of the robbers was lOBt. Detectives were
at work here for weeks, but found no clew
to the highwaymen, and the search finally
waa abandoned. : ; '¦'¦- ¦¦¦¦,.
Six. weeks ago . Elbert Hendrickson, a
cowboy on the Cook range near'Prescoit,
died after a long Illness. Before his death
he told three of his companions the EScret
of the Vulture stage hold-up and the loca
tion of the booty. The bullion, said he,
was In two barB. He and his companions,
after reaching Phoenix, burled one bar in
the yard around a house at Adams street
and Second avenue,' occupied ; by one
Evans,. the leader of the party^ The other
bar was hidden beneath -.the floor of' tne
saloon conducted by Evans. I Two months
after the, robberv the laUer bar, was cut.
up and divided between the four men and
it was decjded to leave the buried^bar in
its place one year. Six months later two
of the men were killed . by Apaches in a
Tonto Basin raid." Soon afterward Evans
; met- death. by the ; thru3t of a knife in the*
hands of a renegade Mexican. . Hendrick
son was the sole heir :o the buried treas
ure. • Fear of detection -and : capture,
should he attenwt to remove the hidden
gold, kept him from digging -' for it' In
the meantime Phoenix arrew from a small,
pueblo to a modern town: All around the
adobe house at Adams street and Seconi
avenue business buildinars . and residences
arose, e- but'- nothing . disturbed the soil
.which held. the yellow. bar. ',; 4
I Last Wednesday, night three strange
men knocked at the door of the adobe and
obtained permission of the owner, io aig
in his yard. ¦ An hour later . they departed;
and took. with them' a email oblong paok
age. « s :*-.''.' - '¦ ¦ .-¦•
"The mysterious affair found Its way Into
-the • newspapers . and • caused ' considerable!
excitement, >> but -the mvstery ¦ was- not 1
cleared until yesterday, when old WillUm
Odam, an assayer here, tpld.of the bring*
ingof a,bar ; of gold ¦ to .'his -home on
Wednesday •night. Thiee ;men accom
panied it and gave him $10« to divide it be
tween, them and, to hold his tongue; for a
week.' The "bar :was stamped "Vulture
Gold . Mine, -"Wickenburg, ; Ariz., 1870.". : No
attempt has been made or is llkelv to be
made ¦ to- recover the bullion," as ¦ the old
-Vulture Company has long-; been dissolved
'and the: mine Jay f idle -for .years until a
new company -began the work of reopen
ing it recently. . . ¦
Special Dispatch to The "Call.
"WASHINGTON, ..April -' 17.^-The ; ' Union
Iron t;. Works -<if ' San, Franciscoj: through
President .Scott,' to-day signed: a contract
with > the ' Navy -Department '< for. the . con
struction [ of the protected cruiser Milwau
kee." • Shells to 'have -twenty-two knots*
speed; to: be finlshedvln' three years and
to cost, t2.S25,000..- ..,-.-:.>,- c- 'if f , - . •,- ...
Signs Contract for a Cruiser.
Seeking. a Lost Oil Man,
% EL % PASO, Tex., j April .17.— There has
been a great deal of; activity in police cir
cles here .to-day . over \ the mysterious dis
appearance ¦ from ¦ a train of - C. S. Young,
a. wealthy oil well owner of Bakersfleld.
Cal. It is believed that he jumped; or fell
from the moving train. , It is almost cer
tain that he was not killed by.- the train;
as the body was not found -after diligent
search. .,5--. ¦ ... ~» •.- -- • . - ; .i i;' ••.
SEATTLE, April 17.— A copy of the
Nome News Letter of January 19 was re
ceived here to-day. The weather at Nome
was mild at that date, with prospectors
en route to- the' hills. James McTavlsh
and F. L. Fox had just arrived at Nome
at the head of a large party from the
Arctic circle, crossing the divide from the
frozen tundra of the Good Hope and
Kougrock riverfl. .With them "were A.
Donnelly, P. F. Maloney, J. W. Barry and
G A. Carpenter from Good Hope and its
tributaries, and R. F, Van 'Atter from a
new river which empties into the Arctic.
.The Good -Hope River, fully 150 miles
lone, has few tributaries, but those few,
according to Rood authority, are full of
the precious v metal. - Those prospected
upon by the - party last fall were the
Placer and its tributaries, the Ruby and
Mint, Jamieson and , Esperanza, which
flow into the Good Hope River, above the
mouth of Placer River, five and twelve
miles, respectively. '- ; % -.-' „ „'
. The McTavish and Fox party descended
the Good Hope River and explored and
located on , the Little Daisy, which flows
into 'the Good Hope three miles below the
Placer River. They also prospected on
Humboldt River, twentv -five, miles ' far
ther north, and staked out claims on, the
Eureka, Ballarat, Ferndale and - Blanch
ard; All these creeks have a gold-bearing
wash sprinkled with and bedrock
gravel. The hills are a series of sugar
Ioave3, beautifully rounded by -water.ac
tion, reminding one of the Klondike. ;-.
It is said that information has been re
ceived at Fort Davis that a scarcity of
food and clothing exists among; the na
tives of Kougrock and Kotzebue Sound. A
relief i expedition \ will be dispatched ¦ soon
to • those sections, taking food, clothing
and medicines for the Eskimos there. ,
Party Reaches Nome From the Scene
of Discoveries "Within the 'PJ-i.;
"Arctic Circle.
GOLD IS, POUND ALONG
-;¦'*¦ GOOD HOPIJ TRIBUTARIES
Judge Lewis, as president of the Buck
eye Society, did not take much interest
in the carnival; in fact, members of the
society declare he refused to have any
thing to do with.it because the leaders
of the carnival differed from him in poll
tics, and he took no steps to have the
society represented in the rose fete, i The
Ohioans of the city refused to be In the
background and at. once called a meet-
Ing, at which it was decided to have a
float in the parade, representing- the bat
tleship Ohio. ,,
Several -days ago a score of the Ohio
ans decided to organize a new society
This was immediately done and some 300
members Joined. F. C. Ensign waa elected
president, .W. C. Andrews vice 'president
and S. K. Boyd secretary, and the follow
ing executive committee was named- j
S. McGinnis, chairman; J. A. Kid ward «?*
L. Close. J. K. Boyd. F. C. Ensign E
Coppock, J. D. Miner, S. F. Leib T'El
lard Beans, San Jose; Dr. C. N. Cooper of
Campberl, Marshall Black of Palo Alto
Thomas Rea of Gilroy, Dr. J. W Walk«.^
of Los Gatoa and Dr. J. A. Crane of Air
news. . --• ¦*•¦'- ¦¦¦¦ ¦ - K ..-¦
SAN JOSE, April 19.— There has been a
split in the tanks of the Ohioans of San
Jose, growing out of the carnival to be
tendered President McKlnley," and the se
ceders have organized a new society. This
new organization has been ! named the
Ohio Society, and the old Buckeye Society,
after an. existence of a number of years,
has lost all but a few members. Judge
Lewis and a few others are the only ones
left In lt.v 7 :<;X r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Buckeye Society at San
Jose Loses Many
Meinbers. •
OHIOANS GET
INTO WRANGLE
- Mr. Colgan and "his associates will - re
main in Los Angeles for several days and
will then ' take in . the various southern
counties, returning north via , the • South
ern Pacific Coast. line. ' ' -¦¦.,-•.<*
Mr. Colgan Is at present ', in this city,
having reached here, to-day with Alex
ander Brown of Calaveras arid ; T. • O. ¦
Toland-of Ventura, the' latter two being;
members of. the State Board of Equaliza
tion, to which commission State , Con
troller Colgan is attached as an ex of
ficio member. The gentlemen are making
their annual tour of the - several counties
of the State, interviewing- County-Asses
sors with the idea ¦ of obtaining • data., to
be used in the preparation of the new
assessment for the purposes of State tax
ation. When the • State ' Controller' was
asked to-day -If he : was a candidate . for
the • Governorship, he replied ¦ that : he was
an aspirant for no. public office, although.
Intimating that such an honor would be
appreciated if -the place were tendered to 1
him next year. - . . .-. • . . ;
, .. v -,_, : .. - .. i:r
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— E; I\ Colgan
of Sonoma:, the ' State . Controller," is
making^a - swing around .the, circle" to
learn, if possible, the feeling of Republi
can voters upon the gubernatorial . nom
ination to be awarded next year. . Mr.
Cplgan makes no. secret of the fact. that
he 'would' like to be the party's standard
bearer, although he will not announce his
candidacy unless he should find a feeling
in his favor general with the rank, and'
file of the party.-. •'.
Stands. ; .•
to Learn How He,^
Sounding Party Leaders
COLGAN WOULD
SUCCEED GAGE
"I heard the shots last night and a few
moments before I heard the dog bark and
some 6ne stumbled along back, of our •lot,"
said Mrs. McCue. "My husband looked
out, but in the darkness he could see noth
ing." ,- f ;• ; „- ¦ - .
• When seen to-night in Sausalito Wilson,
¦who was In custody, said: I -was out
bunting. last night. I fired a number of
shots, but did not shoot at any one.".
When more closely questioned he. said
that he did hot remember exactly what
he did last night; th<tt he had been drink
ing heavily for some time past. In refer
ence to his trouble with McCue he said:
"I have been terribly persecuted by that
man. I bought my home and ever since
have had trouble with McCue over the
road I should travel to reach it. I did
not wish. to kill McCue— it would be a
Mrs. Scouler's Account* "
"About 6 o'clock last nighty I went out
into the .yard," said Mrs. Scouler tCT-day:
"returning in a moment, I'.stepped 'upon
the porch and started to open the kitchen
door, when a shot was fired from the knoil
back of the house. The bullet tore
through the. house and I heard the plas
tering and broken glass falling: and 1
rushed inside. Other, shots were nred, but
ip the excitement I did not count them.
"Mr. Scouler and I took the children and
ran over to James Stevens', where ;,we
spent the .night. . .1 cannot imagine why*
any one should harm us, and Mr. Wilson
has always been a friend of ours/' -
eral inches of cloth were carried into the
shattered wood; The curiosity was to-day
viewed by a large number of people.
The trouble between Wilson and McCue
rs of long standing and has many times
been ventilated in the courts. Some years
ago Wilson, who is a^ well-known archi
tect, with offices on Sansome street, San
Francisco, bought '.a tract of land from
McCue and built a home thereon.- In
course of time tie and McCue got into a
dispute over the right of way. to be used
by Wilson in reaching his home, i McCue
barred the upper road with a fence arid
insisted that Wilson use the lower road.
This -Wilson refused to do, and as often
as McCue would erect the fence Wilson
would tear i^ down, and each time McCue
would have him 'arrested for malicious
mischief. The last arrest was made on
complaint of . McCue about a wek ago.
Judge Bellrude of Sausalltoi who issued
the .warrant, allowed Wilson to go on his
own . recognizance until • to-day, . -when i he
.was taken into custody and "his bonds
fixed at $500. Both McCue and "Benjamin
Scouler said to-night that Wilson would
be prosecuted, as the shooting was a de
liberate attempt at murder. -.-¦
Charles R. AVllson is • highly spoken of
by nearly all who Know him. As an arch
itect and builder he has been "very suc
cessful. Drink for some time past has
been his besetting- sin, and to its influence
is attributed his murderous actions last
night. : ¦
The Wilson McCue Feud.
waste, of, time, as he Is not worth it. I
am concerned about my wife and six lit
tle children, • who are - home waiting .for
me. I expect .friends here to-night to se
cure my release." '.
BCENfc 6f THE CORTE MADERA SHOOTING AND THE PRINCIPALS
WHO FIGURED IN CHARLES R. WILSON'S SENSATIONAL ATTEMPT
TO DO WHOLESALE MURDER. ¦ „ . . , : .. . - ' V
Unearth Buried Gold in
Phoenix Business
Center. ;
DELIVERS FIND
BANDIT CACHE
>=» ACRAMENTO; ¦ April, .17.—Sacra
(L^ >merito ¦ ..County's, popular Auditor
v^y and ; Recorder, \ Richard T. Cohn,
'.was "united ni "marriage j to-day to
V-. .. .Miss Lydia A: McMullen, daughter
otMr! and Mrs: (Gf e6rge "C: McMulleh' and
president of La Bahdora Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden r ' West, of this
city." The ceremony took place this after
noon at the residence of the bride's par
ents, 1318 Tenth street/and was performed
by. Right- Rev. Bishop Grace. : : Miss Win
ifred E. McMulleri, a sister 1 of thebride,
acted .as bridesmaid and W. H. Cohn, a
brother of the groom, as groomsman.
•The -party entered the .beautifully dec
orated apartments to the , orchestral
strains of! the "Lohengrin" ¦' wedding
The theory of the officers Is that "Wil
son, who has been drinking heavily r went
home last night in an ugly mood, and,
after, brooding over his trouble "with his
neighbor, decided to murder the entire
McCue family. With this object in view
he took his rifle and made his way to the
knoll back of the McCue home. Here, it
Is believed, he lost his bearings in the
gum tree grove and fired Into Scouler's
house instead of McCue's. After the
shooting he went home and then returned,
walking up the road in front of the
Scouler home. He was here met by sev
eral excited residents.' who asked him if
had heard the shooting:. To this he re
plied: "Yes, 1 guess it was Jim McCue."
and then continued on his way.
The three bullets did remarkable execu
tion In the Scouler dwelling. • ¦> Pictures
were wrecked and two lath and plaster
partitions penetrated. One bullet, after
tearing along the wall, went through a
closet door and: ripped along the top of a
closet shelf. An old bathing- suit was
struck and carried by the ball to a large
rattan cane t which was splintered. Sev-
Whisky Pulls ths Trigger.
SAN RAFAEL.. April 17.— Corte
Madera was the scene of • a
dastardly attempt at murder last
evening, when Charles R. Wilson.
•..i. .' -a San Francisco architect, fired
three rifle bullets Into the residence of Ben
jamin Scouler. j One passed about eight
Inches- above Mrs. Scouler's head as she
was crossing the porch to enter-.the house,
j The other two tore throughthe side of
the building, wrecking the walls and bor
ing holes through plastering, doors and
partitions. k . •
Four people were in the house at the
time. That no one was killed was un
doubtedly due to the kindly interference
of Providence. Wilson Is in Jail to-night
at Eausalito, where he was taken, by Con
stable Creed. No motive for the. assault
upon the Scoulers was known to exist,
and it was not until this afternoon that
the officers satisfied themselves that Wil
son, in the darkness shot into the wrong
house, his intention being to kill J. B. Mc-
Cue. with whom he has long been at
enmity. The McCue apd Scpuler.' homes
are near together.
SAN RAFAEL,; April 17.— At the Ross
Valley home of Mrs. J. B. F. Davis this
afternoon Miss Estella Davis became the
bride of J. Fife Jr.. of Stockton, the Rev.
B. Churcli offlciatinff. Miss Davis is a
blonde of great beauty. She was attended
by Mfss Fife of Stockton. Burt Davis was
best man. 1 After an elaborate supper tho
couple left on a- honeymoon trip.
Davis to the Altar.
Stockton Man Leads Miss F-stelln
march. The bridal couple stood under a
floral bell, which, at the conclusion of
the ceremony, opened, showering a wealth
of rose petals upon tne bride and groom.
The orchestra at this interesting moment
struck up the tuneful melody, 'tl'd Leave
My Happy Home for You." A bounteous
repast followed, at which the health and
happiness of the couple were generously
toasted. ¦ . " • v '¦ ••>•;. ;
Mr. and Mrs. Cohn left for the south to
spend their honeymoon., J- * { » - -
WEDS A ROSS VALUIY BELLE.
Last of a Noted Counterfeiter.
NEW YORK. April 17.— John Albert
Skoog, ! alias Albert Donlln, the aileged
counterfeiter, who shot himself . twice in
the head on April 9. died to-day.
Charles R. Wilson, a San Francisco Architect, Mistakes Home
of Benjamin Scouler for That of an Enemy and With
Murderous Intent He Pours in a Volley of Bullets
DRINK-CRAZE D MAN THRICE FIRES l
INTO A CDRTE MADERA RESIDENCE
Two Women Passengers Are
Hurled Into the "Water
0 and Drowned.
VANCOUVER, B..C. April 17,— By tho
explosion of the boiler on the river steam
er Ramona this afternoon four persona
were killed and six others seri
ously Injured. The dead Include two wom
en, who were passengers on the steamer,
and two deck fcands. Of the Injured the
purser and the mate probably will die.
The deadr i.
MRS. H. MORRISON of Fort Langley.
B. C.
MRS. BAII^IE of Mont Lehman. B. C.
JOHN MACK; "deck hand.
HENRY PHIPPS, deck hand.
The Injured: Richard powers, purser.
probably fatally burned; James Maynard,
mate, probably fatally burned; George
Knowell. fireman, badly burned; three
Indians, seriously burned.
The boiler explosion occurred m mid
stream while the steamer was en route
from New Westminster to Fort Langley,
the latter being a farming settlement
about twenty-five miles from this city. By
the force of the explosion Mrs. Morrison
and Mrs. Baillie, who were returning
home after a day's shopping in New
Westminster, were blown into the' river
and were drowned"" before aid reached
them. The bodies of both women have
been recovered and are comparatively free
from bruises or burns, indicating that
death was due to drowning. .The bodies
of the two deck hands. Phlpps and Mack,
have not been found-
Purser Powers was badly scalded by es
caping steam, and Mate Maynard was
shockingly burned. They were taken to
New Westminster and are now In the City
Hospital, but are not expected to survive.
The injuries of Fireman Knowell are not
so severe and he is expected to recover, as
are the Indians. >
The Ramona is a sternwheei river steam
er of 300 tons. She Is ten years old, but
her boiler was comparatively new, hav
ing been put in last summer. On her fatal
trip to-day she had only five passengers,
the two women who were drowned and the
three Indians who were burned. The
steamer is valued at about $25,000. . ,
Four Persons Perish and
; Six Are Seriously
Injured.
BOILER BURSTS
ON A STEAMER
Pretty Effect at the. Ceremony in' the Capital City
Uniting in Marriage Auditor and Recorder
Richard T. Cohn and Miss Lydia A. McMullen
SHOWER OF ROSE PETALS FALLS
UPON THE BRIDE AND GROOM
; MARIPOSA. April 17.— Litigation affect
ing three- counties and several corpora
tions and involving millions of,dollars be
gan in 'the Superior. Court here this .morn
ing, when the case of John R. • Hite vs.
the Modem Cana! and Irrigation Coih
pany, with the Sugar Pine Company as ! In-"
tervenor, was called for trial. There is a
rhagniflcent array of legal talent on either
side of; the;ebntroversv.'. John R. Hlte is
¦the aged who lately figured in
sensational litigation ;; brought; by. ! Lucy
Hite,' e.n- Indian woman, -'to obtain. a por
tion of his prbperty^on the ground that
she was .his ] legal; wi/e! This suit was
eventually,, compromised/ the Indian -wo
man emerging from the legal conflict with
a goodly portion of the "defendant's gold.
In the case called to-day the title to"water
rights .that ,-were^ the main factors in the*
accumulation : of Hite's ' millions ( 'i3 -In-;
volved. ••"..¦%.'• ¦';"• '-•-- ¦¦'-. .¦'•.'.. .-. •. ¦• ¦•'.'.':••
The object" of \ the suit is to settle the^
ownership of the : water, of Bigr,Creek.~a
tributary of the soutli fork of s the Merced
River; of- which; it- is 'claimed; the Ma
dera Canal and Irrigation Company ard
the« Sugar Pine Company have, until .the
flHng- of the ; action, beer. : .in;,undlspute<-l
'toaaession for upward -of twenty-nvo
years.-:-;, j.;- •'>«¦•". y '¦"'¦'¦' ;.'• '•\'i-'/-'i).'.y; ¦'&?£':
- The,interests of .*hr.2e counties are'in
volved—Madera, v Marlpuaa and ¦ Merced.
Madera -County, should the" case : go
againstvthe Madera. Canal and Irrigation
Company, . will- sustain a loss that- -.-will
well high blot If off the map of the. coun
ties of this State, as : 5ands that are now
being farmed and made profitable by irn
g-atlon and furnishing labor to hundreds of
people will become comparatively worth
less and will have to be abandoned except
for sheep or cattle pastures. The Sugar.
Pine Company, too, should the law_ de
prive it of the use of the water to.trans
port its lumber from the mills in : the.
mountains to the railroad at Madera. -will
sustain a loss not easilv estimated, as its
thirty-five or .'forty miles of fluim and its
sawmills and planing-nnlls at Madera will
become virtually .worthless without the;
use of the water to operate them. Thus it
will be seen r.hat -MVleia and . Madera
County will be sorelv. affected- if the Ma
dera Canal and Irrigation Company and
the- Sugar .Pine Company are beaten in
this suit;:-.*. ¦..;- ¦¦¦/. ; ... ¦¦-, ->-¦: • ¦ • . ¦ ?
•Mariposa'County, with Hs developed and
undeveloped' mining properties, is affected
to a vast i extent. To iQperate these mines
the one essential' above all others is pow
er. Steam or water must be utilized. If
the former is used it .will onlv- be a few
years^ at' most before tho supply, of fuel
will be. exhausted and Hie result will be,
so far' as- Mariposa County Is concerned,
the abandonment of her mining industry,
while with ampMe water power. electricity
will be introduced, which will- n.ot only
cheapen the development and operatioh of
mines but will stimulate the mining Indus
try of the- county and be an inducement
for capital to^rrvest here.
The Hites ,Cove Mining Company, the
present owners of the Hites Cove property,
are deeply ¦ interested hi the outcome of
the suit, as the company depends upon the
waters of the south f oik of the Merc'ea
River to operate its machinery and in de
veloping the mine. The lose of this water
right would result in. tiie -abandonment of
the mine. .Without wa'er cower the ma
chinery of .the'mlll and mine could not be
operated, as 'fuel for, steam cannot be
.had at the cove expijnt^ 8-*- a cost= thKt
would make the'.op^riatirigjoflthis.property.
profitless. ; ;V- • ;,-Lf->^ ; -. -'- v.V-.''-"
• The Mariposa Mining., and Commercial
Company, operating th&^mother .lode 'on
the Mariposa- grant, is t contemplating the
construction of an electric, plant to oper
ate its machinery and-develbp- its mines.
These mines are now valuable and paying
properties and the ¦ employment of elec
tricity is indispensable, as wood for fu^l
is becoming scarce; hepce the -necessity
in the near future of an immense electric
plant. While the Marinosa/ Mining and
Commercial Comsany has no direct intar
est In the suit, indirectly it would be to its
advantage thaUHite «nould, win. as. tho
loss of the water of Big Creek would seri
ously affect the company's future plans. ;
Merced County is much interested in the
outcome of the litigation, for Merced
County needs the water of Merced 1 Rive*
to irrigate her lands. It is hinted; and
with some proba-bility of truth, that the
Crocker-Huffman Company, which built
and own 'the Crocker-Huffman canal and
Yosemlte Lake, are behind Hite In this
suit. Be that as it mav. there is nothing
to show that such is. the case. It is but
natural, however, to suppose that the
Crocker-Huffman Company should feel h
deep interest in the suit and the ultimate
success of Hlte. The more .water ..thru
flows into their canal the more valuable,
as a consequence, becomes the company's
property, and. what would bo Madera's
loss, should the suit go against the Ma •
dera Canal an«J Irrigation Company, will
be Merced's gain. : .
...' Special . Dlapatgh _ to .The Call.. .
»
John R. Hite's Fight for Pos
session of Big lOreek ¦
. \ . \ Commences. \
Involves Millions of Dol
lars and Vast Water
Rights.
SUIT AFFECTING
THREE COUNTIES
-.¦-..¦'.-''..¦¦,•• - ¦ . • . -¦-¦ ¦¦;¦¦'. r- .¦¦ ¦¦> ¦¦ • . (H . ' MM pwr»«-- •' ¦¦ .••¦¦• - •¦"-.• ' - -. "- ; ' ¦¦'¦¦•
THE SAX FRANCISCO r(3ALL, THURSDAY,^ APRIL. : 18, : 1901.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. HALL'S BEWYIOORATDK SraiSJ
Five hundred reward for any tkv£*vrvi
case we cannot cure. This secret S&3 SMS*
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, ! ml
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- msa BgB
coccle. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits ff*J frtfl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Wjjl lisU]
wasting effects of self-abuse or uftf? vlx!
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle;. 3 Q2LaE2E»"i
bottles. $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 833
Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also for sale «t 1073^
Market st. S. F. All private disease* Quickly
cured. Send for free book.
Wh at a luxury Pears'
,\soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
i All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
, sell It, especially drnfg&s, - , ,
,% -
997. MARKET STREET, Coy. Sixth.
> f^Ny Strictly Reliable.
I Dir.Talcott
\jd, & co.
"W^pT Diseases and
st Weakness of
fTO^MEN ONLY
By far the greater. number of patients Beck-
ing relief for so-called weakness are strong
robust men in every other respect. Our theory
that Impotency, Pramaturenesa. etc.. are not
-weaknesses but the symptoms of inflammatory
processes in the Prostate Gland (so called neck
of bladder) caused by contracted disorders and
early dissipation, is now being adopted by the
leading specialists of the world, and that bug-
bear, "Weakness of Meo,"i la removed from the
list of incurable disorders. Even the layman
can understand. that tonics cannot cure inflam-
mation, and these cases, under their adminis-
tration, go from bad to worse. "Under our
local plan of treatment, - directed toward re-
ducing the enlarged and swollen Prostate, Im-
mediate results, as Indicated by Increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are observed.
Our colored chart of the organs, which we
send free on application, is interesting to any
one wishing to study the anatomy .of, the male.
A new internal preparation which has
been on the market only a Bhort time has
met with remarkable success as a genu-
ine, radical cure for catarrh. -
It may be found in any drugstore, sold
under the name of Stuart's. Catarrh Tab-
lets, large, ple&sant tasting lozenges, com-
posed principally of antiseptic ingredients.
Eucalyptol. Guaiacol, Eanguinaria, Hy-
drastin and similar catarrh specifics. v
Dr. Ainslee In speaking- of the new ca-
tarrh cure says: "I have tried the new ca-
tarrh remedy. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
upon thirty or forty, patients with re-
markably satisfactory results.' They dear
the head and throat more effectually and
lastingly than any douche or inhaler that
I have ever seen, and although they are
what is called a patent medicine and sold
by druggists. I do not hesitate to recom-
mend them, as I know them to be free
from cocaine and opiates, and that even a
little child may use them with entire
.safety." , . .„-•¦¦
Any sufferer from nasal catarrh., throat
or bronchial trouble, catarrh of the stom-
ach, liver or bladder, will find Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets remarkably, effective,
pleasant and convenient, and your drug-
gist will tell you they are absolutely free
from any injurious drug.
It has been known for some years that
the radical cure of catarrh- could never
come from local applications, but from an
internal- remedy, acting on the blood and
expelling the^ catarrhal poison from the
system.
A large and constantly Increasing ma-
jority of the American people arecatarrh
sufferers. This is not entirely the result
of our changeable climate, but because
modern Investigation has clearly proven
that many diseases, known by other
names, are really catarrh. Formerly the
name catarrh was applied almost exclu-
sively to the common nasal catarrh, but
the throat, stomach, liver, bladder, kid-
neys and Intestines are .subject to ca-
tarrhal diseases as well as the nasal pas-
ea Res.
In fact, -wherever there Is mucous mem-
brane there is a feeding- ground for ca-
tarrh. • • . .
The usual remedies, inhalers, sprays,
douches or powders, have been practically
failures, as far as anything more than
temporary relief was concerned, because
they simply dry up the .mucous, secretions,
without hevins tfc» remotest effect upon
the blood and liver, which are the real
sources of catarrhal diseases.
Of a New Catarrh Cure.
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
WOMEN MUST SL^ER.
Avoid.' Nervous Prostration.
¦ If you are darigeronsly sick what Is
the first duty of your physician ? He
quiets the nervous system, he deadens
the pain, and you sleep well.
Friends ask, "what is the cause ? n
and the answer comes in pitying
tones, nervous prostration. It came
upon you so quietly in the beginning,
that you were not alarmed, and when
sleep deserted you night after night
until your eyes fairly burned in tho
darkness, then you tossed in nervous
' agony praying for sleep, ar^ ,
Maa. A. JLa&tlby.'
You ought to have known that '
when you ceased to be regular in your
courses, and you grew irritable with-
out' cause, that there was . serious
.trouble somewhere. ..- ,
You ought to know that indigestion,
exhaustion, womb displacements,
fainting, dizziness, . headache, and
backache send the nerves wild. with
affright, and yon cannot sleep.. ' '^'
Mrs. Hartley, of 221 W. Congress St.,
Chicago, 111., whose portrait we pub-
lish, suffered all these agonies, and
was entirely cured by Lydia E. Pink*
ham's Vegetable Compound ; her case
should be a warning to others, and
her cure carry conviction to the minds
of every suffering woman of the un-
failing efficiency of Lydia E. Pinkham'i
Vegetable Comrjoundl
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
$io ,-gfe rupture: cured
\vt >jjg^^^itt <Vs. for TEM DOLLARS.
Thousands hare been crrred
<^SS8£Steifiaci2S^- at their own lomM for mi*
.^^^mfls^^^/ ventionof the Age. .seenr-
r^^S>^ lty »nd comfort to the mi>-
i^r— r-^TTV^l <-^=^^~. ¦ tared. No worthless wives
' y . 'it" — or lotions to rub on. ltJoe^
' '• xs "' 'Iwi-tht work.- Inreattg&te!
"Bo4k!«tXa. 1" Kivtng fall information mailed, imi nedi-
»telyonre<'rtTJtJe.*UBip»n<Jtliii»xrrt. CmUoTftd(lTe*s
¦Aflinie TSttU CO. 020 JUH.t sir«i t SAM FBASCISCO.Swallowed His False Teeth.
A man recently swallowed his false teeth and
it drove him mad. Stomachs will stand a great
deal, but not everything. If yours is weak try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It cures Indiges
tion, constipation, kidney and liver troubles, as
well -as malaria and fever and ague. It Is
particularly 'effective In all nervous affections,
and Is atronerly recommended at this season of
the year when the system is run down and
most sUsceatlble to disease. All druggists
keep It. ¦_ . ' *'" _^
tice in Berlin. . ...
BERLIN, April 17.— There was a panic
in the Roman Catholic Church of St.
Michael this afternoon during the choir
practice. An explosion severely Injured
a soldier and two boys. The cross vault
ing on the left side of the tower and the
roof were damaged and all the windows
were shattered. The rear portion of the
organ was destroyed. The cause of the
explosion is not known.
Soldier and Two Boys. Are Severely
Injured During Choir Prac-
EXPLOSION THE CAUSE , , -. '
OP PANIC IN A CHURCH
ARCHBISHOP JOHN JOSEPH
KEANE, UPON "WHOM THE
PALLIUM WAS CONFERRED.
lea: Be you. In the truest and beat meaning
of the word Americans; Wvlng America, loving
its institutions, devoted to its Interests, chary
in blaming it, ardent in defending it. There
Is among some of 'us, I am not afraid to say,
a disposition to criticise at every moment, j to
rejoice In criticising-, to exaggerate faults, to
minimize virtues,, to pile up grievances, to
grumble perpetually. Such a disposition is un
patriotic and does most serious harm to the
Catholic faith In the eyes of intelligent ' and
earnest Americans. Let it disappear for good.
Surely the time has come to. leave off the old
spirit which days of real persecution in olden
times did beget, to live of the present and the
future and to reach courageously but hon
orably forward toward the elevation of our
people to the character as well as to the con
dition of free men. Let us be just to America
and know and proclaim that nowhere, all
things duly considered, Is the church freer
than in America; that nowhere, as in America,
is she allowed to live In untrammeled freedom
and to prosper as- her iorces and the zeal' of
her sons permit.
From yonder pallium has coma my Inspira
tion. ' In words that burn, with the deepest
feeling- and most earnest ' action, the pallium
that touches the shoulders of John Joseph
Keane speaks to me, &s it does to my hearers,
of church and of country, of sacred love for
one and the other, of Intelligent devotion to
the weal of one and o* the other.'
Visiting Clergrymen Banqueted.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the visiting !
clergymen were banqueted at the Hotel
Jullene, where covers were laid for. 400.
Archbishop TCeane was toastmaster. Car
dinal Gibbons responded to the toast "All
Hail to the Great Leo XIII, Pastor of the
Universal Church." The other toasts
were: "God Bless Our Country, the Home
of Civil and Religious Freedom," Bishop
Spaulding- of Peoria:' "Welcome to Our
Cardinal, to Our Archbishops and Bishops
and to All Our Honored Guests." Arch
bishop Elder, Cincinnati; "The Church in
the Great Northwest," Bishop O'Gorman,
Sioux Falls, S. D. Right Rev. Thomas J.
Conaty, having been called I to "Washing
ton, did not respond to the toast, "Success
to the Catholic University of America, the
Glorious Crown of Our Catholic Educa
tional System." Instead, however, brief
remarks on the subject were made by dis
tinguished churchmen present.
— — UBUQUE, Iowa, April 17.— In the
presence of princes and high
priests of his church and before
an audience that filled St. Ra
phael's Cathedral and overflowed
into the 6urrounding- streets, Archbishop
John J. Keane was to-day invested with
the pallium, the insignia of the high posi
tion he occupies in the Roman Catholic
church. While the absence of Monsignor
Martinelli was marked, it detracted none
from the grandeur of the scene, which
far surpassed that of September 17, 1S93,
when Monsignor Satolli, now a member
of the Sacred Congregation of Rome, con
ferred the pallium upon the late Arch
bishop Hennessey In this same cathedral.
The attendance of clergy and laymen from
abroad was very large and but few States
in the Union were unrepresented. It was a
remarkable tribute to Archbishop Keane.
Pontifical High Mass.
Archbishop' Kane of St.' Louis, in full
canonicals, ascended the altar at 10:30 and
commenced the celebration of pontifical
high mass. His assistant priest was Very
Rev. Gunn of Cedar Rapids, Deacon Very
Rev. McLaughlin of Clinton, Sub-Deacon
Very Rev. O'Connor. Carroll and some
thirty others. Revs. Toomey, Donlin,
Barry, Fitzpatrick and Carey were mas
ters of ceremonies.
The music was Gounod's "Messe Solen
nelle," sung by a choir of sixty persons.
At the close of . the mass Cardinal Gib
boris, with imposing ceremony, conferred
the pallium upon Archbishop Keane. The
Cardinal's assistants were Right Rev.
Monslgnor Ryan. V. G., of Dubuque and
Rev. Clement Johannes of Dubuque.
Following the investiture. Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul delivered the sermon
of the day. A congratulatory address
from the clergy of the diocese was made
by the Rev. Dr. Carroll, president of St.
Joseph's College, Dubuque, and-Archbish
op Keane's reply closed the ceremonies at
the church. • '
Archbishop Ireland's Address.
The ereat feature of the day was the
installation address by Archbishop Ire
land. He regarded the installation as one
of the most important events in the Cath
olic church in recent years, Archbishop
Keane representing the forward move
ment in the church. Bishop Ireland's sub
ject was "The Church in - America — Its
Yesterday and Its To-morrow." He said:
I fear not to say that we have to-day in the
United States fourteen or fifteen millions of
Catholics. I speak, too, of the numbers of
churches, colleges, schacls, convents, hospitals,
orphanages and other institutions of piety,
charity, education and apostolic zeal, with
which the whole country is covered. Those are
riot the creations of the civil state or of rich
religious corporations; they are the results of
the pennies of the Catholic people, the em
bodiment in brick and stone of the sweat of
their brow, of their hard labor, bestowed freely
to God and his Christ. Glance down the naves
and aisles; notice thronging multitudes of men
as 'well as of women that press around the
altar rail, not merely on high festivals, but
on ordinary Sundays. And follow these mul
titudes into their homes, their shops and marts
as they mingle with their non-Catholic . fellow
citizens. Is there upon their lips a word of
disloyalty to church ? I- challenge the most
Catholic lands to show me Catholics more
courageous in the profession of their faith,
more consistent in bringing its principles into
their dally manner o? life, and j if, from its
exterior manifestations, you pass to an exam
ination of their faith itself it Is to the smallest
lota the faith of Peter, the supreme shepherd
of the whole flock, to whom they are united
in love and obedience as never were more so
Catholics of any country of Christendom.
Three-quarters of a century — a half a cen
tury ago— anti-Catholic prejudice was dominant
in the land. Our non-Catholic fellow citizens
were not to be blamed; .they had not known
Catholics as Catholic3 are) and .they treated
them according to what they believed of them.
But to-day in America the reign of ill feeling
and animosity has passed away. In America
Catholics and non-Catholics differ from one an
other in creeds and spiritual allegiance; but,
as true Americans, they respect one another
and accord to one another their civil and so
cial- freedom, all working together in peace
and harmony for the greater weal of society
and of country.
Problem Before the Church.
. The problem before the "church of America
was whether the Catholic religion could pros
per in an atmosphere of absolute freedom,
without aid or prop from state organization or
even from compact - social or national tradi
tions; whether ¦ from its innate vigor, watered
by the dews of heaven alone, it could live and
prosper. To one who believes in the - divine
origin of Catholic faith or has read diligently
its story of ages, the issue of the problem
should never have been doubtful. Tet, so ac
customed had Catholics been to see the church
allied with the state, or working only in popu
lations in whose sou's it was encrusted by
the accretions of centuries, that many in
America and more so in Europe were not will
ing to trust to its 'vitality when planted sud
denly, as it were, In the wilderness to battle,
alcf.e and unprotected with drouth and tem
pest. The problem was most interesting, for
this other reason, that, whether for woe or
weal, the entire world i* seen rapidly drifting
toward the social and. political , conditions of
America and the church on trial In America
is on trial for the world. [ ' . • • . . > ¦
In America the Catholic faith was on trial
and so was democracy itself in ¦ its relations
with religion. And aerjL. is the cause of so
many attacks made onftne American church.
Those attacks covertly. are attacks on democ
racy. It would have Deen most convenient for
reactionary : theorists to be able to say to
Catholics the world • over — your church cannot
thrive in a - democracy,. In- the full- freedom
which democracy insu.-eh. -Thank God, to such
theorists both America and the Catholic church
and American democracy, have given saddest
disappointment. .J"4-'/' • ¦-". - .
Inspiration From Pallium.
• In my earnest desire that the Catholic church
in America be all. that God intends her to-be,
all -that her "opportunities propel^ her >¦ to\be,
may I be allowed to say. to Catholics of Amer-
NEWYORK, April 17.— Frank B. Loo
mis, United States Minister to Venezuela,
spent last night In quarantine with the
rest of the passengers on the Red J> liner
Caracas, on which he came from Porto
Rico. On disembarking to-day Mr. Lpomls
drove at once to the Hotel Victoria, where
he will be auartered until the end. of che
present week, when he goes to "Washing
ton to report to the State Department and
President McKinley. To a. correspondent
who met him at Quarantine to-day Mr.
Loomis said: • ... "¦•' " "..
I did not say any of the unpleasant things
that have 'been attributed to me about Presi
dent - Castro during my stay at San Juan or
anywhere else. The fact is I like Mr. Castro
very much. I was interviewed at San Juan,
but it was more of a pleasant chat than any
thing else." There were other passengers aboard
and present who said Borne unkind things, but
I certainly did not. I cannot understand how
the criticisms were put in ' my mouth unless
the views .of the passengers alluded to were
made mine. I am quoted as saying that Presi
dent Castro drew but J12.000 a year salary, yet
had made $2,000,000 in two years. Now, I do
not even know positively that the President
gets the salary named and . I know nothing
of any money he has made. I also deny that
I . said he plotted to | secure my recall or re
moval. . . -' ¦ ' ¦ .. •• •
I cannot discuss the. recent diplomatic in
cident with Venezuela. There are ! several
points In with it that I will report
on to the department and naturally they are
quite confidential.- I may say, however, that
the preliminary steps toward a legal settlement
of the asphalt case hare been taken in the
Venezuela courts.. That is precisely where our
Government wished the dispute to go. We In
sisted that the dispute be submitted for ad
judication without prejudice and carried our
point. I. do not say that our Government does
not reserve the right to intervene if Justice is
not done, but we want the matter passed upon
by the courts. . There was some feeling at :|he
height of the incident, but it has subsided
and our relations at the present time are quite
satisfactory. I c€nnot say how long it will
take to reach a decision in the asphalt cases;
I presume the law has its delays in Venezuela
as elsewhere. . . ¦ • ¦
President Castro seems to have the country
quite under control. A . constitutional conven
tion, the eleventh . they have had, I believe,'
has adjourned and there is to be an election
in the autumn. It is quite certain that Castro
will be elected President and inaugurated next
spring. The constitutional convention has
changed the tenure of the President from four
to six years.-- Andrade is, I am told, at Cu
l-acao, and I feel that the report is true, for
there is generally a colony of Venezuelans
there, thinking of home and' anxious to im
prove the political- condition. I am told An
drade* plans an expedition to Venezuela, but
I do not anticipate any trouble for some
months. . .
Venezuelans who have discussed Andrade
with me say that while . he is well informed,
rather able and quite . broad-minded, he is
lacking in strength, and. too kind-hearted to
make a successful ruler. They say that an
other leader, a: younger man, will be brought
forward to oppose Castro. However, of all
these matters I [ have no personal knowledge
and am merely telling you what Venezuelans
say.
The Barcelona incident, in which our con
sular agent was twice arrested by local offi
cials in an attempt to eJttort .money from him,
flas been practically closed and in a manner
quite satisfactory to ra. Our Government di
rected me to demand an apology and the fullest
reparation. Just before leaving I was Riven
assurance that the fullest . amends will be
made. " I believe that the assurances given me
will be carried out. ¦ /.
I do not expect to return to Venezuela for
at least five, months. Four years in the tropics
have left me in. need of change nad rest; 'my
physician says Carlsbad. . and > I - am ! going to
try and get leave for-a.trip to Europe.
Declares Many Statements
Attributed to Him Were
Unfounded.
Minister to Venezuela
Amazed at Some
Stories.
LOOMS MAKES
STRONG DENIAL
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
•..-; :¦'.¦ ".; Wednesday, April #17.
U S stmr Rosecrans, Dobson. 33 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 71 days. ¦ •¦ .
Ship Geor*2 Curtis, Calhoun, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Dark W B Flint. Johnson, ?0 days from
Honolulu. •
Schr Eva, BJornstrom, 50 days from Apia.
Ea--xioa, ¦ - • V .
DENMARK MAY SOON
SELIi THE ISLANDS
Beached a Promising Stage and
Purchase Is in Prospect.
United States Negotiations Have
COPENHAGEN, April 17.— The Govern
ment is considering the recent somewhat
modified proposal with regard to the salo
to the United States of the Danish West
Indies, which is considered likely to lead
to a satisfactory termination of the ne
gotiations. Official circles are of the opin
ion that the two governments are now
nearer an agreement than they have been
at any Drevious time.
The Danish Government ridicules the
reiterated reports published , in English
papers that peremptory communications
regarding the sale of the "islands have
been received from the United States,
an.-I the officials are much impressed with
the, cordiality and friendliness that the
United States Government has shown
throughout the negotiations.
Judge Estee Delivers a
Lecture to the
Hawaiians.
HONOLULU, April 9.— United States
District Judge Estee to-day delivered the
charge to the first Federal - Grand Jury
ever called together here. He adminis
tered a scathing rebuke to the community
and the authorities for permitting the es
tablishment and maintenance of. the re
sort known as Iwalei, a local Toshlwara,
which Circuit Judge Humphreys some
time ago called upon the Territorial
Grand Jury to proceed against.
Judge Estee charged the jury to Inves
tigate reports that the women at Iwalei,
who are nearly all Japanese, are slaves
of their husbands, brothers or owners,
and he said there was not another equal
sized town in the United States where so
many such women are congregated In one
place and protected by public officers.
The Judge referred to Iwalei as an of
fense against law and decency and
charged the jury to proceed against all
persons who have had anything to do
with keeping or maintaining the big ln
closure at Iwalei, in which there are now
1M women.
The Territorial Legislature is now In
the midst of a hard fight over, the pro
posed liquor dispensary law. The bill has
been before the Senate In .various stages
for several days and committee reports
for and against it have been made.
The House has Jellied a bill to make the
old flag of the Hawaiian nation the Ter
ritorial emblem on the ground that. it Is
not the rule for Territories of the United
States to have flags of their own. The
bill to allow the former Queen $12,000 a
year as a pension has two substitutes —
one proposing to give her $250,000 In a
lump sum and the other to make at this
time an appropriation of $12,000 for her
for the next two years. Most of the In
dependents are understood to favor giv
ing the $250,000.
The House has finally passed a bill to
provide for the use of the Hawaiian as
well as the English language in the Cir
cuit Courts of the Territory. Since an
nexation only Entrlish has been allowed
in courts of record.
Jared Smith, United States Commis
sioner of Agriculture for the Territory,
has arrived and is taking up work on the
reservation for the Territorial Experi
ment Station. There are about 220 acres
In the reservation, near Honolulu.
LONDON, April 17.— A South African
blue book containing recent dispatches
frcm Sir Alfred Milner and other official
correspondence way issued to-night.
Sir Alfred Mllner -wired under date of
March 3 requesting permission to return,
home at an early date upon leave of ab
sence for the purpose of resting. Joseph
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary, .re
plied by granting this request, but ex*
pressing the Government's regret that it
should be necessary for Sir -Alfred to
leave South Africa at the present time,
quite recognizing, however, his need. for
rest and mentioning' three months as a
possible period of absence.
In a dispatch dated February C Sir Al
fred Milner reviews the situation in
South Africa and says that he had hoped
some definite point would be reached at
which it would be possible to sum up that
chapter of history containing the ways
and forecast of administrative recon
struction which must succeed it. He
adds: .
But I em reluctantly forced to the conclu
sion that there will be no euch dividing line
and I have not the slightest doubt of the ulti
mate result, but I foresee that the work will
be slower, more difficult, more harassing an!
more expensive than was at any time antici
pated. At any rate It is idls to wait longer
in the hope of being able to discover a clear
and clean-cut situation. In spite of tho con
fused character of the present position I think
it better to attempt to discover, however
roughly and Inadequately, the state of things as
they are to-day. It is no use denying that the
last - half of the year has been one of retro
gression. Seven months ago this colony was
perfectly quiet, at least as far as the Orange
River. .The southern half of, the Orange River
Colony was rapidly settling down, and even a
considerable portion of the Transvaal, notably
the southwestern districts, seemed to have defi
nitely accepted British authority and to rejoice
at the opportunity to return to orderly govern
ment and the pursuits of peace. !
To-day the scene is completely altered. It
would be superfluous to dwell on the increased
losses to the country caused by the prolonga
tion of the struggle by the form which It has
recently assumed. I
The enemy are now broken up into a great
number of small forces, raiding In every di
rection, and that our troops are broken up
in their pursuit makes the area of actual fight-
Ing and consequently of destruction much
wider than would be the case in a conflict
between equal numbers operating lc large
masses. Moreover, the fight is now mainly
over supplies. The Boers live entirely. on the
country through which they pass, not only
taking all the food they can lay their hands
on, but looting the small village stores of
clothes, boots, coffee and sugar, all of which
they are in great need of. Our forces are com
pelled to denude the ¦ country of everything
movable in order to frustrate these tactics of
the enemy. The loss of crops and ptock is
more serious to the Boers than farm burning,
of which so much has been heard. I say this
not at all as an advocate of such destruction
and I am glad to think the measure is now
seldom if ever resorted to.
The consequences of the war, although not
grave, are appalling. The country people will
need help to prevent them from starving, and
probably a certain amount of capital. A more
serious effect of the last six months is tho
moral Influence of the recrudescence of the
war, especially In Orange River colony.
CRADOCK. Cape Colony, April 17.—Ad
vices from Hellbron say that Andrles
"Wessels is alive. "Wessels accompanied
Morgranddael on his visit to the Boers in
the capacity of a peace envoy and was
reported to have been shot by. order of
General Dewet.
COURT SCORES
THE OFFICIALS
South African Conditions Now
Worse Than Ever
. Before.
MILNER TIRES
OF THE WAR
of England's Dis
aster.
High Commissioner Tells
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1001.
ARCHBISHOP KEANE IS HONORED ,
AT A BRILLIANT CEREMONIAL
Distinguished Princes and Priests of the Roman
Catholic Church Witness an Investiture by
Cardinal Gibbons at the Cathedral in Dubuque
3
OCEAN TBAVEH
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific. Coast .Steamship Co.
fe NOME
r GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the company's new
and splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made ¦ five trips to Nome last
year, being one /of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishao or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET . OFFICE,
4 New Monteomery ttreet.
GOODALX., PERKINS & CO., Gen. A«ts..
10 Market street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j« ' Steamers leave Broadway
fete. • wharf. San Francisco: .
V£3)»_ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. rrt..
H|rabtt April 11, 1G, 21. 26. May 1.
K&JKT-ja-jh. Chanse to company's steam-
S^ETffSf^ra ers at Seattle.
|jgE»!a3pa 'Gla For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tWeSXi^pfil C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
/^¦•^rauml . Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
*^ and New "Whatcora (Wash.)—
a. m.. April 11. 16.. 21. 2«.
May 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska end G. N. Ry. : at = Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
13, 18, 23, 28, May 3, and every, fifth day there-
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles »nd Redondo fLos An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lute Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. tan Pecro,
East San Pedro fl/OS Angeles) 'and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. rn. : steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. *n.
For Ensenada. Magnalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ¦
For further Information- obtain companjrs
folders. -
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. • Failing dates and hours of sailing
without rr»viou« notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PEflKTXS A CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Op., |
And Short Rail Line frcm Portland to ell
points East. Through t : ckets to all
points, all «•»•' *"•" «tr«r»»« l 'Ir» and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!— -
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sails Apr. 13. 23. vMay 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Aot. 8. 18, 28. May 8
• D. "W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.. S. F.
PANAMA R. R. V% MSH "
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin., *105: Steerase. ; $40. /
6. 8. Lcclanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
S.S.Argyll - sails Monday. May 6
S.S.— — sails Monday", May 20
From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 p.' m. "
Freight and passenger office. 300 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
r z& ««aimrcr.te:.6it;i.s.r.csL,
i \ SJr The Largest Anatomical Musenm in the
0 r?cft?"v Wori J - u >»Knes>e» Jt>' *ny cuntracted ,
'_ Jog CM d>ie»« p*Bill«rl r c «re4 by the oldeit
O l^jal Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years. (
4 £*£*§ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
1 t Consultation free and strictly private.
0 m X? Vt D T " iInient personally nr by letter. A j
\ R W n H Pontivt Cure in every case undertaken.' '
mtn 11 w v> n;e f< * Book - rniLOKUPD v of ,
f ' j Ij 1 * BlnKIACE. MAILED FREE. ( A '
A it U- valuable book for mm )
f DB.. JOKDA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. I
•
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a-quarter of a century.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
JBradford I Silver Creek
QUICkSILVER
MINING COMPANIES,
San Benito Co. and Santa Clara Co.
$1 BUYS
2 SHARES
ONE IN EACH MINE. PAR VALUE IS $1
PER SHARE.
Buy now If you want any stock, as the price
will soon be advanced. We have bought 150 COO
trick for tha furnace and have engaged the
greatest furnace builder in America, Mr. Rob-
ert Scott. . Thousands of tons of rich oc/i al-
ready mined and developed.- Dividends "will
be paid as soon as the furnaces are In good
working order— undoubtedly In -less than 4
months. .
, Our mines are. adjacent to mines that have
already produced over ?1,COO,000 worth of quick-
silver. • »
We own over 600 acres of U. S. Patented Land
and. have necessary building, tools, engines,
teams and mining machinery; also have 1000
cords of wood cut for the furnaces.-
We gruarantee to pay all assessments. If any
for five I years. Let us show you these mines
end Judge for yourself.
H. R. BRADFORD, President and General Manager,
7 North Market Street, San Jote, Cal.~- ; .
Froap:etns at BraneV Office, 2C9 Einiomt Btrett
" '. San Francisco. ¦ . ' > : *>
H. L. COF /IN and T. DB FKKITA3, Agenti? «&.
— ? — : —^ — ; ¦ — '¦ •
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS;
600T and DYSPEPSIA,
.DRINK , -_'.tJ
Best 1 NATURAL Alkaline Water.
OCEAN TRAVEL
toWIsJpmshI
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). ' Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at' Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. • '
S3. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3, 1901
SS AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1901
SS." HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 22, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
, PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. VICTORIA.. ..........APRIlJlJ, 10 A. M.
COLUMBIA'..... .......MAY 2. 10 A.M.
F. Bismarck. .....May 9/Deutschland ....May 16
Twin-Screw Possenqsr Sarvlct.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. .
Patricia .........Anr. 27[*Batavla May 11
Waldersee".. May 4l Pennsylvania ...May IS
•Sails to Hamburg direct. '
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. N. Y,
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st. •
n; f\- t. ¦'-'¦:"&. TV co.
3STo:m::e,
TELLER, ST. -MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS. **f ¦¦.¦:• ,
From San Francisco.
SS. ROANOKE...:.;..: Sails May 13
SP. SANTA'ANA...... Sails -»
For tickets or freight Bpnce write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE,
•. " . 630 Market St., 8. F.
A/»AAKli fl^ €T Q |PA HAWAII, SAMOA, NE«
SS." VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia ....'. . .
1 ..'...¦. ....Thursday. April' 18, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for. Tahiti
. .: '."About April 22, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)..............
.;:. ......I.... Saturday,. April 27, 2 p.m.
I D.SP8ECKELS k BROS. CO.; Geaeral Agents. 327 Market St
Bcn'l Passengsr Qfflso, 843 Harkit St., Pkr Ho. 7/ Paofis St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
»nd CIA SUD AMERICANA YAPO1ES
To Valparaiso,. . stopping at j Mexican. Central
and South American ports. '.Sailing, Section 2,
Seawall, 12 m. * :.. , ..- ,
/PERU ...........May 2;PALENA May 30
.GUATEMALA .May 13iLOA - ......:..;.-June 12
¦These steamers are built • expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passengrer . service.
(No changfe at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and . passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR.-- GUTHRIE & CO., Agents.
COXPAONIE GEHERALE : TBAK3ATLANTIQUE
IJltlliCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -'^j*^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday,; at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, ' fl »ft»l
North River, foot of Morton street.- First class
to Havre. ¦ $35 and .upward. * Second class to
Havre, J45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR . UNITED STATES and CANADA,' 32
Broadway (Hudson building). ¦ New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery: avenue. San Francisco. -Tickets sold. by
all Railroad -Ticket Agents. ¦ ¦ >-
Weekly Call, $1. per Year
Nome City and
Teller Xity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS. Master.) ;
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaying that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN. Agent.
C3S Market Street, opp. Palace. Hotol.
SAN FRANCISCO.
NOME,
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc,
&. S. JE/\INIE,
- • % • P. H. MASON. Master.
T. 1*. ELLIS. Master.
¦Will leave Eaa Francisco on ,'.' * r
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE eoes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on -April M. > ~ • • - .-.
S. S. VALENCIA, J. M. Lane. Master, leave*
San Francisco May 24. 1901. and Seattle May
SO, ISO, for Nome. Teller. Bearing, Golof nln.
etc. .¦•;¦-•-¦• -.i' - . :-¦ <¦ . f"
For passage and freight apply to ,
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO..
SO CAtJFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tealer way. Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
KZV TO&X. SOUTHAMPTON, L03D0S. PASI3.
. Stopping st Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 24! St. Louis May 15
New Tork. ..:... May l|New York May 22
St. Paul. .........May S St. Paul Stay 23
BED STAR LINE."
New York and Antwerp. '
From Nevr Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington April 24(Seuthwark May 13
Keeland May llVaderland ..May 23
Frlesland ....J..May 8' Kensington May 23
INTERNATIONAL- NAVIGATION COMPANT
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. '
General Agent Pacific Coast. S3 Montgomery st.
BAY AND XIVER STT- 'a tutfb <*
, Steamer, " Montlcello."
MON.. TOES.. WED., THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:10 Sundays.
10:39 a. m., ! p. a Landing and office. M!s-
»lon-at. Dock. Pier No. J. Telephone Mala 1508.
8irrr < Blrr<S *
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts.
Cor. Bosh and Belden.
Sutler, Near Grant Ave.
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHE^ CROOKS.
THIS DAY,
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
/\T 12 O'CLOCK. NOON,
Auction Rooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Street.
S. E. CORNER MISSION* AND THIRD STS.
— L5 feet on Third Ft. by 77:6 feet on Mission
•t.: solid 4-story and basement brick building,
contaJniEg- S stores on ground floor, renting- for
SZl-Q per month to one tenant, and S floors abov«
of 50 rooms, renting for 1140 per month; and
assessed for $32,600; Improvements, $15,000.
AX ELEGANT LOCATION ON SUTTER 8T..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
6T. — Premises now occupied aa ¦ a wood and
coal yard; ground rent J50 per month. Land
assessed for $20,000.
N. g. CORNER BUSH AND BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEAEXT AND MONT-
GOMERY 6TS. — Brick Improvements: renting;
for $305 per month. Land assessed $16,060; Im-
provements, $2700.
For further particulars apply to
JOHN T. HARMES.
i 636 Market St.
Befertes: , | O. H. UMBSEN*.
, I 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN.
' I Parrott Building-.
M Cured While
You Sleep
„ In Fifteen Days
•Grtn-€olTent" (UssolTeB Str!c tore Tike snow b*>
*«*tb the son. rednoei KnUrped Prostate tni
strenftbens the Seminal Ducts, slopplacDnlas M
atmiutons In Fifteen Days,
No trnjpi to rein the norowh, trot? direct local
and potlUTe application to the entire nrethra.1 tract
OrtB-tiolTent Is not a liqnld. It It prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smootk and tlexlklaj
amd so Dtrrcw a& to pass ttie closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The SU James Acsn-Boz EW. Cincinnati, O_ nat
Fr«Tllnrtr*u-<3 Trentlse upon tho male L D C L I
tysKS. wtach Uwur will sen* to ur S N I I i
coule applicant, iIbI-bWI
CT II WCQ AS^V 2 50 ELM ST.,
3 1. i AMC3 A33 H M Cincinnati. Ohio.
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculists' rrcacrlDtlons filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
ur«otn CHRONiat BUIL01N&. Catalogue Free.*
Like Older People,
They Prefer It to
Other Grain
Foods.
Malt Breakfast Food, because of Its pre-
digested character, is adapted for the
young as well as the old. It satisfies and
nourishes growing children, builds up
bone, tissue and muscle and keeps the
ctomach and bowels in perfect order from
day to day.
Halt Breakfast Food once tried in the
home at once meets the approval and ex-
pectations of every member of the family.
Its delicious flavor captivates every pal-
ate.
"No more oatmeal for us," Is the deci-
sion of the thousands who have tried
Halt Breakfast Food. Appetizing, nutri-
tious, energizing, easily digested and read-
ily absorbed are a few of the many grand
qualities of Malt Breakfast Food. Your
grocer sells It.
Malt BnUiit M
The Children are De-
liguted with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUFFERED THREE YEARS,
CATARRH OF STOMACH.
Miss Evelyn Morse writes from 651 Adams street, Minneapolis, Minn.,
as follows : ' . . . .
"/ suffered for nearly three years with catarrh of the stomach nkich
no medicine seemed to relieve, until a friend advised 1 me to try Peruna.
Although skeptical, I tried it, and found it helped me within the first week.
I kept taking it for three months, and am pleased to say that it cured me
entirely, and I have had no symptoms of its rqturn. / am only too glad to
recommend it as a wonderful medicine, doing all and more than you claim
for it"— Evelyn Morse. **
Adia Brittain of Sekltan, Ohio, writes: stomach Ja going away steadily. I think
"After using your wonderful Peruna Peruna a most wonderful medicine; It has
tliree months I have had great relief. I done me wonderful good, and I recora-
had continual heaviness in. my stomach, mpnd it to all suffering from the effects
was bilious, and had fainting spells, but of catarrh and kindred ailments,
they all have left me since using Peruna. "I used less than three bottles cf Pe-
I can now get around and do my house- runa and I am relieved so much that I
work, and think Peruna the greatest Intend to always have Perupa ready for
medicine I ever used. use in case of need."— F. M. Landls.
"My husband complained of shortness Miss Maggie Becker, 653 Lake street,
of breath and weakness in limbs, but Apple ton, Wls.. writes:
since taking your Peruna says he has not "It is with pleasure I recommend Pe-
felt so well in ten years."— Adla Brittain. runa as a splen- +,.,«.,,...«» t
Mrs. Lizzie Blevins, 102 Boliver street, did tonic to any 4 k
Cleveland, Ohio, writes: overtaxed per- » Ji^lsSs^ ?
"After following your directions and so," 3 : W 1 " ; n ,, S^ t
using your medicine I candidly feel it was $£ T body will ''> ~ffl-S\ Ik '!
the means of saving my life, for I suf- soon t>e worn out* «? "3K? SS wly I
fered for months from catarrh of the also, but Peruna,, . *Tr / '*¦' Sf? I
stomach, and doctors that I consulted did Invigorates the,, \ «,^* J£F*<i\ ?
not seem to know what ailed me, and did Jo^y »" d , r e- 1 jSV *^ ?
: me no good. I used two bottles of Pe- J r £ s a h v e e s gXnd •? *
runa and began to set so much" better u a relief In cases Wstt^£^^2*Y\zt?l *
that I- continued taking It until I had of severe back- ' \ v^»sI|p»T^<'4V^ I
taken five bottles, and It cured me. I ache. We are,, ¦'^fj \ <ic t
find it to be just as it is recommended, never without it,, J
and I speak in highest praise of Peruna. at ,£ ome ' ,, and ,, Miss Maggie/Becker. J
I trust it may do good to others as it has Ktw bless" ?¦"' -*
to me. I am confident a trial of your ing."— Miss Maggie Becker.
medicine will convince any one."— Mrs. if you do not derive prompt and satls-
Lizzic Blevins. ' factory results from the use of Peruna.
From McPherson, Kans.. F. M. Landla write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
•ro-rltp* th« following Ipttpr* lul1 statement of your case, and he will
"I "is^to "ay /am doing splendidly &PSK. to y ° U hlS ValUaWe ad "
under your direction. Peruna is doin»r the Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
work admirably and th'e catarrh of the Kartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.TANFORAN PARK— Wednesday, April
17, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
230S. FIRST RACE-Five and a 'half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
*40P. : . ¦ : ¦ . -
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
¦ 2252 Foul Play/4, 106... Dom 4 2 2 12 13
1754 Necklace, a, 109.. Thorpe 2 In 22 2 1
2241 S. Tarsus, 4, 118. Turner 3 3 »/4 3 3 3 3
2276 Abbylelx L. 4, 106..Farll"9 4 4 4 1 4 1
2297 Limelight, 5, Hl.RanschlO 6 %" 5 1 . 5 2 -
2240 Pilot, 4, 108 ....See 8 9 2 6^61
2194 I D. Know, a, lll.Bergn 7 5 14 7 % 7 1
2257 Favorito, 4, 108.Alexndrll 8 1 8 M "8 hi
2275 Looram, a,. 111. ./..Hoar 5 7 2 9 4 9 5
2156 Mikfe Rice, a, lll.Tullett 1 10 2 10 5 10 6
,2194 Formatus, 4, 108.. Conley 6 11 11 ,11
vl 1 .? 16 "- 1 - 16 ' :66y * ; '# :^: & :48 *: B^f.
1:07%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's b. m.
by imp. Foul Shot-Theresia. Necklace touted
but winner '. easily outgamed . her. Saul ran
his race; Pilot has gone back. Don't Know
Is doing well. Scratched— Summer 111.-
Betting— Foul. Play, 3-2; Necklace, 2; Saul
of Tarsus, -7;. Abbylelx, 100; Limelight, 15; Pi
lot, 30; I Don't Know, 30; Favorito, 50; Loo
ram, 50; Mike Rice, 30; Formatus, 50. •
2309. SECOND RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2293 Jarretlere d'Or, HO.Mnce 4 '3 Vt 2 3 12'
. 2279 Zirl, 110 Dominlck 2 1 Vx In 2 2
2279 Ogle, 113 Turner 3 44 31 3 1%
(W85)Innocencia, 110.. .Thorpe 1 2 V a 42 4^4
2293 Prestano, 110 Conley 6 5 4 5 6-56
2147 Yellowstone, 113...Gouin 5 6 6 6
Time— 1-16. :06%; %, :23; H, -Ati i%t, :54%.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Atkin & Lottrldge's b. g.
by imp. Golden Garter-Ricardo. Zirl found the
route a trifle far. Innocencia quit. Winner
likes a distance. ¦ . •
Betting— Jarretiere d'Or, 6; Zirl 4-5; Ogle,
10; Innocencia, 5; Prestano, 12; Yellowstone
300. •-¦ • . :
231O. THIRD RACE— One and a half miles;
hurdle; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2009 Howard, 4, 126..Hueston 6 13 1 10 1 n
2233 J O C, a, 140.. .... Peters 1 2 20 2 10 2 6
2292 Viking, a, 155.:WorthgtA* 2 3 1 8 15 3 10
2292 ChesterHd, a, 140.. Young 7 4 ." 4 ¦ 4
2210 Herculean, 4, 126.. Cairns 4 • ... ...
2194 Dunboy. a, 140.. Delconte 3 •
2196 Faversham, 5, 139. Taylor 5 •, .....;
Time— 3:53>4. Good start. Won first three
driving. "Winner, C. H. .-Williams', b. g. by
Riley-Miss Howard. This was a fitting fare
well to the jumping game and criticisms are
superfluous. "Fell.
Betting— Sam Howard, 9-2; J O C, 8; Viking
7-2; Lord Chesterfield, 6; Herculean, 2; Dun
boy, 20; Faversham, 60.
5:311. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; '.Vest
crn.Toal Etakes;i two-year-olds; value, $3S15. .
Index, Honse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2233)Corrigan, 126...Dominick 3 2 1 ¦ 1 a 1 1^
2293 Flora Pomona, lla.Howll 4 1^4 28 22*
2293 Doreen, 115.... Turner 15 6 3 2 3 2
2235 Royalty, 115 Mounce 6 6 6-3t 4 2 •
2237 Yrsula, 208. ... ,Thorpe 5 4 1- 42' 55
2273 Evander, 108 Conley 2 -3 h 6 -6
Time-%,::23?i; %. :33%; %, 1:01. Good start.
"Won first three driving. Winner, Felix Carr's
br. c. by imp. Sain-Ada Reese. Corrigran was
best. Flora tired last sixteenth. Turner made
too late a move with Doreen. Others out
classed.
Betting— Corrigan, 2;' Flora Pomona, 3; Do
rcen, 3-2; Royalty, 30; .Yrsula, DO; Evander, 50.
2312. FIFTH ( RACE— Mile and a sixteenth*
Gelling; four-year-olds and up; purse; $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V. Str. Fin.
(£2SS)Sc. Plaid, 6, 103. .Ransch 1 "2 3 1112
2S0O Dang. Maid, 4. 103.. Dom 2 1155 2 5' 2 8
(2291)Precursor, 4, lll..Glsborn 6 6 V> 3 n 3 V
2220 Sir H'pton, 4, 105.Bassgr 5 3 2 4 4.41"
2296 Parmenion, 4, 99. ..Walsh' 7 4 1 6 3 "5 4" '
<2277)Don t.uis, 6, 103.Mathws 3 7 5 h b 1
•2264 The Phoen'cn, 6, lOS.Mnc 4 6 % 7 V ;
2187 -Wyoming, a, 106.. Thorpe Left ;.. , .;.
Time— 1-16, :07; %. :25;%, :49j %. 1:14; mile.
l:4Ui;- 1 l-16m, l:48tf. Good start except
Wyoming. Won easily. Second' and" third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b.
r.,.by imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Winner easily
the best. Maid stayed longer than usual.
Wyoming wheeled a3 barrier was released.
Others performed badly. J • . . . • .
Betting— Scotch Plaid, 2; Dangerous Maid, 6;
Precursor, 15; Sir Hampton, 12; Parmenion, 50;
Don Luis. 40; The Phoenician, 4; Wyoming, 5.
2313. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three
year-olds* and up; purse, $400. ; ,
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
22S4 Bernota, 3. 93 Ransch 3 1 n 12 1 W,
2291 Maydine, 4, 102.Domlnick 2 2 IJ 2 2 2 2
2?60 T. LepplnK. 3, 89.. Butler 13 2 3 % 3 2
1274 Compass, 3. 84.;... Walsh 4 6 4 5 4 12
2280 Flatterer. 3, 89 Hoar 5 4 h 5 5
Time— U. :26: H. :50V4: %, 1:16: mile. 1:42^4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse 1 s br. gr.
by Take Notice-Berna. Bernota had nothing to
beat Others ran to form. Scratched— Mac-
Gyle 106.
Betting — Bernota, 3-10; Maydine, 6; Tony Lep
ping, 60; Compass, 20; Flatterer, 50.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Why Don't You Travel by SeaP
.'Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery st. j, and Inform
yourself concerning that company's im
proved service | and low rates \ to Los An
geles, San Diego, Santa Barbara; Tacoma, 1
Seattle. ¦ Juneau. .» Sbaguay and all Paciflc
Coast ports. ..
LEAGUE LEADERS AND
: ; - -.PLACE MEN W3XL PLAY
The Oakland ball players are to make
their- first' appearance of ,':the season at
Recreation. Park ,this afternoon. ' The Oak
lands are in second' place and their oppo
nents forvthlg week's series are the lead
ers from the citrus belt. To-day and to
morrow are ladies' days at the ball park.
.The line-up for to-day's game is as fol
lows:,. , ' ¦ .
tt«8 Angeles. " Position. '. Oakland..;
Spies:............. Catcher '....... ....Lohman
Johnson Pitcher .,-.....;:.. .Babbitt
Hutchingon... '...-.: ..First *base....'.:.-...;streib
Brockhott Second base....Arrellanes
Rellly.. '....../."........ .Third base...... Moore
Kelly. . . . . .: : ...'.; ...Shortstop ..... .; . . .Francks
Bowman......... '.'. l«ft field.'..'. Dunleavy
Housholder Center field.. Drennan
Swindells. Rljcht field .Borchers
BESXTLTS OF BACINQ
ON EASTUBN" TRACKS
Jockey Digma Thrown at Aqueduct
"\ and* Believed to Be Mortally
ri ? r '.V ..' Z Injured.
NEW YORK, April 17.— An unfortunate
accident occurred in the first race at
Aqueduct to-day. Osman Digma fell on
the far turft, throwing little Wilkinson
heavily, : and the boy is thought .to- be
mortally, injured. .Results:
Four and a half furlongrs, '•selling— Right
Away won. Easy Street second, .Playllke third
Time/ :57. • : ~... ¦¦ .. / - . •. . . . .
Six furlonBs, selling— Manltoban" won, York
shire Boy second, , Blue. .Away third. Time
1:14 4-5; ,- . . . . , H?-:$ ¦ . ¦ •;;.; •.
Four and a half furlongs, selling^Maru won,
Lyssbeth second, Eva Mine third. Time, :E6 3-5.
About seven furlongs — Ten Candles -won. Pu
pil'second. All Green third." Time," 1:25: ?¦
Five-' and .a' half furlongs, selling— Nlnona
won,' Councilman Tom: second, Egotism third.
Time,. 1:10. -'¦-•- . : , ,. *,
Five furlones-^Hellobas -Tron, ; Godfrey sec
ond, Kentucky third. Tlme,iil:01 3-5.^.-
Cl NCINNATi; April it-i-ResUltS' of the
•racing at Newport:^,, W:^ . . , T ,.
One- jnlle-rW. G. ' Welch.- won,' lllja; second.
GuerdCn third: Time, 1:49%' ¦ .-•• £ ¦¦-¦¦:-
Half a mll€ — King Daly won. Foundling sec
ond. Debenture third. Time,', :61%. ••-¦¦
Six furlongs, selling— Masterful won, I>iver
tisement second, Corialis third. Time. 1:19.. :
Five and a half . furlonjrs — Foneda won. The
Bronze Demon second/ Georgrle Gardner .third.
Time, 1:11. , :- • , - - ¦ - '
Mile and a sixteenth, sellingT-George B. Cox
won, Get About second, Banquo II \ third.
Time, l*.53^ft. ' ¦ ' ' ' ..
Five and a half furlong-s — Denny Duffy won.
Black Ford second. Lady Kent third. ¦ Time,
'1:12. ¦¦: ¦'.. ¦ ¦/ ; '...•' ¦ '¦¦ - ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦
CHICAGO, April 17.— The racing at
Lakeside resulted: , v" . .. .*
Five - and a half ¦ furlontrs^-Blue • Lick won,
Olekma second, Irma S. third.. .Time. 1:09.
Half a mile— Haydon won. Nellie Waddell
second, Yana third. Time, :49. r ~ ' , .
Six furlonsrs, selling— Debride won, Andes
second,', Patron third. Tlme,,i;i5. . ¦« ¦'
Five and ' a half furlongs — Rival Dare won,
Braw Lad second, : Jake ; Weber i third. Time,
1:07 3-5. ., .'. . .- •-....
1 One mile and a sixteenth— Ed Adack won.
Shut Uto lecond, Hampshire third. , Time,'
1:49 4-5. >, .» ¦ .•• . - •¦¦- ¦
One mile and a' sixteenth— Little Tim w6n,
George Lee second, .Vincennes third. Time.
1:47 2-5.- . - ¦¦ -. -.-. :; ¦£, ¦¦ :'¦ l-< -.;¦¦,
MEMPHIS, Tenn. r April .-17.— Results':; >
Four and a half -furlongs, selling:— Miss Blar
ney won. Ester -Nell second, \ Marie Bell third.
Tim*/ -:59. '. : ¦ ' ?*r ' ~" — -\-> •'¦.-¦-.-¦• --¦
Five furlongs— Mies Charlie won. H. L. Cole
man second, Kaloma third. Time, 1:05%.
One mile— Caviar won. The Unknown second,'
Nobleman third. Time, 1:45. .. - . . ¦ x-.
Mile and - an eighth, selling — Amelia Strath
more won. Chorus Boy second, Janowood third.
Time, 2:01*4. ' - ; - ' : J - •
Steeplechase, about; two miles— The Lost
Chord won. • Basle ¦. second, . Domozetta : third.
Time, 5:01. . , . - ; ¦ .¦;: .
iSix- furlongs.- selHnjr— Kindreds won/, Quite
Rlsht* second, water Crest 'third. ."'Time, 1:17H.
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; mares;
four-year-olds and upward; selling.
2241 Genua 102 2302 Alas .,. 39
2168 Morelia 106 2302 Spry Lark 109
2202 Nettle Clark.... 99 2296 Alleviate iO2
2290 Alary's Garter.106 . ,.;
Probable Winners.
First race— .Novia, Foul Play, Lost. Girl.
Second race— Minerva, Lulette, Irma A.
Third race^-Ada N, Selde, Bard of Avon. ¦
Fourth race — Achilles, Silesian, Pepper, Sauce.
Fifth race — St. Simonian, Gauntlet, Topmast.
Sixth race— Alas, Genua, Alleviate. '
.-¦.¦.¦¦¦ < ' ¦>
THE Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's Doric and
the United States transport Law
ton both came into port yesterday
:.' .'-flying the yellow flag and were at
once ordered Into quarantine. In the case
of the Doric John J. Symons, the first of
ficer, was stricken with smallpox while
the steamship was on her way from Japan
¦to "Hawaii. • The sick man was landed at
Honolulu and the Doric came on to San
Francisco. . --.':'
The Lawton -left Manila March 16 last
and two days' later First Lieutenant
Harry E. Courtney of the ¦Thirty-ninth
Infantry was taken down with smallpox.
He was sent to the United States hospital
at -Nagasaki on the transport's arrival
there. After being fumigated the Law
ton started for. San Francisco, but on
March 31 two more cases of the disease
appeared. Lieutenant Courtney's room
mates had been First Lieutenant Charles
M. Cobb Jr. of the Thirty-ninth Infantry
and Acting Assistant Surgeon H. H.
Stromberger, and both of them were at
tacked. -As the transport was running
short of coal she was headed for Hono
lulu, and on her arrival there i both the
smallpox patients were landed.
The Lawton Is held in quarantine* but
the Doric and her cabin, passengers were
released. Among; those In the cabin oh
the transport are:
Brigadier General James M. Bell; Colonel
Thomas McGregor, Ninth Cavalry; Lieutenant
Colonel Edward M. Hayes, Fourth Cavalry;
Captain B. H. Fuller, U. S. M. C. ; First Lieu
tenant H. H. Drumm, Twenty-fifth Infantry,
and Major G. T. Langhorne, Thirty-ninth In
fantry. .--:.•.--.¦•. i -'¦....,
The cabin . passengers oh " the ' Doric
were: - . . . ¦¦ ;.- _,_ .' .; - ;'/ , ¦ \v: '. ; ; •
General I* D. -¦ Artamonoff , I. R. A.; T. H.
Blakemore; Mrs. T. W. de Berglgny, child and
nurse;- Thomas Cratty, Rev. and Mrs. R. T.
Davidson. H. Davidson, Mr. and Mrs.- J. M.
Eva, Colonel A. R. ' Fraser', -B.' A-; • Dr. I*.
Fraser Hurst, Dr. and Mrs. "Ward Hall H.' T.
Ammon, Hart Buck, A. Dabelstein, Mrs. C.
T. Collyer and child; Lieutenant F. E. Ed
wards, U. S. A.; Frank Heal, Ludwig Hohlg
manh, A. .Isdebsky, Dr. '• G. P. Gordan, JV H.
Jenks, Mrs. J. H. . Jenks. "W. Klose, E. ¦ Krug,
C. A. Maltland, Fongf Sin Neen and servant,
R. D. Crimsby. Rev. P. W. Pitcher, Richard
Pohle, A. O. Quaridt, G. C. Raphael, E. A.
Risdale, William Sampson, W. E. Selleck, Rev.
F W. . Steadman. Mrs. F. 1 W. Steadman and
child, Wanic Stollerfoht, W. Taylor, Lin Ting,
N. Tokey, J. E. Van Berge, Bishop A. VT. Wll
eon,'Mrs. Ai "W, Wilson, L. H. Wise, Mrs.
L. H. Wise, Miss Wise, Master A. Wise, Mas
ter S. Wise. H. T.' Wettln.
. The Doric reports the arrival of the
transport Garonne with the Twenty-sixth
Infantry aboard at Honolulu on April 8.
She was to remain there a couple of days,
and will probably get here on Saturday.
All were well aboard when the Doric
sailed.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Irmgard and the Mauna Ala will load
merchandise for Honolulu..
The steamer. China sailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general cargo valued
at $177,887, manifested as follows: For China,
170,774; Japan, $77,807; Manila, $24,243; East
Indies, $1832; Korea. 81534; Vladivostok, $1697.
The following were the principal shipments:
¦ For China— 8165 lbs abalone meat, 8 cr bicy
cles and sundries, 1350 lbs bread, 287 cs canned
goods, 2862 lbs cheese, 2128 lbs coffee, 331- bales
domestics, 8 cs electrical supplies, 9500 bbls
flour .1307 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1257
lbs ham and bacon, 49 cs hardware, 371 cs
liquors, 20 bxs lemons, 5000 lbs' pearl barley,
1000 lbs peas, 28 cs shoes, 50 cs salmon, 3267
lbs starch, 100 cs ' whisky, 3 cs 2600 gals wine.
For Japan — 380 cr bicycles and sundries. 33
cs canned goods 600 bales cotton. 8 cs elec
trical supplies," 21 bxs fruit, 148 pkgs groceries
and provisions,- 36 pkgs household goods, 1730
lbs hops, 72 ca hardware, 134 cs liquors, 1150
pkgs mining material, 46,854 feet 2413 pieces
lumber, 3070 kegs nails, 400 cs soap, ¦ 7179 lbs
sugar, 2600 lbs salt, 56,000 lbs soda ash, 25 cs
800 gals wine. • * ,
For Manila— 10 cr bicycles aiid sundries, .45
cs canned goods. 53 pkgs groceries and provis
ions, 246 cs liquors, 15 cs typewriters, 1900 cs
whisky, 200 cs 698 gals wine, 12 cs paper, 9
pkgs soda fountain, 63 cs dry color, 8 cs honey.
For East Indies— 180 cs canned goods, 7 cs
forges, 120 cs salmon, 150 gals wine. - :
For Korea— 39 pkgs •groceries and provisions,
6 fes crockery, 375 bbls. flour. ¦ - ; : v
For Vladivostok — 150 cs canned goods, I 117
pkgs groceries and provisions-, 1113 pkgs agri
cultural Implements, 25 1 cs 320 gals wine. . .
The steamer Limarl sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with merchandise
for Mexico valued at $8441; for Central Amer
ica $5513; Panama, $1323; South America, $28.
775 making the total value $42,052. The cargo
Included the following:
For Mexico— 15 cs arms and ammunition, 40
cs coal oil, 40 bbls cement, 28 cs dry goods,
310 bbls flour, 73 pkgs groceries and provisions,
20-.es firecrackers. 10 bbls >, ginger ale, 17 cs
hardware, 100 bales hay, 12 pkgs raisins, 55 cr
potatoes, 30 flasks quicksilver, 1695 gals wine*
113 reels wire. ' , ".
For Central America— 20 cs coal oil. 10 bbls
cement, 1238 bbls flour. 25 cs fire brick., 19 pkgs
groceries and -provisions, 9 rolls leather, 6 cs
oil, 7 pkgs machinery. 20 cr potatoes, 26 cs
whisky, 130 gals wine. ' .,' ,'„,
For Panama— 15 cs Salmon, 51,564 feet lum
ber. 600 cs-Eoap.. " - ., ¦-•(
" For South America— 10 cs canned . goods, 2o70
bbls flour, 300 lbs lard, 60 cs salmon. 18,039 ctls
wheat, 45 reels wire, 5 kegs staples. .300 lbs
lard.. . - ' ¦:-
.Wheat Shipments.
The German ; bark Marco ' Polo ; sailed yes
terday for Queenstown with 56,733 ctls wheat,
valued at $57,000, and 15,000 feet lumber as
dunnage valued . at J225. The British bark
Killoran' cleared for the same port with 66.
565 ctls wheat, valued at $66,565, and 16.000 feet
dunnage, valued at $340. f, .-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• . v Wednesday, April -17.
US stmr Lawton, • Magune, 32 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 24 days, and. via Hono
1U Br $mr a Do"ricV Smith. 28 days' 7 hours 45
minutes ..from . Hongkong, via Yokohama 18
days 10 hours 26 minutes, and via . Honolulu
6- days. 20 hours 38 minutes. . ,;
Stmr ' Greenwood, F agerlund, ' 42 hours from
P « mr^lantaf 6 Ana, Strand. ¦ 1 10% [ flays « from
K Strnr" Umatilla, [ Cousins,' 68 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. - .- •
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 58 . hours ; from New
port > and . way ports. ,. .. ¦ • ¦
Stmr Noyo, Thwine, ¦ 27 hours I from Eureka,
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen, .49 hours from San
Pedro, via Ventura 20 -hours.-, --j.
Bark S . C Allen, Johnosn, 2* days from
Honolulu. •. ' : ¦ ••-¦. •-: ¦*'•¦-*-¦ • .
¦Bktn' S G .Wilder. Jackson, -^18 .days -from
Honolulu. .::•¦¦ . -
THREE! OF TJ3E SUGAR FLEET— SHIP GEORGE CURTIS. BARK GERARD C. TOBET AND SCHOONER S. T. AL
- EXANDER— IN A NORTH-WESTER OFF THE COAST OF CALIFORNIA LAST SUNDAT. THEY WTLL, PROBA
BLY MAKE PORT TO-DAY. ,
' ¦;: ¦¦:- ¦¦¦¦•...-. V ¦ ¦ -
. Francisco ' Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent-
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun; Moon and Tide.
fcnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
-Times, and p Heights, of .High .-and" Low
- .Waters at Fort Point, entrance to B Vn
¦ SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed April IS— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm ' der Grosse, from Bremen, for
New York. ¦ ¦ '
CJ^iRBOURG— Sailed April 17— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm ¦ der Grosse, , from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York. . • . •
r NEW YORK— Arrived April 17— Stmr Vader
land, from Scuthampton.
. Sailed April 17— Stmr Majestic, for Liver
pool; atmr Westernland. for Antwerp.
r> ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 17— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York. . . • .
• LONDON— Sailed April 17— Stmr Menomlnee,
for New York. ....
¦ BREMEN— Sailed April - 17— Stmr Koenlgen
Lulse. for New York. • ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
t MANILA— Arrived April 'lfr-Stmr Indiana,
hence March 15; stmr Pennsylvania, hence
March 13.
MAZATLAN— Sailed April 18— Ger stmr Ta
nls, from Hamburr, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 17— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from San Diego. '
.. ANTWERP- Arrived April 15— Ger ship Ger
trud, hence Dec 28; Br.ship Musk oka, from
Oregon. ' ;
HONGKONG— Arrived April 14— Br sttnr Em
press of India from* Vancouver. -
¦ NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived April »16— Ship J
B Brown, from Melbourne; schr Golden Shore,
from Melbourne, to load for Honolulu. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULTJI— In port April 7— Ship Charmer,
schr Metha Nelson, schr Lyman D Foster.
Sailed Asrll 4— Schr Dora Bluhm. for San
Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived March II— Schr Allen
A. from Hllo.
i Sailed April 5— Schr Allen A. for San Fran-
HILO— Arrived April 1— Bark Amy Turner,
hence March 13. .,,,_. , „
Sailed April 5— Bark Roderick Dhu. for San
Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 5— Ship id > V
Grace from Sydney; stmr Sonoma, hence Mch
30; Br bark City of Adelaide, from Newcxstie,
Aus. ADril C-Br etmr Gaelic, hence Marci
30; ship. Florence, from Tacoma. April 7— U S
stmr Lawton. from Nagasaki. April %— U S
stmr Garonne, - from Nagasaki: Br stmr Doric,
from Yokohama. - April *— Bark Big Bonanza,
March 27; U S stmr Buford, hence April 1.
Sailed April 4— Stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco: Ger bark Paul Osenbers:, for Portland.
April- B— Stmr Sonoma, for colonies; Br stmr
Gaelic, for Yokohama.
To sail April 9— Bark Albert, for Kaanapail.
To sail April 10- U S stmr Garonne, for San
Francisco; H B H stmr Icarus, for Vancouver.
LAHAINA— In port April 6— Barfc Highland
• HANAMAUIiA-To sail Asril ¦ 10— Schr John
G North, for Puget Sound.
ISLAND PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived April 17— Stmr Ijuflla,
"NEW P WHATCOM-Salled April 17— Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco. '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 17— Stmr
Coronado, hence April 12.
Arrived April 17— Schr Vegra, from Sa-n Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEJY— Arrived April 17— Stmr
Excelsior,, from Valdez. -
EUREKA— Launched April 17— Stmr Cheha-
Arrived Aorll 17— Stmr Eurek*. hence April
18; schr Fortuha* hence April 8.
Sailed April 17— U S stmr Madrona, stmr
Westport, stmr Samoa and stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 17— Br bark Astoria,
f or ; Br stmr Monmouthshire.- for 1
FORT BKAGCf— Arrived April 17— Stmr Na
tional City, hence April 16. •
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 17— Bark
Carondelet, from Valparaiso.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 17— Bktn Echo,
for .Melbourne. ...
" Arrived April 17— Schr Webfoot. hence Apr 1-
CEESCENT CITY— Sailed April 17— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSENDr-Passed in April 17— Schr
Excelsior, from San Pedro; stmr Charles Nel
son, from Sk&suay.
Arrived April 17— Bark Carondelet. from Val
paraiso: Br bark Stlllwater, from Callao; Jap
stmr Toza Maru> from China and Japan, and
reported in straits schr C H Merchant, from
Salinas Cruz.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Balled April lS-Stmr
Sequoia, for San Francisco.
Sailed April 17— Stmr Mlneola. for Xanalmo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 17— Stmr Se
quoia, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed April 17— Bark Tidal Wave, for Port
Townscnd.
Sailed April 17— Sctmr Acme, for .
Arrived April -1— Schr TVm Olsen. from Grays
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 17— Schr Ma
hukona, for Sydney.
- SEATTLE— Arrived April 17— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skaguay; Jap stmr Toza Maru. from
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Jan 2S. lat 42 S, Ion 126 W— Br ship Leices
ter Castle, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Jan 28, lat 42 S, Ion 126 W— Br ship Spring:
burn,- hence Dec 1$. for London.
Feb 17. lat 24' N, Ion 22. W— Ger bark Les
beth, from Shelds. for Santa Rosalia. . ,
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Doric— The second officer was land
ed at Honolulu with smallpox. The U S stmr
Lawton sailed 14 hours ahead of the Doric
and has three cas.es of smallpox. U S stmr
Garonne was In port at Honolulu when Doriu^
sailed for San Francisco. ,.¦¦-, .
MEMORANDUM.
POINT LOBOS, April 17, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
Wednesday. April 17.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San»Dlegr».
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka, with
bktn Katie Fllcklngrer .in tow.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr China, Seabury. Hongkong.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, .
Stmr Scotia. Walvijr, .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Chll stmr Limari, Roberts, Valparaiso, etc.
Aub fitmr Marianne, Consulich, Barcelona,
Spain. • . . ¦ . .
. Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen. Chemalnus.
Ship America, Harding'. Bristol Bay, via
Nushajjak.
¦ Bark Will W Case. Anderson, Bristol Bay.
Bark W H Mack, Groth, Bristol Bay. .
Ger bark Marco Polo* Jertrum. Queenstown.
Bktn Katie Flicklnger. Zeuthen, Eureka, In
tow of stmr Brunswick.
Bktn B N Castle, Nilson, Honolulu.
Schr Abbie, Peterson, Coos Bay.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, COqullle River.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Schr Novelty, Rosendall, 6 days from Colum
bia Riyer. • ¦ ¦> ... v
CLEARED;
• - -Wednesday, April 17.
Stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail 83 Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randell, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. ' \ /
Chll stmr Limarl, Roberts/ Valparaiso and
way ports; Balf our,' Guthrie & Co.
¦Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemainua; R
Dunsmuir's"S6ns 'Co. ' *' -¦ . •
Br bark Killoran, ' Jones, Queenstownj L
Kauffman. -- . • •
Bktn S N Castle/ Kilson. Honolulu; J D
Spreefcels & Bros Co. >
'. - T ¦ ' .
Brig J D Epreckels, j Munro, 24 days from
Hllo. v ; . . . ; •'
By F- E. Mulholland.
THERE appears ; to be no obstacle
insurmountable ' by Barney
Schreiber's. Corrigan, for the
brown colt captured the Western
Foal stakes,' worth $3815. at Tan
foran yesterday-far -more Impressively
than was his yvln on Saturday last of the
rich Great Trial stake; r In this last tri
umph he had only a small field to subdue
and completed the task, like a master
workman.- He picked:up 126 pounds, and
as both Flora Pomona, and. Doreen were
h.:avily supported,- the friends of Schrei
ber's .cfilt got as gobd>s Vh to 1 against
their money. The Burns- & \Vaterhouse
folks were so enthusiastic over the
chances of their filly Doreen, with Nash
Turner in the Saddle, that she. closed a
3 to 2 favorite. When Jake. Holtman re
leased ,th*e barrier to : a pretty break the
result could quickly be foretold. Dom
inick astride Corrigan waited on Flora
Pcmona to the stretch before playing his
high card. No whip was necessary, for
long* before the wire was within reach
Corrigan had a mortgage on the long end
of the stake, winning cleverly by more
than a length in 1:01. and this in the face
of the usual trade winds that sweep the
stretch. Doreen, on which it looked as if
Turner took matters' too patiently, fin
ished third, a couple of lengths behind
the Shulte entry. Royalty, Yrsula and
Evander were never factors. , ' '\
First choices picked up some ih their
form, which has been somewhat speckled
of late, by winning three events. Dom
inick and Ransch . divided honors in the
saddle, each riding two horses that se
cured brackets.
After being placed on several occasions
Barney Schreiber's mare Foul Play finally
won a purse. She closed favorite over
Necklace for the first event at five and a
half furlongs, and beat the latter lnare
easily after taking the lead at the, bend
for home. By hard. riding Turner landed
the show with Saul of Tarsus.-
In the four and a half furlong scramble
for two-year-olds Schreiber pressed his
luck by putting a good sized' commission
down on Zirl at 4. to 5 and the crowd fol
lowed him. The black Miss led to. the
paddock, where she was nabbed by
Alounce on the 8 to 1 shot Jarre tierred' Or
and beaten two- lengths.- Ogle downed
Innocertcia for the show. ., ,
The hurdle sketch over one mile and a
half was replete with pathos and fun. It
may have looked good to some, but to
others it bore all the earmarks Of a
"shoo-in." The smart money. went in on
Hueston's ' mount, Sam Howard, cutting
the' price from 10 to 4 l A" and he won all
the way. J O C, Under half steam, got in
several blocks, ahead of Viking for the
place, the latter breaking a crankpin
vhen several leagues off shore. Delconte
on Dunboy took a header at the jump ih
front of the stand. While looking more
like a winner than the final purse-getter^
Herculean fell taking the fourth jump,
and Cairns, his rider, was severely shaken
up, besides having ills collarbone frac
tured.
For- some reason the books laid as good
as 3 against Scotch Plaid, winner of the
mile and a sixteenth selling affair. Ransch
took the lead with the Midlothian horse
when ready and won galloping from Dan
gerous Maid. Precursor dropped in a dis
tant third, while Wyoming wheeled at the
start and was left.
With MacGyle out of the way, any price
looked rosy about Bernota, and at odds
of 3 to 10 the three-year-old breezed for
the concluding mile run. Maydine, next
in demand, led out Tony Lepping for the
place.
Track Notes*
• San Francisco Jockey Club membership
buttons will be recognized by the Cali
fornia Jockey Club until the close of the
se-Kson at Tanforan.
Don Luis Teas purchased from C. Spoon
er yesterday by Keith & Patton.
Barney Schreiber sold Foul Play for 5400
after the mare won the opening: sprint.
P. J. Lynch bought Homage from Burns
& Waterhouse and will race the filly In
Montana this summer.
There was plenty of business in the
claiming line after the race won by Scotch
Plaid. Sam Hildreth's mare Dangerous
Maid -was claimed by both George Miller
and Carruthers & Shields, the latter firm
having the call because of Precursor run
ning third. The mare stood the firm $900.
In retaliation Hlldreth then claimed Sir
Hampton on Miller, getting the brown
horse for $800. Doss & Co., owners of
Parmenion, »ext took a hand, claiming
Precursor from Carruthers & Shields for
$1000.
To-I>ay's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
(2308)Foul Play 106 20C5 Novla 109
2290 Tlzona 105 2274 McAlbert Ill
2231 Un Cadeau ...103 2287 Royal Prize 111
2019 Rainier Ill 2305 William F ....10S
2283 Gold Finder ...108 1570 Lost Girl 109
2199 Louise Hooker.lu9 (2307)Canejo ....10G
Second race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year-
Olds; purse.
2303 Redan 10S 2237 Dan Collins.... 10S
2069 Lady Carlo ....10§ -2303 Irma A ...108
2238 Toil You 108 1S30 Parizade 108
2273 Graham Greenelll 2293 Minerva 108
2267 Lulette lOSl 2267 Phil Crlmmlns.lll
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
<2260)Andrattus 102 1 22S0 Bard of Avon. 102
2127 Selde 112U22S4rAda N 107
2299 Jim Hale ......102 1 2265 Sublime .107
Fourth race— Four furlongs; . maiden - two
year-olds; purse.
2237 Wandering Boylll 2082 Fred Atterburyl 02
22S7 Silesian WS 2261 Hainault- ... 108
22S5 Frank Bain ....111 22S5 Tibs 10S
2285 Highwayman ..111 2293 Achilles 1C6
2154 Pepper Sauce.. Ill • - . •
Fifth race— One mile and a quarter; four
year-olds and upward; selling:.
2264 Topmast ; 112 2222 St. Simonlan...llO
22S8 T winkler ', 107 22S8 Gauntlet 110
22S8The Bobby ....10a ¦
Directors' of Four Clubs
Convey Tracks to
New Body.
WILLIAMS GETS
CONTROL TO-DAY
Long Lease Taken on Oak
land — Tanforan Officials •
1 Will Remain.
Jake Holtman will rc?jtinue to wield
the flag- for several week? and -when he re
turns East F. E. Mulho'land will succeed"
him with the crimson.
The New California Jockey Club will as
sume full charge of racing at Tanforan on
Saturday: It is announced that no changes
will be made in the official corns or per
sons holding concessions at Tanforan dur
ing next week's racing at that track.
When the racing shifts to Oakland Judgu
Pettingill, now presiding judge at Tanfo 1 
ran, will occupy the stand with Judfro
Murphy during the absence of Associace
Judge Edward Hopper in the East. ¦ ,
Mr. Williams is entitled to take posses
sion of the Tanforan track to-morrow
• Friday), but superstition causes him to
disfavor assuming control of the racing
there on that supposedly unlucky day, so
he will take charge one day later.
Yesterday was a busy day with the turf
magnates. Their attorneys were busy pre
paring the papers necessary for the legal
transfer of the several tracks to the New
<"alifornia Jockev Cluo. During- the day-
Thomas H. Wiliiams Jr. obtained from
Mrs. Margaret Meade 3 seventeen years'
lease of the ground on which' the Oakland
track is built, with the privilege of buying
the property at the of that
time.
To-day at 1:30 Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
representing the New California Jockey
Club, will meet Prince Andre Poniatow
ski, president of the San Francisco
Jockey Club, at the latter's office and pay
to him the sum of J2»,000, which const 1 
tuteg the first installment of ihe'amoun:
to be paid for the Tanforan and Ingleside
racetracks.
Together with their attorneys the direct
ors of the old Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
the Western Turf Association and the San
Francisco Jockey Club formally put their
respective associations out ¦ of business.
Last night the directors of the California
Jockey Club assigned al 1 . its interests to
the "New California Jockey Club," the
title of the new corporation which had to
be orgranlz<?d to comply with some techni ¦
cat construction of tht statutes.
A general clearing of the local turf
decks was accomplished yesterday when
the directors of four separate racing or
ganizations met and turned over to the
new California Jockey Club their proper
ties and franchises 'preparatory to the or
ganization of the corporation which will
in future have absolute control of the
California turf.
Reserve stake, 112 entries— C. S. Appleby's
E. G. W. rk J. Carroil't Auckland: Star Ken
nels' Blackhead vs. Curtis & Sons' King Cot
ton; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore vs. D. J. Healy's
Elista; J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison vs. D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl; J. J. Kennedy's Wine
West vs. George Sharman's St. Ivep; H. H.
Grar's Rona vs. R. IS. de B. Lopez & Bon's
Sara; Lamle & Gerber's Mt. Ida vs. F. A.
MeComb's Firm Fellow; F. Jones' Lerina vs.
Curtis & Sons' Candelaria; Yosemite Kennels'
Bad Boy vs. George SUarman's Bowery Boy;
•E. Geary's America vs. J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince; T. Doyle's Nora Lawrence vs. Ker
rigan & Schendel's Kearsarge; Curtis & Sons'
Vulcan vs. Lowe & Thompson's Little Ful
lerton; T. J. Cronln's Vixen vs. Lopez & Son's
Kitchener; "W. C. Glassen's Dewdrop vs. ' J.
Cardlneir* Miladi; 3. Carroll's Master Clair
vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron; J. J. Keenan's
Blackrock vs. Connell Bros. 1 White Hat; T.
J. Cronin's Thornhill vt». W. J. Leonards' Tom
Hurlick; P. C. Bllok's May Lawrence vs.
Sterl & Lawrence's For Glory; Gold Dust Ken
nels' Brutal vs. L. F. Barters Banner Bright;
Ycsemite Kennels' Sir Van vs. Gold Dust Ken
nels' St. Michael; A. Durk's Night Time vs.
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; P. Doyle's
Thelma vs. Aeneid Kennels' Argus; D. J.
Healy's Tapioca vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; it. Welch's Isaac Murphy vs. G. Leon
ard's Sir Crawford; D. J. Reilly's Royal Union
vs. Pasha Kennels' Recording- Angel; T. J.
Cronln's Vandal vs. J. J. Keenan's Lundln
Links; K. McAndrew's Governor Mack vs.
Curtli! & Sons' Loyal Lad: J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen vs. C. McDermott's Xoe Maid; H. A.
Deckelman's Master Rocket vs. H. A. Deckel
' man's Lawi-cr.ee; P. Doyle's Liberator vs.
' Curtis & Sons' McKinley; R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's The Levite vs. Sterl & Knowles* Rip
ple: W. Cairn's Imi>erial vs. H. H. Gray's
Terronctte; Pasha Kenaels' Fiery Face vs. G.
Lennon'is Half Moon; George Sharman's The
Doctor vs.- J. Sheridan's Forest King; Ker
rigan & Schindler'8 Winslow vs. A. Vander
bern's Xaugrhty Girl; T. McCool's Fin Mc
<:ool vs. George Sharman's Black Flush: O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. J. Carroll's Red Hind;
W. C. Glasson's lone ve. P. Jackson's Golden
Russet; A. Merril's Flying Belle vs. F. A.
McComb's Little Sister; J. Cane's Greenhall
vs. S. Handy'* Twin City Girl; J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys; B. Sylva's Good Hope vs. R. E. de B.
I.rfipez & Son"s Jewess-; J. Dempsey's Jingle
Bells vs. Connell Bros." St. Helen; Star Ken
nels' May Flower vs. F. A. McComb's Motto;
W. Carher'e Mcrriwa \h. A. Van der White's
Flora McDonald; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim
vp. Star Kennels' Mailer Lawrence; Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire vs. W. Cairns' Gold Ore;
\V. J. Leonard's Daylight vs. Pasha Kennels'
Roundabout; Holland Bros.' Log Boy vs. P.
FteinhofTs Tellow Hammer: Aeneid Kennels'
Aer.-cas vs. P. J. Reiliy's The Grafter; Gold
Jhirt Kennels' Forget vs. F. A. McComb's
Royal Fashion; George Sharman's Chicago
Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; D. D.
Roach's All Green vs. Lande & Gerber's Rl
enzl; Curtis & Sons' Vagrant vs. Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon; P. C. Bllck's Yellowtall vs.
G. Walter's The Chief; Aeneid Kennels' Athena
vs. Connell Bros.* Mamie Pleasant.
The programme for the Saturday and
Sunday coursins at Union Park will be a
champion stake of sixteen entries and a
reserve stake of 112 entries. The cham
pion stake contains the strongest coursers
on the coast. The draws are as follows:
ChampJcn stake, sixteen entries — Curtis &
Eons' Rector vs. F. A. McComb'e Sir Pasha;
Yosemlte Kennels' Mos« vs. E. Geary's Palo
Alto; E. J. Healy'E Fine Form vs. E. Geary's
Ireland; Curtis & Sons' Beacon vs. Chlarlni's
Santonin: J. Dunlea's Erin vs. P. Jackson's
Honor Bright; Star Kernels' Game Boy vs. P.
J. Rellly's Warship; V. Jones' Wedgewood vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist; D. J. Healy's
Eisquoc vs. J. Morlarity's Jimmle Anthony.
CHAMPION COTJBSERS ;. . !.
DRAWN" IN BIG STAKE
ANOTHER RICH PRIZE IS PLUCKED
BY THE CRACK COLT CORRIGAN
Schreiber's Two-Year-Old Wins Western Foal Stakes
in Impressive Fashion From Flora Pomona
and Doreen at Tanforan— Three Choices Win
The trial of Robert E. Glaze on a charge
of having, murdered William Trewhella,
his partner, at the Windsor Hotel on Jan
uary 14 last," was resumed yesterday morn-'
ing. ¦ ' .¦ -..:,.. •• . . . : . ¦ .•
Juror M. Hanson, whose illness caused
the trial to be postponed for two davs,
came into court yesterday in- a feeble
condition. Owing to thu chilly atmos
phere of Judge Dunne's courtroom Judge
Sloss kindly consented tu allow his court
room to be used -for the Glaze trial, it-be
ing a- sunny,, apartment. ".
Glaze took. the witness stand yesterday
and, with composure, told his story of the
shooting of Trewhella. He testified to the
frequent quarrels between himself and
his partner, caused by Trewhella's suspi
cions that he was not being- treated fairly.
The defendant also stated how his wife
had come to his room on the evening be
fore the shooting. .. and complained that
Trewhella had treated ner roughly and in
sulted her by calling ner "a drunken
woman." .'¦:-¦;
"My wife wanted me to go down to
Trewhella's room and demand an apol
ogy," said Glaze, "and she : also wanted
me to send for the patrol wagon and have
Trewhella' arrested. I did not go down to
Trewhella's room, as I knew he was angry
and excited, and advised my wife to wait
until the next day."- -
Glaze recounted his doings on the morn
ing of the fatal day when Trewhella was
killed. He told how he had gone down
town on business anl also how he had
purchased cartridges for his revolver. -
Glaze's Version of Shooting.
"I always carry a revolver," said Glaze,
"and the man who sold me the cartridges
said it was out of order and he repaired
It. I went up to the hotel and had my
lunch. That morning Tiewhella had met
me in the kitchen and said to me, 'Do
you want to take up the side of that
drunken wife of yours?' I told Trewhella
that I /lid not -wish co auarrel -with him
and that all my wife's money was tied up
in the hotel. I told him I was making ar
rangements to buy him out, and he said;
using an oath," 'If you don't give me my
money I will kill you.' 1 went away from,
him. That was in the morning. After!
came back to the hotel and had my- lunch
I worked on the. booKs. • I had an ap
pointment with the mar. who was to iet
me have the loan on chattel mortgage.
I wanted Trewhella's signature to a doc
ument and I went to look for him. ,1
knew that he was always in the back
part of the house. I looked around for him
but did not see. him. Therias I entered the
door of the old "bakery on the alley side
Trewhella came in at the other door. He
said 'What! you here attain? I will kill
you/ Immediately I nulled my pistol and
fired. I saw something glitter In his hand.
The room ; became full of smoke'and I re
treated out into the alley. I 'broke' my
pistol and put new cartridges into it.
3>eiiies Seeing O'Connor. 1
"I did not- not know whether' or not
Trewhella would follow me up|". I did not
know he was hurt. -1 :werit around into
the kitchen, walked through It and came
into the court. Porter'; 'met: me-, as I
was near the kitchen. door and caught me
by the arm. The -bellboy, O'Connor, I
did not see until I^got.into the office. I
saw Trewhella lying' by. the kitchen door.
I thought I had hurt him: and determined
to give myself up -to- the police. I gave
my pistol to Albert Sheliey, the clerk, and
then went out with Porter to find an offi
cer. I never spoke tojO' Connor that after
noon and did not tejl hlm^to say that
Trewhella had Bhat'.'himselfi- I' honestlv
believed at the time 'I flredl.that my life
was In danger." *'¦" ¦'•.**¦
Glaze was the last witness on the stand
yesterday and his cross-examination will
begin this morning. ' ¦ • *
Mrs. Glaze was also called as a wit
ness by the defense. She testified that
on the night before the shotting she had
gone to Mrs. Trewhella's room to find out
why certain rooms had not been prepared
for guests. Mrs. Glaze stated that her
daughter Edith accompanied her and that
Mrs. Trewhella came to the door when
called. Tlv? witness testified that Mrs.
Trewhella was insulting in her manner
and shut the door in her face. She claim
ed that Trewhella came out of the room
and roughly handled her and that she was
unable to cry out for help. "He accused
me of being drunk*," said Mrs. Glaze, "and
told me to go to bed." ¦ v - . •
.The witness denied that she was intoxi
cated at the time or was addicted to liquor
or that she had ' attempted to strike the
blind mother of Mrs. Trewhella, She also
denied having forced her way into ¦ the
rooms of the Trewhellas and that Trew
hella had gently pushed her out of the
room.
Miss Edith Shelley told a similar Btory
to that of her mother, but on cross-ex
amination admitted that she begged her
mother to leave the room.
• Miss Mabel Shelley testified that on the
night of Oie shooting the bellboy, O'Con
nor, came to her mother's rooms and told
them 1 that two detectives were in the of
fice and wanted to question him, but that
he had told the officers, nothing about the
shooting. ; •
Say Glaze Was Peaceable;
J. P. Gallagher, John Morrisey, J. S.
Young and H. L. Smith were called by
the defense to testify to the reputation of
Glaze for peace and ; quietness . generally
in the community.
C. D. Davis testified to negotiating: with
Glaze for a loan on chattel mortgage on
the furniture of the Windsor Hotel. S.
Mayers also gave evidence that Trewhella
had informed him of trouble with .Glaze;
and that unless Glaze gave him his money
back more trouble would result. 1 ' '
Albert Shelley, stepson of Glaze, testi
fied that he did not see the shooting: of
Trewhella. He told how Glaze had come
into the office, given witness his pistol
and thrown cartridges on the floor. ¦ >
On cross-examination Shelley admitted
that he had advised Glaze to go out and
give himself ud.
George L. Deal, called by the defense,
testified that he was in the bar of the ho
tel when he.heardshots fired, and that he
ran down to the court at the foot of the
stairs. ¦ ¦
"I saw Glaze coming out of the kitch
en," said Deal, "and the body of Trew
hella was ¦ lying near the I kitchen door.
I saw O'Connor standing close by the
spot. • I spoke to him and asked him what
the trouble was. I think he could have
seen the shots fired from where he was
standing." " r • . :
"Have you changed yoyr mind since you
gave evidence at the inquest?" asked At
torney Foote. "Did you not say before
the Coroner that in your opinion you did
not think that O'Connor could have seen
the shots 'fired?"
The prosecution objected, to the ques
tion and the court ruled that it was im
proper.- At: the close of the proceedings
yesterday. Judge Dunne informed counsel
that -the .case must - close to-day. The
hearing will be resumed this morning at
9:30 o'clock. 5 •-. :
Tlie Accused , Man Swears
He Thought His Life
Was in Danger.
Trewhella's Slayer Re
lates His Tale of
the Killing.
GLAZE'S STORY
TOLD TO JURY
ONE TRANSPORT AND AN OGEAN LINER
FROM THE ORIENT ARE IN QUARANTINE
THE SAN FBANCISC0 CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901.
THURSDAY,, APRII* 17.
Steamer Movements.
Sun rises 6:30
Sun seta : «:*?
Moon Bets (new) 0:00 p. ra»
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
4
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, TV H TV L W H TV
18 ... 4:44 —0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43 . J.t 11:01 «.3
19... 6:31—0.8 12:27 5.2 6:27 1.9 11:41 6.3
20... 6:22-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2
¦ H W L TV H W L W
SI ... 0:27 8.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.«
2? ... 1:15 6.1 8:10—0.8 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
23'... '2:15 8.9 9:09—0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.3
24... 3:03 5.5 10:10—0.2 5:2a 4.9 10:30 3.2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Santa. Barbara. San Pedro ........_ Apr. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 1*
Koint Arena.... Point Arena Apr. IS
South Coast Humboldt Apr. IS
Australia.. Tahiti Apr. 13
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 19
Eureka. ......... Humboldt Apr. 19
Acme.. San Pedro Apr. 19
Del Norta Crescent City Apr. 19
Mattewan. Tacoma Apr. 20
San Pedro San Pedro Apr. 20
l'rogreso.. ...... Tacoma Apr. 20
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 20
Hyades..... Oyster Harbor Apr. 20
Empire Coca Bay Apr. 21
I'omona.. Humboldt Apr. 21
Bonlta...... Newport Apr. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Queen San Diego Apr. 21
Tanis.... Hamburg? & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 23
Titanla Nanalmo Apr. 2a
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 22
Colon. ..i Panama & "Way Ports. Apr. 23
Alliance.. .i Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 23
Arcata .'Coos Bay* Apr. 23
Mandalay CoquiUe River Apr. 23
Mariposa Honolulu Apr. 24
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 24
Corona... Newport Apr. 24
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
April IS. I .
Arcata '.Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Barb... Humboldt 4 pra Pier 3
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Huznboldt 9 am Pier 3
Ventura 3ydney & "Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
April 10.
Acme Tillamook Bay 13 m Pier U
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport « 9 am Pier U
City of Para.. Panama * Way... 12 mPMSS
April 2O.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Argo.., Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 3 pm Pier J
Jeanie Nome ria Seattle.. 2 pm OllWTc
Leelanaw..... >r. 7. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier Id
April 21.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Umatllla.....: Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
Santa Rosa... San DiegT> 9 am Pier It
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct 4 pm Pier 7
April 23.
Newburg Grays Harbo.r..; Pier-*
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier a
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 24.
Queen San Diepro 9 amlPler U
Y April 23. J
Doric JChlna & Japan 1 pm[PMS3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
April IS. I .
Arcata '.Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Barb... Humboldt 4 pra Pier 3
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Huznboldt 9 am Pier 3
Ventura 3ydney & "Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
April 10.
Acme Tillamook Bay 13 m Pier U
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport « 9 am Pier U
City of Para.. Panama * Way... 12 mPMSS
April 2O.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Argo.., Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 3 pm Pier J
Jeanie Nome ria Seattle.. 2 pm OllWTc
Leelanaw..... >r. 7. v. Panama. 2 pm Pier Id
April 21.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Umatllla.....: Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
Santa Rosa... San DiegT> 9 am Pier It
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct 4 pm Pier 7
April 23.
Newburg Grays Harbo.r..; Pier-*
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier a
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 24.
Queen San Diepro 9 amlPler U
Y April 23. J
Doric JChlna & Japan 1 pm[PMS3
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Santa. Barbara. San Pedro ........_ Apr. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 1*
Koint Arena.... Point Arena Apr. IS
South Coast Humboldt Apr. IS
Australia.. Tahiti Apr. 13
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 19
Eureka. ......... Humboldt Apr. 19
Acme.. San Pedro Apr. 19
Del Norta Crescent City Apr. 19
Mattewan. Tacoma Apr. 20
San Pedro San Pedro Apr. 20
l'rogreso.. ...... Tacoma Apr. 20
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 29
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Apr. 20
Hyades..... Oyster Harbor Apr. 20
Empire Coca Bay Apr. 21
I'omona.. Humboldt Apr. 21
Bonlta...... Newport Apr. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Queen San Diego Apr. 21
Tanis.... Hamburg? & Way Pts.. Apr. 21
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 23
Titanla Nanalmo Apr. 2a
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 22
Colon. ..i Panama & "Way Ports. Apr. 23
Alliance.. .i Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 23
Arcata .'Coos Bay* Apr. 23
Mandalay CoquiUe River Apr. 23
Mariposa Honolulu Apr. 24
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 24
Corona... Newport Apr. 24
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, TV H TV L W H TV
18 ... 4:44 —0.3 11:30 5.3 4:43 . J.t 11:01 «.3
19... 6:31—0.8 12:27 5.2 6:27 1.9 11:41 6.3
20... 6:22-0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2
¦ H W L TV H W L W
SI ... 0:27 8.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.«
2? ... 1:15 6.1 8:10—0.8 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
23'... '2:15 8.9 9:09—0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.3
24... 3:03 5.5 10:10—0.2 5:2a 4.9 10:30 3.2
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Is her fortune if she chances to be a Patti
or Albani, and that fortune is guarded day
and night with the greatest care. Nothing
frightens a singer so much as a ccragh.
Every woman ought to be afraid of a
cough. It is nature's danger signal. Who
does not know of some sweet woman-voice
silenced forever by disease which began
with a slight cough.
The 'use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
. Discovery will ensure a permanent cure of
the most obstinate and - lingering coughs.
Even when the lungs are involved and
there ttre hemorrhages and emaciation,
"Golden Medical Discovery " is generally
effective in restoring the diseased organs
to sound health - and strength. There is
no alcohol in the "Discovery" and it is
entirely free from opium, cocaine and all
other narcotics.
"I am feeling quite well," writes Miss Dorcas
A. Lewi3, of No. 1129 a4th Street, ¦Washington
D. C.,«and I owe it all to Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. I had been quite a sufferer
for a longtime, and after reading Dr. Pierces
Common Sense Medical Adviser thought I would
try his • Golden Medical DiacoTery.* I had not
been sleeping well for a long time. Took one tea-
spoonful of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery and slept nearly all night without cousrhiusr.
so I continued taking it. I. had been a great
sufferer for more than ten years. I tried lots of
aifierent medicines and different doctors but
did. not feel much better. I coughed until I
commenced spitting blood, but now I feel much
stronger and am entirely well."
. Tn. Pierce's. .Common Sense Medical
Adviser, 1 m paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense if mailing only. Address Dr "k. V
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
A WOMAN'S THROAT
I54r% figs and prunes, #^R"F* S'T'^V I
scientifically blended with / • \I
46% sound, well ripened I-CEREAtjl
grain, makes a delicious I /i APt , p - " w\
table beverage— the W - ****-*£ \
&m r igs and prunes, properly
roasted, will brew as quicKly
as coffee,
and the grain, treated by our method, infuses
! almost as readily. This is why FIGPRUKE
;v should be boiled from 5 to 1O minutes only.
\ v^v 'IGPRUNE^ is a satisfying substitute for coffee..':
.fand tea. Hcalthful-Hnvigorating— nutritious, ."^h^
AT ALL GROCERS ; * , j. The colonel of the Thirty-third recog
nized the passes of Colonel Rg-wles and
allowed. the three. or four merchants who
had done considerable business with his
men to enter, the camp and j collect their
bills. No blanket-tossing was attempted,
and the men of the Thirty-third leave the
service free from any fear of arrest. ¦: 1
It was different with the men of- the
Thirty-fourth. They -had procured all
the civilian clothing they needed and had
made, up their, minds to "beat" the mer
chants who had trusted them. Colonel
Rawles' passes were. not recognized and
collectors were not allowed in the camp
by the commanding: officer, and very few
men. presented themselves at the store
where the goods were obtained to pay
their bills.' ¦-¦.,...
As a result of this display on the part
of the soldiers of a desire to get all they
could for nothing: orders were issued yes
terday calling in the passes issued to mer
chants and Informing the dealers that all
credit business done in the future would
be on their own responsibility.
It was feared that a repetition of the
maltreatment afforded the merchants
during: the muster out of the . Thirtieth
Infantry would occur, and a guard of
fifty armed men was distributed through
out the camps to prevent roug:h treat
ment. The presence of the gruard, under
command of the officer of the day, damp
ened the ardor of the men and they al
lowed the civilians^to pursue their busi
ness without molestation.
The merchants who do business with the
soldiers about to be discharged at the
Presidio were given little satisfaction
or .coin yesterday. \ The' Thirty-third
and Thirty-fourth regiments were mus
tered out, and out of the hundreds of men
who purchased civilian outfits the mer
chants received about 5 per cent of the
money due them.
The colonel of the .Thirty-fourth issued
peremptory . orders to exclude . every one
from the camp, despite the possession of
a pass to enter the reservation, ' and as a
result the merchants lose thousands of
dollars. .. • ¦ . -
Men of the Thirty-Fourth
Depart Heavily in
. -
. »
Clothiers -Not . Allowed in
Camp to Collect Money
Due Them.
SOLDIERS LEAVE
UNPAID BILLS
McCarthy vs. Salsbury. Eddie Hanlon
vs. George White. Nobby Otts vs. Dan
Barry. Kid Parker vs. Dan Haley, Ted
Wolff vs. Red Kelly. George Hammond
vs. Eug Grossman. James Ryan vs. Jack
Moran and Frank Neal vs. Joe Hill.
The Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
will present eight four-rouhd bouts this
evening at the O'Farrell-street clubrooms
The following matches are on the pro
gramme:
Elght Amateur Fights.
We desire this minute to be placed upon
our records and that a copy thereof he
transmitted to the family of our late asso-
Throughout his whole honorable career.
In his early practice as a lawyer In his na
tive State of Vermont, during his meritor
ious service in the Union Army -through
the Civil War, and later in the various
responsible positions which he" filled.
Colonel Walker was distinguished for up
rightness and honor In all his dealings and
for faithfulness to duty. He was a man
of unusually large information, and his
mind was notable for the rare qualities of
fairness, tolerance and sound Judgment.
In all the important positions which he
held, as a lawyer of high rank, as a mem
ber of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, as Chairman of the Western Traffic
Association and of the Joint Committee
of the Trunk Line and Central Traffic
Associations, as Receiver of the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company,
and as Chairman of the board, he per
formed all his duties with credit to him
self and to the satisfaction of all. The
wide range of his official duties and his
cordial human sympathies brought him
Into personal relations with a very large
number of people, and he was always so
courteous in manner and so kind in feeling
that everybody who knew him became his
frier d. Sorrow for his death. will be felt
widely and with unusual sincerity, and by
none more keenly than by his asociates"
on this board.
Although it is not possible by formal
resolution to express either our personal
feelings or sorrow for the death of Aldace
K. Walker or our sense of the loss which
this company has sustained, we wish to
record permanently our appreciation of
his character and ability, and of. Ms ser
vices to this company.
The following vote was adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railway Company at
a special meeting held on April 13, 1501:
TRIBUTE TO AN
HONORABLE CAREER
Aside from the Presidential party none
but club members will attend the lunch
eon, as it is the desire of the President.
as expressed to Mr. Abbott, to have as
quiet and restful a time as possible.
The. tables will be spread in the Maple
room of the Palace. In the line of dec
oration fresh flowers, ferns and smilax
will be amply used. Good music will be
provided for the occasion. The luncheon,
which will surely be an elaborate affair.
will doubtless relieve the pressure for
tickets to the great banquet at the Pal
ace Hotel on the evening of May 18.
Preparations for the »banquet of the
Ohio Society, scheduled to take place
earlier in the week, are going forward.
The Buckeyes are planning for the en
tertainment of a multitude. According to
reports, the demand for Invitations to the
banquet simply overwhelms the manage
ment. The Ohio Society perhaps made a
mistake in not arranging for a barbecue
in the suburbs.
Making elaborate Preparations.
The league is making elaborate prep
arations to receive its distinguished
guests. Besides the President there will
be the various members of the Cabinet
and others of the President's party. It
has been arranged to have the President
leave the Union Iron Works on a tug im
mediately following the launching of the
Ohio at 12:26 p. m., and be escorted from
the ferry In carriages to the rooms of the
Lnion League Club. It Is expected that
the President will reach the clubrooms at
1 o'clock and luncheon will be served Im
mediately thereafter.
When Attorney General Ford was In
¦Washington last year he invited the Pres
ident to visit the club when he should
come to California and the President
agreed to do so. t
Mr. Abbott has returned from his trip,
and In his report to the club states that
the President has so arranged his itin
erary as to be present at the luncheon to
fcc given by the club at its clubrooms,
Palace Hotel, on Saturday, May 18, imme
diately following the launching of the bat
tleship Ohio. George D. Clark, president
of the Union League, received a message
from Washington yesterday confirming
the foregoing arrangement.
On March 16 last the Union League Club
of San Francisco sent William M. Ab
bott, Deputy Attorney General, as Its rep
resentative to Washington to formally
present to the President its invitation to
dine with the club upon the occasion of
his visit to San Francisco in May next.
The invitation was engraved upon a
golden plate and has been accepted by the
President.
Golden Plate Invitation.
The managers of the Union Iron Works
expected to entertain the Presidential
party and the Ohio delegation at the ship
yards Immediately after the launching of
the battleship, but this function has been
canceled in favor of the Union-League
Club.
TVhen the President saw the original
profiramme for his entertainment in San
Frar.clsco he was astounded at the num
ber of functions in which he was listed to
participate. In line with his suggestion
an effort has been made to give him more
time to rest. The Mexican Veterans,
Pioneers and Native Sons have consoli
datcr their receptions. The dedication of
the Donahue fountain, a function which
Mayor Phelan suggested, will occupy but
little time. The President will simply
pause on his way to the train bound for
fc&cramento to attend the unveiling.
The Sons and Daughters- of the Ameri
can Revolution have not Joined In the
function at Mark Hopkins Institute, but
will not detain the President for an un
usual length of time at the parlors of the
Palace Hotel. The Grand Army posts
have consolidated to meet the distin
guished comrade at Xatlj-e Sons' Hall and
make it easy for him.
Societies Consolidating Func
tions to Please the
Guest.
President Accepts Club's
Invitation to a
Luncheon.
UNION LEAGUE
IS SUCCESSFUL
H<» may appoint a chief deputy, who shall
receive an annual salary of J1800; two assist
ant ¦ deruties, who shall each receive an an
nual salary of $1500. He may- also appoint as
many copyists as he may deem necessary.
' .Mr. .Lloyd adds that in view of the law
the Auditor has no right to inquire into
the manner, in which . the copyists were
appointed and that if the demands • were
not paid the courts would have the au
thority to compel payment. If there' are
any irregularities in the appointments of
the employes in question the remedy, he
fu ys^, n f^J nlesal action on. the part of
the Civil Service Commission. ' '
In a letter addressed to the Civil Serv
ice Commissioners Auditor Wells cites
the opinion of Mr. Lloyd and states that
in view, thereof . he will be i compelled to
pay the demands of the new copyists as
they are presented. ' •• •
In reference to the power of appoint
ment'on the, part of the Recorder the
charter says:
All assistants, deputies and other subordinate
officers • whose appointments are not otherwise
provided for must be appointed by the officer
or body, to whom they are respectively subor
dinate. ¦ . . ,-. ¦ ¦. .
When the number of such deputies or sub
ordinate officers is not fixed by law •• it - is
limited only by the discreticn of the 'appoint
ing power. ; .. . . ...
Mr. Lloyd, in his recommendation to the
Auditor, ¦ quotes -the following extracts
from the Political Code:
I-I-l-l-l-l-l-t'H'-I-I-I-I-H-I-l-I-l-I-I-H^t
Civil Service Commission, the* members of
which requested that no payment be
made on the demands of the four copyists
lately appointed by Recorder Godchaux.
Relying upon : the recent decision of 'the
Supreme Court, the Recorder maintains
that be has the authority to appoint his
own employes, contrary to the opinion of
the Civil Service Commissioners. .
Last night the directors decided to in
stall Bosquet's successor in office to-day.
Bosquet will be handed a check for j his
salary this morning and .told that the
French Hospital will be forbidden ground
to him hereafter. ' - . •
President Dupas and his associates were
indignant at the attempt to create trou
ble, and informed the employes and
nurses that no changes were contem
plated in the working force as long as
they all attended to their duties'.
in the past few days the employes ana
nurses asked for definite information as
to when they were to be discharged,
threatening to quit work unless the in
formation desired was forthcoming. The
directors questioned the employes and
nurses and learned from them that ; Bos
quet had given them to understand they
were to be treated with scant mercy I by
the new directors.- " ¦ , .
A new superintendent will take charge
of the French Hospital in place of Mr.
Bosquet this morning, when the latter of
ficial will be asked to retire by the board
of directors of the French Benevolent So
ciety.
The board met last evening and unani
mously elected Alexander Mlqueu as su
perintendent to succeed Bosquet, who was
notified a week ago that his services
would not be required after the end of the
month.
The reason alleged for the immediate
"conge" of 'Bosquet Is that the board of
directors feel he has tried to hurt | the
hospital management by telling the em
ployes and nursing staff that in a few
days they would all be discharged. -
When the directors visited the hospital
DECIDES TO PAY NEW
COPYISTS OF RECORDER
Auditor Asa R. Wells, after mature de
liberation with his legal adviser, Attor
ney R. H. Lloyd,. has decided that he has
no right to comply with the wishes of the
Alexander. Mlqueu, the new superintend
ent, was born In the south of France and
has resided in San Francisco for twenty
one years. He came to this city when 18
years old and has earned the respect of
the entire French community for upright
ness. ¦ ' - ¦ .. >. -.'..••¦.¦¦..¦;¦••¦ ¦-¦.- ... : ¦¦ . ;¦
August Bergez was elected collector for
the society in place of the man put in of
fice by Chartrey. Dr. Dudley Tait was
re-elected surgeon of the hospital. Dr. F.
P. Canac-Marquis was elected as gynecol
ogist. Dr. M. W. Frederick was elected as
oculist, Dr. Louis E. Bran was elected as
dentist, Dr. E. R. Berges will be resident
physician and Drs. I M. Krotoszyner and C.
F.-Pawlicki were re-elected as .special
ists. ... ... . ... . .;. j.->. :. ¦ -. , -.
The nurses' training school will be re
tained until all the members have gradu
ated, the directors of the hospital feeling:
it is . obligatory to ' adhere * to contracts
made with the students. • '¦ . ¦ -
MRS. NELLJE RIVIERRE, WHO
HAS BEEN RECONCILED TO
RUNAWAY HUSBAND.
ALEXANDER MIQUEU SUCCEEDS BOSQUET AS SUPERINTENDENT
OF FRENCH HOSPITAL, THE TRANSFER BEING MADE TO-DAY
A BRIGHT little woman leading a
child by the hand and carrying a
valise walked into Captain Sey
mour's office yesterday afternoon
and announced that she was
Mrs. Nellie R*l\ierre, whose husband was
accused of kidnaping their little boy, Rey
nold from Denver. Mrs. Rivierre left Den
ver Sunday night and arrived here yester
day morning. She went straight to the
house of Mrs. Lage, lOSVi Fell street,
where the. boy was kept, but found that
he had been taken away.
Mrs. Rivlerre told Captain Seymour that
she was determined to regain possession
of the boy. They were living happily in
Denver, she said.^when her husband dis
appeared with the little fellow. Rivierre
had told her he was going, to New York
as a witness in an accident case and had
received money for his traveling expenses,
but Instead of going there he came here.
He had also •wired to her aunt, Mrs. Sarah
C. Patterson, 33 Monroe place, Brooklyn,
that she was dead, and asked Mrs. Pat
tersfin to send him $150 for expenses to
take the body to New York for interment
in Greenwood Cemetery. Mrs. Rivierre
showed a letter from her aunt, dated
April 5, corroborating her statement and
telling her she had wired the $150 to him.
He had surreptitiously packed up every
thing of value before his departure, in
cluding even the forks and spoons, and
had pawned some and taken the others
with him. '
Husband and Wife Meet.
Mrs. Rivierre denied emphatically the
charges of unfaithfulness her husband
had made against her, and said the re
verse was the truth. He had known about
her little girl before they were married,
five years ago, and was fully satisfied, she
said. As an evidence of his impecunioslty,
she said that on the day they were mar
ried she had to give him the money to
pay the minister who performed the cer
emony, and next morning. he borrowed $10*
from her. He took her to Weisbaden to
visit his parents, but they would not re
ceive him, as his stepmother did not like
him, and. he deserted her there, leaving
her penniless. A stranger had to pay her
steerage passage' back to New York and
a lady paid ¦ her hotel bill. She got em
ployment as housekeeper with a gentle
man, and about four months later' her
husband made his appearance and they
went to housekeeping again. His brother
Gaston is the famous French' bicycle rider,
and her husband on more than one occa
sion represented himself as Gaston. She
believed her husband was mentally un
balanced. • . : " • ;
Captain Seymour read the dispatches he
had sent to the Denver chief, showing
that the latter had been negligent in not
forwarding the warrant for Rivierre's ar
rest. She said she did not know what
charge was In the warrant, but thought it
was obtaining money by ¦ false pretenses.
The present chief, she said, had only been
in office for a few days, and that might
account for his negligence. The captain
thought she and he? husband should kiss
and make up, but she said she only want
ed her boy. Captain Seymour telephoned
for Rivlerre to call at his office, as his
wife was there, and he made his appear
ance about 5 o'clock. His wife was in the
detectives' room, and neither looked at'
the other. Rivlerre went Into the cap
tain's office and in a few minutes his wife
was called in. •
Stare Coldly, Tlien Melt.
After the couple had stared at each oth
er for several minutes v/ithout the least
sign of recognition the head of the De
tective Department asked Rivierre if he
did not know his wifft.
"She don't seem anxious to soeak to
me," he rather sheepishly • replied. "I'm
willing to make up if the wants to." .
""Will you promise to be good?" anxious
ly inauired Mrs. Rivierre, as" she arosn
from her chair and walked toward her
husband.' •
"I'll take care of you and our child/'
timidly answered Rivierre. "You know. I
always tried to do the right thing by
you.". ' " - .
"Come— shake hands," commanded Cap
tain Seymour.. "Forget your past
troubles and try to do rigrnt in the future."
Rivlerre . then walked over to his wife
and, taking, her extended , hand, warmly
shook it. ¦ . -.¦¦'.¦¦ • . .. . :
"Let's be friends," he said. "If you only
do what is right we can live happily in.
San Francisco." - • . > ••¦¦'.
"I am - willing to forget our past
troubles," answered Mrs. Rivierre. "for
the sake of our little dnughter. Let us call
our present troubles off." • •. . • •¦.•-
J The reunited couple then left the Hall of
Justice, followed by their little girl, ap- i
parently pleased at their reconciliation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ f^
RIVIERRES FORGET THEIR ANGER
AND DECIDE TO BE ONE AGAIN
Wife Journeys From Denver Filled With a Determination Never
to "Make Up," but in Captain Seymour's Office the Two
Conclude That Life Is Only a Blank Without Each Other
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WV I I ILmU fl
Have you got it ? .
Got what?
Why your ticket to the
Pan-American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and Michigan
Southern Rail way.
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
For ,rates and infor-
mation, call or address
GARLTONG. CRANE,
Pacific- Coast Agent New York
Central Lines, ,
637, Market Street, s
. ' San Francisco, Cal.
DR. MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Dls- @pF "H
ease and Weakness j SB& 'f
of men. Estab- SB*
lished 1881.. Consul- Wm ~^^0r^^
tation and private ywl), \ /«Xi
book free, at office 'MkIm
or by mail. Cures WmILJBBkxSB*
guaranteed. T31 f^wfiffBf'TT™ '
Market street (ele- J^*SKBBlMifflp ,
v a t o r entrance), y^Vl^l^
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
k offlce. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
"VACATION 19O1"
. .' / ¦' V ¦ ¦ ¦ •
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern. Railway Com-
pany, and Is profusely illustrated, it.' gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in' Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties, i Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
Call or write for
Whether to a mineral, spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm,; where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the, farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which "you can, in a short
walk or drive; commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream.
go this Summer
H you want to
know where to
TOURIST INFORMATION BUREAU,
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full - Information, 'hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply ' to
• 3Vi Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
• Third Annual' Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth. Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis, Tournaments.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
For. the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains . and Sea' Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all* druggists. ..
Congress has adopted the "slow-sand
system" of filtration for the water supply
of Washington.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good , hunting, fishing in moun-
tain streams : short distance from Geysers ;
dally, mail; $7 per week. Further particulars
address O. H. BLACK, Geyserville, Sonoma Co.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. ELYERANO, Cal., Verano - Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by.. Terms,
$1 per day. and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. . . ¦ - •: ; % .. • .-. •••--.
Two miles from Hopland:' best medicinal
waters, in .the -State; fine hotel ami first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O.; HOWELL, Hopland, •; Mendocino Co.. CaL .-'
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Oakland Off lce T 54 l San Pablo A v«.
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
GREAT RESULTS
can be achieved in laundry work when
you have the "know how."
- From years of experience we've gained
the knack of affording careful . dressers
just the proper finish to their linen— the
finish that conforms to, the tastes of good
society. . Others s may attempt it— we ac-
complish it in every bundle we send out.
No saw edges.'; . . . . * • . • .
WIT I AW DiVH former . proprietor W.
fflLLUn HAIKU Crandell— A summer home
In the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Cruzt
running .water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit,' home, cooking. -table speaks for itself.
For particulars, TULET & ILir*". Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages-
hunting and fishing: artificial lake for boating
and swimming;' long-distance telephone; camp.
ers" return tickets, $2 if-; open the year round.
Send. for circulars.-- ¦ .
[] J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal
SUMMER HOME FARM,
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
mm. ii
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Crui, in heart of the mountains: among
the redwoods: first-class accom.; very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croauet
and '- amusements: dally mail: new improve-
ments; our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. Fnunrt trip campers to Glenwood, lncl.
stage,- $3 «».'.. Frank 'R.-Dann. Santa Cruz.=
An opportunity to procure Pillow, and
Cushion . Covers for your summer home.'
NINTH AND MARKET STS ,
Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
of UPHOLSTERY GOODS; which will
be sold at reduced rates.
CHARLES M. PLUM
UPHOLSTERY CO.;
Aching Teeth
Delay; Busi ness
ASA; MATTER OF ! FACT, HOWEVER
teeth never ache— it is the -nerves. Never
mind, call it what' you • like, we : can ¦ cure ¦ it <f
"We will: save the achera, if possible. That'ls
if ¦ you • wish. ¦-, Or will extract ¦ them . without
pain. --t' Fine dental osrork for^little : money.
Extracting • '••'•-• .....'....$¦ .50
Painless. £.xtractln£. '.'.. ...... -'l.OO
Geld FiJHng'.. :...:. ........ ............. 1.00
Silver-.?.; •••••' ".............. -^.50
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST.; JAMES. '»
Finest Equipped Hotel In" the State.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. ( Will hereafter be • open the
year round. Bus meets -II o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specail attention. For rates and par-
ticular? address HOTEL K-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley, Marin Co. ' Cal. ' T ' . :
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game-. Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery st.,
or address O. Vf. R. TREDWAY, Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County, Cal. •
CiEWBROOK,
THE GEYSERS, &E~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATTT-
ral steam baths; swimming. - fishing, hunt-
ing and. livery. Write for pamphlet, fl
WERTHEIMER. manager.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OP MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth street. City. '•
Proprietors.
The only place In the United States wher*
Vichy "Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Eaths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. ¦ > J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
VICHY
.HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for th»
care and training of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. Tent2»
year begins August 6. Send for catalogue.
IRA G. vHOITT. Ph.D.. Principal.
M'OST ATTRACTIVE PLACE ET LAKEJ
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
r.nd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
SKAGOS HOT SPBINGS gra^«°25£
from San Francisco; but 9 miles* staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hath in State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; flrst-clasi hotel and stags
service: mornlnar and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only 53 50. Take Tib-
uron terry at 7:39 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Term*.
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any gneat
of the past six years. For further infonna-
toln address J. F. MULGRETW. Skaggs. Cal.
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumno
Big Tree Grove. Oh My and New Inspiration
Points, El Capitan, Bridal Veil and Tosemite
Falls. Staging 2Va hoars first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. 'WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
DR. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best campins, picnic and pleasure re-
cort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complains,
rheumatism and catarrh in the wrrld; 44
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. V.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021^ Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. ¦ If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the placa to go.
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful placs
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12. $14,
$15 and $16 per. week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st., and . see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasura la
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
"WARNER.
On T y Three Hours' Staging?
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
iftlllll GOLD DUST does
i/llllu\\ I \\\\\\ most of the work that
\^ffillll\\\ \\m\W\ yoxir mxiscle hQLS to
_^^^™* "It " "
COME TO-MORROW I
C^^l^ -And get Summer Shoes for your Boys and B
V^^\\3 Girls at prices that .ire mighty little compared* P
; I Yb ' w 'ith 'what's in them. ¦ Friday is our special bar- H
/ Jolh' £ a ' n day- ¦ fl
ftw MiST c-,? oys ' Tan Calf I ' ace Children's and Misses B
ll\ >\Sk, Shoes, strong; and neat, Tan Calf Lace Shoes H
¦ feh/N. VOV not clumsy. ', made like mamma's— H
' vafe. >t\^5v broad soles — extended * W
X^kN^v Eizes 9 t0 13 Sl.»-"» Sizes C to 8 SI i<> H
' \. a^V. Sizes 131J to 2 l.«O Sizes 8V£ toll -1 Ao B
t i Country orders fillci when received not later |a
""^fc* than ; Saturday noon. Our Policy: "Money back- Bj
if r:ot as srood as we say." " JS
K'AfTFlVi'B'AlVrW'Q FORMERLY" LUCKE'5 I
¦tV/\.UFJyiAi>IJ>l Q 832 MARKET ST. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.' Local . merchants are again pleading • with the city
government to pay its mst debts. Mayor Phelan oughr
» t. make, an assignment of his authority to some per
son expertenough to exercise it with discretion.
Reports that Dewet is mentally con
tinue.to jcorrie from British sources in' South Africa,
but" it is.to be noted that he, has still sense enough' to
outwit the generals. the British send to. catch him.
There is a report that Rockefeller is trying to get
control of all the copper mines in the world so he
can raise the price of copper cents and make a money
issue that will put free silver in the shade.
Reports from Kansas are to the; effect. that since
January I the sale of keg beer in the State has de
creased 75 per cent, while the sale of beer by the case
for home use has increased proportionately. The
saloon may be closed, but the home is still happy.
would h? P t Ply t0 a prIvate corporation
?hown V ?£ SO contrar y to the tendency
shown in the municipal history of all im
ftself D a "S*??,- and also to resfcS for
»Wnto?c ! pro^ tab I e 1 . BOUrce °* income.'^-
paS 607. PP y Ot the CIty cf New York -"
qnriX O1 t C ,? nsl^? r - Mr. Editor, that the
Der 1 M a A ley i^ ate T Woi *3 collects $211
SJUV felons for water-more than
York fl^X^^ C03t tO the P e °P le ot N^w
evereMh iTf service-and that for
?£t n^ dolla p r lcvle d on the peooleof San
E?u ™V°? *, ax , es an ad <««ona! half do£
lar is collected for water, you will ce-
ihat th C ° me °K, er to our slde and demand
triat the exorbitant charges of the Spring
Valley £e reduced by the only practica
ble method of doing so— that is. by tha
municipal ownership of our water supply.
In conclusion, Mr.- Editor, permit me to
thank you for your kindness in allowing
me this space to express my views on mu
nicipal ownership and to subscribe myself
yours very truly. - *
CHARLES WESLEY REED
San Francisco. April 17, 1901.
and approved by the corporation counsel,
to sell to the city 200,000,000 gallons of
wa.ter a day for forty years at $70 a mil
lion gallons. The Merchants' Association
and the City Comptroller, Bird S. Coler,
demanded that time be given to show that
the contract, was inequitable and fraudu
lent, and that under municipal ownership
the price would be far cheaper.. The con
tract was set aside by a court of equity
on the showing made by the "Merchants'
Association after a long and arduous com
pilation of the city's records for the past
sixty-six years. The. Merchants' Associa
tion was able to show that the cost of
water to the city of New York In 1898 was
only $29 07 per million gallons, and that
the Ramapo contract was a gigantic fraud
by which the city of New York would
lose $145,000,000 In forty years. In the re
cent State election in New York the Ra
mapo contract was an issue; all parties
were " pledged to rescind the powers and
privileges of the Ramapo Company and
to remove every restriction heretofore
Imposed by hostile legislation against the
extension of New York's municipal water
supoly. These reforms were favored by
the 'people of New York, and it was only
the other day that laws accomplishing the
desired results "were passed by the NeV
York Legislature and signed by Governor
Odell. ;~ " • ' '.«¦
. In the report ; of the Merchants' Asso
ciation on the Ramapo contract they
show that "from January l, 1832,-to De
cember 31, 1898, the city of New York made
a capital investment of $86,359,562 09 for the
construction of water works. It expended
during that period, for' interest charges,
-maintenance and operation $66,544,245 3S ;
the aggregate earnings were $88,017,329 72;
the total net proflt3 were $21,473,084 34."—
"Water Supply of the City of New York,"
page 6.
They recommend that, ."the policy of
supplying New York City with water by
contract should be opposed by all lawful
means."— "AVater Supply of the City of
New >York," page 23.
And finally they say: "The financial
history of the New York water supply, as
well ¦ as the ' water • supply ; of Brooklyn
alike, demonstrates that, considered mere
ly • as a financial investment, city owner
ship and. control Is profitable and exceed
ingly advantageous. There is, therefore,
no reason for. reversing the policy which
has been - pursued for almost seventy
years. ¦•-¦• • For New York. now to re
sign in whole or'ln part the control of its
; The : total exports of the country for the eight
months ending with' February show . an , increase of
more than $95,000,000 over those of last year. It is
enly in the export of manufactured goods that there
-.When to those differences in the showing made by
the statistics for the two years there is added the fur
ther fact that our exports to China have been cut
down about 50 per cent by the war it-will be seen that
the figures of exports to foreign countries do not give
a fair basis of comparison or measurement *of ; the
progress, of our export , trade. The jdeclirie in the
Chinese trade is clearly, only a temporary one. As
soon as peace is 4 established in that country and trade
is resumed it is probable we shall have an export trade
to the Chinese" market which will far exceed that of
the past. ' ..': ' . -:-.-. .;. v .
, It appears from the summary given out that the"
total exports to the Haftaiian Islands in the" fiscal year
1900 were $13,500,060, and to Porto Rico over $4,500,
000, making a total "'of 'more than $i8,ooo,oba The
shipments to Porto Ric&ithis year are 'known .to have
largely increased over those of last year, and it is pre
sumed there has been a similar increase in shipments
to Hawaii. . Neither of thole shipments, however,
figure any longer in om- foreign. exports. It is ap'par
ent, then, that upward of $20,000,000 of actual ship
ments will not be included in the official statistics
this year, though "sent to countries that have hitherto
been classified as foreign. ,
The Bureau points out- that there are three reasons
for the apparent decline in manufactured exports.
r.The exporters engaged in. commerce with the Ha
waiian Islands are now' refusing to furnish to the
Bureau of Statistics the statements of-their exports-as
in former years, holding that their exports are no
longer "foreign commerce," and that therefore the
Bureau has no authority to require the usual state
ments which the law authorizes with reference to
commerce between the United States and foreign
countries. 2., The exports to Porto Rico are now
separately classified and: no longer included in the
general statement, of foreign commerce. 3. The ex
ports to China have temporarily fallen oft one-half
by reason of the unsettled Conditions in. that country.
EXPORTS OF MANUFACTURES.
SINCE there has been some comment on the de
cline in the value of American exports of
manufactured gooo* as compared with those, 1 of
last year, the Treasury Bureau of Statistics hasltaken
occasion to point out that the figures which on their
face show a decline are misleading. ¦ When the total is
made up for the.year the showing may be less than
that of a year ago, but when all things are taken into
consideration the -result will not be so bad as it
seems. „ r >
The time .has come for cities and counties of Cali
fornia tornake known tlieir resources and advantages
The; Southern .States have; been doing an extensive
amount of ) advertising ¦ of recent 'years and have de
rived a benefit from every dollar, spent in that way.
The attractions of California are so much superior to
anything. the South can^ offer to "either business men
or. pleasure-seekers that if 'they were made known
throughout the East we would profit .to an-- even
greater, degree than the South ' has done. At any
rate. it will be worth while for our progressive coun
ties to take note that'thousands of . well-to-do Eastern
people are i migrating in search of new .homes and to
take' steps to attract them to California.
In view of the migration the action of the railroads
in offering low rates for excursions to California is r a
trost i timely one. It will help to v draw to' this State
many home-seekers who .might otherwise never : have
thought of coming here. We are thus put, so far as
rates of transportation- are concerned, on something
of an equality with the Northwest and the South, and
it will be largely our cwn fault if ' we do not gain
from the movement a desirable addition to our.popu
lation;-." V ; ¦ "
• It is noted that there isa considerable difference
between the home-seekei c- , of the new migration and
those who moved West in former times. The earlier
movement was made up mainly by men in search. of
Government lands; which they could obtain under the
homestead laws. As a rule most of them were com
paratively moneyless. Some of them had to mott-.
gage their land for money to buy farm implements
and stock, or for food, supplies until they could raise,
and market a crop: The present movement is made :
up of people of some means.. They expect to buy
land . and have, the money for - doing so. '-.. Moreover,\
many of the home-seekers of the. past were inexpe
rienced men, who came West only because they could
get land for nothing. They.knew little about farming,
but counted on making a living until their farms , be
came valuable and then selling them when there were ¦
110 longer any public lands in- their neighborhood.
The home-seekers of to-day are men of experience.
They understand their trade and are therefore ; likeiy
to be much more successful than their predecessors. ."
OUR Eastern exchanges announce that not since
the early eighties has there been such a migra
tion of farmers and other home-seekers from
Ih'e East as is now going on.- A continuous stream
of them flows through. St. Paul to the Northwestern
States, and almost as many are moving to the South
ern States either to engage in farming or to take pan
in the upbuilding of manufacturing industries which
have recently formed so important a feature in South
ern development. -
THE MIGRATION OF FARMERS.
WHEN the President and his party leave Call- .
fornia they will go north, and after other steps
will sojourn in Montana. The programme- for
their entertainment in the mountain State is sugges
tive of some omissions in the itinerary provided for
them in California. .
They arc to have a restful stay in the Yellowstone
Park, which is made the chief feature of their enter :
tainment in that part of the country-
As enjoyment is heightened by contrast, they will
be abundantly prepared for the pleasures of Yellow
stone natural scenery by the strenuous life they must
pass in California. The numerous functions, receptions,
dedications, unveilings, anniversaries, dinners, ! ban
quets, presentations, launchings, speeches, addresses,
iiitroductions, greetings, processions, -pageants, pa
rades and pleasures arranged for them here will make
tl«e change to a contact with nature and imposing
scenery most grateful and agreeable.
Perhaps it would have been better to have had
more variety in the California programme. A chance
to see the Yosemite Valley at its best has been over
looked. Around the valley "are the Government's
first and. greatest timber reservations, which require
far more attention than they get. To have an oppor
tunity to see these forests would have pleased the
Secretaries of Agriculture and of the Interior, for they
both have official, relations to the materiaL questions
which are among the reasons for the forest reserve
policy. - ..-"....
The President has vjrited the Yosemite, but. the
members of his Cabinet .have, not seen that grea:
natural wonder.
We are impressed tliat it would have been more
agreeable to. the visitors and more beneficial to the
State to have given them more time to see rural
an.- natural California. What part of the State is
artificial has features in common with the artificial
everywhere, while what is natural here is not com
mon, but individual, as it is grand and charming.
Seen in retrospect, back along the line followed by'
the existing programme, California will seem like a
long line of tables spread with food, a procession of
dress suits, a medley of "Dixie" 'and "Yankee
Doodle," a long-dra-ATi-out speech of welcome and
farewell, all framed in fatigue and indigestion.
By contrast Montana will be a delightful perspective
of waterfalls, bosky dells, meadow reaches, clear
streams, brown-nosed wapiti and moose and shuffling
bears made tame by protection from the hunter.
'As all that man can do by art must be limited by
the resources which are provided by nature, perhaps
a more symmetrical conception of California would
have been made possible by giving a better chance to
sec that which is natural:
Our northern neighbors in the ambitious States oft
Oregon, Washington ?nd Montana seem to realize
this more fully than we have, and they put less stress
on formalities and functions, Jess on the proud dis
play of leading citizens, and more upon making an
impression by giving a chance to their natural scenery
zaA resources.
They will have an easier time, for there is neither
vanity nor vexation of spirit in ; nature. She has no
uncertain code of etiquette arfd no disputes as to
p:ecede'nc"eand' place, reither "does she want an of
fice or seek to influence legislation! Therefore na
ture is such a restful person to meet on a trip like
this- r
THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT.
'That the sum of $500,006,000 demanded from China
by the powers is excessive to" the extent of being ex
tcrtion is known'to all the world. JIf the demand is to
be enforced it should, be done, frankly, in the name
of conquest and no further attempt should be made to
keep up the mockery of a High, Court of Nations to
arbitrate international, disputes. = An [hypocrisy which
deceives nobody is something like an insult to intel
ligence,- and as, . affaics.are.no w goingjijrr'.the field of
international politics the continued /existence of: the
tribunal called into being by the Peace Conference at
The -Hague merely serves ¦ to excite, derision and in
jures rather than advances the cause-of arbitration.
Such, being the case the High Court- of Nations
stands before the world ?s a representative of imperial
hypocrisy. It can have no other signification than
that. Should it _ ever assemble- the grave dignitaries
who compose it could hardly refrain from laughing
,in. the faces of one cnother. The members would
doubtless be treated with respect by. the community in
whose city they met, for all of, "them are men of such
personal merit as. to command respect, but no one
could have respect for, them as a court. Their meet
ing"would be but a banquet and a. vanity, and would
hardly count for more in the -history of civilization
than a masquerade at q,ome imperial palace arranged
for the entertainment of a visiting monarch.
It happens that there is now, before the world an
international question of the utmost importance, and
therefore one that might rightly engage the attention
of the High Court.*. The powers .have disagreed con
cerning the extent of the penalty to be imposed upon
China by reason of wrongs, done during the Boxer
insurrection. Six of the- powers, Germany, Austria,
Italy, ; Spain, Belgium and Holland, are in favor of
demanding an enormous indemnity. The United
States and Great Britain are opposed to such a de
mand, while Russia, and France have not as yet de
clared themselves. The 'situation presents exactly the
sor* of issue thatthe High-Court could properly deal
with. It is not a question between any of the powers
and China; it is'a question between two parties
among the powers themselves, and consequently
there could be no loss of dignity v should the' matter
be referred to the tribunal in which all are repre
sented.
Of course the question will never go to the High
Court. The powers prefer to settle it out of, court.
Each will insist upon the right to exact what indem
nity it chooses from the Chinese and will not leave
the subject to arbitration even though the Chinese
are to have no representative on the boat d of arbitra
tion;
\ ~ Nations." All the great powers of the earth
have representatives in th e. court, and t each member
is a, man of the first rank as a statesman, diplomatist
or judge. Having formed such a court it would seem
to be the proper thing for the powers to now show
their .willingness to make noble use of -it. There
is no reason why a tribunal bearing such an august
title should be ignored by the very authorities that
created it. ' .
THE HIGH COURT OP NATIONS.
Q S an outcome of the famous Peace Conference
/ V at The Hague there was formed an interna
- - : tional tribunal known as the /'High Court of
expired he has, also become one of the foremost ad
vocates of municipal ownership of public service in
dustries, and city governments and the corporations
upon which they' propose the bestowmertf of franchises
such as those. from which he gleaned his millions have
come in for his unsparing denunciation.
In this propaganda he has not hesitated to quote
his own case as an example,-rior to declare that he
took advantage of the s-ituation to get hold of all the
valuable franchises he could operate.
This holding with the hare ' and running with the
hounds has given him a great vogue with nearly every
class, of fad.hunters in' the country. He is intellec
tually very bright and alert, with a rather charming
personality and manners, and of ready and interesting
speech. , - • ~ - r
He is' the only enormously rich man who is held to
be equipped for a Presidential candidacy. His advo
cacy of municipal ownership endears him to the pus'n
in all; large cities; for that gentry look lustfully for
wzrd to theperennial picnic which will come when
all public utilities are in public ownership and politi
cal control. On the other hand the theorists who
think that under public ownership street cars, will back
up" to every man's door like an opinibus, and that the
mere transfer of control to the public will sweeten
bod water and make clean that which is muddy ; and
that destruction of private property in land will dress
¦the ragged in gorgeous raiment, hail him as the evan
•gelist of the new heaven and the new earth to be.
- In addition to this he supported Bryan, free silver
and all that was advocated by that fallen star. So,
why is he notMn line as to- all the past follies
of the party and representative of all its possible fol
liestd come? - ..
The success of such candidacies as Bryan's and his
depends upon a majority of the people, seeing things
darkly throughthe same glass. The land-owners must
unite in the desire to pay all the taxes or give up their
holdings to. others' without consideration, and others
must admire Mr. Johnson's great fortune while ap
phuding his denunciation of the means by which it
was gained. While it is impossible "to conceive that,
a majority of all the people will combine upon the
purposes of which he >s the expression, it does not tax
anybody's credulity to believe that' there are enough
such people to control a Democratic national con
vention and nominate him.
That party refuses to see that a majority of Ameri
cans will not favor state communism. It is true that
Mr. Johnson gets a" large audience wherever he
chooses to advocatehis theories. But so does Prince
Krapotkin when he appears. as the'apostle of anarchy
and proclaims its doctrine of all property for every
body. •. In his audiences is a percentage of believers
in such a distribution, and another percentage that
comes from curiosity, and still another which would
stoutly refuse to apply his methods to political and
social conditions in this country but sympathizes vwith.
anything that 'will smite to death the Russian- policy
of repression. -\ " -. * r; '•,
Zz it will not avail to plant hopes of political suc
cess in the policy of extremes. • Americans are a level
headed people and believe in the order. established by
cur constitution. ¦ . . ; v '¦ > :
THE same electrical spark that carried the news
of Tom Johnson's election as Mayor of Cleve
land; Ohio, took along the.announcement'that
he would be a, candidate for Senator, for Governor
and President, and the same was received with a show
of enthusiasm among the Bryan Democracy/
Mr. Johnson is the" most interesting business and
political freak now on the stage. He is a' multi-'
millionaire. His enormous wealth was gained by
securing advantageous franchises for 'street railways
in many cities. It is in bonds; .'stocks and other se
curities, all gilt-edged. Some years ago he became
a single taxer, and has won fame as a platform
speaker in favor. of releasing stocks, bonds and se
curities from taxation snd putting all, public burdens
upon land. Since the death of Henry, George he is
regarded as the head of that school which hopes by
single ¦ tax to destroy private property in land by
rr.akingit pay all the cost of government, all inter
est on the public debt, and also all the interest upon
private paper securities, since land in some form and
use must then bear all the burdens, which will finally
rest upon real property. f-U
Since his interests in street railroads have largely
MORE FREAK CANDIDATES:
Z To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: In
an editorial appearing inr « The iCall on
March 16 of this year you say "the feeling
in favor of municipal ownership has long
been, cherished "in the United States, Taut
has never gained any Impetus from ex
amples of that policy in this country.
City ownership of water supply in Boston,
New.Tork and Philadelphia has existed
from the early appearance of the neces
sity for a large supply in those cities.
But apparently neither in the quality of
the supply furnished nor in. the economy
of its storage, conduit and distribution has
it afforded a quotable example. | So the
earnest advocates of the system resort to
foreign Instances of its institution."
In another editorial, on April 3, you
again attack tbe principle of public own
ership. You say; "but as in Europe every
instance of municipal ownership and re
duction in-ratea has been accompanied by
a larger reduction in wages, it is entirely
proper to inquire whether in this country
tnei-e will be any exception. Before ex
periments on a large scale are undertaken
It Is well to know whether public owner
ship, to S realize the expectations of the
economists, must result in lower wages
for the labor employed. • • • :' People
are drawn to the support of public owner
ship by the belief that it will reduce the
earnings of capital. But if it reduce also
the earnings of labor, as a public_economy
it- will be'a failure."
¦The warning conveyed by The Call" is
that public ownership is experimental,
that it has never been tried successfully
on a large scale in the United States, and
that when It shall have been so tried the,
Tvages of labor will be materially reduced.
The history of municipal ownership In
the United States does not support the
position t)f The Call. Municipal ownership
of water works is now the rule in .the
United States.' Instead ,of being in the
experimental stage it has been well sea
soned by long and successful experience.
The water supplied is Cheaper than that
supplied by private corporations; the
wages 'of laborers are generally higher in
municipal enterprises than in those con
trolled by private capital; the price of the
service rendered is uniformly less than in
privately controlled- corporations, and,
lastly, the city of New York, which . is
quoted by The Call as an example against
the policy of municipal ownership, is the
strongest and most conclusive example of
the success of municipal ownership found
in. the United States, and perhaps in the
world. :¦:-¦¦ ' ; ¦ .¦- - - ¦
Of the fifty largest cities in the United
States only nine have water works under
private control. Those cities are San
Francisco, ]Vew Orleans." Omaha,' Denver,
Indianapolis, New Haven, . Paterson,
Scranton i and ¦ Memphis. Fortv-one to
nine is the Judgment of the American peo
ple in favor of municipal, ownership of
water ¦ supplies ( if, the experience, of the
large cities Is conclusive. .
In this rega'rd the Merchants' Associa
tion of New York savs: "The experience
of other municlualities In the United
States as well as in ether countries shows
an almost continuous tendency to substi
tute publicly * owned -water svstems for
private, a tendency so uersistent and so
universal and of such constantly increas
ing force that the wisdom, in the public
interest, of the policy of municipal owner
ship and control ' of - water supply would
seem established . by abundant experi
ence.. •• ¦ ' . ¦ ¦• . • " ¦.--¦•.
"In 1800' there were sixteen plants In op
eration in the United States, of which fif
teen were private and one' public. Since
that time fourteen cf the fifteen have
become public. ' ¦ . ¦
"At the close of 1896 there were In thd
United States 3196 water works. Of these
1690 were under public control, 14S9 under
private control, 12 were under 1oint con
trol and of 5 the ownership was unknown;
in other words, in 1800 6.3 per cent wera
public, 93.7 per cent were private. In 1896
53;2 per cent were public, 46.5 per cent
were private."— "The Water Supply of the
City of New York," published by the Mer
chants' Association of I\ew York, page 20.
The advocates of municipal ownership
of water supplies rest firmly on the ex
perience of American -cities. We who ad
vocate it in San Francisco point to the ex
perience of other cities *>.3 the justification
for our position. What all other Ameri
can cities are doing is surely wise for us
to do. . ". -. •• • ; ¦ •
The next point is that -water suppliedrby
cities ; is cheaper. than that supplied by
private corporations. Individual instances
prove . nothing, but tho ! average of all
American cities does. The merchants of
New York say on this point: "The cost to
the consumer is almost always less under
public than under private, ownership. The
average cost per family .throughout the
United States is, for public, $21 55; for pri
vate,'. $30 82. .That is, privately supplied
water costs about 40 per cent more than
that supplied -by municipalities."— "The
Water Supply of the City of New York,"
page 21. ¦'-
It is the same with electric lighting.
AVhile there are sorpe instances of dismal
failure, ' the average cost of lighting is
from 10 to 15 cer cent less under public
than under private ownership in the
United States. City Engineer Grunsky
has recently filed elaborate plans- for
lighting the city of San Francisco with
electricity. At the present time we are
paying 35 and 39% cents per arc lamn per
night, according to location.' but if the
city owned its own plant the cost would
be only 24' cents "per night. The plant
would also furnish power to run the city
elevators, the city sewage pumps and the
Geary-street railroad.
Take the experience of Chicago. City
Electrician Elliot, in a recent interview in
the Chicago News, said: "The feasibility
of municipal ownership is nowhere better
demonstrated than in Chicago". There are
larger • municipal plants', abroad j selling
products to citizens, but nowhere In the
world is there a street-lighting plant of
such dimensions owned ,by a municipality.
Thirteen years ago it was established to
serve 105 lights. To-day 4300 arc lights are
being operated within a territory of sixty
six square miles, at a saving to the city" of
$40 a year on each light, j The plant Is worth
$1,350,000— a larse amount when one con
siders that by the end of the year the
plant will have paid for itself. So, you
see, Chicago leads • the world in one de
partment of municipal ownership." •
In regard to the wages of laborers in
municipal enterprises,, the fourteenth an
nual report of the. United States Commis
sioner of Labor is authoritative. I quote
from a review ot this report appearing in
"California Municipalities" for October,
1900, at page 73: '.:
'.'Water rWorks— The general conclusions
may be stated to be:
"Municipal plants pay smaller salaries.
"Municipal plants pay higher.wages.
-"Municipal plants produce more cheaply.
.""Municipal plants sell water cheaper.
"Ga"? Works— The conclusions on the sub
ject of: gas works are similar, to those on
water works. .
','Electric Lighting — The." conclusions
from these tables are: : ,.
"Municipal plants expend much less in
salarleg. -" <=-.- ¦-- -
"Municipal plants expend a little Jess in
wages. , ; . .
' -"Municipal plants charge less for lights
to private users.
. "Municipal plants furnish their own ser
vice for less than do private plants."
, The statistics compiled by the Commis-'
sioner prove that the municipal ownership
of water and gas works results in in
creased wages to labor. .while the munici-'
pal ownership of electric plants results in
slightly less wages to labor. ' Yim are
therefore. right in regard to the nfunicipal
ownership' of electric enterprises, but that
need not -affect us - in San Francisco, for
the policy of the city government has al
ways • been in 'favor of the -workingman
and the' charter provides that $2 a day
shall be the minimum wages -or laborers.
The last point I : desire to make is that
the city of New. York, popularly supposed
to be the worst governed city in the
United 'States, is a shining example of the
success, of j municipal ownership of water.
New York is par excellence a boss-ridden
city, where machine. politics are the only
politics known,': and where vice flourishes
like a green bay tree. The recent report
of j the Vice Committee appointed to in
vestigate ;the conditions under which vice
is Drotected in New York shows that over
$3,500,000 is - paid, every year by the law
breakers of New .York for immunity from
arrest and prosecution. ; If municipal own
ership should. fail anywhere it should fail
in New'; York, and the failure should De
complete and damning. • , -
-What' are the facts? - .
- New, York • has v always ¦ owned Its own
water system. -It* has developed with the
growth of the city, but recently the pop
ulation of New .York and the consump
tion of water " have , Increased so rapidly
that a water famine Is a serious and dis
tressing possibility. Foreseeing this con
dition of affairs the Ramapo Water Com
pany v secured ' control <¦' of ¦ distant '- water
sheds and actually had a contract signed
by. William B. Dalton, Commissioner of
Water SuddIv for the city, of New York,
The Call \ dees not hold ¦ itself responsible j for
the "opinions , published In this . column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
OBSERVATIONS
ON MUNICIPAL
OWNERSHIP
¦ Summing up. the" subject the Bureau says: /'It i«
quite probable/, in view of i the : facts ; above ( outlined,'
thatthe record; of exports 'of domestic 1 manufactures
in the, fiscal year iooi ¦ may show an -apparent reduc
tion, though the fact" that more than $20,oooiboo worth
otactual shipments from bur ports which were for
merly .counted as foreign commerce no longer ap
pears in these statements will account for. the reduc
tion, which . will thus l>e more apparent than real." . V
is any. evidence of a ; decline. : It is to bejbofne in
mind, moreover, that; in addition to the causes -given
for the seeming- decrease there is another to be found
in the diminished prices of manufactured articles.'
.— v.-* - - - - ¦ •- '. --- - - -
IX.— The Pace That Kills.
There .used to be an old and learned
professor in Bellevue Hospital, New York,
who was wont to say that the two great
causes for the'downfall of man were whis
ky and * women. This was the Bellevue
point of view.- For, mind you. Bellevue is
situated east of First avenue and runs full
to the river front. Here, close by the
swirling waters of the East River, are
the pavilion, for the insane, the alcoholic
ward and the morgue." Here is the end
of the pace that kills. Sometimes It is
the shrieking maniac in the pavilion for
the insane; sometimes the frenzied drunk
ard in the alcoholic ward,' and "sometimes
the bloated face ami the swollen body of
the unknown 'lead floating with the tide.
But always the long and narrow compart
ment under the vaulted , dome of the
morgue, . the city's great safe deposit of
the dead. C , * , *
Over, in Fifth avenue they say it is wine
and women. But in First avenue it is
whisky and women. Some' of the victims
have gone^both courses." They have had
their wine and women In Fifth avenue
and their whisky and women in First ave
nue. By nd possibility, however, did any
man going the pace that kills take the
First avenue course * and follow it wltn
the Fifth avenue course. The descent
from Delmonico's and the "Waldorf-Asto
ria to the Olive Tree Inn and the Munici
pal Lodging-house for Homeless Hen is
always easy and often quick, but there is
-no ascent In the pace that kills.
One Who Had Gone the Pace.
One day I went into the alcoholic ward
in Bellevue Hospital and saw there a
woman whom I had known when men
courted her as an acknowledged belle in
the highest society and whom the world
had subsequently accepted as an actress
of talent on the metropolitan stage. She
was suffering from an aggravated case of
what First avenue . calls "the jimmies."
From sparkling wine at diplomatic din
ners in the nation's capital to late sup
pers in Broadway in New York. City, to
habitual drunkenness, • to consequent Im
moral recklessness, to opium, s to a place
in the alcoholic ward, a charge upon the
city's charity, were the successive evolu
tions of her pace. that killed.
There she lay, ¦ a . shattered wreck; her
beauty gone, her keen Intellectuality
eclipsed, and all the charms that had
brought men to her feet vanished. Just
the ugly -hull ot a woman whose mind was
besotted and whose soul was dead. Every
effort was made to help her, and she final
ly recovered sufficiently to go out of the
hospital. But Jt was only to come back
again,' drunker, if possible, more depraved
and more hopeless than ever. She had
gone the pace that kills. She had fallen at
the end, borne down by the inevitable re
sult.
Waiting for the Inevitable Result.
There is always somebody on Fifth ave
nue attracting the attention of the town
by exploits in fast living. There is money
galore and feasting and frolic and the
high-headed self-pride in the hallucination
that the pace can be gone without the
killing. The well-trained habitues of Del
monico's, who always keep the curb on,
raise their eyebrows in temporary inter
est. ¦ The motley crowd at the Waldorf-
Astoria stares as at another exhibit of the
circus. The painted frequenters of the
upper Broadway restaurants chatter and
gossip over their midnight suppers about
the star. But Bellevue waits in silence.
It knows nothing . of what Is doing on
Fifth avenue or Broadway. It hears noth
ing: of the feasts, the frolics or the follies.
It cares nothing for the wine or the wom
en or the song. It .Just, wafts, certain in
•the end it will get ,what:.is left after
Fifth' avenue and -'all-* 'the intermediate
steps between that aristocratic thorough
fare and First avenue have been gone
over by the victim of the pace that kills.
And there is usually nothing left but a
dead body, or a dead mind in a diseased
body. .,-
The pace that kills, however, does not
always begin on Fifth avenue. It some
times starts on the Bowery and .never
reaches higher uptown than Twenty-sixth
street and the East River. It sometimes
starts on the far east side or the far -west
side, and the police patrol wagon or the
Bellevue ambulance comes after its victim
before he or she has ever reached the
great backbone of- the city.
• Nor does- the pace always begin with
wine. It sometimes, starts with whisky,
and there is a tradition in Bellevue that
First avenue whisky is far quicker and
more deadly in its action than Fffth-ave
nue wine. But wherever It may start, and
with whatever it, may start, whisky and
woman appear somewhere in the course.
And whisky outlasts everything else
among the death-dealing agencies that
produce mental, moral and physical dis
integration. " . -
A Paca Open to All Comers.
The weaknesses of human nature are
confined to no class of men. Wealth is
not necessary. for the pace that kills and
poverty is no .bar to it. Knowledge is not
a'preventive and Ignorance is. only an ac
celeration. Health sometimes prompts it
and disease is often its excuse. Gentle
« birth and careful training only stimulate
it In some instances, while common origin
and coarse breeding are accepted by it as
welcome variation. In the parlance of the
race track— it "plays no favorites." The
race is open to all comers,' and no-ques
tion is raised as to pedigree, age or previ
ous performance.' The nominator can make
his own regulations. He can go the long
course 'or the short course.-over the flat or
the hurdles, as he chooses. The only con
dition Imposed is that he shall keep at it,
and in the end the prize shall be his. For
to every one that goes the pace that kills
and keeps at it there is a prjze — the prize
of shame, disgrace, demoralization, death.
There is no need of preaching about it.
Tor centuries good men have inveighed
against it from- the pulpit and the ros-
trum. Learned scientists _ have written
endless books against It. Saintly womert
have uttered their most devout prayers
against it. And yet It goes on and will go
£L There Is a germ of degeneracy Inman
kind-that develops under all conditions,
and for which no remedy has ever been
found or can be found, «« development
is sometimes slow and sometimes fast. But
unless a check is put on It. in Its early
stapes the end Is always the same-tha
madhouse or the morgue. ¦ ¦
Gathering tlio Ghastly Harvest.
The department of public charities of
the city of New York Is the dumping
ground of the refuse humanity of the sec
ond greatest city In the world. Here are
deposited those creatures whom no other
agency will eare for.. The sick, the pau
per, the inebriate, the idiot, the epileptic,
the paralytic, the insane. Hundreds of
these come every day. The gate of the
public charities is always open. -and no ono
its refused. Each day. too. Is gathered the
city's dead. From the rivers, from se
cluded corners of the parks, from llttla
rooms In obscure hotels and from meager
apartments of poor tenements are gath
ered day after dtiy those to whom life was
not worth living 'or whose end came in
such poverty that their only chance cC
interment was the potter's field.
It Is grewsome fruit, and, lying there
one above the other in the compartments
of tha_jnorgue, each corpse Is the dumb
witness of some life tragedy, sonfe driv
ing on to death from which In the end
there was no escape. If one were to tako
from this granary of the dead individual
cases and trace them through all the steps
that brought them to the morgue, ona
would find that directly or indirectly the
end was due to the pace that kills. The
same is true of New York city's 10.000 in
sane people and of its countless feeble
minded idiots and epileptics. - Somewnero
at some time somebody has gone the pace
that kills, and not only has plunged him
self into destruction, but has carried oth
ers with him or has left seeds of dissipa
tion that have'sprung up after him. -
I never go through the morgue but that
I feel that abo^e its door should be writ
ten: -
f THE WAGES OF- SIN IS DEATH. T
I never visit the Idiots, the feeble
minded, the epileptic and the crippled
children in my department but that I am
reminded that the sins of the father shall
be visited UDon the child. I never see
decent old women, come weeping to the
alirhouse but that I am sure there is a
relentless fate that mixes up the lives of
men and makes the innocent suffer with
the guilty.
The Hope" of Fetter Things.
But while the germ of degeneracy may
not be eradicated or even regulated, there
is no doubt In my mind that its effect can
be minimized and that through the active
agencies now at work it is being mini
mized. ¦ There is always the fool to be
parted from his money and there is al
ways that impetuosity of temperament
that must be < periodically appeased
whether it manifests Itself in drink or
gambling or any other form of dissipa
tion. . But statistics will show, I believe,
that urban peoples are better to-day th;».n
at any other period in the world's history.
The pace that kills is a vice that cornea
with civilization and its accumulation ol
wealth and its prevalence of poverty; foi,
as the fortunes of a few men increasa
the fortunes of many men decrease, ami
the fool without money goes the pace
quite as disastrously to himself as the
fool with money. Some men go It because
they are rich and some because they are
poor, some because they are well and
some because they are sick, some because
they are happy and some because they
are. unhappy. Their attitude 13 much, the
same, as that of the man who drank In.
cold weather .to keep himself warm and
in -warm weather to keep himself cool.
As I said before, the germ of degen
eracy works In all kinds o* people and un
der all kinds of conditions. But with the
advance of civilization there has come a
conviction on the part of students of
municipal government that !n municipal
government attention Is given rather to
effect than cause. New. York City spends
princely sums of money in taking care of
criminals and paupers. It shouldpay more
attentitm to the causes of crime and pov
erty. It is better to remove the cause of ill
ness than to take care of a person suffer
ing from an illnesa as the effect of that
cause. It is better to prevent a man from
becoming a criminal than to lock him up
after he has committed a crime.
To Improve Hsalth and Morals.
Municipal government should not only
remtve temptation as far aa possible from
the weak, but it should work for clean
environment of Its people. It should re
form the dwellings of its poor. It should
regulate it3 tenements, as well as ita
{rambling houses and dens of vice. Not
that the morals of the tenement are nat
urally worse than the morals of the man
sion, but that in an overcrowded tenement
there are more dark places in which crime
and filth can find a foothold than in the
mansion. Give all the people light and
air and sunshine and their morals will im
prove with their health. Crime hates the
light. » With cleaner places to live In and
cleaner environment for all the people
there would be lesa use for hospitals and
prisons. The pace that kills would st!!l
continue, but to the wheels of the chariot
of the fool .that goes it there would be
chained fewer victims and there wouM
also be fewer fools to emulate his ex
ample.
The f river must still give up its d»nn
the Inebriate and the madman must stili
come to Bellevue: Fifth avenue wine ami
First avenue whisky rauat still be drunk-
SP^^ 03 * ' m .°. re . slnne d against than sin
ning, must still have her part in it all
But if cities went. more to the root of
things than to the branch, to the cau-e*
?wl lme a £ d P° v , ertv than to the effects.
£«*i wou W.be less of human suffering
and less of temptation to go the pace that
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared 'by-Experts and Specialists for
. The San Francisco Call ..
Dangers That Face RieU and Poor
; Who Do Not Guard Against the
Tendency to Intemperance -in Life
ByJolin^ Keller.
COPTKIGHT. 1901-
THE SAN 'fKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; A/PRIL IS, 1UO1.
THURSDAY.. ...APRIL ifr 1961
JOHN'D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. * -
Liirtn All Communications t» W. B. L5AKE, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. Telephone Presa 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.- .
EDTTOItlAI, ROOMS..... 217 to 221* Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«f 2O2.
DeltTered by Carrier*. 15 Cents l*er "Weelc
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Ma.ll. Inclndfnsr Postages. ".
ZiAXUT CALL. (including Sunday),'one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). « months..' •••• ! -°°
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). J months l.M
DAILT CAIJ>-By Single Month tSe '
•WTCEBXT CALU One Tear - i- 00
All postmasters are anthorlzed to receive
subscription.*. .',-.-.' -¦
Bample copies will be forwarded when requested.
_ Malt, subscribers In ordering: chanre of . addr»B« should^ be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In: order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 'Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGJTESS.
Ku&gtr Foreign Adrertiti&g, Ku^vitta Building, Oaletg).
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.") ;. ' >"-
NKW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CARLTOJT Herald Square
• '¦'¦¦•¦:¦:?', -*k
NKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
8TEPHE5 B. SMITH. ...' 3O Tribune Bnlldlntr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square ;
Murray Hill HoteL •:-.;'
--..i CHICAGO -STEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
6
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace HoteL*
Cal. glace irult 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
To dream of changing a $1000 bill Is a
sure sign that you will wake up and find
yourself without the change. "
- ¦ ¦
\ Axe You a Buffalo?
. You cannot go 'to the tan- American Exposi-
tion "at Buffalo for "eleven cents," but tha
comfortable trains of the Nickel Plata Road,
"The Buffalo Short Line." - which leave Cil-
cagro at convenient hours for all Coast con-
nections, carrying unexcelled Mickel Plata
Dining Cars. In which American Club meals
S. 1 '!*"^?? at , p r lcel !. var y* n S *rom 33 cent3 to
J1.0O. will satisfy the most fastidious Bock
free showing Pan-American Exposition Views
JAY W. -ADAMS. P. C. P. A. 37 Crocker
building. San Francisco. Cal. * uroc * er
- ¦ ¦ ' \ * ** *
Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repu-
tlon of Dr. Slercrt's Angostura • Bitters, un-
equaled South American tonic. Refuse imitation.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call Bnbscrlben contemplating a change of
mldeaee dnrlnp tbe summer months can h»v«
JbrJr paper forwarded by mail to tbelr "new
addresses by notifying The Call Bnainess Office.
Thin paper will also be on sale at nil summer
rennrta and In represented by a. local agent In
all towns on tbe coast.
- . „¦
A HrrfHTJIWF! TJ'l'R.
1 Grand Opera-house— "East Lynne."
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
California— "The County Fair."
Central — "Julius Caeear."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheran— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Oh Susannah."
Olympla. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenioe-
Fischer's— Tanaevllle. *V; " -V
Mechanlcs* Pavilion-Art Exhibition.
t Recreation Park— Baseball.
Tanf oran Park — Races. ; . . ¦
AUCTION SALES.
. .
By G.' H. TJmhs<?n— This day. at 12 o'clock. Business Prop-
erty, at 14 Montgomery street.
By S. Wat kins— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, Buggies,
etc.. at 1140 Fo!>om street.ago he and a gang of Eastern criminals
visited this city and cracked several safes,
securing: much money and many valu
ables. Subsequently they ¦went to Sacra
mento and blew open at least six safes,
Including the one in the furniture store
of a man named Comstock, who was then
the chief executive of Sacramento. Green
returned to this city about two years ago
and after cracking several safes- was ar
rested, but was shortly afterward "released
tor lack of evidence. Green and a woman
whom he claimed as his ¦ wife were ar
rested in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Novem
ber 25. 1892. When searched twenty-flvt
valuable diamonds were- found in his pos
session. Green broke jail and escaped
TWO EASTERN CROOKS WELL
KNOWN TO THE POLICE
THROUGHOUT COUNTRY.
The Government is represented by
United States Attorney Woodworth, who
has advanced the theory that the identi
fication papers taken to China by the
parents of Fong Wa Due were. stolen or
sold, and that the applicant has been sub
stituted for the boy who left here four
years ago.
The case was accordingly postponed In
the first day's examination, a week, ago
James and John Brownlee, who were ac
quainted with the real Fong Wa Due
swore that they were not sure whether
the applicant was he or not, while Snerift
Savage and J. Wieneger testified posi
tively that the applicant was the real
Fong. Two life-sized bust photographs
one of the applicant and the other of the
real Fong— were submitted to the inspec
tion of the Judse.
As the evidence Against the application
of the boy to land began to pile up Attor
ney Worley, who appeared for Fong, be
gan to grow more and more indignant.
ttlB cup was full when Pong Shing of
Vallejo testified that Mr. Worley's clfent
was not the Fong Wa Due, his young rel
ative, whom he had seen every day In
Vallejo prior to his departure for China,
but his cup of woe spilled over when Mrs.
Charles Orayson and Mrs. Minnie Ford
swore that the applicant was not the
Fong Wa Due whom they had taught in
the Chinese Mission School at Vallejo,
and the lawyer very excitedly announced
that he would prove to the satisfaction
of the court that a conspiracy existed to
keep the boy out of the United States.
"I will give you every opportunity to
prove the existence of a conspiracy," said
Judge Heacock. "Do you mean to say
that you propose to show that these ladies
here are parties to that conspiracy?"
"That's what I mean," replied the law
yer confidently.
"Then," said the Judge, "I will continue
this case until next Wednesday to allow
you an opportunitly of proving your as
sertion."
: A lively scene was enacted In United
States Court Commissioner Heacock's
char^bers yesterday during the habeas
corpus proceedings in the matter of the
application of Fong "Wa Due to land.
Fong is 11 years old and says- that he
was born In Vallejo and that he went to
China with his parents four years ago.
Fong Wa Due's Attorney
Creates a Sensation
in Court. v
WORLEY CLAIMS
A PLOT EXISTS
From the report of the census bureau
the following statistics concerning the oil
refineries of California are taken:
Number of establishments, 4; incorporated
companies, 4; capital, J477.G18; land J46 810
buildings, t26,S13; machinery, tools etc J3ln
987; live capital, $88,008; salaried employes li
total salaries. $17,600; superintendent^ ma":
ayers, clerks and salesmen, 14; salaries !2' -
803; wage earners, 53; wages, $42,453: miscel
laneous expenses, $15,785; taxes, $3261. Materials
used: Total $489,989; crude Petroleum, 339 863
barrels, costing $405,150; acids, alkalies and
sulphur, $27,912; coopers' and carpenters' ma
terials, J399S; tinners' materials. $125; barrel
cases and tin cans, $5277; fuel, $35.62lMnill supl
piles, $50: all other materials, ' $1826- freleht
$10,000. Products: Total' value. $C97 877-11
lumlnating oils, 45.849 barrels, valued at $170 -
066: fuel oi!s, 84,240 barrels, valued at $98 237*
residuum, 20,299 barrels, valued "at :JS3 927- £11'
atfine ells, none; reduced oils. 2052* barrels"
valued at $10,262; ¦ greases, lubricating 4fc
9452 barrels valued at $20,840; naphtha' and
gasoline, p7,a95 barrels, valued at S201209- all
other products, $148,291. ?-«*.«».. au
The Oil Refineries.
The move of the oil companies In Shasta
County to have the lands upon which op
erations are proceeding withdrawn from
homestead entry has met with favorable
response from the General Land Office.
It has been decided to form a Shasta
County petroleum miners' association for
mutual protection. Directors , from the
several companies have been" appointed as
a committee on permanerft organization.
The Redding Searchlight" says that the
application to have the lands withdrawn
was made to head off scrippers, and adds
"It was- suggested that a rifle corps be
kept ready to take the lleld if oil is struck
and influence jumpers not to jump."
The Napa Journal reports that a
stratum of oil sand has been struck in a
well In Capelle Valley, on the Pierrat
place. An oil seepage has also been dis
covered in another part of the valley. The
oil strike was brought about by Mr..Pier
rat and the Johnson brothers, who were
working with a small well-boring appa
ratus.
"What well In the local field Is the most pro
ductive Is largely a matter of opinion, but
there 1s no question that the Rlley hole out in
the middle western extension is the deepest yet
drilled In home territory. The Rlley well was
begun several- months ago on the west Elde of
Western avenue, a little south of the Pellle-
Blcr Tract. It was started with 11%-lnch cas
ing and has since been s»nt in 1680 feet. With
in a few feet of the bottom the large-sized
casing has been used. Although no oil streak
ha* been found, the showing since the 1500
foot level has been a light shale in which
traces of oil have appeared. In the first 1000
feet seme trouble was caused by water sand
but since that depth the hole has been free.
It Is the intention of W. G. Riley, the owner,
to send the drill In 2000 feet. If oil Is not en
countered before. Should a strike of note, be
made the find will bo one of the most, signifi
cant credited to the home field in many
months, as It will open up a new line cf de
velopment.
The Los. Angeles Times says:
Drilling a Deep Well.
The Crocker-Huffman Company Is about
to drill for oil on company land a few
miles southwest from Merced. The mate
rial for the derrick Is on the spot. Some
years ago gas was discovered to be Issu
ing from the ground. The well will be
placed near, the gas leakage.
The shipments from the Kern River dis
trict last month, according to figures fur
nished by the railways to the Bakersfleld
Callfornian, amounted to 1290 carloads, or
193,500 barrels, being at the average rate
of 6250 barrels of oil per day. "It has
heretofore been estimated," says the Call
fornian, "that the wells now completed in
the district can deliver 15,000 barrels daily,
but a large operator has made figures
showing the output to be 30,000 barrels. If
the railroads fulfill their promises It will
not be long before there will be ample
shipping facilities, and then the district's
production can be measured at its full ca
pacity. As the conditions now are it ap
pears that the railroads are able to han
dle only about one-fifth of the yield were
all the wells producing." .
Seek Second Sommerland.
Prospectors are searching for oil on the
beach Just west of Port Los Angeles, in
the immediate vicinity of the town of
Ventura. The* > Ventura Free Press says
that there are numerous spots in that lo
cality where the gas has been lighted and
remained burning for some time. There
are also oil springs, seepages, deposits of
brea and beds of gilsonite and asphaltum
In Innumerable places. The prospectors
hope to find a second Summerland ocean
oil field.
Henry Ach says ihe oil producers" will
reach a final conclusion as to their course
of action within a fortnight. The general
committee will meet Soon again and begin
the work of putting t;:to the best shapo
possible the plan that they receive In- the
shape of recommendations from the sub
committee.
The deliberations of the oil men still
form the most Interesting theme connect
ed with the oil industry In California.
Since the conferenca In the Palace Hote!
the work of trying: to get all producers to
gether In some sort of an agreement that
will be a measure of mutual protection
has been progressing-. The sub-committee
that was appointed to prepare a plan to
submit to the general committee has prac
tically completed It's work. Now the mem
bers are waiting 1 to hear from oil produc
ers suggestions as may be offered. The
facts are so. well known and have been
eo thoroughly discussed by the producers
that It Is not probable there will be
any necessity for a radical departure from
the conclusions of the sub-committee, al
though there may be changes In some,/ of
the details. A corporation will be formed,
the capital stock of v:hich '1b not yet de
cided upon. The mail purpose. is to regu
late the price and distribution of oil.
In addition to the producing companies
there are many others that are drilling or
getting ready to drill that are equally
concerned. It Is unquestionably true that
the Interest In the outcome of the pending
deliberations is intense in all sections of
the State where there is either an oil fleM
or ihe Indications are favorable f«r the
discovery of oil. Chairman Henry Ach i:t
confident that something •will be accom
plished for the benefit of the oil Industry.
Those associated with him on the commit
tee are equally confident. Something must
be done. That Is the general verdict.
Producers Making Progress
Toward Perfecting
Their Plan. V
"Week Is Likely to Bring
' Benefit to the Oil :
¦ .- Industry.
UNITED ACTION
IS THEIR HOPE
Ship Clerks' Association No. S947 was
last night installed In the American Fed
eration of Labor by National Organizer
J. D. Pierce. Two delegates — Messrs.
McManus and Murphy— were appointed to
the San Francisco Labor Council. Messrs.
Putnam and Rowell were appointed de'e
gates to the Water Front Federation.
Ship Clerks' Association.
Xlck Canilla. who is employed in his
brother's fruit store at 160 Fifth street,
was charged before Judge Mogan yester
day with disturbing the peace. The com
plaining witness was Miss Annie Castro,
dress-maker. S37 Howard street, who testi
fied that Canilla on several occasions had
used vile language through the telephone,
she and his brother being on the same
"party line." Tuesday night she tele J
phoned to her sister at 1634 Fell street
and Canilla cut In with vile language In
Italian. Another sister was with her and
heard the same language. Then Miss
Castro slipped round to the fruit store
and saw Canilla standing at the tele
phone. Her sisters corroborated her evi
dence. The case was continued till to
day for the defense, and the Judge In
creased Canilla's bonds to $500.
Used Vile Language.
and as there was no evidence against the
woman she was given her liberty. • ¦ •
Merrill and Green are known as the
cleverest pickpockets in the United States.
As a warning to other Eastern crooks
who Intend to arrive . here at ¦ the same
time as the President and his party. Cap
tain Seymour intends to use every effort
to convict them of robbing the son of
the wealthy Klondiker.
That the meetings of the Board of Edu
cation cannot be conducted without some
unplf-asant Incident was again demon
strated yesterday when President Kln
ca'd took occasion to administer a severe
rebuke to Deputy Superintendent of
Schools Kingsbury. The trouble arose
over the taking under advisement of a
ref-olution presented by Superintendent
Wcte-ter oesignating the subjects in
which the City Board of Examination
may recommend applicants for social
certificates in accordance with a Dill en
.ictea by the last Legislature.
During the recess of the board Kings
fourv appeared on the scene, carrying:
seme proof? of a printed circular contain
ing information regarding special certifi
cates. When informed by Mrs. Kincaid
that the resolution on the Bubject had
be»n laid over Kingsbury remarked that
it would delay the printing of the circu
"Ytur printing!" explalmed Mrs. Kin
caid. "What is your printing to us? Of
courre It will delay It, but it is much more
important that the board should consider
the matter before adopting it.
"But ;.-ou do not understand me, ven
tU<r Oh J vc" gS I did "understand you." replied
Mrs Kincaid. "The printing Is very Im
portant." And with that the offended
lady turned- her back to the offending
K "The "board imagines that every meas
ure Introduced, by the Superintendent s
office contains a bug." said Kingsbury
alter he had discreetly retired. "Now. I
was placed in a peculiar position _ with
Mrs Kincaid in our wordy skirmish. If
Fhe were only a man I could have talked
backT .but as it is I discreetly kept my
P< The resolution contained the various
subjects for special certificates as here
tofore granted, with the elimination of
ancient and modern languages and kinder
garten work. "
The board also took under advisement
the petition of taxpayers along the ocean
beach, between B street and the Ocean
Hcuse, that a school be provided for their
chi'.dren south of Golden Gate Park. Mrs.
Thomas McMulhn addressed the board in
behalf of the petitioners and said that
there were forty-three children of school
age who were compelled either to ride on
the electric cars or walk three and a half
miles to school. .
-. The Board of Public .Works was di
rected to proceed with the work of im
proving' the plumbing in the Buena Vista
and Franklin schools at a cost of $1435.
although Denman opposed the plan, as
the charter provides that contracts in ex
oeps of $300 must be awarded to the lowest
The time for receiving bids for the
leasing of pchool property at Twentieth
and Kentucky streets was extended to
llaj- 1. -
Deputy Kingsbury Re
buked by President
Kincaid. .
BOARD AGAIN
VENTS ANIMUS
p»s-j-=aHE two crooks, who were caught
I } Tuesday night while "working" a
I crowd at the entrance to the Or
11 pheum Theater, were yesterday
. identified as- Joe Green, alias
Henry Hundall. alias Ha.tha.way, alias
Fairchild, and C. II. Merrill, alias Pleyn
nlds, alias "Rock-Getter Charley." Both
Lhe men are experienced Eastern crimi
nals, with long records. They left Chi
rapo a short time ago, intending to remain
in this city until the arrival of President
McKinley and his party and then ply
their "graft." Seeing a large crowd in
front of • the Orpheum Tuesday night,
Sreen and his companion proceeded to
"take off a few stones," as Merrill ex
• pressed It. F. C. Berry, who is the son of
the Klondike millionaire, happened to be
in the crowd. He wore a valuable dia
mond stud in his shirt bosom. Green pur
posely stepped on his foot and while Berry
Ftaried to argue with him on what he
termed His "Impertinence," Merrill re
lieved him cf the diamond. Berry did not
know of his loss until Detectives Hammill
and Reynolds, who had been watching
lireen and Merrill, stepped up and placed
them under arrest. They were accom
panied by two other crooks, who man-
T" aged to make their escape. •".
Yesterday Beiyy visited police head
quarters and positively identified Green
£s the man who ha3 stepped on his foot.
Both men were then booked on charges
of erand larceny.
Green is well known to the police of
every city in the country. Several years
THE SAN FRANCISCO
Pickpockets Who Stole Berry's Diamond in Front
of the Orpheum Identified as Joe Green and
C. H. Merrill, Crooks Well Known to the Police
VELVETY FINGERED GENTLEMEN
OF NATIONAL NOTE ARE THESE
ER
7
Evenings at S. ' Matinee Saturday at 2. ;
"YOU .SPILL. MISS A GREAT TREAT"
' ; IF YOU. FAIL TO. SEE
THE
* M 61 B H H I " ¦* ¦ si ' uiiy . Cs
•' . ¦¦'¦¦¦¦ "HqOT /HON."
It Crowds the Theater Nightly.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON.7
POPULAR' PRICES. ....:...... 25c and BOc
1 Telephone — Bush 9. •
" r, EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.'
; - MATINEE SATURDAY.
- NOW PLAYING TO THE CAPACITY OF
OUR VERY WALLS. . - V
NEIL, BURCESS,
' ' • ' AS "
ADIuAIL rnUC . : , production of
THECOUNTY FAIR
To-morrow Efenlng— "JOCKEY NIGHT."
EVENING..... 25c, 35c, BOc, 75c. *1 00
MATINEE. 2Sc. 50c. 75c
Next Sunday Night Charles H. -Yale's
"THE EVIL EYE."
VAUDEVILLE EXTRAORDINARY.
Franceses. Bedding and Co., Horace
Goldin, Barbareschi and- Castel-
lano, Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gass-
• man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great' Americpji Biogxaph.
Farewell Week of
TschernofE's Famous Dog Circus.
- Reserved Seats,* 25c;' Balcony, 10c; Opera
Cho Irs and Box Beats, 60c. . ¦
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday.
I* .ft I 1 1 US B$ 8 il SAS FRANCISCO'S
bULUm^lA LEADING THEATRE
LiST 4 NIGHT3. HATINES SATUBDA7.
Blanche Walsh
. In the Imperial Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
The most* gorgeous production ' known to' the
stage.
This attraction will not appear in Oakland.
The Columbia will be dark during the weeks
of April 22 and 29, owing to the Illness
of James K. Hacketi and the can-
; eel la t ion of his tour.
. Reopening- . May 6 with > Herns' s .
"SAG HARBOR.'*
GRAND OPERAHOUSE
EVERT EVENING* THIS WEEK.' 3
MISS FLORENCE STONE AND JACK WEB-
¦ • STER in a Successful Revival of
LYNNE!
Prices— 10c, " 15c, 25c, 60c. A Few, Seats I3c.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and Suriaay
Matinees 25 Cents.
' Branch Ticket Office Emporium. \
Next Week — The ¦ Great Eastern Success,
"UNDER TWO FLAGS." Florence Stone as
Cigarette. > ' -
MtBrrf * * mm mvm mm^ v? \ n.
fl u. ¦r U E3- E\ T tJ Sir 7 Jk S
« JSki : » ¦ wy. BmJrx ¦ n Em ~\ r
Funniest Farce of . the ..Year.
MATINEES. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. -
Made all New York laugh.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR NEXT WEEK.
New York's Sensational Comedy, '
"THE CONQUERORS."
BEIASCO AmaTHAieSjfojtfWE?
T^SaS-S*^ ¦ , »^ etnmcnrHAu
ro.NIGHT and Evary Evening This Week.-
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Week • Engagement . America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
And a Powerful ' Cast, Including the Popular
» Actor, MASON MITCHELL, in Shake-
juLiysliffiSAfe
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary
7 ' - Masniflcencci ¦ >¦
fOO— PEOPLE ON THE 'STAGE— 200
PDirCC EVENINGS...... 10c, 15c, 25c, 36c. 50c
tnlCCO MATINEES .......We. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "A FAIR REBEL."
rtf YIUI¥*1 A *BQY ST..
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE . SHOW
I . IN THE CITY. ! ;-^v
ROSCOE and SIMS,
Musical Artists. .nj'yi;
ROUSELL AND HOWARD,
. • Acrobats Extraordinary. ' ¦ "
MABEL HUDSON,
A . Favorl tie jj Whose ' Popularity Never * Wanes.
QUBRITA VINCENT,
San Francisco's : Particular .. Pride.
ANDOBR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. \
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
! ADMISSION FREE. . '
GHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL TO'NIGHTI
THE AMATEURS
Fat People's Cakewalk
Telephone for ¦ Seats.'. ........... ...... ..Park 23.
BASEBALU
Thursday and Friday. "Ladies 1 Days,"
att" 3 »i5 f>.^ m; *
LOS ANGELES>s OAKLAND.
RECREA T/OAT FARKi.
Eighth •"' and Harrison 'streets. .
FISCHER'S co^i|^-o^o^H:
'. -Daniery and ¦ Bancroft, ¦ Laura • Lopez, ' Jack
Symonds. Agnes Fried, Tom Mack, Moll and
Karl, -¦ Leota - Howard and , Melville , Coakley.
Reserved* seats, 25c. Matinee. Sunday. •' . ¦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l.m« nuil »r« «!.««. to nrrit* »•
man ritAN«:i»«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Streel)
hat* — From April 14. 1901. '— abkivb
7:8Oa Benicia, Sulsuu, Klmira, V»c»tlllo, '
' Bamsej and tiaorainento 7i"J3f
. 7i3tUD»Tis, WooJlaad. Knights Laadlnj,
_ MarraTfll«, Orotllle_ lillM
7i3oi Atlmntio Kxpnss— Ogden and Esat 13iS3r
81UWA Mutiuez, S»u!taniou. Vallejo. N»m,
CklUtoga ami S»nt» Rosa 7. „ o i«3 9
8:00a Utertaora, Stockton, Haiifotd, Vli»-
li», i ortert Ilia 4t24>
¦:00a Kilt s. Lithrup, Merced, fteciio, Ba-
knsflfld «i33#
S:8Oa Shusa Kxprrss— DarU. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, lt*i -
Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
• iSOa Sail Joae, ' Lherraore, Stuck ton,
lone, Sacramento, PUccrtills,
MuntiTlllit. Chico. lte.l lllnft 4:2.1r
- S.ao* Oakdale, Chinese (Tosemite). Bo-
nora, Oaxten. 4:2.1*
»|O»* Hsjwards. Mlts and Way SUUods. 11:53a
fiittOA Los Angeles Exjirew — Martinez.
,. ; .; -. -.. Tncj, Lathrop, rtuwkton, Merced
Freauo and Lot Angeles 7:534
•>&•• Vitllr]o. Mwthicx am! Way SUtlon* (J:-'>.ir
IOiUOa Thn Of erKurt Llniiied— OgJeu, D«n>
Ter, Omaha, Chicago CiD4t
tliOOr*3i»Cri4iiniiit(> i:ifsr,itt)'iiu«rii f3iOi»4
S:SHr Ha;<r>rd», NUti and Way RUttnni. 7:33r
S:3(> r Port Coita. Martl&ez Lathrop, Mer-
ced ; Beresda ( Yosemli e). fcTesao- 7 «23»
-tiOOr Benicia, Winter*. 8aeraiH«nto,
Woo. timid, KiiUhts l,»inUng,
Mrtry»»illr, OroTille 10:03a
4iO«r Martluax, Hau lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa. Uwlliikiiew. H.nta Itoia ' Ui2.T»
4t00r Nile*. LiTemiore. Stockton. Lodl... 10. .13*
4<3Ur Haywarda. Mlea Kan .1 use. Lire rmoro tS<-*V5A
Si«»f TIio Owl I Jmi ted— Tracy, Stockton,
Kre»uo. Dakerafield, Maiisn* for
Santa littbara, Urn Aiijsles 9:3,1 4
•totfp nay ward., JSIl«aaudUau Jose 7>S3a
t«iOOr Vaflojo 1 Ii-15«
• ¦O»r Oriental Mall— OgJen, Cheyenne.
' - Omaha, Cbictgo 12i2^»
•:••? Oriental Mail-Ogdea, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33p
7»«Op Oreicou aud California ICi|>rnu, H»o-
ntiusntn. M»rr»»lllB, n B .l.lln k .
rurtlHii.1, I'nget Hom.d ami Katk 8>S3a
•i«SpSaa Pablo, Port Coata, Mutioes
and War .Stations lli.VU
|»:03p Vallojo.. 7fc»»
COAST IjINE (MarreiT tia« B «). ?
:__ < Foot »t>Urket Street.)
J7 1 ISA iaAata Cmz £xcurston to rianta Cnu •
and Principal Way Stations JS:03*
¦ t 1.1a Newark.C'eiiterTillc.Han.Ioao. Felf.on,
Boulder CrreU.aanta Oruzand Way
UUtkius 5i3«S>
fail.Tr Newark, OenlerTllle, Ban Jose, New
AliimdfiU, Feltiin, Itnulder Creek,
BauU Crux and l'ruieipsl Way
Stations il«l.1«A
«>l9r Newark, 8an Joao. Los Gates { jiolsol
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ™
f nm Slit riUKOlSCO—Fmt »f Mtrkit Slrttt (Slit S)— -'.
tT:lS 9:00 ll:00».U. 1:09 3:C3 5:15'. «.
turn 01 IU IB— fl •( sr Ml *. ».— t H:UO (S.OO 1 8:0S
10:00 4. M. 18:00 a.OO «:03r.M.
COAST IjINE (It mail Mange).
(Thlr.l »n.« Townifeiut Sta.) .-.
•<IOA Hoiith Man Frsiicinco. i>alo Alto.... WjSur
I7iOva San Jose mid Way SUUoiis l>3i>r
/7iO»a New Aliiwdcn / 1:80/
J7« 13a Sunday Excursion for Sao - Jete.
- Kanta Cms. Paciflo Grore and
Principal Way Stations tS:3Or
8 :OOa Coi st Line Limited, San Josr, Gilroy.
B»Hnas. Paso iiobles. Sin Luis
J, " OUispo, Lompoc, Santa Earbira,
Los ADgeles : 10:43*
¦lOSAHan Jos«. Trea rinf>n. Hunt* I'm*,
.¦', '•¦.¦ Pitellie (3ro««. calini* Ban Lois
Obiipo aud Prlndpat iutermedi>ta
suii.nis. -I:1O»
IOiSOa Ban Jcae and Wty Stations. ?:3»r
IIi:IUa Man Jniaamt Way HUtinua 3>:t»r
12:-l»r San Mateo, ltedwood, Menlo Park.
¦;- ...,- rajo Alto, rianta Clara, Han .lime,
Trea Pinos, Santa </'rnz, 3a!iuaa,
Monterey ami l>acIHe GroTe |HI:l5i
fSsSftt-^an Joae and Way Stations ©:::»*
t-ltl.%r San Joaean.l PHncipal Way Stations »H2i
fttlXe Sui.net Mmitrd— El Paso, New Or-
leans aid Jfant « I»:1«a
f3:00p San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
I Way Stations tO:O3»
8>3Or San Jixe an<l Principal Way Stations 1:30a
•tS»p Ran Jose aud WayHtations fS-.OOA
7:00p New Ortwns Expremi. Ban Jose,
3int\ Barbara, Los Angeles, D-rn-
inir. EI Paso, New Orle»n» and East ?iO«a
7i«Of Del Monte, Monterey, Paciflo Grove,
Loapoo io:-!5p
all:4»pSMi Ji.»e«ii.l Way Htatlons 7i3<>y
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Hiiiirtajr Kxcepted. t Sunday only.
g Wedaesdaya. . / Tuesdays and Fridayc
c Sunday*. ' a Saturday only.
CALIFOBKU KORTHWESTEM RT. CO.
1 LESSEE . " . ;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' . RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Sam Franclnco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 al m.: 12:35, »:30,
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -8:00. 9:J0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:SO.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Sum R*fnel *• Sam Fraoelie*.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.l 12:43.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:65
and '6:15 p. m. «... '.»
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, . 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40,
6:06, 6:25 p. m. . _ _.
Between San Francisco and Schuataen Park.
eame schedule as above. \
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I - I Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. | Destination. | days. | Pays.
7:S0 ami «:00 ami ' Nbvato. 10:40 am «:40 am
S:30 pmj 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:3o pm 6:23 pm
~~~~~~ Fulton. ' j£
7:30 am "Windsor, 10:» am
Healdsburr.
¦ Lytton, .-•
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ,7:35 pm 8:23 pm
7-30 ami I Hopland I |1O:23 am
3:30 pm[ 8:00 am| and Uklah. f 7:35 pm[ 6:t2 pm
7:30 am : ~ r ~ „- . am
.* S:04am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm <:M P">
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 5:15 am 8:40 am
" • ¦ and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm t-tt pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 aBi|10:K am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm[ 6:23 pm
'' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs;
at Lytton for ' Lytton Springs; ¦ «at
Geyservllle for Skagffs Springs: at Cloverdale
for" the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John- Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Git's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, .Westport, Usal.
1 ¦Willetts, Laytonvllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ ¦ . ...»
1 On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. " R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING, Gen. Pats. Agt.
' General Manager. - , '-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SsusaTito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lw. ••>• mAM. »x. s<n «in.
9:15 a.m.) _,__.__.„„ / 3:0O p.m.'
1:45 p. M. Y~ WEEK DATS , e:i5 ~*
4:«O p. h. j Stay over nigh t at the tatke2c 1 10:15 a. m.
8rt» a. M.I • f 1:00 p.m.
11 :» a. v. f T SUNDAYS p M
1:15 p. M. J ' • #. _> I 5:5iP.u.
- Fmie. San Frardsco to Summit and Return. |I.4O.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferrr.
WeeHy Call $1.00 rerYear
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
IHneases. Lmt SLanbootl. Debility or
•liArast* wearinirnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. TlieDoctorcnreswh^n
others fail. Try- him. Charges low.
Corfu eunrantfrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. W. «IIB8OS, ban Francisco. CaL
j - Via' Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing I September 20, 1909
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. - AXU^ UX
-WEEK DAYS— «:5S, •9:13, ll:C0 a. m.. la.
3:15. 4:00. 5:15, »6:15, 6:40 p. in. "•
EXTKA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:09 and 11:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS-»8:0p. 10:00. -11:30 a. m?.'«;-ll
3:15. 11:45, 6:30, J:00 p. m. ¦ '^
Trains marked (•) nln to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-WEEK-DATS-5:20. *S:30, 7:45, f:30 a. mi'
•12:30, 1:43, »3:30, 4:30, B:20 p. m. '
¦ EXTRA - TRIPS On .. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:15 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. ¦•8:00. n0:00,_ *U:45 a. in.
•1:40. *2:15, 4:«. *«:S0 p. m. . '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 •_ m.'
12:35. 2:10. 8:30. 4:54. 5:» p. m. *
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. :m.
SUNDAYS— »:05, 10:05 a. m., 13:05, 2:15, J$o
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
. . THROUGH TRAIN8.
6:33 a. m. week days— CazaderO and way
stations. .
1:45 p. -m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. - - .
8 a. m. Sundays— Tomalef and way sta-
tions. - ; ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAI1WAY TRAVEL.
A Holiday on Wheels
A trip east In a Burlington tourist sleeping-car is a veritable holi-
day on wheels. -
The excursion conductor makes everyone feel at home; organizes . ,
entertainments; sees to it that the journey across the continent is . '
ENJOYABLE as well a3 comfortable.
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays ; San Francisco, Tuesdays aad Thur»-
i days— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas Citr, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. Tickets
and berths at Southern Pacific ticket oraces or by addressing - \ . ,
3 W. D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agent, 631 Market St. San Francisco.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily. /
Leave' Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~~- Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
/-.--• • Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20?
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:S5 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p I:l7p 1:15 a ........
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"Hanford... 4:22 p 2:27 p 7:0«a
-•¦„" Visa^la .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:03 a I
" Bkafield.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a ;
" Chicago . .'. 2:15 p >:00 p ........
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cart and Dlnlnr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class - passengers. No second-«iau
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55, p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. Sally.
3:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair -• Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts wit at Fresno. Corre-
sponding tialnarrlves tt 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a.m. is Bakersfleld Local, < stopping
at all points in Ban Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. datfy
Ofnces— 841 Market etreet and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118. Broadway, Oak-
land. . .-¦¦'¦¦•¦--.¦.¦
M>Kjn %l *a *a ra K>^T%M
llfl fl Wt fSSa S9 Bm ¦ 9nH m
mbSSw Bis in ck
'8Iok:heuiaghe
Positively cured by these
Little Pills. '.. '
- They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion -and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for: Dizii-
ness,. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain rji«
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely. Vegetable.
Small Pill. ¦'. i' Small Dose.
, Small Price.
iooi will be thebanner year with the
OIL industry of 'California. Take ad-
vantage of the opportunity, for big
MONEY will be made.
JAS. R. ST. MERSHON,
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks- Only,
SST, 538, 539,330 PARROTT BDG.,S.F.
W.W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRldATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDB
PLANTS.
.: SAN FRANCISCO. ' ' .
Directory
Reputable
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co.
10 acres Sunset, SO acres McKittriok, 320 acres
tn Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50o. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to B. DEN-
! ICKE, Secretary, room 61* Parrott bids, S. j II".
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN. RIVKR DISTRICT— Well
No. 1, pumping over 600 barrels dally, rated
the "King:" well of the district. No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50 cents. \ Order by mail. 75 cents
after April 10. 393 Parrott building, B. T. -¦
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing: well.
20c Per Share.
Write or call far Information. '
OCCIDENTAL, OIL CO..* 471 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— ControJs 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land in Napa County where, thi finest lubri-
cating oil In California is found; stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. 670 and 671 Farrott
building. San Francisco. . ¦ ¦ ;
SAUNAS l\l AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
18S0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY. "
- Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at luc ¦ per share. ¦ Prospectus and I map
and Information on application. J. B. OLSEN,
Secretary, f.74 Parrott building, San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO;
l>ands In heart of McKHtrlck District, " ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room 608 Safe | Deposit Building, 32J
Montgomery st. . "i • . '
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL. LAND. * <
Controls - 440 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
li being sold at COo per share. Information ana
prospectus furnished on application. No. I,
Rprotirt Floor. MIIIb Building. Kan Francisco. '.
Ubalace hotels
Visitors to San Francisco, who make
their, headquarters at 'these hotels i»n-
Joy comforts and conveniences ' not j to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
«>6RANP HOTEL?
¦'";•-" •amusements,
"undeh'the auspices of the
CALIFdRgiA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
—OP THE— . I. 'i\ .
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW 'IN PROGRESS ' '
in the art gallery.
¦¦,;;¦'- ;_ -of—
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
.TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
¦ Ooen Afternoons and Evenings. .
Admission, 25c. Season Tickets. )1 50. . Chil-
dren,'. 10c. 'V ;¦
RXCJK TANFORAN
AUC«J_ park;
•SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
BIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
"I April 15 to": 19. Inclusive.
CfINE CARD EVERT DAT.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Train* from Third and ' Townsehd streets— 7,
10:30, 11:30 a.;m.;. 12:40, 1, 1:30, 2 p..m. ' > ; -
~~- Returning.-" leave . track at 4 :15 and . thereafter
at - short Intervals. . Rear cars reserved , for
ladles and escorts. BBfSHSQKBB^NSB
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. : FARE)) U 25.
' - K ~.J-- E. J. ; POWERS kaclng Secretary^
lust i little better
than an^ other train
— m little better service- .
t> more homelike ;¦
N feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
LlMiTEO
than you find elsewhere,
and I! runs like this
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
9 am Mon Tues Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
' ON THE
SANTft FE
ICHICACO I
: In LESS thc ">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At IU A. m.
Chicago, Union Pacific
Gr Nortk-lVestern Line
J"\OU~BLE Drawmg-Tjlpom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, f m5&ing and Library
•J—^ Cars, with taritr. Di*ing Cars—
meals a It carte. t Dailv Tourist Car
Service ' and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every) week from San Francisco
a: 6 p. tn. Thi best of everything.
It. R. RITCHIE:
617 Market St. eenaral Agent Pad fie Cbatt
JPalaea Motet 8A2T JFBANCISCQ
._
- ¦ ¦ - - _.
A Sample Letter;
.... . , ¦ „ „. Cade, Texa$. Oct. 30, 1900. '
Warner's Safe Curb Co., , •
-» ¦ _ _ • You haven't asked "me for "a testimonial 'state-
t , toent ; but I desire to tell and to thank you for what your medicine
did for us.
Two years ago my "wife took Diabetes. 1 consulted our physi-
clan and he treated her two or three months without any relief
whatever then we tried Public Watering Places with no good result.
Finall'y our druggist (W. T. Grogan) by a great deal of persuasion -.
got us to try one bottle^of Warner's Safe Diabetes 'Ctiret when to my
astonishment it relieved my wife. She has used^ight bottles and I
think is cured. I consider it the best medicine made.".
Yours*truly, -
E. J.' HOOD.
- 1 1 ' " i ¦ ¦ _ Send your name and tddress to Vftuurn<r>NEW YORK. A?rlll7.-The day', market
«a» tx.-rs-Mv-rly irregular, ehowlnr the de
cidedly n>r\ous state of mind which specu
lator* have com* to U In who ar« long of
stock as well as the watchful mood for weak
points to develop of those who are short. The
battle brtwet-n the two elements waned all day
with varying success and the market dosed
with the l**ue apparently undecided, although
a rrvlew of the net changes for the day will
thoxv that the boars had the best of the con
ifrt. taking the day through. The bulUcon
t<«o<l the onclaught of their opponents -with
vigor and determination and had fatrly secured
the umr hand or them after the opening
drive acair.n thr market. Even after the last
flip in prices, which carried quotations to the
lowest cX *he day. the bulls were still In full
array, vigorously supporting: prices here and
there, und boldly manipulating advances in a
number of etocl:s. Th- only points of jwsiUve
Ftr,npth In the list were in the Southwestern
railiond divialon. An effort was made to re
vive R;eeulatlve excitement by bringing up
the rumors of a Southwestern merger Dur
ing the period of the first retreat of the bears
the movement in this department proved an
effective leadership in the market led by Kon
f " an<1 Tex»« prefcr«.i. >_>w York Central
and rome other trunk lines also showed signs
of strength, and Sugar. People 1 * Gas and the
melting rtocka made effective auxiliaries In
the <!craon*tnstion by the bulls. Very little
v.-as left, however, of these advances after the
final reaction, but the Atchlsons were moved
vigorously upward, the common rising 2Hc
over last night on the final *fforts of the bulls
to turn the market. Prices rallied while the
room short* were uncovered but went off
acain on renewed Killing, making the closing
unsettled and Irregular, with some stocks at
the lowest. There wa« a disposition to take
epec^atlvt profits , regarding of news develop
ment It was especially manifest in the
ptorks which had been influenced most by th»
nurlingrton deal rumors and In Amalgamated
Copper. There was almost a complete recov
ery from these opening losses, apparently on
fhe supposition that the Burlington directors
¦fter their meeting would announce the com
rleMon of the deal. Their failure to do so was
the principal element in the sharp break. The
Xczl> York Stock- Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hay and. Feedstuff s.
There is nothing new to report, the markets
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25©3 50.
usufcl. terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 lolJfS 2i;*Ore-
Eon, $2 75@2 S5 per barrel for family ano $2 75®
3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75@3. ¦..-¦ - ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fel
lows.. usual _ discount to the trade: Oiaham
Fiour. J3 per 100 lbs; .Rye Flour, ' $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 E0; ,Rlce Flour, $7: > Corn Meal,- $2 75;
extra cream do,- $3 50 r Oat Groats, $4 50;'Hom
iny," $.3 50®3 75; », Buckwheat • Flour, . S4®4 25;
Cracked '¦ Wheat, * \ $3 50 ; Farina, $4 50 ; Whole
Wheat Flomv $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
67 60; in- sacks. $5 75@7 25; Pearl. Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 los.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. 'V'
Regular Morning Session— No sale's. I
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 80c. . De
cember— 2000, 77 iic; 2000, 7,SHc; 2000, 77c; 6000,
77%c.
OATS— Continue very 'firmly held. White.
$1 37 1 /4©l 50; Surprise. • nominal; Red, $1 32H I 5>
1 «; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 I3(gl 15; White, $1 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed, $1 12V- per ctl.
RYE— S0(trS2%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 C3®1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse. . -: >
CALL BOARD SALKS.. V
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 etla.
$1 01; 6000, $1 01U; 10.000. $1 01U. December-^
2000, $1 05»i; 2000, $1 05H; 4000, $1 OStt. •
Second Session— May-SOOO ctls, $1 01U.
, Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls. $i 0ST4.
Afternoon Session — No sales. '
BARLEY— Continued dry weather and light
stocks keep prices very strong. Futures ad
vanced 3%c, as will be seen. •
Feed. Sl>i«7S2Uc for choice bright. 80c for No.
1 and 75«J7S\ic for off gradfes; Brewing and
Shipping grades. sr^S'Vic; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and Paris
lower. . . ' . ¦• . ,' . . . • |
Chicago opened very firm, with more dispo
sition to buy, owing to crop damage . reports
from the Southwest, and the shorts covered.
Later on. however, - tho market turned weak
and the traders were selling at the close. .
The mrnkot was higher, ¦ both on the > spot
and for future delivery. .
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1; milling, $1 02H©
103 per ctl. ¦",%}¦;
Wheat and Qther Grains.
Silver is higher. Exchange stands the same.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S5^
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — ¦ 4 S8%
Sterling Cables ., — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — ' 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 17Vj
Silver, per ounce — ¦ C9H
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 49Vs © 50
The China- took out a treasure list of $201,
550, consisting of $43S0 in Mexican dollars, $170
In gold coin and $197,000 in silver bullion.
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO. April 17.— Wheat traders ' kept
their eyes on the weather map and their ears
open to tidings of the operations of the'Hes
sian fly. As to climatic conditions, there
seemed to be little change, * although ! the re
ports from time to time seemed to indicate
otherwise. Before trading began it was claim
ed that the . frost predicted j for Kansas j had
appeared during the night, . and this, combined
with the fact " that receipts were ' light and
cables at least no easier than could be ac
counted for by the course of the market on
this side yesterday, somewhat alarmed shorts
and the May option having opened %c higher
at 70?4c, touched 70%c almost at the same In
stant, rallied to 70%c during the first' hour.
•Thei frosts which had been so' much dreaded,
however, were scarcely mentioned In tele
grams from Kansas, and while the weather
was unseasonably coM In the spring wheat
States, it was thought wheat was not suffi
ciently advanced - to • suffer. May eased off ¦ to
70%c on moderate selling, rallied to 7O?s<S"71e
on reports of damage by Hessian i fly, and
closed steady %o over yesterday at 70*ic
Corn was firmly held, but no attempt was
made to push prices unduly upward, although
receipts were small and the weather unsea
sonable. May closed unchanged at 44Uc.
May. oats were strong all day, closing Ho
higher at 25%c. Considerable changing to July
was noticeable.
In the provisions pit pork was neglected and
the rest of the list quiet. The range was
narrow. July pork closed 2Vic higher, lard
i\W 3c lower and ribs 2^c down.
The leading futuroB ranged us follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70H 71 70H 70\
July 71 71H 70?4 71H
Corn No. *2—
April • .... ' 4S»i
May 44H 44»i 44U 44» t
July 44U 4Us 4STs «!s
Oats No. 2— v , •
May 25\ 25H 25»S 23*
July • 25U 28M, 2&%. 25H
Mess Pork, per bbl — . . .
May ...14 10 14 20 14 10 4 , 14 20
July A 1425, 1485 14 25 14 32V4
Lard, per ICO lbs—
May 8 10 . 8 10 ..• 8 07tf 8 07^
July 8 00 8 02^4 8 00 8 00
September .......... 7 95 8 00 7 S5 7 87V4
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs— - • .
May..... 8 20 8 224 8 15 . 8 15
July 7 90 .755 .7 90 ' 7 95
September 7 $2% .7 S7»fe 7 82^4 7 S5 .
Cash quotations were hs follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 6SH<ff69Uc; No.* 2
red, 7O',AQ'73c; ' No. 2 corn, 44c; ¦ No. 2 yellow,
44c{ No. 2 oats, 27(f27tfc: No- !1 white, 29>i@.
30V4c; No. 3 white, 29@29?ic; No. 2 rye, 63c;
grood feedins barley. 46c: fair to choice malt
ing. fl@S6c; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 60: No. 1 North
western, $1 60; prime timothy: seed, $3 70; mess
pork, Der bbl. $14 20@14 25: lard, per- 100 lbs,
$S 17WJS 20; short ribs sides '(loose), $S 05@8 25:
dry Halted shoulders (boxed), 67&<G~hic; shcrt
clear sides (boxed), $8 30©8 35: whisky, basis of
high wines, yjl 27. Sugars — Cut loaf, • 6.14c:
granulated, 5.57c: confectioners', - A. 5.44c; ~ off
A, 5.29c. Clover, contract grade, $11. . . -
'Articles—' • Receipts. : Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..'.. ': 63.000". 35.000
• Wheat, bushels ......:.. 230.000 • 65.0C0 '
Corn, bushels 100,000 ¦ 74.C00
Oats, bushels :...'..„.•. 2C2.COO 3C7.000
Rye, bushels .:......... 5.000 V" 5.000. '
Parley, bushels: 22.000,-. ... 4.000 '
1 On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
Chicago Grain Market.
Southern California— rair Thursday, with fog
alone the coast in the morning; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday, possibly showers
In extreme northern portion: cooler Thursday
r.icht.
Utah-Cloudy In northern portion, fair In
southern portion; continued warm; light south
erly Mind.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; warmer in southern
portion.
San Francisco and vlclcity-cloudy Thursday,
w.th fog in the mowing; fresh south wind
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
i ' •;'. Forecast Official.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17—5 p.-ra.
The following are (.he seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
'
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature.
H; minimum, 44; meau, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over Wyoming and
Southern Idaho and the disturbance now over
Montana will probably move rapidly southward
and iKiFsibly southwestward. The temperature
has risen from' 10 to 2? degrees over Nevada,
I'tah and the Rocky Mountain region generally.
Throughout California there has been but lit
tle change.
With the exception of light showers from
the mouth of the Columbia River northward
no rain has fallen on tne Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
r*cuc£ ending midnight. April IS. 1901.
Northern California—Cloudy Thursday, with
ttiK along^ the coast in U»e morning; fresh south-
EVAPORATED APPLES— Only a light job
bins trade occurred in the market for evapo
rated apples, but owing to the meager supply
on hand prices were held quite steady. State,
common. 3(ji'4c; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c;
fancy,' 6@6»£c.
California dried fruits ruled dull and
featureless, with prices more or less nominal,
on the basis of 3%@7c per pound for prunes.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c; , Mobrpark, 8&
@13c. "i • ... . , . ,
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%®20c; unpeeled, 5&@
10c. , ¦ '
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rfi» weak; No. . 7 Invoice,
6%c nominal. Mild, market dull. ¦ Cordova,
8%@12i4c. .
SUGAR— Raw, strong and higher; fair-re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 3-16c; molas
ses sugar, 3 7-16c. Refined — Firm; No." 6,
4,S3c; No. 7, 4.70c; No. 8, 4.70c; No. 9, 4.«5c;
No. 10, 4.60c; No. 11, 4.55c; No. 12, 4.50c; No.
13, 4.50c; No. 14, 4.45c; Standard A, 5.25c; con
fectioners' A, 5.25c; mould A, 5.S0c; cut loaf,
5.95c; crushed, 5.95c; powdered, 5.55c; granu
lated. "5.45c; cubes, 5.70c. *•
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
5@10 points lower. Sales included: -May at
5.20@3.25; July, 5.35@5.40c; August 5.45@5.50c;
September, 5.55c; October, 5.55@5.60c; Novem
ber, 5.60c; December, 5.70@5.75c; January, 5.80c,
and. March, 5.90c. . ¦ > ¦
BUTTER— Receipts, 4567 packages: firm.
Creamery, fresh, 16@21o: factory, ll%@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 17,559 packages. Steady.
Western regular packing, 14@14Uc; do stor
age, 14}$c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 111,150 bushels; exports,
100,645 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 74%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c" elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S9Uc f. o. b. afloat. Options were
generally firm all day except for a midday
reaction under selling by longs. The stimu
lating influences were cold weather in winter
wheat States, a strong St. Louis market, fair
seaboard clearances, local covering and ex
port demand. "The close was %c advance.
May, 76H@~%c; closed. 77Uc; July. 76U@76%c;
closed, 76T«(r; September, 75%@76c; closed, 76a
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet. • '
NEW YORK, April 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11,484; exports, 6045 barrels. Firm and in good
demand from jobbers.
New York Grain and Produce.
The Wall Street Outlook.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"It is very difficult to fix on any period at
which the current boom may be expected to
end its couice. It is altogether exceptional as
to its causes. Its main stimulus centers In its
connection with the great movement of indus
trial consolidation. The conversion of some
$2,OC0.CO0,OC0 of corporate capital into a >«nuch
smaller number of corporations with approx
imately {5.000,000,000 of nominal capital — of
which $3.000,0<50,000 is common stock, based
mainly upon good will— amounts to a stupen
dous inflation, which has deranged the whole
basis r-T investment values. The inflation of
fueh an enormous aggregate of the productive
capital of the country has the natural effect
of inflating the market value of other forms
of investment, among the first of which come
railroad F?curlties. It is assumed that If a
process of financial reconstruction can be made
to warrant a doubling of the capital of our
manufactures then an amalgamation of our
railroads, our mines, our oil wells, and our
steamship lines warrants a similar expansion
in the market value of the securities repre
senting those classes of investments, and thus
the inflation has swiftly spread over every
class of securities that finds its market in
Wall street. •
"For the time beins there is some basis for
this immense expansion in the extraordinary
run of national prosperity (which has found
•ome parallel In the commercial activity of
ether countries), but which, however, is not
to be reckoned upon us a permanency. The
expansion of our industrial capitalizations is
kept up with such persistency and on such a
vast poale. it is sanctioned by such an array
of influential names rusd is underwritten by
financiers of such great potency, that specu
lation knows neither cautior. nor limits. There
seems to be n» end to the creation of new
deals, and each successive one adds new oil
to the flame of excitement. Speculators reason
that the larger the number of schemes the
larpcr the amount af capital committed to
their support, and conclude that the greater
the magnitude of the movement the broader
the basis of its stability and endurance. And
ctrtainly, bo long as new schemes are forth
coming, launched under influential auspices
and resulting in successful consummations, we
may calculate u^cn the maintenance of a san
guine market and j>o>mI>1>- even still higher
prices than have yet lK-en touched. In spite,
therefore, of the occasion spasms of caution
end even a'arm which show themselves in sud
den and very inrg-e liquidations, there are still
encuph new buyers to start upward reactions
¦nd keep up the steam, and few seem to have
a decided conviction <:hat the consummation of
the boom is yet close at hand.
•"All this means, however, that the danger
is increasing at every tiep. Every movement
in Fuc-h a direction piles up the more false
construction to be unelurie. The higher prices
are pushed above the normal level the . lower
will be the fall below lt. The bulwark of past
profits may to-day ins-plre the utmost con
fidence, but when the :mpetus of the final llqui
dization gets on full headway the reaction is
likely to surpass many of the previous ad
justments of Wall Eti-e-.t booms. At the mo
ment tfle situation is probably inopportune for
the promoters of the great Industrial schemes
to permit any encouragement of a realizing
policy. When that stage arrives the outside
innrvBts will soon discover their position and
the return of the market to its normal level
is not likely to be a slow process."
Weather Report.
(lTOth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
' / Builders' Contracts.
P D. and Xorah Hegartr fowners> with W.
*A. Hicks (contractor), architct E. A. Oarin—
Alterations and additions to a one-rtory frame
bulldln.tr on lot on NW corner of Twenty-sec
ond and Hampshire streets. 23 on Twenty-sec
ond bx N V*; $1120.
Lizzle CrockT Van Fleet (owner) with Br—
haut & Cornelius fcontractors). architect W.
F. Smith— Carpenter work for additions for
frame dwelling en lot on N line ct Pacific
avenue. 137-« E of Laguna street. E 68-3 by
N 137:8%: 12724. '
S. D. Stein (owner) with A. S. Ruch (con
tractor), architect Edsrar . A. Mathews— All
work for a two-story frame building (two
flats) on lot on NE corner of Lyon and Wash
ington street.". E 31:3 by N 1C2:8V;; $8560.
•A. W. Scott (owner) with Peter Swnuon aixt
Charles Jorman (contractors), c. J Co!l«y
architect— All work for alterations and artdl
t'ons to change a one-story frame building
into a thr»e-story frame hulldlns fn lot com
mencing at a point 43:10 N of point formed by
W line of East street . with ' X Itne of Folsora.
28 C:W. W SO. S 45:10. E 80; $43S0. ¦ lroI « onl -
Cart Tleti) to II. A. PloUner. all Interest fn
lots 37. 39 and 40. niap of Peralta-arenua Tract,
Brooklyn TowneMp: W0.
North Alamrdn Land Comvmnt" to Char!f«
• r-d Pemelle 1,1 *• Mir. Jot 14. blew* 1*. man of
the North Alaaneda Tract. Brooklyn Towrshlp:
Kit.
Klmball O. tnd Katharine O..Ea«ton to will-
Id m T. Harris, lot on NW Un* of How* strwt.
ITS SW of Amethynt. SW 10. NW 1«l:t. NE 10.
SE 182:7 to tw«;!nn!n*. betn* th* SW irt tt+t of *
lot 8. Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe tract,
to correct 843 d 214. Oakland: $to. .
S F. Sinclair to Harry M. Camp« and Jo*in
c. Pauer. lot on S lln* of Harmon •treet. 400
E of Callals. E M:lt. N 135:414. W 77:S to be
¦Mnnlnr. lot IS. block A. on map of sub S por
tion of Harmon tract, quitclaim deed. Berke-
Glenni* Davles (single) to w\ E> Siutrwi, '
lot on XR corner of Rose and Walnut streets.
K 45 by N 130,. bloc* 22. on mao of property of
N. B. Byrne, in the Berkeley Villa tract.
Berkeley; liono.
•RTTAT, .ESTATE TBAITSACTIONS.
Kate Laird to Juliet J. Mezes, lot on TV line
of Larkln street. 102:8% N ol Jackson. N Z> '
by W 125; $12,500.
John T. and Mitchell W. Fltzhenry. Margaret
C. Bevans. William Brown and Daisy B. Sholl
to Ida Brown lot on N line of Ivy avenue.
151:3 E of Laguna street. W 25 by N 60; gift
Jessica M. and George A. Davis to Mount
Zlon Hospital (corporation). . lot on S lln« of
Sutter street. 137:8 W of Scott. W 82:8 by S
137:6 (quitclaim deed); $10. -
C. G. Bryant to D. B. Fairbanks, lot on 3 .
line of Nineteenth street. 260 E of Dolorea, v E
50 by S 114; $3000.
Felton and Sereta I. Taylor to Churchill Tay-
Jor, undlvlde-1 one-half of lot on S line of Fif
teenth street. 25 W of Sharon, TV 75, S 100. E
1?5. N 10O. W 25. N 100; also all of H. A. block
177. bounded N by Duncan street. E by Castro,
S by Twenty-eighth and W by Diamond: $3000.
Montell Taylor to same, undivided one-half of
lot on W line of Church street. 225 N of Four
teenth. N 90 by W 123; also all of lot on S
line of Bush street, 178 W of Stockton. W19:8
by S 57:6; also all of lot on N line of Golden
Gate avenue. 137:6 E of Buchanan. E 63:9 by
N 137:6; $13,000.
Sllveria G. Garat (wife of Peter) and O. M.
Goldaracena to Luigi Chiappari. lot on XE
corner cf Vallejo and Powell streets, E 45:4%
by N 63:9; $10,600.
William B. Hepworth to Bacque Girona and
Luigl Canbiazo. lot on E line of Auburn
street. 91:9 S of Pacific. S 23 by E 50; $1500.
Catherine Kinsman to Herman F. and Eliza
beth Kulper. lot on SB line of Minna street.
275 SW of Third. SW 25 by SE 70; $4000.
Samuel Davis to George E. Bates, lot on SB
line of Berry street. 366:8 SW of Fifth. SW
43:10. SB to Channel street. NE 43:10, SW to
beginning: $2500.
Estate of Samuel Fleming (by James Pa
lache (surviving executor) to Edward H. Com
mins. lot on SE corner of Twelfth and Point
Lobos avenues, E 33:6 by «£ 100; also lot 73.
block 6. Flint Tract Homestead; also lot on
NW corner of Eleventh avenue and A street.
W 32:8 by N 100; $2250.
Betsy Llppltt, Ralph and Abraham Brown
and Dora Fisher to Mount Zlon Hospital (a cor
poration), lot on SW corner of Point Lobos
and Sixth avenues, W 240 by S 223. quitclaim
deed: $5.
Alazneda County.
Thomas and Delia T. O'Donnell to W. E.
Dean, lots 5 and 13, block L. Bay View Home
stead. Oakland ; $350.
Frederick C. and Grace S. CUft to Seneca
Gale, all interest in lot on north line of Laurel
street, 70 E San Pablo avenue. E 50 by N 100.
block M Kelsey Tract. Oakland; $1300.
Annie J Gift to W. R. Gift, lot on south
west line' of East Twenty-first street. 133.66 SB
line of Twedty-fourth . avenue. SE J3 by SW
150. block 1. subdivision- 50. Associates Tract.
East Oakland: gift.
Alice M. Wilkinson, wife of A. E.. and
James H. and H. S. Brooks to Mary P. Brooks,
lot on northwest line of Twelfth avenue. 100
NE of East Sixteenth street. NE 50 by NW 1C0.
block 88, Clinton Addition. East Oakland. $1000.
Mary P. Brooks (widow). H. S. and Alice
M. Wilkinson (wife of A. E.) to James H.
Brooks lot on southwest line of Twelfth
avenue 125 SW of East Sixteenth street. SW
25 by SE 100. block 66. Clinton Addition. East
Oakland: $1000.
Mary P.. H. S. and James H. Brooks to
Alice M. -Wilkinson, lot on southeast corner
of Twelfth avenue. 100 SW of East Sixteenth
street. SW 25 by SE 100. block 66. Clinton
Addition. East Oakland; $10CO.
v Alice M. and Albert E. Wilkinson to An
toinette G. Wilkinson (single), same. East
Oakland; $1000.'
Union Savings Bank to F. H. Dorsaz. lot on
N line of Eighteenth street. 300 W of West.
W 40 by N 100. Oakland: $1500.
Jesse K. and Sarah Whitmore to Charles
Morton lot on W line of Madison street, 75 3'
of Sixth. S 25 by W 73, lot 18. block 60, Kel
lersberger*s Map, Oakland; $1500.
George E. and Mame Woods to Rosrte Com
pagno <wife of E.). lot on N line of Channlny
way, 55 W of Tenth street. W 50 by N 100. lot
15. block 122, Corrected Map Raymond Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Wallace A. Lyon to Charles E. Lyon, lot 8.
Werner Tract; $10.
Same to same, all Interest fn lot 7, same: $14.
Oscar S. and Abble H. Calderwood to F. E.
Knowles and Abel Hosmer. all Interest In lot
XX block 3, Dowling Tract,, quitclaim deed,
Berkeley; $10.
A. H. and Elizabeth MacDonald to Henry
»nd Barbara Abernethy. re-record 743 d. 30,
lot on N line of Ashby avenue. 85 "W of Dea
kin street. W E0 by N 100, betas the VT 50 feet
of lots 17 and IS. block B, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley: $3000.
Mary L. and James I*. Dmm to Alice M.
Roberts (widow), lot on W line of Ellsworth
street. 150 S of Allston way. S SO by W 136.21.
block 6, on Map of Doe's Addition to Villa lots
S of the University, Berkeley: $1500.
Delia, T. Langdon to Flora L. Taylor (undi
vided half). Frank S. 1 and FrecT W. Lan*don
f undivided fourth each), lot 5. block C. , Kins
Tract. Brooklyn Township: gift.
Emma E. Bayley (widow) to Union Savings
Bank, all interest in subdivision A of lot 3,
block 796. Watts Tract. Map 3. Oakland; $500.
Henry and Rosa Mohr to Peter Calou. all in
terest in lot 9. on map of C. L. Taylor prop
erty. Oakland; $5C0.
Hetty T. Henxhaw fwife of 'Winiani O.) to
John J. North, lot on SE line of Eleventh ave
nu#. 181.20 SW of East Twenty-eiihth street.
SW 40. SE 121. NE 40.456. NW IIS to begin
ning, being the NE 30 feet of lot 13 and SW 10
feet of lot 13, Temple ton Tract. East Oakland;
$100.
Savings and Loan Society to Rod W. Chureh.
blocks 1 to 4. San Antonio, East Oakland,
quitclaim deed: $3C0.
Francis and Llxxle M. Ferr1»r to Jam«« M.
Wright, lot on NW corner of Allston way and
Grant street. W 123. N 10S. E 12S. 8 » to b«
rlnnlnc. b*>ln« the K 125 fwt of lot 13. block
3, McOee Tract. Berkeley; $1000. -
Mary A. Palozsi to John M. Toy, subdivis
ions 3. 4 and R of lot «. Mock 24. of Do>y*»
Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley: $1000.
B. C. i Hawea radmlnlntrntor of the estate of
"WEDNESDAY. Ar>ril 17—2 n. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s couDon 113HU4 4s coup fnew).1391414O
4s registered.. 113%113% 1 3s quar coup..lll%112%
' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.103% — Oceanic SS os.104 —
Cal-st Cab 6s.ll7 — - Om'C P 63 126 —
C C Water 5s. 109% — Pac Q Imp 4s — —
E L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & Cl R 63.105 — •
F & Cl Ry 6S.115 — Pk & O R 63.117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Haw C 6%s...lO6% — SEG&Roa— 101
Haw C 5s.... .102 102% S F & SJV 5».118% —
L A R R 5s.. — 113% S R of Cal 6sU0 —
L A L Co 5s.. — 1C2 S P of A 6s
Do rotd 6s. — 104 (1909) 112%113
Do gntd 5s. 99% — Do (1910) .... — 114%
L A P R R Ss.lOI — S P C 6s (1905.
Market-st C 6s — 127% Series A) 106% —
Do 1st C 5s.. — — Do(Series B)107% —
N C N G R 7s — 413% Do (1906> ....110 —
N Rof Cal6s.H3 — Do (1912) .... — —
N R of Cal 5s. — 119% S P C lat g 53.106% —
N P R R €»..101% — S P Br R 63-..132%133%
N P R R 5s.. 108% — S V Water 6s.ll3 —
N C R 5s 111%— Do 4» ........103% —
O G L & H 5s.llO% — Do 3d mtg.. — 103Vi
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5 116 Stkn G & B 63.IOO —
Oak W Co Bs.102 — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71% 71% I Spring Valley. 90 81
Marln County. 63% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 2% — Pac Lt Co 4S —
Eqult Gas .... 3% 3ft Sac E G & R. — —
Mut Elec Lt.. — 7 S P G & E... 44 44%
O G L & H.. — 50% San Francisco. 1U 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 38% — Stktn G & E. — 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.236 '•*- |
¦ BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 77% Lon P & A 146 150
Bank of Cal. ..406 412 Mex Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO5 — S F National.. 120 123
1st N of S F...309 313
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 ' Sav & Loan... — , — '
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 -f
Mutual .;. 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
' Calif ornla-st.. — 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio 22 St
Market-st 70 — : ,
¦- POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 76 80 Vlgorit ........ 2% 3
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 7% Kllauea 20% 21 .
Haw Com 57% — Makawell 39% 40
Honokaa 31% 31% Onomea 27^ 29
Hutch S P.... 20% 21 Paauhau 30% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .128 127 lOceanic SS Co 48% 4SM
Cal Fruit Can— 98 Pac A F A 2 —
,Cal Wine Asn.100 — I Pac C Bor Co.152% —
Mer Ex Assn.. 110 — lt»ar Paint Co. 16 —
? < " ; Morning Session.
• Board — .
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 124 73
150 Contra Costa Water 7100
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 5. 58 00
40 Hawaiian Commercial. & Sugar.... 53 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. 1T3 25
10 Makawell t .:..;.... 40 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 43 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 39 00
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. . 45 00
340 San ' Francisco . Gas & Electric Co.. 41 25
Street—
100 California Wine' Association. 100 00
- 10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 50
10 Paauhau S P Co .:.... 30 00
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.110 00
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds., :.. 113 25
Afternoon Session. -
5 Alaska Packers' Asscoiatlon. 125 00
100 Contra Costa Water 71 50
25 Equitable Gas : 3 25
25 Honokaa S Co ....30 75
25 Honokaa S Co 31 00
25Honokaa<S Co 3123
$1000 Market-st R R Con 5 pr ct bonds. 122 23
10 Oceanic S S Co 43 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 43 75
70 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
50 S F Gas,& Electric Co. s 90 44 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)..103 75
Street—
29 First National Bank 310 00
$2000 Oceanic SS bonds 104 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
2C0 California-Standard JS
200 Four Oil Co 49
1 Hanford 92 00
10 Hanford %•. 93 00
1 Hanford .' ,. 94 00
235 Kern Oil Co 7 CO
E0O Lion Oil Co -. IS
600 Monarch of Arizona' 60
1500 Monarch of Arizona E9
30 Monarch of Arizona S3
100 Occidental of W Va 62
600 Occidental of W Va 61
100 Occidental of W Va - 1 ... 60
10OO Petroleum Center, b 60 . is
1000 Petroleum Center, s 30 15
1P00 Petroleum Center IS
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 16
20O Sterling Oil Co S 02%
Afternoon Session.
. Board—
200 California-Standard 35
300 Home" Oil S 85
SO Kern River Oil Co 13 00
20fl Monarch of 'Arizona 69
30 Peerless 8 00
100 Sterling 2 05
Street— . ' -V
35 Blue Gooae 100
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 California-Standard ¦ ss
SCO Home OU j sj
200 Kern Oil 7 2J
£00 Monarch of Arlsona .'. 60
100 Monarch of Arizona $1
200 Oil City Petroleum 2«
2fKK> Petroleum Center ...Y.. 14.
250 Sterling i m%
MINING STOCKS. .
Following were the sales In the San Fran
risco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
ECO Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir -«
100 Best- & Belcher 21 ?00 Overman •>?
300 Chollar' 11 7P0 Ravage ii
1SC0 Con Cal & Va..2 25 100 Seg Belche-"" 05
lWCC&VbM..?23 EW) Sierra Nevada': 30
5S0 Con Cal & Va .2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. ?»
fOO Crown Point.... 12 200 Union Con 10
; SJ?J c J} can ' M 13C0 Yellow Jacket.. W
6C0 Ophir 77>
Afternoon Sessioa
100 Belcher ..-21 1CO0 Occidental ... P3
200 Chollar 10 200 Ophir .... 73
150 Con Cal & Va..2 Vi 700 Overman .'. ' . "2
330 Crown Point.... 1» 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 22
Justice 0? 200 Silver Hill 3*>
3M Justice P3 SCO Union Con 13
500 Mexican 35
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher 21 300 Mexican 33
6/10 Best & Belcher, ?P 6C0 Mexican St
SCO Chollar 12 300 Ophir °1
¦ ICO Con. Cal & V...2 V- 5C0 Ophir ' °- n
300 Con Cal & V.. 2 25 SCO Ophir 79
lino Con Cal & V...2 V 500 Ophir ™
SCO Con Cal & V.? 17% 700 Overman 22
2C0 Con Cal & ,V.2 J2't 200 sierra Nevada.. 3»
.200 Gould & Curry. ¦ 20 2CO Sliver HIM.-..'. . '?*
!2CO Gculd & Curry. 1» 6C0 Union Con 18
;i>.i.-trf»* S^ti fc.--<ra ii*Trui- l _-#r->. 1^ «.**"',.» . 1 ¦¦ . .1 . m ' 1 1 . ¦¦¦ ii ' ii ,— ¦ ii«ii' ''PL a,M '
. Business was only moderately active en the
morning session . of the Bond Exchange and
the only change of note was a decline in Gas
and Electric to $44 25.
Prices were somewhat unsettled In the after
noon, as will be seen.
There was rather more doing on the morning
sessions of the oil exchanges, but prices showed
little variation.
Fireman's Fund Insurance is now paying: a
dividend. of 3 per cent for, the quarter. .
. The Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 10c on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
US Ss ref r**....M6H;N-Y Cent lsts..... 107%
Do coup 106HN J Cent gen 6s..l32?i
Do 3s reg U0?i N Pac 3s, 7214-
Do 3s coup- 111% Do 4s 105U
Do new 4s re>r..lSS% N Y C & St L 4s.lO7
Do new 4s coup.. 139% Nor & \V con 4s.. 101
Do old 4s reg....HS%'Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup..ll3Vi! Do 4s 1O5«
Do 5s reg novi O S Line 6s 129
Do 5s coup ......111% Do con 5s- 116
Dist of C 3.65s.. ..124% Reading Gen 4s.... 95
Atchison gen 4s... 102 ROW lsts.. . lorn
Do adjt 4s S5*i S L & I M con 5s.li7H
Canada So Ms 108\i S L & S F Gen 6S.131U
C &.O 4%s 106% St Paul con °.!T.190%
.„!*> B» 121% St P C & Plsts..llS%
C & N con 7s,. ..142% Do 5s 120%
Do S F deb 5s.... 124 So Pac 4s 92%
Chicago Term 4s.. 9S So Ry 5s ..........117U
Colo So 4s ........ S7% Standard R & T 6s 59
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts. ...119%
Erie Gen 4s 8S% Do-2ds 100
Ft W & D C lsts. .104% Union Pac 4s . ....105%
Gen Elec 5s 185% Wabash lsts ......120
Iowa Cent- lsts 117- Do 2ds ...• no
L & N Uni 4s ....1025A West Shore 4s ....113
M K & T..2ds.... 8Ui Wis Cent lsts 89%
Do 4s ....:..;..... 9S% Va Centuries 95%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...; 211 Little Chief ... 14
Alice ;v... SilOntario '...9 00
CLOSING BONDS
bull leaders are manifestly perplexed over
what Is to take the place of the Burlington
deal as an effective influence In fomenting
speculation when the matter Is finally dis
posed ct. To-day's developments did . not
seem to cause doubt of the practical consum
mation of the plan and in fact heavy profit
taking was to be looked for even had the
matter been announced. The threatened strike
of iron and steel workers was a continued in
fluence toward depression and United States
Steel stocks were heavy all day, ruling a frac
tion under yesterday throughout. The move
ment of the market was principally due ' to
technical causes. The more favorable money
. conditions were Ignored. . The , sterling ex
change market was rather soft/ notwithstand
ing the increased supply here of loanable
i funds, so that the outflow of gold is pretty
i certainly deferred ' beyond this week. I The :
range of prices during the day was extremely
wide, reaching from 2 to 4 points in nearly
all of the most active stocks.
The bond. market continued active, but the
price movement was irregular. Total sales,
par value, $5,305,000. United States old 4s reg
istered declined % and do coupon % per cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares , - - . Closing i
Sold. Stocks— Bid. i
S2.S00 Atchison 67 \
20,500 Atchison prefd 95%
£.100 Baltimore & Ohio 92^
... Canadian Pacific 94Vi
2,700 Canada Southern 64"i
4,200 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
2,500 Chicago Great Western 23% i
61,400 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 193%
5,400 Chicago lnd & Louisville 37
l.i.Hio Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd 71%
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 115
1.700 Chicago & Northwestern 203%
2L100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 151%
6.100 C C C & St Louis ?7»4
33,600 Colorado Southern 13% '
4.900 Colorado Southern 1st prefd fi%
6.108 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22% j
S.100 Delaware &. Hudson 1~S%
200 Delaware Lack & Western 2?2
200 Denver & Rio. Grande....... 45
1.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93%
133.400 Erie 39
7.000 Erie 1st prefd 70
6,600 Great Northern prefd 1SO%
200 Hocking Coal 18%
200 Hocking Valley 53
1,200 Illinois Central 139%
200 Iowa Central 32%
500 Iowa Central prefd ! 61%
200 Lake Erie & Western 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd. • 125
Lake Shore 230
6,400 Louisville & Nashville 104
18.600 Manhattan L 127
12,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 171
6.000 Mexican Central £1%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis S4%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
£6,100 Missouri Pacific 104
300 Mobile & Ohio 82%
7,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 29%
Si,80i) Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63%
New Jersey Central, ex-dlv ..153'!i
27.900 New York Central lol^s
5,600 Norfolk & Western 52%
Norfolk & Western ¦ prefd S6%
53,400 Northern Pacific "....102%
14.600 Northern Pacific prefd 97%
6,000 Ontario & Western 34V4
....... Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
41.600 Pennsylvania 15S%
9,700 Reading 36%
13.300 Reading 1st prefd ;... 75%
11,800 Reading 2d prefd 52%
Rio. Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd. 100
11,000 St Louis & San Fran 43%
3,000 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S3H
6,100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67%
8.7C0 St Louis Southwestern 37 7 '<
4,900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64?;
30,900 St Paul ...154
300 St Paul prefd 131
St Paul & Omaha 140
T3.S00 Southern Pacific ...,...'. 45%
11.000 Southern" Railway 2S
6,100 Southern Railway prefd j Wi
3S.30J Texas & Pacific 42%
97.6C0 Union Pacific 94%
S.SOO Union Pacific prefd S5% i
1.200 Wabash- 20
20,400 Wabash prefd 33
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 34%
8.400 Wisconsin Central 20«i
Third Avenue 129
.600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 90
National Tubs 66%
." National Tube prefd US
99,300 Amalgamated Copper 121%
Expres6 companies—
Adams 165
..... .* American :. 197
1,200 United States 90%
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous— . , -
1,600 American Cotton- Oil 26
. ...j. American Cotton Oil prefd So
100 American Malting 5%
....... American Malting prefd.' .'25
39.100 American Smelting & Refin 63%
6.700 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 97%
American Spirits .'.... 2>£
American Spirits prefd ' '.... 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd 93
American Steel & Wire 47%
! American Steel & Wire prefd 110?i
American Tin Plate £6
American Tin Plate prefd 117
'21,600 American Tobacco .... 129%^
American Tobacco prefd ....146
10,500 Anaconda Mining Co 51%
18,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S3V4
7.400 Colorado Fuel& Iron 87Ts
30,S(O Continental Tobacco 47%
600 Continental Tobacco prefd'.. 105
Federal Steel i 52Vi
..'. Federal Steel prefd , 102
800 General Electric 224
1,200 Glucose Sugar ;....;....... 51%
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 37"
600 International Paper 25?i
300 International Paper prefd 7S
200 LacleUe Gas 85
1.200 National Biscuit "... 39%
• 100 National Biscuit prefd 96
a,4fiO National Lead 19%
600 National Lead prefd .'. 84'
National Steel 67
National Steel prefd 116
1.5C0 New York Air Brake '.. 161
MO North American 86
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d pretd 63
600. Pacific Mall 35%
41.600 People's Gas 113*;
S.900 Preewl Steel Car f,%
1.100 Pre»re4 Steel Car prefd 84U
100 Pullman Palace Car » 2114
:<X) Standard Rope & Twine «u
6«.C00 Sugar Ms ij
S00 Burar prefd i»j'
3.900 Tennessee Coal A Iron 66li
7.600 United States Leather : 15%
1.700 Vnlted States Leather prefd 775!
fOO ITnlted States Rubber 20%
200 United Etates Rubber prefd 60%
19.100 Western Union ' fui.
5.700 Republic Iron A Steel Co..: SO
LOCO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd..... 76>i
RI.700 " United States Steel 43.V
26.500 United States Steel prefd 93S
P C C & St Louis 60
l,64l,:oo Shares sold:
WEDNESDAY, April 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha, 03 05 Justice 02 03
Alta „.... 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes CC 07 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 20 22 Mexican ~ S3 3«
Best & Belcher 21 23 Occidental C3 03
Bullion — 01 Ophir SO St
Caledonia 70 75 Overman zl 23
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Potoal 09 19
Chollar 10 It Savage 10 11
Confidence 71 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 30 2 35 Seg Belcher.... 04 -08
Con Imperial... Cl 03 Sierra Nevada.. 31 33
Con New York. - 01 Silver Hill S3 40
Crown Point..- 11 12 St Louis 06 -
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard 4 i» —
Exchequer* 01 Syndicate 05 —
Gould &. Curry. 19' 20 Union Con IT 13
Hale & Norcrs. :5 27 Utah 04 05
julla — 02 Yellow Jacket. 1*. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
S0OBe»t"& Belcher 2l| 500 Mexican : 34
SCO Best & Belcher 22 ICO Mexican 37
liO Con Cal & V...2 35 1000 Ophir 82
50 Con Cal & V.2 37% 200 Ophir SI
200 Con Cal & -V...2 40 1 600 Sierra Nevada . 32
100 Mexican 34| 400 Union Con IS
400 Mexican 3o]
Afternoon Session
Silver higher. Exchange unchanged: ' >
Shipment of $201,550 to China.
Wheat higher and Barley and Oats very ftnn.
Corn and Rye still neglected and zveak.
Beans, Hay and Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Potatoes .firm, Onions steady and Vegetables weak.
No further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.' . i
Oranges and Bananas higher and Strawberries lower.
Ten cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Vried Fruits continue dull.
Cottolene advanced. Cured Meats quiet and easy.
Rather more doing in the oil stocks.
Local stocks and bonds dull and featureless.
NEW YORK, April .17.— Money on call, firm
at 4©5 per cent; last loan, 4; ruling rate. 5;
I-rlme mercantile paper,- 3%@4% per cent: ster
ling exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7% for demand and $4 84%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85% and $1 89;
commercial bills. 54 S4@4 S4%; silver certificates,
nominally at 60c; bar silver, 59%c; Mexican
dollars, 4Sc; Government bonds, weak; State
londs. inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
A T ew York Money Market.
LONDON, April 17.— Atchison, 66%; Canadian
Pacific, 97Vi: Union ; Pacific preferred,' 87%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk,
S\; Anaconda, 11. Bar sliver, steady, 27 3-16d
per ounce. Money, ¦ 2%@3 per cent.
CLOSING.
Business on the Stock . Exchange here con
tinued'firm on a restricted scale to-day, though
the tone was firm. In the American depart
ment trading began heavy, with many signs
of nervousness. The bulges in Erie and North
ern Pacific had excited some anxiety and busi
ness remained dull until In the afternoon. . In
deed, almost nothing was done until the open
ing in New York, and then the trading be
came ' wildly erratic.' Northern Paclfica^ and
Eries went down, [rallied, dipped again "and
recovered. The market seemed to lack nerve,
but Eries. Readings and Southern Railways
are- confidently tipped, for a further rise, the
Readings because they have not participated
proportionately in the advance of. the other
coalers. The Continent bought Missouri Paci
fic,. Kansas Pacific and 'Mexican National.
The bank has bought £445,000 in bars. The
Government is disbursing freely to prepare the
market for a war loan. It is improbable that
the bank rate will be reduced, to-morrow, but
it may be fixed at 3% per cent next week.-
NEW YORK. April 17.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial .cablegram says:
London Market.
greece ...1 30|Ophir . ....... ....... 80
Brunswick Con ... 20 1 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel. .'.051& Potosi j...... 07
Con Cal & Va 2 30 Savage '...... 10
Deadwood Terra.... oOJSlerra Nevada 2S
Horn Silver llftiSmall Hopes ...... 65
J ro " Silver 60 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-r . West End ..:...„• 98
Call loans 3 @4 Westingh Elec ... 64^
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s ....... 10U4
A T & St Fe 66% X E Gas & C 5s. 65W,
Do prefd 98 J Mining Shares— :
Amer Sugar ...... 149% Adventure ..:. 16ft
Do prefd ..125 Bingham Mi n Co. 26%
Boston & Albany. 2CJ Amal Copper.; 124H
Boston L 175% Atlantic 34
Boston &¦ Maine. .195 Boston & Mont.... 429 "
Chi Bur & Q......193% Butte & Boston ..115
Dominion Coal ..«.. 36% Calumet & Hecla..838
Do prefd 1UH4 Centennial ......... 31%
Fitchburg prefd. ..147 Franklin- « .78
Gen Electric 224 Humboldt 25
Ed Elec 111 24? Osceola .87
Mexican'Cent .... 24% Parrott 56%
N E Gas & Coke. 10% Quincy ........181
Old Colony 210 Santa Fe Copper.. 9%
Old Dominion 36 Tamarack ;.344
Rubber 21 Utah Mining ...... 36
Union Pacific ..... 94% Winona 4%
Union Land ...... 4 ¦ |Wolverines 63%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CORN— Spot— Firm; American mixed- new, 4s
Id; American mixed old, 4s 2d. Futures
Quiet^ May, 4s Id; July, 3s ll%d; September.
3s ll»id.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull ; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 5s 10%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s %d:
No. 1 California,' 6s l%d. Futures — Steady;
May, SB 5%d; July, 6s 9%d. ' .
LIVERPOOL, Anril 17.— Wheat, quiet; No.
1 standard California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, weak: flour - in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fins. . - •• - ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
CLOSING. -. .
LONDON, April 17.— Consols, . 95 7-16; sliver,
27 3-16d: cargoes on passage,' quiet and steady;
cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 7%d; English coun
try markets, come higher, some lower. ' .
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Wash., Aoril 17.—WHEAT—Un
changed; blue stem, 59c; club, 56%c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. April 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 57@57%c; blue stem, 59c. 1
Cleared— Steamer Warfleld for Callao 164,331
bushels of wheat
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's • Business.
PORTLAND, Or., April 17.— Clearings, $304,
72S; balances, $50,634. , . ..
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep and lambs
weak. Good to choice wethers, $4 65@4 90; fair
to choice mixed, $4 40® 4- 65; Western sheep,
$4 60(^4 90; yearlings, $4 65<Sf5; native lambs,
$4 65@5 30; Western lambs, $4 90@5 30.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow,
23,000; left over. 5000. Slow; top. $6 12%; mixed
and butchers'. $5 S0@6 07V4; good to choice
heavy. $5 90@6 12V4: rough heavy, $5 75(S|'5 85;
light, $5 70@6 02%; bulk of sales, $3 87%@S 05.
CHICAGO. April 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
17,000, including 200 Texans. Good to choice
steers, firm: others steady to slow; butchers'
stock, strong; Texans, firm. . Good to prime
steers.' $5@6;, poor to medium, $3 83@4 95;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@4S5; cows, $2 73
@4 50; heifers, J2SC@4.75; canners. $2® 2 70:
bulls. $2 S0«?4 40; calves. $4@5; Texas fed
steers, $4 255T5 35; Texas grass steers, $3 50®
4; Texas bulls, $2 75®3 90. .
Chicago Livestock Market.
The ¦ rales for the week In Boston amounted
to 3.4S3.000 pounds domestic and 625,000 pounds
foreign, making a total. of 4,108,000, against a
total of.-3.608,000 for the previous week, and a
total of 2,432,000 for the corresponding week
last year. The sales since January \ amount
to 72.S42.900 pounds, . against 49.S59.900 pounds
for the corresponding time last year.
There is. if anything, a little more of a dis
position to buy than was noted a week ago,
but it is a between seasons period with the
mills, initial orders for heavyweights being
practically, completed and it being too early
for the duplicate orders to set in.- Finer wools
are relatively stroncer than medium and low
wools, and the inquiry seems to be run
ntnjr more to the finer ¦ sorts than formerly.
The tone of the market is quite' firm, although
it is as yet impossible to secure better prices
for wools. There have been some Nevada
wools purchased for Eastern account.
There has been a fair, steady trade in prog
sress since our last review, mostly with . the
medium-Sized mills. The '. largest consumers
have done very little and very few sales of any
magnitude are reported. .The aggregate of the
takings of the smaller purchases, however,
foots ud a fair-sized total, exceeding 4,000,000
pounds. ¦ . . •
BOSTON. April 17.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of the wool trade.to
morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. April 17.— The opening was
steady, .witn prices unchanged to 2 points
lower. From that level there was a gradual
Improvement all along the line, with July
leading the advance. Then came a reaction of
6 points . and a lull in the outside demand.
The market closed steady at a net advance of
6@10 points. ¦ ---->:.'¦ ¦-<
New York Cotton Market.
Copper in London declined 15s and experi
enced a weak undertone, with spot closing at
£70 3s 9d and futures £70 12s. Here, however,
the market was more or less nominal' at un
changed prices.- Exports of copper are ex
tremely small, amounting for the first hilf of
April to only 2500 tons, against a total of 12,475
lor April a year ago. This factor was attrib
uted to a lack of European demand, where con
sumption has fallen off materially.' A little
steadier feeling prevailed In spelter, owing to
a light local Inquiry, and prices at the close
were 2V6 points higher than yesterday, with the
tone firm. A rise of 7s 6d abroad to £16 13s
helped the steadiness. Lead remains Inactive
and unchanged at $4 37%. Domestic iron mar
kets ruled quiet but about steady at unchanged
prices. ...
NEW YORK. April 17.— The metal market,
ci! "the whole, „ was ; somewhat better Ic day.
Advanced quotations were reported for tin and
spelter, with news from abroad indicating gen
oral firmness. Tin in local circles rose about
25 points in sympathy with the advance for
that metal in London, said to be the result of
American speculative dealings, despite the fact
that the : statistical outlook remains bearish.
The close here 'was firmer »t $26 70. wnll.; at
London closing prices were £117 12s 6d on spot
and. £115 5s for futures. A fair businesi was
c'one* In both markets.
\ -• LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' : >.'i.v • May. July.
Opening .-.;¦ 59 5 9Vi
Closing ;; -5 9U 5 0%
¦_± i - ¦ • . PARIS. .
Wheat- ¦ • •¦ , April. May- Aug.
Opening ig 55 f v 19 23
Closing ..-.. r.. ...:.... 18 55 19 25
Flour —
Opening ;....... 23 55 .24 20-
Closing ¦ .•.......;......... 23 55 24 20
. " 'New York Metal Market. '
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. 56 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend,;$9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite 'Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton ; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; -Calcutta
Grain Baes. C%c: local make, %c less than
Calcuttas ; . Wool Bags, 30@34c ; Fleece • Twine
General Merchandise.
WOOL, — Spring. 1900 • or 1901 — Humboldt and
Mendocino, Io(gl6c per lb: Northern, free, 12®
13c;. defective, 9® He: Middle 1 County, free, 10®
lie:, do, defective, SSlOc; Southern. 12 months,
S@9e; Southern, free, 7 months, 7®10c: do, de
fective. 7 . months. 7@8c; Oregon Vallav. : fine,
15SZ16c: <lo, ! medium and coarse. 145813c: Or^^"n
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
TADXAV— No. 1 rendered, 4%e per lb; No 2
3%@4c: grease. 2lff2Hc.-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lHc under - Quotations. Heavy Salted
Ptoers. 9V4c:- medium. SHc; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, SV4c for heavy and 8c for light; StagM.
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
C«!f. 10c: nrv Hides, 15tic: Culls. lSc; Dry
Kip, ISc; Dry Calf, We; Culls and Brands, 12J*
13c: Sh»epsl<lns, shearlings, 15itf25c each; short
Wool. 204440c each; medium, E04J6.V:; long Wool
75c(fTIl each; Horse Hides, rait, $2 50 for large
and $2<f?2 25 for medium, jl®l 23 for small and
50e for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and £0e for Colts
Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c: tall or
medium skins, 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, iOc; medium, 35c. .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARn— Tierces quoted at C%c per lb for
compound and lOUo for pure; half-barrels.
pur». 10^c: 10-lb tins, ll>;o; B-lb tins. HHc.
. COTTOLENE— One. hnlf -barrel, ST&c; three
half-barrels. 8?4c;.one tierce, SHo; two tlercea.
SUc nve tierces, S-\c per lb. j
¦CURED MEATS— Bacon," 13o per lb for
heavy. i;t J«J I3o for light medium, 13Ho for
llKht. U\~c for extra light and lSHo for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beeff *12 per barrel: extra Mesa, $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15©15 60: extra
clear, $22 50; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, lie per
lb. ' , . *
Cottolene is. marked up. The market for
every thing else, under this head is quieter and
the feeling Is easy. x ' * • ¦ .
HONEY— Comb. 13!4@14c for bright and 12%
(S13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7^ic; .light amber extracted, 5<@6c; dark, 4@
5c per lb. '
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8810c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts/ No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9V4c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12@lSc
for papershell. 9@llc for • softshell: Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c; Fil
berts, 12@12Vf;c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoahuls,
?3 5C@5. .
RAISINS— The Raisin . Growers' ¦ Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per .lb;. choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached .Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO'/ic per lb;
choice. -9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached' Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
Blic ; 4-crown, 7c ; 3-crown, 6^4c ; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. ¦ 5c; 3-crown, 6%c, and
4-crown,' 5%c; 6eeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crqwn,
$1 60; Fancy' Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial. $3. AH prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 2c; 30-40s, — ;
40-50s, 1%c; 50-60s. 3»ic; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-SOs, 2%c;
SO-OOs, l%c; 90-lCOs, l%c; 100-120S, l&c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made. • '
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c ' for Royals and
8%@10c"for 'Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
3%@5c; sun-dried, lV4@2c; Peaches, 3@3tec for
standard. 4@5c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c;. Plums, pitted, 3>£@5c; unpitted,
l@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4&c for red and 4@5c
for white.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being quiet. ¦"•'-.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 23;
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, S0c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 50c @$1 for common and $1 25@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$i 50; Bananas, $1 S0@3 per bunch fOF New Or
leans and 75c@$l 50 for Honolulu; Pineapples.
75c@$2 per dozen. •
APPLES— $1®2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9' per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. . Receipts
were 275 chests. « ' . .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—.
Orange's are very 'firm and stocks are not
large, while the demand is good. Lemons and
Limes are unchanged. Bananas have a wider
range and fine fruit Is higher. ¦ ... hi
Strawberries continue to decline under stead
ily increasing, receipts.
Ten cars . of Oranges were auctioned at still
higher prices, as follows: Fancy Navels, $1 30
Cut 30; choice do, 90c@$l 90; standard do, 70c@
$1 45. - . '
No Cherries came in.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9Hc; .choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas. lO'.ie;
Eastern, full cream, H®lGc per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 16c;. mixed
colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 14c; standard,
13c; seconds, .
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras. 15c; firsts, 14Mic; seconds, ;
store, 12c. jj
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. l"@17Hc per lb for
fancy, and . 16@16%c for i seconds; dairy, 14@l6c
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 3H@10c; old, 9c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15U@17c for good to fancy;
store, 14® 15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Receipts were 55.400 pounds and 137 tubs of
Butter, 1668 cases Eggs. cases Eastern
Eggs. 26,300 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. •"."•
AH descriptions stood the eame." Cheese was
in moderate supply and rather firm than other
wise. Eggs were steady 'with sufficient sup
plfes for the current demand,. and Butter was
dull. ¦ * ¦ ; . - .'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another .-car of "Eastern came in, making
three lor the week. Local ' Poultry showed no
change, supplies being sufficient and the de
mand fair. . '
Game is nominal, receipts being small and
irregular.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gob
blers and 12@13c : for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75: Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks, i $5@6
for old and $6@7 GO for young; Hens, $3 50@5;
young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roosters, • $3 50
@4 50; Fryers, $5@5 50; Broilers, $4@4 50 . for
large and ¦ $2@3 50 for small ; ¦ Pigeons. $2 per
dozen for old and . $2 53@2 75 for Squabs. - .
GAME— Gray 1 Geese,- $3; White Geese, $1;
Brant, $1 50; English Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe.
$1 50; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tail and' 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l 23 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
$1@1 25 per sack; Strlng-'Beans," 6<?Sc; Cabbage,
50@60c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 75 per crate;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles, per lb; Green
Peppers, Los -Angeles, per lb for Chile
and for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 20@25c per lb; Carrots, 25@35e per. sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l per dozen; Sum
mer Squash, $1 25@1 50 per box; Garlic, 4@6c
per lb. • . -.
ONIONS— Oregons, $3@3 35 per ctl; Nevadas,
$3@3 50; Cut Onions, ¦ 60c@$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralians, $3@3 75; Green Onions, 35@50o ' per
box. '
- POTATOES — Early Rose. 70@90c; Burbanks,
40@60c for River and $1@1 20 for Oregon ; - Gar
net ' Chiles from ; Oregon, $1@1 15; Sweets, 50®
60c for Merced; New, Potatoes, ,l@Uic per lb.
All good Potatoes, no matter of what varie
ty.' are firm, , though there Is no further ad
vance. . Onions are as before quoted.
Asparagus, Rhubarb and Green Peas were all
lower. White Onions : from. San Leandro
brought $3 per ctl. Otherwise there was noth
ing new in Vegetables. • . ,"
Receipts were 1381 boxes Asparagus, 480 boxes
Rhubarb, 5S9 sacks Bay . Peas and 415 sacks
New Potatoes. ' '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow.
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 50(33: Canary, ZM&
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H@SVic for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2#c; Hemp,
3^0; Timothy, 6«*c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles," $2®2 50; Green." $2 70®
3 per ctl ; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation . stands the same, white Beans
being firm and Pinks weak.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 75
@4 90; Large White* '$4@4 15: Pink, $1 75@1 90;
Red, ?3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; Llmas, $8 25
@6 50: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $5^8; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@3 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%o per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton. - ; '¦¦•
FEEDSTVFFS-Rolled Barley, $17 5O@1S per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S<§!26; jobbing.
$26.60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S: Corn Meal, $25®
23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50@26; Mixed • Feed.
$15ig>16. "•.:¦»?•¦ ¦¦¦¦-..
for ': all descriptions ¦ under ' this head ' being
steady and • featureless. . ,.'•"-
BRAIs* — $15 50@16 50 per ton.* !
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 17.
Flour, qr sks 1S.323 Brandy." gals 500
Wheat, ctls 12.1V> Wine, itals 5J.CS0
Barley, ctls.. y,l"5 Wool, bales.'. SC3
Beans, sks 100 Leather, rolls....'. 31
Potatoes, sks 7.901 Pelts. Mis 3,801
Onions.- sks 5G Hides, -No 557
Bran, sks 5,6o% Raisins, bzs 1.2TG
Middlings, sks.... 710 Sugar, ctls 4.530
Hay. tons 2ji0 Chicory, bbls 15
Shorts, sks.. 9S> . ¦ .^.
Receipts of Produce.
LAMB— Spring:. 9®9#c per pound.
PORK— Live Hosts. ISO lbs and under. 6Sc:
ISO to 225 lbs. 6%@6Hc: 225. and over. 6@6>»c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%@3^4c
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 607c per lb for
cows.
VEAL-Large, 7ff8c: small. 8<g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@S",£c; Ewes, 7%®Sc per
pound. " •
San Francisco Meat Market.
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
*S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord-
SUGAR— The. Western Sugar Refining . Com
pany quotes,* per lb. in ICO-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.63c;. Dry Granulated. 5.35c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; Extra C.
5.05c: Golden C, 4.S5c: barrels, 10c more: hair
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for ' less «han «»
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. haU-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes 6.65c per lb. : - ¦ l^ 1
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Alaska Codflsh Co.
announces that it is temporarily out of the
market, owing to the wreck of Us schooner
Anna In Sanak Harbor. Alaska, with a cargo
of Codfish on board. It expects, however, to
have new flsh on the market before June 1.
market was weak: creameries, 15@20c; dairies, 1
ll@lSc. • Cheese, quiet; 9%®llVic. . Effgs. firm;
fresh, 12c. c , - -* • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . - : - ¦< — r ;. ,- ¦
XETE SAST CALL, THURSDAY, AFR1L, 1 S, 19O1.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
THE STOCK MARKET.
AUCTION -SALES
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE.
Ey. Order of AssJsnee.
Of Contents of SALE AND LIVERY STABLE
Located at
1140 FOLSOM STREET.
THIS DAY. t _,, ,„
THURSDAT... April 13
/ •, At 11 O'clock. • '
Stock consists o* 23 Work and Driving
Horses, 10 Open Buggies. 7 Top Bug-
jrles, 8 Carts, 4- Surreys. 2 Hacks. 3
Top Rockaways, 2 Waironettes. 3 Rub-
ber-tired Bujwrles. 1 O'Brien Patent Sprin?
Pneurr.utic Tire Road Buggy, only used a few
times (cost *330 thr^e months ago), has pole
and shafts; 40 Sets Work and Bug?ry Harness.
4 Saddles. 100 Extra Collars. Lot Wheels, Top.
etc.: 2 Chests of Tools.
• Sale rain or shine, as e-verythlnff positively
must be sold on this date.
S. "WATKTNS. Auctioneer.THE WOMAN WHO JUMPED
OVERBOARD AND HER
BRAVE RESCUER.
DEATH SUMMONS A PROMINENT
LUMBER DEALER OF CALIFORNIA
"XII>" "WTLULAMS- A COMER.
STOCKTON, April 17.-"Kid" Williams
clearly demonstrated to-night that he la
a "comer" and that it will take a top
notcher to defeat him at 144 pounds. He
made a whirlwind fight against Fred Mul
ler and practically .had him knocked out
n the fifth round, when Referee Eckhardt
stopped the fight and declared the "Kid
the winner. He cut out a terrific pace
from the start and drove Muller all over
the ring, landing hard lefts on him at
will. Tommy Gllfeather was given the
decision over George Curran at the end of
twenty rounds.
JUDGE HUNT ORDERS
MRS. REEVES REINSTATED
Court Holds That Her Removal From
Polytechnic High School Was
' Illegal.
A writ of mandate has been issued by
judge Hunt directing the Board of Edu
cation to reinstate Mrs. Irene M. Reeves
as a teacher in the Polytechnic High,
School. Mrs! Reeves was removed froai
her position on April 26, 1809, and assigned
to a primary school. Subsequently she
was assigned to teach a class in the Chi
nC O S n luK^aftTJ-flled a petition for a
writ of mandate to compel the board to
reinstate her in her old position and to
pay her the difference between *140 a
month, the High School salary, and $76 _ a
month/which she drew as a teacher in tho
Chinese Primary, from the time of her re
moval asTteaThe; in the Polytechnic High
School up to the time of the filing of the
Pe in t his decision, which orders the writ to
issue and gives judgment in favor of the
petitioner for the difference In salary as
prayed. Judge Hunt says that not only
was the removal of Mrs. Reeves illegal,
but that the Board of Education erred In
placing J. R- Daniels, now Justice of tho
Peace, in the position made vacant by the
removal of Mrs. Reeves, as the certificate
held by Mrs. Reeves antedated that helu,
by Judge Daniels. n
Judge Daniels, though now on the bench,
also teaches an evening class at the Poly
technic High School. Judge Hunt s de
cision may necessitate the transfer or.
possibly, the removal of Daniels from the
active list of teachers.
PERSONAL.
Joseph Boedsfeld of Colusa Is at the Oc
cidental.
W. S. Haramon of Oroville. a minlns
man. Is at the Palace*.
John W. Mitchell, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace. •
W. Forsyth, a raisin srrower of Fresno
County. Is at the Occidental.
A. B. Hammond and \V. F. N. Davis of
Portland are at the Palace.
George T. Smith, eastern superintendent
of the Star Union Line, is In the city.
Ex- Adjutant General A. W. Barrett la
registered at the California from Los An
geles.
W r M. Wallace, United States army, it
registered at the Occidental from Matan
zas, Cuba.
S. H. Babcock, general traffic manager
of the Rio Grande Western Railway, is at
the Palace.
Dr. Ward Hale Is registered at the
Grand from Shanghai. He is accompanist
by his wife.
Dr. and Mrs. William P. Sprague. hav
ing given up their residence In New York
City, have returned to San Francisco and
will make their home at 614 Jones street.
J. K. McGulre. Mayor of Syracuse, N.
Y., Is in the city on a pleasure trip. H*
is a well-known politician, high in th*
councils of the Democratic partv of N*V
York State. Mr. McGuirc is registered at
the Palace.
Major General L. d'Ar'amonoff of tii^
general staff of the Russian army Is reg
istered at the Palace. He haa just re
turned from Manchuria, where, he savs.
the country has returned to a peaceful
footing with the Russian troops in control.
He says within a year the Trans-Siberian
railway will have been finished.
. PEKING, April 17.— The palace of tho
Empress, Inhabited by Count von "Walder
see and his staff, was burned to tho
ground to-day. Major General Schwarts
enkop, Count von Waldersee'3 chief of
staff, has disappeared. "With the excep
tion of the military papers everything
was destroyed.
' BERLIN. April 17.— A dispatch from
Peking says that Count von Walderse<>
escaped from the burning palace of the
Kmpress. which was destroyed by fire
yesterday, through a window with great
difficulty. Major General Schwartzenkop,
Count von Waldersee's chief of staff, ap
pears to have lost his life by returning to
the burning bultding after having escaped
from it. Incendiarism is suspected.
Incendiarism Is Suspected in
a Blaze That Destroys a
. £ Palace at Peking.
General Schwartzenkop,
However, Loses
His Life.
VON ILDEHSEE
ESCAPES FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIIi 18, 1901.
Cordelia Botkin Case.
: The remittltur from "the Supreme Court
in the case of Mrs. Cordelia Bdtkin,
charged with murder,- was received yes-
JACOB G. JACKSON, president of
the Caspar Lumber Company and
one of the most prominent lumber
dealers of the State, passed away
- at the residence of his family, 911
Sutter street, ut an early hour yesterday
morning. The deceased had attained the
advanced age of 84 years. For the past .
two or three months he had been confined
to his home suffering from a complication
of kidney and heart troubles, from which t
death finally resulted.
J. G. Jackson was born in March, 1817, ¦':
at Johnsbury, Vt. After having received
the rudiments of a common school educa- I
tlon he came to this city and entered into
partnership with A. M. Simpson in the re
tail lumber business. Subsequently, after
the partnership had been dissolved, he en
gaged in shipping lumber to Australia. In
1860 he secured an interest in a mill and "
timber holdings at Caspar, Mendocino
County, and in - 1883, - having acquired en
tire control of the business, he incorpo
rated the Caspar r Lumber: Company, of
which he has since been president and
active manager. Under his competent
management, the company, enjoyed the
greatest prosperity and became one of the
largest dealers In California lumber.
.Mr. Jackson was a member of the Mer
chants' Exchange and a deacon in the
First Unitarian Church, with which he
became identified. at the time Starr King
was pastor. ¦ Ho never mingled in politics,
but devoted his energies to his business
and to promoting the happiness of his
family. . . • .
He leaves a 'widow and one daughter,
Mrs. Henry Krebs. He was the grand
father of Clarence E. de Camp. Casimir J.
Wood, Mrs. F. A. Wakerley, Miss Elvenia
Jackson and Jacob Green Jackson Jr.
The funeral will '¦ take place from- the
First Unitarian Church,. Geary and Frank
lin streets, to-morrow. . : . :
terday morning, and Judge Lawlor, act
ing for Judge Cook, instructed Clerk
Tolle to spread it on the minutes of the
court. At -some. future day..thecase will
be put on the calendar of the court. for
trial.' . ¦: . • /i-tav }'¦>->-• ¦:¦:;
ASPIRANTS FOB, OFFICE
SCORN THE BLUE BOOK
Candidates in the Field to Succeed
Frank H. Gould, Building and
Loan Commissioner. '
The State Blue Book may be misleading
In legard to the. tenure of office of the
Building diid Loan Commissioner. Accord
ing to the* book the terms of the incum
bents—Frank H. Gould and E. D. McCabe
— end in May. 1903. They were aouointed
some time during the administration of
Governor Budd.
Among the candidates in the field to
succeed Frank H. Gould are Speaker C.
W. Pendleton. Frank Marston. James L.
Field and J. Alva -Watt. The activity of
the aspirants to secur* ihe Immediate fa
vor of Governor Gatre signifies that
something not Indicated in the Blue Book
has been discovered. '.Hie salary of the
office is ?2400 per annum. The early and
vigorous pressure creates the belief that
Governor Gage- Intenus to - appoint Mr.
Gould's successor before May, 1903.
THE LATE JACOB G. JACKSON, THE PIONEER LUMBERMAN OF THIS
STATE, WHO PASSED AWAY AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY YESTER
DAY AT AN ADVANCED AGE. ¦¦¦"-¦.•..
CALIFOENIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April IV".— The following
Californlar.s have arrived at the hotel:;:
Arlington— Mr. and Mrs. AV. Huntlngton,
Miss E. M. Huntlngton. San Francisco;
ft. James* — R. J. Lewis. San Jose: Nation
al—T. Goremex, California: B, O. Lincoln.
Mr?. T. Large. A. T. A. Classin, San
Francipco; Raleigh— A. Manter, San
Francisco; Mr.' and Mra. G. Borden, Misd
J. Bazata. Los= Ancreios.
AGED BLIND PAUPEB
COMMITS SUICIDE
Martin Brenner, an Inmate of the Pa
cific Hebrew Home, Ends
Sis Existence.
Martin Brenner, 70 years old. blind and
poverty stricken, placed the muzzle of a
revolver against his ri ht temple yester
day.afternoon and sent a bullet into his
brain.
Brenner had been an inmate of the Pa
cific Hebrew Home for the past three
years. He was formerly a waiter and
when his affliction left him in a helpless
condition the sympathies of S. W. Levy
¦were enlisted and he secured a home for
Brenner in the institute. An inmate
namcci Fish was detailed to lead Brenner
around the grounds and he had not left
the ol«1 man alone more than a minute
whpn Brenner killed himself.
Tho bedy was removed to the Morgue.
MYSTEBIOTJS SHOOTING
ON KENTUCKY STREET
Louis Van BCarten, Saloon-Keeper,
and His Son Tell Conflicting
Stories.
A mysterious shooting affair occurred
In the saloon at 335 Kentucky street last
night. The proprietor, Louis Van Harten,
received a dangerous bullet wound
through the arm. Van Harten and his
son claim an unmasked man entered the
saloon and demanded money at the point
of a pistol and fired when refused.
Detective Gibson was detailed on the
case and. made a thorough investigation.
The location of the bloodstains on the
floor contradicted the story of the only
witnesses of the affair. At the hospital
the elder Van Harten told several con
flicting stories and the son became so
tangled In his statements that it became
evident that their version of the story was
a fiction.
Frequenters of the place tell stories of
violent conflicts between son and father,
in one of which, before several witnesses,
the father had attempted to shoot the son
with a revolver, of which he had several
lying about the place.
The first public appearance of the Cali
fornia volunteers since their return from
the Philippines, almost two' years ago, was
made last night at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. Their popularity has not waned.
as was evidenced by the hearty welcome
given them by the hundreds of people who
thronged the immense building.
The boys of California Who made such a
fine reputation for the State are now
known as members of the First Regiment,
National Guard of California, and as sucn
they created a favorable impression with
the audience that assembled to view their
military exhibition and drill. They were
reviewed by Major General J. H. Dicken
son and- his staff and were put through
their paces by Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil.
Notwithstanding the fact that the . ranks
were filled with "recruits, the regiment
showed an exceptional degree of knowl
edge and was repeatedly cheered for the
clever manner in which it performed intri
cate movements. . .
The men of Company G gave a clever
exhibition of skill . with the bayonet, and
the guard mount by details from each
BACE BETWEEN HEER \\
AND CRESCEUS CERTAIN
LEXINGTON, Ky.. April 17.— The match
race between Cresceus and Charley Herr,
scheduled for the October meeting of .the
Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Asso
ciation, Is now an assured fact. Secretary
Wilson to-day received a letter . from
George 'H. Ketchum of Toledo,' owner of
Cresceus, saying that the terms were sat
isfactory. His check for $500,. which
amount of the side bet of $1C0O must be
deposited at once, is expected in a few
days. The horses will contest for a purse
of $7000, of which $2000 goes to the loser.
David Cahill agreed at once to enter
Charley Herr.
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 17.— The race be
tween The Abbott and Cresceus at Bright
on Beach track is off. Mr. Ketchum, own
er of the latter, returned the contracts to
New York - thi3. morning, I claiming they
were not in accord with the original ver
bal agreement.' He will shortly leave wltb
Cresceus for the Oakley track,- Cincinnati,
/Stanford and Washington.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
Manager •. Brightman, representing the
University of Washington track team, is
oh the campus making arrangements with
Manager Gilman of Stanford -for a joint
track meet to be held on the local oval.
The date set is May 22, and the event will
come off provided the students' executive
committee at Stanford will ratify the ar
rangements, which Manager; Gilman 'has
"^STANFORD UNIVERSITY, '- April* 17.—
P. E. Lamb, Stanford's fastest sprinter in
the 220-yard dash, -will probably not be
able to compete in Saturday's big meet.
Lamb contracted a heavy. cold yesterday,
which has resulted in a form of ,the grip.
It was expected that the race between
Cadogan of Berkeley and Lamb of Stan
ford would result in the prettiest and
closest event in the intercollegiate meet. .
Newmarket Racing.
LONDON, April 17.— At the second day's
racing at Newmarket' to-day, an all-aged
selling plate of 100 sovereigns, added' to a
sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns . each for
starters, five furlongs,. for two-year-olds
and upward.- was won by .Valenza. with
Patsy McDermott in the saddle. Oxbridge
came In second with Danny, Maher .up,
and Lothdoon ,was , third. . ¦¦ . •
Jockey Buchanan Suspended.
¦ .LONDON. April .17.— The Jockey Club |
has suspended W. "Buchanan; the Ameri-i
can jockey, J for erratic riding: at New- j
market Tuesday last. I
The evening's exhibition closed with a
dress parade and every one of the 700
militia boys on the floor gave evidence of
a splendid military training.
Those who occupied the reviewing stand
with General Dlckenson and his staff
were Brigadier General Warfleld and
members of his staff. Mayor Phelan, Chief
of Police Sullivan, Colonel Plummer of the
Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry and sev
eral officers of the Fifth Regiment, Na
tional Guard bf California.
After the' drill a reception was tendered
the officers present. The audience ,theh
mingled with the militia men and spent
several hours in dancing to the music fur
nished by the regimental band.
company was particularly pleasing. The
physical : drill of Company C- provoked
hearty applausfe and the close order drill
of Company I was greeted with much
cheering and handclapplng.
BICYCLE THIEF ARRESTED.— David Uf
fendel, a notorious bicycle thief, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Harper and Armstrong
on a charge of grand larceny. He Is accused
of stealing- a bicycle belonging to J. F. Han
cock, 73 Third . street.
the hospital she said her husband, Michael
J. O'Gara, was uniformly kind to her and
that she had no reason for wishing to kill
herself excepting that she sometimes got
severe pains in the back of the head, and
then she seemed to have no control over
her actions. After questioning her Dr.
Morrison said there was nothing mentally
the matter with Mrs. O'Gara, but advised
her to place herself under the care of her
family physician.
Mr. Blank, who bravely went to the res
cue of Mrs. O'Gara, has been many years
in the employ of. Castle Bros., His home
is in Berkeley, and he was on his way to
his office when the chance to show his
heroism canre. He did not pause to meas
ure the probabilities, but was overboard
In ah. instant. He partially dried his
clothes in the fireroom, and on reaching
the city reported at the office and then
went out and bought dry underclothing.
Later he took a run home to assure his
wife that he was all right and uninjured.
The Cudahy interest in the trade and
transportation of Alaska may yet be com
bined with that of the other Alaskan com
panies that recently fortned a corporation
on the Pacific Coast. The non-appear
ance of the name of the North American
Trading and Transportation Company of
Chicago, which is the Cudahy-Healey-
Weare concern, when the list of those in
the combine was given out, occasioned
considerable surprise, for the Chicago
company Is very largely interested and
has $5,000,000 invested in an Alaskan plant,
in trading stations, stocks of goods, etc.
At first it was supposed by the outsiders
that antagonism might be manifested by
the North American Trading and Trans
portation Company, notwithstanding that
Michael Cudahy came personally to San
Francisco to consult with the manage
ment of the other companies when the de
tails of the combination were under dis-r
cusslon.
A dispatch of inquiry was sent to the
North American Trading and Transporta
tion Company by The Call when the of
ficial announcement was made concerning
the parties who were included in the deal
and an answer was received that the com
pany did not know that it was an out
sider. The explanation of this puzzling
response is now furnished. The princioal
movers in the North American Trading
and Transportation Company were in
favor of taking joint action with the Pa
cific Coast companies In 'the Alaskan
trade, but there were some stockholders
who objected when they found that there
were laws of Illinois that seemed to stand
In the way. The management of the
Chicago company is .still working on the
refractory stockholders, according to a
dispatch from the East. Possibly the
deal will be closed in a few weeks.
Prospect That Alaskan
Deal May Include
Chicagoans.
MRS. ANNA O'GARA of 1031
Franklin street, Oakland,
made a desperate attempt to
end her life yesterday. She
Jumped overboard from the
forward deck of the ferry steamer Oak
land, and had it not been for the prompt
assistance rendered her she would have
drowned. Charles A. Blank, manager of
the foreign department of Castle Bros.,
saw the woman leap into the water, and
stripping off his coat and vest he plunged
in after her. The ferryboat was at once
stopped, a boat lowered and in four min
utes both rescued and rescuer were on
the deck again.
When the Oakland reached this side of
the bay Mrs. O'Gara was hurried to the
Harbor Hospital, where she was put to
bed. Shortly afterward her husband came
over from Oakland and took her away in
a hack. He could offer no explanation of
the woman's attempt to take her life.
"Tuesday night there were some friends
at the house and my wife seemed to be
in excellent spirits, said he. "When I
went to my saloon, at 62 Broadway, she
kissed me good-by, and you can imagine
my surprise w-ien I got a telephone mes
ea'ge saying my wife had jumped over
board from the deck of the Oakland."
When the Oakland left the mole on the 8
a m. trip there were about 1500 passengers
aboard. The vessel had not been three
minutes under way when the cry ''man
overboard" was raised. A rush was made
to the starboard side of the boat, and a
woman buoyed up by her skirts was plain
ly seen floating rapidly astern. In an-
CUDAHY'S VIEWS
FAVOR COMBINE
First Appearance of Regiment Since Return From Manila
Calls Forth Plaudits From Large Assemblage.
Fitzgerald of San Francisco, chaplain; Fran
ces G. Williams of San Francisco, guide: Mary
A. McDonald of San Jose, guardian; Marlon,
G. ferry of Vallejo, sentinel; Mrs. E. E. Hall
of . Healdsburgr, Charles Hahn of San Frah
cls?o and D. J. Gairaud of San Jose, trustees,
and Mrs. I*. J. Wheelock, supreme representa
tive.
The per capita tax was fixed at $1 50,
payable in two installments. The sum of
$200 was set aside for the contingent ex
penses of the grand protector, and the
salary of the grand secretary was fixed
at $300 for the year. . .
San Francisco was selected as the place
for the next meeting of the Grand Lodge.
The committee on honored dead pre
sented resolutions of sympathy in mem
ory of Mary E. Cummings of Oakland
T the wnnnfl «!P<?qlnn of thf» Grand
<. A t ?^ s f °"ot t f •
•/\ Lodge ofthe Knights and Ladies
£=±\ of Honor yesterday Z. T. Whit-
A JlV ten was elected.for the third con-
secutive -term to the office of
and Mrs. C. C. O'Donnell of this city.
Other officers were elected as follows:
Louis G. Wolfe of Oakland, vice protector:
H. W. Quitzow of San Francisco, secretary; A.
Oompertz ol San Francisco, treasurer: Ellen
L^d Ee ' D- Zeimer of Bay City Lodge and
Mary.E. Duncan of West End Lodge.
The supreme representative wasiiv
structed to have the degree of past grand
protector conferred by the Supreme Lodge
upon Sarah Beverson and Fredericka,
a supreme deputy and organizer for the
jurisdiction of CalWornia.
AfJi er th J? installation of the new officers
by Past Grand Protector Cummings the
grand body adjourned... .;
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS RECEIVE
HEARTY WELCOME AT THE PAVILION
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK, SUPREME
REPRESENTATIVE OF KNIGHTS
AND LADIES OF HONOR."
The Blanche Walsh engagement at the
Columbia Theater wlil close on v . Sunday
evening next, 'eaviiig but five 'more per
.formances of the splendid spectacle play
"More Than Queen." The engagement has
been a very profitable one from, eveiy
standpoint. Next week and the week fol
lowing the. theater will remain dark ow
ing to the illness of James K. Hackett;
who has been obliged to cancel all en
gagements. The house will reopen on
May 6 with James A.'rferhe in "Sag.Har
bor." The Henry Miller season will coni2
next. . .'.
"Julius Caesar," at the Central Theater,
has found favor with its patrons an.i
Robert Downing is seen at his best In th>J
tragedy as Marc Anton>\ Mason Mitch
ell does excellently as Cassius: Robert
Cummings is the dignified Brutus, ana
Richard Scott makeo much of his small
opportunity in the name part.
'With the week ends the legitimate sea
son at the Central and on Monday next
"A Fair Rebel," a war melodrama, will be
put on. ¦ . ¦:
"A County Fair," with Neil Burg<ess as
that delightful old New Englander, Miss
Abby Prue, is crowdiner the house at the
California Theater. Burcess' conception
of the capable spinster Is a genuinely
clever portrait without, the least touch of
the offensiveness common with most mule
impersonations, and he ts well supported
by his company of m^n, women and
horses. To-morrow n?sht some of the
prominent jockeys from Tanf oran will ride
the horses in Ce great racing scene. Nex:
week "The E>vil Ere." . , ~
"Oh! Susannah!" a frothy farce fash
ioned on the lines of "Charley's Aunt," is
doing well at the Alcazar. Georgia Woou
thorpe as the London s'avey, has a good
part and makes better of it than the play
wright foresaw. "The Conquerors" will be
put on next week. '
"East Lynhe," the, favorite old plav, i?
drawing fairly good houses at the Grand
Opetra-house thi.i week. Next week a big
presentation of "Under Two Flags," a
dramatization of Ouid.l's novel by Ed
ward Eisner, will be given for the first
time in this city. Florence Stone will ;jp
pear as Cigarette and Bertie Cecil will be
played by John Webster.
"The Idol's Eye" is 3till doing excellent
business at the Tivoli. New songs and
jokes keep the opera strictly up to date
and everything goes on rubber tires. Hart
man, Wheelan, Cunningham 'and Webb
keep the comedy going from start to fin
ish and the ladies of the company are all
well cast.
t Francesca Redding, •pith her company,
is the attraction extraordinary at the Or
pheum this week. Miss Redding plays a
fascinating widow in a playlet entitled
"Her Friend From Texas " and is excel
lently supported by Arthur Larkin aiid
John Alden. Horace. Goldin, illusionist,
is a clever magician;, Nice Barbaresehi
and Vittorio Casteila.no take excellent
care of the musical end of the perform
ance, and Prevost ana Prevost, Hal Ste
phens and company; Josephine Gassmann
and her "picks," George H. Wood and the
biograph complete one of the best" bills
the Orpheum has had for "many weeks.
Damery and Bancroft, Laura Lopez.
Jack Symonds, Agnes I ried, Tom Mack,
Moll and Karl, Leota Howard and Mel
ville Coakley are the entertainers of «the
week at Fischer's Concert-house.
La Lista, "the girl cf quality," ami
Leah May, the i giantess, are among the
attractions at the Chutes and Zoo. A fat
people's cakewalk will serve to amuse
this evening's audience along with the
usual Varna teur" programme.
Burgess Crowds California.
Miss Redding at the
Orpheum.
The Popular Actress At
tracts Large Audi
y ences.
BLANCHE WALSH
FILLS COLUMBIA
The executive committee on reception to
President McKinley held a special meet
in» yesterday afternoon at the office of
the chairman, Irving M. Scott, to con
sider particularly the matter of street
decoration and illumination for that
event. A, Sbarboro, chairman of the
committee on decorations, made a report
on the committee's plans, which involve
an estimated expenditure of $10,000 and
contain some novel features.
The plans provide for the illumination
of the ferry depot tower and the dome of
the City Hall. On the former alone 180O
sixteen candie-power Incandescent lights
will be ured. The street illumination
proper will present features departing
radically from those of former illumina
tions. Arc lights will be used instead of
incandescent tamps They will be placed
aiong either siae cf the streets to be ii
lurainatcd at intervals of about fifty feet
and alternating. Each light will be cov
ered with a large Chinese or Japanese
lar.UTn to tone down its glare. Mercnants
and property owners are expected to dec
crate and illuminate lavishly, and the un
covtred arc iights wouid shirre with fuch
a glare that the finer effects would be de
stroyed. But with lanterns to soften the
giare. the committee believes the plan it
has Lit upon will provide a novel and
beautiful illumination.
Market street frcm the ferry depot to
the City Hall, Montgomery street to
Washington, Washington to Keafny
street, Kearny to Market and Third
streets, from Market to the Southern Pa
cific depot are the thoroughfares included
in the lighting scheme. Between the arc
lights there will be hung festoons of ever
greens, and large flags will be used pro
fusely in the decorations. Fireworks are
to be pet off along Market etreet on the
night of the reception.
Awaiting Result of Canvass.
The plan was not formally approved by
the executive committee, as the matter of
funds must be taken into consideration,
and the committee did not deem it ad
visable to authorize the letting of con
tracts until subscriptions have reached a
sum that will warrant the expenditure of
PO large an amount. The plan has the
committees approval, however, and will
probably be formally adopted at the next
meeting.
Chairman AVatkins of the committee on
banquet reported that his committee
would meet to-day to consider the ad
visability of securing a larger place for
the banquet than any of those that have
been under consideration. Maple Hall had
been decided upon, but it Is known now
that it will be inadequate in size. The
Sfarl^s Hall of the Hopkins Art Insti
tute and Mechanics' Pavilion have been
jnisgested in Hjat connection.
The finance committee reported sub
scriptions to the amount of $7209 75. The
committee believes that within the next
ten days it will have secured the entire
$C'\OC0.
Subscriptions Reported.
The following subscriptions were re
ported to-day:
A. ft. McCreery, $100; Greenebaum, Weil &
Michrls. t.".O; Georpe W. GIbbs & Co., tZO; W.
W. Mi-ntajnie *fc Co.. S50; Parke & Lacy Com
pany. ISO; John A. Koeblinsr'E Sons, |50; Joshua
Hendy Machine Works. *oG; George H. Tay
< ompany. |M; Miller, Floss & Scott, J5D; H. S.
Cracker & Co., 525; Kelly & Liebes, $25; Mor
g-an OyrtPr Corni>any, J25; Mack & Co., J25;
Jones-Haddock Comnany, $25; Boston Woven
Hr.se Company; S2T,; Henshaw-Bulkeley Com-
I'anv. $2.">: Columbian Banking: Comnany, $25;
Charles Keilte Comnany. $10: Colman Com
pany, JTO; A. Cailleau, »10; Hammersmith &
F ield, $30; Sommer & Kaufmann. $10; Berteling
Optical Company, $10; "The Toggery," $10; K.
Wuefdorffter & Ferns. $10; Golden Eagle Cloth
ing: Comiany, J10; 'Henry Kahn & Co., *10;
HerwJn At Ga?»ner, $5; Luctle & Co.. $5; Reg
inald. H. Webster. $5; M. Spiro, $2 50; E. W.
BriRps, $2 U<; Abe Harshall. $2 50; Bender
ISroF., $5: N. Irerm. $2; l-iouts Goecken. $2;
Hcrry Wclkinr. Jl; Lauder Bros., $1; George
Wllkeno & Co., 50 cents; Helestes. 50 cents;
H. BJourman, GO cents ; Freeman 4 Wrin, 90
rente; C. A. Carr, 50 cents; C. Heinz, 50 cents;
J. S. Eurkard, 50 cents; C. Hackmelster, EO
cents.
Committee Hopes to Get Full
Amount Within Ten
Days.
Expense of $10,000 In
volved in McKinley
Decorations.
ILLUMINATION
BY ARC LIG HTS
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR
CHOOSE THEIR GRAND OFFICERS
Z. T. Whitten Is Elected Protector for the Third
Consecutive Time—Grand Lodge Asks for a
Supreme Deputy and Organizer for California
HEROIC RESCUE OF A WOMAN
WHO SEEKS DEATH IN THE BAY
Mrs. Anna O'Gara, Overcome by an Irresistible Im
pulse to Commit Suicide, Leaps Overboard
From Ferry-Boat, but C. A. Blank Rescues Her
* ~ — * : — — — .
other moment 1here was a second plunge,
and in a few seconds the excited passen
gers eaw a strong swimirer making rap
idly* for the woman. By this time the
ferry steamer was gathering sternway
and a lifeboat had been lowered. The
couple were got aboard, the lifeboat hoist
ed back into its davits and the Oakland
put on her course again.
Mrs. O'Gara is 47 years old and has five
children. The eldest is a boy of 19 and
the second a daughter 17 years old. At
* •
9
GRAPE-NUTS. f|l|f§t
READY COOKED FOOD.
A Grtat Convenience for House-
keepers.
Two young iadles in a certain city are
employed down town and rent a small
flat, where they do light housekeeping.
Frequently they are invited out evenings,
and the subject of meals is a puzzler.
Of late they liave solved the problem by
helping pome nice rich milk or cream con-
venient and a package of dry. crisp
Grape-Nuts near by.
In thirty Ecconds the meal Is ready, and
it is a most fascinating meal. too. for the
crearey taste biends with the peculiar
delicate eweet of the grape sugar in the
Grape-Xuts, producing a- never-to-be-for-
gotten d£V r - The sustaining power of.ihe
food «s sufficient to keep one well nour-
UhH. even when a small amount is used.
ooocooooooooooooooooooo o-o oooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOO O O O O O O O O Q Q Q Q Q Q Q o Q o Q o o Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q 6 O O O O 0^O_O_0_O_0_0_O_O_00 - O - O |^
HOW I WAS MADE A GENERAL IN THE CHINESE ARMY.
'.v - BY HOMER LEA.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ° °
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
6 O OQ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO o O OO O O 00OOOOOOOOOOOOO° o( ? O_O_O_O_O O O
I -ONE HUNDRED BB THE ||
II AND V: Ullli COMMUTERS If
-TWENTY-EOUR SS?SSS AND ||
oo DAYS IN °HEZ THEIR fg
ill BESIEGED . ssllii VARIOUS f!
oo KiMBERLEY, . iliiii ."STUNTS." °*l
o o - . .oooooo ° °
00 ByF. S.Clark of San Francisco, oooooo By Isabel! Froser. go
00 ' ... • DOOO00 .. °0
0 n , M | . I' OOOO "' ¦- ' - J C
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo oooooo ooooooooooo o^o oooooooo
THE SUNDAY CALL
?-fe: .1— APRIL THE TWENTY-FIBST
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOO OOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO 0 0
o 6 oooooc . oo
i° THE COTILLON IIIIII FICTION, Is
OO" '¦'-•^- OoOOOC 00
oo ; , AS . ooo-o-oo FASHIONS, SS
oc •- poooob »..*.>-.• oo
SS DANCED ssgggg BOOKS H
oo ' . oooooo . '¦¦;,. /-•..'-¦••, J?
oo fi^ BY "o^s-st ._ \ . and °°
oo l»i oooooo n\W oo
II NEW YORK'S 111111 HUMAN INTEREST II
oo- oooooo OC
So FOUR HUNDRED, SSSSSS STORIES, SS
oo... oocooo ; ' oc
3 O naa^MBaMMaawHiKMiMaiM 0 ° O O O 0 *KsiaKKaMBHiaBBnMMaMj ° r
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo coooooooooooooooocooooooooc
ooooooo oooooooobooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo-ooooooooo
oooo ooooooooooooooooooooo o o oo ooooooooooo-oooooooooooooooo
WHO/WERE' THE HITTITES?
oooooooooo o.oo o oooooooooooooocoooooooooooopoooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooTELE SAN FRANCISCO "'* CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL, 18, 1901.
10
HELP WASTED — MALE— Con.__
WANTED— Recruits for the 'marine c°JT>* • J*i
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of goou
character, between the ages of 21 «jd *>£
not less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over i *
. feet 1 Inch; able to read and speak Engllsn^
For further Information apply^at the KM™ 11
Iftg Otflce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
CIGAR rollers" wanted. 621 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Strong boy In bakery; must have
experience. \ 108 Ninth st. -' .
WANTED— Man to carry advertising" sign on
street. Call 342 Kearny st. - - ¦
WANTED— Second waiter; call early. New
' ' Golden Gate Hotel. 134 Fourth st. :
CLERK for grocery and bar. SE- corner Lar-
kin and Sutter sts. - -
WANTED— Painters. Halght and DevJsadero
streets. _¦ i *
MAN to cook and help wait at lunch counter
In coffee house. Call early. 717 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 217 Fourth st.
YOUNG man to wait at table and help In
kitchen. 258 First st.
WANTED— Good second cook who can do short
orders. 206 McAllister st.
STEADY man with $200 cash can mak* $S0
¦ month. Apply 209 Kearny St., room 1. ¦
BARBER wants to rent one chair, furnished
shop. In country town. Box 3869. Call.
WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and
over. Apply at HALE BROS.. 973-9S7 Market
St.. before 11 a. m. -
WANTED— Young man for Janitor work; state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box -2879, Call office. '
WANTED— First-class window dresser, and a
dress, goods talesman; state, age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 2891. Call.
WANTED— First-class cook for hotel; refer-
ences required. ' C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
vllle. Cal. ' - -,
RELIABLE and capable married man to work
on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores* St., between S
and 7 p. m. _j
CARRIAGE Dalnter wanted. Railroad and
Fifth aves., South San Francisco. .
AN errand boy to learn_a trade in cloak manu-
facturing at RATNER'S Cloak House. 131
Post.
WANTED — Boy as apprentice to architect:
some experience. Apply room 30, 131 Post st.
BARBERS— Good shop: 4 revolving chairs; $225;
a. snap. DECKELMAN'S. 106 Ellis st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED- 100 ¦ men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and,
20c. Boston House. ViO Howard st.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years:
mailed free. We have no Be shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all mat**» to our own order, with a view
to cieanllne* and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLF.GE. Co Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
" ~ ~ FOR SALE.
A GOOD paying 2-chalr barber shop and bath
In best mining town In the State: rent $15.
HENRY FALK, Angels Camp, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers a'ld mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
YOUNG man ±o drive milk wagon: German
preferred. 816 Treat ave.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CHEF who can handle busy kitchen. Apply
bet. 8 and 10 a. m.. restaurant 2C6 McAllister.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
IIARRIS CO.. S41 Market st. .-
COATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: scllng 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third St.
AT cash prices for $1 ix-r week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS &. CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
ail parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlDtlons has been established at 109G
Valencia st. . '," -
IIORSES^Ayp j^ACWi^^^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon*, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Iiorse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.^
FOR sale — A fine black mare In good condi-
tion: 4 years old: weight about 900 pounds;
pan be seen at 3293 Mission St. ' ,
FOR /Sale— At Eclipse Stabl*. 1S75 Eddy st.
span of brown mares, 15'4 hands, gentle;
beautiful black horse, wt. 1250, gentle for fam.
S. F. VETERINARY College will Commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG light span of mares and camping
wagon. 1202 Mission St.. room 2.
A— 100 SETS second-band harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
SECOND-HAND hack In good condition for
sale cheap. 321 Eighth St.. Oakland.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies. ' carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN fe SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
; camping wagon, for sale chean. 5"2. Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^P^INraD^ISTnHouseTto let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent — 104 Guerrero st., near Thir-
teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath, laundry and
servants' room: high ground: sanitary plumb-
ing; garden; 1 block from 3 lines of cars;
rent very reasonable.
ELEGANT house, 8 rooms and bath; 31 Scctt
St.; overlooking new park; will rent very
cheap to good, permanent tenant. 728 Haight.
ARLINGTON. 333. near 34th— Cottage, 3 rooms;
yard, chicken house: $6 SO.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
LOW rent to reliable party: a choice sunny
corner of 8 rooms and bath: fine piano; 3
months or longer. 601 • Buchanan Et.
AN S-room house; well furnished; piano; nice
yard: 1512 Howard St.; $40: get permit from
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2. .
NICELY furnished modern house, 7 rooms and
bath: Park location. Box 3740, Call office.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LfcT.
TO let in Santa Barbara— Furnished house;
house and furniture new : fine location ; two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line: ten. minutes' ride from
beach; house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room,' etc.; gas and electric lights; the
most complete and best . furnished house . in
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
-FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
HOTELS TO RENT.
FOR rent, cheap— Hotel of 32 rooms; near city.
Apply at Cozy Restaurant. 1005 Valencia, at.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Last Sunday night, a Newfoundland
dog. at Camp Taylor; well known about the
paper' mills. Finder return the same to
CHARLES THORPE, Camp Taylor. Marin
County; liberal reward.- . .
LOST— Cleveland bicycle. No. 213,692. April 14-
residence 70SA Larkin St.; reward. lS
KRAUS. , | ,
BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, Stfter 10 o'clock
Saturday night; painted dark outside light
inside, with anchor In the boat. Finder
please notify Golden Eagle Mills or FA1R-
BA.VKS. Petaluma. CaL
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan. Society. of San Francitco in the
name of Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association ; No. 212-1240. The ¦ finder will
i please return ¦ to bank.
$50 REWARD-Lost April 15; a large diamond
out of ring setting. Finder receive above
amount on returning It to owner at l*i
Buena Vista ave.. corner Thirteenth St.. city.
LOST— Certificates of deposit on the Pacific
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at 862 Bryant.
REWARD ¦ $10— Lost, star-shaped stickpin set
with diamonds. Box- 3778, Call office.
FOUND^-A white cockatoo. Apply 58 Carme-
lito st. off Waller.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
¦ Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
MATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for, list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills St.
EMPLOYMENT JW ANTED— FEMALE.
In commercial establishment by a young lady;
have had exeperlence and can give ref er-
I ences. 149 Rues st. ¦ ¦ - " - - - ' ¦
WANTED— A position by. a young lady to as-
sist In office work, clerk in book or music
store; small salary to begin with. Address
box 3791. Call office. '
WANTED— By elderly American woman, po-
: sition as working housekeeper or light house-
work ; small family. Address 700 Twenty-sev-
¦ cnth St., - Oakland. ' • .. / , .
A COMPETENT young lady would like posi-
tion- as cashier: experienced; best references.
Address box 3788, Call office. . .
WANTED— By young woman, a few hours'
work daily. Address MRS. EMME, 953 Mis-
Eion st. -•
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework in small family, city or country.
Box 3848, Call. - ¦ .
A .YOUNG woman wants laundry work by the
day; can furnish references. 363 Linden ave.
LADY- wants to " do general housework and
• plain cooking. , 76 Herman st. ¦ .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25cjto U 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week -/convenient ana respectable; free bus
and baggage to and Irom ferry. .
E JIPLOY31EXT WANTED— MALE.^
RELIABLE middle-aged man, 20 years* ex-
perience in care of horses, garden, etc.,
wishes situation on private glace. Address
ERNST BOEGEL, 812 Twentieth St., Oak-
land, Cal. - . . ... '¦ - ¦' " •' '¦
YOUNG man about 26 would like position In
wholesale or commission house: is not
, afraid of work; good references. Address
box -3858, Call office. -¦ ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS confectioner and baker wishes
situation In country. Box 3859. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN. of address and business ex-
perience, desires a position: will accept small
' compensation or commission and salary; ref-
erences. Address box 3789, Call office.
COACHMAN wishes situation in family;. good
driver; can milk; good all around man; refer-
ences. E. L...New Western Hotel, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. . -' '
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work: strong. will-
Ing; used to horses, gardening; useful In gen-
eral; wages no object; references. Box l-lt.
Call dffice, Oakland. • *¦ \
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged barkeeper
In country hotel; references. Address D.
LOVETT. 16 Fifth st. ¦ ' - ¦
BY a young man position as shipping cK»rk or
bookkeeper; can give first-class references.
Box 3S49, Call office. '
STEADY man wishes situation as night watch-
man. H. P., 2221 Bush St. "
DENTIST— Young dentist with 7 years' experi-
ence and all-round man would like to go
in partnership with elderly dentist; either city
or country. Address Dentist. 200 McAllister.
JAPANESE first cook wants place to do
work; hotel in city; wages $35 up. Address
418 Pest st. -• ¦ ¦
. FINANCIAL. "________
r^OR^INVESTORsTT!
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property; gllt-
' edge . bond3 and stocks of electric, gas. rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments made; bank references;
correspondence.- solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
, ... San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat of 7 large sunny rooms: nicely
furnished: would sell furniture cheap. loLJ
Leavenworth st. ~ -
A A— TURK. • 1539. near Steiner— 4 rooms; lot
45x137:6, and stable for 4 horses. "
A— SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and basement,
$10. 110 Perry St.. near Third.
NEAR City Hall; fine sunny top fiat, 6 rooms,
and bath. 12 Grove st
NICE clean sunny flat.' 7 rooms, all newly
renovated. 442 Sixth Et., near Harrison.
TO let— Elegant new large flats. Washington
gt., -between Scott and Devlsadero.
3 NEW elegant flats on Church St., near Mis-,
sion High School. ¦ \
3-ROOM flat; Polk and McAllister. Inquire in
' butcher shop. 'li_^___
J1S — 3 rooms, on first floor: larse basement
underneath and .yard. 812 Ellis St.. nr. Polk.
FLATS TO LET— Fnrnislied.
C54 CHURCH St.— Furnished corner flat of S
rooms; near Eighteenth st. .......
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of a 4-room flat and bath for
sale; rent, of flat only," $10 '.per month. 611
Laguna st., near Hayes. . , .
4 ROOMS furnished in cak. $IS K0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Cn.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
Btoves; give U3 a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FUIIZVITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: 'tel. Red 3333.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandlse.fur.. carpets., etc.
IF you -want to sell furn.. mda:.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1C05 Larklr.; tel. Polk S94;
furniture &. furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
CHAS. LEA'Y buys ycur furniture, carpets,
piano3. etc. 1135 Market "=t. : tel. .Te;=si*» "fit.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
15 waitresses, city an,! country hotels.. $20-$25
Strong woman to run steam washer $25
Second girl for club, country $20
Cook, 15 men. short distance .'.$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Lady's maid, city ; $25
Cook, small fanfily, San Rafael ...S30
German cook. 2 in family $33
House girl. Belvedere, see party here $23
House girls, mining town $25
House girl. 3 in family, Napa" County $25
Second girl, do sewing, same, place $20
House girl, Livermore, see party here.:... $20
Cooks, house girls, second girls, nurses.. $10-J25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A WOMAN to take entire charge and keep ac-
counts in a pearl and shell fishing camp.
Southern California, $40: fare paid: see party
here. 9 a. m. C. R- HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ' ' / ' • ' ¦ . -
A GIRL who is a good plain cook and who
desires nice home; small I American family;.
$13-$20; no washing: ofllce fee paid.' Apply C.
R. , HAN SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
:.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT.............
3 waitresses, same flm-class hotel, near city,
$25; 3 waitresses, same hotel, $20; 12 wait-
resses, different city and country hotels, $20;
2 chambermaids to wait, same place, $20; 2
chambermaids. $17 50
;„. ...FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
Cook, small . family, for Tacoma, see lady
h»re; nurse and seamstress, $20; second, girl,
$20; house girl, Alameda, $25. see lady here;
many others. MRS. M. E.. t>AY & CO., 335
Geary at. /'¦'¦-*'¦ ¦ ¦'¦.''¦ ¦' •' - •- ,
6 EXTRA waitresses, $1 50 day, free fare both
ways; 10 extra waitresses, $1 day, : free fare
both . ways. • MRS. M. E. DAY ,& CO., 335
Geary st. - -- , -' '•)•"•- V '.
WANTED— 16 cooks, $25, ?30 and $35, ,with and
without plain wash, for both city and short
distance in country; 3 second. girls for San
Mateo, Menlo Park and .- San Jose, $25; 5
second girls, city, $20 and $25; 4 waitresses,
¦ $20 and $25; laundress, $20; nurse, $20; 15
girls for housework in surrounding cities and
towns,- $25; 39 girls for housework, In city.
$20 and $25: a splendid lot of places to select
from for a situation. Apply to J. F. ¦ CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦ '-
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses for springs. $20. ¦¦ ¦
WANTED— Girls to sew shirts; good class of
work; good "pay; steady employment guaran-
teed; a few beginners taught. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
GERMAN girl for light housework: has to
mind 2 children of 9 and 4 years old; refer-
ences required. 2112 Vallejo St., Thursday and
Friday, forenoon. - .:
WANTED— First-class trimmer In millinery
department. Apply at' HALE BROS.. 979
Market St., before 11 a. m. T
A LADY of indomitable < energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
A GIRL for general housework and washing;
small fiat;- 2 in family; wages $15. 1039A
Dolores st.,; between 23d and; 24th.
WANTED — Experienced* hands for wrapping
department; women's wear; state salary and
references. Bpx 3854,'. Call office. ->.
FIRST-CLASS cirl to do* upstairs work and
. • sewing; references required. Apply. Thursday
. from 4 to 6 p. m.. at 1900 Jackson St.
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged' woman for
•: general housework; ¦ German ; preferred. .; 1718
r Howard st. '. - . -
A— SEWERS to take work "home.- 723 Market
st'., room 35. . " . . .
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom coats.
(JACOBS. 127 Russ si. '. -Zft'.i \ -.
¦WANTED— First-class - pants finisher. 469%
: Minna st. ->- -¦ ¦ ¦ . ,. J
WANTED— First-ciasT; dressmaker ; - must un-
derstand cutting and fitting. Millinery store.
2332 Fillmore.st. .-. . ; .' - ' ., ¦•¦'•.
WANTKD-Good waist and skirt' hand; also
¦ improver. 2302 Howard St. ¦ ' ¦ '
WANTED— Experienced cashier; state salary
and references. Box SS57. Call office. ¦
YOUNG girl to assist at housework. Apply
( 2102 Golden Gate ave. ,
EXPERIENCED sewer on underskirts; steam
power; good pay: A. AARON. 579 Mission st.
SKIRT hands for . alteration . room, cloak fie-
¦ partment. Emporium. . , ¦ t \ ' ¦¦¦'¦ ' -> - '
MORE young girls to learn cigar making, $3
a week while' learning. 621 Montgomery st.
GIRL wanted, in a small family for general
housework. 2833 Twenty-fourth st.
NEAT. Seams tress for dressmaking apprentice;
paid. Room 129, Spring Valley buildlng.r
LUNCH waitress wanted. • 631 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework: sleep
hopie. Call bet. 10 and 12, 4231 Eighteenth st.
POSITION of trust for upright, honest woman
between "So and 35; small bond required. Re-
liable, box 383S. Call office. '
WANTED— Twd experienced waitresses at In-
ternational Hotel, 824 Kearny St.; wages $20
and found.
COMPETENT i and willing young nurse for.
-children. 1319 Gough St., cor. Post; 2 to 4
p. m. ; references. \ •
WANTED— Girl to assist In general housework
in small family; sleep home; references. 4S5
. Fell st. .
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
.secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Hairdressing College, 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. - Millinery - College, 574 Geary st.
A 1 GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; wages $20. 1810 Laguna st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening. ¦
PANTS finisher "wanted at 253^4 . Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth. . •
WANTED— Good finishers on coats.. 135V6 Na-
toma St., near New Montgomery. .j
WANTED— =A good girl for general housework; I
three In family. . S29 Shrader st. ,
COLORED girl wanted for general housework.
Call at- 1019 Post st. , ...~
WANTED— Girl to attend office and assist in
laundry; wages $4. 114 Hayes st.
TAILORESS on custom ccats; experienced ap-
prentices. 272 Stevenson st.,.bet. 3d and 4th.
STEADY finishers and girl to 'learn on coats, j
• 334 Geary st. ' ;
GIRL for housework and children. 2621 How- j
arc! St., near Twenty-second. & -
AN apprentice on vests; one who has had a
little* experience preferred. Apply at 1713
Howard st. -
GlRL to take care of a baby and assist; steady..
819 Post St. i ¦ ' I
GOOD waist hands and good skirt hands. 7S2
Geary st., near Hyde. i > .-
QUEEN— Send address to J. C. BRYNE, box
37S0, Call office. ' - ' . - ¦- .
COOK for small home cooking parlor. 340 Sut-
ter st. .'••-.. ¦ .
A YOUNG' German girl to assist In light
housework; no washing. 691 McAllister st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for light house-
work. 12 Geary court, near Jones st.
WANTED — Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertiseir.ents and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
..^subscriptions has. been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WAX TED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Maini584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
.'.../. Want 7 a. m. to-day
Carpenters Millwrights
2 millwrights, sawmill company. $4 day, see
bess at our office 8:30 a. m. to-day.
4 carpenters, building factory, 51 fare, $3 25
day; 7 carpenters, city and country, $2 50 to
$3 ;M day: 15 blacksmiths and helpers, city
and country; rough painter, country
Painter, institution, city
Hamessmaker, camp, near city $40
150 laborers- for mines, sawmills and . wood*.
no experience necessary $26.' $S0 and $34
AGRICULTURAL DEPT
15 man, work in hay fields, run mowing ma-
chines, etc .....$26 and $30
•12 teamsters, orchard hands $26 and $30 t
15 milkers and buttermakers.. ...... $30 and $35
Chef cook, officers' mess. $30: also 2 waiters
for mines, see boss here to-day; camp cook,
?£0. I
For full lists containing hundreds of posi-
tions call down and read our bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY, 634-^36 Clay »t.
,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, 4 waiters, . third cook and pan-
¦ tryman for springs, see party here, farss ad-
' vanced; head porter for large hotel; porter
for summer resort; head cook for -summer
resort ; roast cook, j country hotel ; broilers,
fryers and second cooks, city. $55, $50 and $63;
¦ dlshwashcr3. kitchen hands, bell and elevator
boys for city and country hotels.
- Colored waiter, country club $35
' 20 tunnelmen ...$2 to $2 50 a dav
See boss hero....... Free Fare
2 milkers for Oregon, $30 and fare -paid," see
boss here; 6 milkers, $30; 4 farmers, $26 and
board; blacksmith's helper, country, $25 ami
found, gee boss here; 50 woodchoppera, $150
a cord
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
:
A— WA-7TED - .-
Blacksmith and shoe, country.. $45 and board
Butter-maker and milk, country $30
. Road teamster, city S30
German-Swiss milker .'. .$35
3 milkers, country S30
4 farmers, near city $25 and $26
Cook and waiter, country chophouse..?40, $50
Meat cook: institution .....$40
Third hand on bread, country $40
¦3 quarrymen $2 a day
3 single hand miners.... ¦ $2 a day
• 3 shovelers for mine $1 73 a day
Farmer for vineyard, $25, and other places.
Call and reac our bulletin beard. ,W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A^-W ANTED - •••••;
YOUNG man as assistant attendant for boys
training school, short distance In country;
$20 board, lodging and laundry and Increase
to '$25. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay ft.
DELICATESSEN man, $40 and board; waitar
and wife for prl\-ate family, $35; cooks, walt-
' ers dishwashers; boy to learn baker's trade,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st. . ; |
FARMER and wife, near city. $45: man and |
wife, private family, $50; 2 drivers for milk
wagon, $30 and $40; butcher boy, $30 and
found; Scandinavian stableman, $30 an>l
found; choreman, private family,' $23; 10 milk-
ers $30 and $33: teamsters, laborers and oth-
' ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
AT CAL. EMP.. AGENCY. 59 Third; phone red
31— 2 milkers, IS "cows, $30, see boss here; 2
waiters, hotel, city, '$25 and room; black-
smith, country, $40, bed and board: cook for
small hotel, $12 per. week; 4 woodchoppers.
pine 4 ft., $1 25 per cord;-4"men to . make
posts, $3 per hundred-.' pot washer, hotel,
country, $25, bed and board. .¦' -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
Horseshoer and" blacksmith for resort, $30
and found. ' -^ ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; oniy recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 1533. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS — A meeting of the proprietors of
barber shops . charging 10c for a shave will
be held on SUNDAY, the 21st inst., in'MaZ
sonic Room, B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy at, at
2 o'clock.' Business of Importance. By order
of many proprietors. -
CASHIER for restaurant In the best location,
with fine growing business and cheap rent;
must invest $300: will pay $75 month sure and
lncreas;. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market st.
GENTLEMAN of. Indomitable energy and push:
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON".
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Crockery packer of experience; per-
manent position for steady, man. Box 3743,
'Call. '¦ -- ? y.
WANTED— Man to do general farm work and
milk 6 cows; near city. Apply A. HOFF-
MAN.'IS Third st. ' v -- .
TWO strong boys; cook schooner Reliance, for
' Alaska.. 618 Third st.. San Francisco. - »
DISHWASHER wanted. 528 Fourth st.
DISHWASHER at 108 Hayes st. I Call early.
DISHWASHER wanted. 846 Valencia st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker and also pantsmaker
wanted.' MARTIN BROS., .17 Stockton st. •
WANTED— A bright boy for office work. Box
¦ ' 3S6L . Call. • >:.. -" .- ;
GOOD cook : for small boarding-house. 322
Main st. •
WANTED— Pxcsoboy. patent press. . Apply P.
s A; & T. Co., 836 Howard st., this a. in. i
BOY (14) on type; answer by letter. Box 3866,
Call office. - . .- - -
BOY 16 who has worked in ' merchant tailor
store. Apply 9 a." nv M. WEINER, 222 Keirny.
; COAT; pants and vest makers wanted at 635
;, : Keorny. 8 t. - - .,---]
BCSreESS CHAXCES— Con tinned.
RARE CHANOE for 2 good men; Ocean House
road nursery Tor sal's with all improvements;
plants, bulbs, horse% wagons, greenhouses, 4
big tanks holding 50.000 gallons, plenty water,
engine to pump it, pipes covering 15 acres
land ; best place -to raise flowers and i vege-
tables; 1 block from Ingleslde electric car;
lease 10 years; reason for selling, retiring
from business. Apply on place or 25 Fourth
street.
$100— GOOD-PAYING business; dairy produce
and delicacy store; rent $12; call early; leav-
ing city. 324 Fifth st; furniture included.
HARDWARE and ship supply store; doing good
business; if you ar< looking for something
that will pay investigate. 16 Folsom st.
$1500— FOR sale; well paying liquor store and
wine house: transfer corner; fine basement;
everything new; owner having other busi-
ness. Box 3S46. Call office. '
QUARTZ mine for sale or lease; 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address- room 6, 906 Broad-
way, Oakland. '
PENSION— Active partner wanted In long-es-
tablished business: small capital required:
small expense; quick returns; best refs. given
ti required. Pension Partner, box 3731. Call.
BARBERS— Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. Woodland. Cal.. must be sold
this week; price $150. complete.
$125— DAIRY produce store, 727 Laguna st. ;
must be sold to-day at sacrifice^
fcSlALL grocerv and liquor store at a bargain.
Cor. Clipper and Sanchez, bet. 25th and 2*th. . :
FOR Sale— Half-interest in first-class patent;
cheap. Box 2S42. Call office. !
FOR sale— A good general merchandise store In
city. Box 3765, Call office.
NICE bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 106 Eleventh st. .
$S00— SALOON: old-established corner; 2 living
rooms; must sell; other business. 554 Fourth.
$300— PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning; good man; j
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 3733, Call office.
FOR sale— Good-paying branch bakery,' deli-
catessen store. Box 3733. Call. -.
CJGAR stand for rent. NE. corner Davis' and
sts^ .-
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
ure; living rooms complete. 136 Second 6t.
SALOON and furnished rooms for sale. 119
Second 'St.. corner Minna.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call office.
j $350— TOBACCO and cigar store, with living
I rooms; downtown. Box 29S9. Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work_pli r -
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. CalH\
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market 500
14 rooms; on Third st., near Market 550
14 rooms: on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms- north of Market: clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2S00
20 rooms; on Geary st. ; clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 3700
SO-room boarding-house; clears $600.. S000
S-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good Ki
600 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms. • .-
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
J1C0.O00 to loan at 1>4 per cent.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. 5th. •
ATTENTION, SELLER— I can. sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S.",o Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush J28.
If you have hotel, rooming-house cr busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus--
tomtrs for all sizes and prices. I
Buyers, see our list of bargains: |
So rooms: Sutter; central location; good tran-
sient ho-Jse; rent $200 $3600
49 rooms; Market; Al location; rent $170:
good furniture: sunny $3500
34 rooms; Van Ness: rent $180; boarding-
house; good furniture and carpets $35«n>
27 rooms; Post; transient; new furniture and
carpets; rent $113 $2CC0 |
10 rooms; Mason; rent $70; partly unfur-
nished; sunny; good location; yard fSOO j
f-ELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM TUB-
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
10 rooms; Ellis pt.; fine house; only $430
15 rooms: cheap rent; well furnished 475
! 32 rooms; corner house: north of Market.. SCO
I 42 rooms: big money maker; a sacrifice... 2200 j
76 rooms; splendid location; downtown... 3550 j
118 rooms; clears $130 mo.; worth double.. 2100
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and»country hotel*.
See our special bargain "#!=t before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
SEE CUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all .sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
32 rooms, new, clean; clears $50 90S
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
80 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. $000
11 rooms, ¦ only J.200 cash, balance pay-
ments '. BOO
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St..
WINSTON & WOLF, 1C26 Market St.,
Over Wonder Millinery Store
24 rooms; rent $45: part cash $$50
22 rooms; cheap rent; only 450 I
n rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000 I
25 rooms; corner: clears $75 1150
S6 rooms; rent $50; good 1625
18 ROOMS: Mission St.; rent SCO; price $725.
18 rooms; Fifth st. ; rent $65: price $1000.
12 roams; Maajn St.: rent *45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
15 rooms on Grant ave. : rent $75; price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
i buyers; general satlsiaction guaranteed. Call
1 G. W. SCHWEINHAP.D. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2, No. S17 Market st., opp. Mason.
A -^-A A
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, by Call building.
: Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
! and exchanged; I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title.
KISIIER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
45 rooms; north of Market^only $1000
16 rooms: Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms: rent $50: location desirable 900
1 If a, bargain we have them at any price.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 7."9 Market: phone Black 4071
26 rooms; sunny, rent SU0; Post $1800
IS rooms: rent $30; Third st:: cheap 850
3S rooms: I'owell st.; elegant 2100
Many others to choose from.
24 SUNNY rooms: rent only $70 $1700 i
17 rooms; all light: transient 1530 j
43 rooms; Post; half can stand 250O i
33 rooms; Howard: well rented '1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
OLD established boarding-house: 25 'elegant
large rooms: corner; fine grounds, with
stable; downtown; must fell; leaving; no
trifiers. Box 2998. Call office.
FOR sale — 10-room rooming-house: 12S% Ninth
Bt. : good location- and cheap rent; rooms all
rented. ""
ROOMING house, 8 rooms, kitchen; well fur-
niphed; rooms rented. Box 3855. Call office.
SUTTER, 995 — Roomine-house; partly fur-
nished: ]4 room?; very reasonable. ¦
li ROOMS; central; transient: neatly furntshed;
rent $40: bargain. Donnelly Co.. G32 Market >
"¦* *" *"" — — — — "™™ * mmm ~^ m " — — mm ~ *— *^ *— *™ ****" **™
LODGING-HOUSE TO LEASE.
A MODERN first-class lodging-house building
of 60 sunny rooms, complete In all appoint-
ments, will be erected near Geary and Jones
Fts.: for lease; particulars at our office.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Montgomery 8t.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free\,tests. calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of Ills occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers. 13S2 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawcuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining n. specialty: cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Restd. (no- signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
FREE— W. Brockway, nervu-pathist, • locates
dl«eaFe without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure: nervoup and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S convincing teats to-
night; 10c. 32."0 Twenty-second st. ; skeptics
invited; tel. Blue 934.
MEETING every night except Sunday, Mon-
day: 123S Howard; convincing test. Mrs. Max-
well
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
.and flowers. 8 p. m.. 10c. 305 Larkin St.. •
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 303 Larkln st.
PROF. GEE. readings. L. 50c: G. $1; mall. $1;
clr Tues., Thurs.. Sat.. 8 p.m.; 10c 513 Jones.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 Me Alllst-r— Mrs. C. • J.
* - Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c;
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
\ . ¦
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Ca.. corner of Market and Third streets: open
crtil It o'clock every night In the year. ,.r* ;A
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o. m.
S00 Hayes street: open cr.tU ?:30 p. m.
«S McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
€16 Larkln street: op' cnUl 9:30 p. m. *
1?« Mission 6treet: open until 10 p. m.
22fl Market etreet, corner sixteenth; open
t;r.tfl 9 o. m.
:06 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m-
1<"9€ Valencia Ftreet: open until Jp.ni
JCcnhwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets: open until t v. m.
MEETING JtOTICES. 'J.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16,
K "T . Grlien Gate building, €25 Sutter *S%&
' Bt.— Special assembly THIS (THURS- tP)
DAY) EVENING, at S o'clock. The irf
order of the Red Cross will be con- »
f erred before the Grand Commandery. All
sojourning fraters are courteously invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting ol Yerba Buena _^
I>o<Jge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A.
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
held In Commander? Hall. Masonic />j\
Tanple, on THURSDAY EVENING, K&.V
April 18, 1&0L at 8 o'clock. Degree Fourteen.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. fi
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _TV.
EVENING. April 1\ at 7:3J o'clock. )SL2\
'J'hlrd Degree. By order of the Master. ' ~ '
' FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. *
M-. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -^,
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, to attend lK3?
the funeral of our late sojourning "
brother, ALEXANDER FORREST. Master
Masons Invited. By order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
FIDELITY Ledge No. 120, F. and A. M. • ¦ i
—Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- \ZJz
• pree. Matter Masons cordially invited. fV'
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodse No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Precial meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- lK/\
gree. Master Masons are cordially In- * ~ *
\it»d. Bv order of Uie Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re- _^»_
ppectfullv requested to assemble at the })LJ\
Temple FRIDAY, April 19, at !p. m.,'»'
for the purpoe of attending the funeral ob- I
sequies of Brother ELBRIDGE HARTS- |
HORN. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICK. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO SCOTTISH THIS- . CT >-
TLE CLUB— Members are requested 3>> \MyJJ
to assemble at Masonic Temple, "tXXS>
Pott and Montgomery sts.. THIS
iTHfKSDAT) AFTUUXOO.V. at 2 o'clocK,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late clansman, ALEXANDER FORREST.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATKRSON. Recorder.
ET. ANDREW'S Society— Annual v V? *v
family picnic will be held at Fair- Za, iSv/J
fax Park on SATURDAY, May '*Sm^ ?
4. 1901. St. Andrew's Society of
Oakland will participate.
ALLAN POLLOCK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
LAP.ORERS to hold mass-meeting SATUR-
DAY EVENING. April 20. under the auspices
of the Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944,
A. F. L. : a masF-niPcting will be held at
Teutor.ia Hall, 1320 Howard tt.; prominent
labor leaders will address the meeting.
~ )tr,E.\TS WASTED. _
WANTED— A bright man or woman to repre-
»ent us in each locality; light work, good
pay anil steady employment. Address Man-
ager, room i'^6. Sth floor. Parrott bldg.. S. F.
AGENTS — I>o you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS wanted — County rights for best hard-
ware novelty in America. Apply between 8
and 10. W. B. PALMER. New Western Hotel.
MUSICAL agents to sell our tyrolean .harps,
fall at ir.23 Market, betwevn 11 a*id 12.
AUOPTIO.X.
GOOD home open for hf.dlihv boy and girl
babloy. MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
¦ I
ASI'HALTl'M KOOFIXG. \
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks n--
pairpd: portal. 1IS6 Miss-Inn: '.?".. Folsom 1607.
ATTORSI5VS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without Fucceps; collections. G, W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charr^s unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market 5t.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bid*.. 9*7 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
uoauuixu kok cuir.OH.unr.
LADY with nice home would like one or two
- chUJrcii, over 2 years old, to care for. MRS.
A. BURROUGHS. 705 27th st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Child or baby to care for: reason-
able. Box 2707. Call office.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board : yard : best of care. 1607 California st. j
BUSIJKKSS CHANCES.
I WISH to sail my business; first-class paying
barroom close to Chronicle building: stock
ar.J figtures will invoice about $2500; price
£1750: my agent, R. G. VVILKE, 26t± Kearny
St., wi!I give you .particulars as I must leave
at on'-e for Seattle. CHAS. F. T.
A— $?;0— BARBER shop; Market and Mason j
-sts.; good business. H. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearry st. j
A— J13C0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on j
Kearny Bt.; rent $75; clearing $1SO per month; |
daily receipts about JGO. Call R. ii. WILKE. j
2CVi Kearny St. '
A— JCGOO; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining J
hall, etc.; rent $73; place established many I
years; doir.g c steady, good-paying business; j
rare chance for party speaking French and !
German. H. G. WILKE. 26'^ kearny st. I
A— %2Z0; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; "corner; Western Ad-
dition; rent $!0; good business; clean store.
¦ 'all It. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st,
A— SC30: PARTNER wanted in commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Iv-arny.
A— 34000; SALOON on Market Et.; place estab-
lished tnary years and doing a large busl-
Dece; net rent $13^; 6ickness in family com-
pel* owner to sacrifice; a mint. Cali R. G.
W1LKE. 26i.4 Kearny et.
A— S2OC0; PARTNER wanted in old established
fiower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc. ;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all description; established many year« and
cloing a tnorey-maklng business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2C',i Kearny st.
A-J12U0; DELICACY and provision store- 1
block from Mai ket st. : daily receipts from
I"i to S<0: a first-rlass. paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26»£ Kearny st.
A-S2;P-r"esTAURANT; No. 1 location: re-
ceipts 120 day: bargain; this week. STRAND
.6. KAISER, 209 Kearry Et.
A— ?K00 — CORNER grocery and bar; good stock,
cash register, eafe, iiorse. wagon; receipts
$1000 month. STRAND-KAISER, 203 Kearny.
A- $500— PRIVATE boaruing-house; well furn.;
clears Vb mo. Stranq & Kaiser. 203 Kearny.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.'
E00 candyand ice cream stores, SCO-restaurants.
VfO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
¦ —
FOR private *s>: some of tbe best salcons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S MrkL
A— S5iO; CROCKERY, glassware and stoves
¦with fixtures worth 11000; rent J25; fine open-
lit for a bazaar. Kredo & Co.. S2 Flood bldg.
J250— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms; rent $14' re-
cclpts $15 a day. Kredo & Co.. 32 Flood bldg.
GROCERY and bar on Howard Bt. ; rert J50-
4 living rooms and rtable: large basement:
i^fn. JOSEPH. BAILIE. 759 Market St.
RESTAURANT; clears JIM a month: down-
tov.-n: $900; good location. JOSEPH BAILIE
759 Market St.
FPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable cauuy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores: also restaurants, barber shops and
ealoons. FISHER & CO.. S35 Market et.
18 NEW restaurant bargains! We have the
best bargains in the city. Call LUNDIN &
CO.. 906 Market et.
$2200 — HOTEL and bar; fine bar trade; Pacific
st. LUNDIN & CO.. :-06 Market st.
t.'EO— PARTNER wanted in an old estanlished
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average JSO a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 6S2 Market Et.
A— $350; RESTAURANT; no better location in
the city; this is positively worth over $1000
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 226 Pine et. ; phone Davis 326.
A FIRST-CLASS new and 6econd-hand ladies'
clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent is cheap and lo-
cation first-class. Apply between 12 and 1
o'clock at 1023 Folsom St. - -
•WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner in candy business/ 941 Folsom st.
trr— LADY partner for shooting gallery. 532
Telegraph ave.. Oakland; hours 11: to 3 <ijiii»r. r
MATTRESSES AND TTPHOLSTERY.
1IATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 73i-
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
UEUlCAJj.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all elasses of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: tha most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W« O'DONNELL. 101S Markt
ST. GERMAIN HYGIENIC HOSPITAL. "
The marvelous recoveries that .result from
the HYGIENIC TREATMENT as adminis-
tered by St. Germain are astonishing: con-
sumption, rheumatism, piles, neuralgia, lead
poisoning, ulcers, old sores, the stubbornest
things. St. Germain doea not practice medi-
cine or • surgery— simply HYGIENICS. Coi.
Howard and Eighteenth sts. Ready May 1.
DR. AND MRS DA VIES. 122S Market, ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horns
Treatment: harmless; consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market St.. nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known anil reli-
able: 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 i£s^
successful practice: guaranteed treatment af"
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care; low fees.
ALL cases of female complaints cured: expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. bet. Masoa
and Taylor— Reliable ladies' specialist.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand. machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can shrp everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1C21. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
9-INCH sticker band saw and ahaper._ cross-
cut ssw, rip saw. emery wheel: also 13 horse-
power general electric motor; all In good
order. 515 Sixth st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 213 Spear st.
ASK for the S-stone diamond and oca! ring:
price $60; cost $100. UNCLE HARIilS, 13
Grant ave.
FOR sale— Fine stock of chickens. ' all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby sf_, west of
Magee ave, Lorln, Berkeley.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 7i MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren: 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WINE filters, crusher, champagne apparatus,
etc.. at WM. RUEFFS, 118 Day St.
FRESH young- Holsteln cow; good milker; gen-
tle; sell or trade for dry cow. 83 Shotwell st.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 558 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
CANARY birds; choice stock: male and fe-
male. 1377 Minna, rear l.->th,; upper flat.
2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected ; good
shape: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission »t.
ENGINES and boilera: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. j
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mas'c lantern .goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new a::d 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and seconJ hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND windmill complete; capacity
tank about 3000 gallons; state particular.
price, etc. Address Station Agent, Corte
Madera. . ' '
TILTON wants rood second-hand clothing antt
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A^MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MCRPHY.
630 Market St. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.. '
ANY proposition, any amount: 0 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLOP.AN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 816 Market
St.; tel. Main 1614. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
$300.0CO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city;
$15O,C0O on large ranches at fair rates: xecond
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furnitur?, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned on salama; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. l»t or M mtgs; city, country. 6%, un<11-
vlded Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bis.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' E.-.. 431 California.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or ! secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldins;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note -without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. & F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEV WANTED.
WANTED— $30C0; real estate security; good in-
terest. Box 3S67, Call office.
$3000 WANTED In manufacturing shop; first-
class. Box 3*43. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY' S. 308 Post st
Chickerirg ?. $40
Hallett & Davis „.„ m
Dunham 75
Symphony .., 1C0
Gilbert & Co 125
Stelnway 150
Kicca 150
Gabler 275
Steck Baby Grand (like new) «. 4*0
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new).... \. 750
These pianos are all In excellent condition
' and thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed In three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MAUZY Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares, $1 SO; uprights, $3
up. and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person ha vine use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from.- Each the best
¦ of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Stelnway any time -within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $S per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
$3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN CLAY
& CO... Stela-way dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houso
weet of Chicago is KOHLER Sk CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright piano: used S mos.;
must be sacraflced In S days. . »1S Eddy rt.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost toil a song.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. 8COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes «t.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MME. M BERNARD, ' '¦¦ ' : " ¦ ¦ : . ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business ' medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st., next Examiner- bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the.present
' happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble.discontented,- un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, ¦ consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaianteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elevator. '. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 2i5% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant .fc card
reader, born with double v veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. eit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th ; private readings daily, 10 a. .m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor.6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies. 25c; gents, 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the sjpsy. is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MRS". MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;GeVman spoken :tel.Howard 1846,
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^4 Jessie st.. bet. oth an3 6th.
YOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant; names
given; L. 60c; G. • $1. 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
. ing Works, 353-357 Tehama sL ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY .cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St. : phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J.' E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Ca, 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. . 402 Sutt<»r st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944
CONXLIN'S Carpet-Beating WorkC S33 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. • ¦ 1-
CHIROPODISTS.*
CORNS, buniens, ingrown^ nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, .415 Sutter. l
COLLECTION OFFICES. \
i GEORGE W.. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesfr successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2475 Post st.
i i ii
DENTISTS.
A^^h^"ELlECTR^-lSENTAL~CLfNIC. S09~Mair>
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our; specialty; gold crowns,
[ $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fio hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER,. M. D., 'Manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c: plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice' will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years' !
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GKORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARTS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.SIS^ Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;pIates $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
i DR. H.- G. TItUEMAN. *>ntlst. third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bids-
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. W. gT
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. .
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
SKIRT maker wishes engagements by the day.
Box 40, 14 McAllister st. ¦ ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
GA1XAGHER41ARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court • reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportoriil phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Dav
& eve:; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: individual
instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA. BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
,tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
cai therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 3C5 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,n:lning,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; diy, eve; est. 1864. Van*
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course .of Kills bookkeeping and the
Gregg, shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco -Business College, 1236 Market st. .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. fxpP ac.ct.. 220 Parrott bldg..
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rras. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ instruction: catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from I'aris. violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IC08 Mission St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 421 Pine st.
EMPLOY3IEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Emnloyment Office and House-
cleaning "Co.. best help: send men at. short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and . Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants' GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.-
JAPANESE, central houseclean'.ng - & employ-
, inent; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese^ Chl-
nese help. 4*S Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment olflee—
Bert heln. 4UH O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED— FEMALE.
A WELL refined girl of good references would
like a position as cashier In restaurant:
would like work also in icecream parlor.
Box 3&6S. Call. -- ¦ . - - .. .
A STEADY and reliable young woman wishes
steady place in small family; light house-
work: neat housekeeper: references.. Call 7S2
¦ Harrison st.. near Fourth.
RELIABLE woman wishes work ' by tha day.
washing, ironing and sewing. Address 260
Harriet st. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good . cook
and houseworker. wishes light . position in
- country. Box 3SS4, ; Call office. ;-, . j
REFINED middle-aged lady | wishes ¦ position
as housekeeper; city or country. Call 6S-76
. Ellis et., room 57, between 1 and 4 p. m.
SITUATION- wanted by Nova . Scotia Scotch
woman in private family; good cook. Call
1231 Market st. ' ' ¦ ' ' .
GIRL wishes upstairs work and mending. Call
1755B Howard st.
WIDOW wants work -.by the day, week or
| month: 49 Minna 'st. • . *.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do cook-
ing and housework. * Address 1147 Mission st.
WOMAN wants washing. or housecleanlng by
the day. Address L. ; W., 237 Natoma st.;,.'
TWO .Swedish :girls- want' to do housework.'
Please call at 1209B Florida St.-. near 24th.' ;jMiss A Roff, N Y
S H Adams, S D "
H-.A.Weile ¦¦¦.-%¦
Z Dose, Germany
W A Horseforn, Germ
H Koenigman, Germnj
L Artmonoff. Russia
E Edwards, London
.W R Blackmlre, Londr
A E Rosedale, Londor
O Raphael, London
Dr ¦ G Porgonlman,
China "
W Taylor, China
H Buck. China ¦ ¦
A W Wilson & w. Md
O J Diblee & w, Cal
J E- Hurley, Los Ang ¦
T B Hough ton. El Pat
E ' Chambers, Los Ang
F J McKle, Los Ang
C Dunphy, Millbrae
S T Bretten, Menlo
J E McDonald, USD
W H Smith Jr. Pa
O Thorne^ Tacoma -
J Lougham & w. Mass
Mrs J E Hutton, N Y
F L Hutton, NY .
FL Smith & w, N Y
W Klrkpatrick, NY
T H Tuttle, Watsonvil
V H - Tuttle, - Watsonvil
Mrs T A - Patterson,
Australia »
E T Howes, Pa
Miss EW Howes, Pa
Miss F M Howes, Pa
Miss S J Lav-ens. Pa
W H Post, Stockton
F D Cofcb, Stockton
C B Henderson & w,
¦ Nevada
C A Herbert, L Ang
G C Brown & w, Macs
L Juda & w, Cal ,
J F Van Bureri, China
L H Wise & W, N Y
Miss E Wise,' N Y
O E Quandt, NY
W W. Potter & w. ' Cal
G A' Campbell & w,
Oakland
J D Catty, London
L D Aaron & w. Pa
W Samson, Glasgow
S R Maynard & w. NT
M T Hancock. Florida
C D Mitchell, ¦ Tennesse
J M Jenks & w. Chgo
R D Ormsby, Ireland
Miss E . Goodfellow.
Oakland - . . -. ¦
J D Davidson, Fresno
A R Hall, Denver
C H Brownell & w,
owp . : --, .:¦¦¦-¦ ¦¦ ..
"W Mason,' S ; Dakota
Mrs H Mason, S Dak
Dr L Hursch, England
Dr A T Debsky, China
W.J Wllel. Palo Alto
N. S'Neswander, Doric
D W McClellan, N Y
A H Chesian, Boston
P A Bates, NY .
•C. B Pearsall, Eureka
F W Cohen, Seattle '
F F MHner.'Chgo ¦•
G Murphy, Nome
A Neilson, Sacto ¦ • .
H H Boudreau. Modest
H ' A Crawford & ¦ w,
- Napa - .
R Rosenthal, NY
G' R Chambers, Mo
J A Penn, TJ S A r
A G Woolley; Conn
D T Mumbree, Mont
A G Wells & J w, Cal
Dr H H Morrison. Cal
HE White, Los An?
M A Schmidt, NT
W S Moody. N Y
C Stedman. Los Ang
Mrs M L Cunningham,
Montana -
Mrs M C Groutman,
. Wisconsin -^>-— -
J Fyfe Jr & w ; Cal
D Glynn, USA
W W Walsh. Stockton
B H Porter. Kans Cty
MA Wesendonck.-'NT
B B McMechln Xe w.
West Virginia
G A Garcelon. Chicago
W Lohse, Germany.
A Schmederer, Gevmny
A S Petln. D C
Mrs M Meyth. Chicago
Miss M Hensen. Chlcag
W R Martin. Cal
C L Smith, Chicago
F T Roberts, 111 .
S Henry, Stockton
E E Mead, Cal
F Georg, Bavaria
D J Palmer, Wash
N R Hatch, Nome
F Bowman, Finland <
J W McGee & w. Oil
Mrs C Tucker, Newrk
T W Stearns. Boston
R B Burns, Los Ang
A E H Mills, NT
E L Jenks & w,' R i
S A Jenks & w, R I
Mrs W Coffin, Boston
N S Augsbury fii w.
New . York \ .
•J C Augsbury & it, NT
J W Mitchell. Los Ang
W P Hammon, Orovlll
J B McCune, Bbiton
H A Stewart & w. Cal
A A Stewart & -w, Ont
Miss M Bressman. NY
C A McBrfde & w. Cal
G B Ellis, Redlands
H W Heifis, NY
A B Hammond, Portld
W F N Davis, Portlnd
"W D Johnson, Portlnd
I -Lang & w, Portland
Dr Stewart, Lob Ang
C Borgess, Belgium
k s-Hnencer & w, N Y
J F Hackstaft & w,NT
G Z Zimmerman & w,
New York "
J S Delehanty, NY.
J H Barbour, Sn Diego
E K Jewett & w. Mass
Miss C Jewett,' Maes
F . D Shoemaker, Phila
R H Sims. Chicago
A Dabelstein. Shangha
Col Frazer, Hongkong 1
R Pohle, Germany
E M King, Germany
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss D King,' Petaluma
L A Spltzer. San Jose
W A Newton, Chicago
J Carroll. Seattle
O Robinson. • Colu3a ',
A H Ronrer. Redlands
B Cusslck. Chico
W E Keller, L.Ang
C A Greeley ' & w, la
Mrs W L Bryan. Napa
Miss H L Hoyt, Pa ¦
J E Koeberle, L Ang
A Crawford & w, St
Paul .-• '
Miss E W ¦ Crawford,
St Paul . ,
J F Schlingman, M111V
Mrs AM Culler. Pa
Mrs Jx Dateman &' s,
Pennsylvania - ;
W Beckman. Sacto ¦
T Rueger & w. Benlcia
G • B . McKee. San Jose
Mrs A Henry, Chico
Mrs H A Roberts, Chico
O A'yers. San Jose ¦ .
C H Poole. Boston • '¦'
A Mitchell. Kansas
J T Merrill. L' Ang
T D ComelLLIvermore
R I Jamts. Pac Grove
Mrs F P . Solomon & d.
Chicago - '..' '
I H Garber. Salinas
Mrs E P Heuson, Chgo
Miss B Heuson, Chgo
Miss M Heuson, Chgo
Mrs A R Cockerell. Ill
D G Green. .US A
L R Fancber & niece,
• Merced -
A E Gerbert. USA
Miss - Maud Peasley.
Denver ' v •
MIes Mabel Peasley,
Denver
S F Bryant. Inyo
EH Harrington. Jcksn
E D Hart, Sacramento
W M Lowell. Sacto
L.F -Brenner. Sacto
W T Maupin, Fresno
R • Robert.'»n. Gilroy
J Sampson & w. 111 .
M P Boir. U S N .
M Carr, U S V ¦ -.'¦
W Mulr. Sacramento
J W- Bonan. Chicago
Miss Wheeler. -N Y
M Corcoran, Chlcairo
Dr W Hall & w.Chlna
Mr Baechtel. Ukiah •
O Anderson, Minn
D L Slnjt, Ind i>
J G Shebley, Grass Val
: MA Smith, L Ang
NEW. WESTERN ' HOTEL.
W Dron, Walnut Grov
P A de Martin,' Cinn
J'A Devlin. NY . .
C W Sterick. Or , :
H Swenk, Nebr . *./
C P - Rhodes, Nebr " ;
Mrs Evans '& c, Ariz
C Lewis. N- Y-
L M Reppy, Red Bluff
F Darvey, Oregon;.-"
J W Ely. Wash
J Wilson, ' Fresno >
S McCurdy, Arcada
E Ramsey. N- Orleans
E Spread. Kansas Cy
A Schunck. N T
J Thompson, .N Y- •"
Miss Smith. St Louis
A R Mlllett, Cal
C Cooper, Portland
C Miller & w, - Nebr
W R Kerkland, Nebr
B TOTK L ARRIVAL^
PALACE HOTEL.
THE SAN; FRAJSTCISCO CALL. TBTOBSpAYy APRlIi ' 1 8, 1901;
11
The Ori&inal Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Organized dir.uary,
188T. Drawing April 13,1901.
- No7 CS770 wins $7j00, sold In Fresno, Cal.; No.
91S25 wins ' $2CU0, : sold : in Portland,' Or. ; - No.
4&00 , wins S10CO. sold - in • San Francisco. Cal. ;
No. 40408 : wins ; $SCO, • sold in • San Francisco,
Cal. ; . Nob. '• 46249 and 96164 each wins $250, sold
in San Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 3479. 3979S. 41026,
62053 and ,- 81470 ¦ each - wins ' $100. ' sold In * San
Francisco and Oakland, Cal. •
IKUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest termi".
1 Kovalla upright.. .$65 1 Schiller '....$265
1 Kmerson upright.. 6F 1 Gabler us
1 Vo« & I Waverly ia
2 Ftelnways 1S5 up 1 Fisher upright.... US
I lleines 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlln ..390
I IIaIlet-Da\-is 4£1 I Hardman $$
J Befcr Bros 357 1 Miller 1*5
and firty others; rented and rent allowed:
rent? M up: — e handle all makes; agents
' * for eome of the oldest and most famous
pianos in exif^^nce; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary Bt.
IT is useless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
pa ine. as we have lots of them; you can buy
for cash cr payments and have many styles
to select from. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9
Market st. :
f PIAXO enaps— $60, $75, JSO, $125, $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
p.-xln. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
f-t.. Chlckering agency.
$1SS-MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary et., room 38.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, $155 tip; rents and
-asy payments. KLARE. 2200 Fillmore St.
SPECIAL eale of pianos this week; Stelnway,
Knabe nnd others. BRUENN, 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; murt be cold. 801 Jones et.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hartman. Con-
cver and others. Wiley B. Alien Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIX— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. It McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A XEAh.LY new grand upright cheap: brilliant, I
powerful tones. HORXUNG, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
rightg at your own price. Shoninger agency.
ET'PERIOR violins, si'hers. old and new. H.
MULLER; maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
JOFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARKIX, 1001, cor. Post— Modern, sunny: will
alter to milt; $40. .
< OIL.
E CENTS per share; the greatest money-mak-
ing opportunity ever offered; sold over 100,000
f hares last week to the best people in town;
fend for prospectus to the fiscal agents here.
TACIFIC STATES MINING AXD INVEST-
MENT CO.. ?26 Post eu Open evenings.
Apents —anted.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.-Oll Lands In the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless OH and
' t Water Co. ; a good investment: water trans-
portatlon. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEFH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE."
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, cecond-hand. in good order- all
rir.f>*: phwip. H. S. WHITE. KH MlFslonmt.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. "We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or with to invest in stocks of the leading o
companies, call on us before going else
•where. SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examine
building. .' . ...
«5.Ci00 ACRES oil land in various counties for
\en*e and sale. ROBIXSON. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from. $3 up; city or country.
Hart— an Paint 81» 3d 6t.; tel. Red 352L
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $1
or. J»nf«>n *¦ Bath. 30K P'xth: «ipi»n g~nlng».
PALMISTRY.
EL JEROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist, 515
Taylor rt.x bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
advice free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
Btore gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and Itching scalp, etop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair-
dresser cannot supply you. call at 636 Geary
Ft. or 305 Larkin 6U Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there is none so good.- The
Star Remedy 'Co., San Francisco.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation etat to ail
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
A PRETTY little girl for adoption; 3 years old;
Mark eyes and blonde hair. MRS. DR.
n-XKE. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameda.
BAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. ?0n Flfth.Oakland.
"WAICTED — Those having cancer or tumor to
write for free book on ..home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no plas-
ter. C. A. MASON. M. D., Chatham, N. Y.
HERBERT BO YD— Call £or letter, general de-
-livfry; important. , ¦ -
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 337 Jessie Bt.
THE Micro ban<? Medical Co.. removed to 411
tJeary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures nil cases;
»« also remove superfluous hair; call an^ see
us. Mlcrobane Medical Co., 411 Geary et
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
liome: $5; valuable information for liquor,
m orphtne. opium, ell drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk Et., Ean Francisco.
RE\VARD-$1000 paid if your wrinkles, freckles
or eup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple free st branch offlte. N. Y. Institute of
Dermatology. Glasgow bldg.. 105 Ellis st-.S.F.
$1 "WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 tip; fine dress Buits, $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
C. LANDECKEK, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
¦and repaired, no matter what's broken, $l;guar.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" cftice. 1021 Market 6t.. nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEU 817 Market et.
JAMES' Detectixe Bureau. 127 Montgomery st.,
room 21: phone Bush 2S8; charges reasonable.
Ladies" & rents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. Silver— an. 884 Folsom :tel.Fols<»m 1191.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et.. near Market; 700 rooms;
£.*>c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
fr«-c 'bus and bag— tge to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing, hair work, man.
irurinp: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market bet. Polk and Van Ness.
"WHITE enamel iron beds. Flngrle. three-quarter
or double, f 1 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
ALFREDl'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red. 136?.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole* destroyed with
electric r.eedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The "Weekly
OaU. 1G pages, sent to any address in the
Vn!tr>(* c-Ptr? or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of nee and residence,
10^ Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, succeesfully
treat* all diseases of the human body: sec
tfytim onlalp at ofOc*. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
M K 1 1. KSTATB— • CITY— -FOR SALE.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. ™ "~*
30 ilontgom ery ct.; rents collected.
Full charge taken of property.
$l£5,CC0— 7; feet on Market St.; extra depth; re-
tail district; ask about this.
$CO,000 — 100 feet on Grant ave., corner Bust:
the original Poodle Dog property; now
well rented; make offer • must be sold
to clcse estate.
$CO,COO— Townsend St.; corner lot. 275x273:
suitable fcr warehouse; near Seventh.
$23. MO— Private hotel on Pine-street - corner;
must be sold forthwith; 50 tunny
rooms; make offer.
$2000 to $0000— Investments, residences, cottages,-
etc.; a long list for sale in desirable
"location: easy terms.
$2C0 to !3**-Lcts in Mission. Richmond and
; Sunset; all sizes; easy Installments.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We* have been instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Pode esq. to sell their grand
i£?-T ro< ? m housa en<1 >ct. stable and outhouses,
_SS Laidley st.. cor. Fairmont st; lot 176x150.
11?° ttaee ° f * rooms - 140 La ldley 8t -'5 lot 100x
One lot CCxi;i, en Palmer St., near Fairmont-
One lot, lOOilCO. on Laldley st.. near .Mateo
street. - ' » ., .
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property.
•The above property must be sold regardless
Z c ~? r v " lue - This is a grand chance to
buy pood proj>erty at your own price.
Send fcr ditcriptive c&talo— le.
-,. ... J - A - MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneers,
Of flee 240 Stockton st.. S. F.; tel. James 1541
LOT In Mission-Corner. 2S_0; excellent lo-
cality; residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. 781
Stevenson ct. *>
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. 3. GUNN, 630 California st.
REAL x ESTATE— CITY.— gOR »A»,_.
- HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. •
Special Bargains in Park Property. •
?500 to $300— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
tSZO to $750— Choicest" Richmond lots; easy
terms. .
$75. $100, $200 to $350— Ocean Boulevard lots- $6
monthly. •
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mission-st.
cars; $5 monthly.
Very cheap-New^ modern 1H-Btory cottage.
7 rooms and bath; choice location In Richmond*
«asy terms. ¦.»-*• - • > ¦ "
$2500-Lot 25x137:6; north tide Oak, near Brod-
erick; bitumen In street.
. SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
64 Chronicle Building.
AT a bargain— That elegantly decorat*d new
modern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open
caiijr. . , ''££' — ' ,
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern reeldence,
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable "rwation
near park; reasonable terms. €60 Mission St.
FOH the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
HttAL ESTATE— COCNTRY—Fot S_l«
3% ACRES choice orchard and vegetable lar.d
in full bearing, $4000; cherries and apricots;
large barn, well, outhouse and chicken cor- I
ral; Haywards, opp. Haywards Park, en the
electric railway; beautiful surroundings; will
net 6 to 8 per cent as the place stands by
raising vegetables for. early Eastern ship-
ments; the above per cent can be doubled or
even trebled;* fare on S. P. Co. $6 per month.
Room 4. 420 Montgomery Bt. -¦ .
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call. bldg:.
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Prlnt-
ed l'-:ts of farms and city v-nnerty for sale.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE. Placervllle. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
• postage paid. -
REAL - ESTATE AVA1VTED. ..
LOT wanted; contractor will build and take
lot as part payment. Box 3853, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
2-STORYV9 rooms ; corner lot ; mbdern and Bew;
$7500; offered for 15500, with all carpets; one-
third cash.
2-story, 8 rooms, modern In all respects; new
house; corner lot; fine view; including carpets.
I 23 large lots at a great bargain.' ' -
E. D. JUDD & CO., }
1424 Park St., Alameda.
J1250 — SNAP; decant 1 -lew modern cottage; 4
. rooms; fine location; near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. 3501 Park ft.
BERKELEY. ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
A SACRIFICE— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms
and bath: high basement; lot 50x135; 2 blocks
from Lorin station.
$1100— A fine 5-room cottage, brick founda-
tion; good stable; lot 50x100; $100 cash, balance
to suit purchaser. C. NAMANNY, Lorin sta-
tlon,
JL50— ACKE lots; $10 -cash. balance $5 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
J450-LOTB In the Wheeler Tract W. C.
MORAN & CO., Lorin station and Schmidt
block, Berkeley. Ask for maps.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
IJnltedPtate^orCanadawieyearforllj^^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND It 13 At, ESTATE.
|175 CASH, $10 monthly— New cottage, S large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large, level lots, SOx25<":.priee-all told $775; will
fence and finish- tip to" suitr buyer; -plenty of
water; eoll, climate and view the very best;
.dose to electric car line and 90-foot wide-bou-
levard, and not far from model echoolhouse;
no fogs nor raw winds here; adjoining East
Oakland; 10 buildings gone' Up already; more
coming. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
6t^ opposite Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. HENRY Z. JONES, Owner. .
AN INVESTMENT OR HOME SNAP. '¦:
J.20CO each— Two, 2-story houses, . 8 rooms;
good order; rents $20 and $22 B0, worth $25;
each lot 28 and 32 feet; sure business proper-
ty; fronts main street; solid blocks of stores
within one block; must sell; see at once;
land worth more.
LAYMANC3 Real Estate Co.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
FINE Oakland income property; rents $840; a
enap for quick buyers. Box 2218, Call, Oakl'd.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 — OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment, large lot, city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3, 4th floor, Mills bldg., S. F.,
or A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth Bt... Oakland.
~~ OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
COMMODIOUS offices to let; best location;
electric elevator service. Abrahamson build-
ing, corner Thirteenth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. . '_'
$10— OAKLAND corner store, with 3 living
rooms; large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3, - 4th -floor- Mills bldg.,
P. F.. or A. J.Snyder, 467 Ninth, st., Oakland.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention— Com-
modious offices to let; best location; electric
elevator service. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington sts., Oakland.
OAKLAND KfRMTUIlE FOR SALE.
IN introduction to you from H. Sc*iellhaasT_«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A. FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hall, *t
stationary tubs, wrth bath,' completely i fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas and telephone;
new house; fine view; healthy location; In a
small, private family; no children wanted;
rent reasonable. 4231 Twentieth, nr. Castro.
3UENA VISTA ave., 449. near Frederick— 3
fur. or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
LkEMENTINA, 327—2 large well furn. rooms
for housekeeping; sunny; no other roomers.*
EDDf. 743 — One- large alcove room and three
others; furnished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny rooms,- stove and
bath; $10; top floor. ¦ >. ,
ELLIS. 621. near Larkln— Front room, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas stove; $10 month.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Large bay -window;
$15; use of kitchen, $17;' also room,- $11. ¦' '
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny housekeeping ¦ room;
closets: stove; bath; private; $6 month.
SEARY, 729, rear— 3 cr 5 unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard. . .
3EARY. 1012 — 4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of bath and telephone. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms. . nicely furnished; gas. bath.
HOWARD, 823— Housekeeping rooms and * sin-
gle: very reasonable.
LANGTON, 256>£— 3 sunny, ¦ nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. |
iHNXA, 172, near Thiid— An elegant suite com-
pletely furnished for heavy housekeeping,
with sink and laundry: price t\l.
5AK, 119— Sunny room, furnished for- house-
keeping, water, stove, $8; basement room,
the same, $4.
)AK, 119—2 sunny parlors: furnished for house-
keeplrg; range; closet; yard; 2 beds; $15. : -
)AK, 123— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; bath; $16. , ...'--- '
SIXTH, 541— Front and back parlor for house-
keeping. ,$10; single room. $4. ¦
"LASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
i BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. . ¦ ...-.'¦ .-.,
tOOMS .TO LET— Fnrn. and Dnfnrn.
IHLBORN HOTEL. :ili Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large .rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms SOc up; flrst-eliKs meals 25c; free coach.
l— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per. night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
JURNETT. 1426 Markf.t (old No. • 1364)— Pur-
nisbed . rms.. cuites. single; also. unfurnished.
)EVISADERO. 13UH— 3 or 4 sunny handsomely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
,DDY. 874— Newly, elegantly turnlshed rooms;
new flat; running water.
51 pep Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf urn.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334- rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 725— Large sunny furnished room; Ger.
man family; 15 per month. . - . ¦ . ./ , , \
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
¦ and . Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite . or
single ; ladies', parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5. » -
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room;- Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, *20 — Sunn; furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator; elec. lights; day,, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 224— Nicely furnished sunny
. rooms with modern improvements, . $1 75 . up
per week. - • " .«.,;->
ROYAL House,. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light ;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, ale. to $1 50; week, $2 to
' tS; month. $8 to $30: eltvator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .
ROSEDALE House, 31!»-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
' night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnlahcd or unfurnished.
SUNNY bay-window room with running water,
gas and bath: Apply 34 Eleventh st. -t..,;
TAYLOR, 106— Light airy rooms, -<5 up; also
furnished housekeeping rooms.- : \- : ..
VAN NESS. 930 ../.........
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
; all south rooms; references. » ......
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia st.. *¦ • •'...-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tb« Weekly
I Call, 16 pages, , sent to . any ( address . in the,
TTnlted States or Canada one year for >L
. ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, ' opp. ¦¦ Grace
Church, with annex £07 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and Flehtly rooms at modest rates.
'•*.'-;- ROOMS WAMTED.- '_'__'_ ."-_' : - •
GENTLEMAN wishes . room; private; state
price. Box 3S51, Call office. *:'.'
ROOMS AND , UOAHD WASTED,
"WANTED— Room and cheap board"for elderly
lady. Box 3781. Call office. ' ¦:-¦'-
SPECIAL NOTICES...
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., - San "Francisco,
Cal., ha« received the following, orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1,
1901: Alice F. Debls, 10 yeare; Eleanor Rob-
erts, 2 years .10 months; Mary Phillips, 7
years; Annie Sharman, 6 years; - Harriet^
' Sharman, 3 years 4 months: Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 'months; Bertha Koepp, 3
years 5 months: Pauline E. Olson, 9 years 5
months; Frances Follis, 10 years 6 months.
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best;. safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical - Co.. 1'hlladal., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market st.— La-
dies during confinement w. .10 days' care, JI0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. %\ pe; year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
. paired; open even.; phone Black 1124,' 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold. rente3. repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint R.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES. \
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
otnee. Post and Powell sts.; . tr1«lT-i.ln 5713.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping- at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com -
pany. 2820 Flllm ore st:; phone Jackson SSI.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. StO Mis-
¦ slor. St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
_ ,_ ' : _ TO , j^EASE. •
lovely^homeI! =j T~~~ ~~ ~
To lease for a long term . to responsible
party,. 40 acres of btst land, good locality In
Santa" Cruz County; only half a mile from
s depot; . consisting of about: 25 acres-; of best
¦wine grapes and "balance best fruit; apples,
- cherries, plums, etc.; lovely , cottage, • fur-
. nished, also horses, carriage, • phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
.- Ions. Box 3841. Call office. ' . .-¦¦ ¦¦. :'
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
¦ sell . better machines for less money than any
hou-e In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April 15, 1901.— At
¦a regular meeting of the board'of directors of
this comrany, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April. 17, 1801.
LOUIS WE1NMANN, Secretary..
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
. cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Co.,. will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, on and after Saturday, April 20,
1901. .Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m. . .
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
~~~ " = PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for : Woolen Blankets, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
. et.. Ean Francisco, Cal.. April 5, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, ip triplicate, will be received at
1 this office until 10 o'clock- a. m ., Saturday
April 20. 1&01, Pacific Standard ,Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Woolen Blankets.
¦Quantity to be subject to ah increase of 20
per cent, if desired by this Department. Un-
guaranteed bids, and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications, will
under no circumstances be considered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids will be opened for
, the delivery of the Blankets at either the
San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phila-
delphia Depots, but none . will be given con-
sideration for inspection or delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders In their
. proposals, and no proposition should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of .domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro- •
. duction and manufacture ' the duty thereon)
«.nd such preference win be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public ser- -
¦ vice ¦ there. . The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for ' proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. S447." and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster. .
PROPOSALS for mineral' oil.— 36 New Mont-
gomery nt., San Francisco, Cal., March 20,
1901. Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m ., April 20
and then opened for furnishing and.
Storing here 150,000 gallons Mineral Oil, '• 135*
flash test, in cases of two five-gallon cans
each. . Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) and such preference given
to articles of American production and man-
ufacture produoed on the Pacific Coast to the
extent ' of the consumption required by tho
public 'service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes will be endorsed "Proposals for
Mineral Oil,",; and addressed Major OSCAK
" F*. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Army. Depot
Quartermaster. , ¦ *
MARRIAGE LICENSES. }
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦.<•' ¦ . - •
Lester S. Melsted. 23, Presidio, and Isabel
. Woodward, 22, 2741 Pine street.
John Kllemade, 28. 250 Lexington avenue and
nnie Kenny. 29, .1715 Polk street.
Auguste Garnaud, 32, 223 Twenty-seventh
street, and Marie J. Garnaud, 40, 223 Twenty-
seventh street. ':."•• -v
Chester H. Barnebenr, 22, 333 Geary street
and Estelle Dana, 20, San -Luis Obispo. '
Walter G. Frazier, 22, . 524 Lyon street, and
Loretto V. Murphy, 18. 415 First avenue
Herman F. Remus, 80, -30 Page street, and
Mamie A. Bartholdy, 21. 40 Ivy ¦ avenue.
¦Albert A. Ehrhardt, 32, 154 San Carlos ave-
nue, and Masdalene Waltemlre, 36, 1501 Van
Ness avenue. ¦ , ' . ¦• . ....
Const antine Januszkiewicz. 27, city, . and
Mary Rreszewicz, 24, city. ........
Martin Nielsen, 25, Hopland, and Cathrine
M.- B. Mathiesen. 21. Watsonville.
Patrick F. ¦ Heverin. 29. 289 Page street, "and
Nora A. O'Rourke, 27. 724 Grove street# - -v ¦-
- Hubert W. Schrelner. 27. 666 Chestnut Rtreet,
and Cora E. Elliott. 27, 355 Eleventh street.'
William L. Olinger, 37, Chicago, <¦ and Mary
D. Sullivan, 19,-934 Filbert street. *
. Angelo Campodoniert. 21. 2318 Taylor street :
and Rosle Slml. 23, 323 ' Union street. '--¦-•-¦
Thoma s J. Kearney, 28, ¦ Oakland, and ; Mary
Lucid, 24, city. . . . :
Frank H. Just. 25. 732 Natoma street, and
Mamie E. Gilleece, 24, 3913 Folsom street. •
- BIRTHS— MARBIA6ES— DEATHS ; ¦
¦ Birth, marriage and '¦ death ¦ notices '•¦ sent • by
mail will jiottie- Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons ' authorized to have . the same • published.
BORN. . '/ii't
McCLOSKET— In this city, April 16,. 1901, to
¦ the wife of John B. McCIoskey, a son.
OSBORNE— In South San Francisco, to the
¦ wife of Samuel N. Ocborne. a daughter, s
- ; DIED. ;.--•_. .,.. ;
Barras. Hiram. D. . ."\ McGinn. Gee— re
Benson. Ida . ¦¦ . _ McLean, Zelma E.
Considine. Maria Martin, Mary - '
. .Donahue, John . .*. - Mann. Hubert
Forrest, Alexander ' Mooney, Robert E.
- Gendotti. Theresa ¦ Murphy, Mary .
. Gilman. Sarah L. U. Peter, Henry E.'
. Handley, Frank R. Rackliffe, John
Hartshorn, Elldridge Schmidt, Henry-
Hession, John M. V. Thormahlen, Peter
Hoffman, Clara F. Tipson, Arthur W. t
Hughes. Julia - . t- Vaughn. Nellie - -
Jackson. Jacob G. Winers, Bernhard
James, Marsnerite ¦ "Whelan. . Joseph P.
King, William R. \ , Whitworth. John M.
Le Fevre, Lottie Wigglnton. Fred C.
Leopold, Herman . -
BARRAS— In r Stockton. Cal., April * 16, 1901.
Hiram D. Barras, father of Carrie M. Barras
and Mrs. Clara 'A. Holman, a native ' of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 74 years. • • -
ITTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the ¦ 'funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, . from the parlors of A. W. Martin
& Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. Interment Na-
. tional Cemetery, Presidio. - '
BENSON— In this city, April 16, 1901;. Ida
Benson, a native of Sweden, aged 33 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday'!, at 2 o'clock, from Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
CONSIDINE — In Oakland, April ¦ 15, 1901,
Maria, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Consi-
-dine, mother of Mary, Agnes, Rose and Ra-
mond Considine, daughter of the late Mat-
thew and Mary- McGrath, sister of Michael,
' Matt, Thomas and • the late John McGrath,
Mrs. Cluncss and Mrs. Miller, and sister-ln-
. law of Delia and - Katie Considine. a native
of Klllrush, County Clare, Ireland, aged 32
years. '.. . ¦:* .
Darling mamma, you have left us.
v . And thy loss we deeply feel, ' ¦
• But 'tis God who has bereft us;
' ¦ - He can all our sorrows heal.
FROM HER CHILDREN. .
' . ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 'this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 -Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated ' for the
. repese of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . - ¦ -•
DONAHUE— In the City and . County Hospital,
April 17, 1901. John Donahue, a native of Ire-
land, aged 45 years. • :¦„ •...-.- .
FORREST— In this city, April 15, 1901, Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Elizabeth For-
rest, a native of ¦ Scotland, aged 69 years 10
months and 27 days. Late a member of La-
, -layette Lodge No. 14, F. and A. M., of Wll-
mincton, Del.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,-
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.
. 22, .F. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet
Ceir.etery. .
GENDOTTI— In St. Helena, April 16, 1901,
Theresa Gendotti, daugfiter of Clemente and
Santina Gendotti. I and sister of Louis Gen-
dotti, a native of Switzerland, aged 22 years.
[¦""FFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, '. from 'the ferry,
foot of Market street, thence by San Mateo
electric car to Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILMAN— In this city, April 17, 1901, Sarah
Louisa Upham Gilman, a native of Nassau,
N. H., aged 85 years and 1 day..
HANDLEY— In this city, April 17, 1901, Frank
' Raymond, beloved son of Frank R. and
Laura. Handley, and . grandson of C. J. and
'Mina Hadley, 'a. native: of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 3 months and 25 days.
CT Friends are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the
. j family residence. 806 Shrader street. Inter-
ment private. . . . ,
HARTSHORN— In this city, April 17, 1901.
Elldridse G. Hartshorn, beloved father of
- Miss Jda M. Hartshorn, Mrs. A. C. Soule,
Mrs. F. Rogers and, Mrs. S. Heino. a native
- of Walpole, Mass.,, aged 81 years 7 months
-and 7 days. . ..»
lE~Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
t6-morrow (Friday), • at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 68 Lotta street, off Parnassus
-avenue, between Stanyan and Willard streets,
thence to Masonic TemDle. corner. Post and
. Montgomery streets, » where services will be
held under the auspices of Mount Moriah
„ Lodge No. .44, F. and A. M.; commencing at
• 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HESSION— In this city, April. 17, 1901. John
M. .V.. beloved son. of Joanna and the late
Michael H. Hession, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco.. > ... .'¦ ¦
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'.(Friday), 'at' 8:30 o'clock,' from his late rest-
, dence, 2041 Polk" street.' thence. jto St. Brigid's
Church, where-a etilemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated ..for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. * Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
HOFFMAN— In- Oakland, • April 17. . 1901, • Clara
¦Fowler Hoffman, a native of Napa City, Cal.
5 tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
/•fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), atr'l o'clock, at the residence of
H. C. .Gesford; Napa City.; ; < ' . : * : :
HUGHES— In this. city, April 16. 1901, Julia,
belpved wife of John Hughes. . and- mother of
. James J., Kate and Jennie Hughes and Mrs.
Joseph Verheyan, a -native of County Gal-
..way, Ireland, aged 52 years. (Boston and
• Pit tsburgr papers please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)," at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 166 Tehama ' street, thence to St.' Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn* reauiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross- Cemetery. • -r, ....
JACKSON— In this . city, April 17, 1901. Jacob
G., • husband of -Mrs. Klvenla D. , Jackson,
, father of Mrs. Henry Krebs, and grandfather
" of Clarence E. de Camp, Casimir J. Wood,
Mrs. F. A. Wakerley and Miss E.lvenla J.*
and Jacob Green Jackson Jr., a native of St.
Johnsbury, Vt... aged, 84 years. -. _ . .
(T~Funeral services will be , held at the
First Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
¦ Franklin streets, at. 11:30 o'clock, to-morrow
(Friday). Interment private.
JAMES— In Fruitvale. April J7, 1901, . Marguer-
¦ito'W., beloved wife of John M. Jamex. and
mother of Caroline Collins (nee Saulman), a
native of 'Wales, aged 56 years 10 months and i
15 days. '¦ -• ¦¦ J • . ¦;
KING-In this city, April 16, 1901, ¦William. R.
King, husband of the late Mary G. King,
- and father of Emily E. and Claude R. King,
a native of Vermont, ' aged 68 years.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from 2414 Polk
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LE FKVRH-In this city, April 16. 1 1901. Lot-
. tle-Le Fevre, deaily beloved daughter of
Mrs. Mary and Gus Le Fevre. and beloved
sister of Mrs. . William A. Rowland, a na-
tive of .Albion, Mendocino County, Cal., aged
12 years 8 month3 and 15 days. (Fort Bragg
' papers please copy.) -. . . ; .
fC~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services,
to be held at G. Iaccheri's undertaking par-
lors, C29 Broadway. Sunday, April • 21. | from
¦there to Laurel Hill Cemetery? Services at
1:30 o'clock. ' ' -. . . <
LEOPOLD— In 'this city, April 16, 1901, Her-
man Leopold, a* native of Missouri, aged 60
(_?¦ Remains- at the parlors of J. C. O' Con-
nor ¦& Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
9 neral hereafter. , '
McGINN — In this city, ¦ April 15, 1901, ' George,
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Mc-
Ginn father of Joseph^A., George F., Leo
J., Allen. -Thomas P. and Ignatius McGinn. ;
and brother of Joseph and Ellen McGinn, a ¦
native of DubliriV Ireland, aged C2 : years. '
(New York and Maynooth, Ireland, papers •
please . copy.) . / ' - ;
: E~Frienda and acquaintances are respect- ]
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at • 9:30 o'clock, from his -late ¦
residence, 20% Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem (
mass ) will be celebrated ¦ for . the repose of
his' soul, comm enclns at 10, o'clock.*. Inter- :
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,- . '-;.- : ;
McLEAN— In this city, April 17. 1901, Zelma i
Kllzabeth, beloved daughter of John R.- and :
Catherine McLean, and sister of Marian M. '.
McLean, a native of San Francisco, cged 8 .
years and 1 month. .-¦'; '..-•¦.: .
• — ?"Friends I and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral to-morrow '.
(Fricley) at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence 1022 '/4 Hyde street. Interment , Holy' .
Crces Cemetery, by carriage. - :
MANN— Ih Livermore, April 16. 190l, v Hubert,
beloved son of -Hubert and Irene Mann, a ,
native. of San Francisco, aged 2 years and ,
10 days. - ; > • "
MARTIN— In this- city, April 16, 1901, Mary, '
¦ beloved wife of Thomas Martin, and sister' ;
of Patrick and the late John and 4 Edward \
Mitchell, a native of Knockroe, County Gal- J
way, Ireland. ¦..". ."• ¦ :•¦-.-• :( ,
Ely Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this* day ;
(Thursday), at '9:30 o'clock, from her late ;
residence, 2S21' Bush street. • thence to • St. ' :
Dominic's Church,- where a- solemn- requiem '
mass will' be celebrated, for the repose of her •
soul, co'mmenclng at , 10 o'clock. -¦ Interment
; Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. " ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.; ;
¦* (Successor to ,FIannagan : & Gallagher.) :
. < DANIEL P. "DONOVAN. Mgr. (
— JNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, :
20 Fifth St.. ¦ opposite Lincoln School. ;.-:** <
¦ : • Telephone South • SO. • \ - . :
UNITED. UNDERTAKERS, •
*27,and 29 Fifth] St.'- Tel. South 167.
.lUHEBAIi DIKECT0K3 ANi) EKBALHESl. ¦
: Finest Equipment at Moderate '' Rates, i, '. ' ;
: :* '¦':. JAMESvMcGINN^{ : 5 l I j
Formerly with' McGinnn BroB.. has- opened | <
Tiew: Funeral •Parlors at 214! Eddy St., bet. 1 i
Taylor ' and Jones. ¦ Telephone South 576. .1 '
N*o. Prize. (No. Prize. |No. Prize.
W467 16164542........ 40164640 18
6467$ 16 6173D 16I6478S . 80
C4S27 ¦ 1S64S34 16 64912.; 40
C4931 16 65010 IS 63131 4»
C153........ 16 63339 16 65429........ 40
«5«S6 :46569a ±0 65731 40
€5733........ 16 65825........ 16 65943........ IS
. PM03 SO66228 24 662«0 24
66*89 4OS652S 16 66*07 80
66631 16166674 80 66888 1«
•66789 16166836 16 66937 40
f-6944 16 67011 24 67072 80
«307 40*7374 16 67387 18
£7469 40 67515..-. !4 67323 IS
«7607 16 67636.1 40 88077 IS
. 6J207 • 4O6S234 24 6850S 4*
6S570 24 6S821 16 6S690 U
««99 16 6S770 JOOOO 68355 Is
6P006 80 69017 16 69064 ....139
K92S4 24 63303 40 63473 40
«S03 80 69S19 16 69834 «
; €?S53 40169973 24 70021 U
; "0O82 16 70137 16 70209 14.
70227 24 70305 .16 70359 120
JC«4 - 24 '70497...:.... 24 70504.. 40
W777 16I707S9 ' 16 71001 34
71014 16I71O17........ 16 71143 Is
"1267 24 712S4 24 713S2.. ; 1»
71471 24 71503 24 71714 40
71776 16 71S36 16 71S46 1«
i 71339 16 71S71 40 719CO IS
, 71S61 40 71965 40 72123 89
73444 24 72463 16 72470 IS
7261S.. i 40 72773 18 72S58 1«
7M55 :. 16173023 24 73063 18
7317J 16!7_» 18 73SS4 40
73458 80 73739 24 73878 1«
73SS7 16 73905 16 74115 19
i 74157 40 74201 ;.. 80 74525 U
74357... 16 74361 16 74457 49
"4513 1S746S9 40 74792 IS
"4794 24 73082 40 73094 4O
75190 24 75219 16 73344 129
734S5 16 73508 24 75664 1«
75713 . 16 76O4S... 40 76063 24
I 760S8 16 76106 16 76124. 21
176130 24 76S20 40 76352 80
7C43O ;¦ 16 76310 16 76601 IS
/ 7PS1! 40 77032 SO 77212 16
77443 40 77523 IS 776S4 24
77761 40 77SC3 16 77935 129
7S038 16 7S0C2 ;.. 24 7SK3 40
7R492 16 78494 24 78513 1«
7f347 4OJ7S5S8 16 7S660 18
7SS37 24 78853 16 7S837 1*
7S910 24)790«4 40 79069 KO
79130 16|79?3S.. 2179292 18
7P324 16J79373 16
7940$ 80 79*33 24 79783 M
79781 40 79855 24 79970 19
8900S 40S0010 16 80036 40
80157 16 30311 40 80417 49
80525 40 30625 40 83680 1«
80731 16 8383.1 80(8C970 18
8106<r. ... : 24 S1192 16)81317 24
81470 400 81498 16181381 1«
81633. 40S1867 16 81959 24
81934 .80 32008..: 24 S201S 81
82053 24 82165 40 S2192 40
82209 40 82306 40 82330 40
82398 80S2408 16 82432 1«
82534 16 82573 80 82613 24
82674 16 82730 16I827S3 40
82843 16 82S59 1618333 IS
83028 40 83093.. 16 83123 2t
83240 24 S32T3 l«!S3305 1«
83501 80 81327 24183549 16
83C64 24 33743 16 83777 * 40
83S71. 40|SS833 24 S33S? 40
83977........ 16183991 ¦ 24 84070 1«
84105.. 16184132 24 84189 18
84252 40IS4269 16184342 8>
84410........ 24184437 24184443 40
84674 18 84733 24t84772....i... 24
34S60 80S3024 24l8-*i03S 4)
83205 80I852S1 80J8333S 18
83396 16185440 24183617 18
8S627 2tl%765 24183961 18
86127 80186141 120116130 16
86553 80(86801 120187017 *1
87087 16I872S4 16 87366 1«
87634 24187746.. ...... 4o!877S<» 1«
87779 24187782 24IS790S 1«
8792S 43fS80n3 24 83045 M
88056 16188302 40 885S4 40
88389 40!SSS35 120 8SS11 2t
88884 16I8S93.1 161R8968 IS
89065 16189083 2»!8r>201 24
89275 24189354 4<)ift9«*4:» 40
897S1.., £4189765 12Olff»974 IS
89991 16190118., 49190242 IS
903S3 40190323 24 90615 «
90784 16130824 21131343 18
91511 16191518........ 16191331 16
91640 : 24191663 ; 16191788 40
91819........ 120191825 80COI91S80 24
91928 16191910 16192140 40
92175 24192191 16 92391........ 40
92444 16I92488 18 92505 4)
92920 • 80192946 24192983 18
93052 40(93141 ,. 16193402 24
93467. .-..¦...." 40193476 24t93Si; IS
S3799.. ...... 120193962 24 94003 40
94198 80194277 40 94343 13
94138 J6I94330 16194538 i 49
94"£8 24194739 16194794 IS
94861 18J94836 16 96022 40
95195... 80I9S204 16IS5329 IS
95482 24195334 43195343 18
95604... 16195831 80195763 21
93768 24193997 16I96IX57... 16
96164 1000196238 80196285 18
96339.'... 24*9«4n7 24196492 „. IS
96320........ 20196667 4OI96S90 IS
86727 40196732 24196785 24
96804 16l9fl).">4 80197135 ;.. 40
97328 16197547 24197738 80
97883 24197976 16I373S1 24
98163 2-1198232 80138348 80
9MSS 120198500 19I9857J IS
S8578 16I3M42 MI9886S 18
99039 16"99044 16199047 40
96219 16139278 16199327 40
99600 24199738 40199858 24
99S70 «l ______ I
;¦: APPROXIMATION PRIZES. . V
On* hundred numbers from 68720 to 68820, In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the capital prize $30.000 — $40.
On« hundred numbers from 91775 to 91875. in~
elusive, -belny 50 numbers on each side ot the
number drawing the capital prize of $.3000—114.
One hundred numbers from 43450 to 43550. In-
clusive, belnsr SO numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the capital prize of 14060 — $18.
. TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine number* eod-
fnsr with 70, belnsr the two last figures of tha
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $8.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 25. being the two last figures of tho
number drawing the second capital prize of
*30OO-*8. •
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class ' D, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers -which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes Corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. Hon-
duras. C. A., this Saturday, April 13, 1901.
(Signed) * ~. S. CABELL.
_____ Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAP-
ITAL PRIZE.
State of Tennessee, County of Shelby.
On this 18th day of March. 1901, before me.
Joseph Ooldbaum. a notary public in and for
satd county and State, personally appeared J.
Williamson, who, being flrst duly sworn, de-
poses and says: "I am the lawful owner of
one-half ticket In the Honduras National Lot-
tery Company (formerly Louisiana State Lot-
tery) bearing number fifty-nine thousand three
hundred and eigbty-cne (£9381) in .the drawing
of said lottery, which took place at Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on the 9th day of
March, 1901; ticket flfty-nlne thousand three
: hundred and eighty-one drew the first capital
; prize of thirty thousand ($30,000) dollars.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of March. 1901. J. WILLIAMSON.
JOSEPH GOLDBAUM. Notary Public
Witnesses: T. FROST BARETT.
B. H.' MOORE.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans, City of
New -Orleans.
Personally came and appeared before me, Ed-
ward Rlghter, a notary public in and for the
Parish of Orleans and State of Louisiana, duly
commissioned and qualified, Paul Slgg, . who
being duly sworn, deposes and says that ho
lives at 1617 Urquhart street ¦ In the city of
New Orleans, and that he is the lawful owner
of one-quarter ticket of the Hdndura* National
Lottery Company (L. S. L.), No. 59381. which
number draw the first capital prize of thirty
thousand I dollars ($30,000)/ at the drawing at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, Saturday, March 9.
1901. and that said ticket was paid on presen-
tation. ~
(Signed) PAUL SIGO.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this
Uth March, B01.- -; ' -
(Signed) EDWARD RIGHTER.
• Notary Public.
$3730 FOR 23 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
' State of Missouri. City of St. Louis. .
This day personally appeared before me. ¦ Al-
bert C. Haumueller, a notary public. F. J.
Lounsbury, who upon his oath says that he is
a resident of Granite City, 111., and Is em-
ployed in tho ste«l mills there, and that ha
is the- rightful owner of one-eighth ticket No.
59331 in the Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery), which In the
drawing held on Saturday, March J. 1901. at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., drew the flrst
capital prize of thirty thousand dollars, and
that said ticket was paid la full without any
deductions.
(Signed) F. J. LOUNSBURY.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 19th
day of March. 1001. * ' fiBSl
(Signed) ALBERT C. HATJMXTELLER.
Notary • Public. No. 805 Market st.
St. Louis, witnesses to signature:
HENRY SCHRIEVER.
F. W. KATJP. !
. My commission expires March 22. 1902.
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAP-
' ITAL PRIZE.
Charles N.'Fithfan, being duly sworn, says
that he is a resident of Paris. Bourbon Coun-
ty Ky.. and that be is the bona fide owner of
one-half ticket No. 6999. drawing second capi-
tal prize of $3000 in the Honduras National
Lottery Company of Puerto Cortez, Honduras.
C. A., In the drawing of March 9, 1901.
CHARLES N. FITHIAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of March. 1901. ED D. PATON.
Notary Public. Bourbon County. Ky.
My commission expires Janaary 13, 1902.
Originkls ¦ of foregoing . affidavits, held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (L. A. State . Lottery Cft.).
NUMBERS
. . OF. THE-— - : '-:;
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOnERY.)
' [PATENT APPLIED FOR-1
Single - Number, Class "D," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., 6at-
urday, April 13, 1901.
No. Prlie. No. Prize. No. Prize.
7.. 24 57 40 1(H... 18
121.. SO 496 IS 505 16
548.. 16 579 W 720.. 16
811 24 828 24 915 80
944......... 24 9«9 16 1260 40
1319........ 16 1435........ 16 1474 24
1639........ 24 1S21 80 1836 16
1*83 24 1963 24 1975........ 80
1976 16 2040 40 2210.. J 80
L 22S5.. ...... 24 2297 16 2382........ 40
24S6.. ....... 16 2595 40 S622 16
2716 ,16 2721 24 2754.: 24
2kO4 ...' .84 2812 16 3S41.. 14
3C54 1C S084 24 3162 18
31&6 16.3273 24 3339........ 24
3405 ' 40 3443..;....: • 16 3479..; 400
3623.: 40 3642 120 3054 24
3703.. 16 3710........ 40 3843 .40
4015...;.... 16 .4105... 16 41J6 16
4244........ . 16| 4372........ 24 4456 24
44S6.. 16| 4572 16 4745........ IS
4*92 40| 5010........ 40 5045 16
6123 SO 5193 24 5199 24
5373 16L 5414 16 334S 40
5555 SO] 5642.. 16 5679 ' 24
5690 24 5S74 16 5SS7 40
6917........ 24|5976 • 16 6046 16
'6072. 16 61S1.. ...... 16 6223 -18'
6249 40 6303 120 6367 21
6445 40 6526 40 6685 21
6926.. 16 6963 16 7058 .... 24
7177 40 7294 16 7392 24 ]
-74C6 J 16 7783 ,40 7835.. 24
7S7S. ....... 16 7994. 16 8059 16
8096.. 16 8110........ 40 8133........ IS
8276 16 8460 80 8622........ 18
8U31 16 8710 24 8795 40
8857... 80 8876 24 8990 24
9009...:.... 16 9214 " 16 9315 24
9334 24 9498........ SO 9723.. 40
9848 120 10146 16 10174........ 40
10201 16 1C256........ 4010369 80
1C413 .16 10625 40 106S6 16
U-7S2... 16 10306 40 10SS8 18
105CO "'. 40 11129 120 11262 1«
11406.. 1« 11559.: 80|U72S 15
USS6 16 119S9 16112112 16
12132........ 16 12245... 80 12249..-; 24
12348 16 12489 24 12331..'...... 24
12627........ 2 12644.: 4W 12898.. 18
1?993 2 13228 40 13234 40
13379........ 2 13S33 80 13595 21
1JS72 24 13935........ 16 14060 24
14131........ 16 14179 24 14300 16
14331 16 14443 24 14479 IS
14511 16 14532 80 14597 16
14666... 24 14684 40|14724 40
14777 1 14805... 16 14S1O M 16
MS76.. 1 14S77. 120 14894 21
14984 16 15011 24 15134 24
1M53 4015519.... 40 15609. 24
15663 16 15739......... 80 15885 40
15910........ 16 1593J.. 24 16013 16
16096...;.... 2 16127 24 16190... M
16192. 1 16383 1816579 16
16*57 40 16389 „' 16 16998........ 80
17144........ 24 17336 24 17348 40
17467 40 17524 24 17539........ 40
17611 16 17667 24 17705 16
17759 16 17891 24 1SO94 18
1S103 24 18370 40 18452 16
18596.. 24 18620 .16 18697 16
18812 40 1SS14 16 1S943 16
U986 80 19018 16 19130 40
1C172 24 19203 16 19857 16
li-339 24 19416 80 194S2 .'.'. 18
194S6... 16 19699 J4 19990 24
20094 24 20140 16 20152 16
20197 ... 120 20246 -16 20303 24
20441........ 24 20584 24 20688 24
20722........ 80 20985 16 21028 16
21117 16 21120 2121139 24
21265 24 21272 80 21284. ...¦¦.... 16
21302.. .'80 21340 24 21351 24
21472 16 21552 16 21561 4'>
21712... 2421788 8021920.... 16
22091 80 22315..: 80 22395.. " 16
22515 80 22892 16 22918 16
22965 :... .24 23068 16 23072 40
23076... 16 23087 16 23120.... 16
233062 24 23314 .... .16 23454 16
23491 16 23546 16 23627 16
25638 24 2C683. :...'... 24 23883 16
23323 40 23992. 40 24005 24
24118.'. 24 24269... 24 24393 16
24394 16 24402 ;. 16 24818 40
24836 16 25070 16 25103 24
25161 24 25207 24 23235 16
25384 16 25502..'. 16 25377 24
25587 40 25655 80 25334........ 24
25975 40 26019 16 26028 16
26326 ,16 26385 16 26428 16
26733........ 16 26708 16 26794 18
26798 80 26825 16 26895 1«
27003 16 27222 80 27364 40
27495 16 27503.. ..;... 2427545 16
27080.. 16 27691. 16 27799 24
£7819 40 28001 24 28018 80
28228 24 28441 ' "16 2S5S3 40
28796 • 16 28817 16 28854........ 16
29027 16 3033 24 29208 18
29217. .2429375 83 29560........ 80
29573 40 29762.. 29783...:.... 5 24
29811 80 29939 16 S0207 24
J0209 -24 30221 /... 24 30238 16
30298 16 30536 24 30612 16
30613........ .24 30739.. 40 30784.... r... 40
30828 24 308S7 24 30859........; 16
31023........' 16 31025........ 24 81032 4»
31041. ......:* 16 31300......... 80 31312........ 18
31481 40 31547... 16 31398 24
31675 40 31730.....:.. 40*1887.. 2«
31932 18 31934 40 31959 16
32033 40 32069........ 24 3220S 40
32514 16 32557 24 3.2652 80
32714 .... 24 32819 .24 32830 1«
32949 16 33443 18 33513... 24
33594 16 33712 .16 33870 24
3S9S6 2434039 24 34302 ] 1«
34321 16 34367 • 24 34484........ 24
34504...:.... 16 34611 24 34625..'. 40
34641...; 80 34698 16 J4704...:.... 24
34820..: 120 34851 f. 24 34S56.. ...... 80
34893........ .16 34956... 16 35106 24
35168.. - 40 35194... 16 SS252.. ...... 1J
35354 80 3S359 . 40 35405.. .:.... 40
S5U6 ;.. S 24 35443. 16 35444....:... 16
35R32 16 35574...'..:.. '80 33624.. 18
35705 16 35903 16 3592}. 16
S6064 40 36166 16 36195 16
36238........ 4036325 .."40S8353 24
36430........ M 36608 24 36847......... 1«
S6840 16 6921........ 40 36984 24
36885 40 37239 24 37300. .24
J7373.. ...... 18 37493 '24 37873 16
57731... 16 37753... 16 37774 16
37791../ 1« 7S79 80 38063.. 18
38]33 16 S236. 80 3S400 ! 24
J8417 40 38470 40 38672 18
38707 24 3S7J5 16 38774 34
58878........ 16 38949.. ..:... 4039023 IS
»112........ 16 38123 16 39197 24
39470 40 39738 400 40033, 40
M147.. ...... 16 40240 24 40265... 24
10845........ SO 43408........ 2000 40884 80
10887 16 0896........ 16 0956... 16
U02B " 400 1070... 16141153... 18
11249.. 40 4t276........ 120 41593 16
J1626 40 41695........ 24 41S23.Y 24
H992. 24 42037.'. 24 42084.'. 24
J2211. 24 4234S.. ....„ 1642384........ 1«
J2404 .16 44409........ 16 42470 24
12503 44 2314 .... 24 42524 1«
12623..: '24 2683 24 43003. 8'?
13018........ 24 3109 24 43116 24
J3307 „ '16 43413 16 43500 4000
13596 16 3732 16 43808 18
13828 .... 40 4006 24 44133 16
14206........ 40 44504 16 44S12 16
M6M... .;... 1« " -
11637 16 44833 40 44SS9 16
15020 16 45214 24 43328........ 24
(54C2 * 16 45657 24 45707 24
16249... 100046M7. 4046352... 40
IP878 24 46449 16 46535 16
16603 24 46332... 16146995 14
17020 -16 "(US........ 80 47158........ . 16
(7258 80 7358 :.. '.80 47565 16
IT701 .». 4047725 16 4778* 16
17008 24 47946 24M7977 24
1S203 16 48249 16 48563 40
(J566 24 8636 16 48687 16
1S728 '.. 24 SS98 24 43901 U
15,943 16 48956 16 4*107 "40
19138 :... 16 49173 M6I4S279. U
19310 80 49312 « 16143354 18
[E5C6 2449567 ...80)49805 49
19S06 24 9888... _ 40I4W11 18
10070 40I5C071 16I300TC 24
iOO7S.. v . " 4050113 16I50U5...:.... 40
i0l53 40150158.... ...«- 24150178 18
SC267.: 241SC29O... 88150378 16
i04F3 .... 16150492... 16160617 It
ICS03 16(50830 16150*68 16
;08S8.: 24151075........ 24151110 -24
1141 80(51173 16161212 16
,1283 ' 40151338.. 18151473 18
,1508...: 16151519 M0i51574 80
:«C2.. ...... 16131712 - 16151737 24
,1SC5:.. 40151887 16J52000 40
,2014 16152053.. .*.... 16152065 24
;?094 : 1« 52276.. 24152365.' IS
23G7.. ......' 80 524*9.. 80|52«23. ...:... 16
2792 ' 24 52793. .- 4015*958.. IS
3CS7."...-..'. 24153493...:.... 24I5S301. ..:.... 80
£757.: 24153832... 16153923 24
.4030........ - 24154101;..:.... 24154157 18
4308.:: 16154311 1834463 „ 80
4G35.. :..... 16 54656.;.....; 18IE4684 16
47E0........ 24 54818 40|54S67 40
4S91 .1654959.. 16154979 40
£228.. i..... 1«!5S258. ;...... 16lo5265 ...- 24
5423 40155530 40155731 120
5744 * 40155745 16IR5802........ 16
6228. .". • 24!5«258........ " 16156253...:.... 40
6395....:.... 80I568S4.. -16 56997 2t
'.044... 16I57160 ' 16)57327 24
7395.. ' : 16I5744S.. ...... .16 57482 24
7491 24157551 SO|576O6 18
.7683....'..*.. 4057859 40158039 24
S050.. ...... 16I5S2S5.. ....... 24138412 IS
{555.. 40I5S581 16J5876S 24
«46.. ...... 16JM892 • 18!58304 M
i95S.. ...... SO -v - •
DC93.. 80159239 16159444 24
C6S6 K'59947.. ...... 40159971 •. 49
0019 . 16I60C42..-. 24160136.. .;.,,.. 16/
'0238.....:.. :-: 40160321........ 40 60408 - lif
£¦528 - 24 i60S50........ 16160678 » 24
0721. .16160883 24 61027........ 40
1043.. 16161170..;..... . M 61257 24
12S9. ....... 401613*1........ 16 61624... 120
1672 16161691.. 1SI6171O u «
1859.. '• 16162053 ..; 40W6206S.:......- 16
2163... 15162221.. 40162233... 40
1-238........ 16 162243... ..... 40162255 18
J3C2..-. 16'62344........ 16162430 is j
?431.. ...... 24162500........ 40162353. 24
t6SS........ 24162726.... .... -16 62769........ 80 ,
rR67........ 16162901.. .;,.... 40162922..; 24 '
3155.. ...... .1516.1213........ 16IS3569.. ...... 18 ,
3454......... 24163518 16163654......... ¦ 16
WiO.. ...... $0163738 ¦ 16163897........ 16
3916...:.... 24 63944........ 16I63992.r.V......_>
4158........ ¦ 16 64297........ 40164321........ 18 '
¦24 64373.......; 16J64432 80Professor Pliny E.Gbddard Delivers an Interesting Lecture on
"The Indians ¦ of Nbftriern Galifornia"-»Sales Are En
cduraging"-Twq Important Pictures : Being- Disposed Of.
SUCCESS OF THE ART EXHIBITION
IS MORE PRONOUNCED EACH DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALL, THURSDAY^ APRIL 18, 190 li'
RETURNS AFTER SIX YEARS
TO SCENE OF FORMER LABORS
. PETITION /IN INSOLVENCY.— F. B.- Free
man clerk, San Francisco, : filed ? a petition in
insolvency yesterday in 'the "United States Dis
trict Court. He • owes $743. 45 and has no as
sets. F -. ' ..¦;¦¦• ¦ - : . v ¦••-'¦¦
and set a trap to catch' the thief. They
filled several cases j with rocks and at
tached a .wire ! to i the topmost case, which
they connected with ; a. 'bell at the rear "of
the store. Saturday afternoon the bell
rang, and Angus McLeod, the senior part
ner, saw Sullivan with- the topmost case
in his hands, which he-drppped and ran.
He was chased, and captured. , The case
will be continued to-morrow.
On December 1."- 1900; Switzerland had a
population of 3,312,551. , . - ,
How a Thief Was Trapped.
John J. Sullivan^ was " charged in ; Judge
Fritz's court yesterday with' petty lar
ceny. McLeod & Ha tje, ', wholesale liquor
merchants, 515 Market street, had -been
missing cases of whisky from their store
¦ - . -; ¦ ¦,
CLEMENT HOPKINS, WHO HAS
ADVANCED RAPIDLY IN HIS •
PROFESSION.- . .
MCET GIVE UP THE SHIP.— "United States
District Judge de Haven handed down a de
cision yesterday in the suit of M. R. Roberts
vs; the scow echooner Howard aad Eepinoea
<3e loe Monteros in favor of the plaintiff for
1750 damages and possession of the schooner.
Acquisition of Utilities.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that when it has
plans and estimates of the actual cost of
original construction ready upon any ono
public utility the proposition may be sub
mitted for the permanent acquisition
thereof to the people, but no proposition
can be submitted until pians and estimates
have been procured.
REIS' METHODS
ARE VERY LAX
Says He Never Examines
Bail Money Order
: Indorsements.
The preliminary examination of Daniel
J. Sullivan on the charge of : forgery was
held yestetday before Justice of the Peace
Percy 1 V.. Long, ; sitting in Police Judge
Cabaniss* court. The defendant was rep
resented ¦ by Attorney T. , J. Lennon, and
Assistant District Attorney Hanley con
ducted the prosecution, assisted by As
sistant District Attorney Deuprey. The
¦ evidence of \ J. \ O. Reis, cashier ¦ in the'
Treasurer's office, was a startling surprise
to the prosecution, as it showed a method
of- conducting business so lax as to \ be
almcst Inconceivable. Reis admitted that
when orders were presented . for the re
turn of bail money he never looked to
the indorsement, as he considered it was
not essential, and he only looked to see
that the signature of the Judge was all
right. \ His evidence will in /ill probability
result in' the defendant's discharge.
"When-the case was called Hanley asked
that he be permitted. to substitute a new
complaint, as there were clerical errors in
.the old one, and Lennon offered no objec
tion. J. - Evans, saloon-keeper, 116 Eddy
street, swore to the new complaint.. Sulli
van- was. booked, on the charge and In
structed and arraigned. , Lennon then in
terposed* a. demurrer to the complaint on
various grounds,. which the Judge over
ruled. *. ..-.¦ , ¦¦.¦-...•¦-¦¦..• - % ,--_ ¦. ". - ¦ •-
; Evans testified that he had furnished $250
cash bail. on. March 22 for the release of
Ella Thomas, charged with disturbing the
peace; In Judge. Conlan's.-. court. He got
a receipt for the money." He did not in
dorse his name, to an order for the re
turn of the bail money. In cross-examina
tion he admitted that he had on several
occasions '¦ previously authorized i Sullivan
to sign his name to orders for the return
of .bail money when he had been too 'busy
to. go to court, but he had not done so
in the case of, the $250. While Evans was
being examined it came out that, although
the,, woman i was -charged with disturbing
the peace; -the -order for the returnof
j the i bail , money < gave the : charge I as i va
grancy. '¦•-..' .:
,3. ; O. . Reis, ¦ cashier In the Treasurer's
office, testified to having, paid the $250 to
Sullivan on the order presented. In cross
examination he said: '"The 'J. Evans,' the
signature as it • appears « there. Is not -In
this particular, instance essential to the
payment of the money on this particular
order."
"You were not deceived," asked Attor
ney Lennon, "in this particular instance
by the signature 'J. Evans'?"
Reis replied in the negative.!
"You- didn't see it or look for It at the
time. the order was presented in this par
ticular instance?" ¦
Reis again replied "No." :
. ; In • answer • . to - ; further ¦ questions, Reis
said -'he believed the signature of Judge
Conlan.to the order was genuine. It was
his duty to familiarize himself with * the
signatures of the Judges -and he, would
pronounce the signature of the Judge gen- :
uineJ ;,* -.* ¦' " ¦----. -¦-¦»-. . j
Captain Seymour testified that Sullivan
admitted in his presence that he had forg
ed Evans'- signature to the indorsement on
the back of the order. '
This closed the case of the prosecution
and Attorney Lennon ; moved for a dis
missal.-but the: Judge- said ne would re
serve his decision till Saturday."' - • v
LEMENT HOPKINS, a San Fran
/[^ cisco boy and. erstwhile "super"
ll at Morosco's Grand Opera-house,
N^!^ has returned after six years to
the scene of his early histrionic
I ttruggles.
Mr. Hopkins is stage manager for
Blanche "Walsh's production "More Than
Queen," now playing at the Columbia.
Hopkins has been going over the theatri
cal hurdles to success rapidly since he
left San Francisco to Join Augustln Daly's
company six years ago. Until that time
he had been doing stunts*in papier mache
armor and proclaiming to "me lord" the
arrival cf the carriage at Morosco's for
a stipend of $3 per week.
Daly took the aspiring youth on several
'trips to Europe and gave him rapid ad
vancement with his company.
When the great manager died Hopkins
•was his stage manager, and when the Im
mortal band cf players that made Daly's
Theater famous was scattered Hopkins
attached himseif to "More Than Queen,"
and is regarded as an adept In the in
tricate art of running the mysterious re
gion behind the curtain.
LADY; : IN CHARGE'" OF 'TO
DAY'S PROGRAMME AND
TWO ARTISTS.
Customs Collector Stratton has ap
pointed "W. L. Courtwrlght, messenger In
the office ol Special Deputy Hamilton, as
assistant storekeeper, class 2,. in the new
Government bonded warehouse No. 12.
Mr. Courtwrlght's . appointment Is a pro
motion to a higher class and carries with
it an Increase of salary from $340— his
salary as messenger— to 41400 per annum,
the salary attached to the new position.
"W. L. Courtwright
MUSIC, SONG.- AND DANCE
FOB LADIES.' SODALITY
Amateurs Bender a ; Splendid Benefit
Programme .and .Scori a Big
Success. . •
The entertainment for the benefit of the
Ladles' Society of St. Ignatius Church,
eiven last evening at St. Igrnatius Hall,
was both an artistic and financial success.
The -hall was crowded and the audience
showed its pleasure by frequent and con
tinued applause.
The programme presented was a varlea
one and music, both vocal and Instru
mental, dancing and recitations round
place on It. One of the best things on a
programme "of "very good -things was the
one-act comedietta, "Our Hated Rival."
splendidly presented by Miss Lillian M.
Qulnn . and Miss Mary G. Inglis." ; Mlsd
Quinn. in her characterization of Veronica
Varnish, showed herself to be possessed
of considerable dramatic talent.
Delegates in Annual Ses
sion at St. John's
Church.
The annual session \ of the ¦ California
and Nevada District Synod of the Luther
an church was opened last night at St.
John's Lutheran Church, Twenty-second
and-Capp streets. Delegates were present
from all parts of the two States which
compose the district and Lutherans from
San Francisco and the bay cities swelled
the audience to the limit' of the church's
.capacity. - ~ . ..-•'•
This opening meeting was devoted to the
synodical sermont delivered by the Rev.
F. Pieper, president of the Missouri Sy
nod, which has jurisdiction over "the Lu
theran churches of all the United States
and Canada. Rev. "Mr. Pieper is profes
sor of dogmatics in the Lutheran The
ological School at St. Louis and is one of
the most eminent men- of the sect.. -
The Rev. J. H. Schroeder, pastor of St.
John's Church, opened ¦ the service * with
scripture reading and prayer. The regu
lar choir of the church rendered music for
the service. • . . ' -".-•¦
The' theme of the sermon was embodied
in the question, "What must be the mes
sage of the church, to the twentieth cen
.tury?" The speaker said by-way of in
troduction that many, think the twentieth
century requires something more thanHhe
old gospel; that there are those who say
that its message should be one of science,
one of progress. . But repentance and for
giveness of sins thiough Christ's atone
ment .must remain the church's message
to mankind in every age. . Continuing the
speaker said in part: • , . f .-,
According to the world's standards there .Is
much difference betwesn men. Some are rated
as good, some. as bad. But before God all men
are sinners. I admit that virtue ¦ and ¦ public
honesty are the pillars upon which civilization
and the welfare of all nations must rest. Hon
esty and virtue must be encouraged ¦ and t ap
preciated. Incalculable harm is done - all ¦ na
tions by evil men within them. Yet in spite
of this apparently .¦:. great difference between
men we must preach lo.the world! that all are
sinners before God and as such all-must're
pent. ' ' *-. - - \ ; . ¦¦ .- • • y. ¦ ¦ •-,.',
There can be no other message to the,twen
tieth century than this universal message .'of
God to universal .mankind: "Repent of your
sins and humble yourtelf before God." Christ
was crucified, died and rose again, and through
his atonement alone have we : forgiveness for
our sins. . ¦ ¦•. . - '. ' • • ¦ . ' "• .;
Men may \ say, "Has not the world received
much good through Buddha, ¦ through ' Moham
med, through Confucius?"- Yes. ¦ my dear
friends, so the world has, but. Buddha did not
die for us,- nor did Mohammed,. nor. Confucius.'
Christ alone atoned on the cross for our sins.
Therefore foregiveness is in Christ alone. No
man will ever obtain foregiveness I and eternal
life : through science and the progress of civil
ization. In : the 'twentieth century, as In the
past, repentance and forgiveness for sins re
main the central thought of our religion. ¦
The synod will meet this morning at 9:30
o'clock, when delegates will be enrolled
and organization for the work of the ses
sion effected. The Revv J. M. 1 Buehler,
pastor of. St. Paulus Lutheran Church, is
president of the district synod and : the
Rev. J. H. Thelss of Oakland is secretary
There will be morning and afternoon
meetings every day until next Wednesday,
when the session closes. | A special meet
ing .will . be held • Sunday - night. AH the
proceedings will be conducted in German.
THE feature of the day's entertain
ment at the Allied Arts exhlbl
tion at Mechanics' Pavilion yes
ter was the sainted and instruct
' ive address of Professor Pliny E.
Goddard on "The Indians of Northern
California." The professor dealt briefly •
with their history and habits of life and
more at length on their art as illustrated
by the basket work, of which such excel
lent examples are to be seen in the ex
hibition.
The musical programme of -the,, after
noon was a rare treat Miss Ethel Lid
"ston gave two violin 30I08 with'- pleas'ng
effect, the "Kyarriha" CVVIeniawski) and
Vieuxtemps" Fantasia (first movement);
Miss Edith Hanks sang "Les Pecheurs de
Perles" (Bizet) with nice feeling: Albert
W. Neilson gave a Godard "Berceuse," .
for cello, with much taste and intelligence,
and Bert Georges' renderings of. his two
vocal solos— "Love Is a Sickness" and
"Life " and Death" (Neldllnger)— gave
much pleasure. .
The evening programme was given over
to the psychic side of things,' with palm
reading by Mrs. McManus (at 5 - and 10
cents a head) and to a review by the ladies
of the work of the different departments •
since the beginning of the exhibition. .. .
The sales have been very encouraging
all around. Two imccrtant picture sale3
have been made within the week— "Rising
SYNOD MEETING
FOR LUTHERANS
Moon," «by Keith, and "Le Solr." of M.
Hagerup.,,The collection of Indian wares
has almost all been disposed of and In the
textile "departments '.the beautiful speci
mens of lace have found many buyers..
To-day's programme js in charge of,
Mrs.' James Crawford aad . the following
ladles: ; .. : .
Dr. Dorothea Moore, Mrs.* C.E. Cooper, Mrs.
Edward • Glaser, Mrs. ."W. J. Bartnett, Mrs.
Robert Collier, Mrs. Luther "Wagoner, Mrs.
Rose Poul ting, Mrs. J.M. Costigan, Mrs. Dor
othy Herndon, Mrs. C. R. Johnson, Miss Eliza
beth Bergen, Miss Grace "Wool and Miss Emily
<7oy , • ....... .,....'.
A feature of the day will be the exhibi
tlon'of a huge photograph by the Sunset
Photo-engTavlngr Company of the Marl
posa grove of bigr trees.: •
The excellent .- programme for to-day Js
as follows: /
Afternoon— "The Dramatic and Scenic Con
struction of a-Play," lecture by Robert Down
ing; -Waltz songs, (Arditti), Miss Julia Cotte
of. the Tivoli: "The Holy City" (Adams), Ar
thur ' Cunningham of the Tivoli; songs and
selections, Mrs. Wilson; Mrs. Batchelder, ac
companist. : ••¦ ¦
• Evening— Prologue: ¦¦ "I Pagllaccl" (Leonca
vallo). Slg-nor J. Zanla; serenata (Mattel).
Miss Freda Ohlandt; "Abendlled" (Schumann-
WllhelmJ), Pletro : Marino; mazurka (Wienl
awskl); -Non conoscla, > "Mlgnon" (Thomas),
Slgnorina Lla Poletlnl; vocal quartet— (a)
"Dreams" - (Streles«kl), (b) : "Maiden" (Gans),
Mrs. Frank J. ? Thayer. Miss Marlon . Cum
mlngs, "William DavlB, T. J. Sandys; "Serenata
Lombardo" (Grazlanl). mandolin and lute.
Miss Mamie Schokes and Professor R. Laraja;
selection, John Desmond; "Theme et Varia
tions"-^. David), Harry Factor, accompanied
by Nathan ,Landsberger: ¦ "The Lady Picking
Mulberries" (Edgar Kelley). sung In Chinese
costume. -• Miss . Emma Strobridge; ''There'll
Never Be One Like -God" (Taucher), T. G.
Gantnor; ; laughing trio (Martini), j Miss Kath
erlne - Black, . David Manlloyd, - T.. J. Sandys;
B. ' A. Lucchesi, ¦ pianist - director.
12
ADVE3TISEHENTS*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Weekly /Call, '$1 per Tear
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of •', GONORRHEA, GLEETS, <
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of. Use
Organs of- Generation. " *
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Three More
Days of
Extraordinary
Cheap Selling
. 1*| AND. iTHE 'MOST SUC-
. CESSEULSALE.WErVE
EVER HELD WILL BE
. -.-.OVER. .
I To make this the biggest sales- 'I
. day of the week, will sell to-day : j
BOcWOMAN'S SHIRT-WAISTS Qgj."
»c CHILDREN'S WHITE L.AWN A_Gk/-
.. DRESSES, neatly trimmed...... **UC
Sc^ CHILDREN'S BLACK HOSE P 1£*~
for *V>V,
' $1 50- STRAIGHT FRONT COR- QQ p
,,., SETS,: different makes ." ifOC
• 12^c '"CHILDREN'S . I BLACK ;'Tl r .
1 hose, ;.... :...*. ayv
20c- 1 CHILDREN'S BLACK . 1 Ql r
t HOSE 1-««2W*
;17c; WOMAN'S BLACK HOSE... I ' J | g.
25C WOMAN'S COTTON VESTS, | ?T{&
..long sleeves * 4 w
;20c' WOMAN'S GINGHAMi AP- :l|"|r»
. RONS * W
60c WOMAN'S CORSETS.......... Q5%£
91 25 WOMAN'S WAISTS, neatly O KJ^-,
- trimmed ;.......... OOV*
¦ 25c ', BOYS" PERCALE WAISTS : "" | K
25c CHILDREN'S SHAKER BON- |Q«.
NETS... ...... lOv
$1 00 '. WOMAN'S CAMBRIC £iCZr*
.NIGHT GOWNS..:.....-.........-. VWU
•50c WOMAN'S CAMBRIC DRAW- QQp
;ERS:..-..;.;...V.-......v.:.;..'.;....;''OOt,
40c WOMAN'S : HEMSTITCHED QQ/>
DRAWERS -^*>y
SPECIAL PRICES IN SUMMER OVER-
SKIRTS ....'
.; 23c, 35c, 45c. T5c, O5c, ?1 .25, : ?1J5O
r Many are worth double. - . •
Space ' prevents from . mentioning ¦'- hun-
dreds of other specials— on sale to-day only.'-
N.o country orders filled on these goods,
as they., won't 'last.
1212-1214 MARKET ST;,
v Bei, T&ylop and Joe83. ?
»^ «^^^^« %^BB1S^ fc
SPECIAL SALE!
THUflSOAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
We offer the best and
ask only the lowest prices*
CLARET, gallon 4Oo
A xhoice old table wine. ' *
Eegrularly 60c. .
LAUNDRY SOAP, 7 cakes 25o
This !¦ our Ideal brand. '
unequaled for quality. . ¦
Regularly 6 for 25c.
GINGER ALB, dozen $1.20
Garry's celebrated brand of Imported
Belfast Ginger Ale. Regularly |1 5a
SICILY LEMONS, dozen loo
The very choicest.
Regularly 25c
PHILLIP'S COCOA, K-lb can 3Oo
Phillip's digestlbla Cocoa,
delicious and nutritious. . - "
J Regularly 35a '
IDEAL MUSH, 4 pk£s 25o
Made from the choicest Sonora
white wheat. Cooks quick, excels all others ,
Regularly 3 for 23c.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY—
- Full qt. bot. 91.0O. galloa *4.OO
An old established brand : • ' •-
of high quality. A corkscrew free
' with' every bottle. Regularly $1 23 anl J3.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square 30c
1 ; . Fresh every day.
CIGARS, KEY WEST—
Rosa do Santa Clara, each I2'^c
Box of 25, 82.75
A six-Inch clear Havana cigar.
Regularly 3 for 50c and $3 50 a box.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITZD-CATALOGUS TBZS
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE NEVER "BUST."
: • • i ••>' MAIN,- 5522. ¦• '¦ -
p. noscoE 3ie\*iii/nr, m.d. -,
ZHVt KearaySt. San Francij.cn. C-J
DR.MQNULTY.
flTHIS VnCLtr-KSOVrS AND RFXIABLE OLD
.L Specialist eurei Blood Poison, Gonorrbcea, Gleet.
Stricture, SJpmliial Weakness. Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. 1 -oolt on Diseases of Men, free.
OverSOyears'experence.Ternn reasonable. Hours.
9to3daily;e:30toS.30eT > Ks.SandaT»,10tol2.C«>n3nl-
tationlreeandsacredlyconfldentlaL Call or addxesa
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiatia Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIGOHA-
tor and "Nervine. - .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedr for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys »nd Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
-a-^-* NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents.
• 2^ Market st.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
WE MUS^
I ||VACATE
THAT MEANS
9 -H-I I ! I I I '! 1 I I I I M I- 1 ! I I ! I M I I I I I 1"M-^?•l-l-'I 1 I I \ '¦!"M«»
We will not move all of
the immense stock of-
Gents Furnishing Goods
That were bought of the Sheriff
after the failure of J. COHN & CO.
•¦: 1 n 1 1 : M-r-M-i-H 1:11:111:1 11 1 1 11 : : 1 1 1 1 : : h-k-k-*
Here Are a Few Prices We Offer Toy:
A Splendid Overcoat........... .$2.95
Overcoats are always In reason In San W*>l W
Francisco. •. •
A Good Suit of Clotues........$I B5
This is a suit made to sell at $10.00. "We . I 1 W
boug-bt It cheap and do not want to ¦; ¦ . . ' . T • ¦....,
move It. . ¦ »
A Stylish Pair of Pants ...;... :*m.
These pants are sold at this price because \ ' • III V.
the lots are broken. . ..;...
A Complete Line of 25c Hose .IOC
As for Hats, quantities of tne best in San QCp
: Francisco at .......:.... Owo
.....REMEMBER THE PLACE.....
NEXT TO THE "CALL" BUILDING,
709 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Important Wrapper Values,
i House . .dresses. made from such fine ma- /tfkh>
terials, cut and sewed so carefully,: trim- qrrW
med so tastefully and priced so fairly are jB^s^. -*
certainly worth calling important. /P^wvl
GOc; Percale "Wrappers — of fine percale, light . ||[;w!ppjW'"
and dark colors, pretty patterns, either stripes HPIa! W
or figures. The yokes are trimmed with pret- \\tw^^
ty braid— 34 to 46. "
85c _ Percale • Wrappers — figures and \ stripes \ W||
-trimmed -with - ruffle around shoulders and
yolce, finished with fancy braid, on collar, yoke llr- • : #alr' ; '
arid cuffs- — back is pleated, front is loose and llir: mIIIiI
_ belted' in. 'Around; the bottom is a deep , lllfc
.flowing flounce— colors red, black." dark and iiSSti
light 'blue and pink — 34 to 46. " . jrainPl
$1.25 Percale Wrappers— A wide ruffle runs . /^m^^^^^x
around yoke and over shoulders, which is M^JfjiMi fl|p|i!v<\
edged with embroid ery— collar, cuffs and r^fj^MnW fw-*^W
yoke are finished with fancy braid— the back t:\\^^Q
. fits tight, .the bottom is flounced, dark and ~^=^^^^^^^^^
light blues and reds predominite — 34 to 46.
Ladies' Muslin Gowns To-Day 38c.
And they are not cheap gowns, though the price may indicate'
it. They are made as well and from as good a quality of muslin
as you are in the habit of buying for much more money. The
yokes are square and made of hemstitched tucks, collars and
cuffs set off with hemstitched ruffles.
Two other values we must mention to-day:
iMuslin Drawers. 22e — The muslin is a soft and heavy quality. They hay*
deep hemstitched cambric ruffles on bottom— an excellent value, 22c pair.
Ladies' Cambric Skirts 8Sc— and not skimpily or hurriedly made garments,
either. On the bottom is a double ruffled flounce trimmed with Valen-
ciennes lace. ¦
phildferi's Gingham Dresses 85c
..-/.- Made from a fine, soft jtinRham, plain reds, pinks and blues with a
square yoke of embroidery — trimmed with wide ruffle. around shoulders and
yoke. At the bottom is a deep hemstitched hem— sizes for girls 1, 2, 3 and 4
years- old. .-.¦..- , '" •
' " ' Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate are. •
Halo's.
G5& (0=})|
Trs,de n\^rk. 5t\own
.^bove.i5^gu^r^ntyof
t^e high quality of tl\e^b€
Tl\e m^Tveloui popularity
of the50R05IS shoe every-
where ceases to be remarkable
when you mvkriW its merits.
. One pair will convince. ¦
**^ W«AUWAY5
5izesIto9-WidthsAAA
1 I m to n
No branch stores
50 THIRD STftEETT^ 1^
I fSfcotrt d)oe<storefromtfvM<St \
CASH OR LTTTLE-AT-A-TIME.
CfflFFONIERSl
Just In— A large lot of Fine Oak Chiffoniers:
up- to /late styles, and all tha way from
$12.50 XJip.
No home comnlete without one of these
great comforts. You know, we pay no rent,
so undersell ' them all. We carry everything
m stock to set you up~ in housekeeping.
THE J. NOONIN FURNITURE COMPANY
' • '
IOI 7- 1 023 Mission Street.
Above Sixth. ¦ ¦ : San Francisco.
In our NEW DEPART-
MENT of $3.50 shoes for men ,
and women we have only "truth- * kbJglMl&w -
telling shoes." Once on, once IsaSlSfiB?
worn, the "fitting truth" is told. iSBRPvnn**
truthful business has placed .us '^BEJmilL
where we are — the largest
most responsible shoe firm on the
coast. Folks out of town should llsflHB^lla
£/^![jJ\%,*~~- Sixth and
i/lil \lvv 'Market.
I A FULL SET OF TEETH
H&le'a.