The San Francisco Call
MINISTER LOOMIS AND AUXILIARY CRUISER UPON WHICH HE
WILL DEPART FROM LA GUAYRA SUNDAY. HIS DETECTION OF
PRESIDENT CASTRO IN DUPLICITY CAUSED UNPLEASANTNESS.
NAVAL GUNS EXHIBIT
A .TREMENDOUS ENERGY
Tests at Indian Head Show That the
New Pieces Are of Exceptional
. . Character.
WASPIINGTON, April 5.— The (first of
the new type of five-inch naval guns, de
signed for cruisers of the Denver class;
was tested at the Indian Head proving
grounds to-day with satisfactory results.
A projectile weighing, sixty pounds was
-fifed 1 with'a powder charge of twenty-six
pounds. The muzzle velocity reached the
exceptionally high figure ', of 2930 feet -per
second, showing a muzzle i energy of 3721
foot tons. This is 65 per cent more muz
zle energy than guns of the same [ type
have niade heretofore.' It is sufficient" to
pierce seven inches of Krup"p armorat the
muzzle and five inches of ¦ Krupp armor at
2000 yards. ..>:';
in the presence of his companions.
lieutenant Carmona graduated at the
Government military- academy ' at Cha
pultepec four years ago. He was a leader
In society in the City of. Mexico during
his residence in that city.
DYNAMITE TO BE USED
ON COLLIER MERRIMAC
'NEW 'YORK. April 5.— A Journal spe
cial from Santiago de Cuba says: ' The
wreck of the collier Merrimac, which was
sunk at the entrance to the -harbor by
Lieutenant R. P. Hobson and his little
band of heroes, during the Schley-Sanip
son blockade," will be blown up with dyna
mite to-morrow.
Although Admiral Sampson . figured out
that the sinking of the Merrimac would
keep the Spanish fleet , in the harbor,- It
proved Only a slight hindrance to naviga
tion." .
ALLIGATOR DEVOURS
MEXICAN LIEUTENANT
Terrible Fate of a Popular Young
Officer Whils Bathing in the
Tamesin River.
MONTEREY, Mcx.. April 5.— The mill-
tary authorities i. .o have Just received
confirmation of the report that Lieuten
ant Jose Carmona, a popular young of
ficer of the Mexican army, was devoured
by en alligator while bathing in the
Tair.esin River near Tamplco.
Lieutenant Carmona was a member of
the Department of Engineers, and had
been stationed at Tampico for some time
past. He and a number of other army
officers were enjoying a plunge In the
Tamesin River when a large alligator, was
seen making for Lieutenant Carmona. He
was given warning and made a desperate
•ffort to escape, but. the alligator overtook
¦ ttlm and the young officer was devoured 1
Indianapolis Lawyers Petition ths
Courts to Set the Style for the
Torrid Season'-*'
INDIANAPOLIS, April 5.-At a meetlngr
WANT THEIR JUDGES
TO WEAR SHIRT WAISTS
of the executive committee of the Indian
apolis Bar Association a resolution was
Introduced and adopted after some dis
cussion asking the Judges of the Superior
and Circuit Courts to wear shirt waists
after May 1.
The reason assigned for this action Is
that the trial of cases during the heated
term Is attended with great Inconvenience
because of the' heat, and that If the
Judges would consent to wear shirt waist3
the attorneys would generally conform to
the custom an-J there woufd be no neces
sity for lawyers pulling off their coats
and collars.' as Is so frequently the case,
when trying causes In the hot months.
Judge Allen said' to-day that It was prob
able the," Judges would conform to the
resolution, and: if so an effort would be
made to have all Judges wear the sama
colors when on the bench.
¦¦¦*.¦> ¦ • .
THROW THE NEIGHBOR
; INTO A BLAZING HOUSE
Suspicion That a Man Set Fire to His
"* : Home Stirs the Indig^nation
of Others.
VIENNA".- April 5.— At Zerkowltz. Mon-
itA'ia,' Jonan Cassel. falsely accused of set
ting fire to his owa house, was seized by
angry "neighbors, whoso /houses were en
dangered, and thrown into the flames. Ha
only escaped « after betas shockingly
burned . and .. after a desperate struggle.
Twenty arrests '. have b«en made.
:--• <¦¦ : :¦•¦
* St ' -^P ril 5.— General
rasr^B' ,-5^wiay, former Minister to Rus
. fia, 1 ' ; -j-wccentrlcities have made him
a tu fi| -.^¦haractcr after his mind had
faile- 9 iHrmorning shot at the Sheriff
Rnd i^^^uticr. who Tvcre attempting to
t'rrve j^^rit on him.
General Clay is now in his ninety-second
year. It was thought that he scarcely
had the strength to be dangerous. He
' set this Idea at rest to-day by discharing
ecveral repeating shotguns at Sheriff
Colyer of Madison County and his posse
of deputies.
Mrs. Mary B. Clay, daughter of General
Clay, has been acting as his Housekeeper
since the time he was deserted by his
thild wife, Dora Richardson. - General
Clay is still in love with the girl and is
possessed of the idea tfcat he must leave
h^r all he owns." ' -¦-. ;« f ' '
The fact that Dora obtained a divorce
Officers Who Go to Whitehall to Get Furniture Are Compelled to
Retreat From Fusillades Fired by the General.
MUST FIGHT TRUSTS
BY FREE TRADE POLICY
This Method, in the Opinion of an
English Paper, Is the Only
One Open.
LONDON, April 6.— The. Daily Mail in
the course of an extended article on the
American* steel ; trust says it can Bee no
escape for, the United States 5 from the op
pression of trusts except in free* trade,
and declares that J.' Pierpont Morgan has
appropriated $200,000,000' to crush American
independent concerns. \" ' .
"The operations of. the trust," says the
Dally Mail, "may induce general- tariff
legislation , by Europe, " and - will certainly
consolidate the British, steel and - Iron
trades, which, will give- the American
trust a hard fight here.".. I.*':
SULTAN IS GRATEFUL
• ESCAPE FBOM PERIL
In a Communication to the Kaiser He
Tells How an Earthquake •
v Affected Him. ¦ .
. CONSTANTINOPLE, April 6.— The Sul
tan of Turkey., replying, to Emperor Wil
liam's telegram * of congratulations upon
his "escape : "from' harm iduringT. the
recent earthquake .in Constantinople,^
thanks' the -Kaiser for.: his cordial : senti
mentsand adds: "My'attitude at the time
of the earthquake was.the result of a feel
ing of ' constant submission to the'diyine
will./and I thank- the iAlmIghty,\whoJs
watching ; over my persdn and subjects
and* 1 who. preserved them from peril.*: } I
sh'all " pray.' God . ever to' spare' humanity
such calamities." ' • ¦..-.; "L'V- S
Governmeiit Collier. Ashore.
ii NEWPORT ,r NEWS, ; .Va.Tj April i 5.— The
•United . States :G coliler 'Alexander \ went
font ¦: Fort i Monroe \. this v r afternoon'
\ while f a bout ;: to' drop * anchor.'.:' The^ vessel'
is '. uninjured and* will* probably " be "floated
at high tide. ¦- -
Mrs. Clay fled and returned to Ricli
mond, where she went to the Courthouse.
A writ of delivery was issued for the fur
niture she had at Whitehall. Sheriff
Colycr attempted to serve the paper.
When he knocked at . the door General
Clay appeared, armed with a revolver.
"Get out of this place," he shouteu.
and married a laboring man, Rlley Brock,
seems to have made no difference to his
feelings. He talked of the matter con-:
stantly and finally told his daughter that
she must go out and get the other rela
tives to relinquish all claims to his prop
erty. She went away for a short time
and attempted to return home. He met
her at the door on her return with his re
volver in his hand. He ' pointed the
weapon at her and said:
"If you don't leave this place at once' I
will kill you."
flourishing the weapon.
Argument was useless and the- Sheriff
started to retreat. . General Clay stepped
back in the hall and seized a repeatii.g
shotgun, with which he opened fire.
. Two laborers, who were General Clay's
guard at the house, loaded other shotguns
for him and ho discharged them, at the
Sheriff and his deputies. v
The officers " took refuge behind a huge
trees in the yard, and finally by a hur
ried fusillade. Intended only to frighten
him, forced General Clay into the house.
They lingered in the vicinity for several
hours and were rewarded by the capture
of one of the laborers, whom the general,
in a moment of suspicious anger, had
driven from the house. This laborer de
clares that he left Gerreral Clay pacing
the floor like a caged anjmal, armed with
bowie knives and revolvers, and that the
general is' wounded. .' . '
WITHIN a week or so arrange
ments! will ' be completed- for
the formation of a great com
• bination of ? the -Alaska trad
, v ing and transportation com
panies. Many millions of capital will be
combined and great' -Interests, that now
are scattered, and; to- some extent an^
tagonistic, will be. centered in San
Francisco. The companies In the deal,
which bids fair to be completed soon,
are the Alaska Kxploratlon' Company,
the Alaska Commercial. Company and the
North American Trading and Transpor
tailon Company. Tho3e three compan
ies arc heavily capitalized. The Alaska
Exploration' Company., has a capital
stock amounting to 51,000,000. the Alaska
Commercial • Company.' is capitalized ¦ at
$2,000,000 and the North American Trading
and Transportation Company, has a capi
talization of $3,000,000. : Whether the Ames
Mercantile Company of this city will be a
party to the combine also doe3 not seem
to have been determined. The capitaliza
tion of this company is $200,000.' »
, When the deal is finally .consummated
the corporation representing the combined
Interests will be known as the Yukon Mer
cantile Company. That is. the name un
der consideration and it has met with ap
proval. The. transaction. has '; a wide in
terest. While three of the companies, are
located In San Francisco, their stocks are
held abroad to some.' extent'and the bus! 4
ness in which they are concerned has in
ternational ¦; importance. ": The deal will
give the projected corporation control of
the traffic of a" vast 'and wealthy region
for , an period. . It is said by
those, most concerned that San , Francisco
will be greatly benefited. This city. will b?
made the supply,. point; and very largely
the point of departure for the vessels of
the fleet. . : •
The business for the .Yukon country and
for the gold camps generally
yield a big revenue to 'this city. As busi
ness increases,- which .is. inevitable, 'the
shipping K of the • company^ will have to be
increased, as the volume of supplies to be
moved will naturally be continually grow
ing. '. : ' "• . * ' - ¦¦'• ' ' ,':
':'-..* Deal' Is : Secrstly, Conducted.
The negotiations, have -been .carried* -on
as secretly f_, asi ; possible and • have . been
actually fruitful "of but one" large result up
to the "present time. That consists' in the
agreement that has been made to regulate
the transportation .on' the -Yukon River."
/There will be. no: morel cut \ rates. - f This
was . considered one of .the : essential pro
visions necessary- to be made 'at. once. : in
v'-w - of the coming season. ' There "is a
complete understanding iii this, regard. ¦'¦ '¦'',
;"! Rate-cutting and the need of better 'ar
rangements t for- the ' general welfare led
up to the making of the combination 'that
now is riearinsr completion. Each com
pany had to watch every other company
for the preservation of its business and
the war has been on for some seasons.
Hereafter, so say some; of the insiders,
the new corporation will be enabled to de
vota* its attention to tho development and
upbuilding of the trade of Alaska and the
Yukon country generally, which hereto
fore it ha3 been impossible to do under
the antagonistic conditions that have ob
tained.
i Some idea of the- magnitude of the busi
ness of theso big trading and transporta
tion companies may be obtained from a
study of the various localities In which
they now have branches for the further
ance of the trade with the northern coun
try. The largest number of branches that
any company has may be credited to the
Alaska Commercial Company, which has
been doing business. In the North much
longer than any of its associates. . having.
In fact, exploited much of the country be r
fore the other companies came into exist
ence.. Lewis Gerstle is the president of
the company and Louis Sloss Jr. is the
general manager. The directors ; are
Louis *¦ Sloss, Gustav Niebaum, ~ Lewis
Gerstle, Louis Sloss Jr. of this city and
C. A. Williams of Connecticut. . The com
pany has branches at Kodlak, Hope City,
Unalaska, Forty Mile, Orca, Unga. Turn
Again Arm and Rampart City In Alaska
and also at Dawson City and Sunrise City.
Company Headed by Cudahy.
The North American . Trading and
Transportation Company has also many
branches. This is a Chicago corporation
and is headed by Michael Cudahy as pres
ident. With him are associated other
well-known Chicago business men. W. II,
Isom is*.- vice president and Robert B.
Snowdon secretary and treasurer. The
board of directors liberally represents the
Cudahy ar.d Ware families. Of the Cud
ahys on tha board there are Michael and
John, of the Ware family EH E.'. Charles
and Portus B. Ware; also John J.'IIealcy,
and W. .11. Isom. Originally the company
had a ' capital of ; only $1,000,000. . but this
was 'multiplied 'five-fold in December. 1?».
owing to the Increase of the corporation's
interests In the north. This company has
branches' at" Seattle. Rampart City." Ham
ilton, Fort Yukon," Circle City, Eagle City,
Ware. "Fort Cudahy, Dawson St.
Michael and Nome.
Isaac Llebes is the president of the Alas
ka Exploration Company. Daniel Meyer,
the banker, is the treasurer. The board
of 'directors. also! Includes Lewis A. Phil
lips.' M.-H.de' Young, Henry .T.'Fortmann
and Daniel iV- Kelly. The company has a
branch at'Rampart City.. s . •
;* .The : Ames ' Mercantile r Company, which
may be a party, to" the deal.- does business
in Sari Francisco and Dawson: City: This
is not a transportation but a trading com
pany, with a. large developed trade In tha
Northwest. . .
Fine Outlook for Money-Making.
Considering- that the outputsbf gold of
the Klondike country alone was 113,000,000
"in round figures last year and "that Alaska
is incalculably rich in gold, copper ami
coa*. it viii at once appear that the new
corporation will practically control tho
business ; of a great section, which will
largely increase from year to year, unless
all signs fail. The importance of the ne
gotiations caused Michael Cudahy to Jour
ney from Chicago to San Francisco, when*
he has been in consultation with the other
principal parties concerned in controlling
tho trade. 3* - .
From the fir.it publicity has been avoid
ed as much as possible. -In addition tt»
the war of rates between traders, which,
has tended to disturb the even course of
the business in Alaska, there have been
other matters that, have led up to tho
present condition of affairs. Lighterage
at Nome and strikes have brought the
companies nearer together. The present
season, under the arrangements already
made for the management of tuc trans
portation business of the Yukon, will bo
much more profitable than in previous
years.
It wa3 said last night that when all the
matters connected with the pending deal
are completed a written statement will
be given out to the press for the further
enlightenment of the public.
PRINCIPALS IN PENDING DEAL
FOR THE CONSOLIDATION OP
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
/f^^ AN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, April
(W^ 5.— The squadron of United States
warships under the command of
Rear Admiral Farquhar Is at Cule
-• bra Island, about twenty miles.,
ssutlrof this island. £nd apparently, pre
pared to. stay there for some time. The
Vnited State? auxiliary cruiser Scorpion is
expected hero from La Guayara about
.<\pril 10 with United States Minister
loomis on board.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The State De
partment has been informed by Minister
Loomis that he will sail from La Guay
ara on the Scorpion Sunday. This should
bring him at San Juan about Wednes
day following and at Hampton Roads
about the ISth inst., if he makes close con
nection at San Juan. Copies of the brief
prepared by the . Warner-Qulnlan Syndi
cate as the basis for their proceedings
in the High Court of Venezuela against
the New York and Bermudese Asphalt
Company have been received here. The
ttriof is substantially the same as that
laid before the State Department by ex-
S^nator Hiscock of counsel for the War
nrr-Quinlan Syndicate. It was submitted
an March Zl and the expectation was that
the court ¦will issue the necessary cita
tions to secure the appearance of the New
York and Brrmudcse Company within a
few days following.
PARIS, April 5.— Scnor de Castro, spe-
AGED CASSIUS M. CLAY OF KENTUCKY
PROVES THAT HE IS STILL HANDY WITH A GUN
cial envoy of the Venezuelan Government,
left Paris to-night after having.drawn up
with M. Delcasse, Ministerof Foreign Af-
fairs, a protocol, which has been approved
by t the French. Government, and which
will serve as a basis for tne resumption of
diplomatic relations between France and
Venezuela.
. ; #¦ - • ¦ ; ¦ . • ••¦-.-.
American Ships of War Are Apparently Placed in Readi
ness in Case the Recall of Minister Loomis Should Re
sult in Unpleasantness With the Castro Government
?-.:¦'"¦
Special Dispatch to -The ~ Call.
CALL - BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, jj N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 5.— Formidable
opposition has -developed to an order of
the War Department j about to be put In
effect' abolishing permanently . the array
transport station in New York City.". The
change that will go Jnto effect.'- unless
these interests succeed in their present
effort of antagonism, will concentrate the
transport business with the Philippines
at San Francisco and turn the Cuban busi
ness over to private lines. . . . .
It is boldly charged by business men
and representative citizens; who are now
engaged in laying the case before . Presi
dent McKinley, Secretary Root and Gen
eral Ludington, ' quartermaster general,
that this move is against economy arid in
the interests of private steamship line'3
plying between: the. United States and
Cuba, ¦ . ¦ '"•" ¦¦/' ¦ - .;
Incidentally it is claimed that Pacific
railroads will profit by .the chansre at the
expense of the Government, because all
supplies sent from the East and all troop3
transported will have to make a long
journey by rail across the continent. The
influence of the Cuban steamship lines,
and especially ¦. the "New York and .Cuban
Steamship Company, represented by R.
A. 1 C. Smith, is claimed to be the chief
factor in persuading Secretary Root to
wipe out New York: City as a transport
city. .' ¦ - " ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦ ' ¦••' - ' : ; ¦- '•
Plea for. Present System.
Former Mayor Schierin of Brooklyn,
Willis I. Ogden, "Ludwick Nisser and' a
number of other '"prominent business men
are ' working upi sentiment . agaiiist . th3
change, contending that It, is against pub
lic policy- and.* shipping.. Interests'- 5 *?? , .New;-
York. ••¦-•-. - - v^-f/^r ';- "¦-¦-•¦]¦ .^f /^~ iw : :;vi^--;
s ¦The.contentidn.thatthe'abandc'nmcnt of
army transports in the" ; Cuban "service"
would enrich private steamship lines at
the expense of the Government is shown
by some figures that have Jaeen procured
from the quartermaster general's depart
ment. It • is ¦ shown that the transport
Crook made a trip to San Juan at a cost
to the .Government of $9561' 39. The cost
to the Government" if the same business
had been' given to a private line would
have been $19,507. The cost of a round trip
by an army transport between San Juan
and New York was $14,062. The cost of the
same service. by a regular line would have
been $26,419. . .
What the Government Saves.
V Again it is shown that the saving to the
Government by maintaining its own trans
port service with theWest Indies, instead
of giving the business to -a-' regular line,
from 1S98 to June 16, 1900, was $9,087,153.
This, it is pointed out. is the stake that
the private steamship Hues' are endeavor
ing to win by inducing Secretary Root to
abandon the transport station in New
York. There are three lines : engaged in
the Cuban trade. These are the Ward
ljne, ¦ or ' New York Steamship Company,
which is maintaining sixteen vessels, eight
of which are foreign; the Munson line, all
of"" whose ships are foreign; and FuncX
Edyc & Co., all of whose liners are for
eign.
.It is understood that «\ delegation will
go' to Washington- to bring all of these
facts to the attention of the War Depart
ment and endeavor to have thetransporc
service continued to Cuba as wellas with
Manila by way of the Suez canal. .,
Proposed Change Alleged to
Favor Trivate Steam
sMp Lines to Cuba.*
PightiELg to Retain
ttleNei York
Station. «
MERCHANTS
PLEAD FOR
TRANSPORTS
ADMIRAL FARQUHAR'S SQUADRON
IS PREPARED TO REMAIN WITHIN
STRIKING DISTANCE OF VENEZUELA
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
san Francisco, Saturday; APRIL- g, 1901.
VOLUME- LXXXIX-NO. 127.
Deal May; Be Consummated Within the Next Few Days by
'\yhich the: Vast Traffic of the Yukon and Alaska Will
Be Controlled by an Enormously Capitalized Syndicate
TRANSPORTATION AND TRADING
COMPANIES ABOUT TO COMBINE
IN ONE GREAT CORPORATIONNone can foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between foreign powers over the : division of
Ctlna. It Is Interesting to watch the going
to plec*9 of this ancient but unprogressive race
Many people in -America are also going to
l ieces because - of . dyspepsia, constipation
blood, liver and ..stomach diseases. We are
living to fast, •. but - strength, vigor and - good
health can (be retained if we keep off and cure
the above > diseases • with . Hostetter's^ Stomach
Elttera.'fiflHSn&f l SiRK&^ ' '"-
Wnat Will Become of China?
SANTA BARBARA. April 5.— Jose Ma
ria Hill, the oldest native son In this city,
drooped dead this afternoon . at his resi
dence. He was 70 years old. At one time
he : owned several ranches - and a larga
number of cattle. ; '
Jose Maria Hill.
NEW YORK, -April 5 —Colonel Robert
Wallace is dead in Jersey City, aged SO
years. He served" as a captain in the
United States army in the Mexican war,
was a: colonel. of a Western regiment in
the Union army in the Civil War and
after the war lived for many years ln the
State of "Washington. • ¦
Colonel Robert Wallace.
SACRAMENTO. April 5.— There was a
light sprinkle of rain to-night. . The sky
Is clouded and the Indications . are that
more rain will fall before morning. While
rain Is not a necessity in this vicinity,
a. good shower would considerably ben
efit the uplands, though it probably
would injure strawberries, which are now
being harvested.
Hainfall Is Expected.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— At the meet-
Ing of the Cabinet to-day the major por
tion of -the time was consumed In a dis
cussion of the civil service in the various
departments. This matter came up apro
pos of the President's conference with
members of the Civil Service Reform
League yesterday. Each of the Cabinet
officers gave hi« experience with the law.
1 The Secretary of the Treasury said that
the law gave satisfaction In his depart
ment, and that it was strictly complied
with, although some difficulty was ex
perienced on account of the fact that un
der the law officers secured for one posi
tion could not perform duties of another
position. The trouble in the Agricultural
Department Is that there are no eligibles
for. technical work on the Civil Service
Commission's list.
Secretary Root reported that It was the
intention of the War Department to place
semi-skilled . laborers at arsenals and in
the engineer department under a regis
tration system similar to that now ln
vogue in the navy yards. This was the
original intention when the President took
these men, of whom there "are several
thousand, from within, the civil service
rules, where they had been placed by the
blanket order of President Cleveland, but
the inauguration of the new'sjatem has
been delayed from one cause or another
until the present time.
In the other departments various sug
gestions were made locking to the better
enforcement of • the spirit and letter of
the law. and ¦ each Cabinet officer will be
expected to see that the law is not abused
in his department. No new regulations
or orders by the commission are expected.
Department Chiefs Advise
Attention to Civil
Service Laws.
OFFICIALS URGE
MORE VIGILANCE
WASHINGTON, April 5.-When the
Cabinet met at 11 o'clock . this morning
President McKlnley announced to' the
member* that Philander C. Knox of Pitts
burg had accepted t^e Attorney General
sh'ip. which was offered him last week.
Knox Announces Acceptance.
DETROIT, Mich.. April 5.— One^of the
two large plants of the American Radiator
Company, at the junction of the Belt Lina
Railway, on Joseph Campau avenue, was
almost destroyed by fire which started
Fhortly after 10 o'clock tb-night. After
the fire had burned about two hours three
large buildings were in ruins, the ware
house, the pattern shop and the machine
Bhop. Frederick W. Hodges, manager of
the company, estimates the loss at $150,000
and says it Is fully covered by Insurance.
Disastrous Fire at Datroit.
The report says that during the i»riod
covered there were $22,219 worth of money
orders Issued, but only two paid, these
aggregating $145. Stamp sales aggregated
$2£>9, mostly at Peking. All registered
roaiter to and from the United States
forces In China is received, recorded or
dispatched by the Tientsin station. Of
the registered mails so dispatched 547
were first class and 3425 fourth class. The
large amount of fourth class matter Indi
cates the liberal manner in which the
American soldiers took advantage of the
special rates for sending gilts and sou
venirs to their . families in the United
States. The total amount of all mail re
ceived at Tientsin was 102,048 and dis
patched 169.2)52. Only 130 letters had to be
sent to the dead letter office.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Some extent
of cur postal operations ln China is given
In the fir^ formal report, which has just
reached here, from Superintendent Rob
inson of the United States Military Postal
Service in China. It covers the period be
tween September 18 and December 1, 1900.
Beport From China Tells How Care
fully Troops Are Served by the
Postoffics Department.
LETTEUS TO SOLDIEBS
ARE SELDOM LOST
Navy Department Awards
Another Contract to
Union Iron Works.
CRUISER GIVES
TO THE COAST
WASHINGTON. April 5.— The Navy De
partment has decided to award the con
tract for the construction of the protected
cruiser Milwaukee to the Union- Iron
Works at San Francisco.
¦ When the bids were received yesterday
they were referred by Secretary Long to
the -Board of Construction. The board
went over the subject to-day and then
submitted a written report t& Secretary
Long. This re»ort points "out that tho
Pacific Coast has received- only one out
of eight .vessels, when it was the evident
purpose of Congress that at least two «f
the vessels should go there in case tho.
price was not excessive.
In the present case the bid of the Union
Iron Works is $2,825,000, which. the board
points out Is considerably less than 4 per
cent above the contract price on similar
ships built in the East. The law allows
4 per cent additional on ships built on the
Pacific Coast. •
A woman begins to be an old maid when
she begins to be afraid she Is going to be
one. VfRfik
•PETALUMA, April 5.— Cal Carpenter, a
chicken '„¦ rancher, ' who '• lives - two - mile««
westSof, this -city, lost - 2S0 ¦ six-weeks-old
chickens, . a large "brooder and brooder-'
hduse-.by fire last night.. The .total !lpss
is; estimated at $110. -The fire is supposed
to have been; caused by a lamp- explosion."
¦ GRASS VALLEY, April' 5.— Thirty, stu :
dents I of | the ( State : University, who . have
been inspecting mines in Nevada CitV, ar
rived -here; to-day to study 'mining 'In its
advanced stage in this city. After spend
ing several days here they will return to
Berkeley.**. ¦ ¦ \ '• ."
¦¦•..'.¦¦..¦. ¦ . ..-•.' • ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦" ¦•¦
Loses Chickens and Houses.
Students -Inspect Mines.
BAKERSFIELD,' April 5.— Fred Hack
ett, the six-year-old son of Mrs. W. Hack
ett.' was run over to-day by a wagon laden
with i hay ' and ¦> sustained - injuries which
probably .will result "fatally.' His -chest
was-crushed. The boy attempted to climb
upon the brake of a trail wagon and fell
under the wheels. -
Crushed Under Wagon Wheels.
SHARON, Pa., April . 5.— The -Unitei
States Steel Corporation has purchased
the Fannie blast furnaco at West Middle
sex from' E. A. Wheeler of Sharon and
Lloyd Reed of Erie. • The > plant is now
idle, but will be put in blast immediately.
The Morgan syndicate is also negotiating
for the purchase of ather merchant fur
naces in the Shenango Valley.
BUTTE,' Mont. 1, Aprir 5.—The most .dis
astrous nre in the history of Northern
Montana j occurred - yesterday morning at
Augusta, a prosperous lfttle town fifty
miles west of Great Falis. The total loss
Is estimated at 175,000 and the burned dis
trict includes almost the entire business
portion of the town. . '
- The fire broke out in the store of J. C.
Adams &¦ Co., and In a few minutes had
gained such headway that it was impos
sible to check it, the tov/n having no nre
apparatus. Every building on what is
known as the south side of "the slough"
was quickly burned, most of. the contents
being destroyed. The insurance is about
$35,000.- ' ¦ ¦ - ¦ ;
,-. . . . • .' ¦ m ,
:
Furnace for the Steel Trust.
gusta. Wiped Out in "Spite of
of Citizens. ;
Business District of Prosperous Au-
FLAMES .IN MONTANA "~
. CAUSE A LARGE LOSS
: WASHINGTON, April 5.— TheNavy De
partment this morning received | the fol
lowing cablegram from Admiral Remey
at Cavite: ; I - ¦' . ." " •
"Goodrell, at Olongapo, on the 4th, con
cluded the surrender of insurgents ln the
country from Iba to Morong."
The territory .referred to in Admiral
Remey's dispatch is a stretch of land fifty
miles long from Morong, just below S.u-
From Iba to Morong.
Surrender of - Insurgents in Country
partment has received a copy of a-regu
lation to carry into effect. an act of the
Philippine Commission amending . a sec
tion of the. provisional customs regula
tions, which is of interest in view of the
recently reported frauds in the commis
sary department in the islands. It shows
the precautions ordered to be taken to
guard against any misappropriation of
Government supplies. These regulations
provide. briefly that where supplies for the
army or navy in the Philippines come in
effect on other than Government vessels
they shall be accompanied by a certificate
from the chief of the department charged
with their custody certifying that the
goods. are exclusively for the army or the
navy or the Insular government and that
no other disposition of them will be per
mitted. The regulations also set forth
that prompt notice .must be given the
collector ' of customs for the islands in
case of the non-£tccer>tance of any con
signment of goods or cancellation of sale.
Goods purchased in the Philippines after
importation must be accompanied by an
affidavit oft the seller affirming that an
absolute sale-has been made by him and
that he "retains no interest of any kind or
character in such goods."
TROUBLESOME PLACE PACIFIED.
OMAHA, Neb. , April 5.— Ernest J. Wol
ters, who was recently into custody
by the ' Federal " authorities -charged : with
using the mails to defraud. in an* alleged
attempt to blackmail United States Sen
ator Kearns, was to-day indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury. \ --.--: ¦/¦¦¦¦ ¦-¦ :
Federal Jury Indicts
LONDON. April 6.— "It seems that the
question of the sale of the Danish. West
Indies has reached a serious point," saya
the Copenhagen correspondent ': of the
Daily Mall. "Washington 1 is ¦ understood
to. be Inclined to take umbrage at Den
mark's hesitation to accept the American
offer. The attitude of ; the United States
has become almost menacing. > but t Den
mark has the moral support of the Euro
pean powers." •¦ : _¦•"¦'"'
Fear Uncle Sam Is Angry.
NEW. YORK, April 5 —Philip J. Dwyer,
president of the Brooklyn Jockey Club,
has sold his five two-vear-old colts to F.
G. McLewee for $35,000. The names -and
pedigrees of the colts are: Luck and Char
lty, by Hanover-Bonita Belle; Major Dan
gerfield, by Handspring-Mondroit;' Hori
zontal, by Handspring-Intermission; Hir.
dred by Hanover-Mildred: Empire, by St.
Carlo-Plcque II. This iale is believed by
some to be the forerunner of Mr. Dwyer'a
retirement as a horse owner. : The sale
leaves him with only five young horsc-3
In his barn.
Dwyer's Colts Sold.
NEW YORK, April 5.— The steamship
Rheln, which arrived here to-day from
Bremen, broke the record as a passenger
carrier. Besides her crew, which num
bered over 400, she had 2502 passengers.
Of the latter but fifty-three came ln the
cabin. . The 2449 steerage passengers were
landed at Ellis Island and, although^ the
officials there were busy with a thousand
passengers brought here by other ships,
those from the Rhein were passed'before
the immigrant depot closed for the day.
The highest number of passengers* of
the third class which had previously ar
rived at this port in a single steamship
was 2200.' V •
Persons. Arrive From Bremen
on the Vessel. . . ,
STEAMER RHEIN BREAKS
THE PASSENGER RECORD
More Than Twenty-Five Hundred
Government Supplies.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The War De-
Precautions Against the Theft of
CHECK PLACED ON FRAUD.
"'Mr. Long,' said Corbin, 'I am mak
ing lieutenants out. of better stuff than
Funston every day. Funston is a boss
scout— that's all.'
" 'We want him made a brigadier gen
eral,' I insisted.
" 'Mr. Long,' said Corbin, 'the army has
become a great school; we want teachers
for brigadier generals; we want men who
can teach and not those who t can be
taught.'
"'But the President may want to ap
point him,' I said. - -
" 'The President can do so, of course,'
said General Corbin. But it was plain to
be seen," added Long, "that the President
would never do it on the recommendation
of General Corbin."
"When I read of General Funston's
heroic deed," says Long, "I went straight
to General Corbin's office and said, 'Well,
general, you see what Funston has done?"
" 'I have seen It,' replied Corbin, not too
pleasantly,
" tWell,' I said, 'don't you think that
you ought to make Funston a brigadier
general In the regulars?'
" 'No,' said Corbin. 'He has done noth
ing to warrant that.'
" 'But,' I insisted, 'it seems to me that
he has done a very daring thing; that he
has almost concluded the war.' |
WICHITA, Kans., April 5.— The Eagle
to-morrow will publish an extended inter
view with Congressman Chester I. I-ong
of Kansas relative to the appointment of
Frederick Funston 'to a brigadier . gen
eralship in the regular army. Long has
verified the interview for the Associated
Press. , , '
, SAN RAFAEL, April 5.— While Mr. and
Mrs. H.* Cohn were driving through Ross
Valley to-day their,- horse ? shied . and f the
buggy was capsized. ¦ Both ; occupants .were
thrown to the ground, r Mr. • Cohn was un
hurt," but his ' wife : was ; seriously ' bruised.'
Thrown ; From'.- Their, Buggy.
GRASS VALLEY, Aoril 5.-A cave-in
shortly before noon at the ¦ Gold Blossom
mine caught Superintendent Richard Jef
frey and covered him with'a mass of rocks
and earth .weighing 500 pounds. When he
was i rescued 'his left leg " below the ' knee
was ' broken and " badly . shattered, t > He Is
ln a precarious condition. .•
Mine Superintendent Injured.
r LOS ANGELES, April 5.— Samuel ¦ Mar
tinez, a Mexican railroad laborer, was ac
quitted, of .the charge of -murder In Judge
Smith's court . to-day. v He ; was '¦ accused
of ¦ the , killing of Clito Alvar&do, a ! fellow
laborer, at Saugus on the morning of Jan
uary L • » ¦ . • • .
Martinez Found /Not '. Guilty.
Hears About Alleged Discrimina-
tion in ' Freight Rates.
LUMBER DEALERS MAKE
A VIGOROUS PROTEST
Interstate Commerce . Commission
WASHINGTON. April, 5.— Lieutenant
Colonel Heisiand of the adjutant gen
eral's corps, has .'forwarded to the Sec
retary of War his reply to the charges
made by Major Hawkes with regard to
his 'connection with the organization of a
hemp company in Manila. The charges
will not be made public, but will be-for
warded to the committee on military af
fairs of the Senate, which has the mat
ter under investigation.. .The Secretary
will not take the matter up for consid
eration because of the pending Investiga
tion. Colonel Heisiand has- been ordered
to report in Washington for the purpose
of appearing before the commission. He
is expected to arrive in this country
about the middle of next month, when
the Investigation will proceed. ,
Mad9 by Hawkes.
Colonel Replies to the Allegations
big Bay, to Iba, a point nearly forty miles
up the coast to Zambeles Province, -a por
tion of country which has caused no end
of trouble to the American forces. Gen
eral Greely said to-day that the^ Signal
Corps had at least a dozen sharp fights
in this vicinity while endeavoring to main
tain open telegraphic communication ¦with
Manila. The insurgents finally became so
aggressive that .General Greely decided
to have a cable laid from Olongapo, in
Subig Bay, which is the site selected for
the new naval station In the Philippines,
to connect with Manila; on account of the
difficulty in maintaining telegraphic com
munication. The laying of the cable Is
now in progress. Lieutenant Goodrell, U.
S. M. C, has been in charge of the ma
rines at Olongapo. The news that this
troublesome portion of Luzon has been
pacified is hailed with satisfaction by War
Department^ officials.
CHARGES AGAINST HEISLAND.
Ordered to Report To-Day.
WOODLAND, April 5.-Membera of the
Woodland Club ln the Northern California
League have -been* ordered- to report for
practice ooAoril 6. ¦-
WASHINGTON, April 6.— The Secretary
cf War has amended the army regulations
so as fo provide that:
A civilian not in Government employ, duly
summoned to appear as a witness before a
military court, will receive Jl 50 per day for
each day actually in attendance upon the
court and 5 cents a mile for - going: from his
place of residence to the place of trial or hear
ing and 5 cents a mile for returning; but in
Wyoming, Montana, Washington, Oregon, Cali
fornia, Utah, New. Mexico, Arizona and Porto
Rico he will be paid 15 cents for each mile
necessary to travel over any stage line or
private conveyance, and in Porto Rico 10 cents
for each mile over any railway ln such travel.
Sheet Steel Is in Demand.
•PITTSBURG, April 5.— The - American
Sheet Steel Company ha.s> Issued orders to
put in operation four sheet mills and two
steel bar mills at the Falcon plant, Niles
Ohio, which have been idle for a year.
The demand for sheet steel has becomo
so '¦¦ large recently that the trust canno"
meet It and this is the cause of tha new
activity displayed. The plants that had
been partly abandoned will also be start
ed up. as soon as they can be made ready.
More Steel Interests Uniting.
DULUTH, Minn., April 5.— The Lake Su
perior Steel Corporation is negotiating for
the purchase of the mines, railways, ships
and mineral and timber lands of the
Cleveland Cliffs Iron Company. This is
the largest independent minlne . companv
in the Lake Superior region and the price
Is said to be between $8,000,000 and 19,000,
000. The Cleveland Cliffs Company ha«
given an option to the United States Steel
Corporation.
Civilians at Court-Martial.
Documents.
NEW YORK. Ap;-;i 5.— Surrogate Fitz
gerald several days ago issued an order
directing Cantwell & Moore, attorneys for
Patrick, to file with the Surrogate the al
leged assignment, dated February 17, 1900,
by Rice to Patrick of the former's estate;
also the assignment oi September 21, 1900,
of the stock on deposit with Wall street
bankers and letters of instruction .which
Patrick is said to have received from Mr
Rice. To-day Cantwell & Moore filed a
notice of appeal. . The hearing on this ap
plication may not be had for two or. three
months." - - ¦ .- • '¦'...
B. B. Rice, a nephew, and Captain
Baker, representing other heirs, offered a
motion to-day to instruct John P. O'Brien
temporary administrator of the Rice es
tate, to advance $250,000 for the purpose of
rebuilding the oil plant In Houston, Tex.,
destroyed by fire about two weeks before
Mr. Rice's death. Patrick filed objections
to-day through Cantwell & Moore, stating
that the proposition Is hazardous and
speculative and that 5f granted the estate
would sustain a serious and Irreparable
loss.
Appeal to Be Taken From the Orde:
Calling for Millionaire Rice's
PATRICK WILL TRY
TO HOLD THE PAPERS
South. . -
WASHINGTON, £pril 5.-President Mc-
Kinley took a long walk after breakfast
this morning, accompanied by Represen
tative Meyer of Louisiana, who had called
to talk with him about his visit at New
Orleans upon the occasion of his Western
trip. The President is looking forward to
the long tour through the West with
great pleasure and speaks of it with en
thusiasm.
General Meyer told the President that
the plans for his stay in New Orleans had
been practically completed. An elaborate
demonstration is being arranged. The
city will be decorated appropriately In
honor of the visit of the chief magistrate
According to the present schedule the
Presidential party will reach New Orleans
at 4:30 p. m., May 1. That evening a ban
quet will be given in the President
honor. At the banquet the President
probably will make a brief . speech.
On the following day there will be a
carriage ride through the city which will
include a stop at the Cabildo, the old
Government building during the Spanish
and French regimes. After luncheon the
party will be given a sail along the river
front. The departure from New Orleans
will be made at 6 p. m., May 2. >
President Is Advised of the Prepara.
idons Made for His Visit to the
2TEW ORLEANS READY
FOR BIG- CELEBRATION
Declares to a Kansas Congressman That the Captor of Aguinaldo
Is "a Boss Scout— That's All."
GENERAL FUNSTON'S PROMOTION IS STRONGLY
OPPOSED BY ADJUTANT GENERAL CORBIN
LONDON, April 6.— The Field, comment
ing upon the forthcoming races for the
America's cup, says:' ;
"The average British sportsman long
ago arrived at the conclusion that our
American cousins are one too many for
us at the "yacht game and most yachts
men refuse to accept the hardy annuals
offered as apologies for.successive defeats.
These excuses fail to account for the fact
i^l' a ' thou & h s'nee 1S51 some twenty-five
have been sailed, only twice havs
British yachts come in first."
rnVi/ t proceeds t0 Point out that Sham
rock I was an untried boat and that her
2? 8 *£ ne I' Mr V FIfe ' had nad no experience
Sli if £ 1 ?, r i can ?P tem of measurement,
and her builders, Messrs. Thorneycroft no
experience of yacht building. " c *" ullt no
"The chances of Shamrock II," it says.
nSJSi * U £ r> / ln « ce . Mn w atson has had
considerable designing experience and shs
will have a trial, and because her build
fnVJ^v,? 6 , 1511^; have iL ad lar^ e experience
rL y ?£ h V : bui , lding - The position of the
Ji° ns .t«ution Is much more advantageous
&1-,. 1 rr t sh -2 ff I ; having- had large expe
£L ce ln ," b °th designing and building."
_The Field concludes by wishins Sir
Thomas Lipton the best of good luck, add
"«? h . ainro £ k IX « however, will have to ac
quit herself, remarkably well in the trials
before we can feel sanguine of her
chances of securing the cup."
Field's Discouraging Com
ment on Coming Races
for the America's Cup. •
WISHES LIPTON
VERY GOOD LUCK
The Prussian Government has sent a
circular decree to all provincial authori
ties and to the municipality of Berlin re
garding measures which are recommended
to lessen the scarcity of dwellings
throughout J'russia. The decree advises
that commifies should erect at their own
risk cheap dwellings for employes, the
laboring population and persons of rela
tively small Incomes. It also urges elec
tric lines for quicker suburban communi
cation and mentions a number of legal
steps that would hinder excessive real es
tate speculation, in which it sees a very
great danger. Finally, It promises to
adopt a bill in the Prussian Diet dealing
with the whole matter.
The latest lists showing a scarcity of
dwellings accompany the circular. These
show that the worst conditions obtain In
the Rhein and Westphalian industrial dis
tricts and in Berlin, Breslau, Cologne.
Dortmund and Elberfund.
A Polish hymn book, in which the re
establishment of Poland and a call to
arms for that purpose are openly advocat
ed, has just- been condemned to confisca
tion by the District Court at Dortmund.
Thousands of copies have been four.!
among the Poles in the industrial districts
of West Prussia.
Baron von Egloffstein, who is a wealthy
man, will repair to his father's estate and
•will become a candidate for the Reichstag.
communication to the press of several re
cent versions of his Majesty's public ut
terances that are said to have been dis
torted.
BERLIN, April B. — Baron von Egloff
etein, hitherto Emperor William's Court
Marshal, has resigned his position and
•will be succeeded by Baron Trotha, the
Court Chamberlain. The former has been
granted a long leave of absence, during
which the succession will occur. He re
tires in ' disgrace because the Kaiser,
rightly or wrongly, attributes to him the
Count Marshal Von Egbff
stein Loses His Official
KAISER WROTH
AT THE BARON
A Cape Town special says: General
French continues to press the Boers at
Vreiheid, Transvaal Colony. The Boers
abandoned a pompom, which the British
found smashed at the bottom of a preci
pice.
Five corpses of victims of the bubonic
plague were found In Cape Town Thurs-
Kitchener also reports the finding of an
abandoned and destroyed pompom near
•Vreiheid, and says: "This accounts for all
the enemy's guns known to be In the
southern district."
A Johannesburg special says: Lord
Kitchener has personally * presented the
Red Cross medal to Mme. Ferrlers, heaH
of the French Ambulance Department, for
her services to the British, wounded.
According to the Pretoria correspondent
of the Daily Telegraph, the Boers have
shifted their seat of government from
Pietersburg to a point thirty-five miles
northeast-
"Colonel Plumer has advanced twenty
miles beyond Nylstroom, unopposed on
the way, toward Pietersburg."
LONDON. April 6.— Lord Kitchener re
porta as follows to the War Office: .
WASHINGTON. April «--The United
States Government has received a commu
nication from the Government of Russia
of unusual importance, bearing upon.con
dltions in China, and particularly those
relating to Manchuria. 1 The document, is
of such a character as to have produced
a profoundly favorable Impression, and at
the State Department it is looked upon
as the most salutary development that
has occurred tor many months in the
problems of the Kast. A3 to the ex »«
terms of the communication there Is no
official statement thus far, although later
it will doubtless be communicated to the
President. Secretary Hay received it from
the Russian Embassador. Count Casslni
last night, and took speedy steps to lay; it
before the President. The latter shared
the Secretary of State's gratification that
a way has been found to dispose ct the
complications ever the Manchurlan ques
tion and to bring Russia into strong ac
cord with the other powers. At the Rus
sian Embassy no information was obtain
able as to the communication. Count Las
sini asking to be excused from all in
quiries. " . ,
While there Is an entire absence oZ
authoritative Information, yet it Is under
stood that Russia now takes occasion to
give positive assurance of the disinterest
ed sentiments which have animated her
throughout the consideration of the Chi
nese questions. As to Manchuria, it is
made clear that Russia's course never has
varied In the purpose to leave that pro
vince an integral part of China, and to re
tire the Russian troops as rapidly as
safety would permit. This moreover, it
Is made plain In the communication, has
been Russia's oourse throughout, notwith
standing asertions to the contrary. But
as a more signal evidence of Russia s pur
pose, and in harmony with the Czar's
aspirations for peace and harmony be
tween the nations, the Russian Govern
ment now gives assurance of the most
definite and satisfactory character as to
the execution of this purpose.
The extent of the assurance can be best
judged by the Impression made In the
highest official quarters here that the
threatened crisis over Manchuria has been
completely averted. The Russian commu
nication Is the more significant coming at
a moment when the pr«ss advices from
Europe assert that Russia was collecting
an army of 300,000 men for the purpose
of holding Manchuria without reference
to the desfre of the other powers. There
is no doubt that Russia has a large mili
tary force In Manchuria, so that had she
determined to hold the province she has
the military establishment already on the
ground prepared to maintain her occu
pancy. . • • • •
To the officials in Washington one of
the most gratifying features of Russia's
action is that it Is responsive to Secre
tary Hay's note of March 1 last. This note
had been previously communicated to the
Chinese Minister at Washington, and ad
vised him that the United States viewed
as inexpedient and dangerous to the in
terests of China the conclusion of any pri
vate territorial or financial agreement. A
copy of this communication was sent to
the United Slates Embassador at St.
Petersburg, Mr. Tower, and the Russian
Embassador at Washington also was
made aware of Its contents. While the
note was not addresed directly to Russia,
yet by the foregoing means it came fully
to the attention of the Russian authori
ties.
Administration Is Reassured.
As regards the eventual restoration of the
province to China It is manifest that f»<=h In
tention can only be carried out whan the nor
mal situation is completely restored to the
empire and the central Government established
at the capital Independent and strong enough
" guarantee Russia against a recurrence of
The Russian Government conclude* the
lencthy statement in these words:
While the Russian Government matatalaa
Us present organization in Manchuria to pre
serve order in the vicinity of the broad fron
tiers of Russia and remains faithful to Its
original and oft-repeated political prOKramme
?t Wl Quietly aw£it the further coursti of
"events.
i While anticipating: an early settlement of
the question* affecting the mutual relations
between all the powers and China the Russian
', Government en its part considered it necessary
tr. concern .itself with the establishment of a
permanent order of things in the Chinese ter
ritories a Ions the borders of which the Rus
sian Asiatic possessions extend for a distance
or SOOO versts (5300 miles). To this end pro-
Visional written conditions for a modus vivendl
were agreed upon first between the Russian
military authorities and the Chinese Governors
of • three Mar.churian provinces.
"With reference to the institution of a local
Civil administration, subsequently, and after a
careful consideration of all the circumstances,
the Russian Government drew up the draft
of a special agreement with China providing
for the gradual evacuation of Manchuria, as
r.-ell as for the adoption of provisional meas
ures to assure peace in that territory to
prevent «the recurrence of events similar to
those of last year. Unfortunately, with the
object of stirring up public opinion- against
Russia, alarmist rumors were circulated in
the foreign press regarding the purpose and
intentions of the Russian Government. Falsi
fied texts of a treaty , establishing a protec
torate over Manchuria were quoted and erro
neous reports were designedly spread of an
alleged agreement between Russia and China.
As a matter of fact this agreement was to
serve as a basis for the restcratlon to China,
as contemplated by the Russian Government,
of the province of Manchuria, which, in con
sequence of the alarming events of last year,
was occupied by Russian troops. In order that
the requisite military measures might be
token it was imperative that the question
should be settled one way or the other. It
was impossible to lay down forthwith by
means of a mutual agreement, the conditions
of the- evacuation of Manchuria. According
to the news received serious hindrances were
P'oced In the. way of the conclusion of such
an agreement, and in consequence its accept- i
aiice by China, which was Indispensable for the
gradual evacuation of the province, proved
to be impossible.
Kussia's Explanation.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 5.— The Offi
cial Messenger to-day publishes a detail
ed review of the negotiations conducted
by the allied powers with the Chinese
plenipotentiaries at Tientsin and Peking
and of the negotiations that led to the
presentation of the French draft of peace
conditions which consisted of twelve
points, but which are not yet concluded.
The Russian Government then makes the
following statement: ;!-r *.'¦'..
"Japan, is. taJstng measures with a view
of hostilities with Russia," says the Pe
king correspondent of the Daily Express.
"She has 'entered- into an arrangement
with Liu Kin Yi, Viceroy of Nankin, who
is acting on behalf of the other friendly
viceroys and governors, regarding the
course they -will pursue in the way oi
aiding Japan against Russia. It is un
derstood that they have promised to
place the telegraph communications and
transport • facilities at the service of
Japan."
A special from* St. Petersburg says:
Russia blames the powers for Chinas
refusal to accept the conditions of tne
evacuation of . Manchuria, and calmly
says she is In no hurry and can await
events.- The unbiased opinion here 19
that Russia occupies an impregnable di
plomatic position, from which nobody can
dislodge- her. However- warlike Japan
may feel, Russia is confident that no op
portunity will be given her to take the
offensive without, placing herself In- the
wrong. As far as can be seen, Japanese
threats have not caused a ripple of ex
citement here.
LONDON, April 5.— "Russia's reply
concerning Manchuria being unsatisfac
tory, the Japanese Government has de
cided," says the Yokohama correspondent
of the Daily Mail, wiring Thursday,
"after a conference with the heads of the
army and navy and t with the depart
ments of finance and foreign affairs, to
address a second and more peremptory
remonstrance, demanding a reply within
a stated period. This remonstrance,
communicated through the Japanese
Minister, in St. Petersburg, almost
amounts to i an ultimatum."
day. Seven additional cases have been
officially reported, six of these being Eu
ropeans and of the latter being a Yeoman.
NEW ORLEANS, April 5.— The British
War Office has cabled to its agents at
New Orleans to make no further pur
.chases,of mules and horses for South
Africa, but . to close up their business
here. They were also instructed to hurry
forward all stock now under contract as
rapidly as possible. ¦ May 1 has-been nxed
as the date for the closure of business
here. It Is said by the British officers
here that the closing- of the .New. Orleans
office is not due to the suit brought in ttie
United States Court by General/Pearson
and Edward Van Ness, the Boer agent,
asking 1 that the shipment of mules" to the
British army In South Africa be pro
hibited by injunction, as the- order was
issued before the suit was brought. The
total number of horses and mules shipped
to date Is 6S.750, and there are 7000 more
head under contract .in Missouri and
Texas awaiting shipment. The total ex
penditures in this country on the part of
the British War Department for the pur
chase of mules and horses and their pro
vender is in the neighborhood ' of $23.
000,000.
BOERS AGAIN SHIFT
SEAT OF GOVERNMENT
Reported to Have Retreated From Pie
tersburg Because of the Advance of
British Troops Under Colonel Plumer
Mikado's Government Said to' Be Con
niving With Certain Chinese Viceroys
for Hostilities Against the Czar
RUSSIA'S BACKDOWN
MAKES JAPAN BOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALli, S A TURD A Y; APRILV G, 190 1 .
AND STILL HE HAS HIS TROUBLES.
MANILA, April 5. — Agutnaldo, composing his manifesto to the Filipino people, spends
hours consulting a dictionary. The manifesto is not yet finished. ' . . ,
If You Have , Dyspepsia
Bend nomoney.but write.Dr.Shoop,Raclne,Wl«.;
boxl37,for six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid. If cured.pay 55.50— If not.lt Is free*.
f . ¦ ¦ ' '¦¦'-¦
2
NEW YORK, 1 April 5.-The Interstate
Commerce. Commission, composed of Jud
son C. Clements of Georgia, Charles A:
Prouty of Vermont, James D. Yeoman of
Iowa, ex-Governor . Joseph W. Fifer of
Illinois and. ex-Judge Martin A. Knapp of
New York (chairman), is in session in this
city to-day. The commission is sitting to
hear the protests of New York lumber
dealers who obtain their lumber from
West Virginia and Ohio and against what
they deem the discriminating freight rates
of the Norfolk and -Western Railroad.
These rates, it is claimed, are much in
excess of those ', charged by other lines
that have a less direct route from the
shipping points. ¦,-•.
.Robert W. Higble,. a lumber dealer of
this city, told the commission that the
Norfolk and Western road charged from
6 to 7 cents more per thousand feet on
shipments of oak and poplar lumber than
did. the Chesapeake and Ohio, . the Balti
more and Ohio* and the Delaware, Lack
awanna and Western lines, i
rHE DAY'S DEAD
Dr. Johnson Ames advises as the safest
course to pursue on the first appearance
of grip symptoms to keep to the house for
a day or two and take Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets every hour ths first day and every
• two hours the following day and states
that this will break up the trouble before
it becomes deep seated
These catarrh tablet* are antiseotic and
harmless and prevent fever and the fur-
Ither development of grip germs and ward
off the ever present danger of pneumonia.
Dr. Gerald Simpson says: "I have
found Stuart's Catarrh Tablets a pleasant
and thoroughly reliable remedy - for the
grip, especially with elderly people with
whom this prevailing:, disease . is always
cangerous; the tablets can be found at
any drug store and if uied freely durin?
the first few days cf the attack will break
La. " grippe is a catarrhal affection, the
germs are in the air ana no one is Droof
against it, but the timely use of Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets will prevent any serious
result*.. -'H^ttBBBBfl ' -----
• However, there is no doubt but that the
grip Is catarrhal In character and the
leading symptom ln nearly every case is
increased secretion in the head and throat:
in fact, the first Indications of la grlppa
are those of a cold in the head which ex-
tends to the throat and lunsrs.
Everybody you meet on the streets now-
adays either has just «iad the grip, is com-
ing down with it or has a sure cure for it.
The disease has been a puzzle to physi-
cians ever 6ince its appearance several
years ago and it is as much of a puzzle
to-day as it was then. It exhibits such a
variety of symptoms in different individ-
uals and leaves such disastrous results
after apparent recovery that as yet Its
prevention and cure has baffled medical
science.
Did You Ever Try This OneP
Tou Have Heard of Many Remedies.
FOR THE GRIP.
Hoods 'SarscMm///a
Has won success far beyontSWe effect
of advertising only.
The true secret of its wonderful popu-
larity is explained, entirely and only,
by its unapproachable Merit.
Based upon a prescription which
cured people considered incurable,
which accomplished wonders astonish-
ing to the medical profession.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Includes the concentrated values of the
best-known vegetable remedies, unite.!
by such an original , and peculiar com-
bination, proportion and process as to
secure curative power peculiar to itself.
Its cures of mild and extreme casei
of scrofula, eczema, psoriasis. an<i
every kind and degree of humors, as well
as catarrh and rheumatism— rprove
Hoods Sarsaparilla
the best, blood purifier ever produced.
Its cures of dyspepsia, biliousness,
nervousness, loss of appetite and that
tired feeling make it the greatest stom-
ach tonic, nerve-bnilder, and strength-
restorer the world has ever known. '.
Hoods, Sarsaparilfa
Is a thoroughly good medicine. ' Beein
to take it TO-DAY. Get HOOD'S.
AD VERTISEMEli' 3 J|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To : Cure a Cold \ in One : Day. ir.:
Talse, Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. . 25c, -•
iBBfflSooSTeai
NEW WESTERN : HOTEL,
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON ET9 -»U-
*• modeled and lenovated. KINO- WARD*
CO. EuropeaD plan. Rooms, 50c to nsod*£
and cold water every room; nre grates ln«V2r»
roonu. elevator run* all night. -
Bead the Easter sermons by
prominent California divines
Ln next Sunday's Call.GOVERNOR ALLEN OF PORTO RICQ, WHO HAS JUST RETURNED TO
THIS COUNTRY FOR THE PURPOSE, IT IS SAID, OF PRESENTING
HIS RESIGNATION TO PRESIDENT McKINLEY. " '• •»
LEADING SPIRITS IN ' THE "WO
MEN'S AUXILIARY OF THE SAN
JOSE CARNIVAL COMMITTEE.
A
Contract for ? a Railway.
NEW, WH ATCOM. April 5.— A contract
was let to-day to Peter Larsen of -Helena,
Montana, for the construction of a tbir-
WOODLAND, April 5.— The San Fran
cfsco Savings Union has brought suit
against Reclamation District 10S, . aUeging
thirty-seven several and separate causes
of action. —
Sues Reclamation' District.
GRASS VALLEY, April 5.— Despondent
because out of work George Trudell of
North Bloomfield committed suicide in a
tragic manner last, night. . He went out
into a woodshed and, lying on the floor,
placed a piece of giant powder - in his
mouth and ignited it. His face and a
Dortion of the chin was blown off.
was 33 years of age and a native
of North Bloomfield. His aged mother and
father and ; a brother and sister survve
him. ¦•¦¦¦ ' ¦¦-¦ ¦_ ¦-•• ''¦;'-
Tragic Method of Committing
Suicids. ¦
North . Bloomfieldv Man Adopts a
SAN JOSE, April B.— At a meeting of
the non-suing depositors of the Union
Savings .Bank will be held to-morrow to
agree uppn a plan of settlement of the
bank's affairs with the other depositors.
The depositors who brought suits for their
money recently agreed to release all stock
holders who paid $50 a share assessments
on their stock. The outlawed and non-su
ing depositors, "who will not receive as
much as the other • class, have not yet
agreed to this form of settlement and the
meeting to-morrow is to harmonize these
la The "suing stockholders ' have received
63 per cent, the non-suing depositors from
25 tS 40 per cent and the outlawed depos
itors 25 per cent. At the meeting to-mor
row it is proposed to agree on some, plan
scTall stockholders may share more equal
ly There are assets enough yet on hand
with the assessment levied to pay about
80 cents on the dollar. .
LIGHTS GIANT POWDER
HELD IN ' HIS MOUTH
the "Union Savings Bank
Dividend. -
Propose an Equitable Distribution of
DEPOSITORS TO ARRANGE
A FUTAIi SETTLEMENT
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— A seripus
Charge has been preferred in the townsh'p
court against Justin K. Toles, a young
surgeon of this city. Edna L. Reynolds
has sworn to a complaint accusing Toxes
of criminal assault on March 4, while
treating her at his office. The young
woman is but 21 years old. She alleges
that she was drugged into stupefaction
by Dr h To^Tas arrested last night ami
his examination set for next Wednesday.
Bail was supplied at once in the sum of
$1 He denounces the charge as anjittexnot
at blackmail and declares that when th3
proper time comes he will establish his
innocence. ¦ . ¦-. . ___^__
Dr. Toles' says that at the time the
crime is alleged to have been committed
he was attending another patient, in com
pany with a nurse, who will corroborate
his statement. He denied having given
Miss Reynolds treatment as recently as
March 4.
Miss Reynolds formerly lived with Dr.
and Mrs. Fred T. Pierce of Oakland. She
came here to enter the Normal School
after her graduation from the Oakland
High School. After graduating last
spring she. was employed as a substitute
teacher in the public schools.
teen-mile extension of the Bellingham
Bay and Eastern railroad from, this city
to Wickersham, on the Seattle and Inter
national Railroad. The construction of
the piece of road gives the Northern Pa
cific entrance to this city.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Frederick A-
Gordon was to-day commissioned post
master at Juniper. Or., and Iver Johnson
at Silvana, Wash.
The Civil Service Commission announces
a a examination for Chinese Inspector
May 7.
Portions issued to-day were: California
—Original— James Reed, Soldiers' Home,
Ixis Angeles, $12: Maurice J. Fletcher,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $6. Renewal — John
*'. Svcningsen. San Francisco, $6; Fred
erick Mills, Holllster. $6. Increase— Isaac
K ITowser, I>os Angeles. $8: John P.
Woodward, Whittier. $8: Henry H. Ken
nedy. Red BJuff. $8; John Costello, Sol
dier's' Heine, Los Angeles. .$10. Survivors
Indian wars— John 3. Jameson, Tulare, $8.
War with Spain— Widows— Minors of
James R. Steele. San Francisco, $19.
Oregon— Original— Joseph Warren, Jion
ro<>. Hootf River, SS.
Washington— Increase— Luther Hoard,
Mossy Rock, $12.
Of Interest to tne Coast.
the girl being found. . _
Mrs. " Morgan is nearly crazy. After
vainly searching for her daughter she has
asked the press to publish her appeal,
which closes as follows:
"God grant. Laura, that you may , see
this and at least let us know that you
have come to no harm."
?
SOME ORCHARDISTS
; LOSE ENTIRE CROP
Extent of the Damage Caused by
Frost Throughout Yolo
;*....*• J County.
WOODLAND, April 5.— The estimate of
damages to the fruit crop made on Thurs
day are confirmed by later investigations
to-day. In some orchards prunes,
peaches, almonds and apricots are prac
tically all dead. In others only a short
distance away not to exceed half the crop
has been killed. At first the prevalent
opinion was that the damage to vineyards
was greater than to orchards. It is now
generally conceded that orchards have
fared the worst. - . . -
i Fire in a Drugstore.
WOODLAND, April 5.— Fire broke out
at an early hour this morning in a rear
room of Leithold's drug -store, but was
extinguished before it had gained great
headway. The damage amounts to about
52000. raHHffUMMlMIlj
TACOMA, April 5.— The family of Laura
Morgan, the 16-year-old school girl, who
disappeared mysteriously from Colfax on
the evening of March 12, since which time
no trace of her has been found, have is
sued a pathetic appeal to the missing girl.
Miss Morgan, who had been suspended
from school for one day because of dis
obeying the rules, left the schoolhouse
with two books under her arm and has
not been seen since. The next morning
her school books were found on the river
bank and her cape on the bridge one mile
west of town. Both were perfectly dry.
although rain had fallen during the fore
part of the night. It was evidently the
intention of the girl to make her friends
believe she had committed suicide, and
some believed she had until the river was
dragged and dynamite exploded in it at
Intervals for three miles, with no trace or
Mother of a Girl Who Disappeared
From Colfax Implores Her
to Write.
APPEALS THROUGH PRESS
TO MISSING DAUGHTER
UNION PACIFIC ACQUIRES
THE UTAH AND PACIFIC
Senator Clark Fails to Obtain a Coveted
Eastern Terminal for His Railway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— The Union Pa
cific has apparently blocked the San Pe
dro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railway
in one quarter at least, and the new road
now being constructed by Senator W. A.
Clark, R. C. Kerens and their associates
from Los Angeles eastward will be com
pelled to build all the way into Salt Lake
City. Private dispatches received here
announce that the Union Pacific has closed
a deal for the Utah and Pacific Railway.
The Union Pacific has for some time had
an option on this property.
There had been an expectation in well
Informed quarters that at the right mo
ment Senator Clark's corporation would
obtain what it was seeking— an eastern
terminus of its big enterprise by the ab
sorption of the Utah and Pacific. This
road 'extends from "Milford, Nev.. to
Uvada,' a distance of seventy-five miles,
where it connects with the Oregon Short
Line, which is the property of the Union
Pacific. "¦
J Ross Clark, vice president" of the Salt
Lake road, says that the news does not
surprise him, as he knew of the Union
Pacific option on the property, which for
that reason could not be obtained by the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railway.
"The promoters of the Clark enterprise
were only waiting for tho option to ex
pire, when they would have made an of
fer for the eame property," said he. "The
new move will not interfere with our
plans in the slightest degree."
SENATOR CLARK WINS
LAND OFFICE DECISION
Salt Lake Railway May TJse an Aban
doned "Union Pacific Right of
Way.
CARSON. Nev., April 5. —Some weeks
ago the Union Pacific Railroad filed a
prdtest in the United States Land Office
here to Senator Clark of Mon
tana using the old right of way and grad
ing in Lincoln County, Nevada, for his
proposed road from Salt Lake to Los An
geles. The right of way was graded in
1S93 by the "Union Pacific, but was aban
doned and bid in by the county. The
property .was not redeemed.
The decision of the Land Register to
day gives Lincoln County title to the
grade and right of way. This virtually
gives Clark all he asks for.
EXPLORING FOR OIL
ON ALASKAN COAST
English. Syndicate Has a Drilling
Outfit in Operation at
Kayak. ;
TACOMA. April 5.— The Pacific Steam
Wlialing Company's steamer Newport ar
rived at Juneau in March from the west
ward. She brought no passengers, having
made the trip chiefly with cannery
freight. She did not call at Valdes. Cap
tain Moore said that the Alaska Steam,
Coal and Petroleum Company has com
menced to drill for oil on its property at
Kayak,, and that he delivered to it a bor
ing rig which weighed forty-seven tons.
The company is composed largely of
English capitalists, and CajJtain Moore
says there is no doubt that it has prom
ising indications of oil on its land. Creeks
in that vicinity are largely impregnated,
with oil, and the bay *Lt Kayak is fre
quently almost covered with an oily scum.
While the surface indications are good,
it is considered likely that the company
will have to bore 1000 feet or more to
reach the oil stratum.
WOEKMEN OF BRITAIN
TO STUDY OUa METHODS
Effort Will Br Made to Impress Eng
land With the Value of Auto,
matic Tools. ¦
j LONDON. ADril 5.— The managers of a
number of iron manufactories of the Man
chester district have decided to send out
a picked party of British workmen to the
United States for the purpose of study
ing American methods of workmanship in
the automatic tool trade. The districts
of New England, Philadelphia, Cleveland,
Cincinnati and Chicago . and other steel
centers will be visited in the hope of con
vincing the British workmen of the neces
sity of improved methods if they desire
to retain their share of the world's trade.
' • '¦;
BOY CTJTS THE THBOAT
OF ANOTHER IN A FIGHT
Seventeen- Year-Old I»ad, the Son of
Wealthy Parents, Commits a
Terrible Crime. ,
WASHINGTON, Ind., April 5.— During a
fight last night at O'don, seventeen miles
north of here. Harley Lamb, 17 - years
old, killed Walter Correll. aged 22, cutting
his throat from ear to ear. The parents
of both are prominent and wealthy.' Lamb
Is /under arrest.
vi v ORFOLK, Va.. April 5.— Governor
|^^ If Allen of Porto Rico arrived at
1 Hampton Roads to-day on the
A N auxiliary cruiser Mayflower from
San Juan. He disembarked and
left to-night by boat for Washington.
Governor Allen declined to talk regarding
his.reported resignation except to say that
he expected to see President McKinley to
morrow.
WASHINGTON. April 5.-That the re
port that Governor Allen of Porto Rico is
to resign upon his arrival in Washington
is credited in the island is manifest from
the fact that the people of the island are
already making representations to the
President regarding his successor. YVen
ceslao Borda. who is chairman of the Por-
During the Cabinet meeting to-day there
was an informal discussion of the report
that Governor Allen of Vorto Rico is to
resign upon his arrival here, but no one
appeared to have any definite information
as to Allen's intentions, although the
opinion seemed to be that his resignation
would cause no surprise.
to Rican Commission which recently came
to Washington io protest against the Hol
lenden tax law, has written to the Presi
dent on behalf of the commission suggest
ing Francis H. Wilson, the present Post
master at Brooklyn, N. T.. as a successor
of. Governor Allen. In offering Wilson's
name to the President. Borda, who is in
New York, says he is obeying instructions
cabled to him by the executive committee
of the Merchants', Planters' and Bankers'
•Association of Porto Rico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Oakland Girl Causes the Arrest of
Dr. Toles .in Los Angeles.
PREFERS SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST YOUNG SURGEON
SAN JOSE, April 5.— The plans of
the City Engineer for the decora
tion of the electric tower for the
rose carnival have been accepted
by ¦ the executive, committee.
They embrace four rows of American
flags from »top to bottom of the "OOnfoot
structure, the whole surmounted by a
large banner. t At the base of each of the
four pedestals is a palm tree fifteen feet
high and the iron : framework above is
to be festooned with green and flowers.
Colored electric lights in the shape of a
star and the word "Welcome" will
illumine the tower at night.
The county has not as yet decided upon
the* decoration of the Courthouse and
the Hall of Records, but as this place
has been chosen as the reviewing stand
for the President the arrangement of
flowers and bunting will be magnificent
and costly.
¦ The women's auxiliary to the executive
committee has been actively engaged dur
ing the past week in obtaining promises
of flowers for the enormous bouquet
which the women of Santa Clara County
will present to the President. It will not
only be the largest bouquet of cufflowers
on record, but it will be unique in having
either the leaf or blossom of every kind of
plant and flower grown in the county.
The members of the women's auxiliary
are:
. Mrs. E. O. Smith, chairman: Mr*. Addle
Frink, secretary; Mrs. E. O. Stocking, Mrs.
E. J. Crawford, Mrs. Emile Bourgignon, Mrs.
A. S- Bacon, Mrs. W. L. Woodrow, Mrs. J. W.
Davy. Mrs. Paul P. Austin, Mrs. W. P.
Dougherty, Mrs A. E. Shumate, Mrs. M. Le/y,
Mr3. Jackson Hatch, Mrs. J. P. Burke. Mrs.
E. G. Campbell, Mrs. T. Kirk, . Mrs. W. G.
Kennedy, Mrs. A. P. Hill. Mrs. A. T. Herrman,
Mrs H. D. Matthews, Mrs. Henry Booksin,
Miss Edith Lar.tz, Mrs. Noble T. Blddle, Mrs.
Charles FlemminR. AIlss Maude Nourse, .Mrs.
Sidney J. Yard, Mr3. Robert Syer, Mrs. Jon
athan Sweisert, Miss Florence Clayton, Mrs.
J. H. Henry. Mrs. W. W. Tourney, Mrs.
Stephen A. Jones. Mrs. Laura. Delaney, Mrs.
T Benton, Mrs. Jennie Saunders, Mrs. C. C.
Morse, Miss Jennie F&rwell. Mrs. Eben C.
Farlsy, Mrs. Fred Cottle, Mrs. S. H. Cloud,
Mrs. Dr. E. H. Samuels, Mrs. Mary J. Gates.
Mrs. R. R. Bulmore. Miss Nettle Whitehurst
and Mrs. Dr. J. T. Hlgslns.
GRASS VALLEY, April 5.— The Wright
& Bally quartz mine, a short distance
from Sweetland, on San Juan Ridge, has
been sold to San Francisco capitalists.
The reported purchase price ia $10,000.
Four shafts will be sunk immediately on
different parts of the property. If devel
opments warrant, heavy machinery will
be erected.
Grass Valley Mine Sold.
JIOKELXIMNE HILL, April 5.— S. 31.
Danielson of Glencoe had a terrible ex
perience on Tuesday night, barely escap
ing being roasted alive. Danielson whila
111 fainted before an open fireplace and
pitched forward head foremost upon the
live coals, where he lay unconsciousV,face
downward. His wife, hearing his fall,
ran to his assistance and dragged him out
of the fire. His face, neck and shoulders
were horribly burned. If he lives he may
lose his eyesient. " '¦¦.-': •
Second Body Becovered.
ANTTOCH, April 5.— The body of An
drew Hanson, another of the three men
who were drowned while going over the
river to the dredger Atlas -in a small boat
on the evening of March 28, was recovered
this morning near the mouth of the Sac
ramento River, about four miles from the
place where tho accident occurred. The
only boay yet missing is that of James
McQuade.
Palls Into Open Fireplace.
TACOMA, April 5.— J. A. Frawley,
representing wealthy oil men of Cali
fornia, has leased S00O acres of oil and gas
lands near ColvUle. The leases were made
after a careful investigation t>f the oil
indications there by Frawley and other
experts. He has returned to California
to receive instructions from his princi
pals, leaving the property in' charge of J.
B. Wetherill of Portland, an oil expert,
who has been conducting a series of tests
for oil and gas. These have proved so
successful that boring will be commenced
as soon as the machinery can bo In
stalled. /
Expert ¦Wetherill thinks that It will b«>
necessary to bore about 1300 feet. Fraw
ley and his associates have Incorporated
the Colville Oil Company, with a capital
stock of $500,000. They say that all the
money necessary for development pur
poses will be secured In California, mak
ing sales of stock in this State unneces
sary.
Company Is Incorporated With Capi
tal of Half a Million to. Prose
cute Boring Work.
CAXIFOHNIANS STRIKE
OZL IN WASHINGTON
salt has attracted the attention of Oak
land, San Francisco and'San Jose capital-
Ists and the advantages of the section of
marsh just north of Alviso for salt
making are to be utilized. Large salt
works are to be erected at a point three
miles north of the town of Alviso by j«.
newly organized corporation known a3
the Western Salt Company. W. J. Din
gee of Oakland and Frank Smith, tho
borax king, are back of the enterprise,
and it is said they are preparing to fight
the salt trust. The capitalization of tho
concern is $250,000.
Large tracts of land In the vicinity o?
Ihe proposed works have been leased.
The saline deposits there are very rich.
Extensive evaporating machinery and
other portions of a large plant to manu
facture and refine salt will be erected a*,
once, and it is said they -will be in a po
sition to compete with the trust. The
shipping is to be done by water from Al
viso, and there the company propose to
erect a large warehouse. The narrow
gauge railroad also runs close by ard
will give them another outlet.
Works Are to Be Erected Near Alviso
and Quarter of a Million
Invested.
SAN JOSE. April 5.— The high price of
CAPITAL IS READY
FOB SALT TETJST FIGHP
cisco Case.
STOCKTON, April 3.— From what is
known liere of the vital points in the Su
preme Court decision invalidating the
bond issue in San Francisco, it is believed
that the recent issue voted by Stockton
will bo. void. The court held that the
election providing for the issue in San
Francisco should have been held under a
rity charter provision and not under the
.State law. A well-known attorney says:
"The same point is involved In the case
of the Stockton bonds. The bonds which
were issued about a year ago were voted
at an election held under the State law,
whrreas it should have been under the
provision of the Stockton city charter.
"In 1890 the State law eoverned. and it
was proj)er to issue the bonds under It
instead of under the charter. Since then
the State constitution has been amended
so that where there is a conflict between
duty charters and State law the charters
govern. That is the reason why Stock-
Ton's charter provision as to bonds should
have been followed instead of the State
lav.- in holding the last bond election."
City Attorney Thompson says that he
is uncertain as to the effects upon the
Stockton bonds, and that this will lead
him to set the matter before the feu
preme Court in some manner. The last
issue voted was about {100,000. Mr.
Thompson says:
"When our charter was adopted there
was a State law in effect governing bond
issues. Consequently the charter provi
sion was never legally adopted and is
therefore invalid. In the case of San
Francisco the facts were different. There
was no State law in existence at the time
the San Francisco charter was adopted.
J do not believe that the Supreme Court s
decision touches that point at all, but I
have not read it in full."
Lawyer Holds Tbat It Is Affected by
the Decision in the San Fran-
STOCKTON BOND ISSUE
HAY BE INVALIDATED
SCHOONER RELIANCE SOLD.— The schoon- \
er Reliance, sixty-one tons, was sold yester
day by the United States Marshal by order of j
the United States District Court to George ,
Kneass, Captain it. White and Charles Conk- i
lin. The price paid was $1500.
TWO MONTHS FOR SMUGGLING.— Ma Sue.
Japanese steward of the Nippon Maru,! was
sentenced by United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday to two months' imprisonment
in the County Jail for smuggling several dozen
silk handkerchiefs, table covers, etc.
CHINESE COOK USES KNIFE.— Looey Gon,
a Chinese cook at the Hotel Granada, had a
difficulty yesterday -morning- with "William
Holzhauser. a waiter, and cut h^m slightly with
a knife. Holzhauser had the cook arrested on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
MORGUE AND CORONER'S OFFICE RE
MOVED. — The Morgue and Coroner's office were
removed yesterday to the new quarters on Dun
bar alley. There are no fireplaces in the build
ing: and no means of heating and ventilating it.
It will be uninhabitable in winter as well as
unwholesome in summer.
EMBEZZLEMENT NOT PROVEN.— The case
of Heinrich Mellman, patent agent, accused of
felony embezzlement by Louis Kohn, 17 Chap
man street, Oakland, lor misappropriating' J1C0
given him to secure a patent for a keyless lock,
was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
and now Mellman wants Kohn arrested for
maliciously procuring' a warrant. • .
CAVALLERO IS CHARGED.— Richard Cav
allero/ the messenger . boy, , who wounded
Charles Mullin, another messenger boy, in the
messenger office, 104 Union Square avenue,
.Thursday morning, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. Mullin is at his home, 221
Francisco street, and is said to be in a serious
condition. ¦ ' • , '
PHILBROOK ARGUES HIS POINT.— Horace
W. Philbrook spent several hours yesterday in
Judge Murasky's court arguing his contention
that he should be permitted to go further into
the private and professional affairs of witnesses
already called in order to develop the facts of
the alleged conspiracy against him. Judge
Murasky will announce his decision when, the
case Is called Monday morning.
VEREIN EINTRACHT.— At the annual meet
ing of the Verein Eintracht the following were
elected officers for the current, year: John
Hermann, president; Joan Derbaum, vice presi
dent; C. von Hartwig, recording secretary; C.
Mueller, financial sercetary; F. Huber, treas
urer: O. Thiele, trustee; J. Hartmannshen,
librarian ; . C Wedemeyer, II. Lehmann and A.
Joisen, committee on tick; G. Audibert, sen
tinel. . .¦.'¦.
WANTS HER SONS ARRESTED.— Mrs.'
Annie Cummins, 13591-i Minna street, and her
daughter secured warrants from Judge Fritz
yesterday for the , arrest of Edward and John
Cummins, sons of - Mrs. Cummins, on the
charge of disturbing the peace. Mrs. Cum
mins said that the sons, who are over twenty
five years of age, were in the habit of getting
drunk and coming : home and . beating . herself
and. daughter. ¦ '
COWDEN'S SUIT ANSWERED.— An answer
to the action . instituted by J. C. Cowden
against the State Board of Medical Examiners,
in which he seeks a writ of mandate to com
pel defendant board to issue him a license to
practice in this State, v.as filed yesterday. In
it the board states t iiat Cowden was refused
a license because, thi Pacific Coast Regular
College of Medicine, of which Cowden is a
graduate, docs not meet I, the requirements of
the lavr. .
ALIEN IMMIGRANTS FOR MARCH.—Stat
istician Richard Eccletston of the local Bureau
of Immigration has made the following report
of arrivals of immigrants at this port during
the month of. March. Total number 396, . of
which 87 we're females." The following- were
the leading nationalitic-a: Japan, 127; England,
69; Mexico, 49;. Spanish-American, 33; Scandi
ravians, 20; Austrians, Is; Italians, 8.. The lead
ing occupations were:. Students,' 112; -mariners,
72; merchants, 29; servants, 21: seamstresses,
17; farm laborers,- 14; ' clerks, 12; farmers, 10;
laborers, 11: artists and sculptors, 5.' and clergy
men, 2. Ninety-eight of . the immigrants were
returning to this country. %S$&&
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Will Build Adobe mansion.
MONTEREY, April 5.-Charles Rollo
Peters, the artist, Is about to commence
the erction of a picturesque residence on
his property in the Doud tract, adjacent
to this city. The house is to be old Cali
fornian in its architecture and built of
genuine adobe. It will be unique in that
it will be the first real adobe house built
in this section in many years. It is stated
the work of construction will be, begun at
once.
Falls Lifeless From Her Chair.
REDDING, April 5.— While sitting be
fore the kitchen stove at her home near
Middletown, four miles west of Redding,
this morning Mrs. Antone Schwegerl sud
denly toppled out of her chair, and be
fore the other members of the family
could reach her fell to the floor dead.
Death is \ believed to have been due to
heart disease. The case is being investi
gated.
Plantation Warehouse Burned.
NEW- ORLEANS.- April 5.— The ware
house on the South Side plantation, con
taining a large quantity .of v sugar, was
destroyed by fire to-night. The loss is
$200,000. The plantation is on the bank of
the river a v few miles above this city.
Curies From the Philippines.
MONTEREY, April 5.— A large collection
of Filipino" curios, probably the finest pri
vate collection on thi3 coast, if not in the
United States, has just reached this city
from Manila. The curios were sent to
Mrs. M. Chambre by her husband, who is
an officer in the Fourteenth Infantry. It
includes mats, baskets, bolos and other
weapons, household utensils, ornaments
and Filipino garments. * - t -
Sad Fa+e of a Great-Grandson of
# the Immortal John
Hancock.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 5.— Solomon
Hancock, for years a leading horticultur
ist of San Bernardino County, died this
morning at the Southern California Hos
pital for the Insane at Highland, where
he was committed three years agro. He
was 43 years old and a great-grandson of
John Hancock, one of the signers of the
Declaration of Independence. His parents
live here.
The death of Solomon Hancock recalls
the tragic ending of his brother AJvin.
The latter's mind became unbalanced four
years ago, but he was kept at home in
stead of being sent to the asylum. One
day, while unwatched, he swallowed
poison and died an hour later. . ¦
DIES IIT HIGHLAND
ASYLUM FOR INSANE
The party was composed of Charles and
GusUvp Randall and George Bodo. They
left Guaymas in a carriage and were but
a lew mile? from a point where the Mex
ican Botdlen were ca.mped when a bana
rT Indians appeared irom behind the
rocks and opened lire upon them. The
V>oys left Uicir carriage and started to run
10 "cover, stopping frequently to fire back
at the Indians, who were* pursuing. The
boys had nothing: but revolvers and could
not Fhoot effectively Ht lonp range.
« harles Ram'all fell with a bullet In his
hack. The other two, believing: their com
panion killed, kent on running and soon
reached the point where the soldiers' were
encamped, near the Yaqui River.
When notlried of the attack the soldiers
refused to go after the Indians and the
boys had to return to their companion
filone. Randall was found to be badly
wounded, but was able to travel to Guay
mas and from there was brought to
Tucson to-day. He will recover.
The boys are very indignant ov7?r the re
fusal of the soldiers to assist them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 5.-Taqui Indians
Mtackcd a party of Tucson boys in the
Yaqul River Valley while the lads were
on n. trip to the ranch of a friend several
•lays ago. One of the boys was shot In
the back and left supposedly dead on the
neld.
Charhs Randall Is Shot in the- Bac^
and His Two Comrades Brave
ly Return to His
Tuscon Lads Have a Run
ning Fight With a Band
of Warriors.
YAQUIS ATTACK
PARTY OF BOYS
Those interested In ¦ the enterprise are
confident that it will prove immensely
profitable and the work of erecting can
neries has already been commenced at
San Quintln, below Ensenada.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— Samuel M.
Shortridge has returned from San.Dicso,
the immediate object of his trip to the
south having been to look after business
relating to the Pacifte Fishing and Ex
ploration Company, of which he is a di
rector and the moving spirit. This com
pany has obtained valuable concessions
from the Mexican Government t for all the
rights of "marine exploration/' including
fishing, for the coast of Lower California
from the mouth of the Colorado' River to
Tia Juana.
Special Dispatch ; to The Call.
a Concern That Will Erect
Plants' in Lower
: * California.
Mexican Government Grants
Cannery Concessions
to a Syndicate.
Samuel M. Shortridge at the Head of
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR OCEAN FISH
Entrance to the priest's residence was
effected through the rear door. In the
kitchen an ax was taken not to be used
in breaking open doors but evidently to
be utilized as a weapon in resisting at
tack. At the end of the hall was a larg-o
collection of canes, and from this a loaded;
cane was taken. This weapen and the ax
were found in the room where the burg
lary was committed.
The door leading to the room was pried
open with a Jimmy. The lock was broken
and the door somewhat battered. In two
closets Father McNamee had deposited
about $125, mostly in small silver coin. A
portion belonged to the parish and the»
balance to the priest. Probably overcome
by a spirit of generosity the burglar left
one 5-cent piece. A box containing Jew
elry and trinkets was opened, but the ar
ticles nearly all bore the initials of Father
McNamee and were left in their place.
SANTA CRUZ. April Father
McNamee was celebrating mass !n th«
Catholic church here yesterday his resi
dence was entered by a burglar and more
than 5300 stolen. Tlse Intruder must havo
known that the service of Holy Thursday
was especially Ions and that Father Mc-
Xamee and the assistant priest. Father
Gay, were both In the church. Within a
few feet of the sacred edifice they plle-i
their nefarious trade and made away with
the ofterlngs Riven by the people for th»
spread of the gospel.
Speclal~blsratch to The Call.
Times His Visit So as to Effect aa
Entrance While the Clergyman
Officiates at Holy Thurs
day Services. i
Loots the Parish Residence
of Father McNamee in
Santa Cruz.
BURGLAR RAIDS
PRIESTS HOUSE
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRLLfi, 1901.
Floral Gift by San Jose Ladies to Presi
rfecient McKinley Will Contain Every
Variety Grown in Santa Clara County
GATHERING BLOSSOMS
FOR MONSTER BOUQUET
It Is Believed That He Will Resign and
Business Men of the Island Ask
That Francis H. Wilson Be Appointed
GOV. ALLEN COMES
FROM PORTO RICO
3
|| TO-DAY th f "r e vSu L , ICHT ' I
% fo-MORROW Ilil I
(V ' •" ). ii
jf\k For. a Quarter of a Century y^
Is A BEACOH L16HT TO HEALTH, f,
2 1 Jadgc T. A. McMahon, of Ctalcgo, writes : - '•'"., ; Jr/
\ * . Fourteen years' liver complaint serious! j Interfered with my official duties. I was ' \?/
/ V dosed wtm pills and powders until I lost bean and courage. At last I tried War- . f|-j
'. J ner a Bate Cure. I do not wonder everybody sj*aks well of it Efcnt bottles W
y^ cleaned me from bead to foot, and I am a well man, rt/
% \ I '--!. : \ •*>*¦• C. .F. P. Burchmote, 873 Huntlngtoa Avenue. Boston. - W 't
j I ¦¦ . i ; Whenever opportunity presents. I prescribe Warner's Safe Core, and I haw yet •¦ '.
£ J to see a patient dlssatlsfled wlta the results where a disease of U» kidneys or " \ /.'
ji . Eenito-organs existed. * ' 1Y.:
¥ • Jl ¦ , " " ~ :, , * . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . \ §
MX Henry Bill, Casnler Standard Oil Co.. Chicago. HI*. ? -.
/"'/£ 1 suffered with kidney and liver trouble for eight months. It upset my entire v/
, l system andAmade me unfit for wort. The doctors finally advised me to take Wax. iflJf
i £ pers Safe Cure.- ¦Within one week after beginning its use. the burning sensation . w
7s\ * C 8 " V&TttaUj disappeared. • in two weeks more I considered mvself ccred. aad I hayo fTI**
V>* .been In perfect health ever atace. . Mf
• *i'- v Co ."ld there be stronger testimony or trom mors repu- V '¦'$'¦
fl\ tablemen? Do not longer delay, but begin to-day the ito
VaV u8e OT> . Warner's Safe Cure, and thus secure the sreat- vf.
W est of all blessings— good health. v M/
V£k Send . your name and address to Wakxzk Sirs Ccrx Co.. Rochester. N. T., Sf ¦
>jS»l *33p and receive by return post a fre« sample ol Warner's Safe Cure. <a/
| Dependable Drugs
| TKis weeK.
I at the Owl
p Special saveng 6alc of drugs,
1 medicines and toilet articles. Our
| big business enables us to sell things
j for considerable less than most stores
I charge.
S This -week onh/ — don't wait.
g Pepper Whiskey 65c
fl Munyon's Soap ioc •
£ Rcnner's German Malt 1 5c
I 3 lbs. Bird Seed 1 5c
I Lablache Powder 25c
I Allen's Malt Whiskey 65c
I Florida Water — M. &L. 45c
t Kirk's Juvenile Soap ioc
5 Pabst Best Tonic 20c
I Packer's Tar Soap *2 for 25c
I Roger & Gallet's Peau de
I Espagnc 8cc
I Lyons Tooth Powder 15c
8 [|§|| P C RX T E DRU ° CtS1 J?
I j£_J*ik. 1128 MarKet Street
g 1 TPfffva-w*^ San Francisco
ft lOtH and Broadway Oakland
IKBSEKM 9F AHfiTOBY?
9 Q) UaStASOCT 2t. fctt tifciti, 5T.C& a
T Or Tlie ILfrfrt Aoilcaic*! Mu?rmri in tJ*» \
A -^-r*^~- r.'orld. Vuta«i« er Any contracted 4
I*? fifVSB fcpeajUitcnthtCoMt Eit3&y»i>. $
£ AW£h DfU'CKQtfi-PJIYATE DISEASES §
' yC%Sr? i >'i Co»ralt»dc>n free end strict!/ private. \
fi t j£*<S? ll T n "T-*"* persona!. y or by letter. A ff
\ E IF ~S S ******* Cvrctn rt cry case undertakes. \
httt II* w nte for Book. PatLSiarBVrf^
V • U 1* KtnBUae, mailed fxsb. Uf
X (X IL' **luable book for nra) A
V DO. ioBDAS A CO.. 1(C1 Market St.. 8. F. 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
John Strange Winter, Charles
Battell Looxnis, S. E. Kiser,
Marion Harland/are some of
the names of the contributors
to the special Easter edition
of The Call. You know they
can write, and these stories
rank among their best efforts.
Don't miss next Sunday's
Call.ROT SERVICE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, WHOSE MILE
RUNNING IS THE ATHLETIC SENSATION OF THE DAT. HE IS
TRAINER CHRISTIE'S FIRST SUCCESS ON THIS COAST.
_ Since 1S42. the population of Enfl«ad.
Scotland and Wales has increased I* per
cent. • while Ireland shows a decrWM of
nearly 65 per cent.
COURSING POSTPONED,
ABILENE. Kans., April 5.— The finals
1 I ,% coursln S meet which were sched
£,«?' v t0 " d av..were postponed till to
weather aUSe Of the inclemenc y of the
Astronomers Beach Sumatra.
LICK OBSERVATORY. April, 5.— A ca
blegram was received at Lick T pbserva
toryv to-day from -Professor 4 Perrine an
nouncing the arrival of the Crocker, eclipse
expedition; at Padang, Sumatra.
--'¦•¦ * .... . - . .
RELIANCE BOUTS.
OAKLA1CD. April 5.— The Reliance Club
offers a star match of fifteen rounds for its
feature at Tuesday evening's boxing tour,
nament. The contestants will.be "Kid"
McFadden and "Chick" Flnnerty. ' The
youngsters will meet at IIS pounds. -Both
lads have a reputation in rlngdom for
fast work and have promised to give a
good account cf themselves In their forth
coming go.
Lewis Long of the Reliance" Club and
Jack McMurray of San Francisco will
open the sport with a six-round contest,
fighting at 121 pounds.
Interest Is centered in the return match
•which will be fougrht in May bet-ween
Tommy Cox and Sam Herman. Their
¦ ba.ttle in February was the fastest match
ever witnessed before theclub.^
" ¦ - . - . ' . ;¦ : ' ¦
CROSS COUNTRY RIDE,
The steeplechase across country for the
Challenge cup of the j San Mateo County
Hunt will take place' this morning at 11
o'clock, '.the rendezvous being the Country
Club grounds at Burllngame. This event
was originally set for to-morrow, April 7,
but notices of the change were sent out
to the members a week ago. On Monday,
April' 8, the hounds of the San Mateo pack
wlllbe laid on at the. kennels at Burlin
game at 9:15 inthe morning. 'On Wednes
day, April 10, Laurel Creek; Beresford, is
the place appointed and 4 p. m. Is the
time. Next Saturday, April 13, the throw
off- will -be • at- Uncle Tom's Cabin, San
Bruno, at 4 in. the afternoon. ' - •
SWIMMING RACES,
Following are the entries for Sundays
swimming races at Sutro Baths:
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenilw-S. Grundy. VT.
"Welch, P. Moultln. B. Ferrill. J. Du?an. A.
Derks, W. Belaaco. A. Courtney. D. Chase. J.
Bosks. J. Mclfanun. W. Adams P. : Collins.
I-. Buttemer. P. Paine, E. Egan. C. Crist. R.
Herman. -C. Duke. C. Buttenvorth, A. Mar
tinez, P. McDonald, D. Shipley.
Under water swimming, tub race and high
diving for boys, open to all.
100-yard race, amateurs — C. Austin. P. Mo
san. P. Eay. H. Leicken. C. Donovan. P. Sun
berg. P. Began, J. Slmmlns, F. Down, W!
Stockton, L. Louis, J. O'Brien. G. Wallace.
P. Rose, C. Augustus. A. Clayton, O. Lovren
thal. L. Scott, R. Riding. E. Bell. - 1*, llay
warda. J. Hunt. H. Mitchell.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— G. Cha!
mer, F. Rlttcr,* J. Shelton. O. Owens, J.
Dwyer, M. Loud. E. Wells. J. A. Jackson. W.
guine, H. Carter. J. Mclntyre. G. Randall. O.
Ryan. M. Roach, C. Thompson. B. Berry. O.
Scbultz.
ON THE COURTS,
Last . Wednesday on the California Club
courts during a practice game with R. N.
Whitney, William Roth, the Stanford
man, sprained his ankle and it is very
doubtful if he will be able to play for
two weeks. "The accident was a very pain
ful one and Roth is confined to his bed.
Stanford has no other man of his caliber
to fill the vacancy in the cardinal team.
The new men who have recently joined
the California Tennis Cluu are the most
promising lot of beginners the club has
ever had. They are Frank Hooper, Fred
Schleef, Kenneth Hamilton, .Clyde Beal,
Pete Smith. Henry Scott, Percy Williams,
Leonard Wood, Poett and Dr. Noble.
The ease -with which Grant Smith dis
posed of Harold Crowell in the finals last
Sunday was : rather surprising, as both
men axe in the same .class.. This is the
third time in the last l few months that
Smith has defeated Crowell in the finals
of a tournament. .:;¦:: \
The ¦ tournament for the ladles' cham
pionship of Alameda, which should have
been played last Tuesday, was postponed
until' next Tuesday .on account of the
weather. .... , . .
There will be a singles tournament for
non-winners . during the present year on
the local courts to-morrow. The men who
are not eligible are the Whitney brothers
Collier, Crowell, ¦ Smith, . Cornell and
Kuehn. . •.-¦••'* " ¦¦
AUTOMOBILE PUFFINGS.
The Automobile Club of California will
make its first run through Golden Gate
Park to-morrow. The chauffeurs will
rendezvous on Van Ness avenue, ¦ near
Golden. Gate avenue, at 11 a. m., and,
forming in line under the leadership of
S. D. Rogers, president of the club, will
proceed up Golden Gate avenue, then 'to the
Waller-street entrance of the park. Then
they will go out along the south drive to
the Ocean. boulevard, thence In a south
erly'direction to the end of the boulevard,
back through the park, round the . Pre
sidio reservation, and so home. Applica
tion has been made" to the Park Commis
sioners for permits for all members of the
Automobile Club and It is expected that
an examination of the horseless carriages
will be made by the park engineer at the
en it a X e w the P ,f rk morning
At the last meeting of the board of gov
ernors, of the. Automobile Club thirty-five
members were elected and it is exacted
S- a mo a i!row; them WiU ?*> A tatK'JK
Dr. Bangs of San Jose has invited the
members of the Automobile Club to take
P ar t in the reception to be given to Presi-
t d h?\^ C^ inl $ y at San J°se on May 13 lid
caflJdTor- a°run^n er ffi d °a y the ClUb . ***
the California coursing committee for a
kennel designation. Their dogs will run
hereafter in the name of the North Pole
Michael Allen and J. E. Wilson have an
nounced their joint ownership of a batch
of hounds, among which are: Lady
Emma, Friendly Tip, Secret Tip, Trouble
some, Bashful Maid, Plough Girl. Happy
Girl ' Miss ! Russell, Barefoot Boy ana
Laughing Waters. Allen is also a member
of the firm of Russell & Allen.
Among the high-class breedings or the
week are Royal Flush to Miss Evans and
Rocker to Las Palmaa. v .
I Union Park presents a strong card for
the week's attraction. The stake is made
up of 112 entries, among which are many
champions. " .. "
CRICKET SCHEDULE.
The schedule committee of the Califor
nia Cricket Association has prepared a
list of matches to be played during the
coming season between teams represent
ing the various affiliated clubs. Then*
will be six matches between the Alameda
and Pacific elevens— on April 21, May 28,
June 23, July 14, August 11 and September
29— all on the ground at Webster street.
Alameda. Alameda will play against Sac
ramento on May 5 at Alameda and on Oc
tober 6 at Sacramento. The Pacifies will
play against Sacramento at Sacramento
on June 2. and at Alameda on August 25.
The Pacific team will play against the
fcanta Cruz Country Club on May 12 at
Alameda. and on September 1 at Santa
Crr.z. The Sacramento team will play
against the Santa Cruz eleven at Alameda
on July 28. and, September. 15. Under the
title of "Young America vs. Old Kng
land" three matches will be played dur
ing 1S01, the dates being May 19, June 30
and August 4. For Decoration day and In
dependence day no matches are sched
uled, while the three days. September 7.
8 and 9, are left open for matches to be
arranged between the city clubs and vis
iting cricketers from Lake County.
GENERAL BOOM
FOR COURSING
IN FIVE TOWNS
.Unparalleled Activity Dis-
Dlaued ' Iju Leashmen in
Many Parts of .the. State.
Notes From the Kennels
A glance at the programme of the vari
ous coursing parks of the State shows that
the sport has attained a proportion far
above' the.' expectations of the most
sanguine leashmen of a year or two' ago.
Not only In magnitude has the game im
proved, but the' class performers and
the quality of the hounds has improved in
all country associations.
On Sunday last no. less than five cities
offered coursing cards as a holiday attrac
tion and from reports received the attend
ance at each place was satisfactory.
Stockton; Los Angeles,' Vallejo,; San
Jose and -the local home of the "sport.
Union Park, ran stakes. In Los Angeles
a thirty-two-dog event and the finals of
an unfinished stake of the week before
made up the meeting. Storm King won
the first and the second was divided ¦ by
Dick L and Happy Butte.
The improvement in quality of the coun
try meetings over those: of last year is
noticeable. . Very few of the runners are
of unknown stock or. of unpedigreed class.
The breeders in the outside counties have
given more attention in the past few years
to well-known .sires and the result .is
shown in the quality of the stakes. ¦ ¦
In the .. make-up of the events can be
found hounds . which > are fast enough in
any company and sufficiently clever; to
negotiate for honors in big events.
. The Kennel Club committee of arrange
ments, preparing for the- coming bench
show, ¦ has chosen John .Bradshaw . to : of
ficiate as - judge • over greyhounds. As
Bradshaw has been ruled off by; the
California coursing committee for his con
nection with I the doping ' of one* ; of I Joe
Watkins' • hounds ¦ at Ingleside sometime
ago, the question has •; been asked what
action will -be taken by the coursing club.
While it assumes no Jurisdiction over
bench shows, it will certainly not sanction
the entering of hounds because of the se
lection of Bradshaw.* If the Kennel Club
will choose some well-known coursing man>
in good standing to act as judge the com
mittee ¦ states . that the ' contribution of
good dogs in ¦ the greyhound class will be
more plentiful. » ¦..--.- • .
- "At a > meeting of the - Vallejo Coursing
Club last week D. Hooper was ruled off
for '¦administering a stimulant" stronger
than beef tea . to : a hound . in ¦ the stake.
The case of ; Hooper, has been T pending for
some .time. 1 : i •- ¦
O. A.. Sterl,:F. M. ' Knowles and -F. A.'
McComb have » filed an * application with
WILL OPEN THE
SEASON WITH
INDOOR JINKS
Yachtsmen on Both Sides
. of the Bau Are Preparing
for the Initial Season
al Sail-Odds and Ends
The yachtsmen of the bay are busily
employed in preparing for the opening
days of the various clubs, which will soon
come in quick succession, the Californlas
opening on Saturday, the 13th, the Corin
thians on the 20th and the San .Francis
cos on the 27th. AH three clubs have jinks
committees, Which are hard at work re
hearsing for the entertainments to be
given in the clubhouses', on Oakland
Creek, at Tiburon and at Sausalito. .'•-¦-.
It has hitherto been the custom of the
San Francisco Yacht Club to give a dance
on the opening Saturday night, but for
this year at any rate a jinks for men will
take the place of the mixed, entertain
ment: The jinks committee consists of ex-
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill, A. W. Waters
and A. F. Broad, chairman, with ' power
to add two more to their number. The
San Francisco Yacht Club has on its roll
124 members, the largest number for many
years, and during the coming season will
make great efforts to raise its member
ship to 200. The assistance of Las Amigas,
a ladles' club, which is composed of the
wives; sisters," 'daughters and relatives of
the members, and which- uses the club
house on weekdays, has been enlisted in
aid of . the yacht club. Concerts and
dances will be given, for which the ladies
will decorate the big hall,. and the pro
ceeds will -be paid into a fund to be ex
pended solely for the purpose of complet
ing the assembly-room, by lining it, add
ing a large .fireplace and a permanent
stage, the latter to be built at the south
erly end of the hall, over the addition to
the clubhouse. In order to encourage men
who are not owners of a yacht to join the
club more rowboats will be purchased, as
the two already owned by the club are
quite insufficient to meet the require
ments." -C. '¦.••-• " ' ¦ ' ¦ . . •
It seems now to be assured that there
will be a race for the Perpetual Challenge
cup this year. Enough- money :has been
promised to begin building, and -the plans
for the challenging craft-are already.be
ing prepared by the celebrated designer
Crowninshield. The boat will probably be
built by Matthew Turner of Benlcia and
will be of the f-enterboard type. • ¦¦¦•,. *4*3
Next Sunday will be 'the opening day of
the California Yacht- Club* on. Oakland
Creek.- There will be a jinks in -the club
house at night. ¦ V ;• . . ¦-.->¦
SPORT OUTLOOK
ON LOCAL AND
OTHER FIELDS
Comment on Events of the
Past, Present and Fu
ture, on Which the
Public Has Its Eues
Without the blare of trumpets, a parade
through the streets or spectacular accom
paniment of any kind the California Base
ball League opened the season of 1901 on
March 31, simultaneously in this city and
Los Angeles. Depending on the success
of last season the league potentates haws
taken big bites out of two new loaves,
of which they feel confident i.ot only of
a complete mastication but also a per
fect digestion. Midweek games and tho
long Los Angeles jump are the new ven
tures. Even at this early date the stamp
of embryonic success has been . attached
to the operation of these plans and it now
devolves upon the league managers to
bui'.d upon the foundation.
The reports show an attendance of 1000
at the Los Angeles game on Thursday
and more than ha!f that number of spec
tators saw the game in this city on that
day. At Los Angeles the baseball game
was of the sensational order— twelve in
nings -with a 3-2 score. The game played
between Oakland and Los' Angeles on tho
opening day ended in a victory for the
visitors with the score reading 1-0. The
fans hereabouts read of these games with
belching eyes colored with all the green
and yellow of an envv that is noisx- an«*
strident In Its expression. So far the
opening has been what is proverbiallv
termed auspicious. When the boycott is
removed the sailing will be clear and 021
a fair sea. Let the r-laving be of good
quality. Success, financial and otherwise,
will then attend the season for a surety.
• • •
From all four Quarters the wind whis-.
ties around the head of the Terrible'Ted
dy, the small man who is a pugilistic
constellation in himself. McGovern, Mc-
Govern. McGovern. "til! the last syllable
of recorded time." Every prize fichter
who drops into this city or who arrive.?
here with malice aforethought and who
is ten pounds heavier or ten pounds
lighter than McGove> - n wants some club
or other to give him a match. Terribla
Teddy will fight Gardiner on April 30 be
fore the Twentieth Century Club. After
that he may or may not fight Frank Erne.
The latter has been hibernating in this
oity and when - approached "Will put his
hand over his heart and swear on the
eternal altars of truth that his sole pugil
istic ambition is to jnet-t again the leveled
cf them all. Jim Kehntdv. who is the
matchmaker of the Twentieth Centurv
Club, says that Erne will be given the
chance in pood time and at his own con
ditions. What. 'then, the public wants to
know, is the' hindrance?' Frank Erne at
122 and Terry McGovern are names to
conjure spirits with and draw the money
right out of the public's pocket.
• *. •
Once again the heavy-weights take to
the pen and sign ihe papers that some
day in the far and distant future may re
sult In a fight. Ruhim and Jeffries ar»
anxious to fight, so they say. If it be true
the battle will in all probability be de
cided on local sod. When the bidding on
this fight is thrown open to the clubs
Harry Corbett may be in line with an
offer or two as well as the National or
Twentieth Century. The fight programme
for the next few months' seems to be Mc-
Govern-Gardiner in April and McGovern-
Erne in June. There is a strong likelihood
that Jeffries and Ruhlin will be face to
face In a local ring some time In August.
The college athletes are now in thi
midst of their field and track and diamond
troubles. The first of the three intercol
legiate baseball Fames between Stanford
and California will be played this after
noon at Berkeley. Toward the end of the
month the annual intercollegiate field day
will wind up the s=prins sports and sand
wiched in between track and diamond
events will be the tennis tournament.
California is rated as the stronger -in
baseball. In regard to the track sports
there is much concern felt at 'both seats
of California college athietics. The strug
gle for tennis honors will also be close
ar.d hard fought.
¦ • • -.-.• ¦• ' •
Perhaps most popular recreational
sport engaging the attention and time of
the young men of this city is handball.
Every day brings new converts to the
game and on all sides is heard the tal«£
of tournaments and match earnes. . The
game has grown to such proportions in
this city that it has displaced all othor
indoor, contests and modes of gvmnastio
exercises. The Olympic Club, the Occi
dental and the San Francisco Club are
tbe three hotbeds of handball in this city
and in their courts tournaments are
played that surpass any other indoor
contests In Interest or excitement.
GOLFERS FORM
PACIFIC COAST
ORGANIZATION
Hpme and Horns Tourna
* ..ment Between San Fran
cisco and Cakland Clubs
to Be Played at Presidio
At last a golf championship of the Pa
cific Coast has become a possibility. After
negotiations extending over a considerable
period a Northern California Golf Asso
ciation, similar to the already existing
Southern California Golf Association, has
been formed with the following officers:
P. E. Bowles, president; J. W. Byrne,
vice president; Andrew Carrigan, secretary
and treasurer; H. M. A. Miller. W. P.
Johnson, Warren Gregory and T. P.
Gower, .members of the executive com
mittee.
The golf associations of Northern and
Southern California have been united in
the Pacific Golf Association, which is to
include all the golf clubs of California,
Oregon. Washington and British Colum
bia, The officers of this are as follows:
"President, Hush Tevis; vice president,
John B. Miller; secretary and treasurer,
T. P. Gower; members of executive com
mittee — R. H. Hay-Chapman, Charles E.'
Maud. Charles K. Orr. F. S. Stratton and
four representatives of the Pacific North
west Golf Association. The association
will have two classes of members—asso
ciate clubs, taking part in the manage-"
ment, and allied clubs, entitled to enter
tournaments, but not to a share in the
direction of affairs.
The new association will hold its first
championship tournament on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club on April 24,
25, 26 and 27. It will be for men and it
is confidently expected that the most not
able golfers cf the Pacific Coast will take
part. Entries, accompanied by the en
trance fees, must be made with .». T. P.
Gower, secretary of the asscciation, not
later than 5 p. m. on Wednesday, April 17,
through the secretary of the club to which
the intending competitor belongs. Fur
ther details of this, the first Pacific Coast
golf championship competition, will be
given later.
The first half of the second home and
home match between teams of six men
representing the Oakland and San Fran
cisco Golf clubs will be played this after
noon on the Presidio links, beginning at
2 o'clock.
The San Francisco .representatives will
be chosen from the following: John Law
son, B. D. Adamson, J. W. Byrne, the
Rev. H. W. L. O'Rourke. L. O. Kellogg,
S. L. Abbott Jr., H. D. Pillsbury and H.
C. Golcher. The team will lack the ser
vices of H. B. Goodwin, who- during an
absence from the city contracted a bad
cold and has been kept to the house. John
Lawson will be piloting a big horse this
morning in the point to point hunt at Bur
lingame, and though riding a steeplechase
is not good preparation for a golf match
it is understood that he will be on hand
to play for the San Francisco Golf Club.
The Oakland team will be selected from
the following: W. P. Johnson, E. R.' Fol
ger, C. P. Hubbard, F. S. Stratton, R. M.
Fitzgerald, T. R. Hutchinson, P. E.
Bowles Jr.. Arthur Goodall and J. Ames,
The first interclub match of this season
was won 10 up by the San Francisco Golf
Club, and it is probable that the Presidio
men will r>ut a few holes to their credit
in this afternoon's play. . The Presidio
course is In fine condition, but the greens
are treacherously . fast and the strong
winds already prevalent are disconcerting
to visitors.
The second half of the home and home
tournament between the San Francisco
and Oakland Golf clubs will take place
next Saturday, April 13, on the Point Ad-
This morning at 10 o'clock, on the links
of the San Rafael Golf Club, there will be
a handicap) over, nine holes, match play,
against bogey for women. At 2 in the aft
ernoon the men will hold a handicap over
eighteen holes against bogey. The men's
best ball tournament recently- held at San
Rafael was won by J. J.- Crooks with a
"score of 87 less 3. 84 for eighteen holes,
R. Gilxnan Brown beins second with a
gross and net score of 95. This puts J. J.
Crooks among the scratch players of the
San Rafael Golf Club, together with E. J.
McCutchen and R. G. Brown.
BERKELEY. April 5.— California
expects to be at the big end of
the score when the baseball game
between the State University and
Stanford will have been finished
to-morrow afternoon on the college dia
mond. The feeling of confidence, how
c-ver, is mixed with the realization that a
little bad playing and a little bad luck
CAPTALY HUNTER, CALIFORNIA.
•'Service Is a model for us all and Cali
fornia is proud of him. Personally I wish
all the athletes were like him."
Service tun you get a very good imitation
° "Service' is to be congratulated on usin?
his head and in the work he is doing at
present. He is honest and conscientious
in everything he undertakes and to his
good common sens* must be attributeu
his ability as a runnt-r. When I first cam?
here this year I had only to change one
or two minor details or faults. \v hen he
is told to do work you never have to
watch him for he dace it.
"His mile Saturday was splendid work,
running alone as he did for three laps.
Considering this with the fact that he did
not attempt to fintsh fast we can see bet
ter time some day.
Walter Christie, the university trainer,
who has Service under his care, said of
him: "My first advice to Roy Service was
given to him at Princeton last May when
the California team was East. Yale had
just met^ California and won. A few days
elapsed and the Blue and Gold boys came
to Princeton and made their home with
the Tigers. For wme weeks after our
meet, which took place a week af t~r
Yale's. I sort of fell into giving advice to
the California boys. One day when Ser
vice came and asked what he ought to do
I looked around and saw Johnnie Cregan,
Princeton's captain and wonderful dis
tance man, at work and simply told Ser
vice to tack on to him. stay with him.
watch him, copy him. Now when you see
Young" Service is from the Modesto High
School. He .did not enter the athletic field
until he came to co-lfge three years agix
Then he immediately became Identified
with California's best distance men.
His mile run mad? in 4:32 4-5 establishes
a new college record over E. J. Brown's
mile at 4:38 2-5 and beats Dave Brown'3
coast record of 4:36.
The time R. R. , Service, the University
of CaUfornia distance man, made in th*
mile run during the university champion
ship field .day of last week may not be
allowed to stand as tbe coast record. Ac
cording to ruling all sucn records must
be made in open meeting. By "open meet
ing" it is meant that at least two dif
ferent organizations must be in compe
tition. There is a possibility that the
classes may' be considered as different-or
ganizations .and his record be allowed to
stand on 'that ground. This seems uu
likely as the field day was not an inter
class affair. So confident are Service's
supporters of his ability to lower "his own
time at the first opportunity that no great
effort will be mada to have hig present
time placed as a coast record.
CHRISTIE THINKS
SERVICE SURE TO
BEAT HIS RECORD
Overall or Xurse... Pitcher Parker
HuSter Shortstop Edwards
Cardiner First base Cowden
Kins Second base.. .Misner
Braley Third base Murphy
Kennedy ...Left field Lowenthal
Uamlln ....Center Held Bannett
McKeown. Right field Syraond3
take his 100-yard and 220-yard men up to
the Berkeley . oval so that they may get
acquainted with the track, preparatory to
the intercollegiate field meet which will
be held there on April 20.
The teams will line up:
California, Positions. Stanford.
Smith......... ..Catcher Ball
the score in the game with Berkeley to
morrow It 'will not be his fault. -
The line-up of the team as given out this
morning has two changes, both of which
are entirely satisfactory to the fans on
the bleachers. Parker will be in the box
for at least the first half of the game
or as long as his arm holds out. Ben
nett,, a pitcher of equal ability and with
some more puzzling curves, will be placed
in right field and ready to take Parker's
place on the slab should occasion demand.
The team selected "contains the strong
est batting material that Stanford could
possibly get., together, and these men
should be able to connect with the sphere
with some degree of certainty.
On Saturday Track Captain Stewart will
Blue and Gold Fanatics Conflilent of Victory on Account. of Form
Showing— Cardinal 'Rooters Trust to Hope and Luck.
on Berkeley's part will send the cardinal
men homeward rejoicing. From compari
sons of games played and of the individ
ual ability of each man on the two teams
California's supporters maintain that the
local nine is the superior.
• Practice has been rather light this week,
most of the time being bestowed upon the
••fine points" and stickwork. Coach
Borchers and ( Trainer Christie have got
the men in good shape and some lively
work is looked for.
Smith's foot is about well rid of its re
cent blood-poisoning. He was on the dia
mond atternoon for the lirst
practice of nearly two weeks. To-morrow
will see him in his old position behind the
bat. Phelan stands ready to take Smith s
place in case the sore foot proves too
troublesome, but it is very unlikely that
he will get the opportunity, for Smith's
pluck will hold out even if his foot should
go back on him.
Overall and Nurse will pitch. It has not
been decided which will go into the box
lirst, but the length of his stay will de
pend upon the work he does. ';,
Captain Hunter Vili play his position
at shortstop. Coach Borchers is enthusi
astic over Hunter's ability ' and declares
that he occupies' his place in'a style equal
to any professional in the country. He is
gcod at the bat: and a swift runner.
Gardiner on first and Braley on third are
superior basemen to King at Second.
Gardinec is especially good at the bat_;
Braley occasionally has the appearance
of slumbering during a game, but he man
ages to keep one eye on the ball. •
flamlin is a star fielder and a safe hit
ter.
McKeown has become like a new man
at right -field. His inclination for rest
was taken out of him by Christie in a
heart to heart talk. His latent ability is
now showing itself and he plays with a
snap unsuspected of him. Flies into Jeft
field will be cared for by Kennedy.
There 'has* been but little change in the
first nin<? Since practice commenced this
season. Some of the positions, have, been
changed and one or two men- have' pone
out, but the team that will play .Stanford
to-morrow will be composed practically
of the men who took the lead In the game
early in the play. . „ •'..-• • \
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 5.—
The varsity nine has spent the. week's va
cation in hard practice Upon, the diamond
and should have the fine "points of the
game at their command. Coach Murphy,
has given the men his best efforts,' an'd" if
they do not pull ,out on the long end of
STANFORD AND CALIFORNIA PRIMED
FOR INTERCOLLEGIATE BASEBALL GAME
THE SAl^FKAJN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 1901.
SPORTS COLLEGE ATHLETICS - COURSING - YACHTING
CAPTAIN EDWARD, STANFORD.
/
4At the San Francisco handball courts
lhe following- garnes will be played to
morrow: G. B. Hay ward and W. Walsh
vs. W. Fishor and M. Joyce; D. Connelly
and M. Basch vs. W. Williams and J.
Lawless; ML Mahor and T. Maher vs. M.
McNeil and T. Finn; E. Barry and J.
Kirlty vs. D. Regan and J. Foley; M.
•Dillon and P. Kelly vs. A. Pennoyer and
G. Hutchinson: A. McVieker and T.
Tx?ach vs. J. Oondon and T. Lydon; J.
Iliordan and K. Curley vs. J. Harlow and
E. Maloney: J. White and R. Murphy vs.
J. Collins and W. Maguire; J. C. Nealon
end R. Linehan vs. M. J. Kllgallon and
A. Hampton.
liansome and Rosenfeld {12 aces) de
feated - Bocknan and Shortall ' (12 aces)
by a score of 51 to 39. The winning team
played a consistent game. Shortall did
some clever work, but . was unable to
stave oil defeat. Cartwright and Starr
(scratch) defeated Newman and Pock
witz by a score of 51 to 46. Th game
was full of brilliant plays and aroused
a lot of enthusiasm.
The concluding game of the night was
full of vim. Fitzpatrick and Cunning
ham (12 aces) made a "Garrison" finish
and won a hard fought victory from
M^lrose and Slcvin (.12 aces).
The following games arc scheduled for
to-morrow afternoon:
Bowman and Curley vs. Powers and
'Jreen (15 aces): Crable and Kennedy vs.
Mai Ion and Tait; Gleason and Levy vs.
Rans'jme and Rosenfeld (12 aces); Cava
naugh and Forbes (15 aces) vs. Ebner
nnd Burke: Cartwright and Starr vs.
Fritz and Bree.
The first game of the night was be
tween Messrs. Powers and Green and
Jake Oleason and l^oule fj&ry. The for
mor team won by one point in the closest
fjame played during the present tourna
msiiL Glciison and l^evy. played.au-up
liili fame and. although defeated, de
serve the highest credit for their coura
geous work, as they gave their oppo
nents fifteen jwints handicap. With the
*corc standing 49 to 3S. Gealson went- in
and earned 3 points. He was retired on
a clever "kill" by Powers, and then his
partner went in. Levy rubbed his hands
."nd looked red fire and then ran the
score up to 50. One point was all that was
needed. Then his nerve gave out. Green
went in and secured the necessary two
points and victory. Green's playing was
of high order and he was ably supported
by Powers. They should make a good
showing- in the tournament. The strain
on I>evy and Gleason was too severe and
detracted from their usual skillful play.
Close scores were the rule at the hand
ball tournament games played last night
in the regulation court of the Olympic
Club. The games were highly exciting
and the spectators were kept in a fever
of expectancy throughout the evening.
HANDBALL TOURNEY-
XEW YORK. April 5.— After a close and
escitlng- finish of the shoot off, miss and
out of the twenty-two ties in the Grand
American Handicap, Eugene C. Griffith of
Pascoag, R, I., won with a total of 43
straight kills at Interstate Park, L. I.
Twenty-two men tied for first honors with
25 kills each and In the shoot-off Griffith,
who was on the 28-yard mark, outpointed
all his opponents by killing- his eighteenth
bird. The victory of the New Englander
was a complete surprise to the majority
of the contestants as well as to the spec
tators. The winner holds the State cham
pionship of Rhode Island for shooting at
inanimate targets, but has not been promi
nent as a live-bird trap shooter. He said
to-day that he had not shot at more than
300 live birds in his career at the traps.
Last year he took part In the Grand
American Handicap contest and killed 22
out of 25, and this was his most successful
rffort at live birds until to-day. Griffith
received $600 in cash and the silver cup
presented by the Interstate Association.
Next to the winners the shooting done
by J. T. D. Morrison of St. Paul, who
stood a yard farther back than Griffith,
was the most meritorious. Morrison
killed 17 and went out on his eighteenth,
which was a very difficult bird. Morrison
received the second prize of $600 in cash,
n. R. Rahm of Pittsburgr. Pa., who was
handicapped at 27 yards, failed on the fif
teenth round of the shoot-off and re
ceived 5400 in cash as third prize. The
other nineteen shooters received sums
ranging from $225 to $72. according to the
position in which they finished.
To-morrow the Gllman-Burns Interna
tional trophy will be shot for, the condl
110ns of the event being 25 birds, $15 en
trance, handicaps from 23 to 33 yards, four
moneys, class shooting". There will also
be the Sportsmen's Association trophy
handicap under the same conditions, and
in case time permits there will be miss
and out events to suit the shooters.
Following is a, list of the shooters who
took part in the shoot-off for the Grand
American:
C. C. Nauman, San Francisco, 28 yards; Dr.
.1. G. Knowlton. New York City, 29 yards; A.
M. Fox, Baltimore. SO yards; R. 1. Pierce,
Wytheville. Va., 29: R. B. Bond, Jessup. Md..
::. J. T. IX Morrison. St. Paul. 29: W. D.
Tovnuend, Omaha, 27; R. Rahm, Pittsburg, 27;
Henry O. L . Newark, 28; ChrUt Gott
liob. Kansas City, 29; F. C. McKay. Minne
apolis. 27; J. L.. Alabaster, Chicago, 27; R.
It. Merrill, Milwaukee. £9; E. S. Johnson, At
l«ntlo City, 28; J. B. Barto. Chicago, 2S; F. S.
Parmlee, Omaha. 30; C. W. Felgenspan, New
ark. 30; O. A. Ix>ckwood, Jamaica, L.. I., 26;
H. Trumbauer, Royceford. Pa., 28; C. E. Grieff,
New York »; K. C. Griffith, Pascoag. R. L.
LX and Kd Hickman, Kansas City, 28.
Eucrene C. Griffith of Rhode
Island, Practically Inex
perienced as a Live-Bird
Shot, Wins the Evenl
DARK HORSE
CAPTURES THE
BIG HANDICAP
ises Are Ransacked.
LITTLE MOUNTAIN, Ohio. April 5.—
While the family of John Lemon was en
tertaining some neighbors last night three
men. supposed to be members of the ganjr
that robbed the Chardon bank on Wednes
day night, rapped at the door and asked
for food. Upon being refused the strangers
drew revolvers and emptied them into the
dwelling. The occupants escaoed through
a door and none were struck. At day
break Lemon returned, to find his houso
ransacked and $100, all the money he had.
missing. The country for miles around
has been aroused, and an armed posse of
farmers, with dogs. Is searching for th»
robbers. Little Mountain is four miles
north of Chardon.
Supposed Bobbers Fire Into a House,
Occupants Hurry Out and Prem-
ESCAPE THE BULLETS
BUT LOSE THE COI2T
WASHINGTON, April 5.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Navy— Rush R. Wallace Jr., to bo a first
lieutenant in the marine corps: John S.
Doddridge, to be a lieutenant: Thomas I..
Stitt. to be an ensign: Conrad W. L. Jung
quist, to be a gunner: Clayton P. Hand,
a carpenter; Frederick R. Hazzard. a
boatswain: Arthur Smith, to be a boat
swain; Osborne Deignan. to be a boat
swain.
Osborne Deignan. who Is appointed
boatswain, is one of the sailors who ac
companied Naval Constructor Hobson on
the famous Merrimac expedition Into San
tiago Bay while the harbor was being
blockaded by the American fleet. It was
the desire of the President ¦ to reward
Deignan for his bravery on that occasion
by. appointing- him a naval cadet at Ann
apolis, but it was found that he was not
eligible.
of the Merrimac Expedition,
" v r Receives Reward.
Osborne Deignan, One of the Heroes
COMPANION OP HOBSON
IS MADE A BOATSWAIJT
The trout season, which opened on Mon
day last. and. which gave promise of be
ing exceptionally good In its first stages,
has proved no better than many of Its
precursors, although those few ardent
anglers" who were able to get away dur
ing the first days returned to town in a
satisfied state of mind.
At Point Reyes a number of enthusiast!
gathered last Monday. C. Precht was on
hand with shrimp bait: DolHver had along
his favorite spoon ; John. Butler, of « jurse,
could not Keep away, nor could Louis
Rondau, John : Gallagher. W: Patterson
and other noted fishermen. W. Patterson
-was "hig"h hook": with live fine steelheads.
which ranged from one to three and a
half pounds. . He used a plain hook ami
a common earthworn and hooked seven
fish, losing two. Charley Precht. who
used a shrimp bait, landed a five-pound
fish, and Dolliver. working a spoon,
caught one of similar size. Kenneth -went
home happy with a four-pound flsh. while
John Butler had to content himself with a
few small fellows. These tishermen were all
fishing in tidewater. Patterson hooked
his steelheada in the well-known pool
known as the White House. The tUle
was high and a strong breeze from tho
northwest was blowing. The outlook for
good sport with the game steelhead at
Point Reyes was never better.
Reports from Cloverdale and that vi
cinity are fair. T. Shaw caught 125 fine
trout in Squaw Creek during the first part
of the week. The streams are In good
condition and the catches have averageU
fairly well.
The deputy fish commissioners of the
various counties are having a time of it
with the fisherman who willfully or
through ignorance violate the fish laws.
Over in Marin several arrests have been
made.
The rain last night came as a pall to th«
anglers who contemplate a trip for to-day
and to-morrow. Many who would hav»
cast their first flies this season will now
wait for a clearing.
T>» i_ tart- * ¦ ¦
Fishermen Who . Are
WlirDDinu the Mearbu
Streams Not Overjoued
With Earlu Prospects
FIRST CATCHES ;
OF THE SEASON ;
ARE ONLY FAIR
You can tell the size of a woman's heart
by her muff and the size of her soul by her
hat.
The. ordinary beer glass, is regulated by
law in. Bavaria, and must, hold exactlv
half a litre,; or nearly -nine-tenths of a
pint.
TOLEDO,'. Ohio, : April - 5.— The Bee "pub
lishes a* story to-day to the effect" that
Dr. Ash, a former^ resident of ; this'.city,
has just sold to ¦ John D.: Rockefeller for
$1.000.000 . 160 acres 'in : Northern Wisconsin
which .Dr. : Ash i purchased . in ' 1SS4 • for $1000
on ' r speculation.'. ¦ • The -tract \ is ;¦ said : to . in
clude a natural harbor.r
Great Gain on: His Purchase.
Ended in, a Draw.
| MILWAUKEE, Wis., , April 5.-Ofo
Zeiloff of Chicago and' Percy Queenan 'of
Milwaukee -.fought six • last rounds to a
draw • before the Milwaukee Boxing Club
to-night. The decision should have gone
to Zeiloff, ¦?¦ as ' be had :. the better ; of the
bout all the way through. ; - •
' Chief Haager ; says his objection arises
from' the crowd of undesirable persons, if
not factual criminals, that', are attracted,
among others,, by a. heavy-weight contest
between prominent pugilists.; He says that
at". the ¦¦ recent; meeting in Chicago of the
Chiefs;. of Police, of. ., the country ,. Chief
Deltzenof Cincinnati ; told of. tho trouble
he •" experienced ' ineideni.; to ¦ the : iRuhlin-
Jeffrles affair. ! and ' that • every; chief pres
ent; declared .his* city would not .-permit a
contest ( between heavy-wef zhts.
I LOUISVILLE, - Ky., April 5.— Chief, of
Police Haager said to-night that he does
not approve of , the . Kid McCoy-Peter ; Ma
her boxing contest announced ¦ for , Louis
ville April 29, but that -he does not knovo
whether he can ~prevent t it. :
¦Will Oppose the Fight.
NEW YORK, April 5.— President Eb
betts of the Brooklyn National . League
Club. has succeeded in reclaiming Scheck
ard from the Baltimore ' League " Club.
Since signing with Manager McGraw
Scheckard" has -been uncertain' as to the
legality of his action. , To-day, - in com
pany with President Ebbetts. he waited
on counsel for the National 7 League and
was assured that his "American League
contract was invalid. This opinion satis-^
tied Scheckard,- and he.- at once notified
President Ebbetts that he would play for
Brooklyn this season, r ; •
SCHECKARD RECLAIMED
San, Jose is now the center of activity
in^cyclesracing. The cement track is be
ing, used every day by the professionals
for training purposes, and , the meet last
Sunday was so successful that several
others have been planned, including abltr
meet- about May 15 during: the -festival
which is being arranged in honor of the
expected visit o<" President McKinley
The annual meeting of the California
Associated Cyclists -will be held:Tuesday
evening, April lti, at the Olympic Club.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
to Petaluma to-morrow under Captain A.
E. J. Nye, taking the 8 a. m. Tiburoii
boat. This will be the Jirst run of the club
tp Petaluma ;n four years. The riding
distance is about twenty-two miles each
way from San. Rafael. The club will hold
another ten-mile handicap on April 14
The Olympic Clrfb Wheelmen will "not
hold a road race to-morrow, but have one
scheduled for a week from Sundav The
regular meeting of the wheelmen "will be
held next Tuesday evening.
There is talk of : reopening the Velo
drome track at Elmhurst with a race
meet, at which some of the stars now at
San Jose will compete, including Nelson.
Cooper, Freeman. Downing and other
crack professionals. •
CYCLING NOTES.
Precursor ran a vastly improved race
under poor handling, and ought to be a
hard horse to beat- next time out. •
There was some talk of a match race
after the Kenilworth- Waring finish, but
it all ended in cmoke. Harry Stover said
Sam Hildreth wanted his colt to concede
fifteen pounds or so to Waring, which he
refused, to do.
Barney Schreiber grew tired of backing
Companion at short prices, and yesterday
saw her come home first at 11' to"l without
having bet so much as a postajge stamp on
her chances.
O'Connor and Mounce each piloted a
brace of winners.
The record for two-year-olds over a
straightaway course of 52 seconds is held
by Handpress,. made at Morris Park in
1S97. ¦- . ¦ . ¦
By defeating . Waring Stover's' crack
sprinter celebrated her eighth consecutive
victory. The brown colt has been started
fourteen times in California, of * which
number she has nine times been declared
the winner.
Track Notes.
Him Are False.
NEWARK, N. J., April 5.— Charles I.
Poller, the young real estate operator,
who' fled from New York several months
ago after raising, it is alleged, about $100,
000 on promissory notes purporting to be
signed or indorsed by well-known business
men of this city, was arraigned to-day be
fore Judge Skinner to plead to a dozen in
dlctmenta charging him with forgery and
uttering forged notes. Poller pleaded not
guilty -and- was committed to jail In de
fault of J10.000 bail. Poller arrived from
Los Angeles last night, j . .
Duke of Corn-wall at Aden.
ADEN, : April 5.— The steamer Ophir,
with the. Duke, and Duchess of Cornwall
and-York on board, -which arrived here
to-dayl received the usual salutes and the
customary official visits' were exchanged.
The Duke and' Duchess are in excellent
health and are enjoying ¦ their trip. The
Ophir on April 1 passed the steamer In
dia in the Gulf of Suez, with Lady Cur
zon. wife '• of the Viceroy of India, on
board. , ; > The two steamers- exchanged
greetings. ' - '^fTnirr lillllll IIIIHrtMTtitiBr
Charles Poller, Former Real Estate
Operator, Says Charges Against
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER -
PLEADS NOT GTJILT7
English Periodical Has- Sympathy
With Any Attempt Made to Ar
rest Its Application.
/LONDON, April 5.— The Saturday Rc
.view,. still smarting under the sting of
what it calls "Cleveland's Insolent Mes
sage," discusses the American-Venezuelan
relations arid says:
"We have little sympathy for the Vene
zuelan Government, but have the deepest
sympathy with any attempt to arrest the
wholesale application of Monroeism that
is practiced in the United States./ It
menaces, the legitimate development of
European countries and we have reason
to know it excites tne gravest apprehen
sion in governing circles in Germany. In
any case, the irony of the political
nemesis was rarely more delightfully ap
parent than- under the present condition
of affairs, and we wait developments with
no less amusement than Interest."
NEW YORK. April 5.— At the French
consulate to-day it was denied that Comte
Robert de Pomeru, a . member of the
French Chamber of Deputies, would, un
der the law of that country, be considered
legally married simply because a woman
whom he had never seen or heard of be
fore said she had been wedded to him in
New York in 1892, and showed a certificate
bearing his name. ' -
"It Is absurd to think of such a thing,"
said an officer connected with the consu
late. "The fact is. this woman is the vic
tim of a rascal who assumed the Comte's
name and title*." •
The' Comte is a bachelor. Recently he
received a letter from a woman signing
herself Lizzie de Pomeru, who reproached
him bitterly for having deserted her after
marrying her in New York. The Comte
was in Rouen, France, on April 19, 1892,
the date- of ¦ the marriage. He will have
the claim set aside by the Tribunal of the
Seine. (r-. . . '- ¦• • .
CAULS MONROE DOCTRINE
* A MENACE TO ETJBOPE
Robert de Pomeruof th« Chamber of
Deputies Will Appeal to a
Court.
FRENCH COUNT IGNORES
A CLAIM OF A WOMAN
. BOSTON, April 5.— Thomas W. Lawson
has accepted an offer of the Kentucky
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association for
a match at Lexington. Ky.. in October
between Boralma and The Abbott for $10.
000 a side, the association to add one-half
the gate receipts for that day, winner to
take all.
BIG OFFER FOR THE
ABBOTT AND BORALMA
The entries for the show close at the of
fice of the Kennel Club at 14 Post street
on April 27.
Among the valuable trophies offered .13
the president's cup, which A. B. Spreckela
offers for the best St. Bernard in the
show. Then Joseph L. Eppinger and Leon
L. Greenebaum both give silver trophies
for the prize winners of this breed and the
St. Bernard Club of. California offers a
long, list of special prizes, in addition to
those of the Kennel Club.
number of. special trophies for prize wi;
ners of this breed.
Rowing is growing more popular among
the '¦ students of the University of Cali
fornia, who are being coached by J. W.
Goodwin. Ah interclass regatta will be
held on Saturday, April 13, on Oakland
Creek, and the results of the. races on
that day will guide the selection of the
men to represent the boat club of the
university in the coming contests with the
oarsmen of the University of Washington;
The first rowing club in the city to hold
races this season will be the South End,
at the meeting of which last Tuesday X>r.
C. C. Dennis, Charles Jenkins and C. E.
A. Creighton were appointed a committee
to-get.up, with the assistance of Captain
E. Scully, a club regatta. There will.be
barge races and contests In outrigged
skiffs'.. Al Rogers is repairing the club
boats and "has taken a contract to keep
them, in good order throughout the sea
son. The races will be held on Sunday.
April 28, and are intended to stir up -a
rowing .spirit among the .members, who
have Deen growing apathetic. The crews
have not yet been selected, but the cap
tain will notify those men whom -he con
siders suitable and will have them out for
practice to-morrow. ' The regatta com
mittee will be glad to have the members
of other clubs present at the clubhouse on
Ar>ril 2S. : : : I ¦',< ¦ ' ' ..
rhe Harbor Commissioners, in accord
ance with recent legislation, have granted
a site for a boathouse to the South Ends.
It is to the north of the Union Iron
Works. ' • :¦ ' . ', ¦¦• - • ¦ ¦
The Tritons at their last meeting accept
ed- an offer from the- Luning estate of a
piece of. property near the foot of Larkin
street- and levied an assessment of $10 on
each: member- to defray the cost of re
moving to the new ¦site. The site offers
good opportunities for bathing.
¦ The Harbor Commissioners handed the
petition of the Ariel Rowing Club for. a
site for a boathouse. to Chief Wharfinger
Percy Henderson, who - went over the
ground-in company -with representatives
of the club and expressed himself in favor
of the site requested, between Long bridge
and. the Arctic Oil Works wharf . - At the
next ; meeting of the, Harbor Commission
ers-, the Ariel r representatives will be
granted a hearing,' and it is believed that
the club 'will get the site asked for.
¦BOSTON,' April 5.— The . forfeit money
for: the big three-cornered race between
Boralma, Cresceus and Charley Herr is
now "in* the hands of John E. Thayer,
president | of the New England Trotting
Horse. Breeders' Association. Mr. Lawson
of Boston, George L. Ketcham of Toledo
and David Cahill of Lexington,* Ky., the
owners of the three horses, have each
posted' the required forfeit money, $3500
aiiece. The remainder of the $30,000 stake,
under the terms of the race, is to be post
ed the night before the race. The race
will take place on September 6 and will
be the best three in five heats. Besides
the $10 000 each owner puts up Mr. Lawson
gives an extra purse of $20,000. The money
is to be divided thus: $30,000 to the first
horse, $20,000 to the second. Mr. Ketcham
and Mr. Lawson posted their money on
March 29 and Mr. Cahill, sent his on
April 2.' .¦'..
AMONG THE OARSMEN.
ALL THE FORFEIT
MONEY IS POSTED
fi=ry^ HE P remium llst ot the San Fran 
¦ Cisco Kennel Club is just out and
" I ~ it provides for 286 classes in the
' 11 - bench show to be held In Mechan
- . , ics' Pavilion on May 8, 9, 10 and
11/' The show promises to eclipse any
thing, of the kind ever held in the "West,
because all of the fanciers are anxious., to
show under J. J. Lynn of Port Huronand
Harry Jarrett of Philadelphia. The own
ers of setters, pointers, bull-terriers, fox
terriers and Boston terriers are especial
ly pleased.- In the fox-terrier division,
aside from the smooth-coats, there will be
at -least twelve of the wire-hair variety,
the largest: number of thi3 breed ever
shown, here. , ¦ ' : , , ,
There is to be lively competition in the
St. Bernard classes. Philip C. Meyer yes
terday received' two new dogs of thi3
breed for the show. One he secured
direct from -Switzerland. This is the
rough-coated St. Bernard Berline and Mr.
Meyer is very" anxious to see how this
perfect specimen of the Swiss type will
be received by the judges. She is of per
fect color and'has no defects in conforma
tion, but her head, like all of the Swiss
dogs; differs from the English standard,
and -this Is why fanciers are looking for
ward to the exhibition of Mr. Meyer's im
portation before Judge Lynn. The other'
St Bernard added to the Meyer kennels is
the- smooth' coat Miss Barry, which
reached here yesterday from the Alto
Kennels; in New York. ,' ' .
-The bull-terrier. men are very enthusias
tic and- the entry will be large, i At the
meeting of the Pacific Bull-Terrier Club,
held this week, it was decided to give a
TANFORAN PARK— Friday. April 5,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2248. FIRST RACE-Five furlongs; selling;
three-year-old fillies; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. >,i. Str.. Fin.
2140 Companion, lC3...Domnk 2 I U 13 14.
2014 Chaste, 104 O'Connor 1 2 4-23.22
2236 Cath. Bravo, 100.... Weir 4 4 2 3 5 36:
2236 Cou. Carrie, m.Wedsfd 6 7 2 5 2 4 3
2162 Luca. 100 ;W. Flynn 7 5 2 4 h 5 1
2162 Carrie Lucas, 10O.....SeelO. 9 % 6 3 6 1
2196 Illusion, . 100 Ranseh 9 10 • 7 2. 75:
2204 Skip Me. 112 Mounce 8 8 h 8 2 82 :
1638 Scotch Belle, 100.... Bell 5 6 V2 9 8 3 6.
2045 Eldred, 112 Conley 3 3 1 10 10 '
Time— V,. :23%: %, :35%; %, 1:00«£. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
T. & A. Schreiber's ch. f. by Servlce-Derfargilla.
Companion away flying. Chaste ran gamely.
Cousin Carrie mixed up at start. Skip Me
flat-footed when barrier went up. Eldred cut
off. Scratched — Katherine limits 100, Lucera
1C0.
Betting— Companion, 10: Chaste. 7-2: Cather
ine Bravo, .40; Cousin Carrie, 13; Luca, 50;
Carrie j Lucas, 50; Illusion, 20; Skip Me, 1;
Scotch Belle, 50; Eldred, 13. :
2249. SECOND RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str.- Fin.
(2222)Brunswick. 103..O'Connr 4 2 1 H4 12
2232 Rory Ough, 118... Thorpe 111 2322:
2232 Huaehuca, 112 Conley 2 '3 >& 3 3 3 4
2116 Jar. d'Or, 109. .Dominick 3 4 4 4
Time-3-16, . :17%; 5-1G, :29&; 9-16. :53%. Bad
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. g. by St. Carlo-
Sloe. . Brunswick won at leisure. Rory Ough
showed remarkable improvement over his pre
vious race. Scratched— Maraschino 112, Legal
Maxim 115, Water Scratch 105.
Betting — Brunswick, j 1-2: Rory Ough, 10;
Huaehuca. 15; Jarretiere d'Or, 16-3.
225O. THIRD RACE— One mile and an
eighth; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 9400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 1,4. Str. Fin.
2234 Don Luis, 6, 112.. Ranseh 4 2 2,31 1 ns
2234 Lizzella, a, 110.. Mounce 1 3 2 2 h 2 n
2187 Rio Shannon, 4. 121. Dom 2 ll.Hi-34
2222 Precursor. 4, 121 ..O' Con 3 4 n 4 5 4 2'
2234 Chas. Le Bel. 6, 112. Kelly 6 6 f. 10 5 20
2115 Rapldo, a, 112 Stuart 5 52 6 6
Time— %. :13; U. :25;' V>'. :50M; %, 1:16^; mile.
1:41%; l%m,- 1:54%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winer, C. Spooner's ch. g. by
imp. Midlothlan-Alameda. Winner received a
nice ride. Rio Shannon hustled off too fast.
Precursor wretchedly ridden. Le Bel and
Rapido no account.
Betting— Don Luis, 6;' Lizzella, 3; Rio Shan
non.. 5; Precursor, 3-2; Charles Le Bel, 30;
Rapido, 40.
2251. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse, ?400.
Index. Horse,' Wt, Jockey. St. ij. Str. Fin.
( 2215) Kenilworth, 3. 107-Mnce 1 1 n 1 h 1 ns
<1921)Warins, 4, 117.O'Connor 2 2 V% 2 2 2 1
2224 Sad Sam, 3, 104.Wedstd 3 3 5 4 25 3 ns
2224 Headwater, 5, 109.Ransch 4 4 8 3 % 4 30
(2224)Sly. a, 112 Dominick 6 G % 5 6 5 5
2216 Babbler, 5, U2....Phelan 5 6 6 6
Time— >i, :23%; »,£, :47>4: %, 1:12VJ. Bad start.
Won first three driving. Winner, W. H. Ketche
'man's br. c. by imp. Sir Modred-imp. Queen
Bess. Kenilworth outbroke and outgamed War
ing. Headwater ran a remarkable race after
being nearly left. He could have won at half
a furlong further.
Betting— Kenilworth, 16-5; Waring, i 4-5: Sad
Sam, 30; Headwater, 5; Sly, 10; Babbler, 1200.
2252.1 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;, three
year-olds and upward; purse, $350. i
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St^ V 2 . Str. Fin.
2231 Parmenion, 4, 113.0'Conr 7 5 h 2 Vi 1 2
2205 Foul Play, 4, lll..Domk 5 2 h 1 h 2 3
149S Alaska, 6, 116. .H Shields 4 6 h- 4 ',4 3 h
2042 Quibo. 3, 105 Bergen 1 8 2 6l" 44
2230 William F, 4, 113.... See 9 9 5 7 2 5 2
2045 Tristrain. 3, 106..Howell 6 3 1 3h 6 1
2206 S. Lucia, '6, lM.B'ngame 8 4 % 5 >/. 7.%
2208 Mifford, 4, 109. .....Fogg 3 1 Vs 8 1 8 1
2218 Brenhilda. 5, 115.. ..Ruiz 2 72 94 9 5
2042 Carlovignian, 3, 9O.J'ksnlO 11 2 10 4 10 4 :
. 2204 Cantinus, 3, 93.Mathewsll 10 1 11 10 11 10 :
.2212 Roundhead, 3, S3. Ranschl2 12 12 12
Time— 14, ¦ :24%; %, :4Sii; »i, 1:14. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, F. W. Doss
& Co.'s ch. g. by Fonso-Lesbia, O'Connor rode
an excellent race on winner. Foul Play tired
at paddock, after chasing out with Tristrain.
Brenhilda no account.
' Betting— Parmenion, , 7-2; Foul Play, 9-2;
Alaska. 10; Quibo, 10; William F, 15; Tristrain,
10; Santa Lucia, 15; Mifford, 40: Brenhilda, 6;
Carlovignian, 100; Cantinus, 20; Roundhead, 10.
2253. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a six
teenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 3 ,4. Str. Fin.
(2210)Cromwell. a, 113-Mounce 5 5 1 14 18
2238 Lavator, 5, 110.. See 8 7 5 4 1 2 y>
<2238) Walkenshaw, a, 115. Ruiz 6 6 1 3 h. 3 l"
. 2202 Koenig, 5, 110..:..Conley 7 8 5 1 4 1
22^9 Will Fay. 4. lOG.Domnck 4 13 2 ',4 5 3
2238The Buff'n, 4, 106. Ranseh 3 5 h 7 y. 6 1
,(2231)Sil. Garter, 4, 109. Bergen 1 2 ¦ 6 l" 7 6
(221»)Sir Kingstn, 4, HO.O'Con 2 3 h 8 8 ' .
Time— 1-10, :C6%: \i, :25U: M. -ASM: ?i. 1:1514 ;
mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:48%. Good start.' Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner W.
M. Murry's ch. h. by imp. St. Blaise-Flavina.
Cromwell much the best. Lavator came from
far back.' Walkenshaw did his best, probably.
Sir Kingston in poor condition. Scratched
Campus 113. First Call 113.
Betting— Cromwell, 8-5; Lavator, 8; Walken
shaw, 5; Koenig. 100; Will Fay. 23; The Buf
foon, 25; Silver Garter, 25; Sir Kingston, 5-2.
CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
WASHINGTON, April c.— The results of
the racing at Bennings were:
First race six furlonps— Robert "W'addell won.
Moor second. Nitrate third. Time. 1:16 a T u-
Second race, two-year-olds, four furlongs-
Red Damsel won. Miracle II second. Serpent
third. Time. :C1 1-5.
Third race, selling-, seven furlongs— Courtsey
won. The Rog^ie second, Alard third. Time,
1:32. '
Fourth race, selling, seven furlongs—Speed
mas won. Althea second, Tony Llcalzl third.
Titne. 1:31 1-5.
Fifth race. Fix and a half furlongs— Guatama
won. False Alarm second, Mowitzka third.
Time. 1:23 2-5.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and 100 yards-
Scurry won, Charawind second, Klrkwood
third. Time. 1:11.
MEMPHIS, April 5.— Results: First race,
four and a half furlongs— Bridge won, Aransas
second. Ben Hempstead third. Time, :5S%.
Second race, seven furlongs— Dousterswlvcl
won Pirate's Queen second, Weideman third.
Time, 1:30. .
Third race, half mile — Eddie Buseh won. Win
ter Bell second. Old Hutch third. Time. :alVz.
Fourth race, one mile — Farmer Bennett won,
Monos second. Wild Pirate third. Time, 1:43U.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, . sell
ing—Heroics won. Sir Gatian second. Pan
Charm third. Time, 1:43.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — \\ ax
Taper won Margaret Hageman second, , Kspion
age third. Time, 1:28%. •
EASTERN RACES;
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward ; purse.
2224 YeHowtail 10C|(2222)Rosormonde ...110
S185 The Fretter 1151 1849 The Lady 101
Probable Winners.
First race— Thornwild, Birdie Stone, Eonic.
Second race— Corrigan, Tyranus, Royalty.
Third race^ — Sister Jeanie. l}oreen. Zirl.
Fourth race— Periwig, May Boy, Favorito.
Fifth race— Astor, Goldone, Topmast.
Sixth race— The Lady, The Fretter, Yellow
tail.
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward: selling. .
(2223)Goldone 103 2227 Topmast 107
2243 Astor '..107 2220 Edgardo 103
2246 Morinel 102 2247 Alicia ..102
Redwald 113
Fourth race — Steeplechase handicap; short
course: about two miles. » .
..t. Flashlight 1501 21S4 Periwip .'. .145
(2233)Granger 145j 2233 May Boy. 142
1692 Negligence 140) 2184 Mestor .........130
2184 L'd Chesterfl'd.l27l 2208 Favorito 125
Third race— Four and a half furlomrs; two
year-old Fillies' Second Trial stakes.
2243 Zirl 120 (2225)Flora Pomona. .118
<1672)L>oreen US 2237 Lulette .........115
(2O65)Sister Jeanic.llS 2232 Irma A ...1'3
2065 Ishtar ....113 ."
Second race — Four and a half furlongs; Colts''
Second Trial stakes ; - two-year-old , colts and
geldings. V* ,
2223 Mllas ..: :.118i 2232 El Bano... 115
(223T)Barklyite llul 2249 Jarrietiere d'OrllS
2232 Tyranus ........113i 2223 E. M. Brttain.118
2232 Corrigan 123 (2239) Royalty .115
C- —^ RUNSWICK, the clipper-figged
}) son of St. Carlo and Sloe, owned
CyV by Sam Hlldreth, defeated Rory
¦if Ough, Huaehuca and Jarretierre
d'Or in runaway fashion over
four and a half furlongs at Tanforan yes
terday in the remarkaoly fast time of
:53%, a world's record for two-year-olds
at the distance. The record for all-aged
horses at the route is only three-quarters
of a second lower, made by Meadows,
carrying 103 pounds, at Alexander Island,"
a three-quarter mile track, and the mark
has always been shrouded with doubt.
Brunswick, carrying 109 pounds, piloted by
Winnie O'Connor and a 1 to 2 favorite,
had as pacemaker Rory Ough, which beat
the other three starters away two lengths
or more. Not until the stretch was
reached did the favorite take command,
and then he won easily. The track had
been rolled. maKing it lightning fast, the
first sixteenth being reeled off in 6M sec
onds, faster, sa'.d Timer Dick Havey, than
he ever caught a horse before. The win
ner is a superbly turned gelding', possibly
not short enough coupled to suit many,
but possessed of an unlimited supply of
speed. Earlier in the week his present
owner purchased him from A. Josephs for
$3000. The youngster celebrated the
change of ownership by going out and
j beating Corrigan, and" Hildreth won him
out.
A little bit further on this splendid per
formance came very close, to being over
shadowed by the battle royal indulged in
between Waring and Kenilworth in the
six-furlong purse sprint, in which the
coast record oM:12V& was equaled. When
the entries came out Harry Stover saw
that his "bird" had dropped into a hard
spot, and tried to get tne brown colt ex
cused, but the judges failed to see it that
way. Besides this precocious pair, Head
water. Sly and Sad Sam were' present.
Waring, carrying 117 pounds, opened a 3
to 5 chance, but as-some doubt as to his
fitness existed eome even money could be
found at post call. Kenllworth, with 107
pounds and flounce in the saddle, had
second call; then came Headwater, once
as good as 7. Sly carried little or no sta
ble backing and receded to 10. Unfortu
nately, the start was not one of Dick
Dwyer'e happiest, ' Sly being left and
Headwater getting away badly. Kenil
worth outbroke Waring, but only for a
few yards. Thtn it simmered down to a
two-horse race, the pair chasing off by
themselves heads apart. Condition told
at the end, for despite O'Connor's frantic
effort astride the ttrst choice Kenilworth,
hard ridden throughout, caught the eye
of the judges first by the scantest of
heads. Ranseh on Headwater made up a
remarkable lot of lost ground, causing
his supporters to claim that had he been
off on eo.ual terms with the leaders he
would have won.
Outsiders disputed honors with the fa
vorites, getting away with three of the
purses. The excellence of the card at
tracted another large crowd.
Given the;glapsy eye even by her stable,
Barney Schreiber's Companion left the
maiden class in the. opening scramble, at
five furlongs. She was quoted at 12 to 1.
with Dominick in the saddle, and beating
the others away from the post won driv
ing from Chaste in 1:00^. Skip Me, ridden
by Mounce and backed from 8 to 5 to 4 to
5, was flat-footed when the. barrier went
up,.and, again bothered after getting un
der way, finished away back, i
—Don Luis,--a 6 to 1 slrot. with Ranseh on
his back, got the decision at the-finish of
the mile' and a furlong selling affair by
a nose from Lizzella. Rio Shannon cut
out all the running, and though very tired
at the paddock fought it out gamely, fin
ishing but a neck behind the leaders.
O'Connor waited altogether too long with
the favorite, Precursor, and later got in
terfered with while trying to get through
on the rail.
Long overdue,,Parmenion. finally got to
the surface, downing a big bunch of sec
ond-raters in the six-furlong selling event,
fifth to be decided. He ruled a slight fa
vorite over Foul Play and Brenhilda, and,
ridden with splendid judgment by O'Con
nor, reached home two lengths before, the
former. Alaska, a 10 to 1 shot, ran third.
Tristrain, a warm . "downtown" tip,
showed speed but blew up in the stretch, i
"Bill" Murry's chestnut cripple Crom
well ran circles around his field . in. the
closing run, at one mile and a sixteenth.
The handicappcrs figured him the 'best
thing of the afternoon, and he won draw
ing away from Lavator and Walkenshaw
at the wire. Sir Kingston, the second
choice, stiff and sore, gave it up com
pletely after running a half-mile.
To-Days Entries.
First race—Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling. ' - .
1690 Tenny Belle....105 2198 George Dewey.'.lOO
(2236)Thornwild 105 2229 Tony Lepping..lO5
t:i95)Eonlc ..103 2228 Birdie Stone.... 98
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
WORLD'S RECORD EASILY
BROKEN BY BRUNSWICK
In a Superb Struggle Kenllworth Outsprints
the Great Waring at Tanforan,
Eastern Baseball.
PHILADELPHIA. April 5.— Princeton
University 7, Philadelphia , (National
League) 2. ¦ " •• .
. BALTIMORE. April- 5.-Yale 3, Balti
more (American League) 10. :
Totals ............32 0 7 1 27 17 5
*— I-iohman out; hit by batted ball.
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Los Anseles .0,3 0 10 O-O^O 1—5
Oakland '... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.0-0
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Los Angreies 1. Two-base hits—
Rrockhoff, HousehoKitr, ¦ Streib, Drennan.
Htolen bases — Brockhoff, Streib. Double play —
Kelly, unassisted. Struck put— By Johnson 3,
by Moskiman 3. ¦ BasiM on balls— Johnson i 4,
Moskiman 6., Passed ball— Lohman. Hit by
pitched ball— Streib. . Time of game — 2 hours
and 5 minutes. Umpire — Donahue. Scorer —
Henry. •
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 5 0 3 0 2 0 0
Francks, ss 5 0"0'02 2-2
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 2 1
Streib. lb .3 "0 1 0-15 1 0
Moore, 3b 3 " 1 ; t) 0 •¦ 2 1
Held, 1. f .' 2 0 0 0 1 0.0
Moskiman, p ....3 0 0 10 9 .0
Lohman, 1 c ...SO 0-0 3 : l l
Babbitt, r. f 4 0 1 ,0200
Totals ..' 33 5 6 2 *26 11 1
' . OAKLAND.
Smith Catcher ' Malioney
Morrison First" base .............. . .Scolt
Boradori Second base. ..Grieves
Malde.'. :....... Third base. '.Hussey
Guilfoy. Shortstop: \ Fenton
"W. Crawford. .'...- Left field:....:.. ..Martens
B. Crawford Center field. Thilgen
E. Crawford Right field Hallahan
. ' ¦ ? ¦ . ¦ . ' '-
Los Angeles Wins.
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— Los Angeles
defeated Oakland again to-day by a score
of 5 to 0. Oaklandjsucceeded in batting out
seven base hits, but was unable to score.
The local team piled up three runs in the
second inning and had things their own
way until the game 7/as> finished. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 2.2 0.20 1
Hutchinson, lb 5 .1 1 0 6 0 0
Householder, c. f — 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Swindells, r. f 5 p 0 0 1 1 o
Spies, c 4 0 l . f> 5 1 0
Reilly, 3b.,.. 3 1 1 13 10
Kelly, S3....... 3 0 0 15 4 0
Bowman, 1. f 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Johnson, p 3 1 0 ? 14 0
Company I Positions. ;..'.. ..Company L.
McCarthy Pitcher....'................- Loh
Edwards..... Left field. ............. ..Butler
Durkins '. Center field . ......... .Joyce
Angelsey.... Right: field .....Kennedy
Burke. ............. Second base . .....:... Marshal I
Madden ........ Third base .Adam In!
Daly Shortstop .". • Volquardson
Totals 40 10 10 2 27 18 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 2 2 0 0 2 5 1 0 0—12
Base hits.... 2 2 0 0 3 5 1.0 1—14
Sacramento 0 0 0 3 1 1 3 2 0—10
Base hits 0 0 0 2 2 12 3 0—10
,\ ' SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 3. Strick
lett 2," Knell 1. Two-base hits— Krug, Pabst,
McHale, McLauphlfn, Doyle. . Sacrifice hits—
Hildebrand, McHale. First base on errors^-
San Francisco 4. Sacramento 2. , First base on
called balls— San Francisco 6, .Sacramento 4.
Ijeft on bases— San Francisco 8,- Sacramento, 9."
Struck out— By Fitzpatrick -5., Hit by pitcher-
Courtney 2, Stricklett, Devereaux. Double
plays — Devereaux to Hanlon to Devereaux.
Passed ball— Graham. Wihl ' pitches—Strick
lett 1, Fitzpatrick 2. Time bf'game-^Two hours
and twenty-five minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin. y: ¦
¦¦; Sacramento' and San Francisco will play
to-day at 3 p.m. [ ..-' : -:*-\ ". j > \ ' ¦.. '¦ ,-
The opening game of the-*teague:of tho
Cross Cadets League will.^be • played : to
morow at the- Sixteenth ¦¦¦ and \ -Folsom-'
street grounds, between Companies H and
N at 12 m. and. I and L. at 2:30.p. m. Hugh
Smith will umpire and J. Stapleton and T.
Deasy will score. The Hne-up of the re
spective teams Is as follows: ; ,
Company II. .'...; Positions '.'. .Company M.
Meyer ". Pitcher .....'.. . .'. . . . ." Flynn
G rimer. . ...... ... . . Catcher. . . : . .V.'.'. . .". .': : " Hellan
Clark First . base. ...:....... Kennedy
San Francisco 12, Sacramento 10.
The games between Sacramento and San
Francisco, up to date have oscillated like
a pendulum, and the cranks want to know
if on the fourth swing the Senators, will
tag a victory. to their, list and thus "even
up matters for the "final games of the se
ries on Sundays i? r ¦ ¦. ¦¦ ; ¦
Stricklett, the latest Senator from the
Middle West, made his initial bow in the
box, and was not treated either with cour
tesy or respect. "When the seventh In
ning had arrived/ via slow freight,' Strick
lett was so ..heavily -mauled that he was
replaced by Knell, who did much better.
In the sixth the Dutch ate up Stricklett's
soft packages of .curves and shoots with
too much relish.- ¦-¦-.• -,....¦>• . -. -.-;¦
In the heat of the struggle Hanlon. and
Doyle Interchanged . compliments of " a
doubtful nature with Jack O'Connell, um r
pire. It was all over. an infield fly. Han
lon would talk and say unpleasant'things
even after he was requested to be good
and follow the shining rule about silence.
He was ejected from the sack. Then
Doyle interjected something not found in
Spaulding's guide and was promptly fined
Just $5. -., • -,,.•¦ . , ••
McHale was played in right field by
Harris, but he did nothing to draw him
self out of. the common but commit two
glaring, sinful errors. The score: ¦ ••.-¦.
SAN FRANCISCO. ' ' .
. • _;'!. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, cf. .....: 5 3 -2 -l^O-. "0 0
McHale, rf..... ...... 3 1 1 ¦ 0 : 1 •.'.-. 0 3
Schwartz, 2b." 5 11 .' 0 " 2 .6,0
Kruff, s.s.. 5 . 1 ;• 1 . 0.1 "v.7 i. 1
Holland, If -..5 .2 3 0 .0 0 ' ,' 0
Pabst.'lb.: "...; 3 ' "• 2. ;¦• 2 0. 13 '.«<) 0
Graham, c :. 4 02 1 5 ¦'¦ 0 I '' 1
Reilly, -3b.:..: 5 0 1 0 ' 1> : 1 ¦ '1
Fitzpatrick, p 4-2 . 1 ; ; 0 'iC-' 0 -0
Totals ....33 -12 14 2 27 14 6
SACRAMENTO. ;,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dexereaux, s.s 4 11 0 5 4 ! . 0
Sheehan, 2b 6 .0 02 1 2'- : 1
Egan. 3b 4 3 10 2 2 I 0
Courtney, cf ...3 1 2 0 110
Hanlon, lb 2 1 0 0 7 , 1 ¦ 0
MoLaughlin. If 5 2 2 0 4 1 • "0
Doyle, lb and rf 5 1 2 0 6 10
Ford. c... 5 0 1.0 11 0
Stricklett, rf and p.. 4 0 0 0 0 4' . 1
Knell, p and rf...... 2 1 .10 0 11
New Pitcher for Sacramen
to Is Batted Out of ttie
Box in the Sixth Inning
of, a Very Stormy Game
STRICKLETT AN
EASY MARK FOR
HARRIS' TEAM
GOLF - BASEBALL - RACING - BOXING - TENNIS - SPORTS
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JiPRIL 6, 1901.
PREMIUM LIST PROVIDES
FOR MANY -NEW GLASSES
¦San Francisco Kennel Club's Show in Mau
¦ Will Eclipse All Other ';
Exhibitions.
ONE OF THE PRIZE MASTIFFS
TO BE EXHIBITED AT THE
SHOW. . . '
India rubber nails are a novelty In Gei-
Tnany. They are used in places where me
tallic nails would be liable to corrode.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 5.— It was re-
I'crtcd from New York to-day that Rus
sHl B. Harrison intended to contest the
will of his father with a virw of obtaining
ltis portion of 'he estate direct. Howard
<"a1«\ who is Harrison's attorney, said this
Hftornoon that the report was unfounded.
Mr. Harrison, he says, is entirely satis
lird.
M2y Contest Harrison Will.
5
"When I consulted you in April, 1899, I was
In poor health," writes Mr*. E. II. Newton, of
Vanburen. Aroostook Co.. Maine. ''Had been
sick all winter, and, to add to ray trouble, was
on the road to maternity, which the doctor said
¦would end my days. I was almost discouraged :
did not expect any help_, but thonjjht the end
was only a matter of time, and— oh ! my two
poor, little, motherless children.
"It was in this condition that I began the use
of your vatuat-le medicine. On receipt of vonr
letter of Apri 6th my hnsband purchased six
bottles of 'Favorite Prescription' and 'Golden
Medical Discovery.' " and I used it as you
directed. When you wrote me words of en-
couragement on April 27th I had received no
benefit from the medicine, but determined a* a
last resort to give it a fair trial. I am now tak-
ing the thirteenth and last bottle. I have *
lovely baby girl three weeks old, that weigher!
jiH pounds at birth. My baby and I are enjoy-
ing: perfect health, thanks to your wonderful
medicine, to which I believe I owe my life."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets stimulate tie liver.
. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and
perseverance in its use will work won-
ders for the most hopeless' woman. If
Mrs. Nerrton, whose letter is given
below, had not persisted in its nse, sjie
might never have known the happiness
of perfect health. Perhaps the reason
for her persistence was because she used
"Favorite Prescription" as. a "last re-
sort." Physicians had failed. If " Favor-
ite Prescription" could not help there
was nothing to hope for. It did help. It
always helps and almost always cures.
It establishes regularityi dries weaken-
ing drains, heals inflammation and ulcer-
ation and cures female weakness. It
imparts strength ind elasticity to the
organs of maternity and makes the
baby's advent practically painless.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he sayv them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears*, the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Ail sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
\ >P 9
The Morrow f)&^
Coaster BraRe [ J » *"\
Guarantees roit j^tstlutt C*ntf»rt \ Y _^ W I
nutt Him »W» tn CtcUhC- Vit* any V*<^ 5^^<»
wheel. ¦ Vonr wheel »!war* nnder \&3; i
control. Security on hills. A luxury tT 1
, on the lerel. \ 1 -
You Ride SO Miles, but jL-fe^l
Ptdal only SS Miles j ftp 1hg
100,(KM) M'-Mfd Hdtrs !a«t r»»r. %J" fjEa
Sold by all dealers. BookUl trtt. B B»
' : ICf.irSE JIT6. CO., Elalra, 5.T. & jBf \
S: : United States Consul. Guenther reports from Frank
fort that an automatic system of signals devised for
the purpose of warning. vessels of their approach to
dangerous coasts is'now. on exhibition in Germany^
and; may be adopted by the ; Government'. This is one
of- the improvements in which .we I should permit no
nr.tion'to get ahead of us. Since we lead the world
in mechanical' inventions we should also lead in mak
ing use of them. •
By a vote of 101 to 27. the, upper house of the Prus-
Vian Diet has passed a resolution . declaring that the
tariff bill now* being prepared in the /Reiehstag'shoiild
provide for ... increased duties , on imports of • agricul
tural products, "so it: looks 'as if the agrarians .were
tired of trying to shut cut* our meats and fruits by de
claring, them, "impure", and are going in -for straight
politics. . :.,"-¦;¦". : . . '. . ;. \
Aguinaldo will hardly be permitted to come tcrthis
country ..to lecture,' but he ; might make a. ten strike
by writing a book : under; the .title: "The" Memoirs of
a : Sprinter;;: or How : I Met Funston."
— — » — • T .....
•:,It r is ; pleasant' to knovv'that Chinatown .is to be
thcrdughly. fumigated, but it would be pleasanter if, the
sinoke^for,;the: .fumigatibn'.iWere ;to; be" qbtaiaed^by
burning -the rookeries.- ;'.' ~' ; "•
THE spectacle at Tientsin has not been inspiring
to the conscience of man. Russia and England
have ceased pressing China to come almost to ¦
blows in a dispute over the prey. J- '/¦ . ' ' 4
There in miniature is an illustration of what -will=
happen if the attempt be made to carve up China and
divide the pieces among the carvers. A world-wide
war would result. England and Russia have been
kept from each other's throats only because .one is
kept busy by the Botrs and the other has not >a
sufficient navy to defend the coast she has already
stolen from China. Otherwise Tommy Atkins and
Adam Zad would be pumping dumdums into each
ether, and the bear wjuld be chewing the lion's tail
while the lion chewed his paw.
Those who want honor to prevail in dealing with
China should hasten conclusions. America stands for
ecjuits' there. Let no urgency be omitted that. will
close negotiations. , . .f.
Some Americans have other views, and we are sorry
10 say that they are the missionaries. They are doing
all they, can to run our claim for indemnity to an
enormous amount. have put in preposterous
claims for the manuscript of their old sermons, lost
or destroyed in the Boxer outbreak. If they should
also claim damages for the spirit x)f Christianity lost
in the shuffle it would be more valid, for that spirit
cuts no figure in the attitude assumed by many of
them. .'. ,
It is daily becoming plainer, that civil government
must cut loose from responsibility for missionaries and.
their work. Civil government has no mission to evan
gelize other lands. Its duties are secular, and these
can be discharged everywhere with less friction than
:;ny missionary efforts can be carried on. SffM
When the missionary goes forth to save souls let
him leave thrift and political intrigue behind/ • ¦
China will do herself great cre'dit by- future tolera
tion .of every ,effort dislinctly/religious, 5 but by im
mediately complaining to the country, concerned, of
impudent missionary interference with., the execution
of her Jaws upon her own people, orbf that effrontery
which interferes with her civil 'Institutions.
TOMMY ATKJNS VS. ADAM ZAD-
The favorable ."attitude ¦ of the \ Governor* and the
legislators, toward the/society, is doubtless in recog
nition of . this policy, ; which has lik'ewise ; attracted ; the
favcxable notice; and friendship of Uhe -press o£ :thc
State.' When this State shall have fulfilled her" prom-
The Agricultural Society bears a definite'relatibn to
6n: educational system '. separate from any other in
stitutiqn, indispensable I to our progress and the at
tainment of that agricultural supremacy which is bur
certain destiny. During recent -years, under newer
influences, the~*'society. has been -more of a -farmer's
organization and has been devoting its energies chienV
to the advancement '"« of "purely agricultural features.
When' it is realized that in but fifty years of state
hood we.; have far -surpassed competitors which have
been practicing agricultural arts for centuries, it ex
cites "the inquiry, what -influences- conspired to this
end?' Giving due credit to a naturally superior popu
lation, and a peerless soil, and climate/ the fact fe
nitm's that the State Agricultural Society Jias' been
conspicuous in this development ;and has been
p\njor agency in Californian progress.' It has intro
duced new breeds and seeds, new varieties and meth
ods, has gathered -them together, at its great annual
fairsV and exhibited and illustrated them. Thousands
of our farmers and those interested in industrial pur
suits have seen these higb types and studied these ad
vanced practices and afterward adopted them, to 'the
great advantage of our people. j.: : ... , .
In the products of her soil California, in comparison
with much older communities, unquestionably occu
pies a proud position.: In many particulars she leads
the world. .1;
.ThetAgrictilturar;"" Society has been brie" of 'the
agencies in* the great ; agricultural, horticultural, viti
culturai and' livestock development of California, and
it fills a place to-day in our industrial and educational
svstem, which -bur State could not afford to dispense*
THE STATE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
r\ PPROPRIATION by the recent Legislature
f~\ of forty-five thousand dollars_ to pay the in
* * debtedness of the State Agricultural Society
was wise and commendable. This will relieve the so
ciety'from the limitation of a.burdensome indebted
r.Vss arid- enable it ; to- use its every resource for the
purgose'for ; which- it ..wiisi created. •' : \ : *";,""': ;- "
It is noted that Funslon tried- to get an appoint
ment as a cadet at West Point- sixteen years ago, but
failed in the attempt — so r he may be cited as another
illustration'of the men who miss the first jump" but
get there just the same. . :' .[ \ .
For the Minnesota law there. is much more to be
said than. for the "fool' bills"' proposed in Pennsyl
vania,' "Delaware and Wisconsin. . It is another proof
that the farther West you come the more wisdom you
find. 'It isa defensible proposition : that -.the -State
should; prohibit r the marriage of. idiots and¦;Others>ii
capable of self-support, but laws to that effect should
be carefully drawn. The growing good of. this coun
try is' largely dependent upon" •'matrimony ';¦ and! the in
dustry-should not be", interfered with until after a more
prayerf.ul study.- than the average legislator*^ capable
of giving "it. If there is to"' be' a doctor's certificate
as 1 a preliminary to the marriage license' the State
ought to stringently fix; the amount of the fee the
doctor may charge 'and; make it a felony for a doctor
to bar out a good citizen by reason of a faulty
diagnosis.,: -. -^v = v; ' ¦
There: has been submitted to the Legislature of
Minnesota a bill providing that no marriage license
shall be. granted in that State until the applicant has
passed '& satisfactory medical examination as to his
health," sanity and general fitness for the office of head
of a family. It is stated by the advocates' of the bill
that its object is ;"to prohibit, the marriage of ep\lep r
tics, the insane, .feeble-minded' .'and others physically
pr mentally incapacitated . for entering- into -and,'ful
filling the obligations of the marital contract." There
are those, .however, who believe that the measure^ if
enacted, would affect many persons outside the classes
specified, and would give to the medical examiners of
the State. a .dead 'cinch , on the whole.' matrimonial
market. ; r -^ :' ';.".¦'¦'¦•'-¦¦¦.' • -V- '.
The Call has already directed attention to' the Wis
consin -bill for the promotion of matrimony, to the
Pennsylvania bill imposing a tax of $100 upon every
man who marries after 40 years of age, and to the|
Delaware, bill designed "to make married life hap
pier by providing punishment at the whipping-post
for any wife who beats her husband; .and now an
othdr measure of the kind has been put forward.
]\A ATRIMONY has been to Eastern -Legislatures
,/' . \ this winter a subject of much more than.or
.dinary. interest... For. many a year past there
has been more discussion and more legislation,con
cerning divorce than concerning marriage, but this
year there has been an outburst of -zeal on the sub
ject of marriage that; has extended from the Atlantic
coast to the States along the Great Lakes, and many
and various have been^^the bills, introduced ¦ into-va
rious? Legislatures : for the purpose of promoting the
practice or improving it. ; . . • :.•¦. '.'-. .. \
MARRIAGE AND THE STATE.
McKinley has beeti the agent of prosperity for us
all. He has tried to so direct -the legislation of the
country as to encourage enterprise and provide work
nrii* wages for ail classes of labor; and it is gratify
ing to know that when he arrives here he will find
us all making the best of the opportunities his admin
iftration has given, and working together for the'gen
rral welfare.
The controversy out of which grew the menace of
a strike is not properly s subject of criticism by out
siders, since it concerned the business affairs of. the
company and the workmen; but their agreement
by which all danger of a strike is averted is a matter
upon which the public can- rightly express opinion,
sii»ce it concerns the whole community. That opinion
is one of universal approval. All San Francisco wishes
to see the Ohio launched while the President is with
us. and, moreover, ail wish that he shall find at; the
Iron Works and indeed throughout the city full har r
incmy between labor ana capital.
Fortunately all such fears may now be set aside.
The labor leaders have shown a public-spirited inter
est in the visit of the President and have cordially co
r yerated with the company in seeking a basis of agree
ment upon all points At issue. Their efforts were not
tnede in vain, and, as was announced in The Call
resterday, concessions were made by the employers
which were satisfactory to the men, and the work of
ihe establishment is now going vigorously on.
A strike or any protracted discord at the Union
lion Works would under any circumstances be hurt
ful to the interests of the city; but at this juncture,
ivhen such an occurrence would prevent the comple
tion of the Ohio in time for her to be launched when
the President is in the city", it would be in the nature
cf.a public disaster. It would have interfered with
much of the pleasure the President expects of his trip,
and might even have led him to postpone it.
riiE flVERTED STRIKE.
BY wise action on the part of all concerned, the
strike threatened at the Union Iron Works has
been averted. Upon that fortunate ending of
:he controversy between the company and the em
ployes San Francisco js to be congratulated, and due
r.edit should be given to the men who arranged
:erms upon which the fortunate result has been at
tained.
Every exhibition that tends to bring these; facts
freshly arid clearly to the minds of- Calif ornians is in
the nature of a public benefit. ;' On any phase of ths
general subject, from .works of high art to the manu
facture of articles of. ever3 r day use, we are not likely
to have too much in the \yay of education for many
a year to come. The resources of the State in the
way of material for all sorts of art work are abundant,
and we have as yet made but little use of them.
Consequently a campaign'. of education,; or even an
episode of education in art work, is. always an excel
lent thing. Therefore in preparing the exhibit at the
1-Iechanics' Institute "the ladies of the California Club
have added another to the many good Works they have
undertaken for the State, and the enterprise merits a
liberal and widespread patronage. • •'
The attention of [ the ' people^ in 'considering such
matters, should not be directed exclusively to what are
technically I khown : . as' '» industrial arts." California
ought to do much in the way of producing bric-a-brac
and decorative art. -We have ample materials for the
fabrication of many sorts, of beautiful , things. We
have.sbme'of the finest wood in the world for art pur
pores, and manykinds of stone that could be worked
up in artistic forms. ' Moreover, our textile products
njiglit be made beautiful as well as useful. In short,
:;ve import from the East or from foreign nations
thousands of articles- of taste and luxury. that might
just as well have been' provided^by Californian arti-*
sans -and*, artists."*.. '. • ' • ¦" -'-.. '¦'¦¦ .
.- The' discoveries* of oil in such abundant quantities,
and 'the recent . developments in the. use of electrical
energy assure California in the future ample stores
of fuel and power for manufacturing purposes on the
largest scale. We'may now reasonably look forward
to. the . speedy coming of a time .when we will manu
facture within our borders most of the "raw material
we have been sending abroad. Thus a new stimulus
has been 'given to manufacturing enterprises, or
at least to public consideration of them, and the ex
hibition/ of the California Club comes at an oppor
tune time to show us what we have accomplished and
to intimate what more may be done...
\A ORE than ordinary interest attaches to the
/ \ work now being done by tHe ladies of the
California CIud. in arranging for a comprehen
sive exhibit, of the industrial' and allied arts of. Cali
fornia. This is to be the second notable exhibition
directed by the club, and from the success of the first
good auguries may be drawn of the. outcome of this.
The public may therefore expect" that when the expo
jition is. opened at Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday
evening there will be displayed an exhibition which
will afford-not only entertainment but .valuable in
struction for. all visitors. - : ; •-' .? '
THE ARTS OF CALIFORNIA.
w* -©all*
SATURDAY . APRIL 6, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' Addresi 111 Coamuiettic&i to W. 8- LEASE, Manger.
MAX AGEIl'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Prew 204
I'CBLICATIOSr OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. B*.
, Telephone Prcm 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre*i 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Stnele Copies, S Cents.
Terms br Mall. Including Fostasret
DAILT CALL, rinclndln* Snn<Jay). one year $«.M
TAILT CAl-I, (Inducing Eunday). « months.... S.M
DAILT CALI^ <lnduaingr Sunday). 8 xnonthi... 1-W
DAILY CAti^-Br Sinirle Month «5«
FHKDAT CALX,. One Tear '. 1-& 3
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I- 00
All postmaster* are anthorlxed to receive
trabscrl rations.
Cample copies will be forwarded wben requested.
Kail FcJjscrtber!" jn rrd'rinR chasre of «aarefi« ehonid be
T«rtJcu!ar to Elve both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to icsure m. piompt and correct compliance with their request.
nAKLtvn oKFirp...... ins nromiwi'r
The first Postmaster ¦ General in Amer
ica was Benjamin. Franklin. He was "ap
pointed-by the English Government and
was allowed a compensation of £600 a
year for himself and his assistant, pro
vided "he. made that much." He served
nineteen years and was dismissed in 1774
because of nis devotion to the colonies
in their struggle aarainst English tyranny.
The first four, years that he served there
was a deficiency, and he did not receive
his full salary; but at the time he was
dismissed the postal service of the col
onies was yielding the crown a handsome
income. During the days of the confed
eration the mail service was in a chaotic
and disorganized condition. ¦ The organi
zation of our present -system really dates
from the appointment of Samuel Osgood
of Massachusetts as Postmaster General
by President "Washington on September
2ff, 17S9. The Postmaster General was not
then -a' member of. the President's. Cab
inet. At that' time the . mail service
throughout the "country was wretchedly
inefficient. The mail was. transported
wholly upon horseback. In those. days the
carrier, usually an old man, jogged-leis
urely along. on a decrepit horse over un
kept roads, /with his letters deposited in
a pair >of .saddlebags, while he passed
away the time knitting from homespun
yarn his supply of winter socks;
. Early Growtii* of the Postal Service.
When Mr. Ossood was appointed Post
master. General there were seventy-five
pestofiices in. the United States and'.les3
than 2000 miles of post roads. . He- served
two years and enlarged the service three
fold, yet turned into the general treas
ury a net revenue of about 15 per -cent
of .the gross postal receipts. -.The -first
Postmaster General to, hold a seat in the
President's Cabinet was William T. Barry
of Kentucky. He -has the distinction- of
being not only the first Postmaster Gen
eial to sit as a Cabinet, officer but also
the first whose administration of the office
shows a deficit, the expenditures having
exceeded the receipts. He became Post
master General in • 1829, served six years,
and during that time ran the department
over $500,000 in debt. This caused a great
scandal and resulted in the appointment
of Amos 'Kendall as his successor. Every
one of Barry's predecessors had adminis
tered the department so as to make it
yield a net revenue to the Government.
Nor was -.this, economy of administration,
at the i expense of '. an * efficient service.
From 1790 to 1829 the number, of offices
had increased from seventy-five to S004,
the aggregate length of pest routes from
1S75' miles to 115,000 miles and the 'gross
expenditures from $32,000 to $1,752,000 a
year.
Postmaster General , Kendall's Work.
At no time. in "the history of our coun
try has there been more rapid improve
ment of mail : facilities than during the
first thirty-nine years of the department's
existence. ; Long post routes were survey
ed and: laid out, over which mail coaches
'sped albnsr- at- the rate of 100 miles a day,
a prodigious speed before' the days . of
steam and electricity. Mr: Kendall > took
hold of the demoralized condition of the
department with such- energy that within
eighteen months' he not- only liquidated
the $500,000 ' indebtedness but had a large
surplus. Up to that time the postal ser
vice had been 'conducted ; as a business
institution. ,The Postmaster General man
aged .its financial affairs, paying the ex
penses from the receipts.
,In 1S36, upon Kendall's recommendation
a complete change was made and th?
present system of disbursements was es
tablished. All moneys now collected are
turned into the treasury and all expenses
are provided for : by . appropriations from
Congress. ; While;; according to. our. theory
of .government, this is the safest, financial
method and renders more difficult .the mis
appropriation ot public funds, yet the fact
remains. that since this system was estab
lished - there .'.have -bsen but three • of - chS
thirty-one Postmasters General whose ad
ministrations .have shown a surplus. .', On
the i other -hand; -during' the, forty-seven
years under ¦ the old -system ; every Post
master- General,, with .f the excectidn of
Barry.- made * the department . yield i a- net
revenue . to : the Government and < at the
same --time greatly imoroved the postal
facilities.- ;-. ,.
"Irowering tne Rates of Postage.
- .Inn February,!; 1792, Congress ' fixed the
folio-wing . rates of postage, \ which pre
vailed; ; with elight !. variations,- for, half a
century: --For; every single letter -not ex
ceeding 3O.miles;6 cent3;over.30 miles/and
not ; exceeding , 60 . miles, 8 cents : t between"
60 and' 100 miles,! 10 cents; 100 to 150 mile.?'
12*4 ' cents: ' 150 to - 200 "miles, 15 cents: 200
to "250 miles; .17 cents; 250 to 350 miles. 20
Franklin as Postmaster General.
Organizing . a Postal Service. "_ .'
The first effort' to organize a systematic
postal service was by. the General Assem
bly of Pennsylvania in- 1G93. A Postmas
ter was • appointed for. the city of Phila
delphia. He . was authorized ¦ to appoint
deputies, who were to serve as postmas
ters at other placed throughout that col
ony and to dispatch letters- to any place
in New England or the adjacent colonies.
He was also ¦ required , to handle all let
ters relating to the public service free,
and all public ferries,- bridges, etc., were
subject to his use without delay or. charge.
His compensation was limited-: to £20 a
year. A fixed rate of postage 'was pre
scribed. In the preamble; of. this enact
ment the; General Assembly, declares it3
purpose to be "to the end that mutual
correspondence /may be maintained and
that letters may speedily and: safely be
dispatched from place to place."
In these enactments of our .forefathers
can be traced the principles upon which
our postal service has been organized. In
the Boston order the Postmaster was held
responsible for any damage that might
occur to the mails .in his possession, as
postal employes are to-day. '.:: In the Vir
ginia provisions the registry system is
recognized, and in the Pennsylvania en
actment we'notice many of the principles
of our present organization. From these
primitive beginnings has grown the Amer
ican postal service. ; . .
j That "which" to our ancestors a hundred
years ago would have seemed miraculous
or impossible is to us to-day ordinary and
commonplace. A : single, modern 'battle
ship, such S as the Oregon or -Kentucky
could have defeated . in the open . sea the
combined fleets of the world in the days
of Nelson. A. single' company of United
States "soldiers, "equipped /with' modern
arms, " could haveV defeated Lord - Howe at
Brandy wine.;; But -in no branch of govern
ment has* there 'been greater' progress
than in postal affairs. _ It is said : that ' the
postoftice has been . the . forerunner of . in
tellectual 5 development. I would not put
it that way. It is. more the outgrowth of
such development. , Our . postal service
was originated in . compliance with a pub
lic - demand. • - It became " a necessity . be>
cause of the intellectual activity of the
times.-. It was not '-constructed by' any
great organizing 'genius.—' It grew -as the
tree, nurtured by. the sunshine of popular
Intelligence. -•'. - ; • - :; ¦¦--- ¦.;- ¦:¦ " •:'•-•• 'V , . .--. : .-T".
The first" postoffice established in Amer
ica was at Boston, -Mass., in 1«39. By.an
order -of the: general court of the colony
the house „ ot . Richard- Fairbanks was
designated as the place where all letters
which were ""brought', from" beyond: -the
seas^or are to! be sent thither" should be
left. Fairbanks was charged with the re
sponsibility of delivering the letters as
directed,- and -was permitted to collect a
fee of'l penny for every letter handled. |
' The next postal regulation in the colo
nies was an enactment of. the -Virginia
Assembly in March, ; 1657, which provided
that whenever a letter relating to public
business was -delivered at any plantation
in the; colony the proprietor of said plan
tation should .immediately forward It to
the I next plantation, ¦ and so oh until it
reached its destination, ' Any one falling
to comply promptly, with this requirement
was fined one hogshead of tobacco. Later,
by an amendatory- act,- it was' provided
that if there was, any -one upon-the-plan
tation who could .write he should indorse
upon the letter- the 'time it was received
and dispatched, the. purpose being to en
able the officers more easily to fix the re
sponsibility for delay. 7. ..¦
VIII.— THE P0STAL> SERVICE.
cents; 350, to 450 miles, 22 cents: over.450
miles, 25 cents. This Is quite an interesting
schedule. By "single letter", is meant a
single sheet of paper." If in writing a let
ter two sheets were used double rate.3
were" charged; for .three - sheets, triplo
rates. If a letter contained more than
three sheets it became a packet and for
every packet weighing one ounce four
times the rates paid for a single letter was
charged. So that when General Washing
ton, at his. home at Mount Vernon, wrote
to Hancock or Adams at Boston, if his let
ter contained four sheets the postage was
$1 in coin. Two- cents will now carry n
letter of the same size from Ponce, Porto
Rico, to Manila, Philippine Islands, a dis
tance of. about 13,000 miles. In 1S45 the
rates were radically reduced and postage
was charged according to the weight of
the letter instead of the number of sheeta.
Newspapers and magazines were not ad
mitted to the mails until 1792. 1 A charge of
1 cent ¦ for every paper for a distance less
than 100 miles and 1% cents for more than
100 miles was made: for magazines t«<2
same was charged per sheet. Prior to that
time newspaper publishers made. private
contracts with mall carriers to carry their
newspapers from town to town. After. that
date, the post = carriers were forbidden to
make such contracts. This caused a great
disturbance among the publishers and the
action of Congress was criticized with great
¦ severity. The .postage charged - on ; news
papers was declared .to be a tax upon
knowledge. At these rates it would cost
$; 95 to.send the January number of Mun
sey's Magazine from New York to Chica
go. Now it costs less than a cent. - i'<£; '-'
' , Tlis Indispensable Postage Stamp.
The postage stamp "io a modern device,
though possibly :of. ancient origin.. Pro
fessor Mommsen says "that, at one period
in the history . of che. Roman -empire
stamps somewhat similar. to the modern
postage stamp , were— used. But the first
authentic record "of the use of. the postage
stamp was in Germanv, by Count Franz
of Thurn and Taxis, who in 1516 originat
ed the" first :"¦ commercial -postal service
known to history. England was the first
to recognize the utiluy of the adhesive
postage stamp and in 1840 adopted it a3
a feature of its postal service. Seven
years later our Government followed Eng
land's . example.
The adhesive stamp probably has con
tributed more to the improvement of mod
ern mail facilities than all other causes
combined. Without the adhesive stamp it
would be utterly impossible to transact
the postal business of this country. Prior
to 1£:47 a postmaster was required to in
dorse in writing on the face of every let
ter mailed the date, place deposited and
the amount of postage required or paid.'
To make such an indorsement upon all
letters that are now daily dropped into
the United States mails would be wholly
impracticable. ¦ Without the adhesive
stamp our present cheap postage would be
an impossibility. ' - • ' •
Before the stamp :- was adopted post
masters in the large cities kept book ac
counts with all the leading business men
or firms that patronized their respective
offices. When letters from these firms
were brought to the office the postmaster
; would compute the postage on each let
ter, charge it and collect his bills month
ly. " How many bookkeepers and col
lectors would the postmaster at New
York or Chicago have to employ now if he
transacted business in that way? In.~lS45
the postmasters- at Baltimore, New
Haven, New York and St.'Louis had post
age stamps printed upon their own au
thority and adopted them as a labor-sav
ing device in lieu of keeping these ac
counts. Postal experts take great pride
in the marvelous achievements of the
modern mail . service, but none of these
would have been possible without the ad
hesive stamp. , The invention of the tele
graph and the locomotive is ' credited in
the popular mind with having chiefly
contributed to modern progress, . yet it is
a question whether J Slr Rowland. Hill,
who. by his persistent devotion to postal
reform, gave to the world the adhesive
postage stamp, should not be placed in the
list of the world's great benefactors be
side Morse and Watt. '."...
Later Postal Improvements.
Most of the great divisions of the Amer
ican postal service are -of recent origin.
The registry system was adopted- in the
United States in 1855. The first year after
Its inauguration there were 629,332 pieces
of mail registered; in 1900 there were 18 -
422,649. The money order system was not
adopted until ISM. During the first year
of its operation 74.277 money orders were
issued, aggregating $1,360,122. In 1900,
33,163,050 money orders were is
eued, aggregating $i55,670,027. The free
delivery system was first established in
cities of over, 50,000 inhabitants in 1863
The first year of its operations 6S5 car
riers were employed and $204,477- ex
pended for its maintenance; in 1S00 15 322
carriers were employed, and the total ex
pense fer free delivery was $14,671,362
In the- early period of our postal service
the sanctity of the mails was not so jeal
ously guarded as it is to-day. Postcarriers
and postmasters frequently opened letters
which they thought of interest and made
themselves an.l the public familiar with
their contents. So prevalent was this prac
tice that Jefferson, Washington and many
other public men carried en all important
correspondence, in' cipher to insure its
secrecy. Although the penalty flared for
robbing the malls was death, thrsdid not
secure them against depredations. It is
estimated that 3.309,755,000 letters were
transmitted- thiough the:mails last vear
Of this number there were about 10 C-00
losses reported, or one loss for every 331 -
000 letters transmitted. .
Knormous Growth of the-Ssrviec.
In 1790, when Mr; Osgood organized ' the
system, there were seventy-five post
offices. On January 1, 1901. there were
76.594. The gross receipts of the postal ser
vice in 1790 were $37,935; in 1900 they wefe
$102,354,579. The grross expenditures in 1790
were $32,140; in 1900 they were $107,249 298
In 1790 there were 1875 miles of postroads'
in 1900 there vere 500,990 miles.
To-day the American citizen can attach
a 2-cent stamp to a letter weighing one
ounce or less directed to any part of our
vast possessions, v/hich now reach more
than half way around the globe, and if
properly addressed the chances are 331 000
to one that it will be safely delivered
and if loss should occur the United States
Government will oipend hundreds of-dol
lars in endeavoring to fix the responsibil
ity for such loss. Should it appear that
the loss was occasioned by the negligence
or criminality, of an employe, he is not
only required to make good the damage
to the sender, but to answer before the
courts of his* country for the violation of
its postal laws.
S;A Benefit to ' All the People.
•The postal service touches every ele
ment of societv. There is no rural com
munity t too obscure for the postoffice to
reacts. A representative of this depart
ment daily knocks at the door of every
citizen- of our great cities. Upon the most
obscure streets or the remotest highways
-every where-rmay; be seen a representa
tive of the United States mail service
Studying the American postal service in
all of its phases, the vast amount ofbusi
nesstransacte-1, tne enormous number *of
persons employed, aggregating over £00
000, the rapidity with which mail is trans
mitted. the safety with which it is deli v
ered. the cheapness of the rate* thp al
most limitless extent of the system the
intricacies of its ramifications and' the
enormous responsibilities which * it sus
tains in relation to the political, social and
business institutions of our country It is
seen to be without question the most stu
pendous - and the most complicated busi
ness or commercial organization that ex
ists or ever has existed, in the history of
the human race. ' .
Still "Jolumy" in Maine.
Representative Littlefield of Maine says
that: when Secretary Long was visitine
Buckneld. Me., .his \ native village. last
summer, he sent - some clothes to the vil
lage ".washerwoman, ¦ and,- driving- by next
week: -stopped v to: ask for .them.- The
woman accordingly; called .to ' her " assist
ant:? "May, is Johnny's washing done
yet?"— New York
By J". Xj. -Bristow.
FOURTH ASSISTANT POSTMASTER' GENERAL.
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
Marvelous System Empbyed in the Gigantic
¦Operations. of the United States
Postal Service.
Preparedly Experts and^ Specialists for
The ' San Francisco Call. ,
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
-The Laugh Against Him— The lata
Bishop X had a great reputation for
ready wit. At an assemblage of noted
men a year or two ago • a lawyer, who
was leading counsel of a great railway
company, tried to poke fun at his Lord-
Ehip by quizzing. .At last he said:
"Why donLt .you* get, these- great rail
way managers to give you a pass over
their lines, my Lord? You canvpay for it
by giving them entrance tickets into
heaven.?- .. '-; '->,-,••.
"Oh. no.", gently replied the Bishop. "I
would not-; part them so far .from their
counsel In the; other world.'' w-."-
The laugh wa3 general, and; the lawyer
decided to. let the parson alone—Blrmin"
ham (Eng.)Post. ¦¦ - ¦ ;., : irmin =
Eggs on toast. Townsend*». ; *: ; . •
Deliciou3 chocolate creain : egg3. Town
send' s. ' -'.'¦" ¦ ' .\>v- •
Choice candies; Townsend's, Palate Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c fper Ib a't^Townaend's.*
Candy baskets' filled* with" egsa. Town
send's." - -' ''_'''_ ' ¦ ' '" ' * -¦'
Best eyeglasses. 10c to 40c. .Look out fo
81 4th,' front of barber store and grocery. •
A nice' present for Easter— Townsend'3
California .grace fruits, -in splendid flr fi 
etched boxes. 50c 1b. Q Palace Hotel. "•
Easter chocolate cream and. fancy col
ored, cream .egg3. baskets of »?n atr .
Townsend's, O Palace Hotel. ¦ - s ' ...'
' — : « ? ¦ . . -',
Special Information supplied dally to
business' houses and public meir bv th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont,
gomery street. 'Telephone Main 1042. • •
Salmon fry. in. Oregon are fed on canned
heads and tails of salmon till they are
old enough .to be Planted in; the rivers.
-Nothing, so refreshing: as a hair wineglass of
Dr.Siegert's AngosturaBitters before meals tha
South American appetizer. Beware of imitation.
"W"hy, he's a man who takes money
from both sides and then goes ahead arvl
votes as hs blame pleases." — Washington
Star. • •
"What is your idea of a dishonest poli
tician?" asked the friend, rather quizzi
cally.
"I don't like that man,'* said Senator
Sorghum, in a tone that was almost fero
cious. "He is what I call a dishone**
politician. And dishonesty in politics ia
something- that I can't abide." . -".-.. -,w.-
Church — You say- your boy at colleges
writes for the magazines?
Gotham— Yes; he's written several ari
cles for them.
"T, don't suppose he's a professional
writer?" '
"What do you mean?"
"Why, he doesn't write for money." •
"Doesn't he? You ought to see some
of the letters he writes to me'."— Yoflkera
Statesman.
Tommy — Yes'm. You see, the paper she
was wrappin* it up in had a love story
in it.— Philadelphia^Press.: ".•,*> »i';.K*i
Tommy — I had to wait for ma to wrap
up a bundle for me to leave at Mrs.
Brown's. t . i
Teacher— Surely,-. it didn't take your
mother nearly an hour to do that?
Cause of the • Delay— Teacher— What
made you so late?
Mr. Le Jecks— Well, Miss Coldcash, I
suppose you received a' good many birth
day cards?
Miss Coldcash (sweetly)— Oh, yes; and
there was one particularly dainty and
artistic. I am sure it came from you.
Mr. Le Jecks (delighted)— What makes
you think so?
Miss Coldcash— Because I sent it to
you on your last birthday.— Tid-Blts.
Benedict— Well, she saves every little
trouble that comes to her during the
day so that she may bother me with it
when I -come home at night. — Philadel
phia Press.
Bachelor— So you're married, eh? I
suppose your wife saves you a good deal,
ot trouble.
"How much do they charge for thosa
strawberry a box?" •
"Four dollars."
"Why don't they charge $1 apiece while
they're about it?"
"Well, $4 a box is about Jl apiece."—
Yonkers Statesman. 'vV .
"Yes," rfdded the Cross-Eyed Boarder,
"love for Bobby Burns in every Scottish
heart."— Baltimore American.
"The people of Scotland cherish very
fondly tha memory of Burns,", remarked
the Observant Boarder. ->\: - •
Mother (plying the strap)— There, there
and there! Now, don't let me catch you
in the pantry again. .
Tommy— Boo! hoo! I tried not to let
you catch me this time.— Philadelphia
Record.
"I don't see how he can be such a popu
lar clergyman when he abuses his con
gregation so!" ' '_" .
"Easy enough. Everybody thinks he is
talking to everybody else."— Brooklyn
Life."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PIMPLES— L,. L., Suisun, . Cal. "Are
pimples, blackheads and etc.. on the face
a local or systemic trouble?" is a very
large question, as there are a great many
affections of the face. There are also a
variety of pimples. These are a skin dis
ease arising from different causes and
without knowing what particular variety
you wish to be informed about, this de
partment cannot give space to a descrip
tion of each and what causes it. "Black
heads" are the result of obstructed pores
and are purely local. Cannot give you any
information about "and etc.".
HOMESTEAD— Subscriber, Hemet. Cal.
The answer that was given a few days
since in relation to a husband not en
cumbering the homestead without the
consent of the wife applies to such prop
erty as has been under the laws of the
State set aside, as a homestead. If a
man acquires a homestead under the Fed
eral laws, if the «ame is located In this
State, and he wishes to set it aside as a.
homestead, he must make the proper dec
laration under the State law.
MARRIAGE LICENSE-L. L.. Suisun.
Cal. In the State of California there can
not be a legal marriage without a Hcense.
If a couple elope and are "married" with
out a license in this State it is not a mar
riage in law. A Justice of the Peace has
no authority to issue a marriage license,
and he cannot marry a couple without a
license 13 presented to him.
A PRESENT— L. I*, Suisun, CaL A
lady who receives a present at Christmas,
or at any other" time, from a gentleman
she loves is not bound to reciprocate, not
withstanding the fact that "she Is jich
and can purchase beautiftil presents. a
gentleman who sends his lady love a pres
ent at Christmas is justified in the
thought that she will remember him by
sending him one, but if she does not, she
is not violating any rule of etiquette.
RECORDS— E. G. B.. Suisun. Cal. The
records of pedestrianism. running broad
jump, pole vault and other feats, together
with the ramos of all the holders cf such
records, would require more spacjv than
can be given in this department to any
one correspondent. You will find suctt
given in full fn the Clipper almanac.
PRIVATE CORPORATIONS—Subscrib
er City. If there is any man engaged in
the business of promoting private corpor
ations this department cannot a dv f"^|
his name and place of to™ 1 ™-**-.}*
wishes to be known he can^advertise in
the regular channels of the can.
DIVORCE— TV. O. B., City. Insanity Is
not a ground for divorce in California. A
man whose wife is in an asylum for the
insane cannot cbtaln a legal separation in
order to marry again, even though the
woman will never recover her reason.
SAM'L, OF P0SEN-W. P. S.. City. Th»
first trial of M. B. Curtis (Sam'l of Posen)
for murder in San Francisco commenced
TatTimv 25 IS 1 )?: his second trial in. >•<>•
vtmberTlsk and his third In August, 1803.
FIREMAN— Y. L,., Highland Springs,
Lake County. The way a fireman on a
locomotive lea/ns to flre is by practica
under the direction of the engineer.
NO ADVANCE— B. 63, Valley Ford, Cal.
Dealers in coins do not offer any advance
on the face value of five dollar pieces of
1S39, 1843. 1S44 and 1845. .
DIAMOND WEDDING— Mrs. W., City.
The diamond wedding is the seventy-fifth
anniversary of marriage.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
isc; when her area teems with a chosen 'people and
her acres are: rich with' peerless growths, when her
schools send out teacheis to the world and her
products are borne upon eyery current of the world's
commerce, a just analysis* of the causes' which' have
wrought outthese consequences will discover' that, the
State Agricultural Society was one of no inconsid
erable influence. • ¦'¦ . ;* , ; • :
Seriously, the affair is becoming a quadrennial scan
dal. Washington is the national capital, and inaugura
tion is a great national event which attracts not only
our own people but thousands of foreigners. ..When
thousands of men in the uniform of -the National
Guard make the main ayf nue of the city a^iangerous
thoroughfare and riot in all sorts of excesses the : na
tion" is. disgraced. ," Pennsylvania should -be made to
understand that if her militia come again they must
behave like civilized men or the regulars will be called
out to pepper their shins. ' ¦ .
Now, in the face of such an invasion why should
not the owners and lessees of fine hotels charge in
surance rates to those vt ho can pay? If the wild meii
from Pennsylvania, 10,000 strong, should assault a
hotel .like the Shorehaui, Colonial or Chamberlain's
they might not leave one brick standing on another.
It seemed for a time that martial law would have
to"be proclaimed and artillery brought from Fort
Myers to clear the streets: But liquor finally over
powered them and, they sank, to rest, not by their
country's wishes blest. After they were safely out
of town the claims for damages began to pour in
upon the District Commissioners, aggregating nearly
$10,000, and now it is a question whether, the District
will pay the bill or hand it up to the- State of Penn
sylvania.
homes. Just after every inauguration the draft on this
fund is heavy, and it is suspected that many start out
having only their, fare cne way, in the - expectation
that if they cannot ride out of. the city on a commis
sion they can on a free ticket. Then the demand' on
the hospital and police facilities of the city is enor
mous.. But all these are mere trifles compared to^
other burdens that must be borne.! For several years"
the Pennsylvania milltiaihas descended - upon-Wash
ington at the inauguration with results much like
those that followed the descent of the Christian troops
on Peking to inaugurate peace on earth and good will
toward men. Four Vears ago the Keystone troops al-.
most looted the cityr They knocked the police to a
standstill,' destroyed property, and put the city in a
state of siege. ;This«ea*r these Northern barbarians
appeared again, like a swarm of four-year locusts..
They Carrienationed hall the; bars on Pennsylvania
avenue, first takingthe precaution to drink them dry,
without payment of the- shot. Every fruitstand in
sight was cleaned out, and the proprietors trom sunny
Italy were hammered into pulp as a receipt for the
goods. They caught negroes, stripped them to black
starkness and compelled them under pain of death
to run the streets in that condition. In.two instances
they served women, the same way, only varying the
proceedings by tossing them in a blanket.
But let the dead past bury its dead, and it has many.
In the living present the American people don't want
to take a new.- President "au naturel. They want him
dressparaded just one -day, and thereafter he may
smoke a cob pipe in. the White House," like Jackson,
or eat out of the pantry, like' Lincoln. 'This desire
crowds the town, and the hotels charge 'five prices,
because sightseers are willing to pay. Butlet^us riot
therefore conclude that it is all beer and skittles with
.Washington. ' The District has to set aside a home
sending, fund- to tr^ horde of . impecunious
and unsuccessful office-seekers -back to their' ruvai
But alas! this is tradition only. Neither man nor
mare nor hitching post is left to verify it, and Jeffer
son's wine bills while. in the White. House-remain to
testify that if he didn't take his inauguration cut bias
and frilled he soaked his ' statesmanlike clay- in
a mighty, good quality, of told liquor. ¦
WE do not refer to.the father of his country, but
to the capital of his country.
We have noticed the complaints of Washing
ton thrift about' inauguration > time! That' thrift doea
assume atTacute stage. The green bay tree is a hand^
spike compared to the way the city flourishes for- a
week during the quadrennial spectacle. The scene it
self is attractive. Human nature loves to see the tide]
of pomp beat against the world's high shore, and, it
Mr. Shakespeare, who noticed that trait in man, were
in Washington March 4, atTthe beginning of a Presi
dential term, he would see "high water large" in re-,
gard to pomp.. True, it is said that it was not always
thus. .Tradition pictures Jefferson riding into town pn
a gray- mare, reflectively chewing a piece of sassafras
bark, tying his nag to a tree and taking the bath' of
office as quietly as he would have verified a bill of
sale. of. one of his "niggers.".^. -... :..._.....¦ .-•.!..
WASHINGTON'S BURDEN.
THE - SA-N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; 6, 190 1.
6
Call Kcbucrlbem coniemplatlng: a change oi
residence during tlie nomner months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to tnelr aew
addresses 1st notifying? The Call Business Offlce.
Thin pt>,.rr will also be on sale at all uninmer
reaorts and is represented by a local agent in
sit tOTrcs <tn the coast. ...
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Tuesday. April 9, at 11 o'clock,
Horses and Mules, at 1732 Market street.
By G. H. Umbsen— Thursday. April IS. at 12 o'clock. Bual-
n«ES Property, at 14 Montgomery street. .- >'¦ -r;- }., .-,
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.a Opera-house— "Cinderella."
Colunfbia— "The Little Minister."
Central— "The Gladiator."
Tivcll— "The Idol's Eye." '
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. <
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-.
Fischer* e — Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.The Board of Bank Commissioners yes
terday issued a license to the First Bank
of Kern, Kern County, which organized
recently with a capital of $50,000. The new
institution will open for business April 10.
The officers are: President, F: W. Samuel
son; vice president, J. F. Dugan; secre
tary and cashier, V. E. Wilson; treasurer,
F. W. Samuelson; directors— James L.
DesDauli. J. F. Dugan, C. H. Shurban, F.
M. Noviega, W. C. Ambrose, F. W. Sam
uelson and V. E. Wilson.
New Banking' Institution.
The Poets of New England.
Professor W. D. Armes of the English
department at Berkeley gave an interest-
Ing lecture on the poets of the New Eng
land a'nd- Middle States to a large audi
ence at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
yesterday afternoon. The works of Ed
mund Clarence Steadman, Richard Wat
son Gilder, Banner, ."Willis, Taylor and
some of the less pretentious poets were
discussed and compared with the poems
of the New England writers. The style of
the poets of the Middle States, Mr. Armes
said, . was brighter • and more i vivacious
than that of the > Massachusetts group, al
though not.of so great literary value.'
Assaults a Doctor.
Max Mantybend, a tailor, went to hi3
sister's hairdressing: parlors at 121 Post
street yesterday afternoon and proceeded
to create a "rough house." The woman's
screams attracted the attention of Dr. S.
B.- Lyons, who has an office in the build
ing, and he went to her assistance. Man
tybend promptly grabbed him and suc
ceeded in tearing 1 the collar off his coat.
The pugnacious tailor was subsequently
arrested and charged with batter]y. He
was at once released on cash bail. v
COOPER'S WIFE SUES TO (
AIOnjL HER MARRIAGE
Asks Court to Free Her From the
. Notorious Criminal Who
Duped Her.
Norine Pearl Chadwick, the young
woman whom ' Harry . "Westwood Cooper,
alias Ernest Moore Chadwick, the notori
ous criminal, duped and wedded at Crock
ett, Contra Costa County,' on February
23 last, filed suit yesterday In the Superior
Court to annul her marriage. In her com
plaint Mrs. Chadwick, who was Miss
Norine Pearl Schneider before her mar
riage,. allege* that at the time she mar
ried Cooper he had a wife by a former
marriage living, from whom he had not
been divorced. This former wife, ths
plaintiff avers, was a Miss Ida Maud
Campaign and was married to the defend'
ant in Canada, May 24, 1897. Cooper, the
plaintiff says, represented that he was a
single man and now that she has discov
ered the fact of his former marriage and
former career, she asks that she be given
her freedom. -,vr • .
The San- Francisco Labor Council re
fused at its meeting last night to indorse
the boycott , of the California Baseball
L*eague instituted by the Building Trades
Council. After a long discussion the vote
against indorsement was over whelming,
fifty-nine members voting, in the negative
as against fifteen in the affirmative.
This body-blow to the boycott was de
livered after P. H. McCarthy and other
leaders In the Building Trades - Council
had addressed the meeting.
¦ The signal defeat of the motion for in
dorsement was in effect a vote of lack of
confidence in the Building Trades Coun
cil. The feeling was strong that the sister
organization had made a mistake and In
dorsement of it/would only augment the
evilA - ¦ / . .
Tho question was taken up during the
consideration of the report of the execu
tive committee, transmitting the request
of the Building Trades Council that its
baseball boycott be indorsed. A commit
tee from the Building Trades Council was
waiting to present its side of the case.
At 10 o'clock a motion to admit the com
mittee was made and carried. .
H. L. "White/secretary of the Typo
graphical Union, moved that Theodore F.
Bonnet be asked to present the other side
of the subject. He said Bonnet had been
a good friend to labor and was himself a
regular member of the Typographical
Union, not an outsider. There were some
objections, but White's motion prevailed/
Before the .committee came in there
were some very pointed remarks made.
M. Casey of the Brotherhod of Teamsters
said that he objected to the whole pro
ceeding.
"I did not come into the Labor Council,"
Casey said. Vto be attached to the tall of
a political yellow dog."
The reference was to P. H. McCarthy.
The committee from the Building
Trades Council sent in a request that it
be heard in. executive session, but the
motion to grant the request was promptly
.defeated by a vote of 37 to 50. The com
mittee did not want the reporters in the
hall while its case was being presented,
and the members debated for a time
whether or not to go before the Couricil
at all, but they finally decided to oiake
the best of the open session.
P. H. McCarthy was the first speaker.
He reviewed the history of the mill
men's lockout, and the attitude of E. &
L. Emanuel during that time and since.
He told of the protest made by Business
Agent Saunders to Henry Harris when it
was learned that Emanuel was to do the
repairing on his cagar store. Harris had
told Saunders that, he had already let
the contract and . would not recall it.
This attitude forced the Council to de
clare a boycott.
E. J. Brandon, vice president of the
Building Trades Council, argued that if
the innocent members of the baseball
league did not want to suffer they could
get rid of Harris and escape the boycott.
William Cole, of the Carpenters' Union,
made a plea for harmony between the
two central labor bodies. The twenty
minutes allowed the committee having
expired, th* committee retired amid gen
erous cheers.
T. F. Bonnet was then escorted into the
hall to make his statement. ' . . ' ...
"I do not come before you." Bonnet said,
"to ask you to violate any of the prin
ciples of unionism, but only that you do
no violence to them. One of these prin
ciples is that a boycott must be levied for
some just, reasonable purpose."
Continuing Bonnet su.NI the Recreation
Park corporation had always recognized
unionism. If Harris was guilty let »hlm
be punished. He said he and his asso
ciates would gladly do anything in their
power to right whatever wrong had been
committed, if any way to do so could be
pointed out to them, j They could not ex
clude Harris, as he owned stock in the
corporation and there was no way to com
pel him to sell his stock.
The Labor Council went Into executive
session and discussed the question for
nearly an hour. During the discussion
Secretary Rosenberg charged that P. H.
McCarthy was trying 1 to divide organized
labor of the city in order to strengthen
his own organization, which, Rosenberg
asserted, had but 4(k i 0 members, instead
of 12,000 as claimed.
As a result of the defeat of the motion
to indorse the boycott members of unions,
other than those of the building trades,
will not be required to stay away from
the ball games.
SEEK TO RAISE
PRICE OF OIL
Producers ; Invited to # Meet
for Combined Action in
This City.-
Kern and McKittrick District Men
to Reach Better Understanding
for Benefit of a Growing
„ • Industry.,
The oil producers of the Kern River
and McKittrick districts will meet in this
city soon to make some arrangements for
improving: conditions that are not satis
factory. The price of oil is down, the
various producers are competing with one
another in a way that menaces the wel
fare of all and there is an entire absence
of unity of action, notwithstanding a gen
eral community of interests. These cir
cumstances have led Henry Ach,. presi
dent of the Monte Cristo Oil Company, to
Invite many large producers to send rep
resentatives to a conference ,'to be held
at the Palace Hotel on or about April 12.
Great interest will attend on the meeting
because of the very important results that
may follow. *.
. '.'I called the meeting," said Henry Ach
yesterday, "at the request of oil pro
ducers in the Kern and McKittrick dis
tricts. It will be- an executive session,
but the results "will be made known at
its close. ' The object is to promote the
general welfare of the oil industry of this
State. What will be ' done no one can
know in advance. There is no pro
gramme, but the idea is that' there
will be a general discussion of the situa
tion for mutual advantage. We hope to
receive ideas and suggestions from all
producers who desire to offer them.
"We desire to put up the price of oil
to a reasonable figure and to hold it up
there. How to do fhis will be discussed.
All things that concern us'as producers
will be gone over. Such, action will be
taken as ks judged to be advisable for the
interests of the industry." *
' The following are the oil companies that
have been invited to be represented:
Thirty-Three, San Joaqiiln. Imperial, Monte
Cristo, Aztec, Sacramento, Blodgett & Jewett,
Reed Crude, Chanslor & Canfleld, California
Standard, Dabney, Kern, Kern River, Peerless,
Revenue. West Shore, Four Oil, Senator, Tol
tec. Chicago Crude and Central Point Consoli
dated. - 1, ?¦
Oil Companies Amalgamate.
Articles of amalgamation of the Rex
Crude Oil Company, the Yukon Crude OH
Company and the American Fuel Oil Com
pany, which will hereafter be known as
the Union Consolidated Crude Oil Com
pany, w'ere filed yesterday. The original
companies held adjoining? lands in Loa
Angeles County and it was deemed to be
for the best interests of the corporations
to amalgamate. The capital stock of the
amalgamated corporation Is $500,000. The
directors are Henry J. Crocker, C. S.
Benedict, F. W. Sumner, Wendell Easton,
J. L. Rathbone, H. A. Jones, George Eas
ton, E. ¦ "W. Runyon and G. W. Hender
son. /-¦",
?
TWO COMPANIES JOIN IN
BTJILI>INQ BBANCE LINE
•
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Said
to Sunset.
to Be Interests d in the Hoad
LOS ANGELES, April 5.— The Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe are reported to have
united for the construction of a railroad
into the Sunset oil district. Material is al
ready on the ground and construction
work Is to commence at once. The road
will extend from Gosford to Sunset, a dis
tance of twenty-eight miles, and will cost
in the neighborhood of $500,000.
William Hood, chief engineer of the
Southern Pacific, and Chief Engineer
Burns of the Santa Fe will supervise the
work, which will be under the immediate
direction of T. J. "Williams, division en
gineer of the Santa Fe at Stockton. The
new road will connect with both the San
ta Fe and the Southern Pacific, and is ex
pected to be of immense benefit to oil pro
ducers in the Kern and Sunset fields.
Labor Council Refuses . to
Indorse Boycott of
the League.
Request of the Building Trades
Council Turned Down by a' Vote
of Almost Four to S
One.
UNION MEK MAY
SEE BALL GAMES
Cheap Bates.
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New. York:
$27.60 from .St. Louis; $23.00 from Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fo Route.
Tickets good on tourist - and ' reclining chair
cars.' Excursions '. leave Chicago every Tues
day until : April 30. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at Ml: Market . street; vkjjmJMni
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 5.-The following
Californlans are In New York: From San
Francisco — J. J. Gottlob and wife,' at 7 , the
Holland; M. Haralaub. at the Earlington;
J. D. Johnson, at the St Denis; C. Maley,
at the Holland: C. A. Man, at the Im
perial; Dr. Tophing, at the Park Avenue:
T. B. Bishop, at the Hoffman; C. de
Young, at the Imperial. From Los . An
geles-B. R- Whitcomb, at i the Earlington.
From San Diego— U. S. Grant Jr. and Miss
Grant, at the Murray HilL ¦ "
Would Hang a Policeman.
Frank Grande, a fruit merchant at 321
Davis street, known as "the^ banana
king,*' was the defendant in a case tried
by a jury in Judge Mogan's court yestcr^
day. afternoon. He was arrested by Po
liceman Esola on March 25 on the charge
of obstructing the sidewalk by- ¦: having
crates and straw thereor; so zjs to impede
the progress of pedestrians. Grande de
nied the charge and admitted on the stand
that he would be willing to spend JlO.Ofti
to "break" the officer and added that ho
would hane him if he could. While^tha
jury was considering its verdict Grande
went uo- to P. J. Moiiterno, a witness for
the prosecution; and threatened to "fix*
him. The jury brougnt in a verdict of not
guilty.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare is at the Licfc
W. I.. Stev/art of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
W. D. Bannister, a mining -man "of i«o
nora. is at. the Lick.
. Charles P. Morgan and wife of San Jose
are guests at the Palace.
F. W. Leadbetter. an attorney of Port
land, Or., is at the Palace.
Franklin L. Kennedy, an attorney of
Stockton. Is at the California,
Captain T. C. Lee of the steamship Are
quipa Is a guest at the Occidental. •
James P. Burdell, a land owner of Peta-
Iuma, Is registered at the California.
George A. Gordon, a mining man of
Jookson, Is registered at the Occidental.
<5eorge R. Polack. an engineer of the
Guatemala Railway, Is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. C. Simmons of Sacramento, ac
companied by his wife, is at tjie Occi
dental.
Charles E. Dedrick. a mining: man "of
Soulsbyville, Cat., is a guest at the Occi
dental.
James G. Woodworth of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, with head
quarters at Portland. Or., is a guest at
the Palace. , ' •
Colonel W. t. Kent. TJ. S. A., accom
panied by his daughter, arrived yesterday
from Washington, D. C, and is registered
at the Occidental.
Leigh Hunt, a former business man and
newspaper proprietor of Seattle, who went
to Korea and accumulated wealth, is at
the Palace with his family. Mr. Hunt will
shortly establish another daily paper in
Seattle. .
JURY FOR GLAZE }
IS INCOMPLETE
List of Talesmen Is Exhausted and a
Special Venire Ordered by
Judge Dunne. ¦ »'^:\"
The jury to try Robert E. Glaze, charged
with the murder of his partner, William
Trewhella, on January 14 at the Windsor
Hotel, is still incomplete.
Tbe five talesmen who had not answered
on the previous 'day were brought into
court by deputy sheriffs, but all failed to
qualify, although but one more juror was
needed. With the examination of the
talesmen the proceedings were brought to
a close, as no more names remained in the
box.
Judge Dunne sent for Chief Deputy
County Clerk Goddard, and that official
brought with him the box containing the
names of. the panel of trial jurors. One
hunred names were drawn, and on Mon
day morning the talesmen will appear in
Judge Dunne's courtroom, when the work
of securing a twelfth juror will be re
sumed.
Sues for Thousands.
Thomas W. Hobron filed suit yesterday
against Edward Pcliitz & Co. to recover
":',Z:ZZ'1. alleged to be due for moneys had
and received by the defendant corpora
tion. . ¦*¦'¦¦¦-'
tlme and beauty of the setting in which
the Napoleonic drama was played is suf
ficient assurance of their artistic value.
MORAGHANS ARE NOT
YET LIVING TOGETHER
Young Wife Announces That There
Is Some Opposition on Part of
Her Parents.
There seem to be too many parents-ln
law In the family of young James Mora
ghan. A few days ago it was announced
that the young man and his wife, Mary G.
Moraghan, had adjusted their differences
and would henceforth live together.
Yesterday morning the young people
were In court in order to adjust Mrs.
Moraghan's application . for alimony. She
said she was not living with her husband
as yet. There was some opposition on the
part of her parents to her resuming mari
tal relations with her husband.
After she had finished her story her'hus
band . beckoned to her to take a seat by
his side. 'but Policeman Fay, Mrs. Mora
ghan's. father, called to her. Before she
went to her father, however, she held a
short chat with her husband' and they
seemed to be completely reconciled.
Judge Seawell continued the order to
show cause until Monday, at which time
Mrs. Moraghan will announce her final
decision. , , •
Iroquois Ciub "Will Go to Bsnicia.
At a meeting of the Iroquois Club last
night reports were received from the com
mittee in charge of the proposed celebra
tion cf the anniversary of the firstt'Demo
cratic State Convention, which was held
May 11!. lS^l. The anniversary will be cel
ebrated in Bcnicia. where the first con
vention eras also held. Invitations will be
sent to all the Democratic ciubs in the
Biate. and It is expected that a large
number of delegates will be present.
THE TWO STARS OF . THE
"MORE THAN QUEEN" COM
PANT.
PACIFIC MAIL MAY NOT
COMPETE WITH FULLER
United States Bonded Drayman Al
leges That tte Corporation Is
Interfering With Him.
W. H. Fuller, manager for the United
States Bonded Draymen, filed a protes't
with Port Collector Stratton yesterday
against the proposed action of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company in preparing to
remove 5!W tons of export sugar in light
ers from the arriving to the departing
vessel, thereby, as Fuller alleged, inter
fertDff with his contract.
Alexander Center, general agent of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, and
Captain Fre«?se appeared before the Col
lector and stated that Mr. Center pro
posed to engage Captain Freese's lighters
to it move the sugar. Chief Clerk Jerome,
on being appealed to for the law. said
that all removals must be by the bonded
drayman, except where the owner of the
property bonds his own dray to haul his
own gQcds to his own warehouse.
IT is "now two vears since Blanche
Walsh made her fiist stellar appear
ance among us with Melbourne Mac-
Dowell and a repertoire of Sardou
plays. The impression left by her
work was a powerful one and her appear
ance on Monday evening next at the Co
lumbia Theater is awaited with impa
tience by the faithful among play-goers.
Again a Frenchman i* responsible for the
play in which Miss Wf.lsh appears, "Jloifl
Than Queen," a drama of the Napoleonic
era by Emile Bergerat. In it Miss Walsh
will appear as the hapless Empress Jo
sephine, and accordin™ to account- all
kinds of good things may be expected of
her interpretation.
• Among the list of. Miss Walsh's support-
Ing company will be found a name new
here, but which, by risrht of heredity,
should not remain long unknown in dra
matic annals— that of Miss Elizabeth
Mayhew, the daughter of Marie Waiti
wright. By one of those curious coinci
dences that do occasionally happen Ma^-ic
Wainwright Is now appearing at the Or
pheum in a little playtet entitled "Joseph
ine and Napoleon," white her daughter at
the Columbia Theater will next week fol
low the fortunes of the French Empress
according to Miss Walsh. Miss Mayhew
is a beautiful and highly accomplished
girl, who received her education with no
view of following the profession of her
mother. Marie Wainwriprht. however, takes
a reasonable \ievr of the*Tnatter and hag
put no obstacles In her daughter's way as
to choice of vocation, as "heredity will
out."
The settings of "More Than Queen" ara
said to be of unusual magnificence and
HANCOCK ATTEMPTS TO
. EFFECT RECONCILIATION
Avers His "Wife Refused to Listen- to
His Offer to Return to
Her.
In an affidavit filed yesterday Robert J.
Hancock avers that the effort of his wife,
Ella Wood Hancock, to secure an injunc
tion to restrain him from visiting her
home, S2S Broderick street, is the work of
spite following an attempt upon his part
to effect a reconciliation.
Hancock admits that he called" at his
wife's home in company with Dr. C. K.
Hart, a mutual friend, but says his visit
was for the purpose stated. He denies
that he insulted his wife's mother or that
he ordered the servants around. ' In an
accompanying affidavit Dr. Hart cor
roborates all the facts stated.
Hancock further avers that he has
never refused to maintain and support hi8
wife, but says that he did object to her
receiving $400 a month, as his income only
amounts to f562 monthly. He says he of
fered her $150. a month, but this she re
fused and instituted, an action for main
tenance. ;— i'
As to the amount of Hancock's income
his allegation is supported in an. affidavit
by George S. Tilden. who collects the
rents of the defendant's properties.
SEEKS HIS ABSENT BOY
HERE AMONG STBANGEBS
Attorney George A. Bitter of St.
Louis Asks for Information Be
girding His Son Orville.
George A. Ritter, fin attorney, with of
fices in the Century building. St. Louis.
Mo., and residing in Nauvoo. 111., is seek
ing his son, Orville M. Ritter, whom he
has reason to believe is on this coast
Tne father's pathetic appeal for informa
tion regarding his son is as follows:
NAUVOO. Illinois, April 1. 1301.
Kditor of The Cail— My son. OrviHe M.
Hitter, must be in your city or State. He
,is a mere boy and wanted to enlist in the
ll'nited States navy but failed. I have not
heard from him for four inonths and fear
that he is sick or dead. He went to your
city from Colorado Springs. Colorado, sev
eral months Ago with a view of entering
the employ of a large fruit and packing
house. I am much worried about the little
fellow and am anxious to know if my be
loved son is alive and well. His last letter
must have been written while he was at
the Catholic Seamen's Free Reading-room.
Very truly. GEORGK A. RITTER.
An attempt to locate the boy through
the officials of the Bureau of Navigation,
Washington, failed, as that department
had no record of any such person shipplr g
from this port.
Lieutenant Price and a squad, composed
of Policemen Tom Murphy, David Mur-
Phy, Gilbert Chase and Bob Connor,
raided the house occupied by Jew Foo.at
S09 Jackson street last night and cap
tured over 000,000 lottery tickets. The raid
Is regarded as of great importance, as
the place raided proved to be the head
quarters of the entire lottery fraternity,
representing about seven companies.
Jpw Foo was Anposed to be a Christion
Chinese and asPlimed the role of a^mie
slonary in the recent crusafie against, dis
reputable houses.
Several days ago the police received In
formation that a lottery was being con
ducted in the Jackson-street house, but
for a time doubted It. as Foo had taken
so lively an interest in suppressing vies
A raid was finally decided upon and after
securing a warrant the officers visited ths
premises and broke down the doors.
The rooms on both the first and second
floors were found to be stocked with lot
tery tickets. The walls had been pigeon
holed to the ceilings and the paper of each
company occupied a separate compart
ment. In all, it is estimated there were
over half a million tickets, marked and
unmarked. A complete outfit for the
marking of tickets was also, found.
As soon as the proprietor was placer!
under arrest he sent for .the matrons of
the "missions. He was taken, with several
visitors, to the Central police station, and
the tickets, transported in a patrol wagon,
'were booked as evidence against him.
Christian, Mongolian and a
Professed Znemy of
Vice.
Lieutenant Price Arrests Jew Too, a
Raid the Headquarters of
Chinese Gamblers on
Jackson Street. V.' : -
POLICE CAPTURE
LOTTERY TICKETS
THE, SAIST' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 1901.
Elizabeth Mayhew, Marie Wainwright's
Beautiful and Accomplished Daugh
ter, to Be One of the Company
BLANGHE WALSH IN
"MORE THAN QUEEN"
variety, • no less than seven complett
Ecenes being required by the play. Al
have been made as nearly historically cor
rect as possible and the ' splendor of th<
11
7
AKUSEUSNT8L
*TIVJJLi*
THIS SATURDAY EVENING
, AT^8 SHARP.
Initial Porductlon of the Famous Comic Opera,
THE
IDOL'S EYE
"HOOT MON."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
FERRIS HARTMAN as "ABEL CONN."
AIaP C. WHEELAN as "HOOT MOJJ."
First Appearance of ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM
NO MATINEE TO-DAY! r-.,,
POPULAR PRICES 25o and 50c
Telephone — Bush 9.
#&0R0SCO'S
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEE TO-MORROTV!
THIS EVENING.
Immense Production of Our Eajter Sptctael»,
"CINDERELLA."
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEW EASTERN
STOCK COMPANY.
Miniature Stage and Vaudeville Kntertalnment.
Morosco's Shetland Ponies and Their Baby
Offspring.
Tne Fairy Coach— The B«ll Ballet.
Magnificent Scenery, Costumes and Effects.
10O-— People 1C0.
Ponies on View In Lobby of Theater.
PRICES— 10c. 13c. 23c. 50c Few Seats at 73c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees Good Orches-
tra Seat 23c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. APRHj «.
Parquet. 23c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children.
We, any part except reserved.
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL.
TSCHERNOFF*S DOGS; FULLER, MOLLER
AND BURKE: "A GIRL OF QUALITY";
HAMILTON HILL. BURT SHEPARD.
CALLAHAN AND MACK. SCOTT AND
WILSON: BIOGRAPH SHOWING QUEEN
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL, and
LAST WEEK OF
MARIE WAINWRIGHT. Assisted by Edward
Eisner and Company, Presenting
"JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON."
f*ft! IIRflRI A m mmm
bULU IV1@1M LEA01.KQ THEATRE
v"; —MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES!
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
The Little Minister.
BY J. M. BAREIE.
Founded on bis novel of the sains cam«.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
BLANCHE WALSH,
In the Imperial Spectacle,
MORE THAN QUEEN.
-¦ SEATS NOW ON SALE.
BELASCOAMBTHALL&^tfgg.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING,
Special Engagement of America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company. last
times— the Stupendous Production of
...THE GLADIATOR...
KX) PEOPLE . ON THE STAGE WO
DDIfEC Evenings 10c, lGc, 35c, 50o
IjuLLJ Matinees 1Oc. 15e. 23o
Next Monday— 2d Week of ROBERT DOW^N-
ING — Superb Production of "1NGOMAR."
. . _
MATINEE TODAY AND SUNDAY.
" EVERY NIGHT AT 8:13. - J
Bret Harte"s Dramatized Novel. .
AHeo , t TENNESSEE'S
HI PARDNER.
Beau t If ul Realistic Scenery. ' 1 ~?
PRICES ....... Be, 25c, 35c, 59c
CHUTES^ and ZOO
Barnes' Dog and Ponj Show.
LEAH HAY.lhe Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK
AND
Genuine Pictures of the Gans-
Mcfiovern Fight
Telephone for Seat»— Park 23.
FT^PHP'R's; concert house.
Wnv McDonald. Kelcey Sisters, Mabel Mar-
tin. De Camp and Murdock, the Malvern Fam-
ily, Tom Mack and Hlnrlchs* Orchestra. Re-
served Seats. 25c- Matlne. Sunday.
16^1 Standard remedy (or Gleet. >"—^
K2I Gonorrhoea and Runnings [u\nJ\
IN 4B HOURS. Cures Kid- imlDTI
nay and Bladder Troubles. >•¦¦•
Mrs. Pinkham extends the same
helping hand, free of charge or obliga-
tion, to every ailing woman in Amer-
ica. If you are sick you are foolish
not to write to her, it costs you noth-
ing, and she is sure to help you. Dont
wait until it is too late — write tc-day.
Hrss t^-t.* Beoskk, East Rochester, Ohio.
publish herewith had all these symp-
toms, and in addition leucorrhoea,
%nd was cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. First, Bhe
wrote a letter to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass., describing her trouble,
received in reply accurate instructions
what to do to get well, and now wishes
Mr^ Pinkham, to use her name to con-
vir© others that they may be cured
as she was.
Life to the most favored is not
always tvXL of sunshine, but to the
average American girl or woman who
is obliged to work for her living 1 , and,
perhaps to help others at home, life is
often a heavy drag in consequence of
illness.
Women who xvork, especially those
•who are constantly on their feet, are
peculiarly liable to the development
of organic troubles, and should par-
ticularly heed the first manifestations,
Buch as backache, pains in the lower
limbs and lower part of the stomach,
irregular and painful monthly periods,
f aintness, weakness, loss of appetite
and sleep.
The young lady whose portrait we
IIOTV TO HELP THE3L
OUR -WORKiHO GIRLS.
ADVE2TISEMENTS.
ADVEHTISEHENTTS.
Represents the Highest 1
standard cf excellence in I
cereal coffee products. >- I
The food value of figs has long been M
recognized, and recent authorities assert 1
that prunes contain more nutritive, value I
than wheat. I
In Figprune there is combined, with I
v the delicious fruit. flavor, all the nutritious 1
i and health-giving qualities of fruit and grain. I
n^ 54% figs and prunes; scientifically I >
blended with 46% well ripened grain, makes B
j^^ mmm^^^ a table beverage of I
•^ /a4/\ / qualit^ I
• v / -j=* ...J^ V Tastes la^jcoffee— looks like I
I S J/ I coffce ' nutritious. I
V T^O J Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only 1
~ *. -¦• ALL, GROCERS SELL I
pigprune Cereal. J
9 «as— ¦——-¦' i— ¦ ,,., ' jfi
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
. bear signature of /&****££*£
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
btt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 5tC<
~r.»,,T..,r, UlTTLE FOR BIUOUSMESS. ~™,i,.,r<
GENUINE HivER for torpid liver. GENUINE
I PILLS fOR COMSTIPATIOM. ; ;K
WRAPPER J ¦ _jg ' FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
WBAPr'hH |^^g Iforthecomplexidm WHAmiK
25?ccrtte I Pnrely Vegtitaltlev/^^w^^Us
"PRINTED/ OUST REID F-AJPER."
&MI! Cured While
Csso^L You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
Strengthens the Seminal Ducts, »topping Drains and
and Dosmre application to the entire urethral trac*
is not a liquid. It U PRHNdU
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andtfexlUl*
and so narrow as to pass tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Awn.. Bpx 83».CInclnnat1. O» has
prepared at icreat expense an exhaust Pllff I
ReUlustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL
system, which th«» will send to wrnrrj
mule applicant, _ t . " .
SI. JAJ1E3 AJJUm Cincinnati. Ohio.
dSfiElI^ SAME SHAPE^^IffiKSa
QUALITIES^^I^pW
erft^^Pr%ia^rJ-^E3B
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
f| g I X f| r These hotels po3-
I A L A U t scss the attributes
j that tourists and
Qn|j travelers appreciate
QllU —central location,
ft n fi II BY liberal manage-
U II A li U ment, modern ap-
I 1 ft T r I O pointments and
II U I B-LUJ American and Eu-
Sail FrailCiSCQ. rqpean plans.
I Woman
$*$v^Wimm^ 18 interesteiiand shoold knot?
MIlC^^P&ilA .. . ..... at)Out lhe wonderful
BiM^S^BVEL Whirling Spray
X^a^rSa^^iSfc. dun and Suction. Best— Saf.
Most Convenient.
JUk y«m» drnrslit 'or It. TjSSflrr »-¦ ¦rf'""""^"'^***
If lift c&Tinot supply tlio
MARVKli, accept no >S^ /
«h"r, bat send ttamp for mtw- >£EKXgMl9llb
tr.itedbooli— w»ied. It gives full Sj^^^Y
nartleulari.ind directions invalu £>3/£hE&££#
v«t<>iMK MAUVM1, CO., T^F'^^y
SO3 Mission st.. San Francisco. nBir ~ . j
OR, MEYERS & CO, J|9i%
Specialists. DIs- «§§^^ ¦
ease and Weakness^ fgfffi _^ jtgg
of men. Estab-* ]?Sj.
lished 1S81. Consul- Wffl X^f^i/'
tatlon and privat*~"*- \Sji'/f f I \ / — A t
book free, at office 8jSt-J jSS3Hs_
or by mail. Cures iv&flkwSF^t?*
guaranteed. 731 NKiSlsjp^fiJ
Market street (ele- jL^iR£3$Ww
v a t o r entrance), >f£v flNS*3 r; Sik_
San Francisco. .d<^§cl^S'i^^ssi«E3!s5»
bpTBpBBv Al JPw '-^mM
• Sjij yffin^j iced x£±. fts f§fi*^r%fti
Efj b I fin Q$B r9 CSa ft f OLr
m " M tea ESSw So E^gj 9 i PBp3
gCa - CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
AfflJroiMv tot CHICHISTEK'S K.VGUSH
fr* -<**MWSv in KED and tio'.d nettle boxes, wiled
' S*^W?« wlti blM 'I 6 **™- Take bo other. Bcfora
T?1 3^» *£« Panscroas Snb«tltatlo«» »nd Imlta*
I / fO Utmm. Boy or your Dniggta. or Mnd 4<«. ia
M? & . «"£>*» P«rtl«M!«i», Te.HmonUlo
\ 9* fg> •¦><* "RrH«r for Ln«tle»,*" in letter, bj re
»-\. * A turn Mall. 1 0.OUO Teitisioolnl*. Soldi;
• -^ "' •" Druggiiti. _ ChlcbentorC'fcemlealCn*
Mention thl»p»per. MadUon Square PiflLA., K*.
DR. CROSSMAN'Su
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cars of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures und analogous complaints
c! the Organs of Generation. ¦
Price tl a bottle. For sale by drnggl»t».
AMUSEMENTS.
RA rCC TANFORAN
AyE'JV park,.
THl SAN FRAHJISfrJ JOCKEY/CUB,
WEEK APRIL 1ST TO «TH.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
TUESDAY— HURDLE RACE.
TliURSDAT— HANDICAP.
SATURDAY— COLTS' 2NI> TRIAL STAKES.
NEXT WEEK— SEVERAL 3W EVENTS.
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— 7,
9:30, 11:30 a. m. ; 12:40, 1. . 1:30. 2 p. m. t
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
short . Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladles
and escorts, l
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) $1 JS.
. - MILTON 9. ; LATHAM. Secretary.
-E. J. POWER. RaciQK Secretary.SATURDAY, APRIL 6.
Sun rises ..5:47
Sun sets ...6:37
Moon rises 9:13 p. m.
"• NOTE — In ' the above exposition of • the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day," except when there are but three
tideg, -: as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when - a
minus .(— ) sign precedes the. height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by. the 'charts. The plane of 'reference
Is' the mean of the lower, low waters. >
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. X.", Mer
-•-chants Exchange," San Francisco, Cal.;
. -April 5/. 1901. ' « ¦ .. ¦--'"': '¦'¦¦--
¦"¦ The time. ball on the tower of. the new Ferry
bulldlng«was dropped at exactly, noon to-day—
I. 'e.,' at noon of ..the. 120th : meridian, or at' 8
o'clock p.. m., T Greenwich time. * - : . :
¦¦¦¦-'-;•-- *¦ C.- G. CALKINS.- '
- ; , Lieutenant 'Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time . Sail.
CHICAGO, April 5.-Speaking to-night
at a banaupt of the Allegheny College
alumn! (of Chicago), President William
H. Crawford of the college announced
$170,000 in gifts to the institution in the
last sixty days, as follows: For Ford
Memorial Chanel, by Captain Ford' of
Pittsburg. $30,000; for a new library build
ing, by a friend. $40,000: for the endow
ment fund, by a friend, $60,000; from other
sources, $40,000.
Large Gifts to a College.
Association's Property in tne Famous
National Park Sold for Nearly
a Million Dollars.
ST. PAUL. April 5.— The Yellowstone
Park AVsociation this afternoon sold out
its entire belongings and interests in the
National Park to the Yellowstone Park
Transportation Company, which consists
of S. H. Huntlcy and E. W. Bache of He
lena, Mont., and H. W. Childs of St. Paul,
the consideration' being close to one mil
lion dollars. . ' ,
Among the items transferred were the
Mammoth Hot Springs Hotel, recently
built for S2O0.U00; the Fountain Hotel. $100.
000; Grand Canyon Hotel, J1U0.OOO, and the
Lake Hotel. ST5.O00. besides four lunch sta
tions and ottrer property. J." H. Dean,
president of the old company, will be man
ager .of the new. and the transportation
company is now the possessor of all tae
property in the park.
HOTELS OF YELLOWSTONE
IN ANEW CORPORATION
CHIEF OF ARTILLERY
WXLIi RXTLE THE CORPS
Colonels Make Suggestions About the
Reorganization, but Shy at the
Executive Position.
WASHINGTON, April 5.— Secretary
Root has been considering the subject of
artillery regulations for" the corps. The
reorganization act provided that the Sec
retary should prescribe regulations, and
under this clause he has sought informa
tion from the army officers qualified to
make suggestions. He has requested the
views of colonels of artillery and most
of these have been received and are now
being considered.
When the regulations are formulated
and adopted a chief of artillery will be
named ar.d tv.-o additional officers selected
for members of the ordnance and forti
fication board. Several colonels of artil
lery have Indicated their disinclination to
serve as chief of artillery, as the selec
tion carries with it no additional rank or
pay and everv colonel Is now In com
mand of some post, a more pleasant duty
than can be found as chief of artillery
stationed in Washington and directly sub
ordinate to the officers in the department
with the whole responsibility of the corps
on his hapds. »
New Railroad Vice President.
RICHMOND, Va., April 5.-James-M.
Bar r, vice president cf the Atchison, To*
peka and Santa "Fe, has accepted the po
sition of first vice president and general
manager of the Sea Board Air .Line sys
tem and will probably take charge May 1.
From South American Ports.
The Compania Sud Americana . de Va
i. . ¦
The steam schooner Ruth changed hands
recently and in the future will fly
the house flag of Charles Nelson. She is
almost a new vessel and one of the smart
est steam schooners on the coast. The
new owner is going to have her remodeled
and when the Ruth again goes to sea she
will be a thoroughly equipped . passenger
boat. At present she is In Seattle, but
will come here to 'be built up. A deck
house will be added and cabin accommo
dations of the latest do&ign put in.
The Ruth is going into the gol& field
trade. She is to sail Trom here about May
20 for Golofnin Bay, Nome City and Tel
ler. Passengers, freight and baggage for
Golofnin Bay will be transferred to, u
river steamer and landed at Chlnlck City.
The Ruth was built for A. W. Beadto
in 189S and is 378 tons gross burden. 151
feet long, 33 feet 5 inches broad and 10
feet 7 inches deep. She has been chartered
by H. R. Duffin for the Nome season and
later will go on the run between San
Francisco and Puget. Sound ports. .'....:,..
Bs Turned Into Passenger Boat.
Smart Steam Schooner Sold and Will
Among those who went away In the
cabin were: Major R. H. Zanner and
wife. Major "Walter Whitney and wite,
Chaplain J. A. Potter and wife. Captain
H. A. Peed and wife. Captain T. Franklin,
wife, child and sister, Captain E. A. Nel
wick and wife, Captain T. T. Jacksoi?
and wife, Captain J. H. Goldman, wife
and two children, Lieutenant F. F. Ot's,
wife and three children and ; nurse. Lieu
tenant C. N. Jones and wife, Victor Em
den and wife and C. G. Clifford and wife.
Mrs. C. Long, wife of Sergeant Long of
Company A, Tenth Infantry,' and. Mrs.
Charles Bernhardt, wife of Corporal
Bernhardt of Company C. Tenth Infantry,
also sailed on the transport.
The nurses were Miss Estelle HIne and
Miss Edith Richmond.
Eight Cubans, who came from Havana
with the Fifteenth Cavalry, were at first
refused passage to Manila. The officers of
the squadron asserted that the men were
their servants and insisted on takin?
them along. The matter was referred to
General Shafter and he oermilted tho
Cubans to sail on the Kilpatrick.
RUTH IS TO BE REMODELED.
The Kilpatrick took away 5 officers and
319 men of the Eleventh Infantry, 1 officer
and 97 men of the Fifteenth Cavalry, »
officers and 271 men of the First Infantry
and 2 officers and 150 men of the Tenth
Infantry. There is also aboard ten male
civilians, two lemale nurses, twenty fe
male civilians and fourteen children.
fer^flHERE was plenty of martial
1 music on the transport wharf
1 'yesterday. It 's some time sinco
JJL a military band went to the Phil
ippines and the last one that did
go departed in silence. The transport^
Kilpatrlck sailed promptly at noon yei
terday and with her went the headquar
ters band of the Eleventh Infantry.. While
the soldiers were on the wharf the band
played and as the steamship moved away
from, the wharf the strains of a rollick-
Ing Cakewalk came over the water.
_"";-,"'. » ." . .". Friday. Asril 5. .
Stmr. Chas D Lane, Ames, 4 days from Se
attle. .' -.¦•elSprqw . ?: , :
¦ Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours : from
Greenwood.; : ¦ -¦ • <
- Stmr. Navarro, H arisen, 11.. hours from
Bowens Landlnz. • » . „ ¦
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, .22 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Pedro; put in. to land pas
sengers. , ¦ • ¦ • ¦ ¦-.. - ¦ ., ; ¦ :' v'
¦ Stmr ¦: City .-of Sydney, McLean. 28 days - 19
hours 3S minutes from Panama, via Muzatlan
,6 days, 17. hours 71 iiiliniliii "»""', ''"'""'^HjjCf
j.Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall," 61%. hours from
Portland, ; via . Astoria 50% . hours, f. .«¦>¦
• Stmr. ZealanSIa, , Dowdell, ,7 days 23 hours 40
minutes from Honolulu. ¦: - - • , •-'.-.'- V ,. :
' Stmr . North . Fork, McLellan, \ 29 hours • from
Eureka. . - .-. ..... ,.•••¦. -. ¦ ..,-; _- ' , ¦, • '. . ?.-:
. ' Stmr . Scot!a,' l .'Walvig:, . 30 : hours from Eureka.
The echooner . .Viklngr- cleared yesterday, for
Mazatlan . with 5000 gals gasoline, 500 ctls bar- .
ley, 100 bales hay,: 70 cs dynamite, 23 , kegs
nails. 2S.300 lbs powder, 20 cs caps and fuse,
D4 jbd Is shooks, . 205,936 ft' lumber and 12 cs
hardware. The cargo was valued, at $8383.<i" ,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Merchandise for Mexico.
• v ¦ •¦ .
,The Emma Claudina will load .lumber at
Eureka for Honolulu; the.G. TV. YVatson. mer
chandise here"" for • same ''port; the Ivanhoe,
lumber at Port Blakeley for Melbourne, 57s
.6d; the Senator, wheat at Seattle. for Europe,
36s 6d; the Star of Bengal, lumber on Puget
Sound for Adelaide, 61s 3d; the British steamer
Warfleld, ' wheat at ', Tacoma, for West Coast,
27s' Gd; the British steamer Monmouthshire,
wheat . at Portland for St. " Vincent for orders,
37s 6d^ : • • .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The repairs to the German ship Edmund,
that (.went ashore at Santa Rosalia, -will
take considerable time and will be very
expensive. More than 150 new plates will
have to be put in, 100 plates taken out an.l
straightened and the deck beams repaired.-
The overhauling will be done at the Union
Iron Works. The Edmund was bound
from Santa Rosalia for Portland in bal
last. Soon after a start had been made
the wind fell light and the ship drifzed
ashore. The. tug Defiance was sent. from
here to her assistance and about the mrJ
dle of January got her off and towedsher
to.-San" Francisco. The Edmund • was for
merly the British ship William Tell.
The schooner Reliance was sold by-th- 1 ?
United States Marshal yesterday for- $1500
to - Charles Conklin. She was libeled by
A/.W. Beadle & Co. to secure payment of
a number of debts.
• Southeast storm signals were flying on
the water front yesterday afternoon and
captains of ships were busy until dark
ness, set in making their vessels snug for
the night.: u
The schooner Archie and Fontie had to
anchor off the Cliff House yesterday af
ternoon. She was coming in from Stew
arts Point- when her steering gear broke.
Distress signals were set and the life-sav
ing crew went out to her. Later a tug was
sent out and towed her : in;
Water Front Notes.
Linnet Bausen jumped into the bay from
Union-street wharf yesterday. . He was
rescued and taken to the Harbor Hospi
tal and was soon out of danger. Bausen
formerly worked hero in a restaurant
and, getting tired of his job, went to Chi
cago. A few weeks ago he came back to
San Francisco to look for his brother.
Failing to find him he grew despondent
and tried to drown himself. The doctors
at the hospital think the man Is demented.
• An old battered valise containing a few
articles of woman's clothing was foun;!
near where Bausen jumped into the bay
and some one started a' story that a
woman had- also jumped overboard. Th3
police "Investigated the matter, and. say
there is no truth in the rumor. .
Tries to Commit Suicide.
The American-Hawaiian Steamsnip
Company's Hawaiian arrived from Nor
York Thursday night. Shfa brought' no pas
sengers, but has aboard an enormous car
go. /After discharging the Hawaiian will
go from here to Honolulu to load sugar
for the East. Captain Banfield, who brings
the Hawaiian here on her maiden voyage,
is well known in the New York-San B"rari
cisco trade, having been here as master
of the bark St. James and ship Edward
O'Brien. •
The Hawaiian left New York sixty-eight
days ago and had an uneventful voyage.
She arrived at St. Lucia on February 3
and after coaling sailed again the next
day. There were no Incidents passing
through the Straits of Magellan and on.
March 8 Coronel was reached. After a
stop of two days the big freighter was
headed for San Francisco, arriving as
above. .
Freight From New York.
pores' steamship Arequlpa arrived from
Valparaiso via Mazatlan yesterday. She
left Mazatlan two days after the Pacific
Mail Company's City of Sydney, but
passed that vessel at 10 o'clock. Thursday
night. She has only 250 tons of freight
and the following passengers:
A. Mosca, M. Montiglio, from Callao; H.
Schellenger, wife and two children, A. Araama,
C. H. Dreste, Mrs. Dreste, M. Cortez and B.
Ogden. . •
The City of Sydney brought up about
2000 tons of freight, mostly coffee, and the
following passengers:
D. S. Parkes, George R. . Polack, A. W.
Ablett. Richard Rodell. Cristobal and Angela
Seckablzza,- Juan Perv.sina, Rosario Peruslna,
Adella Jlmlnez,- Exaquira Rublo, Juan Sanchez,
F. Berkln and E. Reynolds.
Both the Sydney and Arequipa ran into
some heavy weather corning up the coast.
DENVER: April 5.— Merrill R. Mitchell,
a civil engineer, who for the last two
years has . been superintending the con
struction of the Mexican Central Railroad
from Guadalajara to the Pacific Coast,
was in Denver to-day on his way East.
He said:
"As in all new countries labor Is scarce
and we have had much difficulty in build
ing the grades. The work .is let out to
contractors and they in turn contract with
agents for any class of laborers that can
be furnished. For the last six months
these labor contractors imported Chinese
coolies, who were kept in a condition of
actual slavery.
"The _coolies^are imported from China
and their transportation is paid by tht.
contractors, who hold over their head»
the debt thus contracted. They are housed
in camps which have absolutely no sani
tary arrangements and are worked like
slaves. Besides this they are insufficiently
fed and made to do .he hardest kind of
work, at which they are kept from four
teen to sixteen- hours. When the time of
their contract has expired they are rarely
re-engaged, as the contractors prefer to
Import a fresh lot, over whom they can
hold the debt for their transportation.
"When one of the coclies becomes un
ruly he is tied to a stake and beaten aitd
otherwise maltreated. Some of the
stronger and more courageous run away,
but those who are captured are made ex
amples of by their employers. Many of
them die and no attention at all Is paid
to those who break down under the ter
rible strain imposed upon them."
* — »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mexican Railroad Contrac
tors Said to Use a Pe
culiar System.
IMPORT SLAVES
FOR THE WORK
¦ .' . ,¦ ?— .-. : . - ¦
Several Cubans Who Game Here From Havana With the
Fifteenth Cavalry Are at First Refused Passage, but
Are Passed as Officers' Servants by General Shafter
OMAHA, April 5.— Two Police Judges,
each claiming legal possession of the Po
lice Court bench and one getting aril
holding it by force of a squad of uni
formed policemen, was the spectacle here
this morning.
The two were- Samuel I. Gordon, the
regularly elected Police Judge, who was
suspended by action of the Mayor and
Council last evening, but which action he
claims was wholly illegal, and Brycn
Crawford, Justice of the Peace, who was
named bv the Mayor and confirmed by
the Oouncil last night as Gordon's suc
cessor during his suspension from office.
Crawford arrived Irst vnis morning. He
at once took possession of the bench,
¦while B force of six uniformed patrolmen
under Sergeant Bebout surrounded the
desk. Then the morning prisoners wer-2
brought into the courtroom. Crawford
sentenced several.
Later Judge Gordon arrived on the scene,
accompanied by his son. With perfect de
liberation and coolness Gordon removed
his hat and overcoat and, noticing thai
the chair on the bench was occupied, he
picked up a chair of his own and pro
ceeded to step through the gate and upon
the bench.
"You can't come up here," said the new
Judge. "Court is in session and we can't
allow anything of this kind." . y
"You can't go. through here," re-echoed
Sergeant Bebout, stretcning out his am
before the gate.
With a rival Judge reinforced by an ar
ray of armed policemen Judge Gordon ac
knowledged that his demands for posses
sion had been met by- resistance and he
asserted that he was the legally elected
Police Judge and entitled to such posses
sion, not having received notice to the
contrary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Controversy Between Judges
in Omaha Furnishes
Brief Comedy.
PDLICEMEH HELP
HIM HOLD COURT
NEW YORK, April 6.— Reports that
huge railroad combinations are in process
of formation were widely circulated here
to-day. Detailed statements concerning
the plan alrcaly published looking to the
combination of all the great railway sys
tems of the United States under the con
trol of one company were given, but as a
general thing prominent railroad officials
and bankers declined to discuss the mat
ter.
According to all accounts the enterprise
involved the greatest cobmbination of
capital known in the history of finance.
It was said the company would be formed
under the laws of New Jersey for the pur
pose of conducting a general freight and
transportation business throughout the
United States; that the company would
hold a controlling interest in all the great
railway systems, and that the manage
ment of the roads would be vested in the
controlling company. "
According to the proposition each road
would preserve its identity and corporate
existence, but the new company would
control the affairs of all. J?y this policy,
it was asserted, large euips* of money
could be saved as a result of economics
in management and the stopping of rate
cutting. The names of men like J. Pier
pont Morgan. William • K. Vanderbilt,
James J. Hill, Edward B. Harriman,
George J. Gould. John D. Rockefeller. Ja
cob H. Schiff and James Stillman were
freely used.
One report stated that the first step in
the proposed plan would be the securing
of control of the stocks of the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, the Erie, the
Great Northern and the Northern Pacific,
and that provision would be made tor the
acquisition of other properties in the im
mediate future. DJscussing the reported
AMERICAN RAILROADS
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
Reports Gain Circulation That the
Morgan Syndicate Is ' Planning a
Combination of All the Big Lines
amalgamation of the railroad interests of
the country, the New York Press will say
to-morrow: •
"All that is aimed at. according to the
best authority obtainable, is a 'commu
nity of interests.'- The close amalgama
tion on a 'community of interests' basis
was first brought about through the ef
forts of J. Plerpont Morgan. As a result
of this close union of interest ruinous
rate wars are already at an end, not so
many high-priced officials are needed as
before and one can buy a ticket on any
trunk line in almost any one of the large
offices in the city. However, not a single
company will be formed under the New
Jersey laws to take over all the railroads
of the country Is not considered seriously
by well informed railway men."
Dispatches received in this city to-night
from Cincinnati stated that a gigantic
amalgamation of four railways under the
guiding hand of J. Pierpont Morgan had
already taken place. The roads men
tioned were the Southern Railway, the
Cincinnati. Hamilton and Dayton, the
Chicago. Indianapolis and Louisville and
the Cincinnati Southern. ! Relative to this
particular report, Samuel Thomas, presi
dent of the Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville Railroad, to-night said:
"At the present time there is little to say
about the deal. I believe the report that
comes from Cincinnati, however, is a lit
tle bit premature. I do not believe the
amalgamation has been effected yet. It Is
true that steps are under .consideration
looking toward a combination of the
roads mentioned. I think it will be ef
fected, for all of the interests are favor
able to it. It can scarcely be called an
amalgamation of the roads under the
scheme that is under consideration. It is
merely a centralization of power looking
toward the best interests of the various
road.s."
TRANSPORT KILPAJ RICK SAILS
WITH TROOPS FOR PHILIPPINES
STEAMSHIP RUTH AS SHE WILL. APPEAR WHEN REMODELED AND IN TRrM FOR THE CAPE NOME TRAD:
THE V^ESSEn HAS BEEN CHARTERED BY H. R. DUFFIN, WHO WILL RUN HER TO GODOLFIN BA'
NOME AND TELLER CITY. . • • "
young men belonging to some of the best
and wealthiest families of Bowling Green
and themselves members of the city's
most exclusive social circles were Indicted
by . the Grand Jury to-day for partici
pating in an escapade at Potter's College
Saturday, In which several young women
attending the college were also Involved.
The young men are Roland Fitch, Willis
Potter, Pleasant Potter, Floyd M. Nahm
and Harry Nahm. It is charged that they
placed a ladder to a window of the college
and enticed the girls from the college,
and when Professor Cabell, president of
the college, fired upon the men, they re
turned the fire, without wounding him.
The young men assert that they intended
to take the girls to a "duck supper."
The young women whom the indictment
charges the young men with attempting
to take* from the college are Misses Lena-
Hopkins of Louisiana, Ruth Hayes and
Florence Cottrell of Cloverport, Ky. ; Bes
sie Simpson of Nicholasville, Ky.. and
Bessie Boyer of Indiana,
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
$20. including berth and meals, for a five
days' trip on the elegant steamship Co
rona, sailing every Friday for San Pedro
and Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, Port Harford, Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura and other Interesting
points, allowing time for passengers to go
ashore, arriving in San Francisco Wed
nesday morning. Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., office 4 New Montgomery street, un
der Palace Hotel.
Boys Who Participated in, the Esca
" pade at Potter's College "Will
Se Punished.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky., April 5.— Five
GRAND JURY ITTDICTS
FROLICSOME YOUNGSTERS
After waiting all day for an answer
from Vice President Warren the confer
ence was adjourned to-night. The confer
ence will convene again to-morrow and
remain In session until either a favorable
reply has been leceived to the request for
a joint conference with the officials of the
road or until, in case of a refusal by the
officials to accede to the demand of the
men, some other plan of action has been
determined upon.
As showing the feeling among the men.
it is understood that the conductors,
whose wages have recently been adjusted
on a scale satisfactory to them, have ac
cepted and allowed to go in force their
new agreement conditioned upon a settle
ment satisfactory to the other employes
of the present differences. From 2500 to
3000 men are Interested In the results of
the conference.
The men are now paid by the day. The
request on the part of the conductors, en
gineers and firemen and other train men
is that the mileage system be substituted
and that 100 miles be adjudged a day's
work.
At a secret conference held yesterday an
invitation was sent by resolution to C. H.
Warren, second vice president and general
manager of the Central Railway of New
Jersey, asking him to be present to-day
and confer with the labor representatives
and listen to. their grievances. After be
ing in session for an hour to-day there
was a recess to await the, receipt of an
answer from Warren.
NEW-YORK, April 5.— A conference .was
held to-day In this city of the heads of
the national organizations of railway em
ployes and the chiefs of the organization
of men employed on the Central Railway
of New Jersey.
ing Action by a New
jersey Road.
Kailway Employes Await-
MILEAGE SYSTEM
THEIR DEMAND
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sommers from the ladder* and cutting a
deep sash in his left side, ripping through
his heavy leather jumper, vest and two
Sommers was floored by the animal'son
slaught and was being gored when Fred
Scholts, Sommers' hired man. brok&in
with Sommers' dog. a big mastiff The
dog gave battle and forced the bull to
leave Sommers. whereupon Scholts ran in
and dragged the Injured man from the
s'all. Sommers was so severely Injured
that he will probably die. and the mastiff
I was so badly hurt by the bull that It had
to be shot.
FARMER IN BATTLE
WITH MADDENED BULL
Infuriated Animal Attacks the Man in a
Stall and Is Goring Him to Death
When His Huge Mastiff Interferes
MIDDLEPORT, X. J.. April 5.—Jere
miah Sommers. a farmer living near this
village, is suffering from terrible injuriea
Inflicted by a bull. Sommers entered a
box stall where the animal was kept yes
terday and was immediately attacked.
The man attempted to escape, but found
that he had locked himself in.
The maddened animal lowered ltt head
and dashed at Sommers, ho I ra ", to^,'l r £ d
a ladder and grasped the lo^er rung,
shouting loudly for help. Just as he had
pulled himself up to the first round the I
bull again charged, this time knocking
DIES IGNORANT
OF HIS RICHES
Insane Man Who Owned a
Silver Mine Passes '
Away in Kansas. •
¦ » :
- Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, April 5.— A millionaire who
never knew of his fortune, although he
was 36 years' eld, died yesterday after
noon 1n an insane asylum in Wichita,
Kans., where he had spent the last twen
ty years. He was William Wood, owner
of the Little Emma mine, at Aspen, Colo.,
one of the richest silver mines ever dis
covered. '
The Emma mine, which is the sole prop
erty of the estate, reverts to William
Wood's mother, Mrs. Margaret Billings,
who is now living in Canada. Judge P.
L. Hubbard, who Jias protected Wood's
interests ever since he was appointed con
servator of the estate, in 1S93, will be se
lected as administrator. Comparatively,
little will go to Mrs. Billings on account
of the vast expense to which the estate
has been put in defending suits. attacking
its title to the mine.
The death of Wood closes a remarkable
story, which has been rehearsed over and
over again in the courts for the last sev
enteen years. . Thp Little Emma, was
staked by W. J. Wood, father of the in
sane man. Litigation over the property
commenced in 1884. Jerome Wheeler, who
fought to get control of the mine, found
Mrs. Wood and her family, who were in
poverty, and received deeds to the mine
for small sums, representing that it was
valueless, although at that time it was
producing more silver than any other
mine in the world.
J. H. Casserleigh of Leadvllle hunted up
the Wood heirs, informed them of Wheel
er's deception, and they began thefr fight
for the mine in 1S90. Nine years before
that, however, William Wood had been
made insane by a blow on the head. He
was then 16 years old. He was struck in
a saloon brawl in Wichita, Kans. Ulti
mately he became sole owner of the prop
erty. At the time of his death he was
about to be taken to Europe and placed
under the treatment of specialists in the
hope of restoring his reason.
TBXBUTE TO BRITAIN'S
CONSUL AT SANTIAGO
Pauncef ote Thanks the Navy Depart
ment for the Honor Bestowed on
His Majesty's Official.
WASHINGTON. April 5.— The Navy De
partment recently supplied to Lord
Pauncefote a photograph of the beautiful
bronze tablet which it was about to place
upon the house in Santiago occupied by
the late Frederick W. Ramsden, the Brit
ish Consul, who exerted himself so benev
olently in aid of the American residents
and prisoners during the siege. The State
Department has just received a letter of
acknowledgement from the British em
bassy, in which Lord Pauncefote says:
I am forwarding the photograph to His Ma
jesty's Government, who will, I feel sure, be
highly gratified at this generous recognition
of Mr Ramsden's service to American naval
prisoners during the Spanish-American war.
and at the expression of appreciation with
which you and Mr. Long were kind enough to
accompany it. I am, dear Mr. Secretary, yours
very truly, PAUNCEFOTE.
The Hon. John Hay.
School Regulation for. Women.
BERLIN. April 5.— Dr. Steudt, Prussian
Minister of Public Instruction, has Issued
a decree requiring henceforth that all wo
men auditors at Prussian universities
shall, before admission, show the same
schooling as the men.
Strar Chico, ! Dearborn, . 30 hours from Eu
reka, i
Br stmr Arequlpa, . Lee, 43 days from Val
paraiso, via Panama 26 days, via Mazatlan
4>,4 days.
Bark Andrew "Welch," Colly, 19 days from
Honolulu. . - ¦ ¦ - .. -*
Schr Sparrow, Clement, 3 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
• . . ' Friday, April 5.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. * .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. « ' .
Ship Oriental, Parker, Pyramid ' Harbor;
Alaska Packers' Association. ¦
' Ship McLaurin, Courtney, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Salmon Co. . .
Bark R P Rithet, McPhail. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Schr Maria E Smith, Nllsen, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Schr VikinK, Mortensen. Mazatlan; 'Wm Ol
sen; .
SAILED.
Friday, April t.
Stmr Tyonlc, Bennett. Seattle. .- ¦ ¦-, , ; i
Stmr Corona. Hinkle, Newport.'
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Seattle.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, San Diego. ¦ t
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
U S stmr . Kllpatrick, Rogers? Manila, via
Honolulu. •¦
Nor stmr Kvarven. Kanitz, . Nanaimo. - .
Bark Harvester. Wickburgr, Kariuk.
Brig \V G Irwin, Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen, Eureka.
. Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Point Arena.
.iSchr Vikinsr, Mortenson. Mazatlan.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 5, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S; velocity 20 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SE ¦ storm signals have been ordered ! from
San Francisco north to Eureka. Humboldt Co.
....... DOMESTIC PORTS.
/ SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 5— Stmr Homer,
from Trinidad. < -;
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 4-Stmr
Coquille River, hence March 30. April 5— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence April 1.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 4— Stmr Czarina,
hence March 30; stmr Farallon, from Skaguay. '
Sailed April 4— Stmr Ruth, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
Arrived April 5-rStmr Humboldt, from
Alaska.
BANDON — Arrived April 5 — Stmr Argo, hence
April 2.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April »— Stmr Rival,
hence April 2.
EVERETT— Sailed April &-Schr Premier, for
Bristol Bay. • ¦ :
. NEAH BAY— Passed our April 5— Stmr Mat
teawan, from Tacoma. for San Francisco; Br
ship Glooscap, from Port Blakeley, for Mel
bourne.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 4— Br
bark Ivanhoe, from Royal Roads, for .
EUREKA— Sailed April 5— Stmrs Brunswick
•and Pomona, for San Francisco.
¦ »Tived April 5— Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
April 4.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 5— Stmr Columbia,
henee Arril 3. ¦
." VENTURA— Sailed April 5— Stmr Geo" Loo-*
mis. for P' •> Francisco.
"r.T{T BRAGG— Sailed April 5— Stmrs Na
tional City and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April &-Schr Orient,'
for Grays Harbor. ' ',
FOREIGN PORTS. •' [
HONGKONG — Arrived April 5— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence March 7. '
NAGASAKI— Arrived April 5— Ship John A
Bribes,', from Philadelphia. '-V'.'. '-»¦.'
OCEAN .STEAMERS.
• NEW . YORK— Arrived Aurll: 5— Stmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg:- ¦ . ."-n .' ; •
BOSTON— Arrived April 5— Stmr i Common-'
wealth, from Liverpool and Queenstown. 1
BREMKN— Arrived April 5— Strrir Lahn, from
New York. -' • : .
¦ GENOA — Arrived April - 5 — Stmr AHer, via
Gibraltar." .
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 5— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Bremen and Southampton, for New
York. ¦ • ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 5— Stmr Irish
.man, •from Boston: stmr New England, from
Boston. ¦ • -•¦ ¦ •
MOVILLE— Sailed April 5— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed April 5— Stmr Evangellne,
for Halifax and St John. ¦^¦.! 1 '*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
i Times and r Heights of High and Low
• ' ' "Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. "
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city, front * (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-flve minutes later than afFort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY; APRIL 6, 1901.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
8
H Time Time ' Time Time ' . '
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J H AV| L W , H W - L W ,
6'..: 0:20 .5.3 6:49 0.4 .1:50 4.5 6:33 .2.4
"7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 7:06 2.8
8 ... 1:16 6.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
•9 ... 1:50 5.1 9:00 0.4 -4:24 4.3 8:41 3.2
10... 2:36 5.0 ' 9:55 0.5 5:24 4.4 &:54 3.2
11 ...I -3:36] 4.8 1O.:52 0.5 6:18 4.5 11:17 3.1
12'.:. I 4:50| 4.7 U:52| 0.6 ', 7;07 4.8!...........
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails
Pier
_ April O.
S???'™ • £°° s Bay 12 m Pier 13
fiftsSS Grays Harbor 3 pm|Pler 16
?""**•• Humboldt 1 9 am Pier 13
mUltffi?"'" Honolul " 2 pm Pier 1
p m^L?^y 1 Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Point Arena.. p O i n t Arena 2 pm Pier i
April 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier i
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April S.
RaJnJer. Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier i
Pomona...... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Lr. \V . Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
April 9.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 13 m PM3S
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm PJer 2
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Hongkong 21 China and Japan.. 1 pm PMS3
Bonlta Xewport 9 am Pier 11
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay. 3 pm Pier —
- April 1O.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way [13 mlS.W. i
Newburg Grays Harbor 1— pm Pier a
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 11.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
Newtjurg 3rays Harbor ... Apr. 6
Coronado Graya Harbor Apr. 6
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 8
Pomona Humboldt -..-. Apr. B
Arcata.. Coos Bay Apr. S
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr. 6
ProRreso Tacoma Apr. 6
Zealandla. ...... Honolulu j Apr. 6
State of Cal Puget Sd & "Way PortaiApr. 7
Titania..... Nanalmo ........." |Apr. 1
Queen '....... San Diego ............. Apr. 7
Matteawan Tacoma — Apr. 7
Konita.......... Newport ..'... Apr. 7
Ventura; Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr. 8
Are;o Coqullle River Apr. 8
China China. and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 9
St. Paul... New York via Panama Apr. 10
Columbia. | Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
Corona.:.... Newport -.... Apr. 10
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aor. 11
Santa Rosa 3an Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 11
Walla "Walla... I Puget Sd & "Way Ports Apr. 12
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails
Pier
_ April O.
S???'™ • £°° s Bay 12 m Pier 13
fiftsSS Grays Harbor 3 pm|Pler 16
?""**•• Humboldt 1 9 am Pier 13
mUltffi?"'" Honolul " 2 pm Pier 1
p m^L?^y 1 Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Point Arena.. p O i n t Arena 2 pm Pier i
April 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier i
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April S.
RaJnJer. Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier i
Pomona...... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Lr. \V . Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
April 9.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 13 m PM3S
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm PJer 2
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Hongkong 21 China and Japan.. 1 pm PMS3
Bonlta Xewport 9 am Pier 11
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay. 3 pm Pier —
- April 1O.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way [13 mlS.W. i
Newburg Grays Harbor 1— pm Pier a
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 11.
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
H Time Time ' Time Time ' . '
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
J H AV| L W , H W - L W ,
6'..: 0:20 .5.3 6:49 0.4 .1:50 4.5 6:33 .2.4
"7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 7:06 2.8
8 ... 1:16 6.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
•9 ... 1:50 5.1 9:00 0.4 -4:24 4.3 8:41 3.2
10... 2:36 5.0 ' 9:55 0.5 5:24 4.4 &:54 3.2
11 ...I -3:36] 4.8 1O.:52 0.5 6:18 4.5 11:17 3.1
12'.:. I 4:50| 4.7 U:52| 0.6 ', 7;07 4.8!...........
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
Newtjurg 3rays Harbor ... Apr. 6
Coronado Graya Harbor Apr. 6
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 8
Pomona Humboldt -..-. Apr. B
Arcata.. Coos Bay Apr. S
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr. 6
ProRreso Tacoma Apr. 6
Zealandla. ...... Honolulu j Apr. 6
State of Cal Puget Sd & "Way PortaiApr. 7
Titania..... Nanalmo ........." |Apr. 1
Queen '....... San Diego ............. Apr. 7
Matteawan Tacoma — Apr. 7
Konita.......... Newport ..'... Apr. 7
Ventura; Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr. 8
Are;o Coqullle River Apr. 8
China China. and Japan Apr. 9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 9
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 9
St. Paul... New York via Panama Apr. 10
Columbia. | Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
Corona.:.... Newport -.... Apr. 10
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aor. 11
Santa Rosa 3an Diego Apr. 11
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 11
Walla "Walla... I Puget Sd & "Way Ports Apr. 12
¦ imiii I .ii J^«.uJi«(^i Q 1 • . MgSil %
Hif * .,J his J? lk is to the man who wears the shirt It's good for deal- fei
Eargji " • " r s reading, tool . . p~ t 4
EH ' " c*' S about STANDARD SHI RTS-the shirt for vou - ffel
M ¦ ri^Hl d S^ are made t0 raake friends-made to fit.- Made U?i
gg - right oUhe right stuff, right here in San Francisco. pji
III ' shirte hf<r P i C h nty b }£ ' e ?°,Y gh f0 5 Stout mcn ' bi^er than other pi
|H lta^drrdlhkte? re W ' a P^Harityof-. M
M^y^^t^S^J^S '° """ ° r recommend - Sold H
|g Neustadter -Bros., Mfgrs., San Francisco. M
Expectsoit MotherKood 1
H^[C*<""''V^3£liBKp*7 I I advise every suffering woman io take Vine cf Cardui. While I was going with my J^l
%fA I other children I was compelled to stay in bed for days at a time but this time I have taken JSJSJ
WW- a -Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught and have been able to do-all my housework P8B
Bm\ V^P*3L \K Wi without any trouble. I am expecting every day to be confined. My husband thinks Wine yEJ\
ffii \&sf tfeli cf Cerdui is the best medicinz in the world. Hi taV,s a dose of Thedford's Black-Draught K||
wLf every ni«ht and gives some to the children. He has not lost a day from work this year. Mg
LX- O^" *ljflai|jq |§P*^H He tellt his friends about your wonderful medicines and I tell my lady friends to use your Ipa
lIP^ \--f^_ There arc thousands of women who shrink in terror at the thought of the B$g
. baby's coming. But child-birth is one of the workings of Nature and it was wsk
not intended to imply torture and ago"*.' to the heroic mothers of the race. f|l
fc^<jjfjaP df^ffla nc woman w^° $u^ crs torture during pregnancy and at child-birth has usually, &M
HgajciPr B3o|§&il by sornc indiscretion, injured the organs which make her a woman. Neglect of ff|
IffsifL^ re&wil! menstrual irregularities leads to ovarian pains, falling of the womb and leucor- l|l
\Sj»»|lfgjffl(ftHr tL ttff|j6SH rhoea, and the period of pregnancy is necessarily distressing under these conditions. £§&
will regulate the menstrual function perfectly and eventually m?ke the generative organs strong and ¦ ,y:^B r
||| healihy. Pregnancy and childbirth have no terrors for the woman who takes this p*ure Wine. A e&
|i|| strong healthy womb will bring its precious burden to maturity with little or no pain. • A healthy &£
i?3 woman need not fear childbirth. Wine of Cardui completely cures all these troubles familiarly known
t% u "female diseases" and equips the sensitive generative organs for pregnancy and childbirth. It will £ mk
B« save -any mother much pain and suffering All druggists sell $1.00 bottles.
PSCT For advice and literature, addicts, giving symptoms, "The Ladies' Adrisory Son
g£s Department," The Cfcattaaoopv Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. K§1Afflicted Teachers Barred.
The Board of Education Is about to take
preliminary steps to enforce Its rule that
teachers afflicted -*iih tuberculosis sha'tl
rot be permitted to instruct pupils in the
public schools. Director Casserly saH
ypstcrdav that in a ffvr days the co-opera
tion of the Board of Health would be in
voked in the examination of , suspected
cases. »
« » ¦
DrVORCE StJITS FILED.- Suit* Tor divorce
•w-tp filed yesterday \,y John C. ; Beck against
Klizaheth C. Reck lor desertion and Ahhte
ny^ados aralnst Charles nhcades for cruelty
THE famous portrait of Georglanna,
fifth Duchess of Devonshire, stol
en in 1876 from a London art gal
lery by American thieves, has been
recovered through the instrumen
tality of the Pinkerton Detective Agency.
The theft of the picture, its subsequent
history and the remarkable persistency of
William A. Pinkerton in trying to trace
it for twenty-five years makes a tale that
would discount most fiction and make a
living Sherlock Holmes jelalous.
A peculiar feature of the crime lies in
the fact that the almost priceless canvas
was not purloined with any intention on
the part of the thieves of. accepting the
large reward offered for it "or with any
idea of selling it once it was in their pos
session. Instead it was to be used by the
conspirators as a means of compelling its
owners to provide ' ball for a notorious
crook who had been arrested in France
on a charge of forging drafts for a large
amount against English banking houses.
The Messrs. Agnew, art dealers of 39
Bond street. Ixmdon. paid in 1875 the then
fabulous price of 10,500- guineas for the
painting and placed It on exhibition in
their establishment.
The portrait had been recognized for al
most e 'century as the masterpiece of
Gainsborough, the greatest of English
painters. During a severe storm on the
night of May 15, 1876, thieves entered the
Agnew establishment and cut the picture
from its frame, afterward making good
their -escape. The theft of the renowned
portrait created a great sensation at the
time, but r.o trace of it was -found until
several years later, when Joe Elliott, alias
"Little Joe," a New York forger of in
ternational reputation, sent for William
Mrs. Sargent Wants to Vote.
Mrs. Ellen C. Sargent, who recent!:/
sought to compel the city to return to her
moneys paid for taxes or. the ground that
she should not be compelled to pay taxes
unless given the right to vote, "filed a
petition in the Superior Court yesterday
to compel the Board of Election' Commis
-ior<=rs to permit her to register and vote
at rhe next election.
ALLEGED BUNKO MAN
REGAINS HIS LIBERTY
Difficulty of Sustaining a Conviction
Again Exemplified in Ma
honey's Case.
The difficulty of convicting an alleged
bunko steerer was exemplified again yes
terday when Judges Cook and Lawlor,
sitting in bank, heard the appeal in the
rase of Charles Mahonw. who was con
victed of vagrancy in June last and sen
tenced to six months in the County Ja'l
by Judge Conlan.
Judge Graham represented Mahoney at
the trial, but yesterday Attorney Mowry
appeared for him. He contended that ther"»
was nothing in the evidence to prove thai
the defendant was a vagrant and the
Judges agreed with h'm and sustained
¦the appeal.
Mahoney has been arrested several
times since his conviction, but was sim
p'y shown to the watches and released.
operations.
A partial confession by Dan Sullivan,
discoveries by experts of Irregularities in
Peery's methods of handling funds and
peculiar entries in the books of J." J.
Groom, clerk of Judge Fritz's Police
Court, were the | features of the day at
the Hall of Justice. While Sullivan's con
fession Is not as full as the police and
members of the Grand Jury like it to be,
it shows he had prepared for wholesale
Thursday afternoon Sullivan signified to
Captain Seymour his desire to go over the
books of the different courts and to point
out the names of the parties upon whose
alleged orders he had obtained money.
When he awoke in the morning he was
hot feeling well and asked to be excused
from undergoing the ordeal. Captain Sey
mour was Insistent and had the books
sent up to the prison in charge of De
lective Coleman.
After a desultory examination of over
an hour he handed in the following list of
admitted bail withdrawal orders, claim
ing- it covered all .his delinquencies bn
those orders to which he had forged the
Judges' names:
Department 1. Judge Moran—
J. C. Wilson. November 18 $100
Jennie Foster. March 25 60
Ciertie Raymond, March lti 60
Total .$200
Department 2, Judge Conlan—
Ching Suey, A. D. W $250
Ella Thomas, D. T. P 260
Marshall 200
Brooks 200
Kenny 100
Alburn 100
Total J1100
Department 3, Judge Fritz-
Frank Nugent, March 25 $100
B. C. Park, March 22 100
Total 1200
Or full total of $1500. . .•
Sullivan said he was unable to say what
portion of these orders bore genuine sig
natures of Judges and which forged unless
ho saw them. He said he was sure this
covered all, but he would go over the
books later if he felt better. There was
no change for the better during the after
noon, and the work will be taken up at a
later date.
Together with the orders that Sullivan
is blown to have previously cashed,
with those he admits, his total
runs up to $2000. But as there is a dupli
cation in the matter of Ella Thomas and
th« four bunko men, Mar"shall, Brooks
Kenny and Alburn, whose money was
withdrawn in two orders under the name
of A. Mack, the total will be $2000 approxi
mately.
Sullivan's Indisposition.
. Sullivan's- indisposition is the result of
a cold and the sudden breaking off from
liquor. He is not in a serious condition,
though not as loquacious as heretofore.
Before many days it is expected he will
tell what he did with the money and who
shared it with him.
Sullivan's case is on the calendar of
Judge Cabaniss' court for this morning,
but it may be postponed.
Peery distinguished himself by turning
over $250 which he had kept in his safe
since last October, when it should have
been transmitted to tne Treasurer through
the County Clerk at that time. Charles
Mahoney was arrested for vagrancy on
July 2 of last year and later was convict
ed. He was defended by Judge Graham.
He took an appeal to the Superior Court
soon after and $250 cash bail was put up.
This, according to Peery's statement, was
placed in an envelope and left in his safe.
When Mahoney's case was dismissed yes
terday Peerv made haste to hand him
back "his money. In all these cases the re
quirement of the law is that the bonds or
the bail money must be transmitted with
the notice of appeal to the County Clerk.
The County Clerk retains possession of
the bonds and places the money in the
city treasury.
Cne explanation made by Peery is that
his clerks did not know what to do with
this money, as it was the first appeal case
that came under their notice. So after
many lengthy consultations it waa de
cided to keep it in the safe and treat it as
a special deposit. It reposed there undis
turbed until the scandal broke out, when,
Peery says, he did not like to turn it in to
the treasury on account of the fuss that
would be made.
Groom to Be Superseded.
WARRANTS MUST BE
AUDITED HEREAFTER
Clerk J. J. Groom was still at the desk
in Judge Fritz's court yesterday, al
though Chief Deputy Goddard was pres
ent to watch proceedings. Groom will be
superseded by Ambrose Watson on Mon
day. The change would have been made
yesterday, but as it was law and motion
day in the Superior Court Watson had to
remain at his desk in Judge Hunt's court.
The irregularities in Groom's books con
sist mainly in failures to properly note
the deductions of fines from bails and
othor discrepancies, which the ' expert is
endeavoring to solve. It is not known to
what extent Groom has erred in this mat
ter, but the Grand Jury will insist on a
full explanation of every transaction. All
tho books of the clerks are being experted
in the record room of the Police Depart
ment.
Cyril Williams, the expert, assisted by
Sergeant Charles McDonald, are working
together. It was discovered yesterday
that in the Kemppe case no entry was
made in the courtroom clerk's books, al
though the money, $500, was deposited
•witlr the Treasurer and drawn out on a
forged order by Sullivan.
All moneys in the hands of Peery up to
S o'clock yesterday were deposited with
the City Treasurer.
Xo demands for the payment out of ball
money were signed by any of the Police
Judges, nor were any discoveries of ad
ditional forgeries made. A nice legal
question as to which of the parties to
these crooked transactions is responsible
for the money that has been paid out will
be at issue in a few days.
Colonel S. H. Brooks, City Treasurer
decided yesterday that he would not paj
any more orders' for bail money unless
the orders had been passed by the Citj
and County Auditor. In' speaking of the
scandals and forgeries in connection with
bail money in the Police Courts Colonel
Brooks said:
• "I do not propose to take any mon
chances in cashing the orders of the Po
lice Judges for bail money. I have giver
orders to my deputies that after this datt
all orders must be passed by the City and
County Auditor. It bail money orders. art
presented at this office we shall refuse tc
"pay them unless the Auditor has passed
them. This taik about persons being put
to trouble to come. here and cash orders
is all stuff and nonsense. Any one having
a check on a bank has to go to the trou
ble to be identified in order to get the
check cashed, and for my own protection
and also for that of my deputies I pro
pose to take the precautions. . . '
"I think that a proper step in connection
with the payment of bail money would be
to require that a lithographed receipt
should be given when bail money is ac
cepted. This receipt should bear a num
ber, which number would be entered on
the books of this ofllce when the money
is received. t
"When a person desired to draw out' bail
money the order of the- Judge should be
issued, and my office would only pay the
money on presentation of the original re
ceipt, together with the order of the Judge
exonerating ' the bail. We would return
the original receipt to the bond and war
rant clerk and keep the order of- the
Judge. This method would be most effect
ive to prevent fraud df any kind." - , •
* Bond and Warrant Clerk Peery, when
told of the decision of the City Treasurer,
"Well, I suppose I will have to make out
duplicate papers for the City and County
Auditor, giving an -. - account of all bail
money I receive and pay. into theVdty
treasury. It will be hard on me to do It;
but' under the circumstances 'I shall have
no alternative. If the District -Attorney
would give" me a" bookkeeper Tall' this trou
ble might not have happened." ;
Peery Unearths Large Sum. of Bail
Money Long Held and Clerk
Groom Is Again Under
Fire.
Furnishes Police With List
of Admitted Forged
Bail Orders.
SULLIVAN MAKES
NEW STATEMENTS
In accordance with her custom inau
purated at the beginning- of this year,
Mrs. Kincaid, president of the Board of
Kducation, was the hostess at a charm
ing informal reception last niffht in the
rooms 'of the board at the City Hall.
The gTiests who partook of the hospital
ity of the lady who is guiding 1 the des
tinies of the School. Board with recog
nized ability, were the principals and
teachers of the various high schools.
The main room was tastefully adorned
with choice cut flowers which were
etrewn about in careless profusion. Mr?.
Xincaid was assisted in receiving by the
Hisses JefOrs. Directors Mark and Den
man were also present to lend dignity to
an occasion which means much to the
teachers of the department, as it is Mrs.
Kincaid's determination to bring them in
to closer social touch bv means of these
featherings.
The evening was pleasantly spent In an
informal discussion of general topics per
tinent to the education of tho youthful
mind and more particularly bearing upon
the proper administration of higrh school
affairs. The principal subject suggested
by Mrs. Kincaid for discussion was
¦whether the graduation exercises should
be discontinued in high schools. Some
took the stand that it was better to have
no exercises at the close of the term
as they tended to interfere with the
regular class studies. It was the senti
ment that if any exercises wore held at
all it would be preferable to have them
of a simple character.
During the evening the hostess and her
assistants served a light repast which
w'ould up an altogether enjoyable even
ing. Among the puests present were
Kllsha Brooks, principal of the Girls'
Hlffh School: Joseph O'Connor, principal
of the Mission High School; Walter Bush,
principal of the Polytechnic Hij?h School;
Frank Morton, principal of the Lowell
High School, and some forty teachers
from the institutions named.
Mrs. Kincafd Entertains the
Paculties of the High
Schools.
President of the Board of Education
Hostess at Gathering of Peda
gogues, Who Discuss Edu-
cational Topics.
TEACHERS GUESTS
AT A RECEPTION
Body Found Floating in Bay.
• The body of an unknown man/ evidently
about; 65 years of age,. was found float! ne
in tne> bay bffXWasb'^ston-street - wharf
yesterday '- afternoon. 1 -'--- There \ was ¦ nothing
on the body 'by which" it could be identi
fied. -,;.;.
In* JsM of St. Dominic's "Church.
Mucl^Hpr«st is shown in the dramatic
entertariment.and reception in aid of St.
Dominic's Church next Monday evening
at Golden Gate HalL The drama, , "A
Fighting Chance: or, For. the Blue or the-
Gray," will be presented by ; members, of.
the Rosarian Society:- After. the. play a re
ception^will. be. held..; The *muslc" for the
evening will-be quite a feature *of the en
tertainment . • ' . ¦
New Fish Commissioners.
"VV. W. Arsdale of this city and. ~W. Tf-.
Gerber of Sacramento took their seats as
Fish Commissioners at the meeting of th«
board yesterday afternoon. They suc
ceeded Alexander T. Vogelsang and C. B.
Gould, whose terms had expired. H. W.
Keller was elected president and John P.
Babcock. the present secretary, was left
undisturbed in. his position. -
SEE.IOTJS CHARGES MADE
AGAINST OFFICER BROWN
Accused of Drinking, Engaging in a
Fight and Making a False .
Report..
Charges were filed 'with Clerk Cadwala-
der of .the Police Board yesterday by Cap
tain Wittman against; Policeman George
O. Brown. From the nature of the charges
Brown may-have considerable difficulty
in retaining his star. f.
: It is- alleged that . on April 1 Brown
visited 'several saloons on- the- water front
and several times neglected to pay for
the drinks he consumed.' Between 3 and.
4 o'clock in the afternoon of that day he
entered, the saloon of J. H. Lunsman. 631
Davis street, and while drinking there
engaged ; in a dispute with Charles Reed,
a boatman, over the payment of drinks.
A fight ensued and Brown was cut in the
face and .'received other injuries.
• Brown, should have reported for duty at
5:45 p.' m., but failed ;o do so. and sent a
written report to Captain .Wittman that
he had been injured by falling downstairs,
the report -being accompanied by a doc
tor's certificate to the effect that he, would
be Incapacitated from duty for some da* s.
In addition to other charges Brown is
accused of. willfully making a false report
to a superior officer, which is a serious
offense." - : •. ,-•¦.. ¦ • ¦
- Rauer's Law r< and Collection' Co:, '] re
moved -to 313 Bush st. .«.
B The Polytechnic Business College v In tha
T. M. C. A. building in Oakland has just
ordered ten New : Century typewriters
from the United Typewriter and Supplies
Company, 327 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Ca!. . : • • •
The blood spurting from a deep gash In
the right arm of Tragedian Robert Down
ing served to arouse the audience at the
Central Thaater on Thursday night to a
high pitch of excitement.
It was a sensational climax to an ex
citing scene in "The Gladiator." where
the two antagonists rush in with a fury
apparently unrestrained to cleave each
other unto death. The clashing of the
broadswords had wrought the audience up
to a high tension, and it was then that
the weapon wielded by George Nicholls
overreached its mark and slashed Down
ing's arm. For a moment he stooa dazea,
then, hastily recovering his composure, he
continued' with his part and reassured the
audience. When the curtain fell, how-
CORPORATION ' FOBMED
• '' OF STUDEBAKEB BROS.
Important Change Made by Well-
Known Firm of Carriage-Builders
Interests Local Capital.
The local branch of f he well-known firm
of Studebaker Bros. & Co. of South Bend.
Ind.. has in the* past few days become a
separate corporation under the name of
Studebaker Bros. & of California. '
Frederick S. Fish, one of the lead us?
members of the Eastern • firm, has^ar
ransed the details of the incorporation of
the local branch, similar corporations be
ing established in Salt Lake, Portland aud
other Western cities.
The object of the central ofnee in estab
lishing local corporations is to make them
local concerns with home management
and home capital invested. The South
Bend firm will retain a controlllne inter
est in the new corporations. The local di
rectors of the new corooration are Lloyd
F Weaver, George H. Newhall. Daniel
W. Earll and George, M. Studebaker.
ever, Mr. Downing was covered with
blood and It required the services of a
physician to stanch the flow. After the
last act several stitches were made to
bring the severed parts together.
A similar occurrence marked the first
night's presentation of "The Gladiator" at
the Central Theater. Upon that occasion
Actor George Nicholls had his upper fore
arm severely 'gashed by Mr. Downing.
MOCK DUEL IN A THEATER
WITH A TOUCH OF REALISM
George Nicholls Slashes Robsrt Downing s
Arm During a Scene in "The Gladiator."
The Fire Commissioners have petitioned
the Board of Supervisors to include ijj-the
tax budget a sum aggregating not les*
than $100,000 for new firehouses. Ueven
new houses are asked for, on Stockton
street near Broadway, Pacific street near
Polk, Main street near Folsom; Douglass
street near Twentieth, Post street near
Webster, Howard street near Third and
San Bruno avenue near Twenty-fifth
street. ,
"Want ITew Firehouses.
A promlrient sporting 1 man from New
York, who visits the English race tracks
annually, is said to have finally got defi
nite trace of the portrait last year from
a party of American thieves then in Eu
rope, and reported the matter to Pinker
ton, who agreed to pay the reward and
ask no questions concerning Its theft or
subsequent wanderings. ; •
Several years ago the convict was dis
charged, after completing his term, broken
in health, and he again opened negotia
tions with the Pinkerton Agency. It was
ascertained that the portrait had been
brought to America fifteen years ago, and
the Asnews were induced through tho
English detectives to renew their offer of
a substantial reward for its recovery.
Last month a member df the firm vis
ited this country in search of 'the miss
ing portrait and was sent by the Pinker
tons from New York to Chicago. There,
on March zl, the picture was recovered
and is now on its way to England.
No specific details of the transaction re
storing the portrait to its rightful owners
are given by the detectives further than
the fact that it was surrendered on the
understanding that the reward would be
paid through a third party and no at
tempt would be made to prosecute the
men who gave it up. It is said that
Charles Becker, alias "the Dutchman," a.
forger, now serving a sentence at San
Quentin, was a member of the gang that
originally stole the picture in 1876.
t . •
A. Pinkerton and offered to divulge the
whereabouts of the Gainsborough portrait
on condition that he be pardoned from
the Albany penitentiary, where ,lie was
serving a long sentence for forgery. Pin
kerton declined to have anything to do
with the matter on such terms, but noti
fied Scotland Yard of Elliott's proposi
tion.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday recommenced the passage of
the ordinance making it a misdemeanor
for any one to secure or endeavor to se
cure the benefits of the pupils' half-fare
ordinance by falsely representing himself
to be entitled to the privilege.
Recommends Its Passage.
With one fell swoop the Supreme Court
yesterday blighted the hopes of W. H.
Robinson . and a dozen other plaintiffs
from ever collecting $600,000 from, the
Southern Pacific Company for an alleged
violation. of section 490 of the Civil Code,
which compels corporations to give stop
over privileges to its passengers or pay a
penalty of $200. The importance of the de
cision can be better appreciated when it
Is known that more than 3000 cases are
pending before the courts of the State and
were dependent upon the decision of the
appellate court. . .
The opinion of the court was written by
Justice Garoutte and was concurred in
by a majority of the Justices. It appears
from the opinion that action waa brought
to .restrain, "W. H. Robinson, L. S. Robin
son, Thomas D. Poole, C. "W. Bassett. C.
H. Loomis, Aaron Bretz, "W. N. Griswold,
Frederick Hiller, John Doe, Richard. Roe,
William" Smith, Edward Jones, Samuel
Wllklns, -James Grove, Thomas Adams,
Henry Jackson, Peter Stone, Joslah Bond,
Jonathan Edwards and Joseph Black
from prosecuting about 500 suits which, It
was alleged in the complaint, they had al
ready commenced," and . from, beginning
any other actions based upon claims for
penalties of $200 each which they claimed
were due \ them by reason of the alleged
violation by the Southern Pacific Com
pany of the provisions of section 490 of the
Civil Code. " ¦"."•' ¦ ' -
The railroad company alleged that Rob
inson et al. comprised a confederacy of in
dividuals who had been seeking .to extort
money from the railroad company by lay
ing apparent foundations for claims to
penalties.
Upon the trial the court found as a fact
that 674 of these actions were pending in
various Justices' Courts, and also found
that 2300 other alleged causes of actfon of
the same general character were held "by
Robinson and others.
It appears that Robinson et al. held
about 3000 alleged causes of action against
the railroad company, -which they were
either prosecuting or threatening to pros
ecute and upon which they were claiming
about $600,000 in ! penalties, or, as they
termed it, ."liquidated damages." *
This important litigation rested upon
section 490 of the Civil Code, which grants
a stop-over privilege to passengers. The
section alluded to is as follows:
Every railroad corporation must provide, and.
on being tendered the fare therefor, fixed as
provided in this preceding section, furnish to
every person desiring a passage on their pas
senger cars a ticket which entitles a purchaser
to a ride, and to the accommodations provided
on their cars, from the depot or station where
the same is purchased to any other depot or
station on the line of their road. Bvery such
ticket entitles the holder thereof . to ride in
their passenger cars to the station or depot of
destination, or any intermediate Btatlon, and
from any intermediate stations to the depot of
destination designated in the ticket, at any
time within six months thereafter. Any cor
poration failing to so provide and furnish tick
ets, or refusing the passage which the same
calls for when sold, must pay to the person so
refused the sum of $200.
The foregoing section was construed by
the Supreme Court as granting stop-over
privileges to the passengers in the case of
Robinson vs. the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which is reported in volume 105 of
the California Reports, page 526. It has
been strenuously contended that the sec
tion had no such' effect, but the appellate
court determined that the railroad com
pany was mistaken in its contention as to
the law. Justice Garoutte, who wrote the
opinion, continues as follows:
Pending the decision of that case these ap
pellants most industriously engaged in the busi
ness of manufacturing the 3000 alleged causes
of action here involved. No case Is found In
the law books where an undertaking of this
character ever assumed such proportions and
where the spirit of speculation was carried on
daily for weeks, months and even years with
all the method of a great business undertaking;
and it may be well to suggest right here that
the law and the facts should be very plain
before any court would assist appellants car
rying out this questionable venture to a suc
cessful end.
In the enactment of the section of the code
the Legislature only intended to give the stop
over privilege to holders of tickets desiring to
exercise it. It would be a reductio ad ab
surdam to say that it . was Intended for any
other purpose. That is the entire force and
effect of the act; and it stands the same as If
it had said in plain and direct words: "A pas
senger holding a ticket and desiring a stop
over privilege is entitled to It by virtue of this
ticket," . but a desire to exercise a stop-over
privilege, and a desire to lay the foundation
for a cause of action by securing the refusal of
the stop-over privilege, cannot exist in the
mind at the same time. They are wholly ir
reconcilable and cannot stand together.
The evidence in this case is sufficient to sup
port the material findings of fact made by the
trial court.' and we will, not deal with it in
detail. It shows that these appellants combined
and concerted together to create these alleged
causes of action with the sole end in view of
securing the penalties or damages provided for
in the aforesaid section of the code, and that
fact is a vital point in the case.
The findings further establish that these ap
pellants did not desire the stop-over privilege,
but on the contrary, in making their demands
for such privilege, a desire that those demands
should be refused. It is. further found that ap
pellants stopped over, in Oakland in transit to
Alameda, for the single purpose and object of
securing a refusal upon a subsequent train of
the stop-over privilege, and thus lay the foun
dation for a cause of action.
There Is some general evidence that upon
twenty of these occasions when stop-over priv
ileges were denied certain of these appellants
had business in the city of Oakland." But the
evidence to this effect Is not clear and explicit,
and in view of the fact that 2980 of the stop
overs were made when the parties had no busi
ness, did not desire to stop over and demanded
the privileges simply to lay the foundation for
a suit based upon a denial thereof, we feel that
the court was entirely justified In placing these
twenty refusals in . a common receptacle with
the remaining 2980. .
Appellate Court Decides That a Con
spiracy Was Entered Into to
Mulct the Railroad
' Company. 4$
Supreme Court Knocks Out
Robinson and Other .
Contestants.
MAY STOP OVER
ONLY ON BUSINESS
THIS SAN FRANGISCO CALL, ;SATURDAY V APRIL fi,<i901;
Famous Gainsborough Portrait Lost
• in 1876 Recovered by Pirtkertons
at Chicago From American Thieves
PICTURE OF DUCHESS
OF DEVONSHIRE FOUND
THE FAMOUS GAINSBOROUGH *
PICTURE STOLEN BY AMERICAN
THIEVES YEARS AGO.
9
-A PERMANENCY — AND WHILE
"SO DROWSY."
Wlien True Natural Sleep Comes.
Actual changes take place in the Uttlts
corpuscles of the blood, and these changes
are brought about by changes in our
habits. For Instance, the coffee habit is
paid to produce a thickened condition of
the blood, that Is, under the microscope
the little round corpuscles show apparent
fibres, ah unnatural condition, which
makes trouble with the heart in cases of
coffee poisoning. It also affects the com-
plexion, frequently bringing on heart dis-
ease in some cases, and stomach and
bowel troubles are common with coffee
drinkers.
"Coffee treated me very badly indeed.
I got so I could not have a good night's
rest and had not for five years. My eyes
and complexion were duller than my
mother's, who was also a great coffee
drinker.
"Physicians told me I had acute kidney
and bladder trouble. I was nervous al-
most to the verse of hj-steria and my
memory failed me. I had grownr so th!n
I was little mow than a shadow and peo-
ple were continually asking me how much
younger my husoand was than myself.
(So comforting to a woman, you know.)
In truth he is fi\e years my senior. •
"Well, as a forlora hope I left off coffee
and took up Postum Food Coffee about a
year ago. I soon became so sleepy that
I could scarcely stay awake long enough
to take care of my baby. I did not real-
ize that I was sleeping naturally and
making up for lost time. Finally, I got
pretty well 'slept up,' the drowsiness dis-
appeared and I felt a decided improve-
ment in health. In three or four weeks
I was quite well and only needed to re-
gain my flesh and complexion. I waited
very patiently for an improvement in
these conditions, but it was about five
months before I was rewarded, then an
almost instantaneous change took plac??
and my complexion became clear aa-i
rosy. I gained in weight quickly anil
friends and neighbors commented on the
remarkable change. . -%-r^
"I have been constantly growing better
and now am feeling In finer condition
than ever before in my life, and I cau
surely say that I owe it all to leaving of
coffee and using Postum Food Coffee... .
"My 16-year-old Bister, like • myself,
drank coffee from a child. For the last
four years she was able to go to school
cr.ly a part of the time and the doctor
Eai<i she should not study at all. I In-
duced her to cult coffee and now her
bright eyes and fresh, fair complexion
show the result."
It wiJI be noticed that It took some
months before this woman secured the
remit. she wanted in the matter of com-
plexion and flesh. The change from coffee
produces a change In this particular
within a month usually, but it is evident
in her case that it required time to
change the corpuscles of the blood, arul
that when that change was made the re-
covery was very rauid.
Xarce and address can be given by. the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., at Battle Creek,
WOOL
POSTUM CEREAL.
Its a happy life where Pile* don't «nter son«e~
lime First its exercise, then sedentary occupa-
tion, but however they come we have as remedy
you continue to
HVa8i\ /B ""'ride or sit— they
SlliPI I51>£2s wontre.turn.One
SJ^^BSj I fiH application fives
V — — Will relief, additional
ones cure. $2 the
cost .When thc_remcilv U gone so ar» **>» Pjtes.
ThU wonderful care for Piles for sale by tha
follovrias UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS: -
No Percentage Drug Co., 9<3 Market st. . ,
J. ' S. Pott3 Drug Co.. distributing depot for
San Frantfsco, 1016 Market st.
LJon Pharmacy, ¦ 82! Market bC, cor. Stockton.
McDcnnell'a Pharmacy. 108 Grant ave.
J. Calerarls. Kearny*and. Pacific »ts.
J. H. Boyson, Twenty-first and Valencia »U.
Dahlbeader & Co.. 214 Kearny at.
Val Schmidt's, Polk ani Jackson «ts. -
The Grant Drtiff Co., 38-40 Third St.
Dr. H. B. Kllbourn. 551 Third st.
Van Ners Pharmacy. Market and Van Ness.
"Wm. J. Bryan, under Grand Hotel.
Watcelee & Co.. cor. Montgomery and Bush sts.
Root's, Sixth and Howard sts. .-
Searby's Pharmacy, cor. Sutter and Stockton.
E. 'P. Bayly, cor.' Grant are. and Sutter it.
Andrew 6ls«n. 400 Geary st.
Fred B. Hultins. cor. Third and Howard sts.
D. D. Hunt, 1S0O Halght st.
H. G.' Gerdes. 343 Kearnv st.
Park Hotel - Pharmacy. Atameda.
Bender's Alameda. Pharmacy. Alameda.
Rllcy's Drug Store. Alamedz. . -
Pond's Berkeley Pharmacy, Berkeley.
Oggood Bros., Seventh 4 nd Broadway; Oakland
Wlsharfs ' Drus Store, cor. Tenth! «¦* Wlik-
ington sts.. Oakland.'
Inrnan & Son.' San Rafael.
IT GOES ON PILES MULTIPLY
:S NOT A FAD -IS HEBE TO STAY
Paine's celery compound marks a tro-
mendous stride in the cure of disease.
No other remedy has ever succeeded in
driving out the underlying causes of ner-
vous and organic trouble so surely and
rapidly. No remedy represents so com-
prehensive "a knowledge of nervous ex-
haustion and the best means for its alle-
viation. .-
"It benefited me at once, and I do not
hesitate to recommend it to my friends
who find themselves in the same nervou3
condition.
"Very truly yours,
"Chas. C. Whitney."
"Dear Sirs — I have been familiar with
the merits of Paine's celery compound
for a number of years, and have used 5t
when seriously 'run down' from ove--
work, both mentally and physically.
But its good qualities never appealed to
me ' so forcibly as during the last cam-
paign. The hard work devolving upon
me, as Secretary of the State Central
Committee, affected my nerves greatly
and made it difficult for me to sleep.
Paine's celery compound immediately re-
stored the tone to my nervous system and
enabled me to secure refreshing sleep.
.His duties in these two capacities are
at times so exacting that he finds himself
worn out and in a low nervous condition.
At all such times he confidently turns to
Paine's celery compound, and has nevev
been disappointed.
He says of this wonderful remedy:
"St. Paul, Feb. 16, 1901.
Chas. C. "Whitney has been at the
head of the Bureau of Public 'Printlnor,
State of Minnesota, for many years. H«.-
is also secretary of the Republican Stale
Central Committee.
It cures where other remedies— because
they are either silly nostrums or well-
meaning but old-fashioned and Ignorant
preparations— have been tried and found
futile.
Paine's celery compound was first pre-
scribed by Professor Edward E. Phelp*.
M. D., LL. D., of Dartmouth College, In
his private practice. It has been recom-
mended by learned specialists in nervous
diseases. By its merit alone It has earned
the highest commendations from physi-
cians, the press and the public. It not
only regulates the nervous system, but
nourishes it; sends more and better blooi
to supply the wasted nerves and take*
the killing: strain off the kidneys.
When pains appear in different parts
of the body and one feels tired, and de-
pressed, the use of Pairie's celery com-
pound will drive away tho rheumatism
pain or the attack of indigestion and cor-
rect the failing appetite, which keeps
pace so closely with the digestive powers.
Paine's celery compound has proved It-
self to be the most advanced remedy yet
discovered for tired brains and worn-out
nerves.
Nerve "tension Is disguised under a good
many symptoms that lead thoughtless
persons to apply some useless local rem-
edy when the only lasting relief will coma
froni purified blood, kidneys aroused to
work, stomach secreting abundance of
digestive juices and a toned-up state oi
the nerves.
For all this there Is no need of further
proof as to the value of Paine's celery
compound than can be furnished by the
reader's own neighbors if one will take
the pains to make inquiries.
The best test of the worth of Paine's
celery | compound is to use it yourself. .
HEAD OF BUREAU
nr mini in nni&iTi&m
Chas, G. Whitney Uses Paine's Celery Compound
;: Whenever He Is "Run Down."'
PAINII'S CELERY COMPOUND.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUOSJOOUOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOQ OOOOO 00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOO O.OOOOOOOJ wmm —^~"~**~***m^^^^^^mt^^^m~am~~ I^OOOOOOOOOOOOO
gggggggggggggj GRAN P EASTEP FICTION NUMBER. |°°°°°°°°^°°°
OOO P OOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO r) O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
—APRIL THE SEVENTH..^.
ooooo g> o-oooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo L ooooo
ooooo. £ oo$oo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo 7 ooooo
ooooo. » ooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo • ooooo
ooooo t» ooooo cooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo rooooo
ooooo r " -> """ ¦ I.,,, uniMiir-— i ¦¦¦ - n n o ;i y ooooo
OOOOO i OOOOO .„. OOOOO ./OOOOO
OOOOO f OOOOO THTYBT T TM/" 1 CTA1MPC! OOOOO f, OOOOO
sssss j sssss ¦inwLUWtiiTpjilia ssss-sr-sssss
OOOOO » OOOOO w\' m^jm . ¦ , _— ¦_ _ •.. OOOOO t» OOOOO
ooooo t ooooo uy Marion narland 00000*00000
opooo iooooo ¦»« _ - _„. .' ooooo ;l ooooo
ooooo ?ooooo John Strange Winter '¦ ¦ 0000 o. ?. ooooo
ooooo fooooo JUUU fcJ * 1 au S fc TT '"I* 1 ooooo If ooooo
OOOOO f OOOOO • M.,^ p WtllTTM* 9tTtA OOOO Of OOOOO
ooooo t ooooo lTlary C •WlliSlnS and ooooo fc ooooo
ooooo »oo"ooo ««.„_ M • , ~ ,". oooooj, ooooo
ooooo jooooo oiner Noted Writers. ooooo t ooooo
ooooopooooo .' -ooooo. £-00000
OOOOO & OOOOO - ! . . OOOOOiOOOOO
OOOOO » OOOOO . . %'£i ¦', OOOOO F OOOOO
ooooo »ooooo •»—»-..— _.'.. .J_iil'"!r* «—. ooooo h ooooo
OOOOO f, OOOOO EASTER SERMONS ' OOOOO?, OOOOO
OOOOOXOOOOO ****** M. **1A. iJUVLJUlU ¦ OOOOO 2 OOOOO
ooooo* ooooo |\*r - p» nnTlRMT nnmrcc ooooo * ooooo
ooooopooooo Hi ELUUl/EliT DIVINES. ooooo* ooooo
00000^00000 .. , oooooj'ooooo
00000F00000 . ¦ * . o o a o o ¦' • o o o o o
OOOOO "t OOOOO . ¦ _ - . OOOOOfOOOOO
ooooo /ooooo . i\a i*wr \\.tt* '•'¦¦': ooooo} ooooo
ooooo [ooooo DAZZLING- . * 0000 of' ooooo
OOOOO-pOOOOO •¦ . OOOOOIlOOOOO
ooooo iooooo FA^TFR FA^HTftN^' ooooo l ooooo
OOOOO 1 OOOOO Lr^iJ 1 JUIV X X-iOlllUll»3. • OOOOO ? OOOOO
OOOOO » OOOOO . - 'OOOOO " OOOOO
OOOOO f OOOOO . — -r~?:- .£-?¦ OOOOO irOOOOO
OOOOO (g OOOOO ' OOOOOIOOOOO
ooooo ooooo pfTf T .DACF TIRAWTNC^ DV ooooo T ooooo
ooooo {• 000.00 * Vl*Li-l**iUJLi ui\AWU1U>J Hi ooooo* ooooo
OO OOO. U OOO O O .-••'•_ . _ _ . . LI—--,—— OOOOO n OOOOO
SSSSSi SSSSS -CALL ARTISTS.- SSSSS" f" SSSSS
OOOO.O. (> OOOOO " • ;.;. ' • ¦ ' OOOOO '» OOOOO
ooooo.f iooooo - ¦ ¦ ooooo J'ooooo
ooooo h ooooo , CTAnirr /*»= ' Ooooo;' ooooo
SSSSS-f-SSSS'S -• . STORIES OF SS-S-SsJ-SSSSS
SSSSS' f-SSSSS GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. SSSSS-J-SS : 5SS
ooooo rooooo -¦-..-• ¦•.¦.-••¦ -- - - . » ooooo rooooo
SSSSS t-SSSSS oooooooooo-o-oooooopo.ooooooo-00 SSSSS t-SSS'SS
ooooo I ooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo-? "ooooo
00000} ooooo 000000000000 0.00000000000000c ooooo • qoooc
ooooo » ooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooo p 'ooooo
THE SUNDAY, *CALL— THE BRIGHTEST AND BEST OF ALL i
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO OO OOOOOOODun's Review of Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
. - ¦ '. ' J ' '. Morning Session. - •
. Board— •
1S00 Independence : 17
300 Four 51
100 Lion ..:... ;..: ' 19
1C0 Lion .-.. :.. is
100 McKlttrick .'.-.....'. :..: '....;' so
50 Peerless ". ...' 8 i->u
200 Reed Crude ...' :. 52"
.Go San Francisco & McKittrick.. 100
200 Sterling .'". •..'..'.. 2 12V
230 Sterling *..; ..V V£ 10 "
ICO Twenty-eight .* 1 32'^
' 50 Wolverine ..; 115
Street— . .
100 Home. :.... 3 75
' - -Afternoon Session.^;. w
Board —
lOOElOro eo~
10 Kern River ...:.... :.;.;..: 1112^
2G0 Monarch of Arizona .541
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.'
The Stock* and Bond Exchange was. not in
session yesterday, as it was Good Friday.
.The oil exchanges did a very fair business,
but -~Drices were not materially changed. ' -
. The Paauhau ¦ Sugar Company • will pay a
dividend o£ 20 cents on ' the 10th.
The Andes Minlnsr Company has levied an
assessment v of 5 cents, delinquent May -.10.
fipwmlative activity, eeeklnr expression Jn
the markets for securities, cereals, raw cotton
end some heg products^ has rather tended -to
obscure interest In general distributive trade,
•which has, however, been temporarily dis
turbed in retail lines at least by widespread
unfavorable weather conditions. While the gen
eral tendency of this speculation has been bull
ish, a marked exception was that furnished by
bearish movements In wheat and corn, which
have lowered the level of those products for
the time being. The general consensus is that
retail Easter trade has been to some extent
curtailed by rains In the cities and by bad
roads in the country districts, but as above
noted, these are really only temporary phases,
and the general outlook, alike as to crops and
ss to spring trade as a whole, is in a high
rtcgree encouraging:. The textile trades con
tinue a source of discouragement to manufac
turers, but the strength of raw cotton, despite
some recurring weakness, shows that at pres
ent prices, which are Vie above, last week, that
staple haE developed some friends.
Liquidation of tired holders In wheat -and
a drive usalnst the . leading Chicago bull In
terests in corn have brought about a lower
range of values, but it Is worth nothing that
a heavy export business has been done m
wheat at the decline, and both of these cereals
close above the lowest. The statistical • situ
ation of lard ha* been instrumental in brins-
NEW TORK. April 8.— Bradstreet' 8 to-mor
row Tiill «>ar:
Bradstrcet'.s on Trade.
"While Eighting a Blaze in -
ILodi. •
LODI, April 5.— A gasoline stove explod
ed in the rear of Russsll Brcs.' saloon at
5:40 this morning, and as a result the sa
loon building and hall adjoining were
ruined by fire. The room was occupied by
a barber, who in trying to light the stove
caused an explosion that hurled him
across the room, almost stunning him. He
escaped in his underclothing. The alarm
brought out the volunteer fire department,
and two • streams were thrown on the
flaming structure. After several hours of
hard work the volunteers got. the fire un
der control, confining it to the two build-
Frank Clifton was caugrrt in falling de
bris and dangerously injured. G. W. - Le
moinr proprietor of the Lodi Hotel, fought
the flames until his left hand and arm
were badly burned. He was also burned
about the face and head. Several others
of the fire company were slightly burned
and injured. ' ' ¦ .
Several Volunteer Firemen Injured
GASOLINE EXPLOSION
STABTS CO2Tn,AGRATI0N
Although the closing: of the stock exchange
both Good Friday and to-day has reduced the
business week in Wall street to four days, it
will rank as one of the most exciting periods
in the history of the stock market. Enormous
dealings in securities, with a speculative spirit
which seemed running to extremes, were the
rule throughout. The presence of the public as
buyers of securities was on a larger scale than
for years past, but, on the other hand, the
manipulation was of a most open kind and was
conducted with a degree of skill that has nevet
been equaled. Heavy realizing sales were wit
nessed, both in the United States Steel stocks,
which were the leading features of the market,
and the prominent railroad stocks. At the same
time the buying demand seemed to absorb the
heavy offerings and any favorable rumors were
accepted with avidity and served to keep up
tli«» advances. Not until Thursday, when the
holiday induced realizing by the professionals
and when a rise in the rate for call loans to
6 per cent seemed to indicate that the money
market was unable to support the exaggerated
speculation any further, was there a sensible
check to the bullish movement. The outpour
of etocks or. that day was on the largest pos
sible scale and prices yielded all around in
spite of the confident predictions that next
week will witness a renewal of the same con
ditions in the market. The market semed to
be passing through one of those periods of
speculative excitement when facts are disre
garded. At the same time it must be noted
that a good deal of attention was given to clr
oumstanees like the favorable crop outlook and
the continued Increase in railroad earnings, as
well as to the advantageous position of the
iron and other Industries of the country.
Money market conditions also were not dis
regarded and the action cf the Secretary of
the Treasury Jn deciding to purchase bonds for 1
the sinking fund was considered as offsetting
the effect of the current pold shipments. The
treasury purchases of bonds amounted to neai
lv $3.000.fiOO and the disbursements on that ac
oount reduced the drain on the banks for ac
count of th* Treasury to an insignificant sum.
The importance of this in the eyes of the specu
lative community resides In the fact that it Is
-enerally admitted that a large amount of gold
will have to go to Europe during the present
Miring on account of the German and other
Government loans, which are being brought
out.
NEW YORK. April 6.— BradstreetV Finan
cial Review to-mcrrow will say:
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
Dairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, ISc; seconds, ;
store, ,11c. •.
"Storage — Creamery '¦ extras,*- — — ; firsts, — — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras. — — w • .
Pickle. per. pound.
Keg. • per pound."-
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; ,' "choice.
Butter, Cheese .and Eggs -were unchanged
yesterday. The situation stood about the same
in all three. Butter was weak with heavy
stocks. Eggs were scarce and firm and Cheese
was in moderate supply and 6teady. *
Receipts as reported by ¦ the ' Dairy Exchange
were: 75,800 pounds and 51 tubs of Butter, 159S
cases Eggs, - — cases < Eastern Eggs, 5S65
pounds California Cheese and pouads East
ern Cheese. •¦. '• 4SB
BUTTER— jIM
Creamery — Extras, 15c; firsts, 14c^^econds,
Butter, CJteese and Eggs. 1
One car of Eastern Poultry came in, making
five thus far thia week. . Local Poultry con
tinues in moderate supply, but the demand is
of a hand to_ mouth character, and the few
changes are generally toward lower prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and 13SJ14C for Hens; Geese, per : oa!r.
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2 'Zt&2; Ducks, $5 50@S 59
for old and $S@9 for young:; Hens, $4 50@6;
young Roosters, $7@S 50; old Roosters, ?4 25@>5:
Fryers, $6@6 50; ' Broilers, $4 50«z5 50 for large
and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons, 52 per dozen
for old and $2 50@3 for Squabs. . ~
GAME— Gray uecse, $3; White Geese, $1 25;
Brant, SI 50 for small and $2 tor lan?e; Knsrllsh
Snipe. $3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $150; Hare", 75c@$l;
Rabbits, 75c@$l for Cottontail and 75c for
Brush. J v - : ¦••; - •' ". *> •
Several small lots of dressed Turkeys came In
and sold at 14@15c per lb. ¦
. . The limited quantity of Game that came in
was slow, as it was Good Friday.
Poultry and Game.
Onions are very firm at the moment, but the
advance has led to drafts upon neighboring
sources, and a number of cars are already on
the way 'from Oregon and Nevada.- In addi
tion, fresh supplies are expected from Austra
lia on the steamer due Monday.
Potatoes are steady and prices stand about
the same.
Receipts of Asparagus continued moderate
and the market was firm in consequence. Peas
and Rhubarb stood about the same. New Po
tatoes are reported somewhat damaged by frost
along the Sacramento River. •
Receipts were 836 boxes Asparagus, 812 boxes
Rhubarb, 791 . sacks Bay Peas and 299 sacks
New Potatoes.
POTATOES — Early Rose, 65@S5c; Bur banks,
20<?S5Ce for River and 60c<f?'$l for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, 80c@$l; Sweets, 60@65c
for Merced; New Potatoes, 1*4 @2c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 50@3 25 per ctl ; Ne
vadas, $3 25@3 50 ; Cut Onions,* 75c@$l 50 per^
6ack; Australian's, $3 50@4; Green Onions, 25®
40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 65c@$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, . $2 I5@2 50 for fancy, $1 75@2 per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for No. 2; Green Peas,
2%@3*/2C for Bay; String Beans, 8@12Hc; Cab
bage, 60@65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 25@
1 75 per crate ; from Mexico. $1@1 25 per crate ;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 17Uc per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, 15@22»4c per lb for Chile
and 17%c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c@Sl 50 per dozen; Sum-,
mer Squash, $1 25@1 50 per box; Garlic, 4@6c
per lb: Marrowfat Squash,' $20@30 per ton;
Mushrooms, 15@20c per lb.
(Note.— Yesterday being Good Friday the
Produce Exchange remained closed, hence there
are no quotations for Grains, Feedstuffs, etc.)
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 12Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic '•— ¦ 15
Silver, per ounce — . 68^
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 50
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 5. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 57c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 56Vfcc.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Arril 5.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $15S. 171.344; gold, $97,214,340. -
.Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 5.-CATTLK— Receipts, 2000.
Generally steady. Good to prime steers, $5@6;
poor to medium, $3 «3@4 90; &tockers and feed
ers slow. $2 75@4 75; cows. $2 80@4 50; heifers,
J2 S0@4 70; canners weak. $2@2 75: bulls steady!
$2 7j{J4 10: calves about steady, $4 75@6;' Texas
fed steers, $4 10@5 30: Texas grass steers $3 '40
fi4 : Texas bulls. ?2 73@4. .. . *
HOGS— Receipts, 20.0CO; to-morrow, 14,000;
estimated left over, 40C0. ' Market- slow. Top,
PORTLAND. April 5.— Clearings, $304,587; bal
ances, $.15,055.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business,
Commercial failures in the first q'uarter of
lf'Gl were S333 in number and $3L70C,486 in
amount of defaulted liabilities, of which 710
were in manufacturing, for $12,504,222. and
2464 In trading, for $14,552,9C«. with 157 others,
pot properly - included In either class, that
owed $4,646,358. Banking defaults numbered
21. with liabilities of $3,441,389. While exceed
ing the eame three months of last year, in
number failures were much smaller in amount,
commercial and financial Insolvencies together
showing a decrease of $21,532,150. Only two
*ears of the last twenty made a better show
ir.g. either In aggregate or average indebted
ress to each failure, while the proportion of
$26 74 to each firm in business and $1 09 to each
$1000 of solvent payments through Clearing
houses are records that were surpassed but
once in two decades. For the month of March
total liabilities were much smaller than . in
the corresponding month of any year since
monthly statements were first published. These
figures Indicate most undeniably that the new
century has opened with business on no un
certain foundation. —
Aggressive manipulation of corn forced prices
to an unreasonable point, from which the fall
was severe; and wheat also weakened, al
though exports from the Atlantic Coast con
tinued liberal. Pork products did not show
the usual sympathy with corn when it reacted,
for Chicago operators absorbed offerings read
ily.
After declining within a sixteenth of 4c it
was not surprising to see cotton recover half
a cent. The oversold condition of the specu
lative market was chiefly responsible and
Southern dispatches gave support by state
ments of unfavorable planting conditions.
Supplies were against any pronoftneed rise In
price, however, and conditions continue ex
trtmely depressing.
The circular of Coates Brothers on April I
made the average of ICO grades of wool 17.99c.
a decline of nearly 1c since t March 1 and 5',»c
compared with April. 19C0. ¦ During th-; past
two weeks, however, the market has steadied
end there is much more trading. Moderate
buying is done by worsted mills.
Shipments of boots and shoes from Boston
ore steadily increasing-, the last week's move
ment reaching 94,453 cases, against 92.975 in
the previous week and S9.034 a year ago. Quo
tations are steady, but it is expected the re
cent declines in leather and hides will make
it possible for the small shoe manufacturers
to cut prices when they are compelled to seek
rev/ business. An unexpected demand has ap
peared for russet shoes, equaling last yearns
business, despite the fact that the lines were
considered less popular.
No sign of lessening demand Is . perceptible
in any branch of the iron and steel Industry.
Mills are accepting contracts for the' closing
months of the year and tlTere Is every indi
cation that 1901 will surpass all records in the
quantity of pigiron consumed by manufac
turers. Thourh capacity has been wonderfully
enlarged during the past five months there
are still many extensions and new plants con
templated. It is also probable that the cus
tomary summer repairs of furnaces and mills
will be accomplished within a shorter period
tban usual, as contracts call for heavy de
liveries right through the .season. Permanence
of prosperity in this industry is becomlne more
certain, as there is less evidence of invlated
prices. Regular quotations have not altered,
except for bars and foundry pigiron, although
all sorts of premiums are paid where prompt
shipment Is required. Although fewer ovens
are active in the Connellsville region than a
year ago the output is much larger and about
S.OOO.CCi) tens were made during the quarter.
While the general business world has looked
with amazement at the performance of the
stock market trade has maintained , its even
course and there are many more points of
gain than of loss, with even a slightly steadier
tone in the dry goods market. There some
sellers have withdrawn offers at recent low
prices, though buying is small as yet. Collec
tions in all lines are unusually prompt and
in the building trades contiacts have been
entered into sufficient to furnish a decided
impetus In allied lines during the spring sea
son.
NEW YORK, April E.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy 'and un
settled v.'eather Saturday, with showers; brisk
to hich southwest winds. •
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Fo'recast Official.
Rain has fallen along the coast from Point
Reyes northward. High southerly winds have
occurred in Oregon and Washington. At Port
land a maximum velocity of 44 miles per hour
is reported. At Port Crescent a rainfall of 1.03
inches has occurred in the last twelve hours.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed along
the coast from San -Francisco to Eureka.
Foi-ecast made at Sau Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 6, 1901.
Northern California— Rain Saturday; brisk
to high southerly win«ls.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Satur
day, with rain in northern portion.
Utah — Cloudy Saturday, with fresh southerly
winds.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over Northern Nevada and
Idaho. It has risen rapidly along the coast of
Oregon during the past twelve hours. A storm
of considerable energy overlies the northwestern
portion of the country.
The temperature has risen about 14 degrees
over Utah and has fallen about 12 degrees over
Southern Oregon.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
SS; minimum, 45; mean SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Asparagus, per lb. 5@ 8
Artichokes, doz...25@40
Beets, doz.. ;...".. .10@—
Beans.white, lb.l2V4@—
."Colored, per Ib..l0© —
Dried Lima, .lb.. 6@ 8
Cabbage, each.... 6@— '
Cauliflowers, each 6@— :
Celery, head 5@—
Cress, doz bnchs.lo@20
Cucumbers, doz.$l 50SJ2
Egg Plant, lb —©25,
Green Peas, lb 4^ 6
Lettuce, t>er doz.. 15 fi 20
Onions, per lb 4@ 6
Okra. dried, lb....— @35
Fish— .
Barracuda ..15@—
Carp SP?—
Catfish 8cd?—
Codfish 12® 13
Flounders S@10
Halibut 10@15
Herring ......... v. 62 1 —
Mackerel — to' —
Do. Horse — Si —
Perch 10©20
Pompino 50@ —
Rocknsh Aoifi—
Salmon, fresh 1S@2O
Do,, smoked 15040
Shrimps S@10
Shad SQIO
Peppers, per lb "OS-
Potatoes, tter lb.; 2@ —
New, do 3" 1 4
Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@,8
Sweet Potatoes, lb 3@—
Parsnips, per dz.l0@ —
Radishes.dz bchs.lo®20
'Sage, doz bnchs..25@30
jString Beans, Ib..l2@15
Summer Squash,
per lb 15@20
Sprouts, per lb.... 6(3) 8
Spinach, lb... 5® —
Thyme, doz bchs.-25@30
Turnips, per doz..l0@ —
Tomatoes, Der lb.l0@15
Striped Bass 15@—
Sea Bass — #—
Smelts :..12M:@—
Soles ..; 10@ —
Skates, each S@12
Tomcod — @10
Turbot ......— @ —
Trout 40@ —
Whitefish 10@—
Clams, gallon 50<S—
Do, hardshell, lb 8@10
Crabs, each.. .....13@20
Mussels, quart 5@10
Oysters, Cal. 10O..40@5O
. Do, Eastern, dz.25@40
Eggs are , dearer. • There is - no change In
Butter and , Cheese.
1 Pbultry. Game and Meats are about as ' be
fore quoted. Supplies of all three are by no
m^ans larse. '—
Strawberries are still- above the ordinary
purse, as they have not yet begun to arrive
freely. Vegetables show little change.
Coal, rer ton — * . ; _
Cann el . $ @12 00 Southfield
Wellington.." ©1100 Wellington ©1100
Seattle 9. 00@ Coos Bay.... @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.35(?i!45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 2.j«i.30 dozen 20@ —
Cheese, Cal ..12<?il3 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17^20' pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss. ....20035 Do, extracted. ..10@12
Common Eggs 15@17I •
Poultry and Game — - -
Hens, each 60@75 Turkeys, per lb...l7S20
Young Roosters, , Ducks, each .75c@$l
each 75c@$l Geese, each...$l 50@l 7o
Old Roosters, ea..60@70 Pigeons, pair..'....50@60
Fryers, each 75® — Rabbits, pair 40@ —
Broilers, each 40@60 Hare, each /..— @20
Meats, per lb — • - — -•
Bacon 15@1S Round Steak 10@—
Beef, choice.. .....12@15 Sirloin Steak.. ..12\b@—
Do, good 10<S — Tenderloin,- do 15@ —
Corned Beef 10@ — Porterhouse, do.l7%@20
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard ..: — @15Pork, salt 10@12%
Mutton 12@15Pork Chops ISO-
Lamb ..: — tftlaPork Sausages.. 12^@15
Pork, fresh 15@— Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts — ' ¦
Almonds 15©20 Lemons, doz 13@2o
Apples 5@ 8 Raisins, per lb... 5@15
Bananas, doz 25@S0 Strawberries, per
Orang-ss, doz 1503.") basket l."@20
Limes, Der doz... — @15 Walnuts, per lb..lo@20
(13>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, es compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours: ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6-5 p. m.
IVeathtfr Report.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
United State* at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand March Cl as follows:
United States notes •. $2,281 00
Treesury notes of 1900 9.175 00
National banknotes 670 00
Gold certificates 130 00
Redeemed KQld certificates SO.000 00
Filvw eertiflcates — 45.168 00
Goid coin 25,363.728 35
Standard silver dollars 31,804,418 00
Subsidiary silver coin B18.599 05
Minor coin - 12,249 92
< Vmpons 104 65
Miscellaneous loans 45 75
Total $57,846,699 62
The shipments of silver during the month
were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $85,000 00
Fractional silver coin 80,925 0»
Total $165,925 00
Twterday, Good Friday, being- observed as a
holiday throughout the Eastern States and
Durope. there are few Quotations from those
sources to-day.
Telegraphic Quotations.
Wheat, Including flour shipments for the
week aggregate 4.698,693 bushels, against 4,499,
635 last week; 3,886,963 in the . corresponding
week of 1900: 3,284,800 in 1899 and 3.778,726 in
1898. From July 1 to date this season wheat
exports are 155,821,428 bushels, against 151,019.
613 last season and 188.348.800 in 189S-S3.
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 188, against 198 last week; 182 in
this week a. year ago; 190 in 1899; 220 In 189S
and 232 In 1897.
Canadian^ failures number 29, against 28 last
week and 25 a year ago.
Weather conditions, except In the Northwest,
have been rather unfavorable to planting and
ground preparation. This Is particularly true
in the South, where cotton planting is retard
ed. Heavy fertilizer shipments point to a
large increase In acreage In the South Atlantic
States. On the other hand, heavy snows in
Kansas and Nebraska, and no less heavy rains
in the Central West, have benefited winter
wheat prospects, which, in Kansas, Nebraska
and Missouri, are reported excellent. Ohio's
wheat condition shows marked Improvement
over last year. In California weather condi
tions have net been favorable, and deciduous
fruits have been hurt by frosts.
ing about a sharp rise, sympathized In by
other hog products. ' It is hard to see how
Iron and steel trade conditions could be im
proved from the standpoint of the seller. De
mand is. large, prices are strong and In raw
and finished lines the' outlook Is regarded as
very ¦ satisfactory. . Price advances have been
largely confined to finished products, the feat
ures being an advance of 92 per ton in platea
at Chicago and of $4 in eteel hoop prices at
Pittsburg. Southern Iron is strong, and the
change in this branch of trade is well illus
trated by the fact that some old export orders
are being shipped at a price $4 per ton lower
than those now ruling. Iron ore rates have
not yet been announced, but contracts for
Bessemer pig are being made freely for de
livery two or three months ahead. Western
bar. billet and rod manufacturers are booked
so far ahead that they are practically out of
the market and Eastern manufacturers are
considering advances. Western agricultural
implement men complain, of tardy deliveries,
which is. however, largely true of the trade
as a whole, and some manufacturers are buy
ing as far ahead • as December next.
Eastern shoe manufacturers are hurrying
shipments to complete spring orders, and the
aggregate for the week is again In excess of
last week and year. Leather is firm, but quiet,
at Boston. At Chicago sales are small with
prices steady. Heavy leather is rather easier
at Philadelphia, in sympathy with I the weak
ness in hides. 1
¦NEW YORK. April B.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
April 4, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— inc. Dec.
New York $1.780.881, 458 42.6
Boston 150.643,490 8.4 ....
Chicago 151,424,892 15.0
Philadelphia 116,285,890 : 5.0 ' ....
St. Louis 37,865,111 17.8 ....
Pittsburg 47.190,926- 17.3 ....
Baltimore 31,539.332 31.6 ....
San Francisco 23,391,814 30.3 . ....
Cincinnati. 19,905,600 21.3
Kansas City 15,882,378 11.3 ....
New Orleans 12,264,743 22.8 " ....
Minneapolis 9,929,634 1.6
Detroit 10,089,236 6.6
Cleveland 16,152,142 * 33.9 ....
Louisville 9,897,679 11.1
Providence.... 7,165,300 20.7 .....
Milwaukee ......... 6.127,491 ' 7.4
St. Paul 4,522,726 2.7 "'
Buffalo 6.833,014 .9.6 ....
Omaha 6,590,774 ...." . 4.9
Indianapolis 7,134,195 13.1
Columbus, Ohio.... 6,760.600 16.2 '.;..
Savannah 3,124,017 31.7
Denver 3,351,383 13.3
Hartford -. 2,903,531 1.6 ,
Richmond 4,677,593 115.6 ....
Memphis 2,685,864 22.1
Washington . : 3,254,780 .0.9 .....
Peoria 2.618,726 .19.6
Rochester .......... 2,877.916 11.0
New Haven ..;.... v ' 1,527,707 3.5
Worcester 1,566,380 • 20.0
Atlanta 1,507,122- 13.5
Salt Lake City....* 2,555,162 15.1
Springfield. Mass... 1,375,179 .... 9.4
Fort Worth- ' '2,682,205 ' 54.9
Portland. Me 1,391,384 "j 11.6 ....
Portland. Or. 2,128,790 - 7.6
St.~ Joseph 3,811.120 .... 5.7
Los Angeles :. 3,106,443 . 49.4
Norfolk 1,333,282 .... 6.3
Syracuse 1,184.014 2.1
Des Molnes 1,628,576 5.5 ....
Nashville .1,507.873 ..... 3.4
Wilmington, Del.... 956,268 .... '. 3.3
Fall River 807,848 ' .... ....
Scranton ' 1,217,871 ....
Grand Rapids 1,359,002 20.7 ....
Augusta. Ga.. ..::.." 1,311,422 39.8 ....
Lowell 692,172 28.7
Dayton, Ohio 1,760,600 20.8 ....
Seattle 2.275,740 16.9 ....
Tacoma ' 1,037.400 19.3
Spokane 937,750 .50.6
Sioux City 1,245.700 11.4
New Bedford 630,710 ..:. ....
Knoxville, .Tenn.... 720,254 9.1
Topeka 1,221,047 120.0
Birmingham 980,721 17.7
Wichita 554,233 8.2
Binghamton .457,000 10.1 ....
Lexington, Ky 498,970 .... ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. S08.523 3.4
Kalamazoo 355,243 10.1
Akron ' 6S9.000 24.0
Chattanooga- 403,582 5.8* ....
Rockford, 111.. , 270,290 2.6
Canton, Ohio ...... 482,843 28.5
Springfield. Ohio... 369,623 9.4
Fargo, N. D 295.075 2.4
Eioux Falls. S. D.. . 243.793 37.2
Fremont. Neb 127.207 11.4
Davenport 1,341,196 23.4
Toledo 2,318,631 9.7 ....
Galveston 7.476.00O • 26.7
Houston 1 8,1S3,147 16.7
Colorado Springs... ¦ 755.096 ....
Helena 761,799 60.S
Little Rock .-. 665,160 3fl.l
Evansville 817,384 .... 22.7
Springfield, 111 609.215 v .... / 4.9
Macon 709,000 11.6 ....
Youngstown, Ohio. 401,522 24.1
Wheeling 750,451 ...'. ....
Totals U. S $2,550,891,321 31.3
Totals outside N. ....
Y 770,509.865 12.4 .....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $17,378,327 33.2
Toronto 12,359,596 4.5 ....
Winnipeg 1,882,723 4.6
Halifax 1,514,822 3.4 ..:.
Hamilton 850,727 13.7 , ....
St. John, N. B 425.055 .... 26.8
Victoria 410,692
Vancouver 709,094 .... ,7.0
Totals .' $25,532,006 20.9
Eastern and foreign exdianges closed.
Local Bond and Produce exchanges not in session. t
Fuel market continues unsettled:
Potatoes and Vegetables steady. Onions scarce and' firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Five ctrs of Oranges sold at auction.
'Limes lower. Lemons abundant and zveak.
Dried Fruit dull and largely nominal.
Considerable damage to deciduous fruits.by frost.
Hides continue to accumulate under a slack demand.
Provisions still in. light supply and firm.
Lamb lower. Mutton easy. Beef steady. Hogs scarce and firm.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000. ' Market for cheep
and lambs very steady. Choice, firm. Good
to choice wethers, $4 S5@5 10; export, $5 25;
fair to choice mixed, $4 50@4 90; Western sheep,
J4 85©5 10; export, $5 25; yearlings, $4 85@5 25:
native lambs, $4 75@5 45; Western lambs, $5@
5 45. ,
JG 15. Mixed and butchers, $5 S5@6 10; "good to
choice heavy. $6@fl 15; rough heavy, $5 85@
5 55; light, $5 80@6 02^4; bulk of sales, $5 95®
6 19. . ....
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been throe arrivals of coal from
British Columbia, S447 tons; lour from Wash
ington. 10,935 tons; two from Oregon, 760 tons;
total, 20,202 tons. This is a shrinkage from
our usual arrivals, still it will not be felt, as
we have ample on hand for all current require
ments. Notwithstanding the partial displace
ment of coal by other fuels, the deliveries of
coal for the first three months of 1901 are only
about SOW tons less than the quantity con
sumed In a similar period last year, thus
clearly^ verifying what I have always main
tained—that the incoming of fuel oil will only
dislodge a proportion of other fuels. - The pro
portion may be large, still the annual increased
demand for fuel will. always Insure a market
here for at least one million to one million
and a quarter tons annually. Foreign will
only be imported in very meager quantities,
as high, coal prices are pervading the world.
This is a retroactive disadvantage to our far
mers, as no inward freights for ships ' signifies
high outward freights on grain. With coal, ce
ment, ( firebricks and pig-iron eliminated from
our imports, carriers have -a slim show for se
curing- freight. I include cement and firebricks
as our market is oversupplied pro tem. The
market for fuel oil Is 'thrice confounded,' and
will remain so until the producers, consumers
and carriers form a trinity for mutual bene
fit and an established price gauge is regu
lated." ..."
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reilning Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.05c; Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A, 5.13c; Extra C
• 5.05c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels. 10c more;'half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
lOe more. No orders taken for less than 7?
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes. 6.53c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, ?7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
Escks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10. per 'ton/ Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$<S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, accord-
In? to brand-
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot, 6y;@7c;
lecal make, %c less . than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine, 7^@Sc.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring, 9@10c per pound. ' -
POKK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under, 6%c;
180 to 225 lbs, 6%®6%c; 225 and over, 6@6&c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 8%@9%c.
Lamb Is slightly lower. Mutton is easy
but unchanged, and there is no change"'-' in
Beef. The market for Hoss continues scantily
supplied and firm. • . . -' . / '
r KEEF— 738c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. — - . .
VEAL— Lnrge, 7@Sc; small,' 9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@9c; Ewes, 7 J /.@Sc per
pound. ¦ 1. • .
Sail Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1SC1— Humboldt - and
ilendocino, 15@16c per lb: Northern, > free, 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle County, free, 100
lie; do. defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 -months. 7@Sc: Oregon valley, fine,
l;>@16c; do, medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9©llc;
Nevada, 10(g 1 l2c.
HOPS-15@20c ner lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l&c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, .9%c; medium, 8V4c; light, 8c. Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, '»c; Salted -Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15y 2 c; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 13c; Culls and Brands, 12@
13c ;• Sheepskins, shearlings, 13@25c each: short
Wool, 3U@40c each; medium, 50(gCoc; long "Wool,
75cQ$l each; Horse Hides, suit, $2 SO for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small and
EOc for Colts; Hers* Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for email and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; -winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4^c per lb; No. 2,
Z%<S4c; grease, 2@2%c.
The depression in Hides continues and with
the exception of good dry. stock arrivals are
steadily accumulating.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for
light, 14V4c for extra light and 15}£c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Megs Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoke! Eeef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted a t 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, lO^c; 10-lb tins, ll&c; 5-1 b tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce, 8V«c; two tierces,
be; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
'Firm, with light stocks and a good demand.
Provisions.
Th« market shows no change whatever, and
the demand for all descriptions, except possi
bly Prunes, Is very light. In moat kinds there
is nothing whatever doing.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c for Royals and SM&
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3%@5c:
sun-dried. 1%@2%c; Peaches, 3®3%c for stand
ard, 4@4%c for choice- and 5©6c for fancy;
Pears 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpitted, 1@
l%c; Nectarines. S@5^c for red and 5i4@6c for
PRUNES — Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s, 7c;
40-oOs, Btte; 50-6C-S, 4Vfec; 60-70s,-3%c; 70-80s, 3Vic;
80-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100-120s, l^c; rubies,
Yto premium; Sonomas, '/&c and San Joaquins
»4c less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same. .
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 1014c per lb;
choice, 9%c: .standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb, boxes,
6V>c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6}£c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown,' Be; 3-crown, ,5Kc
and 4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c: 12-ounce, 5%c; choice, 16
ounce 6%c; 12-ounce, 6M.c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. 'o. b. at common shipping points in
California! • •
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softahell. 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.'
1 hardshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@ll<i for softshell; Peanuts,-
D@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts,
13c; Pecans. llQ;i3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13!4@14c for bright and 12V*
013c for light amber; water, white extractedT
714c; light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, 6@
6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. .
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned at very
fair prices,- as follows: Fancy Navels, $170®
190; choice do,- ?1 30@l 40; Standard do, 7^c@
$1 10. •¦•.'¦
Limes are 'quoted lower again. Lemons and
Oranges show no change. .
Strawberries are in- light receipt and the re
cent heavy frosts tend to render the season
backward. Prices are firm.
Press dispatches report considerable damage
to Apricots, Cherries, Prunes. Almonds and
Grapes in several localities.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
STRAWBERRIES— 75@90c per drawer, for
Longworths and 33@45c for large berries.-
APPLES — 50<g/75c per box for common and $1
@1 75 for good to choice and ?2@2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel ' Oranges, 75c@$i:;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 50c@l 25; Lemons,
DOc@$l for common .and $1 2562 for good to
ihoice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$5 50<H>6; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples,
75c@?2 per dozen. ;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sc; common nominal; Younff Americas, 9^4c;
Kastern. full, cream, 15@16%o per lb. ¦
EGGS-r "
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, ' 14c per dozen. .
California Gathered — Selected, 14c; stand.
ard,-13c; seconds,' . ¦ > ~. •• '
3 Fresh Eastern— Fancy. —'. standard, ;
seconds,"^ — .' -•' <~r -• -, -
Storage — California j fancy. : standard,"
; Kastern fancy, ;• standard. . ; sec
onds, . . ¦ . - ¦ . ,
B0 Peerless :.........; 8 35
SOO Petroleum Center •• 14
1000 Petroleum Center.,s 30........ " «
200 Sterling .....;...,......•.. a 10
¦SAN FRANCISCO • OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
"¦ Boara— - -• •-- • '¦¦¦ • i
6 Hanford 90 $2
1000 Independence J*
:400 Junction-' '......... £)
500 Lion 2J
lCCOLIon, ,s 30.:.. 1S
1000 Lion, s 60 •••• 18
100 Monte Cristo •• 2 4 2
:5W) Petroleum Center J*
1CC0 Reed Crude • * - °J
50 San Joaquin O. & D. Co '••• v ??
200 Sterling ; 2 1a
200 Sterling: ...•....;...-.... ¦.... 2 1°. !
, Afternoon . Session. :
¦ Board — .«
1000 California-Standard *\
300 Caribou .....:.... . '° n
ICO Monte Cristo ••• J g*
60 Peerless | 51™
,£0 Peerless, b 90 8 '°
MINING STOCKS.
' The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . .
• Morning: « Session. ¦ -
. 100 Best & Belcher 19 40* Ophir J9
800 Con Cal & Va..2 00 100 Sierra Nevada. 30
200 Hale & Norc... • 20 200 Union Con 13
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher •....'.... 20 600 Mexican SJ
100 Best & BeIcher-20 1C0 Ophir «»
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 00 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 30
1C0 Confidence ..... 74 300 Union Con 15
300 Hale & Norc... 21
The following -were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. .
800 Belcher ........ 19 200 Gould & Curry 23
200 Best & Belcher 18 200 Justice 02
TOO Best & Belcher 20 800 Mexican '33
BOO Con Cal & Va..l 96 1500 Ophir 69
600 Con Cal & V.I 97% 700 Ophlr 6S
12C0 Con Cal & Va..2 00 200 Potosi 10
1700 Con Cal & V.2 02».i 200 Sierra Nevada. SO
250 Con Cal & Va. .2 Co 1100 Sierra Nevada. 81
200 Crown Point... . 12J10OO Sierra Nevada. 32
¦ ' Afternoon Session. .
500 Alpha Con ..... 04 200 Mexican •. '.. 32
200 Belcher 19 200 Mexican 31
200 Best & Belcher 20 . 50 Ophir TO
. 3C0 Best & Belcher 19 250 Ophlr 68
100 Con Cal & Va..2 05 2C0 Silver Kill". 39
300 Con Cal & Va.:2 00 100 Standard 4 30
. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 0:
Alta 05 07
Andes 04 06
Belcher ..." 19 2C
Best & Belchen* 19 20
Bullion — , 01
Caledonia 73 77
Challenge Con. 16, 17
Chollar • 11 12
Confidence 73 7T>
Con Cal & Va..l 95 2 00
Con Imperial-., i— . 01
Con New York. — 01
Crown Point... 12 13
Eureka Con ... 06 : —
Exchequer . 01 02
Gould & Curry 21- 22
Hale & Norc... 20 21
Julia ........... 01 02
TUESDAY. April 6—4 v. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.
Justice 03 03
Kentuck 01 02
t>ady Wash .... 01 ' 02
Mexican L. SI 32
Occidental 04 06
Ophlr...... 67 63
Overman 13 14
Potosi 10 12
Savage OS 10
Scorpion — 04
Seg, Belcher ... 04 05
Sierra Nevada. 29 31
Silver Hill. 39 40
St Louis ... 06 —
(Standard 4 15 4 30
Syndicate 05 —
Union Con 14 15
Utah ...-. 04 05
i Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
• ¦ - ¦¦¦¦'-. • - ' ' ' ;¦ V i ' :
THE^nSAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 1901,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Bank Clearings.
Family Retail Market.
10
I Last I This I Last
hi Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Facramento
Kan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
Ban Lai is Obispo....
Ixs Angeles
Fan Diego
0.82
fc.02
44.23
22.23
17.50
18. S4
10.34
5.89
27.82
14.17
10.D4
44.17
20.03
15.92
17.47
7.33
2.81
15.10
6.70
3.41
I Last I This I Last
hi Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Facramento
Kan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
Ban Lai is Obispo....
Ixs Angeles
Fan Diego
0.82
fc.02
44.23
22.23
17.50
18. S4
10.34
5.89
27.82
14.17
10.D4
44.17
20.03
15.92
17.47
7.33
2.81
15.10
6.70
3.41
N irailing every Thursday, instead of <cKSSjb
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pier 4^, 'JpmjSSM
North River, foot <tt Morton street. First class
to Havre. $35 '¦ and upward. .- Second class to
Havre,' $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR " UNITED : STATES and CANADA, - 32
Broadway. (Hudson builfilnE). New York" J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast 'Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad - Ticket ' Agents. ' r
COMPAGNIE GENEHALE TRANSATLANTIQTJB
' .Twin-Screw/ Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.. I
A: Victoria. Apr.ll.lOami Columbia ..May 2
Deutschland Ap.l8,3pni|F. Bismarck...... May 9
- Twin-Screw Passengjr jervice.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Bulgaria .......April 6[*Phoenlcia .....April 20
Pretoria ..: April 13 Patricia'........ April 27
?Sails to Hamburg direst.
Hamburg-wmericao Line, 37 d'way. N. Y.\
.IIEEZOG& CO.^ GeneraF Agents for Pacific
Coast. .401 California street. • . ,v
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LIME.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...April I7| Friesland May 8
Kensington ....April 24 Southwark May 13
Zeelan'i ........May 11 Vaderland May 22
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
¦ , . ¦¦¦ ¦ - CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.-
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourcr, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10. a. m. -
Vaderland .April 17 St. Paul May 8
St Ldtiis April 24 St.. Louis May 15
New -York ......May 1 New York ......May 22
.AMERICAN LINE.
NEW Y0HK. SOUTHAMPTON,' LONDON, PABIS.
OCEAN TRAVEL
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
of .tes
50 Head of BROKEN, DRIV-
ING, WORK and SADDLE
HORSES, weighing from
950 to 1500 lbs. *
AIsoannmterofWORKMJLES
Consigned by HON. M. BIGGS of OROVTLLE.
JOS. DYER Esq.. W. W. CASEY
. Esq.{ SAN MATEO. and Others. .
—TO BE SOLD ON •
TUB8DAY - - - April 9th. 1901.
AT 11 A. M.. AT ,
EALESTABD, 1722 Market St., cor. Van Ness.
Stock at Yard April 6th.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to KIMip & Co.)
- Livestock Auctioneers.
'OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» • Steamers leave Broadway
¦k wharf, San Francisco:
Kaput For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
April 1. S, 11. 16, 21. 28. May
IKkijJPnBra^ 1. Changre to company s
Ei& ES£rt?1ra steamers at Seattle.
E*^5hH >R%1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fsSsCSc'S&a C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
*^ and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Aprjl 1. 6. 11. IS. 21.
26, May 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for thja company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Eay— 2 p. m.. April 3,
8. 13. 18. 23. 28, May 3, and every Ofth day
thereafter. . ' _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a.m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
: Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
: East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a.m.; steamer Bo-
nita, Tuesdays, 3 a. m.
! For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jot>e del
I Cat>o. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia ar.d Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. • 7th each
month.
. For further Information obtain company' ¦
, folders. ¦ ¦- n
The comDany reserves the right to changre
steamers. Bailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
• GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Affts-
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & : N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, '"¦ Or.;
And Shrrt Rail Line frcin Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all r-ni' rr steamship and rail, at
. LOWEST RATES!
I- Steamer Tickets Include ¦ Berth and Meals.
: S. S. COLUMBIA..' Sails Apr. 13, 23. May 3
S. S. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8. 18, 23, May S
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
* - 1 Montgomery St-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sail ins. ' •
SS. HONGKONG KARU.Tuesday. April », 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 ¦ Market , street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PANAMA R.R.f^ W/ '
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 91O5; Steerage,'. *4O.
j S. S. Lrclanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
8. S. — — sails Monday, May 20
From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 d. m.
Freiarht and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F- F. CONNOR. Pacific-. Coast Aceiit.
SS. MARIPO3A (Honolulu only) •
Saturday, April 6. 2 p. m
! SS: VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
¦ Zealand and 'Australia.*...;
Wednesday. April 17, 9 p. m.
I D.SPRECXELS & BSQS. CO., figneral Agents. 327 Market St
Sen'l Passenger Dfta, 643 Hartrt St., Her to. 7, pacifij st
VAG8F1C STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
CIA SUD AMERICANA "E VAPO^ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2,
Seawall. 12 m.
' AREQUIPA ....Apr. lOfPERU Apr
LIMARI Apr. 17 1 GUATEMALA .May ."*
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American ' passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
BAY. AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:50 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p: m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. m..'8 p. m. Landing and office, Mis-
elon-»t. Pqpk. Pier No.' 3. Telephone Main 1508.
KAILWAY TBAVEL.
Trains— Daily.
Leave- Market-Street Ferry Depot.
i Local Llm'd Ovrl"d I Local
! Daily. Daily. Daily. |Daily.
i Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
i . Ar. Stockton.. 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
I " . Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p f2:35 p 3:05 a '
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a '.
•• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
' " Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" I^an. City 2:41a 7:30 a
, " Chicago 2:15 p 3:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
.9:00 a. m.- train Js the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago.. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on thia train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m.~ daily.
3:00 D. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, -also Palace
Sleeper, which -cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
spondlns train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stoppin~
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. • . _•
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing September 30. lfloo.' •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. US :
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. •9:15, UJX) a. m •1-4-l'
3:15. 4:00, 5:15. '6:15, 6:40 p. m. ' "*
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m. - - oalnr
SUKDAYS-*8:00, *10:00. *ll:30 a . m •i-13
3:15. •4:45.-6:30. 9:00 p.m. ™" I - la '
Trains marked Ojrun to San Quentin. '•" ¦ -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAIT FTtANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:30. 7:45. Ao aTm
•12:S0. 1:43. •3:30.^4:30. 5:20 p.m. '
EXTItA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. cuaesaa * a
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *8:00. •10:00. ,»li:4S a. m.
•1:40, »2:15. 4:45. '6:30 p. ra. *
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43. 7:55. 9^30 af^'.
12:35. 2:10. 3:20. 4:54,. 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m canraaay3
•SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13, J:30
5:00, 6:43' p. m. ¦.*¦¦¦. "
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:15 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. - . .
' '' 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
1 8 . a. m. ¦. Sundays — Tomales ' and way , au-
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
IthebosinessJ
I TRAVELS WELL. I
Iz • ¦ HE* LEAVES X
?? SAN FRANCISCO \
\\ AT 9.00 A. M. I
\ , . AND ARRIVES AT f
I CHICAGO IN 75 HOURS |
\ ON THE J
\ CALIFORNIA \
LIMITED I
$ THE FAST TRAIH \
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
rm ™* *"asi KieAN«:i»«:«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lsavb — Ebom March 31. 130L — abrit»
T:3Oa. Benlcia, Sulaan. Elmira. V*c*tO1«.
Ramsey »nd Sacramento 7:33Y
?:3»aD»tU, Woodland. KnighU Landinj,
MarjsTille. Orotille.. . ,7«W»
7:30a Atlantic Kipress— Ogden »nd East 12:23*
»:OI» a Martinez, San ttatnou, Vallejo. Ifapa,
Caliatoia and 8w» Ko» Bs33p
8:00a LlTennorts 8tocXton, Hspford. Vl=»-
Ha. rortwrtilte 4j33*
8:00a NUm, Lathrop. Meiced, Fresno, B»-
kersfiold *io3*
S:30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willow*. Bad
Bluff, Portland. 7»53*
Si3Oa San Joae. UTermore, ¦Stockton,
lone, Kacrameuto, Flaeeitille,
Msrjstille, CWoo. lied KlnlT 4:*3p
¦ *>3OA Oakdale. Chinese, bonora. Carters... 4i23r
»:«»»« Haynrartls. Niles and Way Stations. 1 1i-"»3a
U.00 a Irfjs Angeles Express — Martinez,
Traoj, Lathrop. stock too. Merced .
. ' jfresuo and Lot Angeles Tiooa
•::tOA ValltfJ". Martinez anU Way Sfalioni »:53r
1 OU)Oa Tho O7erland Limited— Ogdeo, Den.
ver. Omaha. Chicago J?'2 5p
tt:OOp Sacramento lti»er »te»»ier» 'X'?2 A
8:3Op Hay wards. Nil«« and Way Station*. T:S5r»
S:3»r Fort Costa. Martinez. Byron, Stock-
ton, Lodl lOiJWA
4t«Or ISenicia. Winters, Hacramento,
Woo.lUml, K nights Landing.
MurysTille. Oro«lll« l«»:&5.fc
4:«M»r Martinez, Hau Kaiuon. Valleju.
Kap*, ir«lliit<>Ka. S»»U Knn HiSSa
4:00p Nlles, Ltrermore. Stockton, Lodi,
Mmced, Fresno 7:23*
4i3»r H«jwaxds. Nile*. Saw .Jose, Liwraore t* !a *A
9>O«r The Owl IJiuiteJ — Tracy. Stockton.
Kt»suo, BakersOeld. Uang<is for
Hants, iiatbara, Los Angeles ...... SiSSa
StOOp Ha/warda, Nlles aud Sau Jose 7«3V%
fttsO»i> V;iIIpJ» 11:33*
•:«<>r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Chejenne.
Omaha, Cuic»go 12«2:»#.
«:OOp Oriental Mall— Osdeo, Denier,
Omaha, Chicago. «:3»r
7:«Or Oregon and California Kinross, Hao-
raiiiMitii. Marysfllle." Ituilillng,
r.ii-tlan.1. 1'nget Mound ami Kask BiASa
S>«3r San Pablo. Port Coata. Martinez
and *Vay 8tatioos 11:53a
t^OSf Vallojo 7:3*»
COAST LINE (NurroiT Uan S e).
(Foot of Market Street.) <
»:l3AXewark,Oiiter*ille.!Sa!i.)ose.Krltnn,
; ' Boulder Creek.iiauta Cruz and Way
.stations ttSOy
\ti I »r Newark, Centerville, Ssu Jose, New
Almades, F«lt?u, Itonider Creek.
Santa Cruz tad 1'rlnclpal Way
Stations 1 1 •»:•"»«»*
4*I.1r Newark, Man Jo**, Los Gatos 8:30a
o9:30p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
WaySUtlona 1*1*0*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSll rRUJCISCO— r«t or BUrlctt Slre.l(S!i?81~
t7:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:33 3:03 3:13'.*.
fromCHUSD— Fast of Br3»i*.T.— t«:'JO {8:00 fS:OI
10:l)Ol.M. 13:C3 3:00 1:33 r.U.
COAST LINE (Kroinl Cange).
t ; (Third mid Townseiwl Sts.)
t«li l<» A Ocean View, Houth Han Francisco.. t«:3»p
7:O«a &an Joss iiiuMJajr Stations !:»<»?
/7:»i»a New AlmaaVn.J / 1:30*
s:oOa Coast Line Limited, San Jose, Gilror.
Baliuas. Paso Kobles, San Luis
Obiipo, Lompoc, Santa Barbara,
Las Aagalss 10: 13»
9t3«A.Xan Jose. Tres l'liion, Hmita i.'ruz, '
Pacilic Urove and Principal Inter-
mediate .StaU. in T:3O*
I lt3OA San .lose ;in<) Way Stations ........ 3:1*0*
12:<13pSan Maten, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .loss.
Tres Picoa, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
* Monterey niul Pacific GroTe fl«:45v
fStanp San .lose and Way Stations «:S»a
tJslSp San Joiwaml Principal Way .Stations »:4StA
p£:15p Sunaatx limited — El Paso, Hew Or-
leans acd Ka*« 0 1A:1Sa
t5:00p San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Statious f9<O3A
3:3»r San.l'iae ami Principal Way Stations »:3«*
«::i»rft%n. lose ami Way .Stations {0:00a
7:U«p New Orleans Express. 8an Jose,
S*nt% Barbara. Los Angeles, D m- _ __ .
ins. El Pa*o. New Orle*ni.sndE*st T:OOA
7: OOp Del Monte, Monterey. Padflo Grova
Lompoo lOrtoP 1
qll:45r3an Jiiswatid Way Stations 7:3OP
A for Morning. 1' for A f tenioon!
t ttnmlay excepted. { Snnd*y only.
. g Wednesday*. " / Tuwday* and Fridays.
e S'Uid^ys a Saturday only.
CALIFORM NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE li .
SAN FRANGSSGO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Frnnelsco to Son Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKKT ST.
WEKK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:C0 a. m.; 12:35, 3:30.
6:10, 6:20 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip at ll:Si*
P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aad
11:3d p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:30.
5:00. 8:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael to San Francincn.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. fl:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i»
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. J:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:48, S:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park.
came schedule as above.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
Pan Francisco. (Nov. 7. 1300. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun. I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. ! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 aaa 8:40 am
3:30 pm * :30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. W:S am
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
i g:30pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm t:gpa
7:30 ami I ' Hopland j I
' I 8:00 am| and TJlciab. f 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 ara Guern* villa. 7:35 pm
8:30 pro 8:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ara
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glea Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami 110:40 amjlO:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. [ 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm>
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wese
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
' Geyserville for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdale.
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyviUe, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttar
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley"s, Bueknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullyille, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal,
Willetts. Laytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Sprlngv
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
Hi C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
«¦»-•*" *"»'•• an. a*M man.
li«£EV-~~ WEE *: DAYS_... ( 3:C0p.m.
4.-0O p. m. ) Stay over nigh tat the tavibx lioisis X. £
8:00 a. m. 1 ? j-co P M
i?3o" A :£[ sx^days 1 £»*:£
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. Sl.io.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sansali to Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l 6 r« < S EAK;rsr ST - Established
R'i'. 1854 forthe treatment of Prlvata
V Di.wases. I^>st Mantaood. Debility or
w2VT a^. wearin S on "ody and mind and
flSiin Diseases. The Doctor enres when
Bothers fail.. Try him. Charges low.
. «, * c ' np «" l «Harj»iite»«!. Call or writ*.
»r. J. J". «SI2BOX. bau Francisco. Cal. _ .condition of our working • girls.' *?;•*¦;;-,:
Mr. Pierce then spoke on j "Labor.
Unions." He said: " » ;.' ;¦
There Is much for the American Federation
cf Labor to do. It has had all it could do to
maintain Its existence until within a few years.'
Now we feel .safe in saying that there will be
no more disunion in labor's ranks, but. that
organized labor. will go on with its work till
It has secured Justice ¦ to every man, woman
and child 1 In this land'. - •-
Trades unionism means ¦ more to me than se
curing short hours and fair wages. . To-day the
American hoir.e' is almost driven out of exis
tence, the life drawn out of husband, Wife and
children that dividends may be paid. We want
to redeem our homes, to save pur children and
send them to school that they may have a
chance In life. Women come to me with tears
in their eyes and beg me to do something fur
them; tell me how they try to live on $3 or
$4 a week. Against these - conditions the
American Federation of Labor Is the only force
In the field. The men can help themselves, but
for God's sake let somebody get in and help
the ciris.
Sometimes we are driven to uee the strike,
the boycott; sometimes it's the only choice. left
except a degraded manhood. Till the forces
on the other side will meet • us fairly on , an
equal plane, until they droa the black list, we
cannot droi> the boycott. ¦
The time is ripe while California is getting
to be an industrial center, to get right condi
tions for labor. Remember these, my farewell
words: "You are a toller, you are a wage
earner: never forgret to perform ' your duty for
the benefit ot- your, posterity." ¦
OAKLAND, April 5.— Montefiore Aux'l
iary No. 3, I. O. B. B., gave an initiation
Tuesday- evening before • Oakland Lodge,
the team being composed of: 1 Mentor, B.
Silverstein ; preceptor, IF.- Rittingstein ;
vice preceptor. L. Boas; guide, SI. Barnet;
inside senUnel,' H. • Samuels. A banquet
was - given :. at which '¦¦¦ addresses were
delivered by Rabbi Frledlander, A. Jones,
Sol Kahn, Mr., Schwartzbaum, „ Mr. > WoJ
len, ¦ Mr. , Bernstein, -,: Sam , Samuels, Bert
LJssner ; and Colleagues Ringolsky and
B'nai B'rith Initiation.
Pioneer Citizen Dead.
OAKLAND, ADril 5.— T. S. Scrlbner, a
pioneer citizen of Napa County, died last
night in Oakland. Mr/ Scribner was the
owner of a large ranch In the Monticello
district, where he was influential- In poli
tics. He came to the coast In 1S52. De
ceased leaves a widow and six children.
ALAMEDA, April 5.^-Gotfd Friday ser
vices ¦ were held in St. Joseph's Catholic
and Christ -' Episcopal churches ' to-day.
Special music -vwas rendered at Christ
Church morning and evening. At St. Jo
seph's Father Foley celebrated the mass
of the pre-sanctified- . -
Good Friday Services.
The ceremonies of the feast of the Pass
over were continued to-day in the Jewish
synagogues. Rabbi i- riedlander addressed
the worshipers of Congregation Beth Ja
cob 1 on the subject. "What Shall We Do
With Our Children?" : /_•• >
¦ The mass of .the pre-sanctified was cel
ebrated this morning in commemoration
of the day at St. Patrick's Church by the
Rev. J. B. McNally. This evening Father
McNally preached . on the passion of
Christ.^
• The rectors of St. Paul's, Trinity, St.
Andrew's and the Church of the Advent
held special services this morning at 10:30
Rev. Father. Serda celebrated the mass
at Sacred Heart Church in Temescal. At
St.- Anthony's, in East Oakland, Rev-
Father Gleason was celebrant.
At St. John's 'Episcopal Church' there
was a choral service from 9 to 10:30 this
morning and from noon until 3 o'clock.
At vespers this evening the pastor, Rev.
M. N. Ray, preached. > ,
At the First Congregational Church this
evening all the churches of that denomi
nation in the city joined in special Good
Friday services. Sermons were delivered
by the Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean and Rev.
Raymond C. Brooks. :* -
the direction of Professor Adolph Gregory
The evening , services followed the usual
Catholic ritual. \
The Rev. Father Morrison was celebrant
of the mass -¦ of the pre-sanctified at the
Church, of St. Mary of the Immaculate
Conception. The choral music was under
. .. 1118 Broadway, April 5. ,
Churches of the Episcopalian and Cath
olic faith made , the observation of Good
Friday : general. " The First Congregational 1
Church introduced 'an Innovation by hold
ing., special . services ¦ appropriate to the
day. • •: • ¦ .-; ¦. , - . .. ' .-... < ¦ : ¦ . '
At St. -Francis de Sales Church the Rev.
Father Cull delivered a sermon this morn
ing/-, The Rev. Father ' McSweeney was
celebrant of the mass. The ceremony of
the veneration of . the cross was observed.
At the evening services the via crucis was
celebrated..' '¦ . - - / ; ¦ ¦
Oakland Office San. Francisco Call,
Next Week.
BERKELEY, April 5.— The i Associated
Women Students of- the University of
California met this morning to' nominate
officers for the coming college year. . The
following nominations were made: :¦ <
President— Miss Lydia Dozier,' Miss Elise
Wenzelburger, Miss ,Mary Jewett; Mips
Grace Woods ; first vice ; president — Miss
Florence Hudson, Miss Emma Stoer; sec
ond vice president— Miss Ruth Berg, Miss
Adele Lewis, Miss Flora Bacigalupi; sec
retary— Misa Martha Rice, Miss Talulah
Le Cohte; treasurer— Miss Sue Dunbar. .
The- following: nominations were ' made
for ' directors of .the art ' association, ! four
of whom are to be selected: Miss E. M.
Ratcliffe, Miss Edna Wilde, Miss Lucil-3
Graves, Miss, Inez Shlppee, ¦• Miss Mary
Klttredge, Miss Frances French,. Miss
Jessie Davis. ¦ ¦ -. .
Hereafter, the first vice president of tho
Associated Women Students will be presi
dent of the Sports and Pastimes Associa
tion." The second vice president will be
the head of the standing committees. '
The election will be held some time next
week. ' ¦ . ' ' -r : '; :' ' ; ¦ ' . : i.Vi.-3
OFFICERS NOMINATED
BY WOMEN STUDENTS
Election Among Young Ladies of
State University to Be Held
The difficulty will not affect the election
providing the new ballots can be issued
by Monday. The names of the candidates
for library trustees will remain on the
tickets, although the new State law mak
ing such offices appointive has gone into
effect. Those receiving: the highest num
ber of votes will be appointed by th»
Trustees. '
BERKELEY, April 5.— After the ballot3
for the municipal election of Monday next
nad been printed and bound it was foun-i
that errors existed. In several cases thi
word "for" preceding the name of the of
tlce for which a candidate had been nom
inated was omitted. Blank spaces after
the names of regular nominees for Trus
tees had also been left out.
Error in Berkeley Ballot.
FLOTSAM FROM WRECK OF
THE RIO COMES ASHORE AT
_ ALAMEDA. ' ' • . ¦'-_:"'
RITES OF GOOD FRIDAY
ARE OBSERVED IN CHURCHES
ALAMEDA, April 5.— One of two
pieces of flotsam from the wreck
of the ill-fated steamer Rio de
Janeiro that were picked up on
the bay shore' at the foot of Mc-
Pherson street yesterday is calculated to
bear out the theory that the boilers of the
ship" exploded" just as she took the final
plunge beneath the waves. It is a copper
calling-card plate bearing the name of
Miss Rowena Jehu, one of the victims of
the wreck, that is firmly embedded in the
piece of wood that has kept it afloat these
many days, showing that "it must have
been driven into the timber by some ex
plosive force. ' . . • '• ' '
The flotsam was found i>y Mrs. Josejrti
Boles, a Portuguese washerwoman, living
at 3 Hendriek place. She was gathering
driftwood ' on the shore ¦ when she . came
upon it. She also found a small trunks
that evidently had been the property of
a, well-to-do Chinese who met his fate
on the Rid de Janeiro. "
. Mrs. Boles called a boy named Joe Cavo
to look at her find. With some difficulty
he forced the lid off, exposing to view a
little wooden japanned box, p. number of
pieces - of silken apparel, some Chinese
notebooks and a wooden die. The clothing
seems 'to be of the best material and in
dicates that the owner was' wealthy. The
notebooks have fancy covers 'and one of
them is described as a Chinese dictionary.
The die probobly contains the name of the
Chinese who lost his life and has been
translated into "Lul He Tief Chee Gun'
by a local interpreter. The trunk itsalf
is well preserved considering the length
of time it has been in the- water and not
a scratch mars its leather exterior. . •
There is come controversy over the pos
session of the little box that -was found
inside of the trunk. Mrs. Bole3-says that
young Cavo ran off with It. as soon as he
rattled it and found that something jin
gled inside. She thinks It contained a,
large sum of money. On the other hand.
Cavo ¦ says he did not ; take the box , and
fhat Mrs. Boles has it. He stoutly denies
that there was any money in it, anyway.
Mrs. Boles told the atory of her find to
Mrs. Arthur M. Hickox. one of her em
ployers, and yesterday afternoon Mrs.
Hickox took some of the articles to the
Chinese Consul In San Francisco. He was
very much Interested in the them and said
that Chinatown would* be -placarded in an
effort to discover the relatives - of the
drowned Chinese. ¦ • ¦ -
The wood and name-plate and the trunk
Mrs. Boles, carried to her home. It was
not long before the 'news of the find had
j spread over I the entire neighborhood and
many flocked to see the thines. Amoi,?
those who viewed them was a young man,
who recognized. the name of Miss Rowena
Jehu 33 being that of a victim of the
wreck. He persuaded Mrs. Boles to give
him the wood and date, which he took
to the Jehu home in this city.
It is the opinion of those who saw the
relics that the plate could only have been
so embedded in the timber by a sudden
and great force.. It )s so firmly fixed that
It cannot be moved. ' When the Rio de
Janeiro went down her boilers are said to
have exploded and this explosion is be
lieved to- have caused the death of many
of the struggling passengers and crew.
The members ' of the King's Daughters
lavished a wealth of floral - decorations
upon the apartments at the hotel which
will be the pastor's abode.- Receptions
are to be held next week in' honor of the
newcomers, and the Men's League has
arrangements in hand for a banquet,
Easter Sunday Dr. Baker will preach
his first sermon as pastor. The services
will be notable in that Mrs. Edward Hod
son Bayley of London, formerly Miss
Josephine Simon of this city, will be the
leading soprano. Mrs. Bayley is here to>
attend her- father, Joseph Simon of 523
Seventeenth ¦ street. In his illness. Her
husband is a member of Parliament. She
went abroad to study for a professional
career, but abandoned that idea when she
was married.
OAKLAND, April -5.— The Rev. E. E.
Baker, the new pastor of the First Pres
byterian Church, arrived to-night from
Ohio with his family and went to the Ho
tel Metropole, where he will reside tem
porarily. Dr. Baker was met at Sixteenth
street station and welcomed by a commit
tee of the church, composed of George D.
Gray, Dr. G. E. Brinckerhoff, "W. F. Cur
tiss, D. Edward Collins, James T. Gardi
ner and E. Marvin.
Sermon, on Easter.
THE REV. E. E.' BAKER
ARRIVES FROM OHIO
New Pastor of Elrst Presbyterian
Church Will Preach Inaugural
estimated deficit of $38,000 that confronts
the city have led to the submission of sev
eral plans by which the several depart
ments of . the government, including the
schools, may be operated to the close of
the year without impairment of useful
ness.
The plan involves, among other things,
the rebating by the Contra,, Costa Water
Company of its charged for service,
amounting to about $8000, to the city for
the remainder of the fiscal year.
There is a serious legal question in
volved in' this proposition, which 13 now
under consideration by City- Attorney
Johnson and Special Counsel Hayne in the.
vrater case.
The water company has agreed to make
this rebate, provideo. the city wlU pay the
accrued bills for this fiscal year, which
amount to 525,000. These bins have not
been paid because the city's counsel has
contended that they are not legal claims
against the city. The contention has been
that the water company's attempt to col
lect under last year's ordinace is unlaw
ful. While the company has enforced
payment against individual consumers,
the corporation made no move to compel
the city to pay for its water, although
bills based on the rate of 1S99 were pre
sented monthly.
The problem is now whether the city
will involve ltse.f in any awkward Itjgal
situation by accepting the rebate upon the
conditions imposed by the water com
pany.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany, through Manager John A. Brltton,
has voluntarily offered to remit Us bills
for April, May and June, thus saving $4000
to the city. There is no legal obstacle in
the way of an acceptance of this donation
toward the canceling of the deficit.
Another source from which it is hoped
to secure a cleaning up of a large portion
of the prospective shortage is by carry
ing over to the next fiscal year the statu
tory salaries, amounting to about $28,CC0.
If the City Council shall accept these
three propositions the deficit will be over
come on the face of the books, but there
will be carried- over the water company's
demand for'future payment of the claims
entered up to April 1 of this fiscal year.
There will be a conference to-morrow
between City Attorney Johnson and Spe
cial Counsel Hayne upon the legal phases
of the tender.
--•'". Oakland Ofi3ce San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 5.
The efforts of Mayor Barstow and the
new municipal administration to meet the
If Accrued Account Bs Paid Corpora
tion Will R-mit Three Months'
Charges — Legal Aspect
Under Inquiry.
Oakland Officials Consider
Water Company's Offer
to Rebate.
SCHEME TO MEET
A CITY'S DEFICIT
The stenographers' , fees for reporting
the case will amount to $13,000. In order
to keep up with the work of transcribing
the record they have been compelled " to
work at night and. from early in • the
morning, -as it was necessary to have the
transcript of . each day's proceedings in
court by 10 o'clock the following morning.
The reporters have taken turns in hand
ling the water case records. . V " . •.
OAKLAND, April 5.— The records of the
Superior Court show that the water, rate
case has consumed more time than any
other litigation in the history of the coun
ty. It consumed the court "days in De
partment 3 for six months.
BIG FEES FOR REPORTING
WATER CASE PROCEEDINGS
The Trial the Largest on the Records
of the Alameda County Supe
¦ V- = :; rior Court. *
CRAM'S ATLAS OF THE
WORLD.
190O Census Edition,
Is offered as a premium to all I
: Call readers. Several sample
atlases are on exhibition at the
business office of this paper
and all personsdesiringa first
class atlas are invited; to call
and inspect this splendid book '
of reference. C "
The City, Attorney has been requested to
lose no time in drafting the required pa
pers, upon which the . City Council can
speedily act. The serious side of the situ
ation is in the fact that officers of the
city government who fail to file the suf
ficient bond required by law cannot be
considered as, qualified to serve- in "their
respective capacities. The City Attorney's
office realizes the importance of i imme
diate action, and it is expected that the
subject will be in hand for presentation
at the next meeting of the City Council. .
As soon as this report was laid before
Mayor Snow he presented it. to members
of the former Council. No' action was
taken upon the • matter. ¦ with the result
that the outgoing Mayor was compelled to
turn the subject over to his successor,
Mayor Barstow, as. unfinished business.
Expert- Cornell was instructed by the
Mayor to carry his investigations of all
matters in connection with the adminis
tration of the government to the minutest
point. In the course of his work he came
upon these bonds, many of which, in po
licemen's cases, were filed years and years
ago and have never been examined, since.
The result has been that the expert, in
running down each surety upon the bonds,
found that in many instances signers were
dead, in other cases they had become
financially irresponsible and in still others
they had left the State and could not be
traced. In the neighborhood of seventy
five bonds were thus put under examina
tion.
Half the bonds filed by. policemen and
other employes and officials of the city of
Oakland are^not . ¦worth the paper upon
which they are printed." This condition of
affairs is revealed; in a report which has
been made by City Expert Cornell to the
Mayor. Immediate steps ¦ to' correct the
situation will be ' taken by Mayor Bar
stow, who has laid the report before City
Attorney Johnson . for necessary action.
The City Council will be called upon at
once to make the necessary move to com
pel the filing- of new bonds. . -
The condition is a legacy from the
former, administration. Behind it is a
story of the failure of the last Council to
remedy the startling- state ' of | affairs,
which was called . to its i attention by
Mayor Snow before he retired from office.
The trouble is in the main' due to neglect
and carelessness of former officials to
make the searching investigation which
has disclosed the utter, worthlessness of
the official guarantees.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'. 1118 Broadway; April 5.
Neglect and Carelessnsss for Years
Invalidate Many Guarantees Filed
in Accordance "With the .
Law's Demands.
OFFICIAL BONDS
THAT ARE AWRY
Expert Repeals Many Cases
Where There Is Lack of
Proper Surety. ;
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
HOME OF THE MACCABEES WILL
BE DEDICATED WITH FITTING RITES
New Temple on Eleventh and Clay Streets, in Oakland, to
Be Opened Tuesday With Most Elaborate Ceremonies,
in the Presence of Many Members of the Order
OAKLAND, April 5.-The Macca
bees of Oakland will dedicate
their new temole on the south
west corner of Eleventh and Clai
streets on Tuesday afternoon and
in the evening there will be tendered to
Lillian M. HoIMstcr, supreme commander
of the Ladies of the Maccabees, and
George J. Siegle, supreme record keeper
of the Knights of the Maccabees, a recep
tion in the now tcraole. This will be a
very important day fcr the order In Oak
land. There will be many important vis
itors from other parts oi the State to par
ticipate In the exercised and meet the two
supremo officers. State Commander S. W.
Hall. v.ho Is a resident of this city, will
lake an important part in the exercises of
the day and committees have been ap
pointed from the local lodges.
The new ternpie is completed and is be
inpr occupied, but it was thought that It
would be well to combine the dedication
End the reception to the supreme officers
ned make cne grand day of both events.
The dedication will take place at ha!r-
I cst 2 o'clock in the afternoon and the re
crption at 8 o'clock in the evening.
The afternoon services will be the ritual
¦ ¦ • • t ?
THOSE WHO WILL. BE-.PROMI
NENT; IN THE DEDICATION OF
' MACCABEES' TEMPLE. .' .,
Waterhouse and Potts, Sir Knights Laymance,
Parker. Smith and Wolfe. -
Flo8r director — E. F." Garrison. - '.
In Oakland there are two tents of the
Knights of the Maccabees— Oakland No. 17
and Argonaut No. 33-^and " one hive of
Ladies of the Maccabees — Oakland No. 14.
Oakland Tent, the pioneer organization, in
this city, was . formed. m February, 1833,
with a membership of twenty. The first
commander was Dr. Brinkerhoff, the lieu
tenant commander- Professor J. H. Ayde
lotte and the recprd keeper J. H. Button.
The tent has attained a membership of
465. The management "t the present time
is in the hands. of the following officers:
W. H. Smith, commanJer; Dr. T. R» Jor-
Brown, record keeper.
A ladies' auxiliary, otherwise known- as
the Ladies of the Maccabees, is the only
women's organization that has an insur
ance and benefit attached to it. It con
ducts all its business without any aid
from the gentlemen of trie Knights of the
Maccabees. The membership on March
1 numbered 85,848. . . „
. Thelady officers of the local hive are:
Mrs. M. W. Aydelotte. iady commander;
Mrs.-E. Patton, record keeper, and Mrs.
E. kelson, finance Keeper.
G. J.:Siegle, the supreme record keeper,
is a gentleman who is an acknowledged
authority on fraternal and protective or
ders. : He has held his present office for
a long term and to the advancement of
the society he is in a great measure re
sponsible. He is to be present on the oc
casion of the dedication of the new tem
ple and will act as chief dedicating offi
cer. At both the afternoon and the even
ing exercises he will deliver an oration.
That all may have an opportunity to at
tend, both members and the public gen
erally, early application should be made
to E. :E. Laymance at 460 and 462 Eighth
street,- who represents Argonaut Tent No.
33. or to J. L. Fine, at 479 Ninth street,
who represents Oakland Tent No. 17. and
to Mrs. E. W. Medan at 1233 Broadway,
Oakland. The dedication and evening ex
ercises are strictly invitational, no tickets
being sold or admission fee charged.
FIRST SHOVELFUL
FOR THE FACTORY
Work Begun on West
Berkeley Furniture
Establishment.
BERKELEY, April 5.-Ground for the
new furniture factory In West Berkeley
was broken to-day. J. A. Marshall, who
has the contract for the cement and foun
dation work, put on a force of men this
morning. Trie lines of the building were
marked and excavations were com
menced. ' The contract calls for the finish
ing of the foundation within forty days
after it Is started.
The factory, when completed; is expect
ed to be of great assistance to Berkeley
commercially. Other enterprises of thf>
same sort will undoubtedly follow its lead
and locate in the West End. Already
capitalists are > looking over the ground
with a view to erecting a glass works. ¦_
When the proposition of building. a fur
niture factory was laid before the people
of this i city last year money was -raised
and the land upon which the factory is
now being built was purchased. The peo
ple hold the deed in escrow, but the land
will become the property of the furniture
manufacturing company within two years,
providing the agreement entered into with
the people is carried out. ¦•¦...
- E. J. Bruschke, manager ¦ of the com
pany, agreed tC employ 500 men and boys
continuously for two years after the fac
tory opened. Mr. Bruschke . hopes .that
this number will be increased to 1000. , The
town has granted the company a right "of
way from the property on Third street to
the water front, and the promoters of th3
factory will build a wharf three-quarters
of a mile long to deep water. .- -
,• Manager : Bruschke represents Eastern
and -.Western 'capitalists. He will ,brln?
lumber from Oregon to be made Into fur
niture here,
Summer School Instructors.
BERKELEY, Aprli. 5.— The State Uni
versity announced to-day that "Ewald
Flagel, professor of English philology; in
Stanford University, and EUwood P.-Cub
berley. associate " professor : of education
at Stanford, have accepted arr>'invltation
to join the ' faculty, of the University of
California for the ¦ approaching summer
session from June 27 to August .7. Profes
*=dr Flagel -will give a five-hour course in
the summer, session In "Historical Eng
lish Grammar," a four-hour course on
"Chaucer" and a -four-hour course on
"Ballads." Professor Cubberley will lec
ture live - times a week the •first - three
weeks of the summer session- on "School
Administration." The second half of the
course will be given by Professor James
E. Russell.. dean of Teachers' College of
Columbia University in New York City.
Professor Russell will discuss : forelgm
school. systems with reference to second
ary and higher as well as elementary ed
ucation. mesmwHt BmBBS^M^I,
of the order for such occasions. For the
evening the following programme has been
arranged:
Overture, orchestra; address, George J. Sie
pie. supreme record-keeper, K. O. T. M.; vocal
Fnlo. "Summer" (Chatninade), Miss Mary Ches
ifr Williams ; address. Lillian M. Hollister, eu-,
preme commander, L. O. T. 11.: selection, or
chestra; barytone solo, "Asleep in the Deep,"
Georpe C. Stanley: address, "Fraternities,"
David Starr Jordan: selection, orchestra.
The committees in charee are: • . ;•.."-
Arr.ir.Kem<?nte— State Commander S. W. Hall,
rliaSrman: I-adies Hall, \V«lls and Todd. Sir
Knights McB&in, Murdock, Crowin, Keefer and
Fine. •
Reception committee— Ladies Aydelotte, Ernst,
CAUSE OF LABOR
IS THEIR THEME
Mass-Meeting Addressed by
"Well-Known Speakers on
Trades Unionism.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 5.
The Rev. B. Fay Mills presided over a
mass-meeting in the Interests of labor to
night at Elite Hall, at which National Or
ganizer Pierce of the American Federa
tion of Labor made the principal address.
Mr. Mills said In opening' the meeting-:
Human society is a living, growing organism,
and the hand cannot Bay to the head, "I have
ro seed of thee." I should like to 6ee the day
when the only people on the earth would be
working people. In fact thr-y are so to-day;
the ethers are dead aud don't know it.
In an ideal state of society the wealth that
is created by the community, or is the gift of
rature. would belong to the community.: That
ideal state fs on Its way here. In the mean
time what shall we rely on except the re
rources of organized labor? It Is hard to real
ize that it is a scant twenty-five years since
a labor union was first legally recognized. At
the present day as Andrew Carnegie, who has
Toug-ht labor unions fairly and squarely all his
life, has Just gone out of control of a. great
corporation, hte place has been taken by , a
man who, now presiding over a concern five
times greater, publicly announces that In all
the dealings of the United States Steel Com
pany the interests of organized labor shall be
recognized. j ¦
Organized labor has stood for the uplifting
ot women, for peace instead of war. for union
Instead of discord. And now It is coming to
be recognized that labor has something to say
about its chare of the profits of Its toil.
Mrs. J. D. Pierce was next introduced
and said:
The men struggle alonr and do the best they
oan. but at a certain point they find their limit
and fcave to call m the women to help them
out. J^ow we women are bejinning to help
More especially for our own sakes we need
labor organizations for women and especially
lor eirls. We have incentives that must ap
?m^J; 0 7 , wonulI >'» heart. A condition of
things exists-ifs called the ."department etore.
?l ce #*7 <md J t s tlme that orsanized labor tools
v£J^if ub J ect - You know what r mean; you
knowthe danrer. the fate. I may say. that
confront* a youn^ Birl who works for J4 a week.
vrhich is as much as most of the girl clerks
end factory hinds receive
Every motive appeal* to tu . to < better ths
: Want 'Fire Apparatus.
OAKIJAND, April 5.— The Melrbsa. Im
provement Club held a meeting last night
to discuss j the need for improved 'fire
fighting facilities.- E. D. Lane delivered a
speech, i In iwhlch he commented- on ; the
community's v helplessness, -as -, illustrated
by,, the ..Vulcan Smelting Works ; fire ;last
Tuesday; flight -,v The club .will take steps
to secure modern fire apparatus.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 190 1.
11
Wreckage From the 111-Fated Steam
ship Drifts Ashore at Alameda and
Is Found by :a Washerwoman
PROOF OF EXPLOSION
ON RIO DE JANEIRO
Soon after the formation of the first tent
on February 4,- 1897, a second tent, Argo
naut No. 33, was instituted. This .tent at
its first meeting had thirteen members.
At the present time it consists of about
200 members.
The present officers of j Arponaut Tent
are: J. W. Murdock, commander; A. C.
Fisher, lieutenant commander: C. IT.
Parker, • past commander, and B, M.
dan, lieutenant commander: J. L. Fine,
record keeper: . R. C Keefer, finance
keeper: J..S. Carney, chaplain; C. F. Lew
is, sergeant; W. E. Lee, master at arnu;
E. F. Rose, first master of guards: J.
Milne, second master of guards; J. J. Fitz
gerald, sentinel; P. L. Sternberg, picket:
Dr. F. J. Todd, physician; Dr. B. Stetson,
assistant physician
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Easter fiction num-
ber of The Sunday Call ' out
next Sunday. Do not miss it.
Some of the best 5 short story
-writers of the day are among
its special contributors. .
- Why not try, a pail?
¦ •' The NXFalrbank Company.
Chicago— Solo ikumraeturers.
. fflLC! "A Public Secret,"
-' mailed free to any address.
- ¦ For two - 2c stamps we will
- - send - free our 125- page recipe
• book. "Home Helss." ; edited ¦
P. S.— NoHo^FatinCOTTOLENB
Being pure and nutritious, also
odorless and neutral, it makes
better tasting and more satisfy-
ing things ' to eat than is possible
with animal fats.
White
Cbttolene
The vegetable shortening and
frying medium, which renders
your "rich" food as wholesome as
it is delicious.
Want the food you set before
your family, Madam, to be the
best you can prepare? You are
overlooking a vast opportunity
for improvement if you do not
Don't You
j Immediately (in Arising $
a in the Morning Take % a Goblet of the ; : *
5 BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN, J
5 " * ' '¦• ni""' "'mm"- tr. : '<-'-%'
i ' \;.'-^ ' '¦--' "¦ : ¦- J - '¦ " , * • i
K . ¦ It is a "friend Indeed" (the next morning) to the '/diner-out" , . P
'A speedy, sure and gentle care for all disorders of the stomach and llyer. It. has .
0 '. . no equal as a remedy for. ¦ -. W
£ . To Protect Yourself Against Substitution #
I BE SURE AHD USE THE FULL HAWE-"HUHfADI.JAHOS" I
£, Label on Bottle Is Blue with Red Centre Panel. %THE SAaSTFUANCISCO^CALIi, SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
FT.-SINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C«.l. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; ope- until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22E1 Market Etreet. corner sixteenth; open
until 9 r>. m.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
• 1"96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tu'-ky gtreets; open until 9 p. m. _
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodre No. 169, F. and A. M.— m~ : :
<-sJIed meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; second de- }fc. JZ
gree. R- E. ALLAN. Secretary. / '
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
rrocees from F. C LeBlond and W. E. Olm-
6tead. In the Chaparral Hill mine. near
Downleville. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings ir.
Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung, in the Ful-
ler riatt min<\ near Scales. Sierra Co., to de-
r>r*It tailings in Canyon Creek: from J. H
Fkinner, 1n the Lava Point mine, at Hep;l-
¦ rfsm. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In
Whiskey Cr**>k: from J. W. Dempsey. in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Quincy. Plumas
Oo.. to deposit tailings In Whiskey Creek,
and from J. B. Carter and "William Deal, In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek.
Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings in Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting ¦^i" 1 '*
held et room 69. Flood building, fian Fran-
cisco. Cat., on April 15. 1801. at 1:30 p. m.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the etock-
holrters of the Pacific Undertakers will be
held at 777 Mission Et., on MONDAY, April
* 1CCJ. «t S:30 p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors for the balance of the ensuing term
snd the tran*a«-t!on of cvrh other business ««
may come before It. Transfer books will
close Friday. Anrl] K. 1901. «t 4 p. m.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per y** 1 ]-
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted. Call JTP.S. M. VAN", 604
Turk Et.
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. Call at
room 101. 9S7 Market et, corner Sixth.
SOLICITORS, male or female, BO per cent com-
miFFlcn. 227 Hayes Et. ___•_
A-SrilALTUM ROOFING. ~
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTn0LQGY>
Frlrntlflc teacher of astrology: horoscopes com-
pl*if.50c &l\. Mrs.Dr.Smlth. 1007M, Market.r.12.
ATTOItNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce !aw a specialty; private:
-- fee without euccess; collecticns. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market., cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages: es-
tates: mining; open even. 532 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market et., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIOAKllIXc; FOR CHILDREN.
KIND, experienced woman would like infant
or small child to board: terms $8 to ?10 a
month. Apply lOS'.j Fell St.. lower flat.
Ill SI NESS CHANCES.
>Z-VlOOO— FIRST-CLASS an* elegantly fitted up
restaurant: choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business: rent $50: a rare
business offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 2$V S
Kearny st.
A— J1300; DELICACY and provision store; 1
Mock from Market Et. ; daily receipts from
135 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
R. «. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— $IS0O; SALOOX in whosesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $DC; daily re-
ceipts $20; good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— JC50; SALOON, corner; only one block S. of
Market et.; net rent $35; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kear-
r.y et.
j\— $1S:*; CORNER grocery and bar, on Point
LctK*s ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
?"Mablished and firrt-class paying business,
with large stock: rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26', Kearny Ft.
.A-J300f RESTAURANT on Sansome Bt.; vent
MSj good paying. U. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
«' ANTHONY & CO.. 759 Market Et.
Phone Black 4071
...Money loaned on legitimate propositions...
List your business with us
We pell for cash
f4iX>— Bakery; Western Addition
$275— Branch bakery; near school
$700— Butcher shop; Mission; horse, wagon...
J4C-0— Candy, ice cream parlor; leading Etreet..
S250 — Cigar rtand; wholesale district
PHSTArriANT; fine location: payli.g business;
must rell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Mar-
ket Ft.
A— $700: MEAT market: business location; cash
rpgistcr. safe. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Jiooo— STATIONERY, notion, cigar and candy
store; pFtablished over 20 years; paying busi-
nrrs; owner must leave the city. DECKER,
1038 Market st.
Ki:STAiriiANT and chophouse on Sixth St..
doing a nice business; fine place for man and
wife. California Business Assn., SK 1 ,-; Market.
?f'.O— <'ANDY end icecream parlor; receipts $30
a day: on principal street; owner retiring;
ri<-li. California Business Assn., ES5% Market.
f^C-BAKERY. with horse and wagon; an old
established business with fine cash trade.
California Business Assn., SC5«i Market Et.
S-'PKr-IAL NOTICK^wTTiave several except
¦ tonally desiratle candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
t-fupf: also restaurants, barber shops and
*},loo:is=. FISHKR & CO., S35 Market st.
I'HOPHOUFB «.n Hixth Ft.; bargain: must sell
nt once: worth $500; -.vill eell for J250. FISH-
l.R fc CO., 33S Market Et.
}-f>0 RAKBER *hop: bargain; going East: cause
of Kalo. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>i Market.
KM -PARTNER In established commission
I.u:ines5. McLAIMJHLIN & CO... 777'i Market.
FOB «>3l«»— Country lintel and bar at railroad
depot. Alnmeda County: completely furnished;
all Al condition; only liotel in town; Investi-
gate this. It H. CRAKE. SOS California Et.
A— SZlW: HOTEL and bar. 23 years established
and centrally located; bus to all trains; 50
FtpndylKjardPrs; Will sell at half value on ac-
count r,t death; fine bar trade. LUNDIN &
. CO.. S0C Market Ft. and 9 Ellis Ft.
3W« CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
SM> candy and lr«<*ream stores. 500 restaurants.
pfrt strres of a\l kinds: partners wanted.
rurti*-* Tvith Jino up can be suited.
WAITER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market St.
A^JWOj REPTATRANT; no better location In
the r|ty; ihis Is positively worth over $1000,
liut it mUFt go immediately. Business Board
f»r Trade. C25 Pine ft.; l'hone Davis 326.
•frM-PAKTNKRFHirrTfSlit and~paj : ing~busr
liess; present partner must sell owing to other
buyitif-ss; pood .lianc for suitable party; call
fnrrnoon. ;; Geary ft.
A-<X>OT> restaurant complete; good payer: in
ioaniifa<-lurinc center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., £50 Market et.
tr.:.or-Fon sal*— Roadhouse east of Haywards;
. one ai'ie land and improvements. For partic-
ulars p.pi.ly M. L. CRAKZ. 4S3 Eddy St.. S. F.
FOR Falp — «:rcvery and notions. Twenty-third
rt.: bargain If Mild at once: don't miss. A.
CAMERON & CO.. S50 Market et.
I"'**)— STORE building, also a nice residence, all
In Al condition; large lot In railroad town
ii<-»r this city; a great bargain. H. II.
• ¦RANE. SOS California St.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for mechanic
with some little capital to obtain paying pofI-
tion in a now furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Address O. F.. box 2S27, Call office.
A GOOD paying Faloon: day business; cheap
rent; good location; downtown. Address box
Z7PR, Call office.
CIGAR store for sale. 236>a East St., near Fol-
som.
FOIt Eaie-^-Restaurant and living rooms com-
ptcte. i:6 Second et.
I-'OR Fale — Small restaurant: cheap; two livlng-
rtnims. Box 2S35. Call office.
WANTED— Partner in butcher business; expe-
rience not needed: references. 3C55 Sixteenth.
A NEWLY patented device for military pur-
poses In camp, trench and hospital, thus ln-
vitinc Government contracts; for miners.
prosi««>ctors and campers. In cold, froren and
• all reci03f=. from whom the demand should
be lstpe. as this device would be the means
of sxvin? thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc: for cattlemen, farmers, dairy-
man, orchardists. etc.; for railroad, gas and
waier companies; it will form a most profit-
nh'e liasis for organizing a company to ex-
flolt It; the patent of this most lucrative
monopoly is offered for only, one-half its ap-
praised value. Address box 162. Berkeley
P. P.. Cal. ., ¦ ¦
OfTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
FOR SALE— Account 111 health; general . mer-
chandise store In thriving manufacturing
oenter: 15 miles from San Francisco; $3500 or
tr. In voice. Call box 27S3. Call.
BUSINESS CHAXCES-— Continued.^
GOOD paying old-established lumber business;
' including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
II. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City, Cal.
$400— RESTAURANT doing a good business;
present owner been there five years; sold on
account of leaving city. Box 2S54. Call office.
BARGAIN— The Old Grotto, Seventh and Mar-
ket; Odd Fellows' building; Inquire evenings.
RESTAURANT for sale: doing good business;
rent cheap. 506 Howard st.. near First.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t. i
LODGIXC-HOl'SES FOH SALE.
SELECT~A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A— ICO houses not listed with other agents.
15 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms on Eddy St.. near Market 500i
]4 rooms on Third St., near Market 650
14 rooms on Mission st.... &50
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary it.; clears $135 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300..- 6000
85-room house; clears $S00 COOO
S0-room boarding-house; clears $800 "... 5000
8-room flat; eunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
600 other houses, 3 lo 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at IV2 per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 850 Market St., and 8
Stockton Bt., phone Bush 328, rooms 21, 22, 23.
—If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices; if you wish to purchase, eee our list
of bargains.
El rooms, Sixth Bt.; good condition; rent
$140; clears $173; Al location, $3000.
23 rooms; rent $75; offices first floor; six
i rooms pay $60; leaves 17 rooms for $15: good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700.
8-room modern flat; Eddy st; rent $40; good
furniture and carpete; sunny; $450.
17 rooms; Geary st.; rent $65: good carpets
and furniture; all rented; pays $S5 over ex-
' penses; offices first floor.
12 rooms; Leavenworth st. ; rent $55; ele-
gant; |S50; full good roomers.
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; well furnished; good location.. $250
10 rooms; cheap rent; honest value $550
22 rooms; apartment house: must sell.... $1000
32 rooms; money maker; downtown $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished: see thls..$«50O
150 rooms; a chance aeldcm offered.. $25,000
Hundreds to choose :rom $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc .$4300
32 rooms, new. clean; clears $50... 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 10C0
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
"We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. .S50 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;"
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. S17 Market St.. opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St. : tel. Jessie 1599.
45 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde; very finely furnished ,fi00
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
719 Market, by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1803.
18 rooms: fine carpets and furniture — ..$1100
14 rooms; north Market; elegant furniture 1600
19 rms.; eunny cor.; fine location; % cash. 1400
35 ROOMS on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75: price $1500.
II rooms; McAllister St.; rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms; Mission St.; rent $50; price $550. -
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth St.
FOR sale — A 6-room furnished house; nice
home; rent $23, 1614 Bush st.
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
"United Ftntes or Panada one year for *1.
! SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world bo sure of his occult power that hi
¦will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 1382 Market st., opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world -renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), S13 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER. KastPr service seance, ancient
pplritE. Sunday, 10:30 a. m. and S p. m., 50c.
I0S4 Bush st.
MME. GYEISN, trance medium: advice in all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
. at 33 Sixth «=t.. rooms 16 and 17."
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. EleTitric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 005 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third ft., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult thla
rreat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
I of life: 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; tske elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth Et.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. Eit. $1 &0. 125 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26% Kearny. r. S. 6: hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant arid
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
•>aith; readings daily. 1130 Market st.
MMK. .LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvovant business medium;
names given; L. 50c. G. $L 1203 Mkt.. cor. Sth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
CLAIRVOYANT car.l reader; just arrived
from La., 15c: ladies cnly. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
' MME. ZEREDA, the SJ'Psy. Is the great palm-
.ist and card reader: <25c up. 7 Seventh st.
; MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;'
fittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St.. l>et. tth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA rea.ci# life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 paeeR. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I CARPET BEATING A\D CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, S53-357 Tcltama st.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.: phene South 146.
; CITY Steam Carpet-licatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rogr., 3S-10 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
i J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatine Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
! ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Maine 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i CARPETS cleaned at (he lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 EJghth st. Telephone Jesse 944. • .
CONKXJN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; t*Iei>hon-» East 126. \
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown .nails., warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY"S Agency— No^hargTun^
; less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
' 'COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
3 BROAD place, oft Bush, between Hyde and
• Larkln— Sunny cottage of 5 rooms: rent $15.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
; Class iates; patterns cut , 1019 Market st.\
• ACCORDEON pleating; country, orders prompt
attention. . 121 Post, over O'Connor & MoEfatt.
DENTISTS. <__r_*^
A^l^^EL^^O-DENTAzTciOlSlC. 809 Ma^
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7,- Flood , bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly;- teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
-p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates,' bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
I wonderful secret; painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free;, prices
, cheapest and guaranteed;' lady 'attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20. O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable ! plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,"
60c; plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates ma<le over like new; teeth
from'$S per set; extracting." EOc: gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk — Palnlviss extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgewotk. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny,- cor. B"ush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1133. 1
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy, bldg. .
LOWEST prices In d. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, PC9 Mission Bt., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner. Sixth. ¦¦
SET "of teeth without . plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk St.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F."
Gallagher, expert court reporter,, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-"
tical bookkeeping, full course, . $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mlnlng,englneering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.'
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited ' preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, " President Jordan or any
Stanford : professor, l-helan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. ¦¦¦Van
' der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San j Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.,^ 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; indivld. instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, SpaniBh.eta.ProfLDeFilippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Po6t:»stab'dlS71:ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris. -violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1C0S Mission st. : .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PAHTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. \
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ' . . '.
JAPANESE . Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;,
cooks, waiters and house sen-ants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
REL1ABLIC Japanese-Chinese employment of-
, flee; all kinds help. S15 Stockton: Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best help. 026 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Bef.t help. 411'^ O'Farrell St.: tel. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
HONEST middle-aged German woman, with-
out incumbrances. , desires chamberwork in'
hotel, respectable lodging-house or resort. -
RELIABLE young woman wishes light house-
work; steady place wanted: references. Call
Saturday or Monday. TS2 Harrison St., nr. 4th.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 952 Mission St.,. second floor.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper by a
widow from Butte, Mont. Call or address
E. M.. 404 Turk st. ' -
NEAT young girl wishes a, place for second
work; country preferred. Call 2608 Mission
St., near Twnnty-second. •VX?;-.;' i
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to
$6 we<-k; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mbecriptions has been established ' at 1093
Valencia st. - • . •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted — Eastern .man, very reli-
able and honest, with best of habits, would
like position of trust; best of reference from
last employer. Box 2S71,' Call office.
WANTED by middle-aged man— Place in the
country; handy man In everything: will do
anything; will give good references. Box
2794, Call office.
STEADY reliable man wishes situation; private
house; taking care of horses, housework and
make himself generally useful. Box 2865, Call.
BY a first-class cake baker and confectioner;
good references; wants situation. Box 2795,
Call office.
SITUATION" by young man ' taking care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2S74, Call office. '
GARDENER wants a situation; single; best
. references; thoroughly understands the busi-
ness. Box. 2217, Call office, Oakland.
CARPENTER wants steady work; would In-
vest small capital. Box 2863, Call office. " |
RELIABLE single man wants a job as a plain
gardener; understands to milk and raise veg-
etables; also handy with- tools; with best of
references. Box 2S00, Call office.
YOUNG man of presentable address, with $100
and Al references, desires position with some
1 reliable firm. Address P. A. B., room 155,
' Yosemite House. 1045 Market St.. city. . :
AMERICAN, 30 years, single. ¦ wants (situation
as working foreman in milk dairy: 3 years
with last employer; references. Box 2791, Call.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants a posi-
tion; has the best of references. Box 2793, Call.
OLD man seeks any employment. Box | 2S75,
Call office. . - \
WANTED — By Eastern man," position of trust:
understands the use of steam and handy with
tools. Address box 2792, Call office.
YOUNG 'man. experienced stenographer, type-
writer, bookkeeper., would like position; city
fir country. Box 2853. Call office. ¦¦• '
MARRIED gardener with first-class references
desires situation. Add.. V. P., box 2858, Call.
BY experience.! dry good man ; in : country
town; dress goods or domestic: no window
trimming: good references. Box 2784. -Call.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation to do house-
work in city. Address IC SHINTANI, 617
San Pablo ave.,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions hasv been established at 1096
Valencia et.
''. . " FINANCIAL. . . ' »"
FOR INVESTORS !'l -".""""¦"" ~ ~" *
I OFFER FOR SALE • ..
Unimproved, and- income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and Industrial corporations;, money- to
loan; Investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence solicited.
T. OTWAY , SADLEIR, .
Room 40, 310 Pine St., :
' ¦-. . San Francisco. r
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— "Beware." : : -
The Stanley .; Aerinl Navigation' Company
has not or does not ndvertise any of its stock
for sale in the daily newspapers; fno, stock
. will be sold by ' ths company except at ¦ Its
¦ office, and all persons are warned against the
purchase of any stock advertised for sale at
a sacrifice as the ownership of such stock is
. in litigation; no assessment will be levied, by
this company, notwithstanding certain adfer-
tlsements to the contrary. Further Informa-
tion at the company's office, 702 Market st. -
CHAS. STANLEY. - President.
J. A. BORN." Secretary.- " ,
MULTIPLY your income by 3, 4, 6 or 6 without
risk, work or trouble; eminently -respectable;
middle-aged or ; elderly "persons -with some
money and no family. Address SCOTT RICE '
Box 14. Call office. - ¦¦¦¦'• .-.*•: ¦-.-¦» .-I
. FLATS TO; Ll3f T - r KlJkSi»H3JL>.;.i ¦*
DIAMOND. 819. near Twenty-fourth— 3 rooms.
PATTIEON &CO.. 11: City. Hall square. ¦¦.:.-
FLATS TO LET.
A SNAP — Five rooms, bath; near Taylor and
. Geary; $25. SPECK & CO.'
FLAT. of 4 rooms and bath. 1307A Broadway;
;, rent $12 50. ; ; . ' ,\ ¦.,¦.-;.--¦ - ". • - . "¦ -."
NICE lower flat, 6 rooms, bath,* garden; keys
- at 82S? Lombard St.. 1 to 3. ¦-- . ¦
NICE ¦ eunny flat; corner; ¦ 7- rooms and bath.
,402 Ninth st. ."" . -.
TWO sunny flats near City Hall;' 6-room flat,
12 Grove St. ; 4-room flat. 62 Ivy ave.
4 ROOMS and bath. 14 Bruce place, off Folsom
Et., bet.- Seventh and Elghth;-rent $11.
( FURNITURE FOR S '^ 1 ' 1 ?' ' . ".'
4 ROOMS furnished In tak, $1S 50, with No. 7
range, v King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
A" BARGAIN— 1 parlor 'set, 1 bedroom set and
a child's crib.- 1CS Silver St.. near Third.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale cheap; party
going away; cheap rent. 1904 Baker, st.
; FURNITURE WASTED, fj
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see JV.E.Cody; 7o7 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
" furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. -see J.' A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton et.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of vour furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. '1114 Mission.
CHAS. LEVY buys'. ycur furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP* WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
.....:..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Pastry cook, ~ first-class hotel, city v $40
Pastry cook, institution, city $30
¦•Pastry cock, short hours, Bleep home, -choice
place .......'. :.............$9 wk.
Cook, 12 boarders, Oakland..'.: ...$30
2 waitresses, country institution ."...$25
2 waitresses.. commercial hotel. .fare paid. .$25
2 waitresses. Commercial hotel. .fare paid. .$25
Chambermaid, institution, country. ..$25
2 waitresses, Arizona, free fare $25
10 waitresses, city $20
2 restaurant waitresses... ...$6 and $7 wk.
, Laundress, country hotel : .$20
Seamstress, hotel, city.. ". $15
0 :......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
American housekeeper, private family, serv-
ants kept- .:..". ..$30
Cook and laundress, city... • $30
2 cooks, city ..$30 and $35
Housekeeper for widower and 2 children.... $15
Young girl,, housework and act as com-
panion • $12
Infant's nurse, city ....L .......' $25
2 girls, same house, city, as housegirl and
nurse, $15 and $20; Scandinavian housegirl,
small American family, best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES,: R. R. eating-house,' $25 and
. free fare; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... ..104 Geary et.
MRS. HINCKLE.' please call.
. C.-R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
WANTEI>-Second girlfor. nice country place,
J25; chambermaid and seamstress for Santa
' Clara, $25; parlor maid, $25, see lady early
this forenoon; 8 waitresses for city and coun-
try family hotels and boarding-houses, $20
and ' $25;' 2 -waitresses for restaurant, - $7 a
week; nurse, one child, $25; 3 cooks for
miners, students and hotels, $30; cook for del-
icatessen lunch, $40; 5D girls for housework in
¦ city and country, $20, $25. and $30. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 313 Sutter St.
MRS. M. E.'DAY & CO........ Phone Main 1575
............ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
' 7 waitresses, commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 4
waitresses, city, $20: 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6 and $7; 4, chambermaids to wait, $20; 2
chambermaids, same hotel, near city, no wait-
Ing, $15; woman cook, .$12; pastry cooks, $30
and $40, very choice places. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary st. . __^
OFFICE lady for first-class summer resort:
must be musician or stenographer: see party
¦¦¦ here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
• SALESLADY' of experience ' wanted for cloak
and suit department; steady position to right
party: state experience. Address L. M., box
2870. Call office. ; . i
YOUNG girl wanted for Alameda for -general
housework. Call at 1064 McAllister St., San
Francisco, Mc.iday, between 2 and 3 p. m. ;
call 2 days. - . -
A LADY; to assist -in housework and sewing;
good home, fair pay, for right party; 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st. , -
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators; steady
work: good. pay. LOWENBERG & CO., 27
Jessie st. • " . "
TAILORESS. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
ELDERLY lady or young girl for light house-
work.' -67 Rausch st., between 7th and 8th.
GIRL; light' housework ; short distance In
country; good- home. 1653. Geary st.
WANTED— Girls to make paper boxes. 522
Market st., third floor. • .
WANTED— First-class skirt trimmer. COX, 336
OTarrell st. - ¦ ,
GIRL to~take care of children; $10. 1S21 Point
Lobos ave.
GIRL : io assist In dinlng-rcom; $12'to $15.
Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-second St., Potrero.
WANTED — "Wet nurse; .must be entirely
healthy. .Apply 771 Sutter St.; at 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS., 979-987 Market st., before 10
; a.'.m. :; ' .' .'•".',¦
HANDS'to sew in alteration department. Ap-
ply at. HALE BROS., 079-9S7 Market st, at
8 a.' m.
WANTED — First-class trimmer, maker and a
saleslady in millinery department. Apply at
HALE BROS.. 979 Market St., before 10 a. m.
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general, house-
work. In a family of 5, a strong, quick. In-
telligent girl with good references; between
ago 28 and SO ; wages $30 per month. Ad-
dress P. O. box 235, San Rafael, Cal.'
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions '
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
EXPERIENCED finishers and tuckers on la-
dies' waists. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome.
WAITRESS " and lunch waitress- wanted; good
• wages. 621 Clay. st. ; .
GIRL wanted to assist with children and gen-
' eral . housework at 103 Juniper st " ¦
-WANTED — Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st. > ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions : has been established at 1096
' Valencia st. ¦ - * -
~ HELP WANTED— MALE.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..: 104 Geary «t.
,- RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters Nevada Free Fare
Teamsters ...'..... Ukiah $2
. Heading men. ....'.. Chatsworth. Park $2 50
Timber men....... Chatsworth Park $2 50
Drillers .....Chatsworth Park ....$2
- Free Fare.... :............ ....Free Fare
Box factory foreman, , country, $3 a da^: sash
and door man, country, $3 a day; 6 milkers,
$30 to $40; 2 blacksmiths, $2 25 and $2 50 a day;
coachman, private place, $30;. porter and do
gardening, summer resort, $25; choreman, $20
, and $25.
'.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Head cook,. meat and pastry, summer resort,
. $70; broiler, hotel, $45; broiler, restaurant, $50;
" cake baker, country, $50;. baker. Institution,
country, $35; 6 cooks. $30 to $50: 10 dishwash-
. ers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30. ¦ . .. '
.3 waiters,- country hotel, $35 and free fare; 2
¦ waiters, summer resort, $35, fare paid; 2 om-
nibuses, country hotel. $25. free fare; 3 neat
young men to carry "off dishes, country hotel,
" $25; 6 waiters, city and country, ' $25 . to $4 :
polishers, . washers, Btarchera and lroners, $30
to $40. ¦ . .
C. R. HANSEX & CO. ........... 104 Geary st.
PORTER in a^country hotel. who can do gar-
• " denlng. $25; ' steady the year around. C. R.'
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARE and ship to
.......THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS.......
10 laborers, no experience necessary..;......'
] ...:.:.... ........$26 and' found
6 handy men for ranch, no experience.... ..$20
Buttermaker, and ' milker, see boss here......
Camp blacksmith. . near city... ".$65
.Stenographer and assistant ; bookkeeper..;. $50
:15 blacksmiths, camps, ranches.' city and
country shops. SGO. 53 and $2 E0 day, HO and
found: harness-maker, carriage painter, ; $15
: . a.nd found ; $32 farm and orchard hands ' and
ranch teamsters. ..:...'.:. ....."......;.$26 and $30
17 milkers.' different places...... V... $30 and }35
"THE "ABOVE ARE ONLY A FEW POSI-
. TIONS..:... ...HUNDREDS OF PLACES TO
! SELECT, FROM ON OUR PAILY BULLE-
TIN BOARDS.... COME DOWN AND READ
¦ THOI. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.; phone
.-. Red 31..;. -.-•: .-,¦ ¦.¦.-.- •¦••_¦•;"¦:."¦•"¦¦¦; -'•¦¦ ¦-¦
2 milkers. 15 to IS cows..... $25 per month
•'" X milker. 22 cows.. $30 per month
1 Italian-Swiss milker.. .....;... '.$35 per month
-' 3 farnrhands.v. ..;.... .."..'.' $26 per month
. 4 laborers, city-....:..".:::......' $1 75 per day
.>1' cook," ranch, for 4 men :.$20 per month
6 men. for Ill l USlUlJUH|i|l
5 men for lumber woods." ..
•i 'vegetable: man, hotel, , city, $20 -per month,'
' board and room: : : , . , <
Men to make ties. .' pickets- and ' posts, • cut
j; wood, i etc.. -59 : Third st. « . ¦ • ¦¦ ¦ ,\ ¦
A— HOTEL. GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. ¦ 12. '
*; Head :., waiter. r country .hotel,;. $40;"' 2 colored
" waiters, ; $27 50, /call at 8 a: m. ; porter,". $20. •;¦.-.¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' .; International Union-
Free employment; only recognized • union.' 113
Turk; ; tel. Folsom . 15S3. ,* I. LESS, . Secretary. •
: _; HELP WASTED— MALE— Con . _
A— NOTICE .............................••.•••••••••
! Eastern arrivals and Callfornians— W . D.
• EWER & CO. pay fares both ways and refund
I fees to any one not offered work where sent.
t Beware of agents who do not give this guar-
antee. Come end see us before going to some
" unreliable ¦< office. -We want to-day the ioi-
5 lowing help: ' ¦¦.-¦¦'
.'*¦ carpenters, long Job, $3 a day, fare ad-
vanced; bread baker for Oakland, |15 a week
: ' and board. ->~- ' • . . _ - . -
Cheesemaker :.. ....' g»
Buttermaker and milk "••H2
¦5 milkers, near city ???
,6 plow hands, steady Job.. -*2«
• Day and night cooks, chophouse, near city,
$S5 each; day and night waiters, chophouse.
near city. $35 each, and 100 more positions
• too numerous to advertise.- W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay St. -
BLACKSMITH for ranch, $40 and found: car-
penter for ranch, $40 • and found: Jobbing
. blacksmith,' $2 day and found: 2 cabinet-mak-
ers. $2 75 to $3 day; 2 slack work coopers. $oo
and found : wagon and carriage smith. $3 to
,»4 day. and many others. • J. F. CROSETT &
;CO.. 628 Sacramento st. • .
YOUNG • bartender for commercial hoter; must
have first-class exp-erlcnce; see party < here,
¦ 9:30. „ MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
CHOREMAN and wife for -ranch: $40 and
found; see party here, 9 a. m. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary. St..
WANTED— A porter" and bedmaker for hotel In
Nevada, with references; wages $25 and found
. the first and $30 the next following month.
Address box 2868. Call office. , -,'.,¦
BARBERS, call at Stoltz's Barber Supply
' House, 723 Market st., and see the latest and
\most practical revolving chair; called "The
Auto-back." ¦ *' - "
BARBERS— "Wanted furnished barber shop. 1 or
2 chairs; furnished living rooms attached;
to rent; city or suburbs. Box 2862. Call office.
STRONG young man wanted for general help
around machine shop and store: wages $1 per
day. RIX COMPRESSED AIR and DRILL
CO., 336-398 Mission st. . .
WANTED— Dress goods salesman and a gent's
furnishing goods salesman: state experience,
age and salary expected. Box 2873, Call office.
WANTED— First-class window dresser for dry
goods store; state experience, ' age and salary
expected. Box 2892. Call office.
STEADY man; light indoor work; will pay $75
per month to start: steady place: must have
$225. ¦ READ & CO., 1007% Market et.
FIFTY men for Blanche Walsh production
"More Than; Queen." Apply stage door. Co-
.lumbia Theater, 10 a. m., Monday. . ' .-'-,¦
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary- $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional," 302 Caxton bldg.. Chicago. ¦ .
EXPERIENCED shoe clerk for country store;
$15 a week: chance to advance. Apply RED-
LICK BROS., 119 Bush St., 1 to 2 p. m.
WANTED— Good young- steady union barber.
1759 Union st. . v - .
BARBER wanted at 105 Second st. -;
BARBER wanted for Saturday; $3. , 1405 Polk
street. - - - .
BARBER wanted for Saturday; $3 50; steady
Job for the right man. ' 66 Second gt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1406^ Du-
pont st. - .,
BARBER for Saturday night and Sunday. 1357
¦ Dupont St.. near Green.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday."
1648 Mission st. ' .
BARBER wanted; Saturday noon to Sunday
noon; $3 50. - Eighth and Harrison sts.
BARBER wanted" at 1109 Thirteenth ave.,
East Oakland. '.-'.. \ ¦ "
GOOD barber from " Saturday noon until Sun-
day. 623 Clay et. . . -. .
GOOD barber wanted; steady If suitable. 1792
Haight st. ¦ ' .
ONE barber for Saturday; wages $3. 797 Mis-
sion St. . . >
WANTED— Bushelmen at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Errand boy. 16 to 18 years old. S.
N. WOOD. Powell and Eddy sts.
WANTED— Clothing salesman. Apply S. X.
WOOD, 71S Market st. -. :.-
WANTED— Cashboys, 14 years old. . S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors. FRAXCIS, 796
Sutter st. . . ¦ . -
WANTED— Janitor; state age. experience and
salary expected. . Address box 2S64, Call.
6 MEN to sell table' delicacies; large promise;
¦call all day. 164 Teliama st. ¦ '
BOY wanted. Union Square Market, stalls 1
I and 3.- ¦ ¦¦.¦••¦/_ • .
CANVASSER,- industrial ¦ lnsur. ; , good money;
call 8-12 a. m. J. Preinders, r. 19, Donohoe bg.
"WANTED— Walter. 223 Braanan 6t.,,
TAILOR. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
UNDERPRESSERS on coats and pants. 541
. Market st. . . '. ._,. *-....
FIRST-CLASS washer: h wages $3 per day- of
10 hours, i Box 2S34. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted. 2723 Sutter st.
A YOUNG man as nlsht clerk; alss 2 bell-
; boys. Leeoalmer Hotel," 222 Mason st. '.. ¦
GENERAL compositor for printing office; two-
thlrder. PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay st.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Glass Works, Fifteenth
and Folsom sts. . -
PARTNER In a plain cash business; clears $100
per month; $150 required. 906 Market, room 8.
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing.
Call at 939>A Mission st. .
ALL sizes men's" shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.- E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A waiter at 221- Grant ave.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED — Good cook for small boardlng-
. house.. 222 Main st. •
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher,' $25 and room. 616
qay st. ¦¦• , . ¦-¦-.•.-
BOY: wanted to assist blind man; wages $20
¦ per month. ! Box 2S26, Call office.
CASH boys over 14 yean> of age. Apply HALE
.BROS.'. 979-987 Market St.. before 10 a. m.
STRONG young man' to help 'along in cake
bakery: must have experience. 91H4 Larkln.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd -hand
¦ army shoes, ,$1 up; gollng 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how • we teach
the trade in. two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop .In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
¦ are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience. .
- MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations. -. .
WANTED— Men for salt works; $150 to $2 60
daily; free fare. Address .CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Angeles. Cal. "¦ : ¦¦'.:¦¦ .
A FEW energetic,*- intelligent gentlemen to
present an attractive financial preposition:
' successful candidates earn from $100 to $300
per month. Address box 2769. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers . and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St. ; • 150 large
rooms; 2Bc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MARKERS and distributers for laundry; wages
$2 60 to $5 per; day of ten hours; references
required. Box 2748, Call' office. '
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A • Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
MAN of good address lor a responsible posi-
tion: must be good talker. Call at 240 Mont-
¦ gomery St., room 14. .
$150— THE best ¦ 3-chalr 6hop on Fourth st. ;
.with trial given. 322 Fourth st
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
| | to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and ¦ 2d sts.
A • PRESSER - wanted. 1421 Point Lobos ave.,
¦ Golden Gate Dye Works.
COATMAKER wanted. 5 Telegraph ave.", Oak-
- land. ¦-•- " "•¦"•* ¦-.-¦¦ :, -
2-CHAIR 15c barber shop on corner; 3 living
rooms; cheap. . Box 2859, ¦ Call of flee.
WANTED— Practical gardener for nursery. 213
• -Hayes st. "¦ < ." '
"WANTED — Carriage painter. Corner - Twenty-
third ! and Bartlett streets. . '
WANTED— A few solicitors • can make easy
* money.-, Call 3 Taylor st. * . ¦, < . • ¦_¦. .
BOOTBLACK wanted. ' 152 Third street.
McDONALD & PERRY. have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes .for sale, 50c up. .241 Third st
MAN with $300 to join advertiser, to work pla-
•cer. claim, at Cape Nome. •¦ Box "2433. Call.
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by S. N.
.WOOD & CO.; apply at factory. 27 Geary'st.
JAPANNER wanted; one. that can do lettering.
• etc. : also boys wanted. American Can • Com-
pany. : 61S Battery st. , '<*-.r.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.; near Mar-
: ket— 700; rooms,-23c night: reading-rooms; free
, 'bus and baggage to and ; from ¦ ferry. . :
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, : 10c, ! 15c and
. , 20c. >.: Boston House.', 930 Howard St. * -- \ \ -• ..:
PEXSIOXS-J. H. Shepard & Co.; old reliable
{:¦ firm. 806 - Market, room : 40. ; Phelan building.
SAILORS.' blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
..all parts of world.' HERMAN'S, "S« Steuart St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. *"«'!"'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction rales every -Weanesaay.
¦ SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College wilt commence Its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying ">
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st. '
ALL kinds of wagons; bugeies. carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAX & SOX. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
• light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$22 50— 10 r SUNNY rooms: small stable: large
yard. 26 West - Mission . St.. near Twelfth;
see owner Saturday p. m- and -Sunday.
Handsomely frnshd 10-room house: newly oon-
. strctd: Laguna, ju\ Pacific: for 4 mo."., beg.
May 1: rent $75. F. P. Madison.104 Crocker bg.
" MCALLISTER, SIR— Fine sunny house; 8 rooms
, and basement: large yard; rent $35.
BUSH. 1220— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
v»rd: *37 .-0: water free. - J
HOUSES TO LET. — FCRXISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath: Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
. room 2. - , '-
STEINER, 2206— Well furnished 7 rooms, bath:
.whole nr part: references. Call 1 to ? T». :"¦
INST » NTAXEOPS WATER HEVTER.
THE Ribbon Water Heater will flow boiling
water in 30 seconds; will give a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost of 2% cents: call
and -see in operation; send for illustrated
pamphlet. Ribbon Water Heating Company.
Hearst (Examiner) building, room 607.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Vicinity Grant aye. and Sutter St., great
Dane pup. black with four white legs, white
breast. ,. Return 227 Grant ave.; receive re-
ward. * . '
LOST— Rubber carriag* tir*. Return to TOM-
KINSON'S Stablea. 57 Minna St.: reward.
LOST— Thursday, a bunch of keys. Reward
. for return to 326 Sutter st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel bitch. "Babe":
liberal reward. 928 Halsht st.
LOST— A passbook with the • Hibernla Savings
and Loan Societv of San Francisco, in the
. name of WALTER I. MAGEE, No. 219-101.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Pair of mother of pearl rosary beads
between Eddy and Leavenworth. City. Hall
ave.. Grove and Market. 1654 Market; reward.
LOST — Greyhound; color, brindle and white;
reward. 539 San Bruno ave., cor. Eighteenth.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. ?4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
: MATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealtbv ladles
. i. .pd Ifto for Vot. M"S. HERT7!. 7flfi r.lll» st.
MATTRESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tal. South 792:
"to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh nt.'
. ¦ : . s ¦ MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult rases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1013 Mrkt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists ; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn' same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
Sixth, expert specialists;- well known and re-
liable; 25 yrs. experience; a treatment guaran-
teed to give Instant relief from all female
troubles; avoid incompetent specialists; con-
sult free-.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
¦successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123 Market 'St. bet. Mason
¦ and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market st.,
- bet. Taylor and Maso»' > : ladles' specialist.
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
Pills: price SI. DR. V. POPPER. 323 Kearny.
MISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, "d-hand machinery, llc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready mad'?:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013, 1C21. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, pells or rentJ gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear St..
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap; ac-
count of death. MRS. M. H. L., Box 366,
" TVatsonville. Cal. • , ' '
A— 20-TOX Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
ASK for the lovely turquoise ring; price $8,
S worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
LOT of second-hand oil tanks; good order;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A • LOT . of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
cheap E5S Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, EG Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-har?d. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
.boilers bought and sold.. KROGH MFG. CO.
¦PHOTOGRAPHIC and ' magic lantern goods
, bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and secord hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ S/FE. 103-111 Market gt.. San Fran.
. MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS. -.. .
TILTON'S mlsflf parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles'. gents' clothing. 15*. 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopuTcan
afford to pay furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not 'borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
. and you will be better satisfied: no delay- no
: publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market Bt.
IF YOUR PROPERTY........ '
• •• • IS MORTGAGED
and vou need more money, nee H. MURPHY
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate'
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
i' t ages, etc. . -
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent' first
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORA> > & QLS en!
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2^ and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing busine'ss else-
where. . R. McCOLGAN. 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
I liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates- Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
£t.rtel. Main, 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
liOO.CCO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: aecond
. mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SOX. 412 Pine.
LOWEST 'rates on furniture.- etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlaL ¦ Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
-MOST reliable place to 'borrow on diamonds,
watches,. Jewelry. ; W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
. highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: , no removal: money
-quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without slcurlty.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or Id.mtgrs: city, country. 6%. undl-
. vided ints.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big."
CASH loaned on salaries; Xew. York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321. Parrott building. .
$1CO.COO TO loan on- real' estate or for building-
i •; low ¦ rate. • J23 : Sansome St.. -room 2.
BIOXEY TO LOAX — Continued.
CASH loaned to salaried peopie on note without
lndorser. -MORRELL. 60» Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANT person having- use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low prloevi
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purc.iase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and {H per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
. J3. S4 and fo per month. SHERMAN. CLAV
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter sts., fan Francisco: corner Broadway
and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright $fi3!l Schiller $2ir,
1 Emerson upright.. 55! 1 Gabler 133
1 Vose 85|lWaverIy i^»
2 SteInways v ....lS5 up 1 Fisher 'ipripht.... m
2 Heines :...313 up'l Mzson-TTamiin ... J»»
1 Hallet-Davis 4SSI1 Hardman nr,
2 Behr Bros 557 1 Miller ir»
and fifty others: rented and rent allow?ri :
rents $3 up: we handle all makes; as-nts
for some of the oMest and most famous
pianos in existence: agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St. ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicasro Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, ;s.
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs anrl
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lovreat: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
customer.
A CARLOAD each of Baumelster and Smith &
Barnes pianos Just put into our wareroom.*.
They are real beauties and worth looking ar.
Cash or payments, and very little of either
will buy one. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 753
Market st. *
5 PIANO snaps— J60. $75, $80. $125. $130: easy
pavment!>: also Apollr slight— used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CIJRTAZ & SOX. 15 O'Farrell
st.. Chlckerlng agency. .
ALL kinds of mU3ical instruments, from a
piano to a harmonica, at Smiths" Ca3h Store,
23 Market s^.
AT WILSON'S Storase. 1706 Market St.. yon
¦ can get storage pianos almost for a song— $*
per month — dirt cheap.
1135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
Z17 Geary St.. room S3.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURT AZPIANOCO^_560_2|[a£e3_st.
LEAVING city., must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. 324 Golden Gate
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 uo: rents and
easy payments? KLARE, 22CC Fillmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway.
Knabe and others. BRUENX. 208 Po3t st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be :o!d. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Ally Co.. 311 Post.
BAROATN— Must be sold; nice upright ptann.
, SCHMITZ. IS McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand nnrleht cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORJJUNG. SIS McAllister.
BTRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman wanes, 303 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. SI
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
f— — i— —^^—^— —^^—^^—
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
USE of 2 rooms, S7 50 a month. Apply rooms
27-2S, Blythe building. 14 Grant ave.
ONE-HALF large office: desirable location.
Columbian building, room SO. 9lS Market nU
PART of nicelv furnished office; telephone,
etc. Apply 207 Sansome st. ¦
OIL.
UNUSUAL opportunity for Investment— An oil
company, owning a valuable lease on proven,
oil land, has expended most of Its available
capital In its first well, now In oil. and needs
some ready cash to comply with lease and
sink well number 2. buy pumping outfit, etc.
Will sell 130.0CO shares at once In blocks of
10.COO shares at low price of 3c per share, or
S310 per block. The only reason for making
this exceptional offer Is to secure ready cash
• without delay. Personnel of the company tho
best. Company owns $SC0O worth of machin-
ery. For particulars address box 2S72. Call.
SlONTERET CO. SNAP— Near.San Ardo strik»:
160 acres patented land at $35 per acre; worth
$100 per acre on account of recent strike. H.
A. MARVIN, 232 Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal.
THREE cents per share: safest nil investment:
is expected to go to $2 per share in a few-
months; send for prospectus. P. S. M. &
-I.- Co., 326 PPSt*st.*-~ — ¦"" -— •«•» — -r 1 "
~ JOSEPH B. TOPHTZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 318 Mission st.
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. XV. O. HAMILTON. 8 Flood Mdg.
~ OIL JJAXDS. .
73.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St.. r. S.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. Jt
up. Jensen & Bath. 303 Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from S3 up; city or country.
¦ Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
PAI/MISTJVY^
II. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 581.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless auccessfut.
• GEO. t>. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Kxamlner Me.
PlIYSICI AXS AXD^ SURGEOXS.
DR. cTc. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
~~ PERSONALS. ¦ ~~
A— LF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 48S Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; thla remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to ail
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
HARRY— OK, but put care of same party on
next letter. JOSIE.
I. HANNAH LANGLEY of 1163 Tennessee st..
will not be responsible for any debts incurred
by my son. JOSEPH LANGLEY. as he Is a
minor.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $3; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk st., San Francisco.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie at.
I HEREBY give notice that MANHAN &
PEDRO, formerly conducting a grocery busi-
ness at 930 14th St., East Oakland, have dis-
solved partnership on April 1, 1301. The bus-
iness will now be conducted by A. F. MAN-
1 1IAK and all bills paid by him. JOS. F. PEDRO.
THE MIcrobane Medical CO.. removed to 411
Geary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, fallins hair and dan-
druff; MIcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair: call and see.
us. MIcrobane Medical Co., 411 Geary st.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress 3ults, $20 up; el<»-
Kant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per 9ight; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
REWARD— $1COO paid by the^ NEW YORK
DERMATOLOGISTS to any one whose wrin-
kles or freckles return afte- their treatment.
Sample free at office, 105 Ellis St., S. K. ;
FIXE suits, $10; dress pants, $3 73. MISfIt
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng. hair work. man.
icuring; private lessons or class. -MISS A V
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van KessJ
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. • $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
JAMES* Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery st
room 21: phone Bush 239: charges reaaonab 1 e!
Ladies' & gents" cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. SUverman. 984 Folaoro; tel. Folsom 1131.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious «tones.
bought. J. R. JEXKgL. S17 Market ft!
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. HIS Sth. Alameda.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
hair to It3 natural color; fl; at all druggists.
-KINGSLAND Art Colors.", for leather, wood
"iff photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order
HORISHIMA & CO.,,243 EUlsrtel. Red 1363!
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
. country orders. GOLDSTEIX & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wit*
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st. .
DR.- LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best -
corn cure; 25c; all drusElsts.*OAKLAND. April 5.-Geraldtne A. .Gor
don has sued Alexander P. Gordon 'for a
divorce, alleging desertion.. Anna M. An
derson -seeks a divorce, from ¦ Patrick M.
Anderson, charging cruelty. Marion Hall
sues Cornelia Mall for. a- divorce, alleging
desertion.
In the Divorce ; Court.
-¦ ALAMEDA. April 5.— Company O la ar
ranging for an "at home" to be riven in
the armory Tuesday evening. April *L A
committee of flva.is in chars* ot the pr«*>
aratloas for the affair.
Company G*s "At Horn:,"
OAKLAJiD. April 5.— The Trustees of
the Merrltt Hospital have received $141.00)
In a partial distribution cf the late Mrs.
Catherine Garcelon's estate, from whlcn
the hospital trust is created. The remain
der of the estate will probably be distri
buted during the coming six weeks.
Merritt Hospital Funds
ALAMEDA, April 5.— The St. Sure Club
held the last meeting of the campaign last
night In. Linderraan - Hall; . The members
were all enthusiastic over . the success • of
Judge St."- Sure and- predicted. his election
by a comfortable majority. .The, work of
the remaining days of the campaign was
laid out. :;". - ... / -
St. Sure Club Mrets.
Pioneer Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest gave a shingle party in the Social
Hall of the Foresters' building last
"Wednesday night. It was well attended
and under the direction of tfae committee
of arrangements there was provided an
entertaining programme of music, songs
and specialties, followed by a programme
of twelve dances, with two extras. The
programme offered to the members and
their guests was printed on shingles.
Friends of the Forest.
ALAMEDA, 1 . April 5.— Property owners
in the neighborhood of Ninth street have
lodged a protest with the City Trustees
against the proposed establishment of a
windmill plant for. pumping aalt water at
the foot of their street. "The protestants
are Mrs.-B.-I* Ericson, Mrs/.W. Thonagel,
Ira P Clark. Albert Wellnitz,' J.'J. Cum
mlngs, Charles Foster. and A.. W. Gamble.
Object to Windmills.
Robert G. Landgrebe to«Olgra A. Landgrebe,
lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 100 N ol
Union street, N 37:6 by E 107:11%: gift.
John H. Boardman -to Ellen Boardman. lot
on W line of Van N'ess avenue, 57 N of Union
street. N 33, W 123:2.SE S9:2tt. E 105: gift..
Carrie C. Green (wife of Fred H.). Fannie C
Buckbee (wife of Samuel G.) and Henry J.
Crocker to Lizzie C. Van Fleet (wife of W.
C), lot on N- line of Pacific avenue. 206:3 W ot
Octavia, W 68:9 by N 127:8H. quitclaim deed;
$16,000. ' -
- Sarah E. Meldrum to Claude W. Meldrum,
undivided one-third interest . in lot on N line
of Haight street, 225 W of Webster, W 22:6,
N 137:6, E 22:6, S 22:6: $2000. '
Eugene Jr., Edward H. and Thomas • H.
Kelly. Paul Fuller. Daniel: F. Sullivan (as
executors and trustees estate of Kurene Kelly}
to Elizabeth C Merrill, lot on N line of Eddy
etreet, 153:6 W of Webster. W 53 by N 1J7:6;
$3200. . ¦ . " •
William Cllne to Henry F. W. Schafer. lot
on N.line of Sacramento street. 89:9 'W 'of
Steiner. W29 by N 103: J4000. - . '
A. . J. Rich to - E. Avery -McCarthy, lot on
N line of Broadway. 92:6 E of Pierce, E 27:6
by N 1S7:6; $5CC0. ' • ~ '
Emily M. Klnread (wife of Thomas) to Julia
Jaegllng (widow), lot on S line of Hayes street,
81 :S E-of Central avenue (Lott street),. E • 2i
by a ico:J6coo.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Franklin Rlfne,
lot en E line of Clayton street, S7S S of Fred
erick. S 25 by E 101:3: Kwto.
Mnnraret W. Murphy to Jos«phln» A. Ward
•well. lot on -W line of Shotwell street. 119 S
of Seventeenth. - S « by ¦ W 153:6; also . lot ' on
W line of Shotwell street, ITS S of Seventeenth,
S SI by \V 122:6: Rift. ,
A. J. Carmany and H. P. Lawrle to Emma
F. Lint (wife • of ¦ C ' C>.« Fredericke • Kruejtcr
(wife of OeorffeF.) and Charles A. -and Paul
K. Riese, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth "and
Howard streeta, S 66 by W- 73:6,;. quitclaim
deed; 510. ¦ ¦ • J
' Sarah Q'Brien to Ltsste and Joseph. J.-Tler
ney. lot ¦ on ' NW corner of Sanches and Henry
Btreets. NS by-W 105; $1000. -. . :
Llzxle and. Joseph J. Tlerney - to Sarah
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, April ; .'• 5.— Everett : Brown,
chairman of the Republican City Central
committee ¦ and ; an ' alumnus ", of ; the Uni
versity of California, ' has been selected
to deliver an'address at the commence
ment day exercises, over which the Presi
dent of the United' States will preside.
Mr. . Brown '• will ' represent' the Hastings
College of Law, having been the unan - 1
mous choice by the students of that col
lege. ; .- ¦¦¦' ' - : - ¦¦¦¦"¦'.¦ '. r ;*. , ¦
High Honor for Everett Brown.
The various lodges of the Sons of St.
George have completed all arrangements
for the picnic to be given in the name of
the order at Sunset Park, in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, on the 30th of May. The
general committee has secured all the cars
available for that day and the indications
are that it will be one of the most enjoy
able family outing3 ever held in this State.
The officers cf the picnic committee are:
"VV. G. Johnson, president: J. Thompson,
vice president: J. J. Roberts, secretary,
and W. R. Whyte. treasurer. A number
of active sub-committees have been ap
pointed.
Sons of St. George.
fore the merry-making began the society
and ¦ Its guests listened .to. 'a paper on
"Dumfernline,.. ¦ Scotland," - by - Charles
Kydd. ' ¦ ¦••¦"- .
Then came a banquet, at which Scotch
dishes were served, followed by music on
the pipes and songs by Robert Howden,
Alex; Balllngal, William Hunter and Hugh
Forgie. Postmaster . Friend, James P.
Taylor, D." Edward Collins and Hugh
Hamilton responded to toasts proposed
by George Leckie. .
HIGH JINKS GIVEN BY
/ ST. ANDREW'S" SOCIET Y
Songs and Eeminiscences of Old Scot
land Sung and Told Over,the
. Festal Board. J'r'lrt^
OAKLAND, April 5.— Tho St. Andrew's
Society held a high jinks last night. Be-
During the two past held meetings ot
Bay City Lodge the officers conferred the
ranks of page . and esquire upon five
strangers, increasing the membership to
148. The rank of knight in the Ions form
will be conferred on the new esquires on
"Wednesday next.
Supreme Chancellor Ogden H. Fethers
of Janesvllle, Wis.; and Major General
Carnahan will attend the session of • tha
Grand Lodge In California this year.
On the 4th of April Liberty Lodse will
celebrate Its twenty-fifth anniversary by
an- entertainment and dance. A number
of the grand officers will be present.
Last night the lodse in Lodl had a large
class of esquires to receive the knlgb:
rank, which was conferred by a team
from Stockton.
Grand Chancellor Jeter visited lodges In
San Diego, Redlands, Los Angeles, San
Bernardino and Riverside last week. To
morrow ho will visit Pasadena, on Tues
day he will be in Ventura, on Wednesday
in Santa Barbara, on Thursday in Santa
Monica and on Friday In San Luis Obispo
Knights of Pythias.
New councils will soon be organized in
Oakland, Berkeley, San Jose and farther
south.
Miss M. Sproul, Miss Etta Crawford.
Miss Laura Car.tus, G. Ramsden and
George Little have been appointed tho
committee to have charge of the musical
and literary entertainment and the Ufe
slze waxwork show that has been ar
ranged by California Council of tha
Daughters of Liberty for the 13th of
April in Shiels building. This council was
recently visited by the members of tha
State Council- of the J. O. U. A. M.. and
there were a number of Interesting:
speeches. Miss Emily Lewis, councilor of
the council, spoke in eloquent terms uporx
the J. O. U. A. M. and the D. of L.
Daughters of Liberty.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R M Fay, Chicago
J D Sproul, Chlco j
Mrs Sproul, Chico
H W Keller, Los Ang
HO Crane, Chicago
WH Buckminlster.Mas
Mrs Buckmlnlster.Mass
F W Frames, Cal
F A Green, Cal
C H Meeker, Cal
Miss E Howard, N Y .
W Freeland, NY
Mrs Freeland, N Y '
Mrs C M Start. St Paul
Miss Start, St Paul
Mrs Chadbourn, Minn
F J Batchelder. NY
M H Brunner. N Y -
S J Harriot, Wash
J B Harriot, Wash
G F Meacham, Seattle
Miss K Bowers, N Y
Mrs E Glbb, N Y
Miss Gibb, NY -
JH Sheehan, NY
Mrs Sheehan, N Y
Miss A Sheehan. N Y
P H Cooper, U S N
J F Ross, Chicago
Miss J Rx>ss. Chicago .
G Harris,- Reddinjj ¦
J D Grissun, S " Joee
Mrs P E Mason, L Ang
W S Stitt, Cal
J B Scovel, NY "
W H H Stowe, Pa -
F W Ledbetter, Or
A M de Barrell, Paris
F L Sylvia, Boston
J T Rountree, Denver
W F Wermers, Chgo .
E ¦ C Bates, Clilcaffo :
JI L EaBnger, Sit Lake
E Efflnger, Salt Lake
L C Jeffs, Salt Lake
H B Viney. England
W Cohen, N Y
L Hunt, fam," Korea
H Sulser, Germany
Mrs M.W Kennedy.Cal
J H Costello, Buffalo
C P Morgan, S Jose
Mrs Morgan, San Jose
J B Bryan, NY
Mrs Bryan, N Y
Miss Bryan, NY
F Donnelly, Chicago
J T Nott, Chicago "
C S Hamlin, Boston
Mrs Hamlin, Boston
W T B Baum, Pa
Mrs Baum, Pa
P Sherman. Chicago
Mrs Sherman, Chicago
Miss A Rogers, Chgo
Miss M Roirers, Chgo
EB Colby, N Y
C R Drake, Arizona .
Miss L Freuder, Mass
H Yerrington, | Stanfd
F L Gray, Sacto
J H Clark,' Ohio
J W Morris, Ohio
C Morgan, San Jose
Mrs . Morgan, San Jose
H JL-eeper, Toledo . O
Mrs Leeper. -Toledo. O
A W Ablett, ¦ Salvador
J L Trudal, N Y
T Wilkinson, Represt
H J Hood, N Y
Mrs T M Palmer,- N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
O Scrlbner, Bakersfleld
J G Ashman, Fresno
K "Wilson, j Portland i
F Leonard, Portland
K W Brooks & w,' Or
F M Rutter, Minn
D Sharp, Boston
Anna F Sharp, Boston
L G Keller. Cincinnati
W J Manna, Sacto
W W Filger, Wash
J J Hebbron & d, Cal
W A McClurg, Cal
Miss McClure. Cal
W E Fritch. P Alto
Mrs TV H Fritch. PAlto
J Raer & w,- Redding
L L Timmons, Cal
J A Fairbanks L Ang,
R H Parmelee, 111 <
E E Cooner, S Barbara
E M Dawson.Wash.DC
S V Froudflt, Wash.DC
W Baker, Wash, D C
W A Cowley. Benlcia
J W Churchill, Yreka
C Emsby, Stoctkon
J H Johnson, Va •
H S Kneedler, Iowa •
C C Merriam, Fresno
L W Mlllsy & s, Cal
F.L'Case, U S A ;
G Nelson. Sacto
H Patterson. Oakland
W D Albright, Cal
F E Wells & w, N Y I
M I Wllcox & w, O
AVB Emmick & w, O
Dr J C O'Connor,' NY
J O'Connor. NY'
Julia O'Connor. N T
H E O'Connor. N Y
A E Robinson, NY
Mrs G ,\V Constant, NY
Georgia Constan, N Y
C A Leener & fy, Ohio
W - Feiler. Chicago
V M Gund, . Freeport
R Keating, Palo Alto
J D Estep & Tv\ Spokne
H H.Anthony, Ohio
D E Stifft. Chicago
A A "Wilson. Bully Hill
E B Tyler, Tulare
W Floyd, Sonora
T B Boyd. S Rafael . '
J 8 Carlisle, Boston
R Guthrie. Ind
C W Barrett, Fresno
E Dinkelsplel, Suisun
A P Shepard, Fresno
J H Hall,- Fresno
L E Aubury, Sacto I
I L Bradman. U SN
E Gilbert. Indianapolis
M A Cheney & w, 111
A B Cohen, Butte
H B Sawyer. Chicago
F C Butterfield. Minn
V Hook. Hookston -
S H Cole. Fresno
M D Duffy, Lodl . . .
Last Tuesday night the new advisory
board was organized. It is composed of
the grand dictator, grand vice dictator,
grand ltpresentatlves and grand trustees.
This board is to have charge of the ex
tension work and the disbursement of
moneys not specially appropriated. ,Orand
Dictator Archibald wa3 elected chairman
and Grand Reporter Johnstone secretary.
The board -will hold meetings on the sec
ond Saturday of each month.
The grand dictator has Issued a»c!rcular
calling for a convention, to consist of
three members from each lodge, to ar
range for the annual picnic to be given
May 30.
Last .Monday night there was a. large
attendance at Yerba Buena Lodge, on
which occasion p visit was paid by the
grand dictator, the grand vice dictator
and. Supreme Representatives Solomon
and Crowe. There was work In the initia
tory degree and addresses by the visitors.
. Two of the officers of the Grand Lodga
of the Knlzhts of Honor chosen at the
recent session of that body are Charles
H. Holcomb, re-elected grand vice dicta
tor, and Ben I. Salomon, elected supreme
representative, have In the past proved
most active workers for the order and
each promised to redouble his efforts to
bring the order prominently before the
public.
Knights of Honor.
The boat which will be designed by tha
board of construction will probably not bo
of the submerged type, but of a sub
aqueous type, and will make a speed of at
least' sixteen knots an hour. Information
obtained regarding the resistance to pro
pulsion of a submarine boat shows that
without the expenditure of enormous pow
ers it is difficult to get a speed of more
than three or /our knots under water. It
is the idea of the members of the board
of construction that a boat which will run
awash will be as difficult of detection as a
submarine boat, can be steered . without
trouble and can accurately discharge Its
torpedo at a target.
Secretary Long upon the return of Rear
Admiral CrowninshieZd. chief of the bu
reau of navigation, has directed the board
to submit plans and data concerning sub
marine boat construction. This action is
of the utmost importance, as it means
that the Navy Department will continue
its vigorous opposition to the effort* of
the Holland Submarine Torpedo Boat
Company to secure legislation in directing
tha construction of additional Holland
beats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1106 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. April G.— Designs tor
a submarine subaqueous boat will be pre
pared by the naval board of construction
and will be submitted with an estimate of
cost to Corgress at its next session.
Proposed Craft M&j Bi So Construct
ed as to Descend Only for
Decks to Run
A vrash. ' • •
Department Continues Its
Opposition to the Hol
land Company.
NAVY PLANNING
SUBMARIHE BOAT
violin coio :...:... ;...
• ; ¦ . •;¦; Richard Jose Ferrer. '
Contralto solo, "I Will Praise the Lord"...
.....:.... Handel
Miss McCloskey. • »
Violin obligato By Miss Kavanaugh.
"O Salutaris" ; Franklin Palmer
"Tantum Krgo" ; .....Wider
The following will be played by Franklin
Palmer: Variations on Easter hymn • "O
Filii" (West); "Tocatta" (Mailly); "Alleluia"
(Lcmmens); "Easter Flowers" (Mailly); march
from third symphony (Widor). .
TRINITY CHURCH— Morning, 11 o'clock.
Processional hymn ; • ¦
". "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day"
Easter Anthem. ..."...„. ."Christ Our Passover"
Arranged to a Gregorian chant by H. J.
¦ Stewart. :
"Te Deum" and "Jubilate" in A...
: VUIiers-Stanford
Communion Service Stainer
Offertory, "The Song of Miriam"...... Bchubert
Recessional hymn :.....: "Jesus Lives"
The usual afternoon service will on this oc
casion be omitted and, in place thereof a
special 'musical' service will be held at 7:45
o'clock,: when the California Commandery of
Knights Templar will attend. v .
Evening— Processional hymn
"Onward, Christian Soldiers"
Easter anthem, "Christ Our Passover"
'¦...-.'. Shepard
Masonic anthem, "Splendente te Deus".. Mozart
Easter hymn ....v... •
"Christ, the Lord, Is Risen To-day"
Offertory anthem, "Hosanna'.' Granler
Nationalhymn "Our Father's God, to Thee"
Recessional hymn "Jerusalem the Golden"
Organ voluntary, "Marche des Tempiiers"..
......; :........... Benedict
Soloists-4Mis3 Millie Flynn, Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham, H. M. Fortescue and F. G. .
B. Mills. Dr. H. r J. Stewart, organist
and director of the choir. . '
' The Rev. • F. W. ¦ Clam pett, - D. D. , - rector of
Trinity, will preach at both services. ".
SIMPSON MEMORIAL M. E. CHURCH—Cor
ner of Hayes and Buchartan streets. Rev. John
Stephens, pastor.. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Organ voluntary ..;;.. .;
Processional "'Neath One Banner"
Hymn........ ."Come, Ye Saints"
"Christ, the Lord, Is Risen". ....Buck
Antiphonal chorus : "Day of Victory"
Hymn.... "I Know That My Redeemer Lives"
Offertory organ solo
Quartet, "How Calm and • Beautiful the
Morn" .'...........:.... ."...Schnecker
Ladles' chorus, . "Hail to the Risen- Lord"
...:...•.....'....... Shepard
Hymn....... "Hail, Thou Once Despised Jesus"
Organ postlude
At 7:30 p. m., Easter praise service. :
Organ prelude ...: '.
....."Pilgrim's Chorus, from "Tannhaussr"
Processional '"Neath One Banner"
Hymn; VThe Heavens Declare"
Chorus, "God Hath Appointed a Day".. .Tours
Contralto solo, "The Risen Lord"... ...Sullivan
Miss M. Ferrel.
.Hymn.;....; "Come, Let Us Sing"
Offertory .Pastorale by Kullak
The third part of Handel's oratorio or "The
Messiah" will be rendered as follows: 4
"Hallelujah Chorus"..,.;;
Soprano solo.. .......*..........:.. ..7
.'. "I Know That My Redeemer Llveth"
Mrs. H. V. Dinkey. . '
Chorus.. •....'. "Since by Man Came Death"
Basso solo, recitative and aria ••
............. ."The Trumpet Shall Sound"
.' '-, . . Cecil Smith,
Contralto and tenor duet ...:... — .* '
. .-.."O Death, Where Is Thy Sting?"
Miss Nettie- Blake, Charles Taylor. ¦
Chorus..:........ "But Thanke Be to God"
"Worthy Is the Lamb" :.:
(Members of the choir: Sopranos— Mrs. Ger
trude St. Denis, Mrs. H. V. Dickey, Mrs. Ada
Woodman, Miss Viola Fournler, ¦ Mrs. J. M.
Manning-, Mrs. J. Stephens, Mrs. J. L. Taylor,
Miss Cora. Delano, : Miss A. Smith. Miss L.
Wear. Miss Carrie Eulass. Altca— Mrs. G.
Norton, Mrs. J.-H. Humphreys, Miss M. Fer
rel -Miss M. Sullivan; Miss Ida' Lang, Miss
Nettie Bloke. Miss L. Gilliland. Miss G.
Menke. Miss ¦ Stella Spragrue. Tenors— Dr. R.
DodswortK, George Norton, Charles Taylor,
S. C. Wheeler. Dr." . Barrett. W. B. Price.
Uassos— E. T. Barrett, Cecil Smith, George N.
Nash, - W. L. Glenn, Dr. A. S. Sullivan.
WKSTMINSTER PRESBYTERIAN"
CHURCH— Corner Webster and Page streets.
Rev. E. , N. Avery, D. : D., pastor: "¦
Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Anthem, "Christ the Lord Is Risen, To-'
day" .....;....... • .Coombs
Anthem, ."He Is Risen"..: ......Schnecker
Evening service. .7:30 o'clock. . •.
Easter Choral • Service ¦
; Choir— Mrs. Frank J. Thayer, soprano; Miss
p. Maude Purely, alto; W, F. Davis, , tenor;
H. G. Eichenberg, bass; Frank J. Thayer, or
ganist. "..'•"_' ¦ ''^s&jsssssfnnsl
ST. STEPHEN'S EPISCOPAL, CHURCH—
Rev. Edgar , J. Lion, • dean and rector. Morn
ing service at. 11 a. m.
Organ voluntary . . . . .'.'. .Whitney
Processional hymn, - No.' 121. . .;.....'.. .Palestina
Anthem, "Behold, Te Despisers":.H.,W. Parker
Christ -Our Passover (in. F).; . Schilling
Gloria Patri..... ....Schilling
Te Deum (in/E flat)......... Arthur Foote
Jubilate ' Deo • (In B flat). .Brawer
Introit hymn. No.; 103 ..Calkin
Kyrie Eleison; ..;... Woodward
Gloria : Tibl >\ .......... .'.'. Woodward
Hymn No. 112:........; ......Worgan
Offertory, "Easter Dawn" R. H. Woodman
Offertory sentence . -Whitney
Communion hymn ' .:.....;: -Vincent
Gloria in Excelsi3 .. .....Schilling
Sanctus .................. .....Gounod
Nunc Dlmittls — Stainer
Recessional hymn.,: ;'. Powell
Postlude .A...;.....'--.... ••"••.•.••••....Whitney
Evening ¦ service. 7:43 o'clock.
Organ voluntary Guilmont
Processional hymn ; .Sullivan
Verslcles .............Tallis
Gloria Patri ;.". ..........Schilling
Magnificat King Hall
Nunc Dimittis , Kil l? Hall
'Anthem ........"...- •• : ....Granier
Hymn No. .118 ....:..*. ....Elvey
Offertory solo, "Resurrection".......... ..Holden
Recessional hjinn. No." 368 .......Powell
Postluds," "Easter March".. :...~.*...'..*.Lemmens
Choir:' Sopranos— Miss Marie Partridge, Miss
Nina" Parker, Miss Ellen Margery. Marks. Miss
Florence Beauford, • illss - Grace Seeley. , Miss
Edith Douglass Evens, Mrs. W. A. Sutherland,
Mrs. Knohl: ContraUns— Miss Logan Tooley,
Miss ; Ethelwyn " Marrack, .' Miss . ¦ Ruth : Estelle
"VVeston, Miss Belle Evens, Miss Elva Mlnikar.
Tenors— W: A:" Sutherland.' R. M. Mitchell, R.
A.* Lennon. J..H. d" Almeida. Bassos— George
R. Bird, Percy Woodhouse, Frank MInaXer.
Duncan Ferguson.* . George *-Fos«ey. OrganlBt
and choirmaster. Roscoe -Warren Lucy. . -
EMMANUEL. BAPTIST CHURCH— Beginning
at 11 o'clock: - .
Organ voluntary. "Fill the Font , With
-¦> Roses" ..........; .warren
Kj-mn, "Joy to the.A\orld"......; , .-
Invocation .....;... v.~; .;...;
liarytone : »olo,' "BrinB OfT^rinirs'.* Kratx
Rev. J. Georse Gibson.
Responsive reading, 1 pnalm xvl. :.....*.....-;
Soprano eolo. :"The King of OloryV..,.. Coombs
. .*. Miss Florence H. . Perkins. • t
Prayer and Lord's '* Prayer.- , chanted by ' tne
conKreiratlon. *
OrRan. ,.'"The AnpelesV..;-.; :. Gounod
Conftrcfjatlonal hymn, "There's Suns«hln#"......
Earytone »olo,'"The Lord Shall eRelyn".... -
.- ; ;-. ...Steve-nsoa
- W. Clifford . Smith,
Fcrlpture readlnff^-I .Corinthians, xv:51-5&" : '
Notices
With violin . (Mr. Ferrer) and harp (Mrs. Cas
eerly). obllgato.." :•.
Soloists— Miss Lilly Roeder, soprano ; Miss
Ella V. McCloskey, contralto; C. W, Rose
crans,'tenor;-Walton'Webb, basso; Mrs. John
Casserly, harp.' '
7:30 P.. M.
Easter hymn, "O Fill! et Filiae" (Gregorian). '
Soprano ;, solo, "Hosanra" Granler
. Miss Jloeder. . . • •
Elaborate preparation has been made in
every house of •worshiD in the city for
fittingly observing Easter Sunday." Al
most at the dawn of day hymns of praiso
and rejoicing: will commence 1 to ascend
from rnajiy of the churches, . which j havu
been arrayed in' resplendent attire for tho
festival. Nearly every church has endeav
ored to arrange special. services. :Some of
the ' programmes | which . have been ¦ pre
pared are:
SACRED HEART CHURCH— Solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock. , The pas
tor, Rev. Hugh Lagan, will deliver the sermon.
The choir consisting of Mrs. McGlade, Misses
Fannie E. Ryan, Mary Schmidt, Hattie Wil
son, May O'Brien and Kittie G. 'Allen and
Messrs." H. \V. Greene, • Alfred Nowian, Harry
Dowdall, Eugene Bournlzeau, Carlton Seely,
Joseph: Htckey,' William Coghlan and Thomas
Brady will sing "The Kyrie" and "Agnus Del"
from Haydn's second mass in C. The "Gloria"
and "Credo" fiom Giorga's first mass and the
"Sanctus" and "Benedictus". from Gounod's
"Messe - Solenelle.". -..- Battmann's . '.'Regina
Coell" will be sung at the offertory, and Ros
sini's "O Salutaris" and Haydn's "Tantum
Ergo", will be sung during benediction, which
will be riven after mass. .";
' ST.' DOMINIC'S MONASTERY— Solemn high
mass at 11 a. m.' : "
Mass op. 4.... ¦.....;..*... Saint-Saens
• ' • • (First . time in • Kan Francisco.)
Credo, ("Messe' Solenelle").........; Gounod
Violin solo," air for G string Bach
• ' . Richard' Jose Ferrer. »
" Ave Maria' ' .". ....:... Bach-Gounod
Special Programme for the Occasion
Arranged in Almost Every
. i : f : House of Worship in .
Elaborate Preparation Made
for Celebrating Christ's
Resurrection.
CHURCHES DECKED
FOR EASTER DAY
Organ recessional, "Easter March"... Meredith
Tenors, J. Braitoji, Edward Lotz; bassos,
Robert Jones, W. Edminster: violin, Paul A.
Normand; cornet, W. J>\ -"Altvater; reader,
Charles : Garth ; organist. Miss Lotta Underhill.
ST. AGNES CHURCH— High " mass at 11
o'clock (Cimarosa's military mass); offertory,
Giorza's "Reglna." Choir — Soprano, Miss
Agnes Devlin; alto. Miss . Claire McDermott;
tenor, Albert Tlssot; basso. J. J. Germen; or
ganist. Miss M. M. Bumsteadt.
' HOLT ' CROSS CHURCH— Good Friday ser
vices ¦ will begin at 9 a. m. Way of the cross
and instruction : at 4 p. m. Evening services
! at 7:45. The passion sermon will be preached
i-by the Rev. "Father Gallagher, S. J.. Santa
' Clara College. Holy Saturday services will
begin at 8 a. m.
Easter Sunday, solemn high mass and ser
mon on the resurrection at 11 a. m. The choir
will render Giorza's third mass. Sopranos,
Misses Julia Cotte, , Gertie .Frost. May Laydon
and Rose Cassassa; - altos. Misses Peguellan
and Wilson; tenors, Messrs. Boranda and Lee;
bassos,- Messrs. , . Perron and : Bailey; organist
and director, Harry Wood Brown. In the even
ing Rev. Father Sesnon of San Rafael will
sing the vespers. Steams*, musical vespers by
the choir; violin sob by Hugo "G. Poheim.
Father , Sesnon will also preach the sermon.
ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, Tenth and Howard
streets. . . ¦*
A selected choir will render the music at the
10:30 mass on Easter Sunday, at which there
will be a sermon appropriate to the . occasion,
with solemn benediction Immediately after.
The musical programme will be as follows:
Kyrie, Gloria and Credo, by Generall; Sanctus,
from Gounod's ¦ solenelle mass, • and Agnus,
from Haydn's Imperial mass, and at the offer
tory, Regina Coeli, by Gloria; O Salutaria for
tenor and bass, by Millard, and Tantum Ergo,
by Mercadante.
ST. IGNATIUS— Morning service at 10:30.
Solemn High Mass.... : Riga
Motet, Regina Coell.. Cagllero
¦ Rev J P. Frieden, celebrant: Rev. R. H.
Bell, deacon;' O. Villa, subdeacon. .
Evening service at 7:30. ¦ •¦
.Vespers— Gregorian; Cagliero's Regina Coell.
and DeVecchi's Tantum -Ergo.
-Officers for vespers^ — Rev. J. P. Frieden. cele
brant- Messrs. Villa and Ruppert, assistants.
Of fleers for benediction— Rev. J. P. Frieden,
celebrant; Rev. J.Sardi. deacon; P. Ryan, sub
deacon. ¦
Dr - Morris O'Connell will be organist; Fr. A.
M. Cotelli will lead the choir. ; An organ fan
tasia will be tendered by the organist.
* ITALIAN CHURCH OF SAINTS PETER
AND PAUL, corner Dupont and Filbert streets.
Solemn high mass will- be celebrated at -10:30
a.-.m. :. Kyrie. Gloria, ¦ Sanctus. Bened ictus and
\gnus Dei, from P. Gloria's First -Mass, and
Credo, from A. Durand'g Solemn Mass. The
mass wilt be rendered by the following vocal
ists: Sopranos— Miss Lydia Spadlna, Miss Ida
Spencer. Miss Josie Lenormand. . Altoa— Mi«a
Angie-Spadina. Mrs. J. Brun, Miss Viola Oral.
Tencrs— Plo Facet, • Dr.' 1 F. ¦ Bonino- - Bassos—
Qulnto Zanl. A." DanlelH, J. WalJa. Lia Pollet-*
tinl th? noted contralto, will sing at the offer*
U)rv< The ReKlna Coeli will be : sung by Mlsa
LydiH STiwUna * n< * cholr» - :
¦ The mutlc lr under the direction ot A.'Spa
dlna. organist oi'the church.
Organ offertory, "Pastorale" (from "Wil
liam Tell") „
Earytone solo, "Tell the Blessed Story"....
• '— Meredith
Rev. J. George Gibson.
Talk by the pastor.. :
Congregational hymn, "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee" '.....\....
Benediction ¦
Organ, Recessional in B flat Gabriel
Reader, ¦ Rev. W. Haryett; organist. Miss
Letta Underhill; first violin. Miss G. Hem
nunga; second violin. B. Hemmlnga.
At 7:45 d. m.—
Organ voluntary, "Gloria"
From Steam's Mass in D
Congregational hymn, "Onward, Christian
. Soldiers"
. '
Male quartet. "Thy Light Is Come".... Palmer
Scripture reading, John 20:1-18
Barytone solo, "Hosanna" (with violin
obligato) - Finch
Rev. J. George Gibson. .~
Congregational hymn. "All Hall- the Power"..
Male auartet, ¦ "Christ Arose" jLowry
Prayer and Lord's prayer, chanted- by the
congregation :
Violin solo, "Serenade" (with organ ac
companiment) :..... ..Gounod
Male quartet, "Redeemed" Sankey
Scripture reading, Luke 2-1:49-53
Bass solo, ."The Palms" : Faure
, Robert Jones.
Notices .... .'
Male quartet,' "Take the Step, My Brother"
........... Burke
Organ offertory, "King of Kings" ...Porter
Barytone solo, "0 the Tidings" (with vio
lin obligato) .:.."...¦. ". .....Lowry
Rev. J. George Gibson.
Talk by W. Howard Doane, Mus. Doc
Bass solo, "Have Mercy Upon Me" Steam
W. . Edmlnster.
Congregational hymn, "Nearer, My God,
• to Thee"
Catholics and Episcopalians Attend
Special and Elaborate Services :
on the Anniversary of the
, V • Crucifixion.
'Good Friday, the -anniversary of the
/crucifixion of Jesus, was observed yester
day with the most impressive and solemn
I services in all the Catholic and Episcopal
churches. The occasion is - one of -the
greatest sancity to Catholics and the most
magnificent ceremonies obtain through
out the day.
g No Ceremony of transiibstanilation is
performed on Good Friday, but the sanc-
{ tiflcation of two hosts occurs on Thursday
and the mass of the presanctified i3 cele
brated the anniversary of | the cruci
fixion. Black vestments are worn by the
priests and the whole service differs from
that of any other day in the year.
.At the opening service the priest pros
trates himself before the altar, after
which comes the reading of the Scriptures*.
Prayers are offered for the dignitaries of
the church and for the peoples of the
I earth. The singing of the "Passion," ac
, cording to St. John, is one of the most
jsacred part3 of the service. The cross
is solemnly unveiled and as solemnly
adored. "The Improperaria" are then
sung to express the ingratitude with
which Jesus was received.
The procession of the holy sacrament
brings the presanctifled host : from, the
repository, where it has lain since Thurs
day, and immediately after receiving com
munion the priest leaves the altar.
In the -afternoon comes the stations of
the cross and a sermon. The usual ser
vice of the evening Is a sermon and a
repetition of the stations -of the cross,
although the latter is some times replaced
by a musical service.
His Grace, the Most Reverend Arch
bishop Patrick W. *Riordan r officiated at
St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday and the
church was thronged from an early hour.
Rev. Fathers J. B. Hannigan, C. A.
Ramm and Joseph Byrne sang "The Pas
sion." Father Hannigan gave the stations
of the cross and the sermon In the after
noon and Father Philip O'Ryan conducted
a similar service in the evening. Father
O'Neil gave the stations and sermon at
St. Dominic's last evening.
The Tenebrae, consisting of matins and
lauds, was given last night at St. Mary's
Church and. the sermon was preached by
Father, Moran. Rev. M. Barry gave the
1 stations and the sermon at St. Patrick's
Church. Father Yorke conducted the
services at St. Peter's Church.
The usual services of the Episcopal
churches consist of the three hours' de
votion: The service is divided into seven
parts to commemorate the seven words
of Christ spoken on the cross. Eacn word
is followed by an address, a hymn, medi
tation and prayer.
The services at Trinity Episcopal
Church were conducted by Rev. Fred
erick "W. Clampett. The ceremonies were
very Impressive and the musi' exception
ally fine. Solos were sung du».ng the de
votion by Mrs. Birmingham, Mi3S Millie
Flynn, Mrs. Tenny, Miss X. Roberts, T.
G. Elliott, F. G. B. Mills and H. M. For
tescue. .
At. St. Luke's Episcopal Church the or
der of service at each of the seven words
of Christ was as follows: Hymn, address
hymn, silent prayer and meditation,
prayers.
Good Friday Is Solemnly
Celebrated in Local
Churches.
CHRIST'S DEATH
COMMEMORATED
Eliza T. Wilson, (widow, owner) with W. W.
Hednall (contractor and - architect) — All work
for a two-story frame building (two flats), on
W line of Masonic avenue, 30 N of Frederick
street, N 28:9 by W 66; $4400.
P. Gibbons (owner) with Henry Munster (con
tractor) , arch ltects • Sal field & Kohlberg—Exca
vation, brick, carpenter, mill and concrete
work, ,tiling, hradware, glazing, lathing, plas
tering, tinning and roofing for one two-story
frame building: and alterations to a one-story
frame building, on SE corner of Twenty-second
and Harrison streets, S 95 by E 50; $5550. ',
Frank Winchester (owner) with F. A: Blanch
ard (contractor), architect Fred B. "Wood— All
work for a two-story basement' and attic frame
building and stable, on S line of Clay street,
137:6 W of Maple,' W 65 by S 127:814: $5150.
Same (owners) with Thomas H; Day's Sons
(contractorss), architect same — Carpenter, mill.
Iron, steel, tin and galvanized iron work, hard
ware, glass, painting and • whitewashing for
same on same: $10,575. •
California: Fruit Canners' Association (cor
poration, owners) with Adam Beck (contractor),
architect Julius E, Krafft— Masonry work, in
cluding excavations, . concrete and i artificial
stone , work, brick work, ; for a three-story ¦ and
basement warehouse, on N line of Francisco
street 183^4 E of Taylor, E 137:6 by N 62;
$12,337.
James Carroll- (owner) with 'William Linden
(contractor), architects Rousseau &' Son—Alter
ations and additions except mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for adding fourteen rooms to
a slx-ropm fiat, on NE corner of Grove and
Webster streets, -E 37:6 by N 82; $5690.
Euilders' Contracts.
Jaenette La Mott to | William Smyth, all in
terest in lot en N line of West Fourteenth
street, 52:6 E of Wood. E 25 by N 100, lot 3,
block F. "Garden Tract Homestead, Oakland ;
$1000. ¦. -.;¦:¦ ¦ •¦ . -¦" .
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to W. H.
Butson. lot on N line of Seventh street. 130 E
of Madison, E, 60 by. N 100. block 126, Kellers
berger's: mai>, j Oakland ; $2000.
Frederick iW. and Katharlna ' M. ' Lange' to
James F. Rlnehart, lot on SE corner of Eighth
and Adeline streets, S 35 by E 100, block* 537.
Boardman' s map. Oakland; $2100.
Annie de Vere ' Shields to Annie Btrohmeyer
(wife cf Frederick), lots 6 and 7, block <?.
Fitch' Tract, Alameda; $10.
Kate Croney to R. E. Rag-land, lots 3 and' 4,
map of the Bromley Tract. Brooklyn Town
shin; >25O. ¦--.¦¦¦. ¦.•_•" ¦••.•¦. :¦-. •¦-. - .- :
Syndicate Investment Company to Laura
Mills" (wife -of ¦ Herbert), lot on SE line of
Tevis street, 105 NE of Putnam, NE 50 by SE
125, lots 13 and 14, block 769, map of Syndicate
Investment Company's subdivided blocks 751
to l'-i. 769 and 770, Levy and Lane - Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $1000; '. -,% .-¦•"«¦ , . . -.
Georse • L. Dlxon, Miriam L. Sterling (wife
of J. K.), and W.iH. Lyons to Virginia A. L.
Roberts', (wife of E. A.), the undivided three
fourths of the W. half of lot* 4, block 2. State
University ¦- Homestead Association No. 5,
Berkeley; $250.
Abner " I. and Ada J. - Lowell to * Marls * I.
Bateman, lot'on S line olDurant avenue, 170
E of Ellsworth street, E 130 by S 130, block 12,
map of College Homestead, Berkeley; $7300. <
May L. and, Emily E. Thiele' to Jose F.
Pedro, lots 20 and . 21, block 11, San Antonio,
East Oakland; J20CO. . . . .,
Alameda .County.
«. Willie - W.. ' S. Harris and Kathertne E.
Hobron to Lucy ; M. and Bell : D. Hobron, lot
on S line of " Perry ; street, 525 E of Third, E
25 by S 75; $2000..' '. ¦ -y . .
James and.HelenV. Denman to Payne's Bolt
Works (a corporation), lot on SE> line of How
ard Etreet. 31:8 NE of Main, NE45:10 by.SE
137:6: $17,500. " "¦ • -
Anna Joost (wife ¦: of Behrend) to Edward
Norman, ; lot ¦ on E line -of Vicksburg -street,
SO S of Twenty-fourth.S 24 by E .75; $500.:, . •
Christina, V.;. and r Alfred 1 Howklna - to Chris
tine M.'. Stellins, . lot on 'E line of Noe street,
102:6 S of Fourteenth, S 25 by E 103; $1000.
O'Brien.' lot on W line of Sanchez street,' 25 N
of Henry. N 23 by ;W • 105 ; $500.
THE;SANFEA^CISCO CALL; SATUEDAYvAPEILfi, 1901.
OAKLAND. "April 5.— Thomas W. ' Le
Ballistcr. has been slated for appointment
as city ¦ ¦wharllnsrer in place Charles ; F.
Wagner. ' •!<<> Balllster .was j a ' nxemJQer of
the; former Republican City. Central Com
mlUeeJffiBHBMSMMHnsB
Ii« TJallister as Wharfinger.
City.
13
Coffee Club a Success.
OAKLAND. April 3.— The first month's
¦work of the Coffee Club shows receipts of
$300 awJ expenditures of $173. •witij - an
average dally atendance of SK>. Tha
board of directors will shortly . ertlarga
the scope of the, work. Plans for a
bowline- alley have beon made.
HEAL GSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE. |
„ ., r ., j., , I
fSTTP— JITST ccmn'.eted; Pacific Helehts; artis- i
t!r residence on .'ackscn Ft., near liaker, I
built by <2s>y work: containing U sunny !
rooms; wry hanCso:r.«ly deccrated; mosaic. |
marble or.d Reman brick nn:«^i; heaters and !
rPEisters; electric service and every known
pc.FFilile convenience required in a flrst-<-lai?8 .
rrrfdencp; "terms to suit. Apply on above i
premises from 10 until 2 o'clock.
;i300— CHEAPEST hon:«- in the city: to effect !
oulck sale: 4 rooms end EtaMe; well of water .
produces 1000 jrallons \.er day; street accepted |
by. city; cement sidewalk: plank side en-
tianee; part cash. Call immediately on H. i
W. PA VIS, 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
CHEAP— Houre and lot. 5£ ft. rront. concrete
wall. Iron ra'.llng-K. 7 rooms, bath, laundry. J
bam. chicken yard, lawn: most healthy an-1 ;
pleasant location In S. F. ; further particu- I
larr inquire of I. L. MERRELL. 22 Vicis-
burg at. j
FOR Sale — Nice cottase. 4 rooms and bath; i
every convenience. .".23 Sixth ave., near Park,
Richmond. I
{2700 — 6- ROOM houses, on easy terms; up-to- I
date in . «very particular; Elizabeth. near !
Dcuciasfs. J. AXDERSpX. owner.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond ani ths '
cheapest call on W.-J. Gunn. £30 California.
UODERX cottapes and flats built; reasonable; ,
plans furnished. GEORGE M. EALSBURY. !
builder; office 12S3 Market St. i
lr' you have lets to sell north of the Park, i
then call on W. J. CPXK. «20 California «t.
REAL ESTATE — COL'XTRV — For Sale j
FEE this— Fine ptock ranch and general farm. '
near R. R. and this city; 600 acres; well i
watered : fine Improvements; a lovely home; !
photos this office. H. H. CRANE, 508 Cali- i
fornla et.
BtTY in Nepa County; no drouths, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist," THE W. :
A. MACKINDER CV. Et. Helena. Cal. j
r.ARGAIN"— 50-acre farm near Pleasanton. Ala- I
racda County: all level land; fronts on county
road; house, barn, etc.; price $3750, includ-
ing M Krowing crop. H. H. CRANE, bwi
California ft.
XL GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. by Call building,
sells hotels, lodging-homes, stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
ONLY $12 DO per acre— 220 acres en the Ala-
meda Creek, Alameda County;, good house. 9
rooms. 2 large barns, etc.; fenced and cross-
fenced; pood stock and hog ranch; no waste
land: a genuine bargain. H. H. CRANE.
EOS California Et.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy or Sonoma Co. real estate barralns.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
DO you want & cheap home on a fine large lot
and in a choice location? Just look at prices
below. Easy terms. Just like paying *ent!
$1800— New modern cottage of 6 rooms; latest
plumbing; near trains and schools.
$2750— Snap; fine 8-room cottape; lot 50x130
feet: on San Jose ave. Don't fall, to see this.
Headquarters for furnished houses. HAM-
MOND & HAMMOND. 2326 Santa Clara ave.,
rear Park et.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
2313 CLEMENT ave.— Six rooms and bath; rent
$15. Apply 1218 Larkin Et.. San Fran.. Cal.
SJERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HOTELS.
THE PLEASANTON— A first-class hostelry, for
those wishing to spend a few months In
Berkeley during- the summoi season; rooms
en suite or single. For prices, etc.. address I
The Pleasanton. 2C3I Durant ave.. Berkeley, j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
O AKLAXD Rip AL ESTATE.
J12."4l — Lovely home; beautiful avenue. East Oak- i
land; every convenience: street Improved;
larcn lot: electric and local cars; 1 block from
fine school; half market value: good specula-
tion: must spII immediately. Address Owner,
box :?^6. Call office.
iiAKLAX!) FIKMTLIIE FOR SALE.
.- K Introduction to you from H. Schellhaax, th»
'«rn : tnr» «1»>«!er. 11th and Franklin. Oak]nnd.
rooms roa holsekeepixg.'
FDDT. 6C4— 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas.
ULLIS. CSS. corner Larkin — Large sunny bay-
window; use of kitchen; otner room.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— $7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
FOl.SOM. S34 — Sunny Trent - bay-window room
and k'.tchcn, bath, private, $12; also one (6.
GOLDKN GATE ave., 02!— Sunny bay-window
suite. S rooms: gas rat ce; running water.
S CLEAN furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
Apply <2:>4 Grove St.; no children.
HOWARD, C?,4— Neatly furnished sunny front
room, suitable for a lady or gentleman; also
a lars-e room for light housekeeping, with a
la rte closet.
HOWARD, BIT— 2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1606— One ein:r!e and two house- j
keeping rooms; complete housekeeping:; cheap, j
LIBERTY. 129—! to 5 handsome completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; use of piano,
phone, gae glove; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable.
OFARRELL. 742 — 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; 1 large light housekeeping;
low rent. .,'.,> -
SECOND, 212— Furntiihcd for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable. .
STOCTKTON. 6C7— Efeeantly furnished floor of
4 sumy rooms: also single rooms.
THIRTEENTH. S29. near Valencia-Large
front room furnished for housekeeping ; stove;
foldirjr bed.
Tt'RK, 803 — Nicely furnished alcove suite; con-
necting kitchen; running water; gas, bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received tt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Velencia Ft. i
IIOOMS TO LET I'nrn. and I'nfnrn.
ROOMS "¦' TO LET\
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
'•O.. 22 Kearny St., tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. SJ.1 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms Me up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOL'SE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to Jl per nirht; 41 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BIRCH ave., 617*4— S unfurnished rooms to
let; tS. -
BCBXETT, 1426 Market <old No. 1S64>— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny single and -Jouble
housekeeping rooms to let; from $8 up.
DEVISADERO, ISII'4 — 3 or 4 handsomely sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; reasonable. -
EDDT, $72— Elegant suite, $35; other rooms; If
seen will satisfy; new fiat.
EDDT, 874 — Elejrant etjit* of rooms furnished;
ml*o single; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
end Mission Ets.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; eleVator.
MCALLISTER. 412. room «— Two desirable un-
furnished rooms; J?.
MINNA, 2C2, near Fourth— For rent, nice fur-
nished front r-arlcr, also email room, by pri-
\T«te family.
1IO6S. 24H. near Howtni — 4 unfurnished rooms;
good yard and water; rent $9..
NEW ARLINGTON. 1115 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. ?2 a week up: 25c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunn} furnished ' rooms and
office*: elevator: elec. lights; day. week. mo.
IOST. ai— Large -front room, furnished, $8 per
month; Protestant Christians; neither drink
nor y moke In the house.
POST. «*43— A nicely furnished bay-window, "al-
cove room; running water.
ROY A L Hcuse. 1SS Ellis— Incandescent light:
read^is-room. fn-.okir.s-room and ledles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlpht. Sic to $1 69: week. S2 to
*S: month. & to tW>: etivator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALiS House. S1SS1 Ellis et.— Rooms.
nirht. ;:<• to »1; *e*k. SI ri to 14; open nlcht.
SIIEKMAN Apartment House. » Eighth st..
near Market— Furni*t.td or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121-Furmshed front room; bath;
II M month.
EtTTEn, TIT. nr. Taj-l'*"— v>rr choice for busi-
nep? or honu-: reasonable: picas* investigate.
TtTRK. 4S!-URy.«-indow suit* of rooms; also
flngle roomy; private family.
VAN ICESS. «0 ....a.
nacn«-!or * arnrtmrnte; elegantly furnished;
•11 south rocrer; reference*.
| ROO3IS'.AXb BOARD.
i AT th^ eld Stcvens&n - mansion, cpp." Grace
. Churcli. with 'annex S07 California, st., may
be found a most exceptionally gocd table, at-
; tractive and sightly .rooms at. modest rates.
O'FARRELL, COS (Johnson House)— Elegant,
larpe Btiuny rin.. also sing- rm.; board; ref.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
, BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIHC COLLECTION CO..
<la Montgomery et., rooms 3-19; tel. ES80. •
MATERNITY HOSFITAL, S97 Market st.-L B -
<31es during connnemct.t w. 10 days' » care, J20.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124, 205 4lh.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced ratC3. H5 6th; phone Mint 5.
_J5TORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
rJEnCE-RODOLPII Storage and Movrng"^o^
office. Post and Powell sts. : tal. Main 5713.
nEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
! tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
i PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; ¦ phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. RW Mis-
1 tcl. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
¦ ¦V .t TncrsEs. „•....!.:.¦. .' j.'
MANUFA'R; clastic KtocUingn, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 503 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD [ SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
houre in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
• > DIVIDEND XOTICES.
~ '-' -'- '- - ¦ - 1» t-..-^..- -,, -,_r _-_i-._.-i_ _r jTwtlJIJVtJL- ..-in. i_-
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 26 (thirty
cents per Ehare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company frill be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, on and after Wednesday, April 10, 1S01.
Transfer books clrsfwd Thursday, April 4,
1901, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend, No. 28, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share oii the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 430
California st.. San Francisco, on April 10,
1SC1. Transfer book3 close April 3. 1901, at
noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco. April 1, i90l7
Notic* — Certain goods remaining one year In
bonded -warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States Appraiser's store,
: on the 24th of April. 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogues can be bad at tha
Custom-house on April 18, 1901, or at time
and place of sale. F. S. STRATTON, Col-"
lector. - ¦ ¦ ¦ • - i ..•¦:.
_
PROPOSALS for*"wooleii Blanket^ Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 26 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco. Cal., April 5, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday,
April 20. 1W)1, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for^furnlshing Woolen Blankets.
Quantity to be subject to an increase of 20
per cent, if desired by this Department. Un-
guaranteed bids, and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications, will
under no circumstances be considered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids will be opened for
the delivery of the Blankets at either the
, San Francisco, Bostmi, Chicago and Phtla-
j delphia Depots, but none will be given con-
sideration for inspection or delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders In their
proposals, and no proposition should^>e made
• which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon).
t.nd such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
I duced on the Pacific doast, to the extent of
| the consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
indorsed "Proposals No. 8447," and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,.
XJ. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster. » .
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.; April 6, 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received hdre
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday, May 6,
1901. and then oDened. for construction of a
eewer system at Fort Point, Cal. . Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
air bids In whole or in part.- Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
I of price and quality (including: in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to arti-
" cles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumDtion re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application ' to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES. "
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Joseph P. Vien, 22. 309 Taylor street, and
Edith E. Handllns, 18, 3C9 TaylQr street.
J. Milton Lester, 27, 317 Stockton street, and
! Leona R. Humes, 20, 1622 Bush street.
! Joaquin D. Castro, 22. S26H Howard street,
ajid Agatha J. Diez; 24, 391 Fighth street.
Martin O. Wall, 29. 317 Third street, and
Annie Nielsen, 29, Oakland.
Edwin E. Foilett,. 24, 649 Point Lobos ave-
1 nue. and May Mendla, IS, Watsdnville.
William Herbert, 25, 979 Oak street, and Mae
Griffin. 23. 19A Kipslins; street.
Ferdinand H. Bebow, 31. 228 East street, and
May J. Mahoney, 23, 1316 Mission street.
William P. Wobber, 25, 922>£ Folsom street,
and May Greegains, 21, 565 Third street.
Joseph Friedlander, 37, 916 Sutter street, 'and
Adele Schwarzscblld, 23. 2015 Buchanan street.
Jacob F. Ast. 22. 3143 Sixteenth street, and
Pauline Perez, 19, 3439 Sixteenth street.
Charles Kraft, 30, Isleton, and Elise Paul-
sen. 17. 1020 Golden Gate avenue.
Martinus Overaa. 27. 1713 Folsom street, and
Ilanna Olsen. 21. 87 Brosnan street.
Henry J. Rusac, 26, 640 Golden Gate avenue,
and Emilie Kaiser, 19, 15 William street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlaee and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be landed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
LUBOSCH— In this city. April t 1901. to the
wife of Georse Lubosch, a 60n. '
SCOTT— In this city. April 4. 1901. to the wife
• of Walter A. Scott, a son.
MAEEIED. '
DICKIE— GILLIES— In this city. March 30.
1301, by the Rev. F. S. Brush. John A. Dickie
• of Alameda and Elizabeth S. Gillies of San j
Francisco.
GOLDSTEIN-SOLOMON*-In this city. 'March'
31. 190L by the Rev. S. Goldstein. Herrman
Goldstein and Eva Solomon.
SCOTT— HOLZHAUSER— In Klamath Falls.
Or., December 31, 19C0, Walter L. Scott of
San Francisco and Hulda A. • Holzhauser of
Picard. •
DIED. ™"
Amyott. Onlsime Manjels, Harry
Baumann, Charles Mansell, Michael
-Bernell. Eugene J. Michael. Louis
Brask, John Miller, Julius S.- B.
Carlson. John Moian, Daniel J.
Conniff, Michael Na.umann. Frank
Corcoran. Johanna Perrett. Phillip
Dalton, Elizabeth Prince. Phoebe" M.
Desmond. John It. Riordan. Mary A.
'Dolan, Michael Rota, Glambatlsta ¦
Fairchild, Stephen F. • Stanley. Mrs. Kate
Foster. Daniel Schutt. Martin
Fuller. Thomas Steener, Joseph -
Gomer, J. H. Tierney, Patrick L. .
Hinckley, Hannah M. Walistein, Chas. R
llahan. Mrs. Agnes
AMYOTT— In this city. April — . 1901, Onislme
Charles Amyott, beloved husband of Mrs E
Amyctt, a native of Canada, aged 43 years'
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late res N
dence, V2~A Sixteenth avenue, between H and
I. streets, thence to French Church of Notre
Dair.e des \ ictolres, where services will be
held, commencinic at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAUMANN — In this city. April . 5. 190L
Charles, youngest and beloved eon of Frank
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tEuccessor to Flannaean & Gallagher.* .
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. M«r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EliBALMKRS.
10 KSfth «.. opposite Lincoln tichool.
Telephone Couth SO. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
n »Bfl !> FUth «t. Tel"- South . W.
1CMEAL DIRECTOR AN3 EMBALMESi.
Fir»*t rou!r.m»nt »t Modrrat* Ratt*.
JAMBS McGINNi \" I
Formerly with McGinn . Rro*.. has opened I
new Funeral Parlors- at iU Eddy «t., bet. 1
Taylor and Jones. Telephone t^outh 576. |
DO YOU
WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR
LIBRARY?
Call at The Call office and
examine Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition. By sub-
scribing for The Daily Call for
six months you can secure a
copy of this excellent work of
reference for $1.50, or about
one-fifth the actual subscrip-
tion price. Tha premium is
only offered to readers of The
Call. It will he to your" inter-
est to subscribe for The Call at
once.
"An Eastern Eister" is -the
title of one of the quaintest
conceits in the way of a short
story., that that well-known
.author, Charles Battell Loorais,
has ever written. Out in the
special, edition of Tha Call
next Sunday.
and*Bertha Daumann. and brother 'of Frank
Baumann, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
¦ months and 5 days.
LJRASK— In the City- and County Hospital,
April £. .1301,"- John Brask, a native of
. Sweden, asrcd 57 years. . '. :
BKRNELI^-ln Oakland, April E. 1S01. -at 1184
Monroe street, Eugene J., husband of Eliza-
beth Bernell, a native- of California, ¦ aged 38
years. 7 months and 9 days.
CARLSON— In this city, April 4, 1301, John
Carlson, beloved father of ; Alice" and" Ada
¦ Car.'sjn, aeed 45 years.
CONN IFF— In this city, entered Into rc«t,"
April 5. 1901, Michael,- husband of the late
Jean Conniff, a native of Galway, Ireland,
a;ad 77 years. . '. •. ¦¦¦'. s '
GT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
COKCORAN— In thl3 city, April 4,- 1001, Jo-
•hanna Corcoran,' sister of the late Daniel
P. Corcoran and Mrs. Mary O'Connell, a na-,
tive of Ireland, aged '76 years 3 months and
14 da;-a. . ¦ .» . • ' ."¦'•".
DALTON-Ip this city, Ar.ril 5, 1S01, Eliza-
beth, beloved daughter of Richard and Mary
Dalton, a native of Ban Francisco, ased ¦ 20
years. , ¦ / -
DESMOND— In this, city, April 6. 1901, John
Raymond, dearly, beloved son of Daniel J. .
and Nano Desmond, brother of Marsella and
Gerald J. Desmond, and nephew of Binle
and Majgie Bowen. a . native of San'- Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 10 months and i 12 days.
DOLAN— In this city, April- 5, 1901, Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Maria Dolan,
father of Mazgie, John, Katie and Michael
Dolan. and brother of Robert Dolan, a native
of Lisard,. County Waterford, Ireland. ;
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1G05 Fulton street, thence to St. .Agnes
Church. Masonic avenue, fcr services. Inter-
ment Holy CrcS3 Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
FAIUCHILD— In Fruitvale. Alattieda County,
April 5, 1001, Stephen F. Fairchild, brother of
William O. Fairchild, Mrs. S. ¦ M. Sacknan
and Mrs. A. A. Burson, a native of New
York State, aged 74 years 10 months and 29
days:
FOSTER— In Alameda, April 5, 1301. Daniel
Foster, beloved husband of Emma J. Fes-
ter, and father of Will H. and Walter F.
Fester and Mrs. "Walter Teller, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 71 year3 and 21 days. ;-
FULLER— In this city. April 4, 1S01, Thomas
Fuller, a native of Maine, aped 74 years. -
GOMEZ— In this city, April 5. 1901, J. H., be-
loved husband of Magirie Gomez, father of
J. II. end A. M. Gomez and Mrs. Georgina
Chattelton, son of Rita and the late J. F.
Gomez, and brother of Frank, Hose, Dell,
May, Manuel and Charles Gomez, a native of
Portugal, aged 40 years 6 • months and 22
days. A member of U. P. E. C. and A. O.
U. W. of Pinole, Contra Costa County, Cal.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 43 Holt avenue, off Sixteenth street,
between Mission and Valencia," thence to
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Ccpp streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.^
HINCKLEY— At the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. A. W. Forbes, Hannah Malzard Hinck-
ley, born In Marblehead, Mass., March 1,
1S18.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. A. W. Forbes. 2123
Sacramento street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
MAHAN— In this city, April 6, 1901, Mrs. Agnes
Mahan," beloved" mother of Elizabeth and J.
sH. Mahan and Mrs. John McBeth, a native
of Scotland, aged 71 years.* "¦." •
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church, corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets. Interment . I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MANGELS— At his residence, 30SO Twenty-
fourth street. April 4, 1901, Harry, beloved
husband of Wilhelmine Mangels, and brother
of Mrs. William Sayera of Watsbnvllle, Mrs.
H. J. Maack. Mrs. M. Gerdes and George
• Mangels, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 45 years and 20 days. A member of
Alta Lodee No. 242, A. O. U. W.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respe.ct-
fElly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Sunday), from Mangels' Hall, northeast cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets, where
services will be held, ¦ commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
Members of above lodge and visiting brothers
I are Invited to attend.
MANSELL— In this city, April 3, 1901, Michael
Mansell, beloved cousin of Thomas Moriarty,
a native of the parish of Clahane, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 58 years. . .
' Cy Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co., 12c9 Market street, . between Eighth and
Ninth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
I MICHAEL— In the City and County Hospital.
April 5. 1901. Louis Michael, a native of
France, aged 39 years.
MILLER-In this city, April 3, '1901. Julius S.
B. Miller, beloved father of Mrs. Constantine
Classinlkoff. a native of Copenhagen, Den-
mark, aired 4S years and 8 months.
(T^Chiefs and members of Manzanita Tribe
No.* 4. Imp. O. R. M., and friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
, tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
[' o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post
street, where services will be held under the
~ auspices" of Manzanltai Tribe No. 4, Imp. O.
I R. M Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
I Remains at the funeral parlors of the Gant-
ner & Guntz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mis-
sion street, between Eighth and Ninth. .
MORAN-In this city, April 5. 1901. Daniel
! Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
I . Moran, and beloved father of Mary, Cather-
ine, William, Henry and George Moran. a
native of County Klldare, Ireland, aged 57
years 7 months and 15 days.
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1912 Steiner street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for ssrvices. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NAUMANN— In this city, April 5, 1901. Frank.
beloved son of Bernhardt and Gretchen Nau-
' mann, and brother of Rudolph and Pauline
Naumann, a native of San Franalsco, aged
10 months and 2 days.
PERRETT— In this iclty, April 5. 1901. Phillip
Perrett, a native of the Isle of Jersey, aged
G6 years.
PRINCE— In this city. April 4, 1901, at her
residence, 515 Frederick street, Phoebe M.
beloved daushter of William and Daisy M.
Prince, and sister of Katie Prince, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 5 months and
9 days.
RIORjDAN-In this city, April 2, 1901, Mary
Ann Rlordan, aged 81 years.
CyFriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from. the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence ¦ to St. Francis Church for services.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
ROTA— In this city. April 4, 1901. Glambatlsta,
dearly beloved father of Camlllo. Peter and
Adclina Rota, a native of Italy, aged 70
years 11 months and 27 days. •. y
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thid day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock precisely, from
his late residence, 322 Lombard street, near
Dupont, thence to New Italian Cemetery.
STANLEY— In this city, April 4, 1901, Mrs. Kate
Stanley, beloved wife of the lats Benjamin
¦ Stanley, and mother of Benjamin and Mat-
thew Stanley and . Mrs. George McNulty, a
native of Ireland, aged 63 years. . '
(CTFriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence." 2S21 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. Peter's Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHUTT— In the City and County Hospital,
April 5. 1901, Martin Schutt, a native of
Germany, ased 23 years. .
STEGNER— In Oakland, April 5. 1901. Joseph
Stegner, a native of Iowa, aped 47 years 8
months and 17 days. - . . .
TIERNEY— In this city, April- 4,' 1901, Patrick
I*. Tlerney, beloved son of Thomas and the
late Fannie Tierney, and brother of John,
William and Matthew Tlerney and Mrs. E. J.
Wren, a. native of San Francisco, axed 36
years p.nd 4 months.
tTTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi3 day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence, 24 Folsom avenue, thence to St. ' Jo-
seph's Church for services.- Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage, i ¦ ¦•
WALLSTEIN— In this city, April ft, 1901,
Charles R. Wallsteln, beloved son- of Ole
and Florence Wallsteln, and brother of Mil-
dred Wallsteln, a native of San " Francisco,
agred 6 months and 25 days. .I SO HABEAS CORPUS FOR DURPHT.—B.
F. Durr-hy applied yesterday to United States
District Judge de Haven' for a writ of habeas
corpus. He represents that he was in San
Francisco in - custody of E>. Matthews, an
a gent of . the State . of .Oregon, on . t he way to
Portland; to i be tried on' a charge of polygamy
preferred ; by Margaret Durphy. Judge dc
Haven denied. the writ on the gro»md that the
petition .did net state -facts showing- that the
petitioner was Imprisoned ¦ in vJolatlon of the
constitution and ¦ laws ; of. the United States.
-Durphy- also has a. .writ .pending before Su
perior Jud;e Dunne. "SS^S
, Dr. "J. C. Stinson has J removed to 533
Sutter st.. cor. Mason. Hours 11 to 12 a. m..
2 to 4 and 7 to 8 p. m.: phone Main 1155. •
SUIT SETTLED BY STIPULATION-.— A stip
ulation . was filed in Itie United ' States Circuit
Court yesterday in the case of Mrs. George XV.
Watson and others against the Royal Consol
idated Mines California Company settling the
litigation by agreeing to "a Judgment for plaint
iff for -J430.> without costs, in full satisfaction
of the claim. . . . ¦ . ¦ . ¦ -
¦ Has it ever struck you that ycu can buy
Jepse Moore "A A" whiskey for almost the same
price that is paid for ordinary whiskey? Tour
dealer has It.
Mrs. Urquhart Lee of Chicago arrived
in this city yesterday avd ia registered at
the Palace. Mrs. L*e is well known aa a
lecturer, on parliamentary law. She will
plve several lectures before the women of
San Francisco on the ' cultivation- of . the
voice. ; ,
Mrs. TTrquhart "Lee Here.
Mrs. Hocking Hearing Cartridge Ex
plode Imagines Her Husband
Has Attempted Her Murder.
• A loud report and a-Woman's wild shriek* '
aroused considerable ' excitement on Mis
sion street, between Third and Fourth, at
11 o'clock last; night." Half a dozen police
men and an excited crowd of citizens w^re
on the scene immediately and everybody'
was trying tq elicit information' from a
frantic woman who was too hysterical to
articulate asingle won!.- : ; V ¦¦' ¦-•.,
At last, she ¦ told the officers, that her
husband had attempted to murder her arid
that he had run up to their room In th.j
Hancock House. A hurried search* failed
to. locate the husband and then the woman
admitted that she had not seen her hus
band for twenty-four hours.. • , ¦ -. -.
Patrolman M. J. Cooney. who was stand
ing about a hundred aid fifty feet from
the woman at tho time of the disturbance,
states that the reuort was unlike that 'of
a revolver and that as ' he . looked down
the street he saw smoke arisins: from
under a streetcar, from which he inferred
that the shot came from a cartridge wh'ch
had been placed on the track. .
' The couple had been at the Hancock
House since March 23 and their names ap
pear. In the register , as G. Hocking, and
wife, Sacramento. Ever since .thair ar
rival they have been navlngthe most vio
lent disputes in their room and a few days
ago the man threatened . to leave her if
she would not stop drinking to excess.
Another fierce altercation" on Thursday
resulted in the man'? departure and no
one at the. hotel has. se^n. him since. His
wife has, continually i' expressed- fear .for
her life and nervousness "caused her wild
alarm last nirht.
NERVOUS WOMAN ; '£ CAUSES
; WILDEST EXCITEMENT
LARGE. LICENSE COLLECTIONS.— The re
ceipts In the license office for January. Feb
ruary and March. 1901. were $119,334 73. against
J109.3S0 73 for the corresponding months ot
last year.
SEATTLE, April 5.— Lieutenant Com
mander George H. Peters, Lieutenant
Commander A. B. "Wlllets, Lieutenant
Cleland Offley and Lieutenant P. C. Bul
mer, the board of officers selected from
the battleship Iowa for the trial trip of
the torpedo boat destroyer Goldsborough,
arrived in the city this afternoon from
Bremerton. Assistant Naval Constructor
L. D. Adams, U. "S. N., although not of
the Iowa, Is one of the board and will
judge the hull and general construction
work of the little destroyer. It was an
nounced to-nleht that a trial trip will be
made to-morrow If the weather condi
tions are favorable.
Trial of Goldsborough.
Declares That a California Candidate Should Be Selected for
the Diplomatic Position. £ —
United States Senator Thomas K. Bard
is among the guests at the Occidental
Hotel. He expects to leave the city to r
day to join his family in the Santa Cruz
Mountains. , f*
Speaking of^Dr. Chester Rowell last
night the Senator said:. "Many of Dr.
Rowell's friends have suggested his ap
pointment as Minister to Japan to- suc
ceed Mr. Buck of Georgia. The doctor
possesses especial fitness for service in
Japan. He has lived in that country and
is highly regarded by the Japanese. . The
topic of his selection for diplomatic duty
In. the Orient has been discussed among
his friends, but I did not know until I
read The Call this morning that the news
papers had been informed of the talk in
regard to his candadacy. In the true
sense of the term Dr. Rowell is not a
candidate or an aspirant for this or any
other office. » - ¦ ,*>
"The suggestion of his fitness for the
position emanates from his friends, many
of whom believe that a . change of sur
roundings and performance of duties in
a new field would prove beneficial to him.
I am satisfied that he would accept the
position if it were offered to him and I
doubt if a better man for the place coul'l
be chosen."
Dr. Rowell Is a -well-known citizen of
high character and recognized usefulness.
He was elected from Fresno to the State
Senate in 1S79 and served throughout tho
twenty-third and twenty-fourth sessions
of the Legislature. He was again elected
to the State Senate in 1898 and served
throughout the thirty-third and thirty
fourth sessions, inciading the extra ses
sion of the thirty-third. Seven years ago
he was appointed a Regent of the Uni
versity of California for a term of six
teen years.
Isters to foreign territory requires that
citizens of the Pacific Coast should be
chosen for diplomatic service In the
Orient.
To-night the public will be given an op
potunity to inspect the New Bohemian
Cafe at 711 Market street that is pro
nounced by those capable of judging as
unequaled . in cost, decoration and' ap
pointment by any saloon in America.
Every fixture and "ornamentation ha?
been secured at the hands of those who
rank the. highest among the artisans of
San Francisco. An adequate description
without illustration of the splendid taste
displayed in the selection of each fitting
and decoration and the harmonious color
ing of wall and ceiling. with the substan
tlaJ fixtures and furniture would be im
possible. The woodwork is both artistic
and substantial and is constructed of solid
mahogany, . highly polished. The back
bar particularly is a notable piece of
furniture and instantly compels admira
tion. The work was designed and con
structed by the Home Manufacturing
Company of this city. ¦
The decorations of walls and ceiling are
entirely in oil and were done by P. V.
Bush, the noted artist. Four distinct sub
jects in the nude, of surf scenes, .orna
ment the celling and are .highl;' artist-c
and most cleverlyi executed. Electrical
chandeliers of great beauty, represent the
best workmanship of Thomas Day & Co.,
while the art glass work was furnished
by the California Art Glass Bending and
Cutting Works. The brass work was done
by the California Artistic Metal and Wire
Company. The Bohemian Cafe will be
conducted only as a gentleman's saloon.
There will be no card rooms, -no side en
trance and no ladies permitted. A fine,
dainty lunch will be served and a corps
of the most competent and courteous bar
tenders, under the management of Ernest
W ;Langrenbach,.for the past seven years
head bartender of the Hoffman Cafe, has
been engaged. The proprietor Is A. G.
Hagedorn, for the past eighteen years
president of the California Soda Water
Company and a gentleman widely and
most favorably known in business circles.
The cigar stand at the entrance will bo
conducted by Henry Plagemann, who has
engaged the adjoining store at 709 Market
street, to which his wholesale department
will be removed in about .a month. At
that time he will introduce the Flor d«»
Claus Spreckels Cigar, the. choicest Hav
ana cigar on the market.
pointment and Itecoration.
The Bohemian Cafe a Palacs in Ap-
UNEQUALED IN AMERICA.
Senator Bard believes a citizen of Cali
fornia should be appointed Minister to
Japan. He. calls to mind the excellent
service rendered in China by Burlingame
and Avery. and In Japan by John K.
Swift and Frank L. Coombs. The com
mercial business between Japan and the
TJnited States is conducted mainly through
San Francisco. The geographical relation
of California to Japan suggests the selec
tion of a citizen of this State for diplo
matic service in that country. The Era
bassador and leading consular representa
tives of the United States in Europe ara
appointed from States bordering on the
Atlantic. The application of the general
principle governing the selection of Min-
SENATOR BARD CORDIALLY INDORSES
CHESTER ROWELL FOR MINISTER TO JAPAN
After the men had ; been ' "separated
Guinee I was - carried into • the ¦ Almshouse,
whe*re his wounds were . dressed.' The in
jured man is slightly demented and is
also ' a victim of epilepsy. He : has
fered three attacks of. that disease with
in the last three months and because of
his enfeebled condition it is not thought
that he will recover. The wound on the
head which Is four or ¦ five inches in
length Is the most dangerous.
They "were left to themselves .'for a
short time yesterday and the quarrel en
sued. Smith, who is a much more pow
erful man than his victim, seized a heavy
bottle and struck Guinee over, the head
¦with it:" The bottle -was shattered, but
Smith still ¦ grasped I the , neck with its'
jagged' edges and struck Guinee again
acrops» the nose, Inflicting j a very ugly
wound. " . . • . •
How the quarrel started is not known.
Smith is either unable or unwilling to
give a correct version of the affair. The
two have nourished a mutual grievance
over some trivial misunderstanding for
a- number of -years.
Daniel Guinee and Richard Smith, two
aged inmates of the City and County
Almshouse. became involved in a quarrel
shortly before j noon yesterday and -. as a
result of the. affray which followed,
Guinee lies in his ward fatally' wounded
and Smith is confined in the City Prison.
Richard Smith Fatally
Assaults Aged Daniel i
Guinee.
ICED ALMSHDUSE
.miWATESOUARBEL
• He began his mining career with the
Standard Consolidated Mining Company
at Bodie in 1879. In the lollowing year he
went to Tombstone, Ariz., where for sev
eral years he was ireneral manager of
the Mayflower Mining Company. He is the
superintendent of the Western Extraction
Company, which is. working quartz tail
ings by cyanide process at Picacho. San
Diego: County. *-Mr. Aubrey was the first
man in the. Southwest to introduce this
process and make a success of it. He has
been engaged of late years in operating
cyanide plants in various parts of South
ern California, Arizona, New Mexico and
Nevada.
For a number of years Mr. Aubury ha.3
been engaged in developing quartz mines
in Mariposa County and during that period
has been consulting engineer of several
mining companies and employed in the
examination of prominent mines on tliis
coast. He is fa»iiliar with most of the
mining regions of Ca'ifornia and knows
most of the more prominent miners, from
whom he obtained high indorsements
for the position to which he has just been
appointed. Prominent oil men, too,,-assist
ed him in this way. Mr. Aubury brings to
his new position a srood fund of useful
practical knowledge and much intelligent
energy and ambition.
annual miners' convention in this city was
elected second vice-president of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association. He was bor'i
in Placer County, Cal., In 1S62. and is a
past president in the order of Native
Sons.
LEWIS E. AUBUKY of Los AjiEe
les was yesterday i appointed
State Mineralogist by the Gover
nor to succeed A. S. Cooper,
whose term has expired.' Mr. Au
bury Is a member of tV:e American Insti
tute of Mining Engineers and at the last
I NEW STATE MINERALOGIST. WHO HAS JUST BEEN APPOINTED BY
GOVERNOR GAGE TO SUCCEED A. S. COOPER, WHOSE TERM HAS
EXPIRED. THE NEW' OFFICIAL IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
The Stanley "Airship Rapidly Assum-
ing Form and Completion.
The past two weeks have witnessed
great progress in the construction of the
Stanley, airship, near the Park. The
aluminum framework that will carry the
strain of the entire shell or cone above
the hull proper, in which will be contained
the gas balloons, cabins, pilot-houses, etc..
has been put in place and each aluminum
rib. fifty-six feet in diameter, elevated
and riveted , home. The two engines of
fifty horsepower each are completed and
are being subjected to the most thorough
tests. The engines are of the Elliot type
and are of special design to suit the un
usual work to which they will be put
The work will be slightly retarded by res
son of the non-arrival i of some of th^
minor parts, such as the silk for th<?
balloons and the cork for the floors, but
the heavier construction work will before
long be finished. The last car of alumi
num, which will be used to sheath the
entire ship, is expected each day, so that
soon the exterior of the ship will be com
plete. Charles Newman, the promoter of
the enterprise, to whose effort the build
ing of the craft is largely due. is un
tiring in his efforts to bring about th«
launching of the ship .on the date an
nounced. That it will perform all that is
claimed for it is firmly believed by mar y
of San Francisco's most prominent pro
fessional men and mechanical engineers
who have studied the plans in the most
critical manner. The shin is now attract
ing large crowds each Sunday, who watc'i
its construction with unflagging interest.
The German empire has four large and
thirteen smaller fortresses. -
FORGING AHEAD.
Woundtd Man Unable to Give a Good
Description of the Desperate
Pair— Supposed to Be
Ez~Soldiers
The doctors at the Harbor Hospital
have little hope for the recovery "of Al
bert Sinyard, the , sailor who was shot
late Thursday night by footpads. On
account of his serious condition no effort
has as yet been made to locate the bullet.
To Detectives Dinan and Wren, who
are working on the case, Sinyard yester
day told how- he was walking along
Howard street, and when near Spear he
was confronted by two young men, both
of whom wore dark slouch hats, and
was : commanded to throw up his hands.
Thinking they were "trying to have some
fun" with him, as Sinyard expresses it.
he answered them back, when one of the
robbers pointed his revolver at him and
fired. The bullet struck him over the
heart, and as he fell to the sidewalk
they searched hi3 pockets, securing nil
the money he had. amounting to $150.
After they fled Sinyard regained his feet'
and walked to Steuart street, where he
met a friend to whom he feebly told the
story of. the shooting. As he was erow
ing weak from the loss of blood his Irienfl
lost no time in conveying him to the
Harbor Hospital. , • * • . .. .
'Even if the unfortunate man should
recover it is extremely doubtful if he
would be able to identify the murderous
footpads in case they fall into the hands
of the police. Beyond declaring they were
both smooth shaven and appeared to be
young men. he is unable to give a de
scription of them.
• The detectives are satisfied the desper
ate robbers are ex-soldiers. They are
also convinced they are the. same men
who fired three shots at William Fitz
gerald only a short time before Sinyard
was wounded. Fitzgerald was walking
along Fremont street, near Mission, when
he was met by. the robbers, who ordered
him to throw up his hands. Anxious to
save 1 what little money he had. Fitzgerald
started to run, "when one of the footpads
opened fire on him. Fortunately for Fitz
gerald . the bullets went wids of their
mark. His description of the men tal
lies with that given by Sinyard. except
he Is satisfied they wore derby hats.
mi ir -I » .1 ' i
The Murderous Assailants
of Sinyard Still at
POLICE LOOKING
FOR FOOTPADS
APPOINTS L. E. AUBURY
STATE MINERALOGIST
Governor Gage Chooses a Prominent
Native Son as Successor to A. S.
Cooper, Whose Term Has Expired
HERLIHY TRIES
CIRCUIT COURT
Chief Engineer of the Rio
de Janeiro Appeals to
Judge Morrow. .
Contends That He Should Have Been
Served With Written Charges
Before His License Was
E«voked.
P. H. Herlfhy, chief engineer of the
Eteamshlp Rio de Janeiro when that ves
sel went down off the Golden Gate, ap
pealed yesterday to the United States
Circuit Court from the decision of the
United States Inspectors of Local and
Foreign Steam Vessels revoking his li
cense as an engineer. Herlihy states In
his appeal that he was not served with a
copy of the charges, and was not given
an opportunity of defending himself.
The inspectors found that Herlihy was
puilty of neglect of duty on the occasion
of the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro ana
they revoked his license. In Herlihy s
case the usual precedent was followed In
accordance with the regulations govern
ing the inspectors. Whenever a wreck
occurs the chief surviving officer Is re
quired to make a written report to the
inspectors giving the salient details of
the accident. Then an investigation is
had, no charges btlng filed against any
one. Should the investigation show that
anv officer was puilty of grrops negligence
or 'otherwise failed to perform his duty
the Inspectors find accordingly and Im
pose a penalty of suspension for a definite
period or revoke ih« license of the de
linquent. This course was followed In the
Rio de Janeiro ease and such is the course
pursued by United States Inspectors all
ever the country. ¦
Judge Morrow set April 15 as the date
for argument on the appeal. Harry W.
Hutton will appear for Hertlby.
HIFFEEENCE BETWEEN
TOWAGE A2H) SALVAGE
Judge de Hav^n Decides That the
Fflueger Was Assisted but
Kot Saved.
United States District Judge de Haven
handed down a decision yesterday in the
case of the I>. B. White Lumber Com
pany vs. the German bark J. C. Pflueger,
etc.. a suit for salvage.
The Pflueger left San Francisco July
11, 1900. bound for Queenstown, and on the
next day was injured by a squall and was
obliged to put into Santa Barbara Chan
nel. 200 miles distant. Here she hailed the
t-teamer Greenwood with signals of dis
tress, and at the solicitation of the mas
ter of the Pfluegrer the Greenwood towed
th*» bark into Santa Barbara harbor.
Under the litigation the Pflueger was
Fold for $15,250. Judpe de Haven held that
the service rendered by the Greenwood
was mere towagre service and not salvage;
that the bark was in no immediate peril,
being still able to carry sufficient sail to
make headway, and that the towage serv
ice was worth $350. which sum was award
ed the plaintiff, the owner of the Green
wood. The libel of intervention ; by the
master and crew of the Greenwood was
dismissed.
THE SAF FRANCISCO ; CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 6, 1901.4
14
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
P. KO8COE 2T«XCX.TY. BI. D.
SOj; Rearny Stv San Francisco. Csl
DR.MCOTLTY.
fJ'HISWliUrKyoWN A5TD RKLTABLE OLD
A Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea.GIeei,
•Mrirtcr*'. KfmlnsJ Weakness. Impotence and their
tilled Disorders. IJoolc on Diseases of Me». free.
OrerCOyeara'eyperence.Term* reasonable. Hoars,
Pto3da!ly;.e::jf)to3.33ev'Rrs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
Offica 1O04- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av*.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
THE EARLY BIRD
Catches the worm— if you've been caught
on poor laundry work drop us a card or
ca.ll us up on the 'phone and we'll call for
and return your next bundle in a condition
that'll make your Easter outfit doubly
pleasing to you.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. CCVIGORA-
tor atd Kervine.
The nsost wonderful aDhrodlslae and SpecUI
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRU.VE. Agents.
S3 Market et.. S. F.— (Send for CJrculan.)
0ur35c antI40c m m M ijffJiW^^? No> 30 F|^nTaf-
25C Yard, j I g^SBOiS 12aC Yard.
Why Are We Galled the Busy Store?
Because we always offer the latest styles; make the garments in
oupown factory, saving you the middleman's profit; use best of
materials; low prices; courteous treatment; money back if -; not
suited; that's why we are kept busy.
CHILDREN'S,- PIQUE • COATS. full , PnrpnJn *a»C««J».
•length, .trimmed • with wide embroiderj 1 : UUiSBIS TOl t dSTfiT.
worth $2.50. Special... C1 AQ .„ »'«»•« •"• wuoioi i
........... ¦'.. ...... tJ>l«T-C>' >H our- Pink. Blue and "White SHORT
: PIQUE CAPES-Isomethins new; made £3j t^I| T CORSETS. 75c quality. CQg
tra wide, 'trimmed with nainsook embrold- V'.'V* "• •
On y Ba"e dlnSertiOn: W - Orth^ 5< $3.45, SU^lZm^tl&T Sd^l^S
' Many other" 'styles : "on sale at $1^3, ' . Mon «»ay . • ' 0 1 «U U
pl.05 and $2.45. . 'n • •„ . . . _ . -
..... , _ , „ . . Boys' Waists for Faster
Lniidrens Easier Hats and w e have mad* u P Wme wai sts
• ' n.;..!. , • • made of best white lawns, all nicely trlm-
Bonnets. . , K; 1^^^... 0 . 01 .^: slzes 3 98c
In this line we're showing the best values . .. '
and greatest novelties ever shown at Don- . -. . ; . |ir«i_-f_ lir • *i
"'".•^.r: ;.'"!?. 4^.!?:::::' ; $3.50 Women SWaiStS,
..... . . ..... ,To-dav we place on pale all. our $1.23 Per-
p...' I Ptfmrlm (Jitnlin llniln vomn v caIft "VValsts.--. tucked front-and back, trim-
Special Offer in Wushn underwear. T^r^o^/^v%^r lde^ G l w^
To-day, we offer you your choice of all . : .... , • ' "'¦"¦ nuC
our 90o WOMAN'S NIGHT GOWNS, made Wo ,,, at "¦ ''.''.' ' A '"i' ''"-' ",'\""." r ,:,
.-of best muslin,; elegantly trimmed with p,1 J "tL l^™ , f 1 '" of^! nk '*5?'
embroideries and intertions, six different u ® i ,?? 1 - er ® Y,f ** tb * , reg " 15 1 4S
-styles to select from. On sale fier r - ular.JiS^ quality. On sale OI-'HrO
at ....".....'..•........• :.... OtIW "We are showing. the prettiest anddaintiest
Many other rare Inducements offered In ¦ Waists In Lawn, Organdie : or Ba-
IthlB department to-day-50c worn- QST,, "S?; :"..\? u f J * T £ l ™™n* .for a; pretty
an' s drawers OOC white waist for Easter don't overlook us
• .. ¦;,.-¦ I to-aay. *. .
¦Confirmation Presses. 1 1 One Specai in Knit Thderwear.
It won't pay you to make thpm when we '¦„-- W,,.« A^i,, -• n .. j. * , ¦
ran sell you : any size. , latest 'styles, all —?,* \ lnt Ot -? 01 P'
sorts of materials to select from, all nice- : {"1? -JJl™ lu ™ „ we J f ht Balbriggan \ ests,
!r..^ m . m^.f.?. m ..*V^. to ::::: $7^00 <£ £:™;^™ 18c
: * / noih^r Hosier Special.
¦VT« gave you. these Wst Saturday, but we *- dlulUaj ft 130061 {QICi
¦pive you the chance again to-day; -Rlche- ''^nniv ttf'it crrrTm/
lieu Ribbed Hose, 35c quality, to- | D-, ;'i TO-DAT T\ E LL SELL TOU
day '....'. l(3v- ' Women's 'wrappers worth 73c for.'. .'...40c
fattaCTMQgft/l'IIJB .' '.'*S!^*V*yi' 6 tft?}£j^CT|i Women's wrappers worth $1.00 for 74c
' ArSnlSn I SPOC •' ¦ "Women's wrappers worth' S1.25- : for..'.» 9S<«
t'-i-'f,'", . HIUUiUll LQOGOt . .Women's wrappers ..¦worth : J1.T5 'for.. $1.23
.Something entirely new; hundreds of All our wrappers are lined' '.well made.
patterns ' to select from; Insertions to of best material and trimmed with braid3
¦match; from lOc to 48c yard. . . . laces-, and insertions; -sizes 32 to' U. ,'/¦ ;
COUNTRY ORDERS 'RECEIVED;'
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
. / BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
Best L Bros.' Brand EASTERN HAMS. Ib. \2h
Every Ham guaranteed. Regular He.
TOMATOES, Columbus Brand, 4 cans. . .25c
Extra quality; Rearalar 10c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 3?c
Fine Butter is our notto. Regular 40c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 17^
Gathered dally, ilcjrolar mje.
ZINFANDEL, in stone jag, gallon 75c
Extra fine; vintage 1S32- Regular $1.
MOCHA AND JAVA COFFEE, Ib 25$
Again -we give our friends a chance to get
our test Coffee. Rexular 35c.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, Ib. 40o
Six kinds. Regular 73c.
KIPPERED HERRING, large can 20c
Imported from " Scotland. Regular 23c.
OLD PORT AND SHERRY, quart bottle, ,25c
Cholc<». Regular 40c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cako 25z
F1n« white. Resruiar 4 cakes 23c.
J. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, quart tot. .73c
Regular $t 13. Gallon J3 75.
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans 25c
Sterilized. Regular 10c.
LA PORTE EXTRA SUGAR CORN, 3 cans . 25o
Regular 1T&C can.
BEST SUGAR PEAS, Petits Pois, can 15c
. Regular 25c can.
CROSSE & BLACKWELL JAMS .15c
In glass Jars. ResulaT 25c.
GRAPE-NUTS, package l&e
IsOMEOPATHIC COCOA, Wb can 121c
Health Cocoa. Regular 2Cc.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, sliced. ..... .15c
Special request. Rezular 23c.
Macaroni Spaghetti, YennicaQi, box 20c
*¦ Resular C5c. .
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-Ib bar;. .25a
' Virgin brand. Regular SOc.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
- Can take advantage of these "apecial"
*a!e?. We ship fr.?e- of charge within 1(V>
miles, on all orders exceeding $3. Aak for
- , monthly »rice list— free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. X2. No Branch Stores.
Special £aster fiction num-
ber of The Sunday Call out
next Sunday. Do not miss it.
Some of the best short story
•writers of the day are among
, its special contributors.
H RIDE A p
g^y Chainlcss. $60 Sftacer .... $50 ' Wg&
jCi'ght Zftoadster. $40 Sftoadster. .$35 Mm*
H THOS. H. B. YARNEY, Market & 10th, S. F, H
' '¦: Hala^ ! / Sale'*. _ _ ga fel?-- :
/^BmX^^^^^f/ Now tor the Eastcr toilet's finishing touches: gloves.
/fill HiV W2l^&*k/ hatS ' Suits ' wra P s ' ribbons ' P rett >" stockings, a veil, a neck
/^^SSSB^^^Ms. ¦ P iece or a hair ornament - Depend upon us for them. J
/fiS^^^^^^^^^W^A Ever>-thing has been handilv arranged, and plenty of helpers will W
WBff '''''' : ?W£L -31/ here; but help us to a correct 'ielivcry by assuring yourselt that the salct-
\WBBW Mlfj/ person has the correct address. We give much attention to our stor,-
|Hf mSL/JTBi/if l service— store manners. We won't allow curselyes to get so busy that we
XWbSBf S^BHrr^V^ liav e to slight you. Come to-chy. Buy leisurely, and it you don t come
VHBr bKW l>v^l to b; -y come to lo °V-- The sights are worth seeing. The windows, the
vSfif r^Til^ VT c o''»'t. the millinery salon, the cloakroom, the ladies parlor, and— on.
%^^'^%Jrt^\J yes! don't miss the hairdressing and manic.mng departments.
Kr *» tJwS ' ' And, above all, don't worry. Pleasant wishes for the Eastertide.
» fr % C *" u * rO '^lK^l J^"' ¦n j |t j Already we do the chief selling; of ladies'
tV^i^mmjy For rantl . .h~. ttff.i° ' FOTO-m-HANDS ANB STOCKS
KiSrV^aSa&ghr^BH^ finished in scroll designs of gilt braid. ?2.OO. or India silk STOCKS
r^A"J'\* ', * AN *> JABOTS finished with net top lace and Homton edging, ?!•••>:
I >^ (^«<&W& ; P atin L'AIGLON STOCKS with pleated chiffon cascade, narrow silk ruf-
L^rt \7 'fling and set off with a narrow bow of Dresden nbbon, silk rib-
' rS-2^X. J bon FOTJR-IN-HANUS, the stocks are in the new Persian colorings with
T two rows of lace hemstitching on each end. .?l.-t>: silk nbbon rOUR-
V ' IN-HANDS .with corded L'Aiglon stocks, finJ-'hed with ooint lace braM.
S."»c. Quite charming are these hand-maJe ARABIA-N IiACE COL-
1 . —^WqZJ^Us r< j 1U*11* - Wc are fulIy rca ' ly wJth ? - s 8T and and in '
B^^T^^J}'- >-^d_ I ¦' r51CTAr IllilliliPrVviting a display of hats to-day as it will be
IpS^^f^v^X: • EaMCl «lllIlUCIj yo I ur K pIeasuret J Offin d. We were splendidly
ra^^H"A«:i''-Lffl^IlIir: prepared with reinforcements for these last days. Scores and scores of the
|^*)^ W^,^^^^^ h ats embody ideas which were not brought out earlier in the season, so
, @ ,,^'^^i^-Y^|^aE§& t hat you women who buy to-day mav in n sense have a fresher and more
' S^^'^alfciL^' 3»l S up-to-the-minute hat than if you had bought earlier. It might be jnfor-
5^" 4§i' mation to you for us to sav that all our salesladies are experienced mil-
|f||Pl£ff Mi M\ liners. Whether you have $5.00. $10.00 or $15.00 to spend, we have every
• reason to believe that we can give you the most for the money.
Ei »r •<• Of course _, . r*. -t • We're selling more fancy hose now than ever.
5ICTPF V AilitlflTC you HflCTAr NtfirinfliFQ A careful observer says no other store in
dbier 'Ciiingbn^veiyf easier jiuuuiigs town is as well prcparC d aS we."
want the prettiest, of course you want to 2 new styles ladles' fancy hose— lace 50 new and bright, pretty style* of la-
choose from the biggest variety, and of g tr i De open work from ankle to top— dl 5 . hose— Imported— black and white
e °n u - want to m^ggm torit ~ ¦^^^sstsssTOui'iaiSSSJ -«^--«* *
3Oc yd— Plain and Fancv Meshes. ppVi S e and French blue uppers— Rlche- re d, blue and lavender— solid blue, lav-
chemlle and velvet dots or silk and self „ ribbed from ankle to top-sizes 8J4 en t> er and red grround. with black polka
dots or fine London, Meshes, with t o i 0 ..... SOc pair fl d iover . s knot comblned-the
' t«Itfn| colSS al W Ch Fro«el° S NSts°?n 1« Styles ladles' '"Ported Waj* !«« ~w pastel two-toned effect-black boots
b™ck n fnd CO wh7te.°o r rC^I:oS »^ w and colored u P p V s-also serpentine ef-
dotted, or Gray Mixed Meshes. w c ? a to 10 ..."?.. ."oOc pair fects In assorted colors. All.. 50c pair
What a variety! We cannot imagine a slzes 8 t0 . '
- finer choosing anywhere for 50c.
7r»e».vd —^Plflin and Fancv Ouen and • ~ r fimmT
Closed Meshes, spotted with largre and f*53v /&ff /*§/ f55) _
$1.<K> YD.— BLACK SILK MESH, strikingly f /£&/ ' "^^
.set off with rhenllle or velvet dots, also /£&/ ~~ *- *%^%r**m "
I SILK NET embroidered In leaf designs. wgStif *JrWJf}J» MjOUl*^^^
$1.50 YD.— BLACK SILK MESH, with crow- *^ -mm "^
:K : S^S^^K Market Street, near Sbcth, opp. Golden Gate ave.
white chenille dots — very swell. I . _^ __ m^ mm^^^ __ _. __ — — .^—^— -
A 1 I h I n yyji & I QnjL fi f£ 1 z Vb i \t 1
Best Ham3-' — -per-lb- 14c
Regular 16c per Jb. .; ¦ .
TomMo^s B^ bU8 - 4 fins for 2Ec
The Last Offer for This Season. *
Regular 10c per tin.
Toi'et Paper '' Audi^x;' npk$8 75c
Regular 10c per package. ¦ . • ,
Each package contains 1000 sheets "Lekko."
Best [cowing -Soap in the World
• ••• — 4 cakes for 25c
Regular 10c per cake. . .
Removes ink and grease spots.'*- •• ' . -
"ootB?er. "Fires"..! doz bots SI
Regular 10c rer bottle.
Ginger Ale, "Hires"., f ddz bots $1
Regular 10c per bottle. . . . - :
Castile Soap. French - - per bar 25c
Regular 20c per bar. ¦ ....
Cocoa, "Huyler- 1 . : - -V- per tin 25c
- Regular SOc. ¦ ¦ . r . .....¦•
Almonds, paper-shell. . . . per !b 15c
¦ Regular 20c.
Olive OII, M jgs&.. . • • per bottle 75c
Regular SSc. ' , :
California's Best Production. . .
Hock Wine- - -per doz.qt bottles S3
Regular $4 ' per dozen. ¦
Fine Table, Wine— Four -Tears Old. .
Claret- - - .psr d*z qt bottles S2.75
Regular $3 50 iier dozen. . ;
Red Labol. Special Choice Quality.
Imperial Cicktals.-.per bpltle 7Ec
Regular J1S5 per bottle. ' . •
Galvanized Iron Fails- ..-. each 20c
Regular 30c. ¦ yff^ajBBiq '
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKEflBERG,
1447-49 POLK' STREET.