VOLUME XC— NO. 165.
BRILLIANT AUDIENCE LISTENS RAPTUROUSLY TO GRAND OPERA
AND GIVES WARM GREETING TO THE FAVORITES OF SONG
PUTS PAPERS
IN POCKETS
OF DEAD MAN
Swindling Deserter's Ar
rest After His Sup
posed Demise.
Charge of Murder May Follow
Attempt to Defraud In
surance Company.
Sppr-ir.: Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 11.— Newell C.
Rathbun, who was supposed to have 'died
%in a Jeffersonville, Ind., hotel last Thurs
day, was arrested in Louisville to-day.
According to Rathbun the corpse that
was shipped to Little Rock for burial a-s
the body of Rathbun was the body of
"W. L. Teneyeke. The police pay Rathbun
has confessed to desertion from the
United States army and to having formed
a plan to fraudulently collect $4000 insur
ance on his life, but that he denied hav
ing killed the man who died in the Jeffer
eonville Hotel. Rathbun was arrested
about 11 o'clock this morning: at the
United States receiving station in Louis
. ville, where he had Just enlisted under
the name "Lou Root. Detroit. " He is held
as a fugitive from justice. Rathbun made
a' statement, in which he said: -
"I came to Louisville about ten days
ago and formed a plan to make the in
surance company think I was dead, bo
that I could collect the Insurance. I fell
in with a man who said his name was
W. L. Teneyeke in front of the Salvation
Army headquarters in Louisville and toM
him of my plan, and he agreed to help
me. Our plan was to obtain a corpse from
some place, put in a hotel in Jefferson
ville and then set fire to the hotel. While
we were in Jeffersonville we took a num
ber of drinks and Teneyeke got drunk. I
think his death was caused by drinking. I
put the letters addressed to me in hi*
pockets and left. I did not kill him. I
then came to Louisville and went to the
recruiting office and enlisted."
The police are trying to establish th»
Identity of the dead man. One of their
theories is that he was a tramp whom
Kathbun had fallen in with.
Coroner Coots of Jeffersonville says he
examined the stomach of the dead man
and found traces of enough laudanum to
kill two men. .' ¦'::: :\ r /;
For Alexandra's Crown-
~m IjOXDON, Nov. 12. — King Edward has
\ decided to have tlie celebrated Koh-i-
Noor mounted in the crown of Queen
Alexandra for the coronation.
The San Francisco Call.
NEW TREATY
WILL SOON
BE SIGNED
Hay and Pauncefote Are
Paving Way for Isth
mian Canal.
Senators Assure the President
That Ratification Is Not
to Be Opposed.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The signa
ture of the isthmian canal treaty negoti
ated by Secretary Hay and Lord Paunce
fote will occur as soon as the latter shall
receive the necessary powers from London.
These will come by cable and will formally
authorize the Embassador, as represen
tative of King Edward, to attach his
name to the instrument. It is the expecta
tion of the authorities here that the treaty
will be signed within the next few days.
All the members of the Isthmian Canal
Commission are in the city for the pur
pose of attending the final sessions, which
begin to-morrow. The present gathering
is to complete the report of the commis
sion and report, in accordance with law,
the route for an interoceanic canal by
way of the isthmus. The law under which
the commission was appointed requires it
to name a route; if it fails it will fall
short of its duty, to perform which Con
gress voted $L 075.000, all of which has been
spent. The commission, if it does not
make a recommendation, will also be
charged with playing into the hands of the
Panama company. It is believed that the
commission will name the Nicaragua
route as best for the United States and
eliminate the Panama route as imprac
ticable, owing to the inability or indis
position of the Panama company to make
an offer to transfer its property to this
Government. Sentiment In Congress is
overwhelmingly in favor of the Nicaragua
route.
The preliminary report made public last
December placed the cost of the Panama
route at $146,000,000. It gave the cost of
the Nicaragua Canal as $200,000,000. In both
instances theße figures will be changed a
few millions. The commission thinks the
final surveys of Nicaragua show that
route much better than they thought it
would be when they signed the prelim
inary report.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
BULGARIAN
GOVERNMENT
MUST ATONE
Held Responsible for the
Abduction of Miss
Stone.
Liberation cf Captives in
Order Before Demand for
Reparation.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.-While the
United States is determined to hold Bul
garia to a strict account for the part she
played in the abduction of Miss Ellen M.
Stone, President Roosevelt and Secretary
Hay are not prepared to Initiate action
contemplating reparation until Miss Stone
shall have obtained her liberty. Conse
quently the representation made by Con
sul General Dickinson to the Bulgarian
Government that it will be held responsi
ble, while premature, expresses accurate
ly the view of this Government. It Is re
iterated with positiveness that Secretary
Hay is bending all his efforts to secure
the liberation of Miss Stone, and when
this is accomplished a demand for in
demnity will be submitted and pressed.
Dickinson's conduct of negotiations with
the Bulgarian Government has caused the
State Department considerable embar
rassment. In his effort to prevent the
Sofia authorities from dispatching troops
in pursuit of the brigands he has been
heartily supported by the department.
Dickinson has protested agalnßt the pub
lication of facts in relation to the ne
gotiations, which he says are cabled to
Sena, but it is pointed out that he him
self authorized statements even more em
barrassing than those to which he ob
jects., Eddy, secretary of the legation at
Constantinople, has, on the other hand
displayed considerable diplomatic ability
in dealing with this delicate question and
the authorities are gratified at the course
he has pursued.
SOFIA, Nov. 11.— From another letter
that has been received from Miss Ellen
M. Stone, the abducted American mis
siccary.it appears that she is enduring
the trials of her hard experience with
fortitude, forgetting herself in her anx
iety for her companion, Madame Tsilka.
Miss Stone does not dare to complain "of
the treatment to which they are sub
jected, but she ftnds the confinement irk
some and the weather extremely trying.
SOCIETY GATHERED AT OPERA PRESENTS A MOST ENTRANCING PICTURE.
SOCIETY GATHERS IN FULL FORCE,
PRESENTING MAGNIFICENT SCENE
THE opening of the grand opera
season last evening was a dis
tinct triumph for the famous
artists who appeared, and also for
the representatives of society who
composed the vast audience.
The superb auditorium of the Grand
Opera-house was filled with the leaders
of fashionable circles and by lovers of
music. The "Four Hundred" came in full
force, and beautiful women and men who
are distinguished in all walks of life gath
ered . there to pay tribute to the song •
birds of Impresario Grau.
There was not a vacant seat in the the
ater and "standing room" was at a pre
mium. Compared with the opening night
of last year the one of this season was
greater in every respect.
Nothing happened to mar last even
ing's event, the rain that was feared
holding off, and it will be long remem
bered by those who took part in Wag
ner's immortal creation "Lohengrin" and
the thousands who formed the audience.
Although the performance was sched
uled to commence at 7:45 o'clock,, a large
crowd surrounded the Grand Opera-hous-i
doors as early as 5 in the evening.
-At 7 o'clock the carriages with their
gayly dressed occupants commenced to
arrive. The police regulations called for
all carriages to enter Mission street from
Third street, and by 7:30 there was a Mm
of vehicles reaching up to Market street
and along tha*t artery for two blocks.
The large foyer of the Grand Opera
house was turned into a temporary re
ception-room for an hour previous to the
curtain ascending, for the members of so
ciety desired to gee each other and slyly
take note of. what dresses were worn.
A survey of the pleasure seekers who
walked througn the foyer of the Grand
Opera-house last evening disclosed tin
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
most prominent members of fashion an-i
of professional and commercial circle".
Wealth, culture, learning, were all repre
sented. Bankers escorted their wives an 1
daughters into the theater; Judges an.l
prominent men of the law played thj
gallant; merchants of fame forgot tha
cares of business to apend the svenlnjr at
the shrine of music; medicos of re
nown and divines of high degree, accom
panied by beautiful women, mingled in
the throng; teachers in the seats of learn-
Continued on Page Twa2
"LOHENGRIN" IS SUNG IN FAULTLESS STYLE
HANDSOME WOMEN WEAR
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES
Splend diy Arrayed in Magnificent Gowns
of Cosily Fabrics and Rare O'd Laces,
and All A-Glitter With Dazzling Jewels
Beautiful women in handsome gowns
trimmed with rare laces and glittering
with costly jewels made the auditorium
of the Grand Opera-hduse last evening r
brilliant picture that will not easily fade
from the memory of those fortunate
enough to be present-
There have been qther opera seasons
that society has honored with its pres
ence, but never before in the musical his
tory of this city have the buds and belles
and matrons arrayed themselves with
such splendor to greet the great musical
stars. ¦>, •¦¦:,; . . •• • "¦«'"
Among the rr.any handsome women in
elegant costumes seen at the opera were
the following: •" -
Mrs. Joseph Tc bin looked stunning in a pink
:atii gown covered with a net embroidered ii.
•silver Kbit. Her opera coat was of pink panne
velvet with cloth applique.
Mrs. Charles O. Lynian wore an exquisite
gown of •.i.ck chifton sprinkled with silver
tlewdrops. The Bklrt was finished off with a
deep flounce of Chantllly lace. The cortege
was cut decollete. While roses were worn in
the hair.
Mrs. Henry J. Crocker wore an exquisite
gown of white metallic satin trimmed with a
liounce' of white applique. The corsage was
finished with a gunnpe and sleeves m. point
lace.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin wore a French gown of
gray silk covered with Chantilly lace ani
trimmed with chiffon. A dash of lavender
lent a dainty touch to the corsage.
Mrs. Th.mas H. Williams Jr. looked ex
tremely handsome in a magnificent decollete
black net town embroidered in silver.
Mrs. IV. si. I^eake wore a black and white silk
gown. The bodice, which was cut decollete,,
was of black chiffon over white silk and fin
ished off with a point lace bertha. A corsage
bouquet of orchids was worn and white point
lace butterflies were fastened in the coiffure.
Mrs. Genevieve Green Hamilton was attired
In a 1 lack jetted lace decollete gown. A
black aigrette was worn in the hair.
M'.es Mamie C. Barrett looked very charm
ing in a tan Arabian lace gown over blue silk.
the wore a blue bow fastened in the hair.
Miss Spicker was extremely pretty in a white
£ilk net gown bpangied with gold and silver
butterflies. The bodice was cut decollete and
a spangled aigrette was worn in the hair.
Miss Ruby E. Sessions was very attractive
In a creation of white Eilk trimmed with blue
chiffon and spangled lace. The corsage was
cut decollete and a white aigrette was worn
In the hair.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann's gown was a
beautiful embroidered heliotrope crepe trimmed
with flounces of . Russian guipure. An ex
. quisite opera cape of white satin edged w:th a
ruche of orange chiffon was worn with the
costume.
Mrs. H. S. Dana wore a decollete gown of
champagne colored punne moire trimmed with
cream lace and velvet insertions. Around the
bottom or the skirt was a chiffon flounce em
broidered in violets. The waist was of panne
moire and lace and studded with pearls.
Mrs. Henry Sahlein's gown was a black
Chantilly and white point applique. A collar
and sunburst of diamonds were the jewels
worn.
Miss Rose Fisher wore a decollete gown of
embroidered pray muslin trimmed with bow
knots of velvet and Isce.
Miss Hermione M. Lask looked extremely
charming in a gown of pink peau de sole ap
pliqued with yellow rcees. The skirt was fin
ished off with an accordeon-pleated flounce and
the corsage was elaborately trimmed with lace.
Pearl ornaments were worn.
Mrs. Leota M. Ranous was attired in a white
eilk gown brocaded with carnations. Her orna
ments were diamonds. »
Miss Gertrude Ettlinger wore an exquisite
gown of white silk. The skirt was elaborately
trimmed with three deep flounces of cream
lace. The corsage was composed entirely of
the lace finished off with shoulder straps of
pearls. Dashes of pink shading to cerise gave
a splendid finishing touch to the gown. .
Mrs. J. Loewe' s gown was of cloth of gold
trimmed with flounce? of white guipure lace.
Mr?. Herman Shainwald was stunning in a
canary -colored satin gown trimmed with mus
lin applique lace. The decollete corsage was
outlined with garlands of muslin flowers.
Mrs. S. Dinkelspiel was attired in an ele
gant gown or pale green velvet embroidered
with white silk flowers. The corsage was fin
ifhed off with a Venetian, point bertha. .
Miss Dollie Heynemann looked extremely
pretty in a white muslin gown embroidered in
told. The skirt was finished oft with a deep
' tulle flounce with quillings of gauze ribbon. A
knot of black Illusion lent a dainty touch to
the .decollete corsage. «* ,
Mis. Albert Gal latin wore a very handsome,
decollete gown of black spangled net and opera'
cape of ermine.
MIM Lita Gallatln wore a white liberty silk
decollete gown trimmed in white lace and*ac
cordion pleated ruffles. The cpera cape was of
white silk.
Mrs. Voorhies an exquisite eown of
black lace over black satin.
Miss Voorhies wore a very dainty gown of
pal-.- blue silk. elaborately trimmed with
duchesse lace. Her ornaments were pearls. •
Mrs. Guy T. Scott looked extremely hand
some in a pink silk town trimmed with ex
quisite point lace. Ornaments diamonds.
Mrs. Henry Payot' gown was •of black
French lace made over white taffeta and white
chiffon.
Mrs. J. J. Sullivan wore a black and white
ellk town and car* of black chiffon. Orna
ments diamonds.
Miss Elizabeth F. Sullivan was attired in
gown of white chiffon over white taffeta, ami
an opera cape of white with collar of ermine.
A white aigrette was worn in the hair.
Mies Emma G. Sullivan wore a gown of pink
chiffon ever Dink taffeta, and an opera cape
3: - There's Hope for You, f
% „ A / te , r u have orn the Dr - McLaughlln Electric Belt for a month you *'
}. «n,,Ut I ke >'°""5 Samson; you will be light-hearted, : strong- and full of "
. 'S£SSS By* iT li mI l s those back paine. headaches and dizzy spells, and will *,'
f »^itt your dally work and be Slad'you are a man among men. Come, take **
i' old "self ' aod 111 wearing it to-day, and you .will- #oon feel like your- H
','. ' . -' t , Dp. M:LflughlitTs Electric Brit '-" /j*
'• Ur *' ? N>rv^^ debility. Premature Old Age, "Come and Go" Pains," Poor ''.
. Digestion, Constipation. Kidney ami Bladder Troubles. Rheumatism, Sciati- X
. ca, Lame Back. Lumbago, Locomotqr Ataxia and Paralysis. ~l£
;| '}¦.¦-'¦'*,¦ Wou'dn't Take $100 for It. . -, y •/•:
• > r.o w t »t^«ttx- r^ „ ' Orland, Ca!., Oct. 13. 1901. f >*i*
¦ - DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I have been using one of your electric belts Just one **
T month. At the time I bought the belt my back troubled me so that I could not do a' "*
•£ nay * work without being tired to death at night. Now I can do a hard day's work. V
T My back is entirely well and I would not take $100 for my belt If I could not "get an- '*r
• other.; Vrur belt Is the best thing on earth. I will always feel grateful to you and >•
¦i- will . recommend your belt to any of my friends whom I know to be In "need of- it • •
J. Tours very truly, • jl. BAIRD. "..y
'! Free Test * want every sufferer,, man or woman, to see and test X
£ Ci-ap R<\r»L' my Belt free. Or scud for m beautiful book, giving I!
. rrcc DJOK full information, free. /-. ;;;>i."i
i* Dp M C, Mr>T 9 11 CrM in 702 Market Street, Cop. '•'-
f UV. ill. V« lYlLLrdUgixJin, Kearny and Geary, S. F. V
T .OFFICE HOURS— B a. m. to C3O p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. -
"£. ,_.; NOT-SOLrD~BY- AGENTS ; o^s DRUG . STORES. •;. ... l ; -._"" .. % .' . , X
of peari gray trimmed with chinchilla. A pink
pompon was worn in the hair.
Ittai Celia Tobin was attired in an exquis
ite gown made entirely of Irish point lace. •
Mrs. George Grant Kra?er wore a very beau
tiful sown of canary taffeta draped with cream
crepe de chine, embroidered with pale pink
moss rose bud«. The decollete corsage was of
the cream crepe and the shoulder straps were
of rosebuds. The wrau was of cream gros
grain silk, lined with pink and finished wltl<
a boa of pink rosebuds.
Mrs. George D. Toy wore a pink crepe de
chine embroidered in violets and with chiffon
trimmings.
Miss Maybelle Toy wore a white silk gown
with lace insertions. strlkinKlv outlined with
h .w knots of black velvet ribbon.
Mn-. Hedmond Payne was attired In a cream
lace town and wrap of light blue broadcloth
f -mbruidered in silver and lined with white sat
in and chiffon.
Mrs. George Ljman Colburn wore a black
velvet (town. The corsasa was trimmed with
old point lace. The opera wrap was of black
velvet and Jet.
Mi; 6 Maye Colburn wore a decollete gown of
Mack tulle, elaborately trimmed with black
velvet ribbon. A large American Beauty rose
was worn in her hair- Her opera wrap was
white satin, with heavy black and white ap
:i!iijue lace.
Mrs. Ella X totaling wore a Parisian gown
of white chiffon and Irish point lace.
Mrs. John Bermingham wore a pale yellow
repe de chine over a pale pink silk petticoat.
The gown was trimmed in cream lace and the
corsage out decollete. Tellow roses were worn
in the hair. The opera cloak was of black si.k
with collar of white ostrich feathery.
Mrs Walter E. Dean wore a very beautitul
embossed white moire gown, elaborately
trimmed with rare duchesse point lace and
pearls. The opera cloak was of blue cloth with
Oriental trimmings; ornaments diamonds.
Miss Helen Dean's gown was a very dainty
one of blue and white stripped taffeta ana
trimmed with lace and panne velvet. In her
hair Miss Dean wore a cluster of pink roses.
The opera wrap was of rose de chine cloth
with lace and cl:iffon trimmings.
Mrs Orvllle Dwight Baldwin was attired in
a vt-ry handsome white panne satin gown
trimmed with blue panne velvet. The skirt
was made en train and the corsage decollete.
Mrs. J B. Stetson wore a magnificent gown
of heliotrope panne velvet. The bodice was
cut low and richly trimmed with rose point
iace. In her hair she wore a diamond spray.
Around her neck she wore a collar of diamonds.
Mrs. William D. O'Kane was attired In a
very elegant black velvet gown over white silk.
The corsage was cut decollete and trimmed
with Jet; ornaments diamonds. With this cos
tume was worn a long black satin empire coat
lined with white satin.
Miss Mabel Clull wore a pink panne crepe
with trimmings of Russian lace, pink chiffon
and narrow black velvet.
Mif« Maud Cluff wore an Iridescent grenadine
gown over blue silk, with trimmings of
spangled roses and chiffon.
Mr« Hugo Richard Amdt was very daintily
powned in black and white silk with ruffles of
lace. Her ornaments were pearls.
Mme. Elise r'.inger wore a very handsome
black lace gown. Her ornaments were dia
monds.
Mis? Josephine Loughborough's gown was of
figured white panne crepe de chine trimmed
with lace applique.
M:?s Loughborough wore a white panne satin
dress covered with black marquise lace.
Miss Stella R Schwabacher was attired In a
white satin gown applique with pink panne
velvet flowers.
Miss Gertrude Goewey wore a dainty helio
trope crepe gown. The corsage was trimmed
with point lace and chiffon. A long opera cloak
of white silk with white fox collar completed
the costume.
Mrs. Siemund Schwabaeher's gown was of
Mack lace over yellow taffeta and trimmed
with white lace and spangles. A pearl neck
lace with diamond clasp and pendant was the
only Jewel worn.
Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler wore an elegant
pown of black spangled tulle. Her ornaments
were diamonds. The opera cloak was of black
brocade lined with ermine.
Mme. Emilia Tojettl wore a dress, of black
chantilly lace with panels of black velvet over
a tucked skirt of white silk. Velvet disks and
chiffon and Hrht blue panne finished the eds
tumt. The opera cloak was of gold brocade
and cream satin. A white aigrette was worn
in the hair.
Miss Sharon wore a very dainty gown of
white mousseline embroidered with gold span
gles and trimmed with deep flounces of
Irish point. A wreath of tiny roses was worn
in the hair. The opera cloak was of pink
panne velvet.
Mr:-. Alexander Sharon was attired in an
empire gown of white panne velvet trimmed
with Irish lace and silver spangles. The opera
cloak was of cream white satin trltrmed
with plaited chiffon.
' Mrs. William Stinson looked very iovely
in a white lace gown over white chiffon and
satin. A diamond sunburst in the hair was
the only ornament worn.
Mrs. Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel's gown was
a black point d'esprit princesse trimmed
with black point lace and pink roses.
Mr«. Maurice L. Asher wore an elegant
gown of black lace with trimmings of tur
quoise vel%-et. The corsage was cut decoliete
and studded with turquoi«e. The hair was
dressed low, with a blue feather and diamond
aigrette for ornament.
Mrs. Joseph Herrscher of San Leandro wore
a decollete gown of turquoise blue crepe
trimmed with mousseline de sole and pearls.
Ornaments, turquoise and diamonds.
Mrs. Adele Hesßer wore an imported gown
of black silk crepe through which wae woven
a gold thread. Her ornaments were dia
monds.
Mrs. D. E. Allison wore an exquisite gown
of gold-spangled white net over white silk.
Her opera coat was of white lace trimmed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
EAMES, AS THE BEAUTIFUL ELSA, WINS
HER AUDIENCE WITH OPENING NOTE
"Lohengrin" Serves as the Happy Medium for the Introduction of
New Stars and Some Former Favorites, Van Dyck, Schumann-
Heink, De Reszke and Bispham Receiving Prompt Recognition
CERTAINLY Mr. Grau has no reason to complain of the
welcome San Francisco has given to his singers this
season bo far. The Grand Opera-house was, a sight of
sights last night. Not a vacant seat anywhere to be
seen, but a flashing, glittering, colorful, cheerful crowd
of folk, there to give worthy welcome to the best the world can
Jffer in the operatic line. It was an enthusiastic house—en
thusiastic for the singers, for the opera, for the orchestra and
above all for Walter Damrosch, who was called twice before
the footlights to acknowledge the prolonged applause. Gra
cious also was the greeting 1 to Mme. Emma Eames, who made
her first appearance here as Elsa, for the opera was "Lohen
grin," and to all the favorites of last year— Van Dyck.^Schu
mann-Heink,, De Reszke and Bispham, who never sang better
than they did last night. It was a house determined to be en
thusiastic, and the keyi.ote of appreciation for the grand opera
has been struck for the year. There will be no necessity this
season for the critic to insist seven times a week that Mr.
Grau has something that is worth hearing down at the Gran-i
Opera-house. The public settled the question for themselves
last night and the opera's the thing.
I have heard better beginnings than the opening act of
"Lohengrin" last night, the general unrest and excitement of
the occasion" seeming rather to communicate itself to the sing
ers, or rather to prevent the needed "atmosphere" from mak
ing itself as quickly felt as usual.
But the performance rose to a magnificent level In the
second act, and the love > scene in the third act was adorably
beautiful. The chief interest of the evening naturally cen
tered in the appearance of Mme. Emma Eames, third of the
great Elsas who have been heard here, her rivals of last year,
Nordica the brilliant and the lovely Gadski. Eames is neither
one nor the other, but herself wholly. She has a voice that
reminds of Melba's, pure as a pearl— and as cold, I was tempted
to believe in the beginning of the evening. But later the
singer warmed to her work, and it was indeed a beautiful
maiden of Brabant that sang her song of love and doubt to
Lohengrin in the bridal chamber.
Mme. Eames' voice is almost as pure as the crystalline pure
voice of Melba, and true and fine as a bird's note. She sings
with a cool and delicate art that delights even more in the
memory than in its first hearing and acts in a gracious, grace
ful fashion. She is a beautiful woman, eminently graceful in
with cable, tails and Parma violets. Orna
ments, pearls.
MrE. H. C. Davis' gown ' was of pearl gray
silk and trimmed with quantities of- point
lace. Her ornaments were diamonds. •-"
Mrs. Ludwlg j Schwabacher was attired in a.
beautiful gown of- black chitlon embroidered
with panne velvet. Her Jewels were pearls
and diamonds. • Her opera wrap was of black
velvet with a flaring collar of duchesse point
lace. . ; :. . ¦ ¦¦'/> .
Baroness yon Meyerinck wore a Nile green
brocaded gown trimmed .' with point lace.
Miss Maryan Andrews was attired In a very
handsome gown or smoked white chiffon, ap
pllqued in pale pink roses. • The gown was
made princesse, fitting well Into the figure and
flaring at the bottom. The skirt ' was finished
with a billowy flounce of chiffon, edged with
pink. Ihe ¦ opera . cloak was of cream cloth
trimmed with mink | and chiffon. , .
Mrs. W. H. Patton Jr. wore a very elegant
grown of pink crepe de chine trimmed with
panne velvet of a darker shade. , '. • ' •
Airs. Isaac Hecht wore an elegant black
satin gown,' trimmed with exquisite white
point de. Venice. - Ornaments, diamonds and
pearls. '*<¦ ~ ¦" . . .
Mrs. J. D. Center wore a very elegant gown
of pale creen. satin, trimmed with rare old
lace. • ¦ ¦ ' ' •¦- ¦•.'-.: :¦ -;.-- V '• ¦¦ • -.'. <i
Mis. Dr. Rothschild ; wore • a very elegant
black tulle gown, spangled in jet and silver,
made Over a petticoat of white 1 silk. . A whit's
lace opera .coat was worn with this gown. ;;¦¦¦•
- Mrs. Pawlicki's sown waa of A black and
white striped ;' silk. . The corsage was trimmed
with . rose. pink oanne velvet and point lace.
Diamond ornaments were worn with this gown
and the hair dressed high with a black and
silver aisrette. ' ' . , ¦'¦¦.- ':''^»U l
Miss Hay Dannenbaum wore a very I pretty
gown of white etamlne over white silk. - ¦-.•
Miss Adele Caglteri wore a very dainty gown
of pale green 'crepe made over a foundation of
white silk. The gown was elaborately trimmed
with duch«Bse lace. Dashes of black . gave a
decidedly -French touch to the pretty gown.
The opera coat worn with thts "gown | was of
tan cloth, trimmed in sable and point lace.
Mrs.- Edward B. Young was attired In a
superb gown of cream colored satin. The skirt
was trimmed with panels of Venetian lace and
chiffon frills of a deeper shade than the satin.
The bodice was cut decollete and made entirely
of the lace and exquisite embroidery.
Mrs. Leon Kauffman wore an exquisite white
lace gown. Her opera cloak was of pearl gray
brocade and trimmed with point lace.
Mrs. Samuel M. . Shortridge looked extremely
lovely in a handsome decollete white chiffon
gown embroidered in gold. Her ornaments
were pearls.
Miss Maud Smith wore a dainty pale . blue
crepe gown trimmed with duchesse lace. Her
ornaments were pearls and diamonds.
Mrs. George Law Smith was attired In a
gown "of mauve satin, with ¦an overdress of
point lace. Her ornaments were diamonds. -
Miss Eleanor Connell wore a very dainty
gown of fawn-colored moussellne de sole over
a petticoat -of pink satin. The skirt was
trimmed with fine plaitings of fawn-colored
silk. The corsage was fashioned of pink chif
fon and trimmed with ecru lace. ¦A.-h uge
bunch of violets pinned to the corsage gave a
charming finishing effect to the whole. ¦ ¦-. :
Mrs. W. A. ¦ Kevins wore a magnificent gown
of white Venetian point made over a founda
tion of white satin. Her opera cloak was of
white satin lined with ermine. With this cos
tume Mrs. Nevills wore a diamond necklace
and a diamond sunburst which was fastened in
the coiffure. ¦ . , - .
' Mrs. S. W. Ehrman was attired in a magnifi
cent white lace gown an spangled In gold.
Her ornaments were diamonds.
Mrs. Gertrude Cowles . looked extremely hand
some in a black tulle gown all aglitter with
silver, worn over a foundation .of white silk.
She . wore diamond ornaments and a white
aigrette in her hair.
Miss Nellie A. "Glynn wore a beautiful pastele
blue brocaded gown with point lace trimmings.
Ornaments, diamonds. . - ; . .  .
Miss Louise A. Glynn wore a very becoming
gown of pink silk trimmed with chiffon. Orna
ments, pearls. . • . r ' '- . . . •
Mrs. Simon Donau was attired In a very
handsome black . velvet gown trimmed with
point lace. Ornaments, diamonds. .
Mrs. . Albert Steinfeld wore an elegant gown
of. pale blue silk trimmed with duchesse lace.
Ornaments, diamonds. ._.- .
Mrs. Marvin R. . Hlggins wore a light tur
quoise blue crepe de chine with cream lace
trimmings. ' -, ¦¦¦ ' ,  ¦.
Mrs. Lewis Phillips wore a handsome white
satin gown, embroidered In. pearls. ; .
Mrs. J. C. • Kirkpatrick wore a very handsome
white satin gown, trimmed ; : with chiffon
flounces and lace. " , .' , • \: •
Mrs. C. Van Gulpen wore a very elegant gown
of pale lavender satin, trimmed in lace.
. Mrs. Frank Griffin looked • very handsome- In
a magnificent white chiffon gown, embroidered
in pink. ¦ . ¦ •¦- • :. , ¦
Miss Olive Holbrook wore a pale pink satin
gown, trimmed with white lace. -¦¦¦ ¦ '
Miss Elmore was attired in a turquoise blue
chiffon, trimmed •in white lace.
Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann wore an elegant black
lace sown. - : . - ¦ , -
Mrs. K. Plschel was attired In a rich brown
silk gown, trimmed with pale blue velvet. ¦
¦ Miss Muriel Steele was stunning In a cream
lace robe over pale blue silk. ¦ ¦ -. ¦•'
Mrs. M. A. Phlpps wore a very: pretty gown
of black- point :d' esprit' over white, l ...... .
Mrs. Daniel Drysdale was attired in a hand
some white satin gown with lace trimmings.
. Mrs. A. S. Tubbs was dressed in a white
satin gown, trimmed with quantities of point
lace. • •.--.-.•
Miss Jennie ' Blair looked very handsome in
a black net gown, spangled In Jet. •
Miss Polly Dunn looked charming; In a pink
chiffon gown, trimmed . with ¦ countless tiny
chiffon ruffles. .•' :'¦&&!&&&&*--¦'
¦ Mrs. . Frank Bermingham wore a handsome
black net decollete gown. .' . w .
Mrs. . James Stewart was ' attired .In : a white
silk gown with yoke and sleeves of lace. ; : *„•_;
. Miss Azalia Keyes looked radiant In a bright
¦ red chiffon gown. >¦ •¦ .* ' : . ¦ -.- - .-. r• • • -
Miss Margaret Salisbury was . becomingly at
tired-in a bright red chiffon over red silk. •¦'•¦•
Mrs. Henry T. Scott wore a magnificent white
lace gown without a bit of relieving color.
. Miss Jeanette > Hooper looked - extremely' well
in a pale blue silk, gown, : trimmed ' with ¦ lace
and chiffon. . -, • ••
Miss Elsa Cook wore a "dainty pink chiffon
gown, trimmed with , lace. • -.'.:- ¦-. . 
. Mrs. Maurice Casey wore a very elegant gown
of black net. • all spangled ; in : silver. >-^
Miss Anna Head was attired In a very, pretty
white satin , gown, trimmed : with lace and
chiffon. ,¦• - '",-¦',. : -;¦-.•;•, -¦'..- -
¦' .... Mrs. Ira ; Pierce wore a magnificent white
satin ¦ (town, ¦' cut •; decollete and. trimmed with
exquisite duchesse lace. , V \ '. ¦ ', :. •,
• , Mrs. George , Carr looked extremely well ¦in
a white silk - gown - that '¦ wag - trimmed with
quantities of lace that has Just begun to yellow
with age. • *-¦"_,:-. .
. Mrs. W. F. Herrin wore a handsome black
tulle gown,'- trimmed with Jet 'and lace. •¦-• .
, Mrs. Frank A. Vail was • attired in a pink
Beau de sole with an overdress of Rennals
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
movement and her costumes, designed by Ijer husband. Julian
Story, are garments set to music.
Van Dyck, usually a little cold as he first comes upon the
stage, last night immediately gripped his audience. His Lohen
grin of last year is well remembered, every note of it, but he
can do, is doing better work this year. His voice is in excel
lent shape, clear, noble, round, as we have before known it.
and his virile actUig of the part reminds anew that he is one
of the very few p*ect singers who can act as well as sing. He
looks the Silver Knight so royally, too, like one of the quaint
young dreams that flew away when the fairies vanished out of
one's life, since when the world has never seemed quite the
same place. Altogether Van Dyck is one of the most satisfy
ing and brilliant ligures of the season.
Another who satisfies completely is that luscious, vital
singer, Schumann-HeMnk, whose Ortrud is a magnificently im
passioned effort. All through the long first scene she stands
silent, every line of her figure breathing her mimic hatred
for the maid of Brabant, helpless seeming, before her. Then
come the few wonderful, glowing notes at the end, and with
them a splash of warm gold through the web of sound the or
chestra and chorus are weaving. Schumann-Heink's voice just
•'hits you where you live"— to put the teeling into prose; it is
so full of richness, life, warmth, tfhe is a compelling creature;
one must look at her, feel with her, follow her all the time she
is en the state, and miss her when she goes
Ortrud is her best part, so far as I know her repertoire,
but one could hear it every night in the week and still wait
breathlessly for those thrilling, warm-blooded notes of hers.
Schumann-Heink has a new gown, too, in the wedding scene,
second act, and I don't like it. Against the pearly- grace of
Mr. Story's designs the somewhat garish splendor of Ortruds
festal gown comes off badly. It is a ridiculously small mat
ter, of course, but such things do count in the picture.
De Reszke was the king of the evening. His voice also is
as noble as ever and his splendid figure adds a royal grace to
the picture.
Mr. Bispham's Telramund was quite up to his conception
of last year, his acting as careful and distinguished and his vi
brant voice as well and dramatically used. Mr. Muhlmann was
the herald to admiration, and the orchestra and chorus was
amply satisfying. To-night "Les Huguenots," with an all
star cast, will be given, and we are thus fairly and gloriously
launched into the grand opera season.
, sance lace. Her ornaments were corals and
diamonds.
Miss Herrin looked extremely pretty In a
white tulle gown, spangled in silver.
Princess Poniatowaki wore a magnificent
dress of white silk, elaborately trimmed with
tlounces of duchess lace.
Miss Ruth McNutt was very pretty in a pink
satin gown, trimmed with pink chiffon and
lace.
Miss Joseph wore a very handsome pink
satin gown, with black lace insertions.
Mrs. Sylvian Salomon wore a magnificent
gown of black lace, trimmed in Jet.
Mrs. A. Roos was attired in a very hand
some gown of white lace, spangled In gold,
worn over a yellow silk loundation.
Miss Carrie 'Taylor looked very pretty in a
dainty white satin gown, trimmed with lace.
Mrs. Joseph Austin was elegantly gowned In
black net, all spangled In silver. Her hair
was dressed high with diamond ornaments.
Mrs. H. Morgan wore a very handsome gown
of black jet. Her ornaments were rubies and
¦ diamonds.
| Mrs. Sam L. Naphthaly wore a dress of t'ur-
I quoise blue crepe, embroidered with silver
spangles. Her wrap was "of black cloth with
a high ermine collar and ermine reveres.
Mrs. C. S. Laumeister wore a black lace gown
embroidered in pink roses made over a white
satin foundation. Her wrap was of pink chif
fon. Her hair was worn high with diamond
ornaments.
Mia§ Mac Mahoney wore a pink silk crepe de
chine decollete gown, elaborately trimmed with
old lace. Hfcr opera coat was of (kn cloth, lined
with pink pfenne velvet.
Mrs. Maurice Casey was magnificently at
tired In a Viennese Costume ot black lace, em
- broidered In Lyonaise jet.
Miss Katherine Dillon wore a very handsome
Vienna gown of white embroidered chiffon,
trimmed with lace.
Mrs. de Young wore a white gauze Panuin
gown, trimmed with gold passementerie tulle.
Miss de Younc was attired tri a Paquin crea
tion of white chiffon, embroidered in white
satin roses and pale green foliage.
Mrs. Oscar Ixmg had on a handsome gown of
white net, embroidered with iri3 and trimmed
with old Chantilly lace. Her ornaments were
diamonds.
Miss India Willis Scott wore a very beautiful
pink satin gown, elaborately trimmed with tiny
pink ruffles and pink roses. Her long white
satin coat was trimmed with white lace and
finished off with a bunch of pink roses at the
• neck.
Mrs. William Willis wore an exquisite cos
tume of white lace, appllqued with black vel
vet and pearls. The bodice was cut low and
the sleeves were transparent. A long coat of
white panne velvet with appliqued flowers and
a high collar of rare lace was worn with this
costume. Ornaments diamonds and pearls.
Mrs. William Cluff wore a white crepe gown,
trimmed with yellow roses.
Mrs. J. P. Martin was attired in an ex
quisite gown of lavender crepe de chine, em
broidered in raised panne velvet flowers.
Mrs. E. Leach's gown was of white duchesse
satin, embossed in black and embroidered in
black velvet. The corsage was finished oft
with a hand-painted yoke and there were in
sertions of yellow lace on the skirt and waist
that lent a delightful finishing touch to the
costume.
Mrs. William Bourne looked extremely
charming in a white and blue silk gown,
trimmed with blue chiffon and white lace.
Mrs. M. MyerTeld wore a white silk gown,
brocaded in a gray and black feather pattern.
The skirt was made en train and finished with
a deep flounce of white lace appliqued with
black lace butterflies.
Mrs. W. E. Dargie wore an exquisite gown
of white satin, trimmed with flounces of chif
fon and lace.
Mrs. William Madden was attired in a dainty
gown of black point d'esprit over white silk.
Mrs. S. Fleischaker was attired in an ele
gant black velvet gown, trimmed with Chan
tilly.
Mrs. William Wilson wore a very elegant
black velvet gown with a point lace bertha.
Miss Bertha Dolbeer looked extremely hand
some in a heliotrope barege chiffon that was
trimmed with lace insertions.
Mrs. A. Stahl's gown was an exquisite crea
tion of white crepe de chine. The skirt was
covered with fillet lace and the decollete cor
sage was elaborately trimmed with chiffon.
Mrs. Sam Knight was attired in a magnificent
blue turquoise velvet gown. The skirt was
trimmed with lace Insertion and finished with
a very full flounce of chiffon and lace. The
corsage was cut decollete and elaborately
trimmed with lace.
Mrs. Joseph Donohoe wore a very elegant
white tulle gown, with black jet trimmings.
Miss Tillle Feldman looked very stunning In
white chiffon and white -lace.
Miss Harrington was very attractive In a
black tulle decollete gown, trimmed with Jet
and lace.
Mrs. Nichols wore a very elegant black bro
caded silk gown, with a bertha of exquisite
point lace.
Miss Nichols looked very charming In a
dainty gown of pale blue chiffon, trimmed in
lace.
Mrs. James Flood wore an elegant gown of
white satin, elaborately trimmed with lace.
She wore a diamond tiara in her hair and a
collar of diamonds around her neck.
Mlbs Jennie Flood wore an elegant black
velvet gown, trimmed with black lace.
Mlsb Sallie Maynard's gown was a pink chif
fon, trimmed with exquisite lace.
Mrs. Hall McAllister looked extremely pretty
in a pale blue chlflon, trimmed with black jet.
Mrs. Will Taylor wore a very beautiful pale
blue chiffon gown, trimmed with chiffon
flounces and lace.
Miss Georgie Hopkins wore a very elegant
pink chiffon, trimmed with lace.
Miss Frances Hopkins was very beautiful in
a white chiffon gown, trimmed with tiny
flounces of lace.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst wore a very elegant
gown of red velvet, trimmed with white lace.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury wore a very hand
some tan silk gown, trimmed with elegant
duchess lace. •
Miss Jennie de la Montanya looked extremely
charming In a pink satin gown,, trimmed with
chiffon and white lace.
Mrs. Louis Sloss wore an exquisite black lace
gown, embroidered In jet.
Mrs. Winthrop E. Lester* a . gown was a pale
blue brocaded silk, trimmed with chiffon and
lace.
Mrs. S. D. Dorn. who has Just returned from
Paris, appeared in a vyy beautiful spangled
net town over white silk.
Mrs. Taylor was in a gray brocaded satin
trimmed with white lace.
Mrs. F. L. Whitney wore a very elegant
pink satin Kown elaborately trimmed with
lare. Her long wrap was of white ermine.
Miss Grace Whitney looked very charming
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
lE. "W. Grove's signature is cs each box. 25c. •
In a white point d'esprit gown spangled in sil
ver.
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen wore a very elegant
black lace gown trimmed with chiffon Jet.
Mrs. Georse R. Wells' gown was of ex
quisite black lace with jet trimmings.
Miss Marie Wells looked extremely pretty in
a dainty white chiffon gown trimmed with
white lace.
Mrs. Charles Ztnkand wore a very elegant
white lace gown.
Mrs. E. Heller was attired in a white lace
gown trimmed with pink roses.
Mrs. Gus Taylor looked superb in a palo
blue brocaded chiffon gown trimmed with
white, lace and chiffon.
Miss Fannie Fetridge wore a black lace gown
trimmed with green velvet bow knots.
Mrs. Beverly MacMonagie wore a very elegant
white chiffon gown trimmed with lace and pink
roses.
Mrs. Harry W, Moroaco was attired in a
decollete .gown, of black net glittering with
jet spangles.
Mrs. Walter Martin looked stunning In a
black net je,t spangled gown trimmed with
white lace.
Mrs. Kaspar Pischel wore a very pretty
brown silk gown trimmed with pale blue vel
vet.
Miss Viola Raphael wore an exquisite gown
of white satin trimmed with chiffon and white
lace.
Mrs. Linda Bryan looked extremely attract
ive In an exquisite gown of pink pina cloth
over pink silk and trimmed with insertion of
rare old lace.
Mrs. Sylvaln Welll wore a very elegant gown
of pale gray crepe with a bertha of duchess
lace.
Miss Ida Son wore a dainty gown of white
point d'esprit embroidered In silver spangles.
Mrl. J. Parker Currier wore an exquisite
creation of white satin and lace. The skirt was
of the white satin with an over dress of black
Chantilly. The corsage was of white satin
elaborately trimmed with pink panne velvet
and Chanttlly lace. With this gown was worn
a black silk wrap lined with pink. Ornaments
pearls.
Mrs. Edmund S. Ciprico wore a decollete
gown of black and white silk trimmed with
white lace.
LOVERS OF OPERA THRONG
GRILL ROOMS AT PALACE
Handsomely Gowned Women and
Conventionally Clad Men Oc
cupy the Decorated Tables.
The Palace Hotel was the Mecca of the
first nighters after the close of the Mis
sion street theater last night. For fully
an hour after the Grand Opera-house had
closed handsomely gowned women and
men attired in the conventional evening
dress poured Into the grill of the big
hotel and at midnight the ladies' grill
and the court, where numerous tables had
been laid in advance, presented a scene
that would have pleased the heart of
Maurice Grau. Surrounding every table
were faces that expressed delight— not the
delight due to a full stomach, but the
delight that only an evening spent amid
pleasurable sounds such as only the oper
atic first night could produce.
There were more than sixty different
supper parties at the Palace and each host
or hostess had from two to twelve guests.
Those who were present, with the number
of people they entertained, are as follows:
Mr. Ackerman and party of four; Mrs.
Baker and party of four; Mrs. Brent and par
ty of four; Mrs. Judge Campbell and party
of seven; Mrs. G. D. Carr and party of four;
Mr. M. Casey and party of seven; George D.
Collins 'and party of three; Mrs. Kreling and
party of five; Mr. Cluff and party of five;
Mr. Dunnlgan and party of four: Mr. Drys
dale and party of six; Mr. Dorn and party of
three; Mrs. Colonel Eddy and party ot six;
Mrs. Ehrman and party of three: Miss Ett
linger and party of four; Mr. Eppinger and
party of six; Miss Jennie Flood and party of
seven: Mr. W. S. Fulton and party of four;
Mr. Folger and party of six; Mrs. Goodman
and Mrs. Mudget and party of three; Mrs.
Greenbaum and fcarty of six- Mrs. M. Gerstle
an-* party of four; Mr. Holbrook and party of
eight; Mr. Helneman and party of four; Mr.
Georpe Heller and party of six; Mr. G«>orge
Hendry and party of three; John Kirkpat
rick and party of four; Jake Kahn and party
of four; H. Kell and party of four; Jules
Levy and party of four; Mrs. W. S. Leake
and party of six; Mrs. Lowe and party of
heven; Mr. McCormick and party of six;
Mrs. Mack and party of five; Mr. M. Meyer
feld and party of two; Mr. Walter Martin
and party of four; Mrs. Eleanor Martin and
party of four; Mr. S. A. Moore and party of
four; *Mr. F. Newlands and party of eight;
Mr. Phlpps and party of two; Mr. Henry
Payot and party of four; James D
Phelan and party of four; Mr. Rochat and
party of six; Mr. A. Roos and party of sev
en; Mrs. Rosenstock and party of three; Mrs.
James Robinson and party of four: Mr. Ros
enfeld and party of six; Mr. Rothschild and
rarty of four; Judge Sloss and party of two-
Mr Salts and party of four; Mr. Strassber
ger and party of six; Mr. H. Shalnwali and
party of two; J. D. Spreekela and party of
six; Mr. Joseph Tobln and party of
six: Dr. Harry Tevis and party of four; Mrs
J. Walters anil party of six: C. J. Wetmore
and party of two; Mr. Wilson and partj of
two; Mrs. Whlttell and party of two-
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and party of six;
Thomas Williams and party of four; M H*
de Young an>l party of six.
Must Answer to Serious Charge.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 11.— E. Coy was ar
rested here to-day on complaint of Dr. C
E. Case of the local Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. Coy is
charged with a serious crime, the alleged
victim being his 18-year-old stepdaugh
ter. Delphina Tunzy. Bail was fixed at
$2000.
Piles- Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Files.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where it fails to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how long standing.
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst
cases In fourteen days. One application {rives
ease and rest. Relieves itching instantly. This
is a new discovery, and is the only pile rem
edy sold on a positive guarantee, no cure no
pay. A free sample will be sent by mall to
any one sending their name and address.
Pr.ice, 50c. If your druggist don't kee^ it in
stock send 50c in stamps and we will forward
a* full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
BRILLIANT AUDIENCE
GATHERS AT OPERA
Votaries of Fashion and Representatives of
Commerce and Learned Professions FBI
the Opera-House to Its Utmost Limits
Continued From Page One.
ing came to seek inspiration from the
melodious strains that lor hours flooded
the large theater.
. Beautiful Gowns Displayed.
The many hundreds of superbly gowned
women were the feature of the first nigat
of the present opera season. One of tn-2
staff ot Impresario Grail In commentir.o
on the audience said: '„
"New York itself could not show more
beautiful women or more rich dresses.
For an hour the procession of arrivals
continued, and when Director Walter
Damrosch swung his baton and. the large
orchestra broke Into the glowing strains
of the 'Lohengrin" overture the tneate.
was almost tilled and presented a " X ;
ing appearance. The somber-hued garb or
• the men served to accentuate the rich col
ors of feminine dress. Outer wraps that
had hidden the gowns on entering tni
theater had been removed, and the crea
tions of the modistes were displayed in
all their wealth. — .
Row upon row and tier upon tier showed
every variety of color In silks and satin.
The glow of electric lights was caught
by thousands of priceless gems that glis
tened on the arms and necks of the fair
wearers. In every direction in the big
theater the eye was dazzled by the kalied
oscopic hues of gowns and the flashing of
jewels, displayed as a tribute to the vo
taries of song, who last night made their
bow to a San Francisco audience.
Triumph of Mme. Emma Eamei.
The "Lohengrin" overture was lis
tened to attentively, and there was but
little of conversation that usually is heard
at a fashionable gathering on a grand
opera opening night.
Mme. Emma Eames won instant recog
nition as Elsa, and she charmed her audi
ence completely. The rest of the cast was
heard last season, but Mme. Eames scored
a triumph. When the curtain went down
on the first act the entire cast was re
called many times, and a thunder of ap
plause greeted the singers. Shouts of
"bravo!" filled the air, and men and
women vied In greeting the artists. Di
rector Damrosch was called to ( the stage
and shared in the ovation.
Between the acts the lobby and foyer
were crowded by hundreds of the mem
bers of the audience. Visits were paid to
friends in the boxes, and the topic of dis
cussion was the success of the singers.
Each act of the opera was heard with
rapt attention, and when the last note had
sounded and the performance ended the
audience dispersed. Many suppers were
given at fashionable resorts, and at an
early hour this morning society was
whirled homeward to dream later on of
the gala opening of the grand opera sea
son.
An extra detail of firemen was sent to
the opera-house by Chief Sullivan, and
with the police officers watched alertly
over the safety of the audience.
San Francisco placed itself on record
last night and gave to the grand opera
company as distinguished and brilliant an
audience as it could desire. .
The boxes were occupied by the follow
ing named: v^--? v
Proscenium box — Left: Princess Ponla
towski Richard M. Tobin, Miss McNutt, Mr.
Holt, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobln.__
Proscenium box 2— Left: Mrs. Genevleve
Hamilton, Miss Mamie C. Barrett. Miss Geor
gie Speiker, Miss Ruby Sessions, Mr. and Mrs.
W. S. Leake.
Box 3— Left: Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Folger, Miss
Dillon, S. B. McKeo and H. S. Frye.
Box Left: Mrs. George _W. Reed. Miss
Viola Jacobs, E. J. Bowes and Harry Hall
CosgrifT.
Box* s— Left: Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Bishop.
Proscenium box I—Right:1 — Right: Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Grau and M. Goldsmith.
Proscenium box 2— Right: Mr. and Mrs. J.
L. Flood and party.
Box 3— Right: Mr. and Mrs. Fred S. Knight.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Knight, Mrs. J. A.
Lewandowski.
( Box Right: Mr. and Mrs. Hall McAllister,
Miss Frances Fetrldge.
Box 6— Right: Mr. ana Mrs. Joseph God
chaux. Mr. and Mrs. Sylvan Salomon and
Edmond Godchaux. .
Those present in addition to the box
parties were:
' A. Abrahams, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Acker
man. Sigmund Ackerman. S. Ackerman, Leo
Alexander, Michael Alexander, Mr. and Mrs.
Hugo Arnold, Mr. and Mrs. William Alvord.
Charles Brandenstein, Miss Linda H. Bryan,
Miss Blum. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur F. Barnard.
Mr. and Mrs.- Bocqueraz, Leon Blum, Mrs.
Linda H. Bryan, Mies Alice Bachman, Mr. and
Mrs. L. S. Bachman, Miss Blanche Bachman,
Mr. and Mrs. Bachman, Misses Barnard, A.
T. Barnet, Mr. and Mrs. A. Baur, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Birmingham, Alfred Bower, Alfred
Bouvier, Miss Helen Braemer, Mr. and Mrs.
William Braemer, Joseph Bren. Mr. and Mrs.
G. Brodek. Milton Braemer.- Miss Dora Brown.
Mies Lada Brown. Miss Burns, Daniel Burns,
Mr. and Mrs. Naglee Burke. '
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey, Dr. Guide
Caglieri, Miss Campbell, J. C. Campbell, Mrs.
S. Clayburgh. Miss Kate Clement, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert L. Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Carey, Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn, Mr. and
Mrs. Coffin, Miss Daisy Conn Dr. and Mrs.
Robert D. Cohn, Armand Cailleau, Morton L.
Cook, Miss Julie Cotte, Harry Cosgrlf, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett, Mr. and Mrs.
Crawford. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Crawford, - Miss
Mabel Craft, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker,
Miss Callahan, Major Cornwall. Miss Ida Cal
laghan. Miss Elizabeth Chapman, Mrs. Jeanne
D. Center. John Caffrey. G. E. Claxton, Mr.
and Mrs. J .Parker Currier, Paul Cowles, Mar
ion D. Cohn, Miss Maud duff. Miss Mabel
Cluff.
Mr. and Mrs. Dana. Mrs. George Davis. Ho
mer Davenport, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Samuel Dinkelspiel. M. Dinkelpsiel, Mr. and
Mrs. Emile Dinkelspiel, John Donegan, Mr.
and Mrs. Dorn, Hon. F. H. Dunne. Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann, ' Mrs. W. E. s Dargie,
W. E. Dargie Jr., Mr. and Simon Donau.
. Dr. O. Eastland, Noble Eaton, J. Eber, Miss
Pearl Elklns, Joseph Eppinger, Miss Eppinger.
Sanford Feigenbaum, Mr. and Mrs. R.
Fleishacker, Mrs. Louis Fichter, Mr. and Mrs.
"William P. Fuller. Miss Tillle Feldman. Mr
and Mrs. Gregor Grant Fraser.
Mrs. Louis Gassner, Miss J. Gailbraith. Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Garrett, Porter Garnet Al
bert Getz, Mark Gerstle. Mr. and Mrs W. D.
K. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Goldberg, J.
Gottlob. John P. Goyenelx. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Goodwin. Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Greene.
Charles Greenwald, Donald de V. Graham, En
rico Grau, Mr. and Mrs. Greenwald, Mr. and
Mrs. Mose Gunst, Frederick S. Greenlee. Mr
and Mrs. Girvln, Dr. A. H. Glannlni, William
Greenbaum.
Sir Henry Heyman, Mr. and Mrs. Horace P
Howard, Olive Holbrook, Harry Holbrook, Miss
Georgie Hopkins, Mrs. Phebe Hearst, E. W
Hopkins, Mrs. Henry of Cincinnati, William
D. Harrison, Joseph Howell, Mr. and Mrs
Walter S. Hobart. Colonel and Mrs M H
Hecht, Miss Howell. Mr. and Mrs. Herman
Heynemann, Miss Dorothy Heynemann Mr
and Mrs. G. Held^of New York. Mr. and Mrs'
Dan Honig, Miss Ethel Hawker. Miss Hol
brook. Miss Herrin. -Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Her
rin, Mr. and Mrs. Hastings, S. Homer Hen
ley, Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Heilman Jr., Mr and
Mrs. I. W. Heilman Sr., Mr. and Mrs. E. W
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Hamilton Miss
Heynemann, Dr. A. J. Hennlker, Dr. S. Hertz
stein, Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Heller O H
HoagJr.. Jed J. Hoaar. Charles C. Hoag.
- Miss E. Joseph, Miss Nellie Joseph Miss*.
Joseph. F. M. Jones. : .-, . J * laßea
W. S. Keys. Mr. and Mrs. Kittle. Mr and
Mrs. J. C. Klrkpatrlck, Mrs. Charles Keener
Dr. and Mrs. Keeney, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Knight. Mr. and Mrs. W. Kllnger. Addison
Day Kelley of Chicago, Mr. and Mrs. Kellor*
Louis Kleinhaus. Mr. and Mrs. Leon Kauff
man. Dr. Knorp, Mr. and Mrs. George A
Knight, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Knight. .
Mr. and Mrs. Solomon Lichtenstein. Mr an.»
Mrs E.A. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. P.. H Living
ston. Miss Marion Leventritt, Benjamin La"
throp, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Loewe Harris
Las*." Miss Cella Lewison. Mr. and Mrs 1.7/
Mr. and Mrs. L. Eugene Lea. Louis Lask Mi«
Frances Louise Lask. Miss Hermione M. Lask
Mr. and Mrs. William Madden. Dr H R a*
Marville, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Mazee lria^u
Mitchell. Mrs. I. Magnln. I. Masnin p«er Mm
tin. Mr. and Mrs. Morrisey, Lansing Mlzner
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Magee-. James H MoflStt'-
Fred Myrtle. Dr B. F. McElroy. Melvn Marks'
Mr. and Mrs. - Morris • Meyerfeld. Mrs fw» v, '
Mackrett Mr and Mrs. Harry Morse?' M^and
Mrs. A. Michelettl. Charles Moraghan L^uia
Metzger Dr. Morris. Mr. . and Mrs Alec Mn
risen. MY. and Mr*. Walter Martin Ml« cia r "
Miller, A. J. Moore, Captain and Mrs v {?.,
trick. Mrs. E. O. McCormlck. Mr and Mr
Mclntosh. Dr. and Mrs. MacMonagie Mr «n*
Mrs. Hall McAllister. Mr. and Mr¥ McCuSS.
en. . WiUtam^MoLalne. Colonel and Mrs w"
McFarlane. Gavin McNab. Miss LI111«M»,,
Knox Maddox. William Moose" •Jr - j^^t
Manner, Mrs. Eleanor Martin 7 " ' Jose n
Right Rev. W. F. Nichols Con«rresam*Ti .m
Mrs. Frank Newlands, Mr. and aS?sSaffl
Newman, Dr. Newman, Miss Newbauer, H. W.
Newbauer. Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Newbauer.
Mrs. Belle Oppenheimer. Mr. and Mrs. Fre
mont Older. Noll Prlngle, Miss O. Proll. Mlsa
C S. Pope, Noll Pringle, Miss G. Proll, Mlas
Georste .Foultney. Dr. and Mrs. Kaspar
Pischel. G. W. Pope. Miss E. Pincua,
Ralph Pincus. Dr. and Mrs. Redmond Payne.
Hon. J. D. Phelan, Mrs. R. Partington, Orrln
Peck. Miss Blanche Partington, Horace Platt,
Mrs. Horace Pillsbury. E. S. Plllsbury. Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Phillips. Edward E. Potter.
Edward Peixotto Ellis Parrish. Miss Kathcr- -m
Ine Plover. r
Richard Quarg. - _ ; _ *
Archie Rice, Peter Robertson, L. L. Roos,
Major G. Rathbone. Mr. and Mrs. S. D. Roth
child, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock. Mr.
and Mrs. H. Rothschild. Miss Viola Raphael.
Mrs. M. A B. Rice, Mr. and Mrs. Baas. Mr
and Mrs Achille Roos. Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
Roos, Mrs. Lester M. Ranous, Mr. - and Mrs.
E O. Reiser J. L. Rathbone, Leon Roos, \al.
Ritchie. „
Ashton Stevens. Stella Schwabacher, Mr. and
Mrs. John D. Spreckels. Helen Schwabacher.
Max Schwabacher. Gertie Strassberger. Miss
Delia Strassberger, Mr. and Mrs. I. Strassber
ger. B. Samuels. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Stark.
Charles Samuels, Professor Paul Stelndorff.
Ml»s Schroeder, Mr. and Mrs. Shalnwald. Dr.
J. Stern. J. Sonnta*. General W. R. Shafter.
Judge Seawell, Miss Lillie Spreckels. Mis*
Grace Spreckels. Arthur Spear. Dr. J. Coplin
Stlnson. Mrs. Kate Saulsbury. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. Mr. and Airs. Isidore Schwartz.
Mr. arid Mrs. Leon Sloss, T. Stanley, John L.
Stanley, W. Simmonrls, Minna Schwabacher.
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
M. Shortridge, Mr. and lira. Sloss, Hon. ana
Mrs Louis Sloss, Mr. and Mrs. Vanderlyti
Stow James P. Sweeney. Miss Mary Smith.
Joseph Salinger, Mr. and Mrs. Ludwis
Schwabacher, Mrs. Albert Steinfeld. A. A.
Son. Colonel H. P. Sonntag. Harry B. Stetson.
Misses Son, Dan d'Alma Sells.
Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor. Dr. William M.
Trycn, Mr. and Mrs. Gus Taylor, Joseph S.
Tobln. Richard Tobin, E. Tobin, Mr. and Mrs.
Thornton.
Charles Ulrich.
Frank Vail, Miss yon Schmidt, Dr. P. da
Vecchi. T. C. Van Ness.
Charles Woerner, Leopold "Weil. Miss Alice
"Weil. Dr. and Mrs. 'Whitney. Robert M. Welch, •
L. Weil. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Williams. Dr.
and Mrs. Whitney. Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
Wilson. David Wise.
Mr. and Mrs. Zinkand. Mr. and Mrs. Ludwig %
Zobel. .^T
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
IN OIL LANDS DEAL
Former Receiver of Visalia Land
Office and a Sakersfield
Printer Indicted.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 11.— E. A. Pu«9
chel of this city, formerly receiver of th«
United States Land Office at Visalia, ha«
been indicted by the Federal Grand Jury,
now sitting at Fresno, for conspiracy in
connection with the affidavits regarding
the character of the land of the Kern
River oil district. Frederick G. Maid, a
printer here and formerly in Pueschel'3
employ, has been indicted for perjury on
two separate counts. The bail in each
instance has been fixed at 15000.
The Grand Jury in Los Angeles a year
ago indicted both men on the same
charges, but the indictments were subse
quently quashed on the ground that the
Grand Jury sitting at that point had no
jurisdiction. A reinvestigation by the
Federal body at Fresno resulted in simi
lar charges being brought. The warrants
were served this evening.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.-The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco^ — W. Barnett. at the Park Ave
nue; L* J. Meaney. at the Hoffman; C. J.
Bauer, E. W. Jackson, L. Grosenthal, at
the Imperial: G. K. Cummings, H. C.
Minton and wife, at the Murray Hill; F.
Jacobi, at the Netherland; A. Martin, at
the Astor; N. D. Morton, at the Morton.
W. D. Noble, at the Raleigh; J. C. Quinn,
at the Delavan; R. P. Rithet. at tlw Hoi
land; W. H. Seaman, at the Grand Union.
Frcm Los Angeles— G. A. Cheney, at the
Grand; O. P. Pcsey and wife, at the Man
hattan; E. W. Potter, at the Herald
Square: Mrs. J. W. Yenger. at the Met
ropolitan. From Sacramento— J. H. Fatch
er. W. S. Graham, at the Hoffman. From
San Diego— W. H. Carlson, at the Aator.
Murder at an Idaho Mine.
SPOKANE, Nov. 11.— Eugene Klein,
timekeeper for the Standard mine, was
murdered in the company's office at Mac*.
Idaho, this morning by G. E. Shuff. a
miner, who was dissatisfied with the
time check given to him on Saturday.
Shuff went to the Standard office with a
rifle, drove out a bystander, shot Klein
and fled toward Gem. The bullet struck
Klein near the heart and he died a few
minutes later.. Snuff was pursued and
waa caught near Gem. He ia now in the
Wallace jail.
Fleming to Remain in Jail.
FRESNO. Nov. 11.— J. E. Fleming, th*
ex-postmaster of Coulterville. pleaded
guilty before United States District Judge
Welborn to the embezzlement of $149 19 of
public money, and was fined that much,
with six months' imprisonment in the
County Jail here. Fleming's peculations
amounted to about $1000. A plea was made
in his behalf that restitution had been
made and that he had been in jail eighteen
months awaiting trial, delayed on two oc
casions by reason of the quarantine of
the jail on account of smallpox.
Begins Itefense of Considine.
SEATTLE. Nov. 11.— The prosecution in
the murder trial of John Considine closei
to-day. The defense expects to prove that
John Considine killed ex-Chief of Polic3
William Meredith in self-defense, the
Chief having deliberately planned the^
murder of the defendant. About twenty
witnesses were called to the stand to-da>
to disprove the State's sixth-shot theory.
Earthquakes in Armenia.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 11.—Earth
quakes continue to be felt at Eneroum,
Armenia. There have been many casual
ties. The foreign Consuls have joined the
Inhabitants and are living in tents.
It Costs Nothing to Try an
Absolute Cure for
Catarrh Deafness,
mL\. XJHIUW^y. ' Throat. 4
|PiP*^^CATABRH Lungs.
TREAT THE CAUSE (THE GERMS).
The only way to do this la with the Cottlnsr-
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by
DR. COTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUNO
DISEASES,
204 Sutter St., W. Cor. of Kearny, .
— Absolutely free Examination and on*
week" 3 treatment ylven to convince you of the
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 test
cases, 95 per cent cured. Try It FREE and t>«
convinced while you can. Call at once or writ*.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Many thousand physicians and mil-
lions of persons invariably, experienced
beneficial effects. Try Yin Mariani on '^
its merits.
All Druggists. -Ret SubstituteSERIOUS HITCH
IN NEGOTIATIONS
Railway Magnates Differ
Over Northern Pacific
Settlement.
Unexpected Difficulties Met
in Financing Burling
ton Road.
NEW YORK, Nov. IL— The Mall and Ex
press says: The delay in the announce
ment cf the terms of the Northern Pacific
settlement, it was learned to-day, is due
to the inability so far to agree upon the
details for the control of the Burlington
and the surrender of the Northern Pacific
. preferred stock owned by the Union Pa-
V me. •
This is the ground for the current re
port that there had been a hitch in the
deal, and it caused a considerable selling
of Union Pacific stock. When it was an
nounced that the main points of agree
ment had been settled, reference was
made only to the decision of Messrs. Hill
and Morgan to give up a half-interest in
the Burlington to the Union Pacific and
to permit the retirement of Northern Pa
cific preferred stock.
In their efforts to determine how the
Burlington should be financed they met
with unexpected difficulties, although it
was agreed by both sides, it is said, that
a proprietary company should be organ
ized for this purpose, as well as another
proprietary company for the Great North
ern and the Northern Pacific. There was
a disposition on the part of the Union Pa
cific to surrender its Northern Pacific
stock in exchange lor shares in a new
proprietary company, but members of the
Harriman syndicate objected to paying a
large amount of cash for a one-half inter
est in the Burlington.
The price of $200 a share was thought to
be too large, and if all cash were paid for
the Burlington it would mean an outlay
of $200,000,000, which was entirely different
from what the Harriman people had in
mind.
It was said to-day that the most likely
way out of the difficulty would be the sur
render of the Union Pacific holdings of
Northern Pacific in exchange for an in
terest in the Burlington. The former are
about $77,000,000. par value, and are said
yE.\e cost something more than that
:lgure.
But if the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern accepted the exchange the
Northern Pacific Company would be buy
irg its own stock. It is believed that the
two proprietary companies will afford a
method of getting out of this dilemma,
but at the moment things are • not pro
gressing very rapidly.
TREATY WITH DENMARK
NOT YET A CERTAINTY
New Ministry Is Not Well Disposed
Toward Cession of Danish West
Indies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The project
ed treaty of cession of the Danish West
Indies to the United States is not so weil
advanced as it was hoped would be the
case at this time. It is now doubtful
¦whether the treaty will be completed in
time to submit to Congress when it rts.s
t-' mbles next month. The delay appears
10 have arisen through the change in the
Ministry at Copenhagen, the State De
partment practically having reached an
agreement with the Danish Government
on the treaty. In fact all questions of
large importance had been adjusted wnen
the entry into power of a new Ministry
• ell disposed toward the new treaty
made it necessary to begin the work ail
sprain. While the negotiations a^e
proceeding they have not yet reached a
7>oint where it can be predicted certainly
that a treaty will result. The issues do
not touch the price to be paid so much
as vhe conditions to the feature of the
¦ .ibhip in the Danish West Indies
sought to be imposed by Denmark. The
United States desires a simple treaty and
one that will leave it at perfect liberty
to deal with the islands without any re-
MATRIMONIAL AGENTS
SENT TO PENITENTIARY
Punishment Meted Out to Former San
Franciscans for Illegally Using
the Mails.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 11.— Charles
Miller and Mrs. N. C. Collins, alias Grace
:, alias Grace Allison, formerly of
and, St. Louis and San Francisco.
I ho were convicted of having used
the mails to defraud in conducting a mat
rimonial bureau, were to-day sentenced
in a vpnr and a day in nrlson.
Tube Schemes in London.
LONDON. Nov. 11.— The Metropolitan
Electric Traction Company, the
n company of Charles T. Yerkes,
quired an interest in two more pro
tube schemes in London, intend
¦ connect all with the district rail-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. HOLDAJAKEMAN
Wife of President Jakeman of
Elders of the Mormon Church,
Salt Lake City, Utah, Recom-
mends Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound For Wo-
man's Periodic Pains.
" Dear Mr.s. Pixkham : — Before I
knew of Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound I dreaded the
approach of the time for my menstrual
period, as it would mean a couple of
MBS. HTJLDA JAKEMAN.
days in bed with intense pain and suf-
fering. I was under the physicians
care for over a year without any relief,
when my attention was called to Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound by
several of our Mormon women who
had. been cured through its use.
I beg-an its systematic use and im-
proved gradually in health, and after
the use of six bottles my health was
completely restored, and for over two
rears X have had neither ache or pain.
You have a truly wonderful remedy for
women. Very sincerely yours. Mrs.
n.r.A .Takfman. Lake City. Utah. 7
— $5000 forfeit If above testimonial Is not genuine.
Just as surely as Mrs. Jake-
man was cured just so surely will
Lydia E. Pinkham'g Vegetable
Tom pound ' cure every woman
"suffering from any form of fe-
fual< ills.
Sirs. Pinkham advises sick wo-
men fires. Address, Lynn, Mass.
LORD KITCHENER
ISSUES AN EDICT
Captured Boers Wearing
British Uniforms Are
to Die.
Peace Terms Which Kruger Is
Said to Be Willing to
Accept
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Dispatches to the
Daily Mail announce that the Cape Town
Guard has again been called out and that
Lord Kitchener has issued an order di
recting that all Boers captured in British
uniforms be shot.
The Daily Mail gives to-day another al
leged peace scheme which Kruger is said
to be willing to conclude. This would
be on the basis of granting autonomy to
the two republics under a convention
guaranteed by France and Russia in ex
change for concession to Great Britain
of the Rand district and the gold fields,
which should be regarded as the total
Boer indemnity.'
The story circulated in the United
States by a news agency to-day under
Amsterdam date, purporting to give the
peace terms which the Boers are willing
to accept and alleging that they are to
be embodied in a formal document for
circulation among the powers, was seem
ingly started in an English provincial pa
per and is denied by the Boer delegates
at The Hague.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 11.— The adminis
tration counsel of the iron tribunal will
meet November 20 to decide on the ap
peal of the Boers against the ruling that
the war in South Africa is not subject to
the court's consideration.
FIGHTS FOR POSSESSION
OF HIS LITTLE ONES
Samuel A. Rhoades, Accused of Kid
naping, Makes Counter Charges
Against Former Wife.
TACOMA, Nov. 11.— A spirited legal con
tesiforthe possession of Norman Rhoades,
aged 13, and Clara Rhoades, aged 11, was
commenced here in the Superior Court
to-day by their father, Samuel A.
Rhoades. The latter was arrested last
week in Lamar, Colo., for kidnaping the
boy and taking him out of the State
secretly. He returned to-day in custody
of Sheriff Hartman and is held under
$3500 bonds to await trial.
In a complaint which he filed to-day
Rhoades alleges that Mrs. Rhoades is un
fit to have charge of the children and re
quests the court to award them to him.
He is a veterinary surgeon with a fair
income and says he is both willing and
anxious to support and educate them.
The Rhoades were married in Denver
in May, 18&8. Later family disagreements
became common and they were divorced
in San Francisco. Rhoades alleges that
while the divorce suit was pending he was
notined by his attorneys that an arrange
ment had been entered into with Mrs.
Rhoades whereby she was to keep their
son and their daughter was to go to him.
Believing this was settled Rhoades paid
little attention to the case. He found
later that Mrs. Rhoades had sent both
children to Sitka, where they were when
the decree was entered. He understood
that under the decree he was to have
the privilege ©f visiting the children as
often as he liked, but he says Mrs.
Rhcades has studiously prevented his see
ing them.
Upon these allegations Judge Chapman
has ordered Mrs. Rhoades and Sheriff
Hartman to show cause within five days
why both children should not be given to
their father.
POLITICAL OUTLOOK
PLEASING TO FLINT
Senator Satisfied With the Progress
of His Race for Gubernatorial
Nomination.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 11.— Senator
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Benito, candidate
for the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor, was in this city to-day looking over
the political field. He was met at the sta
tion by Judge F. W. Gregg and spent the
day in consultation with local politicians.
To The Call representative here Senator
Flint said:
"1 am in the race to stay. I have visited
many of the cities in Southern California
and I have been well received wherever I
went. My chances for winning the nomi
nation are improving every day.
"Governor Gage and I are friends, and I
do not expect the fight for nomination will
be anything more than a friendly politi
cal contest in which the strongest man
will win. I am simply making a prelimi
nary tour of Southern California and I
expect to visit this city again before
long."
Senator Flint went to Redlands this
afternoon and to-night he is in Los An
geles. To-morrow he will go to Santa
Ana. where there is a corner stone laying.
While here the Senator held a brief con
sultation with A. G. Kendall, candidate
for Railroad Commissioner, but no polit
ical arrangements were made. Who will
manage the fight in this county for Flint
is a question, and as far as can be learned
he has appointed no local lieutenants.
QUARREL OVER DICE
ENDS IN A KILLING
San Franciscan Succumbs to In
juries Received in a Fight in
Vacaville.
VACAVILLE, Nov. 11.— A quarrel be
ginning in the Depot saloon yesterday
was continued on the street, John Adams
and John Donnelly attacking J. F. Pick
erel, with whom they had been shaking
dice. Pickerel seized a fence stake ani
struck out viciously, knocking Donnelly
down. All three were placed under ar
rest. Donnelly was examined by a sur
geon and did not appear to be seriously
injured. All participants in the row were
placed in the lockup by Constable Stadr
feld.
This morning Donnelly was found dead.
The autopsy showed that death resulted
from concussion of the brain. Adams and
Pickerel were held to await the action of
the Coroner's inquest, to be held to-moi
row.
Donnelly had papers in his possession
showing that he lived in San Francisco.
The papers bore the name of H. Finken
stedt, a poll tax receipt showing that he
lived at 67 Tehama street.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The postofflce
at Braunsport, Columbia County, Or., will
be discontinued November 30. Mail goes
to Kist.
Postmasters corqmissloned: California-
Frederick C. Clark, Monroe. Washington
—Egbert Denny, Osceola. Appointed: Cal
ifornia—Jtan M. P. Poirier, Sulphur
Creek, Colusa County, vice Thomas B.
Persons, resigned. Oregon — James Wal
ter Butler, Buell, Polk County, vice Man
etta L.ucas, resigned; Margaret A. Gorrn
ley, Powwatka, Wallowa County, vice
Amanda F. Harris, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia; Original— Charles E. Wallin, Gar
dena, $6; Thomas Brady, Gilroy, $10; Wil
liam Ewald, San Jose, $8. Increase-
Charles Peterson, San Francisco, $12;
Martin B. Witmer, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12. Mexican war— Frederick D.
Steck, Ocean Park. $12. Widow, war with
Spain — lyjuise Bowman, mother, Los An
geles, $12.
Oregon: Original— La wton B. Steams.
Cove, $6; James R. Akins, Denio, $12.
Widow— Helen C. Goble, Kellogg, $8.
Washington: Original— Wiley Hampton,
Thornton, $6; Conrad Stehle, I^atonia, $8.
San Jose Merchants Organize.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— The San Jose Mer
chants' Association, a commercial club
formed for mutual protection and benefit,
completed its organization to-night by the
election of Maurice O'Brien as president
and J. L. Stull vice president. The other
directors chosen are S. N. Rucker, J. P.
Jarman, F. W. Moore, A. Greeningror,
Alexander Hart. J. C. Cornell, A. S. Ba
con and J. D. Minor. One hundred and
lour merchants have signed the roll
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
SECRETARY ROOT ORDERS CONVENED
BOARD OF OFFICERS OF HIGH RANK
Generals Miles, Brooke, Otis, Young, Mac Arthur, Bates, Randall and
Kobbe Will Make Important Recommendations Concerning
Military Posts and Distribution of the Arms of the Service
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. — The
Secretary of War has ordered
to be convened in Washing
ton, November 25. a very im
portant board of army offi
cers of high rank for the purpose of con
sidering several matters connected with
the army, particularly regarding the mili
tary posts and reservations. The board
consists of Lieutenant General Nelson A.
Miles. Major Generals John R. Brooke,
Elwell S. Otis, S. M. B. Young, Arthur
Mac Arthur, Brigadier Generals John C.
Bates, George M. Randall and William A.
Kobbe. The order directs the board to
consider the distribution of military posts
required for the proper accommodation,
Instruction and maintenance of the army.
The board shall make recommendations
as to what posts shall be abandoned or
retained, which should be enlarged and
to what extent, and the location and
character of new posts as may be neces
sary with a due regard to the proper dis
tribution of the different arms of the ser
vice, based upon strategic, sanitary and
economical considerations.
The board also will formulate and sub
mit a project for the location and sur
vey of sites for four permanent camp
grounds of instruction, the cost of the
sites and the expense of putting them in
condition for such camp grounds.
The findings of this board will be re
ported to Congress by the Secretary of
War. This order does not apply to sea
coast fortifications.
RAILROAD WINS
LEGAL SKIRMISH
United States Supreme
Court Makes an Im
portant Ruling.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— A decision
was rendered by the United States Su
preme Court to-day in the case of the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railway
Company versus the Board of Railroad
and Warehouse Commissioners of Mis
souri. The case came to the Supreme
Court on a writ of error from the Su
preme Court of the State of Missouri and
the decision of the lower court was re
versed. The opinion was handed down by
Justice Brewer. The principal issue was
on the issue of the removal of the case
to the Federal courts. The case involves
the legality of the charge made by the
railroad company for transporting pas
sengers and freight across its bridge over
the Missouri River at Booneville. Mo.
The State law fixes the rate for carrying
passengers in Missouri at 3 cents per
mile, and it seems that the railroad com
pany attached an extra charge of 25 cents
for their transportation across the bridge,
and that an extra charge was also made
for freight crossing the bridge. The prac
tice was attacked by the Railroad Com
missioners and suit brought in the courtß
to enjoin the railroad company. In the
Supreme Court of the State the law was
sustained. Application was made to re
move the case to the Federal courts on
the ground that the company is a cor
poration of Kansas. The motion to this
effect was overruled by the State Su
preme Court, and it is this opinion that
is now reversed. The case therefore goes
back for further proceedings.
Police Stop a Fight.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 11.-The bout to
night between "Young Peter Jackson"
and Jimmy Handler was stopped by the
police in the eighteenth round and was
declared a draw. When the fight was
stopped Jackson was hammering Hand
ler hard and at will, and it was evident
the latter would have been beaten in a
minute or so if the contest had continued.
Dr. Mackenzie's Salary.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The New York
Presbytery in session to-day received an
announcement from the Rutgers Church
that it had extended a call to Rev. Dr.
Robert Mackenzie, now pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church in San Francisco,
and has fixed the salary at $6000 a year.
Society Returns to Town
As winter approaches. It begins to pay
its social duties, in which the visiting
card and wedding invitation play an im
portant part. "We are always the first to
get the correct things and our prices are
always reasonable. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
711 Market street. •
COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE ARMY AND TWO OTHER NOTED
VETERANS, WHO ARE AMONG THE MEN OF HIGH RANK SE
LECTED ON A MOST IMPORTANT MILITARY BOARD.
STEAMER STRIKES
SUNKEN ICEBERG
Panic Seizes Upon the
City of Topeka's
Passengers.
SEATTLE, Nov. 11.— The Lynn Canal
steamer City of Topeka, Captain Oleson,
steamed slowly into the harbor this
morning with her stem bent and a gaping
hole near the load-line. The steamer col
lided with a sunken Iceberg in Taku Bay
on the up trip on the night of November 2.
A blinding snowstorm was raging at the
time, and when the shock came some of
the passengers, believing the ship wag go
ing down, made frenzied attempts to get
into life-preservers. It was soon found
that, although several Iron plates broke
through, tiere was no immediate danger.
The steamer was taken to Douglas
Island after the accident for an investiga
tion, and it was decided that the Topeka
should be allowed to return to Seattle
without cargo or passengers. The extent
of the damage is estimated at about $5000
besides the loss of a trip and the necessary
expense and delay that must ensue while
the vessel is being repaired.
On account of the accident the Topeka
did not call at Skaguay, and therefore
brought no late news.
INDIGNATION MEETINGS
HELD THROUGHOUT GERMANY
Populace Greatly Aroused Over Eng
lish Criticism of the German
Troops.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— Referring it to the
various meetings held throughout Ger
many to denounce the recent reflections
cast by Chamberlain in his speech at
Edinburgh upon the conduct of the Ger
man troops in the war with France, the
Cologne Yolks Zeitung excuses the dem
onstration by pointing out that no Ger
man Government organ has printed a
semi-official repudiation of Chamberlain's
sentiment, and that in the absence of
such a repudiation public opinion must
find expression in other ways. v
"The movement shows," says the paper,
"that the German people cannot under
stand how British insolence can be put
up with, and how anybody can demonstra
tively show anglomania."
This is regarded as a thrust at Emperor
William.
THURSDAY— THIS THURSDAY
The Great Clothing Sale Will Begin.
Nothing Will Be Reserved.
Men's all-wool pants, worth $2 50, for
$1 25. Men's all-wool suits, worth $20, for
$6 85. Men's hose, worth 25c, for 10c. This
will be a great men's day at the Monarch,
915 Market st., opposite Mason. ?
SHOOTS INTO BOX
OF GIANT POWDER
Precocious Bisbee Boy
Meets an Awful
Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 11.— John McNally,
a precocious Bisbee youth, fired a bullet
from a 22-caliber rifle into a box of giant
powder in a mining shaft yesterday, just
to see what would occur. He never
learned the result.
The boy had gone out to spend the day
hunting with a companion. They came
across a mining shaft, which they decided
to explore. The shaft was thirty feet deep
and at the bottom was a box filled with
giant powder, which had been placed there
by the owners of the mine preparatory to
doing the annual assessment work. A
large tub covered the box, to prevent an
explosion in case rocks fell from the side
of the shaft. The boys lifted the tub
from the box, and John McNally said he
would fire into the giant powder from the
ground above as soon as they climbed the
ladder to the surface.
Arriving at the surface, his companion
went to the end of the ore dump, while
John took aim. An instant later there was
a terrific explosion. Great rocks arose in
the air, and the earth shook violently for
several hundred yards. The body of John
McNally was blown a distance of forty
feet, and the head was completely sev
ered.
The survivor of the explosion ran to
town and spread the news of his com
panion's death. McNally was the son of
a prominent citizen of Bisbee. He wai
14 years of age.
FALLS FROM STTTDY WIBTDOW
AND IS INSTANTLY KILLED
Professor Bichard Mayo-Smith of Co
lumbia Tjniversity Meets With
a Fatal Accident.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Richard Mayo-
Smith, a professor of political economy at
Columbia University, was instantly killed
to-night by falling from a window of his
study on the fourth floor of his residence,
on West Seventy-seventh street, to the
stone nagging in the rear. So far as the
police have investigated the case, they
couclude that the fall was accidental. Pro
fessor Mayo-Smith had been ill for a few
months, but not alarmingly so. He was
47 years old, and had been a professor of
political economy at Columbia since 1883.
He had written much on economic sub
jects and was the author of several
books.
Forming a Petroleum Trust.
VIENNA, Nov. 11.— The owners of ail
the petroleum works In Galicia have de
cided to form a trust to end the existing
reckless competition.
HELD PRISONER
AT PORTO RICO
Authorities Place Labor
Organizer Iglesias Un
der Arrest.
President Roosevelt Cables to
Learn Cause of His
Detention.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.-Samuel Gom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion of Labor, to-day saw the President
to protest against the arrest of Santiago
Iglesias, who was sent to Porto Rico by
the federation to organize the working
men of the island.
Before Iglesias left the United States
Gompers explained to the President the
purpose of his visit and asked that Gov
ernor Hunt be notined that his mission
was not to stir up strife, but simply to
organize labor along legitimate lines. At
that time he told the President that Igle
sias, during the Spanish ascendency, had
opposed the Spanish regime and had been
imprisoned, having been liberated when
the American troops reached San Juan.
By the President's direction Secretary
Cortelyou wrote to Governor Hunt con
cerning Iglesias' mission. That letter
was dated October 19. Last Saturday
Gompers was surprised to receive the fol
lowing cablegram from Iglesias:
"Was arrested when I stepped ashore.
No warrant was shown. Am ignorant of
charges. Remain in jail."
This message Gompers showed to the
President and the President immediately
sent an inquiry to Governor Hunt as to
the cause of the arrest.
During Gompers' interview to-day he
spokg to the President about labor organ -
ization, the extension of the eight-hour
law and the alien contract labor law.
Gompers was especially anxious that the
President should recommend the re-enact
ment of the Chinese exclusion act, and he
came away impressed with the belief that
the President would do so.
WED DESPITE OBJECTION
OF YOXTNG LADY'S PARENrS
Returned Philippine Soldier and His
Betrothed Scoff at Paternal
Wrath.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— A pretty love ro
mance, in which "Tom" Murphy, a re
turned Philippine soldier, and Miss Annie
Thole are the principals, has just come
to light. For five years Papa Thole's re
fusal to consent to a marriage delayed
the ceremony. On August 27, however,
the young couple went to Oakland and
wedded. This they kept secret until a
few days ago, when they decided to ask
foi the forgiveness of their parents. The
young lady's parents were obdurate, and
even ordered Mr. and Mrs. Murphy away.
Murphy first met his sweetheart while
employed in a laundry belonging to the
girl's parents. After a lew weeks they
became engaged, but her father objected
to Murphy because of his wildness. Miss
Thole refused to give him up, and prom
ised Murphy that if he would quit drink
ing she would marry him.
The Spanish war broke out about this
time and Murphy enlisted in one of the
State regiments and later went to the
Philippines with the Thirty-fifth United
States Volunteers. He abstained from
drink and each month sent his betrothed
the major portion of his $15 60. By strict
attention to duty Murphy arose to a non
commissioned officer's post.
When Murphy was mustered out last
year he and Miss Thole again went be
fore her parents to ask their consent, but
paterfamilias still refused. Finally they
decided to wait no longer and the trip to
Oakland followed.
TWO TRAINS IN OREGON
COLLIDE ON A SIDING
Freight Cars and Passenger Coaches
Badly Wrecked, but No Lives
Are Lost.
LAGRANDE, Or., Nov. 11.— The west
bound passenger train on the O. R. and
N. this morning ran into freight train
No. 21, which was standing on the track
near here- A light engine standing about
four car lengths behind broke the force
of the contact and prevented the wreck
from being more serious, but the caboose
and one stock car were converted into
kindling wood.
The engineer on the light engine, ex
pecting the passenger train, had sent a
flagman back, and Engineer Stanfleet saw
the signal, not in time, however, to stop
the train on the frosty track. Many of
the passengers received minor injuries,
but no one was seriously hurt. The win
dows of the coaches were shaken out and
both engines were badly damaged.
Not Guilty of Wife Murder.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— The trial of
J. Ross Winters for wife murder was
brought to an end this morning by a ver
dict of not guilty, returned by the jury
after nineteen minutes' deliberation.
Judge Smith, in his instructions to the
jury, asked for acquittal on the ground
that the evidence had not proved murder,
although the defendant had aroused sus
picions by his contradictory statements
and his unaccountable actions since his
wife's death.
Donald Bowles Is Dying.
PASADENA, Nov. 11.— Donald Bowles
of the Neill stock company is dying of
appendicitis in this city.
S!!«Ib™5I The judgment of the majority is a safe proposition J
IHMFFaB to follow. You can have an idea of the superiority of 1
£ '-"Y^-Sgi our suits when you know of their popularity. As re- ti^^ypi^
BhSFwISm gards that, we can truthfully say that we are making HEsit?f j"i »"*«.'
E§Psjs3?b| more of these $10 suits every month; that means more I SneSvm*'^"'
§38t5S»2vS new customers and duplicate orders from satisfied cut-- I jSig^?;
I SnBB v l°°kiner over our cloths you can readily see why 4) $*§>Bi^fe J-t!
BHH j the suits are so popular. Samples are free to inter- S^SLt^a-
5 >iB^R ested people.
31 S^fi Out-of-town orders filled— write us for self-measurement |^;^
SEwsl blank and samples,
, /, - 5 718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy.
RUNNING FIGHT
WITH CONVICT
Leader of Penitentiary
Mutiny Is Captured
by Deputies.
Fires at His Pursuers, Who
Bring Him Down With
a Bullet
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 11— Frank
Thompson, colored, the leader of the mu
tiny at the Federal penitentiary, which,
resulted in the escape of twenty-six pris
oners last Thursday, was captured eight
miles north of Council Grove this evening
by a posse under command of Deputy
United States Marshal Prescott. Thomp
son would not surrender, but was taken
after a hard fight with the officers, in
which he was shot in the head without
being severely injured. No member o£
the posse was hurt.
Deputy Marshal Prescott has been in
Council Grove since Saturday morning, on
the lookout for escaped prisoners. Tnere
are a number of them in this vicinity,
and several depredations have resulted
from their presence. This morning Dep
uty Prescott heard of the reported pres
ence of a negro convict a f»w miles north
of town and immediately set out to make
tne capture, assisted by Sheriff Mitchell
and oti«er officers.
The officers had just emerged from a
wooded trail when they caugnt sight of
Ihompson running across the open. He
wad ordered to halt, but he answered oy
wheeling around and doing some rapid
tiring with his big 44-ealiber revolver. The
officers then tireu und Thompson dropped.
He was stunned and the officers easily
secured him.
Thompson will be taken to the peniten
tiary to-morrow. As he was the ring
leader of the mutiny he will be severely
dealt with. Warden McClaughrey an
nounced his intention several clays ago of
having all the fugitives indicted for con
spiracy. Thompson's sentence will un
doubtedly be hanging, while the others
will, have their terms lengthened.
Lawrence Lewis was mortally wounded
this morning near yuenemo, Kans., whiie
making a dash through a cordon of
armed deputies. Now there are but thir
teen prisoners at large.- Lewis is a white
boy, 20 years of age, who waa sent up in
October, 1900. to undergo a five-year sen
tence for larceny.
Three distinct gangs of convicts have
been reported at points fifteen miles
around Topeka since last night, and, al
though squads of penitentiary guards,
deputies anu farmers have been on the
go all day, night fell with only one cap
ture, that of Lewis.
From the descriptions received Warden
McClaughrey believes that the two cap
tors of Sheriff Cook of Topeka were
Arthur Hewitt, white, and Lon Souther
land, a part Indian. Hewitt, with Frank
Thompson, a negro, were ringleaders in
the outbreak and the Warden to-day in
creased the reward for their capture.
Hewitt and Southerland were both serv
ing five-year sentences for larceny. Hew
itt is 23 years old, while Southerland i 3
but 18.
At Alma. Kans.. a running fight last
night with two escaped convicts is re
ported. The convicts had stolen two
horses and made good their escape after
shooting a horse from under one of their
pursuers.
OBJECT TO THE INDIANS
DOING WORK ON ROADS
Citizens of Arizona Confront the In
terior Department With a New
Labor Problem.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— A labor prob
lem such as has arisen only rarely in the
Indian service confronts the Interior De
partment as a result of the action of fifty
Indians of the San Carlos (Arizona) res
ervation, who under the leadership of the
agency farmer went to work on rouua
near the reservation.
Official advices received by the Interior
Department to-day announce that citi
zens of that vicinity met last night and
finally remonstrated against the employ
ment of Indians on road work outside the
reservation. No details were given. N
is said here that the construction work
on which the Indians have been engag;il
is not being done by the Government. It
is supposed that the basis of the objec
tion is competition by persons supported
by the Government. The San Carlos In
dians have the reputation of being indus
trious and hard working. A full report
has been telegraphed for.
SENTINEL SHOOTS
AT MINISTER HART
Attempt Hade by a Colombian Soldier
to Take the Life of America's
Representative.
BOGOTA, Colombia. Nov. 11.— A senti
nel at Tequendama Falls on October 25
declined to honor the passport of United
States Minister Charles Hart and fired
one shot at the diplomat. The Minister
was not hit by the bullet. The Govern
ment has severely punished the sentinel
and is seeing that the Minister is fully
protected.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— The follow
ing Californians arrived here to-day: At
the Raleigh. E. Moulton of Riverside; at
the Richmond, James R. Dunn of San
Francisco; a< the Cochran, Mrs. Henry
Krebs of San Francisco.
34
REFEREE BEGINS TRAINING FOR BIG FIGHT
BALDWIN HORSES PERFORM MIRACLES
IN MUDDY GOING AT OAKLAND TRACK
HORSES from the Baldwin stable
trained by W. J. Spiers fairly
set the" track ablaze at Oakland
- yesterday. To begin with, in
the opening sketch, a sprint
over the ; Futurity course, Silva Cruz
romped 'in before a riffraff bunch
of two-year-olds at odds of 10 and
12 to 1. Three races later on
Green Morris started Sombrero, consid
ered unbeatable by the visitors from way
down East and a 1 to 3 chance in the
ring. Escalamo. from Funny Santa Anita.
showed him a cl^an pair of heels from
the start, winning eased up. In the clos
ing chapter Reina de Cuba, an 8 to 1 shot,
laid low the even money favorite Sen
Lion. The track was muddy and slow,
and besides the- Baldwin victories the oth
er surprise furnished was the downfall of
the Morris crack Watercure. Although
known to possess no fondness for moist
footing, it was supposed the chestnut
horse's class would pull him through, but
he was beaten p. length by the II to 1 shot
Rio Shannon, with J. Woods up.
Only One Successful Favorite.
For those who imagine winners ar.'
easier to pick in muddy going their de
tires must have beer, surfeited, as Hor
ton, a 7 to 10 choice, proved the only suc
cessful favorite.. Nearly. all of the book
makers put in a profitable inning, as
Scorpia was about the only one to give
the eheets a dreary look.
As it v.as conceded that a garden hose
played on the track would cause Water
cure to break it up, the price about the
Morris horse went from 4 to - 5 to 8 to 5.
The smart ones unloaded on Oscar Tolle.
and Ransom, who rode the Baldwin eir
try, scrambled the eggs beautifully for
them. At the start Johnny Woods on Rio
Shannon went away in the lead, with the
others trailing. Well into the stretch
O'Connor on Watercure challenged, but
the leader under hard urging held him
safe, winning by a length. Hansom made
no determined move with Oscar Tolle, fin
ishing a poor third.
J. \\\ Schorr's Commissioner Forster
ruled favorite lor the nrst event, but a
bumping match on the backstretch
knocked him out of the game. Silva Cruz
led irom the lump, beating Sir Lewis
without effort.
Apparently the brown colt Articulate
cannot strike his clip. He was dished up
a 6 to 5 favorite for the third race, over
six furlongs, and Scorpia downed him in
a gallop. The latter had Jesse Matthews
on his back and was played down from
6 to 4. Royal .-"lush was an "also ran."
Eecalante Outfoots Sombrero.
Nearly all of the paddock crowd laid
their checks down on Sombrero, the
Green Morris entry, in the six lurlong
sprint for two-year-olds. He did not lacK
speed by any means— was simply out
looted by Kscalante. Possibly wnen tbs
pair clash £.sain he may turn the tables,
but that is no certainty. Magi ran into
the show. ....
Greenock was scratched, leaving the
mile selling number a Cakewalk for Hor
ton. "Daggie" Smith's little chestnut
seemed to possess more early speed than
usual, and aided by the slow pace .set ran
away from his field in the sail home. See
on ar:on Lynch had the place won, but
eased up and was led out for that position
by oror.
Winnie O'Connor on Bookmaker Caesar
Young's horse. Sea ''"n. was unfortunate
in getting away poorly in the closing
event. Making a game effort from be
hind, the favorite was unable to close the
gap opened by Reina de Cuba, finishing
second in front of Censor.
Track Notes.
Tim Murphy, the well known plunger
and bookmaker, arrived from Chicago
last atog.
As. Lavator is owned by "Boots" Dur-
IMti. the horse will not be allowed to
start at Oakland to-day. Durnell was but
recently ruled off the turt by the French
lacinfi officials.
It begins to look as if "Lucky" Bald
Win would find ii cheaper in Me end to
pay the money "Jim" Oarland claims is
due him rrom the owner of Santa Anita
ranch. Jim boosted Silva Cruz $200 over
his entered selling price, and further
down the line bid up Keina de Cuba 1100.
Both horses were retained by the stable.
Starter Holtman gave Burlingame a
week on the ground for breaking the bar
rier with Sir .Lewis in the opening event.
Jimmy Coffey thought- so well of ; the
chances? of Rio Shannon that he let the
bay horse run loose. His previous per
lormances certainly did not warrant
much consideration. •
All of the Baldwin stable winners were
the get of famous Emperor of Norfolk,
and the splendid performances of Cru
zados and Escalante have caused the old
Fire's stock to boom. Each of the three
winners was piloted by Ransom, who
seems suddenly to have got a move on,
for he is a veritable wonder at getting
away from the barrier.
The yearlings from Antrim stock farm
will be sold at the Occidental Horse Ex
change to-night.
Small errors sometimes prove costly.
REPEAT TACTICS
USED IN SAMAR
Insurgents Make an At
tack on Garrison of
Abra de Hog.
MANILA. Nov. 11— Major W. ].. Pitch
er of the Eighth Regiment of Infantry,
commanding the Mindoro expedition, re
ports that the garrison of Abra de Hog
»a? attacked yesterday by a force of in
furgents commanded by Lenoco». The
Filipinos apparently attempted to repeat
the Samar ta- tir-s. bat the Americans,
who were breakfasting, completely routed
"FOR THE FIREPLAC:"
\ c make wood baskets. Perhaps
you can use one. This cut shows
a well-made article, in shellac fin-
ish, which sells for $2.25. We
make others for $3.00. $3.50 and
$3.75. .
We can make any kind of a
basket of Rattan.
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS
27 BUTTER STREET.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
i OAKLAND RACETRACK-Monday; Nov. 11, 1901.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
g^OO. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $323.
¦ , r j |~~ ~~ ~ BettlnV-
Index. Horse and- Weight. St. >i. ' \. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2778 iSilva Cruz ........ 106 2 22 12 IS i~2 E. J. Baldwin ft Co.Ransm 7 M
. .... Sir Lewis 106 t 'i hi 3 1 2 2 24 M. J. Daly Burlingame 15 SO
(2785) Montoya 112 3 1»4 24 35 34 S. McXaughton.... O'Connor 2 6-2
. 2*03 Commr, Forster 112 4 8 64 6 4 4n i¦ W. Schorr...... J. Woods 6-5 11-10
; 2771 Rublno , 105 7 42 42 4h 55 G. Summers & Co. J. Mthws 6 «
2790 Autumn Time ....107 6 5h 62 63 6 5 A. J. Stemler & C0. ...H0ar 10 2o
: 2771 Lady Car 10......... 105 165 75 7 8 710 F. J. O'Rourke See 12 25
1_. . . . Rosy Crosg., ....103 5 75_8 8 8 |G. W. Scott ..Wlnslette 12 3i)
; 'Time— To *4, :22»4c to V 4, M; last %. 1:06; short %,, I:I<JU. Good start. Won easily. Second
i and third driving. Winner. K. J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-Esper
, anza. 'Winner a handy mud runner. Sir Lewis came from the backwoods. Montoya didn't
I seem partial to the going. Commissioner Forster nearly put over the fence on back stretch
by Autumn Time. Latter can do better. Scratched— St Phllllplna 105, St. Sever 105, M«l
'• usplna 105. Maraschino 103. ; __ _ J_-_~_
2507. SECOXD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; 3-year-old* and up: value to first, $225.
j ', " " j I \ 1 Betting.
, Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. W. M. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. Cl.
279S Rio Shannon. — 112' 1 It 1 I>4 1V- 11 J. Coffev J. Woods 6 . S
... jWaterfure. 4 109:3 22 2h 2 1 210 O. B. Morris O'Connor 1 8-5
(2795) Oscar Tolle, 3 10"! 4 3 2 310 312 310 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ranam 2 2
2780 [Flying Torpedo, 8.100 1 2 4 4 4 4 JEzell & Lazarus. Blrkenruth 4 7-2
j Time— l-16. :07V4: £ :17,\ ; It. ::¦¦>: \. 1:19%; mile, 1:45%; 1 l-16m, 1:52. Good start. Won
I first three driving. Winner, J. Coftey's b. h. by El Rio Rey-Bessle Shannon. Both leaders
j made wide turn into stretch. Watercure is not a good mud horse. . Oscar Tolle ridden to
poor advantage. Torpedo away poorly.
2808. THIRD RACE- Five and a half furlongs; all ages; value to first, $325.
! • ~ ', Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. .%. V Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2782 Scorpla, 4 113 3 1416 14 11 W. H. Ketchemn.J. Mthws. 6 4
2504 Articulate, 3 112 122 23 21 25 W. C. deß. Lopez. Burlgme 6-5 1
; 2779 .Sir Dougal, 4 113 2 33 32 42 815 P. Sheridan Vittatoe] 6 13
2504 Barb. Frietchie, 3.109 4 6 6 6 4 1 IMrs. M. Cone H. Smith 6 10
2801 Royal Flush, a. ...116 0 4n 410 3% 5 n IG. B. Morris.. ....O'Connor 6 13-2
! 2786 Prejudice, 4.. .......113 6 5 2 52 5 1 6 Burns & Watrhse.J. Woods « 8
2752 Abba L, 3 109 Left .' B. A. Chllson Brodien| 20 60.
! Time— »i. :25; hi. :5034; tVtf. 1:10. Good start Won all out. Second and third driving. Win
j ner. W. H. Ketcheman's b. g. by Chorister-Zodiac. Mud, it appears, is the winner's forte. '
Articulate outfooted. Sir Dougal i* rounding to form. Prejudice won't do in umbrella
time. Royal Flush a slow breaker. Scratched— Strcngoll 113. Frank Bell 113, Senator Bruce
ICO. .
2SOO. FOURTH RACE— Six furlong*. 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
~ ~ < i ! I ~ Betting.
j Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. \. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op. Cl.
2729 Escalante 118 112 12 13 12- E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ransm 3 9-2
... Sombrero 118 4 23 210 213 2 2.1 G.B.Morris O'Connor 7-10 1-3
2766 Magi 110 5 31 3 2 32-3 10 W. E. Applegate Hoar 6 7
<2jSB) Carlo ....J..118 3 46 45 410 4 5 E. W. Purser Tamplin 10 25
2795 Tufts .....110 2 5 5-5 5 C. W. Chappell Stuart 20 100
Time— 1 ,, :25; 4. SI; V l:1"hi. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving. Win
ner. K. J. Baldwin & Co.'s eh. c. by Amigo-Colonias. Escalante is better than a fair one. ,
Sombrero galloped to the stretch. This race will do him good. Carlo not ready.
2510. FIFTH RACE— mile, selling; 4-year-olds upward; value to first. $323.
~ I Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St.' hi.. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. j Op. Cl.
2786 Horton, 5 108 32n 22 11.12 J. McGovern ....Hoar 4-5 7-10
2804 jßangor, 6 10S 5 i I 410 2 n Burns & Waterhsc.Ransch 6 7
Marlon Lynch. 4... 105 1 12 12 2535 J. Burrows Seel 8 7
2791 Rush Fields, a 107 2 3 1 3 3 3n 425 W. H. Ketcheman...O'Con 7-2 7-2
... Captain Games, 4..105J 444 42 5 5 W. G. Matthews. J. Mathw?: II) 20
Time— U. :27; H. 'Milk; ?i, 1:20; mile, IMS. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. J. McGovern's eh. h. by El Rayo-Fusillade's I^ast. Horton was never far
behind the leader. See on Marion Lynch threw the place away. Rush. Fields no wonder.
; Captain Galnes prefers dry footing. Scratched — 110. •
', 2511. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling, 3-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
1 Index. IllorEe, Age, Wt. St. 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ci.
2757 Reina de Cuba, 5... 104' 4 13 15 110 1 4 E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Ransm 6 6
2798 Sea Lion. 6 112 7 7231 2i 2 210 Caesar Young O'Connor 1 1
2792 Censor. 3 102 : 5 21 24 3 3 35 J. Rothert See 8 8
DM Pat Morlst>«y. a. ...104 8 31 4 2 42 4 M Burns & Waterhse..Ranschj 5-2 3
2756 Hungarian, i 104 2 8 8 8 5Vi G. W. Miller Waterbury 10 30
2793 Imperious, 6 105 8 51 55 5 2 6 2 Dr. H. E. Rowell.J. Mthwsl 8 16
2782 Monda. 5...... 107; 1 4 1 6 1 7 1 7 5 W. P. Fine Collls 10 SO
2776 Go.d Baron. C 104 6 6h _7 4 8 1 B__ H. L. Haskell....AVinslette DO' 100
Time— V :2'>. : »i. :^ 3 i: V 1:17%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wln
. ner. E. .1. Baldwin & Co.'s eh. m. by Emperor of Norfolk-Cuban Queen. Off on equal
terms with winner Sea Lion would have won. Censor quit early. Going not sloppy enough
for Mill rl— Imperious no account. Scratched— The Singer 104, Mike Rice 104, Lief Prince
102. Da Cam 107. Fine Shot 109.
Yesterday Frank Weir protested the pay- ¦
meat of the purse won by Montoya on
November 7. when carrying the colors of
Sandy McNaughton. and the protest was
sustained by the stewards. Montoya, it
would appear, is an entire horse, but on
November 7 was given A gelding allow
ance by the official programmer because
of having started once last spring carded
as a gelding. It being no fault of Mc-
Naughton. the association decided to give
that owner the purse and another purse
of the same amount to Frank Weir,
owner of Flattered, which finished second
to Montoya. This takes the flrlt named
colt from the maiden class and he will
not be a starter to-day.
To-3>ay's Entries.
The entries for to-day are as follows:
First race — Five furlongs; purse; maiden two
year-old fillies.
2788 Cathello 1031 2790 Josle G 103
2790 Malaspina 115 2790 Torila 102
2495 Lily Dale M 2 2780 Pheny L 102
26C3 Knocking* I<9 2790 Yankee Dame. .lls
2785 Peggy Mi1e5. ...106
Second race— One mile; selling: three-year
olds and upward.
2777 Joe Hock 112. 2789 Bedner 103
2733 Golden ...". MM 2794 Nilgar 109
2786 Romany 109! Ram Green 103
2701 The Gaffer ....mo 2800 Frank W00d5.. 109
2789 Nellie Forest ..100 2641.1. Boggs ..I1!t
2800 Billy Moore ...tMj 2774 Sunello 109
2701 Senator Mat'-
Ihe insurgents, who left five men dead.
One American was seriously wounded.
Captain Noyes of the Thirteenth In
fantry, commanding a detachment of fif
ty men, has captured a deserter named
Hichter of the Sixth Artillery, wearing
the uniform of an insurgent lieutenant.
Major Pitcher says he recen'ly captured
three officers and a large part of an in
surgent company, all fully armed. It i.<
believed the insurgents recently received
an illicit supply of munitions of war.
CATBALAGOX. Island of Samar. Nov.
1.— The insurgents are flocking north
ward. They are suffering greatly from
famine. Many isolated bolomen have sur
rendered. Only fear caused by Lukban's
proclamation threatening with death
those who surrender prevents a general
submission of the Insurgents, but it is ex
pected that this will be secured in a few
days.
McGOVTsTRN'S SPARRING
PARTNER KNOCKED OUT
Harry Forbes of Chicago Proves Too
Fast for Danny Dougherty of
Philadelphia.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 11.— Danny Dougherty
of Philadelphia. Terry McGovern's
sparring partner, was knocked out In the
second round of what wag to have been a
fifteen-round bout by Harry Forbes of
Chicago, in the arena of the West End
Club to-night. The men fought viciously
from the mart, but honors were even when
the bell tapped. In the second round. In
the midst of a savage exchange, Forbes
hit Dougherty's jaw with a terrific right
hand upper-cut, which whirled the Phila
delphian completely around and brought
him to the floor flat on his face. Five
minutes elapsed before Dougherty re
gained consciousness. MeGovern was In
Dougherty's corner. The men fought at
15 pounds.
Six-Day Walking- Match.
PITTSBUP.a, Oct. 11.-Old City Hall
was crowded at 12:30 this morning to ccc
the start in the six-day go-as-you-please
race for the championship. All the lead-
Ing heel-and-toe men in the country are
entered In the grind of 142 hours straight
away, including George Tracy, champion
of the I nlted States, and George Cart
wright, champion of England./ The track
is twenty laps to the mile, and twenty
two starters sprinted off In rapid style
when they got the word,
v A i* <1:35l :35 o>clock to-night Cavanaugh
broke the twenty-four hours' world record
covering 120 miles and 8 laps in 23 hours and
5 minutes. The best previous record, made
by George Cartwright at Philadelphia on
a eeventeen-lap track, was 120 miles and 7
Bowler Defeats Walthour.
MEMPHIS, Term., Nov. 11.— Jimmy
Bowler of Chicago defeated Bobby Wal
thour of Atlanta by a quarter of a lap in
the first hour of the six-day one hour a
night race, started In Confederate Hail
to-night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
Third race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
ypar-olds and upward. -
2791 Buck Tay10r. ...1041 2SII Imperious 104
2SOB Prejudice 104 27!>1 The Singer ....104
280.1 Einstein ..: 104 2789 .Koenig 104
2781 Rlnaldo 1041 2010 The Miller ....IC4
Fourth race— furlongs; Blue ] and 1 Gold
handicap; all ages. . . •
2SOB Articulate 120 .... Icicle Oil
2800 Diderot luo 2792 B. Sheppard.... 99
(276«) Homestead ....107 2795 Royalty 90
... Frank Kenney. 63 2SII Sea Lion 109
2797 Gibraltar 110
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
2810 Rush Fie1d5. ...107 (2791) Bedeck 107
John McGurk.. 98 1 2780 Morlnel ... 105
2370 Herculean 107 (2793)80nn1e Lissak. 98
(2Sos)Nannie Nolan.. 98 2805 Essence 107
2799 Golcione 10C I
Sixth race— One mile; belling; three-year-olds
and upward.
(2800) Mortgage 103 .... Com. Attorney.lo9
1683 Dunblane 112 2797 San Venad0....112
— Ball verso 109 2777 Ldy Meddle«m.lO9
2789 Fridolln 100 2800 El Oriente 100
2614 Hohenlohe 112 2791 Alas 100
Probable Winners.
First race— Malnepina, Jogie G, Oathello.
Second race — Billy Moore. >fll£ar, Sunello.
Third race — Buck Taylor, The Miller, Rlnaldo.
Fourth race — Homestead, Diderot, Icicle.
Fifth race — Bedeck. Uolilone. John McGurk.
Sixth race— San Venado, Mortgage, El Ori
ente.
BECKHAM MAKES
STINGING REPLY
Severely Arraigns Chief
Magistrate of the
Hoosier State.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 11.— Governor
Eeckham to-night addressed to Governor
Durbin of Indiana a letter replying to the
criticism by that executive of the courts
and officials of Kentucky In his recent
letter refusing to honor the requisition for
Taylor and Flnley, wanted for alleged
complicity in the assassination of Gov
ernor Goebel. He severely arraigns Gov
ernor Durbin for his refusal, charging
that in doing so he violated his oath of
office to support the constitution of the
United States, and that he became a party
after the fact to the most infamous crime
in the history of this State, the cold
blooded and dastardly murder of an emi
nent and distinguished citizen of Ken
tucky.
The Kentucky executive also charges
that Governor Durbin's action in refusing
was the result of the political bargain
made before his election to office, and
characterizes his charges against the
courts and officials of Kentucky as serious
and inexcusable misrepresentations. He
takes the stand that the Governor of a
State has no discretionary powers, but
only ministerial powers. In the honoring
of legally drawn requieitions from other
States, and this is taken here as an in
dication that steps will shortly be taken
in the courts to compel Governor Durbin
by mandamus to honor the requisitions. If
such proceedings are instituted they will
be in the courts of Indiana, and taken on
appeal to the Supreme Court.
Your Own Idea
In picture frame moldings can be grati
fied to the most minute detail among the
Eastern-made moldings we have Just re
ceived. There's an endless variety in
every conceivable shade and finish. You
might choose your own price, too, but
you'd find ours lower. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Defeats Los Angeles Golf Player.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 11.-At the Cincln
natl Golf Club grounds to-day Ralph Pe
ters of Cincinnati defeated Robert New
hall of Los Angeles with open handicap
cup by a score of 85 to 95.
The game to-day was made necessary
ao a result of a tie Dlaved Saturday.
SPEEDY SISQUOC'S
FRIENDS ARE MANY
Healey's Hound Backed
for Stake Honors at
Petaluma.
Open Plains Coursing Meet
ing Is Attracting Large
Crowds.
Sueclal Dispatch to The Call.
PETALI'MA, Nov. 11.— The afternoon
trains brought crowds of coursing enthu
siasts and, judging from the lively inter
est taken in the overnight pools, this
year's open plains meeting is already a
success. The people of this city are par
tisans of Sisquoc, Denny Healey's fast
greyhound, and ar^ figuring him a cer
tainty for the final flag. 'Ihey claim Sis
quoc is on home grounds and, besides, is
trained to the hour. The invaders, too,
have a strcftig leaning toward Healey's
champion and are playing him for stake
honors. One thing Is certain: If Sisquoe
does not beat everything he meets, there
will be general disappointment.
Charley Grlswold reports that the re
cent rains have laid the dust on the field
and left the ground in the best of condi
tion. Jn the matter of second choice, tho
talent figures that the winner of the Van
dal-A. J. Martin course stands a great
chance to reach the final. Vandal had a
hard course at Union Park on Sunday
last, and many figure that he cannot come
back against the Junior Champion.
1-yneh's youngster sold favorite in the
opening pool at 3 to E over his opponent.
Sacramento Boy will not be overlooked.
Ills backers claim that he has completely
recovered from his injuries and that he
will surprise the best of them. His posi
tion on the card Is a good one and he will
likely figure close to the big money. In
dications point to a large attendance at
the opening round to-morrow morning.
Among the arrivals are:
Ed Ford. Joe Mclnerney, M. Nealon, G.
Campbell, F. Campbell, James Hackett, M. C.
Olasson, Carl Chlarini, H. C. Klevesahl, Peer
Tiffany, Judge John Grace, James Grace, W.
1. Hlnchman, Teddy Hood, James Larkln,
George Malcolm, H. Maltland. George Sh«r
man, Frank McComb, C. C. Q-riswold, T. Ford,
John Shepston. A. Gonzales, Phil Wand, AY. J.
Browning, Jere Scanlan, William Breen, John
Henry. John Kerrigan, H. .Lynch, Otto Zahl,
D. Walsh and P. J. Reilly.
Sale of Thoroughbred Stock.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 11.-At the
Faslg-Lipton thoroughbred sale of stal
lions, brood mares and yearlings to-day
the best prices were: Clemeneea, b. m., 7,
C. W. Moore, J1000; chestnut weanling
colt by Ornament, dam Hutoka, H. P.
Headley, JNjOO; chestnut weanling colt by
Halma, dam Token, J. T. Williams.
Springs. Station, Ky.. $1005; imp. Sepia, b.
m., 8. J. C. Yeager, $1050. Seventy heal
sold for $19,305. *
SUNSET LIMITED RESUMES.
Overland Trains on the Coast Line.
Commencing on December 6 the famous
"Sunset IJmited" train will make tri
weekly trips, with equipment and serv
ice unsurpassed.
No effort will be spared to keep this
train fully up to the high standard at
tained in past seasons.
The route viR New Orleans steadily In
creases in popularity with the traveling
public, and the growth of the oil. rice and
other Industries in that section adds ad
ditional interest to this winter transconti
nental trip.
On same date overland train service
will be inaugurated on the Coast Line via
Monterey, San L,uis Obispo and Santa
Barbara, and this route will be followed
by the "Sunset Limited" in its flight to
New Orleans and New York.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL..
C N S terry & w L ACJ Lyman & w. USA
»Emile \V Lion, Cal L A Phillips & w.Almd
Albert Relfs, NY P AY Van Htoklen & w.
S Oampanari, N V Alameda
Flon & wife, NY. I Kequa & w, Piedmnt
J Schuman, N V Annie Lee, Poland, O
Mrs Luise Reuss, N V Mrs F Moffltt, Oaklnd
Edw Reuss, NY JO Moffltt, Oakland
E de Marcht, N X Mrs Q B Corderay &
A Dlppel, N V I daughters, Stanford
Louise Homer, NY EM Carr. Seattle
Sidney Homer, NY j E Beale, S Barbara
W Thornce. NY G H Falrchild, Island
,Edw de Reske, N V Mrs Fairchild, Island
Frltzl Scheft. NY SB McKee. Oakland
Perello. NY H W Meek. S Lorenzo
Camllli Seggard. NY Mrs Meek. 8 Lorenzo
David Blspham, N X \ Mabel C Craft Oakld
A Scottl, NY _ c van Warden, Sacto .
N ranke, NY E, D r , 9k Rhode Is , d
Baurmelßter, Is V H B BCnpr N V
? w m MS n nht e % N V " C LVppencoU. Pa '
P.£l ¦*£&>& Jose llrßo^l Ir ßo^T nn s Ot £- c
H \V Bladstone. Cal A J*™^' " >? V
C E Hume. Cal I * ™el ', N \r v
T R Pnspv T A L 13 L Barber. N V
H Q Brown Denver £ * F £ m ™* £• * V
Sterling Hughes, IU £ v . Hendry. N*.
F H Short & w Cal Mrs A Hendry. NY
Nat "Wilson, Denver Miss A Whitlock, N V
F R Culbertson, Wash J A Coran, Mass
C I Rader Salt Lake | Mrs Coran, Mass
D ,4tcVicker. Utah EL White, Mass
W G Filer Salt Lake J ° Johnston, Ohio
P L McDermott N V Mr Johnston, Ohio
A G Hubbard & Cal i Ma J A ** ADnel, USA
M Jaubert, N V i Mrs Appel, USA
A Sellgman & w N V C F Brandt, N M
M Sembrich, N V Mrs Brandt, N M
E P Bartlett. Sprgfld M G Dodge, Stanford
Suzzana A Stern, N V Mrs Dodge, Stanford
Leo Stern, NY AT Kettle. Rosa Val
N A Gladding & w.lnd H Elliott. Phila
J W Perkins, Portland RE Smith, Chicago
T. Gadskl & w, N V Mrs R E Smith, Chgo
A W Walker &w. Pa J T Adams, Chicago
W D Wood & w. Seattl Miss M Morgan, Alam
Mrs J Robinson. Rdwd'Mlss Morgan, Alamda
G W Vogel. Seattle W II Green St Louis
C E Green & w. S Mto'M R Hannah, N J
Miss Beans, Redwood |Mrs M R Hannah. NJ
.1 H Crumine. Los Ang'Mlss I Hannah, N J
T J Norton. Los Ang Miss E Hannah, N J
Miss Sara Norton. L A 'Mrs G N Skinner, Mich
Mt A s J^s Norton L AngiMiss « Miller. Bay C
E O C Ord & w.BenlclalF M Parker. Fla - -- '
G Lion & w> San Joee iW G Smith, Honolulu
Miss C. Lion, J an - lose E Rolker. N V "
A L Hanley. Seattle I . ¦-. '-
GRAND HOTEL '' : '%'
I yeg*ySjK vEStiSF
£ w -rT. hh ° maSl T Woodld Nat Goldsmith! St Joe
r^n J foVd Stnfd P il^ck^A^ 8
Lthel Stedston, Cal B Fleischer. Ro Vista
Emma English cal A C Belcher. Cal
L. G Bradley. Stanford Don Palmer. San Jos-
F S Burrell. San Jose W H Soderberg Nome
B L Moore, San Jose J F Crawley. Seattle
J Bars & w, N V C G Pratt, Pittsburg
J F Coonan, Eureka F Harkness. Los Ana
Dr McKinnon, Eureka H P Sharpe, Oxnard
J Babler & w, Ptland W E Newton&w. ('hire
Mrs D H Butler & dau, II A Hammond, N V
Washington ! F E Horton, N V
Jv W f'crliin?. Portland GO Hoffman. Mich
Miss B Kelley, Callstog Austln&w, s N J aj ¦
Mrs A Hood, Calietoya A C Spnng&w, Boston
A Hood & eon, Callstg M Kahn. Ky -
A M Kitchen & w, Chg C Serferd.w and child '
W R Neeley & w Pa Memphis, Term
Dr A H Luggett, Cal W B Sargent. Ohio
B F Wright. Del Monte Mlss H Korper, Mllplts
Mrs E Neehaus, Cal J Christensen. R Vista
N Franko. NY M C Chrlstengen, Cal
Mrs G Smith. Sacto T W McGregor. Mich i
R Craig. Redding - F s Whltwell, Boston
H II Webster, Stanfrd T Stanett & w, N V
J A Wilson, Stanford | Mrs B M Watts. St Lo
MiPtE M Graham, CalU L Frost, Sacto ¦ .
H J Frankston. LA jJ M Roberts. Cal ;
J Weil. Banger - ' S P Poland, San Joi,e
C S Vaughn. Texas p Patten, Napa
G E Thompson, Wash! E M Howard, 8 Mateo
P L Flaneean, Reno IJ H Armstrong, Boston
Mrs E H Hamond, F McLaughlin, Ind.
. Boston . IF S Ban, Arcata ;
:' NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
Mrs B Hildone, NY IE Purdln, Oregon v
A Lawrepc« NY M C Ernest. St Mich
H P Whitmore. N V Mrs Purdln & c, .Or
J Gallaway, Boston ¦ R R . Hijtgs, : Ogden
W Burton. . Boston ' Mrs Hlggs, Ogden ',
Mrs Colins & c, Ohio J Holden, . Ogden - '
Mrs Henry & c, Ohio Sergt Cassidy, Presld .
Mrs Daugherty. Ohio M R Agmar, Denver ¦•
W. Shelton, Ohio  ¦i C Jones. 4. Seattle
J G . Dehy, Stanford I V Zerete, lowa
i: winner. Stanford ; •
HARRY CORBETT PROPOSES TO BE IN
CONDITION TO HANDLE THE FIGHTERS
HARRY CORBETT, WHO IS TO REFEREE THE JEFFRIES-RI'HT.IN CONTEST. DOES NOT INTEND TO TAKE
ANY CHANCES IN THE RING. HE HAS TAKEN THK VETERAN GEOKGK SILERS ADVICE AND IS DO
ING HIS STUNT DAILY.
HARRY CORBETT, who was se
se!(H-tP(I to referee the heavy
weight championship contest on
Friday evening, has gone Into
training. Every day Corbett
has taken a spin on the road to remove
superfluous flesh and Is strengthening his
arms in preparation of forcing Jeffries
and Ruhlin apart when they clinch. Cor
bett is reported to be in good condition
and ready to enter the ring at a minute's
notice.
Mr. Corbett has thought out a plan of
action that he will adhere to during: the
fight. He expects to render a decision
that will satisfy every spectator. He is
in hopes, however, that the contest will
not go the distance. Mr. Corbett said:
I have a thorough knowledge o£ the Marquis
of Queensberry rules. 1 have read the articles
of agreement under which the men will contest
and I am sure there will be no delay or dis
pute when the men are In the rinsf. There
lore when I tell them to break I want them to
do bo without delay. I hope It will be un
necessary for me to step between the contest
ants to torce them apart. They are experienced
boxers and have a knowledge of the rules gov
erning the game of flsttcufrs. When a man is
knocked down 1 will Insist upon tne other re
tiring to hla corner or a sufficient distance, ao
that the man knocked down may rise it It be
in his power. I will be particularly on the
alert lor fouling, but I will not disqualify a
man for fouling unless he has deliberately at
tempted to do »o. In boxing there are unin
tentional fouls that are committed and I be
lieve It to be in the province of a referee to
overlook them. They are trivial and do neither |
man any harm. Both men are known to be
fair fighters and 1 look for no trouble from
them.
Queensberry Rules.
The Marquis of Queensberry rules, un
der which the men will battle, are as fol
lows:
1. To be a fair stand-uo boxins; match In a
twenty-tour foot ring, or as near that size
as practicable.
2. No wrestling or hugging allowed.
3 The rounds to be or three minutes' dura
tion, and one minute time between rounds.
4. If either man fall, through weakness or
otherwise, he must get up unassisted, ten sec
onds to be allowed him to do so, the other man
meanwhile to return to his corner, and whtn
the fallen man is on his legs the round is to be
resumed and continued until the three minutes
have expired. If one man fails to come to the
scratch in the ten seconds allowed it shall be
In the power of the referee to give his award
in iavor of the other man.
6. A man hanging on the ropes In a helpless
state, with his toes off the ground, shall be con
sidered down.
6. No seconds or any other rerson to be
allowed in the ring during the rounds.
7. Should the contest be stopped by any un
avoidable interference the referee to name time
and place, as soon aB possible, for finishing
the contest; so that the match must be won and
lost, unless the backers of both men agree to
draw the stakes.
8. The gloves to be fair sized boxing gloves
of the best quality and new.
9. Should a glove burst or come off It must
be replaced to the referee's satisfaction.
10. A man on one knee is considered down,
and if struck Is entitled to the stakes.
1. No shoes or boots with springs allowed.
12. The contest in all other respects to be
governed by revised London rules.
EileT Gives His Views.
George Slier, the famous referpe. gave
his views on refereelng ring contests. He
said:
Years ago I read the Marquis of Queensberry
rules vtiy carefully and came to the conclusion
that a referpe did not enter the ring to fight.
He is fiimply there to see that there is fair
play and give a decision if necessary. I do
not think the referee will have any trouble
Friday nlftht. Both men have fought repeat
edly and will undoubtedly abide by the rul
ings and instructions of the referee.
The referee In the ring should be cool and
collected. He should pay no attention to the
howis of the mob or the roars and cheers for
one man or the other. He should keep as
close to the contestants as he possibly can.
60 that If there is a knockdown tip will be
ready to count an quickly as possible and to
see that the other man retires far enough
away to allow the knocked down man to get
up. The question oX sending a man to his cor
ner, which of course the rules call for. is
wrong: in a senre. When the rules were
framed It was meant by the framer to send
the man to his corner, but what was to pre
vent a man standing over his opponent if the
latter was knocked down in hie corner? I am
of the opinion that when a man is knocked
down the other man should retire a sufficient
distance.
The referee, if possible, should b« in a posi
tion to see in between the men. He need not
break them apart, but at times this cannot be
avoided. Fighters of experience have always
obeyed me when T quietly warned them to
bre.ik. The best way for a referee to gauge
himself on clinches is to step forward with
the man who is golna; to lead. If there is to
be hitting In the clinches the referee should
not attempt to go between the men when they
are locked, for he might be struck or give one
of the men an unexpected advantage.
Peter Maher is coming to this city to
challenge the winner of the championship f
contest. He sent word to Manager Ken- '
nedy of the Twentieth Century Club that
he would be. at the ringside. Maher a
few nights ago knocked out Jefford.s. the
California heavy-weight. In the event
that Sharkey does not come to this city I
and Fitzslmmons declines to meet the
winner of the fight, the Irish champion I
will be pitted against the victor in De
cember.
Preliminary Events.
"Spider" Welch and Joe Fields have
been matched to go eight rounds on the
night of the contest. They will battle for
the bantam championship of the coa.st.
Fields for two years was champion ama
teur bantam of the coast. Welch has a
reputation of being clever and a' stiff
puncher. Mike Curtin. a cousin of "Spl- j
dtr" Kelly, will box eight rounds with i
Billy Condon the same evening. The men j
will weigh in at 140 pounds.
During the championship battle the Pa- I
v:!ion will be in semi-darkness. This will
be necessary for the success of the mov
ing pictures. All the lights will be cen
tered on the ring and the spectators will
be able to watch every move of the con
testants.
The doors will be opened at 7 o'clock
en the evening of the battle. People hold
ing tickets for the gallery must present
them at the entrance on the Grove-street
side of the Pavilion. Only holders of re
served tickets will be allowed to enter at
the main entrance on the Larkin-street
side. There is every prospect of a crowd
ed house. The advance sale insures a
large attendance. The carpenters are bus- |
ily engaged at the Pavilion putting up \
boxes and the ring. It is the intention of j
the management to have Ruftlin and Jef
tries in the ring at 9:15 o'clock.
I think Jeffries is better than he ever was
before in his life. He is faster and cleverer.
I think he has improved 50 per cent since he
last fought In San i-'ranclsco. In his training !
the eha melon shows much good nature and
life. Nothing seems to bother him. and to my
mind this Is the best indication In the world
that he Is In good condition. It Is hard to j
say how long the fight will last. It will de- |
pend wholly upon the way Ruhlin will fight.
I fhink if Ruhlin fights as I have usually seen
him fijht. It will go over fifteen rounds. ;5o
far as the referee !¦ concerned he will have
no trouble at all. He could sit outside the
ring. There will be no fouls, as they are the
fairest fighters in the world.
At Jeffries' Quarters.
Jeffries worked fast in the gymnasium
of the Reliance Club yesterday morning, j
The big boiler-maker punched the bag |
and boxed eight fast rounds with Arm
strong and his brother. He then skipped
the rope, toyed with the rowing machine
and did other stunts. In the afternoon !
he performed before the moving picture
machine. Jeffries was too accommodat
ing. He had just finished a hearty lunch
and in order to please the manipulator of
the machine the champion did a great
amount of work on a full stomach.
Everybody thought Jim made a great
mistake In doing this.
Tom Jeffries, a brother of the cham- j
pion. was a visitor at training quarters. |
He is 30 years of age. but has never seen
San Francisco, having remained In Los
Angeles all his life. Jim will initiate his
brother in a few days.
George Slier watched Jeff go through
his performance and in an interview said:
I never saw Jeffries look better. He is much
faster on his feet. From the work I have swn
him do. Jeff has changed hi* aositlon. He
used to spread In taking his attitude. He now
keeps his feet closer tos p ther and as a result
he snrlrgs quickly and carries all his weight
with hla blows. The battle ought not so to
a finish.
Coach for Basket-Bali Team.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 11.— The basket
ball players of the Santa Rosa High
School will have a coach from Berkeley
University to help them win the games
they are to play in the near future Miaa
Alma Stockwell has been engaged to
teach them a few of the new tricks of
the game. Miss Stockwell was a member
of the basket-ball team of the University
of California last year and she undoubt
edly will be of great service to the local
Players. The first game of this year in
which the Santa Rosa girls will figure
is to be with the Alameda basket-ball
team. The match will take place in this
city next Saturday afternoon
"Spike" Sullivan Defeated.
BUFFALO, Nov. 11.-"Curle y " Supples
°i £* n o^f, S Yen the decision over
"Spike Sullivan after a twenty-round
bout before the International Athletic
Club at Fort Erie to-night. Sullivan was
to the end. hed> bUt f ° USht *«£&«&
a US RUHL.IX underwent a thor- '
oufrh physical examinatfon at the^-
Six Mile House yesterday after
noon at the hands of Dr. C. A.
Clinton. . The physician pro
nounced Ruhlin a magnificent type of the
trained athlete and thoroughly sound
from the crown of his head to the soles
of his feet. The examination 'was made
Immediately after the Akron boxer had
been rubbed . down after his afternoon ¦
gymnasium work. Dr. Clinton tapped and
sounded Ruhlin's chest, listened to the
well-gaited beats of his heart, and could
not find a serious flaw in the big fellow's
make-up. Ruhlin 'a heart was somewhat
enlarged, like those of all athletes who
indulge in violent exercise, but Dr. Clin
ton said that Jeffs blood-pumping organ
was in the same condition, ana that this
cardiac hypertrophy, as the condition 13
technically termed by medical" men. would
not retard the physical prowess or endur
ance of either man. Dr. Clinton said:
Ruhlin's frame, as the measurements show,
is massive. He Is strongly and well knit, and -
capable of giving and taking a great deal ot
punishment. He 13 aa straight and supple aa
an Indian, and it behooves Jeffries to enter
the arena Friday nfght in the pinS at condition,
for he will have to use his utmost endeavors. •
mentally and physically, to down this de- .
scendant of • the sturdy Swiss mountaineers. '
Ruhlin's measurements, as taken yester
day by Dr. Clinton, are as follows:
Weight. 200 pounds: height. 6 feet IV reach
75%; ankle. 10; calf, IS: thigh. 22*,: wrist. 714
forearm, 12' = : arm above biceps, lS^i; nocli. '
ISV4: waist, 33: chest at rest. 41: cheat forced
inspiration. 43'^: cheat forced expiration 3S_
British Tug Bermuda Missing.
PORT TOWNSF.Xt). Wash.. Nov. 11.-
Some fears are entertained for the saf.-t/
of the British log Berasda, which It ft
Texada Island. British Columbia m
urday night for Tacoma. towing a bar«>->
laden v.ith several hundred tona of copper
ore. Yesterday she was sighted in 'th
straits a considerable distance off ber
course and was unable to make any head
way against the strong wind. To-day the
wind increased in velocity and caus a
considerable anxiety.
4k '
I Results
i Are What Tell
i ?
]i » '^ .. ¦
j » One day of results Is of more
* valus than a lifetime spent
] > in talk, and the result of tho
i » high standard of quality of
f Hunter
i! Whiskey
I Is Shown by Its
Z Popularity v.F OUR THOUSAND
PER FRONT FOOT
Market-Street Property
Goes to Gunst at
That Rate.
Gord Prices Are Received
at the Sale of Piper
Holdings.
Mose Gunst bought Market street prop
erly at the auction sale of the properties
of the heirs of the late William A. Piper,
which took p'.ace yesterday at the office
cf G. H. Umbsen & Co. The parcel te
culred by Gunst is the building and land
now occupied by Bovee, Toy & Sonntag
•&.1 others on the north line of Market
S'eet. opposite the Palace Hotel. The
price offered and accepted was $$2,000. The
lot is 20 feet on Market street, with a
depth cf SO feet. This fixes the price of
Market street property in that locality a!
more than 54000 per front foot. Tne im
provements consist cf an old two-stcry
and basement brick building, which would
be of little value in other localities.
Ncs. 712. 714, and 716 Kearny street, on
the southeast corner of Merchant, with
a three-story and basement brick build
ing, the lot being 40xCS:9, brought $45,000;
lot "3x112:6 on the corner of Bush and
Larkin streets brought 57030. A lot 30x
2VJ.6 on the corner of Larkin street and
Ic-rn avenue was sold for $7iWO. Two lcls
between the last two named went lor
SaSQ and %*2 respectively. Six lots run
ning from Bush street to Fern avenue,
with frontage of 25 feet on both streets
and depth 100 feet, sold for $3500 to
$3^59 each, according to preference.
The southwest corner of Bush and
Franklin streets, running through to the
comer of Fern avenue, the lot being
144:V!xi20. with improvements consisting of
r.ve 2-story and basement houses of four
leen rooms and bath each, went for
546,300. No. 21S Front street, between Cali
fornia and Sacramento, 25x87:6, with two
story and basement brick building,
brought £23,200. Nos. 225 and 227 Third
street, east corner of Tehama, the lot "be
ing iOxSJ and the improvements including
frame buildings containing a store with
fiat above, was- sold for $18,600. The north
corner of Third and Clementina streets,
-s*x.l'js feet, with frame improvements, sola
iF: $3J«.4W. The sale of other properties
-»ras postponed to a date to be announced.
TWO CAVALRY THOOFS
ARRIVE AT PRESIDIO
Officers Ordered From California -to
Philippines and Others Assigned
to Their Places.
Troops H and L of the Fifteenth Cav
:.ave returned to resume duty in this
- six months' of service in the
I arks of the State. Major Louis
been in command, and has
:t-rous recommendation? to the
at of the Interior in regard to
lasPfWßßßsent of those public reserva
which have been inspected by him.
D F: l iay with BSi
a detachment of the
-¦hth Infantry and casuals from
Barracks. Only a few of the
at the Presidio are drilled
-• nt to the Philippines
service.
Elon F. Willeox. Sixth Cavalry,
relieved from duty in this depart
. will leave for the Phii:;
A. Wclf reported to General
- ! eflterday, and has been assigned
ty at the Presidio.
Wax Department has ordered Major
/. h Garrard. Ninth Cavalry; I
Twentieth Infantry, and
: Q. McCa/nmon to this State
in the East, where they
• cruiting duty.
Foueht in the Dark.
Therr was a free fight in B'nai B"rith !
lock Sunday morning, on
n of a dance for the benefit oi
Brien, known as "th-*
•ed k •Tough house" and was
t. He returned and a free fight i
wed. during which the lights
• and the fighting was contin- '
¦ c daik. A posse of police ar- '
•he fcene and O'Brien. Jamos
am, Ch&rlea Feeler.. John Cnghlan
irere umted for dis
¦".' peace. They appeared before
f-sterday and all were dis-
O'Bri*>n. whose case was
¦ to-morrow. Duiing the
¦he women made their escape
through a rear window.
San Francisco, Tuesday, 12 November, 1901. fj
To-day only.
I Special, $3.65.
If. For one day — to-day (Tuesday) we will offer the above |
For one day— to-day (Tuesday) we will offer the above
pictured handsome rocker at the special figure of $365. The r
regular price of this rocker is $550. It has a cobbler seat . 1
studded with brass nails, and we offer you the choice of two g
! woods and finishes oak finished golden brown or birch fin- |
ished mahogany color. Sale begins at 8 this morning and |
closes promptly at 6p. m. No more than one rocker will be |
Isold to any one purchaser. " : ':- : '\
Bear in mind.. please, that any article bought of us may be . §
returned if it does not . prove satisfactory. <- . I
t2 : . ; d ' |
|\ (Successors to California Furniture Co.) J
I 957 to 977 MarKet Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. l
ROANOKE HELPS THE REINSURANCE
SPECULATORS BY KEEPING AFLOAT
Twice the Underwriters Advance Rates on the Vessel and
Twice She Is Spoken, Once Off the River Platte and
Again Off the Horn — Race to Queenstown Is On
_»_ ¦ . . . ._ '" . .. ¦ ' A . ¦ ¦ .- ¦ : . »
AREIXSURAXCK flurry arose yes
terday. The oft-quoted Roanoke
was spoken oft the Horn, and
the rates on her at once dropped
from 25 to 8 per cent.
The Rcanoke left Norfolk, Va., 154 days
~.:n Francisco with a cargo of
When she was a u-w weeks out a
teasel similar to the coal-laden ship was
n fire off the Virginia coast.
As Boon U the news reached New YorK
the underwriters became worried and re
insurance at once was quoted. From ii
it went to 45 per cent, and then news
i ame late in June of the vessel having
boen spoken. From that time on the rate
gradually dropped until the Roanoke was
vff the board.
Then there came another revulsion of
feeling among the underwriters. A num
ber of coal-laden vessels arrived with car
heated, and one was burned to the
THE AMERICAN SHIP ROANOKE, WHICH HAS TWICE BEEN QUOTED AS OVERDUE AND ON WHICH REIN
SURANCE WENT AS HIGH AS 45 PER CENT. ONE OF THE GRAIN FLEET HOMEWARD BOUND SPOKE
HER OFF STATEN ISLAND.
water's edge while in port. Again the.
Roanoke was placed on the overdue list,
but at first only 6 per cent v;as offered on
her. Gradually the rate again went up,
until last Friday she was quoted at 30 per
cent. Saturday she dropped, to 25 per
cent, and yesterday came the news tha.
on September 9, in latitude 54 degrees
south, longitude 64 degrees west (oft
Staten Island), she was spoken by a
homeward bound grain ship, "all well.
Still the Roanoke is a long time coming
from the Horn, and should be here any
time now.
The other overdues are the GlenDreck,
now out 178 days from the Tyne for Val
paraiso, on which M per cent is being
paid: the La Tour d'Auvergne. 180 days
out from Swansea for San Francisco, on
which 25 per cent is being paid; the. An
plia. 129 days out from Newcastle, IS. S.
W for Panama, on which 30 per cent is
being paid, and the Gleneaird. 178 days
out from Newcastle. England, for San
Francisco, on -vhirh the underwriters ar.>
willing to wager SO per cent that she will
not arrive. •
Italian Versus French.
The Italian ship F. S. Ciampa and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
French bark La Bruyere both sailed for
Wueenstown yesterday. Both are wheat
laden and will each try to land the cargo
first on English soil. Captain Maresca
says that the F. S. Ciampa will undoubt
tdly be the first to cross the line, while
Captain Lesage s-uys if he is not the first
around the Horn he will give up sailor
ing. From this it would appear that th o
race is only to Cape Horn, but still the
captain of the first ship around the cape
of storms will not consider he has lost,
but will keep on just the same, and if ho
reaches Queenstown ahead of his oppj
n^nt will say he won. The La Bruyere is
the favorite in the betting, and her
friends say they would not be surprise 1
if she heat grain vessels home that leit
here a week ago.
Charters.
The French bark Grand Duchesse Olga is
chartered prior to arrival to load wheat at
Portland for Europe, Sos; the British ship
Travancore, same, 41s Cd.
The British steamer Langbank will load
wheat at Portland for St. Vincent for orders,
Ss=. nrior to arrival.
The new schooner W. F. Garms is chartered
for lumber from TacoTna to Melbourne, 47s 6d.
The barkentlne \Y. H. Dimond will load
merchandise here for Honolulu and the ship
Marion Chilcott same for Hilo.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer From. I Due.
South Portland Seattle Nov. 12
Rival WiUapa Harbor INov. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 12
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 12
Grace Dollar.. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Washtenaw... Tacoma Nov. 12
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 13
Edith Seattle Nov. 13
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 13
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 13
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 13
Walla Walla., j Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 13
Tellus Oyster Harbor Nov. 13
Asuncion Tacoma Nov. 14
Santa Rosa Ban Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov. 14
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Ran Pedro Humboldt Nov. 14
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Ramses Seattle Nov. 15
China China and Japan Nov. 16
G. W. Elder...) Portland & Astoria Nov 16
J. S. Kimball..j Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 16
Pomona ! Humboldt Nov. 16
State of Cal ' San Dlegro & Way Pts. Nov. 17
North Fork : Humboldt Nov. 18
L'matilla ! Puset Sound Ports Nov. IS
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 19
Alameda | Honolulu Nov 20
Australia | Tahiti Nov 21
Columbia i Portland & Astoria Nov. 21
Hyades New York via Panama Nov. 22
City of Fuebla Puget Sound Porta |Nov. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Fails. Pier.
¦November : 12. ' I . ! •:¦ ¦
Mandalay Coquille River .....110 am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor „ 12 m Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9am Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 13. ' ¦¦• •
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Ana...' Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Rival Willapa Harbor — 6 pm Pier 2
> • November 14. ¦¦¦¦-; •-
Arcata Coos 8ay..:.... 12 m Pier 13
Sta. Barbara Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Peru Valparaiso & Way. 12. m Pier 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
• November 15.
Empire....... Coos Bay ...>.. 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am Pier 3
Gr. D011ar.... Grays Harbor 5 ptn Pier 2
November 16.
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena... 2 pm Pier 2
H'ngkgMaru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
¦ . November 17.. .¦ -¦•:•! ¦ :
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puget. Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 18.
San Pedro... Humboldt ........... 10 am Pier 2
Newport Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
November 10. I |
G. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 2«>. ¦ t ¦:.¦, . ¦
i Ramses Hambure ii Way ....... Pier 27
¦ — -. »-' ¦•-. /.-'.¦ ¦ • ' November .21. :¦ ¦-¦!.",,,
Rainier Seattle & N. • What. :...... ..:.."."..
J. S. Kimhall Seattle. & Tacoma .V.;;v.\l
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Cnas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Dirlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. jNov. 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. |Nov. 16
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way |Nov. 25
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 10.
Schr Lottie Carson, Anderson, 32 hours from
Eureka.
Monday. November 11.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 57 hours from Port
land, via Astoria. 45 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 13 hcun from Moss
Landing.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, 4 days from Na
nalmo.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, 27 days from
Honululu.
si... 1 vjipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Moss
Landing. i . •", •
¦ ' Stmr laqua, Gunderson, 45 hours from San
Diego. ; , . - . - .. ;, . ...
Schr Orient. Sanders, 8 days . from Grays
Harbor. ' S" .¦ ' '
Br sh.'n Scottish Isles. Stone., 122 days from
Hamburg-.' ' ' • ..-' ii •¦" V
Stmr bouth Portland, Sears, 105 hours from
Seattle. . • -. ... - .
- a CLEARED. .. '. .-.. 
. Monday, November 11.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, for Eureka, the
Chas Nelson Company.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, for Victoria
and Port Townsend, Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br schr Alexander, Bahn, for Guayaquil, via
Fort Bragg, W. R. Grace & Co.
SAILED. • • ?¦
Monday, November 10.
Fr bark La Bruyere, Lesage, for Queens
town.
Ital ship F S Ciampa, Maresca, for Queens
town. i ..- /¦
Stmr Matteawan, Croscuo, for Tacoma.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, for Moss Land
' Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, for Greenwood.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT r LOB OS, 10 p m— Weather hazy
wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
LAUNCHED.
From White's ship yard at Everett, Wasn,
Nov 10— Schr Wm F Garms. »*»c. .
SPOKEN.
Sept 9. lat 54 S, lon 64 W-Ship Roanoke, for
Francitsco. . • •¦ .
Per ship Geo Curtis, arrived from Honolulu
Nov 11— Nov 3. lat 36 44 N. lon 36 50 \V, spoke
bark Hollinswood. 62 days trom China for
Callao, and supplied him with flour and fruit
Sept 6, lat 67. S, lon £5 W-Br ship Ardna
murchan, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia
MEMORANDUM.
Per smr ZTitania-Nov 11, saw. Bhlp George
Curtis anchored off the lightship, 1 from Hono
lulu, for San Francisco; a British ship about
live miles southwest of San Francisco, and
two ships about five miles south of Point
Reyes, all bound to San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 10-Stmr Arcata
hence Nov 7.
i Arrived Nov 11-Stmr Empire, hence Nov 8
¦Sailed Nov. 11-Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
* REDONDO— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr ' Geo
Loomis, hence Nov 9, and sailed for San Fran
CiSCO. •>¦'&"-
Arrived Nov 11— Schr Stimson, from 1 Baling
TACOMA-Arrivc-d Nov 10-Schr Annie Larl
sen. from San Pedro. .
Sailed Nov 11— Schr Glendale, for San Fran
Cisco; bktn Quickstep, for Kahulul- strnr
Olympla. for. Hongkong; stmr Glenroy for
London. ; - .
Arrived ° V 11— Stmr Umatilla, ' from San
Francisco. •«•—
' SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 11— Schr Ivy
from Cces Bay. ¦ ¦ - \ Ivy
Arrived Nov : 10— Schr Oceania Vance, : from
SEAT TLE-Sailed ° V . 11-Stmr" Edith' for
San Francisco. < "" ~
g) Arrlved Nov- Stmr City of Topeka. from
Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Rainier! hence w»,
6. and sailed for New Whatcom; stmr Uma
tilla. from San Francisco. .-* . . . a
Sailed Nov 10— Etmr Despatch, for Fairhaven
stmr Farallon, for Skaguay: stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San Francisco; stmr Walla Walla for
San Francisco. • . "v 1 ™
BOWUNS LANDING— Nov 11-Stmr
Scotia, for. San Francisco; .. stmr Gualala for
San Francisco. ¦ .-•-. x. l " tt " x -«>r
. Arrived Nov. 10— Stmrs Scotia' and Navarre ¦
hence Nov 9: schr Ocean Spray, hence Nov 2
schr Bf»nder Bros, hence Nov 8.... - . *
NEAH BAY— Passed out Nov 10— TJ s gtm-
Bear, for San Francisco; schr Ludlow for Ran
Pedro: bark Gen Fairchild, for Fremantle
EUREKA-Arrlved Nov 10-Stmr Pasadena
from. San Pedro; stmr, Newsboy,' from Usal
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
Cisco; Fchr Minnie A Came, for San Francisco"
Arrived Nov 11-Stmr Eureka, hence Not a
.' Sailed Nov 11-Schr .Tames A Garfleid . f<v-
San Francisco: bark Coloma, for San Dieirn ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 10-Schr W»t
»on A West, for Port Pirie; schr Defiance for
Suva. Fiji Islands; Echr W F Witzenann." for
Hl lo. " ¦ ' ¦ ....-.-. ¦¦¦ ' ¦ ..
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 11 at' 4-20 p m
stmr . Weatport, from . Rockport, for San Fran
cisco. "
SAN . DlEGO— Arrived Nov :, 11— Schr M»h*i
Gray, from Eureka. - ' ' '»aDei
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov -11— Stmr Geo W
Elder,' hpnee Nov 9; stmr Signal, from Enrplro
bktn Echo, from Eleele, not schr Arago as re-
P °NEW ¦ WHATCOM— Arrived Nov . li-stmr
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 11— a tmr
Rainier, hence Nov 6. '. "" stmr
PORT LOR ANGELES— Arrived Nov' 11-
Stmr ; Santa Rosa, •' from San -Francisco . : i
¦ Sailed Nov -.11— Stmr Santa . Rosa, - for San
Diego.- ¦ ¦••••.', . ':' ¦ ¦ ¦ '
PORTLAND, Or— Arrived _ Nov Bark
Francois Coppe. • from . Hongkong: stmr Slenal
from Eureka; stmr George W Elder, from s«n
Francisco. / ;-,' ¦¦ v - . aa -"
. Sailed Nov 11— Ger ".ship Nesaya, for Queens
town;' Br. stmr Crusader, for Manila; stmr
lance. for San Francisco. ¦-.. .'*•¦
VICTORIA," B C— Arrived Nov n_ tmr G#o
W Elder, from 1 San -j Francisco stmr Slenjii •
from Eureka. " »snai.
. >>. EASTERN : PORT. . ¦ '¦ ." v
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 9— S stmr M»ri
etta, for Colon. •- . ' / ¦ r*^ I *.
• FOREIGN ; PORTS. .
. LADYSMITH— SaiIed •' Nov 9— Nor stmr ' Tel
lus. for » San ¦Francisco.", •-¦. -. .... .' •". , .-
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Nov '^ 9— Br ' shin
Cypremene, . from Oregon. ' " ¦'.'.:.-.¦ ¦*- ¦¦".
.'Sailed. Nov 9 — Br ship Dynomene, for Run
corn. - •-'¦¦:'.%.-. -.¦¦..-•-..
Balled Nov B— Fr bark Jane Gulllon. for Hull
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Oct : Nor bark
WIRELESS SEA
SERVICE OPENS
Operator Is Now Send
ing Messages by Way
of Reyes.
Experiments Daily Made to
Insure Certainty of
Success.
The use of wireless telegraphy for the
purpose of connecting the Farallones and
the mainland of California has actually
begun. There has been no blare of trum
pets about the matter. The Department oi
Agriculture has sent a skilled man to this
State, who has had practice in the East
with wireless telegraphy, and he is now at
Point Reyes, where he is observing the
peculiarities of the climate and daily com
municating with the Weather Bureau In
this city. The original plan was to have
the Farallones connected directly with
Point Lobos. For some reason this has
been modiried, and the beginning of the
service will be between the Farallones and
Point Reyes. From the latter point in
formation received from North Farallon
Island will be sent to this city by wire.
The observatory building of the Weather
Bureau at Point Reyes is nearly com
pleted. The roof is not on, but will be
soon. When the station is ready to be
used the wireless telegraphy will begin.
The prospect is that it will be used during
part of the present rainy season, and it
may be able to signally demonstrate Its
"merits in the next few months. There is
little doubt that the original plan of hav
ing wireless communication between the
North Farallones and Point Lobos will be
adopted after a time.
Sydenham, for Tacoma., via Taltal.
CALJ-AO— Arrived Sen I— Chll bark Tosemite,
from Tacoma.
HIOGO— In port Oct 16— Jap atmr Shinano
Maru, for Victoria.
COLON— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Californian.
from New York.
HASTINGS MlLLS— Sailed Nov B— Schr Se
home, for lquique. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 11— Br ship
Dynomene, hence June 16.
ROYAL, ROADS— Arrived Nov 11— Chll bktn
Hawaii, from Taku.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 10— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence Oct 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Sax
onia, from Boston, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Nov 11— Stmr Norwegian,
for Boston.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Nov 9— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Genoa and Naples, for New
York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Bovic.
from Liverpool.
Sun, Moon and
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Franciaco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 12.
Sun rises 6:48
Sun sets 5:00
Moon sets 6:02 p. m.
Time.| Time' TimeJl Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HWLWH W L AY
12 .. 0:50 4.4 5:08 2.9 11:20 5.7 6:16—0.2
13 .. 1:35 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.5 6:50 — 0 2
14 .. 2:IS 4.4 6:IS 3.2 12:20 5.4 7:30—0.1
15 .. 3:02 4.5 7:07 3.2 12:56 5.2 8:10 0.0
16 .. 3:46 4.6 8:05 3.2 1:41 4.9 855 0 2
17 .. 4:27 4.7 9:15 3.2 2:43 4.7 9:45 0 5
IS ... 3:111 *¦* 10:30 3.0 '3:59 4.4 10:40 0.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Will Soon Be a Hulk.
The schooner Sparrow has been pur
chased by the Piper-Aden-Goodall Com
pany and is now being transformed into
a coal hulk. The firm's business has
grown so of late that more facilities for
handling coal have become necessary, and
the Sparrow was purchased to make a
companion to the Carbon. The Sparrow
is an old-timer, having been built on Oak
land Creek in 1869. Sne is now being dis
mantled at Mission-street wharf, and in
a few weeks will be a first-class hulk.
Water-Front Notes.
The steamer Mandalay while south
bound from Ooquille River almost ran
down a deer swimming in the open sea.
The vessel was stopped and after some
maneuvering the animal was got aboard
The captain thinks the animal was
driven to the water by hunters and swam
to sea in order to escape them.
The ship George Curtis, from the isl
ands, anchored on the bar yesterday
morning. The tide was against her and
the captain would not accept a tow, so
he had to anchor until the tide turned.
The new four-masted schooner Watson
A. West sailed from Grays Harbor for
San Francisco yesterday. She was built
at White's shipyards for San Francisco
parties.
The new steamship Kamona. now being
built for the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company by Hay & Wright, will b-3
launched during the present month. She
is intended for the southern trade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Oldest and Best.
S. S. 1 S. is a combination of roots
and herbs of great curative powers,
and when taken into the circulation
searches out and removes all manner
of poisons from the ; blood, without
the least shock or harm to the system.
On the contrary, the general health
begins to improve from the first dose,
for S. S. S. is not only a blood purifier,
but an excellent tonic, and strength-
ens * and builds up the constitution
while purging the blood of impuri-
ties. S. S. S. cures all diseases of a
blood poison origin, Cancer, Scrofula,
Rheumatism,. Chronic Sores and
Ulcers, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt
. Rheum, Herpes and similar troubles,
and is an infallible cure and the only
antidote for that most horrible disease,
Contagious Blood Poison. -
* A record ¦; of nearly ; fifty years of
successful cures is a record to be proud
of. S. S. S. is more popular today
than ever. : It numbers its friends by
the ; thousands. ; Our medical . corres-
pondence !is larger, than ever in the
history of the medicine. ; Many write
to thank us for the great good S. S. S.
has done them, 1 while others are seek-
ing advice about their cases. All
letters receive prompt and : careful
attention. Our physicians have made
a life-long study of Blood and Skin Dis-
eases, and better understand such cases
than the ordinary . practitioner who
makes a specialty >of no one disease.
jfiglfr xwk 'stßSs.' c are doing , great
fg^ tt^ good to suffering
humanity through
Lj^l^our consulting de-
i*WP } majr*G& partment, and invite
you to write us if , you have any blood
or skin trouble. We make no charge
whatever for this service. ;
- THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. ;
ADVEBTTSEMENTS,
PART AND PARCEL.
WjWJ) DA INTY box, an exquisite wrapper, a deli-
|ei%% cate color, and a clinging fragrance — yet all
|||g these will not cleanse the skin! Has it ever
rc^^ occured to you that you pay big prices for
these things ? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one— a strictly pure soap. Remember
. you pay for perfume whenever you buy it mixed
with soap. Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those who bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
IVORY SOAP — 99n*So PER CENT. PURE.
ELISE SONNENBERG
COMMITS SUICIDE
Melancholia Caused by Grieving Over
Her Mother's Death Drives Her
Into Insanity.
Miss Elise Sonnenberg. daughter of
Samuel Sonnenberg of 1502 California
street, committed suicide early yesterday
morning in the family residence by Inhal
ing illuminating gas.
Miss Sonnenberg was accustomed to
sleep with her niece, Miss Marion. That
young lady retired alone last Sunday
night, and when she awoke early yester
day morning she was surprised to find
her aunt missing. She went on a search
for her and found her lying dead on the
floor of the main drawing room with one
end of a gas tube in her mouth, the other
end of the tube being connected with the
chandelier.
Miss Sonnenberg was about 33 years old
and ever since the death of he"r mother
had been afflicted with melancholia. It
was not suspected by any member of the
family that she was insane, and they be
lieve that the rash deed was committed
in a moment of temporary insanity.
R. N. Frick Dangerously Sick.
R. N. Frick, chief office deputy of
United States Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch, is dangerously ill with diphtherit
at his home, 2030 Hyde street. He ha-1
been sick but a day or two when th"
most alarming symptoms developed, and
his mother, who resides in Los Angeles
was sent for. She arrived yesterday
morning. A brother is hurrying hlthe
from Arizona.
As early as 1666 there were 40,000 oper
atives in the English silk mills and
cocoon houses.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $2,143,090 05
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 195,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,798.412 53
Cash in Company's Office 1,154 06
Cash in Banks :W,SI2 26
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 40.529 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 679 17
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 711,124 52
Rents due and accrued 14.350 88
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 16,427 36
Total Assets $7,187,715 01 i
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 32,516 90
Losses in process of Adjustment or tn
Suspense 364,110 23
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 102.301 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,745.242 41:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,374,12120
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,279,-
958 77; reinsurance pro rata 2,139,526 65
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 527.010 88
Liability under Life Department 119.902 72
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 19.323 11
All other liabilities 319,925 74
Total Liabilities $4,698,738 80
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,013,709 18
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,479 99
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 150,952 25
Received for Rents 54,765 29 j
Total Incoma $4,228,906 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- #
eluding $522,017 86, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,349,593 93
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 665,843 12
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
Charges for officers, clerks. et<? — 347,302 61
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 136, 49S 42
AH other payments and expenditures. 262. 567 44 :
Total Expenditures $4,262.105 52
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,810,843 17
Ri?ks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk?
written during the
year $797,441,087 $5,3*6.047 5«
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the|
year 754.048,142 5,572,709 86
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.... 772,480,403 7,028.20118
E. F. BEDDALL.
General Attorney for the V. S.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of January, 1901.
EDMUND HARVEY,
Notary Public.
ROLLA V. WATT,
Manager Pacific Department,
ROYAL BUILD!!\G,
Northwest Cor. Pine and Sansome -St«.S t«.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Agents in all cities and towns on the Pacific
Coast.
Department Includes Alaska and Hawaalan
Islands.
I EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
I i AGAINST KING DISMISSED
Secretary Schumacher Declares That
the Books of the Company Are
Straight.
The case of Charles J. King of the Pa
cific Vinegar and Pickle Works, charged
with felony embezzlement, was called in
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday morning.
The complaining witness. Ferdinand
Schumacher, secretary of the company,
said that after a more thorough investi
gation of the books of the company it
had been found that there was no embez
zlement and he asked that the case be
dismissed.
The Judge said it gave him great satis
faction to hear tl;at such was the fact,
and in dismissing the ca-:e it w >u!d vin
dicate the character of Charles J. Kin^.
who for so many years had maintained
an unblemished reputation in the com
munity.
The warrant was sworn out in April.
1900. accusing King of embezzling $130. He
went to Canada, but returned a few day 3
ago and surrendered himself to the police.
Fatal Streetcar Accident.
Mrs. Mary Farrell. who was injured in
a street car accident last Friday night
on Fifth avenue, neap California street,
died yesterday in St. Mary's Hospital.
Mrs. Farrell lived -with her family at 30-1
Eighth avenue and was 50 years old.
Lettered Free of Charge.
Remember that we letter Ladies' Pock
etbooks. Traveling Bass. Rolls and all
fine leather goods this fall free of charge.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., "41 Market street. •
STATEMENT
. OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900. and for the year ending- on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ¦>
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
.' Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1553. 50
Cash in Company's Office 1,992 M
Cash In Banks 19,189 33
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks-
and Loans .. — .' 2,802 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 46.646 U
Due from other Companies ' for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 142 33
Total Assets ..; W24.833 SI
. ¦ ABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,232 17
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense - • 11.904 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year -or les«. $170.384 62;
- reinsurance 50 per. cent So, 192 II
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run- i
nlnz- more than one year, $151,7+8 05;
reinsurance pro rata 84.115 80
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 5,308 61
All other liabilities.. .19.678 47
Total Liabilities $209,411 48
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir«
premiums ..i> • •' $211, 99« 15
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 21.615 13 '
Received from all other sources 820 28
Total Income. '. - $234,431
EXPENDITURES. ,
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $20,941 90. losses of previous ¦
years) -..- $131,184 25
Dividends to Stockholders ; »,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 47,028 51
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
chars'* 'or officer*, clerks, etc 20,681
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 8.918 73
All other payments and expenditures.. 34,643 S3
. Total Expenditures .$231.438 50 .
.~. . V ¦ .«• . . . - Fire. .' .
Losses Incurred ; during the year . $123,53143
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks: Premiums.-
Net amount of . Risks '•%.'¦*
written ' during the - ' * • '¦¦•';
year ......: $25,814,803 $304.187 11
Net amount - of Risks
'expired during the . ;•••'"< •
year ...:....:.. ; 25.241.598 264,115 54
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900.... 30,336,855 322.132 67
"¦.,-- ¦•¦ ' FRANCIS PEABODT. President.
. HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary. , .
* Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4ta
day of February. 1901. "- ' - • . ¦ ¦
:¦¦.-¦¦, GEORGE M. AMERIGE.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
BASfiS & STOVEL,
General Agent-*,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Sam Francisco. Cat. ' .
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
56
tEht *€!2t£sL. toll
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1901
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor. '
Uiitu All CommcnintiMit to W. S. LEASE, liupr
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents. '
Terms by Mail. Including Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year.......'. $6.00
I>AILY*CALL (including Sunday). 6 months '. 3.00
PAILT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month . 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1.50
¦WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters ore authorised to receive
- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
c. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kisijrcr Foreign Advertising, Kara nette Building, Chie»go.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Squnive
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. .. 1406 G St.. W. W.
MORTON E. CRANK. Correspondent. |
BRANCH OFFICES— ST 7 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
JSOO Flllmore. open until 9 p. m. ' \
AMUSEMENTS.
California— Acres."
Tivoli— "The Belle of New York."
Central— "Lights o' London."
Grand Opera-house — "The Huguenots."
Alcazar— "For Fair Virginia."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlborough."
Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer 1 s — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layng— This day, at 7:45 p. m. Thoroughbred
Yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
This day, at 11 o'clock, Horses. Wagons, etc., at 1140 Fol-
Bora street.
By J. J. Doyle— Wednesday, at 11 o'clock. Horses and
Mares, at 827 Sixth street.
By £. Watkins— Thursday, at 11 o'clock, Horses, at 1106
Golden Gate avenue.
INDIAN FARMERS.
GOVERNOR MURPHY of Arizona has
recommended that the reservation Indians of
that Territory be taught farming and in
duced to contribute to their own support by that
means instead of subsisting in idleness on Govern
ment rations. This is a very practical and proper
suggestion. The policy pursued toward the reserva
tion Indians by the Government has been very un
wise. They have been permitted to have their dogs
and their ponies, the links that connect them with
barbarism, while they have not? been taught any occu
pation by which they could go forward toward civiliza
tion. If they had been taught how to keep sheep and
cattle, their introduction to agriculture and the arts
would have been natural.
As long as they have their ponies, when the Gov
ernment ration is not rich enough for their blood
they mount and go raiding. It is natural as long as
they know no other way. If shown how to supply
food by raising crops, feeding stock and shearing
sheep, there is no reason for supposing that they will
not adopt it. Their ponies should be replaced by plow
teams composed of slow mules and big-footed horses,
useful on the farm but useless on the warpath. Noth
ing will go more to tame and make them self-sup
porting. If Governor Murphy's policy is carried out
the graduates of the various Indian schools who have
learned the arts will have use for their knowledge
when they return to their people. At present there
is nothing for these graduates to do except get into
a blanket and gee string, walk pigeon toed, look
through their eyebrows and feed at the Government
table. The money spent in training them is thrown
away. But if their wild brothers are taught to use
the pruning hook and plow they will return to the
reservations to apply their knowledge, use their edu
cation and assist in civilizing their red brethren.
The Indian problem is to be with us for many a
year to come, and it is time that we studied its solu
tion in the light of humanity and progress. In his
natural state the Indian lived by the chase, with a
little gambling and robbery on the side. We cut off
his hunting, give him but little to bet on games, and
leave him to raiding and robbery as the sole sur
vivors of his natural condition, and kill him when he
does either. The Navajos. Moquis and some other
old tribes in New Mexico and Arizona understand
some of Jhe arts. They keep floews and herds, weave
fabrics, make pottery and work in metals. They are
usually peaceable Indians and a very interesting peo
ple. Their further advancement is easy if their an
cient mysteries and rituals are left undisturbed. They
have done for themselves what the Government ought
to help the wilder tribes to do. If white men skilled
in knowledge of the Indian character were enlisted
in the work and apt Indians- were encouraged by
preferment, within two generations the tribes now
wild, caged, sullen and helpless might be transformed
into self-supporting and measurably civilized people.
It comes too late to do any good on this side of
the continent, but nevertheless it is worth noting that
Colonel Bryan in the issue of the Commoner just
before the election advised his readers not to bet on
the result. It will be seen that the prophet has quit
predicting.
According to reports from London, Lord Roberts,
not content with retiring from command in South
Africa, would like to retire from the army altogether
, and take a rest; and it may be safely said there are a
good many other British officers who have the same
tired feeling.
Chauncey Depew is reported to have said that New
York is the city by which foreigners judge America,
and if it be so we car. understand why our foreign
critics never show any evidence of knowing any
thing about America.
THE PRESIDENT ON TRUSTS.
WHILE much of the detail given may be
erroneous, there is no reason for believing
that President Roosevelt has changed his
position on the trust issue. As Governor of New
York he did all that a Governor may do to enforce
that publicity in trust affairs which should be re
quired of all corporations that have stocks listed for
investment by the public. During his candidacy for
the Vice Presidency last year he called attention to
this record and reaffirmed his position.
The antitrust press and politicians, and by anti
trust we mean those that have used the issue solely
for party advantage, have so widely advertised an
overdrawn estimate of the power and profits of trusts
as to make it easy for reckless promoters to victimize
the investing public. The enormous aggregate of
capitalizations last year, stupendous as it was, hardly
satisfied the craving for trust stocks, and, as we then
said, was likely to lay the foundation for a stock
panic.
President Roosevelt is no amateur in business laws
and logic. He is not a rich man, nor a speculator,
and has been content to live largely upon the gener
ous income furnished by his pen. But he knows
thoroughly the ins and^mts of stock speculation and
the difference between the intrinsic and speculative
values of stocks. The law protects the people against
wildcat insurance, and should equally guard them
against commercial paper that is without value to
justify its price.
As long as promoters can sell stocks that represent
value only to a small percentage of their par, so long
the inflation of paper property will continue. Upon
this inflation is built a structure of credit ready to
tumble at the first sign of a panic.
The limitation of this possibility by the President's
plan for a law that will guarantee the public against
fraud and inform investors who buy industrial stocks
will be a curb bit in the mouth of speculation. Con
currently with this policy, it is understood that the
President favors any legislation that will protect also
the industrial organization of labor. This is of as
much importance as the trust legislation. When cor
porations, responsible under their charter, and indi
vidual employers responsible in their property, be
come parties to an industrial contention with labor
organized under no special statute, State or Federal,
labor is at a disadvantage by reason of the uncertainty
as to its legal responsibility. Let it have the same
position and advantage as a corporation, and a great
change will come over the situation. Then instead
of violence there will be negotiation, and instead of
restraint of trade by destructive strikes there will be
orderly settlement on the lines of law and mutual
responsibility.
As far as it is disclosed in his record and expres
sions the policy of President Roosevelt in these two
particulars is just now of major importance to the
country. A righteous law rigidly enforced that will
leave the energy- of combined capital unimpaired, and
at the same time improve the morals of that artificial
person, the corporation, which represents the com
bination, will mean the acceleration rather than the
check of industrial development and progress, and
the putting of labor organizations on a legal equality
with organizations of capital will combine the in
terests of the two so that their differences will be
adjustable by agreement or by judicial intervention,
and our industrial progress will be free of hindrance
by strikes.
It is to be expected that the minority m Congress
will oppose these Presidential recommendations. The
leaders of that minority do not desire the correction
of any evils that may appear in the trust organiza
tions, nor do they desire anything that will give to
labor legal responsibility commensurate with its
necessities. Whatever evil is a,broad in this issue
serves as capital for the minority, and therefore it op
poses any wise legislation that will abridge its politi
cal capital. If the trusts are curbed properly and
their industrial energy left unimpaired, our conquest
of the world's commerce will be unchecked and our
domestic prosperity will continue. None of these
results are agreeable to the partisanship and the
political ambition of the minority leaders, so we may
expect that the President's position will be attacked
and his policy denounced for its insufficiency by the
minority which was confessed by its recent candi
date for Governor of Massachusetts to be without
hope while the country is prosperous.
Once more the British are to make a long pull, a
strong pull and a pull all together in South Africa.
Their object now is to close up the struggle promptly
so that the royal heralds may proclaim peace through
out the empire at the time of the coronation of King
Edward.
A PROBLEM IN CRIME.
CRIME is incessantly presenting new problems
to the student of human nature*. About as
soon as moralists agree upon a theory to ac
count for the criminal impulse, there breaks forth
upon the world a new series of crimes which cannot
be accounted for by that theory. Recently the teach
ings of Lombroso and Nordau have about persuaded
the world that crime is the result of degeneration and
that the criminal type is marked by certain physical
characteristics which distinguish it from the normal
type. The theory is plausible, but it does not fit the
facts.
At the present time the police authorities in Massa
chusetts and in Illinois are engaged in dealing with
kindred crimes which cannot be explained on the
ground of degeneration, and yet are in their nature
seemingly so willful and unprovoked as to be ap
palling.
The Massachusetts case is that of a professional
nurse, a young woman of good breeding and training
and of excellent habits so far as is known, but who is
suspected of having poisoned no less than eleven
patients whom she was called in to nurse. In the
Illinois case two professional nurses at a State asylum
for the insane are charged with the murder of two
women patients in the asylum whom they were em
ployed to look after. In the Illinois case it is stated
the nurses did not mean to kill the patients, but
merely wished to make them so weak that they
would be removed from that ward to another, and
thus the nurses would be relieved of the care of them.
In the Massachusetts case no reasonable theory has
been advanced to account for the killing of any one
of the eleven persons whom the nurse is suspected
of killing, and not until further evidence is forth
coming can it be safe to make even a guess.
Here, then, are three young women sufficiently nor
mal in body and mind to become accredited profes
sional nurses and to find employment in State institu
tions and in families of well-to-do patients attended
by reputable physicians. Yet these women, for what
seems to be no more than a mere caprice, put the pa
tient to death. It seems that when they get tired of
nursing a particular patient they do not put them
selves to the trouble of resigning the work or sub
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
ject themselves to the discredit of abandoning the
case, but they quietly kill the patient and then get a
new one.
It will be remembered that many persons sup
posed that Czolgosz was a degenerate, that he was
physically and mentally abnormal; but the theory
was refuted by the investigations of the three special
ists who made a careful study of him. In their re
port they say: "He is not a case o,f paranoia, because
he has no systematized delusions reverting to self,
and because he is in exceptionally good condition and
has an unbroken record of good health. His capacity
for labor has always been good and equal to that of
his fellows. These facts all tend to prove that the man
has an unimpaired mind. * * * He is not to be
classed as a degenerate, because we do not find the
stigmata of degeneration; his skull is symmetrical; his
ears do not protrude, nor are they of abnormal size,
and his palate is not highly arched. Psychically he
has not a history of cruelty or of perverted tastes
and habits. He is the. product of anarchy, sane and
responsible."
The crime of Czolgosz, then, is to be attributed
directly and exclusively to anarchy, but what of the
crimes of the three professional nurses? It is a
new conundrum for the criminologist.
While some of our cities are troubled by a pe"st of
sparrows, it is reported that Vienna is so overrun by
pigeons the municipal government has offered re
wards for their capture and the destruction of their
eggs. The captured birds are to be killed and dis
tributed among the .poor, so for a while, at least,
pigeon pie in Vienna will be cheaper than beans.
HCLAY EVANS, Commissioner of Pensions,
in his report for the fiscal year ending June
• 30, 1901, .makes an exhaustive statement of
the defects of the pension laws and of the oppor
tunities they offer for the commission of fraud by
unscrupulous persons. In the report many specific
instances of fraud are cited as typical of the various
methods used by sharpers in taking advantage of the
liberality of the Government in providing for the
soldiers of the republic and their families.
The number of pensioners on the rolls at the close
of the fiscal year under review was 997,735, being over
4000 in excess of any previous year. This includes
for the war of the revolution 9 pensioners; for the
war of 1812, 1528; Indian wars, 4565; Mexican war,
15.677; civil war invalids, 735,789; civil war widows,
234,563; Spanish war invalids, 3555; Spanish war
widows, 2049. The total appropriations for the Pen
sion Bureau for the year were $144,000,000. Of that
sum there was paid out in pensions $138,531,483, the
remainder being employed in the maintenance and
operation of the Bureau.
As an illustration of the activity of some pension
attorneys in hunting up pension cases and urging
any one who has a shadow of a claim to apply for a
pension, the Commissioner points out that notwith
standing the brevity of our war with Spain, "the num
ber of claims filed for pensions as a result of disa
bilities incurred in the service in line of duty from
April 21, 1898, to June 30, 1901, was 45,710, and since
that date many claims have been filed as the result
of the muster out of troops at San Francisco during
the month of June, 1901." The Commissioner adds:
"Only a little over three years have passed since hos
tilities began, and yet claims amounting in number
to about 20 per cent of the number of men enlisted
for the Spanish war have already been filed."
Commenting upon these claims the Commissioner
says: "I am not prepared to believe that those en
gaged in the war with Spain, many of them sons of
veterans of the civil war, were less patriotic than their
ancestors, or that they are more covetous; but in my
opinion it is the fault of the system of pensioning,
with its active army of attorneys, solicitors and drum
mers, practically employed and licensed by the Gov
ernment to solicit and secure applications ior pen
sions, with the promise of $25 for each claim that is
secured and allowed. No blame or criticism should
be attached to the soldiers, as they are importuned
and persuaded that it is their duty to file claims
whether disabled or not."
There are now 19,992 attorneys entitled to prac
tice before the Pension Bureau, an increase of 776
since last year. The fees paid to attorneys during the
year out of first payments to pensioners amounted to
$529,245, being an increase of $73,868 over the pre
vious year. There are now pending 403,569 claims for
pensions.
After citing numerous cases of downright fraud
practiced to obtain pensions and frequently to rob
the pensioner, the Commissioner says: "No argu
ment is needed to show that the expenditure of such
vast sums of the people's money should rest upon a
system containing more of the' elements of protec
tion to the Government than can be found in the
methods now in force in settling pension claims. The
fault is not with the soldier claimant or his widow,
but the system devised for ascertaining their rights
is so faulty that it offers a most inviting field for the
enterprising and adventurous claim agent or attorney.
It holds out an inducement to those that may be
persuaded to file false claims or fraudulent evidence
in support of valid ones. In fact, the system aids and
encourages fraudulent practices of various sorts. It
is not to be wondered at that the Government is con
stantly being imposed upon. When attention is called
to the defects which are responsible for these con
ditions, a mighty howl goes up in certain quarters.
These conditions arc not new. They have existed
ever since the war, and able and conscientious Com
missioners, members of both of the great political
parties, have in their annual reports strongly pro
tested against them."
There is a movement in Chicago to organize an
art association of 500,000 persons, each of whom is
to contribute $2 a year, making annually a fund of
$1,000,000 to be employed in erecting statues, monu
ments and memorials and in purchasing pictures for
the public art galleries. The idea is a big one, but
it remains to be seen whether the movement can be
made strong enough to carry it.
It is announced that all the European nations are
highly gratified by the results of the French method
of dealing with the Sultan and forcing him to come
to time, so that when the French warships leave the
Levant we may expect the Sultan to wake up some
morning and perceive that there are others.
If Miss Stone should escape from the Bulgarian
bandits she could easily recoup the $100,000 paid for
her ransom by taking to the lecture stage with an
account of missionary life in the East or how it feels
to an old maid to be run away with.
It is said this is going to be one of the greatest
seasons on record for book publishing, but it is a
safe bet the greatness will lie in the quantity and not
the quality.
PENSIONS AND FRAUDS.
JUDGE NOYES VEHEMENTLY DENIES
ALL CHARGES MADE AGAINST HIM
McLaughlin Pilots Witness From Time McKenzie Was Ap
pointed Receiver Until His Arrest, but Questions Develop
Little but Opinion of Witness That He Is Not Guilty
JUDGE ARTHUR H. NOYES, SKETCHED FROM LIFE BY A CALL ARTIST AS HE WAS GIVING TESTIMONY
IN HIS OWN BEHALF YESTERDAY MORNING AND AFTERNOON DURING THE CONTEMPT PROCEED
INGS NOW IN PROGRESS BEFORE COMMISSIONER IIEACOCK.
JUDGE NOYES grew hoarse yester
day from saying "That's not true"
or "It's false." He was on the wit
ness stand morning and afternoon
for direct examination, and In five
tfnd a half hours of testifying he uttered
enough general and specific denials to fill
two records.
Judge Mclaughlin turned the wheel of
questions. Judge Noyes stood the strain
in good fashion. His answers were ready,
brusque and positive. To save time the
amicus curiae Interposed no objections,
and all day long the steady current of
question and answer went on. McLaugh
lin followed out the chronological .se
quence of events at first and then took
up the individual evidence which goes to
show the contempt. He has not yet fin
ished.
Here Is a bit of Judge Noyes' testi
mony:
Nome was a mining camp shut in irom the
world from the first of November to the last
day of February. Marshal Vawter once said:
"Winter once in Alaska and everybody will
hate you." So it was, I know there was a
great deal of talk, but I chose to ignore it.
There was the kindliest feeling of every citizen
in Nome toward me until news came in from
the outside. I w;as asked to join the Arctic-
Brotherhood. I was entertained by the Knights
Templar. Soon after the arrival of the opin
ion in the McKenzle case and papers contain
ing adverse comments on my conduct public
disfavor srew.
The reported conversations between
Judge Noyes and Judge Johnson and
Judge Noyes and Marshal Vawter gave
the witness opportunities for strong de
nial. He said:
Borne parts of the conversation with Judge
Johnson are true. When the ouinion in the
McKenzie case arrived I was sore. I called
his attention to certain features of that opin
ion. I always regarded Johnson as my friend.
That statement which goes to the dictatorship
of the Circuit Court of Appeals was uttered,
but It was in the tone of one wounded and
hurt rather than in anger. I do remember say
ing that I was condemned without being heard.
I talked considerably.
As to Vawter, Judge Noyes character
ized him as a "parrot, who should be
taught reasonable stories." It was Vaw
ter who told about Noyes' and the "sand
lotter" charges against the Circuit Court.
McKenzie as Receiver.
The examination of Judge Noyes by
Attorney McLaughlin was continued at
9:30 o'clock. After a statement concern
ing the acquaintanceship with R. N. Ste
vens and J. K. Woods the receiverships
issued on July 23 came into play.
The witness said:
Mr. Hume came to the hotel on that day
with a bundle of papers. He said the matter
was very urgent. I told him that I was going
to St. Michael. He said it was an important
matter, so I went to my chambers, where he
read the complaint and affidavits in the cases
and told me that tfley had been put off for a
year, that the defendants were working night
and day to exhaust the claims and he asked
me to appoint a receiver. I suggested Alex
ander McKenzie and w« then talked of bonds\
He thought $8000 in the five cases "would be
sufficient until my return from St. Michael.
After this I met Jim Matthews and McKenzie.
McKenzie was addressed in regard to the re
ceiverships and said he would be glad to ac
cept. Hume came back in course of half an
hour with the papers and I called the atten
tion of Dickey to them. All but two were
marked to be filed.
I never had any talk with Hume about the
orders and I did not so Into Woods' room.
Changing of Orders.
¦In regard to the changing of order?.
Judge Noyes said that he wanted matters
to proceed peacefully, and that Is why he
agreed to Metson's suggestion. He said:
The second order was made under a mistake.
I am not seeking to justify It. Mr. Metson came
to the office under excitement. I do not think
he mentioned that the personal property was
worth $160,000. or that he pleaded that I should'
not use drastic methods. Mr. M^tson la a
quick tempered man as well as a brave one.
I don't think I told him to go to McKenzie.
The witness then testified that he or
dered a re-argument on the matters sub
mitted on July 24. This lasted several
days and took place after Judge Noyes'
return from Michael. On August 10
an order was filed overruling the motion.
Then came the motions in all i the cases
for an appeal and an application for a
supersedeas bond. This motion was de
nied in all the cases. Subsequently a bill
of exceptions was prepared. The witness
said:
I requested Reed to see that the records
should he complete, and they were got out with
all directness, and If there was a delay it was
without my knowledge or suspicion.
This testimony is in contradiction to
Borchsenius' statement.
The affidavit of Hume, which was sworn
to before John T. Reid, was the subject of
the next line of questions. Noyes said
that he never advised- or directed Hume
to make any affidavit.
"Was it ever your understanding that
defendants had the right, in the even*
of McKenzie's refusal to turn over the
gold dust, to use force to take possession
of it?"
"I never did." • . * ; .
. , Writs and Arrests.
"Did you think that if McKenzie should
take the gold away the- Marshal should
intercede?"
"I certainly did." . ¦* -
"Or that if the defendants attempted
to break the bank?"
"Yes, sir." . \
"Did you Instruct Captain French not
to issue any executive order?"
"I don't remember any such instruc
tion." i y
The witness then told of Knight's visit
He said:
•He called upon me on the evening of Septem
ber 14 and requested me to sign an order di
recting McKenzie to turn over the gold dust
in accordance with the writs. I am sure It la a
mistake on Knight's part In regard to my hav
ing seen McKenzie on . September 14 I told
him I could issue no order further than what
was required by the Circuit Court of Anneals
that I was now without authority as the court
saw nt to act directly and not through me.
"Was . your attention directed to the
amendment allowing appeal in receiver
ship or in argument?"
"No. sir; I never • knew it until some
time after. ¦ -
The examination took a jump at this
stage to the date of the arrest of McKen*
zie .U°? October 13. "Word was sent me."
said Judge Noyes. "that. I should stop at
Geary office on my way to the court
house. I stepped in. and a writ of habeas
corpus was submitted, but I refused to
issue it.
"Did you see McKenzie on that day?"
continued the examiner. •»
'¦ "Yes, before , refusing the writ." re -
sponded the w'tness.
"Have you any, recollection of bein* in
the office more than once on that day?"
"I may have stopped there also on my
way to or from lunch. I know that th^
papers were presented and that I refuse 1
to sign the writ."
"If you had "earned that McKenzie wn»W
arrested, and although you had not be iF
requested to call upon him, would you'
have done so?"
"I most certainly would."
On ( tetofcer 10 Judge Noyes Issued an
order restraining MrKenzle from deposit
ing the gold, but allowed the operation
of the mine.
"Did you at any time advise McKenzia
or his attorneys Tiot to turn over the gold
dust?" asked McLaughlin.
"[ did not. I told McKenzie that I
should comply with the orders of the court
above. He asked me what he should do
about it. and I told him I had no advice to
I give him; that he should see his attor
neys."
General and Specific Denials.
Judge McLaughlin finished the chrono
logical interrogation at this point. He
thfn wont back to till in with contrad 1
tions of Hume's testimony. Noyes denied
till knowledge of McKenzie's connection
with Hume in Mgarii to the partnership
Interest in the firm of Hubbard. Be^man
& Hume. The reprimand of Hume in court
by the Judge was gon* over, and the lat
ter denied that McKenzie had ever spoken
to him about it. or that he had met Hume
after its occurrence and apologized.
Hume's testimony as to the change of at
torneys proving a change of opinion from
the Judge was taken up piecemeal and re
verse statements made in every particu
lar. „
"State your relations with Mr. Wheel
er, requested McLaughlin. And then the
irrepressible Archie Wheeler entered the
case again. Hand in hand Archie Wheeler,
stenographer, typewriter and Judge Noy
went from Minneapolis to Nome. WhejA
Frost came upon the scene he recojjl
mended the Department of Justice to ?rV
low Judge Noyes a private secretary with
a J2SOT. salary. This allowance was made,
and Wheeler continued as Noyes' priv 1
I secretary until he left on the Roanoke in
I October.
"Mr. Metson says one reason of his ani
mosity against me is that Wheeler wen:
out to make affidavits against him. "
clared the witness. "I know no reason for
it."
At 11 o'clock the attorneys of the case
went before the Circuit Court of Appeals.
On Wednesday a report must be made as
to the time when the examination will be
concluded.
Walnut anu Fecan Panocne. Townsend. *
Choice candles. Tonwsend's. Palaca Hote.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townseod's '
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tn.»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Monc
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
It has been discovered that the best wiv
to break a horse from kicking is t
him an electric shock. If proper!-,
ministered it does not injure the animal
and ft supersedes the brutal whippinft^
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCurefor LJrer Ills,
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria.FORBIDS FREAK
ADVERTISEMENTS
Ordinance Making It Un
lawful Is Passed to
Print.
Improvement Clubs Want to
Issue Bonds for New
Schoolhouses.
The bill prohibiting- freak advertising on
the public streets was passed to print by
the B > pervisors yesterday. Be
le vote, which was unanimously in
tavor of the measure, was taken Reed ex
. that the ordinance was the same
as one heretofore adopted with section
;t£ it had been declared uu
y the Police Court. The
riminated, in that it permitted
6 on wagons for fraternal or
s. The new ordinance prohibits
- on the street cais, and wakes
awful to appear on the streets in un
usual or fantastic costume or to distribute
The petition of the Municipal Federation
i f Improvement Clubs that the Van Ness
Avenue Boulevard act be so amended as
to allow the use of the avenue by light de-
I very wagons was referred to the Street
tvnimittee.
The petition of the same organization
that the Board call an election for the is-
Fuance of bonds to the amount of $5,000,000
for new schoolhouses and of $5,000,000 for
row sewers was referred to the Finance
Committee.
A resolution adopted by the federation
that the schoolhGuses shall be built
of fireDroof material, and should not ex
ceed 10G feet in height; that no existing
school not strictly fireproof shall be so al
tered as to exceed nfry-nve feet in height:
i nat no primary class shall be conducted
above the second story: that no class shall
be conducted in the basement of any
building.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JgfcARTEKS
SICKKEAD46KE
Positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
Thry also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea. Drowsiness. Bad Taste j
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID * LIVER. They j
Regelate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. I
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
THE MOST CONSPICUOUS
part of your attire hi your linen. It must
be perfectly laundered if you would pre-
sent a correct appearance. If you send
your linen to the U. S. Laundry it will be
returned 'to you promptly, clean and
whole, starched and finished In the most
I>erfeet manner. You will always find our
work satisfactory.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Street
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Office — 54- San Pablo Aye.
H California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:OO a. m.
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every deta'l,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train. ; v : >/
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
• Office — 641 Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe 3
ly\ &k rl \*h J*£f t*?^ rt j^fsvk |»
The Weekly Call;
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
SETS DATE FOR
THE CONVENTION
Committee on Chinese
Exclusion Selects
Delegates.
Re-enactment of Law Will
Be Urged by a Large
Gathering.
The special committee on the Chinese
Exclusion Convention filed its report, yes
terday with the Board of Supervisors, in
which it fixes November 21 as the date
for holding the convention. It is intended
to formutate a petition memorializing
Congress to re-enact the Chinese exclu
sion law, which expires shortly.
The committee's recommendation that
Horace Davis, James H. Barry, Truxton
Beale, Mayor-elect E. E. Schmitz and J.
C. Sims be selected as delegates to the
convention was adopted. The committee
reports that many responses have been
received fro*n bodies privileged to attend
and that the attendance promises to be
large and the interest great.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to advise as to the best means of
bringing the outside districts lying south
of Bernal Heights into more direct com
munication with the city's center to
gether with the cost thereof.
The ordinance granting P. W. Riordan,
as president of St. Marys Help Hospital,
permission to lay and maintain a spur
track connecting the Gibraltar warehouse
with the Belt railroad was passed to
print.
The Treasurer was authorized to re
ceive $4464 17, being 2 per cent of the re
ceipts of the San Francisco and San Ma
teo Electric Railway Company for the
year ending May 31. 1901. The California
street road will pay In $3632 36.
American Companions.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Ticoulet
of the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica has returned from a series of official
visitations. In company of Miss Maggie
Forest, past chief companion of Inter Nos
Circle, she visited Watsonville, where she
and her companions became the guests of
Orand Right Guide Miss A. Rogge. Dur
ing her stay there the grand chief com
panion was shown many courtesies and
after her visit to the circle in that city
was tendered a fine banquet. During the
visit the circle, which did excellent work,
initiated nine candidates. She was then
driven to Salinas, where an official visit
was paid Santa Lucia Circle, where there
was the initiation of two candidates. The
work in that circle, ritualistic and floor,
surpassed anything ever given in a circle
of the order in this jurisdiction. Those
who took part in the floor work moved
as if they were walking along chalked
lines, and the demeanor of the officers
Ouring the work demonstrated that the
ritual, though not as grand as in other
orders, can be made very impressive.
Last week the grand chief companion
paid an official visit to Haywards Circle
and found it in good condition, the mem
bership active and earnest.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
On the night of the 6th inst. San Fran
cisco Lodge of the Fraternal Brotherhood
gave an entertainment and dance in Na
tive Sens' Hall for the purpose of enlight
ening the friends of members as to the
organization. There was a good pro
gramme of ten numbers, including vocal
and instrumental selections, recitations,
readings, whistling solo and a sketch, con
tributed by Walter R. Kneiss, Mrs. K.
Elizabeth Marshall, William Lansing,
Elizabeth Nella, Miss Antoinette Smart,
M. Stanley and Dr. Heiss and Miss Claire.
Bert Schiesinger, just before the dance,
delivered an address relative to the ord-^r
W. A. Fairbanks. S. H. Vance, Mrs. Em
ma G. Henderson, Dr. Blanche K. Heiss,
Miss X. Smoke and C. W. Stone com
prised the committee of arrangements.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The Malted Cersals Cos") ["**"] i
*> Malt" I
Breakfast
Food W\
The Malted Cereals Co %£
Malt Breakfast Food is 1
made cf pure, fresh malt |
I and the choicest wheat.
This matchless health j
breakfast food gives us the
malt m its simple and
natural condition. \ It sup-
plies, when eaten with
5 cream or milk, th* exact
elements and in the cor- i
rect proportions, of a I
scientifically perfect food |
SDR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISSI. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CANDY CATHARTIC ' *"
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something 'Must as good.
DR. HALL'S REINViGORATORjCTTfg
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five l^f^|H3'
hundred reward for any case we BBS "v
cannot cure. This secret remedy I -V H
cures Emissions, Impotency, $•££{ E>W
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. s*l? Rni
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- UUJ -IX
hood and all other' wasting ef- ag3M
fecU of self-abuse or excesses. g23ssKSB3
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALLS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073',i
Market et., S. F. Send for free book, '¦- ..;,.
BAJ»A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
KABKR. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
23 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBBK 12, 1901.
WILL NOT TAKE
UP TRE TRACKS
Market-Street Company
Defies Board of
Works.
Claims Right to Maintain
Rails at Market and
Eddy Streets.
The Market-street Railway Company
sent a communication signed by General
Manager Vining to Benjamin Heath,
chief of the Bureau of Streets, yesterday,
in which the corporation holds that it has
a right to maintain the tracks connecting
Market street with Eddy and will not re
move them. The Board of Public Works
recently sent a communication directing
the company to remove the tracks forth
with. \ ining states in his letter that it
is not only the company's right but its
duty to lay the tracks in question, and
that no forfeiture of franchise has oc
curred.
Accompanying Vining's letter is an opin
ion of Attorney J. E. Foulds, filed with
Road Engineer H. H. Lynch, which is as
follows:
All of the tracks in question were laid by
virtue of order No. 2304 December 33, 1890,
"granting: to Henry Moffatt, J. B. Reinstein
and M. S. Eisner certain privileges since as
signed to the Ferris and Cliff House Railroad
Compans'."
The particular clause of the ordinance hav
ing reference to said tracks reads, "also com
mencing at the intersection of Eddy anditerket
streets, thence along Eddy street." Under the
ordinary rules of construction the intersection
of two streets means the intersection of the
center of the streets. The requirements of
the franchise as to the expenditure of moneys j
in prosecuting the construction of the road
were complied with. The tracks najned have
been used to some extent in transf/rring and
returning: cars and as the conductor of the re
turn electric current. For the reasons stated
I am satisfied that you have the right to main
tain the tracks In question and therefore advise
the demand of the Department of Public
"Works be not complied with.
Immediately on the receipt of the let
ters the Board of Works requested the
City Attorney to advise whether the
terms of the franchise permit the main
tenance of the tracks to connect with
Market street, and if so, whether the
"nonuser" of the tracks has created a
forfeiture of the right to maintain them.
ANCIENT GAME
WELL WORKED
Business Colleges Are
Mulcted by Smooth
Swindler.
A number of the local business colleges
were victims of a smooth swindler dur
ing the past week. The San Francisco,
California and Heald colleges were suf
ferers to the extent of $25 each, and as a
result the police are looking for a smooth
young man of about 21 years, of medium
size, dark complexion and wearing dark
clothes with white vest.
The operations of the young man were
exposed yesterday at the office of Ayres'
Business College in the History building.
He sought to bleed Manager J. L. Wil
liams for $20 on an old* game, but that
gentleman took the precaution to make
a few inquiries before paying the money,
and the exposure followed.
On Saturday Manager Williams re
ceived a letter from one J. Dawson Al
berts of Oakland, announcing that the
writer was desirous of sending his neph
ew to a business college and asking for
the best terms of tuition. The writer de
clared that Ayres' school had been recom
mended to him and that he would send
his nephew to Williams on Monday with
a check to pay tuition fees. The letter
was written on Hotel Metropole paper.
On Sunday Manager Williams telephoned
to that hotel and inquired as to J. Daw
son Alberts. The answer was that no
such person was known about the place.
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning a
young man called upon Manager Williams
and introduced himself as the nephew of
J. Dawson Alberts. He said his uncle
found it impossible to accompany him,
but that he had sent a check to cover all
expenses of entrance into the institution
as pupil. The check exceeded the ex
penses by an even $20, and it was offered
to Williams with the remark that the $20
was intended by the uncle to defray the
board of the young man for one month.
Williams accepted the check, but before
paying the excess went downstairs and
telephoned to the First National Bank of
Oakland, on which it was drawn, only to
make the discovery that no such depositor
as J. Dawson Alberts had an account at
that bank.
Williams returned to the office and
warned the young man to leave the place
at once or suffer arrest. The swindler
said there was some mistake, but he did
not tarry long to make excuses. Wil
liams then telephoned to the San Fran
cisco College and learned that $25 had
been paid to J. Dawson Alberts' nephew
on a check. Healds' College had been
victimized to a like amount, as was also
the California College.
A description of the Bwlndler has been
furnished to the police and a careful
search is now being made for the enter
prising young man.
Companions of the Forest.
The recent open meeting of Loyal Circle
of the Companions of the Forest was a
very pleasant affair that was attended by
a great many of the friends of the mem
bers. The features of the programme
that was presented for the entertainment
of all who attended were an overture by
Miss R. Salinger; selections on the man
dolin, Messrs. Markley, Scherick and
Large; coon specialties. Master Clarence
Krause; recitation. Miss Tryphina Pritch
ard; vocal solos, Miss L. Schiller and G.
Evans, and instrumental solo, Mrs. C.
Kione.
Justice Circle gave a very entertaining
party in the A. O. F. building on the 9th
inst. There were many present who spent
a very pleasant evening.
Fidelity Circle will give a party on the
night of the 22d inst., when an old-fash
ioned pork and beans supper will be
served.
Women of Woodcraft.
Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft having received a dispensation from
the head guardian to receive members
into the circle at a reduced rate of initia
tion until the 31st of next January, an ef
fort will be made to double the member
ship. ••,-¦¦ \
All arrangements have been concluded
for the grand ball to be given in Golden
Gate Hall by Redwood and California cir
cles on the . night of the ' 14th inst. -s It
promises to be one of the most pleasant
events ever given by, this order in : this
city. ¦¦•-..-- v.
¦ SIGNATURE /Jj[J/i
I y^f GUARANTEES
I 0 LIEBIG
COMPANY'S E %7M£' t
B BEWARE OF :' 'JUST AS GOODS"
INSURES HIGHER
RATE OF WAGES
Braunhart's Bill Would
Raise Pay of City
Laborers.
Ordinance Creating Places
in Registrar's Office
Passed.
A resolution was presented to the Board
of Supervisors yesterday by Braunhart,
fixing the amount of wages to be paid and
regulating the hours of work for laborers
employed by the Park Commissioners, and
on all public utilities now owned or here
after to be acquired by the city.
The reason for the introduction of the
ordinance is that City Engineer Grun
sky's report on the proposed acquisition
of the Geary-street road by the city is
based on the theory that the employes
shall be paid at the rate of 25 cents an
hour. The charter limits a working day
to eight hours, thus insuring an employe
a daily wage of $2. Braunhart's resolu
tion, which was referred" to the Judiciary
Committee, follows:
Section 1. The minimum wages of laborers
in the employ, or hereafter to be employed,
by the Park Commissioners on the lands,
squares and grounds which are designated to
be un.ier the exclusive coptrol and management
of said Commissioners by the charter, is hereby
fixed at $2 50 a day. and eight (S) hours shall
be the maximum hours of l<bor on any calen
dar day.
Section 2. The minimum wages of laborers
employed on any public utility now owned, or
that may be hereafter acquired by the city
and county of San Francisco, is hereby fixed at
$2 50 a day, and eight (8) hours shall be the
maximum nours of labor on any calendar day.
The ordinance creating the positions of
chief deputy and head clerk in the Regis
trar's office was finally passed. Harry
Zemansky and D. J. Gordon, at present
clerks in the office, will be promoted to
the positions, which carry salaries of $150
per month each.
Reed objected to the passage of the or
dinance on the ground that the election
was over and the work of the Registrar's
office would now be at a standstill. The
measure, however, received fifteen votes,
or one more than the necessary fourteen.
Reed alone voting against it.
RUSSELL WANTS
ABSENCE LEAVE
Board of Supervisors'
Clerk Withdraws
Resignation.
John A. Russell, clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, has withdrawn his resigna
tion, which was placed in the hands of
Mayor Phelan last week. The Board of
Supervisors was prepared to accept the
resignation at yesterday's meeting and
to appoinf Charles W. Fay to the va
cancy, but action was forestalled by Rus
sell, who filed a request that he be grant
ed a leave of absence for six months.
Russeil assigns as a reason for his re
quest that his illness necessitates a con
tinuance of absence from his duties. The
veteran clerk believes that- he will be re
stored to health at the end of his leave.
The communication was referred to the
Judiciary Committee to determine if the
board has power to grant a leave for six
months.
Mr. Russell is afflicted with paralysis
of the right side, and his intimate friends
are of the opinion that he will not get
Well. The Mayor doubts whether such a
long lea\e as he asks for to legal under
the charter. There is a disposition to
trtat him with great consideration on ac
count of flis long and faithful service.
The charter provides that no person em
ployed by the city shall be paid for a
greater* length of time than that covered
by actual service.
A resolution was adopted extending an
invitation to Mayor-elect Schmitz and the
newly elected members of the Board of
Supervisors to attend the current sessions
of the board in order to familiarize them
selves with their future duties.
Fire Chief Sullivan's petition that Frank
German's deed of heroism in rescuing
Miss Nellie Healy from a fire at 244 Stev
enson street be suitably rewarded was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
Globe Trotters, Take Notice!
We have new stock of trunks that econ
crr.lze space so that you can pack twice
as much in them as in the old kind.
They're far easier to pack, and as to
looks they're incomparably better. It's
singular we don't have to charge much
for them. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
FISHER WOULD GIVE
THOUSANDS FOR LICENSE
Trustees of Berkeley Want Him to
Put His Offer in Writ
ing.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.-The question of
licensing saloons in East Berkeley within
the mile limit came up before the Town
Trustees this evening, and, while thero
was no action taken, the board is at least
seriously considering the matter. It came
up in the shape of a statement from
Trustee Dowd of West Berkeley that Sam
Fisher would give the town $2000 for a
license for a year for a saloon on the
corner of Shattuck avenue and Center
street, the very center of East Berkeley,
and that he would assume all the respon
sibility of the legality of the license.
There was no discussion of the matte*
but President Marston of the Board of
Trustees was appointed a committee of
one to get a written offer from Fisher,
after which the board will consider the
matter. The indications are that the
board will grant the license if Fisher will
assume the expenses of litigation that will
undoubtedly follow. The location pro
posed Is at East Berkeley station. Fisher
is the saloon-keeper who agreed to at
tend the church of Rev. Francis Robin
son if that divine would hold services in
his saloon.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, "W. R. C,
A. to G. A. R., reports a boom in appli
cants for membership: The corps is elat
ed over the result of the recent rummage
sale for the benefit of the old soldiers
and feels very grateful to all who contrib
uted. It is expected that there will be a
spirited contest for place at the election
for officers that will soon be held. De
partment President Mrs. Lettie M. Win
ans paid an official visit to the corps last
week, and in two weeks the inspection by
department grand officers will take place
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World has decided to have the night
of the 18th inst. specially set aside for
the initiation of a number of candidates.
The other meeting nights during the
month will be devoted to business ami
on the 25th there will be an election for
camp officers.
Mission Camp of the Woodmen of thf
World will have an entertainment in the
Odd Fellows' building on the night of the
27th inst. The committee of arrangements
promises a pleasant evening for all.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Franoisco, $80: Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side triD
rates. Optional Itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco
261 South Spring street, tfcs Angeles.
BOARD SELECTS
LIBRARY SITES
Finds Suitable Places for
Carnegie's Gift to .
the City.
Proposed Park Improvements
Decided On for the
Bond Issue.
The Board of Supervisors took prelim
inary steps yesterday for the acquisition
of a site on which to erect the Carneg'O
library, and also to provide for the es
tablishment of new parks in certain sec
tions of the city by the proposed issuance
of bonds.
A resolution was adopted directing the
Board of Public Works to solicit offers
and furnish an appraisement of the value
of the Mechanics' Pavilion property an-1
the Fair block, bounded by Sacramento,
California, Mason, and Powell streets, as
the most suitable for the erection of the
proposed Carnegie library. Prior to tho
acquisition of either of the biocks named
for the purpose it is necessary to submit
the proposition to the electors at a spe
cial election.
The same bosrd was directed to furnish
value of the lands in the block bounded by
Washington, Sacramento, Gough and Oc
tavia streets, owned by S. W. Hoiladay
and formerly a portion of Lafayette
square. The resolution declares that the
public interest requires that the land be
acquired for park purposes, and should
the people vote in tavor it will be addeJ
to Lafayette Park.
Comte s resolution that the Board o:'
Public Works be directed to furnish an
appraisement of the value of the land
bounded by Eighteenth, Dolores. Twen
tieth and Church streets was also adopt
ed. This action is preliminary to tho
proceeding of submitting to the electors
the proposition to establish a public park
in the Mission.
The Park Commission was requested to
report as to the best locations for parks
and children's playgrounds in the district
south of Market street and east of
Twelfth street, together with the esti
mated cost thereof.
The Board of Works was directed to
furnish an appraisement of the land
bounded by Harrison, Seventh, Folsom
and Sherman streets. Tin land include-,
the children's playground recently estab
lished by the Board of Education anl
rented for $2400 per year. The proposition
will also be submitted to a vote of the
people.
RETAINS EMPLOYES' MONEY
PUT TJP AS SECURITY
"Warant Out for Arrest of President
Kahler of Imperial Ginger Ale
Company.
R. S. Mossman, 807 Keamy street,
swore out a warrant In Judge Fritz's
court yesterday for the arrest of H. S.
Kahler, president of the Imperial Ginger
Ale and Seltzer Water Company, 1923
Market street, on the charge of felony
embezzlement.
Mossman alleges that he was emnjoyed
to drive a wagon for the company, and
had to deposit as security $275. He has not
been working for some time, and when he
applied for the return of the money he
put up as security Kahler refused to hand
it over.
Detective Dillon has been detailed en the
case, and it is alleged by the police that a
number of other men have been making
complaints about giving money as secur
ity and not being able to get it back. It
is said that in this way the company holds
about $2900.
Meade Helief Corps.
The entertainment and grab bag party
that was given on the night of the 6th
inst. by the General G. G. Meade Relief
Corps, W. R. C, in Occidental Hall was
well attended and was a great success,
due wholly to the energetic efforts of the
committee of arrangements. There was
a very enjoyable programme of varied
numbers, including music, songs and spe
cialties, after which dancing occupied the
attention of those present until it was
time to Investigate the contents of the
grab bag.
Foresters of America.
The ninth annual ball given by Club
Barbarossa, composed of members of
Court Barbarossa. Foresters of America,
in Harmony Hall, Mission street, on the
night of the 3d instant, was well attended
and was up to the high standard of the
previous social functions given the
members of this court, through its social
club. The event was marked foe socia
bility, good programme of dances and the
hospitality of the entertainers.
Ancient Order Foresters.
The Twentieth Century Club will give
another party In the Foresters' building
on the night of the 16th instant.
Court Prosperity has announced an en
tertainment and dance for the 20th in
stant.
A new court was instituted at Floriston
on the sth instant with thirty members by
Deputy S. Bacnrach, In the presence of
members of several courts in the vicinity.
Stranger— You must find it very lonely
on these hills. Shepherd— Lonely? No, I
don't. Why. there was a man an' a 'oss
passed yesterday, an' there's you to-day.
— Punch.
HOSTETTEI*
M \ CELEBRATED ,*V
fet STOMACH
Fitters
:¦ The Bitters is th i best medicine for
the stomach, blooJ and nerves.
It p.TirCts digestion arid cures, \
Dyspepsia, Constipation, Bil-
¦ iou ness, . - Flatulency and
, Malaria, Fever and Ague.
• Don't fail to try it.
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
..OIL 5T0VE5...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
So s.mSkl: 309 io 3/7 Market Street.
San Francisco.
CITY WOULD BUY
STREET RAILWAYS
Companies Asked to Of
fer Systems for
Sale.
Extension of Sunset Main
Sewer Ordered by the
Supervisors.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the following resolution by Reed:
It U the intention of the board to enter into
negotiations for the permanent acquisition by
the city and county, by original construction,
condemnation or purchase of street railroads
and to formulate and submit to the electors ot
the city and county, at a special election, a
proposition for the permanent acquisition and
ownership thereof; therefore be it
Resolved, That In conformity with the pro
visions of the charter the Geary Street Railway
Company, the Market Street Railway Company.
California Street Railway Company, Fresldio
and Ferris Railroad Company, the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Railway Company, the
¦Butter Street Railway Company, and all other
persons, firms or corporations possessing street
railroads in the city and county, or franchises
for the operation of street railroads therein,
are hereby solicited to offer for sale to the
city and county of San Francisco on or before
Monday. November 25, 1901, their street rail
roads and the #anchiscs for operating the
same.
Should any one of the corporations de
cline to offer its property for sale the pro
posal to acquire the Geary-street road
and extend it by municipal authority as
reported by the Board of Works will be
submitted to the people.
The ordinance ordering the construction
and extension of the Sunset main sewer
from H street and Fourteenth avenue to
its outfall at a cost of $40,000 was finally
passed.
MOLTEK, SUBS TO RECOVER
HIS HARD-EARNED COIN
Claims His Wife Left Him for Harry
Blews and Took His
Savings.
Charles Moller, a manufacturer of car
riage trimmings, does not seem to mind
the loss of his wife, but his objections to
her taking his money are strenuous.
He filed a suit yesterday against Harry
Blews. the man whom he claims won hia
wife from him, for the $4000 which he al
leges his wife took with her when she
left him to. go with Blews. who keeps a
cigar store at 140 First street.
Moller alleges in his complaint that
Blews has $1800 invested In the cigar store
and $2200 in bank. Judge Dunne Issued an
order restraining Blews from drawing
any of the money in bank and from dis
posing of the cigar business.
Convicted of Burglary. *
John O'Malley was tried before a jury
in Judge Cook's court yesterday on a
charge of burglary for breaking into the
residence of O. B. Osborne. 1108 Devlsa
dero street, on the night of May 10 last
and stealing a sealskin cape and several
articles of jewelry. O'Malley was con
victed of burglary in the second degree
and will be sentenced Friday.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Antone McDonald, the old man who
was arrested by Special Officer Green for
stealing a purse containing $4 50 from
Mrs. Mary Devine of Stanislaus County In
front of Hale Brothers' store, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny. His bonds were fixed at
J2OOO.
¦ NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
Xewbro's Herpicide Destroys the
Dandruff Germ Permanently and
Cures Baldness.
Quinine and rum and a whole lot of
other things are pleasant to rub on the
scalp after washing it free of dandruff,
but not one preparation of the general
run cures dandruff and falling hair. It IS
necessary to kill that germ to be perma-
nently cured of dandruff and to stop fall-
ing hair. Newbro's Herpicide will posi-
tively destroy that .germ, so that there
can be no more dandruff, and so that the
hair will grow luxuriantly. - "Destroy the
cause and you remove the effect." .
AMUSEMENTS.
BE LAS CO A»° THALK&yt+rfpt
1^ m ™ mmn cuyium
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
Mammoth Spectacular Production of the Fa-
mous Melodrama, ¦-¦'-:
"LIGHTS O'
' LONDON."
PDirC? Evening We. 15c. 25c 35c 60c
rnlvCj Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— "KlNG OF THE OPIUM RING."
gfH|^ RACING
'\~JS'j£i^ Il*&**1 l*&** Every Week Day—
Qr . Rain or Shine.
f.EW CALIFORNIA JUCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
- Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars. on train reserved for
ladies and thrlr escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell s Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.'
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
PJCpiJpR'C CONCERT HOUSE,
riOtnLfl O Admission lOc.
Myrtle Selwyn; Floria; Carle and Boyle;
Eleanora Jenkins; Wm. Blake; Swor and
Hathaway; Bushlaush; Sid Baxter;, and Hln-
richs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 23c. Mati-
nee Sunday.
AMTJSEMiiSTS. .
Grand Opera House
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Drs. De Vecchi and Selfridge have notified
Mr. Grau that Mile. Calve will not be able
to sing on Friday, as was expected. The first
performance of ¦'CARMEN" with 2ILLE.
CALVE will therefore positively take place * ¦
NEXT WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nov. 2a
Parties having purchased seats for "CAR-
MEN" can have them exchanged for WEDNES-
DAY EVENING, Nov. 20. or have their money
refunded at the box office. No seats for the
•CARMEN" performance of WEDNESDAY
EVENING. Nov. 20, will be placed on sale
until FRIDAY, Nov. 15. thus giving- ample op-
portunity to those desirous of exchanging their
seats.
Seats purchased tor the performance of
"CARMEN" originally announced f»r this
evening must be exchanged to-day before 5
p. m. ¦ n
"DIE WALKURE" will be given on FRIDAY
of this week instead of "CARMEN" aa an- .
nounced. ¦ -
Grand Opera House
San Francisco Season of Grand Opera,'
1 Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
I TO-NIGHT at 8. "THE HUGUENOTS."
! Gadski. Homer and Suzanne Adams; De
Marchi, Journet, Scottl and Ed - de Reszke.
t Conductor. Flon.
Wednesday evening. Nov. 13. at 8. "LA TRA-
VI ATA. " Sembrich; Campanarl and Salignac.
Conductor. Seppllli. >
I Thursday evening. Nov. 14. at 8. "TANN-
HAUSER." Eames. P.euss-Belce. Frltzi Schert;
Van Dyck. Blass. Bispham. Conductor, Dam-
rosch.
i Friday evening. Nov. 15, at 7:45, "DIB
WALKURE." Gadski, Schumann-Heink.
Homer. Scheff. Seygard, Marylli. Bridewell,
Bauermeister. Van Cauteren and Reuas-Belce;
Van Dyck. Blass and Bispham. Conductor.
Damrosch.
Saturday afternoon, Nov. 16, at 2. "FAUST."
Sembrich. Homer; Dippel. Campanarl, Ed de
i Reszke. Conductor, Seppllli.
I Saturday evening. No. 16. at 8. "MANON."
i Sybil Sanderson; Declery, Journet, Salignac.
! Conductor. Flon. *
Seats now on sale at BOX OFFICE of the
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. Prices. {2, J3, #4, |3
i and $7. " General admission. $2. »
I Sunday evening. Nov. IT. at 8. First Grand
Opera Performance at popular prices. "LA
BOHEME." Suzanne Adams, Fritzt SchefT;
De Marchi, Journet, Campanari. ; Conductor,
Seppilli.
I Seats for this performance now on sale at
1 the Boa Office of the Grand Opera-
| Prices. $1. S3. $3 50, »3. V ;'>
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK.
Monday evening. Nov. 18. at 8. Only per-
formance of "ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sibyl
: Sanderson. Bridewell; Sallgnac. Ed de Reszke.
Journet, Declery and Bars. Conductor. Flon.
Tuesday evening, Nov. 19. at 8. Joint ap-
pearance of Mme. Eames and Mme. Sembrich
i in Mozart's Opera. "LE NOZZE DI FIGARO"
(The Marriage of Figaro), with an unprece-
I dented cast. Eames. Scheff and Sembrich; Ed
!de Reszke and Campanari. Conductor, Seppilll.
Wednesday evening. Nov. 20 t . at 3. "CAR-
MEN." Calve. Suzanne Adams, Salignac and.
Scotti. Conductor. Flon.
1 Thursday evening. Nov. 21. at 7:45, "DIE
MEISTERSINGER." Gadski, Schumann-Heink;
, Dippel/Blspham. Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke.
Conductor. Damrosch.
, The balance of the repertoire for nest week
j will be announced later. • .
i The sale of seats for any of the above per-
formances (except "CARMEN") will begin at
the box office of the Grand Opera-house TO-
MORROW MORNING at 9 o'clock.
I WEBER PIANOS USED.
_ g Ig \\ ff riTa H n %—
*TIV_OLI*
"A HT! A PALPABLE HIT!"
Every evening this week at 3 sharp.
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
IN
The Belle of New York
Next Week - - "A GAIETY GIRL"
i Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 sharp!
Popular Prices— 2sc. 50c and 75c.
i Telephone Bush 9.
#*f)l HUD I A SA " nwrciscn
I#UILUm£IIA ifmiGTBEATHS
'¦ LAST SIX NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
!o^ h LE MOYNE
i - In Charles Henry Meltzer"s Historical Play,
"THE FIRST
DUCHESS OF M \RLBOROIQH."
1l BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY,
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Augustus Thomas* ,
Phenomenally Successful Comedy^ ;
"ON THE QUIET.'
SEATS READY THURSDAY MORNING.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Matinee Saturday Only.
JAMES A. HERNE'S
Famous Comedy Drama and Beautiful Play, ¦
"SHORE ACRES."
Entire New Scenery and a Fine Acting
.',. ". - Company.
SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNDAY HA VERLY'S MAS-
TODON MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA— EXTRA-Elllnghou«« and Op-
penhelmer beg to announce the farewell Ex- ,
I planatory Recital at the Piano THIS af-
! ternoon at 2:15, on WAGNER'S "Tristan und
Isolde" by Walter Damroech. .
SEATS READY.
WONDERFUL ATTRACTIONS !
The Girl With the Auburn Hair, Fra-
ser Troupe, Fred Niblo, Joseph
Adelman. The Onllaw Trio, Bur-
ton's Acrobatic Comedy Dogs. Th-j
liOckps, Lillian Burkhart and Com-
pany, and the Bio graph. V'J
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
fIVH MAT R rU ?
Belaaco and Tha11..... Managers
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Russ Why tal' s Great Military Play,
"For Fair Virginia."
, Interpreted by th«
LATEST AND GREATEST
ALCAZAR SIOCK CO.
Seats on sale six days In advance.
PRICES— ISc, 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT— "SELF AND LADY."
Thanksgiving Week— "WE "UNS OF TEN-
• NESSEE."
I PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. . -¦¦-'" ...";•",
GRAND HOTEL.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sihrr lower. Sterling Exchange higher.
Jilicat futures easier. Barley dull.
Heavy receipts of Oats from the' north. Corn dull.
Fair shipping demand for Rye.
Hax and Fccdstuffs in good supply and weak.
Beans generally steady, with some changes.
Butter staggering under excessive supplies.
Eggs continue to advance under light stocks.
Dried Pears. Peaches. Prunes and Apricots dull and weak.
Hams. Bacon and Lard i-2c lower all around.
Hogs in liberal supply and weak. Other Meats as before.
Potatoes and Onions higher and very firm.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Nothing mew in Fresh Fruits.
Local stocks and bonds fairly active.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
According to the London Grocers' Gazette of
October 2€ transactions in Alaska salmon' have
been fairly heavy, causing sellers to take a
firmer stand. A few lots of Fraser River sal
mon have arrived by overland route and have
proven of satisfactory quality. The cheapness
of Balmon comoared to other provisions is
causing the consuming public to again enter
the market. California fruits in London ar^
almost lifeless.
Coinage of the Mints. '
The coinaire of the different mints for the
first ten months of the year was as follows:
Pouble eagles $22,649,900 00
Eagles 41,310,420 00
Half-eagles 13,1*4,830 00
yuarter-eagles 710 00
Standard dollars 20,132,535 00
Half-dollars 3,066,783 50
Quarter-dollars 2,551,29!) 75
Dimes 2,204,320 20
Jive cents 935,610 65
Cents M 3.541 43
Total 1112.560,356 53
Jn 1900 113,295. 701> b4
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "Currants
continue in active demand from all quarters
and the market is firm at 5%c for Amalias.
The already strong local position of the article
is strengthened by cables announcing that the
Abbazia. which it was expected would reach
I'atias to load for this market within a short
time. wi!l not go 10 Greece at all. Supplies on
the spot are held in very strong bonds, largely
lui^e importer, and with a continuance
01 active aemaiid trie market tiurine the rest
of the fall promises to rule very strong. The
Guildiiall. with about <>siXt barrels, is expected
the latter part ot this week, but receivers are
awmltiasj her arrival belore ottering irom hsr.
'The situation on new Persian dates is easier,
owing to the arrival of the Perugia, with some
thing over 20.0<X> boxes. The entire cargo is
advertised tj be sold at auction to-moriow.
Figf are firm at last week's advance for better
grades and are having good demand. S
. ..be is reported, but price is not men
tioned. Cables from both Smyrna and Liver
pool retort firmer markets.
' Di ill— lll raisins are more plentiful on the
epot, and the market is easier. Three-crcwn
loose Muscatels are offered at 5%c and to ar
rive in a lew days at 5%c. The coa.n raisin
situation is still weak and unsettled, with con
tinued rumors of low prices. New Malaga
r? are in fairly good demand here, and
the Spanish market is reported sumewhat
firmer. New Valencia layers are selling quite
Jieely at 6%(g7c, and spot supplies are nearly
exhausted, while goods t" arrive per Guild
hail late in the week are offering at 6'ac.
Valencia seeded, in boxes, are iuo~.ed on t-pct
at 6%c. Prunes are in quod demand on .-=pot.
"i:\ai ,r>raU:-d apples are yuiet. and really
prime stock is depressed by liberal offerings
of off grades from points outside the State
which are available all the way from 7c to
Waste is firmer and in better demand
cat her Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
San Francisco, Cal., November 11. Ml, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours: ' •
Last This Last
Stations 24 hours Season Season
Eureka ..'. 0.00 6.78 3.70
Red Bluff 0.00 4.24 3.75
Sacranarr.to 0.00 2.68 1.92
San Francisco Trace 2.31 2.12
Fresno-: 0.00 1.65 0.43
Independence Trace 1.01 0.34
San Luis Obispo 0.02 3.93 1.93
Los Angeles 0.00 2.44 0.2G
San Diego 0.04 0.75 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 50; mean. ",.".
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 26-24 Omaha -...64-5S
Cincinnati 58-44 Duluth 48-40
Washington ... . SO-Su Salt Lake City....64-"si
Jacksonville 70-50 ; Chicaeo ... 58-45
New York 4" -3.' St. Louis 66-58
Kansas City 66-04 1 Philadelphia 49-34
THE COAST RECOKD.
H g w - tn %
STATIONS. 3 33? 3^~ £* 5
-¦¦-¦. s r ¦¦•.
1 • = • . -I t
t : ; ; : 3
Astoria 30.02 54 40 SW Rain 06
Baker 30.34 44 20 SE Cloudy 0o
Carson 30. 3U 52 SO NE Clear 00
Eureka...' 30.30 54 40 N\V Clear 00
Fresno 30.24 62 M N\V Clear 00
Flagstaff 30.26 50 30 E Clear 0J
Pocatello, Idaho .30. 40 40 28 S Olear 00
Independence 30.16 CO 40 N clear 0j
Los Angeles 30.12 66 48 W Clear 00
Phoenix 30.04 72 52 W Clear 00
Portland... 30.16 52 36 S Cloudy T
Red Bluff 30.26. 64 44 . . Clear 6)
Roseburg. 30.24 56 34 . . Pt Cldy 00
Bacram<ftto 30.22 62 46 NE Clear 00
¦•It Lake *>.« .44 32 NW Clear 03
, San Francisco 30.28 60 50 W Clear 00
San LuisObispo...3«.22 64 46 N Clear 'o!>
San Diego 30.10 68 56 N Clear 'od
Seattle, 30.00 53.38 SE Rain !o6
Spokane 30.18 42 28 SE Cloudy T.
Near. Bay ..........29.84 54 38 SW Rain IS<
Walla Walla 30.18 54 36 SE Cloudy T
Winnemucca 30.32- 48 46 6W Clear 00
Tuma 30.04 74 52 XW Clear !oo
Temperature— a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over Northwestern Wash
ington and Vancouver Island. A moderate dis
turbance-appears to be approaching the coast
in the extreme Northwest «»«•
The temperature has risen over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope. Throughout Calif or
nla it has remained nearly stationary
Forecast made at San Francisco" for thirty
hours ending midnight, November i"> 1901-
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, becoming
cloudy at night and probably rain In extreme
northern portion: light northerly winds South!
em California-Fair Tuesday; light northerly
winds.-. Nevada-Fair Tuesday, continued cold
weather; light northerly winds. San Francisco
and vJcir.lty-Fair Tuesday, becoming cloudy
fit night-, light northerly winds changing to
southerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIeT:
. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— There was another
day of.tiroad and active speculation in stocks
to-day; and a large and well distributed de
mand for bonds outside of the extraordinary
dealing« in some of the convertible and specu
lative bcndß. It is notable in this regard that
•while tb« dealings for the last week in sucks
were «tHi below the large business of the cor
responding period of last year .the par value
of the honds dealt in last week exceeded (hose
of the corresponding period of last ytar ,by
over J5.000.000. The .demand for stocks to-day
was exceedingly varied, as was the movement
of prices, owing to the fact that the buying
demand shifted to new quarters and realizing
of profits -proceeded actively in last- week's fa
vorites, taking advantage of the sustaining
force of the new favorites. The dealings con
tinued to a large extent to remain in profes
sional hands, although there was some acces
s! in of speculative interest to-day shown by
orders through commission houses. While the
professionals dominate the market, the news
of the day as influencing stock speculation is
likely to be distorted in its perspective to suit
the prevailing sentiment or the speculation.
To-day the Northwestern railroad settlement
and the Vanderbilts' plan of merger, which
furnished the material of the bulls during the
last week's rise, lell into the background de
cidedly, while discussion became very active
on the favorable prospects in the coal trade,
the iron and steel trade and the extraordlr ary
railroad traffic, of which reports are heard on
all hands. In accordance with this tendency,
the coal -carriers . and the iron and steel indus
trials made conspicuous advances to-day while
the professionals sold the transcontinental
stocks and the Vanderbilts to take their prot
its. After the unprecedented outlays of the
past year lor increase and Improvement 01
rolling stock and equipment,- the fact that an
actual car famine exists in many part* of
the country is conclusive evidence that the
business offering to the railroads is greater
than ever. Grain receipts are said to be small
because of lack of cars. This accords with the
reports that the overwhelming railroad • traffic
is largely made up of general merchandise,
due to the activity in trade in all lines. The
urgent demands for freight cars and other
forms of railroad equipment made the move
ment to-day in the car and steel Industrials a
natural corollary of the movement in the rail
road stocks. The day's conspicuous advances
will be seen to have centered in the anthra
cite and sort coal carriers and in the car and
steel industrials. - Sugar and Amalgamated
Copper were affected by an active demand
lrom the shorts, and both stocks were largely
dealt in for Boston account. Union Picnic
erred rose four points, and Great North
ern pjeierred and Northern Pacific preferred
moved upward at the last on revived reports
of an early settlement. Sentiment continued
confident over the money outlook, although
.foreign exchange continued strong and addi
tional gold shipments are expected later In
the week. Realizing became very general in
the late dealings, but a number of rallies
made the closing irregular.
The bond market was active and strong
Standard Rope 6s rose 4 &- Total sales,
Jb.tiio.W.Hj.
United States refunding 2s declined Vi and
the old fours advanced % per cent on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Stocks— Sales High Low Close
f *<*i"°"* -V, 55,700 BiV* 84% 84* i
Atchison pfd 30.300 103% 102% 102%
Baltimore & Ohio 16,700 110 108% 109
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 200 95 S3 93
Canadian Pacific 2.200 112% 112% 112U
Canada Southern 400 84% 84% 84Vk
Chesapeake & Ohio .... 12,300 48% 4S'J 48
Chicago & Alton 3,300 38Vi 37>4 37%'
Chicago & Alton pfd... 5W 78 77% 77%
Chicago Ind & L 19,500 47% 43% 47%
Chicago Ind & L pfd... 11.6JU 75% 74% 74%
Chicago & Eastern 111.. 4,000 140 132 134%
Chi & Great West 22,100 27 26% 26
Chi & Great West A pfd 500 89% 89 89%
Chi & Great West Bpfd 3,200 50% 50 50
Chi & Northwestern 1,500 213 212 211%
Chi RI & P 2.200 148 147% 147%
Chi Ter & Trans 4,600 21% 20% 20
Chi Ter & Trans pfd... 8.700 33% 37% 38%
CC &St Louis 1,900 100% 100% 99%
Colo Southern 700 ' 14% 14% 14 Vi
Colo Southern Ist pfd... 200 56 M SS^i
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 4M 26 25% 25%
Delaware & Hudson ... 1.100 174 173*4 173U
Del Lack & Western .'. 236
Denver & R G 2,200 47 46% 46%
Denver & R G pfd 6.100 98% 95% 95
Erie 75,800 44% 42% 42%
Erie Ist pfd 27,200 73 71% 72',
Erie Zd pfd 6,100 58% 57% 68%
Great Northern pfd 5,400 202 198% 200%
Hocking Valley 4.600 62% 60 61 3 i
Hocking Valley pfd 4,4W M " 78 79%
Illinois Central .... 1,800 143 141% 141%
lowa Central 400 .41% 41% 41%.
lowa. Central pfd ..... 800 79 75% '78%
Lake Erie & West * 900 74 73% 73
Lake Erie • West pfd - 131
Louisville & Nashville. 20.700 108 107% 107%
Manhattan L ;... 30,800 128% 127% 127
Metropolitan St Ry 18,900 164% 163 164'
Mexican Central ....... 4,100 22% 22% 22%
Mexican National 1,000 13% 13% 13%
Minn &St Louis 300 103 108% 108,4
Missouri Pacific 9,700 104% 104% 104%
Missouri X & T 1.400 27% 27% -27%
Missouri X & T pfd... 2,500 53% 54% 55
New Jersey Central 173
New York Central ! 6,900 164% 163% 163%
Norfolk & Western €00 58% 58 55
Norfolk & Western pfd." 3,000 91 91 91
Northern Pacific pfd.... 5,600 103% 101% IQZU
Ontario & Western 20,100 35% 35% 23%
Pennsylvania 1,300 147% 147% 147%
Reading 42,200 45% 44 45
Reading Ist pfd ".. 7,900 78% 78 78%
Reading 2d pfd 30,400 56% 55 55%
St L & S F 7.700 51 50 50%
St L& S F Ist pfd 400 82 81 81
St L&S F M pfd...... 3,000 72 71% 71%
St L Southwestern 200 • 29% 29 29%
St L Southwestern pfd. 2,203 61 60% 60%
St Paul .-. 36,100 174% 173 173i,4
St Paul pfd 100 191% 191% 190%
Southern Pacific 70,500 62% 62% 62%
Southern Railway 23,100 34% 34% 34Vi
Southern Railway pfd.. 7.200 91% 91 91%
Texas & Pacific 6,700 42 41% 41%
Toledo St L& W 100 20% 20% 20%
Toledo St L& W pfd.. 200 36% 36% 85%
Union Pacific 86.200 108% 107% 107%
Union Pacific prefd. 43,500 94% 90% 93%
Wabash 1.7C0 21% 21 21
Wabash prefd 3,000 39 38% 38%
Wheel & Lake Erie 200 19% 19 18%
Wheel &LE 2d prefd.. 100 31 31 31
Wisconsin Central 4,300 22% 21% 22%
Wisconsin Cent prefd... 1,600 44 42 ¦ 43 .
I Express Companies — ,
Adams .' 185
American 192
United States 100 93 S3 93
Wells-Fargo i .". .... 181
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper... 5,600 88% 80% 87%
Amer Car & Foundry... 4,600 28% 27 27%
Am C & Foundry prefd. * 1,600 86 "• 83 83
Amer Linseed Oil .... 15
Amer Linseed Oil prefd 44
Am Smelt & Ref:... 4,600 43% 42% 43%
Am Smelt & Ref prefd. 600 97% 97 97
Anaconda Mining C 0.... 3,600 35% 34% 35
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 25,250 68% ' 66% 66%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 5.000 96 93% 94%
Consolidated Gas 1. 1.100 219 217% 217%
Con Tobacco prefd ...;.' " 115.
General Electric ..':....: 400 259 258 "259
Glucose Sugar /...'. • 50 40- 39% 40
Hocking Coal .'. ....;- 200 15 15 14%
International Paper ..„, 1,100 21% 20 21%
Inter Paper prefd 400 76% 76 ! T6%
International Power 1,100 88 87% 87%
Laclcde Gas ............. ..... ...-. 92%
National : Biscuit 800 42% 42 42
National Lead ;.. 300 .19% 19% 19
National . Salt. ........... .... 32
National Salt prefd ..... . ..... .... 63
North American 2,000 96% 95 96%
Pacific Coast :. y... 100 63% 63% •63
Pacific Mail 3,300 43% 48% 48%
People's Gas 3,700 104%* 103% . 103%
Pressed Steel Car. 4,300 .44% 44 44%
Pressed Steel Car prefd I.SOO 85% " 84% 84%
Pullman Palace Car 300 220 MO 219
Republic Steel ...'. 6.900 '16% : 15% 15%
Republic Steel prefd.... 3,100 68% 66% CB%
Sugar 27,900 122% 120 122%
Term Coal & Iron 16.900' .65 63 64%
Union & PCo p-efd ..... .... 71%
Union Ba & P Co prefd 71%
U I leather ••••••• 3.600 12% 12% 12%
1 S Rubber 500 ISU nil i-,a*
U I Rubber prefd ...... 800 50 49 49
H |- ft** 1 , • ' •• VV 40,300 44% 44% 44%
VS t Steel p M ..38,200 94 93% 93%
Western Union 1200 92% 92 <••>%
¦ Shares sold 1,05r..700
T c # „ CLOSING BONDS.
L S ref 2s. reg....i08% Hock Valley 4%5:.107%
do coupon .... 108*4 L& N unified 15 102
do 3l »- registered. 108 Mexican Cen to. . 82%
do coupon .......108 do Ist' lnc 30
Ido new 48. re *- ' • ' Minn &PL is. '. 103
T uo coupon 139 MK&T4S.. mo*
V B old 4s. reg...-:m |M c 2 V. !::• 83V.
us coupon 112*. H V Centra » ist 8 ::io5%
D b ss, reg ..107 do gen 3Ub 10R
w«-#s . Bt^l: i>j: " :::: a.
c & Ohio 4%5.....M07i4 snAp;ii::::::?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
fhi & Alton 3%5.. 85 South Pacific 45... 95
L-B & Q new 45.. 58 Vt ' South Railway ss. 120%
Chi M & St Paul Texas & P lsts. .. .120%
Sen 4s no% T St L & W 45... Sl»»
Chi & Nw con 75.137V> Union Pacific 45...1U0%
<- R I & P 4s 106%; do com- 4s 10S%
C C C & St L gen I Wabash lsts 118
* a 103% i do 2ds 11l
Lhi Terminal 45... al% do deb B 61%
Colo & South 45... 88ft West Shore 4s 112%
Denver & R G 45. 103 W & L E 4s 93
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% : Wis Central 45.... BS%
do general 45.... b'S l^ ¦¦ Con Tob 4s 64%
F W & D C 15t.. 107% i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 9 50
Breece l 00 Ophir V 5
Brunswick Con ... 10 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 0.3 Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra.. 05 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 4)
Iron Silver 61 Standard 3 75
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — | Mmmg —
Call loans 3%@4 Adventure 24
Time loans 4 @5 Allouez 4%
Bonds— Amalgamated 87%
N E Gas & Coke.. 52 Baltic 44
Railroads— Bingham 28%
Atchison 84% Cafumet & Hecla.64s
do pfd 102% Centennial 17%
Boston & Albany. 2s7% Copper Range 62%
Boston & Maine... 192% Dominion Coal 46%
Boston Elevated ..166 .Franklin 18%
N Y. N H & H...213 lisle Royale 25
Fltehburg pfd.. ..144 i Mohawk 42%
Union Pacific 107% '01d Dominion 26
Mexican Central .. 22 [Osceola 100
Miscellaneous— Parrot 36%
American Sugar. ..122% Tamarack 275
Dom Iron & Steel. 27 Trimountain 45
General Electric . .258%, Trinity .'. 26%
Mass Electric .... 36 (United States 76
do pfd 83%' Utah 24
N E Gas & Coke.. 4Vi i Victoria 7
United Fruit 90i4;Winona 2
U S Steel 41 I Wolverine 68
do pfd 93%'
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— Money on call firm at
3?i@4 per cent: last loan, -3M, per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange— Strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and
at $4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates— s4 84%@4 85 and $4 88.
Commercial bills— s4 86%@4 8394-
Bar silver— s7%c.
Mexican dollars — 45yc.
Government bonds— lrregular; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds steady.
Foreign Markets. ¦
LONDON. Nov. 11.— Consols, 91%; Silver,
26% d: French Rentes, lOOf 82% c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firm, but not active; cargoes of No.
1 Standard California wheat, 295: cargoes of
Walla Walla. 2Ss 9d; English country markets,
firm advanced 6@lld: imports of wheat into
United Kingdom. 256.0C0 bushels: imports of
flour into I'nited Kingdom, 196.000 bushels;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom.
2.540.000 bushels: wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,430,000 bushels; Indian shipments of
wheat to United Klncdom. 14.000.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 11.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 5s lld-g.is ll%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, part cheaper; weather in
England, overcast
COTTON— Uplands, 4 5-16 d.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance,
$177,269,911; gold, $110,C43,291.
Government Crop Report.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— The following crop
report was issued this afternoon by the De
partment of Agriculture:
The preliminary estimate of the average
yield per acre of corn, as published in the
monthly report of the statistician of the De
partment of Agriculture is 16.4 bushels, as
compared with an average yield of 25.3 bushels
per acre in 1900 and 1899, and a ten-year aver
age of 24.4 bushels.
Preliminary estimates of the yield per acre
of potatoes is 59.9 bushels, against an average
yield per acre of 80.8 bushels in 1900, 85.6 bush
els in 189S and a ten-year average of 75.7 bush
els.
The preliminary estimate of the average
yield per acre of hay is 1.32 tons, against an
average yield of 1.28 tons 1900, 1.35 tons in 1899,
and a ten-year average of 1.28 tons.
The apple crop Is considerably below the ten
year average, the pear and grape crops are
slightly below and the sweet potato crop is
slightly above.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
35,200 barrels; exports, 14,808 barrels. Firm and
active at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 142,700 bushels; exports,
135.184 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 83% cf. o.
b. afloart; No. 2 red, 80% c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 81% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. "S9c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easy on account of cables
and large Northwest receipts, but later turned
strong with corn. They ruled firm all day,
closing steady %c net higher. May, 81 15-16 c.
closed Sl%c; December, 79 11-16QS0y B e, closed
SOc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice, 7%c;
mild, firm; Cordova, 7%@12c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts, 4645 packages; firm;
State dairy, 14@22c; creamery, 15'523%c; June
creamery, 17%(521%c; factory, 12%(g.15 1 -.c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5500 packages; firm; West
ern candled, 21<5.26c; Western uncandled, 20
@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Out-of-town orders were rather scarce for
evaporated apples, and the bulk of the business
was in the way of evening up of old accounts.
State, common to good, 6@Bc; prime, B%c;
choice, 9c; fancy, 9%@9%c.
California dried fruits unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOXS— RoyaJ 8%@13c; Moorpark S@l2c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 11018 c; unpeeled, 6@9%c
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Strength and activity
marked the first of the session in the wheat
pit. At the opening there was such a quanti
ty of bearish information that nearly every one
started in to sell.
Cables were weak, primary receipts showed
500,000 bushels increase and there were also
considerable increases in the amount on pass
age and in the world's visible supply. Added
to this was the news of rains in the districts
where they were most needed. December
opened %@%c higher. Commission houses had
orders that absorbed all that was offered at
any decline and as a result December sold up
to 73% c. At this point, however, longs were
satisfied with profits and began to liquidate,
which eased the market, December closing
steady, a shade under at 72%@73c.
Corn opened higher on Improved cables and
maintained a firm undertone. December closed
firm, %c to %c higher at 59% c. Receipts were
84 cars.
December oats felt the influence of the strong
cash situation. December closed firm %c to %c
higher at 39%@39%c Receipts were 232 cars.
Provisions were dull but steady. Early
weakness in hogs brought a depressed opening,
but the strength in grains brought an improved
tone. January Pork closed 2%c up; January
Lard unchanged and Ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Articles— '¦ . Open. V High. Low. Close.
"'. Wheat No. —
November :..-:72% 72*4 72% 72%
December..... 72% " 73% 72% 73
May-...: :....., 75*4 - 76 76% 75%
. Corn No. 2—2 — • • <
November 59 • 59% . 59 59%
December ..........' 69% 60 • 59% 59%
May 62V4 . .' 62% 62% 62%
1 Oats No. 2— . ,
December. ...:..'.... 38% 39% 38% : 391,4
May ...:............ 40% 40% 40% 40%
Mess Pork, per bbl— -»•» • • ' . 
January .....1. .....14 SO 15 02% 14 90 15 00
May-. ...'..:. ....15 10 15 25 15 10 15 20
• Lard, per 100 — •,-;-•*'• ¦• , ' .
November .'. 855
December...::..... 8 52% 8 57% 8 57% 8 57%
January ............ 8 57% -.'.8 62% 855 860
May ...'...... S7O _ 8 75': 8 67% 873
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . .
January ::. 770 ~7 75 770 .: 7 72%'
May •.........•..:.... 7 82% ' . 7 77% 780 . 785
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, very
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@71Vie; No. 2 red.
74*4 c; No. 2 oats, 40% c; No. 2 white, 42%ig43*4c;
No. 3 white, 42V4@43c; No. 2 rye, 60>4c; fair to
choice malting barley, 56(559c; No. 1 Northwest
ern flaxgeed. $1 48; prime timothy seed, $5 85;
mess pork, per bbl, $13 80®13 90; lard, per 100
lbs. $8 57V£<?f8 90; short ribs sides (loose), $7 90fS
7 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7^4<37Hc;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 3098 SO; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 SI; clover, contract
grade, $!) 06.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 240.000 125,000
Corn, bushels 100,000 116,000
Oats, bushels 256.U00 151,000
Rye, bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 96,000 ' 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was ttrm; creameries, 15@22c; dairies,
13@19c; cheese, steady 9%® 10 Vic; eggs, firm;
fresh, 22V&C
Foreign Futures.
UVERPOOI*
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening , 5 tf% 5 11V4
Closing 5 9% 5 11
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. • Mar. -June.
Opening 20 90 223 5
Closing 20 95 22 3(J
Flour-
Opening - 26 50 28 50
Closing 26 60 28 30
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2,000. including 250 Texans and 25J Westerns.
Choice firm, others steady but slow. Good to
prime, $6 25@ti tfO; poor to medium, $5 35(&;6 00;
stockers and feeders $2 00(54 25; cows, $100®
4 SU; heifers, $150Q5 0u; dinners, $1 00@2 25';
bulls, $1755/4 50; calves, $3 50®6 25; Texas
steers, $3 30@4 00 ; Western steers, $3 50@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 36,000. To-morrow,
24,000. Left over, 2800. Steady to 5c lower.
Mixed and butchers', $5 Go@s 90; good to choice
heavy, $5 60@5 95; rough heavy, $5 35@5 55;
light. $5 30@5 60; bulk $5 55@5 75
SHEEP— Receipts, 35,000. Sheep 10c to 25c
lower. Lambs, 10c to 25c lower. Good to
choice wethers, $3 40@4 25; fair to choice
mixed. $2 90@4 20; Western sheep, $3 00@3 50;
native lambs, $2 50@4 60; Western lambs, $3 00
@4 00.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo. Nov. 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1100. Nativesf $3 00@3 75; calves and
heifers, $1 25@5 10; veals, $3 00@6 25.
HOGS— Receipts* $400. Light and light
mixed, $4 70(B4 85; mediums and heavy, $5 75®
5 92%: pigs. $4 25@5 55; bulk $5 70@3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4200. Steady. No lambs.
California Fruit % Sales.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Cornichons, 85@90c.
average SBc; clusters, 90c; Vardels, 55@85c, av
erage 65c; Tokays, 85@95c, average S6c. Four
cars sold to-day; weather raining.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Moroccos, $2 50;
Tokays, Jl 25@2 15, average Jl 91: double crates,
$2 75@3 75. average $3 64; Cornichons, $1 38(31 40,
average $1 39; double crates, $2 75; assorted,
$1 35@1 45, average $1 44. Two cars sold to-day;
weather fine.
A T czu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The local market for
tin, though slightly lower, held steady, closing
at 24.65 c. Tin in London eased oft £1 os under
liquidation, closing at Ell 2 10s for spot and
£107 for futures.
Copper in London advanced 2s 6d to £65 16s 3d
for spot and £65 for futures. Locally the njar
ket was quiet at 16.85@17.C0c for Lake, and
1O : S1' 16% C for casting.
Lead and spelter were without change at
home and abroad, the former closing at 4.37% c
at New York and £11 os at London, and the
latter at 4.30(34. 35c and £16 12s 6d respectively.
Domestic Iron markets were steady but quiet.
Piglron warrants, ?9 50@10 50; No. 1 northern
foundry, SlZ'qlfi; No. 2 foundry, southern, $14®
la; No. 1 foundry, southern. $14 50@la 50; No. 1
foundry, southern soft, $14 50@16.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 555, and
Midaiesbore at 445.
Nciv York Coffee Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Coffee futures opened
firm, with November 20 points and other
months 5@15 points higher on brisk demand,
inspired by further rumors of crop damage, a
lighter ruling of primary receipts and bullish
foreign markets. Following the call, prices
eased on* under general profit-taking sales. Just
before the colse values dropped sharply under
bear pressure, profit-taking and liquidation.
The market closed weak, 15(g'25 • points net
lower. Sales, 133,750 bags, including November,
7.15 c; December, 6.55@7.20q; January, 6.85@7.25c:
February. 7.25@7.35c; April, 7.25 c; May, 7.30<3>
7.60 c; June, 7.35 c; September, 7.25@7.50c.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The statement of <he
vlslbe supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, November 9, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat 4. 915,000, Increase 767,000 bushels; Corn
12, M1, 0.10, decrease 259,000 bushels; Oats 7,790.000,
decrease 308.400 bushels; Rye 1,212,000. Increase
8,000 bushels; Barley 2,398,000, increase 303, 00J
bushels.
New Y / ork Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The cotton market
closed steady, 7 to 11 points lower.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The Commercial* Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks were brisker to-day on the holiday
accumulation of buying orders. Lord Salis
bury's speech was disregarded, and the tone
was cheerful, sympathizing: with Americans,
which started buoyant with Atchison. Union
Pacific and United States leading, hut the pub
lic held aloof. New York took profits In the aft
ernoon, causing a slight relapse, but later there
was a spurt on the curb on account of large
buying orders from New York In Reading an!
Erie.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 11.— Anaconda, 7: Atchison,
Sfi%: Atchtsnn preferred. 10."; Canadian Pacific.
15%; Denver and Rio Grande. 45%; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 98%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 105; Southern Pacific, 63%; Union Pa
cific, 110%; Union Pacific preferred, 91%; bar
silver, dull, 26% d; money, 2%(g'3 per cent.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— Clearings, $870,
613; balances. $119,396.
Northern Wheat Market,
OREGON. 6
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— Wheat, easier;
Walla Walla, 57(g57%c; valley. 57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 11.— Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem, 58c; club, 57c.
Clearings, $269,056; balances, $44,123.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ing
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchanje, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 ® 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change, though Liverpool futures were lower.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows, In quarters: Russian. 300,000- Danu
bian, 124,000; Argentine, 22,000; Indian, 14 OCO-
Australian, 7000. The .American visible supply
increased 697,000 bushels.
Chicago opened weak on cables, but theie
were more buyers than sellers. Later on the
leaders began to sell, which weakened the mar
ket still further. Still later the tone Improved
and weak-kneed bulls, who had dumped their
holding at the opening, began to rebuy and the
outside interest seemed to increase. Minneapo
lis reported that freezing weather in the North
west has made a radical change in conditions
It has suspended threshing for two days in
North Dakota and has probably stopped plow
ing, which will result In a decreased acreae-e
in this section. ge
This market wa= easy, with a slight decline
on call, accompanied by diminished trade.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $10-101%; milling
$1 02i,4@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls
$1 00%: May— 6ooo. $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— May— IS.OOO ctls, $1 05
BARLEY— The market continues weak and
quiet. It is reported that tticre Is a strong line
of longs out. which keeps prices from declining
Feed, 76^c for choice bright, 72V4@70e for No
1 and 70@71',ic for off grades: brewing an.i
shipping grades, 77Vi@S2VS;c; Chevalier, Dsc©
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The already large stocks were in
creased by heavy receipts of 17,945 ctls of
which 11.R50 ctls came from Washington to a
local mill. The market was dull and un
changed. Chicago reported Oats scarce, with
difficulty in supplying the demand.
Grayd, $1 10@l 22?^; whites, fl 15@1 27Vi; Sur
prise, $1 30@l 32%; black, $l@i 20, and red,
U 0531 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN — The market continues dull and easy
at unchanged quotations.
At Chicago Corn is scarce, and difficulty is
experienced in supplying the demand.
Large yellow is quoted at |1 20@l 25: small
round yellow. 51 25® 1 20; white, 1140; Eastern
Corn, nominal.
RYE— Is in demand for shipment at 72%@75c
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15£p 25:
Oregon. $2 Eo@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
(&3.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices In Eacks are as fo.
lows, usual discount to the trade: Granaiii
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra creaiu do, $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 SOftS; Pearl Barley. »o; Rulit Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receiptß of Bran from the north are still
liberal and keep the market well supplied.
Prices show no further decline, however. Tne
other Fetiisuiffs stand as before.
Hay continues soft, but quotations are no
lower.
BRAN— sl7@lß per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@2O £0 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, *16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@23; jobbing $28 50
@2y; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal $31 50
fe32; Cracked Corn, $32i532 50; Mixed Feed $17
&IS.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $S@U; Oat, $8@10; Barley and Oat
$7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover, $5 iO@7; Volun
teer, $5@S: Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Large White and Blackeye Beans are higher.
Pinks show no further decline. Several other
varieties show slight changes. The general
marlcet is quoted steady, with continued pur
chases for shipment. Receipts continue free,
those yesterday being 9511 sks.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25K2 45; Small White, $3ig>
3 20; Large White, $2 ao<32 85; Pea, $3©3 60;
Pink, $1 SC<@;2 15; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, »3 50®
3 75; Llmas, $4 60@4 70; Red Kidneys, $3 5054
per ctl. ¦¦ w
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 2503 40; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary
SVi@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, Irom Utah B%c;
Rape, li4@l%c; Hemp, 3V.C per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were large again, being
7153 sks, while those of Onions were moderate.
Potatoes are generally higher, under a good
shipping demar.c;. and the market is stiff. A
car of Merced Sweets came in, but did not ''lean
up. as there are too many lying around. Thero
are not many coming in from the River, and
it is reported that they will stop raisin? them
there, owing to the Merced competition.
Onions have a^ain advanced.
Vegetables continue to advance, as stocks are
ertting very light.
POTATOES-firaSSc for Burbanka from the
river; Salinas Hurbanks, $1 25@1 50; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 25(gl 40; River .Reds, $140;
Sweets, for Rivers and 75c for Merced
ONIONS— SI 35@1 65 per ctl; Pickle Onioas,
50© 75 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c; Los Ange
les do, 6c; String Beans, 2@4c; Limas, 3@
3%c; Cabbage, Go<J<,7Hc per ctl; Tomatoes, from
Alameda, 40(gS5e; Dried Peppers. 10@15c- Gr?en
Okra, SC4F6OC per box; Carrots, 25(§35c per sack-
Cucumbers, 50@65c; Pickles, 2%<S3c ptr lb tor
small and l(fj'l%c for large; Garlic, l%@2V4c;
Green Peppers, 40ifj.5iic per box for Chile and 40
<§50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 50@65c per box, Sum
mer Squash, 75c@$l; Marrowfat Squash. $6i.iS
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10@15.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry came in, selling as
follows: Hens, $5@5 50: old Roosters, S4 50;
young do, ?5 50; Fryers, $4; large Broilers, $3 50;
small do. $2 50; Ducks, $3@5; Geese, $1 75; Pig
eons, $1 25; Squabs, $2 25; Turkeys, 14c.
Local receipts were insignificant, as usual en
Monday.
. Game showed but little change. Arrivals were
ICO sks, containing some thin birds, but all
were fresh.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15317 c; Live
Turktys, 14tjl5c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings
$1 70f2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $4^4 50; young Roosters, $3 50@4
old Roosters, *3 50^4; Fryers. J3 25<5)3 75; Broil
ers, $3 50£4 for large and *3@3 25' for small;
Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 50©
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 2551 ."0-
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush-
Mallard. $3 50@4; Canvasback. @3@4 50; Sprii'
$2 50(53; Teal, $2@2 25; Widgeon, $150; Small
Ducks. $1 50; Black Jacks. $1 25; English Snipe
$2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese $3 3'»i4-
White Geesa, $1; Brant. $1 25@1 50 per dozen. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two steamers came in from the northern
coast w4th heavy supplies since Saturday, In
creasing the depression of the market and the
pressure to sell. Quotations shaded oft in con
sequence. The market has now got all the but
ter it can stagger under.
Cheese remains the same as before. '
Eggs continue very scarce, and sales at 45c
are reported, though they are not sufficiently
numerous to establish that figure as a quota
tion. The tendency is upward.
Receipts were 19,800 pounds of Butter
pounds of Eastern Butter, 247 cases of Eggs
cases of Eastern Eggs, 4800 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26%@'27%c per lb for
fancy and 21@24c for seconds; dairy, 17%ig23c;
store Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery" Tub.
21(522%c; Pickled Roll, ISQI9c; Keg. lS@l3c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll%«12c: Old. 10% c; Youn^
America, 12%5i13c per Ib: Eastern, 13515 c
EGGS— Ranch. 42@43c for selected large 40<fi>
41c for good to choice and 37%'rf39c for fair;
store. 30c per dozen; cold storage 20@27%c'
Eastern, 19@27%c. " '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Berries were insignificant, and
only two chests of Strawberries arrived.
All Grapes were plentiful except Isabella and
Muscat, but there, was not much demand even
for these. So many were carried over from
Saturday and the shipping demand being want
ing, the market was weak, with crate goods
stacked up all over the street.
Citrus fruits continued weak and quiet. Two
cars of mixed Oranges came in.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra. 50@8ac
for good to choice and 25@500 for ordinary
POMEGRANATES— SO@7:.c per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellis, $14jl 25 per box; com
mon, 50® 75c.
QUINCES— 3S@SOc per box.
PERSIMMONS— OO@9Oc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S— per chest for Long
worths and $5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None In.
RASPBERRIES— S6@7 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— None in.
. CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FlGS— Black, 65@75c for single and- $1 25@1 50
for double layer boxes.
GRAPES— Verdels, 35@60c per box and crate;
Tokay, 35@60c; Isabellas, nominal; Muscat, 35<JJ
60c; Black, 35<??50c; Cornlchons, 35@60c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 75c<8$2 for com
mon, $2 50@3 for good to choice and $3 25@3 50
for fancy; new Navels, $2 50@3 50; Seedlings,
$1 25@2 25; Tangerines. $1 50; Lemons, 90c@$l 50
for common and $2(g>2 75 for good to choice ;
Grape Fruit, $1 50@3; Mexican Limes. $4©
4 50; Bananas, $1 75®3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Peaches, Pears and Apricots are ,' extremely
dull, and shading quotations does not seem to
Increase the movement any. Evaporated Ap
ples rule firm at the slight advance noted last
week. Prunes are weak and dull, being met
with sharp competition » from the Oregon and
Washington product. The local trade rather
expect a • better demand ¦ all around for cured
fruits early in December. . .. -
' FRUITS— 7®B%c for Royals and 8@
13c lor standard- to fancy '.Moorparks; Evapo
rated ' Apples. ...- 5%@7%c: sun-dried, 3^@4%c;
Peaches, 807% c; Pears. 4@'Sc: Plums, pitted, 3Va
@sc; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5^.5%c for red
and s%@6%<vfor white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are auoted as follows:
30-40' s,.c'/4@5%c: 40-50's, ,4%@5c: 50-60' s, 4V4@
60-70's. 3%@4c;'70-80'5.3Vi(33%c; 80-90*8. 2%
@3c;, 90-100' s, :V4@-V4c per lb. ¦ • .. ;-• ..
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb , box) : Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, , $2 50; fancy, -$1 75; 4
crown; ••". $1 60; ' London Layers— Three-crown.
$1 20 ;, two-crown. $1 10. Price' per Ib: Standard
loose .':- Muscatels— Four-crown, • 4%c; Three
crown,- 4Vbc; Two-crown, Z%c; Seedless 1 Musca
tels, 414 c; : Seedless Sultanas, ' 5%c; Thompson
Seedless,' C%c;. Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, B%c;
choice, /7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, sVic; un
bleached Sultanas, : sc. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; --. fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c: prime, 6V2C. Fancy seeded, 6»4c;
choice seeded, 5%c. \ . .-
NUTS— Chestnuts,' 8@12%c: Walnuts. No 1
softshell, 9%c;.N0..2, 7^c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14 for papershell, 10@llc
lor ¦; sof tshell • and s@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c-
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuta
$3 80@5. : .-. - ... .' . ¦ ¦
„ HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright . and 10®
l%c for light amber; ; water white extracted,
s@6c; light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb. -
Provisions.
Hams. Bacon and Lard were reduced %c all
around yesterday, as announced in Sunday's
Call. The market Is weak at the decline, with
•little business, though Chicago continued to
advance slowly.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cflred Hams, 13c; California
Hams. 12% c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mrss $12; Family, $12 SC; prime Mess Pork,
Sls; extra clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef,
14c ncr lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 10% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, lufcc; 10-lb tins ll%e; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins 11V.C.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c; thre
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9T4c; two tierces.
9%c: five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. llQ>ll%c; medium. 10©10%o; light, &%c.
Cow Hides. 10c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags, 7Q7%c; Salted Kip. 9%®10c; S.ilied Veal.
10c; Salted Calf. 10V>c; Dry Hides, ltif«l6%e.
Culls, He; Dry Kip, 14<gli.c; Dry Calf, l»<i}il!k:;
Culls and Brands. 15<asi>>c; sheepskins, sheai
linjjs, 15<g30c each; short Wool, 40@60c each; me
dium, 50@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse
Hidts, talt. J2 50(^2 75 for large and J2&2 25 for
medium. Jl 75 for small and SOc for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $s»2s@l 50 for
medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skina, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime , Ancoras, 75c; large and
smooth. SOc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered, 5®
5%c per lb: No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley fine, 13<#
13c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c: do, faie to good, 9®
lie: Nevada, 10® 12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%@BV>c: San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c: North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective. B@9c,
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9@loc for fair and ll®l3c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change. Hogs continue
plentiful and weak, and the other descriptions
are in ample supply.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®6%c for Steers and 6@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7gßc; small. S@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%©7 c; Ewes. 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
under 150 lbs, s'/4@5%c; sows. 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off, and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7%<gS%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ra««, 7e: local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Bc: Fruit Bag 3. s\@
«%c for cotton and 737% c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, So 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
"Wallsend, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in
bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand.
OlLS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
74c; raw. 72c: cases, 5c more: Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for ra.w In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, Ssc; cases. 90c;
China Nut, 55<@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 4Cg;4sc per gallon:
Fish Oil, barrels. 37% c; cases, 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 63% c for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13% c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star,
20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene. 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lie: in
cases, 21% c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in casea.
26% c.
TURPENTINE— SB%c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90 c; Pow
dered, 4.75 c: Candy Granulated, 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65 c: Confectioners' A. 4.<!."c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65 c; Beet Granulated, (100-lb bag 3
only). 4.45 c; Magnolia A, 4.25 c: Extra C. 4.15 c:
Golden C. 4.05 c; D, 3.35 c; barrels, 10c more:
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels cr its equivalent. Dominoa, half
barrels, 5.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER 11.
Flour, qr sks 19.040 Hay. tons 907
Wheat, ctls 15.540 Straw, tons 33
Barley, ctls 113, 142 .W001, sks 112
Oats, ctls 785 Leather, rolls ... 134
Corn, ctls 630 Quicksilver, risk. 1
Tallow, ctls 209 'Wine, gals 44.PC0
Sugar, ctls 24. ."00; Brandy, gals Z,son
Beans, sks 9.243 Hides. No 215
Potatoes, sks 6,395 Pelts, bdls : io«
Onions, sks IS Lime, Dbls IS2
Bran, sks 640
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 14.275 Onions, sks 355
Wheat, ctls 1,520 Bran, sks 5,359
Oats, ctls 1,040 Shorts, sks 1,250
Potatoes, sks ... 248
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 11.550
STOCK MARKET.
The publication of a project by a new com
pany to supply the cities east and south of
the bay with water had a depressing effect on
Contra Costa Water and on the morning ses
sion the stock broke from $78 to $72, with more
or less pressure to sell. This was the leading
feature of the session. Alaska Packers' con
tinued to advance, touching $152. Spring Val
ley Water was also firmer at $89 75@90. There
were no other changes worthy of ~note The
oil stocks continued quiet and featureless.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
firmer at $72<5>75. while Giant Powder was
weaker at $S2 50@S2.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday
Giant Powder. 75c, or $13,000; California Wine
60c, or $26,023 20.
Alaska Packers will pay a dividend of 75c
and Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm, one of 5c to
day; California Street Cable one of 50c on the
13th: Contra Costa Water. 42c on the 15th- Port
Costa Water, 30c on the 15th; Oakland' Gas
25c on the loth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Nov. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up..112%113 Us qr cp (new). 139 1333;
4s quar reg — 112%113 >3s quar c0up.,108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C 05.107 — Oceanic S3 Eg. — —
Cal-st 5s 117% — Omnibus C 65.129U. —
C C Water 55.111%112% Pac G Imp 4s. 95 —
Ed L& P 65.. — — |Pk &C H 65.. — 113%
Fer &Cl H 6s. - 122 !Pk & O R 65.. 121 —
Geary-st u5.... — 100 I Powll-st R 6s. 118% —
H C & S 3%5. — • — Sac EG R ss. 94%100
'Do 5s :. 99% — SF & SJV 58.123 —
Los Ang R 11714 — Sierra Cal 65.. — —
L A Light 63.101V4 — SP of Aria 6a
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 55.. 102 103 (1910) 11414 _
LA & P 55...102V4 — S Pof Cal 6s
Do I c m 55. 101 103 (1905). Ser A.107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%125*. (1905), Ser B 108*6 —
Do 1 c m 122% — (1908) nou _
N R of Cal 65.112%113 (1912) . iio«£ _
. Do 5s 121%122',4 S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 55. 107 107% c gntd 55... 109 _
Nor Cal R 55.. 112% — SPBr Cal 6s 134% —
Oak Gas 05.... 112 — S V Water 6s. — 112
Oak Trans 65.. 124?£125% j Lo 4s 103 _
• Do Ist c 55.. 111*4112'; 'Do 4s. 3d m..102%103i£
Oak Wat g ss. 104 — I Stktn Gas 65.. — 103'!
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76%' Port Costa ... «3% es
Mar In County. 58 — [Spring Valley. — 90%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. -
Cent L & P... 2% 3% Pacific Light 41 — '
Equitable ..... 3% — Sacramento.. •>.- _
Mutual 4»4 5U SF G & E... 44 __
Oakland ....... — 51% San Francisco 5 _
Pac Gas Imp. 40% 42 I Stktn G & E.. 8 —
. INSURANCE."
Firem's Fund. 240 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79 LP & A... 160 170
California ....406 408 iMer Ex (Mo) is «i-
Cal Safe Dep..l<W» - S F National 130 " _ 4
First National.3l6 — I " 1 *
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — |Say ft Loan — an
Humboldt ..... — — , Security Sav.""2Ss 350
Mutual Savr.. 65 ;.—;¦; i Union Trust.. -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....132% — iO S L & H 40 '_
Geary .-. — 50 Presidio ... '" 32*4
Market S3 88 .1. 1 1" * *"'» ~
i', POWDER. *
Giant ...' 82 — ) Vigorit 4* 5
,' SUGAR.
liana ..— 5 Kilauea .. 11st i»
Hawaiian 3214 — Makawell " " % 28
Honokaa 13% 13% Onomea »4 «
Hutchinson ... 15% 16 Paauhau .'.'...'. 131; '{]
. . MISCELLANEOUS. *"
Alaska Pack.. 150 154 Oceanic SCo — 47
Cal Fruit Asn. - 100 ac Aux FA* M
Cal Wine Asn. 89 - . p ac C Borax 165 Z
Mer 'Exchn - Par Paint is —
AUCTION SALES
I — : — —^—~~ ~~^~ ~-
£p, fc> £?5
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
TWENTY-TWO
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS.
Property of Charles Kerr, Bakersfleld. Cal..
consisting of progeny of Imp. Reggie. Herald.
Lew Wier and Rio Bravo, out of the dams of
Tyrona, Kitty Kelly. Free Pass, Coupon, Ada
N Lena, Antrim. Viking. Misty Morn, etc
Sale Takes Place
THIS DAY v.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1901
At 7:43 p. . m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St., near Third.
Catalogues Ready. . WJt, G. LAYNG.
Stock Now at Yard. Auctioneer.
P. S.— On or about December. 10. 1901. Mr.
Kerr will sell at auction all his splendidly bred
brood mares. Watch this column for further
particulars.
feTO FORECLOSE LIEN £3
AGAINST D. McCarthy.
AT auction.
Thirty head horses; trotters, roadsters. Hun-
garian* and some polo ponies.
THURSDAY, at 10 a. m.
Mascot Livery Stables, 1106-1108 Golden Gate
avenue. By order W. W. CHASE CO.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
5^ AUCTION SALb
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327 Sixth St..
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 13. at 11 a. m.. I will
sell 30 Head of Horses and Mares.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer.
£?> £?&
On TUESDAY. Nov. 1?. at 1140 FOLSOM ST..
at 11 '' a m., I will sell a large assortment of
Horses Wagons. Surreys. Buggies. Carts, Har-
ness and Saddles. Sale every Tuesday.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 152 00
25 Cal Wine Association 89 2Z
10 Contra Costa Water
100 Kilauea S P Co H 30
SCOO S F & S J V bonds 123 I-' 1 *
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1909) I
5 Spring Valley Water, cash WTO
20 Spring Valley Water, b 10 90 •*
15 Spring Valley Water .??2
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103.
$3000 Spring Valley 4* (3d mtge) 102 75
Street—
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 3s 10< 00
$25,000 Stockton Gaa 4 Electric bonds.... 102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
23 Cal Wine Association S3 00
45 Centra Costa Water 72 00
10 Contra Costa Water 74 00
30 Contra Costa Water
10 Giant Powder Con
20 Giant Powder Con
$3000 N P C R R 5s W7 25
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6a 123 00
5 Paauhau S P Co 13 50
50 S F Gas A Electric Co 44 00
23 S F Gas & Electric Co
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
Street —
$4000 3 P of Arizona (1909) 113 50
25 Vigorit 4 S7^»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
3 Hanford 101 00
1 Hanford lOi 08
2000 Junction, s 80 28
100 Monarch of Arizona 22
li) 0 Monte Cristo , 166
200 Sterling 125
Street—
50 Monte Cristo 170
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Apollo 20
1000 Bay City
1 Hanford 102 00
1 Hanford 103 '¥>
200 Home 3 40
500 Junction 27
100 Sterling 1 25
MINING STOCK 3.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 19 300 Mexican 19
300 Best 8c Belcher 2»> 100 Ophir «0
150 Con Cal & Va. 1 65 1200 Overman 07
400 Gould St Curry 12 200 Yellow Jacket. 14
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher H 7W Mexican 18
206 Chollar 06 100 Ophir 7»
500 Con Cal & Va. 1 65 14C0 Overman 07
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morn', ig Session.
200 Best & Belcher 20 i 300 Ophir SI
3700 Best & Belcher 19! 400 Ophir
200 Con Cal * V.I 67% 1 400 Ophir 7»
300 Gould & Curry 11, 200 Ophir 78
1600 Mexican 20 300 Overman 06
100 Mexican 19 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 18 1 300 Mexican IS
200 Best & Belcher 17: 200 Ophir 7S
SCO Chollar 06 1 200 Overman Of
200 Chollar 05 i 1100 Savage 07
800 Con Cal & Va. 1 >» I 900 Sierra Nevada. 13
500 Con Cal & Va. 1 60!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Nov. 11—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 01 03 Kentuck — 08
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 17 IS
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental 04 >i.>
Bullion 01 04 Ophir 78 77
Caledonia 25 26 Overman 06 07
Challenge 16 18 Potosi 06 06
Chollar 05 OS Savage ot 07
Confidence 72 74 Scorpion (H
Con Cal & Va. 1 60 1 63 Seg Belcher . . .
Con Imp 01 — Sierra Nevada. 10 Lt
Con New York. 01 —.Silver Hill .... 31 32
Crown Point ..03 04 St Louis ... 03 —
Eureka Con ... 14 —Standard —40
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 08 —
Gould & Curry 10 11, Union Con .... 11 12
Hale & Norcrs 17 19 Utah 01 "3
Julia — OlYellow Jacket.
BEAIi ESTATE TBAJiTSACTIONS.
Thomas W. and Catherine A. Rivers to Brid
get M. McCarthy (widow), lot on S line of
Sutter street. 87:8 E of Scott. E 25 by 3 137-6
$3500.
Hannah McLaughlin (widow) to Matthew J.
Mclaughlin, lot on W line of Boyce street 587
N of Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by W 120: also
lots 31 and 32, block 45, City Land Homestead
Association; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Pierre
Blspaud. lot on W line of Steiner street. 258 -8
fho^iui'lotV.UO? by W ** Marlon Tract
(hospital lot); $10.
Amelia Dorland (widow) and Leonore A. Souc
(wife of L A.) to Jessie A. Hauser (wife of
F.). lot on E line of Church street 168 N of
Eighteenth. N 27 by E 83; $10 " v " * los *!
Morris t Morris. Fltel Phillips and Julius
Funkensteln (as surviving trustees) to Congre
gation Sherith Israel, lot on SW corner of
Eagle (Nineteenth) and Dolores streets. 3 to
Napa (Twentieth). W to Church. N to Eagle.
E to beginning, quitclaim deed; $1.
Joseph P. Doian to Henry McCarthy, lot on
25 hy W°l23*|lO 91 "*' m" ° £ TweaUeta - «
t Ge man Savings and Loan Society to Edgar
m^ V # 8 V lot S?. S llne of Twenty-third street.
127 E of Noe, E 25 by 3 114; $10.
Hiram iB. and Nancy G. Cook to Angelo L.
and Adolph Brlzzolara, lot on E line of Wet
£, Cl £ place (street). 37:6 3of Washington. BSO
oy xl ob; $19.
Anna D. Cobb to David Cobb. lot on S line
i ??„"""¦ 42:6 W of Mason. W 20. 5 87:6.
E «2:«, N o. W 42:6. N 82:6; gift
_ Thomas P. Foley to John Dougherty, lot on
-a o°-, nn * r £? Francisco and Jones streets. E
t?'rJ^ HiS, W « 19 - s 60. Wto E line of Jones
Bt ">et. N 112:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Edward Lundqulst to Carrie B.Wirta (widow),
lot on the S line of Geary street 112:9 W of
Leaven worth, W 24:9 by S 137:6: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
?™" # E \ Kelly (owner) with H. Tessmer (con
tractor), architect M. J. Welch— Alterations and
additions except mantels to a two-story frame
building on lot on S line of Folsom street. 4:2
W of Eighth. W 22:8 by S 90:6: $1150.
The Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (corporation sole) (owner), with J. J.
O Connor (contractor), architects Shea & Shea-
Brick work, concrete and chimneys for a two
story frame residence with basement and brick
foundations on lot on SW line of Florida and
Twenty-fourth streets. 8 104 by W 30; $1350
Same owner with James VV Smith (con
tractor), architects same— Carpentry mill work,
glazing, tinning, ventilation cast iron out
side ornamental plaster, stairs, hardware' etc.
for same on same: $8845. '.;».-..,'
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contract
ors), architect Plumbing and gasflttlng
for same on same: $1381.-
Henry A. Arnold (owner) with M B Ritchie
(contractor), architects Cunningham & Politeo—
Carpenter, galvanized Iron work and tinning
for alterations to three two-story frame #nitld -
legs (6 flats), on lot on S line of Frederick
street.; 157:6 W of Stanyan, XV 50 by 9 137:6;
Same owner with L. E. Shaw and E A
Buck (contractors), architect* same-Patntln*'
staining, varnishing, papering and tinting for
same on same; $1352 50.
Same owner . with Eastman Bros, (contract
°"i- architects same-Gas piping, -plumbln*
cr S e - «U« «* -wirta. forPOUCHING PLAY
AT CALIFORNIA
Alcazar Stock Company
Is Showing Great
Merit.
Orpheum and Central Bills
Are of Most Taking
Character.
"Shore Acres," that representation of
Kevr England country life which made
James A. Herne famous, is drawing large
houses at the California, Though Hern.'
himself is not Nathaniel Berry, the part
is well played ny James T. Galloway, and
his work receives frequent and well-de
etyed applause. The alternate pathetic
and humorous features of rural life are
well portrayed, and the audience easily
I enters into the spirit of it all. Marion
l «.u!len. the heroine, has the genuine ac
. ent and manner of the country girl. Al
len Crolius as young Nat Berry is par
lioularly amusing. Charles Fisher ana
\ (yiea Brj-*n are also very clever and
Induce much hearty laughter.
Alcazar,
The military drama "For Fair Virginia"
cs played at the Alcazar last night as
t-urcs the patrons of that theater of at
least one week of clever acting. it is one
Of the prettiest things ever seen at the
Alcazar. It Is a relation of a story of
husband and wife divided in opinion—
husbar.d lor the blue, the wife for ths
tray. lx>>alty to the cause of the South
uiinds the wire to the depth of her hus
band s love, and when he dons the blue
and rights for the Union estrangement fol
lows. The play is replete with thrilling
scenes, which are very cleverly enacted
mr those in the cast. M. 11. L. Alsop's
Kdward :no:id is a clever piece of work
and th<» Stephen Dunbar of Henry Shu
ir.ar won applause. Marion Convere as
the wile of Edward Esmond made a hit,
and th« Nell Esmond presented by Mar
garet Wycherly won the audience. Little
Ollie Cooper is a talented lad and was
called fore the curtain for his clever
acting at the close of the first act. Th-:
piece should draw crowded houses dur
ing the length of Its run.
Columbia.
h Cornell Le Moj ne and her com
at the Columbia gave a very ef
f - performance las! evening of "The
larlborough." Apart
tical interest that attaches
Id pages, in which it is
clever and daring Duch
:he mind cf the feeb!
¦ere is a present interest
ihe phases of intrigue to
wright las given rise. Le
. the ideal Duchess In all
•s. The part of the
U by Harold Russell.
and Nora O"jprten
- Hariey and Masham. re-
The irock was good al;
The play will run every nighl
Saturday matinee.
Tivoli. •
Pollard's Australian Juvenile Company
commenced its second week at the Tivoii
Opera-house last night in "The Belle of
New York." The house was crowded and
ihe applause was enthusiastic. These ex
ceedingly bright and clever juveniles have
caught the public favor, and they richly
deserve it. The encores last night wera
numerous and were responded to with
evident pleasure. The Pollards—
Jack, Fred, Daphne and Alice — and little
Madge Woodson, Lily Thomson and Irene
Loftus are really splendid in their re
spectiv:- parts. Next week "The Gaiety
Girl" v.ill be the attraction.
Orpheum.
The bill at ihe Orpheum this week L=
an excellent one and full of interesting
and amusing features. Lillian Burkhar:
ia her captivating little playlet "The
Eighth Year" 5s still a favorite. Fred
Niblo, the monologist, kept the audience
ir. parpxysms O f laughter and received
the heartiest kind of applause. Mile.
Onilow executed me remarkable feat.;
in equilibrium and is well worth seeing.
Joseph Adelm^n, with his new chime CM -
jran, is another attractive leature. Bur
ton has some aping and trick dogs, the
equals of which have seldom been seen in
Ban Francisco. "'The Girl With the Au
burn Hair" and the calcium transforma
tion effects which belong to this part Oi
the pre gramme make a novel and inter
esting feature, which cannot but be ap
preciated by every one.
Central.
"Lights o' London" was presented last
right at Belasoo & Thall's Central Thea
ter to a large and enthusiastic audience
Whlbh appeared to joy the many thrills
cffcrded by the powerful melodrama. Tr?
c!d, familiar play was presented with ail
the detail that 'usually characterizes a
production of this kind. The famous
lvondon bridge v.as faithfully reproduced.
and so was the water, as the appearance
of Hallett Thompson after his leap indi
rated. Mr. Thompson is rapidly becom
ing a strong favorite, and he is' the beet
leading man yet introduced at the Cen
tral. The balance of a long cast sus
tained their roles in acordance with the
time-honored traditions of melodrama.
and conseciuentiy the gallery gods were
happy. The play should do a good week's
business. "Sib-iris ." a Russian drama, is
sr.nounccd to follow.
Happiness comes to us by degrees. "We
have to bite through the bread before we
reach the chicken 4n the sandwich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Why is Pears' Soap — the
best in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it —
sold for 15 cents a cake?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
I that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity: quan-
tity comes of quality.
Sold all over the world.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOHYi
A £7} ::::mzsi:r.te:.cii:7a.,s.r.::!. (
\ C(f The Lareeit Anatomic*! Mur cum in the
p iJL _ World. Weaknesses or tr.y contracted 1
' I F|Hfe *•¦'«•<¦ pinilix-lrrarr.4 i,y the oldest '
O i^i tf» I bpccii .s: on the Coast. I-.-t a* years. C,
0 tfS3P« OR. JORDAN -DISEASES CF MEN L
m\ Wl Consultation free anil stii'-tly private. \
m I Cv| Troaunent personally nr by letter. A J
_^ I flr CT H Potitive Cure in every case undertaken. X
4ltll !!#? «'rii» f.>f H'xik. rCILOMH'RYof /
\f •j! ||~ n»ititr «.«-•¦-. KAIUO free. < A\f
V DRiURDIIS *«-O..105: MartrJSt .P. F. 9
FIVE YOUNG LADIES FROM ACROSS THE BAY
ARE TO SING MINOR PARTS IN GRAND OPERA
Miss Anne Louise Daniells, Miss Belle McCurrie, Miss Mamie Fritschie, Miss Emily Collisschon and
Miss Dorothy Mohns, Who Have* Shown Rare Talent in Amateur Entertainments, Have Been
Chosen From Among Many Vocalists Because of Their Fine Talent to Aid Grau Performances
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— There are five
young ladies from this side of the
bay who have been chosen to sing
•with the Grau grand opera com
pany at the Grand Opera-house
during the present engagement. This is
no empty honor, for there are many young
ladies on both sides of San Francisco Bay
who are possessors of good voices, but
not all the possessors of good voices have
been chosen to sing with the great stars
of the operatic world.
When it was decided to supply some
of the minor parts for the grand opera
season from among local singers there
was a great effort upon the part of many
to secure permission to appear. It was
recognized that such an appearance would
not only be a recommendation but a lib
eral education as well, and many there
were who were desirous of the permission
to appear. It fell to the lot of only five
young ladles from this side of San Fran
cisco Bay to appear during the season
and all of these young ladies were chosen
because of the reputations that they have
made in local dramatic music. The honor
in every case was conferred entirely be
cause of merit.
Those who have been chosen are Miss
Annie -Louise Danielle. Miss Belle Mc-
Ourrie. Miss Mamie Fritschle, Miss Emily
Collisschon and Miss Dorothy Mohns.
Miss Daniells has been given a most
superb musical education and was offered
c position with the Bostonians, but de
clined; Miss McCurrle has shown her abil
ity in organizing several amateur operatic
performances for charity in Alameda.
Miss Fritschie. Miss Collisschon and Miss
Mohns have taken part in several concerts
3rd amateur musical affairs. None of the
young ladies have appeared upon the pro
! Sessional sta^fc.
DEATH SCOURGES
ALASKAN TRIBES
Disease Continues Its
Awful "Work Among
the Natives.
TORT TOWNSEXD. Wash.. Nov. 11.—
Dunlap Moore, assistant surgeon of the
United States Quarantine Service, who
has been stationed in Kom» during the
pasi season, arrived here to-day and con
firms the report that the natives of West
ern Alaska are rapidly being extermin
ated by disease. He says that at lea.st
one-third of the native population at
Cape Prince of Wales. Nome. Port Clar
ence, St. Michael, Kuskokwim. Unalaska,
Pribyloff Islands. Nunivak Island and St.
Lawrence Island and those along the Yu
kon River have suffered from the effects
of an epidemic which at first w,as be
lieved to be smallpox, but upon .investi
gation proved to be measles. The epi
demic of measles, which caused so many
deaths among the natives, originated at
Holy Cross, In Northeastern Siberia, and
from that point It was carried to places
visited by whalers, and the whalers car
ried the disease to the coast of Alaska.
Dr. Moore reports the condition of the
natives as being mon pitiable. In many
entire families of small children
have been left destitute, the mothers and
fathers having perished. In some parts
of Alaska missionaries have established
orphan asylums and are looking after the
orphans, but the ravages of the disease
extend over .such a large area that it in
impossible lo gather up the large num
ber of motherless and fatherless children.
Fischer's Concert House.
At Fischer s Concert House last night
the large audience applauded Floria. a
Spanish dancer, who later reappeared in
poses plastique; Carl and Boyle, triple
horizontal bar performers; Eleanora Jen
kins, the operatic soprano; Swor and
Hathaway, singers and dancers; Sid Bax
ter, an aerial juggler, and William Black,
a musical artist of repute. Bushlaush,
an Arabian acrobat, did some surprising
feats, and Hinrichs' orchestra was up to
its usual excellent standard.
» ? «
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Licr-n?es to marr/
were issued to-day to Edward H. Fran
i ip. aged over 21, and Annie Fannon, 21,
both of Oakland; Paul L. Isaac. 29, and
i.Mher L. Reed, 23, both of Tesla; Custa
ciio Mcndonca. 23. and Angelina Quinta',
U both of Hay wards; Henry Zirker. 24.
and Clarice Morton, 21, both of San Fran
i^<o; George B. Alberga. 57. San Fran
cisco, and Mm Georgia Taylor, 43, Fruit
vale; Edward Gallagher, 25. and Emma
Ohorbacker. 20. both of Oakland; David
I. Pinkertcn. 21. and Anna E. Wood, 21,
both of Oakland.
Assassinated by Kurds.
• -OXSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 12.— The
Governor of Erzeroum. while traveling to
ward Mu?h. V.us jissaulled by a band of
Kurds and stripped of everything.
Chinese Rescue the Sun.
PEKING. Nov. 11.— In conformity with
a notice which the Foreign Office sent to
the legations, all the Chinese officials in
the capital gathered to-day at the Board
of Rites, to "rescue the sun," which was
tuilfering from a partial eclipse. The res
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMISEK TJ, l»Oi;
FIVE WELL KNOWN, TALENTED AND EXTREMELY POPULAR YOUNG LADIES OF OAKLAND WHO HAVE
BEEN ENGAGED TO SING WITH THE GRAU COMPANY DURING THE PRESENT GRAND OPERA SEA
SON IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Miss McCurrie, Miss Mohns and Miss
Fritßchie will sing in "The Meistersing-'
er." while all of the young ladies will
take part in "Tannhauser" and other
operas of the season.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. P. Heverin have an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter, Miss Annie Evangeline Heverin.
to Robert Edward Maddern. The
young people are well known on this side
of the bay. especially in musical circles.
Mise Heverin is a graduate, with th«
Cl&aa of '97, of St. Francis de Sales School
and is an accomplished musician. The
cue was accomplished by prostration?, the
burning of incense and the beating of
drums. A few foreigners, for the first
time in history, were permitted to wit
ness the ceremony.
RESULTS OF THE RACES
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS
Speedy Horses Come in First Under
the Wire and Win Purses for
Their Owners.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 11.— Latonia summary:
First race, one mile— King's Pet won, Hand
D second, Frank McConnell third. Time,
1:43 Vz.
Second race, five furlongs— Ada S G won,
Lady Brockway second, Lulu Flight third.
Time. 1:02.
Third race, one mile and an eighth—Water
hous-e won. Zazel second, Dal Keith third.
Time, 1:57»_-
Fourth race, six furlongs— won.
Queen Quality- second, Ida Penzance third.
Time. l:lo*_.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Slppon
won. Boaster second, Martin Burke third.
Time. l:0S%.
Sixth race, one mile— Maple won, Ethel Da
vis second, Jena third. Time, 1:42>4.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 11— Dougjas Park
results : ....-_¦
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs—
Rice won. Miss Guido second, Jim Gore third.
Second' race, six furlongs-Irresistible won,
Floreni second. Tout third. Time. 1:1**1,
Third race, six and a half furlongs—
wells, won, Jake Webber second, Kindred
third. Time, 1:19. .
Fourth race, one mile— Salve won, Advo
cator second. Guide Rock 'third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Prima
I won, Lady of the West second, Dominis
third. Time, 1:48',i. , ¦ • '.'
CHICAGO, Nov. Lakeside results:
First race, five and a half furlongs—
cimer won. Fade Meny second. Pyrrho third.
Time, 1:08 4-5. ' _ , '
Second race, five furlongs — Little Jack Hor
r.er won. Jloneymuss second. Burnie Bunton
third. Time, 1:00 3-5.
Third race, one and a half miles— Azim wen,
Uncle Tom second, Admetus third. Time,
2:38 4-5.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy .yards—
Orontas won, Penman .Thompson second, Tel
tmon third. Time. 1:46 2-5. . ' ' ;
Fifth race, six furlongs— lnspector Shea won.
Golden Glitter second. Hoodwink third. • Time,
1:15 3-:..
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth—Fan
tasy won. Farmer Bennett second, Reseda
third. Time, 1:49 2-5. \
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Results at Ben
nlngs:
First, race, six furlongs— . Puritan won.
Sister Juliet second. Extinguisher third.
Time. 1:14 4-5.
Second race, five furlongs— Happy won, Hot
second. Flying Buttress third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, about two -and a half, miles—
Boisterous won. Baby Bill second. Cheese
mite third. Time, 5:16. • ..' , , ¦.
Fourth race, Grand handicap, seven fur
longs—The Amazon won, Unmasked second.
Oh No third. Time, 1:28 2-6. . -.
Fifth race,, six ; furlongs— Fonslluca v/on,
Hans Wagner second, Lady Godiva third,
Time. 1:15 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth—Cher
ished won. Death second, Curtsey third.
Time, I:c2. ' • .
Pyrography Outfits.
We have fitted up a small exhibit of
burnt wood and leather, which all are in
vited to see. Wood and skins for burning
and pyrography machines for the million.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 11,
Stmr Westpcrt, ErJcsen. 22 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Ship Invincible. . McKenzie, 72 days from
Newcastle, NSW. ... -.
Br ship Anglesey, Lewis, 13« days from
Swansea. . . r-
Gm ship Emllle. Daehn. 69 ; days from Val
paraiso, arrived off port, ordered to proceed to
Portland. . ' \.,
DOMESTIC PORTS. :
COOS BAT— Sailed Nov 11— Schr Chas Han
sen, for San Francisco. . , . _. J ¦ ¦
grcom-to-be is a son of the late Henry
Maddern ar.d a cousin of the noted act
ress, Minnie Maddern Fiske. He has 3
pleasing barytone voice and was for sev
1 ra! years Identified with the choir of
St. Paul's Church, ar.d also with that of
Christ Church in Alameda. The wedding
will be a quiet home affair, on account
of the groom's recent bereavement, and
will take place on Novpmber 27. The Rev.
Th( mar. MeSv.eeney will officiate.
After the honeymoon the young people
will return to their own home, which is
now rapidly being completed, just oppo
site the bride's present home on Twenty
first street.
CANALS EXEMPT
FROM TAXATION
Supreme Court Decision
Won by Reclama
tion Districts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 11.— The Supreme
Court, which opened its November term
in this city to-day, handed down a deci
sion this afternoon of great moment to
the many reclamation districts in this
State. It is to the effect that the prop
erty of the reclamation districts is ex
empt from taxation by counties.
The original action was brought by
Reclamation District 551 against the
county of Sacramento to recover money
paid under protest for taxes levied and
assessed by the county upon the property
of the district. It was the contention of
the county that the constitution exempted
from taxation only public schools and
property of the Federal, State, municipal
and county governments; that the prop
erty of reclamation districts was none of
these, and therefore should be taxed
The Supreme Court, however, declares
that the whole scheme of reclamation
originated with the State and is encour
aged in furtherance of public policy The
court observes that the trustees have no
money which they can apply to pay
county and State taxes levied and as
sessed upon the works of the district, and
they have no power to levy assessments
to raise money for any such purpose To
allow the county to assess the canals,
ditches, drains, embankments, pumping
plants, etc., for general taxation purposes
Bay* the court, might lead to the aban
donment of an important undertaking of
the State.
The most valuable fruit land in Sacra
mento County is contained in the down
river reclamation districts.
Decides Against Railway Company.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 11.— The Supreme
Court in bank has reversed the order of
the Superior Court of Alameda County
granting the defendant a new trial in the
case of J. W. Slemsen against the Oak
land, San Leandro and Hayward Railroad
Company. The company alleged miscon
duct on the part of a juror, who is al
leged to havo examined the track during
the trial. The Supreme Court says it ia
not material and the company is not en
titled to a new trial.
Victims of Mining Accident.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.-Three persons have
been killed and twenty-five others injured
in a mining accident at St. Assurt, Prus
sia. Thirteen are still entombed.
Fuel Oil Gives Satisfaction.
VALLEJO. Nov. 11.— The use of oil for
fuel at the navy yard electric light sta
tion is proving a great success. The oil
comes from Bakersfleld.
Sir Franklin Lushington.
LONDON. Nov. 11.— The death is an
nounced of Sir Franklin Lushington,
Chief Police Magistrate for London. He
was born in 1843.
Big Deal in Dawson Claims.
SEATTLE, New 11.— Colonel William A.
Oliphant, representing an Indiana syndi
cate, to-day consummated one of the
The King's Daughters will be at home
to their friends next Thursday evening
in the parlors of the First Presbyterian
Church. There will be a short musical
programme and refreshments will bp
served. Two "missionary boxes," which
are annually sent by the King's Daugh
ters to the Hoopa Indians at Hoopa. in
tills State, and to the Nez Perces Indiana
in Lapwai, Idaho, will also be on display.
The reception committee is composed of
the Home Mission chairmen— Mrs. E. E.
Baker, Miss Augusta Klose and Miss
Edna Gray. They will be assisted by
other officers of the society. Mrs. Carrie
Brcwri Dexter and Mrs. Alexander Young
largest mining c^eals in the history of tin
Klondike, purchasing 214 Gold Hill claims
for a consideration of $750,000. The sum
Includes a cash payment of $300,000, the re
mainder in stock of the company. Certain
Government property, including the land
on which the Dawson postoffice is located,
is embraced in the sale.
Prince Christian Very HI.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 11.— Prince Chris
tian, eldest aon of the Crown Prince of
Denmark, is Severely ill with scarlet
fever.
New Constitution Ratified.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Nov. 11.— Returns
from forty counties in Alabama indicate
that the new constitution will be ratified
by 27,000 majority.
Colonel John W. French.
ATLANTA, Ga.,' Nov. 11.— Colonel John
W. French, commanding officer at Fort
McPherson barracks, died there to-night,
aged 58 years. Colonel French was a vet
eran of the civil war. the Spanish-Amer
ican war and the war in the Philippines,
having served with the Twenty-second
and Twenty-third Regiments of the
United States regulars respectively in the
last two wars.
"PANTS" THIET VISITS
HOMES IN BERKELEY
Inadequate Police Force in College
Town Fills Citizens With Ap
prehension.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— A burglar whose
actions tally closely to those of the
"pants" thief who has been operating in
San Francisco entered two residences in
this city last night and from one obtained
$40 in cash. Nothing was secured from
the other place. These burglaries make
four which have been done on recent
dates evidently by the same person.
Minor thefts have been numerous.
The authorities fear a series of crimes
this winter, as the town force of peace
officers is inadequate. A Marshal and two
deputies only are allowed by the city
government, and as these men are on
duty during the day a night patrol is im
possible except in special oases. The busi
ness and some residence districts have
night watchmen, but a large majority of
the wealthy homes are without police
protection whatever after dark.
W. D. Holcom's residence at 2523 Hille
gass avenue was entered by a burglar last
night. The thief made his way to the
room where Mr. Holcom was sleeping
and carried two pairs of his trousers out
of doors, securing $40 from the pockets of
one. The thief entered F. H. Huddart's
place, a few blocks south, and carried
two pairs of pants from rooms where
men were sleeping and took them to the
back porch, but found nothing of value
in the pockets. The garments were left.
A pants thief recently operated in San
Francisco in the same fashion, and before
that kept the police of San Jose busy.
PRINCETON'S OFFER
HELD IN ABEYANCE
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— No definite ac
tion was taken to-day by the executive
committee of the student body on Prince
ton's offer to play the California eleven or
a team composed of undergraduates and
alumni. The entire matter has been re
ferred to the football men for considera
tion and if they are willing to go into
training again the executive committee
will undoubtedly authorize the game. On
Wednesday the committee will meet again
and an answer will be sent to Princeton.
Although the offer of the New Jersey
university makes it allowable for alumni
to play the executive committee is op
posed to any but undergraduates com
peting. The members believe that the
men who defeated Stanford should go on
the field again as the representative Cali
fornia team.
Jr. will sing.
• • •
The Ebell luncheon will be more than
usually interesting to-morrow from the
fact that a distinguished English writer
and lecturer, Mrs. Alice Meynell. will be
a guest. Besides being a frequent con
tributor to the leading English magazines
Mrs. Meynell has written a number of
poems and sonnets.
An excellent musical programme has
been arranged for the afternoon by Mrs.
Hayward G. Thomas, chairman of the
music committee. The numbers are as
follows:
"Autumn Song" (Franz): "L'Eaclalre"
fLalo), by Miss Elsie Arden; accompanist Mrs.
W J. Batqhelder; violin solo, Richard Ferrer:
•'Hindoo Song" (Remberg) : '"The Milking
Pail," "Old English," "Loch Lomond." "My
Boy Jamie," by Edith Hanks, accompanist
Florence Hyde.
The decorating committee is composed
of the following:
Chairman. Mrs. W. H. Creed; Mrs. T. C.
Coogan, Mrs. C. C. Judson Mrs. R. F. Paulin,
Mrs. C. H. Holt.
* • •
ALAMEDA, Nov. 11.- -California Council
No. 24, Young Men's Institute, will give
a "hot air" smoker to-morrow evening
in Lafayette Hall. Unique invitations
have been sent out and a large attend
ance is expected from Oakland and San
Francisco. The committee having the af
fair in charge consists of J. Hans Schol
ten, Joseph Krieg and Walter W. Goggin.
On Monday, the 25th inst.. a "pound
party" will be given at the residence of
Mrs. Amos Mecartney, 1021 Union street,
from 3 to 5 and from 8 to 11 p. m. The
receipts from the affair will be utilized in
preparing a dinner to be given the local
deserving poor on Thanksgiving day.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Glas have moved to
San Francisco, where they will reside in
future.
JUMPS THROUGH
A CAR WINDOW
Pretty Senorita Escapes
to Meet a Soldier
Sweetheart.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
11S Broadway. Nov. 11.
That she might not be separated from
her soldier sweetheart, Eugenia Montejo.
a pretty girl of 17 years, jumped from a
car window of the Los Angeles express at
Sixteenth-street station last night, fled
with her waiting hero. Oscar Harland. a
veteran of the Spanish war, and eluded
pursuit until this morning, when the po
lice took the young lady and her lover
into custody.
The daring escape of the girl was the
result of an attempt on her mother's part
to prevent .her from keeping company
"GOLD DU&T."
|H " Let tho GOLD DUST twins do yarn* w^pkn^^^
&S Send for our FREE booklet, . Sf^fj~~^ "'**juh) id
\Z "Goldan Rule* (or Housework." S^S^SS^S^
|"~~9old dust I
|H makes tha doth«s white and clean without Injury to the fabric in any way. It does the work :19
¦ better than soap, requires only half the labor, and costs much less. Try it next wash day. fe--|
* I . Use it on the dishes, pans and woodwork and they will look like new. Housework is BH
Kg hard work without GOLD DUST. For greatest economy buy our lares packags. raS|
¦ THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago. St. Louis. New York. Boston. g|
EASTERN AGENTS
VISIT ORCHARDS
Redlands and Riverside
Entertain the Rail
way Men.
Travelers Arrive in Los An
geles After a Trip Full
of Interdst
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 11.— The special
train bearing the delegates to the twenty
ninth annual convention of the American
Association of Traveling Passenger
Agents arrived here this evening. There
were 260 delegates from all parts of the
United States, and they will reinforce the
large army of railroad men who had Al
ready arrived.
The Easterners report that they have
had a splendid time on their trip out to
toe coast. This morning they were enter
tained in Redhinds. Taity-ho coaches and
private conveyances were at the station
to meet them and they were driven
around the town. They were shown the
beautiful orange orchards, laden with
fruit, and at tne close of the drive were
entertained at luncheon.
In Riverside also they were taken for
a drive. H. T. Hays acted a* president
of the reception committee. After being
driven around Riverside the Eastern
railroad men could not fully express their
appreciation of California hospitality.
'ihe convention will open to-morrow
morning at 'J o'clock. Tne most impor
tant topics discussed at present are the
election of offfeers and tne selection or
the place for the next meeting. For pres
ident Thomas E. Fitzgeraid, traveling
passenger agent of the Texas and Pacific,
and John C. Blair of Boston, New Eng
land agent of the Illinois Central, art*
running a close race. Fitzgerald is very
popular with railroad men, and the great
work he has done in forming plans fov
the entertainment of his brother agents
on the coast gives him a shade the bet
ter of it in the contest for the important
position.
Sidney Van Dusen, who has been secre
tary and treasurer of the association for
the past two years, will resign. It is al
most certain that T. W. Tandman of De
troit, traveling passenger agent of the
Hocking Valley Railroad, will succeed
him.
Buffalo and Philadelphia both want the
convention next year. It Is a hard fight,
but at present looks as though it will go
to the latter city.
While the convention is being held to
morrow the ladies of the party will take
a ride on the Scenic Railway to Mount
Lowe.
Contests His Motner's Will.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Dissatisfied wita
a bequest of $7000, of which he was to re
ceive only the income, Charles Stenzel of
San Francisco has tiled a contest of the
will of Mrs. Emilie Stenzel of San Loren
zo, his deceased mother. The estate *
worth $44,000. The contestant's brothers.
Fritz and Henry, received the bulk of the
property. The will. th& contesting son
alleges, is unfair, and he also claims his
mother was of unsound mind when the
instrument was made.
War Declared Off.
A proclamation was posted in China
town last night declaring that the war
which has been in progress between th«
Wong and the Chin families has been de
clared off. The proclamation, however,
does not bear the stamp of either of tfr.a
warring factions, but it is signed by tae
Chinese Merchants' Association. The po
lice think that hostilities may be ru
opened.
BUM FOR VALUE OF oI.D BOND.— Jane
K. Meyers is suing Drury Melone for *100*.
xvlth Interest at the rate of 10 p«r cent per
annum, the value or a bond Issued Kf tha
city of Placervllle in 1868 to the PlacTTtlle
ar.d Sacramento Valley Railroad Company,
v.hlch she alleges Sielone obtained from her
to enable him 10 collect the value of a. num
t'er of like bonds, and whi^-h she alleges h«
converted to his own use.
with a former soldier, whom Miss Montejo
had known and admired since his return
from the Philippines. It was decided by
Mrs. Montejo that her daughter should be,
taken to the home of her grandmother at
Coallnga. Everything was carefully ar
ranged lest the ex-soldier should learn of
the proposed move. But the girl managed
to apprise her admirer, and he was on
hand in due time to assist in blocking tha
old folks" plans.
Last evening the grandmother and
mother called a carriage and left tha
Montejo residence, at Seventh and Mar
ket streets, for the depot. The oarty ar
rived at Sixteenth-street station just in
time to catch the train. Harland, hidden
away behind the station, saw his sweet
htart board the train under the watch
ful eyes of her guardians.
He despaired of seeing her again, when
suddenly, as the train was slowly leaving
the station, the girl raised the window at
her seat, plunged through and made her
escape. The train was stopped and the
mother and grandmother pursued, but not
until to-day was the couple's biding plac«
found.
Upon the showing that the runaway girl
was under legal age, Chief Hodgkins tooix
charge of the case. Harland was detained
at the City Prison, and Miss Montejo anu
her relatives had a long conference. Th>i
young woman insisted upon being per
mitted to wed her soldier lover, and h*
was only too delighted. After a few
hours' imprisonment Harland was freed,
and a wedding will shortly follow aa a
result of the girl's escapade of last night.
Harland has recently been employed by
the People' 3 Express Company.
The theatrical supe ought to have a
salt and pepper suit.
910
SsABT FRAXCISCO CALL. I
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco j
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets: open 1
eiiUl 12 o'clock every night in the year: !
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, |
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. j
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. j
«* McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
tii Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS4I Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
-~?61 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open .
vi til » t>. in.
H€ H!«?veniH etrcet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. |
KottllWcet corner Twenty-second and Ken- j
lucky streets; open until 5 p. m.
'ZXG FU'.mcre street : open until 9 p. m, j
MEETING XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. i, 11. A. M., ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVES- Jl^
ING. November. 12. et 7 :3t> o'clock. M. 7W*\
I Degree. By < :i!er of the H. P. '~^ ' <
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Loose No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _£fo-
DAY) EVENING, at .':3O o'clock. De- /U>\
gree One. By dei W. M. f~r * ¦
EDWIN L.. MEYER, Secretary, i
PACIFIC Lodge -No. 1"G. F. and A. M.. _>
11 Eddy et., meets THIS (TUESDAY) _jjf\_
EVENING 7:2" o'clock. Third Degree. IL~ '
GEORGE PEXI.INGTON. Sec. / »
ORIENTAL Lodge N"o. 141. F. and A. M. _
—First Denree THIS (TUESDAY) _\_ 1
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. jLiK
A. S. KL'BBAHD, Secretary. ./TV' 1
NOTICE to Stockholders of Honolulu Planta- 1
tion Company. — Notice is hereby given that in
pursuar.ee of a resolution of the Board of Di- '
rectorfc of the Honolulu Plantation Company.
duly adopted at 4l meeting of eaid board held
on the 22.1 day of October, A. D. 1801, a spe- i
cial meeting of the stockholders of the Hono- '
lulu Plartation Company will be held on !
THURSDAY, the 2Cth day of December, '
A. D. ISO. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. of j
that day. at the office of the corporation. No. \
527 Market street, in the City and County of ;
fan Francisco, State of California, the same ¦
being the principal place of business and the
efnee of said corporation and the building
where the Uoard of ¦ Directors usually meet. '¦
for the purpose of considering end acting '
upon a preposition to create a bonded indebt- |
edness cf said corporation to the amount of i
or.c mil!:cn two hundred and fifty thousand i
<$1.2,'.0.fC3) dollars, 0 the end and -for the 1
purpose of providlnff means and raising j
moneys to pay the existing Indebtedness of ,
raid corporation and the indebtedness incurred :
and to be incurred in the development of Its ,
properties and the construction and comple- j
tion cf its works and improvements, the pur- :
chase cf machinery and the acquisition of 1
Euch ether property as may be within the j
purposes and objects of said corporation.
H. W. THOMAS,
fpcretery cf Honolulu Plantation Company.
Dated San Francisco, October 22. 190 L
ANNUAL MEETING.— Notice Is hereby given j
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock- j
holders of the San Francisco Home Mutual '
Loan Association will be held at the office J
of the eorpc-atlon. 518 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November 13, j
IfOl. at 3:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of i
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre-
fciuaticn of the eleventh annual report and .
the transaction of such other business as may j
come ls<?fore the meeting. Books are now open
for Fubseriptlon to 1000 shares of stock of the j
tv.-c!:th scries. By order of the Board of Di- 1
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary. i
AGEXTS WASTED.
iZ TO $10 per day easily made selling our eel- !
ebrated perfection flavoring powders; no alco- i
hoi; no adulteration; pure, iresh and strong; '
agents v.-anted in every locality. LONG j
13U05., manufacturers. 3355 Howe St.. Oak- I
!and, Cal.
AGENTS— Best "Life of McKinley" & Christ-
r.i&m books; 75 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit giver.: valuable premium; 1
our agents get J2OO -in gold for Christmas.
H;;NRY NEIL. g.3 Dearborn ft., Chicago. 111. |
ASI'hAI.T! :«i ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt -roofing-, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. IXS6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
-_^^_^ j
ADVICE free, divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- !
lections ;atu>.chraents ;:nortgages; bills of sale ;
partnerships ;deeds;wills drawn ;fees low;open
rye THUKSTON. luOSi. Mkt.. r. 4, opp. sth. '
I
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick; i
quiet; no charge without success; collections. j
r.ills deeds, etc. prepared; charge low; estb
M years. Atty G. W. HOWE. S5O Market st. 1
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, £16 Market— Legal business of. all kinds :
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no chaise unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. fe. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange. ;
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
end for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
S»3 arkir. St.
T**"~""~* —————————— —»—————»————» -— —
UOARDIVG FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or \
three children; low terms. 16C7 California st. 1
-——-———--———-—»——»———-—«-——-———————_—.—. i
BOORS— SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 356. ]
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS c! every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES.
A— s2ooo; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent ti< : place doing a rushing and
liooa paying business; value in sight; partners
cant agree. H. G. WILKIE, 26 '_ Kearny st.
A— s3:«o; SALOON', with mercantile lunch; net
rent $00; ulace established for SO years; in
best jjart of the wholesale district; owner
never cleared legs than $400 per month. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26 1 . Kearny st.
A— ?1'j00; SALOON in wholesale district: kept
hy present owner for to years; clearing above
175 ter month; owner engaged in other en-
terprises. Cal! R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st. ;
A— COFFEE saloon and chob house on East
et.; price $1600; rent $90: water free; clearing
at least S3o(i mosth; finest chance in this
line. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above Stti per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R.
G. WII.KE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market 6t. : low rent; 5
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
titr day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the lait 5 months. Call R. G. WILKE. 26i_
Kearny st.
A— s3so: DE2-ICACY and pork store, with n
living me; rent $14; business established
yearF and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. C. WILKE. j__£ Kearny et.
53.",0— PARTNER wanted in good "business;
trade established; call and investigate; this
is a good chance. Room 14. !)35 Market st.
CANDY ar.d ice cream parlors: a rare bargain:
party leaving State; present receipts $150 per
n-.cnth. Call room 14. 535 Market st_
$*O— PARTNER wanted in good paying busi-
ness; satisfied with $16 or SlB a week: call
investigate. Room 14, MS Market st.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms: bears full
investigation. Call at 925 Market st., room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at S?5 Market St.. room 14.
A— CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands.
I hot.- have over 30 of tW b?st money-making
t-tar.ds in the city; prices from $100 to $1200:
. before buying it will certainly pay you to call
cr. C. L. HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
A— VERY profitable restaurant near foot Mar-
ket Ft. ; will bf>» sold at a ridiculously low
figure. Ask HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
A -MA R lON G RIFFIN~7I9~Market. nr. Call
bvildiJiie.
Ijpllcatossen ; in rice neighborhood ...$330
Candy store en Ellis Ft 350
Oigar stcrs; n. of Market: rent $25 375
ButchPr 5-hop: sales average $100 a day.
Home bakery; daily sales $20; rent $25 ... 700
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business
with me. I guarantee to sell. 021 Market.
NOTION store. $200 ard up; cigar stands for
rent, SI9. Third St.; grocery and bars; gro-
cery stores, saloons, bar and rooming-housa
Rnd lodrinc-houses. DECKER, 921 Market Ft.
WE have bargains In all kinds of business;
see us first. C2T Market St., room 208.
A—sosoo;A — $0500; OIL route: good money maker; bears
investigation. Apply 927 Market st., room 208.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der: f.na;i. MITCHELL & CQ,. 1206 Market.
.^MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to Fell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
cuickiy ; rd without publicity; money ad-
iVrx-ed. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO..
Rooms 3 .-rid 4. 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason.
FIRFT-CLASS candy factory in thriving inter-
ior town ; splendid investment. Box 18S4, Call.
FOR eaTe at a bargain— A splendid drug busi-
ness in a thriving San Joaquin Valley town;
— owner leaving country: $I»>00 cash, balance to
be secured. JACOB CLARK & CO., Fresno,
Car
$1500— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
. bar: pood bar trade; fine location. Apply 300
Hajes St. ' ¦--¦¦¦¦. ¦
«00C^SALOON on Market st; receipts $30 per
«3av full investigation solicit^; agents need
noi apply. Box IS2O, Call, office. ¦
i*OR «=ale— Saloon, with 8 furnished rooms up-
•t_:r'i; hall block from ferry. 45 Sacramento.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued. j
$300— CIGAR store; clubroom In rear; location
the best; south of Market St.; established for
years; doing good business; party must sell;
going East. STBNBBRU CO., 75'J Market St..
ii00.....r.......~.'71ii00~ ?hco
CENTRAL CIGAR STAND.
Best block, Market st.
Dally sales average over $25. . • ¦
Elegant fittings.
Real pore— Invited to investigate.
The chance of the season
For first-class stand.
STENCERG CO., 759 Market St. j
$200 — SICKNESS compels Immediate sale cigar |
and stationery store. Stenberg Co., 759 Mkt.
FOR sale— Family liquor store; one of the old-
est locations in town. Apply in person at
613 Montgomery st. ; no agents; owner retir-
ing on account of health.
FOR SALE— Small restaurant connected with
70-room house; doing good cash business; a
bargain to any one with small capital. Ad-
dress box 2042, Call.
$200— RESTAURANT tor sale; situated among
factories where thousands of people are
passing; rent $15; suitable for man and
wife. 164 Fourth st.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house; cheap on j
account of other business. Address j box 2043, ;
Call office. -
PARTNER wanted — paying restau-
rant; owner has other interests. 217 6th bt.
PARTNER to cpen oyster and chop house with
$75; no fakers. Box 1836. Call office.
SHOESHOP for sale. 739<_ Mission st.
SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
stock should procure them immediately as I
there are only a limited number of them for ;
sale; these shares are appreciated because !
they have value- behind them; they will earn !
for you 30 to 35 per cent. Call or write for 1
lull information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. |
Fiscal Agents,
32S Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— A good planing mill in a lumber |
yard; located in a growing town. Address 1
P. O. box 439. Healdsburg. Cal. • j
$800— HALF interest in a wholesale, retail and I
manufacturing business. Inquire 247 sth st.
HALF interest in good paying stable !
In San Francisco. Box 19S0. Call office.
FINE business opportunity; a rare chance to I
purchase a good-paying business; rine loca- I
tion; good reasons for selling. Call 357
Twelfth St., Oakland. ;
REAL estate business; best location Oakland; !
sacrifice; , owners leaving city. Call before j
Tuesday at 911 Broadway.
ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale; I
good business of 20 years' standing. App.y !
1501 Folsom St. : easy terms. .. !
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS— FOR LIST.
> rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000 |
12 rooms; large yard 1500 '
40 rooms; boarding 4500 j
17 rooms: fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house .'. 4200 ',
7-room fiat on McAllister st. 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
brooms: fine yard "350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms: on Geary st 1800
Vi rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
5 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 ,800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1630 I
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750 j
32 rooms; offices; clears $250.... 3500 1
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint. 796.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3.
40 r. ; downtown: clears $160 month $2000
29 r. ; 3 blocks of Market; clears $120 mo. 1400 |
12 r. ; nice cor.; sunny; nr. City Ha 11.... 650 j
17 r. ; rent $40; free water; a snap 250 1
38 r. ; on Market St.; rent $50; clears $81. 1400 !
79 r. ; big business; N. Market: rent $210. 3600 ]
14 r.; clean: respectable; near corner of
Ellis a. Larkin; rent only $50; clears $76 1050
ICO r.; hotel in city; clears $COO a month... 8000
26 r. ; on Market; rent $60; sunny house.. 1000
1 r. ; rent $30; central; see this house... 450
50 r.; hotel; bonton; clears $3000 yearly.. 6000
56 r. ; apartments; big dining-room not used;'
new carpets; rent $175; clears $ISO mo. 4000
20 r. ; new carpets; rent $53; a clear profit
of $41 a month; 2 nice bath rooms 700 J
40 r.; line, full of steady roomers 4000 ;
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
1 Any of the following on monthly payments:
5 rooms; well furnished r... $400 j
15 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500 I
17 rooms; $3&0 can remain; clears $S5 500
3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location, clears $150 1200 '
21 rooms; corner; part cash.... 1500 j
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments 400
I 99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950 i
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250 j
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $80 1500 |
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750 i
; MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531 j
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc; only. sllol
24 r. ; Geary ; fine income 1900
15 r. ; rent $55: clears $60; good loc 80J I
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500 i
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
12 r. ; well fur.; fine location; Post 5t.... 800 !
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter 800 I
7 r. ; rent $35; new fur.; 12 outside brders 500 I
6 r.; rent 540; Eddy st 250 ;
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
£50 Market st Tel. Davis 281
36 rooms; good Income $2,600 i
17 rooms; good transient location 1,500 i
IE rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400 j
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700 j
6 rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600 i
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500 ;
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500 i
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500 ;
I .....' WINSTON _ WOLF j
1026 MARKET STREET.
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE., j
I 11 rooms, rent $35, near Sutter st $250
17 rooms, rent $50, part cash 1000 |
21 rooms, rent $45. reduced to 850 i
32 rooms, rent $40, clears $85....... 1200
41 rooms, modern, $1&5, clear prof monthly S5OO !
50 rooms, good corner, rent $95 2800
I ....MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. ... j
i McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st. ]
I Some Bargains for To-day:
I 100-room house $1400;
I 16-room house :~. 900 1
I 12-room house COO j
10-room house 700.
14-room boarding-house 1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons, baker- j
ies, candy, cigar stores, etc.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; 0n1y..5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; 0n1y... 725 I
12 rooms; Market St.; rent $40; good house. 550 i
1 Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
1 A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes j
; and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
IM. E. RIVES. 916 Market; Phone Main 128. '
12 rooms; housekeeping; rent $50 $650
: 18 rooms; bay windows; all sunny 1250
j 26 rooms: central; cheap rent 2300
1 42 rooms; all rented good income 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. • 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
I He can suit you In houses and prices.
1 FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full;
! good location; newly furnished. Call at 535 :
Market St.. room 14. •
 j .
A WE have a large list of lodging-houses at
al! prices; see us, we can suit you. 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 208.
j BOARDING-HOUSE; range $100; every-
I thing new; cost $750; a bargain. DECKER,
921 Market st.
PAYING 18-room bay-window modern house;
make offer; S. Market. Box 1502. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
; A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
. Wed. and Friday evening. - 103 a Market bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
I C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
I dium: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr., Su., 8 p. m., 50c. 1804 Bush; p.Larkin 2275.
' TEST meeting to-night at Spiritualist
headquarters, "05 Larkin; Mrs. Jennie Rob-
inson, medium: admission 10 cents.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth et.— Readings. 60c
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
Mr*. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eve«.,
25c; everybody get a test.. 732 Eddy;. no sign.
ME. YOUNG, demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a spiritual meeting ev-
ery night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 14S 6th
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Ooak; circle Sun., Tues.,
Fri.. 7:30; Wed., ladles. 2:30: read, dally. 50c.
ARNOLD DICKSON. tells everything; 50c. $1;
full materialization Thurs.. Sun. eve. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 528 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
Mrs. Lester, 148 6th, r. 12— Medium, palmist and
magnetic healer;read'gs daily Howard 1129.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister—Mrs. C. J."
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
rilE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or nave domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
' medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
I 26c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
I BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change in business? Are you ill, depressed
or uncertain? Why not seek the fullest
knowledge that will help you to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKa,
1206 Market, rme. 34 and 35. cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- j
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LJNCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT^
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 120 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
ME. AkKliT, the great clairvoyant, tells pa=st,
future, never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wile;
lee 25cand up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
ISMAK. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant anil
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 j. ni. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
DAGMAR, the Egyptian, draws aside uncertain
j years; if you are in trouble, xinhappy or not
satisfied consult Dagmar, the wonder; she will
I put ycu on the right path. 1035 Market, r. 14.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
j diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents SI; p^lm. and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
! Miss M. Wille. 326 A Eilis, greatest of all crys- |
tLd seers; reads your life correctly; full names ;
I given; sittings. 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1. I
j MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c, j
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr.»6th; open Sundays, j
I CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
I only 10c; from Ito 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
j MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25c. 148 6th St., r. 14.
I PRINCESS ISHMAEL wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar. 1008% Mkt., 2d floorj hrs. 10-9.
! TRUTHFUL card reaMing, palmistry included;
I sittings 25c. 289 Fell st.
j MRS. MALLORT, 917 Howard St., clairvoyant
[ and spirit card reader; consult me.
! PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 1007 M, Market, nearjitlu
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
GYPSY MESMAr! clairvoyant— Tells every-
thing; sure tips on races. 1152 Mission Bt.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
j MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA readi life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth s,t.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG. j
: WHEN you become dissmted with poor work
I send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama St. : tel. South 40.
MODBKN Co.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinsc Works — Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relaid. 104 14th st. jtel.Capp 2542.
AD VAN A: Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
! CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
I CITY Steam Carpet-beatinsr Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vn.tir.? Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
I BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny St., room 307.
j CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy st., room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
j GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
, COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room I
85. 916 Market. ' Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
j COTTAGES ' TO LET.
! NEW modern cottage 6 rooms; bath, large
yard, basement. 269 Hartford ft. ; no sign.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma !
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- j
able prices; pure gold fillings, *1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up; j
plates, a full set of teeth that look naUjral |
and guaranteed, $5 up. •
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It. ]
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges i
I and fillings; extractions or fillings by my j
I wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
! experience; no students; advice free; prices
; cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. '
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Market., cor.
4th. rm. 7. Floor 1 bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
1 crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 I
! up; office hours. 9a. in. to 3p. m. ; Sundays,
S to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S., manager.
! A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, i
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings, I
! 50c; plates, $5. full Bet; all work painless and j
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, £4 Sixth. ;
! LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painl^s extraction, j
i 50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th. I
j PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— !
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c. j
i YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by i
I going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st. j
I AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done !
| on weekly installments; lowest rates.
i SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
j DR. R.L.WALSH, 515% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain -
¦ less extraction, 50c ; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
I DR H G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Bx- ''
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. j
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
I INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Addresa D.
T.TT VAN. 314 Leavenworth st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
i DR. CRE ELY'S C. P. dop soap by druggists
j or'at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
I DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE ALB'S BHOOL '6S r 'E^LECTRIC AITTsNGir
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
?S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
6. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
I all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
i engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
I lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
! CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
j modern methods; positions for all graduates.;
! new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
j MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typl
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.*
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, minlnjr.mech.suiv
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1564. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL 1 course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VOICE culture; method of Lampertl; concert,
opera; send for circular. E.GEORGE, BOfi Ellis
FIGURES— Nothinc like it for rapidity; J3.
TARR, 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Filth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; eend for new circular.
ENGLISH, Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MfSS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
EDUCATIONAL Continued.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1563; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; also
cooks and waiter* furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 504B;
br'ch 605 Stevenaon. cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2ill.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Beet help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East. 426.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Suttentel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A STRONG young girl wishes position for gen-
eral housework in American family. Address
S7 Albion aye., off Sixteenth St., nr. Valencia.
NEAT second girl wishes place; best of ref.
Call lOSV2 Oak st. ; phone Drumm 68.
POSITION wanted by a first-class meat cook
in country. Address box 3051, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman would like position in
small family; general housework and cook -
ing. 2222 Post st.
RELIABLE woman; a good cook; would as-
sist in housework; reference. 5 Ewing place,
off Lagunast., between Post and Sutter; car-
fare exoected.
YOUNG girl wishes second work and waiting.
Call at 131 Wildey aye., off Steiner St., bet.
Pine and Bush.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework; from $10 to $12. SI |
Sherwood i>lace.
COLORED woman wants position for cooking
in private family or boarding house. 1032
Clay st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; young ladles'
and children's suits, coats, waists, etc., by
the day; $1 50 per day. Box 2053, Call office.
A DRESSMAKER of experience in ladies' and
children's clothes will accept engagements
in families in making and altering dresses;
$1 25 per day; ref. 1213 Webster et., nr. Ellis..
A RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the
week or month; would care for Invalid; good
reference. Call before 8 p. m.. 828 Geaxy st.
DRESSMAKER— First-class; perfect fitter, de-
signer and trimmer; costumes remodeled
latest Btyles; experienced in best work; $1 50
per day. Address J. P., 1110 Larkin St.
THOROUGHLY competent young lady desires
position as saleslady in bakery; city or
country; best ref. 207 Leavenworth st.
A competent German cook and helper desire
situations, country; flnt-class Swedish second
girl and seamstress, also competent laundress,
ref., desire situations. Mlas Cullen, 325 Sutter.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation; house-
work, cooking. 1169 Mission st., near Eighth.
GIRL wants a situation to do cooking and
housework. 322 Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED German lady's maid; first-
class seamstress; best of references. Box
2047, Call office.
LITTLE girl, age 14, would like to assist in
small family for a good home; must go to
school; references required. Box 2045, Call.
A POSITION as nurse girl or for chamberwork.
Apply or call 603 Washington st. ; working
women's home.
SEAMSTRESS that can do all kinds of sewing
would like a few more engagements; 75c a
day; hours, 8 to 5. 231 Eleventh st.
A GIRL wishes employment to do second work.
Call 2417 Clay St., rear.
WANTED— By en Eastern lady, situation as
cook; will go out of town. Address 756 Sev- j
enth st., Oakland.
GERMAN cook wishes a situation for general
housework; has good reference. 211 Minna
St., near Third. 1
FIRST-CLASS lady stenographer and type- 1
writer, ten years" experience, wishes posi- j
tion; best Eastern references; no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires situation in j
private family; $25 to $30 per month; former I
occupation, dressmaker. Apply 3002 Califor- |
nia st., tel. Baker 749. j
REFINED, resi>ectable woman desires to care |
for invalid or sick room; can give good refer-
ences. Address P. O. box 116, Vallejo, Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SINGLE man, 33, sober, industrious, respect-
able, seeks care of private place or small
ranch; experienced in care of horses and all
Etock. Address until Saturday, I. M., box
1563. Call office, ,
A YOUNG married man wishes a situation of
any kind; is not afraid of work; can come
well recommended. Call or address 2655 Fol-
som St., near Twenty-third. j
MIDDLE-AGED man wants any kind of light I
store or factory work; city or country; will-
ing to work for small wages; has good ref-
erences. Box 2052, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and horseshoer
wants situation; good workman. Box 2054,
Call office.
YOUNG married man wants position at any-
thing. HALL, 20 Dale place, oft Golden Gate
aye., near Hyde st.
BY a 'Strictly temperate young man from the
country, any honorable work; a fair pen
artist. A. A.. 1773 Market st.
A YOUNG man with office experience, who
speaks English. German, Swedish, wants po-
sition; best references. Box 1866, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as stenographer by a
young man, 24 years of age; experienced and
competent; city references; salary nominal.
Box IS6S. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work; can give reference
as to respectability, etc. Box 191)0, Call.
YOUNG man wants position to learn saloon
business; good references. Box 1998, Call.
MAN who thoroughly understands chickens
wants work around place. Box 1872, Call.
WANTED— To learn ladies' tailoring by ex-
perienced tailor. Box 2050. Call office.
A GOOD upholsterer wants position; good
workman. Box 1978, Call office.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 2046, Call.
MAN wishes position as janitor or office work.
* Bex 2041, Call office.
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster St.;
tel. Jackson 1321.
YOUNG married man, sober and Industrious,
with several years' experience, wants situa-
tion in wholesale liquor house as cellar man;
good all-round man; good references. Address
E. M.. 673 Geary st.
WANTED— By sober, industrious and reliable
man, a position as clerk in grocery store in
Oakland or San Francisco; no experience;
small wages to begin; references. Address
A. 8.. 564 Thirty-fifth" St., Oakland.
WANTED — Position as ranch foreman by young
man (single); experienced in all kinds agri-
cultural work; good references. Address S. F.
Call agency, San Jose, CaX
GARDENER, first class, competent and re-
liable, wishes situation. Please address box
1972, Call office.
COMPETENT engineer, marine license, wishes
employment In city; can handle anything in
the Hire. Address box 1882, Call office.
WANTED— Position by stationary or donkey
engineer; city or country; references. Box
1504. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wants a job as night or
day watchman: the best references; give also
bonds if necessary. Address L. F., 567 Sixth.
YOUNG Japanese school boy wishes work 2 or
3 hours a day; office or store. Box 1979, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
WILL give violin for typewriter. Address box
1874, Call office.
"WANTED.
WANTED— B,y a man and wife, a well fur-
nished flat of from 4 to 6 rooms; good ref-
erences. Address box 2044, Call office, stating
location and price.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc..)— We
have 42 01 flees in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. "Jail
or address main office, 5C7-8-9 Parrott bldg. '
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
SPLENDID opportunity for investment of cap-
ital for building purposes; will pay big in-
, terest. Address box 1864, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, C rooms, bath,
basement, yard! reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY corner lower flat. 7 rooms, bath; desir-
able; rent $32 50, with water. 1800 O'Farrell.
— FLAT of 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., bet.
Third and ' Fourth. »
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 ¦ pages, sent -to ¦ any address in the
United States or. Canada one year for $1.
FURNISHED FLAT WANTED^ ;
WANTED— For . about 2 months from Novem-
ber 20, small furnished flat or suite of 4 or
6 rooms, with bath, near center of city. Ad-
dress B. H., box 2049. Call office. •
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
• range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. >
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods. •
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
ALT. 708 Valencia St. tel. Church 1186.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkin
2752; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
FRAMES AND > PICTURES. - ~
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Ness
—Best work and lowest prices wjest Chicago.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. * 121 Grant aye.
HELP WAXTED— -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & ...Phone Grant 185
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses $35
Waitress, short distance $20
2 waitresses, same commercial and mining
hotel ; .....$2O
15 waitresses, other places, city and country
$20
Ironer who can polish, Southern California
, $30
Marker and distributor, • country laundry, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
i Choice place, Oakland, for second girl. $20;
cooks second girls, nurse girls, etc., best of I
wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
4 COOKS, German style $30
2 cleaning women for institution $20
Nurse, 1 child; city references $25
2 chamberwork and waiting; hospital $20
4 hotel waitresses, city and country, $20 to $25
General housework, 2 family, Santa Barbara;
fare here $20
2 Swedish second girls, 2 family $25
4 second girls, some sewing $20, $25
Governess for Arizona, 2 children; restaurant
waitresses, $7, $8 week; cooks, second girl,
nurses, waitresses, all kinds of • housework;
call early. "J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $35 to $40; 2 waitresses, com-
mercial hotel. $25; 2 waitresses, commercial
hotel, $20; 14 waitresses, different city and
country hotels, $20 and' $25; 3 chambermaids
•to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, $35; 2 cooks, $30; houseglrl, no washing.
$30; housegirl. Alameda, $25; housegirl, Oak-
land, $25; 3 houseglrls, Berkeley, • $25; many
choice places, city and country, $20 to $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. \
3 COOKS, German style, small families, $30; j
parlor maid and waitress. $30; 2 second girls, j
$20; 8 waitresses, small hotels, $20; 3 house- !
girls, Oakland, $25; 20 housegirls, city. $25; 2 I
boarding-house cooks, $30. MISS HORGAN,
323 Sutter st. I
RELIABLE girls with references can secure
good positions in private families at Boys'
Retreat Employment Bureau, 407 Eighth St.,
Oakland; phone black 2383. -
EXPERIENCED salesladies who have good ex-
perience in waist department; a good posi-
tion for reliable person. Apply at I. MAG-
NIN & CO., 918-922, Market St., between 4:30
and 5 p. m.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework;
German or American preferred. 1479 Fifteenth
st., bet. Howard and Shot well. *
WANTED— First-class alteration hands on
. coats and suits. Apply ready for work at
LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post st. .
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for general
departments; ladies' underwear store.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st. •
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
_ for housework and cooking. Inquire bet. 9
and 12 a. m., 317 Larkin st.
ELDERLY Scotch lady to attend to a baby;
good home to right party; small wages. Ap-
ply 1047 Valencia st.
WANTED— Experienced young lady as altera-
• tion hand for suits, skirts and waists. Call
store, 107-109 Post st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
small family. Call bet. 9 and 12, 1038 Wash-
ington st. . '
OPERATORS wanted on children's tailor-made
coats. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 Mission
St., fourth floor. - . •
OPERATORS on ladles' wrappers." 606 Mission
St., fourth floor. . •
OPERATORS on ladies' and children's wear.
6.56 Mission St., fourth floor.
(yßLfor light upstairs work; care for child;
$8 to $10; sleep home. 326 Halght St. .. •-
WANTED— An apprentice at ladies' tailoring.
H. ASHER. 52 i Post st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework and
store. 350 Duncan St., bet. 27th and 28th.
WANTED— Competent lady stenographer. Ap-
ply 340 Sutter St., between 11 and 12. »
WANTED— Competent nurse for infant three
months old in Alameda. Box 1865, Call office.
GIRL forVeneral housework; small flat. Apply
.; 1527 O'Farrell st.
1 GIRLS wanted to assist with skirts and waists.
1407 Lacuna st. • ' • .
YOUNG girl for housework; 2 in family: wages
$8. 971 Church st., near Twenty-second.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1235 Geary St.,
corner Gough. . ; --
OPERATORS on waists; steady work. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 507 Market st.
i GIRL wanted to assist in light housework.
. 1227 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for llsht housework; - 3 adults; $12.
Call 377 Oak st.
WANTED— GirI to do. general housework;
wages $20. 2599 Howard st.
GIRL as cook in family of 6. 2320 Clay St., bet.
Buchanan and Webster.
COMPETENT person for light housework, j
cooking and small washing. 432 Fair Oaks st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1406 Fif-
teenth st.
GOOD hands on vests who can make button- 1
holes. 641% Stevenson st. .
PANTS finishers; steady work. 80S Howard St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
GOOD waitress 1 wanted. 106 . Second St.,
WANTED— , errand girl; must know the
city. -¦ 72 Geary st. •
A— HAIRDRESSING taught thoroughly in 3 i
weeks; manicuring, " electrical face massage, !
. face' steaming, electrical rolling, cupping, i
shampooing, scalp treatment, , singeing, j
bleaching and dyeing; entire course $5; every- I
• thing furnished while learning; positions posi- I
tively guaranteed; 3 good positions In fine •
_ stores now open for those entering Immediate-
ly: day and evening classes. S. F. HAIR- I
' DRESSING COLLEGE. 233 Geary st., rm. 13. j
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS & '<
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont St.; good i
wages; no experience necessary; steady work. j
Apply MR. DAVIS. ..
LADIES— 20th century profession for wo-
. men; we teach ¦ halrdressing, 'shampooing,
• manicuring, face steaming and massage, elec-
I trical rolling, cupping, bleaching; latest meth- j
ods; thorough Instruc; everything turn.; day.
eve. classes; 3 weeks' course, $5. 727 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and - neg- .
ligee 6hirts; also a few bright girls about 18
. years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing: Standard Shirt Factory, _ corner Gough '
and Grove Bts. > ¦ ' \')T.
WANTED— for housework. 504 Stelner st., i
near Oak. ' ' : ]
IRONERS and operators, $5 :to $6 to beginners '
per week. National Laundry Co., 411 Sanchez.: I
YOUNG girl to assist; very light housework;
i- Sundays oft. 2754 ; Twenty-third st.
WANTED— Experienced •-; lady cashiers ¦ - and
; wrappers. Apply at HALE BROS.", before II
a. m. ' _ » 1
HELP WANTED— FEMALE- -Con.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework
and plain cooking; 2 In family. 716 Franklin.
GOOD girl for general housework and cooking;
2 in family. Call 9 to 12. 1705 Gough st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking; $15;
references. 1620 Pine st.
WANTED— Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Operators to work on fronts of neg-
ligee and golf shirts. Apply THE L. EL-
KUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
lIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS saleswoman to travel for whole-
sale hou«e. Box 1529. Call.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L. Samter & Son. 518 Mrkt.
WANTED— GirIs for military tailoring; good
wages; steady work. 2912 Lyon St.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloan
hands. Apply 1200 Geary at.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillaiore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOUti
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A-MI'ERAY & READY Phone Main 5848
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGTS
...OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY ....
FREE R. R. MEN FREE
UKIAH C. N. W. R. R UKIAH
50 teamsters Ukiah free fare
50 laborers Uklah free fare
Machine hand for a planing mill, country, $3
day; blacksmith's helper, camp $2 day
5 muckers, good mine $57 50 and fd
Engineer who understands oil burners, small
factory, country
10 laborers, near city $52
10 basalt block makers, see boss here
5 2-ho se teamsters, country $2 day
5 4-horse teamsters, country J2 25 day
4 boys to work in factory $6 to jji7 50 wk
Stableman, private stable, country.. s2s and fd
3 stablemen, buggy washer and harness
cleaner
15 farm hands and plow teamsters, $26 and $30
7 milkers, choremen and boys, can washer, $25
... BUTCHERS AND HOTEL DEPT
Butcher, country shop, no slaughtering $50
Butcher, country shop, no sla-ughtering
$35 to $40 and fd
Night waiter country restaurant $30 and fd
Short order cook, $10 wk. ; 8 cooks, city and
country; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $35;
9 waiters, different places, and kitchen help.
MURRAY fcJIEADY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED steward for the catering
department of a mining company; $75 and fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— MR. PRESSLER, carpenter, please call.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant ISS
RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park $2-$2 50
Teamsters, Ukiah $2
Laborers for company's work $175
...FREE FARE FOR ABOVE ORDERS
10 shovelers, big ditch S2 25
10 drillers, big ditch $2 50
2 expenrlenced grocery salesmen, $2 a day,
steady work; experienced driver, grocery
wagon, $12 a week.
10 quartz miners, $3 a day, see b s here.
2 carpenters for country. $2 50 a day and fd.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $50; second cook, $35; dishwasher,
$20, same country hotel; 6 second cooks, night
cooks, broilers, fryers. $50 to $70; 10 dishwash-
ers, kitchen hands, pantrymen, glassmen.
etc., $20-25; bell boy, good references, $17 50.
C. R. HANSEN St CO 104 Geary st.
ASSAYER and metallurgist for smelter; 10
I wooachoppers, $1 25 cord, long job; man and
wife, private family, $30 and found; milker,
$30; cabinetmaker, $3 day; 2 sihglehanl min-
ers, $2 day and board; 2 machinists, $3 day;
setter for mill, $60 to $75; 2 teamsters for
lumber company, $35 to $70; farmers, poultry-
man and engineer, $30 and found; laborers and
i others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
| mento st.
I COOK, country restaurant, $50; cook, country
boarding-house, $40; hotel cook, .<5O; restau-
rant waiter, $40: porter for restaurant, $30;
hotel waiters, $25 and $"0; and others. J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
2 pruners for vineyard, $30: teamster for vine-
yard, $30: choreman and milk for ranch, $25;
buttermaker and milk, $30; German boy to
learn butcher trade. $15 and fd. ; Ist and 2d
cook for boat, $40 and $30: 2d baker, country
shop, $8 a week and fd. ; German dishwasher.
$27 50; furnishing and dry goods clerk, country,
$60; laborers and drillers for ditch, $2 25 and
$2 50 a day; scraper teamsters, four horses,
$2 25 a day.
A STENOGRAPHER, using Smith Premier
typewriter, with knowledge of bookkeeping,
for country. $40 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— TWO first-class waiters for country hotel,
$35. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waiters, country hotels, $30 and $40.
MASTER Barbers, don't fail to atttend meet-
ing to-night at 102 O'Farroll st., 9 o'clock.
Business of great importance will be dis-
cussed. S. HELLER, Secretary of Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco.
WANTED— Bookkeper; must not be over 25
years of age and have experience keeping re-
tail books; must be quick and accurate at
addition: no use wasting time unless you are
sure you can handle 500 or 6CO accounts sat-
isfactorily; wages, $12 50 to begin. Box 2U4S,
Call office.
WANTED— Salesman and delivery clerk for a
family liquor store In Sacramento; good
wages and prospects for right party; appli-
cant state references, ase and experience.
Address "S," P. O. box 520, Sacramento.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $75 for a
plain every day business; will pay |M to $65
a month; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply at 765 Market St.. room 3.
GOOD sober man as partner commission busi-
ness; $75 required; this is no fake; come and
see. FARSHMAN, S8 Third St., room 2.
WANTED — A young man to drive grocery
wagon and attend to two horses. Addresa
box 1569, Call office.
WANTED— Wax threat operator. Apply at
United Workingmen Boot and Shoe Factory,
Twenty-fifth and Bartlett sts.
WANTED— Physician with $250; secures $200 to
$300 monthly; legitimate business. M. D .
box 1573. Call office. r
VNTED — Errand boy for drug store; one with
bicycle preferred. Answer box 1870, Call.
STRONG boy to work in stpre and drive deliv-
ery wagon. Apply 25th and Folsom sts.
W^ANTED— A boys' and children's salesman at
RAPHAELS.
WANTED— A men's clothing salesman at
RAPHAELS.
BOY wanted— JOE ROSENBERG, 81S Market.
FINE opening for good business man with lit-
tle money. FRASER, 123^ Mason St.
WANTED— Salesman for city. Apply W. H.
FRY, 405 Montgomery St., room 6, 8 o'clock.
ELDERLY French cook for saloon lunch. 1231
" Market st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 799 Geary
st., cor. Hyde.
"WANTED— Good paper-hanger at 252 Fifth st.
STRONG boy wanted In fish market; no ex-
I perience required. Call at 563 Valencia Ft.
SIX boys to distribute circulars. K. S. C.
Medical Co., 1236 Market St.. rooms 121 & 122
POY wanted in plumbing shop. 623 Davis
street.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
I WAITER wanted. Call 1201 Fillmore St., cor.
I Turk.
i LUNCH waiter wanted. 564 Fourth st.
i WANTED— Strong boy about 13 to work at
j painting. 79 Third St.
i BOY wanted to learn electrical work and lock-
| smithing. Apply at 9 Eighth St.. 10 a. m.
! WANTED — A first class shoe repairer at 202
Powell st.
! WAITER wanted; all round man wanfed. 37
i Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter and elevator boy at 29
1 Stockton st.
A GOOD kitchen hand and short-order cook
at 1522 Kentucky st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling at 625 Com-
mercial st.
BOY wanted, butcher shop; care of horse and
, drive wagon. WILSON Market, 377 Sixteenth.
ADVERTISING solicitor on Winchester House
register. Apply after 7 p. m. at office.
1 VfANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps. U.
: S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
1 character, between the ases ot 21 and S3; not
j . less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 f'c»t 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
; further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— IOO teamsters by the E. B. &A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson Ama-
dor County, Cal.; wages for 2-horse' team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
j Bters. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Con. --
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brusa )
and shovel men to work on ditch line beln* j
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverviile. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work- steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., k6 Montgomery st., room -0. Sao Fran-
Cisco, Cal. ,
A STEADY, reliable man, 25 to 40 years of
age with $1000. can procure permanent situa-
tion; good salary and 6% on investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 160... Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 100 lar *
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only "eight weeks
required; tools donated; Positions guarantee.! ;
catalogue free. MOLEB BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st. _____
WANTED— young man: plain work;
no experience required; $15 week; must have
$125. 1221 Market St.. room 1, upstairs.
EARNEST young man. willing to work his
way through business college. California
Business College, 305 Larkln st. ;
SOBER and steady lunch counter waiter, sin-
gle; wages $35 per month and found. Address
Depot Hotel, Wadsworth. Nev. [
WANTED— Cash boys. $15 month. ROOS
BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
ENERGETIC man to solicit and collect. Call
3-9 a. m. only. T. J. Keete. r. 6. 405 Mortgy.
BUSHELMAN' at once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
UNDERPBESSER on coats. BELASCO &"^
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ¦ »
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: good pay: steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Mar-
ket st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1113 Call Building.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
COATMAKERS and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hair
price. 563 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Errand boys not under 15 years of
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 123
Sutter st.
COAT, vest and > pants makers wanted; apply
Ha. m. . Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 200
to cOc. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary for ships for all parts ot
the world. HERMAN'S. .6 Steuart st. '
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; tre»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HORSES AX D WAGONS.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $60 to ti'.O
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sala
Wednesday, November 6, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
COACH horses for sale; pair of sorrel geldings.
15 hands. 7 years, very stylish, good actors.
J. ODONNELL, 721 Howard St.
A — SORRIJL team mares, young, sound, styl-
ish and gentle, for sale. TWOMEY. 820 Fol-
som st.
FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy St., a fine lot of carriage, road an.l
business horses.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon.
1 Kumey: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CAVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St.
BIG horse suitable for express wagon, $15;
mare. $25; wagron, $35. 21 City Hall aye.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S., 721 Howard »t.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIE_s 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP — New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart*, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 -Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon (or sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AND FOUND. »
LOST— gold watch; initial C. L. out-
side; diamond set case; full name Inside.
Return to 1513 A Mission st. ; reward.
— Sunday, in or arcund . Golden Gat«
Park, a string of green beads with gold
cross. Finder return to 1114 Page St.; reward.
LADY'S umbrella. K. B. on handle; Ellis or
Lcavenworth, Mason to Turk. Return to
3145 Seventeenth st.; reward.
LOST— Diamond stud, present. Return t- L.
U. GRANT, 45 Montgomery St.; $10 reward.
LOST— Sunday. British coat of arms pin on
Guerrero or Army sts.; reward. 765 Capp st.
— Sunday, a checker board locket. 8 dia-
monds. Kelly & Brennan, 929 Market; reward.
LOST— 3 opera tickets for the 15th inst. Re-
turn to 1718 Jackson st. ; reward.
LOST— From 215 Fourteenth St.. bluish-gray
hunting dog, named Dash.,v.ith wide collar;
reward. •
LOST— Friday, from 5570 Vallejo St., Golden
Gate, small bay horse branded H. C. Re-
ward.
LOST— passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society, S. F., in the name of
SAMUEL BRESLAUER, No. 218-975. The
finder please return to bank.
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts., Oakland
$100 reward and no questions If returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 112* Eighth St.. Oak-
land.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
tional Bank In favor EMMET CARTER (No
6.490) for $140. Box 1588. Call office.
IT will pay to "^Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
— -~— — — — — — — — _______________________
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In thai
United States or Canada one year for $1
. MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell if
tel. Bush 421.
MVI-RMIDMAL
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1S87; reliable and
confidential; list. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis st.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in alt
cases taken: the most obstinate cases hay»
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 25- years' experience in midwifery
. cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladies before and during c->n-' r j
flnement: best care, attention: confinement*..**
$15; board $4 a week and up; infants d, *
606 Guerrero st., nr. ISth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints- In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience-
private home be.ore and during conSr.em-;—
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5. "*"
TH £°|:i sll _H- MRS - DAVIES is still located at
122S Market: maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. to.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market at.. S. F.
MRS. ,D», D » ALLEN, His Market-Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR ,, a d MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable: 25 years' practice i a
b. *.. maternity home; fee low. 9C6 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery .il^
IN TOSH &_ WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS : back bar.-;, mirrors. restaurarrt~and"po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on ham!; 32 complete out.. on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1317. 1019. 1021. iosv
Mission at., above Sixth; write for catalogue.^
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers. shapU'
ers. etc. also wood-working tools such as
hand saws, wood planers, sbapers. sticker*
mortisers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINB, 220
Fremont at.MISCELLANEOUS— FOR S.» -.c Con. I
Jf NEW system of buying diamond*, watches, |
1 btxlskins, trunks, valises, etc. is being in-
• augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 2}
MucKton st. A";: you need is a very small
_depo6it.
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half oft; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO., 704 Larkln.
A E tTYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
onKir.i:s bought and sold. KKOGH Mfg. Co.,
5 Jatevenson st. .
FIXE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— ii so DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S3O Kearny st., near Pine.
FIRST-CLASS milk route, with or without
depot; 100 gallons. Box 17SS. Call office.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost "new. F.
MICKELSEX. 1230-32 Hampshire st.
SBBW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak:
J^Plete; cheap. 1315 Mission, near Fifteenth.
*SWELRY for sale; diamonds,- precious stones
_r_ ought - T - shtand, 126 Kearny st., rm. 29.
CHEAP i hr. gasoline engine, f-ieam pump 1
-aw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
.-vI^L are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
BOATS, launches, ¦boats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
w jiire. 4. 3. 2. 1. «i in.; half price of
'f new - H- s - WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH rpfri^ter (Hallwood): brand new; redue-
tlon of tZZ. H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st.
BAR ~ outfitS! - showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. "LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN' SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, Ic9 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lned safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clinks
ers. South Park Malt House, Brannan st.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
A PARTY lately from the East would like
to borrow some money on diamonds. T. H.,
Call box CSS.
A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about I^4
karats. Bok 1574, Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box UK, Call office.
' HIGHEST price ;iaid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 22S Montgomery aye.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants pood second-hand clothing and
y poods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY to LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building!
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
Loans made
On first" and second mortgages
Life interests in estates 
Undivided interests in real estate......
Property being held in trust
Life policies. Estates in probate
If you need money
See HERMAX MURPHY. €C 3 Examiner bldg.
A— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to cult. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities, Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate... i
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay .
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN .'.
24 Montgomery St., room 3 i
THE Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton St..
phone Bush 484, Tias a new idea in money
lending; phone us or send word and we will
call; money lent on diamonds, watches. seal-
Fkins, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on us; con-
fidential.
5250.000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
f- on California securities, first or second mort-
/on Ci city or town properties, second mort-
or town properties, undivided In-
/ terests in real estate, legacies, etc., aleo first- j
" class ranch property; will loan as high as 73
per ctnt of real value. W. L. HARPER,
964 Parrott building.
ANT proposition, any ..mount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1&65. proper
place to borrow rconey on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Gram aye.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est ra^es. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Bt. ; te.. Main 1644. Branch IS Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant aye., near
Geary Et. : phone Red 1603.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
£; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073. m
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, poods in warehouse.etc. ;any amount low-
est rates: private. Onnsby. 26 Montgomery st.
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals.
lowest rates; quick; by private party. 850
Market St.. room 10.
$500,000 AT C per cent in sums to suit In city;
SISP.OOO en large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
. lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
] CASH Joaned to salaried people on note ¦with- j
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per '¦
annum. WORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones. |
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
6%% OK real -estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY, 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; confidential* Wnitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. , LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each 1
41000; ar.y security. £02 Montgomery et., r. 1.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money '
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
OX SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sitions, S. F. Discount Agency, 113 Phelan big.
THE TOt'FLEY Company; . loans and dis-
counts. 821 Parrott building.
LOAXS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Wet-tern Loan Co.. 308 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand. Is the largest '
west of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
cold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
Feme rood pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
» SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers.
)*• corner earny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
f Cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth et..
Oakland. |
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano \
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes: easy payments: big allowance for ,
second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
rains $25 up: Stelnways. HSS; Chickeringg.
5135; EO others; : {rents wanted. We pay your
lare to arid from any part of California if you
purchase. 217 Geary 6t.
ETECK. Everett, Hardman. Packard, Lud- •
wig. Harrii^ton, Conover and oiher pianos. i
These makes we are now offering for sale
In our wholesale warerooms at 933 Market
t-t. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
JCO empty" piano ¦ boxen for pale at 50c each.
THS WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS-
6econd-hand upright pianos frcm $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Becond-band organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ I
6 SOX, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Mason
end Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos. j
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time- j
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular !
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano frrfrn us. KOHLER & CHASE. 'SO
OFarrell St.: established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut j
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck, I
eck case: Hardman square. $15; organs. $25 '
,up. BOWERS & SON. 21 Fifth St., IVERS
Jj POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
*^ff — —
/I>K ii Lout our new ->!an of selling pianos;
Trow does $1 60 per ween strike you ? Agents
for Wissner. Decker & Son. Baumeister and
others. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
;ci Market st. •
_ m'MCAL I\STRIVR\TS Con.
ANOTHER lot of high-prade new and second-
hand pianos Just put en sale for storage; dirt
cheap: Must sell; no reserve; installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage, 1706 Market St.
IB— HERTZ piano; pood for practice; Schafter
upriefct. nearly new. $;Jfl. 217 Geary st.
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
troing East account death: sacrifice. 502 Eddy.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, n-pairer. 2 Latham place.
j BOHISER. Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 308 Post st.
I GOOD second-hand upright for gale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
ELEGANT piano as good as new. standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk it., near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Etelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
ALL persons having claims against HENRY
MEYER, deceased, who kept a grocery store,
corner Thirteenth and Mission sts., are noti-
fied to present them within thirty days from
date to me at HIS Folsnm st. Dated October,
T"l. PETER WINDELER.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
STORE to let, $7 per month. Apply 614 Shrader
St.. near Waller.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
Fi7.ps : cheap. H. S. WHITE. M 6 Mission St.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered. $3 up; leaks and plastering
repaired. IW Third st.
TALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
| Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
1 XEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
! rep.ds from Ito 5. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2935.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, carios and an-
tiques boujjht. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et. , largest curio Ftore in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
SURE cure fcr drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit: Mocsc-r Company Gold Cure; accom-
plished without publicity; confidential; full
direction; hundreds of testimonials; price $5
per bottle. Address 1125 Geary st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
AN elecant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
p&ir of pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $l weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket tt.. between f-eventh and Eighth.
BY communicating with Dr. Vun Biebersteln
at once. Mr. Ferdinand Schilling will hear
something to his advantage. CHAS. TEPPER,
365 Twelfth st., Oakland.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MIPS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 35J8,
Eighteenth St., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611, Examine"? bldg.; phone Black 3601.
MRS. ERIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 96S Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St.. S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; »1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of Ktyle and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic effioc, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methoas; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of JUSTIN
VERGNER will please address JOSEPH
VERGNER, 2012 Fourth St.. West Berkeley.
ARTISTIC hairdressing 25c; manicuring 25c;
shampooing SGo; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
and front pieces. G. LEDERER! 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
ASELDTA PATTIS Beauty Cream. Secret of
-ual youth- 5Cc. postpaid; free demon- |
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post.. :
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter j
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING '
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Lro.iiway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market st. opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st. i
A— IF your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. '£2 O'FarreU; send for circular.
A — VII )A Company permanently cures stomach
i trouble. T36 Valencia St., bet. ISth and 19th.
! ELECTRICITY is life. Mme. Zclla gives
treatments, 1020 Market Et.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
Lest corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDI'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
fcalr to its natural color: $3; at all druggists.
MASQUHRADE costumes, play books, wigs;
j country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
! 500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NKUHA.CS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny St.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
! OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bcught. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay ft.; pee testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TIRNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont Et.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ANY one who has a lot to sell on Vallejo,
Green. Union, Filbert. Greenwich or Lom-
bard, between Van Ness aye. and Devisadero
can find a buyer by calling on W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
WANTED— A large-sized lot at the Mission
or a fiO-vara lot in the Western Addition
suitable for building dwelling houses thereon.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California Bt
OWNERS of property who wish to avoid fore-
closure of mortgage expenses and to save
somethinj; may find a ready buyer by calling
on the undersigned. W. J. GUNN', 530 Cali-
fornia £t.
SPECIAL attention given to probate sales of
real estate; executors, administrators and at-
torneys who represent estates, and who wish
to dispexje of real estate, ¦will do well to
rend a description of it to the undersigned,
who has buyers that will submit bids, and
who stand ready to purchase. W. J. GUNN,
EM California st
A GOOD-SIZED lot wanted to purchase on Va-
lencia. Mission or Howard, bet. Twelfth and
Twenty-third Ets. ; improved or vacant
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
SOME choice lots In Richmond, north oX the
Park where ail the street work Is done and
cars parsing within a few steps; offered at
very low prices; not far out.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
FOR the income; wanted to purchase, flats or
residence that is now bringing in rental or
can be rented easily: in Western Addition or
Mission. W. J. GUXN, 530 California Bt.
A VERY cheap lot on Fair Oaks st. between
2?, th and 26th sts.; 25 ft. front by 125 ft. deep;
lot level and ready to build on; street eew-
ered and macadamized; price $SOO
Fine lot for fiats; north Fide ' Union bet
A'an Ness and Franklin; cars pass; street
work, done; lot level. 25x117; only $1750; new
flats on this lot would rent at once
THOS. MAGEE & SONS, 5 Montgomery st.
$5250-FLATS; good investment. ~THE M'CAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st.
$1250— BRODERICK Bt. lot. THE MCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market st.
»4400-A GREAT bargain; 22 lots In heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY
895-386 Parrott building.
BARGAIN— S2IOO. terms; house. 9 rooms; lots
to suit. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
$350 EACH— Corner lots; Eugene aye. ; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or Install. 360 Jessie.
FOR faJe— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half cagh. 302? Pierce St.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— To buy in the city an old house to
be removed. Box 1867, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
j REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY-— Sale
j EXECUTRIX auction sale of the fine ranch,
live stock and farming implements of the late
I Frank Haera, Esq., .Midway, Alameda Coun-
ty. i Sale - Saturday, November 16, at 1 • p.m.
The ranch comprises 648 acres. It -is, one of
[ the richest and choicest ranches in Livermore
Valley; springs all over ranch; houses, barns,
etc. "Will be subdivided into quarter sections
if desired. Sold on terms to suit. . Also ) 6
horses, 100 tons of hay, 60 head of cattle,
farming implements, etc. This is |a ; grand
chance to get a fine ranch at your own price;
no limit; must be sold. By order of the ex-
ecutrix, MRS. C. HAERA. J. A. MUNRO &
CO., auctioneers. Office Alameda, Cal. _' ; '.
40- ACRE almond orchard for sale; a snap bar-
gain; trees are healthy and in good bearing;
at $150 an acre cash; 53 miles from San Fran-
csico; river transportation; fare 50c from San
Francisco by boat; 1 year's crop will pay the
amount asked for the land; lovely climate.
For further particulars apply at store of CON-
RADI & GOLDBERG. 730 Montgomery, S. F.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, .on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR rent for a term of years — acres adjoin-
ing Santa Rosa, Sonoma County; under high
cultivation; everything complete. 1338 Market.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
] BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i $2000— NEW 6-room cottages at Golden Gate,
Lorin, Ashby and Berkeley stations; lot 45x
100; 1 block to train and electric cars;. por-
celain bath, tiled sink, tinted walls, gas fix-
tures; sewer and water all connected; only
$200 down, balance less than rent, only $20
per month. W. C. MORAN & CO. . . ..
$3500 WILL build 8-room house in the beau-
tiful Wheeler Tract; street work all done;
cement walk all around house; have made
arrangements for 3 to be built to advertise
the tract; only $500 down, balance same as
rent. W. C. MORAN & CO.
5-ROOM cottage; lot 50x130; 2 blocks to
cars; $50 down, balance $10 per month. .W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1200— 5200 CASH, balance $18 per month; 5
rooms, barns and chicken houses, fruit trees,
berry vines, etc.; 1 block to cars; lot 100x120.
I W. C. MORAN & CO. •
: ACRE lots, $10 cash, balance $10 . per
I month. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorln station
and Schmidt block. Berkeley. .' .
$2000— LONG-FELT want; cottage house of 6
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
! OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East. -
$20,000— House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built
I 1900; every modern convenience; ideal in
i every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
lot 75x175; prominent corner; 1001 Grand St.,
N.E. corner San Jose aye., in Alameda, near
local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
I erty: key at office.
• S. M. DODGE & SON,
i • 1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$250 CASH, $6 50 monthly; hard finished; cozy
: cottage of 3 rooms, high basement; good well
' oIL water: 2 fine lots, 50x100; all fenced,- soil,
j climate the very best: grand view; near school
j and electric car lines; close to boulevard and
i social hall; adjoining East Oakland; 100 fami-
lies, surrounding good people; price ; in all
! $750. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
' st., opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
! HOUSES of every description ¦ and price for
' sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10.
?16C0— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; nearly
new. S6O Park way, near Clinton station.
East Oakland. ¦ ¦" - -- - '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent — Large house and grounds in Linda
I Vista Terrace tract, Oakland: Piedmont cars
pass the door every few minutes. S. J. TAY-
LOR. Realty Syndicate. 14 Sansome St.. r. 12.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and .Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP, 942 A, near Twenty-fifth— Nice upper fiat
of 4 sunny rooms and bath; nicely furnished;
cheap; no children.
! HOWARD. 1063— 2 sunny completely furnished
I front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights.
i LARKIN, $04— Sunny front suite, furnshd. light
| housekeepng, gas, grate, $12; single front,ss 50.
! OAK. 11&— Front room furnished for house-
keeping, $9 50; 2 basement rooms, $9 50; sin-
gle. $7
j O'FARRELL, 128. cor. Powell— A nice room,
j $4; upstairs; near the Orpheum.
SUITE of three or four handsomely furnished
! rooms with privilege of light housekeeping;
! refined private family; Western Addition;
phone Jackson . 981. Box 1805, Call . office.
i TURK, 545—2 furnished front rooms for house-
| keeping; gas, bath and phone.
! VALENCIA. Sunny furnished housekeep-
I ing room with kitchen; adults; private family.
VALENCIA, 1232 — Sunny alcove room, fur-
| nished for light housekeeping; gas, bath and
| washtubs; In warm belt. '!
| VAN NESS aye., Elegantly furnished suite
I and kitchen. $35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
BRUNSWICK" HOUSE. i4B Sixth-Rooms.'
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. '
I ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— elegant,
! sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
' place like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c; $1 to S3 week.
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 771 — New, clean and . homelike rooms,
with privilege of kitchen. .
ELLIS, Nicely furnished room with pri-
vate bath attached.. > .
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. - .
! FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
! $1 per week. . ,
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single; \
transient; baths. Mrs. King,. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated. ¦
GOLDEN. GATE aye., 622—1 sunny single front >
room; gas and bath.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, ' single or suites.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single, $2; suites, $3 50 per week;
newly, renovated; elevator; baths. ;
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European ' plan). 24 Turk
st., near Market — Central location; new build-
i ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by.tha
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. . .
LARKIN. ' — One sunny front room, suitable
for . gentlemen only; reasonable. .
LARKIN, Sunny single room; . private
house. ' *• " . • '
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
•bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. jg
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely .: fur-
n'shed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny I furnished I rooms I and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, 525 A— sunny suite, suitable for doctor I
or dentist: opposite Olympic Club. . ¦¦¦'¦¦,-'
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, ¦ smoking-room • and ' ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; months, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.;
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. '
BUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— from ;$3
to $7: singles, $2 to $5 per , week; transient. ¦ ,
WELL lighted : rooms, single ¦ and double; also
, suited for offices; central location, near Hall
of Justice. Apply top floor, 16 Montgomery ay
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA, 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
¦;. suites. and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
i cial rates ; first-class board :If desired. . .-- ¦'
1 STRICTLY first-class rooms and > board; ele-
gantly and newly .furnished; private ¦. family.
1516 O'Farrell st. - ¦¦¦•¦¦ -.--" ¦ '-. .¦ > \'.»/^ . "
$18—1021 SUTTER— Large ; front' rooms; sepa-
rate beds: alcove; hot and cold water; Span-
- ish : practice.' , •¦- -¦":' -,',-¦.-!-"¦ :....¦'.:.. ' ?
FOR . two; exceptional table f. private family;
car line ; Western Addition. , Phone ; Pine 46.
GUERRERO, 104, block from Market— Elegant
sunny suite, fur. or unfurn. ; terms reasonable.
GUERRERO, 104— Large sunny jj single . rooms;
running water; use bath; terms reasonable.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
VAN NESS, Handsome , furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; beat
table board. ¦ ; . ; .
POST, 1414, 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
.rooms with, board; newly, furnished; hotel ex-
perience. ".¦,- ¦- ¦ ; .-. ; ;- ¦. . ; .¦, :-
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. :¦:' ¦:¦ ¦-. .
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. , ¦
LARGE nicely furnished front room; use par-
lor; piano and phone, 850 Van Ness aye. . •
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel : exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional: single rooms.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
. private family, $18. 516 Jones st. ; telephone.
WANTED at 2026 Pine ' St., ' a few | first-class
.¦ boarders with references. ¦ ¦ ;.-i : .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for : $1,
postage paid. : ' • . . ' • , "
RUPTURE* SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st. treatment free; only
invention in the world that will .not torture.
~ ROOMS WANTED. V
GENTLEMAN wants furnished room near City
Hall; state particulars. Box ISB3, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. j
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
- sion st. ; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. : .
BEKINS Van ana Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. '. •
*n'PE^ITERS AND _SrPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free." 209 Sansoni-.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. "y"-\
THE delinquent assessment list of the Stanley
Aerial Navigation Company will be published
in the Journal of Commerce daily from now
, on until the day of sale (December «2d). H.
BRUCKMANN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 6, 1901.— Dividend No. 194, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company, will be . pay-
• able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor, Mills building, on Nov. 15, 1901.
Transfer books will close. on Saturday, Nov.
9, 1901, at 2 p. m.
. EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
'¦¦ ¦ i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued -
yesterday:.. ;»." -.."... .•.^ ; . ._. ¦: «r_ - - ,J.T
Frank Danore, 25, 11 Union place, ¦ and Sylva
Rossetta. 23, 310 Union street. .
Daniel S. Peterson, 31, 33 Valley street, and
Noleine L. Jaffemann, 21, 33 Valley street.
Fred ' A. Guerrero, 22, 857 Bush street, and
Antonla M. Bernal, 21, San Jose. .*. -
I^. .Daniel IJ. Eagan, 25, . 111 Lexington avenue,
and Genla Warshanski, ¦ 23, 1405 Golden Gatt
| avenue. ¦ : ; ¦-. i
Herman Schram, 40. St. Helena, - Cal., and
Anna C. Hlltel, 25, Callstoga, Cal.
Hugo H. During, 34, 422 Fremont street, and
Wllhelmine Grannan, 33, 16C Guy place. >
Edward H. . Schumacher, 24, 115^ Valparaiso
street, end Florence M. Allen, 22, 1025 Green-
wich street.
Andrew H. Hopkins, 33. Bitterwater, Cal.,
and Ada B. Sawyer, 28, " Bitterwater, Cal.
William Snow. 60, Stockton, Cal., and Em-
ma Rutter, 44, Stockton, Cal.
Roy E. Allen, 22, Haywards, Cal., and Ruby
F. MacMahon, 19, 136 Haight street.
William E. Ratto, 22, 2670 Folsom street, and
Anna E. Anchick, 21, 1133 Treat avenue.
Albert J. Wilson, 35. 1143 Turk street, and
Margaret T. O'Leary, 29, 3483 Sacramento
I street. '¦ 1 ¦
Henry Murohy, Si, 1532 Stockton street, and
Cruz Ganmiboa, 28, 1532 Stockton street.
William H. Ashman, 22, 121 Silver street, and
Lulu Welch, 22, 78 Woodward avenue. -
Charles H. Wild, 22, Nevada City, Cal., and
Maggie G. Monke, 20, Nevada City, Cal.
Frederick C. Launtzen, 37, Rio Vista, Cal.,
and Annie L. Launtzen, 27, Rio Vista, Cal. -
Robert A. Kenzie, 21, city, and Veronica M.
Kennedy, IS, city. ¦.
BIRTHS-r-MARBIIuES— DEATHS.
Birth, 1 marriage and death ' notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the -publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
WALCOTT— In this city, November 8, 1901, to
the wife of George H. . Walcott, a daughter.
~ -"- MARRIED. ~
FRIEDMAN— In this city, November
10, 1901, by Rev. Dr. J. • VoorsanEer, • Benja-
min Baron and Fredricka Friedman.
DIETLE— KLEY— In this city, November 6,
1901, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Gustav
• Adolf Dietle and Karoline Emma Kley, both
of this city. :
HEDGES— KINNE— In this city. November 9.
1901. by Rev. Dr. : Wills, ¦ Charles L. Hedges
and Lizzie Kinne, both of this city. ' '
MORRILL— POWERS— In Elmhurst, • Cal.,
j October 31, by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Galen
Wadsworth MorriU and Clara Belle Powers.
URY— SELIGMANN— In this city, November 3
1901, by Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Aaron Ury and
Elizabeth Selijrmann. . .
' ~ DIED. ;  '
Bailey, Jennie H. -. Kinnear, John S.
Borgstrom, Jennie ' : Lar«ran,» Maria
Bustin. John T. . McWilliams, Kate D.
I Casenave, Marie '¦ Moran, Violet M. •
Coughlin, John 1 Mugan, Matthew ""..
Cullmary, Scott Pease, Carnott M. 1
Drlscoll, Cornelius • Rabe. Lenora A.''
Driscoll, Moses Raymond, Eleanor F.
Ekberg, Otto M. Rice, Harry ¦
HENRY «]. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
¦-• -: DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mjrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
• .' ' ' Telephone South 80. /
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
r Ban Mateo County. ¦ - -
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. '
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
Eugene McGinn. .. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, -
.- 31 EDDY STREET. - - ;:
Telephone South 252. - V I San Francisco. I
No Connection With' Any Other House.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, ; I
\27 and 29 Fifth * st. Tel. South 187 '*'•" •"• '}
; FUNERAL DIRECTORS; AMD ;: EMBALMEH3. 1
¦^^jlnes^j£qulpmentat^tfoder'ate_Ra tea. ",*.'¦ |
I JAMBS McGINN.
Formerly with McGinn : Bros.; has opened
new . Funeral . Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet
Taylor and Jones. - Telephone South 576.--'-
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.,
- Samuel ; McFadden, 18 i years , manager for
the United ¦ Undertakers' Association; ; M. J. "
Mcßrearty. s with . the ¦ same company for 14
years; P. F. Green, : late , with J. •C. O'Con- '
' nor & . Co.,' nave opened ; new = Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh'
and ; Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Farrell, Mary Ryhner. Maedalene
Grossmann, Minnie Shuey, Nancy M.
Hale, Fanny . Smithson, Robert
Hubbman, Fred Solomon, Robert H.
Hunt, Edward Vance, Mary A.
Kelley, Charles A. Wallace, Charles D.
BAILEY— In this city, November 11, 1901, Jen-
nie H.. beloved wite of Fred L. Bailey, and
mother of Maybelle L. Bailey, a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 41 years b months
and 23 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, Irom his late
residence, 713 Folsom street. Interment pri-
vate.
BORGSTROM— In Alameda, Jennie Borgstrom,
beloved mother of Fred Borgstrom, a native
of Sweden, aged 43 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the fune-
ral parlors of Smiley & Gallagher, 2325 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
BUSTIN— In San Rafael, Cal., November 9,
19U1, John T. Bustin, beloved husband of
Kate Bustin (nee Fitzgerald), father of John
T., Frank F. and Joseph S. Bustin, son of
Mrs. Mary A. Bustin, and brother of Frank
and Georgie Bustin.
(CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from his late residence on A
street, between Second and Third, thence to
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn hlgn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CASENAVE— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Marie Casenave, beloved wife of Antoine
Casenave, a native of France, aged 65 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, November 14, at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue.
COUGHLIN— In this city, November 10, 1901,
John Coughlln, beloved husband of Margaret
Coughlin, and father of Joseph Coughlin, a
native* of County Cork, Ireland, aged 68
yeais.
[E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1519 Seventh street, Oakland, thence
•to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi 3
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CULLMARY— In this city, November 10, 1901.
Scott Cullmary, a native of New York, aged
58 years.
DRlSCOLL— Departed this life November 11,
1901, Cornelius Edward, beloved husband of
Julia A. Driscoll, and father of Mary M.
Driscoll, a native of London, England, aged
72 years and 4 months.
in^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Moses, beloved husband of Barbara Driscoll,
and father of Stephen Driscoll, a native of
Tennessee, aged 74 years 11 months and IS
days.
EKBERG- In this city, November 9, 1901, Otto
M., beloved son of Anna Ekberg and the
late Peter G. EkberK, and brother of Peter
G. Ekberg Jr., a native of Chicago, 111.
E?"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city, November 11, 1901. at
St. Mary's Hospital, Mary, beloved wife of
Edward Farrell, a native of County West-
meath, Ireland, aged 50 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GROSSMANN— In this city, November 10, 1901,
Minnie, dearly beloved and only child of
Frank H. and Rosa Grossmann, a native of
Pan Francisco, a.ged 9 years 11 months and
13 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HALE — In Alameda, November 10, 1901, Fanny,
beloved wife of Charles E. Hale, and mother
of Florence, Mary L. and Robert T. Hale,
a native of Ohio, aged 57 years.
lT?"Funeral from the residence, 1838 Ala-
meda avenue, to-morrow (Wednesday), at
10.30 o'clock. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Funeral private.
HUBBMAN— In Concord, Cal., November 10,
1901, Fred, beloved husband of Augusta Hubb-
man, father of Mrs. Carrigran. and Theresa,
Annie, Joseph, Mary, Katie, John and Fred-
erick Hubbman, aged 65 years.
C?The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Todcs Santos'
Church, Concord, Cal.
HUNT— In Pomona. Cal., November 11, 1901.
Edward Hunt, father of Frederick X., James
E. and George J. Hunt, a native of Bury,
Lancaster, England, aged 57 years.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
KELLEY— In this city, November 10. 1901,
Charles A., beloved husband of Kittle Kelley.
and father of Charles and Arthur Kelley, a
native of Boston, aged 38 years and 29 days.
|T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 9G9 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crose
Cemetery by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KINNEAR— In Oakland, November 10, 1901,
John S., beloved husband of Emma Kinnear,
and father of Charles, Edith, Harriet and
Ethel Kinnear, a native of Halifax, Nova
Scctla, aged 50 years and 7 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his
.late residence, 1227 Chestnut street, Oakland.
Interment private.
LARGAN— In this city, November 10, 1901.
Maria, beloved wife of William Largan, and
loving mother of Lizzie and James Largan,
Mrs. George Spring and Mrs. Reck, a native
of city of Dublin, Ireland, aged 67 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 120 Wolfe street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MfcWILLIAMS— In Alameda. November 11, 1901,
Kate Dode McWilliams, dearly beloved
daughter of Kate and the late William Mc-
Wllllams, and beloved sister of Emma Mc-
Williams and Mrs. R. H. Countryman, a
native of San Francisco. (Vallejo papers
please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment private.
MORAN— In this city, November 11, 1901, at
the parents' residence, Ocean View, Violet.
Martha, beloved daughter of Thomas F. an<l
Lucinda Moran, sister of LUcinda. Thomas F.
and Ethel Rose Moran, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 4 days.
MUGAN— In this city, November 10, 1901, Mat-
thew Muean, a native of Ireland, atred 65
years.
PEASE— In Alameda. November 11, 1901, Car-
nott M. Peasse. beloved husband of Eliza J.
Pease, and father of C. C. Pease, a native o.
Ohio, aged 81 years 11 months and 11 days.
RABE— In Oakland, November 10, 1901, Lenora
A., beloved wife of Dr. B. A. Rabe, and
mother of Claude Emerson Rabe, a native of
California, aged 43 years and 20 days.
RAYMOND — In this city, November .10, 1901,
Eleanor Frances, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Annie Raymond, and loving sister
of Robert E., Romer, Annie, Willie, Harry,
Frank and Bessie Raymond and Mrs. Wil-
liam C. Buck, a native of Washington.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. 939% Howard street, thence to
St Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Crosß Cemetery.
RICE— In this city, November 9, 1901, Harry
Rice, son of Mrs. K. F. Lisdell, a native of
Oakland, aged 18 years 11 months and 17
days.
[C3r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices,
which will be held to-day (Tuesday), at 10:15
o'clock at the parlors of Halsted & Co., .946
MIFB-lon street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
RYHNER— In this city. November 11, 1901,
Magdalene Rhyner (nee Relchmuth), dearly
beloved wife of Charles Rhyner, sister of
Anthony Reichmuth. sister-in-law of Felix.
F. Xflvler and Joseph Rhyner, Mrs. Agatha
Kreuzer, Mrs. Mary Orsl, Mrs. Catharina
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. Calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailine.
S HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November U, 1901
6S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4, 190J
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
121 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT,. General A*ent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
PERU Nov. 141 COLOMBIA Dec. 7
PALENA .. v .. Nov. 23| TUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Roemer and Mrs. Josephine Wocker, aunt
of Mrs. C. Camenisch, Mrs. E. Scherer and
Miss Mathilda Kreuzer, a native of Schroyz,
Switzerland, aged 54 years 4 months and 20
days.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
November 14, at 7:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, corner Array and Folsom streets,
thence to St. Anthony' s Church, Army, near
Folsom street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHUEY— In Oakland, November 10, 1901. at
626 East Fourteenth street, Nancy Margaret,
¦wife of Robert M. Shuey, and mother of Mrs.
A. S. Mann, Mrs. S. C. Blaisdell, Mrs. A. S.
Sw.irts, J. A. Shuey and Dr. G. E. Shuey.
a native of Indiana, aged 76 years 1 month
and 4 days.
SMITHSON— In this city, November 10. 1901,
Robert, husband of the late Agnes Smithson,
and father of James Smithson, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged SO years.
ILrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
SOLOMON— In this city, November 10, 1901,
Robert H., beloved husband of Margaret
Solomon, and father of Searl, Sydney and
Walter Solomon, a native of Atlanta, Ga.
E7"The funeral will taKe place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WALLACE— In Fitchburg, Alameda County.
November 9, 1901, Charles D., beloved hus-
band of Mary Wallace, and father of Wil-
liam C. D. Wallace, a native of New York
City, aged 76 years 4 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street. San Francisco. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Members of
the Sons of the American Revolution and
the Veterans of the Mexican War also In-
vited.
VANCE— In this city, November 10, 1901, Mary
A. Vance, a native of Townsend, Mass., aged
69 years 6 months and 5 days.
ICFFriends are invited to attend the
funeral services to-day (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray & Co.,
641 Sacramento street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
<panahan Florist Co.
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. : .
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 25? 5056
i
Oil Struck at Shallow Depth. ?
DENVI&, Nov. 11.— A flow of oil ' has
been struck in a well at Debequea, Colo.,
at a depth of 200 feet. The presence of oil
at such shallow depth is regarded as an
' Indication that a great, oil field Is about to
be developed there. _ _ '
OCEAN TBAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
lfc^, ¦ . Wharf, San Francisco: '^ . "
|3?§fefcvs ¦ For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
gVM^ Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22. 27. Dec. 1.
| JSrjMZ<\B3 Change to company's steamers
I «H?s*«sVl a For Victoria. Vancouver <R
*»wSK3*Sl£3ll C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
If- Tacoma, Everett and . New
*-^^^B Whatcom ("Wash.)— a. m..
Nov 2 7 12 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at
sra #if sr «
BayW^b p. m., Nor.
"For San' Diego', stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz .Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota., Santa Barbara Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Corona, Saturdays.
Fo^Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain. the company
fr The "company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours or sailing,
without previous notice. ¦
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. I?. St N. CO,
Only Steamship lilno <«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland . to aH
points East. ¦ Through ticket* to all
points, all rail or stsnmsMo and rail, at
IjOTVEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
S. COLUMBIA Sails.. Nov. 14, 24, Dec. *. 14. 21
S. GEO. W. ELDER :..:
' .......SalU Nov. 9. 19. 29. Dec. 9
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Blontgm'y, S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
raw TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Paul '. Nov. 2 A St. Paul Dec. 11
Haverford .Nov. 27 St. Louis., Dec. IS
Philadelphia ....Dec. 4| Philadelphia ....Dec. 23
RED STAR LINE.
f«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Nov. 20 Friesland .......Dec. 11
Haverford Nov. 27 Southwark Dec. 18
•Zeeland Dec. 4 *.Vaderland Dec. 25
?Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery St..
A AAOnf 41 f? f? 6* A HAWAII, SAMOA,' NEVI , '
o(£MKB4w>. sagas
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday, Nov. 14, 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.Saturday, Nov. 23, 2 p. m.
B. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :
J.D.'sPamiilMsVcilV/eraVr&"A!imte.327 Harba^
J. D.SPHECKELS k BROS. CO., Smera. Agents. 327 Market St
Gen'S Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier 10. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. Tgg
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST, i
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. Argyll sails Saturday, De;. 7
8. S. Leelanaw sails ¦ -¦ ¦
S. 6. Argyll sails . .
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10,) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
• F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIS : generals TBANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^_
Sailing every Thursday instead of dS^TO
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 43, i>ra»gTrt*
North - River, foot of . Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre.- 145 and . upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S. 'NAVY YARD ANlf VALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTIOELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sim-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. .Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
I cents. . Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS: • -.-¦--¦• ¦
; ........... ~ . - .=. =
- BATLWAY TBAVEL. . [\
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausailt* F«rry.
Commencing September z*. 1901. • . ,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO HILL VALLEr
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:SS, 8:30,<»9:30, 11:00 a, m
•1:45 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, *«:15, 6:45 p. m. . *,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley , and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ' • .*,.•
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, •10:00, »ll:30 a. m., ¦"¦ *1 la
3:15 ••4:45.-' 6:30. 9:30 p. m. ."- ""'.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-*5:25,- 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, iou
a m.' »12:25, 2:15, •3:35,-4:40. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and a:55 p. m. '¦:. . .
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, *8:00. »10:00, *11:45 a m
•1:40, *3:15 4:45, *6:30 p. m. . >".#
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin ;
FROM* MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WE>EK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 1030 a? m."
12:35/2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. •-- ~*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. uue " ayluil
. SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m., 12:05 2-15 330
5:00, 6.45 p. m. . , ' , • • . •»».
THROUGH TRAINS. :
. 6:55 a. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. f •.'•-¦>*¦ " ' -• ¦¦¦ '¦ . ¦ .-- ¦ . : . • .
1:45 p. m, Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ \"
:.; 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. • ¦¦ . <-•
¦ BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !«••»*«• «¦•<« »r» «*•!«• i» <%rrl«* <%(
nan nunemr*,
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LSAtx — From JTovcmbjr 4. 1901. — iilivi
":OO a Beiiicia, Siiisun, Elmum and Sacra*
iu*jim>... 6:3-^?
7:00 a V»c»»Uio Winters. Kurasej ...:.... 7:33?
<3ua Martiiiex.^n Kkiiiod, Vallejo. N»i»,
l'i\li»togaainl 1t0i5......... 8:33
8:0 l» A DaiU, Woodland. ku>tsnui Lauding.
' MarysTillo, «>ro»i!le. , 7:3-1r
8:OOa AMauti.- Kxpress— and Kaat »:«Sa
M:4»« Niles, Ltthrop, Stockton . . ? . '. 7^3-'>p..
8:«O.\ Niles, Mendota. llanford. Via..'f»,
¦ - Porterriile... - 4;35p
8:30 a Shasja Express— DaTto, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Had
Bluff, Portland. 7:53*
¦ i3»a ,S»n . .lose, I.ivermorp, .Stockton,
lone, < Sacramento, PlaCftvllle,
.' M»rys? ill., t'hicn, llr.l KlufT 4:S.lp
AtSO* OakcUle, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... «>•»*
1»:O«a Ila;mtr<i. Nil. » »ud Way Stations.. 1 I :.13a
•:»« A Vallejo 12:25?
U:«O» Los Angeles Express — Marttnex,
* • .'Tracy. Lathrop. .Stockton, Jlercrti .
¦ •' Fresno anil Los Angeles 7:23r
0:30* Vallejo. Martinez anil Way Stations 7tM*
IO:O<>,1 The Overland Limited— Ogdeu. L'en-
rer, Omaha. Chicago , I»i23p
f I :iMlp .Sacramento KlterMiewnism tll:<>0?
8:3»F Harvard, Nil-* ftu.l Way .Station*.. 7:33 r
. 4<tf«r Iteuicla, Winter*, Sacramento.
Woodland, Kniklits Landing, .
• M»rrnvillr, Ororilla lO:3*A
4:OOr Martinet. Han lUmon. Taltejo. "
N:i|.u, t/'nllHtoK*. H>i»ta Itosa »iM*
4:OOp Nile», LiTcrmore, Stockton. L 011... i».a»p
4 >:i«>r Hay ward. Nik*, Han .low, liTtrmoro fS-'SSA
4:3t»p Port Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1»:*3 4
»:«»»pTtie Owl Limited- Fresno, Tulare.
JUkeraQelil. Hangiis for Santa liar.
uara, Los ancelea 8:33 a '
i O:OO» Martin' z. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Franco 12:23?
3:30p New Orleans Express— MendoEa.
Fresno, Bakersneid. Los Angeles,
Doming, El l'aso. . New Orleans
and East 7:33*
•:»Op Ha* ward. Nile* and San Jose 7>33*
|«:«llr Val lejo II :23 4
«iO«»r Oriental Mall- Og<leu, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 8:23 a
OtOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Dearer,
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:*3p
7:00 r Oregon ami California Ki|>rnna, Sao-
'-' ; ritiiirnt... Marjniill», Heil.llnif.
¦ 'ortlmi.l. l>M et Hom.tl ami Kask B>33a
St«.lr San Pablo, Fort Costa, Martiaez
and Way Stations 11:25*
t»IOSP V n,.j ?«33F
COAST liINE (Marrow tt| r«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Mils* Newark. San J«s«,*>ltoii. I ~*
Jii>i 1 1 tier Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations 5«3«»
t»il3r Newark, Center? illw. Sail Jose, Nnw
, . Alniailen, Falton, Hooltler (.'reek,
Santa, Cruz ami I'rlDclpal Way ¦
Stations IO«»«A
4t|.lp Newark, Han .lon*. Lob Oatog tS:3«A
aO.3ur Hunters' Train— San Joss and Way
Stations...: t*.— F
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIR msCISCO— fool of ifirket Street (Sis? 31—
17:15 9.00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:JO 8:13r.M.
'rtmOilUSO— ra«l •fflri«<iw»r.— t'l:UO £4:00 t3:05
10:00».m. 12:00 a.OO «:OQi'.M.
COAST LINE (Itroail liatiße).
(Thlr.lui.dTown»inl St».)
U:ll>a San Jcse and Way stations. ........ ««!I«F
7:0Oa San ,lnn«i»l \V»r .Stiitiunw l:»<»r
/7:»»A Nat? Alir.atlfii / -*:10p
ViOOa Han Jose. Trej linos. Santa Crux,
Paciilc Ur«?«, Salinas, San Lnis
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intenne'lUte Stations , 7sl3p
1Oi:iOa San Jcse and Way Stations. 4:l»p
1I:.H)a San .lone ami Way Stations s.;il»p
t«: ••">* San Mateo. It-.lwnoil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. H*n .l.we,
Treii Finos, Santa Crux, Salluas.
Monterey unit I'acilic (JroTu )H»:4.la
»iS»r Han Jose am! Way Stations. 6:.tWA
fl:l3r San Jo^ean.l Principal Way Stations »:15»
|3:00r San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
- - Way SUtlons t»:OO»
3t3op San Jose »ml Principal Way Station* 8:3«*
•>«Op Redwood. Han Jose, Gilroy Salinas,
• Santa, Barbara, Los Angeles lOjO3a
«t::tOp 9an Jose ami Wa» Station. fN:«M»*
all-.45r San .lone in. l War Statioiig .....,>.. 6:aop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
+ Sunday ezcepted. t Snnday only.
* a Saturday only. » / Tuetdays and Fridays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER! EL ft
LBSSHH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F*»t ml m—*o* A
San Francisco to an Wacael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11.-00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. <:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Ju
and 11:30 p. m. •> \
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. i.M.
. 5:00. 6:20 p. m. .
. :- San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 d. m. Saturdays— trips at l:si
and 6:35 i>. in. - •
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:4J|,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. .-.,,,
Leave I In Effect I < Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. [ San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination, i days. ) Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
; 3:30 pmf 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|lo:2sam
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Santa Roaa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor, 10 25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pro 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm I 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm I 6:20 pin
7:30 ami j . 10:40 am 10:25 am"
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm] - . 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am*
I ' and 1
6:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8.00 am [10:40 am ,10: 25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmj Sebaatopol. ] 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalj
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lterley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, • Usal. Willits. . LaytonvHle, Cummins.
Bells Springs. Harris. 'Olsen'i, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local
I Daily Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran) 7:20 a | 9:00 a 8: 00 p 4:20 p '
Ar. Stockton. 110:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p .
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 1> '
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. ¦ 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalla.... 3:39p 5:00 a ........
" Bakersfld. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ........
. " Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p |
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace . Sleeping Cars and ¦
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets ' are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 13:30
p. m. dally. " •
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. '. .
7:20 a., m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a, m. daily. ,#
Offices— 64l Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' - - . -
fIOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave ¦ - Via Sausalito Ferry i ¦ Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. j San Fran.
4;lo p. ¦ 11:30 a.i. i ' . . . 4:20 r. \o:oo r.
| l:15p. -*"* o *"*-*- 5:55 p.
¦-• . F«». in hn In Summit ml lUhirn. »1 90.
BckrtOOM, 421 1UXUT3TKIXX add SACbAUTO IX2IO.
f*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
¦»iH- gr: J» 629 KEABSYST. Established
¦BpJs«**ijmWi 1»54 for the treatment <>f I'rivHts
iM Ift mX """"¦"" '-" Man lie Mid. Debility or
HMfXCnißftftriispas* wearinsron body and mind and
SliEfiESSxSSkln DiseHscs. The Doctor cures when -
CWH&SJkI"^ others fall. Try bin. iharges low.
!\&iga-lfknr>» -unranlff (l. Cull or writ*
Hr. 3. W. WIBBOJI. aau -Francisco. Cat. - - ; .;.
WboHf Gall $1.00 DBF Year
112
VERY BAD DAY
FOR DIMMICK
Witness Says He Banked
Public Funds in His
Own Name.
No Testimony Offered for the
Defense and Argu
ment Begins.
Walter N. Dimmick, ex-chief clerk of
the Mint, had a bad day yesterday in the
United States District Court. The first
dark cloud was the appearance' of C/ M.
Hawkins, a merchant of Hollister. Mr.
Hawkins, it appears, had purchased bhie
stone irom the Mint, in payment I for
which he sent to the Mint a cneck for
Hj>4 <j2. ihe second cloud was the testi
mony of oeorge L.. Smitn ot ells, Fargo
tv to.'s Bank, to whom Dimmick on Oc
tober I€. li*x>, gave this very check for
5164 vi, having it credited to . nimself per
bonaily on the books of the bank.
Ihis evidence was introduced for th«
purpose of proving that Dimmick had
embezzled the sum mentioned. .. , .
Another important bit of evidence cor
roborating the testimony of Superintend
ent l^ach that Dimmick hud confessed
to him his guilt was furnished by W. K.
Oossup, paying teiler of the San Fran
cisco .National Bank. Mr. Gossup swore
that on February 19. I'-'jl, Dimmick pre
sented his personal check to the bank and
un \v therefrom 5133&. This was the very
sum that Dimmick pad on the same day
to Superintendent Leach to make good his
defalcation.
Ueprge D. Collins, counsel for the de
lendaiu, raised objection after objection
l« this evidence on the ground that it
was irrelevant and Immaterial and that
tiie roper foundation had not been laid
lor its introduction. Upon the objections
liting overruled by Judge de Haven and
i lk- evidence admitted Mr. Collins moved
to strike it out and the court granted the
motion. . .
No evidence for the defense was sub
roittod. .and to the surprise of the specta
tors Mr. Dimmick did not take the wit
nep^ and.
• Bert Schlesinger of special counsel for
the Government made the opening argu
ment for the prosecution. Mr. Collins will
reply for the defense this morning, and
ex-Judge S. C. Denson will close for the
Government
There is no other indictment pending
against Dimmick, but the incoming-
United States Grand Jury will be asked
to indict Dimmick for stealing $30,000 from
the Mint, the former indictment having
been Quashed on account of errors.
QUALIFIED ASPIRANTS
FOB HEALTH INSPECTOR
Civil Service Examiners Place Dr.
Chalmers Last on List of
Eligibles.
The Civil Service Commission has sent
to the Board of Health a certification of
the names and standings of the physi
cians who took the recent examination
for chief sanitary inspector of the De-
L-nt of Public Health. The order ot
the appointments is as follows: William
C. Hass.er, 723 Laguna street, 96.6; Alex
ander S. Keenan. b"l3 Octavia street, 95.5;
Frederick H. Stahle, 218 Fulton street,
Wiley L. Athey. 705 Sutter street.
William P. Chalmers, 1404 Pago
street, 52.7.
Dr. Chalmers, who is the last on tho
¦ the present chief sanitary in
spector.
Can Play "Belle of New York."
The threatened injunction suit against
the Pollard Juvenile Company to stop
their presentation of "The Belle of New
York" was settled yesterday. Sam Schu
bert of the Herald Square Theater, New
York, directed A. J. Pollard, business
manager of the company, to see Manager
George Lederer about securing the rights
for this country and arrangements were
accordingly made. Schubert has a com
pany on the road playing the piece, for
which he pays Lederer a royalty, but
thought his rights only held good as re
gards his own productions. Later on he
discovered that his contract gave him the
exclusive rights, hence the threatened in
junction. The Pollards and the Tivoli
management kept the wires busy yester
day and an amicable arrangement was
finally reached whereby the Australian
juveniles will continue to present the mu
sical comedy on their American tour.
Lost Sack of Gold.
D. W. Frischl, grocer. Eighteenth
street and Clara avenue, reported to the
police yesterday that on the morning of
November 4 some one stole a sack con
taining $30 in gold, which he had behind
his counter. He suspects a young man
who lives in the neighborhood and knew
where the money was kept. The young
man has disappeared since the loss of th^
sack.
BAT PIRATE ARRESTED.— James Phaw,
n -well-known bay pirate, was arrested yes
terday on a charge of burglary. He has been
stealing from the schooners Merchant and En
terprise, lying at the foot of Third .meet
He was discovered yesterday leaving the
Merchant and was chased and captured by
John Butler, who turned him over to the
police.
MINING COMPANIES SUED.— Charle* O
Rose of New York Instituted proceedings yes
terday In the United States Circuit Court
against the Sybil Mining Company, the Red
Company of California and others in the
French GuJch district in Shasta County to
fcwc'ofe a mortgage executed on June 4,
IS9B, and secured by $50,000 bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
IN OLD AGE th e question of health
" ****** becomes mainly a
question of nutrition. If the stomach
and other organs of digestion and nutri-
tion are kept in a healthful condition
there will be a well-nourished body, and
little liability to disorders of the liver,
bowels or such other disorders as may
result from in- m
nutrition and
lack of erer-
cise. A A
cures diseases juk B/l/
of the stomach 4-r ¦ Rfu
and other or- aBBMH
cr organ 6 which iflft JJcSttil
are caused by
the diseased
condition of the V
stomach. By fIE Wni
enabling the tQ B"*^i|
perfect nutri- II
body it increases the vital power and
promotes a vigorous old age.
¦ I was a sufferer from chronic diarrhea for five
years.' 1 writes Mrs. Mcry A. Aaron, of Rolla,
Phclps Co., Mo. "I tried different remedies
which would give me relief for a short time
only. My trouble would return as bad as ever.
I consulted you in Tuly. 1900, and by your advice
commenced using Dr. Pierces remedies. I took
two bottles of" the ' Golden Medical Discovery,'
three vials of the ' Pellets,* and some of the
¦ Extract, of Smart-Weed,' as you advised. I
have not had any return of my trouble since
using your medicines. Am now seventy-one
years old and I never had anything to relieve
»c so quick. I f jink Dr. Pierces medicines the
greatest on earth. Should I ever have any re-
turn of my trouble shall use your medicine.
My thanks to you for your, advice and thanks
to' Almighty God for restoring: me to health
through your hands." *
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "• just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets, the best
laxative for old people. They cure con-
stipation and biliousness. ;•„¦ > ;
FEDERAL PLUMS
IN CALIFORNIA
Removal of Lynch Only
Important Change
Probable.
Senator Bard May Not Come
Here Eefore He Goes to
Washington.
Senator Eard will probably go direct
from Southern California to Washington,
D. C. 11 was his intention two weeks ago
to visit San Francisco before leaving the
State for the national capital, but word
\i^ received yesterday that he had
changed his mind in this respect.
It is quite well understood that Senators
Bard and Perkins have agreed that a
change in the office of Collector of Inter
nal Revenue, First District of California,
is not only desirable, but is demanded.
Politicians say that the State administra
tion will take care of John C. Lynch in
the event of his removal from Federal of
fice. It is claimed by the "push" that
Governor Gage will appoint Lynch to the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners, to
succeed Herold. if Perkins and Bard taJce
the Collector's scalp.
Before the recent municipal election
Senator Perkins seemed to apprehend that
Lynch exerted great influence in directing
the vote of liquor men in general and the
brewers in particular, but that apprehen
sion vanished when the returns came in.
li is now obvious that Lynch's influence
was greatly ovei rated, because it was In
voked to the utmost limit to save Wells
from defeat. When Governor Gage pauses
to reflect that Lynch's appointment to the
Harbor Board would be construed as a
direct affront to thousands of Independent
anti-boss Republicans, he may decide to
look over the Held again before picking
out Herold"s successor.
Will Be Few Changes. \
Indications are that there will not be
many changes in the Federal office-hold
ing force. Collector Stratton was com
missioned for a term of four yeais, and
there is no thought of a, change in that
direction. Congressman Julius Kahn is
anxious that W. W. Montague should be
returned as Postmaster of San Francisco.
Superintendent Leach of thje United States
Mint is Senator Perkins' particular friend.
It is known that President McKinley's
fiiendsnip for Joseph Spear Jr., Surveyor
of Customs, was so sincere and outspoken
that the latter received personal assur
ance of reappointment. United States
Marshal Shine was pretty close to the
bosses in the recent campaign, but he is
probably sorry now and may endeavor
to get in closer touch with the better and
winning elements of the party. The re
moval of John C. Lynch was decided upon
immediately after the election of Sena
tor Bard. If State Senator Rowell could
have been persuaded to accept the posi
tion the change would then have been
made. Dr. Rowell, however, aimed
higher and expressed an inclination to
serve his country as United States Minis
ter to Japan.
All along the line one hears the talk
that the bosses intend to make one des
perate effort to overthrow the present
primary election law.
Primary Law Again.
A well-known and influential Republican
from the interior remarks:
"If the Supreme Court holds that this
primary law is unconstitutional, I shall
be in favor of calling a constitutional con
vention to make a constitution that will
give us a primary law."
If the primary law stands the Repub
licans of San Francisco will send repre
sentatives of the best citizens of the party
to the next State Convention. If the court
declares the law unconstitutional, the
bosses, having control of the county com
mittee and the State committee of the
party, may get together secretly in the
Palace Hotel or Herrin's office and put
up a list of delegates. Before that time
comes the public will get a true inside re
port of what recently took place in the
boss camp. When the business of nomi
nating a candidate for Mayor was on
hand as raw a proposition as referring the
matter in its entirety to Hearst was ac
cepted. Subsequently one of the bosses
made a great dissenting roar and the pro
gramme was reconsidered.
Ex-Assemblyman Webber of Napa
ought to come to San Francisco and ex
hibit in this city the gold brick which he
received from Govenor Gage. He has
been showing the prize package in sev
eral of the northern counties, and there
seems to be no good reason why it shouid
not be exhibited in the metropolis.
Off for Mexico.
The number of inquiries now being reg
istered at Southern Pacific ticket office
by applicants for berths on the second
annual holiday excursion to the City of
Mexico December 18 indicates that the
trip is going to prove a very popular one.
The old-time attractions of Mexico have
not been dimmed by contact with outer
civilization.
The Christmas season there is highly
colored by many brilliant and imposing
ceremonies, both civic and religious, con
tinuing for several days. No better op
portunity could be found for making a
trip to the southern republic.
MISS WADHAM WANTS
HER PBOPERTY BACK
'¦ Dr. W. Burgess Estes, Arrested for
Embezzlement, Threatens to Sue
His Own Mother.
Miss Bertha Wadham, daughter of Lu
man Wadham, 190j Leavenworth tetreet,
swore out a warrant in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Dr. \V.
Burgess Estes on the charge of misde
meanor embezzlement. She accuses him
of embezzling a lady's gold watch, silver
chain and two gold fobs, which she
loaned him "to flash" around with. lie
had been a guest at her father's house
for some months.
Estes was arrested yesterday afternoon
and declared that it was a case of spite
work on the part of Miss Wadham, be
cause he had not married her. He assert
ed that she had done everything in her
power to induce him to marry her, but
he had preferred Mrs, Collins, a divorced
woman, whom he married two weeks ago.
He says he has letters to prove that Miss
Wadham presented him with the articles,
which were now in the possession of his
assistant. Miss Wadham 2ad been in
sulting his wife, and all he wanted was
to be let alone, he said.
Estes declares that his mother and
others have conspired to ruin him be
cause of Ms marriage, and he intends to
bring suits for libel against her and his
other alleged defamers. Estes got into
trouble recently by passing worthless
checks on the Press Club, but his family
came to his rescue.
Nolan's Heirs Charge Fraud.
The heirs at law of James Nolan filed
an objection yesterday to the claim upon
the estate mad', by Mary Nojan in her
first annual report as administratrix of the
estate. The contested claims are for
moneys drawn from the estate by Mary
Nolan under an order of court, which
empowered her to draw $25 per montu
from the estate as a family allowance.
The heirs contest the payment of the al
lowance on the ground that the order of
the court was obtained by means of false
and fraudulent statements. The heirs
deny that Mary Nolan was ever the wife
of, James Nolan, the deceased, and that
therefore she has no claim upon the es
tate.
• ? . — ¦ —
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The following statement showing- the
condition of the McKinley memorial fund
was issued from the Mayor's office yester
; day:
Received tn-day— Abraham Lincoln Council
No. 2. $10; EschEcholtzia Club, $5; Dr. C. A.
Clinton. $10. From Morning Call: Cash 30
cents; Mrs. B. Best. SI; Charles Nelson Co.,
$25; total to-day, 5.", l B0; .previously reporter,
1 $.'<!, C?3 H; total to date. $26,734 61.
TR.IED A BUNKO DICE GAME— Bush
Gagus and William Haney were arrested by
Policemen Hegan and O'Connell yesterday
morning. They met a man named Wl'.ber
"VVilklns on Market street, opposite the Pal
ace Hotel, end took- him to the Old Tavern
saloon, corner of Ellis and Mason streets,
where they tried to bunko him out of his
, money In a dice game.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1901.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR FUNERAL OF LATE
CHIEF SULLIVAN ARE NOW COMPLETE
Many Friends and Societies of Which Deceased Was an Honored
Member Will Follow the Police Escort to the Cemetery — Board
of Supervisors Adjourns Out of Respect for the Dead Man
I WIDELY KNOWN POLICE OFFICER WHO IS PROMINENTLY MENTIONED AS THE PROBABLE SUCCESSOR
OF THE LATE WILLIAM P. SULLIVAN JR. AS CHIEF OF THE SAN FRANCISCO POLICE DEPARTMENT,
I WITH WHICH HE HAS LONG BEEN CONNECTED.
A FEELING of grloom pervaded the
Police Department yesterday,
and the expressions of sorrow
at the death of Chief Sullivan
were universal. Although the
fact that he was supposed to be dying
was published last Friday, the news of his
demise came as a great shock to the mem
bers of the force and his friends, who
clung: to the hope that his strong physical i
constitution might cheat the grim reaper I
of his prey.
Resolutions eulogizing the memory of
the late Police Chief Sullivan were adopt
ed by the Board of Supervisors yesterday
and the board adjourned out of respect
to the dead official. The resolutions ara
as follows:
Resolved. That we. the members of the
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, have heard with profound
sorrow of the untimely death of "William P.
Sullivan Jr.. Chief of Police, whose personal
virtues, fidelity to duty and consclentiutis ser
vice as a public officer have endeared him to
ue all; and as an expression of respect and
condolence, be it further
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors at
tend the obsequies of the late Chief of Police,
and that when this board adjourn it adjourn
out of respect to his memory, and that these
resolutions be entered in the journal and an
engrossed copy thereof be sent to his bereaved
family. •
The family has asked Captain Wittman,
acting chief, to take charge of all • the \
funeral arrangements, and yesterday
morning he issued the following circular:
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE,
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 11. 1901.
To the Officers and Members of the Police
Department— Gentlemen: It becomes my sad
and painful duty to Inform you of the death of
W. P. Sullivan Jr., Chief of Police, who de
parted this life at 1:30 a. m. this date.
By hla death the community has lost an
honored and upright citizen, this department a
painstaking and conscientious commander and
his bereaved relatives a dutiful son and a lov
ing and indulgent husband and father.
Let us hope that "He who tempers the wind
to the shorn lamb" will look down on them
with pity and compassion in this, their hour of
deep sorrow and desolation.
In respect to him It Is ordered that all sta- l
tlon houses be draped in mourning for a period
of thirty days and that the flags of the depart
ment be placed at half-mast until after the
funeral.
Orders for detail of funeral will follow later.
GEO. W. WITTMAN,
Captain and Acting Chief of Police.
Bright's Disease Caused Death.
An autopsy was performed at the resi
dence yesterday morning by Professor
Alonzo Taylor of the University of Cali
fornia, assisted by Drs. Louis Bazet and
James Gellwey. It showed that Bright's
disease was the cause of death. A pe
culiar condition of the sternum was dis
closed. The bone was honeycombed, and
there were effusions, to locate the cause
of which will require research.
Captain Seymour yesterday received the
following telegram from Robert A. Pin
kerton, New York:
With sincere regret I hear of the death of
Chief Sullivan. Please convey to his family my
deepest sympathy in their loss.
Seymour also received the following dis
patch from William Desmond, chief of de
tectives, St. Louis:
Am informed by Robert Plnkerton of the
death of Chief Sullivan. If report is true, please
extend to the family my sincere regrets.
The Police Commissioners will not meet
this evening, but will postpone their meet
ing for a week. The late Chief's portrait
and chair in the Commissioners' room
have been draped in mourning, under the
supervision of Sergeant Gleeson.
The following orders were issued last
evening by Captain and Acting Chief of
Police George W. Wittman: ,
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Nov. 11, 1901.
To Company Commanders:
The following will be the orders for the
funeral of the late Chief of Police, William
P. Sullivan Jr.:
The funeral will move fripm the late resi
dence, 209 Central avenue, at 9:45 a. m., No
vember 13, 1901, and will proceed thence on
WOMEN'S
WRAPPERS.
That's what we're going to sell to-day
—and lots of them,. too. Just received
from our factory a beautiful "line of
these -stylish and comfortable House
.Garments, all new and pretty patterns.
Following prices will move them quick:
C 7*» WOMEN'S FLANNEL WRAP-
0I Ui PERS - made of heavy flannel-
: .- ette; various pretty, and ef-
fective styles and , colorings, j in stripe*
and figures; fitted waist lining; excep-
tional value. , >¦ •¦
•CfIh> WOMEN 'S ; WRAPPERS, made
Quill of fine, quality; flannel; dainty
'¦• ¦ **" figures and stripes; fitted waist
lining; full skirt, with deep flounce;
prettily made; and trimmed; $1.00 value.
Qfln WRAPPERS, made of best
OaUi flannelette, in stripes and flg-
¦¦- w< ures; ; prettily trimmed with
braids; fitted waist lining; flounce bot-
tom; regular; price $1.25. ;:
'Q On" WRAPPERS, i made of • ¦ fine
Jl n!j .heavy flannelette, in pretty
, • ¦:. stripes and figures; daintily
trimmed and made; waist lined; full
skirt, with deep flounce; excellent
value at $1.50. • " ¦ •¦- : ¦-, : -
Cl in For WRAPPERS, made ;of
$1,111 best flannelette, in neat color-
7 ings; prettily ¦ made 5 ", and
trimmed; extra ; value at $1.75. "¦-¦'
C( A C !: WRAPPERS, made of Ger-'
OliT'Ji . man flannel; waist and
,« , sleeves lined; stylishly made
and trimmed; full skirt, with deen
flounce; sold elsewhere $2.25. , >s.\ «. "
01 Q C For EIDERDOWN WRAP-
O'iuJ PERS, in numerous designs,
including tucked yokes with
velvet trimmings, latest shoulder ef-
fects; something: entirely new; fitted
," r aist lining; regular $3.00 value.
CO Oil Large assortment of LA-
O&iOUi DIES 1 '? WOOL EIDER-
T; , DOWN - WRAPPERS, V in'
pretty designs; Eton effect; trimmed
with Venetian laces > and ; insertions;
similar wrappers sold elsewhere >nt $5.
Sizes of Wrappers on ; sale 32 to 46. . !
(g&A COUPLE OF BIG BARGAINS IN
WALKING SKIRTS.
CO 00 For WOMEN'S WALKING
OIiUU -, SKIRTS; : made of heavy
T - --' melton .r-. cloth; :-.'¦¦ new flare ¦
flounce, finished with many, rows of
fine- tailor stitching; all seams * ele-
gantly welted; would be good value at
$3.60. "> ;:¦¦: " ,;¦.' "•¦ :. - • ¦> .- ' ¦ ¦ -..
CO 710* For- HANDSOME . DRESS
Oi'TU SKIRTS, of fine cheviot ; or
seise; new ¦ flare effects;
with stitched taffeta >or • satin ; ' one sof
greatest values ever 'offered; well
jPlrth $5.50. .- - '- ¦ -. , .
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. \ ;
1212-1214 MARKET ST. r
. ' . Between Taylor and Jones.
Oak street to St. Agnes Church, on Masonic
avenue, near Oak street, where the services
will be held. After the services at the church
the funeral cortege will move east on Oak
fctrect in the following order:
Mounted police; First Regiment Band. N. G. C. ;
First Regiment. N. G. C. : Colonel T. F.
O'Niel commanding: field and line
officers of the League of the Cross Ca
dets; clergy; pallbearers; hearse; family of
deceased; Mayor Phelan; Police Com
missioners. Police Department in the follow
ing order: Company A, Lieutenants Birdsall
and Martin; Company B, Captain SpUlane;
Company C, Sergeants Mahoney and Cook;
Company D, Lieutenants Anderson and Price;
Society of Veteran Police Officers Retired-
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Society of PnUce
Department; city officials; friends.
The route of the cortege will be from Ma
sonic, avenue on Oak street to Baker, to Fell
to Scott, to Waller, to Stelner, to Sanchez!
to Seventeenth, to Guerrero and then to
Holy Cross Cemetery, where the intement
will take place.
The pall-bearers will be Dr. John Gallwey
and William A. Halsted, as friends of the
family; Captains John F. Seymour and A J
Dunlevy, representing the Police Department;
Co nnel J. F. Burgin, representing the Second
Brigade staff. N. G. C, and Colonel F. S
Cnadhourne, representing the retired staff N
G. C. ; Hon. J. S. Tobin. chairman Police
Committee of Board of Supervisors and tl T
Sullivan, Chief of the San Francisco Fire De
partment; J. E. Sullivan. Chief of Police of
Sacramento, and St. Clair Hodgkins. Chief of
Police of Oakland; J. D. Gall. Chief of Po
nce of Stockton, and J. A. Kldward. Chief of
Po cc of San Jose; Charles Elton, Chief of
Police of Los Angeles, and W. A. Pinkerton,
principal Plnkerton's National Detective
Agency.
The casket-bearers will be Pol'.ce Sergeants
Clarence Coogan, Henry Gleeson, John T
rl1 eJ ?L J £r hn »f V. Aye , 1 ?' Herbpr * J- Wright and
Charles H. McDonald.
Sergeants John Duncan and John T Fitz
henry will be color-bearers of the Police De
partment.
The mounted police will form on the north
line of Oak street, west of Masonic avenue
The First Regiment, N. O. C. will form fac
ing south on the north side of Oak street the
right resting opposite the west line of Ma
sonic avenue. The Police Department will
form facing south, right resting on the left
of the N. G. C. The societies on the left of
the Police Department. All to be in positions
to which assigned at 9:30 a. m. sharp Com
pany F. First Regiment, N. G. C, Ciptain
John F. Eggert commanding, will act as fir
ing company at the grave.
It is persistently rumored that Captain
of Police George W. Wittman will suc
ceed the late Chief of Police Sullivan
Leland Thanks His Friends.
To my many friends and my friends'
friends, heartiest thanks for their kind
support in the recent election.
THOMAS B. W. LELAND, Coroner. •
Two Men. Asphyxiated.
Juan Bias and an unknown man were
found asphyxiated in bed yesterday aft
ernoon in the New Pyrenee House, 1311
Stockton street, kept by P. Maysounave.
Bias and his companion took a room at
1 o'clock last Sunday night, paying a
week's rent in advance, and retired to
gether. The key of the gas-burner was
turned partly on, the gas pressure beln«
unusually low. Either one of the two
blew out the gas or left it burning low,
and a sudden decrease of pressure extin
guished the flame. There was nothing
found in their possession that would lead
to their identity. Their clothing Indicates
that they wer« laborers, and their ap
pearance is that of Central Americans or
Porto Ricans.
-¦- — — — — ¦ » ¦ — ¦ .
WANTED IN EUREKA.— Fred Wilson, rec
ond mate of the schooner Lottie Carson, was
arrested ¦ yesterday ¦on the ; arrival of the " ves
sel by ;.' Detectives : Egan and Freel. ¦ He Is
wanted ' in , Eureka '• on • a - charge of .' grand lar
ceny I" for ' stealing . a grip v containing , clothing
and a check for : $120 belonging to Andrew
Anderson. :;/;¦ : ¦ • • -. ,
They know you are a Judge of good whiskey
when ycu call for Jesse Moore at the bar. *
CHEYNEY SAYS
WORD IS FORGED
Mining Man Avers He Did
Not Write "Wiffle"
in Letter.
Epistle to Friend of Woman
Now Suing Him Shown
in Court.
Samuel W. Cheyney, the mining man,
who is being sued for maintenance by
Maud Cheyney, who claims to be his wife,
at one time thought a great deal of the
lady if the letters he wrote to her are
a truthful expression of his feelings.
Mrs. Cheyney offers in support of her
present at the time of the marriage ex
cept Cheyney and herself, and that the
ceremony was performed according to
Quaker rites, which provide for the utter
ance by the parties interested of certain
words and by both kneeling in silent
prayer.
Mrs. Cheyney offers in support of her
! claim a letter written to a .Miss Prown
i ing, a mutual friend, in whicn Cneyney
I reters to the plaintiff as his littie
"wiffle."
Cheyney claims that while the letter
] was written by him he never wrote
i the word "withe," and that the word he
| had written was "sufferer." The letter
was submitted to Judge Slosa for exam-
I ination yesterday.
Lilly 1. Roden is suing William H. Ro-
I den for a divorce on the ground of" deser
j tion. The couple were married in this
i city in August, 1873, and have three adult
i children, in the complaint filed by Mrs.
' : Roden yesterday she alleges that her hus
1 band deserted her in 1899. Mrs. Roden
| asks that the family residence at the cor
j ncr of Vallejo and Franklin streets be
given to her, and that pending the trial
j of the suit her husband be directed to
I pay her $150 monthly.
She also asks that the court direct the
I transfer to her of one-haJf the property
in the possession of her husband, which,
she claims, is valued at WO.OOO.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by James Redpath against Emma G.
, Redpath for desertion, Edwin S. Howard
I against Mamie Howard for desertion and
Maria E. St. Clair against Thomas J. St.
Clair for desertion.
Suits for divorce were granted yester
«day to Mary Wood from Samuel J. Wood
for desertion, Ida P. Vanderlip from W.
! Vanderlip for cruelty. Lulu B. Rounds
from William S. Rounds for desertion,
1 Eugenia A. McGowan from John W. Mc
| Gowan for intemperance, John Galindo
from Amelia Rea Galindo for desertion,
Carrie B. Brown from Harrison Brown
for failure to provide. Lauretta E. Allen
from Fred E. Allen for neglect and Au
gusta E. Moser from Charles Moser for
neglect.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday overruled the
demurrer of Mrs. Juliet Thall to the com
plaint for divorce filed by Samuel Thall.
The case will be heard next week. The
court also issued an order directing ThaU
to pay his wife alimony in the sum of $50
a month, pending adjudication of the
suit.
POLICE ARREST
TWO SUSPECTS
Supposed Slayers of Otto
Ekberg Are in the
City Prison.
By the arrest of two men named Riley
and McDonald last night the police bo
lieve they have the murderers of Otto Ek
berg, the non-union teamster who was
foully murdered at Third and Townser.J
streets Saturday evening. Riley answers
the description given of the murderer by
Mrs. Miller, who was the only eye-witness
to the bloody crime. McDonald, the po
lice claim, was with Riley when he strucn
the fatal blow. x
Since the commission of the brutal mur
der Captain Seymour has had Detectives
Tom Gibson and Hammill working on tho
case. Yesterday afternoon they found
the owner of the piece of gaspipe whica
was used by the assassin, and through the
information given by him they arrested
Riley. Shortly afterward the detectives
arrested McDonald at his home near the
vicinity of the murder and locked him up
in the "tanks."
When questioned about the murder tho
prisoners emphatically denied any connec
tion with the crime. Riley declared that
he was at his home when the unfortunate
teamster was struck down, but his state
ment is not corroborated by his mother.
She admitted to the detectives that her
son did not arrive home until unusually
late on the nignt of the murder.
From the evidence which they have in
their possession both Gibson and Ham
mill are satisfied that they have the men
who slayed Ekberg.
It Chances to Happen
This fall that our new pictures have the
little effects that the lovers of artistic
things have desired these many seasons.
We have just received large shipments of
them. Their prices illustrate the fact
that an abundance of good taste can do
as much as an abundance of money in
making a home beautiful. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Canvassing the Returns.
The official canvass of the returns of
votes cast at the last municipal electloa
was commenced yesterday by the Board
of Election Commissioners. Two dip
tricts, the Twenty-eighth and Twenty
ninth, were canvassed, and only a few
slight discrepancies between semi-official
and official returns were discovered. Late
in the afternoon the friends of Thomas
F. Eagan, candidate for Recorder on tho
Union Labor party ticket, were Jubilant
over a supposed gain of 61 votea. Ho
was credited on the tally sheet of the
Eleventh Precinct of the Twenty-ninth
District with 17 votes, when examination
showed that he was entitled to 78. An
examination of the semi-offlcial returns
showed that he was credited with tho
proper number, and his gain was wiped
out.
Impressions
Calendar
1902.
Bcautilvl, Practical,
Original. ........
Good When (he Year Is Done.
$122
Postpaid Anywhere.
'¦ *¦•*•¦ .
Elder and Shepard,
i 238 POST STREET.
POPULAR ARMY
MAN TO LEAVE
Major Carroll Mercer to
Get a Diplomatic
Mission.
Well-Known Officer Comes
of Distinguished An
cestry.
Major Carroll Mercer, who has been
stopping at the Palace, leaves for Wash
ington to-day, whence, it is rumored, he
is to be sent on an Important diplomatic
mission. Major Mercer comes of a dis
tinguished line of ancestry and has seen
active service at the capture of Santiago,
in Porto Rico and in the Philippine Isl
ands. Previous to his appointment to V -'W
unteer service at the outbreak; of tile
Spanish-American war he was a commis
sioned officer in the marine corps. Just
after his promotion to a lieutenancy he
was married to Miss Tunis, a young lady
prominent in Wasnington society, and re
signed to enjoy private life.
In I*9B he was given a captaincy In the
commissary department, lr. 1»!*9 he came
to San i< rancisco and acted aa purchasing
commissary under Colonel Baldwin. He
was then ordered to Manila, where he
took charge of the sales depot of the old
Department of the Pacific and Eighth
Army Corps. His work there was very
efficient and he was highly commended
by both Generals Otis and McArthur. In
January of the present year he again
came to California and was appointed
chief commissary of the discharge and
casual camps at the Presidio.
Major Mercer ia said to have been one
of the most popular officers in the serv
ice and is much liked by all whose good
fortune it has been to meet him. Hi 3
great-grandfather was an intimate friend
of Washington, and among the family
heirlooms are numerous letters from the
father of his country. Nine blood rela
tions have been Governors of Maryland
and scores of others have held positions
of great responsibility under the Govern
ment.
Major Mercer is himself a member of
the Cincinnati, the most exclusive society
in this country and the only one which
is recognized abroad. It was founded by
Washington and Lafayette and only com
missioned officers were eligible to mem
bership. At present only direct descend
ants of the original members are adn^£^
ted. Major Mercer was for several year»
a shipmate of the brother of Emma
Eames, who is now singing in San Fran
cisco. He leaves a multitude of club,
army and other friends behind him in
California.
Mme.L. Pilger, designer & maker of street
& evening gowns. 8 Kearay 3t.. upstairs.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
_^
SPECIAL
BARGAINS
100 LADIES' COLORED GOLF
SKIRTS, Value for 6 O 00
$3.00. Sale price. oZ— V
100 LADIES' BLACK AND COL-
. ORED GOLF SKIRTS, Take
for $4.50. Sale 0Q.50
price... ....... 00—
100 LADIES' BLACK DRESS
SKIRTS, trimmed with satin,
value for $4.00. 00,50
Sale price...... OZ!
Suits Made to Order— Perfect
Fit Guaranteed.
J. O'BRIEN & GO.
146 Market St. j
! For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK • v
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
aO BROADWAY. N. T.
STERLING DENTAL CO.
HIGH CLASS DENTISTRY.
fgS^HPamj Painless Extraction.
¦-" %QH Crown and Bridge Work*
Hi '1 f « Plates With Oar
lIS A W STBttLMQ
I J J| VACUUM
; Are Guaranteed a Perfect Fit.
Q7 llorkai Corner Sixth.
01 mdlUcli Over .Millinery Store,
[ r~x Rupture Cared, ;
ft A The celebrated California la- 1
ft' j- 1 •Jm Tenter, Dr. Pierce, dlacOTeredi
Zp^yTSß that the only remedy for Rap-/
\5 yJI tire is Electricity, and In per-^.
\ f^^Bf f* ting his wonderful Electr^v^
"iftil <I\ /!7i\Xf & Magnetic Truss and eatab-
' HRu'^l.tßW^ lishiog its sale throughout
f"^^**,ffi < jflflJßfr ' the world, he gave to suf-
S»\m^f^^PliS f from thisdangerotia
\ ¦ S m/f malady the relief and ae-
"^O«CTf«S^if eurity Tainly sought for
•*sMf&&Wr'' elsewhere. This renowned
•-^Vf^ , appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on th«
ruptured parta la quick and effective Cures
accomplished by its use are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured inTcstigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. I. 1 '
Address Magnetic Truss Co.. 1143 Broadway (near
26th St.), >'ew York, or 206 Post St. . SanTranctsco.
nM M '¦— \ PER MANENTL.T
! §~M M ,r m *^ CURED. No sur»ery
[Mi LJ M-~l+.^J, or delay. Names o£
I iO prominent - business men sent as - reference.
SCO cures in S. F. For particulars address
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. Call office.
¦
WEEKLY^ CALL
$1 per Year, \V^