around inside the tree so that he was quite
invisible, and there he blazed away
through the crack with his telescope rifle
as easily as from a porthole. He was a
deadly shot, too, that fellow: he killed
thirty-five or forty of our men and came
out himself with a whole skin.
The cause of that battle lay with a
bunch of outlaws. They were whites, but
they had acted in a way that would have
disgraced Indians. They had Jellied, mas
sacred thirty-five squaws, poor, helpless
things who were camped on Bear Creek.
So the bucks started on the warpath, no
blame to them, but they killed a lot of
good men instead of the outlaws. They
made for the first white man's house they
came to; It belonged to a man named Har
ris. It was a double-storied hewed house,
pretty good for thereabouts. Harris and
his wife and the little 2-year-old girl wera
at home. The woman, with the Judgment
that women have, tried to eet her hus
band to stay inside; but no. he was going
out to fight those thirty-five Indians. As
he opened the door they shot him down.
©V course. The same fire that killed him
wounded the little girl. Mrs. Harris picked
up the child in her left arm; a pistol was
grasped in the right hand. For two days
and nights that woman" stood off the In
dians from her home and her baby, and
was still standing them off when we ad
vanced and took up their attention. That's
the kind of stuff that women of the West
were made of in early days.
It was later on after much more trouble
that we returned to Big Bend and \u25a0 tried
to make a treaty. While we were camping
one night a friendly squaw stole through
the close trees and bushes to our camp
fire, and she warned us that attempt at a
treaty was in vain; but we persisted and
held our camp. The result was that nine
men were killed on guard and we had the
dickens of a time until Captain Ord was
relieved. Then we licked them, and in the
end the conquered Indians helped carry
our wounded to the hospital at' Port Or
ford, and. we conducted the Indians safely
to the reservation In tha Willamette Val
ley.
Presently a big Indian, a sulky looking
brute, came into the' camp with a paper,
which he handed to';' the --colonel. His
squaw was along with -him. When the
colonel looked at the paper he discovered
that it was a neatly made out death war
rant for the bearer. We never knew for
certain who made out that warrant and
the others that followed, but we always
supposed it was the old priest. Father da
Bmet, who was in the confidence of Spo
kane Gerry. At -any rate, none of tho
bearers knew the contents, but had evi
dently been given some fictitious explana
tion; of them \ by their chief, who had
picked- those he considered. the most easily
dispensed with. ..'• \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0'
No sooner had the colonel read the war
rant than hs . ordered us, his men who
When; we retreated from" Steptoes Butte
no one followed. : That was the' end of
that battle to those of us who escaped.
There was another end to. those whom the
red devils had captured. ; Sergeant Wil
liams was. put. to death— we never- knew
how, but wo supposed he was tortured
by being burned at the "stake. That was
the favorite ,method. Snichster, a Nor
wegian, was made to run the gauntlet by
swimming across the river while his tor
mentors stood : on the bank and fired at
him. Her was. a good swimmer and he
escaped. \
It was when Colonel Wright took hold
of -matters that- there: was a grand -set
tling. He said that the Indians woull
have to pay for a life with a life, and he
told old Spokane Gerry, the bif chief, so.
Spokane Gerry began to realize at last
that the colonel .meant business and he
went about seeing that the thing was
carried out, I for- the- colonel . informed, him
that he, would hold three families as host
age for every murder.
tain Taylor. We dug a grave there and
we buried' Taylor and three soldiers— the
others had fallen by the way— and near by
we burled two mountain howitzers; the
kind that are packed by. mules. There was
nothing else to 'do with them.
: Colcnel Stestoe was In charge of the ex
pedition that left Walla Walla on the 17th
I of Mav,|lSD8. an expedition of 150 men.
Part of 1 us under Lieutenant. \u25a0 Gaston
crossed [the Snake River In canoes and
swam our horses over. When we were
within two clays of Spokane River we met
forty or I fifty mounted Indians. .
"We have killed* two beeves," their
spokesman told us, "and the first beef was
for peace and the second beef was for
war."
That was what we had expected and we
were pleased enough. When we had rid
den a mile further we came to three or
four hundred, and they all wanted to fire.
We went right on and-paid no attention
to them at first; they followed along near
us, and when we had pitched camp, on the
lake they began in earnest. They kept
firing right into the camp all night and we
barelv held out. •
Early [in the morning we started out,
they- aft^r.us. We. got into a canyon; its
sides' were perpendicular and we looked up'
to see abo/ve a great row of savage faces.
They had us, had us tight, and they.didn't
mean to /waste;thelr opportunity. We were
penned in- like sheep and they were firing
as fast as they could load, straight into
us/ Lieutenant Gaston sent word to Step
toe that he had to have help; he couldn't
hold out any longer. - .
Word <:ame from Father d e . Smet : .''I
have dorje all I can; my resources are at
an'end." He was the old French priest
and a good man he was; he had a tre-'
mendoua influence over the Indians and he
had used it as far as possible to avert thii
massacri that they were attempting.;
Help from the colonel came in time to
prevent Its being carried out in full. With
a reinforcement we managed to make our
way out of the canyon and we stood off :
2000 Indians in the timber. We retreated
fighting ill the way to Steptoes Butte.
Our m;n.had fallen until there were
hardly, any left to report the battle. Lieu
tenant G aston was killed and so was Cap-
Lately I've had a taste of a new pro
fession. What do you think of taking uj>
a new profession at 66? I am In San Fran
cisco just now on a sort of vacation, and
the other day as I was sitting in the park
one of the art -students came along and
looked at me from all sides and kept
walking around me and looking at me,
and I asked him what the dickens was
the matter.
"Want to come to the studio and pose?"
he said.
So I'm an artist's model now. They're
not leaving that Job to the pretty *irii
nowadays. * •***»
It seems a wonder that I have dodged
bullets the way I have; f Seven wounds
are all, and most of them were slight. I
was struck by a spent ball several times,
and I call that getting off easy.
At the close of tne war, in '65, I went
back to Indian fighting, and .1 quit twelva
years later. I had enlisted when I was a
boy of 18. and I had kept on in the army
until I was getting toward middle age.
and I thought it was about time to quit.
So I drifted back to the mines and I've
been there ever since, except when I taka
it into my head to go off hunting for a
spell. . \u25a0'^"
I : rode with Pherldan; too, on "Sheri
dan's Ride." I was with him when h»
started, ar.d rode to where the army had
been demoralized by Early. -I've always
been proud that I -was, under Sheridan,
and I served under, a lot more big men
besides. There were Generals Stoneman,
Buford, Merritt. Pleasanton, Palmer. Mc-
Clellan, Burnside and Hooker. In Indian
warfare I served under Generals Crook
and Miles.
When it came to the real fighting It was
so hot and heavy that %e just fought
straight ahead, and we hardly knew what
we were doinj. I remember how w«
charged up against a stone wall and th«
rebs were behind It blazing away. They
had the best 7tird of a chance, but their
fire wa3 hoodooed. ; They couldn't hit on»
of us. Only, one horse got hurt.
were in waiting, ;to seize and hang this
man. I'll never forget the way that squaw
looked when : she saw her lord and master
- violently borne away. 'She. gave one wild
shriek, then she took a firm grasp of tho
spear she carried! It was a beautiful
•spear.-' so. remarkable that I had been
•looking at it all the'time. It was stained
a deep red, set with brilliant stones anil
' decorated about the handle with rare
feathers. She took a perfect at the
colonel and whizz went the spear. By
" dodging he got only a slight wound. The
•weapon shot past: him and stuck in tlie
tent. \u25a0
One after one Indians bearing death
.warrants filed in and were promptly
seized, much to their surprise. One after
"one we bumped them — strung them up,
you know. At one time we had thirty
five hanging to various trees, and the
. place has gone by the name of Hangmans
' Creek ever since. "Before we got througn
with the business we hanged as many
270 in different "camps. ,
Nevertheless Indian outbreaks were far
from finished when, the Civil War arose,
and I was sent off to the other side of the
continent. .
I can't name anywhere near all the bat
tles I was in between '61 and '65. There
was Antletam and the seven days' fight,
and McClellan's retreat and Chancellors
ville, and, worst of all, there was Gettys
burg.
;That was fighting for you. For twenty
three days while we -were in the Gettys
burg region .we never ,- -unsaddled our
horses. For twenty-three days we never
took our clothes oft. "We rode night
and day, with an- hour's stop now
and then to feed our horses or our
selves. Then "boots and saddles" would
be sounded and off we would go again.
"Vta had plenty to eat. but little enough
time to eat it. We had pork, coffee and
crackers, for rations. The crackers were
about >four~4nches square and we had
twelve of them a day. The horses had
plenty, of grain but no hay. -
IT took me twenty years pf hard fight
ing to live through 165 battles and
skirmishes. Those years are over now
— I'm glad enough of that — and there's
nothing left to tell the tale of them
except seven scars and my name — "Old
Trailer."
I've been Old Trailer so long that I have
to 6top and think and take a pull or two
et my pipe before I can remember my
other name, the or.e I got back in Massa
chusetts sixty-six years ago. It is Arthur
S. Kitchen— yes, that's it; but I don't
think much of it as a name. I never have
any particular use for it. Old Trailer's
good enough for me.
I sot that name 0:1 account of the Indian
•wars I've been through. There was a
plenty of them; counting skirmishes and
battles together it comes to an even sixty
eeven. I had more tights in the Civil War
— ninety-eiprht battles and skirmishes be
tween '61 und '65; but somehow they never
made fo much repression on me as the
Indian fights did. They weren't so horri
ble. 1 began Indian lighting- in 'Z2 and I
kept it up until '77, barring the four years
it took 10 put down the Kebs. So it's no
\u25a0wonder, is it, that 1 see Indians being
bumped now and then when I'm asleep,
and that I sometimes wa.ke yelling that
they're going to make me run the gaunt
let or burn me at the stake?
They never did either of those things to
me, but they came j:r£tty near it plenty
of times. I must have l:ad some kind of a
mascot that brought n-.e through all right.
I ocn't know what it was, but you can't
deny I've been lucky. . .
la '49 1 carre wtst from Boston, where
1 v.'as born. I'm a pioneer all right. I had
the gold lever and I came with the crowd,
but I never made much oui of mining.
Just enough to keep me honest, that's all.
I fooled around in the mining country
until '»3, then I enlisted in the. regular
ermy end west out to tackle the Indians
of the north. It was up there, all around
Oregon and, that country, that I was kept
busy with the reduMns.
My first fight was on Hungry Hill, near
Cow Creek, in Oregon. There thirty-five
of those good for nothing Indians defeated
600 American soldiers, and 133 of them
were regulars, too. It was lack of disci
pline that was responsible for the whole
trouble. I was a green one mfaself, .and J
can realize it Plainly enough now. I guest
a gcod manv of us were ashamed of thai
Hungry Hill defeat, but I lived to help
make up for It later on.
We regulars were under Captain A. J.
Smith ar.d Colonel Ross had charge of the
volunteers. The whole thing was a mix
up; a lot of raw recruits who had no idea
how to obey orders. The Indians were for
tified and had every advantage of posi
tion; we were away ahead in numbers, but
\u25a0we retreated In the end. a handful of
ecared and wounded men.
There were as many as four tribes rep
resented. The Rogue Rivers and the Ap
plegates (they got their name from Apple
gate Creek, were the fiercest. We realized
this fact In many following battles. They
were the most excitable, the ones that
stirred others to fighting, and they., -were
the most dangerous to meet
It was a horrible battle. There was that
little group of devils protected behind
their fortifications, dead sure of their own
cafety; we, a lot of greenhorns, hardly
knowing how to hold a rifle, not grasping
the fact that an order was to be obeyed,
ell out in the cpen field and as easily shot
down as ducks in the marsh— we fell 111*
Came before the good huntsman's aim.
I remember one half-breed, Venus, ha
was called; he bad himself ensconced In
a hollow pine tree that almost hid him.
He had crawled In through the smallest
kind of a crack, had twisted himself
Sunday
Call
Magasine
Section
HOW I CAME TO BEN
165
BATTLESa considerable distance before breaking
down."-
The small cajlber, of course, enables a
large number of rounds to be curried, but
this is of little advantage If the projectile
does not kill: moreover, to give the pieqt?
the same life it must be made thicker Hi
the barrel, consequently heavier, ar.d su
the advantage of the %mall caliber is neu
tralized. This refers to calibers below 7.5
millimeter, as compared with one of S
millimeter. Again, the S raUihncter pro^
jcctile (with the same muzzle velocity)
will be superior to the smaller calibers at
lpng range?, tccau.ee it will retain u
greater energy and will be leas affected
by air currents acting across the plane of
lire.
It may be possible, perhaps, to con3truct
guns of very small caliber (under 0.3 inch)
which will fulfill all requirements, but tho
present indications ore th,at the rifle of
the future will have at Ka3t a O.U13-inch
bore and probably yreatc;'. \u25a0
The question of-a practical sight h at
least aa important as that of caliber. Tha
sight should be very simple in construc
tion, admit of quick and certain adjust
ment for every range and of easy super
vision by the squad leaders, and possess
an extended field of view. Above all, U
should admit of quickly catching the tar
get, wlilch would indicate the open rtne
sight as the best. such, for example, as Is
used in sporting* rifles, where tl\o same
quality of quickly catching the target
comes into play.
Anotner requisite is a simple and rella
bW» range finder, since the best sight may
prove dead capital without it. Finally,
The surgeons of these wars are unani
mous in the opinion that these modern
projectiles are really as humane as was
reported when they were first adopted.
Even as early as the Graeco-Turkish war
Pr. Edmond Lardy reported that "our
small-arm projectiles did not arrest the
cavalry at all. and the infantry only very
inadequately." And Dr. Hildebranut, sur
geon in the Royal Prussian Infantry, re
ported in regard to the South African
war: "More than a third of the wounds,
unless the projectile strikes a nerve or
large, vessel (which Is rare), are so light
that the wounded are able to march on,
and even to continue to fire, while the
pain Is scarcely felt. In case of horses,
even wh.en fatally wounded, they can go
propelling agent which. will give a practi
cally constant pressure while the projec
tile is in the here.
It may be assumed as nulte certain that
in the near future the infantry arm will
utilise the force of r«coll to open, com
press and close the breech mechanism.
.Vntil the proper propelling agent Is
found, however, tt will be impossible to
construct a suitable Infantry arm of this
kind.
The question of caliber has also came
up again. The Spanish-American and the
South /African wars have sl;own that
small-aim projectiles of 0.?36, 0.276 and
0.303 inches diameter produce. In tho ma
jority, of cases, wounds which do not t put
the wounded out^ of cction even tem
porarily, not to speak of incapacitating
them for a war of any considerable dura
tion. '
INFANTRY ARM OF THE FUTURE
Tho small arm of the future will, there
fore, weigh about 7.15; pounds (without
bayonet), its caliber will be .815 to .3TJ
inch; it will have a bolt block, a movable
(but not detachable) magazine holding
five or sis rounds, a simple rinsr sight,
with an arrangement to prevent flrtng too
hish, and a p'.stol grip. The plates, bands,
etc., will be qf magnalium or some similar
light metal, and the bayonet a four-cor
rje-red dagger. '
Tliis U the weapon which the modern
authorities on tactics would *.ke to see in
the hands of the Infantry soldier, and ba
litve will be ere long. — New York Sun.
The tcU ami the movable (but not de
tachable) magazine will remain, as they
have proved their efficiency.
The baronet la atlll e3sentlal, but as It
has become a dasger In its use It will
have a shape to correspond.
All br.r.cls, etc., will probably be maJe
of aluminum alloys, such as magnallum,
to rcUuco the weisht.
there must be an arrangement "to prevent
tiring too high: it is much less important
to continually ratao the ballistic power cf
a firearm than it is to arrange it so that
the soldier is automatically compelled , to
tiro approximately right. : This matter haa
been referred to. by many high authorities
of late. The Belgian Lieutenant d'Aout
says: "Give the soldier as soon as possi
ble a gun which approximately points It
self." Lieutenant General Rohne of tho
Pvu?*ian army adds: "I consider it quite
pcs&lble to construct a rifle which can be
lited or.l,'\at elevations under 2 or 5 de
grees, civlng « maximum range of 1070
yards, and entirely preventing firing at
elevations now possible. Of course, this
is only for ordinary use: there must also
be a special arrangement to. admit of the
U3f of higher angUs," It Is believed that
ordinarily no range over 1750 yards will
be required, and the modern graduations
to 2190 yards art- of no practical use.
WHEN the present small-caliber
rifles were first intr-jdueed there
were many criticisms! on all aides,
but gradually ttae c/itica became
eilent and, the new weai.um was accepted;
•without further objection.; •
The outer form of- the various models
constructed between- 1S88. and 1889 Is ma
terially different from t-hat of earlier
types. Tho addition of a jacket or man
tle for the tube and the attachment of the
magazine, however, were not conducive
to a convenient, shape of the rifle, al
though a more convenient form is much
desired by the soldier.
In, tbe last decade it lias T^een found that
the outer jacket could bt> dispensed with
and the weight thereby considerably re
duced, at the same time giving the piece
a more manageable form.
Reduction of weight ha3 been the con-
Etant effort of the manufacturer and in
ventor of late years, and it is greatly de
sired for service. The present models vary
In weight from eight pounds to 9.02
pounds, the United States Krag-Jorgen
sen weighing 9.353 pounds. High authori
ties are of the opinion that it is not ask
ing too much of manufacturers to have
this weight reduced to 7.15 pounds, and it
Is believed that this will be the weight of
the Infantry riflo In the near future.
The objection that this will Increase the
shock of recoil too much will not hold, as
it can be overcome by finding a proper
propelling agent. The Vetterli gun (model
of 1S0S-81). weighing 1,0.14 pounds, had a
foitre of recoil of 1.2 metcr-kllograms, and
did not incommode tho J soldier. The
Mauser gun (model 1895), weighing 8.7
pounds, had a recoil of but 0.S5 meter-kllo
«rams. It IS oniy a question of findlne a
The chemistry building stands apart
from the quadrangle half way between
It and the museum. It Is 223 feet long, 72
feet wide and" three stories high. All the
working laboratpries have fireproof floors
and the building is a model for its pur
poses. An annex In, the rear for assay-
Ing is now in use. and the building will
be ready for occupancy about January 1,
at which time it is expected that all tha
buildings now in prqeess of erection, ex-.
cept the church, will be completed.
The most amaiilrig thing about this stu
pendous undertaking is that the buildings
are being erected from the university's
vast income, not a dollar of the endow
ment being disturbed. Mrs. Stanford is
naturally an:;lous to see the building
scheme completed during her lifetime,
and U ia understood work will be
gin next summer on the remaining build
ings of the outer quadrangle.
gle arcades, until the place seems a mazo
of pillars and arches.
The two one-story buildings in courts
of erection at the ends of the outer quad
rangle are each 75x50 feet.
The. history building has a frontage of
120 feet and a depth of 50 feet, and tho
physics building, at the other corner of
the quadrangle, has the same dimensions.
All of these buildings are two stories high
and project over the arcade running the
length of the quadrangle. Arcades at
either side of the memorial arch and at
the ends connect with the inner quadran-
The geolcgy building has a frontage, of
120 'feet, and a depth .of 75 feet. The
zoology and physiology building's frcnt
p.sre is 200 feet, and Ha depth 100 feet.
It has a large exhibition hall, 100 feet
etiuare, the first lloor with a fire-proof
floor of expanded metal.
The Thomas W'elton Stanford Library
was built of a legacy— $300,000— which Sen
ator Stanford gave his brother, the Aus
tralian .millionaire, and which was given
back by the brother to the university for
the library building. Practically the en
tire amount was spent on the building.
before tho opening of the university.' The
Assembly Hall, completed now two years
past, haa a frontage of 108 feet. It has a
seating capacity of 1700, and 2000 people
can easily be accommodated in it.
At the eivi cvi the arch is the figure of
a missionary preaching to a group, and
the cross emerges from the ruins of the
She intrusts the torch to /..Colurn'mfs,
who, oppoted by" the spirit of medievaN
ism, tears the veil frorn America. Pizarro
and Cortcz now appear, mounted, tearing
down the idolatry of ancient America and
preparing the way for Christianity. The
corner of the arch Is decorated with the
chief Aatec divinity. '
The central figure of the front of the
frieze Is Civ$lUation^-the beginning and
the end of the procession. In her the
frieze has Its motif and Inspiration, and
in her the story, culminates at last. In
her right hand she nolds. her' torch. At
her back are CuHura, Meditation ' and
Amnesty, while the- Genius' of Civilization
t nke? the torch ,:j rom her hand. , ' Next Is
Providence, and :.;beh|nd her the gocldes?
of past ahdth'J'coddesg of future evftnjta"
—the Postverta ; 'anfj the' '•' AnfeVerta— and
at her feeV Are the ccrnucopla and tho.,
globe. '-'"• V .. '\u25a0\u25a0[:: ' '.;/-. "* >') -\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 . £•
The memorial arch ranks as the'great
est monument of Us kind in America and
is a worthy rival of the great Arc de
Tricmphe. It Js a hundred, feet high,
eighty-five feet wide and thirtjvsix feet
in depth'. The epehln? is sixty-four feet
high" and forty-four feet- wtdo. -
The frieze surrounu.ng the arch, which
has just been completed, i*t one of the
greatest achievements in modern sculp
ture. It was designed by St. Oaudena
a:id ihe modeling and carvinir was done
b.,* riupert Bchmid, Its. colossal figures,
cf which there are roorp than a hundred,
arc about twelve i.'eet high, and they
stand out in deep bas-relief, presenting
exactly the contour of statue?. The pro
cession of figures represents the "Pro
gress of Civilization." - . .
buildings gtjU unasslcned at either end of
the quadrangle ami stretching back -to
the center of the ends of; the quadrangle-
Along the front of th,e connected build"
}ngs of the outer quadrangle is|a continu
ous arcade, 8P4 feet in lengtli/ The old
quadrangle, which will be inclosed within
this imposing array, is itself composed of
twelve buildings inclosing a paved court
CSU feet long and 2<G feet wide.
The- new buildings^ are mainly the parts
of the outer quadnyigjc,-. In the center,
facins the drive. from» 1-'alo Alto, is the
memorial arch. East of" It i is the assembly
hall, and the Thomas "VVelton Stanford
Library stands^ next; To- the west is the
"geology building and; nest to It the
zoology and physiology, b'uildinga, both
Hearing completion. At the corner of. the
quadrangle and stretching back along the
side is the physics build' ng, while tha
history building-, occupies; t, ha correspond
ing space at tho opposite . corner. The
-walls of these- are. up., as* alao of tivp
tures, nxodclod on. the California
missions, and the lonff vjstas ov T their ar
cades became familiar- to all traders, of
nic&.izm>zs. In the past three yeatjs a
triussforroation has taken nlactv- on ' the
Stanford campus. Xow building? \iave
rronc; vp following one, another in; surpris
ing rsxuWty-rbuitdings' that: tit- into the
general jjcheme perfectly and that compel
the commodious structures of t id inner
quadrang^Vi to surrender their pi oud .His-*,
tinctlon in American architecture ;
» The buik/lus of- the cuter qu adrans'o
was; begun tn July, 1S9S, and las pro
gressed wiih so little fuss and Ifeatbers
that the publii; knows almost nothing of
the rapidly- ' changing environment *it
Stanford, and ...oven people, who have not
been upon, the- campus within ; tke pasj
year stand dusrfi mmied n\"W in , the pres
ence of the glory of the nevr stvV'^ures. .
California ow«s its debt :\>r thi archi
tectural beauty of the Stanford University
buildings to Sh.t>ley. Rutan & jCooUdge,
the successors: to G. R. RSc hai dson, the
famous Boston, a rchiiect.
The great stretoh of wide= cr>rrldore<J
buildings, sharply outlined ngainst tha
background of the i.Jaxita Crua -iLinge, pre
sents- a picture the '.Vauty af \u25a0*VjJch never
fades from the mjm.L The 'jolor schema
Is not equaled in the fvorld-buff of sand
stone buildings a^itJ"'-dt.»-'P red. of tiled roofs
against the green of? Aiwr.s and foothills
and. the indigo blue of- the background of
in<;un£alns.
T.BN" years ago Staufoi i University
open-id, Its doors to students. Much
was written about Us U;0iQ.ue bwiW
ings> aad those hands* >m.e Stric-
The march of the industries continues
across the portion of the frieze around
the other end of the arch. Here Is elec
tricity, steam, science, knowledge, philo
sophy, with the mirror of Introspection,
medicine, , metaphysics, and mathematics
with, her compass.
Coming to the front of the arch again,
as the procession approaches the central
figure there are depicted event3 In the his
tory: of California. Titans hold up the
mountains which, the railway ' enters.
Equestrian figures* and workmen cfeaving
the rocks are. followed by the locomotive
and the genius of engineering controls the
work. Civilisation, the central figure,
poir.ta to. the accomplished* task and re
wards it through her genius.
The Leland Stanford, Memorial Church
is the most Imposing- building on the cam-
PU3 and when completed will be the finest
Church, i« the West. Its total height is
1J5.. fe^t. vT6 the second gallery it is 100
feet fi!sjfi : > The spire will accoromodate
;the great clcc'c and chimes. There are
two gaileriea, one in each transept. The
organ, 1 , heard with so much pleasure dur
ing the Epworth League convention, is
being placed In the front gable nave.
The interior of the church Is sandstone
most beautifully carved, and mosaics
and stained glaas windows by Lamb and
Tiffany, reproducing the great paintings
of the .Vatican, will complete the interior
tleeoraticn. The church is the central
bulldir.g of the rear part of the inner
quadrangle, and the only one not built
•
temple. Liberty protecting religion and
the Pilgrims landing- at Plymouth Rock
follow. At the earner of the frieze is \Vis
dom.
The rear of the frieze, that portion fac
ing the inner quadrangle, bears a proces
sion of figures representing the thirteen
States, each carrying a shield and all led
by Washington, accompanied by two gen
crals. Columbia la the central figure of
this side of the frieze. Abundance points
tho way westward. Three mounted graz
ers and cattle, by their side the god Pan,
Cere*, accompanied by mowers and reap
ers and plowmen, and an allegorical fig
ure representing mining, complete this
Bide of the frieze, -
MONUMENTS OF ART AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
THE SUNDAY CALL..
2Velvet is, .to be . worn . a great, deal' in
hats, but a soft French felt is more fash
ionable and consequently more expensive.
The jvery . soft, -limp felt, is decidedly
gcarco'here as it 1h all imported directly
from Paris. The stiff . ones fail to look
The only trimming on it-is some extra
long Sweeping black and white aigrettes.
It takes about ten of them to make any
kind <if a showing where they are used as
the only trimming. They sweep from one
side across to the other, where a few. of
them 'are lightly tacked so as to hold
them In place. The only other touch of
color is added by a capsion which hides
the rough ends of the aigrettes. It is an
exceedingly simple hat, but- very, very
swagger looking. , -- . •
sion there are about one hundred rhine
stones, and as they are set Individually
in white metal, what luster they havens
shown to the best advantage!
The |rhlnestones make a pretty contrast
against the hair. Somebody said that the
pompadour was going out, but with the
hats Off the face they are more stylish
than ever. The* head of the Emporium
hair-dressing parlors -says that the hair
is not J popular low, but these hats demand
that-the snace at the back of the neck be
filled, j for the hats are off the face and
the broad brim at the back gives an ex
ceedingly awkward appearance.
Black and white still continue to be
fashionable, and when was it not con
sidered swell looking? One of Madame
Pouyanne*s.hats is of the two colors. The
entire hat is made of ribbon about an inch
wide. Each piece is put on slightly gath
ered, and increases until the wide : brim
is reached. The llnlH" is the same, so the
gathered effect is carried, out in the en
tire hat. . -
Posed by Belle Thome, Orpheum.
Hair Dressing, Emporium Parlors.
Hats, Mrs. Gage, 807 Sutter Street.
Photos by/ Allsky.
But the trouble with both of these hats
is that they require handsome gowns. An
ordinarily pretty frock would look very
common, and the hat Itself would • lose
some of its exquisite daintiness.
An old favorite, the Napoleon, has re
turned with Increased vigor. They are
here in every conceivable color, but the
prettiest are of blue. When the brim la
is made of chenille appliqued with span
gles a eplendid effect Is produced. The
crown is ordinarily made of blue tulle.
To supply a contrast the brim is outlined
with black velvet, and there Is a large
black velvet rosette with a capsion on tha
very front. This- Napoleon, by the way,
Is new in one respect. It has only four
Another evening creation is made of
white tulle. To relieve the* monotony of
the soft stuff, white chenille alternates
In the tiny rows and lends a little stiff
ness. It is lined with black panne velvet.
One side rails completely over the. crown
and fastens in the center of it with a
large rhinestone capsion. A yard and a
quarter white plume leaves Its hiding
place from under the roll and circling the
brim takes refuge on the opposite side.
It Is a most curious hat to pick up and
glance at casually. Which Is the front
and which is the. bs.ck is a question in
one's mind. Naturally the black roll Is
selected as the back. Just because it turns
up so suddenly, but in reality that is the
Bide, The feather is supposed to fall over
and soften the face, and It fullfills its part
of the contract.
The pattern hats are very apt to look
a wee bit theatrical, but extremely'at
tractive withal. A very beautiful even-
Ing hat is made of blue panne velvet.
Just a large frame draped entirely with
the panne, and a large full feather that
measures a yard and three-quarters laid
softly about the brim. There isn't an
other thing on it, not a buckle, nor ey»n
a pin; in fact, the feather Is its cnlef
beauty, and anything would detract from
it. Paris says it is a typical Florodora
hat, and Paris certainly ought to know.
bound to look swell. Small hats are sim
ply non est.
- These pompons are going to be extremely
fashionable, and probably very much run
into the ground in consequence. The os
trich ones are by far the prettiest and
the best, but there are others made in a
variety" of material. Black and white
mixed, or either one color or the other,
are in the lead. On plain felt walking
hats taffeta is used in what we used to
call a rosette, but the edges are frayed
a trifle and the silk falls in a free fashion.
Brown is going to be used somewhat in
millinery. One of the Paris models is a
large brown shape turned up. on one side.
The entire crown of the hat is covered
with a large bird." The lining is made of
the ' new ostrich ..trimming. It resembles
tiny ostrich feathers— just the smallest
imaginable ones. In reality the trim
ming comes by the yard and Is - a little
over an inch wide. The other colors, pink
and a .pale castor, are used -as -a drape,
and where the hat rests on the head is a
large crushed bow. of the old-fashioned
Persian ribbon.
Each and every hat that bears the real
Parisian stamp is well worth giving
minute attention. It is a mystery how
so; many, . many hats can be turned, out
and not. one of them' look the. least- bit
like any other. It certainly is an art, and
Paris has quite perfected it,'
Lace, by the way, seems to be used very
little excepting .when it is combined with
fur. The other soft trimmings are either
chiffon or tulle, and both are very per
ishable. : Taffeta is not as soft oF as
graceful, and fails utterly on a swagger
hat. Panne, felt and feathers are just
about the proper thing, but the way they
are put together makes all the difference
in the world.
Silver tinsel appliqued on black velvet
makes a showy hat. A round brim liber
ally covered with the glittering stuff "looks
well with any kind of an evening gown,
and any afternoon frock, in fact. One of
the new soft, fluffy pompons is added to
give height.
gray tulle. There is fold upon fold alter
nating, one black velvet and the next
gray tulle. The frame is perfectly round
and the rows follow one. another until
they suddenly commence on baby tabs
that rest over the back of the hair. The
facing of the hat is black velvet, and it
is covered with real Arabian lace. The ef
fect is very lovely and one greatly appre
ciated by everybody, but particularly by
lovers of beau:iful and rare lace.
PARIS has sent over her semi-annual
load of bandboxes.
Have you seen' what is in them?
If you haven't it i3 about time that
you did. for most hats are com
mencing to look like the last rose, of sum
mer, and somehow, faded headgear Is. not
conducive to comfort;
But the winter hats! They are simply
dreams, that is all there is about it.
Quite the loveliest things you ever saw.
And, really, most everything seems to
be fashionable as long as It' is not small.
But that is an unpardonable error. Get
a cartwheel, put a feather, a few ai
grettes or a pompon on it, and it is
corners, whereas those used in the time
of his august majesty had five.
Meet of the new hats turn off the face.
The Xapoleon"'turns off abruptly, the Flo
irodora at an angle of about forty-five de
grees, and a Louise Pujol rolls gently^
But none of them, even the very best,
make any pretense at shading the Jeyes.
And by the way, perhaps you do not
know what- a capsion is. It is a French
ornament, and a very fetching- one at
that. To be exact, it looks like a ball of
diamonds. One half the ball is tucked
under the trimming, but the other half
makes up for lost time by glimmering and
sparkling for all it is worth. In each cap-
the same, but there are two very good
substitutes. One is a heavy broadcloth
stitched, and the other is called "scratch
felt." It is more woolly and is made over
a frame. Chenille is run through it at
regular intervals, and trie soft wires give
it a litt-.e support.
One reason of its sudden popularity Is
that it does not spot like velvet,, and it
can be turned and twisted and yet look
as well^as ever.
Fur and lace seem to be popular, but the
two are not combined alone. A' brown fur
is made up with ecru lace and baby pink
roses. The flowers rest against the fur
and the lace falls gracefully over the
combined two.
\u25a0 A smart hat is one of black velvet and
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
3
THE LATEST PARISIAN HATSEvery one who read "The Vialta of
Elizabeth" last year will wish to read
"The Letters of Her Mother to Eliza
beth" that has Just been published by
John Lane, New York. Elizabeth waa
delightful— an ingenuous ' grlrl of 17 who
described through the medium of letters
her adventures while visiting with rela-
More Letters.
Of the changes and growth of the pres
ent volume over tho first, the following
taken from the preface will givo an idea*
"Th© results of thp revision and enlarge!
ment of 'Who's Who In America' are
now placed before the reader In the pres
ent book. As to the enlargement, the in
creaso in the number of biographical
pagea from 827 in the first to 12S0 in tho
present edition, and of names from S602
in 1899 to 11,661 'in 1901, bears sufficient
testimony. Of the 8603 names In the old
edition, 752 hava been omitted from tho
preeent one. Of these 493 are known to
hava died, and their names are recorded In
the Necrology of tho present volume.
Among the other 235 who havo been
dropped are come who were included !n
the first edition solely because they then
Any one who has had a copy of the first
"Who's Who in America?" has by this
time fully realized Its value and will wel
come the new edition of 1901-02. The first
edition was published to cover 1899-1900,
and met with such success that its editor,
John W, Leonard, and publishers, A. N.
Marquis & Co.. Chicago, have used the
experience of their first attempt to ad
vantage, and in this second edition pro
duced even a better book. "Who's Who?"
for 1901-02 carries out the scheme of the
first edition inasmuch that it is In every
way "A Biographical Dictionary of Nota
ble Living Men and Women of the United
States." One of those whose names go to
make up the^ work has in a letter to Mr.
Leonard described the quality of matter
in a nutshell— "Careful, accurate; no bou
quets, no bricks." Of course, In a work
covering a field of 76,000,000 of people some
names that should bo there are bound to
be omitted for some cause or other, but
for all practical purposes the book is In
valuable for .ill who read or write It la
undoubtedly the best of ite kind that we
have in America; in fact, it contains mat
ter that you can find nowhere else.
The scheme of the work Is this: You
wish to get facts and figures about some
living person of prominence. The boolt la
no index but turn directly to the person's
name and there you have all there is to
know about him; his full name, his par
ents' names, his age, occupations of the
past and present, and where he was born-
If an author, you find a list of the books
he has written; In nearly every case the
address is also given.
Who's Who in America.
When he leads his band he is happy— he
feels that he is master. He spreads out
his arms and starts with the opening bars
of the overture. As the brasses and the
drums and the cymbals and the reeds take
up their parts he looks toward them and
commands them to begin. The music
swells on a wailing crescendo, and Crea
tore himself is transformed into a wailing
crescendo, swaying to and fro with the
rhythm. On, on, upward— ever upward he
goes with the music until the high level
ground of his purpose is reached, and
then, amid a deafening volume of crash
ing chords and harmonies, Creatore, the
dirty Neapolitan urchin, the soldier of
fortune, an outcast from the society of
men because he is a lover of music,
speeds swiftly along, happy, singing into
the mouth of his horn.
The world and things mundane are all
beneath— forgotten. His soul is trans
formed by the music he commands. The
men behind the horns answer to his every
toucn and spring to their work with all
the fire of their nature. The ensemble is
deafening, the climax is reached, the last
chord is sounded and Creatore, the man,
comes back to earth.
Generally he is exhausted; sometimes"he
faints, for Creatore leads with his whole
soul. If the music glides his hand glides;
If the music is tremolo his whole body
quivers, while his baton never misses a
beat; if the music is dignified and slow,
he stands up majestically, and his tall
figure and long arms sway rigidly. But it
is In a grand finale that the gyrations are
the wildest. With the beating cymbals
and the flare of the brasses the white suit
of the leader flashes from one side of the
platform to the other. His black pompa
dour flies madly In the air; his arms beat
out with violence and precision. A trained
athlete does not endure a greater strain
than does Creatore when he leads his
band.
True, the boy did not know one note
from another.' The mysteries of harmony,
counterpoint and thorough bass were un
known to him. but he could play well the
music he had heard. "What astonished the
leader most was the passion with which
he played even the simplest things.
"There's promise in the boy," he said
at last, "and if he will work I'll make a
musician of him."
The boy did work. His trombone was
his only passion. Instead of playing with
wagons and toys be nursed his instrument
as if it were a baby. The hidden mys
teries of music were revealed to this boy
by one of the masters. It was the oppor
tunity that comes onoe in a lifetime to
very few, and although the boy did not
know its value he took advantage of it
and studied hard. • A year or so later
Naples was astonished to s?e a 12-year
old trombone player in the best orchestra
in the country, playing solos from the
top of a box, for he was too small to
reach up to the music rack.
Such was the early life of Giuseppe
Creatore.
Creatore is a trvie soldier of fortune. lie
goes where the winds drive him, and the
money he earns goes, too. When he land
ed in America iie was "broke," but money
matters never worry him. He never
dreams of making a fortune. His whole
mind is wrapped i:p in making music. .
But he cares no more 'for his audience
than he does for the baton he breaks
every night. He knows nothing eise but
the history and literature of music, the
bounds of his instruments and the mes
sage his music conveys.
IUSEPPE CREATORE is said to be
/ / a genius. He is leader of the Royal
I l^r Italian Band, coming here to the
VJjt Alhambra Theater, and he Is one
V, of the most remarkable trombone
soloists that ever struck America.
Creatore is a born musician. He has
h«»en playing tho trombone since he was a
ragged little urchin running wild on the
streets of Naples. One day an old gen
tleman In passing along heard him plav.
It was a simple little Italian melody, but
it was enough to show the old gentleman
that the lad had exceptional merit.
Forthwith he took him to Signor Man
tello, the famous leader of the Neapolitan
Marine Band, in organization as well re
garded in Naples _as the Boston Sympho
ny is in America. The leader laughed at
the idea of a bareheaded, sunburned, dir
ty street urchin being able to play a
trombone, but the old gentleman was his
friend and to please him the leader con
sented to give the lad a hearing.
Giuseppe (reatore, Leader of the Royaf Mrafian Band
tives in Kngland and in France. The
great charm of the first book was seeing
the world as it appeared to the eyes of a
young girl. This second volume, of
course, runs the risk that falls upon all
"second books" or "sequels." The mother,
is not nearly as interesting as Elizabeth,
and It must be said that the only pleasure
in reading her tetters is the satisfying
of one's curiosity as to just what kind of
a woman Elizabeth's mother could be. In
this way the interest comes rather by
reflection. The book would appeal to no
one v.ho had not already made the ac
quaintance of Elizabeth.
Awful!
"Go about your business with modesty
and dignity, but with an erect ta.il and a
sure purpose of doing it well." '
"Worse!
This Is not half of th» "laws," but I
feel too discouraged to cite any more.
I trust Messrs. Elder & Shepard's
friends will intercede and ask them to
buy another 'Bartletfe, or something of
the sort, and take a fresh Btart. If they
must have leaflets to give away -with
their pound of literary tea to make the
tea "go," at least let them, print some
thing worth reading. There is still plenty
of -good copy that they can get without
cost, if their friends will only tell them
where to look for it. B. G. LATHROP.
- "Make friends— for the more you have
the greater will be your power and the
happier your days; but do not slobber in
tho making of them, for a wet mouth ac
complishes nothing."
Evidently the "Bartletfs Quotations"
and other books of deep thoughts from
happy' thinkers have been worn out In
the office of Impressions, and they have
bean obliged to fall back on home talent.
Or possibly this little leaflet counts one
for a leaflet and, on the side, two for an
advertisement of "The Observations of
Jay— a Dog."
In any event as a leaflet it- is in very
popr: taste, If you sent one to your friend
and he took it as a personal matter—
the results might be too awful to contem-
Plgte. 1 think that even a well regulated
dog" would feel offended if he had such
stuff read to him a.s this:
"Greet all friends with the eyelight of
gentleness and smiles and a 'greeting
wag." if you feel Inclined, and so make
the day sunny-warm."
Lovely! Especially that "sunny-warm!"
"Do not bear about with you tho rigid
tail of suspicion, or the back bristles up
ward, thereby opening many hearts to
hatred and misunderstanding."
Frightful!
not produce so happy an effect, therefore
I wonder at Messrs. *Elder & Shepard's
temerity In recklessly printing "dog laws"
from' these "Objervations" aa fit matter
for thes-o leaflets.
* These same leaflets are of the decorated
paper kind that you hang on your wall to
show that, you take Interest in the
thoughts of great thinkers. Former leaf
lets have fceen on the good personal ad
vicfi kind; something: for Instance on the
Stevenson order, . "to earn a little, to
spend a little less, etc." Just the sort
that a man buys to give to his best girl,
who has a fad for mural decoration and
literature of the. heartrto-heart style.
kxds OB 1 aiA^rr colors— By Gz&c* rxxeaa
Boylan and Ike Morgan. Jumfeaon-Htgglna
Company, Chicago. $1 SOL
THE NEW METHOD IN HEALTH CUL
TURE— By W. E. Forest. R S.. 1L D. Pub-
Ilshed by The Health-Culture Company. 4S1
Fifth avenue. New York City.
HER GRACE'S SECRET-By Violet Twee
dale. George Yi". Jacobs & Co.. Philadelphia.
»L
THAT WAGER OF DOT'S— By Fenelop*
Dalrymple. The Abbey Press, New Tork. (1 50t
AS ITHERS SEE US-By Percy Vere. Tha
Abbey Press. New York. $L
A DAY WITII A TRAMP AND OTHER
DAYS— By Walter A. "Wydcoff. Charles Scrtb
r.er's Sons, New Tork. 11.
THE OUTCASTS— By V5\ A. Fraser. Charlsa
Scrtbner*s Sons. New- York. $1 25.
HODERX ATHENS — By Geors« Hortaa.
Charles Scribner's Sons, New Tork. Jl 25.
THE SEA 1.ETTER— By WUUaia Henry
"Winslow. Henry A. Dickennan & Son. Bos
ton. $l 5ft.
THE TIX OWL— By William Rose. Dana
Estes & Co., Boston. $L
WITH TAYLOR OX THE RIO GRANDE—
By Captain Ralph nonehill. Dana Estea &
Co.. Boston. $1 23.
ONE CHRISTMAS EVE AT ROXBURT
CROSSING— By Kathrj-n Wallace. The Abbey
Press, New York. 60c.
UNO WHO— Ey Elizabeth Stoughton Gale-
White. The Abbey Press. New York. Jl.
CULTURE FROM READING— By Albert R.
Alexander. The Abbey Press. New Tork. 50c.
AGUINAL.EO— By Edwin "Wlldman. Lothrop
Publishing Company. Boston. $1 20.
THE DEVASTATORS— By Ada Cambridge.
D. Appleton & Co., New Tork. |1.
THE FIRST MEN IN THE MOON— By H.
G. "Wells. The Bowen-M,errtU Ccrapany, In
dianapolis.
SHACKLETT— By "Walter Barr. D. Appletoa
& Co., New York. $1 10.
GLORIA DEO— Published by Funk & Was
nalls Company. New York. Jl 23.
BACK TO THE SOII>— By Bradley Gllinaa.
L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. $1 25.
CIRCUMSTANCE— By S. Weir Mitchell. Ths
Century Company. New York. Jl 50.
GOD SAVE THE KING— By RcnaM Mac-
Donald. The Century Company, New York.
1150.
MRa WIGGS OF THE CABBAGE PATCH—
By Alice Caldwell Hesan. The Century Com
pany, New York. ft.
TOM BEAULINC— ny Gouverneur Morris.
The Century Company. New York. $1 23.
ENGLISH AS SHE IS TAUGHT— By Caro
lire B. Le Row. The Century Company. New
York. Jl.
THE TELLER-By Edward Noyes Westcott.
D. Appleton & Co-., New York.
Books Received.
DTX. EDWARD lluUESON TAY
LOR already hr.s to his credit
a book of original poems and ft
scholarly translation of the Sonnets
of Heredia. His last work, a poem of
fifty-five stanzas called "Into the
Light," will probably attract more
attention than any of his other verses.;
partly on its own merit and largely
because it is similar in form and
treatment to the Rubaiyat of Omar
Khayyam. Dr. Taylor in these verses
has taken up the optimistic side of
life and spiritual advancement, as
contrasted with the pessimistic and
material views of Omar. With, re
rpect to the right side, of the argu
ment the doctor undoubtedly has the
advantage, but of course a compari
r-on cf the cne poem with the other
r.s poems is, entirely out of the ques
tion. Omar's work is that of a genius
— the poet who is born, not made.
."Into the Light" is good verse, care
ful verse, the work of the man of lct-
ters, perfect in rhythm tfud diction,
but it does not show the divine in
spiration, of the true poet. If it had
not been so direct an imitation of ono
of the greatest poems ever written,
"Into th,3 Light" -would invite, rather
favorable criticism, for it is rvidentiy
the result of a careful and sincere
effort.
Dr. Taylor is a Calif ornian and a
member of the San Francisco Bar As
sociation. "Into the Light" is pub
lished by Elder & Shepard of San
Francisco.
EDWARD ROBESON TAYLOR.
Mrs. Burton Harrison has embodied In
her story, "Wlnwood's Luck," published
In the September New Lipplncott, one
of tho Incidents of her childhood in Vir
ginia at the outbreak of the Civil War.
Two chests of old English silver, part of
that brought by Lord Fairfax to the col
ony In 1762, were hastily burled by Mrs.
Harrison's mother, aided by a young
cousin of the family (killed afterward In
the war) and an old negro steward, who
died, carrying tho secret of tho hiding
place with him. Tho old houso above tho
hiding: placo of the treasure was subse
quently burned to the ground, the forest
surrounding it laid.waato, tha trees of tho
lawn used as breastworks for a fort erect
ed on tho Bite of the dwelling. A camp of
Federal soldiers occupied the plnce, an-i
had they but known cf It nothing would
have been easier than for the lounging
The announcement 15 made by Charles
Frohmnn that the Initial production of
the play "Kben Holden" was given • in
Bridgeport, Conn., on Monday night. Sep
tember CO, with E. M. Holland playing the
character of Uncle Eb. The dramatiza
tion of Irving Bacheller's phenomenally
successful book has been clone by Edward
E. Rose, and la snid to be a very strong
piece of work and to portray the story
accurately. Mr. Haeheller's second suc
cess, "P'rl and I," haa, been for the past
two weeks tho best selling book In New
York and other cities.
The October number of Successful
American Is one well worthy of preserva
tion. It contains in a condensed form all
the facts connected with the assassina
tion of President McKlnloy, with the lat
est and best portraits of the deceased, as
well as of our live President. Theodore
Roosevelt. All this In addition to a great
variety of entertaining matter and inter
esting illustrations. The publication of
fice is Pnrk Row building. New York City.
A new book of the late Eugene Field,
entitled "The Stars — A Slumber Story."
will shortly appear from the press of the
New Amsterdam Book Company. The
volume will contain an appreciation of
Mr. Field's love for. children by Will M.
Clemens, who for many years was a
friend and fellow journalist of the poet.
"The Stars" la a fairy tale for children,
and includes five characteristic poems by
the bard of. Sabine farm.
A second edition of Maurice Hewlett's
"New Canterbury Tales," published by
the Macmillan Company, was called for
on .the day of publication. For English
\u25a0writers of a distinctly new note, Ameri
ca seems to afford a growing promptness
of recognition. Both "Richard Yea-and
Nay" and "The Forest Lovers" ran into
several editions within a fortnight of
their issue.
The last two volumes of Doubleday.
Page & Co.'s "Personal x Edition" of
George Eliot are to be particularly not
able in that they contain each a hitherto
unpublished portrait— one of George Eliot,
herself, and the other of her father, Rob
ert Evans, both drawings by Mrs.
"Charles Bray. The two volumes contain
respectively the poems and essays, and
they will complete the series.
Dana Estes & Co., Boston, have pub
lished two cuite attractive books for
children. "Madame Ang'ora," by Harriet
A. Cheever, is a story that Mrs. Pussy
cat tells about herself, and is filled with
cat adventures that cannot fall to please
the young ones. "The Grasshoppers'
Hop," by Zitella Cocke, Is a book of
verses and merry jingles, each one of
which has a little story to tell thai will
interest the "little folks. Both books are
illustrated with pen and ink sketches by
J. J. Mora, (Price of. each. 60c.)
"Tobacco in Song and Story," by John
pain Jr., has been published In a novel
(form for the holiday trade, bound in
full chamois, tobacco color, perfects rib
bon book-mark and boxed in an imita
tion cigar box. As a euchre or whist
prize for "the man who smokes," it Is
peculiarly . appropriate. 'H. M. Caldwell
Company, New York and Boston.
A two-volume edition of Alphonse Dau-
Jet's "Little Masterpieces" will be pub
lished by Little, Brown & Co. in October.
Thij new illustrated edition will com
prise "Letters from My Mill," translated
by Katharine, Prescott ."Wormeley, and
"Monday Tales," translated by Marian
Mclntyre.
Literary Notes.
Ithuriel finally grew communicative and
informed the young doctor that he had
his own physic— "woodpile," he called it.
"Cord o* wood. Axe. Sweat o* the brow.
Them's the best physic I know of."
"Did I ever study medicine? No, sir!
but I've lived with my own bones and
insides till I know 'em consid'able welL"
(Published by Dana, Estes & Co., Bos
ton.)
" 'All right,' says he. *No extra charge.*
and he shut his eyes and smoked away.
Presently he looked at me again,
" 'Like my looks?' he said."
The young doctor's first meeting with
Ithuriel Butters is related by himself In
this wise:
"If seems the old gentleman didn't
want me sent for; in fact, the family had
done it on the sly, being alarmed at cer
tain symptoms.
"When I got there they kept out of the
way, evidently scared at what they had
done. I went In alone. I said I had
come to see him.
In "Geoffrey Strong" Laura E. Rich
ards has given a little picture of life in
a small Eastern town that is as delicate
as a miniature painting on ivory. She
evidently knows her material through and
through; the sureness with which she
has handled every character, from the
debonair young doctor, who serves as hero,
to the hard-headed old farmer, whose
caustic remarks are worthy of a David
Harura, proves this.
A/i optimistic little love story is the
slight thread on which the story is hung.
It is not deep nor emotional; it deals
with the lighter phases, the superficial
ones of life for the most part; but it is
compact and flawless in construction and
both human and humorous. In fact. Miss
Richards has displayed a vein of quiet
humor unusual in the writings of her sex.
Geoffrey Strong 1 .
belonged to some one of the arbitrary
classifications -embraced in the book. Be
ing no longer in those classifications they
have .been omitted. There are also a few
omissions of people whose present where
abouts careful inquiry has faileu to dis
close." Some of these may also be dead.
"With reference to the extent to which
revision has been carried but, it may be
stated that of the 7850 biographs appearing
in both editions not more than 10 per cent
are entirely unchanged. Each of these
7850 biographies has been sent to Its sub
ject with a request for revisions and addi
tions.
"The volume for 1901-02 la In all essen
tials a new book: every line reset, about
80 per cent of the old matter revised, and
additions made which make the volume
about 62 per cent larger than before."
(Published in full cloth the price la
$2 75.)
The October Impressions, published by
Elder & Shepard of San Francisco, has
as an extra inducement for the unwary a
book mark and a leaflet concealed among
its pages< This idea of "getting some
thing for nothing"' always seems to take
with the American people— whether it is
a piece of crockery with a pound of tea,
a brass ring with a box of popcorn, or a
leaflet and book mark with an Impres
sions.
There was no particular objection to
Mr. Morgan's "Observations of a Jay— a
Dog." As a book it did well enough for
those interested in dogs' mental . Insides.
Selections quoted from it at random might
"What wonder, then, that there is the
determination of the starving in all desert
life. Everything pursues or Is pursued.
Every muscle is strung to the highest ten
sion. The bounding deer must get away;
the swift following wolf must not let him.
The gray lizard dashes for a ledgq, of rock
like a flash 'of light; but the bayonet bill
of the road runner must catch him Defore
he gets there. Neither can afford to miss
his mark."
And last of all the author tells of the
real tragedy, the threat, the horror, of the
desert. It is creeping all the time. It 'bit
a piece off the sea, as we saw at the head
of the Gu'.f of California and licked it dry
till there was but a pillar of salt left. It
is creeping: on the lakes and drying them
out. leaving a mirage in the place. Its
sands are creeping over the forest and
choking them. It is the slow coming of
the end of the world. Of this he sajs
"Our outlook is limited, but have we hot
proof in our own moon that worlds do die?
What was the element that failed? Pef
haps it- was water. Perhaps it died
through thousands of years with- the slow
evaporation of moisture and th? slow
growth of— the desert." (Published by-
Charles Scribner's Sons, New York.)
But they are useful. these -desert
growths? Certainly they are. just as use
ful as : the pine tree or the potato plant.
To be sure man cannot saw them into
boards or cook them in a not; but then
nature has other animals beside man to
look after; other uses for her products
than supporting human life. She toils and
spins for all alike and man is not her
special care.
"The life of the desert lives only by
adapting itself to the conditions of the
desert. Nature does not bend the elements
to favor the plants or animals: she makes
the plants and animals do th6 bending.
The evening primrose must get used to
heat and drought, the coyote must go
without food and water for long periods.
Even complacent man fares no better
than coyote or cholla: he must endure the
same heat, thirst and hunger, or perish.
"Half the plant's on the desert put forth
their leaves with impunity: they are not
disturbed by either browsers or grazers.
Some of them are poisonous, many of
them are cathartic or emetic, nearly all
of them are disagreeable to the taste.
"So it seems with spines, thorns, var
nishes, resins and smells nature has
armed her desert own very effectually.
The little vegetation that grows in the
waste may not seem worth while, but na
ture does not think so. To her the cac
tus on the desert is just as important In
its place as the arrowy pine on the moun
tain." »
"The deserts should never be reclaimed.
They are the breathing spaces of the
West and should be preserved forever.
To speak of sparing anything because it
is beautiful is to waste one's breath and
to incur ridfcule. The main affair of life
Is to get the dollar, and if there is any
money in cutting the throat of Beauty,
why bv all means cut her throat."
In the right for life on the desert, where
rabbits eat bush, coyote eats rabbit and
the drought chokes them all, it is inter
esting to see - how nature protects her
children. \u25a0 . \u25a0.,
Mexico. In what measure It Is responsi
ble for the general climate of those. States
cannot be summarized, but it certainly
has a~ great influence, especially, in the
matter of producing dry air. .
"Who shall say that the preternatural
productiveness of California is. not due to
the warm air of Its surrounding deserts?
They furnisn health to the human. Why
not strength to the plant?
V F to some people a ' flower a simple
I flower is and nothing mo're it Is prob
[[ able that to them a desert would only
r-e a desert or something less. To
John C. Van Dyke, author of "The Des
ert." it I? a whole cosmos, and he takes
all the pages of an entire book to tell
about It and leaves room for thought be
sides.
He causes the desert to blossom by
merely Irrigating !t with a bottle of ink.
but then the vigorous cultivation which
he gives it with his pen enables him to
accomplish wonders in -its virgin soil,
which no litercry iTusbandman has hith
erto tilled.
This may be Greek or gammon to those
v.ho hav«* r.ot stood on the desert at night
nlone or \u25a0with another perhaps and looked
at its somber Syrian might of infinite
vast ness, beside which all works of man,
till even of nature's other spectacles of
mountain, forest, cliffs and waters, sink
Into melodramatic naught.
Van Dyke explains something of how
this !ov<=> of the desert grows on one. but
it must have been lived through to bs
rcaiiy fc!t. The traveler' who crosses on
the railrcsd will rover know why the .In
dians left the fertile watered glens of the
hills, or the rich valleys of the coast and
took to the desert to spend their lives
fighting with death.
In his preface he says:
"TJie love of nature is after all an ac
quired taste. One begins by admiring th«
Hudson River landscapes and ends by
loving the desolation of the Mojave. Just
why cr how the change would be dim
cult to explain. You cannot always dis
fect a taste or passion. I shall never be
able to tell you of the grandeur of the
mountains nor the glory of color that
wraps the burning sands at their feet.
"So it is that my book is only an excuse
fcr talking about the beautiful things In
this desert world that stretches down to
the Pacific Ocean and across Arizona and
Sonora. - »
"The desert has gone begging for a
word of praise these many years. It
never had a sacred poet. It has in me
only a lover, but I trust that the nature
loving public will accept this record of
the Mojave and the Colorado as at least
truthful. Given the facts, erhaps the
poet and his fancies will come after."
To ore who thinks of the desert as but
cne thing— 1 waste of arid, shifting sand,
"beneath that inverted bowl we call the
sky" — :t is wonderful how a writer can
t-crape enough out of it to nil a book.
The chapter headings partly explain.
First— "The approach to the desert" as
one sees it in early morning, flickering
with its miragric illusions, cool and blue.
"The Make of the Desert." How it came
that a great upper end of the Gulf of Cal
ifornia was cut off by the silting deposits
of the Colorado River, which then
emptied into Its eastern side, and the
darcmed-in waters dried away, till the
Walton salt glacier is all that is left.
The topography of the bottom of the
bowl, all that is left of this truly "dead"
and gone sea, makes another chapter, and
the bottom of the sea is interesting even
tif'erthe sea has dried away.
A chapter on the Colorado River tells
how tr.at silent stream crawls past the
desert ruin it has wrought, sometimes to
tink silently into the sea, while again at
the full and change days of the moon it
meets the ocean waters angrily and casts
up a vast "bore" like that giant tidal
\u25a0rave which rushes up the Bay of Fundy.
The author is at his best in his color
descriptions of desert light, air. sky ana
ciouds; nature's vast paintings of cliff
and canyon.
•Illusions cf the Desert"— mirage, fore
shortenir.gs and deceptive distances, dan
gerous to the traveler— make an interest
ing chapter, for many of the twice or
thrice told tales of travelers are shown
to have been amplified in the telling.
Mr. Van Dyke holds that the desert
serves a vastly useful purpose In acting
es a sort of register lor heatir.gr air. he
fays: "This old sea bed is, for Its area,
probably the greatest dry heat generator
in the world, because of it's depression
and its barren sandy surface. ' It is a fur
nace that whirls heat up and out of the
bowl over the peaks of the Coast Range
into Southern California and eastward
across tfie plains into Arizona and New
Aside from being & Publishers' Aa
ncuccement Number and containing cop
icus lists of forthcoming hooks, tha Octo
ber Critic maintains its interest In ths
purely esthetic side of letters and art.
From a pictorial standpoint Tighe Hop
kins' paper on "The Tanchnitz Edition"
Is easily the feature of the current num
ber. ' Illustrated by portraits of Baron
Tauchnitz Sr. and Baron Tanennftz Jr.,
with views of their residences and cf th*
plant and enlivened 'by mtich. literary and
biographical material apropos the Ger
man publishers and the English and
American authors with •wham, they hav«
had. dealings, th© article Is ta. .every re
spect noteworthy. Of different and mar*
personal interest £s "William. Wallaca
WhJtelocfc's Interview Trtth' Ernest Seton-
Tnompson. Mr. tVMtelocSc engaged th*
services cf a photographer, < wno obtained
several attractive views cf tha Seton-
Thompsons, and tie text of the Interview
contains Tnarry paints of wt)uii»h{ regard
ing Mr. Eeton-TtxompscTi's early Ktrugxies
and present day successes. Tha Cartyles
will perhaps always enlist tho Interest of
Anglo-Saxon readers, and tha article en
"Mrfv Carlyle nn^ ner fTnrrwrrrna ia** fn tna
current Issue of tha Critic .ahonTfl prove, a
welcome sidelight on tha domestic itf* of
a couple which has so Ions' suffered from
Fronde's Tni*tni-*r±iif* u+injri. The Ietter3
betireen Mrs. Carlyle and he? xaald, here
published for the first time* soot better
than any biography the real aspect of
life in the Cheyna Bow howavB. Both prac
tical and theoretical Is Gerald Stanley
Lee's third paper* on "IAerary Drill in
College.** Mr. Lea Is an Independent
thinker and his views, while radical, are
full of Inspiration, »t»i^ atould oa of help
to those who haw In their keeping t^ 10
Intellectual future . of tha collegian of
either sex. Few men are better equipped,
for writing; on Gilbert White than I*. C
Ml all, who Is himself a co-editor of a new
edition of "The Natural History of Sel
borne." Mr. illaU brings to light many
new facts concerning White's Ufa and his
appreciation of the man and his place in
science and in letters is In every way
balanced and sympathetic In addition to
the above features the October Critic con
tains a short paper by Mrs. Minnie Mad
dern Fiske on "The Effects of a "First
Night* on the Actor." a diverting: "Pocket
Version" of Hall Calne's "The Eternal
City" and other briefer papers on topics
literary or esthetic, together with' a
"Lounger" as full of varied Interest as Is
customary.
George Bird Grinnell. whose new book
of Indian tales, entitled "The Punish
ment of the Stingy, and Other Indian
Stories." Is Just published by the Har
pers, haa had a unique experience. He
has been dignified by the title of war
chief by his friends and admirers, tha
Pawnee Indians, and during his associa
tion with them and with other tribes cf
the red men he gathered material for hi3
Indian stories. Sitting: with them by tha
side oi their fires at night hs has had
the unusual privilege of listening to their
legends and folklore, just as they have
been passed on for many generations
from, sire to son. Such records are not
only most entertaining In the form in
which Mr. Grinnell presents them, in
"The Punishment of the Stingy," but
they are of lasting value In the history
cf our country.
troopers to occupy their waiting hours by
possessing themselves of what lay so con
veniently at hand. But. years afterward,
the exact spot was Identified by the fam
ily and the contents of the two chests
found under the ruins of the cellar, lylns
loose in the keeping of Mother Earth,
blackened but otherwise intact. The trag
edy of the story was. happily, not a pa r t
of the family chronicle of the author, but
was supplied from the experiences of oth
ers, not uncommon in, border history of
that day.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4
"WORTH READING."
FOR THE BLUE
AND GOLD
A Tale of lifo at ihe University of
California.
By JOY LICHTENSTEIN
$1.50 Net
"A rattling good story of undergrad-
uate life, its work anil Us play. There
ttre Bcorea of healthy, plucky, tun-lovins
sturdy your.R Americans who keep thu
interest at a k!o\v from starr to tinlsh.
Jt la u bocik that should bo read by all
colleB» eruiluates. by all in college ana
by thoso intending to enter collese."
—New Orleans Picayune
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publisher,
126 Post Street,
San Francisco, Cal,the parlor is decorated with photographs
of former schoolmates and masters. One
large group portrays the Philosophical So-
ciety of Shanghai. The faces are fine and
intelligent. - • \u25a0 . \u25a0
Une of the treasures of Hsueh Sung
Ying of the fraternity Is a likeness of his
17-ycar-old niece, who is still' In 'China.
Ho relates that at the time of the pro-
ration had already been begun on the
wall, and thrown artistically across the
bed was a gay quilt of patch work. In
posed Manchurlan treaty with Russia
public feeling was greatly aroused all
over China and a mass-meeting was
called at Shanghai, at which speeches
were made and resolutions made,^very
much as might be done in this country
under similar circumstances. He accom
panied his niece to this mass-meeting,
and during the enthusiasm she electrified
him by mounting the platform and mak
ing a ringing speech, full of fire and pa
triotism.
For a Chinese woman to address a pub
lic meeting was astonishing enough, and
the extreme youth of the speaker, as well
as her unexpected eloquence, made a
strong impression.
"Were you not very proud of her?" was
asked.
Mr. Hsueh looked a little dubious; very
much as one has seen an Amsrican boy
hesitate over admitting some achievement
of his small sister or cousin.
"Well," he admitted, "it was a good
Epeech. But I think she has been some
what spoiled since by flattery."
Another . large photograph shows the
mining class and professors of the Tien
tsin college,'' of which Hsueh Yung Sing
is a graduate.'
The upper portion of the fraternity
house is divided up into neatly furnished
bedrooirs, 'each containing two single
beds. The. rooms show very successful
attempts at decoration in the way of
photographs, draperies, etc.
One room was particularly interesting.
The bureau held many photos, some deco-
tne center of this quilt, arranged so as
to come over the sleeper's breast, were
the words in large, embroidered letters:
"The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not
want."
A name for the fraternity has not been
decided upon. Professor Fryer suggested
"The Oriental." but the boys entered a
decided objection.
"There are a number of Filipinos an«l
other foreigners In the university," ex
plained Mr. Hsue'h, "who have Just as
much right to be called Orientals as we.
This Is distinctively a Chinese society, and
we must have a name that expresses that
fact."
So the Question of a name Is as yet un
decided.
The Filipinos mentioned by Mr. Hsueh
form another Interesting feature of this
year's freshman class in Berkeley. Thera
are several of them, all members of good
families. One* of them is the son of a
member of Aguinaldo's former staff. Thsy
are bright, intelligent boys, speaking fair
ly good English, but more at home in the
Spanish tonsue.
' One very "small fcoy. sent here to be
under President Wheeler's care, has been
placed at the Belmont school, whence he
will come to Berkeley when properly pre
pared. He is but 10 years old. His father,
who is the Presidente of one of the Isl
ands, came up to see him a short time ago.
He felt satisfied with the little f ellow'3
progress, but was disappointed to find
that he was already forgetting his mother
tongue. By the' time he graduates from
Berkeley he will be an American In tha
real sense of the* word.. }.
and proved himself in many ways an in
telligent and agreeable young man.
Another Chinese who will probably
and it is their desire to Imbibe Western
learning and customs that they may re
turn to their own country thera perhaps
to become leaders and expound to their
own people the principles of Western civ
ilization.
It seemed advisable to keep them in one
community, and if possible under one
roof. Professor Fryer decided to ac
complish this by the establishment of an
Oriental fraternity, of which the new
comers will be the initial or charter mem
bers. The fraternity will be a permanent
Institution, will be given an appropriate
name and will doubtless grow year by
year as our national and commercial re
lations with China expand.
Whether China be divided up among
the nations or retain her own in
dividual life as one of the great empires
of the world, change has set in and is
bound to continue, both In her mode of
government and in the educational ideas
and customs of her people. It is believed
that Chinese subjects educated In Ameri
can schools and colleges will take back
to China American principles of educa
tion and government, and gradually these
new ideas will take root and become
formative agents in the regeneration of
China. Therefore the Installation of this
Chinese fraternity in Berkeley takes on
peculiar significance, and it Is Interesting
to know something of the members of the
new society.
A number of the young men are already
Installed In their new home on Durant
avenue. Of these seven have just ar
rived and one came on a few weeks ago.
Mr. Chueh entered last term and will
continue his course. As he resided last
year in the family of Professor Fryer he
will probably continue to live there,
rather than in the regular fraternity
house. He is a musician of considerable
skill and has a pleasing voice. He enter
tained the ladles of the "Town and Gown
Club" one afternoon last spring with
Chinese music, vocal and instrumental,
P*ROFESSOR JOHN FRYER.** Agaa
e!« professor of Oriental lan
guages in the University of Califor
nia and authority on all things
Chinese, has built for himself a
handsome new house In Berkeley and will
shortly move into It his family, his house
hold roods and his household gods— of
\u25a0which he has a fine collection.
He has also purchased a large house
near his own prospective home in which
he will domicile ten or more high-class
young Chinese entrusted to his care by
parents and guardians In China.
Lest alarm bo felt In Berkeley at this
double "Celestial" advent, It may be ex
plained at once that Professor and Mrs.
F"ryer are stanch CongTegationalists,
and their Quaint Buddhas and "Quan
yins** are cherished only as curios and
mementoes of a long sojourn In the
Orient, and not as household dletles, and
that the young natives of the land of the
yellow dragon •will for the next four years
at least worship only at the ehrine of
learning.
Professor Fryer was for many years
In the employ of the Chinese Government,
and since his appointment to a chair in
the University of California he has each
cummer returned to China, where he en
gages In the translation of English scien
tific works into Chinese.
Last yea*-, however, he employed his
time in writing a booklet in Chinese, in
which he described tho California Uni
versity, dwelling upon its advantages and
high standing as an educational institu
tion. The booklet was illustrated with
engravings and received an immediate
circulation among the educated class in
China. Its result was apparent this year,
when officials of the Imperial Govern
ment came to Professor Fryer and be
sought him to take charge of a number
of young men who were desirous of com
pleting their education in this country.
Most of them were graduates of the Col
lege of Tientsin, which was destroyed
during the Boxer troubles, nnd all are
highly educate! and Intelligent. Their
work in Berkeley will be post-graduate.
make his home with the professor is M>.
Ensang, who comes from the Honolulu
High School. Incidentally, he brings with
him seven medals, prizes won in athletic
sports In the islands. He has a record as
a sprinter, knows something of football,'
and altogether i3 likely to prove a wel
come addition to the Berkeley student
body on the athletic side. He is also a
fine musician, both on the piano and on
his native instruments.
Of the seven Chinese students already
at home in the new fraternity house,
Chun Chin Tao was a teacher in mathe
matics in the University of Tientsin. Wu
Tung Chao Is a civil engineer. Wang
Chung TIul and Hsueh Sung Ying are
graduated law students. Wang Chung Yao
is a mining engineer. Yin Chin Yung and
Wu Kui Ling were mining students at
Tientsin. Chan Yu Chuan was a law stu
dent at the same college.
The boys seem quite at home In their
new surroundings. They have nick
names for one another, one being known
as the "Theologian," another as the "Jur
ist," etc., and animated discussions are
being held in the attempt to decide upon
a suitable name for the fraternity. They
take readily to "Western customs and will
enter fully into the social life of the col
lege town. An invitation to tea at the
new "Frat House" will have a piquant
Oriental flavor which will add to the
favor with which such courtesies are re*
celjred by the young ladies of Berkeley.
The house purchased by Professor Fryer
for his proteges Is that formerly occupied
by Mr. and Mrs. Archie Pierce on Durant
avenue, near College avenue. It is a
handsome and spacious building, prettily
set on a well kept lawn, and compares
very favorably with other fraternity
houses of Berkeley.
On the first floor are a reception hall,
parlor, library, dining-room, kitchen and
pantries. The lower part of the house ia
finished in hard pine, giving a bright,
sunny appearance. Tho brick mantel in
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
THE ODDELT
COLLEGE FRATERNITYHe was more than astonished at himself
for having tricked her a few moments be
fore into a perfectly natural departure
from Indifference, She had been so re
served and so natural that he looked back
and asked himself what had happened to
flatter his vanity except a passing show
of interest. With this, he smiled and re
called similar opportunities in days gone
by, all of which had been turned to ad
vantage and had resulted in amusing pas
tjmes. And hare was a pretty girl with
an air of mystery about her, worthy of
his best efforts, but toward whom he had
not dared to turn a frivolous eye.
He took out the coin and leaned back
in his chair, wondering where it came
from. "In any case," he thought, '"It'll
make a good pocket-piece, and some day
I'll find some Idiot who knows more about
geography than I do." Mr. Lorry's own
Ideas of geography were jumbled and
vague— as if he had got them by studying
the labels on his hat box. He knew the
places he had been to and he recognized
a new country by the annoyances of the
Custom-house, but beyond this hn» ignor
ance was complete. The coin, so far as he
knew, might have come from any one of
a hundred small principalities scattered
about the continent. Yet it bothered him
a little that he could not tell which one
He was more than curious about a very
beautiful young woman— in fact, he was
undeniably interested in her. He pleas
antly called himself an "ass" to have his
head turned over a pretty face, a foreign
accent and an insignificant coin, and yet
he was fascinated.
to his section dizzily he thought of tho
good fortune that had been his In other
attempts, and asked himself why it had
not occurred to him to make the same ad
vances in the present instance. Somehow
she was different. There was that strange
dignity, that pure beauty, that imperial
manner, all combining to forbid the faint
est thought of familiarity.
Grenfall had formed many chance ac
quaintances during his , travels, some
times taking risks and liberties that were
refreshingly bold. He had seldom been
repulsed, strange to say, and as ho went
room. She became interested in the
search and bent over to scan the dark
corners with eager eyes. Their heads
were very close together more than once.
At last she' uttered an exclamation and
ber hand went to the floor in triumph.
They arose together, flushed and smiling.
She had the coin in her hand.
"I have it," >she said gayly, a delicious
foreign tinge to the words.
"I thank you ," he began, holding
out his hand as if in a dream of ecstacy,
but her eyes had fallen momentarily on
the object of their search.
"Oh!" she exclaimed, the prettiest sur
prise in the world coming Into her face.
It was a coin from her faraway home
land, and she was betrayed into the In
voluntary exclamation. Instantly, how
ever, she regained her composure and
dropped the piece into his outstretched
hand, a proud flush 'mounting to her
cheek, a look of cold reserve to her eyes.
He had hoped fhe would offer some com
ment on what she must have considered
a strange coincidence, but he was disap
pointed. He wondered if she even heard
him say: .
m "l am sorry to have troubled you."
*She had resumed her seat, and to him
there seemed a thousand miles between
them. .Feeling decidedly uncomfortable
and not a little abashed, he left her and
strode to the Joor. Again a mirror gave
him a thrill. This time it was the glass
in the car's end. He had taken but a
half-dozen steps when the brown head
was turned slyly and a pair of interested
eyes looked after him. She did not know
that he could tte her, so he had the sat
isfaction of observing that pretty, puzzled
face plainly until he passed through. the
door..
Under ordinary circumstances Lorry
would have offered her the : paper and
thought nothing more about it. With her,
however, there was an air that made him
hesitate. He felt strangely awkward and
inexperienced beside her; precedents did
not saem to count. He arose, tossed the
paper over the back of the chair as if
casting It aside forever and strolled over
to the opposite window and looked but for
a few moments, jingling his coins care
lessly. The jingle of the pieces suggested
something else to him. His paper still
hung Invitingly, upside* down, as he. had
left it. on tho chair, and the lady was
poring over her novel. As he passed her
he drew his right hand from his pocket
and a piece of money dropped to the. floor
at her feet. Then began an embarrassed
search for the coin— in the wrong direc
tion, of course. He knew precisely where
It had rolled, but purposely looked under
the seats on the other side of the car.
She drew her skirts aside and assisted in
the search. Four different times he saw
the little piece of money, .but did not pick
it up. Finally, laughing awkwardly, he
began to search on her side of the car.
Whereupon she rose and gave him more
alive with fresh and Important dispatches,
chiefly foreign. At length, after allowing
himself to become really Interested in a
Paris dispatch of some international con
sequence, he turned his eyes -again to the
mirror. She was leaning slightly for
ward. Holding the open book in her lap,
but reading, with straining eyes, an arti
cle in the paper he held.
He calmly turned to the next page and
looked leisurely over it. Another glance,
quickly taken, showed to him a disap
pointed frown on the pretty face and a
reluctant resumption of novel reading. A
few moments later he turned back to the
first page, holding the paper in such a
position that she could not see. and, full
pf curiosity, read every line of the foreign
news, wondering what had interested her.
with his back to the door, his face to
the window, studied Its lettering.
During the afternoon he strolled about
the train,, his hand constantly jingling
the coins. He passed her compartment
several times, yet refrained from look
, ing in- But he -wondered if she saw him
pass.
At one little station a group of Indian
bear hunters created considerable interest
among the passengers. Grenfall was
down at the station platform at once,
looking over a great stack of game. As
he left the car he met Uncle Caspar,
who was hurrying toward his niece's sec-*
tion. A few moments later she came
down the steps, followed by the dignified
old gentleman. Grenfall tingled with a
strange delight as she moved quite close
to his side in her desire to see. Once he
glanced at her face; there was a pretty
look of fear in her eyes as she surveyed
the massive bears and the stark, stiff
antelopes. But she laughed a3 she turned
away with her uncle.
Grenfall was smoking his cigarette and
vigorously jingling the coins in his pocket
when the train pulled out. Then he
swung on the car steps and found him
self at her feet. She was standing at
the top, where she had lingered a mo
ment. There was an expression of anx
iety In her eyes as he looked up into
them, followed instantly by one of relief.
Then she passed into the car. She had
seen him swing upon the moving steps
and had feared for his safety— had shown
in her glorious face that sho was glad
he did not fall beneath the wheels.
Doubtless she would have been as solicit
ous had he been the porter or the brake
man, he reasoned, but that she had no
ticed him at all pleased him.
At Abilene he bought the Kansas City
newspapers. After breakfast he found
a seat In the observation car and settled
himself to read. Presently some one took
a seat behind him. He did not look back,
but unconcernedly cast his eyes upon the
broad mirror in the opposite car wall.
Instantly he forgot his paper. She was
sitting within five feet of him, a book
in her lap, her, gaze bent briefly on the
flitting buildings outside. He studied the
reflection furtively until she took up the
book and began to read. Up to. this time
he had wondered why some nonsensical
idiot had wasted looking glasses on the
walls of .a railway coach; now he was
thinking of him as a far-sighted men.
The first page of his paper was fairly
Grenfall'a ticket carried him by way of
Chicago. He caught himself wondering if
he could exchange bis ticket in St. I^ouis*.
"Traveling with her father and mother,
I suppose?"
"No, suh; they's huh uncle and aunt. I
heah huh call 'em uncle an' aunt. Th'
ole gent'man is Uncle Caspar. I don'
know what they talk 'bout. It's mostly
some foh'en language. Th' young lady
allus sneaks Amehican to me, but th* old
folks cain't talk it ver' well. They all
been to Frisco, an' th' hired he'p they's
got with 'em say they been to Mexico,
too. Th' young lady's got good Amehican
dollahs, don* care wha' she's been". She
allus smiles when she ask me to do any
thin', and I wouldn' care if Bhe nevah
tipped me, 's long as she smiles that
away."
"Servants v.-ith them, you say?"
"Yas, suh; man an' woman, nex' sec
tion t'other side the ole folks. Cain't say
mor'n fifteen words in Amehican. Th'
woman Is huh maid, an' th' man he's th*
gen'ral hustler fer th' hull pahty."
"And you don't know her name?"
"No, suh, an' I cain't ver' well fin' out."
"In what part of Europe does she live?"
"Australia, I think, suh."
"You mean Austria."
"Do I? 'Scuse ma ig'nance. I was jis'
guessin' at It anyhow; one place's as good
as 'nother ovah thuh, I reckon."
"Have you orie of those dollars she gave
you?"
"Yes, suh. Heh's a coin that ain' Ameh
ican, but she says it's wuth seventy cents
in our money. It's a foh'en piece. She
tell me to keep it till I went ovah to huh
country: then I could have a -high time
with it— that's what she says — 'a high
time'— an' smiled kin' o' knpwin' like."
"Let me see that coin," said Lorry, eag
erly taking the silver piece from the por
ter's hand. "I never saw one like it be
fore. Greek, It looks to me; but I can't
make a thing out of these letters. She
gave it to you?"
"Yas, suh— las' evening'. A high time
on seventy cents! That's reedlculous,
ain't it?" demanded the porter scornfully.
"I'll give you a dollar for It. You can
have a higher time on that."
The odd little coin changed owners Im
mediately, and the new possessor dropped
it into his pocket with the inward con
viction that he was the silliest fool in
existence. After the porter's departure
he took the coin from his pocket, and.
She Became Interested in the f earch and Bent
Over to5can the Dark Coroers With Eager Eyes.
There was a theory in his family that
it would have been a decenter thing for
him to stop running about and settle
down to work. But his thoughtful father
had given him a wealthy mother,- and as
t-arninp a living was not a necessity, he
failed to see why it was a uuty. "Work
is becoming to seme men." he ence de
clared, "like whiskers or red ties, but It
does not follow that all men can stand it."
after that the family found him "hope
less, " and the argument dropped.
He was just under 30 years, as good
lookine as rooet men. with no one de
pendent upon him and an income that had
Withstood both the Maison Doree and a
dahabeah on tho Kile. He never tired of
Feeing things and peoples and places.
•"There's gaire to be found anywhere," he
said, "only it's sometimes out of season.
If 1 had my way— and millions— I should
run a newspaper. Then all the excite
ments would come to me. As it is — I'm
poor, and bo I have tu go all over th«
world after them."
Thic agreeable theory of life had worked
•well; he tras a little bored at times — not
bc-rause he had seen too much, but be
cause there were not more things left to
see. He had managed somehow to keep
his enthusiasms through everything — and
they made life worth living. -He felt. roo.
a certain elation— like a spirited horse—
at tnrr.ing toward home, but Washington
had not much to offer him, and the thrill
did not last. His big bag and his hatbox
— pasted over with foolish lafce's from
Continental hotels— were piled in the cor
ner of his compartment, and he settled
back in his seat with a pleasurable sense
of expectancy. The presence in the next
room of a very smart appearing young
woman was prominent in his conscious
ness. It gave him an uneasiness which
was the beginning of delight. He had
eec-n her for only a second in the passage
way, but that second had made him hold
himself a little straighter. "Why is it,"
he v.ondered. "that some girls make you
ttar.d like a footman the moment you see
them?" Grenfall had been in love too
many times to think of marriage; hla
habit of mind was still general, and he
classified women broadly. At the same
time he had a feeling that in this case
generalities did not apply well; there was
something about the girl that made him
hesitate at labeling her "Class A or B or,
Z." What it v.as he did not know, but—
unaccountably— she filled him with an af
fected formality. He felt like bowing to
her with a grand air and much dignity.
And yet he realized thai his successes had
come from confidence.
At luncheon he saw her In the dining
car. Her companions were elderly per
sons—presumably her parents. They
lalked mostly in French-occasionally
using a German word or phrase. The old
gentleman was stately and austere— with
an air of deference to the young woman
•which Grenfall did not understand. His
appearance was very striking: his face
pale and heavily lined; moustache and
Imperial gray; the eyebrows large and
bushy, and tho jaw and chin square and
firm. The white-haired lady carded her
head high with unmistakable gentility.
They were all dressed In traveling suits
which suggested something foreign, but
not Vienna nor Paris; smart, but far from.
American tastes.
Lorry watched the trio with great In
terest. Twice during luncheon the young
\u25a0woman glanced, toward him carelessly
and left an annoying impression that she
had not seen him. As they left the table
and passed into the observation car, he
stared at her with %me defiance. But
she was smiling, and her dimples showed,
and Grenfall was ashamed. For some
moments he eat gazing from the car win
dow—forgetting his luncheon— dreaming.
When he got back to his compartment
he rang vigorously for the porter. A
coin was carelessly displayed in his
fingers. "Do you 6uppose you could find
out who has the next compartment,
porter?"
"I don't know their name, suh, but
they's goln' to New York jis as fas' as
they can git thuh. I aln* ax um no ques
tions. 'cauPe thuh's somethir;' 'bout um
makes me feel's if I aln' got no right to
look at um even."
The porter thought a moment.
"I don' believe it'll do yuh any good,
suh. to try to shine up to tha' young lady.
She a in' the sawt. I can tell yuh that I
done see too many guhls In ma time "
"What are you talking about? I'm not
trying to shine up to her. I only want to
know who she is— just out of curiosity."
Crenfall's face was a. trifle red.
"Beg pahdon, suh; but I kind o' thought
you was like oth' genfmen when they
see a ha'n'some woman. Allus wants to
fin* out somethin' 'bout huh, suh, yoh
know. 'Scuse me foh misjedgln' yuh* suh.
Th 1 lady In question is a foh'ner— she
lives across th* ocean, 's fuh as I can fin'
out. They's In a hurry to git home foh
some reason, 'cause they ain' goln' to stop
this side o* New York, 'cept to change
cans."
"Where do they change cars?"
"£t. Louis— go'.n' by way of Cincinnati
eu' Washta'toa."
As it happened, Mr. Grenfall Lorry did
not have a dull moment after the train
started. He stumbled on a figure that
leaned toward the window in the dark
passageway. With reluctant civility he
apologized; a lady stood up to let him
pass, ar.d for an instant In the half light
their ey«?<= met. and that is why the miles
rushed by with incredible speed.
Mr. Lorry had been dawdling away the
months in Mexico and California. For
years he had felt, together with many
other people, that a tea voyage was the
essential beginning of every Journey; he
had started round the world soon after
leaving Cambridge: he had fished through
Norway and hunted in India, and shot
everything from grouse on the Scottish
moors to the rapids above Assouan. He
had rim in and out of countless towns
and countries on the coast of South Amer
ica: he had done Russia and the Rhone
Valley and Brittany and Damascus; he
had seen them all— but not until then did
it occur to him that there might be some
thing of Interest nearer home. True, he
had thought of joining some Englishmen
on a hunting tour in the Rockies, but that
had fallen through. When the idea of
Mexico did occur to him he gave orders
to pack his things, purchased Intermin
able green tickets, dined unusually well
at his club, and was off in no time to the
unknown West.
MR. GRENFALL LORRY boarded
the east -bound express at D<?n
li )k> \ VPr wltil n11 tlle alr of a martyr.
He hv.i traveled pretty much all
over the world, and he was not with
out resources, but the prospect of a twen
ty-fivo hundred mile Journey alone tilled
him with dismay. The country he knew;
the scenery had long since lost its at
iractions for him; countless newsboys had
failod lo t.'mpt hiin with the literature
they thrust in his face, and as for his
fellow passengers -well, he preferred to
l»e al^ne. And so it was that he gloomily
motioned the porter to his boxes and
mounted the steps with weariness.
With this he turned and ran rapidly
toward the little depot and telegraph
office.
"We cannot catch the flyer.. I want
to catch It as much as you and"— here he
straightened himself— "I would add a
thousand to yours." He hesitated a mo
ment—thinking. "There is but one way
and no time to lose."
Down one of these streets walked the
young lady, curiously interested in all
about her. She seemed glad to escape
from the train and Its people and she
hurried along, the fresh spring wind
blowing her hah- from beneath her cap.
the ends of her long coat fluttering
Lorry stood on the platform watching
her;, then he lighted a cigarette and fol
lowed. He had a vague feeling that she
ought not to be alone with all the work
men. She started to come back before
he reached her, however, and he turned
again toward the station. Then he heard
a sudden whistle and a minute later from
the end of the street he saw the train
pulling out. Lorry had rather distin
guished himself In college as a runner
and instinctively he dashed up the street
reaching the tracks just in time to catch
the railing of the last coach. But there
he stopped and stood with thumping
heart while the coaches slid smoothly up
the track, leaving him behind. He re
membered he was not the only one left
and ho panted and smiled. It occurred
to him— when It was too late— that he
might have got on tho train and pulled
the rope or called the conductor, but that
was out of the question now. After all,
it might not be such a merry game to
stay in that filthy little town- it did not
follow that she would prove Triendly.
A few moments later she appeared—
wholly unconscious of what had hap
pened. \ A glance down the track and
her face was the picture of despair.
Then she saw him coming toward her
with long strides, flushed and excited.
Regardless of appearances, conditions or
consequences, she hurried to meet him.
"Where Is the train?" she gasped, as
the distance between them grew short
her blue eyes seeking his beseechingly'
her hands clasped.
"It has gone."
"Gone? And we— we are left?"
He nodded, delighted by the word "we "
"The conductor said thirty minutes: it
has been but twenty." she cried half
tearfully, half angrily, looking at her
watch. "Oh, what shall I do?" she went
on, distractedly. He had enjoyed the
sweet, despairing tones, but this last wail
called for manly and instant action.
"Can we catch the train? We must! I
will give a thousand dollars. I must catch
It." She had placed her gloved hand
against a telegraph polo to steady her
trembling, but her face was resolute, im
perious, commanding. She wa3 ordering
him to obey as she would have com
manded a slave. In her voice there was
authority, in her eye there was fear. She
could control the one but not the other.
Off the main street of the town ran llttJa
lanes leading to the mines below. They
all ended at the edge of a steep declivity.
There was a drop of almost four hundred
feet straight Into the valley below. Aloru?
the sides of this valley were the entrances
to the mines. Above, on the ledge, waa
the machinery for lifting the ore to tho
high ground on which stood the town nnd
railroad yards.
"How long are we to be delayed?" she
asked. Just two minutes before Ihi3
same conductor had responded most un
graciously to a simple question Lorry hari
asked and had gone so far as to Instruct
another inquisitive traveler to go to a
warmer climate because he persisted in
asking for information which could not be
given except by a clairvoyant. But now
he answered in most affable tones:
"We'll be here for thirty minutes, at
least, Miss— perhaps longer."
She walked away, after thanking him.
and Grenfall looked at his watch.
Lorry strolled up to tne crowd of pas
sengers who were watching the engineer
and fireman at work. A clear, musical
voice, almost in his ear. startled him. for
he knew to whom it belonged. She ad
dressed the conductor, who, impatient
and annoyed, stood immediately behind
him.
Lorry realized that his opportunities
were fast and that he dii
not seem to be any nearer meeting her
than when they started. He had hoped to
get Uncle .Caspar Into a conversation and
use him. but Uncle Caspar was as distant
as an Iceberg. "If there should be a
\u25a0vreck." Grenfall caught himself thinking,
"then my chance would come; but I don't
see how Providence is going to help me
in any other way."
Near the close of the day. after thpy
left St. Louis, the train began to wind
through the foothills of the Alleghenies.
Bellalre. Grafton and other towns were
left behind, and they were soon whirling
up the steep mountain, higher an-1
higher, through tunnel arter tunnel, near
er and nearer to Washington every min
ute. As they were pulling out of a lltt!o
mining town built on the mountain sirie
a sudden jar stopped the train. There was
some little excitement and a scramble for
Information. Some % part of the engine was
disabled, and it would be necessary to re
place it before the "run" could proceed.
Before the train reached St. Louis he
made up his- ailnd to change cars there
and go to "Washington with her. It also
occurred to him that he might go on to
New York If the epell lasted. During the
day he telegraphed ahead fcr accommo
dations, and when the flyer arrived In St.
Louis that evening he hurriedly attended
to the transferring and rechecking of his
baggage, bought a new ticket and dined.
At 8 he was at the station, and at 8:15
he passed her in the ai3le. She was stand-
Ing In her stateroom door, directing her
maid. He saw a look of surprise flit across
her face as he passed. He slept soundly
that night and dreamed that he was
crossing the ocean with her.
At breakfast he saw her. but if she saw
him It was when he was not looking at
her. Once he r aught Uncle Caspar star
ing at him through his monocle, which
dropped instantly from his eye in tba
manner that Is always self-explanatory.
She had evidently called the uncle's atten
tion to him, but was herself looking se
dately from the window when Lorry un
fortunately spoiled the scrutiny. His spir
its took a furious bound with the realiza
tion that she had deigned to honor him by
recognition. if only to call attention to
him because he possessed a certain coin.
Once 'the old gentleman asked him the
time of cay and set his watch according
to the reply. In Ohio the man servant
scowled at him because he Involuntarily
etared after his. mistress as she paced the
platform while the train waited at a sta
tion. Again, in Ohio, they met in the ves
tibule, and he was compelled to step aside
to allow her to pass. He did not feel par
ticularly jubilant over this meeting. She
did not even glance at him.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ii.
TWO STRANGERS IN A COACH.
Lorry* wasted very little time. H«
GRAUSTARK
6(Continued next week.)
"Isn't it strange that this particular
coin should have reminded you of home?"
"You have no right to question me, sir,"
she said coldly, drawing away, only to be
lurched back again. In spite of herself
she laughed 1 audibly.
"I beg your pardon," he said, , tantallz
ingly.
"When did he give it you?"
"Who?",
"The porter, sir."
"You have no right to question' me," ha
said. \.
"Oh!" she gasped. "I did not mean to
be inquisitive." .
"But I grant the right. He gave it me
inside of two hours after I first entered
the car."
"Oh, but I have seen many like it In
my purse there are several at this min
ute." . . . ..
"Especially if I had not seen one of Its
kind since leaving home," he replied, in
sinuatingly.
to go to Europe in order to follow tho
injunction of Ihe donor. . As I am more
likely to go to Europe than he I relieved
him of the necessity and bought his right
to a, 'high time. 1 "
There was a long pause, during which
she attempted to Withdraw herself from
his side, her little fingers struggling tim
idly beneath the big ones.
"Are you a collector, of coins?" she
asked at length, a perceptible coldness in
her voice.
"No. I am considered a dispenser of
coins. Still, I rather like the idea of pos
sessing this queer bit of money as a pock
et-piece. I intend to. keep it forever and
let it descend -as an heirloom to the gen
erations that follow me," he said, laugh
ingly. "Why are you so curious about
itr;
'Because it comes from the city and
country in which I live," she responded.
"If you. were in a land far away from
your own would you not be interested in
anything— even a coin — that reminded you
of home?" \ .
Did he remember! His heart almost
turned over with the joy of knowing that
she had really noticed and remembore-l
him. Involuntarily his glad fingers closed
down upon the gl6ved hand that lay be
neath them.
"I believe I do remember, now that you
speak of it," he said in a stifled voice.
"You were standing at a window?"
"Yes; and I saw you kissing those ladles
goodby, too. Was one of them your wife,
or were they \ all your sisters? I have
wondered."
"They— they were— cousins," he In
formed her, confusedly, recalling an in
cident that had been forgotten. He had
kissed Mary Lyons and Edna Burra} 1 ;^ —
but their brothers were present. "A fool
ish habit, isn't it?"
. "I do not know. I have no grown cous
ins," she replied demurely. "You Ameri
cans have such funny customs, though.
Where I live no gentleman would 'think
of pressing a lady's hand until it pained
her. Is it necessary?" In the question
there was a quiet dignity, half submerged
,in scorn, so pointed, so unmistakable that
he flushed, turned cold with mortification,
and hastily removed the amorous fingers.
"I crave your pardon. It is such a
strain to hold myself and you against the
rolling of this wagon that I unconscious
ly gripped your hand harder than I knew.
You— you will not misunderstand my mo
tive?" he begged, fearful lest he had of
fended her by .his ! ruthlessness.
: "I could not misunders.tand something
that does not exist," she. said, simply,
proudly., ;
"By Jove, she's beyond comparison!" he
thought. ,
"You have explained, and I am sorry I
spoke as I did. I shall not again forget
how- much I owe ypu.". . ... ..
"Your indebtedness, U Uiere be one.
, "At Denver?"
"How do you know I got on at Den
ver?"
"Why, you passed me in the aisle with
your luggage. Don't you remember?"
He detected a tone of security in her
voice.
"But he will stop! Your uncle will see
to that, even If tho operator fails."
"My uncle will kill him if he does not
stop or come back for me," she said,
complacently!
"I was not wrong," thought Grenfall;
"ho looks like a duelist. Who the devil
are they, anyhow?" Then aloud: "At
this rate we'd be able to beat the train
to Washington in a straight-away race.
Isn't it a delightfully wild ride?"
"I have acquired a great deal of knowl
edge in America, but this is the first
time I have heard your definition of de
light. I agree that it is wild."
For some moments there was silence in
tho noisy conveyance. Outside, the cack
of the driver's whip, his hoarse cries, and
the nerve-destroying crash of the wheels
produced impressions of a mighty storm
rather than of peace and pleasure.
"I am curious to know where you ob
tained the coin you lost In the car yes
terday," she said at last, as if relieving
her mind of a question that had been
long subdued.
"The one you so kindly found for me?"
he asked, procrastlnatingly.
"Yes. They are certainly rare in this
country."
"I never saw a coin like it until after
I had seen you," he confessed. He felt
her arm press his a little tighter, and
there was a quick movement of her head
which told him, dark as it was, that she
was trying to see his face and that her
blue eyes were wide with something
more than' terror.
"I do not understand," she exclaimed.
"I obtained. the coin from a sleeping-car
porter, who said some one gave it to him
and told him to have a 'high time* with
It," he explained In her ear.
"Ho evidently did not care for the 'high
time,' " she said, after a moment. He
would have given a fortune for one
glimpse at her face at that instant.- \u25a0 '.
"I think he said it would be necessary
Unable to resist, he released the strap
to which he had clung so grimly, and
placed his strong, firm hand encourag
ingly over the little one that gripped his
arm with the clutch of death. It was
very dark and very lonely, too!
"Oh!" she cried, as his hand clasped
hers. "You must hold to the strap."
"It Is broken!" he lied, gladly. "There
is no danger. See! My hand does not
tremble, does it? Be calm! It cannot
be much farther."
"Will it not be dreadful if the con
ductor refuses to stop?" she cried, her
hand resting calmly beneath its protector.
"Perfectly. He is no other than Light
horse Jerry, the king of stage drivers."
In the darkness he smiled to himself ma
liciously.
"Oh, then we need feel no alarm," she
said, reassured, not knowing that Jerry
existed only in the yellow-backed novel
her informant had read when a boy. •
There was such a roaring and clattering
that conversation became cfnost impos
sible. When either spoke it was with
the mouth close to the ear of the other.
At such times Grenfall could feel her
breath on his cheek. Her sweet voice
went tingling to his toes with every word
she uttered. He was in a daze, out of
which sung the mad wish that he might
clasp her in his arms, kiss her, and then
go tumbling down the mountain. She
trembled in the next fierce lurches, but
gave forth no complaint. He knew that
she was in terror but too brave to mur
mur.
and they might go rolling to the bottom
of the ravine, hundreds of feet below.
Still, he must not let her see hia appre
hension. "This fellow is considered the
best driver in the mountains," he pre
varicated. Just then he remembered hav
ing detected liquor on the man's breath
as he closed the door behind him. Per
haps he w-as Intoxicated!
"Do you know him?" questioned the
clear voice, her lips close to his ear, her
warm body pressing against his.
\u25a0 "Pray be calm. I was to blame, for I
had become careless. He is earning his
money, that's all. It was not stipulated
in the, contract that he was- to consider
the comfort of his passengers." Grenfall
"I believe I thought as much at the
time. Oh, confound this road!" For a
half-mile or more the road had been fair
ly level, but, a3 the ejaculation indicates,
a rough place had been reached. He was
flung back in the corner violently, his
head coming in contact with' a sharp pro
jection of some kind. The pain was al
most unbearable, >ut it was eased by the
fact that she had involuntarily thrown
her arm across his chest, her hand
grasping his shoulder spasmodically.
"Oh, we shall be killed!" she half
shrieked. "Can you not stop him? This
is madness— madness!"
"Since you presume to believe the mir
ror instead of me, I will tell you. There
was a dispatch on the first page that in
terested me deeply."
"With a poor old mirror? For shame!
Yet, in the name of our American glass
industry, I ask your forgiveness. It shall
not happen again. You •will iSlmit that
you were trying to read over my shoulder.
Thanks for that immutable nod. Well, I
am curious to know what you were so
eager to read."
. "I was not!" she exclaimed, indignantly.
"How did you know that?" she inconsist
ently went on.
"You forget the mirror in the opposite
side of the car."
"Ach! now I am offended."
"That was either irony or the prettiest
speech a woman every uttered," he said,
warmly. "I am also curious about some
thing. You were reading over my should
er in the observation car "
the debt, and allow it to draw Interest
forever."
"What a financier!" ane cried. "That
Jest was worthy of a courtier's deepest
flattery. Let me say that I am proud to
owe my gratitude to you. • You will not
permit it to grow less."
Ycu Can Escape a Great Deal of Ugly Jostling 'if You WiJl-.Take Hold ' of .My '"Arm arid.Cling to If Tightly.
speak to me as you will. You could not
say anything unjust without asking my
forgiveness, artd when you do that you
more than pay the debt. It is worth a
great deal to me to hear you say that you
owe something to me, for I am only tco
glad to be your creditor. If there Is a
debt, you shall never pay it; it is too
pleasant an account to be settled with
'you're welcome.' If you insist that you
ewe much to me I shall refuse to cancel
does not d«*prtve you ot the liberty to
could feel himself turn pal* as something
warm began to trickle down hla nedc.
"Now tell me which dispatch It was. I
read all of them."
"You did? Of what Interest could they
have been?"
"Curiosity does not recognize reason."
"You resd every one of them?"
"Assureoly."
"Xhen I shall grant you the right to
guess which interested me the most. You
Americana delight in puzzles, I am told."
"Now, that is unfair."
"So it is. Did you read the dispatch
from Constantinople?" Her arm fell to
her side suddenly as if she had just real
ized its position.
"The one that told of the French Em
bassador's visit to the Sultan?"
"Concerning the small matter of a loan
cf some millions— yes. Well, that was of
interest to me inasmuch as the loan, if
mado, will affect my country."
"Will you tell me what country you are
from?"
"I am from Graustark."
•'Yes; but I don't remember where that
Is."
"Is it possible that your American
schools do not teach geography? Ours
tell us where the United States are lo
cated."
"I confess ignorance," he admitted.
"Then 1 shall insist that you study a
map. Graustark is small, but I am as
proud of it as you are of this great broad
:ountry that reaches from ocean to ocean.
I can scarcely wait until I again see our
dear crags and valleys, our rivers and
ever blue skies, our plains and our towns.
I wonder if you worship your country as
[ love mine?"
"Frcm the tenor of your remarks I
judge that you have been away from
home for a long time," he volunteered.
"We have seen something of Asia, Aus
tralia, Mexico and the United States since
we left Edelweiss, six months ago. Now
we are going home — home!" She uttered
the word so lovingly, so longingly, so ten
derly, that he envied the homeland.
There was a long break in the conver
sation, both evidently wrapped in thought
which could not be disturbed by the whirl
of the coach. He was wondering how he
could give her up, now that she had been,
tossed into his keeping so strangely. She
was asking herself over and over again
how so thrilling an adventure would end.
They were sore and fatigued with the
strain on nerve and flesh. It was an ex
perience never to be forgotten, this ro
mantic race over the wild mountain road,
the result still in doubt. Ten minutes ago
—strangers; now— friends at least, neither
knowing the other. She was admiring him
for hir, generalship, his wonderful energy;
he was blessing the fate that had coma
to his rescue when hope was almost dead.
He cf.uld scarcely realize that he was
awake. Could it be anything but a vivid
fancy from which he was to awaken and
find himself alone in his berth, the buzz-
Ing, clacking car wheels piercing his ears
with sounds so unlike these that had been
whispered into them by a voice, sweet and
maddening, from out the darkness of a
dreamland cab?
"Surely we must be almost at the end
of this awful ride," she moajied, yielding
completely to the long suppressed alarm.
"Every bone in my body aches. What
shall we do if they have not held the
train?"
"Send for an undertaker," he replied
grimly, seeing policy in jest. They were
now ascending an incline, bumping over
boulders, hurtling through treacherous
ruts and water-washed holes, rolling,
swinging, jerking, crashing. "You have*
been brave all along; den't give up now.
It is almost over. You'll soon be with
your friends."
"How can I thank you?" she cried, grip
ping his arm once more. Again his hand
dropped upon hers and closed gently.
"I wish that I could do a thousand times
as much for you," he said thrillingly, her
disheveled hair touching his face so close
were his lips. "Ah, the lights of the
town!" he cried an instant later. "Look!"
He held her so that she could peer
through the rattling glass window. Clode
at hand, higher up the steep, many lights
were twinkling against the blackness
Almost before they realized how near
they were to the lights the horses began
to slacken their speed, a moment later
coming to a standstill. The awful ride
was over.
"The train! the train!" she cried in
ecstacy. "Here, on the other side.
Thank heaven!"
He could not speak for the joyful pride
that distended his heart almost to burst
ing. The coach door flew open and Light
Horse Jerry yelled:
"Here y're! I made her!"
"I should say ycu did!" exclaimed Gren
fall, climbing out and drawing her after
him gently. "Here's your ten."
"I must send you something, too, my
good fellow," cried the lady. "What la
your address— quick?"
"William Perkins, O— -, West Virginny
ma'am."
Lorry was dragging her toward the car3
as the driver completed the sentence.
Several persons were running down the
platform, dimly lighted from the string
cf car windows. She found time to pant
as they sped along:
"He was not Light Horse Jerry, at all!"
Ill— MISS GUGGEXSLOCKER
He laughed, looking down into her se'i
ous upturned face. A brief smile of' un
derstanding flitted across her lips as she
broke away from him and threw herself
into the arms of tall, excited Uncle Cas
par. The conductor, several trainmen
and a few eager passengers came up, tha
former crusty and snappish.
"Well, get aboard!" he growled. "We
can't wait all n'ght."
The young lady looked up quickly, her
sensitive face cringing beneath the rough
command. Lorry stepped instantly to the
conductor's side, shook his finger vigor
ously under his nose and exclaimed in
; no uncertain tones:
"Now, that's enough from you! If I
hear another word out of you I'll make
you sweat blood before to-morrow morn
1 ing. Understand, my friend." 4
"Aw, who are you?" demanded the con
ductor, belligerently.
! "You'll learn that soon enough. After
• this you'll have sense enough to find out
' whom you are talking to before you open
that mouth of yours. Not another word!"
1 Mr. Grenfall Lorry was not president of
; the read, nor was he in any way con
' nected with it. but his well assumed air
' of authority caused the trainman's ire
1 to dissolve at once.
1 "Excuse me, air. I've been worried to
I death on this run. I meant no offense.
That old gentleman has threatened to
' kill me. Just now he took out his watch
1 and said if I did not run back for his
niece in two minutes he'd call me out
'\u25a0 and run me through. I've been nearly
1 crazy here. For the life of me, I don't
! see how you happened to be — "
dashed into the depot and up to the
operator's window.
"What's the' nearest station east of
here?"
- "P ." leisurely answered the agent.
in some surprise.
"How far is it?"'
"Four miles."
"Telegraph ahead and hold the train
that .Just left here."
"The train don't stop there."
"It's got to stop there— or there'll be
more trouble than this road has had
since it began business. The conductor
pulled out and left two of h!s passengers
—gave out wrong: information and he'll
have to hold his train there or bring her
back here. If you don't send that order
I'll report you as well as the conductor.*'
GrcnCall'e manner was commanding. The
Bgent'l impression was that he was Im
portant—that he had a right to give or
ders. But he hesitated.
"There's no way for you but to get to
P — anyway," he said, while turning the
matter over in his mind.
"You stop that train! I'll pet there in
side of twenty minutes. Now be quiok!
Wire them to hold her— or there'll be an
order from headquarters fcr some nine'y
day lay-offs." The ppont started at him:
then turned to his instrument, and thei
message went forward. Lorry rushed out.
On the platform he nearly ran over the
hurrying figure in the tan coat.
"Pardon me. I'll explain things in a
minute." he grasped, and dashed away.
Her troubled eyes blinked with astonish
ment.
At the end of the platform stood a moun
tain coach, along: the sides of which was
printed In yellow letters. "Happy
Srrinp-p." The driver va? climbing up to
nis se?t and the cumbersome trap wad
empty.
"Want to make ten dollars?" cried
Grenfall.
"What say?" demanded the driver, half
falling to the ground.
"Get me to P inside of twenty min
utes, and I'll give you ten dollars. Hurry
up! Answer!"
"Yes. but you see. I'm hired to "
"Oh. that's all right! You'll never make
rr.crey easier. Can you get us there in
twenty minutes?"*
"It's four mile. rardner. and not wry
good road, either. File in. and we'll rruike
it c-r kill old Hin and Jim. Mis? the
train?"
"Get yourself ready for a race with an
exrres« train and don't ask nuesticn.-.
Kill "em both if you have to. I'll be bock
in a second!"
Pnck to ine station he tore. She was
f-t.Trding: near Use door, looking up the
track miserably. Already night was fall
ing. Men were lighting the switch lan
terns and the morntains were turning
into great black shadows.
"Come quickly: I have a wagon ctit
here."
Resist'epsly she was hurried nlong and
ffirly shoved through the open door of
tbe odd-locking erarh. He was beside her
or the seat in an instant, and her bewil
dered ears her.rd him say:
"Drive Slice the very deuce!" Then the
door slammed.' the driver clattered up to
his seat and the horses were off with a
rush.
"After that train. I'll tell you all about
It wbon I get my breath. This Is to be
the quickest escape from a dilemma on
! record — providing it is an escape." By
th's time they were bumping along the
flinty road at a lively rate, jolting about
on the seat In a most disconcerting man
ner. After a few long, deep breaths he
told her how the ride in the Springs luieK
had been conceived and of the arrange
ment he had made with the dispatcher.
Tie furthermore ncquwinted her with the
cause of his being left when he might
have caught the train.
"Just as T reached the track, out of
breath "nut rejoicing. I remembered hav
ir.ff seen you on that side street, and
knew that you would be left. It would
rave been heartless to leave you here
without protection, so I felt tt my duty to
let the train go and h*ip you out cf a
\"ery ugly predicament."
"How can I ever repay you?'' she mur
mured. "It was so good and thoughtful
of you. ' Oh, I shculd have died had I
been left here alone. Do you not think
my uncle will miss me and have the train
sent back?" she went on, sagely.
"That's sol" he exclaimed, somewhat
disconcerted. "But I don't know, eitl;<?r.
He may not miss you for a long tirrie.
thinking ycu are In some other car. you
know. That could easily happen," tri
umphantly.
"Can this man get us to the next sta
tion in time?" she questioned, looking at
the black mountains and the dense foli
age. It was now quite dark.
"If he doesn't bump us to death before
we get half way there. He's driving like
the wind."
"You must let me pay half his bill," she
eaid. decidedly, from the dark corner in
which ehe was huddling.
H© could find no response to this per
emptory requegt.
"The road is growing' rougher. If you
•will allow rne to make a suggestion, I
think you will see Us wisdom. You can
escape a great deal of ugly Jostling if
you will take hold of my arm and cling
to It tightly. I will brace myself with
this strap. I am sure it will eave j'ou
many hard bumps."
Without a word she moved to his side
and wound her strong little arm about I1I3
big one.
"I had thought of that." she said sim
ply. "Thank you." Then after a moment,
while his heart thumped madly: "Had It
occurred to you that after you ran so
hard you might have climbed aboard the
train and ordered the conductor to stop it
for me?"
"I— I never thought of that!" he cried,
confusedly.
"Please do not think me ungrateful.
You have been very good to me, a
stranger. One often thinks afterward of
things one might have done, don't you
know? You did the noblest w T hen you
incon% r enienced yourself for me. What
trouble I have made for you." She said
this so prettily that he came gayly from
the despondency into which her shrewd
ness, bordering on criticism, had thrown
him. lie knew perfectly well that she
was questioning his Judgment and pres
ence of mind, and, the more he thought
cf it the more transparent became the
absurdity of his action.
"It has been no trouble," he flound
ered. "An adventure like this is worth
no end of— er— inconvenience, as you call
it. I'm sure I must have lost my head
completely, and I am ashamed of myself.
How much anxiety I could have saved
you had I been possessed of an ounce
of brains!"
"Hush! I would not allow you to say
that. You -would have me appear un
grateful when I certainly am. not. Ach,
how he is driving! Do you think it
dangerous?" she cried, as the hack gave
two or three wild lurches, throwing him
Into the corner and the girl half upon
him.
"Aot In the least," he gasped, the
breath knocked out of his body. Just the
same he was very much alarmed. It wa3
as dark as pitch outside and in and he
could not help wondering how near the
edge of the mountain side they were run
ning-. A false move of the flying horse*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE STORY OF LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE.
7Millions of dollars hove been given by
Morgan to charity, but the- work In which
he takes the most interest is that of Dr.
Rainsford In St. George's parish. New
Tork. Here they have all kinds of costly
experiments in progress for the ameliora
tion of the condition of tho submerged
tenth. There Is a coal yard where coal is
bought by the ship load in summer, when
it Is cheap, and sold out by tho tin buck
etful in tho winter time at the same price.
There is also a parish store where are
gathered the good as new cast-off clothes
of tho wealthy parishioners, to be sold at
nominal prices to the poor who have
many shivering children to cover. A
school of domestic economy 13 conducted
free of charge, where women may go and
learn to make one dollar do the work of
four by judicious expenditure and careful
handling of the purchases. A boys* train
ing school and boys* clubs are on a larger
scale than usual, and to these Mr. Mor
gan pays the compliment of giving his
personal attention, even making short ad
dresses to the boys. Cottages by the sea
on Long Island have also been built and
are rented at small cost to cover repairs
to those poor of the parish who need the
sea air to enable them to recover from
illnesses that succumb to the atmosphera
of the tenements. There is no limit to the
amount that he is willing to expend In
charity so that it is the kind that he!p3,
but he is wary of the kind of giving
which only tends to make the recipients
more dependent. So broad are all of the
many works of Morgan that it Is confus
ing to attempt to even classify them. A
story of his life would be the history ot
America to-day.
WHERE HOSPITALITY WILL BE
- AT ITS VERY BEST:
THIS has been California's lucky year
In things both large and small. Cali
fornia hospitality is famous, and as
though she has not enough reputa
tion the richest man in America and
the best cook in America have come out
here to help sustain It. When Mr. Mor
gan determined to keep open house for
the notable delegates to the convention
he very thoughtfully took away with him
the caterer best beloved of all New York's
four hundred and brought him— the inimi
table Louis Sherry— out here to delight
the palates of our notable guests.
It took something more than money to
make Louis Sherry leave his eight-story
rotisserle, with Its cellar full of wines and
the roof garden which crowns Its glory,
and' hike out here to California. But the
gustatory honor of the country "was at
stake. It is well known that clergymen
have delicate appetites and Bishops, by
one degree more of advancement, have
still more refined palates. , There were
Lord Bishops coming from England and
Bishops from Asia, . Africa and South
America. Furthermore, the American
delegates are something themselves.
When the convention was at Washington
three years ago Washington said that it
was the brainiest convention which had
ever met there, and Washington knows
brains when it sees them. Now every
body knows that preparing brain food is
a delicate matter, 'and for the glory . of
the convention, of California, of the
church and the ' whole country ' Louis
Sherry left the four hundred to whet their
appetites, while he came out here to cook
for tho one hundred.
Mr. Morgan has always been an ardent
worker for the church in his quiet way
and has attended every convention for
the last fifteen years or more, always tak
ing a large house and doing his best to
make the wanderers gathered from
abroad feel themselves at.home under his
roof. .It la at rreat \u25a0aerifies of his own
interests, without doubt, and sometimes
the high pressure under which he works
even breaks- in on .the midst of, his trip.
An Instance of ; this is given by one who
was at his dinner table one day while in
Washington, at the last Triennial Con
clave. A servant came in and laid
a letter -. on the table by his / plate
before he had finished his soup. Mr.
Morgan read the letter, whispered to an
attendant to whom He had beckoned and,
excusing himself, .shortly afterward left
the table. It transpired that he had upon
reading the letter ordered his private car
to be telephoned for, a carriage ordered
and before his guests rose from the table
he was speeding away over the Pennsyl
vania line, going to Wall street as fast
as steam could_ carry him. While Mr.
Morgan alone dispenses his hospitality
out here all California* reaps the advan
tage of It, for those people from far-away
States and countries^ who have the for
tune to be his guests, will always carry
inseparably connected In their memories
the luxurious Interior of the Crocker
home, the incomparable catering of Sher
ry, the genial manners 'of Mr. Morgan
and the sunny skies and balmy airs of
the city by the Golden Gate.
only thing remaining for him, which was
to accept the offer.
He is above all things a quick judge of
human nature, and It Is by his study of
men more than facts that he makes up
his mind for action. This is shown by
the difference In the reception accorded to
a. young broker who had undertaken to
finance a rather daring scheme for a -cli
ent and came to Mr. Morgan with some
trepidatlwi to submit what was really a
good list of securities upon which his cli
ent wished to secure his loan. Morgan
was, as usual, easily accessible. He
looked at the broker with those eyes
which seemed to the young man, in his
own words, "to be burning clear through
him." Then, after scanning the list, Mor
gan said, "I'll take the loan," and the
young borrower was passed on to one of
the junior partners of the house. In two
minutes' time, and with the use of only
five words, Morgan had done more busi
ness than many a village bank does in a
whole year.
Mr. Morean evidently believes, with the
Indian school of philosophers, that the
use of words Is a waste of strength and
that vital energy is conserved by silence.
It Is his usual habit in accepting invita
tions to public dinners to stipulate in ad
vance of his acceptance of the Invitation
that there shall be no speechmaklng. In
his officeT^'en during the most Important
mendous profit for himself from the ne
cessities of the case. It surprised him
much when Morgan suddenly appeared
before him and said, "I'll give you $
for your property," and subsiding into
silence left the mine owner to do the.
centratlon the most eloquent gabblers and
supposedly irresistible oratorical water
spouts shed their words in vain, and come
away dumber and wiser men, leaving the
field of victory to Morgan.
, Not only Is he silent, but immovable. If
other men want to see him it is their
move. He runs to the beck and call of
none. Even when our great and glorious
Uncle Sam needs some gilding done In the
Treasury Department it Is the Secretary
of the Treasury who climbs the steps of
J. P. Morgan & Co., at the corner of Wall
and Broad streets, and not Mr. Morgan
who rushes to Washington.
All the good old axioms go to smash be
fore Morgan's way of doing things. He
does not look before he leaps, but leaps
before he looks half-over a thing, coming
to conclusions before explanations ars
finished and giving Judgment Immediately
by saying "I'll do this" or "I will not do
that." As his words are few it Is easier
for him to keep them, and It is to this
that the keenest men about him ascribe
his wonderful success in Inspiring con
fidence Jn those with whom he deals. The
nice old sayings about taking advice are
also carefully disregarded by Mr. Morgan,
who once, when a very young man, said
In answer to a friend who was trying to
restrain his impetuous business methods
and get him to seek counsel, "I find that
successful men keep their own counsels,
and only thoa-j who have made failures
are willing to give away advice."- His
own advice is good enough for him, and
by his system of non-communicative deal-
Ings he succeeds in keeping the best part
of it for himself. By acting independent
ly he saves much time, and has surprised
other financiers more by the rapidity with
which he makes financial combinations
than by the size of them. The entire
work of planning and perfecting the com
bination of the United States steel indus
tries occupied but three months. Morgan
was already the head of some branches
of the business, and happening to be at a
dinner where Mr. Schwab was descanting
dlscuBsiona, he usually observes the same
silence that he has shown during the con
vention here, but, like the Irishman's owl,
he keeps up a devil of a thinking. Op
posed to this fortress of silent mental con-
1K the good old colony times, when we
lived under the King, the ancestors
of J. P. Morgan were then, even la
those early days, stout pillars of the
church in the commonwealth of
Massachusetts.
They treated with the Indians, helped
in'lhe drafting of the State's constitution
and later on fousht in *the war of the
Involution. For the whole two hundred
end fifty rears that the family has been
la America it has occupied a front rank
ar:d has grown with the country.
Miles Morgan was one uf the founders
of the town of Sprinsfield, and Joseph
llorfran. grandtatber of N John Pierpont
Horsan, \u25a0was a trcll-to-do innkeeper of
Hartford. Cor.r... In the Oays when the
keeper of tho inn was the principal gen
tleman of yo towne. Joseph Morgan made
money In the slow way fhat people did
Til;cn there wore only a few barrelsful of
pino tree shillings in New England and
Spanish douM.-ons hud to fill the gaps left
by the scarcity of English coins.
JunrJE Spencer Morgan, the father of
the present master of finances, was him
eelf a banker of hisrliest ability. He had
a natural inclination for work of the
cer.ntfns house and uas a bank clerk
whci only a boy. Me inherited from his
father Joseph .ill of the earnings of the
profitable tavern commenced life well
oft for those times. He was associated
for a time with Lcvi I\ Morton in the dry
goods trade and later becamo interested
in bt'.s:r.?.-:s ventures jointly with George
Foabody, the first notable millionaire
philanthropist.
Junius S. Morgan's success was owing
to his daring in starting: his London bank
ing house, which prospered his affairs to
such an extent that he w »s able to leave
nearly ten million dollars to his son, John
Plerpcnt Morgan.
The mother of J. P. Morgan was de
scended Irom a stock which was as strong
and influential in a patriotic, poetic and
literary way as the Morgans were in the
financial. She was a daughter of Rev.
John Pierpont of Boston, a man whose
strong mind was devoted to reforms for
the good of the human race.
J. P. Morgan was born on the 17th of
April, 1S37. near Hartford, Conn., on a
farm which has since been incorporated
with the town, as the latter has grown
out and around it. Morgan as a boy was
sturdy and solid, studying not so hard as
to distinguish himself and ruin his con
stitution; neither was he talkative nor
Inclined to the social side of school life.
His pleasures seem to have been mainly
those of outdoor sports, hunting, fishing
and boating. His education was finished
by two years* study at the University of
Gottingen, Germany. From there he re
turned to take a place in the foreign ex
change department of the American
brar.ch of his father's bank, and it was
In that broad school that he got his grasp
on the method of handling International
finances.
The latter part of Mr. Morgan's life has
been devoted to a realization of the
dreams of his two grandfathers: for one
the achievement of vast wealth: for the
other, the reformer John Pierpont. He
is putting an end to destructive compe
tition by uniting rival and combative
forces and increasing the possibilities for
useful creativeness. The scale on which
he is uniting already surprising aggre
gations cf capital is something unknown
in the world before and has been called
"Morganizing"' by the Xew York brokers,
vrho had nc name for such tremendous
t'nior.s cf capital as Mr. Morgan has ef
fected. It is a direct step toward nation
alization, yet accomplished by a process
which appeared to have been always
tending in a reverse direction.
"The bogie of Wall street," where
troubles dim and big are continually
frighting timid capital, is J. P. Morgan,
"the old man," as he is generally called
by those who do not care to have his
name too often on their tongue. If he
\u25a0were the old man of the sea he could not
Inspire more terror among many of the
"operators" who make an exploiter's
living by wiggling values up and down a
point or so to clip margins off specu
lators' investments. He has little sym
pathy with stock .jobbers of this class,
and has given them such hard squeezes
that even he himself felt sorry, and
rather than send the whole card house of
speculative investment tumbling by ex
acting his pound of flesh he has permit
led liiem to "£>ab?" and c~t tbelr losses
to figures which they could stand.
This will be remembered as. having ofi'
curred only recently In London, when
th« fight over Northern Pacific nearly
caused the ruin of dozens who got caught
between the shears that Morgan wields.
Mr. Morgan has from the beginning of
his business life always followed his own
advice and been sole dictator of all of
the affairs In which he has taken part,
for he believes In no divided authority,
and even the banking house of J. P.
Morgan & Co. Is a partnership and not
a corporation. It Is to this freedom of
action that he owes much of his power,
for it enables him to Instantly take ad
vantage of turns of the wheel of fortune
without waiting for the action of a cum
bersome board of directors.
In the matter of the use of words he
chows extreme parsimony. He has
learned well the lesson that words are
the most expensive things any person
can uso, even 'if they do flow freely. In
business he Is fond of limiting his con
versations to the conventional length of
the ten-wcrd telegram, or as much less
as he can condense his statement.
When once the short statement is made.
It Is his last. There Is no appeal and no
time lost in making one. The advantage
which this method of doing business
gives him can be Imagined from the fol
lowing story.
The owner of a Pennsylvania coal mine
found that his mine was the key to a
situation which Morgan must hold. Mor
gan did not go to the miner. That Is not
his way. Finally the miner came to Mor
gan, who allowed him to have a good,
long wait in the anteroom to work him
self into that peculiar state of nervous
ness which a!v.-ays Snakes one act the
imbecile. The mine owner had come
£ovn intending to squeeze out a tre-
on the wonderful possibilities of tlia
structural steel industry he foresaw that
the time would come when steel would re
place the products of forest and quarry.
The process of specialization had sepa
rated what should have been allied inter
ests until all were, at loggerheads, and the
Idea of a gigantic combination of them,
while promising wonderful Increase of
profit, showed almost hopeless obstacles
in the way. Yet it was but three months
from that time that the largest corpora
tion in the world had been organized by
combining these branches and the stock
was on sale.
New York financiers are usually lumped
together in a single class, with no differ
ence between them but their relative
wealths, in the minds of those who are
not familiar with their ways. As a fact,
no two of them are in the same line of
business. Sage was a money lender pure
and simple; Keene a speculator who
watched for the turn of the market as a
gambler does the turn of a card. Goulti
was a wrecker who profited by the mis
fortunes which he often helped to bring
about. The Vandsfisilts and Astors are
strictly confined to their specialties oC
transportation and real estate, but Mor
gan's work i3 on broader lines. It Is al
ways by putting co-operation in the place
of competition, by paying the bills of
those who are swamped with debt and
reaping hl3 profit from increased produc
tion and its attendant prosperity. The
railroads of the South offered an Inviting
field, and there he has secured control of
nearly everything on wheels that is pulled
by steam. The methods of the Southern
loads' business managers had about
wound them up In bankruptcy and litiga
tion. "When Morgan tack , hold of the
problem it required months for him to
make head or tail out of the confusion.
When his plan was formulated It required
twenty-six foreclosure suits to vanish the
ghostly equities of the chancery courts
and expenditure of enough money to can
cel two hundred and fifty millions of In
debtedness. The Southern Railway, whlca
was the name of the company evolved by
this feat of "Morganization," was not at
first popular with investors, who were loth
to see how the combination of a number of
failures could make a success. It was in
1S33 that Mr. Morgan began his recon
struction of the Southern reads. To-day
the combination of them makes one of
the best paying systems of the country
an-d has had much to do with, the pros
perity of the "New South."
Morgan's upbuilding, helpful policy
should be remembered by those who crit
icize his vast accumulations. "While oth
ers during the time of trouble with our
Government were running down Its credit
and running up the price of gold In a vain
attempt to wreck the Union the Morgana,
on the contrary, were the first to offer
gold for the resumption of specie pay
ments in 1S7G, when the country had been
for years in a precarious financial condi
tion, with its paper promises always be
low par. Again in 1S35 and 1S96 Morgan
came to the aid of the country and if he
did charge a high price it was no more
than was necessary to enable him to
tempt timid capital from the - secure
depths of the safe deposit vaults In whica
it bad taken hiding.
The greatest feat which Morgan has
accomplished in the financial world — ona
that appeals to every proud American —
was his turning the tables on tho money
lenders of Europe by financing tho first
foreign loan which was ever negotiated
here— that of Mexico for one hundred and
ten million dollars. The following year
he secured twelve million dollars by the
gale of English bonds In New York, and
eince that time one after another of for
eign countries are learning to come hera
for their money.
The world's financial and commercial
center is rapidly being pulled to the west
ward by this man who has done so much
to make the United States the commercial
unit that his forefathers helped to. make
it politically. And still ho looks farther
westward, for already he has assisted in
financing two great transcontinental lines
—Hill's road and the Northern Pacific
Vv'ith all the business en his hand3 he la
such a rusher that he finds time, to devote
to the collection of curios, to the raising of
fine stock, to supervising the building of
his own yachts and a general interest in
the sport of yachting which led him to
head the syndicate which built th© Co
lumbia,
While he lovea curios, hs does not be
lieve in hiding: them away to be seen only
by himself. The collection of rare fabrics
and produeta from the looms of strange
countries which ho presented to the
Cooper Institute delights thousands, and
bo does the Tiffany cabinet of rare gems
which he- gave to the American Museum
of Natural History. Of Ies3 popular in
terest, but more valuable to artists and
antiquarians, are numerous rare Greek,
ornaments donated to the Metropolitan
Museum cf Art.
A. PIERPONT MORGAN==THE MAN
THE. SUNDAY CALL.
8Many Alameda and South End oarsmen
were out last Sunday. The South Ends
had a race between a crew consisting of
Charles Jenkins, Ed Pallas, J. Pallas and
M. Cashman in the racing barge, anil a
fourmade up of C. C. Dennis, Matt Har
ris, J. P. Foley and J. McGeorge In tlis
barge Felton, the latter receiving thirty
Beconds Btart. The race to the Union
Iron Works and back to the clubhouse
was a close one, the Felton crew winning
by one length, though on the previous
Sunday the McGeorge erew in the racing
barge, conceding one minute, had been
beaten. It is likely that eome South EM
oarBmen will attend the Dolphin enter
tainment to-day. If the South Ends can
get the loan of the Ariel racing bar^e
they may send two crews over to the A\i
meda Club regatta on Lake Merritt, the
date of which is not yet settled. Charles
Melrojso, the well known Olympic swlrn.
mer and water polo, player, la rowing
from the South End house and may Join
the cIud.
There will be a quarter-mile handicap
Bwlmming race, and for the entertain
ment of the fair visitors several comic
events have been provided, such as kyack
races, walking the greasy pole and an
old-clothes race, in which the swimmers
must wear coat, vest, trousers, hat and
shoes, and must return to the slide with
everything on, the distance being fifty
yards out and back.
The Olympic Club Is desirous to secure
a long lease of suitable ground in East
Oakland near Sessions Basin or in Ala
meda near the Alameda Boat Club quar
ters, but so far has not toeen able to get
what it wants. It is said that some of
the members of the Olympic Boat Club
would rather retain the Belvedere house,
but the advantages of that location are
small as compared with those of quarters
on Oakland Creek. Oakland or Alameda
can be reached every half-hour during the
day, and a large number of associate
members could be obtained from those
towns who do not care to Incur the ex
pense of joining the Post-street club, che
dues of which are high for many young
men. It is certain an accessible boathouse
and smooth water to row upon would
greatly Increase the interest in boating
among the Olympics, who have plenty of
excellent material for oarsmen. It ie
almost equally sure that rowing will
never acquire much hold of the Olympic
members as long as the inadequate, in
accessible quarters at Belvedere are re
tained. It is hardly possible to train a
racing crew in Tiburon Cove, cumbered as
it Is with arks and yachts, and the upper
bay is not suitable for rowing on sum
mer afternoons.
MEMBERS of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club hold their
annual entertainment to-day for
ladies. The committee in charge, consist
ing of Captain W. O. Patch, J. S. Earls,
F. Seibel, Henry Pernau and Leo Wie-,
nand, has arranged an excellent pro
gramme. The clubhouse has been. prettily
decorated with flags and banners, and
many forms of aquatic diversion . have
been prepared. •*".-'\u25a0\u25a0
The first event on the programme is a
race tetween two four-oared barge crews—
the "lightweights," consisting of Curry,
Eiebel, Woods and Hammersmith, and the
"Juniors," DIxon. Adderley, Reimers and
Wienand. Woernner and Ferguson will
contend in a gig race against Perazzi and
Coney, and Dr. F. R. Axton against- W.
O. Patch in a shell race. Leo Wienand
will try conclusions in the outrigged skiff
with T. J. Sherry, who rowed Becond to
W. G. Hansen in the Lake Merritt re
gatta. The event which is -looked forw.ard
to with most interest and which will pro
voke the keenest struggle is the barge
race between tho "Irish" and "German"
crews, the Hibernians having won the
first race in 189S and the Teutons having
been victors in 1899 and 1900.
ning, and the opening day will find Eu-
K'-ne Geary's champion a favorite. Sacra
rr.cnto Jioy. last year's wlnr.er, will be
r.an-.e<3 by M. C. Delano. The Boy's re
cent hart] work will not add to his
chances.
Eieguoc v.-i!l run for hJs owner, D. J.
U^aley, and still be a strong choice. Otto
Zal:I will name Hcmer Boy. Floodgate
and Hickory Dick will represent George
Xc-U-.crroit. Chiarini Bros, will name
Detfdrop and cither Tame Tralee or
White Hat. Tim Cronin with Vandal and
Tra]<?e Boy stands a good ehow. Charles
Grtswold will take a chance with Flying
Pox. in rCarcte£B3 W. C. Glasson has the
t'< •' t outsider in the etake.
7 arlead Gladys end Wedgewood are
V'-' : -:i of a iwtion of the puree. J. A.
*'\u25a0\u25a0'- v.-in nominate Gladyu and Frank
L ---i \ ill run Wedgewood.
yu ULi the high class performers In
JUk local coursing are being "espe
cially prepared for the next big
event, the John Grace challenge cup
stake. This will be decided next
Sunday at Union Courstag Park. As the
time draws near the names of the old
time favorites are heard on all Bides and
clready the dogs with records axe in de
mand. The younger and more recent per
formers, as a rule, have been, a trifle un
lucky in getting hard coursing in these
last few stakes. As a result of this the
champions of last year hold first call In
the big event at present. Aeolus has had
more than his share of hard running and
it is doubtful If his owner considers him
a good chance. Cold Shivers, looked upon
as the strongest of the youngsters with
high ambitions, is out of the game, at
least for this stake.
It is expected the nomination of Beacon,
runner-up In the last John Grace cup. will
be offered. Beacon has been In training
for some time and if reports of his try
cuts are true the dog has developed Euch
speed that he will go to the slips a heavy
favorite. He has not been In the running
for some time. Many months ago the
senior Curtis, In the heat of passion, eaid
some harsh words about Union Park. He
declared his blue dog. Beacon, would
r.ever again run on the grounds. The
r>ark management took offense at the re
marks. The officers said Beacon would
Dot have any privileges, at least not until
en apolog-y from Mr. Curtis was offered.
Whether the park has withdrawn Its ulti
matum or the apology has been made has
not been stated.
Albert Curtis has In Rector an entry
that win bring home a healthy slice of
the rich purse. Rector In his la*t time out
won first honors in a stake of class.
Of the other likely candidates R, K.
Malcolm will name Black Flush and Fine
Fire. Black Flush Is the worthy son of
the great stake winner Royal Flush, and
has already shown himself a good one.
On long hares it is a ward worker that
can take honcrs from him. Fine Fire
has been in special training and is ex
pected to perform well in this event.
George Malcolm whl nominate Charta.
This member of the Curtis kennel showed
her breeding and captured her last two
stakes. While not possessed of great
speed Charta 'a a persistent courser and
clever on a hare.
Mr. Snotwell will nanrs Little Sister and
Warship. TV. H. Hinchman has secured
Luxor to represent him in the stake.
Luxor has not run up to old-time form
recently, but v:',ll be trained faithfully.
Dr. Leonard will have Game Boy and
Utrschol's Pritfe on the cards, while II.
<;. Klevesahl will run Ireland and Firm
Fellow. J. EL Rosscter •will be represent
ed by Royal Archer and Real Aristocrat.
William Manning- will name Anchor. Sterl
it. Knowles will have Freeze Out and
John Lachir.an will nominate A. J. Mar
tin.
I'alo Alto, of course, will be in the run-
Members Will Row in Outriggcd
Skiffs, Shells and Barges, Swim
and Dive to Please Fair Sex
Rich Prizes of the John Grace
Challenge Cup Event Attract
Greyhounds of Champion Class
SPEEDY COURSERS
IN TRAINING FOR
THE GREAT STAKE
DOLPHIN OARSMEN
READY TO RECEIVE
GUESTS OF HONOR
The tournament committee of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club 1b arranging a ached-
There will be an * exhibition doubles
match on the park courts this morning
between a quartet of tha best players in
the California 1 Club, The contestants will
be W. B. Collier and. Harold Crowell and
R. N. Whitney and, Grant Smith, These
men are not "accustomed to playing on
clay courts, and for this reason will not
appear at their best, but the match should
be a "good one, aa the contestants are all
clever and evenly matched,
THE winter season on the tennis
cburta la well under way and
promises to be the moat, interest
ing one in many years, The revival in
tennis is not confined to this part of the
State, but Is noticeable throughout the
length of tho coast, In fact, the game
throughout the entire country has never
peen so popular as it la at the present
time, Tennle has been played for centu
ries, and although other sports may take
its place for a time invariably revives,
As evidence of this one has but to so t«j
Golden Gate Park and note the crowded
condition of tha eight courts from morn
ing till night; Heretofore the only play
ing in the city has been done at the Cali
fornia Tennis 'Club, but. with the park
courts available it is- possible for anybody
to become expert nt the game, The oil
packed courts have, not proved puccesB
ful bo far, for the pimple reason that ; It
taken months to get thorn in proper con-.
(lit ion, By next spring these courts will
be the finest clay, courts on. the coait,
They will be almost as true aa bitumen
courts,
Tho freshman team is gradually round
ing Into form, and the cardinal's hopes for
a victory over tho California youngsters
on the 19th inst. are rising corresponding
ly. The freshmen in the earlier part of
tho season showed so little class spirit
and interest in the game that the coaches
became discouraged at the outlook.
On the big. eleven "Fluffy" Traeger Is
the particular star, his place-kicking be
ing a feature of the practice, The coaches
have been trying him at end, and the big
fellow may play that position instead of
tackle. , -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct.
32. -(Improvement in the football
teams, particularly the, fresh
man, has been quite marked this week.
While the weather has been j decidedly
warm for hard work, the men seem to get
into the- game with much more snap than
they did last week. Undoubtedly the Im
proved condition and spirit of the men is
due in a large measure to the strict train
ing rules enforced since Monday and to
the , fact _that they have been eating at
the' training table under the supervision
of Trainer "Dad"* Moulton during the
week. I After the game with' Reliance Sat
urday tho coaches decided that something
must be done to put more life into the
players. As a result an order was issued
Monday that candidates for the football
teams must refrain from attending dances
and other social functions during the foot
ball season.
TENNIS REGAINS ALL ITS OLD-TIME POPULARITY.
SERKELEY. Oct. 12.— The im
provement during the past week
of the individual and team play
ing on the University of California eleven
has- been decidedly marked. The men
have increased in ability in a satisfactory
way, although there is of course still
much to accomplish before the big game,
less than a month away.
In the Olympic gamo of last Saturday
the Californians several times failed to
concentrate their efforts at critical mo
ments. ' After playing in splendid style
until the goal line was within their reach,
they would go to pieces and fail to score.
This la^k of united effort was noticeable
throughout the game. Recent practice is
eliminating this.
Gendotti now has Freshman Morehead
as an opposing candidate for center, Tho
new man is heavier than Gendotti but is
less certain in passing the ball. He is,
however, developing into a promising
rival for the older man. Overall, at right
guard, is playing a steady, reliable gamo,
When opposed to Cadwalader In the
Olympic struggle he was able to play even
with that veteran in spite of tho club
man's superior weight. His punting Is
strong and reliable.
More and Hudson are trying out for
quarter and are making an even race for
it. Hudson is playing remarkably well,
Womble Is back at his old position at,
right end and plays with his* usual sure-
ness and dash. Mini, at left half, is doing
remarkable work and is one of the sur
est men for gains on the team.
He is suffering from a badly bruised
thigh which is hindering his practice con
siderably.
The freshman eleven is an erratic body
and has been playing some bad ball. Can
didates for positions are numerous and
among them are some good men.
The executive committee of the student
body has reported favorably on an East
ern trip for the track, team. Graduate
Manager Decoto has been instructed to
look carefully into tho. financial side of
the matter and- if necessary funds can
be secured the team wjll go. An early de
cision is wanted, as the men wish to make
dates as soon as possible for meets next
spring with Yale, Harvard, Princeton,
Cornell and possibly Chicago. The mon
would like also to take part in the Mott
Haven and Ravenswood games.
Stanford Freshmen Improve.
Lately the youngsters have taken a
brace, end if the improvement continues
will put up a hard fight for the intercol
legiate championship, In the practice
Tuesday afternoon the freshmen opposed
the big eleven; 'making: consistent gains
and finally carrying the ball over tho line
for a touchdown, The freshman' backs—
Bartell, Dole and Tarpey— are playing in
fine form. Sefton and Wilbur, the ends,
are also phowinff up well.
Football Men of Each University Continue Their
Steady Improvement, -'Which Augurs Well for
the Annual Intercollegiate Game in November
Incidents of a Game Between Reliance and California
The successful coachman always does a
driving business.
.-Snakes, it is said, appear to delight in
being shocked by electricity. Several
thousand volts passing through their
bodies merely induces a pleasant Bleep
with these curious reptiles.
The California Yacht Club holds Its
closing entertainment on the same night
and the la.st cruise of the season takes
place on the Sunday. The Corinthians
and San Franciscos • will cruise In com
pany next Sunday. The San Franciscos
havo their closing entertainment at the
clubhouse on Saturday, October 26, and
their closing cruise on the Sunday follow
ing, on which day the bridge at Tiburon
will*be raised tp let yachts pass into the
lagoon for the winter season.
The challenger designed by Crownin
shleld for the San Francisco Yacht Club
should be ready on or before the 26th, her
sails having arrived from Boston. Tha
yacht will be tried by a crew and skipper
cf the San Franciscos and will then bo
laid up for the winter.
CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB fleet
cruise'd to Corinthian Cove yester
day, where it lay at anchor for tho
night. This morning Port Captain John
H. Keefe will go to the rendezvous In a
launch, conveying the refreshments and
the outfit for the baseball teams. The an
nual baseball match will be played be
tween the "Shorts" and the "Keegana."
the former captained by Jack Short and
the latter by F. E. Schober.
The California Yacht dub has no sched
uled event for to-day. The San Francis
cos will hold a regatta at Sausallto for
small yachts Having a racing length not
exceeding twenty-five feet. The event Is
open to boats enrolled in any of the bay
clubs and Is under the management of the
regatta committee, consisting of Dr. T. I*.
Hill, W. G. Morrow and J. R. Savory. The
course, to be selected by the committee,
will begin and end at the clubhouse at
Sausalito and will probably be triangular.
On Saturday, the 5th inst.. the San
Francisco Yacht Club received some vis
iting members cf the California Club, who
sailed over from Oakland Creek. Owing
to the Iightnes3 of the wind the California
yachts Thelma, Catherine and Secret did
not reach Sausallto until after 9 p. m. J.
T. Carrier's sloop Jessie E started from
her moorings, but after coming: out of the
creek collided with a schooner, snapping
her bowsprit. In clearing ..away the
wreckage two of her crew fell into the
water, but were rescued without suffering
any harm.
During the evening there was an In
formal entertainment in the big- room of
the Sausalito. clubhouse. Last Sunday the
yachts of the San Francisco Club and of
the visitors cruised out to the channel,
where there was a moderate sailing
breeze. Among the Sausalito craft were
the yawls Royal and Phyllis and the
sloops Thetis, Mischief. Nixie, Cygnus.
Juanita, Dewcy and Anita. Secretary W.
M. Edgell's yawl Dulce has been sold and
will be moored at Tiburon..
Commodore "W. N. McCarthy's schooner
Ramona cruised to .Vallejo on Saturday,
the 5th inst., and the schooner Aggie also
went out for a spin. George E. Billings"
sloop Nixie has taken up an anchorage to
the north of the Sausalito ferry slip.
Many Corinthian yachts joined the San
Franciscos and Calif ornians in their chan
nel cruise last Sunday, but few went be
yond Lime Point. A heavy fog came in,
driving them toward the upper bay. In
Raccoon Straits the wind dropped and
the yachts did not reach their destination.
Paradise Cove, but dropped anchor in the
cove, between the point and California
City. .
The jinks committee of the Corinthian
Yacht Club held a meeting on Wednes
day night, at which the details of the
closing entertainment, to take place in the
Tiburon clubhouse on Saturday evening,
the 19th inst. were arranged.
Schmidt and Gibson, who played against
the Smith brothers In the finals of the
tournament last Sunday, surprised every
body by the clever game they put up;
Gibson has been playing only three
months, but throughout .the tournament
he drove and lobbed like a veteran. These
youngsters will undoubtedly be heard
from in the future,
The gun men are all waiting patiently
for tho -winter storms, which will send
down the birds from the north. It is the
consensus of opinion that when sea
son shall have ended the sportsmen will
be able to say it was the most satisfac
tory' in years.
ule for the next six months. There will
be a Davis cup tournament one Sunday
in each month until the cupa are disposed
of, and on one other Sunday In the month
there will be a tournament for special
prizes. On the 20th inst. there will be a
class singles tournament. There will be
five classes, the winner of each receiving
a prize, with a special prize for the win
ner of' the final. The men will probably
be classified as follows: First class— G.
F. and R. N. Whitney; second class— W.
B. Collier, Merle Johnson, H. \V. Crowell,
Fred Brown, J. D. McGavin, Grant. Smith
and F. Mitchell; third class— F. D. String
ham, C. J, Smith, Sidney Salisbury, Ray
Cornell, J. A. Code, Harry Haight, Orville
Pratt and Allyn Miller; fourth class— Carl
Gardner, W. Gorham, C. Kuehn, R. Ers
kine, Percy Williams, H. Schmidt, J. Gib
son. F. Schleef, Dr. Lane and K. C. Ham
ilton; fifth class--Dr. Noble, A, Worthlng
ton, Judges Hunt, Troutt and Kerrigan,
George Lane, B. Wallace and B. G, Wood.
Thia, 'will undoubtedly be the biggest
tournament held at - the club In years,
Outside of, the fJfst class, which is com
posed of the. Whitney brothers only, _each
class should put in at least eight entrle3.
At this rate there would be an entry Hat
of over thirty, while heretofore twenty
has been considered a heavy list. Pre
vious to this time there have been but
four classes In the club, but the presence
of bo many beginners has made it neces
sary to form a new class.
i Conditions an; different about Cordelia.
Here the marsh is preserved for some
seven miles by the clubs whose members
shoot over it. They allow shooting only
on Wednesday and Sunday of each week.
As there is no continual bombardment
the birds are not thy and feed about the
preserves, apparently oblivious of the
danger to them which lurks there two
days each week.
On the lower bay about Alvlso there are
large numbers of home bred ducks. As
there is almost continuous shooting there
the birds are timid.. A dog moving about,
a bunch of decoys or a clumsily arranged
shooting stand at once attracts their at
tention end sends them far beyond the
range of a shotgun. They spend the days
on the bay, where they are inaccessible,
and go in to feed at night.
YEAR after year the sportsmen who
enjoy a day on the marsh after
ducks go through the same experi
ences. They bait their fresh water ponds
and refurnish their shooting lodges in an
ticipation of the opening day of the sea
son," when they can lawfully go in quest
of- birds. . Their hopes are always high
and their promises of a brace of teal or
mallard made to friends are many.'
The result is always the same, and this
year is no exception to the rule. The
weather Is too warm; the flight of the
northern birds lias not set in; results are
disappointingly small. Your true, sports
man readily adapts himself to the condi
tions which surround him and settles
down to await the arrival of 'the birds
from the north, which means royal sport
and a full game bag.
San Franciscos to Hold Regatta
for Mosquito Fleet— Tiburon
Tars to Play a Baseball Game
Winter Storms Will Soon Drive
Them Down From Their fireed
ing Grounds in Northern Wilds
FLIGHT OF BIRDS
EAGERLY AWAITED
BY DUCK SHOOTERS
YACHTS WILL RACE
FOR PRIZES OFF
SAUSALITO SHORE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
FOOTBALL GIAND ON THE GRIDIRON
9also appear in frilly skirts and long
"autommy" coats. \
Skirts are worn In ('The Geisha —we
know that— Japanese enveloping skirts. In
"The Burgomaster." now touring the Mid
dle West, in "T:io Runaway Girl." "Foxy
Grandpa," "The Ladies' Paradise,"
\u2666'Hoity Toity" and all the latest importa
tions skirts are worn by the stars and
chorus, and tights are barred.
sical comedies with the hall mark of
"dear old Lunnon" l'retsh upon them. In
which the skirts are even more attractive
if possible, lu "The Strollers" in one act
Marie George, the prima donna, makes
her entree on an automobile, and she
wears the very newest wrinkle in black
taffeta automobile coats, a cute little cap
and skirts, a mass of fetching frills at
the bottom. In this act the chorus girls
perseded the French ballet dancer s min
iature petticoats, which revealed the leg
to the hip in the dancer's gyrations. Nev
ertheless the success of the London Gaiety
girls' short skirts did not completely ban
ish the tights. It remained for the mu
sical comedy of the twentieth century to
do that. We have seen "Klorodora" and
we know what kind of skirts are worn la
that. But New York has seen other mu-
is a tight to the knee, with short knlck
irbockera above, Later this was extended
md the trunk came in— a trunk that did
lot leave iho hip exposed. But "full
Ights" mean tights that leave the hip
ree of tivunk or enveloping drapery; and
'nil tights were in vogue for all spectao
llar performances up to a short time ago.
t is true that short skirts were brought
nto favor with the skirt dance that su-
the heroine has to don doublet and hose.
Yet how modest Rosalia's attire is when
contrasted with the costume of a modern
comic opera chorus! Many a girl has re
fused a chance of an engagement in a
good opera company because her accept
ance would necessitate donnlne tights.
When the fleshing first became general
in the costumes of chorus girls it was not
what Is known as "full tights." It began
naughty spectacle wnere the coryphees
appeared half clothed and in TIGHTS.
Lydia Thompson, the Idol of the chappies
In her time, wore fleshings, but not such
fleshings as the present day is accus
tomed to.
Aspirants for Shakespearean honors not
bo many yeans ago blushed, stammered
and frequently refused to study the part
of Rosalind because ia "As You Like It"
cess of two continents, tights are tabu.
It Is not likely any one of the present
generation uf theater-goers remembers
when tights first came in. Grandpa
might, or grandma— but they wouldn't
ftiy anything about It, for In their day
tights were considered dreadfully wicked.
Jt was thought almost a mortal sin to
mention "The Black Crook," much less
to have confessed having seen that
It Is the reign of skirls. Not short skirts
that for u time succeeded the long popu
lar fleshings, hut skirts such us every
lady wears when she dons dinner, recep
tion of evening gown. Since the short
Fkirt for rainy day parade became the
thing with women off the stage those on
the other side of the footlights took to
long petticoats. In "ICiorodora," the suc-
TIGHTS are out and skirts are in
again. London says so, New York
Bays so and now Jjan Francisco
gays bo, too. The padmakers .who
pinned their reputations upon their
skill In placing calves so that they looked
like nature and ' "slicing" out meager
thighs v* HI have to go into bankruptcy.
For -Jrfuhta are out.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Photos
by
Stanford
Studio.
10
THE PASSING OF TIGHTSThat basket-ball may be carried to an
extreme is no mcro than is true Qf any
ether competitive pastime, but physicians
and cautious heads of women's* gymna-
the head and plunges In with the best In
tentions in the. world to fix tha neit fel
low 'who happens to ruthlessly cross her
path. When the whistle blows they are
often in such a bewildering mass that it
la hard to tell one from the other.
"If you hadn't taken a header, Mir'm.
we would havo made that point," or
"That was a great throw, Alice. Do It
some more." These little side remarks
come from the two sides during a rest
and then they all get their heads together
ami plan how to block the other side.
The preliminary work Is the most Im
portant of all. At the same time, with
thj exercises of the first year ther* 13
usually a course of lectures upon hygienic
living, how to acquire and preserve a
proper carriage and the valua of outdoor
life and regular living.
With such careful traroras how t3 It
possible for other than good to come from
gymnastics?
Indoor work has opened a field for all
girls, for most of the games demand that
the pocket-book be opened, the wider the
better. And the timid get a chance, too.
They can taka sojid comfort in doir.sr a
hand-spring or a back flip in a secluded
corner. Then again class work is not as
expensive,, but there is a certain amount
of sociability connected with it.
That the girls have trespassed Is true
in a measure. Tennis was the fir3t game
of an athletic character which found any
favor. That jwas about thirty years ago.
ai\d up to thio time it Is nearly as popu
lar aa it was then. Later came golf and
cricket 'and later stilt even, swimming.
Just a few of the bolder ones commenced,
and they generally had common sense
brothers who encouraged and helped
them. But now the girl who cannot
wield a good racket, who is unable to
get from "green" to "green" quickly and
•who will not bet about a swim is scarcely
to be found. Even if she is really ana
truly Ignorant about them, it would not
be policy to say so. -Well, hardly, when
fashion spells gymnastics with capital
letters.
slums are forever discussing, how far !t
improves the physique and strength of Its
devotees.
Girls sometimes suffer injuries from it.
and so, too, do men. It is as easy for a
man to fall and break a couple of ribs
as it Is for h!a sister, but the old-fash
ioned people never set this Idea into their
heads. The one old idea remains firm
that women are usurping man's amuse
ments and that no good can possibly
come from it.
I?f a shop on Atlantic avenue there Is
building a torpedo-shaped metallic
boat, about sixteen feet long, with a
depth of five feet and egg shaoe in
cross section. The cockpit seats four
people. Their heads come about a foot
below' the highest point of the boat.
Boats of this style are designed for use
In a r/cw scheme for summer and beach
resort to b<:« known as "Dip the Dip."
The "Din tho Dip" Is a submarine div
ing boat, running on overhead rails. Tne
scheme is to shoot these sixteen-foot me
tallic boats, containing four passengers
<ach. dov.n an incline similar in shape,
ces:gn and angle to the "Shoot the
Chutes." exrr^Ungr that it makes a com
rl^t'S circuit, bf ins an endless track. At
the bottom of the incline is a tank of
water, about twelve feet (*efp, eight feet
wide and seventy-five feet long.
As the heavy metallic torpedo boat
ccmc? down the Incline it plumfes into the
tank nf water for a distance of thirty feet
and is totally submersed to about four
feet at its greatest depth. The boat's
Impetus is sufficient to carry it through
the v.ater and up an Incline back to the
normal level, which is several feet higher
than the t-urface of the water in the tank.
The passengers are seated In a cockpit,
cntireiy ope a t t he top and sWes, and
y¥i t not a drey cf water -comes within a
or eighteen Inches or the passengers.
The reason of this, so the inventor. L. A.
Carpenter of Meachmont, claims, Is that
Mr. Carpenter haa been allowed a patent
on the "Dip the Dip" and Is now building
at Crescent Beach tho first full-sized
structure.— Boston Post,
the speed of the pointed boat throws the
water aside, or to use Mr. Carpenter'a
own words, "the speed -of th« boat as
It enters the water ia about fifty feet a
second, or thirty miles an hour, which en
ables the boat to travel Us own length
in one-quarter of a second. This takes
them through that part of the tank in
Which they are totally submerged, a dis
tance of thirty feet, in loss than one-half
a second. The opening In the boat being
but five feet, gives the water but ono
twelfth of a second In which to faM on the
passengers, but as the force of gravity Is
not sufficient to draw any object further
than one-quarter inch the first one
twelfth of a second the water does not get
time to get into or touch any part of the
boat, particularly the opening where the
four passengers sit.
"Ttke boat Is so heavy and sharp pointed
and comes into the water at such a rate
of speed that Its sharp nose literally bores
or tunnels a passage for Itself through the
water, which does not have time to fall
back or cave in until the boat has passed
through. The boat, after coming out of
the* water, travels along and up an incline
of a height of six or eight feet by its own
momentum. This acts as a brake and
slows the boat up so that it glides around
the curve and comes to a standstill at the
starting point, ready to be connected to
an endless cable and drawn up the incline
for a fresh start."
The New Chute ©if "Dip the Dip."
rings. Somebody on the pulleys and the
iest of you got clubs. Hurry tip." And
away scamper the lithe, b'.ue-bloimered
students.
Miss Palmer joes not go In for' what sha
calls "circus feats." She thinks they are
rather risky, and she 5s quite positive that
the results are not nearly as satisfactory
as the pulleys, chest weights, the club.?
and a host of not very interesting ap
paratus. A thorough, systematic train
ing has made her swell up with pride, for
her girls have improved wonderfully in
the past few years.
After just so much "apparatus" work
the girls r^mar.d some fun. Sometimes It
is one thing 1 and sometimes another, but
WOMEN arA the fcymr.asium! -
Will that Question ever cease
to ensress the minds of fully
fuo-tblrfls of ihc people, par
t:c"j!ariy those who have
chicks alrcaCy to scbocl and others get
ting ready to ?o there.
Just "*-;:; i<; ibe present athletic era go
in^ tr. d<- for v.omcn? What will it da for
tited? WJJI u benefit «r v.-ill it injure
; he m ?
Men have alreafiy been tested. «s the
r.tlik-tk pcxlcd for men and bc;-3 began
fuliv thin.'" years ago. or practically a
generation before It d'-I for women.
I'ut the t>e, Etr&ppicg types we now
fee are cor.rldcred by many 'he product
(f a ugular iyncastlc trair.ittg. Wise
l.c:;c!s have deeded Iric we might S've It
e trial :.- our schools. J;:s'. an experiment.
you know, u bcc hew ii would work.
Mow, It would lt3:e all t'.;? ox ttams in
Ibe co-jr.tr>' to gel ill? girhs av.ay from
their beloved "*ryra"' for ?oort. Tha work
\.zz b?c:i taken up by ail in the most
vrhctesouled. erthoslaslle fashion In tha
world. That speaks louder thnn words in
this day of general liiFrins.
The meet advanced teacher? row regard
'.he pymnasium as a means to an end.
They fcuild up the weak. Tfcey educate
V. e untrained muscles. They so grad'i
:.iiv Increase the general strength of the
j-;:piis as to nako pos^fble fcr and pleas
urable to them the out-of-door sports anJ
rastimes without which so much pleasure
end profit may he ior-t.
h is decldedlv tho fashion for tho ultra
swagger to bo head over heels in all sorts
and descriptions of sports. In other
words, if a girl wants to be at all popular
she must be an adept at all sorts of out
door games, and to be physically Btrong
enough to play well ar.d long. If she
rar.r.ot do this she hasn't even a ghost of
a chance.
Without some kind of training It is im
possible fcr a weak girl— r.o matter hew
fashionable sh<? may be — to plung2 direct
ly into any of the violent sports \u25a0without
risk of some serious and lasting injury.
The Oakland High School has an enthu
siastic lot of g-ymiiasts. Every pirl irs the
place is glad to run up the three flights
of stairs and scramble into her "gym
rags."
"Hurry up there. Madge, and get the
key to my locker while you're at it.
That's a good ,?irl. I.Iy collar bothers me
and ni be behindhand."
An<3 good-natured Madge trips away
after a whole bunch of keys while the
rest of the trite are undressing just as
fast as they can to get ahead of the other
cnes at the see-saw or on the traveling
riP.ge.
For there If syFtera in the school. Each
girl has a private locker and each locker
has a key, end there is no possibility of
being excused on the plea of "I can't find
my sho^s." If such an excuse \u25a0were of
fered it would not make anj' difference,
and a ecolding would be forthcoming in
the barjjuin.
"All ready, frirls. Got Jn line." calls
Miss Palmer, the instructress, and the
roll is quickly gone over.
"Ten to the >-.:.f;st weights. Girls on the
fencing Is more popular than anything
else.
It was a sport that belonged exclusively
to man's realm, but it does not at the
present time. What does, in fact? No one
has ever doubted its value as an exercise
and as a means of developing strength
and grace In a marvelous manner. , So the
girls took it up — and really, now. Is there
any sight more attractive than a graceful
girl , fencing? The strength of the wrist,
the poise, the freedom acquired through
devotion to tho foils always will repay
either man or woman who will devote the
necessary time to it.
It.* Us a sport far too little appreciated
and far too little practiced in this coun-
. "Camllle has been putting up a rattling
good game lately, and you want to keep
your" eye on her," whispers one girl with
a red ribbon on her. arm to another with
the same badge of partnership. "You
see that she doesn't get the ball, for she
hits the basket pretty nearly every 'time
now."
And "Camille" is in trouble. Every time
she' tries to make a run somebody butts
up against her and turns her out' of her
course. Every time the ball is almost
within her grasp somebody jumps up In,
the air and sends it whizzing through to
ward the other goal.
\u25a0From the time 'the ball is kicked into the
air there is a general scramble for it. If
the hair is pulled nearly out. If one gets
a nasty fall or a vigorous poke in the eye,
the spirit of the game is not lost, but the
Injured one gives an undaunted toss of
catalepsy, combined with manifes
tations of "double sight," or telepathy. A
young girl of 14. a patient of Dr. Four
nier of Angouleme, suddenly fell into
regular cataleptic fits. Her members be
camo rigid, breathing and heart beats
were almost imperceptible, and there
was complete insensibility* to pain.
• Nothing very extraordinary In all this;
the strangeness of the affair was that tha
fits came on at irregular Intervals, last
ing from a few hours to several . daya,
and yet had.no apparent ill effect on the
child's health.
Yet more singular, the seizures appear
ed to be in some way associated with a
young married woman, a neighbor, and
great friend of the girl. When thi3
woman • visited . the house the child,
though In a cataleptic condition, got up
and tried to follow her out Into the
street. Another time the girl was In a
back room, the friend passed the bouae.
and at once catalepsy ' supervened. Then
the doctor "put some coins into his hand,
closed it and held it over the rigid girl,
"Wh'at have I got in my hand?""' Over
anl over again the answers were perfect
ly accurate.
The young married woman left the
town on a short visit, and her little friend
showed no untoward symptoms. Sudden
ly' some one said in her presence, "Mrs,
— — has returned/' and tha srirl Instantly
PROFESSOR LAN'CEEEAUX has
just brought before the Paris Acad
cmie da Medicin a curious case of
A' .Queer , Case of Auto-Suggestioiii.
Investigation Eeemed to confirm the
truth of this singular statement, the case
thus finding its parallel in the incident
related above.— L ondon Express.
' As regards the doctor's experiments
\u25a0with, coins, his explanation is* that the
doctor thought of the coins and conveyed
his thoughts to the cataleptic girl. This,
of course. Is telepathy or thought read
ing. -" • '",;:.,\u25a0•
As If this declaration from the learned
professor was not sufficiently startling.
ho went on to give particulars .of a sim
ilar case which came tinder his own per
sonal observation. A young married wo
man . was attacked with intermittent
fever, which was not only rebellious to
quinine, but abnormal as to recurrence
and duration. The young woman at last
confessed that the attacks only came en
when her mother-in-law was in the
house, "I feel her corning even when
far off." ,
Professor Lancereaux declined to be
lieve In "double sight" or divination; he
thought, however, that the j case was
really one of auto-suggestion. He inclined
to think that the girl imagined her
friend had epecial Influence on her, and
thence followed the curious symptoms.
Dr. Fournler seems to have thought
that the case was one of telepathic com
munication or auto-suggestion, so he hyp
notized the sirl and ordered her to cease
believing that Mme. — had, any influence
on her. The command was well impress
ed upon the patient, who was then awak
ened. Since then there has been no re~
turn of catalepsy.
fell Into a cataleptic state.
try. The main trouble with it Is mat
class drill does not as a Rer.eral .rule do
vary much eood. It is almost imperative
that ono should have Individual lessons
to make much progress, and a novice is
a bore to himself and io everybody . who
happens to come in contact with him.
Mnny of the exercises are gone through
with by the country lads and lassies. It
amounts to practically the same thing
when they swing ever the limb of a
neighboring tree, jump the hitching posts
6r climb the slats on the barn to have a
glorious slide. The main difference la that
the family is very npt, to call them "an
tico," while at the Higfi they arc dignified
with a longer, higher-sounding name.
But be they country or city, th/j girls
enjoy the work Just the same. Almost
any day they ma? be Been hunglng by
their toes, climbing tho ullppery polo or
having a glorious rough-and-tumble fight,
By actual experiment it' haa been, ascer*
talned that the girl of to-day who ia an
advocate and who haa been brought up
under the new regime of physical culture
shows a marked Improvement In phyBique,
Her shoulders are broader, her lunga
stronger, waist larger, and sho is at lea.3t
an inch and a half taller, to say nothing
of being fully 100 per cent better physi
cally. .
The latter scored way up In G with the
parents, and they, took paina that their
•children didn't procure a doctor's certifi
cate that would excuse them from, so
many hours "gym," and that would give
them extra time for come neglected study.
Variety is ever the spice of life, and too
much plain "apparatus" work bored the
girls when the novelty of the new term,
wore off. They demanded "free work"
and they got it. Plenty.of it.
The O. H. S. girls shine and shine
brightly in one particular. Basket-ball ia
their chief delight, and you may be sure
that when eighty girls stay after hours
three nights in the week to play ball that
they are intensely Interested In it. The
teams are so strong that the only wonder
is so many heads come out of the frucas
whole. ' : i:yfr.*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL GYNNASIUM
11CT\ postograph feeds that eternal
I craving for something new In the
I way of pictures and admits of lim-
JL ltless possibilities in startling ef
tmatM and beautiful coloring.
Posto-graph, that Is. half poster and hair
photograph, a photograph with the poster
effect In design and colors.
I was looking at some posters one day
when the Idea of poster-photograph came
to me. ; I said to myself, "Why couldn't
a poster effect be made that would re
tain the likeness of the individual?"
In the postograph we take the likeness
directly from a photograph. The rest Is
done by the artist.
I think the photographer, more than
anybody else, feels the demand for nov
elty. Every once in a -while he must
come out witli something entirely new.
He must surprise and Interest the public
or else move his photograph gallery to a
back street. * j .
\u25a0 . • -i - - . <<? .
. Tlie photographer must keep . inTinlnd
that his patrons are buying pictures* of
themselves. They nee themselves every
day In the glass, and when they buy a
picture they want themselves presented
in a new and attractive light. And for
this the postograpb, offers an- almost un-
According to the Japan Times a new la
land has been discovered In the Sea of
Japan. From a statement appearing In
the Nichl Nichi it appears that the Island
Is situated at a point between Ul-Lon*-
Do island, off Korea, and the Okl archi
pelago, off the coasts of the San-ln-do, the
distance from either side being thirty
miles. No maps ever published contain
any reference to the, island, which Is re
ported to be .about two miles in lenjrth
and about the same In breadth. It waa '
about a year or two ago that the island^
was first discovered by a fisherman of Ky
ushu, who found the waters In lt« neigh
borhood full of sea horses.
limited field".
Great and wondrous have been the
strides of photography In th« last tea
years, but these strides have been from
a mechanical standpoint purely.
A new finish or a new mounting wSX
produce an entirely new effect.
For this the photographer has relied on
the manufacturing: firms. They send th«ir
paper men around with the latest novel
ties. They send their demonstrators, who
show the photographer the wonderful ef
fects given by the platinum and the> soft
carbons. And close upon the heel* of th«
paper man comes the mount man with ar
tistic mounts to match the new pap«r.
So far everything has been dona to help
the photographer with his work and
nothing has been left to htm but the
posing.
In the postograph I think we have
something new from an artistio stand
point.
The photograph Is enlarged and printed
upon any paper that will take- water col
ors. Then 1 the colorist's work comes In.
It is difficult work and he who would
be a postographer must have the yerJua
of a real artist.
The whole Idea must be in keeping with
the subject. The accessories must b* m
keeping with the m&in idea of tho original
photograph.
As a caricaturist brings out all that Is
ridiculous in a picture, so the postograph
er must bring out and accentuate the ar
tistic points suggested 'by the photo
graph.
, A Grecian pose suggests severe dra
peries and graceful lines— a luxuriant
pose, rich backgrounds and royal purples,
etc.
The postographs are finished with deco
rative scroll work in gold and colors.
F. H. BUSHNELL.
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
THE POSTER
PHOTOGRAPH
THE LATEST
FAD
12DE.WER, Oct. 12.— A special to the Re
publican from Albuquerque, N. M., says
Antonio Maggio, the anarchist, who was
arrested at Silver City because of his al-
I*y:-d prediction of the assassination of
HreEident McKinley, was indicted by the
federal Grand Jury for conspiracy to kill
the President. His ball was fixed at 45000.
Grand Jury Indicts Maggfio.
PAHIS, Oct. 12.— Le Solell is authority
for the statement that the Mayor of
Bourges will be prosecuted for. an article
which recently appeared in a local paper
of which he Is the manager approving in
the coarsest terms the Vaillant outrage
in the Chamber of Deputies and the as
sassination of President Carnot, King
Humbert and President McKinley and
grossly insulting President Loubet.
Official Who Approved the Acts of
Assassins Is Called to Ac
count.
TRENCH CITY'S HAYOB
WILL BE PBOSECDTEI)
"Every man should make his will, Mr.
President," replied Mr. Cortelyou.
Theie was 'some general talk on the
subject of wills and estates, and the Pres
ident drew a piece of executive mansion
writing paper to h : m, took up a pen and
wrote a few words on it. He studied
thesewords for a few minutes and then
laid the paper away in a private urawer
in his desk.
LORD MINT.O
k AT OUTS WITH .
SIR WILFRID
Governor General of Canada
and Premier Laurier Are
in State of Great Friction
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The Daily Chronicle
declares that the little time which the
Earl of Minto, Governor General of Can
ada, spent with the Duke and Duchess of
Cornwall and York is merely one of the
evidences of the friction existing between
the Premier, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, and , the
Governor General. This is partly due,
says the Chronicle, to the Earl of Minto's
refusal to sanction/ Sir Wilfrid Laurler's
recommendations that the Mayor of Mon
treal and the Premier of Quebec receive
the decoration of Knight Commander of
St. Michael and St. George, and also to
the Earl of Minto's interference with the
Canadian militia matter, as an instance
of which he claimed the commissions in
the British army which Lord Roberts set
aside for the Canadians as being his per
sonal gift, instead of the Ministry's, - Lord
Roberts having eventually to step in and
make the ' appointments himself on the
recommendations of the . Canadian Gov
ernment. . • « • -
Embassador Choate \u25a0 Coming . Home.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The United States
Embassador, Joseph ,H. Choate, and his
family sailed for New York to-day from
Southampton on board the American line
steamer Philadelphia. • - « -->-..• \u25a0"'\u25a0
CONCORD, N. H., Oct. 12.— The news
that the jewels stolen from the wife of
Denman* Thompson last week have been
recovered has been received by the actor.
A telegram from a detective at - r lthaca
announced that he was holding the prop
erty subject to directions from Mr.'
Thompson. '\u25a0.The articles stolen were val
ued at $60,000,/- - : \u25a0 - ,- : '\u25a0*\u25a0*\u25a0* • •'\u25a0
Stolen Jewels Are Becovered.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The thirty
days'^perlod of mourning prescribed by
President Roosevelt in respect to the
memory of the late President McKinley
will expire to-morrow, and the flags on
all the Government buildings, which have
been half-masted since the 14th of Sep
tember, will be displayed again at lull
mast, beginning Monday, morning.
. With the exception of the State Depart
ment the use of black-bordered mourning
paper in official correspondence, will be
discontinued ir. all the executive depart
ments after to-day. By the special order
issued by the Secretary, of State the dip
lomatic and consular officers of the
United States, as well as the officers of
the State Department, will continue the
usual symbols of public mourning for
thirty days longer.
Thirty Days' Period of M turn
ing for Presdent McKin
ley "Expires With TorDay
OLD GLORY TO
AGAIN FLOAT
AT FULL MAST
CECIL RH. IDES
LIABLE TO DIE
VERY SUDDENLY
Although He A tends to His
Business Daily He Is Treat
ed as Thou in Seriously 111
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Cecil. Rhodes, whose*
part in politics and empire-making is viv
idly recalled by the Schnadhorst letters,
is living almost absolutely alone at a quiet
hotel on a diet and with the attentions of
a man who is seriously ill. i There is no
doubt that he is suffering from heart dis
ease and is' no longer the robust man of
former times, yet he never missed a day
this week at the office of the British Char
tered South African \u25a0 Company, burying
himself in details" and conducting tedious
meetings without complaint or mention
of his* HI health..
After these duties, however, in the quiet
of his hotel he seems^rtecome almost, a
wreck, "like a man liable to go off at any
moment," as one of his few visitors said
on coming out of his room.
Usually- Rhodes is, supremely Indifferent
to public sentiment, preferring' rather to
ride rough-shod over criticism, but in the
matter of the. Schnadhorst letters he has
expressed 'the keenest desire to hear pub
lic comment. His efforts, however, have
met with slight success. ' \u25a0
BOMBAY,, iOct. 12.— Lady Curzon - of
Kedlestbn," wife of the Viceroy of India,
arrived here to-day from Europe.- - - k -
Lady,.Cufzon Beaches Bombay.
venezuelan
sold:ers in
sore straits
4 \u25a0
Some .Without .Shelter and
Food, and Indians are Tor
turing Those They Capture
I WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Oct.
12, via Haytlen cable.— Advices received
to-day from Maracaibo, under date of Oc
tober 10, say the Venezuelan troops are
entrenched at various points on the penin
sula. A majority of them are in the vicin
ity of Maracaibo. The Venezuelan sol
diers, being practically without commis
sariat, are compelled to live on the
country. The result Is lack of food sup
plies of any kind and a consequent in
crease of hunger, distress 'and suffering
among the soldiers, who have no shelter.
Sickness is spreading rapidly among them
and they have no medical attendance or
medicines. .
The Guadjuari Indians are becoming
more incensed against the Venezuelans on
account of the atrocities committed by
the latter and have shockingly mutilated
over a store of Venezuelans who • have
fallen into their hands.
These advices conclude with saying that
fighting, there seems Improbable.'
'ope Receives Archbishop Chapelle.
ROME, Oct. 12.— The Pope to-day re
ceived :in audience Archbishop Chapelle,'
who was Apostolic Delegate to the West
Indies and more recently Apostolic Dele
gate to the Philippines,
Mr. Moore expressed great satisfaction
with the result of the bureau's work, and
after a eiT.fc-rer.w he wua authorized to
extend the service to Cape Henry. A3
soon as the station at Cape Henry is coia
pleted tl!e one on Roanoke Island will be
abandoned and new -experiments will be
made from Cape Hatteras to Cape Henry,
a distance of 130 miles, as exclusively an
nounced in The Call several weeks ago. \u25a0
"The experiments so far conducted by
the Bureau," said Mr. Moore, "have been
highly satisfactory. Our system, which
\u25a0is different from any that has so far been
exploited, is superior to any in the world ;
Just what our system is I will not say,
as our work will be conducted secretly
and only when Congress meets will Sec
retary Wilson make a report of our in
vestigation and success. There will be no
relay stations between Cape Hatteras
and Cape Henry."
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Willis L.
Moore, Chief of the United States
Weather Bureau, returned to Washington
to-day from his inspection of the Weather
Bureau's wireless telegraphy service be
tween Cape Hatteras and Roanoke Island.
X. C.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chief of the Weather Bureau
Highly Praises "New Teleg
rapfiy Service in tie East
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— A world
special from Washington says:
Following is an authentic ac
count of how President McKin
ley drew his will: One night in
i the latter part of September,
1S97, the President, while smoking a cigar
end looking up at the ceiling, said sud
denly to Secretary Cortelyou, "Cortelyou,
I suppose I should make a will."
GREAT WORK
ON THE COAST
WITHOUT WIRE
them, and after a half-hour of alteration
and crossing out and writing in he laid
the paper away again.
'.On the night of October 22, 1S97. the
President took cut the piece of paper,
finished the draft of the will and made a
fair copy witn his own hand. Then he
called in Secretary Corteiyou and rend the
'completed will to him. He asked Cortel
you to sign it, and as two, witnesses are
required he asked Captain Loeffler, a
doorkeeper, who sat in the reception hall,
to come in and witness it also.
He said to Loeffler: "Captain, this Is my
will; I want you to witness it." Loeffler
signed his name and retired.
The President then put the will with his
private papers, where it remained until
Secretary Cortelyou took it to Canton to
be filed and probated.
At Once Beginnin^'the Task, He Takes It Up
at Intervals Until His Last Will anc
Testament Meet His Complete- Approva
One Night in September, 1897, the Chief
Executive, Wh le Smoking a Cigar, Sud
denly Declares Intention to Cortelyou
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— According to reports
received here from Sofia the captors of
Miss Stone demand that the ransom shall
be deposited at Samakov. A Bulgarian
cattle drover, v.ho was an eyewitness of
the kidnaping, has been arrested on sus
picion of complicity in the outrage at the
instance of the United States Consul.
SOFIA, Oct. 12.— An official communica
tion, which has just been issued here, in
dignantly protetts against the assertion
that the Bulgarian Government has been
conspiring with the Macedonian commit
tee in regard to the abduction of Miss
Ellen M. Stone, the American missionary.
The note points out that while nothing is
positively known of the composition of,
the brigand 'jand, it was undoubtedly,
formed in Turkey. Miss Stone was' cap
tured near Mchomia, a short distance
from a Turkish post, and her captors
were seen October 9 in the hills between
the Turkish villages of Eleschnitza and
Jakorunda, all these facts tending to .
show that she has never left Turkish ter
ritory. ,
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 12.— The situ
ation in the case of Miss Stone to-night
is that Missionaries Baird and Haskell
are still trying to get into touch with the
brigands in order to agree on the amount
of ransom. It is scarcely likely that this
agreement will be reached for some days.
As soon as word comes from the mis
sionaries that the amount of the ransom
has been determined upon a member of
the United States legation will start for
the place named with the money.
Since the brigands who abducted Miss
Stone were located on the mountain of
Gultepe, the approach of the troops in
duced them to change their retreat. They
are now hiding on the Turko-Bulgarian
frontier, ready to cross to either side, as
circumstances demand. The decision to
suspend the movements of the troops was
partially due to the difficulties of operat
ing in the mountainous country and part
ly owing to fear that a further advance
might endanger the life of Miss Stone,
hence the American desire to try to
negotiate for the payment of a ransom.
It is hoped this will result in the release
of Miss Stone in a few days.
Bulgaria U"ot Implicated.
Negotiating With Bandits.
The State Department is extremely anx
ious that the entire amount of Miss
Stone's ransom shall be raised as rapidly
as possible. It is evident that the efforts
to secure a reduction in the amount of
ransom have failed and that before they
will release their captive the brigands
will insist upon the payment of the entire
5110,000 demanded.
The American agents will continue nego
tiations with the brigands through the
channel of communication already estab
lished in the hope of securing additional
time within which the ransom can be paid.
CALL. BUREAt", 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Miss Ellen
M- Stone is apparently no nearer liberty
to-day than she has been since captured
by brigands in Bulgaria. A serious men
ace to her life has been removed by the
compliance of Turkey and Bulgaria with
the request of the United States not to
authorize their troops to attack the band
should its new place of refuge be dis
covered. There remains danger that a de
tachment, coming- suddenly upon the
brigands, may attack and that the latter
will murder their prisoner. This is a con
tingency which both Consul Eddy in Con
stantinople and Consul Dickinson in Sofia
are trying to guard against.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
There Is Still Great Danger That the
lawless Band Will Kill the Mis
sionary Woman if Pursued
by Soldiers.
Negotiations to Reduc9 the
Ransom Have Not Met
With. Success.
Brigands Will Not Give
Up Captive Until
Cash Is Paid.
MISS STONE
IS NO NEARER
TO LIBERTY
BALTIMORE SYNDICATE CLOSES DEAL WITH
THE MARKET STREET RAILWAY COMPANY
FACSIMILE OF THE WILL OF MARTYRED PRESIDENT McKINLEY
AND CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH DOCUMENT WAS WRITTEN
Local Shareholders
Receive Price
Asked.
Control of Sutter-Street
and Sutro Lines Un
der Consideration.
Papers Consummating the
Transfer Are Now Being
Prepared.
BALTIMORE. Md., Oct. 12. -It la
positively stated here that alX
negotiations looking to the pur
chase of the Market-street Rail
way Company of San Francisco were
practically closed to-day and that
as soon as the necessary papers can be
drawn up the road will pass into posses
sion of the syndicate headed by G. R.
Webb, J. T. Blackwell and R. G. Hanford.
Ever since negotiations were com
menced between the syndicate and I. W.
Htllman. H- E. Huntington and the rep
resentativts of the Crocker estate the lat
ter have insisted that all shareholders
should be treated en an equal basis. It
was known that a two-thirds interest as
represented by the larger stockholders
could be purchased at par. This would
have, left the 300 smaller stockholders
without the customary financial safe
guards. But the insistence that the syn
dicate should take all of the stock at the
one ba^Js, said to be the par value, caused
a delay in negotiations.
At last, after many exchanges of letters
and telegrams, it was determined to-day
to accept the inevitable and pay the prlct>
demanded. S1G0 a share. This will Involve
a transfer of about $iS,GOO,O0O of Baltimore
capital to San Francisco. But It is not
probable that the syndicate will stop
at the Market rtviet system. It has al
ready secured the San FAncisco and San
Mateo electric line. It is also said that
negotiations are pending for the purchasa
of the Sutter street line and Sutro rail
road, a portion of the same line.
In order to secure a controlling interest
in these lines and effect a consolidation
of the Market street, San Mateo, Sutter
and Sutro lines a two-thirds vote of th»
stockholders would be needed. The heav
iest deal has been made, and all that re
mains now is the drawing of the neces
sary legal papers. It is expected that this
will be consummated within the next
thirty days.
The plan adopted by the local stockhold
ers of the Market-street Railway Com
pany is the same/ as that followed when
the transfer of the San Joaquin Valley
road was made to the Santa Fe system.
All the stock was pooled and sold at par.
the smaller shareholders being treated oa
the same basis as the larger ones.
FINDS GOLDEN; NTJGGETS
. IN AT7BIFEK0US GRAVEL
Paul Lancelle Makes a Rich Strike oa
His property Hear Mokelumna
Hill.
. JiOKELUMNE HILL. Oct. 12.— Paul
Lancelle, who lives about two miles from
town, came in yesterday and showed $208
worth of as beautiful 'gold nuggets as
ever came from Klondike. This was the
result of six days' work with a pan in a
newly discovered channel of auriferous
gravel on his place. A shaft has been
sunk to a depth of . nine feet, but . the
channel has not yet been bottomed. The
entire country surrounding this place was
one of the richest in the State during th«
early '50's, but this seems to be a blind
channel that was entirely overlooked by
early miners. Judging from present pros
pects the bedrock will undoubtedly prova
wondrously rich.
BULLET ENDS THE /LITE
.. OF A DESPERATE TEXAN
Jeff Hardin Shot Through, the Heart
by a Han He Had
j "Wounded.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Oct. 12.— The police
authorities here received word to-day of
the killing of Jeff D. Hardin, a desperate
character, who formerly resided In thi3
section. He was shot through the heart
by John L. Snow den in a saloon at
Clalrtmont, Tex. :
Snowden was shot and seriously wound
ed 'by Haidtr. several months ago. Har
din was a brother of John Wesley Har
din. who during his exciting career in
Texas killed a number of men and was
himself killed -a; El Paso a few vears ago.
Murders Wife and Kills Himself.
DENVER. Oct. 12.— A special to the Re
publican from Louisville. Colo., says John
Taylor, a weigh boss at the Rex mines,
shot and killed his divorced wife this aft
ernoon and then blew out his brains.
Taylor had tried in vain to induce his wile
to return to him. -':• . .
Pages 13 to 22
Paps 13 to 22
VOLUME XC-NO. 135.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
About two weeks later, at about the
same time in the evening, the President
took out the piece of paper on which he
had written previously and added per
haps 200 words. He read and re-readFurniture Booth— Mrs. F. Fischer, Mr?. H.
Goetz, Mrs. Binder, Miss Laura Suess. Mien F.
Binder, Miss M. Kanein, Miss Hedrich. M15S J.
Helm, Miss Abraham, Miss Laura Sless and
Miss A. Hedrich. .
Flowers— Mrs. \u25a0 P. Krueckel, Mrs. Cook. Miss
Gehrkens, Miss N. Kahler. Miss T. Goldstein.
Mrs. Paul Otto, Miss JTrleda Itfuller and Misa
Elsie Miller. . r : . ...
Turkish-Mrs. Egging, Mrs.:.§choeder, Mrs.
Scheunert. Miss Claxa.Troat.^Miss. J. Kalmuk,
Miss Edith Plagemann, Miss Elsie. Helm/ Miss
K. . Sanders, \u25a0 Miss : F. \u25a0.-.-\u25a0 Sanders. I Miss • A. bim
men. Miss .fimma Lonck, Miss Etta Lorick,
Miss E. Gehrkens, Miss C. Schneider and Miss
B.-: Kleine. . • . ,. . ; t . ;
• Poetof flee— Postmaster^ -Theodore ! Planz ;• as-
Fistants — Mrs.' Theodore" Planz, v Mrs. ' Frank
Wedekind, Miss Schuppert, < Miss M. Mlllman
and Miss N. Mast, r* \u25a0 .;\u25a0• \u25a0' •'-''•-'
Cigars— Mrs. G. A. Trost, ; Mrs. B. Vercni,
Mrs. -L. Thierbach.-MrsVL: Attlnger, 1 Mr?. E.
L.otter, Miss K. Hauser, Miss Stelgle, MliS R.
Loveland and Miss B. Moore. ;
Wine Oarden — Mrs. W. Plagemann/ Mrs.
Stubenrauch, Miss M. Trost, Miss Etta Plage
mann, Miss Annie Krueckel, Miss Conrad, Miss
Planz, Mrs. E. Finking, Mrs. W. Hinz and
Miss F. Marchand. ' : .
St. Paull Booth— Mrs. H. Hinz. Mrs. , K.
GLIMPSES OF OLD GERMANY
AT THE TURN VEREIN JU
BILEE FAIR.
STOCKTON, Oct. 12.-S. C. Pardee, re
cently coast manager of the Fidelity and
Casualty Company in San Francisco, came
to Stockton to-night in company with a
deputy sheriff, who had him on a- charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
Pardee met the complainant and squared
the matter, with v the result that he was
discharged soon after reaching/this city.
The complainant was > Miss Dohrmann, • a
local 1 , insurance agent, who kindly in-
S. C. Pardee Adjusts a" Financial En
tanglement That Led to His j
Arrest.
JOURNEYS TO STOCKTON
WITH DEPXJTY SHEKIFP
"Words led to blows and then to the
throwing of stones. The lighting became
so fierce that both the man and his wife
were killed by the stones thrown by the
old man and the boy.
These' are all the details obtainable
here. As the tragedy occurred in Can
ada, the local police know nothing about
it. \u25a0 It is understood that the provincial
police of British Columbia are making an
investigation.
SEATTLE. Oct. 12.— Meager details of
a shocking tragedy near Lynden, Wash.,
have been received here. A man and his
wife were stoned to death by another man
and his son.
On Thursday night a quarrel started,
with the man and woman on one side and
the old man and boy on the other. It
was near the schoolhouse of Delta, Wash.,
but ! immediately across the Canadian
line. The dispute was over a road lead
ing through a tield that belonged .to one
of the parties of the trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stones Hurled by Neigh
bors Kill Man and
Wife. \
LOWLY WEAPONS
DEAL OUT DEATH
dorsed a check for Pardee when he was
in town last month. When the - check
came back with "no funds" marked on
It she made complaint against Pardee,
and In so dolns recovered her money.
The nrst book printed within the limits
of the United States was tho "Hay PBulma
\u25a0Rook," which waj Issued In. Combrulj.;-';,
Miikc, In 1640. Specimens of the publica
tion Are extremely ra're and comm.'ind
very hijih irlcoa. •'
. STANFORD. UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12.-
Thu grand plpo orgun constructed by rhc
Murtay Harris Organ Company of l.oa
AnRol(t) hus been Instnllort in the-memo
rial church and was -tried by the exports
In churgo 'for the flrnt time this m'tcr
r.oon. The roHufts wero entirely KBtlsfao
tory, th« touch nn-i rcaponqo being us in-
HtanUniious an of a phi no und the tone*
perfect. Men have been enRiiKed In'nut
tlng the org«n In. place for tho pnut nix
\u25a0wotikn. t>i'< mtftiiiiilMU being eo complex
thai u grent amount <of- tlm« waa cuit
sumt'd in arranging it.
Stanford's Pipo Organ in Placo.
Mrs: Octavia Klemmer, 493 Geary street,
secured a warrant from Judge Cabanlss
yesterday for the arrest of J. A. McMll
len.on the charge of obtaining money by
f also pretenses. \u25a0 She owns a lodging
house and alleges that' McMlllen entered
Into a deal with her on August J2 "to pur
chase the lodging-house for $1673, he to
pay her ln.monty and real estate In Napa
and' Santa Clara 'counties.' Ho gave her
$700, assumed a chattel mortgage on the
furniture for $200 and gave her deeds to
property In Nni»a und banta Clara coun
tlea which, sho allege*, he did not own.
Lodging-House Deal.
Lucero got hold of a pistol that was
lying In a drawer and shot Lopez In tho
hand. Lucero .was- arrested and charged
with assault to' murder, und Lopez was
sent to the Harbor Hospital. \u25a0
Juan Lucero, a steamship fireman, and
Jose Lopez were left in charge of a sa
loon on Broadway, between Montgomery
and Kearny streets, last night during the
temporary absence of the proprietor. Both
took advantage of the, opportunity Ho in
dulge in free drinks and.' they soon, got
into an altercation. •' •*?•
Shoots His Companion in Hand.
PORT TCAVNSEND, Oct. 12.— According
to advices received here to-day by the
steamer John S. Kimball, Nome was vis
ited by a severe storm which commenced
on the night of September 26 and con
tinued for three - days, with increasing
fury. As a result every lighter that was
anchored off Nome is ashore and the Gov
ernment tug Captain Warden is on the
bt-ach. "While the storm was almost as
severe as the memorable storm of last
year, the most serious damage will result
from the delay -in getting the lighters
afloat so they can be used in discharging
the large number of steamers due at
Nome. Some fears are now entertained
that cargoes cannot be discharged in time
for vessels to get out before navigation
closes.
The only loss of life as" a result of the
storm thus fur reported occurred after It
war, abating. The schooner Abbie Deer
ing sailed in and Captain George Stevens
of the schooner Prosper, which was
wrecked at Cape Lisburne on August 26,
and Tracy Robertson of Seattle attempteO
to go ashore in a ship's boat. The boat
capsized and both men were drowned.
Reports brought .down by the steamer
John S. Kimball state that a reign of
terror prevails in Nome. Holdups and
robberies are of nightly occurrence. Men
are being sandbagged and robbed in
broad daylight when caught in -lonely
places. Sluice-box robberies are frequent
and several mines have been robbed of
from $500 to |2000. Business houses huvo
been entered, and even women walking"
on the streets are mafie victims. On Sep
tember 29 two masked men entered the
store of Mrs: S. M. Hovey and at the
point of'a pistol forced her to give up
1500. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 - - •
The Discovery claim* on Anvil Creek has
again distinguished itself. On September
14 $1552 in nuggets was picked up and on i
the 29th it yielded others weighing $1720.
The Kimball brought down 330 passen
gers and $300,000 in 1 treasure.
SEATTLE, Oct. 12.— Tracy Robertson,
who, with Captain George Stevens of the
steamer Prosper, was drowned at Nome
during the storm on September 28, was
tecretary of the Seattle' Chamber of Com
merce. The men attempted to land on .he
i beach through the raging surf. Their boat
was upset and both sank, almost Immedi
ately. The bodies were recovered the next
day. People on shore heard the men cry
for help wTien.the small boat capsized,
but no assistance could reach them in
tlmato be of avail.
Tracy Robertson," beetdeu being a prom
inent society man In Seattle, was manager
'of the Oceanic Packing Company. Cup
tain George Stevena was In command of
the Bteamshln Prosper when that vessel
waa wrecked on the northern const. He
was coming home from the Ill-fated expe
dition and owned valuable mining prop
erty in the Nome district. '
Storm Costs Two Lives
- and Does Extensive
Damage. •
WRECKAGE LINES
BEACH AT NOME
E. Davis, $20; I. P. Allen, $5; Hornlein At
Krunib, $20; 'Bier & Regensburger, $5; T.
Brouchout, $1; Robert Y. Hayne, $20; Orinda
Parlor No. 56, N. D. G. -W., $10; Golden Uate
School. $5: total to-day. J24C2; previously re
poi ted, $17,761 07; total to date, $19,936 07.'
T5ie Various Committees.
The various committees in charge of the
jubilee fair are as follows:
Executive— John Simmen, chairman; Dr. F.
Fischer, secretary;*William Plagemann. treas
urer; C. E. Kayser, Theodore Plahz, William
Schroeder, G. A. Trost. H. Goetz, C. Spiegel,
F. Zecher, C. Nielsen. J. Herbst, F. Attinger
Sr.. Charles Wolters, Joseph Straub.
Decoration — William Schroeder. chairman;
Dr F. Fischer.- secretary ; Max Stein, Adolph
Greub J. A. Schroeder, A. F. Schuppert
Invitation and receptlon-*G. A. Trost, chair
man: F. Helm. J. Mueller, J. Sablatt. C.
Sagehorn. M. Schneider" .
Refreshment— C. Spiegel, C. Rebmann. L.
Mayrhofer A. ! Brehm, L. • Hedrich, A. Hoff
mann. Charles Peach. D. Stieber.
Ball— F. Zecher. chairman; F. Attinger Jr.,
Carl Trost, H. Stehlin. E. Troit. L. Trost. \u25a0
Finance— William Plagemann, chairman; F.
Attinger Sr.. Charles Wolters.' Joseph Straub.
Press— C. E. Kayser. chairman; H. Maret. F.
A. Denicke. A. Nussbaum.
Printing — Thedore Planz, chairman; R. Muel
ler. I... Brune, F. Kommer, X>. Davidson.'
Music and entertainment— H. Goetz, chair
man; Daniel Frank. J. Plasjemann, Joe Castor,
H. Veroni. M. Wallensteln, Louis Rapp, S.
Salomon, S. Levi, A. Fuerth.
Collection and distribution — J. Herbst, chair
man; A. Fester H. Floeter, Chailes Kommer.
Martin Bauer, R. M. Grosse, S. Goldstein. E.
Kaiben, E. . Kaneln. F. Koch, A. Krug. O.
Schoenwald, F. Borgel, G. Gehrkens, W. Levy,
George Eller.
Ladles— c. Nielsen, chairman; A. Bergmann,
H. St'eber.
Nickel,., Mrs. Kleine. Mrs. Messerschmidt. Miss
C. Schulz, - Miss Rosa Schulz, Miss L. Braun
beck. Miss Ella Schohay, Miss Lillle Rogers,
Miss K. Berner, Mrs. E. Trombone, Mrs. D.
Messerschmidt. -
Munich Hof-Brauhau3— Mrs. C. Nielsen, Mrs.
H. ThauwaldY Mrs. Arndt. Mrs. S. Levi, Mrs.
L. Rapp. Miss B.,.-Fuefth. Miss Huppert, Miss
L. AVldman, MlsaE. Schneider and Mrs. Pop
pert. ,' :\u25a0} \u25a0
Wheel? of Fortune— Mrs. H. Franzen Sr..
Mrs. Amark, Mrs. - A. Franzen. Mrs. Kaul.
Mrs. E. G. Strohmeier, Miss A. Lindemayer,
Miss Li. Weber, Mrs. H. Bergman. Mrs. Fe?ter,
Mrs. Schach. Mrs. H. Stieber and Miss
Blanche Stelnbruck. ',
Gypsy Booth— Mrs. A. Krupr. Mrs. Wolters,
Mrs. Kuehn and Mrs. S. Amark.
Shooting Gallery— Otto Burmeister, chair
man; F. A. Schrumpf, E. Fleischer and J.
Kuehn.
John I). Snrockclo & Co., $250; Wells, Fargo
it-Co., $250; Murphy. Grant & Co., 4200; Lcvl
StraUKS & Co.. fSUO; Ccorice W. C.ll.hs On.. $100;
Mlllor. SIoph * Scott, $100; Maker & Hamilton,
|ioo; W. P, Fuller A Co., $100; Dunham, Carrl
pin & Hoyden Co., $100; Tope &. Taluot, UQU;
W. \V. Montaguu A Co., M00; 1'aclnc Coaht
St*nm*hlp Co.. $100: Biwrry Flour Co., $100;
Shreve & Co.. $100; Crown Dltitlllcrles Co., $T>0;
I'ahn. NIckclBburff & Co., JJO; Mack & Co.,
|50; Goodyear Rubber Company, $50; Lang
ley & Mlchaels< Co., $50; Yntrn & Co.,
jaS; Henry Hllp. $5: Morrln Brown,- MO;. M. A.
do Laveaga. $ii; Moore. Ferguson & Co., $25;
Bteln, Simon &>Co., $30; J. v C Johnson & Co.,
125; Louis Glass, $25; Bt. Nicholas Laundry,
$10; P. A. McDonald $10; Rathien, Bros., $5;
De Lano Bros., $10; Theodore Lunstedt, $1; A.
Among the subscribers to the McKinley
monument fund is Aubery Robinson of
Makawell, Kaual, U.I., who. Bays he Is a
British subject. Ills subscription was %'2J.
The official statement from the Muyor'n
office of the fund to date is as follows:
McKinley Monument Fund.
Signor Abramhoff and wife left yester
day for a few months' stay In New York.
They are accompanied by Misa Edith
Decker, a talented young vocalist of this
city, who will take a course of voice cul
ture in both New .York and Italy.
Rev. Father Brady, pastor of St. John's
parish; Rev. Father Lyons, and Dr. A, T.
Leonard left yesterday for a short vaca
tion in Oregon.
Al Austrian, a member of the well
known legal firm of Stein, Meyer, Strauas
& Moran of Chicago, is here spending his
honeymoon. • •
Franklin Leonard, a prominent mining
man of Nevada, accompanied by hla
daughter, is spending a few days at the
Palace.
George W. Luce of the Southern Pacific
Company arrived from Los Angeles ye&
terday and is. at, the Palace.
Judge W. P. Lawlor leaves to-day for a
five weeks' trip in the East and will visit
his old home in New York.
T. D. Petch, a prominent resident of
Eureka, is among , the arrivals at the
Grand. - '
E. C. "Warrell, a rancher of Boldin Isl-.
and, is at the Lick.
W. J. Nelson, a mining man of Mojave,
is staying at the Grand.
Judge James A. Gibson of Los Angeles
is a guest at the Palace.
PEBSONAL.
No British shir may carry a deckload of
timber into a British port between the
last d,ay of October and April 16.
Hamburg, depicting Northern Germany,
j A beautiful wine garden on the banks of
the Rhine, representing Middle Germany,
will occupy the main stage, which will be
extended ten feet in order to afford ample
space for guests and waiters. Southern
Germany will be represented by a repro
duction of the Munich Hof-Brauhaus, or
Royal brewery, where "steins" will be a
leading attraction. The entire refresh
ment hall has been set aside for this pur
pose. The scenery is now being painted
by Fred B. McGreer, Joseph Krelllng and
Clarkson Dye.
Those in Charge of the Booths.
The booths or houses will be in charge
of the following ladies:
Coffee and Tec— Mrs. Braunschweig. Mrs.
Eggerllns;, Mrs. Becker, Miss Al Kalmuk, Miss
H. Korn. Miss M. Eggerline. Mis? J. Christen
sen. Miss H. Goldsmith, Misa D. Limbaugh,
Mr3. Sturm.
Ice Cream— Mrs. J. Sablatt, Mrs. Spiegel,
Mrs. Eeigman, Mies A. Sturken, Miss< P. Buhr,
Miss Lena Sablatt, Mies Laura Sablatt, Mrs.
Katie Sablatt, Miss A. Bergman, Misa L. Bur
meister, Miss A. Schoenfeld and Mias M.
Fish Pond— Mrs. William Schroeder. Mrs. J.
Schroeder, Miss Juliets Schroeder. Miss
Augustt Schroeder, Miss M. Mauser, Miss
Flora Wagner, Miss Wanda Xo'te and Miss
Katie Herbst.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— A tract of
twenty-five acres near Elysian Park has
been purchased by Dr. Jarvis Barlow and
$7500 raised for the purpose of establish
ing an infirmary dedicated to the uje of
indigent tuberculosis patients of Los An
geles. It is announced that it is the in
tention of the promoters of this charitable
object to build the first cottage at once.
The infirmary will be erected on the cot
tage plan and maintained by private sub
scriptions.
Innnnary for Consumptives.
c^.»^a HE grand fair commemorating the
I golden Jubilee of the San Fran
\u25a0 Cisco Turn Verein, which will be
Jl Held in the enlarged , hall at 323
. • Turk street, commencing October
26 and closing November 3, Promises to be
a very novel entertainment. The plans
outlined contemplate a reproduction of a
"Jahrmarkt," or yearly fair, as they are
held in many parts of Germany. The
representations of various noted places
ln Thc r mt?n* hall will represent a typical
German town-Kraehwinkel-with Rath
hau" or town hall. Koenigliche post
au«talt— postoffice. and prison as the prin
cipal features. The characters will be a
judge, notaries, constables, night watch
men and others. All the other buildings
will conform in architecture with tho
foregoing and will be utilized as booths,
wherein will be sold icecream, coffee and
tea candy and soda water, furniture,
sporting goods, flowers and Chinese
curios , , _
In the meeting room on the second floor
will be a representation of, St. Pauli, in
Mammoth Copper Prop
. erty Is Sold for
$250,000.
Mr. Fillius, who is a heavy owner of
ptock of the Trinity Copper Company, of
which Thomas W. Lawson is president,
ha? returned from a directors' meeting
at Boston with news that work on the
company's 750 ton smeiter will begin at
Kennett within three months. The smel
ter will haiiL.e the ore from the com
pany's Shasta King, King Copper and
other mines exclusively, instead of being
a custom smelter as was expected. Fif
teen hundred men will be employed.
S. T. Bernard. H. Page, J. D. Heard
and Milton Armstrong of San Francisco,
directors of the new -Shasta Smelting and
Refinirjf? Company, are here to select a
site close to Redding for the immed'ate
erection of a custom smelter of Vulcan
pattern of fifty tons dally capacity. Cifl
zens of Redding: are asked to subscribe
for $10,000 worth of stock, which will be
done. This process does away with the
culphurous fumes which destroy vege
tation. <•
REDDING. Oct. 12.— The Mammoth
mine, one of the best known copper prop
erties of Shasta County, has been sold
by the bonders, John Fillius and F. G.
King, to the Boston Exploration Company
of Boston for a sum approximating $250,
000. Though the deal is in the form of a
Eix-months option, the sale is assured.
The new owners buy upon the showing of
a great body of copper ore of unknown
extent, which samples nearly 4 per cent
copper in the lowest assay. Off shoots
from the present tunnels are expected to
develop 7 per cent or higher.
The Boston Exploration Company will
put on a large force of men, and as soon
as the winter storms are oyer will com
mence the building of a smelter of such
size as is shown to be needed. It. will
be of at least 500 tons daily capacity at
the start.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHASTA COUNTY'S
BOOM IN MINING
San Francisco Turn Verein Preparing for Grand Fair in Cele
bration of Fiftieth Jubilee—Dress and Customs of Fatherland
Will Be Faithfully Reproduced in Many Beautiful Booths
PLANS A MINIATURE GERMAN CITY
INSIDE THE WALLS OF ITS HALL
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYj OCTOBER 13,- 19O1.
14
V^E-A-K: MEN!
r>li HALL'S REINVIdORA- j+.tJVMA
ij» TOU utijp* nil »<.\u25a0»»<•» In l\ Pv5^"^
In ura. You r.->t tho luu'rov.Mnrnt ftAii iftJ*
friim the nr«t «loi»«. \V« have to KaB \u25a0*£
much tonndnnc* In our trentmunt M »1
th.tt w* offer live liutvlrrtl iown.il E3 El 1
tor any cu«« w* cannot oure. ThU RJTJl cfifn
necrrt rcraeiiy curra Emlsuloni. UoJ Lua
Imi'otfncy. Vurlcocplf, Conor- KLm KZ\
rhofa, Stricturee. i;ir»t. l>rnlns. »*»saSBJ
Lost Manhood and all other wastlnc eif«ot» oC
self -abuse or •xcctmes. Sent aaaled, Vi bottl-.
3 bottles, J'>; Kiiarkntc-'l to cur* any c\»*. O»K
or address 11ALL3 MEDICAb INHTITUTW
US Broadway. OaklanJ. Cal. Also for Mia atl
K.Tav. Market »t.. S. F. All .private dlsewftt'
uulckly cured. Send for Xre« book. _ .,
Tbcy take". possession of tho body, and
are Lords of Misrule. \u25a0
They aro attended by plniples, bolls, tho
Itching tetter, salt rheum, and other cu-
taneous eruptions; by toolings of weakness,
languor, genernl debility and what not.
They causo nioro suffering than anything
else. : • .
Ilealth, Strenffth, Peace and \u25a0 Pleasure
require their expulsion, arid this Is i>osl-
tlvely effected, according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
1 Which radically • and permanently drives
them out and builds up the whole system.
Humors
nnBEHEEH2EH5HBBS5BHSEIB
S3 . \u25a0.\u25a0:-,\u25a0•' ..• . H
ts » Fit ' -'-*fl n
a' •\u25a0 v "•"\u25a0!
osi £%££ .— .. .. • a
5 OWING TO THE UN- £
g USUAL SPELL OH WARM m
a WEATHER , S
fjBerwin &• Gassner, I
Jjj.the well-known j foamy-street 5
2 Furriers.. make : ; thc remarkable S
g otTer oi a , g
@- GENUINE LCNDON-DYED jjj
g SEALSKIN JACKET g
\u25a0 For \u25a0 • • .-. SI25.C0S
HI These garments are the vcrv R
g latest style, handsomely lined and g
S finished, and cannot be duoltcatcd S
H elsewhere for -less than $175.00. q
g . Gall and «*e them at M
i§ 110 KEARNY ST. I
I UBBBnaSEHEOBBaaaBBBaBH
Simply eta.te] Book No. 1 on Dyspepsia-
which book iou Book Xo. 2 on the Heart.
w?.nt, and ad- Book No. 3 on the Kidneys,
dress Dr. Shoop, Hook No. 4 for Women,
box 639. Racine. Ucok Xo. 5 for Men.
tVis. ( Book No. 6 on Rheumatism.
I fail sometimes, but not often. My
records show that S9 out of 40 who get
those six bottles pay, and pay gladly. I
have learned that most people are honest
with a physician who cures them. That
is all I ask. " If I fail I don't expect a
penny from you.
Mine is the only way to restore vital
nerve power. Other treatments bring but
fleeting results at best. If you want to
be well, let me send you an order for the
medicine. If it cures pay $5.50. I leave
the decision to you.
I will send you a book that tells how a
lifetime of study has enabled me to
strengthen the inside nerves. Those are
the nerves that operate the stomach, kid-
neys, heart, womanly organism, etc.
Weakness of these organs means weak-
ness of those nerves. Nerve strength
alone makes any organ do Its duty.
I will send you, too. an order on your
nearest druggist for six bottles of Dr.
Shoop's Restorative. Use it for a month,
and if it succeeds pay him $5.50 for it.
If not. I will pay him myself. - \u25a0\u25a0' -
N"o matter how difficult your case; no
matter what you have tried. If my book
shows you that your trouble is nerve
weakness — and moet sickness is — I will
warrant my Restorative to cure you.
Send me no money, but simply write me
a postal if you are not well. Pay when
you get well.
Won't You
To Get Well?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT.
• OF LOUISIANA, SAYS: _ '
"THERE IS NO FINER MEP8CINE THAN PE-RU-MA^
Suffered With Kidney and Liver (^J i — — - v H ,4
Trouble 'for Twelve Years — • *J (
Pe-ru-na Cured Him— Feels Bet- :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' '-., , r;
ter Than for Twenty Years. '
Hon. William Watson Washburn, presi- : \u25a0' ' yif/*?Zlf—^&* .rfvfg^i M ..^^>~^^^^|> >g - •
dent of the Louisiana Commercial Club ; J yn l^^^^^^M^^^mB^^imm^^*^^^.
and a very well known man of New Or- • ! vli! M I
leans, La., writes -from 637 Canal street: ; ' /JW^7\ i 11 1 1 I i !|ilK^f^
:<</ am satisfied that then is not a ' . y^^^\ \ \ flH^!*^^^^ i| H i^KRV '
finer medicine placed be fora the pub- \ . /$&%$ 1 1 1 |^^^>S?M I P !^\«\
lie to-day than Parana. I have been - - YlWA 1 | iiP^^^ffl
troubled 'lor nearly iwelv* years with JWM t W&W-. : " ifwT^^ I wSiB^
kidney and liver trouble, and at times . (ijfu A \f ' ! j ! f\ W [W \u25a0"\u25a0 W V V^v V *\' ' ' ' S I iftWiS* '
/ havd been a pretty sick man, unable Irffwi II jii l! l'|l( l lr/ : 'liv\\\^?\ 'a l\ I klrfelv
to ait and to my duties. I had about f/JI xfA \ 1 1 \ H jj ! ! '$Lr>s \u25a0 A} XV&sMxitu if I. \ I \\ yffil
made up my mind i hat no medicine £?/W,|j'i I li'l ' \\\ ifl^jKr 1^- V A^S^i^Kv '!wJ J I ' ! I viw
could help me/ when one of your Mffl ! Lift fWiW W^ S^^mAw^/ i II l/r H
booklets lar brought to my office VM ||||| | j| | if ' * vN 'I ' W
then decided to give Peruna a trial f)|/yj |{ j I jj || !|||||'iSL \ ' /^2^irJ^^^^i^\ \ '' w
and found that I had at last secured vjlw l||| ijjji Iflllr^^^ ,jf, i \/j
the right medicine for me. For two |\\(l jii I iji'li'J! WJ? <£\u25a0 _^j -n$iii wC '^sA'i'ii i 'i '"' Wr
months I used it faithiully, and then . \\S\\ ' | |i j| | { ||| ffl ~£hz&0 M l f^^' \u25a0 / MSI i 'i \ i j t fl*/l
ieit so ivs/.— / was like ayounj man i' lijj! i| 4^-»^^/y jl^^lSi''' i!
ones more. This was over a yaar V\v\ \\ \ I! |' W^^^^J fej^f^'*^ J^^^^^^^Ss^ { fi&vi'
ago and I hav2 not had any trouble \mV«1 M .^^^^^^^^ l^^^^^^^^^^/(^f
Tork City/ writes:" . . e-.-^ V'O V/^/^^^^
"Catarrh • has troubled me for some y^ /^j3T'^&^
years past. ' Iread of the cures effected . \ "Jtl^r
by^Pcruna:in the newspapers and after . . \u25a0 ' m *• Hi
haying: tried other remedies in vain pot ffC) ZIT T\T WASHBt/RJ^
.*; . \u25a0 s . ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0': \u25a0/\u25a0:.;\u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0.. /| U. PRESIDENT LOUISIANA COMMERCIAL CLUB, s*
2^Sf ; Sill "I endorse Peruna because I have remedies for liver and kidney "; diseases.
i'-'bM. $8m$ 1 I fo«nd it of value for stomach or kidney If a man has anything the matter* ith
CT V B" : I|I$8W^ «J»V^M!l 1 Affi ! trouble*. I was cur^-d In fourteen day- his liver give him a cathartic (chola -
• u# .< i r^s. 1^3 K»ffl of a severe case of catarrh of the stomach Ko?rue). so thj> doctors s A y. an* w V. -
\u25a0iAfcftii M t^" W^\ lvO> I which had* left me weak and nervous. people say. If the kidneys do not act
JW I ra-^r? ,V5S KW5C !\u25a0 "I am now as well and strong as any properly, plve a diuretic, so the doctur. i
iw^iJ ! ! O ' ii} I \u25a0 hi ! fey^« I man could wish to be. and enjoy good say. so most people say. Thus it is t'ie A
Y/VrS" Im Stfttf. 'A WJC8& health thanks to Its daily use Hver and kidneys are prodded an-i
|^|j! !H«S^- M I GS8 ''i^ral ,ounj mln It my - ... $P&&r&? *°"«"">"™ " m "
IS ! !! ! : Vi<^^!r JW i Stomach trouble, liver and kidney of the liver, and catatm of the kidneys.
llP.mT^r Jl S disorders, havs been cured by ggS?S? ?&v^ffi$&sZ ai K£&
iP^^J^Mi \u25a0 Per T'. S0 1 f ff' convinC5d of its !^S^ c ?S n^SS^
fcf'f-'^y^.^^>***^*rr!**xfr*±**'t+*fl>gw mints. n. In. H:C3. it is that Peruna cures a great, number of
laver Complaint Resulting From a J™ * **
'\u25a0\u25a0- E;F.P03T. Cold. It 13 worse than useless to prescribe
! Miss'Jessie F. Podmore. Saranac Lake, cathartics for catarrh of the Hver It la
' \u25a0 J , N. Y. is president of the Saranac Wo- worse than uselesa to prescribe diuretic*
* * i man's Athletic Club. She writes: for catarrh of the kldne>s. . Such reme-
: complete relief from your remedy. I have "Three years ago I had a severe attack gS£?t!
no hesitation In recommending Peruna to of liver complaint whicn originated from *prae. Pe^na cures sue n cases V^m\n.
those who suffer from catarrh."-E. F. a neglected cold. My system was clogged ly and. permanently. Psruna CUras ca-
[ p' ., - up. and finally my liver became affected. . » l«.«^-».-j /„-(.. /» A. au ./ on
Mr. Post was for three years. 1S96, 1337^ } had severe headaches backaches and *»«•* wherenritlurk* m the system
and 1898, a member of the New York As- lack of vitality soon told on my nervoua whether of the heac, nOSB, throat,
jSBgjg proved my true friend and lungs, stomach, kidneys, livar or «
c§cri b nIur P a 0 n S^°Co Un o d f er Bost e on JOh H,s H Tf: ISS SSnVr^SS.^wS? VS? mu^uV* p*Me organs.
fl^l<.fltll8Blpeckpr street and his res'- prised and am now a firm friend and If you do not derive prompt and sat'^-
!w* » ifs West Th?rtv!si'xth street strong believer in your medicine. factory results from the use of Peruna.
dence at 128 West l him -sixtn street vseveral of my friends who have suf- write at once to Dr. Hartman. givii.jf a
Pe-ru-na Of V aiue in itlttney A rouDle. f e red with stomach derangements and full statement of your case, and he will
Mr. H. M. Rice. 801 Elliott Square, Buf- catarrh have also been speedily cured."— be pleased to give you his valuable advice
falo;N. Y.,- is secretary of the Pan-Amerl- Jessie Podmore. » *'. gratis. . . \u25a0 •
can" College Students' Association. Ha From time immemorial cathartics and Address Dr. Hartman. president of Tho
writes: diuretics ha^e been used as the proper Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
IB.KATSCHlNSKi
g PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
| 10 THIRD STREEUAK FRANCISCO.
—
g WHEN VALUES TALK ' ' 1
] WE STAND FOREMOST. I
; Every person residing In this city f
knows that they can buy better H
i shoes for less money in this store 6
than elsewhere. We have estab- E
lished an enviable record and are B
proud to boast of that fact. We Bf
are getting new customers every a
day and they stick -with us. Why? %
Because . we give values: we have g
- the" largest stock to select from; R
| have comuetent clerks to fit you. H
.and our prices cannot be duplicated 6
\u25a0 elsewhere. If you have never dealt frj
• with/, us. grive us a call. Here Is a n
special offer— something swell: La- H
dies' vici kid lace shoes with mat B
kid collar and front stay, medium B
coin toes .and. tips; full quarters H
i and Cuban heels. THE PRICE H
j 82.40; Sizes 2«a to 8; widths AA H
to E. ....... J : \i
\ LADIES' FANCY THREK-BL'T- S
TON VICI KID SANDALS, plain E
i coin tors, turned soles and meilium |
P» high h«ela. t'rlou $1.15. Sizes 3 to 8; I
i widths A toE. r
I C- O.>TRY kKD<>RS 'OL'CITEO. g
, We have no branch stores nor G
! traveling salesmen. . o
g PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I ; 10 THIRD STREET." ; \
y;. San Francisco. jfl
/#F Fhone orders cLelivcrccl '^^\
:JS ' Every- time you patronize The Owl Drug store you^ji
ft? save" money - — save it because you \ don't have to pay us sos^
' ( /iw/ mu ch ' for \u25a0 the things" you buy as you do; at other drug storeSflVA
jr. If it isnot convenient for yOu to xrome to The Owl^ if you \a
itii e tO ° au ' a y anc^- no^ ec ? e walking or putting on your |f\
/.'/// street clothes, telephone— call up South 356 and your order will be "1
;h delivered at once. Don't think you -arc imposing on us, for you '
\ Si arC DOt — WC a PP re " ate y° ur telephone orders. 1|
i This- list of prices good until Saturday night, October 19th: ! 1
pi Hermitage Whiskey : 65c Lofa Montez Cream 50c
111 , A m '6. ht r fine wh:«kejr at a very Nettie H«rriion % i well known face
.* »„ , pr !.?.. . » beiutifier-regular 65c
\U Allen's Malt Whiskey 65c tenner's Malt !5c
ft" The beit old malt whitkey in thii ) Carl Ren ner'« German Malt Ex-
Ifill • m ". - tract,- made in > Munich— «pecial ' I
W\ Juvenile Soap 3 for 25c P rlee b v the do «a i l -is I
W\ Re t u!*r price it 15c t cake . MlMyon's Soap JOc /', /}
W x CamelJne 30c Re t aUrlyi5e MUJ
UiV. Sells In mott ttorei for 50c— we ! Cold Cream 2OC Mil
\\VOricntal Cream $1.00 Raymond's Colotfne I5c W
WVs, A h! £ h priced cream - much 5 \JQ O^ne IOC MJI
Vwjv" cheaper than usual The size that aella regularly for 15c • /,///
\^v,* N N Shampoo \u25a0 2 for 5c La Figurine . i 15c £/J/
\\\*V *I*O M#fS\s^1 3t.« San FVancttro wJ I
> tV A -^ Bread w«y t* IOtK St.. O*HI*nd . AYr# \u25a0ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 12.— Major
General Retink, manager of the battleship
yards, is gQJn>? to the United States to
study the American steel industry?- The
construction of the American built Rus
sian cruiser Varlag has surprised him.
Will Study Our Steel Industry.
Attorney Donohoe ', Acquitted.
The case of Dennis Donohoe,' attorney,
charged with battery upon H. J. Irvin, a
rent collector, in his office a't 119 Bush
street; was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. It was proved by Donohoe
and. John Charters, a -client, that Irvin
was very offensive in his manner and re
fused to leave after being requested to do
so. \u25a0 Donohoe took him by the \u25a0• arm and
jput him out. '-.->-'•
The Episcopalians Are Visiting-
Northern California.
Our Eastern and accompanying
friends are made low side trip rates by
the Southern Pacific. All sections are ss
curing many visitors. It is reported that
travel to Sacramento, Marysville, Wood
land. Napa, Santa Rosa, Colfax and
Northern California is unusually heavy.
Mr. Vogelsang has been one of the com
mission's deputies for more than four
years and is thoroughly, competent to fill
the office for which he has been chosen.
He states that his work will be practi
cally along- the same lines as those fol
lowed by Mr. Babcock and that he con
templates no changes in the machinery
of his department.
The Board of Fish Commissioners met
yesterday morning and selected C. A. Vo
gelsang as chief deputy to fill the .va
cancy caused by the resignation of J. A.
Babcock, who has accepted an important
position under the Canadian Government.
Charles Vogelsang Chosen to Fill Im
portant Position in Enforcement
of Game Laws.
12-pound hammer throw — Won by Weller.* U.
H. S. ; Sanborn, S. R. H. S., second, and
Briggs, third. Distance. 140 feet.
'Relay race, one mile— Won by Oakland High
School; Berkeley High School, second; Ukiah
High School, third. Time. 3:26V 2 .
The following officials were in charge
of the meet:
Referee, Charles Harris; starter— B. Bake
well; timers— Colonel Edwards, George Thomp
son, F. Caughery; judges at finish — E. Hussey,
A. Cadogan.' McCaughern; Held Judges — R. R.
Service, Fred Koch, A. Cheek; inspectors— W.
A. E. Woods, J. Coffin, B. Westdahl. H. S.
Thompson, G. Williams; clerks— N. Titus, Wil
liam Powell; . measurers — O. La ' Valltere,
Cooley: scorer — W. L. Potts; announcer — J.
Kennedy. •
FISH COMMISSIONERS
SELECT CHIEF DEPUTY
Pole vault— A tie between Cox, U. H. S., and
Burpee, O. H. S. Height, 9 feet 9% Inches;
Kocher, S. J. H. S., t!iird.
Shot put— Won by Hinds, O. H. S.: Briggs,
U. II. S., second; Bonnifield, P. H. S., third.
Distance, 42 feet % inch.
Broad jump— Won by Chaplin. B. H. S. ;
Brock, B. H. S.. second; Maserstadt. third.
Distance. 20 feet 10 4-5 inches.
220-yard hurdle— Won by TVeller, U. H. S.;
Boettiger, B. H. S., second; Sanborn, S. R. H.,
S.. third. Time, :26 2-5.
High jump— A tie between Thomas and Sea
well. Ukiah High School. Height, 5 . feet i\i
Inches.
220-yard dash— Won by W. B. Hasans. U. H.
S. ; Wilcox, O. H. S., second: Griffin, third.
Time, :22 3-5. Former record, :23 l-» seconds.
Quarter-mile— Won by Sheean. O. H. S. ;
Boettlnger, B. H.' S., second; Wyckoff, third.
Time, :S3 3-5 seconds.
Half-mile— Won by Norton, O. H.S.; Cayne.
O. H. S.. second; Hazell/ L. H. S., third.
Time, 2:CS 1-5.
Mile run— Won by G. Weller, U. H. S. ; Cog
gins, P. H. S., second. Time, 4:54.
120-yard hurdle— Won by Weller, U., H. S.;
Chaplin, B. H. S., second; Thomas, U. H. S.,
third. Time, :16 4-5.
H. S.,' third. Time, :10 2-5. Former record.
:10. 3-5. . ...
November 8 and 9 have been selected as
the days of the show. The maple room
of the Palace Hotel will, as usual, be the
place. Miss Jennie Blair is chairman of
the committee of arrangements, assisted
by the Misses Buckles and Dillon and
Mrs. Tubbs. The doll committee is head
ed by Mrs. Frank D. Bates. All indica
tions point to a most unique and success
ful entertainment.
A novel departure from the plans here
tofore obtaining at the annual doll show
of the 'Doctor's Daughters will be intro
duced this year. Instead of the display
of rrodel dolls which has always been a
conspicuous figure, only salable dolls will
be Dlaced on exhibition. Of course there
will be a miniature doll house, donated
this year by Misses Lillian and Grace
Spreckels.
A vaudeville performance on the after
noons and evenings of the two days the
show will 'be open is the new feature. Al
ready society is greatly interested in the
matter and is curious to know who will
be the participants. Mrs. W. J. Somers is
chairman of the entertainment committee
and has decided to arrange the afternoon
programmes for the benefit of the younger
generation and the evening programmes
for their elders. . >
Doctor's Daughters Will Introduce a
Vaudeville Show by Society
People.
There were no notable performances in
the field events. Neither the jumpers,
pole-vaulters nor weight men approached
the previous records.
The hammer-throw was the last event
on the programme. At this stage of the
PREPARE FOR GRANTJ
DISPLAY OF DOLLS
The mile run resulted in a grand race
between G. Weller and Coggins. Weller
led throughout and stalled off Coggins'
effort at tne finish. The remainder ot the
big field was run to a standstill.
The quarter mile was almost a dead
heat between Sheean and Boettiger. The
former caught the judges' eyes first. In
another stride his opponent .was abreast
of him.
» FTER withstanding for years the
J\ assaults of such sprinters . as
ZA\ Drum, Asbill. Abadie and Ligda,
£ the Academic Athletic League 100
.yard record of 10 3-5 seconds was
reduced yesterday at Oakland racetrack
by one-fifth of a. second. The new sprint
ing wonder is W. B. Hagans of Ukiah
High School. He is 16 years old, very tall
and thin,- and would never be picked out
as 'a sprinter or an athlete. He also es
tablished a new record in the 220-yard
dash, covering the distance in 22 3-5 sec
onds, replacing Cadogan's former record
of :23 1-5. In this he finished all out,
inches in front of Wilcox of Oakland High
School. He proved a slow starter in both
races, not getting up until the last twen
ty-five yards. This is the first year Ukiah
has won the "hundred."
The third record established during the
day was in the 220-yard hurdle. Captain
Weller of Ukiah did 26 2-5 seconds, as
against his own record of :27: 2-5. He
was not present in either of the hurdle
events, winning handily. :
When the fast time was made in the
sprints the claim was made that the track
is down grade. The matter was referred
to the superintendent of the grounds. He
said the surveyor's maps show it to he
two feet up grade from the three-quarter
mile post to the finish. This is the direc
tion in which the races were run. The
summary: ?
100-yard dash— First heat won by Wllcox, O.
H. S.; Griffin, O. P. H. S.. second; Lang, C.
S. M. A., third. Time, :10 4-5. Second heat
won by Hasans, U. H. S.: -Nelson, B. H. S.,
second; Baldwin, O. H. S., third. Time,
:10 u-5. Final heat won by W. B. Hagans, II.
H. S.; Wilcox, O. H. S., second; Griffin, O. P.
proceedings Ukiah and Oakland High
schools were a tie for the championship,
each having scored ."9 points to 28 for
Berkeley High School. Ukiah won the
hammer-throw. Captain Weller taking
first place and Briggs third place. This
carried with it the championship.
THE SPRINTER FROM ' UKIAH HIGH SCHOOL WHO WAS. A STAR PERFORMER AT THE SEMI-ANNUAL FIELD
DAY OF THE ACADEMIC ATHLETIC LEAGUE HELD YESTERDAY ON THE NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY
CLUB TRACK, EMERYVILLE, WITH SOME INCIDENTS OF THE DAY'S SPORT. . .
BALTIMORE. Md.. Oct. 12.— Judge Mor
ris of the United Stales Circuit Court to
day handed down his decision in the Rus
sian sugar bounty cases, upholding- the
action of Collector Stone in levying an
extra duty of 70 cents a hundred pounds
on sugar imported to this countrj- from
Russia by Robert E. Dov/ns, .a commis
sion merchant of this city.
Stone's action wa? taken in accordance
with an order from the Treasury Depart
ment, dated December li. 1S9S. which lev
ied this additional duty, claiming that the
Russian Government allowed a bounty of
thai amount. The attorney for Downs,
in his argument before Judge Morris,
maintained that Russia -paid no bounty
on sugar, and that the legislation in that
country which gave rise to the action of
the Treasury Department was simpiy an
attempt to avoid the evils of overproduc
tion.
To do this it was enacted that all sugar
produced above a prescribed amount
should bo taxed double. This prescribed
amount is distributed among the different
manufacturers proportionate to their to
tal production. The District Attorney, for
the Government, argued that the Rus
sian Government practically said to its
manufacturers:
"The more sugar you produce the more
The accumulated events of the r.ight
proved too much for the father of Cro
lian and he has gone hopelessly and vio
lently insane.
,you may sell at home," and give to every
exporter a certainty of a market value on
the exchange of 2 cents a pound, and that
this was virtually a bounty on exported
susrar.
TOPEKA. Kans., Oct. 12.— As a result of
a quarrel at a dance in Lane, a little town
in Pottawatomie County, early this morn
ing two men were burned to death, one
lies at the point of death and another is
hopelessly insane.
A dance was held there last night which
was attended by a large number of the
rougher young men of the community.
About 1 o'clock this morning a general
light started. When it was over it was
found that John Teehan had been* struck
on the head and fatally injured.
When it became known how seriously
Teehan v.as hurt the other dancers scat
tered. One of them. Eugene Cronan, a
real opiate agent, went to his office to
sleep, and was accompanied by J. Mc-
Donald. During the early hour* of the
morning the office was set on fire by some
of the other dancers and the two men
wrre burned to death.
Two Men Dead, One
Dying and One Insane
in Kansas.
Federal Judge Decides
Russian Sugar Bounty-
Cases.
COURT UPHOLDS
EXTRA TARIFF
DANCING ENDS
IN TRAGEDIES
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, alias
Ernest Moore Chadwick, was brought
from the County Jail yesterday morning
and booked at the City Prison on the
charge of perjury, in accordance with the
indictment of the Grand Jury. The per
jury was committed during the recent
trial of the defendant before Judge Law
lor on the charge of forgery.
Cooper Booked for Perjury.
Princess Radziwill, who was present in
court, has been a frequent visitor to
South Africa, and the case has aroused
ali the greater interest because the Prin
cess has apparently always been on
friendly terms with Rhodes and the cir
cles of which he was the leader.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The London Times
on August 8 published the following:
"We understand that attempts have
been»made to negotiate certain promissory
notes purporting to have been indorsed
by Mr. Cecil Rhodes. We are instructed
to state that if any such instruments are
in circulation they are forgeries."
This notice was inserted by B. A.
Hawkesley, counsel for Rhodes.. Hawkes
ley informed a correspondent to-day that
he had heard early in August that some
body was trying to pass some such notes.
. "Mr. Rhodes," said Hawkesley, "never
signs notes. If he. wants to give money
away he gives a check. Mr. Louw, on
whom the note was passed, is a trades
man. The mere fact that only £1130 was
paid shows there was something fishy ti
the transaction."
Princess Radziwill is the Princess Cath
erine, who lived at the Carlton Hotel,
London, in luxurious style.
The money was advanced on a promis
sory note for £2000, drawn by the Prin
cess and purporting to have been indorsed
by Cecil .Rhodes.- The latter's lawyer
made an affidavit to the effect that he had
written to Rhodes on the subject and that
Rhodes repudiated the indorsement and
all knowledge of the affair. The court al
lowed the case as against Rhodes to stand
over until November 1, pending the arri
val of Rhodes' affidavits.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 12.-Sensational de
velopments are . expected from a case
\u25a0which was heard in ' the Supreme Court
to-day, In which Thomas Louw obtained
judgment In £1150 against Princess Radzi
will. •
Princess Radziwill Stirs Up
Trouble for the Noted
Financier.
Lawsuit -at. Cape Town
Promises a Rare
Sensation.
RHODES SAYS
IT IS FRAUD
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 13, 1901.
Hagahs Sets Low Marks for the •'Hundred'' and .V.TwoTwehty,' •
While Captain Weller Knocks a Full Second Off the "Two
Twenty" Hurd:e Timeat the Academic AthletioLeague Field Day
NEW RECORDS ARE ESTABLISHED
BY UKIAH HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
15
/$ $vr 1^ BEST FOR THE BOWELS
? CANDY j<2?»* -__.*_. a taste good. Eat them like candy. They
? «....._ \ remove any bad taste In the mouth, leay-
l CATHARTIC ; ing the breath sweet and perfumed. It is
*-"-~~"-— — s k fl e :gSc^iV s ch& e ™i. alld they are^
•sk,*m*sk.** *****+*•***%*** sweeten the stomach by cleansing 1 th&
£ CWCCTITM r _#"^^ mouth, throat and food channel. That
> onLLItii \ tL~DLVt4*ftfl(&X\ means, they stop undigested food from
C TUC CTnunru ? *QSwN?*riMV6&!§ souring In the stomach, prevent g-as form-
£ inc O I UKIftV/H 5 i ng - j n the bowels, and kill disease germs
"»******r*******r*r*n**ra \ of any kind that breed and feed in the en-
tire system.
•w**D**+fluu**uwn* are purely vegetable and contain no mer-
i PURELY € _<^ curial or other mineral poison. They con-
* t ni_wi j G^XVtJT* n> rt^Tv Flsl of the latest discoveries In medicine,
i VEGETABLE € T^*y<*Ti'*wWji%njtf and form a combination of remedies un-
*~.w*r -Mi r .m* r *w*..w.^J ! equaled to make the blood pure and rich
wwwwiw, and make clean skin and beautiful com-
3-«««««««-*«— F Icx!o /i: v * k • , * » \u25a0
{ (J tone the stomach and bowels and stir up
I inrCD TrtMin \ Jf9^ _- a the lazy liver. They do not merely soften,
? LIVtn TUiMU ) U"TilH!0jU2ADi the stool! and cause their discharge, but
} ( strengthen the bowels and put them into
«««««*-»«»w_«*»k^ -^«i^_________^^^ lively, healthy condition, making their ac-
tion natural.
f* r *_ f . - T^!!>*irf ML? W|W <£ never grip nor gripe. They act quietly, pos-
( ! MILD BUT i _r*O a. Itlvel y an d never cause any kind of uncom-
I 1 i C < nTfc/*i>5i£lIi Portable feeling. Taken regularly they make
', SURE 5 ths liver act regularly and naturally as It
( i^mhmwvwummm. s> *^ should. They keep the sewerage of the body
properly moving- and keep the system clean.
k-«_ u «^^.- K -.-^-.-^-w increase the flow of milk in nursing mot;h«
Kon££r\-rSi^% «. ers - If the mother eats a tablet, it makes
i DUUK FOn 5 frnr^»rt\io\T*k her mllk m!Idl >' purgative and has a mild
5 tkun-rurrAr* B CSwi^ftft/fiAiVjg but certain effect on the baby. In tills way
c HiUlritnb J mm *"*"^ ih * v are the only safe laxative for the
nursing Infant.
* taken patiently, persistently, will cure any
wmmwmmmaiwu form of constipation, no matter how old or
t TURF I _f??f».j»_--S-»rt'fcTv now o f ten other remedies have fafled. They
j vvuu * BT^yj^Q^^AJ^ are absolutely guaranteed to cure any case,
<S CONSTIPATION I , ,n i -^ or purchase money will be cheerfully re-
*wwiii»»iii#^iiuiij ——»_»\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 1 funded.
cost 10c. 25c. ZOc a box. Samples sent fre©
_%vifvwow»vwr» for thf> askin jr. We publish no testimonials
5 MCVCD cm n 9 but se!1 Cascarets on their merit under ab-
£ UCVtri OULU I ferOJtfCSJMiW* solute guarantee to cure. Buy and try a
5 IM DIM if f tti mi -^ box to-day, or -write ua for free samples
k in DUL.IV g and booklet.
H**k*»W>*W****r» *» lUim BTKEUSO SEXEOT CO., CHICAGO er CT1T TOBE.
dOr. PFWA Bit be P* ia t0 any reader of this paper who will re-
vj)! *J\J fvL. VT r»i\U' port to us any attempt of substitution, or sale of
'?*\u25a0- *' something just as good" when Cascarets are called
for, &nd famish evidence upon which we can convict. All correspondence confidential.
Thai GoffS spoon.
There are some men -who seem to ba
favorites of fortune. They are indus-
trious, cheerful , workers, full to over-
flowing of the energy of splendid health,
and success" seems fairly to drop into
their hands. It is of such as these that
., • t the less hardy
.^\v|MtM - ~ and less success-
, N^^X^^V '*' ful man says
J^^*^_!^^^x enviously,
gold spoon in
Z^^J*V^^be found that
"i ~-^s~~'"-^v_/ this success is
: largely due to
splendid , health, the endowment of a
healthy mother. I '.
I Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription gives
the mother health to give her child. . It
! cures nervousness, nausea and sleepless-
1 ness. It makes the body comfortable and
[the mind content. It gives physical
jvigor and muscular elasticity so that the
baby's advent is practically painless. . i
I "I will endeavor to tell you of the many
benefits I have derived from taking Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription," writes Mrs. B. E. Robert-
6on, of Medicine Lodge, Barber Co.. Kans. "In
the. fall of 1899 1 was expecting to become a
mother and suffered terrioly with pains in the
back of head ; in fact I ached all over. Suffered
•with awful bearinsr-down pains; I was threat-
ened for weeks with mishap. A lady friend
; told me to use Dr. Pierce's medicines. She had
italcen them and felt like a new woman. I bestan
lusinethe ' Favorite Prescription ' and took four
:bottles before my baby came and two after-
,'wards. I suffered almost death with my other
itwo children, but hardly realized that* I was
sick when this baby was born and she weighed
twelve and one-quarter pounds. She' is now
eleven months old and has never known an
hour's sickness; at present she weighs thirty-
Beven pounds. I owe it all to Dr. P-rrce's
Favorite Prescription."
I "Favorite Prescription" makes weak
J women strong, and sick women' welL
j Accept no substitute for the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
1 Dr. Pierce's Pleasan: Pellets are the
[most desirable laxative for delicate
\u25a0women.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
__B^ _,. U [___—-_• _ !
is compounded wi.h the greatest
of care and contains nothing injur-
ious. It is a safe and reliable rem-
edy for stomach complaints and
has a record of fifty .years of cure
to its credit. Many prominent
physicians prescribe" and recom-
mend it a? a cure for dyspepsia,
ind'gestioa, flitulfeney, belch-
ing", nervousnass and insomnia.
Try it. The genuine must have
our Private Die Stamp over the
neck of the bottle.
I: — ; — ; ;
Free Trial of a New Home Cure— No
Pain, Operation or Loss of
Tim3 Fjom Work.
Send Yonr Name and Address To-
Day and Be Quicklv Cured.
Every man afflicted with Varicocele will
be glad to know that he can have a free
trial of a new and wonderful method that !
cures at home, speedily and surely. There I
is no operation, no pain, no letting of i
blood, but a quick relief and a rapid, per- j
manent cure. It is such a brilliant dis- i
covery, so different from the worthless;
suspensories and supporters that every;
man should send at once for a free trial i
of the method* so he' may. begin curing!
himself In the .privacy of his own home, j
By writing fb Dr. W. S. Rice, 1182 W. j
Main St., Adams, N. Y., he will gladly
mail, prepaid, in plain, sealed wrapper, a i
free trial of the method that will enable
every sufferer to cure himself at home.
Do not fail to write at once. Varicocele is
a very dangerous disease. ,
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- ' Aj§Bs_.
perience in fitting and curing- /^^(Sa_.
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method , _fe^^wH?__
is secured in this office. We lJFi%§Wj1
pert fitting and\^K. '
furnish * • * •
TRUSSES FREE/TIJIl^
We can cure reducible jra [iffr
ruptures in 60 days by our . R< |iil__L i|_i
method without pain or Ios3 B j^m M9
of time. Over -JO.COO cures
in 10 years. The fee may J£Y\ Eg«ygW
be deposited :n a bank, pay- I^W^^^
able to your own order, to be pif^lsXs
handed us when cured; NOT iP*llc
BEFORE. Successful on IS S 4
men, women and children. fji | M
Branch offices in all large r| ' n
cities. Consultation free. fey _1
Fidelity Rupture Cure. «J? %
Rooms 4, 5 & 6, Kp. 26j& Kearny St., S. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
SHUSEUH OF AHATOEiY#
A £B . 1051 KA3SST ST. tat. 6:it£7^. S.r.Cal.
\ fcfr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A ____JU>_ World. Weaknesses or . any contracted _}
V VEszSJl *seaie positively enrnd by tht olcieit T '
® iBSl Specialist on the Coast Esr. 36 years. «_»
A nvjgvn DS. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN rt
\ frtjft&Sfl Consultation free and stri<-My private. X
A I jJS^t n Treatment personally or by letier. A B
Y \u25a0 (JrnS Positive Cure in every case undertaken. \
i M /f lift Write for Book. PniLOSOPnY af >
r " I \\^ SXARIIIACE. MAILS!) FREE, f A7
\ Jt jL iraluable book for mm) > \
f I>n. JOUOAM A CO., 105l Market 8t.,S. F. 9
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete abeorption anu
healthful regularity... . ......
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Ht-adache. Biliousness, Cou-
nt Ipai Ion, Pil-ss and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. KADWAY & CO., New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVEETISESIENT3.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Trouble Makes Ton Miserable.
Almost everybody who reacts the news-
papers is stare to know of the wonderful
i^ jT £\'t cures made by Dr.!
s-rr-vEF i Kilmer's Swamp-Root, !
• QsZ>sy^ j the great kidney, liver,
E- iUr3o-f J 7 li; anc * bladder remedy. \
n Tlr^Sl L* I* i« the great me*
j. lA [ |v cal triumph of the nine-
v yi \ lifjif teenth century; dis-
\^= V, lilllli covered after years of
,i ' ff 52 • i w-Jii[]^ scientific research by
In hr -d^3\§ Dr. Kilmer, the emi-:
| _• AwT. " nent kidney and blad-
:= -i> 1 - - £ cr specialist^ aaj { s
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
just the remedy you need. 1 1 has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
-who have not already tried It, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer in this paper and t^fT^-mji
se/id your address to gf^jMjFJeSS!: 3S2lS"£s»5
Dr. Kilmer Sc Co., Bin?- E*&£iii4tuii£; «£iH|2S:
harr.ton, N. Y. The
regular fifty cent and Homo of Swamp-Root j
dollar sizes arc cold by all food druggists.
TVITH A CROWN' OF SUCCESS.
(Copyright and trademark applied for.) "'
M»YERLE'S GLASSES
DO NOT COST MORE THAN OTHERS, but
are FAR SUPERIOR to all others for readinjc
or distance, weak eye3, poor sight, headaches,
dizziness, cloudiness of vision, floating spots,
pains about the eyes, bshind the head or in
temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes, cross eyes,
burning smarting, itching, scratching, twitch-
ing, gluey or discharging eyes, heavy eyelids.
etc. Neglected eyesight affects the brain.
Mayerle's Classes strengthen the eyes and
brain. Mayerle's Glasses are used by the high-
est United States Army, Navy and Government
officials. _____
GEORGE MAYERLE,
GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Also graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OP
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.)
IO71K 7V\«ai-Fc€5*: Street
(Nearly opposite Hibernia Bank). San yranclsca.
Persons ordering glasses by mail should stat >
their age; also whether glassfs are wanted for
reading or distance, or •both, and what price.
Consultation. Examination and Advice Fre*.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
GERMAN F-YEWAYER 50c.
CUT iHio» OUT.
| CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
I / "THE SUPERIOR OF
I THEM ALL"
Q Everything- that tends to.
h speed, comfort, pleasure and
|| luxury unlimited. Reserve
! I ' berths for this famous train
1 1 at 641 Market street, -
!f IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
; THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
Bel agSa ** toF^^iFlt BS _BL^^|Ba
£: M Q pvj OT~1 E_J tSSJ ID 8 USfl
p! /* k| feJ^ fn ___H A^^^B
S '3 Jj *&& 3w R *C& Mi
I ..^fiSj^WEAK
C f' n obta ' n renew-
•J^S^K^i^Z'^SlS^ ed strength and
/ > vl ? or by the use of
\u25a0 ' ' ' >Dt - Piece's (lat-
\u25a0/7nW?v'\v est lm » roved >
' /* riF tT f \^\ "ELE CTKICBELT"
end Appliances. Drujs do not cure. Elec-
! tricity is the remedy I Buy no Beit until
you see Dr. Pierce'a. for it ia the BEST.
Thousands cured!
(ETCall at office or «end a 2c stamp for
' epw "Booklet No. i." Address PIERCK
: ELECTRIC CO.. MS Post St., San Fran-
: tlsro. Eastern office— 1145 Broadway, New
YcrR.
*3» CHICHCSTER*S ENGLISH
PERMYROYflL PILLS
WO _/rj*X. Or!_in al and Only Bflnntwn,
&M VV*ii for CHICHJESTEK-S ENGLXSH
fof\&r-i#l^ U KED nt Sold mstilllo bozn. H.!e4
pk zPO?' 4 wlth b: °* ribbon. Toko \u25a0» other. Reft**
TH *\l Itoiceroaa SibitftatlMi «nd Ialto.
I / f_r tiaa*. Bay *f jmr OrvfgiM. «r mat 4«. fat
I __• _jf «»mB« fcr PartJenUrm, TV«1m««Ll»
\tB». f? "ilil " RclUf fur L«dl«," rt liinr, V r»
_X A turn MalU 1 O,»M>O T«tlmoni»l>. Sou Sy
.HDranltu. .Chlehr^ttr Chemical C»-
Meat>a tbls paper. Mnditor »q.«re, PUiLA- i»£
DDTTC XJ 17 Q for barbers, bak.
__J t\ II Oil JLO ers. bootblacks, bath-
•*** •-•**»»» houses, billiard tables,
brewers, 'bookbinders, candy-makers, canaers.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Weekly .. Cali,$1.00 pep Year
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME,
Ll XT. KJJAPP, M. D.
JJaw anv man mu ouickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
S of Ltrertn* rrom sexusl «ta lost - IJSSU^SLVSFS&S ?5£^ *
vltsJlty. night lossee. varicocele. etc. and en- -Dear Sir— Your method worked beautifully,
larre small, weak organs to full else and vigor. Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
Simply »end your name and address to Dr. L. and vipor have completely returned and en-
W. Knapp, 137* Hull building. Detroit. Mich., largement is entirely satisfactory."
and he will gladly eend the free receipt with "Dear Sir — Yours wu received and I had no
full directions so that any man may easily cure trouble In making: use of the receipt as directed,
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen- and can truthfully say it is a boon to weak
«rous offer, and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved in size, strength
?rom his daily mall ehow what men think of and vigor."
h!» generosity: AH correspondence is strictly confidential,
\u25a0'i/eax Kir — Please accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for yours of recent date. I have given your U free for the asking and he wants every man
treaiiaent a thorough test aid the benefit has to have it. • . .t,A NOTED MINING SUPERIN
, TENDENT WHO ! PASSED
AWAY -AT BUTTE,' MONT.
strong, self-reliant. Indefatigable.. To the com
pany which employed him during. the past five
years he^was a pillar of strength, cordially re
spected by his friends, cordially hated by hla
opponents. . Loyalty, was his conspicuous trait.
Ihat such a man in the zenith of a robust
mansood and in- the period of his greatest
usefulness, should be called to the beyond with
naraly an hour's warning Is inexpressibly sad.
io a loving. wife and children the blow must
De, almost , insupportable . and. calls for the
\u25a0fre^Sd 0^^ of alI/ ' Bya11 ftViU b ' :
Respecting his personal character there will
be different opinions expressed. Outwardly
cold, tacjturn and austere, he was a man who
made 'few -Intimate, friends,- yet those who
knew him well say that no man had a' warmer
heart or took greater interest in those he es
teemed deserving. Toward his wife and chil
dren he was affectionate and solicitous far be
yond wthe average, man: : ; To all others \u25a0' during
business hours he was the man of business.
The death of -Christopher 'S. Batterman is
more than a personal loss. to his relatives and
friends. It is a loss to. the mining industry
of Montana. As a mining engineer' he was a
man of remarkable ability. 'He was devoted
to his profession to the exclusion of everything
else except his family. His. capacity for. work
was extraordinary. His .rnlevwas ; " never", to
waste a moment, of time. :As 'a miner he has
had no superior in Montana. \u25a0 As a witness in
mining cases requiring accurate : knowledge
perfect self-control, -.quick wit and
of detail he was without a superior in the
world of mining litigation. /Hts memory was
marvelous, which fact largely accounts for his
success in life. ' . . . . \u25a0
His funeral took place at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery in this city last Friday and was
attended by many of his former college
mates,., among them Charles Butters of
South Africa,, who delivered the-follow
ing eulogy on Mr. Batterman: - .
Mr. Batterman' first made his appear
ance In Montana as a witness in the fa
mous Bell-Speculator case, and was later
employed by F. A. Heinze, After leaving
Heinze's employ he became superintend
ent of the underground work for the Bos
ton and Montana, probably the richest
copper mine In Butte, ; which, during the
last year of Batterman's life showed. a
profit of $7,000,000. In addition to this he
was also underground manager of the
Butte and Boston and other Montana min
ing companies.
During the miners' strike in Tombstone
in 18S4 he was ordered to leave Tombstone
by the Miners" Union under pain of per
sonal violence if he disobeyed the order.
Other* mine superintendents had the no
tice served on them and left the camp
the night they received the order, but
Batterman did not. He called upon a
friend and said that if he could get three
men to stay by him he wou.d not leave.
All he wanted was a fair chance and he
would fight it out.' The: three men were
found and Chris Batterman stayed at his
post, and his bravery and personal cour
age were the admiration of the mining
camp. • -
Shortly after that mining case he was
called as a witness in* the great mining
suit between the Copper Queen and Cop
per Prince Mining companies -of Bisbee,
Ariz., and :agrain created a favorable im
pression, and from .that date until his
death his reputation was established as
one of the leading men among the miners
of the West.
intendent of the Head Center mine and he
was appointed.
CHRISTOFHEK S. BATTEKMAU.
one of the most prominent engi
neers in the. United States, died
at Butte, Mont, on October 7.
His body was brought to this city
for cremation.
Mr. Batterman was well known thrangh
out all mining sections In the United
States and was connected for the last
seven or «>ight years with some of the
largest copper mines In Butte, Mont.
Mr. Batterman was the only son of Gen
eral C. C. Batterman, for many years su
perintendent of the Gould & Curry and
other Comstock mines. He entered the
University of California In 1875 and grad-
\u25a0uated from the engineering department in
lSi9. and left soon after to follow his pro
fession in Arizona*. IJe .thQ under
ground surveyor of* the Head Center
mine. Tombstone, during 1SS1 and 1882. As
a witness for the Head Center Mining
Company during the celebrated case be
tween the Contention and Head Center
Mining Company in 1882 he displayed such
remarkable coolness, combined with a
knowledge both theoretical and practical
of his profession, that the attorneys for
the Contention Mining Company, and
they were the greatest in their specialty
in the, West, expressed amazement at his
conduct and ekill under their cross-ex
amination, and when the case was decided
in favor ol the Contention Mining Com
pany they recommended him for super-
PROMINENT MINING MAN OF MONTANA IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
tt^. >yEWS of .the unexpected death of
r^k'H Mark Thall, one of the proprie
| tors of the Alcazar and the Cen
1 A \J tral Theater, which occurred yes
terday at Mount Zion Hospital,
came as a shock to. his host of friends.
Although ailing during the week. h>s
strong will kept him , at work, until on
Friday morning his friends- insisted on
sending him to Mount Zlon Hospital,
where, It was thought, a few days' rest
and attention would restore him to health. |
Both the Alcazar and the Central Thea
ter will remain closed, out of respect to
the memory of the deceased, until Tues
day evening, when performances will be
resumed at both houses.
' as a manager was due as much to his
geniality as to the sound business acumen
he possessed.
A son, Charles M.. and daughter, Ella,
survive him. His brother Sam is at pres
ent in Portland, but has been notified of
his death and is expected here in time for
the funeral.
The funeral of the late Mark Thall will
take place Tuesday morning, the first re
ligious services being held at 9:15 o'clock
at the residence of M. E. Mayer, 353
Geary street. The public ceremonies will
be under the direction of San Franctsco
Lodge No. 3, E. P. O. E.. at Elks' Hall.
S23 Sutter street, commencing at 10
o'clock. The interment will be at Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, the funeral cortege
going by the 11:30 train from Third ami
Townsend streets.
Mrs. Aggie Kelly, who was convicted by
a jury In Judge Lawlor's court Friday on
the charge of abducting Sophie Finegold,
a young girl, and placing her in a house
of ill fame in Eureka, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. Attorney Sweeney asked
that sentence be postponed to enable him
to prepare a bill of exceptions for an ap
peal to the Supreme Court, and as the
Judge is to leave to-day on his vacation
the matter was continued till December
7. The girl was sent later to the Magda
len Asylum by order of the court.
Aggie Kelly Not Sentenced.
Shortly after his arrival at the hospital
he was taken with . an acute attack .ot
heart tro'uble, but rallied. Yesterday
morning a second attack followed, which
proved fatal. The attending physicians
diagnosed his case as acute inflammation
of the muscles of the heart. Notice of his
death was immediately posted in front of
the two theaters and hundreds called to
express their regrets.
At U years of age .Mark Thall had
\u25a0 achieved a notable success in the theatri
cal world and was knjown . from one end
of the United States to the other. He was
born in Montgomery, Ala., and got his
first introduction into the show world by
joining a circus. \u25a0 "He did not remain witn
this life long and soon, after his arrival in
San tYancisco became, office boy at the
old Bush-street Theater. .....
It was not long before his- geniality and
ability, won him promotion and he was
soon made treasurer. ' He went on the
road as agent for Leavitt's attractions,
traveling between' here and the Missouri
River, handling some of the largest at
' tractions and being popularly known
everywhere as the "boy agent." After
Leavitt gave up his troupes Thall went
to the Alcazar under the old management
6f Wallenrod. Osbourne & Stockwell,
i where lie remained five' years.
Georgie Cayvan was the next to secure i
his services, and he traveled for several
years as her advance agent. But his old
love for San Francisco caused his return,
and taking up the waning fortunes of the
Alcazar, together with P'red Belasco and
M. E. Mayer, he helped make it one of
the most popular -and best paying house;}
in the 1 ' city. Always genial, he made j
friends in all directions, and his success |
WELL, KNOWN" AND POPULAR
THEATRICAL. MANAGER. WHO
DIED SUDDENLY YESTERDAY.
.Miss Amalia Citron, who resided at 13CT
Masonic avenue, committed suicide by in
haling illuminating gas at her home yes
terday afternoon. The woman was de
spondent owing 1 to deafness and an in
creasing Impediment in her speech.
Early In the afternoon Miss Citron an
nounced to her mother that she was about
to retire to her room. Instead she went
to a small room In the attic, vhere sho
fastened a rubber tube to a gas jet. Sha
accomplished her death . by burying her
head with the end of the tube under the
bedclotning and inhaling the deadly
forces. Shortly after 7 o'clock her body
was discovered by her brother, who ia
employed in a downtown office as a
searcher of. records. Miss Citron was 23
years of age.
Miss Amalia Citron Inhales niumi
natLng: Gas ta Attic in. Her
Home.
LOSS OF HEABHTG KBIVES
A WOMAN TO SUICHD3
While making the attempt to rescue
Mrs. Gorman, Mullee had his face and
hands badly cut by glass in breaking
down a door. He was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital for treatment.
Mrs. Anna Gorman, 65 years of age. who
conducted a. small grocery store and bar
at 240 Langton street, lost her life about
10:45 o'clock last night In a fire which
broke out in the rear part of the store,
which she also occupied as a dwelling.
Her body was found at the foot of a
small flight of steps leading to her apart
ments.
. "When the neighbors saw . names and
smoke coming: out of the store two youn^
men, named John Alullee and G. T. Degr
enhart. went Into the burning building
and found Mrs. Mary Burke, who haU
been visiting Mrs. Gorman, groping her
way through the smoke. She was safely
gotten out and told Mullee and Degen
hart that Mrs. Gorman was still inside.
They again went into the building- and
after groping around In the smoke found
Mrs. Gorman's body at the foot of the
flight of stairs. Her clothing was partly
consumed, but It is thought she was suf
focated by the smoke.
According to Mrs. Burke, she and Mrs.
Gorman .were conversing In the rear
rcom, when the lamp was either over
turned or exploded. The room, took fire
at once and both made for the stairway,
Mrs. Burke succeeded la getting down,
but Mrs. Gorman was fzftally burned.
Explosion of Coal Oil Lamp
Seta the Dwelling
Ablaze.
Mrs. Anna Gorman Be*
comes the Victim of
Flames and Smoke.
WOMAN SUFFERS
DEATH IN FIDE
THE SAN pALL,'SUNbAT, OCTOBER -13, 1901;
Heart Failure After an Illness -of Only a Few
Days Ends the Brilliant Career of the
Young and Popular Theatrical Manager
HEAVY HAND OF DEATH
FALLS UPON MARK THALL
16
ONE MONTI'S MEDICINE AND TREATMENT FREE!
EVERY PATIENT BEGINNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT WITH DRS. SHORES & SHORES
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS. DURING THE REMAINING DAYS OF OCTORFR
WILL. BE GIVEN ONE MONTH'S TREATMENT AND MEDICINES ABSOLUTELY FREE. Not one
cent to pay for examination, consultation, treatment or me'dicines. This offer is given by Drs. Shores to overcome
"SKEPTICISM" and to prove to the public of San Francisco and vicinity that there is a PERM^NFKT riTPc 1
for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are curable). i-UKt
THIS OFFER IS NOT GIVEN AS A TEST OR TRIAL TREATMENT
Drs. Shores & Shores' wonderful treatment for DEAFNESS. CATARRH and all forms of NERVOUS and
CHRONIC DISEASES is- too well known all overN the West to need any introduction. When Drs Shores
first opened their offices in San Francisco they gave every patient a course of treatment, absolutely free "AS \ TEST"
of their skill and methods, and hundreds tested the new treatment free. Now Drs. Shores & Shores eive
month's treatment and medicines free to prove their skill in curing "PERMANENTLY"
Drs. Shores' prices and terms have always- been within easy reach of all— $5 per month for all catarrhal rhrnnic rH«
eases, medicines free. These low rates *re still maintained, only Drs. Shores NOW GIVE OXE MON'TH'S tVp I^rVlv^
AND MEDICINES FREE TO ALL BEGINNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT AT ONCE JMJ * NrHS TREATMENT
If you live away from the city and cannot call at Drs. Shores' offices write for FREE SYMPTOM BLA\'K<! =.t,* \u2666 v
advantage of this generous offer. *"^? \u25a0 D -i* Ai> ' \u25a0«*\u25a0=> and take
START IN AT ONCE. Do not wait until the closing days of the month to apply and be LOST TV top T?T'<aTi •
begin your treatment AT ONCE. - j-^ox i.\ j.«t, RLSH, but
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FREE all this week for any disease. Come and bring: your friends
MASTSk ALBERT W^MEISTER. 246 Florida X\>\^^^«) 3
iltP^^3f£^€SW^ MRS " J " E ' "^^."ar ase " rept - san
MOTHER SAYS .., have , ived ln canfomja twenty-seven Francisco. Cal.
m, « y < . SO u . 3 beel ? a S™ 1 sufferer from yeara and a great many people know me. I ,. -
chronic catarrh stomach and kidney trouble, have been a victim of chronic catarrh for thirty AST H /VIA
He has been sick ten years. He is.now twelve yearn; my head would pain me greatly. It also 1IIIIrt »
years ola, and I have doctored and used patent affected my eyes and hearing, and when I * T t» tt-,t-^. *.
medicines nearly all the time, but they never caught cold I would be quite deaf. My stomach MIt WA LCtf>M SATS:
°'* f'"' Permanent good. This was his was also affected: it would burn and 1 would " l have lived in this city all my life I ] lv .'
t^-rt^ 1 I br c°a U n^ a y h l5r 8 . tO Sh^ 3 .?re O a?! fXYtfiL^ in S?gS ?T/
ment helped him at once; the second day he nervous. . y y » ,,.!Tf TI from asthma f °r the past eight yeara.
began to improve, and now. after two months. "This was my condition when I applied to Li\? D CHOKE up A T NIGHT AND SUF-
the change in his condition is wonderfuL His Drs. Shores a little over three months a so I FEK TERRIBLY: I would have to sit ud in
w^ u W 1T« al . ways stopped up. is now have doctored for my trouble a great deal, but bed to BREATHE. I HAVE ALWAYS H*T>
s s sarAjra: ssr«i#'uSssrwsft. I 6S s gfeSB.isBlsffl^w«
has ceased; his heart, liver and are start. My headache left me after the flr"t V , ,J I * HAWK and SPIT a great
much better.- He can now hear from his dis- week, and I now feel better in every way in • 1 have had o Perations on my nose and
•*££* », ear> "". £ Was e f f - . » fact - l feel almost well. My stomach does not doctored a great deal to try to K et relief T
. Ik han . ge » . condition since I began bother me any more and I digest, my food have also taken lots of PATENT
H J.?» LI , FE - ' , - "• \u25a0"\u25a0- tor they have done wonders for me. c< " <irro ' th .^ " ever dld me an y Permanent good.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists.
~ \u25a0* "' bhores to all sufferers from A«jxtrvr I ,1!!;
r a m t23 c « n n tIy HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. s a n TA fo R r R^ ror thelr treat ™' E^'tK
Office Hours--Week Days, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings. 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 a m^to^nSn.' (SiSIU5d> »eo9 Dolo'rtl'ISfeT *"" WALCO3 *.,
j| Nearly 18*000 Yards of High-Grade- Silks Under Price! %
g From the World-Famous C* J, Bonnet & Co.'s, Ant-no Cuinst & Co. and America's Leading Silk Mills'^
SI """"~"™""^T"""""""™™T < T" < ™-—" Just at the beginning of the season,- when- fashion' is demanding 1 -the y ' . \u25a0.•'.- a • -
£: > DOnnei return to popularity of the sumptuous fabrics,, we present ONE OP THE > fhlinpt 3
Rlnrtr Silk-C LAIMJEST ANT>, MOST DECISIVE ITXBEIIPRICED OFFERINGS OF VJUIIICl
jj^. UlclCIV .- mraj S3XXS ever known to retailing; THIS SAXE is the. t outcome of Z DrCSS Taffeta
fc »»K &°S£5!\S85 S™ 8 buying and calculating; Anticipating^- Gu , nei . — : >&*g fl
t»— made a tremendous purchase of th<*s« enormous demand for black Silks for this Season*' •\u2666 we -placed orders - fo£: position among fabrics- "Tne'mere name :^ i
Snr^mor^w. On epecial "^ more thaa DOITBT.E the usual quantities and which we secured so advan^ ThwrbSr^"^^*"^™^"'' 3
y T tegeously that we are now enabled to announce THE GREATEST MONEY *
SAVING BLACK SILK SALE evei' iraugurated in this city-. Here 'are sUks of' a SUPERB CHARACTEBr-full of crispness and lustre— that come =^
j^ from the best manufacturers of - France* Switzerland and America. Almost every kind of silk that is now in" popular use is included in this im-
~z mense offering, such as TAFFETA, FEAU BE SOIE, ARMURE, FAILLE FRANCAISE, GROS, GRAIN, SATIN DUCHESSEand PEAU DECYGNE',
which we. will offer, beginning to-morro\7> far below present manufacturers* costv A great opportunity for dressmakers and silk dealers to buy "
the best grades at a jpreat advantag-e-. Here .are the details: -,«-.- - .-.-\u25a0, . ,-. .-. . - » z£
g BONNET BLACK TAFFETAS.^ \u25a0 BONMET BLACK PEAU OE SOIL | \u25a0 BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, "M GUARANTEED BUCK TAFFETA,- 3
E SSSySS^asfp^M-'SlfS "^ Taffeta = $£&*$ 63 &c f0^d SL^ : fully -0§^ " for "* 3
<£Z 57-4B. Bonnet Taffeta.? Chir "- 'ef-SS BonnH Peau de Sole. * Our Taffeta; regular value ?1 00 for •. S3 £xh cuLrZ ' ' a ' ' v' '„' '* ? y " =3
ZI «old elsewhere «t ?1 75? price.T«r4'-.5> *— - eoto e^yrvhere at $1 90 JpricevTard 5> 1— - \u25a0,.......».........»*................. -3c ! yard Z Va,ue *f^ ? f d Taffeta: r^ ular \u25a0' =5
,* .. \u25a0 27-lnch Taffeta; regular value $1:15. for . value fl u, for 92c yard
HZ .. " .» V :' V V**^"'«. ," ; - ; .S3c yard EiSH-inch euarainteed Taffeta; regular
¥Z BLACK PEAU DE SOlFv BLACK CROS CRAIN. 36 ; ! TalTet f : T value n 05c yard' B H *' tor ?l '° 5 yanl =S
•t: m-iaCh Pea.-n «€ Soi<; rtg^ilar raln« 85c, ' K&fc^ Gros Grain Bilk: reralar value "ni **„ DCAi'i"nE '"r»'v'^urr ,". ,?. h . 1 E "F s » nteed Taffeta; regular ~~*
SS= for ..*.....*.....**.. v.......w.....6Se yarA ll O, tor-.:-..*....:-... >.>.SSc ysaA BLACK PEAU DE CYCSE. \alue $1 7q, for ljt.-15 yard
Jt= 20-lncli Beau d« Sole; regular valoe Bftw* Gtob Grain Silk: regular value , B « C m aU r de C 5' gne v reBu!ar ™' u e , «,,„„-•_ „. . 12
r: » °°: srfesrsr? v- 7S ? n^ **-\u25a0-— »»»v*w^ B f^ s^ artl \u25a0 gui^t buck dr ss taff ta.
1^ n^JSK-sATiN- D uc^^ yard Ssfesig -%fc : 3
E *^^i£:™£i^{0%*i m^.,^^.l.!^l^L%^Uri B f^'*!S^L^^^y^.^iIri B^?^r!^' :;^ ula;: ' p;i;^J 0^ r I
i| CONTINUATION OF OUR GREAT HOUSE FURNISHING SAl E " g
~ Bt0 <* i^f^/^St? 0^ sg b * tore h - a 3
g SHEETINGS AT A GREAT SAYJ8& BIG BEDUGTION IN SHEETS AND GREAT VALUES IN BLANKETS AND* COMFORTERS, i
m»— 60 prs bleached Pillow Caslnr, a gw>d qosDtv « . nil , nttl ntnwn \u25a0 "00 nairs 1(1 i -n:iiif= n»itr .,-...
inche, wide; re^ar va^e^c 7**^^ \()c " PILLOW. CASES, I^S^S^^ nW'Su^V^.K 3
g m^^z^^^-iV^^^ti^\^
n «K ™ *?* eet^ Bi . Z€ S re?U l ar Va ' Ue 55c ' at -""* ! >«. ««ch «7 JO For tnt^ , sale , «t . * Pair §4 —
£—: ready hemmed: good quality ; worth Jl 2S, Spe-QCT^ 60 do2i. Sheets, size 81x90, regular value 65c, at. .57^« each h .f cotton 5nv»^ large size, filled with snowflake.^.
ZZ clalat ..7......... ..:..-....,.-.,..,. Each OOC 300 do*. Pillow Cases with a 3-inch hem, size 43x36: . . r« liar vilSe'ji TO To. T » pretty sHkollne; « 1.1*^X2
b^ S5 dozen KngliPh Marseilles spreads, extra heavy; in regular value 12»ic each. Sale price ., Oe each 30 dcz PomfnrtPriP <-«ii a V"" «;; # V # -':-- E8ch *^ ' ~~ IS
•T* chrtce patterns; good value at $2 50. Special for Cfl.&.« 500 doz. Pillow Cares, size 50xS6; rejr. value 15c, at.. 12c ea. cotton and ro^rort wi'ti, II slz^, nl ' ea w, ltn P 11 ™ white -
fcr ,:.-..,,,,,,:.;...,,..,•..,.. ,«.>,,.,^.,-.w.:w: Eac* <!>fi— 300 d<w. PUlowOsses, «ze 54x35, reg, value ISc, at,.14e ea. wo r th |2 SS. Social at . . cholces t sUk °E a 1 c e h : - Sl'H
E TABLE LINEN IRISH AND EXTRA SPECIAL TOWEL VALUES 3
£ " BARGAINS. GERMAN NAPKINS *^M?MlM H M "' --KUS&JS^ I
g— 100 pieces 60-inch Bleached Table "Daraxek. X0» K5ozen 20-lnch Napkins, pure linen, 300 dozen Hemmed- Linen Huok Towels,- Sale P rlc « Each l-iaC — <m
&S«^ 55S™^SS 44c ' Bi £^Sffii? dSS 61^ ™%^&g£Z?}*S& I0c ; Wi&rSs* *<$M™ ««*«t :
5= tS piec^ 70-inch Bleached Table Dj^ ». dozen' All-Linen Napkins, fully J, l& &^t££'£^^ 0 % l &% ™° 5C
hea\->- quality, neat designs; A O<-» inches «iuare; worth $2 2s. • Sale <Cl-~-» value at r» so <1oj- «al<» nrio<T r^^ Sh £ ' »nn „•„ , i -''
.-- worth 65c. Sale price Yard 4»C prtce .,.......:.......... Dozen '^VoL? Mt^^S^S^^ isXc^^.alf r^T7 % lTX?
"— m piece? T2-inch German Linen, «tr* 2C8 dozen All-Linen Napkins. Irish mami' " ni % "• no^? r *f slnK: w ; ht }?> b J u , e and re d for Yard lUC=2
J£= 1«avy. rott finish, plain center: ? PZr factare, Z4 lncheg square; regular <JJQ-»«* borders; Mx3S; worth $3,. Sale «Q.5U "CO nlecen «ni r, , o , IT
E ««*\u25a0 * Yard 75C p^ S * Sale price .....Dozen $2- ' e g s^^ I5 C
*—- 50 pieces' 6S- inch extra heavy Bleached 150 dozen "extra heavy All-Linen Napkins, handsome damask figures through center; 100 nieces Ola «i Tnw.ii,™ '««-.«. ... . -^
£"|S?Si fgjSL SSSi 98c SSZ^si^S^& *2- 9^ SSLJSi^i^p 25c . Lf^!!l|#™Si|f &c S
B SEPARATE SKIRTS. A Phenomena! m Great Handkerchief Sale
| THE BIGGEST SHOWING, S^ aln .ft w r^e S2k ; Each 1
To-morrow's showing flf separate slttrts vlll demonstrate : . -s.. ' f'A'(iv®\ r ' * : " ' '- ; " ""*•
«^- our supremacy not only in the exclusive styles, but also . rty 4 per /"VjTK a [tf\ \w V Here is th<» ereateet bareain > * v ~^m
as to their moderation in pric*. The newest idea*. la Silk, . Ifo R V^ \ J8 » * surprise in Handkerchiefs vou " •' "~*
S^T VPiveu Not and CJmh will be found, here to-morrow. They Viy H O* » V? XJ* Suit i /' ' have evf-r known These %Tnn?l- /- • " r^
*— have just been received from the leading Stw Tcrft manil- - is l ' ' lY^W- kerchiefs, about" €00 dozen in X' N V-''"W>v : r=^
\u25a05: facturer.. Tor Monday • . . . .. The rapid, growth of ' our Suit De- . • •» • all. were closed out to ua f-om ' X V
*•— - - - •\u25a0 partment encourages us • to make I A an importer at ouc own nrloe- y^ -W) -^ »"\ \u25a0 \
S= «/f\rV UIPU r»I iCC r^niTCC these extraordinary offers. They ... . » . We want, every woman in thli "S^O^I? \u25a0V'^Si /? =2
100 HIGH-CLASS DRESS . . 1 . ;,f ,..; £i: r s e f n e v? 3
\u25a0ZT~ ... ' • "\u25a0- of chalk Jtee materials, \u25a0 in pray, M \ ' know of a- b-tter adwrtu« " '^ **v r2S '
E SKIRTS M0 :? ay $8.50 Each. ; Ss^Hf| ; JL V; t .:m ||
?T" with Taffeta folds and velvet, full flaiias fi«jacr; ca- ideal: : . \u25a0.Monday .. >- . • : j •*_ . . «S V ««^ V..'*-- « Wi - *-. *"> '\u25a0 . iV «>-, ' ifri •*»
skirt, worth 112, f« «S 50 eacJj., \u25a0..,"-,. . ,:V,,>.. $15.00 EACH V 82'jCEaCh- ' :> ' :
I SSSSSg ' S, «S|(2: l*«£?«@!?S^ WINS MONDAY. 1
m-z our value*. We will offer to-morrow a A rraad ODDortunity for procuring, rich Sf.00 BLACK CHEVIOT Fu , l !, y E2 ln f heS \u25a0 -VENETIAN '
rew lino of exquisite waistinps. the exact Novelty Waists at far below regular ZLZT V WViJl ' unullul w id e. e x t r a _____\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 tr f «-"i-llnlli; . -^
n— copies of the 75c grade, in handsome lace rrir*s- Thepe are made of the flnfft o9C YAKUi heavy Black REGULAR VALUE QQ ft yj Striking !2
•-- striped efferts. in all the leading color- SATIN PEAU DE SOIE, are exact copies . *; , ' . .'Cheviot, aponge-l $1.2«, fOR O0C IQi economy
Jr= icr<=: a cloth worth 50c- Here QfT^ of . French- models brought out for this , and shrunk, of English manufacture; a , . . ,. . Ol , a - 1 f abiio ~*"
«»— Mcnday _.Yard XOl< fall: in all the leading colors; are beau- new lot Just in.. Monday......... fiQf> ">at vitally . interests tailor suit wearers =2
*T \u25a0 tifully tucked in front and back and hand- ....;...;......... lard UC/W Fully 52 inches wide, in every new. shad»'
| A £PECIAL '"JESS 50c Each SSS'AiSSrtsa ir^ $ p g|S MONDAY'S "BARGAINS IN -X'.^.^.^ -!:?.S 98c % \
E Mm XsF^riB mmmr'^mtmK VELVET RIBB0^"- Wf' mm WAISTS - 3
-t: Made of the very DID UrrCnjHa — YlUmtR 0 RtbR tlUrrO SCO pieces on special sale to-morrow; the ,^on certainly never had an opportunity """"• '
ZZ J&mr- best b!ack tuck£d We I*™ J«'t closed out from tlw mak.r Vory brEt f J uaJit >-- a " silk - Katln back -. '^higjrom a richer collection of real =S ,
"tin and velvet. 35 doz. Indies' Black Neck rStT* at™ bf- No. 2 S 1-Sc yd." .. 75c bolt fo^morrnw %£? tha . n V i 1 " - be t sl ""™ here --
beautlfuUy F.har*.l reduction. Made of lustrous Lib»rtvPilk r) - 3 lOc yd! O'c bolt mo^7?n .v.in , ° 'T 1 ? f the lnl '' ort&1
5^ In the new to ef- with medium, and Ions endsTv?ry furi N°- « ....v.v - lie yd. -?l.or,bolt • g? ?«» ? 1 "» "v ! ''m in A a num-
•^ >®^ feet, with pretty around the neck-tbe prettiest and 7 mofat No, 5 13c yd. Kl. 25 bolt . O ( the Zt fch^ M^ 10 ° wal " t!l 2
JZr *ilt and oxidized popular neckwear for outdoor wear thia No. 7 \u25a0 ISc yd., Kl.75 bolt la i" b and^mA,Hf "'i 1 ' wlth
g «.^^..° n ..!! ) !^.^..!?. O S 50C « !^Mo'ndi y !!..^r: h ..f. 2 . 50 E a^ SI-- rr^" - Width3 . St - .^P° rtI ° nate 'y low J.&'^ali?. On S|oS
J^ ~ ~~ : 1 ? COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. £•— — *" * at " \u25a0'"•"\u25a0'• Ea ° h • ~~- 3
£ NEW LACE AND SPANGLED jg$8^ J$L*& zjsm A PETTICOAT SALE Ad PA i
ROBES, b ALIUOVraSAND gA^^Iim - m^B§mg§WiMnI^^ MONDAY- ....... SIbOO^
•= demesne creation, in these handsome BjBmmMM^^M/sWW^^ W- : J Grand looking^etdwaSfmade of the 3
Robe? and Lace Trimmings are shown T*$&J$lg/WE0 W$0^& F W" & yj J bgst mercerize( f f tan c io th a ° v ? U h " C
here m the most vaned and beautiful b^*^ . <^gg^ cordion plaited flounce and ruff! tii
•-- rival? bv far in beautv and exclusive- h^J^^I^L *upyii* Vr^y^^SSif^kw^^ Mark- An i'mm«n -'« a i co , OlS . anc * =3
**~~ " \u25a0 - - *_ /r i Ti i n i Vr'T'm iri \u25a0 r if" 1 1 rr r"^ Ttii '^^ oiacs. /vn immense .Monday barcain at —
J^ ne?s any ot our previous best eilorts. - . S3 W£ c J*»AfflS^*^^ $i-SO each '^ ul " \u25a0"
ADVKBTISEMElTTSiCATARRH CAN BE CURED.
Catharrh ie a kindred ailment of consumption,
long considered incurable; and yet there is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh in any
of its stages. For many years this remedy was
used ey the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noled
authority on all diseases of the throat and
lungs. Having tested its wonderful curative
powers in thousands of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering, I will send free of
charge to all sufferers from Catarrh. Asthma,
Consumption and nervous diseases, this recipe
in German. Frenoh or Kngiitih. with full direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mail
Jbf addressing, with stamp, naming thie paper,
W. a. Nuyes,' SJ7 Towers block. Rochester,
K. T» . . *
Liberians Gain a Concession.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The Liberian of
ikials who arrived in England early In
August with the object of obtaining from
<:re£t Eritain the right to navigate the
Manna River nave been successful, de
spite the fact that Great Britain was un
willing at first to grant the request of the
rt-public.
For ?1<Je rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
end holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For t;me tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
til Market et.. and ferry depot.
Special Sates
LOXDOX, Oct. 12.— Bishop Hartzell,
missionary Bishop of the Methodist Epis
copal church in Africa, left England this
week for East Africa. He will organize a
new American Methodist Conference at
T'mthalli, Rhodesia. November 8, and will
thence make an extended tour through
bis diocese. The Bishop has recovered
from the malarial fever with which he
was laid up for months in England.
New American Methodist Conference.
The Southern Pacific sells tickets at low
rates to holders of Episcopalian excursion
tickets and to their friends. The**-great
attractions of Coast Line and Southern
California can be seen by purchasing one
Southern Pacific ticket. Inquire 613 Mar
ket street.
The Episcopalians Axe Making Side
Trips.
Scientists Honor Professor Virchow.
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— Prominent men of
science from all parts of the world as
sembled here to-day to join in the cele
bration of the eightieth birthday of Pro
fessor Virchow. The newspapers to-day
devote columns to eulogy of the profes
sor, reviews of his life, instances of his
remarkable vitality and incessant work,
referring to the fact that he only allows
himself four or five hours* sleep daily.
Former Governor's Daughter "Weds.
DENVER, Cot. 12.— Colonel John S. Ir
by, a wfcll-knowr newspaper man, former
ly of Richmond, Va., and Mrs. Harriet
Ryland O'Keefe were married In this city
to-day. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. Father O'Ryan at St. Leo's rec
tory, *».ly a f3\v friends of the contract
ing' parties beinsr present. The bride is a
daughter of JDwight Ryland, a former
Governor of California, and a grand
daughter of General Bancroft, a Califor
nia pioneer.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Krancfeco December IS, Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $S0. Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
€13 Market street, San Franc'sco; 261 South
Spring street. Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
SAGINATV, Mich., Oct. 12.— Early to
day burglars, who had previously blown
open the safe in the office of the United
States Graphite Company here and se
cured S3J in cash and $&*> In checks, ter
rorized the inhabitants of the village of
Foster, near here.
They captured Night Watchman Jones
and bound and gagged him. Then they
took him to Harden's hardware store,
where they blew open the safe. Unable
to open the strong box, they made the
watchman conduct them to Harden's
home, expecting to compel Harden to go
to his store and open the cash drawer of
the safe. Harden was prepared for them
and opened fire. The burglars used the
captive watchman as a shield to Harden's
fire. Jones was shot in the hand, but
none of the burglars was hit. The shoot
ing- aroused the villagers and the burglars
fled.
Bullets.
Owner of a Store Opens Fire on Rob
bers, but They Escape
USE TEEIR CAPTIVE
TO SHIELD THEMSELVES
The sale of beer at the post exchanges, re
oentUr prohibited by act of Congress, will not,
I ftar. lead to the best interests of good dis
cipline in Porto Kico; the low price of native
drinks, their injurious effects ar.d the degrad
ing influence which surround here their sale
;ili tend to the undoing, rather than the up
lifting of the enlisted man; the number of
places where these drinks are sold is greater
than in the United States, thus affording more
opportunity for drunkenness ; again, the cost of
beer and other beveragvs outside of the post
< xchange is so great as to compel the soldier to
purchase the cheaper and more injurious na
tive drinks.
In an appended report Lieutenant Col
onel James B. Buchanan, commanding the
'lihtrict of Porto Rico, says as to the can
teen:
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1*.-General John
B. Brooke, commanding the Department
of the East, in his annual report for the
last fiscal year records the fact that since
his last previous report he has visited and
inspected. With a few exceptions, all the
posts in that department. He was much
gratified at the progress made at all the
artillery posts where modern armament
has been installed. The barracks at the
infantry and cavalry posts he found in
adequate in size and he recommends an
enlargement. He renews his former rec
ommendation in regard to the possibility,
in case of war, of an attack of sea coast
defenses from the land side or the rear,
and urges that the approaches from the
directions named receive • the attention
which their importance demands. .
In an appended report of the acting sig
nal officer of the department, Captain L>.
S. Lycn, it is recommended that experi
ments in wireless telegraphy be conducted
with a view to its use in such harbors as
Boston and New York.
The most important feature of the re
port is an appendix by LJeutenant Colonel
J. P. Storey, artillery corps, dealing with
ordnance and artillery. He says the most
important problem now pressing upon the
artillery is how to provide a sufficient
number of officers and men qualified t<;
operate the mining defenses of our har
bors. It is admitted that the present es
tablished strength of the coast artillery
will not furnish one relief for the modern
armament alreadv provided and that in
the event of war the deficiency must be
supplied by raw recruits or by volunteer
artillery.
If war were to occur with a superior
naval power an immediate dash, no doubt,
would be made upon one or more of our
most important posts. To oppose such an
attack we should have an instructed force
of sufficient strength io execute in less
than one week after the declaration of
war the approved project for the planting
of mines in all our harbors. To operate
the mines in the harbors of the United
States and its distant possessions will re
quire about 70 officers and about 2700 sol
oiers. At the time of the immediate
planting an addition of 5000 men as labor
ers and boat crews will be temporarily
needed.
Larger and Well - Trained
Force Necessary for
the Service.
Officers Call Attention
to the Harbor De
fenses.
ARTILLERYMEN
GREATLY NEEDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, ;1?O1.
17
£ Handsome Fall We endeavor to leave nothing undone to satisfy our patrons—immense Books *
5 DreSS Goods* assortments of latest style goods— priced ' reasonanlym :w v Snsolal Mondav Onlv *
I 45inch Granite trepe Sui«n 5 -au wco, Ii purchases are not satisfactory when tHoroughfy investigated at home, *&£,*£* I
f 5 ;; 8^" return them ana your money wiBI be re f untie tl. si.05 3
J > ard ' ® ® ' \u25a0 -j — — .- : " \u25a0 •\u25a0-•\u25a0'\u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : : ttt]mttof Navarre— By B:rtha Rnnkle, pub- $
»° 48-ir.ch Poplin— All wool, v«y popu'ar this > . - . . . m . _ . . ., .... . ,. - - • ?_ Ushed at 1 1.50, Monday only.. . n0% X
%i season for street wear: in all the new and _ Pffi^r*H^ B93 HBP irtsf E& HP^. 'flBJtttfc. EG BBj . B rfU *J -_ _....._ ___ ., SSC <5
j: sup-e co^s. Q Lawn Hantfker- . WMh" ff^^HBil^Hfl I ILi Corduroy Bindings j^;^^^";-:^ Baxtcr> : ?
I 46:«;chs a ii;;prun:jia'-The S'^on. || igH^ p^hj * y *^BB llHi , . IOc - 75 ::.^!^. 01 ": soc : i
abe and desirable fabric for fall w.arj in 2OD doz;n S':eer L : nen Lawn Handkerchief, ; <SfcB\itfi ' ' - 500 p'eces of 4-yard lengths, good qua'.ity B ack Life 0/ Quetn Victoria—Full Mcrocco bind- "*
£ fifteen d fluent .hades. Yard f^^ - Wth la e "n erton Mil trmm.-d in Vaien W W~ f^a-B^ <£&£& «^^ iSBkB* " H '' Corduror Drew' Bindings, regularly 20c , ; b!ifhed at |,.. o U1 .J
JC •••- cieijnes lace eVge; exqnWte styles o _ <agCPMgM<gn BC>liHg .mMS^W, sl% 8mH%i , : a piece. Special Monday only, -|j e .Monday only 7<£»O ?
J 56 inch Cravanc tte Skirting-H:avy weght, for this week's selling. Each. ... £O C CALIFORNIA'S l-ARQeST"AMERICA > 5 GRANDEST STORE iice - .....-•••••••:? '\u25a0 B "t . '" 'X
Jtf lcr short skir.s, ec., and absolutely watrr- _, _^ v ; . , \u25a0'• \u25a0 \u25a0 ' — - \-' X
J, proof", in 8 hindsom; mix ures, ire uding . -' \u25a0 ' - ";'-.- OsfFMCfo '%
$ °?%?X::: K ":$1.75 Flannels. •• • I Linens. *^eS^ Fea<her ' %
j »f Oar Fann;l btock is replete with th: choxest se'ectkns 'rom the f.r^ign an i domestic Just unpacked a large shipment of Hemstitched Cotr.s, Napkins^ Squares, Tray Cloths, etc. (S^SESiSSS^ UOflSm X
\u25a0K "W/e% 4F4F** £** makers. Sryies and qua'ities to fatbf/ all needs. It is advisible to make selections for fa'l and (made to our own ord:r in Europe). Many da : nty va'ues among them. " "^sOp^^^&i Lar ? s express ship- \
* § €it¥&Bei %9iMKm Wm^r us, whi e stocks are new an i comple.e. "\- ./ '- , D am ,, k _6 4 inches wide, yard ...................... *PC' ' Mi^M Kd^ fcS^ 2»
j *° H& <3rGa (go, «- » «• »"" VT \MjI Bleached Da-nask — Fine weave, large ran^e of styles, yard.. J.. — /«3C nc^ an:1 Ius£rous ; "5
I I About 3500 yaris of z 7 -inch Taffeta Silk, a SpGGEStl FiannGlGUeS* FineJatV Finish B!e aC h;d Dama,k-68 inches wide, good fcr wear .ni ***~q£ q £"££ ]j
! j» good qua ity lor lbings, shirt waists and un- 4500 yaids cf th= long-wf.-r:nj: good 10c Fi'ann3'ett(S f-r pajims, un;'erwear, shirts, "P/-^ ' .-\u25a0""*' " " "' '"". "!/'//." Y \" " Magpie, Jackdaw «*
ijf derskir s; a good line of co'.oring*, including etc., n dainty plads and rtr:p:s. Special Monday m"y, ptr yarl. g 2** TuKihh Towels— Heavy weave, perfect selvedges, goad to absorb, half b.eached — " £^\ and natural colors,, jg
1* 850 yards of black. The shadss are rjdf, _. _ , ' „ . . , ' . .,.*.. , ." '•:'•..\u25a0 . " • -' - \u25a0. ' tt%0% /SSa^j^ af «f9 ir/» «
Ii tan, cieam, navy, roval, receda, white Fme French Flanrch-Stnctly wool, 27 inches wide, in da n^y p .11 co.cn, fine lordozen, sue 20x40 :nch:s, each ....'. #•#€? W^ £iB HO 5
S Purple, brown, light blue, lav.nder, etc. \u2666 twill, a 50: va ue; yard ...; J ... JOC •-. • ; . ' ..,.•...,.. -.\u25a0 KJ tgt \u25a0\u25a0J3$&8%' *17 Kt% S
l«f T.i£se silks are regu.arly sod for fi.oo and Imported French Flamels -- Hghest colorngs, hundreds of F att-rns; yard *»ES ' "° "' •' " *' - "' * " *'* ............... »^ a«» «^^[ $20.00t0 \
g 51.10 per yard. Oa special sale A Q^ ; 75C \ ~ j ~ .'^' -' ' . i'JJ.OO X
X Monday ony %£%&%* Wripper Flannel;— Twilled printrd fabrics, light, meiium and dark colornjs; a n.w \ * n BiGSBOJlGCf SftGGfifflM &£!ifG (&&? . Each. %
* 4T& &0O3b C£ «t? Eid.'rdown F'ar.ne's— Best quility, 36 inchei w;dr, all colon; yarj. ..... . . ' Two lots of good round thread Shettnj at less than mill ccst. Special to-morrow only. ,_. X
$ wress ...:... ...::45e ggjgf^^ggiS^?^^^ Hair Dressing and $
S Trimmings, vt 6Oc :....,....;......-.:..:;:., ISc Manicure Parlors. |
\tS hew Satm Smchings- 3 wiiths, perysrl ' .. ..... . . .^. • - -. . • - • Main- Floor, adjoining Crockery Dt- £
I Children's OO^CIlI lllcxl^ 3
j* Coth Venetian V.stings — W ite stiUhed, • .- . , • : . . ' ,., . Also consult our Facial Specialist on all face «
jjf yard ....69c,75c»ni85o \y e have purchased from Schafran Brothers, New York Gity, the well-known manufacturers of high- worfc - - J
iS grade- Bjys' and Chidren's Clothing, their, entire sample lines of Fall and Winter Clothing at 55c on-Uic dollar. ft 3KS* r S°f«j£il£ I
\k 5 "^' Ever y ?u5t in tnis sale b . ears our guar ntee. If there is any dissatisfaction return the sut and get your money \u25a0^'J^^sSFiAw^MS^t *
j^ Bnar sutching m wack, wh.te, cream, b ack bick. This is an opportunity mothers should hasten to avail themselves of. . . . 25o. Gents- Manicuring. 500. 5
I J B with white, white with Wack; yard ... tOG >*"^_ /TV r""*N -11 . .' . Tkt largest assirlmtnt of Hair Switchts, • jj
I Sk' Appliqu: Trimmings, ChirTon and Tatreta— f^X ¥"$ T"^A f?V • jffa^\ j£^U W^fc) Wigs, Hangs, Front IVaViS, Tuffs, Girls, X
: |! B ack and cream, )zri.. 250™ $2.O3 \* Q KV ??? |1/ *I^W ' f^? etc., ailBiys on hand. 3«
j ft" 45-inch CniiFon with black and whi e dots, per y Jr' - i~*Jr " ' V*-J ' '- ' ' ' '\u25a0 Vvjy • \u25a0 '• ~ ~~ — """" "~"~^~~~ ~~ «*
|v 5 " 25andg - 159 j#\ /ym\ iffih "wlk /r^\ /mH Tha «^~^ 1
ii Latest Veiling. /jR^M (4 ' j lr^ ' pt^ir^l ti ' ' (r) ffw^\\ / I \ MilW November 5
J Novelty Chiffon Veiling in ail colon, win UsJLiW V x/4 I 1 /J l\ A Ufe fl 1 Mt IsNOW Ready. |
i jf comj nation emVroidered or ch. nil e spot lor aLU-PY 5L^i IV • VnL o r L. /k T /T l\\ \ \J II i\ I Uir " rwJ ~«. . • , - - -^
| ft? the Utest craze hat drapes now so __ JVaTt IN i I T L« tT / vSj Li 3l^ wA ' i\ ' CT LD This number is more interesting and attractive jf
I V stvlsh Yard 3 Q** \ V[ I A 1 .*•>»\u25a0 1 P i Vnr ' • \u25a0 " r* / fi^' \Yi than thos: that have preceded it. Its Litho- \u25a0 X
i*l ' " I A 1 II iTrr A \ ' I ' w* . '/\u25a0• \l-J\\ graphic P.ates in co'.ors show the latest modes 5
i *° \u25a0 I /\ • VJ V : " l\ !\ \ /'' il1.L '. r // / \ I in Long Coib, Walking Gowns, Visiting j*
I *>* LadieS W and Gtiil~ I \\ I -JVL Ml T 4 * rn ~ ' " " "^iS'T^ I* -Gowns»ndaho styles having a Blouse Shirt X
! • _ \u25a0 !\u25a0«\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 I \ I I I i I I I ' II m^*^ \ "Waist effect. Ic tan be obtained at the X^
:|Jf O r en'S mUSlin / J VJ /\ \ — II HI / \| J - Butterlck Pattern Department, Main Floor, jj
;|5 , \u25a0/!/*\u25a0 *»»• #7 it( 5J lk=- — -I n I /' \u25a0 v i 1 J£Xr^ - yl r • under the Ladies' Parlor. Price of single jf
j» Everything \J oS^~\jr " /^ \u25a0 . ._./v , _ _.V1- Subscription price Ji.oo per year.
*k for baby, child Boy>" $4-00 Sailor Boy's $5-00 3-piece Boys' $3.00 Twc Boyi' $7-50 Long-Pants Boys' $4-00 Russian Boys' $7.50 Fall Boys' $4.00 Norfolk Abo a fu'd and complete stock of all the \u25a0 «*
i j£ W^ or lady, and all Suits $2.19 — A l^ge Suits $2.0,8— Ag« 9 to Fi cs Tuits $189— Mae Suits f435 — To buy Overcoats $2.39 Made Overcoats $4-35— Made '. Suits $2.23— The new Paper Patterns illustrated in the Butterick pub-
K *w* at the big store's variety of 'st. les and col* ic yeas; all n:w la 1 pat- °. f . ltr ° ng . w ?° en . m f c * ° nc . th r s= JS cq " V f f of aU-wool materiils in of strictly aU-wool coverts creation for 'boyi, this Hcations . a ways on . hand. A Fashion Sheet S
• * ©V^!tt^5 nric. , ' v • c 1. 1 • • na$ of.peasaig.coor.r.gi- toitving $3005 made of , V , . , 7 fi wUl be furnisheJ free B P on appKcation. ! §
*•' /&&W&&L pncei. , ors t0 st i. ct ti-o.Y,^ aso terns, Scotch cbev ot mix- in all the new effects in all - wcol cas.imeres and brown, gr«n and Oxford and Oxford gray . and 8 -ason *, made from fine . . .: , ', IS \u25a0 Jf
'ft" / l*ft*l&F^yffl?^\^ Infant's com- p-^ b'ues, .hands imly ture?, in str'pe an I check fancy casimcies and cheviots in blue and fancy gray, some trimm-d with brown cheviots, cut extra w ool e n materials,', in ... 5
• »° \\ 4?mTS^7§I7 plete oatf.ts as tr - mme d, made inslzej eff.-cts; the c suits sre tweeds, djub'e - bnaited m'xtures, nicely trimmed 5m f t:lt - on Persian :>mb, f or long, slash 1 pockets, for stripe, plaWs and checks <5?«S fa* *
%' I '. / v>'«, .vrTQfe^nCXT low as . nad; m-n r;s!)ion, with coat style an 1 knre pant.-, and perfect fitt.ng, sizes 2 boys 8 to 19 years for fa ! l wear, sizes 5 to %2> AJf & Hf M £9 M 10tfX#C? X
'K $7.50 3 l ° 9 - } " rS ' rCJUaf donble-breanelveitsjreg- \u25a0 ages 8 to 15 years, te u- • to 19 years of age, regu- b0 * 8 4/i. to.7ye ; rs ct of a^ a reguItr g . y?in oa^r^^ * *'._ •' " .5
. £ f^<^^^^S^ Infant's S-ock- «4-CO va'ue; epecial rale u lar I5.00 vaue; spec al !ar $3.00 value; sa'e lar $7.50 va'ue; spe. ial sa!e agf, regular $4.00 value; value; special sa'e price |4- OO value; sa'.e. price WGilfGK HStotSm \ "5
*\u25a0 \H$;.^r :¥ JF^\ «:n«* ...... «p^Tii a 5S 7 price. *pKm€f%P : $& M fhm&+9 pr i C c 9*iBa»7 . . vp*rm&& ....&£km£& ir you want a v e i- jr
\u25a0i A » Y^i^^^^^^ Infmt's Oil- Boys' $5.03 Two-Fkcz Suits $2.69— Double-breasted Suit?,. in fine all-woo' casslm?r s, Boys' $5.00 Sailor Slits $2.89— 5C0 very handsome Suits, made of ftrictly all-wool vet Hat we have the J"^^^^k " T
• cioth Bibs.. .. chevio-.s and tweeds; also a iarge vaiiety if piain colors; for boys 8 to 15 <^J^JJ| £B± Ct ser S es and che\iotf, in brown, gieen, red and b'ue; handsome'y trimmed 1^{%' newest shapes and a s/&^^^£^2J7J %
! • «» -*-->-j« g^ years of age, regular £5. 00 va"ui; tal^ piice ;-, .......... and tmbioideic J; a regu'ar J5.00 value; sale price ........ %f*mmm^J*J coup.'e dozen styles to r^^t^^^jfjJP '%
jljf lnftnt'i Wral Knit Lejgiu ..25c \u25a0 " chone from at ptfat 1^^^^^ "«
||||[^SSK1^13S^B Fall Carpet and Rug Sale. ' New Cloak Bargains. &^S?Ss£ T'-T *
jS Lades' extrawide Cambric Drawers.... 5 £/ C * • • . . • . • _ „ _ ;^ . „ , ™ .„ f aklng n °5 eve ° * / *
i{ Laiies- Mu S '.in Gowns, tu:kei joke, wide am An immense s:ock of Cirpets that exserie.iced . i — *r-i v^ \^. we en hr e t r hem M .? /bif S
t ?» long 75c \u25a0 ' • r$ fc @&k O«tC^> Cheviot and Broadcloth, a most perfectly tai- wc flivc rnem *' ><^^st «
;|jj Ladies- Tennis GownVextra wide a^d "ion g .... housekeepers want at birgain pr ice s ; qualit ie s and sty les >5^S «!¥ «^^t Iored Dress> trbnmed w!th ' ve " vet and stra ?'- 4S> 2 ' 95 ' 3 ' 4^
8 Ladwrh^-Vorr'T ' i 5c are as neariy perfect as possiie. Every price is a 5ur- ' '.. Sj/W' Tj??^ Oxfbrd Mvy> brown ' '"* Wack ' A fs-ls- 9S ? ' 5
«» t>aaics cnemisc, corded camlr.c ... 4-ilO t-« r ' • • ' t '\u25a0 /fei \u25a0 very neat bargain ' • \u25a0 • Jt
Ladies' Skirt Citmise, all :a«n, trimmed with prise. These few quotations indicate the momy- Mj\ \u25a0 . /*&!&» (Jl^X . . ..".'."..".*' $23.00 These Are the Particdar Bargains i $
1 J» , 1 f. ce .'^ 7Sc Gtsiwltweff n9*MGg**S nn Rlicrc anrl C^arnftS rinrincr this t/M'i'A / r^^i la^X \ "'".".'.""" *•*••* .. Turban Shape Bell Crown All- Velvet Hat "S
;J Ladies fine lace-tr-mmrdSkTt $ 2 .UU S^fiT P«CCS Oil KU O S ana Larpe.lS .QUnng tP.lS /^A //^1/ I \ / New Three-Quarter Coat, like picture, Jl-wool ready to trim with breast, plume or bird, and |
i * eS fiaeJace-timarel Skiit §3.53 falc— . • .: -. \u25a0 \u25a0 >riffiS^ • JfiM-/^l • Kemy, made with yoke and lined aT through four, other sjes to choose _ S
'J :MrU K*S^«rr-'?f^? Tapestry Frus-els- Large ,ni £mi ll <«esijn 3 in dinins-room, parlor an! chamber _ <5p-^^ J^sT- • 1 with heavyrich satin-tan, Oxford and b!.ck- ! from; worth | 4 .OO. Now... X
If *atot^^S2K^^SJJ Cff — P-y--n S ,. A servile c^et. Regularly 7 oc P ,r yard . Now. . S4C WWA \ U- ; a regular |z S va'«. A very :^ The ,***»******" **> |
MS andbcstofs-.y'.es. Taptst y Bruise's-Extra quality, San ord's and St-.nscn'i mike, ; in all the' -latest C9^ '• / Y\ ; great bargrn at. ..;. ;..... $17.45 "^ »<» P^ty of other X
'iff- 1 : Eh.d^anicoorings. Regularly $ I a yard. A sp'.endd bargain at the spicial pries OSG • / I fi I V\ ' ' ' ..... styles. . X our cnoic " M Jff S
|K '*» »- - >» - Roxbury T?pestry Ca-pets— But one qua'ity. Bright, cl.err.V and effective di signs. _" . /I / / -1 W- 7 S a rne Coat , with three- small . .^ . ........ •••••\u25a0••>••••••• VWa^P^ £
.|J» ReClintng GO-GartS R-gawyJiayar!. Now \u25a0 64-XS L'_ J J l^" V 8houWer "P es -- ••••\u25a0•...-. 5>I*r.^O Ths Bolero-Shaped Turban, like picture, with *
5|* Monday ana Tuesday mini c.' P u-^in C oJn,,,A«J i ,,,^,^^ . b ,,d=r .„,,,,<. W*^.,^ •'^^^flN3ii-^ :L u f.ti,r?Wh £?C"" The "' :t " : S^i~~.^. °^ "^ SS.9S |
\u25a0'K It »s one of the re* i r=;>T Vv "^ cr a 5°^- P" jar . cw. .... . \u25a0* T-- the price. A very great bargain-^O«nT 5 • ; "- {E
\u25a0ft sty'e Reclining Go- fc3~TZr& Geuinc 3-PIy Carpes- A carpet guar-n'eed t3 wear for years. Equal to a Bjdy —^ . ' _» . : */£* - '. - __ ' .. " . . . . ' •©-.--»*«,# O_#_ "•
Orts wth adit.be Bras;e , hr'urabu ty. Worth fl per yarJ. Now .......................... 66C Extr3 SpeCial—NIOndayOnly. ': SP^Clal S3lO J
- j V back, foot rest, rub cr • '^/if/ Linen Warp Maftlng - A lot ot Ma'ting censistin; of one ro'.l of a kind, in red, b!ue -1-^ $2.25 to $4-50 WpoI.VVaijts, $1.69— A great big lot of fin?, pla : n and embroidered French ' FtttB TfiitihS ' \
l» lir:, S'celwhtes, with f^JL-^JlJm mdgod. Wcrtii 35c per yari. Now ...\:. ...\ . JSVG . F.annel and Albatross Wa'sts. Some are" mus-red, some are slightly faded, but the great majority '\u25a0*\u25a0'»'*••****»«»» j»
anti-friction wh:e'. M^^Bm'' M -de Up Carpet Rutfs— Size g<6 feet, made up of r;irnm s of BoJy Bruss:'s, „*.- *-»_. are faut'.rs, and all are new fine Waists ani v.ry grea^bargainsvdlco'ors and __ Canras - cor - . 5
.jjf t-st^r; coj- e rd V , .^yK TapityiniVews. Wor.h >'io to $, a . To clos: $7.25 black. To-mrrrow ony, to c oe. . . . . .^. <-. ...;.•.....,\u25a0..-..•... $1.63 ered, wat^r-proof, 2^^^^^^^^ "5
fj» hus, whici/ P.^MJ^BfflDfN : : = ! *—^"^— — ! ~ • : • \u25a0 ' •\u25a0-\u25a0••- • \u25a0•- "- • \u25a0 painted. Trunk, f^^^^^^O' S
:i$ T£t-£ < ilW&®^ Blffp>sSaBBioiffSS Lzzdlms' ShoBS Hl d Gloves 85c. Notions. \u25a0 ?^\™« %
! %^ ojt am fo-.n; tre s^^JQfAv^" BvfS SylMftfSi? BB\LM'aS^9 tka'Sk+a B%jri3> WFmmwJPvjF<S9m . > and riveted on, ffNsS^if^' jLW X
-\K garmea-s; it ii fur- V^^-^^^ $ -^ tot* S3 V>***atF*f <ZS*te* 4SP *8?f «l ?A '' SpCCls! MOndaV Real Shel Side Comfcs— Pair..... 500 very brs: Excel- £3/ "5
.\u25a0jjf r.is eiwthcn;of o ur r<ew it /c a:ja»table . t-& .OTF KBgUSar. SfiSGf & i .J mS, &tmm9€f ~ _ . . "T - . Ha f Sleeve.— Fancy patterns, "water proof." nor^ lock, strong f^JL^ft^ « 5
I tf «t:ea piraros, wi.h ore a-:nch rjffle anl Pr'kCQ&t ft!? (I §1.57. ".'\u25a0 " n ty* . P»:r ..'.'.......... ;.... ......... ..25© corneV bumpers, ! L^ V^ 0^^ •£
• j If one 6-nch ruffle. a !«o B dforJ cord mat- „. ' ,. . " . . \u25a0 , _ .. - » ' . ' , . :i ' . . Ladies' Stock Foundations— Stf-a-justing, tiz\xjQQ extra lonr • itrap «S
J |» t.e SJ cushi n, complete wi h ,afnt foot cff.r Monday hand painted Pcrc: am .- ' /7\ ' /X • /\, . . ,-rTTT* . F.exible Initla's— All letters, 3 doaen. - Bo hinges, i strong leather straps, a travs, top tray 5
\f\ brake; regu ar price' 58.50. " -- ' ' " "" ifM iM (/ vY ' V Spoo-hod.r an! P n^^ushion-iich ' "sSZ whh large ,pa!tm«T for hX and 7^ & Z
J tt Spe:ial Monday and Ta^day $6.93 WIth . t0 P. ™F*£ J c T m JZ t nf A^f W \ F/A, - 7///A ' 7-TT* Kid Fri%'E «tfc J Sid, Ho 5 e Supporters-Pair" Hnen lined, ij 5 .
X \u25a0 g.nu.n; hand wor* and comprise sent mental &£n\x<Z W'/ J »w/Blli\ //iff vBSTTv f »».. , \u25a0 . ....... /* , -^.J •!.»!\u25a0* »# 31
: S «£^*#s?w^Bm( iltpMw^. /#r .\u25a0Sj:PfS'VN4 KSm^^Si^iwIP^SM^ ?4 m.'X'.^ r t '° i °'S8.os $
;i; sarprices. \xi\j,\j: Wi^MiMmmSk^M^^^^M &^®$$i$£s&*o s
MX' ,. ••: \u25a0$1*OO,$1.5J*nl$2.OO CUSh'iQn TOES* w^ h » vc -selected* = 9 odd lines of Ladies' - if^'r^^'..^ S PCGiaISm Your initials oVnl'tne[p'a'inted on trunk X
• j *•: EcurialLue^-Ba.k.Ferjar.l.. Lace anrt Button Sori aftd Oxford.T.es pric- <& l£8£8t*&B Uhnox Soap-Proctor & Gambled. Ju,t fits frts of chcitgt. . .. , .J
llS. 25C, 35C, 53C »rtd 75C " .,:,, ing them regardless of their rea vi u:.. There .. , . -*^ , . \u25a0 • i the hand. ' Spscial'Morida;,^^ f ff tf^rS, r. ' " — «
S '•••«•" v""'???' 5flO C S?;^afel?rSi vP' mtCd °" grtcn.o-thebst b. gains the. Big Store h,S . %*ig*r& f ot^ oc b^ te fCIa , t0 y , ho^e.230 [Vlen'S UnCfCrV/e^r. 2
X HLet Nets and Motives to mi-.ch. iM^I^I:-' • • t .*" li =ver ,ffired. The i 9 iaes have been divided' - *4B #>»M f AT** . Stryler's Sand LSoap-SiecIal Monday. 8 . - m™ » VMMUtSrWffgafm X
k » 45-inch Tosca Nets • /^WRiM^"^ " nine ci.f.r- ; n - 0 5 i ctS; as follow s: ' -.;<.-. » €^ MUlT M£M*jra bxrs 25O Soft finished Cotton, Fleece-Dnel Natural Gray, }f
'- $ 52o,75o*i 850 yard vJKrttife' all cS Lot 1-Ledies' Vici Kid Ox'ord Thi-Ctoth Rnr nf Sn Ci'mx; ' 7Sn °^ T " M [ S Ea S le ChocJ.te-1-lb «•«.. Ribbed, Form-fitdng Underw.ar- _ j
f } 45-^ch heav.Tosca Nets-Brilliant finish, yard' jJ^PkJ^ kiS a: ' d k;d to i s - oi » toes ' P atent lfath " »? s . * '" Special .Monday ....; ...2/O Efra gaod va!ue, at OUC J
J if 33c, $1.1 .', St. 25 and $1l5O «^<3 N prints and l«ther hee s, regu'ar 'price $1.50 «^ • ' ; ~— r— . iEd y's Ja'ad.Musta'd— Ths Jarge sue b>«>», Men's Hosiery — E«ra qjalhy fine Maco yarn, Jf
. K " i — . »'/-f' \u25a0"'"'^ ' cVoire and |2.oo pair, sa'e price:. ..... ««j» _» * # « - regu'ar.y 25-, Moniay on y, to t e. . .fffo tans only, heavy weight, never sold *
1 J - o . \u25a0. 1 \u25a0 spej/l Lot 2-Udlei 1 Vici K-d Lue. aY.d Eutton Monday Specials W Micaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti -The reg- l«>t^n ?5 c, social at lYO %
• IViO to-dav Shces — Pjtrnt leather tips, com tors, mili- #»«!#•«* FuvniSzhlnn** u ar 25c boxes. Sp.-cial Monday, box. f9 O "3
I In Jewelry Dept. . W®^$^^$&J^^ 1
$ - Gtn ~ ncEb3n St ,: y - ••••••••• 18C Lct3-L dhs- BcUQuallty Vici Kid Shoes- \u25a0 /^^^v >«•£«** .NBW99W tHII ViyteS. X
a /S^^S^v "" J,^ = g "r^Vnd Shenherj;;/ C oth or ,• kid to P 5, ac' or button, patent \ fr^ „ T^^' - 'of a good qua!- to-day m 5 gulon lot,, $1.50; . Oo _ §10*%***** EM-%4** 'I
• i ©"SS^ «:v«r shield Button £"!"/',, f an " " w ' leather or kid ti.s, hand-turned and Goidvear ' "« '.^ M^~^ 5 c v percale, F« gallon : ...33C BWM OBI $ SH &t$m *
t&^Sl Hook*, Shce Horns Inlian Cam ' p Musical Moke, ' welt to, 6, m.Ltary hec s regularly f 3.00 F^MWti^ i !° ' A! * ~ Ba!i Imported, quart bottle,, regularly Wc Uv: the ncwest S :y!e 3 of John B. *
-£ %^3 Cuticle Knves and I nd :,^C£ief,'| Indian Chase, ' \™} *3-5° \u25a0 P^- . F»*, ; •*!* ' tf« : «y ' ' J»T^ ' n ° kkr - '^ ' •\u25a0^o^ ' to !" ; ;« lSO/a/ .-O/Ja " _ _ Stetson Co's. fine "5
8 I' Erasers; special Mon- Du'hers of G.inslorough. , P rcc - \u25a0 \u25a0 • • • V ••• • • ;• \u25a0\u25a0• •• &f * ** * jMsAlM. \a • ... le J"u^P 9C? f I $2.25; F" bot;.e. ........ *UC . Hats . T ne light 3
H day omj, each f ! Lot. 4-Lid " F'n«t Qual.ty Box Calf \u25a0 jfimm --Mo „ d ay • \u25a0 Cyrus Nobe Vhl ky-i Cro*n. SxcV /^. • A weight flex be " *
* Gold . wmaffiMiw i»a watbi and tijs, wejt:d, heavy ixtcn ion so'e-, me- (^fnUFB |^f Boyi* T«ck fcarfj ' . \u25a0 ;• . • '.== 1 soft hats in tS«- -
• & Dlatrd OK -^ W= ° ff " °" SpSC:al dium heels and spring hces, regularly fa. 50 |il 5/ and Fou-ln-Handj— t—^t— ' . „''".!" ." "J
I V *=^^ T&K > (0^*^% «a'e Monday only 300 . per pair, «le price * *^_ PMi ILi 1 Good quality siik, nee, - • • / '• V""- •.- V " /- -V;- . ." ) new«t sty,«, m ,|
r » piamor Royal Blve cuspidores v.. $1.38 % : ,tyl sh\hap^ k gu^l ! Wa fcH " fn T Allr ' JmSl *
Jig cnam - J^^ rrf?^/ with mo.tled gold Lot 5-Ladies' Extra Fine Quality Vici K.d '. ] I. 1 Iy a S 'e each," special . TV tt I W 11 lUf OUT / "* A F% t t! l *
5 i 5 eled 1 *^ yg^'f^vA^V decoration^ a rapid Oxford Ties— Patent leather anl kid tips, - Mon ay]... m • I - A J • »n - ; L^" > * «. "* "2
>iX* Hair ' z 8 ! 11 " at S OC -- S P C - 'new c O i n - tors, hmd-tur ted 'and -heavy ex- ..-. ;• .\ ..:.•./:.'..•. A^. :rr "C SDCCIQl At!. TOrTVCS" 4(1^ price •*"' *
C *| Barrettfs, just trie thing tj nold up your Wjifllr l^B^lly ' cial tor Monday tension to'.es, miiituysrii- Louis XV. hee's, Boys' and Ladies' Barid 'Bows— Gocd;quality ' * • ' - >^^____jB ly • •*
• f sh rt har; dourle cla p; sprcid # _ . N^My , 44 i . regularly $2.00 and |2, 50 per A# ."_ . si Ir, lates: shapes, tegularly a 5 c, '\u25a0 "'Ji*-^ H?»V*^ Tl?ITU>T»C "' \u25a0 * '"\u25a0'''\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ',*&' & Jt f% f% 45
:,j^ Monday only, each... ....... ....SOC , ' «fe. hm\!&. ~,~ \u25a0' 32C pa r, sa.e prc:. &B.3& - special Monday only. ...'........ ffC **«J •> ptl UCi .3. - &*+.UU •'
"\u25a0:.\u25a0.... . - - ' • . . - \u25a0 \u25a0 -..\u25a0-. , . . \u25a0 ..- -. \u25a0 :• . . \u25a0 . ... .»-; !..•-;\u25a0\u25a0 • ;•\u25a0-\u25a0 -\u25a0: -.-_\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0.. : • • ; . • *%*+
THE ' EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIXJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.the ineffaceable magic of the plays them
selves without doubt, but certainly min
istered to by the modesty of the players,
that, if they could not greatly make, yet
kept them from much marring the
dramas. Of Mr. Haworth's work much
has been said, but there were also among
the humbler players a few who did more
than just keep from spoiling things. Mis.*
Belgarde was a distinctly sympathetic
Portia, also an intelligent. thougU phy
sically unconvincing, Ophelia.
Hal de Forrest's Polor.ius was really
good, and Herschel Mayall as Bassanio
was also a pleasing figure. A small part
verv well taken was the Lancelot Gobbo
of Gilbert Gardner. H. D. Byers also did
good service in small roles. William Ber
nard, who is a genial actor and a very
bad elocutionist, played the part of
Gratiano well, but did his elocutionary
worst— and it is very bad — as the "first
actor in "Hamlet." Mabel Heritage made
a pretty Jessica, and Charles Smiley was
successful in keeping up the ghostly dig
nity of the spirit of Hamlet's father. The
other parts in both plays were all inoffen
sively handled, and it is contended that
the performances, even in their admitted
incompleteness, have made for the better
ment of the mind and heart of the actors
and their audiences.
"The Little Minister" goes this week at
the Grand Opera-house, with Ms Mayall
as Gavin Dishart and pretty Miss Laura
Nelson Hall as Lady Babbie. She should
make a good one, too.
A remarkable feature of the Haworth
Shakespearean audiences has been the
large size of the gallery population, not
the accidental audience, but a crowd that
knew what it came for and applauded dis
creetly when it got it. It got, incidentally,
the best 10 cents' worth that has been on
the theatrical bargain counter for many
months, a principal player like Mr. Ha
worth, whose conceptions- of Shylock and
Hamlet are nobly intelligent, two casts
without absolute disaster and effective
settings for both plays. It got also two
performances that, though somewhat
shaky in outline and thin In color, were
yet sincere and reverent, and though often
inadequate were never impertinent, nor
In any sense a caricature of the author's
design. They possessed besides no small
beauty of atmosphere; largely Inherent In
Who shall say, for example, that the
large audiences that have greeted "Ham
let" and "The Merchant of Venice." Tiur
ing the last two weeks at the Grand
Opera-house are not incomparably better
off than they would have been had the
conipany wasted its not superabundant
genius on "Sapho," "A Brass Monkey" or
"Under Two Flags"? Or, and this counts
out the not always available inspiration
of a leading man like Joseph Haworth,
were not the Alcazar audiences that
"stood for" two weeks of "The Taming
of the Shrew," with Florence Roberts
cleverly shrewing it, indubitably the rlcn
er for it than those who spent their time
and monev at the same theater on the
pseudo-classic "Ingomar," or the rancid
moralities of "Sapho"?
• * •
SHOULD the cheap theaters meddle
with Shakespeare?-the Grand
Opera-house with "Hamlet," "The |
Merchant of Venice," the Alcazar !
with "The Taming of the Shrew,"
or the Tivoli with "Tannhauser," "Otello,"
"Mephisto"?— or should these leave the
masterpieces of the human heart and
brain to those wi»> alone can interpret i
them in all -their excellence and glory?
Does it make for the betterment of the
artistic moralities tha*t the cheap theater
shall forever confine itself to the banal,
the inane in dramatic art, because of its
inability adequately to interpret its high
er forms of expression? Shall that "lead
ing heavy" of the demagogue cast — who
indubitably, if impertinently, exists, how
ever—the workingman, be compelled to
take along with the other cheapnesses of
his career the bad music and bad play, as
well as the bad singer and bad actor?
It is easy for the dramatic purist to say
"yes," to affirm sternly that no Shake
speare at all is better than a weak, in
sufficient rendering of the great play
wright's work, and still further to insist
that no play is better than a bad play.
But the subject may not thus be lightly
dismissed. One of the inalienable rights
of humankind, based on a universal in
stinct, is the right to rational amusement,
the right to happiness in one or another
shape". So intimate and vital is this need,
so imperious its gratification, so all-im
portant its bearings, that a civilization
may justly be measured by the degree in
which it ministers to this single necessity.
It is a right recognized by all Govern
ments alike, more or less, and given ex
pression to in such forms as free art
galleries, parks/ museums, subsidized
theaters, free concerts, public libraries,
and so on, and according to the kind and
prevalence of these things, so is the de
gree of civilization in the community.
Now. and more's the pity, we have not
yet arrived in this country at the pitch
of civilization indicated by the subsidized
theater, neither the player nor the play
having yet attained the point of national
respect that is demonstrated by the sub
sidizing of the art. Until that time, that
may not be so far distant as it seems, the
perennial problem of the cheap theater
will be with us, the good play with in
different players or the bad play with
the same indifferent players, and in spite
of possible mangling, distortion even,
and- inevitable comparative unworth
.of the good play's interpretation
in poor hands, the former policy
would nevertheless seem, to be clear
gain. Half a loaf, is^ better than
no bread and a bedimmed ideal better
than no ideal; therefore is it for the ulti
mate good of his own soul and ours that
the cheap player shall sometimes- lay
awkward but reverent hands upon the
holy of holies itself, the Shakesperean
drama, and the Tivoli give us the very
good four-bit "Tannhauser" that is sub
stitute for Mr. Grau's magnificence at $7
a head. .
4CTOR WHO WILL APPEAR IN THE ROLE OF GAVIN DISHART IN
"THE LITTLE MINISTER," WHICH WILL BE PRODUCED THIS
WEEK AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
It is said that certain people cannot sins this
Eong. but anybody can go away back East and
sit down in the comfortable trains of the Nickel
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Plate
Dining Cars In which are secved American Club
Meals at from S5c to $1-00 each. Call or write
for free book showing views of Buffalo Pan-
American Exposition. Jay W. 'Adams. P. c.
P. A.. 37 Crocker Bldg., San Francisco Cal.
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
If all the world's a stage and all the men
and women merely players, how does the
box office induce the ghost to walk?
SUCCESS WITH BEES.-?20 worth of honey
per colony, 20 tons made with 100 colonies. A
map of the honey yielding- locations of Califor
nia with a year's subscription to the Pacific
Bee Journal. |1; single copy, 10c. Published at
Los Angeles, Cal. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's), 51G Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend'B California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market -street. Palace Hotel building:. •
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1839 Polk. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'aw*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Discerning critics have noted -that in the description of the battle of San. Juan* Hill given in
General Alger's history of the war, the. name of Roosevelt isn't mentioned, and they- are drawing
therefrom the conclusion that Alger is not a candidate for any office in the gift of the President.
It is asserted that the convicts in the State prison at Albany are indignant over the fact that
Czolgosz has been- confined there. They object to being associated with him even to the extent
of rooming in the same building, and they would leave if they could. .' .
The court of inquiry may relieve Admiral Schley of the charges made against him, but
what can ever relieve the. navy itself of the exhibition made by. the conflict of testimony given by
the officers? -~. - \u25a0".- r : — — - • • - ; > •' '\u25a0-:•• - ;; •.• \u25a0.'-. \u25a0\u25a0 ,•-\u25a0\u25a0'- -^
Mrs. Peppery— Well, the married man in
question is her husband.— Philadelphia
Press. .
Mrs. Peppery— There's something pe
culiar about that couple who just moved
in next door. She's receiving attentions
from a married man who's in love with
her.
Mr. Peppery— What's unusual about
that?
The assassin appears a victim of evil communications, turning a ready ear to the lessons of
ignoble discontent' with a grudge against the success of others, led to abandon the industrious
habits of his non-age, and instead of holding to a noble ambition in gratitude to the civil institu
tions of his country that laid all opportunity open to his energy, becoming an enemy of mankind
and closing his career a murderer!
On the other hand, the American boy, discontented with his lot only in that noble way that
leads to its betterment by his own exertions, not envious of others, but .desirous by his own qual
ity to equal their successes, stands as the embodiment of that wholesome independence and pat
riotism to which this republic, owes its'primacy in the world.
The hope of the nation is in boys like that, whether native born or not. Let them be re
membered by the generation that is.ahead of. them, and in the public schools and every other
agency for the training and development of manhood, let them feel that their country appreciates
them and stands by their rights. '
The manly words of this Chicago lad might be put. upon the walls of every schoolroom
and their spirit be taught with benefit to every schoolboy. His lines were cast where a weak
spirit might complain, but with a healthy American spirit he regarded whining and complaint as a
waste of time that could be given better to exertion that would, send him forward toward the high
mark of his ambition. ..Every such boy may become a captain of industry, the strength of his
country and the final cause of its glory and greatness.
Not often has the true spirit of American aspiration, energy and independence found better
expression than by this boy. It is interesting to study the different uses that are made of oppor
tunity. It is known that the assassin of President McKinley. by the time he reached twenty-one
'years of age had accumulated, of his own earnings two hundred and fifty dollars. That fact is
evidence against his. assumption that no one has any chance in this country. In what other
country can a boy do as well? Had he been content to be- industrious, thrifty, saving and
temperate, by this time he would have accumulated, from thai fine beginning, a capital that would
have made him independent, but instead of doing this, he listened to the lies ofanarchy, became
sodden in his enmity to the country and ends his career a capital felon. What a lesson there is in
the spirit and the careers of Sloan and Czolgosz!
Upon inquiry it was found that Sloan was a poor boy, working for three dollars a week,
and desirous of earning enough to get an education, and that he was a reader and thinker as
well as a worker. 'A Mr. Simmons upon learning these -facts declared that the boy should have
the education he coveted.
THE murder of President McKinley drew public attention to the anarchists, and resulted
in stirring that class to many manifestations of defiance In the present condition' of our
laws it is not easy to suppress anarchistic expressions and teachings, and the devotees of
that bloody cult took advantage of their, exemption. They had the opportunity' to show
how closely they are allied to all the preachers of pessimism and' discontent, whose, mission is
to arouse all the grudges that lurk in the heart of man. They impeach our laws, our social state
and everything that has made America the refuge of the people of the world. .
This class were very active in Chicago and furnished many, street preachers of anarchy,
who used the streets and public parks for meeting places. One Italian anarchist occupied Union
Park regularly and attracted c- large audience of the idle and vicious •and curious, by his ha
rangues. But he was finally put to flight by an American boy. He had made an attack upon this
country, its industrial system, its government and the features which make it distinctly American.
When he finished Eddie Sloan, an American boy, fourteen years old, stepped in front of the
crowd, and iti a clear voice said: "The hard working American boy doesn't; waste time in whin
ing and lamenting his lot, like the class that you represent. . He doesn't hate his employer, nor
does he fear the capitalist, for he aspires to become one. He knows that all the, great captains
of industry were once like him. Anyway, if your kind don't like American ways, why don't you
go back to your native land?;.' The anarchist edged out of. the crowd and disappeared.
THE j^MEI^IO^lNr BOY.
Caccini (1S5S-1615). Amarilli: Scarlatti (1650
1725), O Cessate <li Piagarml (O Cease to
Wound Me); Jomelli (1714-1774), La Calandrina
(The Meadow Lark); Bellini (1S02-1S35). aria,
"Catta Diva" from "Norma"; Leoncavallo
UiCE), ballatella from "Pagliacci"; Old French,
I
The following exacting programme
was rendered last Monday night by
Miss Helen Heath, a pupil of the Von
Meyerinck School of Music, on the occa
sion of her graduation from the school. I
was unable to attend, but hear on good
authority that the young lady did exceed
ingly well:
• • •
March, "Roya! Purple" (Creatore), dedicated
to Spokane Lodge of Elks No. 228; overture,
•Tannhauser" (Wagner); harp solo, selected,
Miss Ida Heintzen; "Traumerei" (Schumann);
sextet from "Lucia" (Donizetti), Slgnorl
Palma. Aiola, Marino, Curti, Donizetti,
Llberaton and Basila; march, "The Owl's
Club" (Metz); "Funeral March" (Chopin);
soprano solo, selected. Mme. Barlll; "La. Glo
conda" (Ponchielli) ; prelude, "Dance of the
Hours."
The first concert of the Royal Italian
Band will take place to-night at the Al
hambra Theater. Great things are ex
pected of the organization this year from
the lively reports that have reached here
from time to time of its well-doing in the
East under the new conductor, Signor
Creatore. There will be twelve concerts
in all during the week, eight evening con
certs, beginning with to-night, and five
matinees, on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday afternoons.
Following is the good programme pre
pared for this evening:
• • •
To-morrow night the Tivoli will cele
brate Verdi's birthday, with a pro
gramme that will include acts from
•'Otello," "Trovatore," "Lombardl," "Rig
o'etto" and others. "Ernani" will be the
alternating bill with "Carvalleria" and
•Pagliacci."
The Tivoli has another interesting
novelty on hand this week In the shape
cf the debut of a very promising young
soprano, who will make her first appear
ance in grand opera on Wednesday night
next as Nedda in "I Pagliacci." The
singer is Miss Barnetta Mueller, a New
Orleans girl, numbering only 21 years and
n-ith a considerable experience alroady
behind her. Miss Mueller is also quite
handsome and sings for pure love of the
art, as her people are wealthy, and has
a temperament that seems to warrant the
choice. She was a pupil of Paul Stein
dorff's some , three years ago in New-
York and while there also went on -the
comic opera stage with Alice Nielsen for
a short season. Then, on the advice of
her teacher, the young student went to
Italy and has since spent a year with
Carignani in Milan, and another year in
/'"ranee with Madame Duprez-Du Wast.
Miss Mueller sang for Puccini and Mas
cagni and seems to have created a favor
able impression upon both composers.
She was also offered a debut in Italy,
l>ut refused it, preferring to make her
first essay in her own country and alto
gether Miss Mueller's is a debut that
promises more than usually well!
1HAVE had the serious misfortune
this week to fall afoul of that per
verse little person, Signor Richard A.
Lucchesi, by reason of the kinder
than wise small courtesy extended to
him in these columns last Sunday. Of
that order of intellect that can scent a
personal insult in the multiplication table,
the irate little ex-critic of the Wasp
charges me with conspiracy, intent to kill
and all the other sins in the 'decalogue, by
reason of the phrasing of the before-men
tioned notice of his intention • to cease
from journalism. It should also be sai«l
—I have no desire to mitigate my er
ror—that my sins of omission in the said
notice were not less vicious than those
committed. The sad truth is that I ven
tured to regard with different eyes from
the sijmor the public importance of a pre
posterously insignificant resemblance of
a phrase in Mr. Lucchesi's quintet to a
bit from Puccini's "La Boheme" (written
four years later, look you!), keeping the
fact for my own selfish delectation. Be
ing a peaceable body, however, I make
the following retraction of the offending
statement, the handsomest in my reper
toire, in the hope that it will make for
the general amity of nations and the par
ticular peace of Signor Lucchesi:
"The pages of the Wasp are not the
poorer these days by the lively vitrlolism
of Signor Lucchesi. The vitrioltsm of
Signor Lucchesi is anything but lively.
Neither can the said vitriolism properly
be classed as vitriolism at all, but should
rather be termed mush, canicular mush."
Among announcements in connection
with the Grau grand opera season, one
that will be received with much pleasure
is that of the Wagner lectures of Walter
Damrosch, that will take place, as last
year, before the opening of the opera sea
son. Mr. Damrjseh will lecture in the
California Thea'.er, the dates later to be
announced, and his subjects this year will
embrace "Tristan and Isolde," "Der
Meistersinger" end "Parsifal," the former
two ot which we shall later have the joy
cf hearing in the Grau repertoire. Mr.
Damrosch's lectures are remembered with
much pleasure, and with their suggestive
text and ampie musical illustration are
the foest possible preparation for hearing
the operas themselves. The lectures are
under the direction of Messrs. Ellinghouse
and Oppenheimer.
The musical programme ;it St. Domi
nic's Church for this morning at 11 o'clock
will include four compositions by Alois F.
Lejeal— the "Fifth Mass." "Asperges Me
Domini," "Veni Creator" and an "Ave
Maria" quartet. The music is in charge
of James H. Howe, the organist and choir
master.
Miss Mary Genevieve ' Moroney, whose
clever accompaniments are a feature of
any programme in which she takes part,
announces a concert for next Saturday
night, to be given at the Hopkins Art In
stitute. Miss Moroney will have with her
lime. Camille d'Arville-Crellin, Donald de
V. Graham and Lovell Langstroth, the
young cellist whose work here is rapidly
bringing him to the front. Sherman &
Cla^ have charge of the concert tickets.
Mrs. II. E. Blanchard, whose pleasant
contralto voice has been among the miss
ing for two years now, has recently re
turned to San Francisco. The singer has
been studying hard in the mearttime with
Isidore Luckstone and Oscar Saenger In
New York and Miss Lena Little In Bos
ton. She will shortly give two song re
citals to show what she has gained there.
by. The dates of the recitals have been
set for Tuesday evening. October 22, and
Saturday afternoon, October 26, at 3
o'clock, the place, Sherman and Clay Hall.
* * *
La Charmante Marguerite; Gretry (1741-1S13).
Blondel's song from the opera "Richard Coeur
de Lion")-; Bizet (1S3S-1S75), Pastorale; Massenet
<1842), Blerie. violin obli&ato by George H.
Kalthoff: Haendel (16S5-1759), "aria from "Se
mele" (O Sleep, Why Does-t Thou Leave Me?);
Schubert (1779-1528). Du bist die Ruh (My Sweet
Repose); Liszt (1811-1SS6). Die Loreley; Richard
Strauss U8S4), Traum durch die Daemmeru'ng
(Dream Through the Gloaming); Hugo Wolff,
Er Isfs <'«3 He.)
TALENTED irEW ORLEANS GIRL WHO WILL MAKE HER FIRST AP
PEARANCE IN GRAND OP13KA. AS NEDDA IN "I PAGLrlACCT" AT
THE TIVOLI NEXT WEDNESDAY EVENING.
It is the duty of President Harriman to give attention to these things. They are not mat
ters of local concern merely. Herrin is but a subordinate in the railway office, and the issue raised
by the misuse of his official position runs direct to the president himself. It is in fact up to Mr.
Harriman to take note of what is going on here and to decide whether he is to remove the ;nis
chief-maker from office or retain him there and so antagonize the business elements of the city.
Whatever may be Mr. Harriman's decision the public have satisfaction in the fact that Her
rin's power for evil in city"politics has been already largely diminished. It was learned yesterday
that the Market-street Railway system has been transferred to a Baltimore syndicate. Mr. Herrin
has long been attorney for the Market-street company and has made use of it in his political work.
It is no longer under his control. The operatives need not now take orders from him in matters of
politics. They can vote as they please. The men into whose hands the control of the Market
street system* has passed have operated street railways in other cities, and it is known that they are
business men, devoting themselves to the work of street railway transportation. They will not
themselves use the road in politics, nor will they permit their officers to do so. Mr. Herrin. lifts
thus been shorn of that much of his former power, and it may not be long before Mr. Harriman
will see fit to further curtail it. .
As President Harriman does not live in San Francisco it is probable he is not aware of the
injury which Herrin and his gang do, not to San Francisco only, but to the railway itself. The
very, activity by which Herrin makes himself needful to the gas company, the water com
pany and other corporations makes him antagonistic to the business elements of the city. , He
makes enemies for the road among merchants, manufacturers and shippers' of every grade arid de
gree. If Mr. Harriman desires to learn how deep is the feeling of antagonism in this city to
Herrin let him note the enthusiastic reception given by the merchants to Mr. Hays when he came
to San Francisco and announced decisively that the road would be taken, out of politics. Let him
also note the silence with which the merchants received the news of Mr. Hays' retirement. There
were no meetings of congratulation among business men when that change was made. (
MUNICIPAL politicr is now in shape for the active work of campaigning. The various
parties have aligned themselves, have adopted their platforms' and nominated their can
didates. The contest- is local in its nature. It is of great importance, to the people of
San Francisco, but it ought not to be' a matter of much personal concern to other per
sons. There is, however, one man living far from San Francisco who is seriously concerned in cer
tain phases of the contest, to whom indeed the situation presents an issue that directly affects
him. That person is President Harriman of the Southern Pacific Railway, and the issue that runs
directly up to him is that raised by the use which W. F. Herrin, Jere Burke and others are making
of the railroad in city politics.
• The people of Saiv Francisco have' certain questions to ask of President Harriman in this
regard. They have a right to ask whether it be his intention to carry out the policy announced
by Mr. Hays, and confine the officers of the road to railroad work, or to return' to the old way of
using the power of the road as. a political machine for the purpose of 'advancing the schemes and
personal fortunes of those officers and their favorites.
Is W.F. Herrin to be permitted to use his position in the railway office as a means: of
making himself powerful in politics and thus able to demand and obtain large fees and salaries
as counsel for local corporations who desire to do politics on occasions?"
Is he, to be permitted to drag the road into municipal politics and make it the -ally of
bosses of the worst type, using it for the purpose of electing corrupt men to office, or of corrupt
ing such as have hitherto been honest?
•A-lsT ISSUE FOR HUCR: ttJ±ttTZ,Tl&LA.2X'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C/YLl^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ' "Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
Publication Office .^ . <^^^^^^^> .......;..-. Market and Third, S. F.
BY GUISARD.
GREAT PLAYS, ALTHOUGH
POOKLY PRODUCED, MAKE
FOR BETTERMENT OF MIND
THE SAS FK1NCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; , OCTOBER 13, 1901.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
MUSICIANS OF PROMISE
HAVE BEEN AND WILL BE
HEARD IN HALLS OF CITY
18
AD VEBTTSEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
STUBBORN
As the • Cold numbs your
fingers and toes, so taking*
Cold numbs your vital organs,
causing weak heart action,
difficult respiration and torpid
liver. A. few doses of "77**
restores the checked circula-
tion, sends the blood coursing
through the veins, restoring
every organ to its normal con-
dition, and the Cold is "broken
up" and passes off of necessity.
"77" is a small v A al or
pleasant pellets that just fits
At all druggists 23 cents, or mailed on receipt
of price. Doctor's Book mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co.. cor-
ner William and John sts.. New Tork.
To Make San Francisco the
. Rug Mart of the West,
3000
Most Select, Anfqus and Silky »
ORIENTAL
RUGS
Will be sold at legitimate and absolute
AUCT I ON
"•-•.,/.. Commencing
• MONDAY, OCTOBER 14,
And Dally at It a. m. and 2 p. m.
332 POST STREET,
Near Powell, opposite TJnion square.
For an advertisement to attract all the
rug buyers this sale will be absolutely
without reserve.
The collection is most remarkable. Everv
rue selected by me with great care and
no artificial antiques In this collection.
Note the following pointers for this sale-
Start low. bid little, buy at half the price
that can be purchased elsewhere.
~.\*^ M> *• MIHRAN.The entertainment committee and stage
managers of the third annual benefit In
aid of the charity fund of the Associated
Theatrical Managers of San Francisco
met at the Columbia Theater yesterday
morning to perfect details for the
big I event. As half of the gross re
ceipts of the occasion will be devoted to
the McKinley memorial fund. Mayor Phe
lan, chairman of the memorial committee,
has consented to deliver a. brief address
during the performance. The programme,
as was announced yesterday, will last
Theatrical Managers' Benefit
Michael Kenny, a teamster's helper In
the employe of W. A. Miller & Co., hay
dealers, was badly beaten last night' by
a crowd of union -teamsters on Mission
street, below Third. His Injuries, which
consisted of a number of severe . lacera
tions of the head and face, were dressed
at the Receiving Hospital.
Teamster's Helper Beaten.
Episcopalian ticket holders and accom
panying friends can secure low excursion
rates via Southern Pacific, to Bakersfleld,
Visalla, Porterville, Hanford, Selma. Fres
no, Merced, Madera, Modesto, Stockton
and all other principal California points
at 613 Market street or Union Ferry depot.
The San Joaquin Valley Side Trips
Via the Southern Pacific.
Blackstock, but the San Francisco mem
ber voted with Edson of Siskiyou. While
Herrin is losing prestige in certain direc
tions he Is said to be getting closer and
closer to Gage. At the same time the
distance between Gage and Burns is wid
ening. The latter is quoted as saying that
the next Governor should come from the
region north of Tehachapi. Senator Per
kins is at Aetna Springs acquiring
strength and oomposure for onerous du
ties in Washington, D. C, next winter.
OUTSIDEORS TAKE. TTA"NT> IN
NON-PABTISAIT CONVENTION
Insist on Voting ITames of Absent
Delegates to Disgust of
Others.
A lively session of the Non-Partisan
convention was held last night in one of
the upper lodgerooms of B'nal -B'rith Hall.
There was a large lobby in attendance,
which took an active interest in the pro
ceedings, and several times during the
rollcalls voted the names of absent dele
gates. Efforts were made to suppress this
tendency of outsiders to vote, but without
success.
A rollcall of delegates where each one
deposited his ballot at the secretary's
desk showed the presence of fifty
vouched-for delegates.
District Attorney Lewis F. Bylngton re
ceived the nomination for his present of
fice.
The committee on recommendation of
candidates for Supervisor presented the
following names, which were adopted:
Peter J. Curtis, Lawrence Dwyer J. p.
Booth. A. Compte Jr., S. Braunhart, John Con
nor, Charles Boxton, H. U. Brandensteln, W
M. McCarthy, Percy Beamish, John F. Ahearn,
Alfred Lilienfeld, Fred W. Bent, James M
Wilkins, William J. Wynn.
The following names of candidates for
Supervisor presented the previous night
were referred to the committee on Super
visors:
Jacob Neustadter. Charles F. R. Klein, Sar
gent W. U Coles, Henry C. Langrehr, Norton
C. Hulse.
As there are three vacancies to be filled
the report upon the names to be selected'
will be made at the next meeting.
The platform was read by H. V. More
house, chairman of the committee. The
features presented In all other platforms
demanding new schoolhouses, acquirement
of public utilities, an enforcement of char
ter provisions and an economical admin
istration of public affairs are reiterated.
A demand is made for a commission to
"investigate private institutions having
charge of children and for the purpose of
preventing cruelty to children and cruelty
to animals."
A receiving hospital, where children
charged with crime may be placed pend
ing settlement of their cases, is also de
manded. Interest for teachers on their
back salaries, placing of telephone com
panies under the same restrictions as
other corporations, a special fund of 7
cents on $100 for permanent improvements,
eight hours for city employes and Chinese
exclusion are treated in subsequent
planks.
A. B. Mahoney and P. H. Coyle were
named for County Clerk. Coyle's namo
was withdrawn and Mahoney received
the indorsement.
•r John Lackmann, Robert J. Loughry and
•J- S oJ V 3L del L? rere nai "ed as candidates
for Sheriff. The name of Wardell was
withdrawn during the rollcall. Lack
mann received 22 votes and Loughry 36
votes and the indorsement.
For Auditor Wise, Baehr and Less were
placed In nomination. The . secretary
called the roll amid much confusion Ser
geant at Arms Becker being- frequently
called upon to put out obstreperous
voters. Chairman Bibo gave up the chair
to Vice Chairman Morehouse and a sec
ond start was made. The secretary re
ported 76 ballots cast, but a count of the
votes In the hat showed only 51. The re
sult was announced as follows:
Less 23, Baehr 22, Wise 5 and blank l a
no candidate had received a majority vote a
motion to adjourn until Monday night at the
same place was carried. \u25a0 -
"Wants to Be Mayor.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell filed his petition
with the Election Commission yesterday
to be accorded a place on the municipal
ticket In his independent candidacy for
Mayor. O'Donnell's petition purports to
be, signed by 2804 electors. Registrar
Walsh Immediately put a force of clerks
to work to .ascertain if the signers to the
petition are bona fide and appear on the
Great Register.
Byington's Friends Meet.
At Pythian Castle last night there was
a meeting of the friends of Louis F. By
ington. Democratic nominee for District
Attorney. An organization for campaign
work was effected by the election of
Judge Cope, president, and Alex Vogel
sang, Stephen Costello and B. M.
Sweeney, vice presidents.
> Arthur G. Fisk, candidate for City At
torney, made an address, in which he
promised to do his duty as an official if
elected. John Lackmann, candidate for
re-election as Sheriff, was warmly greet
ed, and he addressed the gathering.
Speeches were made by the following:
Harry Baehr, E. J. Smith, John Farnham,
Charles E. Corey, Fred Eggers, George
Alpera and John Wilklns. Other candi
dates present were William Opperman, Al
Lllienfeld and William George.
During the pauses In the speaking there
was music. A fine programme of vocal
selections and recitations was rendered.
Morris J. Foster recited "The Uncle," and
Elton Lambert of the Columbia Minstrels
gave several coon specialties. Numbers
by W. W. Brackett, J. W. Fisher, Aubery
M. Yates, Louis Stelger and R. E. French
\u25a0were warmly received. The serving of
punch was a feature of the event.
The members of the Fremont Club, an
organization of young Republicans, gave
a reception to the Republican candidates
at the clubrooms In the History building
last night. The affair was a happy one,
and' the Interest shown in the proceedings,
as well as In the "greetings to the candi
dates, indicated strong unanimity of sen
timent concerning the personnel of the
ticket.
President Percy V. Long called the
meeting to order. He introduced Asa R.
Wells, candidate for Mayor, in a brief ad
dress, and referred to him as the next
Mayor of San Francisco. Mr. Wells paid
a tribute to the young Republicans of Cal
ifornia, and particularly Jhose of the Fre
mont Club. He said that the welfare of
the country depended upon the young
men. and with their help he believed his
election was certain. The party, he went
on, was animated by the highest motives
and he was firmly convinced that Its
ticket would win.
Leading Republican Candidates Ara
Given a Hearty Greeting by
Young Voters.
RECEPTION BY MEMBEBS
OI" THE FREMONT CLUB
Court. It is common talk among the law
yers, who ous?ht to know whereof they
speak, that the law department of the
Southern Paciiic received a hard smash
from the high court.
Other recent happenings have caused a
jar in the law department. It is common
gossip that Herrin is inclined to blame
Colonel Burns and Jere Burke for select
ing a questionable bunch of candidates
for the Board of Supervisors. The story
goes that Herrin and Jere Burke ex
changed unpleasant words over the affair
and that the latter broadly intimated that
he obeyed orders from some one higner
in authority than the chief of the com
pany's law office in San Francisco.
The Railroad Commissioner's long rec
ord of subservient loyalty to the South
ern Pacific management seems to have
been broken. The oil rate decision was a
surprise and disappointment to Herrin.
He hoped to find Laumeister in line with
Governor Gage, -who Mt here last Fri
day evening and is notr at\his ranch, was
interviewed yesterday at Los Angeles on
the subject of convening the Legislature
in extra session. He said: "There will be
no extra session and there is no reason
for one."
Mary members of the Legislature are
convinced that an "extra" is necessary,
but the taxpayers generally are of the
opinion that any old county government
bill •would be preferable to anythirvg that
the existing Lojrislaturc could devise. The
blunders committed at the regular ses
sion have already coFt the people a vast
sum of money, and there is no assurance
that an extra session would not be a car
nival of folly.
Several fine specimens of railway legis
lation •were contained in the acts recently
declared unconstitutional by the Supreme
Recent Events Astonish the Manager of Railroad's Political Bureau.
Oil Rate Decision a Surprise.
GOVERNOR GAGE DECLARES POSITIVELY
AGAINST THE EXTRA-SESSION SCHEME
Washington: Increase — William D. Pe
terson, Lakeside, $10; Robert B. Crandall,
Olympia, $12.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoftice established: California—Colum
bia Mines, San Bernardino County, Henry
MacDavenport, Postmaster. Name
changed: Oregon— Charleston, Yamhlll
County, to Rex. Postmasters commis
sioned: California — John Q. Adams, Val
lev Center; Richard E. Madden, Ruby.
Washington— Robert H. Stapleton, Mon
roe. Oregon— George K. Grant, Bourne;
Harry L. Ward. Rex. Appointed: Wash
ington—G. A. Magoon, Gig Harbor, Pierce
County, vice S. H. Franklin, deceased.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Cyrus R. Street, Berkeley,
$6. Increase— Francis M. Morton, Pasa
dena, $12; John Cooper, Susanville, $12;
Monroe Gunter. Saratoga, $12; Giles J.
Burgess, Soldiers' Home, Eos Angeles, $8.
Widows— Sarah J. Mayes, Los Angeles, $8;
Harriet Hastings, Alameda, $8. War with
Spain — Laura H. Stevenson, Sierra Madre,
J12.
ment and More New Pensions
Issued.
Changes Made in the Postal Depart-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
A lone burglar early Thursday morning
broke into the Mechanics' clothing store
at 775 Market street and stole a suit of
clothes, some underwear and a miscellan
eous assortment of cheap jewelry. An
entrance was effected by prying open the
rear door on the Stevenson-street side
with a jimmy. The burglar, after gather
ing his booty, went into a small room in
the back of the place and discarding his
old clothes put on the suit which he had
selected from the stock. As it was one
of the most expensive suits in the place
the proprietor is inclined to believe that
the burglar knew something of the value
Ql the clothes.
• A citizen who was pa&sing on Stevenson
street at the time sa>s he saw the crook
enter the place. He was poorly clad
when he entered, but when he emerged
some time afterward, - he claims, he
looked like a winner on a horse race.
The citizen describes the burglar as b^
ing about 30 years of age and with a sev
eral weeks' growth of beard. He wore a
dark slouch hat which was pulled down
over his face.
The suit of clothes which was left in
the store by the burglar has been turned
over to Captain Seymour, who is making
every effort to locate its owner.
Early Friday morning burglars entered
the New York saloon on Jackson street,
near Sar.scme, and looted the cash regis
ter of about $90.
This Is the fourth time that the salojou
has been robbed in a few months.
Chief Donahue did not accept the prop
osition, but made a counter offer to waive
the reward himself, saying nobody else
could secure it. The Chief says Crowe is
tired of being hunted and is willing to
take chances of a trial if the reward is
withdrawn, but expresses the fear that
manufactured testimony would convict
him if the reward were allowed to stand.
He says Crowe is less than 500 miles from
Omaha and is not with his relatives.
Edward A. Cudahy $r. was seen to-day
and asked if the reward for Crowe would
be withdrawn. In reply he said:
"Yes, we will do anything to secure
Crowe. This is the first I haye heard of
Crov»e's proposition, but I presume it is
bona fide. 1 still believe Crowe was one
of the abductors of my son, but if he sur
renders he shall have a fair trial and if
he gives himself up under the circum
stances named the reward will be with
drawn at once. I have not heard from
Crowe directly or indirectly myself, but
Chief Donahue has had the matter in
hand and 1 will have him act in any man
ner that will secure the presence of
Crowe."
There was another Jegal fight to-day
over the case of James Cailahan, held for
perjury in the Cudahy kidnaping trial.
The plea at bar was not argued, but Cal
lahan's attorneys tiled a motion to quash
on the ground that the jury has been
called and that indictment rather than in
formation is the proper procedure. The
Judge said he would call the motion up
next Thursday and indicated that he
would overrule It. Callahan's attorneys
are said to be expecting Pat Crowe to iig
ure in the case soon and are fighting for
time.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. -12.— Chief of Police
Donahue has received from Patrick
Crowe, through a friend of the latter, an
offer to surrender himself and stand trial
in the courts if the reward of $50,000 hang
ing over his head for the alleged kidnap
ing of Edward A. Cudahy Jr. is with
drawn.
Large Reward Will Be With
drawn if the Man
• Returns.
Breaks Into a Clothing Store
and Arrays Himself
Becomingly.
Burglar Makes a Raid
and Gets a Fashion
able Suit.
Man Accused of Cudahy
Kidnaping "Writes
a Letter.
LEAVES HIS OLD
CLOTHES BEHIND
PAT CROWE MAY
COME TO COURT
:\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 . : - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ; - - \u25a0 .••\u25a0•• ••••-,\u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
William Leslie and Thomas McGwin,
plasterers employed on the Callaghan
building at McAllister and Market streets,
were injured yesterday by the falling of
a scaffolding: which they undertook to re
move. McGwin received several lacerat
ed wounds of the head and Leslie a
sprained ankle. Both men were taken t»
the Emergency Hospital.
Falls With Scaffolding.
•?? 4 fe n fo^ r hou ™, consequently the
orand Opera-house curtain will be raised
Sii. ocl ? c K. sharp - The sale ot seats will
Begin at the opera-ho.use box office to
m n vr i? S v at 9 o'clock when there
will undoubtedly be a long line in waiting.
19
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM,
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
* blue flame:
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
SS £SSS§: 309 to 311 market Street.
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
&JL T iCil
Without
WEAKNESS
There is no such condition as weakness In
a man under fifty years of age. other than gen-
eral debility. Prematureness. loss of vitality,
etc., are but symptoms of some damage to the
reproductive system. In looking for the loca-
tion o£ this damage we generally find an en-
larged, swollen and Inflamed prostate gland.
As this gland Is the very center of the repro-
ductive system it can readily be understood
that inflammation of it must cause disordered
function. These cases are promptly benefited
by proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes
from bad to worse. The essential point In ail
of them Is the necessity of the cure of the focus
of the trouble in the prostate. Many men have
unsuccessfully treated for a weakness and be-
come discouraged, when If an antiphlogistic
plan of treatment had been adopted instead of
tonics', a cure would have been the result. In
our experience there is no drug In the Phar-
macopeia, taken Into the stomach, that will
even benefit this class of cases. Our clan of
treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt
results are obtained, as indicated by increased
circulation and return of natural vigor. Our
colored chart, which we mall on application, is
Interesting to any one wishing to study the
anatomy of the male.
Contracted Disorders.
Under the treatment pursued before Irriga-
tions were, established six weeks was deemed
the duration of an acute contracted disorder.
If it proceeded beyond six weeks it was con-
sidered to have rone Into chronic condition.
From statistics compiled from our practice In
the past live years, covering over 6500. cases,
we can show that 90 per cent of our patients
have recovered In fourteen days or less. It Is.
therefore, equally proper to hold that a casa
not entirely cured within two weeks must be
considered a chronic one, and some complica-
tion has arisen for which the patient should
see a specialist. "We invite free consultation
. on this subject, and offer an experience of over
twenty years; in fact, we can positively assert
that we have sever failed to cure In a single
ln DR° C TALCOTT &C0., 997 Market St.
Cures
Drunkards
A Remarkable Remedy Which Clergymen,
Physicians and Temperance
Workers Now Heartily
1 Endorse.
Can Be Given Secretly in Coffee, Tea or
Food, Tbu3 Curing the Drunkard
Without His Co-op9ration;
The Remedy Is Sent Free to AIL
After many years of unceasing endeavor Dr.
J. W. Haines has finally secured the endorse-
ment of the professions for his remarkable rem-
edy. Golden Specific. This remedy is odwless
and' tasteless, 1b mixed with coffee, tea. milk or
food and given the drunkard secretly. Its effect
Is remarkable, curing cases In a short time that
seemed absolutely hopeless.
Rev. Schimpfelman, a noted German divine,
says: "I am gratified to say that I have met
many cases of drunkenness cured by Golden
Specific. The secrecy with which it can be used
i is certalrriy a great gain to the cause of tem-
perance."
MRS IRENE FLORENCE, Franklin, Warren Co., 0.
Dr. Rene Chabot. one of the greatest of
medical scientists, says: "Golden Specific is the
only cure for drunkenness. It leaves no after
effects, and I have frequently prescribed it to
be given secretly by the drunkard's wife, moth-
er or dauuhter."
Franklyn Waters, who has moved thousands
by his stirring temperance lectures, says: "No
amount of eloquence can equal 'the wonderful
accomplishments of Golden Specific. It is the
greatest temperance worker the World has ever
seen. I have known it to cure drunkards who
were always too drunk to even attend a tem-
perance lecture. Every woman should do her
best to .make Golden Specific a household
word."
Mrs. Irene Florence, box 138, Franklin, "War-
ren County, Ohio, says:
"I had for years patiently borne the disgrace,
suffering:, misery and privations due to my hus-
band's drinking habits. Hearing of your mar-
velouB remedy for the cure of drunkenness,
which I could give my husband secretly, I de-
cided to try it. I mixed it in his food and
coffee, and, as the remedy is odorless arid taste-
less, he dia not know what it was that so
quickly relieved his craving for liquor.' I soon,
found out that my mission was a complete suc-
cess and that Golden Spe*cinc had wrought al-
most a miracle for me. ! I want others to profit
by my experience and If you want you are at
liberty to refer to me as having told you about
this marvelous remedy."
. Send your name and address to Dr. J. W.
Haines, 1870 Glenn bulldlns, Cincinnati, Ohio,
and he will mail a free sample of the remedy
to you securely sealed in a plain wrapper, also
full directions how to use it. books and testi-
monials from hundreds who have been cured,
and everything needed to aid you in saving
those near and dear to you from a life of degra-
dation and ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Results of the .
AUTOMOBILE
ENDURANCE CONTEST
Under the Auspices of the
"Automobile Club of America" From New
York to Buffalo, September, 1901.
"We quote the following from the "Cycle
and Automobile Trade Journal" of Octo-
ber 1, 1901:
"The 'White* Steam Vehicles. — The
I White Sewing .Machine Company, Cleve-
land, Ohio, entered four of their steam
vehicles in the run, one in class A and
three In class 13. These machines made a
better combined record than that of any
other make of either steam or gasoline
vehicles. Two of them undoubtedly se-
cured first-class certificates, with an av-
erage of nearly fourteen miles per hour
for the entire run; another averaged in
the neighborhood of twelve miles per
hour, and may also secure a first-class
certificate. The two first named had the
best average .speeds next to Bishop's,
rankii.g second and third, respectively.
"At many of the controls the 'White*
wagons would follow this powerful Pan-
hard in cne, two, three, four order, and
the most excellent performance of the
machines was the talk of the run.
"The 'flash steam 1 generator used in
this vehicle has showr. itself to be highly
efficient and trustworthy. Not a single
mishap of any kind happened to the gen-
erator or engine on any of these car-
riages.
"The good work of the 'White* carriage
was especially noticeable. During the
rainy days, when the roads were m the
worst condition, they used less than a
gallon of water per mile. E\'ery one of
the four made the- complete Journey
through to Buffalo, and could have turned
around and made the trip back again to
New York over the same schedule.
"The steam generator, which is the dis-
tinctive feature of the 'White' carriage,
consists of helical coils of seamless tub-
ing, placed one above the other and sur-
rounded by a casing of insulating mate-
rial, and at the bottom the heat is applied
by means of a burner."
A. L. Clough, in the "Horseless Age"
for September 38, 1901, says:
"One point of novelty in this test was
the first public appearance in America of
the 'flash boiler.' It certainly earned for
itself the respect of all by the very cred-
itable performance which it made, which
was perhaps the most interesting feature
of the test. The future of the flash boiler
will be watched with great interest."
Hugh D. Meier, in the same paper:
"The majority of the machines in this
contest were stock machines, and most of
them were only recently out of the fac-
tory. Many of them, particularly the light
steam carriages, should never have start-
ed on this run. No matter whether these
light vehicles covered the distance in good
time or not, they were decidedly out of
place. Had they been in charge of men
not thoroughly familiar with all their de-
tails none of ihem would have reached
Albany. One Qf these light rigs received
a new engine en route. Boiler priming
was a source of trouble to most of them,
and no doubt the strong wind at times
interfered with the fire. From these trou-
bles the steam carriages with flash boil-
ers were exempt; their burners being
properly inclosed they were not affected
by wind 1 or weather." (Note— The
"Whites" were the carriages referred. to
as having flash boilers.)
"The schedule for the third day's run
showed that the 'Whites' started fifth,
forty-seventh, forty-ninth and fiftieth, the
last machine starting sixteen minutes
after the first. The distance was eighty-
two miles. The 'Whites' finished second,
third, fourth and fifth. The work of the
four 'White* carriages caused more talk
than anything else on the run. Their
striking snow-white finish compelled at-
tention from the very etart, and as the
run wore on they proved themselves as
good as their looks. Before the run was
half over their performance gave 'steam-
er' stock and water tube bolfers a boost
that put the gasoline vehicles on their
mettle. If they gave trouble that fact
was remarkably well concealed, and in
justice it must be saidHhat there is not
the slightest evidence of such a thing."
Dr. F. H. Bangs of San Jose made the
run from San Jose to the top of Mount
Hamilton in two hours fourteen minutes
in a "White" steam carriage— less than
one-half the time the same trip was ever
made in. The "White" steam carriage is
as simple to operate as an electric motor,
with none of the disadvantages of exces-
sive weight and expensive power and re-
pairs. We have no water glass to watch;
impossible to burn out the steam gen-
erator; no pump or fire regulation by the
operator— it being only necessary to turn
on and- off the steam, steer the machine
and use your brake in operating it.
It is honestly built of the very best ma-
terials and workmanship, all v of which are
fully guaranteed. We have, we believe,
the best automobile ever offered to the
market, which has been proved time and
again in practical tests. We feel safe in
asserting that there are more repairs
necessary In one automobile of any other
make to keep it In proper working order
than on ten "Whites."
The "White" steam carriage, uses lesa
gasoline, and water than any other car-
riage, has less expense for tire mainten-
ance and other repairs, and, -on the
whole, can be operated with far less ex-
pense to the owner, as well as with far
greater satisfaction, than any other auto-
mobile ever built. Is this what you are
looking for?
If you have had unsatisfactory experi-
ence with cheap automooiles you have no
one to blame but yourself, for in automo-
biles "the best is surely the* cheapest."
Our reputation for manufacturers of
only the highest class of machinery,
which has been maintained for a half-
century, is a guarantee of perfect satis-
faction. '
WHITE SEWING MACHINE COMPANY,
Pacific-Union Club Building, - 300 Post St.,
- \u25a0 Corner Stockton, \u25a0
San Francisco, Cal.* * ' "
C. A. HAWKINS, General Agent.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
li 1 a 1 \u25a0
REMARKABLE
SILK SALE.
Our New York buyers recently succeeded in purchas-
ing about' 3000 yards of silk at a tremendous saving — these
silks have just arrived and go on sale for the first time to-
morrow — at the regular selling prices they afe exceptionally
good value, because every pattern is fashionable and desir-
able — at the sale prices they are a bargain you cannot well
afford to miss.
Sale Item No. 1—
An elegant 27-inch black taffeta — the regular $1.25 grade — will be wait-
ing for you at the sale to-morrow at 79c Yard
(Not over 20 yards to a customer.)
Sale Item No. 2—
A io-inch flannel taffeta in light blue, cream, cardinal, old rose, reseda.
etc. — was purchased by us at a little more than half its value — flannel
taffeta is somewhat similar to peau de soie— a very popular silk for
waists — this line will be ready to-morrow at the sale at.. 50c Yard
Sale Item No. 3— ,
These are the latest lace striped silks— the stripes are I inch wide and
are in ecru, black or maize, according to background of the fabric— the
backgrounds are of old rose, turquoise, reseda, wine, white and delf.
brown and yellow — iast the thing for an evening waist, and one of the
greatest values at $1.50 New York bas ever shown— ready at the sale to-
morrow §1.00 Yard
NEW LACES.
Our new laces have arrived and are now being shown in almost
complete assortments — this is to be the greatest lace year we have had
for some time, and stocks have been purchased accordingly.
Black escurial. .chantilly and applique — all patterns, undulated and
festooned in different widths to match— from 25c to $3.00 Yard
Point d'Irlande and Batiste galloons in all widths and in Arabian
designs — cream and new burre shades are the latest effects we are
showing — from 15c to • $2.OO Yard
We carry a complete assortment of Arabian, Battenberg and Duch-
esse braids, with threads and rings, etc., to match — also -patterns of
every description for Battenberg work.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
Griffin Burlap—
This is the very latest thine for draping walls, covers for boxes, etc. —
conies in dragon and fleur de lis patterns — 36 inches wide — sells rej?u-
larly for 25c— on sale to-morrow 20c Yard
Figured Velours —
Our 85c velours, in Persian and other patterns, are the swellest
things we are showing for draperies and cushion covers — in order to
popularize the line we offer them at special sale to-morrow at
50c Yard
We are headquarters for sofa cushions, cushion tops. etc. — many
strikingly novel designs already stamped for fancy work at from 25c to
$1.00 Each
f XO7 '• J03 POST 271
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i liiiiii l»!iiilili[ y^liliif 1 > t "c«on. 1
III III m Y^WIe iSS IHf fofl^o^ *' Amerlcano Z?U\T\ e sood shoes profit the WM
li' l/l !M Su\wll ill Hi& ™ufooi?h* tW ° PalrS i Un<3er the frce t4 S de W sy S tem%"spI^P
' llinllB Mi H vu\ 11 siSsi Cat * E ° f th ° Amerlcan s y 8t «n Relieve, througli the or rr J|§|i
\u25a0 i \> III v % /Svi I \ v\ v-1 isiia ™ ore Er ° 0<3 Ehocs and wear more ot them lha " n °° nUy dre IB Hi
.-agSfci?***-^ £Zf\ THIUT\ QTDFFT C IT
| Second shoe store from Market.
[Friedman's Furniture |
H A TimTlYTr mpHllim Can't be found In Par*
I ±± Xlctppy XIltJLllUlIl i or Table styIes now I
H They are either large and massive or small and dainty. Prices for mahog- a
li any and oak up to $40. Very handsome ones $6 to $12; many designs. W
|1 "When carpets sell like this, |
U Laid on your floor, it is your opportunity. Gladly show them, buy or not: \u25a0
j] TflPCStry UrUSSClS se°is r regu1arly P for e 65c. this week 55C I
H TanPVtPV RriKCOlC Five P atte ms of a 90c. grade. 7flp I
h ld[JoMI J Dl U5MHO We want to make room; now /Ut 5
li AvmificfOPC Five patterns of this beautiful high pile car- I /A i
i AAll! I II J Lvl O pet that sells* regularly at 1.75, this week at I.HU |
I^^^^^^w^^^^r 35c, Oilcloth f ° r 25c. I
\u25a0•^^^^!^>^^«^W^wWPWiPir best substitute for linoleum; 25c. H
"The Credit House." Six Stories High, p
{ 233-235-237 |l^^mmimmMammmim}*™ Tl t22gf" Private* Ex°ch«n*e iTJkiah, Excursion.
BRUSSELS, Oct. 12.— A free flght be
tween circus men belonging: to the Bar
num & Bailey show and a -crowd of peo
ple occurred yesterday near Liege, where
the circus had been performing 1 . Several
persons were Injured and a number of ar
rests were made. - The fight grew out of a
quarrel between the Belgian ticket sellers
and the staff of the circus.
Circus Men Fight in Belgium.
H « reaf , ter visitors at the Kansas Stat« ,
£h? t S5£ lr3r WlU be cnar^ d 10 cents eiVh *
2£frrt r£L* SOes towar< * Paying the extra
guard made necessary by the visitors '
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— The season of
racing at Agricultural Park closed to-day.
Florae! ta won the 2:11 pace handily Jn
straight heats from Queen R, the only
other starter. What Is It stepped three
good heats in the 2:19 trot, winning witn
out trouble. The free-for-all trot required
five heats to decide the winner, which
turned up in Thomas R. Santa Anita
Star, a hot favorite, took the first two
heats, but could do no more. Thomas R
finished first iri the next three heats. . Fa
vorites bad a bad day among the runners,
Eonic being the only successful one. Re
sults: . j
2:20'pace, purse $800, three In five.
Floracita, by Red Cloak-Maggie H
(Judd) 1 1 1
Queen R (Ward) 1,8 2
Time— 2:20,. 2:21. 2:24.
2:19 trot, puree $750, three in five.
What Is It, by Dlrect-Lassy Jean (Mc-
Donald) - 1 1 1
Cornelius D (Mabeh) 3. 3 2
McKenna (Ward) 4 2 3
Solo (Buch) • 2 4 4
Tlme-2:19, 2:17V6, 2:17.
Free-for-all trot, purse $300, three In five.
Thomas R, • by Iran . Alto-by Nut
wood (Bunch) 2 2 111
Santa Anita Star (Tucker) 113 4 4
Neernut (Wallace) 4 3 2 2 2
Alta Vela (Hooper) 3 4 4 3 3
Dan W (Albertson) B dls. -'
Time— 2:16^, 2:16, 2:16, 2:16y 2 , 2:17.
Seven furlongs— Flanders, 109 (Romero), 10 to
1, won; Little Edelweiss, 104 (Hoar), 3 to 2, sec
ond; Abano, 109 (Burlingame), 10 to 1. third.
Time, 1:29%. Maf eking, Shannon Berrf, Kitty
Tozier and Ponsro also ran. \u25a0 .
v Mile and a sixteenth, Hotel Van Nuys handi
cap — Eonic, 100 (Ransch), 4 to 6, won; Rey
Dare, 115 (Rule), 2 to 1, second; Caatake, 110
(Romero), 4 to 1, third. Time, 1:47. Oscar
'idle also ran.
Five furlongs— Rio de Altar, 113 (Ransom),
even, won; Fine Shot, 106 (Matthews), 5 to 1,
second; Meehanus, 120 (Ruiz), 8 to 5, third.
Time, 1-.0OM:. Finesse, Rlxford, Gold Baron and
Clarando also ran. <
Six furlongs, selling— Reina de Cuba, 114
(Ransom), 3 to 1, won; Howard, 114 (Burlin
ganie), S to 2, second; Mike Rice, 114 (Romero)
3 to 6, third. Time, 1:14 V4. Heraldo and Bar
bara also ran. • , \u25a0 ,••
Favorites Have a Hard Time on the
Last Day of the Southern
Track.
IXOBACITA WINS AT ,
LOS ANGELES MEETING
During the first half .. although the ball
was generally In Reliance territory, her
goal was never in danger. Berkeley start
ed the second half with a kick-off by
Stow, which drove the pigskin over the
goal line. The ball was carried in fifteen
yards and given to Reliance for a free
The Keliance team, not having had the
same amount of practice as their oppo
nents, were more affected by the enervat
ing weather. Despite this handicap they
played a stubborn, persistent game. Weirs
Fleck and 'Erskine, the center trio, held a
firm line and few of Berkeley's gains were
made in this quarter.
ifornia football team in winning
yesterday's game from the sturdy Reli
ance athletes-. At the close of the con
test the score stood 6 to 0 in favor of the
students, the ball being on the clubmen's
20-yard line. The Berkeley eleven In their
team work showed solid improvement.
The interference was good, and time and
again Mini and Womble were carried
around the ends for substantial gains.
The clubmen apparently outweighed
their opponents, but the extra weight
counted for naught against the team work
of the students. 'During almost the entire
game the ball was kept In Reliance terri
tory. Several times Platt, the Reliance
fullback, was forced to punt in order to
prevent the students from scoring.
atF °. r -$ e Berkeley team in the first half
Mini, Womble, who played right half in
stead of right end, and Overall were re
sponsible for most of the gams. Overall's
long high punts were one of the features
of . the game. In the second half, after
the goal had been scored, Sherman and
Hamilton were substituted for Womble
and Mini, and Kelsey replaced Duden at
fullback. The addition Qf these fresh men
infused greater life into the college team
and the ball was forced toward the Re
liance goal.
STRONG interference, consistent
team work and the general good
condition of her players material
ly assisted the University of Cal-
kick. Platt punted to Hudson, who ran in
ten yards before h© was downed. Mini
gained nve yards on an end run and,
Womble secured three more. At this point
there was an exchange of punts, with the
advantage on the side of California.
Mini Scores a Touchdown.
The ball was gradually carried back to
the clubmen's 15-yard line, at which point
a. determined stand was mads and tha
ball, went to Reliance on downs Platt
attempted a kick, but tha ball was
blocked by a Reliance man. The ball went
to California and Mini was sent around
end for five yards. On an off-side play
California was given tan yards, which left
the pigskin on Reliance's 15-yard line
Duden bucked center for a yard, and then
Mini, with the assistance of Hanien car
ried the ball over the line for a touch
down. Overall kicked a goal directly be
tween the posts.
For the few minutes remaining of Dlav
the California team forcedthe^cfubmeS
back toward their goal. Hamilton, Sher
".^'\u2666iP se Z and Starr were repeatedly
sent through the line and around the end
for material gain. The gams was remark
ably free from fumbling, especially on the
p n rt ».* of w the , stud «rts, who made but two
slight breaks in that line, neither of
which lost them any territory
The line-up follows:
IfflSSfeS £3Sk R ft te
Overall R.-G.-L. £ e e , c *
Braly & Hansen. R.-T.-L " I": " Com"
Hudson & Starr R.— E — L DinVmi™
Moore & Hudson Quarter £?=t?
Mini & Sherman U-H -B "-R VTlson
Womble & Hamilfn..R.-H.-B -L VarSev
Duden & Kelsey Fullback Ti-.^/.i.VAtWn^a
w h t^i ffl <S !a1^ were: Referee. Bert Oli
ver, and timekeeper, E. J. Brown.
Baseball Meeting Postponed.
CHICAGO,. Oct.; 12.— Owing to the un
settled conditions in baseball it has been
decided to hold the annual meeting of the
American League in this city December
2 instead of next Wednesday, the date set
In the leasuo constitution.
Olympic took the kickoff and Cadwala
der eent the ball thirty yards. Fisher ran
It in ten yards but dropped it when.tack
led, and a clubman fell on it. After a
few gains through, the line Gammon went
around left end \u25a0 for seventeen yards.
Three downs netted the club athletes but
three' yards, and Stanford got the ball
but seven yards from the goal line. This
had occupied but a few minutes of play,
and It was the only time during the first
half that the Stanford goal was in dan
ger, and the conviction grew that Olym
pic had lost Its only chance to score. Hill
Gammon and Clay, the former Berke
ley players, \u25a0 carried the ball for many
yards' gain through their old enemy's
line. Each of them played like a demon,
and they, .with Embrick, the West Point
er, are to be given a large percentage of
credit for the excellent showing made by
the club team. •
Stanford had the best of it In punting
and in the handling of punts. -Hill, Slak
er and Fisher hit the Olympic line for re
peated gains in the' first half. Raltt
showed some - of his old-time form, and
Traeger played a great game at tackle,
both offensively and defensively. In • the
second'half he stopped, single-handed, a
playjln which the weight of tackle, end,"
both half s, quarter and fullback of the
Olympics was hurled at him. > •
Gammon and Clay tlie Stars.
There was nothing to it but Stanford
in the first half and the collegians were
chuckling in the expectation of their team
pilling up a big score in the second half,
when condition was expected to tell. The
Olympic men had lined up but twice dur
ing the week. Cadwalader's avoirdupois
made. the. whole line' look fat and 'wise
ones who were up in the terminology of
the manufacture of lard said the Stan
ford players would make "cracklings" of
the clubmen before the end of the game.
But the unexpected happened. Those old
timers took a hitch in their belts, got to
gether and played with machine-like pre
cision, and kept Stanford on the defen
sive throughout the second half. They
tore holes in the cardinal jerseyed line
and thev ran the ends. Man after man
was taken out of the Stanford ranks and
fresh ' players substituted, but the on
slaughts of the champions of Winged-O
were irresistible. This, too, with but two
changes during the game in the Olympic
line-up, one of those, being due to a head
on collision in which Nourse,. the Olympic
left end, got the worst of it and had to be
carried from the field, limp and~semi-con
scious. This surprising difference in con
dition does not augur well for Stanford,
though the collegians say they are on the
up grade, after a slump and that a few
days or a week at most ought to put them
on edge again.
ford eleven at Sixteenth and Fol
som streets the big stars of the collec
tion pulled themselves together in the
second half and by some of the prettiest
and most fiercely aggressive play \u25a0 seen
this season tied the score and fairly won
the honors from the collegians. • .
While each team secured a touchdown
and a goal, making the score a tie at 0
to ,6, the college boys held the clubmen
down to that mark with the greatest dif
ficulty and the superiority of the Olympic
team was evident.
THE Olympic Club football team
"found itself" yesterday. After
being badly outplayed in the first
half of the game with the Stan-
Cadwalader kicked off. Hill punted for
s Stanford, Olympics failed to gain, Gam
mon punted and Hill punted again on the
first line-up. Smedberg fumbled the punt,
but Parker got the ball, almost, in the
center, of. the field. Olympic ' bucked
slowly down the field, but Stanford held
on the 25-yard line. An exchange of
kicks gave Stanford the ball . again. Hill
punted and the ball rolled over the goal
line. Horan !ell on it, but he was off
side and the play was a touchback. Time
was called for the .first half.
In the second half after stubborn line
bucking and several exchanges of kicks
Olympic team work began to tell and the
club players carried the ball to the 7-yard
line. . Gammon" got two yards through
center, Clay was stopped by Dole with
but half a yard gain, and -the cardinal
line held on the third down and Stanford
got the ball on- the 5-yard line and punted
it out of danger. Kerfoot ran the punt
in 15 yards to the 25-yard line. Then
came the terrific line-bucking and end
running that ended in a touchdown. Gam
mon making \u25a0 the final plunge. Cadwala
der kicked the goal. Score: Stanford 6,
Olympic 6. ' •
Gammon Makes a Great Bun.
Immediately after the next kick-off
•Gammon shook 'himself loose and made
a 30-yard run, the star performance of
the day. Time was called with the ball
in Stanford's possession on the 38-yard
line in Stanford territory. The teams
lined up as follows:
Stanford. ' ' Position. Olympic.
Clark— Knight L— B— R .Parker
Traeger — Dole L — T — R ....'. Embrlck
Thompson Jj—O — R Plunkett
Hauverman— Lee... Center ....Bettison
Horan— Roosevelt.. R— G— L Cadwalader
McFadden ;... R— T— !• .....Clay
Cooper — Kuhru R. — E — I* . . . Nourse — Ble then
Raltt.... ...Quarter Smedberg
Hill— Smith Lr-H— R ;. Hooper— Kerfoot
Fisher...... R— H— 1» Gammon
Slaker.... Full .........Barnard
Dave Brown, Stanford '97. was umpire; John
Rlthet, Yale, referee; Dole, Stanford,* and
McGce, linesmen, and C. F. Andrews. U. S.
A., and William Knowles, Stanford '96, time
keepers. .\u25a0»\u25a0'•\u25a0»;•'
Olympics Badly Rattled.
punted out of danger and the ball was
fumbled by Olympic, and Stanford got the
pigskin on the forty-five-yard line in
Olympic territory. The Stanford men car
ried the ball down the field' by fast,
steady plunges through the line. , Hill,
Slaker and Fisher werei good at any time
for gains of -three, five and eight yards,
and in but eight minutes from the time
game was called Hill went over the line
for a touchdown. He caught the ball on
the kickout, and Traeger kicked a pretty
goal from the twenty-five-yard • line.
Score— Stanford 6," Olympic 0.
Football Teams Struggle on Gridirons, the Berkeley Players and the Winged-0
Champions Giving Proof of Their Superiority in the Game, \u25a0
STANFORD TIES WITH THE OLYMPIC STURDY ELEVEN,
WHILE THE STRONG MEN OF CALIFORNIA DEFEAT RELIANCE
Gladys, 16-3; J. M. Carroll's Master Clair beat
George Nethercott's Floodgate, 8-3: • P. S.
Price's Brutus beat M. Nealon's Achilles, 4-0;
Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor beat W. J.'Leon
ard's Tom Hurlick. 5-4; Pasha Kennels' Ro
man Athlete beat E. Geary's Fannie Husrhie,
10-S. • .-
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 12.— The Grand
Circuit trotting meeting scheduled for to
day was postponed on account of rain.
Trotting Meeting Postponed.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Revenue, ridden by
Clem, Jenkins, won the Duke of York
stakes, a handicap of 2000 sovereigns, dis
tance one mile and a quarter, at the
Kempton Park October meeting to-day.
Royal George was second and Ypsilanti
third. Twenty horses started. "W. C.
Whitney's Abeyance filly (J. Reiff) won
the Kempton Park Nursery Handicap
plate of £1000, distance five furlongs.
"Water Lily (Maher) won the Rivermead
Handicap, distance five furlongs.
Racing in. England.
Totals 29 5 9 5 27 8 6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
fiheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0- 0 ' 1 • 1
Strlckiett, rf 4 1 1 0 3 0 1
Courtney, 2b 3 1 11 0 4 0
Doyle, p 4 1 1 0 1 ,Z 0
Davis, lb 2 0 0 0 10 • 1 0
McLaughlin, if 4 1 3 1 2 0.0
Devereaux, s.s 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hoffer, cf 4 0 2 0 110
Sullivan, c... 4 0 113 2 0
Totals 32 4 9 3 *23 14 2
\u2666Atherton out for intereferlng with the
catcher.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 3 0 0 0 0 0-0 •— 5
Base hits 2 4 1 10 0 10 •— 9
Sacramento 0 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0—4
Base hits 0 4 2 0 0 0 0 0 2—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Jones 4, Doy'.e 3.
Three-base hits — Kihm 2. Two-base hit — Doyle.
Sacrifice hits— Householder, Davis, Deveroaux.
First base on errors— Los Angeles 1. First
base on called balls— Jones 2, Doyle 6. Left
on bases — Los Angeles 7, Sacramento 5. Struck
out— By Jones 4, by Doyle 2. Double plays —
Householder to Atherton, Hoffer to Doyle to
Courtney to Davis. Tjme of garne — 1 hour 45
minutes. Umpire— Harper. Official scorer—
Rutherford. \u25a0
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 12.— The game to
day wss a pitchers' battle between Doyle
and Jones, with honors even, both men
being hit -for four safeties In the second
inning. After the third inning both stead
ied down and there was little more doing.
Los Argeles won by a score of 5 to 4. At
the end of the game Captain JDevereaux
protested the game on the ground that
Kihm was not in proper uniform and that
Spits wore a cap that was not a uniform
one. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH, SB. PO." A. E.
Hemphill, If 2 • 2 1 1 5 0 0
Dougherty, rf 3 1 1 Tr 1 0 0
Householder, cf 3 0 0.. 1 3 -••2.0
Athcrton. 2b 3 0 0 0 2 10
Kihm, lb 3 0 2 1 7 0 0
Hall. S.s 3 0 0 1 0 1 0
Reilly, 3b 3 11 0 12 0
Fpies, c 4 11 0 60 0
Jones, p 4 ' 0 ' C 0 0~ 1 0
Kelly, 2b 1 0 1 1 2 10
I<os Angeles "Wins at Sacramento.
. The baseball game at Recreation Park
yesterday was as listless as it is possible
for a ball game to be. After two hours
and fifteen minutes of sweltering on the
bleachers the crowd left the grounds de
jectedly to tell their friends that San
Francisco had won again, beating the
Oaklands by 10 to 7. "Youngey" Johnson
was relieved after he had twirled a few
Innings for Ewing's men with but poor
success. Schmidt succeeded him in the
box, but the Oaklands were defeated as
usual. Mohler's base running was the only
bright feature of a sultry lot of playing,
the little, fellow hitting the ball well and
stealing five bags. Nordyke injured his
ankle toward the close of the game and
_had to retire, Wilson going to second and
Graham taking his place behind the bat.
Pete Lohman received a warm foul on the
knee-cap, but he continued in the game.
The score:
x SAN FRANCISCO.
„ " ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. rf 4 2 2 0 3 1 0 ;
Wilson, c and 2b.... 4 o 3 0 3 0 0
Hildebrand, if ..4 i 3 1 j. 0 0
Schwartz, 2b & rf.. 4 1 1 l 3 0 0
Pabst, ]b 4 2 2 0 8 1 1
Ivrug, p 4 0 10 14 0
T na £'.,?- S - "•\u25a0 2 2 10 3 3 0
J. Reilly, 3b 5 0 1 0 2 11
Brockhoff, cf 2 2 0 1 2 1 0
Graham, c 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 33 10 14 3 27 11 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 4 3 2 *5 6 10
llohman, c 5 10 0 2 3 1 0
Streib, lb 5 1 2 0 9 0 0
Eagan, ss 4 12 0 14 2
Moskiman, rf 5 0 2 0 1 0 0
Babbitt. 3b 2 0 0 0 3 10
Croll, cf 4 Oioii l
Dunleavy, If 4 1 1 x 0 0 1
Johnson, p 1 0 1 0 1 3 0
Schmidt, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals ".....37 x 7 11 6 24 15 \u25a0 4
RTJXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 0 11 0 0 0.0 3—7
Base hits 1 2 2 2 0 0 0 0 4—11
San Francisco l 4 0 0 0 0 2 3 •— 10
Base hits 3 2 10 0 2 15 •— 14
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 2, Schmidt 2,
Krug 6. Three-base hit— Wilson. Two-base
bits— Nordyke 1, Pabst 2, Easan 1. First base
«n errors— Oakland 2, San Francisco 1. First
base on called balls— Oakland 4, San Francisco
/. Left on basts— Oakland 7, San Francisco
10. Struck out— Lohman, Schmidt. Hit
by pitcher— Wilson, Hildebrand. Nordyke,
£hay. Double plays — Johnson to Mohler, Nor
dyke to "Wilson, Earan to Mohler, Knig to
Shay to Pabst, Croll to Mohler. Wild pitches—
Krug 2. Time of game— 2:15. Umpire— Levy.
Official scorer— McFarl In.
H. \V. Frank estimates the loss at $30,
000, $25,000 of which is covered by insur
ance. The insurance on the building was
$10,000, and a $15,000 insurance was carried
on the stock.
Peter Hauk, the assistant foreman, dis
covered the blaze first, and grabbing a lire
t-xtin-gruisher he attempted to check the
progress of the flames. Andrew Alex
arder. another employe, and- Foreman
Westerfeld, ran to Hauk's assistance, and
the three men fought the flames until they
were almost cut off from retreat. Togeth
er they attempted to fight ytheir way down
the burning stairway, but'they could only
get as far ac the next floor. There they
made b galluni rush for the front of the
building to the fire escape. The flames
caught the fire-fighters just as they were
near the window and all three were
turned. Alexander was so badly burned
that he was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where his injuries were dressed.
The fire department responded quickly.
Chief Sullivan stationed the water tower
in front of :he building, which was by
this time burning on every floor. The
tower threw tons and tons of water into
the building, but the fire fought stub
bornly. Streams were thrown into the
burning structure from every accessible
quarter, but it was found necessary to
turn in another alarm. After several
houis of haru fighting- the department
finally extinguished the fire.
Fire Tjrckc out yesterday afternoon ' In
the four-story brick building at 216 Com
mercial street, owned and occupied by H.
W. Frank & Co., manufacturers of furni
ture and mattresses, and before the lire
department go; the blaze under control
the building was completely gutted and
the stock entirely destroyed. 'So rapid
was the spread of the flames that three
of. the einployes of the concern who were
in the building at the time came near be
irg burned to death. As it was, they were
br-.dly scorched about the hands and face.
The tire started in the picking-room of
the mattress making department, which
is on the fourth floor. Just how it start
ed nobody connected with the firm knows,
but Mr. Frank, the proprietor, believes it
was due to spontaneous combustion. The
picking-room was at the rear end of the
building and in it were kept large assort
ments of hair and excelsior used in the
manufacture of mattresses. This, burned
like linder, giving the blaze a good head
way.
Open stake, first round— E. Geary's Minnie
Senkey beat George Sharman's The Doctor,
8-0; O. Zahl's OHara beat C. O. Petersons
Lady Nellie. 4-2; Star Kennels' Pickpocket
beat J. R.- McCarthy s John Doe. 10-6; A. B.
Curtis' Loyal Lad beat T. Maher - s Lord Goff,
2S-0; C. O. Peterson's Hauhazard beat J.
Cane's Greenhall, K-0; George Nethercott's
Hickory Dick beat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nug
get, 10-3; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat
Oeor&e Sharman's Chlcaso Bov, 7-6; Ed
>.'eave'» Weddtiur Bells beat P. M. Clarkson's
Miss Brummel, 6-0; H. Lynch's A. J. Martin
beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson. 3-2; Sterl &
Knowles' Olita beat F. Kerlin's Mike Wright,
lb-6; Ed Neave's Suiteful beat Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple, 7-2; George Sharman's Warship beat
Jeff Martinett's Slim, 5-0; E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha, beat A. R. Curtis' Bed cf Roses, 14-g;
Pasha Kennels' Flyaway beat W. C. Glas-
Bon's Sleigh Bells, 11-9; Star/Kennels' Fonte
noy bt-at Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening.
10-6; George Sharman's War Eagle beat M
B. Karnaugh's My Bonnie Kins, 10-2: A. R.
Curtis" Fly by Xight a bye: J. M. Halton's
May HempEtead beat A. R. Curtis' Lord Bea
consfleld, 7-4; Pasha Kennels' Roval Anne beat
A. L. Enderson's Royal Joker. 6-2; A. Vander
white's Flora McDonald beat P. M. Clarkson's
Sofala, 9-7; M. R. Parkinson's Ben Lomond
beat T. T. Mailer's Bad Boy. 16-6; L. S
Barre's Amedee beat Chiarinl Bros.' Lucky
Baldwin, 5-2; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat T J
Cronin's Killarney, 10-2; E. Geary's America
beat A Vaitferwhlte's Lear King, 3-0; George
Xetl.ercctt's Red Rock beat CMarlni Bros '
Santonin. 12-0; Yosemite Kennels' Mose beat
F. Jones' Dorothy Belle. 11-6; E. Reddy's Full
Moon beat George Sharman's Gold Bug, 5-1-
D. Tc!end's Pleasant Girl beat E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey. 6-3; M. Kealon's Aeneas beat
A. L. Enderson's James Lick, 5-3; R, M Cur
tis' Kioosh beat A. L. Enderaon's Alaree 8-2-
George Sharman's Little Sister beat George
Kethercott'6 Freda C. 4-S; Ed Neaxe's Daisy
Clair beat Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt, 8-3;
Ion's Agamemnon. S-5; L. F. Bartels' Ben
Bargain a bye; Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy
beat A. R. Curtis' King- Cotton. 11-9- B
Ellva's Master Rocket beat F. Jones' Harlean
The Star Kennels' young dog. Pick
pocket, outworked the Irish courser, John
Doe, a 1 to 5 choice, in the early morning
and Haphazard, following closely, beat
Grejnhall pointless. Greenhall's fine
showing In last week's stake gave the tal
ent hope that the one-time stake winner
would repeat his previous work.
P. M. Clarkson's Prompto surprised the
wise ones by outpointing Chicago Boy.
May Hempstead outworked Lord Beacons
field, a 1 to 3 choice. Full Moon beat Gold
Bug at 5 to 3 and Pleasant Girl, with the
odds at 4 to 1 against her, took the flag
from Ruby Sankey.
King Cotton gave a poor exhibition of
coursing and allowed Rich Argosy, his op
ponent, to win the honors. The King fell
when he had the score and before he
could make another point Argosy had
rolled up four and won at the escape.
King Cotton was a 1 to 10 choice.
Likely winners in the second round are:
Minnie Sankey, Loyal Lad, Haphazard
Wedding Bells, A. J. Martin, Warship,
Bonnie Pasha, War Eagle, Kly by Night,
Flora McDonald. Amedee, Vulcan, Red
Rock. Pleasant Girl, Aeneas, Little Sister,
Firm Fellow, Master Rocket, Master Clair
and Roman Athlete. The talent pins its
faith to Warship as the winner in the
open event.
Judge John Grace, fresh from the St.
Louis Waterloo, was in evidence in the
saddle.
Following are the official scores:
The rundown of tbe ei&hty-doe open
stake at I'nton Coursing Park yesterday
was productive of many good trials. Fa
vorites were successful as a rule, though
the ten short ends that were recorded
were at strong odds and consequently ex
pensive upsets to the players of first
choice.
Mohler's Base " Running the
"'"'• One Bright Feature of
:. Dull Play. Vi
Short Ends Score Well in
the Union Park
Rundown.
Oakland Loses, as Usual,
to Henry Harris 1 ) ]
Germans. "
Three Employes Are Badly
Burned While Trying to
Escape. :. :
The Prank Furniture and
Mattress; Concern Is
• . Destroyed.
Talent Picks Sharman's
Courser to Win Open
Event. .
GAME TIRESOME
AS THE WEATHER
COSTLY BLAZE
IN A FACTORY
FAVOR WARSHIP
FOR THE STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13,; 1901.
On Sunday, October 20, the j California
Northwestern Railway will run an Excur
sion to Ukiah, throughthat most pictur
esque section of California — Marln, Santa
Rosa and Russian River valleys — charg
ing only $2 for the round trip. Each
ticket sold insures a seat, for the com
pany will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. Tickets
now on sale at office, 650 Market street
(Chronicle Building), and at- Tiburon
Ferry. iTime of departure from Tiburon
Ferry will be 8:30 a. m. From Uklah on
the return 5 p.m.
20
ill VIGOR, VITALITY |
I ....FOR MEN.... 1
®~ ' MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS HAVE BEEN 1\ m
hood, Impotency, Lost Power, Night Losses, InsomnU 2
Pains in Back. Lame Back, Nervous Debility Head' S
» c . hc - Unfitness to Marry, Varicocele or Con tip" ion 1
iJiwfei^ GRA CBNTS ' §? ° r ug co^stnf^ll
HBBBMBBBBB!1BBB»bbbpbbm jng»M— — ____ SB
[ Che agent of mi scry )
Probably no other disease causes the human family so
much misery,* annoyance and trouble as catarrh.
Catarrh in the nasal passages is a perpetual cold in
the head.
The nasal passages are' stopped up and the membranes
are inflamed and the secretions reek with filth and nasti-
ness.
The air you breathe through the nose carries the poi-
' sonous impurities into the lungs— when you exhale the
breath the odor is rank and offensive.
How can it be otherwise when the catarrhal inflam-
mation is rotting away the membranes and bones of the
nose and head? When the sufferer lies down on his couch
the decayed matter slips down in the throat and on to
the stomach, where it interferes with the digestive sys-
tem, causing dyspepsia and many kinds of stomach
troubles.
When the inflammation becomes chronic it is impos-
sible for Nature to overcome it— Nature must have assist-
ance, and the best and quickest and most effective assist-
ance Nature can have is Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful
Medicine. It gives vigor, strength and force to the
blood, assisting jt carry away the impurities and drive out
the inflammation.
I If you suffer with catarrh you well know the nastiness
of it—^vords cannot describe your annoyances and neither
can they apologize to your friends for your condition
rhere is but one thing to do, and that is to cure yourself
of catarrh by removing the cause, and Halpruner's Won-
derful Medicine is the right medicine to do this.
If you have catarrh you ought to have a bottle of Hal-
pruner s Wonderful Medicine— give this remedy a con-
scientious trial. Because you* have tried other medicines
and they have done you no good is no reason why Hal-
pruner s, will not do you any good— you cannot judge
Halpruner s Medicine by other medicines— it is different
and hecause it is different is why it cures. . . l
Look out for the druggist who tries to talk you out
of Halpruner s— he cares more for the money he makes on
own preparations than he does for your health— de-
mand Halpruner s, and if the druggist won't {rive it to you"
telephone to Bush 463 and a bottle will be delivered or
call at 28 California street.
50c and $r.co a bottle— the $1.00 size contains three
times the quantity of the 50c size.
Free. Consultation.
» D f;. Ha iP rnner will be pleased to consult with sufferers du-
tne the afternoons « his office, 28 CallfornlTstreet, 8 " Caf-
"WM. de KRAFFT, M." D
\\^ f • -y., ' Paciflc Avenue, Alameda, Cal."
l[[Won derfijl medic me\
! \u25a0 #^& The disease of heredity.
'^^^W^^ ,i &!j| An unwelcome legacy
SHBft^ %'•- liWdifir handed down from
h llilillll ifili^S^^^S^ sis*© to son.
children Scrofula, a legacy 1 ' ri^--H/l^\ JiP 1 H • *
of disease, physical deform- fMEwife^J^I^M &\? /^^ & DieSSlIlg.
ity fj«
the innocQiit and dependent child, however strong the 'WBM 7JfM \M^W^\'
desire to shield it from the consequences of this blighting JfM, \wry l3?^/#||i^
debilitating disease, there is no possible way to avoid it. WV^W^^/^^^^m^^t \^^Mw\
The laws of heredity are unalterable, and the parent in M fWfe CJfe^^^^^^\|lMP' w>, i^^tt^^^^^?
whose veins flows scrofula-tainted blood, and whose sys- \!|P$W neIL J\\ 1 I I
tern is impregnated with tubercular matter must leave to ll/jj 'M Hf\ \\
posterity and their own loved ones an inheritance that *^^ -\u25a0^^^ V^ B! ""^"' r!^£i^^ /S^m \*W
robs them of health and ambition, and eventually reduces . \\k \\
Scrofula is the twin brother of Consumption. There is a strong resemblance : V'||\
between these diseases, and while the symptoms in Scrofula are more numerous and varied, /r^^SjL : j ! i \\ \
there is of ten-times the same gradual decline of strength and wasting away and destruction -*y \\\ VI >^^Qv
of the body that we witness in Consumption. Scrofula manifests itself in many ways, yj&w i (CrT\{
often producing gangrene of the bones and White swelling. The glands about the neck "^iry^^^^^^^""^ J}
enlarge and burst, leaving deep discharging ulcers and scars. A pallid complexion, brittle, ' >§?
chalky bones, soft and flabby muscles, weak eyes, chronic catarrh of the nose, violent
headaches and weak digestion are common symptoms of this terrible disease. Stunted growth, inclination to mope and lack
of interest in childish sports denote the presence of this destructive poison in the blood of the little sufferer. Again there
may be no prominent or marked symptoms, the disease hiding itself, and lying in wait for a favorable time to spring out
and destroy its unsuspecting victim, and childhood may be passed and middle life reached before the disease develops.
Scrofula is a constitutional disease and hereditary in almost every instance. It descends from father to son, from
mother to child, and on down through generations, and nothing can storj its progress until the deteriorated blood has
been restored to its normal state and all tubercular matter expelled from the circulation. S» S.S. because of its absolute vege-
table purity, its freedom from all poisonous drugs, can be given with perfect safety in all stages and conditions of this disease.
Its wonderful purifying and tonic properties make it pre-eminently the remedy in scrofulous affections, as it searches out
and destroys the poisons that have been so long and so firmly embedded in the blood and system, and sends a supply of
rich nutritious blood to every part of the body; and when the weak and colorless blood is again filled with healthy red
S^ppa^^ corpuscles and regains its natural strength and hue, all symptoms disappear and a radical
ffg&asgjk /FjttivI an d permanent cure is the result. S. S. S. is a most invigorating tonic, improving tie
8 CaZr^ \ &^^ appetite and assisting in the digestion and assimilation of food. S. S. S. claims the dis-
tinction of being the only strictly vegetable blood purifier -known, and no medicine ever
tow^J I fe^/_3 1 placed upon the market has met with such unbounded success. »No remedy has proven
y^***ZS C^^ar so e *fc cac^ ous > so reliable and safe in all blood and skin troubles.
' g # g # s. has been for nearly fifty years, and is to-day, the most popular blood
remedy. Its friends are legion, because of the thousands of cures it has effected, and it can be truthfully said of S. S. S.
that it is as near infallible as any human remedy can be made. /'
Parents who suspect any taint of Scrofula, blood poison or other diseases that could affect their own blood should
begin at once a course of S. S. S. and stamp out every vestige of the poison, thus insuring pure blood, health and happi-
ness to their offspring. Write us about your case, and our physicians will cheerfully advise and help you in every possible
way to regain your health, for which service no charge whatever will be made. Book containing interesting information
about Scrofula and other blood diseases will be mailed free to all who desire it..
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.FROM SEATTLE.
from New York.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Zeelann, for Xew York.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr L'Aqultaine.
for New York. v
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Bremen, for
New Ycrk.
CHERBOURG— Railed Oct 12-Stmr Philadel
phia, from Southampton, 'for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 12— Strnx
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct. 12— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong.
George W. Rice, the non-union machin
ist, who was clubbed and shot Friday
evening at Twentieth, and Howard streets,
died yesterday morning at 9o.'clock at the
City and County Hospital. Four men are
in the "tanks" at the" City Prison, held on
suspicion of being, implicated in the mur
der. They are William Buckley, who was
chased and captured immediately after
the shooting and to whom the evidence
points as the man who fifed the fatal
shots; Charles Donnelly, an ex-convlct;
; Thomas Moran, a baker, of 536 Third
street, and Edward J. Duncan, a union
machinist, living at 430 Brannan street.
The murder was apparently a cold
blooded and deliberately planned assas
sination. Rice, though a non-union man,
had not taken the place of any striker,
as he had been employed at the Golden
! State and Miners' Iron Works between
three and four years. His refusal to go
out with the strikers, however, led to an
attack upon him on Fourth street August
7, and in self-defense he fired several
shots. It is thought he -wounded one or
more of his assailants and that his mur
der was the direct result of that affray.
Every featuie of the attack upon Rice
was. dastardly. His assailants rode from
First to Twentieth street upon the same
car with the non-union man. The mo
ment he alighted one of them struck him
with a white oak club, shaped like
a policeman's club and loaded with
lead. Rice was unarmed and at their
mercy, but. as he turned to attempt to
defend himself another of the gang de
liberately shot him and continued shoot
ing after his victim had fallen, nring four
snots, three. of which took effect.
Buckley Modifies Statement.
When Buckley was arrested he made a
statement which the police were convinced
was not true. Later he qualified his
statement in the presence of Detectives
Ryan and Bailey, Warrant Clerk Burke
and.. Sergeant Duke after he had been
taken to the City and County Hospital to
be identified by Rice. He said, that Fri
day afternoon he was in Maloney's sa
loon at Brennan and Zoe streets with
Duncan, Donnelly and Moran. Duncan
said something about' there going to be. a
fight out on Twentieth street and wanted
to know if they would go out and see it.
He thought it was going to be a fist fight,
and after they all left ..the saloon they,
met two men, strangers to him. At Sec
ond and Howard streets they -stopped to
wait for a car. One of the two strangers
went down Howard street toward First.
Several cars passed them till finally a car
came along and the stranger who had
joined them said, '.'This is the car." The
other stranger, who had left them, was
on the car. -Dun(5an had .gone on with a
previous car. When the car reached
Twentieth street a man got off,, and as he
was stepping off the-'car the stranger who
had-been-on the. car hit him several times
with a""blg clnb. As the man- fell from
the beating he saw. the. stranger who had
told them what car to take go up to him
and shoot several times at him.'. When
Buckley heard the shots he ran and the
man who had done the shooting ran in the
same direction. He had seen the man who
did the clubbing several times before, but
never saw the man who fired the shots
till that day.- - \u25a0
As soon as this statement was made
Ryan and Bailey went in search of. the
men referred to by Buckley. They first
arrested Moran at his lodging house, but
he denied knowing anything about, the
shooting. Further than that he would
say nothing. At the City Prison thev
confronted him with Buckley, who said
to him; "Well, Tom, they have got me
and got me right. I told them that you
were there and that you would prove I
had nothing to do with the shooting. I
depend on you for that because you know
I had nothing to do with it."
Conflicting Stories Told.
Later the detectives arrested Donnelly
as he was coming out of his house at
Brannan and Zoe streets. They asked
him if he knew anything about the shoot
ing at Twentieth and Howard streets,
and he replied he know nothing about it.
He denied being out with Buckley and
Moran. He said he had left Maloney's
saloon with them Friday afternoon, but
after leaving the saloon he left them on
Third street and went into a saloon and
got drunk. . Buckley was confronted with
him at the City Prison and begged him
as he had Moran to say that he had noth
ing to do with the shooting-. Donnelly
then said: "Yes, I did lie to you ln the
first place. I was with Buckley and Mo
ran, but Buckley was on the south side
of the car, where Rice was. When we
got to Twentieth and Howard streets and
the car stopped I heard two or three shots
fired, but I could not see who fired them."
He added that he did not know there was
going- to be a fight, that he had been
drinking and Moran had asked him to
take a ride. Moran was then brought out
I#ittle Erline Piatt Identifies Him
Positively as the Man Whom
She Saw Fire the Fatal
• Shots.
Evidence Poiiits to William
Buckley as" Man Who
Did Shooting. r
Four Suspects Are Held
. for the Murder of
George Rice.
MACHINIST
VICTIM DIES
OF WOUNDS
from the Bakersfleld Californian concern-
Ing the appraisement of the lands in the
Kern River district by the appraisement
committee sent out by the promoters of
the Associated Oil Company. They are
given for what they are worth, but the
accuracy of the figures is not vouched for
The Californian says:
With but four or live exceptions the large com
paniea have agreed to Join the Incorporation.
The values set upon the various properties by
the board of appraisers is as follows:
In section 28. 28-2*— The southwest quarter.
$2500 to 16230; the southwest quarter of the
northeast quarter. $3T5 to $4887 50.
In section 29, 28-23— The southwest quarter,
$5312 50 to 6250; the west half, $5312 50 to $S250.
In section 30. 28-28— The east half. $4375 to
$5312 SO to (6230; the west half. $o312 50 to JSS59.
In section 31. 28-2S — The west half of tho
southwest quarter, $3125 to $4775; the northeast
quarter, from $750 to $6350; the southeast quar
ter. $6250 to $7500.
In section 32. 28-28— All of the south half.
$7500; the northeast quarter, $6250 to $7500; tha
northwest quarter, $6875 to $7500.
In section 34. 23-28— The west half, $625 ln ex
treme northwest to $5000 ln the southwest.
In section 5, 29-28 — The northeast quarter and
the east half of the northwest quarter, $7500;
west half of the northwest quarter J3750 to
$6250; the southwest quarter. $1250 to $3OC0.
In section 4, 29-28— The north half. $7500; the
south half, $5C<X> to $6873.
Rights of way, according to the reports
received through the medium of the news
papers of the San Joaquin Valley, have
been secured by the Standard Oil Com
pany as far as San- Joaquin County north
erly from Kern County. The sale of a
tract owned by the Stockton Savings and
Loan Society and situated near Tracy has
been placed on record. The line will fol
low the course of the Southern Pacific
Company until it reaches the vicinity of
the bay of San Francisco, when it will
head for Richmond. Charles Gorton tells
the BakersSeld Californian that Tracy
will be the nearest point to Stockton that
the direct line will touch, but if there is
a demand there will be a branch line to
Stockton from Tracy.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Ruth, hence
Oct 11.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Samoa,- for Redondo.
NOME— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr St Paul, hence
Sept 15. *J '.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr John S
Klmball," from Nome. -;-. "
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 8. • * \u25a0• \u25a0
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 15— Schr Louise,
from Umpo.ua. Oct 12— Schr Annie Larsen.
from Tacoma.
Sailed Oct 12 — Sdir Meteor, for Port Town-
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 12-Bark Prussia, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 12— 6tmr Geo W Elder, hence
Oct 10: Ger . ship RIckmer Rlckmers, from
Hiogo.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 12— 6tmr
Sequoia, from Fort Bragg*.
TACOMA-Salled Oct 12-Bkta Portland, for
San Francisco. .. . ... . . . .
POIXT LOBOS, Oct 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind -KW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 11, two miles W of Umatilla Lightship—
Bri* Courtney Ford, from Unga, for Puget
Round, partially dismasted. Spoken by stmr
Matteawan.
SPOKEN.
Saturday. October 12.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu.
Stmr Crescent City, . Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr . Iaqua, Gnndcrson. Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith, southern coast.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen. .
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka. .
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, Albion.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, . \u25a0 '/«-
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, Mose Landing.
Br stmr Royalist. Tierney, Bt Vincent.
Ship Stardard. Maclachlan. Puget Sound.
Sehr San Buenaventura, Holmberjr, Grays
Harbor.
Sehr Newark, Craturfe, Stewarts Point.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Oleen, Honolulu.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christiansen. Coos Bay.
Schr Marion, Topfer, Tacoma.'
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Grays Har*
bor.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, Bowens Landing.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 12.
Stmr C009 Bay. Nicolson, 3& hours from
Am tt port.
Pedro r W H Kru * er> Kros « * 2 hours from San
Etmr Santa Paula, McGovern, 60 hours from
San Pedro, in tow of tug Rescue
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 57'i hours from Port
land, via. Astoria 43 hours.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, 8 hours from Pig
eon Point.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 41 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. 15 hours from
U 8 stmr Kili>atrlck, Rogers. 30 days from
Manila, via Iloilo 28 days 10 hours.
Chil atmr Arequioa. Lee. 35 days from Val
paraiso; 17 days from Panama; 5 days from
Mazatltn.
Nor Etmr Titania. Egenes, 4 days from Na
na! mo.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorenien. 8 days
from Astoria.
Schr Ocean Spray. Halverson, 24 hours from
Bowens Landlrv.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 12.
Stmr Alameda. Herriman, Honolulu: J D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Etmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Hyades. Garlick. Panama: Panama
R R & S S Line.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Bark Haydn Brown. Asplund, Sydney; The
Charles Nelson Co. •
Bark W B Flint, Johnson. Kahulul; Alex
ander & Baldwin, Ltd.
Fr bark MacM&hon, Chotard, Queenstown; S
Wan^enhelm & Co.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Honolulu; G Lln
dauer. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Mattewan, which arrived on the
Bound yesterday, reports passing the brig
Courtney Ford partly dismasted off Uma
tilla reef on the 11th Inst. The Courtney
Ford was on her way from here to Alas
ka with a cargo of merchandise. Later
news to the Merchants' Exchange states
that the Ford arrived at Port Townsend
last night.
W. A. Boole & Son are about to lay the
keel of another four-masted barkentine
for Hind, Rolph & Co. She Is to carry
1.400,000 feet of lumber. The same firm
lias a contract to build still another bark-
Water Front Notes.
Steamer. From. * Due.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Cottage City... Pkaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Oct. 15
Olriffo. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Dolphin...... Skaguay A Way Ports. Oct. 16
City «f Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I 'Pier.
October 13. |
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm|Pier 38
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am | Pier 8
Santa Rosa... San Diego .. .... 9 amjPier 11
1'olnc Arruo.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
October 14. |
Pomona Humboldt ll:S0 p Pier J
- - October 15.
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orfd. 4 pm|Pler 13
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pmlPMSS-
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
• | October 10. L.
Empire. iCoos Bay .......... 4 pm[Pier 13
Eui eka I Humboldt Sam Pier 13
October 17. " '
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier .2
Rival Willapa Harbor 5th St.
Corona Redondo & Way.. 11 am Pier 11
Arequipa..... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
October IS. •
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
October li).
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Argyll N. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 38
October 20.
Santa Rwa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
\u25a0 TO ARRIVE.
\u25a0 Steamer. From. | Due.
Milton... San Diego (Oct. 13
Aicuta Coos Bay & Pt. Orforii Oct. 13
Homer Humboldt |Oct. 13
Proyreso Seattle Oct. 14
Eui.-ka Humboldt .'. Oct. 14
Empire Coos Bay |Oct. 14
Mnuma j Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. It
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 15
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 15
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 15
America Maru China and Japan Oet. 15
St. Paul....... Nome & St. Michael.... Oct. 15
Tellua Oyster Harbor ....Oct. 16
Australia Tahiti .lOct. lri
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 16
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. U
Santa Kosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 17
Grace Dollar.. San Pedro Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Point Arena... Point Arena ..: Oct. 17
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 18
Mandalay Coquille River Oct. 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Leelanaw. New York via Panama Oct. 20
Loa '. Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 2J
Alliance Portland & Cooa Bay..|Oct. 21
The Alameda had her trial trip last
Sunday, and it was a success from every
point of view. The following Tuesday
the white firemen were discharged and a
Japanese crew put in their place. Every
thing went along as usual until Friday
afternon. when one of the Risdon Iron
Works machinists dropped His square into
one of the cylinders, the head having
been taken off that everything might be
inspected before going to sea.
ln order to recover the square the pis
ton rod had to be taken out, and then a
small flat piece of iron was discovered at
the steam port in the steam chest. Marine
Superintendent Kingrsland of the Risdon
was still in chaise of the ship, and he at
once ordered the entire engine taken
apart. Four more pieces of flat iron were
found in the steam ports, and all the oil
pipes were found charged with emery
powder.
Had the Alameda gone to sea without
these things being discovered the emery
powder would have eaten all the face otf
the brasses, the steam when under high
pressure would have driven the pieces of
flat iron into the cylinders and the piston
rod, working at lightning speed, woula
have done the rest. The bottom would
have been driven out of the cylinder, tne
steam chest would have been wrecked
and the stout mail boat would have been
heipless. As tt is, the machinery is In
t-plendid shape and a quick run to Hawaii
is cssured.
•The cabin passengers on the Alameda
were the following named:
A. D. Baldwin. L. E. Beebe, J. W. Berjr
rtrom. G. Bertram, B. W. Bonell, Charles F.
Branschled. A. A. Braymer. Georse T. Cam
eron Mrs Cameron, w. M. Carpenter. D. J.
Cashman. Miss CcEtisan. T. C. Davles, Mrs.
Davits Mies B Dickey and maid, F. S. Doern
becker. Mrs. Doernbecker. A. B. C. Dohrmann,
E P. lx»le. Mrs. Dole. W. E. Eatton. H.
.Ehlere. P. Ehlers W. B. Ellis, W. W. Funge
.Jr.. Mrs J Gurney, Miss E. Gurney, 6. C.
F. \V. Hankcy, H. H. Howard. J.
L-utchlnson, G. Irby, F. S. la Crosse, A. E.
Llo.-d Mrs. A. Long, C. X>. Lufkin. Mrs. C.
F. VcKenrie. EJise Neledn, L. Reinert. A. C.
Rldgv-ay Mrs. G. Rockey, Mrs. C. H. Schmidt,
H. Sc*iultr, Mrs. M. Schuman, H. H. Scovel,
J. J. Sullivan. Mrs. H. C. Tabrett. E. C. Toie.
Mrs. J. Waller. C. W. Whittle. Mrs. Whittle
ar.d child. Mrs. F. T. Williams and two chil
dren and H. L.. Williams.
. - , x USINESS was lively on the front
llj yesterday. The Arequipa arrived
Vyi irom {. ; outh and- Central Ameri-
J \ w JJ can ports and the transport Kil
patrick from Manila, while the
Alameda sailed for Honolulu. A dastard
ly attempt was made to wreck the engines
of the latter •vecFel, and had it succeeded
it might have been weeks Instead of days
before the passengers reached Honolulu.
1 i EUREKA— Arrived .Oct 12— Echr Otella Pe
tober n h ° Ct 2; Btmr EUrek^' hence <*"
cisco!^ ° Ct 12 ~ Stmr Homer, for San Fran-
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 12— Ger stmr Se-
Bostris from Ilamburc. via Guayaquil? schr
Lottie Carson, from Eureka
JiSSfeg^ 12 ~ stmr Co 
fon^^r^cTfc^ i2 -Stmr *avarro.
n.«°£ T » B V A P L J :Y - Sailed Oct 12-Schr Fan
?or laiXan'cfsco 611111^ SChr ° W Wat6on '
F^ckco. 001 12 ~ Schr H D Bendixen. for San
VEXTURA-Sailed Oct U-Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for Son Francisco.
fr™ L i£ R^ o rrIVed ° Ct U-Schr-jrorona.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Oct 12-Schr J M
Colman. for San Pedro.
j^^ACO^Vl A— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Matteawan.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 12-Bark Abby
Palmer, from Port Townsend; schr Queen,
from Petropaulovski.
i«^ R Ji£ O^?. SE . ND - PaMed ln Oct 1*-Stmr
John S Ximball, from Nome.
Arrived Oct 12— Bri K Courtney" Ford; was
bound from :Everett for Unga; dismasted; put
back In distress.-
FOREIGN PORTS.
FREMANTLE- Sailed Oct 12-Ship James
I>rumir.-ond, for Newcastle, Aua. .
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Octl2-Shio A J Ful
ler, for Newcastle.
In port Sept 27— Br ship Kate
Thomas, for Victoria. : " .
Passed Oct 11— Br ship Belford, for
KIXSALE— Passed Oct 11— Brship Port Car
lisle, from Portland, for Queenstown
• FRAPER RIVER— Sailed Oct 10— Br ehlD
Largo Law. for Liverpool; Br ship Blythes
wocd. for Liverpool.
HULL— Arrived Oct 12— Br stmr Chin* Wo,
from Tacoma. . . \u25a0
YOKOHAMA-Salled Oct 12-Br stmr Gaelic.
tor San . Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 11— Strar San Juan
for -San Francisco.,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW. TORK— Sailed Oct 12-r-Stmr Patricia;
for Hambum; stmr Amsterdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Tauric, for Liver
pool; sttnr City" of Rome, for Genoa; stmr Um
bria. for Liverpool; stmr Itohenzollem, for
Naples; stmr British Priness, for Antwerp
Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Celtic, from Liverpool.
Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Bohemian, from Liv
erpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oet 12— Stmr Campa
nia, from New York. .
Railed Oct 12— Stmr Etruria. for New York. '
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Friesland.
Steamer Movements.
entine, which will be a duplicate of the
Lahaina. • - ......
he knew Buckley, and'he said he had "met
him earlier in the evening. He said the'
man who shot him wore a light hat simi
lar to the one worn by Buckley. While
he would not say positively that Buckley
was the man. he stated that he was rea
sonably certain that he .was. . 1
Rice was 38 years old. He was unmar
ried and . lived at 3353 Twentieth street
with his mother and .hree brothers. The*
time of the inquest has not yet been set.
In this connection the statement Is also
made that the Associated Oil Company
in Its prospective membership controls
contracts for 13.000,000 barrels of oil, the
handling of which alone Is a large amount
of business to start -with. Railroad rates
always come down when there Is a cer
tainty of competition in the near future
as an alternative, and tolls for pipe line
transportation of oil undoubtedly are sub
ject to- the same rule. \u25a0 Producers in the
Kern and McKittrick districts whose
property has not yet been made a part of
the combine are generally pleased.
Some Interesting information is taken
Men prominently connected with the
Associated Oil Company have been inter
viewed In the past few days. They were
found to take a pleasing view of the situ
ation. One statement made was that the
Standard Oil Company would do the pro
ducers good if its line was operated at a
low enough rate of tolls to- make it an
object for them to use It. "If," It was
said, "the tolls are too high when the line
is constructed there is nothing to prevent
the producers from • having their own
line."
There have been two matters of great
interest to engage the attention of the
oil men of the State during the past week.
One, and naturally the leading topic, was
the incorporation of the Associated Oil
Company to take in the properties of the
producing companies of the Kern and Mc-
Kittrick districts, an account of which
appeared exclusively ln The Call. The
other matter is the reduction of the rates
for hauling oil to San Francisco by the
railroads to the amount of a little over 8
cents per barrel. The latter is minimized,
although valuable for the present, by the
moves that are being made for a pipe line
trom the districts to tide water.
The Standard Oil Company some time
ago through its local representative an
nounced tnat it would construct a pipe
line. When tho articles of .incorporation
of the Associated Oil Company were made
public they contained provisions for a
pipe line building from Bakersfleld to
some point to be selected. There is not
much chance that both of these linea will
be laid. The chief Interest of the pro
ducers is naturally with the consideration
of their own welfare.
Associated Company
Has Control of Kern
x River Field.
COMBINE GAINS
PUBLIC FAVOR
The men have made so many contradic
tory statements that Captain Seymour is
convinced that they were implicated in
the murder. To give strength to his con
viction Erline Piatt, a little girl, the
daughter of W. J. Piatt. 2496 Howard
street was taken to the City Prison by
her father yesterday afternoon. Buckley,
Donnelly and Moran were placed along
side of three other men, and the little girl
picked out Buckley as the man she saw
tire theifour shots at Rice. She said:
I was riding with my papa out on the How
ard street car at about 6 o'clock last nijeht.
A eirl was Blttlnjr next to me and when the
car got to Twentieth street she wanted to get
off There -was a. man st&ndlns on the step
in "front of her holding on to the Pole. She
Doked him in the back but he did not notice
her. I then saw a man clubbing another man
near the car and the man who was Doked ln
the back Jumped oft the car and fired two
shots at the man who was being beaten. The
man with the club then ran. The man fired
two more shots and then he,, too, ran. The
man who fired the shots was the .-man that I
saw in the City Prison Just now. I saw-an
other man in the City Prison who looks like
the man who did the clubbing.
Donnelly was the man v/hom the girl
identified as doing the clubbing. . J ,
. .Rice made an ante-r lortem statement to
Sergeant Duke at the City and County
Hospital, which was witnessed by. Edith
McGillivray,' Dr. William A. Reckers,
John J. Prendergast and James A. Kelly.
He said: • . '
I believe I am about to die. To-nlBht I rode
out on the car on the Inside and a man who
waa.sittinE on the outside of the car KOt off
when I did and he shot me. My. best, impres
sion is that he was, a man of medium height,
about five feet seven inches and smooth shaven,
and that he had on a white hat and I thought
he wp.s dark complexioned.
1 This answers Buckley's description.
•When Buckley, was taken to the hospital
by -Detectives ' Ryan and Bailey, with
Warrant Clerk Burke to make a state
ment, Rice was not in a condition to
make a statement. They asked Rice if
Erline Piatt S%w Buckley Shoot.
and again confronted with Buckley and
Donnelly, but he persistently denied hav
ing been at Twentieth and Howard streets
with them..
Later Moran made a statement to Cap
tain Seymour, in which he admitted being
in Maloney's taloon with the others and
leaving it to go to Twentieth and How
ard streets. "to see a 'scab' • beaten," as
he said. When the car stopped at Twen
tieth and Howard streets he and Don
nelly got off the right side of the car. He
heard shooting on the left side of the car
and ran away. "He saw another man run
ning away, but did not know who he was.
He ran because he did . not want to get
mixed up in the shooting.
Duncan was arrested yesterday after
noon and made a statement to Captain
Seymour. He lives over Maloney's sa
loon. He said he was a union machinist
but was not ov-e of the locked-out men.
He sometimes tended bar for Maloney.
and he served drinks to Donnelly, Moran
and Buckley Friday afternoon. He de
nied saying anything to any of them
about' going out "to get a 'scab .' He
left the saloon with them and' went as far
as Third and Brannan or Bryant. He did
not' get on thn Howard street car with
them. He got on a- car between Eleventh
and Twelfth streets and got out at
Twentieth street, as he wanted to find a
man named Edward Angelus, who owed
him money. He did not find him till the
shooting took place and saw him in the
crowd He was on Twentieth street when
he heart! the tihots. Then he saw several
men. running down the opposite side of
Twentieth street into Shotwell arid a mail
carrier was chasing them. He did not
know any of** he men who were running.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13,^1901.
DASTARDLY ATTEMPT TO WRECK
STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA'S ENGINES
\u2666 :• \u25a0' . \u25a0 - ' • •-"
THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S REJUVENATED ALAMEDA STARTING ON HER TRIP TO HONOLU
LU. SOME RASCALS ATTEMPTED TO WRECK THE NEW ENGINES BY PLACIKG PIECES OF IRON IN
THE STEAM CHESTS AND EME RY POWDER IN THE OIL PIPES.
TO SAIL.
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Shall
We Eat
To Keep Healthy and Strong?
A healthy appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best. In
spite of the claims made by vegetarians
and food cranks generally.
As compared with grains and vegeta-
bles, meat furnishes the most nutriment'
in a highly concentrated form and Is di-
gested and assimilated more quickly than
vegetables, or grains. . •
Dr. Julius Remusson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality, should eat
plenty of meat. If the digestion ls too
feeble at first it may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets alter each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
will digest several thousand gralna of
meat, eggs or other animal food in threo
or four hours, while the malt diastase also
contained in Stuarfs Tablets cause the
perfect digestion of starchy foods, like
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
weak the stomach may be, no trouble will
be experienced if a regular practice is
made of using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
because they supply the pepsin , and
diastase so necessary to perfect digestion
and any form of indigestion and stomach
trouble except cancer»of the stomach will
be overcome by their dally use. •
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat. plenty of meat and insure its com-
plete digestion by the systematic use of a
safe, harmless digestive medicine likp
Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of
the natural digestive principles, peptones
and diastase, which actually perform tho
work of digestion and give the abused
stomach a chance to rest and to furnish
the bedy and- brain with - the necessary
nutriment.- Cheap cathartic medicines
masquerading under the name of dyspeo-
Bla cures are useless for relief or cure of
Indigestion,. because they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of
food. -
Dyspepsia in all Its forms Is simply n
failure of the stomach to digest food and
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
cure the indigestion Is to make dally use
at meal time, of a safe preparation which
is Indorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples, and all this, can truly be said of
Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets.
<< All druggists throughout the ' United
States. Canada- and Great Britain. sell
them" at the uniform price of fifty cents
top full treatment. . . \u25a0 . , . .
They were both invented .by a food ex-
pert and are made at the fampus pure
food factories of the Postum Cereal Co.,
Ltd., at Battle Creek, Mich. This food
and the food drink are both made for a
definite purpose, and there are thousands
of users throughout the world that can
testify, from practical experience, that
tfce theory ls borne out by the facts. .
."Formerly I had more or less nervous
trouble and severe headaches. I am glad
to £ay since using Grape-Nuts and Pos-
tum food Coffee I have forgotten what a
headache feels like. .My heart ls In per-
fect condition, whereas while I was using
ordinary coffee It would not etand the
heavy strain. This statement Is absolutely
true, and I do not object to your publish-
ing it, for it may bring back health and
strength to some poor being suffering
irom ill health caused by the use of im-
proper food."
There ls a reason for this. In the first
place, ordinary coffee will show its effects
eomewhere in the nervous eyetem— fre-
quently in weakening of the heart or in
ttomach troubles, which prevents one
from obtaining the strength and value of
food. It is. therefore, necessary to quit
the use of this drug, and ln Its place use
Postum Cereal Food Coffee and Grape-
Nuts Food. ,
"I accepted the advice and tc— day am in
possession of perfect health and a great
many medals won in different athletic
events. I can now run a race and finish
In fine condition, whereas before I started
cn the right diet I would find myself ia
a faint at the end of a race.
"Up to about 18 months ago I had been
In many athletic contests without much
success. I about made up my mind it
was time to step, but a physical director
of the Y. 2.L C. A- of this city advised me
to use Grape-Nuts food and Postum
Cereal Coffee as principal factors In my
diet.
Cecellus X. Hale of 1717 Barclay St.,
Baltimore, Md., now Quite a famous run-
ner, has had some Interesting experience
in regard to proper feeding. His testi-
znony ls worth the attention of any ath-
lete, or. In fact, of any person who cares
for good, sturdy, powerful health.
Was Not a Success Until He "Was Put
on the Eight Food.
ATHLETE'S FAILURE.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Free trial packages of a- most "remark-
able, remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost maqhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and .all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from • vouthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.-
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success ln
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages., will be com-
plied with promptly.. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to ..leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
Hexual' weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. ; The Institute makes :
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent afree sample, carefully sealed ln
a. plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested , to Write
.without delay.. .' ' i '.. . .. ; |
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
JOE EOSENBEEa'a
JOS ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBEEG'S.
H :^SvVvW)SS8^^^ dustrious women, who have been making your own laces, coma fc
,j| • - • Xvw'mv^^ '" an^ lns P ect * inem and you'll never make any more at these jj
J| pries*, beca'use we are selling them for less than you can buy the j
H im-dtu DCitmuc • - Unan and thread, without making them. t.
Q V/. nln READING. lot 1—12 inches by 12 inches, made in tha SP^p???^F£*v^3! 3$
I DIRECT FROM IRELAND. latest tace designs, never sold less than 95c, B§^fe£?#57-:J I
m That's where the best handker- t,._ i ___,,„„,. °,' nn 1 Bfr*\B!'^l2*S) 'HJ^IL \u25a0
m chiefs are made, and that's where his loss your garn 39c f^J^Whf/A^M e|
Eg these come from. LOT. 2 — 97 center pieces, 18x18, linen center and K\S?'^3"-(ti S
H 85 dozen white handkerchiefs, made firrisripl hrr donn hntiri MrnrV TiaHt>nh»Ttr larm te((2^?Vi^9j-"X $
g of extra heavy Belfast linen, hem- nnisnea oy aeep nana worK uattenDerg iac«, K£V^/l>vJa3f;« &
\u25a0 w """stitched; ~a~wonder for the money; 4 round or square, the way we buy th.e way we aeSKc f A^s^A^^9 §E
EjS .. •••••••.•••••••»...•«.•»•«•••«• Sell ••••.••.. ••••«...•.•..••*•.«•••«..••. nvlO ll^^'^^i/fcT J^fc^ i^^^fc^r )C
I MORE GOOD NEWS. ANOTHER— 210 Battenberg Scarfs, linen cen- V^\f^^^^ «
1 75 dozen hemstitched ladies' sheer ter or lace 2Q inches by 54 inches. The linen centers are made cf g
jjjl white linen lawn handkerchiefs, new- extra heavy linen and trimmed with, extra fine hand-made Batten- fi|
| est narrow hem. Our prices are ai- berg lace; also all Lace. -Others would call them bargains at fivo f
I LAST BUT THE BEST 0FFERIH6. do " ars - IccIracy-" 0 WMffMS^MB^ I
Kf o2o 1 1 A.In ID Jvii* li CJHT 1 Er fo, -made in mm«4««« H j.. AM 4.t.. M -. . •«-, mu... *.••*_. ... 4m *w~. ft
t» tho npwpst Qwi,, Hpcifr n «— nnfn and »*& Our constant advertising .ig?TT This " me " ls tne m
1 closed dtlrn all outtonhofed «P?P alra - Ladies' Silk Waists. C^l^ name of the best la- i
1 «tronR edled These handkerchiefs' TEsT made of the best Givenau S^HulP dies ' & love that ls *
i ire sHchUv soiled or mussed from sXfffiL sllk * affeta . tucked all *^» IpAL made. It la made of. g
I befne disn aved in nSr sK windoT 0WXx over back - front and / P lcked French lamb- |
§ Con S eauence y we had to mark £ //ffift ' sle « ves - New military Mif skin-piquet sewing- 1
€ 25c and 35c handkerchiefs to" 1 2&n /Shi1*KI front - with frosted S^t Paris point stitched i
W Z5c and 35c handkerchiefs to.... l^Vfee (miUfttt buttons; lined throu|h- backs. Patent two-clasp fasteners; i
» YflM HAN nfiNRRATill ATF YMIR^FI F W^/V out « P«"f e ct in every de- all this season's newest colorings. i
a IUU OAI! UUHUnAIULAIC lUUnOCLr \J y tal i. .-Made in all the new- Try a pair and you'll be convinced |
u After xakinq advantage of these est fall, colorings. $3.50 there is not a better glove made for e
8 rnntat rffannn* • would not be a bit too much for these wear or fit than these. Introductory &
« . vorser vnenngs. waists. Our challenge offer.. S3. 75 price Sl.OO M
I £® l^™* A TALE 0F L0W PRICES IN RIBB0NS - LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS AND I
1 &J best \u25a0 XXX English JOE ROSENBERG'S is known to WIRTC ARMIT flHF-HAI F 1
1 2C- sfteen-rustp^f front be the ribbon store for PRICE and dMnlOADUUI UHt-HALr. S
H v^2LN* Ktopia nr>wpct <jtrniB-hi- quality. \u25a0 4fiW r»othing -wrong -with 5
i riTsl , front effects desUrned- One of our * ood offerings. BLACK a/, pg these goods to cause a K
1 IffiSk \u25a0-SKh low bus't, long over VELVET RIBBON, satin back: J* MJJ8 reduction In fact there j
M 1 r^Siy>c? the hips, bias cut. hand- Width No. 1. 10 yds to a piec-.15c PC &L#$/#£\ L b . n^f, »>? \u2666 : ££
ft fasti/ - ' eored, lace trimmed. .fin- Width No. IVi, 10 yds to piece.SOc pc '^^^S «™^i ),' i m a < auc ; 1
U ished with a rosette of . ts, * v. v l^ff «Z 3 is not Sj
|i satin ribbon; colors, black and white. HflTlflF wMrMa tatitfs 1 ct awvpt h
H It has also latest improvement of the HUIIIjC. W/ j mg LADIES FLANNEL- g
Ifa new garter attachments, finished In- In looking- through our ribbon stock * u " •• 9 i^ , , ?• ma f ' ot S
EH side with an extra strong tape to we find we have too many all-silk a - n . s °%\ striped flannelette. Jjj
m prevent the corset from stretching, black taffeta ribbons on hand. There L° r , f „?! LSth mi Sv Ver ( fe
M If we would ask you $3 for this cor- is only one way to reduce our stock lars> rul1 len S tn « * ul1 width, price... K
' |g set it wouldn't be a cent too much, and the price must do it— *""oLV« rvvw^ln' I t""l <»JC |JS
m If- we are fortunate in buying a bar- \u25a0 Width No 7 yd 6c Farrell-street entrance. p
§a gain our patrons receive the benefit "width TCn' <>* v<i "*">*«» . U/C'l I Ull/C PfM n U/C1TUCD ennu n
J| of it. Our price.. S1.50 width No' 22, yd^'.'.i/.iic »t LL HAYt COLD WcATHER SOON, g
m Sale O'Farrell-street entrance. Width No. 40* yd..'.'.*!"l5c LADIES' SHORT FLANNEL- I?
15 ' thhtii *n i ran .: f ETTE SKIRTS, pink and blue check, £
Ktl : TRUTH-TELLERS \u25a0 flNPF A YFAR finished with a deep 9-inch flounce, w
m 'A « nu111 !r u ™-".» Unlit A ItAn wh | te cambric band and draw- B
Egs Are what some of our customers call The European manufacturers send strings. Our opportunity; his loss; I
gjd our advertisements. out their travelers to sell veils to your gain ..; 33c a
J^SiiSi^Vofri^^. sffiSdS^ira^^tJStfis hosiery— the kind that wears. I
S are manufacturers. • e fr th ,t m + h'f^J LADIES' HOSE-Made of . the |
•» 75 LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS- "1^™ TOey LS very best Egyptian cotton, black and M
M Made of good strong, soft bleached S?2£|o nwS fnd fk ncv meshes white flowered design. Richelieu and Irf
I muslin, finished with a deep flounce, JS*?' -Sd^thS? dotted affSSS- as narrow ribbed: also lace effects. An E
S hemstitched edge; also dust ruffle. P^ 1 !, 16 ,^ 11 " °*°; er i ,il 0 "v , f 6 Jz „ ts * ,, opportunity to buy hosiery at just S3
1 We challenge vou to buy the ma- inches long, just enough for a veil. O ne-half, a pair..... *>5e !»
I terlal for what' we ask for the skirt £mon« them some have been sold as , OIie "*"• * *"" r --- " -«> e f
. I complete. :. 5Oc ?£*£*« and Our w |?>° f l^" 2^C INSTEAD OF I5C. I
I KNITTED 1INDPRWFAR ................. ~, ss dozen ladies* col- *«• 1
m MIIIICU IMUCnilCAn. STORE NFWS — DETAILS WELL LARS, made of all linen, ffi I
•« Ladhs' and Children's Knitted Un- olUnL nCYTd UtIAILd ITtLL 8ta ndihg and turn ove^ \J |
| derwear for less than cost: ! . „ WORTH READING. S?hf~ : « SSn.?^ f&^i 1
M r€\" yP&rMVFg^ & C °- LADIES' EIDERDOWN DRESS- we b^vt your size here's } > |
Jl \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 &J3J °/ LI JPi E ,T AL HL£- ING SACQUES,^ in pink, blue and * chance to buy collars L LJ *
KS \kl, Y ," sam P le llne - Sam- gray 59c for less than they charge "^ y
II jH P^s, you know are, al- .LADIES' PATENT LEATHER y O u for laundering f...2«c each' B
m AfL IV ways better than the BELTS, the kind that will not y uu """""""le - SCMCfl S
M /MSJft goods themselves. They crack. .....25c WHAT EVERY I AflY NFFiW P
: £§§ / /fawfflX are slightly soiled from LADIES' CHATELAINE BAGS. " nAI clcni LAUI ""Ud. K
: Ha //itVr^¥\ being shown. We bought' extra strong frame, well sewed, seal *» CORSET COVERS— g
' KB VXW^Hfl/ them. Therefore the re- grained, black, brown and gray.50c «F7 AT PRICES YOU HAVE £
Mi V^MS!' duction. Nickel-plated SAFETY PINS, large V \U NEVER BOUGHT THEM £
§gj ' ' A FEW OF THE and small sizes, dozen 3c /TOk?f?\ BEFORE. Made of extra J5
PW MANY PRICES: , PEARL BUTTONS; good, heavy /i^friX fine soft bleached muslin. Jj
'US CHILDREN'S COMBINATION kind, all sizes, dozen 5c / A\'- 9 1/ \ ln the new tight-fitting G
Hi SUITS, made of Peruvian cotton. Mourning Pins, the good kind— 2 \\ Y.Wi/f J French shape: neck trim- gj
lH Swiss ribbed 25c boxes for a nickel. V<7nF\V/ med w1tn a fine torchon (j£
[M CHILDREN'S VESTS and PANTS, HAIRPINS— 4 packages in a box— /S^ l W lace - At S 5 * 5 you'd call &£
Iff made of soft finish Egyptian cotton, 2 boxes for a nickel. . %^ them cheap. Our way of fc
gfl Swiss ribbed 19c CORSET FRONT STEELS, cloth' selling 10c jg
iSi LADIES' PERUVIAN COTTON covered 5c ANOTHER made of the same ma- K
BH VESTS or PANTS, Swiss ribbed. IOc BOOK PINS, assorted pins in a. terlal and style, but trimmed with gB
£§9 LADIES' ALL-WOOL VESTS or book; also black and white pins in fine embroidery. This week selling sp
&& PANTS, Lackenback quality, known the same book— a nickel a book. at 19c ffij
m 1^^^.^- Ifir DnOEMDCDP 816 MARKET. STREET, I
I : /^^ O^ffilSS5n^o??fi O . n e < fr 1 5' JUt | nUdtWDtllb Ru <™"* tt^ A fo \ °'"™"/. |
I y!Ju ds Jar!lIV fi n r S y tpi 1 c e k O£aklnd ' SO Mail Orders Solicited. PH ELAN BUILDING. |
Suffered 20 Years.
Cured of Piles.
A. I*. Husunr. Alma, "W. Va., writes: "I
suffered frightfully for 29 yeara from Itching,
blind and bleedins piles. I tried many reme-
dies without relief, the first Replication gavo
blessed relief and part of a 50-cent box cured
me completely." For. sale by all druggists.
Little book. "Piles. Causes and Cure" mailed
free. Pyramid Drus Co., Marshal^ -Mich.SOME OF THE SIGHTS DEVELOPED BT A "NINBTT-ONE-IN-THE-SHADE"
SUN AMONG A POPULACE ACCUSTOMED TO THE COOLING INFLU
ENCE OF AN AFTERNOON. TRADE WIND. "''. '
; ' ; The members,haye spent the week issu
ing diplomas and certificates in conform
ity, with the; new law. So far more than
a thousand registrations have been: made.
The- work" has been' made doubly hard
owing, to the and irregular
manner in which- many of the applica
tions were made -out. The board expects
to be kept .busy for several days yet. ' -
The State Board'; <tf, ; Pharmacy ended a
week of hard . work yesterday. The; board
has established permanent headquarters
at the, College: of: Physicians and Surgeons
on Fourteenth" \u25a0'iand^Mlssibn- streets and
will .ke.ep 'office : hours on Mondays, Wed
nesdays and "Fridays,' from '10 a. m. until
noon;,' ., .. .- ..,^..\, ....*.: * : \u25a0 . v
the warning about too radical changes in
wearing; apparel." ":'. :.
OAKLAND,. Oct. 12.— The weather of the
last few .days has, been hotter than that
of, any..Octqber.'day;on record for many
years, j The ; thermometer reached 94 yes
terday and 85 to-day. The thermometer
at'Livermore stood at 8S to-day, with a
hot north wind blowing. No damage is
reported throughout the county.
Sam's . weather man; knew- something
about the sun's habits: in California after
all. •\u25a0;\u25a0-._: \u25a0\u25a0-... ; \u25a0: ;-,:~V '•:\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•"•'•-.*\u25a0
It* was 3 10 '.' degrees- \u25a0 cooler- at ; . 5 • o'clock
yesterday than at the same" time" on Fri
day.-- -.;;•:\u25a0 -j-.,.. r -v- i. ,,;.;,./ .-. ,. ,?.l.\.:.
'• "XtV'ihay.v"'be ; warm : to-morrow," said
Forecast . Official yesterday, "but
it \u25a0•" can't last. -The % wind -has already
.changed,- and I \u25a0' wish : you 1 "' would -renew
BO ARDv OF PHARMACY" 7 .....
' OBJE^S^ THE NEW LAW
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia
DrufgristB. 60c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay, •
'.M. H. Allen, alias John F. Wilson, the
confidence man. wanted for forgery. In
Kansas City, was turned over yesterday
to United States Marshal. Shine on, the
complaint . charging him with using the
United States mails for - the purpose of
fraud. His preliminary examination- will
be held by United States - Commissioner
Heacock next : Wednesday at 2 p. m.
ZTorger in Hands of Marshal.
Captain Thomas A. Nerney of the Naval
Militia, who went on the Philadelphia last
week to see that the several, divisions
along the southern coast reported on that
vessel, returned yesterday overland, hav
ing left the ship at San Diego. On the
way down the militia men were assigned
to watches with the regular menlof the
vessel and they demonstrated that they
\u25a0were equal to perform any duty assigned
them, and their proficiency was a revela
tion to the officers of the vessel. . Thoso
of the engineer division were highly com-
I-llmented for their knowledge. On Tues
day the Bhlp started for a point off Cata-
Una Isiand to instruct the men in target
practice. The Philadelphia will return to
this city next Wednesday, after having
landed the several divisions of the militia
at San Diego, .San Pedro, Santa Barbara'
and Santa Cruz. She will go to Panama
f rv^rn here. . . \u25a0 •; - • •
Captain Nerney declares that officers of
the war vessel enforced the strictest dis
cipline and that the militia men perform
ed every duty without grumbling. He
says tnat the cruise, is the best school of
instruction that the militia' has hart, for
the men are being made wise In\ every
thing that Is modern in the naval line.
The Jackies Receiving Instruction- on
a Modern Sfcip-of-.
"War.
CRUISE OF THE MILITIA
ON THE PHXLA2>ELPHIA
Malo and female nurses may .be ob
tained for all cases at any hour of the day
or night at 1111 "Washington st., R 317
Oakland; hours, 9 a. m. to 2 p. m.; phone
Main 788. All other hours. • Sundays and
holidays at 564 14th St. ; phone Black 281 •
Nurses' Directory.
Iron 3£en TYTnlte Grains, Wldle Strik
ers' Benefit Fund Is Increased
by Donations.
The. machinists' strike continues to oc
cupy the attention of the metal trades
men, although the situation remains prac
tically unchanged. Both sides claim ad
vancement in their light and these claims
axe not disputed. The machinists stand
linn, but on the other hand, the iron men
are gaining new recruits from the East
almost daily. The situation therefore of
fers little hope of an early settlement of
the dispute.
During the week the working force at
the Union Iron Works was increased by
about ia*0 men. It is claimed many of these
are union men who walked out in May
last, but the greater number are East
ern men. Other iron works and foundries
claim proportional gains.
At the headquarters of the machinists
It was alleged yesterday that a check for
ti 0,000 was received Fridav from Senator
Hill, the mining man of Washington. The
statement Is made that this makes $20,000
received by the Machinists' Union from
the same individual. The further state
meat is made that Mrs. Phebe Hearst also
cent a check for 110,000 in aid of the strik
ers benefit fund. The machinists In con
sequence say they are on easy street and
that they are receiving their benefits three
times a week with comforting regularity.
Following the order directing the pay
ment of alimony Smith commenced . suit
for divorce. With the granting of the de
cree the payment of alimony ceased.
Smith's former wife forthwith asked
that the decree be set . aside and that a
new trial be ordered. She also made a
motion for alimony pending the decision
of the motion for a new trial. The motion
for a new trial was denied in the Superior
Court and an appeal was taken.
Judge Sloss decided the motion for ali
mony yesterday and held that the fact
that an appeal had been taken suspended
the decree and the husband could claim
no rights thereunder. Hence Mrs. Smith
was entttled to alimony pending the final
adjudication of the case. .
Charles H. Smith, treasurer of the
Southern Pacific Company, must pay his
former wife, Josephine Smith, alimony in
the sum of $100 a month until. the Supreme
Court passes upon the validity of the de
cree of divorce which was granted Smith
by Judge Dalngerfield several months ago.
| The payment of the alimony was or
dered by Judge Sloss yesterday. - —
The Smiths separated some time ago.
Mrs. Smith Instituted a suit for alimony,
which was decided in her favor by Judge
Hebbard, who ordered the railroad official
to pay $100 on the lath of each succeeding
month.
As announced in yesterday's Call, the
Civil Service Commission issued an ulti
matum yesterday to the employes of the
city s government who hold their positions
under the merit system. The commission
sent out circulars to the heads of the
Xri"f? US , depar , tme , ats asking their co-op-
S5i c 1 enforc J n e the rule prohibiting
fi nnrnf^* 5 ® lo y es , f r oro participating
In politics. The circular follows:
The Civil Service Commissioners respectfully
nJ^» y^ Ur , I a L tent l 1<m -^ ruIe 16 ' Generkl Rules
of the Civil Service Commission, which reads
Participation of civil service appointees in
the spirit of the Charter, and subversive jot
the best Interests of civil service "
We respectfully ask your active co-operation
n enforcing this rule in your department, bo
that one or the main objects of the c'tv'a
charter may be thus secured. '
Commission Asks Heads of City De
partments to Enforce One of •
Its Rules.
STRIKE OF HACHTN1STS
SHOWS LITTLE CHANGE
Southern • Pacific Offi
cial's Former Spouse
Wins Point, j
CIVIL SERVICE CLERKS
BARRED PROM POLITICS
SMITH LOSES
ALIMONY CASE
HE3 official records at the United
I States Weather Bureau show that
I yesterday was the hottest day of
JJL the year. Ninety-one and four
tenths degrees Fahrenheit was
what the record at the United States
Weather Bureau showed as the highest
temperature. This was at about 2 o'clock
of the afternoon. This is not a record —
not even a record for October, but It was
warm.
It was warm. It was warm when the
daylight came. It was warm when the
sun disappeared for the night. Because
of this warmth Alexander G. McAdie, the
man who watches the sun and clouds for
Uncle Sam, narrowly escaped losing a de
gree or two of his popularity. ! i
When the sun turned Friday Into a trop
ical period McAdie was consulted. He,
said: "Yes, it is hot,- very hot; it will De
hotter. But, take my . warning, do noth- :
ins in the way of discarding warm gar
ments. There will be a cold wave. The
fog will come. The temperature will drop
probably 30 degrees. Our Eastern visitors
will all be laid up with cold. Warn them,
I beseech you, of the temporary nature of
the sun's fogless and windless reign and
bid them prepare for the chill to come."
The warning was issued. The Eastern
visitors accepted the warning literally;
When McAdie said cold they understood
cold as they know it in the East and pre
pared accordingly. In spite of the sun'a
early smiles they faced the day well pre
pared to meet the cold wave half way.
The ladles carried a fur or two and all the
men were prepared with overcoats.
"When the panting, wrap burdened vis
itors returned to their hotels yesterday
afternoon they, with few exceptions,
adapted, their wearing apparel .to the tem
perature. - A few of the; more. belligerent
demanded McAdie's address, but when at
5 o'clock the thermometer showed the ar
rival of the advance guard of McAdie's
cold wave they concluded that Uncle
The name is a guaranty of its purity— Jess©
Moore .Whiskey Is always right. •
The report of ,the' appraisers appointed
to determine the value of the estate of
the late Edward H. Sheldon was filed yes
terday. * They , estimate the . value of the
property -to be $48,000. . ; ; .;.-.vv
Sheldon "Was Worth $48,O0O.
The light-running "Domestic" received
highest . award at Pan-American Kxposi
tion for .'.'Best Family Sewing Machine."*
-The limit of time, as prescribed by Con
gress, within which these claims may be
presented expires on the 1st day of Janu
ary next. ... '• ; ; .
Adjutant General W. H. Seamans, un
der an authorization from the Governor,
leaves on Monday for Washington, D. C *
to effeel a settlement with the Treasury
Department regarding the balance due
the State on account of military supplies
furnished the United States in -equipping
United States volunteers during the Span
ish-American war. The balance claimed
or this account is $18,177 98.
He also carries claims to the amount of
$58,244 86 for additional pay for the Cali
iornia United States volunteers, from the
date of their .enrollment at their local
armories— under, orders from the Governor
ol the State— to the date of their muster
ing into the United States servlce,-or their
rejection by the medical or mustering of
ficer. • - ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0• ,'-,.,;.
Adjutant General Seamans Goes to
"Washington to Effect Settlement
' With United States.
ADDITIONAL ALLOWANCE
FOB STATE VOLUNTEERS
Evans and His Ale
EVANS" ALE is bought by thos» who seek
the best to be had, and ft is brewed precisely
to meet those wants. Sherwood. & Sherwood.
San Francisco, Los Angeles and Portland. •
The Department of Agriculture is also
Interested in the subject because weather
reports from the islands would be of con
siderable assistance in making forecasts.
"What the merchants of San Francisco
have so long been demanding— closer con
nection with the Farallone Islands— in or
der that' the arrival of ships may be more
promptly reported, seems now in a fair
way , to be accomplished. Congressman
Julius Kahn has given the question much
study and he proposes to bring the mat
ter up at the next session of Congress.
Several plans have been suggested. One
is the establishment of the Marconi sys
tem of wireless telegraphy/ The other is
the laying of a cable between the islands
and the mainland. Either plan would be
acceptable -toy the commercial interests of
the city. Here Is what Congressman Kahn
has to say about the matter: >
BAN FRANCISCO, October 12. 1901.
To the Editor of The Call: During' my recent
trip to the Philippines it was my good fortune
to meet Brigadier General A. "W. Greely, chief
of the Signal Corps, U. S. A. Recognizing the
importance, of having the Marconi wireless tele
graph system inaugurated between the Faral
lones and San Francisco, I called the matter to
the attention of General Greely, and the latter,
recognizing the importance of such a station
to the commerce of our city, has agreed to aid
us in having it established. This will enable
us to lt-orn of the approach of a vessel much
earlier than at the present, and in cases where
vessels are reported in distress it will allow
assistance to be sent promptly and effectively.
San Francisco has one of the finest harbors in
the world. The fact is recognized by all sea
faring men and by all persons who are inter
ested in the ocean carrying trade. • And yet
every effort should be made to supplement the
work of nature by man's handiwork. I am sat
isfied that the establishment of telegraphic
communication between San Francisco and the
Farallones will be a great boon to mariners aa
well as to all persons Interested in ocean com
merce, and knowing the great interest that The
Call has taken in this matter I a:n pleased to
report that in all likelihood the work will soon
be consummated. Respectfully yours.
JULIUS KAHN.
Mary Gesvret filed a petition in insolv
ency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court, her liabilities being $1789 23 for
board and lodging of herself and husband,
due to Amelia Fatjo. at 1306 Polk street.
There are no assets.
Petition in Insolvency.
Establishment of System
: Here Urged Joy[ Con
,; gressman Kahn.
WIRELESS PLANT
GREATLY NEEDED
Has been sold by Hon. Milton J. Greene,
Refesee in Bankruptcy, to H. Lesser.. He
In turn has appointed P. C. Kelly assignee
of all the goods contained In both stores
of the Golden Gate Clothing 1 Company.
Said goods will be placed on sale in about
two weeks. Mention of what this bank
rupt* stock consists of will be made later
on. Mr. P. C. Kelly, in order to make
room for these goods, will begin to-mor
row to dispose of every garment of the
Lyceum Clothing regardless of quality
and price. He will sell men's all-wool
suits and overcoats worth from $18 to $20
for $4.65 at the Clothing Assignee Sale of .
the Boston. 773 Market street, near 4th. •
PTh'e Bankrupt Clothing Stock of A.
Brick & Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
Ninety-One. Degrees in the Shade Was Yesterday's Mark and the
Delayed Arrival of a Cold Wave Causes Longing for a Return
From Beyond the Golden Gate of the Cool Sea Fog
MERCURY REACHES A HIGtf POINT
iH ESTABLISHES NO NEW RECORD
22
ADVZETISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
\u25a0---"STERLING FURNITURE 55 -"--
ij \u25a0 . . . \u25a0 ::S
It Come One! • Come All!! |
\u25a0 " . vvi '"\u25a0
B" - "B
b;: ::b
° * \u25a0 t H
B £ *^ \tm KB ~\M ra "^^ p3 • * m
B* / t|
0i FW • • H
£ • i!H
5 B
E h l B
E ' *.-\u25a0\u2666\u25a0
G • D
I • ~ I
g » Q
5 Guaranteed absolutely pure Silk Floss. Full §
g; 30 lbs. weight San Ramon Satin finished ticking. §
Si' Made in our own factory. ;. bs
E< We want to "cash up" an overstock of ! 1
I ! ; Silfo Floss and this price will only hold good \ I
S? until 500 mattresses are sold. 'h
B t 1
nt This is exactly the same material- you see ad- ! |
\u25a0J vertised in the magazines under the name of ;|
5| M .Kapock," "Easy Bed," "Resilient." etc, for |
§: 5
g: ;. , 5
ml . \u25a0 \u25a0 " \u25a0\u25a0
'I; - . ":j
I \u25a0 \u25a0 •, \u25a0 : \u25a0 I .. 1
\u25a1; •\u25a0 ' :°
g;: 1039 Market St., Opp. McAllister. Jg
H t \u25a0' '-. '...'_\u25a0 1 ! n
g t Positively no mail or telephone orders accepted. * ' H
Si " §1 \l
1: We're Still Selling h
Ij! Roxbury Carpet for |
i 75C a yard |
gj Sewed, Lined and Laid (Twelve Patterns) *h
Q \ -,,, g
EgEnnBBgEgnaHBgBBBHiSgagBBHBBgBB^BHHHBVBiBaHBHa
The following special lines of
NEW GOODS will be on sale
this Week.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
A neur shipment of ALL-WOOL CREPE DE CHENE,
CREPE ANDALOUSE and CREPE GLORIA, In all toe latest
shades for Fall wear. Gooas full 43 inches wide.
Price $1.00 Yard.
BUCK DRESS GOODS.
One Case (16 pieces) JET BLACK UNFINISHED WOR-
STED, mil 56 inches wide. This Is the fabric so much
In demand for Ladles' Tailor-made Suits,
Price $1.50 -Yard.
COLORED SILKS.
40 pieces NEW ALL-SILK MOMIE CREPE, the newest
material for Waists, width 20 Inches.
Price $LOO Yard.
30 pieces ALL-SILK CREPE DE CHENE, medium weight
and verg high luster, all the newest colorings, latest
material for Dresses, 23 Inches wldd
: # $1.00 Yard.
FLANNEL DEPARTMENT.
5 Cases NEW PRINTED FLANNELS, In Stripes, Figures
and Persian Designs. This Is" the new fahrlc so much
sold for Ladles' Klmonas, House Dresses and WalstSt
- Price 12ic Yard.
UPHOLSTERING DEPARTMENT.
240 pieces NEW ART DENIMS and NOVELTY CRE-
TONNES; hoth plain and printed. These goods are full
36 inches wide and latest designs.
Price 15c Yard.
III, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
A NEW DEPARTURE
A New,". Effectual -and Convenient
Cure "for Catarrh.
Of catarrh remedies there Is no end,
but of catarrh cures there has always
been a great scarcity. There are many
remedies to relieve, but very few that
really cure.
\u25a0 The old practice of snuffing- salt water
through the nose would often relieve, and
the washes, douches, powders and inhal-
ers in common use are very little, If any,
better than the old fashioned salt water
douche.
The use of Inhalers and the application
of salves, washes and powders to the
nose and throat' to cure catarrh is no
more reasonable than to rub the back to
cure kidney disease. Catarrh la just as
much a blood disease as kidney trouble
cr rheumatism and It' cannot be cured
by local treatment any more than they
can be. Tv
To cure catarrh, whether in the head,
throat or stomach an Internal antiseptic
treatment is necessary to drive the catar-
rhal poison out of the blood and system,
and the new catarrh cure is designed on
this plan and the remarkable success of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is because be-
ing used Internally it drives out catarrh-
al Infection through action upon stpm-
ach, liver and bowels.
Wm, Zimmerman of St. 'Joseph relates
an experience with catarrh which is of
value to millions of catarrh sufferers
everywhere. He says: "I neglectefl a
slight nasal catarrh until It gradually ex-
tended to my throat'and bronchial tubes
and finally even my stomach and liver
became affected, but as I was able to
keep up and do a day's work I let It run
along until my hearing began to fail me
and then I, realized that I must get rid
of catarrh or lose my position, as I was
clerk and my hearing was; absolutely
necessary. . '\u25a0\u25a0'-',
: "Some of my friends . recommended an
inhaler, another a catarrh. salve, but they
were no good in my case, nor was any-
thing else until I heard of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh • Tablets and bought a package at
my drug store. They benefited . me from
the start and In less than four months
I was •• completely cured of catarrh
although I had suffered nearly all my life
from it. ;•;,*:. .
- "They are . pleasant to take and so
much more convenient to use than other
catarrh remedies that I - feel . I cannot
say enough in «favor of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets." . • -'.-\u25a0 .
_A little book on cause and cure of ca-
tarrh .will be mailed free by addressing
F. A. I Stuart Co., Marshall,. Mich., and
the tablets are sold by \u25a0 all druggists in
, tbe United States and Canada. •
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hi&& i «*H^ •£- Wk A
* v_,i» i '
fi/C^d H \ **\ r e have Just received our biggest ship- ijgf^
ft Jv&ri 1 5^1* ' t Inents of fall shoes and can now give you the
tt*^tt3i* W ? ick of the scason ' s styles. This means much. a
Wfflmw\ Xsa H io . r this season might fittingly be called the $&EF
WsT&trti m ?' K^ °* seasons m the matter of snappy mode &J5ifc
»r m s^oes. Our manufacturers have, in these wSJC*
W^SmWr Wz3i\ nCV \' < r xclusive shapes, managed to catch the &3gs&
H§lw/ S^i exclusive tone which shoemakers are always
\l«8*b i^l <€%£> stnvin c: for. You will find represented now IP*
lfiii§P P Vfflk at ° Ur St - Ore '" a fash . J ? n able "service" shoe Wf%
t&8E#l ra l^lfel — °? e , w " ich - ilce a military uniform, typifies J» v '* :
Effisfa it ifiSl uscfuIn css and stunning appearance at the if-
f H *^ same time -, h is rea!1 y remarkable how much *"
W^^'^SL\\^i x mor « exactl v and easily these shoes clothe
a io ? th t n dld even Iast season's styles, -_
Kl JbmPL a^ • ,? 1 absoIute comfort one can get out of
t-^^mW^ l heir ultr a-fashionable forms. Call and see y
M^ ffliljf * how much better they are for the same
J^^^ \ ; -;\u25a0 —
-^T^JJii^' 1 xi io7~fiiJfearnyS17
IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE A
GOOD THING,
Provided 'the GOOD THING is not
all contained in the advertisement.
STUDEBAKER Vehicles, have, stood
the test in California for fifty years.
8TUDEMKE1?
RBPSfOMPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
Ha JI3 5 few Ba-
World Famous Mariani Tonic
A SMALL WINEOLASSFUL IS
; A LARGE DOSE OF
Health, Strength and Vigor
At Druggists .throughout the World.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL^
I/EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS -Rv
*lk modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD*
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms. Me to SI 50 d»v™
»toW week; J8 to $20 month. Free bathV hoi
rff m ?^va a to e r r ZS? 3F2i& *""'» * ""*
PIUES 5&S££?ffiS
B0 prominent business meT^'i-^S^
BOO cures la 8.P. For partlculara a.dd~«
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. CaU^tflce. .* ddr «»
/Unt Women
Think, because they've
been deceived in quality
and fit so often in gen-
eral dry goods stores,
that it is impossible to i
get a good black suit.
They forget that we carry
black exclusively, and consew'
quently — havinjf no other
color to fall back on — must
have the best goods, manufac-
tured in the most stylish
manner.
RTKtNNEDY CO.
1106 MARKET ST
THE HARVESTER RANGE
is unequaled for durability, use or
beauty. - We have a fine line; all
sizes; prices low.
We furnish your house complete;
everything and at the lowest fisures.
Sold out all our Roxbury Carpet.
Now we carry better lines and at
prices that cannot be met. As we
own our building, we have no rent
to pay, so we give you the benefit of
this great saving. We are close to
the new Postoffice. just off Sixth,
one block from Market, on one of
the city's great thoroughfares.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
.1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above Sixth, San Francisco. . *
Wi close at 8 p. m. every day but Saturday.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
\u25a0tor and Nervine.
- The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. -
The Mexican Remedy ror Diseases of the Kid.
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
«3 Market St., S. F.-(3end I or ClrcuSuij \u25a0King Says Nothing of Nations.
CHRISTIANIA, Oct. 12.— The Premier.
J. W. C. Steen. opened the Storthing, to
day. The King's message contained noth
ing of international Interest.
Another British Warship I>amag'ed.
LONDON', Oct. 12. — Another torpedo
boat destroyer, the Vulture, has buckled
in heavy seas while on her way from
Portsmouth to Portland. She had to re
turn to Portsmouth, where it waa found
that several of her plates were broken in.
The next message notified the deputies
that it had adopted the following resolu
tion:
"Resolved, That title 2, canon 13, sec
tions 3, 4 and 5, be repealed and In their
place the following be inserted: Title —
•Of Persons Marrying After Divorce.''
No person divorced tor causes arising
after marriage and. marrying again dur
ing the lifetime of the other party to the
divorce, nor any person marrying a per
son so divorced, shall be admitted to bap
tism or confirmation or permitted to re
ceive the holy communion until the writ
ten approval of the Bishop shall be given;
provided, that this prohibition shall not
apply, to the case of the innocent party to
a divorce for the cause of adultery, and
provided also that the sacrament- shall in
Jio case be refused to a penitent person
in imminent danger of death/'
On motion of Rev. Dr. Mann of "West
Missouri rule 12 was suspended and It was
voted to print the proposed measure in
the bulletin of the convention and to post
pone action on It until the house had fin
ished with the canon on solemnization of
matrimony, and then that 'this canon on
the discipline of persons marrying after
divorce be the order of the day.
The last message notified that it had
received a memorial from the Association
for Promoting the Interests of the Church
Schools, Colleges and Seminaries giving
certain persons connected with such insti
tutions seats and privileges in the House
of Deputies. The Bishops referred the
matter to the deputies, saying that as it
related to privileges of tfie latter house it
was proper that that house should take
the Initiative thereon. The message was
placed. on the calendar..;
NOMINATIONS FOB, PRELATES.
Rev. Dr. Jones, chairman on the committee
men to draw up and present to the next
General Convention a canon on the sub
ject of provinces, as provided lor in arti
cle VII ot the constitution. With suggested
provincial grouping ot the several Uioceses
and missionary districts of the church,
and that it had appointed as its partVpT
the commission tiie Bishops of Albany,
)-ond du Lac, Texas, Vermont and Los
Angeles. On motion the matter was placed
° Another 'meSge notified the deputies
that it had adopted an amendment to title
2 canon, 5, section 1, to make it read as
follows:' "If any minister of this church
shall declare in writing to the ecclesi
astical authority of the diocese or mis
sionary district to which he belongs hs
renunciation of the ministry .of this
church it shall be the duty of the ecclesi
astical authority to record the declaration
so made, and thereupon," etc., as at pres
ent provided. The matter was referred to
A third 'message notified that the Bish
ops had adopted a resolution for the ap
pointment of a joint committee consisting
of three Bishops, three presbyters and
three laymen to consider the whole mat
ter of the translation of Bishops and re
port to the next General Convention, and
that thev had appointed on the committee
on the&par? tfie Bishops of. New York.
Maryland and the Coadjutor Bishop of
Southern Ohio. The house concurred in
The fourth message notified 'that the
Bishops had adopted a resolution request
ing the Bishop of Oregon to furnish a
copy of the sermon preached by him at
the opening of the convention and that
1500 copies of it be printed for the use of
the convention. . ' -
\u25a0 On motion the matter was referred to
the committee on expenses.
IT was a quiet day in the House of
Bishops yesterday. It being Satur
day and extremely warm, the ses
, sion was shorter than usual. Dur
ing the session it was voted -to ap
point a joint commission of five
Bishop?,- five presbyters and five
laymen to draw up and present to the
next General Convention a canon on the
subject of provinces as provided for in
article 7 of the constitution, with sug
gested provincial grouping of the several
dioceses and -missionary districts of the
church. The committee appointed con
sisted of the Bishops of Vermont, Fond
du Lac, Texas and Los Angeles.
Bishop Morris of Oregon was requested
to furnish the secretary with the manu
script of his sermon delivered , on the
opening of the convention. It Is to be
printed and 1500 copies are to be distrib
uted among the members of both houses.
The House of Bishops also adopted an
amendment to title 2 of canon 5. It reads
as follows: "If any minister of this church
shall declare in writing to the ecclesiasti
cal of the diocese or missionary district
to which he belongs his renunciation of
the ministry of this church it shall be the
duty of the ecclesiastical authority to re
cord the declaration so made, and there
upon, etc."
The Bishops decided to take up such
portions of the proposed revision of the
canon which they consider expressly ur
gent at this time.
The House passed upon an amendment
to the constitution granting Bishops who
have resigned from infirmities or old age
an honorary seat in their House.
A committee composed of the Bishops
of -Dakota, Delaware and Iowa was ap
pointed to consider the matter of pro
hibitive degree of marriage.
A resolution was passed to have a joint
committee composed of five Bishops, five
deputies and five laymen to compose th3
Board of Managers of tha Board 01 Mis
sions. The five Bishops appointed' are
the representatives of Virginia. Central
Pennsylvania,. Lexington and Washing
ton.
the deputi.es at 12 m. for consideration of the
subject of Christian education.
A message waa received from the House of
Bishops notifying the deputies of the adoption
of a resolution to amend article II. section 2
of the constitution, making it read' as follows: [
••Kvery Bishop of this church having Juris
diction, every Elshop coadjutor and every
Bishop who by reason of advanced age or
bodily Infirmity has resigned his jurisdiction,
shall have a seat and a vote in the House of
Bishops. A majority of all Bishops entitled
to vote, exclusive of foreign missionary Bish
ops and of Bishops who have resigned their
jurisdictions, shall be necessary to constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business."
A frecend messase from the House of Bishops
notified the deputies of the adoption of a reso
lution for the appointment of a Joint commit
tee of five BishoDs, five .presbyters and -five
laymen to nominate a board of managers of
the Domestic and Foreiicn Missionary Society
and members of the Missionary Council, and
that they hnJ appointed as their representa
tives • n ><uch committee the Bls!feos of Mon
tana. Central Pennsylvania. Le-.ncton and
Washington and the Bishop Coadjutor of Vir
ginia.
EEPORTQN MARGINAL READING
Rev. Dr.' "Mann of West M^sourl.' from the
committee on -conference o.: marginal read-
on consecration of Bishops, reported upon the
nominations of the five presbyters to the mis
sionary Bishops, and asked that the conven-»
tion act u;>on them. The house will discuss the
fitness of the men chosen to.-morrow afternoon
at 3 o'clock with closed doors.
Rev. Dr. Huntlngton of New York, chairman
of the committee on amendments to the con
stitution, reported upon various amendments.
It found the amendment offered by Rev. Dr.
Fulton to have certain .words • inserted in the
daily lessons to be unnecessary. It reported
favorably on the resolution offered by a dep
uty from Nebraska to amend the section of
the constitution relative ; to the election of a
presiding Bishop, and - asked the concurrence
of -the House of Bishops In the election of such
an- officer. The matter went on the calendar
for discussion. .\u25a0.•'\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 ' ",
The amendment offered by Rev. Dr. Gilbert
of Springfield, fixing a time when articles of
the constitution went into effect, was declared
unnecessary, as it was already provided . that
an article of the constitution went into effect
when it was adopted. . v \u25a0
AMENDMENTS ACTED UPON.
The committee also reported that the amend
ment offered by a deputy . to have the vote
recorded by units was inexpedient, as was also
the amendment offered by Rev. Dr. McDonald
to article 10 of the constitution.
The amendment to article 10 of the constitu
tion by Rev. Dr. McKim or Washington
was acted upon favorably. The • amendment
offered at the last . general convention by
the Rev. Dr. Huntlngton relative to granting
a privilege to certain congregations to hold
different, forms of worship created.no end of
discussion. . In the end the matter was ordered
to go on the calendar for action. Upon motion
of Dr. Egar of Central New York the report,
when corrected by the committee on amend
ments, will be printed and distributed among
the members. ...
Rev. Dr. Bliss of Vermont, under suspension
of the rules, \u25a0 Introduced a resolution, which
was adopted tnvltlnsr the Bishops to meet with
3£en of the Ninth. Infantry Who Fell
in Balingaga Fight Will
Hecover.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— General Chaf
fee sends the following . list of names of
soldiers of Company C, Ninth Infantry,
wounded at the Balingaga fight, Septem
ber 28:
Corporal James Pickett. wounded In abdo
men, serious; Henry Class, wounded in back,
eerfous; Ernest U. Ralfton, severe; Henry W.
Mandre, wounded in arm, serious; John Uhtop,
wounded in chest, serious; George E. Meyers,
•wounded in back, slight; Sergeant John C.
Blosson, scalp, ear, severe: Albert B. Keller,
hip, 6evere; Charles F. Mark, wounded in arm,
moderate; William J. Glbbs, moderate; Melvln
M. Wells, wounded in chert, slight; Corporal
Arnold Irish, wounded In ehoulder, moderate;
Albert de Graffenreid. ear, severe; Clifford N.
Mumby elbow, slight; Sergeant Frank Betron,
i in the thigh, slight; Aflolph Gamlin,
J wounded In head, serious; Richard Considine,
elbow slight; Corporal Sylvester Burke, eye,
Slight; George Allen, finger, Blight. All will re
cover. \u25a0'"
Died from wounds received in action. October
£, Cornelius F. Dcnohue.
CHAFFEE SENDS NAMES
OF WOUNDED SOLDIEBS
D.D., Bishop of Tennessee.
GRACE: Morning — The Rt. Rev.* William C.
Donne, D.D.. Bishop of Albany. Evening — The Rt.
Rev.' William Nellson McVIcker, Bishop Coadjutor,
Rhode Island.
ST. JOHN'S: Morning — The Rt. Rev. Arthur C.
A. Hall, D.D., Bishop of .Vermont. Sermon to con
vention of "Brotherhood of St. Andrew." Even
ing—Missionary service.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN* ASSOCIATION: Grand
Union Mass Meeting. 3 p. m. — Bishop Klnsolving
of Brazil.
KING'S DAUGHTERS' HOME, 317 Francisco
street, near Powell: 3 p. m.— Bishop Morrison of
Dnluth. ... -
AFRICAX METHODIST ZION CHURCH, SOS Stock
ton ntreett Bishop Holly of Haiti will preach at
11 a. in.
Sermons will also be preached in Episcopal
churches in Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
ALHAMBBA THBATBK, 3 p. m.l Mass meeting
of Brotherhood of St. Andrew.
IN the pulpit* of the Episcopal chnrehcB of this
city, sermon* Will be preached to-day by lead
lug- cleric* of the denomination.
The folio-wins; Is a lint of the churches, the \u25a0
pulpit* of which will be filled by visiting pre
lates and clerics:
ST. LUKE'S: Morning The Lord Bishop -of Brit
inh Columbia. Bveninc "Brotherhood of St. An
drew" service?. Prominent laymen will speak:.
ST. MARY THE VIRG1X: Morning — The Ut. Rev.
John McKim, D.D., Bishop of Tokio.
ST l'AUI-.*S: MornlnR The lit. Rev. John Scar
borough, D.D., Bishop of New Jersey.
ST. PETER'S: Morn Ins— The Rt; Rer. Abiel
Leonard. S. T. D.. Bishop of Salt Lake. Evening
Tlle ut. Ker. Arthur C. A. Hall, D.LK, Bishop of
Vermont.
ST. STEPHEN'S: Morning: — The Rt. Rev. Ethel
bert Talbot, D.D.. Bishop of Central Pennsyl
vania. 7»45 p. ni. — Atldrenses by Bishops Leonard
of Salt Lake, Kunsten of Boise, and "Wells of Sl»o-
Evening — The Rt. Rev. T. F. Gallor,/
PRELATES TO OCCUPY PULPITS TO=DAV.
Music in the Park.
FoHowing is u.e programme that will be
rendered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Overture, "Bronze Horse" Auber
•'Dance Japonlca" S. Stanford
Selection, "Lucia" Donizetti
••Gambrinus Polka".*". Blai
Mosciqufr, '•Monks of Malabar" Enplander
Overture. "William Tell" Kossini
"Prolude from Manfred" Renike
"j'Themes from RiROletto" Verdi
7'learts and Flowers" Tobanl
-f.';.rch. "Good-by, Dollie Gray," introducing
y "lly Little Southern Queen" Chattaway
Several messages were received from
the House of Bishops at this point. The
first informed the deputies that it ha;l
voted to appoint a joint commission of
five BlEhops, five presbyters and five lay-
MESSAGES FROM BISHOPS.
Deputy Woolworth gave a lucid expla
nation of the new rule. Mr. Packard of
Maryland followed and said the rule was
one that had heen tried and never found
wanting. He said the trouble with the
existing rule was that thereunder the
house was compelled to vote blindly. He
said It was not a new experiment, but
was a rule w'/iich had been found useful
In all large parliamentary bodies. -
The motion on the amendment was then
put and was carried.
The committae further reported that It
had under consideration the two resolu
tions offered by Rev. Dr. Arnold relative
to delegates from missionary districts and
conventions in foreign lands having seats
In the general convention. He offered a
resolution asking that the committee be
discharged, as it had no province in the
matter. The request was granted.
Senator Withers of Southern Virginia
said the rule was drawn up for the ex
pediency of the house. He admitted it
was not according to parliamentary
usage. —
Deputy Bassett of Maryland in discuss
ing the report of the committee on rules
of order said that rule 13 as it at present
exists Is a wise provision and that the re
port of the committee violates it. He
suggested that as it contained a serious
defect it ought to be recast:
Deputy Woolworth of Nebraska, from
the committee on rules of order, present
ed an amendment to rule 11, with a view
to the more orderly dispatch of business.
The amendment was adopted. The com
mittee also recommended that rule 13 be
amended to read as follows: "When a
motion or proposition is under considera
tion a motion to amend and a motion to
amend that amendment shall be in or
der; and it shall also be in order to offer
an amendment, and it shall also be in or
der to offer a further amendment, by way
of substitute, to which one amendment
may be offered, but which shall not be
voted on until the original matter is per
fected, but either may be withdrawn by
the mover, witli the consent of his sec
ond, before amendment or decision is had
thereon. No proposition not germane to
the subject under consideration shall be
received under eoler of an amendment or
substitute."
RULES ARE CHANGED.
Co<T»mon Prayer into the
Swedish language. The committee con
sists of the Rev. O. A. Jeffries of Minne
sota, Rev. C.'A. Nybadh of Quincy, Pro
fessor R. J. Ely of Wisconsin and Pro
fessor J. F. W. Woodbridge of Minne
apolis.
The committee on elections reported
that it had examined into the petition of
Charles H. Smith of New York to be seat
ed as a deputy, and decided not to grant
his request. The committee was dis
charged.
AT the outset of the morning
session of the House of Depu
ties yesterday Chairman Lind
say read the names of the
joint committee to prepare a
translation of the Book of
SCENES ON THE FERRY-BOAT BERKELEY DURING THE BAY OUTING OF THE MEMBERS OF THE EPIS
COPAL CONVENTION NOW HOLDING ITS SESSIONS IN THIS CITY, AND PHOTOGRAPHS OF DISTIN
GUISHED REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CHURCH.
Routine Business Is
Transacted by
Deputies.
New Board Nominated
by House of
Bishops. .
APPOINTEES
TO CONTROL
MISSIONS
CONVENTION
TO CHANGE
ITS RULES
The session of the House of Bishops was
also a light one. Amendments to the con
stitution were acted upon and sent to the
House of Deputies for concurrence. A
committee was appointed on provinces
and instructed to report to the next Gen
eral Convention. A board of managers of
the Boards of Missions was also appointed.
It was decided that a Bishop who had re
signed because of age or infirmities was
entitled to a seat in the House of Bishops
as an honorary member.
In the afternoon the majority of the
members of the convention accented the
Invitation of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company and enjoyed a trip around
the bay on the ferryboat Berkeley.
A number of the convention members,
accompanied by their families, left for
Monterey, Santa Cruz and other near
points to spend the Sabbath at the famous
watering places.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew held a
cession yesterday morning in the Young
Men's Christian Association rooms and in
the afternoon an open-air meeting: took
place in the Berkeley Hills. In the even-
Ing the brotherhood" gathered in Shattuck
Hall, Berkeley, many of the students and
faculty of the State University being pres
ent at the nrpetins:.
matters that came up for dis
cuss'cn were upon reports rendered by
various committees. The committee on
amendments brought in a favorable re
port upon the amendment offered by the
Rev. Dr. McKim of Washington on the
preceding day, but owing, to an inaccu
racy in the wording of the amendment it
•was withdrawn. When it is again report
ed on the members of the house will have
printed copies before them. It is based
on the amendment offered by Rev. Dr.
Huntingdon at a previous session of the
General Convention and there is every
likelihood of a keen debate.
The report of the committee on the
Apocrypha will be printed and the min
isters of the church are notified to use it
in reading their morning service.
The House of Deputies and the House
of Bishops held a joint session to listen
to the report of the committee on Chris
tian Education. The Bishop of Lexington
read the report, which was adopted.
THE session of the House of
Deputies yerterday morning
was a quiet one. The heat was
oppressive and the delegates
took advantage of the half
session to go visiting. The
Rev. Pr. Crammer at this stage renewed his
motion lo have the raport of the committee
on the apocrypha adopted. He asked to have
the rules of the house suspended so that he
mlKht take It from the calendar.
- By a two-thirds vote of the house the reso
APOCBYPHA ADOPTED.
Delegate J. Plerpont Morgan on behalf of
New York, seconded by a delegate from North
Carolina, demanded that the vote be taken by
dioceses and orders. The vote w,as so taken
and resulted almost unanimously in the af
firmative, there being only four clerical and
three lay votes in the negative.
A message from the House of Bishocs noti
fied the House of Deputies that its message
had been received and that the prelates would
attend the session at noon to discuss the sub
ject of Christian education.
MORGAN MAKES A MOTION.
The chair ruled that the only question be
fore the house was on the question of agree
ing o» \u25a0 disagreeing to the report. :\u25a0
IN glorious weather the members of
the General Convention of the Epis
copal Church enjoyed a trip yes
terday afternoon around the Bay of
San Francisco as the guests of tha
Southern Pacific Railfpad Company
and a more joyous gathering has
never been seen on board the ferryboat
Berkeley.
The hour ct departure was 2:30 p. m and
it is estimated that fully 1400 people ac
cepted the invitation of the railroad com
pany. The ferryboat Berkeley looked
spick and span in new coats of paint and
whitened decks and the visitors comment
ed on the beauty of the commodious bay
vessel.
The affair waa free from all restraint
and Bishops, distinguished clergymen and
lay deputies to the convention assumed
an air more in keeping with a picnic gath
ering. The ladies of the party were gen
erally envied by their somber-garbed com
panions, for the fair ones, \u25a0with few excep
tions, had donned shirt waists on account
of the hot weather.
There were enough cameras and kodaks
in the party to fit out a good-sized store
and pretty views of the scenery around
the bay will be taken to far distant homes
as souvenirs of yesterday afternoon's out
ing.
The railroad company was represented
by "William McMurray of the Information
bureau ; T. L. ' Frazier, superintendent of
the Western division; H. R. Braden of tha
passenger department and K. A. "White,
steamer agent. The railroad officials re
ceived their guests at the gangplank of
the ferryboat and all were told to "make
themselves at home."
An orchestra was on board and dis
coursed music, which was not entirely of
a sacred character. Huge bowls of iced
lemonade were placed in charge of attend
ants on the lower deck and the clerical
gentlemen seemed to enjoy the task of car
rying the cooling drink in glasses to their
fair companions and relatives, seated on
the upper deck.
The Berkeley went along 1 the water
front in the direction of the Union Iron
Works and to Hunters Point, then turned
and made a wide detour for the Marin
shore, passed Angel Island, went through,
the Raccoon Straits, passing Tlburon and
Belvedere and came back by Alcatraz, the
Presidio shore and North Beach.
The various points of Interest were
pointed out to the visitors and many ex
clamations of delight were heard on all
sides. The bay trip lasted two fcours and
a half and the guests expressed them
selves as being under obligations to the
railroad company for a delightful outing.
Ings, presented as the action of the commit
tee named the following resolution:
"Resolved. That the report of the marginal
readings committee be accepted and the read
ings therein recommended be adopted which
are taken from the margin of Kins James'
version or from the English and American re
vised versions with their margins, and that
the commission be allowed before printing:
their readings to substitute for those not taken
from one or the other of these sources others
taken unchanged therefrom."
Rev. Dr. McKim of Washington moved that
this house accede to the resolution.
Rev. Dr. Al«op of Lorn? Island arose to pro
pose an amendment, but being prevented by a
point of order said in explaining his purpose:
<# I think our commission has been treated with
marked diseourtesy. We have had a commis
sion appointed for six years. It has been doing
its best work. It has come here with a report
which from very many has received the
very hizhest commendation. I am not pre
pared to say, of course, that the house is
bound to accept what it has done, but the
house is at least bound to give it the cour
tesy of a vote, and it waa to that end that I
wanted to move something .that would allow
the house to vote. If that vote is adverse I
am heartily prepared to vote for the proposi
tion' which has been brought in by the com
mittee of conference."
Rev. Dr. Kccleson of Maryland disavowed
any such intentional discourtesy and asked the
house to say if any such discourtesy bad been
shown the committee.
Cameras Are Used to
Secure Souvenirs of
' Outing.
Deputies Listen to the
Reports of Com
mittees.
House of Bishops Has
a Brief Morning
Session.
Dignity Is Set Aside
and Mirth Takes
Its Place.
PLEASURE
WITH WORK
COMBINED
HUNDREDS
THRONG BIG
FERRYBOAT
VISITING EPISCOPALIANS ENJOY TRIP ON THE BAY
AS GUESTS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
Pases W& I
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
. ., y \u25a0 •' •: - . r • \u25a0 ' : '\u25a0\u25a0-.. " . \u25a0 .. -• . •-\u25a0- . \u25a0' s •
Continued on Page Twenty-Four.Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
CONVENTION TO CHANGE. ITS RULES
ONE of the prominent men of the
Episcopal General Convent]Q,n>
now in the city is. the, Rev/Er
W. Hunter of New Orleans,
| the .'organizer "of \u25a0 the' Church
Endowment Society, which is
doing considerable work in se
curing: funds to meet many pressing needs
in the Episcopal denomination. " ,
In a great many, dioceses" much difficul
ty is experienced In raising the stipend set
apart for the support of the episcopate.
The larger and more wealthy churches
do not have as much trouble in securing
this sum as the smaller and poorer
churches and missions.
, J n - England, where the church has ex-
* e i? / or , cen turies, the episcopate and
cathedrals have been endowed. In this
country the endowment feature is some
what new and depends entirely upon the
liberality of the laity. '
.The object of the society is to promote
the vndowment of and charitable gifts to
cathedrals, churches, church missionary
societies, diocesan missions and church
charities c>f all kinds, the support of the
episcopate, diocesan and parochial funds,
church orphan asylums, theological insti
tutions, church schools, brotherhoods, sis
terhoods and all other religious, charita
ble and educational institutions and oper
ations of the Protestent Episcopal church,
through the medium of life insurance, in
cluding annuities, bequests, gifts and all
other sources, and to suggest, explain and
demonstrate to the reverend clergy ways
and means, whereby through organized ef
fort under their direction charitable de
sires of the laity to benefit the above ob
jects may be systematized and economic
ally accomplished. .
• The patron of the society is the presid
ing Bishop. Its president Is the Bishop of
Easton. The vice presidents are the Bish
ops of. Colorado. Pittsburg and Southern
Florida and the coadjutor of Chicago. The
promoter and secretary-general is the
Rev. E. W. Hunter, rector of St. Anna's
Church,. New Orleans, and the board of
fifteen trustees includes the names of such
financiers as the Hon. Levi P. Morton,
Elbridge T. Gerry and William A. Duer,
\u25a0who. is. treasurer. Its bankers are J. P.
Morgan & Co.- Its head office is at the
Church : Missions House, Fourth avenue
and Twenty-second street. New York,
where the business manager directs that
part of .the work directly connected with
the Insurance plan of the society.
The society was founded one year ago,
and since: that time more than $1,000,000
has been secured for the church. ,
. The Rev;- Mr.- Hunter, the organizer of
the : society, -was born in New Orleans,
La., in 1859. He was educated in the Uni
versity of New Orleans and studied the
ology under- Rev. James Foster " of • the
Dublin University. He was ordained four
teen years ago and served three' years in
the missionary field of the diocese of
Louisiana. For the past eleven years he
has been the rector of St. Anna's Church,
New Orleans.
Remarkable Growth of
the , Endowment
V Fund.
INSURANCE
FOR NEEDS
OF CHURCH
PRELATES WHO ARE TAKING
PROMINENT PARTS IN THE
CONVENTION.
STOCKTON, Oct. 13.— The court-martial
which has been" hearing . the charges
against Captain William Bruce adjourned
sine die without announcing any verdict.
Findings were made up. but will have to
pass through-military channels- before be
ing announced. .
Low. Bates for Episcopalians and
Friends.
The Southern Pacific sells round-trip
tickets at low rfetes to visitors from the
East with Episcopalian excursion tickets
and accompanying friends. \
Beautiful Del Monte and, Monterey,
Santa Cruz, the Big Trees, the Santa
Clara Valley, including San Jose. Mount
Hamilton arid Palo Alto; are among points,
of interest. Inquire 613 Market street.
To-day's trip through the rapids was
witnessed by 15,000 people. . Niessen left
the Canadian shore from a point near the
falls at 2 o'clock. After cruising about
in the still water for two hours he floated
into the rapids. The "Fool Killer" passed
through the rapids in four. minutes. Nies
sen attempted to take, soundings in the
rapids, but the force of the water broke
his cable. , . ' • '
NIAGARA FALLS; N. Y.. Oct. 12.—
Peter Niessen. of '^Chicago f successfully
passed the Whirlpool Rapids this after
noon in a twenty-onc-foot cigar-shaped
boat called* the "Fool Killer." Niessen
has been taking soundings in the river
below the falls and gathered much valu
able data.
Chicago Man Succeeds in Making a
Hazardous Voyage at Niagara
• Falls. :
WHIELS THROUGH RAPIDS
IN CIGrAB-SHAPED BOAT
Mr. Raynor— That is just what we v/ant to
prove— that he. had no orders except those con
tained In dispatches numbers 7 and 8.
Mr. Raynor then repeated h's desire to offer
the dispatch of May 27 In evidence, and after
a colloquy between Mr. Raynor and Judge Ad
vocate Lemly Mr. Hanna remarked that there
was no objection to putting It in except that
it was "obviously Intended to reflect on a
person v*'ho is not under inquiry."
To this Mr. Raynor responded that It was
not intended to reflect on any one, but that it
was Intended "to prevent a reflection on Com
r..cdoro Si'hley." It was decided that the dis
patch was already in evidence and Mr. Hanna
took the witnees for redirect examination. Ho
bogan by asking If he knew the reason for the
lapsf of five or six days between the sending
ot dispatches by the Hawk and the Wasp.
To this inquiry Mr: Raynor objected, and there
was quite a spirited argument on the part of
elicit information as to correspondence between 1
the two commanders and objection on the part
of Mr. Hanna to bringing In dispatches which
had no immediate bearing upon Commodore
Schley's conduct. Mr. Raynor said there was no
communication between thorn between May 21
and May 27. He then quoted the dispatch ot
May 27 as the first positive knowledge con
veyed to Commodore Schley of the presence of
the Spanish fleet at Santiago. This dispatch
was as follows:
"U. S. Flagship New York, St. Nicholas Chan
' ncl. May 27, 1SS8.
"Sir: Every report and particularly dally
confidential rcpoits received at Key West from
Havana state Spanish squadron has been in
Santiago de Cul>:i from the 19th to the 25th
Inst... inclusive, the 25th being the date of the
last report rcc» '.ved. You will please proceed
vlth all Kositle dispatch to Santiago to block
ade that port. If. on arrival there, you receive
positive Information of the Spanish ships hav
ing left you will follow them in pursuit. Very
respectfully, W. T. SAMPSOX."
Mr. Hanna— What Is the first positive order?
Mr. Raynor — May 27.
Mr. Hanna— Did he receive It on the 27th? \u25a0
Mr. Raynor — He- never received it on the 27th
(.liter being- prompted by Admiral Schley). He
got It on June 10.
Mr. Hanna— How is it possible that he can
bp affected by an order after all the lapse of
time? . . . . \u25a0
After further effort on Mr. Raynor's part to
Correspondence of Commanders.
"The captain of the Hawk was called on
board and 1 remember his instructions were
to proceed with all uneed until he met the
Vesuvius and transmit the dispatch to her, as
she was a faster vessel. As to whether No. S
was inclosed with this I was not secretary
and-did not inclose it." .
"When did the Hawk leaver 1
. "She leit the Havana blockade, some dls
tajice west of Havana., about dusk on May 21,
probably about 6:20."
"Then you received this information on May
20 at 8:30 in the mornins and the Hawk lelt
at d'.:sk May 21?" • , .
"That is correct." J,
T.l>e -witness said in reply to questions that
the memoranda beginning. "The inclosed in
structions will reach you." had not been sent
by the Iowa, as the dispatch was dated May
21 and the Iowa had left on the day previous.
Mr. Raynor — Was not the Hawk the first
'vessel that carried that memorandum?
"To the best of my knowledge the Hawk
was the first and only vessel that carried that
memorandum,". reDHert the witness.
"The Hawk left on May 21 and the first in
formation you had was about 8:30 or 9 o'clock
on the 20th. When did you get this second con
flrmatory information you speak of?" \u25a0
"I got it on shore at Key West about .7
o'clock on the evening of May 20."
"Then the confirmatory dispatch, as ' I un
derstand it, was received twenty-four hours
before the Hawk left with this memorandum
to Commodore Schley. Is that risht?" - \u25a0
"Yes, at Key West, and the Hawk was sent
from Havana." ' . -\u25a0
"Can you Rive me any subsequent dispatches
or memoranda that passed between Admiral
Sampson and Commodore Schley in reference
to the Spanish squadron being at Santiago?" '
"I do not think I can refer you to-any.
After Admiral Sampson heard that the "fleet
of Commodore Schley had not left Cienfuegos,
In other words, after he got a reply from
the commander of the flying squadron, he sent
the Wasp, I think, about May 26,' to Cienfuegos
with an additional dispatch, but she, of course,
did not arrive there until Commodore Schley
had left for Santiago, and I do not remember
what those dispatches were." -. • :
"Was that the Wasp?"
"Yes.". "
"What daLe?" -. .
"My impression is she left by the old Ba
hama Channel. May 26."
• "Then I understand that between the time
that the Hawk carried this . Information to
Commodore Schley at dusk on the evening of.
May 21 and the time when this dispatch was
sent from the Bahama Channel on the 26th
there was no communication between Admiral
Sampson and Commodore Schley in reference to
the Spanish squariron at Santiago. Was there?"
"I. thought I replied that there was no op
portunity for any." ;
Captain Lemly — Tell the court fully from
what source this information was received con
cerning the . arrival of Cervera's fleet in San
tiago. I would like you to Identify the tils
patch put into cipher at that, time, to which you
refer. .., t
j ""The dispatch I referred to as having been
drawn up by Captnin Chadwick in my presence
is the dispatch known as the memorandum that
accompanied dlfi'atch No. 8."- \u25a0
Mr. Raynor— The Hawk carried No. S. " I?
that rlcht?,. . • \u25a0'
Staunton Is Questioned.
to the effect iliat the fleet had entered the har
bor on Msv 13. v
The information came from an employe ot
the telegraph office at Havana, who could only
send his information at G o'clock, when others
were absent from the office there. .Captain
Allen had, the witness said, asked that great
secrecy be observed for the protection of the
operator, only agreeing that the commander In
chief and his staff should be informed. Later
Uie witness had returned to Key West and re
ceived confirmatory information. He then
stated that on the next morning. May 21, the
fleet proceeded, to the blockade of Havana, Ad
miral Sampson belnc satisfied that the infor
mation concerning the presence of the fleet at
Santiago was correct. The admiral accordingly
had calied up the Hawk and forwarded his dis
patches to Commodore Schley.
Lieutenant Commander Stanton related the
pcrtlculars cf hifc securing informations^ the
presence of Cervera's fleet at 8antiago. He said
that while the fleet under Admiral Sampson
lay at Key Wert on the morning of- May 20 he
went ashore. "While in the office of. Commodore
Remey. he eaifi. thei Captain Allen of the sig
nal office had rnlled him aside and told him
that he had received information of the pres
ence of tfie i. pnnlth fleet at Santiago. - which
he be-lieyed to b<} correct. • The Information was
On re-direct examination Mr. Hanna brought
out the Information that the telegram of con
gratulation to Commodore Schley had been
based partially upon the capture of >t collier
with coal for the Spanish fleet, which capture
was made by C&ptain Slgsbee. • . ,
Captain Chadwick also said that he had
drafted Admiral Sampson's second dispatch of
May 21. the one sent from Havana, and while
the dispatch from Key West, designated as No.
S, was sent at 3 o'clock, the second was sent
between 5 and C o'clock.
Captain Chadwick was then excused and Lieu
tenant Commander Sidney A. Staunton was
c»liea. Before the witness took his seat Judge
Advocate Lemly asked and received permission
to rut In as ••vidence Admiral Sampson's offi
cial report n.^de at Guantanamo Bay, August
3 U98.
After Mr. Raynor had formally asked his
second question Captain Chadwick offered a
written reply, but Mr. Raynor objected, say
injr:
4- I must first read what he has written before
he answers. It might be something very ob
jectionable. Suppose he did protest? How does
that affect the case? What we wanted is the
congratulatory dispatch. Now, he brings in
something entirely different. If the witness in
answer to my pecon<! quection says 'Yes' or
"No,' I won'* object, but ,if he says anything
else I would like to have the opportunity of
seeing what he has written."
Captain Chadwick then tore up his written
reply and .viev. ercd verbally:
"I had ic potlally In mind."
Kaynor Makes Objection.
Raynor formally addressed the court, request
ing permission to ask the witness two ques
tions, which he outlined. He called attention
to his question put to Captain Chadwick yes
ttrday concerning a telegram of congratula
tion which Admiral Sampson had sent to Com
modore Schley on May 28. He Had asked the
witness if he remembered that message and
the witness had replied that he did remember
it very well, adding: "Because I protested
against his consTatulations."
Mr. Raynor 3ald that this last expression
was purely voluntary on Captain Chadwick's
part and wa3 not necessary in response to the
inquiry. The questions whicil he stated to the
court were as follows: ... \u25a0
••First, when did you first learn of the ex
istence of dif;iatch No. 8 7 v
"Second. did you then, in pretesting against
the sending of this congratulatory dispatch,
refer to his blockade of Cienfuegoa in dispatch
No. S?" . ;\u25a0 .
Admiral Dewey stated the court had no ob
jection to the questions and Captain Lemly
said he would not- object, providing he could
cross-examine on the -points raised. Mr. Ray
nor did not concede this request, but before the
point was decided Mr. Raynor asked his first
question, as previously given to the court.
After reading the dispatch in question the
witness said:
"I was Informed of its purport at the time
It waE sent to the Marble head." ' .
"IMd you see It when it was sent to the
Marblehead"?
"I did not read it."
"When did you first read it?" •
"I did not read the original dispatch until
the answer was received from Commodore
Schley, brought by the Hawk."
"Was that dh May 26, when your ship was
at a point between Havana and Cape Francis,
in the vicinity of Cape Pedras"? ..
"Yes." \u25a0 . • .
"Did you have the blockade of Cienfuegoa
in mind when you protested against the send
ing of the congratulatory dispatch"?
"May I ask if you mean that I had that
only in mind"' ?
'"I do not mean that. I mean whether you
had H in mind p.t all."
"I can gay I had H partially."
Captain Chadwick of the New York
Gives More Details. *
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— Captain F. E.
Chadrrick, who was Admiral Sampson's chief
of elaff during the war with Spain, continued
his testimony before the Sehley court of In
quiry to-<!ay under cross examination at tl.e
hands of Mr. Raynor. Other witnesses of the
day were Lieutenant Sidney A. Staunton, who
was Captain Chadwick's principal assistant,
and Lieutenant Nathan C. Twining, who was
aboard the battleship Iowa as an officer dur
ing the Santiago campaign.
There was only one pension of the court to
day, a decision having been reached yesUrday
to adjourn at 1 o'clock to-day until next Mon
day, in braer to give the members }i the
court and counsel an opportunity for iccr«
ation and recuperation.
Captain Lemly said to-day that he expected
to conclude the presentation of the Govern
ment's side of the case «m Monday. It is
understood that Mr. Raynor will be prepared
to immediately begin the introduction of Ad
miral Bchley'e witnesses and it is his inten
tion to press the case forward as rapidly -as
r)c*sible.
Wben Captain Ctadwick took the stand Mr.
TESTIMONY OF OFrTCEBS.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.-The
Schley court of inquiry held
but one session to-day, ad
journing at 1 o'clock untti
Monday in order to give those
engaged in the inquiry an opportunity lor
recuperation.
Captain Chadwick concluded his test!- '
rnony begun yesterday and Lieutenant
Commander S. A. Staunton, who served
on the New York as an assistant to Cap
tain Chadwick as thief of staff for Ad
miral Sampson, and Lieutenant Nathan
C. Twining, formerly of the Iowa, were
introduced as new witnesses.
Lieutenant Etaunton's testimony dealt ;
with dispatches forwarded by Admiral
Sampson to Commodore Schley. and while
he was ur.der examination Mr. Raynor
outlined a contention in behalf of 'Admiral
Schley to the effect that the dispatch
written on May 27 was the first positive ,
notice that the commander in chief had
given Commodore Schley of the presence
of the Spanish fleet in the harbor of San
tiago.
Lieutenant Twining said in his testi
mony that while the flying squadron oc
cupied u position of from three to five
miles out from Cienfuegos during the day,
the distance was increased to from sevon
to r.ine miles at night. He was in charge
of the eight-inch guns during the bora
fcardnicr.t of the Colon on May 31, and he
.said that all the shots from the American
fleet fell short.
Near the close of the session Judge Ad
vocate Lemly and Mr. Raynor became en
gaged in a controversy over the admissl
bility at that time of a chart showing the
speed of the vessels of the flying squad
ron., and when Mr. Raynor made a state
ment concerning the matter to be intro
duced the judge advocate took exception
to its introduction, saying Mr. Raynor's
Ei:rr>mary might be inaccurate, as other
statements made by him, referring espe
cially to the contents of documents, ha-i
been.
Mr. Raynor resented the expression and
replied to the effeOt that If uttered out
side of the courtroom he would say that
it was false.
Before court adjourned both Mr. Ray
nor and Captain Lemly made statements
concerning the incident to the court, and
Admiral Dewey expressed the \u25a0 opinion
that Captain Lemly's explanation should
be satisfactory to Mr. Raynor.
to the court that did not exist and did not
read things that exist. Any man with any
degree of sensibility would object to that and
I do not think my brother wants that state
ment to go to the court. They have tried
the case impartially and fairly. There has
been no statement about the trial of the case
at all. but when I have read a report not
thinking the last part would bear on the case,
the point was made that I did not read the
whole cf It. These things are very objection
able to Admiral Schley and myself, and 1
think the gentleman owes us a statement In
regard to that"
Captain Lemly— If the court please, I have to
stand upon the record in this matter. " It was
not mv Intention to be offensive, and when
counsel speaks of my temper I must say to
him "Neighbor, remove the beam from your
own eye before you attempt to take the mote
out of mine." I referred more particularly
this morning to the matter of the written
question when he presented and then read the
question differently, without any intention of
giving offense, but In the earnestness of de
bate. • ...
Admiral Dewey — I think that ousht to be
enoush. The statement of the Judga advocate
should be enough. ' The court understands that
the judge advocate had no intention of wound
injr the feelings of either of you, and the court
now adjourns.
Accordingly, at I o'clock, the court adjourned
until Monday. . \u25a0
There was a ripple of laughter through the
room when this statement was made, and some
persons Inside the railing Joined in It, b';t
it was noticed that Mr. Raynor did not ac
cept the remark as intended to be good nat
ured. His face was flushed when he replied,
whl2h he did without rising, saying:
"If he states that outside the court I will
say it Is false."
Captain Ltmly— If he states that' outside the
court it is another matter, but if he state*
It in the court it Is highly improper. .
While counsel were still talking back and
forth at each other Admiral Dewey arose and
administered the oath tr> the next witnest.
Lieutenant Nathan C Twining, formerly of
the battleship Iowa. Lieutenant Twlnihg's tes
timony covered points already brought out to
the siejre of Cienfuepos and tUe bombardment
of the Cristobal Colon in ths harbor at Santi
ago on May 31.
When Lieutenant Twining, had concluded and
the court was about to adjourn, air. Raynor
arose and addressing the court, said:
'•I would like, to., call the attention of the
court to what I Consider a very disagreeable
attack of the judge advocate. I have con
ducted my«elf with the utmost degree cf cour
tesy and politeness. It has not occurred once,
but over and -over egain in this case. The
least little objection that comes In brings the
most irritable humor possible on his part. All
I ask Is this: He made a statement this morn
ing which reflected on me; that we read things
(The California Northern, the rival road,
has recognized Hicks' claim and paid him
J500 for a right of way.
EUREKA, Oct. 12.— E. S. Hicks, a squat
ter on marsh lands near Bayside. has
again' brought the construction crew of
the Eureka and Klamath River Railroad
Company to a standstill. Six months ago
the company's plledriver crew was 3topped
by Hlck3 and o shotgun from bridging
Daby Slough. The company had Hicks
placed under bonds to keep the peace,
these bonds expiring recently.
The crew undertook yesterday to resume
work. They drove a few piles without
disturbance. To-day Hicks warned the
men to d§slst. They did so, and refused
to turn to again when ordered by Fore
man Dean and Superintendent Root of
the railroad company. - The company has
now removed its p'iledrlver and has ap
parently given' up its attempt* to cross
Hicks' land.
Eureka and Klamath River Company
Balked by E. S. Hicks and
His Gun.
RAILWAY COITSTBUCTION
CHECKED BY SQUATTEIt
Admiral Dcwey-rThe witness can come ilowr.
Monday. Unless there is some reason why it
should rot so in now, it is a courtesy due to
the counsel. What objection Is there? "We
want to know the objection.
"Mr. Raynor here undertook to read a state
ment accompanying the chart, when Captain
Lemly, rising, addressed the court, saying with
reference lo Mr. Raynor: "He is not accurate
In his statements, if the court please. On ilie
contrary, h? Is very inaccurate. He holds a
paper before Mm and reads what is not on
that paper. He has repeatedly done it."
•\t this stage of the proceedings Captain
Leraly. introduced as a part of the record two
letters from Commodore Schley to Admiral
Sampson, both dated May 23, 1S3S, the first
saying that he was by no mean? satisfied that
the Spanish squadron was not at Clenfuegod
nnd the second telling of the information he
had received through the British steamer
Atlula.
A somewhat .exciting incident arose between
Judge Advocate Lenrly and Mr. Raynor. AV hrit
Lieutenant Commander Staunton was excused
Mr Raynor asked leave to present as evi
dence A supplementary chart prepared by Lieu
tenant Dyson of the Bureau of Steam Engi
neering, showing the speed of the vessels ot
the flying squadron. Captain Lemly objected
on the- ground that this evidence was not pertt
nent at this stage of the procredings.
Mr. Raynor replied- that It had been agreed
between counsel that it- should be put in and
he wanted to introduce it before the testimony
got too far away from the evidence bearing
upon the coal supply.
Cuptain Lemly said he had a witness present
and wished to proceed with the talcing of vti
bal testimony.
Admiral Dewey— What fbjectlon is there?
Captain Lemly— I do net think it is the time
to do It. Fir.
Letters Sent by Schley.
counsel on both sides as to the admissibillty
of the question. Mr. Hanna stated in the
course of his argument that the matter couM
be fully explained, but said that if the court
objected he would not press the matter; where
upon Admiral Dewey remarked:
"You better not ask that question.
The incident was closed by the withdrawal of
the question. | ...
JUDGE ADVOCATE AND SGHLEY LAWYER CLASH AT COURT OF INQUIRY
A scientist says that climate affects the
character. Perhaps it does, but not ao
much as conviction by a Jury.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12.— The residence
of Arthur Brown, in Ludwig's addition,
was destroyed by fire this evening.
Santa Eosa [Residence Burned.
the best way of working among students
was talked over. Ic was suggested that
work with individual students be done,
and that those who had a preference for
the Episcopal church should be seen and
brought in closer relation with the church.
It was concluded that the best work of
the brotherhood could be done with indi
viduals. L.. E. McLillan of this city sug
gested work among young men who were
A meeting in the interest of the Church
Temperance Society will be held to-mor
row evening at 8 o'clock' In St. Luke's
Church, "Van Ness avenue and Clay street.
The vice chairman of the society, the
Bishop of Delaware, will explain the prin
ciples and operations of the society, which
differ from those of other temperance or
ganizations. Addresses will be delivered
by the Bishops of Dallas and Georgia.
Church Temperance Society.
Rev. Dr. Grammer arose to a point of order
and the chatr ruled that Dr. Crawford's reso
lution must eo on the calendar.
After a vote had . been taken, J. Plerpont
Morgan asked that the vote en the resolution
be taken by dioceses and orders. This was
his usual motion, and for a time it looked as
If tho banker was to be ismored. The chair
ruled that It had already been adopted. Rev.
Dr. Taylor and Rev. Dr. Huntlngton came to
Morgan's assistance, but the chairman . was
obdurate. Huntlneton took an appeal from
his decision and it might have been acted upon
had not Dr. Grammer asked to have the vote
reconsidered. The resolution to have the apoc-
Rev. Dr. Crawford offered a resolution ask
ing that the marginal readings reported by
the committee and adopted by the house be
placed in themarsrin and not interlined with
the text.
Iutlon was taken from the calendar and read
by the secretary. In effect it asked that the
marginal readings reported by the committee
be published under' tne direction of the com
mission and be used by ministers in the pub
lic service of the church.
Bishorf Wells of Spokane, nishop Vincent of
Southern Ohio. Bishop WMte of In. liana
Bisbcip Partridge of Kyoto. Rev. Dr. Brainard
of New York, Rev. C. S. Lerflngwell. Rev Dr.
Seymour, Rev. Dr. H. W. Nelson of Wtstt-rn
New York. Rev. illlledge Walker of Itah
Rev. O. H. Raferty, Rev. Dr. U Wat'm.an
ot New Hamrshlre, Rev. H. M. Denstow of
Indiana. Rev. Or. Bassett, Rev. K. W. Pot
wlnde of Oregon, Rev. C. E. Ball of Virginia.
Rev. W. S. Short of Oregon. Rev. Snmul
Hart and Rev. W. M. Bours of San Fran
cisco. — .'..">
The alumni of the Berkeley Divinity
School of Middleton. Conn., held a meet-
Ing last e\-ening in Parlor A. Palace Ho
tel. The general condition of the school
was discussed and plans made for the
increasing of the membership in the fu
ture. Those prseent were:
Attendance at the
. School.
Puture Flans Discussed for Larger
"Doctrine of Atonement" will be th-j
subject of discussion at the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, this morning.
Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor of the Em
manuel Kvangelical Church will preach
this morning on "An Ancient Revival,
and in the evening on "The Problem of
Rev. 2 E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on a
theological subject and in the evening on
"Jesus Christ and Other Men."
Rev John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "His Own Brother Simon .
and In the evening on "Can a Man iLive
Without Sin?" \u25a0
Rev F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
"Launching Out Into the Deep."
Rev. A. H. Briggs will preach to the
congregation of the Central M. E. Church
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Church and the People" and
In the evening on "S,elf-Denial for the
Sake of Others." '
The pastors of this city will preach on
topics of the day in their churches this
morning and evening.
Rev. William Bader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this
moyiing on "The Argument of Bread"
and in the evening on "The King of the
Twentieth Century."
Preach to Their Congregations
f. on Live Subjects.
TLTinirtcrs of EVery Denomination to
The brotherhood had supper in Odd Fel
lows' Hall after returning from the hills.
This evening the session was held in
Shattuck Hall. KIght Rev. Thomas F.
Gailor, D. D., Bishop of Tennessee, de
livered an address to men exclusively.
Bishop Gailor spoke on the Christian
standards for the development of man
hood, placing being true to one's serT as
the standard and ideal of a successful life.
He said:
There is enthusiasm in doing things good
and divine. It is a question of doing our best
for ourselves and the world in order that -we
may add to the sum total of righteousness with
which our God Is leavening the universe. Let
us believe in good in ourselves and in the
world. Men who do not believe in themselves
are a burden to society. Every, human' being
has in him the power through God to attain
unto grace, goodness and purity. \u25a0.
The meeting closed with addresses [on
the increased activity of the brotherhood
and the spread of its membership. Those
present were the following named:
From New York. J. "W. Wood; Grand Forks,
N. D., E. C. Elwood; Seattle, Fred Rice How
ell; Palo Alto, B. R. Cocks; Fresno— Lynwood
Kelley, A. W. Albrecht; San Mateo. W. Regi
nald Hodgklns; San Francisco — George C. Goe,
J. C. Astredo, A. B. Cathcart. F. L.. Southack,
\V. MacMuIlen. C. E. Jones, H. H. Kelley, F.
S. Bernhard. G. F. Werner, Edwin Turner, G.
W. Baker, H. Beatty. A. W. Trusson. Fred H.
Cost. H. Q. Maedonald. John Parry. B. H. Kel
ley; Berkeley-^ Rev. George E. Swan, Dr. Ed
ward Gray. Ernest H. Price, L. E. McLtllan,
H. Robert Braden. Samuel Bickson, W. Harri
son, William Tyrell.
brought into police courts on small of
fenses. He believed that watching these
5'oung men and getting them paroled and
helping them to secure positions would be
the most beneficial thing the brotherhood
could do. : Mr. Wood agreed with him. ;
BERKELEY. Oct. 12.— San Fran
cisco and local members of |
the Brotherhood' of St. Andrew
and delegates from the East
and elsewhere now In attend
ance at the second annual con
vention of that organization in
San Francisco held an open-air meeting
This afternoon in Co-ed Canyon, back of
the university buildings. John W. Wood
of New York led a general talk on the
brotherhood work, which took the nature
of a discussion of ways of broadening the
Held and improving the usefulness of the
society. Xo address was given owing to
the ahper.ee of E. M. Cr.mp, who was to
have spoken.
The brotherhood arrived in a body from
San Frfenciseo at 3 o'clock and were es
corted by Rev. George E. Swan to the
Bishop Kip Memorial Church, now in
course of construction, where a half-hour
\u25a0was passed in inspecting the premises.
The trip through the university grounds
was delayed owing to the interest in foot
hall which the members developed while
watching the strugRlir.g elevens on the
gridiron. A majority of the men gathered
in a group on the hillside and watched the
game until reminded of the pass.ng time
by their companion:-., who had gone on
ahead and then returned for the missing
delegates. The afternoon was hot and
the men removed their coats while trav
eling through the unshaded grounds. Col
lars and neckties were taken off and
handkerchiefs substituted.
A well-shaded natural amphitheater
was selected as the place of meeting.
After a prayer by Mr. Wood, during
which all stood with uncovered heads, the
men seated themselves in a semi-circle
facing the leader. A general discussion
of the work of the brotherhod followed.
The advisability of having the Berkeley
and Palo Alto chapters meet to consider
FACTORS WILL DISCUSS
TIMELY TOPICS TO-DAY
"Resolved, That each house of this General
Convention be requested to authoriie this com
mittee on Christian education to sit during the
recess of the General Convention, in order bet
ter to promote the interests of the important
It was an excellent dissertation of the work
accomplished during the past three years by
clerical schools and institutions of learning con
nected with the church. At the conclusion of
the interesting report he offered the following
-resolution, which was adopted:
Rev. Dr. Carey presented the triennial report
of theological seminaries and it was referred to
the proper committee.
The House of Bishops was announced and as
its august members entered the deputies arose.
Bishop Dudley took tlie chair and .announced
that the prelates had come to listen to the re
port o.. Christian education. He called upon
the Bishop of Lexington to read the report.
rypha -' printed - was again adopted by a
unanimous vote. " - .
ANOTHER TRIENNIAL REPORT.
, » , N" important resolution to be
Al , presented" to the General Con
/^fik \u25a0". ' vention of the Episcopal
jfcaJia. Church, will be one drawn up
/ .lk by the^ committee on the state
** of the church, relative to the
disagreements between em
ployers and employes.
. In order that the matter may be thor-
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Why We Should Belong to the Church"
and in the evening on "What Young Peo
ple Are Good For."
Rev. John Hughes, M. A., of Cambridg?,
pastor of" one of the most prominei.t
churches in the city of Liverpool, is so
journing for a short time on the Pacific
Coast. He wyi preach to-morrow morn
ing arid evening at 1133 Mission street.
Rev. F: K. Baker of the First M; E.
Church will preach this morning on "In
His Steps" and In the evening on> "How
Shall I Become a Christian?"
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Light, From Egyptian Monu
ments on the Story of Joseph" and In the
evening on "The Man Who Won Distinc
tion by Remembering His Own Faults."
Rev. John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Christ's Manifesto of His
Mission" and In the evening on "Answer
able to Whom, for What?"
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial M. E. Church will preach thte
evening on "The King's Embassador in
Chains."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morninsr on
"Love Unfeigned" and in the evening on
"The Judgment."
Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Great Prayer" and in the evening
on "Walking With God."
this morning on "The Christian. City and
I th«-. Christian Home."
\u25a0Rev; Dr. Rogers created a mild- sensation in
the house by asking whether the. committee on
Christian education had any method by which
Dr. Hughes apologetically stated that he knew
there was > no resolution before the house, but
said, he did not lik? to have the matter of
Christian education pa»s without some expres
sion'-from-th« members of its value to the
Jchurch and community.
Rev. Dr. Hughes, a new member, took oc
casion to cay a high tribute to the work of
Christian education. His speech was couched
in excellent language and he Rare evidence of
being a splendld^6peak»fv He was interrupted
in the midst of'his address by the Rev. Dr.
Parks of New York. who. said he reluctantly in
terrupted the. gentleman '^speaking, but he was
desirous to learn upon which resolution he was
making his cemarfcs. . t
SHOOTING GUNS IN AIR.
subject Intrusted to their charge, and that the
two committees be permitted to have Joint ses
sions." .
The commission is to consist of Bishops,
clerical and lay deputies and will be asked
to study the purposes of the labor organ
izations, to Investigate the causes leading
to strikes and lockouts and to act as an
oughly studied, the committee will ask
the House of Bishops and the House of
Deputies to accept the resolution which
provides for the appointment of a joint
commission.
An adjournment of the Joint session was then
taken, after which the House of Deputies ad
journed until to-morrow morn Ins.
ALUMNI OF BERKELEY
MEET AT THE PALACE
it could obtain facts as to the. work beinj
done by the church schools.
He said the report showed the committee had
engaged in the pleasant pastime of firing suns
in the air. That it had furnished information
that any one could obtain. Continuing, he said
If the committee was to do any practical work
It must be a standing: one and It should have
some way of gettln.tr into, communication with
the institutions belonging to the church.
"I have no resolution ti> offer for this body to
consider," he said, "but- I believe there should
be a standing commission on Christian educa
tion to enable its members to fret In touch with
one another and with the facts as they are Ir.
the field of Christian education in our schools."
Rev. Dr. Bodine of Virginia, a member of
the committee, followed and Rave a mild an
swer to th« objections set forth by the preced
ing speaker. He said the committee expected
to secure more time at the next General Con
vention for a discussion of the subject.
arbitrator in disputes between workmen
and their employers.
The recent address of Bishop Potter oi
New York is taken as an Indication ot
the general sentiment of the Kpiscop^l
church on the Industrial situation ami
hopes are expressed In Episcopal church
circles that the Joint commission may pre
sent at the next convention a probable
solution to the vital question.
WHEREAS, The Clinrch of Jesus Christ has. been comnilMloned by re'pect^i
and counxelor of all aorta and conditions of men, rich and poor alike, without re-pect ox
Jt is^pnrt of her divine mls.Ion to be » medl-tor and peacemaker be
tn-een tlio'RC who are at ntrife ««e with another; and „„«„„- ... from
--. v . Whereax, The relations of labor and capital, which oa K ht to b f, | 1> * r ""' 1 °"' neonleTf
time to time very «eribn»l> dUtnrbed to the prejudice of peace an d Rood will »«»««» «J« ££££ of
the land, nnd often to the suffering of thonxands of women and children, as well as to the sowing: 01
bitterncNn and .strife between claim and eln».«ii and ' ". . r \u25a0%-_--•.-.\u2666!»— Lf
Whereas The Christian church would be untrue to her Mnster--the Carpenter of *V£~J h — "
she were not the friend of the laboring man, and did not hold his welfare as dear to her heart as that
of his employer; therefore, ' . . .»_ .._.i. 4 _#
I .Hod. The House of Dixhopx eonrnrrlns, that a Joint eomml».lon of both bonses, to «>»"»» « «*
three Bishop*, three presbyters and three laymen, be appointed (the BI,hop». In *"«^ »" a *' tandinc
House of Bishop* shall determine, and the other member* by the president of this house) as a standing
commission. upon the relations of capital and labor, whose duty It shall be: Hwt, to "*""**""""£
the nlms and purposes of the labor organization* of oar country; second. In particular to »™J« S " B ***
the causes ot Indnstrlal disturbances ns may nrl«e; nnd third, to bold themselves In reatllness to act
as arbitrators, should their services be desired, between the men. and their employers, with a view to
bring: about mntual conciliation nnd harmony in the spirit of the Prince of Peace: „„-...-
Resolved, That the said commission shall make report of its proceedings to the general com en-
Resolved, That It is desirable that the above-named commission should be continued by reap
polntment every three years. •
CHURCH SEEKS TO PREVENT STRIKES.
SPECIAL EFFORT TO BE PUT FORTH
TO HAVE JOINT COMMITTEE NAMED
TO STUDY INDUSTRIAL SITUATION
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
CONVENTION READY TO TAKE UP DISCUSSION ON LABOR AND CAPITAL^
Interest in a Football
. Game Delays the > |
Meeting. .-\u25a0
BROTHERHOOD OF ST. ANDREW HOLDS
AN OPEN AIR SESSION IN CANYON
ON THE STATE UNIVERSITY GROUNDS
24
From Men Who Are Weak and Suffering Is Answered by
DR. MEYERS & CO.™
.^«— """"^s. Much depends on a man's health, strength,
jr vigor and courage If he is a puny weakling,
/ - . X tlred aml wear V from morning till night, he
/ >36S!sS§&0£*J&«i \ '" lres not lino7 >' tne loy of living:.
/ jSs^E^S^S^St^^S*^ Dr - Beyers & Co. restore victims of nervou?
/ (K^Ss^* 2 *^-^^^ \ debility, whether the trouble has been brought
/ mWSJSZ* \?" \ cn by overwork, worry, errors or excesses.
/ ttftMM^' '\u25a0' \ Dr ' iIe >' ers & Co began their successful cn-
/ Bwt*^ V : \ rePr as specialists for all diseases and v/eak-
/ IjbmB/ • %-««a \ r»esa of -men- more- than- twenty' years' ago.
I VCW jfc**Sjl 'feaT » Their practice is new more extensive than ever.
I it T* *>S*2?? t?T ' T>tey have the largest anil best equipped medl-
I \*k\* "^ T ? cs\ institution in America. Their prices ar*
1 A." i \ with »-"' the reach of all.
\ ' rt»wv. / ' *- >r " evers & Co." treat weakness and dla-
\ I v5**' •" C«yTs>£a3 / eas es ot Sen only, and cure
\ l^^&^^W / DIsease » th? Kidneys, Bladder, Spine,
\ v^Ko^l^^^ / L ' V3r » Keart, Skin, Blocd; also Prema-
\^^^Lg-^^^y t "«'a Decay, v'r.natural Losses, Wasting
\|A i^^f I r/ Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rup-
.' r^^ tare, Files, Privdte Diseases, etc.
NO PI V Til I CBIRFFfc Patients can arrange to pay after
I ,, • V^UKCUo they arc entirely well, or may pay
in weekly or monthly Installments, as they prefer. .\u25a0\u25a0-'.
Private Book—Home Cures.
Dr. Meyers & Co. cure and restore a great many m*a every year without
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call should write for their book "'\tarrla<>v
Guide Private Counselor for Men," symptom blanks, pilces and full* particu-
lars of their wonderful Home-Cure System. Correspond nee confidential
DR. MEYERS1 CO. I 731 Ma^ l ffl5 C o,
r Hours— 9. to 4, Daily. Evenines— T to 3. Sundays— 9 to KARRIVED. \ \u25a0 ' , sVf!^
" Saturday, October 12. j
Sehr North Bend. Jackson, 4 days from Coos
Bay. • • . \u25a0 • • - . • '
SAILED.
. \u25a0' .' ' \u25a0" "' Saturday; October 12.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen,:- — .• . , .
Schr Jennie. Griffin, Campbell, Point Reyes.
• -' -. -.! •-.-..; DOMESTIC. PORT." . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 12— Schr
Allen A, lumber laden.
Site for Pesthouse.
The' Supervisors' Health and Hospital
Committee recommended yesterday that
an offer <af $12,000 be made for the Bay
View farm as \u25a0 a- site for the new pest
house. The executors of the estate' own-'
ing the property will be given fifteen days
within which to accept the offer. This ac
tion was taken pursuant to the recom-^
mendation of the Merchants' Association
that the price tet on the property by the
owners, $15,000.. is in excess. of the natural
valuation from a real estate standpoint.
The association urges the purchase of the
site,- declaring- that "to continue • to
tain the present institution is a standing
disgrace to the city government."
Stilts for divorce were .filed yesterday by
Lottie Maye Haley against John T. Haley
for desertion. Casimir Cervleres agiinst
Annie Cervieres for infidelity. Jennie Mar
tin against Stanley Martin for ; failure to
provide, Kate Dutton against Charles H.
Dutton.for failure to provide and Lavinia
I. O'Neil against John J. O'Nell for cru
elty. \u25a0- . . . -i . : , ' .
Divorce Su ts Filed.
General James F. Smith made the open
ing address and was roundly applauded
from time to time and at the conclusion
of his remarks. The Rev. Father Mc-
Quaide, pastor of the church, and his as
sistant.-Father Collins,, were in attend
ance. Both were well pleased with the
outlook for a successful bazaar.
The charity fair, in aid of the building
fund of the Church of the Holy Redeemer
opened last night in the basement of the
church, ut the corner of Eighteenth and
Diamond streets. The spacious hall was
crowded to its utmost capacity with
members of .the parish and their friends.
A full orchestra was In attendance.
The gayly attired crowd, the beautifully
decorated booths and the women And
children flitting . to and fro with dainty
tidies, fancy pillows, bric-a-brac and
other things usually sold or raffled ofC at
a fair, made an exceptionally pretty
scene. \ \u25a0
General James F. Smith Appropri
ately Starts Charity Fair With
Well Received Address.
BRILLIANT SCENE AT
OPENING OF BAZAAR
A new insect has appeared in California
in time to devour the eggs of the count
less red spiders that Injure the orange
groves.
Licensed to Marry,
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Licenses to marry
\u25a0were issued to-day to Otto Nesso, 25 years,
San Francisco, and Hilda Isaacson, 21,
Berkeley; Frank Rolkmer. 20. and Kdlth
V. Whitehead. 17. both of Oakland: Frank
A. Sllva, 27. and Marie Jorqulra, 25, both
of San Leandro; Fred C. Rue. 27, and
Grace S. Harris, 23, both of San Fran
cisco.
The. Loyal Legion, California Command
ery, will give a reception and banquet in
honor cf Major General Samuel B. M.
Young, United States Army, . at the Occi
dental Hotel, Wednesday evening, Octo
ber 16. . .
Loyal Legion Banquet.
A copy of the will of Hugh Morrison, a
wealthy Hawaiian planter, who died here
last May while on his way to Europe, was
filed here yesterday. The document dis
poses of an estate valued at $136,000. "With,
the exception of a bequest of $15,000 to
brothers and sisters of th/ deceased, who
reside in Scotland, the entire estate i3
left to Mrs. Clara Morrison, decedent's
widow.
Wealthy Hawaiian's Will Filed.
"William Richardson, a messenger for
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
dropped dead in a saloon at 304 Kearny
street last evening. Richardson has been
drinking heavily for the last week and
death is supposed to have been the result
of cirrhosis of the liver. . : .
Messenger Boy Drops Dead.
At .Hearst Hall. Berkeley, the Right' Rev.
Henry C. Potter, Bishop of New York, will de
liver an aOdress nt 3 p. m. .
At Christ Church. Alameda. the Right Rev
erend Boyd Vincent, D. D., Bishop of South
ern Ohio, will preach In the morning. In the
evening there will be a mlsslorary mc-tlng
presided over by the Bishop of Georgia.
At St. Mark's Church, Berkeley, the TUght
Reverend Daniel S. Tuttle, Bishop of Mis
souri, will preach In the morning and the
evening \u25a0 sermon will be preached by Bithop
Krancls of Indiana.
In Oakland— The Right Reverend J. M. Ken
drlck, D. D.. Bishop of New Mexico and Ari
zona, will preach at Trinity Church In the
morning.
At St. Paul's Church, the Right Reverend
George II. Seymour, Bishop of Springfield,
will preach In the morning and evening. ,
At St. John's /Church, the Right Reverend
R. H. Weller, ,D. U., Bishop Coadjutor of
Fond du Lac, will preach at the high cele
bration nt 11 a. m. - \u25a0
The following churches will be occupied
to-morrow in Oakland, Berkeley and Ala
tneda by distinguished members of tne
Episcopal church: \u25a0• \u25a0 .
Bishop Potter of New'York Will Ad
dress Students of Berkeley
University.
PRELATES TO PREACH \u25a0
IN ALAMEDA CITIES
Though' nothing has been said, it has*
been felt that the football play was be
coming an exaggeration of the comic de
partment of the Blue and Gold, and there
was a slight danger of its going too -far,
as the Blue and Gold has occasionally
threatened to do. The play was always a
student production and \u25a0• the originators
did not hesitate to handle professors, stu
dents and prominent men with the de-
and an alumnist of the State University.
But Professor Syle will be in charge of
the rehearsals, and announces aa his in
tention the giving of a performance of as
high dramatic standard as can possibly
be secured in the State University.
CAST OF THE UNIVERSITY
. FOOTBALL. PLAY, "THE FAN
TASTICS." l
Eddie Yarrow, alias Gallagher, was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the charge of
burglary in $1000 bonds. Two similar
charges against him were dismissed. He
was accused of breaking into the room
of Mrs. Kate Edgerton, 1206 Stockton
street, and the rooms of two other board
ers and stealing a large quantity of jew
elry, which was recovered by Iietectives
Dinan and Wren. Yarrow was arrested
last December for breaking Into the resi
dence of Simon Donau, 1452 Franklin
street, but was acquitted by a Jury In
Judge Cook's court.
Yarrow Held for Burglary.
lightful frankness that characterizes the
uncergraduate.
And so the new scheme will be watched
,with interest. Professor Syle is deter
mined to make- the very best. that he can
out of his material and show that the
students of Berkeley are really capable
or a high grade of dramatic work, and it
is expected that the play will become a
matter of education and not solely of
amusement.
"The Fantastics" is one of. Rostand's
early romantic comedies. It is full of ca
pabilities both in situation and dialogue
The college presentation will be from a
rendering into English verse by George
Fleming. This translation is exceedingly
good and carries the author's meaning
well. • .•
The cast has been selected from stu
dents and graduates who have already
shown their ability on the amateur stage.
They have taken part In good productions
and in a play where so much is possible
should do some really artistic work. The
characters have been cast as follows:
Perclnct k. B. Harris
Straford.... j. r. Carter
Bergamln .......* J. W. S. Butler
Blaise vere Hunter
fa^quln a. J. Tood
faylvette Miss Teddy Howard
F. N. Freeman, a medical student, and
T. P. Stewart and George Gale, students
at the University of California, spent the
night at the City Prison, pending police
investigation Into the discharge of a pis
tol in the alley in the rear of the Recep
tion saloon ' on Sutter street, above
Kearny.
According to the statements of the
young men they were practicing the
new college football yell, some time aftrr
midnight. Some .person in one of the
neighboring buildings raised a window
and asked them to desist. In return the
yell was given with -renewed vigor, and
a pistol shot rang out on the air. The
students scattered, but were caught by
the police, their stories not Quite agroe
ing in several particulars. No one was
hurt by the discharge of the pistol.
Police Hold Them Until Inquiry Can
Se Made as to Cause of
Pistol Shot. .
Prof.essp.r Syle Se
lects "The Fan
tastics' ' : by Rostand
in the cherry and white hoops of Mr.
Chamblett, won the Champion steeple
chase, worth $9000, at Morris Park to-day.
He was favorite in the betting at 3 to 1,
having been backed down from 4 to 1.
The race was over the three 'and a half
mile course, and fourteen faced the
starter. Results;
First race, seven furlongs— McMeekln won,
Belle of Troy second. Lady Sterling third.
Time, 1:26',$:.
Second race, the Hunter handicap, one mile—
Mornlngslde won, Lady of the Valley necond,
Templeton third. Time. 1:'.O. '
Third race, the Nursery hundicap, six fur
longs, on Ucllpse course— King Hanover won.
Whisky King second, Chllton third. Time, 1:11.
Fourth race, the third champion steeplechase,
about three mile* and u half— Zlnzlbar, 151
(Vletch), 3 to 1 and 6 to 5, won; Mystic Shrlner,
1C3 (Ray), 6 to 1 and 2 to 1, second; Fulminate,
163 (Owens), 15 to 1 and 6 to 1, third. Time,
7:02. WoodplReon, Cockrobln, Jeissie S, Sir
Hubert, Mars Chan, Diver, Decameron. Bac
chanal, Charawind, King; T and Marylander
also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Keynote 'won, Tact
second, Gibson Light third. Time, 1:12. '
Sixth race, one mile— Koxane won, St. Finnan
second. Ethics third. Time, 1:33%.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Results:
First race, six furlonss— The Bronze Demon
won. Lady Bramble second, Teucer third.
Time. 1:18. . \ . .'
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Sister Sarah won, ' Concertina second, Stlnz
third. Time; 1:12*4.
Third race, one mile— Uterp won, Marlon
Lynch second, Nannie Nolan third. Time, 1:49.
Fourth race, the Ozark stake, $1000 added.
six furlongs, selling— Huntressa won, Sambo
second, Jordan third. Time, 1:1S.
Fifth race, one ! mile and three-sixteenths,
selling — Wallabout won. Swordsman second, Joe
Doughty, third. .Time. 2:12Vi. •
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling— ,
Rochester won. Petit Maitre second. Sue John.:
eon third. Time. 1:55 Vi.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Worth summary:
First race, six furlonss— Frelinghuysen won
C. B. Campbell second, Seguranca third. Time
1:18 1-5.' . •• l • •
Second race, six furlongs— Burnle . Bunton
won. Gonfalon second, . Empress of Beauty
third. Time, 1:17. * *
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Merri
ment won, Autumn Leaves second. Inspector
Shea third. Time. 1:11 4-3.
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, Illinois
handicap— Rolling Boer won. The Lady second
Strangest third. Time, 1:5».
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Valdii
won. Fantasy second, Llndenella third. Time,
Sixth race, six furlongs— Stella' Perkins won,'
Step Onward second, Herodes third. Time
1:18 2-5. ......
Running in the Colors of Mr. Cham
blett He Defeats a Big: Field
of Horses.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Zinztbar, running
CHAMPION STEEPLECHASE
IS WON BY ZINZIBAR
BERKELEY. Oct. 12.— A departure
from . established custom', has
been made in regard to the play
that is annually given, by the
students of the State University
on the night of the day of the big foot
ball game. This year the football play
will be a legitimate drama . instead of a
burlesque and it will be given under the
supervision of Professor L. Du Pont Syle
Instead of under the unrestrained man
agement of the students.
The general supervision of this produc
tion was quietly turned over to Professor
Syle this year without any commepts.
Professor Syle at once left the farce and
burlesque written by some member of the
student body and announced that the foot
ball play v/ould be strictly legitimate and
announced Rostand's "The Fantastics" aa
the piece. '
Of course, the entire cast has been se
lected from the students, and the busi
ness management will be in the hands of
C. E. Thomas, City -Clerk of Berkeley
Former Productions
Savor Too Much of
the Blue and Go!d
COLLEGE r STUDENTS YELL
AND WIND UP IN JAIL
Those who braved the heat and attended
the thirty-first annual ball of the Aus
trian Benevolent Society, held last night
at Union Square Hall, had a most delight
ful time. The affair was a marked suc
cess. Following are the officers who had
charge of the entertainment: Floor man
ager, J. L. Radovich; assistants — Aug.
Mikulich, P. C. Milloglav; committee oC
arrangements— August Mikulich, P. C.
Milloglav, Joseph Gogisich, J. W. Stan
eart. John Pegnaz", M. Tomusich, M. C.
Millaglav, A. Kulicich, Aug. Kiselich; re
ception committee— Past Presidents N. P.
Milloglav, A. Francovich. J. S. Radovicb,
J. W. Staneart, F. Koenig.
Austrians Give a Ball.
Ah Chung, who was arrested Friday
night by Policeman Tillman for carrylngr
a concealed weapon, pleaded guilty in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday, and tho
Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of $50,
which was at once paid. Chung Is a mem
ber of the See Yups and said he would
leave at once for Los Angeles. He is &
friend of the Chinese who was shot at a.
few nights ago, and went out with a big
Colt's revolver Friday night -to murder
the men who did the shooting. The Chi
natown squad had been notified that a
murder would be committed at 11 o'clock
in Spofford alley, and Tillman. who was
on watch, saw Ah Chung walking in the
direction of the alley about that hour
with a bundle under his arm. He told
Tillman he had a coat in the bundle, but
on opening It the officer found the re
volver, with each chamber loaded.
Armed for Murder.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to the War. - Office from Pretoria
under to-day's date that General
French's columns have captured Com
mandant Scheeper, .. but does not state
whether Scheeper's commando, which
has been active in Cape Colony, was cap
tured or 5 not. The British have been in
pursuit of it a couple of weeks. Scheeper
himself was so ill that he was obliged to
travel in a buggy. ..
PRETORIA, Oct. 12.— Eighteen more
Boer officers, captured since September
15, have been permanently banished from
the country.
MIDDLEBURG, Cape Colony, Oct. 12.
Commandant Lotter, the Cape rebel
whose commando, consisting almost
wholly of' rebels, was captured south of
Petersburg In September, and who was
sentenced to death, was executed yes
terday morning.
Commandant Lotter had been tried and
found, guilty on eight counts, including
sedition, the murder of colored unarmed
scouts, the murder of troopers in action,
the blowing up of railroads and the cow
hiding of British subjects and Europeans.
Lotter pleaded that , he was a citizen of
the Orange- Free State, but this was dis
proved. . ..-\u25a0 .
The Eighteenth left here June 15, 1898,
and has been stationed at Iloilo almost
K ever slnc-p. Captain Gordon is the or
ganizer of Gor.ion's-scouts, and good ser
vice they did for the department of Viza
yas. Lieutenant Conger of the scouts dis
tinguished himself on a number of occa
sions.
Captain J. A. Lynch. Twenty-eighth Infantry,
and wile; Captain F. E. Bamford,- Twenty
eighth Infantry; Captain C. E. Stanton. pay
master; Cants in C. SI. Truitt, Twenty-first In
fantry: Captain S. M. Hackney. Fifth Infantry:
Captain K. M. Lewis. Twentieth Infantry;
Captain James H Frier. Seventeenth Infantry;
Captain W. W. Forsythe. Sixth Cavalry; Cap
tain t\ B. McCoy, xmru Inmncry; Captain a\
S. Borden. U. S. M. C. ; Captain John Stafford,
Eighth Infantry: Captain A. A. Cabanlss,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, and wife; Captain H.
H. Benham, Second Infantry; Captain C.rS.
Ueckurts. Sixteenth Inlantry; Captain F. L.
Winn. Twelith Infantry; First Lieutenant T.
A. Roberts, Tenth Cavalry; L. F. Bleaseby,
contract surgeon; J. - S. NaBle, contract sur
eeon; Herbert Gunn, contract sureeon; F. B.
Shelly, paymaster'? clerk; W. A. Whlston.
civil service clerk; Mrs. A. R. DillinErham and
haby; CSptkfns T. V\\ Griffith. E. E. Hatch,
D. C. Shanks. W. H. Gordon, G. W. Martin,
M. McFarland and P. Murray, Eighteenth In
fantry; Captain E. L. Butts. Eichteenth In
fantry, and wife; Captains W. F. Grote, O.
E. Hunt and B. W. Perry. Eighteenth In
fantry; First Lieutenant E. S. Walton. Eight
eenth Infantry, and wife; First Lieutenants
D. E. W. Ly!e. F. D. Wickham. B. Conrad, C.
D. Herron. K. G. Peyton. E. W. Tanner and
A. R. Dillineham Eighteenth Infantry; Second
Lieutenants F. W. Ball. W. B. Baker. C. K.
Lallotte. D.. Pctts and Charles Abel, Eight
eenth Infantry; Second Lieutenant O. F. Sny
der. Eighteenth Infantry, and wife; Second
Lleuterfcnts W. M. Ki:;tler and W. A. AlConte.
Klehteenth Infantry; First Lieutenant A t!
Clil ton. Sirnal Corps; Mrs. B. W. Atkinson
tind two children, H. W. Nichols, Miss Mo-
Farland. Miss M. McCullough, E. W. Binklty.
Car>taln H. C. Hodges. Twenty-second Infantry;
Monckton Dene, hospital steward, IT. S. A. ; A.
L. Gunther. post Quartermaster sergeant.
Ezel Johnson, a private in Company H.
died on September 25, and the next day
Henry T. Leach, a private in Company K,
passed away.
The cabin passengers on the Kilpatrick
were as follows:
While the Kilpatrick was at Iloilo
Thomas Brennan. a prisoner under. a life
sentence, sawed through the chains that
held him and made his escape. Brennan
Is said to have murdered a Filipino and
for that was sentenced. The particulars
of the crime did not come on the trans
port. As soon as he was free he slipped
over the side.
The United Slates army transport Kil
patrick arrived from Manila via Hollo yes
terday morning. She brought up 998 en
listed men of .the Eighteenth Infantry,
three men of the Thirteenth Battery of
Field Artillery, five men of the hospital
corps, six prisoners, twenty-two dis
charged soldiers, five discharged civilians,
two retired enlisted men, two members of
the marine corps and one enlisted man of
the Sixth Cavalry.
The Kilpatrick left Manila on Septem
ber 12 for Iloilo to pick up the Eighteenth
infantry. The next day a stowaway was
discovered and he was sent on deck to re
port to the quartermaster captain. On his
way to the hurricane deck he had an apo
plectic fit and fell down an open hatch,
fracturing his skull. ,He died the next
day, 'and although the ship's company
and later all the men of the Eighteenth
looked at the remains no one could iden
tify him. All that is known of the unfor
tunate is that he was a discharged sol
dier.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W H Reeves & w. B C J J Murray. Wash
L Spencer, Victoria I Mrs A P Carlson & fm
Miss Anderson. B C ! San Pedro
Miss L Blunter. B C ! F P Powell. Sta Cruz
J H Jobr.Eon. Sta Cruz F S Barnes & w, Sacto
F Sate, Oregon '\u25a0 J W L&thaur, Seattle
Mise J Freise. Falinas J H Lane. Portland
M F" Frei6e. Salinas T W Freth. Sacto
J R Tyler & w. Cal ;J T Moon. Denver
I, H Dummett. Nome • P M McMahon H I
C Smith. San Rafael W T C Latham, LsAng
H H Weil. NY |<: G Crowe. Gr Rapids
J H Norton. Los Ang M de Vilmoren & w,
R V Ellis. Hanford j Paris
V.' R Chapman & \v, F W Borden. U S M
Philadelphia j\V. Sexton, Dublin
I Hochheimtr, Willows Miss Sexton.. Dublin
R Insingtr & w, Spo- E Everhar-il'. Oaklcnd
kane : F E Baintord, IT fcj A
G W vcn Cerner & w, : E V." Lehmau, Dun\ er
Chicago F R Ashley. Denver
Mr St Jolin & w, Va F A Roberts, USA
1' A Levas & w. Bay W H Rananle N Y
Point <S D Easton, Los Ang
F P Bush & w. L Angi.I A Shaefer, Stanford
A C Ridway, Chicago G W Luce, Los Ang
F A Hyde. X Y \V H N Y
Miss E A Hyde, N Y ; M Stevenson & w X Y
Miss M L Hyde. N Y W S Kinch & w Ens-
H F Kron. fc- Cruz !
M W Day, Benicia IJ *. Gibtcr.. I^ns Ann
W Hendrickson Jr, Cai.H B Stewart, L Am;
R Fernald. Stanford i g L Hellman, Lcuisvlle
C E Pearsall & w. Calls Strauss. Yokohama
A H Fisher. NY i A V Ropp & w. Oakld
F F Oster, S Bernardln F Leonard. Nevada
T A Snyder & w. Pa Miss Leonard, Nevada
Mrs C M Clement, Pa C E Brown & w Chgo
Mrs T Ball. Pa I A Collins. X J
G Goldsmith. L Ang \V S M«>ad. Knoxvllle
T" Vasey, England H W Clarke, Boston
J G Hoeflich. Ohio
PALACE- HOTEL
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Eeaxnans, Sacto iO Y Woodward & w,
A D Baldwin, Honlulu Woodwards Isle
W G F Nelson, London ; E W Redpath. Boston
D T Royi-w, Chicago: H Codman, Syracuse
G W Bookins. L"s A H J Heacock, Hanfoid
Maud L. Booking. L A C O Kinsr, S L Obispo
Mips Drake, Wister. la <_" W Dahlstron, Cal '
T D Perch. Eureka Mrs G C McDougall,
Mrs "E B Spring & ch, ! f-'an Quentin
New York J \V van Pranz, X T
W J Nelson, Mojave [C W Lenhart, Fresno
King- H Knox. La ; H Waldman, Seattle
W H Jackson, Detroit :H C Ringlor, Portland
E B Waterman, Cal iE R Thumbler Jr, Cal
W S Caruthers. Texas ,F L Dickson, Sta Cruz
W D Warner, Cal W B Nutter. Stockton
F Wood. Boise. Idaho C C Gaines. Sacramnto
Nellie Wood. Boise. ld|T M Akin. Newton, Ks
Fayeue Wood. Boise, ljEd Norman, Kas City
F Kaunz. Ft Jones H Horaish, Cal
A R Condon. D S N Geo Watts, Cal
Mrs F Sutten, Sta F^a Miss McConnell, Kans
E R Bailey. San Jose Jean McConnell, Kan*
<J E Church, Fresno F K Shute, IT S N
H Brinck&tr. Winters F R Devlin, Vallejo
W Brinck&w. Winters A B Lemmon, Sa Kcsa
S L Whistler. Chicago F S Colburn., Seattle
A A Lamont & wite. T F Coo^e. Sacramnto
Santa Rosa F Hen. St LouiE
E Baruch. Berkeley B Zenrastcy, Omaha
F B Shelly, Manila R Froborse, Omaha
W J Walters, Denver J C Donaldson, Detroit
O C Wattles, Denver [Mrs A D Curtis. Los A
F B Meyers. Cincin. OlU Shane. Baltimore
C E Hager&B-, Vallejo A Genell-, Los Banoa
Miss Carroll. Sta Rusa T Elliott, Reno
J W Flavelle. Phila Mrs F Yocom & child,
H Kind.w & p. Nevada Cal
D S Corson. G<1 RapiosjE Rothschild. Chicago
S A NIchoIl, RosevillelA Yule. St Louis
i; B Curtin, Cal Is MacCIintock. Chicgo
T Shorten. New York IF R Wehe, Downievlle
Y F Robertson, Cal IF M Seamahs, Mass
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
Commandant Lotter Ex
ecuted After a Mil
itary Trial.
Arrival of Eighteenth
Infantry on Trans
port Kilpatrick.
BRITISH TAKE
A REBEL'S LIFE
REGULARS COME
IN FROM MANILA
John Rodgers will winter the cracks of
the Whitney stable 'at Morris Park.
George Walker, who formerly trained the
John YV . Schorr horses and now in charge
of the second string of Mr. Whitney's
rtable, has not left the latter's employ
io return to Schorr as reported. Walker
developed Endurance by Right and
Schorr made him a tempting offer to re
sume his former position.
If Walker will consent to campaign a
stable of the Whitney horses for the win
ter and not return to Schorr, the colors of
the foremcst American turfman will play
a prominent part on the toast during the
coming meetings.
NEW YORK. Oct. IT. -William C. Whit
ney \u25a0will probably send a formidable
stable of race horses to California this
season. Mr. Whitney said to-day he
would like to ship ten horses to the coast,
including Paul Clifford. Rowdy. Morning
side. Goldseeker and Pretorlus. provided
ne could make satisfactory training ar
i-angements.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 12.— When
court adjourned at 6 p. m. la the trial
of Caleb Powers, charged with being an
accessory to the murder of Governor
Goebel, the Jury had not been completed.
Six times the panel has been, accepted by
the commonwealth and each time It has
been .broken up by the peremptory chal
lenges of the defense. A special venire
of seventy-five more Bourbon County men
was ordered by Judge Cantrill late this
evening and the work of selecting: the jury;
will be resumed again at 9 o'clock Mon«<
day morning:.
When court opened at 9 o'clock to-day;
there were eleven men In the Jury box.
Gano Shropshire of Scott County was
temporarily accepted, Judge Cantrell
overruling the challenge of the defense
for cause and the panel was ailed. Tho
commonwealth accepted the Jury as It
stood. The defense challenged peremp
torily six of the men. The Jury list of
Scott County men was by this time ex
hausted and the box was refilled by men
drawn from the venire of 100 men from
Bourbon County, who had been brought
into court by the deputy sheriffs.
During the forenoon It became apparent
that these Bourbon County men had firm
ly grounded opinions as to the guilt or
innocence of the accused and they were
excused. "When the venire was exhausted
at 6 p. m. there were ten men In tha
jury box that had held eleven when court
opened in the morning. i
More Bourbon County Citizens
Summoned for Exam
£ ination.
Owner Endeavors to Secure
the Services of George
Walker.
Great Difficulty in Selec
tion of Caleb Powers
Jury.
Their Coming Hinges on
the Question of
Training.
KENTUCKY MEN
ARE PREJUDICED
WHITNEY HORSES
MAY RACE HERE
THIS YEAR'S FOOTBALL PLAY FOR UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
WILL BE HIGH-GLASS COIVEDY INSTEAD OF USUAL BURLESQUE
THE .SAN ; l^RANCISeO CALlL, 'SUNDAY,: OCTOBER 13, 1901.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
25
lilBBBBDBDBBBBDBBflllEBBBBaBHBBaBBBHflBBHBBBBBSiEIBBBIIBBBBBBBHBBBBaHHaaaBH
D " ' .-\u25a0.-....,....
B . "*\u25a0 " \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0
* \3§ky \u25a0 v^mw^^^^\ stop the Drain n s
I vkfiii Imml^mk^A Your VitaIit y Before S
i.MAisn^^mm, \u25a0 ItHas Destr °y ed An s
• s mJ»TH7 W^?m^\W Your Ha PP iness and i
a ' *"\u25a0\u25a0. -' - - \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0
§ Don't allow this daily waste and drain to take away all the pleasures of living; don't see your- g
g "self losing your nerve force, your manhood, when a cure is at hand. You know that you are \u25a0
H growing older and weakefevery day, and that unless you cure yourself now you will soon "
g be a wreck. You have'pains and aches, dizzy spells, despondency, losses by night and day, S
g confusion of ideas, weak back, varicocele, and are growing weaker in every way. Cure your-.B
B self now and enjoy happiness for the rest of your life. . b
| DR. McLAUfeHLiN'S ELECTRIC BELT f
§ Is a great vitalizer. It will cure you. It 'will pour vigor, into the weak, relaxed glands, check jjjj
g all losses arid 'restore the. full strength of manhood. It will renew your old vim and courage, S
\u25a0 stop pains and make you feel like a man among men. You wear it while you sleep, and when \u25a0
2 you get up. in the morning; you will feel refreshed and full of new life. You will get better day 5
J by day, and soon every indication of your trouble will pass away and you will be cured forever, {jj
£ Vanedcefe and Weakness. READ MY BOOK/ I
5 DR/ MCLAUGHLIN: , \ > .' ."• *"" "^ *-* twm \u25a0 «-*^^^^**# Q
g Dear Sir— I suffered ten years from varicocele and at- . You will never do yourself justice until you try mv S
Bi tendant weakness; doctored with various concerris, spend- J ...,., y y \u25a0
E , ing a great deal of money without relief. As a last re- wondenul Belt and see what it will do for you. It cures B
S3 sort I tried your electric ibelt and in six weeks -the vital '^ViAn W£/X* foil r u -c ' ' At l , I
B weakness was entirely cijred and the varicose veins re- when drugs fail. Call, if you can, or send for my book S
\u25a0 duced to their natural" condition. " This ts more than I ex- for tnen oniv Tt i« full r»f thf thin«r«* thnt ;„.„;« «, »
H pected and. more than. any outer remedy could do. Your Ior men . only - «« mil. ot tne. tmngs. that inspire men I
5 -treatment " I shall always recommend and am grateful for to be better and stronger than they are. I send it. sealed "
\u25a0 the cure. Yours truly,, ; LOUIS FOSCALINA, send I Q ' B
| T|R 1UI P MPI AlinHI IN T02 MARKET STREET, CorKeamy.B
8 Ulli Illi Ui IflbLHUUnLlll , San Franciso, Cal. g
\u25a0 . . - " \u25a0\u25a0•" Cffice Hours: 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. . Sundays, 10 to I. Not sold by agents cr> drugstores. n
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0BBBaBBBaaBBiBaaaiiiii BaB S
-. - • \u25a0>.\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . . \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0«
tProf. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of
For Lost Manhood*
Full 5 Days' Treatment
By SeaSed 3flai!«
m C, 0. D. OR SEPOSIT SCHEME.
Every person who is a sufferer from nervous shrunken parts. This spefifiic remedy will
diseases should write the Von Mohl Co., Cin- cure you atany stage before epilepsy results,
einnati, Ohio, at once, and accept their offer with ensuid* consumption andliisanlty. Oal-
of a five days* trial treatment free of charge, thos" goes directly to the seat of the trouble,
This is no C. O. D. or DEPOSIT scheme but a no matter of how long stfmdiDjj, and the pa-
liberal proposition made to unfortunate suf- tient feels the benefit of tho first day s treat-
Terersby thislong-establishedconcern, which ment. In five days tho medicines sent free
; s the larpestiraporter of specifics for nervous will make you feel like a new man.
sexual diseases In the world. The Von Mohl Co. often receives the most
TkaVnnVnHnn ha<» the sole American astonishing testimonials from persons who
rJ&fnMW ' rafcmla'a French TDrenaraUon have taken only five days' treatment. They
pc^ed la this country. of "Calthoe" is a specific cure. Some irre-
In order to place this wonderrul treatment SOO a>ible advertisers are using "mado-up
la the hands of every person who suffers the testimonials, but the Von Mohl Co. Invarla-
rceatal and physical anguish of sexual weax- declines to make public the names or cor-
ness, The Von Mohl Co., hasdecidea tosenaa respondence of any patients who hare been
free trial treatment to all who write at once. cnrea . D t "Calthos* 1
The remedy is 6ent by mail la a plain pack- pj ve <f avs . treatment will be placed In youi
«.pe and there Is no publicity in receiving it or hands free or cost, and you are earnestly
taking It. Accompanying the medicine there nrge< i f or your own sa^e to send for it wlth-
is a full treatise In plain language lor you to out d e i ay . Write to day and send your ad-
read. Take the mealcine privately with per- dress. It is not necessary to give embarrass
feet safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed; j ng details of your symptons. The book ac-
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares, companying the flvo days' treatment will en-
Do not deceive yourself or remain in Igno- able you to take the medicine In private and
ranee while you are beinir dragged down by treat yourself successfully at homa> It costs
this Insidious disease. No matter what the nothing to try this remedy. It may costyou
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses a great deal more to let this offergo by. W£te
or overwork and business cares, the results today. Address THE VON MOHL CO. 156 J.
are the same— premature loss of strength and CINCINNATI, OH IO. Largest Importers of
Deaory, emissions, iia potency, varicocele and Standard Preparations In the United State*; '-.Mrs. • Barsottl, wife of the well ! known
physician, '.Dr. C. Barsottl, has returned
to this city with 'her son Mario after a
tour in Europe. The family have taken
up, their residence at 2308^: Taylor street.
\u25a0Reception days, first Monday of every'
month.
.Mrs. A. A. Louderback has left for a
visit to her daughter, Mrs. Arthur : P.
Lord, who resides in Paris. She will
spend the winter In the gay French me
tropolls... :.. .... •\u25a0• - -
Mrs. Louis A. Morgenstern and . her
daughter Adele will be "at home" from 2
Dr. and Mrs. "W. J. King and family,
Miss King-, Miss Nettie King and George
A. King, have returned to the city from
Mill Valley, where they spent the sum
mer.' \u25a0 ' -• •" • \u25a0• •\u25a0\u25a0 ' • \u25a0
" Mrs. Frank' M. Gray and Miss Lleetle
A. Howard- left. Thursday last for an ex
tended trip through, the East. They will
visit all the principal ( cities, making a
week's stay at the Pan-American Exposi
tion.
.-.Leo E,. Alexander and Michael S." Alex
ander left for the East on a business trip
and are to be gone about five weeks.
Personal.
The Golden Gate Whist Club, of which
Mrs. Lind Fosen of Oakland Is president
and Mrs. H. Bloom of this city secretary,
held their meeting last Friday at the resi
dence of Mrs. A. Clark, 1208 Masonic ave
nue.' The winners were Mrs. J. W. Realy,
Mrs. :C.. N." Wallam, Mrs. N. Cohn and
Mrs. L. Fosen. Besides the officers the
club consists of the following named la
dies: Mrs. F. J. Alger, Mrs. G. A. Casey,
Mrs. N. Cohn, Mrs; A. Clark, Mrs. V. A.
Hancock, Mrs. .C. N. . Wallam, Mrs. R.
Goldman, Mrs. B. Rothholz, Mrs. J. W.
Realy and Mrs. J. Schwartz.
Company D, First Regiment, League of
the Cross ' Cadets, will hold its .'an
nual military ball Friday evening, Novem
ber 15, at. Native Sons' Hall.
Saturday evening, September 28, a mer
ry party of younp people went on a moon
light liay-rida. The start \was made from
the home of Charles Jacoby, in East Oak
land, at 9 o'clock. Upon arriving at Hay
wards Park, the destination, a campflre
was built and coffee made. After supper
the young people sang and danced' in the
pavilicn until morning, when the home
ward start was made. The night was per
fect, and every one had such a good time
that it is the intention of the little com
pany to organize a club for future outings
and parties. 'Among those of the party
were: ! Misses Edgren, . Mina Dickey,
Birdie Pilcher, Margaret Broderick, Bes
sie Smart, Emma Jensen, Antoinette
Smart and NblHe Broderick; R. A. Gulch
ard, Louis Okson, Charles Jacoby, Louis
Guichard, Mr. Westlake, Mr. Brown, Mr,
Guichard "and Frank Norrls.
The members of Company L of the
League- of the Cross Cadets of Mission
Dolores. parish are making extensive prep
arations lor an entertainment and dance,
to be given in Mission Parlor Hall Sev
enteenth street, above Valencia, Thursday
evening, October 17.
Club Parties.
"Wedding Bells.
Cards are out for the wedding of Miss
Maybelle Stone and N. P. Cole Jr. at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church Wednesday
evening, October 16. A reception will.fol-.
low at the home of the bride's parents,
1938 Vallejo street, immediately after the
ceremony. t \u25a0\u25a0 •'
Home Parties.
On. Wednesday evening, September 25. a
surprise party was given to Miss Isabelle
Herold at her residence. 1617V2 Powell
street. Those present were: Miss Isabelle
Mrs. P. Falk announces the engagement
of her daughter, Miss Leah Falk, to Leon
Leszynsky. At home Sunday, October 20,
2 to 5.
. Mr. ; and Mrs. H. P. Peterson of Oakland
announce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Lillian, to Captain Robert Peterson.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Olfinder of Tuolumne
County announce the engagement of their
niece, Nellie, to D. Drank. The young
people will be pleased to see their friends
on Sunday, October 13, from 2 to 5, at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. G. Stern. 1236
Golden Gate avenue.
. Mrs. Haymann announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Bliss Rosie Hay
mann, to Jacob 'Kallmann.
• The engagement is announced of Miss
Elizabeth Sellgman, late of Frankfort,
Maine, to Aaron Ury. a prominent busi
ness man of San Leandro. They will'-re
ceive to-day at'the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Herrscher. . • \
Mr. and Mrs.' M. Herrmann of 2709 La
guna street announce the engagement'-'of
their daughter Bertha to Isidore Raphael
of Los Angeles.
The engagement is announced 'of Miss
Betty Terkeltaub to I. Bernstein.
They're Engaged.
until 5 p. m. Saturday, October 19, at 753
Eddy street, prior to their departure for
New, York.
Miss M. Callahan of 330 O'Farrell street
has returned from New York.
Miss Ruth A. Smith, daughter of Gen
eral and Mrs. J. C. Smith of Chicago, is
the guest of Major and Mrs. W. O. Gould
at their residence, corner of Central ave
nue and Pake street.
A musicale will be given by the pupils
of Mrs. May JJorrington and Mrs:. Alice
Harris on Friday evening. October 18. at
8 o'clock, at Byron Mauzy's Hall, 308 Post
street. . . •
D. S. Jacobs will leave for New York
October ID on an extended business trip.
Mrs. JuMan It. Brandon, Miss Leanora
A. Brandon an-I Master Joseph R. Bran
don left tor the East last Thursday. They
will visit the Buffalo Exposition and all
the principal Eastern cities. On their re
turn Mrs. Brandon will be the "guest .-of
her 3ister. Mrs. Robert B. Stevenson, in
Omaha, Neb. • \u25a0 '• ;•
Mr. and Mrs. John" A. McGrane have re
turned from' their wedding trip in the
southern part of the State. Mr. McGrane
is a prosperous business man of Vallejo.
who greatly surprised his. many friends,
by being quietly married in San Jose
August 18. The bride was Dr. Belle
Woodbury of Oakland, highly accom
plished and well connected. Mr. and Mrs.
McGrane will ieside in Vallejo for \u25a0 the
present.
Mrs. M. Norton of Los Angeles is pay
ing a. visit to her "children 1413 Caro
line street, Alameda. She' will be at home
on Thursdays.
Mrs. Simon Blach of Nashville, Tenn.,
will soon leave, for her home. She will be
pleased to see l:er friends Thursday, Octo
ber 17, a.t the home of her sister, Mrs. C.
S. Aronson, 1833 Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. Friedlander will receive
their friends in honor of the engagement
of their daughter, Miss Buddy Friedland
er, to M. Meyerfeld, to-day from 2 to 5
p. m., at the family residence, 701 Brod
erick'street. . •
After a six months* stay in Los An
geles, Miss Lizzie Harris has returned to
her' home at 1421 Post street. . •
Mr. . and Mrs. Emil Weinberg (nee Ja
cobs) will receive their friends this after
noon between 2 and 5 o'clock at their res
idence, 1752 Ellis street.
Mrs. Charles J. Mund of 1908 Steiner
street will be pleased to see her friends
on the second Monday of each month.
Mrs. K. Clayburgh and Mrs. I. • Kahn
are residing at 2218 Clay street. At home
first and seconu Tuesdays. ' s
FAVORS RAISE
HUGE LIMIT
Givil Service Board to
Submit a Charter
Amendment.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers is considering the advisability of pre
senting an amendment to the. section of
the charter which provides that all per
sons appointed to positions in the fire ,
department must be not less than 21 nor
more than 35 years of age.
The proposed amendment, which will be
filed with the Committee on Charter
Amendments of the Board of Supervisors
for. final submission to the people, contem
plates the raising of the maximum age
limit required for fire department :\u25a0;\u25a0 em
ployes from 35 to 40 years.
This action on the part of the Civil Ser
vice Commission was prompted yesterday
by the application of a former locomo
tive engineer on the Southern Pacific
Railroad \u25a0 for. permission to • take the next,
examination lor engineer In the fire ' de
partment. On being asked his age- the ap- ,
plicant told Chief Examiner Moran that
he was. 36 years of age. The applicant
vas thereupon informed that under' the
.charter, which set the age limit -at 35
years, he was barred from holding a posi
tion in the flre department and therefore
could not take the examination. .
The applicant appeared surprised, and
after • Commissioner Freud had corrobo
\u25a0rated Moran's interpretation of ttie char
ter he proceeded to impart some informa
tion which may impel. the commission to
endeavor, to effect,a radical change in the
age requirement .mentioned. He declared
that locomotive engineers generally did not
become really competent until after they
had passed the age of 35, and he charac
terized the "fixing of the age limit by the
charter at that figure as absurd. He con
tended that the same responsibility de
volved on the engineer of a fire engine as
on that of a locomotive, and it was bad
policy to bar competent engineers because
they are ever 25 years of age.
President Freud of the commission ad
mitted the soundness of the applicant's
argument, and he. Immediately Issued a
call for a meeting of the commission, at
which the subject will be thoroughly dis
cussed. It is not unlikely that the other
two Commissioners will agree with Freud
that the section referred to needs amend
ment, and that the age limit will be rec
ommended to read from 21 to 40 instead of
21: to 35 years for employes in the flre de
partment. . -'
The self-made individual begins at the
bottom of the ladder and ends the job at
the foot of the rrave-
- The guests were: Miss Mazie Golden,
Miss Mollie Cordano,- Miss Elizabeth
Carety. Miss Millie JHoffman. Mrs. C. A.
Priest, .Mrs. M. Wheeler. Gerald -Richard
Griffin, J. A. Cusiok, Robert J; Payne, J.
\V. Wilkins, J. Conn, James F.-Donleavy.
A pleascint affair . took piace at the
home cf Mrs. May ; Rlchnrdson, Schiller
street, Alameda/ on the Sth inst., in honor
cf her sister, Mrs. Kittie Martland of El
Paso, Texas. The decorations were su
perb. At- midnight all adjourned to the
banquet hall, where a.- repast was served.
'A. stringjlprchestra. occupied a palm booth
5u .the main ihrtllway and -danning was -in
dulged in ;Until the morning -dawned.
Among, -the guests Were: Mrs. Mary
...Richardson,.' Robert Richardson, Mrs."
Kittje Martland, "Miss JNellie O'Dea of
Chico, Miss May Davis of Portland, Or.;
Mrs. M. McBernie of Portland, Or.; Miss
Nellie. Hatcher of New York, Major Bert
Smith,' Hon. /William "Ford, . Joseph Al
bany, Charles H. Schuler of Portland,
Or., -and J£. .A.. Bentley. of.. Livermore.:
One of. the prettiest luncheons, of the
week was given . last Thursday by Mrs.
\u25a0 M. Case of 264 East Fifteenth street, East
Oakland, In honor of the ladies of the
informaWjunch Club: It was" an Orien
lal luncheon.- The table and dining-room
were decorated in Oriental style and col
oring, the soft glow from many bright
lanterns completed the beautiful effect.
The ladies .were, attired in pretty
kimonos and Miss E. Hunt sang several
selections from : the Geisha. Those pres
ent were: Mrs. J. Ellison, Mrs. C J.
Lancaster, Mrs. E. J.. Crowell, Mrs. G.
Moulin, Mrs. O. B. Caldwell, Mlas. E.
Hunt, Miss A.. Russell and Mrs. M. Case.
A birthday party was. tendered to Miss
Lulu Rawson Saturday, September 28, at
her home, 918 -.Bush street. Those present
were:" Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Rawson, Mr.
and Mrs. E. \V. Reinecke, Mrs. P. John
son, Mrs. D. L. Nathanson, Misses Regina
Nathanson, Eva .Hettrich,. Frances Dick
son, Velma Johnson, Corinne • Burrows,
Emily Reinecke»and Fleeta Rawson; Dr.
Baker, A. E. Nathanson. Leonard Rawson,
George Barrows, Bert C. Ross, W. Chin
ney, C. E. Culberson, W. Crayton, E.
Madsen, W. Eustace, A. Welch, . Arthur
Johnson and T. Montes.
Mrs. Margaret Wheeler entertained a
tew friends at her. residence recently in
honor of Mrs. C. Priest on her return
from Paris. . . ....,•
Herold, Miss Bettie Lefkovltz, Miss El
vina Borard. Miss Annette Berard, Miss
Henrietta Preister, Miss Theresa Guinas
so. Miss Bella Jacobs, Miss Ida Isaacs,
Miss Martha Wagner, Miss Edna Herold,
Miss Clara Ward, Miss Christine Becker,
Miss Martha Caen, Miss Elsa Herold,
Miss Mattie Knobloch, Miss Burns, Miss
Cassie McGlynn, Miss Eva McGlynn, Miss
Tessie Vahey/ Mrs. Dufair, Rae Jacobs,
Mr. and Mrs. Herold, Leo Herold, Sam
Jacobs, Chester Herold, Joseph Jacobs,
Louis Lefkovitz, Will Sass, Mannie Roth
blutn, David Gardner, Abe Reinhertz, Max
Reinherta, Mr. Connolly, Harry Klarnet,
Mr, Stromberg; John Gindorff, Fred Bler
mann, Beno Herold and Will McGreevy.
Mrs. A. Gerritsen celebrated her seven
tieth birthday at the home of her daugh
ter Mrs. W. J. Peden, 2520 Market streer.
Friday evening, October 4. The following
were present: Mrs. D. W. Wessenberg,
Mrs. D. Hansen. Mrs. H. Mitchell, Mrs.;
M. Stumpf, Mrs. H. Prows*', Mrs. H."
Methmann,- Mrs. J. Hellingsen, Mrs. G.'
C. Sampson, Mrs. W. K. Dubois, Mrs. Pe
ters and Mr3. W. Buescher. A pleasant
evening was spent playing whist by the
following: Mr. and Mrs. H. Lange. Mr.
and Mrs. D. E. Murden. Mr. and Mrs. W.
B. Goode, Mr. and Mrs. F. Lansing, Mr.
and Mrs. W. J. Peden, J. Wilkins, Mtes
L. Wilkins, Miss J/ Hansen, H. C. But
man and S. I. Rees. The first prizes were
won by S. I. Rees and Mrs. W. B. Goode,
the consolation prizes by H. C. Butman
and Miss J. Hansen. The parlors were
beautifully decorated for the event and
dainty refreshments were served.
There was a select party given by Miss
Marguerettc McCormick to a few of her
many friends at her home, 110 Twenty
eighth street, Sunday evening, October C.
The house was prettily decorated with
palms, evergreens and smllax, and a
pleasant evening was spent in singing,
dancing, cake walks, clog dancing and
games. The following- programme was
rendered: Piano solo, Miss Maggie Sta
ley; song, "When the Harvest Days "Are
Over, ' Miss Alice Nelson, accompanied by
Miss May McCormick; song, "Coon,
Coon, Coon,". Chase Lippi; clog dancing;
Miss Marguerette McCormick and George
Alayles: song, "Goo-goo Eyes," Missed
Alice Nelson and Marguerette McCor
mick. and Charies Simon; Al Osterloh re
cited, "How Zachary Set a Hen"; piano
soio, Miss May McCormick; cake wallr,
Miss M. McCormick and Charles Simon;
• bailors Hornpipe," Joe McCormick. •
Those present were Misses May McOcir
mick, Mar§ruerette McCormick, Alice Nel
son Mae Nelson, Maggie Staley, Mrs.
Lippi, Mrs. McCormick, Professor Llppi,
Joe Osterloh, Charles Simon. Albert
Osterloh, George Mayles, Nicholas Mc-
Cormick, Joseph Lippi and Master Joseph
McCormick: .
The. Kimball family held Its eighth an
» a u reunion on October 3 at Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street. The members of
the family name consist of over seventy
P e |", s ons residing In California. The Kim
balls date their arrival in the United
btates as far back as 1634, when Richard
Kimball, a native of Ipswich, England,
arrived in Boston. During the war of the
Revolution there were 128 of the members
01 che family who saw service and 5n
every succeeding war the name has
adorned the army register,, even down to
me late Spanish-American issue. At the
last .meeting an association was formed,
with the following officers: —
'President,' Frank Wlllard Kimball: first
vice president, Charles Lloyd Kimball;
second . yj V e •". president, Roy T. Kimball ;
recording secretary," Miss M. Alice Kim
ball; corresponding. secretary, Miss Sarah
Louise Kimba'l; trcasurti, Roy T. Kim
ball; librarian, Miss Gertrude M. Kim
ball. . \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0 v. ' \u25a0 : .\u25a0 •
.. LORODORA" theater parties, a
I *>^ few quiet luncheons and two
~i l" |f society engagements \u25a0were the*
events. in social circles during
I , the' weekr The announcement
£^JJy ot the . Hopkins-McNear en
/ gagement took jio one by sur
prise. The handsome and popular Miss
Georgiana Hopkins and the well known
and liked Frederick McNear are busy re
ceiving congratulations on all hands.; -
The other engagement is that of -the
beautiful Miss Indio Willis Scott to.Ar
thur W. Spear, announced to the consid
erable surprise of all but .their intimate
friends. Miss Scott is the : niece of Mrs.
Willis, 1840 California street, and TVIr.
Spear is the son of J. S. Spear, Collector
of the Port, with whom he is in business.
Miss Viola Piercy gave an elaborate the
ater and supper party this week at the
Columbia Theater in honor of the brides
maids and ushers .'that attended the
Bruce-McMullen wedding.' V Those in the
party were Miss Charlotte Bruce, Miss
Alice Bruce, Miss Arnold. Mrs. L. M.
Hayes. T. Goodman Hosmer, Arthur- D.
Geissler, W. W. Burnett, Charles Fickert
and' Dr. C. C. Collins, U."S. A. Supper
was served at the Palace: Grill. ..
...RELATING TO SOCIETY...
We sAn FiRANOisco \u25a0 call; sunday, October 13, 1901.
26
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TXXrp^T't.'XTSf'B! M H M '111,
OC33A2T TBJLVXXL
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FREE I
Rmsann ts permanently removed by DR.
WW'SlsS*? jr.d MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE.
B^V^^S'^6 Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
tfV^S'S'yivS with the electric needle, without
a!jSi=*& "^-j? pain or kcht. First sitting free.
?S^^8vA*» Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
Sa^^^^ JS Toilet Cream 50c; Brahman Tooth
P^SjJ — 1"©3 Powders-, 25c. All druggists.
<TOJw|aMHpai Large, stock always at J. S. Potts
.'v \u25a0 \u25a0. .
. Is all you have and you can-
< (XM^-VlfelL not afford to let Incompetent
'fflf*>y3*v' and' inexperienced dermatol-
flw ; s*» .-ogists experiment upon ; it.
liivv The best is always cheapest
rTv**' In the end. and bungling
• • ' '\u25a0' - treatment is: : dear at any
price. By a ', simple, painless operation
our surgeon, 1 specially -.trained for such
work, corrects an .Hl-shaped nose, ears,
mouth, double chin, flabby .throat. droop-
Ing mouth, saggy cheeks, .without scar,
and permanently removes wrinkles, freck-
les, large pores, blackheads, warts, moles,
hair, red nose, red veins, birth, powder
and pock marks without pain. Call or
address <N. \u25a0 Y. Institute of Dermatology,
San Francisco, Cal., Columbian building,
916 Market St. (opposite Emporium). Take
elevator to fifth floor. Lady in reception
to explain methods to callers.
EAELWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Irnlui !«\u25a0>»»•• nml m*« dim to itrrli* Hi
nan riCAN<:iM«:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
J.EA.VE — FKOX OCTOBES 6. 1901. — AKBJTX
7:00a Benicia, Suisuu, Elmir* and 8«cr»- .
tuento 6:t3p
TtOO.v Vcc*ville, "VVitUrs, Rumsey 7:53?
S :«» a M Jiriir tj, feau ltainon, Vallejo. K*r*>
Oaileti (ja and Santa itoan/. OtSSf
6:OOa JHtIs, Woodland, Knigate Landing,
MarjsTilie. Ororitle 7:5!lp
S:OOa Atlantic I'.xprecs— Oeden and East 12:2Sr
h:«»» NUes, L»tlirop, Stockton 7x2»r
S:»Oa Mies, Mendota, Hanford. Visalla,
PorterrUle 4:55r
8:3U a ShacU Expreaa— DaTls, William* (for
Bartlett SpriEgs), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. 7«6a*
lil«l Sin Joie. Utermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plaeerrille,
MHrj-sfil!^. Clilen, lte.l Jlluff 4<23r
*«a« a Oakdalr, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4:23r
«»:<HIa Harward, Kiles aud War KUtioui.. 1 1 :53a
»:OOa VaUejo ls«:23*
*svva JU» Aageles Erprese — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. otockton, Merced '
Frectio and Lo» Angeles 7:25p
tt:SOA Vallrjci. Martinez aud Way Station* 7iS3p
1O:VUA Th« O»erlai«l Limited— Ofiden, De-n- .
Ter, Omaha. Chicagc 6i55p \
fl:*»Or Sacramento liirer Si«>»<ers 1S:O»A
»:3<tp Hajward, Nilrsand War Station*.. 7;53r
4iuur Itenicla, Winters, Kacrameifto, - ,
Woodland, KnWUta Landing,
MurjiiTiile, Orot ille ." 10:33a
«!««rMartliiM, Hau Uainon. Vallejo,
Naj.ii. CiiliaUtKa. Santa llora «>2."5a
4-00p KUm, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi... 12:»3p
4s3«P Hayward, Klle«, ban .loee, Lirtrroore t»:SJ A
4t3»p Port Cob'». Tracy, Latt.rop. Stockton 1<i:25a
3:V0f The Ctrl Limited— Fresuo, Tulare,
Uakersfield. baiigiw for Santa Bar-
bara, Lus Angeles 8:53a
•tOOp Martinrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
oed, Fresno 12:25p '
B:30r Kev Orleans Expre«a— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakentield, Los Angeles,
lJcnJng, El l'uo, yew Orleans
and Esst 7i35a
«!:O«lp Bartrard. Xiles and Sau Jos« "T;.Vt*
10:O<»i- Vailejo 11:234
«:0«rOrienUl Mail-Ogden, Cuejenne.
Omaha, Chlctgo.; \u25a0 I2:25p
B:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Dearer,
St. Louis. Chicago 4t25p
"iOUp Oroton and California ISxprniii.Hao- -
rnin«ul<>. M»rjnville, Iteiliilng,
1'tjil.luiMi. l'uu-l rSinind and Kast 8:SSt
Si«3r6an Pab'.o. Port Costa, Martinei
• •\u25a0A Way Htatious 11«25a
«mtO.%p Vallojo 7:Mp
COAST LINE (Sitrrow «»nge).
(Foot otMnrkct Street.)
\u25a0 tlO* Newark, <Jentcrtllle,b»n.1o«o.! r rltoii.
BoitIderCreek,8autaOr»zaud Way
hUtliiuK »«30p
(SilSr Vetrark, Centerrille, ban J(«e, Kew
. Almadeo, Pel ton. llou!d«r Creek,
Bauta Cruz and I'rinclpal Way
.Stations I«:»OA
4slSp Newark, San .1oi>f . I^w GaUw ... ' •»•»:»(»*
«9.3»p Hunter** Train— Sen Jose and Wsy
KUtiong i S7.20r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom S1I f ElKCISCa— Fool of Jdiriel Strut (Slip B—
1l.lt V.W ]1:00*.M. 1-.C3 3:03 6:15r.u.
rTCffiCUUfC-retU'13iinl«Rj.-tn ; oo *B;00 1S:05
10.00 ».». I2.S3 3.03 i:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (tlroad <J»o B e).
(Thin* mtd Townaend SU.)
' «: I Oa San Jose and Way NUtiont. «:iiop
7:00a Hau Jose »"<l Wny&Utinns l-.:t<>p
/7s«VA Kew jUmaden /4il0p
»>OOa Han Jote, Tre« Tioos. Hauta Ornx,
r»ciiic <;i.,»«. halinsB. San Luit
Oblspo, BaaU Barbara and Prin-
;: • dp»IJ'itenne<JUteStaUiiiis.. ..;... 7;45p
10:30a SanJcbs aud Way (Stations 4:1 Op
I I:IIU Han Jose •»<» W«y Station* .„ 5ta«F
1«:«»r San JI«tTO, Ke.lw«KxI, Mei.lo Fark, »
' Talo Alto, Santa Clara, Sun .l«me.
Tret Plsoz, Santa Cm/., Salinas.
Mouierey ai><* Tactile Grore 110:15a
K«a«pSanJo«!*nd Way StaUoua.. ! ?" A
< 4tlSr San Joseaixl 1'rii.cipal Way Station. »:J*A
t»:O*rSan Jos«. \M* Gatos and.rxlndpal
WaySUtlons
»:3Op Rui Jnso and Principal Way Station* K:.16a
SiOOp Eedwood. Kan Jom, Gilroy, S»11dm,
Santa Barbara. Lo« Acgelfs...... 1O:O3a
C:3«r San .lose ami W»y Mtati.Mi* f !t :< 211 A
«| I :«.1p Sin Jtur.ii'l 'Vty Statlmw ClgOp
. A tor Morulnt. I* '<* Aftenioou.
t Sunday excepted. J i,""' I ? y only -, «,
« Saturday only. - "/ Tuesday* »ud Fridajs^
THE WEEKLY GALL
$1 per Year.
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
1 5L-" Steamers leave Broadway
fBfa. Wbarf, San Francisco:
rlcSSfefc. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ra.,
fWQPrlJW Oct. 3. 8. 13, 13. 23, 23, Nov. 7,
; Chang© to compaay's steaaasra
j fe^KSff^«1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B«
J r^^TOrar**" C). Port Townaend. Beattla.
Taeoma. Everett and Ns-*
SI* Whatcora fWash.)— 11 a. BL.
Oct. 3. 3. 13, IS. 23, 29, No*. I.
Changs at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska, and O. N. By.; at
Seattle* orTacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Vancoortf
to a P. Ry.
For Eureka (Homboldt Bay)— 1:» p. m^ Oct.
4, 9. 14. 13, 24. 23, Not. t.
For San Dl-go, stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara. Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. tn.
For Los Ang«les. calling at San Simeon, C»y-
uco3. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlot*.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Enssnada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Faz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. xn.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtala company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right to chang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODAIA PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
\u25a0 ••-'.-"! 10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R. &N. CO.
Only Stenm*hip Xilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LO1VJ3ST 3FS.^V"r3BS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aad MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15. 25. Nov. 4. 14. M
SS. OEO. W. ELDER
Sails Oct. 20. 30, Nov. 9. O, »
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..! Montgm'y. 3. V.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Amaricana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
AREQU1PA ....Oct. 171PERU Nov. •
"•LOA" Oct. 26IPALEJTA Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. \u25a0
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
BA.LFOUR. GtJTHRIK A CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA 1 R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $10; Meals Fre*.
5. S. Hysdes sails Saturday, Oct. 12
5. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Oct. 19
6. S. Leelenaw sails Monday, Oct. 28
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st
F. P. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent. '
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAYY YARD AND VALLEJO
Steamera GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO \
$:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., exceot Sucdar I
fT 1^ 'kftoJ** '^ »- Le"ve\ & Valw; '
I a. m.. 13:30 noon. • p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 l o., 4:U l b, Far* tt cmtal
TilePtea* Main 1501. Landlnf and i ofSc* rSSi
t JJlasloa-it, flocJk HATCH BaO3»
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street • Ferry Depot.
' Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
\u25a0 Dally •' Daily Daily
I7v. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•' Vlsalia... 3:40 p .... 4:48 a
-"•Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
.".Kan.City 2:40 a, 7:30 a, .".?..:..
" Chteago 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning-, p for afternoon. * ' '
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace • Bleeping •• Cars '\u25a0 and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation . of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
\u25a0 tickets -are honored on this train. i Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:65 p. nu Tuei-'
day and Friday. . - \u25a0•
4:20 p: m.- is Stockton, Merced and Fres--
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12;80 p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno^
• Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, . stopping
at all points in SanJoaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a.m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. -.... ' \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.. • \u25a0 .•
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L?ave Via Sausalito Ferry • \u25a0 Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
'4:15 P. 11:30a. 4:25 p. 5:55 p.
1:15 p. *-"•• w « kI) v««i7. 5:55 p .
F>n, S*a TrmocUfo ts Sammlt «ni Betan, ll.CO.
Ocket OSct., Ul JUR&EI glUEX mi 6AU5AUTO KSBT. .
iflfiMl14lNPHR
i lnuilLJ
fSMP- FROM'THE EYES'
IS THE NATURAL READING -
l W^ DISTANCE HEARER OR FURTHER
f J$ ABNORMAL AND "HKD5 iKVE^TIGATIOM
" v "*' CAIL aho SEE US -
Opticians'
v -*^> 642 Market St. c-r-
UMDER CHROHICLEBUILDlriG.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong \u25a0 with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
: Wednesday. October 23, ISOt
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 18, 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
Round-trip tickets at ' reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
"W-.H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
nff T0RK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI5.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Oct. 23 Philadelphia .;.Not. 13
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30 *Vaderland Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
, "Stopping at Chert>ourg eastbound.
. INTERNATIONA^ NAVIGATION CO
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
occanics,8.co.sis
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck- f
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct. 24, 10 a.' m
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24. 10 a. m
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Nov. 2, 2 p. m .
J. D. SPEECHES k BIOS. CO., Ssnerai Aaants. 327 Harbi St
Qen'l rasssngsr GISss, 643 Market St, fisr Ha. 7. PaciSe St
COMPAONIE GENERALS THANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *.j*«_
tailing .every Thursday, Instead or &$ TrrSk
[Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier «. «3S!»Qa5
North River, foot of Morton street; *L' AquU
taine. Eeptember 19; -La Brstagne. September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savole. Oo-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. 170 andupward. Second
claes to Havre, U5 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FCQA2I & CO.. Pactflo Coaat
Aeents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ac enU*
•Twin Screw Ezsreii Steamers.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BL CO.
LESSE3
SAN FRAHClSCr AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Feet «T Oarttct Cm
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:80, 9:00, 11:00 a. nV.;- 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:00
and 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m
San Rofael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45/
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays—^Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. . . • •• -
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 5:49.-11:10 a." m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. . •'
Leave I In Effect I Arrive -
San Francisco. I April 28, 1301. | . San Francleeo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Kovato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm ?.:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, \u25a0 . 10:25 am
, 6:00 pm lliealdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton, . . . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . r
GeyEerville,
3:30 pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
7:20 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:Z5 am
3:30 pm I S:CO am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm -_ - • \u25a0 "- 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10;40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| ' Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs, and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at. Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservtlle for Skagg's Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for. Duncan '
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy. Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel -Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Biverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Eanhcdrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal, Willits. Laytonville. Cummins,
Beirs Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market , street, , Chronicle
building. • ' \u25a0 . - -.;• • • ' \u25a0 i
H. C. WHITIXG, R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta Ferry.
Commencing September 29. 1901. \u25a0
FROM BAN TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a, m.,
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, *10:00. *U:30 a.m.. 1:VL
3:15. *4:45, 6:30. 9:30*p. m. ' • '.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-'5:25, 6:27. 7:45, * 8:35, 10:15
a. ril.. '12:25, 2:15, *3:35, 4:40,. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
arvi Saturdays at 6:43 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •S:©©, •i0:00, -11:45 a, m
•1:40. •3:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m'.
Trains marked (•) start from. San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:45, , 6:45. 7:53, 8:55 10-30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m. . '
EXTRA TRIPS on , Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:C5 a. nt, '12:05, 2'15 8-20
5:00, 6:45 p. m. .\u25a0•\u25a0. • • •
.-,_... ... THROUGJI TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero. and way sta-
tions. ; .. '
1:45 p: m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.:" -.'\u25a0'\u25a0 I \u25a0 " \u25a0 \u25a0 »• .- • •
8:00 a. xn. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
et&tlons.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
iLadies' \
I Faces |
1 Made \
1 Beautiful
|5 I positively guarantee that all wrinkles,
•5 moth patches, freckles and all facial blem-
4 ishes will be removed by my personal office
> treatment.
Thousands of 4@Bk "
:j; faces disfigured by v#mSsL
:» blemishes have <4S»^»*f*&
5 been treated sue- Jsl§*?^s!$i
at my »i^$MBlt
15 Dermatolofical In- ' te^*SW
ititute— the largest ; jSJ^T*'
'n America. Many \ C. |^
t happy woman V» P*
las attested to the y *L*p* - V
pod results that J«« V_
las come to her Jsj&l6& »KTl
from my efforts J^RSC*
and skill. But my f /3i[*Ks»i^»-^lL0ViJ
own face is the
bast endorsement of my methods. I pos-
itively guarantee youthful freshness restored
to impoverished skin and faded complexions
.„ ani court the fullest investigation of what I
% claim.
ILOLA MOHTEZ CREME Sf£H£-
;» sue builder, a skin restorative and preserver
*; of b eauty, of known value.
14-DAY -HJUB RESTORER atu d r y .1
> restorer, guaranteed to restore the coloring
;" pigment to Its original condition, thus repro-
S ducing the natural color of the hair. - • -
I SUPERFLUOUS HAIR gSffgfi;
% only means ever discovered — the Electric
3 Needle as operated by Mrs. Harrison.
3 LOLA MONTEZ To ladles out of town
I.HP..P r B rr sendine this ad with 10
JCREME FREE
3 Montez Creme and Face Powder, Free.
\\' Visit my Partors and see <whaf may
j j , be done for you*
!MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DtrmaJbtagist
78-80 Geary Street.
AJ3VEE.TISE1CEINTS.
STRAIGHT FRONTS,
LADIES, THIS' SHOULD BE YOUR STORE FOR CORSETS,
We are the only Corset House in San Francisco and make a study
of your wants. We have the styles at the right prices and_expert..fitters._
to wait upon you. We fit and alter all our Cornets free of charge and
repair your Corset at actual cost. • - — v^'
FLANNELETTE UNDERWEAR. .
We have just received our. stock of Flannelette Wear for Fall, con-
sisting of Gowns and Petticoats, and are showing some of the prettiest -
styles you have ever seen. , •- / < •
M$ Monday i2S
' 2 5 dozen LADIES' FLAN- Wfe^fV \
>{ (WfWi " NELETTE SHORT PET- Imtlt /V
\ WA\l7 • TICOATS in fancy stripes, _. -^3(jjf(^/ /
<& l*QJy yoke belt and deep ruffle. r ""\|l$VA
Mfcs Price 25c Each. ~fjffv
/r\\ THILDV -ALICIA"/ /' I
V V ST8AICHTra0K V 25 dozen LADIES' FLAN- V«™«"™™" J
HILDA, the only NELETTE GOWNS, full ALICIA, made In
genuine full-gored, cut and length, made of a -the very latest cut,
bias cut corset made heavy quality, in fancy gSgS^fflJgJgl*
at the price, made of stripes, nigh neclc, turn : cf flpe gray and
white and gray cou- down collar, sizes' 14" fo I/. Tt « Tt°H tl1 . f a n d
ill and black sateen. /API Rore'd and b?as cut"
Price 81.00 Per PflCe 69C tHCh. ££ »1.3O Per
g ( -j c LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS; good, heavy quality; yoke- trim-
med in pink and blu» silk, embroidered edge on collar and cuffs.
SI. 00— LADIES' FLA>NELETTE GOWNS;' good, heavy quality; braided
yoke, large sailor collar, silk embroidered, ruffled.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY KILLED. SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
Cb*&SG6B2$ C&PSBi QSBap
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO, j FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE j OAKLAND - - CAL.
| In at Tourist
'{\u25a0 Burlington tourist sleep- \\\ . ' \\
j ing-cars are right lip-to- _ til. i y.
date — wide vestibules,^
J Pintsch gas, marble wash- A^y'C^T^^^' (T^^^^-
; < basins, double windows — I ' \^ :B^- i~~*^
They leave San Francisco Tue»- ! tf?~vj '\u25a0 ?S^2
P days and Thursdays — Omaha, Chi- IkW xfiSlU?
K capo, Kansas City, St. Louis — EV- Jrcffi i .
Always Afraid Something Dreadful
is Going to Happen. Why Should
Women Havejthe Blues More
Than Men?
: \u25a0 ' ? . ., ,
When a cheerful, brave, and light-hearted woman is suddenly
plunged into that perfection of misery, the blues, it is a sad picture.
It is usually this way :
She has been feeling out of sorts for some time, experiencing severe
headache and backache ; sleeps very poorly and is exceedingly nervous.
Sometimes she is nearly overcome by faintness, dizziness, and pal-
pitation of the heart; then that bearing-down feeling is dreadfully
we£trin or *
Her husband says, "Now, don't get the blues! You will be all
right after you have taken the doctor's medicine.
But she does not get all right. She grows worse day. by day, until
all at once she realizes that a distressing female complaint is established.
Her doctor has made a mistake.
She loses faith : hope vanishes ; then comes the morbid, melancholr,
everlasting blues. She should have been told just what the trouble
was, but probably she withheld some information from .the doctor, who,
therefore, is unable to accurately locate her particular illness.
Mrs. PlrLkham has relieved thousands of women from just this
kind of trouble, and now retains their grateful letters inner library; as
proof of the great assistance she has rendered them. This same assist-
ance awaits every sick woman in the land. Write her to-day.
OA ft fjlJTmtSW BlilJ.iHBI it^\u25a0fc^iPSHl^^^'^^^3 ufcHflMlDfecK^F \u25a0 .^CtrH I t¥ mm HL^^^JtJA
How Two '-Women Were Cured.,
" Deab MBS.' Pinkham : — I was troubled yery much, with female weakness, '
falling of the womb and "bearine do-wn pains. Could not walk fifty yards with-
out stopping to rest, and could not do my work. Life was a burden to me.
Now, thanks to Lydia E. Pinkham's vegetable Compound I am well
and hope that erery suffering 1 woman •will write to you and be cured."—;
-Mbs. H.R- Wells, Castlegate, Utah. (Aug 1 . 29, 1900.) . . ; >« . ... \ '.. *
: "Dear Mes. PnrasAM: — Please send me your advice in my case. Tha
doctor has examined me, and said my womb was out of place, crooked, and
inflamed,. and that he could do me no good. I am twenty-nine years old and
been in bad health for five years. Menstruation is not regular, have & dis-
charge all the time, have sleepy spells, my sides and back hurt all the time,
and am' reduced, to a mere skeleton."— Mes. Maqqee Stabkett, Keyser,,
W. Va. (May 16, 1900.)
" Deab Mrs. Petkham : — I highly praise Lydia E. Pinkhatn's Vege-
table Compound for the good it did me. It caused my menstruation to
come all right which had not been for one year, and I am otherwise well,
thanks to you." — Mus. Maggie Staebett, Keyser, W. Va. (Oct. 4, 1900.)
_ \u25a0 \u2666
ApAAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the Nation al City Bank of Lynn. $3000,
IrklJ I which will be paid to any person who caa find that the above testimonial letters
.a 1 S are not geaalno, or were published before obtaining the writer's ipecial pe>
VU U VUf mlgsion. LydJa E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mm.
VICHY SfKtNCS,
Th« only place in the United Btates where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J, A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietor*.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano SUtlon
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
SI per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, Lessee. -
LAKEPORT "AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Spring's,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-'
port and Bartlett Springs. • Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:20;- arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
cenger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. \u25a0 Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Eprlngs call for tickets by Bartlett Spring!
Etace Line. - , -
- MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.The Rose Gold Reclamation Company,
614 Call Building, this city, has awakened
a new and widespread interest among
mining men over the problems of reclaim
ing and saving the fine gold and platinum
values contained In deposits of auriferous
sands and gravels. Already contracts
have been entered into for placing a num
ber of plants in operation and the appli
ance is inspected daily by large numbers
of those whose attention has been called
to this really wonderful invention. That
it saves the gold and . platinum values
from sands Is an absolutely demonstrated
fact and a consideration but little' less im
portant is that it is simple and inexpens
ive both in construction and operation.
Tlie New Gold-Saving Appliance De
scribed in Last Sunday's Call
Attracts Attention.
MINING CIRCLES INTERESTED.
"Such an undertaking would practically
mean the closing of the mines for a year.
At the end of that time the surplus lead
would be consumed and the new enterprise
wouM be greeted with a remarkably fixed
market instead of the shallow, shaky one
of several years."
The Ashland Tidingrs tells of the explo
ration for copper In Southern Oregon. It
says that the copper resources of South
ern Oregon and especially in the vicinity
of tho Siskiyou mountains, near Ashland,
are under Investigation, with promise that
they will be : extensively exploited in the
near future. Field Assistant of
the California State Mining has
recently traveled through the Siskiyous
from Ashland Butte to Preston Peak.
and, should the Coeur d'Alenes be given
the cold shoulder, they could either pa
tronlze the Independent companies or,
wha: is more likely, build a mammoth
plant of their own. The last plan has
been seriously considered. Should It be
done it would mean the entrance of a new
competitor, with an available capital of
from 525.000.000 to 550,000,000, prepared by
the aid of the silver In Its ores to mine
and smelt cheaper than any other organ
ization.
On Sunday. October 20, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an Excur
sion to Uklali, through that most pictur
esque section of California— Marln, Santa
Rosa and Russian River valleys—charg
ing only $2 for the round trip. Each
ticket sold insures a seat, for the com
pany will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. Tickets
now on sale at office, 650 Market street
(Chronicle Building), and at x.ouron
Ferry. Time of departure from Tiburon
Ferry will be 8:30 a. m. From TJkiah on
the return 5 p. m.
TJkiah Excursion.
Peter S. Holmes is suing Maurice Leib
mann for $10,000 damages, which he alleges
were inflicted -upon him by Lcibmann in
causing his .arrest on October 10 'on a
charge of petty larceny. 'Holmes was ac
quitted of. the charge'.. - • •• \u25a0 . N
Maurice Lsibmann Sued.
The work of scattering the sand can be done
by the regular street sweepers, and the results
of our experiments show that when the sand-
Ing is properly done the amount of extra work
in cleaning up and removing- this sand when
the etr-iet becomes dry is hardly appreciable.
We do not think it will be necessary to sand
all the bituminous rock or asphalt pavements,
as some of them do not become slippery.
Neither will it be necessary that the sanding
should be done every day, but only on such
days or parts of days as the conditions of the
weather may render the pavements slippery
enough to cause horses to fall. Believing that
the extension of this sandinc of the principal,
heavily traveled, smooth pavements will be
greatly appreciated by the public generally, we
respectfully submit the matter for the consid
eration of your honorable board.
We believe the only thing necessary tn this
matter would be for your honorable board to
provide a sufficient number of metal receptacles
along both sides of the blocks which are to
be sanded, and keen the same filled with the
suitable kind of sand.
Receptacles for the Sand.
We have no particular suggestions to offer
as to the manner in which this work should
be performed. Our experiments have shown us
that the two essential points are: (1) That
the Ban.I used shall be clean, sharp sea sand,
free from loam, and (2) that it should be very
lightly scattered over the street. We believe
the scattering car. be done better by hand than
by mechanical method, as the sand can then
be placed just where and when it is needed.
Demand for Noiseless Pavement. .
"The people generally demand that smooth,
noiseless pavements shall be used In the retail
districts. As a matter of humanity, however,
it is desirable that something should be done
to prevent the numerous accidents which are
continually caused- by the slippery character
of these pavements on days when the pavement
is slightly wee We fee! that the benefit to the
entire draylng and teaming community, if these
accidents can be prevented, will be more than
sufficient to compensate the city for the com
paratively smsll cost of the work, and that it
is the duty of the city to do something in this
matter.
Whereas it was a common sight on wet days,
before this was done, to see several horses
down on this block at the same time, we have
not heard of a single case of a horse falling
since this sanding has been performed.
The results ot this experiment have been so
satisfactory that we are convinced of the de
sirability of extending this sandlnc of the
pavements to such other smooth paved streets
in the heavily traveled business portion of the
city as require it.
We beg respectfully to report to your honor
able board that the experiment which thp
Merchants' Association has been trying, during
the last few weeks, of sanding the bituminous
rock pavement on Montgomery street, between
Bu*h and Pine, to prevent horses falling, has
proven a comDlete success.
The Merchants' Association has ad
dressed the following communication to
the Board of Public Works in regard to
the sanding of slippery streets:
Th<*re Is general uneasiness throughout
the Coeur d'Alenes, so says the Wallace
Hdaho) Press, over the mining conditions
of the future. No agreement has been
reached by the mining and smelter men
for the handling of ores after the first
of the coming year.
"Contracts," says the Press, "have been
male with mine owners in Colorado, Utah
and elsewhere and these.- together with
the Missouri product, will be able to fur
nish all the lead ore that is needed by
rhe smelters for the actual work of smelt-
Ing, although they cannot supply all the
lead required by the United States. There
are a number of smelters In the country
lhat are independent of the lead triustg
The Treka Journal predicts that a very
rich copper mining district will be devel
oped in the northwestern corner of Sis
klyou County, near the boundary line of
Del Xorte County on. the west and Joseph
ine County, Oregon, on the north. The
mines are situated on Joe Creek, a tribu
tary extending In Siskiyou County to El
liott Creek on the State line and also at
Preston Park, near the Del Xorte County
line, several miles south of the Oregon
boundary.
The New York Commercial says that the
lower prices for copper cannot affect the
companies tha-t have been producing for
a fraction of the present market price.
Low prices must follow increased demand
and, in turn, bring great profit to those
who are producing copper on modern eco
nomical lines. Copper, like every other
commodity, and particularly those In
which great results often follow small in
vestments, must fluctuate in value. The
preat holdings of the metal made it highly
probable, some months ago, that there
would be a slump In prices.
The Florence (Ariz.) Blade reports that
the Lost Dutchman mine has been redis
covered in the Four Peaks country, sixty
miles north from Florence.
The Yuma Sentinel says that the report
is current that the Hedges gold mines
have been sold for $L250,000. The mines
are situated about twenty-five miles west
from Yuma and have been In the hands
of a receiver for some time during the
progress of litigation.
Lead limners Troubled.
\u25a0 The Sonora Union-Democrat says that
the Rhode Island mine Is being put in
first-class shape to resume operations.
The diminishing water supply Is closing
many mines in Tuolumne County.
Captain De La Mar is planning to dou ;
ble the capacity of the Bully Hill smelter.
Bays the Redding Searchlight. An addition
will be built that will equal the present
plant In size. For several weeks the cop
per ingots from Bella Vista have been
chipped east as rapidly as possible.
Ten claims comprising the Alta group of
mines situated on Sugarine Gulch, in
North Cow Creek Mining District, Shasta
County, have been sold to Frederick
Ga-ttes.
Doubling Capacity.
Thomas Evring of Los Angeles has
bought the Leland and Mitchell mines in
,* rizona. The price is reported to be $50.
000. The mines are in the San Francisco
district-
According to the Kingman correspond
ent of the Los Angeles Herald tin has
been discovered in Mojave County, Ari
zona. "William J. Roe found specimens
which assayed 75 per cent of tin. The
location is on the Colorado River, so it
is reported.
The sixty-ton plant of the Oceanic
Quicksilver Mining Company In San Luis
Obispo County is about to start up. The
product will go principally to Los An-
The Angels Record says that a large
bond has been placed upon the Royal
mine at Hodson, Calaveras County, the
price being set at $1,500,000. Work has been
begun on the Last Chance mine at Hod
son, adjoining the Royal, and a shaft
will be put down. The Utica is about to
close down for repairs to the ditch and
flume and for other necessary work. The
stamps at the Melones mill will be in
place in about a month. Retimberingr is
nearly finished at the Sultana,
The Magnet, reviewing the mining news
of Tuolumne County, says that the Raw
hid«" and App mines have shut down for
a clean-up and to prepare for the winter
run. The Clio Is driving a working tun
nel. The Soldier Boy quartz mine hag
been bonded by Johiv G. Davis and Sam-,
uel Hamilton from J. K- Hunter, and
they will begin operations ebon. The
property is near the Hope mine. Two
companies have been organized to operate
the Eberhardt property, near Quartz.
Three feet of Enow recently fell on the
Mono road.
On Monday if next week the annual
convention of the California Miners' As-
Eociation will open in this city. The cus
tomary elections of delegates are proceed
ing and the returns seem to promise that
there will be as large a gathering of the
miners of California as usual. Secretary
Benjamin, who has worked for the good
of the association with zeal ever since
the organization of the body, is in con
tinual correspondence with the people of
the mining counties. He looks forward to
nn enthusiastic convention.
The general nature of the business to
be considered, so far as It can be fore
casted, was outlined in The Call a week
ago. There may be new matters of some
importance to come up that are not yet in
shape to talk about.
The committees axe about ready to re
port upon the several topics assigned them.
The debris dam on the Yuba is likely to
become the subject of considerable ani
mated discussion. Some of the daily pa
pers published in the mining counties are
already taking the matter up with vigor.
The convention will be in session three
days.
Advance Advices Prom
ise Many Delegates
at Meeting.
Merchants' Association
Suggests Plan to
City.
FINE SEA SAND
FOR PAVEMENTS
MINERS PREPARE
FOR CONVENTION
With reference to the first count; charg
ing the prisoner with having presented a
faise. fraudulent and fictitious voucher,
the court said that- the evidence on the
part of the Government tended to siiow
that the United States was Indebted to
the Selby Smelting and Lead Company in
the sum of $49S 37, and a bill therefor had
been presented for payment, and by an
agreement- between - the Selby Company
and- Superintendent' Leach- the samefwas
on the same day offset. by a claim for the
same -sum'held by the • Selby- Company
against • the United States for material
furnished, and this bill had "Paid Marclv
2(5. 1900," indorsed upon it and was there
upon returned to the Mint. • The court
continued:
I charge you that If the claim of the United
States .i gainst the Selby Company ,was settled
In the manner stated, such settlement. Was In
effect' a payment or satisfaction of the claim,
and after such settlement- the Selby Smelting
and Lead Company had no further . charge
against the United States. I further instruct
you that there was no excuse or defense for
the defendant presenting: that claim thereafter
for payment, with a full knowledge of \u25a0 the set
tlement. If the jurors are satisfied beyond a
reasonable doubt that. he, Dlinmtck, presented
for payment on April 7 or on March 21,- 1900,
this voucher, knowing that the same had been
satisfied and that no money was due thereon,
and demanded payment of $498 37 and received
said sum from the' cashier, you must find the
i".ef enciant guilty on the tlrst count of the in
dictment.
With reference to the fourth count the
court charged that if the jury were satis
fied that Dimmick, not being the depos
itary of the money, had received it from
the cashier and used it in a manner not
prescribed by law. they should render a
verdict of guilty. .... ; ,
Mr. Collins took all the exceptions that
the law allowed him. The jury was out
less than half an hour. and. stood on the
first ballot ton for conviction and two for
acquittal. The maximum sentence that
can be imposed is five years' imprison
ment on each count.
Next Tuesday at 11 a. m. was the day
set for sentence, i *
Charge to the Jury.
It had bc^n the custom in the United States
Branch Mint in this city for many years be
fore Mr. Leach took- charge to sell t!i<> old
lead and other material to Junk dealers, but
Mr. Leach conceived the idea of saving it to
the Uovernment by having it shipped to the
refinery and the value thereof returned in
new material. It was thereiore impossible to
ascertain what was due to. the Mint lor such
old material until after the old lead h;»d been
rotined. The Government had never questioned
this method of do-ins business, and it should
be presumed therefore" to be lawful and
proper. Even if this method of disposing of
the old materials' were, irregular, it does not
justify the defendant in using the money of
the Government for his own purposes.
Judge de Haven charged the jury, but
he read the charge in a tone so low that
the majority of tne persons in the-court
room could barely glean the context. He
advised the jury that the second count of
the Indictment had been stricken Out on
demurrer, and that the Government had
failed to prove the third count, which
charged embezzlement. He therefore in
structed the jury to render a verdict of
not guilty on the second and third counts.
In reply to the attacks made upon Su
perintenuent Leach, Mr. Denson made the
following statement in substance: \u25a0
Eeplies to Attack on Leach.
The result of the trial was a substan
tial victory for the prosecution after a
battle brilliantly fought on both sides.
The counsel for the Government, United
States District Attorney Woodworth, ex-
Judge S. C. Denson and his' law partner,
Bert Schlesinger, were handicapped by the
fact that according to the testimony of
Cashier Cole, their chief witness, the
finacial and clerical affairs . of the Mint
were conducted in an extremely unbusi
nesslike manner, and by the further fact
that Cole paid out J49S 37, to Dimmick on
a worthless voucher without making any
entry of that transaction, although at the
time he thought it peculiar, and tnat Cole
made no report of tne aiiair to Superin
tendent Leach until ten months' after
ward. \
The task of removing this handicap was
intrusted to Mr. Denson, who mane the
concluding argument for the Government
yesterday forenoon, ihe counsel opened
the matter with tact and . discretion.
He said that oniy for tne fact that Attor
ney Collins had read to the iury garbled
extracts from the evidence he wouid "have
no hesitation in submitting the case to
the jury without argument.'
Walter N. Dimmick, ex-chief- clerk of
the Mint, Was found guilty yesterday, by
a jury in the United States District' Court
on the first and fourth counts of theln
dictment. .The first count, charged that
the defendant on April 7, 1900, presented
to Cashier Cole of the Mint a false, ficti
tious and fraudulent voucher for $498 37,
and the fourth count charged him, not be
ing a depositary of public money, witn
having appropriated and used that sum
for a purpose contrary to law. ; \u25a0 ; \u25a0 !
Mrs. M. E. Reene will build three fiats
on the north line of Washington street,
133 feet west from Polk street, on designs
by Albert- Sutton. The structures will
cost $13,800.
The Metropolitan Improvement Com
pany will build two houses, to cost $10,000
each, on the southwest corner "of Pine and
Broderlck streets.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will auction real
estate at 638 Market street at noon next
Tuesday. Among the properties to be of
fered are the followine:
1220 to 1222 Vallejo street, near Lea venworth ;
124 to 126 Hawthorne street, near Third; site
for flats on the north line of Twenty-third
street. 92 feet east from Guerrero; Page' street
residence, 924. near Devlsadero; cottage at 1735
McAllister street, near Broderick; flats at 2S19
2S21 Golden Gate avenue, near Willard street;
five building lots 'at Buchanan and Greenwich
streets, southwest corner; -residence at 38 Nor
folk street, near Twelfth and Folsom; cottage
at 3S1 Jersey street, near Castro; building: lot
on the south' line of California street, near
Seventeenth avenue.
F. D. Marsh of Burnham, Marsh &
Co. is expected home from the East to
day. During his absence he has made a
study of conditions in Kastern business
centers. He has also made deals in which
San Francisco properties figure.
\u2666 Davidson & Leigh have removed to 219
Montgomery street, where they will oc
cupy the entire store.
Sol Getz & Bro. report that confidence
has been restored in the Richmond and
Sunset districts and that many improve
ments are holding the interest in those
promising sections of the city. All recent
sales by these brokers are reported as
follows:
Lot 25x120, on the east line of Twelfth avenue,
between H and I streets.- with 1%-story resi
dence, from Bertha Tlschbein to Josephine
Yost. $2400;- lot 25x123, on * the west line of
Ninth avenue, between I and J streets, with
6-room and bath cottate. from S. S. Reed to
Jane Hoey. $3500; lot 25x120. on the west line
oT Ninth avenue, south of K street. $700; lot
25x100, on the south line of J street. 32:6 feet
west of Sixteenth avenue, $350; lot 25x125 and
one-story cottage on the west line of Hartford
street, near Eighteenth, from H. Schrelber to
William J. Colvin. $1800; lot 25x100. on the north
line of L street, S2:6 feet east of Korty-seventli
avenue, ,}200; lot 50x120, on the easi line of
Forty-fourth avenue, ICO feet south of J street,
$400; lot 25x120. on the west line of Ninth ave
nue 150 feet north of J street. $800; lot 25x120,
on the east line of Twelfth avenue, 150 feet
north of Clement street. $S03. . ,
Thomas Magee & Sons report the sale of a
lot on the southeast corner of Howard and
Hubbard streets, 26 by 112:6, with an L, for
Charles R; Bishop, for $12,500; let 137:6 by '137:6
on the northwest . corner of Green and Stelner
streets for $10,160; lot 25 by 125 on the west line
of Devisadero street, between Turk and Eddy,
for JS600; property on Eddy street, near Taylor,
for $723 per front foot, $35,000 for the whole.
David Bush & Son' have made r s ecent
sales as follows:
E. A. Majors to E. A. Smith, 263 acres in the
Tgnacla Valley, near Concord, Contra Costa
County, for $75 per acre; W. M. Sheldon to W.
S. Briggs, 4000 acres situated eight miles east
from Cloverdale, for $20,000; villa home of five
acres in Selby lane. Fair Oaks, San Mateo
County, for Mrs. E. Lacy, to Mrs. Tay. for
Jfi,-jM): for El Cerlto Land Company to Mrs.
M. B. Spaulding, lands In the El Cerito Valley
Tract for f 2000.
Country Lands Sold.
Lot with improvements consisting of a three
story brick building on the southwest line of
Eighth street, fifty feet northwest from Na
toma, 27:2 by 75 feet, for Solon H. Williams, to
Mrs. Dolores A. Sunol, for SI 1.500; lot 25 by 110
feet on the north line of Golden Gate avenue,
87:6 feet west from Central, for Henry Good
man, to John B. Spaeth, for $1100. A lease lias
been made for Mrs. H. Rolfe to Hlrschfelder &
Meaney by the same brokers, of property at
Twenty-first and Folsom streets, at the rate
of $175 per month. There Is a two-story build
ing on the lot.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the follow
ing additional sales:
Two lots on the west line of Polk street, 92
feet north from Union, for N. J. Ellis, to H.
E. Pennell. for $4000, the lots being 23 by 100
feet each In size: two lots on the north line
of Union street. 12C feet west from Polk btreet,
each 25 by 137:6, for Moses Ellis, to N. Neller,
for $4000; lot 25 by 137:6 on» the north line of
Union street, 1S2 feet west from Polk, for
Moses Ellis, to M. J. Larsen. for $2000; lot 25
by 137:6 on the north line of Union street, 100
feet west from Polk street, for Moses Bills, to
Lewis E. Brown, for $20CO: lot 25 by 137:6 oil
the north line of Union street, 151 feet west
from Polk, for Ellis, to Wlggin, for J20C0; lot
on ziorth line of California street, 103 1 /*. feet
west from Buchanan. 34:4% by 137:6. with
eleven-room residence, from Laura A. Vale, to
Frederich C. Morgan, for $11,000; lot on north
west corner of Leavenworth and Washington
streets, 70 by 137:6, for Edward A. Kluegel, to
"Walter H. Linforth, for $16,000; lot 20 by 114.
on the south line of Jersey street, 200 feet
south from Douglass, with five-room cottage,
for Wells, Fargo & Co. 's Bank, to C. Clundt,
for $1600.
Miscellaneous Sales.
Three houses on the southeast- line of
Mission street, 75 feet southwest from
Sixth, with lot 50xS5 feet, have been sold
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. for Charles K.
Zimmer to Francis B. Noonan for $30,000.
The same brokers also report the follow
ing sales:
George \V. Frlnk and Minerva Plummer to
Dr. Jules A. Simon, large house on the north*
line of Sutler street, 16S:3 feet east from De
visadero, lot being 76:4 by 164 feet, for $12,500:
M. L. O'Loghcn to E. Maxfield, northeast cor
ner of Fourteenth and South Broderlek streets,
26:3 by SG:3, for $3000, with seven-room house;
Alta Building- and Lean Association to B. A.
Meyer, lot 26:2 by 115:9 at 512 Diamond street,
for $1200.
A. M. Speck & Co. report the following
recent sales:
At the referee's sale of the Crooks prop
erties at the rooms of G. H. Umbsen &
Co. the north corner of Third and Jessie
streets. 69x83 feet, with improvements,
bringing in $435 per month, was bought
by Benjamin Komaine for $133,000. Prop
erty on the southeast line of Stevenson
street, 117:6 feet northeast from Third,
00x69, with frontage of 47 feet on Jessie
street, brought $2b,o00. The sum of $40,000
was paid for the property on the south
east line of Stevenson street, 57:0 feet
northeast from Third, the lot being 60x69,
with an extension of 27:6 feet to Jessie
street. W. K. .Lutz paid $2tj,oOD for the
property on the west line of Uupont street
at Nos. 915, t'17, 919 and 921, with a three
story brick luilding. J. A. Cooper and H.
A. Powell purchased jointly the lot tS4:8x
137:6 on the north line of Washington
street, Nos. S32 and S31, between Dupont
and Stockton streets, with brick building
thereon. Ail the remaining properties of
the heirs were disposed of, the total sum
realized for the wnole of the offerings at
the sale being 5276,905.
The property at 749 Market street, in
which is Dennett's restaurant. opposite-
Grant avenue, the lot being 25xluO feet,
has been so!d for $95,000 by Mrs. Mary To
bin to Mrs. Trowbridge.
Willard M. Sheldon has purchased from
Thomas B. Bishop and Ralph W. Briggs
property on the northwest line of Mission
street, between Twenty-third and Twen
ty-fourth, with 100 feet frontage on Mis
sion street and 75 feet on Bartlett street
in the rear, being the Briggs cottage prop
erty, for $20,000. The brokers were David
Bush & Son.
Business Properties.
Additional large buildings are to be
erected soon on Mission street, which is
rapidly assuming a substantial appear
ance. Two deals- were made in the past
week in which the California Casket Com
pany was the purchaser. That corpora
tion has in mind the erection of a tirib
seven-story building. One piece of- prop
erty acquired by the Casket Company is
on the southeast line of Mission street,
275 feet northeast from Sixth, b7:6xl20 in
size, the seller , being J. H. Fredericks.
The price is reported to be $32,ihW. The
second property is on the nortnwest line
of Minna street, 275 feet northeast from
Sixth, the seller being, Ates B. Angell. In
this deal the Casket Company gets U7:bx
40 feet for $13,000. In botn instances the
brokers were Bovee., Toy & Sonntag.
A large hotel structure will soon stand
at the northeast corner of Sixth and
Minna streets. . Eight builders' contracts
were filed at the City Hall yesterday, call
ing for the erection of a six-story anil
basement brick and frame hotel and store
building- at the site indicated. The owner
is the C. Meyer Estate Company. The
contracts so far placed on record indicate
a cost of $75,000. Michael Lyons is the
architect.
Victory for Posecution in a
Well - Fought Legal
Battle. w ! -
Large Buildings and Sales
Denot9 Progress of
Realty.
Ten Years' Imprisonment
Is the Maximum
Penalty. • :
Contracts Are Awarded
for Structure on
Sixth Street.
DIMMICK GUILTY
ON TWO COUNTS
NEW SIX-STORY
HOTEL PLANNED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing This Afternoon. Oct. IS.
A TIPTOP BILLI
The Renowned Eastern Comedians,
MONROE, MACK
and LAWRENCE
In "How to Get Rid or Tour Mother-ln-Law."
First Time Here of th»
DE COURCY BROS. '
. Herculean Acrobats.
Another New Face.
THOMAS BAKER ;
- , . Monolorist knd Parody Vocalist
Vaudeville Debut of
MAUDE SORENSEN
Assisted by
Master TOM DUNN and GLADYS SORENSEN
Presenting "A Manager's Fate."
MITCHELL S BARNARD
. Gotham's Favorite Vocalists.
THE 3 KEATONS
' And "The Man With the Table."
WILFRED CLARKE & CO.
Giving a Revised Edition ot "In the Blograph."
V. .... -a New Views by th»
BI06RAPH
' \u25a0 i^. Last Week of the Beautiful
SISTERS O'MEERS.
Tight "Wire Queens.
': . " . . COMING! THE
BEAUX and BELLES
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren,' 10c. any part except reserved. A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
.of Balcony, reserved. 25c.
UULUIflUm lEADlJta THEATH£
to-nTght
And for a
. . . , THIRD AND FINAL 'WEEK.
Beginning To-morrow.
SO THERE TOU ARE. ! T
ONLY NINE MORE PERFORMANCES '
. . Of the Great Success,
IT'S BRIGHT. IT'S CATCHT.
IT'S PRETTY. IT'S BREEZY.
-Last Time Next Sunday Night.
FYTDi Beginning MON- Q|
LAlKrliM DAY, OCTOBER \u25a0*»
ROBSON
. \u25a0\u25a0 AS
" BERTIE THE LAMB"
In Bronson Howard's Great Comedy.
"THE HENRIETTA"
- Most Magnificent of Modern Revivals.
, . A Veritable All-Star Cast.
Maclyn Arbuckle, Russ Whytal, Dorothy
Rossmore, Mary Kealty. Estelle Carter. Laura
• Thompson,' Clifford Leigh. Charles Lane, Joseph
P. Keefe. Charles R. Gilbert, Roy Atwell.
. SEATS READY NEXT THURSDAY.
»^ JM9X r f TV M "t
NOTICE.
On account of th« death of Mark Than tWs
theater will remain closed until TUESDAY
evenlns.
Box office closed until Tuesday. J p. m. Hold-
ers ~ of »*ats can have ian« exchanged after
J p. m. TUESDAY. \
TUESDAY EVENING— All N«xt "Week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Elaborate production of John A. Stevens* suc-
cessful melodrama.
WIFE FOR WIFE
One of the most powerful realistic plays ever
. presented.
pnifCC Evenings 10c, 15c. »c We. Mo
I nlLCO Matinees 10c. 15c. Sac
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
NOTICE.
On account of toe death of Mark Tball this
theater will remain closed until Tuesday even-
ing." Box offlc» closed until TUESDAY. 3 p. tn.
Holders. of seats can hive sams exchanged
after 3 p. m. Tuesday.
\u25a0 j BEGINNING TUESDAY EVENING. i
' \u25a0•; The'Faroe that Crazed New York.
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS,
- Greatest of all Sensational Farces.
--•-\u25a0\u25a0 Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
\u25a0 PRICES— 15c. 25c. 88c. BOc. 75c.
CHUTES^D ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
superb vaudeville bill!
harry "Harmon.
THE WORLD'S GREATEST HIGH DIVER.
EVERY THURSDAY~N!GHT,
THE AMATEURS.
EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT,
C A KB WA LK.
' " Telephone for Seats— Park O.
17TCr«TIl?l>»C CONCERT HOUSE.
r lpylliLn D Admission 10c.
Bartelinese: Maud. De Alma; Harry Holmes:
HwrHuber: Robert Ellis: Sydney SmlUa: Val
Vousden: S1WU Puerarl and Lilian Sllnkey
and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a., m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
- ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including; admission. 23c Children, 20c.
WeiyGtSLOflwYeaf
PALACE HOTEL;
For a. quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of. the world
to San Francisco. Guest*, enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. " _ ' : \u25a0
GRAND HOTEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. V • % ; MATINEE TO-DAY. _ .'.''.'
FAREWELL NIGHT OF '
JO&>EF»H MAVUORXH
\u25a0 . '\u25a0• \u25a0 ;: .- \u25a0 • : IN •: v- ;
'fHA/VVLET."
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
\u25a0 . EVENING. . •
The Greatest Flay of Recent Years.
THE LITTLE MINISTER,
- .- . •' -.-By John Arthur Fraser.
The only authorized . version of J- M. Barrte'a
Celebrated Novel.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c,' BOc,. 75c.
"Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees* ISc.
-•\u25a0 .- Branch Ticket' Office -Emporium..
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, /sdgt ; US. I. GRACE, Sllyptr.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY... October «
OPEN STAKE
—OF—
EIGHTY NOHINATIONS.
NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
..JOHN GRACE..
.^CHALLENGE CIJP..
- L. FOR A PURSE OF :V /:
THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS.
TRAIN SERVICE: .
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a. m .
11 a. m., 12, m. and 1 p.'m. i Twenty-flfth and
Valencia streets live minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course. San
Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
'.' ADMISSION 25 CENT^.""%ADIES FREE. '-.
AmMAmA.
8 NIGHTS, Commencing' THIS EVENING,
Matinees Tuesday. -Wednesday,- Friday and
• .4 -,..--. - •\u25a0- ."- 'Saturday^ . t : ;-'
Messrs. Elllnghouse and . Oppenhelmer announce
, . : . the appearancoof
MR..CHANNING ELLERTS
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
y , . • , 50— -ARTISTS — -50 ' ' :
BIG.- GIUSEPPE CREATORS. Director.
.. ... ."*.'': : Assisted i by.-; - . •: ;
... MME. JOANNA .BA'RIU.' Soprano. '-';=:
MISS , IDA - B. ; HEINTZEN... Harpist.
\u25a0 Friday Evening— "CREATOREV Night.
Special: popular nigrht— Farewell— Sun.. Oct. 20.
PRICES— 50c 75c. $i; . Box,se«.ts. *1 60. Seats
ready at Alhambra Theater Bor Office.
EVENINGS .AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GRAND~OPERA
'PAUL STEINDORFF, Musical Director.
To-Nlght .T7NABUCCO
\u25a0 MONDAY. OCTOBER 14. ; % : ,
... VERDI ; NIGHT. ..
In Commemoration of the Birth of the Famous
. - -\u25a0\u25a0 . ' Coiniioser.- . : - ;. .
Scenes ,From "TROVATORE." "OTELLO."
i? "AIDA," "LOMBARDI" and "NABUCCO."
Tuesday.' Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-"
. . : day Matinee, • ... .
Verdi's Splendid Jl ragi: Opsra,
ERNANI.
. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Nighti,
The Famcus Doable Bill,
ifAGpAGCI
\u25a0\u25a0 MONDAY. Cctob:r 21st—
"L/V BOHEME."
--\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 "With a, Strcnser Cast Than Ever..
POPULAR PRICES-^23c- 50c and 75c. '
• I ' Telephone— Bush 9.. * -
'' VV -\u25a0\u25a0; '•'\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0 "^ "n-jl^jjj-rrn '
'• . BEGINNING THIS EVENING, (
. SATURDAY, MATINEE. ".
First time In this city of Geo.'H. Broadhursfs
New ' and Latest • Musical Farce, * <
RDDOLPHandiDOLPH
With" the Two Emperors of Germany,
MASAN AND MASON,
And" a" Blsr" Co'muany ! of Comedians.'
Pretty Girls, New Soncs, Catchy Music. \u25a0
- . •; ;' \ \u25a0 ; SEATS READY.
Next Sunday, October 2(V-"A FEMALE
DRUMMER,", with Johnstone .' Bennett.- Seats
Thursday. ' ' - : .- . ; »
HILL'S THEATER, S^SfcJ.
(Remodeled Pabst Cafe.). Cor.' Ellis and Pow-
ell First-class .vaudeville, i Ladles' . Orchestra,
Moving: Pictures. . Matinee ' Sunday, 2 p. . m.
Admission entire house, 25c. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0 .-:.
SHERMAN & CITY'S H'LL.
Two'Song Recitals by Mrs. M. E: Blanchard
(Mr Fred Mturer accompanying), Tuesday, Oc-
tober 22 at 8:15;- Saturday, October".26, at 3.
Tickets,- Including reserved seat, 73c and 50c, at
i Sherman-Clay's store. - , ».';: -.' . ' . • '
"A splendid style that suggests the bet-
ter elcmentts of Emerson, i Ruskln and
Hugo."— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
The b
Allirmative v cSarles
Intellect fergusox —
Here is a man with a message! The re-
markable • reception given to "The Re-
ligion of Democracy" showed that his mes-
sage is a vital one. In this new book it is
•clearer, the style more lucid and no less
brilliant, the note of confident . hope
stronper and fuller. In an "age of intel-
lectual depression" it rings out like s a
bugle note on a frosty, morning. Under
Mr. Ferguson's pen Christianity is ;no
longer seen as .mere eccl?siast!cism, but as
a new world-order, of which -Americanism
is the foreshadowing; the University,
broadened and democratized, the center;
the affirmative intellect— the intellect that
. creates, • Initiates. ' leads— Is the- - dominant
force. The part to be played by the Prot-
estant Episcopal Church is of special In-
terest-.
Julian Hawthorn ei "He has the
power of independent thought, and of the
creative, or artistic faculty. He is not a
mere echo. He \u25a0 is- positive, not pQsslve.
These are great merits." . . _\u25a0 .
12mo, Cloth. »<><•.. net. Pontage 7c.
The Miracjes
of Missions Vol. iv J-st Out.
\u25a0 By A. T. Plermon, D.D.
Stories of interesting marvels and' hero-
ism on mission fields. Four vols., uniform
style and binding. • \u25a0 \u25a0 •
New York; Obnervert "Stories of.
adventure and heroism, conversions from
idolatry and paganism, which constitute a
new book of the Acts of the Apostles, and
will bo read with thrlllinsr Interest." - •
Vol. IV 12mo., Cloth, Illnntrated,
DOc net. postage lie; Paper 30c
net, pontnffe 8c. Vols. I, II and HI—
12mo.. Cloth, Illustrated, U each; Paper,
35c each. : " \u25a0 '
rUtfK & WAGNALLS CO XPANY, Fob . New York
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— LXTRA
REMEMBER THE DATE!: THURSDAY AFTERNOON', October, 17.
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE. Beginning At 1 o'clock. .•-.. . •
THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT
IN AID OF THE CHARITT FUND OF THE '" ; ' . '
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO. . " •\u25a0 r
HALF OF THE GROSS RECEIPTS TO BE DEVOTED TO THE •= ; ;
McKINLEY MEMORIAL PXJND.
MONSTER t10GRAME| ?
LOOK AT THIS ARRAY OF NOVELTIES I • ". \ - . j
• American Debut of POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN JUVENILE OPERA COMPANT
in an Act of the "BELLE OF NEW YORK." GRACE DUDLEY and the DOUBLE
SEXTET from •'FLORODORA." CAMILLE D'ARVILLE..' ROYAL ITALIAN. BAND.
MASON and MASON and LOTTIE WILLIAMS-SALTER from "RUDOLPH and
ADOLPH." Scenes from "CARMEN" and "NABUeCO." TtvolL j BRIGHTEST- SPE-
CIALTIES from the ORPHEUM. Act of "THE LITTLE MINISTER."- Second Act
of "TOO MUCH JOHNSON." LATEST MOVING PICTURES. IMMENSE ORCHES-
TRA. , . • ; ,.• ...\u25a0; '. \u25a0 : • • ; ' . \u25a0 '•\u25a0'. '_ " : - . " : _;; V-" : ,
Rsssrvsd Seats, \u25a0• $1 and $2. Boxes, $20,
: $35 and\$50..v
Sale will begin at the Grand Opera-house Box Office. Monday Morning; at 9 o'clock.
\u25a0
\u25a0
\u25a0
i"i**i-«".'V'«".*y . . 1 * t"i * * * * * «—*«««» « « • « «-«-«-\u2666-*—«—.—\u2666—«-.-• .........
Dry Goods \u25a0'8§Jggp Company.
WINTER NOVELTIES
EXCLUSIVE, ARTISTIC, UNIQUE AND
ATTRACTIVE.
Cloth and Satin Faglans.
Novelty TailoMnade Suits,
Cloth, Satin and Velour Coats,
Silk, Cloth and Velvet Dress Suits,
Styles, Grades and Prices Suitable to All.
JUST ARRIVED!
MAN TAILORED SUITS,
Blouse and Eton effects in the stylish black,
brown, navy and striped material. A limited
number ordered; to be sold at a special
value of
TWENTY DOLLARS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocVton Streets, San Francisco.
UNION S<PUARE.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0ll»||||||i|IEBIISB»HH
s OFT PRICES TTO COT COMPETITION I
\u25a0 ; --AT THE— - s
! GOLDEN QAIE j
| CLOAI^ AN^Smj HOIBE |
I No disappointments— floods Exactly as Advertised, g
\u25a0 OUR GARMENTS HAVE EARNED A §
g STANDARD OF MERIT. \u25a0
\u25a0T £3^ EXACT FIT>\p SUPERIOR FINISH, g
S i|F //. \ Stylish Tailor Suits $10. g
5 J^tWl \ Three different styles— Pure , Wool Black B
S ' Venetian, new box effect— Pure Wool Black ,
H rf^a nf^ Golfing Suits, nobby Eton style— New Gray sg
® ll 1 Eton Suits, jackets satin lined, has velvet col- B
Bi 11 A . lar. newest skirt, with silk and, velvet trini- Bi
5 / X ! minjz; excellent values at $14.06";" " bur orice g
a/^Jo $L$k Fancy Trimmed Tailor g
"BBl wWl Suits $15,00. S
S VH^i V/ Black and Navy Blue Venetian; they are g
\u25a0 \8kS \ made and trimmed in the height of fashion: g
m N»gf \ must be seen to be appreciated. Exceptional §|
\u25a0 V value at $20.00. Our price .......?15.OO q
" T vN^ R|ch Tailor Suits $25. \u25a0
g ' '/ 'Made of fine Broadcloth, eleRahtly lined, g
H / sJt0&&!&&? highest- srrade of tailoring; plain. \u25a0 but very g
BI Vs^ilL^^^^^ rich/ Real value $32.50.. Our price $25.00 r
\u25a0 RAGLANS. NEWMARKETS and AUTO BOX COATS. THE i
H NEWEST CREATIONS, at POPULAR PRICES ....;..........,.... g
g .. .$8.50. 910.00, $11.00, 912.50. f 15.00 g
\u25a0 NOVELTY RAGLANS, exclusive styles V. ... \u25a0
la ..925.00, 930.00, 935.00, $45.00 1
\u25a0 2 SPECIALS^-OXFORD NEWMARKETS, with ; double cape; at \u25a0
B , , ...,...:... $1-1.00 \u25a0
m KERSEY RAGLANS, hew yoke, back, at! .. . .$12.5O \
B 500 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS, new cut; at $2.50; 93.50, $4.OO. $5.1>O B
U 500 FANCY TRIMMED SKIRTS at .................:.....:..:..... \u25a0
IB : 93.5O, $4.OO, 95.OO, 97.5O. - $S.5O. 91O.OO g
g MISSES"and CHILDREN'S. LONG and SHORT COATS .. I
lg ...........92.75 to 925.00 g
j§ 1230=1232=1234 MARKET ST, S
I RBBaiBHHBBBMBBIBiBBHPaiCTHaBHBMBBaBgaHgBliaaaBnPailB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT?VETVrT*H a fl w bj^tw,
AKH7SEMZN2S.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
28
CLAIRVOYANTS— qontlnned. .
A— PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT—
IN HIS OWN HOME—
417 ELLIS ST.
417 ELLIS ST.
417 ELLIS ST.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE!
WHAT YOU CAME FOR!
* JUST WHAT YOU WANT TO KNOW!
Free Unless Correct!
CONSULT ORMAN, KING OF LIFE READ-
ERS and ORIGINATOR OF ORMANOLOGY,
which combines astrology, palmistry, psychol-
ogy, clairvoyance, splritauramancy, hydro-
mancy, crystal and shell reading. Why does
Ormanology give the most satisfaction? Be-
cause it enables you to know your present and
future through the best ancient and modern
sciences in one sitting and for the same fee.
Through the practice of Ormanology Orman
has attained fame; no Imposition
or guesswork; health, wealth, success and hap-
piness attained through the occult and magnetic
powers of this remarkably gifted gentleman.
Orman develops personal magnetism, which
causes success In business, love, marriage:
restores lost affection; reunites separated; gives
power over friends, enemies and removes evil
Influences; whatever may be your anxiety or
wishes, whether you are skeptic or believer,
consult Orman; he will surely help you and you
will never regret It.
_\u25a0 Orman, the wonderful, tells you what you
came for, and just what you want to know,
and what you are most anxious to know, at
a glance. Orman's predictions and advice are
infallible and beyond dispute; describes past,
present and future affairs of life so clearly that
he excites the admiration of all.
Lowest fee, $1, . this week.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 7:30 p. .m.
Sundays. 10 a. m. to 2 n. m. \u25a0
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN HIS OWN
HOME—
417 ELLIS ST.
- WESLEY ORMAN.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 123 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents tl; palm, and clalr. sit, tl 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth;- private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis St., greatest of all
: crystal .seers; reads your life correctly; tells
past, present, future; full names given; sit-
tings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
MRS. ARMSTRONG, scientific palmist, astrol-
ogist. clairvoyant reader; 50c, Jl; hours. 1 to
5. 7 to 9. 1055' Broadway, Oakland, room 8.
BROCKWAY tells everything; if you are con-
templating a change in business or social life
consult him. 299 Hyde St.. corner Eddy.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 313 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st.. nr. Fourth.
NATILLA. clairvoyant-palmist. 334 O'Farrell;
one question free; occult sciences taught.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c. 9ol Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp for clr.; L., 25c; G., SOc. 917 Howard.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader :palmistry;
truth or no payi; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmdre .«t.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, So; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAsT
PARRY. 1511V4 Market St.: phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlnsr Works— Cleaning.
• 3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st..
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden ,Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlns: Co.. 210 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure j
DR. DUNCAN. ?0fi I\>arny at., room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chargn un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
PARKER ave., 136, In rear— 4-room cottage for
rent, $5 ; water free.
DENTISTS.
A^dKTt. S. HiGGINs7~92T*Market~str«r
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, en plate, look natural and
guaranteed, |5 up; a good metal plate $15;
\u25a0 gold and porcelain crowns, {5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly;' teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 30 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and- fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
c lit a rest an<1 guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. \u25a0 LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, •
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
' 50c; plates, $3, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
.- on, weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.' -
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 ICearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
, PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MoSatt.
MEETING NOTICES— -SUNDAY— -Con.
A— SPIRITUAL test meeting. 909 Market st..
tront hall; 11, free, 2:30-8, 10c; Mrs. Vlgars,
Mrs. Hodgson, Dr. Brodtkorb, Hargrave,
W i I son. Prof. Holt; good music.
SEE and hear Harmacheis, mystic, occult me-
dium to-nielit lecture on "The Magic of
Life"; tests to all; 10c. 332 O'Farrell Bt.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hall,
305 Larkln— Oct. 13th. 7:30 p. m.; speaker, Mrs.
R. S. Lillie; admission free.
MISS EBERHARDTS meetings Sunday eve. &
Tuts., Thurs. 3250 22d Et.. bet. Mission and
Valencia; 10c.
ARNOLD &~DICKSON'S wonderful materializ-
ing seance to-night; readings to-day, 50c, 91.
201 Turk st
A— MUSTAFA. Egyptian materializing seance
to-day. 2 p. m. ; 8 p. m., 50c. 1610 Bush St.
W. G. KEEGEN holds a spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 14S Sixth.
Mrs. GUlingham. spiritual test meefg this eve.;
assisted by Mrs. Griffin ; 10c. 305 Larkln st.__
MRS. STODDARD, convincing tests to* all; cir-
cles 10c; Sun., Tues.: read'gs daily. 278 9th.
OAKLAND Woodman Hall. Twelfth St.— Spirit-
ual test meetlns, 2:30-7:45. Prof. Perkins.
Frof. A. Willis' hypnotic demonstration, Mon.
eve., 8 p. m. 909 Market St.; admission 25c.
EDWARD EARLE'S wonderful slate-writing
seance to-night. 328 Ellis st.
MEETINGS — Unlveraal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League, 310
O'Farrell st.— Public meeting to-night. Sub-
ject. "Capital Punishment"; musical selec-
tions; all invited; to-morrow night, entertain-
ment and Greek symposium; proceeds human-
ltarian.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <$«___*£,
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY EVE.. __g_3E!__:
Oct. 14. Members and visiting
brothers welcome. siMtfi>
A. W. BENEDICT, N. G.
HALL of Hartnagel Supreme Arch Chap- >Ao
ter No. 3, U. A. O. D., Druids' Hall, 413 EL?
Sutter et., San Francisco, October 12,
1901. — The officers and members of the above-
named chapter are hereby notified to meet
at their hall TUESDAY, October 15. at 1
o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late Brother Arch Druid,
N. J. KRUKAU.
JAMES F. MARTINONI. C. D.
JOHN HUTTON. Secretary.
YOSEMITE Tribe No. 103, Imp'd O. *?~v.
R. M.— Funeral notice: Chiefs and
brothers are requested to assemble — ___-
at Red Men's Hall, 320 Post St., SUiNu-^Y.
October 13, at 11 a. m., for the purpose of
attending the funeral of H. CLERC DE LAN-
DRESSE JR. F. G ADAMS, Sachem.
GEO. H. STEIN. Chief of Records.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calaveras Mining, Water
and Power, Company, in the Johnston and
Scott Hill mines, near San Andreas, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek;
from Charles Hilton, in the Calvaritas Hill
mine, at Calvaritas. Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining into O'Neill
and San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal and A. Rose, In the South Honcut mine,
in Yuba County, near Bangor, to dep^plt tall-
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives not^e that
a meeting will be held In room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on October 28,
1901, at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwards, in the Phllo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frazler Creek; frota
the Purdy Creek Mining Co., in the Purd>-
Creek mine, near Frenchtown, Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
gravel mine, near Onion Valley, Plumas Co.,
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and from
the Norwegian Mining Co., In their mine
near Tuttletown, Tuolumne- Co., to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal., on October, 21,
1901. at 1:30 D. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
Etockholders of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, October 12. 1901. at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. W r . THOMAS. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED. *
COMPLETE book of the official life of McKln-
ley, now ready; agents wanted; also general
traveling agents and resident district man-
agers to handle the only authorized official,
authentic life of President McKlnley; also
giving lives of our other martyr Presidents,
Lincoln and Garfield; complete inside history
of the villainous workings of the anarchistic
societies; profusely Illustrated; 600 pages;
the only life of McKinley printed In English,
German and Swedish; liberal commission to
agents and a straight guaranteed salary to
those in the advanced positions: you never had
a better opportunity to make big money quick-
ly and easily than you have to-day; you can
make $500 per month for the next three
months pushing this marvelous history of a
frreat and good and useful life; strike now,
while the Iron Is hot; do not delay, for every
day is worth from }20 to $30 to you; and bear
in mind that if you demonstrate to us that
you can sell books that later in the fall we
will be willing to employ you under a straight
out guaranteed salary to appoint and Instruct
other agents; this Is a chance of a lifetime;
we make our own books and can easily dupli-
cate the offer of any other house and will do
so; we also give a valuable premium to every
purchaser worth more than the retail price of
the book; many of these concerns that are ad-
vertising McKlnley books are merely general
agents and buy their books from us; we ad :
vise you to order from us and thus deal di-
rectly with the manufacturers: credit given;
freight paid; outfit free; write to-day and
send 10c for postage on outfit. CO-OPERA-
TIVE PUBLISHING CO., Dept. 14, 356 Dear-
' born Bt., Chicago.
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money; our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State in Union and every country in the
•world; also 1900 census complete; over 400
pages maps and descriptive matter: sells at
Eight; send 25c for nample and terms to
agents. Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago, 111.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley. E0O pages;
best book; 100 Illustrations: outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland, Or.
MARK TWAIN'S works, T~vols., with Har-
per"s Weekly or Magazine or North American
Review. HARPER & BROTHERS, 206 Kear-
ny fit., San Francisco.
Al AGENTS In every town for McKlnley sou-
venir pictures; fast seller; sample 7c in post-
age. HAGENS & CO.. E08 California St.. S. F.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Select agents for the latest and
fastest eelling book published. THE WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St., city.
ADVERTISING solicitor, experienced, ener-
getic rustler wanted on established paper.
221 Front St., room 11.
LEATHER lustre sells like hot cakes: best shoe
dressing on earth's sample 25c. BROWN, room
9, 41 Third st.
GLOBE Portrait Co.— Removed to 1087 Market;
agents wanted: can make $3 to $0 a day.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa-Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emllie Funke.1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Your immediate prospects and
test eketch of life by an expert predictloniat;
Bend date of birth, Bex and 12c. PROF. SER-
RANO, box 523S, Boston. Mass.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist: completo life
reading, 50c; by mall. COc. 1163 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st.— Divorces 1 private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected ;-doeumcnts drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 418V4 Post.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy;col-
)ections;altachments;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds;wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008VJ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 6th.
ADVICEifree — Divorces a specialty; quick,
quiet; ne charge without success; collections,
w!ll«. deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; eatb.
16 yars. Atty. Q. W. HOWE. S50 Markt Bt
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W.~ DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; moderate fee If successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ESTATES, chancery; most moderate fees. 14
McAllister fit., GEO. W. JOHNSON. Atty.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wishes to board little girl; nice; homel
beet care. MRS MOORE, P. O. Alameda.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
\u25a0 three children; low terms. J607 California st.
i,nr>Gi\o Mot'gr.g for s »t.~*.— ro-.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE. 1020 Market St., is
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
••••• ..IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20,000
...GET LISTFROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission ......' .' $275
9 rooms; fine corner 323
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4 5°°
17 rooms; fine corner 1360
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; en Geary st 1301>
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
5 rooms; Hat: near City Hall 3=0
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0..... 800
24 rooms; on Market 6t.; clears$150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason _t.; : new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 10.0 Market; tel. Mint 798.
A— 26-ROOM house; center of city: clears over
$100 per month; wOrth $2300: price $1400. For
sale only by H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
TO sell .your house, store, saloon, business
place, city or country real estate quickly /or
cash list It wlth.H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
Rooming houses and hotels; all sizes, all
. prices and all locations; list yours with us if
you want to sell.
Houses sold on easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant, houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG*
bargains. It's too BIG too publish:
6 rooms;' elegantly furn.; flat ?700
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st class. 650
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown ."-... 900
9 rooms; cheap rent, including piano — 1230
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap...'. — 2500
43 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4303
37 rooms; north of Market; snap 1200
12 rooms; boarding; best location 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON-
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
WANTED— Lady with small amount capital to
manage good-paying lodging-house. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market st. __
ELEGANT newly furnished G-room flat; fine
location; low rent; $200 cash. DONALD 1N-
VESTMENT CO.. S50 Market St.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
40-room boarding-house; clears 5200 $3000
60 rooms; corner; best In city 5000
35 rooms; very good; only 1000
WE LEAD THEM ALL.
20 rooms; par excellence $2500
S5-room worklngman's house; cheap rent. 2000
6-room flat: all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 100*.
50 rooms; rent $100, clears $250 J5%
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 600C
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 400C
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 45C
24 c rooms; Geary st. ; payments lftOO
15 rooms; Sutter St.; central ....". 430
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. II. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
_______________ _____
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
" 75 r., rent $175. fine Investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120, Inc. $300,. apart, house.. $3000
25 r., sunny bay window cor., reduced... 2100
24 r., rent $S0, clears $75, trans., 3d St...-. 1150
22 i\, rent $37, housekeeping. Third st 350
19 r., rent $75, clears $70, down town.... 1200
10 r., rent $45, clears $40, good fur. carp... 600
7 r., rent $32 50, near Ellis 423
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
HEALY & HENDERSON,
6 Eddy St.. 18-19.
We don't keep good houses,
We sell them. See these:
130 rooms; electric lights $15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 250
9-room flat, new; rent $45 750
10 rooms: G. G. ; new G50 ;
28 rooms; downtown: elegant 2500"
HEALY & HENDERSON.
6 Eddy St., 18 and 13; Phone James 2771.
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second st.; great bargain; price
$225. , . ..,;.}.
21 rooms on Eddy et. ; great bargain/
20 rooms on Sutter st. ; price $S00.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
ofRce under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our ofllce, 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale list your houses with G. W. SCHWEIN-
HARD. 917 Market 8t., opposite Mason; phone
Mint 1911. . • .
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to <i -^
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, ?>
917 Market st., opposite Mason.
He can suit, you in houses and prices.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
24 rooms, rent- $65. part cash .' $1000
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rent.... 1500
28 rooms, rent $50, clears $100 900
40 rooms, cheap rent, N. Market 3800
120 rooms, rent $110, profits $1600 yearly.. 3500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1. 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been In this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He hast 4 salesmen — Business Is booming.
Money to loan — payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
$2500 — 60 ROOMS: rent $100; flrer>lace, running
water and gas meter for each room; baths,
laundry, Darlor. dlninsr-room; rented for 4
boards. Merrett, 12th & Franklin, O-kland.
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
11 ROOMS; modern house; rent $40; good fur-
niture and carpets; having other business I
will sell for $600; terms half cash. G. H.,
box 1145, Call office.
IN a gdod location, who has it, a business or
lodging-house for sale that clears $100 month.
Box 1144. Call office.
9 ROOMS: rent $20; water free; $250. F. J.
DECK & CO., r. 208 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— Three unfurnished
connecting rooms: bath; laundry; references.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished rooms; large
grounds for families with children; 1st floor.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — House of 10 or 13 rooms, partly
- furnished; central location. Box 967, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. J. J. WHrTNET. trance, bus. medium:
life reader;' medical, clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter, ?2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
. and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c. ' >
MME. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
PROF. GEK, 108 6th— Readings 50c and $1; clr.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m., 10c; readings
EOc and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1123.
EARLE. independent slate writer; 3.28 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs.. Sun., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '„__„__
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY,
IBmar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are In trouble of
any kind, cliseontunted, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar, for she ia a prophetess
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy
by her,, aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
euletd dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays
from, 10 to 12 a. m., at her of nee, 1148 Market
Bt.. opposite Sixth. * . ' -
SPECIAL— Owing to large number of inquir-
ies from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M.. BERNARD, ~~"
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you aro in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. .
MRS. BROWN', clairvoyant, card reader; ladles"
; 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
\u25a0AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S0(» Haves rtreet- open until 9:30 p. m.
CS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; o£en until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m
306 Eleventh Btrect; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. _
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
22ftQ Fillmore street: op^n until 9 p. tn.
CHURCH SERVICES.
A— CHURCH of St. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal), corner Steiner and Union sts. — Unlon-
ft cars pass the door; high mass at 11 a. m.;
masses of the masters, arranged for St. Mary
ihe Virgin, with organ and wind instrument
uccomp—niment; solemn vespers of the virgin
Mary at 4 in the afternoon; "Ave Maria,
•\u25a0Greporians," "O Salutarls" and "Tantum
Ergo." arranged for St. Mary the Virgin;
John Haraden Pratt, F. C. M.. director of the
choir; mass said daily at 7:30 a. m.; vespers
daily at 5 ». m. '
ST LUKE'S Episcopal Church, corner Van !
nVes ave. and Clay &t.. Rev. Burr M. Weeden.
rector— Holy Communion at b a. rn.; morninu
prayer at 11 and eermon by the Lord Bishop
cf Columbia. Evensong at 7:45 and addresses
by prominent clergy before the Brotherhood
of St. Andrew.
CHURCH of the Advent. Eleventh 6t., near
Market.— HiKh mass at 11 a. in., celebrant
the Kt Rev. F. W. Taylor. Bishop of Qulncy;
preacher, the Rev. Samuel Hart, secretary of
the House of Bishops. Solemn evensong at
7:45; officiant, the Rt. Rev. R, H. Weller.
Bishop coadjutor of Fond du Lac; preacher,
the Rt. Rev. Thomas F. Gallor, Bishop of
Tennessee.
ST. PAUL'S Church, California st.. near Fill-
more. Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly, rector— Holy
Communion, 7:30 a. m.* Sunday school, 9:45;
11 a. m., prayer and sermon by Rt. Rev.
John Scarborough. D. D.. Bishop of New
Jersey; evening prayer. 7:45, addresses by the
Rev. Dr. Lloyd, secretary of the board of
missions, and the Rt. Rev. Dr. Nicholson,
Bishop of Milwaukee^ '
CHURCH of St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth
st between Valencia and Mission— Services,
October 13. 1901, 11 a. m., prayer and sermon
by the Rt. Rev. Arthur C. A. Hall, Bishop
of Vermont; 7:45 p. rn.. addresses by the
Rt Rev. Bishops Hare of South Dakota,
Kendrick of Arizona, Graves of Shanghai and
Holly of Haiti. The Bishop of Washington,
D. C. is expected to preside. \u25a0_
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh: pastors,
Arthur H. Brlggs and Herbert F. -Briggs— 11
a. m, and 7:S0 p. m., preaching by the pas-
tors- morning topic, "The Christian City and
the Christian Home": evening topic, "Christ 1 s
Call to Busy Men"; 12:45 p. in., Sunday
school. Rolla V. Watt, superintendent; rally
day programme of special interest and award
of medals; 6:15 p. m., Christian Endeavor,
Miss Mabel Lamb, leader; monthly musical
service at 7:30 p. m.; anthem "Holy. Holy.
Lord God Almighty" {Gounod): "Salve Re-
gina" (Dudley Buck) will be sung by W.
E, Whisrham of New York; "Andante for
Violin Concerto" (Mendelssohn). Charles
Edgar Robson; male quartet, "Light at Even-
ing Time" (Dow); arthem, "O. Pray for the
Peace of Jerusalem" (Knos). Roscoe Warren
Lucy, organist and choirmaster. Seats are
f re*.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Haye« and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preacH
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ; topic for evening
sermon "The King's Embassador in Chains": ,
splendid music by large chorus, I. E. Blake,
director. Seats free. All invited. Sunday
school at 8:45 a. m. Ep worth League at 6:3d
p. m.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Call- <
fornia and Octavia sts.— Rev. John Hernphill. 1
D.D.. paetor. Rev. George G. Eldredge. as- !
soclate pastor. Dr. Hemphlll will preach at
11 a. m. Topic, "Christ's Manifesto of HI?
Mission." Rev. Mr. Eldredge will preach M
7-30 p. m. Topic. "Answerable to Whom.
For What?" Dr. Hemphill will preach at '
7:30 p m at Second Street Mission. Morning
FrXbath school. 9:45 o'clock. Afternoon Sab-
bath school at 12:30 o'clock. Y. P. S. C. E..
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ing. 8 o'clock. .
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave and Sacramento st. — Services e.i 11
a. m and 7:S0 p. m. Sunday school at 12:45
p m." Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Rev.
W. K. Guthrie will preach in the morning
and the Rev. Dr. Mackenzie In the evening.
All are Invited.
CATHEDRAL Mission of the Good Samaritan.
Second St.. near Folsom.— Rev. J. P. Turner
in charge. Holy communion 7:30 a. m. Morn-
ing prayer and eermon by the Rt. Rev. Arthur
L. Williams, D.D.. Bishop Coadjutor of Ne-
braska, 11 o'clock. Evening prayer and ser-
mon by the Rt. Rev. Alexander Garrett, D.D.,
Bishop of Dallas. 7:45 o'clock.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., pas.
tor. will preach at both services. At 11 a.
m.. topic, "The Church and tiie People." At
7:30 p. m.. topic. "Self-denial for the Sake of
Others." 'All are cordially invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement Et.— Pastor. Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson St.;
telephone Pine 4475. Services 11 a. m. Sub- ,
j*ct, "Light From Egyptian Monuments on
the Story of Joseph." 7:45 p. m., theme,
"The Man Who Won Distinction by Remem-
bering His Own Faults." Sunday school, 9:45
a. m. C. E. Society, 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A
cordial invitation to these services Is given
to all who can attend them.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leav-
itt. minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. superintend-
ent of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is
at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Frederick L. Hosmer of Berke-
ley will preach in exchange with Mr. Leavitt.
All are cordially invited. There Is no even-
lng service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Morning theme at 11 o'clock, Tennyson's
"Maud, or the Cure for Insanity." Evening
theme at 7:45 o'clock, "The Mistake of Rob-
ert Elsmere."
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett st.. near
Twenty-third — Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor.
Morning service. 11. "The Secret of Success."
T. P. S. C. E. at 6:15. leader. Mrs. J. A. Un-
derbill. Evening Bervice, 7:30, "Trust in
Christ." Barytone solo by the pastor. "God
Calling Yet" (McGranahan).
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny at and \
Grant ave.— Christian Science service at 11 '
a. m.; subject of leeson-eermon, "Doctrine of
Atonement." Sunday school for children at
the tame hour. Wednesday evening meeting
at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms, 206 Kear-
ny et., rooms 503-510. All are welcome.
GOSPEL tent, corner Page and Gough sts., one
block from Market— Continuation of lectures
nn "The Tabernacle in the Wilderness," by
Evangelist J. McDonald. Illustrated by magic
lantern. To-day at 3 and 7:45 p. m. and each
evening during the week except Saturday at
7:45. All cordially Invited. Admission free.
No collection. Come.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
*ts. — Grand union mass meeting this Sunday
afternoon at 3 o'clock. Address by Bishop
Klnsolvlng of Brazil. Gallery reserved for
women. Special music. Public invited. Ma-
jor General O. O. Howard will lecture in the
Association hall next Friday evening at 3
o'clock.
BIBLE Truth Conference at the Hall, 17 City
Hall square, near Maiket st.. from Wednes-
day. October 16. tp Sunday. October 20 Inclu-
sive. Three meetings daily. Mornings at 10
o" clock. Afternoons at 3. and evenings gospel
Fervlce at 8. Undenominational. Seats free. ,
Come: bring your Bible.
THEOSOPHICAL freo lecture course. To-
night. "Present Planetary Conditions " by
Mary C. Bell, Flood building, 809 Market st
at 8 o'clock. Public cordially Invited. Bible
class Sundays 11 a. m. Meeting for in-
quirers, principles of Theosophy, Thursdays
2:30 p. m. Free lending library open Mon-
dayc. Thursdays and Saturdays 1 to 4 p m
and Saturday evening.
THE TheoRophical Society— Public lecture to-
nlsrht In Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
Fubjpct, "Prayer." The Golden Chain
Grot>r>. the children's class, meets at 11 a
m. The lending library is open dally from !
1 to 4 p. m.. also Tuesday evenings from 7:30
O'clock to 9.
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN --ill lecture
this evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle
WS Market rt.: subject, "Traveling as an
Art" ; 10 be followed by magnificent views of
a visit to Paris, the bPSutlful; free tickets
wfl! be distributed for X-Ray exhibition at
Sanitarium next Tuesday evening; seats free-
no collection; remember the Question Box.
AT lower Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st to^
nlrht. a grand spiritual and musical enter-
tainment; Prof. Gee Jn his startling tests'
Mm. Jennie Tully. operatic elnger; Miss
Lurtie Van Tassel and mother, champion
whlstlere and singers, from Ohio; Mr Drls-
coll. the famous entertainer; admission 10c.
A 23c SEANCE to-nlfrht where every one rn-
oei\-es _ communication with full names- If
th«>re are questions which you are In doubt
about attend BROCKWAY'S seance to-night
and receive eatlsfactlon. 299 Hyde st., corner
E<5<Jy._
A — GRAND spiritual meeting. 9nj Market Ft
rear hall: 11. free: 2-S. 10c; Mr. Swan Holt'
Mme. Maxwell. Etoddard, Wrenn, McKee*
inspirational singer, three languages; others.'
A UFCTING to organize an auxiliary to aid
the State Spiritualists' Association to be held
at headquarters, 305 Larkln st.. Monday Oct
14. at 8 p. m. All Interested invited.
"NOW" lectures: Henry Harrison Brown: Odd
Fellows' bldg.; seats free; 8 p. m. ; music.
BOOKS — NEW AND- OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission st.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WE have a cash buyer Tor grocery or res-
taurant, coffee house, hotel, lodging house;
will pay as high as $6000. F. J. DECK &
CO., Emma Spreckels building, room 208.
I HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
stores and lodging-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 20S, Emma
Spreckels building. .
WANTED— Partner in advertising business. F.
J. Deck & Co., Emma Spreckels bldg., r. 208.
WANTED— Manufacturing business. F. J.
DECK & CO., Emma Spreckels bldg.. r. 2<>8.
SALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city; in-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 MaMtexjt.
CHOP, house at a great sacrifice; price $125;
clearing $100 a month: must be sold at once.
McBRIDE fc CO.. 1016 Market st.
A— CIGAR stand netting $4 dally sacrificed on
account of death. Ask HEDGES BROS.. 410
1 Parrott building.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
837 Mission st. \u25a0
BROWN & OELELL, 41 Third St.— If you want
to sell or exchange your business or lodging-
house list it with us. Phone Red 3313.
A— 85 ROOMS: clears $250; rent only $65; $2000;
payments. RETSLOFF, 90i> Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE: 22 rooms; nicely furnished;
nearly new; fine sunny corner In best loca-
tion; owner going to leave the State and
must sell; price greatly reduced for quick
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
PICKLE works— The undersigned offers for
sale, stock, fixtures, machinery and all other
property contained in premises at 11-1" Her-
man st. ; formerly owned by the Standard
Packing Co., together with the leasehold In-
terest In said premises and all removable im-
provements; ail Inventory of this property
may be seen at the office of the undersigned,
room 24, third floor. Mills building, or at the
prpmlses, 11-17 Herman St., where the prop-
erty may be inspected. Sealed bids, ad-
dressed to D. A. Curtin, room 21. third ficor.
Mills building, are Invited on or before
Wednesday, Oct. 16, at 4 p. m., and must be
accompanied by a certified check for at least
10 per cent of the amount offered, returnable
only in case of rejection, the undesigned re-
serving the right to rej»ct any and all bids.
Terms of sale cash. V. A. CURTIN. '\u25a0
TO shoe men— One of the best repairing shopd
in Oakland for sale; central; steady trade;
low rent; good living room and kitchen; to
a man used to a flrst-class trade this Is a
rare chance. Write box 2334, Call office, Oak-
land.
INCOME $1000 pei- year can be secured by any
one who will take trouble to investigate our
plans; no gold mine, oil well or gambling
scheme; straightforward business proposition.
JUMIAPA CO., 621 Fullerton bldg., St. Louis,
Mo. . '
TWO gentlemen going to the Hawaiian Islands
wish the agency of some novel or staple
article; gentlemen well versed In the Por-
tuguese. Italian and Spanish languages. Box
2335, Call office, Oakland.
$450 CASH buys half interest in cleaning and
dyeing business; experience not necessary.
Address E. F. JOBSON, 312 Fourth St., Santa
Rosa. Cal. \u25a0 .
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Crua;
price $1200.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael, Cal.
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business; price $1500. Box 1002. Call office.
DELICATESSEN and lunch room: $20 dally
average; owner leaving city: will sell for
bargain; $200. D. B., box 1146. Call office.
$1500 WILL buy Interest In old established
manufacturing business with position at $S5
per week. Address box 1151. Call office.
A— IF you want a business, one that will pay
$250 per month from the start, see HEDGES
BROS., 410 Parrott building.
$150— A NEAT cigar store for sale; large liv-
ing-room connected, for factory or club-
room. Inquire 333 Third st.
OLD established cor. grocery and bar; good
location; fine bar trade. Inquire Call branch,
300 Hayes st. -
$1500— PARTNER wanted: good established
country hotel; choice location. Owner, box
1140, Call office.
FOR sale— Interest in a meritorious Invention;
call and examine working model. 3673 Eigh-
\u25a0 teenth st.
A SNAP — Delicatessen and coffee house; store
worth $500; reduced to $250. Retsloff, 906 Mkt.
LADY wants partner in good business; email
capital; good location. Box 1155, Call office.
$1000 — PARTNER wanted for dyeing and laun-
dry business. 1121 Point Loboe ave.
I WANT to buy a grocery and bar; good,
claan stock. Box 1143, Call office.
GOOD milk route. Inquire at 2820 Twenty-sec-
ond St., near Alabama.
$5000 TO Invest in established eteam laundry!
Box 997. Call office. \u25a0
$225— BRANCH bakery and variety store. 2760
Mission; no agent.
HERE IS YOUR CHOICE.
A dairy produce, pork and delicatessen store
for $550 in one of the best business streets in
San Francisco, or a poultry ranch fpr $400 in
Alameda County; both places stand investiga-
tion; will teach buyer business if desired;
rent for store with 3 living rooms is $15 a
month and rent for the ranch with house and
Wi acres of land Is $7 a month. Address box
2331, Call office, Oakland.
HONEST speculation— make your money earn
a steady income; $25 upward invested with us
will earn 20 per cent to 30 per cent monthly,
payable every 15 days: send for our new book.
"Successful Systematic Speculation," mailed
free; tells how to operate on tine grain mar-
ket without loss; highest commercial, finan-
cial and successful customer references.
FREDERICK E. PARKER, broker, 155 La
Salle St., Chicago, 111.
FOR sale— Old established good-paying busi-
ness; will sell half or whole Interest; first-
class bargain. Address Call office, Oakland.
T350 — LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon.
Apply 3372 'Mission Bt., 1 o'tlock p. m.
FOR sale— Tailor store, goods and fixtures,
cheap. Inquire Call office.
CARPENTER shop for sale or partner wanted;
old established. Address, box 978, Call of flee.
CORNER grocery and furnished house, Santa
Clara Co.; good reasons selling. Box 975, Call.
A — $1200 CORNER grocery and bar; good pay-
ing. Inquire 1016 Polk st. ; no agents.
FOR sale— Locksmith's business, with tools,
for small sum; good reason for selling. Ap-
ply MR. McLEAN, 1146 Mission Bt., 7:30 a.
m., 12 to 1 noon, or 5:30 p. m.
DENTIST — Fine country practice; \u25a0will sacri-
fice if taken immediately. Address box 973,
Call office.
DRUG store for sale— Middle section Cal. city,
fine location; elegant fixtures; money-maker:
doing paying business; cood prices; value
$3000; will be sold for cash or exchange for
S. F. or Oakland property. Address box 941,
Call office. .„ \u25a0
TO exchange for cigar stand, grocery, lodging-
house or good mercantile business; two new
flats; cost f3500; rents $25. W. BELL, 142
Crocker building.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
FOR SALE— A well fitted up saloon on Market
St., near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain;
•no agents. Apply at McLeod & Hatze, 515
Market at.
$250 — FOR sale; bakery, confectionery and Jaun-
dry office; 2 large living-rooms; block from
* grammar school. Box 943, Call. '
PRACTICAL mechanic with business ability
desires opening for small capital. Box 956,
Call office.
$2000 WILL take a good country hotel; short
distance from city; good business. Further
Information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED-^Parties to take shares In a rich
gold mine and help develop. 321V_ Turk et.,
12' to 2 d. m.
RESTAURANT, cheap: '410 Kearny st.; other
business; must sell; make offer.
GENTLEMAN of ability, acquainted with city,
to buy interest in business. Box 957, Call. .
PARTNER wanted; wholesale business- ship-
ping daily to 10 States & B. C. Box 158. Call.
PARTNER wanted in bakery business; good
opening to right man. 321 Ellis st.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Ill East
St.. north of Market. •
"WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devlsadero.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
10-ROOM new flat, a bargain for $500
18 rooms; near Market; rent only $55 1400
28 rooms; fine location; rent $100; only.... 1500
60 others to choose from. Call at office and
see list. Will loan you money at H4%. M.
E. RIVES, 916 Market St.; tel. Main 128.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. BIO Golden Gate_ave ; ____
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL EN-
GINEERING — Theory, demonstration, con-
struction; laboratory and shop work; thor-
oughly practical r day and night, 24 Post St.,
S. F.; catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is tnis advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
1 MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 4<Mo. Par-
rott bldg. ;. Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott building.
SPECIAL Instruction for backward pupils in
1 the ordinary branches by an experienced
j teacher. Address Teacher, box 971. Call.
DANCING— Ladies and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville stage at IRVINE'S. 421 Post st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc.. for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st.
SPANISH. French.etc. Prof .DeFilippe'sAcademy
I _ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
j SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
\u25a0. teacher: translations. 513 McAllister st.
! Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHIVUS.plano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-House for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
I LT.USTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
1 — . \u25a0
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SG3; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr- Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook, just from New York, beet of
reliable letters, wants work; not under $30 a
month and nothing outside of a kitchen. Call
at MISS PLUNKETT' S. 425 Sutter st., near
Powell.
WAITRESS and parlormaid with excellent city
references wants a situation; can carve.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
GERMAN cook who fully understands all kinds
of cooking wants a place at $40 a month: city
or country. MISS PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter
st, near Powell.
SWEDISH girl, young, 3 years last place,
wants second work at $23 a month. MISS
PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter St., near Powell.
CANADIAN, cook, young, references, wants a
place at $35 a month. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS Institution cook desires "situa-
tlon; good ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH girl speaking no, English desires situ-
ation as 2d girl. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
1 WANTED— Situation by lady competent to keep
any set of books: have had twelve years' ex-
perience and- can furnish first-class refer-
ences. * Box 977. Call office.
TO hotel managers; a lady of experience and
ability desires a position as managing house-
keeper in flrst-class hotel; city or country:
references unexcelled. A., 1253 CFarrell st.
YOUNG lady .with some experience would like
' a position as stenographer and typewriter.
Address box 1150. Call office.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants a situa-
tion; country .preferred; wages $25 tc $35. 333
Sixth St.; inquire at carpenter shop.
SWEDISH woman wishes washing or cleaning
from 8 to 1 p. m. ; wages 75c and car fare.
Address 2852 Folsom St., near 25th; bakery.
LADY would like position in a refined family
to take care of children. Address box 989,
Call office.
ELDERLY lady would like to care for chll-
dren during parents' absence to theaters,
parties, etc. Addresa S., 11S3A Valencia st.
COMPETENT woman desires engagements to |
care for children evenlng3 for theater-goers; 1
good references. Bex 1130, Call office.
STRONG woman wants work by the day,
washing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply 212;
Clara St.. rear.
YOUNG girl wishes a -position to do second
work and sewing. . Call 2832 Howard st.
CHAMBERWORK in hotel or rooming house*
by a competent woman. Box 976, Call office.
WANTED — A situation; housework; a good
cook- 204 Van Ness ave.
COLORED woman wants housework half day
by the week. Call 11S7 Pacific st.
DRESSMAKER from the East; good cutter and
fitter; go out by day. 1532 Polk st.
RESERVED young lady who is a good reader
desires a position as companion to lady, or
will take care of two children; must be in a
refined family. Please address D. W.. box 33
Lincoln. Cal. "
A FULLY capable and very refined young Eng-
lish lady desires a position as governess In a
highly respectable rich gentleman's family.
For further particulars address box 701. Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl desires situation, house-
work and cook; understands a little English;
no postals. 316 Missouri St., South San Fran-
cisco.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter desires posi-
tion: experienced and good penman. Address
K. T. F., 4S3 Twenty-sixth st., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted in private family by reli-
_ble colored man and wife. Call at 253 Jessie
St., near Fourth.
AN American lady, an excellent manager,
would like position as housekeeper; can give
best of references. Call or address MRS
WILSON, Hotel Oaks. 119 Third et.
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and typewriting; experience main object. Ad-
dress "Stenographer," Frultvale.
LADY would like towels and napkins to ->ash
at home. MRS. THIEDE. 102 Mission at.
PLAIN sewing and mending. 602 O'Farrell st
corner Jones, room 4. ""
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms : 25c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient an<J respectable- free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
gMFLOYaiEXT WA\TED- ; -.MALE.
SITUATION wanted— A sober and steaiW^rr
who understands fruit culture In aTl ft
branches, especially the cultivation of
oranges. lemons, olives, flowers and v**Z
tables^ with 20 gears' experience fn Eur££
and California; 'moderate wages for rteht
ii a n C W^fs r C C o 8 . S cSl ILIJAM ' 1678 M>£°°g
ENGINEER and electrician of 18 years' e-r,*-!""
ence would like a steady position; «n d2 f my
own repair work, electric or mechani^™^
have my own tools and test instruments^ bill
references. Engineer. 2018 Larkln st.
WANTED-Situations by man and wife, privaTe
family or hotel, city or country: wife todo
o?^ 3 Ch °""»">; wages tO $4 d 0°
GARDENER wants situation; competent in ail
branches; German; single; middle-aired Vm
dress B.. box 984, Call office. g Ad "
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP---MAliE. 1
WANTED-By nrst-class Eastern People, posl-
tlon as manager, steward or chef: hotel club
or restaurant; references; wife excellent
housekeeper. B. F, G., 319 Ellis st.
HOTEL manager of experience, temperate &nd
steady, wants employment: good references.
Address box 994. Call office. ;
POSITION wanted as correspondent *° German,
French. English and Russian. Box 99a. lau.
EXPERIENCED, trustworty American; «°od
references: wants country or private place to
care for during owner's absence; accustomed
nrchard^poultry. horses, plate if-JJgnft
etc.: moderate wages. Box 1142 Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for Private
family; steady and fine all-around man very
gst references and personal from tat em-
ployer. Address M. M-. 221 Sixth St.
WANTED by a young man of good habits a
potion as clerk, cashier or collector. Box
1158. Call office. -
BTRBER with 2 years* experience wishes i^posl-
tlon; country preferred. Box 96j. Call otnce.
GROCERY clerk with city references^wants po-
sition ; city or country. F. A. C. 20. Foweu.
PRUNER wants work; good workman on fruit
trees and vines: can apply your ideas and is
capable to work alone; also good grafte..
Box 1165. Call office.
WANTED— By young man. work of any kind;
wages no object. Box 1133. Call ofnee.
FIRST-CLASS bartender with flrst-class refer-
ences wants situation. Box 1163, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged educated
man. teetotaler. In private family or insti-
tution; understands plain gardening:, bea-
maklng; handy with tools. Box 972. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, bill clerk or collector's posi-
tion wanted by middle-aged man; city ex-
perience: good references; small salary to
begin. Box 953. Call office. •.
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place: understands the care of horses; good
driver; can milk and attend to garden; good,
references. Box 963, Call office.
MAN wishes position in a liquor house: for-
merly rectifier with Wolters Bros. & Co. and
Thomas Taylor & Co. H. A. PUTZMAN. 11M
Market Bt.
YOUNG 'German wants situation as handy man
about place, driving included. Address 225
O" Farrell St.. room 6.
GROCERY clerk, several years' experience,
wants a position; reference from flrst-class
house. Address box 96L Call office.
YOUNG man desires a situation as gardener
and all-around man in a. private place. E.
C., 207 Montgomery ave. *,
POSITION wanted by a competent man as
collector; bonds and references given; salary
no object. Box 959, Call office.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wants position,
or willing to work in institution or hotel.
Bex 979. Call office. ___________
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady work. Inquire at New Atlantic Hotel.
207 Montgomery ave. \u25a0
WANTED— By a miner of 28 years' actlva ex-
perience, a foremanship in Southern Califor-
nia, Mexico or South America; uses no In-
toxicants: Is 1 man of family; American
born: speaks Spanish and Norwegian also:
special attention paid to davelopment of. new
properties. Address "Miner," box 1033, Call. . <
AN experienced bookkeeper and timekeeper -j
wishes position; will furnish references. Box
909, Call.
SITUATION as butter-maker by experienced,
sober young man. Address L. GILLETT. 214
Third st., care- of Hughes House, room 19.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position as
teamster; good driver. 1667 Atlantic St., Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as
schoolboy In the city. Address T. MACEDA,
64&14 Valencia St., San Francisco.
DRUG clerk; student with experience: after-
noons; reference. Box 1034, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia ft.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Dromoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and . industrial proposition, wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MIN1NU
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32S Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott blclg.
FLATS TO LET.
JUST completed: flats, 6 rooms upper. 5 rooms
lower; porcelain tubs; desirable: all modern;
large yard and basement; sunny; rent $25.
Address 1107 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
JS— FINE light flat, 29 Federal St.. near First
and Bryant. $20 — Upper sunny flat. 742 Fol-
som st., 6 rooms. McEWEN BROS.. 113 Mont-
( gomery at.
A— $10— SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
•821 Valencia St., near Nineteenth, third floor.
A SUNNY lower flat: 4 large rooms, bath and
nice yard; adults; $20. 1111 Jones, nr. Cal.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 1221 Golden Gat*
ave.; rent $16.
HARRISON, 702. near Third — Sunny, five rooms,
bath; basement; $17,
LINDEN ave., 261— Pleasant upper flat of five
rooms.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay -win-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417% Third st
5 ROOMS Occupied 6 years by French dress-
maker. 414 Post st.
$13 50—289 SHIPLET. near Sixth— Middle flit:
bath, gas: nice yard; all sunny.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
A 4-ROOM basement flat, furnished: fe— r steps
from cars; healthy location; only $12; no
children. Box 9S7. Call.
FLATS WANT— P.
FLAT wanted — 3 or 4 rooms, furnished. Ad-
dress box 1162. Call office.
CLEAN furnished sunny flat of 8 rooms- no
children. Box 985. Call office.
FRAMES AND PICTURKS.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr V. Ness
. —Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50-SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, J4S 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture of 12 rooms, residence, on
Van Ness ave. Address box 982. Call.
FOR SALE-Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 Ellis gt; rent $13; call Monday.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture.
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
W , I -^ SC l? ya aM klnds ot household _oods.
1710 Market: tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
AucUoneer-\V\ P Beauchamp. 928 Howard St..
tel. Jeasle 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
*"-r-h £7°. RRS ' f 3 * E11!s st -= telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before lellinc furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Marke'..
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glov«, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grar.t ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S3
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 chambermaids. Santa Barbara, half fare
_Paid $29
Restaurant waitress, mining hotel. fare
paid $23
"Waitress. Benicla $23
Waitress. Colusa, fare paid $_o
Waitress, Salinas $_U
10 waitresses, city, restaurants. hotel3..$20-J30
Cook, small country hotel, fare paid $3u
Cook, mine boarding house, fare paid $3j
Cleaner, baths, t days' work week $1 50
2 waitresses, Oroville. fare advanced $2t)
FAMILY DEPARTMENT *".
10 chambermaids, country hotels. Southern
California j;j
Mother and daughter, cook and nurse $id
Housegirls. small American family $23
Second girl and seamstress jot
Housegirl, choice place, country $2t!
Cooks, housegirls. nursegirls $10^123
C. R. HAN3EN & CO 104 Geary st.
A MAN and wife as porter and chambermaid,
.city hotel, board themselves. $35.
C. R.. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAIDS and seamstress. 30; -walT
re3s and parlor-maid, $30; Infant's nurse $35-
waitress and parlor-maid for San Mateo, $23 '
first-class cook for American family. 135 •
cook who understands German cooking J35'
fifty housework girl* for city and countrv* ">
wages $30, $25 and $20. MISS PLUNKETT _
• 425 Sutter st., near Powell. * l
\u25a0 — —. .
THREE women for light work in factory 75o
per day and increase. MISS PLUNKETT
425 Sutter at. near Powell.TJHB SAN FKANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1 90 1.
29
r^ -
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, ]
69 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
.......Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE •
60 railroad teamsters for Uklah $2 to $2 26 I
60 laborers for Uklah $2 per day
FREE FARE
6 lumber pliers, country .$2 per day
6 laborers, new Job, near city $2 per day *
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 per day J
Carload of laborers..: $3 25 to $2 50 per day
No office fee for above carload. Reduced
rates to Shasta and Trinity counties. "We
charter a car to leave here Monday p. m. j
Old man to do chores on ranch, $15 per month.
6 laborers, country, 6 months' work, $25 & bd. ]
6 laborers, near city, $1 25 and board.
Blacksmith, horseshoer, country, $3 per day.
Young man, private place, $20 per month. ]
A COOK for an institution in city, $60; also ».
a second cook and dishwasher, same place, ]
$40 and $25; a young strong man to help in
a winery, $1 day; an errand boy, $5 week.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.,nr. Powell, s;
BOY 17 years, to learn glove finishing. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
BOY to drive delivery wagon. Apply SCHRA-
DER BROS.. Market st., opp. Seventh.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st. i
STRONG boy to help plumber and for shop;
references. Box 968, Call.
SHOE repairer; lst-class worker; neat; steady;
good wages. KAST & CO., 740 Market Bt.
NON-UNION horseshoer; union wage*. Apply
203 Front st. • . •
FIRST-CLASS tenor robusto for Catholic
church; sight reader. Box 960. Call office.
WANTED— MIKE DRISCOLL, at 1224 Point
Lobos ave. BOB.
WANTED— A good, quick waiter; $25 and
room. 615 Taylor st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and rd sts.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside: men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco. .
COREMAKERS wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works, San Francisco; steady employment;
excellent inducements. Apply at office, Beale
and Howard sts.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Am-
ador County. Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
r.ter«, $2 per day; w<iges lor 4-horse team-
Bters. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak ard read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. ,San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st., room 25. San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.
WANTED— A sober, industrious clerk for gen-
eral merchandise store, well versed In dry
goods; references required: state terms. Box
944. Call office.
WANTED— Locksmith bell hanger as partner;
must be a good mechanic. Address W.. 1941
Mission st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week!)
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs "Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 lartje
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
COATMAKER, bushelman and pantsmaker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sut-
ter st.
IRONMOLDERS and machinists wanted. 50")
Mission st.
PAPER cutter: must be steady; good position
to the right party. 522 Market sL, fourth floor.
BOY to pack extracts; $4 £0 per week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
STRONG, intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn iron molders' trade. 505 Mission st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission fct.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to. take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and Devlsadero st?.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart at.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 10c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near MaT
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly I
Call, 16 pages, nent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
postage paid.
HOUSES AXD "WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesdav. October .9, at 11 a. m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth St. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German I
army horses, suitable for all business pur- j
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. H ALTON", at j
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
ONE l-nor?e truck, one 4-ton express wagon.
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand i
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st. j
FRESH Holsteln eow for sale In East Oak- j
land. 966 East Twelfth" St., between Nine- i
teenth End Twentieth aves. j
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen ;
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard Et. j
FOR sale — ?4S; piano box buggy , nearly new. .
130 Second ave., near California st. \u25a0
FOR pale— Good horse. Guitable fcr buggy or |
j delivery wagon; cheap. 3241 Sixteenth st.
I 3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING, j
\u25a0 I W2 Union st. \u25a0
i TWO express wagons and S fine business bug-
I gies for sale cheap. 1504 Folsom st. ; !
I '
I WANTED— A cheap saddle horse. 925 Sutter st.
! j WANTED— 1-horse coupe. 92."> Sutter st. i
•I WANTED— To buy two-horse truck, »5cond-
hand. Drayman, box 1U6, Call.
! FOR sale — Two-seated bugsy cheap. 706. Birch
I ave., near Buchanan St.
ONE second-hand express wagon; also one
i light 'business wagon. 1370 Turk st.
I Mi HEAD »tork horse" lor sale. A. M. SCOTT
* CO.. 35 Ttnr' ft.. S. F.
UNE black 'rond team, one carriage team, one
. fast road team. 721 Howard fit. •
TOP bueey for sale cheap at 510 Golden Gate
avenue. . K
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
I and read hor^e*. DALZIKL.' C05 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel bedy delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
ramping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DJ.IFECTINO vubjecti wentetl. S. F. Vet.
Col.. T.10 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. .T. Creely. dean.
1 CHEAPKST snd best in America— The Weekly
rail. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one y_ear for iU
postage paid.
HOSPITALS. • •
' MENTAL and nervous diseasr* cared for at ST.
; ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St., S. F
\u25a0I' \u25a0 ,— '
IIOUSCS TO LBTCW
" A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
1 cular. G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— An elegantly furnished 9-room
house; reasonable; no small children; call
! mornings bet. 10 and 12. 1428 Fulton «t.
• A— SUNNY; 10 rooms, bath. 1523 Bush St.,
near Van Ness ave.
t $27 50— HOUSE 7 rooms and bath. 315 Haight st.
t McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery Bt.
', HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
WASHINGTON, 3421, near Walnut— Completely
furnished 2-story residence of 7 rooms and
bath; marine view; large garden, etc.; to
5 rent for 6 months or longer. Apply to CEN-
TER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
TO LET — Nicely furnished house. 8 rooms and
bath. 522 Hill St.. near Castro; no small
children; call between 1 and 4. •
: A* BUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, piano.
, chickens, fruit trees: Alameda; H block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HELP WAXTEP — MAtK— Cob.
A— MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 8848 4
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY......
FREE FREE FREE .FREE
C. N. W. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK....
R. R. TRACKMEN R. R. TRACKMEN
SPECIAL ••
20 trackmen, C. N. W. R. R. Co.'s own work
new work. $2 day free fare
20 steel and ballast men— Uklah free fare
ALSO FOR UKIAH
25 teamsUrs— Ukiah f re « fare
25 laborers— Uklah free fare
BOILERMAKERS ••
5 bollermakers for a large company, coun-
try $3 60 day
Brick mason's helper, mine $75
Stonecutter, city; furnace man, mine, $65, and
house bench hand, »S day; 2 mc-lders, city;
handy man and repair stoves, country fur-
niture store.
MISCELLANEOUS
SAWMILLS AND WOODS MINES
LABORERS. ...FARMS, ETC
6 men to work In woods, San Mateo Co., no
experience required $30 and fd
10 wcodchoppers, Sonoma Co..75c to $1 25 cord
4 laborers, no experience, mine. ...$30 and fd
5 muckers, mining company $75
10 laborers, no experience, near city $60
150 laborers, city and country-$l 75 to $2 50 day
TEAMSTERS
10 2-horse teamsters, country .• $2 a day
10 4-horse teamsters, country $2 25 a day
....SHASTA AND TRINITY COUNTIES....
CHEAP FARES
250 laborers, no' experience required, $2 to $2 30
a day; 50 drillers $2 50 a day
WE SHIP EVERY NIGHT
27 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
Dairyman, north, $30; 9 milkers, different
country^ dairies $ 3 ' 3
5 choremen and boys; Catholic choreman, in-
stitution, country. $20: boy to drive delivery
wagon; porter, city store. $35; "young man
who understands lumber, for a merchandise
store
Married choreman, wife to cook, small In-
stitution
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief cook, eating-house $50 and found
Sausage maker, mining company.. $40 and fd
Cook, small place, city, $35 and found; cook,
plain hotel, near city. $40 and found: 7 cooks,
different places; dishwasher, officers' mess,
$20; 2 beef luggers $2 25 a day
Pantryman, country hotel $30 and found
Waiter restaurant, $40; 9 waiters, country
hotels. J25 and $39; bell boy, $10; 3 camp
waiters, S25. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
A— TO-DAY (SUNDAY) ."
To-Day (Sunday)
AT C. R. HAXSEN & CO..'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work Free fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
5J drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $173
„ FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
Free fare.... .....Ship to-day Free fare
6 teamsters, near city ;$2 a day
€ house carpenters, country $3 to $3 50
2 bridge carpenters, railroad work. .$3 to $3 50
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country hotel, $S0; 6 waiters,
country hotels. $30 and $25; marker, $2 to
$2 SO a day; shirt polisher. $1 60 to $2 a day
for country laundry; barkeeper, city, $50;
•waiter, institution, $30; laundryman, institu-
tion. $25.
C. R. HAJfEEN & CO 104 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market 6t.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary", telephone Jessie 1176.
MEN "WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
PDLEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
AH applications for work received at
Room No. 15 No. 4 California st
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Co.
California Bridge and Construction Co.
City Street Improvement Co.
Cotton Bros. & Co.
Dundon Bridge and Construction Co.
Healey. Tibbitts & Co.
Hyde Construction Co.
Darby Laydon & Co.
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Con5tructlon Co.
Thomson Bridge Co.
Robt. Wakefleld.
AGENTS wanted for "Life and Distinguished
Sen-ices of Wm. McKinley." by Murat Hal-
stead, etc.; 600 pages: only $1; biggest book,
lowest price, fastest seller; agents' profits 100
to SCO per cent; we sell all the different Mc-
Kinley books and allow same profits; we save
all our arents money; outfits fine. Standard
Pub; House, Dept. G. Chicago.
A BRIGHT, energetic, experienced salesman of
good address, habits, neat appearance and
ability; one capable of meeting and entertain-
ing representative people; state age. experi-
ence, qualifications and reference, with full
particulars in own handwriting. Box 1139,
Call office^
SEVERAL young men, about 16 years of age,
to make themselves generally useful In our
cutting-room. Standard Shirt Factory, , cor.
Goueh and Grove sts.
\u25a0WANTED — Manager for large cloak and suit
department; must be capable of buying new
stock and taking full charge; state experi-
ence, reference, etc. Box 1166, Call office.
WANTED — Nov. 1. for law office, stenographer
and typist, 16 to 18, who desires to study law.
Address P. O. box 237, Merced, Cal., in his
handwrltins.
TAILORS— A first-class, ladies' tailor to work
on Jackets and skirts for Santa Rosa; must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
corner Second and Market sts.
WANTED — Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
WEIL & MICHEL'S' factory, 531 Mission sL
EXPERIENCED laundryman, capable handling
marking and distributing rooms; wages $4.
Box 933. Call office.
WANTED — First-class picture-frame maker-
Apply Monday morning at Superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
WANTED— A boy of from 14 to 16 years. Ap-
ply with reference, EAGLEEON & CO.. 535
Market at. .
WANTED— First-class picture frame jjiner;
steady work; only experienced need apply..
13-17 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WANTED— A young man of good address to
solicit for the Automatic. Call bet. 9 and 10,
Monday. 522" Twelfth St., Oakland.
WANTED — First-class experienced dry goods
wrapper for delivery department. Apply box
1132. Call office.
WANTED— Young man handy with tools to eet
up toys. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 j
a. m. :
CANVASSER for business houses; must be a
hustler; state fcrm oi business. Box 953, Call, i
WATCHMAKER wanted for city store; must i
work evenings; steady position. Box 981, Call, i
WANTED— A carpenter to work by the day.
Call at 116 Front st., Monda'- morning.
STRONG boy wanted to wcrK' !n factory. S22 J
Market st. .
BOY about IS years to work in paper-'oox fac- '
tory. 16 Fremont st."
WANTED — Competent man to visit physicians.
Box S9G, Cal! office.
WANTED— Cock for a small restaurant. 1913
Central »ve.. bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED — A good sober bedmaker. D»wey
House, 22 East st.
SOBEK shoemaker on repairing; good proposi-
tion to rieht man. l€08 Lasruna St., nr. Post.
BOOTBLACK wanted this rrorning. 12 Cali-
fornia Ct.
STRONG young man to care for Invalid. 2624
Sutter St.. after 10 a. m.
BOY to make himself useful about store.
Locwenthal's, 914 Market ft. '
BOY wanted. 52S Hayes street.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 415 Brannan Et.,
Eureka Hotel.
MANAGER— Faithful, energetic man to man-
age branch this city.' Best references given .
and expected. Old established house doing
Urge Increasing business. Must furnish $1200
cash, be willing make permanent engagement.
Salary J240O year and chance advancement.
Superintendent, Box 531, New Haven, Conn.
AMBITIOUS representatives; wages $3 day; '
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement. 2C6 State st..
New Haven, Conn. >
WANTED — A bright, active young man . bet.
the ageB of 23 and 35, of good address, to so-
i licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make frfom 53 to $10 per day; references re-
\u25a0 quired. Addregs box 970, Call.
I WANTED — Immediately, man or boy with some
experience in the grocery business; steady
I Job; no night or Sunday work. Call at cor-
ner of E. 14th st. and Prospect av., Frultvale.
WANTED — Young man for office work; tmwt
be good at figures. Apply before 11. a. m. .at
; HALE BROS.. . Inc.
[ WANTED— A reliable city ' drummer, salary
; and commission, for a family liquor store.
Address "K.," P. O. Box 520, Sacramento.
' BOY in gents' furnishing store; must under-
\ stand romethlng of the business and make
I himself useful; $5 per week. 535 Valencia st.
« 2-CHAIR barber shop; Santa Rosa; well lo-
cated; good business; cheap. C. A. BRO-
BACK. 219 Fourth Bt.. Santa Rosa, Cal.
- GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
' good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. I
• MISCELLABfEOUS WAKT8.
MOUNT OLIVET and: Keswick electric W
stock wanted for cash. .KESWICK, box 1 1167, ;
Call office. \u25a0 .* ---.•
WANTED— Second-hand stereoscopic - camera;
Georz lenses. Address box 877, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. .WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN. 3
AX^MA^OLXTTFAjTICoA^r^pltfPA^JY" ~~
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
- on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages ;
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and- legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing- business elsewhere.
................ R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3 •
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle bl(r. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 \u25a0 at 6% or less in large, sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY- proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny St., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
* place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
! ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.,office 7.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan b.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; deal
direct. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
_jtrictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E; RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOAN'S mo*ey on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— Several ( small loans for building
purposes. Apply room 39, Nevada block.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
EVERYBODY Is invited to call and listen to
the wonderful Simplex piano players as ex-
hibited in our warerooms every day. They are
the best and cheapest of all piano players and
the easiest to manipulate. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Market St.. Pa-
cific Coast agents.
WE are the only house carrying the cele-
brated Decker & Son and Baumeister pianos.
Our prices are always low and our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7b9 Market St.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both pew and second hand, is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose . from. New pianos I
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $0 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $35 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs lrom ?25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20-O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
son and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy <t
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850. \
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway. $185 up; Fischer,
X100; Chickering, J165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of hlsh-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1705 Market st.
PIANOS — The most modern pnd up-to-date;
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard. Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market st.
S. F. : (Branch Store. 9ol Broadway, Oakland).
STFINWAY & SONS' square, new strings, new
hammers; good as new; call bet. 10-12 a. m.
or 2-4 v- m. to-day. NW. cor. 14th & Guerrero.
TO exchange— A lot C0xl2S in Detroit. Mich., for
san Francisco vnrant or Improved; wilt as-
sume. B. SHAFFER, 16 Hoff ave.
ACCOUNT departure, elegant grand upright
piano for one-third value; fine carved case;
ftandard make. 3009 Sixteenth st.
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; a sacrifice account of sickness. £95
Kills £t.
CARLOAD ?4C0 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
1 WANTED— Upright piano; any condition. State
price to box 9S6, Call office. .,
WILL pay cash for your old sealskins. Ad-
dress at once, box 97, Call office.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try tojell lt L _R. 36, 217 Geary.
: 525— HERTZ piano; good for practice: Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost $900;
now $300; party going away. 127 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron Mausy. Lester Hamilton,
Sptelmann pianos. 308 Post st.
$5T0 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos -with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister et. \u25a0
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. . ?126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Gears' «t.. room 88.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Horhung'a, 216 McAllister.
AT" KEEFFB'S, 22 Turk Bt.. near Market—
; Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. C60 Hayes.
. OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Leased sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
• electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
; ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st. '
• STORE, 29x40, with four rooms above; Kearny-
i Merchant sts.. Hall pf Justice. 413 Kearny.
< FOR RENT— Beautifully furnished office; very
desirable location; best of service. Call at
813 Sutter st.
. FINE corner; fixtures complete grocery, bar.
3999 Seventeenth st.. corner Market.
' OIL, j
WANTED— To buy twenty to forty acres, with
producing well, in Kern County. J. E.
KERR. room 7. first floor Mills bldg. ".
OIL' tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
• sizes; cheap. H. S. "WHITE. 510 Mission St.
pALMIgTIlY# , ~~~
' H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
" |»A!.Vl>:ii> AMI mXOH.VUMt!*.
1 J. C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; phone Polk 1423;
' best quality work: lowest prices; get flgurea.
' Y ' PARTNERS WANTED.
e \u2666 1 '\u25a0 ! i ' — —
, PARTNER wantrd: gent.. or lady; some means;
going candy business in city. Box 971. Call.
:. PERSOXAIiS. :f.
THE Star Hair Remedy positively restores gray
; and faded hair to natural color without dye.
Proof, one preparation restores all shades and
color*, blonde, ash blonde, red. all shades of
brown (preserving the glint or golden hue pe-
culiar to brown hair) and black. If a dye it
would dye all shades same color. Also cures
dandruff, stops falling, grows new hair. Sold
by druggists and hairdressers. Ask for It.
Take no other. It's .guaranteed. The Star
Remedy Co., 385 Geary St., S. F.
HAVE YOUR HANDS READ.
If you contemplate a change in business or
embarking in a new enterprise, I can tell .you
whether you will be successful or not. Deep
study and much experience has enabled me to
read the past and predict , the future from
hands on strictly scientific principles. N.
JANICE CLARKE. Palmist. 1206 Market St.,
room 35. r
INDIAN* baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St., largest curio store in America; visitor*
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
ALL scalp and hair diseases cured, hair grown,
gray restored; shampooing our. specialty; fa-
cial massage with hydro- vacu treatment;
hairs, moles, warts removed by electric nee-
dle. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny & 47 Post.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with 'these suits we make an extra
' pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
"WANTED— By an Eastern trainer, lady or gen-
tleman to co-operate- in the purchase of two
race horses or to invest on my information
and judgment. Address Trainer, box 1160, Call.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any cas« of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Mod.
Co.. 734 Valencia St., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room-rWlnchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;*
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; alst>
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth, Oakland.
YOUNG married couple (art students), with no
particular income, would be glad to lend an
atmosphere ot bohemianism in exchange for
dinner invitations. Address box 962, Call.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 350S
Eighteenth St.. corner Guerrero.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y. I
FLORODORA— You don't know yourself be-
fore you have heard .Richelieu, the only
phonograph life delineator. 1S23 Scott st.
PERSONAL— Scientific massage and magnetic
treatments given at your home. PROFES-
SOR LA GRANDE, 344 O'Farrell st. i
G. LEDERER'S balr dressing always the best;
25c all Etylex: shampooing. 50c; good switches. I
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. j
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING i
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c,. postpaid; free demon-
stration; c?me and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Po3t.
McCABE's Detective Agency. handles all legit-
imate detective business? Emma SpreckeW
bldg.. rooms 323-324. S. F.t tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladies' \u2666'•'jor-made suits, coats.
ailk waists, trimmed half, skirts, etc.: weekly ,
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
LEWIS R. RUCKER desires to inform his
friends that he has opened a first-class fruit
stand at 12C2 Stockton st. s--
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
RHEUMATISM cured under guarantee. Call or
write Doctor, 504 Parrott bldg.. San Francisco.
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
notism exchanged for vocal lessons. 930, Call.
SEND stamp for list books which can't be
bought elsewhere. Books, 406 East 75th, N. Y.
AV ANTED— Old sealskins; will pay cash. Box
1154. Call office. ____
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pfne 23S6.
MASQUERADE costume?, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for 51 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE* suits. »7 50; dress pants, J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured :no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. fcet. 18th & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PL.ANIXG AND TURNING MILLS.
"WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Pawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND St%GEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OfHce and residence.
10211* Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, rir. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-76fi Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
WRIGHT & EWELU ™"~
Real Estate and Financial Agents,
Loans, Insurance. 31S Montgomery st.
MISSION ST.
Bet-ween Main and Beale. only purchase In
that vicinity, and only 1 block from the South-
ern Pacific new depot; pays over 6 per cent net
NEAR THIRD ST.
Full size lot. full depth: a rare opportunity
to Improve; at present old improvements.
GEARY ST.
Five-story and basement brick, entirely new
and modern; pays over $8C0 per month.
FIRST ST.
Near Market; new building; large lot; splen-
didly Improved; large Income.
SIXTEENTH AND GUERRERO STS.
Large lot, 130x170, with fair* Improvements;
. splendid opportunity for development.
$7250.
Shrader St., near Waller; lot 27:6x106, with 2
' flats renting for $65 per month.
DOLORES ST.
Between Fifteenth and Sixteenth sts.; lot 100
xl50.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
5 lots; can be bought at reasonable figure.
$3000.
Nice lot on Pine St., west of Fillmore: old
improvements; rents now $20 per month; flats
would pay well: a bargain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful building lots; south side of Jack-
sen st.
DONNELLY & CO 632 MARKET ST.
$14.500— Modern flats. Western Addition; rent-
ed for $1400 a year.
$4S00— Two modern flats. 5 and 6 rooms and
baths: handsome and substantial: rents $43.
! . J2100— Coiy little cottage out Mission way;
a genuine bargain.
; i3S0O— House of 3 flats, and rear house: in
fins order; lot 25xS0; 3 blocks south of Mar-
; ket; rented for $46.
$2250 — Two flats near Park; lot 25x125; rented
for J22.
$4200 — Lot, Fulton St.; seven minutes* -walk
• from City Hall; old Improvements; offer
. wanted. !
• $1200— Lot 25x104: Twenty-first St.. nr. Flor-
ida; ready to build on; snap.
Lot 32x100: Tenth ave. and B St.; ready to
build on; offer wanted; some bargains north
! and south of Park; also in Excelsior Home-
stead, Flint Tract. Gift Maps 2 and 3, and
• South San Francisco.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
- $3000— FINE lot 25x100 on Haight St., near Mar-
t ket.; good location.
t S10CO— Large lot 37:6xlfio on 14th av&. near park.
$1000— Business and residence lot 30x100 on Point
Lobos ave., next to corner First.
' $1900— I^ot 33:4x137:6 on Filbert St., near Van
Ness ave.; a snap.
: $350— Lot 23xlC0 on California st., near 12th
ave.: street work done. .
- $1300—2 lots 101x114 each; large 2-story and attic
l dwelling, elegantly furnished, with piano
and small house In rear; sightly location;
;,<\u25a0:'.•' near Castro and 21st sts.; rents $50 per
: - \u25a0 month: must be sold at once; make offer;
1 everything goes at above price, which is
half its cost.
' ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
507 California st.
5 $1750— A PICK-UP in the Mission: a new cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath, with all modern
S Improvements: this is a chance for some one:
1250 down, .balance on easy terms. Inquire o!
D. COFFIN. 3323 Mission st.
1 FOR i bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
• suburban lots, farms, all through the State,
also large list of desirable city sites, se<
The Phelps-Lcwls Co., 7C2 Market st.
; NEW cottage, 6 rooms, baths: lot 37: fix 1C0 feet
Ml£slon;.$28(0; terms tosult buyer. 413 Kearny.
HELP WAVTKD FEMAIX Con.
j;lSS HORGAN. K3 Sutter Bt.
3 cooks, acres* the bay $36
2 cooks, city, German style $30
JJousegirl, country. S30; 16 houseglrls. city. $25
French nurse, $25; French second girl $25
10 young- housegirls. $20; 6 second girls.. $20-$25
Cook, boarding-house, city. $30; 3 cooks. ...$JS
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory. 32%
Fremont M. ; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
licpe shirts: also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
pnd Grove Fts.
WANTED— Toung woman to go with army of-
lioer's family to Manila as nurse to little
pirl; pood salary to right party. Call at room
49. Gotham Hotel, or address box 9S8, Call.
I LADY to mail or superintend distribution
c-.rculars in each town of United States; good
pay; permanent. Address with etamp, MRS.
M. SUMMERS. Notre Dame. Ind.
WANTED— 2 intelligent honest ladies to Etudy
with DR. E. E. McLEAN, hair physician. Call
building, and open branch offices In Stockton
end Sacramento. Apply room 212, Call bldg.
PRIVATE Millinery Parlors— Ladles' own ma-
terials utilised or new furnished; work and
Ftyle guaranteed: trade taught; reasonable.
1000 Van .\>«s ave.
WOMAN for general housework and cooking; 2
in family; heavy washing given out. Call
BBBfiay. between 10 and 3, at 11S2 Sbotwell
ft., near Twenty-sixth.
WANTED— An experienced girt for general
housework in Oakland; small washing; wages
SSO. Apply C06 Montgomery St.. room 7. S. F.
WANTED— Good neat girl for %eneral house-
work. Apply Clay su. nr. Devisadero;
call 11 to 3 Monday.
WANTED— Young girl; 4 In family. 5923 Cali-
fornia eu, cor. 22d ave., Richmond district;
call Monday, 10 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L. SAMTER &. SON, 51S
Market St.
STENOGRAPHER, experienced; permanent po-
s'.tion; etate salary wanted; educational in-
stltutlcn. Box 9S3, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
Fteady work; best prices. LOWEXBERG *
CO., 27 Jessie Et., 5th floor.
"WANTED— Experienced lafly law stenographer;
e&lary $40 or over: Monday. California Busi-
nese College, 305 Larkln St.
"WANTED— Girl for general housework; 2 in
family; short distance in country. Call 9 to
12. £23 Devisadero et.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
£ in family; $15. Call Monday, 2400 Bush 6t.
\u25a0WANTED— Flrst-cless waist and skirt trim-
rners. COX. 1514 Piae Ft.
A GIRL for light housework and plain cook-
ing; wages J.:-. 2;r..'.'-r Howard Et.
"WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. 1831 Eddy St.
DRY goods Faleslafly wanted; 9 o'clock house.
Bex UXMt Call office.
1»ADY with teacher" s certificate and thorough
bookkeeper: S500; Fecurlty. Box 99S, Call.
TTANTED- Young girl to work In restaurant.
3 Howard St., near East.
"WANTED— Immediately, firet-class waist, skirt
end sieeve hands. Call room A. 121 Post et-
V." ANTED— Competent woman to visit physi-
cicr.s. Box 25, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators en children's wear,
to t^ke work home. 656 Mission St.. 4th floor.
EXFERIENCED or^rators un wrappers, to
take v.ork home. 656 Mission ft., 4th floor.
BRIGHT young girl about IT to operate a but-
tcrjjole machine. 056 Mission St.. 4th floor.
COMPOSITOR on a monthly; steady work;
state experience and wages. Box 1141, CaiL
EXPERIENCED bindery pirls wanted. Apply
SAXBOBaf. VAIL <£ CO., 741-743 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted on silk and wool waists.
XEWBAUKR BROS., 507 Market Et.
KELIAELE, trustworthy --oman for light
housework: famiiy of L. Apply 514 Minna 6t-
GIRL or middle-aired woman for general hou&e-
work: ; in family; $20. 405 Sutter st.
AT once — Woman of tact and capability to
tra.veL Her 11SS. Call office.
NEAT girl for peneral housework. Call Sun-
cay and Monday. 105 Scott et.
WANTED— Lady tor "housekeeping. Call bet-
10 and 2 to-day, flis Third St.
"WANTED— Young girl (German preferred; to
assist ivith children; wages TS: Eleep home.
HZ2 "Washington st. ; fares paid.
ExrERIE>'CED falcsladies for millinery;
highest wfc^es; steady position. 130 Sixth st.
GENTLEMAN -with me child wants hou?e-
ke^per. Address box 1163. Call office.
"WANTED— A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
Et. ; wace^ ;* a week.
TOTNG g!rl for second work. 2344 Sntter Bt.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS! PATTERNS! j
Latest Paris and London styles; any pattern
cut to order: leading system of the world;
hcMing highest award lrom Paris and Pen-
American Expositions; thorough course in
everything ix^rtainlng to dressmaking and
millinery. Call or send for circular. Mc-
DOWELJL.-6. iCM Market st.
"WANTED — Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; aJso operator on women's waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS., 1212-1214
Market st.
V>'ANTED— An experienced lady bookkeeper;
one thoroughly reliable and accurate; must
be a good penman: state reference and salary
required. Address box PSf\ Call office.
LADY in each county for branch office work;
no canvassing ; Etraight, bona fide salary paid
each Tuesday with expenses direct from bead-
quarters; permanent position; money ad-
vanced for expenses; no capital required ex-
cept good refs.; inclose self-addr'sed, stamped
envelope. Manager, 3S7 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
Ho TO $35 per week guaranteed ; S ladies and
3 gentlemen; theatrical eketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
A LAX)T cf indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Experienced hands for alterations
on clocks and suits. Apply at HALE BROS,
before 31 a. m.
WANTED— A first class millinery trimmer.
Api'ly before 11 a. m. at HALE BROS., Inc.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S Cloak Store. 143 Post St. I
FIRET-CLASS finishers on cloaks and suits at
H. RATNERS. 131 Post ft.
GIRLS wanted. Cascade Laundry, 1"5 Tenth st.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI 6TRACSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3?*a
Fremont Bt. : good wages; no experience
neceeeary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED opera torn on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts: also a lew bright gjrls about 16
vears of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Khirt Factory, corner Gough
end Grove ets.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWEXBEKG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. Sth floor.
HAIRDREESING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing and facial massage Included: entire
course SS; portions positively guaranteed;
four good positions waiting. S. F. College.
142 Stockton St., room 15.
WANTED— Gc-rman or Swedish girl for cook-
ing and downstairs work; call in the morning.
2«.V) Mission st.
GIRL.. 16 to IS years old; light housework; 2
in family; Alarne-da; good home; $2 week.
Box 210. Vail office.
FINISHER and liner on fur garmente. E. E.
WALLEY. 115 Kearny gt.
FTROXG woman to assist in general house-
work and plain rooking; wages $15. 6% Fulton.
(URLS to learn papr ttox making; steady
work; wages from etart. S22 Market, 3d floor.
GKP.MAN girl. Eausallto, assist general house-
work and hak<*ry. Call a. m. at 616 Green st.
v.ANTED-Womea for light work on fruit.
1721 Folsom St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertl»eme=.t» and
tuhscriptions fca$ been established ex 1096
Va'.f-ncla 6t. _^ _ —
HELP WAXTED— MALE. .
AN assistant foreman for the boiler shop of
the HlEdon Iron Works of San Francisco;
must \& capable of laying out work and ex-
perir-ncpj in the handling of mechanics and
other help. Apply t>x office of company. Beale
and Howard ets. '
CIVIL Service Government positions— 9889 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10, (KM
this yr-ar: common school education required
• for the examination; catalogue information
J free. Columbian Correspondence College,
I D. C. . j
MAX who has had experience In repairing rub-
ber tires. Apply with ; references, : Monday
Tiorning, S Eeale st.
REAL ESTATE — CITT — FOR SALS.
SASTOK, ELDRIDGE St CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION! . •
AUCTION!
rUESDAT October 15. 1301 <
At 13 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, No. 638 Market Street.
VAIXEJO ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (Nos. 1220-1222) V&llejo St., 1S2:«
'eet east of Hyde; a two-story house of 7 rooms
ind bath. 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each and
i rear house, 5 rooms; all In first-class condl-
:ion; modern, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels
md sinks, etc.; magnificent view of the city
ind Golden Gate; rents $71 per month; lot 43:9x
137:6 feet; street bituminized; cement walk.
SOUTH OF' MARKET INVESTMENT.
West side (Nos. 124 to 126^4> Hawthorne st..
137:6 feet south of Folsom: three fine well-bnllt
Sats of 5, 8, 4 rooms and bath: this property
»eing centrally located Is always rented; rents
552 per month; lot 24:9x112:6 feet.
ELEGANT SITE FOR FLATS.
North side of 23d st.. 92 feet east of Guerrero;
two fine large building lota In the heart of th9
ramous MISSION WARM BELT; modern flats
built on these lots would rent for $37 50 per
month each: level and ready for building; street
bituminized. cement sidewalk; lot SSxlU feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Northeast corner (No. 100) South Broderick
snd 14th sts.; modern residence of 7 rooms and
bath and basement: well built; magnificent pan-
oramic view of San Francisco and bay shore-
cities; lot 26:3x85:3 feet.
MISSION HOME. » :
West side (No. 38) Norfolk St.. 180:6 feet south
of Folsom; a fine two-story house of 6 rooms;
in good condition; lot 22:6x63 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE— ON TERMS.
South side (No. 381) Jersey st.. 83 feet east of
Castro; pretty, well built modern home of 8
rooms and bath; only half block from Castro-
et. cars; TERMS 1-5 CASH; lot 25x114.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (924) Page St., 106:3 feet east Devis-
adero: large, well-built modern residence, 8
rooms and bath; in fine condition: a fine key lot
on the sunny side of street; lot 22x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 1733) McAllister St.. 162:8 feet
west of Broderick; a cozy, modern, up-to-date
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; only 4 years old;
cost $2500 to build; street bituminized; larga
lot. 43:9x137:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 2819-2821) Golden Gate ave..
230 feet east of 1st ave.; two modern, well-built
flats of S rooms and bath each; porcelain bath:
tiled mantels; every modern convenience; rents)
$30 per month; lot 26x137:6 feet.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southwest corner Buchanan and Greenwich
sts.: five elegant building lots, level and ready
for building; this portion of the city baa devel-
oped wonderfully in the last year and this
property is assured an elegant future.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
South side of California st.. 96:4 feet east of
17th ave. ; a fine large level lot ready for build-
ing; street sewered; lot 40x96:1 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
- 633 Market St.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. -
63S Market st.
MODERN SUTTER-ST. FLATS.
JS500— Two elezant modern flats of 6-7 rooms
and bath each: elegantly decorated
throughout; atone bulkhead; north side
of street; desirable and complete in
every detail: lot 24:8x137:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
$5000 — Six well-built tenements of 4-5 rooms In
the beat renting port'.on of th« city;
rtnts J672 per annum; Shipley st., near
4 th; larse lot 41:2^x69 feet.
$4750 — Six flats of 3-4 rooms each; in good con-
dition and always rented; rents $782 per
annum; large lot. oOxSO feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7000— =-A fine lartce mpdern house of 10 rooms
and bath and basement on the southwest
corner of Scott St.; lot 23*106:3 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$3230 — Two-story house of 8 rooms: key lot;
Lyon 3t.. near Sutter; lot 25x119:4 feet.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
EIGHTEENTH-ST. HOME.
$2400 — A modern two-btory house of 7 rooms
and bath; sunny side of street: cement
sidewalk; street bituminized; rents $13
jier month.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$1SCO — On Sacramento at., near Powell; well-
built cottase of 8 rooms; lot 20x40 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$1800— A cozy sunny cottage of 4 rooms and
- bath and basement; on Stelner St., near
Filbert: -rmarovements onry 2 years old;
-well built and In fine condition; key lot.
25X100 feet.
We* have a number of very desirable cot-
tages in the best portion of the Mission, rang-
ing from $1SOO to $3500. Particulars given at
our office.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market it-
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery »t.
$11,000— Finest northeast corner lot on Presidio
Heights; 37:6x127:8; magnificent marina
view.
$10,000— Rents $37 50: 3 new flats of S. S and
7 rooms and bath: all the latest Im-
provements; on Broderick st., near
Grove.
110,000— Very choice lot near Sutter and Tay-
lor sts.; 33 feet frontage; will pay 13
per cent net If improved.
$3,500^ — Rents $SO; 2 fine modern flats of 6 and J
9 rooms and bath each, on Devisadero
st.. near Washington; lot 23x110.
I7.5CO— Attractive modern residence of 9
, rooms, bath, furnace, etc.. on Baker St..
near Fulton: lot 25x100.
$6,000 — Rents $52 50; 2 new flats of S and •
rooms and bath each: latest Improve-
ments: Post st., near Devisadero.
$3,500— Cheap; Howard st, near Third; 2-story
house of 10 rooms and bath: lot 20x80.
$4,500— Rents $42; 3-story bay-windowed build-
ing on Powell st., near Clay; always
rented: first story of brick; bank mort-
gage of |3C00 can remain.
$4,250— A bargain; house of 7 rooms and bath
on Washington St.. near Devisadero: lot
25x127:8; bank mortgage of $3000 can re-
main.
$3,600— Folsom st., near Eleventh; large housa
and lot; 36 feet frontage; get particu-
lars of this snap.
$3, SCO — Rents $42; 4 flats of 4 rooms each on
Clementina St., near Ninth; always
rented; pays 13 per cent net.
$3,000— Fine residential lot on Lagtina it, near
Page; 25x100.
$2.000 — Rents $24; near Folsom and Seventh
sts.; 3 flats; lot 25 feet frontage. \u25a0
15,250— Rents $52 per month; 4 Cats and lot
45x80 on Minna st., near Fourteenth; \u25a0
very cheap.
$12,000— Rents $35 and can be raised: S elegant
flats and large lot on Scott at., near
California. O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
FOR sale by
•JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Near Third and Bryant sts.; fine lot 100x180,
with 2 frontages; price J2C.5C0; or will lease for
a term.
KET LOT AND COTTAGE.
Western Addition; choice neighborhood; be-
tween 2 cable lines: sweet cottage, ( rooms,
bath, etc.; key lot; front, south side and rear,
receiving sun all day: just the lot for flats
when you tire of the. cottage; particulars at
office; price only $4150.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
California st.. south side. 67 feet east oi
Baker: size 25xS2:6; see this, please, and mak»
your offer: flx your price, it is for sale, and
will be sold quickly. '
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. '
Successors to O. Ltvennore.
Established 1874.
HAVE REMOVED TO
219 Montsomery 'St.,
Opp. Milla Bulldlnjr. \
$225— VERT cheap and large corner la South
San Francisco; ioxICO.
$375 — A pickup at Ocean View and near new •
carhouse; corner Broad and San Jose ave.;
23x125.
$1400— Fine corner, near new chutes: Tenth
ave. and B st.: 32:6x100; will submit offer.
$2800 — Pays btg rent. $48 monthly; near Fourttt
and Bryant sts. •
$1N»- Eighteenth st.. near Noe; rtreet bltum-
lnized: lot 25x100.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
LOT ar.d improvements on 11th St.. near Mis-
sion, 100x125. a sacrifice; also several choice
r-sidtnee and business corner lots, improved
and unlmDroved. PATTERSON & CO.. U
City Hall square. ;
A BARGAIN— 2 new cottages for sale: 25x40;
lot 50x140; 4 rooms: large pantry and bath:
hot and sold water; electric bells: worth over
$3000: prloe $2300. For particulars address
box CSO, Call. ;
$*>5C— NEAT cottage of 6 rooms and bath; 22,1
st near .Dolores; cars pass the property;
this must be sold, owner being a non-resi-
dent. JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery
street. -
tjO octv- House, 12 rooms and bath; cost $2o,0C0
to build; lot 7r>xlJ0; «corner Fairmount anJ^
I^aldley sts. ; splendid residence for wealthy
family: grand view. HEALT & GILLESPIE.
the sole agents. 63t> Market st. v^
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty. .
; LOST AND FOPSD.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, " brown head, black
spot on side; answers to the name of Flash.
Return to MR. ANDERSON, 1561 Fifteenth
St.; liberal reward. • v
LOST — Xhree diamond rings in Oakland, near
Eighth and Adeline sts. Liberal reward for
return of same to DR.- H. S. KERGAN. 1124
Eighth Bt., Oakland. " , \u25a0
IF 'the party who found lady's chatelaine bag
(valued as keepsake) In ladies' parlor, Hale
Bros., Saturday, will return same to Stew-
art Hotel they will be handsomely rewarded.
LOST— Shepherd dog; license No. 2684. Return
to 620. Folsom st. and receive reward.
LOST— Pair eyeglasses, Friday evening. Re-
turn room. 6. 110 Sutter St.; receive reward.
LARGE gold nugget; full value in reward. 133
Ellis at., room 33.
LOST— Valise and banjo; Ferry depot; liberal
reward. NELSON. 46 East st.
LOST-^Black feather boa on Geary st., between
\u25a0 Leavenworth and Powell, Thursday • after-
noon. Return to 1125 Alabama st. and re-
ceive reward. . f
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. AUTENRIED wishes to announce
to all those afillcted— no matter what may be
your troubles or how long standing— that she
will give consolation and advice free of
charge for the next two days. If you are sick,
discouraged and have lost all hope ot ever be-
ing blessed with health again call upon her.
If she can cure you she will say so. If not
she will be equally as frank. Her fee for
treatment is In the reach ot all. Call at once
for tree consolation. No cure, no pay. Is this
not honest? Could anything be fairer? She is
a recognized graduated physician. 438 Eddy \
st,; hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subject* of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest case3. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladles before and during con-
finement: best care, attention: confinement
$15; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 ISth
et.; Mlssion-st. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DAVIES, who has been in
business here for 23 years, is still located at
1228 Market: maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. rn. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH, reliable ladles' specialist;
private home before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
A GREAT victory over diseases of women; Dr.
Alice J. Prather's Asiatic Magic Powder; con-
sultation and samples free. R. 11, 102 Ellis st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies' fpecialist: a priv. home befori and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care: low fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 112fi Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market Ft. to 410 O'Farrell st.
A CONFINEMENT home for the poor: free of
charge. Address ABC, box 2333. Call office.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods: 25 years' experience in S. F.;
guarantees to cure all female trouble: mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
TTTi1«n couare: all d'seayep enred liv herh«.
MIXES \u25a0 AXD i MIjVIXG.
RICH ore denosit, free gold. In this State:
I prospector wants partner with $2500 to go
with him. locate and work half: Box 1159,
CalK \u25a0 :
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS F"OR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &. WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outtits on hand; 32 complete ou'.fits on
one floor ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
WESTINGHOUSE motors— We have for sale
the following WestlnRhoui=e Type C alternat-
ing current induction motors: 1 20-h. p., 2
10-h p., 1 7V4-h. p.. 1 1-h. p. For terms .and
particulars apply to BUCKINGHAM! &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth ami Valencia sts., San
Francisco. Cal. / J
! GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Apply Risdon
\u25a0\u25a0 Iron Works, corner Howard and Beale sts.
! LOT machine shop tools, lathes, plan?rs. shap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortiters, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st.
Graphciihones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
fl50: easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
U ,i0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophone? very
{ cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 1?5 Geary.
j MOUNT Olivet and Cypress Lawn Cemetery
i Elock very'cheaj>. Box 992, .Call office.
! $15— DOMESTIC sewing machine: 5 dr.: good
i order. 1015 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
A— BUYS, pells or rent3 gear, machinery, eri-
! glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
j etc. W'HITELAW. 253-255 Spear ft.
I SECOND-HAND gear case 1901 Cleveland,
j Stearns, Rambler. Snell, chalnless Spaulding
j and cheaper wheels; closing out. 607 Mission.
I WATCHES, jewelry rep. and made; cash pd.
j for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAI-
j lister st.,- .room 16. WM. MUND.
! ONE $43 Petaluma Incubator for. $25; one Re-
j liable Incubator, $15: also brooders, very
' cluap. H. F. HANSEN, Hay wards, Cal.
' ALMOST new sealskin coat for sale; $95. Apply
| NEW MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 617
| Washington st.
I BROKEN pointer bitch. $?0; dog, $65: ~pup~S
months old, $S; will accept part m-rchaniiint;
In ray: what have you? Box 907, Call office.
MD-HAND machinery, boilers, pipe, "engines and
dynamos bought, cold and exchanged. H S
WHITE, olfi Mission st.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
I FUitab'e for carpenter shop; also No. 2
| Hooker steam pump. £43 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
fl-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
\u25a0 1901 RAMBLERS, Ragles, light Stearns. Snell
and others: second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & HILL. 309 Larkln st.
i FINE ?uits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Bt.. near Pine.
A COMPLETE dental outfit for pale; reason-
able; apply at once. 483 Eddj' st.-
CANARY birds at Lohman's, guaranteed; come,
see and buy. 3168 Sixteenth st.
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton ror family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store. 1044 Valencia.
5C0.000 HARD old bricks. Old reservoir. Market
Bt , or apply at 64 Silver st., off Third.
' CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
i . ductlon. H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st.
' BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
I edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stgckton.
NINE dozen healthy common pullets; 6 months;
farm raised. 1727 Broadway, Alameda.
LARGE vault front; also large fireproof safe
• cheap. PERIAM & CO., 42 Main st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. !
• JF.WELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny st.. room 29.
» MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
I tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
• GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
, and launches. J. E. DOAK, 611 Mission st.
- SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
. MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
\u25a0 BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
' \u25a0 JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission at.
- ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
r J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
! FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale; Jeweler' * steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
1 subscriptions has been establlsned at 109S
I Valencia at. \u25a0 - '
- CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
, Call, "16 pages, sent to any address in the
i United States or , Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
30
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICED. . . .
$1100— A' great bargain; 5-room house; lot 48
$1000— Must be sold; 7-room house; lot 48x148.
$1250— Good 5-room cottage and bath; lot 37:6
1 xl22. . , .
$1500— Nice 5-room cottagre; lot 25x150.
$1SOO — New 5-room cottage, mo'dern; lot 35
X100. .... , \u25a0 . \u25a0 • .
$2200— A beautiful 5-room shingled cottage;
choice lot; convenient to trains and schools;
u snap; lot 33x100.
$2500— A fine S-room house; lot 35x150; fore-
closure. . \u25a0•
$3000— Nearly new 6-room house on San Jose
ave., near Chestnut st. ; lot 33x150; a bar-
gain. • • . . '
$3500 — An elegant 7-room cottage; best loca-
tion in Alameda: lot 50x150. \u25a0 • \ \u25a0
' All the above can be purchased on easy terms:
• Homes built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 1 Park street, Alameda.
C-ffice open Sundays and evenings.
$650— LOT, near Bay station.
$650— Lot, near Wlllow-st. station.
$700— Lot, Pacific ave.. Bay station.
$1000— Lot, near Central ave.. Morton-st. sta.
$1600— Lot, on Union St., near Central ave.
, CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
' . Bay Station, Alameda,
$750— HOUSE of 5 rooms, near station.
$1000 to $3000— Cottages of 5 and 6 rooms;
near stations and schools; on terms to suit.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
$2700— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms; large re-
ception hall; fine location; near Morton-st.
station; must be sold; owner going East.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
\u25a0 Bay Station, Alameda.
$1600— SWELL 5-room cottage In choice loca-
tion; lot 50x150; this is a snap. •
. $2500— 5-room cottage; lot 50x150; barn;
chicken houses; lawn; on one of our finest
avenues.
$3500— One of the finest 6-room cottages in
Alameda; lot 50x150; In the very swellest lo-
cation In our city; look at this.
$7500— Lot £0x207 1 /4, on which there Is an ele-
gant 8-room house: beautiful grounds.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave.
RARE CHANCE to secure fine building lots.
50 choice lots will be placed on the market
Monday, October 14; only two blocks from
the station and one block from the electric
• car line; these lots must be sold before the
1st of November; prices ranging from $100 to
. $300 per lot.
Large line of fine houses for- sale, $1000 to
$10,000. E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.
$2400— NEW cottage, 5 rooms; choice location;
$500 cash; 50-ft. lot. $1550— Good cottage, 4
rooms and basement. $2100— Cottage, 5 rooms
and bath: lot 50x117. $3500— New house, 8
rms.; lot 50x200; $."i00 cash. Lot 50x150. $500; $200
cash. Lot 33x120 $600; 30x125, $500. If you want
to buy or build 'see J. H. Young. 1243 Park st.
MUST sell to close an estate; house and lot
1144 Broadway, corner of Washington St..
Alameda. seven rooms, bath, attic, basement,
gas; lot 50x140; fine location; make offer. Ap-
ply to B. McFADDEN, Attorney, 906 Broad-
way. Oakland. '\u25a0 ' ' a
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA ROOMS WANTED.
\u25a0WANTED — In Alameda; pleasant suite of
rooms and first-class board for a lady whose
husband is away a greater part of the time;
In private family where there are no other
boarders preferred; references exchanged.
Addrtts box 955, Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DBRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WILL THIS TEMPT YOU?
$30C0 will buy a fine two-story house and
. lot, near the station on the sunny side of
.the street; street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week I will give as a bonus a fine corner
lot, 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
\u25a0 there Is no mistake, will give you the lot
free if you buy the house and lot.
.Have you ever heard of the Hillegass
Tract? If not it is your misfortune but not
my fault. Now here is my proposition. I
will sell you a very large lot with the street
work all done, worth $1500. and build you a
house, mind you, a thoroughly good one,
woith $2500, and sell you the whole for 33500;
either for cash or installments. Apply to
JOSEPH J. MASON, adjoining P. O.
Berkeley Station. '
$150 — ACRE lots: $10 cash, $10 per' month. W.
C. MORAN & CO. - \u25a0 '
$100— LOTS: *10 cash, $10 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$5C0— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract; j send for
maps.'. W. C. MORAN & CO. ,
$600—5 ROOMS; lot 50x130; chicken-house, well,
pump and tank; $50 cash, balance $10 per
month/ W. C. MORAN & CO. <
$800— $100 CASH, balance $12 permonth: lot 40x
130; well and pump. W. C. MORAN & CO.
1 ; ; \u25a0 .
$2000— SEE the new 5 and 6 room cottages I am
building at Golden Gate, Lorln and Ashby
stations; $1CO down, balance $20 per month:
every modern improvement. W. C. MORAN
& CO., Lorin, and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
$6500— INCOME property near the university;
substantial; two-story building; 22 rooms;
lot, 50x140; rents $700. a year.
$4500 — Nearly new two-stpry, 7 rooms and bath,
with elegant furniture; lot 50x125; finished
street; convenient to' university; half
cash.
$1400— Fine corner lot. ; 50x125; Scenic Park
Tract.
$900— Corner lot, 46x120; Telegraph avenue.
$25C0— New cottage, 6 rqoms and bath; lot 40x
134; near Dwight way; $500 cash, balance
installments.
$2500 — 2 lots, 80x136; modern cottage. v7 rooms
and bath: make offer; cost about- $4000.
ROTHERMEL & JiKRRELL,
507 California st.
j BARGAINS in Slightly Lots in Berkeley.
Lots $250 and $500 . each — 50x135; new, unsur-
passed; -within 4 blocks of electric and steam
cars. MAY & MORTIMER. \u2666
$1150— LOTS in Hillegass Tract; each lot 50x
156; street work done; only two left at this
offer: snap. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley
Station.
$5500— NEW house, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
HO; modern in every respect; near university.
MAY & MORTIMER.
$2800— MODERN, up-to-date cottage; large lot;
I street work done; sightly location: must be
seen to be appreciated.. MAY & MORTIMER.
3-ROOM. house on large lot. near station;
fruit trees, windmill and tank; only $900;
easy terms.
We are just finishing . a new up-to-date
cottage of 5 rooms and bath on a good lot,
near station; luice $1500; $1CO cash, balance
same as rent.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln Station.
NEW. modern house,' $25 per month, including
interest; $100 ca&h down; ?2750 in all: cozy,
new, 2-story 7-room house, with enamel bath;
opth plumbing; lot 40x140 feet; north side of
street; street work all dnne; cement wide-
walks laid: electric cars one-half block away;
a bank sale and a snap; property never oc-
cupied; liberal discount for cash..
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$3100 — 7-ROOM new Colonial house, close *to
steam and electric cars; complete to move
into; cheap.
$1700— 7-room cottage; large lot; growing neigh-
- borhood: bargain.
$2000— Cottage, 3 blocks from Berkeley Station;
this is a bargain.
$1500— Fine corner lot, 00x135; the cheapest lot In
Berkeley.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley.
COMFORTABLE 6-room cottage; sunny side;
modern Improvements; lot 50x135; 'fruit trees,
stone sidewalk; 4 blocks from R. R. station.
Apply 1627 Falrvlew st.. Lorln sta.. Berkeley.
jLET.^^
$28— NICE furnished cottage, 7 rooms, stable,
etc. Northwest corner Grove and Blake sts.,
Berkeley. . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 / . .
- Tj^WIilTERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS I JTTYPEWRITElT&^We
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter.
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
LWEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
> typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDERM10 Montg'y.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, .nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold,' rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
'STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RolDo72pH^to7agT7nT^vlng~Co?r
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. \u25a0 Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and, Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
niOO-House.' 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112 ft.,
two blocks from car line; $15 40 per month will
buy this home. • x l
$1300— New house, 4 rooms and bath; 2 blocks
from station; $100 down, balance $16 80 per
month.
$1500— House, 5 rooms, and bath; mantel; lot
37:6x100 feet; two blocks from station; $300 cash,
balance $16 80 per month.
$1700— House, 6 rooms and bath, on Frultvalfc j
ave., one block from station; lot 50x116 feet;
$200 cash, balance $21 per month.
Money . to loan. HOME BUILDING CO.,
Fruitvale ave., south of railroad track. W. E.
RUDELL.
. \u25a0 ••!
$1500— 5-ROOM cottage; bath; wash stand; por- |
celain sink; high basement, with wash
trays; large lot; close to station; nothing
down ana only $30 per month.
$475— Lot 100x125; the cream of Fruitvale;
half cash, balance to suit: one block from
. Fruitvale ave. ; must be sold.
$1250—2 acres; as fine a building Bite as
there is In Fruitvale. !
$1SCO — 2 acres of sandy loam; 4-room cot-
tage; bath; hot and cold water; good base-
ment; barn; wind mill and tank; fruit trees;
chicken houses and yards. v - •
) Apply to ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Fruitvale station, or 1500 Park. st., Alameda.
$2500— NEW cottage of 6 rooms, with all mod-
.ern improvements; lot 80x180 feet; sunny
side; right close to Fruitvale ave., choice
locality; well and force pump; owner going
away; price reduced for a quick sale; on
monthly • payments; liberal discount for
quick* cash sale; investigate at once.
. \u25a0 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
\ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JUST commenced; pretty Colonial full two-
story house of 6 rooms, with open plumbing,
on lot 40 feet front (note the size); more land
can be had adjoining if desired; surrounded
by pretty, new stylish houses; plans will be
changed to suit purchaser; situated on Mer-
rimac or Twenty-eighth St., between Tele-
graph ave. and Grove st. This is the choicest
locality in all Oakland for pretty moderate-
priced homes; elevated about two feet above
the street; all street work complete; must be
seen to be appreciated; monthly payments
can be arranged. See owner on premises or
apply for lull particulars to
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008. Broadway, Oakland.
$2350— A VERY neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn: lot
"40x137 :6Vi; 2 years old; elegant view oi the
lake. See photo at the office of
GEO. W. AUSTIN &. CO.,
1003 Broadway; Oakland.
$3000-^LARGE, comfortable cottage In good
condition; lot 10x2,0 feet (note the size); front-
ing two streets: all street work complete;
good stable, chicken yard, chicken houses,
lruit trees, flowers, vegetable garden; one
block from San Pablo ave.: good location;
land alone worth the money; cost $5000; well
rented now; Insurance iliiiO, three years in
advance included; taxes paid to date; title
perfect; no mortgage; for a big sacrifice see
this at once; terms can be arranged. '
GEO W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
CHOICE NURSERY PROPERTY.
$3500— Cottage of 5 rooms, bath, stationary
stands and wash trays; 2 rooms finished in
'basement; Includes 3 large greenhouses; lot
16U feet front: corner; near trains to San
Francisco and convenient to public schools;
! fine opening for nursery; must be sold im-
mediately; price $3500 on terms; discount for
GKO. W. AUSTIN. & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000— ONE of the prettiest homes In all Oak-
land; brand new; just completed: Colonial
i style house of 6 rooms, porcelain bath, base-
ment, front and back porches; natural curly
redwood finish, prettily tinted, extra well
built and. complete In every detail; lot 37:6x
100; everything complete. Including lawn,
stone walks, gas fixtures, chicken house, etc.;
situated on' Thirty-fourth St., east of San
Pablo ave.; key across the street; go out and
see the place to-day; nice neighborhood; close
to electric cars, schools and churches; must
I be seen to be appreciated; will discount this
price lor immediate cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$S0O— PLAIN but cozy cottage of 5 rooms in
good condition: sunny side, close to San
. Pablo ave. electric cars; street work all done:
insured for $S0o; policy paid for three years
in advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arransed; would rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
(Incorporated.)
903 Broadway. Oakland.
\u25a0 Successors to 'William J. UinKee.
$2200— Best buy in West Oakland ever offered;
west of Adeline st. ; large modern house, two-
story, contains 4 bedrooms, parlor, dining-room,
kitchen, basement; all modern improvements.
\u25a0 «
$2000— Right in town; near Grove St.; lot 2ox
100; very neat cottage, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; all modern conveniences.
$3500 — Very neat home on Adeline st. ; fine
neighborhood; west side of street; nsw house
of 7 rooms, bath and all modern improvements.
$230X) — On Fourteenth st., .near .Adeline; large
cottage home of b rooms and bath; high base-
ment; large lot.
FINEST HOMES IN OAKLAND,
THE
MERRITT HOUSES,
FRONTING THIRTEENTH ST..
MADISON ST.
OAK ST.
Close to the narrow-gauge trains and the
broad-Kause at Oak st. station.
Houses contain from 9 to 11 rooms, with all
modern improvements; large lots; all sunny.
Prices range from $70QO to $13,000; easily worth
double.
Fine building lots at the corner of Twenty-
fourth and Webster sts.; one of the choicest
locations in Oakland; street work all dona;
lots all elevated: prices $1250 to $1400; any size
lots desired. See this uroperty at once. We
will build on any lot, to suit purchaser, and
sell on easy terms.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO. (Inc.).
902 Broadway.
Successors to William J. Dinsee.
$3500 PROPERTY FOR $2600.
Lot 50x140; sunny and convenient to cars,
schools, etc; almost new and in first-class
order; 6 rooms and' bath; owner has left
Oakland on account of sickness and must
sell; this Is a bargain and must be seen to
be appreciated.
•J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. ;
}300O— COST of house only; lot given away.
A brand-new 7-room house; cement base-
ment; large lot; driveway; three blocks to
local train; house opposite cost $16,000;
charming neighborhood; terms easy; «n ideal
home; street work complete; first come, first
serve. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— TWO-STORY 7-room house; worth to
duplicate $4000; its architectural design and
finish are of very latest and' best in every de-
tail; can not be appreciated as to price, lo-
cation and style without being seen.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
• -\ 1002 Broadway. . Oakland.
52700— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE
On a sightly elevation on Vernon" Heights ad-
• Joining Senator Perkins; it Is a beauty: must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything In
perfect order; in fact almost brand new; nj
reserve on this; first come, first serve.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
_^ \u25a0 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
GEO. B. M. GRAY'S BARGAINS.
- 4C4 Ninth st.
$3600— Modern residence of 7 rooms, laundry
and bath; situated on fine corner of one of
Oakland's prominent streets; house modem in
every particular; beautiful lawn, garden and
plenty of flowers; Ideal home.
Handsome colonial home of 9 rooms, laundry
and bath; all rooms very large; furnace, etc. *
fine beam celling in dining room;, sideboard
and china closet built In; choice home In
choice location; Nob Hill of "East Oakland;
terms can be arranged to .suit \u25a0
. Offer wanted; elegant piece of property con-
taining 2 Muses, one of 7 rooms and the other
of 9 rooms; wlll.be sacrificed; offer wanted for
immediate sale; well located; will be. sold- for
half its value:
$3500— Owner • leaving city desires to sell his
home before \u25a0 November 1; place is worth net
less than $4500. and, In order to make quick
sale will sacrifice for $3500; excellent location;
modern house of 8 rooms; Investigate this.
LOOK at the terms! ' Isn't this your chance?
• $250 cash, -balance easy installments, low "in-
terest buys this new modern up-to-date home;
9 fine rooms, reception hall, bath, pantry, etc.;
tinted walls, gas and gas fixtures; open por-
celain plumbing; corner lot. 50x118; both" streets
improved; nice neighborhood; close to stations,
cars, . etc.
OTHER GOOD BUYS.
$1400— Lot 40x140: cottage -home of -5 rooms
and bath, high basement; very easy terms.
$1600— New house of 6 rooms and bath; lot
40x112; $200 cash, balance like rent.
$1800— Fine place for money; new house of S
rooms and bath, high < basement, nice • porch,
porcelain plumbing, tinted walls, gas fixtures
etc ; lot 52x100. - • • , .
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
ROOMS TO liET— Fura. «m* TTa * ttJrM «
HOWARD 1018-1 large sunny *fo nt . roonl M !J^t
gas, use of kitchen IX wanted; also a Knal^
back room: cheap. ' - >
HYDE 133— Sunny, airy rooms; quiet house; en
suite* if desired; $8 to $12. __.
HYDE. 810— One single and suite ct furnished
rooms. '
JONES 923— Elegant sunny rooms; also be*»-
tlful corner suite; single rooms.
LARKIN 1007, corner Post— 3 nicely furnished
rooms. $S and $2 50 week.
LILY ave.. 131. near Octavia— Furnished front
room; rent reasonable. ___^_^ — 4
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Vaa
Ness-Suites new for.; single rooms. $10 up.
MCALLISTER. 816-Large sunny front room;
furnished or unfurnished.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth-Newly «ar=f»^«d
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient^
MISSION. 925%-Nlcely. furnished sunny bay-
window front rooms; gas; grate; lower flat
N VTOMA 243— Furnished rooms to let. $1, $1 25.
1130 per week; housekeeping. $2 50 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st
NICELY furnished room \u25a0*%£-£***** **"»
attached; rent $25. Apply 923 Ellis st
NINETEENTH. 4045. Castro cars— Sunny fur-
nished front room; bath: other rooms.
NORFOLK, 34—5 rooms for $10.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights ; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL*. 329— Furnished room to let. J
O'FARRELL, 554— Neatly furnished sunny suits
and single room; gentlemen only.
POWELL, 131. near Baldwin lot— Sunny rooms
to let ; •
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light; ,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. J3 to
$3; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rfcoms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth. St.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 523— Newly furnished sunny rooms la
private family.
STEVENSON. 631l£B— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, double and single; private.
SUTTER 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $3 per week; transient.
TURK, 121S-— Two furnished bedrooms. $10 and
$7 50; either room suitable for two.
YORK, 928— A' private house has sunny tar-
nished rooms for a gen.t; first-class board.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS ! A3TD JBOARD.
: -
*
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high cla_»; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable- In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy st., near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Vaa Ness are* , §
SUNNY rooms and board In nice horns in Oak-
land; 30 minutes from city; telephone; us«
piano and bath; references exchanged. Ad-
dress 918 Adeline at.. Oakland. "
ELLIS. 1044— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite, for gentlemen. In new flat; bath;
private telephone; electric light; first-class
board.
JONES. 92L between Bush and Pine — Newly
furnished suite or single room with flrst-
clag3 board, to couple or gentlemen; refer* cea.
SUNNY front room in new cottage, with board,
for 2 young men that would appreciate pleas-
ant home. Phone Capp 222.
BEAUTIFUL sunny parlor, with board: suit-
able for two; $50 per month. 93S Geary st.
NICE, sunny corner, alcove room; hot and cold
water; good board. 936 Valencia st.
HOTEL Las Falmas, 1S2O Market— Suits 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 i Johnson House) — Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; attracting rma.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. -
ROOMS WASTED.
"WANTED— Floor of 4 partly furnished rooms,
central and reasonable, for quiet couple; no
children. Address box 1152. Call of flee.
WANTED— 3" furnished rooms, cheap, for fam-
lly; state price. Box 1157. Call.
IN Western Addition. 3 or '4 partly furnished
rooms are wanted by quiet couple who lika
sun and dislike noise. D. A. E.. box 942. Call.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping:
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
5S2. Call. *
RUPTURE SAXITARIU3I.
HUNTERS ""rUP^URe""sANITARIX^. 1203
Market: treatment free; $103 paid for any truss
aa good aa our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I HAVE communicated with you through tha
address given me; expect to secure the posi-
tion soon; be patient; everything looks favor-
able. "E."
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— San
Francisco. Oct 10. 1901— Know all men by
these presents, that the firm of: A. W. PIKE "
& CO.. hitherto and now composed of A. W
PIKE and CHAS. H. WOOD, is hereby dis-
solved. The said CHAS. H. WOOD hereby
assumes all the obligations of the late firm
and takesvover all of the assets and from this
time on will continue said business under th«
former firm name of A. W. PIKE & CO
Witness our bands and seals the day and
year first above written.
A. TV. PIKE,
CHAS. H. WOOD.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend Nol 94 (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchln-
son Sugar Plantation Co.. will be payable at
the office of the company. 327 Market st. on
- and after Monday. October 21. 1901. Transfer
books close. Monday. October 14 1901 at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company
room 16. second floor. Mills bldg.. San Fran-
cisco. October 8, 1901— Dividend No. 193 of 42
cents per share on the capital stocJc of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room li
second floor. Mills bldg., on October 15*
1901. Transfer books will close on October
10. 1901, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGART. Secretary.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The following caarrlaze licenses wers Issued
yesterday:
Edward E. Nelson. 23. 23^ Kisslinz street.
and Tillle Nelson. 28. 1020 Shotwell street
Phillip Justltz. 37. 1317 Church street, and
Toney Knlspul. 27. 1137 Pollc street.
John B. Fitzgerald. 41. Elko, Nev., and Mas
S. Bacon. 23.. Elko. Nev.
Joseph B. Ryan, 26. 427 Sixth street, and
Mary Magulre. 22. 435 Harriet street. C"
John J. Mulcahy. 32. '600 Fillmore street, and i
Margaret V. Shea, 19. Port Costa. f
Antonio Nezrrini, 4S, Martinez, and Anita '
Matincci. 42. city.
Moses Levy. 41. 1908 Mission street, and Eliza
J. St. Clair. 39. 142 Hickory avenue. .
Baptlste Darees. 32. 1226 Mason street, and
Marie Magendle. 26, WO Broadway.
Hermann C. Schlichting. 23. 1510 Hyda street
and Marie Moller. 21. 539 Second street
William T. McClatn. 30. city, and Alice O.
Plant, 20, city. ~"~-
Robert S. Miller. 41, city, and Julie E. Fal-
lon, 31. city. *^..V
Alfred J. Battle. 21. 25 Wlldey avenue, and
Elizabeth E. Hanke. 17. Oakland.
Jacob Sleg. 34. 112 Natoma street, and Llzzlo
C. Anderson. 22. 60 Natoma street.
Arthur E. Clements. 23, 922 Howard street
and Mary E. Farnsworth. 39. 2109^ Howard st.
BIRTBS-MARRMES-DEATO
Birth. marrJajte and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b»
! Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
SJ.-.3 authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.'
BEVANS— In this city, October 7, 1901, to the
wife of I. L. Be van s. a son.
COHEN— In this city. October 10. 1901. to tha
wife of William Cohen, a daughter.
CULLEN— In this city, October 10, 190L to the
wife of C. J. Cullen. a son. .
KAVANAOH— In this city. September M 19oi\
to the wife of^Michael Kavanagh. a son. k
Continued on Page Thirty-One, i
HEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE,
£HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., .:
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. . ,
21S-220 Montgomery st
PRICE REDUCED.
510,000— Price reduced from $12,600; must be sold;
eunny side of Pine st ; substantial house
of 12 rooms and bath; hardwood floors ;
large lot. SS:Sxl37:6 feet
INVESTMENT PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
j 1250— Rents $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at <
per cent can remain; south of Market
st Investment; close to Third and Bry-
ent sts.
MISSION FLATS.
$4500— Mission flats. San Jose ave.; rents $40;
lot 36:4^x88 ft; every room light and
sunny.
SPECIAL.
116,000— Mlssion-st business property; substan-
tial building of stores, lodging-house
above; rents $130; lot 50x122:6 ft
PRICE REDUCED.
$4250— Price reduced from $6000; corner resi-
dence, on best part of San Jose ave.; 2-
6tory residence of 7 rooms and bath; lot
30x137:6 ft
SNAP IN INCOME PROPERTT.
125,000— Mission st, near Ninth; lot 40x160 ft;
church building on Mission et and two
dwelling nouses in Ninth.
MARKET-ST. CORKER.
515,500— Market-st. corner, at Junction of
Church and Fourteenth sts.; 93 ft front-
age by 94 ft and 108 ft In depth.
NEW HAEai VIEW RESIDENCE.
H4.000 — Sonny side of street, with unobstructed
view of the bay, Alcatraz Island and
the Marin County hills; main floor beau-
tifully finished with hardwood floors; 7
bedrooms. 2 bathrooms, with porcelain
tubs; basement contains wlneroom.
storeroom and furnace; gas and electric
fixtures; house planned and built by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
RESIDENCE NEA3 GOLDEN GATE PARK.
J7260— Haight fit., near Broderick. north side;
contains 10 rooms and bath; fine view;-
house modern in every way; lot 27:6x
1C7:6 ft.
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 ft; good improvements; rent-
Ing for $225; for full particulars call at
office.
"WESTERX ADDITION ITLATS.
J700>— Clay st, near Baker; 2 modern flats, 6
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 ft front;
a rare chance.
PAGE ST. CORNER.
$18,000 — Sew flats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
good investment; 6 tenants In all; lot
27:£xll2:6 ft; rents are low and can be
increased.
SANSOSIE-ST. CORNEK-
$35,000— Two-etory building; rents $1U>; a fore-
closure sale.
VAX NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.
C53M — "Van Ness ave. residence; barsain; lot
alone Trorth the price; contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25x100
feet
STTTER-ST. FLATS.
$10,000 — Setter Et., north eide, near "Webster; 2
modern Cats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath;
lot 27:3x127:6 ft; very sunny; always
rented.
SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE 4 CO..
21S-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$700 CASH.
Balance S1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage; la the Mission ; Twenty-fourth-st. car
line.
12250.
Close to Sixth st; 2 houses; rents $24.
$4000.
Flats near Ninth St.; fine building; rents $44;
want offer.
53S00.
Jones-st Cats; rents $41; lot 45-foot frontage.
J4950.
Two modern flats: only half block from Mar-
ket St.; rents fiO; cost nearly $7500.
$6500.
Corner; marl tip view; splendid improvements;
rents $60.
ssooo.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room house
and lot.
£12,750. j
New Van JCess-ave. flats; rents $12S; a safe
bay.
$16,500.
Panhandle corner; 2 new bulldingE; rents
tli2; lot S7xll5 feet.
$15,000.
Leavenworth-st investment; 57-foot front;
rents J10S; always rented. ,
$19,500.
Modern Improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
tarn
$23,500.
Polk-st business property; in best block;
annual rent* $1650.
tss.coo.
Mission 6t. near Fourth; splendid brick struc-
ture; elevator; good high basement; rent $250;
one tenant
$40,000.
Eutter-st corner; east of Jones; stores and
lodging-houses; SO-foot frontage.
$55,000.
EUls-st- income property; 100- foot frontage;
rents about $5CG0 per annum.
Market Et., near Taylor; 50-foot; eplendid
building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery et, S. F. '
FOLSOM ST..
Bet-ween Third and Fourth; lot £OxS0; store and
rooms above; rent $23; price $3200.
SHIPLET-ST. LOT.
Xear Fifth st; with old house; price only
flfiB,
CLATTOK-ST. HOME.
Modern 8-room house; offered $40 rent; price
$5000.
HOWARD-ST. FLATS.
Near Twelfth st; new; plumbing, etc., . in
good condition; rented $E3 monthly; price $7000;
offer wanted.
MISSION HOME.
On Hancock et-. near Noe; 9 rooms and bath;
price $3000.
A BIG CORNER.
Centrally located in the Mission; a transfer
corner on Mission st ; must be sold ; price
(40.000; an offer wanted.
A CHEAP LOT.
On Clay st. Presidio Heights; cheapest lot
In the district; price only $1500.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Fine lots at the corner of Scott and McAllis-
ter sta.; each 27:6x137:6; splendid location for
Cats; price $3250 each.
RENT $40-PRICE $4500.
Three fiats near Buchanan Et; 5 rooms and
bath each; very low rent
IN THE PANHANDLE1
Three fine new modern flats of 7 rooms each;
rent $102 50; price $10,500.
VALLEJO ST.
Splendid modern residence of 9 rooms; finely
finished throughout ; with uninterrupted marine
view; price $12,500.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st. S. F.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January. 1858.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
626 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
Eddy st.. Inside of Hyde;, large roomlng-
BOttse; steady Income; 25x137:6; $16,009 asked.
513,509— Large residence on the Geary st. hill,
inside of Octavla; 18 rooms; sun on all eldes ;
large lot .
$7000— Eats 6t.. near Gough; 7 rooms and
bath; a very cheap lroide home; lot 25x120 to
rear street.
'• Only $4500— Sunny side Nineteenth st. near
Valencia; 8 rooms; rents $25; lot 25xS5.
$3800— Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
ets.; store and flats; rents $36; only $3500.
S2S0O— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
et.; rents $340 per year.
$5000— A nice sunny home; north line Bush st.
near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x137:6.
$2750— McAllister et.. near Parker ave : 7
rooms and bath; 25x95.
$2800— Mission home. Collinrwood st. near
Nineteenth; cottage and large lot 55x125.'
$2750— Sanchez et.. NW. corner Jersey; cottage
cf 4 rooms; lot 23x100.
$4000— Valencia st.. near Twenty-fifth; partly
improved; 26x20 to an alley.
$6500— Seventeenth et., near Dolores- four
flats; rents W. lot 26:6x57:6; offered low to
force sale. MADISON & EURKE,
J 626 Market st
ONLY THREE LEFT! ONLT THREE LEFT!
Tea will not have another chance like this'
to buy a lot on Folsom street on $10 monthly
payments; the lots are level, cars pass in
front and cement sidewalks are laid} out of
the winds and fogs. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14
Post street
WHAT BETTER CAN YOU DO ' ~
Than to buy and pay for with your rent
money that substantially built cottage of 6
rooms and bath on California avenue, halt
a block from Mission and 29th streets; all
modern and new, and out of wind and fogs.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Et
4. 6 AND 6. room cottages In ail parts of the
city, on easy monthly payments.
Fine building lots on $5 monthly Install-
ments. , \u25a0 A t
2 lots for $100 on $5 monthly payments, near
Mission st.
OSCAR HEYMAN, II Post Et.
$2738— HOUSE in Western Addition; 6 rooms
, and bath; rented for $17 per month: good ln-
vestment. THE McCARTHY CO., 646 Market,
BARGAIN— N. W. cor. lot Twenty-fourth and
Fair Oaks sts. D. A. CURTIN. Mills bldg.
MISSION-ST. lots at bargain; terms and easy
payments. Apply BABIN. 413 Kearny st
RE AIi ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
LYON & HOAG, * . . :
lit Montgomery st. ,\u25a0
$9.500— Handsome up-to-date flats on Broderlck
et.; contain 7 rooms, bath and all con-
veniences: total rents, $S7 SO; close to
Panhandle. .
$6,250 — Good 2-story residence with 7 rooms and
.bath; nearly new; fine location, in Pre-
sidio Heights district; key lot.
$20,000— A large corner lot, 57:6xS7:6; close to
town, east of Jones, not far from Post;
with good house of 12 rooms and bath;
splendid location for hotel.
$1,500— Rent $42; two fine modern flats, 5 and
6 rooms, bath, eta, each; in splendid
repair; always rented; large lot 25x114;
worth more.
$3,250— Easy terms; a brand-new 2-story house,
containing 6 rooms and bath and fin-
ished basement; all rooms handsomely
decorated and < tinted; fine mantels; re-
versible window sashes; lot 25x120 ft.:
best house in Sunset district, south of
Golden Gate Park.
$21,000— Corner lot, 50x75 ft. ; practically Mar-
ket-st. frontage; near junction of Mar-
ket and Gough; Improvements are stores
and flats; pays bank interest now;
splendid future.
$8,250— Mission St., near Sixteenth; a 3-story
building, containing a store and' 2 flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; also 2 rooms
in rear of store; rents $60; foreclosure
sale; must be sold at once.
$23,500— Choice business property within 3
blocks of City Hall; a large corner lot.
05x95. with improvements in splendid
repair, consisting of 3- stores and flats
above; always rented for $200.
$8,000— Howard St., near 24th; a double house
of 7 rooms and bath each; rents $45;
lot 60x122; 30 feet of lot unimproved;
foreclosure sale; must be sold at once.
$10,000— Jones bt., close to Sutter; lot almost
34 feet front, with old improvements;
we have a tenant for a lodging-house
on this lot, who will pay rent yielding
12 per cent on the Investment.
$6,250^-Business corner on Sacramento St.; a 3-
story building: containing- a store and 3
flats; total rents, $56.
$12,000 — Page St., close to Park; 3 handsome
new flats, containing 7 rooms and bath
1 , each; total rents, $112 50; key lot;
commanding abundance of light and
sun.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
F. B. SURRYHNB.
Real Estate Ajrent.
138 Montgomery st.
$16,500.
Three beautiful modern flats, containing 7
and 8 rooms and bath; renting for $147 50 per
month; McAllister Bt. : lot 25x137:8.
$9500. REDUCED FROM $11,000.
Buchanan st., near Golden Gate ave.; three
fine modern flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $70 per month; lot 31x96; will submit
an, offer
BARGAIN ON POST ST.. NEAR LAGUNA.
$5250 — Fine two-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; easily converted Into
three flats at small outlay; lot 27x137:6; owner
a non-resident and has instructed me to sell;
will submit an offer; key at office.
$S00, REDUCED FROM $1000.
Alabama st. ; two fiats; rents $14; lot 24x50.
BARGAIN LOT ON GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$850— Sold to close an estate; lot 25x100.
BEAUTIFUL HOME NEAR THE PARK.
$7000 — Masonic ave., near the Park; modern
•up-to-date residence of 9 rooms and bath: lot
25xS7:6. I
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CHEAP RESIDENCE.
$5500— Clay st, near Central ave.; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x105; will submit an offer. .
GEART ST. CHEAP CORNER.
$11.000 — Want an offer; northeast corner of
Geary and Stelner sts.; residence of 10 rooms
and bath; lot 45x75; overlooks Hamilton Square.
BUSH ST. CHEAP FLATS.
$6000— Two nice flats, a and 6 rooms: reata
$47 50; lot 25x110.
DOWNTOWN BARGAIN. '
$3000— Close to Sutter and Franklin sts.; two
flats; rents J28.
SWELL FLATS NEAR THE PARK.
$6000— Near Haight and Ashpury sts.; two
beautiful modern flats of 7 and 8 rooms and
bath; rents $52 50: lot 25x120.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market st.
$15,000— Substantial NE. corner in the Western
Addition, with stores and flats; renting for
$120 per month; lot 34:7x100 feet*
114.000 — Four modern flats on Fell st.. near
Buchanan; containing 7 and 8 rooms and bath;
always refited; on the sunny side of the street;
rents for $102 50 per month.
$9000— North line of Washington street, near
Mason: house with IS rooms and 2 baths; iot
S0xl37:6 feet. I
$7500 — Three modern flats on Sanchez st., near
Sixteenth; lot 25x100 feet; always rented; rents
for 160 50 ?er month.
S6OUO— Four choice flats on Capp st.. near
Twenty- fourth; rent $58 per month; lot 32:6x
115 feet.
55000— North side of Herman st., near Fill-
more; two 5-room houses, fronting on Her-
man st. asd one on Germanla st; lot 25x12);
rents $40 ser month.
$4500 — Clay st.. near Webster; house of 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet. • • •
$3250— Two nice flats on Clara St., near Sixth;
rents $2S per month.
; $3000— Choice cottage on Shotwell st. ; 5 rooms
: and bath; lot 25x115 feet to rear street.
$1650 — 3-room cottage in the Mission; rented
at present for $12 per month.
$2000 each— Four choice lots on Green st, near
Webster; each 25xl27:8',i feet.
$1000— Choice lot on Fourteenth St., near
Castro; lot 25x115 feet.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOT &.
SONXTAG.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $900 — Bargains In "Sunset" lots; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
$100 to $300— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$75. $100 to $250— Unexcelled bargains; near
Misslon-st. cars; $5 monthly.
$400 to $800— Cheapest and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000. J1300 to $3000— Splendid cottages Rich-
mond. SunT^and Mission; easy terms.
$3000— Choice corner In Mission; great bar-'
gain; 50x100. with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
54 Chronicle building.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6500— Good investment; O'Farrell st. to rear
street near Laguna; rents $50; steady renting
property.
$4250 — Lot north side Page st.. near Baker;
30x137:6; overlooking park; choice for home or
flats.
$5000— Corner Page and Laguna sts.; 35x100;
fine location for home or fiats.
Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco sts.; 13 min-
utes from our ofnee; superb view of bay cor-
ner; 35x112; $3300; inside lots, $1750. " I
$3000— Lot on south side of Chestnut St., west
of Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$6500— Lot NW. Hyde and Filbert sts.; G0xl37;
fine site for building with every room sunny;
good view south; also bay view from upper ;
floor. t
$3000— Lot SE. Larkin and Filbert sts. ; 41x62;
choice site for, home or flats; view of bay.
HAWKS A'SKELTON. 323 Montgomery at.
A— DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the income; location In the Mission or
Western Addition; property must be In good
condition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN
530 Calltornia Et. \u25a0
MODERN built residence, wanted to purchase;
In the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
"WANTED— To purchase a property on Valencia,
Mission or Howard sts. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for immediate .buyers. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st.
JACOB HEYMAN CO. i ~~
Our 5-room house on 23d st., near Douglass,
Heyman tract, is ready for inspection (Mr. J.
Cotter, 113 Hoffman ave., is our resident agent),
which you can buy with your rent money that
you are wasting away; interest decreases down
to 10 cents monthly.
Two-story house with lot 60x120; fronting the
Ocean boulevard; 2 blocks from electric sta-
tion; easy terms. ' •
$650 — 4-room carhouse with lot 25x120; $23
down, $5 monthly; 47th ave. and J st., near
ocean beach.
W. JF. AMBROSE & CO.. — — —
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
Rooms 41-42. Chronicle building.
25x100; cheapest corner in the Western Addi-
tion; Baker st.. near Golden Gate Park.
50x90; Thirteenth st.. near Market; will sub-
divide.
25x122:6 each; cheap lots on Folsom st., near
Seventeenth.
52x152; a snap; cheapest corner in the Rich-
mond district; must be sold.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
41 and 42. Chronicle building.
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, south line Union st. : 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
PJcrce ets., 103:8x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHAREES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery Et.
$4500— A LOVELY chance for a home and
business; lot 25x100; building. 2 stories, 25x70;
saloon and barber shop; -all fixtures go; 6 liv-
ing rooms, F. J. DECK. 927 Market st,
room 208. .
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st. -
$3000— NEARLY new cottage of <. rooms: laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass st, near 21st.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, five rooms,
. bath; terms same as rent 3252 Mission st
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire €60 Mission.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKIAND REAL E STATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
$22,000— "Beautiful for situation." possessing
advantages of near remoteness and accessible
seclusion; a' palatial home, only 1 year con-
structed; cost $25,CC0; a golden opportunity.
$5500— Unreasonable, but cost $12.0C0; extra
construction; 10-room modern h^me; corner;
professional location. " '"*
$2600— Center-Et. station; modern 7-room home;
cost $3500; estate must sell at once. . '
$15C0— Telegraph ave.; cozy 4-room; bath; 33x
125.
$1250— Mortga?e $)C0; Thirteer.th-ave. station:
cozy 5 rooms; bath.
$6000—15 acres fronting San Leandro road;
a special acreage bargain; fine speculation.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WHY PAY RENT?
WHY PAY RENT?
"WHY PAY RENT?
$250 Cash, $40 Month.
For Telegraph-ave: residences; new; latest
architecture; S rooms; porcelain bath; 2 lava-
tories; sideboards: -mantels; beautiful neigh-
borhood; at special p'rices; owner forcing quick
sale.
See us at once; special bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$250 CASH. $6 monthly: Iot 43 40-100x403 feet:
grand chicken run; 3-room cottage"; chicken-
house, sheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electric
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story
public grammar school; soil, climate and
view the very best; no fogs nor cold winds
here; price, all told, $675; call or send for
circular. 455 7th St., opposite Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner. "
$500 CASH, $8 50 monthly— 5-room cottage and
high basement; water in house, barn, shed,,
fine nursery adjoining; lot 62x340 feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electric car line
and 2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine
public school; grand view; well sheltered and
level; fronting on main county road; adjoin-
ing East Oakland: price all told. $1600. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., oppo-
site Broadway Station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, land owner. .
A CHANCE for speculators or contractors;
9.35 acres for sale near Telegraph ave. : nicely
located for subdividing Into lots; see map:
get particulars. R. J. MONTGOMERY. 11
Montgomery St.. S. F.. or A. J. SNYDER &
CO., 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
FINE modern residence, 14 large rooms; 2 bath-
rooms, servants* , basement: hot water fur-
nace; stable for 4 horses; half a block of mag-
nificent garden; grand view; ideal place for
children or, Invalid: 40 minutes from S. F. :
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused;
sold on account of change of residence. Ap-
ply premises, southeast corner Sixth ave. and
Twentieth St.. East Oakland.
$2250— LOT 30x100; 8 rooms; high basement; fine
location; near Seventeenth and West streets;
a bargain. Address box 2328, Call office. Oak-
land.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
i $15 — COTTAGE; 5 rooms: near town.
$18 — Cottage: 8 rooms; near local.
$22 50— Cottage; 6 rooms; near cars.
$23 50— Cottage; 6, rooms; near Telegraph ave.
$12— Cottage; 6 rooms; Adeline street.
$20— Brand new; 7 rooms; In Piedmont. '
$10— Cottage; 5 rooms; on West street.
$23 — 7 rooms; newly papered; 622 17th st.
$27— Modern flat; 6 rooms; near trains.
$45— Modern flat; 10 rooms; Telegraph ave.
We have others. Get list.
* GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND LODGIXG-HOLSES.
LODGING-HOUSE right In town; 25 rooms:
rent $35; a side business to go with it: to be
sold on account of sickness; a bargain; price
$S00; no agents. Box 2336, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKJ'^f.f^*
fTfth, 253— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three. $14; three. $16; also single. $4, $5 and up.
GEARY, 1812^—3 comfortably furnished rooms
for housekeeping; no children; rent. $15.
I GEARY. 1225— Large elegant bay-window, fur-
! nished or not; other rooms; housekeeping.
| GOUGH. 115— Sunny modern bay window par-
lors; gas range; phone; bath; gas; $14 to $20.
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny:
gas. bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
GROVE, 130S— Two large, sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting furnished
housekeeping rooms; running water; electric
light.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front parlor suite and front
j sunny alcove, 3 rooms. $25; large room, $12.
I LARKIN, 8I9Vi— Sunny front alcove rooms: light
i housekeeping: gas stove: bath; $16 50; phone.
1 MCALLISTER. 320— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
I nicely furnished; very central.
j MINNA, 454—2 furnished rear rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable.
I NOE. 175 — One or two nicely furnished sunny
j rooms for housekeeping.
' POLK 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
1 furnished for housekeeping; cheap: reference.
j POWELL. 710— Three very sunny connecting
I rooms complete housekeeping; run. water; $18.
; SACRAMENTO. 1631, near Polk— 2 or i rooms;
i partly lurnlshed.
' SUTTER. 42S— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping. - ,
TAYLOR, 108— Changed hands; housekeeping
I and other rooms. $2 week up. •
THREE rooms: singly or for housekeeping:
fur." or unfur.; refs. exchanged. Box 906. Call.
TO let— 3 large furnished rooms; also single
: rooms and housekeeping • rooms. j 257 Steven-
I ' son St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
! TO LET — Desirable furnished suite: housekeep-
I ing; references required. S47 Golden Gate ave.
TWO large sunny rooms, well 'furnished with
elegant new furniture, mantels, piano, side-
board, etc.; bath and phone In hall; for
light housekeeping-, to careful parties with
i references. 343) Nineteenth st.. cor. San
j Carlos ave.; reasonable rent to perm, tenants.
i VAN NESS ave.'. 415 — Sunny furnished rooms
j for housekeeping or otherwise.
! WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping;
i beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory;
; hot and cold water: bath: gas; grate: marine
view: sunny bedroom; private; $15 for 2; $18
for 3.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at gall branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Val«>pHa Ft. V \u25a0
! 7- , \u25a0'
[ ROOMS TO LET— -Farn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 123 Mason st., 2 sunny rooms; furnished or
unfurnished.
AT Shasta- House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
I clean and chtap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
I BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
j nished mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
I BUSH. 727— Unfurnished ; furnished room for
| gentleman; gas; bath.
j CAPP. 1050— Nice furnished room; private
family. - \u25a0
! CITY HALL ave., 83— Clean, quiet rooms; also
j parlor suite for offices; reasonable'. ,
CLAUGHTON. THE, 1111 Gutter St.—
Bright, clean rooms for quiet gentlemen, $1 75
per week; handsome front suite, moderate.
CLAY. 1443 — One or more rooms; well furnished
modern flat; desirable locality; private family]
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1705— Sunny neatly furnished
room, $4 per month.
HIGHTH, 126B— Top floor; one furnished room-
i private family; $5.
; KUGENE. 265 0'Farrell— New hcuse, fireproof-
i ii»w furniture: electric elevator; 2i private
i Mill.- with bath: baths free: first-class
ELLIS. 606— Nice sunny rooms; suitable lor one
j or two"jrentlemen.
EVELYN. 208 Powell st.-^Handsome • sunny
rooms? single or en suite; first floor; gas-
phone; running water, etc. *
GEAKY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single: travelers accommodated.
HARRISON, im't. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms, bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week ud. . . -\u25a0 \u25a0 .. . . -.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
•St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class-
50c per day and upward; special rates by th«
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk' st.
NELSON. JOHN SOtf & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills bldg.
I i — — - : " "'
ELEGANT HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE. .
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER,
$1000 CASH.- BALANCE 6 PER CENT.
$7,000— Handsome, attractive home 6 rooms and
bath, servants' room, high basement;
cost $7500 four months ago; north side
Haight St., near Pierce; lot 25x110. j
ONLY $4000 CASH.
$1000 PROFIT IN 90 DAYS.
TWO ELEGANT RESIDENCES.
$10,000— $6000 bank mortgage can remain, 6 per
cent; reduced from $12,500; cost $16,000;
12 rooms and bath each, including bil-
liard room, laundry, wine room, etc.;
elegant, modern, up-to-date; lot 35:Cxl2o
ft.; choicest part of Western Addition.
$2500 CASH. BALANCE 6 PER CENT.
$7,500— Three elegant corner flats, plate glass
doors, porcelain bath, tiled mantels,
' etc. ; improvements cost more than price
. asked; block north of Market st.
THREE FLATS— $1500— SACRIFICE
TO MAKE SALE THIS WEEK.
$5,500-$2750 cash; rents $600; pays 15V4 per cent
after taxes and Interest paid; 3 hand-
some well-built flats of 5 rooms and
I bath; 28 ft. frontage; bitumen street;
. best part Mission warm belt.
BIG SNAP.
BUSH ST.. NEAR MASON. $7000 CASH.
RENTS $1717.
$15,000— Three new elegant modern flats of 7.
8 8 rooms and bath; handsome and at-
tractive round bay windows, etc; o
minutes' walk Market and Kearny sts.;
nothing finer in the city; grand view.
NEW
OCTAVIA-ST. FLATS. .
$14,500-Rents $1400; 3 beautiful flats 7, 7, 8
rooms; tiled bathrooms, electric lights,
marble steps, tiled vestibule, etc.; north
Jefferson square. ' •
PACIFIC-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. •"
$3,250— Rents $408; mortgage $2150, can remain;
store and 3 rooms and bath and flat ot
5 rooms and bath; near Hyde st. —
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO-
SOS Montgomery s^ Opp. Mills bld«.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. ~~~7.
Seventh Floor. Crocker Building.
$700 Cash, balance $2300 6 per cent bank
mortgage; lot 32x125. with 5-room cottage;
Valencia St., So feet south of 26th; busi-
ness locality. This property is easily
worth $4000. .' '
$500— Lots 25x110; Sanchez st, near Hancock:
and 18th; streets finished; terms to suit
purchaser.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY-
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY—For Sale
BARGAINS IN COUNTRY PROPERTY.
*»00— 58 acres near Bahr station, Napa Coun-
ty; 5-room house, barn, chicken sheds;
20 acres cleared; small orchard; plenty
wood and water.-
$900—160 acres in the hills 6 miles west of
Ukiah; house and barn; 10 acres for
grain; plenty of wood and water; stock
and poultry ranch".
$1,300—80 acres; 25 acres cleared; 7 acres or-
chard and vineyard be"aring; balance in
oak timber and redwood; includes per-
sonal property, tools, implements, 8 tons
hay, 14 hogs, fine cow, horse and wagon,
poultry, etc.; house 5 rooms; barn; lo-
cated 15tmlles from Ukiah.
$1,200—160 acres 10 miles from Willlts on river;
about 30 acres rich bottom land; family
orchard; balance pine, fir, redwood and
pasture; 6-room house; barn; large
spring running water; fine fishing and
hunting; 10 hives of bees; estimated 150
cords tanbark oak.
$2,250 — 700 acres stock ranch in the hills 10
miles from Ukiah; Includes horses, 12
cattle. 50 hogs, poultry, wagons anfl Im-
plements; house, barn; plenty wood and
water. '
$2,750 — 11 '/2 acres near Martinez. Contra Costa
County; all in full bearing vineyard but
about one acre In fruit; good house 6
rooms; barn, toolhouse, 2 horses, cow,
all farm tools, wagon, cart, harness; all
in good order; $1500 cash, balance can
.. remain.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California St.
REDWOOD, pine and tan oak timber lands in
lots to suit at from $5 to $8 per acre. ROTH-
ERMELL & MERRELL, 507 California st.
A RANCH of 1 acre; a ranch of 10,000 acres, or
any .size between those figures, in all the
counties of California, can be provided for
you by the undersigned.
Houses and lots in San Francisco. Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda to exchange for coun-
try property.
SPECIAL— 32-acre farm, nicely improved,
with good 9-room hard finished house; also a
cottage, barn, etc.. several acres in fruit and
only hi mile from the city of Sonoma; must be
sold on account of death of owner.
J. H. GILMORE,
323 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
$4000—126% ACRES near Healdsburg; 40 acres
finest bottom land; 20 acres full bearing vine-
yard; 2'/2 acres orchard; remainder hill, fine-
ly timbered; house,- barn, chicken houses,
fruits; never falling stream. J. T. PETERS,
11 Montgomery st. \u25a0-
SANTA Clara Valley— Rich, fertile land; depot
on the ranch; famous orchard and vineyard
soil; great live oaks; reduced to $100 an" acre;
$14 14 monthly will buy 10 acres on new coast
road; a colony' of good people farming; some
good bargains in small homes and choice
orchards near San Joee: don't let this go by;
call or write. WOOSTER. "WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market st., and San Jose.
SAN Mateo— A snap at Redwood City adjoin-
ing town; large oaks; fertile land; one-
third price; 20 acres or more; call or -write.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
634 Market St., or San Jose. • • "'
CONTRA Costa County— 145 acres; good farm-
ing land; orchard; vineyard; • fair improve-
ments: plenty of spring water; only $4000.
BELMONT — Good — * Improvements; ideal
summer home; $2200. WOOSTER. WHIT-
TON & MONTGOMERY, 634 Market st.
$12,5C0— ONE of the best offerings ever made;
240 acres of rich land; a modern house; hot
' and cold water; over 80 acres In apples ana
apricots; 6 head horses; wagon, buggy and
carriage horses, chickens, cows and all house-
hold furniture; only 6 miles out and one mile
from railroad station; only \' 2 cash: balance
long time. R. P. QUINN, real estate, Wat-
sonvillcfc Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to. $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and information. ,
$6500—20 ACRES rich land: all in new town and
bellflower apples; neat cottage and large barn;
only 3 miles out and in one of the best locali-
ties in the valley; easy terms. R. P. QUINN,
real estate, Watsonvllle, Cal., or room 25,
Chroni>:le building.
FOR bargains '.n timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
i A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
$1000—30 ACRES; Napa County; 5 acres fruit;
I new housfCstable and chicken, houses: plenty
water; easy terms. 410 Jersey st. ; evenings.
1200 ACRES in the foothills; fences; 4 barns;
substantial rpsldence; 30 acres in fruit. GEO.
W. GIBBS & CO.. 25 and 27 Fremont et.
FOR sale-^25 acres good apple land for sale
close to city market; $200 per acre; one-fourth
cash. Box 1131, Call office.
8 ACRES suitable for chicken ranch: J2C00: %
cash, balance on time. Box 1131. Call office.
'U. S. HOMESTEAD lands free. Ad. with stamp
or call 6 to 7 p. m. at 1563 7th St.. Oakland.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE— SAJiTA CRUZ.
33 ACRES rich level land; creek; will trade for
S. F. property or cattle ranch ; ranches for
rent or sale. HAMMER & TOWNE. Santa
Cruz. Cal. \u25a0\u25a0
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— A beautiful home in San Jose
for Income San "Francisco property; place
contains about 3 apres full-bearing orchard,
all varieties fruit: an elegant 8-room house
with large basement; fine well, windmill and
tank; flowers and lawn; modern Improve-
ments; worthy investigation; good Income
property. Box 1153. Call office.
$3000— FRUIT farm, "20 acres, 1 mile from Vaca-
vllle, with house and barn; exchange for
Alameda or Oakland house.
, .$4500 — 12 acres bearing orchard, -with house
and barn, 3',i miles from San Jose, to ex-
change for city or Oakland property of same
value clear. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
B07 California st. - -\u25a0
HAVE fine Eastern resort, fully equipped,
value about $30,000; also choice Chicago in-
come, to exchange for good California Im-
proved. What have you to offer? Box 1164,
Call office. ,
WILL exchange for Oakland, town, country or
city unimproved property; 2 new flats, just
built; rents $25; price $1500 above mortgage of
$2200. W. t B. BEEL.. 142 Crocker building.
FOR exchange for homestead lots in Alameda
Co., half blocks frontage, all ready to build;
cheap. Apply to FELIX MARCUSE, 118
Montsomery st., S. F. .\u25a0 ' .
WILL exchange elegant home and grounds In
Los. Angeles for San Francisco, suburban or
country property. ANDREW WILSON 1710
Market st. .
ELEGANT city flats for Oakland or Alameda
property. J. W. CAMPBELL, 3019 California
gt., San Francisco.The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours :
• Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours, Season. Seas-on.
Eureka 0.00 \ 4.^9 2.65
Red Bluff 0.00 1.93 2.09
Sacramento 0.00 . 0.56 0.68
San Francisco 0.00 0.62 1.14
Fresno 0.00 0.57 0.43
Independence 0.00 0.77 0.83
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 • 0.23 1.31
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 Trace
San Diego 0.00 J 0.06 . 0.08
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
91; minimum, 62; mean, 76.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. C4-52: Cincinnati, 78-66; Washington,
76-54; Jacksonville, 80-68: New York. 72-58;
Kansas City, 66-52; Omaha. 68-44; Salt Lake
City, 64-44; Duluth, 46-44; Chicago, 74-52; St.
Louis, SO-58: Philadelphia, 72-58.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 12—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Bank Clearings.
-Local bank clearings during the past week
were $23,704,7S9, against $23,158,180 during the
Fame week last year. ' •
THE COAST RECORD.
Continued on Page Thitty-Two.
Poultry and Game.
! Receipts of Game were 59 sacks and only
good sound stock brought the quotations.
• Poultry . was nominal, as. usual on Saturday.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ' endlns to-day
Loans, $870,900,700; decrease, $2,677,700
\u25a0 Deposits, $942,688,900; decrease. $861,200
Circulation, $30,983,800; increase, $365,700
Legal tenders, $70,653,700;. decrease. $440,200
Specie, $182,501,900; increase, $2,147,300. •
Reserves, $253,155,400; Increase, $1,707,000
Reserve requirements, $233,672,225; decrease,
$216,605.
Surplus, $ 17. 483, 175 ; decrease, $1, 923, 150.
The - Financier says: The statement was
again made on rising averages for cash, "as has
been the case in recent weeks. 'The sub-treas
ury paid $409,000 on Friday for- Yukon gold and
there were other payments by this office which
materially added to the banks' cash at the end
of the week. More Yukon gold in now In pro
cess of transfer hither from the Pacific Coast
This will be received In the current week and
there are about $G00.C0O of maturing bonds
which have been accepted by the Secretary of
the Treasury, which bonds, will- arrive on the
Incoming steamers. It would seem probable
therefore that the banks will begin the new
week with a supply-.' of cash considerably
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— v D;c. , March.
Opening. 57 S 8%
Closing ..' 5 7 5 8?»
PARIS. : . .
—Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr
Opening - 20 so a 7--.
Closing 20 70 21 70
Flour— '. ' ' ' • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '
Opening <\u25a0 ...26 70 27 8.1 -.
Closing . ..." 2660 27 75'
Eastern , Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— CATTLE^-Recetpts, 2300,
Including 400 Texans. Good J to prime steers,
$3 05ig£ 85; poor to medium. $3 5W55 90; stockers
and feeders, $3@4 30; cows; $1 25@4; heifers,
$2iS5; canners, J125@2 25;.. bulls, $1 75ft4 75:
calves, J3(S6 25; Texas steers. J2 9O@3 85; West
ern, $3 C5@5 50. • • \u25a0 ; : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
. HOGS— Receipts to-day. 8000; Monday, 24.0C0.
Packers slow, others strong to 5c higher. Mixed
and butchers, J6@6 40; good to choice heavy,
$6 30®6 65: rough heavy, J5 80@6 15; bulk of
sales. $5 SOffTG 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. * 6000. • Slow and - steady at
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. P%c; -AstraL Wy-c
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 23'.ic; Elaine, 24',£e-
RICE— China, No. 2, $1 13iff4 21; No. 1, $1 T0@
4 SO; extra, $5 10® 5 50: Japanese, S5 "o@6; Louis
iana. $4 25.U6 75; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS-California Castor Oil, in cases. No. l,
7Cc; pure. Jl 23; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
74c; raw. 72c: cases. 5c more; Lucoi. S-!c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c: cases. 00c;
China Nut. C3<972c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. Me:
Whale Oil. natural white. 4tKg 15c per g-illor.;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 371ic: cases. 42'^c; Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels. 63V~c for Ceylon and 5S^c for
Australian.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass. 7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@33c. Fleece Twine. 7%'SSc; Fruit Bags, 5-\»
6Hc for cotton and 7g7*,ic for Jute.
COAL— Wellington. }3 per ton: EouthfleM
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 5>".; Coca
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Wallsend.
J9; Cumberland. ?12 50 in bulk ant! $13 75 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15: Can
nel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per SOCO lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
brand
General Merchandise.
The Potato market is still weak and dull.
There are some poor Salinas Burbanka on the
market and the quotation is lower. There, is
nothing new in Sweet Potatoes or Onions.
Changes in Vegetables were slight.
POTATOES— 60$f90c in sacks for Burbanka
from the river: ' Salinas Burbanks. $iai 30-
Rlver Reds, Jl 50®l 60; • Sweets. 37»/-i-tf40c tor
Rivers and 75® 85c for Merced. - .
ONIONS— $l@l 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
73c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 1©2%c for Gar
den; String Beans, 2®3c: Llraas, 3@3Hc; Cab
bage. 60@75c per ctl: Tomatoes from the river
; from Alameda. 23® JOc; Dried Peppers, 10©
12%c, Green Okra. 60@S5c per box; Carrots' 23fi
35c per sack: Cucumbers. 30@»0c; Pickles. 'zv,®
3c per lb for small and ltJIUc for large; Garlic
2@2V>c: Green Peppers, 35<fZ50c per box for Chile
and 35®50c for Bell; Egg Plant. 35@80c per box-
Green Corn. 40@30c per sack; Alameda. 50@75c
per crate; Berkeley. 50(@75c: Summer Squash
Sa^Mc; Marrowfat Squash, $6@8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash. . . /
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14S21V>c; dai
ries, 13© 19c. Cheese, steady. . 9%@lO%c. Eggs
firm; fresh, 17%c. \u25a0 '
' Articles— ' '.'Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,000 31,000
Wheat, bushels ...165,000 33,000
Corn, bushels :...283.00u t'jLOOO
Oats, bushels 247,000 165,000
Rye. bushels 7,000
Barley, • bushels ...\u25a0> 48,000 7,000
Beans continue unsettled and very irregular
and prices are bobbing about more or less, as
will be seen. The feeling is steady in Plnk3
and Blackeye ' and weak in the white descrip
tions- "
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 SI: Small White.
$3 40!?J3 50; Large White, $2 25®2 45; Pea, $3<fM;
Pink, $2 40@2 55; Red. : Blackeye, $3 25<&s
3 60; Limas. $4 50@5: Red Kidney, $3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3©3T5O; Yellow
Mustard. $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 65#3 25: Canary.
3Vi@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Kape.
lV»iftl*ic; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@1 ,90; Green. $1 73
@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
LAMB— «:$»Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 23) lbs and under. 6c: over
230 lbs, 3%'ffoTic: feeders, , — : sows. 20 per
cent off; bears, 30 per cent off, ami Etag3, 4>*
per cent off from the above quotations; dresse
llcgs. 7%<g9a
Quotations remain undisturbed. . ."
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6tH6%c for Steers and 3®;!ic per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%ig3%c: small. 8<J3e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6 l ,ii97c; Ewes. iQi^c per
pound. *
San Francisco Meat Market.
Cash quotations were as follows:. Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 4O®3 50; straights.
$2 90i?i3 30; clears, $2 60Q3; spring specials, $4;
patents, $3 25@3 55; straights, $2 70«?3 10; No. 3
spring wheat. 67%@68c; No. 2 red, 7OV4@71c; No.
2 oats, 36c; No. 2 white. 88igS8%c; No. 3 white,
87>4@38c; No. 2 rye, 55%iS?56%c: fair to choice
malting barley, 55@57 1 /sc; No, 1 flax seed, $1 4S(&>
149; No.' 1 Northwestern, $152; mess' pork, per
bbl, $H@14 05; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 42%@9 45;
shert-rib sides (loose), $8 25@8 40; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short-clear sides
<boxed). $8 80(g8 90; whisky, basis. of high wines,
$.130; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Hay continues in light receipt and very firm
at the recent advance. Dealers say. however,
that the flrmnes3 is temporary and fictitious
and chiefly due to the scarcity of cars on both
of the large overland lines. A few days ago
the Southern Pac. fie refused to allow any of
its cars to be loaded with Hay and on the
luth the Santa Fa followed suit, issuing an
order receiving no Hay between 'San Francisco
and Stockton for ten days from that date.
Dealers sav thst there is plenty of Hay In
the country, but under these conditions it is
impossible to get it in, hence the firmness of
the market. The same scarcity o£ cars was
observed last year."
Feedstuffs continue unchanged.
BitAN— UOfyW M per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50(i?2J 00 rer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 41S@:7 p*r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $J7@.M; Jobbing.
$28 50@i9: Cocoanut Cake, $20® Jl: Corn Meal.
$34@o4 50; Cracked Corn, $34 50(&3o; Mixed Feed.
$18#19.
HAY— Wheat. $S®11; Choice, $1130- Wheat
and Oat. $7 50@10 53: Oat. $S@10; Barley and
Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa. $S@10 5a; Clover, J3 50Q7;
Volunteer $5^8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— »<%45e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff.-:.
Articles — • \u25a0 Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 68%
December 69% 70% 69% 70&
May 73',4 74 73V4 . 73%
• Corn No. 2 — . s • - :\u25a0
October 35V4 55% 55Vs oaU
December 563J 67% 56'^ \u25a0 56«/,
May 5.SV4 69 58ft 5S',i
Oats No. 2—
October 34H 34«4 34 34^a
December 35-% 35Vi 35 l ,i ZhV*
May 37% 37% .37% 37&
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 13 95
January 15 10 15 30 15 10 15 20
May ....." 15 20 15 35 15 20 15 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 9 45 9 45 \u25a0 9 42% \u25a0 9 42V4
January 9 00 9 10 9 00 9 074
May 9 00 9 10 9 00 9 07Vi
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 8 37V4 8 37% 8 20 . - . 8 32%
January 7 90 8 00 7 87% 7 »7%
May :..... 7 97% 8 10 7 97% 8 05
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9 ! £c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; SalteU
Kii\ 9'/2c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, 10'^
lOV-c; Dry Hides, 18i&16Vic: Culls. He; Dry Kip,
16c"; Dry Calf. ISc; Culla and Brands.-, lie.
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15«i30c each; short Wool.
40Q6Oc each; medium, 50373c; long Wool, 90c£j)
$110 each: Horse HiJe3, salt. $2 50S2 73 for
large and J2@2 25 for medium. $1 75 for small
and iOc for Colts; Horse Hides,, dry, Jl 75 for
large, $1 25S1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 10c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras.
75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 3oc.
TALLOW— Refined, 6^c; No. I rendered. 5^
5',ic per lb; No. 2. 4{?4Vic: grease. 3c.
• WOOL— Spring. 1SC0 or 1301— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley fine. li^>
ISc; do. medium and coarse. ll(JJ13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, Iigi3c; do, fair to good. 9t?
lie; Nevada. 10«Z12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6Ug8Hc; San Joaquia
Lambs'. 7Vj(?9c; Middle County. S®10c: North
ern Mountain, free. 9-gllc: do. defective. SJjJc:
Humboldt and Mendoc:no. Il#l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9i310c for fair and ll(gl4c per lb for
good to choice.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
FLOUR-California Family Extras. $3 25(3
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15® 3 23^
Oregon. $2 D0@j-?5 per barrel for family and
\'i 73$3 fur bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, J3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 SO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 U5;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
4*4 25; • Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
$3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). JS tSQS 33;
in sacks. $6 5Q(gS; Pearl Barley. $5; Split .Peas,
ti; Green Peas, {6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One hair- barrel. IO^c; thre3
half-barrels. lO^c; one tierce, 1014c; two tierces,
lCc; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
The Chicago market was firmer again. This
market stood the same as before. It is not aa
firm as It has been.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12Uc per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. Higll^c; California
Hams. 13%c: Mess Beef. Jll per barrel; extra.
SI ess, $12; Family. J12.30; Prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mesa. $19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7$s<3Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
12»ic; 10-lb tins. ll*i.c; 5-lb tin. 12"Jc; 3-lb tino.
ISC.
Provisions.
New York Stock Market.
KEW TORK. Oct. 12.— The cause of the re
lapse of prices in to-day's stock market was
not altogether clear, but the same was true
of the sudden advance of yesterday and the
day before. ' Distrust of that movement and in
credulity as to the rumors which were set
afloat to account for It because of some intrin
sic grounds of improbability seemed to be the
reason for to-day's reaction. The same bro
kers, commonly supposed to act for the same
large Standard, Morgan. Harriman and Gould
interests, were active In buying and. bidding up
stocks ' to-day, as they were yesterday. St.
Paul was especially lifted again and again
by main force to 167, but the last price was
164%, only a shade above the lowest, the course
of that stock forming an epitome of the whole
market:' The Central and Southern transcon
tinental stocks were nearest to it In point of
activity, but the advance showed a tendency to
spread beyond yesterday's narrower limits un
til the enormous realizing forcing prices back.
Prices generally show losses on the day run
ning from 1 to 1% in the leaders and from that
up to 3% in St. Paul and, the local traction
stocks, which were notably weak throughout.
The decreased loan item of the banks failed
to show the full effect of the repayment dur
ing the week of some $15,003,000 of New York
City revenue warrants and the supposition
was. therefore, made that foreign bankers con
tinue their borrowing In the local market to
repay foreign borrowings. The disturbance in
the Paris money markets points to the likeli
hood of a continuance of this process. The mar
ket closed weak at the lowest.
There has been some upward action in the
stock market during the week following: the
rather prolonged period of depression. The
presence of liquidation was distinctly relaxed
during the early days of the week, but there
was manifest hesitation about taking up the
movement for an advance, and even the un
covered bears were not 'apparently in great
haste to cover their short contracts. For sev
eral days the market waverod before a pro
nounced advance drove the bears to cover. The
opposing arguments of the speculative element
now represent the belief on the one hand that
the depression In the stock market has had
no other cause than the depletion of money
supplies by the autumn requirements, and on
the other hand the apprehension that the last
great cycle of prosperity has reached Its crest,
with a prospect of gradual decline and shrink
age of business and earnings to be faced. The
first named element are confident that the sea
son's interior requirements for money are
about satisfied, or that the banks are in pos
session of sufficient resources at present to
meet the demands without forcing further li
quidation In the stock -market. It is urgued
that surplus reserves cf the banks now are
$17,483,175, compared with $4,463,920 at this time
last year, and $1,177,350 in 1S90. The move
ment of currency to the interior last year after
this, date amounted to $13,8)2,000, and termin
ated In the last week of October. In 1S99 the
movement continued into the third week in
November, but the amount moved after this
\u25a0date was only $ll,58"i,G00. Last year, however,
there was a free movement of jrold from Lon
don during October. This year there is no pres
ent prospect of such a movement. The cotton
crop has been very slow in moving and this
may involve a considerable further demand for
currency from the South, with the possibility
of a resulting pressure upon the exchange mar
ket that may bring gold. Nothing in the re
cent markets has po clearly demonstrated the
extent to which cnpltal was embarked in the
enterprices of the boom period of this year as
the recent, course of the foreign exchange mar
ket. The employment of hundreds of millions
of dollars by capitalists and syndicates In the
furtherance of community of "Interest projects
among the railroads and in the formation of the
United States Steel Corporatfon was well known
to the public, and there were self-congratula
tions upon the unruffled composure of our
money market under the unprecedented de
mands put upon it. The summer's events in
dicate that not only our own money market,
but those of pretty much the whole world be
sides, were drawn upon to provide the credits
for the gigantic undertakings of American syn
dicates. These foreign borrowings have ap
parently involved the sale of bankers', exchange
bills of distant maturities, which were left un
covered; . relying upon the autumn outward
movement of merchandise to replenish the sup
ply of exchange and enable them to cover. The
belated movement of cotton, the decreased corn
export and the .falling oft in manufactured pro
ducts, especially Iron and copper, have kept
down the supply of exchange and have made
this repayment of foreign loans especially effec
tive In sustaining the exchange market and
keeping it away from the gold import • point.
Moreover, the repayment of these foreign loans
has been followed to a large extent by rebor
rowing in this market, so that the loan account
of the* New Tork banks has been maintained In
spite of the extensive liquidation In the stock
market. These are symptoms of the extensive
taking, up of capital not to* be Ignored, and
they bring forward the problem of how far the
year's great financial projects will warrant the
sanguine expectations of them during the spec
ulative excitement of .last year.' The panic In
May caused by the Northern Pacific corner and
the assasFlnation of President McKinley upset
the calculations of these promoters and their
original prosperous efforts to dfcstrlbute tho
crop of securities which were issued to reim
burse the syndicates for their outlay and In
their elaborate plans for the recuperation of
the market to enable them to renew the process
of distribution. With th<» additional. . outlay
made necessary by the measures' for support
ing the. market, the coming of the autumn re
quirement for • money forced ' some retrench-
Provisions were higher, not so much from
any particular demand as from the cessation
ot the outside liquidation that has been de
pressing prices for over a week. January pork
closed 15(g;l7'/ic higher, lard l'Jc higher and riba
DUiU^c up.- - • •\u25a0 ~
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— At the outset the wheat
pit," fejt the deprefisins Influence of disappoint
ing cables. 'The advance "here" yesterday had
met with no response' and December opened
M<fi%c lower at 69%@Sdy s c. Offerings wera
liberal at the Etart, but the actual selling was
on a small scale and of a nature that indi
cated a desire on the :iart of the buyers to
depress the market wltli a view to buying in
again. Commission-houses began to buy and
a report of a good demand for the Southwest
and New .York broujrht an upshoot in prices
until December told at 70%c. Local tradsrs
also helped by considerable buying, but toward
the end ot tlje short session profit-taking eased
the \u25a0 market- and December closed steady, a
shade hither at 70(B70Uc.
Corn lost the greater part of the bullish in
fluence of the oJticial crop report which ad
vanced prices yesterday. Trade was dull and
offerings were rather liberal. December closed
weak. 94c lower, at 5tiVic. . \v .
\u25a0 December oats -were dull and narrow. The
close was a bliadc down nt 35Uc .
Chicago Grain Market.
Brokers report free purchases of Raisins by
the Eastern trade, who are taking advantage
oT the low opening prices. Fruits 6f all de
scriptions continue dull and more or less ca-y
FRUITS— Apricots. 7<S9c for Royals and Si*
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6-57C; sun-dried, ST-fii^c;
Peaches, 5<g7V2c; Pears, 4:§<3c; Plums, pitred,
3!it}5c; unpitted, 132c ; Nectarines, 3<g6c for
red and 5%@6%c for white: Figs. 3V*S?iic for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, SUSa^c; 40-50's, 4}i'35c: 50-60's, Vi<®
4Vic; 60-70*3. 3%@4c: 70-80" s, 3',4@3!4c; S0-9O's.'2*.
©3c; 90-100's, 2»4 ! g2 t £c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box>: Clusters-
Imperial. J3; I>ehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75. Lon
don layers — Three-crown, Jl 35; Two-crown,
$1 2S. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4?ic; Three-crown. 4Vsc; Two
crown. 3%c: Seedless Muscatels. 4 1 < 1 c; Seed
less Sultanas. 5*,ic; Thompson Seedless. B'.c.
Bleached aultanas^ — Fancy. &lic; choice, 7'je;
standard, 6^-c: prime, 5}jc. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie: fancy, 10c; choice, a.;;
standard. 7!^c: prime. 6',2C.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. Dt-tc; No 2
7'sc: No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds.
lSiiUc lor papershell. lOgilc Tor softshell ana
5® 6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12^12'ic; Filbert*, tftjliftc; Pe
cans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts. $J oujjo.
HONEY — Comb. 12gl2Hc for l.riclit and 10®
HVic for light amber: water white extracted,
S@6c; light amber extracted, 4&5c; dark, 4o.
UEESWAX— 2i«j2Sc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm and
Paris futures weak. Australian shipments for
the week were 80,000 bushels, against 392,000 for
the same week last year. *The French crop la
now estimated at 304,21O,CCO " bushels, against
326.CS2.CCO in 19C0.
Chicago opened, weak on disappointing cables,
but later turned strong, with New York and
St. Lculs buying freely. The market Improved
under the buying of the leaders. Receipts were
light and- diminishing. Duluth shorts covered
and the speculative feeling was bullish. Th<»
foreign demand, however, showed no Increase
nor any signs of Increasing. Minneapolis
stocks increased 1,320.350 bushels for the week.
This market was dull, with a further weak
ness in, futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 93®3CVic; milling, 3S%c
(&tl «% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES/
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session^— May— 4CW) ctls, $1 02tj.
Regular Morning Session — December- — 1C00 ctls
S7c; l^.OWJ, i7iic ' . " .
BAULK V— 'I here is nothing new to report,
the market being dull. \u25a0\u25a0
'Feed, 72V& l &73*«c tor I choice bright, 70@71V«c
lor No. 1 and 67^ic for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 77H@S2 1 ,2c; Chevalier, 95c^f>
;l to rer ell.
CALL BOAKD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No 'sales.
Second Session — No' sales.
Kegular Morning Ses&ion — No sales.
OAiS — Yesteiday was Saturday and to-mor
row will be collection day. This" combination
was too much lor the market, which waa
quoted stagnant.
Grays. $1 10I&1 20; whites. $1 10(gl 30; black.
ilUl 15, and red. $1 05®l ?0 per ctl.
CORN— The Chicago market was weaker and
featureless and th.s market was dull and. un
changed.
fc.as>iein is quoted to arrive In bulk at Jl 62%
for White, Jl &2'.s for Yellow and ?1 57V6®1 t>o
lor mixed.
RYE— "J@77Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none In first hands.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — Jl 84 1 ,i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6* k
Sterling Cables — 4 S7%
New \ork Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07*^
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 — 47^.
The area of high pressure oft the northwest
ern coast on Saturday is -now well over Mon
tana and moving rapidly eastward. The pres
cure is falling steadily along the entire coast
and conditions are such that a disturbance
may move in rapidly.
The temperature continued high In the great
valleys of California and also in Oregon. The
weather Is excellent for raisin making, maxi
mum temperatures of 94 degrees being reported
at many points.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Pctober 13. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, becoming
cloudy at night, not so warm; light northerly
winds in the Interior; fresh westerly windb on
the coast.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, becoming
cloudy at night; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday, continued warm; light
northeast , winds. . • -
San Francisco and vicinity— Probably fair
Sunday, becoming cloudy in the afternoon, not
so warm; light northerly winds, changing to
fresh westerly. ALExANDER Hj^jv*
Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITION AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The usual trading on Saturday prevailed In
evaporated apples to-day and values were with
out change. State, common to good, f.igSc;
prime, S'/ic; choice, 9c; fancy, S»i4@3Vic. -
California dried fruits were dull and un
changed. . \u25a0
PRUNES— 3%®7c.
' -APRICOTS— Koyal. 8^1^136; Moorpark. S^12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, -life 18c; unpeeled, tH**Vic
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
2S.5S4 barrels; exports, 8262. Unsettled and firm,,
but not quotably higher. Winter patents, $3 50
@3 80;. winter straights, $3 "ofj'i 40; Minnesota
1 patents, $3 56@3 SO; winter extras, $2 5O@2 80;
Minnesota bakers', $2 S5(g3 15; winter low
grades, $2 30(g2 40. -
WHEAT— Heceipts, 71,600 bushels: \u25a0 exports.
72, COO. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 76Tic f. o. b.
afloat and 73%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du-
Muth, 77V6c f. ( o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
SI 54c f. o...b. \u25a0'arfoat. Options opened easy with
I cables, but rallied on a scare ot shorts and
1 were very firm most of the forenoon on smaller
.Northwest receipts, foreign buying and scant
Lcffcrings. Closed firm, V4@Hc net advance.
EMay, 78%&79 7-16c, closed 7» 3-16c.
r HQPS— Steady. State, common to choice, 1501
1 crop, 12<Lil5Vfec; 1S00 crop, 9<&14c: 1893 crop, 6@
lie; Pacific Coast, 1901 crop, 12@15%c; 1900 crop,
t><ai4c; 1S99 crop, 6@llc.
j HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to. 25 pounds,
19HC.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 25@26c;
Texas. lCS17c. \u25a0 \u25a0
COFFKK— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 5%
<g6c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7V4@llc. Futures
closed with a net advance or 10@15 poinu.
Total sales, 52,250 bags, including! October,
$5 2505 30; November, to 30@5 3>; December.
?3 40^3 40; February, $3 65; March, $o 70@5 80;
May, $5 80<S5 So; July. J6 05; September, $ti 15.
SL'yAR— Steady. Fair refining, 3 5-16c; cen
trilugal, 86 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c; re
fined, steady; No. 6, 4.50c; No. 7, 4.40c; No. 8,
4.30c; No. 9. 4.25c; No. 10, 4.10c; No. 11. 4.13c;
No. 12, 4.15c; No. 13. 4.05c; No. 14. 4.95c; stand
ard A, 4.90c; confectioners" A, 4.90c; mold A.
5.45c; cut loaf, 5.60c; crushed, &60c; powdered,
5.20c; granulated, 5.10c-; cubes, o.33c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3173 packages. Steady.
State dairy, 14iSj20c: creamery. 15@17c; Jun3
creamery, 17<fi21c; lactory. 12V4@13c.
. EGGS — Receipts. C>95 packages. Steady. West
ern, candled, 21tJ21V4c; uncandlcd. 17@21c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 12— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
53<?tC3\2C; bluestem. 54',4c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. # 12.-WHEAT-lc higher. Blue
stem, 54&C; club, 53V2C.
Northern Wheat Market.
balances, $S9,371.
Portland's Business.
New York Grain and Produce.
a s g a ™ y
\u25a0 3 9SS£*j \u25a0& I
STATIONS. 3 | 3 1 3 So 5
'• : : • • 9
Astoria .30.16 92 54 E Clear .00
L'aktr SO. 32 68 38 N Clear M
Carson 30.22 72 SP SE Clear .00
Rureka 30.00 76 54 Clear .00
FTesr.o 29.94 64 60 NW Clear .00
Flagxtaff 30.0G 70 30 : SE Clear .00
Pocatello, Idaho. ..30.00 62 62 W Clear .00
Independence ..30.00 82 56 N Clear .00
LosAnreles 29.94 78 64 W Clear .00
1'hoenlx.... 29. S4 96 56 W Clear .00
Portland 30.18 78 62 NE Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.96 94 68 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.00 74 68 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 23.96 92 62 S f Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.26 62' 44 W Clear .00
San Francisco 29.98 92 62 AV Clear .00
San Luis Obispo.. .30.00 90 48 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.92 64 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle .,..30.28 64 44 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.1S 66 86 N Pt Cldy .00
NeahBay 48 ;- .00
Walla. .Walla 30.34 74 44 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 30.02 70 3S SW Clear .00
Yuma ..29.82 96 58 NW Clear .00
GKAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and -crates,
which are quoted r*s follows: Swe?twater, 30®
50c per box and crute: Tokay. 43 / fI73e: Muscat,
4-n@I3c: Black. 40<6t»c: Isabella. 40@TGe; Corni
chon. 5037 Soc; Wine Grapes, $2S@33 per ton for
Zinfandel and $25@27 30 for White.
CITRL'S FRUITS-Oranges. 50c@$4; Lemons.
$1<$1 25 for common and $2®3 for good ta
cho-cc; Grape Fruit, $1@4: Mexican Limes,
fresh, $6 50@7 50; Bananas. 75c(&|l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 50@S5c per box; Canta
loupes. $l@l 25 per crate; Watermelons. $10??
23 per 100. . - ,
APPLES— T3c©Jl ?3 per box for good to cholcs
and 23SR5C for ordinary.
PLUMS — J0(JfS5c per box; Prunes. 75c(SU per
crate.
PEACHES— 35® GCc per box; Peaches In car
riers, 70@90c.
POlIEURANATES-^OfgToc per small box.
PEARS-Winter Pears, 50c@?l 25 per box.
QUINCES — lOigBOc per box.
PERSIMMONS— Jligl 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J6@7 per chast for Lcng
worths and »3@< for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-$3<i4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $3@« per chest.
KASPKF.RRIES— $1 iCWifi per box.
' HUCKLEBERRIES— 6-5 7c per lb >
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. ?9 30 per barrel;
Coos Bay. $2 3C@3 per box.
FIGS— 5Cc§$l. per box for Black and 353U0e
for white.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Business was brisk on the street yesterday.
Table Grapes were In light supply and owing
to the hot weather and the shipping demand
for the Victoria steamer good stock sold read
ily at an advance. The same may be saia
of Figs. Watermelons cleaned up at an ad
vance. There waa but one car on the market.
Good Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were
scarce and higher.
Receipts of Peaches were still light; they
are doing better. Some late Clings sold at $33
@40 a ton. New crop Grape Fruit is coming
in more freely and Is bringing the top quota
tion.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LONDON, Oct. 12. —Consols, 93»4; silver.
26%d; French rentes, ICOf 92^c; wheat cargoes
on passage, less offering; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 27s 9d; English country markets, quiet
and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 12.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 5s 9d(55s 9Vad; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
fine.
• COTTON— Uplands 4 13-16d.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Cotton closed steady,
5 to S points hisher.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Hops, Pacific Coast,
steady, £3 5s@£3 10c.
Anaconda. 7%; Atchison, SOTi: Atchlson pre
ferred, 99%; D. and R. O., 47 V4; D. and R. G.
preferred, !)6; Northern Pacilic preferred, 101;
Southern Pacific, 61; Union Pacilic. 103; Union
Pacific preferred, 91.
Bar sliver, quiet. L>6>»d per ounce.
Money, 1&@1!£ per cent. \
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was in the main
firm, but dealings wore limited in volume.
The American department hung close to par
ity. Altogether lHile was done, but the senti
ment was hopeful
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The imports of specie
this week were J66.151 gold and J133.779 sliver.
The exports of silver from this port to all
countries this week aggregated $581,470, and
$2000 gold.
The imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise at the port of New York for the
week were $10,337,370. -'
Exports and Imports.
EGGS— Ranch, 37 1 «'g40c for selected large. 35
@36c for good to choice and 32%@34c for fair;
store. 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21£2ic;
Eastern. 13Q24c.
Fancy Butter rules firm, and prices have,
again advanced. The medium and lower grades
are not as firm, as the upper.. There Is no
change In Cheese.
Eggs continue in the singular condition al
ready noted— an advancing market against the
sentiment of the majority of dealers, all of
whom claim that the advance is being over
done. Prices are going up all the same, how
ever. Stocks of fresh goods are light.
Receipts were 31,200 pounds of Butter. —
pounds of Eastern Butter. 4S3 cases of Eggs. 4C0
cases Eastern Eggs. 4300 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 2S@30c per lb for fancy
and 26@27»£c for seconds; dairy. lS@23c; storo
Butter. 15@17%c per lb: Creamery Tub. 22%c;
Pickled Roll. 19*3200; Keg. lS-SlDc per lb.
CHEESE— New. ll@12c; old. 10%c; Young
America, 12%o per lb; Eastern; 138.13c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW.TORK. Oct. 12— Trading Id the mar
ket for metals was of the usual Saturday half
holiday order and values did not vary from
yesterday's close.
TIN-Steady at J24. S0@24.90.
LEAD— Dull at $4.37V>.
COPPER— Steady; Lake, $16.75©17; casting,
J16.5C®16.62%. : >
SPELTER— Firm at J4.25@4.30.
.Domestic iron markets were steady, but dull.
Pig Iron warrants, J9.50@10.60: No. 1 North
ern foundry, J15@16: No. 2 foundry. Southern.
|14@15; No. 1 foundry. Southern. »14.50®15.50:
No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, $14.oO@16.
Nezv York Metal Market.
WASHINGTON.- Oct. 12. -To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance shows:
Available cash balance, fl65,S74.619; gold,
$100,334,426.
Condition of the Treasury.
£!^£ r . han , tnat f h . own b y the statement. The
payments of municipal taxes last week were
about twenty-five million dollars " and this
amount of tax warrants was at once liquidated.
Jif^^ 1 -! 111 ** e . 1 2 an ltem did * ot fuIl y re-
Beet this large liquidation would seem to show
that the greater part of the money released
through payment of the warrants was im
mediately reloaned. This would indicate a dis
position on the part- of the banks to expand
loans, which they would seem to be Justified in
doing, considering the comparatively larise
surplus reserve now being carried. It is note
worthy • that the scale of operations of the
sub-treasury last week resulted in a loss to
the banks of }2, 070, 700. These .excess receipts
over disbursements will doubtless increase,
tending ultimately to an Important decline of
bank reserves.. It Is unlikely, however, for
the reason above noted that this absorption of
surplus by the Treasury will have a deranging
effect on bank conditions in the near future. •
ment, which exposed some weak spots In the
market, especially among the minor industrials,' ;
which have notably affected the public confi
dence In securities. The future of the market
is by no means clear, although the usual up
ward reactions which are normal t<$ any de
cline in stocks are bound to occur. .
• Expert views on the outlook in the iron in- i
dustry are not at all sanguine. Present activ
ity of production is held to be due to making
up orders delayed by the steel strike and some
eagerness is shown to secure contracts run
ning into next year. A session of Congress is
a depressing influence by tradition upon the
stock market, especially where a revision ot
the revenue law is in contemplation. Specula- '
tive sentiment is therefore somewhat Hl-de
flned. I
Railroad bonds have been in better demand at
some advance In prices, . . "
United States new 4s advanced % per cent
over the closing call of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — " " •' Sales High Low Close
Atchlson 35,200 8l> 78>4 78Vi
Atchlson'pfd 4,600 97% ' 96% 96-*
Baltimore & Ohio 1,803 103 100& 100 i
Baltimore & Ohio pfd .... 93
Canadian Pacific 5,400 112 . HOV2 110%
Canada Southern .100 83%' 83V4 82Vi
Chesapeake & Ohio 900 45% 45% ia l J4 ,
Chicago & Alton 1.S00 38 37^ 37%
Chicago & Alton pfd 77
Chicago Ind & Louis.. 100 41% 41% iVA
Chicago Ind & L pfd. 300 72»i 72 71%
Chicago & East Illinois 12J
Chicago & Great West.. 800 .22% 22& 22">i
Chicago & G W A rW ,. 84
Chicago & G W B pfd. GOO 44% 44 44
Chicago & Northwestern 300 \M% 196% 195
Chicago R I & P 1,400 143% 142U, 142%
Chicago Term & Tran 400 21% 21 21 '
Chicago Term & T pfd. 300 S9>/ 2 38 39
CC C & St Louis 100 9714 97',4 97V4
Colorado Southern 200 13% 13% 13%
Colorado So 1st pfd 1,100 54 ',4 54% 54
Colorado So 2d pfd.... 100 24% 24% 24
Delaware & Hudson .... 700 16S 166 164
Delaware Lack & W , 223U ,
Denver & Rio Grande.. 100 45>4 43% 45'
Denver & R G pfd.... 300 92% 92^ 92
Erie 1.700 43% 41 41
Erie 1st pfd 1,700. 70% 69% 6S%
Erie 2d pfd 100 66 56 64
Great Northern pfd .... 1,900 194 193 191U
Hocking Valley 200 53Vi 53% 53
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 1,600 147 145% 146
Iowa Central i 900 \u25a0 41% 40 40%
Iowa Central pfd 300 78 77% 78
Lake. Erie & Western.. 3,800 71% 69 69
Lake Erie & West pfd' ., jog
Louisville & Nashville.. 2,100 1W% 103 10iV>.
Manhattan L 5,800 120% 119^4 119%
Metropolitan St Ry 12,300 159% 155% 158
Mexican Central 600 23%. 23V. "23%
Mexican National 29,200 15% 14% 15'
Minneapolis & St Louis ..... " .... .... j.06
Missouri Pacific 29,600 98% 95% 93V.
Missouri' Kansas & Tex 500 27 26>A ->6<i
Missouri Kan & T pfd. 400 52%* 52% 5"%
New Jersey Central .. i60 -
New York Central ....- 3,600 157% 156% • 156U.
Norfolk & Western .... 5,200 56 55% 'SoVi
Norfolk & West pfd ;.. 88 -
Northern Pacific pfd " 93".
Ontario & Western ' 1,300 34% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 1,500 146 143% 143%
Reading 6,400 4U£ 40% 40&
Reading 1st pfd 200 76*4 78% 7C\3
Reading 2d pfd 900 52% 51% 51 vT
St Louis & San Fran.. 300 42'A 42Vi 41t2
St Louis & S F 1st pfd .... ' "* 77^
St Louis & S F 2d pfd. 490 67% 67% 61
St Loul3 Southwestern. ..... .... 28
St Louis S W pfd 600 57% 57% ! S7Vi
|t Paul :-. 62.4*)0 167% 104 164%
Rt Paul pfd 400 183%. 187% 187^
Southern Pacific 81.600 60% 5 r j% Bs2
Southern Railway 4,000 33% 32% 32»4
Southern Railway pfd. 1.C00 , 8"i% S6% S6K
Texas & Pacific 1,300 41% 40% 40%
Toledo St Louis & W *' *iY?
Toledo St L & W pfd """' fSi?
Union Pacific 71.600 100% asxi qo
Union Pacinc pfd. 1.100 85% S8 is
Wabash 3,500 21% 19% 19?:
Wabash pfd 2.3no 3S% 3G% 36%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 100 18 is n't
Wheeling & L E pfd.. \u25a0 is
Wisconsin Central 200 21% 2Jii <>x
Wisconsin Central .pfd.. . 400 41% 41 " ii%
• Express Companies—
Adams '. .... .... LSI)
American : ...; " """- tio
United States .....:.....' 90
w «"» s a »-go :: :::; 160
MisrCPllaneoua—
Amalgamated Copper... 17,300 90 SS% S8%
Am Car & Foundry! 600 25% 23% '5%
Am Car & Foundry pfd go
American Linseed Oil "" 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45 .
Am Smelting & Ref...; 3,100 441,4 43V> 43'A
Am Sir.eH ft Ref pfd... 800 98 " 98 * 97%
Anaconda Mining Co... 100 36% 3SU 35%
Urooklyn Rar>id Transit 13,100 61% t 59U ~ 60%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... (Mi 93 -92% 92%
Consolidated Get ....... " 7(KT 218% 217 216'/-
Cont Tobacco pfd ..... .115*
General Electric 200 25S% "235 254%
Glucose Rusar .400 47% 4C% 4s'
Interratlcn3l Paper ... 3C0 23'~ 23% 2S%
International Paper pfd 7 la
International Power.... 2C0 S9% 89'/ 2 fS%
Laclede Gns \u25a0 \u25a0. 311;
National Biscuit 200 42" 42 42*
National I,»ad \u25a0 100 20% 2f)% 20
National S?!t \u25a0 100 S3 33 .32 .
National Salt pfd 100 63% G3% 63%
North American 1,000 9S 97 97
P.iciflf- Coast 300 65 65 % (54 >
Pacific Mfti! £00 44 43U 43%
People's Ga.-J 1,100 107 10.-.% 105*4
Pressed Steel Car 400 3% 33% 3S',i
Pressed Steel Car pfd 7S%
Pullman Paip.ce Car.... 216
Republic Steel 700 13% 151f 13
Republic Steel pfd 200 fi7 «« R6
Sugar 6.S00 119H 118 118
Tonnpspee Coal & Iron. TM 60% 60% 60%
Union Rac ft Paner Co. .... 15%
Union Brk & P Co pfd 70
UnltPd States Leather.. 300 12% 12% 12'v,
U S Leather r>fd 100 80% S0%- S0%
United States Rubber... l.CKX) 15% 15 14V-
U S Rubber pfd 50 "
United States Steel 11,900 43% 43 43
United States Steel pfd 5,900 94% 93% S4
\u25a0Western Union SO0 02% 91% 91%
Total sales 503,900
CLOSING KONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hocking Val 4%s..lO6
r«g ,.. 109 L & Nash uni 4s,. 101%
do coup 109 Mex Cent 4s S4
do 3s reg 107% do 1st inc 31%
do coup 108 Minn & Bt T^ 4s 103Vi
do new 4s reg 139 M K & T 4s 9S%
do coup .. ....139 do Ids 8O'.(.
do old 4s reg 112 N T Cent lsts...:..103»«
do coup 112 do ren 3%s 109
do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s..:i30Vi
do coup 107% North Pac 4a 101»-»
Atchlson gen 4s. ..103% do 3s 7254
do adj 4s 98 Norf & W con 4s..lO2'i
Bait & Ohio 4s 102 Reading gen 4s 9b'
do 3Hs 95Vi Rt L & I M con os.lloVi
do i-onv 4s 106 St L & S F 4s 95
Can South 2ds .:.107% St Louis S W lsts. 9S%
Cent of Ga 5s 104 flo 2ds 7«%
do 1st inc 72 S A & Ar Pass 4s. K6
Ches & Ohio 4%s..J09 South Pac 4s 92V<
Chi & Alton S'/is,. S4»i South Ry 5s li;i|
C B & Q new in.. .98 Tex & Pac lsts. ...119V
CM & St P it 4s. 110% Tol St L & W 4s.. 81V
C A N W con 7s. ..134% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & Pac 4s 106% do conv 4a .. 107'
C C C & St L g 4s. 104 Wabash lsts 119V»
Chi Term 4s :. 93% do 2ds no»I
Colo & South 4s... 87% do deb B .. 577*
D & R G 4s.... ...102% West Shore is.'.'.'.V.W*.
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S% Wheel & L E 4s 90
do gen 4s 8S Wis Cent 4s SlsU
Ft W & D O lsts. .103 ' 2
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief y>
Alice 45 Ontario 10 75
B recce 1 40 Ophlr g5
Brunswick Con ... 06 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 06lPotosl 03
Con Cal & Va lGOlSavaRe ' U 2
Deadwood Terra .. 50! Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver 1 £0 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 62 Standard 3 65
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ]Unfon Pacific 99
Call loans 3%©4 t ,i l West End 93
Time loans 4(g6 Westingh Elec ... 72 ,
Stock3 — Bonds — .
Atchison 78Vi N E O & Coke 5s.. 52%
do prefd 96% Mining shares—
Am Sugar US Adventure 21*4
Am Telephone 159'/s Bingham Mln Co.. 3l'
Boston & Albany. 257 Amalg Copper SS?4
DoHton Elevated... 168 Atlantic 351'
Boston & Maine... 193 Calumet & Hecla..6S0
Dominion Coal .... 46 Centennial 21%
do prefd .........116% Franklin 17ft
U S Steel 43 Humboldt •.;; ft
do prefd 93% Osceola ....,» .103%
! Fltchburg prefd ..142 Parrot 40
Gen Electric 254% Qulncy ; 163
Mex Cent 23% Santa Fe Copper.. C
N E G & Coke..... 5% Utah Mining 2t»A
Old Colony 2?)S% Winona •>}£
Old Dominion 28% Wolverines ........ 61 "
Rubber \u25a0 U% .. .
Weekly Ban
k Statement
A car of Eastern came In, making five for tb.9
week.
POULTRY— Live- Turkeys. ll®16c for Gobbler*
and 14g>16c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $150®
1 75; Goslings, tl 50@l 75; Ducks. $3@3 50 for old
and |3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters. $4§U SO; old Roosters, $3 CO® 4; Fry
ers. $3 25® i 50; Broilers, $3® 3 25 for large and
$2 50@2 75 for small ; Pigeons. |1 23 per dozen
for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare. $1; Rab
bits $1 SO for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Mal
lard' *>S6; Spri?. $2 50@3; Teal, $1 5O@2; Wid
geon $1 50; Small Ducks. SI 25: Black Jacks,
; English Snipe. : Gray Geese, %l 50.
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
70. Market nominal. Natives. $2 S0®6 60; Tex
ans and Westerns, $2 63®5 8ft; cows and heifers,,
$1 50@5 10; bulls and stags, $2@o; stackers and
feeders. $1 £0®4 30; yearlings, 12@4; veals. $3@6.
HOGS— Receipts, 43C4. Market strong to oc
higher. Pigs, steady; light and light mixed.
S5 60<fi6 25; medium and heavy, $6 15@S 40; pigs.
H 75@6 10; bulk of sales, $5 47%@6 10.
SHEEP-Recelpts. none. Lambs, $3 75@4 60;
sheep, $3@3 50; ewes, $2 75@3 15.
ST. JOSEPH.
Fridya's decline. Lambs, steady; good to choice
wethers, J3 50@3 90; fair to choice mixed. $3®
8 50;-Western sheep, J3@3 SO: native lambs, %Zty
5; Western lambs. $3 25@4 75.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SITN DAY, OCTOBER 1 3, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
31
BORN.
Continued From Page Thirty.
X/OWRT— In til* city. October 11, 130L to the
wife of Melville Lowry. a eon.
QUINLAN— In this city. October 8. 190L to the
wife of Richard D. Quinlan. a son.
6IEVER8— In this city. September 25. 130L to
the wife of Otto C. Sievers. a. son.
WEST— In this city, October 4. 1901. to the
wife of John P. West, a eon.
MABBIED.
DONOHUE— 6PRIDG ENS— In Oakland. Octo-
ber 9. 190L by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle.
Frank D. Donohue and Jennie L. Sprldgens,
both of San Francisco.
ERWALD— TEACHOUT— In this city. October
12,-1901. by the Rev. George W, B«atty. John
0. Erwald and Cora Teachout, both of Ban
Francisco.
EVENS— STOBO— In this city. October U. 1901.
by the Rev. Arthur H. Briggs. pastor of
. Central M. E. Church. Harvey A. Evens
and Alice M. Stobo. bcth of San. Francisco.
GLENN— PING— In Oakland, October 9. 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle. Frank Trimble
Glenn and Virginia Ping, both of San Fran-
cisco. .... - , .
JOHNSON— SMITH— In this city, October 10.
190L by the Rev. George W. Beatty, George
E. Johnson and Gertrude G. Smith, both of
6an Francisco.
SIEG — ANDERSON— In this city. October 12.
1*01. by the Rev. George W. Beattv. Jacob
Sleg and Lizzie Anderson, both of San Fran-
cis CO.
DIED.
Altschul. Ludwlg Landresse. Clerc de,
Anderson, Capt. P. A. Henri Jr.
Brienoll, John Littler. George A.
Buckley. Cornelius Murphy. Mary
Cameron. J. H. McClane. Matilda J.
Citron, Aznalia McDonald. Bernard
Connelly. Frank • Mallon. Catherine
Demartini, Millie Mauran. Annie S.
Descalso. Luca O'Connor, Patrick
Drinan. T. F. Ragglo. David A.
Duff. Edna L. Reincke. Fred L.
Els. Hlldearard Rice. George W.
KetLthereton. Mary Stone. Frances E.
Fogg. Mary C. Sucich. Andrina
Francis. Herbert E. Swift. Charles J.
Frost. Ellen Thall. Mark M.
Gough. J. H. Tresarrieu. Idalie H.
Hammond. Josepb H. Vidaver. Rosie
Jacobs, Mary E. Wlckstrom. Chaa. A.
Kohl Meyer. Charles Zuern, Matbilde
Krukau. Nicholas J.
UX.TSCHCI»-In this city, Ludwig AlUcnuL a
native of Austria.
E7 Funeral notice later.
ANDERSON— In this city, October 12. 1901,
Captain Peter A., beloved husband of Hilda
Anderson, father of A. C. Anderson, Mrs.
1. L. Peterson and Mrs. F. Til ton. and
srandfa-tner ot Mrs. H. Aid is and W. J.
Sevan, a. native of Kalmar. Sweden, aged 73
years 5 months and 11 days.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
tne California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
TO officers and members cf the Scandinavian
Society— Tou are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late member. Captain Peter
Anderson, to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock,
from tho parlors of the California Undertak-
ing Companv. 405 Powell street, near Poet.
By order of " GUSTAF MAGNUSSON.
President.
CARL A. HAGSTROM. Rec. Sec.
BRIGXOIiI- In this city. October 12, 1901,
John, dearlv beloved pon of the late Antonio
and Annie BrignolL stepson of Katie Brig-
noli, brother of Thomas, Theresa and Katie
Brignoll. and nephew of William Paganinl.
a. native of San Francisco, aged 10 years 9
raonthe and 12 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Mo"r.day), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his uncle, William Paganini. 2702 Mission
street, near Twenty-third. Interment Holy
Cros-s Cemetery-
BUCKLEY— At Hot Springe. Ark., October 5,
19CL Cornelius, beloved brother of James
Buckley and Sifter Ann Josephine of Notre
Dame Collere, Marjsvllle. a native of Ag-
hlna. County Cork. Ireland.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-merrow
• Monday), at 8:43 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. c". O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn r^quleni high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. cominencinK at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMERON— In this city, Wednesday, October
a, li-oi. J. H. Cameron, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4<; years.
E^- Remains at the undertaking: parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
CITRON— In this city, October 12, 19CL Aim-
lia Citron, beloved daughter of Mrs. R. Cit-
ron and the late M. L. Citron, a native of
. California.
CONNELLY— In this city, October 15. 190L
Frank, beloved son of John and the late
Annie Connelly, and brother of John H. Con-
nelly and Mrs. Jof»ei>h O'Brien, a native of
Ssn Francisco, aged 29 years 5 months and
7 days. - -
C?"Frien3s and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\u25a0< Monday), at 19 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. £2 Jeseie street, thence \u25a0 to St. Pat-
-ricic's Church for servicee at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
DEMAJiTINI— In this city, October 9, 1901.
Millie Demartini. dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. Man- Perazzi and of the late Joseph
Ijemartinl, sister of Adelaide and Alfred
IVmartini. and stepdaughter of Victor Pe-
razzi, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
years 4 months and 1 day.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 23 Landers street, between - Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, Dolores and Church.
Interment New Italian Cemetery.
I5ESCALSO— In this city, October 1L 1301.
Luca. beloved husband of the late Mary
Descalso, and loving lather of Luke M. and
Jair.es R. Dencalso, Mrs. T. Bolder and the
late Peter C. Descalso. a native of Genoa,
Italy, aeed 77 years 9 months and 1 day. A
member of the Society of California Pioneers.
DRINAN— In Jackson. Amador County. Cal..
October 12. 1901. T. F. Drinan. beloved hus-
band of Mrs. Grace Drinan. and brother of
of J. G. and George Dnnan and Mrs. M.
Wilmott, a native of California, aged 26
years and 2 months.
DUFF— In this city, October 12. 1901, Edna
Louisa Duff, dearly beloved and only daugh-
ter of Edward E. and Isabella Duff, grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Duff and
Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Stanwood. and great-
pranddauKhter of Mrs. Louisa. anA the late
Jphn Duff, a native cf San Francisco, axed
5 years.
BIS— In this city. October 3, 1901, Hildegard
Eis, beloved wife of Martin Eis. mother of '
Florence and Walter Eis, and daughter of
Edward ani Bertha Leeders, a native of
Ereslau, Germany, aged 26 years 4 months
and 51 days. •
CTFriends and acQuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H P. Potersen. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FEATHERSTON — In this city. October 12,
1501 at her residence, 1RCS Jones street, \u25a0 Mary.
widow of the late James FeatherKton. and
beloved mother of John N. and Lillian G.
Fcatherston and Mrs. J. V. Kimball.
C7 Funeral and interment pri\'ate.
rOOG-Jamet L., beloved husband of Mary C.
Fogg a native of Maine, aged 65 years 10
months and 2 days.
C^Frlenfls and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Monday),
at 3 o'clock, from his late residence. 770
Thirteenth street. Interment private.
FRANCIS— At rest. Drowned at Vallejo. Oc-
tober 10. 1901. Herbert E. L. Francis, be-
loved and younzest son of James E. and
Lydla Ann Francis, and brother of Eugene
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flanrmgan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FOTIUL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
6an Mate© County.
OFFICE 9IG MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn McGINN BROS
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmere
21 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 2.'2. San Francisco
No Onngction With Hmm'
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 23 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. 1
rCKEBiL DIRECTORS AND EKBALKER3. 1
FiTi«*ft Equipment at Moderate Rates. \u25a0
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bras., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor pnd Jones. Telephone South 678.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuil UcFadden, 18 yean manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
UcErearty. with the came company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Connor
6 Co.. have opened new Funeral Parlors at
11T1 Mission rtreet, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMA TION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos avc, S. P., Cal.
Tho ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August. 1K0L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing lese harmful to the living than the
ash#« of th«lr dead.
Permits to cremate will be lsraed by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R, FLETCHER. Manager*
Francis of Alameda, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 18 years S months and 10 days. >
FROST-In this city. October .IV- 1S0L Ellen
Frost, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
GOUGH— In this city, October 10, 1901, J. H.
Gough. a native of California, aged 45 years
and 6 months. • \u25a0 • •
CTRemainB at tho undertaking parlors of
.Charles J. B. Metxler, 636 Washington street.
HAMMOND— In this city. October 12. 1901.
Joseph H.. nusband of Laura S.- Ham-
mond, and father of Etta E. Hammond and
Mrs. Laura H. Price, a native of Portland,
Me., aged 62 years 1 month and 1 day.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JACOBS— In this cltr. October 12, 1901, Mary
' E. Jacobs, dearly beloved wife of Elbe Ja-
1 cobs, loving mother of Mary E. Jacobs, and
sister of Henry J. Tweedy, a native of Sa-
lem, Mass.. aged 42 years 7 months and 12
days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the tuneral
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1521 fatock-
ton street, between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KOHL MEYER— In East Oakland. October
10, 1901. Charles F., husband of Johanna O.
Kohl Meyer, father of Henry A. and Charles
F. W. Kohl Meyer, and eon of Johanna Kohl
Meyer of Norwalk. Ohio, a native of Nor-
•walk, Ohio, aged 38 years. (Prince Edward
Island. Norwalk. Ohio, and Boston, Mass..
papers please copy.)
CTFtlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 980 East Twenty-eighth street, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twenty-first avenues.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
KRUKAU— In this city, Nicholas Jullua Kru-
kau. beloved husband of the late Sarah Kru-
kau. and father of William J. and Nicholas
j. Krukau, Mrs. L. Hunt and the late Mrs.
W. E. Clifford, a native of Denmark, aged
C3 years 9 months and 25 days.
JE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 15. at 1:30 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, under the auspices of U. A.
O. D.. Templar Grove No. 19. Interment
Cyprefs Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of Craig & Cochran Company.
LANDRESSE, CLERC DE— In this city, Octo-
ber 9. 1601, Henri Jr.. beloved husband of
Therese Clerc de Landresse. father of
Charles, Clarence, Emll, Henri and Anita
Clerc de Landresse. son of Henri Clerc de
Landresse, and brother of Charles P., Louis
M. and Adele M. Clerc de Landresse, a na-
tive of California, aged 40 years 7 months
and 15 days. (French papers please copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Buhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth streets, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth and Ala-
bama streets, for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LITTLER-In this city. October 11. 1901. George
A. Littler, beloved husband of. Blanche H.
Littler, and father of Leontlne A. Littler, a
native of Liverpool, England, aged 32 years
11 months and 12 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. - Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 530, National Union
—All members of the above council are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
friend. Georre A. Littler, to-day (Sunday),
at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
McCLANE— In Berkeley. October 12,. 1901. Ma-
tilda J.. daughter of the late W. S. Mc-
Clane. a native of Callfomla.
McDONALD— In Oakland, October 10. 1901,
Bernard A., beloved brother of Joseph B.,
Martin and John of California, James T.
T. and JoseDh A. McDonald and Mrs. Mar-
garet Hannlne of Prince Edward Island, a
native of Prince Edward Island, aeed 37
years 4 months and 24 days.
Cj^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, frpm the funeral
parlors of James L. McCarthy, 12 San Pablo
avenue, thencs to St. Francis de Sales
Church. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MALLON— In this city. October 12, 1901, Cath-
erine, relict of the late O. Mallon. and
mother of Thomas J. and James P. Mallon.
a native of County Meath. Ireland, aged 70
jears 6 months and 4 days.
MURPHY— In this city, at her late residence,
2631 Nineteenth street, Mary, beloved wife of
John D. Murphy, loving mother of Josle and
Lizzie Murphy. John J. London, Mrs. J. P.
Dempsey and Mrs. J. C. Lawrence, sister of
Mrs. Elizabeth Broderlck and the late Pat-
rick O'Connor, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, ased 57 years.
MAURAN- In Los Angeles, October 1, 190L
Annie S. Mauran. beloved wife of Joseph R.
Mauran. •
O'CONNOR— In this city, October 12, 1901, Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
O'Connor (nee Lawler), and beloved brother
of Mrs. Julia Healey, Mrs. John Murphy and
Mrs. Elizabeth Broderick. a native of Tralee,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 64 years.
(Washington, D. C and Rio Vista, Cal.,
papers please- copy.)
fC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3J3 Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a -solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GENTLEMEN'S Sodality of St. Ignatius
'Church— "The HouEe Office" will be recited
Sunday evening for the repose of the soul of
our departed brother. Patrick O'Connor, as
per above notice. By order
• JAMES R. KELLEY. Prefect.
RAGGIO— In this city. October 12. 1901. David
A., beloved husband of Rose Ragglo, father
of Joseph, Dozolina, Clorlnda and David
i Raggio, and brother of Thomas Ragglo of
' Boston. Mass., Mrs. Julius Raggio and Mrs.
A. Cavasmaro. a native of Italy, ased 58
rears 10 months and 12 days.
REINCKE— la this city, October 11, 1901, Fred
L. Reincke. dearly beloved husband of Julia
Reincke. belox-ed ton of W. H. and Mary
Edmondson. and dear brother of Lucie- M.
Reincke, a native of Alameda, Cal., aged
' 21 years 11 months and 29 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
\u25a0 fully Invited to attend .the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 661 Lombard street. Interment Mount
i Olivet Cemetery-
COURT DEFIANCE No. 23. Foresters of
America— The members are requested to as-
semble at £61 Lombard street, to-day (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock, to pay the last honors to
our departed brother, Fred Reincke.
HENRY J. SIERCK, Chief Ranger.
Attest: AARON WASCH. Secretary.
RICE— In this city. October 12, 1901, George
W— beloved son of Sarah Rice, and brother
of W. F., B. F., C. A., R. B. and M. E.
Rice and Mrs. M. J. Allen, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 39 years 11 months and 19 days.
STONK— In this city, October 11. 1901. Fran-
ces Eliia. dearly beloved mother of Laura
F. Stone and Fannie Bell Hudnall. a native
of St. Louis, Mo., aged 83 years 2 months
and 2 days.
K? Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2:30 .o'clock, at St. John's Presbyterian
Church, coruer California and Octavia.
streets. Interment private.
SUCICH— September 19, *1501, Andrina Sucich,
mother of John Sucich of Alameda and Mrs.
\u25a0 Ellen Jancovlch of San Francisco.
SWIFT— In tblx city, October 11, 1901, Charles
Joseph, beloved child of Charles and Annie
Swift, a native of California, aged 1 year
and C days.
THALL— In this city. October 12. 1901. Mark
Montgomery Thall. beloved father or Ella
Avis and Charles M. Thall, son of Henry H.
and the late EUse Thall, and brother of
Sam and Fred Thall and Mrc. Herrman. a
native of Montgomery, Ala., aged 43 years..
(New York napere please copy.)
tETThe funeral services will take place
Tuesday, October 13, at 9:15 o'clock, at 353
Geary street, thence to Elks' Hall. 223 Sut-
ter street, where the services will be held,
under the auspi-^s of San Francisco Lodge
N-e. 3. B. P. O. Elks, at 10 o'clock. Remains
can be seen Sunday evening and thereafter
at VS. Geary street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 otclock train
. from Third and Townsend streets.
TRKSARRIEU— In this city, October 11, 1901.
Idalie H. Trcsirrieu. beloved wife of J. B.
Trtsarrieu, mother of Mrs. J. Larraburn and
Miss Loui?e V. Tresarrieu, and sister of
Mrs. J. Fabre. a native of France, aged 48
years.
ITUTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock from her late resi-
dence. 119 Duncan street.
VIDAVER— In this city. October 12, 1901, Rosie
Vidaver, beloved daughter of the late Joseph
Rosenthal and Rebecca Rosenthal. mother of
Mattie and Rubin Vidaver. and sister of S.
VL Gruman. a native of San Francisco, aged
12 yearn. (Chicago papers please cony.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WICKSTROM— In this city, October 1L 1901.
Charles Au*aist WIckBtrom. husband of Lls-
ctte Wickmtrom, and father of Godfrled and
Lilian Wlckstrom, a native of Sweden, aged
4fi years 1 month and 2 days. --.
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ZUERN— In Fruitvale. October 11, 1901. Ma-
thllde. beloved wife of Martin Zuern, and '
mother of Rosa. Frederick, Ida and Alfred '
Zuern, a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years 2 months and '24 days. A member of
Elntracht Frauen Verein.
ETFViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P.- Buhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . \u25a0 . \u25a0
Shanu.i«japi6risTGo.
y -^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.nearELUS mi 5056
WeeKiy Gall $1.00 wte
AUCTION SALES
£sv £s>
I will sell at- Public Auction at 1140 Folsom,
TUESDAY, Oct. 15. 11 a. m.. 13 Horses.
Buggies, Warons, Surreys. Harness, Robes.
This property belongs to an estate and must
be aoid. .Continuede From Page Thirty-One.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
STOCK MARKET.
Frank Costello, a painter, was killed In-
Etantly yesterday afternoon by falling
from a scaffold while at work on the resi
dence of W. E. Newhall, 1206 Post street.
He was engaged in painting with P V
Leder when Leder lost his balance. In
trying to save himself from falling he
seized hold of Costello and bore him along
to the cement pavement, twenty feet be
low. Costello struck on his head and was
instantly killei, and Leder suffered a
fracture of a leg. which was treated at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. McElroy
Costello was 40 years old and resided
with his wife and four children at the
corner of Market and Seventh streets
Oakland. '
Painter Falls to Has Death-
The theater will be conducted as a first
class vaudeville institution, but the reg
ular bill will not be produced until Mon
day nig-ht. Last night the bill was con
lined to a ladies' orchestra, but on Mon
day night the bill will Include Deetz and
Don in a novelty duo. the Berlin sisters
in operatic selections, William Mcl>onald,
formerly of the Bostonians. will sing sev
eral pieces: the Carlson Bisters in com
edy. Miss Mabel Martin, soprano; Leon
ard and Leonard, musical team; Billy
Fletcher, monologrist; Edith Fletcher, vo
valiEt; Fred Everitt, vocalist; ladies' or
chestra, and moving pictures.
Hill's Theater at Ellis and Powell
streets was thrown open to the public
last night. It is a pretty little theater
and \u25a0will no doubt become popular.
The house is designed with excellent
taste, is comfortable and able to seat a
good sized crowd. Refreshments and
meals are served In the house and " the
large gathering that attended the theater
last night was greatly pleased with the
arrangements and predicted success for
Proprietor C. H. Hill and Manager J. M.
I>odge.
3JEW THEATEB HAS
SUCCESSFUL OPENTNGr
Th« Grand Lodge of the Free and Ac
cepted. Masons of California closed its an
nual communication j-esterday afternoon
.after the installation of the following of
ficers for the current term:
Elected — William S. 'Wells, grand master;
Orrin S. Henderson, deputy prand master; C.
V. Jsutting. Benlor grand warden; G. W. Hun
ter. Junior grand warden: Edward Coleman,
erand treasurer; George Johnson, grand secre-
Xfrr. and W. H. Edwards, prand lecturer.
Appointed — E. B. Church, grand chaplain; B.
H. Hart, grand orator; H. S. Johnson, assist
ant grand secretary; John P. Greeley, grand
marshal; William S. Moses, grand Bible bearer;
James C. Ensign, grand sword bearer; E. J.
Louie, grand standard bearer; Samuel Prager,
sxand senior, and William Kettner, Junior dea
con; A. W. Davidson, grand senior, and D. W.
8myth, grand junior steward; Thomas G.
Lambert, grand pursuivant; Samuel D. Mayer,
grand organist, and G. P. Adams, grand tyler.
The installing officer was the retiring
grand master, James A. Foshay. He was
assisted by Past Grand Master E. M.
Preston as master of ceremonies. After
the installation Past Grand Master
Charles L. Patton, on behalf of the Grand
Lodge, presented the junior past grand
master, James A. Foshay, a magnificent
jewel of his rank in the fraternity.
For the purpose of maintaining the
home at Decoto a per capita tax of 51
was levied.
The following standing committees were
then announced:
Jurisprudence — E. M. Preston. F. M. Angel
lottl. H. ST. Rucker, W. Johnston and J. 1^.
Stevens.
Finance— E. E. Stone, John Martin. George
II. Monroe, O. M. Go'daracena and F. W*.
Robinson.
Grievances— F. K. Lippitt, S. A. Smith, J.
M. Mannen, G. E. Church and C. Hampton
Returns— W. R. Hervey, E. C. Bonner W.
TV. Douglass, F. H. Carroll and F. M. Ruther
ford.
Pay of members— M. H. Flint. T. E. Hunne
•will, A. Stevens, H. C. Bagbee and H. D.
Kercheval.
Correspondence— William A. Davles, L.. N
Buttner, George T. McCabe, R. Lowe and E
M. Billings.
Accounts— J. A. Beckwlth, T. Kyle E. C
Hare, H. Burner and F H Gibson
Charity fund— W. E. Eloan. W. A. Sayre J.
J). Pillsbury, W. Edwards and A. C. Dickie.
sentation to Retiring- Grand of
Jewet of Office.
;A-n-nr>ni Communication Closed — Pre-
HASONS HfSTA2JL THEIB
UJblWLY ELECTED OiTICEBS
For several days smoldering ashes from
a small brush tire on the Nicholson tract,
close to PranedaJe, about*six miles from
Salinas, have frequently started fresh
tires. This afternoon they again burst Into
Ilaxnes and soon more than 200 acres of
fine timber and undergrowth were de
stroyed.
The flames were got under partial con
trol, but a light wind this evening fanned
the dying embers into a fresh blaze, and
now the fire ls spreading with great
rapidity, working back of Prunedale and
down the canyon toward Xatividad, a few
miles from here. Fuel ls added to the
flames by the dense undergrowth and
dry grass and leaves.
From Chualar Canyon, a few miles
eouth, private dispatches received to
night give Information that a forest lire
that started this morning has got beyond
control, and it is feared that thousands
of acres of wooded land will be burned
over. Men there and at other points are
fighting heroically to subdue the flames.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 12.— The forest
fire that has been causing so much loss
In this section for the past two days is
still burning fiercely, a change in the wind
having caused the flames to spread south
ward and Involve new territory. Thou
sands of acres of oak and pine timber
and young trees and miles of fences h~"e
been destroyed, the property burned or
being the Doud and Jacks tracts back or
Monterey and the Pacific Improvement
Company's celebrated seventeen-mile
drive reservation near Pacific Grove.
More than 4000 acres of the latter tract
alone has been ablaze, but the fire fight
ers have succeeded in -getting the flames
there eomewhat under control. The fa
mous cypress grove was saved and the
flames have been kept from the main
driveway. The fire is driving game from
the woods Into the open.
SALINAS, Oct. 12.— Since this morning
reports of a discouraging jiature concern
ing: the forest tires In the vicinity of Sa-
Jinas have been received. To-night the
ekles In every direction are illuminated.
From the northern end of San Miguel
Canyon comes the news that the fire has
already consumed the timber on hundreds
of acres of land and ls still spreading.
Famous Cypress Grove, Near
Pacific Grove, Has Nar
row Escape.
Fires in the. Monterey
Foothills Are Yet
Unchecked.
FORESTS FALL
BEFORE FLAMES
Flour, qr sks 26,13? I Shorts, sks 397
Wheat, etla 156.873| Wool, sks 403
Barley, otls 15,060 1 Leather, rolls ... 81
Oats, ctla 1,960 Quicksilver, flsks 55
Corn, ctls 205 Wine, gals 2L800
Beans, sks 4.740 Tallow, ctls 678
Potatoes, sks .... 3,963 Sugar, ctls 2.305
Rye, ctls 660 Pelts, bdls 670
Onions, sks 2,541 Hides, no 1,004
Bran, ska 3,100 Lime, bbla -273
Middlings, ska .. . • CEO Paper, reams 382
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12.
Receipts of Produce.
While business was not over: lively on the
Bond Exchange, as usual on Saturday, there
were a number .--'of interesting developments..
Predictions of forthcoming . dividends on
Vigcrit Powder, beginning with the new year,
led to some demand for the stock and tome
hundreds of shares sold at $4 12%. There was
also some business In Spring Valley Water at
?87 7S@88 25, chiefly In small lots. The j com
pany is .reported In excellent condition. Mar
ket-st. R.R. was lower at $88 50@88 75. Maka
well Sugar was strong at $28 bid and $29 asked,
later reports from the company being-, consid
ered good. There was continued sel lifts? of
California , Wine stock, but- the corporation- ls
reported in good condition and all offerings
were immediately, taken up at $85 50@S5 25, an
improvement over Friday's closing: quotations.
It was announced that the bonds of the Cali
fornia Central Gas and Electric Co., operating
in San Rafael and a dozen other towns in the
northern part of the State, offered for subscrlp-
AN INTERESTING SATURDAY MARKET
ON THE BOND EXCHANGE.
Eocene 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 13c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases. 20c; SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c. —
TURPENTINE— 58c pe"r gallon in casea and
£2c In drum; and Iron barrels.
. SUGAR-The Western Sugar Refining; Com
pany quotes, per Ib, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered. 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.60c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45c; Magnolia »A, 4.25c; Extra C. 4.15c;
Golden C, 4.03c; D, 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 2Ic more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bass. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per 1b. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
tion by the Mercantile Trust Co., had all been 1
subscribed for, though they will not be listed
on. the exchange till the first of the year. The
company la very , ambitious and its projected
operations extend from Tiburon to Chico. The
bends are of the denomination of $1000, and
bear 5 per cent, maturing In 1931.
The oil stocks were dull and featurelesn.
Alaska Packers was ex-dlvldend of 76c and
the Sierra Railway ex-coupon of lta 6 per cent
bonds, or $3, yesterday.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 12%c per share, or $12,500,
payable on the 21st.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 32,287 shares, valued at $24,929, the
principal sales being as follows: California
Standard and Grant, 1000 shares each; Inde
pendence, 3100; Monarch. 4300; Reed, 3200;
Sterling, 3480; Oil -City, 2000; Peerless, U'20;
JLrlon, 7C50. ; \u25a0
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. October 12—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. . .
\u25a0' Bid. Ask. '. Bid. Ask.
4s quar. coup... 112 112% 4s qr cp (new)— 139%
4s quar reg....U2 ,112% ,3s quar coup. .108 109
MISCELLANEOUS. . ,
Bay C P C 5s.l06%107 Oceanic SS 5s.I03VS —
Cal-st 5s ......118 — Omnibus C 63.129% —
C C Water 5s.lll%112% Pac G Imp 4s. 39% —
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131V- Pk & Cl H 68.109 1 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. 121 —
Geary-st 5a ... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 96% 98
Do 5s 99%100 8 F & SJV 5b. — —
Los Ang R 5s.ll7%118 Sierra Cal 6s.. — — "
L* A Light 63.101% — S P of Ariz 6a
Hay, tons 555 1 Raisins, boxes.... 1,200
Hops, bales 191 1
OREGON.
Flour, ar sks.... 18,4581 Bran, ska ........ 8,730
Oats, ctla «. 1.660|
MINING STOCKS.
... Mornlns SeaaJon.
aSBSSf*^aS?: \u25a0*\u25a0 to 8 Stock
Mornlssr Seasfon.
.JSO Best & Belcher lo'lOOOphlr ... ti
»CC& Va....l 67% 1000 Overman .. ;.*;.: S
.!£ Challenge 12 200 Potosl ....:."
im o e h Can 16 m Union Con. "I I5
100 Ophlr .......... 70. 500 Yellow Jacket." 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 13-12 m.
Alpha .:._ — 02Justice 0* 03
Alta 02 OSKentuck " _
An <le3 05 OSLady Wash 01 —
Belcher 07 OSMexlcan 16 17
Best & Belcher 14 13 Occidental .. 05 or
Bullion — C2Ophir '" 7? ™
Caledonia 28 30Overman 03 M
Challenge Con.. 11 12Potosi 5X or
Chollar 05 0C Savage ia «
Confidence 6S "oScorpion . __ ni
Con Cal & Va.l65 170Seg Belcher."."." 02 03
Con Imneriat. ... - Ot Sierra Nevada,. U 15
Con New York. .01 -Silver Hill...... n ffi
Crown Point 05 07 St Louis «3 04
Eureka Con.... 14 —Standard.. 3 SO —
Exchequer ..... _ 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 03 P5 Union Con 14 15
Hale & Norcra. 13 16Utah ; n 03
' J«»* — OlYellow Jacket.. « 04
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Giant , n
1000 Lion, b 60 52
lOOTMonarch of Arizona : ...... u3
50 Peerless .....~ " e"
10OO Reed Crude "*" o?
100 Sterling , "£
200 Sterling J
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
Board —
50 Cal .Wine Association 5350
10 Cal Wine Association, s 90 85 27U
5 Cal Wine ' Association " 85 »7i
_ 35 Cal Wine Association ...: " 83 23 2
100 Contra Costa Water "*" 77 tn
50 Honbkaa S Co *"" 10 50
J2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s ;""" m ?A
95 Market Street Railway " '"*" ss S(
10 Market Street Railway "**" si r->i_
20 Market Street Railway it tV*
2 Spring Valley Water " |? £*
45 Spring Valley Water "" So »2
700 Vlgorit Powder 4 7?,,
Street— * liia
3 Spring Valley Water .v g7 73
Alaska Pack.. — 143'i Oceanic S Co.. 41 —
Cal Fruit Can. 97 98 I Pac Aux FA.. ZhL. —
Cal Wine Asn. 85 — Pac C Borax..l65 —
Mer ExchngcllO — jPar Paint 18 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana 4% »Vi Kllauea ....... 10% —
Hawaiian — . 50 , Makawell ..... 28 29
Honokaa^ 10% 11 (Onomea 24% —
Hutchlnson ...14%— i^aauhau 10% 11
SUGAR.
Giant 73% 76 iVIgorit 4 4%
POWDER.
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) fl3% —
Do gntd 5s. .102 — (1910) 114% —
L A & P 5s.. — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905), Ser A.107V4107V4
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12S<£ 0905). Ser B.107V4 —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122Vi (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal GS.112U113M: (1912) 119^119%
Do 5s — — S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01V4 — c gntd 5s....llOH —
Do 6s 106V4107% S P Br Cal 6s.l34 — '
Nor Cal R 5s.lll — S V "Water 6s.lll*4112
Oak Gas 6s:..lll%112i / i Do 4s ....103% —
Oak Trans 6s.l22^ — Do 4s 3d m.102 —
Do 1st c Es.112 — Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5S.10&. —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 Port Costa 63 65
Marin County. 58 — Spring Valley. 88 —
. . GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — 1 Pacific Light.. 41 —
equitable ..... 3\L Z% \ Sacramento ... 22% —
Mutual 4% 5% S F G & B.... 43 43%
Oakland ....... 51% 52 San Francisco. ' 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 39% 40% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — -
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal r ..... 75 80 iLP & A.'. 156 160 "
California .....408%— I Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.. 109 — I S F National.. 130 —
First Natlonl..310 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...c.1895 — Sav & Loan... — —
' Humboldt — — " Security Sav.. .275 —
Mutual Sav — 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 —
San Francisco. 525 — f \
STREET RAILROADS.
California 129% - ,O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 31 —
Market 88% 90 |
--\u25a0-- . - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' f \u25a0 . . . . (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
32
2JXW ADVEETISEMENTS.
C01TSPICTJ0TJS IN A BALLROOM.
Flakes of Dandruff on the Collar and
Shoulders of a Gentleman in
Pull Dress.
This ls the thing you quite frequently
see In the ballroom — a man's black dress-
coat literally covered with dandruff.
It must be annoying to the wearer, and
certainly not a pleasant thing to observe.
But dandruff can be eradicated. It is a
germ disease that will some day cause
baldness.
Newbro's Herpicide kills the hair-de-
stroying- germ, and stimulates the hair
to a rich, abundant growth: it does more
—keeps the hair soft and pliant.
Furthermore, Herpicide is a most pleas-
ant toilet accessory; pleasing of odor, and
cooling to the scalp.
DIED.
DOXAHUE-In this city. October 12. 1901, at
her late residence, 1525 Pine street. 'Bridget
Donahue, dearly beloved aunt of Mary A.
Riley, and Bister of the late Margaret Rlley,
a native of Ireland.
C7Notic« of luneral hereafter. _.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
HVicCaH's November Patterns and? I To Out=Of=ToWn PatrOIlS! W d^> 9 <^^ IWaN's November Patterns andf
• Magazines are here. m/ ML^^_\ji^'^^^ The points of excellence of our Mail Order Department that have mad© it the /$//&/ ®&5&'M& >^!§& [g£&P Magazines are here. I
\u25a0" j- JBl GO4U>!9^r \u25a0 I greatest upon this Coast are quickness, accuracy and, the best goods for the m// /BLy __ — •^r ~ **
°* , - ww^z*— I least money. Our new catalogue sent you for the asking. *=( QOOt>^^ a \u25a0
IH Faney Silks Were Never So Tempting, mm
i^/VX^' . New Roman stripes $1.00. Heavy Black Taffeta $1.35 Zi? — VP
-ix //r.'Q ' Stripes are all the go this season and everything is a Roman— that Is, In novelties. Nothing can . •_.- - K n^ c,,n «»« ».,,-»,-.«= \a/:w^. ; K- Itt "^ V:--
jgSvV sv/f*i^y make a more beautiful waist than these tri-colored Roman stripes. The one before us has laven- v-rim 1,. * u « a 2. 1 >r ? incnes wiac. _ yr i\\ Xfj
-yyy/ - * YS der old rose and delicat*irrav alternating 20 inches wide. • Extra heavy.i extra wide. ,A grade that heretofore has never been sold under J1.50, but If it waa not r? m /%;
N^gsg^A uer, oiq rose ana delicate gray alternating, 20 Incnes wiae. . that thlg mm wag strug&11 6 R fjr recognltion we would be paylng $150 now# The y figured that it £, .%\^fV^C
\\ Tfim&TxY* • Ombre Corded Silks Jt»».OO. would pay them to accept 15c a yard less if they could gel the outlet of Hale's California stores. I
V\ J ir^'jji'r^i lt ls one of the new creations and a strong favorite for fall waists: 20 inches wide. In the same lot came qualitiej that have been selling for $1.23, /A ' iV""^i /
g>-^ t^nW:. Beautiful Striped $1.25. , But We Are Able to Mark Them $1.OO. Wj If 1 ffe
f fs& '"\u25a0 Of course, they're Roman styles, but what lends the greatest charm to them are the frosted effects. TWx/rk Fvfno I SninA A??/*»c AB t\
**&%&'lWk?- It's an entirely new idea and one of the proudest silk achievements this fall,- -__ 1 WO LXLPd L.inin£J> VJIICI &• : ?M ,11 UV >& :
'•.-.\u25a0 w«-ri p»; nr AH I nuisines £1 T5 never did such a. lining business as we are doing this fall. There were never such good reasons ;•#,! \\\ V \rs«« >
W^fflmi A s °" 8 »^. *™*y 8tuff . with^d P den P ch^ why-varletlesare^roader^pr^sra^rth^cornmon . M^WffU
Wz*<ffi»'AWt\ > Btuffs d0 « Tne P^nt is done bo as to give a blurred effect, but is really striking. . ' 12j£c Si k Finished Skirting IOs. e ///\\\\wYl? vP*'
§$»\u25a0'/ Sl'5 Metallic Velveteens for Waists 75c. '/ ' 86 inches wide; 1000 yards, in such good shades as black, brown, gray, tan.
7^^»Iw\. JSSUfc It's one of the favorite members of^he velvet family. The black ground with the bright metallic . 12%'c Grade Percaline for 8^c. . \u25a0 :^//AaY\£ VA \?
&&&• HHiiT* • "Pots here and there make the fabric very effective; 22 inches wide. 36 Inches wide. Comes in black only. Plenty of it, too. , \ 'Jf/lTrXu \\ t
<tf$8 /Pli^ Another of owr • , (Glove News Extraordinary). ulll nXkvhS
jyjjf i Famous Embroidery Outpourings Dollar Kid Gloves 8oc. Wmk
rTW Wrf^&ki- "^ * l , "t v uu We nff. H „«„ * a *u. a *„„'* n# ai . nr,« '' l WE TOOK THEM OUT OF THE CUSTOM-HOUSE LAST SATURDAY.) '. ; 'Wvl^
B%H7«S One of the, most important events of the year with us. We offer you now what we can t offer any No Rloves could be newer or prettier or worthier. No good gloves are usually cheap. No- I [fr J
7/'%i \^KJ'^ other time. (Nay, we try and do it twice, a year— spring and fall.) During these occasions -body's size or shade has been left out— and all this right at the beginning of fall! Can any one If] • I W
ySA/S'f-S thrifty women lay in a supply— _ y - keep from buying? {jjfA * v \ I k >|
-$&&'> I M% I '^h \u25a0' SO-VC 3. a -Ull rj^IT \u25a0 " We know of many places about town where gloves not as good are selling for a dollar and :>Vy// i
' c-Vf^'W/ \u25a0&§ , „ . , ., . , •- **" : Tiir nrcnmnTinii — ~ a quarter. But with us it's as good a' glove as we can find i-i/iM 1 1 1 '""•^S
.1 And get as new and crisp and perfect embroideries as are made. THE DESCRIPTION. .to sell for a dollar, in fact, it's so good. that the maker &/M mj&^
' W'3|l \ 'h Indeed, we've thought ourselves fortunate if we srot as pretty and dainty embroideries as g2S2Si LambJa? tack. ar°e Ck e mb P row- and ?««elves have agreed to lessen our profits, twice, a W/M/M&
"WM A % thCSe fOf y ° U CVCn at TeS " lar pHCeS - Wh ?' S better 3ret. offer you broader br V &? «nts you'll WLW A
'. iMM n ;: choicer choosing. These few thousand yards mark the wind-up of the factory s season. They ot^aii choicest be gkd tQ pay a do j-, ar ngxt time> We wouIdn ' t Iosc now - if &Jfrg&1 h* /
..ffiji 1 'j wanted to.start fresh on spring business. There are no remnants— nothing old or soiled, but t 88 : : '- — ss we weren't sure we'd gain later on. . . \u25a0/A < \\//lll\ i
\u25a0ISinS precisely the same standard class goods we sell all year round. ; Every PaiP IS Fully Guaranteed. •
7 LgemL V e * 24c-Loti: Edgings arfd insertions up to 2% inches, cambric , swi« Oc-ix>t «r The edgings are up to 7% inches. You're lust as safe as if you paid a dollar." Nay. if you don't get a full dollar's-worth of beauty '///A \l k\
/ SWifft/ '? 5c-^tTTh k es e T n a ; d rol ee Ue C n L% y gi U n^ HiS^ffi SSe. helpln^X Si'J harafy' tJ?Stt5^ K *nd value for eighty cents we .don't want you to keep the gloves. It's such an enthusiastic offer (^/\WiA
••'•'•t-f^S§ /'. /- '.-I"!} ud to 4 inches Swiss, 'cambric and nainsook. Just the style alike, and all of them fresh and seasonable. . and SO many women to share lt, we know . A I, \l]U&'v\
\u25a0'\u25a0/;.'-. fAS? P- I *"'\u25a0-<; evprvliodv wants " y° u don't buy ; now you'll pay 20c for _,, . **m-t.' r± • \u25a0«•«»• «^ \u25a0-» -r— - ' **\ I ill #W\'\\>y*.ls
' K ) >^V' r -^' ! T v -''--\ l? ~^^Zl 7^c-Lot 3: Edgings up to 5 Inches. Insertions anything as pretty, In regular etocks. ' TIlC 4320 PaiPS WOll't Be EflOU^h. * -•• TjuH^Vhl
I iwjVU^lv UP %^ssM ChC We f^ b Bold "patterns" *no lS^c— Lot B: The edgings are up to 8% inches, • To make buying easy and our service prompt we spread them out on bargain tables _^-*-^^^^ ""SKr ///'A \///M^
\ :.U.A\^X ''-M: "v^Kgt';g^jS)"X nrottipr at 15c and thought the insertions up to 6 inches. Most of them Sizes 6% and 6 on table 1, aisle 2; eizes 6tf. 6^. 6%-«n table 2, aisle 2: sizes 7 7U 7^ >^S llllt\\ I I T,
\'''''h^^!^^L<Ay^^^^^^MiMS^. \-^y^^>^-^ we were"' glvlnB good are worth 25c compared to what is sold reg- and 7% on table 3, aisle 2. Now take your choice: , ' l^y^X.y >y^ / ////A*\/''/* t
m} '^'^yfi'^ t^M^<^0^SKf>^' '^/^^JW/^t^^^^l 18c— Lo't 6: Cambric and nainsook embroid- C^^2 S* Jb^S/lIT*. • r E^^r^J^ < |
W</^g&f~-r±£^i^XS^^ e Z Ies> 3^ t0 10 inches. The finest, and Gloves we sell regularly at $1.00, /// '/// 'A~l/ 'f / / 3? 1/ nk
'7-3^ L&^Z&y^ Klve you better choosing in regular stocks If you can't call, write or telephone. "We'll fill J^fK^
'iJv^.^y^kl^^^<^^ r^^^^^ : g!^^i£sj 3 «^«^^JK^jj@^a^ under 35c. , your orders as long aa we hava what you want. ffijl///fifl&&?f^ r '& /g 55 *^"^ aB€-v//J^3!££Z -^s&s' A.^/
Buy Flannels Now. 1 :^ o^^ faAfe^* 01 .Blankets, .-Sheets.
—Stocks never so COTtvolebe. 9 wSB^SmSSM^^^^^^^ JfJ ding supplies. Blankets. ' comforts Stitched Comforts $1.00
—dnd manv inducements are not to be repeater/-. . J^^^^^^^tff/ / \H^^^^^W^^^^^&^y sheets, pillow cases, are cheaper this $4-50 Hhite Wool Blankets
We want more folks to lean more heavily on us for flannels this season. v T eek than common, and just as good as S3. 75.
That's why we've been so thorough in getting ready. ../ 2118111 S^^S^WlW^^ - y eVer were or ever can be - The PMow Cases 10c each.
Not a flannel want has been skipped: \u25a0 ' fS^wl^^^il^p'w-^-^'f ' gHJ|iw|i^aS^j^^^^E^gaS^p price concessions after all are only sec- Bleached Iheeti 50c.
WHITE FLANNELS FRENCH FLANNELS WRAPPER FLANNELS 1^^^^^^^^^^ ondary with us. We count more on the * \u25a0 •*•
TENMS FLANNELS EIDERDOWN FLANNdLS WAISTING FLANNELS filSi^ ' QUa y ° f the p °° ds an 4 the service
Yes, they are here and in every grade. But to impress you still more (f^^^^^^^^^^W^ rendered you than anything else. These blankets and comforts are so
forcibly we'll make some prices this week you can't resist. ? '€?^ iS^^K^ good they would readily sell themselves at full prices and in time
Prettiest 10c Tennis Flannel 7^c. _ : m lx$m^mM ' SSw««SSr ?^wS &rt"S^S^,^SESS? s US^i«rt < S^Si« B a SS^SS^-
Pinks and blues and cream: soft and heavy. They come 27 inches . (§L*®» JOSk . WT "« m «k th« prices down to ™J ; you here. 7#
wide — 3215 yards. How the women will -buy. .^%&3*§m! iff&i 'f'jiV' M&k. 5000 Pillow Cases IOC.
Fleecy Flannels 5c. Tennis Flannels Tc. 5^§i^?^^^^^^ (fcPHk 5r .^^^ " Made from an excellent muslin 45x38 inchM it w. a\a «.. *
Striped 29 Inches wide. Checks and stripes; 29 inches. J&SmM&&&§&®^ JHH^ sel1 at this P rlce - * S ° many W9 COuM not
Waist Flannels 12^c. T S= ta |5^, nC fl 5 11 t"i ail i^t l8 J. OP -ot 2S. # J^^^ffi^ft WhIte She «tS 50c Each.
heavy, with stripes and checks, -S we are j ugt Etart i ng the season and trying K^wVlPSp^^*^ 'V^aflL f^fWWBJmW^^^mh^-^^ inches square with a 2-inch hem. \u25a0 . • . , .••.\u25a0«.,
'^German Velours I5c. n°anX weVo^ %?%£% '%*$& 5 " Ib . W h h ' te W ° o1 'Blankets $4.50. ' (
In n"w and prefy designs Quite the the price on this French Flannel one-third. ... *J$BURBtt£wr JF* 1 ** r ! r> w . hat you usua "y P^ * 3 for - «x80 inches; £0 pairs for selling this weei.
t « «r« mcje- w We . S^s^JSV^r t £^^ 1 SS l^ - -JBatf" Our $4 50 White Woo! blankets $8.75?
Cotton Eiderdo^vns 20c O f 76c. W V -fl it » • « \u25a0* m • « pairs, finely, closely woven. A most unusual offer
«*»*" <>Ep n ffiK fc ssffii Hale's Millinery m General. s X e t?. o^r*s±™?JiA m .^^ ah
"^Scotch Flannels 15c. ik^W 1^ 8 t ,?fe Many new ones shown this week— Paris inspirations. °c&?£ SS^JSLf^S!?^ IsSPaI^^J?'^' §J- 5 Jl
S^f^° r A I SSi&S h ' i 7r^i~.m- Our fall millinery is making a beautiful show. It holds ""'" TgoS' °Yard« Piilow"^^ "m". * i~" "tT""" 1 -
32 inches broidered stripes; ricfieffects; 27 Inches. - . . - * ., ° . XOUU iaPQS PlllOW LSSe JMUSlin fit 9c.
— — _— — - — feminine fancy spellbound.;' There s such a vast variety that every £ >8 9c bleached ' * 5 lnches w^t aiv ays retailed at i2Mc goes on sale Monday
fkUnUt T 1^.^^^*^ DJkU/x*,^ wp-^t woman finds something she falls in love with, and lingers to buy. °* $1.75 All-Linen Napkins Sl.48 a Dozen
fc^g 111 laiieta KlDDOnS I5C Wtfrc selling more hats than we ever did. So there must be JSSl&S^ a iS^'SS^ii^ea^S^f&&-
1220 yards will be put on sale to-morrow morning, it's No. 60, full a "something" about them not found- elsewhere.. Especially isc ty ; t
3\<2 inches wide. Just riRht for neckwear. Comes in white, cream, pink, this true of these . Quite an Expended Mention of
blue, maize, scarlet and so on. The colors everybody wants, the .ribbons - • # • /*» Pi** Z+^4- O fl_ S^l 1 +
everybody wants. Marked for selling this week 15c a yard. IOO. ChariTIing HatS at $5-OO. \JcL\X\ Xty iSSLDy dOttlCS
•y^ 7 ,- . **. . m <~9 m Fashionable hats— dress hats, as the more elaborate ones are called— suit hats, And Nurserv Funni<sh!n<Sfi
W/tlJ-rf-ia Cttft <\\t\ Q\I7l CCAC IAr as many of them go by-hats to wear with tailored suits. These are made by THi? V f»i, 1 Vr 8 'i't
VV 111 LC wLtl Ldfill uWlddCMUL' same designers who produce the more expensive ones. Many of them are ' o J s , one , of the Proudest features of the store.
and oth ER timely draperv news. Shown top First Time This Week, a^ T
These curtain Swisses come 1T1 dots and figures, three widths— , and are so pretty you d think they had come straight from Paris. . the money. It isn't our aim so much to undersell as it is to nnSJrl;
36 inches wide...\Oc 40 inches wide..A5c 45 inches wide...20c Thev are made; from a good quality^of velvet, trimmed with breasts, pom- Then there's added advantage in selecting from a complete assorrrrT^nt' 6 "
Ve.our S 45c 5 0e, 60C-AU >,ad- New Tapestri,. 35c. 40c 50c w ™"$ iO " the B^y But the NameT
\u25a0 n n g d £S£& fel 3T 8 . ir^tZ^S^o^ A Wasty Word of Mllllhery Trimmings. up t ™t x ™^tJ ffit b ?? M
Tapestry Portieres .?4.OO -Greens, patterns. Blackbirds. 25c- CHT^LDREirS HATS- , tory. \u25a0 DUt that S worth y an d satisfac-
blues and gold; heavily fringed. l?mpv Ivath^lrpast^^'Sn-lS^^ inches At 69c-Hats for children from 6 to 12 INFANTS' SIiTPS 10c-Mad« of DTPATSTTV rR-PAiir crrrv -b« w
Three yards long, 50 inches wide. Ottoman Rep Portieres ?4.50_ Fa & Fe i a n^ e tL B s "^^^^^^ >^f« °^ ot ™T^^ l^S Kit S and E5L^ri£&F nec "^ nd cuff » T«Sfffilc3SM&iffH B ffia
Tapestry Table Covers $1.25. Three yards long and 50 inches _ r hlte^r * a ,. . ?or ' ' ' 8 ™ y iSSSt? irTTxs <*-„-*** * ?SS? b^' 1 d SS
? i;o0,?2.00_A, large variety, wide. Fancy colorings in nine »«ora Hata^TBe-A new-lot-castors, .^ _ H&t { fl 9 to ls yeara J f3^l m &ggL£$£tf&£ xS&BSL^MLKafBiK
in a choice selection of colors. different shades. gttSKd Feiiora Hatsv75c-In black. A \^^ &tB^mT^% t o S enrtnl gSSSd^thW^n^ and ffl^ffil M^^T^ 1P S
Guipure Pillow Shams 75c Violet Talcum Powder 5c. ffi £*•\u25a0»-\u25a0* IH^SMSa
K" ' • %J . rTTT'A"N T r*l' KHOTtT 1 Tl'mr'SS^T!'^ »"«. u™o ana riooon, tum-ao'wn collar
They're what we sell usually for $1.00. Come in neat, beautiful pat- AN *> OTHER IMPORTANT DRUG OFFERS THIS WEEK. l 7/,f^M X a^ of^^t. hea^^iftl . fi^/thmi'ihout 0011 " Md Sate * a
terns. It's one of the '.rarest offers; the art department has thrown out for B ™ tl^Sl&r%S?n r Sn2 I JS B t ' \u25a0 2^ \ **tH% f^^&nSfc 9 a^
some time. Women will be so anxious for them we know we will not have now. it has so much that women .^-rT»<v "km tonic, guaranteed strictly pure . "»-'"« and *. nl !. hln S f white em- SfiSflderSSi hJSdiemfi" SimS^
a chance to mention them a^ain. want and asks such reasonable g|uS?S£) Theatrical folks use more of it than and cuffs* dee^T'hom^aSd^w^f 'hiiS* fa ?i Cy 8llk ribbon and lace: tora-fliwS
Germai Linen Souares 50c-a 27-inch Linen Squares 35c-Th e y I'lZV^n^oTTS^n^sll MM XZ»°X& •£AV£ SS>£ «X?%? SSSS^S."* Jff '
ptamped In these popular patterns: w] 1 " a clear - « ven spoke stitch TEIS TALCUM POWDER .AT W&&S& Queen and Apple Blossom, very last- of embroidery Insertion and fine tucks. J°.?s short Bedford CorfCoaS It
Pepper, violet, poppy, wild rose, with openwork border and stamped ? tii is a very good quality. The piM . in & an( l penetrating odors, sold over lace trimmed lawn ruffle around yoke, 8tt.OQ. JS3.50. 84 OO up tc
maidenhair, forget-me-not and go on. with many new and pretty patterns. KhB 0^0^ V I&tfifro DRAWERS 50c-
4nn*h"T ' 8c— As grood a bristle brush as sells W£&HS^ HSiW* PERFUMES 25c 4 years. . -^S5Jl te iJ? **"» or blaet^ " C
,i ou- iu^i regularly lor 15c. We're not loBlng S^KTl-pP BOX— Four bottles In a box. Vlo- T1\rP A "NTT*!' CSTTTTJT^I "With INFAITTS' RUBBEB, DIAPTT?!!
fT* g f P»A C^t-^^4-li>i IF money on them-some one else Is. tSlpV Tit, cashmere bouquet, heliotrope and wait raPde of Dink blue and mm -r-i»S^- ™-b-djljx. i»j_a_fi,aS
Sale of 50c Sheet Music 15c. ta I1HBHISHs ms& I»|?M%SI .^Hi€Hs'HiS ap^jasd&s-tts&a
lar^e oval cakes. the price. Put up in a fancy litho- anf i two rows of hem«itit<-'hinfr t;i7P« »<viiC and 12^C- m •* -J -' J - >k3 '
We're placing on sale every week one or more of the most popular pieces of REOXSECTC^R'.S SA^F^T 2'c ' 1/ r ,s™P,5. ed T hl 55 e . d^2' v : ered box - w- 1 to 4 years\ A splend<d value I Sv42?^ S T MITTENS 2Oc A
the day at a reduced price of 15c. These offers are not for a day, W until OZ.-ln heliotrope and violet. It's- Jf RIGA'S JA T^A.TCA. BAY RTJJM: ,4-^.^r 1 ™- Z T nppTi eTTir white, pink. bfiTaS
the stocks are exhausted. what you see marked 39c usually. 20c BOTTLE-8 oz. of cJj^ -nroa-ivTmo, «««.
The chief^tractlon^s^^ M^ s ' ; ||NjE| g§^frtjLjr£nl 1^ SXLK
We are also selling AUj THE "JEXORODOBA" BDCTS AT TT AT*F PRfcE. JT^t 1 A A_ 1VT # | i /\u2666 | • j' 5£rtLikal? taif. ace ruc e * o.ors navy, SACQITES
m*..™.^-,.^ a Flannelette Nightshirts 50c a — £ w \u25a0 JZ,
/£&/ ,p (gfr iT^ailVCL JU, v B4 inches long and made from a good quality of flannelette. iTIOIKCL Ol., V&XjU&i&zzZ&gSr/ -r^~-j. /£}/ (S\
/tgs/ /"/ >^, • v.T'i**^^^\u25a081*' v/pp« VJO.Cien j t > g j n natural gray or camel's hair colors; splendid weight; seams are all finished. UOSUCil /jEff _/"^t _ ****-— ' — ~^_^^&3zsSZ^
*& *!*****%<*> Gate Ave. Half Hose, Half Wool, 16 2-3c. \. t bate Ave. <r.r\nrk<+
w "» 1 « w****^ %\ »£ I Natural gray, Oxford mix or brown. A splendid, serviceable stocking. •£ J! w^ aaia; *-^— m «/W«V > 3«<^ . .