RUSSIAN COMMANDER WOGAEK AT TIENTSIN
DEMANDS APOLOGY FROM BRITISH GENERAL
IN LANGUAGE RESEMBLING AN ULTIMATUM
RIVAL RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE NAVAL COMMANDERS IN ASIATIC WATERS AND SCENE OF POSSIBLE HOSTILITIES.
Willamette a Total Wreck.
.^VICTORIA. . B. C.'i March 20.— The • col
lier ' Willamette, which" broke In two last
night,' Is now a total wreck.
WASHINGTON,; March ? 20.— The reason
why^the last Republican National Conven
tlon used the term "Isthmian" instead of
ADMINISTRATION IS LEFT
/ A' WAT TOjSECTJBE CANAL
--¦'/For the last time, then," .said King
Edwar'd. .- "In the-future uniform or court
dress . must be worn! This ] Is not a re
public." •¦
King Edward is becoming more and
more exacting concerning the formalities
on these occasions. A few. hours before
the' r reception ! of a recent, deputation his
Majesty asked the • Lord ; Chamberlain
what;dress'th-3y would wear.
"Frock coats, your Majesty," replied the
Lord Chamberlain. ....
: i'.'I ie-echo the words used by her late
Majesty on ; her last .visit to Ireland and
have full faith that in the .'times 'of stren
uous endeavor which are before .us the
sons of your ancient institution wllleach
in his place play his part In the mainte
nance and government of the. empire, in
th^e development of which your country
men have figured so conspicuously, and
that': they' will add "to the long roll of
names , of Irishmen who have rendered
distinguished services: In the various
branches of human activity."
• LONDON, March 20.— At St. James Pal
ace this afternoon King Edward, wearing
a field marshal's uniform, received be
tween forty and fifty deputations from
various parts of the kingdom, bearing ad
dresses of condolence and congratulation.
His Majesty made an acknowledgment to
the general body,. but separate. replies to
the • Freemasons . and to the deputation
from Trinity College, Dublin. The Duke
of Connaught presented the Freemasons'
address. The King, in reply, 'expressed
his great regret at relinquishing the grand
mastership and promised,, as protector,
to continue watching over their. Interests
and to rejoice over their . prosperity and
growth. To the Trinity College (Dublin)
deputation King Edward said:
Ruling a Bepublic and Bars
the Frock Coat.
COURT DRESS ONLY,
v-r. IS EDWARD'S COMMAND
Great Britain's King Says He Is Not
'Nicaragua" canal In Its platform Is made
clear by recent negotiations here. . It left
a way for the administration to negotiate
with Colombia concerning " the Panama
canal, which is not affected by the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty. Recent negotiations
indicate that Colombia is willing to lease
the land occupied by the canal for a
royalty on the revenues to be derived. It
is also pointed out that the right of the
French company Interested In the big
ditch can be purchased for less than the
cost and value of the work already done.
SHANGHAI. March 20.— A dispatch to
the China Gazette from Tokio, dated to
day, says that all the Russian warships
in Japanese waters have called for Korea
and that the Japanese squadron Is mob
ilizing for an Immediate departure to the
Korean coast.
Russia and Japan Reported to Be in
Hostile Array.
Diplomats . In Washington are not In
clined to believe that war will reswlt from
the Tientsin dispute. If trouble comes,
one diplomat said it would be because of
the Manchurian situation; another diplo
mat said that the world was not prepared
for war and that Russia's financial condi
tion, as well as that of Japan, prohibits
them from engaging In hostilities, and
Great *-itain is too much occupied in
South Africa. Germany, he Bald, is the
only European power in position at this
time to go to war.
WARSHIPS HEAD R>R KOREA.
do so."
"The failure of the American represen
tatives to report on the subject is due to
.our well-known policy of .not interfering
in disputes between other nations. We
are Interested in the trouble because of
its possible sreneral effect, but we have
nothing to, do with the attitude of the
British troops toward the Russian troops,
or vice versa, or with the conditions which
caused them to assume the stand they
have. The United States has no right to
intervene, nor will It do so, but if the dis
putants should Intimate their willingness
to have the American Government ex
ercise its good offices it will be clad to
"This fact is conclusive," the official
continued, "that up to this time at least
no clash of a serious nature has occurred.
Were shots exchanged our Consul ., at
Tientsin would notify Mr. Rockhill, who
In turn would communicate the Informa
tion to Secretary Hay.
A high official of the administration said
to-day that no information regarding the
Tientsin trouble had been communicated
to the State Department by any of Its
agents In China.
Anxious to preserve the concert of the
nations with respect to China, this Gov
ernment deplores the development of con
troversies which may cause a rupture and
precipitate a dismemberment of the Celes
tial empire.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
Jf. XV.. "WASHINGTON. March
20.— If Russia and Great Britain
desire It. the United States is
willing to use its good offices to settle the
Tientsin dispute. No tender of this kind
has been made nor will anything be. done
except In the event that there appears to
be no other way of effecting a peaceful
settlement.
LONDON. March 21.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of , the Standard mentions a re
port'that'the. allies,. In; the event of the'
failure';, ofj. Emperor .Kwahg Su : to . return
to" Peking; Intend! to, proclaim ' his brother,
Prince'- Chun, as recent.',
Placed in Power.
Brother of ; China's Emperor May Be
FBINCE. , CHUN AS BEGENT.
JJThe ; suggestion that the indemnity
question . be referred ; to a tribunal organ
ized In accordance with the treaty, of The
Hague,'.' he added,' '.'furnished the most
sensible >; solution.' / I hope, it .will "be
adopted.".' ;"; „.
Senator Morgan has submitted a prop
osition to Secretary Hay which he believes
will satisfactorily, dispose of ; the Indem
nity.' question. Thisjs that China be al
lowed ¦ to sell > Manchuria to Russia and
with '' the proceeds liquidate ; the demands
of the other powers. Such surplus as she
will have will' enable her to Institute many
governmental -reforms. • This proposal is
not at all acceptable to the authorities,
because no provision can be made in case
of the alienation of Manchuria for. Amer
ican trade.', Senator Morgan expressed the
opinion to-day, that $25,000,000, which Is the
sum the United States has estimated as
Its, Indemnity,-' is altogether too large.; He
thinks a smaller sum should be de
manded.'
The expenditures of the army and navy
on account of > subsistence, transportation^
etc., foot up more than $5,000,000. The ex
act sum Is not ' available because of the
indisposition , of the authorities to make
It "public at • this time.
/WASHINGTON. March 2O.-China must
pay. for. the lives of the officers and men
killed in the Chinese campaign. This de
cision has been reached by the powers.
' ; In accordance with It, the United States
has Included In ' Its claim for Indemnity
a round v sum for lives lost during' the
operations against Peking. Secretary Root
and : Secretary Long have furnished the
State Department with statements of the
casualties that occurred. The army lost
95 killed- and 177 wounded" and the navy
25 killed and 57 wounded, a total of 120
killed and 254 wounded.
America's Demands on China Foot
Up $25,000,000.
MUST PAY FOR LIVES LOST.
boundary marks. These, however, were
not. respected by the English." . '.
"Count von 'Waldersee's only-mission
was to prevent bloodshed among the allied
troops. ; In - this \ he! has succeeded. Ger
many ' is completely^ neutral [ in /regard i to
England 'and: Russia. -England would' be
"making/a gTeat "mistake^ if 'she: 'believed
that,' because' she ; had) signed an agree-'
ment/wHh us,' Germany is bound to defend
English * interests : . everywhere. We ; only
defend ( our own; Interests* • According (to
Russian reports ¦ there Is no question 'of a'
dispute over Tientsin . territory, fas*' Rus
sia's' title' to the ground isVindisputable.
This '.was clearly ' Indicated'; by J flags and
¦ BERLIN, • March 20.4-A highly^ placed
functionary of the Foreign Office "said to-^
day in' regard to Chinese affairs "that Ger
many gives her - consent to the fixing of
indemnity, internationally j as , proposed by
President 1 Mcklnley.i; He continued:
Russian Dispute.
GERMANY* IS NEUTRAL.
Unwilling to Take Sides in the An'glo-
• At to-day' a conference of foreign Minis
ters general. matters v only were discussed
and no conclusion was arrived at." -
General Balllaud left here this morning
to inquire into ; the conduct of the French
troops at Tientsin^ ' .
PEKING, March 20.— The British rein
forcements, consisting of ninety marines,
which arrived at Tientsin last night from
the Taku forts to replace the Indian
guards," was due to a fear lest ' any; Inci
dent arising out of the Russo-Brltlsh land
question should cause- the ' French troops,
whose - conduct - has given much trouble,
to precipitate a collision. The British
commanders desire. to have enough troops
In Tientsin to preserve order 'in the
streets. .'¦,..'
New Complications.
Sent to Tientsin to. Cope With Any
' The ;Novostl apparently regards the
Russo-Amerlcan understanding as perma
nent, as .the paper does not mention
American competition In Russian terri
tory, which ¦ is stronger than the Anglo-
German competition.
BRITISH: REINTOBCEMENTS.
The NovostI advocates a Russo-Japan
ese alliance, which will assure Japan her
present possessions and a ¦ large market
for her Industrial products In Russian ter
ritory, where they will be. protected
against Anglo-German competition. In
conclusion the article declares this alli
ance Is as Important In the Orient as the
Franco-Russian alliance Is in' the Occi
dent.
ent quotes, a French diplomat as saying
that an Anglo-Russlaji war Is impossi
ble, and that Russia need only threaten
to' support the Boers to bring Great Brit-'
aln to her knees. • ,
ST. PETERSBURG, March 20.— The
Russian press is not alarmed about ' the
Tientsin' affair. There Is' no mention of it
in the official agencies' dispatches, but the
London correspondent ; of the ' ' Novpe
Vremya" characterizes the dispute as un
important.' Another London 'correspond-
Cause England to Weaken.
Threat of Czar, to; Aid Boers} Might
Commenting upon President McKlnley's
proposal that the powers should demand
joint damages from China, each of them
taking a share in the .same,*, the Berliner
Tageblatt points out that Count von Bu
low. speaking in the Reichstag March' 15,
had already declared this to be the best
method, adding that there. exists conse
quently a complete agreement»between* the
German and American points of view.
BUSSIAN PBESS NOT, ALABMED.
The writer, of the review asserts that
Count von Bulow, when complaining last
Friday about the intrigues of prlvate'com
panies in China, meant particularly the
Belgian syndicate which Is now trying to
secure the concession for the railway from
Peking to Hankow. After expressing a
hope . that the Belgians will ¦ fall, because
their success would be at the sreneral ex
pense, the : wrfter says ; the powers will
probably be able ' and willing to ' ''squeeze
this Uny 'Jack In the box' into a corner."
In- an able weekly review the Kreuz
Zeitung mentions a series of Russian ad
vances In the far East, Including the ac
quisition of territory at Hankow, by
means of which Russia Invaded the Yang
tse - district, adding: . "All this England
had to endure because the South African
war paralyzes her aggressive powers."
- "It ¦ -would . be Indeed deplorable If from
a mere local controversy there should
grow up serious differences, because that
would Induce the' Chinese to show greater
powers of resistance."
The Vosslsche Zeltung says that Eng
land cannot afford to engage In a serious
conflict. with Russia. The Kreuz Zeitung,
which takes a similar view, adds: ,
BERLIN, March 20.— In German official
circles It Is asserted that British and Rus
sian guards still occupy the > land In con
troversy at Tientsin and that a satisfac
tory adjustment of the matter may be ex
pected. The press does not consider the
Tientsin incident vital. All the papers ex
press a belief that Great Britain will yield.
ain Must Endure.
Russia's Bold Moves That Great Brit-
ADVANCES IN FAR EAST.
LONDON. March 21.— "Russia's proceed
ings ln.Korea," says the Kobe correspond
ent of the Daily Mall, '.'are nCW openly
aggressive, and it is believed that she is
about to make further demands in connec
tion with Masanpo." i
¥IENTSIN, March 20/11:35 a. m, — After pulling out of the station yesterday afternoon Count von Walciersee's train was brought to a standstill by the phe
nomenal storm of dust which has been blowing since vMonday. Instead of proceeding to Peking Count von Waldersee was therefore compelled to return here for
the night. He refrains, however, from making any further. efforts to adjust the Anglo-Russian conflict.
It now transpires that at the very moment of Count von Waldersee's arrival General Wogack, acting upon instructions from the Russian Imperial
Government, made a formal demand upon General Campbell for the withdrawal of the British, troops 'from. the disputed territory. He - further, demanded • an apology
from the British commander for the alleged trespass of his force. , t
Up to the present time General Wogack has received no reply excepting a simple acknowledgment of the receipt of his demand, which, I am informed, is
couched in language which resembles "an ultimatum. - - *
During the night the British,'. who, had nor white troops here, brought up 500 bluejackets and. marines from Taku by special train. These British forces
are now relieving the Bengal Pioneers in guarding the little half-acre patch of territory, the disputed possession of which has brought two great empires to brink of war.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Htrald-^Copyriffht. 1 - 1901, by the Herald Publishing Company. \*^V,. v.-i.
BY STEPHEN BONSAL. *'*
VERONA, .< Italy. March 20.— In conse
quence of a sudden torrent, which de
stroyed, a dam, the town of Colognola, in
the compartmento of Venetia, was flooded
to-day. A' number of the houses hava
fallen and It is feared that the victims
are numerous. Troops' have left to render
assistance.
X ST. PETERSBURG, March 21.— Another
high official has been shot at. The au
thorities are disposed to suppress news
about this latest attempt at murder, but
It undoubtedly had 'Its origin In the stu
dent disturbances, which have continued
since the shooting of the Minister of Pub
lic Instruction.
ITALIANS LOSE LIFE
IN A FLOODED CITY
1 .
Disturbances in St. Petersburg Neai
ly Cause Assassination of One of
the Czar's Dignitaries.
Mr. Kidder was at one time State Sen
ator from El Dorado County. Since the
recent death of George Fletcher, secre
tary and auditor of the railroad, Mr. Kid
der has been much depressed.
HIGH RUSSIAN OFFICIAL
IN LINE OF A BULLET
GRASS VALLEY, March 20.— Hon. John
F.'- KIdder. State Debris Commissioner
and president of the Nevada County Nar
row-gauge Railroad, is dying at his home
In Nevada City; Dr. Jones, who Is at
tending Mr. Kidder, says he may live sev
eral days, but the end is near at hand.
Relatives and close friends have been
summoned to the bedside.
Relatives Are Summoned to tho
Bedside of the Nevada County
Capitalist
HON. JOHN F. KIDDER
IS NEAR TO DEATH
BOERS FIND
FRESH HOPE
FOR STRIFE
Refusal to Surrender
Due to Britain's
TrouDles.
Reports of Recent Fighting
Sliow Purpose to Con
tinue War.
The libel actions brought against the
Star and Mornlnj? Leader by Arthur
Chamberlain, brother of Joseph Chamber
lain, in connection with War Office con
tracts, was begun yesterday In the King's
Bench Court before the Lord Chief Jus
tice. Lord Alverstcne. The plaintiffs
claim damage for serious attacks on their
commercial integrity, including the state
ment that they have stooped to improper
means in order to obtain contracts against
the Interests of the public service.
B. A. Hawkesley, In behalf of "Wehrner.
Beit & Co., has. brought suit for slander
against Arthur B. Markham, M. P., who
in the House of Commons, during the dis
cussion of the composition of the Trans
vaal concessions commission, asserted
that the commission was made up of per
sons affiliated with several of the great
South African companies and character
ized Belt's firm as "not being more nor
less than a gang of common thieves and
swindlers," expressly announcing that ho
was willing to forego the immunities af
forded by a speech in Parliament. With
the view of making Markham live up to
his promise the present suit is brought. \
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Mall says that he learns on good
authority that the British Government
will adopt the dual language system In the
new colonies, a decision, which, he adds,
will cause disappointment In Cape Town.
Comment Causes Suits for Slander.
A Cape Town special says: J. P. Mln
aber, S. Minaber and J. A. Neuwoudt were
shot at De Aar last evening for treason
and murder In pursuance of the sentence
of a court-martial. The death sentence
was passed a week ago, in connection with
the wrecking of a train near Tatsbosch, by
whfch five ' men "were killed. General
Kitchener confirmed the verdict. 'The
garrison was paraded and the prisoners
were led out at sunset Death was In
stantaneous. A Dutch minister and rela
tives remained with the prisoners until
the end. Two others concerned In the
train wrecking were sentenced to five
years* penal servitude.
Shot for Treason and Murder.
pays Colonel Gorringe's force engaged,
Krttzinger's commando of Boers or*
March 15. The latter lost nine men killed
and had seven men -wounded. The British
los.« was one man killed and ten wounded.
"iv i : • : '¦ ¦ ¦—..-. ¦ ¦ *
A special from Durban says: Owing to
the Klip River being flooded. General
Campbell's column has been unable to re
turn to Standerton. from which point it
went to bring away the garrison at Vrede.
which the- British evacuated. The column
had heavy fighting going and coming
from Vrede. General Campbell has about
200 sick and wounded. .There are many
bands of roving Boers In the neighbor
hood of Standerton.
A special from Cradock. Cape Colony,
LONDON*. March 21.— Great Britain's
troubles in the Far Cast are believed here
to havo given the struggling Boers fresh
hope. In fact, the refusal of General
Botha to accept the peace terms offered
by General Kitchener is said by the "West
minster Gazette to b« due to the present
complications In China. The Gazette says
the powers are at sixes and sevens in tha
Far East, and that any day may see the
commencement of a hard struggle from
which the Boers may recover their own.
The failure of the peace negotiations
means that the military position In South
Africa la not yet decisive.
Bteel Company Financier and His
Bich Friends Prepare to Erect
a Costly Edifice.
NEW YORK. March 20.— John W. Gates
of the TTnlled States Steel Corporation
and his friends Intend to erect a hotel
which will rival anything of the kind in
New York in magnificence, if not in size.
It will cost $2,000,000 and will be built upon
a lot that is valued at little less than
f i.ooo.ooo.
This hotel will be erected on the south
east corner of Fifth avenue and Flfty
cecond street- The site adjoins the new-
Union Club house and was part of the
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum. The
block was sold to the Barney Sheldon
Syndicate. Marble will be the material
used and on all its four sides elevations
cf building will be equally handsome. If
the present plans are carried out the
bunding will be eighteen stories high and
marble only will be used from the ground
floor to the roof. • •
hospital under the auspices of the Manila
Board of Health. There Is also a leper
hospital at Cebu. A board of army officers
was recently detailed to investigate sev
eral Islands for the purpose of selecting a
eultable one for & leper colony, the Inten
tion being to deport all cases of leprosy to
this place for segregation and isolation.
I think In a few mouths they will have
been established."
GATES WILL BUILD
AN ENOBHOUS HOTEL
¦WASHINGTON. March 20.— J. C. Perry
of the United States marine hospital ser
vice, chief quarantine officer for the Phil
ippine Islands, has made a report to Sur
geon General Wyman on leprosy ltt the
islands. Among other things he says:
"Leprosy is widely prevalent throughout
the entire archipelago. The greatest num
ber of cases exist In Southern Luzon 'an 1
the southern Islands. Itis quite prevalent
In Cebu. the number of leper* being esti
mated at 2900. The total number of cases
In the islands Is estimated at 20,000, but
the actual number Is not known.
"The cases in Manila and the surround
ing country are Isolated In a substantial
Quarantine Officer B«portsThat There
Are About Twenty Thousand
Cases of the Disease.
LEPERS AEE NUMEROUS' ')V
IN THE PHILIPPINES
MINE OWNERS
OF ILLINOIS
WILL COMBINE
FormingBigCompany
to Fight Union
Workers.
Projectors Represent Nine
Hundred Coal Mines and
$75,000,000.
MAESILLON. O., March 20.— At a dele
gate convention of miners of the Mas
fillon District to-day it was decided to
call a Ftrike next Monday if their de
mands for an eight-hour work <lay for
the coal-hoisting engineers and the adop
tion of a "straight away screen" are not
granted. The delegates to the conven
tion represented 2150 miners.
Ohio Miners to Strike.
The project, it is said, was quietly dis
cus««ed fit the recent meeting of the Illi
nois Coa! Operators" Association and ap
proved by leading mine owners of the
State. Agents were tent to Pittsburg to
rtudy the workings of the combination
which controls 95 per cent of the mines in
that district. These agents report that
the plan works Fuccessfully. It gives tMe
I»:ttsburg operators special advantages in
handling large contracts— advantages not
possessed by individual operators. Ono
contract aJone called for 590.000 tons, but
•with the orders distributed among the
mines controlled by the combination. It
was filled without delay.
"With the mines of Illinois in a similar
combination, the operators think they will
be In a position to fill similar contracts.
President Mitchell Active. '
SCRAXTON. Pa.. March 20.— President
Mitchell was In conference with the three
district presidents during the forenoon
end afternoon, but the business tran
sacted wa» not made public. President
Mitchell will remain in the city to-mor
row and will continue his headquarters
until some communication Is received
from the presidents of the coal companies,
in which event the national and district
presidents may Journey to the metropolis.
President Mitchell. In responding- to a
query, paid: "All the invitations drawn
up at the conference of Tuesday between
the three district presidents end myself
are now in the hands of the presidents of
the coal companies. They were mailed
Tuesday evening."
He refused to make public a copy of the
communication.
Copying Pittsburg Method.
The project contemplates the formation
of a single company with a capital of.
$75,000,000. controlling more than K)D mines
throughout the State. The total product
of these mines last year was, in round
numbers. €0,OO*\OOO tons, and they gave em
ployment to £7,000 men, not Including of
fice help.
SPRHCGFIELD. 111.. March 20.-A
movement is said to be on foot among the
leading- coal operators of Illinois to con
solidate the ccal producing interests of
the State into one company. A meeting
•will be held In Chicago soon to perfect
plar.s for the consolidation. The object
of the enterprise is to reduce the expenses
cf production and to fortify the operators
against the miners' organization, vrhlch
has gained cuch strength of late as to
be able to assume a dictatorial position
i*j the matter of vages.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1901 .
PRICE F1YE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 111.
This Action Is Taken Upon Instructions From the St.. Petersburg Government, but the
Only Notice of It by Great Britain Is to Hurry Reinforcements—America Ready to
Offer Good Offices™ Russia and Japan Reported to Be Rushing Warships to Korea
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.composed of the .following sturdy tuggers:
A. Guljermovich (anchorman). B. Pero
vich, M. Vieini. J. Buljermovich. A. Obu
jen. G. Schultz, F. Mohler. P. Martinelli,
H. A. Ernie and W. Neustatter.
Tho apparatus used Is that which saw
so much service during the Midwinter
Fair In San Francisco when the interna
tional tug 'of -war contests were the topic
of the hour. It was purchased at a cost
of nearly $100.
The following residents of Santa Clara
acted as officers of the day: President—
D. O. Druffel; vice presidents— A. Bloclc,
L. W. Bond. George Brav, N. H. Down
ing, John Eberhard, A. V. FaUo, Dr. G.
W. J. Fowler, J. Flannery, D. Henderson,
I. Herrinsrton. E. Jordan. Rev. A. L. Kel
logg. L. M. Kimberlin. H. O. F. Menton,
H. D. Menton Sr.. J. C. McPherson. C. E.
Moore, Dr. S. Oberdeener, R. T. Pierce,
H. A. Pflster, J. G. Robinson. John Roll,
I. Ruth. Professor L. R. Smith, Dr. E. H.
Smith. Dr..W. H. "Warburton, Dr. G. H.
"Worrell, Philip . Sheehy, Manuel Careira.
Patrick Concannon, Francis Farry, F. S.
Wldney; A. C. Gage, Eecretary.
Victors on Cinder Path.
The forenoon -track events and their
winners were as follows:
100-yarfl dash, seniors— Won bv Devlne.
¦ 109 yards, handicap, Juniors— Won by Dunn.
Broad Jump, seniors — Won by ; Fleming-, 18
feet S inches. ¦ - .
-- Broad Jump, Juniors— Won by St rub, 16 feet
6 Inches.
Putting- the shot, ' seniors— Won by Magee, 34
feet ( inches.
. Pole vault, ' seniors-^Won by Fleming. '
Htgn Jump, seniors— Won by R. McSwaln, 5
feet. : • . ¦:¦..¦.¦-.-¦,:„
Handicap, 75 yards, mldg-ets — Won by Robero.
Handicap, 100 yards, . seniors — Won by P.
Regan.
The afternoon was given over to citi
zens' games, and an .immense ' crowd
watched each' event 1 and cheered the win
ner. The eventsand the victors in them
were as follows:' ';.;>'¦.' -
¦ Three'-legged race. Juniors— Queveddo and
Bullock. ¦ -
of Santa Clara, which had been prac
tically, deserted all day. .
In the evening the same crowd, re
freshed and - seeking further pleasure,
crowded the college hall to suffocation
and cheered each successful' athlete
heartily as he marched Up- to get his
prize. - • >* " i
• The distribution of prizes was preceded
by an address by Mayor D. O. Druffel of
Santa Clara. The 'speaker modestly pref
aced his remarks with comments on his
inability as an orator, which he imme
diately proceeded to disprove by deliver
ing an exceedingly Interesting little
speech, in wLlch he said everything. that
was to be sal'1 in an eloquent manner.
He told of the early history of Santa
Clara and from what beginnings the city
had grown. He sketched Its struggles to
become a municipality and the difficulties
which the incorporators found themselves
called upon to face. The speaker found
In this fiftieth anniversary much cause
for congratulation. Such events, he said,
it was which brought to a city prosperity
and union.
Other numbers on the programme were:
Instrumental music' by the Santa Clara
College Band; a vocal solo by Laura Lln
ville; songs by Charles Donnelly: a cor
net solo by J.' Ryan. In conclusion the
audience sang ''Hall Columbia," thus
ending in a -fitting manner one of the
most striking celebrations In the history
of the State.
The officers of the evening were: Presi
dent, D. O. Druffel; vice presidents, A.
.Block. L. W. Bond. George Bray, N. H.
Downing, John Eberhard, A. V. ¦ Fatjo,
Dr." Q. "W. Fowler.. J. Flannery, • D. . Hen
derson. I. Herrington. E. Jordan. Rev. A.
L. Kellopg. L. M. Kimberlin, Dr. H. O.
Menton, H. D. Menton 8r..J, C.McPher
son.Q. ¦ E. Moore. Dr. S.sOberdener. R. T.
Pierce. H. A. - Pflster. J. O. Robinson,
John Roll, I. Ruth, Professor L. R. Smith,
Dr. E. H. Smith, Dr. H. H. Warburton.
Dr. G. AVorrall, Philip Sheehy. Manuel
Careira, Patrick Concannon, Francis Far
ry, Robert Fatjo; ,T. P." Cunningham. F.
S. Wldney; secretary, A." C. Gage.
W. J. Fowler, Dr. G. H. Worrell, Clemente
A roues.
Marshal second division. Henry J. Eberhard;
aids— Lucas Downing; Henry Eberhard.
Marshal third division." John Roll; aids— D. J.
Flanncry, Dr. H. O. F. Menton.
Field marshal" — R. Rucker. A. Spence. Hugh
Mentcn. E. B. Blajrini. A. Koehle. M. 8herry.
T. Graham, D. I. Maddox. I. Kophle. Dr. H.
O. F. Menton, Lucas Downing, Henry Eber
hard. . .
Commitee of arrangements — Philip Sheeny.
Manuel Carrea. Patrick Concannon, j Robert
Fatjo. Francis Farry, secretary-
The street parade was picturesque and
attractive. It was arranged in this order:
First division— Santa C'ara Collegre band;
Grand Marshal H. A. Pfl»*«r and aida; stu
dents of the college, president of the'colleire
and faculty In carriages; officers of the day in
carrlanres.
Becond division — Marine band ;' Marshal J. J.
Kfoerhexd and aids; Tannery tugr-of-war team;
Santa Clara High School and representatives
of other schools : pupils of 'public schools;
scholars of Academy of Notre Dame.
Third division— Marshal John Roll and aids;
Mill tug-of-war team: employes of mills and
tannery; Santa Clara Fire Department; citizens
In carriages.
The most Interesting section was that
comprised of the Spanish "residents, who
were attired in their, picturesque native
costumes, topped off by the characteristic
sombrero. .
Tests of Speed and Strength.
Tn the forenoon and afternoon all sorts
of games were played on the Sodality
campus. There were running races and
high Jumping and long leaping. The
greatest Interest clung about the. tug of
war contests. The team from the Pacific
Manufacturing Company's mill was cap
tained by H.- E. Perks.* and • the lineup
was as follows: Thomas Graham
(anchorman). John Collins, Bert Tregon-
Ing, Charles Bell. Louis Carbonl. Carl An
derson, George Wanderer, W. Coulter, C.
Elliott. Ike Lipsett.C. King and Fred
Fowler. -r.v .
The team from the Eberhard tannery
was in charge of Captain Shaw and was
ST. LOUIS, March 20.— H. Charles Hum
phreys, tenor singer, ' leader of the choir
at the Second Baptist Church and* a well
known society man, committed suicide In
his studio to-day. ' No cause for the act
la known.* The revolver with .which the
deed was committed was found lying be
side the Einger's body, which had fallen
In . front of the piano.* • Life was : extinct
when 'the -Janitor discovered the body.' A
sealed note, addressed to. the dead man's
widowed mother, was on the stand near
Well-Known Singer of ,St
Louis Commits Suicide
in a Studio.
SANTA CLARA. March £0.-Some
one has said that time Is measured
by events, not by periods. If this
be true, almost a decade must
have been poised by the Inhabi
tants of Santa Clara In the past two
days, The plaza opposite the sleepy old
Gray clock tower of. the college has been
turned Into a baseball ground, and where
vaqueros may once have reined their
prancing bronchos yoUng fellows tried
wind and muscle on the running track,
and the crack of the starter a pistol
owoke the echoes of the dormitory build-
Ings.
And the little town adjacent was lively
with the chatter of gay throngs. Early
this morning, before 8 o'clock, the rattle
of a drum corps aroused the sluggards In
the village. It was the greatest day
Santa Clara has known— this, the second
session, so to speak, of tho great fiftieth
anniversary of the foundation of Santa
Clara College. More tjian 10,000 persona
thronged the streets. This morning's
trains from north and south brought
scores of visitors. San Jose alone Is es
timated to have cent 2500 of her residents
to the celebration. All sorts of vehicles
bore them, from the prototype of the
venerable and historic "one-hoss shay" to
the modern runabout, sleek with red
paint. • .'
Parade Moves Promptly.
Around the old towers of the college
centered the chief point of Interest, de
spite the" fact that - this was considered
"town day." Father Kenna and the
faculty were all astir bright and early.
The movements of the parade might have
supplied an example to many -a city
pageant." Contrary to all precedent, the
flrst columns moved off punctually at the
appointed hour. The various division
marshals assembled at 8:30 o'clock and a
half hour later the pageant left tho so
dality campus and moved along the
crowded streets.
The officers of the day were:
Grand marshal, II. A. Pflster; aids— Dr. G.
ANDS HIS LIFE
AT HIS PIANO
niGH) WAHINGTOir LAWS
ASTONISH SPOBTINO CULSSES
Sweeping Provisions of a Bill for
Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
SEATTLE. March 23.-One of the most
remnxkable bills passed by the Washing
ton Legislature this year is one disguised
hy the title of "Prevention of Cruelty to
Ar.!ma!s." The sporting classes were
clearly outwitted, and when they discov
ered to-day the true Import of the meas-
lire thej- almost went into hysterics.
According to the provisions of the bill.
It is unlawful to be present at a dog
fight or cocking main, or to train doge
ar.d cocks to fight, or to even rent prera
ir 's for such exhibitions.
t Is a criminal offense to cut on a
h rsp's tail, tj overdiive an animal or
U» i check reins or harn<r«:s*-s that gall.
Agents of humane societies are given
the right to interfere to prevent cruelty
to animals and make arrests without war
jants. All fines are donated to the so
cieties prosecuting the cases. A fine of
not more than $150 or imprisonment In the
County Jail not to exceed sixty days, or
both fine and imprisonment, may be In
flicted.
?
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES
FEAR A WAR IN RATES
Bobert Dollar Believed to Intend Slic
ing the Alaskan Route
Schedules.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 20.— Local
Fte&mshlp companies running vessels to
Eka;ruay claim that a rate war Is immi
nent with the establishment of the pro
posed line of boats between Vancouver
end SkaRri;ay by the Robert Dollar Steam-
Fhip Company of San Francisco. Dollar
has offered to place the steamers Robert
Dollar and a new vessel just completed
on the route on the payment by the city
of a Fubsidy of S3000. This undoubtedly
¦will be airrepd to by the City Council.
Other companies fear that Dollar has
In view a curtinsr in rates to Northern
points in defiance of the present agree
ment of all the companies Interested, and
consider it not improbable that the com
panies owninjr the City of Seattle. Vic
torian and other large vessels will put
down rates in order to shut the lesser
companies out of the field.
Place for Stanford Graduate.
SEATTLE. March 20.—Professor R. "W.
Doane of the blolopical department of the
State Agricultural College has received an
appointment from Fish Commissioner A.
L.. little as superintendent of the scien
tific experiment work authorized by the
Ix-pislnturp. and which was provided for
by an appropriation of 510.600. He has re
eipned from the college faculty and will
commence the work on April 1. He has
been with the Agricultural College for
five years and 1b a graduate of Stanford.
SENATOR BARD
RETURNS HOME
Talks of Congressional Ac
tion Affecting This
State.
Bays President McKinley Is Enthusi
astic Over His Forthcoming
Sojourn in Cali
fornia
Epedal Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, March 20.— United
Elates Senator Thomas R. Bard arrived
to-day from Washington and will ppend
the next few days resting- at his home In
this city. Later he will go to his. home at
Hueneme and then Into Arizona, where he
has large mining interests that require his
attention. His business' disposed of.
Benator Bard will take his family into
the Santa Crux Mountains for a few
weeks' among the redwoods. The Senator
Is In excellent health. Of patronage he
liap nothlnsr to say for the reason that
nothing is decided. Said he this evening:
We— Senator Perkins and I— have made no
recommendations nor have we conferred upon
the Question of patronage. There are a num
l#r cf candidates (or the prospective vacancies
end they are all working hard, but for some
time there will be no announcement made.
Southern California Buffered materially by
the unwarranted killing of the river and har
bcr bill. After much hard work Senator F*f*"
lcins and I succeeded In getting through an
appropriation of $146,000 for outside harbor
work at Sen Pedro, but the harbor bill car
ried down with It an appropriation of $112,000
for inside harbor work, ene for $150,000 for
Sacramento River and another for $612,000 for
Oakland harbor. However, there Is small
tioubt that ail of tht*e items will c° through
ct the r.ext wsslon. 6an Pedro Is a fight with
::•< now and always ehall be.
The "scrippers" f.pht In Washington at
tracted widespread attention. Of course, we
have no Information as to what the decision
cf the Department of the Interior will be,
but I have sounded ' the department and am
free to say that individual sentiment Is largely
!n favor of the petroleum locators. Pending
the decision, all mining: legislation came to
en end. The mining legislation offered by
Senator Perkins I was In favor of at first, but
later I eaw that it was likely to dispossess
many poor mining: men whose claims were
meritorious. I refer to that bill which pro
claim should be demonstrated within a year
er forfeiture ensue.
I «aw President McKlnley a day or bo before
J left Washington and found him enthuriastlc
upon his prospective trip to the coast. At the
came time I learned that Pasadena. Pomona
end my own town. Ventura, had been left out
B( the itinerary. I had the President's secre
tary look up the invitations and the three
towns were put down upon the programme im
mediately.
Iwar.t to arlve this bit of advice to thos»
Callfomians .who will meet the President: It
trill be the best possible opportunity to ac
oualnt him with the desire of the people on
the coast for the construction of the Nlcar
eguan canal. The President bases his line of
• rtlon upon public opinion and everybody
fhould unre upon him the desire of the Btat»
tor the canal. It looks now very much as
though the project would co through. Eng
land has imored and rebuffed us in the mat
ter and the temper at Washlnrton Inclines
Ftronglr toward building the canal Independ
ently cf any one.
TEN THOUSAND VISITORS JOIN SANTA CLARA
CITIZENS IN THE GOLDEN JUBILEE FESTIVITIES
Striking Pageant Threads the Streets of the Gollege Town, Young Athletes Test
Their Speed and Strength on -the Sodality dampus, and a Splendid Enter
tainment in the Evening Brings the Semi-Centennial Celebration to a Close
Three-legged race, midgets— Graham and
Strabalo.". ¦-,. . .. . ...
. Sack race, Juniors — Condon.
" Sack race.', mldgvta — Galvln.
Potato race, " midgets — J. Jones.
§ Obstacle race, midgets— Cantell. -
Egg race, midgets— Reno.
440- yard run, seniors— I vancovich.
Tugr-of-war — Santa Clara High . School ?¦.
Santa Clara College — The college won. "
Tug-of-war, mill vs. tannery— Th« team from
the Pacific - Manufacturing Company . was. after
a long, hard struggle.
By the time the games were over the
shadows ' had - begun . to ' \ lengthen; I and
home-seeking : crowds, ' tired out by - the
day's enjoyment, but thoroughly happy
and good-natured, began to fill the streets
Nome Newspaper Advocates
Infliction. of Capital
Punishment
DEATH PENALTY
FOR DOG THIEVES
fornia Pioneers.
Canines In the Northern Goldflelds
as Valuable to Their Owners aa
Were Horses to the Cali-
Several citizens advocated the use of
the rope as a. preventive of such -theft.
The Gold Digger, as the editor remarked,
gave publicity to the statements for such
weight as they would of themselves car
ry. The question Is said to have attract
ed considerable attention, as dog stealing
had reached such a point that miners
with dog team3 had to be careful about
locking the canines up. else they wouM
awaken In the morning 1 to find the ani
mals gone.
Very f«w people want to s«« th» "cravat"
made a punishment to be meted out to do?
thieves here, but at the same time the most
reputable citizens believe that dog stealing,
when properly proved, should b« recognized as
a htlncus offense and punished accordingly.
They have a summary way of dealing with
horse thieves in frontier towns and It is won
derful what a determining effect a fear of *et
tlnsr his neck otretchpd has upon a man who
otherwise would forget the difference between
his own and his neighbor's horses— in this
case, dogs.
SEATTLE, March JO.-Lato Nome ad
vices tell of a strange position In which
the Northern mine operators have been
placed through the avarice and greed of.
those people who will not work, but steal
for a living. Great trouble has been ex
perienced with dogr thieves, and dogs In
Alaska represent the same value to the
owners as horses do in the States. The
chances are that dog thieves will be treat
ed the same as horse thieves were treated
In the early days on the frontier; that Is.
when caught they will be hanged with
out parley.
In an editorial which calls for the pun
ishment of dos thieves the Nome Gold
Digger says:
Special Dts-patcb to Tb* Can.
SAN JOSE, March 20.— A compromise
has been reached In the $30,000 damage
suit brought by "\y. L. Erkson against the
Light and Power Company for the death
of William Lloyd Erkson. a young son.
which resulted from a shock received
from a wire of the corporation. The boy
was playing back of King Conservatory
and caught hold of an electric wire that
had /alien. He died in agony a few days
later, after both arms had been ampu
tated. The settlement was a cash consid
eration, but how much the parties refuse
to divulge.
Demands Damages of Railroad.
SAN RAFAEL. March 20.— Suit was
commenced to-day In the Superior Court
by Deslderlo Garzoll against the North
Pacific Coast Railroad for J25.000 as dam
ages for personal injuries alleged to have
sustained by the plaintiff In an accident on
the road at Larkspur on February 7.
Damage Suit Compromised.
SAN JOSE, March 2O.-Twenty-elght
thousand dollars Is the amount at which
a- Jury In Judge Rhodes* court to-day as
sessed the damages sustained by Miss Lil
lian Steffanl by reason of the negligence
of the Southern Pacific Company In al
lowing hoodlums to tnrow rocks Into Its
cars and injure passengers. Miss Steffanl,
while a passenger on a train from San
Francisco on May 7, 1899. was hit by a
rock thrown from a passing excursion
train. The missile struck her on the left
temple. -She was rendered unconscious
and remained so for some days. Her
health was impaired and she has been an
invalid ever since. The girl's lower limbs
are paralyzed nr.d she is subject to epi
leptic fits. A strong point In her favor
was that she was treated by a railroad
physician. .
Miss Steffani sued the railroad company
for $50,000. D. M. Ekelmas and Attorney
Jannan appeared for her. The point
raised In the cage was that the railroad
company was responsible for the acts of
passengers on tre train when their acts
affected other passengers.
¦ The case was jriven to the Jury at 11
o'clock; this morning, and an hour later
It returned a verdict giving Miss Steffani
$28,000. A stay of thirty days was granted
the defendant.' and the railroad company
will appeal from the Judgment.
Miss Steffanl's case Is an especially sad
one. For the gre'ater part of last night
she was unconscious: suffering from an
unusually hard epileptic stroke. It is said
that she will be an Invalid all her life.
JURY ASSESSES
HEAVY DAMAGES
Miss Steffani Gets $28,000
Verdict Against South
ern Pacific.
Rock Thrown Through a Car Window
' by a Hoodlum Makes the
Young* "Woman Invalid
. for Lire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cram's Superior Atlas of
the "World, edition of 1901, of
fered to Call readers at the
premium price of $1.50, is a
beautiful book and is full of
fine maps, statistical informa
tion, census, etc. You cannot
find a more useful or reliable
book of reference than Cram's
Superior Atlas. Bo not be in
duced to consider any other
Atlas until you nave exam
ined Cram's Atlas. A sample
book can be examined at Call
Business Office.
IT WILL ADORN YOUR
LIBRARY
OR READING-ROOM.
SAN DIEGO. M*rch 20.— The Pacifi.-J
Coast flagship. Iowa, with Rear Admiral
Casey on board, sailed this morning for
San Francisco. Sh-s will remain at that
port three or four ilays and then proceed
to Port, Orchard to go on the dry dock.
Th* Iowa Is Returning.
"WOODLAND. March 20.— All quaran
tines have been ra!red. both at the Yol<-»
orchard and the County Hospital, an!
the Board of Health haa given official
notification that smallpox no longer ex
ists In the county.
Smallpox Is Stamped Out.
SAN JOSE, March 20.— The women's)
auxiliary to the general committee of the
rose" carnival to be held In San Jose May
13. 14 and 13 to welcome President McKln
ley held a meeting this afternoon to per
fect organization and to discuss plans for
the proper decoration of St. James Park.
Mrs. E. O. Smith was elected chairman.
Carjtaln A, B. Cash, the commander of
the Uniform Rink. Knights of Pythias of
this citv. and a veteran of the civil war.
has been appointed. to the responsible po
sition of marshal of the day. He will have
superintendence of the great parade on
the 13th and will select a corps of eight
to assist him. .
At the kindergartens throughout tho
city the children are engaged In cultivat
ing the b»»ds of sweet peas and carna
tions which wilL be used In the decoration
of their float and as offerings to the Pres
ident. The little ones take enthusiastical
ly to the grrden work and keep the flower
beds remarkably free from weeds. Fifty
of the children from the kindergartens
have taken full charge of nearly an aer»
nt ground In Normal Square an/1 have la
bored unceasingly since the planting or
the seeds. - '-^-
at San Jose's Boie
"TV:*: .'Carnival.
CAPTAIN" CASH WILL BE
TvrA-naTTAT, OP '»' " "* DAY
Placed in Charge of the Floral Parada
NAPA. March 20.— .Tames Phillips, a na
tive of Ireland, aged 45 years, was In
stantly killed to-day by falling from the
high seat of a lumber wagon. His neck
was broken. A wife and three small chil
dren survive him.
Neck Broken by a Fall.
mento In the Thross of a
Scandal.
SACRAMENTO, March 20.— Miss Rob
ertson, a young colored woman! caused to
be circulated a story that the pastor of
the African Methodist Church of this city,
Rev. J. L. Whitney, had sought to take
unwarranted liberties with her and she de
clared to some of the flock that on one oc
casion when, she -visited tho church alone
the pastor had actually kissed" her. The
story has caused considerable of a flut
ter In local colored- circles and an investi
gation has been called by the pastor
himself, who declares that there Is noth
lnK.ln the t tatements of the young woman
further than he touched her on the
shoulder In a fatherly fashion. It-ap^
pears that Miss Robert-son has recanted
all that she had said, with the exception
of the statement that she received a pas
toral kiss.
Rev. Mr. Whitney makes the following
statement concerning the affair:
Some time asro my -wife and I were discuss
ing the matter of arranging for an Easter
celebration, and In going over th« material at
our command we found that we did not have a
sufficient number of yountr women to success
fully carry out the programme we had under
consideration. I then wrote to San Francisco
for suitable Eastern Sunday-school exercises
und secured a very elaborate service. But
here again I was confronted with the old ob
stable—our Sunday-school did not have In Irs
membership enough . young women to execute
it.
My wife then suggested that I endeavor to
Induce come young women, even if not mem
bers of our church or Sunday-School, to assist
us. "With this end in view I called at the
home of two young women, both of whom
were out at the time. Later one of them called
at the parsonage to see about the Easter ser
vice. - V
My wife hud rone out for a few minutes
and I asked the youn* woman to take a seat.
After a few minutes I suggested that she neej
not wait lonjrir. but could call at a later date
to arrange with my wife for th« nervices.
Now. I have a habit «f tapping a person
llKhtly on the shoulder. It's really not an In
discretion, for It's wholly habit with me. As
the young woman arose to leave I tapped her
upon the shoulder, and expressed the hone that
she would be able to aislst us. thanked her for
the interest she had shown, and that's all
there whs to it.
African Methodist Church of Sacra-
YOUNG WOMAN CLAIMS . kC
• THE P Ait SON KISSED HEB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY , MABCH 21, 1901.
If You Have ¦ Dyspepsia
8end no money.but write Dr.Shoop.RacIne.WU.,
boxl27,for six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid, ir cured.pay J3.B0-lf not.lt Is free*
Oklahoma Girl Shot.
; GUTHRIE, O.T.," March 20.— Miss Pearl
Colleasure was shot this evening, and her
life is despaired of. She was hit, with a
bullet from a t^in while standing on the
porch. ' \". :
make a stand and a .volley from the. res
cuers was fired above their head* to
frighten them. One man was shot In the
arm and another received a bullet- in the
leg.- This cowed the others and they sur
rendered.: without* further trouble. The
¦iguardg were first sent to the top, the •con
victs following as quickly as.they could be
rounded up.- Many of .the convicts had
hidden In the different tunnels and it was
after midnight before all .were found. "
. The convicts had Kone for. twenty-four
hours practically, without food and were
elad * to reach the top. : At the : peniten
tiary each- man "was given but a cud- of
coffee : and n few . slices -of bread, -This
served as the'beirinninff of their punish
ment.' Warden : Tomllnsonsays he will
punish the ringleaders severely and all
.will be kept - In ', confinement- for a while.-
The two men shot by the guards were not
badly, hurt. :," None of; the fifteen guards
held under ground are any the worse for
their. experience.-* - '
.¦ The wounded men are Ralph Clark." un
der a. twenty-yen r Hentence for . highway
robbery, who will -have ?opnffpr the am
putation of i an* arm.' and; Alfred HatneM.
serving ten years for, manslaughter. Hat
field . received ;n flesh ~ wound In the ¦ leg. :
by, with another to the Janitor, asking:
him to; deliver the first.
Humphreys, who was 32 years old, waa
well knriwn In musical circles throughout
the country as an oratorio singer of.abil
ity. He was unmarried. . His farewell
letter to his- mother was . delivered : soon
after being found. It read as follows:
"Dearest Mother— May God In his In
finite mercy 'and wisdom guide you and
Mster and .sustain you In every trial.
Your loving son, • CHARLES."
Humphreys' musical associates say his
health has been declining: for six months."
"With the decline In health came a de
cline In hin voice," *ald one of Mr, Hum
phreys' friends. "This was a great blow
to him, but I could not Bay positively that
It was the cause of his. suicide." '
LEAVEN WORTH, March 2O.-At 2
o'clock this morning the last of tho 284
mutinous j convict miners : was ' taken \ from
the penitentiary pit at Lansing and placed
behind 5 prison: bars." :.
v It; was ; learned ito-dayvthat 'two ; of the
convicts • had • been V- shot and -~- wounded
slightly by the - first : cagef ul of guards
that descended. Into the pit last night to
rescue the fifteen guards held as hostages.'
When the cage reached the bottom of the
pit ' a number of the convicts attempted , to
Kansas Mutineers Surrender
When Guards Open Fire
in the Pit. -
BULLETS AWE
CONVICT MINERS
SCENES ATTENDING THE SECOND DAY'S FESTIVITIES OF SANTA' CLARA COLLEGE'S JUBILEE.
2
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
AFTER EFFECTS OF GRIP.
Itself.
Are Often More Serious Than the Grip
Physicians arid grip sufferers alike are
agreed that tho after effects of the dis-
ease are more *o be frared than the acute
attack: you can never be sure that the
disease has left the system completely.
Ia Grippe naturally attacks the weakest
organ and leaves It still weaker.
Not only pneumonia, consumption, bron-
chitis and throat trouble follow the grip,
but kidney, liver and stomach are trou-
bles just as liable to result, provided any
of these organs should happen to be In a
w^ak condition at the time of attack.
To get rid c,t the grip germ, to get it en-
tirely out of the system and blood, few
remedies are po good and none safer than
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. They are not a
compound of powerful and dangerous <
drugs, but a pleasant, palatable, conve-
nient remedy In tablet form, composed of
the wholesome antiseptic principles of eu-
calyptus bark, blood root and - similar
frcfmlcide remedies, which are perfectly
wholesome and harmless to the system,
but death lo the germs of grip, catarrh,
consumption ind diseases of the throat
and air passages.
Mrs. Charles Gormley of Memphis says:
1/wst winter an attack of the grip left me
yrt*h wmk back, a persistent cough and
)o£B of flesh and appeUte, and after using
various remedies for several months with
little or no Improvement I finally bought
a 60-c«»nt package of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets at my drugstore, and aa they were
pleasant and convenient to take 1 used
them at all times of day or night, and I
was astonished to secure such fine results
from so pleasant and convenient a medi-
cine. In two weeks my cough disap-
peared, my appetite returned. I Improved
In flesh and color, and no one would now
think that I had ever had such a thing as
the grip. ...
My druggist told me he sold more of
Etuart's Catarrh Tablets for -the* cure of
grip, colds and catarrh than any other
similar medicines.
To • Oura}av.Obld;in;Ono: Day.
Take * Laxative Bromo-Quinla» ITablaU. . Uo. •
p Hawes Hats 1 !
s*> w _ ' «_ --¦*¦-.'*' * f • •¦#•*'**'* p HMV
We wish to announce \to the many fnends or
r| H awes' Hats and to other men who appreciate good ||j
hats that our spring line is now in and we are pre- ki
pared to show Derbys in six different shapes and |:|
Jjm four colors, and Fedoras in four shapes and six colors, fj
m Every hat bears the union* label and sells for i|j
I 00 1
Out-of-town orders filled — write as. Lj
8 6-N\V0QiHfP ; 1
P 718 Market Street. BPosition of On« Provisional Com
mander in -Chief /Made'; Permar v
nent - by^ England's } Kingl . ,^
LONDON', ? March . 21.— King Edward -has
approved the appointment of General Sir
Arthur Pcwer Palmer j as ; "commander : t in
chief,; of the -forces;, in <¦ India."; /.General
Palmer "has - been provisional - commander
In' chief. This: disposes of -the f rumors
pointing to Lord Kitchener or ithe 'Duke
of Connaught for. the post.,
PALMER IS SELECTED —
TO COMMAND IN INDIA
; Seeks Rest in California.
LOS ANGELES, March 20.— E. Dickin
son, general manager of the Union Pa
cific Railroad Conuany, arrived in Los
Angeles yesterday in his private car. He
was accompanied by Otto Gramm and N.
K. Boswell of Laramle, Wyo., and Miss
Vwnce of Omaha, Mr. Dickinson's west
ward trip is of no significance from a rail
road standpoint- He is out for rest and
recreation.
; PORTLAND. Or.; ; March ! 20.-^-The Port
land' brewery employes .went on'-strike to
day.'-'-The"; men's -, places 4 were* filled . af te;
some * delay.' a however,' and the '. brewerie:
worked'bnifull time.'
Breweryv Employes Strike.
CHICAGO. March; 21.— "Bull" Flaherty,:
a local' saloon-keeper, made an attempt to
slug Champion' Fighter * Jim Jeffries, but
wound up r by ¦ having, a couple of ; bis . ribs
broken.. The encounter ; took place In
front of the Academy of Music' , It seems
that' Flaherty had, been brooding over the
fact that he had lost $500 o'n.Tom-Sharkey
in » the Vlatter's fight : .with JefTrles. . ;
Just r as Jeffries stepped out of the main
entrance of the Academy Flaherty stepped
in front of him i and - swung > his ponderous
rlght'at the Jaw. of the champion. Sur
prised into leaving a good : opening. < Jeft
rles caught the blow Just back of the ear
and' it staggered him a bit; Flaherty:
came back with a. hot; left, aimed at the
• same 'point. -Then" there wastrouble for
Flaherty: -^The champion ¦ blocked \ the sec
ond * punch i and i gathered ' the ; large . form
of i. the- saloon-keeper : in his bearlike em
¦\Vheh'¦-' Jeffries' ' brawny arms', .closed
around* Flaherty ;the ; saloon-keeper yelled
for help.- It cams in , the } form of 1 a"po
llceman/who pried the men apart, but not
before Jeffries had broken i two of Flaher
ty's ribs. • .. " -_. • ', I. ¦:'¦' -':
Negro ; Who Was Found in a Whitt
Woman's Houss Is Hanged
. ; From a Bridge.
: TERRY, Miss., March 20.— Jerry Bell. £
SALOON-KEEPER
PUNCHES JEFFRIES
SOUTHERN LYNCHERS
TAKE ANOTHER LIFE
UNION CITY, Tenn., March . 20.—Tip
tonville, the county seat of Lake. County,
was nearly destroyed by fire last night,
only four business ' houses escaping. ,
The Lake County bank, Harry Smith's
dry goods store. Peacock's furniture
store, a butcher shop, two barber shops,
two or three restaurants, J. P.- George's
dry goods store, Campbell's dry goods and
clothing store. Leom's grocery, Harris'
grocery and Campbell's hotel were de
stroyed.. Several other business houses
and residences were burned. The loss is
$75,000. ' . . ; .
NEW MADRID, Mo., March 20.— The
fire at Tiptonville, Tenn., is said. to. have
been incendiary and to have been started
by negroes out of revejige for the lynch
ing of Ike-Fitzgerald, -colored, on Sat
urday. At his trial the jury stood eleven
for hanging and one for life imprison
ment. - That evening, as the Sheriff was
taking Fitzgerald to the jail, a -mob of
200 men took the prisoner from the Sheriff
and . hanged -him j to. a. tree. Duforo he
was hanged the negro was torlurod In a
horrible manner.- The negroes o£ Tipton
ville and vicinity were - greatly wrought
up over the lynching; • . .
safe keeping, but the>.»mob got htm at 9
o'clock to-night.
Later developments Implicate another
negro. Charles Ilolllngsworth. -wrtiotn the
mob meant to hang at the same time and
place with Bell, but he fought l»ia way
through the smalr army of men and. al
though fifty shots were fired at him. he
escaped in the darkness. It Is kenerally
thought he will be found in the- morning,
riddled with bullets.
Fire at Tiptonville, Term., Destroys Many Buildings and Is Said to
Have Been Started by a Hanged Black's Friends.
negro, was lynched to-night by a mob
that hanged him to a railroad bridge.
Bell was discovered at 4 o'clock this
morning In the room of a young woman
visiting the family of R. C. Terry. He
escaped to Bryan, Miss., where he was
arrested. After being brought back to
Terry he was arraigned and bound over
to the Circuit Court. Officers intended to
take *he negro to Jackson to-morrow for
NEGROES GIVE TOWN TO THE TORCH
IN REVENGE FOR HORRIBLE LYNCHING
Great Gift in View.
NEW YORK, March 20.— The World will
say. ¦ to-morrow:' Another, magnificent gift
f rom ¦ Andrew Carnegie Twill be announced
within -a; few da vs. ¦ It became -known
v?sterday .that .Mr.; Carnegie had offered
$5,000,000 to another American city. -also, it
is said, for the purpose of building
libraries -V* WgJB' i * | 1l|*?S*'iS8Bp*M8STO> HHWui
. Philadelphia ¦will, , It is understood, be
the next- recipient. of the : Iron i master's
bounty. 1 It^is said that Mr. Carnegie has
offered -to; builds libraries aggregating
$5.(<00.000 In value on conditions similar to
those which accompany the offer; to t New,
York."}. It is also. understood; that the of
• flcial announcement of the proposition will
be ; made .within a few, days. -The -World
yeeterd<iy- interviewed several | of Mr." Car
negie's closest friends in this' country and
they. all agreed that. the $5,000,000 donation
la soon to be made public.
X'l i am not positive i that Philadelphia j is
to be the beneficiary."; said one of the gen
tlemen." "but : f rom , the s trend ¦ of Mr.? Car-"
negie's ; conversations , during the , last i few
months • I know; that ;• > he is contemplating
doing something; handsome) for.: that city.
You ¦ are safe in saying ; that ' very >¦ soon i a
gift of $5,000,000 from Mr. Carnegie to some
American city will be announced ; that the
money is to, be used for.building libraries
and ; that ¦ the ; city .will probably .be Phila
delphia.. . Mr. Carnegie . has i had ¦ a great
deal of business > with Philadelphia I and' he
entertains the kindest feelings for.the peo
ple'of-thatfcity.7' , ; : V ,
, 'ATCHISON, ! Kans.,i March i 20.— Andrew
Carnegie haa offered ; to give'Atchison $25,
000 ', a. ' public ; 1 lbrary ."t- provided the
city. will appropriate $2500 annually for.ex
penses, and furnish a site; for the build-;
Steel King Said to Have Another
DONATION TO PHILADELPHIA.
Call Readers ars entitled to
the privilege " of securing the
best Atlas published for $1.50.
This book is handsomely
bound in Red Russian and.
Maroon-Colored Silk, contains
about 550 pages of maps, cen
sus statistical arid descriptive
matter, printed on fine Atlas
paper, ' and will !>e one of the
handsomest books. 'ever . of
fered. Do not consider any
other premium offer until you
have, fully investigated the
merits of Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition.
THE CALL'S PREMIUM
ATLAS.
Hundreds of Persons Await
the Millionaire at
; Southampton. „ .^ i*
SOUTHAMPTON, March 20.— The ar
rival here of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Car
negie, . who . sailed from New, York ; on the
American line steamship St. Louis March
13, is awaited by delegations from various
institutions < who want checks. These •¦ in
clude representatives of Woolstone, Read
ing and other cities seeking libraries, : and
agents of various institutions deslrlpg aid.
Hartley College, Southampton, a. technical
school, has a deputation of sixty awaiting
the steamship's arrival.
. The ofllces of the steamship j company
and the American consulate were crowded
with people Inquiring when the steamship
will arrive.: She is, not; exnectedvat her
dock before 1 a.m. to-morrow. The local
manager of the American line, who has
100 letters and'telegrams from all parts of
the kingdom for the philanthropist, says
the envelopes Indicate that they are from
air sorts and conditions of people from
university presidents to mendicants. He
will try to get the Carnegie party off to
London without meeting the delegations.
NEW YORK, March 20.— Mayor Van
Wyck to-day sent the following cablegram
to Andrew Carnegie, addressed to South
ampton:
"The people of New York heartily thank
you for your noble offer to give $5,000,000
for the -establishment of free circulating
libraries In their city. They extend to
you thoir best wishes with a full appre
ciation of the magnitude of -your gift to
them and the splendid generosity that
prompted it.
"ROBERT A. VAN WYCK, Mayor."
THEY ALL WANT
CARNEGIE COIN
"I have been simply amazed at the Ir
regularities we have discovered. It Is too
late to change the figures of the tenth
census, but it will be the policy of this
office to punish every offender. St. Mary's
and St. Charles counties were the dis
tricts in which the worst irregularities oc
curred. In one count of one of the dis
tricts 500 names were wrongfully and in
tentionally added by the enumerators.
The total population, including the pad
ded names, aggregated 18,136. The enu
merator. S. F. Abell, was arrested last
night, and his case will serve as an ex
ample. The penalty Involved is $o000 fine
and two years' imprisonment. The pad
ded names included dead and non-resi
dents. We will press all cases of this
sort discovered anywhere, although it Is
too late to change the figures."
Policeman A bell, who was arrested last
night, charged with making false returns
while acting as a Maryland census enu
merator, waived examination In the Po
lice Court to-day and was held for the
Grand Jury in $1000 bail.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— Regarding
irregularities in the census enumeration
in Maryland. Director of the Census Mer
riam said to-day: >• :
Great Irregularities Found
I in the Figures. From
Maryland.
NAMES OF DEAD
PAD THE CENSUS
PITTSBURG. Pa., March 20.— The
Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton, professor
of theology in the theological sem
inary at San Anselmo, Cal.,
will probably be chosen moderator
at the Presbyterian general assembly at
Philadelphia in May. He is well known in
PUEBLO. Colo., March 20.— The Daily
Chieftain will cay to-morrow: It Is now
definitely known - here that « Senator .' Ed
ward O. Wolcott of Colorado will in a* few
days be appointed by the President to be
Secretary of the Interior to succeed Mr.
Hitchcock. .The news has been ¦ received
by a friend of Mr. Wolcott In this city,
the statement being made ¦unequivocally
and indicating that the announcement
will be made In Washington to-morrow.
WASHING*)N, March 20.— Once' more
the oft-repeaSd rumorJa circulating that
Secretary Hay of the State Department
has finally tendered his resignation to the
President and will not accept an appoint
ment. When the President sent-his.Cab
inet nominations r to the "Senate ; immedi
ately after the inauguration for confirma
tion Secretary. Hay's ;• name was -. among
them. . and that effectually disposed : of
these tales/ Secretary Hay yielded to ptes-
Bure from the President and consented to
remain. The story circulated to-day is dis
credited officially at the" White House..-
It is understood on high: authority that
the President has decided to appoint; P.
C. Knox of Pittsburg to fill the ; vacancy
in his Cabinet that will be caused by the
retirement of Attorney General Grlggs on
April 1. i» . " ,
Colorado Senator Will Be
Appointed Chief of the
Interior. x
It is intended that these tentative gov
ernments shall be the basis of a more
extensive organization as soon as the peo
ple In the several communities show a
capacity . for such enlargement. It was
stated, as an illustration of the condition
which exists, that '.he commission/when
among the Igorrotes, found several com
munities where it was -necessary.
CABINET PLACE
FOR WOLCOTT
The dispatch received from Judge Taft
Is regarded at the War Department as
showing a very satisfactory state of af
fairs in the southern islands, which are
now being visited by the commission. It
Is stated that these governments organ
ized under the commission are tentative
to a certain extent, and in each com
munity or municipality the government is
organized upon a Dasis to meet the re
quirements of the people. For the most
part it is said the governments are of a
very simple character, with the least pos
sible machinery, and give the people the
largest measure of self-government con
sistent with their condition..
"We have organized Tayabas, Romblon,
including Tablas, Slbuyan and a smaller
island, and Masbate. including TIaco and
Burias. /We visited '.Marinduque, Initiated
the organization of municipalities there
and will organize the. province before our.
return. Our receptions were most enthu
siastic. After visiting Negros we shall
go to Jolo and Mindanao. Returning we
shall organize Hollo, Caplz, Antique, Cebu,
Bohol and Leyte. '.Ve shall probably or
ganize JSamboanga and Misamls. There
is marked improvement In the "general
situation." --¦ ;/v :»:> _ : -- -
WASHINGTON. March 20.— Secretary
.of War Root to-day Teceived. the -follow
ing cablegram from Judge Taft, chairman
of the Philippine Ccmmission. dated at
Hollo:
Philippine Commission Re
ports That Progress Is
: — . Being Made. ,^..
NATIVES LIKE
UNCLE SAM'S WAY
Plttsburg. He was born in • Washington
County, near Prosperity, In 1S55, and his
mother still Iive3 in Claysville, He was
graduated from Washington and Jeffer
son College in 1S78. He filled the pulpit of
the First Presbyterian Church of this city
one Sunday in the summer of 1S95. ;v '
REV. DR. H. C. MINTON OF THE SAN ANSELMO THEOLOGICAL SEMI
NARY. WHO MAY BE CHOSEN MODERATOR OF THE NEXT PRES
BYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. .;
The Government is in an extremely em
barrassing position, especially M. -Mlller
and,' the Minister of Commerce, ' as the
Socialists : demand that the Government'
should Intervene in favor of the striker",
and are disgruntled at the employment of
troops. On the other hand the. Govern
ment Is urged to take vigorous measures
to secure the freedom of labor., especially
in view of the fact that the "foreign elo
ment, chiefly Italian, -, which preponder
ates among the striking doc< laborers, is
utterly Indifferent to the. fate of Mar
seilles. - ' •" " " : . :'¦¦.'•
The strike committee. has informed the
prefect that the. strikers will resume work
if the co-operative system, without con
tractors, is adopted. As the shipping
companies are bound by existing con
tracts, there is little ,chance of this pro
posal being, accepted.
Two hundred women, several with
babes in arms, took part. In to-day's de
monstration in spite of the rain. •- . -
The strikers are irritated at the refusal
of the Premier. M. Waldeck-Rousseau, to
receive the Socialist Mayor of Marseilles.
M. ,FlassIeres, who sought to obtain Gov
ernment pressure to force the masters to
negotiate, • the masters having declined to
do so on the ground that the strike was
unjustifiable and a breach of a previous
agreement. M. Flassieres threatens that
the Socialists will make reprisals for this
insult from the Government, and Up.
points out that he stood aloof from tlio
pro-Kruger demonstration at a moment
when; as-he puts it, by entering Mr Kru
ger's carriage he might have won a popu
lar triumph.
A crowd of 2000 burst through a cordon
of Infantry along the dock side. . The
cavalry charged and drove the
back. A volley of stones was then thrown
In . all directions, and a brigadier, two
gendarmes, a hussar, and several infan
trymen were injured. One' gendarme was
stunned, thrown from his horse and tram
pled upon by the cavalry. lie was re
moved to the hospital, where he lies In a
critical condition. The soldiers were
greatly exasperated, ; but* their officers
succeeded In controlling them.
MARSSILLBS, France, March 20.— The
situation hero Is- very dlsquJetlng owinfr
to the increasingly aggressive attitude of
the strikers. During the disorders' to-day
the panic spread .to the townspeople, ana
stores, ' v restaurants r and cafes were hur-'
rlcdly closed. It was feared, that the mob,
which was charged by.'mounted.-gen
darmes and hussars, -would attempt pil
lage. , . . /
Several Persons Are Injured in the
Onslaught by the Cavalry
Before ".the Mob • Is
Dispersed. i
Marseilles Laborera Aggr«s
siv#, and a'Riot Occurs
in the City.
TROOPS CHARGE
UPON STRIKERS
3
THE SAK FBANCISCO_ CALL^ THURSD A Y, 3IARCH 21, 1901.
MAY BE MODERATOR
OF NEXT ASSEMBLY
Honor in Store for Rev. Dr. Minton at
the Next General Gathering of Pres
byterians at Philadelphia^ in May
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The man who can hardly crawl, and .
has just strength to get through a day's
work, has no strength left lor family
. life. He wants to be quiet ; to be alone,
out of sight and sound of everybody.- •"*
What a difference between such a
Tpt«Ti and the healthy, hearty man, who
romps with his children and rides his
laughing baby to "Banbury Cross."
What makes the difference? Usually
disease of the stomach, involving tbe
entire digestive and nutritive'- system.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. ; When
these diseases are cured the hindrance to
the proper nourishment of the body is
removea and strength comes back again.
« I am happy to s«v,I am Retting to feri fine."
write* Mr. AT J. Vanderwater. of 873 •¦-. West
Division Street. Chicago. 111. "In all. I have
taken six bottles of ' Golden Medical Discovery*
and fonr or five vialt of the little ' Pelleti.'.They
bave dene me worlds of good. These -medi-
cines have brought the great change in me
from a slow mope of a man that could hardly
crawl, tired and mck all the time, and could do
so work. Now I can work, sleep, eat, and feel
fine, and that tired feeling is all going away, I
am rery thankful that I wrote to Dr. Pierce.
His 'Golden Medical Discovery* and his little
liver ' Pellets ' have almost made a new man of
me. I feel young as I did at thirty years. . No
other doctor for me, only Dr. Pierce."
-Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense' of vrn-ulinj; only. Address Dr."
R. V. Pierce; Buffalo, N. Y.
; ¦ *:> / Y'.--. : .'; •' - ' .'- ; • ¦•'.Y- '
depleting the whole nervous system
causes the mucous membrane surfaces to
suffer accordingly. This is the condition
called systemic catarrh. It very nearly
resembles, and there is really no practi-
cal difference, between this condition and
the condition known as neurasthenia, or
nervous prostration.
¦ Peruna will be found to effect an' Im-
mediate and lasting cure In all cases of
systemic catarrh. .It acts quickly and
beneficially . on the diseased mucous
membranes, and with healthy mucous
membranes the catarrh can no longer
exist. ;_' ; \
Peruna a True Friend to "Women.
Mrs. F. J. Lynch writes the following
from 324 S. Division street. Grand Rapids,
Mich.:
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.:
Gentlemen: VI : earnestly recommend
Peruna to any- suffering woman, as It
cures quickly. Last year I had a most
persistent cough, which nothing seemed
to "cure. Two bottles of Peruna did more
for me than all the doctors seemed to
do. In a couple of weeks I found myself
in excellent health, and have been enjoy-
ing it ever since. Hence I look on Pe-
runa as • a ¦ true friend to women." — Mrs.
F. J. Lynch.
Peruna is equally efficacious In curing
catarrh of the throat as in curing sys-
temic catarrh or catarrh of the stomach.
Catarrh Is essentially the same wherever
located. Peruna cures catarrh.
Peruna Makes You Feel Like a New
Person.
Miss Marie Coats, a popular , young
woman of Appleton, Wis.. and president
cf the Appleton Young Ladies' Club, also
rpeaks in glowing terms of Peruna. A
letter recently received from her by The
"I have used It now for three seasons,
and find it very valuable and efficacious."
— Mlsa Marie Coats.
Diseased nerves are traceable directly
to poor digestion, and poor dlpestlon 13
directly traceable to catarrh. With the
slightest catarrh of the stomach no one
can have good digestion.
Very few of the many women who hare
catarrh of the stomach suspect what
their real trouble la. They know they
belch after meals, have sour stomach, a
sensation of weight or heaviness, a full-
ness,irrsgtJlar appetite, drowsiness", gnaw-
ing, empty sensation?, occasional pain —
they all know this: but they do not know
that their trouble is catarrh of the
stomach. If they did they would take
Peruna.
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
As soon as Peruna removes catarrh from
the stomach the digestion becomes good,
sppetite regular, nerves strong, and
trouble vanishes. Peruna strengthens
weak nerves, not by temporarily stimu-
lating them, but by removing the cause
of weak nerves^ — poor digestion. This Is
the only cure that lasts. Remove the
cause: Nature will do the rest. Peruna
removes the cause.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Or. Tla^tman. President of Ths
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
Peruna Medicine Company of Columbus,
Ohio, reads as follows:
"I am glad to call the attention of my
friends to Peruna. When that langruld.
tired feeling cornea over you, and your
food no longer tastes good, and small an-
noyances irritate you. Peruna will make
you feel like another person. Inside of a
week.
"/{am sincerely grateful for the
relief I have found from the use of
Peruna. I was completely used up
last fall, my appetite had failed and
I felt weak and tired all the time. My
druggist advised me to try Peruna,
and the relief I experienced after
taking one bottle was truly wonderful.
"I continued its use for five weeks,
and am glad io say that my complete
restoration to health was a . happy
surprise to myself as well as to my
friends." — Anna Prescoit.
A constant drain of nervous vitality
MissjAnna Prescott's Letter. ¦
Miss ."Anna 'Prescott, in a letter j from
21R South Seventh . street, Minneapolis,
Minn.,- writes: ,.---/¦ i , .. •
Every . day we receive letters from
women like the following. Women who
have tried . doctors and failed; women
who have tried Peruna and were cured.
Miss Katie Klein. 6125 Bartmer avenue.
St.- Louis, Mo., writes:
¦, "Peruna has done me more ' good for
catarrh than the best doctors ; could. , I
bad catarrh so bad, but after taking Pe-
runa It is entirely gone, and I feel like
a different person." ~7> r \^ ;'; '.
Letters FiomWomen.
Peruna . is the woman's < friend every-
where. It is safe to say that no woman
over used Peruna for any catarrhal de-
rangement but what it became indis-
pensable in her household.
Catarrhal Dyspepsia and.Nervous Prostration Make Invalids of More Women
i" Than All Other Diseases Combined.
THOUSANDS OF FAIR WOMEN
HERALD PRAISES FOft PERUNA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦•-¦"fc — ii' c^ — i
Not Having a Removal Sale ! ]
OCR CARPET DEPARTMENT
Which has beer, for many years a part of
the California Furniture Company,
Will Remain
At the Old Stand.
We can sell at the
Lowest Possible Prices.
Brcause we are the LARGEST DEAL-
ERS in Bigelow Axminstcrs (all our
own private designs), and in all grades
of Carpets, Rugs, Mattings. Lino-
leums, etc . * >* -
Before purchasing call and inspect our
immense stock. Estimates furnished.
ACKERMAN~& KOHN,
Exclusive Carpeters. .
Starr-King Building, 123 Geary Street.
Don't Worry
Over ycur launflry vrork— let us do It for
you. Our work is a marvel to those who
have never seen the beauty of the finish ,
and immaculate color with which it is
Bent home, and It's sure to please you.
What we advertise we do. By aiming
high we please ihe most critical, and by
charglcg low we tickle the economical.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you order it Xo saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stroet.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
j {K REST AS YOU MDEteftg
The Morrow (y&s^
Coaster BraKe li • ~1
Ccirarte^s you Ahst'.utt Cemfcrt \ f y
and Pleit'u're «« Cyt.'intr. Fits, anjr lA^ 5^^}*
You Ride SO Miles, but j L.
Pedal only SS Miles Bjj W
ir.o.r.r>O s=:i -f-'. r;.>"; U^t \~zt. \> 'fW
So«J by ail rieiSers. tmUH Free. M V fr
rxtirsE eic <t>^ rimir*. k. t. i^ m
»¦ ... .-. .... ¦ ,. '¦ ' J
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT anil DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
Broken
Eyeglass
J>n»*» r*plae»4 for 5O cents.
Ar.y Astismatic 3«naea duplicated for $ l.OO
•r.d «1.GO.
Guaranteed con get and be«t quality.
Oculists* prescrlptlom filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main U.
642 Market 5t. instrumcnts
undcb CMi»OMia.t Bun.9iN&. CATALOGUE FkC.
DR. HALL'S BEINYIQORATOBggra
Five hur.droi reward for any P^arS3
case we c&nnot cure. Tbis secret up» bwJS
remedy stops aU lo»»e« In 24 hours, g S
cures Ilrr.'.iiions. ltr. potency. V«iri- BjVlS CST3
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, FHb, RTfl f*r|n
Etrtctures, Iyc^t Manhood and all jjoJ y^ilj
v.c'tirc effect« of self abu^e cr fitis fSv5
fi'fff!. Prnt 5»a!<>d. J2 bottle; 3 kSKSTSTtya
bottles, t": ruaram»n1 to cure any case. Ad-
dreao HALL'B MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also f or eale at 1078H
Market 6t.. 6. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Seed fcr free book.
$10 CURED
<->iz&k&M^£Li{'s for TEM DOLLARS.
-~~'ji?i<2S?3n^l*T**Zi£' J *'~ Thonpand* lutvc Ik^ji cv.Tf^L
¦^ayEiXiB2%?*!ii5&£}X& attbeiron-nliome* tor lli:i
f2^'* £ ' t* ¦ • - « ! n* 1 ' prtre. <*.r«itMt In-
V V ; 'hi*'. - y veatlonof ih^Ace. f^rnr-
Vj^Jv^S'l Sj;*!?'- -J>* ity aii<l«v>mfort lo tlieru|>-
-T--_— n . ¦ ¦ t** L" '"_. tured. No\rortiil<M» *a)v«-»
orlot.OT.««oru..oii. lt«lp«
"G/ "' '<i^' tiie work. Inv«"*Ur*l'!
'•ItoeltnX*. 1" glrlnr lull information milled. immMi-
¦t^'.T on re^f'.tit Sc. «ta!r.|> and this adit. < *ll or addresi
SlAMinC TEDS3 C3. ««• ¦•rt.t sirort, SAB rBAKCISCO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Ig A GRKAT BESTOKATIVE. 1XVIGORA-
tor tr.d Nervine. •
The most wonderful ai>hrodieiae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orran«. 'or both sexes.
The Mexican Jiemedy for Oltseases of the Kid-
neys and JSladdfr. Kell» on iu own mertU.
NABEIl, ALFS & BRUNE. Agentj.
J3 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
Fcr the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEET8,
FTRICTCRKS and analdecus complaints or tn«
Orrann of Generation.
Pri«-e Jl a bottle. Kor Bale by dru«r«-l«ts.
THE WEEKLY CALL
§1 per Year. : I
We will dispense with "this, that I
I and the other reason" Why you should
I buy some new night shirts, and simply
say that if you want' to get some new
ones we have them at Joe that will fill |
the bill completely.
They come in three 'different\mate-
rials—Wamsutta cotton, which is the
best brand of muslin ma'de, flannelette
and pepperill twill; the shirts are plain or
fancy, trimmed with edging and em-
broidery; sizes around the neck 15 to 19; j
they are cut full size and length; all \
! seams are double sewed; price only j
50c
I # VwOOn x (%}•
, ,,,h
AD1TEKTISEJ1EEKTS.GIBRALTAR. March 20.— The steamship
Ophir, with the Duke and Duchess or
Cornwall and York on board, entered tha
harbor about 9 o'clock. All the ships In
port had previously been dressed and tho
royal yacht approached through the fleet,
fully manned and with guards of honor
and bands paraded, amid salvos of guns,
the firing of a royal salute and the strains
of the national anthem. The Ophlr en
tered inside the mole and shortly after
ward the Governor General, Sir George
White, and the admirals ofllclally visited
the ship. Decorations at the landing stag?
and along the streets are universal and
large crowds have gathered.
The Ophir reports a fair passage. All.
on board are In good health. While cross
ing the bay of Biscay seas Invaded the sa
loon cabins.
The royal party landed at the dockyard
at noon. They were received by General
White. The Duke and Duchess then drove
to the Chamber of Commerce, where they
were presented with an address of wel
come. The Duke replied that he was deep
ly grateful for the kindly welcome extend
ed by the ancient and loyal city, at which
he had first landed twenty-two years ago.
He was glad to revisit a place of so many
happy reminiscences, which upon several
occasions had enthusiastically welcomed
his father and with which the memory
of his illustrious ancestor, the Duke of
Kent, was especially associated.
"We regard," said the Duke, "this
hearty greeting' at our first place of land-
Ing as a happy augury for that great mis
sion with which we have been Intrusted
by my father— the King— In fulfillment of
the wishes of our late beloved sovereign,
whose loss the whole world mourns."
The Duke and Duchess spent the day In
visiting the docks and other points of in
terest. They dined at Government House,
where the dinner party numbered 150. and
subsequently held a reception In the ball
room, where the Duchess was presented
with a beautiful Spanish mantilla, a gift
of the Inhabitants.
At 11 o'clock their Royal Highnesses
drove through the town to view the Illu
minations, returning to the Ophlr shortly
before midnight. Throughout the evening
the warships In the harbor were brilliant
ly lighted.
King Edward's Son Greeted
by Thunder of Artillery '
at Gibraltar.
The second or semi-final . rotmd of the
competition for the council's cup for
women took place yesterday on the courso
of the San Francisco Golf Club. It failed,
however, to produce any close or Interest-
Ing contests, for Miss M. B. Houghton
early In the morning: sent a message to
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown that she would not
play and the match consequently went by
default to Mrs. Brown. Miss Florence-
Ives played her match against Miss Alice
C. Hoffman, but was beaten 6 up 6 to
This leaves Mrs. B, G. Brown and Miss
Alice C. Hoffman to fight dt out In tho
final round, which should be played this
morning. A victory for Mrs. Brown i3
almost a foregone conclusion, aa she is In
excellent form, while Miss Hoffman, up
to ten days ago, had not played for three
or four months.
CANNON SOUND
DUKE'S WELCOME
Miss .Alice C Hoffman and Mrs. E.
Oilman Brown Are I«effc
to Fight Out the
Semi-Finals for Council's
Cup for Women on tho
Presidio Links.
MRS. BROWN LOOKS
THE SURE WINNER
The Initial step toward the municipal
ownership of street railway systems was
taken last. night when the Supervisors'
Public Utilities Committee expressed it
self in favor . : of I the operation . of the
Geary-street road by the city at the ex
.piratlon of Its franchise. Chairman Reed
called attention to the fact that the fran
chise would expire on -April 13. 1902.- and
he urged that the city begin Immediately
thereafter the construction of ¦ a modern
underground ' electric road with flat rails
and the most recent electric : motive ap
pliances obtainable.. He moved that a
resolution t be ; recommended for . passage
by the board submitting ' the proposition
to a vote of the people at the next elec
tion.
Connor . was the only > other member • of
the committee present,' and, while he ex
pressed himself, in sympathy with the
views of Chairman Reed, he suggested
that final action be postponed - until all
the members were present, which - was
done."" ,.,...'.¦. ,. - .
¦: H.v H. ,'Ly nch appeared , before the com
mittee " and ; was - questioned regarding the
- During the discussion Reed explained
that ' the \ 20,000 reserve horsepower which
could be obtained in connection with the
bringing 'of -water- from the' Tuolumne
River might be utilized in developing the
motive power of the road. The power
could also be obtained f rogi the contem
plated ; municipal electric ttghtlng plant,
upon which ' the Board of •Public Works
had ' submitted ~ a report. - He asked that
the proposition be referred to that board
for : an estimate as ,to the cost ¦ of . con
structing the new Geary-street line.
City Engineer Grunsky stated that the
Board ' of Supervisors -would i have to ap
propriate more funds to carry out the In
vestigation. The appropriation of $30,000 wag
only available for Investigation of water
supplies,* and the sum of $307,500 would be
required - to • prosecute '¦ inquiries Into utili
ties : of every y description. ¦. •-
\Reed stated that the Intention is to con
tinue . the line s from Its present terminus
on Fulton street and ¦ thence : into ' Golden
Gate Park to the new music stand. -. From
Kearny , street ; the line , would , run along
Market streets down: Second -to , the Mall
dock, and: possibly Into the Potrero..
Utilities Committee Favors
Acquisition of Geary-
Streit Line.
ONE of the finest prizes yet pre
sented to the Schuetzen Bund, for
its great International shooting
festival, to be held In this city
next July, is the cup given by
Mayor Phelan and known as the "Mayor
'Phelan prize.". The officers of the Bund
have been experiencing: considerable dif
ficulty in procuring prizes which will at
tract that class of marksmen who can
make the, coming festival the most suc
cessful affair of Its kind ever held-. If
proper Inducements are offered, the best
shots the world can produce will be here
next July. .
Next -to the Claus Spreckels and Hearst
prizes, Mayor Phelan's gift Is the most
valuable yet contributed. The cup Is of
solid silver, mounted on an ebony pedes
tal, and stands thirty-four Inches In
height. The cup alone is twenty-four
Inches hlsh, with a diameter of twelve
Inches. The upper part Is a reproduction
CITY MAY OWN
STREET RAILWAY
Intentions of the Market-street Railway
Company to restore the streets from
which ola rails and slots had been re
™m », l ? their original condition. Lynch
said that the rains had caused delay, but
promised that the work of removal, espe
cially on Ellis and Post streets, would be
completed by the end of the year.
The base bears the Inscription. "Mayor
Phelan prize." ¦
* The value of the trophy Is $600. It was
designed and manufactured by Shreve &
Co. and is now on exhibition In their win
dows on Market street.
THIRD NATIONAL BUNDES
SHOOTING FESTIVAL,
JULY 14TH TO 23D. 1301.
BAN FRANCISCO.
of the City Hall dome and the columns
and arches are outlines in detail. The
whole is surmounted by the figure of the
Gpadess of Liberty, which is a rare work
of art in miniature and which was de
signed by a California artist and manu
factured In a California establishment.
On the obverse side of the. cup is a
group of flags, composed of the National
standard and San Francisco's municipal
emblem. Beneath the flags Is the seal of
California In gold, surrounded by a laurel
wreath, also of gold.' Between the flags
above the point of intersection, is a bear
of gold. On the reverse side, 13 the fol
lowing inscription:
ARTISTIC AND VALUABLE SILVER TROPHY NOW ON ! EXHIBITION
AT SHREVE'S. FOR WHICH CRACK MARKSMEN FROM ALL O\TER
THE WORLD WILL COMPETE. V. - . -
- ; The : proof : ct the ; pudding . is in - the di
gestion. . •
A Strong, Man's /Secret
One of the strongest men recently stated thai
the secret . of his - wonderful . power was perfect
digestion. ' Hostetter*s Stomach • Bitters makes
digestion . perfect, and cures all V complaints
arising from - a - weak . stomach, ; such > a* •¦ lnd 1
ecstIon. biliousness ¦ and all ! i ver - and kidney
ailments. *;< As a ' blood purifier and nerve tonic
It v Is -marvelous. It * is recommended ¦ by ¦ phy
slclans, sold -by j every dru«;Kl«t in the
country." Try it also > for malaria, , fever and
a&ue.
SEABCHINO BOB GOLD; OF ])
MUBDEBED . FBENCHMA1I
Treasure-Seekers ; Work Secretly; at
Night on Thompsons Plat Near
Santa \ Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. ; March 20.— For .some
time pleasure-seekers have .been working
secretly at \ night-' with pick and : spade on
Thompsons Flat, near • this , city. ;" The ob
ject _.pf ' their quest Is, erc4d t ;i burled'. by.; a
Frenchman who was - mysteriously mur
dered about forty years ago and his body,
found on the bank' of the river. S He Is
supposed to have buried $5000 In gold. =Ha
was married to a , daughter, of William
Thompson, after., whom, the 'flat w^as
named.' '-'¦.- ; \
William Thompson disappeared from his
home In London and his family searched
all over, the: world for hlm.'7-t In 1837 Sam
uel Thompson was on a ship that put Into
this port ' f or : . water: and discovered his
brother among the men employed to carry
water ; to the ship. . „ .
KILL THEICB CAPTIVES
' . andVbtjbn the bodies
Bulgarian Brigands ¦ Murder ' . Four
Mussulmans and Confess ; Crime
,, When They .'Are. Arrested.., : ,
' WASHINGTON, March 20.— The Turkish
Minister has received a telegram from the
Governor General of Salonica stating that
Bulgarian brigands, . after , having mur
dered four Mussulmans of the Mikahelnhi
Mountains. . burned their bodies. The
criminals were arrested and confessed.
They were turned over to the Court of
Justice by the authorities. . >
u • " • ¦ , , , .
Sues for a Receivership.
SAN RAFAEL,- March 20.— Thomas E.
Scully • of , Sausalito to-day flle'd,an action
In the Superior Court wherein tie seeks to
have a receiver appointed to take, pos
session Of the electric light plant' in that
town. He alleges that his partner. T. G.
Frost, has denied ' him ' any, participation
In the ¦' affairs of ? the . copartnership and
even went so far last fall as to threaten
him with bodily harm.
Entries" for To-Day.
First - race — Blx furlong?; . three-year-olde;
selling.
2146 Marcy .'.109 2117 Scallywag 109
2U7 Sublime ...107 2134 Nellie Forest. ..107
2070 Satin Coat 112 2159 Cougar . 112
2C92 Invlctus 109 (3162)Mrs. Brunell ..107
2169 Immodell 112 1911 Impromptu ....112
(2134)Fondo ....109 21M Yodel 107
Eecond race— Six . and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling. . .
2090 Eepirando 106 2121 Gibraltar 109
2144Jerid 109 2113 Danrous Mald..lO3
2148 Redwald 110 (2150)Our Lizzie .....104
(2152)Nullah 101 2047 Moringa 108
2150 Phoenlssa. 101 2122 Prejudice 103
Third' race— Seven , furlongB; ;; four-year-olds
and upward;, selling. •. ..¦>.•; ¦'
20?l The Benedlct...lO" 2079 Chae. Le Bel. ..110
21€lRlnaldo 110 1982 Dolors .....108
I0S3 Rio Chlco 110 2121 Rio Shannon... 110
2149 Catastrophe ...110 2157 Mont • Easrle.... 107
21C7 Montanus 113 2155 Young Morello.110
2157 Tame Irishm'n.lO7j . '
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; handicap.
2138 Tuthill 1C2 (21S8) Advance Guardl27
(2151)Star Chamber,. 100. (2121) St. Wood 97
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
(2122)The Phoenidanlll 2090 Handlcapper ..109
2148 MacGyle 105 (2076)Astor ........ .'..109
2013 Mary Klnsella. 88 20S3 l«na 107
205« Jennie Reid 98 (21Bl)Greatland 110
2121 Vohlcer .106 2157 Scotch Plaid. ..1U
. Siith race— Seven furlongi; four-year-old*
an* upward: selling. ' ¦> . fflto'f^.':
W68 Rixford ...*. 107 2158 Mission 107
2139 Balvado 113 2139'Sllver Garter.. .110
214* La Borgia 105 2048 First Call 113
2056 Fim Shot -...'.. 107 2098 Letiger ..1 107
2168 Morella ..V.....105 2051 McNamara ....107
2132 Mitten 103 2167 Satan ..107
Probable 'Winners.
¦First race— Impromptu, Fondo, x Scallywag,
Second race— Dangerous Maid, Redwald,' Gib
raltar. •. • -j".'if' -"-. ";'."• t,- ¦
Third race — Catastrophe, The Benedict, Mon
tanus. .
Fourth race— Advance Guard, Tuthill, ''¦ Star
Chamber. . . . ,
Fifth race — The Phoenician, Scotch Plaid,
Astbr. | '; .,.
Sixth race— La Borgia, Salvado, Letiger. \
GEEAT RACE CALLED OFF.
Lawson and Scannell Fail to Agree,
but Charity Is Aided.
NEW YORK, March 20.— William L.
Marks, representative of J. J. . Scannell,
and Jack Roach, representing Thomas "W.
Lawson of Boston, met In this city to-day
for the purpose of arranging a match be
tween the trotters. The Abbott and Bo
ralma. but failed to come to terms and
the match was declared off. Mr. Scannell
Insisted on having three out of five heats,
to which Mr. L-awson's representatives
objected, preferring that four out of sev
en heats should be the conditions. Mr.
Scannell said he was now ready to race
his horse. The Abbott, against any horse
in the world for {50,000, best, three in five
heats, the gate receipts to go to charity.
BOSTON. March 20.— Mr. Lawson to
night sent to two Boston charities, the
West End Nursery and the Crippled
Children's Home, one-half each of the de
posit of $10,000 which he put up through
his New York representative to bind a
race with The Abbott. These are the in
stitutions Mr. Lawson had selected to re
ceive the $25,000 guaranteed gate receipts
if Boralma defeated The Abbott, -Mr.
Scannell having agreed to accept - chari
ties In New York ag the recipients In case
his horse won. But the race having fall
en through, Mr. Lawson decided that his
first deposit of $10,000 should go for a
worthy cause. .
"¦ In : a statement issued ' to-night Mr.
Lawson said he regretted that the race
had fallen through, .but he had no desire
to criticize the action of others ; in con
nection with the matter. He reviewed the
negotiations^ and the reasons 'for. their
failure, announcing his gift -> of $10,000 to
the Institutions; and concluded with these
words:; "With this: I trust all Interested
friends of the horse ..will call the-inci
dent closed."
TEIALS OF SHAMROCK IL
They Will Be Held on the? Solent and
Promise Excitement.
,- LONDON, 1 March \ 20.— It Is : persistently
reported at Southampton that prior, to the
challenger for 'the America's cup crossing
the Atlantic trials ; will take . place on the
Solent Instead of ; on the Clyde, Shamrock
I. Meteor, and > other fliers i participating.
Either tho : old '<rA new Queen's course on
the Solent affords the possibility' of a more
practical test than the ; Clyde. . The pres
ence of the Erin and the Meteor at South
ampton supports the rumor.
Biffen, mate 'of Shamrock II, and • four
of tho crew • of the challenger have left
Southampton to join ? Captain Sycamore
and tho rest .of the *> crew." In Liondon,
whence they 5 will proceed . to Dumbarton.
Biffen for several years raced with "Wil
lie" Jameson, who represents Sir Thomas
Llpton In the cup races." Biffen also sailed
as mate of: the Irex and Werna, the latter
of which is now owned by John Jameson:
-. The i Cecile and are fitting • out
at Kay's yard for a trans- Atlantic voyage.
Messrs.^ White Bros, j will I launch the I Me
teor on'ADril 18.'; ' " \ • : .
American. Bests ; Britisher.
'.r NEWCASTLE-ON-TTNE, March^20.—
In a ;'• twenty-round ; , contest : > at catch
weights * In the Standard Theater In this
city this evening Jack; O'Brien of Phila
delphia cleverly; knocked. ¦•¦ out •¦"¦¦Jack
Thompson ; of; Newcastle in i the :* second
round. .-: The t American • quite > % outclassed
his opponent • \¥&$g2$ffl$8&x
Acquittal of ; Clerks.
OAKLAND,: Marclu 20.— C. : ¦ J.'. Twoorriey
H. Rossner , and D. . Sinclair, retail clerks,
who made a demonstration for early clos
ing of a" Broadway 3tore, , have been ac
quitted = In the ¦ Police * Court*: on ¦ charges
made ; by.,; T. H. B.- Rosenberg,' an auc
tioneer. . ;r;. - s - >, ;
TANTCIAN PARK — Wednesday,
March 20. 1901.— Weather line. Track
fast. •
2104. ' FIRST RACE-SIx furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and- up; purse, $350.'
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
21S4 Konie, 103 Mounce 8 2 2 2 n 11.
2024 Small Jack, 104..Domlnk 2 13 1^ 24
2111 Moonbright, 109 ..Henry 1 4 h 4 1 3 2
2000 Tola, 111 ..O'Connor 6 5 2 31 43 .
2C»7 Skip Me, 109..Wederstd 4 3^51 52
2070 T. Lepping. 108.. .Thorpe 5 6 h 6 2 6 n
2146 Illllouon, 104 .UutlerlO 10 84 7 3
2059 Compass, 102 ....Ransch 7 8 1 7 1 8 3
1614 8. Lake, 103 Frawley 3 7 2*95 95
(2124)Cushlon, 1C9 Bell. 9 9 2 10 10
Time— hi. :24; hi. :4S; %, 1:13%. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, A. J. Stem-
Ur & Co. 'b ch. f. by Eon-Mermaid. Too far
for Jack. Eonic was the "good thing." Hen
ry let - Moonbright fall • out of It on back
stretch, riding a lazy race. Tola bothered
through- tho stretch. "Skip Me will improve.
Scratched— Nellie Forest 105, Birdie Stone 102.
Betting— Eonic, 5; Small Jack, 5; Moon
bright, 3; Tola, 6: Skip Me. 8: Tony Lepping.
12; Illllouon, 80; Compass, 15; Screenwell Lake.
25; Cushion, 100.
2105. SECOND RACE—Three and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, j Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2116) Zirl, 115 Dominick 4 2 2 ... 1 %t
(2147)Rory Ough, IIS... Thorpe 2 1 4 ... 2 4
2147 Ogle, 106 ..........Henry 3 4 3 ... 3 2
2147 San Lutlon. 103.. Murphy 5 5 2 •... 4 1
2123 Minerva, 103 8ee 6 7 2/ ... 5 %
20J7 Dan Collins, 10«.Wedrstd 1 3 h ... "6 hi ¦
2065 Phyllis, 108 ......Mounce 9 9^ ... 7 3
.... Geo. Clark. lll..FrawleylO 6 2 ... - 8 2
2087 Sllva.Cruz. lll.Alexandr 7.- 8 H ... 9 2
.... El Bano, 108: Enosll 10 ... 10 2
2123 Priam, 108 Kelly 8 11 ...11
Time-r3-16, :18; 7-16, :41%. Good start.' Won
first three driving. Winner, Felix Carr's blk.
f. by imp. Sain- America. . Zirl outgamed Rory.
Too speedy for Ogle. San Lution ran to form.
Dan Collins quit. Phyllis 'a good looker.
Scratched— Irma A 103.
Betting— Zirl. 7-2; Rory Ough, 11-5; Ogle,
11-5; San Lutlon, 50; Minerva. 15; Dan Col
lins, 10; Phyllis, 12;i George Clark, 100; Silva
Cruz, 20; El Bano, 100; Priam, 300.
2160. THIRD RACE— One and an eighth
miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. hi. Str. Fin.
2077 Toprriast, a, 113.. Mounce 6 5h 11 11
(2149)F. Lance, a, 116.. Turner 4 1 V6 2 n 2 n
2150 Joseph'e B, 5, 104.O'Conr 6 6 5 2 3 2
2107 Bl Mldo, 5. 111. ...Kelly 12 2 4 1 4 n
2089 Lavator. 5, HI See 2 3Vi 3 V4 5 5
2110 Limelight, 5, 108.. Henry 3 4 1 6 6
Time— hi. :13; %, :27; hi, :5l%; ?4,'l:l8\i: m,
1:43%; lHm, 1:56V«. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Carruthers
& Shields' ch. g. by Topgallant-Essay. Race
a. poor one from time standpoint. Winner cut
oft three or four times on back stretch. ¦ Lav
ator looked a winner at head of stretch.
Scratched— Ostler Joe 114.
Betting— Topmast, 13-10; Free Lance, 9-2;
Josephine B, 3; El Mldo, 20; Lavator, 2<); Lime
light, 10.
2107. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olde and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2131 Cromwell, a, UO.Mounce 3 8 5 6 2 1 V4
2155 Merops. 5, 110 Henry 4 4h 8 2 2 2
1980 Vain, 4, 110 Dominick 2 9 H 2 V4 S3
2093 Montanus. 5. HO.Fntlroy 5 3 1 4 h 4 V4
2110 Tizona, 4. HO.Wed'strnd 7 6 1 6 1 6 1
2122 Racetto 4. 110. . C Connor 8-2 hi In 6 5
(2H2)Satan. 4, 110. E. Mathews 6 7 1 8 5 7 4
(20i5)B. Prince. 6, 110.. Stuart 9 9 9 86.
2019 Alas, 4, 110 Thorpe 1 1% 7 5 9
'2103 Royal Prize, 6, 110.. Enos Left
Time— M, :25; H. :i9; %; l:6t; %. 1:28. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, W.
M. Murry's ch. h. by imp. St. Blalse-Flavina.
.Mounce brought Cromwell up with a rush,
catching Henry asleep.- ' Had Vain • not been
cut off at start he would have won. Mon
tanus ran a fair race. Racetto quit. Prince
ran out. Too far for Tixona probably.
Scratched— First Call 110. McAlbert 110.
Betting — Cromwell, 12: Merops, 2; Vain, 6-2;
Montanus,- 60; Tizona, 12; Racetto, 14-5; Satan,
50; Brown Prince, 4D; Alas; 10; Royal Prize, 40.
2108. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. hi. Str. Fin.
2000 A. Fonso, a, 110..O'Conr 6 3 n 1 V4 1 2
2083 T. Calvert. 6. UO.M'ncelO 7 2 3 h 2 ns
2079 Ltzzella, a. 110 Enos 8 8 3 52 3 ns
¦ 2020 Md. - Lark, a, 110. .Thorpe 2 R Vi 2 1 4 5
2152 Glissando, 4, 110. Math ws 6 2 2 4 1 6 4
2153 Aluminum, 6. 110..I v>mk 3 14 6 3 6 4
621Midian, 6. 110 Henry 1 4 1 73 7 3
1S93 Morella, 4. 110..' Otis 7 6 5 8 5 8 5
2100 Talma. 4. 110..Wed'stnd 9 9 1 9 19 3
1SS7 Rlxford. 4, llO.Fauntlroy 4 10 * 10 10
Tlmer-H, :25tf; H. :50; %. 1:03; %, 1:29. Good
Btart. Won .first three driving. ¦ Winner, W.
P. Magrane's b. m. by Fonso-Amelia P.
Amelia came from behind, standing I a drive
gamely. Calvert looked to have finished fourth.
Aluminum quit. Uzzella would have won in
another Jump. Scratched— Gold Baron 110, Hlp
ponax 110.
Betting— Amelia Fonso, 18-5; Tom Calvert, 5;
Lizzella, fi: Meadow Lark, 6; Glissando. 7;
Aluminum, 15; Mldlan, 12; Morella, 50; Talma,
15; Rlxford. 50. \
2 1 «n". SIXTH RACE— Six and a half . fur
longs; selling:; maidens; three-year-olds and
upward; purse, |350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. . >4. Str. Fin.
2139 Brenhllda, B, 115... Henry 112 13 11:
21E6 William F, 4, 115 See 4 4 H 2 n 2 n
2114 Master Cal, 3, 108.0'Con 6 3 h 3 1 3 1
-2114 The Gafflr, Z, lOS.Wedstd 3 2 >£ 4 2 4 4
1829 Illusion, 3, 108..Mathews 6 u % 6 5 5 6
2114 Golden. J, 108.... C. Ross 2 7 h 6 6 1
1948 O. Dewey, 3, 108. Mounce 7 8 1 7 7H
2124 Robert J, 3, 108..t>omnck 8 10 8 ¦ 8 • -.
.... D. Alonr. 3, 108.. Bennett 9 9 H 9 9
2150 Firelight H. 4, 115. PowlllO 11 10 10
2114 Tilt,. 3, 108 .Yancyll 61 11 11
Time— 1-16. :07:"«-16. :19; 9-16, :E5H: 6«f, 1:22.
Poor start. 'Won easily. Second and third
drlvlnr- Winner. C. T. Boota" br. m. by Imp.
Brutus-Brown Maria, Winner much the best
William F ran to form. Master Cal a warm
one. Others not of much account. ¦ • • ¦ ¦¦• . ¦
Benin*— Brenhllda. 4-5; William F, 12; Master
Cal, 7-2; The Oaf nr, ; 10; Illusion, 20; Golden.
CO; George Dewey, 12; Robert J, 10; Dancr
Along. 100; Firelight IL 150; Tilt, 100. .
Races at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. March id. -Weather fine;
track heavy. Results: ¦ , ¦ .
First race, six furlongs, selling — Momentum
won. Curtsey second. Black Fox third. Time,
1:18%. . •. •¦ ¦ -¦ ¦ :..¦ - . ¦••• t ;¦.<¦ '
-Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Nannie Nolan - won, Woodtrice second,
Bltholln third. Time, 1:54%. . -
¦ .Third race, one mile . : and , seventy yards,'
handicap— Frangible . won, - Senator Beverldge
second. Little Duchees II third. Time, ,1:64%.
'Fourth race. Cotton Exchange handicap, one
mile— Cluster won, Thurles second. Dissolute
third. Time, 1:46. . . . .:.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling: — Dr. Car
rick won, Elsie Del second, Freo Admission
third. Time. 1:83%.
.- Sixth race, < six furlongs, selling 1 — Sue John
son won, dales second. ¦ Judge ' Magee third.
Time, 1:18. ¦ - -
Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth. • sell
ing— Saline won. .The Sluggard second, Brown
Vail third. Time, 1:65. .•
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
."With one. magnanimous Btroke the
board of directors and the board of stew
ards of the California Jockey. Club, save
In a few of. ' the most flagTant cases of
turf dishonesty, restored to good standing
a small army of derelicts who had' met
disaster at the Oakland and the old Bay
District race tracks during the years
¦past. ' ' •--'.; ., .- ¦ . • ;
Secure in his command of the local
racing situation, if was a -generous and
fitting thing for Thomas H. Williams to
recommend the ; restoration to full privi
leges of the unfortunates who have found
themselves under the ban of the racing
authorities at different times occupying
the judges' stand on his race • courses.
Scattered all over America are the mis
guided individuals who tried to cast dis
credit upon the sport and who will now
be allowed back into the fold after pro
tracted wanderings, upon the understand
ing that they will keep in the narrow
path henceforth and repent the evil of
their ways. . :
Only in a few flagrant cases was the
amnesty denied, i The memorable scandal
of the "Little Pete", conspiracy, although
many years have passed since it was rife,
was too fresh in the minds of the officials
to be, condoned. Trainer Williams, and
Jocke>-s Chorn, Chevalier and HirtTichs
were specifically mentioned as those who
may expect no forgivenness. "LJttle
Pete,", the wily arch conspirator, in the
famous scandal that brought these men
to grief, is dead, but the machinations of
the quintet will long stand in turf lore
as the most colossal conspiracy to corrupt
the sport ever attempted in this or any
other country. In addition to eliminating
their names from? the pardon list the
directors kept under advisement the cases
of Jockey Wedderstrand . and H. Green
berg. Following is the official report of
the action of the directors and stewards:
'At a meeting of the board of directors and
the board of stewards of the California Jockey
Club the following proceedings were had:
By unanimous vote of the board of. stewards
and the board of directors of the California
Jockey Club Dow Williams, Jerry Chorn. H.
Chevalier, A. Hinrichs and J. Rubenstein Btand
ruled oft the turf. .
The cases of H. Greenbergr and H. Wedder
strand remain under advisement. All others
heretofore under the ban are hereby reinstated
and restored to Rood standing. ,
Many names long familiar .to the fol
lowers of the turf are included In the
roster of those to be given a final chance.
Jockey Willie Martin, one of the- best
riders ever seen in the saddle in -Califor
nia, Is probably the most important
among them. : Martin has been cooling
his heels on the ground for many weary
months. . He has stanch friends and has
made a persistent effort to get back Into
the silken Jacket. He will ride for the
popular racing firm of Burns & Water
house, and returns to the pigskin with a
chance to redeem himself and ride rap-
Idly Into the front rank of jockeys, where
he belongs if he will grasp it. Joe Pig
pott, another promising rider, will get an
other Inning. Other jockeys of less note
who are within the pale of grace are
Jack Ward,. Joe Webber, Stuart Peters,
Cy. McLain, W. Narvaez, W. H. Martin,
Ben Gouinni Jesse Connelly, Frank Coady
and Claude Burllngame. " ' '¦'¦'
"Counselor" Bill Brien, erstwhile train
er for Lucky 'Baldwin, and a shifty man
with a thoroughbred, . Is among the pen
itents who. strayed into evil ways.' Danny
Lynch, he of Sharkey fame and general
issimo of the Hardknot episode, can once
more bask in the sunlight of the club's
paddocks. . Sandy McNaughton, Joe Rose
and "Moose" Taylor will be reinitiated.
"Dick" Williams, now training the big
stable belonging to Barney Schreiber, will
have a chance to get out* of the stalls on
the back stretch while his charges come
to the Judges' stand. Al Goodln and
Harry -Wise, manipulators of the San
Rosas "ringing" case, are back.
. Others besides the bigger flsh already
enumerated who can get past the turn
stiles without taking a chance of being
later shot through the gates are "Vlcks
burg" Wood, • Harry Mason, OHle John
son, Tom Cook and Jockey Duffy.
Owners, Jockeys and Trainers. Under
the Ban, With Few Exceptions,
Bestored to Full Friv-
TURF DERELICTS
GIVEN A CHANCE
The California Jockey Club
Stewards Start With a
New Slate. --, '
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAND.
0WENT MOUNCE demonstrated at
Tanforan Park r yesterday, that he
is capable of riding with the best
of 'em. On horses -that were all
quoted at liberal odds in. the bet
tirgr. one being Cromwell, a 20 to 1 shot,
the Idaho boy three times caught the eye
of the judges first, and once finished sec
ond. Henry, Dominick and O'Connor were
each credited with one winner. The big
crowd had eix well balanced fields of
platers to wrestle with, and succeeded In
taking three lalls when Topmast scored
at lo to 10, Brenhllda at 4 to 5, and by the
win of Amelia Fonso, another mild choice.
The curtain raiser was a six-furlong
selling sprint, for which Milt Henry's
mount Moonbright, closed a luke-warm
favorite. The Sacramento contingent
backed Eonic, the Stembler entry, from
8 dewn to 5, and in a drive Mounce got
the filly over the lilie first, a length ahead
of Small Jack, the pacemaker. Henry
rod3 a slovenly race astride the favorite,
ending up in the show.
Barney Schreiber's black imp. Sain filly
Zirl defeated the favorite. Rory Ough, for
the two-year-old . scramble, and at the
same time cut the track record for three
and a half furlongs to -Al%. Meeting. on
equal terms, Rory Ough, while the natu
ral favorite, eventually closed at about
the st' me price as Ogle, while 7 to 2 could
be had about Zirl. Thorpe on Rory out
broke his field, but the chestput colt was
collared and clearly out gained by the
black miss, losing out by half a length.
Dominick rode a very pretty race on the
winner. Ogle ran third.
No pace whatever was set by the lead
ers In the mile and a furlong event, and
even with all the bad racing luck he had.
Topmast finally won easily. The Car
ruthers & Shields horse was played down
from 2 to 13 to 10, and cut off near
ly half a dozen times, hit the wire a
length In advance of Topmast. O'Connor,
astride Josephine, made no effort to
go to the front, when he must have
seen the pace was slow, and brought up
in th<> show.
Last in his previous race, decided over
the Oakland track, Cromwell at 15 and
20. to 1 backed down to 12, dropped from
the clouds with Mounce in the seven
furlong run, beating Merops, the favo
rite, half a length. The latter horse went
to the post favorite over Vain, and with
the purse .in sight Henry took a nap and
was nipped out. It is more than probable
that Vain but for being cut off at the
start would have won. Dominick then
made too much use of the horse, rushing
him from ninth to second position in go
ing a quarter, and tiring near the close,
came in third.
Something almost unusual for her, Billy
Magrane's old mare Amelia Fonso cam*
from behind, and beat a bunch of nine
others, in the second seven-furlong jaunt.
Her odds were hammered down from 5 to
1& to 5, and she lasted just long enough
to win. Lizzella came with a terrific rush
and looked to have been downed, by a
neck, but Tom Calvert was placed second
and Lizzella third.
Quite overdue, Brenhllda finally suc
ceeded in escaping from the maiden class.
The mare ruled a 4 to 5 choice for the
closing elx and a half furlong jaunt, and
never extended, won easily from William
F and Master Cal.
Pacific-Union. Handicap.
Following are the weights assigned for
the Pacific Union Handicap, S20(Xh-A
handicap. for three-year-olds, foals of 1898,
now two years old. Winners of other
than a selling purse after the weights are
announced to carry five pounds extra. To
be run Saturday, March 23. One mile and
a furlong: • -• : : .
Joe Frey lSCfCourtier .; 100
C&nmore 127iGold Badge 96
Golden Age 125 Satin Coat 95
Rolling: Boer m'Eironse ...•...;.. 95
Telamon 120jTony Lepping 85
Bedeck 120|Scaliywag 85
Janice HTiTillie Andrews 90
Bard of Avon 116 Mithridates 90
tMderot 116 La Vendetta SO
Dandy Jim 115 Lucera. .• W)
Beau Ormonde 113 Roundhead 90
Grafter .' 106 Bonltary 90
Bab 103 Yo No Se 90
St. Rica, 103 Tilt 90
CoUKTir 102 Malapert .....' 90
Benson Caldwell ....1W Bavaesa SO
Rollick ;..10C Homage 80
Owners who wlsH to start In. this. race
must accept the weights with the entry
clerk at Tanforan on Friday, March 22, at
tho usual time of closing.
Is in Front on the Longshot Gromwell
and Two Shorter Priced Ones Down
at Tanforan—Zirl Beats Rory Ough
MOUNCE RIDES WITH
HIS OLD-TIME DASH
REMOVAL OF THE BARRIER AGAINST TURFMAN AND JOCKEYS AT OAKLAND
BIG OPEN STAKE
FOR ONION PARK
Programme for the Saturday
and Sunday Coursing
• Patrons.
One Hundred and Eight Dogs Will
Chase the Hares for the
Regulation Weekly
Frizss.
VOTERS LOSE
THE FRANCHISE
Open eUike, 108 entries— Yosemlte Kennels*
Moee vs. C. O. Pet»r*on's Filver Cloud; George
Sharman's Black Klush vs. Pasha Keimels"
,¦::.::::¦! Aim; Curtis & Sons' Candelaria vs.
K liandr's Twin City Girl; F. A. Mo-
Comb'« Crawford Lass vs. George Shannon's
St. Ires; ."hindler & Kerrigans VTlnslow vs.
H. A. r^-ktlman's, Snapshot; T. Ludwtg'a
Lady Gamett vs. J. J. Kenny's Hot Hast*;
J. I. O'Hrien's "Wondering- Torn vs. R. E. de
B. J>-vpez £c Son's Jewess; H. H. Gray's Rona
vs. Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox; Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face vs. J. 1. O'Urien'e Statesman; Rus
sell & Allen's Castaway vs. F. Jones" llarlean
Oladys; Yowmlte Kennels' Beauty Spot vs. H.
Lynch's Gamecock; Curtis & Sons" Xarcissus
vb. Gold PuFt Kennels' Brutue; Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead vs. Larkey & Rock's Lady's
Choice: fetcrl & Knowles" Olita vs. A. Vander
white's Flora. McIKjnald: \V. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurlick vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas; George
Watson's Flfi vs. FTrskine & Jones' Lavender.
V. McPermotfe Noe Maid vs. J. Dunley's
Krin; A. R. Harrison'6 Briar Root vs. Gold
Purt Kernels' Pt. Michael; P. J. Reilly's War
ship vs. Gold r>ust Kennels' Forget; Sterl &
Knowl«' Fleetjr Mist vs. C. McAndrews" Gov
ernor Mac; Yosemite Kennels' Freedom's Ban
ner vs. Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad; J.
Fmith's Master Workman vs. D. Toland'a
PIeasa.nt Girl: Curtis & Sons' Vulcan vs. F. A.
MoComb's Royal Fashion; P. Reilly's Cascade
vs. J. li KnwirtTW King's Cashier; O. Zahl'e
Miss Wilson vs. Pasha Kennels' Roundabout;
Fterl & Knowles' For Glory vp. F. A. Mc-
Comb'e Royal Flush; Chiarinl Bros.' Santonin
vs. J. J. Keenaii'B Lundin Links; W. C. Gla6
tcia'e Dewdrop \s. Clark & Growtage's Ideala;
Curtis & Sons' Shadow vs. H. Lynch's Ll!ac;
P. J. Healy's Lady Clare vs. Star Ker.neiB'
Game Boy; Star Kennels' Blackhead vs. Sterl
£ Knowles' Ripple; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence
vs. H. A- Deckelman's Ben Kirby; D. J.
Healy'B Slsquoc \t. J. Kennedy's Ever Shore;
F. A. McComb'e Bona Fide vs. V. J. Healy's
Tlburon; Clark & Growtage's Lady Flavia vs.
F". Jones' Wtdgewooi: J. Smith's Boney Boy
vs. Curtis & Sons' War Eagle; F. Jones' Lov
1n«. vs_ Pasha Kennels* liural Artist: Aeneld
Kennels' Ac-thra vs. Kterl & Knowles" O'Hara;
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles vs. Gold Dust Ken
nels' MaBormlesablb: Russell & Allen's Stray
away v*. P. Doyle's Thelma; Georg-e Shar
man's Ch!cajtf> Boy vs. W. Delaney's Aurecle;
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. Curtis &
Eons' McKlnley: Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs vs. O- Zahl's Homer Boy; Russell &
Allen's Sjilteful vs. R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son.'* The Levite: J. F. McCarthy's John Doe
vs. J. p. Thrift's Tyrone Prince; F. A. Me-
Corrb's Sir Pasha vs. Russell & Allen's First
Foot; J. J. Keenan's Dreadnaugrht vs. P.
Jackson's GoMen Russet; J. Kennedy's Wine
¦West vs. J. Cane's Master Davenport; Star
Kennels' Master Lawrence vs. Kay Bros.'
Hawker: F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn vs.
Curtis & Sons' Luxor; H. Lynch's Lottie M
vs. H. A. IJeckelman's Laurence; D. J. Healy's
Tapioca vs. A. Vanderburgh's Naughty Glri;
D. Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. George Sharman'e
liowery Bey; P. SteinhcfTs • Veto ve. F. A.
McComb's Motto.
The coursing- programme for Saturday
and Sunday at Union Park will be a 10S
dog open stalae. The draw shows many
of the bert hounds now running. It is
as follows: .
Maryland Legislature Passes
a Law Excluding the
Illiterate.
The effect of the law is, of course, large
ly a matter of conjecture and one upon
"which the party leaders widely differ. The
Democrats expect that it will disfranchise
about 22,000 negroes and perhaps 16,000
white voters. Of these, it is claimed, all
the negroes and about 50 per cent of the
white vote the Republican ticket. With
these out of the way, it Is held that the
•Btate will be safely Democratic for many
¦ years to come and that the immediate re-
Bult will be the election of a Democratic
Legislature next fall and of a Democrat
to eucceed United States Senator Welling
ton in 1302.
The most important change In existing
methods accomplished ' by the enactment
of the new law lies In depriving illiterate
voters of the assistance of ballot clerks
in preparing their ballots. Under the pre
vious practice these clerks accompanied
such voters Into the booths and marked
their ballots for them or showed them
how to do it. The Democrats claim that
this practice utterly destroyed the .secrecy
of the ballot and made it possible for cor
ruptlonists to learn whether bargains
made with corrupt voters had been car
ried out.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., March 2O.-The new
election bill, having for ¦ its object the
practical disfranchlsement of most of the
00,000 Illiterate voters of the State, passed
the Senate shortly after noon to-day. It
was Immediately sent to the House, where
all the amendments made by the Senate
were concurred in, and the bill passed. It
is now ready for the Governor's signature.
Costly Stock Exchange Seat
NEW YORK, March 20.— A Beat on. the.
New Vork Stock Exchange was sold • to
day for K2.000. This Is $000 more than the
previous high mark.
"WASHINGTON. March" 20.-Dlrector
General of Posts. Cotterman of the Philip
pines has reported to the Postofflce De
partment that within the past few months
a great many complaints have been re
ceived at Manila, indicating pilfering from
the malls. Most of the mail dispatched
from the Philippines, &s well as that re
ceived, orignates at army posts, • ¦where
there is no regular postofflce. Much of this
mall is carried between the army poet and
' the nearest postofflce In tied sacks on
. pack trains. The report goes Into detail
regarding the necessity, for lmartnts on
the wax seals of mail sacks as reccm
menfled by the Director General in a re
port received yesterday. Mr. Cotterman
requests a supply of 150 hand presses
with a die on each bearing a distinctive
number. He adds:
, "Many sacks of mail are carried on
' steamer* doing a local traffic throughout
the Islands, but which are not under Gov
ernment control. The crews of 'these
steamers are comprised wholly of native*
or Spaniards and the time has not arrived
'when these people can be trusted to any
extent."
FU.IPI2J0S TAMPEE
WITH AMERICAN' MAZL
ttters Supposed to Have Been Ab
stracted From Pouches by Not
Overtrustworthy Natives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CAJLL, THURSDAY^ MARCH 21, .1901.
Mayor Phelan Gives a Costly Specimen
of the Silversmith's Art as a Prize
for International Shooting Festival
HANDSOME CUP GIVEN
TO SCHUETZEN BUND
The mackerel fishing? on the south and
southwest coasts of Ireland has been a
failure this year.
San Baf ael Offlce-Seekera.
SAN RAFAEL. March 20.— The city ele©
tlon will be held on April 9.\ Numerous
candidates are in the field and the politi
cal pot is bolllnff. The candidates are:
Trustees— Stanley Moorehead, W. J. Mil
ler. James Hayden, Peter Williams; for
unexplred term of Henry Eickhoif. re
signed-J. B. Meyer. V. w. Cheda, J. H.
Shone; City Recorder— J. J. Murray, El
Gardner: City Attorney— Thomas P. Boyd.
J. W. Hawkins; Assessor— W. F. Dough
erty, Tobias Hock; City Marshal. John
E. Healy; Town Clerk— John Buslin;
Treasurer— A. E. Scott
4
OOOOOOOOOO O.O OOOOUOOOOOOOO-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOCOOQ OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00000000,000000000000a oooooooooooooooooooe
oooooooooooooooooooe 00000000000000000000
«««•«« 00OOOO0OOO0o ° HADMPCCTUr oooooooooooooooooooe
oooooooooooooooooooe IlAKNEoSiNG oooooooooooooooooooe
£° oo .° ooooooooooooc 00000000000000000000
S oo «2 oooooooooooooc ¦ iJ.- "'.*. ocoooooopooooooooooo
?^^n^«« oooooooooc THE ' oco-ooooooooooooooooc
nn™™^° O0O000O0C OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOC
°°°°°°°°° 0000000000c BS oooooooooooooooooooe
gooooooooooooooooooc svn , s p 0WER ooopecoeocoooo.oe, o.c
§: MY "UKVum* H ASAN p
H EXPERIENCES ;; *::: 7 . |j g FRANCISCO ||
00 - • 3OO0O00OOO0OOO0OQO0C OO
oo WITH .¦'¦• aooooooooooooooooooc CTDT 00
OO " ' 3O00OOOOOOOOO00O0O0C UlXClj OO
oo ¦ _ _ .¦__,_. aooooo ooooooooooo oo c • ' S
° ° MAHATMAS oooooooooooooooooooe T*J MfTTO YORK o c
oo * T *V* ****** aooooooooooooooooooc *** «!*" XUX\XV, oo
00 n _, oooooooooooooooooooe oc
oo By Colonel Olcott. oooooooooooooooooooe Bv Anne Patfe. oo
oo . . do ooooo o o o o ooooo oc oc J ° oo
° ° ¦ . f" oooooooooooooooooo c«, ..... 1, ...... a o
OO OO O OOOOO OOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOO POOO OOOO OOOO 00 000 00 300 OOOO
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
____g_
,~.~MARCH TWENTY-FOUR j
OOOOO OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOO^To^OO^O?^?!?^ 1^?????^^
o§Soooo§§oSSoS§So§§SSSoooooc^So 0000000000000000000000000
0OOOO000O0OO0OO0OOOO O 0OO00 0O3OOO00000o ooo 00 ooooooQQon°°°
!!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii>z^i3^iiiiiii!!Hiir!!HH
oooooooooooooooooooe THPATDTnir oooooooooooooooooooe
oooooooooooooooooooo THEATRICALS. °^^S OOOOOO °
oooooooooooooooooooe „ „ _ oooooooooooooooooooe
oooooooooooooooooooe By Harry Gates. gooooooooooooooooooc
oooooooooooooooooooe * V oooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooe oooooooooooooooooooe
0 0^™"™" ll ""«""""»"»*s»s«»s» : OfepOOOOOOOOOOOoooooo
%% %i GIRLS WHO It — ~ %l
|| BOOKS, ¦ || FENCE . || pAGES Qf ||
00 30 ' 00. O0
OO ITIf 1*tf\%X A VTT\ ¦ 00000 °OOOOOOOOOOOOOC oo
o° rICTlON AND oooooooooooooooooooe TNTFPF^TTNC oS
oo • : .fflHWIiWtiliiWL °° ft " nnft '" v ''" --- oo
oo -rAjIllUIIj. oooooooooooaoooooooc 5JTADTPC O0
°o ., ; oooooooooooooooooooe J A vflX I Cj. ' oo
00 - ooooooooooooooo-ooooc oo
00 . oooooooooooooooooooo -Oo
•?°1 i Pooooooooooooooooaor t>0
ftftnnnnn .^ __"" uoo °°°^ f-
oooooooooooooooooooo ooooooocooooooooooSSSS 00000000000000
s::ssssssssssss:ss:sss::ssss:iiiiiiiiili ssssss ->>«»ss:s
Wh at a 1 uxury ' " Pears'
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
•ell it, especially dru^giM*. •¦ - ¦ ...Blaze Starts in the Lazarette. and Spreads to the Cabin'and
Afterpart of the Vessel, Rendering the Ruddeiy Use
less — Crew Is Obliged to Jettison Half the Deckload
rHE new fcur-masted schooner.
Forest Home, has* made a bad
start. While on what is prac
tically her maiden voyage she has
been on firo and besides being
considerably damaged had to Jettison a
considerable portion of her deckload. The
news of her arrival yesterday at Callao
was good news even though the hull was
damaged and considerable of the cargo
gone. When the cable came the Forest
Home was 115 days cut from Puget Sound
and very grave fears were felt for her
safety.
The Forest Home was built at Marsh
field. Or., and went into commission the
latter part of 1900. She is 6S2 tons net
burden. 173 feet 4 inches long, 40 feet beam
and 15 feet 2 inches deep. From here she
wer.t to Port Gamble, where Captain Col
etrup took command. She was loaded
with 873,049 feet of lumber, valued at
SS74D, and en November 21 last a start was
made for Valparaiso. Just when the fire
broke out the cable does not state, but
it must have been Bome time ago as the
long passage was in all probability due
to the blaxe.
The cable to the Merchants' Exchange
is as follows:
"Schooner Forest Home arrived at Cal
lao March IS, from Port Gamble. Had
-been on fire. Stores and cabin damaged.
Part of deckload Jettisoned. Rudder un
serviceable." From this it would appear
that the fire broke out in the lazarette and
spread to the cabin. Before It could be
put out it must have charred the rudder
post to such an extent that the vessel
could not be steered until a Jury rudder
had been rigged. In this disabled con
dition the Forest Home made Callao,
where repairs wM be made. It will not
take the ship's carpenter long to make the
necessary repairs, so the schooner will
not be delayed more than a few days.
SIEBBA WINS THE BACK
Defeats Occidental and Oriental Com
pany's Coptic in Bun to Honolulu.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has
another flier in its fleet and the Sonoma
will have to look to her laurels. The
uteamship Sierra and the Occidental and
Oriental Company's Coptic sailed from
San Francisco for Honolulu on» March 7.
The Coptic passed Meiggs wharf at 1:50
p. m. and the Sierra at 7:40 p. m. .Ther6
¦was considerable wagering on the result
of the ClOO-mlle run, the bulk of the bets
going on the Coptic owing to the poor
showing mad« by the Sierra on her maid
en voyage. The Coptic's backers over
looked the fact, however, that all the de
fects in the Sierra had been rectified and
that she was in first-class order in every
department. The confidence of the Sierra's
backers has been rewarded as she beat
the Coptic by about 7 hours and 30 min
utes on the run to the Paradise of the
Pacific. „ , '¦
The Oceanic Company s Sonoma left
Honolulu at 9 p. m. on the 12th lnst.
When about four liours out she passed
the Sierra, under a full head of eteam,
racing for Honolulu. An hour and a half
later the Coptic waa passed and she also
was going fuUspeed. Allowing the Sierra
four hours in which to complete the voy
age and she must have made the run in
about 5 days 12 hours. She has the long
est part of her run still before her. how
ever, and will have to keep up her lick
in order to equal the Sonoma's record.
m
A Whaler Beats His Creditors.
Jose I>ominguez. a boat steerer on the
whaling brig Jeanette, was badly wanted
on the front yesterday afternoon. He se
cured a $200 advance note from the owner
of the vessel and had a good time on the
money instead of paying his debts. He
owes Manuel Lopez, who keeps a sailor
boardine-house, $168. and the latter got a
warrant out for the whaler's arrest.
Officer Henneberry was sent from the
Harbor Police Station to bring the man
ashore, but Dominguez got away. The tug
Monarch had the Jeanette in tow and
Dominguez was in one gasoline launch,
¦while Officer Henneberry was In another.
The Monarch and her tow passed between
the launches and Dominguez clambered
aboard thjj whaler, while all Henneberry
could do was to call on Captain Xewth to
heave his vessel to. The order was ig
nored and Dominguez is well on his way
to the Arctic Lopez will have to wait
twelve months for his money.
Islust Serve an Apprenticeship.
From now on no foreigner can be an of
ficer In the American mercantile marine
uslesa be has served five months on an
American vessel. Hitherto any outsider
could "declare his intention," pass his ex
amination before the local inspectors, and
Etep into the command of an American
vessel. This has all been changed now,
znuca to the Joy of American sailors.
Another change made by the Supervis
ing Inspector General Is this:
"Any person who has had five years'
experience on sail vessels, over 700 tons,
groes. two years of which must have been
*m master of such sail vessels, may be li
censed as master of ocean and coastwise
6t6am vessels."
The same rule applies to chief mates,
¦while second mates must have three
years" experience and one year's service
as second mate. Third mates need only
have the three years' experience.
Water Front Notes.
Hugo Bwanson, G. B. Johanson and
John H. Johnson got Into a row on the
corner of Spear and Folsom streets Tues
day night. Swanson drew a knife and
cut Johanson - in the neck and on the
right hand, and stabbed Johnson In the
right side. Dr. McElroy dressed both the
men's wounds at the Harbor Hospital,
•while Swanson had two charges of as
eault to murder placed against him at the
City Prison.
The City of Peking will not get away
for the Orient next Saturday. .While on
the drydock It was discovered that the
hub of her propellor Is cracked and that
Fhe requires a new tall shaft. It will
probably be Tuesday or Wednesday next
before she gets away.
The San Bias has been overhauled and
will take the place of the Peru on the
SCHOONER FOREST HOME ON FIRE
OFF THE SOUTH AMERICAN COAST
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times .and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Sunerlntendcnt. ,
ICOTE3 — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide lSjthe' same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 21,
-The. population of Zululandis I50,000,' 1 of
whom : only 500 are. Europeans. .
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosrraphic ¦ Of flee, ¦ TJ. . B. N., Mer
-. chants' ¦ Exchange, ¦ San ; Francisco,, Cal..
' MarchM, 1901.. - : . , ; .....
•The time balUwas dropped to-day one second
early.- ', C. • Q." CALKINS. .
Lieutenant Commander, U. ; S. N.. hi charge.
A New Dining' Table.
¦The latest in- the furniture line was ;re
celved by ' the Pa ttoslen Company ; about
750 ; new styles of solid , oak; highly pol
ished, round forty-flve-lnch top. at ; $11 50;
also a carload of different styles , of,dln
lng'chalrscame, all of twhlch, are to; be
soldatta bargain. . r Corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. &BxB&BUttEt£M
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ' the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the' last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) siKn precedes the- helgrht. . and! then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of 'reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.'
Sun rises G:13
Sun sets ....' ...6:22
Moon' sets ..."... 8:07 p. m.
Forty Japanese applied at the office of
County Clerk Deane yesterday for papers
declaring their Intention to become citi
zens, but all were refused. "When the
Japanese applied for the papers the mat
ter was referred to Chief Deputy County
Clerk Goddard, who, after a consultation
with County Clerk Deane. refused the ap
plications. Mr. Deane found authority
for his action in a decision of a United
States court, which held that Japanese
could not become, citizens.
¦ If was - stated by the Japanese that
many •"intention" papers have ; been Is
sued'to their countrymen out of the Unit
ed States courts. It was' further stated,
not by the Japanese, however, that, after
receiving these papers, ; they secure posi
tions on United States transports, which
they could not obtain, without the use of
the papers, the result being that many
whites were deprived of positions. This
Information, together with the decision
of the United States court referred to,
promoted Mr. Deane to refuse the papers.
If the Japanese wish they may now man
damus .the County Clerk and thereby
ncain bring the question of their right to
become citizens before the courts. ¦>';£¦
¦ Referring to the refusal to- grant the
Japanese first papers, Mr. Deane said
U "So^ne time ago a number of Japanese
earner before me and asked for their in
tention' papers. , I consulted , with ; Judge
Ttahrs who, however, was undecided and
gavo no opinion.: I therefore took if upon
myself to refuse them .in the hope that
they would bring the matter before the
courts.' but they let the matter drop. Yes
terday when they appeared before me I
refused them on the ground that they
were Mongols. Before doing so. however,
r consulted %tth Presiding Judge Dunne
and he advised me not to issue the
p£ *^Thcse Japanese are anxious to declare
their intention , of • becoming citizens in
order that : they - may ¦ secure positions in
the Government service. Once they are
in the Government employ they are. sat
isfied and do not car eMo become full clt
lzens.": - :¦¦ ''¦ ¦:' .>».' '• . ' ~ " .
Subjects of Mikado Are D«
ni«d First Pfp3rs by
County Clerk.
A masked robber Tuesday night attack
ed Miss Xellie Bannister on Sacramento
street, near Hyde, and relieved her of a
tan Jacket and a feather boa, which she
was wearlne. Miss Bannister lives at
1415A Jackson street. She had been visit
ing a friend and was on her way home
when she was attacked.
According to the story Miss Bannister
told at police headquarters yesterday she
was hurrying home and when near the
corner of Sacramento and Hyde streets
was suddenly confronted by the robber,
who, under threats of murder if she made
an outcry, commanded her to take off her
he would kill me if I re
fused," Miss Bannisier said in telling her
story. "I nervously • removed my Jacket,
which I had recently purchased, and
handed it to him. He gruffly took It and
after turning out the pockets and not
finding anything of value he ordered me
to take off my toa; All this time he held
nie by the arm so that I could not run
away, even If I wanted to. As he reached
for the boa he released his grip on my
BAR JAPANESE
FROM CITIZENSHIP
The mask he wore was of dark material
and completely covered his face. Every
effort is being made by the police to ap
prehend the desperado.
Miss Bannister describes the robber as
being about -5 feet 8 inches in height and
stocklly built. She does not believe she
would be able to recognize him in case
he is arrested.
arm. • Taking advantage of the oppor
tunity I ran along Hyde street as fast as
I could. The footpad called to me to stop,
but I continued running until I reached
my home. . In my mad efforts to escape
violence at the han'ls of the desperate
fellow I fell down and severely bruised
my arm. and have to carry it in a sling,
as vou see.". ."; -¦.-•>',
Frightened by Threats of Murder She Hands
"Over Her Jacket and Boa and Then
Breaks Away From the Highwayman
MASKED ROBBER ATTACKS
MISS NELLIE BANNISTER
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The steamer Charles D. Lane will load coal
at Seattle for this port: the ¦ Endeavor, poles
at Chemainus for Santa Rosalia; the Eureka,
lumber at Grays Harbur for Salinas Cruz; the
Halcyon, lumber and merchandise at this port
for Maxatlan; the Norwegian steamer Kvarven.
coal at Nanaimo for this port;. the Austrian
steamer Marianne, whtat here for a Mediter
ranean port. 40s; the Margretha, wheat at
Taccma for Europe. Zis 9d, prior to arrival.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday. March 20.
Btmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 87 hours from Grays
jj arbor.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 houn from
Greenwood.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 35 hours from
San Pedro. _
Stmr Mandalay. Reed. hours from Co
qullle River, via Crescent City 83 hours.
Ftmr Corona, Glelow, 60 hours irom San
Pedro, etc. ' ,_ -,*-''¦
Stmr Nome City. Daniels. .23 hours from
Eureka: bound to San Diego; put In to land
passeneets.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 42 hours from San
Pedro. Z
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Argo. Hughes. 52 hours from Coqullle
Br^'tmr Victoria, Blakey, 9« hours from Oy»-
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 60 hours from Tllla-
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 28 hours from Eu
"ft" bark Duplelx, Harang, 103 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Schr Newark. Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Schr Challenger, Anderson. 14 days from Port
Blakeley. CLEARED .
T\ r ednc«aay. March 20.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka; Chas
Stmr' San Bias, Catarinich. San Jose de
Guatemala; Pacific Mall SS Co.
Nor stmr Kvarven. KanlU. Nanalmo; Cal &
Oriental SS Co.
Wednesday. March 20.
Etmr Chlco, Dearborn, Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. Ban Diego.
Stmr Whltesboro. Ol*en. •
Btmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Btmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Btmr Nome City, Daniels, San Diego.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnoen, Eureka.
• Btmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. Port' Harfonl .
Stmr Navarro. Hansen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Luella. Madsen.' Caspar.
Ptmr Chas D Lane. Ames, Seattle.
Btmr Matteawan. Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr South Coast, Oleen, .
Btmr Noyo. Johnson. Fott Brajr*.
Nor stmr Kvarven. Kanilz. Nanalmo.
Br «tmr Brtetol. Melntyre. Chemainus.
fihip Berlin. Glllespi*. O>oks Inlet.
Bchr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Jennie Stella. Krt*. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 20—10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind W. velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Feb 4, no lat. Ion 73 W— Br ship Albyn,
hence Dec 22, for Queenstown.
Feb 24. lat 28 N. Ion 43 W— Ship Dirigo.
hence Oct 20. for Liverpool.
Feb 27. lat 1SN. Ion 30 W— Fr bark Europe,
from Oregon, for Queenstown, and not as be
fore reported.
March 16. lat 4 43 W, Ion 84 W— Ger bark
Alsternlxe. hence Oct 14. for Queenstown. ¦
MISCELLANEOUS.
CALLAO. March 19— Bchr Forest Home ar
rived from Portland. Had been on fire; stores
and cabin damaged. Tart of deck load was
Jettlson«rd and rudder unserviceable.
DISASTER. .
"VICTORIA. March 20— Stmr Willamette, pre
viously reported ashore on Denman Island,
Voko in two last night and is now a total
wreck.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 20— G«r
ship Msrgretha, from Santos; schr Endeavor,
from Callao.
Arrived March 20— Schr Chas E Falk, from
Honolulu.
CASPAR — Arrived March 20 — Stmr Samoa,
hence March 19.
RAN DIEGO— Sailed March 20— U S stmr
Iowa, fcr San Francisco.
PORT G A MULE — Sailed March 20-Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— A rrived March 20— Schr Mabel
Gray, front Redondo; stmr Pomona, hence
Sailed March 20— Schr Mary Buhne, for San
F S B i( l N l8 PEDRO-Sa!led March 20-Stmr W II
K nicer for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 20— Schr
Reporter, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 1»— Jap stmr Kin-
Fhiu' M*ru. from Victoria. March 20-Stmr
Hvades. hence March 16. I
Launched March 1»-Bktn James JohnsoJl.
Arrived March . 20 — Br stmr Moyune, from
' NF.AH BAY— Passed In March 20— Br utmr
' M*oa from Port Lof Angeles, for Nanaimo;
itrnr Santn. Barbara, hence March 16. for Se
* ttlC ' EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed March I>— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 19— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver. -_
Sailed March i>— Stmr Victoria, for Taeoma.
LIZARD— Passed March 19— Ger bark Schil
ler, from Hamburg, for— -: '
IQUIOUE— Sailed March 4— Ger bark Thal
irm. for Royal Roads. - ' ¦- -'
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to March IS— Schr
Proper, from Puget Sound. -
FLEETWOOD— Arrived March 1>— Br ship
Afrn A law. hence Sept «. '_ -
ANTWERP— Arrived 17— Ger ship J
W W»>n<?t. hence Oct 17-
ACAPULCO— Arrived March 14— Br ship Dy
nomene. from . Newcastle. Aus.
NAIT.ES— Arrived March 16— Br Btmr Hyson.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived off March 17— br
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
ship Marathon, from Orpsron. and ordered to
Antwerp, and sailed March 19.-
GUAIMAS-Salled March W-Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
SALIXA CRUZ— Sailed March 20-Schr Jo
seph Russ, for Pert Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG-Salled March 2»-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 2ft— Stmr Majes
tic, for Liverpool; stxnr Kensington, for Ant
werp.
Arrived March 20— SUnr Noordland, from
Antwerp.
Arrived March 20— Stmr Lahn, from Bremen
and Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON — Bailed March 20 — Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for
Nev York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 20-Stmr
Et Louis, from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived March IS — Stmr Hyson,
from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 20— Stmr Luslt
anla, from St John. N B.
BOULOGNE— Sailed March 1>— Stmr Bul
garia, from Hamburg:, for New York.
BROWHEAD— Passed March 20— Stmr Ger
manic, from New YorU, for Queenstown and
Liverpool; stmr Commonwealth, ¦ from Boston,
for Queenstown and Liverpool.
Panama run. The Peru sails on May 11
for the Orient, taking the Rio de Janeiro s
run.
WHILE ON HER WAT FROM PUGET SOUND TO VALPARAISO WITH A
CARGO OF LUMBER THE SCHOONER FOREST HOME CAUGHT FIRE
AND PUT INTO CALLAO IN DISTRESS.
J. epeei
* Sanr
5 ui
£ 39c
•
OIL LAND TAXES
FORM PROBLEM
Kern County Ha§ Questions
of New Sort Yet to Be
DutfirmiTipH
. *J w uwl XXI lilt. U.
Thousands of Acres Taken Up in
Desert — Leasing of Large
Areas Goes On. in many
Sections. -
The Kern County oil men are concerned
over the assessments of oil lands for pur
poses of taxation. The Assessor has
made the statement that he, would assess
the lands .at the price that they were
held at by the owners. This met with
protest, and a proposition was then ad
vanced to make the assessment $1000 per
acre a uniform valuation. The oil men
demand a reduction from that rate. A
suggestion has been made by a man re
cently from Wood County, Ohio, that the
assessment should be at the rate, of $100
per well, which is the custom In Ohio.
At any rate that Is adopted, Kern County
will have no reason to complain of a
lack of revenue for many years to come.
Reuben Houck's mule kicked Into view
a rich deposit of asphaltum In one of the
hitherto undeveloped sections of the Mc-
Kittrlck district a few days ago. Two
shafts have been sunk in asphaltum since
that lucky kick. Oil may also be found in
the locality^ ' » -•
Forty rigs are at work in the Coallnga
district, which is now the scene of much
activity. : . ' . ¦
Six thousand acres in the Mojave des
ert have been filed on by Eastern parties,
who believe that there is a chance to de
velop oil there.
There eetnis to be a general Impression
among the operators In the Kern River
field, so says the Bakersfleld Calif ornian,
that the wells do better if kept on the
beam for a few months until large quan
tities of sand that enter the casing are
exhausted. Consequently many are pre
paring to lay up their power plants and
raise th© oil by the more expensive but
more satisfactory method.
Work is about to begin on the lands
near Rosalia, Wash. Machinery has been
purchased.
Well Near Stockton Urged.
W. W. Westbay. of Stockton Is urging
the sinking of an experimental well near
Stockton. It is probable that the experi
ment will be made.
Santa Rosa parties have been looking
over the Paterson ranch in Bennett Val
ley. A flow of gas has been found there
that burns, so ."ays the Santa Rosa Demo
crat.
Farmers and business men of Tehama
and Glenn counties have formed a- gas
and oil company and have leased 15,000
acres of land: The persons interested in
the enterprise live in Paskenta, Newvllle
and Orland.
The Marin Journal says:
A week or more ago several parties filed upon
tide and overflow lands on Bollnas Bay under
the mineral laws of the United States, the ob
ject belnr to secure .the benefits which may
arise from the oil developments which are now
going on. Most If not all of these lands have
been »old to Bollnas people by the State of
California, and the owners propose to contest
the claims of these persons who have flled
upon the land. The owners have employed E.
B. Mart inelll as their attorney to look after
their Interests. The boring for oil continues.
The Harvey well was down SCO feet on Tues
day.
. Prospecting in Northern Counties.
The Vacavllle Leader says that from the
Capay Valley In the south to Redding in
the north the oil belt of the western side
of the Sacramento Valley is alive with
active developments. Every road is full
of people passing from point to point look
ing for available locations. The necessary
result Is the rapid, advance in the value
of lands. Acreage which could be ob
tained for t few dollars per acre a'few
months ago Is now held at $30 or $40, and
In some localities where the oil indica
tions are the most favorable at $10) or
more.
C. B. Forward.' general manager of the
Forward Reduction Company of Cleve
land, Ohio, has written to H. G. James of
Los Angeles that he has succeeded in
making lubricants of all grades 'from the
heavy gravity Callfprnla oils, from the
lightest to the heaviest machine oil, and
to the heaviest machine cycinder oils
j which are superior to anything else now
on the market.
Within a few days, so says the Santa
Rosa Republican, drills will be busy with-'
in four miles of Hopland, In McDowell
Valley.
.Five leases of land for oil exploitation
were recently recorded In one day In
Santa Cruz, .aggregating 250 acres.
The Angels Record has a story of find
ing natural gas in large quantity in Cala
veras County. The finder Is Henry Spm
olla. The report continues:' "While he
( was at- work sinking a shaft on Centra*
(Hill he struck a stronc flow of naturul
gas. The shaft in which the flow was en
' countered is at' a' depth of 120 feet and is
\ in sand. About twelve feet of blue gravel
¦ was first passed through, then four feet
; of lava, then a stratum carrying gas. Spin
; olla.was sharp enough to turn the pas to
; account and is working by the light of
« burning gas. This may be an evidence of
i oil and we may have an oil craze in this
• vicinity."
' Locations in San Luis Obispo.
; Over 2000 mining locations have been
' flled in San Luis Obispo County by the
County Recorder 'since last April, mainly
. on account of the search for oil.
Captain Lucas, who discovered the
• Beaumont gusher in Texas, also found
out the new rich field In' West Virginia.
: The Summerland Advance Courier
1 says a proposition is under consideration
which may result In the sinking of deep
, wells in the Summerland district, on the
; Ortega ranch. No one has yet thorough
; ly explored the district. Well drillers
> have been satisfied to stop in the first,
i second or third sand, at depths varying
i from 60 to 500 feet. Several applications
t have been made to the owners of the
Ortega ranch to lease small strips,' but
| the owners have preferred to sell the
; ranch to leasing It. A movement Is on
foot to buy, bond or lease the entire prop
; erty with the purpose of developing it
' fully.
\ Natural gas is reported to have been
i discovered oh the ranch of O. P. Mills
". on the San Felipe road, Evergreen. Santa
Clara County. The San Jose Herald Is
1 authority for the statement, which Is In
'• substance that while wells were being
,' sunk for water for county use, the flow
' of gas was so Strong that men at work
, were nearly asphyxiated. .
.A 1 correspondent of the . London Pet
1 roleum Review .writes that recently the
> Dutch India oil has made some headway
r In the Orient. , Borneo oil Is gradually
2 being placed on sale at all the various
1 distributing ports, of the Far East from
" Penang to Yokohama. A Japanese capi
talist, -Mr.;' Asano, has arranged for.lm
- porting about . 2.000,000 gallons of Borneo
' oil per month. The first shipment reached
» Japan in November last. In 1SS9 the im
" portatlons into China were 40.724.9S9 gal
t Ions of American oil; 35,695,116 of the Rus
sian and 11,993,202 of the Dutch Indian oil.
. Each port In the Far East -has its own
.' method of -distribution. Competition is
- threatened In the Japanese supply. In the
province of Echigo • the oil industry Is
• old, possibly hundreds of years, but has
\ hitherto been conducted on a small scale
2 'with rude; and ancient appliances. It is
• now on an American basis and large capi
tal is employed. -.The Standard Oil Com
pany has acquired land in the province
for the location of a refining plant. Pipe
- lines are also coming Into favor In Japan.
", Concerning Pipe Lines.
s A. S. Cooper writes to the Mining and
0 Scientific Press that In planning for pipe
\ lines the flow of water has to be taken as
; a standard from which the comparison of
1 the flow of petroleum can be approxlmate
1 ly determined. When the fluidity of pet
t roleum Is ascertained then by comparing
t It with the. fluidity, of water the flow of
» oil through pipe lines can be determined if
' a' certain, quantity of .water. In ( a given
9 time .flows .: through.-:.- a- pipe .• line.
; One half as much' petroleum oil will flow
j through the ;. same «• pipe ; line in the "¦ samo
i time. Tables that give the 'flow of water
i are to a great, extent applicable to tltc
1 flow 'of petroleum through .pipe' lines,
a when the viscosity, of the water. and oil
are 'compared. ' Heavy- petroleum at a
'¦¦ temperature of 200 degrees will, flow- from
.-¦¦ ten -to -forty =- times 'quicker ' through an
- orifice than- when! the oil 'Is at l a tempera
. ture of sixty degrees. ;, >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1901.
TO SAIL.
5
Steamer. Destination. ISalls. Pier.
March 21.
Rainier Seattle & N\ Wbat. 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Coquille River pm Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct ,. 2 pm Pier 7
March 22.
"W. Kruger... TUlamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m 8.W. 2
C. Nelson.... Seattle via Eureka. 5 pra Pier 2
Umattlla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldf 9 am Pier 13
Mnrch 23.
Acme ... Tillamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 23
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point "Arena .. 2 pm Pier 2
- March 24.
Pomona Humbpldt 2 nm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 an Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Mnreli 25.
Empire Coo« Bay 12 m Pier 13
N«wburg..:.. Grays Harbor ...... S pm Pier 2
City Pekins.. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS •
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
.Mnrch "(I.
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 27.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Destination.
Sails.
Steamer. 1 From. Duo. I
Fulton Portland Mar. 21 I
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 21 i
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21 I
Point Arena. ...Point Arena Mar. 21
Fanta Rosa San Diego Mar. 21
NewburK Grays Harbor Mar. 22
\V. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 22
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Arab Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic .China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cal Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtcnaw..., Tacoma Mar. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 21
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
¦Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Nanalmo Mar. 25
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 25
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 23
North Fork Humboldt ' Mar. 26
O. \v. Blder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 28
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades.......t. Seattle Mar. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Mar. 27
Corona T... Newport Mar. 27
From.
Duo.
Time " Time - • Time ' Time
Date - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
; L ,\V ... H W U W II W
21 ... 5:50 ,0.1 12:24 6.5 6:00 1.1 ...... T.~~".
HW..L.AV; HAV L. W
23:.. 0:21 6.0 «:36 — 0.1 1:20 6.2 6:42 1.6
H '... 1:00 6.0 7:30 -0.2 , 2:20 4.8 7:26 2 0
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26-4.2 3:25 4.7 8:16 2*4
2*. ./. 2:S4 5.8 3:30-0.1 4:36 4.5 9:18 j.j
2« ... 3:29 5.6 10:40 0.0 B:4<» 4.9 10:40 3 1
27 ... <:37 5.4 11:48 0.0 6:59 4.6 ...",
Steamer. Destination. ISalls. Pier.
March 21.
Rainier Seattle & N\ Wbat. 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Coquille River pm Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct ,. 2 pm Pier 7
March 22.
"W. Kruger... TUlamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Mandalay Coqullle River 10 am Pier 2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m 8.W. 2
C. Nelson.... Seattle via Eureka. 5 pra Pier 2
Umattlla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldf 9 am Pier 13
Mnrch 23.
Acme ... Tillamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 23
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S.W. 1
Point Arena.. Point "Arena .. 2 pm Pier 2
- March 24.
Pomona Humbpldt 2 nm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 an Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Mnreli 25.
Empire Coo« Bay 12 m Pier 13
N«wburg..:.. Grays Harbor ...... S pm Pier 2
City Pekins.. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS •
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
.Mnrch "(I.
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 27.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sonoma Sydney and Way.. 9 pm Pier 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Destination.
Sails.
Time " Time - • Time ' Time
Date - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
; L ,\V ... H W U W II W
21 ... 5:50 ,0.1 12:24 6.5 6:00 1.1 ...... T.~~".
HW..L.AV; HAV L. W
23:.. 0:21 6.0 «:36 — 0.1 1:20 6.2 6:42 1.6
H '... 1:00 6.0 7:30 -0.2 , 2:20 4.8 7:26 2 0
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26-4.2 3:25 4.7 8:16 2*4
2*. ./. 2:S4 5.8 3:30-0.1 4:36 4.5 9:18 j.j
2« ... 3:29 5.6 10:40 0.0 B:4<» 4.9 10:40 3 1
27 ... <:37 5.4 11:48 0.0 6:59 4.6 ...",
Steamer. 1 From. Duo. I
Fulton Portland Mar. 21 I
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 21 i
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21 I
Point Arena. ...Point Arena Mar. 21
Fanta Rosa San Diego Mar. 21
NewburK Grays Harbor Mar. 22
\V. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 22
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Arab Tacoma Mar. 23
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 23
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic .China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cal Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtcnaw..., Tacoma Mar. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 24
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 21
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
¦Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Tltanla Nanalmo Mar. 25
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 25
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 23
North Fork Humboldt ' Mar. 26
O. \v. Blder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 28
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 26
Hyades.......t. Seattle Mar. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 27
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Mar. 27
Corona T... Newport Mar. 27
From.
Duo.
Success camps with Success. I can
put you next to the money-makers of
Sunset District.
JAS. R. T. MERSHfjy,
5S7, 538, 539, 550 Parrott Building:,
SAN FRANCISCO. CA1*
llembfr of San Francisco Oti Exehane*
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges In my ofOce.
Directory
Reputable
*s? OIL
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset, SO acres McKlttrlck. 320 acre*
in Coallnga. Now drilling in Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEX-
1CKE. Secretary, room (14 Parrott blAg. S. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COMPANY
Owns 4414 acres 8 miles west of Arbuckle.
Colusa County, in the heart of the oil district.
Farafflne base oil. Limited amount of stock
at SOc. 30,000 shares sold In 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Office
630 MABKtT ST., San Francisco.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Lands in heart of Kern River l>ist. ; owns $23
acres; 100,000 shares capital stock: limited
amount of treasury stock for sale at 75 cent*.
Write or call for Information and :irwpccti»a.
CHAS. CONKLIX. Sec. Genl. office, «67 Market.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
j One well finished producing over' 400 bbl».
: per day. Well No. 2 commenced. Water well
! completed. Small amt. of stock at SO cents.
| ta Parrott bid*.. 8. y.
! Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing well.
• * 20c Per Share.
Write or cal] for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. <71 Parrott Building.
JUAN1TA OIL CO.
Stock now 10c per share: 2 wells drilling: I
contracted; asphalt for sale; price advances
1 April 10 to 23c per share: 1000 acre* McKlttrlck.
; and proven oil land. Suznmerland; best oil com-
pany in California; new prospectus and map.
I W. M. Richards. Vice President. 638 Market st.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLCT" OIL
COMPANY— Controls 100© acres of U. 8. patent-
ed land in Xapa County where, the finest lubri-
cating oil in California Is found; stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. £70 and ST1 Parrott
bulldlne. San Francisco.
"SAUNAS OIL AfD DtYEUPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRE3 IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 300 fact: »maH amount of treasury
»tock at -i* per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OLSZN.
Secretary. SV4 Parrott bulldlnx. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKlttrlck District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block or
Mock (or sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nlsh-.i at room 60S Safe Deposit Building. C3
Montgomery st. '
THE WELLINGTON
. OF SUNSET— PROVEN Oil. LAND.
Controls 440 acres. Are drilling. Sora* Mock
Is being sold at 50c per share. Information and
prosD«ctua furnished on apollcatlon. No. 2, .
Second Floor. Mills Euildlns. Saa Francisco.
£ Golf Clubs and Oaddy emmmfSP KRAn^fcffifcBll SSI il Ono hundred nood £
i BaOS at reduced prices this week— fg gSB* ST OfS R*H #&£* g3 SB H Ifi Smokos for 65o-^ ,thi$ £
J «, O o CIu u <1 nn HHfliL week— thcss.tine littlr -OflOC/< Of .«
5 Jr. 50 SuS: sl'.oo H B™^ afWl Iyh Ci8an ~ box of IOO> 65Cm 5
$,$i!so Bags.'.'.'.','.".'* ...5^75 P Obfalen Ifcnle ftflUra » 1». PI "Qay Coney Island" $
«f ji.50 Bags.. $1.OO CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AinERICA'S CIRANDEST STORE Show— Dvlynom 9 A. M.— FfOO £
I Specials for Thursday. |
5 To-day's sale of Silk Poplins is timely. Two and a half weeks before Easter to $
$ have it made up. It is specials of this kind— new, fashionable, up-to-date 5
| things— advertised at the times that they are most wanted, that have made The 5
| ¦Emporium sales .such a phenomenal success. The savings to be made on our jj
5 specialofferinsjs are rarely less than one-quarter, and often one-half and more. 5.
| 23c Veilings 12c. tHii& i
K A special purchase of 4000 yards of manufacturer's over-production of stylish Novelty Veilings — ~x
V this season's hat Stvla — all silk, 18 inches wide, black, plain or dotted Tuxedo, and a so V3%g§>x^£^ "¦*
£ select styles in magpie, royal and brown vei'iings, the regular 25c quality — special 4 ' *% •*
H . to-day only, per yard ." • ' B&mG V*j.^^^;\v
§ Stylish Poplins Sale of Spachtel Crumb j&art^ 1
g 77c Instead of SI w Bureau Scarfs. Trav &&' %
Jf A good heavy quality of rich finished Silk Pop- Just a small lot (30 dozen) of Sw'is mtd.eOpen- , Jf .S
S lin, in such popu'ar co'orngs for spring and work Scarfs, lull sire, 18x54. inche3, rnids Z&Eld BfBISfo Cm J€
ft summer as ie;eda, goblin, brown," cream, jf of first-clasf cloth, in a number of good de- yr v j v v 9
it turquoae, nary, garnet, gr»y, lavender, ma- ' sigrs, will be offered at special tale to-<iay at " wc f ad BOUgflt \r
K genta, modes, etc., the quality that tetaili just about half what they ars them in the reg- J*
j£ regularly for $1.00 per yard, will be, offered worth, each 2£%JC ula'r way they >$Ej^S*fej* Jfr "jf
K . for special sale to-day (Thurs lay) 'Tiff* ' would have COSt "5
* on y ••'• .'••' . ' -¦ • _ _ y° u 75c; the £
Jf — . . Sale Of Men S SHU tny u made of heavy metal, niciel «
$ c« GO New Box Handkerchiefs P la£ed » fanc y wm always |
5 &oiO u new 00A . k ccp bright md not likc silver . a g
£ Jackets §3.45. ItfC,^/C,J/C. good bristle brush, with curved handle j{
If Just like picture; The baWcf the very large lot of Men's Silk and mcul back , the g
*¦¦ ' *il^ $ZSM "p-Sfj.T^^/S £ e X>, m -^7 only. . 49C |
V ' I / Mm. ii \i about or.e-h3lf their real worth. Jf
t W? iS^^"^^"^""^ Specials in the $
£ I '# \ \ $5m**5 Ten d ffirent tend*, many of them extra large ™ « n ° 5
5 (i K\ $13.50 Instead of szr,, that usually seU for 75c, spe- Q _ (^) ?S iwrf"^ *
* l> 0 C l^yitybEton al'-wool cam- . I b ue boHcr decora- S
K /l G\S C !' bair, pebble Cheviot 11 tj m excdlent X
K fot^f tailor dress, black only; Bumf Leather \\\ value at $,.50 a I
V f 1 H J»cket U !Ulc hned and - MM Bm..mm* «. O T-* JL dozen; to-Jay _ 3t
1 Jf L^"' V the whole dress is made FgiQlO MlUJittiS dSY Cm only eich 9C J»
* ¥ ' in best mann:r; regularly Burnt Leath-^^rr^Kr—rrnSv fSgBa M^ J^ Mu-h Bowll 6c
• 5 -, , '- * °'46f^ <5fl er .covered iV^E&Je^W^s. 'ttS^^^^S^^/ ~ En 6 Esh »««»"*
. J special to-day only. ......... 9'^0V AlbumsW af»K»Ov p o r c e lain, pink. X
I Jf SaTC Sui', all (ilk lined, reg- |g«A f%f% containing /\. green or blue border
! ft ular'y $15.00, to-day only «^f O»l/€/ 14 art pj- N^^- 1 ' ,', »^'»>* decorations; worth 10c— to-cay only, g+ Jt
** 30c Instead of 75c for hundreds of fine Per- per leaves "~ «'h O X? "x
X , cale Waists, full fronts Mild French backs, for any s : ze picture up to 4x5 inch s, an arti- Glass Decanter 23c— Thin b'.own, clear gla • «•
• !C all tizes, on sa'e to-day only, each . a cle that would te cheap (or 6oc, en _ decanter, quart siie, good value fcr
J 3SJC special sa'e to-day ony at 35c each — to-day only dm%2Q ]%
THE EMPORIUM.
"Why Some Children Are Rtstless
and nervous even their own mothers
are unable to tell. Possibly they have
been given coffee or tea to drink. Fig-
prune Cereal, made from choice Cali-
fornia fruits and selected grains, is a
beneficial substitute. Figprune will
feed the nerve centers. It will make
the child strong and healthy. Madi
like coffee. Looks like coffee. But—
it's 54 per cent fruit and 46 per cent
If you don't feel just right substitute
Figprune Cereal for coffee. It's the per-
fect food beverage. At grocers
A New Method of Using Fruit
is to prepare it in such a manner that
it still retains all of its natural prop-
erties and then combine it with se-
lected grains, thereby producing a per-
fect breakfast beverage. This is the
way Figprune Cereal, the substitute
for coffee and tea, is made. Your
grocer sells it. Ask for sample.
FIGPRUNE CEREAL.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gram.
It's a Mother's Duty
to see that "the children's teeth receive
the
DENTIST'S
attention at an early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular crowtb,
loosening, etc.
1 Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etc., is done
in a highly skillful manner.
Teeth repeated $5.00 Gold fillings St. 00
Silver Fillings 50c Bone Fillings 50c
Chalmers Dental Co.,
I3S Pcwill St., San Franci co.
V^rll burn
Our well No. i down 835
feet. Using our own oil for
fuel. Seven best wells In
Sunset district within 150
feet of our property
Stock only 25c Call or write
Iroquois Oil Co.
615 Examiner B'ld'g S; T.
OIL— WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELL8. FOR IRRIGATION. FO*R
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANK$
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CYANIDE
- PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
TEE FMTHURSDAY .MARCH 21, 1901
. . » - . . -'.-¦..
=
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ACcrcsi All CociBUdcationi to W. E- LEAKS, Xan&ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. .* Telephone Press 2O4
riULICATION OFFICE... Slarkct and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
KDITOm.lL BOOMS 217 to 221 Sterenion St.
Telephone Press 2O2. , ¦
Delivered hy Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mncrle Copies, T> Cents.
Terms hy aiail. Including Postacet
EAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year JS.00
X\A.ILT CALL Oneludlng Sunday). « month* 3.00
PAILT CALX, Or.cludiuir Sundav). 3 months 1.E0
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 6»c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All poMmastern tire authorized to receive
Babscriptlons.
E*mpi» ccplei will be forwarded when requested.
Mall *abscril>ers In crderlr.gr chane* of address should be
rartlcular to clve both M^V AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure & prompt *nd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA5D OFFICE 111S Uroadwar '
C. GE0RGI5 KROGXESS.
Xtsiftr forties Advertising, Karqnttt* Boiliisg, Chicago,
<Lonc Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
N-ETT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO\ ...Herald Sq.nare
J.TTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES li. SMITII 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NF~S STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 21 Union Square:
Siwray mil Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan Ilouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
»«ncnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE 14OO G St., V. W.
MORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
Un AXCir OFFICES — £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tint!! S:3C o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until * 9 :30 o'plock. C3
McAllister, open until 8:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until !
f :S0 o'clock. 1?41 Mlfslcn, open until 10 o'clock. I2C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1C* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Tnrenty-seccTid and Kentuckv. open until $ o'clock.
Dr. George F. Shrady of New
York.
A Russian diplomat has sneeringly advised Eng
lrnd to capture Dewet before she seeks trouble els-
•.vktre. This seems to be a reasonable indication that
our British friends have tried to bluff with nothing in
Their- hands and have been called.
The Council of Gilroy has legislated eleven saloons
ot't of existence, and still the people of the town fee!
that they arc in no danger of thirst Somebody must
be distributing Carrie Nation tracts in the neighbor
fiood. \
Husbands arc very evidently a drug. on the market
in the State of Washington. A wife who killed one
of them a short time ago has been sentenced to'
terve a term in prison for only eighteen rqonths.
Germany is showing indications that she wants to
Ect out of China. For the peace of the world it is
sincerely to be hoped that this particular German wish
will be gratified.
_, The merchant princes who have traveled half across
the continent to be our guests marvel at our"remark
able.; development. , They must \ impress, upon them
selves the interesting fact that we 'have only just be
gun to know # ourselves.
1 •¦ • Shall ; Sari" Francisco ; erect for, the public • library a
.building -.worthy < of ¦ the : institution and - the city, : or
shall • we do something to attract • Mr. Carnegie's : at
tention to our needs, as has been done by New York
'andibySt/; Louis?. . -
( An Oakland. husband, defendant in a divorce suit
pleads that; his wife should have found, no fault with
him because ; he aimed- a revolver at herhead. Per
haps the', lady did not consider that an expert knowl
edge of the difference between malice and idiocy was
one of her marital obligations.
Mr. Addicks of Delaware has his faults,, but he is a
stayer and, with the experience of Clark of Montana
and Quay "before our eyes, it is a pretty safe bet he
will win out in- the end and have. the pleasure of
taking his, seat in the Senate and making speeches
against corruption artd chicanery.
It is known that ?Sarah Bernhardt has a hard time
with her pet dogs, as most of the hotels in this coun
try have regulations against admitting them; but now
Sarah has a new one on the hotel-keepers. She has
acquired at New" Orleans a live alligator six feet Ionrr
and is taking him along, as a traveling companion
and challenging hotel clerks to show any rules against
alligators.
WHENEVER the Legislatures of the various
States are in session the country gets the bene
fit of something like a variety show on a large
scale. In almost every State capital there arises some
new statesman who has a plan for curing a social de
fect by an act of legislation as simple as a patent pill
This year we have not had such a brilliant display of
legislative meteors as in the past, but still something
has been done for instruction and amusement, and it
will be worth while to give at least a casual attention
to the more meritorious of the performances.
In the shows of the year our own Legislature made
almost no display. It was quiet. The reformers were'
not conspicuous in the proceedings of either house.'
Consequently we must look away from home to see
what might be done in the way of improvement if
only it were possible to get it by statute.
In Wisconsin the Legislature has been called upon
to consider a bill for the promotion of matrimony,
but we regret to say the details of the bill have never
been sent to this coast. The Wisconsin solons appear
to have kept it quiet as a local monopoly, and doubt
less intend to get it copyrighted if it works well. Dela
ware legislators were too much taken up with the
Senatorial deadlock to do much, but they found time,
nevertheless,. to debate a question of admitting to the
whipping-post wives who beat their husbands, the
object of the bill being to give to husbands the same'
protection against ill-treatment at home that is given
to wives. Connecticut has discussed the advisability
cf establishing punishment at the whipping-post for
wife-beaters and kidnapers, and the chief argument for
it has been that if the punishment were provided it
would never be necessary to put it into practice, as
the class of people who would be liable to its penal
ties would leave. the Stste and go to New York.
In New Hampshire there has been an effort to
bring about reform in judicial proceedings by abol
ishing the Supreme Court and establishing in place of
it two courts of five Judges each, one to have final
jurisdiction on questions of law and the other on
questions of Fact. Here again we miss details and
arc not aware what forces arc back of the reform,
what arguments have been given to sustain it, or what
the Supreme Court has done to lead to the demand
for its immediate suppression. It has indeed been
suggested in a vague sort of way that the railroads
are supporting it with the desire to clear a way for
the reorganization of the Supreme Court in railroad
interests, but that explanation" must not be too eagerly,
accepted. It is to be remembered that'in New Hamp
shire they attribute to railroad influences everything
from the defeat of Senator Chandler to the condition
of the weather.
Before the New York Assembly there is a bill giv
ing the State Board of Health full power to regulate
the type and the leads of all publications from news
papers to books, the object being to prevent the pub
lication of anything in type so small or blurred as to
cause injury to the eyes of readers. It is an.interest
ing bill and we should like to see it tried out— in New
York.
The boss bill of the season is before the Legislature
Of Illinois! It requires that air advertisements shall
tell the truth, and creates a, State Advertising Censor
to. carry out its provisions. If that bill be' adopted
the censor will be a bigger, man and have a harder
office than any other official in these -United States.
To settle the advertising of merchants who claim to
sell better goods for less money than any one else will
CURIOSITIES OF LEGISLATION.
..In considering the value of this tribute to Lincoln's
character it is to be borne in. mind that Sir Edward
Malet during his long career in the diplomatic service
of his country came into contact with all the great
men of the generation that is now passing away. He
knew Gladstone, Bismarck, Thiers, Beaconsneld and,
in short, all the statesmen,, warriors and rulers of
Europe and America. His tribute to Lincoln is there
fore worthy of remembrance. It is an evidence that
the memory that Americans so dearly love and vener
ate is held in an almost equal reverence by the best
minds of all nations.'
Speaking of Lincoln, Sir Edward Malct says: "O£
all the great men I have known he is the one who
has left upon me the impression of a sterling son of
God.-. Straightforward, unflinching, not loving the
work he ihad to do, but facing it with a bold and
true heart; mild whenever he had a chance; stern as
iron when the public weal required It* following a bee
line "to the goal, which duty, set before him. I can still
feel the grip of his massive hand and the searching
look of his kindly eye."
LINCOLN'S PERSONALITY.
SIR EDWARD MALET, after a career of forty
one years in the British diplomatic service, has
retired to lettered ease and is now engaged in
writing his memoirs. The first volume, which has
just been published" is of interest to Americans, for
it deals with the period when Sir Edward was attached
to the British Ministry at Washington and refers to
many notable men of our country during the civil
war, chief among them, of course, being Abraham
Lincoln. -
The love and veneration with which Americans re
gard the memory of Lincoln are so intense that our
judgments of his personality are inevitably colored by
them; consequently there is always something to b
gained by noting how the great President appeared
to the representatives of other nations who watched
him from a standpoint radically, different from our
own. It is gratifying to note that in .this, instance
the testimony of the foreign critic is in strict accord
with the feelings of Americans.
Such being the case there is every reason to expect
from the liberality of Californians a prompt response
to the appeal for subscriptions to the monument
fund. Where many jnvc something it will not be
necessary for any one to give much. Moreover, from
the very nature of the object of the movement it is
desirable that the subscriptions come from the general
mass of the people and represent the popular senti
ment of the State rather than that of comparatively
a few men. It is in that spirit the movement for the
erection of the monument' has been undertaken, and
the public response should be prompt, cordial and
liberal.
The memory of Senator White's illustrious life is
fresh in the minds of all. Death has cleared away
from him all the clouds of partisanship, and men of all
parties can now perceive the full proportions of his
statesmanship. Xo one will now question that in the
United States Scnr.te he gave to California a. prestige
:n great debates inferior to that of no other State in
the Union, nor will it be denied that hi« service there
was devoted to noble ends and animated by a genuine
patriotism.
Stately monuments erected to great men are some
thing more than adornments to cities. They serve
a purpose beyond that of pleasing the eye and gratify
ing an esthetic taste. They stand as object lessons in
patriotism. They remind men 0/ the value of a life
that is not lived solely for self. They recall to stran
gers the deeds of the great men to whose memory
they "have been erecteJ. They attest the existence in
the community of a spirit that rightly appreciates
patriotism and genius, and thus tend not only to the
ennoblement of the community itself but to an in
crease of its reputation abroad.
No man has more fully illustrated the genius of
California than Stephen M. White. Richly endowed
by nature with everv faculty that is essential to suc
cess in life, he devoted his energies less to his personal
adrancement than to public affairs and the general
good of the commonwealth. He sacrificed much of
individual advantage in the service of the public, and
set an example which will long be an ¦ incentive to
roble natures. Califdrnians can hardly render any
more lasting service to their State than by the erec
tion of a monument which will impress upon the
minds of young men through all generations to come
the lessons of his earnest and useful life.
CALIFORNIANS of all parties have doubtless
noted with pleasure the steps taken to raise by
public subscription a monument to the memory
of Stephen M. White. The movement is one which
appeals to the general sympathies of the people. The
monument will be not only a memorial of a great
man but a manifestation of the liberality of Califor
nians in the recognition of true merit
A MONUMENT TO WHITE.
Magnificent proportions do not count for
much • In ' themselves compared with the
real ' material • for which they are con-"
structed. In the long run mere height
and weight do not count against quality
The muscular - system may be over
developed at the expensejior the strength
of the heart, the capacity of lung or the
digestive scope of ; the stomach. Most
athletes wear out early. The prizefighter
becomes stale when tne ordinary man is
In his prime. Muscles > as such are noth
ing ; more than the common carriers for
the more important internal organs At
the risk of touching the bald heads on a
tender spot, it is generally believed that a
shaggy -head with coarse hair t is -. not to
be; despised' in estimating good si?n« «*
longevity. -So ..-.with heavy protffiani
brows and deep-net . eyes. The blue and
the gray eye^ generalfy look longest Into
the future.. Sound, strong teeth Ire other
indications in the > same direction nI
poleon always made his selections of gen
erals from the large-nosed men. A he
The prime requisites would appear to be
the possession of strong and sound vital
organs, with abundant -room, for their
work. This would necessitate the posses
sion of a relatively large 'trunk. The
long-bodied, stocky individual has, then,
the advantage over the lean and lank one
whose limbs are long and whose chest and
abdominal cavities are correspondingly re
duced in capacity. The Rev. Henry Ward
Beecher . had a becoml ng . appreciation of
the ¦- requirements , of • physical \ endurance
when he asked how a certain pretentious
missionary was built. On being informed
that the man was tall and thin, with flat
tened stomach,: Mr. Beecher significantly
remarked: "No stomach; then ne cannot
last."0HqnHHOTP | MMRnPWb
After glancing at heredity in a general
way and appreciating the force of some
of its leading laws, we come more natu
rally to the cumming. up of results as
applied to such fortunate individuals as
are born' strong, have an unquestioned
birthright of health and a reasonable as
surance of longevity. It must be natu
rally expected that the long-lived Indlvld
ual has .certain physical characteristics
which distinguish him from his less for
tunate fellows. These peculiarities make
themselves " evident . in different degrees
and In various ways, and give him a cor
respondingly hopeful outlook for the fu
ture.
Characteristics of Longevity.
While it must be admitted that acquired
tendencies are not strictly hereditary. It
must be likewise assumed on general prin
ciples that the vast majority of trans
mitted traits are due to distinct and in
herent qualities In the parents. Environ
ment thus has Its influences in fostering
or repressing such germlnative elements
as are born in the individual.
Take, for instance, the law of natural
selection, in marriage, which is of such
interest in connection with the particular
subject under discussion. Civilization, as
at - present cultivated,' tends strongly,
through loose marriage' customs, to un
dermine the very foundations of many of
our hopes for strong men and women In
future generations. The law of natural
selection on the proper basis of health
ful, prosperous and happy matrimonial al
liances is so often violated by custom,
convenience, wealth and social position,
that the question seldom occurs as to the
physical or mental qualities of the par
ties to the awful contract. The breeder
of dog, horse or cow is more careful on
the question of healthful and suitable
pedigree than the ever-watchful parents
who wish to mate their. son or daughter.
"Wrong judgment in this particular is sure
to tell on hereditary influences, and in
its turn to militate against longevity in
the offspring. Especially is this the case
when by unsuitable matches disease ten
dencies are multiplied and their propaga
tion through successive generations is
proportionately guaranteed. The Inter
marriage among even distant members of
the same family has always been fraught
with disaster by accentuating undesirable
traits. This has been shown over and
over again by the marriage of cousins,
especially in isolated country districts, in
which the infusion of new blood seldom
occurs. The unusual number of imbeciles
and "queer", people in such localities is a
matter of common observation. Such con
ditions always explain in certain strains
of given families a marked predisposition
to - special diseases and a corresponding
lowering of hereditary strength.- It must
be admitted that the Influences of en
vironment must te.good or bad in so far
as they attempt to control* unfavorable
heredity on the one hand, or allow evil
tendencies to work their worst on the
other.
Natural- Selection in Marriage.
Nature, when she has full sway, is al
ways on the sldo 0/ perfection. The model
man or model woman she seeks to pre
serve; it is the endurance of the species
at the expense of the individual, and the
perpetuation of the type against its oc
casional variation. Hence the "survival
of the fittest" Is the doctrine which she
preaches to all creation. The influences
of faulty environment are the only ones
which tend to thwart her purposes.
Therein oftentimes are many antagonisms
to her fundamental laws.
From what has been already Intimated
the estimation of the influences of hered
ity depends wholly upon what has gone
before. When It is considered that both
parents constitute the equation of chances
for the offspring it can be easily seen how
much depends upon a proper selection of
leading factors at the start. Thus the
strong father oftentimes offsets a weak
mother, and contrariwise a strong mother
is negatived by a feeble father. There is
a constant interchange of leading quali
ties which are mixed in due proportions
by_ elective and balancing affinities. Some
times these attributes adapt themselves
In such compensating ways that the re
sults make a happy culmination of desira
ble products, cither in the direction of
increased physical power, extra mental
force or Improved personal character.
Darwin proved this to be possible by his
exhaustive researches In evolution, and
Galton in his admirable work on "Hered
itary Genius" still further confirms the
theory.
tions. Environment is the evolutionary
force ' which always modifies the- typical
qualities. Although type as auch always
prevails in the end, its accidental varia
tions are always present. These latter
are really acquired habits, due to the
casual stimulation of dormant or latent
qualities which, save for favoring cir
cumstances of propagation, might prac
tically cease to exist.
The fighting force, however, is by.no means com
mensurate with the numbers. Most of the millions in
Russia are ignorant and poor. They are not contented
with their lot nor devoted to their Government. Of
any army Russia might raise it would be necessary
to keep most at home to prevent insurrections. In
fact, neither Great Britain nor Russia is at present
ready for a struggle for Asian supremacy. There is
friction at Tientsin, but we may be sure that at Lon
don and St.; Petersburg there is champagne, dip
lomacy and best of good intentions to'keep the peace.
Since Bismarck made that mocking comment on
the hereditary feud between. the Saxon and the Slav
times have changed and the relations of Great Britain
and Russia have changed 'with them.. The two nations
have so extended their empires that they are now al
most in contact. The British can strike at Russia in
Siberia and Manchuria, and Russia can strike at the
British in India. -Therefore if the fight should come
off it would very likely^ be a big one and would stretch
farther than any other war in the history of the world.
extending over almost the whole of Asia from the
Persian Gulf to the Japan Sea. It would set the races
and mbes moving from "the Ganges to the icebergs."
Russia does not take a census with anything like
the accuracy that marks such work by other great na
tions. In fact, it would be impossible to do so. Con
sequently estimates 01 her population and wealth are
largely matters of guesswork. Something can be
learned of the empire, however, from a recent pub
lication of the Russian Ministry of Finance, which
places the total population at 136,000,000, including
86,000,000 Russians, 9,000,000 Poles, 6,000,000 Finns,
6,000,000 Lithuanians, 4,000,000 Hebrews, 1,000,000
Germans and H,ooo,.xx3 of various tribes in' the Cri
mea, the Volga, the Caucasus and Siberia.
Years ago, when Disraeli halted the Russian ad
vance on Constantinople and there was prospect of
immediate war, Bismarck said the contest would, not
amount to much, for i* would be like a fight between
an elephant and a whale. Russia could. not get at
Britain nor could Britain get at Russia, arid in com
parison with the gigantic wars of the nineteenth cen
tury between other nations the whale fight with the
elephant would hardly be more than a circus.
ONCE more Russia and Great Britain are facing
one another in a situation that gives promise
of the outbreak of that final grapple between
them which. the world has so long expected. This
time it is not on the old historic ground around Con
stantinople, but on the far offEastern shores of China.
It is not now a question of the sickTurk, but of the
Mongolian. To that extent the quarrel has changed,
but otherwise it remains the/ same old question as to
which power is to be dominant in Asia.
ELEPHANT AND WHALE.
It will make the canal not only sure but its comple
tion speedy, and if President McKinley's last admin
istration do nothing else to imbed it- in history • as
great, this coup will be sufficient.
Compared to the petty squabbling that has dis
gusted the nation this will be a stroke of statesman
ship on a scale of grandeur and usefulness to which
this country has heretofore been a stranger. . :;.,'.^
We do not hesitate to say that this bold and bent
ficial stroke is the equal of the great coup of Disraeli,
when he bought for England a majority of the Suez
canal stock and made her the chief owner in that
waterway.
The set purpose of the administration to build an
isthmian canal will be put out of reach of further mis
representation, and Congress will have nothing to do
but pull one administration string or the other and
go ahead with the work.
The cost of operating will be greatly less than that
of the lockage system necessary on the Nicaragua
route, and therefore the profits will be greater.
Parallel with this plan runs the intention to negotiate,
if possible, with Great Britain the abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. So that, when Congress
meets the desire of demagogues to twist the lion's
tail will have to go unsatisfied. The administration
can then present the two plans, measuring one against
the other, and the agitators who have toiled to put
it in a false position will be disappointed of their
Prey. •
There are indications t that Colombia is willing, and
President McKinley dr.d Secretary Hay may shortly
open communication with her upon'th'e subject, with
the view of negotiating a treaty giving this country
a perpetual lease to the strip of 'land occupied, to be
compensated by a royalty on the proceeds of the
canal's operation. The rights of the French com
pany will be equitably extinguished, and for a sum
vastly less than the actual cost and value of the work
already, done.
The Panama canal is unaffected by the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, and h free from any possible Euro
pean complication. In its concession and construc
tion only two sovereignties "will be concerned, the
United States and Colombia.
route, estimated the value of the work accomplished
and the cost of what remains. The result entirely
justified the genius of De Lesseps and the economy
and feasibility of that route.
It will be remembered". that there was a brief but
heated discussion last spring over the employment in
the Republican platfoim of the" term "isthmian" in
stead of "Nicaragua" canal. It is evident now that
the more general term was adopted and the more
specific one omitted with the wise and deliberate pur
pose of providing for just the emergency that has
arisen in the butchery of the Hay- Pauncefote .treaty
and the consequent arrest of proceedings under the
protocols with Costa Rica and Nicaragua. The ad
ministration has it in its power to have two strings
to its canal bow, and it will undoubtedly improve the
opportunity by a coup that will bring the canal in>
sight by rendering further sinister and indirect oppo
sition impossible.
The last Canal Commission examined the Panama
* -. :. • ¦ .. ¦
THE subtilty of the enemies of the isthmian
canal, the- subserviency of certain Senators
thereto and the unfortunate tendency of a por
tion of the people to be led off the main scent by the
men who know, how to draw a herring across the
track have combined to bring in sight a possible coup
by the administration which will paralyze all these
devices and leave their originators in the lurch.
A CANAL COUP.
be comparatively easy, but when the': censor tackles
a circus poster or the circular of a railroad his trouble!
would begin. '¦¦'¦•*¦: ~* '• \ :
Such are some of the schemes proposed by the
American legislator inthe.wayToI reform. Fortunately
thereis no danger any: of them will be 'adopted.
Should there ever come a time when the freak" legis
lators get control of any considerable number of
States it will then be necessary to send for Mrs.'Car
rie Nation and tell. her to take her hatchet and clean
out the joints.
Heredity in its broad sense* Is the birth
right of assured longevity. It Is what the
root is to the branch, the sap to the fruit.
A sound tree has as many offshoots under
ground "as above. The difference between
the oak and the mullein stalk Is. in degree
rather than kind. Each has a life law of
its own, and the conditions are not,con
vertible. The sturdy parent begets strong
offspring as surely as the seed grows its
kind.- Everything depends upon the proper
start; therein rests the chance of being on
the right side.
The only " composition of conditions is
in making the most of what we 'have.
Man at, best is the mere exponent of the
transient energy of the universe. . A
longer, or shorter period he exercises his
functions, and what 13 called life, vitality,
endurance, strength, snuffs out as a
candle. He feeds on just so much vital
ity and then is done. " His stock in trade
of life Is given at his birth, and his foun
tain never rises higher than its source.
Thus we have the strong and the weak
constitutions with .which, to strike the
balance of chances either for long and
healthy lives or short and sickly ones.
The seed produces its kind, and the en
vironment settles the question of soil.
The how and the why are questions which
are already settled when the account ; is
opened. Tne debit side Is a score of taints
and defects, and makes its dreadful and
unerring count against otherwise " reason
able expectations. ¦ The parents leave the
debt to succeeding generations, and the
taxes are simply collected when they be
come due.
Transmitted Vital Power.
Oliver^ Wendell' Holmes likens life to a
seventy-year clock, the key of which is
given to the angel of the resurrection. It
is simply a beautiful Illustration of na
ture's law, with a timpiece havlnll a
given number of years to run. It is the
limit of strain on the mainspring, and the
pulse-beat ' of ' the pendulum is the unerr
ing indicator of short or long service. In
otner words," there is just so much fuel for
the fire, burn It as we will— the wood in
the beginning, ,the ashes in the end.
The essence of model heredity, is trans
mitted vital power. Every one whose at
tention has been directed to the subject
knows that certain families are long-lived
and others are not.
I recollect in my student days my old
preceptor used to give an illustration in
point by reference to an experience he had
with one of his earlier patients. There
was a severe railroad accident in a neigh-'
boring town and he was hastily sum
moned to aid the sufferers. While riding
thither the messenger was detailing the
frightful nature of some of the injuries,
but particularly those of the doctor's wait
ing patient. From all accounts the lat
ter was apparently beyond hope of pos
sible recovery. The doctor had so many
doubts on that score that he was wonder
ing whether or not he would find the pa
tient alive. "Certainly," responded his
informant. "Why, he la one of the Swan
family— belong to long-lived stock—
couldn't kill him if you tried." And the
prediction of the neighbor proved if self
right.
These resisting qualities against shock
from injury „ and collapse from, sickness
are, for the most part inherited rather
than acquired. It Is the protecting power
of the individual propagating Itself down,
tlio line of successive generations. It is
the law of life limit, as Immutable as the
relation of cause and . effect. Its proper
understanding and its satisfactory expla
nation implies a knowledge of ancestry.
"VV hen the parents and grandparents live
to a great age "the life expectation," as
the insurance companies use the term, is
proportionately favorable. The physician
always has this element of prognosis in
mind whwi he Inquires concerning the age
and the disease of the patient's ancestors.
"Who Shall Defend TJs From Our
Ancestors?"
Breeders of thoroughbred animals have
learned the importance of selecting pure
blooded stock on the same principle. Pedi
gree is everything with them. This con
viction is forced upon them by • experi
ments founded on the strictly scientific
selection of parents. Unfortunately for
the human family, parallel conditions do
not exist in most of the up-to-date matri
monial ventures.
. With the advance of civilization and the
enervating influences which attend the
modern strain of living we seem to be
aiming at the survival of the unflttest
rather than at the true thing. In the
long .run, however, nature indicates her
rights in favor of the perfect individual
and the preservation of the species by
crowding the weaklings to the wall. She
is always on the side of law. power, right,
justice, discipline and • soundness. Long
life «nd good health thus compass her
best gifts.. '
This po\rer of living is just as much an
inherited right as the size of the body, the
shape of the nose, the color of the hair
or the form of the skull. It Is the ex
pression of; consistency, of physical con
struction \with functional adaptability.
Thus strong vital" organs— sound lungs,
healthy hearts, normal kidneys, active
livers and painless . stomachs— all make
the sum total of the most desirable con
ditions of longevity. *When we admit thl3,
It is easy to understand why the trans
missible qualities of health or disease
are ¦obviously dependent upon the an
atomical or organic elements which neces
sarily -overn and direct them.
Transmitted Features and Forces.
The conclusion is also irresistible that
as an organ is originally made,* so must
it work. This fact explains why one fam
ily may have its weak spot in the brain,
another in. the liver,: -stomach, kidney,
heart or any other, vital organ. .In other
words, these centers of vitality are in
capable^ by faulty construction of resist
ing the diseases which are constantly,
through climatic and other influences,
awaiting ¦ opportunities . for ¦ attack. - When
nature once delivers her goods there is no
'compromise. It Is once and for all, and
never on approval.
The strictly structural peculiarities
¦which are born with the individual are
those which are in turn transmitted to
the offspring. Logically this is as It
should ; be, ; showing, the direct influences
of ancestry as against those of merely ac
quired .habits after birth.
When we look Into matters of detail In
connection with, heredity -there are many
very interesting facts which can be noted
as ; bearing on the general principles al
ready stated. ¦"•- Every one has . noted • re
markable family resemblances that have
been propagated through many genera
tions. •:¦-: The Bourbon nose and Hapsburg
lip are matters of history. Various other
features , have a. like 4 tendency toward
propagation. - -'-'<in$*HK!>M¥MHpM|
In those families in which old portraits
are preserved we often ' hear it remarked
that one • descendant has 1 the nose of his
great-grandfather,'- the eye of 1 his • mother
or. -the ear of ; his maternal' aunt. - . The
same may, be ' said regarding stature, cor
pulency, ;baldne?s, size of teeth, shape of
limb, supernumerary ' fingers, moles and
other physical ¦ peculiarities.
Functional 'peculiarities are also propa
gated in similar ways. -Some families are
noted for truthfulness, others for men
dacity; drunkenness and : crime. --The re
markable : history* of • Margaret •. Jukes so
often quoted by criminolbgists, very clear
ly; proves how * strong ' hereditary . influ
ences are in propagating their kind. This
woman ihad 709 descendants,: the great ma
jority*; of .-whom "< consisted * of > murderers
thieves,? prostitutes and idiots. The orig
inal 5 organic ; defects 1 In " the great-grand
mother r- must*; have \ been ¦" certainly of a
very pronounced. character.- ¦;
,; Nature Jealous of Her Eighta
> The ' more = weTstudy ; this ' aspect ; of I the
question " the : firmer is the conviction that
nature : is jealous - of . her , rights in ¦ main
taining agiven'type. .In fact,. It does not
appear at all preposterous to assume that
except for the modifying influences of en
vironment, ; man*? might have > been *aiper
fect ;: animal k with :; a ¦. century } of s life and
with' a death like the stopping. of a clock.
With' advancing civilization' we fall ; heirs
Ho acquired, rather than original, condi-
V.— HEREDITY.
COPYRIGHT, 190L
By 3Dr. George F. siiraciy.
Tremendous Influence Exerted by Heredity
Upon the Human Family in Its
Struggle to Live.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
- :¦ The San Francisco Gall
broad paw gives the canine elements to
character ' and endurance, while tne
short, stump hand carries 'with It extra
reaching power. The splay foot never
belongs to a good walker, while the arched
Instep Is an indication of more than mere
gentility In breeding. The size of the
brain la also an evidence of bodily as well
as intellectual vigor. It is as the crown
to the oak which lifts the tree into the
higher opportunltes for freer air and
wider outlooks. The grandfather's head,
is generally large, and the centenarian Is
pardonably proud of his roomy hat This
is testimony, strong as "proof of holy
writ." in favor of nerve power as an es
sential element of assured longevity.
Moderation Must Bole.
Nature In bestowing all these gifts
exacts only the condition for their proper
use. Her laws and her penalties balance
each other. Nor are her exactions pact
the possibility of fulfillment. It is the
question of doing the best with what we
have: developing what is good and refus
ing that which is bad. In all things she
merely insists on compliance with her
laws. Moderation In all things Is her rule.
If the fuel is lavishly burned the quicker
the ashes appear. There is just so much
left to be used during longer or shorter
periods. The long-lived Individuals al
ways give a history of moderation in all
their methods and habits. It is that of a
simple life in its widest meanings. The
broad fields, the fresh air. plain food,
healthful appetites, restful sleep, temper
ance in all things, hard work, valiant
spirit, strong arm and clear brain— all tend
to make the perfect progenitor, and for
tunate must he be who can rightfully en-
Joy the benediction of such a glorious
heredity.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. A. G. Bailey of Suisun Is at the
Grand.
A R. Denike of San Jose 1* at the
California,
* Dr. L. E. Cross of Stockton is registered,
at the Grand.
John Sparks, a cattla raiser of Reno, is
at the Palace.
Dr. F. W. Gibson of Orovilla is regis
tered at the Grand.
W. A. Rouledge, a mining man of 01 eta,
is a guest at the. Lick. ,
Senator W. J. La Roche of New York
Is a guest at the Palace.
O. T. Woodward, a rancher of Wood
wards Island, is at the Grand.
A. B. Rodman, a mining. man residing
at Woodland, is at the Occidental.
W. H. Mathews, proprietor of this
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle, is at
the California with his wife.
J. Craig, proprietor of the Highland
Springs, accompanied by his wife. Is at
the Grand.
. Commander. T>. D. V. Stuart. 17. S. N.,
accompanied by his wife and son, ars at
the Palace. He leaves on the steamship
Peking for Manila, where ha will report
for duty at the Cavlte Naval Tard. Com
mander Stuart during the Spanish war
saw service in the blockade- of Santiago
In command of the United States naval
tender Mkngrove.
CAUPORNIANS IN HEW YOEK.
NEW YORK, March 20.— The following
Calif ornians are in New Tork: From San
Francisco— J. J. Bullman. at the Herald
Square; Miss P. Chase, at the Arlington-
R. W. Edgren and wife, at the St. Denis-
Mrs. J. Haines, at the Earlington; Mrs.
R. P. Maroener, at the St. Denis; J. Por
teous and wife, at the Herald Square- J '
M. Wilson and wife, at the Holland; o!
Grimaux, I* V. Leveson, J. J. Mack and
wife, at the Savoy; J. Wlman, at the St.
Nicholas; A. Rolofaon, at the Imperial
s'. C. Vanschaeffer and wife, at the St.
Denis.
CAXTFORNIAIJS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. March 20.— The follow
ing Calif ornians are at the hotels: Nor
mandle—David L. Wlthington, San Diego;
Charles Monroe. Los Angeles. Metropoli
tan—George H. Vickery and wife, San
Francisco.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WORTH TEN CENTS-R. G. A.. City.
A dime of 1S61 is worth Its face value. It
has no premium value.
UNIVERSITY OP CAUFORNIA-H..
Murphys. Cal. For such Information as
Is desired about the University of Cali
fornia as to tuition, time of admission
etc.. write to the recorder at the univer
sity, Berkeley.
BOWING-E. M.. City. If a lady on
the street saw a minister with whom she
Is well. acquainted It would be perfectly
proper If she should bow to him first
The rule la that when persons meet on the
street either may bow first as soon as
their eyes meet.
STOCK-C. P.. City. "Common stock"
is that part of the shares of a corporation
that Is Issued with any qualification is
subject to all assessments and is the last
to be allowed dividends. "Preferred''
stock are the shares on which dlviden-la
are paid before any is paid on the original
or common stock.
COST OF COPYRIGHT-Anxlety, Clt7
To secure copyright the fee is 50 cents;
to obtain a copy of the certificate of
copyright an additional fee of 50 cents «s
charged. Write t» the Librarian of Con
gress, Washington. D. C. who will sen*
a circular of information as to mode of
procedure to secure copyright.
WITHOUT WILL-L."^. B., City. If a
party dies in California without will and
leaves property the Public Administrator
takes charge of the same. Subsequent to
letters of administration having been
Issued to that officer the parties Interested
may apply for a special administrator.
PAINT STAINS-M. O.. City. If paint
stains on. clothes are fresh they may be
successfully removed by the use of either
turpentine or alcohol. If dry; chloroform
Is the most effective fluid to remove the
spots. It will remove stains of that char
acter that have resisted the action ol
ether, benzole or bisulphide of carbon.
BLACK AND WHITE— Inqnisitlve.
Oakland. Cal. This correspondent writes:
"I noticed In a ya»d In East Oakland sev
eral hundred chickens. Four-flfths are
white and the others black. Every tlma
I have seen them I have noticed that
these chickens did not mingle, that is the
whites remained by themselves and the
blacks likewise. Why is this?" Can any
of the readers of the department of
Answers to Correspondents Inform the
correspondent?
DUELLING IN GERMANT-Subscri.
bcr. City. There Is a strong sentiment in
Germany against duelling. „ At a congress
of nobles held on the. 11th of April 1S96
a resolution was passed declaring it no*
dishonor for a» nobleman not to flirht 'a.
duel If he can refuse on honorable
grounds: and it was also agreed to ap
point a court of honor to settle differences
without resort to duelling. The congress,
after a lengthy debate, unanimously
adopted a, resolution condemning duelling.
MEASURING rain-W. h., Petaluma
Cal. Rainfall is measured by means of
the rain. gauge, which Is an instrument
for ascertaining thejtmount of rain which
falls at any place. Rain, gauges are of
various The simplest \l
that which consists of a metallic cylinder
on which a glass tube, divided Into Inches
and parts of an Inch, projects downward.
wuI^^k 6 * 1 * WI V* a amnel, Inserted
within at the top. to prevent evaporation
and the rain is emptied by means of a
faucet at the The' rain received
into the cylinder is shown on the regis
tered gauge . and that tells the amount
that has fallen.
C&L slace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Cnolc« candles, Townsend's. PaJacaHo tel.»
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tn«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery at- Telephone Main 1042. • *
The regular army of th« United States
is made-up of 25 per cent of foreigner?
while in the navy 52 per cent of the petty
officers and 42 per cent of the seamen are
foreign born.
People of Impoverished blood fall 1a eajy prey
to the rieors of winter. Restore yoor vitality by
the usa of Dr.' Slerert'a Anroataim Bitter*. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MA^CH 21, 1901.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Highwayman."
Alhambra— "The Angel of the Alley."
Tivoli— "Tho Wedflins Day."
Central — "Colleen Bawn." •
Central— Benefit performance to-r.lght.
California— "The Telephone Girl."
Grand Opera-house — "'La Traviata," Monday ni~ht.
Alcazar— "The Proper Caper."
Dlyrnpia, corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties. *;.v; *
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veiling. - '. ..
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Fherman-Clay Hall-Piano Recital Friday night
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium— Concert Friday night.
Tanforan Park — Kaces. >'i-w?
Call unbierlbera contemplating n change of
residence during the Hnmnier months can hav<>
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
•ddreiise* by notifying; The Call Daslness Offlee.
This pafier will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Ih reprr«cnted by a local agent in
all totriis on the coanst.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.JUDGE HARRY A. MEI/VIN, WHO
IS HEARING THE TRIAL OF PE
TER McGIjADE.
THE third trial of Peter McGlade
on the charge of forgery •while ho
was chief deputy in the Street De
partment office was commenced
before Judge Harry A. Melvin of
Alameda County In Judge Cook's court
yesterday. Assistant District Attornej-
I)cuprey appeared for the prosecution and
the defendant was represented by Attor
ney Lennon.
The whole day was occupied with the ex
amination of trial Jurors and when court
adjourned, shortly before 5 o'clock, five
had been accepted to serve on the Jury.
They were Peter Anthers. Nathan Levy,
V. R. TTllman, Richard Tiddy and Charles
PRESIDENT McKINLET signified
by wire his approval of the pro
gramme for his reception and en
tertainment, which was placed
before him by the citizens' com
mittee of San Francisco.' The plans ac
cepted relate only to his sojourn In and
around San Francisco. It is understood,
however, that he will vlßit Los Angeles
and Santa Barbara before he arrives in
this region of the State and will pay a
visit to Stockton and Sacramento after he
takes his final leave of San Franclscc*.
The President approves of the engragre
ments as announced above.
The executive committee for the Presi
dent's reception, Irving M. Scott, chair
man. Is thus constituted:
Claus Spreckels, chairman of citizens' com
mittee; W. F. Dohrmann, chairman of finance
committee: A. Sbarboro, chairman of decora-,
tlon committee; George A. Newhall. chair
man of committee on accommodation and la
dles' reception; Horace. Davis, chairman of
commltteo on University of California; Colonel
A. D. Cutler, chairman of committee of Grand
Army and Loyal Legion; John M. Gl eaves,
chairman of resident Ohio delegation; P. H.
McCarthy, president of Building Trades Coun
cil, chairman of committee on public reception;
General R. H. Warfield, chairman of commit
tee on parade.
. Each* chairman mentioned In the fore-
Koinp list will add to his committee the
number of •cltisens required to perform
the duties allotted to his committee.
It seems to be the sense of the execu
tive committee that decorations shall con
sist chiefly of American flags and ¦ that
citizens may decorate their houses accord
ing to their, individual inclinations.
A man named Murray, who claims that
he represents an association of veterans,
sent an invitation to the President asking
the latter to meet ex-soldlere. .The in
vitation was .referred by the President to
the citizens' executive committe and Mur
ray-paid a visit to the committee to ob
tain recognition. He was informed that
the President had accepted an. invitation
to meet the veterans at Monterey. Mur
ray remarked that the Monterey meeting
was all right for veterans dwelling in the
country, but It would not apply to vet
erans in San Francisco. The plausible
Murray almost convinced the committee
that he was authorized to make reception
arrangements. Further inquiry, however,
convinced the executive committee that
the Grand Army of the Republic and the
Loyal Legion should name the represen
tatives^ the veterans. Accordingly Col
onel A. D. Cutler, a well-known mer
chant, a companion of the Loyal Legion
and commander of the George H. Thomaa
Post, Grand Army of the Republic, was
chosen.
against Thomas F. Hemmenway for
breach of promise. The jury impaneled
In the case brought In a verdict for the
defendant yesterday morning, thereby
holding that Hemmenway exercised his
right in the premises when he determined
that he had made a. mistake when he
asked Mrs. Barnes to become his wife.
The Southern Pacific Company proposes
to extend its policy of straight tracks and
hlgrh ppeed. So said President Hays yes
terday. With this object in view some
big contracts will be let In the near
future, which will have the effect of
trlngir.g San Francleco considerably
rearer Ogtien, as far as time is concerned.
The cutoft policy, which has been such a
ff-sture on the Union Pacific main line in
V.'yetnir.F. will be instituted to an extent
on the Southern Pacific that will put all
l>rerious efforts in this direction In the
*had<».
W. 11. Kilpatrlck. chief of the firm of
Kilpatrick Bros. & Collins, the most ex
tensive railroad contractors in th© world,
ar.d who butlt the Wyoming division of
the Union Pacific that extends from Og
den to Cheyenne, is at present traveling 1
over the Southern Pacific line west of
Orderi. looking over the ground prior to
closing a big contract. He is expected to
arrive in Ban Francisco in a few days and
will call on President Hays and submit
an estimate of what the proposed work
will involve.
President Hays yesterday eaid that th©
work would be commenced at once, and
the Southern Pacific Company was
anxicus to see the Improvements com
pleted.
President Hays' anxiously awaited cir
cular has not yet been Issued, and there
if f<«sne Impatience superinduced by,nerv
* 'jfr.'Fs cmor.g pome railroad officials In
the yellow bullying. E. H. Fitzhugb has
not been heard from for more than a
w«>k. and whether this clever operating
official mill come out here Is still a mat
ter of conjecture. There are some persons
who believe that Fitzhugh will relieve
Kruttschnitt as general manager, basing;
their arguments on the fact that President
Hays has left the present general man
aser severely alone *lnce his return to
the city. Hays has many interviews daily
with other prominent officials In the rail
road building, but Kruttschnitt. so his
critics say, Is practically ignored, and
Fiends all his time dallying with paper
and pencil, tabulating statistics.
On and after April 1 the Sunset Limited
will be taken off the dally run and only
Road to Ogden to Be Materi
allj Shortened bj %
«Cutofis.
PRESIDENT HAYS
PLANS CHANGES
Mrs. Barnes Loses Her Suit.
Mrs. Fay J. Barnes ' has lost > her ' suit
Barnert Fails to Appear!
David J. Baxnert. cashier fpr. Hecht
Bros., failed to ' appear/ In : Judge Fritz's
court yesterday when his case was called
and the Judge declared his bail of $500
cash forfeited and ordered a bench war
rant Issued for his arrest. Barnert was
accused of felony ? embezzlement; - the
amount alleged in the ' complaint \ being
$200, but It Is said that the total amount
of his defalcations will reach four figures.
Trio to Smuggle a • Garment.
Emll Ericksen, a member of the crew of
the Government - transport Fitzpatrlck,
v/hlch arrived ;here ! on St. Patrick's • day,
was arrested yesterday by 'order of Cus
toms r Surveyor; .... Spear for i: smuggling.
Ericksen - was - . searched s when' coming
down the gangplank, r and . between his
vest and his . back was found ,a , lady's
undergarment embroidered with roses and
daisies," and so fine : and dainty- that : It
weighed t no ; more j than "an", ounce. 5 - ¦
JH* Wife Is Forgiving.
Charles Miller appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of .battery.
He was accused of beating his wife, Caro
line, at their home, 529 , Hickory avenue^
Mrs. Miller told the Judge that she want
ed her. husband to leave the house so she
could support herself and baby. She had
no. more use for him, but gave him a $s
gold piece so that he could keep himself for
a few days. The Judge continued . the
case for two days to se© if Miller would
behave himself. %wHHMHBIMHB3££i'NS
KEIXOGG* IS PBINCIPAIi
OF HAMILTON SCHOOL
Appointed by Board of Education to
Succeed Late W. A.
Robertson.
As ' forelold in Wednesday's Call, the
Board of Education yesterday appointed
A". E. Kelloggr to. the prlnclpalship of the
Hamilton- Grammar School, made vacant
by the death of ,W. A. Robertson. Mr.
Kellogg is at present vice principal of the
Lowell JHlsh School. Resolutions of re
gret a-t^he death ofyMr. Robertson were
adopted. . :
Two more ballots were taken on the va
cant principalship of the Cooper Primary
School,- but the deadlock was not broken.
Casserly and Mark voted for Miss Sulli
van and Denman' and" Klncald for Miss
Smith: Action was deferred two weeks.
¦ The adoption of a resolution appropriat
ing the sum of $8 to complete the payment
for a piano for the Emerson School shows
that the board will in future : hot " allow
the " collection of contributions from * the
pupils. The ; resolution recites that it is
against the rules to do so.
The lfeaves of absence of Miss I. E. Cook,
and Misa Mary Deane were^extended.
The demand '•¦ of P. M. \ Wellln for ser
vices rendered as inspector, of repairs was
dlsallowed.^pendlng ¦ further investigation.
Woman Arnstcd by Captain
S«ymour I? Released by
Ordtr of Judgo Fritz.'
The absurd story of a morning yel
low journal published yesterday giv
ing: a thrilling account of the attempt of
Mrs. Agnes Kent to poison her husband,
George Kent, by sending him a bottle of
whisky charged with arsenic through the
mails, yesterday fell as flat as dltchwater,
and Police Judge Fritz after an Investiga
tion promptly ordered Captain Seymour,
who Is also known as "chief of detec
tives," to release Mrs. Kent from Jail.
Captain Seymour on Tuesday night or
dered Detective Dillon to arrest Mrs. Kent
on a charge of having sent a bottle of
poisoned whisky through the mails to her
husband.
With a loud flourish of trumpets the
yellow Journal and Seymour claimed yes
terday that George Kent had stated that
he believed his wife had emulated the ex
ample of Mrs. Botkin and that he (Kent)
had escaped sudden death by not drink-
Ing from the arsenic-laden whisky.
Seymour said that he had evidence to
convict Mrs. Kent. "When Georgo
Kent appeared in the Hall of Jus
tice yesterday he had a long con
sultation with Seymour. Kent was then
prepared to swear that his wife had sent
him the poisoned whisky, but when ha
was questioned for a few minutes by. other
persons he weakened and said he would
not swear to a complaint against his wife.
Kent was brought before Police Judge
Fritz and asked by that official if ho
would swear to the complaint. Kent
stated that he did not believe his wife
had sent him the bottle of poisoned
whisky and Judge Fritz warmly stated
that he believed that Kent had mailed
the whisky to himself with Intent to In
jure his wife.
Judge Fritz immediately ¦ ordered that
Mrs. Kent be released from custody and
Captain Seymour was forced to let the
woman go free.
Investigation yesterday showed that
there was not a particle of evidence
against Mrs. Kent. She is a hard-working
woman, who on account of her husband's
brutality was forced some weeks ago 'to
sue for a divorce. ' Her attorney asked
for $20 a month alimony and Kent, who
is a longshoreman, teared having to pay
this sum.
The address on the wrapper of the" bot
tle of. whisky which contained arsenic
was written in pencil. 'The name "George
Kent" was in one handwriting and the
address. "361 Clementina street, city," was
in a different style. Mrs. Kent says that
about a month ago she wrote her hus
band's name on a slip of white paper. as
he wanted to get a position and could not
write* his own name so that he could
furnish his' name to his prospective em
ployer.
There Is absolutely no doubt that the
slip of paper on which Mrs.* Kent wrote
the. name "George Kent" a month ago
was. used In the mailing' of the bottle of
whisky containing arsenic.
The conflicting stories' told by George
Kent as to the receipt of poisoned cakes
and candy in the past three months led
every one to believe that he had mailed
these articles to himself in hope of pre
venting hla wife securing alimony against
him.
With the refusal of Kent to believe that
his wife sent him the bottle of poisoned
whisky the whole story fell to the ground
and the opportunity of Captain Seymour
to shine as a new Vldocq has gone glim
mering.
KENT BELIEVES
WIFE INNOCENT
one through train a week will be dls
patched overland by that route. It ha
not been definitely decided what day tn
Sunset will leave, but a prominent offlcia
Btated yesterday that Monday will prob
ably be selected as the day. "With thi
arrangement the train will run over th
new coast line and will consequent!;
leave Third and Townsend Etreets. . Tn
present depot may be torn down and i
more commodious structure. In bette
keeping with the Importance of the trar
nc, erected In its place. :
sion Is Changed for Their
When it was learned that the new time
table of the coast division would cut off
Santa Cruz from Bj\y benefit of evening
trains to and from Los Angeles an effort
was made at once by Santa Cruz citizens
to have the table changed. Yesterday W.
H. Lamb. J. F. Coope and H. F. Ander
son of Santa Cruz called on the officials
of the passenger department of the South
ern Pacific in this city.
It was decided as a result of the confer
ence to change the timetable bo that
through trains to and from Los Angeles
will meet at Pajaro at about 8 p. m.
A train leaving Santa Cruz at 7 p. m. will
connect with thes« trains. The railroad
company also agreed to put on an extra
train to and from Boulder Creek during
the summer.
SANTA CEUZ BESIDENTS
CAIX ON EAILEOAD MEK
As Eesult Timetable of Coast 3>ivi-
Auditor Wells completed a statement
yesterday of the unpaid claims, including
judgments on account of salaries, work
done and material furnished during ISS9
1890. 18&0-1891. 1891-1892. 1892-1893 and I&9S
189S, and for unpaid teachers' salaries for
IS9S-1899. The ngures are compiled from
incomplete data on file in the Supervisors'
and Auditor's departments and are sub
ject to revision. jT he recapitulation of the
statement follows: J ¦;¦;:
Unpaid claims, as per constitutional
amendment, from ISS9 to 1892 In
clusive $192.107 11
Supplementary and doubtful claims.. £,074 OS
Balance due on School Department
salaries for November. 1898 29,671 16
Baiance due on other claims. 1,031 85
Balance due on claims for December.
IS9B '¦ 96,784 55
Grand total city's Indebtedness.. ..s324, CCS 75
Old Claims Against the City.
Ed Homan, proprietor of a resort on
Market street known as the Midway Plals
ance and who was convicted by a Jury In
Judee Cabanlps' Court of selling liquor
without a license, was sentenced yester
day to pay a fine of JISO, with the usual
alternative. He at cnce Rave notice of
appeal to the Superior Court.
Homan Heavily Fined.
Wants Moraghan Funislied.
Mary G. Moraghan has petitioned Judge
Seawell to punish her husband, James
B. Moraghan. for' contempt of court for
his non-compliance with an order made
January 18 last directing him to pay the
petitioner $30 a month alimony. Mrs.
Moraghan says her husband has willfully
refused to obey the order of the court.
Bliss. The further examination of tales
men will be continued this morning-.
Judgre Melvln was only recently ap
pointed to the Superior bench by Governor
Gaye. He was one of the most popular
and prominent lawyers In Alameda County
and possibly It was a source of regret to
him that he did not have the pleasure of
trying his first case In his own county.
He was properly composed and showed by
his interrogations that he was as much at
home on the bench as at the bar. His
appearance is dignified and he makes his
remarks with directness and precision.
Theodore Kytka. the handwriting ex
pert, who was at first inclined to refuse to
testify for the prosecution, has changed
his mind and will be on hand when his
name is called.
City Engineer Grunsky filed a report
yesterday with the Board of Public Works
for transmission to the Board of Super
visors regarding the estimated cost of In
stalling a public system for lighting
streets and public buildings by electricity.
Ho fleures the cost of the ¦whole system
at $1,375,390.
The report is accompanied by fifteen
drawings, which illustrate the proposed
constructions, plant and lighting: arrange
ments In detail. The plant Is projected to
furnish, beyond lighting requirements, the
power necessary to pump Bewage. under
the new system yet to be constructed and
also for elevator service. ¦ Provision lls
ma-dc for 3000 arc and . 7000 incandescent
lights, an amount considerably greater
than the number now in use. There is
also provided to be held in reserve above
the requirements stated a capacity of 1000
Kilo watts.
The generating plant is to be estab
lished on the. shore at the foot of Fill
more street, upon a city lot extending
from Lewis to Tonquin streets, having
water communication by which supplies
may be conveniently received and also
water for condensing purposes. The
buildings and other arrangements for this
station are shown on the drawings, which
also show the locations of all street lights,
both arc and incandescent.
The distributing station is taken to be
at the City Hall and will be connected
with, the generating station underground.
The report contains comparisons of esti
mated cost of lighting. streets and build
ings with the actual cost as now paid by
the city " under • contract, and with the
estimated cost under a proposition made
to the city by E. Brooke Ridley on August
14. 1900. .
There are also comparisons as to cost
of poles . and wires relative to a propo
sition made by the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company under date of
April 30, 1900, and covering the acquiring
by the city of the pole system used by
the Gas and Electric Company. The re
port also contains tables of Information
respecting- electric lighting in many other
cities. - ' ¦
The cost of operation Is:
Are lighting, 2032 lights, 363 nights
per year ...$180,681 11
Incandescent street llfihtlns, • 824 32
candle power llchts 16,519 S3
PuWlo, buildings lighting T 27,877 73
Total ........ .i.. $224,578 75
Board of Works Submits
Estimate to Board of
\i Supervisors.
President Will Spend Seven Days as
Guest of the People of San Fran
cisco—How iHe Will Be Entertained
THE PRESIDENTIAL PROGRAMME.
COST OF A CITY
ELECTRIC PLANT
McKINLEY APPROVES
RECEPTION PLANS
Recently Appointed Alameda Jurist Sits in Place of Judge
Cook and Hears His First Case With Befitting Com
posure — Five Jurors Secured During the Session
THIRD TRIAL OF PETER McGLADE
IS BEGUN BEFORE JUDGE MELVIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI.lv THURSDAY, MARCH 21 ,1901.;
7
Saturday, May 11 — Monterey, encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic, Department of California and Nevada. It !¦ ex
pected that the President trill hare a reitfnl time Trith the vet
erans at Pacific Grove.
~ Sunday, May 12 — -Rest at Monterey.
Monday, May 13— All day at Son Jose.
Tnesday, May 14— Forenoon at Palo Alto. Afternoon: In San
Franciacn, arrlvlnß at 3 o'clock. Evening, public reception In
grand nave of Ferry building.
Wednesday, Slay IB— Forenoon, University of California,'
Berkeley. Afternoon, Oakland.
Thursday, May ; 1(1 — Forenoon, eicnrtlon to Mount Tamalpals.
Afternoon, reception In San Francisco of Sons of the Revolution,
Mexican Veterans, Pioneers and Native' Sonsi also reception, at
Mark Hopkinn Inntltnte In honor o( tbe ladles of the Presidential
party. Evening, Ohio Society banquet.
Friday, May 17— Forenoon, review of school children at Golden
Gate Park and Jannt to the ocean. If It rains in the forenoon the
school children will assemble at Mechanics' Pavilion. Afternoon,
reception to Knights Templar. Evening;, campflre of Grand Army
posts and Loyal Legion.
Saturday, May 18— Launch of battleship Ohio., Evening?, cltl
zrm' banquet.
Sunday, May 19— Rest in San Francisco. '
Monday, May' 2O— Forenoon, dedication of Donahue fountain t*»
the mechanics of San Francisco. Afternoon, trip aronnd.the bay,
embracing a visit . to Mare Island.
Tuesday, May 21— Leave early for Sacramento via Stockton.
ADVXB.TISEM2SNT3.
JIBS. JOHS WILLIAMS.
toms. and no woman should allow
herself to reach such a perfection of
misery when there is absolutely no
need of it. The subject of our por-
trait in this sketch, Airs." Williams of
Englishtown, N.J., has been entirely
cured of such illness and misery by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and the guiding- advice of Mrs.
Pinkham of Lynn, Mass.
No other medicine has such a record
for absolute cures, and no other medi-
cine is "just as good." .'••Women who
want a cure should insist upon getting
Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Com-
pound when they ask for it at 'a store.
Anyway, write a letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham at Lynn, Mass., and tell her all
your troubles. Her advice is free.'
World Famous Mariani Tonic
"It is not only the most effective of
all tonics, but at thesame time the most
agreeable to the taste." - -
''Hasn't its equal in Malaria; .Weak
Blood, Influeiiza (La Grippe), Con-
sumption and Stomach Troubles."
r All Druggists." Refuse Substitutes.
l# U ßall mjEil A LEADHG THEATB£
LAST 4 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAT.
DB KOVEN & SMITH'S OPERA,
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
In the T\rchangel" and "Tempest."
Friday Night— SOUVENIR EVENT. '.
Photos by Thors. Natural Flowers Frosß *
Shanahan.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
First Time In Thl« City.
CHARLES FROHMAS -Will Present th» Sno-
cess of the Century,
™ LITTLE MINISTER
By J. M. BARRIB. ,
Founded on Ills Novel of the Same Nam*.
SEATS NOW READY.
HOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
PHA SOX GRAND OPERA.
SEMBBICH COMPANY.
Under tho Direction. of C I* GRAFF.
Evening Performances nt S. Matinees at X
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. MARCH 23d.
First Tim* In San Francisco In Many Tears.
Donizetti's
"DON r=»f\S*<^%Jf\L.Ei. r '
MADAME SEMBRICH AS NORINA.
MM. da lats, Bensaude. Rossi. Galazzl.
Repertoire Last We«k Sale Opens To-day.
Monday Evening. March 25th. Verdi's
. * "LA TRAVIATA."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS VIOLETTA.
Wednesday Evening. March 27th. Last Even-
Ins; Performanca Donizetti's
"LUCIA."
MASAMB BEXEBRJCH aa LUCIA DI LAH-
MERMOOR.
Saturday Matinee, March 30th (Laat Psrform-
ance). to Be Announced.
Conductor. BIGNOR BEVIONANI.
Scale of Prices— ll 50. J2. 13. »5. Oallery fnn-
reserved). Jl. General Admission, J2. Seats
Now on sale. Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
*TIYOLI*
EVEOTKGS AT 8. MATIKZB BATCHDAT
AT I
1| "EVERT ONE MARVELS" H—
At the Brilliant Production
"THE
WEDDINC
DAY!"
BOOK BT STANISL.ATJ3 STAJtfQS.
MUSIC BT JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAH PRICES.rT7I77. JSo and B3d
Telephone — Bush 1. ¦
' "NBVBR~BBTTER.»^
SMITH & CAMPBELL: TECHOWS CAT 3:
COAKLEY A HUSTED: AMIEL: BUNTH
A RUDD CO.; MR. and MRS. MARK
MTJRPIIY; BEATRICE MOBEI.AND *
CO.; L.E3 MASCAGNO.
Dancers.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony. 10c; opera, chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE SOUTH 770
EVERT EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAT.
AND SUNDAY. I
The Mammoth and Master Melodramatta
Production of the World!
1-pTJ Lt ' THE BIG NEW YORK
J. JTX JjLj sensation.
t%\ A.XjOLjE'Z".
THE GREATEST SUCCESS
EVER ACHIEVED BT A SEW COMPANT.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CTTT! ,
PRICES
13c 25c 35c 50c.
THIS WEEK— FAREWELL!
JUST THINK OP IT !!
SATURDAY NIGHT— LAST TIME!
BRIGHT, PRETTY, I . IS
CHARMING, CLEVER I THE
TELEPHONE
GIRL! HELL0 ' MAIM l 73 1!
"I'M YOUR BOSS-YES." .
EVENING Jsc, 35c. Me. 73c. fIOO
MATIXEE 25c. 60c. 730
OLYMPIA c'SSifJsi.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSB
IN THE CITY.
THE KOEBERS,
The World's Greatest Aenal OymnasU.
JACK SYMONDS,
An Original Conversationalist.
QUERITA VINCENT
Always a Favorite.
MABEL HUDSON,
With New Songs and Dances.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY. .
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LEAITinAY,
THE TALLEST WOMAN IN THE WORLD.
ST*EOiAL~TO'NIGHTI
THE AMATEURS
In Their Latest Novelty,
SACKSJ)F FUN.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
¦Dime TANFORAN
KALE J_ park.
THt SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March IS to 23, stx high-class raceg
each day.
First race dally at 2:10 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend. 7. 10:40. 11:33 a. m.. 12:40,
' 1, 1:30. 2 p. m. Returning, leave track 4:15 and
thereafter at short Intervals. Rear can re-
served for ladles. ,
Week of. March 25. SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
ADMISSION, INCLUDINO R. R. FARE. 11.25.
'MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Secretary.
¦ WeeHyGall SbOOjerYear
visit OR- JORDAN 'S an cat
MUSEUM OF UfATOMir
iCfc iQaSUS»TBT.t*tfcUTCi,B.r.Cd.
Hf The L*rffe»tAiunomic«l Museum in the
World. \Veikown* or any contracted
SJslflk dlKi>« i^Utlwoly «ur«4 by the oldest
#S|2al SpeOKlUtca IttcCoul. Bat. 36 3raan.
JfffV| OR. JO9DAN-PBJVATE DISEASES
Btfßßkß Conrjltitlon fr-fl and strictly priyate.
I xSET ¦ Tr» iltnent perjontlly or by letter. A
fl #n ¦ fw.HM Cura In erery case tnsdertakea. ' ..
mt( llB» w rite for Book. PHILOSOraYtf
rjl l\T at*»MiA«K, mailbo msa. ia 1
V; A '•> Ih'f' *»lu«blt book tat menj t <•. 'j%:;- .
AkiOBDAN * €•.. 1051 Martet St,a F.
DO YOU FEEL LIKE THIS?
Pen Picture for Women.
"I am so nervous, there is not a
well inch in my whole body. lam so
weak at my stomach and have indi-
gestion horribly, and palpitation of
the heart, and Lam losing- flesh. This,
headache and. backache nearly kills
me, and yesterday I nearly had hyster-
ics ; there is a weight in the lower part
womb can produce all of these aymp*
of my bowels bearing 1 down all the
time, and pains in my groins and
thighs; I cannot sleep, "walk, or sit,
and 1 believe 1 am diseased all over ;
no one ever suffered as I do."
This is a description of thousands of
cases which 'come to Mrs. Pinkham's
attention daily. An inflamed and ul-
cerated condition of the neck of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*^^jAJ^ TTI it ft Tl I* F^- ¦ nl
j|| 1 CARTERS
SIGK' HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and . Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Tasie
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain ii«
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
itr«nifttaens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains a*4
Emissions In Fifteen J)ajs. li._ ,»_i
No drugs to rain tb« stomach, trot • direct local
ud posiure application to toe entire urtthraltraefc
Gr£n-Sol»ent Is not a Ilqnld, It Is prepared l l»
the formof Crarons or Pencils, «mooth and flexible ¦
lid so narrow v to pass the closest Stricture
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tlie St. James Ann. Box K'4. Cincinnati, O- hu
¦tepared at jrrent expense an exhaust- pnrr I
Kre I llustroted Treatise upon tbe male L U L L I
Sritem. which Uw wUI tend w any f HT r s
male applicant. , ¦ ¦»»¦•»¦
ST. JAMES ASSN.. w Jg£Si: Ohio.
Dr.lyon's
PERFECT
Used by people of reflnement
for over a quarter of a century.
DRiMEYERS&CO. j^^^%
Specialists, Dls- SBtff
ease and Weakness SjsStf
lished ISSL Consul- Wffi
tation and private A I r— \ I
book free, at offlce ' MSUVi / S^ffls»
or by moll. Cures VWik*s»fr3r
guaranteed. 7IJI *<fta«S?^iHJ
Market street (ele- JC^f^fii^f^
vat o r entrance),
San Francisco.
nil i ap These hotels pos-
rALAut sess the attributM
that" tourists and
Onfj travelers appreciate
.*•"*¦¦ —central location,
PDA Kill liberal manage-
UllniiU ' rnent, modern ap-
IJATri fl pointments and
HUltLa,
San FrandSCO. ropean plans.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
sale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bide-. San Francisco.
A2XT7S2SXCKNTS.
Phone South 631
To-nlrht and' every evening this week.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Dion Boudcault's Great Irish Drama,
COLLEEN BAWN,
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
SEE THE GREAT CAVE SCENE.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c. JJ5c, 50c
rttlWCd Matinee* 10c. ISc. 23e
NEXT WEEK— Mammoth Production of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL _THEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1901
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK -OF THE
S.S. RIO DE^JANEIRO
Given Under the Auspices of th»
MARINE ENGINEERS' BKNEFICIAL. ASSO-
CIATION No. S5.
Tickets- - One Dollar.
fasVHE^RE^A>
....WILL. MAKE YOU 5M1L8....
TTI-NintfT ANDBALANCB '
i u-niviii i op webk.
.The Funniest Farce oa Earth,
The Proper Gaper
From the Madison Square Theater, New York
City.
PRICES— Iie. 25c. Zoc. 60c.
: MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NextWeek-TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
FISCHER'S concert house.
The Flechtls, Sara Holdworth. Olive Vail, LJL
llan Jeanette. • Chas. -W.-Coglll, Trtxeda, B. A.
Bentley, Chester, and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Re-
served Seats, 25c.' Matinee Sunday.
RONBY'S BOYS' CONCERT CO., of OMc»to.
- - In G RAND ; : CONCERT with
BLATCHFORD KAVANAGH.
V.M.C. A. AUDITORIUM.
rRIDAY EVENING. -March 23.
• Only j appearance thla : season.
JLTto nsK.m v. iy 'j-g.Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO. March 2O.-CATTLE-Receipts,
Mornlnz Session.
800 Aetna 26
2500 Bear Flag 14
600 California-Standard 60
SCO California-Standard, b 30 52
1C0 El Dorado 160
¦ 2C0 Four, b 30 57
.5 Hanford 94 00
1 Hanford 95 00
¦ 2 Hanford 96 CO
'.* 3 Hanforl 98 CO
4 Hanford 90 CO
• ¦S Hanford 1*) 00
\3 Hanford. b 10 100 00
850 Hanford, Fresno. Kern River is
£00 Hanford. Fresno, Kern River 17
105 Home 4 €0
20 Home • 3 95
600 Independence IS
200 Junction €2
lOTVJunctlon 63
100 Kern S 25
60 Kern, b 10 8 23
100O Lio«' 19
3".) Lion •' 17
700 Monarch of Arizona.. 50
100 Occidental of West Urginla. . «
2C0 Occidental of West Mrglnia..... 55
LOO Oil City Petroleum 30
300 Ol! City Petroleum :...,... 29
1(100 Petroleum Center : is
200 Reed Crjide 69
1P00 Reed Crude ••• is
,150 San Joaquin Oil & Dev n 60
50 Snn Joaquin Oil & Dev.' 1173
5« S=ar.' Joaquin Oil &;Der...: :...... U 87%
10O SanJoaquin Oil &,Dev 12 00 v
150 Sterling ..?.'. ...............:...... 2 f.o "
10O Sterling :................ 2 45
aet»unt for the reaction in prices beyond the
continued possibility »\ a coal miners' strike.
th« International irritation over the situation
in Cliina and the prolongation of the South
African »»r. Sterlins exchange was called
firm during the « day In response to higher
money rates in London. There was no dis
turbance in the local money market notwith
standing the day's payment on account of sub
scriptions to the neWtrnion Pacific bond Issues,
calling for 210.0C0.roa. - **.
There was a further decline In the activity
>t prices were not th^ lowest, although proflt
taklnz wa* renewed .>u the advance, making
the closing tone irregular. The taking of
Fpeculaiive profits In Hurlincton was on an
enormous scale. There was determined support
In -the etock at the opening, but the utmost,
that could be secured for it was a half-point
advance. The opening price was the highest
and lt was steadily under pressure for the
rert of the day except for the covering move
ment by the shorts. The contest for change
of control of this road seems to have been
ineffectual, the competitive buying of Insiders,
which carried the- price to yesterday's high
level, having defeated the attempt. Yet the
recorded transactions In the stock within a
few days past have been much more than
•would be sufficient to change the control. -The'
highly speculative character of the dealings
is tcus clearly indicatc<l An effort was made
to FUbrtitute Bt. Paul for Xorthern Pacific as
market leaders and Missouri Pacific was
marked up very buoyaiitly to 101, crossing par
for the first time in many years. There was
a ftrong upward mot-ement in Brooklyn Tran
flt on rumors of official changes and on buying
of -the same character of Manhattan. The
«eei ttocks all continued strong, the dealings
being mostly m the trust certificates for de
l<«!ted etotk. as the time for deposit expired
to^dsy. As the euccc;s of the plan was ob
viously assured there was a final rush to de
posit stuck* bo that tne clerical difficulties of
the trawler make it probable . that delayed
deposits will be | leniently treated. The pre
ferred stocks showed greater strength, gains
?xlending to 4'*. Members of the group re
ccttd with the reet ot the market but re-
Fisted. There were eIsii* of an effort to chift
the speculations from railroads into indus
trial*, ts it is expected that the powerful in
terrets behind the steel corporation will sup
port the new nocks. The profits of the syn
dicate ere apparently to accrue In the shaps
cf allotments cr the new ttocks. for which a
rtrcng market will inure to the benefit of the
cyndicate. There was no actual bad news to
NEW YORK, March 2O.-The market was
overe-'.ie'.med with Belling orders during the
onurre cf to-day's tradiug and the phenomenon
occurred of an eager unloading of stocks by
e!arnv-d holders without any bad news bearing
on the value of their property to alarm them.
The t>ul! leaders attempted for a time to con
te*t th« decline and co divert the speculation
inw new channels, but the market was ob
viously tired and res-K>nded languidly to the
manipulation for th* advance. Yesterday's
l-»avy j.rofit-taking brought further selling
nrrlTs through commiFsion-houses and the
r^ari". detreting the slralned conditions in the
market, put out larger thort lines. When the
bulls finally ceased *heir efforts to check the
decline pries crumbled rapidly and stop-loss
• .rders were dlFlndjted on a large scale. With
Mlly a few exception* prices fell well below
Urt nirht. Profit-tak'.ng by the bears caused
- ron*iderahle rally in «.he last hour, so that
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were' as follows: Flour,
steadier; No. 3 spring wheat. 69@73%c; No. 2
ttd, 75%@76»ic; No. 2 corn, 40%c; No. 2 yellow.
40Vic: No. 2 oats. 25%@26c: No. 2 white. 2S<323c:
No. 3 white. 27H03Oc; No. 2 rye, 53c; good
feeding barley, 40® 46c; fair to choice malting,
4 - !@37%c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 64; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 55; prime timothy seed, $4 10@4 15; mess
pork, per bbl. $16 75® 16 SO; . lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 85©7 £7%: short ribs sides (loose), $7 60@7 75;
dry salted' shoulders (boxed), $6 50^6 75; short
clear sides (boxed). $8@8 12%; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 27; clover, -contract grades,
tip 65010 75. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 77,000 40,000
Wheat, bushels 186.000 49.000
Corn, bushels '. .'...372.000 106,000
Oats, bushels 419,000 3S1.000
liye. bushels ....: 12,000 40,000
Barley, bushels 33.000 , .4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull ; creameries. 15@21c; dairies,
1V&18C Cheese, active, 10»4@ll%c Eggs, dull;
fresh, ll&e.
¦ • ¦ — ; ; . - : i • - -
Foreign Futures.,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 *>', 6%
Closing :... . ..: 6 1 • 6 »i
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May- Aug.
Opening ....... IS 60 19 70 ;
Closing ...Jf. .....18 55 ..13 25
•¦ Flour— . ' .
Opening '23 35 .25 20.
Closing 23 90 23 10 -
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 75H 78 75H 75%
April 75H 7«H 75',4 76
May 76% 77y 4 ISM, 77
Corn No. 2—
March .... 40
May 41H 41H 41H 41%
July 41H 41% 41U 41%
Oats No 2—
March 24H 24% 24tf 24%
May 25H 25V* 23 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 16 50 16 90 1« 50 18 90
July 15 £0 13 55 15 40 Jo 40
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 MVL 7 87H 7 82% 7 87V4
July 7 87% 7 87% 7 82% 7 87%
September... 7 92% 7 95 7 87% 7 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lb!>—
May' 7 67% 7 70 7 67% 7 70
September ..... 7 67% 7 70 7 65 7 67%
Small receipts of hogs and higher prices at
the yards for them gave a bullish tone to the
provisions market, where a further rise oc
curred, establishing a new high price record
for the season. Pork" was wanted, but there
was scarcely any on- the market save when
shorts raised their bids to a marked degree.
A good cash demand contributed to the ad
vance in futures. May pork left off 62Vfcc
over yesterday, lard Sc higher and ribs I^c
improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Corn responded very feebly to the bullish
Fplrlt of the wheat market at the opening.
The weather was regarded as bearish and re
ceipts continued to show improvement in grade.
May closed unchanged at 41%c.
Oats were dull. May closed a shade higher
at 2DUc
CHICAGO, March 20.— Irregularity and ner
vous excitement characterized tyie Wheat mar
ket to-day. May opened %@%c higher at 76'4
@76%c, mainly under pressure from shorts,
whose fears were aroused by the steadiness of
Liverpool cables, by cold weather and the
small total of Northwest receipts. Long wheat,
mostly from scalpers, came out In sympathy
with the easiness in corn and May reacted to
76Uc on a dull market. On scarcely any trade
and with no added reason for such action the
market quickly rallied to 76%c and then re
acted to 7SV4c At this point lt was reported
that English and Russian troops had fired at
each other at Tientsin and nervous shorts
rushed to cover, causing a rally to 77c. Real
izing sent it back to 76V4c. . but on the re
ported drop of 19 points In the condition df
Kentucky wheat and, ravages of fly in Texas
and further apprehension over the strained
relations between England and Russia, May
advanced again to 7714c. Profit-taking caused
a small fractional recession from this, but
the close was strong. %<@%c higher at 76%@77c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Oenwally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope and clear in the Rocky Mountain
repion.
The pmuK has fallen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains.
The terr.r>era'ure has risen over the Rocky
Mountain rogi^n and fallen along the central
coa« of California. EUewhere the changes
have been slight.
Conditions are very unsettled over California
and v hi'.e the weather will b# cloudy rain is
not expected except on the extreme northwest
coast.
Forecast mafle at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 2L 1301:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, prob
ably with showers on the extreme northwest
coast; fresh westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
¦rest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Utah — Partly cloudy Thursday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday;
frtFh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Temporarily In Charge.
FORECAST.
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ft: minimum, fl; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Michael' McCann to Simon Clayburgh, lot on
N line of Halght street, 1W W of Webster. W
1:1 vlgintitloth of an Inch by N 137.4. quit
claim deed: $40.
Reuben H. Lloyd to same, lot on N Una of
Haight street. 150 W of Wefcter. W 25 by N
137:8, quitclaim deed: HO.
Simon and Sophie Clayburgh to Jacob Wie
ner, same; $40G0.
Sarah A, Mortimer C. and Sadie K. Dewitt
to William C. Crow ley. lot on E line of Baker
street. 30 S of Lombard. S 23 by E $1:3; I1C0O.
William Perry to Helena Perry, lot on S Un«
of Sacramento street. 234:1 W of Cherry, W
23. SW 133:11H. E 44:1. N 132:7%: gift.
Patrick Hackett to Mary J. Hack*tt.« lot oa
W line of Guerrero street. 145:8 S of Sixteenth,
S 58 by W 99; gift.
Marcella T. Black to E. H. Black, lot on SB
corner of Sixteenth street and Rondel place.
E 10 by S 115; gift.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to John
Q. Jackson, lot on E line of Guerrero street.
247:5 S of Eighteenth. S 23 by E 103; $3000.
Felix Marcuse and Julius A. Rename! . and
Marcuse & Remmel (bankrupts) (by W. F.
Kroll, trustee) to George W. Fisher, lot on N
line of Nineteenth street. 130 E of No-. E 2S
by N 114; $25.
George D. Flack to Sarah M. Tlack. lot on
E line of Kolsom street. 100 S of T-wenty-flftS.
S 37:6 by E 112:6; $10.
Etlenne Gayde and Pauline Laureys to Jo
seph Niche!, lot on N 11ns of Pln« street, 77:6
W of Stockton. W 40 by N 6»:«; $5000.
Jane Mattel (wife of James L.) to C. Osgood
Hooker, lot on N Una of Ellis street. 197 W of
Jones. W SS by N 120: $20,500.
Robert Shields to Gustav L. Page, lot on
SW corner of Turk and Leavenworth streets.
W 37:* by S 87:«; $25,000.
S. Prentlss Smith to P. B. Cornwall, lot on
S corner of Harrison and Second streets. SB
175. SW 160, NW 25. NE 80, NW 25. SW »,
NW 25. NE 20. NW 100. NE 80; $1.
L. P. Harvey to Elizabeth L. Slgoarney. lot
on W line of Seventh avenue, 500 N of Lake
street. N S3:l%. SW 116. S 31:«. E 114; »430O.
W. y. and Maria L. Huntington to Frank
Fischer, lot on S line of B street. 27:« W or
Fifteenth avenue. W 50 by S 10O; $500.
August and May Fischer to Margaret A.
Skelly.. lot on NE corner of D street and Thir
ty-sixth avenue, E 27:4 by N 105; $500.
Martin Scanlan to Roy T. Klmball. lot oa
SW" line of Tenth avenue South. 150 NW of
P street. NW 50 by SW 100. block 211. South
San Francisco; $300.
Roy T. Klmball to Norton Tanning Com
pany (a corporation), same; $500.
The McCarthy Co. (a corporation) to E. J.
Wittenberg Co., lots S and 7. block 13. Lake
view; $500.
Henry A. Crane to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on
N corner of Thirty-fifth avenue and K street
South NW 73 by NE 100. block SO. Paul Tract;
$1000. "
Solomon and Dora Get* to George Tapp. lot
on NE line of Persia avenue. 25 SE of Lisbon
street. SE 25 by NB 100. block 23. Excelsior
Tract; $500.
Alameda County.
Michael and Ellen E. Fahey to Ann!« L.
Alexander, wife of John, lot 133. block B. oa
map of Vicente Peralta Reservation tract, at
Temescal. Oakland: $2000.
The Beta Theta Phi Hall Association of
Berkeley (a corporation) to Warren Olney. lot
on E line of Leroy avenue, O:15 9 Ridjro
Road S 13:35 by E 125. being the N 75:35 feet
lot 4. block 20, Daley's Scenic Park. Berke
ley: $500.
Mary W- »n<J J. C. Diamond to E. S. God>
Ing lot on SE corner Broadway and Encinal
avenue. S 77. E 140:2, N 70:«. W 142:« to be
ginning, being a portion of Hays and Caper
ton tract. Alameda; $1000.
Henry Prideaux to William J. and Elizabeth
Kitto. all interest in lot 9. block 2037. Row
land Tract. Oakland; $1COO.
• Builders' Contracts.
Wllhe'.mlna, Clara A. and Edward H.
Stroecker . '(owners), with Caspar Zwierlein
(contractor and architect) — All work for a
double three-story frame building (six flats> on
. the SW corner of Franklin street and Lilly
avenue. S 60 by W 73; total. $12,560.
Reuben H. Lloyd (owner), with M. F. Gal»
(contractor), architects SaMeld & Kohlberg—
Brick and granite work and cementing for a
three-story brick building with concrete base
ment on NW line of Mission street. »1:S SW of
Main. 'SW 43:10 by NW 137:«: total $SCOO.
Pardon A. Cook (owner) with J. E. Loomer
(contractor), architect William H. "Wharft—
All work except ; sas and electrical ' fixtures.
etc.. 'fences and cement walls for a 1-story
and attic frame residence of lot on W line of
Pierce street. 1C0 S of Bush. S 32 by W 73:
Fannie J. Black (ownert with E. T. Letter
(contractor), architect All work except
gas fixtures, shades and tinting for a 2-story
frame building on lot <jn N line of Green
street. 170 W of Larkln. W SbyN 14-: $4937.
%VHllam Keith (owner) with Bletch * Lans
ing (contractors*, architect Willis Polk— All
work for a 3 story frame buildlrp on lot on N
line of Washington street. a8:9 W of Lyon. W
2S:9 by N-«>2:* L «: «237.
Harry C. and Hortense N*. Good (by John
Lackm&n, Sheriff) to J. J. Rauar, lot on SB
corner of Octavla and Ellis streets, E (2:4 by
EEA1 ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
VEpETABLES-Rhubarbi 73c@$l 50 per box;
AsparaRus, $2^2 50 for fan<Sy. $1 25ftl V5 per
l>ox forsNo. 1 and 5Oc0$l fcrNo.2; Green
Peas, 2@3c for; Bay; String Beans. 6@10c:
( abbage. .65© 75c; Tomatoes. . Los Ansreles. - Ibciv
$1 50 -per rcrate; from Mexico, $101 51 per
crate;. Egg: Plant. v Los: Angeles, 109il5c per lb;
Green Peppers. Los Angeles. SC12Vic per Id
POTATOES— Early Rose, 83c@$l; . Burbanks.
2G«?D0c for River and 60®85c^f or , Oregon ; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. S0@90c; -Sweets, bO@
73c for Merced; New Potatoes, "l<s(P3o per lb.
ONIONS-$2iS2 75; per ctl; Cut; Onions, 50c@
$1 M) per sack; Australians.-, $3 50@4; Green
Onions. 25(!740c ner box. . - -•
- Receipts were 1721 boxes Asparagus,', 786 boxes
Rhubarb, 4D6 sacks Bay Peas and 85 sks New
Potatoes.' '-'-.I >:¦¦¦••¦ -¦:• ¦••••.•..¦..-•.-...>.;¦.-¦.• .-•..-,•,,.
The .Vegetable '. market Is still characterized
by heavy receipts of . Asparagus, but prices
keep up very well under, a good demand. Rhu
barb and Pens are steady. Beans are frost bit
ten.- - .- •; .- r, ., ., .. .-, . . -... ..; . ¦ ¦;.-
Potatoes continue steady and Onions are firm
under reduced " stocks. , ; ; :;"--¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal;: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $3 50@3; Canary 3H@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7V4«?8%c for Califor
nia and 9©9%c for Utah; Rape, 2®2%c; Hemp,
3Hc; Timothy, 6>ic • ¦
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50^2 65; Small White, $4 60
&4 90; Large White. $4®1 25; Pink. $1 85(fT2:
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3©3 25; LImas. $5 75<S
5 90; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $3 75® 4 per
ctl. .
Stocks of colored Beans are too large for the
demand and the feeling is weak. Pinks being
especially depressed. ¦ White kinds are firmly
held nnd In llehtcr. eupply than colored.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS-$16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17<?*18; Corn Meal, $25©
25 fiO; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
ili'fl 16. -
HAY— Volunteer. $5(^8: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9^12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@9 60; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25@47y.c per bale.
Hay and Feeds tu ffs.
All descriptions remain without change. -The
demand for everything is more or less quiet.
BRAN-$15@15 50 per ton. j .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
07 60; in sacks, $5 7507 25; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR-Californla i Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75©2 85 per barrel for family - and
$3 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers' $2 75
<S>3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. $1 25@1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25® 1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, Jl 17%@1 20;
for Seed. $1 2501 SO per ctL
CORN— Offerings continue" neglected.
Yellow, ?1 10@l 15; White, il 1*31 15; East
ern mixed. $1 I2H per ctl.
RYE-SO0S2*c per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales..
Regular Morning Session— 2000 ctls, 73c; 2000,
73%c. -
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There is nothing new to report, the
market beins very quiet.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Feed, 76Vi#77Hc for choice bright, 75c ¦ for
No. 1 and 72V£@73%c for on* grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades. S0:g85c: Chevalier, nomi
nal.
" Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
1102%; 8000. $102%. December-6000, $1 C5ft;
38,000. $1 06. . . .
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 05%.
BARLEY — The market was a fraction firmer
again, with a moderate demand.
2000 ctls. $1 02.
Second Session
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 4000
Us. $1 05V4.. May— 4000, $1 02.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened ¦ firmer on better foreign ad
vices and wintry weather. A report from
London that the Russians and British had flred
upon each other at Tientsin hardened the mar*
kec a little, and some crop damage talk from
Texas was another bullish factor. The com
mission houses sold on the swells, however,
shorts bflng the buyers. The Pillsbury-Wash
burn mills at Minneapolis reported orders for
flour to keep them running till May. Primary
receipts were 584,603 bushels, against 635,862 for
the same time last year. The 'shorts were
filling at the close.
This market was higher again, both on and
Spot Wheat— Shipping. Jl; milling, $1 02HS1 03
per ctl.
WHEAT — Liverpool was firm and Parts fu
tures lower. New York advanced several frac
tions. Broomhall cabled a stronger English
market, owing to fears of foreign complica
tions, with the thorts covering and console
3-18 off. --•.;. ,• - . » 4 ,¦ : .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 55%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S\,
Sterling Cables — 4 S9%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^
Silver, per ounce .....' — 60%
Mexican I>ollars. nominal 60 & 61
Exchange and Bullion.
The followiss are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty-
Jour hours:
FAX FRANCISCO. March 20. 1901—5 p. m.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Heiiry Clews' New Tork circular says:
"There is a class cf operators (rather numer
cuj) Tvho teem almost unconscious of the ex
tent to which Wall Ftreet conditions have
recently become abnormal. It hardly strikes
them as a somewhat startling fact that within
the f.rst ten weks of the current year the
sale* of ttocks at the exchange have amounted
to 1£.ZO0.K<0 fhares. compared with 13.400,000
Fhares for the same wetks of 1900; while the
transactions in bonds have reached $232,700,000,
a«tin« SU'f.SOO.OOO a year ago. This enormous
expansion of transactions has occurred on a
rcale of prices 3u to 35 ]>oir.is above the pre
vious normal of valu>*s. So steady has the
markn become on this Immensely advanced
eca)<? of priefs that many uninitiated operators
take ¦•.'.' this as n mati-r of course, assume that
the inflation has come to stay, cling to their
holding? and employ their profits for additional
purchases at still rising prices. I do not say
that this Borging prows may not be carried
to eti!! greater lengths without precipitating
immediate disaster, for there is no Baying into
what c-xcepses the present eanguine spirit
among untrained M>eeulators may not run,
and the amount of profits to the credit of
this o1e.sp of must afford them a
considerable fund for tlieir protection. Also,
it is to be conceded, so far as respects ratl
roa-1 investments, that for some years past the
fir-anres of those corporations have been lm
jirovir* to an extent ¦which had not be*n fully
i«?Sect«?d in the average tcale of market values;
fo that we may reasonably calculate upon * a
|K>rtion of the late great rise in prices being
l#nnanently retained. But it should never be
forgotten by the novitiates that the profes
rional operator has a keen and true eye for
joint where the outsider Is most sanguine. It
may be taken for granted that from this time
fenvard every further advance brings the situ
ation to much nearer the culminating point,
and that both reckless and pyramid buying
will BOwntr or later precipitate reaction."
A Note of Caution.
1,276,100 Share* sold
U S 2s refunding N T Cent lsts......lO7W
res; lOiTi N J Cent gen 5S...133H
do coup 106^ North Pac 3s 72
do 3s reg 11U« do 4s „ jqsv
do coup HlVi N Y C & St L 4s ..lO»V»
do new 4s reg 1SSU Norf & W con 4s..ji>3i~
do coup 138'i Or Nav lsts 110
do old 4s reg 113^ do 4s 104
do coup 114V* Or S Line 6s 127
do 6s reg Ul^i do con 6s .... 116W
do coup 111H Reading gen 4s ... 9414
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..123'^ R G W lsts 101
Atchison gen 4s....l24V4 St L & I M con 5s.HS
do adj 4s 94 St L & S F gen 6S.131U
Can So 2ds 10S St Paul cons 184»!
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St P C & Pac lsts. 118
do Ss 12H, <jo 5s 1*014
C & N W con 7s.. 140^4 South Pac 4« .... 92^4
do S F deb 6s. ..122 South Ry 5s 11;
Chi Term 4s 97 . S Rope & T 6s 56
Colo So 4s 86H Tex & Pac lsts . 119
D & R G 4s 1024 do 2ds 9i«
Erie gen 4s S7U Union Pac lsts :..10bU
Ft W & D C lsts.lOlU Wabash lsts mi"
Gen Elec £s 176 do 2ds no
Icwa Cent lsts 117'i West Shore 4s ns>~
L & Nash unl 4s. .101** WIs Cent lsts 90^
M K & T 2ds fcO',4 Va Centuries %%
do 4s 9S%
MINING .STOCKS.
Adams Con 2J.Llttle Chief 04
Alice ' 35 Ontario 950
Breece 1 20 Ophir 55
Brunswick Con ... a Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl .. """. .„
Con Cal A Va 1 50 Savage .„.'.'.'.'.'."" 05
Deadwood Terra... £0 Sierra Nevada...." 24
Horn Silver 110 Small Hopes C5
Iron Silver ......... 60 Standard .: 4 <k>
Leadvllle Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— Union Pacific ..... 92*1
Call loans 3S4 Union Land......' 41?
Time loans J',i34 West End..... 9;
Stocks— • - ,.-- Westlngh Elec^.... 62-
Atchlson' 58T4 Bonds— '
do prefd ......... 33V Atthison 4s ." 10114
CLOSING BONDS
of the railroad "bond market and the price
movement continued irregular. Total sales,
$5,190,000.
United States 3s advanced V* and the new
4s and old 4s H per cent on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock* — Bid.
49,200 Atchlson 59 ¦
81.300 Atchison prefd 94
3,300 Baltimore & Ohio.'. 92
€.000 Canadian Pacific 93**
4.000 Canada Southern 62U
10.7C0 Chesapeake & Ohio 4»»i
2.700 Chicago Great Western 22%
90.9CO Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 162 T i
4.100 Chicago Ind Ac Louisville :. 35Vi
1.200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 7H»
1.B00 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 116
600 Chicago & Northwestern /...177»i
27,400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 12SU
400 C C C & St Louis 77»/«
4.200 Colorado Southern IOV4
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45\»
1,500 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19» 4
2,200 Delaware & Hudson 164%
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .196
1.500 Denver & Rio Grande 4<H4
4.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90V»
30,400 Erie , 32V*
11.000 Erie 1st prefd 6~,\
1.500 Great Northern prefd 201H
500 Hocking Coal 17'»
1.200 Hocking Valley 53
2.500 Illinois Central 136
1,200 Iowa Central 31
€00 Iowa Central prefd 57V4
5,100 Lake Erie & Western 43?*
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 121
Lake Shore 210^i
19,200 Louisville & Nashville , 99^
66.100 Manhattan L 126
5,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
29.700 Mexican Central 2414
600 Minn & St Louis S2»,
Minn & St Louis prefd 112
61,600 Missouri Pacific 100
Mobile &. Ohio SO^
14.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 23H
17,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 69
400 New Jersey Central 153
9.900 New York Central »145"i
6,600 Norfolk & Western 50^i
Norfolk & Western prefd 85^»
2«.000 Xorthern Pacific .¦ S7H
2,200 Northern Pacific prefd 89
6,900 Ontario & Western 31T4
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
21.100 Pennsylvania 152
10.300 Reading ..: 32 7 4
7,000 Reading 1st prefd 72T»
11.600 Reading 2d prefd 4IS
Rio Grande Western 65
100 Rio Grande Western prefd » M?i
2.500 St Louis & San Fran 42^
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 85Vj
1.5P0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 68%
2.000 £t Louis Southwestern 82^4
4.600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 63
6S.900 St Paul lblVi
St Paul prefd lS»«i
St Paul & Omaha ..125
21,600 Southern Pacific ' 451;
62.200 Southern Railway 26'i
2L600 Southern Railway prefd 7fci s
17.300 Texas & Pacific 3l4»
46.100 Union Pacific 93
6.200 Union Pacific prefd ' £51.
4.900 Wabash 19
17.600 Wabash prefd 25Vi
600 " Wheeling & Lake Erie 15
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30&
4,100 Wisconsin Central i}» 4
Third Avenue 121
700 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91Vi
7.500 Xatlonal Tube Co, t r 60 1 *
6,300 National Tube Co prefd, t r 113^
Express Companies —
Adams 155
200 American 194
1.200 United States 72
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
1,200 American Cotton Oil 26
2W) American Cotton Oil prefd 85
300 American Malting 5%
100 American Malting prefd 27
14.500 American Smelting & Refining l"%
6.400 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 96%
American Spirits, noni 14
American Spirits prefd. nom 17
2,900 American Steel Hoop, t r 42
3,900 American Steel Hoop prefd, t r S2»i
4,200 American Steel & Wire, t r 42%
5,000 American Steel & Wire prefd, t r.-lOSi*
2.600 American Tin Plate, t r 70%
SOO American Tin Plate prefd. t r 114
43,490 American Tobacco ..127i t
American Tobacco prefd 144
600 Anaconda Mining Co 45U
116,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit..-. 85»i
4.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48
8,000 Continental Tobacco 45%
700 . Continental Tobacco prefd ...104
6.100 Federal Steel, t r 4gi4
18.200 Federal Steel prefd, t r 101V4
2.100 General Electric >. 215
100 Glucose Sugar 47i,i
Glucose Sugar prefd 94
100 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 73Vi
800 Laclede Gas , 8lVi
6.100 National Biscuit 41T*
National Biscuit prefd 95\4
National Lead UVi
200 National Lead prefd 84,
3.100 National Steel, t r 13
1,200 National Steel prefd, t r.. lisyj
New York Aif Brake 158
100 North American, new stock 77
400 Pacific Const 56
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C5V.
200 Pacific Mall 34^
10,100 People's Gas fO6Ji
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 34
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 77%
100 Pullman Palace Car 203
Standard Rope & Twine 414
27.700 Sugar 140Vi
600 Sugar prefd „ 122 "
4.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron , 66%
6.K00 United States Leather 13
200 United States . Leather prefd 75U
United States Rubber 1914
1.000 United States Rubber prefd 5Sli
2.1fi0 Western Union, ex dlv 87%
8,900 Amalgamated Copper ico«i
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16%
2.7C0 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 66U
C C & St Louis Co 64
MISCELLANEOUS -BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3=4 — . Oceanic S3 5s. — —
Cal-st Cab Ss.1164 — Om C R 6s. ...123% —
C C Water 08.1088410914 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100^4
E L.& P 69..12SH13314 Pk* & Cl R Ss.105 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll4 — PkAOR 6s.. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R 69.120 —
Haw C 5Hs....lOS«4 — SEG&RSS.95 —
Haw C 5s 105'4j— 8 F &SJV Ss.121 —
L A R R 5s.. .112 - S R of Cal «s.H0 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — • S P R of A 6s
Do gnted 6s.. — 104 <1909) 112*4 —
* Do gntd 5s. .100 — Do (1910) 113 —
L A P R R 58.101^1024 SPCb (1905.
Markt-st C 6s. - 127 Series A) - UH
Do 1st c 5s. .120% — Do(Series B)1U'4H1 1 »
N C N G R 7s. — 113>-4 Do «190«) — 113^i
N* R of Cal 6s. — 114% Do (1912).....122 ) <4 —
N R of Cal 5s.l20% — 6 P C 1st g 5S.108H —
N P C R R 6S.101H - 8 P Br R 6s..l31*133U
N P C R R 68108V* - S V Water 6s.ll2^113
N C R R 6s. .111 — S V Water 4s. 103% —
O G L & H 5s.ll0>4 — Do 3d mtg-..102«4 —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117 Stkn O &. E 6s. 100 —
Oak W Co 5s. .100 10O>4. •
WATER STOCK8. = : :
Contra Costa.. 71 72 Spring Valley.. 93% 9414
Marln County. 53H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.... — ' 4 Pac Lt Co — 44
Eqult Gas 3K 3% Sac E G & R,. 35 40
Mut Elec Lt... — K»; S F G & E.... 46% 46^
O G L & H 50 51 San Francisco. 4>4 4H
Pac Gas Imp.. — 44 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Tirem's Fund. — 250 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 70 *77H Lon P A A... .145 —
Bank of Cal... — 410H Mer Ex (liq)... U —
Cal Safe I>p..lO6 10«y 4 S F National.. — 13
1st N of S F... — 8121/4
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav A Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .. — 140 |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio — 30
Market st 69*4 — '
• POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 83 84 Vlgorlt tK —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7H 84 Kllauea 22 22H
Haw Com — 85 Makawell 41% 42
Honokaa 32'i — Onomea 29 30
Hutch S P 23*4 — Paauhau 33 33H
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. ..120 122%, Oceanic 63 Co- t2%
Cal Fruit Can. — l«Hi Pac A F A....* 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn..lO2',4 — Par Paint Co. 16 —
Morning Session. ¦ .
Board—
E0 Cal Safe Deposit-.... 1M 00
50 Contra Costa Water— 71 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 21 25
$1COO Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 112 50
$i>000 N P It R 5s bonds 108 624
50 Oceanic S S Co. 45 00
145 Oceanic S S Co .- 44 CO
10 Oceanic S S Co. s 30 43 75
25 Oceanic S S Co. s 30 43 50
ICO Oceanic S S Co. s 60 43 00
$:C00 Oceanic S S bonds 105 CO
61 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 35 00
175 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 25
130 S F Gas & Electrk: Co 46 00
60 S V Water »3 75
Street—
I 5 Alaska Packers' Assn 122 00
10 Cal Wine Assn 100 00
Afrernoon Session.
Board—
$£000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 00
10 Giant Powder Con «3 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 14 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 23 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 23 75
60 Kilauea 8 P Co 72 50
100 Makawelt S Co 41 87H
35 Makawell S Co (cash) 42 00
15 Makaweli S Co 42 00
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 104 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 43 00
40 Oceanic S S Co 42 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 42 62V4
15 Oceanic S S Co 41 75
10 Oceanic S S Co, s 90 42 50
25 Onomea S Co 29 25
15ft Paauhau S P Co &3 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co...; 46 12'-i
.45 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 2o
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 37H
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 50
¦Street—
$2C00 S P of C 6s bonds -. ....Ill 50
6 S V Water S4 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon H4'ill4H'4s coup (new.l3S 1 4l3S*i
4a registered. ..113W13H 3s coupon lllViim;
WEDNESDAT. March 20— » p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS,
A very fair business was done on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, but fluctua
tions were few. Gas and Electric was lower
at $46 20f/4<5 and Oceanic sold down to $43 50
spot and $43 seller 30. A'- /
' In the afternoon Gas and Electric was firmer
at $46@46 50 and Hutchinson Sugar lower at
$24^23 cO. Oceanic sold at $43^42 50.
The oil- stocks were generally firm on the
morning sessions. Hanford advanced from $90
to * 100 under the usual small sales. Twenty-
Eight advanced to $1 60. California-Standard to
£2c and San Joaquin to $12.
In the aftsrnoon Petroleum Center was higher
at 13@15c. Monarch at E5®59c and Kern at
13 60. Twenty-Eight bold up to $1 65 and Han
ford wa» lower at S3S«u9. *
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Spring Valley Water. 42o; Central Light and
Power. 4c; California Powder, II: Hutchinson
Sugar. 25c; California Fruit Canners". 60c;
Home Oil. 10c.
STOCK AND ~B0ND~ EXCHANGE.
\ Exchange and Silver as before. 1
Wheat and Barley doing better again. i
Oats, Corn and Rye still quiet.
Nothing iiczu in Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Colored Beans in liberal supply and weakening.
Jl'hitc Beans firmly held under moderate supplies.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm. Vegetables in good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry remarkably high and very firm.
Oranges offered heavily at auction.
Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Prunes now in good demand and firm everywhere.
Hams and Lard stiff a>td in demand. Bacon quiet.
Hogs continue scarce at the high prices.
Oil stocks firmer again. Local stocks and bonds rather quiet.
Another advance in Pacific Codfish.
First Strawberries of the season arrived from Menlo Park.
KEW TORK. March 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.360 barrels; exports. 3000 barrels; the market
was more active on the rise in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, ?3.8C0 bushels; exports.
172.000 bushels: spot, firm; No. 2 red, SITsC f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. SOTfcc elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 9C%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. P3V4c f. o. b. afloat. Options had
a strong and active day on war scares, higher
cables, better European acceptances and heavy
withdrawals from warehouses. Besides the ac
tive local covering on the news outside buying
was something of a feature; closed strong,
Va'ff'&c net advance: May, SO%@SO»ic. closed at
50*ic: July closed at Me.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Sttady.
WOOIy-Qulet.
SUGAR — Raw, steady to firm: fair refining.
3*4c: centrifugal. 96 teet, 4 13-32c: molasses
sugar, 3 9-32c; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 7tfc:
mild, dull; Cordova. &H@12c. Futures closed
quiet, with prices unchanged to 5 points net
lower; total sales. 7750 bags, including May.
$5 60; September, $5 SO; October, $5 So; Decem
ber. $6.
BUTTER— Receipts. 62,'a 'packages; firm;
fresh creamery. 16fg'22o: factory. 10914Hc. '
EGGS— Receipts. 20,233 packages; firm; West-'
em. at mark, 13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
More cr less apathy was prevalent In evap
orated apples all through the session and prices
were unchanged. Stat; common, 3i??4e; prime.
4Hf?47*c; choice. 5<§5*;c. fancy, 6©6Hc Cal
ifornia dried fruits ruled, dull and featureless
at unchanged prices on the basis of 3V4@7c
per pound for prunes, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, *(K-®12c; Moorpark, 8U
@13c. . .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%(g20c; unpeeled, 5^
(g'lOc.
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— To-day"s state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $152,059,930; gold. $93,250,351.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, March 20.— Money on call,
steady at 2'i®3 per cent: last loan, 3 per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%@4% per
cent; sterling exchange, steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for de
mand and at $4 84H@4 84% for 60 days; posted
rates. $4 85@4 S5«4 and *4 S8^; commercial bills,
$4 S3%@4 84H; silver bars, 60%c; silver cer
tificates, 61%@63c; Mexican dollars, 49c; Gov
ernment bonds, strong; State bonds, steady;
railroad bonds irregular.
Nczu York Money Market.
NEW TORK, March 20.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market suffered a general depres
sion to-day under the influence of the news
of both as ' declination of the terms offered
for peace in South Africa and of the definite
announcement that .Von Waldersee had, failed
to arrange the differences at Tientsin. Both
London and Paris sold consols short, but no
body takes a really serious view of the situa
tion, which undoubtedly will be settled am
icably. American snares began dull, but the
selling here was soon stopped by buying
orders from New York, especially In the Atch
isons. Union Pacifies and Southern railways.
A very steady Improvement ensued until at
the, close the rather ' bad news from China
caused the market to ease off.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 20.— Atchlson, 62: Canadian
Pacific. 97%; Union Pacific preferred, 88;
Northern Pacific prefd, 91H; * Grand Trunk.
7%; Anaconda. 9%. Bar Silver,' steady, 2S l-16d
per ounce. Money. 3%@4% per cent.
London Market.
Am Sugar 140?i N E G & Coke 5s. 6S
do prefd 121 Mining shares-
Am. Telephone 161 Adventure 13V4
Boston & Albany.. 254% Btngham 24S
Boston Elevated ..173 Amalg Copper .....101
Boston & Maine. ..195 Atlantic 32»£
C B & Q: 168% Boston & Mont 355
Dom Coal 3S>*i Butte & Boston.... 100
do prefd no Calumet & Hecla..S5S
ted Steel 4g Centennial 27!i
do prefd lOOVi Franklin 22
Fitchburg prefd. ..144't. Humboldt 50
Gen Elec 2ir»U Osceola 86
do prefd 192 Parrot 51&
Ed E4ec 111 245 Qulncy 17
Mex Cent 24»J Santa Fe Copper.. 8^
N E G & Coke... 12& Tamarack 338
Old Colony 20S Utah Mining 33>.i
Old Dominion 36 Wlnona 6-
Rubber 19U Wolverines 51
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
:-. PACIFIC i CODFISH— Some descriptions' have
been advanced. Bundles, .per. lb. ; 4 l ,Jc;" cases,
regular, otfei'do, extra large, 5^c; do. East
ern ; style,' 6Vic ; Boneless. 6^ic ; Norway", ' 6^c i
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coo*
Day. $5 50; WalUend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end.. $9: Cumberland. $T2 In bulk and $13 23 in
packs; Pennsylvania Anthraclre Egg, $14; Can
rel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 p«r ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
t? 45 per :0CO pounds and $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.-- - .... ..
SUGAR— The: Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes/ per lb. In 100-lb-bags:
Crushed, 6.05c;' Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.8Rc; Dry" Granulated, : 5.55c; - Confec
tioners' A.* 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; : Extra C.
5.05c; Golden C, 4.35c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels,": 25c ¦ more; boxes," 60c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. ; ." No : orders \ taken - for less «than , 75
burrels or ; Its . equivalent. Dominos. half-bar
relp. ¦ «.30r: boxen; fi.5Sc.per lb. .¦¦•'. • ;.. ..
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 (55; Calcutta
Grain Bags,; June and July. 6%€<c: spot, 6%@
6%c; local make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 30<?34c : Fleece Twine, : 7%«g8c. . . ... '} • ; ¦
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 ' lbs and under. 6H
<S6>^c:lS0 to 225 lbs. 6%c: 225 and over, 6i36«4c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 9@9Hc.
• The scarcity In Hogs continues. An occa
sional | fancy lot of small Hogs brings 6%c
but local buyers generally limit their bids to
6> 8 c. ' ,
UEEF— 7®Sc for Steers and 6®7VSc. per lb for
COWS. '
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8H@9c; Ewes, Sg8Hc per
pound. •". "¦">•",'¦-¦•
UMIt- Spring. 10©llc per pound.
WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@13c: de
fective. lOffillc: Mldrtle County, free, 10@llc:
do. defective. 9@10c; Southern, 12 months, 8@
9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7©10c: do, de
fective, 7 months,. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
15016c; do, medium and coarse, Ht?15c; Ore
gon Eastern, cholc*. 12@Uc; do. fair to* good.
9(Sllc; Nevada. 10012c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, Il(gl2c; Middle County and North
ern. 8<ff9c: San Joaquin, 7@8c.
HOPS-1502OC per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides* Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9V4c; medium, 8V4c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides- S%c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c: Salted Calf.
10c: Dry Hides. 15%c; Culls. 13c; Dry Kip. 15c;
Prv Calf. 16r: Culls and Brands, 12®13c: Sheen
skins, shearlings. 15® 25c each: short Wool. 30
tfi4Cc each; meilum, 50«65c: long Wool. 75c@$l
wh; Horse HMes. salt. $2 50 for large anrl
$:@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for. small and 50c
f"r Colts: Unrse Hides, drv. $1 75 for laree.
$1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 3oc; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. F.Oc; medium. 35c.
• -T.A LT,O W— No. 1. rendered, 4V4c perlb; No.
2. 3H@4c; grease, 2®2Hc ' .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
cpmpouivl and 10c for pure: half-b->rrels,
pure. lOHc; 10-lbtins, 10%c; 5-lb tins, 10?*c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8'^c; three
half-barrels. 8c: one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7>»c per lb.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, UHc per' lb for
heavy, 12®12%c for light medium. 13c for
light. Uhi for extra light and 15@15V4e for
pncpr-cur<»d: Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
12%@l3c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess,
»12 50; Family. $13 50; prime mess Pork. $15®
15 50; extra clear, $22; Mess, $13; Smoked Beef.
13c per pound.
A further slight improvement in Hams is
reported. They are In good demand and Lard
Is also in brisk request, but ! Bacon is quiet.
NUTS— Chestnuts. SfflOc per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9%c: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12-JJ13C
for paper-shell. 9<f?Uc for unftshell; Peanuts, 5<§>
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c;
Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts. *3 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@Hc for bright and 12H**
13c for light amber; water white extracted. 7Hc;
light amber extracted. •. o^STc; dark, 6@6V4c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie; stand
ard, 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thompsons, 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lO^ic per lb; choice,
9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c: unbleached Sul
tanas. 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes, 6%c: 4-crown.
7c;-3-crown. 6^4c; 2-crown, 6c. Pacific brand,
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. 5»4c. and 4-crown, 5fte;
seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 16-ounce, 7c; 12
ounce. 5V4c: choice, 16-ounce, 6%ic; 12-ounce,
6Wc: London Layers, 2-crown, $150 per box: 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters. |2; Dehesa. »2 50:
Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping ro'nts in California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sires. 3c: 30-40s, 7c:
49-5OS. 6%c: 50-60s. 4Hc; 60-708. 3%c- 70-808. SVic;
80-90s. 2%c; 90-lCOs. 2Mc: 100-1208, lV4c; rubles.
He premium; Smomas, He :ind San Joaqulns
Uc less. than Santa Claras, except ICO and over,
which stand the same.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5(97c for Royals and 8'^@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 8^@5c;
eun-drled. I>w2%c; Peaches. 3@3'jc for stand
ard 44?4Hc for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears. 2® 7c: Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpltted, 14?
l^cr Nectarines, 5@5Vic for red and 5^(360 for
white. , .
The Eastern Improvement In Prunes has at
last reached this market and all dealers report
much more activity and rising quotations, with
the troublesome outside stock practically
cleaned up and out of the way. The market
is expected to do better from now on. Latest
mail reports from New York say: "There Is
little or no change In the spot situation In
dried fruits. Prunes still go out quite frefely
and holders generally are firm at quotations.
From the Coast there are some goods offer
ing from outsiders, it Is stated, on the 2%c
basis. This Is He higher than the last quota
tion from there."
The • first Strawberries of the season arrived
from Menlo Park and sold, at 90c@$l per bas
ket. There were three drawers.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 50@75c per box for eommon and $1
<g\ 75 for good to choice and $2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l 75;
Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines. 50c@$l 25; Japan
ese Mandarins, $l{?150; Lemons. $1@1 50 for
common and $1 75«?2 25 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican Limes, S8<g8 50:
California Limes, nominal: Bananas, 75c@$2 25
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
In the open market Oranges are weak, ow
ing to the heavy offerings at auction. There
Is nothing new in Lemons and Limes.
Considering the excessive offerings at auction
the Orange market Is keeping up very well.
Yesterday 14 cars, mostly in good condition,
were sold as follows: Fancy Navels, Jljjl 55;
choice do, 60c@Sl 23; standard do, 60@3Oc;
Lemons, 60c@$l.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy. : standard.
' ; Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
onds, ..
I Receipts as reported by the Daity Exchange
were: .51,200 pounds of Butter, 2298 cases Eggs,
12,470 pounds California Cheese and ¦ 9 pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER- ;
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts,. 15c: seconds,
14c. ! is ¦ V.
. Dairy — Extras. 15c; firsts. 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie. . - »
Storage— Creamery- extras, ; firsts. ;
seconds, — ; dairy extras, — .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, .per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full , cream. 9c; ! choice,
8c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9Hc;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
. California Ranch — Selected White, 13%c;
mixed colors, 12%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, .
Fresh . Eastern— Fancy, — ¦; standard, ;
seconds, . ' • •- » '
; The north is taking a good deal of Butter,
both fresh and packed, but the demand is ex
clusively for the best creameries. Dairy de
scriptions are neglected and ' rather weak than
otherwise. Stocks of Eggs are meager and
the demand is brisk, some dealers having to
go out on the street and buy to accommodate
their regular trade. 5 Large lines are being
placed in cold storage, and this is the causa
of the reduction In stocks.
Prices . for all three descriptions still stand
without change Eggs, and Butter being quoted
steady and Cheese firm on the Exchange.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1@
125; Brant, $1 50@l 75 for small and %2 for
large; Honkers, $3@4 50; English Snipe. $3 50;
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare. Jl@l 25; Rabbits. $1 25
<a 1 50 for Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, .ll@12c for Gob
blers and I 13(fS14c for - Hens ; Geese", per pair.
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks, $4 50®6 for
old and $7 50@8 50 for young; Hens, $5ig6 50;
young Roosters. $7® 8 50; old Roosters, $5@5 50:
Fryers, $64?6 50; Broilers, $5@6 for large and
$3 50@4 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75® 2 25 per
dozen for old and $3 50@3 for Squabs.
There is nothing going on in Game.
It is seldom of late years that Poultry Is as
high as at present. Light receipts 'are j the
cause of the fine prices.' The demand Is very
good and all arrivals are immediately sold. A
car arrived from the East.
Poultry and Game.
for Chile and 10©12%c for Bell; Dried Peppers.
12@18c; Dry Okra, 25c .per. lb; Carrots. . 25©35c
per sack ; Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@$l 50 per
dozen; Summer Squash. -$1 25 per box; Garlic.
2'4@3c per lb;. Marrowfat Squash, $2Q@30 per
ton; Mushrooms,. 8@15c per lb. -
LIVERPOOL, March 20.— WHEAT— Spot,
firm; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 3d; No. 1 California. 6s
3>4d. Futures, quiet. May. 6s Id: July, 6s Sid;
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed. 3s lid:
do old, 4s Vid. Futures, quiet: May, 3s 10V4d;
July, 3s lOd; September, 3s 10%d.
LONDON. March 20.— Consols, 95 15-16. Sil
ver. 28 l-16d. French rentes. lOlf 32%c. Cargoes
on passage, rather easier; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 30s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 9d;
English country markets, firm, advanced 6d.
LIVERPOOL. March 20.— WHEAT— Firm;
No. 1 Standard California, 6s 3%d©6s 4d; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, weak; weather in England,
rain."
COTTON— Uplands. 4 25-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
¦ LONDON, March 20.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales numbered 10,091 bales. The
attendance was large and competition con
tinued brisk. Coarse cross-breds were . In
strong demand but sold 6 per cent below the
last sales. The withdrawals were large,
amounting to 5800 bales. Including 1400 'bales
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. The sales have
been curtailed again and are now scheduled to
close on March 27.
London Wool Sales.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, . March 20. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, ES@56Hc;. bluestem, 59<?60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March' 20.— Wheat up a half cent.
Bluestem, 59c ; club, 56%c.'
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or. March 2O.-Clearlngs, $324,
786; balances, $35,416. :
Portland's . Business.
'¦NEW YORK, "March 20.— The cotton market
opened easy at a decline of 1 to 4 points. The
market, gradually, declined until a loss of 5@2G
points was scored. The . close was quiet and
steady at about the lowest point of the day,
the net decline being -4@12 points. ,
New York Cotton Market,
NEW TORK, March 20.— Tin In the London
market suffered ; another ' ; break this :, morning.
The local market was' firm, closing at |25 40,
while In London the final phases of the market
were weak at a loss of 10s to £114. Spelter.
weak, at $3 87%®* 92%. • Lead, ¦ unchanged, at
$4 37%. Copper nominally • unchanged, $17 for
Lake and $16 62% for casting. Domestic iron
markets unchanged. !
New York Metal Market.
¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep and yearlings
strong - to a ( shade | higher; I lambs active, 10c
higher; good to choice wethers, $4 80@5; fair
to choice mixed, 14 50@4 SO; Western sheep,
$4 S0@5; yearlings, U 75@5 10: native- lambs,
$4 65@5 40; Western lambs, $5 10@5 40. ¦:•». ¦>
¦ HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; to-morrow,
20.000;- estimated left over, 2000: active. 10c
higher; top. $«; mixed and butchers. 15 75®
5 97H : • good- to choice heavy, ' $5 90<g>6; rough
heavy, $5 75@5 85; , light, $5 75@5 85; bulk of
sales. $5 87Vi@5 95. •" .
16,200, Including 300 Texans; generally 10c high
er; good to prime steers. $4 85@6; poor to me
dium. $3 70S'4 SO; stockers and feeders, ' $2 S3®
4 65; cows, 52 8O@4 40; heifers, $2 75@4 65: can
ners. J2@2 65; bulls, $2 tio@4 30; calves, $4 50@
6; Texas fed steers, *4@5; grassers, $3 40@4;
bulls. $2 5003 75.-
WEDNESDAY. March 20-4 p. ra.
/ Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Alpha M 04 T Justice 03 04
Alta 01 03 Kentuck — C3
Andes C4 05 Lady Wash.... 01 03
Belcher OS 10 Mexican SO 31
Beet & Belcher 18 17 Occidental 04 03
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr (3 «?
Caledonia 74 75 OTerman 13 14
Challenge Con. 14 -1« Potosl 15 M
Chollar 15 16 Savage OS 19
Confidence .... 71 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 Sea; Belcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada, 29 31
Con New York 01 03 Sliver Hill .... 10 41
Crown Point .. C9 10 St. Lout* CJ —
Eureka Con.... 08 —Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — 0T
Gould & Curry 12 13 Union Con ..... 17 IS
HsJe & Norcrs 12 14 Utah 04 09
Julia (1 02 Yellow Jacket. II 17
CLOSING QUOTAXIOJra.
Afternoon Session.
ECO Alpha, Con M SCO Mexican ....... SO
500 Best & Belcher 18 600 Ophlr *>
400 Caledonia. 73 200 Ophlr S3
500 Con Cal &Val67H 200 Ophlr «3
200 Con Cal &Va..l70 700 Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Gould & Curry 14 300 Union Con .... 17
SOO Justice 04
500 Belcher 031 200 Con Cal 4V»..iw
560 Best Sc. Belcher 151 300 Gould A Curry 14
ICO Caledonia 701 400 Mexican M
300 Challenge Con. 15K30O Ophir W
200 Con Cal &Val 87%| 500 Ophlr a
The following were the sales In th» Pacifla
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session
300 Best & Belcher IS, 600 Ophlr n
300 Con Cal &Va..l 85 BOO Overman is
800 Oould & Curry 12 200 Sierra Nevada. »
100 H & Norcross. 13 200 Union Con .... 17
SCO Mexican 30,
Afternoon Session,
Following were the sales in the San Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
100 Con Cal &Va..l 60 4C0 Occidental .... C5
100 Crown Point... V9 800 Ophtr «O
300 Gould A Carry 13 100 Savage ... OS
100 H & Xoreron. 13 100 Seg Belcher ... 03
100 Mexican ....... 23
Morning Session.
MINIXO STOCKS.
Mornlns Session.
Beard—
.... Hanford s » PO
50 Home Oil ? «O
WOO Lion, b 90 *>
1000 Reed Crude *?
300 Reed Crude '-***<*
Afternoon Ee&slon.
Board —
200 Four Oil Co 57
100 Four Oil Co. b 30 : 47
1 Hanford 100 W
100 Junction <3
700 Junction «4
15C0 Lion 19
1000 Petroleum Center, b 80 13
3300 Petroleum Center 13
2000 Reed Crude _.... $8
100 San Joaquin O A D Co 11 87H
100 Sterling J 40
3C00 Bear Flag 15
50 California Standard i M
10<X> California Standard 43
1 Hanford i MOO
1 Hanford » •*)
lfOi) Hanford. Fresno. Kern River '.. M
50 Hom«> Oil 4 00
100 Junction «3
2W Junction «2
50 Kern 8 51
500 Lion 19
3C0 Monarch of Arizona 55
400 Monarch of Arizona 56
100 Monarch of Arizona .57
200 Monarch of Arizona 59
200 Monte Crlsto 2 43
SO Occidental of W Va 56
ECO Oil City Petroleum »
40 Peerless 8 50
1500 Petroleum Center 13
7000 Petroleum Center 14
600 Petroleum Center '. 13
1S<H) Reed Crude «>
130 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 12'i
2CO San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 no
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, s 90 11 7j
225 Sterling 2 V>
500 Twenty- Eight lC'i
lfO Twenty-Eight 1C
200 Wolverine 130
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
135 Surlin* J 40
50 Sterling 2 &
100 Twenty-eight • » '•-¦¦'
200 Twenty-eight * *?
100 Twenty-eight ""
100 Twenty-eight • lw
'•¦•-• Street—
10O Sterling * 5°
WEDXEDAY,
Flour, qr sks.... 8.230 (Pelts, bdls 3.SS!)
Wheat, ctls, .... 2.720 Hides, No 642
Barley, ctls 5.375 1 Leather, rolls ... 175
Beans, ctls ..... 56jWine. gals f2,600
Corn, ctls 23 Brandy, gals .... 1.000
Rye. ctls 330 Tallow, ctls 12
Potatoes, sks- 2.504 Sugar, ctls -. 2.430
Onions, sks 110 Lime, bbls S17
Bran, ctls 2,703 Stiver, flsks ..... IS
Middlings, sks.. 6W Chicory, bfls 33
Wool, bales fOt Hay. tons 381
Shorts, bales 335 1 Straw, tons 33
MARCH 20.
Receipts of Produce.
Narrow Gauge. 7c: Silver Kins;, 7%c; blocks.
Oriental, ,6c; do, Seabright, 7c: tablets. 7%c;
middles. Golden State, 7c; do. White SeaJ.
8%c; f 5-lb boxes fancy, , Boneless, 9c; 2-lb do,
7c; Desiccated, per dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod,
barrels, each, 17 73; do, half -barrels, $4 75.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, /THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1901
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
—May-
8
WBDN"
[arch
p. m.
STOCK.
r
Bid.
Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co
Blue Goose ..\
Buckhorn :
California-Standard
Caribou •
El Dorado
Four Oil Co-
Hanford -. -
HanfoH- Fresno-Kern River ..
Home Oil
Home-stake
Independence
Kern Oil Co ..-
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
Los Angeles O & T Co
Monarch of Arizona
Aetna '• -*
Junction
McKittrlck
Peerles* * '
Sacramento
Senator
Thirty-Three Oil ......;
Wolverine
Monte Crtsto
Occidental of W Va
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude ;.
Hex „..
Ban Francisco & McKlttrlck ..
SanfJoaquln O & D Co
Sunset Original
Twtr.ty- Eight
We3tshore
Bear Flr.gr
Queen Esther ".
Continental
EI Oro :
Mt. Diablo
Red Bank
Supei lor
Toltec
— 22
— 2 50
2 00 2 T5
49 SO
60 —
1 60 1 75
— 57
98 00 99 00
17 18
3 20 400
— » CO
— 13
8 37V* 8 62',
- — 16 50
19 20
4 00 —
57 S3
17 20
— 63
35 40
8 25 8 50
1 40 1 50
1 50 2 CO
— 13 00
1 25 1 40
2 30 2 35
66 60
29 30
14 15
62 65
— 1 40
12 00 12 25
1 60 —
— 19
— 4 00
15 —
15 20
— 1 00
S3 30
— 35
15 23
25 2%
— . 90
Last j This
14 Hour* i Season,
I Last
I Season
v-c
¦-:>
40.14
22.17
19.01
IS. 79
43. CS
19.07
13. 4S
17 .02
xi - v.
¦7 7,5
10.28
5.80
27.62
14.10
8.5S
7.09
2.43
14. M
6.56
I 3.15
WBDN"
[arch
p. m.
STOCK.
r
Bid.
Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co
Blue Goose ..\
Buckhorn :
California-Standard
Caribou •
El Dorado
Four Oil Co-
Hanford -. -
HanfoH- Fresno-Kern River ..
Home Oil
Home-stake
Independence
Kern Oil Co ..-
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
Los Angeles O & T Co
Monarch of Arizona
Aetna '• -*
Junction
McKittrlck
Peerles* * '
Sacramento
Senator
Thirty-Three Oil ......;
Wolverine
Monte Crtsto
Occidental of W Va
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude ;.
Hex „..
Ban Francisco & McKlttrlck ..
SanfJoaquln O & D Co
Sunset Original
Twtr.ty- Eight
We3tshore
Bear Flr.gr
Queen Esther ".
Continental
EI Oro :
Mt. Diablo
Red Bank
Supei lor
Toltec
— 22
— 2 50
2 00 2 T5
49 SO
60 —
1 60 1 75
— 57
98 00 99 00
17 18
3 20 400
— » CO
— 13
8 37V* 8 62',
- — 16 50
19 20
4 00 —
57 S3
17 20
— 63
35 40
8 25 8 50
1 40 1 50
1 50 2 CO
— 13 00
1 25 1 40
2 30 2 35
66 60
29 30
14 15
62 65
— 1 40
12 00 12 25
1 60 —
— 19
— 4 00
15 —
15 20
— 1 00
S3 30
— 35
15 23
25 2%
— . 90
Last j This
14 Hour* i Season,
I Last
I Season
v-c
¦-:>
40.14
22.17
19.01
IS. 79
43. CS
19.07
13. 4S
17 .02
xi - v.
¦7 7,5
10.28
5.80
27.62
14.10
8.5S
7.09
2.43
14. M
6.56
I 3.15
INVESTMENTS—LOANS.
• Gilt edge bonds, bearing 5 per cent Interest,;
for sale. .
Also dividend paying stocks in Industrial cor-
porations.
West Coast Investment Co ,
Room 118 Phclan Building,
I SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.THOMAS H. ANDREWS, MECHANICAL HEAD OF THE GRAND OPERA
HOUSE, WHO IS TO BE GIVEN A BENEFIT AT THE BIG MISSION
STREET PLAYHOUSE.
Francis Jules Got.
PARIS. March 21.— Francis Jules Got,
the celebrated actor, is dead, aged' 79
years. . • . •", -
PARIS, March 20.— Nicolas Francois
Chifflart. the painter and engraver, is
dead. He was born in 1825.
Nicolas F. Chifflart.
PARIS, March 21.— Vice Admiral Dom
pJerro d'Hornoy, who was a member "of
the first Cabinet of President MacMahon,
died yesterday, aged S3 years.
Vice Admiral d'Hornoy.
SANTA ROSA, March 20.— Mrs. Melissa
B. Button, a well-known pioneer woman
of Sonoma County, died at her home near
Bellevue this afternoon. She waa.a na
tive, of Vermont. - .';; '.;¦ '.-•¦ .
Mrs. Melissa. B., Button.
CHICAGO, March M.— The Rev. Dr. Ed
wards, editor of the Northwestern Chris
tian Advocate and widely known in Meth
odist Episcopal church circles, died to
night at his residence In thla city, aged
6G years.
Dr. Edwards was born In Norwalk, Ohio,
was graduated from the Wesleyan Uni
versity of the State and soon afterward
entered the Detroit conference of the
Methodist Episcopal church. At the out
break of the Civil War he went to the
front as a chaplain, -but resigned after
the battle of Gettysburg to become as
sistant editor of the Northwestern Chris
tian Advocate, in which position he con
tinued until 1872, when he became editor
in; chief. £>r. Edwards was a delegate to
the. Ecumenical Conference in London ir.
1881. The cause of ¦ Dr. Edwards' ; death
was heart trouble, from which- he had
been ill for several, years. -^ r-» -
DEATH ENDS LABORS
OP METHODIST EDITOB
NEW YORK, March 20.— John Pondler,
for. twenty-five years one of Wall street'3
most picturesque figures and one of the
most influential and prominent operators
in- the "street," is dead at bis residence
in this city. He had been in feeble health
for several years.
As broker for T. W. Park and engaged
with Jay Gould in the affairs of the Union
Pacific Railroad he made his presence felt
in the "street" when he became a mem
ber of the Stock Exchange on' his arrival
here from California. Mr. Pondier was
one of the "49ers" and was also Instru
mental In launching the" Sutro tunnel
scheme. At the time of the death of
Adolph Sutro a suit. for $1,000,000 against
him Drought by John Pondier was- pend
ing in the courts. Mr. Pondier met with
heavy losses just prior to his withdrawal
from Wall street and his financial con
dition has been strained of late years.
PICTURESQUE ¦ BROKER
SUMMONED BY DEATH
It will take him several days to finish
the investigation, and meanwhile the
Chinese will be kept on board the steam
ship Carlisle City, now loading 1 railroad
iron at the -wharf. -
The Belgian King is ready to leave for
San Francisco, and lt^is not Improbable
that when she returns to take cargo here
she will find some of the Chinese wait
ing to be returned to China on her.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SAN DIEGO, March 20.-Immlgration
Inspector Dunn of San Francisco spent a
busy afternoon on board - the steamship
Belgian King, examining: the Chinese pas
sensers who are anxious to land, but
whose status he will thoroughly Investi
gate ' before permitting them to set foot
on American soil. It is the impression of
the Immigration Bureau that the examin
ations have been made so closely in San
Francisco, and so many Chinese have
been sent back, that' they have selected
the smaller ports of San Dlegro, Portland,
and Seattle as prospective landing places.
Each of the Chinese on the Belgian
King is provided with the necessary
papers and certificates, but it is evidently
the intention of the Immigration Depart
ment to discredit the certificates of the
American Consuls In China from the very
start and by cross-questioning the would
be immigrants prove that the Consuls'
certificates are frauds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Immigration Department Is of tha
Belief That Certificates Held
by the Chinese Are
j Fraudulent. a
Inspector Dunn .Questioning
the Belgian King's
Passengers.
MAY TURN BACK
MONGOL COOLIES
ritorial Council has been in secret session
this evening investigating what appears
to be a scandal in the Legislature. Thu
figures In the " Insurance bill were sur
reptitiously increased 1 from $13,000 to $30,000
after its final passage and en route to
the engrossing clerk. The -name of a
prominent Councilman la connected .with
the crime, which is made a felony under
the laws of Arizona.
I/EGISLATTVE SCANDAX.
PHOENIX. A. T.. March 20.— The Ter-
Hanna. Representative Grosvenor and
Representative Dick had a long- confer
ence with the President regarding Ohio
politics to-day. It is said the President
advised that the whole Republican Stata
ticket be renomlnated. It was also de
cided that the Ohio delegation in Con
gress will go to San Francisco to be
present at the launching of the battleship
Ohio. They and Governor Nash will fol
low the President on a special train to the
Pacific Coast.
Delegation in Congress to Accompany
President McXinley "When E$e>
Comes to tho Coast.
WASHINGTON. March 2a— Senator
STATESMEN OF OHIO
TO VISIT CALIFORNIA
WASHINGTON STATE
* .v BARS SLOT MACHINE3
Governor Rogers Signs the Bill to
Abolish, the Nickel Gambling
Devices.
SEATTLE, March 20,— The nickel-in-the
slot bill passed by the Legislature has
been signed by Governor Rogers and will
become a law on June 1. One feature of;
it, which Is ra»t defended by many of its
most ardent friends. Is that Informers re
ceive half of the fines Imposed. Generally
speaking, the law Is very stringent. The
owner, agent, lessee or any one who
"plays" a machine may be arrested and
fined from $10 to $100. In default of pay
ment, a term -in the county Jail Is pre
scribed. The possession of a machine is
made prlma facie evidence of guilt.
SAN DIEGO, March 20.— An Important
ruling relating to juries in civil casea was
rendered by Judge Torrance of the Su
perior Court to-day. Ke held that tho
present practice, which is being followed
in this as well as in other counties of the
State, Is. not In accordance with the law
and that the statutes of 1371 and 1872,*
which provide that the county must pay
part of the expenses, are still in force.
The matter came up In the case of
Grace M. Neely vs. Minnie G. Stockton,
in which the question was presented to
Judge Torrance on Monday and was de
cided by him to-day. The defendant de
manded a jury trial, but the plaintiff
would not consent, because she 'was not
able financially to pay her share of tho
expense, it having Deen the rala of the
court for many years that In a civil Jury
case each side must advance half of tho
expenses as the trial progresses. This
custom has ben followed In all the Su
perior Courts of the State outside of San
Francisco for the past ten years.
This system was attacked by Attorney
Andrews, and Judge Torrance. by his de
cision to-day, practically declares It to
bo illegal. After citing a number of Su
preme Court decisions, he holds that tha
statutes of 1871 and 1372 are still In force.
These statutes provide that the party
in whose favor the verdict la rendered la
a civil case must pay the expenses of tha
twelve men who compose the Jury, whlla
the county must pay the expenses o2
those who are subpenaed but not accept
ed as Jurors.
In case the Jury is not able to agreo
upon a verdict the party to the suit de
manding the jury trial must pay the ex-.
penses of the Jurors. When a verdlet la*
rendered the Judgment ia not docketed
until the money has been paid for the
jury, but the amount so paid is taxed in
the costs of the suit In the Judgment.
Judge Torrance said he had some hesi
tation in coming to this conclusion, as
he knew the practice to be different
throughout the State. Judge Torrance
accordingly vacated the order setting the
case for trial on April 1, because he did
not feel justified in ordering a Jury for
this case alone If the county had to stand
part of the expense. He probably will
wait until there are three or four Jury
cases before he will set It for trial and
summon a jury.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Judge Torrance Holds the
Statutes of 1871-72 Are
in Force.
Decision That Revolutionizes Meth
ods of Procedure Followed
'¦','/. fi . . * or Years Civil : .^:j^J
LAW REGARDING
PAY OF JURORS
/With over 75,000,000 of population In thli
country, 1 Calf ornla to-day, stands isolated
with only.- 1,500,000 of ; population, • but ' pro
ducing In many, lines sufficient for 100,000,'
000 of ; consumers. . .
SEATTLE,. March 20.— W. , R.; Ross, a
rancher, living , near Kent, about fifteen
miles south of this city,. was shot : and in
stantly killed by Alexander: Simpson, an- (
other rancher, early this t morning. :¦ .:¦ A.'
Winchester repeating i shotgun- was.; used,
the charge being fired; from a distance of
about thirty feet, tearing away part v of
Ross' left shoulder -and several snot- en
tering the heart. . ,".•¦.¦•
The shooting was witnessed only by
Simpson's 14-year-old -son: .It 'was the
outcome ¦ of a long-standing quarrel - be
tween the two men about "a fence;, which
Ross ¦ had placed . across a portion ~ of •' an
unused county road. flflHWTQjfff
WASHINGTON- RANCHER ' .V
KILLS HIS NEIGHBOR
' WOODLAND, ; March ' -\ 20.^-Evlderice Is
accumulating tthat : Theodore \ Fuchs, Vwho
died. in convulsions laat'Sunday afternoon
from r'-the == effects ¦ ..of alcoholism,;- was
drugged: 1 -. and .".robbtd: /No-»dew to the
guilty '¦ parties has'yct been obtained.
Drugged • and Robbed.
JAMESTOWN, /March SJO.^-James' Ward,
aged 25 years, a native" bfv California,
while at ! work as " timbermah in' a stope
on the* 300 level- of' the App- mine,' was
struck by a slab.frqm a hanging wall. this
evening and instantlyi killed. His parents
reside in Sutter County. : .
Killed in a* Mine.
Miss Orley P. Wakelee and S.-O. -B.
White, a commission man, were married
yesterday at noon at the home, of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Wake-
Jee. 1S23 Washington street. It was an
extremely quiet wedding owing to- the
recent death of the bride's grandmother.
The home was prettily decorated in tones
of .white and green. Rev. Edgar Lion per
formed the ceremony, which was wit
nessed only by the Immediate family of
the contracting parries. ¦ • ¦ - -¦ :
The bride was attended by Miss Agnes
Sargent, who officiated as bridesmaid, ¦. W.
K. White, brother of. the groom, was best
man. t&BfaBHSBm&Kl
Mr. and Mrs. White have gone south for
a bridal trip and on their return will
make their home in this * city.
Quiet Midday Ceremony Unites Miss
Orley P. Wakelee and S. O_ B.
# White.
AStE MARBIED WHILE
THE NOON BEI/1^3 RING
In the Divorce Court.
Ellen E. Logan 'was grantedia divorce
from James T. ; Logan yesterday on the
ground : of \ Intemperance.' SuHs for dl
vorco have been filed by' Pauline Bruck
against Henry Bruck for desertion, Eliza
beth Dudley against Albert E. Dudley for
cruelty, Daisy Regan against J. E. Regan
for failure to provide, and Sophie Werner
against Louis ¦ Welner for cruelty.
Thomas Quinn. who resided at 315 Fol
«om street, died last night at St. Mary's
Hospital from Injuries received in falling
from a table at his residence Tuesdav
night. He was engaged in hanging pic
tures, and In order to reach the hooks
was compelled to climb on a table. He
Btood too close to the edge and the table
turned over, precipitating him to the floor.
He was sent immediately to the hospital,
where It was found that he had several
ribs broken and was suffering from inter
nal injuries.
It is thought that the end of one of the
ribs must have been driven through a
vital orean. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
Thomas Quinn Dies at St. Mary's
Hospital From Injuries Re
ceived Tuesday Night.
TAIXS FBOM A TABLE
AND IS FATALLY HURT
ington. ' . :.; : .' ¦¦ : . ¦ .- ': -.
"AUNT JERUSHA""AT GOLDEN GATE M
E.' CHURCH.— "Aunt' Jerusha- Dow" will b«
"at home" to ¦-' her many * friends to-morrow
evening at •> the •• Golden Gate ; M. E. Churcl
from 8 to 10 o'clock: By request she will dls
play her highly treasured and far-famed "fam
ily album. ; As only ¦ a '> few of 'her lntlmat<
fri»nds have had tro pleasure of viewing thesi
unique and characteristic . photographs, doubt
leas many will be glad to avail themselves o
this rare privilege. Ab . no cards have be«
if sued,"- '.'Aunt Jerusha" desires that each, am
all shall • consider this a personal Invitation ; t(
be present. ,"- : "- ''>-^S5i8W8H6SSJSSK3£
DIED OF HER BURNS-Hasal Lambert, a
5-year-old girl,' whose parents reside at 1491
Valencia street, died in the City and County
Hospital' yesterday from burns received by her
dress catching fire from the kitchen stove last
Monday." -'
CHEONG YIT HELD— Cheongr Tit. the Chi
naman who was found in . the detention ehed
posing as Cheong Tit, an escaped immigrant,
wai held by. United States Commissioner Hea
cock for trial yesterday on the charge of aid
ins and- abetting in the . illegal landing of a
Chinese person.
FIRE ON ARLINGTON STREET.— The ex
plosion of a coal oil lamp at the residence ol
Julius ' Barrett • at 46 Arlington street at S
o'clock , last : nlcht resulted in the total de
ntructlon of a four-room cottage. Damage to
the extent of $800 was the result. The prop
erty was insured ; for $200.
TOWNSEND CASE SUBMITTED— The ap
plication , of Ella F. Murray for * distribution
to her of the estate of her late mother.- Almlra
8. Townscnd, . was . argued and submitted be
fore ; Judge Troutt • yesterday. - Attorney | Has
sett, representing Public Administrator Boland,
and Mrs. Murray avoided further friction ¦ or
reference to Mrs. Murray's allegation that the
Public Administrator and . hla attorney had
demanded • $5000 / from' her. In exchange foi
their, promise to o.ult ¦ their pursuit' of a por
tlon of her inheritance. . ..; . .;_->
NEW CONSULS" ' GENERAL • a RECOQ
NIZED—The Secretary of the Treasury : hat
notified Port Collector Stratum? of the recog
nition of Carlo Fllippo Serra as Consul Gen
eral of Italy at the port of San Francisco f oi
California,. Nevada, - Oregon, Washington,
Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming
and : New Mexico. v Similar notification ' was
given of the recognition of Augusta Henri Dal
femagne as Consul . General for France at tht
port I of San < Francisco, for California, Alaska,
Arizona, 1 Utah, .Nevada, -¦ Oregon and Wash-
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Officers for the Current
Term.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Honor closed its biennial session yester;
day afternoon with the installation by
Past Grand Dictator Barnes of the offi
cers elected for "the current . term. The
election.-which-occupiedthe greater part
of the session, resulted in the choice of
the following named:
Prescott Xj. Archibald, grand dictator (re
elected); CharleB H. Holcomb, grand vlco dic
tator (re-elected) ; W. S. Lane, grand assist
ant I dictator: . Thomaa Johnstone. grand repor
ter (unanimously re-elected); "W. F. Zehfus,
grand treasurer; O. A. Warmake, , grand chap
lain (re-elected) ; ; Joseph Bchleuter Jr., grand
guide ; H. L. Farrier, grand guardian ; ' D. B.
Mastlck, grand sentinel; Charles Lampe,
Thomaa Leonard and C. G. Noble, grand trus
tees; Ben I. Salomon and Maxwell L. - Crowe,
supreme representatives; C. : W. Decker and
Dr. C. , W. Decker and J. Cleary, alternates.
Salomon was elected by the highest vote
ever cast for supreme representative by a
Grand Lodge. A: G.Volght was con
tinued as past grand dictator.
The salary of the grand dictator was al
lowed to remain at the same figures as
during the past. term, $100 a* month. The
grand dictator was .allowed a contingent
fund of $400 and the grand vice dictator a
contingent fund: of $200. < ,
. • A per capita tax sufficient to meet the
expense of -the organization for the next
two years -was voted and after a number
of congratulatory speeches there was an
adjournment for two years. .
DICTATOR IN OFFICE
FOB TWO YEABS MOBE
Knights. of Honor Elect and Install
Francis Young, a Reno. New, telegraph
operator, was married In Reno, March 13,
to G. Margaret Drummond. the divorced
wife of C. J. Anderton of Klondike fame.
The ceremony was performed by Justice
of the Peace LJnn. The couple went to
Sacramento after being united, visited
there for a few days and then came to
this city, where they will reside in the
future.
G. MAEOABET DBTTJOffOin)
WEDS EENO OPERATOR
Divorced Wife of C. J. Anderson,
Klondike King, Becomes Bride
cf Francis Young.
OAKLAND. .March 20.— The following
marriage licenses were issued at the Coun
ty Clerk's office to-day: Thomas Q. Wat
son," Louisville, Ky., aged 29. and Minerva
B. Welsh, San Francisco, aged 23; Thomaa
H. Williams Jr., Oakland, aged 41, and
Beatrice Steele, Oakland, aged 22; Jack
Stover, Oakland, aged 38, and Lulu Ho
meier, Oakland, aged 22; Alvlra E. Tarr,
Oakland, aged 29. . and Edna N. Clark,
Oakland, aged 22: Ed Morton, Oakland,
aged 43, and Mrs. Hedda Washington,
Oakland, aged 30; Nick Thill, San Fran
cisco, aged 34, and Augusta Guldeman,
San Francisco, aged 34: William R. Mc-
Haffle, Oakland, aged 21, and Hester E.
W. Bacon. Oakland, aged 18; Walter J.
Trabbold, San Francisco, aged 33, and
Dorothy HV Plate, San Francisco, aged 24,
Licensed to Wed.
The "Rats" had a most enjoyable time
for several hours and rumors were rife
concerning the antics of those initiated
Into the mysteries of the club. Many
fines were leyled on those who rubbed the
fur the wrong way, which -were paid in
the spirit set forth in the mottoes of the
order, "We wish no one harm," and "We
try to do everybody good." The latter
phrase eeems enigmatical, but to the
'Rats" Its meaning is clear. .
The "White Rats" is an drganization
composed of theatrical people. They hold
what fs known as a "scamper" every
Wednesday night wherever it is possible
to call together two or more of the mem
bers.
The youngest "Rat" was Dorothy
Studebaker. Out of respect for the feel-
Ings of that person the name of the eld
est was withheld.
The "scamper" of "White Rats" last
night In a prominent downtown restau
rant marked an epoch in the 'history of
theatrical people in this city. Techow's
cats would not have been able to perform
for a month if they had been turned
lcose among the "white ones" that "scam
pered" to attend the first calL for "Rats"
lrsued In this city. ¦ ¦
"WHITE BATS SCAMPEB"
IS HELD AT BOTISSEBIE
Self-Styled Theatrical "Bodents" En
joy First Gathering in San
Francisco.
The preliminary examination of "Sir"
Harry Westwood Cooper, alias Dr. Ern
est Moore Chadwick. ex-convict," on
a charge of having forged the seal of
"the High Court of Chancery". Probate,
London. England," was concluded yester
day afternoon before Police Judge Fritz.
The only witnesses examined were Mrs.
Marie Schneider and Miss Mamie Schnei
der, mother and sister of Norine Schnei
der, who married Cooper shortly after his
release from San Quentin.
The testimony given by them was in
FubBtance the «ame as given at Cooper's
oxami nation on a charge of having forged
the name of Mrs. Schneider to a telegram.
Cooper is now held in $5000 bonds awaiting
trial on the latter charge.
Cooper offered no testimony In defense
yesterday, and through his attorney,
Frank J. Murphy, asked for the dismissal
of the charge on the ground that there
was nothing to prove that "the High
Court of Chancery" was a court of record.
When the prosecution closed its case
Attorney Murphy asked for an immediate
decision. Judge Fritz declined to decide
the matter off-hand, and said that he
would look over the law and render a de
cision Friday.
Uot Beady to Pass on Second Forgery
Charge Pending Against "Sir"
Harry Cooper.
POLICE JUDGE FBITZ
WILL LOOK OVEB LAW
The extent ' of the' smuggling disclosed
by the new system in New York has al
most dumfounded the treasury officials,
and steps are being taken to apply the
New York system as far as practicable
to other ports. Investigation resulting
from these disclosures, have revealed the
fact that a large number of transatlantic
passengers, supposedly women of wealth
and fasiuon, were im fact milliners and
dressmakers smuggling goods from Paris
and other European . capitals. It is. as
serted that the disclosures; are likely to
result in the near future in some radical
changes at Boston, . Philadelphia, Balti
more and other large cities whence trans
atlantic liners sail.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— Collector of
Customs Bidwell of New York was In the
city to-day conferring with Assistant Sec
retary of the Treasury Spalding regard
ing the reorganized conditions at the New
York Custom House. He brought figures
to show that the duties collected from
passengers from four steamers arriving
last Thursday, Friday and Saturday were
$22,000 greater than from ' passengers
aboard- steamers of the same lines on cor
responding days last year.
New York's Customs System
Rev«als Clever Efforts
at Crime.
DRESSMAKERS
THE SMUGGLERS
will be carried out in the most elaborate
manner. ¦ . . /
Mr. Andrews has been a stage carpenter
for over thirty years and has been con
nected with the Grand Opera-house for
seventeen years. He has an enviable rec
ord In his business and has always been
very popular with the theatrical people
with whom he has been brought Into con
tact. .
The benefit will consist of a three-act
comedy entitled the "Three Hats," to
gether with a vaudeville entertainment.
The ups and downs of Burlington stock
mean much to Los Angeles, as they are
evidently influenced by the prospective
fate, not only of the Burlington road, but
of the new Bait Lake line known as the
Clark enterprise. The San Pedro, Los An
geles and Bait Lake railroad project de
pends now -solely upon the continuance
of the Burlington road In the hands of the
present owners and Independent of the
union Pacific and Vanderbilt interests. If
the Burlington were to pass into the con
trol of the people that have the Union
Pacific and the Southern Pacific It would
"knock" all projects of a new line to Salt
Lake that could in any way be considered
a competitor.
Construction of the. new road will begin
within thirty days. Several- thousand ties
are now at San Pedro and several car
loads of seventy-flve-pound rails are on
their way from Chicago. The articles of
transfer of the Terminal Railway proper
ties to the new line will be filed . immedi
ately upon the return of J. Ross Clark
and T. E. Gibbons to this city. These em
body the franchises, the terminal proper
ties and rolling stock of the , Terminal
Railway, the consideration to be . paid in
stock of the new company. Right of way
Is being rapidly acquired along the sur
vey of the road, and promise- of an early
completion to Highlands Is given. -.
LOS ANGELES, March 20.— Local spec
ulators are unloading their holdings of
Burlington stock. One sagacious spec
ulator let go of 1000 shares yesterday at
$168. To-day he had reason to be glad. .
Los Angeles Bseply Interested in the
Burlington Deal.
[MPEKJXS SALT LAKE LINE.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, March 20.—
The incorporation papers of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road were filed here with the Secretary
of State to-day. The capital stock of the
company is placed at $25,000,000 and the
corporate existence is fixed at, one hun
dred years. The officers of the company
are: President. Senator W. A.. Clark,
Butte, Mont.; first vice president, R. C.
Kerens, St. Louis. Mo.; second vice presi
dent, J. Ross Clark, Butte, Mont.; third
vice president, T. E. Gibbon, Los Angeles;
secretary. T. F. Miller, Los Angeles;
treasurer, F. K. Rule, Los Angeles. '
In addition to the above officers, with
the exception of treasurer, the following
are directors: G. B. Leighton, St. Louis;
Perry S. Heath, Washington; Senator
Thomas Kearns, Salt Lake; W. S. Mc-
Cornick, Salt Lake; Reed Smoot. Salt
Lake; E. W. Clark, Salt Lake; Charles
W. Clark, Butte.
Of the capital stock of the company
$2,501,600 has been subscribed and fully
paid up. The first meeting of the board
of directors will be held to-morrow morn
ing to adopt by-lawj and appoint a gen
eral manager and chief engineer. Active
construction will be started at once from
the Los Angeles en'l and a party of sur
veyors will be at once sent out from Salt
Lake to locate this end of the line. The
deed transferring the Los Angeles Ter
minal Railway Company to the new cor
poration bears $5000 in revenue stamps
and in addition $2500 in fees was paid to
the Secretary of State for filing the arti
cles of incorporation.- The charter of the
new company was issued this afternoon.
Incorporation of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Lin«.
of April 2 for the benefit
to be tendered Master Mechanic Thomas
H. Andrews, who is director of the stage
carpenters employed by the company.
Leading lights from all the prominent
theaters of the city have volunteered their
services for the occasion and the affair
NEW RAILROAD
WITH MILLIONS
WM. MOROSCO of the Grand
Opera-house Company has
volunteered the use of that
O big playhouse on the night
Many Witnesses Examined-
Whose Statements Fa
vor Jordan.
Expert Furnishes Tacts as to Condi
tion of the Current on the
Morning of the
Tragedy. i
The Investigation by the State Pilot
Commission, which is to determine to
what extent Pilot Frederick W. Jordan is
responsible for the sinking of the Rio de
Jar.eiro, was continued yesterday morn
ing. Numerous witnesses were examined
and all the testimony adduced, both of
expert navigators and of those who were
aboard the vessel when she struck the
fatal ledge, was most favorable to the
pilot.
One of the most Important points elic
ited during the day was that it has been
the inviolable rule of this port that when
a vessel is about to enter all the officers
shall be called on deck. On the morning
of the tragedy this rule was violated on
board the Kio.
The principal witness of the day was
CsptAln Wiiikel of the steamship Se
quoia, which entered port soon after the
Kio went down. He gave -testimony not
brought out by otner investientions,
showing the conditions of the current and
of the weather at the time of his
entrance. .
Tilt captain testified that his vessel
passed Point Bonita at 6:40 o'clock and at
that time he could see the lights at the
point, which in his judgment were about
t-ix miles distant. When he reached Point
Diablo a dense tuie fog hung over the
water and rendered it impossible to see
more than the length of the boat.
On that morning, he testified there
was such a swift current rushing through
the dolden Gate that it was impossible to
hold the vessel to her course even when
going at full speed. His vessel, although
directed toward Lime Point, was carried
within one hundred yards of the Fort
Point buoy by the velocity of the current-
Captain John von Helms, the next wit
ness, furnished expert testimony showing
that whistles cannot be relied upon dur
ing the prevalence of a heavy fog. He
stated that the round is often obstructed
and that sometimes instead of directing
they enly serve to mislead. According to
the captain the bell at Fort Point has
been a source of complaint since its estab
lishment, as it is in a box beneath the
wall, and its position renders the tones
indistinct. In his opinion the bell should
be suspended at the top of the fort and
the whistle at Lime Point should be
transferred thither. The captain testified
that the lead Is seldom used along the
coast except when a vessel Is passing
through shoal water. Even then, he said,
it cannot be relied upon to protect from
dangerous ledges, as the water just off
from the ledge is sometimes thirty feet in
depth.
Captain Maiiiews of the transport ser
vice. Second Officer Coghlan, Chief Engi
neer Herlihy, Quartermasters Lindstrom
and Matthewson and R. H. Long, a pas
senger aboard the Rio, were also exam
ined.
The Inquiry will be continued to-morrow
morning.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Major Harney made his last appoint
ment at the meeting of the Harbor Com
missioners yesterday and also made all
his arrangements for turning his office
over to his successor as soon as he is ap
pointed by the Governor. G. Francoeur
resigned his position as wharfinger at
Channel street and Major Harney ap
pointed Emile Francoeur to fill the va
cancy. He also appointed David Fox as
a collector, vice G. H. White, time ex
pired.
Chief. "Wharfinger" Henderson reported
that a berth at Harrison-street wharf
could not be given the Koemos line, as
the transport service was using the
structure. The commission promised to
provide accommodation for the company
before the next steamship arrives from
Hamburg.
The chief engineer reported that the
proposed extension of Washington and
Mission street wharves 200 feet into the
bay would cost about $S0OO each, without
the cost of preserving the piles.
The fishermen who moved to North
B»rach two months ago asked for a rebate
on their rent, as the quarters were not
ready for them. Their request was grant
ed, with the understanding that full rates
began on March L
Chief Wharfinger Henderson reported'
that there was not room for the South
Knd and Ariel rowing clubs between Long
¦wharf and the refinery. He was In
structed to find accommodations for the
two clubs.
PILOT COMMISSION
HEARS TESTIMONY
BERKELEY, March 20.— The question of
the costumes of envoys was the feature
of John W. Foster's lecture on diplomacy
this afternoon at the university.
"In the early years of the republic,"
said ' Mr. ' Foster; "the envoys wore left
free to wear the dress best suited to them.
The first authotlzed use of costumes was
during the peace negotiations after our
second war with England. In 1817 this
Government issued a circular fixing the
style of an elaborate uniform. - In 1S33
Marcy, then Secretary of State, issued a
circular declaring that the dress of Amer
ican representatives should ; be the sim
ple dress of an American citizen. This cir
cular created a nutter In court circles,
especially, In England, where it was wide
ly ridiculed. ¦ The 'simple ¦ dress of an
American . citizen' has, - however, become
the dress of American diplomats. -'
"The section In the Federal constitution
forbidding tha acceptance by any Amer
ican representative of gifts from a foreign
nation early stopped the practice of mak
ing and receiving costly presents. It has
not, however, done away with the trou
blesome practices of offering decorations
of orders to Americana. In spite of our
boasts of republicanism, there is a wide
spread desire In our country to secure
from a foreign country the badge of some
order, the gewgaw of a monarch. It is
estimated in Europe that one man In
every 300 wears. the ribbon of some order.
The people from California who recently
distinguished Themselves at Paris and
have been investigated by the Legisla
ture are reported to have been decora'ted
by the cross of the Legion of Honor.
Should they show the red ribbons in pub
lic you want to know that there are 500,
000 other persons entitled to the same
privilege of wearing them."
Mr. Foster will continue his lecture to
morrow afternoon.
to Wear Gewgaws Distributed
by Monarchs. • ¦ . ¦
When asked regarding the report that
he had said in an Eastern address a few
days aeo that if the present conditions
continue there would be an emperor 'in
Washington In twenty-five years, Presi
dent Hadley said: .
"That -was a mistake' on the part of! a
reporter. The address was extemporan
eous, but as nearly as I can remember
this is what I said: 'People will expand
their ideas of self-government as our
problems' expand: If they did not we
should have an emperor In Washington In
twenty-five years.' The part about the
emperor. was merely thrown in as a force
ful way of showing that the country must
be governed by public opinion. It is rath
er useless to deny that I did not make the
statement; the more I deny it the more
the people seem to remember It.
"The University of California stands
high in rank in- the East. I have a thigh
regard for the Institution and for the men
who are working here."
¦ m ¦ '¦ . ¦
AMEEICANS SEEK DECORATION
John W. Foster Says They Are Eager
"Mrs. Hadley and I left the East Satur
day and had a. pleasant journey here. We
will remain in this State ten days. I came
primarily to deliver the charter day ad
dress, but will speak to-morrow evening
In San FrSnclsco at the Yale Alumni din
ner and again in Los Angeles on April 2
at an Alumni meeting there. The rest of
the time here will be spent in visiting
places of Interest.
"The 'charter day address will be' upon
'Government by Public Opinion.' It will
dear considerably with trusts and com
bines."
President Hadley is one of the leadlnR
educators of the world. He Is a political
economist and has written much on this
subject. He graduated from. Yale in' 1876,
and after three years' graduate study at
Yale and - Berlin became a tutor- in the
former. In }S83 he took up literary work,
which he continued until 1885, when ho
became professor of political economy at
Yale. In 1889 he was elected president of
that institution, succeeding: the venerable
Timothy Dwight. .. ¦ ¦
.President Hadley In an interview to
night said: •
. BERKELEY, 1 . March 20.— Arthur Twin
ing Hadley, president of Yale University,
arrived to-night from the East, accom
panied by hia - wife. They will be the
g^iests of I*rof essor . and Mrs. Thomas R.
Bacon at their residence on Bushnell place
during their stay here.'
It was on Invitation of President Benja
min Ida Wheeler that President Hadley
came to Berkeley. He -will deliver the
annual charter day address next Satur
day morning In the Harmon gymnasium-
Friday afternoon from 2 to 6 o clock Pres
ident and Mrs. Hadley will be tendered a
reception in Hearst Hall by President and
Mrs. Wheeler. Invitations for the event
have been sent to all friends of the uni
versity and the gathering will be a notable
one. ¦ •
Distinguished r Eastern Educator to
Speak on Government by Public.
Opinion, Pealing With,
Trusts and Combines.
Doctor Hadley to Deliver
Charter Day Address at
University.
YALE'S PRESIDENT
IS AT BERKELEY
A suit bristling: with • sensational
charge* a.n-,1 lmputlngr sharp practice to
Of-orgB N. Williams, t prominent attor
ney of this. city, was filed late yesterday
a-fternoon !n the. office of the County
Clerk. The euit. whicii involves property
valued at about SSO.WO. the principal part
of which is located on bush street, near
Ooujjh. grew out of the contest of the wili
of the late Mrs. Marv Shores.
The deceased, during the lifetime of her
former husband. John S. Dolllver, made
a will leavlnc all her property to Mrs.
Mary IHistln. then residing in New York;
James P. Blake of Harrison, Maine. an«l
James W. Richardson of Washington. D.
C. Subsequent to making this will Mrs.
DoIIlver soured a divorce from her hus
band and married Leander Shores. When
the died about a year ago Shores demand
ed letters of adminisratlon on the ground
that she had died intestate and that her
marriage to htm had nullified the will
which was made during the lifetime of
her former husband. His contentions
were recognized by Judge Troutt and tnc
letters of adminisration were accordingly
issued to him.
The typhews of the decear-ed determined
to institute a contest to recover the prop
erty which had been willod to them by
their aunt. Their claims were considered
by the legal fra-ternity to be based upon
such poor grounds that it was with the
greatest difficulty that r. lawyer was in
ouced to undertake the contest. Many.
after examining the statutes, refused un
der any consideration to have anything to
do with it. The case was linaiiy submit
ted to Williams and h» consented to make
the contest on condition that he be al
lowed one-third of whatever property he
xnieht succeed in recovering. His terms,
although distasteful to one of the content •
ants, Mrs. Mary Dustin. were finally ac
cepted. Suit was instituted with the re
tult that the will was declared valid and
the property was awarded to the nephew- s
and Mrs. Dustin.
When Mrs. Mary Dustin, James P.
Blake and James W. Richardson found
themselves in undisputed possession of
the inheritance they resolved to ignore the
contract which they entered into with At
torney George N. Williams, hence the in
stitution of the present suit to declare the
contract null and void.
Williams was interviewed a"t his homo
in Alameda last night. Ke said:
"Mrs. Shores died in San Francisco,
leaving a surviving husband, but no chil
dren, no brothers nor sisters. She had
been previously married and divorce-}.
Prior to the divorce from her former htw
band ske had made a will In which eho
deeded her property t" the children of her
brother and sisters. It was claimed that
her subsequent marriage to Mr. Shores
operated as a revocation of this wilt.
Shores applied for letters of administra
tion of her estate as in a case of intes
tacy, claiming' to be her sole heir at law. .
"Under these conditions the plaintiffs in
this suit employed me as their attomey
to establish the will executed by her pre
vious to her marrtagre to Shores. Thev
preferred to make my contract contingent
upon success, which was fixed at what
ever might be recovered. I performed my
part of the contract and recovered th«
estate for them. They reDudlated their
part of the contract and I suppose that
'n the suit, the complaint of which I have
not yet read, it is alleged that I have
taken advantage of them. I deny th-s
charge in any form.
"I suppose that they claim that I should
have revealed to them the ETounds upon
which I hoped to succeed. I thought and
ttilJ think that I was not obliged to do
trJat until they liad accepted ' my employ
ment."
Attornty G. N. Williams Is
Sued by His Formar
Clients.
Action Results From Contest of the
"Will of the Late Mrs. Mary
Shores, Involving
$80,000.
SERIOUS CHARGES
AGAINST LAWYER
BENEFIT FOR MASTER
MECHANIC ANDREWS
Morosco's Grand Opera i Company
Plans Entertainment to Reward
Employe for Many Years' Service
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,' THURSDAY, MAEOH 31, 1901;
9
ORAPE-MTTS.
"Day after day I read tha proof on the
Grape-Nuts Food advertisements with the
feeling that they were all 'buncombe.* All
this time I was suffering from dyspepsia
from the improper food I was eating at
the restaurant.- One day I saw a packapre
Cf Grape-Nuts at the restaurant and tried
It with good, rich cream. The dish took
my fancy at once. After'a few lunches at
midnight I noted an improvement in my
iec-lings end was able to work with less
fatigue.
"I ha\-e uaedOrape-Xuts as a regrulardlet
fir.ee then, and have improved greatly.
The old dyppepsla and bad feelings that I
thought T-.ere necessary adjunct* to night
work all disappeared, and I am able to do
much more with less effort than "ever
before.
Pi "J wa» nearly ready to give up nlgrht
f-;rk and eeek health in. some other walk
n life, but. thanks to my change In diet,
I am now all right."
Please do not use toy name In public
Kane can be given by Poetum Cereal Co.,
Ltd.. Battle Creek, lllcfa.
This xr.an is on one of the Rockford, III.,
7>r<pers. and says: "Being a newspaper
writer and proof-reader, a!so a graduate
in medicine as well, though not practicing.
makes a combination that would produce
a skeptic on the subject If anything would.
When a newEpaper writer and proof-
rtEfler that works nights can feed himself
cut of dyspepsia, which mest ail of that
class cutler with, It is worth while to
know the kind of food used.
"BUNCOMBE."
It Don't Pay to Be Skeptical.
ANUTRITIOUS FOOD
I. ]^Tt Js ; a surprise to iee you laon-iad ' Iw-i
1 fe^MrwarftS^^w On observing the inter-
I n y was7ru^^id d ° I S:'ciern e n 8 .«but view • with^ Samuel L.
m I am In sound health, now. I had an Clemens (Mark Twain)
H eight years' persistent dispute with . ¦ \. f . }r> ¦
h dyspepsia, but got rid of n last January m the Hartford (Connec- II
1 Sdta'v^iSS^JKSKpSt" ' ticut) "Courant," the gen- 1
I S^et^^«i^»n£^akJRSl a Ji5SS eral manager of the Amer- If
II eredby.Blebold, the chemist, in Vienna, ._ Piasmon Svndicate I!
\\- when I was there iwo or three years lean riasmon oynaicaie if
| ago. I did not eal, IV tor Indigestion, - Ltd wro te to Mr. Clem- if
IS but for nourishment. >and because it H
i was cheap. In Europe^ the dyspeptics ens as k, n gr whether the i
H: are aware, now; that it cures without b , ra
I! the help of medicine, and bo do the phy- paragraph, in which he M
Ifi slclans but they did not know- it then. t .,,., ff!
B- The T'Lancefand the other medical Jour- spoke in such high terms pi
II nais informed them. I ordered it from " fe|
|- fie dSSISt here? °n Europe, from the of.Plasmon, was Correct 33 U
I b e al Vv*' -i« th» " published. - fl
N Mark Twain's Reply to the American P/asmon Syndicate: W
If v For Sale at Leading 'Druggists and Grocers
I AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
H Information cheer fully /given, at offices of Syndicate
M 204 Crocker* Building. San FranciscoTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1901.
10
SAJT FRA3TCISCO CALX-.
DUEIXEES OFFICE o-* The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market nnd Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
CCO Hayes Ftreet: open until 9:80 p. m.
<:* McAllister etreet; open until 9:$0 p. m.
fli Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S4J Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
__6i Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
ur.til (p.m. '"?¦ "'.
JC6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m. ¦
1C3« Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest cerner Twenty-second and Ken-
tueky ftrcetc: until » p. rn.
MKIiriVO XOTICES. "
X REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena ,£_,
Lodpo of Perfection No. 1, A. and A., jT
Pcottifh Kite of Freemasonry, will be f\
held in Commanilery Hall. Masonic JO\-
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. 5***.
March ZL 19CL at 8 oVIock. Degrees 6. 7 and |
g. HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7*. R. A. M.— ft
PTat".1 meeting THIS (THfRSDAT) «»
FVKNING 7:30 o'clock. Business, M. jH&j"T.
M degree. By order of the H. P. r i
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. ¦
•».! will meet THIS (THL'RSDAT) _#*-
EVENING. March 8. at 7:30 o'clock. T^3T
Third cecree. By order of ths Master. • ~
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FinFLITY Lodee No. 12". F. and A. M. m
. —Frwfial meeting THIS (THl'KSDAY) *i
1 VENING. r.: 7:50 o'clock. Third o>->CJPv
pree. MaFt«- Masons ccrdlally invited. ' V *
By order cf the W. U.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
IX>Kie Lodre No. Tit, F. and A. M-— m
Special matins: THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second <le-)t_»
rree. By ord> r of the Master. /
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
AT5OU Pen Adhrm Lodge No. 112, jg!^ESK_^,
I. O. O F.— Members notified
et'end funeral of our late broth- "^^S^^B^jT
*t. rCTER DANN*. THL'RSDAT, -^'"^
2 p. m. R. F. KINSMAN. N. G.
ANNtTAL Meeting— Tb<> annual meetlnr of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company '""ill r* held at th" office of the
ocmpar.y. 327 Market St., San Francisco, C«l..
on MON'DAY. the 2Sth day of March. 1901.
. ct the hour cf 12 ci.. for the purpose of
rlectinc n board cf directors to serve for
the rn^-jir.s: yesr and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
ir.eetine. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March 15. 1901 at 12 m.
W. H. H ANN AM. S»cret»ry-
AGIiVTS \VA.\TED«
A-FTRPT-CI.ASS ciitar salesman. Call on
ALFRED ?. GILES. Lick House, from 8 to
10 a. m. or from 6 to 7 p. m. to-morrow.
AGENTS — Do you want something more, proflt-
_, tb'.p and caFier to wll than books or lnsur-
? tree? A<\. F. PERSON, r. <12. Parrott bldg.
«f> AOKVTS wanted, ladles and gents, at once.
3<i? Powell tt., room 10.
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. Ca!l at
room 1C1. 037 Market 6t.. corner Sixth.
¦WANTED — Apents la e«rh city; frood money.
Pacific Coast M. & L.. Co.. 4C9 Sth. OaKland.
ASPHALTLM KOOFIAG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r-aired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTnOLOCV.
SCIENTIFIC teacher of astrology; horoscope*
oorr.plete. Me and Jl. MRS. DR. SMITH,
lOCT'i Market st., room 12.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frre; divorce law a. specialty; private;
ro fee without tuccess: collections. G. 'W.
HOV.'E. «tty at law, SCO Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. II. McKNIGHT. collections; damaces; ea-
tates; mining; open even. 692 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charre unless successful. W.
\\\ DAVIDSON. S27 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. F.rr.ma Spreckels. bid*.. ?27 Mar-
V.rt Ft.; onr.s'jHatlon fr»e: no fe»»s in ndvance.
Bl"Si:V"ESS CUAJVCES.
A— tCT-rt— CORNER grocery and bar; rent $12; a
fine business and choice location in the Mls-
tion: splendid enow for man and wife. Call
Ii. G. WILJvE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A RARE chance — Old-estab. flower store with
nursery, including: hothouses, boiler, horses.
¦wafTor.s. plants and trees of all description;
location heart of the city; estab. 8 years; a
first-elafs. iiayinfr establishment; lease. Call
It. G. WILKE. S6»i Kearny st.
A— $300: RESTAURANT on Sanscme et.; rent
J1S: er>e<J r>«ylng. R. G. WIL.KE. S6*4 Kearny.
A— *<00: BRANCH bakery and stationery; rent
v 120; S living rooms; daily receipts $12. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
A— tllOC; BAZAAR, stationery, notions, toys,
clears, etc.: stork will invoice the price; best
corner in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE,
MVr Kearr.y 6t. ' ;
A— I1M0: CORNER barroom on Third St.. close
to Call b'.dp. ; an old-estbl. and first-class
paying place; sickness of owner only cause
of «Li<*. Call R. G. WILKE. tC\i Keiny st.
A 9Btj PLUMBING shop; established many
fears and ficir-S a first-class paying business;
r*r.t t22 U; location best; .business street.
Western Add. R. G. WILKE, 16^ Kearny.
A— 11000; CIIOPHOUSE and restaurant on
• Davis st.; kept by present owner 7 years; a
f.i'ft-claE* paying business. Call. R. O.
WILKE. ttftk Kearny st.
A— $]'M30: FALOON dose to Palace Hotel; net
rer.t $37 £0: eld established: well paying: ele-
yant fixtures; about $300 stock on hand; a
splendid chance. R. G fc WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— ftOO: CIGAR stand: rent S10; dally receipts
112: located close to Palace Hotel. Call R. G.
V.ILKE, Z6V4 Kearny 6t.
A— 1:;;0; CORNER grocery and bar on Cali-
fornia st.; choicest location In this city; rood
laying place; clean etnek: good fixtures. Call
R. G. WILKE. W4 Kearny st.
A-C00; STATIONERY store; 2 living rooms:
rent Slf 1 : pood business for man and wife.
Call R. G. V.ILKE. 2iH Kearny st.
A — J75O; CORNER grocery and bar; northern
part of city; death cf owner cause of sale; a
pood business for man and wife. Call R. Q.
WILKE. 2G& Kearny et.
»6W>— BOARDING-HOUSE. 24 rooms and bar: 30
pood boarders; one of the best paying houses
in the city and the greatest bargain ever of-
ferrd fcr sale; will clear JIM to $200 per month;
mupt sell this week, as the owner has other
liuslnees to attend to In the country. Business
Board of Trade, 32S Pine et., opposite San
Francisco Stock Exchange.
JO>— PARTXER: grocery, bar; good chance for
good man. KREDO &. CO.. SOS Market Bt.
J1000— HOTEL, with bar; IS rooms; 30 boarders;
near S. F. KREDO & CO.. Flood building.
tZA— HOTEL. 20 rooms; clears $100 monthly;
_ •cheap r«r.t. KREDO & CO.. SOT'Market at.-
flM — CIGAR stand n»ar Market; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777^ Market «l
1500— PARTNER wanted: wholoRale commission
buMnrss. McLAUGHLIN. 777»4 Market «tT
6J1ALL r»-st»«ur3rit for f.al», cheap: doing a
ECOd business McLAUGHLIN, TW& Market
300 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
BOO candy and icecream stores, "-00 restaurant*.
Son stores of nil kinds; partners wanted,
rartlf-s with tlO8 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 833 Market «t.
ATTENTION'. sellers!— List your business
plaep with me; I will advertise it free; I
¦want no contract. H. C. DECKER 10*3
Market et., orpos'.te Fifth; phone Mint 796.
EARGAIN-SiOO will buy the best fitted and
15 years' established restaurant: call quickiy
•tnd «cke tfcis barjrain; has to bo 'to-day
mypm & CO.. «« Market et.
WANTED— Fr.beT lnduFtdous man es partner In
Mjtrhrrinjr business; not necessary to under-
Ktrtnd business; no agents. 3055 Sixteenth «t.
«THOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply XE. cor. Seventh and Fo'.som.
SALOON for fal* orpnslte ferry. Apply 111
East Ft., ncrth of Market.
THK preetff-t chanre t,t a lifetime; J2iO ca«h
will ret you en interest In the best proposi-
tirn ever ofrrred: perfectly legitimate. For
full partifular? addrws box 2434. Call. office.
WANTED— I ;y active man with little capital.
a SiKrf-imyir.s bcslaea*: no objection to a
Rood partner. A. ».; box 2(37,' Call office.
MERCHANT tailor businoss>. well established
for rale ot><»»p. 1H Polk rt. "*
Ji;:.— BARGAIN for JITS: restaurant for sale,
including 4 room*, furnished, on account of
5!ri::jfKs: rent Jl.'.. Address 275 Stevenson sL
FinFT-CLASS raloon and liquor store, cheap
«t 12V.0; must 1m» cold: owner going Kast- no
KpentR. Box ZtZS. Call.
11 EFT A i; It ANT. 33 Market «t.. near city front:
$7rti; ncrount other business; rt-nt $G0- re-
oplpts S?0 to $30 dally.
ISO WILL buy a nlc- little restaurant and
cc.Tler parlor: rent $13. paid to April 1. Ap-
1.1 y nt 7C4 rolk *t.
FOtl «!_-Go«l Kaloon: Market St.; ovrnef eroe*
to Qyiiftftny. Address O. P.. box 1603. Call.
WANTEO— I'arty with $1000 to $i000; will pay
liberal FcJary with secured Interest In Alas-
k&n tniEinw. £03 Cell building. S. F.
AN ' :<!-• > •:t!,!!^i.-.l fruit, fish and delicacies
. -mtcr+. Ad<!re«* C. 11. XV.. Vallejo. Cal. •
P5H FAI.K-RpstsurRnt; $320: cheap rent; ltv-
!nc rooms/ JSox fM, Call office. , ' .
ELKCTniC lrtisHics** for sale ch«»ep; parties go-
li.it ijortfc. Hox ZiSO. Call office. $..;.._.._. ..
BUSINESS CHA\CKS— ¦ Continued.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. A F. L. COOPER. Nerada City. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper tor sale. Apply
Call Business offlee.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business offlee.
FOR rent— Finest location In Oakland to open
rrocery store. LAYMANCE CO.. 4C0 Eighth
St.. Oakland.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and dairy produce;
3 furnished rooms; must be sotd by April 1.
Apply 2099 Mission et.
PLANING mill In this city for sale. F. GEIER,
Market and Dolores Fts.
i $50 CAPITAL wins $100 per week at races. In-
! formation LYONS, S21 Market Bt., room 4. .
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1C42 Market et.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call .branch offlee. 2200 Flllmora st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ATTENTION SELLERS!
List your house, store, saloon or business
place with me. 1 will advertise free. I
want no contract. DECKER, 1020 Market
Bt., opp. Fifth; phone Mint 796.
J< ROOMS: corner; fine for transient. ...$1000
S2-room house: clears $200 .".'.. 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market : 500
14 rooms on Third st., near Market 550
14 rooms on Mission st.* 550
40 rooms; rent $50: clears $150 1000
24 rooms north of Market; clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; Just furnished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary st.; clears $183 1900
44 rooms; positively the best: clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
fj-rnom bouse; clears $300 6000
SO- room boarding house; clears $600 5000
S-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat: very good 325
4 vacant houses to rent.
R00 other houses. 3 to TOO rooms, price $100 to
$30,000; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796 t
MRS. A. CAMERON. S50 Market st.. rooms 21.
22 23 (formerly with Marion Grlffln. 719 Mar-
ket St.), will be pleased to have old and new
customers call and select houses from large
list cf bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ness chances of any kind they may hava to
cell: Fee special list of bargains.
10-room flat, on O'Farrell; modern; rent $53;
price $750: good furniture and carpets; elegant
9-room flat, on Geary: 9-room flat, Eddy; 7-
room flat on EUls: all elegant and modern. .
12 rooms; renr $60; price $7M: residence; fine
yard; good furniture and carpets.
48 rooms; rent $175; price $1600; in business
center; pays well.
21 rooms; rent $125; price reduced to $900; a
Facriflce; hardwood furniture; balr mat-
tresses. v
It rooms, corner; 2 entrances; rent $S0; price
reduced to $$oo if sold at once: two houses.
14 rooms: Van Ness ave.: $1000: rent $60;
velvet carpets; $603 down, balance time; no
interest.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all slz?s and prices:
CO rooms, close In. elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
W rooms, all conveniences', celect. central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments , £00
Vacant houses furnished.".
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
WINFTON A WOLF.
1026 Market st. Telephone Mint 159L
*0 rooms; rent $110. $2-^1 12 rooms; snap $400
27 rooms: rent $50.. 930 18 rooms: bargain... 800
85 rooms; rent $60.. 1200 10 rooms; piano 550
38 rooms; rent $50.. 9<X> 7 rooms (flat) S25
66 rooms; rent I1!S. ISM 10 rooms; only 273
26 rooms; rent $41.. fOO 14 rooms; one floor. 600
36 rooms; rent $115. 2200 17 rooms: 6th st 900
40 rooms: rent $S0.. 1900 10-room flat 750
Select Tour Horse From Largest List In Town.
g rooms; excellent value $300
14 rooms; a genuine bargain 300
20 rooms: well furnished: close in 1000
23 rooms; always full; nice location....... 1000
44. 76 end 123 roomed houses.
See cur special bargain list before, buying;
we lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates, WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.; telephone 1593.
48 rooms, north of Market: only $16H0
16 room*. Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
I have for sole 473 lodging-houses. Please call
at my office and get free list. I Will furnish
you money if you. haven't enough.
CALL and Eee our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city nnd at
any price. EUREKA .REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st. > .
JSOO— 26 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished:
all rented; low rent. . BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
NICELY furnished 9-room house; reasonable;
low rent. SI3 Post st.
FOR SALE — A 6-room furnished house; nice
home: rent $25. 1614 Bush st.
$800— Bay-window house, 18 rms., good furniture;
always full; rent $44: bargain, tti Fol«om st.
SPIRITUALISM. . '
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
ene you will marry: the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
. stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st., op. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Karnhanj. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths*,
unites the separated: mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Resld.fno signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde. Larkln.
FIFTY-THIRD anniversary of modern spiritu-
alism, to-night, Scottish Hall. 8 o'clock, llf
Larkin: good test: music; talent, Mr. Hockln,
Maxwell, Wren: others.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting,
S p. m., 10c: bring pealed questions. 505 Ixir-
kln 6t.: hrs. 1 to R. except Wed. and Sat:
diagnosis free Friday.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night, developing
circle Friday night; readings d_Ily, »0c. $1.
ARNOLD DICKSON. 148 Sixth St.
MEETING Tues.. Wed.. i:3ft- Howard: Thur».,
117 Larkin. in Scottish Hall. Mrs. Maxwell.
Wren. Hokln."
MME. YOUNG'S conx-lnclnJT test circle to-night,
COS McAllister st.; 10c; come, skeptics.
SEELEY and SWAN— Grand test meeting to-
night, 8 o'clock. 1133 Mission St.. nr. Sth; 10c.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-day. 2:45; sittings
dally. 1&C9 Stockton et., near Greenwich .
MRS. LESTER— Readings DOe; circles every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
GO to Itlansey, gypsy medium: scientific palm-
istry taught; certificate guarntd. 1079 Market.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Maraetlc Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S5J McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: -ittlngjK dally: tests to all to-nlght;10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SANDERS removed rrom the Vendome,
1104 Market st.. to 1130 Market, Astor House.
Tells you what to do for a living, whom to
marry, unites the separated, discovers mines,
names the winning horses, flnds lost prop-
erty, reveals your - enemies, tells the past,
foretells the future, gives • lucky numbers,
legal advice, teaches mind vibration, brings
you Into mental communication with friends
at a distance, reads your hands, head and
Innermost thoughts, dispels the blues, drives
away melancholy and gladdens every heart.
Call to-day if possible. Ten questions an.
ewered by mall . fcr $1. Astor House, 1130
Market st., rooms 1, 2 and 8.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' — — —
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur*-
a.te description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and Vortrays events to occur lti-the
luiure. . If you are in trouble, discontented, un*
. happy or not satisfied In Hfe, or have domes-
tic, love or business 'troubles, consult this
great medium and you' will be told . how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 'the well-known trance
• medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket «.. corner Golden Gate ave.,* rooms- 25
guaranteed by mall; send stamp (or p»m-'
|;hlft with special terms. Dally and Sunday,
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls: has the great-
est Egyptian secret : shows picture of future
husband or wife; fees 23c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215V_ Sixth Et -
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy. • clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
-.Cth: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
VIRGINIA." clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affair? of life; business, : love, mining, law-
suits. :6'4 Kearny, r. 5. 6; hrs 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
tegt medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.'.cor.tth. '
MRS. . MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. '11 Cth: German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S48.
MME. SEREDA; the gypsy, is the.KTeat palm-
is t and card .reader, 2^.-7 Seventh st. ¦.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continned.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. SI 50.*.'. 128 Turk.
M.ME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 44S# Jessie St.". bet., 5th & 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry-; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME, RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET IlEA'mc AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wor&
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 394. GEO. .WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ¦
— M " m — — —»— — — — — — - — — »^— — —^w
CHIROPODISTS. |
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts. - chil-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Putter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A gency— No~7-hargiT"un-
lees successful. Room 310. £27 Market . st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
School. Friday. March 22. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt.
• DENTISTS. , .
ATTn^'ELE^T^'DEl^L^LfNlcTloTMlLr^
ket St., cor, 4th, .rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 59 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
,
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings.
COc; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, Hr. Eleventh j
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges ; difficult plate work solicited ;
positive painless extraction, 60c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 236 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Fet of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815^4 Geary. nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction C0c;plates J5up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
n miner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"-: evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue. .
GALIiAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac- ;
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil;
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night serslpns; new 80-page catatcgue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school "lor the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
WANTED — Careful teacher of arithmetic and
bookkeeping for young man a few hours a
day; state terms. Box 2519, Call office.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlnlng.mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.: est. 1864. Van.
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
GreRg shorthand costs only X60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 123C Market st. ¦
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures -.short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MKHR1LL-MILLER Collegp. shorthand and
typlre. removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction: catalogue.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFiUppe'sAcademy
of Lar-Kuages,320Post:estab'd 1871:ahlest profs.-
PROF. MERICI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; clay or eve.'; XS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlelit Has*. 424 Pine nt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and- Chinese" help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 13S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. S44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all klnd^ help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
OHPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black EC72.
JAPANESE and- Chinese employment office —
Best help. E26 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
llett help. 411% O'Farrpll «t.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes position: Is a com-
petent and experienced nurse; will do light
housework: Is a good cook; best of city refer-
ences. 1050 McAllister St., n»ar Webster.
RESPECTABLE German' lady, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Call CS-7C Ellis St., room 53, between!
and 3 o'clock.
DRESSMAKER, first-class, experienced In best
work, perfection In fitting and trimming;
costumes remodeled latest styles; families.
Address J. H.. box 2518. Call office.
AN elderly experienced woman wishes situa-
tion; good cook; would assist In housework;
city or across the bay; carfare expected. Call
324 Turk st.. near Hyde. *
A WORKING housekeeping position . wanted;*
middle-aged American woman; thorough
housekeeper In all branches, '404 Turk, r. 32,
COMPETENT, refined young, woman wishes
light housework in Protestant family; refer-
ences given. Call ?$2 Harrison St., near 4th.
RELIABLE girl wishes place to do general
housework lrf» American family; wages $20.
Call at 1212 Scott «t.
COMPETENT nurse wishes the full charge o£
'Infant; best of city references. Address box
2504. Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation at housework
by the day anj_ sleep at home. 129 Third st. 1
COMPETENT Eastern woman of 40; good cook;
assist with washing.. 746 Mission at.; refs.
BY a -middle-aged woman, housekeeping "or
chamber work: would .like to go north; no
trifler. MISS B., 28 Seventh et., room 26...
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
good laundress; $1 GO 'per day; 'references.
Addref MRS. C. £25 Fulton, et.
DRESSMAKER Just -. arrived ¦ from - New ".York
wishes engagement . in : family by. the day,
.,- $1 E0. Apply to Dressmaker, G6S MJssIon, st.'
YOUNG lady from the East wishes a position
as housekeeper or dressmaker in a refined
family. 1178 East Fifteenth- st... Oakland. ' ;
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near ¦ Mar-'
ket— "00 rooms: 23c to $1 SO per night;. $1 BO to $6
. week; convenient and respectable; .free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ">—¦_«:•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH : office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has • been established "at '1036
Val?ncla~ ft. ¦ ¦¦¦"-¦
.•EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED— MALE.
SALESMAN. 25, commanding > German, French
and EngUsh. t ¦ traveled ¦¦ 12 ; years . calling . on
paint, drug and manufacturing tralie. wants
josltlon with mercantile or manufacturing
concern only; -highest credentials. Box 2503
Call office. ¦¦-¦•¦¦¦:¦ '.¦¦' .j^-.^,;/.:; . '-. Jk
AN industrious . young .man •', from .: the- East
. would like situation around 'country hotel or
ranch; understands caring of horses and car-
, rlages. Box 2517, Call. . .^ , ¦
YOUNG married man wlrhes work .of any kind'
experienced .baker: -best- of' references. "Ad-
dress 720 Bryant st. . . _-_ ¦-•
EMPLOYME5T WAltTEIV-MALE. ,/ :
FIRST-CLASS landscape and florist; 3 years In
• • last ¦; place * as > head gardener; ¦ good recom-
mendatlon. .- Box ¦ 2503. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operator and * retoucher - de-
Sires better position; familiar with bromide
. enlarging/Box 2507, Call office. . ¦ :¦:,' ~y
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
general office work;, good at figures ; city ,¦ or
country; moderate salary. Box 2582. Call.
YOUNG' married man desires position as bar-
. tender ; , city . or country. Address B. B. , 831
st. , , \
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation as baker
\ Jn. small shop or Institution; city or country.
' Address J. S.,'631 Sacramento at. ,
GOOD cook wants l a situation in hotel or. res-
taurant; city or country. ¦ 62 Second, room 31.
A SOBER, industrious married man wants em-
' ployment as salesman, solicitor, collector,
porter, or night. watchman; 30 years In this
• city; good reference and bond- If required.
Address J. A. B.; box 2439, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS gentleman, German, sober,
wishes situation to take full charge of a gen-
tleman's'' residence or to attend an invalid;
beet of references. ". A: • B., 2132 Flllniore gt. . -
WANTED— Position by a practical fanner;
single; capable of taking charge of any kind
i of farm: Box ¦ 2436. Call office.
! PAINTER and ¦ paperhanger wants- situation;
first-class : workman. Aug. -222 Fremont st.
BARBER with 2 years' experience wants work
with good man. Box 2449. Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED = Japanese, nice couple, hava
a references, wish positions; man first-class
cook; wife wait table and housework. Box
2425, Call office.
A COOK wants a situation for the. country;
understands baking bread. 1301 Santa , Clara
ave., Alameda. . ' !
SWISS man and wife wish positions in city or
country: man do any kind work on ranch
and lady will cook. . 4S22 Mission road. . ¦»
WANTED— By a retiring- hotel-keeper, aged
40. a situation as interpreter in a hotel on
the Pacific Coast; speaks all languages; best
,o( references. Sterling, care U. S. Consulate,
Shanghai. / . ¦ .- : . ¦ ;
MARRIED man wishes position as choreman
ton farm or private residence; can milk and
¦ understands horses. Box 2203. Call. Oakland.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or stenog-
rapher: 8 years' experience; references. Ad-
dress box 2450, Call office.
BY young man Just from Ohio; willing to do
any honorable work; good penman. Box
2446, Call office. : ¦..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - .
FEATHER | PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
¦ FRATTT-RTt •F^rrrORY. 244 St-vnsnn St.
PLATS TO LET.
$11— UPPER fiat, 3 large sunny rooms, base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave., between Twenty-
. third and Twenty-fourth sts. ' *
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; sep-
arate entrance: rent $12*50.
FLATS TO LET — KURMSHKU.
THREE to five handsomely and completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; all mod-
ern conveniences: pleasant surroundings;
very desirable, 129 Liberty 6t. *
2 ROOMS and bath for rent, $10; furniture for.
sale cheap. 30 Page st.
i] FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished . flat or cottage 4 or 5
rooms, bath and yard : not over $20. Ad-
dress box 2510, Call office. ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
•""ROOMS' furnished in "oakTTu* BO. wlthTjoV' 7
range. King Furjiiture Co.. 1127-1131 . Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 12C5 Larkln ; tel. Polk 694 :
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture lei. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO fecelve highest value for furniture,-, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
c"kA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Market St. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
UELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT "ci ITtT HANSEN"_rCo7s Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses for railroad eating house, $25,
free fare, see party here :..
Waitress Colusa, $20 Free fare j
Waitress »....Menlo Park.. $20
10 waitresses City.... $20
Restaurant waitress $7 a week
Restaurant waitress, no Sunday work.. $6 wk
2 chambermaids to wait, eame place, city. .$20
2 chambermaids, city $17 50
Scrubber, day work, store. '. $1 a day
2 women to wash dishes, sleep home...... $25
Fancy Ironer, across the bay $25 and found
Mangier, $20 Laundress, city, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .....
Good plain cook for email family, $25; house-
girl. : choice place. Alaraeda, $20, see party
he.re; cooks, Swedish and'Germain housegirls,
second girls, nursegirls, city and country.
C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A COMPETENT nursegtrl, references, city, :
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;
2 waitresses, $25, fare paid; waitresses, $22 DO,
fare paid; 18 waitresses, city and country
hotels, all first-class. $20; 4 chambermaids to
wait, city and country. $20; woman cook,
$30; restaurant waitress, $7 a week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
¦ Houseglrl. 2 In family, $25; housegirl, Ala-
rceda, $25: many places, city and country.
$15 to 125. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
•4 WAITRESSES, railroad eating house, $20,
see party here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary »t. . . ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery." rm. VI.
Waitresses,' city and country hotels, J20.
WANTED— Three neat young women (not under
20) to learn waiting at table; 2 weeks no pay,
except board ; then $15 per mo. : $20 second ;
then full pay:- also 2 experienced girls. $25 per
mo. (8 hours). JOHNSON'S, 725 Market st.
GIRLS wanted to sew -shirts: good class of
work; good pay; steady employment griiaran-
. teed: a. few inexperienced taught. Apply
THE L. .ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery Bt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; good home -to right party. 164 Clara
inve.,- bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth sts.
YOUNG woman wanted for general housework
In small family; good home; moderate wages.'
Call 1SS0 Hyde Et.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; no
washing. J15, • city; one woman to solicit.
Call nt 1073V4 Market st., room 2.
EXPERIENCED operator on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. AARON, 579 MIs-
: slon st.
WOMAN to go to country to do plain sewing
for about a .week, fare both ways. $125* per
day. Call In morning. 5C3 Third st.
SMALL girl to assist with light housework. 264
San Carlos ave., bet. Mission ¦ and Valencia,
off Nineteenth. •
W ANTED— A good stenographer; one who un-
derstands bookkeeping; state salary expected!'.
¦ J.. box 2523. Call office.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity, to right par-
ty. F. person, room 412, -. Parrott building.
APPRENTICES and.blockcr In millinery store
at 692 McAllUter st. / .
SPANISH waitress wanted; good wages; no
Sunday work. 91 Minna -st. " ,
WANTED— Young lady. waitress. £2 Eighth st.
GIRL for general housework. 2904 California"
St.. . before 1 o'clock. ¦? j .
WANTED — Younif •: girl ; - assist - in f housework ;
wagesflj. : &33 San Bruno ave., ; cor. 18th st. <
GOOD .finisher on pants; steady work; good
pay. v-6P9 j Kearny St.. . room 1. ¦ .-.-
GIRLS want'ed at United States Laundry, Slx-
\ c teenth and .Valencia" sts. . . .
WAITRESS wanted/ 506 Howard St.. near First."
GIRL, mind : two children, ' 5. months; call 3 to
' 5.* 1322 Montgomery Bt. , ,'fi5a^^BK-HWIi_g5Bl
APPRENTICE <on .coats; wages paid while
learning. H.' DAVIS. 119 Russ gt. ¦ :
WANTED- Young j girl to ' do light housework.
Call between 8 and , 12, ¦ 1139 Geary st. ' /\ '
A YOUNG girl with some experience : to learn,
• coat finishing;; -paid. " ,1 631 Vi Natoma st.'
LADY 'to take charge of : vest shop. , H. HILP,
,106 Battery : st.' ~v~- ' ;
WANTED— Nurse-girl: sleep . home. 234 San
' Jose ave.; near,Twenty-flfth «t. ¦ '.., , ' • !.
WANTED — Waist finishers and improvers.^ Ap-
/ ply. 3C0 O'Farrell '.st. ."• ¦' ;-¦: -" ; '-...,;.
WANTED— A lunch waitress. Call at 953«f.Bry. J
...ant:rt. \ ¦¦.:.¦ ..":;. ¦ •_.' : ,. : ¦ ¦:¦ ...... \ ¦
WOMAN to work by the day; call bet.: 8 and 5.
Howard' st.' V -¦.¦> .-'- .-- . - . ' -,
'¦'_ HELP ¦'. WAXTEfl— FEMALE— Con:
"WANTED— Girl for second work. 1257 Octa-
vla.8t. • ; ./ ; , ¦
PANTS finisher and pants apprentice wanted;
paid while learning. -••¦ 124 Turk ¦ St.
COOKS and second girls; wages $30, $25. CAT-
1 TELL'8. 625 Eighth ¦ Bt., Oakland.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 321 Ellis st.
AVANTED-Chambermald and waitresses. Ho-
.. tel Repeller. 781 Sutter st. , . .. - ;
GERMAN working housekeeper between 30 and
40. Address J. FISHER. 504 Stevenson St.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
' : Apply grocery, corner Grove and Gough sts.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework. Ap-
ply 418 Grove st.
.WANTED— Young girl to assist and mlno. boy,
$10; sleep home. 253 Octavla St.; call 10 a, m.
TOUNG girl 14 to 16 years of age to take care
of. 2 children. 137 Twenty-eighth st.
LADY partner with $150; manufacturing spe-
cialty business; fine paying bus. Call bet. 10
'. a. m. & 12 m. Room 423, Emma Spreckels bid,
LADY .. for light housework and care of 2
children. RATNER, 12 Geary court, be-
tween Jones and Lea venworth sts. '
SEWERS for cording, sunbonnets. scoops,
skirts, -etc. ; take work home. H. FRIE-
LANDER, 338 Fell St.
PANTS finishers wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
¦ CO. ' Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WOMAN of fair education by wholesale house.
Box 2423. Call office. .
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this eve liinsr.
PANTS finishers; good wages; steady work.
HENRY- HILP, 106 Battery st •
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants; high-
est pay and steady work. 104 Kearny st.
GIRL for general houseworK; plain cooking;
small family; wages $15. 1401A Scott st.
WANTED — A young _-ir{ to do general house-
work; need not cook. .- 1831. Eddy st. v
GIRL for housework; 10 to 4:30: car fare one
way; $8. loll Baker ft.
WANTED— First-class waist.' skirt and coat
hands. Apply 1200 Geary St.. after 7 p. m.
OPERATORS en shirts nnd overalls; inexperi-
enced Instructed. 410 Mission et.
WANTED— First-class buttonhole maker on
coats. 135% Natoma, near New Montgomery.
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of sick
lady; German preferred. 112 Langtpn st
WANTED — A girl for general housework.
2700A Twenty-fourth St.
¦WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply 614 Devisadero • st.
PAPER BOX FACTORY; experienced girls. ;
. Western Paper Box Co., 30 Fremont st. v :
GIRLS wanted: bookblndery. E36 Clay st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work '
in factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10%
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED— 31 ALE.
AT C. R.HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary et.
Railroad Work
Free fare. Ship' dally Free fare
For California and Northwestern Ry., Uklah.
10 choppers and axmen S2 a day
for cutting right of way.
Gang of teamsters and laborers $2 a day
For S. P. Co's Own Work
Gang of laborers for surfacing ••nd ballast-
Ing track. Los Angb-»s and j Santa ' Barbara
divisions $1 75 a day
For big tunnel at Chatsworth Park
Gang of drillers and tunnelmen
{2 to }2 SO a day
2 carpenters to frame and set up tunnel
• timbers $2 50 a day
Fi=ee fare Ship, dally '.Free fare
4 plasterers, country. $4 a >day and fare
paid one way; 3 laborers, Sonoma Co., $26
and board; 6 milkers. Santa Clara Co., $26
and board; 3 Swiss milkers, $26 and board:
'2 blacksmiths, country. $40 to $45 and board.
...........Hotel Department.
3 neat omnibuses, country hotel. $25 and
free fare; 3 neat young men with some <fx-
perience to , carry off dishes In first-class
hotel dining-room, country, $25 and free fare;
2 neat young men for lunch counter. R. R
eating house. $25 and free fare: middle-aged
hotel man for office work in hotel; night
clerk country hotel, $23
'2 French second ' cooks. $65 and $60; 2 fry
cooks,. $50 and $60; broiler, $00.
4 restaurant . waiters, south, $11 a week,
fnre paid; 3 French or Italian waiters, coun-
try restaurant, $45; 10 hotel waiters, $20 to
$35; 3 bellboys. $15 nnd $17 50; third cook for
train service, $30.
Tyler Ironer, country, $15 a week; Tyler
Ironer, city. $40 and board; marker and dis-
tributer, J40.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary st.
AN errand boy who knows' the city for our
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A COLORED waiter for country hotel; $25.
C. R.HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MURRAY & READY .Phone Main ES4S
Leading Employment Agents
634-636 Clay st ¦....
WANTED.. TO-DAY.. 7 A. M....
» : Special for to-day
10 laborers, gold and silver mines, $2; $1 75
and $34 and found; 6 drillers, $i2 and found;
5 miners, single-hand, $60; 3 miners, new
mine, $42 and found: 6 teamsters for <t land
company, steady Job year round, $30 and
found;- 8 farmers, 3 milkers, 4 vineyard
hands, blacksmiths, harnessmaker for coun-
try shop, 3 farmers and wives, $33 and $10.
The above are only a few of the positions we
have to offer. If the Job that you are look-
Ing for is not mentioned In the above ads,
you ¦ will find numerous other positions on
bur dailv bulletin board.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED.
Driver for milk wagon $30 and found
Cheescmaker, easy place $30 and found
Swiss milker for city $35
Milker, near city. $30
Plow hand, 6 horses....... $26
Hostler, livery stable $3-1
4 fanners, steady place $20
Orchard hand $20 to $25
Single-hand miner $2 a day
•2 woodchoppers, tools and grub advanced.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WANTED— The employing public to call at
1073\4 Market -st.. Pacific Coast Employment
Agency, for reliable help. Do you want a
good servant, cook, chambermaid, nurse, gov-
erness, amanuensis, housekeeper, maid, maid
of all work, reader, coachman, gardener, farm
hand,. special help? We will furnish you with
help. Call to-day, register your want. We
furnish reliable help; ring us up; tel. How-
ard 1626; call or write. 1073% Market. S. F.
FARM hands and vineyard men, $1 per day
and board; quarrymen, $1 75; waiter for hos-
pital, $10 and found; waiter for restaurant:
. mill and woodsmen, wood chopper*. tie
makers, etc. : carriage painter for country.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.. 59
Third st. : phone. Red St
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
. Middle-aged man as night clerk, $25; bellboy,
club, $25; waiter, $30. "
2 FIRST-CLASS bellboys; $15 and found. MRS.
M. E. DAY__/'O.. 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union —
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I." LESS, Secretary.
WANTED — By a large financial concern young
man • under 30 years of axe: .must write a
rapid business hand, quick and accurate 'at
figures and. have a practical . knowledge of
bookkeeping; highest references required; per-
manent position If suitable. Address in own
handwriting "Financial." box 2Z-93. Call office.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery or, crockery business; give reference, ex-'
' perlence and wages expected. Address box
2506. Call office. . ' -
ACTIVE i man. by large manufacturing house:
$36 cash paid - for 12 days' trial ; . promotion,
permanent position If satisfactory. Address
G. B. P. CO.. box: 1027 Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTQD — Furniture salesman who under-
stands the ¦ furniture business thoroughly; no
Inexperienced men need apply. Address box
2515, Call office. ¦
WANTED — Firtt-class capable experienced
1 man c for ~ manager carpet department: city
store: must have- gilt-edge references. Ad-
; crrepg box -2516, Cair.cffl.ee/
WANTED— Active, elderly." steady married man
without children who ; understands managing
small chicken "ranch; pay. $15. Address: box
2520. Call office. ;
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity. to right man. F. PERSON.,
. room 412. Parrott building. . - _
TWO-CHAIR' barber- shop ' for ¦ sale cheap; in
-Petaluma. Address D. . WHITE, Petaluma.
.Cal. •..-¦¦'¦•>¦....•¦¦
FIRST-CLASS short order and dinner cook for
• ¦ hotel In Nevada: . wages tCO \per month to . be-
¦ ; gin with. Address box 2308/ Call office.
WANTFDr- Young > rnan to keep : accounts In
factory..' California Electrical Works,- W. E'
\ i ELLIOTT, Secretary." ¦. ¦ '
WANTED— Trustworthy -man* partner; $150 per
' month: ' $<50 required. , LUNDIN & CO.; 9C6
*-. Market -st.. : rooms 7' and 9.
HONEST "and reliable -young- man. under " 20 '
T. with little experience of the grocery business
,- Apply 401 Third st: y-_
,WANTEI>-A1 bufhejman. \Apnly 7:30 a. m
; S..N.rWOOD.&.CO.."71S Market st.'. > "
TOCNG ¦ mnn> for 'boys' -and children's;^ must
. Know how to keep stock. -. RAPHAEL'S,' Inc.".
HELP WA5TED— MALE— Con.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade in two months, saving • two years:
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
'are. all made to our own order, with a view
to - cleanliness and convenience. • __
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, «5 Clay st.
Beware of 'any cheap Imitations. - '• .
WANTED — Toung man to learn cigar making;
4 to 6 weeks required; steady work and good
f pay when learned; tuition $25. 247 Fifth st.
BARBERS, attention!— A good 15c shop to sell
cheap; must be sold this week. Inquire at 11»
Turk st. ¦ '¦ •••'."
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale: doing good busi-
ness: rent $6. Apply to DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
BARBER shop for sale— Enterprise Hotel bar-
ber shop; owner engaged in other' business.
2S14 Sixteenth st.. near Folsom; a bargain.
WANTED— An errand boy; 13 per week.
HANAK & HARQENS. 107 Montgomery st.
YOUTH to learn a manufacturing business.
Box 2534. Call office. ¦
BOT wanted between 15-17 for a grocery. Cor-
ner O'Farrell and Taylor sts.
"WANTED— First-class pants .finisher. 46Sft
Minna st.. near Stxth.
TOITNG man acquainted with glove work.
Excelsior Glove Co.. 415 Market st. -
"WANTED— Bright, energetic young man; must
write good hand. Apply box 2512. Call.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 638 Market st.
STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
month year around. 209 Kearny st.. room 1.
DISTRIBUTER wanted at United States Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
"WANTED-1C0O men to try best 10c & 15c meals
' In city. 410 Kearny st. The Maine Restaurant.
WANTED— A man who Is used to working
about house. 1143 Harrison St. *
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Delivery man In grocery: take care
of horses. Address box S21. .Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. M Third st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply 8. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st. .
WANTED— Reliable youna man with $50 cash;
$30 month, board; no experience. 496 Fourth.
2 UNION cabinet makers wanted at TOMP-
KINS & FAVARE'S. 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 2 good whlteners at 2C2 Fifth st.
CUTTER on custom work. H. HILP, 106 Bat-
tery st.^
WANTED— A good cake baker. Apply 447 Ivy
avenue. . -.- i_______J
WANTED— A good night waiter for restaurant:
call after 9 a. m. 1^0 Market st.
WANTED— First-class waiter. 23 Stockton st.
WANTED— A first-class dishwasher. IS Eddy
St.; $30.
BARBER chairs— Two Koken hydraulic sllght-
ly used; cheap. D. ETOLTZ, 723 Market st.
WANTED— Trimming cutter on shoes. RO-
SENTHALt FEDER & CO.. 134 Main st.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all Invited to call and se« the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new bead-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
STRONG boy wanted to keep store clean; hours
7 a. m. to 9 p. m.; wages $5 per week; state
where previously employed. Box 2441. Call.
GENERAL compositor for printing office: two-
thirder; also straight matter hands. PERNAU
BROS.. 543 Clay st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
WANTED at Fresno, a first-class plasterers:
wages, $4 per day. Apply at Patterson
building, Fresno. ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet; 1st and 2d sts.
CASH boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S-
722 Market a».
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD & CO. ;
good wages. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
TAIIX»R'S bushelman wanted at once. HEN-
jtY HILP, 106 Battery st.
GOOD barber for evenings and Sunday; 15c
chop. 2007 Mission St., corner Sixteenth.
WANTED— A first-class home bread baker; ref-
erences. 1217 Valencia st.
WANTED— Experienced ladies' tailor: psrma-
- nent:good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
YOUNG man about 20 years old to clerk In
grocery. Address Call Agent. Berkeley.
BARBERS; two-etialr shop for sale. 200 Powell
street.
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 723 Fourth
St., San Rafael; tel.. Red la. __^
WANTED— Cash boys, age 14 years and over.
Apply at HALE BROS.. No. 879-937 Market.
COATMAKER on custom coats. 927 Market St..
room 7S.
FOR sale cheap— Two-chair shop, doing $35 per
week. 384 Sixth st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. lie and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(1
Valencia st.
HORSES A\U WACO.SS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, boggles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hor«e Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence fts
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec, 519 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Nine-passenger wagon, 5 Montgom-
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
A — 1C0 SETS second-hand harness: . wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
AN A. No 1 express wagon, single, also light
- camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for Trailing. $1 per- year.
HOUSES TO LET\
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELT furnished house, 9 rooms arid bath:
will rent furnished or unfurnished: reason-
able. 1625 Post st.
~ LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Tuesday evening. In" Mission, between
Nineteenth and Twenty-fifth sts., gold fob.
sfal engraved, with letter B and attached to
black ribbon. Return to 436 Bartlett St.; re-
ward.
LOST-On Tuesday eve. a mastiff dog named
Queen: tag CC. Return 612 Locust ave. and re-
celve reward. , ¦
LOST — Diamond stnd In vicinity of Jones and
Green sts. Return to 925% Filbert st. ; reward.
I.OST-Lndy'8 gold watoh. closed face; Initials
V..S. N. Reward at 1C23 Mission st.
LOSTr- Watch No. 3)823 <Dent); .valued by
owiier for association; $30 reward. 719 Hyde.
LOST— Probably on either Geary or Fillmore
st. cars, a watch. Tiffany. No. 10.9SO. with
Chatelaine an<1 ornaments attached. A liberal
reward will be paid for return of same to
101 Mtnt^omcry st. -
IXDST— 2 female bulldogs; one is white, the
other one has a black eye: name on collar
Lulu Bullar. -Rewsrd at 2SS Surrey st. Glen
Park. - . ¦
LOST— Brown Great : Dane. Reward paid bv
. returning, to DELLUOMIXI. SOI -Hayes at.
Wanted — Old gold' for manufacturing O' Nolte
JewelT. t\3 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought.. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market • st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, fnr mulling, ti pefyear.
: , j IA/rn , j j px I A*U
GENTLEMEN" wishing to "marry wealthv ladles
send 10c for list." MRS. HERTZ, ttw Ellis st!
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel South 7*»-
to order ; or renovated. -'- feather and hall
«»ain*d:.«nfrt »wrr>et rlennln«r: rtrirtlv re-
liable. HOPKE DUOS., J1S-320 Eleventh s"
MEDICAL.
DBL "AND MRS. DAVIEsC KM Market, ladled
specialists; 22 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb r-?medy: a reliable
ir©st ni^nt superior to any otliCT*^ positlvp curs
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same c'ay; those wishing to treat them-
f^Ivps should send for the Hindoo Herb Horns
x Treatninit: harmless: consultation free.
DR. I-OPPER— Newly lmpro*ed genuine regn-
la tor can only be had at my office: for all
¦ female complaints; beware of Imitations; caa
be sent; S7 years' experience. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable upeclallat: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteS treatment at
office: any aliment: home for patients: con-
tult free. 9*2 1'ost it., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. COODWIN-. 1033 Market-Private horn,
H 1 ? nts , b * f< ? r * an;1 during conflnement;
well known; implicit confidence; reliable.
DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist, removed from 937
Market st to 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. D. ALLFIX — Removed to Ills Market St..
bet. Tavlor anrt Mason: ladles' specialist.
MIXES AXD 3HX|.\q — —
ATTEXTIOr^ miners and capitalists— The moat
promising group of copper mines in Southern
Arizona, partially developed, can be bonded
for the next 30 days for $30,000: mines -will
pay their -way frcra date. Address Owner
Postogjce box 91. Oakland. Cal.
MINKS bought and sold; also stocks in mines
and oil comDanles. Prof. John Tilton. ran.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott btdg.: 10-13: 1-3.
MISCELLA.VKOCS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPM.VN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOO.VAN, 1017. 1019. 10H. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue. '
FOR SALE— Six months' scholarship In short-
hand, typewriting and English In California
Business College; cheap. Address box L.
Madera. Cal.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. W1IITELAW. SI* Spear St. .
TTPEWRITERS at any price to close them
cut; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 403 California.
A— 15 AND 15 II. P. boiler; 8 II. P. engine:
cheap. J. BURKE. 133 Beals st.
A— 10-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st.
FOR sale chflttp — 1 Prouty Job printing press,
6x10 chase;- (40. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission St.
FOR SALE— 270 acres redwood timber, cheap;
good mill site. Box 2T.03. Call office.
FOR SALE— Billiard table !n good condition.
Apply at 1551 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— 7 hives bees. 5710 Baker st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new A 2d-han<3:
all nixes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Eluxome.
FOR sale at a bargain: fTne yacht 32 feet lone
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines anl
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. COt
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. Ifi3 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New" and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. <17-C3 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 121 Post st.
SAFES-New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
TTALTZ SAFE. 105-111 Market St.. San Fran.
3IISCELLAXKOCS WA.NTS.
HORSE wanted for his keep for one month
by responsible party; good care. Box 2T.22.
Call office.
A BAKER'S drum in good condition: stata
price. H. MEYER, 1125 McAllister st.
LIGHT lS-fnot rowboat. varnished! Call or ad"
dres3 II. F. PERNAU. C43 Clay st., S. F.
TILTON'S mj_fit parlors wants masquerade, la-
diea'. gent's Hothing. 134, Sth: tel. Folscm £i22.
SECONB-HAND st«>nm. gas ar.d clpctric ma-
chinery wanted. JH >Tl«slon st.. near Main.
MON K Y~ TiVlM AX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopTs^can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
net borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and h\ 3C6 Market st.
IF YOUR, PROPERTY-
-. IS irORTOAGKD
and you ne«>d morp money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probat»,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amowit; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estatna. legacten; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 1G. 1st ficior.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSKN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d anl 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before- doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 54 Montgomery., r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
st. :. tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third «t.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commissln; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Janes.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
q-jlck; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1173 Market st. room 63.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission ; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st
LOANS. 1st or 2d ratgs; city, country, 6%, undl-
vlded Ints. : estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Caiirorftla.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. TH23
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
flOO.OOO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. <03 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Dlscoqnt Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED — From private party, tha loan of
JICOO on improved real estate, near Golden.
Gate Park; good security. Box KSD, Call.
WANTED— Loan $600 at 2 per cent month;
good security. Box 2502. Call office.
MVS1CAL KVSTnUMEyrS. '
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co."s withi
easiest payments, low. -st prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase.
- Beautiful new uprights sold for id cash and
$6 per month. We effer to sell some good
planes at J3. U and ?."¦ per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. *
WE have a few real bargains to offer to-day;
some good squares At $75 an£ upward; a fin*
second-hand Decker & Son upright and any
number of new Deckers. Packards. Smith &
Barnes and Baumeisters at low prices. IS
you want to pay cash we wtll accommodat*
you. and If you prefer payments you'll find
us Just as willing. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
769 Market -st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bouso
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
TS and JO O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea^y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done u, please and satisfy the
customer. .
A STORAGE auction piano sale; 21 fine pianos,
juit removed from -tcrage room and plaml
on sale: .offers wanted to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170« Market st. •
CO UPRIGHTS, all makes. $73 up: rented and
rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. Geary st.
A" 3- PEDAL upright piano; also furniture; sac-
rlflce: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
$75— FINE Hallet Davis: cost S10O; for sal« on
%i installments. 1419 Post street.
SMALL upright piano for sale; In good condi-
tion. 136 Second st.. Pan Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL new pUnos. Hm up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2106 Fillmore st.
A BARGAIN: good upright piano: guaranteed
for S years. Call IS Bartlett st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos, this week: Steinway.
Knatx- and others. cnVENX. 2W Pnst st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must re sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE plann*: Sfeck. .Ha rdrcan. Con-
o«r end other*. TVil<y B. Allen Co.. 311 Post. .
BARO A IN— Hurt brt sold: nice" upriuht f>tan<*j|
SCHMITZ. H McAty«?er yt.. next Hib. Bank:
A NEARLY new grant uprlsrht cheap: brilllan*.
powerful tone. HORNCNO. 216 M<?AU:»*.er.
BYRON MAITZT. a«rer-.-y Schm>r & Co.. l!yr>>n
Mauxy.'Cabler and Sp*ilman pianos, 503 Test.GIVES MOBTAX J WQTJND
TO _CTS AGED PARTNER
William Makin ; Claims : the Killing
* o£-Peter;_CcAda_is Near] Kings
: dty; "Was • Accidental.
KINGSaCITY, ;\ March ; 20.— Peter Mc-
Adams.an old man of about 70 years, Hv
ingr i on a* * Government "claim " six > miles
southwest •: of : here.^was ' shot ¦, In the "abdo-
Roadster.
* PETALUMA, March 20.— E. RJ Healy, a
Petaluma | photographer, owns a valuable
rosd horse and for this animal Healy to
day wept bitter :tears. V The horse was
adorned by a beautiful sweeping tail. Mr.
Healy yesterday drove the animal to To
males, and while he was transacting hia
business In the house of. a- farmer th©
horse was hitched in the stable. ¦
Now In that stable there was a young 1
calf. The youngster was of an inquisitive
turn of mind. Hardly had Healy left the
buiiding ' when ¦ the calf be?an a critical
survey -ot> the horse."*" After a close
pcrutiny-lt picked. upon the beautiful tail
of the horse as worthy of '¦ its attention.
When Mr. Healy returned, to the barn he
found his fine roadster shorn of half of
its 'ulterior, adornment.* -The calf' had
chewed -off ; all ¦ the?; hair -and "only the
stump remained q unscathed.
Spoils the Appearance of a Petaluma
Photographer's Handsome
PRECOCIOUS CALF DINES
UPON A HORSE'S TAIL
W H i Hlbbard, NY
G W Lrtice, Los Ang
E J Couper, Minnaplis
J Sparks, Reno
P J Hevemer & w, St
Paul
Mrs N Hoffman, St P'l
L H Marahan. Ptland
P A Daly, Philadelphia
A G Bootle & w, Cal.
L D Mayo, Los Ang
J C Schulte, N Y
R G Brown & w, Cal
Mr Wilks & w, Canada
C J Hughes Jr & w,
Denver
Misa B Hughes, Denvr
FA Lears, Concord
AT Lowenthal, NY
Mrs A G ' Calthorpe,
Victoria
Miss A N ,Tripp, Vic
C D Parker & w. Mo
H S Ferguson & w,
Kansas City
H Werrheimer Jr. N Y
A M Cooke,' Chicago
C D Helneman, Ohio
T R Neil. N Y
F W Bradley, Redlnds
Miss M R Foster, Ohio
A R Whitney & w, NY
Miss Whitney, N Y
S-H Strawn & w, Chgo
C A Weed. NY
Miss S Weed, N Y
H WTuck & w. N Y
H Krauss & w, Chgo
Mrs E T Coward. N Y
Miss Rldgway, Phila
H G Flits. Cal
N L Grlswold & w. Ills
J W Knox, Merced
J D Schuyler.r L Ang ¦
J H Yost, Stanford
D S Bunsenade & w,
Connecticut • :
O J Hammond, Florida
W Warr & w., Colorado
C'Llnkenback;*Los An
M Whitney, Los Ang
C A Smith. Minneapols
Mrs L. S McBride, Mont
C H McKenzie. Maine
Mr & Mrs Townsend,
London.
Rev A Li Sharpe, Liond
J E Logue.N Y
G E Nichols, Boston
F W, Murphy, Denver
T Jackson & w, Ohio
E T Evans & w, N Y
J Band & w, N Y
Miss Helger, N Y
C S Band. N Y :
E Pfarrier & w, N Y
Mrs A C Stewart, Mo
Mrs G H Williams, Mo
MI$s I Lankenberg, Mo
Miss G L Ramsey, Mo
W'J'La Roche. N Y
DC Fouss, NY
J M Kaufman, N Y
Miss Jorgensen, N Y
A Klous, Chicago
Com D D V Stuart, V
S N
Mrs D D V Stuart, NY
Daniel D V Stuart. NY
Com P S Phelps Jr. U
S N
A Marks. Uklah
Raymond Excursionists.
II O Barnett & w
J E2 Blake
F E Tilts
A. a sfi&rpc de vw
V C Stout
Miss A L> I^nkenback
Mrs A M Zana
Miss W H Zana
Dr II B Castleberry
Mrs H B Castleberry
Miss Carrie Circus
Miss Amy Johns
W A Avery & w
Mrs A Davis
W E Davis
George Hodgman & w
Mrs H H- Watson
Miss E Watson
A S Hecht & w
S D Bennett & w
Miss E Bennett
E V Corson & w
J F Stevens & w
W H Donence & w
Miss B Donenee
G II Hughes &. w
C M Upson & w
II H Peck
C R Bradley
A Bennett & w
W T Woodruff & w
Mlsa Marie Woodruff.
B Hemingway & w
MIbs H L Hemingway
N F Allen & w
Mrs C E Billings
Mrs F W Spencer
Miss May Spencer •
Miss L F Foster
Miss Laura I/ewls"
Mrs E3 Cunan
Dr P I.i Schenck & w
Mrs H F Simons
Miss M K Simons
Miss X, B White
Mrs E G Dickinson
Mrs W II Livingston
J S William*
Miss A B Williams
Miss K Donovan
Mlsa M M Dunnigan
John Dunnigan
C H Kathan
H B Stewart
Mrs H L Perry
GRAND HOTEL.
H Thorp. Sacto
R M Lockwood & • w,
Milan
I L. Sears, Hanford
L. Strube. Cal •
J T Prince & w, Ga
Nancy Prince, Ga -
NIel Prince, Ga - '
A J Pillsbury. Tulare
D J Zan, Portland
T E Hunt, El Paso
W A Zimmerman. O
T N. Jamison, CJhicago
R M Fogson, Tejon Rh
R T Covert, Modesto
A K Detwiler & w, O
H Wilson & w. O
Mrs Miner, Colo
Mrs McCormtck, -Colo
R Watchom, DC p
O Woodward & (nr.
Woodward's Island
A H Hart, NY j
W H Braden, Portland
J Logmorslne, Ventura;
J Ij Oliva, Ventura
J Hutton & w. Minn
Miss Hutton, Minn
C A Hitchcock. NY
F O Hihn, Santa Cruz
W H Harkness. Chlcgo
J Blankfleld, N Y
D Haggerty & w, Ala
J ParsonB, L Ang
J Uhlcher. 8 Luis Ob
G Harvey, Omaha
O Bancroft, Cincinnati
F W Glabough. Omaha
F J Menshaw, Omaha
Dr. Bailey, Suisun
C Klrby & w; Denver'
A Haltfman. Denver
lv Labaise. Sonora
J D Smith. Redwood
Mrs Anderson, Sit Lke
Mrs Holzhelmer. Sit L
M H Cornell, git Lke
T 3 Hlett, Sacfo
D S Ralph. Sacto
D R Gray & w. Sit Lk
Dr Crosa," Stockton. }
A J Patten, Xapa
A . J Laeaon. I>odl
R T NIckerson & w,
Sonoma
J. Craig, w & c, Hlghld
Springs
L, F Myers. N Y
W-- C.Foster, Chicago
C W Stults, N Y
E E Condo. Sacto
C H Brampton, Chlcgo
A H Baldwin. D C
J K Paine, Salt Lie
J S Culver, Ills
J J McLaughlln. Trnto
W KnlKht. Redwood
O G Scharf. Chicago
J Brewer. Iowa
F R Daniel & w. Z, Ag
C Beckwith, Sacto
J J Stanton, Sacto .
G W Pierce, Davlsvllle
F P Spelgee. Seattle
Dr Gibson. Orovllle
S P Poland, San Jose
S W McKlnn, Sacto ¦
N A StepHenson, Sacto
J H Galllran, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEI^.
R Ijyle, Cincinnati
O J Hanlon, Chicago
J A Melder, Chicago
H C Anderson, Hono
J Tennyson, Ky
J H Hoesen, Vallejo
P Doyle, Vallejo
W R Mitchell, Helena
J H Mitchell. N Y
J Leclair, N Orleans
J H Stemor. San Diego
P Dayle, NY
A P Tugwell. Tacoma
G Bailey. N Orleans
A Sylvester, Cal
G G Gould & w, I* A
G Symonds Ss. vr~ l> A
V? M Younkens, S Dieg
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEI*
REDWOOD CITY, March 20.— The South
ern Pacific ; Railroad - Company has com
menced an action against James Crowe,
as the administrator of the estate of Au
gusta Appolt, to condemn a piece of land
thirty feet wide and two hundred and
sixty feet long in this city. The strip is
on the west side of the railroad track and
parallel with the present right of way.
The land Is desired for double track pur
poses.
This is the second action of th© kind
commenced in San Mateo County, the
first being against A. P. Johnson of Bel
mont. ¦ Unless j-froperty owners and the
railroad company can arrive at satisfac
tory .terms a number of similar sulta will
be commenced. A great many grants of
rights of way have been made to the
company by holders of larld along the line
of the present track, and negotiations are
now pending for others.
Brings Action to Condemn a Strip of
* Land In Redwood
City.
SOUTHERN' PACTFIO STJES
- FOB BIGHT OF WAY
men by his partner, "William Makin, to
day and- died '-av short time afterward.
Makin says, the shooting was accidental.
No one was present except the two part
ners. Makin \ has beep arrested and a
Coroner's Jury ¦ will probably exonerate
him. - j
THE SAN FB AN CISCO OAiL; THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1901.
11
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
. of Fan Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Su^ar Company, a cor-
poration, upon its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,397. Dept. • 10.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed ty a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of 1 the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution 'of said
corporation: and that Monday. March 25th,
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10, in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 2Cth day of February. 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. _. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William J. Rohrer, 23. 2431 Folsom street,
and Laura E. Tilton, 22, 676 Chestnut street.
Leon M. Lang. 23, 29 John street, and Fan-
nie Morris, 22. 29 John street.
Abraham Davidson, SO, Sioux City, la., and
Meta Asher, 20, city. .
Fred W. Huber. 22, Newman, and Rae M.
Whorf. 16, 116A Eleventh street.
. Frank E. Johaneon, 26, 249 Stevenson street,
and Mary Gundstrom, 26. 1676 Washington St.
Isaac A. L. Osborn, 25, city, and Pauline
Joseph, 25, 629 Octavia street.
John R. Impey, 2S, 1041 Church street, and
Minerva A. Van Doren, 24, 2327 Mission street.
Edward Lotter, 33, 640 Stevenson street, and
Carrie K. Nielsen, 23. 6S3A Minna street.
Honore Dourie. 23. 2325 Pine street, and
Janne Pourtau, 24, 1623 FIHmore street.
Jen Yen, 45, S46 Washington street, and Horn
Moi. 23, 717 Dunont street.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
BOBN.
HARRIS— In this city. March 6, 1901. to the
wife of Norman C. Harris, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city, March 11, 1901, to th*
wife of W. J. s O'Brien, a eon.
BPEERS— In this city, March IS, 1901, to the
wife of Harry II. Speers, a son.
YOUNG-In San Rafael. March 11. 1901, to the
wife of Alex J. Ycune. a son. . .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication- offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MABRIED.
FOGEI-r- SCHUDMACK— In this city, March 3.
1901. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Jack S. Fogel
and Pearl Schudmack, both ot San Fran-
cisco.
HARRISON— BARTHROP— In this city, March
20, 1901, at Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. 8. D.' HutslnpIUer,
Thomas It. Harrison and Clara Barthroiv
both cf San Francisco.
MARKS— FLEISCHMAN— In this city, March
17. 1901. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Jacob
MRrks and Henriette Flelschman. both of
San Francisco.
SCHNEIDER— LEISEP.-In this city. March
10, lljOl. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel
Schneider and Rosalind Leiser. both of San
Francisco.
SMITH-THOMAS— In this city. March 17, 1901,
at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. S. D. Hutslnolller, James Smith
and Florence Thomas, both of San Fran-
cisco. - . . .
STOLTZ-SAVANNAH— In this city. March 17.
1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Emanuel M.
Stoltz and Belle £avannah, both of San
Francisco.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2525 Nineteenth street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. ' Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. --• • • • - - ¦ • ¦ ¦ - • • ~
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COOLBAUGH— In Oakland. March 19. 1901,
Ellen Teresa Coolbau^h, mother of the Rev.
F. C. Coolbaugh of Lafayette, Ind.. and Mrs.
W. E. Jones and Mrs. Louise Getchell of
Minneapolis. Minn., a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 81 years and 1 month. . -
COONEY— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Michael Cooney at Sacred Heart Church, to-
morrow (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock.
DALY — In Nashville, Tenn., March 12, 1901.
Thomas V. Daly, brother of Patrick Daly of
I'lumns County, John Daly of Hcaldsburg
and Peter Daly of San Francisco, a native
• of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 45 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother. Peter Daly, 2S24 Clay
Etreet, thence to Bt. Dominic's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DEAN— Tn thi3 city, March 20. 1901. Elizabeth
Margaret Clara Dean, beloved wife of James
Dean, a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 1.0 attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 818 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
DONAHUE— In this city, March 20. 1901, at
the residence of hia mother, 883 Linden ave*
nue, between Gough and Octavia streets,
Joseph Donahue, dearly beloved son of Eliza
and the late Henry Donahue, and ¦ beloved
brother of John, Harry. Essie, Andrew, Mar-
• gte, Eleanor, Germoln and Eugene Donahue,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 yean 11
month's and 1 day.
EIDENMULLER— In this city. March 20. 1901,
Candida, dearly beloved wife of the late
Henry Eldenmuller, devoted daughter of
Pletro and Maria Caatagnetto, and sister of
Mrs. L. Morris and August Castagnetto, a
native of Italy.
ENGLISH— In Eureka, Cal.. March 15. 190L
Somers rB. " English, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 31 years.
FINN-In this city, March 18, 190lT Mary,
relict of the late James Finn, beloved mother
of Elena, Jerome and May • Klnn, Mrs. J.
Kalllch and Mm. P. A. Gay of Portland.
Or., and sister of Rodxer, William, Patrick
and Arthur J. Ahern, a native -of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARLSON— In this city. March 18, 1901, Carl
Carlson, a native of Sweden, aged 41 years
& months and 13 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence tp Notre Dame des Vlctolres French
Church, Bush street, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. >
BOSWELLr-In this city, March 13, 1901. George
• E., beloved husband of Katie A. Boswell,
and father of Amadora and George Boswell,
a native of Georgia, aged 27 years.
C?Remalns at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 403 Powell street, near
Post. - ¦ . • . . . - ' . ¦
BATSERE— In this city, March 19. 1901, Jean
BatBere, beloved husband of Mrs. M. Bat-
' sere, and father of Mrs. C. F. Schrelber and
Jose. Genie and Sadie Bstsere, a native of
France, aged 68 years. . . ¦ . ¦
ANDERSON— In Alameda, March 19/ 1901,
James Anderson, a native of Basel, Switzer-
land, aged 39 years and 7 "months.
DIED.
Anderson, James Johnson. Swan
Batsere. Jean Kilpatrlck. Mary
Bos-well, GeorKe E. Lambert. Hazel
Carls an. Carl Lavln, Edward H.
Coolbaugh. Ellen T. McGrary. I'atrick
Cooney. Michael Munro. William A.
Daly, Thomas V. Murphy, Miriam J.
Dean, Elizabeth M,C. Phillip*. Frank R.
Donahue, Joseph Reldy, Katie
Eidenmuller, Cadlda [ nines. Dr. Chas. H.
English, Somers S. ' Slml, I^eone
Finn. Mary Smith. Hay A. .
Gleeson. Mrs. H. , Speck, Kram J.
Goff, Lucius M. t-ulllvan, Thomas F.
Graham. John Tungate, ' John B.
Grondona, Azella L. Turner, George
Holland. Alfred N. Vetter. May I*
Hardnady. Mary Vo^es. Emma
Hprnby, Anna Weymouth, Mrs. T.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
Th« undertaking business of the la to CHAS.
J. B. METZLER will hereafter be conducted
under the came firm name of i CHAS. J. B.
METZLER. at 636 Washington St.. San Fran-
cUco, byiH. METZLER."; proprietor .-
• San Francisco, Cal.. March 11,* 1901. ¦
MARCH 11, 1M1— I have this day sold my ln-
-terest in the undertaking business of CHAS.
>'J. B. METZLER to H. METZLER; and am
s ;not ' responsible for ¦• any outstanding. 1 debts;
-CHAS.VL.- METZLER.
NOME,
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
s. s. jeTainie,
¦ : :.,.;P. H. MASON, Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T. L. ELLIS, Master.
, Will leave San Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE groes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 28.
8. S. VALENCIA, J. M. Lane. Master, leaves
San Francisco May !4, 1901. and Seattle May
"0. .1901, .for Nome, Teller, Behrlng, Golofnln,
etc. . . • .
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO..
SO CALIFORNIA ST..' SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
IIT T0BK. 80TJTHA-PT0R, X0XD0N. PABIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
St. Louis April -3 St. Louts April 24
New Tork April 10 New York May 1
RED STAR LINBl
•N«w York and Antwam.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland Mar. 27|Westernland ...April 17
Friesland April 31 Kensington ....April 24
Southwark April 101 Zeeland May 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent,
Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honkgong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS HONKONG MARU..Tuesday, April 9. 1901
PS. NIPPON MARU .Friday, May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.Wednesday, May 29. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
VVVUIMUVVtWVVI DIRECT USE 10 TAHITI
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ..".......
,. Thursday. March 21, 2 p.. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
"Wednesday, March 27. 9 d. in.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6. J p. m.
I D.SPREGXELS & EROS. CO., 6raera! Agents. 327 Market St
Sen 1 ! Passengsr OfliM, 643 Hsrkrt St., Pfcr Ha. 7, Pacifi: St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Tvvln-Scraw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria April 111 Columbia May 2
Deutschland ...April 18|F. Bismarck .May 9
Twin-Screw/ Passengsr Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ...Mar. 30 Pretoria April 13
•Bulgaria April 6l 'Phoenicia April 20
'Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hornburg-Amerlcar) Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street.
COtlPAGNIS GENEEALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _vtj_
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, --3"*M_f4
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. $35 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, S Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AHD VALLEJO.
Sten— >?r "Mojiticeilo.**
MON., Tues.. "Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landins and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
RAIIi WAY TBA VEI«.
_5«LilLSl i"*w
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. >~ \v-
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:29 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
•.*•- Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
•• Vlsalla . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
'.;•• Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
- " Kan. Cty 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond.
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also fa'.acs
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrive* at 6:55 p. m. dally.
. 7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
. Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
lapd. -<¦
{CHICAGO. I
/"LESS * ha *
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A, M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
T"\OU r BLB Dravrng-^pom Slitting
I J Cars,' Buff tt, Smokt/tg and Library
•*— ' Cars, with barbtr. Dining Cars—
mtalt a h carls. Daily Tourist Car
Strvice and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions eviry vtih from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. Tht hist of tvtrything.
n, Ft. RITCHIE
617 Market St. General Agent Tneljto Oxut
Palace Hotel Bjt.tr rSAUVISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMllUt F««y.
Commencing September 20, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI__Y
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS— «:55. »9:15. . 11:0© _ m.. "1:45.
1:16. 4:00, 6:15, *6:15, 6:40 p. re. -
E^TRA TRIPS-For -- Mill- Vallty aad San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and "Satur-
days nt 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. ¦ ¦ . \-
SUNDAYS— »8:00. »10:00. •_:» a. m.. «1:1J.
8:15, »4:45, 6-: 30, 9:00 p.m. ,
¦ Trains marked (*) run to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK .DAYS— 5:20. *t:SO, 7:45. 9:S0 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *2:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, *S:W. »10:00, »H:« a. m..
•1:40, *2:15, 4:45,»6:S0 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San - Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— fi:45. - 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 _ m..
12:35, 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 6:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. -10:05 a. m., 12:05. J:15. 1:30.
6:00. 6:45 p. m. » • ._ .
; THROUGH TRAINS.
6 :E5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. . : - .
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales aad . way
stations. . .. • . - -
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales aad -way
stations.
PACIFIC! STEAK NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0MPANIA BCD AMERICANA DE VAP0RE8
To ¦ "Valparaiso, - stopping at - Mexican* Central
'"'¦ and South* American ports, r Bailing:
S9.^ TUCAPEL.. ... : . .............. . .March 22, 1901
S8.'AREQUIPA.... ......April 4. 1901
SS. LIMARI.......... ......April 17. 1901
S3. PERU;. ...-..-.:.....»;;.-..... .......April —.1901
•¦¦' r -At 12 m.' f rom Section 2, Seawall. *,
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and v South r American, passenger . service. (No
change at' Acapulco or Panama.) l Freight 'and
passenger office. -816 California street. "
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO., Agents.
27 and 29 Fifth it. TeL Bouth 1(7. ,
rUNERAL DIBECT0R3 AHD SKBALKKBl.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. :
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
BirSICAX .'XSTnniEXTS~Con.
A FEW new pianos fcr J150: second-
hand from J30. BENJ CURTAZ & SON. .
36 O'Farrell et. Chickering and Vos« agency.
AT KEEFFE'S. S~ Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own frlce. Bhonlnger agency.
pfPERinp. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLKR. roeker. repairer. 2 Latham pi ace.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
iltRGE elegant store; cement basement; MS
Valencia «t.. near £lst; will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or interlcr to suit
r^od tenant. ¦.,¦,"-
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOpTTlTZ. 330 Pine St.
UEMBKU PP.ODUCHUS" OIL KXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
r.UXTEttS AXD DGCORATORS.
WALL paper, \rinrtow shades; rooms papered, {3
up. Jensen & Bath. 50* Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from J3 up; city or country.
Hsrtman Paint Co.. 219 31 St.: tel. Red 3S21.
PALMISTRY.
H^JEROMElFOFSELiX^cTerrtinc palmist. 515
Taylor Ft., bet. Geary arc! Post: tel. Clack 561.
PATENTS A.\D PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charg-e unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPPELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
Ctoddard'* Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the fiesh, nerves or mus-
Cle*. prepared and eold only by MRS. N.
•TOK1AHD. main office 1137 Geary St.. nr.
fr*rik:in; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1518
X&rket, epp- Van Nesa ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt, attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your ha!r Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary 6t.. and you
¦will not be dlearpclnted; this remedy Is posi-
tively g-uarar.teed ; call cr send for circular.
RAG carpets wove to crder and for Bale: also
cher.!lle-wove rues, silk portieres ; dealer In
carpet, twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. T09 FUth.Oakland.
ALL klnfls cf bamboo fancy work to order.
HQR1SHIMA & CO.. :« Ellis; tel. Red 1368.
WAITED— Address of NELLIE WARD, house-
maid. Box 2447, Call offlce.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 16
rears' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie Bt.
A— 13 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. SI 75. Popu-
Sar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
KINE rults. J10; dress pants, J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. C7 Montgomery st.
fl WEEKLY; suits to crder from genuine
Scotch. $15 v.z>; fine diess suits. $M up; ele-
ffant overcoats. J15 up. LEON Li:MOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third «t.. n«- Market: 700 rooms;
£Sc to 11 M per nirht; Jl to to JS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beJs. Fir.gle, three-quarter
or double, tt IS. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S1C-12Z2 Stockton rt.. r.rar Broadway.
ECIiOOL to learn halrdr»E£'.:ig, hair work, man-
leurir.r; private lessor.* or claw. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
JAiTES' Detective Bureau. IT! Montgomery et..
•room 21; phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
EPRING s:y!es Sta-iiard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" ofSce. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
MAEQUEKADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country crcers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. T23 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1115 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; JSc; a!l druggists.
ALKREDt-'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to ::s natural color; SI; at all drurglets.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Ca!l. 16 pages, Ee&t to aay address in the
Urritea States cr Cer.ala cn« rear for $1.
r^gtare paid.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21V4 Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WON'O HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
_E All ESTATE CITY— FOR 3ALJ3.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN* THIS LIBT.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., «67 Market st.
J2100— Four email fiats; all rested for *30; half
each.
i:"3~Trro rp!es£!d Cats; rented' $_; near
£!rth.
tuoo— Saeraaieato Bt., east of Powell; rents
JT5 net; cr.e tenant 12 rears.
1211,0 — Two nlc« flats, 5 rooms each; half-
t!ock from Market et.
J25P9— Three rlc« flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission eta.; pays 10 per cent.
SitOO— Ccraer; 4CxS0. with good 10-room house;
Hyfle «t.
1750O— Larkin at., fiats, sear Butter; annual
rent J7C0.
J750&— Four brand new Cata, east of Van Ne«s
ave. : a.3! rented J72.
SSiOO — Business property; Ninth «t., sear Mls-
elon; rents J45.
$11,005— ilascn-st. corner; reduced from J14,-
(X/-. lot 82xS2 feet, ar.d improvements; must sell.
$11. 000— flora and two strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
J12.600— Leavenworth St.; rents J105; lot 65-
foot front.
fH.OGO-Ttaret elegant Cats; rented for ;i40;
ewell locality.
tit. 000— Near Howard and Third sts.; rents
STOO; bank rcortrase $20,000; lot 4Sxl60.
SJS.000 — Business property of 4 etores aad 8
fats; rents $£0; let 7SxS0 feet.
J3S.00O-M!E£ion-et. corner; 170x160; actually
worth SSi.OGO; must eell at ence.
1 10. OCC— Corner; Golden Gate ave.: _7:6x_7:S;
rent* J2«.
CE.OOO — Grand corner; 69-foot front; few
fc'.odcs Orpfce-jm; pays ( per cent net.
175,000— Graad corner; CO-foct front; within
block cf Tlvoll; old improvements; rents $400.
Other barr&ins.
Apply A. M. SPECIE & CO.. 667 Market »t.
CEE OUR ICEW BTJNSET BLOCKS.
Cheapest anfl choicest lots ever o3ered.
Ot Seventh, Eighth, Ninth avenues and K St
*S00. »K0 to *753.
Or.'.y {SO down, {10 monthly.
All graCel, ready to build on. Eplenfied view cf
Park and Ocean. * '
Don't _!sa this opportunity for bargains.
Sunset branch office. Ninth avenue, near H
etreet. Open every ity and Sunday.
f470 to tTSO— Choice Richmond lots — S10 monthly.
J75. $100 to 5210: best Ocean boulevard lota; $5
—OEihiy; se'ect them now.
1130— Mission lots, near cars; II monthly.
fTSO, tlOOO to S3N; modern cottages; Sunset,
Richmond or Mirs'on; all bargains; easy
tama.
6C_ GETZ — BROTHER.
Boom £4, Chronicle bulldlnc
fSTSO— PACIFIC Height* lot ready to build on.
THE McCARTKY CO., US Market Bt.
FOR sale—* lots and Imp.; J1000 cash or long
time. Adflrets bcx £511, Call office. V . t
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and tha
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. £30 California.
MODERN cGttages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE K. SALSBDRY,
bu'.laer; office 1321 Market et
IF yea r.ave lota to *ell north of the Park.
then ran on W. J. OtrfCN. tSO California «t.
REAL -STATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
rOR sale in Contra Costa. County— 30 acre*;
en attractive cJUBtry home, highly Improved
and productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
tiious dwelling house, 6 roomt and bath;
email house for workmen and two fine barns:
cut bulldines; there are 4SU0 fruit trees of
following variet!«s: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
Bimmor.s, plums, apples, olive nnd fig; trees
cisht years old and in full bearing; abund-
ance cf shade trees.
There are fevera! natural springs, also well
«n<3 tank cf 10.000 gallons, which supplies
hr»se and grounds; also a live creek. It Is
elftatcd not far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms, 5S000 cash payment, balance
can remain en mortgage for 3 years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept rood city
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery tt.; city.
FOR tale or rent— S2S acres near coal mine;
oil belt; BUltable for cattle, hog*, bees and
chickens. C. E. CARTER, Bradley. Monte-
rey County, Cal.
M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market et., by Call bldg.
Printed llrts; city and country property
for sale and exchange. Please call.
A— FINE 6-rootn flat, all new furniture; only
t2C0 LOXALD INVEST. CO.. 850 Market et.
WHITE J. W. HORN, m Main. Petaluma. for
fr»e copy of Bonotna Co. real »tate bargains.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
IN exchange for E. F. property, a lovely home
!n beautliul Berkeley, near the lilJls; house
of 8 roocif; In thoioug-h order; lot _Oxl45.
Arply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, ad-
joining Portofflcf . Berkeley. ,
PAVING ranch, near Oakland, exchange for
city income property. Apply C02 Mission st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
' .*• "-"i OAKLAND RE At. ESTATE.
$100 CASH. ?10 monthly: lot 100x200 rt.; candy
loam noil; assorted orchard in full bearing:
also pmall vineyard; S-room cottage, windmill,
50.000 gallon tank; Al water: large barn,
chicken houses and outhouves; immense shade
trees, shrubbery and flowers surrounding; this
is a rare property In a very delightful ppot;
Laurel Grove Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
near a fine 3-etory schoolhouse; away from
cold winds and tog; near Laurel Grove ave.,
on* School st.; here is a lovely spot for a home,
¦which you can net on rental basis; price, all
told. 11200. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth rt.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JOXEP, Owner.
$225— LOT in Lorln; S00 ft. from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour service to
San Francisco same time to city as from 7th
• and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
sold. A. J. SXYDER. 467 Xlnth St.. Oakland.
'< $5000— A MAGN'IFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.; 8 rooms and bath: modern; lot 50x125.
A. J. SXYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR BALE— House and lot. East Oakland; no
reasonable offer refused. Owner, J. L>. WAL-
TER, 629 South Spring st., Los Angeles.
OAKLAND FCRXITIUE FOR SALE.
AN" introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the-
furnlture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IlOO3IS~FOIt HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414—3 sunny connecting unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms: sink and bath.
EDDT, SJ9 — Large newly papered rooms; reg-
ular kitchen; private residence; no children.
HOWARD, E34B. nr. 4th— 2 unfurnished sunny
front rooms: light housekeeping; reasonable.
LAGUNA, IS03, near Union — i furnished house-
keeping rooms to 2; no children; |12. ,
LEXINGTON' ave.. 376. bet. 20th and 21st— 3
sunny adjoining rooms, kitchen; complete.'
MARTHA Place, ICo. 3. oft Geary, near Ma-
son—Three sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms for rent reasonable.
McALLISTER, 2000. corner Central ave.— Two
eunny rooms furnished for housekeeping;
sink: 110.
XOE, 153 — 3 connecting rooms In modern lower
flat; larse kitchen, range, sink, yard; $16.
OCTAVIA. 1103. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room. SS; large eunny room and kitchen com-
plete for |12.
SECOXD. 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable.
CLASSIFIKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. :200 Flllrnore gt.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfurn.
ARGYLE, The (just opened). McAllister St.,
corner Larkin— Elegant and tastefully fur-
nished suites, with or without batha; also
«ngle rooms: steam heated; liveried service;
reading-room; electric elevator all night:
these rooms have to b» seen to be appre-
ciated; references; rooms shown In evening.
ROOMS * : TO LET.
A — For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nlEhed, unfurnished, with or without board.
\ finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny St.. tel. 2T4 Red.
AHLBORN T HOTEL. 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms COe up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms',
itc to Jl per night; tl 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. _ -
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old Xo. 13C4J— Fur-
nished mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant, eunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 1348—2 newly furnished sunny rooms;
private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny roorns, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 305— Single room, use of parlor,
piano, II; 2 rooms, light housekpg., range, 110.
HARRISON. 7S4H. nr. 4th-Flnely furnished
runny rooms; bath; conveniences; |1 week up.
HYDE. 19— Large sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished, to respectable party; bath and tel.
JONES, 511 — Kewly furnished sunny rooms for
gents only.
MARKET. 1053. opp. Jones — Furnished sunny
rorr.s, einrle or double; bath.
MINNA, 6€7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, E61, near Second— Large front room
suitable for 2; rent cheap.
K ATOM A, 2S4, near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms;
water, sink, closets.
SEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK. 118— Sunr.y front room furnished for light
housekeeping; closet; one person, $5.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, Ml— Nicely furnished room for 1
or 2 persons.
POST. 115— Elegant rooms, $2 50 to $8 a week;
gentlemen preferred.
ROTAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 £0; week, ?2 to
JS; month. $S to *30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to 11; week. $1 25 to M: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., nr.
Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN. 233 Kcarny-Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
VAN XESS ave.. 141&— Newly furnished front
suite and single room; gas, bath; telephone.
VAN NESS, 1612— Elegant sunny alcove, newly
furnished, with connecting dressing room;
aleo large sunny room; gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California Bt., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and elghtly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS WAVTED.
SUITE of rooms with board for gentleman,
wife ahd year-old child; state terms. Box
2501. Call office.
SPECIAL >OTICES^
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are th« best: safe, reliable: take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall: at drug-
glsta. ChlcheBter Chemical Co., Philadal., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad?;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19: tel. SS80.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plarobeck. 1815 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT. BCld, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint S.
SnOW CARDS AND POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. - DES-
1IOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 1320 Flllmore Ft.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
eion Et.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission »t.;
tel. Main 1M0; shipping at cut rates.
TIlt'iSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 603 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS -AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPETVRITERS^TV>
veil better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
_____ _________ , __
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 3S New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., March 20,
1S01. Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., April 20,
ISO!, and then opened for ' furnishing and
storing here 150.000 gallons Mineral Oil, 131*
flash teat. In cases of two flve-rallon cans
each. Preference will be given to articles of
. domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of mice and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of - foreign productions
the duty thereon) and such preference given
to articles of American production and man-
ufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States -re-
serve* the 'right to accept or reject any or all
' proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes will be endorsed "Proposals for
Mineral Oil," and addressed Major OSCAR
F\ LONG. Quarterin&ster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
Has" opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
st., bet Taylor and Jones. Tel. South 676.
REMEMBER 214 -Eddy eV la on ,the rljht-
hand side of the street going from Market.
McGinn
JAMBS
Cabin, $105; Steeraffe. v $4O.
S. S. Argry 11 sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. B. -—--— sails Tuesday, April 16^
From wharf," foot of .Lombard st," ; at=2*p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market at,
F.F.CONNOR,; Pacific Coast Agent. >
iPANAMAiR; mfflSf >
To NEW YORK Via PANAMA Direct
(Euccesror to Flannacan & Gallagher.) -
V DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mfr.
FTJN'KRAL DIItECTORS AND EMHALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all - points » in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ¦
E. C. WARD, General Affent,
1 Montgomery st.
PAQE $12 first Class including Berth
iHnuSS Second Class ¦¦« ai)d Meals. .
COLUMBIA ¦alls..'.......: ....Mar. 24.* Apr. 3
GEO.- W. ELDER sails.;.. ......Mar. 29, Apr. 8
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
©IBPATCH ; FAST STEAMEItS TO
!RO _R; T 1 X_ -A. ISriD
THE 0. R. & B. CO.
10, Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ . Steamers leave Broadway
¦fc_ wharf, San Francisco:
«abs_. F° r Alaskan Ports— 11 n. m.,
BSBiaB&hi: March 22. 2T, April 1. Change
¦ffi»j£3g3i!Jk to company's steamers at Se-
H^Sttl^al Fo1 " Victoria. Vancouver (B.
|raa%r*Lgraai C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
I ''iHUjMSMf*! Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
nnd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
'""¦* 11 4. m.. March 22, 27, April
1, and every fifth day thereafter. -~ Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., March
24, 29, April 3, and every- fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stripping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 4 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
• For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a.m.; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 8 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata-, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company'3
folders.
The company s reeerves the right, to ; change
steamers. - sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previou* notice. .
TICKET- OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agts.,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
CTThe funeral will take place to-tnorrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors iof
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORNBY— In Oakland, March 19. 1901, at 51
Kcho avenue, Anna Hornby, widow of the
late Otcar K.. Hornby, a native of Kansas,
aged 43 years 3 months and 8 days.;
JOHNSON— In tWs city. March 19. 1901. Swan
Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 37 years
and 10 days.
K1LPATRICIC— In this city, March 19. 1901,
I Mary,; beloved wife of the late David Kilp'at-
- rick, nnd mother of William, David, George
and Arthur Kilpatrlck. Mrs. T. <i. -Griffin,
Mrs. John Leitch and the late 'Mary Scadden,
a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
1C7" Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Stanford street. Interment Moun-
tain View • Cemetery. Oakland, via the 11
o'clock creek boat. ¦ .¦
LAMBERT— In this city, March 20, 1301, Hazel,
beloved daughter of William and Mario Lam-
bert, ar.d sister of Edith. Amy, Nellie and
Will Lambert, a native of California.
LAVIN— In this city. March 20. 1901, Edward
II., beloved son of Edward and Mataura
Lavin. and brother of Dora, Willie, Mamie
and Mabel Lavin, a native of OreBon, aged
¦ 20 years 4 months and 12 days. ,\ ¦
tC7"Notlce ot funeral -hereafter.
McGRARY— In this city. March 19, 1901, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen McGrary, and
stepfather of James E. Collins, a native o£
the parish of ITrney. County Tyrone. Ire-,
land, aged 38 years. (Philadelphia, Pa., pa-
pers please copy.) .
Zy Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Longshoremen's Protective Associa-
tion are respectfully ; Invited to attend tho
funeral Sunday, March 24, at 12:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Mar-
ket street, between Eighth and Ninth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUNRO — There will be a solemn requiem high
¦ mass offered up in St. Rcss's Church to-mor-
row (Friday), commencing: Rt 9 o'clock, for
the repose of the soul of William A. Munro,
who lost his life on the City of Rio de Ja-
neiro on the 22d of February last. May his
soul rest in peace. ¦ Amen. All frlend3 are
respectfully Invited.
MURPHY-In this city. March 19. 1901. Miriam
Josephine, only and darling baby of Joseph
A. and Blanche Duane Murphy, a* native of
San Francisco, aged 10 months and 14 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
. of her parents, 603 Green street. Interment
private.
PHILLIPS— In West Berkeley, March 20, 1901.
Frank R.. infant son of George H. and Jen-
nie E. Phillips, a native of West Berkeley,
aged S months and 33 days.
(ET Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2:S0 o'clock, at 1732
San Pablo avenue. West Berkeley. Interment
"• private In Mountain View Cemetery.
REIDT — In this city, Katie Reldy. who was
drowned on the Hio de Janeiro, dearly be-
' loved sister of Mrs.. J. Flynn and Mrs. J.
' Bradley, a native of Knocklopty, County
Tlpperary. Ireland. There will be a requiem
high maea for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, at Mission Dolores
Church, to-morrow (Friday). Friends and
acquaintances -are .invited to attend. .
RINES— In' this - city. March 20.' 1901, Dr.
Charles II.. beloved husband of, Carrie Ma-
thilda Rlnes. brother of John Rlnes of Seattle,
nnd twin brother of the late Joshua R.
Rlne3, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 67 years
10 months and 14 days.
E3"Remaln» at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. .
SIMI-In this city, March 19. 1901, Leone Siml,
beloved son of Ottilio and Isabella Slrnl, a
native of San Francisco.
SMITH— In this city. March 20. 1901. Ray A.,
beloved son of Hugh and the late Sarah
Smith, ¦ a native of San Francisco, aued 9
months and 15 days.
SPECK— In this city. March 20. 1901. 'Franz
' Joseph Speck, beloved husband of the late
Katherlne Speck, and father of Mrs. J. Jar-
dine, Lena, Olgie and Willie Speck and the
late Frank and Jcseph Speck, a native of
Switzerland, aged C3 years 6 months and 3
days. . •
E3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday 1 * at ! 2 o'clock, from Alcatar build-
ing, on O'Farrell street, where the serviceD
will be held under the auspices of Germanla
Lodge No. 1718. K. of H.. and thence to Odd
Fellows' ¦ Cemetery for cremation. Remains
nt the parlors i of Theo. " Dierks, 957 Mission
street. • ¦¦ - ¦
SULLIVAN— In this city, March 19, 1901,
Thomaa F.. beloved son of Patrick and Ellen
Sullivan, and brother of Rev. J. J. and J. H.
Sullivan, a native of ; San Francisco, aged
28 years and 3 months. A member of Com-
pany B, First Callforpla Volunteers. :
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, . 1618 Turk street, • thence to Holy
Cross, Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
TUNOATE-In this city, March 20, 1901. John
B. Tungate, beloved father of George S. and
Dorothy L. Tungate, and brother of Mr«. D.
J. Murphy, a native of London, England,
aged fi2 years and 5 months.'
tC7"FrIends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of his sister. 129 Liberty street,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first, Guer-
rero and Dolores. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery-
TURNER- In this city. March 19, 1901, . QeOrgje
Turner, a native of England, aged 75 years.
VETTER— In this city, March 19, 1901, May
Louise, beloved wife of Fred J. Vetter,
mother of Louise Caroline Vetter. daughter
of Margaret Taylor, and sister of Mrs. -.W. A.
Kemp, Mrs. J. F. Cleary. Mrs. F. J. Silvey
and W. and S. Taylor, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
• lE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), * at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1544 Page : street, thence to St. , Agnes
Church, where a solemn high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
'. Cemetery . by carriage. Please omit flowers.
VOCES— In 'Oakland, March . 19. 1901. . Emma,
widow of George ... Voges, a native of Ger-
many, aged 66 years. ,
WEYMOUTH— In Ban Mateo, March 19, 1901,
Mrs. Thomas Weymouth, mother of Miss
Elizabeth Smith, - Mrs. ? Renner ¦ and George.
Eliza and Pearl Weymouth, . a native of
Thorney, England, aged 4S years 8 months
an-1 13 days.
[TyFrlends of the family are Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence. San Ma-
teo. Interment San Mateo Cemetery.
GLEESON. (nee MATHEWS)— In this ? city,
March 18, 1901, Mrs. Hannah Gleeson. beloved
wife of John E.> Gleeson,^mother of Harry
•Gleeson. and daughter of Mrs. T. Mathews, a
native of San, Francisco,- aged. 32. years. ,.
$y Friends ¦ and acquaintances | are ¦ respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday)." at . «:15 ¦ o'clock,"? from' the resi-
dence of her mother, 925V4 Filbert street,
thence to St. Francis Church, -where - a re-
quiem high mass, will be celebrated for the
repow of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment MountCalvary Cemetery. •
GOFF— In Oakland, March 20, 1901, Lucius M.,
beloved husband of Abbie H. Goft, a native
of Indiana, aged 65 years 9 months and 6
days. . • •.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at 672
KlBhteenth street, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate.
GRAHAM— In -this city, March 19. 1901, John
Graham,' a native of Illinois, aged 50 years.
[C7"Rernains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
GRONDONA— In this city, March 19, 1901,' Aze-
lla Leonlta, beloved daughter of James and
- Adelaide Grondona, sister of Charles V F.,
James D., Emma, Louis E., Armando G. and
Anita Grondona, and niece of . Mrs. J. . Par-
dini, a native of San Francisco, aged 9 years
5 months and 21 days. . ,
G7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I the funeral this day
(Thursday),' at 1 o'clock, from\ the family
residence. 813 Union street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
HOLLAND—In Oakland, March 20, 190L Alfred
New ten, beloved husband of Mary .Jane Hol-
land, a native of Bneland, aged go years 2
months and 5 days. A member of Occidental
Lodge No. 6, A. 0. U. \V., and Court Athena
No. SS57, A. O. F., " .
HARDNADY— In this city, March 20, 1901,
Mary, b,elovea wife of James Hardnady, and
mother of William Emmett Hardnady, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 38 years
RATT.WAY TBAVZL.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FEW FIGURES
9.00A.M.
THAT'S WHEN YOU
LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO
i
<'<
li _________________
t> 2
<i, * ————————__—__
<,'? !
<,]> ..;¦'¦> % "
2:15 P.M.
THIRD DAY THAT'S
I WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN
CHICAGO ON THE . . .
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
SANTA FE I
¦OUTIIKRBf PAViriC fllMPl.1T.
(rACIFJC SISTUf.)
Train* l«»v* and art <lu« U> nrrlt* at
MAM IIM>«IM».
(Main Une, Foos of Market Street)
Uatb — From Makcb If, 1901. — arrit*
7iO9 a Martinez, San Raircr.n, Vallejo. Napa,
Callitoga and aant* Ito_ «:S3p
7tS0A Benlda, oulsun, Klmlra, VacatUls,
Kumiey and h»cra men :o 7:33 1
7>80a DstIi, Woodland. Knlgbta Laadlnf.
M»rj»»ilie. oro.illa.. 7:53*
7:30a Atlantic Kxpress— Oiden and Em* 13tt9r
8:00a Nllei, Urericore, Tracy, Latkrop,
Stockton 7t%*r
SsSOa Shasta Express— Davis, William* (fot
Birtlett Sprion). Willow*. Sad
Bluff, Portland. 7:33r
IiSOa San Jose, Llfermort. Stockton,
lone, Haorsmeoto, PlaecrTiU*,
M»i7»»Il!e, Chlco. Kail lilutr 4iS3p
•>SO a Oakdale, Chinese, Uonon. Carters.. . 4 >23 r
BiOOa Hajwards. Nilts »od Way Sutiom. 1Ii33a
IiOOa Los Aoteles Eiireis — Martlues.
Tracj, Laturop, Htockton, Merced
Krejiioaud Let Angles 7<S3p '
StS»A Valle]». Martlnes aad Way Stations OiSSr
1 O:OOa. The OTerland limited— Ogdeo, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicaco OiSSr
IIiOOa Kllcs, Stockton, H*oramento. Mon-
dou. Fresno, Ilanford. VUalla,
Porter»Ille 4:23r
IIiOOa Iitrermore, Sanfer, Go*n«n Jon>
tlon. _ikersfleld.Los Angeles
fliOOr Sacramento Klrer 8teanon )3i«0a
SiOOr Ilenlda, Winters, ftaeramanto,
Wooaiand. KutgbU Lmndlu*.
M»ri»»l!lr. OrotilU..- I«:S3a
BtOOr Htywards, Niles aod Way Buttons. B:53r
4ittOpMartluex. Han ltamon. ValUJo,
Napa, (,'allatOKa. N*nU Itoso WiSSa.
f4tOOr Suuet Limited, El Faao, New /
Orleans and East. cllrSSA
4 : 00 r The Owl I.Imltcd-Tracy, riesao.
BakersfleliK Bangui tot Santa Bar-
bara, TiOS Angeles. lli*3i
4i8OpHarwmrds. Nile* and San Joae t9:83A
attDrHtv Orlnuu JEUpresa— I— kanAeia.
Bantu Rarbara, Jjos Antsles, Dem*
Ids, El Puol New Orlsans and
East MV 7.83a.
CsOtfr Kfles. LtTermors, Stoektoa. Lodl .... 10:35a.
«:«>»r Il»Twaidj, JNiles»ud3*a Joae ?>S»*
tStOOr Vsflejo lliO3«
SiOOrOrienUl Uall-OgJeD, Chsjena*.
Omaha, Chicago 12:33p
•<OOp Orleutal Mall— Ogden, Denier.
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33*
7i00p Oregon and California Rxprsn.Hao-
rnineiitii, Maryiiille, iteiMitif,
I'oitlatMl, Tnget Hound ami K_t 8:33 k
SiOSpBsn Pablo, Port C'oaU, Martloes
and Way Stations 11:554.
t!"»O3r ValHo 7t3Ap
COAST IH VISION (Narroir Maui«).
<Foot of Mirkat Street.)
StlAA Newark. CVi,t«fllle.K«o.lo««>.|fclton,
Boniil«i Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Station* «i»O#
(»il3p Newark, CenterTille. San Jote. New
Aimsiien, Felton, lloulJer On«k,
8«it* C'ziiz and l'rluc!t>%l War
Snttioi>» ti*in«»A
4iI5r Newark. M»n Jo««. tea Oatos &:»•*
aO-.iOr Hunten" F.xsnnion, San Josa and
WaySUtlons t?'»OT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtaSlI fBHOlSCO— Tni *t Mtrktt Stre.t (Sli? S) —
17:15 9:00 11.00a.m. 1:33 3:03 8:lo>.M.
ffimOIIUIB— n*\tttmimtj.— ffi:00 t3-00 fS:CJ
IOiOOa.W. 12:C3 8:03 t:S3r.M.
COAST 1UT1SIOX (Itroad «an K e).
(Third m^ To*rnneinl Sts.) '
. t«:IOAOcean View, tiduth Han Franeiseo.. 1«i30^
7sO«AHan Joi* ami Way SUtlnns (N«w
Alunaden We.lii««>Uji onlj) 1<SO»
BiOOa Han Jum. Tres flnoa. S»nt» Cms.
Paclllo <Jn.»e. Taso Rubles. San
I.nls OhUpti, finrf, Lompoc aad
Prluelnal Way HUtlona 4iI0p
IOi4Oa Ban Jose and Way Station* «li33*
I IiSOa Uau Joss an.1 Way HUtlona Siaop
f*:*5p S*» Matro. Iledwood, Uanlo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. .Han Jot*.
Tres Pinos. SauU Cruz, Salln _,
Monterey and Paelfio GroTe...... tl*>X8i
t>iX*p Ran Joae and Way Htatlone 7t3Mp
' f4ilSr ShiJom and Principal Way Stations »:43a
t3:OOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 19:00 »
S«3Op San Jose aud Principal Way Stations Si33a
•i30p San Joss and Way Stations fl:OO*
¦ Ilt4.tr San Jcssamt Way Station* 7>3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Rnnda? ezeept«d. I Suudaj ooXf. .
§ Mondays. Wednesdays, TxUsjn.
e Tneadajs, Tburst—ji, Soadayt,
#S»tar_j^onJi, -— •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. C&
T .T7?Pggl Hi HI
SA?1 FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FEHRT- FOOT OB* MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:0O, ll:C0 _ m.; 12:J5. 3:30.
6:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:19
P. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aad
U:S0 p. m. r
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:J0. *.«,
6:C0. 6:20 p. m.
ban tCtitjial to Saa Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. »:20s, 11:10 a. m.; 12:U,
1:40, 5:ia p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:53
and J:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:40. U:1D _ m.; 1:40. 1:43.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco aad Scanetzea Park.
tama schedule as above.
Leavs I In SSeet I AxtIt*
Ban Fr*ncl»eoL |Not. 7. 1900.1 3«n Frmnelseo.
Week I Bun- I I Bun- I Weak
Days. ( days. | Destination. | days. [ Days.
7: JO am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am lAi am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:J5 axa
1:10 pm »:00pm 8anta Rom. 7:S pm «:_ ptn
Fulton,
T;S0am ' Windsor, 1025 am
Bealdsburr.
Lytton,
Gerserrtua.
I: tO pm 1:00 am CloTerdale. 7:C pm 8:a pra
7:S0 ami j Hopland J "~~| ~*
¦ , 1:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 1:23 pin
7:30 am 10:25 im
8:00 in Gaernerllla. 7:35 pm
t:Wptn » :23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 1 1:15 am 1:40 am
and I
8:10 tm 6:00 pm I Glen Ellen. I (:05 pm <:23 pm
7:30 ami »:00 ami 110:40 ana 110:25 an
8:30 pmf 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| »:a pm
Stages connect at Santa Rooa for Mark West
Sprlncs and White Sulphur Springs; at Pulton
tor Altrurla; at L,ytton for Lytton Springs : at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlnga. Highland Springs; Kelaejrville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Brae Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valle/.
John Day's. Rlvenide, Llerley's BuclraeU's.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'i Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Port Bragg. Westport. Usai.
'^VUHetta. Ijiytonvllle. Cummlnsrs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rt-
duced rates.
•On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, (30 Market et.. Chronicle build.
ing. R- X. RTAN.
H, C. WHIT_JO. Gen. Pas*. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SamaBto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lv. »«n n>in. . nntiiimn.
W5 a. u.) xrvvzr tiat«i ( r - *•
1:43 T. U. ¦ W_E_ BAYS , p M
4:00 p. m.) Stay over nlghtattheTAVKUM I 10:36 a.m.
8.-00 a.m.) f 1:00 P.M.
11:30 a. V. 8lJ " A " ~.m~.' 4:25 P.m.
1:15 p.m. lS:3or.M.
Fare. Saa Francisco to Summit and Retain. Jl.tO.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sansallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 UEAR.VY ST. Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment of frlvatn
Diseases. Uwt Manbood. Debility or
disease wearlnsr on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
fnrf»euaran«r*<l. CallorwriM.
Dr. jr. X*. OIBBOX. san Francisco. Cat. _SCENE FROM "THE LITTLE
MINISTER." AND ITS LEAD
ING LADY. . •
CHARLES JOST ft SON FAU^-Charle» Jo«t
& Sob and Charles Jost. distillers , and mer
chants. Ban Francisco, filed petitions ln Insol
vency yesterday, utatlns the firm's liabilities
as SI3.5I7 25, and thore of Charles Jost as
$1928 24. There, are no assets.
The petition of L. and E. Emanuel for
a writ of mandate to compel the Board
of Harbor Commlpsloners to authorize the
payment to the petitioners of $1800, the
bajance alleged to be due for furnishing
the new Poetofllce building at the ferry
was partially heard by Judge ¦ Hebbard
yetTday. When the case was called
the Harbor Commissioners filed their an
swer to the petition for the writ and de
fended their refusal to pay the amount
named on the ground that the petitioners,
in violation of the State law. worked their
men over eleht hours a day. and in such
case? the law compels the board to with
hold payment.
On June 19 last the petitioners were
awarded the contract to furnish the build-
Ing at a cost of $2750. It was aereed that
th* work was to be paid for ln full within
thirty-five days after its completion. The
contractors were paid $950 on account, and
then the board, on the ground that the
petitioners had violated the. terms of Iheir
contract, refused to -pay. the balance due.
Both sides will present their evidence
and the case will be argued on the 29th
inst. • •
Harbor Commissioners Say
the Emanuels Violated
Eight-Hour Law.
REFUSE TO PAY
CONTRACTORS
WELBURVS BONDSMEN COMPROMISE—
tTnlted States Attorney Woodworth was noti
fied ye«tcrday that the. Department of Justice
r<a<l accented the offer of compromise made by
Stanley TTilley and E. H. Kermer of *2S«4 «
•nd ?J45 costs as bondsmen for O«c» M. Wel
burn •» flisbure'.rg officer In the internal rev
enue ten'lce. '. .. '
T'nlted States Attorney W'oodworth wan
fhtwn the letter and said that he would
with pleasure, co-operate with the State
and municipal fiuthorities in punishinsr the
jrullty parties and suppressing the nefari
ous traffic.
r» Ptate ,and Federal authori'.iea for the pur-
T';se of «arrp'ns out such »lav» traffic. Re
fpectfully. JOHN W. GRTGGS.
Attorney General.
Arknomleddnsr tri» r«velr>t "f your lftt'r of
March 9. with which you enclose a copy of a
Ittter from M ir s Donaldlne Cameron. luperln
tr-nflent-of .the Chlneise Mission Home of San
FranclEco. a.i^rPssM to former United Stat«»«
Attorney. Oomb» relative to Chin*i«« slavery in
*~alifnrnia. I hav*-to direct that you *»rln^ this
letter to the attention of the United State* At
torney, notinr/ especially Miss Cameron's etate
r-ert that Fiifflrifnt evidence ran be produced
If the prorer nuthfn-ities will tnv«»5tle»te.- ln
crder that the T_"nlte<l States Attorney, as here-
Assistant rutted States District Attor
r»y Banning recejved ye?t<?rday the fol
lowing letter " from Attorney Cleneral
Grigrgs with reference " to the project .of
ettemptir.g - to ¦ puppress Chinese slavery
ln this State:
Federal Authorities Will
Aid in Suppression of
Chinese Slavery.
UNCLE SAM TAKES
A HAND IN GAME
LAST Saturday night Police Lieu
tenant Price and his squad raided
the headquarters of the -Hip Sing
Tong at S26 Clay street and drove
all suspected highbinders from
the place. Now the Chinese claim that
the policemen wielded their clubs and in
jured, some of the occupants of the rooms
and. they theraten to sue for damages.
Ah Wong, a fisherman, says he was
struck in the back and has since had
hemorrhages of the lungs. He has been
suffering for some time with consump
tion. ' Hong Jung and Tong Ah Quong,
who, it is alleged, were struck on the
Major P. J. Harney's four-year term as
member^ of^the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners expired yesterday and gos
sipt regarding appointment of his succes
sor Is interesting. It is the general opin
ion that the Governor will not name the
new commissioner until a day or two be
fore ' April • 1.* v ¦- ¦ ¦ »
The news published In The Call yester
day to " the • effect that Wakefield Baker
had been slated for Commissioner created
much 'comment ln'politlcal and commer
cial circles. Mr. Baker authorizes the
statement; to -be made that he, is not a
candidate ¦ for the position and that hla
business duties would not " allow him to
accept ; th« office If it were tendered ¦ to
him.- If, is" the Impression that he could
have the place if he would signify a read
iness to serve; but 'he has no Inclination
whatever f or. offlceholding.
SEEKING THE MAN
TO SUCCEED HAENEY
OAKLAND. March 20.— Theodore En
derle has been living for two years and
a half at 1131 East Twenty-second street.
Oakland. :Hecame to Oakland . from San
Francisco, where he formerly kept a gro
cery and saloon at the corner? of Ninth
and Mission streets. About three years
ago • he went to Alaska., but did- not re
main long. = Monday he went tf> San Fran
cisco and opened a new store in the "West
cm Adoltion, San Francisco. He was re
puted to be quite wealthy. Enderle was
married and his wife and two children
survive him. Mrs. Enderle went to San
Francisco to-day to see ¦ the new store.
She had not yet been heard from at a
late hour to-night. Deceased was a man
of cheerful disposition and temperate
habits. . His home life was happy and his
business affairs prosperous.
. The second suicide was also a German.
about 45 years of age. He had dark
brown hair and mustache and- wore a
dark suit of ; clothes slightly threadbare.
Both bodies were removed to .the Morgue.
I am out of emsloyment and sick. I can
ret no rest day or night. My dear family,
forelve me: I cannot help it. Try to llv<»
well without me. Oood-by. Coushman. tha
bad fellow who worked with me. Is . the cause
of it all. He grave me a bad name in the bust
ness/ I hppe he will receive his Ju9t reward
for It. The house shall go to my wife and 'f
you see it give our dear find Gambert th»
iioo. ; ••¦•¦- - papa.
Two men, weary of care and trouble,
wandered out ' to . a lonely spot in the
Presidio reservation yesterday or Tues
day night and put an end to their earthly
sufferings.
The two unfortunates were strangers to
each other, and whichever one was last
to cut short . his existence was probably
unaware that the lifeless body of another
unfortunate lay on the ground close by.
Theodore Enderle.a grocer at the cor
ner of Bush and Buchanan streets, and
who resided in Oakland, sought oblivion
in the poison cup for a reason still to be
learned.
The other victim, whose body is yet un
identified, after having written a note in
which he said that Illness and lack of
employment drove him to despair, blew
out his brains with a pistol bullet. He
signed the message but it is ad
dressed to no one and leaves no clew as
to his identity. .
Yesterday afternoon, mounted soldiers
stumbled upon the body of Enderle. Be
side It lay a bottle of carbolic acid and
a glass from- which the lethal fluid had
been drunk. , There was no letter giving
a reason feu* the man's rash act. and his
relatives are mystified. A short time ago
Enderle purchased a grocery store at the
corner of I Bush and Buchanan from
Smeckpepner & Herzberg. and has since
been conducting the business. He had
plenty of money and owned considerable
property in this city and across the bay.
He was a German. 42 years of age.
As some of the soldiers passed on they
came upon the body of the unknown man,
with a pistol an* a note beside It. The
remains lay near the McDowell road and
were but a few rods from where Enderle's
body. lay. The note read as follows:
Two Unfortunates Seek the
Same Spot m Presidio to
Commit Suicide.
head, could not be found last night and
their friends say that their wounds have
healed and that they have gone to Alaska.
Lieutenant Price denies that his men used
clubs, excepting In two other cases, where
they met armed highbinders and found
their lives endangered. ;, /.¦'
BROTHERS IN WOE
END THEIR LIVES
Charge' the Officers Under Lieutenant Price
With Injuring Them With Clubs and
Say That They Will Sue for Damages
CHINESE DECLARE THEY
WERE ROUGHLY HANDLED
The favorite of f avorites— Jesae Moora ¦ "A A"
whiskey. . . '
Are ¦ those . now . offered ; by S the * Pacific
Ccaat j Steamship \ Company, : to, ¦ Southern
California j ports. ;For rates and-Informa
tion', call - at office,' 4 \ Montgomery. .
Cheapest -and Most \ Delightful Ocean
Trips in the eWorld
It ¦¦¦¦¦ is the .liberality of Mrs
Phebe ; Hearst that the s Settlement Club
is- to 'occupy, the handsome new buildinir
The settlement, has grown out of
the San Francisco Boys'; Club, which had
its headquarters at 84 South Park, and at
Sixth and Bryant streets. % The club was
organized twelve years i ago. 'The begin
ning was extremely* unpretentious, but the
progress, .which has-been a gradual one!
has proved more than satisfactory to the
workers connected with the club. -
¦ The club's new home is <an extremelv
handsome one., it is a three-story build-
Ing and , contains * an industrial depart
ment for. boys and -young, men, a domes
tic department for girls and young wom
f'n. a large gj'mnaslum. stage. . auditori
um, bath rooms and several handsome re-^
coptlon rooms, residence rooms and rooms
ml gn u d ep Pecially for club ' meetings. :
The board of directors of the settlement
consists of Mrs. Phebe _- Hearst, ' Mrs.
Mary Kincald. - .' Vanderlyn -'Stowe ' and
Frank J. Symmes." • • s
; There was a housewarming last even
ing atthe splendid new home of the San
Francisco . ; Social ¦ Settlement. , 86 :; South
Park. The, house -was crowded with peo
ple;;^prominent in-social 'circles, Vor the
business world;and .in, philanthropic work.
There was a short -programme consist-
Ing of ' brief i addresses > by *• President ' Ben
jamin Ide \yheeler, Dr. .Bradford I Leavitt
of the First Unitarian Church; Dr. Doro
thea . Moore, head worker, and Frank J
Rymmes,,"one-of the .directors "of .the in-"
stitute.' ".-' • -v. - . . - ¦ . . .
SOCIAI/ SETTLEMENT
¦¦ '¦'. ' f - IIT > ITS' NEW; HOME
Friends of the Institution Inspect tha
I: Splendid Quarters of the
v, . ~ : .A-X*:- .Club..-V.' v^-
A farewell concert will be given by Mme.
Carreno- to-morrow evening, at •Sherman-
Clay Hall.* at popular- prices. Seats on
sale at Sherman-Clay's music store.
• -.¦" '• .'. ¦¦-¦ ¦ ••¦ • - - • ;-¦-,
J An unusual affair in • the musical line
will.be that given on Friday night at the
Y. M. C.» A. building, .when four email
boys from Chicago will be the performers
James Crippen and Harry Cockrell bov
sopranos, 11 and 12 years : of agerespec
«yely. # have ' especial attention.
Blatchford Kavanagh. the barytone, will
assist the youthful artists. .
' Leah May. "the- tallest .woman 'In the
world," is the "big" attraction at the
Chutes and Zoo this week, and to-night
the' amateurs will be heard ln a new spe
cialty, "Sacks of Fun."
The Fiechtls. Olive Vail. Chirles "W. Co
gill and Trlxeda are among the entertain
ers at Fischer's Concert-house this week.
Papinta, now in. her third week;at the
Orpheum. is as strong ' a < favorite. as ever
with the audiences. * Ter.how*s cats, a lit
tle company, of highly educated felines, is
one of. the best; animal .acts ever < seen
here and is attracting much favorable at
tention.. . . " .
The Alcazar. presents this week a Paris-
Ian farce comedy, "The Proper Caper,"
which* has found ¦ much favor with Alca
zar ;pa»rpns. • It is a wildly hilarious af
fair, with an old Dlot under "a new face
Instead of in a .fountain, of youth sur
rounded by Bleepleps dragons.-an old man
imagines that he discovert? a*, specific for
old. age in goat's, blood; and. his antics un
der the "Influence" constitute "the interest
of "The Proper Caper." '
¦ "The' Angel of the Alley," a melodrama
depending for local color upon the Bowery
of New; Tork, is pleasing Alhambra' audi
ences ; with a company better than the
play ln charge of affairs. .
« . . .
nhans of . engineers who lost their lives
In the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro," will
be given. The benefit Is under the aus
pices of the Marine Engineers' Beneficial
Association No. 35. and a very considera
ble number of tickets has i already been
sold. James M. .Ward as Mylesna Cop
paleen, a, part In which he has appeared
more than a thousand times, is winning
hearty applause for his efforts.
Cavalryman ; at the Presidio Serioualy ;
Injured by Fractious , >
I \ .' • * •' Akimal. , . : ;{
i Joseph G. "Klttei; a' private of. Troop G,
Sixth .Cavalry, will, not go 'to, Manila jwlth !
his regiment. He is occupying, a cot in;
the post hospital and the surgeons are do
ing their best to' preserve the .contour of;
his Jaw, which was broken yesterday by a;
vicous horse. "The trooper Iwas 'engaged;
In currying, his' animal in ; the." afternoon',;
when It' became " fractious and 'rearing'
upon its hind legs struck ; Klttei on -. the
chin with a forefoot, breaking; the .Jaw
bone in two places.. , He will, be laid; up
for some time. . • • ¦-' ¦ ¦ - ¦'- ',.•'¦¦ .''. '...¦•
Captain J.S. Wilson, assistant Burgeon,*
has been granted a - leave of absence for
one month. He is at present bn duty In
Nurses Laura B. Bunting and Josephine"
H Kepgart have been ordered home for
discharge.- They, have lately returned
from the Philippines. ' --iZ,/ '•¦"
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas TY.
Jackson Is relieved from temporary • duty
at the general hospital and ordered to the
transport Buford; . - ;:--. - - :
Second Lieutenants Walter N. Lee and
Clarence O. Sherrlll, Corps of < Engine«rs,
have been ordered to , the - Philippines on
tho ¦ transport Hancock. ¦> They reported
for duty at the department : headquarters
yesterday. -¦.•••/ " ; ¦-¦¦ ;•¦ _¦¦- . \ '-. -//:" ' '•
-A board of -medical > officers. :¦ to consist
of Colonel William .H.Forwood, assist
ant surgeon ' general ; : Lieutenant »¦ Colonel
A. C. Girard, deputy - surgeon ';; general;
Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon, and-Act
ing Assistant Surgeon W.< H.'.Wlnterberg,'
United ¦ States army, ; has .been appointed
• to meet at - the general . hospital, Presidio,
on the 22dinst. ; to examine, into the pres
ent physical condition of -Captain Hollls
C. Clark. Twenty-fourth Infantry/ now at
the I ii 1 1 ill n ..JMJIpiWIuTOIMlliMi'Miflnr
JAW BROKEN • BY • KICK J \ •
; . ; ', FBjOM < viciOTJS ; HOUSE
P^TT^ HE Tlvoll opened .on Monday
¦ M evening with the bright little
I opera of Stange and Edwards.
yL "The Wedding Day." The popu
lar little theater has outdone It
self in giving the production. "The.Wed
dlng Day." to begin with, is a tuneful,
wcli-constructed opera, musically satis
factory, and with bright lines and amus
ing situations galore. It is prettily cos
tumed, the stage setting is distinctly
above the average, and the opera goes
with unusual snap and vim. The orches
tra is happily handled by the new leader.
Paul Stelndorff, who has a satisfying grip
on the baton, and not for many months
have the choruses, solo accompaniments
and Intermezzos gone with such admir
able spirit and precision. The Tivoli
management has indeed been fortunate in
securinK so able a leader.
All the Kddy street favorites are well
cast in the play. Ferris Hartman is an
abundantly satisfying figure as Polycop,
the newly married baker, whose wedding
day is illustriously celebrated. Alf C.
Wheelan is admirable as < the meddlesome
apprentice of Polycop, Planchette. Ed
ward Webb Is an excellent Due de Bouil
lon, the mercurial amorist a la mllltaire,
and Arthur Boyce is well heard as Raoul,
thft tenor nephew of the Duke..
. Of the women Annie Meyers is a chic
and sprightly Mme. Folycop — demure,
also, as befits the part. Maude Williams
sings sweetly the role of Lucile d'Herb
lny. and looks charming, and Bernice
Hclmes Is a stately and ' melodious '
Madame do Montbazon. The Don Giovan
ni catalogue song of Hartman is much en
joved. but might be shortened a little to
advantage, and a very clever arrange
ment of the "Mermaid and the Whale"
song and chorus gives much pleasure.
Some of the ensembles show the weight
of the new hand, more particularly, the
cleverly worked out finale to the second
act.
• ' • •
The Sembrich Opera Company at the
Grand Opera-house has experienced a
slight setback in the temporary indispo
sition of the prima donna. Mme. Sembrich.
"La Traviata," that was to be given last
evening,, has had to be postponed until
next Monday night, to allow of a suffi
cient rest for the singer, who will, how
ever, certainly appear on Saturday after
noon next In "Don Pasauale." The old ¦
Donizetti opera has not been heard here
for many years, and Mme. Sembrich'a
Norina is awaited with much pleasurable
anticipation. Next, week's programme
win be: Monday evening. , "Traviata";
Wednesday evening, "Lucia." and a Sat
urday matinee, for which the opera has
not yet been announced.
• • ' •
. La Loie Fuller is in the last nights of
her successful engagement at the Colum
bia Theater, arid her charming terpslcho
rean efforts are still delighting good
houses. "The Highwayman" goes better
than it did. and will give place next •week
to the Frohman production of "The Little
Minister.", a dramatization of the novei
of the name by J. M. Barrie himself.
"The Little Minister" had an exceptional
run In New York, and the play is.saJd-to
be one of the" prettiest and wholesomest
plays now on the stage. ;
• • • .
"The Telephone Girl" Js still at the old
stand, -the California Theater, and- still
delighting.tne multitudes. Saturday night
is the farewell performance, when Hana
Nix will call : up "one-double-twice-alx
teen" for the last time In the merry far
rago. » •- . _ - . .,_ ¦ . .
.• .•¦"••¦
To-night the benefit performance of
"Colleen Bawn" at the Central • Theater,
for "dependent mothers, .widowsl and or-
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' OALi;, THURSDAY, MARCH - 2U 1901.
Outdoes Itself in Producing the Opera.
~ Popular ; Teleph6ne\Girr Still Hill
ing California— Big Bill at Orpheum
TIVOLI GAILY GIVES
"THE WEDDING DAT"
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j & >fuww ,atitL 1
I stir -JicUt '- *¦¦; I
I Customers like curs has been a matter I
fe of twenty-three years of conscientious |
I endeavor to please our patrons. Our |
I store, our immense trade, speaks for itself." f
a We intend to pursue the same methods in H
I our NEW DEPARTMENT— honesty the I
first thought. One hundred styles (for men C
3 and women) of $3.50 shoes to pick from. h
It is the largest line — the greatest values •
j ever ofifered in" San Francisco. No fie- !'l
titious advertising can hurt our trade— no ']
B. dishonest methods will, either — we tell the • ¦?
I truth — no branch stores. ; , . i
DR.MQMLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RF.LIA BLE OLD
Specialist cunt Blood Pofson,(]onorrhcea,Ole*k.
Btrlctor*. K-mliial Weakness. Imputfncc and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseaa^s ol Men, free. . ¦
OverCOyears'exper'eiice. Ttid^ rea>»onabie. Hoars, 4 |
9to3dally;6:30to3.30ev'its. SandaTs.lOto C Consul- »
tatlon freeandsac redly confidential. Call or address
P. KOSCOR MeXUIiTlT. 32. D.
26^KearnySt, San Francisco. fteJ-
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/i is /fiill'lk 'IS THI^
/. Ijjl /'A • That no matter how long
r\ ° . ilifn ji v 'i |l I'Oio wear a serge of the
/ jg ''({tffV^ im Royal Blue Standard, a
\^k o '^wS^Sm /"bfic owned and con-
\^* ; ;•:). WjStiv trolled by us, it never loses
I :^^W its brightness, it never loses
\J /K s s^P e f it never loses its
V \\38 For tl18 Suit Thal FadeS YoU Can
Tl \ iw Have Your Mone^ ac ' (t
\\ A i. fffl And for all this good-
IV ''Jl ( '/H ness contained in our
\|;!]///l\ \)Jm Royal Blue" Serge, which
Al l\ i'^'ll * we picture opposite, cut in
I w '"•' : ''i 1 \ !i M r the new effect, the military
/'/ W •'''•I \ \Un % V sack, with the broad shoiU-
iiM s\ ! V?m «l 1 ders, which is so stunning
\ i^jk'tiiffli WtS^Sa a?id smart, we tax if oio
5ERGE
v^^P^^^W 'j^^^'iSr IS ALWAYS. THE
\ y^^^^^^^^^r ''wjO DRESSY, NATTY
%rMr COME WHERE THE SMART SPRING
0 FASHIONS ARE BEING SHOWN.
-I'rMCOKPoaATED Unioh Squabc;Avc.
WE DELIGHT IN FILLING MAIL ORDERS.
Dress Goods aiid Laces for the Easter Dress
Your new hat, your'new frock, your new fixings, are best bought now. Varieties are broader,
stocks are fresher, lines are more complete.
tf^^^s. * P a/t t /cu f aft fy Dress Stuffs — The gowning of women is the chiefest
'%&ij- IIvs?n^^^\ ' °^ -^ a^ es undertakings. The dress goods business is the backbone
¦ ' ."yiff^ '¦¦ t'^'^^r' • " It's going straight to first heads, consulting with designers, advising with
C ¦ - i^&G&rts. loom men, buying in greater quantities, that has made this store.
IC§k I^^S^v .The City?s Headquarters for Dress Goods.
C^^Ms \\ 'W" I *^'W For Easter we've risen to our full stature. We're all in. readiness to meet
W^E&\ \\ "'"¦• t^TlM ' your every fancy. Novelties are here 5n abundance. We'll mention four.
'^%7yP". Crepe Cloth $1.75- Crepe Cloth $1.OO.
TV ~<Pr\\\^\ft&^ri Silk and wool— one of the prettiest cllnirtm A Boft. sll-wool stuff -with a heavy white
¦>ref CyS . KJr=oi2^"j^JUplc>< stuffs— equal to silk In appearance and come? vrded stripe— comes in turquoise, cardinal.
VCJ ( ln a11 the beautiful nf-w color effects. For a:, rar/iet. ol<i rose. r-?eda ar.d marine. Some of
b/,ft\) yj/iiny^- ••'.'-•>^^Caw^J-^yA > *J a Easter town quite effective. the prettiest wal.n material you er*»r saw. not
¦3) '¦•tt'^^M' Venetian $2.00. except^ .iita-e. it-u e» » ,«d.
yQ&L ' ''¦¦: I The flnest imported quality in a splendid soft tJcngalino 52. OO.
/q@% / -^C W (S« finish. It Is much ln favor for Easter cos- Black novelty carded Bengallne ln medium
/ / jShCr vllV • tun >e*— In all the popular shades euch as grays, and small flsured effects— a soft, clinging, silky
/ . T-Wv?k I JraV 3£®\ tans, reseda, green, old rose, porcelain. . hello fabric— most appropriate for an Easter dreaa—
/ N?2p££&Cy' Q7 fft J and red - . »2 CO a yard. . /
1 P The New Laces are Here.
/ '*§ They are wonderfully fascinating:. They lend themselves bewitchingly to the
/ Cm , draplngs that fashion dictates, and she is more lavish in the use of them this sea-
/ aa, son than ever before. The Persian and gold effects seem to stand In highest favor.
• /// t *&-b j Just a little list to Illustrate the range of prices:
j\k *'&''* tiaferSi J TAFFETA SILK APPLIQUE, In white en BLACK LACE ALLOVER— 23c to $3 00 a yard.
/ r 35? Js i\ ' tucked chiffon outlined ln gold braid— V CO LACE BANDS AND GALOON3. ln Arabian
' I A APtJ^Ofl22«S*<VW?//W «* per vard - Venlse and Oriental effects— 15c to $1 23 a
&\k A TrHITE AND GOLD FEDORA ALLOVER yRrd
BkfS 1 J\\£(wxa\fi&>2?'- %>X gold braid— $4 00. Ti'rKvri vm-Q^T t\t nr «»nTT« *tt
Pm^ * J«BB%gm ; wh|te tucked o .ou ass e,,ne de sole applied n ™g%*r'g ir ± bUck „
I V *^>»«;ffl^. dr* " ALLOVER LACES IN CREAM WHITE-U 50 white, for making robes-U CO to »M a
t \Nf «\g^' w ?V«»t** p 'V' to J5 00 a yard. '*;'.'-" yard.
V "tL v • /£&(/ _ n £ better than the ordinary
¦V • • — 'J=? ftSSl tLPWafpfk GGQlrZ^^^ . South American coffee— lfs
*%,::." iiSW— n^fctt^^N^^^r A.rntric&n crown. \* s want
Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate ave. to show you how good It Is.
] —a delicacy counter— ne^ and L
/ complete, with the most tempt- 1 '.
1 Ingr produce the markets aX- / , >¦
i ford. \
/ Here are choice roast meat*— /
\ emoked meats — prepared \
"/*¦. meats— fresh and appetizing ' f
7 salads — chowders — pickles — -¦:, ( , ,
k.,. fish. etc. Come and let us • -- i.
:j -j serve you— we have employed a |
4 special man to look after your
/ interests, and he understands ' I . ¦
*4V- . his business, too.
SPECIALS
{ Creamery Butter, square . 30c
I Choice creamery.
1 Gal. Cheese, 1b 12#c
7 Fancy cream. Regularly 13c
4 Apricots, 2 lbs 25c
quality evaporated aprt-
-t ¦ cots. Regularly S lbs. 80c
\ Comb Honey, each loo
/ The purest and whitest.
J Regularly 20c.
[ Salad Dressing, bot 20o ¦
/ Mrs. Herrman's home-made. !
L Regularly 30c.
] Kortadella;2tiiis. 25o
4 Imported Italian Sausai «.
7 Regularly 20c a tin,
7 0 K Whiskey, bot 75c ;
7 • 3 bots...fS.OO gallon... $3.00
1 Age and quality guaranteed.
J Regularly $1 00 and $4 00.
? 7 '% Cranberry Sauce; 2-ib size . 15c \
* i : Delicious with 'meats and games.
I Regularly 25c.
.4 „ Cigars, Key West — . j
% • "Rosa de Santa Clara," each. .
T 12HC. Box of 25.. ..$2.73 1
1 A six-inch clear Havana Cigar.
/ Regularly 2 for 50c and $3 M ,*
L a box. ¦: . ;
J 39 STOCKTON ST.
4 TELEPHONE MAIN BS3. T . I
Eeed and Battan rt»^ TA
ROCKER... W.3U
Ladies' riie. We hive them *lso
slxe larger for $3.73. A large and
complete assortment of the new
patterns.
CASH OS LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
THEJ.NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above 6th, San Francisco-
a.^ tmimmm^a^aamKi^^ma^B^^^m
MANUFACTURERS.
CHILDREN'S SUN BONNETS— Our usual
25c quality.
WOMEN'S BALBRIGGAN VESTS— Heavy
or medium weights, long or short
sleeves; usual 25c quality.
95c
. Tour choice of a drummer's sample line
\ of COVERT * CLOTH and GRASS
LINEN OVERSKIRTS, all nicely trim-
med; worth as high as $2.25.
73c
WOMEN'S PERCALE WRAPPERS-Bre-
telles. neck and sleeves neatly trimmed;
waist 1 lined; sold * elsewhere $1.00.
#1.4.5
A new lot of CHILDREN'S WHITE
PIQUE CAPES, trimmed with . three
ruffles of open - work ; wide embroid-
ery; worth $2.60.
65C Yard,
Tour choice of a sample lot of ALL
OVER NOTTINGHAM LACES in Ecru
and Cream; worth $1.50 yard.
95c
WOMEN'S WAISTS, made of best Percale:
- tucked front , and back and trimmed
with double rows of fine embroidery
Insertion; regular price $1.50.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVED/
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
: V Between Taylor and Jones/
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY 1 I