Read •
Pass 17
Sunday Call
Women and Children's
Section.
NOV. 31£,1901.
Features That You WtTT Ffrid pai-tlqUTaj'Ty Tn^i-^stTng.:
p «s« 13 ....WILLIAM GREER HARRISON GIVES A LESSON IN PHYSICAL CULTURE FOR BUSY MEN *•«• l3
Ps e" 4li THE LATEST FASHIONS IN GOLF VESTS ILLUSTRATED AND DESCRIBED rag.. 4-5
Pa eeis DO WE WISH A "ZOO" FOR SAN FRANCISCO? SEE WHAT CITIZENS SAY .**«»"
Pa «« 7 FIRST OF A SERIES OF ARTICLES ON ETIQUETTE BY MRS. BURTON KINGSLAND PP c« 7
r "s=i9 MAYOR OF LOS ANGELES TELLS HOW TO GOVERN A MUNICIPALITY ***' l 0
pa e cl * fOR THIRTY* YEARS THE MYSTERY OF BELVEDERE— A ROMANCE WORTH READING *agei4 -
S2s What M«. John T- S ab^n Has
! eHite Say About the Cost oP
BKnS'nS out a Soc^ty Sud
Read
P*B*l72
ENTHUSIASTIC WOMEN NEW A PATHWAY TO THE
LOFTY RUINS OF THE MESA VERDE CLIFF DWELLERS
Mrs. McClurg, the first
woman to attempt so hazard
ous a journey.
Obliged to hide for days
from hostile Indians.
Finally r?aches the homes
of the ancient Cliff Dwsllers.
Society bps been formed to
preserve these wonders and
make them accessible to the
general public. 1
/T\ HE cliff dwellings, of Colorado are
; I to be made into a national' park.'
I* When dwellings of learned that
to be made into a national park.
When Mrs.*McClurg learned that
X rulrs of the ancient dwellers in
the Mesa Verde were inaccessible to
any. but the boldest and most tireless ex
plorers, and that no woman had ever seen
them, she ma<Je up her_mind right then
find there to look them over at her leis
ure and when It suited her fancy.
Few women would care to risk their
lives Just to ecrambl© up almost to tin:
heavens to minutely examine ruins that
are "so old that one hesitates to name the
years, but then those kind of thing*
come naturally to Mrs. McClurg. Before
her marriage she was a Miss Vlrgina
Donegho, a defendant of Edward A.
Doneghe, who made the first anthropo
logical collection for Harvard and Vale.
For centuries these ruins have been
considered by archaeologists to be among
the finest and most Interesting in the
world. All this time they have stood al
most unknown and wholly neglected in
the MancoH Canyon of Southwestern Col
orado. Only two scientific expeditions
'have ever penetrated the country, but a
few careless sightseers and tourists have
succeeded In getting where they couM
trample, pull and carry away pieces .if
pottery valuable only to science.
" Now these ruins have been opened an 1
made accessible to the public by Mrs,
Gilbert McClurtj at the bead of the Cola
THE SUNDAY CALI*
raflo Cliff Dwelling Association, which '3
composed of fifty women.
For sixteen years she labored, never
once losing sight of her object.. In 1855
she persuaded a party of friends to go
with her. While they were struggling
along, but merry withal, they heard a
familiar but dreaded whoop.. There was
no : time for cerem<jny and no time to
think about where-one was stepping. The
main idea was to get away, as far away
from the Indians as possible. It was far
preferable to fall and be* decently dashed
to pieces than it would be. to drop into
the hands of the hostile and merciless
wretches.
For days they had to hide, afraid to
draw a long: breath for fear of being dis
covered. ¦ While trying to explore under
cover of darkness Mrs-. IVTcClurg fell and
nearly lost her life. While she suffered
hunger and thirst, weariness, danger and
ram, it never occurred to her to give up
Lei plans. Never once did she show the
while feather, nor "did. she allow her
friends to become discouraged if she could
help it. - " / :''
All that could ever be dragged from her
was: "I am ; awfully anxious to have
-»ther women see what 1 have seen, and
so- thoroughly enjoyed, but I do not
want and sincerely trust that no woman
will ever suffer- ac 1 have done." .
The Inaccessibility of the dwellings was
the first and greatest obstacle , that con
fronted them. Unfortunately, they are
between thirty and forty miles fr-m any
railroad,. over a rough, wild, uninhabited
country, and the cliffs can be reached
only after a long and tiresome ride and
at great expense of time and- money.
The fix st object to be attained was the
wagon road. And that was where the
chief difficulty arose.
The Mesa Verde is a part of the LTte
reservation, and the Indians objected se
riously to white people traveling .' over
their, land. 'Finally Mrs. McClurg, who
kn«?w the Indian chief, hit upon d' clever
plan. She appeared before the council
and through an Interpreter asked to lease
the land at their own price.
' The end of it was that the chiefs signed
a lease giving the association the right to
build. and use a wagon road, and- it was
In consideration of the yearly sum of £500.
The road was immediately commenced,
and when it was finished a party of twen
ty-two started to celebrate* its formal
opening. They left the train at Manccs,
where they were received by Mrs. C. I*
Kldre'.;;e, Hie secretary of the association,
and Alfred Weatherill, one of the pioneer
pathfinder* of the Mesa Verde.
Ail that day they traveled, and when
the sun' hid Itself behind the cliff the
end of the road had Just been reached.
Only the most enthusiastic cared any
thing about cMffs or dwellings just Him.
All they wanted was a chance to sin 1.
ineli cramped limbs and to refresh the
inner man. The ruins would wait until
1 ii. n. 1 1 row.
r J 1..¦I ..¦ path to any house is long and
steep, and one Is obliged to scramble
mightily to get there at all. The easiest
.mi the Him to reach is the Sandal
House, or "Moccasin House," as it Is
sometimes called. This ruin is small, but
well preserved and beautiful. It neatU'fl
under a shelving rock for all the world
like a toy castle. There are two square
rooms; the round room, or estufa. as it
was called, and passageways around and
behind.it. All the doors are low and the
.windows are narrow. It looks more castle
like on account of its turrets, which a?.e
broken now and fallen Inu decay.
, One ruin baffled the most -courageous.
It seemed located in the heavens, yet the
two tiers, one above the other, in the
jutting; structure of the cliff, the upper
and lower houses being separated by a
narrow shelf ledge of rock, were tempt
ingly visible. All they could do was to
pause thousands of feet below it and name
It after Mrs. Mary Hemenway.
; : Those ancients must have been thrifty
souls, for every available building site
boasts of a fortress home. If the space
was small, then the house was correspond
ingly so. The smallest seem haTdiy capa
ble of holding more than one person and
one entertains grave doubts for their com
fort. In the various canyons there are
between live and six hundred dwellings
of different sizes.
The Cliff Palace stands like a miniature
impregnable fortress against the intense
.,•¦-/
blue of the sky. Just to look at it made
the hearts of some of the explorers sink.
They suddenly recollected that it would
be wisest not to leave the horses alone
and they stayed in camp to welcome the
weary wanderers home, fc
• While they . started out together they
soon fell into parties of twos and threes,
making their slow and tedious way wher
ever and however they could. It was a
terrible climb. In some places great piles
of rocks and fallen bowlders barred the
way, in others there were masses of tan
gled" brush and undergrowth which
scratched the hands and faces and tore
v the clothes.. Then again a precipitous
cliff made them crawl about it on their
hands and knees and the dizzy heights
would make them hang on cat-like by
means of knees, back, toes and fingers.
Anything rather than lose the balance
and be' dashed to pieces on the rocky
ledges below.' . The eleven who finally
reached the destination were dripping
with perspiration, parched with thirst %
shaking with exhaustion, torn,' scratched
and thoroughly weary.
Nothing mattered but rest and water.
The tired souls threw themselves down
to reft near the tiny spring that is at
the foot of the old Cliff Dwellers' stair
case.
Who cared whether the water was warm
and whether it was filled with wlgg'.ers
and plenty of dill? Not one there. U
was considered a matter of but lit lt; iiu
portai
A feeling almost of awe tilled the trav
elers as they gazed with reverence upon
the homes of a people mo'dorod to <1 e.i>
thousands of years its" The first impres
sion made upon all was one of intense
surprise. The ruin* are not the rude huts
of savages, hut, though primitive In
structure, have suggestions of architect
ural grace, The general sentiment In tha
first view of the Cliff Palace Is to marvel
nt its beauty. As it is. it is sheltered
from both storm and enemy, but it looks
lonely and Isolated; it is filled with tho
debris of its own ruins and the rooms axe
choked with dUS*.
The finest of all tlif dwellings in the
United States Is very large. It is fash
ioned very much like the popular apart
ment house of to-day. On the ground
floor there are 127 rooms, some- of them
very large, and some so small that they
look just Hire little ders.
There are two noticeable facts con
nected with the house. One of the khevi
.or c;-tuf:is shows the places for the sacred
tiro.-; and «sound -walls and ceilings. The
openings were from the top through
which admission was gained. None of the
three rooms bo situated has doors or
windows, and it is very evident that they
were used for religious and ceremonial
purposes. The other evidence was that
the same house was used for the dead as
for the living. Several of the walls were
tightly walled up. but when broken down
were found to contain well preserved
Eheletons.:
Pieces of hide, ears and cobs of corn,
pieces of feather cloth, urns and vases,
and reives made of yucca fiber, beside*
arrow heads, parts of bows, and some
remains of turkey bones, were- found, but
the vandal hands of sightseers have car
ried off every thins that it was possible
to remove. There is nothing now left ex
cepting that which is too heavy and too
unwieldy to carry away.
Spruce House, so called from the fact
that a monster spruce tree has grown up
through the walls, showing the ages that
must have come and gone since the tiny
seedling found its home in the ruins, is
the blessed, refuge of the visitor. Aside
from its romantic location, and the thick
growth of trees that affords the weary
traveler a little rest, there. ls a stream of
clear, cold water. To improve this spring
Mrs. John Hays Hammond has given
I'M) that it may be accessible to climbers.
There are about fifty or sixty rooms in
the house, but the walls are so badly
crumbled that it is Impossible to know
anything about them.
Balcony. House -Is in many respects the
best preserved of all. And again it shows
the most recent occupancy. ah the walla
are smooth and even the atones are well
fitted together. The . tower is still
straight, square, and has three windows.
The whole idea gathered is that a very
few men could hold out indefinitely
against a vastly superior enemy.
The names of* all these houses have
been derived from something connected
with them. For Instance, Balcony House
Is bo called from tho projection that was
undoubtedly used to Bit and rest upon.
Like all the ruins in Cliff Canyon' it la
difficult of access, and li filled with dry
dust and fallen walls.
The Colorado Cliff . Dwellers' Associa
tion has presented a bill asking that
"the cliff dwellings of Colorado shell not
be destroyed by time or vandalism, but
that they may be preserved for the bene
tit of scientific Investigation for years to
come."
1 this bill is passed, as It is confident
ly expected It will be, the ruins will
long remain a pride and a pleasure for
the people of the United States, and a
wonder and an attraction to foreign*WHAT TO DO.
I—Throw1 — Throw the weight of
your body on the balls of the
feet.
3 — Take long walks in the
early morning.
3 — Thrust your chest for
ward.
4— Hold your head high.
s—Breathe5 — Breathe deeply.
• / HROW away your bottled tonics.
I Get rid of paints and enamels.
1 Learn to walk.
c ' Learn to stand.
These two tricks comprise a big
. part of the secret of "how to be beauti
ful." You very probably think that you
know all about them now, that you al
ways have known, that everybody knows
Instinctively.
So we all do, likely enough, but we for
get. If you carried yourself when stand
ing and walking as you did when you
were a wee bit' of a youngster you would
be a better and a prettier woman to-day.
Perhaps you are one of the few women
• who know how. This is not for you, then".
The rest of you, come forward. There
Is a tip or two that may be worth your
while.
The word "better" was not used care
lessly. It meant better. For correct
standing and walking induce good health
and good health induces goodness. You
know that yourselves. Don't you always
make allowance lor the bad temper and
unreasonableness of cripples and blind
people and invalids en the ground of their
ill-hegllh? You call it an excuse for bad
ness, for cussedness in general. Can't
you reason, then, to the converse?
Correct standing and walking are val
uable as a means of improving one's ap
pearance, besides being conducive to good
health. It Is surprising how few women
arid or walk well. Many go along with
a slovenly, slouching gait, their shoulders
bent forward, the waist line, on a curve
and their heads down, thus making .1
god-forsaken appearance. Nut only do
they mar an otherwise beautiful figure,
. but they utterly destroy their vitality.
This Is one of the greatest and most
•common faults to be found the world
over. Women frequently appear to lack
pride when they assume ungainly posi
tions, but this is often not true at all;
they may simply lack muscular vigor of
the chest and .shoulder muscles, which
through disuse are allowed to starve and
80 weaken, In the end they refuse to do
their duty, i V*
There are certain muscles of the back,
around and between the- shoulders, which
if not exercised by holding a proper posl.
tioii of the body and other dally exercise
weaken and naturally incline to let the
shoulders droop forward. This in a short
time gives what we call round shoulders,
or a bottle back.
Never resort to the aid of shoulder
THK SUNDAY CALL.
EASY
LESSONS
IN
PHYSICAL
CULTURE
This is all that its title implies — "An Easy I>?sson in Physical
Culture." No apparatus is required. Very little time is needed. All
you have to do is to keep a few simple rulrs in mind and then see
that you live up to them. Other papers will follow this one, every one
of which will aim at common sonse and the greatest benefit for the
least trouble. These articles have been written by a woman who has
made a life study of physical culture, and they are written entirely
for women. %
braces, for they only tend to make mat
ters worse. Exercise the shoulders dally
by the use of dumbbells until, they be
come strong enough to keep from droop
ing. You will be surprised how easily
the shoulders will 'assume their proper
position.
Carrying the body properly tends to
produce a better mental condition. One
Is more cheerful and capable of doing bet
ter mental work.
Standing improperly is noticeable In its
Influence on the digestive organs. When
the shoulders are held correctly the stom
ach Is held higher and Is' more free; in
this way it more readily performs the
work of digestion.
The same with the lungs; the chest
being thrust out, the lungs are more^free,
and one is able to breathe much more
deeply. People as a rule do not seem to
realize how necessary air.is to the lungs,
and yet they know they could not live
twenty minutes without it. Then if air
is of .such vast importance, if it is so,
necessary to life, why not take la all the
fresh air we can jfet?
. The failure to breathe properly un
doubtedly causes many cases of consump
tion yearly.
If those who have a tendency to lung
trouble would take early morning walks
in the bracing fresh air, iirst sipping a
glass of very hot water before starting
OUt, and if they would pay a great deal
of attention to breathing, inhaling long
and deeply through the nostrils, and ex
haling .slowly through the mouth, and if
they would walk with a iniick, regular
Stride, holding the body erect with chest
prominent, it is more than probable that
in a few months they would forget that
they ever thought Of lung trouble.
There is no need to rob yourself of
needed sleep for this walk; 7 o'clock In
the morning la early enough for bracing
air. You can walk briskly, for about
twenty-rive or thirty minutes just' before
breakfast. If walking is very agreeable
to you take an hour's walk, but not as
long as that if it tires. Gradually in
crease the walk, it is too bad that most
women do not take more pleasure In this
exhilarating exereiite. How often they
exclaim: "Oh. how I hate to , walk! I
never walk when I can ride." This uc
counts for the slovenly gaits so often seen
and ridiculed. So long as these women
think' walking so disagreeable they will
never know thai there i.-> more real,
throbbing, pulsating joy in it than In any
other exercise. Cultivate your deter
mination and carry yourself past
the period when walking tires. Try walk-
Ing a short distance at 111 .-1 . nd gradu*
ally increase until the exercise becomes a
WHAT NOT TO DO.
I—Don't1 — Don't throw the weight
of your body on your heels.
2 — Don't let your shoulders
droop forward.
3 — Don't let streetcars spoil
you.
4— Don't carry your hsad
down.
s—Don't5 — Don't slouch.
pleasure. Here are a few suggestions for
walking and standing which any one can
follow without special instruction:
Women generally stand and walk with
the weight of the body thrown on the
heels. This position throws the body
backward and makes the abdomen pro
trude, which is decidedly to be avoided,
as it has a tendency to enlarge the abdo
men. The weight should rest on the ball 3
of the feet; this throws the body slightly
forward. This will seem hard to do at
Jirst, but practice will overcome the feel
ing of tipping forward. /
Do not hold the shoulders back; this
gives the appearance of rigidity. Any
thing that shows effort is incorrect. Sim
ply raise the chest and let the shouldeis
Jail naturally, thus giving the chest that
appearance of fullness and strength
which Is so desirable.
Hold the head proudly, which, of course,
means high; this gives more fresh air to
the lungs, helping them to cast off dirf
cuse.
Always be careful to carry the skirts
gracefully; nothing looks <iuite so untidy
as to drag the skirts through the dirt
of the Streets. It is not only untidy, but
it is tempting disease.
Tailors' or dressmakers' liest work
never shows to advantage on a bad llg
ure; well-hung skirt or tlnely fitting
coat >s wasted on the woman who stands
or walks Improperly! why? Because
atandlng and walking badly throws thu
lines of the garment out of their beatstl*
fui curves. Proper attention to the attl*
tude Is essential in jir< serving the lin S
of the figure and giving thai desirable
combination of tood health, style and dig*
nlty.
The kangaroo walk is to be very fash
lonable this" oomlni season, one shoull
i,, , greful in trying it, otherwise one i>re
i very ridiculous figure. i»o not
bend the upper body ova* too far; sim
ply rest the Welg'li of (lie bOdy oil the
balls ii! the feel as far forward ;'«; '« poast
iie. and the kangaroo walk will follow
nal uially.
uiiie Laagtry, Resile Carter an]
Blanche Walsh rest ths weight of the
body "ii the balls of the feet, which ac
eounti i" 1 the graceful forward iiu-liiiu
,l their liK'm s.
Once mon throw away tonics, and
lo Walk and . -land.
NOTE— Next Sunday the lesson
will be on some simple exercises es
pecially beneficial for stout women.
If you are too fat throw away your
bottles of flesh reducing drugs aud
try the advice you will tind in our
next easy lesson in physical cultui-'.
3m AYE you fallen. In love with the
1 V new golf vests? ¦ ',:
H'- If you have. not, then one or the
. i 1 I other of two .things Is certain—
.V either that you do not play. golf to
any extent or ¦ that j you are not •a y co-ed
and never, trip! gay ly over- the campus. ..¦
For they're, air the rage just at present,
and a fit and fine rage they are, too.
The girls who < got up early enough t»
defy the : winds that sweep over the Pre
sidio links found coats awfully In the
•way The sleeves bound 1 and > the action
of the arm was not as free as, it ought to
be to give a smashing blow. ¦'-> ': ¦•
- The next thing ; they.. -".tried was - a
sweater. Just an ordinary sweater, but it
Is 'such -a* homely. affair that only the:
. bravest really elf at all at home in them.
.And then "< again, there was the question ;,
of 'sleeves.. ' -.-' :.-.• •¦ ¦ -¦' ¦/< ¦•'¦ ¦**i'/
The manufacturers felt that something
" new was needed, but they couldn't tell ex
actly what. At last one: clever fellow hit
. upon the idea of : ; making a jersey that
would *be ¦, swagger • looKing 'and still be.
•warm and comlortable. >*.'¦•<* x'.'n .' '¦¦ .. ¦ •¦,
That man knew what he was about.
With his eye for business, he must have
bad one for golf. ; ; "? ¦:/"•> >- ; '.'-.
When Maud came from the East- she
had one packed away snugly in her trunk:
What a surprise she would spring on the
girls, but she wouldn't until there were
a lot of them on the clubhouse steps. OS
.It was a' soft" jersey, with raised ' ribs.','
The back fitted snugly and was made ¦¦ to
exactly fit the 'epace. between the top of..
the belt and edge of the collar. rßy way
; of contrast the front . was "striped ; wit n
white. There was the red and the white .
stripe alternating. The vest,, by the way,
was red, as most of them are. •,'•¦•..'.• ¦¦"¦"/,.•
. The collarless effect in still fashionable,
and this particular one; was like a man's
vest— V-shaped and double-breasted. The .,
,' buttons were put on .wide "at the -bottom
and narrowed^ toward the waist;' The last
two Were on the tiny dip 1 that all : the
•'kangaroo" i girls ; Insist on • having. -• ' '
To say that- she made a sensation would
be putting, it mildly: She was the envy
of all the girls' on the links, and half the
men were wondering how they could 'get
sweaters that would look half as swell as
. the dinky littl« vest did. , • •-¦
And that was the beginning of the golf
vest in San Francisco. -- . .-.• • - »,.••'
May told Alice and Bob told his sister,
and that. was the way it went. And then
the. White 'House did the rest.* The girls
tramjT-from hole to hole sublimely ¦ con
scious that they. look well,' that the snug
fitting: Jersey shows their figures to tlia
very best possible advantage.
Palo Alto Is not so fur away but that
Its girls see and know all thai is going on.
The gaudy red vests suited them exactly.
"What could be better for them to wear on'
the quad? • Nothing. They were perfec
tion. •
So the two classes of girls are rivals.
The only difference is: that Stanford go*;«
in for the red and the golfers are not
particular.' Anything swell or smart look
ing pleases in. in Just as well.
A dapper 'one is of a closely woven Jer
sey; not striped, but more on the dia
mond shape. White utars here and theru
suggest a stripe. There is a collar on this
one, but it.'is of*a broad red and whitd
plaid and the edge la bound in red silk,
The material Is very much like the reg
ular golfing, double faced. On the left
Bide there Is U tiny pocket just largo
enough for a watch, or for car fare. It
hardly looks < like one, it Is go email,
but it answers th« purpose juht the same.
.How the Jersey can be made into so
many different designs is a mystery to
most people. There are abuut a baker's
dozen, and every one of them is de
cidedly different. One wight think that
THE MANY COLORED NEW GOLF WESTNEW GOLD VESTS
the vests' would look very much alike, as
do many of. them are cut exactly the
same, and bo much of the dye came out
of the same package. Hut that Is not
so. They are as different as can be,
For instance, another red one is awfully
smart, yet the effect tells the tale, Every
one has seen hflw closely and how evenly
the Alaska Indiana weave their blankets.
Round and round, with never the slight
est deviation. Well, that weave is like
a part of this material. The colors are
jtUii^Mi iv pretty much the same fash
lon— many rows of red and then on*.
!¦? These /stripes of wool are- about two .
These stripes of wool are about two
Inches wide, and they are held together
¦with a rope. effect that gives the lengt 1
that la needed. .; The. white running on«
way and the re 1 the other gives it besides
the necessary length a *well tone.
All of the red ones are not made with
an Idea to please. • One looks very much
like what you might tall an, .educate.!
sweater. The jersey Is softer and mucli
lighter in weight., The back and front are
made of the fancy.: material, but the ;
-sleeves look^ust like the ordinary sweater
sleeve, with the exception. that the latter
nevef has cuffs. ¦;< > ". . , ¦'.
You pull a sweater on over the head an! i
the hair i suffers in consequence. That in
where the education comes In with th?.
vests. Some of them button up under the
right arm, across the shoulder and tightly,
around the throat.' A tape pulls them up .
snugly about the waist, and there is n>
room for the smallest breath- of air to .
find its way through. There are soma.
others very mucri like them, but they but- .
ton directly up the front. They s are
neither as pretty nor as comfortable a*
•. those -that laston on the side. Ihe but
tons act like a refractory collar button
> that persists in cutting into the £ cs V;
And Imagine what the bliss. would be .C
the button happened to be about four
limes larger. The exa-ct difference >s
this— four times more annoyance. . ' vl,.'v 1 ,.'
Some people do not fancy the woolen
: . sleeve*, but they. s feel ; the necessity
something, j even if it -Is light. So red
taffeta has been used as a successful •
substitute.. The. BleevG Is large and slips,
off and on easily. When the silk is used,
an the bindings are the same. The tiny
collar and revers are silk, the pocket Is
the fame and even the buttons match to
Ii nicety ' ¦ ' • r ' ' '¦ ' ' ' ' * * * * ' * ' *
The vests with sleeves are not worn by
the college girls. When it is cold enough,
to necessitate sleeves they get into a
Jacket and call II square. But the golf
girl is trying to wear something, that .will
keep her comfortable while playing, and ¦
that will answer the same purpose when
she has tossed her clubs aside. "
Bui don't Imagine for a moment that
the only color* that are popular are red
and white. There are a host ot others
that make quite as much noise and that
look quite as neat. ¦
Next to the red ones come black and
white. Borne think they are the swellest
ever, but the red comes in first at the i
finish. The black and white, of course,
come in plaids or stripes. The checks are
the prettiest. The jersey does not at
tempt to be fancy, in fact that is not
needed with the crossbars.-
Instead of stopping at the waist, they
are cut longer and extend over; the hips
several inches. As they are double
breasted, they can be drawn snugly to
gether, • and the curve at the' waist is
brought, into prominence. By way of va
riety, the buttons follow up and down ill
a .straight row, but they are not black
nor even white. They are gold and not
small gold ones either. No, they makd
quite a brave front.
Besides black and white, there are
greens and reds, blues anU yellows, en
tire blues, blacks, greens and whites.
There is hardly a color that Is not rep
resented, and sometimes one wonders if
the dyes hadn't run away with them
selves. The , gayer they are, the better
they seem to sell, and truly on the links
or campus they are .stunning.
Few of the vests are made of the pure
white. A touch of red, a dot of blue or %
J fleck of black, just a .-suspicion, you know,
gives them a little tone that they seem '
to need.6
CALIFORNIA'S BEST KNOWN CLUB
•— -VOBKRT BURDETTE says that
fj when he married the present Mrs.
Jr\ Robert Burdette he became a club
X woman. •
When a wife can make a club
"woman out of a man it shows what she
can accomplish. Mrs. Burdette has prob
ably been instrumental In making as many
club women as any one in the State of
California, and when she and Mr. Bur
dette joined hands they also joined forces
and have been "clubbing it" jointly ever
since.
The first thing accomplished after both
of' them set to work In this partnership
was her election to the State presidency.
California clubs decided, after much ar
gument, to federate; having federated
they decided to elect Mrs. Burdette to be
their president.
That happened in 1900. Up to that time
»he had been identified chiefly with the.
J'bell Club of I*o3 Angeles.
Her home has for a long time been In
Pasadena, one of the Orange Grove av
enue homes that are counted very nice to
live in. As Pasadena, is hardly lury.'
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"California's Best Known Club
Women!" Do you know who they areP
Cr, in knowing who they are, ha\«s
you ever studied their personalities
to know why they should be consid
ered the "best known"? This s'tetch
cf Mrs. Robert Burdette is the fii 3t in
an interesting series on just those
lines.
enough to be energetic in ¦ the matter of
woman's clubs, Mrs. Burdette drifted Into
the work in the big sister town and tha
Ebell claimed her.
In the BbeU she used her influence to
ward the same ends that she. is working
for now as State president. . Among club
women she stands out noticeably as a
champion of the home life. They all do
this in their words, but Mrs. Burden
shows by her life that she means it. Her
home Is a great deal more to her than her
club. 7.^;
"Club life for women Is an evolution
and has not reached Its highest type," she
Bays. "Ten years ago the evolution was
represented by 'self-culture'; then culture
of self through culture of neighbor; then
culture through service. There was once
danger of woman's training her head at
the cost of her heart, but that danger
seems now to be past. No work is good
that does not emanate from the home, in
its results return to the hnm». and it must
be always secondary to the home." ,
This is Ihe keynote of her teachings and
she not only leaches but follows her own
instructions Hire the good divine. Her
home is a typical homo of the south
roomy, spreading, with plenty of lawn,
plenty of piazzas; above all, plenty of
hospitality.
The Burdetteß are Californlans in the
proverbial sense of the word. They believe
that their house is for the purpose of en
tertaining friends. They eat less than half
their dinners alone and the entertainments
they give are known for their lavlshness.
"Bob" furnishes good wit for the least and
Ills wife's tact keeps the wheels of tho
entertainment running smoothly.
With all this life as a hostess she has
found time to start work and keep it go
ing among . her own sex. The public
school reform has been one that has in
terested her and she has worked diligent
ly to drive politics out of the system and
to arouse the, desire for higher standards
of instruction, Another of her lines of
work has been for preserving the forests
of this State.
She said once In an address: "The wom
en of New Jersey are saving the Palisades
of the Hudson from destruction by men,
to whose greedy souls Mount Sinai is only
a stone quarry; the women of Colorado
Sarah
Com-
stock
nro saving: tneir elilT' dwellings and pueb
lo ruins; here In California we must pre
serve our forests from men whose souls
are ganawws."
Nor is she a sentimentalist on the sub
ject, but a strictly practical, scientific
thinker. At that time she pointed out the
reason for saving the forests on account
of the water supply guarded by their
shades. She was one of the foremost in
promoting the work that has 'since been
carried out.
Another of her watchwords is. "^ref
ormation Is better than reformation."
"Let us keep out vice," she warns her
hearers again and again, "California has
not yet become infected with slums such
as the Eastern cities know. Let us keep
out slum's Instead of trying to drive them
out after they 'have been Implanted here."
In appearance Mrs. Burdette is the last
woman of whom you would expect radical
and vigorous views. She is small, gentle
in manner, having a soft voice that with
some difficulty reaches all its listeners and
a face that shows more sweet good tem
per than strenuousness. She is rather
round-faced. In fact, and extremely rosy.
There is something in her smile that is
almost childlike and absurdly in contrast
with the proverbial expression of the
"clubwoman." "',' •;¦ • \^
She is not eccentric in dress. Srlte' is
blessed with a good plenty of money, with
which she buys expensive gowns when
she goes East or to Europe, and the wom
en of Southern California have come to
look for the latest styles from Mrs. Bur
. dette, as if she belonged to the social
whirl or to the stage. Think of looking
for Paris fashions from a club woman!
1 She has not a striking personal appear
ance, and although she is a good speaker
and an earnest one she has won out by
means of something else. It is her tact.
This tact is what makes her a food host
ess and a good presiding officer. She 13 ••
satisfactory, more than that, upon the
platform In her official capacity; but the
truth Is that her real power shows itself
when she leaves the chair, descends from
the platform and drinks afternoon tea
with the club members aa an excuse for
"heart-to-hearts."
The people who think that club life un
fits a woman for romance will find them
selves up against a serious obstacle when
they confront her pretty little, story. The
most romantic kind of a romance is told
of her and "Hob" Burdetto— how they
loved when they were very young and
very poor, and the latter adjective was
what enforced their separation. After
they had drifted they each married some
body else, but it seems that the first love
was not dead; for years later when tha
widower, a successful man, was carried
by fato across the path of the wealthy
widow they had their courtship all over
again, and the result is an Arcadian exist
tence in Pasadena,Etiquette
MRS. BURTON KINGSLAND
A GENERAL WORD ABOUT
GOOD MANNERS
AND FORM.
(Copvriulit, 19C1, by DdubleJay. I'age & Co.)
«^-r n American traveler, when once
[ I rallied upon the fact that, there
( -I was no aristocracy in his country,
V, I replied, "Pardon me, you forget
X our women!"
it was gallantly said, and characteris
tic of tin- chivalry that has always been
co marked a trait of American manhood.
it Is the stock reproach umong Euro
]k ans toward us— this lack of aristocracy
—which politely but thinly veils their con
viction that 'we are a nation of rich and
Tin: SUNDAY CALL,
prosperous parvenus. I "We resent the re
flection because it seems to imply the
lack of qualities which, to our minds, the
word stands for. Now we believe the out
ward and visible signs of aristocracy tire
shown in perfect breeding, charm of man
ner and unfailing courtesy, of which the
Inward grace is an instinctive refinement
that is not merely a decorutlve attribute.
it is not given to every man to be what,
in common parlance, la called "born .1
gentleman," but if his birth be not gentle,
his manners may make him bo; for "ho
Is gentll," says Chaucer, "who doth gentll
di'dis." Habit Is second nature.
As a man may be wise without lear
ning, M he may be polite without cii
quette.
At the root of fine manners, however,
usually lie tho eternal principles \tt kind.
net- .•? and thoughtfulness; and, as some
one lias said, although courtesy is not
Christianity, it is a very good imitation
of it, since most of the iulcb of etiquette
nro bnsed upon luttelflshriegfl and the
proper regard for the feelings of cl her
pei pl( .
The custom of leaving a card for every
member of a family when calling Is de
¦ i:- in (I to give assurance that i;n ii per-
Bon has been distinguished individually in
fine's thought. We wake Careful toilets
In vislfing and receiving our friends, to
do then, honnf.
\'e call promptly upon our hostess nfter
an entertainment to prove ourselves not
ungrateful for the trouble that she has
taken to give us pleasure. We are expect
(d tO talk in In*-, well-bred tones that
v.i may not disturb our neighbor's
thought or conversation. A host has the
first drops of a fresh bottle of wine
poured Into his glass, lest a bit or the
cork might, by chance, incommode his
Burst.
There i-< a tacit understanding that, we
¦hall be agreeable to one another, always
putting the" best on. the outside and keep
ing our private woes to ourselves..
People have agreed upon, certain con
ventions which have through the ag«a
grown Into a code— a decalogue of good
behavior. , . ~*"V~
There are circumstances where even tn"
"golden rule"— which exhausts most of
the requirements of politeness— falls us.
As an Instance of this: A very young girl
at her first dance was offered a seat by
her partner during one of the. panting
pauses of a waltz, whereupon she an
swered with instinctive unselfishness, but
with entire ignorance of etiquette, "Oh, I
am not tired; you sit down!"
The conventional conduct s known as
"good form," or the lack of it, brings un
erring revelation of a person's social ad
vantages and position, and proclaims him
a provincial or a cosmopolitan.
A man who attempts to combine the at
tractions of wine and of Iced water by
making the "sorbet" the accompaniment
to his entire dinner, or orders a large cup
of coffe«< with milk at the conclusion of
the meal, may be a more worthy member'
Of society, a liner "specimen of manhood,
than the gilded youth of fashionable cir
cles, but he would not he regarded as U
man of refinement, hardly as a gentle
man, by the privileged classes here or In
Europe.
The social code has been written ana
reviewed us much or more perhupa than
any other code of laws in the world. The
whirligig of time brings about so many
olmnises that what was orthodoxy In ono
age is heterodoxy in the next. For exam
ple, twenty years ago the favorite man
ner of announcing an engagement In New
York was for the happy couple to be
Been ai m In arm on tome fashionable
tip. i i,ii>. iiC.-ih- on Sunday after eunuch,
"I i..v. VUigafl i low provincial! " ax
claims the pr*-Fcnt generation, Uut what
would they think of the manners of me
more remote forbears, when, as bride an l
Broom making their first appearance in
inarch, tiny proudly took the most prom
inent sents ami in the middle of the ser
mon deliberately rose and turned slowly
around several times to display their weu
ding tiiK-ry fuily and unbiushingiy / Thla
extraordinary exhibition is vouched for
upon urultsputably good authority.
The word "etiquette" mean) originally
a ticket or tan amxed to a bag or bundle
in note its contents. From th.s the word
parsed to certain cards, which, during the
reign of Louis xiv or France, were given
by the court functionary to cum guest,
upon which were written the chief rules
oi the conduct to be observed. The word
has bean preserved tor lack of a-better
to express the recognised standard of be
havior among persons entitled to be con
sidered In good society. Its uiedern Eng
lish equivalent is "good form." The one
expression is as open In the reproach if
being ' slang" m in.' other.
Our own social code is patterned largely
after the usages in favor among- me £ns>
lish upper classes, although the** are oc
casions upon which we are a law unto
ourselves. The '•Mother-isle * seta us the
example, but, having reached^ our matur
ity, we, Ln common with other grown-up
children, assume the direction of cur con
duct when we please.
Daniel Webster said, after a- visit to
England' "The rule of politeness there is
to be quiet, act naturally, take no airs
and make no bustle. This perfect breed
ing has cost a treat deal of drill."
We have among ourselves a largo often
of quiet ladies and gentlemen,, with minds
broadened by travel and association with
cultured people, with Inherited traditions
Of good breeding and : well versed in the
social ethics of the older civilizations. To
them wo may defer, to them safely look
for direction.
gj It is only the chimney-corner philos
opher who scorns and sneers at learning
lie rules of etiuuette.
In the changeful conditions of our so
ciety, where, unlrammeled by class re
iltrictlcm, all may make their way to emi
nence, there is need of guidance In mat
ters, social and fortunately ¦ a universal*
recognition of their importance. Many,
all over the country, are asking for cli
rection and for definite laws of conduct
to be observed, according to the most re
cent decrees of fashion.
There is nothing derogatory: to us that
wo arc not all conversant with the latest
forms of conventionality. Our society is
in evolution, but' the; anxiety to learn, tho.
Often painful dread of making a mistake,
is reassuring. They are "growing pains."
Bonaparte took lessons of the great
actor, Talma, how to comport himself In
his new dignity and had his court drilled
in etiquette as he did his army in military
tactics.
When the great, Catherine of Russl i
gave receptions to her nobility she was
obliged to publish certain rules of con- .
duct that would be unnecessary now with
the most untaught peasant. Gentlemen •
were not to get drunk before the feavi
was ended: ladies were enjoined not !•
'wipe their mouths on the table cloth, ana
noblemen were forbidden to strike the r
wives in company. The curiosity is sti.
to be met with.- in books . on table tnus
and the edict no doubt. was needed. - '
Formerly there was an etiquette of war.
The Frenchmen at Fontenoy, face to he ••••
with their • English opponents, poliiv v
bade tHem "fire -first." But these woJ.'
mannered men oppressed their peasant*',
and' in private broke all. the comm;>iil-
JTK'iits of courtesy which we revere.
• This discrepancy betwecn^form and fact
has brought discredit upon the •• subject"
of polite observances in the minds of'
some, who say: "Give us truth bcfoie
all things." .They say that rules of eti
quette involve a degree of dissimulalioii
that often implicates us in positive hypoc
risy, in unequivocal falsehood that none
should justify. They ask "Why palliate
untruths because they seem a kind of so
cial obligation?" ¦ ,•—•'"
This is a question for social casuists to
decide. " No thinking person would under
value truth, but, like -all good things, it
may be carried to excess...: .
. A very, amiable woman once called upon
a friend with a. new-born baby. "Isn't
she a pretty baby?" asked the delighted
mother. An affirmative answer was given,'
but the next day the mother ' received a
note saving: "On reflection I have con
cluded that I was not truthful when I
said your ba"by was pretty. I do not think
her a pretty baby, but I don't doubt that
•she is a good one and 1 hope may prove
a great joy to you."
One cannot but feel that In this instance
Truth was wounded in the house of her
friends. The deeper truth of kindness and
sympathy that for the moment saw the ¦
baby through its mother's loving eyes
was sacrificed to the surface truth that
appeared after cool and unsympathetic
reflection.
We are not Justified, however, in de
claring to a friend that we are bored at
an entertainment and are going home and
In the/iext breath telling our hostess that '
we are indebted to her for a very delight
ful evening.
Nor may we say to our friend, "Don't
Introduce me to that cad," and the next
minute while shaking his hand repeat the
formula, "Happy to meet you"— unless one
can say it in such level perfunctory tones
that conventionality owes nothing to cor
diality and yet is satisfied,.
Politeness consists in repressing ill
natured comments In the first place, not
in asserting the contrary afterward.
There are a few persons who are rebel*
lious about some rules of etiquette which
seem useless for those of high moral cal
iber; but as other laws are made for the
majority, bo are those of social conven
tion* especially for those who are prone
to transgress.
Under th* head of such forma come the
rules of chaperonaße and most Important
it is that all young men and women
should observe the formalities ordained,
in their Intercourse with each other, no
mattar how well-fitted they may be in par
ticular instances to take care of them
selves. One Is compelled sometimes to
make personal sacrifices for the food of
the many.
Of course very few. of the rules of good
form are absolute and unchangeable and
they must be more or less regulated by
ii<- standards of the people one lives with
and the requirements of the place m
which one resides. i ;
The old riddle asks. "What is the key
note to good manners?" The answer ••¦<-
natural." Natural . manners are always
the most charming*, provided that one is
w.i! bred, otherwise the self-revelation is
unpleasant. The "fashionable" manner of
to day is simple, cordial and free from all
affectation.
Good manners inspired by B*o*4 prin
ciples, prompted by good fellowship, pol
ished by good form, will (it one for good
society anywhere.
78
THE SUNDAY CAM,,Sunday
Call
Magazine
Section10
HOW HELEN HYDE
STUDIED ART IN JAPAN
FRESH from the realms of the Mi
kado,, from the land of poetry
and wistaria, of romance and
contentment, comes Helen Hyoo
with a goodly store of new Ideas
:"n her head, and an equally goodly store
of beautiful water colors and illuminate -.;
etchings in her trunk. In fact, the giant
Saratogas are filled to the brim with
treasures, to say nothing of the boxes
and bundles, round, cblcr;g and square,
all sizes and shapes. 1 found her in her
roomy studio, away out on Union street,
in the confusion and fascination of un
packing these various bundles of em
broidered draperies, dull red, eld golds
and blues: dragons, sohjis. thunder gods.
Miss Hy de journeyed to Japan two
years ago, expressly to make a study of
the children, but after a year there so
many possibilities presented themselves
that the time was lengthened in order to
make a study of the once famous Kano
school of painting, which has won d':s
dinction from its individuality, its bold
ness of execution and simplicity in finish.
In all Japan but one representative of
this long unbroken line of ancestry, dat
ing from the fifteenth century, remains.
Each generation has been marked by
painters whose names are famous
throughout the world, and whose works
are still preserved in the British Na
tional Museum. Old Ka: the one sur
vivor, already bent with age, lacks am
bition, and unless some one ccmes forth
from the student element with force and
character to work a reformation and a
revival of this method, the once famous
'Academy of Kano. which was to Japan
what the Beaux Arts and Julien Academy
are now to France, wiil become but a
memory. With the Ingress of foreign in
nuenct-. togther with that sometimes fatal
trait of imitation, a new school, a C 'm
posite of the French, German, Chinese,
and a dash of the ancient Japanese, has.
been adopted, and the result? is not very
satisfactory.
The art of Japan is losing its individu
ality. The Japanese are -rally ac
cused of «ne great fault In landscape, the
failure to get perspective, but frcm the
originals which Miss Hyde brought with
work from the brush of Hiroshigo,
one of the most prolific of the present
-'ay landscape painters: also that of
Hokcsai — the perspective is excellent, and
Mis? Hyde says while attending: th<- ¦ x-.
position given in Tokio she found only ,
one fault particularly noticeable; good j
in composition, good in color, good in
technique, but atrociously bad in draw
ing, and this applies to nearly all of the
modern schools in Japan. This fact is due
probably to the general aversion to work- j
ing from models.
In Japan it is .only in very exceptional ,
cases where models are employed ; all is
trusted to the memory, which is certainly
marvelous. Sometimes the landscape
painters make sketch studies, but even
then seMom use th m, preferring instead
t*--t vision which. the brain had photo
giaphca. This accounts for the lack of
detail in all Japanese work, but aside from
a poor drawirg- there are many things in
the ancient Japanese school from which
our artists could learn much— for instance,
deftness, accuracy and rapid execution.
There is no scraping QUt with a palette
knife, no retracing of a step once made,
lor most of the painting is done on silk
and absorbent material, and each stroke,
each tone mu:t be clear to the mind's 'eye
before the brush is. touched; then with
firm, bold strokes the flowers, trees and
birds are. painted in with almost on.;
Sourish Of the brush. To illustrate how
accurate execution is taught by Kano
Miss Hyde selected a brush from a num
ber of unwie^dly looking tools appearing
more like whlskbrccms than anything
else. ior seme of them art- fu!ly three
inches In width and are made from a
stiff, wiry rice straw. Then laying a pa
per on the floor she knelt after the man
ner of ail Japanese. painters and bending
over made a quick dab, a flourish, then
with a lightning turn of the wrist 'twaa
dene and all In ore stroke without re
moving the brush from the paper, a grape
leaf perfect in shading, Blushed In detail;
all but the vt-ining, which was traced In
with a tiny hairbrush. "How did you d ¦
it?" I gasped, remembering that some
artists take fully' five minutes to gk the
proper 'shading of a leaf. "Weil, it took
me just a year to find out." laughed Miss
Hyde. The secret ol blending is to let th.»
brush make its own blend. For Instance,
a figure like this you have two saucers—
one with dark gray ink, another with
light. You dip ore tide of the brush in
the dark, the other in the light. The col
ors run together and blend in the bristles.
So prepared, make one long sweep, heavy
pressure on the shoulder for the shading,
then lightly. You see this makes the gar
ment. Then one upward stroke without
removing the brush. One stroke for the
liaU Slap, dash flourish. It's done. At
least that's the way it looked while try
ing to fellow the movements of her brush.
Has a.-BUTT'e* m ff $ ffcart, y^ j^PS W*Z an* W* !T -
ABULLKT in a living, pulsating hu
man heart, rising and throbbing
with each throb of that engine of
life, a leaden defiance of the laws
and traditions of surgery, was seen when
W. <\ Frchs, in his laboratory in the
Schiller bundles-, turned the Roentgen
upon me chrst of C. B. Nelson of
Cadillac, Mich.
Mr. Nelson has carried this unique
souvenir of a murderous attack for more
than four years. He expects to carry It
many more years, tor at the age of i£ he
OF INTEREST TO ART
ISTS AND THOSE ARTIS
TICALLY INCLINED.
DRAWING AND PAINTING .
AS PRACTICED IN THE
REALMS OF THE MIKADO,
THE LAND OF SONGBIRDS
AND FLOWERS. .
WHAT A SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL MAS SEEN AND DONE >
THERE.
THE DAINTY COLOR
PRINTING OF JAPAN.
A splendid system for illustrating and
ore which Mil Hyde has" used to illus
trate the book of "Japanese Jingles," now
at tr-0 publisher's and which was written
by ; Miss Mabel Hyde, who spent the
greater part of the two years with her
e'eter InNikko. The effect is quuint, and
the little tigures done with a few bold
strokes are like a story .simply told—ex
quisite in "simplicity, yet ifuite as con
vincing as more detail.
¦ In the quaint little village of Nikko, lit
tle City of Temples, nestled cozlly In' the
midst . of sweet-smelling foliage, Miss
Hyde made her home, and there every
day. with the- regularity of clockwork,
click, click, en the porch fell the wooden
shoes of the closely shaven and bald
headed-old Master Kano, come to give a
lesson to his foreign pupil, of [ whom he
was more than proud, j Down on his knees
in the Studio he would mark out the les
son. Then withdraw -to a soft mat and
with his cup of tea proceed to enjoy him
vi^nr ?? as an ox and full of health and
\igor. lie endures lite without the siight
hJxvi^°^ Yenl ?J lc J e (. rom the bullet in his
Ufifrri a " d X lslted the specialist in X-rays
merely to learn whather the bullet had
shifted ..lts position. ..Nelson's-, case is re
markable in the annals of surgery. The
snooting: was as mysterious as the result
is wonderful. •
One evening: in the summer of 1896 Nel
son and Miss Marguerite Staples were
sitting on the banks of a lagoon in Wash
ington Park. Suddenly a negro I thrust his
head from a clump of bushes and fired a
revolver at Mr. Nelson. Nelson : ' fell 'to
the ground and the police came in answer
THE SUNDAY CALL.
self while he watched with admiring eyes
the struggle of the American girl to ac
quire the deft turn of the wrist, wherein
lies the secret of success in Japanese art.
He is not accustomed to the sticktoitive
ncss of our American people, and he shook
his wise, old - head and marveled at the
great progress made in so short a time by
hip apt pupil.
Through his advice two of Miss Hyde.?
pictures were sent to the Japanese exhi
bition in Tokio and there . received tho
first prize, an honor not often given to a
foreigner. Miss Hyde has still another
art at her command and also another
honor, for she has the distinction of being
the. first foreign woman to learn the pro
cess of " printing .in * color from wood
blocks, a system which is nearly two Cen
turies old. The technique of wood engrav
ing for book illustrating and color print
ing is an important study. Boards planed
to a smooth surface are used; upon this
a thin transparent paper upon which a
design has been traced is pasted face
down on the block. Sometimes to make
this more clear the paper is oiled to make
every line visible; the outline is then cut
completely away with a knife and - the
engraved block is ready for use. In black
and white one block only is used, but in
color printing a separate block for each
color must be • made, sometimes for an
elaborate design a; scries of as many as
eight or ten blocks being used. ' The color
la mixed and laid on the block with a Hat.
thick brush, rice paste being used to set
the shade; " then paper, generally that
made from the mulberry bark, is damp
ened' arid laid on the design, and the im
pression is taken. This process is repeated
with each color; on separate blocks, -the
result being beautiful prints in soft tone,
which can be obtained in no other way.
Miss Hyde has mastered the art of
printing in color, and also that of mak
ing her own blocks, and soon in an aux
iliary studio : there • will be a pile of
smoothly planed boards, and this young
to Miss Stanles' screams. The negro,
who wad presumably insane, was never
at the Chicago Hospital
found the bullet in the pericardium,
where it had become imbedded in the
muscles They told Nelson that he had
one chance in a thousand to live, and that
an operation would mean a quicker death.
Nelson took the chance. He said he would
live and carry the bullet with him. To
the wonder of the medical world his pro
phecy proved true.
The examination showed that the posi
tion of the bullet has not changed in the
slightest degree.— tenver Republican.
lady will do her own carving.
This color printing in its exquisite
daintiness is sure tQ be popular in Amer
ica. Miss Hyde has an exhibition of her
recent work in Viekery's gallery on Post
street. Exhibitions in New York, Chicago
and Denver will be given alsd Miss Hyde
says that when she sees our old China
town again she is tempted to paint, for
the field is rich in material. This youn^j
lady's work in Chinatown scenes, figure
and etching, is well known throughout
the United States, and the fact that she
has returned with fresh themes and new
ideas, which she will use to perfect and
make more forcible her old line, will be
heralded with pleasure by her admirers
• vi iy v/hcre.
Of the Japanese people Miss Hyde has
many interesting things to say, but the
most salient point is the one that is
Americanizing Japan — the tendency to
adopt our less beautiful, less picturesque,
and, pity 'tis, 'tis true, far less com
iortable mode of, dress. The Empress
and all ladies of high degree now never
appear in public in native' costume, but
are finely decorated in the prevailing
fashion of high heels and tight corsets.
There is a club called the Monday Club
organized by the wives of the foreign
Ministers, and here the society of Nikko
gather, dispense business, chat and drink
ocba, "honorable tea," very much after
the fashion "honcfracle tea " is dispensed
in San Francisco; and here, too, educa
tional problems are discussed, and at one
meeting at which the Misses Hyde were
guests of honor a paper on astronomy
find the forces of gravity was read.
Japan is Surely progressing— that i«,
from one point of view. There has also
recently been organized in Nikko a bicy
cle club. Think of the dear little doh
faced Oriental women on bicycles. I aske.l -
if bloomers were worn, but they are nor.
Up to the present date emancipation has
only perched them on wheels, and over
the Kimonos a "hakama." a pleated
heavy material, is worn. But one thin^j
particularly fascinating about these peo
ple is their cool way of looking at things.
Whatever goes on in the inner hearts of
the little brown men, they, certainly ai
ways present a calm exterior. Should a
train break down and a delay of an hour
is made imperative, the business mar
thereon with an important engagement
at a certain hour does not rave, stamp
and tear his hatr. Ke simply takes oift a
little pocket pamphlet and smilingly says,
"Ihikata ga nai." ("It can't be helped."')
Philosophers to the manner born, and nor ,
a bad trait after all. But throughout. tho ]
empire, fear is the power, that inherited j
fear which has been handed down from j
generation to generation from the days ;
when treachery and bloodshed were prey- ]
alent, when men were dragged to the 1
block without i word of defense; and now 1
when this condition no longer exists fear i
has still become second nature, and there 1
!s a mock courtesy, a system of elaborate 1
salaams which are so fascinating to the :
ADROIT HINDOO
THIEVES
/Host /HepvgTeUsiy Clgi^y
/HanipUtetors.
.-•¦»..'
VERY Interesting and Valuable re-
A port was issued several years alto
by the inspector of prisons or the
Indian empire, in whfch almost
incredible accounts are given of the prac
tice of invisibility by the thieves of lower
Bombay. The thieves themselves, *""
better reason, feel doubly secu/e. for IT.
in spite of his invisibility, by some un
looked for and unlucky chance one is
seized his oily body slips away like an
•eel*, and in the still more unlikely con
tingency of his .being held with an un
breakable grip he has, along by a slender
cord about his neck, a little knife with an
edge as sharp .as that of, the ktenest
razor, with- which he cuts the t^ilons of
the intruding wrist. . This, however, he
considers a last resort, for M pricles him
self upon doing his work without inflict
ing bodily harm upon his victims.- To en
ter a zenana, or the women's apartment
in a native house, ~w here all the family
treasures are kept" is the ambition of
every native thief. Thy* is no easy mat
ter, for the zenana. is the center of the
' house, surrounded by other apartments
occupied by ever wakeful sentinels. In
order to reach it the thief burrows under
the house until his tunnel reaches a point
beneath the floor of .the room to which
access is sought. But the cautious native
; does not at once enter. Full well he
knows that the inmates of the house
sometimes detect the miner at work and
stand. over the hole, armed with deadly
weapons, silently awaiting his appear
ance. . .
¦ He has with him a piece of bamboo, at
one end of which a bunch of grass repre
sents a human head, and this he thrusts
up through the completed breach. If the
vicarious head does not come to grief the
i real one takes its place, and the thief en
tering the zenana secretes himself, or,
finding everything already favorable for
the purpose proceeds to attempt what
seems an impossible under taking. This,
indeed, is no less a task than to remove
irom the ears and arms ami noses the
earrings, bracelets, armlets, bangles and
nose rings of the sleepers without awak
ening them and to get safely away with
his plunder. Who but a dacoit would be
§qual to so delicate, dangerous and diffi
cult a piece of work? But the dacoit sel
dom fails. "These adroit burglars," says
my authority, "commit the most daring
robberies in the midst of the English
army. Knowing the position of the tents,
they mark out one which is occupied by
an officer of high rank and creep silently
foreigner, but are really only veneer. a
man may. address his worst enemy ad
your honorable worship, and with many
smiles express wishes for his good health,
all the time, perhaps, locating a/part of
his anatomy .wherein a knife thrust wouH
be most efficacious. through fear every
thing is accomplished. If one wishes a
favor he must hunt up some one who i
under obligation to him. and who in turn
finds some one in th? same condition, an 1
so on until the last unhappy victim Ut
toward it. Arrived at the tent their sharp
knife makrs them a doer in the canvas
and they slide undiscovered into the in
trrior. Indeed, so wonderfully adroit are
tliey that eyeu the very watchdogs do
not discover them, and a thief ha 3 been
known to actually step over a dog with
out 'disturbing '.he animal."
But the most marveiously clever device
practiced by the thieves of lower Bombay
is that used by the: Mooches in throwing
pursuers eft their track. The Mooches
come down in gangs from the back coun
try and raid the settlements. Their spe
cialty is poisoning cattle. They smeSj^
plantain leaves with their own particu
lar brand ©I cattle exterminator and scat
ter them about among the herds at night.
In the morning as many of the cattle as
hr.ye partaken are dead and have been
abandoned by their owners. The Mooches
Hay the dead animals and sell their hides.
Pursued, these honest creatures make at
full speed for the jungle. If they reach it
all hope of capturing them is at an end,
but even when they discover that they
must be overtaken before they reach it
they by no means lose heart, and are
measurably sure of escaping, especially
if. as is often the case in India, the sur
face is. burned over and the trees and
bushes that have not been consumed are
charred and blackened and bereft of their
foliage, and many perhaps reduced to lit
tle more than blackened stumps by th»
fire by which the fields are annually
burned over. If hard pressed in such a
country, as this they cease to fly and im
mediately disappear For a long time the
English troops w lich police districts
where they made their raids were com
pletely nonplused: again and again, on
the very point of being captured, tha
Mooches escaped by miraculously vanish
ing, and the officers as well as the sol
diers became superstitious. "With the
power of maintaining fixed, immovable
postures, in which t^ieir. race seems to ex
cel, these Indians, grasping in their "han,ds
such blackened branches as they pick t*
.in their flight, can instantly assume an«
retain for a long time an almost perfect
mimicry of the groups of blackened
stumps and half-burned, stunted trees
with which the country abounds. In Abys
sinia the Bareas tribe have the same trick
of becoming invisible, added 'to which
they place their rounded shields, that dis
posed in the grass look exactly like
bowlders, before them for screens, while
they lie Bat, watching unseen for travel
ers to rob or enemies to kill.— New Penny
Magazine. ¦:. J} -
ran tc the srouiia.* and he then, turntr.
smiles and says what pleasure it will
give him to do as his honorable frier'l
desires. Oh! the art of diplomacy. It "¦
the keynote of Japan. Yet with a'l th's
little vein cf tragedy it is v land of poe
try, of -sunshine, of many children, of
comparatively good circumstances an i
immaculate cleanliness. Pi!t the Sooct^il*")
the evil points in a scale, the iormer J
be- found the heavier. ">^
> ¦ HARRIET. QUIiIBY./AHERE IS EOFE FOR THf STAGE-STEUCK GIRLS OF CALI
FORNIA.
SEE WHAT YOUR FAIR SISTERS HAVE ACCOMPLISHED
BEFORE YOU.
MANY A VAME RECORDED BELOW IS NOW SO IDENTI
FIED WITH THE WORD -STAR ' THAT THE WORD "CALIFOR
NIA" HAS BEEN OVERLOOKED.
STILL ALL THESE STAGE FAVORITES MET THEIR FIRST
SUCCESSES HERE.
WHEN' a stage-struck girl tells
an Eastern manager that she
is from California, it counts
one for that girl.
This is always a dangerous
thing 1 to announce. it is hard on the
managers to let it out. For doubtless
there are California girls who are not
born actresses, and it's a mean trick to
turn ¦hem loose on weary theatrical men.
Hut it's the truth, Cor all that: a Cali
fornia birthplace or experience is looked
•upon as a mascot by all who know Cali
fornia's reputation.
If San Francisco could corral her dra
matic celebrities as they come back and
keep "hem here, she would never be ac
credited a "jay town" by theatrical folk.
For the has been prolific in dramatic
geniuses since the days "when the old
miner weighed out his gold dust at the
box o:lßce for admission.
Lotta. was one of our earliest stars. She
pave to the city the fountain at the
corner of Kearny and Market as a mem
orial of gratitude to .the first city that
recognized her ability as an actress.
Blanche Bates, "Our Blanche," went
to the public schools of this city, gradu-
«t*4 from them, and taught in them be
fore she finally bowed before the foot
lights. Frawley recommended her to
Oriffen & Neill in Denver. Frawley was
their leading man and stage manager. He
recommended Blanche for "utility wom
an," which is a stage expression, and
means one who takes small parts hi a
play, the little odds and ends of roles.
Blanche was glad of the chance to show
her mt-ttle.
"During these years of her apprentice
ship she worked hard," says Mr. Ncill,
"doinjr everything with that thoroughness
that has characterized her work always.
"Sometimes when she was assigned a
email part she would come to me crying
and begging for heavier work."
Once Blanche sold tickets in the box
office to help out.
It was at the Lyceum Theater in Den
ver. Griffen had charge of the box
office while Neill was back on the stage.
One Eifternoon riff en was called away
fend Blanche Bates volunteered her ser
vices, and she sold tickets well, too.
Griffr-'i Nell subsequently sold out
to Frawley, who was their leading man
end manager. Frawley was given the
California dates. He opened at the Co
lUxfcia in *95 with Maxine Elliot as lead-
Ir.jr oman and Blanche Bates in the
cast.
Here she won local reputation and fin
CALIFORNIA ACTRESSES
WHO HAVE BECOME
FAMOUS.
ally had a chance to appear in New York,
where she aroused the jealousy of the
leading woman. Seeing a war of words
ahead, she quit the company after only
two appearance.
How she drilled into David Belasco's
training is an interesting story.
By the way. David Belasco is also a
San Franciscan; he is a man whose
name now counts for much in the Ameri
can drama. "
In the 'days when he was a hard-work
ing stage manager at the Baldwin he
was not widely known. Mrs. Bates was
the leading woman of his company. It
came into her power to do him a good
turn. He treasured gratitude in his mem
ory. Time passed. He wrote several suc
cessful plays and at last found' himself
in that Mecca of theater-folk. New York.
Here at last lie met Mrs. Bates and
her daughter, and proposed that Mn.
Bates should give him the opportunity U
train her daughter and bring out the tal
ent be believed she possessed. His fame
as a maker of stars had spread far and
wide, and so the training of Blanche as a
star began. Belasco is not an easy task
master, but in his new pupil he met abil
ity coupled with infinite patience.
In the part of Madame Butterfly it was
she who often begged him to let her go
through the part just once more after
She and he had drilled for hours together.
She spent more hours a day as Madame
Butterfly than she did as herself. She
grew to love the part, and when she took
off for the last time the little Japanese
costume she had worn in it, she kissed
it as she hung it up and declared that no
one would ever wear it but herself.
Her versatility is shown in her success
as Cigarette in "Under Two Flags"— a
greater contrast to Cho-Cho-San of But
terfly fame, and again to Hedda Gabler
cannot be conceived.
Maude Adams made her first tiny ap
pearance at the old Bush-street Theater
in a child's Dart. It happened in this
way. The manager suddenly fou%d that
he wanted a child and asked Mark Triad
if he knew of any one who would an
swer. He thought he did. He went down
back of the Mint where Maude' Adams*
family lived and brought the little girl
back with him. She made her first ap
pearance with J. K. Emmet. She was
lucky from the start. Her mother was
an actress and she breathed easily the
atmosphere of the stage. l:".-.^
She next went to the Alcazar and
opened in "The Midnight Bell." Sines
then her progress upward has been
steady.** When an antrcß» holds her Hi
ence in Bernhardt's roles she has gone
far, and this is what the little child
actress of the Bush-street Theater has
been doing for a season in New York.
Another child actress dear to the hearts
of the old-time theater goer was little
Minnie Maddern, now the inimitable Mrs.
Fiske of "Becky Sharp" fame.
She was between seven and eight years
old when she was known as the "wonder
child." For all that she was fond of dolls
and of playing house just as hundreds of
Other little girls are. One night during
her first engagement Minnie was playing
with a rag doll in the wings just before
her cue was spoken and she was so ab
sorbed in her childish pleasure that she
positively refused to go on unless she
could take dolly with her.' Consternation
reigned as the time for her appearance
diew arer. The matter was iinally com
promised by an agreement on the part of
the stage manager to give her the finest
doll that could be purchased in San Fran
cisco. For eighteen years Mrs. Fiske kept
this doll and finally sold it in a charity
bazaar in New York for $125.
Long before she wore long dresses oft
the stage she wore them in young lady
parts and occasionally took an old wo
man's part. At the age of 13 she scored
a hit in the role of Widow Melnotte in
"The Lady of Lyons."
At lii she was a lull fledged star.
Long as Mrs. ( Fiske has been on the
stage, she has never been able to over
come stage fright. She rehearses her
plays long and frequently. When she has
her lines letter perfect she still trembles
when the hour for her appearance ar
rives.
Mr. Neill, who was with her for a year,
tells a story about her chronic stage
fright: /
"We rehearsed a one-act play of hers
for three months. It came to be a joke
among us, the pains we took with that
I'itlc play. We almost knew it backward.
When at last the night arrived Mrs.
Fiske said to us. "Really, 1 don't think we
are ready to give that piece.' She was
frightened to death. *
"We laughed at her, we teased her, we
jollied her, but it was only with the
greatest difficulty that we persuaded her
to so on." - *' . ¦ -
Sybil Sanderson was born in Sacramen
to, where her father was for many years
Chief Justice. She went abroad to study,
and made her debut in the Opera Co
mique, Paris, in 1889. She was renowned
for her "Eiffel Tower note," in a compo
sition which Jules Massenet composed es
pecially to suit her remarkably high reg
ister. Jules Massenet continues to. write
all his music adapted to her voice.
During the past season she appeared at
the Winter, Garden of Berlin, and from
THE SUNDAY CALL.
there went to St. Petersburg and Mos-'
cow. Everywhere her beauty of votes and
feature has won her new laurels, for
Sybil's; day is not yet past.
Alice Neilsen started as a chorus girl
at the Tivoli. Later she took small parts
and finally leading roles. She was a great
worker and had a wonderful memory.
Once she was given the title role in "Lu
cia di Lammernoor." In four days the
knew it perfectly.
When the Bostonians were here Barna
bee went to the Tivoli. heard her and de
termined to secure her. She became their
soprano.
Emma Nevada is a third daughter of
the West who is favored with a voice, a
real voice. She was born in Nevada and
in honor of her birthplace adopted Ne
vada as _her stage name. She was edu
cated at Mills Seminary, Oakland. Mrs.
John W. Mackay sent her to Paris, where
she studied with the famous Madame
Marchesi. . She made her debut at Her
Majesty's Theater, London.
In 18S5 she made a grand tour of the
United States and in San Francisco she
received an enthusiastic ovation.
She is now the wife of Dr. Raymond
Palmer and she has a beautiful home in
Paris.
"La Belle Francisca" sang three years
ago at the opera-house at Monte Carlo
with Patti. She was better received than
Patti, and the critics referred to her as
"the new star that was coming in " and
to Patti as "the old star that was going
out." This is praise extraordinary, for
Patti has hitherto held the undisputed
throne of song.
"La Belle Francisca" is known as
Fanny Miehelsen in everyday life. Her
stage name was taken in honor of her
native city.
H-len Modjeska, queen of the Polish
sta^e, bade farewell to her native land
and thought to spend her days on her
Idyllic California farm. But Edwin Booth
persuaded her to study for the English
speaking stage. She made her debut in
the California Theater.
Mary Anderson, a native Sacramentan.
won the fame of two continents. She
worked too hard. H..T health failed and
she withdrew permanently from the
stage. She is now Mrs. Antonio de Na
varro and lives in England.
Nance O'Neil is an Oakland girl. She
useJ to haunt the old Bush Street Thea
ter for a chance to go on. Finally she
got on as supernumerary. Now she often
taunts the managers who turned her
away in old days with: "Didn't I tell
you? I knew I had it in me even then.
All I needed was a chance."
Miss Eleanor Calhoun enjoys the dis
tinction of having been praised by Coque
lin and Sardou. She is said to be great in
Shakespearean roles.
Eleanor Robson, one of the youngest
actresses on the stage to-day, and one of
whom much is expected in the future,
first faced the footlights at the California
Theater. She came here straight from
the convent in Montreal in 1897 and joined
the Frawley company.
Phoebe Davies made her first appear
ance privately before David Balasco
when lie was manager of the Baldwin.
He booked her to appear at the next
Baldwin production, but illness pre
vented and it was wfth the California
Stock Company that she afterward made
her debut.
A San Francisco manager offered to
take her East and star her, but she re
fused, for just about that time Cupid was
aiming his arrows at her heart. Instead
of going East sIM married Joseph R.
Grimmer, who was then leading man and
stage manager at the Baldwin.
Joseph R. Grismer is best known for his
production of "Way Down East." It was
reserved for this production for Phoebe
to hit the flint which struck the nre of
general recognition for her.
Amelia Bingham. although not strictly
a Callfornian. had her rtrst stage experi
ence here with Mi-Kee Rankin, with
whom she made a tour of the Pacific
Coast.
• The history of this actress is interest
ing. She is one of the foremost woman
managers of America to-day, but she had
to tight for every inch of the way.
Artistic heritage or encouragement was
not to her lot. She came of a family of
Methodists, who never went to the thea
ter.
When she declared her intention of go
ing on the stage her neighbors turned
against her and her best girl friends
passed her on the street.
Her Sunday school teacher, on bidding
her good-by. said: "Amelia. I hear there
are some good men and women on tive
stage. I hope so for your sake."
She resolved to be a leading woman In
a Broadway theater within five years or
quit the business. She kept her resolu
tion in mind. When she went abroad sh»
found that women as managers were suc
cessful. In Paris she found Sarah Bern
liardt the most conspicuous figure In tha
ranks of woir.in managers.
AaarTla leiunifd to America and formed
a cum! any. She is a great believer in the
fact ihitt "the play's the thing."
This actress-manager, who combines
artistic sense with business acumen, says
that k is a much greater compliment to
hear the people say on leaving the thea
ter. "Fine company, that Amelia Bingham
company," than to hear them 3p«ak of
Amelia Bingham alone. *,
For this same reason she has great dif
ficulty in getting; a play to suit. Clyde
Fitch wrote a play for her. She refused
it because it was a star piece, and what
she desired was a stock piece which would
give the different members of her com
pany a chance and produce an artistic
whole
ataxine Elliot was formerly Jessie Mc-
Dermott of Oakland. At first she was
merely considered an artistic piece of
bric-a-brac. Her acting was ignored. Her
beauty was prais».-d and pro vet! to be a
stumbling block on her road to success.
Self-consciousness seemed to overshadow
her emotional talent. Finally she learned
through the doctrine of work to grow
artistically. She now essays Shakes
pearean roles. ISABEL, FRA3BR.
112
"CARDIGAN"
AND
"THE RIGHT OF WAY."
TWO BOOKS THAT ARE WEUU> WORTH READING.
HARPER & BROS.. New York, have
certainly picked two winners in
the literary field. "Cardigan." by
Robert W Chambers, and "The
Right of Way." by Gilbert Parker, both
lead far and away ahead of all competi
tors in their respective classes of fiction.
"Cardigan." besides being the best work
from the pen of Mr. Chambers to date,
undoubtedly excels all other novels deal
ing with that period of American history
immediately preceding the Revolution -of
'75. In narrative and character drawing
of the kind that makes Cooper's "Leather
stocking Tales" the joy of every American
generation. Mr. Chambers shows particu
lar excellence. v
Although "Cardigan" is a historical
novel in the true significance of the word.
vet facts and descriptions are introduced
so skillfully and made so consistently a
part of the story that it is a most pleas
ant relief to the bungling efforts of that
great majority of cheap authors who have
of late been digging up on their school
books that they might make their fiction
"go" through the reflected light of long
dead greatness.
"Cardigan" is historical naturally.
Characters are not introduced merely as
lay figures and because the author expects
through familiar dealing with well known
names to create interest, but because they
are part and parcel of a well told tale.
It is interesting through the exciting
narrative to pause and appreciate the
gradual development of the hero. Cardi
gan, who gives his name to the book. It
is the same development that changed. the
cry of many a good man frcrr. "G«5 s»ve
the King" to "God save our^cocntry" and
brought success to a right' cause.
"Cardigan" ran «erlal!y in Hen3£i^-S
Weekly, so it is probably already^fczSiiSiar
to many of our readers. <^«rd£gan him
pclf^jea charmirisdy . frank, loyal ar>cj
, brave Arnrriear; -iSdrwhoe? character can
!not but »ppr«ii.ta all. We. meet him :;s
he is Jus; merging from boyhood to man
hood. It is a pleasure to ihus see Mza as
a hippy, healthy lad of Fchoo!room and
-3f&ins rtays. for evrji from his boyish a'_ts
' it is p!aln!y rcifain that he will prove of
the rrsrit siufl Jot the days of trial to fol-
Th*t part of the book that deals with
the Indian times, when 'the British
through treachery vcre endeavoring to
enlist the support of the Six Nations
igainsst the colonists, is remarkably -well
done. There is not only plenty of incident
end hair-breadth escape to hold the in
terest, but on Indian matters Mr. Cham
bers proves himself a close student. He
do3E not write of the Indian simply as the
big chief with scalps at his belt, a hatchet
in his hand and talking nothing but bad
pidgin English. On the contrary. he
looks ipon him with sympathetic eyes and
presents him rather in that dignified light
:-« characteristic of Cooper.
Of fighting there is a plenty in the book.
The - wrongs of the great chief LogAn
th re ugh the murdering of his family; the
subsequent outbreak of the Indians and
the light in the fort; and later, the skir
mishes of the colonists with the British,
notably In the Concord fight of 1775 —
are splendidly described. Cardigan's lons
run through the woods with Sir William
Johnson's messages to the Cayugas and
to Cresap. while the villain Butler and his
trackers are ch.se en his trail, forms as
exciting an episode in fiction as one could
desire.
In the way of character studies' the
sturdy backwoodsmen Jack Mount an.l
the Weasel show Mr. Chambers at his
best, although all of his plot-makers bear
the stamp of reality. For one thing I
rather admire Mr. Chambers and that is
his gentlemanly treatment of his arch v:!
lain. He does not allow Cardigan. wh°n
the crucial moment arrives, to soil his
hands with the life of Butler, but thrusts
the rogue out into the night and out of
the story after giving him a very close
tall lor his neck. There are not many
cuthors who would have used such for
bearance after their hero had been so
badly misused by such an arch fiend cs
the rascal Butler.
Some words must be said for "Silver
Heels." Cardigan's pet name for his lil
tle hum. who afterward becomes his
theart. She deserves a first place
among all the other delightful heroines
of romantic fiction who have become
famous in story and drama. Mr. Cham
bers works out his love story very pret
tily and delicately. In affairs of the heart,
Cardigan is delightfully dull and clumsy,
but the author pulls? him through all
right in the end— not, however, with
out a struggle.
If you like a really good historical novel
K*-t ''ardi£an." In story it may be a
little long drawn out for some, yet every
line of it is worth reading.
Of an entirely different sort is "The
Right of Way" by Gilbert Parker. In the
matter of close psychological study, pow
erful narrative and remarkable character
drawing this book easily leads any of
this season. It possesses all the power cf
Hall Caine's "Eternal City" without the
great bulk of 350,000 words that Mr.
Came finds necessary to express his
thouglats. The narrative runs along with
as much snap, zest- and "incident as any
of Hope's. Doyle's or Hornung's books.
In brief, Parker book is the story of
the moral and physical degeneration of
a man until a sharp climax is reached
and then the soul growth and develop
ment begin. Charley Ste>]e. as we know
him first, is a man of most remarkable
intellectuality; a • man who possesses a
mentality as sharp and clear and cold as
the rays of a diamond. In the first pages
•we are introduced to him as he is win
ning a man's life from the gallows, a man
that Steele knows is guilty of murder.
This case proves one of the turning
points in the life of "Beauty" Steele for
it indirectly brings to him a wife. He
wins this woman simply on account of his
brilliancy. At this period there is little
In Stee'.e to excite love or affection. Ho
Is on the road to ruin through drink, and
worse than that, he is Bragging down
with him a young clergyman and his
wife's brother.
Things go from bad to worse -with
Eteele as the rears roll by. The clergyman
becomes a thieving speculator and the
brother-in-law turns embezzler to the
tune of some twenty-five thousand dol
lars. • The appeal of his wife's brother
to Steele for help in this extremity starts
the lawyer out on a debauch that finally
winds him up in a tavern fight with the
river men. a knock on the head and a
plunge in tbe river.
Steele'e life is saved by the murderer
¦who owes so much to the young lawyer
for his able defense of many years before.
The scene then shifts to the miserable
hut of Steve's one remaining friend—
this man whom Steele had, immediately
after the trial, called to his face "guilty
as hem"
Steelt recovers consciousness and then
bodily* health, but his mind for past
events is entirely gone and remains a
blank as to his former, life for months
and months, finally his lost memory is
restored by a sk<lled surgeon who becomes
Interested in the case without knowing
the identity of his patient.
Btecle comes to himself to find that his
wife has married a former sweetheart,
nd that the brother-in-law has fired the
rlme of embezzlement on the memory of
the sup.pos«d!y dead Steele. He cannot
go back to his home now without ruining
ihe lives of many, so he decides to make
the sacrifice and live out hir. life among
the humble folk of the village where
he is.
Steele finds employment as a tailor.
The change in the man and the gradual
broadening of his soul is most skill
fully and gradually perfected. Many
things occur to bring up the oid life to
him. and frequently he has to disappear
to avoid recognition. He finally falls
deeply in lov<; with a splendid girl who
returns his affection.
The great -human interest of the story,
after the reader feels certain that Steele
will not fall from grace and take to drink
Egain. lies in the possible consummation
of this love affair. There seems no chance
of a happy ending on account of Steele's
wife already living. Mr. Parker is too
clever a novelist to ruin so strong a story
by killing off ihe first wife and allowing
his book to en 1 in the prosaic fashion of
everybody happy.
Mr. Parker may be criticized for the
rather Improbable tragedy of the safe
robbery that forms the ultimate dramatic
climax of his stcry. but the book is really
no splendidly written and so full '• of
strength and life that such a minor crit
icism reflects more discredit on the critic
than the author.
Judging from the great , demand for,
"The Right of Way" in our. local libra
ries, the book lias -evidently taken San
Francisco by stnrm.
Well, it desetves all the popular-atten
tion it grts. If you can't c;ot It in y&nT'
library, buy It, for it i« wH! wortrV-wh'le.
8. G^'VFKKOr.
Hom^t,fhc*rV for Children.
& Co. rf Boston liave.car
rietV'nut a rar-'-t.-iMdea in <h«ir home ii
brary for children. Tho-have published
in excellent form thirty-six .volumes in
four different rie.<= and. all of these books
have Ixen first carefully selected from the
world's literature by competent advisers
a? the best works extant for the use of
children.
The books in the borne library cover the
whole lane.' of children's reading". In it
will be found the nursery rhymes, myths
and legends, animal story books for the
younger as well as the older children, sto
ries of schoolboy and schoolgirl life, his
torical stories, and. of course, the famous
classics for children £*:ch as the ever new
"Cinderella" and other tales by Perrault.
"Jack and the Beanstalk" and other old
English wonder stories. "Goody Two
Shoes." "Robinson Crusoe." "Gulliver"
and "Munchausen." Thus they are litera
ture and not compilations or extracts. The
books are educative ¦¦ well as entertain
ing and they will be read for the joy of
the reading.
Many prominent people have written
words of praise of the scheme. The pub
lishers have arranged to sell th? whole
series of thirty-six books for $15 90. but
those who do not wish to buy all can get
separate volumes at a pro rata. As our
readers will probably be interested to
know what books the best educators of
the country would pick out as the flower
of juvenile works, we give below a list of
these volumes with prices:
PJUCE THIRTY CENTS PER VOLUME.
Six Nursery Classics.
Aiken and BarbauWs Eyes and No Eyes an]
other stories.
Goody Two Shoes— Attributed to Goldsmith.
So Fat and Mew Mew— By Georgina M.
Craik.
Segur's The Story of a Donkey— By Mme. de
Segur.
Ewing's Jackanapes— Mrs. Ewing.
Ingelow's Three Fairy Stories— By Jean In
gelow. •
'rib and Fly: a Tale of Two Terriers.
E wing's The Story of a Short — By Ju
liana H. Ewing.
Ruskin's The King of the Golden River— By
John Ruskin.
Tales From the Travels of Baron Mun
chausen—Edited by Edward Everett Hale.
Brown's Rab and His Friends and other dog
stories— By Dr. John Brown.
PRICE FIFTY CENTS PER VOLUME.
Mother Goose: A Book oX Nursery Rhymes —
Arranged by Charles Welsh.
Gulliver's Travels— Edited by T. M. Balliet,
Superintendent of Schools, Springfield, Mass.
Thackeray's The Rose and the Ring— A fairy
tale by William M. Thackeray.
Iffllllll The Little Lame Prince— By Dinah
Maria Mulock.
Browne's The Wonderful Chair and the Tales
it Told.
lartineau's The Crofton Boys— By Harriet
Martlnrau.
Irvlng's Dolph Heyliger— By Washington
Irving.
Fridtjof Nansen— By Jacob V. Bull.
Docas, the Indian Boy of Santa Clara — By
Genevra SiFson Snedden.
Shakespeare's The Tempest.
Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors.
Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale.
PRICE FORTY CENTS PER VOLUME.
Edgrewort'n's Waste Not, Want Not, and
Other Stories. By Maria Edgeworth.
Trimmer's The History of the Robins. By
Mrs. Trimmer.
Child Life in Japan, and Japanese Child
Stories. By Mrs. Chaplin Ayrton.
Sophie. Hy Madame de Segur.
Lamb's The Adventures of. Ulysses. By
Charles Lamb.
Motley's The Siege of Leyden.
Hamming Chapters on Animals. By P. G.
Hamerton.
PRICE SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS PER VOL
UME.
Stories of Pioneer Life. By Florence Bass.
American Indians. By Professor Frederick
Starr.
Strange Peoples. By Professor Frederick
Starr.
Alice and Tom. By Kate L. Brown.
Recollections of a Georgia Loyalist.
Under the title, "Recollections of a
Georgia Loyalist," there have been edited
by the Rev. A. W. Eaton the memoirs
and some of the letters of Elizabeth Llch
tenstein Johnston, who was born in May,'
1764, near Savannah, Georgia, and who in
her childhood saw something of the bat
ties that took place upon the siege of that
city during the war of the Revolution.
In describing the situation she says: "In
'76 the people in Georgia were inflamed
against the government of Great Britain
and were raising a ragged corps of all
sorts. Some had guns with firelocks and
some without; and all, gentle and sim
ple, were made to declare .whether they
were on the side of the King or for the
people, whom we Loyalists then termed
Tories, called rebel?. If a Tory refused
to join the people he was imprisoned and
tarred and feathered. This was a terri
ble indignity, the poor creature being
stripped naked, tarred all over and then
rolled in feathers. I might once, if I had
gone to the window, have seen a poor
man carried all over town with the mob
around him In such a plight, but the idea
was too dreadful. He was an inoffensive
British pilot."
From that and a few similar anecdotes'
told in the introductory chapter it is
evident the writer, might have given a
very interesting account of the Tory side
of the Revolutionary War. Unfortunately,
Mrs. Johnson was writing: for her grand
children and not for history, and, more
over, she seems to have taken little In
terest in anything except her children
and her religion. The book as a whole
contains hardly anything beyond a rec
ord of the birth of her children, their va
rious dispositions, their sickness. ' their
travels and their marriages, interspersed
with ploue moralizing for the benefit of
the grandchildren for whom the memoir
waa written. After many wanderings,
Mr-;. Johnston and her husband settled
in Nova Scotia, and there her descend
ants have flourished, many of them bfe
com!i;g eminent men. The book, there
fore, is more valuable as a contribution
to the early history of certain Canadian
families than as a memoir of a Georgia
Loyalist. (Published by the Bankslde
Press; M. F. Mansfield & Co., New York.)
Fables for the Fair.
Among all the output of present day
fables those of only two writers seem to
be bound otherwhere than toward the
¦waste basket. One of these writers is
Josephine Dodge Daskam.
Her "Fables for the Fair,"' which have
l><»en appearing from ftlme "to time, scat
tered among various magazines, have
been picked up at last and put together
between neat and attractive boards.
Twenty-five of them appear in the vol
ume. They are almost equally Witty In
form and penetrating in insight. Miss
Daskam has a keen way of looking at
human nature and a remarkable sense of
humor for any one, to say nothing of her
being a woman.
One of the .very best of these good
things is:
THE WOMAN WHO HELPED HER
HUSBAND.
There was once a Woman whose Hus
band Depended on the State of the Mar
ket for his Daily Toast. One Day he.Ap
peared before Her with a Sad Counte
nance. : . •
"All Is Over, my Dear." said he.
"Wheat, is 'Way Down and # l Doubt if
after To-morrow we shall 'have More
than Ten Thousand a Year to Live On. I
am Sorry that I Married you to Drag you
Down to This, but I must Tell you Sooner
or Later. lam a Ruined Man." :
"Nay, do not Lose Heart." said his
Wife. "Can you not Speculate Further?"
"I Cannot," he replied, "for I have Lost
my Nerve. My Friends Urge me to Throw
what I Have into Copper, but I dare Not.
Five Thousand a Year would Hardly buy
Croquettes for Two. I would Better Keep
what 1 have Saved from the Smash."
"At any rate." said she, "Come out and
Have some Lunch. Let us go to Sherry's
and get a Nice Little Bird; then you will
Feel Better." t 
"Bird!" exclaimed her Husband. "Un
happy Woman,, if you see Anything Bet
ter than Broiled Chicken and Beef a la
Mode for the Rest of Your Life you will
Do Well. In My Present Frame of Mind
I would Suggest a Night Lunch cart."
"Let us have one Good Meal at least,"
urged his wife, "Before we Die to the
World. I have Twenty Dollars in my
Purse. I will Buy our Lunch with that.
After that the Night Lunch."
"Very well, for the Last Time," replied
Her Husband.
They then went to an Expensive Res
taurant and Ate a more than Satisfactory
Luncheon. At the end of it her Husbanii
said:
"I think Better of that Copper than I
Did."
Then he went Back to Wall Street and
Made Sixty Thousand Dollars in Thirty
eight Minutes.
This teaches us that Digestion is the
Better Part of » Valor.
(Published by Charles Scrlbner's Sons
New York. Price $1.)
Gloria Deo.
Every pastor who desires . to develop or
improve the congregational singing in his
church will be glad to know that a new
church hymnal, "Gloria Deo," just pub
lished by the Funk & Wagnalls Company
New York, meets this requirement it
contains striking advantages without sac
rificing any of the substantial merits of
the older works.
First-Every hymn in the entire work is
given under the music. Not a single hymn
Is printed separate from the music. The
lines of all the verses are directly under
the notes of music In which they are to
be sung. The Words of each line are care
fully subdivided bo as to bring each sylla
ble below and close to the note to be sung.
Second- Gloria Deo" provides a selec
tion of the hymns and tunes which a
twenty-year experience In church work
has proven to be the best for both congre
gations and choirs. ' . . .
Third-In this one volume are contained
hymns suitable for the church, the Sun
day school, the Young People's Society '
and other organizations, a feature which
not only enables all to use the same book,
but makes all, from the youngest to the
oldest, familiar with the best hymns of
the church and enables the young people
to join. heartily In the regular church ser
vice of sonc . ¦¦¦;¦.- ; :
; Fourth— are chants, responses and
glorias for. choir use. . .'. ,
Fifth— The Psalter is bound in with the
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
hymnal, thus saving the cost of a separ
ate book and doing away with the confu
sion and crowding which often result 3
from trying: to arrange a variety of books
in the seats or pew racks. (Price 51 25.)
A Boy's Bock.
"When "We Destroyed the Gaspee," by
James Otis, is a story for boys, relating
how his Majesty's aTmed schooner Gaspee,
sent to Narragansett Bay in 1772- to en
force the unpopular revenue acts, was
punished for many deeds of insolence and
aggression on the part of her command-
Ing officer and crew. The ship was cap
tured and destroyed while stranded upon
a dangerous shoal, whither she had been
decayed by a Yankee packet. The strategy
and boldness of the attack are set forth
with genuine gusto by the youth of 1G — a
participant in the tight — who tells the
story, and the reader Is led to feel very
keenly the proud love of liberty in the
hearts of the Colonists. There is plenty
of pluck, danger and good fighting in this
book. Illustrated with sixteen full-page
and text drawings by L. J. Bridgman.
(Published by Dana Estos & Co., Boston.
Price 75 cents.)
The Miracles of Missions.
"The Miracles of Missions, " by Arthur
T. Pierson. D.D.. is a series-- of very brief
narratives of facts, written with as far
as possible absolute accuracy, which both
demonstrate and illustrate the perpetual
presence of the supernatural factor in all
true mission work. The word "miracles"
is designedly used in order to bring out
the unmistakable divine working and the
great variety of facts presented, the trl
vmphs of the gospel In all lands and
among all classes of people, has the effect
of strands braided into a rcVpe; any one
narrative might be insufficient to be tho
basis of a safe Induction, but when all
this testimony is combined a candid mind
cannot resist the evidence that Christ's
words are continually fulfilling, "Greater
works than those shall ye do, because I
go '-nto the Father."
The present volume, which has just
been issued from the press of Funk &
Wagnallfi Company, New" York, Is the
fourth of Dr. Pierson's Valuable series f
"Miracles of Missions." The preceding
volumes are uniform in size and binding
and sell for $1 per volume in cloth binding
and 35 cents in paper. This fourth volume
is issued under the rule;- of the American
Publishers' Association ;;s a "net" book.
The price, therefore", is lower than that
of the preceding volumes, being 90 cents
net in cloth binding and 30 cents net in
paper binding.
The Owl and the Woodchuck.
W. H. Neldlinger ancl Walter Bobhett
have found the ideal method of children's
bookmaking— a combination of picture,
song and story. In this new book, pub
lished by Rand. McNally & Co. of Chi
cago, is told the story of "The Owl and
the Woodchuck" in the most effective
way possible for the understanding of the
little ones. The preface introduces both
of the principals through the medium ot
a little song, with piano accompaniment;
then follows the story itself, with color
illustrations and also marginal pen and
ink sketches. The scheme of the authors
has been to use music where nothing else
will serve so well to express the idea
such as for the calls of the birds, etc.,
and when explanation is necessary prose
is employed or verse, as may seem most
appropriate; if a pictaire suggests itself
It is sure to be there and jotted in among
the type just where it will be of the most
use to give the proper Idea. This book
cannot be too highly commended and de
serves to become a good seller for the
holiday trade. It is the best ciiild's book
that has as yet been brought to our no
tice.
Beynard the Fox.
Dana Estes & Co.. Boston, have just
published a version of the famous beast
fable, translated into English verse from
the Low German of the fifteenth century
and adapted for modern readers.
This book belongs to the rare class
which is equally delightful to children and
to their elders. In this regard It may be
compared to "Gulliver's Travels," "Don
Quixote" and "Pilgrim's Progress." For
wit and shrewd satire and for pure droll
ery, both in situations and description, it
is unsurpassed. The aniniais are not men
dressed up in the skin of beasts, but are
throughout true to their characters, and
1 are not only strongly realized, but con
sistently drawn, although in so simple
and captivating a way that the Subtle art
of the narrator is quite hidden, and one
is aware only of reading an absorbingly
interesting and witty tale. . . -:.-;-£.
When to the charm of the poem Is added)
the exceptional skill of the • Illustrator.,
whose genius in caricature and in animal
drawing was demonstrated in his popular
edition of . "Aesop," published last year,
one can hardly look further in seeking, for
an ideal gift book for nursery table or the
library. (Price 50.)
Arline Valere.
"Arline Valere" by Joseph Hallworth. is
a story of life in the slums, told" in the
style of one who is making a first effort,
with all its- smartness and dull results. It
was written by hand and reproduced in
fac-simile; poor handwriting, scratchings,
misspellings and all having evidently nev
er been scanned by the eye of the proof
reader. - • • '> .. -
The author has embellished the mar
gins with what are undoubtedly the poor
est .specimens of drawing that ever went
to print The book worthy of a place
in libraries as an awful warning to would
be authors. Let us profit by the mistakes
of others. (Published by L. C. Page &
Co., Boston. Price $150.)' .
Tales of China.
"Traveler Tales of China," by Hezekiah
Butterworth, is the second in the new
series of the ' "Traveler Tales," written
after the manner of the popular "Zig Zag
Series" which made the name of Heseklah
Butterv.orth a household word wherever
there were hoys and girls- who loved to
read.
"Traveler Tales of China" makes clear
to young people the new conditions, as
well as the old traditions of the Chinese
people, and gives an instructive and fas
cinating picture' of Russian China and
Manchuria, as well as of the central em
pire. It tells all' about the new Dorts of
the Yellow Sea and the Trans-Siberian
Railway, and also illustrates the manners
an* customs of the native population by
folklore tales and travelers' narratives.
The numerous full-page illustrations add
greatly to the value of the work, which
may safely be pronounced one of the most
interesting and useful books for young
people published for many years. (Pub
lished by Dana Estes & Co., Kostori.
Price $1 S-'J.J
The Modern Mission Century.
As a result of the sui-lies in world-wide
missions, begun forty yeara agn by Ar
thur T. Pierson. this author offers his
present book. "The Modern Mission Cen
tury Viewed ;is a Cycle of Divine Work
ing." It is a review of the missions of
the nineteenth century with reference to
the superintending providence of God. As
a work of mission history the book is not
without value, but its main object is not
so much to give the annajs of the century
as to find the philosophy of its history—
the. center about which all its evtnts re
volve. It studies the men and women,
occurrences and developments, forces and
factors of this hundred years as divinely
appointed and adjusted to this work. It
is especially addressed to students of mis
sionary history and lovers of a world's
evangelization. (Published by the Baker
& Taylor Company, New York. Price
?1 50.)
Her Eoyal Highness Woman.
"Her Royal Highness Woman and His
Majesty Cupid" is a set of essays by
Max O'Rell, recently published by The
Abbey Press, New York. The purpose of
the book is briefly stated in the preface:
"This unpretentious volume of mine will
not have been written in vain if It causes
one married couple in each of the three
countries where it is published to study
and understand each other better.
"I dedWfate it to married men and wo
men and to young men and women con
templating matrimony— a large public, in
deed."
Mr. O'Rell closes his preface with a
postscript, which is rather to the point:
"Did I hear you ask whether I have
been married?
"Oh, yes, that's all right."
The book is written In a light and In
teresting vein and the chapters' vary from
"maxims for the man in love" and "max
ims for the married man" to "blondes
and brunettes" and "what is a perfect
lady?".
. His chapters on "the English jvife" and
"the American woman" will probably
awaken some discussion. He Is loud In
his praises of .the American woman, but
deplores the effects -of too much "higher
education." for he _- says American men
are rapidly being forced into a "back
seat." : - V j ;"*":>
Two Books by Orme Agnus.
'Wcssex. stories . seem to be little writ
ten; Wessex dialect seems to be little
known. Whether "VVessex has been too
remote for writers to penetrate, or wheth
er, havlrisr penetrated, they have found
little worth writing about, does not mat
ter. It Is sufficient that the coast is fairly
clear for Orme Agnus. .'"-*.'•'¦
Two volumes of his have appeared
among- the hosts of Christmas books.
They have a gay and Christmasy look
on the outside, bound as they are fa gor
geous scarlet and gold. It Is certainly
not an appropriate binding, so far as the
contents go, for the stories are not cheer
ful.
"Jan Gather" 13 a novelette, and a very
sad one. It Is the old, old story— the same
stcry that "Tess of the D'Urbervilles"
and many another book, great and small,
has handled and will continue to handle
so long as reckless and handsome young
English srulre 1 ? exist to look upon the
charms of foolish and pretty English
peasant maids.
The story of "Jan Oxber** Is a three
fold tragedy, which involves the unhappy
girl, her devoted husband Jan and the
squire upon whom Jan wreaks his venge
ance, thereby earning the gratitude of the
village people who have long suffered
from the arrogance of the line of Deverill.
Old stories are every row and then be
¦ ing told in a new way that causes us to
acclaim them new. Agnus has failed to
do this. The story is delicately and
smoothly written, but It lacks grip. You
don't remember it. Furthermore, there
is danger that you won't finish it. for sus
< pense— that vital organ in the anatomy of
a novel— is missing. Agnus lacks the art
of carrying you over from chapter to
chapter. He closes his narrative at the
end of each.
But the picture element, is good and ap
parently true. You are thoroughly eon
vii ccd that he knows his Wessex villa-,"
to the ground. The dialect. too. Is con
sistent and has an authentic sound.
All this holds, socd of th • four .short
stories contained in the other yqluipe..
"Love in O**r Villas:.'." me of these
are more humorous and cheery than "Jan
Oxber." "The. Poet's Love" is pathetic
enough in its close, but. here is a bit of
humor from Its first pages that is worthy
(•;• Barrle: ' . •>_'
"Mrs. Tllley • • * had decided on (the
-came) Raymond Granville (for her son'
after long and critical consideration of
/the rival claims of Archibald Philip Blow
ham, Augustus Hf rbert Simpson. Clare
Arthur and Percy Ewart Simpson. • • *
When she was alone in the house she
./would • call upstairs to her imaginary
'•'child: .•- ' ;':'..¦
¦';¦ " 'Percy Ewart. come down, my lov<?.'
or 'Raymond Granville. it is time to get
'¦ : .«p.';-..--.^'-..- .:¦..,
."And- again she 'would hold converse
¦with an. imaginary visitor:
".'What a fine boy, Mrs. Tilley! What
Is h!s name?" ;
" 'Augustus Herbert Simpson, ma'nm.'
¦ "Or. again, she would be present at
Suqday school on the prize day: '" .'
" 'First prize— Archibald Philip Blow
ham Tiiley. Come forward. Archibald."
"From these practical tests Raymond
Granville emerged triumphant."
(Published by L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
Price, .two .volumes, cloth,- gilt top, ribbon,
marker, $2.)
" » Our Jim. \
"Our Jim, or the Power of Example,'*.
. by Edward S. Ellis, Is "a boys' book with
~a. purpose. In a letter.; to the- publisher
Mr. Ellis says: ' "I aim in 'Our Jim' and
other books t6 f teach manliness, honesty,
obedience. and right living." -
•: Yet there is no preaching. in the story.
A thoroughly healthy, natural boy Is pre
sented to us. and his pleasures, struggles.
failures and successes:," are , all those of
any .earnest, truth-loving; fellow who is
determined to make, the most of him
"self and to .conquer adverse circum
stances by the force of will and hard
work. The young reader Imbibes high
Ideals of character unconsciously while
thinking he is only reading an absorbing
tale.,,. :.- '
/The" boy who loves athletics will be fas
cinated by this story. "Our Jim" is a de
votee of baseball, and the hero cf not a
few hard-fought fields. ¦> . ,-v ,
His career Is traced . from boyhood
through college days, election to the Leg
islature, and marriage;-- and the interest
never flags from the first page to the
last. ¦ ' (Published by Da; Estea & Co.,
Bt-Eton. Price $1 23.) » .. ; -
Chatterbox.
' The 1001 Chatterbox ha- four hundred
i*inct twelve pages; more than two hundred
full-page illustrations expressly designed
for it by eminent English artists, six
handsomely colored plates, and" illuminat
-.cl board covers. The contents .include a
great variety of original Stories, sketches
and verses, edited with taste and care." It
is interesting and clean from cover to
cover," aria "justifies 'the "wltle reputation
it has won in the past. Some of the stories
of heroism and danger will hold the at
tention of the most adventurous boy, and
the anecdotes of the animal world, and
the tales which inculcate lessons of man
liness, truth and courtesy, are no less
noteworthy. The boy or girl is very foi
tunate who receives Chatterbox for a hol
iday present. (Published by Dana Estes
& Co., Boston. Board covers $125, cloth
$175.) ; > ¦
Index to St. Nicholas.
The .Cumulative Index Company of
Cleveland. Ohio, has just published a com
prehensive, index and dictionary catalogue
to the first twenty-seven volumes of St.
Nicholas. The book contains 20.UU0 refer
ences arranged analytically, alphabet
ically and classified and should certainly
prove invaluable to librarians. The work
has been rendered as concise as possible
and yet is most full and accurate for
handy reference. The work of compila
tion was carried on by Harriet Goss and
Gertrude A. Baker, editors of Cumulative
Index to - select list of periodicals, Price
$1 00.)
The Double Prince.
An odd fairy tale of a fat little prince on
the moon — a little chap who sneezes so
hard that he becomes twins all in the
twinkling of an eye— such a story is "The
Double Prince, or a Fall Through the
Moon." by Frank M. knell. The story
is written in just that droll vein that is
mo3t acceptable to children and there is
enough of adventure in the topsy-turvy
world of the "Prince Roli-Poli" to please
the most fastidious of the small genera
tion. The book is published by Dana Estea
& C 0.,. Boston. Price 50c.
*
Literary Notes.
"Barbarossa." a romantic novelette of
the twelfth century, by Cyrus Townsend
Brady, with illustrations by Werner Zeh
me, is*> begin In the November Century.
"The Cavalier," George W. Cable's ro
mance of the Civil War. has Immediately
caught public fancy. Five days after its
publication it went into its third edition
and its twenty-fifth thousand.
• "One Hundred and Forty-four New Epi
grams" is the title of William B. Gross'
new book and R. F. Fen no & Co. are its
publishers. .As every epigram has a full
page half-tone drawing, the work Is sure
to Drove attractive as a holiday or gift
book. Mr. Gross has had -many years'
experience as a newspaper writer v^
theatrical man and has managed -f^t"
A. Herne's play "'Shore Acres" for J
past eight years. 5
Two little books just Issued by 1
Century Company bid fair to run «
other a lively race for popularity — "M
"WiCKS of the Cabbage Patch." by Al
C. Hegan. and "Tom Beauling," by Got i
erneur Morris. They are both first bo .
and they rival each other in brevity
well as in brightness. Mr. Morris" -•
containing less than 35.000 words and M
Hegan' s las* than 25.000. "Tom Beaulir
was sponsored by Richard Harding Da I
and "Mrs. Wings' by Edwin Asa rl
author of "Deacon Bradbury." j
"Famous Sayings of Famous Arr^l
cans" is the title of a work that will I
issued by Frederick R. Johnson (Tl
Courier Printing Company), Syracul
N. Y. James J. Neville, a Syracuse nevl
paper editor, has gathered all of the 1
table sayings cf President Roosevelt, I
late President McKlnley. former Prel
dent Grover Cleveland. James G. Blairl
Roscoe Conklins. William H. Seward. 1
late President Benjamin Harrison. \v|
liam M. Evarts and General Grant, ml
they will he placed before the public 1
an attractive form. I
Hectare. Phillip* & Co. announC^Vl
publication about November la secorl
volume of Edwin Markham's poems. Thl
will be the first collection of the poet 1
vtrse since the appearance of "The M I
"With the Hoe and Other Poems," and I
will test the lasting power of his geniu.l
Conspicuous among the contents will bl
"Lincoln, the Great Commoner." whici
gives the book its title: "The Muse of Lai
bor"; "The Sower" and * ahe Angelus.'l
the last two being Inspired, as was "Thl
Man With the Hoe." by Millet's paintings!
The editors of the scries entitled "The!
Messages of the Bible," published byl
Charles Scribner'a Sens, have received il
letter from the Rev. Timothy Richard of!
Shanghai, the secretary of the Society for!
the Diffusion of Christian and General 1
Knowledge ameng the Chinese, making I
proposals for a rendering of some of the I
volumes, if not all. into Chine3e for cir- 1
culation amon; the intelligent Christian
population of the empire. The fact that
the volumes of this series put into an in
teresting and intelligible form the sub
stance of Scripture as Interpreted by the
reverent scholarship of to-day makes
them not only widely useful for all read
ers of the. Bible but peculiarly suitable
for rendition into missionary 'vernacular 3.
Professor '¦ Henry A. Beers t has the
hr.ppy and not too frequent combiniiSYin
of literary charm and scholarly accuracy.
Three yean n;<> his "History of Englisn
Romanticism of the" Eighteenth Century"
appeared. The xeviewers were almost.
unanimous In their praise of It. It was
reprinted several times here, and also ap
peared in an English edition. Messis
Henry Holt & < '-.. will now bring out a',
once the author's "History of English
Romanticism in the Nineteenth Century."
with chapters on the movements in Ger
many and Fn-.r.ce. Professor Beef a
writes, in .his preface, that romantic lit
erature in the nineteenth-century »a? "at
least twenty tines as great ' M that % of
the eighteenth, both, in bulk and value.'*',
This should indicate that the attractive-^
ness al the new volume should be several
times as great even as that of the earlier
• Book World lor November opens wit"!
.-I beautifully iUustrated and timely arti
cle on "The Obsequies of a President."
There is an account of Mrs. Ellis Rowan,
the famous painter of wild flowers, illus
trated by photographs of her finest pic
tures. Waldon Fawcett supplies a wed
written paper on the manufacture o*
American steel and witty photographs ol
the more spectacular processes. The ae
ries of papers by Mrs. Tlldsiley on "W"
troducirg -a Child to Books", will pro^f;
of great value to motiierx. being the- rev
stilt of actual experiment, i The depart
ment recently opened.. under the caption
"Books for the Children" is an excellent
guide to those who endeavor to supply
the wants of the little folks in this direc
tion. "Historic Ghosts'* is the name of a
paper well adapted for Hallowe'en read
ing, and short stories, literary reviews and
news of the stage and. literary personali
ties .make the number replete with inter
eat and entertainment. -3j
•
Books Bsceived.
LIVES OF THE rIINTEIWBy Ernest Seton-
Thompson. Charles Seribner'a Suns, New York.
$173.
STRATAGEMS AND SPOILS— By Will. am
Allen White. ; Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York, fl 59. y
THE MAKIXC OF JANE— By Sarah Barn
•well' Elliott. Charles Scribner's Sons. New
York. $1 SO.
MV LADY PEGGY "GOES TO TOWN— By
Frances Aymar Mathews. The Eowen-Mer
rill Company. Indianapolis. $1 -"..
MOLLIES PRINCE— By Rosa Nouchatte
Carey. .[. H. L.:t! incoi: Company, Philadel
phia. Til paper. 30c. " • y
THE MOST FAMOUS LOBA— By Nellie K.
Bib-sett. P. Appleton & Co.. New York. »1.
CALEB WRIGHT— By John Habberton.
Loth-op Publishing Company. Boston.
AMONG THE GRKAT MASTERS OF OKA.
TORY— By Walter Rowlands. Dana Estes 0
Co.. Boston. $1 M
AMONG THE GREAT \ MASTERS OP
PAINTING— By Walter Rowlands. Dana Estej
&.Co.. Boston. $1 SO.
THE SOCIAL SFIR^IN AMERICA-By
Charles Kul -.'i, i Henderson. Scott. Foresman
& Co., Chi. M II 39.
OUR JIM: OR THE POWER OF EX
AMPLE—By Edward S. Ellis.' Dana Estes &
C<*., Boston. $1 25. ".*«"•
A LITTLE GIRL IN OLD NEW ORLEANS—
By. Amanda M. Douglas. Dodd. Mead & Co..
New York. $1 20.
THE STANDARD BELGIAN HARE MAN
UAL—By Dr. George P. Hall. Laird & Lee.
Chicago. 75c.
CASHEL BYRON'S PROFESSION— By O.
Bernard Shaw. Herbert S. Stone & Co.. Chi
cago.
FIRST PRINCIPLED OF ! NURSING— By
Anne R. Manning. Little, Brown & Co.. Bos
ton.
WHITE APRONS— By Maud Wilder Goodwin.
Little. Brown & Co.. Boston.
WINIFRED WEST— By Blanche M. Chin
ning. W. A. Wilde Company, Boston, ft.
THE SPECTACLE MAN— By Mary F. Leon
ard. W. A. Wilde Company, Boston. 91.
A HEROINE OF ISl2— By Am* M. BlaneharU.
W. A Wilde Company. Boston. $130.
IN THE MIKADO'S SERVICE— By William
Elliot Griffls. W. A. Wilde Company. Boston.
n m . '.;,. ¦.
NEHE— By Anna Pierpont Siviter. W A.
Wilde Company. Boston. II 50.
FIGHTING . UNDER THE SOUTHERN
CROSS-By Claude H. Wetmore. W. A. ffifc.
Company, Boston. $1 50. pj
THE LAST OF THE ARAWAKS-By Fred
erick A. Ober. W. A. Wilde Company, Boston.
%1 50.
A . HANDBOOK ON PARLIAMENTARY
PRACTICE— By Rufus Waples. Callaghan *
Co.. Chicago.
THE AWARD OF JUSTICE-By A Maynard
Barbour. Rand. McNally & Co., Chicago.
I 50.
The Golden
Chimney
BY
ELIZABETH GERBERDING
A very interesting story for
boys, the scene oi which is laid at
the old Selby Smelting Works.
Illustrated.
PRICE $1.00 Net.
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publish^
126 Post Street,
San Francisco.ATHLETIC EXERCISE
FOR THE
BUSY MAN
W' ELLIAJI GREEK HAURI
SON, president of the Olym
pic Athletic Club, one of the
best known, and equipped institu
tions of its kind in the world, has
written for The Sunday Call a special
article of greatest interest to all
business and professional men.
Knowing their inability to take
exercise and thus keep themselves in
good bodily condition. Mr. Harrison
lias drawn upon his own experience
in order to benefit them.
Although past 60 years of age. he
is cs energetic and active as a man of
30. His muscles are as elastic and
strong ag a college athlete's. His di
gestive organs are in excellent con
dition and he is able to eat whatever
he desires without suffering after ef
fects. As president of the Olympic
Club, a position to which he has been
fiected three times, he sets an exam
pie that is followed by the members
Every day he visits the gymna
sium of the club aqpi works along
lines prescribed by himself. He doe?
rot tire himself nor does he endangir
has health by overdoing his exercise.
Prominent business and profes
sional men of this city, who are mem
bers of the club, have benefited by the
course of exercise suggested by Mr.
Harrison. He has delivered lectures
en the subject before women's clubs,
snd many of the fair sex have
reached a condition of health by act
ing upon his suggestions.
WILLIAM
GREER
HARRISON
If a person will follow out tne
course prescribed by Mr. Harrison he
can dispense with physicians and
medicines.
George Miehling, wrestling- in
structor of the Olympic Club, has
posed for the various exercises used
by Mr. Harrison. Miehling is a man
cf great strength, and he assures his
friends that he has developed greater
endurance by following the system
taught him by the president of the
club.
THE necessity for exercise on th»
part of business men has been so
often presented that it seems like a
waste of words to recall attention
to the fact. Still, as each ten years
gives us a new set of business men, per
il;:] s thf- missionary effort in the direction
"I rational athletics may find acceptance
where least expected.
Business men should either eat very
lightly nr should exercise very regularly.
Kor the average business men, even with
exercise, one light and one heavy meal a
day should suffice. The man who does
not exercise, and who cats animal food
two or three times a day and fills in with
a large amount of bread, is laying up for
himself at 50 a varied assortment of phys
ical ills. If a man dees not desire to ex
erclfce, or his profession or calling does
not require him to exercise, he should re
duce his eating by 50 per cent.
There is much to be said as to when a
man should eat his first meal. Experience
has decided that a man's stomach Is not
in a condition to take into it any large
amount of food in the early morning
without injury to the digestive system.
Assuming that a man eats breakfast at
S and a lunch at 12 and a dinner at 7
o'clock, and that his dinner is a substan
tial repast of several courses and that he
goes to bed at 11 or 13 o'clock, having
done no work between the last meal and
midnight, he retires with practically a
full stomach. In other words, the fur
nace is full of heated coal and the boiler
Is full of steam. When he awakens at 7
o'clock in the morning he has exhausted
very little of that steam. AH the force
and vitality which his dinner was calcu
lated to give him remain in his system,
and until he has worked three or four
hours, by which time he has reduced the
vitality, he does not need any food. The
business or any other man who leads a
sedentary life should take his first meal
at noon.
When and What to Eat.
Of course, for the laborer or mechanic
other rules may be adopted. But I am
speaking now of business men. Let us
Tommy Atkins and His War Buttons
THE British War Office, which, on
occasions in time past, has won
glory and renown for the masterly
knowledge of military affairs it has
displayed, is in deep trouble. This trou
ble is not caused by the elusive Boers or
by any other enemies of the King, but by
—buttons.
Only buttons, but it might just as well
have been guns.
When the King ascended the throne
some one discovered that it was neces
sary to change the buttons of the British
army.
There happened to be a little war in
South Africa at the time— and there is
still— but it paled at once into nothing
ness beside this question of buttons.
For several weeks the clerks of several
THE SUNDAY CALL.
see what is the ordinary method of the
average business man in feeding. He rises
say at 7 and breakfasts at 7:00 or S
o'.clock. He eats two or three eggs, per
haps two or thee slices of bacon, prob
ably a basin of mush, probably a quan
tity of fruit and drinks several cups of
coffee. He rides to his office, smoking :i
israr. He takes no exercise— does practi
cally no physical work. At 12 o'clock he
saunters off to his club, where lie takas
a meal pretty nearly equal to that which
kVuuld he eaten by a laboring man. returns
to his office, where he remains until s:uO,
takes his street car home, as he took i:
down and as h*. took it to lunch, takes i
Cocktail or two ami at 6:::o or 7 o'clock
sits down to an elaborate dinner. He
smokes three or four cigars, perhaps
takes a highball or two and feeling
sleepy from an excess of food he goes to
bed at 10:3u or 11 o'clock. The result of
this method of eating is that there is al
ways a lot of undigestei food in the
stomach— always the presence of a large
amount ol gas. and always the material
for a variety of diseases.
A Light Breakfast.
Now let us take the other side of the
luestion. The man who gets up at 7
D'cloek takes twenty minutes' exercise, a
cold bath and then walks to his office,
having drunk a glass or more of hot
water before leaving the house, can get
through his whole day's work between
the hours of 8 and 12 without any strain
upon his system. At 12 o'clock he ha«
an appetite, wuch he will wisely not
gratify. He w'U take a basin of fruit,
preferably prunes, poached eggs and
shredded wheat bread and a cup of ce
real coffee. And he will not eat any
thing more until 6:30 o'clock. At that
hour he will take a bowl of well cookei
soup, a little fish, a cut o£ roast mutton
or roast beef or a chop or a steak, some,
baked apples and a cup of black coffes.
He will smoke a cigar, and after an hour
and a half he is in condition to do an
other day's work if it is necessary.
Now for those who think they cannot
go to work without some breakfast, let
then begin by taking the lightest amount
of breakfast and they will soon be able
• to see how perfectly they can do without
a heavy meal.
The purpose of exercises are easily
enough explained. The important -thing
departments spent their spare time be
tween lunch and 4 o'clock in feverish act
ivity.
Notes had to be written, copied, dock
eted, tied up with red tape and filed.
Pourparlers were exchanged between de
partments.
Men who could not be stirred by mere
battles found their veins tingling with ex
citement over buttons.
Several inventors of new and ingenious
buttons calculated to strike terror into the
hearts of the King's enemies were chased
down Pall Mall, and other things were
done to prove that the War Office really
had this great question in hand.
At last a truce between contending de
partment?, each anxious to prove its effi
ciency and ability in this momentous mat
ter, was arrived at. One button was
in any exercise is the vibration of tho
whole system, the increase of the circu
lation of the blood and the consequent
elimination through the pores of the skin
of all matter rejected by the blood. It
ought not to require any argument to
convince any rational man that if nature
declares that the waste matter in our sys
tem shall be got rid or, the process
of elimination— the natural process — is as
necessary as the washing of the hands,
the face and the body. If a man must
oat largely he must exercise largely, ami
the exercise being equivalent a man can
practically eat and drink whatever he
likes. But if a man wants to preserve
his form and the elasticity of his muscles
and the capacity for hard work he will
tat nothing that he cannot properly di
gest. Every man should by some method
perspire freely every day.
To come down to the practical side of ,
this question. What exercise should a
business man take? Well, a business man .
thinks he is very busy. He really is not,
but he thinks so. Going to a club and
getting a lot of mechanical exercise re
quires an amount of moral courage which .
he does not seem to possess. The cry of
the mus-xlc-s for exorcise is silenced by
the argument. "No time, no time. " Well,
every business man has eventually to iind
time to die. and a great mauy of them
have been practically dead for years.
Crime of Inaction.
Going into an assemblage of business
men is very much like going into a con
valescent ward, as every other man you
meet has a complaint and solicits your
sympathy. A man's business should be
the servant of his necessities and he
should not be the servant of his business.
The man who neglects exercise is com
mitting crime against himself, and he is
doing a serious injury to the community
in 'which he lives because he is a battery
of disease, transmitting from his own
person to others the germs of disease
which he himself has set in motion. To
overcome the difficulty about gymnasium
work a form of exercise which every busi
ness man can take if he will in his own
house has been devised. It would ba bet
ter if he took it in the gymnasium be
cause of the additional light and addir
tional air u:id the cubic space fur breath
ing purposes that a gymnasium affords.
In a gymnasium he would have the rivalry
which grows out of companionship. It' a
half dozen gentlemen choose to exercise
in a class, the prospects of continuing th«
exercise would be greater than where the
work is taken up individually. But
chosen and sent to the King, who at
once signified his approval.
A?an the great machine moved. Or
ders were sent to manufacturers, and by
thousands the buttons began to return
to the army clothing people at Pimlico.
But, a!as! a mistake had been made.
After all the buttons over which strong
men had fought and wept were not sent
to the makers.
By a "regrettable accident" a wrong de
sign found its way to Sheffield, and $5000
worth were made before the mistake was
discovered. N
Business men might have found a use
for those buttons, but Pall Mall, with
its truly paternal regard for the least
important details of Tommy's equipment,
sent them all straight back to the melting
pot.
whether taken in the house or gymna
sium, the following method of exercise
would ?ivt to every business man a con
dition of health and strength which would
make his work a pleasure and his life a
joy.
How to Breaths.
The average man does not know how to
breathe. He does not. know that nature
has t rnvided him with a pump called the
diaphragm, and that by using that pump
he can suck in in one breath about five
times as much air as he does by his pres
ent erroneous method. To-day when a
man breathes he draws the abdomen back.
To breathe properly he should throw the
abdomen forward. He should breathe al
ways through the nostrils with his mouth
clost-fi. At present he breathes through
the mouth. By long, deep breathing,
i;.-in>: the diaphragm as a pump, a man
can so buttress with muscles the upper por
tion of his body that he can maintain at
all times an erect position without fatigue.
In nthf r words, by developing fhe muscles
of the abdomen the muscles over the hips
and around the small of the back he cre
ates a wall upon which the upper portion
of the body rests. He protects the
and he protects the stomach. The process
of deep breathing and the muscular effort
r quired in breathing will rid him of that
parent of a thousand evils, constipation,
f,nd will also assist digestion and prevent
the collection of gases in the stomach.
Th:* simile system of deep breathing will
greatly increase the chest expansion.
Every deer> breath taken adds to the air
cell? in the lungs, increasing the size and
the working value of the lungs and cor
respondingly improving the health. Deep
breathing again In itself materially im
proves the circulation, a matter of vital
importance.
Where a man's muscle? in the region
referred to have become flabby and weak,
there is a sagging down of the whole of
the upper portion of his body, bringing the
weight of his head, shoulders and cheat
as a pressure upon the vital organs.
Building Up the Muscles.
Now we come to the process of elimina
tion, and the building up the muscles of
the body from the base of the skull to
the sole of the feet. The old method,
which had a lot of good in it (but which
.like many other old methods is gradually
passing away) aimed at giving men large
and highly developed bunches of muscle
which were neither necessary nor orna
mental. A later method is to develop the
muscles in such a way that they are only
seen as the muscles of a tiger or a lion
or race horse are seen — when in action.
'When relaxed the muscles should pre
sent no evidence of excessive strength.
The strength will be there, but it will be
in the quality of the muscles rather than
in, the quantity.
Correct Way of Standing.
We take up the first exercise, which is
the setting of the body in the natural
position. The old school taught: shoulders
pulled back, the stomach pulled in. and
the chest poked out, which is an unnat
ural position. The natural position for a
man standing is to lean slightly forward
on the balls of the feet, the little finger
of his palm touching the center of his
leg. with the shoulders slightly forward,
chest and stomach in the natural posi
tion. Should you take a man standing
in that position and put heavy weights
on his shoulders you will find that the
body will retain the position. Under the
old method he would be compelled to ex
ercise some form of balance to prevent
pressure on the spine and to maintain the
erect position.
The first movement is intended to de
velop the muscles of the arms and sides.
That movement is simply the raising of
the hands over the head with all the mus
cles of the body and arms tense. The
arms are swung rapidly up and down
over the head but never below or behind
the shoulder, the Idea being never at any
time to strain the chest. In this move
ment there are three motions, palms to
the front, palms upward, palms down,
and the movement is repeated five times
to the breath, the breath, being held dur
ing each movement. The second position
*5 similar to the first with the difference
that the knees are slightly bent, the fin
gers are locked in front, and the locked
hands swung- over the head up and down
five times to a breath. This movement
increases the muscular force of the back,
thighs, and necessarily the arms and
shoulders.
The Swimming Exercise.
The next exercise is a series of what is
called swimming movements, which are
for the purpose of developing tie muscle*
of the chest, the back and arms. The
hands are crossed and brought upward
under the chin, with the elbows in line
with the shoulders. The hands are then
thrown straight to the front, then out
ward risht and left In line with the
shoulders, then brought back to the front
and then back to the position under th«
chin. In this exercise there are three
movements— the palm down, the palms
turned inward and the palms turned up
ward. This is called the swimming
movement and exercises all the muscles
of the upper portion of the body.
In the next movement the position is
the same as No. 1, with the legs bent.
The hands are swung up over the head
from the sides alternately. This exer
cises all the side muscles of the body, the
front muscles of the legs and the calves,
because of the pressure on them.
The next movement is what is called
the rocking movement. The body Is erect,
as in the first position, and is fbeked right
and left. This has a tendency to strength
en the back and side muscles.
In the next movement the hands are
raised over the head, palms out. The
body is brought slowly down until ..a*
knuckles touch the floor.
The next movement Is the same, with
this difference, that you come back to
the original position of extended arms
with : each change. In the third move
ment the hands are raised over the head,
the body is turned to the right and slow
ly bent until the knuckles touch the floor;
the body is brought to the erect position
and then the movement is repeated to the ,
left. In the next position ths hands are I
stretched out in line with the shoulders,
the heels apart. The movement Is In rap-
Idly squatting by bringing the body down
upon the heels, carrying the hands over
the head at the same time.
High Stepping to Reduce Fat.
The next exercise Is nigh stepping with
the knee. The knees are raised rapidly
to the chest. This is a splendid exercise
for the muscles of the stomach and the
stomach itself. The muscles of the thighs.
calves of the legs and lower back are
greatly strengthened by this exercise. In
the sitting exercise the hands are brought
up over the bead and the head, shoulders
and hands are brought down as close to
the feet as possible. .This develops
strength in the back, reduces any fat over
the abdomen and is an excellent substitu
tion for rowing.
In the final movement the hands are
stretched out in line with the shoulders;
the hands are brought rapidly together in
front of the body, repeating the move
ment with a change by turning palma
out, down and up.
These exercises if taken for fifteen min
utes a day. with a cold sponge, cold show
er or tub immediately after the ?x
ercise, will reduce all unnecessary ab
dominal fat and will replace it with mus
cle the texture of steel wire*.
1314
HERE is a strange story of the
remarkable hulk— the Tropic
", *i Bird. The old wreck has for
years been a landmark on the beach
st Belvedere.. A house has been built
on it and families live there. Stranger
yet. the granddaughter of the original
builder of the ship is now living
there, and the daughter of the captain
who brought* the stout ship Tropla
Bird around the Horn is now a San
Franciscan. Below is given the odd
romance in full, from the- day that be
gan the last voyage of the ship to tire
•time that she was beached at the foot
cf Telegraph Hill, then taken to Bel
vedere, and later, years after, became
¦ home for the builder's descendants*
£~TVKE good people of Belvedere who
I daily go and come from that point
Ttrood people their way to bus!
go :md come from that point
to THur. n. on their way to busi-
J ness in the city, have passed year
in and year out a mystery— a mys
tery that has oeen in their midst for over
thirty years and they have not solved it.
Had it not been that, after all, this
world is so small and that events force
themselves upon us nowadays with such
rapidity that we are getting accustomed
to them. It Is probable that this mystery
¦wouid have remained one until the end
of time for the very good reason that no
one has bothered for thirty years to
EOlv* it.
• • •
In the spring of 1850, on a fine Sunday
morning:, the good ship Tropic Bird, Cap
tain Homans skipper, set sail from Glou
cester, Mass., with a cargo of general
produce, bound for the Golden Gate.
He had aboard a mixed crew— men who
had roughed it all their lives and men
that hadn't, seafaring men and landlub
bers, all having but one hope, one idea—
.the far-famed poM fields of California.
They were willing to take the risk and •
chances of the seven months at sea, with
the possible horrors of the rounding of
the Horn, if they could only once get to
the coveted land, the land flowing with
milk and honey, the land of gold.
A good, true ship was the Tropic Bird,
end a good, true man her skipper, who
had with him his brother. . .
One day is very much like another, on
a long voyage when the wind holds good
and the weather is fair, but there came
a time when the ominous murmur, a
mere whisper, gathering force each day.
the echo of mutinous discontent, caugh.
the quick ears of the young captain and
his ever-watchful brother.
The cargo was a valuable one. They
were on the high seas. If the crew
stood together against two men they were
as nothing in their hands.
Action, quick action, was their only
safeguard- For a time they waited anJ
watched like lynxes. They sifted thj
good from the bad; they placed the good
with the bad in the watches.
The mutineers were, they discovered,
headed by" a J-arge, heavy-set Dutchman,
and he had more than half the craw with
him.
It was an anxious time. They.weie
Hearing the critical point of the voyage —
the rounding of the Horn and the
weather was freshening.
The men were doing their work sullen-,
ly, the "esprit de corps" had gone, and
those true to their young skipper were
doing double duty on half-time sleep.
There could be only one end to such a
state of affairs.
One morning Captain Homans was sud
denly seized with griping pains, followed
by vomiting. Their knowledge of medi
cine was small, but they soon realize i
that their coffee had been tampered with,
and as they s.'Jt in the captain's cabin
they eyed one another fearfully, the-—.
two brothers, practically alone wit.i
would-be murderers.
They held a council of war, the result be
ir.g: that the crew was cailed aft and the
captain delivered himself of a tew well
chosen, full of ginger, .spicy sentences.
There had been a foul attempt to tak >
his life that very morning. Would the
crew jibe together or would they not?
If They Mould, let bygones be bygones.
If not, by the Almighty, he would clay
every mutineer in irons and work the
ehip round short handed.
Matters were quieter for a day or two.
the crew worked better and less sullen
ly, but it was the calm before the storm,
and one night the cloud burst.
There was a loud cry from the first
mate, and in v. second it seemed as if
every one was in the scrimmage. Breaths
came hard. There were muttered curse?
as a knife went home.
The captain rushed on deck half dress
ed. Dutch Dick had just dispatched his
man. and with a curse was on him. Now
the captain, though light, was strong
as a bull, a famous wrestler, even at
that age. and knew every trick of the
trade. The Dutchman was enormous.
big. heavy, Elouchy. It was an even
thing.
Captain Homans ducked under a vicious
thrust and got the giant round waist and
arms. They tugged and twisted, they
clipped and fell, they rolled over, b.ut the
captain never let go that hold, for to
yield was death. They were up again
and the hold could last no longer. Like
a flash he changed it. He caught the
gasping Dutchman by his belt, got his
left arm and shoulder under his leg and
threw him over his head.
The captain fell on him with all his
force and stunned him.
It was an intervention of Providence
that brought the storm, in all its force,
on that howlinqr, cursing, yelling mob of
mad devils, mad with the lust of gain,
thirsty for blood.
There was a bright, piercing flash, the
sharp battalion crack, crack of thunder.
The Eton* was on them. No time now
for murder and rapine. It was a battle
against the elements. Each man to his
post.
The captain was up roaring orders to
his men. Those who could obeyed.
Mr.ny of them limped to their duty.
Dutch Dick, recovering quickly from his
heavy fall, subdued, conquered, got
quickly to work, and the making of all
ship shape to meet .he storm began.
One danger was over, beaten out of ex
. istcnee by anothe". The crew worked
with a will to save their own skins.
These who were too disabled to work
cured their own wounds as best they
could. The first mate, with two ugly
knife cuts in him, the captain tended in
hi:* .are moments.
Battered, tempest torn, thrown hither
and thither, a mere cockle shell in the
hands of God's elements, the stanch
craft, skillfully handled by Captain
Homans, Just managed to reach the
Golden Gate. f
Waterlogged and mauled, the "Tropic
Bird" presented a somewhat different ap
pearance to that Sunday morning, so
many months ago, when she started in
ell her regal beauty to come round the
Horn.
Captain Homans. i— lli'm her con3l
tion. beached her at tne foot of Teiv B ia H »
Hill. The crew deserted to a man and
ran from Mer as the rats had already
done many years before.
The position of the captain was not a
pleasant one, but he and his brother set
to work and with indomitable spirit and
courage built' a boarding-house and gen
eral merchandise store on the deck of
their ill-fated ship.
The captain was bookkeeper, cashier
and chambermaid, while his brother
tended store and was high cook and bot
tlewasher.
They coined money. Prices were high
and they were liked for their pluck and
stability.
Some years later they sold out and re
turned to the East via Panama, to en
gage in fresh pursuits and seek ad
ventures new.
• • •
In the spring of 1901, on a balmy Sun
day morning, among the hurrying, jost
ling throng that rush for the five min
utes past nine; had you been looking
carefully, you would have seen four peo
ple pass through that small aperture,
permitted on Sundays and rushdays by
the company who holds sway over the
road, between San Francisco and San
Rafael, via Tiburon.
1 say four people advisedly, for they
consisted of two adults, a child and a
fog. Some dry the dog shall make his
tory for himself.
These four grot off the boat at Tiburon,
as became people who were searching for
knowledge, or who were going to San
Rafael.
They walked slow.y along through
Tiburon. round the bend and so toward
Belvedere proper.
While the father was busy investigat
ing a boat In construction, the wife's eye
caught a name thct made her color come
and so. that mad* her call quickly. bid
ai»s iin- nusband come to her. The
child, playing with the dog, came running
to her side.
They looked. They read "The Tropic
Bird." Sure enough, there, where the
stern should have been, there in broad
daylight, nailed to the boardings of the
building, was the old identical, woodwork,
and in gold letters "The Tropic Bird."
"Let's go in and see," said the wife, full
of hope and a feeling of shaking hands,
as It were, with an old friend.
'Come on," said the sire, and the other
two concurring, they boldly ascended the
steps leading to the uper deck that was.
And here the world became very small
indeed. The first body they encountered
was Mrs. Joseph H. Scott, who invited
them into her cozy parlor and bade them
welcome to "The Tropic Bird."
It was an odd meeting. Thousands of
DO YOU KNOW WHY WE ARE RIGHT-HANDED?
WHY are men as a rule right
handed?
Many theories are given In an
¦ swer. Some suppose that right
handedness . has become hereditary — that
in course of lons years of only partial em
ployment the left -hand has lost its cun
ning. Against this theory, however, it is
pointed out thai, almost all Infants are at
first left-handed, .and for a very simple
reason. -.. In " the ordinary way a mother
or a nurse, unless left-handed, carries a
baby with its bead against her left side
and with its right' arm next her. The
baby consequently puts its left hand out
to grasp objects, and grows up left-hand
ed until disabused of the habit by subse
quent education. ' -
How often does one hear a fond mother
saying, "Right hand, dear," to a child
who puts out a left in greeting or who
prefers to use its left hand for holding a
spoon or a knife? Many wise doctors now;
visa mothers to allow ttaclr children to,
THE SUNDAY CALL/
THE
ROMANCE
OF TROPIC
BIRD
miles had divided these people for many,
many years, yet "Kismet" brought them
at its given hour together.
What did Mrs. Scott know about "The
Tropic Bird?" The little woman sat be
fore them with her big, bouncing boy on
her lap and told them all she knew.
About thirty years before a certain Mr.
Bichard had seen the old hulk lying at the
foot of Telegraph Hill and bargaining for
her had bought her for a mfere song. He
then had her towed over to what, is now
beautiful Belvedere, cut her in half and
built a house where the stern had been.
Here her brothers had eventually come
to live and had entered into business, one
as a contractor and builder, the other as
a coal merchant.
Here, to, she had come about twelve
months before and here she expected to
remain till her son grew up.
use either hand without any preference.
Sir James Sawyer, M. D., has probably
hit upon the most plausible reason for the
right-handedness of the | human race. In
those early days, he says, when those
might take who had the power and those
might keep who could, we were a fighting
people, and. a people who fought. hand to
hand. Naturally in this kind of fighting
it is most convenient to wield a - weapon
which can be used by one hand only,
leaving 1 the other . hand , and arm free for
preserving balance, for defensive . cover
ing and' for offensive seizing. . .-; ¦¦
Nov. the right hand would naturally be
used in preference to the left for wielding
a weapon, in order that the heart might
be kept as far away, as possible from the
assault of an adversary- Hence right
handedness arose and was passed on from
father. to son. ¦-•. -i - ¦¦ • ¦'¦-.¦ -: .-- ¦ ¦ ¦•".
Moreover, when men first fought togeth
er • in companies they must > soon . have
found that it was most convenient to han
dle their weapons in . a uniform way. If ;
some in a fighting company were right
handed and others were left-handed their
weapon? ctov'.S be contlvuaJiy o!«»kic«.
"Now," she continued, "we have often
wondered if this 'Tropic Bird' is the one
my grandfather built. Donald Dewar was
his name, and he was a shipbuilder up in
Georgetown. Prince Edward Island. He
turned out two ships in about \&2j. and one
of them was 'The Tropic Bird.' "
Her listeners were all excitement. "Did
your grandfather sell 'The Tropic Bird?' "
asked one. "Yes," came the answer, "to
a gentleman in Gloucester, Mass. Grand
father thought she was unlucky, for even
the rats wouldn't stay with her, so he
sold her."
Ther« was a moment's silence. It was
all so wonderful. There sat five people,
four of them deeply interested in the
tragedy that had been.
There ahead of them was the bow of
that gallant though unlucky vessel, and
presently they would stand where the
"Whether drilling or fighting, the • men
would need more space for wielding their
weapons. If . on the other hand, each
man used his 3word or his staff with the
same hand as his neighbor employed, con
fusion .would be minimized and a sym
metrical appearance would be given to the
martial body. ¦ . .
So it may be.inferred, says a writer in
the October Pearson's, that from the ear
liest times custom and convenience have
had most to do with the preferential use
of the right hand. It is unfair to the left
hand to argue ' that ¦it suffers from any
physical disability because man usually
gives most of his fine work to the right
hand. This Is shown by the fact that
any man may train his , left hand to be
as clever as his right.
¦In fact, ¦in • some ; matters the left hand
is habitually given equal rights with the
right, • and ¦ occasionally -it is given the
preference by naturally right-handed peo
ple. In knitting a woman '" gives both
hands -an * equal share of work, and is
equally skilled with each. 1 When riding or
driving " a • man gives his left hand - the
preference in the : matter cX ¦ holding - the
rein*. :¦ ' .• :- : . ¦ : . ¦;' . ¦r ¦ ¦ ¦ I
father of one and the grandfather of th<s
other had stood.
They would feel the deck, once deep
dyed with human blood, beneath their
feet, they would hear, on their imagina
tion, the yells and curses of a rum-soaked
crew.
They would see the brave young captain,
the youngest ever to bring a ship around
the Horn, standing cool and deliberate,
giving quick commands, awing those sav
ages into obedience by his noble bearing
and bringing his waterlogged ship safely
*•> oort.
Awaking from <helr r<*v^ries. the on*
fair woman went to the other and clasped
her round the shoulders.
"My dear. " she said, and her voice
trembled with emotion, "you are the con
necting link in this j?Teat and wonderful
fact. This is your 'Tropic Bird' and my
'Tropic Bird'; your grandfather. Mr. De
war, sold this vessel to my father and his j
brother. My father brought her round the ,"*
Horn and beached her at Telegraph Hill."
There were tears in the women's eye*
as they went out arm In arm.
WILLIAM JARDINE.THE MOST FAMOUS
CENTENARIAN OF
THE WEST
FROM tim« to time we hear of per
sons who attain a century of age,
but they are usually those who
have passed very quiet and une
ventful lives and have done little
to wear out their natural strength. It is
very rare that a man of distinguished
character and active life reaches such ex
treme age. This rule is broken in the case
of General Jose Maria Chavez, who be
et .me 100 years old on Wednesday, Sep
tember 25. He has been in extremely ac
tive life all his days, and has held more
official positions, and under more govern
ments, than any other man in the United
I. He has lived and held office un
der three governments, not by moving
from one country to another, but by hav
:.e government over him change
while he has lKed continuously in one
place.
General Chavez was born in the town
of Santa Clara, on the banks of the Rio
Grande, about twenty-five miles north of
Banta Fe, on the 25th day of September,
GOSSIP ABOUT THE LOCAL ART WORLD
+% YOT since the good old days of
f\\ Tavernier and Julian Rlx has
I V the atmosphere of our local art
\ V circle teemed with such ' excite
. merit, ambition and above all pros
perity as marks this month prior to the
annual Bohemian Club exhibition, the
first prominent one of the new century.
Perhaps some of the, pood cheer is due to
the fact that San Francisco is gaining
recognition. Slowly and surely she is
reaching the height which years ago was
prophesied by the first named master,
whose work has Immortalized his name.
Tavernier had said that some time, per
haps in many years, but some time, this
land's end of the continent would be the
art center of the world. We may laugh
away "the thought: we may say, no, he
tasuSe a mistake, he meant New York; bat
weurh well the question with argument
both pro and con. then concede the fact
that this peninsula city certainly has the
advantage, for there is here within a
radius of twenty miles a field for art that
is absolutely limitless, from the iri
descent sands to the heart of the oaks.
marsh, meadow, mountain and sea. all
mellowed by the atmospheric something
which we recognize yet cannot name. This
nexplicable softness of tone, together
with our wealth of color, is sending the
mime of California to artists all over the
world. But perhaps the greatest pride of
all is the fog. the shining, silvery mist,
"half concealing, half revealing," moving
fantastic shadows of soft light through
which even a telegraph pole takes on
grace and the awkward appearing three
sided street lamps look like fairies. As
Charles Robinson says. "The fog is the
true sentiment of San Francisco." But
think not by that that we have no sun.
* tor we have, too, skies as blue as the
beautiful waters of Naples. All that now
regains to make our city quickly fulfill
th» prophecy Is the liberal patronage of
local production and the timely recognl
tict of genuine merit before the fact has
1801. He came of illustrious ancestors.
His great-great-great-grandfather was
Don Fernando Duran y Chavez, who cairn*
from Spain to Mexico and was a captain
in the brilliant company of cavaliers wh)
accomplished the reconquest of New Mex
ico in 1692 under the celebrated Don Diego
de Vargas. The Chavez family is an
ancient one among the Spanish hidalgo-?.
It appears that it was originally written
"Llaves" (Keys), a surname given by tlio
King cf Spain to a certain Don Nulfo for
his wonderful gallantry in the capture of
a Moorish town, of which he presented
the keys to his sovereign.
The Chavez iamily settled at a plae*
at first namrrl after them. Los Chavez,
and now known as Atrisco. Here the
father of General Chavez, Francisco An
tonio Chavez, was born and lived for a
number of years, but ultimately moved
north, and «rai sojourning at the Indian
pueblo of Santa Clara at the time of the
birth of his illustrious son. Four years
been discovered and lauded abroad. This
condition which has existed only lends
strength to the hackneyed remark, "That
one must first go to Europe before he is
appreciated at home," a reputation truly
not to be courted. San Franciscans are
surely capable of saying such and such a
work is meritorious without first looking
at the tag attached by the committee of
the Paris salon.
This year more than ever before there
will be an opportunity to observe the
strength of our artist element, for the
studio doors are barred, inquisitive vis
itors knock in vain; there is work going
on— work whien promises to make this
December exhibition one of the best San
Francisco has had for years, for this is
the club where men of money, the lovers
and patrons of art congregate, wine, dine,
criticise, and what is more important, put
their hands in their pockets— the re
sult being many cheerful looking* lritle
tickets marked "sold" being tacked about,
and during the exhibitions . congratula
tions reverberating through the hall. It
is small wonder then that the best is al
ways reserved for this which opens the
first week in December. The finishing
touches have been put on the water colors
for the Hopkins exhibition, which opens
Thursday, November 7. with a display of
water color, pastel and black and white.
The committee decided to exclude all oils
this year, and. therefore, it is expected
that the collection of the above named
will be exceptionally fine. .. '
Henry J. Brewer sent a good sized wa
ter color representing a Californian scene,
and is now at .work on a large canvas for
the Bohemian Club. From present indi
cations this will be an unusually strong
piece of work end is sure to add to ¦ the
already rnviab'e reputation of this well
known artist.
L. P. Latimer will show a particularly
beautiful study in water color, entitled
"The Marsh it; the Mist," and for the
December exhibition is working on some
pine interior and some excellent marines,
the result of a busy summer in Monterey.
later he moved up the Chama River to
Abiquiu, then an Indian village, situated
on a high bluff which rises from the river
valley, and which is still known In the
¦vicinity as "The Pueblo" on account of
Its Indian origin, though it has been mi
important Spanish town for many years.
Here General Chavez has passed thj
whole of his active life, living there con
tinuously for ninety-six yo;ir?.
Abiquiu was a frontier settlement, the
farthest advanced ot Spanish colonisation,
and directly on the line of the almost con
stant invasions of the wild Indian tribes
—the Utes. Apaches. Navajos, Kiowas
and Comanohes. Until some years after
the American occupation— indeed, until
after 1865. the people in the settlement*
outside of the Rio Grande Valley were
nevei safe from attack, and even in the
valley itself there were raids almost every
year which carried off vast numbers of
cattle and sheep and considerable num
bers of prisoners, mostly children. It is
Mr. Cadenasso, besides a few pastels rep
resenting one of his favorite and most
successful subjects, the stately etica
lypti, has finished a tempera painting,
something comparatively new in San
Francisco, although this revival of the
early Italian school has been noticeable
in the European galleries this year past.
The method consists principally in using
a preparation j>; egg for dilution in place
of oil, the result being superb coloring,
which does not darken and deaden with
age. This fact is significant in the work
of some of the old masters, whose can
vases, with the passing of all these years,
still retain their brilliancy.
Cadenasso has in this "old new" school
achieved a splendid result, and the tem
pera, one of the first to be exhibited here,
will, no doubt, cause considerable com
ment.
Harry Fondr- has sett nothing to the
Hopkins, but may have a few canvases
for the club. He has found Monterey a
good field for work, and is proving his al
legiance to the adobes and p+nes by pack
ing his trunk and departing for another
year, at the termination of which he wl^l
go to Florence.
Charles Dickmnn has deserted his cozy
little Monterey cottage; that is. for a few
months, and is more than busy on the
portraits of several handsome million
aires. Mr. Dk-kman will havo some Brit
tany fisher folk, and we hope a moonlight,
for there la a canvas in his studio which
makes one wish that more moonlights
from his brush would be forthcoming.
Orin Peck has a number pf good' things
for this exhibition, several of which have
never been shown before. The large can
vas, entitled "The Cabbage Garden." an
exceptionally strong piece of work, which
received commendation from the Euro
pean authorities, was recently the most
talked about picture of the October
Sorosis Club exhibition, where it was
shown in this city for the first time.
Henry Rasehen has just returned from
a European trip which lasted a year,
during which time much of the other side
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a rare thin? in examining New Mexican
genea logies not to find several names
marked "Captive" meaning that they
had been curried off as captives by the
marauding Indian bands. The frontier
settlements were frequently abandoned
for years, until a partial cessation of hos
tilities or the arrival of some bold and
venturesome company of settlers caused
them to be reoccupiedi The inhabitants,
from curliest youth, were bred to arms
and w( re always ready to repel an at
t:i< k or join in an expedition to punish
the marauders by a counter invasion. In
the vicinity of Abiquiu are still seen a
number of half-ruined "torreones," the
round towers which were built as lookout
stations from which the approach of the
hostile Indians could be seen and the set
tlers called to arms.
Young Chavez, from his earliest days,
developed a strong military genius, ani
was soon recognized as a leader among
his people. Before the success of the
of frie oc%an was traveled over, admired j
nd criticized, and now this artist says: I
"I have seen what there is abroad; I have
sketched, painted, observed: but I c ">me
homo to take my hat off to California, for 1
she is without a rival." Mr. Rasehen is i
fond of studying nature close to nature's
heart and he has therefore some wood
land and mountain stcne? wlilch are
beautiful. Thy painter means to make a
thorough study of the coast. His work
this year will be a welcome addition to
the club.
E. W. Currier, a comparative stranger
in our midst, is doing some exceptionally
fine work in both water color and oil. Mr.
Currier spent the summer in Monterey
making studies of the adobes. There is a
warmth of feeling in* his work that is
seldom seen in water color; the China
town studies being exceptionally strong.
J. Martinet has returned from Paris and
is hard at work on an ambitious piece
fully five feet in length and four in width
—subject, Indian Sun Worshipers.
Amedee Joullin. the Indian painter, has
lclt the wilds of New Mexico, has given
up trying to hynotize the Indians into pos
ing, has packed his grip and a goodly
number of canvases, sketches and studies
taken for future use and with them has
landed in New York, where he, like all
prominent Californians. has been received
with ooen arms. They like our Western
artists in New York. Mr. Joullin will
give an exhibition at an early date, after
which a trip to Paris is in contemplation.
Once in awhile a stray bit of news from
abroad speaks about Joseph Greenbaum,
vho is evidently working hard. Mr.
G r tenbaum has a permanent studio in
Paris and expects to remain there another
year.
The circulars are already being sent out
fiom the committee on art for the World's
Fair to be held in St. Louis in the" year
1903. They are giving plenty of time for
t^e artists to prepare contributions. In
vitations »are also being received from
those in charge of the New Orleans exhi
bition, which opens December 3.
THIS MAN WAS 100 YEARS OLD ON SEPTEMBER 25, 1901.
HE HAS LIVED AND BEEN IN AUTHORITY UNDER THREE GOVERNMENTS.
HELD THREE OFFICES UNDER FERDINAND VII, KING OF SPAIN, BEFORE 1822.
TOOK PART IN ELEVEN CAMPAIGNS AGAINST INDIANS, AND IN FIVE OF THEM
WAS COMMANDER IN CHIEF.
HE WAS SEVEN TIMES A MEMBER OF THE TERRITORIAL LEGISLATURE.
HAS RECEIVED COMMISSIONS AND TITLES WITHOUT NUMBER.
Mexican revolution in 1522 he had held
three offices under the Spanish King Fer
dinand VII, and had seen active service
both In defensive and offensive -war. His
first position was that of lieutenant in
the "urban militia": from this he was
promoted to be captain of a battalion,
"capitan de escuadron," and was soon
afterward made an adjutant in the army.
All this before he waß 22 years of age.
The change in government caused by
Mexican independence made little differ
ence In the frontier experiences of the
New Mexicans of that- day. The Indian
invaders cared not at all whether King
Ferdinand, the Emoeror Iturbide or a
r«Duhlican President claimed allegi-
ance of the Spanish settlers, captain
Chavei was now a tall young man, with
a black beard, piercing eyes, and a grow
ing reputation as a bold, skillful and suc
cessful Indian lighter. During the quar
ter of a century of Mexican Government
lie was gradually promoted in rank until
he became a colonel, then "Military In
spector of the frontiers of Abiquiu. Ojo
Caliente and El Rito." and finally a brig
adier general.
The Nnvajos and the Utes were the
wors-t enemies of this part of New Mex
ico, the Apaches and Comanches being
most dangerous on the east of the moun
tains; and, besides being constantly on
the watch to repel invasions. General
Cliawz. in the course of his life, took
par! In no less than eleven regular cam
paigns against the Indians, and in rive of
them he was commander in chief. Thtse
camraigr.b consisted of invasions of the
Indian country In order to inflict punish
ment on the marauding tribes, to recap
ture and release prisoners and recover the
animals and other booty that had been
carried away, and they usually resulted
also in the capture < ' mmib. rof In
dian boys and giro, who were distributed
among the settlers as servants. These
expeditions penetrated into Arizona, Colo
rado and Utah, wherever the offending
tribe happened to be. The last of these
campaigns under Mexican authority was
against the Utes in 1545, and may be de
scribed as an illustration of the general
character of all of them.
The Utes having been more insolent and
troublesome than usual, it was determ
ined by the Governor of the Department
of New Mexico to organize a campaign
of invasion for their punishment, and on
the 31st of May Juan Andres Archulete.
then adjutant general, sent to General
Chavez his commission as commander in
chief, and at the same time dispatched
orders to the prefects of the th.'cc dis
tricts into which New Mexico was then
divided, to furnish a thousand men for the
purpose, including one hundred regular
troops, all to rendezvous at Taos on July
19. On June 14 elaborate instructions for
the conduct of the campaign were issued.
The little army marched north into what
is now Colorado, and the Utes fled before
them. Finally the Indians approached the
Napeste River, now called the Arkansas.
and as that -was the boundary line be
tween Mexico and the United States.
General Chavez sent a messenger to the
Governor at Santa Fe to ask whether he
could pursue them within American ter
ritory, but was instructed that that could
not be done: and so he returned after
driving them across the river and de
stroying ail the goods which they hail
left. Fur his services in this and other
campaigns he receiver! fronj the Mexican
Government a magnificent sword, which
is one of the highly prized ornaments cf
his home at Abicuiu.
He was a man of very great personal
bravery, and scores of anecdotes are cur
rent as to his fearlessness and daring. It
i-= said that at one time when a band o*
Indians invaded the Spanish settlements
Chavez raised a company and pursued
t.iem. but so far outran his men that
when he came in sight of the enemy ho
was entirely alone. But without any
hesitation he' rode into their camp at full
speed, and created such consternation
that the entire party fled, leaving all of
their arms and provisions on the ground.
But General Chavez's talents were not
confined to military operations. Under the
Mexican rule he was Alcalde for four
yean and Prefect of the Northern Ju
risdiction for a long period, this latter po
sition being the most important civil of
fice north cf Sant? Fe.
After the American occupation under
General Kearney he became a citizen of
the United States and served under the
new government in many official capac-i
i - F " 1 the beginning of the Terri
tcria. Government he was a brigadier
r
general of militia and continued as such
for a number of years. He was seven
times a member of the Territorial Legis
lature, his large experience being of great
value in that body. In ISSI he was ap
pointed by Governor James S. Calhoun
prefect of the county of Rio Arriba. In
1853 he was commissioned by Governor
David Merriweather as Probate Judge of
the same county, he having been elected
to that office, and he served three terms
in ihis position. When the rebellion
broke out he was found, like almost all
New Mexicans, ready to serve under the
stars and stripes, and on August 9. 1861,
was commissioned by Governor Rencher
lieutenant colonel ..f a volunteer mounted
regiment, called into the service of the
fnited States. In fart, he has commis
sions enough under the three Government*
to paper an ordinary room, or. if framed,
to decorate an entire house. Hi 3 last com
mission was given to him by Governor
Axtell in September. 1575. when he was
just 74 years old, and appointed him
School Commissioner of Rio Arr*ba
County.
One of his most famous campaigns,
however, was made without any regular
commission whatever, in 1860 the Indiana
had become almost insupportable; the
savages liacl attacked villages in the very
center of the Territory, and even carried
off cattle from the outskirts of Sajita Fe.
Neither the civil nor the military author
ities afforded protection, and. in despair,
the leading citizens held a convention and
determined to raise a volunteer army and
inflict such punishment on the Navajos
as to prevent further trouble. Every
county was called on for its proportion
and General Chavez was made lieutenant
colonel, the chief command in the field
being given to his cousin. Don Manuel
Chavez, also a renowned Indian fighter.
The men assembled at San Isidro, eaeii
mounted on his own horse, and they
marched into the midst of the enemy 3
country, far across the Arizona line, in
flicting such punishment that it was
never forgotten. In this campaign Gen
eral Chavez gained fresh laurels and the
newspapers of that day contain a num
ber of verses dedicated to him and re-
counting his deeds of bravery, the first
being as follows: '
El Teniente Coronel.
Del condado del Rio Arriba A .
Es distinguido hombre flel:
Gritemos todos oue viva!" -
The Chavez residence, where General
Chavez has lived for almost a century, is
one of those spacious buildings construct
ed around an open "placita," or court
yard, and covering almost an acre of
ground, which are characteristic of the
old Spanish families. It stands on the
brow of a high and almost perpendicular
bluff, which commands a view of the en
tire valley of the Chama River for many
miles, and was a place easily defensible
in the days when that was a very impor
tant consideration. It is surrounded by
fruit trees of all kinds and with a multi
tude of outhouses and corrals for the ac
commodation of livestock of all descrip
tions, among which must not be forgotten
a number of peacocks which proudly dis
play their gorgeous plumage in the won
derful brightness of New Mexican sun
shine on the tops of adobe walls and the
branches of rreat trees.
The cnildren of General Chavez live on
ranches in the vicinity of their father, so
that family reunions are not unusual. He
has three sons— Patricio. who lived
for a number of years in California, but
now resides on the north side of th^
Chama River. near Abiquiu: Jose
Maria C. Chavez, who lives in the eld
homestead, extending loving care to his
venerable father: Francisco C, who ha.s.
a fine ranch a few miles to the west, and
two daughters, the wives respectively of
Ignacio L. Ortiz and Jesus Maria Vigil,
who live at Abiquiu and El Rlto. Ot
¦grandchildren and great-grandchildren he
has a goodly number and thus he lives
like an ancient patriarch surrounded by
his descendants.
ODD PHOTO
OF A
COON HUNT
THE raccoon, or opossum, fa art ani
mal of common occurßence in va-
THE raccoon, nr tBMMB, is an and
ma! of common occurrence in va
rious parts of the Unite.l States and
I Australia. He is usually termed a
JL "coon" or ••possum." in Afetralia
his fur is considerably valued, as it
makes one of the best sleeping baa for
outdoor use by travelers in "the bush."*
The possum is a very clever little animal
and to catch him requires some patience
and artifice. A common way in Australia
is what Is known as "mooning." The
hunter waits for a bright moonlight night
and then, with two or three dogs, wan
ders through a part of "the bush" where
possums are known to have their haunts.
If the dogs get upon the .-cent of the
possum they pursue him until ha rur ;
up the trunk of a " tree to escape from
them. The dogs then stand at the foot
of the tree and bark continually to bring
up the hunter*, who place themselves so
that the tree is between themselves ami
the moon. The dark figure of the pos
sum clinging closely to the trunk or
bough of the tree Ml then clearly km and
a shot brings him down; that is. it gen
.rally does, for occasionally the animal
grips the bough 90 tightly that even whe:i
dead he does not fall, and a climb is nec
essary to get his body. ¦'
As the tree most commonly selected by
the possum is one of the many varieties
of eucalyptus or arum, the phrase. . "A
possum up a gum tree," denotes a person
In a serious strait or trying to avoid at
tention as much as possible.
In this country the coon Is tlrtven up
into a tree by dogs and is then shot, but
daytime is usually selected for the sport.
When a coon has been driven up Into a
tree by dogs he is said to be '"treed.
The above photograph shows very clear
ly a coon in this unfortunate position. It
was taken by George E. Moulthrope of
Bristol, in the State of Connecticut, who
makes a specialty of pictures of game and
sport.
1516
GRAUSTARK THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
Synopsis.
Grenfall Lorry, a young mar, of wealth and
position, while traveling on the Denver Express
has his interest suddenly awakened in a re
markably attractive young: woman who is /»™
her uncle and aunt. He is puzzling his brain
for a wav to make her acquaintance when the
opportunity offers Itself by the train acciden
tally leaving them both in a small town of
the "mountain district. Lorry wires ahead and
by hiring a team manages, after a romantic
drive, to catch the train at the next station.
By this means he manages to become quite
friendly with the party. He is rather dis
concerted to find that so lovely a creature
should have the name of "Gusgenslocker. He
hopes to see more of them, for he learns that
they will stop over a day in Washington, where
Lorry lives. Arriving at the station they get
out before he is dressed, and he fears that he
has missed them. He finds them again, how
rver, but only to show them around the Capitol
for a few brief hours, and then to say good-by.
He receives an -invitation to visit Kdelweiss.
CHAPTER V— Continued.
BKKTIMEXTAL EXCHANGE.
THE memory of that last tender hand
clasp and the soft glow in her eyes
stood like a wall between the fear
that she had forgotten and the cer
tainty that she remembered. Had not
this memory kept him awake? That and
the final, mysterious emotion which had
sh^krn itself in her face as he had last
looked upon it? A thousand times had
he pondered over that startled look and
•the signs of agitation. Was it fear? Was
it dismay? Was it renunciation? What
ever it was. it sorely disturbed him: it
had partly undone the charm of the mo
ment before— the charm that could not
and would not be gainsaid.
True to his intention, he went to the
office early, virtuously inclined to work.
His uncle greeted him warmly and a long
conference over business affairs fol
lowed. To Lorry's annoyance and dis
comfiture, he found himself frequently
inattentive. Several important cases
¦were pending, end in a day or two they
were to go to court with a damage suit
of more than ordinary consequence.
Lorry, senior, could not repress his grati
fication over the return of his clever, ac
tive nephew at sue an opportune time.
He felt himself unable to handle the case
alone: the endurance of a young and
vigorous jnind was required for the com
ing battle in chancery.
They lunched together, the elder eager
and confidential, the other respectful and
— abser.t-mir>deJ. In the afternoon the
junior went over the case, and renewed
search for authorities and opinions, fully
determined to be constant in spite of his
inclination to be fickle. ' Late in the day
he petulantly threw aside the books.
curtly informed his astonished uncle that
lie was not feeling well, and left the
sffice. Until dinner time he played bil
liards atrociously at his club; at dinner
his mother sharply reproved him for fla
grant inattentions; after dinner he
smoked and -wondered despondently. To
morrow she must sail: If he could but
see her once more!
At 7:30 his mother found him in the
library, searching diligently through the
volume of the encyclopedia that con
tained the G'e. When she asked him what
he was looking for he laughed idiotically,
and, in confusion, informed her that he
•was trying to find the name of the most
important city in Indiana. She was
glancing at the books in the case when
she was startled by hearing him utter an
exclamation and then leap to his feet.
"Half past seven! I can make it!"
"What is the matter, Gren, dear?"
"Oh!" he ejaculated, bringing himself up
¦with a start. "I — er— yes. mother,
I'll just have time to catch the train, you
know. Will you kindly have Mary clean
up this muss of books and so forth? I'm
off, you see, to New York— for a day only,
mother— to-morrow! Important busi
ness—Just remember it, you know—
Good-by, mother! Good-by!" He had
kissed her and was in the hall before she
fairly understood what he was talking
about. Then she ran after him, gaining
the hallway in time to see him pass
through the street door, his hat on the
side of his head, his overcoat fluttering
furiously as he shoved his arms into the
sleeves. The door slammed and he was
off to New York.
The train was ready to pull out when he
reached the station, and it was only by a
hard run that he caught the last platform,
panting but happy. Just twenty-four
hours before she had left Washington and
it was right here that she had smiled and
said she would expect him to come to
Edelweiss. He had had no time to secure
a berth in the sleeper, but was fortunately
able to get one after taking the train.
Grenfall went to sleep feeling both dis
appointed and disgusted. Disappointed
because of his submission to sentiment,
disgusted because of the man who occu
pied the next section. A man who is in
love and In doubt has no patience with
the prosaic wretch who can sleep so
audibly.
After a hasty breakfast in New York he
telephoned to the steamship company's
pier and asked the time of sailing for the
Kaiser Wilhelm. On being Informed that
the ship was to cast off at her usual hour
he straightway called a cab and was soon
bowling along toward the busy waterway
Directly he sat bolt upright, rigid and
startled to find himself more awakened to
the realization of his absurd action. Again
it entered his infatuated head that he
was performing the veriest schoolboy
trick in rushing to a steamship pier in the
hope of catching a final, and at best un-
l tlS i aC i Ory glimpse of a young woman
who had appealed to his sensitive admir
ation. A lovesick boy could be excused
for such a display of Imbecility, but a
man— a man of the world! Never!
"The Idea of chasing down "to the
water', edge to see that girl is -enough
to make you ashamed of yourself for life
Grenfall Lorry.- he apostrophized "It's
worse than any love-sick fool ever
dreamed of doing. I am blushing, I'll
be bound. The idiocy of the thing! And
suppose she should see me staring at
her out there on the pier? What would
the think of me? I'll not go another foot-
I won't be a fool."
He #as excited and self-conscious and
thoroughly ashamed of the trip into
which his impetuous adoration had driven
him. Just as he was tugging at the
door In the effort to open it that he
might order the driver to take him back
to the hotel, a sly tempter whispered
something in his ear; his fancy was
caught, and he listened:
"Why not go down to the pier and look
over the passenger list, just to see if she
has been booked safely? That would be
perfectly proper and sensible, and besides
it will be a satisfaction to know that she
lets off all right. Certainly! There's
nothing foolish in that. . . . Especially
as I am right on the way there.
And as I have come so far ... there's
no sense in going back without seeing
whether she has ; secured passage.
I can find out in a minute and then go
home. . . . There won't be anything
wrong in that. And then I may have a
glimpse of her before the ship leaves the
pier. She must not see xne, of course.
Never! She'd laugh at me: How I'd
hate to see her laughing at me!" Then,
sinking back again with a smile of justi
fication on his face, he muttered: "We
won't turn back; we'll go right ahead.
We'll be a kind of a fool, but not so
foolish as to allow her to see us and
recognize* us as one."
Before long they arrived at the wharf,
and he hurried to the office near by.
The clerk permitted him to look over the
list, l?irEt he ran through the first-class
passengers, and was surprised to find
that there was no such name as . Gug
genslocker in the list. Then he went over
the second .class, but still no Guggen
tlockcr. ' I
G. B. McCUTCHEON
"Hasn't Mr. Gusreenslocker taken pas
sage?' he demanded, unwilling to be
lieve his eye?.
"Not on the Kaiser Wilhelm, sir."
Then, by George, they'll miss the
boat: " Lorry exclaimed. "Maybe they'll
be here in a few minutes."
"They cant get anything but steerage
now, sir. Everything else is gone."
"Are you sure they haven't taken pas
sage?" asked the bewildered Lorry,
weakly.
"You can see for yourself," answered
the young man curtly.
Lorry was again in a perspiration, this
time the result of a vague, growing suspi
cion that had forced itself into his mind.
He wandered aimlessly away, his brain a
chaos of speculation. The suspicion to
which ho had given countenance grew.
and as it enlarged he suffered torment
untold. Gradually he came to the conclu
sion that she had fooled him, had lied to
him. She did not intend to sail on the
"W^lnelm at all. Jt was all very clear to
h'm now. that strangeness in her manner,
those odd (H-oisional smiles. What was
she? An adventuress! That sweet-faced
pirl a little ordinary coquette, a liar? He
turned cold with the thought. Nor was
she alone in her duplicity. Had not her
uncle and aunt been as ready to deceive
him? Were they trying to throw him off
theii track for some subtle purpose? Had
they done something for which they were
i ompelled to fly the country as Quickly
a.s possible? No! Not that! They cer
tainly were not fleeing from justice. But
why wen they not on board the Kaiser
Wiihelm?
Suddenly he started as if he had been
struck, and an Involuntary exclamation
of pain and horror escaped his lips. Per
haps something unforeseen had happened
—an accident— illness— eveiv death!
The clanging of bells broke upon his
ears and he knew that the great ship was
abcut to depart. Mechanically, disconso
lately he walked out and paced the broad,
crowded wharf. Ah was excitement.
There was the rush of people, the shouts,
the cheers, the puffing of tugs, the churn
ing of water, and the Kaiser Wilhelm wa.s
off on its long voyage. Half-heartedly,
miserably and in a dazed condition h<^
found a place in the front row along the
rail. There were tears in his eyes, tears
of anger, shame and mortification. She
had played with him!
Moodily he watched the crowd of voy-
Rgers hanging over the rails of the mov
ing leviathan of the deey>. A [atat smile
of irony came to his lips. This was thy
boat on which his heart was to have been
freighted from native shores. The craft
was sailing, but it was not carrying the
cargo that he had, in very good faith,
consigned to Graustark. His heart was
certainly not on board the Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse.
Gloomily his disappointed eyes swept
along the rail of the big steamer, ha.:'
interested in spite of themselves. Twice
they passed a certain point on -the Tor
ward deck, unconscious of a force that
was attracting them in that direction.
The third time he allowed them to Beetle
for an instant on the group of faces a.i-i
figures and then stray off to other parts
of the ship. Some strange power drew
them again to the forward deck, and tbir>
time he was startled into an intent start.
Could he believe those eyes? Surely -li'it
was her figure at the rail— there bet we. -i
the two young women who were waving
their handkerchiefs so frantically. Hw
heart began to jump up and down, wildly,
doubtingly. impatiently. Why could no 1
that face be turned toward the wharf bs
the others were? There was the Ml**
coat but not the blue cap. A jaunty sailor
hat sat where the never-to-be-forgotten
cap had perched. The change was Blight.
but it was sufficient to throw him Into
the most feverish state of uncertainty.
An insane desire to shout a command to
this strange young woman came over
him.
The ship was slowly opening a gap be
tween herself and the wharf, and he
knew that in a few moments recognition
would be impossible. Just as he was los
ing hope and was ready to. groan with de
spair the 'ace beneath the sailor hat was
turned squarely in his direction. A glaze
obscured his eyes, a numbness attacked
his brain. It was Miss Guggenslocker!
Why was her name omitted from the
passenger list? That question was xhe
first to whirl through his addled brain.
He forgot the questionings, forgot every
thing a moment later, for to his amaze
ment and delight and discomfiture he
saw that she was peering intently at him.
A pair of big glasses was leveled at him
for a second and then lowered. He plain
ly saw the smile on her face, and the
fluttering cambric in her hand. She had
seen him. after all — had caught him in
a silly exhibition of weakness. Her la«t
impression of him, then, was to be one
of which he could not feel proud. While
his heart burned with shame, it could not
have been suspected from the appearance
of his face. His eyes were dancing, his
mouth was wide open with joy, his lips
were quivering with a suppressed, shout,
his cheeks were flushed and his whole
aspect bespoke ecstacy. He waved l> : s
hat and then his handkerchief, obtaining
from her vigorous and unrestrained signs
of approbation. Her face was wreathed
in smiles as she leaned far over the rail,
the picture of animated pleasure.
Making sure that her uncle and aunt
were not visible, he boldly placed his fin
gers to his lips and wafted a kiss out
over the water!
"Now she'll crush me," he cried to him
self, regretting the rash act and pray
ing that she had not observed it.
Her handkerchief ceaeed fluttering in an
instant, and, with sinking heart, he real
ized that she had observed. There was a
moment of indecision on the part of the
fair one going out to sea. and then the
little finger tips of both hands went to
her lips and his kiss came back to him!
The people near him were surprised to
hear a wild yell from his lips and then to
see him wave his hat so madly that there
was some danger of its being knocked
to Dieces against the railing or upon the
persons of those who stood too close to
escape the whirling consequences. So un
expected had been her reception of what
he considered a calamitous indiscretion
that he was to be pardoned for the ebul
lition of relief and joy that followed. Had
she drawn a revolver and fired angrily
at him he could not have been more as
tounded. But. to actually throw a kiss
to him— to meet his imprudence in the
same spirit that had inspired it! Too
much to believe! In the midst of his
elation, however, there came a reminder
that she did not expect to see him agin,
that she was playing with him. that it
was a merry jest and not a heartache that
filled her bosom at the parting.
While he was still waving his handker
chief, debating savagely and joyously the
wisdom of the act, she became a part of
the distant color scheme; the blue figure
faded and blended into the general tone
and could no longer be distinguished. She
was gone, but she had tossed him a kiss
from lips that he should always see. As
he turned away from the water he found
himself wondering if there had been
tears in her eyes, but the probability was
so remote that he laughed foolishly and
aloud. A couple of girls heard the laugh
and giggled in sympathy, but he turned a
scowling face upon them and disappeared
in the throng.
Uppermost in his bewildered mind was
the question: Why Is she not in the pas
senger list? Acting on a sudden impulse,
he again sought out the clerk in charge
and made a most thorough inspection.
TWie was no O-uggens!ocker among the
name?. As a last resort he asked:
"They could not have sailed under an
assumed name, could they?"
"I can't say as to that. Where are they
going?"
"Graustark."
But the young man shook his head
slowly. Lorry's shaking in unconscious
accord.
"Are you sure that you saw the young
lady on board?"
"Well, rather!" exclaimed Lorry, em
phatically.
"I was going to say there are a lot of
Italian and German lingers on the ship,
and you might have been mistaken. But
since you are so positive, it seems very
strange that your friends are not on the
list."
So Lorry went away discouraged and
with a vague fear that she might have
been a prima donna whose real name
was (Juggenslccker. but whooe stage
name was something more euphonious.
He instantly put away the thought and
the fear. She was certainly not an op
era singer.— impossible! He diove back
to his hotel, and made preparations for
his return to Washington. Glancing cas
ually over the register he came to the
name that had been haunting him—Gug
genslocker! There were the names, "Cas
par Guggenslocker and four. Graustark."
Without hesitation he began to question
the clerk.
"They sailed en the Kaiser Wilhelm to
day, " said that worthy. "That's all I
know about them. They came yesterday
and left to-day."
Mr. Grenfall Lorry returned to Wash
ington as in a dream — a fairy dream. The
air of mystery that had grown from the
first was now an impenetrable wall, the
top of which his curiosity could not scale.
Even his fancy, his imagination, served
him not. There was but one point on
which he was satisfied: he was in love.
His own condition was no mystery.
Several weeks later he went to New
York to question the captain of the Wil
helm, hoping vo clear away the clouds
satisfactorily. To his amazement the cap
tain said there had been no Guggenslock
ers on board nor had there been persons
answering the description, so far as he
could tell.
Through tha long hot summer he
worked and worried and wondered. In
the first, he did little that was satisfac
tory to himself or to his uncle; in the
second, he did so much that he was ad
vised by his physician to take a rest; in
the last, he indulged hiin'self so exten
sively that it had become unbearable. He
must know all about her! But how?
The early months of autumn found him
pale and tired and indifferent alike to
work and play. He found no pleasure in
society that had known him as a lion.
Women bored him; men annoyed him; the
play suffocated him; the tiresome club
was ruining his temper; the whole world
was going wrong. The doctor told him
he was approaching nervous prostration;
his mother's anxious eyes could no longer
he denied, so he realized grimly that
there was but one course left open to
him. He suggested it to the doctor, to
his mother and to his uncle, and they
agreed with him. It involved Europe.
Having fully decided again to cross the
sea his spirits revived. He became more
cheerful, took an Interest In things that
were going on and by the time the Kaiser
Wilhelm sailed in September was the pic
ture of health and life.
He was off for Edelweiss— to the strange
Miss Guggenslocker who had thrown him
a kiss from the deck that sailing day.
VI-GRAUSTARK.
Two weeks later Grenfall Lorry was
landed and enjoying the sensations, the
delights of that wonderful world called
by the name of Paris. The second day
after his arrival he met a Harvard man
of his time on the street. Harry Anguish
THE SUNDAY CALL.
had been a pseudo art student for two
years. When at college he was a hail
fellow-well-met, a leader in athletics and
in matters upon which faculties frown.
He and Lorry were warm friends, al
though utterly unlike in temperament.
To know either of these men was to like
him; between the two one found all that
was admirable and interesting in man. .
The faults and virtues of each were along
such different lines that they balanced
perfectly when lumped upon the scale of
personal estimation. Their unexpected
meeting in Paris was an exhilarating
pleasure to both, and for the next week
or so they were inseparable. Together
they sipped absinthe- at the cafes and
strolled into the theaters, the opera, the
dance halls and the homes of some of
Anguish's friends, French and American.
Lorry did not speak to his friend of
Graustark until nearly two weeks after
his arrival in the city. He had discussed
with himself the advisability of revealing
his plans to Anguish, fearing the latter's
ridicule with all the cowardice of a man
who knows that scoffing is, in a large
measure, justifiable. Growing impatient
to begin the search for the unheard of
country, its capital and at least one of its
inhabitants, he was at last compelled to
inform Anguish, to a certain extent, of his
plans for the fueurc. He began by telling
him of his intention to take a run over
toward Vienna, Buda Pesth and some of
the Eastern cities, expecting to be gone a
couple of months. To his surprise and
conbternation, Anguish enthusiastically
volunteered to take the trip with him,
having had the same project in view lor
nearly a yeafr.
There was nothing left for Lorry but to
make a clean breast of it. which he did
shamefacedly, expecting the laughter and
raillery of his light hearted friend as pay
ment tor his cOnnuence. instead, however,
Anguish, who possessed a lively and"
romantic nature, was charmed by the
story and proclaimed it to be. the most
delightful adventure that had ever hap
pened outside of a story book.
"Tell me all about her," he urged, his
eyes sparkling with boyish enthusiasm.
And Lorry proceeded to give him a per
sonal description of the mysterious
beauty, Introducing him in the same man
ner to the distinguished uncle and aunt,
adding all those details which had con
founded and upset him during his own
investigations.
"This is rich!" exclaimed Anguish.
"Beats any novel written, I declare. Be
gad, old man, I don't blame you for hunt
ing down this wonderful bit of femininity.
With a curiosity and an admiration that
had been sharpened so keenly as yours,
I'd go to the end§>f the world myself to
have them satisfied."
"I may be able to satisfy but one—curi
osity. And maybe not that. But who
knows of Graustark?"
"Don't give up before you've tried. If
these people live in such a place, why, it
is to be found, of course. Any railroad
guide book can locate this land ol
mystery. There are so many infernal little
kingdoms and principalities over here that
it would take a lifetime to get 'em all
straightened out in one's head. To-mor
row morning we will go to one of the big
railway stations and make inquiries. We'll
locate Graustark and then well go over
and pluck the flower that grows there.
All you need, my boy, is a manager. I'll
do the arranging and your little act will
be the plucking."
"Easier said than done."
"She threw a kiss to you, didn't ahe?"
"Certainly, but, confound it, that was
because she never expected to see me
again."
"Same reason why you threw a kiss to
her, I suppose?"
"I 'know why; I wasn't accountable."
"Well, if she did it any more wittingly
than you did, she is accountable, and I'd
hunt her up and demand an explanation."
Lorry laughed at his apparent fervor,
but Was glad that he had connded in his
THE PEOPLE NEAR HTM WERE
SURPRISED TO HEAR A WILD
YELL FROM HIS LIPS.
energetic countryman. Two heads we^e
better than one, and he was forced to
admit to himself that he rather liked the
idea of company, in the undertaking. Not
that he expected to , encounter any par
ticular difficulty, but that he" saw a
strange ' loneliness , a+iead. Therefore he
welcomed .his friend's avowed intention to
accompany him to Edelweiss" as a relief
instead of an. annoyance. Until, late in
the night they discussed; the coming trip.
Anguish finally startling him with a ques
tion, just as. he was stretchings himself
preparatory to the walk to his Hotel: >-'
"What are you going 1 ' to do with her
after you find her, Gren; old man?" .
Grerifall's brow puckered and he brought
himself up with a jerk, puzzled uncer
tainty* expressing itself in his posture as
well as in his face. - . '.
"I'll think about; that after I have
found her," he replied.
"Think you'll marry her?" persisted the
other.
"How do I know?" exclaimed the wo
man hunter, savagely.
"Oh, of course you don't know—
could you?" apologized Anguish. "Maybe'
she won't have you— maybe she is mar
ried— sorts of contingencies, you know.
But, if you'll pardon my inquisitivenesa,
1 «- like to ask why. you are making this
wild goose chase half around the world?
Just to have another look at her?"
"You asked me if I thought — -" Here
he stopped.
"I take It for granted, then, that you'd
like to. Well. I'm glad that I've got
something definite on which to base oper
ations. The one object of our endeavors,
from now on, is to exchange Guggens
locker for Lorry— certainly no robbery. A
charity, I should say. Good night.'" See
you in the morning."
The next morning the two friends took
a cab to several railway stations and in
quired about Graustark and Edelweiss.
"She was stringing you, old man," said
Anguish, after they had turned away
from the . third station. He spoke com
miseratingly, as he really felt sorry.
"No!" exclaimed Lorry. ' "She told me
the truth. There is a Graustark and she
lives there. I'll stake- my life on those
eyed of hers." !
"Are you sure she said it was in Eu
rope?" asked Harry, looking up and down
the street as fi he would not have be«n
surprised to see her in Peris, j In his heart
he believed that she and her precious rela
tives had deceived old Gren. Perhaps
their home was in Paris, and nowhere
else. But for Lorry's positiveness he
would have laughed heartily at the other's
simple credulity or branded him a dolt,
the victim of some merry actress' whim!
Still, he was forced to admit, he was not
in a position to see matters as they ap
peared and was charitable enough to
bide his time and to humor the faith that
was leading them from place to place in
the effort to find a land that they knew
nothing; about. Lorry seemed so sure, so
positive, that he was loath to see his
dream dispelled, his ideal shattered. There
was certainly no Graustark; neither had
the Guggenslockers sailed on the Wil
helm, all apparent evidence to the con
trary notwithstanding. Lorry had been
in a delirium _ and had imagined he saw
her on the ship. If there, why was not
her name In the list? But that problem
tortured the sanguine searcher himself.
At last, in . despair, after a fruitless
search of two days, Lorry was willing to
submit. With the perverseness common
to half-defeated fighters, Anguish at once
protested, forgetting that he had sought
to dissuade his friend the day before.
"We'll go to the library of Paris and
take a look through the books and maps,"
he said. "Or. better still, let us go to
the postofflce. There! Why have we not
thought of that? What there is of Grau
stark they'll know in the postal service."
Together they ' visited the chief post
office, where, after being directed to vari
ous deputies and clerks, they .' at length
found the department in which the infor
mation -was , obtainable. Inside of five
minutes they were in possession of facts
that vindicated Miss Guggenslocker, lifted
Lorry to the seventh heaven, and put Mr.
Anguish into an agony of impatience.
Graustark was a small principality away
off to the east and Edelweiss was a city
of i some seventy-five thousand \ • inhabit
ants, according to the postal guidebook.
The Americans could learn no more
there, so they went, to Baedecker's office.
Here they found a great map, and, after a
diligent and almost ' microscopic search,
succeeded in : discovering ; the ; principality
of Graustark. Then they looked at each
other in dismay. .'..-:> , ¦
*} "It's a devil of a distance to. that little
red blot on the map,' mused Lorry, pull-
"(S©ipt-iB!I<3IST'i^ -IEBIBEEES SIME &08.
ing his nose reflectively. "What an out
landish place for a girl like her to live
In." he continued. "And that sweet-faced
old lady and noble Uncle Caspar! i c
-gods! one would think barbarians existed
there and not such people as the Gug
genslockers, refined, cultivated, smart,
rich. I'm more interested than ever in the
place."
"So am I! I'm willing and ready to
make the trip, old man, if you are still
of a mind. It's a lark. and. besides she
may not be the only pretty and gracious
girl there. We've had hard work to hnd
it on the map. let's not stop till we see
Edelweiss on the earth its If."
They made hasty preparations for the
journey. Anguish, romantic ami ruil uJ
adventure, advised the purchase of a pair
of pistols and a knife apiece, maintaining
that, as they were gates into an unknown
and mountainous region, they- should be
prepared for brigands and other elements
of danger. Lorry pooh-poohed the sug
gestion of brigands, but indulged his
moo.l by buying some ugly-looking re
volvers and inviting the prospect of
something really thrilling in the v.ay of
adventure. With their trans they were
soon whirling through France, bound for
a certain great city, on the road to Edel
weiss, one filled with excitement, eager
ness and boyish zeal, the other haras?**]
by the somber fear that a grave disap
pointment was in store tor him. Through
the glamour and the picturesqueness cf
the adventure there always crept the un
conquerable "feeling that he was on a
fool's errand, that He was committing a
deed so weak and brainless that 11 was
sure to make him a veritable laushins
stock when it became known. After all.
who was Miss Guggenslocker— brewer,
baker, gardener or sar.oage-maker?
Traveling, . of course, wa.? pleasant at
this time of the year, and the two Amer
icans saw much that interested them
along the way.
Their French, especially Anguish's, was
of great value to the», for they found
occasion to use it at all times and in all
places. Both spoke German fairly well
and took every opportunity to_prush up
in that language. Lorry remembering that
the Guggenslpckers used many expres
sions, that showed a preference for the
Teutonic. The blithe Anguish, confident
and in high feather, was heart and soul
in the odd expedition of love, and talked
incessantly of their reception by the far
away hostess, their impressions and the
final result. His camera and sketching
materials were packed away with his
traps.: It was his avowed, intention to im
mortalize the trip by means of plate, pal
ette and brush. • .%'-':
At the end of two days they reached a
certain large city, the first change, and
then 700 miles to another. The distance
from this point to the capital of Graus
tark was 200 miles or more, chiefly
through mountainous lands. Somewhat
elated by the cheerful information there
received, they resumed the journey to Ed
elweiss, the city of vale, slope and park
—summer, fall and winter. Changing cars
at the end of the second day out. they sat
back in the dusty seats of their carriage
and sighed with relief.
"Unless we jump the track, this train
will land us in the city we are looking
for." said Anguish, stretching out his legs
comfortably. "I'll admit It has been a
tiresome journey, and I'll be glad when
we can step into a decent hotel, have a
rub and ; feel like white men once more.
"Tl am , beginning; to feel like these dirty
Slavs and, Huns we saw way back there."
*i "There's one thing certain," said Lorry,
looking out -of the window. "The people
and the habitations are different and the .
whole world seems changed since we left
that station. Look at those fellows on
' horseback over there."
. "What did I tell you about brigands and
robbers!" "exclaimed Anguish. "If those
fellows are not bandits I'll lose faith in
every novel I ever read."
The train rolled slowly past three
mounted^ men whose steeds stood like
statues upon a little knoll to the right of
the track, men and beasts engaged in si
lent contemplation of the cars. The men,
picturesquely attired and looking fierce. •
" carrying long rifles, certainly bore an as
pect that suggested the brigand. When
the guard entered the carriage Anguish
asked in German for some information
concerning the riders.
"Dey're frontier police guards." re
sponded the man in English, smiling at
their astonishment. Both Americans
arose and shook hands with him.
"By George, it's good to hear a man
talk white mans language," cried An
guish.
"How do you come to be holding a job
on this road? An Englishman?" demand
ed Lorry. He looked anything but Eng
lish.
"I'm not an Englishman." ¦ said the
guard, flushing 3lightly. "My name's
Sitzky, and I'm an American, sir."
"An American!" exclaimed Lorry. Sitz
ky grew loquacious. .; [¦';['. \
"Sure! I used to be a sailor on a United
States man-o'-war. A couple of years ago
I got into trouble down at Constantinople
and had to get out of de service. After
dat I drifted up dis way and went to rail
rcadin'." He hadn't exactly the manner
of a man-o'-warsman.
"How long have you been on this road?"
asked Grenfall. . . _
"'Bout a year, I should t'ink. Been on
. dis branch only two months, dough."
"Are you pretty well acquainted in Ed
elweiss?" . n^v.K
"Oh, I run in dere every other day— ln
an' out agin. It's a fine purtiest
you ever saw in your life. The town runs
right up the mountain to tha tip-top
where the monks — clear .up in d*
clouds. Dey say it snows up dere almost
all d' time." '
. Later on, from \ the loquacious guard,
the two Americana learned quite a good
bit about the country and city to which
they were going. His knowledge was
somewhat limited along certain lines, but
quite clear as to others.
"Dis Graustark, 's fer as I know, is
eder a sort o' state or somet'ingj belong
in' to de umpire, governed by Its own rul
ers. Edelweiss is d' capital; d' big guns
of d' land lives dere. j I've walked out and
saw d' castle where d' Princess an* d'
royalty hangs out. D' people speak a
language of deir own, and I can't get next
to a ting dey say. But once in a white
you find some guy dat talks French or
German. Dey've got a little standin'
army of two or free t'ousand men an"
dey've got de hottest uniforms you ever
did see— red an' black an' gold. I don't
see why d' United States can't get up
somethin' foxy fer her soldiers to wear
Had ?"»war over here not long ago I un "
derstand— somethin' like ten or fifteen
years ago. Dere's another little country
up north of Graustark, and dey got In a
wrangle 'bout somethin'. and dey tell me
in Edelweiss dat for .'bout a year dcv
fought like Sam Patch." y
•Which was victorious?" demanded
Lorry, deeply interested.
"I'm not sure. To hear d' Edelweis
people talk you'd t'ink dey licked d' day
lights out of d' other slobs, but somehow
I got next to d' fact dat dem other fel
lows captured de city an* went after a
slashin' big war indemnity. I don't know
much 'bout it, an' maybe I'm clear off
but I fink d' Graustark army was
trashed. Every f ing is prosperous now
dough, an' you'd never know dered been
a war. It's de most peaceable town I
ever saw."
"Did you ever hear of the Guggen
slockers?" asked the irrepressible An
guish, and Lorry felt like kicking him.
"In Edelweiss? Never did. Friends o*
yours?"
'•Acquaintances." interposed Lorry,
hastily, frowning at Anguish.
"You won't have any trouble flndin"
'em it dere anybody at all." said Sitzky,
easily. D' hotel people ought to be able
to tell you all 'bout 'cm." .
"By the way, what is the best hotel
there?" asked Anguish.
"Dere's d' Burnowentz, one block north
of d' depot. ' The travelers locked at
one another and smiled. Sitzky^observing
the action. "Oh," he said, pleasantly,
"dere's a swell joint uptown called d'
Kegengetz. It's too steep fer me, but
maybe you gents can stand it. If you
hang around <i' depot fer a little while
after we get in I'll steer you up dere."
"Well make it worth your while,
Sitzky," said Lcrry.
" "Never mind dat, now. Americans
ought to stick together, no matter where
dey are. We'll have a drink an' 'at' 3
all. just to show we're fellow country
men."
"We'll have several drinks, and well
ea and drink to-night at the; 'swell joint'
you talk about," said Anguish.
•We may drink dere, but I'll not eat
dere. Dey wouldn't let a railroad guard
inside de feedto' pen. Why. nothin' but
royal guys eat tlere when dey're down
town ppin' or exposin' demselves to
public gaze."
True to his word when they reached
Edelweiss late that afternoon Sitzky.
their fri%nd of uncertain origin, hurriedly
finished up his work and joined the
travelers iii the station. Lorry and An
guish were deeply interested in all they
-a-.v, the strange people, the queer build
ings, the odd costumes and the ate -of
antiquity that prevailed. Once upon the
narrow. "clean street they saw that Edel
weiss was truly a city »i the mountain
side They had expected something
wonderful, but were not prepared for
what they found. The city actually ran
up into the clouds. There was something
so grand, so improbable, so unusual in
the spectacle confronting them that they
stared like children, aghast and stupefied.
Each had the startling impression that
a great human-dotted mountain was fall
ing over noon his head; it was impossible
to subdue "the sensation of dizziness that
the toppling town inspired. c if , tv
•I know how you feel," observed Sitzk> .
laughing. "I was just d' same at first.
To-morrow you walk a little ways up d
side of d* mountain an* you'll see how
much of d' city dere is on level ground
down here. Dem buildings up dere am t
more'n one-fiftieth part of d' town. Dey re _
mostly summer homes. It gets not^rs
blazes down here in d' valley in d middle
of d' summer and d' rich ones *fit>ve up
d' mountain."
"How in thunder do people get up to
and down from those houses r* demanded
Anguish. "*- * ,_"
"Mules," answered Sitzky. specifically.
"Say! See dat little old feller comin* on
horseback— wid d' white uniform? Well,
dats de Chief of Police, an' d" fellers
behind him are police guards. 'At'a old
Dangloss himself. He's a peach, dey say."
A short, grizzly faced man, attired in a
white uniform with red trimmings, fol
lowed by three men similarly garbed, rode
by, going in the direction of the passenger
station. Dangloss. as Sitzky- had called
him. was quite small in stature, rather
stout, gray bearded and eagle nosed. His
face was keen and red, and not at all the
kind to invite familiarity. As he passed
them the railroad guard of America^^
citizenship touched his cap, the twu
travelers doing likewise, whereupon the
Chief of Police gave them a most pro
found salutation, fairly sweeping his
saddleskirts with his white cap.
"Polite old codger," observed Anguish.
"His company manners. Just let him
get you in d' sweat box, if you fink he's
polite." been there?" f '
"Ever been there?"
"Well." a little confusedly, "I pasted a
Graustark baggage master down in d*
yards two weeks ago, an' dey had me up.
I proved d' feller insulted a lady, an'
old Dangloss let me off, sayin' I'd ought
to have a medal. Dese guys are great
lon gallantry when ladies is concerned.
If it hadn't been fer dat. I'd be
in d' lock-up now. An' say, you ought to
see d' lock-up! It's a tower, wid dungeons
an' all dat sort of f ing. A man couldn't
no more get out 'n' he could fly up to d'
monastery. Dey're great on law an' order
here, too. D' Princess has Issued strictest
kind of rules an' everybody has to live up
to 'em as If dey was real gospel. I
fought I'd put you next, gents, so's you
wouldn't be doin' anyfing crooked here."
"Thanks," said Lorry, dryly. "We shall
try to conduct ourselves discreetly In th«
city."
Probably a quarter mile farther down
the narrow, level street they came to tha
bazaars, the gaudy stores, and then the
hotel. It was truly a hostelry to inspire
respect and admiration in the mind of
such as Sitzky. for it was huge and well
equipped with the modern appointments.
As soon as the two Americans had been
given their rooms they sent for their
luggage. Then they went out to the broad
piazza, with its columns and marble
balustrades, and looked for Sitzky, re
membering their invitation to drink. The
guard had refused to enter the hotel with
them, urging them to allow him to. re
main on the piazza. He was not there
when thsy returned, but they soon saw
him. On the sidewalk he was arguing 1
with a white uniformed police guard, and
they realized that he had been ejected
from sacred precincts.
They promptly rescued him from the
officer, who bowed and strode away as
soon as they interceded.
; "Dese fellers is slick enough to see you.
are swells and I'm not," said Sitzky. not
a bit annoyed by his encounter. "I'll bet
my head 'at inside ten minutes old Dan
gloss will know who you are, where you
come from, an' what you're doin* here."
"I'll bet fifty heads he won't find out
t what we're doing here," grinned Anguish,
looking at Lorry. "Well, let's hunt up the
thirst derjartment." .
They found the little apartment in
which drinks were served at tables, and
before they said good-by to Sitzky in
front of the hotel, a half hour later, that
worthy was in exceeding good humor and
very much flushed in the face. He said
he would be back in two days, and if
they needed him for any purpose what
ever, they could reach him by a note at
the railway station.
"Funny how you run across- an Ameri
can in every nook and corner of the
world," mused Lorry, as they watched
the stocky ex-man-o'-warsman stroll off
toward his hotel.
"It we can run across the Guggenslock
ers as easily we'll be n luck. When shall
we begin the hunt? To-night?"
"We can make a few inquiries concern
ing them. They certainly are people of
importance here."
i "I don't see the name on any of the
brewery signs around town," observed
Anguish, consolingly. "There's evidently
no Guggenslocker here."
They strolled through the streets near
the hotel until after 6 o'clock, wondering
at the quaint architecture, the pretty
gardens and the pastoral atmosphere that
enveloped the city. Everybody was busy,
contented, quiet and happy. There was
no bustle or strife, no rush, no beggar 3.
At 6 they saw hundreds of workir
on the streets going to their homes:
shops were closed and there came tc^*
their ears the distant boom of cannon
evidently fired from different points of
. the compass, and from the highland as
well as the lowland. ,
(Continued next week.)WHAT IT COSTS TO BRING
OUT A SOCIETY BUD
Have you thought of what .
it costs to bring out a society
budf
H?re are authentic fig-urea
on the subject.
They are high enough to
make any one's eyes open — yet
they are correct and duly
vouched for.
Bead for yourself.
THE COM OF A
SOCIETY BUD.
MUSIC $1,000
DRIVING 500
CLOTHES 3,000
ENTERTAINING 1,500
TftlP TO EUROPE 1,500
TOTAL $7,500
IS it a paying investment to bring up
one's daughter for society?
I asked Mrs. John I. Sabin. She is
the mother of three popular society
girls and she certainly ought to
know. . *
"A paying investment," repeated Mrs.
Sabinf "I hardly understand what you
mean."
•Why." raid I, "for instance, when you
have expended so many hundreds or
thousands as may be upon all kinds of
tutors, dancing and riding masters, mu
sic teachers, carriages an.i gowns, will
you feel that you have been amply re
paid for the money, trouble and time ex
} ended?"
For answer she laughed and she laugh
ed mirthfully. There was none of that
feel-obliged-to giggle. She was frankly
amused.
And then she sat down in her delight
ful drawing-room and laughed some
more. "Why, what a queer idea," she
exclaimed. "French and German tutors
and all the rest of a girl's education being
considered as a means of entering society.
Why. it Is all perfect nonsense. These
things are not taken up with that idea
at all."
"But." I argued, "a society girl has to
be taught certain things to be a society
girl or rather to be a successful one."
"Certainly," said Mrs. Sabin.
And I felt that I had gained one point.
"Do you agree that there is a special
course of training for a debutante— that
the training is as hard and as fast as
that for trained nurses or for teachers?"
•'Yes and no." she answered. "I believe
heartily in private schools. That Is. if
one can afford It. They meet girls there
who are frequently life-long friends. Mind
you, I am not Eaying ..that the public
schools are not good and that charming
girls do not attend them, but I am merely
answering your question.
"All of my girls have attended a board
ing school. Even that has changed to a
certain extent. They used to be taught
how to enter and how to leave a room
gracefully, but their outside sport and
gymnastic training have made all that un
necessary. It is impossible for any girl
these days to be positively awkward."
I thought that over and I accepted it
with a grain of salt. But perhaps she
was right. Probably those in my mind
were not society girls.
"A girl who has had a good, broad edu
cation, a fair musical training and has a
level head will rarely make a mistake,"
she went on. "There is a something that
does not have to be taught, a something
that cannot be bought. It is acquired un
consciously. A girl who is simple and un
affected is what pleases me most, and I
b< lieve she Is the favorite everywhere.
"It is invaluable to know how to an
swer what some one meant but didn't sa_y,
and to know how to dress well and in
taste. And tact. Did any one ever get
along without tact?"
1 ruefully acknowledged that they didn't
ascend very far into the heavens, and I
lamented that there was another thing
that could not be purchased. I wonder
how many barrels would be sold a min
ute?
"What do girls need most, In your opin
ion?" I asked.
"Bringing: out," was the prompt re
joinder. "The American girls are clever
at imitating and they never let anything
escape them. If they are unable to bo
original, they can copy welL
"Most of our girls have decided ideas
of their own. Listen to a number of girls
talking and see how they will argue and
argue. They need to know how to re
frain from saying. 'Oh, I don't think
so!' when they really do think it em
phatically. To listen well is a great ac
complishment, and one that few women
have fully mastered."
"How much does it cost to successfully
launch a girl?" I queried.
"I haven't the faintest idea what It
•xould be. Cut to please you, I'll think."
While she did rapid mathematics. I
leaned Lack in a comfortable gilt -chair
and mused quietly to myself. The draw
ing-rooms wer<? of the most harmonious
green, the reception room Just off was
slightly on the Turkish, and altogether it
made such a rcstt'-jl picture. Would it
be possible for a girl to care r.aupht
for her surroundings? Certainly nor home
must influence her more than
"I have maae a ro->rrh estimate," said
Mrs. Sabin, and I < ame back from my
hazy dreams. "This is what I think would
be necessary, but 1 do not know how it
would compare with anybody else's flg
uree.
"It goes without saying: that all girls
take music of , some kind. When they
are email it is instrumental, and that
.costs not less than two and a half a les
son. When they are larger, vocal is add
ed. With two lessons a week, that alone
amounts to about twenty-five dollars. I
should say that a thousand dollars would
not be too great an estimate for music.
"All girls those days drive or ride. My
girls do not ride to any extent, because
I a..« monauy arraia or re. . But tney
have their trap both here and in our
country home. The cost of learning to
handle the ribbons is not to be consid
ered. Usually some one in the family
knows enough about it to teach them all
that is necessary. It is more practice
than anything else. But the ponies and
all that is connected With them cost in
the neighborhood of five hundred dollars.
"And clothes," she added. : -..'\
"And clothes," I echoed. Lives there
a girl -with soul so '. dead that clothes do
not interest her, particularly the cost?
"Clothes, one would ; think, ar^lnot an
important item un>ll one's daughter
makes her debut. li\i£ qtmiVn* , —m <m
THE SUNDAY CALL.
portant^. 'mere is never a time wnen trier
aro not of the utmost consequence. From
the time a baby is old enough to notice
her gown and to look in the glass they are
of intense importance.
"The girl who grows up without the
least regard for her clothes seldom can
be taught to think of them seriously. She
must be educated to dress herself well
just as she is trained to use careful Eng
lish. Fortunately mothers have little dif
ficulty in that line. But when such a
thing does occur It is little Bhort of a
calamity.
"Of course, she eventually falls in love
with some man, and thai is the greatest
cure that 1 know of; but it may be too
late, not one gin out or ten tninKs nait
as much about her clothes and her appear
ance as when she is striving to look well
in somebody else's eyes.
"But understand me, I do not think
that any girl should be made to think of
her apparel and pay no attention to other
things. The simplest frocks are the pret
tiest, but by no means the least expen
sive.
"How much ought they to cost, you
ask? Well, let us see. The opera season
is coming on and that means clothes. An
evening gown costs anywhere from six
ty-five to a hundred. The plainest fab
rics must be silk-lined and the findings
count up In a hurry. An opera cloak
costs about $105 or $110; not any less. And
then there are silk stockings, slippers
and petticoats to go with each gown,
to say nothing of fans and the numerous
little acquisitions that go with such an
outfit.
"Each toilet calls for a certain lay-out.
If it is not complete, the entire effect is
lost, and no mother wants her daughter,
to appear In public and not have all in
keeping. I know I wouldn't.
"Naturally her clothes are the greatest
expense. I would not want to try to
dress my girls on a cent less than $3000
a year. Even then I think the marsrin
rould be rather low. Mind you, that
includes all of her clothing. There ara
afternoon frocks, tea gowns, tailor suits,
ninner dresses, to say nothing about ball
gowns. But after all, the cost depends
mainly upon the girl."
About that time I commenced to flgura
on the side. I was afraid if I waited too
lons the numbers would get entirely too
big for me to ever hope to catch up.
Roughly it came to $4500. And there are
a host of other indispensables.
"And do you think she must be taught
how to entertain?" I asked, "or does It
.'list come naturally."
She looked thoughtful a minute.
"That again depends upon the girl. You
know yourself that some people seem to
know exactly how and when to do things
and that others are always making blun
ders of some sort. It is a good policy
to have your daughter present in the
drawing-room at afternoon tea. She be
comes used to It and nothing raffles her.
"Again, she must have her little lunch
eons and her dinners.- Quite informal, you
know, until she has made her debut, but
the details must be perfect nevertheless.
Then there are small githerings, inex
pensive in themselves, but at the end of
a year they all count up. A simple five
course dinner is bound to cost about
twenty dollars, and during the winter
there are somewhere in the neighborhood
of twelve or fifteen. And then the 'coming
out' tea. With no decorations to speak of
and with no attempt at display, the ca
terer's bHI will be between four hundred
and fifty and five hundred dollars.
"I do not think that fifteen hundred
would be any too much. There might ba
a little margin, but I havo found out that.
bs a rule, the other side needs assistance.
Yea, I think fifteen hundred would b«
about right."
"By the way. Mrs. Sabin. have you ever
heard of a conversation tutor?" I asked.
•A—?" she asked frankly.
"Why, yes," 1 answered glibly; "a con
versation tutor. One who teaches charm
ing manners, who suggests good words
and phrases, strengthens French and pol
ishes off the rough places, as it were."
I had never heard of such a tutor until
recently; for they are an Eastern product
and have not taken root in our 3oil as yet.
"No," she answered, "I have never
heard of them, and I spend six months of
the year In the East. Anyhow, I do not
consider them necessary. If a girl has no
humor I do not think it can be developed
by any amount of training. That is some
thing that is perfectly natural."
"Is there anything els<e that you can
think of that is necessary for a bud' 3 hap
piness and welfare?" I asked, busy with
my unruly figures again.
Six thousand and more to come. Good
heavens and all that money spent on one
girl and In one year.
"Books count up a little. A girl ought
to know what to read and what to re
member. But all that comes when she
has good books to choose from. The
young people of to-day enjoy reading, an-1
it is an instructive and innocent pastime.
"And the other is a trip to Europe. Two
would do no harm. Fifteen hun
dred dollars would about cover all
expenses, I should judge. Mind you,
I do not say that all these are nec
essary, and least of all. this trip. But
there ia no getting around it that travel
broadens and makes people see things
through other glasses. Again it gives
confidence. But really, much of this can
be disDensed with if the debutante has
beauty or personal magnetism. While
beauty is more than skin deep and helps
wonderfully, still if I were given my
choice, I should prefer magnetism. "
Again those figures of mine had been
creeping. They started out tiny, but how
rapidly they did grow. Just even $7500.
"My, it is horribly expensive," I mused
aloud.
"Yes," she answered smilingly, "it is."
"But to go back to the very beginning.
Does it all pay. anyhow," I insisted.
"That." pensively, "depends upon how
you look at it, and perhaps upon how
she marries. After all it is pretty much
of a lottery. But anything pays that gives
pleasure, I think. If after all this ex
pense, she fails to be what you were striv
ing after, more's the pity. But that is
rarely the case. Anyhow are wa ever
sure of anything?"
MADGE MOORE.
Wedding Fee News
THE parsons* fee Is one of the most
agitating questions the prospective
bridegroom has to deal with, and ha
Is oftentimes obliged to consult
some friend who has been through th«
trying ordeal.
He knows, of course, that $2 Is all that
is required by law. but somehow he feels
It Is worth more— a case of sentiment ver
sus pocketbook.
If he could tell the parson his financial
standing, showing how really generous he
was. It would simplify matters consider
ably. This he cannot do, so he gives what
he can. trusting to the parson to under
stand that he would give more if he could
afford it.
While $2 Is what the '.aw allows, som«
p«ople pay a trifle more— l 3, J4 and $6; as
a rule they pay $5. which Is as much as
the average man can afford. Occasionally
$8 or $10 is given, while fees of $25 and
$s*) are very rare.
The total average of marriage fees of
the clergyman sum up about $800 a year—
a neat little sum. by the way.
Next to the bridegroom the clergyman's
wife ia the one most interested tn the fe«,
for it goes into her pocket, and the more
generous it is the better for her. Occa
sionally a lucky one whose husband pre
sides over a church with millionaire at
tendantf^is presented by him with a check
for SIOO.
The largest wedding fe<? on record is th»
one paid to the Pope by the Duke d'Aosta
for the privilege of marrying his niece.
The average minister i« well paid at $10
or $20. Therefore the bridegroom must
not feel that he will be misjudged if he
does not give an extravagant fee; and it
will be accepted If it is rot more than the
traditional bag of bean; 3 given as a fee
to a New England pastor in early Uays.
In Catholic churches the fee goes -
church and is counted as a "special of
fering:."—New l'ork Wor.d.
1718
HOW TO
START A
ZOO
AND KEEP
IT GOING
Y"f T'DGING from the number or large
I cities in our sister States that have
1 zoological gardens it is evident that
ft I if San Francisco wishes to come
*-*' in line she must look into the
natter.
New York is just about completing
what will be the greatest zoological park
In the world, the Bronx "Zoo." There
i» already the foundation here for a good
collection in Golden Gate Park and at
tie Chutes and the necessary funds and
tie rest of the animals could be got by
¦various means and methods.
Perhaps the best way to get a zoo is
to decide whether the municipal funds or
a number of public-spirited men shall
pay for it, and then find out the amount
of money to be expended on the project.
That settled a good thine to do is to
write a letter to Carl Hagenbeck. the ani
mal purveyor of the world, stating what
is wanted. When he gets a letter of that
sort the city or individual writing gen
erally set a zoo.
He studies the climate, the topography
of the proposed park, finds out the sort
of collection wanted, etc. Then he makes
plans and if necessary sends men to any
country to build the houses, arrange the
park and place the animals. No one
knows better than he what a model zoo
loirical park should be.
From his world-famous park. ln Ham
burs:, Germany, he stocks and keeps sup
plied public and private animal collec
tions all the world over. Mr. Hagenbeck
inherited this unique business from his
father, who began his collection with six
seals. Now the son does the largest busi
ness of this kind in the world. Every
cay it grows more difficult to keep up
th« supply of rare wild animals, the de
im.nd for which is increasing. Mr. Ha
genbeck keeps in his Hamburg park a
EurpluE of lions, tigers, bears and other
animals, very much as an ordinary stock
dealer, with the difference that these an
imals represent much adventure and peril
in securing them.
I.i case of the demand for animals be
coming unusually large they can be fur
nished from some of Hagenbecks depots
throughout the world— five in Asia, three
In 'Africa, several in Europe and one in
An-. erica. Men are traveling for him all
the time and everywhere, employing
thousands of natives in many countries
to aunt the forests and jungles for birds
tnc; beasts. These natives know: best
BOW to eaten me animals of theii- >wn
country unharmed. They bait lions.
tigers and panthers in cages and capture
them by means of strategy. Swift horses
and the la?so are the methods used for
captarfag other animals. When captured
only the best and physically sound among
them are accepted.
From the four corners of the earth an
imals arc constantly arriving for Mr. Ha
genbeck and as constantly being sent out
again. He now has on the way from
Russia four big lots of animals, includ
ing thirty camels, moose, ibexes, 25U
cranes from the south of Russia and al
most any other strange animal that can
be called for.
The heads of all Governments are al
ways ready to help this great animal
provider in every way possible and un
told numbers of natives are constantly
imperiling their lives In order that great
zoological collections may be found in
every corner of the world, or at least be
made possible.
The animal most in demand and which
is getting very scarce Is the rhinoceros.
There is now only one specimen in the
United States, and that is in Central
Park. Mr. Hagenbeck has succeeded in
producing two entirely new and unheard
of animals— one a cross between a lion
and a tiger, the other a cross between a
puma and an Italian leopard.
Another way to start a zoo Is to secure
contributions of animals or the money to
purchase them from citizens who have
private menageries or who feel an Inter
est in such exhibits. San Francisco has
many men able and willing to further
such a project, once interest in the sub
ject is fully aroused.
Some representative citizens of San
Francisco give their opinions on the mai
ler as follows:
DR. C. L LANE.
The time has not yet come when San
Francisco should have the "luxury" of a
zoological park. In the first place, the
money must be got together, and 1 do not
think we have reached that point where
we can afford it. Even when once estab
lished, a "zoo" is an exj>ensive thing to
maintain. When 1 was in Paris I noticed
DO WE WANT A FINE ZOOLOGICAL GARDEN? WE ALREADY HAVE THE NUCLEUS
FOR ONE AT GOLDEN GATE PARK. MANY OTHER GREAT CITIES HAVE WELL-ESTAB
LISHED AND ATTRACTIVE "ZOOS." OUR CLIMATE IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD FOR IT.
WE HAVE THE MONEY, THE SPACE AND PROPER LOCAL CONDITIONS. DO WE WANT OWE?
READ WHAT A NUMBER OF OUR PROMINENT CITIZENS WHO GAVE THE MATTER CAREFUL
CONSIDERATION HAVE TO SAY AND THEN DECIDE FOR YOURSELF.
that the zoological garden in connection
with the Jardin dcs Plantes had been al
lowed to run down and deteriorate. When
that begins an institution of this sort loses
in a great measure its value. At Berlin
the animal collection or "Thiergarten" is
attached to the park there, one of the
finest, if not the finest, in the world. So
I think we could have no liner place for
a "zoo" than in the proper section of our
own beautiful park. Above all, it should
be in the bands of a well-posted man,
who is a constant student. The first thin^
to be done is to count up what such a
thing would cost, and 1 think there is
time enough yet for such a thing. For
the present I am a great believer in the
'further beautifying of the present pleas
ure park.
W. W. FOOTE.
One of the best zoos I have seen is the
one at Cincinnati. Ohio. Rich and travel
ed men of that city have taken an interest
in its development. One man purchased
and sent to this "zoo" some elephants
while another sent a giraffe. A fine lake
is a feature of this park. I have been
through the famous Kew Gardens in Lon
don and the Jardin dcs Plantes in Paris
and I think well arranged "zoos" are a
great means of educational Information
for students and others interested. If San
Francisco has one it should be in a cen
tral location and the more ground provid
ed for It the better. Still, some portion of
Golden Gate Park would probably be the
beet place for it. Men seem to be too busy
THE SUNDAY CALL.
here to take up such things, but the busi
ness men are the ones to start a "zoo"
going.
JAMES D. PHELAN,
Mayor of San Francisco.
I am in favor of all things which will
add to. the attractiveness and advance
ment of the city and a good zoological
garden seems to me to be one of these. I
think Golden Gate Park would be the
proper place for it. It should be under the
control of the Park Commissioners, they
to appoint men of proper scientific train
ing for the immediate care of it. I think
all these things will come to us in time.
Just now" there are more important things
to be done than feeding animals, such as
reclaiming the acres of land out toward
the park. The animals already on exhibi
tion at the park could be made the foun
dation of a good zoological collection.
JOHN M'LAREN,
Superintendent of Parks.
A "zoo" should be established in a place
entirely separate and set apart for such
a purpose. And above all let it be big
enough. In this climate there is no need
of shutting most of the animals up in
cages. I would give a tiger at least an
acre to roam in" If I had anything to do
with it, and at least a quarter of an acre
for each large animal. 1 think som«
where out in the Mission direction, where
it is more sheltered, would be the best
place for a zoological garden. A large
aquarium in connection with it would be
a good thing also. I should say one hun
dred acres would not be too much for a
good park. And a good collection of ani
mals, natives of California, should be in
sisted upon. We ought to have some an
telope and mountain sheep now. But the
first thing to do is to get the money to
maintain such a thing, and I am sure the
Park Commissioners could not do much
If anything, toward it with the small ap
propriations they have. And a "200- will
never amount to anything unless the right
man is in charge. A zoological society
should be formed and the whole thing be
under its direction and auspices.
W. M. BUNKER.
San Francisco needs other things in
preference to a zoological park, although
a "zoo" would be a great thing for stu
dents and lovers of natural history if
properly managed. A political '•zoo
would be of no service whatever. Any
thing of that sort not managed on the
very highest lines is worse than useless.
A "zoo" to be successful must be under
the direction of a zoological society com
posed of scientific and business men in
about equal proportions. And the ani
mals themselves must be handled and
studied by experts used to fiandling them
and of scientific training. There is some
thing more in the object of a "zoo" than
simply throwing peanuts to the monkeys.
¦ For instance, the average aviary, peo
pled with all sorts of birds, is of no use
to science, for correct classification and
separation is necessary if a "zoo !: is to
be anything 1 more than a pleasing 1 spec
tacle. Four or five years ago I .was in
terested in the project t? have a '"zoo"
started out at Glen Park, and I am still
in favor of having one.
I have studied all the zoological collec
tions <>( the world with the same interest
that 1 neve studied the question of parks
and boulevards and ' I believe if San
Frpncisco decides to have one a special
park should be made or provided for it.
MRS. MARY M. KINCAID,
President Board of Education.
lam enthusiastically in favor of a "zoo"
for San Francisco. I think the value of
it in an educational way to the people of
the city and State cannot be overesti
mated.
LEVERETT L. LOOMIS,
Curator in Department of Or
nithology, California Acad
emy of Sciences.
San Francisco is not in line with the
other big cities of the world in that it
has not a "zoo." We should have
one and the way to get it is first
to provide the money and then the suit
able environment. neither of which
should be difficult in a city of San Fran
cisco's wealth and natural advantages.
The best zoological exhibits that [ know
of are these in the gardens at London
under the auspices of the London Zoolog
ical Society; the gardens at Berlin, said
to be the finest in the world; the national
exhibit at Washington and the Bronx
"Zoo" at New York. The man in charge
of the last named exhibit is W. t. li,>rn
aday, for years in the National Museum
at Washington.
Three things are necessary pre-eminent
ly in the founding and maintaining of a
scientifically useful zoological park. First,
the animals; secondly, an experienced
man to look after them, and thirdly, the
mow picturesque and natural environ
ment, best suited to the birda and beasts.
A great advantage here is the mild win
ter, allowing the animals to be kept out
of door?. I consider the aviary now In
thj park one of the finest in the world,
but it is not very valuable from a scien
tific standnuin'. for there js no designa
tion nor classification. I have noticed
peopls go aad look at the birds In the
aviary, lake note of their plumage, etc..
and then go to the museum to find their
names among the stuffed ani labeled
ones— which shows that people are inter
ested in natural history. Another advan
tage of a suod zoo" is that animals are
where they become tamed in a degree
and can he studied, whereas in a wild
state they get out of the way of human
beings as fast as possible.
In managing a "zoo" a man of experience
will be posted, knows of mistakes mads
in other famous gardens and avoids them.
The "zoo" is only carrying out the Idea
started when the first public museum was
founded.
Docility of the
Polar Bear.
HITHERTO it has been supposed
that polar bears could neither
be trained nor rendered doci'.",
but now Richard Sawade. a wtll
known European tamer of animals ai*d
notable authority on bears in particular,
shows clearly that such a supposition i.»
entirely erroneous.
-ecured two polar bears some dm
ago and at once determined to train
them. In this he succeeded beyond his
expectation— so well, indeed, that theso
monstrous animals now follow him as
obediently as <i<>KS. ready *t his slightest
nod to perform any of the little tr:cks
which they have learned from him. Their
education in this respect is not yet com
plete, but that they have learned more
than any of their ancestors la evident
t'M>m the fact that at a word from their
r.a.-ter they get up on their hind legs and
in this manner follow him at a respectful
distance like lackeys as he walks around
the room.
Mr. Sawade claims that polar bears are
endowed with more intelligence than i a
generally imagined and that if properly
handled they will in time becom* qioita aa
docile as other animals.HOW TO
GOV
ERN A
CITY
Essential Points
Made by
Mayor Snyder.
BELIEVES THAT A MUNICIPALITY
SHOULD BE RUN WITH THE SAME
CARE AS A PRIVATE BUSINESS ES
TABLISHMENT.
FIRST SECURE GOOD MEN FGR
THE CHIEF POSITIONS IN THE PUB
LIC SERVICE.
CITIZENS SHOULD HAVE MORE
PATRIOTISM FOR THEIR CITIES.
ADViSES SYSIEM OF CIVIL SER-
ViCE TO OBTAIN THE MOST COMPE
TENT EMPLOYES.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP OF GENERAL
UTILITIES IS A GOOD THING.
KEEP THE STREETS CLEAN AND
PROTECT HEALTH.
THE governing of a municipality is in many re
spects like the managing of a large private :,ust- .
ness establishment. The same care is required in
watching the many details of public business that
is demanded of the merchant in the conduct of
his commercial affairs.
The methods used in business circles are constantly
changing. So with the city: conditions are altered from
time to time and revised methods must be adopted to
meet the changed circumstances. Merchants and manu
facturers of to-day operate on lines vastly different from
those followed a half century ago; while the tradesman
of 1850 smiled pityingly on the rude methods of hi.
predecessors of 1800.
To have a good city government we must first secure
gcod men for the chtd position's in the public' service.
In the early days of American cities this was not dii
ficult: but unfortunately it is extremely hard at the
piesenr time to get the Lest of our citizenship to accept
prblic office. Municipal patriotism is sadly lacking.
The American has a grand love of country and is ready
to spring to arms at any moment lor its defense. His
life is at the disposal of his nation. But you will find
a hundred leaders in society and business ready to bear
the burdens of war where one can be found willing to
assume the less spectacular but equally honorable duties
demanded of good citizenship in taking on «.:ms.e!t
the trials of carrying on the affairs of his city.
From the beginning of American history cities have
taken an important part in shaping the course of the
nation, and their part has become more prominent with
each year of national growth. In 1790 there were but
four American cities with a population of more than
10.000. and the population of the largest was on!y 40,000.
The problems of municipal government at the opening
of the nineteenth century were of small magnitude as
compared with the questions requiring solution to-day.
The real source of the nation's present greatness is in
its cities and it is vitally important that municipal prob
lems be zealously studied looking to a perfected system
of city government.
The growth of our large cities has been of such phe
nomenal rapidity that the style of government in many
v then is necessarily crude. Therefore Americans are
inclined to express a dissatisfaction with their cities be
came of an inferiority in many ways to the municipalities
of Europe. But we should remember that only in the
last decade have our busy people had time, so to speak,
10 consider municipal problems with the requisite care.
The advance in those ten year*, however, has been great
enough to arouse our hopes high for the future.
Speaking in generalities the best way to better our
cities is to educate public sentiment as to their needs.
The proper solution of the problems arising in our
municipalities is more important by far to the nation
than the settlement of the difficulties coming from our
attempts to govern Porto Rico. Cuba, the Philippines
and those other outside territories which we have under
taken to rule.
As I have said before, our citizens should have more
patriotism for their cities. They should be willing to
make sacrifices if necessary in order to accept places in
the governmental system of the city. An active and
lisrhteous public opinion will soon arouse the latent love
of home and city and good timber will everywhere be
Little San Franciscan
Composes Musical
Fairy Tales.
DID you ever hear of a perfectly human, thor
oughly wholesome, altogether quite natural little
musical prodigy? No? Well, it is something
cut of the ordinary, to be sure, tor one clever
enough to be dubbed a prodigy at all is generally so
very ...human that '"wholesome" would be an impossible
adject: But we* have a contradiction, one right here
in San Francisco.
She is to be found way out on Union street, where the
fresh salt breeze blows good health to a fair-hai-ed,
bright-eyed little girl, who dances about as lively as if
fhe were not burdened with this weight of a reputation,
r.nid Brandt, or Enid Lillian Brandt as she insists, is a
little woman not yet nine years of age, but one of whom
the musical world has already heard much.
The interviewer followed her up the steps and into
•he parlor, where was found a seat by the. window,
There he and Enid talked dolls, school, athletics, flow
ers and music.
"Give us 'The Butterflies/ Enid," suggested her cousin,
Rtadily complying with this request, she climbed upon
the stool— for she is somewhat tiny for nine years ami
the stool is high— .and announced, "This is descriptive."
available for filling the municipal offices that are sub
jefct to popular ejection. But the general trouble in
governing cities has not been«with the executive an I
legislative officers and lu-ads of departments elected by
the voters. The difficulty has been' in getting capable
men to perform the many small tasks required in oper
ating a modern city, ihe man who does business on
a large scale meets with this same trouble. He can
personally choose his st'b-managers and foremen, but
lie i? always bothered to secure efficient under work
men.
In our early days orr cities needed but few em
ployes. The officials of the cities and towns then knew
pcrsonal'y almost all the inhabitants — knew the char
acter of each and his capacity for certain work. There
were no extensive police and fire departments. Daily
TJ± ft O U;iN DAY CA L, \j.
attertion was not demanded for hundreds of miles of
public streets. There were no great parks to be main
tained. Each citizen provided for the sanitation of his
own home in his own way. and the extensive* health de
partment of the modern city was unknown. It was
comparatively easy fcr the head officials of the olden
timc city to select the few public employes required.
The public business .in the city of loot has increased
to such an extent that the problem of securing efficient
M. P. SNYDER
workers is all important. Itis impossible for the chief
executive of a city or the heads of departments to know
all the applicants for positions and they cannot act
upon personal knowledge in making appointments. As
7 ratural re>u!t ill-fitted men are found in all depart
nents and the public undertakings suffer immeasur
ably thereby.
lhe consequence of incompetence in certain branches
cf the public service is frightful. Appoint a watch
maker inspector of plumbing for a city, and what chance
have the inhabitants of securing reliable plumbing for
their homes? Yet just such ill-judged appointments
arc made with a terribje frequency in what are supposed
to be the best-governed cities of the land.
An efficient system of civil service is the only means
yet found of solving this difficult problem. Such a sys
tem should cover every department of the public ser
vice with irdnclad rules. The public employes shoitld
get their places 'solely by reason of fitness; tney >nou.d
keep their positions and secure advancement only on
account of meritorious performance of their duties.
I have been asked this question: "How would you
like to see American cities governed?" I answer: "By
the best men within the confines of the cities; and with
every branch of the government operated under the
strictest rules of civil service."
But I will be more specific in my effort to outline
plans for the betterment of American city government.
Every city should have an adequate charter, constitu
tion or written organic law. Such a basic law is in ac
cord with the American theory 0/ government, and is
the best safeguard that citizens 'can have against any
excesses of their public servants. The greatest need
of Los Angeles is a new charter adapted to the require
ments of our rapidly-developing city. The present city
charter was adopted in 1888, when Los Angeles had a
population of less than 40,000. That old charter is in
sufficient for the present city of more than 100.000 peo
ple.. We are greatly handicapped by this antiquated
charter. I find that many other cities labor under this
same difficulty.
' Public ownership of general utilities is admitted f>
be a good thing. No large manufacturing concern
would purchase a necessary commodity, such as water,
from outside parties if it could produce the needed ar
ticle cheaper and more satisfactorily for itself. Good
business principles demand that the public, incorporated
in municipalities, should provide, for itself those things
that are necessary for all the individual members of
the corporation at the lowest cost for the best service.
Experience has demonstrated that public ownership is
satisfactory to the people in general.
I thoroughly believe in a city owning its water plant.
Chicago furnishes a good example for those munici
palities not yet equipped with a publicly owned water
supply system.
When. Chicago acquired the properties of the pri
vate water company in 1852 her population was a trifle
over 50,000. From the initial expense of $.140,000 for
the first plant operated, the city's investment in this
branch of the municipal service has reached the sum
of $4,000,000, all of which has been supplied by the
revenues of the department. At this time the annual
revenue of the Chicago water system is 400,000, or
10 per cent on the total investment.
• Happily for Los Angeles she is about to come into
full ownership and control of her water supply system.
our voters having recently authorized the issuance of
$2,000,000 in bonds to secure the desired result. The
large majority of. our citizens are convinced that our
water supply will be more abundant and of a better
quality under municipal control, and that water rates
will be more satisfactory- '
In an expansion of municipal ownership to lighting
plants, street railways, telephone lines, etc . we should
move slowly and conservatively. It is reasonable to
suppose that municipalities will gradually take unto
themselves the ownership and operation of all plants
supplying public necessities. I believe that our cities
will meet with success in assuming these great burdens.
For the practical city official no problem met in the
conduct of a municipality is more perplexing than the
difficulty encountered in keeping the public .streets
clean. The system of hand sweeping seems to be the
most efficient for paved streets. The hand sweeper?
should be kept on the paved streets at all hours of
1 the day in order to keep the business thoroughfares in
the best possible condition. The hand sweeping of a
city's streets, in my opinion, can be performed more
efficiently if under the direct management of the proper
city department than if intrusted to private contractors.
One of the most important and most neglected de
partment* in our system of city government is the
branch of the government providing for the protection
of the health of our citizens. In order to have the
greatest prosperity in a city we must have first-class
sanitary conditions. The Health Board of a city should
be unhampered m its administration of this particular
department and should have the sole t>ow»r of aoooint
ing and removing the employes engaged in this im
portant part of the municipal government.
In many cities the legislative branch of the city Ins
the power to appoint and remove employes in the
Health Department and in other departments as "well.
In mv opinion the powers of the legislative branch of
the city «hn»ild be limited to law miking. All.ta'mer
ing by officials who have secured their places in political
battle* with the various departments not direct'v under
their jurisdiction yVmVi be prevented. Especially does
this anply to the Hc?l*h Department.
j Strict rules of civil service should be applied to
! every department of the .nunicipa^tv. Let os restrict
! the field* for the efforts of the politicians and we may
i secure this ''devoutly wished for" consummation. '. ; ;•»-¦¦' *
Every Tone Suggests to
Her Some Delicate
Shade of Color.
After a prelude she said, "This is a poor little butterfly
among the flowers. He sees a boy with a net coming
after him. but thinks he can get away. " Then follow
a bit of harmony which one's imagination might easily
turn into a butterfly struggling t-i get away. A few
plaintive chords — "the bey caught him " — and so on, the
music telling the story until a dainty, rippling melody
with a brilliant climax denoted the joy of the butter^
who had at last escaped. This is one of Enid's favorite
recreations, composing musical r.iiry talus.
"Do you see the butterflies. Enid?"
"\o, but when I strikt a chord, so. I see beautiful
colors Now. with this there are two most beautiful
shades of violet. This one. I see green and red."
"When quite a little tot." siys Mr,. Brandt, '"she
used to prattle about colors, but we thought it all non
sense, until now she clings so persistently to the sub
ject that we -are obliged to accept it as a psychological •
peculiarity.
Later she played the most ambitious selection ever at
tempted in public by a child, the Concert Stuck, opu^
79. Weber, thirty pages of difficult music, memorized,
and rendered by this little maid.
1920
The Irish
Type of
Beauty
IS JUST THREE YEARS
FROM HER NATIVE LIM
ERICK.
A CHARMING ACTRESS
WITH THE STUART ROB
SON COMPANY.
HER MANAGER SUGGEST
ED THAT SHE LEAVE HER
BROGUE AT THE CUSTOM- I
HOUSE.
MISS KEALTY ESPECIAL
LY HONORED AND ENTER
TAINED BY SIR THOMAS
LIPTON.
/-yOSMOPOLITAN San Francisco' has
I / had a taste of every kind of beauty
\[ m \ known to the stage. . The latest
type upon which it has -passed
judgment is the beaming, the rosV.
the blue-eyed and the dark-haired ,. Irish
type.
Stuart Robson brought a little Limerick
girl to San Francisco, set her up on the
stage to play the role opposite to his
stellar self when Bertie the Lamb makes
love to Agnes, the ward, and not a dozen
people in the Columbia Theater knew
that she had left her brogue only three
years -behind and not long enough for Her
to escape disappointment at the Sham
rock's defeat.
Of all the stage histories of American
actresses there isn't one like hers. An
American manager, loafing through a.va
cation In England, strayed into a subur
ban theater, where an company,
dusty from the road, was playing "The
Brave Irish Peasant." Mary Realty,
plump, pretty and inexperienced, was in
the cast and the managerial eye lighted
upon her. The upshot was her American
appearance. *-;*<,
"Faith, an' what will I do with", my
brogue?" said she to the manager.
"Leave it at the Custom-house." re
plied he.
But it wasn't left there. It was only
by persistent work, work, hard work, thus,
she got rid of it, and even now her Eng
lish slips occasionally, she says.
It is just three years since she left her
native Limerick. It was near Limerick
that she made her first appearance on
the stage.
"Like all Irish girls, I went through a
course of convent training," she says,
"and the stage was entirely foreign to
the thoughts of either my parents or mj
se!f. My first public appearance wa.<
made five year:* ago in a little suburb of
Limerick— Braghhoogan by name. l y had
no professional aspirations even then, for
the performance was an amateur ben'et.t
for thf Irish peasantry whose crops had
been spoiled by the terrible potato insect.
The place we appeared in had formerly
been a barn. The rafters of the roof wero
covered with sod and the place was heat
ed with peat and lighted by little can
dles. The audience, every man "and wo
man of which smoked small clay pipe*
(the custom in my country) were seated
on logs and planks. The price of admis
sion was two dnillings all over the house.
"\V< gave the net proceeds to the little
town for the benefit of the poor families.
I never appeared before such an enthu
piastk and easHy pleased audience i:i my
life."
Sir Thomas Upton heard of his little
< ountryworrian when he was in New
York, and she was entertained on board
his yacht *hfl£ it lay off Sandy Hook.
She is ¦ loyal lover of the Shamrock,
and remembers the best kind of times
aboard her. ,
"Sir Thomas gave me a pot of growing
shamrock," she say.s, "and 1 have it ye:.
It flourishes beautifully even in Americ i,
and will keep a green spot in my room
all the year round.
"I nearly always wear the tie and pin
he Rave me. The pin shows a des'gn of
th<- Irish fiag and the flag of the Shan:
and the tie has the same . design.
V' u si-o I'm very loyal, but you wouldn't
hav<- me otherwise, would you?
"The Shamrock contains more dogs than
you ever saw together on one boat. They
have been giver, to Sir Thomas by his
iriends. who offered them as mascots,
and they are of all dogs the" most hid
r cus. He gave me one of these— a homely
little Irish terrier which was so affec
tionate that he wouldn't let me leave him
to go on the stage without setting up a
howl that coul<' be heard through the
wings and in the audience. I was very
fond of him, but I couldn't manage him,
traveling all the time, so I gave him to
Mr. Robson, who keeps him at his horn*
near New York."
Miss Kealty is distinctly Irish in type.
She has the ruddy Irish cheeks that neei
very little make-up, even for stage rosi
neae. Her eyes are big and blue and her
hair is dark— ;>.n Irish combination thai
no other race pas ever imitated success
fully. She is plump — dangerously plum^,
for she is close to that borderland where
plumpness leaves off and bag-punching '
begins. She is entirely lovely at present,
but if behooves her to beware.
How Eil If ye iOasp.scQVered
COLONEL "BILL" ROOT of Lara
mie, Wyo., the dealer in wild ani-*
mals and discoverer of "Bill Nye,"
and who now has charge of the In
dian village at Glen Island, tells the fol
lowing story of how he "discovered" the
humorist:
" 'Bill Nye,' when he was a young man,
wasn't much; in tact, folks in L<yamie
wondered whether he would eventually
dry up and blow away or just die of plain
starvation. Things never would come his
way and that same way led through many
rocky places. Everything to which he
turned his hand seemed to wither under
it, and he began to think that he was a
'hoodoo.'
"Bill was a pretty discouraged sort of a
cuss when I said tv him and his v/ife cne
<i:»y: 'Conic <ut to the runcri and stay
with me for a, while,! and they came. Long
before this time Frances, Bill's wife, had
made' up her m;nd that Bill was cast in the
mul'i oi a lawyer, $nd nothing wouui do
but Bill must study law. So Bill cam«
• along with his old booKS and would wan
oer around the ranch trying to imbibe
i zone ar.a j>4t;es of Blacxstone. But the
i-ankei worm h,t worry was in his mind,
and the ozone and several of the thjngs
I had -in a cupboard seemed to do little
good.
"Every little while BUI would sneak
away, write something he called funny,
send it away, and anxiously wait for the
lightning, in the shape of a check, to
strike. Now, Frances discouraged all this.
She wanted the law or nothing. She felt
that once Bill hung out his shingle all the
world would immediately get into trouble
and half of it would" fall all over itself to
get into Bill's office.
"Well, one day Bill met me about three
miles away from the ranch and said: 'Bill,
I want your advice. I've got something
in my pocket and on my mind, and I want
you to tell mfc what to do.'
"With that he unbuttoned his coat and
pulled out a letter from a Denver news
paper inclosing a check for $20, showed it
THE SUNDAY CALL.
to me, and asked, 'Shall I become a funny
man or a lawyer?' I looked at Bill, and
then at the check, and back at Bill again.
That check surprised me even more than
It did him. But I was there to give judg
ment, and had to do it. *
" ¦Bill." I said, 'if you can find foolish
people anywhere in this world who are
H
ready to part with good bank checks for
that stuff you grind out. you go right to
the house, get a big bottle out of the cup
board, put a wet towel about your bead.
and sit down anil grind. A ma,n must hay»
brains to be a lawyer.'
"And Bill's wife never spoke to DM tor
three years."Pages 21 to 32
VOLUME XC-XO. 156.
TOBIN PROMISES INVESTIGATION OF COMISSIONS
AND CORRECTION OF ANY EVILS THAT MAY BE FOUND
BATTLE OF TOBIN AND SCHMITZ
GROWS MORE VIGOROUS AS DAY
OF CHOOSING MAYOR APPROACHES
Wells Is Practically Out of the Race-— Candidates
on His Ticket Are Trading With the Labor
Party Nominees and Tobin IsTaking First Place
J~) VSIXESS men of San Francisco who desire an honest ad
£j ministration of affairs for the people should combine their
strength and cast it in favor of Joseph S. Tobin. Asa R.
Wells is the candidate of the bosses and corporations, Eugene E.
Schmitz is tJte leader of disturbing elements. The safe man is
Tobin. All the shouting to the effect that Wells is gaining support
from the conservatk'C forces of citizenship is simply campaign noise.
The example of George K. Fitch, Thomas Magee and E. B. Pond
should not be lost sight of by the taxpayers who desire clean local
government. All good men of the city, irrespective of party, should
unite on Tobin and save San Francisco.
THE battle between Tobin and
Sehmitz is a rontesn that engages
the attention of voters in every
district of the city. The sup
porters of Bchmitz are trading
right and left and offering to
sacrifice all the candidates for "subordinate
pltces to give strength for the head of the
ticket. The trading is conducted chiefly
v,:th Republicans. The candidates on the
Republican ticket have 5t in for Wells, as
w observe that Herrin, Burns, Johnny
Lynch. Jesse Burke and Eddie Conroy are
making epecial effort to help the head
arid giving no support to speak of to the
bed} of Uu ticket. Therefore when work
The San Francisco Call.
ingmen propose to give two votes for
County Clerk, Sheriff or some other office
In exchange for one vote for Schmitz the
negotiations are entertained.
Wells is not in the running. Early in
the week an organized effort was made
to create a noisy boom for the old gentle
man's candidacy, but the boom faded
away Friday evening vrhen the money
offered that he would get more votes than
Tobin was promptly taken. Coin was
placed in several downtown saloons by the
Wells' men, under agreement that round
Continued on Page Twenty-Two.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901-FORTY-FOUR PAGES.
GREAT AUDIENCE OF LABORERS ON WATER FRONT CHEERS JOSEPH S. TOBIN FOR HIS MANLY UTTER
ANCES CONCERNING THE INTERESTS OF WORKINGMEN IN THE PRESENT CAMPAIGN AND FOR HIS
EFFECTIVE REBUKE OF HOODLUMS WHO TRY TO CREATE DISORDER.
WORKINGMEN ON THE WATER FRONT LISTEN
TO ADDRESS BY A WORKINGMAN'S SON
JOSEPH S. TOBIN was given an
enthusiastic reception during the
noon hour yesterday, when he ad
dressed a large crowd of working
men at the foot of Folsom street,
just outside the United States
army transport dock. His audience was
composed entirely of workingmen.
Fringing the crowd was a collection of
water front derelicts, aroused from their
lumber pile couches by the cheers which
greeted the candidate for Mayor. When
Tobin was almost through with his ad
dress Isadore Less, the barber, who is run
ning for Auditor on the Labor Union party
ticket, acconfpanled by a bodyguard, drove
into the crowd surrounding the speaker.
The bodyguard, another barber, jumped
to the seat of the buggy and with a yell
that spoke better for the strength of his
lunga than for his conception of common
decency cried, "Three cheers for
Schmltz." The crowd resented the inter
ruption, but when he threw into the air a
few packages of election cards the fringe
of th^ crowd disturbed the meeting by
scrambling for them. The fringe also
took up the Schmitz cry. The real audi
tors, the workingmen, were for resenting
the interruption, and but for the tact of
Tobin there would have been trouble.
"That's all right." said Tobin. "Every
body is entitled to three cheers at some
time. Let's make this unanimous."
Standing to his full height. Tobin then
Continued on Page Twenty-Two.
ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCES GIVE
UNDOUBTED ASSURANCES OF THE
SUCCESS OF ANTI-BOSS TICKET
Candidate for Mayor Makes a Frank Declaration
of His Policy in the Event of Election and
Ends Campaign With Three Rousing Meetings
JOSEPH S. TOBIN attended three rousing meetings last night
fj and at each one there was convincing evidence of the popular
ity among all classes of citizens of the anti-boss candidate for
Mayor. He explained the actual status of the Mission track ques
tion, and showed how its settlement could be delayed indefinitely
by a corporation controlled Mayor. He spoke of the great poivers
invested in the Mayor by the charter, and told how he proposed to
exercise those pmvers in the eventof his election. He promised to in
vestigate all charges of extravagance or bad policy brought against
any commission under the Mayor's control and to use his pozver to
the limit in curtailing and correcting whatever evils should be dis
covered.
THE three meetings that Joseph
S. Tobin addressed last night,
the last important meetings of
the campaign, demonstrated the
fact that citizens of all classes
are looking to him as their cham
pion in the cause of good civic govern
ment and that they intend to make him
the next Mayor of San Francisco.
There was probably never before a can
didate for any office in the gift of the
citizens whose personality appealed to
those with whom he came in contact as
does that of Tobin. Throughout the cam
Pages 21 to 32
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
paign he has proved himself a clean,
honest, self-respecting man, and has never
shown to such advantage as on the few
occasions when the enemy has apparently
had him in a corner. He Is a fighter, a
clean fighter but a vigorous one. He hits
I from the shouloTer and drives home every
blow.
His three meetings last night were the
most enthusiastic of the campaign. At
the first one. In McGrath's Hall, 530 Third
j street, he showed his fighting quality, and
Continued on Page Twenty- Two.2
UNION LABOR'S OFFICIAL JOURNAL RINGS
OUT A WARNING TO WORKINGM EN VOTERS
SHOWS DANGER
OF SUPPORTING
LABOR TICKET
Says Administration by
Class Would. Put Nail
in Coffin of .Unions
Prophesies Low Rate of
Wages if Schmitz Is
Elected Mayor of City
THE dangers of a class adminis
tration in municipal affairs are
presented in the editorial, under
the heading "Our Last Word of
Warning." in Organized Labor,
- published by the labor unions of
Ban Francisco, in yesterday's issue. The
editorial is as follows:.
When the community is prosperous, the trades
unions in that community are also prosperous,
and each Individual member thereof. If you
desire to vote prosperity away from San Fran
cisco; if you desire to vote to disband your
tinoins; if you want to vote the money out of
four own pockets; if you like to vote the
bread away from your wife and children— then
vote the class ticket, the worst class ticket,
the Union Labor party ticket, and you will
have accomplished all these. Yes, more, you
will have put a nail into the coffin of trades
unionism as far as San Francisco is concerned
for the r.ext ten years. Already we can point
to millions of dollars' worth of work which is
lying in the architects' offices awaiting the
result of the municipal election.
Capital is timid, capital is j-esentful, and
ta.pita.l is at times arbitrary; Tiut labor, the
father of all capital, can, as a prudent and
wise parent, work harmoniously with its son
»nd offspring; but if the father gets Intoxi
cated with "class consciousness," and in a
moment of frenzy^ drives the son that should
oelp to support him in the old age away from
Some, the probability is that that father will
Have to make a Journey to the almshouse.
History is replete with such examples. Take
the bleeding State of Kansas under its Popu
vist administration, or any other common
wealth or community where a -class party
secured control of the reins of government.
the result is always the same. Capital has
tone into hiding and labor is begging for em
ployment. Do you want such a condition in
Ban Francisco? Do you want your unions
torn to pieces, your wages reduced to $0 75 a
lay? and your hours of work increased to ten
>r twelve? If 60, vote the Labor ticket! Vote
Igrainst your union. Vote to disband! Vote
yourselves into the 'same condition as those'
*rho voted with Dennis Kearney, who are now
forking on the outskirts of the city for their
froard and 25 cents a day, while the sand-lot
igitator is a millionaire. \ Vote away your in
lepeadence and self-respect. Vote away the
prosperity of the city— remember that
{^Organized Labor," as a trade union paper
,eve you the warning!
The board of directors of Organized
Labor js composed of the following repre
?entatives of unions:
E. J. Brandon, San Francisco Bricklayers'
Association, president.
Albert Scboenau, Shoeworkers' Union No
0.6. vice president.
A. E. Yoell, Electrical Workers' No. 6 sec
retary.
John E. MeDoVigald, Marblecuttere* and Fin
fchers' Association, treasurer.
J. C. Millan. Cigarmakers* Union No. 223.
P. H. McCarthy. Carpenters' and Joiners'
IT". £2.
. 'William Danielson, Painters* Union No. 78.
O. A. Xveltmoe. Cementworkers' Union.
Mo. Davis, Musicians' Mutual Protective
Cnion No. C.
William Butler, Plumbers' Union
"Want Tracks Removed.
The Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs met last night on Noe Street and a
report was read in relation to the pledges
>f the Mayoralty candidates. It was
hown to the federation that only Mr.
robin and Mr. Schmitz favored the re-
Ci&val cf the steam railroad tracks from
he Mission, and a resolution was adopted
¦avoring their candidacy.
John Lackmann Indorsed.
At a meeting of the Army and Navy
Republican League last night John Lack
toann was indorsed for Sheriff.
BUFFALO. Nov. 2.— Two of the large
luildings of Jacob Dold & Co.'s packing
Establishment were burned to-night. Loss
aoo,ooo. •
$ Owl cut-rates
jflf Here are some special prices that should interest every user
M of soaps, medicines and toijet luxuries. If you haven't time %
!jK> .to come to the store, we'll send the goods to you-— just ring \i
m up South 356 and your . .order will be delivered at once. Irt
'1 We will also send for prescriptions, fill and deliver them, for «^l\
1 less money than other drug stores charge for filling. These ''1
/ j prices good until Saturday night, November 9th. I|\l
,i Peter Keegan's Balmore Old Highland Whiskey 95c M
| ,¦*, A fine,* id Scotch whiskey bottled In CUnow. It if perfectly pure, hn i rood Jlf!
¦ flavor, »o6ses#e« all the characteristics of the finest Scotch whitkey and is . fl
I tl»t l» etpecialW tdipted for medicinal purpose*. ¦ Regular price $1.50 a quart bottle. ljs\
I) Rentier's Malt h !5c Lennox Hair Tonic 50c hi
\» Carl Rer.ner'i German Malt __ • Best for the biir and scalp tor. 7<c • " wllf
i i« (Mar.ich), special price by dozen «i ,' - *» Iml
v this week $1.75 Munyon $ Soap 10c uf
'A Anita Cream 30c ; Witch hazel soap — sells erery- lM\
V'^ Coaxes a new tkln for joe regular ! where for 15c  JIKj
M Packer's and Laurence's Lablache Face Powder 25c Ml
\ Tar Soap, I cake each 25c Rer»i« s<>c— n»naUy charge joe M
yl l^. Both excellent and sell for 15c each Carter's Little UvCJ* Pills 15c $//¦
v;^ Japanese Cleaning Fluid Isc ,_ The world over ** c i our prf<* is* ////
\R* Regular 4je— for remorlnf rreaao \ Coke Dandruff Cure <Jsc /¦///
WV tpcti, ptint, etc. from clothe*. . A map at our fpedal price J&W +
\«V P 1136 M.rhi »,.. j^, rr.«ei^« ty /flf
EVIDENCE FOUND JUSTIFYING
CHARGES AGAINST E. E. SCHMITZ
— HE following statement was issued by the secretary of the Build
' ing Trades Council at a late hour last night relative to the charges
brought against Eugene E. Schmitz, the Labor Union party candidate
for Mayor: • ;
JL "The executive board of the Building Trades Council, In conform
ity with the instructions of the council, met this evening for the pur
pose of investigating the charges made against Eugene B. Schmitz, the can
didate for Mayor on the Labor ticket, the charges having been preferred by
three members of unions affiliated witrT the Iron Trades Council and published
in the local papers.
"A number of witnesses were examined and considerable evi
dence elicited, sufficient to convince the board that there exists
good grounds for the charges,
"Owing to the lateness of the hour and the desire of the board to afford
the accused an opportunity for a fair and impartial hearing, the board ad
journed its session and will resume the investigation to-morrow (Sunday), at
3 o'clock, at the Carpet Mechanics' Hall, 7 City Hall Square."
TOBIN PROMISES INVESTIGATION OP COMMISSIONS IF ELECTED,
Continued From Page Twenty-One.
when he left it waa with the friendship
and admiration of every man in the hall.
Colonel T. F. Barry was the first speak
er of the evening. In the course of his
speech he said that he was there to
answer any questions that might be put
to him. A man in the audience arose and
said:
"I want to ask you how much salary
Mr. Tobin receives as attorney for the
Hibernia Bank?"
Colonel Barry started to reply when
Tobin jumped to his feet, pushed Barry
to one side and facing the audience said:
"I will answer that man. My salary is
less per month than my opponent on the
Union Labor ticket got for the job he did
for the Risdon Iron Works last June."
The audience, composed largely of
workingmen, rose to their feet and
cheered. Barry finished his speech and
gave Tobin a formal introduction to his
audience.
TEBiLS OF THE CAHPAIGN.
Has Confined the Fight to the Busi
ness Issues.
When the cheers, which were renewed
as Tobin faced the audience, had ceased
he s^oke as follows:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: I hope
that in this, almost the last meeting of
this campaign, I have not been betrayed
into an expression that might, in Its tone*,
indicate anything of bitterness. Whatever
the individual feelings of any man upo»
any ticket may be, after all, gentlemen,
we are all citizens of San Francisco. We
are working for the best interests of San
Francisco as we see them. We are helß
ing to build up the future prosperity of
San Francisco as we conceive it to be,
and whether we be on this ticket or that
ticket or the other ticket, gentlemen, let
us remember that we are fellow citizens
and fellow men and live In peace, in
prosperity and in generosity of spirit.
(.Applause.)
"I have in this campaign assailed no
body. } have criticized nobody. I have
expressed personal animosity toward no
one and I shall not now if the questions
directed to me are confined within the
limits that I know you will confine them
If you ask me questions. I shall not break
the rule that I started out to carry
through in this campaign, to conduct it
in an honest, manly, straightforward
spirit.
"Gentlemen, it has been said south of
Market street that I am out of touch
with the people that live there; that I do
not represent them; that my people are
not their people; that my interests are not
their interests. Gentlemen, I deny this
absolutely, Wholly, entirely. My people
have lived in San Francisco for fifty
years and more. (Applause.) They have
prospered with the prosperity of San
Francisco. They came here poor. I was
born poor. I have poor Wood in my veins
and I have gone through the hardships
of poverty just as much as any man in
this audience and I appreciate and I feel
and I sympathize with the character, the
aspirations and the spirit of the poor, the
downtrodden and -the oppressed, whether
they are in San Francisco or whether they
are in New York or whether they are in
New Orleans or whether they are in South
Africa beneath the banner of the Boers.
(Applause.) Gentlemen, no man can say
to my face that I have not got the spirit
of a Democrat In my soul. (Applause.) I
hope that whatever the result of this
campaign may be one thing shall be es
tablished and it is this: That you will
all know me for a young man just like
every young man in this audience, no bet
ter and no worse, I hope. That I am
THE FAN FrMNCjSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
like you; that I feel like you and have
hopes like you, and just as patriotic as
you are and just as honest and feel as
deeply my obligations as a citizen as you
gentlemen. If nothing else results from
this campaign than this I shall consider
that I have indeed been fortunate; that
I am jndeed blessed by the best blessings
of heaven.
"You do not care to hear at this time
any discussion upon the principles of this
campaign. Those things are all passed
and done with now. I have gone before
you, discussed this campaign and Its
issues upon principles that appeal to me
as the proper principles, upon business
principles. I have conceived municipal
government to be nothing else than the
proper assessment, proper taxation and
the proper administration of the finances
of the city. This has been my goal.
"To this I have directed all by efforts.
And I think, gentlemen, that as citizens,
as business men, as practical men who
have their business interests here, whose
children live here, whose future pros
perity depends upon the prosperity of this
city, I know and I feel that all such men
will sustain me in this campaign and the
result will be a victory for the Demo
cratic party. (Applause.)
"Gentlemen, this is perhaps the last
meeting we shall have in this vicinity. I
want to thank you all for the kindness
and the courtesy with which I have been
treated on this occasion and on the pre
vious occasions, and I want to repeat
it now that if I have shown myself to Be
nothing more than a plain, ordinary,
every-day American citizen to those who
perhaps believed that I was something
other than this, no matter what the re
sult is, gentlemen, I will consider that I
have achieved a victory. I thank you
gentlemen."
STTRE OF ELECTION.
Although neither brass band nor bon
fire proclaimed to the neighborhood that
a political meeting was in progress, Na
tive Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, was crowded with citizens
of the Thirty-fourth Assembly District.
Charles D. South was in the chair and
soon after Tobin's arrival he Introduced
the candidate to the audience.
Again there were cheers to proclaim his
popularity and as on every similar occa
sion during the campaign, he found him
self with friends. He spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: In the course
of this campaign we have discussed many
things incident to a discussion of the platforms
of the various parties. It has been our pur
pose, at the outset, and I believe we have car
ried out that purpose, to present to the citizens
of this city but one issue, namely, the business
management of the municipality, or as it has
been so often and tersely expressed, "muni
cipal government is business, not politics." We
have pointed to our record during the past
two years and as a guarantee of our future
actions we stand upon our platform fortifl>id
as it is by the record that we have made.
After all, gentlemen, to men who pay taxes
and live in San Francisco the question of city
government presents nothing else than the so
lution of the question: How shall our money
best be expended. In whose hands shall it be
administered the most honestly, and to whom
shall we look for cleanliness and independence
in public life. Others have discussed this cam
paign from different standpoints.- The stand
point of the nominee upon the Republican
ticket, as it has been so well expressed in one
of the dally papers, is the standpoint apparent
ly of locality and refreshment. We have pre
sented to you our views; we have stated to
you distinctly and accurately our principles
and what we believe to be the proper munici
pal policy of San Francisco upon every ques
tion that has been presented to us. We have
shirked nothing; we have refused to answer
nothing. We have stated accurately, distinct
ly, upon the stump from one end of San Fran
cisco to the other what we conceive to be the
principles involved and what we conceive to
be the proper answer to the Issues presented
by the various platforms. Gentlemen, at this
time we can do no more. I feel that behind
me will be found every man who is interested
In making the city of San Francisco clean,
wholesome and livable. I feel that behind
me on November 6 will be found every prac
tical, honest, business-like citizen of San Fran
cisco who wishes the city to advance, who
feels that the prosperity of the city Is his
prosperity, who feels that municipal govern
ment le business, not politics, and who feels,
I know, that the Democratic party during the
last two years has given an honest, clean, de
cent, elevating administration of city govern
ment. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I thank you.
FK/0 BUSES INVESTIGATION.
The last of the meetings was held In
the Young Men' # s Christian Association
Hall on Mission »treet. near Twenty
third. Here again a large audience
greeted the candidate for Mayor and once
more he found encouragement for the bo
lef that Tuesday will see his election by
a good margin.
He spoke of the railroad tracks through
the Mission and gave his pledge that in
the event of his election he would make
it his early business to Investigate all the
commissions under control of the Mayor
and see to the proper and Immediate cor
rection of whatever abuses and inconsis
tencies were found to exist. His address
was as follows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen! The task has
been fulfilled. We have Just about oom
pleted an obligation of civic patriotism. This
campaign is all but concluded. I feel, gentle
men, and I know that upon November 5 will
be found behind us every man who loves San
Francisco, who . would make San Francisco
clean and wholesome and livable, who has nib
property Invested in San Francisco and hopes
to see her prosperous and vigorous in the fu
ture. All these will be found behind us, gen
tlemen, and it is needless to say that all these
comprise more than a large majority of the
electors of San Francisco. (Applause.)
To you people who are In the Mission there
Is one point which directs you intelligently
and without a deflection to the position occu
pied by the leading candidate upon the Repub
lican ticket, and I refer to his action with
regard to the Mission tracks. He refused to
cay that he would carry out the law. He re
fused to pledge himself that he would see that
the ordinance of the Board of Supervisors, was
fulfilled; and this was no- ordinary pledge that
you asked of him, gentlemen; it was not a
pledge In the usual significance; it was not a
pledge to put somebody In office or to expel
somebody from office; it waa not a pledge to
do anything that in any way conflicted with
any man's idea of what was right and proper.
It waa simply a pledge to discharge the law
as he finds it, and he refused to give you
that pledge, and. gentlemen, you know the
power that prevented him giving you that
pledge. This, gentlemen, is the sole, and to
me and to all of us, the all-sufficient reason
why the Republican ticket does not represent
the citizens of San Francisco, and this is the
all-Bufflcient reason why it represents the
Southern PacWc Railroad Company. Gentle
men, in a statement to-day in the newspaperb
he. says that the matter Is in the courts and
he cannot ac« what he has to do with It. Il
la easy for the administration to take It out
of the courts if they want to. It le easy for
the Board of Supervisors to extend to the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company a license
to run over these tracks, and that will knock
on the head the case of the city which Is
now in the courts.
Han he pledged himself that he will do this?
Has he said that he was In sympathy with the
movement to remove the tracks in the Mis
sion? No, gentlemen; you have ample evidence
that all we have said of him as the represen
tative of corporate aggression is absolutely true.
It is absolutely true that he consulted with the
leading attorney of this corporation. It has
never been denied. It is absolutely tru» that
he wanted an honest man placfea upon the
SCHMITZ SAYS
CHARGES ARE
MEANINGLESS
Refuses to Give Any
Explanation of Risdon
Iron Works Contracts
Has Nothing to Say Con
cerning the Evidence
of Recent Treachery
THE publication by The Call yes
terday of fac simile proofg of
Eugene E. Schmitz'a treachery
to the cause of unionism in hav
ing performed scab work for the
Rlsdon Iron Works proved to be
a veritable bombshell in the
labor ranks. The facts as brought out by
The Call were the subject of general dis
cussion among union men, and it goes
without saying that when these men vote
on Tuesday most of them will know how
to reward treachery to their cause.
In his campaigning speeches about town
last night, Schmitz stated in general terms
that the articles attacking him were lies
which were caused to be published by the
capitalists in order to Injure his candi
dacy. When seen by a Call reporter
after one of the meetings, and asked for
his opinion concerning the truth or
falsity of the article in question, Schmitz
declined to discuss the matter.
"I have no reply to make to the publi
cation by The Call," he said. "People
who know me know that there la ; noth
ing in the story."
"You performed the work for the Ris
don Iron Works at a time when you
knew that to do so laid you open to the
charge of scabbing, did you not?"
"I have nothing to say," was the firm
reply. "To spring such stuff at the elev
enth hour means absolutely nothing."
Schmitz refused to say anything further
concerning the charge made against him.
He said, however, that the labor ticket
waa growing In strength every hour and
that its election, despite the statements
of an antagonistic press, was an absolute
certainty.
Board of Supervisors and then he backed down
from his position and accepted the board as
prepared for him by the same attorney. It is
absolutely true that when confronted by a com
mittee from the .cftizens of the Mission, asking
him to pledge himself that he would carry out
the policy of the Mission with respect to the
double tracks, he refused to give an answer, he
avoided the question, he floundered and he gave
you ample evidence that he is what we have
all along contended he Is— the representative,
not of the Republican party, not of the citizens
of San Francisco, but of the allied corporations
and the allied bosses. (Applause).
I have spoken upon this issue, gentlemen, be
cause I know every man in the Mission is con
versant with the status of affairs with respect
to Mission tracks. The city brought action
against the railroad company. Judge Seawell
decided in favor of the city and decided that
the railroad company had no franchise to run
cars on a certain portion of the track here and
that they must remove to the bay shore. That
decision has been appealed from and if the pol
icy of the present administration and the pres
ent City Attorney is carried out the Mission
tracks will be removed. But If you place in
power an administration that Is not in sym
pathy with that policy, that will direct the
City Attorney to delay the suit, to obstruct the
decision of the Supreme Court; nay, more, per
haps to grant them a license to run their cars.
It will be many a long day before the residents
of the Mission succeed In removing these tracks
from this district. (Applause).
The power of the Mayor under the
charter, gentlemen, is very great and
I desire to say now that if I am elect
ed that power will be used. If I
am elected extravagances that are
charged against any board, bad policy,
that is charged against any board,
will be investigated and that extrav
agance will be curtailed; that policy
will be corrected if those charges are
sustained. Under the charter the
Mayor has the power to remove any
elective officer in the city and county
of San Francisco with the concur
rence of fourteen members of the-
Board of Supervisors, and he has also
the power to remove any appointive
officer, any man who holds his offica
by virtue of an appointment, he hat*
the power to remove that man by
simply filing charges with the Board
of Supervisors and without going
through the formality of a trial.
These powers, gentlemen, will be
used. (Applause.)
All officers and all boards will be Investigated
and thoroughly Investigated by m« If elected.
Every department of tne city government will
be placed under the eight-hour law regulating
hours of labor. Every department of the city
will have Its work done under the rules and
regulations, proper and moderaU as they are,
of the unions regulating that class of work.
Gentlemen, I cannot say any more at this time
than that I know and feel that I shall not be
offered up as a sacrifice for the good citizenship
of San Francisco. I know and feel that every
man In this audience to whom we have . ap
pealed as a practical business man, on practi
cal business lines and not as Dolltlclans beg
ging votes; I know that «v«ry on» of those
men will look at our record, examine our ca
reer, Inspect our platform, see what we have
done, and on November 5 Indorse us as honest,
clean, independent officials. Gentlemen. I
thank you. (Great applause.)
&ATTLE OF mm AND SCHMITZ
Continued From Page Twenty-One.
ers who should talk Wells should have
free drinks.
Yesterday the Republican bosses spread
a rumor that a iJBII had been taken In
th 9 Western Addition -which gave Indica
tions favorable to Wells. When facts and
figures were called for to bring out details
regarding the streets polled and the num
ber of votes listed and the number re
ceived by each candidate data could not
be supplied. Further Inquiry to ascertain
by whom the poll was taken failed to
elicit any information. Still further in
vestigation disclosed the fact that no poll
was taken, but that some on© at Cobb's
headquarters had advised a poll of the
Western Addition.
Early in the week Herrin, Lynch «nd
Catarrh
Is a constitutional disease.
It originates In a scrofulous condition ol
the blood and depends on that condition.
It often causes headache and dizziness,
impairs the taste, smell and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It is always radically and permanently
cured by the blood-purifying, alterative
and tonic action of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
This great medicine has wrought the most
wonderful cures of all diseases depending
on Bcrofula or the scrofulous habit.
lood'b Fills are th&beet catbartlc.
= . , _j ' " ADVEBTISEMENT3. ¦.„'.,..¦:;„.;; _^^ : ¦¦ - - -'---- .„...'**
¦ nnftft»i tffti nfl B^rr^THREATENEO WITH
A BROOKLYN BELLE consumpt lON
I Pe-ru-na Promptly Saved Her Life.
ml Mi*? ffif-hr Mali or* 1 rSSmLA \ Jl
Miss Kitty Maher, 474 Eleventh street, Brooklyn, N. T. f writes: - \ I spent two years here without imprbv-
" For weeks I had a most distressing cold contracted late in the £|im^Sta?it!ttS Vtw O e monThsTwas
fall by getting thoroughly chilled driving, and although I took the \^£^ol^l% & l^f\J^i^7o
matter in hand in its early stage, still my cold kept getting worse. to^Srado^air^orSfa^^irrhad
It seemed to be through my entire system and soon developed into a mne°lundredsm n e°Iundreds S'SM-JwSiSS.'ltffi
serious, cough on my lungs, with catarrhal troubles. I had often Ho£ e w. j. Purman. ex-member of con- v
heard and read of Peruna for colds' and catarrh, so / finally decided TtSlt^JvrV™™^™? £°£A™toi
to try it, and am a very grateful woman to-day, as your medicine was lows:
almost miraculous in its cure, relieving me before I had taken it two " f rom representations to me anf^
days and curing me in three weeks."— KlTTY MAHER. m * own "£"•">• I*** l Justified '* o )
'WHAT PEGFLE SAY pleasant, and the catarrhal condition recommending your Peruna to any and
— . . j; ~ which invariably followed so hard to get all persons suffering with catarrh,
ATwiit 'P«-TTi-Tia. no. a. TtMmmArr In All rI " °"« but since I have known of • the • , -. ¦»•,.•
ABoutPe-ru-na as a Bemedy in All blessed relief secured through the use of nervousness or stomach troubles. I
Diseases of Winter, Coughs, Peruna lam free from all this unpleas- ... . . . . ¦ .
Colds and Catarrh antness and suffering. regard it as a great tonic and remedy
Peruna cures catarrh, coughs, colds. Is a ctld f a^d^kLpTeU^rou^hTt^uTe 9 "- 'or Such afflictions. I, and others to
SS a k n d O^ne tO pe^^ t the hh g tt e hh n cce cr l a?iy! ca it PP i rr a O fe Mlss E " M " Isaacs - . " » horn ' recommend it, are using it .
doubtedly th& most popular remedy for - WINTER COLDS now With beneficial results." — W. J.
this class of diseases In existence. Read . d *
the following letters: Breed Catarrh, Coughs and Consump- man. -— . -. - ,-
Pe-ru-na Cures a Cold at the Onset tion. t If you do not derlve prompt and satis-
1<1» E. M .Isaacs Armstrongr Pa. vice Josephine Stolhammer. Denver. Colo., wV'te"" Keto Dr. Hlrtmai!^. gfvYng a
president of the Fortnightly Club, writes: care Soderburg Palace Studio, writes: full statement of your case, and he will
_ No one who has tried the comforts My physician advised me to go to Col- be pleased to give you his valuable advice
Peruna brings would ever be without it. orado because my lungs were delicate, gratis vaiuaoie aavi.e
I used to dread the slightest cold, as Its and I had catarrh of the head, which th« Address Dr. Hartman President of The
consequences were so lengthy and so un- damp climate East seemed to aggravate. Hartman Sanitarium Columbus O
Burns perceived that the drift of the
conservative mercantile and taxpaylns
vote was toward Tobin, hence they ro
solved to check the tide it possible by cir
culating reports that prominent bankers,
merchants and insurance men, who do not
usually take an active part in partisan
politics, were inclined to support Well*.
The stories of such support turned out to
be fakes. In the downtown business
houses, banks and insurance offices th<*
sentiment is largely in favor of Tobin.
Indications are that the business men
of the city will continue to line up for
Tobin. In no other way can Schmitz, a
class candidate, be defeated. Wells Is not
acceptable to the workingmen because he
is on record In opposition to the eight
hour law. He is not acceptable to the
taxpayers and ether friends of clean local
government because he la the candidate
of the bosa machine. The improvement
clubs and the Non-Partisan party arc
against him because he gives weak and
evasive replies to questions concerning
the management of municipal affairs. His
attitude is deplorable. Men who respect
his years and Lis nice qualities as an in
offensive man regret his weakness as a
candidate. In the light of events it is
seen that the conservative citizens. Irre
spective of party-, must unite on Tobin to
prevent the victory at the polls for
Schmita.
Attempts to create the impression that
Schmitz is attaching to his cause more
Democrats than Republicans have been
exposed as misleading. The standard
bearer of the labor agitators is getting
the bulk of his support from the ranka of
the Republican party. Abe Ruef and
Colonel T. V. Eddy, who were leading
orators in the McKlnley campaign, are
speaking for Schmitz. Democrats are re
turning to their party camp and giving
their strength to Tobin, but Republicans
of spirit and Independence are not going
to Wella. If they leave the camp or
Schmitz they will Join the Tobin forces.
Joseph 8. Tobin, nominee for Mayor,
was not hissed or insulted at the Metro
politan Temple mass-meeting Friday
evening. The Evening Post makes a big
epread of falsehoods to the effect that
tne audience hissed the nominee. The
facts are that remarks of C. Van Ness,
chairman of the meeting, were interrupt
ed. When he mentioned the name of
Schmitz some hired rowdies In the a-allery
etarted a noisy demonstration and dis
turbed the speaker. Mr. Tobin, however,
was greeted with generous applause. His
speech was not interrupted. He was not
hissed and there was no manifestation of
an unfriendly spirit by the audience.
WORKIHGMEN_DHTHE WATER FRONT
Continued Prom Page Twenty-One.
gave the signal for three cheera for
Schmitz. Even the hoodlum element by
this time realized the Indecency of the In
terruption and the response «was not In
spiring-.
Less and his bodyguard withdrew to a
distance with a few sympathizers. Less'
companion told them In strident tones that
when Eugene E. Schmitz reigned at the
City Hall it would be easier for a camel
to pass through the eye of a needle than
for a property owner to get a hearing, and
that for the next two years San Francisco
would be run by a laboring man for the
exclusive benefit of the working classes.
Tobin continued his speech, and when he
took his departure It was with the cheers
of the workingmen ringing in his ears.
The Schmitz forces had arranged for a
counter-meeting at the same time and at
the same place, but the necessary orators
were not on hand and the meeting did not
take place. Long after the men had gone
back to work ex-Police Judge Treadwell.
one of the Schmitz orators, sat In a buggy
telling such of the "fringe" as had gath
ered around his buggy that when Schmitz
was elected Mayor he (Treadwell) would
see to it that the present industrious corps
of Police Court shysters would be put out
of business.
Stands on His Record.
Tobin was Introduced by Colonel T. F.
Barry and spoke as follows:
"I want to talk to you working men
and I want you to listen to me. WT»en my
father came here he was poorer, prob
ably, than any one of you. He was In
every sense of the word a laboring man.
What h« became later was by his own
efforts. In spite of all you may have
heard about me I want you t« look upon
me as a working man's boy. That's wnat
I am. and as such I claim the right to
your attention on this, the eve of what i
think we can consider the most Important
election ever held In San Francisco.
"I am here to call your attention to a
few facts and not to paint any rainbow
hued picture of what might happen in the
future. I am here to remind you that we
are seeking your suffrages on the strength
of our actual record for tho past two
years. It Is admitted on all hands that
tho city administration has been cleaner
more economical, more beneficial to all
classes of society than any previous ad
ministration.
"You are probably Interested in those
measures we adopted for the special bene
fit of the working classes. I have referred
Important to Men
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID •
Dr. Meyers & Co. Will Waiter Their Pee Until Patient Is Cured.
It is the rankest sort of folly to imagine ?*— —
that a weakness or an ailment will get well -,_.,„
without proper treatment. J^gjjpj!^jg||hfc>
It is both dangerous and expensive to MS^ %
treat wvth inexperienced docton or to at- &Wp V*
tempt to cure yourself with free trial treat- Wm — *.. Jf
ments, patent medicines, electric belts or lT>? *SmW
other dangerous stimulants \>\ VI
For nearly twenty years v we have been * C «k.
curing contracted diseases of men, including W&gsFW
contagious blood poison; also, lost vitality, en - *J7HBL?i
era! and nervous debility, varicocele, rupture '4c£3|&»
stricture, piles, diseases of the kidneys, bladl I
der, etc. 3 "
We are specialists in curing these ailments. Wecureatany !
stage of the disorder and restore the patients as quickly as is •
consistent with a permanent cure. Our remedies, which are !
always effective, -but are never harmful, furnished free to I
our patients from our own private laboratory. . (
Consultation and advice free at our office or by mail. Full !
information and our private book, sealed, free. Home cures a <
specialty. Remedies rent by mail or express. hi}\
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 5ST&2SS I
; HOURS— 9 to 4 daily; Sundays, 9to 11. \
t %AAAAAAAA^ A A A a a a a. a.
to them before and will be satisfied at
this time with simply enumerating some
of them. We have enforced . the eight
hour law on all work in which the city is
directly or indirectly interested. We have
raised the rate of labor around the City
Hall to $2 50 a day. • We have reduced
your taxes, your gas and water rates and
have given you a 2^ cent street car fare
for school children.
"We ask those opposing us in this cam
paign to point to any one act of theirs
on record for the benefit of the working
classes. •
"We point you to what we have done.
On one hand you have our record. On
the other hand promises. The campaign
is almost over, and on Tuesday it will be
your duty to act as citizens for the best
welfare of San Francisco and •to b«
guided in your actions by what you know
and not by promises which have cost
nothing more than the effort of speech "
When Tobin started away he was fol
lowed by a crowd of men. all anxious to
£iT a ? p *u lm *7 the han(l *$* to assure him
that the Indecent Interruptions had been
without their consent or approval and
would have been resented but for his
stand in the matter. They said further
that neither Less tor his bodyguard
represented th* real workingmen of San
Francisco, who resented this method of
campaigning. As one of them said:
dow?Vr£^ coura se in coming
In great shape. You're the) real stuff and
you re our man from this on ¦SCHMITZ REPEATS SPEECH THREE TIMES
AND WELLS ADDRESSES CORPORAL'S GUARD
LABOR PARTY
CANDIDATES
IN THE FIELD
Voters Asked to Pay No
M Attention to Articles
Attacking the Ticket
Schmitz Declares That
the Newspapers Were
Paid to Traduce Him
i» ii "CGEXE E. SCHMTT2 and his
folio-wing of labor candidates
made the rounds of -raxious dis
following of labor candidates
made the rounds of -narious dis
tricts last night. The attend
ance at the various places vis
ited was not as large a* at other
meetings during the week, but
the eoittrusiasm displayed was a feature
of all the gatherings.
Sclunitz spoke at the headquarters of
the machinists at 8 o'clock, the attend
ance being fair. He was given a cordial
reception, and on taking the stand he
*Jd:
I har« as particular request to make of you
«£T* that you pay no attention to the lies
being printed about me in The CaJl and Chron
icle. I t.rr. accused of all sorts of things at the
eleventh hour, merely because those papers and
the Interests they represent are afraid that the
li£icr ticket is going to win this flsrht. My rec
*rt Stan Is for Itself. It has been that of a con-
JL em vnlon man, and I do not fear the issue
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured.
Hiss Edith Wilihms Wants Every L?.dy
Reaiar of This Papsr t; Know How
She Saved Her Father.
Used at. Odorless and Tasteless Remedy in
Eis Food, Quickly Curing Him
Without His Knowledge.
T. lal Package of the Remedy Mailed
Free to emir How Easy it Is to
Cure Drunkards.
Kothire could be more dramatic or devoted
tiian the manner in which Miss Edith Wil-
/ :mns, Uox. 23, TTayneEville, Ohio, cured her'
drunken father after years of misery, wretch-
edness £jid almost unbearable suffering.
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS.
"Tea, father is a reformed man," she said.
"'and our friends think it a miracle that I
cured Mm without his knowledge or consent.
I had read bow Mrs. Kate Lynch of 329 Ellis
St.. -an Francisco. Cal., had cured her hus-
ft -j:.d by using a remedy secretly in his coffee
land food and I wrote to Dr. Ualnes for a trial.
'When it came I rut some in father's coffee
and fosd and watched him closely, but he
couldn't tell the difference, so I kept it up.
"One morning father «rot up and said he was
hungry. This was a good sign as he rarely ate
much breakfast. He went away and when he
came l»ome at noon perfectly sober I was al-
most Irantic with joy, as I hadn't seen him
sober before for half a day in over fourteen
years. After dinner he sat down in the big easy
chair and said, 'Edith. I don't know what has
come over me, but I hate the eight and smell
of li<H-or and arc going to stop drinking for-
ever.' This was too much for me and I told
him then what I had done. Well we both had a
food cry, and now we have the happiest home
and the kindest father you can imagine. lam
co glaJ you will publish this experience for it
will reach many others and let them know
about that wonderful Golden Specific."
Dr. Haines, the discoverer, will send a sam-
ple of thit grand remedy free to all who will
write for it- Enouch of the remedy is mailed
free tD show how it Is used in tea, coftee or
food, and that it will cure the dreaded habit
quiet!;.- and permanently. Send your name and
address to Dr. J. W. Haines, 2079 Glenn Build-
ing. Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
In a I'laln wrapper, also full direction* how to
use It. books and testimonials from hundreds
•who have been cured, and everything needed to
aid you ln saving those near and dear to you
from a. life of degradation and ultimate pov-
erty t.nd disgrace.
Senc 1 for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
V \
/"-s. Rupture Cured. \
(\ A The celebrated California In- 1
it i" ¦' I^l sector, Dr. Pierce, discovered f
(tf*yl^t that the onU remedy for P.np-
*S V-Tl ture is Electricity, and in per-
*- W^SBm Acting hie wonderful Electro-
¦Zxa, A* *¦ *&9 5\ Magnetic Ttusb and estab-
gppj^# v^WagS^ liehinc its sale throughout
*> Vdh B^ ' tbe world, he gave to euf-
lV.WPH3S»ift fercrsf.rointbisdangp.rouß
< V V^A^^^» milady the relief and »•-
v-j curity vainly Bought for
%iHr' elsewhere. This renowned
•s*J*S^-ijiJi» appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on the
rapt ired part* is quick and effective Cur*.
accomplished by its use are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured investigate at . oiiwl Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. i.
Addi*ss Magnetic Truss Co.. 1145 Broadway (near
tit. ;, New York, or2QS Poet St..
>ffi^DEWEY,STRONG &CO. i^SV
£ .^patents! J
%^^32o MARKET ST. SF.
> NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEA.RNY AND WASHINGTON BTB.— BE-
modeled end renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to fl BO day;
at to 58 week; JS to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
•very room; elevator runs all night.
REARDON REITERATES TRUTH
OF CHARGES AGAINST SCHMITZ
TO the Editor of The Call: As there is much discussion appearing ln
the newspapers as to the loyalty of the union cause shown by the
men who signed the protest against E. E. Schmitz, I deslde to sub
mit the following facts:
Ip to May 20 of this year, when the iron trades strike was de
clared, I was a marine steamfltter, for three years being employed
in the shops of Taylor, Adams & Pritchard, 12 Market street, and Delano Bros.,
21 Spear street, who paid me $3 50 per day for nine hours' work. Since the
strike commenced I have been acting as business agent for my union with
out any pay whatever. Xot as much as one cent of benefit money has ever
reached my pocket, as I have preferred to let men of family and those more
is need than myself be the ones to receive any benefits that were coming.
My union elected me to represent it in the Iron Trades Council, in which or
ganization I am a member of the executive committee.
I have always done my best to further the interests of the iron workers
in this strike, having acted on almost every committee for raising money,
arranging meetings, etc In all truth and fairness 1 can claim that there is
no man ln our strike who has its interests more at heart than myself, or who
wants to see the rights of the iron trades men protected more than I do. I
came out on this strike from the very beginning and will stay out until the
very end. I was born here in San Francisco and 1 challenge any man to con
nect me -with any dishonorable acts during my life, and I will say right here
that any information that properly belongs to any union man that I am con
nected with will always be forthcoming without fear or favor. Now, sir, the
above are facts. I signed that protest with others and lam willing to stand
by it, and it ill behooves those questioning any person's loyaity to unionism
who simply states what is true. Very respectfully yours,
San Francisco, Nov. 2, 1901. T. A. REARDON.
at the hands of ¦union men. If you elect me as
your Major 1 assure you I will do everything
in my power to make the conditions of work
ing-men better than they are. We will give the
city a wise and conservative government and
one of which we will feel proud when our terms
expire. We need your help and 1 sincerely .trust
that after next Tuesday we will strike terror
into the hearts at professional politicians and
corrupt bosses.
The labor candidates next appeared it
"Wackenrueder's Hall, at Wool and Eu
genia streets, where a small crowd was
in attendance. At this point a plasterer
named Conlon attacked P. H. McCarthy
of the Building Trades Council for his at
titude toward the labor ticket. He de
clared that McCarthy was a dictator
whose word was utterly unworthy of cre
dence. When Schmitz rose to speak he
•was cheered with considerable enthusi
asm. He said in part:
The union laboring men of the city should
rally to the support of the Labor ticket on
Tuesday. They should not be influenced by the
articles appearing in the papers concerning the
labor candidates, for all of them are inspired
and paid for by the capitalists who control the
opposition parties. Our candidates are as hon
GREAT GROWTH
OF THE WEST
Wonderful Strides Are
Made Within Louis
iana Purchase.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The ap
proaching centennial celebration of the
Louisiana purchase has suggested to the
treasury bureau of statistics the compila
tion o" some data Regarding the present
condition and productions of the territory
included within that purchase. This> state
ment shows that the land area of the
Louisiana purchase exceeds that of the
original thirteen States, being 564,»i4
square miles, against a total land area
of 820,944 square miles in the original
thirteen States. The States and Territor- !
ies which have been created in whole or \
in part from its area .number fourteen, I
and their population in 1900 was 14.705.616, i
against a population of less than 100,000 ,
in the, territory at the time of its pur
chase. Their total area is nearly one
third that of the entire Union, and their
population about one-fifth that of the en
tire United States.
They produced in 1890 164,000,000 bushels
of wheat and In 1900 264,000,000 bushels, at
a value in 1900 of $152,000,000, their total
wheat production being over 50 per cent
of that of the entire United States. They
produced 603,000,000 bushels of corn in 18H0
and 1,013,000,000 bushels in 1900, with a
value in 1900 of $314,000,000, their total corn
crop forming in 1890 40 per cent and in 1900
48 per cent of the total corn crop of the
United States. Of oats they produced in
1900 311,000,000 bushels, or 38 per cent of
the total product of the country, with a
valuation of $71,000,000. Their production
of barley in 1900 was valued at over ?10,
00,000, and of rye over $2,000,000; while
their production of potatoes in 1900
amounted to over $25,000,000, that of hay
$130,000,000 and that of cotton $50,000,000 in
value. The total value of the agricultural
products of the States formed from the
Louisiana purchase, including in that cat
egory simply wheat, corn, oats, barley,
rye, hay potatoes and cotton, was in IS9O
-',000. and In 1900 $755,000,000. The wool
product of these States amounted to 61,
871.357 pounds in 18&4 and in 1900 to 100,
396,982, or 35 per cent of the total wool
product of the country, with an estimated
value of about $15,000,000, or equal to the
cost of the entire area. The value of the
! farm animals in these States in IS9O was
?772.00Ci,000. and in 1900 $825,000,000. Add to
these easily measured farm products the
estimated value of the wool, the sugar,
the dairy and. poultry products and the
proportion of the livestock annually
j turned into provisions and It may be
I safely estimated that their agricultural
j products during a single year amount to
one hundred times the original cost of
the area, or. In other words, that Its cost
is repaid by 1 per cent of the agricultural
productions of each recurring year.
The product of the mines is also very
great. The coal produced in this area in
1«# amounted to 22,000.000 tons, against
14.000.W0 in 1890; the iron ore to 8,491.000
tons in 1900. against 1,269.000 tons in 1890;
the silver product of 1899 was $50,300,768
in coinage value, against $44,799,998 in 1890,
and gold, $37,712,400 in 1899, against $10,
650,000 in 1890.
The prosperity shown by these figures
Is further evidenced by the banking in
| Etitutions of the States formed from this
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSEM
Hitters
There is no m.-d cine in the
world so gooJ for stomach com-
plaints as the Bitters. It cure :
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, Biliousness, Malaria,
lever and Ague.
A lair trial will convince you.
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
est as any that can be placed in nomination
anywhere. They are all hard-working men and
they represent the class to* which I am happy to
saj- I belong. I have been selected to represent
the whole people and not a class. I believe in
equal privileges to all and special privileges to
none. If 1 am elected Mayor I will see to It
that your section is not neglected. You should
not fail to vote the Labor ticket straight on
Tuesday next, and I leave the issue in your
hands.
The next place visited was a meeting of
the Thirty-first District Club at Harrt
gan's Hall, at Eighth and Folsom streets.
Schmitz was well received here, and when
called upon to speak delivered the address
quoted above. Teutonia Hall, at Ninth
and Howard streets, was then visited,
w-ere Schmitz addressed tne boxmakers,
who were giving a party to their women
friends. He again alluded to the attacks
made against him by a hostile press and
urged his hearers not to pay any atten
tion to what he termed "campaign lies
which are paid for." Other speakers
were Messrs. Eagan, Daughney, Kugler,
Getchell, Kenney and Roberts. At the
conclusion of his speech at this hall
Schmitz retired to his home.
TURKEY YIELDS
TO THE FRENCH
Sultan Again Promises
to Pay All Demands
Made.
PARIS. Nov. 2.— The dispatch of Ad
miral Caillard's squadron from Toulon to
Turkish waters has already had its ef
iect. The French Foreign Office to-day
received a telegram from M. Bapst,
Councillor of the French Legation at Con
stantinople, announcing that the Sultan
yesterday sent him a message accepting
all the trench claims, including the Lor
endo claim. The Porte also telegraphed
to the French Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, If. Del Casse, informing him that
the Lorendo claim had been settled and
that the Sultan had signed an irade ac
cepting the figure nxed by France for the
payment of the claim. M.. Del Casse pro
ceeded to the Elysee Palace and to the
Ministry of the Interior, and consulted
with President Loubet, the Premier, M.
Waldeck-Rousseau, and the Minister of
Marine, M. de Lanessan. He afterward
had another conference with M. Waldeck-
Rousseau. It is said the French Govern
ment also demands an undestanding that
Turkey will not renew the recent interfer
ence with the diplomatic mail bags.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Rome says that the
second division of the Italian Mediter
ranean squadron has started for Turkey,
that the object is said is to counterbal
ance the French naval demonstrations.
PROTECTORATE OVER SYRIA.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— A World special
from Paris says: France demands a vir
tual protectorate over Syria as compensa
tion for the attempt made upon her pres
tige in the East by Turkey. This is in
addition to the satisfaction of all her
other claims against the Sublime Porte.
Information received through the Turk
ish Embassy confirms the report that
the Sultan has accepted all the French
claims, including the Lorando claim. But
the French Government will not accept
this settlement, and now requires the fu.
ther satisfaction of the protectorate over
Syria. An official of the Foreign Office
said to-day:
"The Sultan is mistaken if he imagines
that he can arrest the march of our war
ships by such expedients."
Meanwhile the warship activity at Tou
lon continues and the French squadron is
proceeding toward Turkey for the purpose
of making a naval demonstration. Bey
rout is now said to be the objective point.
territory. Their capital stock amounted
in 1900 to over $80,000,000: their circulation
to $36,600,000 in 1900, against $15,644,000 in
1890; their loans and discounts to $317,563 -
00 in 1900, against $269,016,000 in IS9O, and
their total resources, $1,099,111,000 in 1900
against $746,903,000 in 1890; while a still
more gratifying evidence of the prosperity
of this section is in the fact that Individ
ual deposits in national banks in 1900
amounted to $329,699,000, against $216,609,000
in 1890, an increase of more than $110,000,
00 in individual deposits during the de
cade.
A study of educational conditions shows
equally rapid and gratifying development.
The pupils enrolled in the public schools
in the States in auestion in 1890 num
bered 2,580,495, and in 1899, 3,161,112; the
teachers emrjloyed numbered in 1890 89 -
58, and in 1899, 102.202, and the expendi
tures for public schools in 1890 was $30 -
284,752, and in 1899, $37,185,881. The num
ber of pupils in attendance at high schools
in 1899 was 113,847. with 4937 teachers; at
normal schools, 15,843 students, with 625
teachers, and at higher educational insti
tutions, 40,249 students, with 3925 teachers
The total figures for schools and educa
tional institutions in the fourteen States
formed from the Louisiana purchase
show: Teachers in IS9O, 95,365; in 1599, 111 -
689; attendance in 1890, 2,670,541; in 1899
3,331,051.
The number of newspapers and period
icals published in this area in 1890 was
4759. and in 1900, 5618; the number of post
offices in 1890, 12.919, and in 1900, 16,228
the miles of railway in operation in 1890
numbered 51.823, and in 1899, 59,324, or 31
per cent of the total railway mileage of
the country.
The power of this vast area, with its
agricultural and mineral wealth, to sus
taian a population much greater than that
which it now supports is suggested by a
comparison of its area with the area and
population of the prosperous countries of
Europe. The total area of the Louisiana
purchase (including land and water sur
face) is 875.025 square miles, and Is slight
ly less than that of the United Kingdom
the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany'
France, Spain, Italy and Switzerland,
whose total area is 885.978 square miles
with a present population of 202.363.573 as
against a present population of 14,708,616
In the territory under consideration,
whose agricultural and mineral possibil
ities fully equal those of the European
states named.
WELLS CLOSES
HIS CAMPAIGN
IN ONE SPEECH
Railroad Candidate for
Mayor Talks to Small
Crowd at Twin Peaks
Gives Audience Nothing
of His Opinions and
Ignores Vital Issues
ASA R. WELLS closed his cam
paign last evening with a speech
addressed to eighty-four voters
of the Thirty-sixth District,
who gathered in Twin Peaks
Hall, Noe and Seventeenth
streets. The railroad candidate
for Mayor again avoided any reference to
the vital issues of the campaign and in
formed his slim audience that if the mem
bers desired to learn anything as to his
opinions they might do so by reading "his
policy of administration," which Southern
PEcific wire pullers have put forward for
him.
The fight of Wells to be elected Mayor
of San Francisco ended in the faint ap
plause of a few admirers and a crowd of
little boys.
The speech made by Mr. Wells was as
follows:
My Friends: I did not Intend to go out at all
this evening, but I was urged to do so by some
friends in this district, where I have a great
many eood, substantial friends. It Is not ex
pected that I am to say much about the Is
sues. That, I think, has been fully gone over.
My views are In print for everybody to read,
and I believe that you will be in perfect ac
cord with my intentions should I be elected.
I have been through this distirct some con
siderable within the last two or three weeks
and it is changed so very materially from the
days when I used to drive here and keut in
perfect touch with the improvements an>l
growth of this Important part of the city that
I hardly knew many faces that were familiar
to me. and I assure you that the district —
that the prospect it has for the future should
receive attention, and it will be my endeavor
should I be elected — which I will be — to en
courage your Supervisor from this district In
any good imiJrovement. I promise you that I
will not neglect you in the least in any matter
where I have anything to say about It. I ex
pect to hear good reports from this district on
election day. I am told by many substantial
Republicans in this district that they will poll
a very large Republican vote, and I believe it.
That being the case, why you certainly will be
entitled to a Republican administration, gen
tlemen, if for no other reason. There has been
something said about taking up railroad tracks.
I think if you will follow my published views
in regard to those things that you will see
that I have given the matter some attention
and that I will be your friend In whatever
course you will eventually wish to pursue in
that matter. I thank you.
The meeting was also addressed by
John Farnham, P. J. Gray, J. F. Ahearn,
Harry Baehr, William Offerman, Thomas
W. Collins, Char!*s A. Lcrtv, Js M. Wll
kins and John Lackmann.
SCHMITZ IS NOT INDORSED
BY THE LABOR COUNCIL
Organization Follows Policy of the
American Federation and Keeps
Out of Politics.
The following communication from th<?
Labor Council sets at rest the assertions
made that the organization has given ita
indorsement to the candidacy of Eugene
E. Schmitz for Mayor:
To the Editor of The Call.— Sir: The Labor
Council, following the policy laid down by the
American Federation of Labor, has always re
fused to place itself on record for or against
any political parties. But here it ought to
be stated that again and again some inter
national unions affiliated with the American
Federation of Labor have by resolutions urged
upon their members independent political ac
tion. Following that policy a number of local
unions have Indorsed the Union Labor party.
So when a motion Friday night was made at
the regular weekly meeting of the Labor
Council to indorse the Union Labor party,
President Michael Casey refused to entertain
the motion, holding that such matters are out
side of the adopted policy of the American
Federation of Labor and thus outside of the
policy of the San Francisco Labor Council, the
local agent of the Federation. The president
stated In support of his ruling that a number
of affiliated unions had. as it was within their
province, indorsed the Union Labor party, and
•that the Labor Council was not called upon
nor should act on such matters. The dele
gates sustained the chair in his ruling.
This statement is issued because interested
parties are trying to mislead the pubflc as
to the intent of the Labor Council's action
on this matter. I am, yours truly,
ED. ROSENBERG.
Secretary San Francisco Labor Council.
San Francisco, November 2, 190 L
Candidates Worthy of Support
The affairs of the Coroner's office have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
w The square peg in the round hole"
figuratively expresses the use of means
unsuited to the desired end. A great
many people who have been cured of
dyspepsia and other diseases of the stom-
ach and its allied organs of digestion and
nutrition by the use of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery say : "We tried many
medicines with only temporary benefit.
It was not until we began the use of
'Golden Medical Discovery' that we
found a complete and lasting cure."
It is undoubtedly true that Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery holds the*rec-
ord for the perfect and permanent cure
of indigestion and other diseases of the
stomach and associated organs of diges-
tion and nutrition. It is not a palliative.
It cures the cause of disease and builds
up the body with solid healthy flesh, not
flabby fat.
"It is witlf pleasure that I tell you what Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pellets'
have done for me," writes Mr 9. T. M. Palmer, of
Peede, Kaufman Co., Texas. "Two years asro I
was taken -with stomach and bowel trouble.
Everything I ate would put me in distress. I
lived two weeks on milk and even that gave me
pain. I felt as thoujjh I would starve to death.
Three doctors attended me — one said I had dys-
pepoia, two said catarrh of the stomach and
bowels. They attended me (one at a time) for
one year. I stopped taking their medicine and
tried other patent medicine ; got no better, and
I grcr so weak and nervous my heart would
flutter. I could not do any kind of work. Now
I can do my house work very well ; am gaining
in flesh and strength, and can eat anything I
want."
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery.
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth bound
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy SWAMP-ROOT Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of THE CALL May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
_^^^=^. e§os^ ' W° men as Veil as Men Are Made
/ «siw"2&» »a* -E§ '¦'' W^l * Mr ¦^SyZ ii£§ isS&t fUm* I \ Ifc used to be considered that only uri-
J^^Jtfk -^*TJIT Jl / vV\ /\ '//Msßm 'ifiK^BlSS $ I tw- .vSjf||3f ,\\ science proves that nearly all diseases
<£\^uwO^3'j (^ /\>C/^^^>^/^^ >^^>V~^^T (srs fected, and how every organ seems to fall
g p/^^>^ E y e H!£^ If you are slck or "f i badly," begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr.
TO READERS OF THE CALL: Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
"About 18 months ago I had a very sever© spell of sickness. I was extremely sick your kidneys are well they will help all
for three weeks, and when I finally was able to leave my bed I was left with excruciating th .„,.. nrean , to health. A trial will
pains in my back. My water at times looked very like coffee. I could pass but little at the other organs to nealtn. A trial Will
a time, and then only after suffering- great pain. My physical ¦ condition was such that I convince any one.
and w O hne T th and *" *" r : Un dd ° Wn - The doctors said - my kldneyS We " not affeCted ' Many women suffer unfold misery because
Did Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble, the nature of their disease it not correctly
I somehow felt certain that my kidneys were the cause of my trouble. My sister, Mrs. i, ni i, r *tnnA' in mntt ** c c tU*,, ant UA in
C. E. LJttlefleld of Lynn, advised me to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I pro- understood, m most cas.S they are .ed to
cured a bottle and Inside of three days commenced to get relief. I followed up- that bottle b'luve that womb trouble cr female weakness
with another, and at the completion of this one found I was completely cured. My strength , . ... J . ,
returned and to-day I am as well as ever. My business Is that of canvasser. lam on my of somi sort is responsible for their mam'
feet a great deal of the time, and have to use much energy in getting around. My cure ¦ !,,„ ,-_ *„-* j;*nrA,*;A~ HA*,*»* art tha
is therefore all the more remarkable, and is exceedingly gratifying to me." " /5 > wlten m J act dtsordend kidn*ys are the
. yy jf j %4? /? chief cause of their distressing troubles.
17 High Rock st., Lynn. Mass. '*W*«-'^(2-* / K /f/l^C*'l/~ Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy
: . - - or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
Swamp-Root So Pleasant to Take. Made a New Woman of Me. tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the
"You have no Idea how. well I feel.' lam "During three years I was frequently at- back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
satisfled that Ido not need any more medicine, tacked with severe spells of sickness; many of tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine,
as I am in as good health as I ever was ln these sick spells kept me in bed. dangerously with «*trnn<>- ndnr frprmpnt desire tn na^«
my life." So says Mrs. Mary Engelhard of ill. from three weeks to three months, under WU , s ir on 0 oaor - rrequent uesire to pat*.
2835 Madison street, St. Louis, Mo., to a re- the constant care of the best physicians of xt night or day. with scalding or burning
porter of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat- . Kansas City. The doctors never told me I sensation — these are all unmistakable
"For more than ten years I suffered with had anything the matter of my kidneys, but signs of kidney and bladder trouble
what the doctors termed female trouble: also I did not know for sure. - •• ... ,_ „_„ . Vl . ,_ . «,.- ™"i~ 1
heart trouble, with swelling of the feet and '-Some doctors pronounced my case gall U there is an doubt in your mind as
limbs. Last summer I felt so badly that I stones, and said I could not live without a sur- to your condition, take from your urine
thought I had not long to live. I consulted gleal operation, to which I would never con- on rising about four ounces place It in
doctor after doctor and took their medicines, sent. A friend suggested I try Dr. Kilmer's „ „!„„„ ,L>!l;»i«, „..,* i«» 4* Z\JLa *L 1 V
but felt no better. A friend recommended me Swamp-Root. I began to take Swamp-Root a * 1a33 or bottle and let !t stand twent y-
to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and I must regularly, and when I had used only three 50- four hours. If on examination it is milky
say I derived Immense benefit almost from the cent bottles I felt fine and was able to do more or cloudy if there is a brick dust settling
first. week. I continued the medicine, taking work- than I had done in four years. It has or if «. ma D artlcles float about in it your
it regularly, and lam now in splendid health, made a new woman of me. I have had only or " &man Particles noat aDout in 11, yout
The pains and aches have all gone. I have one slight attack since I began to take Swamp- kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
recommended Swamp-Root to all my friends, Root, and that was caused by being drenched tion
and told them what it has done for me. I with rain and catching /old. Stomach trouble Ot " h " „„„„,.„„ -*.*¦„*„* that you need
will gladly answer any one who desires to write had bothered me for iears and had become Other "y™? 401113 snowing that you need
me regarding my case. I most heartily indorse chronic. I am now 44 years of age and feel Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness,
Swamp-Root from every standpoint. There is much younger than I did ten years ago. I irregular heart breathlessness. sallow,
such a pleasant taste to Swamp-Root, and it freely give this testimonial for the benefit of unhealthy cominlexlon Dlentv of am
goes right to the weak spots and drives them those who have suffered as I have unhealthy complexion, plenty or ambi-
out of the system." , - tion, but no strength.
- '%*,',;/%, f J* />J y Mid hi &* > aJ&**u' Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
/TV^d stt^x^&Hpt^A&^C Proprletress oTcrisweli 'House. 211 W Fifth USed ln the leading hos P ital3 . recoDQ -
<* st.. Kansas City. Mo. * mended by physicians in their private
: ¦ ¦ — — • practice, and is taken by doctors them-
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Sent Free. tZJTSSZSZ^SS^S^
the" fa a frVee oMt * in vnnVSZ? f Wdne % llver or bladder trouble, or if science has ever been able to compound.
Bin^^ If you are already convinced that
to you, a sample bottle of the wonderful remedy, Swamp-Root and a book con Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
taming many of the housands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
B g^nerrsTffe^nfhe^an W^S^kuSSaPS^j be sure tO say that >° U rea " douar bottles at the *"* 3tores every -
¦— —^ where.
been creditably directed by Dr. T. W. B.
Leland, a physician of high standing.
He is a candidate for re-election and de
serves the support of his fellow citizens.
It is a strong point In his favor that
leading physicians of the city commend
him to the voters.
A. B. Mahony is making an active cam
paign for County Clerk and all the signs
point to his election. He is popular and
capable, and more than that, understands
tho office, having given years of faithful
service to that department of the munici
pal government.
John E. McDougald, nominee for Treas
urer, is highly indorsed by men who are
familiar with his record as a citizen. He
Is a son of a distinguished ex-Governor
of California and is well known as the
capable treasurer of the Building Trades
Council of San Francisco. He is entitled
to the support of voters on account of his
integrity and capability.
Citizens are called upon to elect two
Police Judges. Two of the candidates de
serve especial commendation. Frank P.
Haynes and A. J. Fritz ought to be elect
ed, because they possess judicial ability
and special fitness.
Politics should not be considered in the
selection of Police Judges. Character
and general fitness sfiould be kept in
mind.
Laborer Killed by Train.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— James Lents, a
painter, residing at 2115 Fifth street, West
Berkeley, was killed instantly this after
noon at about 4:50 o'clock by being struck
by a Southern Pacific overland train on
Third street, near Posen Station. His
neck, left forearm, left shoulder and left
leg were broken. The killing was acci
dental. Lenis has no relatives here so far
as known. He was a native of Baltimore,
aged about 60 years. The inquest will be
held at the Branch Morgue in this city at
a time to be set..
Dr. Gladding Sues for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— Dr. Charles F.
Gladding, a well known physician of
Berkeley, began suit to-day for a divorce
from Ida Easton Gladding, whom he
charges with desertion. Dr. Gladding and
his wife have been separated for some
time on account of differences, and the
suit was not unexpectefl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WM¥IMEN!~
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
toAll Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
lor years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. "It is a home
treatment, and- all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. RAD WAT & CO., New York.
DR. ZELMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ROCKETS WILL
TELL RESULTS
OF ELECTION
WATCH for signals
from the doi._. of
The Call building
telling the result of
the municipal election. As soon
as the returns show to a cer
tainty the choice of the people
for Mayor rockets will be sent
up, telling by their color who
has been chosen. If Tobin is
elected white rockets will be
set off. If Schmitz be the win
ner the signals will be red. If
Wells be chosen green rockets
will tell the story. Remember
the signals:
TOBIN" WHITE
SCHMITZ ............. RED
WEXXS GREEN
Bulletins giving election
news from all over the country
as well as . locally will be
thrown upon a screen in front
of The Call building by '¦ a
stereopticon. ' ,
TRUSTEES FAVOR THE
TELEPHONE FIRE AT.A-R.ivr
Committee From Berkeley Board Re
ports System Entirely Feasible.
Recommends Its Cheapness.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— A special com
mittee on fire alarms reported last night :
at the Trustees' meeting that the tele
phone system of alarm was entirely feas
ible and about half as expensive as the
regular system. The committee was in- '
structed to confer with the telephone ':
company and find the expense of having
"central" turn alarms Into the fire houses
when the office Is rung up.
The proposed system provides that each ;
firehouse shall be connected with the cen- ,
tral telephone station by a private circuit, j
When an alarm Is turned into central i
from any residence telephone the operator
indicates to the flrehouses the location of
the blaze. The estimated cost of the sys
tem is less than $3000. Bids for supplying
the town with alarm apparatus of the 1
regular sort were rejected and the spe- '
cial committee, composed of Trustees |
Rlckard. HofC and President Marston,
was Instructed to report on the telephone
service at the next meeting.
Should the telephone t»e adopted the
money saved will be spent in securing
fire apparatus.
Injured by Falling From a Car.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— Mrs. J. B. Henley
of 2036 Bancroft way had the right side
of her head badly cut and her right shoul
der and arm severely bruised late last
night by stepping from an electric car
while it was in motion and being thrown
heavily to the ground. Her head was cut
by striking the step of the car as she
fell. The accident occurred at Center
street and Mrs. Henley was removed to
Dr. H. N. Rowell's office. Shortly after
midnight she was taken to her residence,
where she is now resting easily.
Transaction Was Straight.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Superior Court
of this county has decided that the sale of
property by J. S. Meyers, a well known
Oakland real estate dealer, to Mrs. Flora
Loughead was perfectly straight. Mrs.
Loughead thought that Meyers had made
a $400 commission on the sale and brought
suit for part of it. Meyers proved that
he had purchased the property many
months before the sale was made to Mrs.
Loughead and that he had made $350
worth of improvements upon it, so that
his actual profit was $50 on the transac
tion. Judge Ells-worth found with Mr.
Meyers on every point.
Snowstorm at Omaha.
OMAHA, Nov. 2.— The first snow storm
of the season struck here at 8 a. m. to
day, accompanied by a col* north wind.
During the afternoon an inch of rain fell
and later snow descended. The tempera
ture has fallen forty degrees since 3
o'clock.
Burglars Make Small Haul.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— Burglars entered
the Children's Home Finding Society
building at the corner of Grove and Rus
sel streets last night and secured $11 in
cash from the room of Rev. H. W. Bray
ton, State superintendent of the society.
Hts clothes and those of his son, Harol'l
Brayton. ¦were carried from their room to
the kitchen and the money taktn from
them there. Neither of the sleepers was
awakened. Entrance to the house was
gained by picking the lock In the back
door.
BKATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
You Require Durable
Shoes in Winter.
Ladies, a sho*» you don't see every
day. Neat, well made, durable, and
yet cheap. Just note the price, n.-50,
in button or lace. Just the shoe for
fall and ¦winter; made up in box
calf, with straight vamps, coin toes
and tips and heavy soles. Sizes ZVz
to 8; widths C to E. The price only
*1.50
Boys' and Youths' Alaska Seal
Lace Shoes. Guaranteed water-
proof and solid as a rock; every
pair warranted.
Youths' sizes, 11 to 2 SU.SO
Boys' sizes, 2^ to 5H *1.7."»
Country orders solicited.
Bring the children with you when H
you buy shoes. We always have a %
toy to give them.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
WRITTEN ENDORSEMENTS FROM
MORE THAN
8,000 PHYSICIANS.
AH Druggists. Befuse Substitutes.
2324
1 OUR FIRST GREAT TOWEL SALEj
I BEGINS HERE TO-MORROW. i;
1 6000 Dozen German and Irish Towels at a Big Sacrifice,
. To-morrow will witness the beginning' of the GREATEST TOWEL SALE ever held in this .city, a money-saving event of special in-.-"g
\ * terest to economical housewives that they will not soon forget. This 1. • — — __^_— _— ¦¦ <31 !
-^ ALL-OVER LACES tremendous purchase, of about 6000 dozen in all, embraces every OCp Qjll/ Mnrppn 00 A Vfl 3l
y= 0V SPECIAL SALE MONDAY. I desirable sort of Towels from the best German and Irish Towel mar.- Www OIIIV lIIUICuII < "iP lIE
£1 Sample pieces closed out at a great ufacturers, that w« closed out at a big loss from the largest New MONDAY UUU ¦ U -m
•»- sacrifice. York Linen. Importer, who found himself overstocked. Our ready A great special purchase goes on -^
r . ec^ n^o^^t s^° V r^uVr h^ nn c d cash and our willingness tO invest heavily brought these Towels QuSlty^e^offerefaf l^ "rile. *In J
.fc value $1.00; Monday Yard OOC here AT THE MOST REMARKABLE PRICE CONCESSIONS ever he leading colorings, with fancy satin 3
Z Point de Venice in cream and ecru. known to the trade. The qualities and the styles are beyond ques- stripes; a choice material " for petti- "^
!-E Wort^Shiri l^. and * 1<75 - tion the finest that have ever been shown on this coast, and whether Eday^^..^^.T.^ySd 33C 2
•g- — - — — ———^— — — — — —^— you are in immediate need of Towels or not, you, cannot afford to * ; :: — — ————— —:^
fc: miss this sale, for the opportunity to save is extraordinary. Here we present a few items of the many on sale.
£ GERMAN HUCK TOWELS. IRISH LINEN TOWELS, LINEN HUCK TOWELS. TURKISH TOWELS. a
S^: Linen Huck Towele. already hemmefl. Linen Huck Towels, a good heavy grade; • Hemstitched Huck Towels, pure linen, Bleached Turkish Towels, very absorbent, ;^
m*- •with r*d and blue borders; size |S/> size 17x32; regular value 15c. Sale tf\r> with fancy damask patterns; size 20x40; with a dainty Initial; worth 25c. f ft 2 r» *""•
Jfcl 19xS6; worth 20c. At Each lUV price Each lUv worth $4 00 dozen. On sale at Q£^£ Sale price Each ¦V»3V» —»•
y German Huck Towels, with pretty dam- . ¦ • Each «vv Dcuble-threaded Bath Towels, elegant -^
s^: ask borders of white and red; siz<(EO.OO Linen Huck Towels, with white and red Extra heavy Linen Huck Towels, hemmed quality; size 24x54; well worth 35c. Q^./-» -^
9- ISx36; worth $2 50 a doz. • At...DoztJJ.*r borders; size. 18x34; already |Q 1 /-» ready for use; size 21x40; good ICQ- 5 " On special sale at Each ¦*>">• r^
£r: Extra heavy Unen Towels, in pretty hemmed; worth 16 2-3 c. At.. Each 1 £'*>* value at $4 50 doz. Sale price. Doz. «J>O — ¦• Extra heavy double-threaded Turkish «g
•" fancy borders of light blue, red and white; . . • Hemstitched Linen Huck Towels, extra Bath Towels; already hemmed; size 24x48; —^
g~ a durable towel; size 20x40; good O£Cf German Huck Towels, hand loom, sott heavy and very durable; size 22x42; im- worth ?6 00 dozen. Special atOO'/-» —^
»- value $4 dosen. At Each .mmtJ\r finish quality, already hemmed; CO^' ported to sell at $6 00 a dozen. £I/4- 00 Each OO3v :^
, . size 20x3S; worth f3 00. ..Doz. «J> -£. Sale price Dozen «J?T .< • _^ ,
%¦ .yurijcr «ai r — TWO GREAT BLACK SILK ITEMS 3
I IMMENSE SALE EXTRAORDINARY SILK OFFER MONDAY. RQo Yprfl
fc OF $1.50, $1.25 end $1.00 SILKS FOR . / U.Ull IQIU j^' t^itSS 3
? rurrTP For to-morrow's special selling we present a truly remarkable Silk offering that you "l help-to do It. . -y' ¦ ¦'¦} ' ~~m
I" I V must take advantage of,. This season's choice Novelty Silks, about 1200 yards in all, $|.5O Black PeaU de Sole $I.IP.
*^" *-'¦¦•—¦— ¦ *-»• . - comprising Persian?, Fancy Taffetas and Serpentine Taffeta, in light, medium and dark j5j 5 pj ece «, extra heavy and very lustrous ""•
S: The superiority of these Sheets is due effects : ,suits,!£, suit 5, !£ 'w WAISTS. DRESSES and PETTICOATS; silks that sold up (»Q C Peau de Sole, a grand silk for skirt or S\
Z not alone to their heavy, firm quality, but l " now for * x 50 - * ! -'' and t 1 °° >' a rd : t0 . be offered for to-morrow only at. .lard Vi/V enl , re cogtume Urpoeea . every yard guar- — •
also to Improved weaving and bleaching, • anteed to give perfect satisfaction; a regu- •*+*
•*" Insuring a permanent pure white Instead HHDC II I Oil 1/ PDCDC RC OUIIICO IT OP^ V-»-, A lar ?1 50 Quality. To-morrow on <£1-1» — •
fj K«^r mferior MURt ALL-SILK CKEPt lib GHINtS AT 85c Yard. gyj™ 'tii^^stnS: 3
«¦— 54xP'i Sheets, worth 45c, for 39e each The second shipment has arrived of these beautiful and soft evening Silks— no silk 12 pieces brilliant Swiss Taffeta, fully 27 "^
*" 63x90 Sheets, worth Sue. for 42e each fabric for evening wear is more popular than Crepe de Chine. An opportunity to choose inches wide, a magnificent quality, very --•
5^ TWO Sheets, worth Be, for 4Tc each from the very latest colorings. Including Light Blue, Pink, Old Rose, Reseda, Mais, lustrous, absolutely fast black dye; was -^
»- SlxSO Sheets, -worth 60c, for 49e each Kile, Tan. Gobelin, Lavender, Cardinal, Turquoise, White, Cream and Black. QPt^" Imported to sell at $1 10. To-mor- DR/> -5
g— 90x^0 Sheets, worth Be, for 54c each A high-grade quality; sold elsewhere at $1 00. Monday ...Yard Otlv row v. Yard OOv -^
i Phenomenal Sale of Sl.oo Colored Dress Goods. $2.25 Black Venetian and Broadcloth $1.45 i
mZ "W> Inaugurate to-morrow another extraordinary sale of colored Dress Goods that will MONDAY. » Yard *• Z^m
SE^i^^lftn^irS^ Tor q t^ B These are cloth, of an unusual character and were 'manufactured by the leading 3
j£ —-, of the highest order, in the most popular weaves and In the latest colorings. »£««& W^i™ T^ a^t,^ ?^^£^2^-<&&-£$^t^ 3
% 44-Inch Panne Henriettas, Satin Prunella, All-Wool Melrose every Jard considered sood value at 1225 On -«• here tomorrow 3
Z In All These Colorings and Black: EXTRA SPECIAL FOR MONDAY.
m ~ Cardinal Old Rose New Blue g^ * An Brown Lavender Golden Brown SCO yards 38-lnch All-Wool Venetians, In ten of the leading shades, suitable for "Wrap- ¦ ""«
»" Garnet Gobelin Navy JO I m%J%J Biscuit Reseda Green Vleux Rose pers and Children's School Dresses; a great Monday bargain. Your choice AAL -^
5^ Tan Mode Cadet *<** M. YARD Gray French Blue Black '..... Yard TTT-C :^
| WONDERFUL WAIST SELLING. A Grand Tailor-Made §m A Rousing %
•»- Our tremendous waist business • ¦ . W-W' - V*''
«fc demonstrates beyond question our igZt- Rarn^m ' : . ' \£T . '. Rl^lf Qrx|<& ~_ zZS
Zl superiority of styles and the very OUIt DdrgdlM. /^B^\ Dell. Odlt:. -•
5= low prices. For to-morrow's special j,^ . -. _. . I iT 1 \ A Belt Sale starts here to-morrow 3
z selling we will have ready for you RT* |#_ \\ C^ Worth VI A ' —the bargain surprise of the season. -^m
too exquisite and charming Silk Monday (ffBO * 525 00 |\I/y"/ A manufacturer's entire sample line
T~ Waists at V+rBVF EACH ' I jU and surplus stock of this season's^
£ $4,90 EaCh, To-morrow you will find a B u tuou3 bargain feast in our ' M fSJ*? ""i"? f^" ° f 3
tr _, .... , . £ , rioak and Suit Department that you don't want to miss. These \ A Belts, Closed OUt much below re«U-
•- I hey will have their nrst snowing phenomenal suit values make it well worth your while to come Willy « lar prices. Included are the latest -33
IST" to-morrow. Made by New York's here to-morrow. Every garment in this sale is made in abso- ¦ V \\\ ideas in Corded Silk Tucked Satin "^S
S= I.?™ ,i«h«u™ «f .!„> Koct T,f lutely the latest style, cut and finished in a perfectly reliable t M\\ ideas in Corded . 31 k. lucked l Satin,
leading waistmakers, of the best lal- manner. / - W\\ Leather and. Elastic studded with —•
feta, handsomely tucked, corded and . Ladies fine Tailored Suits, in ail wool Pebble Cheviot. Venetian I > •/\\ v ' Steel and Turauoise* also niatn
•— VAmrfltri,^- ~lr> -all /-«l«-c ,nrl nd Serges, in double-breasted Eton and Norfolk styles, dip ef- A~^^J kV\. «i i\r i urt UOISC > also » Pain
m^~ hemstitched. in all colors and feet The jackets are handsomely lined with Taffeta Piik, beauti- /^"TnT \ Black Velvet and -2
•k— black; Sizes 32 to 44. Great value at fully tailored and trimmed with Taffeta and Satin straps and Silk /'' / \\ I 1I 1 Black and White -casssSS^r-— — -^
SZ: 54. 00 Fach braid; the skirts have the latest graduated flounce effect, perfect V / V f c : - * • BSSSffiße^iSb -*»
ZI !-«"-» In hang: in colors of blue, brown and black; all «C 1 A -^L y^—^ CtleCt-S'in a MLwAmL HH r^
ANOTHER GREAT OFFERING IS Fi " - Great value at Each Ol O — >— ' • choice variety of rZ
fc FrOnrh Flannpk anfi Wa'l^tinO NF^W nRPQQ QICIRTQ On sale to-morrow a number of very gilt, oxidized and 13
y riKuljH llallllCld dllll nd'.bllll^b. IIfICVV UnCdO OIVIK IO striking adaptations from the very newest black buckles, to 3
JS= Our sales in this department are - AtsB.sOEach. models, inciudedrare and latest creations 'be sofd Is fol- '" >'^jP |F -' 1 ' ¦•• 12
wm^  , . :• •• , ~—^ » %&%jm%j\j .biMVIli in serpentine, corded ana effects; , • ;, . ¦•.' ¦ m^g
.5= extraordinary because we are con- .;•..... made of the finest v Cheviot?. Venetians lows: -<•
•*" Stantly planning to give you the best " nd Broadcloths: these are indeed very swell-looking Skirts. Marked .special C 0.50 • ¦ p, ¦ n » „_ , n p,,.v, 3
~Z of values. More Flannel Bargains . ..¦ : . * "'*' n.ite.fnr" 4<**» -p^u r^.
r Monday ' g\ ¦ * mwi I ¦%¦¦¦ ¦ r\ ¦ - ' Belts for 48c Each -^
I j£±ans* „ Our Tremendous Petticoat Sale, lll|§ gg i
•*- VianHcnm? lar«> «;trined *»ffect<; in all -An «tra special sale of Petticoats is now in progress here. The sales during the past * m.i\.s hji "."' , -„_ ±^a».w -m
Z nan^ome_iace stnpea enects in an week were something phenomenal. Hundreds of beautiful garments C re sold, but there $1.75 Belts for .25 Each =J !
£= the beautilul colorings in demand is yet a great variety to choose from. Come and see them. Z2
SI this fall. On sale at J2OO Mercerized Sateen Petticoats for.fl .IO J8.50 Taffeta Silk Petticoats for 54.00 - A /> I • O 4 . 2
g- QR- V«l»li M.50 Moreen Petticoats for $2.98 $9.50 Taffeta Silk Petticoats for $6.50 J\ \J|OVG "* \
E am Wnm fdcmpu CIAMNCIQ country orders RECEIVE prompt attention. $i. 75 and 51.50 6loV6S Monday sl.ls Pair .3
-11 or! jt^HP £*** t^U% Fitted and Guaranteed. 3
fc 60C Quality 39C Yard, M& • A lf£<*m ifiUP&faQJi For a special inducement for Kid 3
fc- Every desirable shade is represent- ¦ J&J m m fM/WM aWW/WW MFMM M J jFJ'H. Glove buyers, Monday, we will place
•^ ed in this lot, such as Cardinal. Gar- WAmm/m 3 MI ML mmm/Mm/mLmwM M/^ 1 on sale 6° dozen of the finest grade =3
¦~ net, Old Rose, Royal, Nile, Light W M/Mfm &m^^^E^/& Ww%r& W J of gloves imported. Included are 3
•j- Blue, Turquoise. Tan and Green. *^Ms*£LMr V* JLJF^^ J Castor. Pique and real French Over- 3
j^~ This is the genuine French Flannel *^ Br^ ~^^JTmiFni» seam Gloves, with 2-clasp fasteners;
BULLER'S PLEA
TO SURRENDER
Dispatches Sent by Him
to White Not Made
Public.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The exact terms In
which General Buller, who continues to
monopolize conversation in England, ad
vised General White to surrender Lady
smith, are not yet published, nor are they
likely to be in the near future. The Na
tional Review's version of the message,
wbOe correct in substance, Is Incorrect
textually. The War Office is blamed for
allowing a libel to be circulated on the
man it has already so severely disciplined,
but as a matter of fact, the Question of
p^£*| ' Warranted solid oak din-
in % chair, brace arms, cane
Jo^^^^\ seat and 7 nm & s in back »
(^wfSmP% * We furnish homes> hotels
V 7 hmmi'ssisr and roomin^ ll0 »ses com-- ;
%^J& n'^^^MT- plete " Get our estimate -
Credit if you wish ft ' and
v\™l ! l lWm free delivery in Oakland ' Al -
ivWiilfflilf ameda and Berkeley - We
\»al c ilil close at 6 except on Satur "
a^% ¦"€ sf^ il l i ' - %, ,*-« -A-
Lxß? Bniiiant
I 'x? Y*\ FURNITURE CO.
I; ~ ~~ I it 5^ 838-342 POST STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the publication of all the dispatches has
now passed out of War Secretory Bfod
rick's hands and will shortly be dealt
with by the Qablnet. Lord Raglan, the
I nder Secretary for War, pointed out to
a Call representative that it would be
eminently unfair to publish this one dis
patch without publishing others which
are vital to an understanding of the one
on which the national controversy hinges.
To publish the hundreds of messages now
on file in the War Office directly bearing
on the subject means revealing to the
public secrets not intended to be made
known and the Implication of persons who
have so far escaped any odium. •
It is probable that the War Office will
take absolutely no action In the matter
until Parliament reassembles, when an
official paper will be ready to answer the
request which is sure to be made, to have
these dispatches placed before the House
of Commons.
t^ R fhi &1 y, BU Al"'A 1 "' 80 far « has not asked
that this be done, and the official view of
the case- is that he Is not likely to take
any such step. J he agitation in favor of
General '£nll«n ll « does not disturb the offi
cials of Pall Mall and. with the exception
of a few parliamentary passages at arms.
they exoect it will blow over, as aid the
retirement of General Colville
• Canoe building is one of the industries
of Kennebunkport. Me., which used to
build great ships, and even now launches
an occasional schooner. " iauncn es
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
CHEERS GREET
DUKE OF YORK
Heir Apparent to Throne
of Britain Reaches
England.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The cheers that
greeted the Duke and Duchess of Corn
wall and York to-day as they passed on
their return from their tour of the world
were intermingled with the shrill cries of
the newsboys shouting:
"Terrible disaster in South Africa!"
Beneath the jubilation on the safe ar
rival of the heir apparent there existed a
keen undercurrent of grief and anger over
the defeat of Colonel Benson's column. Of
the thousands who lined the route from
the Victoria station to Marlborougn
House many were personally concerned in
the 236 British, casualties incurred in this
latest reverse, and while the Duke and
Duchess were welcomed back with great
heartiness the crowds could not shut their
eyes to the mocking contrast between the
pageant 'and the serious news of the
morning.
Barring the unfortunate coincidence the
ceremonies passed off excellently.
The King and his reunited family bade
farewell to Portsmouth to the strains of
the naval bands. All the ships in the har
bor were gayly dressed.
The royal train arrived at the "Victoria
station at 12:56 p. m. Immense crowds at
once gathered there to welcome the royal
party. Brilliancy was given to the scena
by the gay uniforms of the Coldstream
Guards, who, with scores of policemen,
guarded the depot. All the way to Marl
boruogh House the route was well lined,
and several parts were profusely deco
nited, colonial colorß being particularly
noticeable, while the Stars and Stripes
and the Danish flag were also frequently
seen. There were 4000 troops on duty. At
the Victoria station the colonial agents
presented an address to the Duke of Corn
wall and York, who replied in much the
same terms as he used earlier in the day
at Portsmouth, when he dilated on the
enjoyment he had derived from his trip
and his gladness at seeing his native land
again after his deeply interesting jour
ney, at every point of which he had been
profoundly impressed by the universal
declaration of loyalty to the throne.
The agents general of the colonies also
presented an address to the King, who
handed them a written reply, which was
as follows:
I thank you for your loyal and dutiful ad
drees on the return of my beloved son and
daughter-in-law from their visit to the por
tions of my realms of which you are the rep
resentatives.
It was not without natural anxiety an* h,e«i
tatlon that I sanctioned the departure of the
heir apparent to the throne on a voyage which
Involved many months of separation, but it
was r»y earnest desire to give effect to the
wishes of my late revered mother and to the
aspirations of my loyal subjects in the col
onies, of whose devotion and patriotism I have
received such signal proof in the splendid ser
vice they have rendered to the empire In South
Africa, and I am fully repaid by the com
plete success which attended the visit and by
the manifestations of devotion and loyalty
which the presence of the Duke and Duchess
everywhere evoked.
The procession occupied less than half
an hour ln traversing the short route.
The members of the royal families and
their suites were in open carriages. The
King wore a field marshal's uniform, the
Duke of Cornwall and York wore the uni
form of a rear admiral and Prince Ed
ward was dressed in sailor clothes. They
occupied the first carriage. The Queen,
the Duchess of Cornwall and York and
the Princesses Victoria and Charles of
Denmark were in the second carriage.
The household cavalry finished the escort
CLOSE VOTE EXPECTED
IN GREATER NEW YORK
An Impartial Poll Made by Newspap
ers Gives Low a Small Plurality
Over Shepard.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— That the voters
of Greater New York are so evenly di
vided that a slight change of sentiment
may give victory either to the Democrats
or Fusionists Is the chief deduction to be
drawn from a careful and impartial poll
made by the Herald and Brooklyn Eagle
the latter confining its investigations to
the borough of Brooklyn. It indicates a
very slight advantage for the head of the
fusion ticket, as is shown in the following
comparison: Low's indicated pluralities in
Brooklyn and Richmond are 23,981; Shep
ard's indicated pluralities in Manhattan,
the Bronx and Queens are 10,098, and
Low's indicated plurality over Shepard in
Greater New Yoik is 13,883.
Young Women Christians.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 2.— At to
day's session of the International Con
ference of the Young Women's Christian
Association Mrs. W. S. Stewart of Phila
delphia was unanimously re-elected pres
ident and Mrs. C. S. Van Wagner of
Cleveland International treasurer; vice
president, Mrs. J. H. Winter, Dayton;
second vice president, Mrs. Harriet Crit
tenden, Colorado; recording secretary,
Mrs. Emily B. Stewart, Maryland: assist
ant secretary, Mrs. Ella Bergen, Philadel
phia; State directors— California, Mrs.
William O. Goulds; Colorado, Mrs. Frank
Thurston; Illinois, Mrs. Basil Wells Veirs;
Missouri, Mrs. Rainwater; Oregon, Mrs.
L. Hoffman.
Must Assess Capital Stock.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 2.— ln the San
Gamon Circuit Court to-day Judge Owen
P. Thompson allowed the case of the Chi
cago teachers against the State Board of
Equalization to be redirected and granted
a writ of mandamus against the board,
compelling the board to aaeess the capital
stock of twenty-one Chicago corporations
mentioned In the writ, which 1b returnable
on November 22.
CHILE EXPLAINS
TO ARGENTINA
Says the Roads in Dis
pute Are Pathways
for Surveyors.
Belief Expressed at Washing
ton That Incident Is
Now Closed.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— lf Argen
tina and Chile engage in war, the greater
part of the South American continent will
be the scene of strife while the Congress
of Pan-American Republics for the pro
motion of peace is sitting in the City of
Mexico.
Peru and Bolivia are disappointed in not
getting a satisfactory settlement of the
Tacna-Arica dispute, and they will un
doubtedly press Chile should she become
involved m hostilities with Argentina, to
comply with their wishes relative to a
settlement of this question. Failure on
the part of Chile to do so will probably
cause them to range themselves on the
side of Argentina, even supposing they do
not in the beginning take this action.
These in brief are the probabilities in
the South American situation. Informa
tion concerning the exact status of the
latest dispute between Argentina and
Chile is unfortunately scarce in Washing
ton. The State Department has not heard
from its Minister in Buenos Ayres or from
its envoy in Santiago.
Chile Slakes an explanation.
Senor Del Vlso, the Argentina Charge
d' Affaires, was informed four or five days
ago that his Government had received an
explanation from Chile to which it was
giving consideration. Senor Infanta, the
Chilean Charge d' Affaires, has more com
plete advices. His cablegrams show that
Chile made an explanation and that it was
satisfactory to Argentina.
Rather than that war should take place
the United States will undoubtedly be pre
pared, upon the request of Argentina and
Chile, to use its good offices to arrange
amicably the question that is in danger
of embroiling those countries in strife. No
intimation has come to this Government
of any desire on the part of either Gov
ernment that President Roosevelt shall in
terfere. Senor Del Viso has not made any
representations to the State Department
regarding the boundary question, nor will
he do so without specific instructions from
his Government.
Reports of Trouble Discredited.
Senor Infanta discredits the reports of
trouble between the two Governments. He
said:
I do not believe that there is any intention
on the part of Argentina to withdraw Its rep
resentative. Advices received at the Chilian
legation hero show that the incident Is ended.
Argentina asked Chile for an explanation of
the construction of tbe alleged roads ln the
territory, the ownership of which Is now be
ing determined by arbitration. Chile explained
that the so-called roads were merely pathways
for the use of surveying expeditions. Both
Governments have surveyors in the disputed
region, and to facilitate their work lt is neces
sary to cut patbs for them. There was no
question of constructing roads. I understand
that the explanation was satisfactory to Ar
gentina, and the Incident was closed. Chile en-
Joys very cordial relations with Argentina an<l
I am satisfied that she has no desire or inten
tion of committing any act which might tend
to impair them.
In case of war the Argentina and Chil
ean navies would be evenly matched. The
naval policies of the two governments re
quire each to be as strong on the sea as
the other. Argentina has three battle
ships ranging in tonnage from 2036 to 4200
tons, against two battleships of Chile of
6900 and 3500 tons respectively. Argentina
has four armored cruisers, Chile two;
Chile has five cruisers, Argentina three;
Argentina has thirty-three torpedo boats,.
Chile has twenty-six. In order to protect
American interests in the event of hostil
ities the United States will strengthen )ts
South Atlantic squadron, and perhaps
form a South Pacific squadron.
Indies' Club.
This may very properly be the designa
tion of the composite observation car
which will be run on "Sunset Limited"
for New Orleans and New York tri-week
ly, commencing December 6. Contempla
tion of the varied scenery from easy
chairs on the roomy rotunda may be al
ternated with letter writing, scanning
books or periodicals from the library or
in receiving pleasing attention from the
trained maid constantly in attendance.
This highly attractive feature of "Sunset
Limited" is indicative also of the high
standard of excellence attained by th?
Southern Pacific Company in the equip
ment and service of this model train.
The total number of experiments on liv
ing animals in the United Kingdom ln 1900
was 10,839 — 2370 more than in the previous
year. It is stated that but few of these
experiments were in any serious degree
painful.
THE FREE MONTH OFFER EXTENDED
Owing to the fact that the doctors were unable to prescribe for all the srreat crowds that have thronged their of- -Ji
1 fices the past few days, and that they, were unable to reply to all the many letters from all parts of the country asking
for a little more time that they might take advantage of Drs. Shores' grand special offer of "ONE MONTH'S MED-
ICINE AND TREATMENT FREE" to all beginning A COURSE of treatment to prove to the public of San
Francisco and vicinity that there is a PERMANENT CURE for CHRONIC DISEASES (that are curable). Drs.
Shores have yielded to the popular demand and EXTENDED THEIR FREE MONTH OFFER T7NTH FUR-
THER NOTICE to all who apply. - ... . ¦ :
Do not delay. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK. CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL.
THIS OFFER IS NOT GIVEN AS A TEST OR TRIAL TREATMENT.
jfjjr^ Drs. Shores and Shores' wonderful treat-
.j-gjjdploiP^ ment for DEAFNESS. CATTARH and all X^S^lp^glfcjN.
MZr s —*&*?' forma of NERVOUS and CHRONIC DIS- j^ljißr^iiiSiS^
KSf! "a EASES Is too well known all over the /s»lr^^^sSiSlllr\\l
are •. ¦ 1 "West to need any introduction. When ifi/fc'f v^|v
jSgi) &*& /*"*%. Drs. Shores first opened their offices in /|'iSr/j \ ,
mp £SJ§L* ! f San Francisco they gave every patient a Jl n ill Ml
fl^S y. jj course of treatment absolutely free "AS ftVjJSI ft!-
\V • \ ff A TEST" of their skill and methods, and *%am itttil&jf &s^ii?
l ! tv \ { hundreds tested the NEW TREATMENT ff^af rfSv |T
lUi^ A^MSNVi f FREE. Now Drs. Shores and Shores give [%', ~gt T —*-* Tv
I 111* ' r '--'^^m^J ONE MONTH'S TREATMENT AND V'^S '•*',''¦' I /]/ 41
111 l "V "" Jr MEDICINES FREE to prove their skill • Vv J * ¦ If
"llllix ' S \~*&M ' In curing "PERMANENTLY." - ;; '»- >-A **ThJ V
\i\\!ML^s^ n Drs - 3 nores> Prices and terms have al- -^Bk /
¦Hh^ .g W«i^ ways been within the easy reach of all — $5 I \ J^tr^ \ WkJ *
-^ / >^k. per month for all catarrhal chronic d's- I \ ~^^&
J^^^BflßflflS^ eases, medicines free. These low rates A «^ I
are still maintained, only Drs. Shores JL \ >^^_\^f^
\ l*^ NOW GIVE ONE MONTHS TREAT- jgdjiflk \* *^^ %»v
EDWARD ROBERTS.™ ' Folwm .t. Ban MENT AND MEDICINES FREE TO *%fk \l^KW^m
Francisco. Cal. AKL. BEGINNING A COURSE OF &&\\\¥&Mffi*slf)
LUNG DISEASE. treatment at once. •/
Mr. Roberts says: * If y° u llve aw from the city and can-
"I AM A CARPENTER BY OCCUPATION not call at Drs. Shores* office WRITE for J E - "WELLS, M :oth st., San Francisco. CaL
AND AM WORKING* FOR HORSTMETER & FREE SYMPTOM BLANKS and take ad- ASTHMA 14 YEARS.
SftSESS S^R^T^H^B^f/BB ™ nt ** 6 ° thIS *™ r ™ ° ffer ' MR * weijS ZC 7 h.vr2.»T .?*
McALLISTERSrKEM w ±it.Kfc, i. L.AX Kb START IN AT ONCE. Do not wait Un- offerer from CHRONIC ASTHMA AN CA-
BEEN ANY DAY. I have been a very >lck n , fl ( Q fc tn «nrtv 1 TARRH for the past FOURTEEN YEARS
man for the past twelve • months; my trouble *" rnflTiv^'PiiTO w v J! My "*»>»» during all that time was so bad I
was LUNG DISEASE AND CATARRH. I De XOfaT INK Hi. KUSH, bUt begin your was UNABLE TO WORK, as I was CHOKEI>
have had several HEMORRHAGES from the treatment AT ONCE. , UP day and night. At night I would cough v*>
LUNGS. MY HEAD WOULD ALSO STOP UP CONSULTATION AND EXAMINA- a Breat deal of GOTTEN , MUCUS. It would
and I had a .rreat deal of troub.e l with my TION FREE ALL THIS WEEK FOR to BR^THE^Thl^lnt^e^ srWtK wS
THROAT: it would • get i very sore. MY ANI L>lbt.ASt>. Com© and* bring your m * re3t and reduced me In strength, until X
STOMACH ALSO BECAME AFFECTED, and friends. . only weighed 117 POUNDS. No one knows how
when I would eat anything I would BLOAT ...";.' I HAVE SUFFERED DURING THE PAST
UP. I had NIGHT SWEATS and suffered a * . FOURTEEN YEARS WITH ASTHMA. Some
great deal - from SORENESS In my LUNGS QDRfIAI TIPC nights I felt that I WOULD CHOKE TO
and CHILLS. I became very weak and run . OrUWlrtL. I ILO. DEATH. I have doctored with FOURTEEN"
down and UNABLE TO WORK. PATATHHT Deafne*<» ' nt , --I #¦«¦. different physicians for asthma anil lung
"This was my condition when I applied to TSSbftf^Snd&Vnu- ° Se T , and Throat trouble. I have taken HUNDREDS of bottles
Drs.. Shores TEN WEEKS ago. I can say that Troubles. Ey« and Ear Diseases. Bronchial and of patent medicines but none of them did
DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT HELPED ME Lung Troubles. Asthma. Stomach, Liver and me an y permanent good, and I became VI-
FROM THE FIRST WEEK. MY APPETITE Kidney Diseases, Bladder Troubles ma i. TERLY DISCOURAGED.
BEGAN TO IMPROVE AND I WOULD DI- Complaints, Diseases of Women and' Children Thl9 wa9 my ~ n( inion when I applied to Drs.
GEST MY FOOD. I HAVE GAINED FIF- Heart Dlaea«e Nervou. to«-«. m. Shores. I can say Drs. Shores' treatment ami
TEEN POUNDS in weight and am ABLE TO S. * .?? ' N , cl r? u " I *» as«"». Chorea (or medicines have WORKED WONDERS IS
WORK NOW. My cough is almost gone and Bt - Vltus Dance), Rickets, Spinal Trouble. MY CASE. I have gained TWENTY-POCK,
MY CATARRH IS MUCH BETTER. I sleep Ovarian Diseases, Sciatica and. Rheumatism POUNDS IN WEIGHT. MY ASTHMA DOES
good all night now and I feel better in every Diseases of the Bowels, Piles Fistula and 7*«w." NOT BOTHER ME ANY MORE and I SLEEP *
way, and I HEARTILY RECOMMEND DRS. ta] Troubles Lost Manl, nn /"p . ™ d Re «- GOOD ALL NIGHT LONG. lAM ABLE TO
SHORES. FOR THEY HAVE DONE WON- j!i t Tf™J" ™, "'^ * b °? \ Vat * Diseases. WORK NOW FOR THE FIRST TLME IN
DERS FOR ME." , Goitre (or Big Neck), Blood Diseases. Tape- FOURTEEN YEARS.
I (Signed) EDWARD ROBERTS, worm. Hay Fever." Hysteria, Epilepsy Insom ' "My trien.l- are ASTONISHED at th« chango
. 946 Folsom St.. San Francisco. Cal. nla. etc ' in my condition. : am like a NEW MAN.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists. T^ls&ztr^s^i^Jil
• ¦.¦ ¦¦¦•¦¦• - ' ¦ 7 thin testimonial call on me and I will gladly
Permanently HISTORY Rl 111 MIMA 71^ MARI^FT QT 2d Fl« c verify th truthfulness of the sam». for I
Located in "1011/ Hi DUILUII\U, »*J ITIAHIVL I 3|. S^ Flo «. San FEEL THAT DRS. SHORES HAVE SAVED
Office Hours— Week- Days. 9a.m.to« p. m. Evenings. 6to 8. Sundays. 10 aV^n. to^J* " ' MY LrFE -" Ol«ned) J. E. WELL 3.
' ' "¦ o> w L aooa - 3943 Twentieth it.. San Francla^o. Ctm
CONVEYS DRAFT
OF NEW TR EATY
Pauncefote Is Returning
With England's Assent
on Canal Project.
Nicaragua, However, Sud
denly Decides to Renounce
Existing Conventions.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The first official
statement of any kind made for a month
in relation to the Nicaragua canal has
been obtained by a Call correspondent. It
confirms the fact that Lord Pauncefote,
the British Embassador to the United
States, when he lands ln New York to
day will have with him the draft of a
new treaty, abrogating the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty, which is in every particular
satisfactory to Lord Salisbury's Cabinet.
A correspondent interviewed Lord
Pauncefote in London, since which not
one word has been given out. The latest
dispatch from the United States is as
follows :
"All negotiations up to tne present day
have been entirely unofficial from a
strictly diplomatic point of view, and
that on pour parlers only depend the
hopes generally shared for a successful
bridging over of the diplomatic difficulty.
These pour parlers, however, have been
particularly searching.
"The State Department does not require
a copy of the document Lord Pauncefote
carries to learn its terms. Until the Em
bassador reaches Washington the exact
terms are withheld. Though ft is ad
mitted that Great Britain has agreed to
put the Clayton-Bulwer treaty to one
side and to acquiesce in the construction
of the canal by and under the control of
the United States, this concession from
Lord Lansdowne's original Intention has
not been granted without some real or
fancied advantage to Great Britain. It
would not be fair to say a quid gro quo
constituted the main feature of tne pro-,
tracted pour pariers, but that lt will
directly or inairectly result is firmly
established in the minds of the members
of the Cabinet."
Never Objected to the Canal.
One of the most responsible officers
connected with these and the earlier ne
gotiations, said:
"We never really objected to the con
struction of the canal, but we did and do
object to an abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty." It was ln that spirit
that Lord Lansdowne couched his reply
to the United States Senate:
"It was not that you wanted to do it.
but the nasty way in which you said it.
Since then we have been approached in
p. rational, polite manner and we have
again endeavored to substitute for the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty a treaty that will
enable America to carry out a design
which, in a broad sense, would doubtless
benefit the whole world."
The mollification of the Foreign Office
has doubtless done more than anything
else to secure the assent of the British
Government to a new treaty. But in the
same breath must be mentioned the State
Department's willingness to a reciprocal
arrangement regarding the British West
Indies and other British possessions. This,
while in line with the views latterly at
tributed by cable dispatches to President
McKinley and President Roosevelt, waa
so at variance with the British Govern
ment's experience of the American atti
tude that they now regard it in the light
of a quid pro quo' for what they believe
to be a concession over the Nicaraguan
territory.
Some papers say Lord Lansdowne has
tamely given up inherent rights without
any return, which Is strenuously denied
on the foregoing grounds.
What is even more interesting Is the
fact that inner circles of the Cabinet are
not nearly so sure of the acceptance of
the convention as are some of the leading
papers on both sides of the water. When
the terms are announced it is feared that
some members of the Senate may still find
objections and that tbe forecasts so far
published alleging too sweeping "conces
sions" on the part of Great Britain may
have a deleterious effect. For instance,
the deduction that the proposed treaty in
any way reaffirms or extends the scope
of the Monroe doctrine meets with a de
nial by the Foreign Office. For these and
other reasons Lord Pauncefote is not
likely to affix his signature to the docu
ment until a majority of the Senate shall
have had full opportunity for studying
Great Britain's proposal.
Spirit of Indifference.
In the meanwhile there exists here a
spirit of indifference and a feeling that,
after all, the new treaty may be pigeon
holed on account of some unexpected Sen
atorial objection, though this development
would create the keenest disappointment
despite its present stoical anticipation.
From a diplomatic source there has lately
emanated private rumors that the Suez
Canal Company is using financial and
A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT. A
WAY I SEND YOIT~~~
a Book?
?I will mall you any book from tie list
below if you send me your address.
With it I will send an order, en your
nearest druggist for six bottles of Dr.
Shocp's Restorative. If you think that
you need it after reading the book, y ou
are welcome to take it a month at my
risk. If it cures, pay your druggist $5.50.
If it falls, I will pay him myself.
This remarkable offer is made after a
lifetime's experience. I have learned how
to strengthen the inside nerves— those-
nerves that alone operate every vital
organ. I make each organ do its duty by
bringing back its nerve power. No case is
too difficult. I take the risk in all.
In rive years 550,000 people have accepted
this offer, and 39 in each 40 paid. They
paid because they were cure<i. for no
druggist accepts a penny otherwise. T»c
decision is left with you.
Note that if my Restorative cures, tho
cost is a trifle. If It fails, it is free. Can
you neglect such an offer when 33 out or
40 who write me are cured?
SlmnlT state Book No. lon Dyspepsia,
., S[ . mPl ' „ " * ,! Book No. 2 on the Heart,
which book you Book No 3on the Kldney^
want, and address Book No 4 tor Women. *
Dr. Shoop, Box 630, Book No. 5 for Men, (sealed^
Racine, Wls. j Book No. 8 on Rheumaf.aUßl
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
by one or two bottles. At all durggists'
other influence to prevent an agrt^
being reached in regard to the Nicaragua
canal. It has been further reported tnut
this powerful corporation has joined hands
with several leading American interests
alleged to be opposed to the constr:
of this latter waterway. The head
of the British state departments admitted
that the Nicaragua canal would probably
rob the Suez canal of all its far Ea
trade. The British Government is the
largest stockholder ln the Suez canal, but
it dees not appear that financial interest
ever entered into the discussions of thd
Nicaragua canal, the considerations In
volved therein being regarded as so para
mount to any possible loss of future divi
dends from the Suez Canal Company a*
to be unworthy of being coupled with th»
subject The actual business of the Sues
Canal Company is all transacted in Paris,
where the secretary general of the com
pany said to a corrsepondent:
'For us the Panama and Nicaragua:!
projects do not exist. We pay absolutely
no attention to them. We have never ex
ercised any influence to prevent either of
those schemes from jeing carried out, anil
we shall never do so. We can look for
ward to the eventful opening of either
canal with perfect equanimity, as we do
not anticipate any appreciable loss of In
come from their competition. We may
even benefit by the general developmen:
of the traffic that the opening of a canal
across the American isthmus may cause. '
The Panama Canal Company is also i'i-m
norant of any action having been takeiqf
by the Suez Canal Company against th«
proposed Nicaragua canal.
It is interesting to note that several
English interviews all declare that Eng
lish trade with the Far East must torn
found to take the isthmian route, not
only to expedite cargoes, but to avoid pal
pable danger of the 3uez route which vow
compels them to skirt the shores of three
nations, France, Spain and Italy, who "by
the fall of the handkerchief" might be
come hostile. These authorities assumed,
without any reservation, that war be
tween Great Britain and the United States
is an impossibility.
Nicaragua Terminates Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The Govern
ment of Nicaragua has terminated th«
treaty under which the United States wa»
empowered to construct an interoceansc
canal across the territory of Nicaragua.
This action has been conveyed to-th»
State Department by the Nicaxaguaa
Minister for Foreign Affairs. That otf.Li-u
declares that the denunciation in no wise
affects the friendly relations between th-j
two countries and the Nicaraguan G >•-
ernment desires the conclusion of new
treaties.
Between the treaty of riendahip, com
merce and navigation of 1867 thus re
nounced the same rote conveys the de
nunciation of the extradition treaty of.
1870 between the United States and
ragua. Under the terms of the denuncish^i
tion the first named treaty, cover' » "
right to construct ard guarantee i eanai.
the convention will expire October 24, 1908,
which is one year from the date r>n which
the notice was received at the State De
partment. The extradition treaty ter
minates May 24 next, as provided in th«*
convention.
The Nicaraguan Minister's note conveys
absolutely no inforrration as to the mo
tives which inspired the Nicaraguan Gov
ernment to renounce these two treaties,
nor haa Mr. Mtrry, United States Minis
ter to Nicaragua, thrown any light on tho
subject. It may be recalled, as affecting
the treaty of 1^67. that before submitting
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty to Congres*
last year Secretary Hay drew up a set of
protocols with the Minister for Nicaragua
and the Minister for Colombia, whereby
these officers bound their Governments to
negotiate treaties with the Unite J State*
for the necessary concessions to construe;
and control canals In the event that Con
gress should authorize the beglnnins; o*
such work.
The Union Labor party, the Democrats
and Republicans have broken away from
the heads of their t.ckets and are going
to vote for Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for Mayor.
Write his name at the head of the blanii
column. •GERMANS SMILE
AT CRITICISM
Publication of a French
General's Letters
Ignored.
Charges Against Yon Walder
see Will Not Provoke
Trouble.
BERLIN, Nov. 2.— The publication in
.his week of the letters written by
General Voyron, who commanded th~
French troops in China, to Field Marshal
Count yon Waldersee. showing among
other things that the relations between
«=-nch general and the field marshal
were strained during the entire period of
the foreign occupation, caused little ex
citement here.
A Government official who was inter-
I en the subject said that absolute
ly ro occasion exists for Germany to take
official notice of the affair, adding that
the Matin, which published the letters.
vat not an official organ. The French
Government would evade any diplomatic
rep -esent&tlons by disclaiming any con
nection with -he Matin. Furthermore, the
expectation expressed in Paris tbat the
Incident will cause the publication of the
field marshal's letters will not be realized.
Tae Kreuz Zeitung to-day admits the
BkiU and politeness with which General
Voyron sought to secure the greatest pos
sible degree of independence of the rieid
marshal for the French commanders and
B*l\ s that hence Yon Waldersee deserved
6.1. the greater praise for discharging blBb 18
difficult ia6k.
The National Zeitung sarcastically ad
mits that the Matin proves General Voy
ror's diplomatic talent by the publication
of the letters.
Yon Waldersee Was Courteous.
The Berlin, :\"eueste Nachrichten dis
cus.ses the letters and the several issue*
in\olved and assumes that their publica
tion was an unfriendly act against th?
field marshal, otherwise the matter is
Incomprehensible, since Yon Waldersee
treated the French with exceptional cour
tesy. Referring to the Chauvinistic
French newspaper comment on the letterr
th« Berlin Neueste Nachrichten con
cludes:
T.ie more the French papers discuss the
ir.auer. the more deeply we are impressed with
the fact that the temporary cessation of
Chauvinistic demonstrations in France is due
rat ier to tactical consideration than to a con
dition In the political sentiments of the nation.
At soon ac the general situation warrants
French hope of success in a new reckoning
with Germany the old hatred will break forth
•with its lull force. The French remain the
arch «nemies of our people. We Germans
must never forget this in time* of peace and
polite phrases.
"he Vossische Zeitung says: "It re
quired great self-control to maintain cool
blcod over the letters, and a magnanimous
spirit was shown thereafter in giving tht
French general. Bojal. a warm reception
in Berlin at the end of May."
The Vosslschc Zeitung further quote
Emperor William's expression to General
Bogal about the Germans and French
fighting a common foe in good comrade
ship, adding that this comradeship is ii
lusory. In conclusion the Vossische
Zeitung says: "The conduct of General
Voyron and his malicious patrons is un
worthy of a nation claiming to chival
rous."
The Tageblatt regards the letter? qs
proving that the French Government,
¦while officially recognizing Field Marshal
yen Waldersee'p commandership in chief
instructed General Voyron to do his ut
to make the same illusory, adding:
"It waf a policy of pin pricks, whpro
eojrage to express the meaning openly
we.s lacking."
Chamberlain Not Noticed.
The speech of the British Colonial Sec
retary. Mr. Chamberlain, at Edinburgh.
October 2£. in which he said the British
wculd find precedents for anything they
do in South Africa, brought forth in the
pr<>ss here an emphatic and rather bitter
repudiation of the charges made against
the German conduct of the war of 1&71
Official circle* say the German Govern
ment does not intend to notice Chamber
la!-,'s utterances. Lord Salisbury having
repeatedly disclaimed responsibility for
the colonial minister's expressions out
side of Parliament.
The return of the German troops from
China, with the exception of the perma
nent garrison, has been completed.
A naval expert in the National Zeitung
discusses PresiSent Roosevelt's naval
programme and asserts that it is im
possible to carry it out. pince the Ameri
can ship yards are unable to build so
many vessels simultaneously.
The newspapers are devoting much at
tertion to New York's Mayoralty contest.
The Vossische Zeitung describes the spe
cial corruption In New York as "hor
rible." and the New York correspondent
of the Kreuz Zeitung says:
"If Low tries to fill the offices with
Bt men he will fail, since there are
rot enough honest men in New York."
E2.BEBT GLADSTONE WEDS
DAUGHTER OF A BARONET
Hiippy Couple Receive Many Presents,
Including' One From King
Edward.
LONDON, Nov. 2— The marriage of
Herbert Gladstone to Dorothy Paget, a
en ughter of Sir Richard Homer Paget,
Bart., took place to-day at St. Andrew's
The function, which was one of
r«=ad social Interest, was largely
led. At the reception at Lady
Paget'g house after the ceremony, the
gvietts viewed the unique and costly pres
erts, which numbered over 600 and in
. a. silver inkstand from, King Ed
wird.
FIRES HIS BEVOLVEB
IN A CONCERT HALL
German Anarchist Wounds Two of
the Audience and Then Com
mits Suicide.
MUNICH, Nov. 2.— Just before the com
rencement of a concert at Odeon Hall
• :ght a man named Hoffman began
a revolver at the people in the audi
ence, wounding two. He then killed him
self. Heffman, who was a sculptor's as
sistant, came from Neustad, Baden. An
archist literature was found in his pock
e .s.
Christmas in Mexico.
Do not overlook the exceptional oppor
1 to witness the numerous oeremo
<ivic and religious, quaint and gor
geous, attending the Christmas celebra-
Id Mexico which will be afforded
B ;thern Pacific excursion leaving
December
- ill be made at Los An
and Zacatecas. The trip
•¦ peisonaily conducted. Dining-cars
will be attached. Rate $80 round trip.
-over:- at pleasure on return trip.
Urge Trade With Brazil.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— A delegation
of merchants lrom Baltimore and N>«v
York, representing Brazilian commerce.
has arrived in Washington .and called
upon Secretary Hay with a view to urg
ing reciprocal treatment by Brazil of
American interests for the liberal treat
ment which the United States accords
imports from Brazil. Secretary Hay was
much interested in the subject and took
the statements under consideration In
connection with the whole matter of reci
procity > ion he will urge upon Con
gress. _ ¦;'::<*¦;>-¦'
Denmark Is Asked to Answer.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. The Govern
. Trent of the United States has asked Den
r.ark for a decisive answer to the United
Siatee' offer to purchase the Danish West
Indies. The Danish Government will not
. rr.ake a reply before November 30.
Im ? •
Dr. C. C. O'DonneM is still in the fight
and will surely win this time, as the
unions are now in his favor. Be .sure to
'-•ote for him for Mayor by writing: his
n:itne with a lead pencil at the bead of the
b.&nk column. " ,
THE EMPORIUM. ; : j;^7 V ; THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. „ _ THE EMPORIUM. I _ "THE' EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I Incomparable Values ndn.me.nd TUC EMPORIUM »» «*»«*« Dress Goods—Silks,
I in Linens, Blankets, JXTaS I ill* *rf Tll^M"^BUlll £scm5 cm^ mS The Choicest Kinds.
fTfiSsMi!ng*§«3i —^ and Ho idav Price |B ™ Cal'lforiVl^s L^r^CSt- If P and the San Francisco's busiest Dress Fabric Department, al-
£ • B-aanneiS, BLWe. Lsts. now -in- tt^ Any:riCa.s ; oraJVdCst storC. "• n ready. San Francisco's busies: least money and showing the
rianneiS, CWC vm. now « ¦» Anvcnca.s Or^ivdcst otorc. now ways giving best for the least money and showing the
f Good Damask Crash— Dice weave, fancy red border, a per e:t aSsorb- press. 82^5 to 855 Market St.* tSatl FranClSCO - - largest assortments from which to choose, to-day quotes
CaT/M 2C a T/M 2t 7 m 6 °° J wear, yards only, on special &0£ - _ .~ • . — —ZJ— ___ ! i ! _ prices on some of the choicest weaves that r\e leading
sale Mo. .day at about half value, yard «Jr«U» j . .  - • . ¦ J , , =- . •-- ;.:•. . . , ( , , , .
5 Bleached Table Damask -71 inches wide, patterns new ** R^ Visitors to The Emporium this week will get first glimpses of the wonderful Holiday stocks which the big store's ¦ ," ropcan an • mcr ? can maDU acturcn avc pro ucc
¦ 4 i • . £r jßh^ ' ':<¦'¦ ,•'¦.•"•*.¦¦ r. - ¦ ¦ ¦ : . i'"'.' H '.•¦"'- ¦" tnis season. /
£ iorthKfai.nKequatty.yard ....... *OC expert buyers have iecured from the four : quarters of the gobe. Carpenters and decorators have been busy for weeks Gu^nteed Black Taffeta- Undoubtedly the best silk? made to sell
If Vjrarn Table Damask — So id, heavy, good-weiring linrn, /f» preparing bigger and better Christmas displays than we have ever shown before. In a week or ten days Sin Francisco's fastest growing store will at : the price. It has the brilliancy and finish of a silk costing twice as
- 2 mc es wide, yard TT w UJr j un< j er o a corn p c c metamorphosis and Chris-mas ssl!iag will begin in earnest. ' Read the splendid va ues offsred in all parts of the store for Monday much. We guarantee every yard.
g Linen J- ample Fiecej-Such as hemstitched c'oths, S ca,fs, fire towelr, , _ ices bc y Ondtit Kicii <>f competition# '\¦ ' V ' - •-¦>•..- ' , ao . inch 830 , 25 _ inch $1.00
% • tray cloths, a arge lot of manufacturer s sample , just leceived rrom r r *. j - . ¦ ¦•-.•, . / . . .- .— . ... .- ,
X Geimanv, on talc at ithrut lattttfiO COSt. ' - — ' — ¦ '-'"¦'¦'' ¦ ' ' ' ' ' * • ' ¦'-'"' *¦' ¦ Taffeta Flannel — Warranted to wash, and will outwear any silk of
I Orayßlinkett-FuU sir-, b. ,wei e ht, finely nnihed, aq a UmbreH&S &2.5 Q. Attractive Sale of Sterling Silver itikini - A complete line of colorings in both widths-
tf a $*, va ue, on spec.a. sa.e Monday only, pair €3 &**, *"™# * WM * *, ~ . . Jf^-«ir CV'fcfcMMtt y NOVGttfeS ITn BacH -19 inches - ? S °^ 2 + lnchfS • " • ' ' £f.#9
£ White Wcol Blankets -Goo l Ca ifornia make, double __ _ A large lot of lieGK tttnOOnSm nvrw%gmmais& wm %* Vabfff pMI,p Ml , de SoJ e _ a3 inches wide, a very rich finish, complete line 0 col-
t-edszc, weight 5 } ouics, a special vaue, pair...... $&m %#» \JT_^ very superior quu- It is bargains like this that people J&, W lift 111 HJk iV /C^L orin 8 » extra value, per yard $1.00
I Silkoline-covered Comforters- Sanitary white cotton cf * - jfSgjm® Itv Union Taffe a. think of The : Emporium .first when Mjk\ \ f^i^iil^iS) Paon Mouseline Velvet-Finished like a pann.-, only a little heavier,
¦l» hi ing, rancv worsted edges;, each *mX if fAI 'of , Silk Umbre.as — , , . r i t^ "»* OHLJi EX H HVi«l @HH » -Jllii*/ in large demand lor millinery purposes, full line ot eoler 19
5> M ... c ' . _. „ .  , , , , . levy! the 58 inch tize they have shopping to do. ¦ For Mon- ,rey fflSlß***) |iHB E! ;,,->,.» • ' "•- «« i»«
» Marseilles Spreads — Full tize white bedspreads, clo.e — .^ /— 0% jlssX?v'\. 2»-incn size / ft t, -.. V«K^wl^F-^\lvMlffl^Hr inches HtlmAZO
X weave, nice pattern , each &Im5U ¦ ¦ /JHT -' for • men ' and the »6-m-h day 2000 yards of soft weave, all- ,VHJ?l|{k TJIJv Silk and Woo! Crepe de Chine— 44 inches wide, for swell gowns
X Flannelette Sk'rt PUtemS-^oo Fne Twilled /s%?Js} «« for w " men j alt wth Ik, satin and taffeta ribbon; this 2JB/ V^ ' , . ¦;¦ c . an 1 evening wear, pear!, biscuit, o-d rose, goblin, lilac, reseda, yard
If F.anneler,e Skrt Patterns, with fancy woven borders, stitched jtf%£%s[\ heavy, s t,el Ji'th l* "Hew season 's most popular ; Style/ in rich ffljl \1 Nearer *000 pieces of Ster $2JJO
% emtroider.d binding, worth 50c each, Mon^y only 9Qn gf !|| WmJ ¦ Era" Tunrer A "large as- CO brings,- suitable (or neck and waist 111 1 V * ties- tnTLnd"" aU "inches lon^! 44-'nch Oelienne— Silk and woo?, an exqui.ite fabric, wirh a v.ry
t c •••••; *&C BiHW , handles to see t bows. In the assortment of colors |l in th, pretty pattern shown in picture beautiful .heen, all the new colorng,, per yari $2.00
X French Flannels— 27 inches wide, all wool, heavy qua 'ity, light and M^fl^ ir. m, -ferine si ver effects, you will find pretty pinks, blues * r a ni guaranteed 9*5-1000 fine; button 48-inch Satin Vtnetlenne— A very drsssy all-wool material, in perfect
£ m,o.um dart colorings, 50 difte.ent styles, a special value, __ BirtP'W© furze WOO 1, import. dh:rs, '. _ V- ; 'V ' 7 V-.yV -.y '. rfh ' hooks, nail fics, shoe horns, tooth brushes,' " shades of pearl gray, Ught biscuit, cadet, reseda, old rose, cyrano, etc. ,
J. y ard •••• pearl in aid, old iv ore, et:.; "«m, , wniie, • cic. an worm at nail brushy, paper cut:CTB> era«rs, seals, p.-r yard i $1.50
X Honeycomb Weave Flannelettes— A new heavy fleeced s engraved with yo;r name or tf< « B-g% 3 OC per yard to- '*&*frg% roller blotters and stocking darners; on see i»l 54-inch Panne Broadcloth — A particularly handsome, bright, lustrous
IT fabric in solid colors, per yard ¥SC initja s free of charge. Each $j£a S U morrow ...........'. ¦].¦ .sW^K %0 . sa'e in rotunda, Monday only, each .. 170 fabric, in all the popu ar shades for fill and, winter, yard .. $2. OO
i ; : — ;; — — : — — — — — .•; .. . — ' • ... — :—:: — :
I Getting Ready for the Opera Season? I Special Sales of Materials for Making
I o> . Can't We Help You? Up Christmas Presents, tfiJlVO
/t\ .M §ji 0 Society will be on d ess parade next week, and None too soon to beg n if you are going to make fisßl,/\AI
* 111 ' ywe are ready to do our to add to the brilliancy. «d a lot of pretty gifts tor relatives and friends. How sxP*w^X J
i \\ J ' of the Grau season at th- Grand Opera H juse. You can buy beautiful time does fly ! It is exactly s:ven weeks and three days to Christmas. Here \^/»d*'¥ |
\t . In J^ < ~^CXntTr^y'^ dress accessories of us cheaper than you ever bought them before.. We is a list of J ust ' li " c things you need, in many cases from one-third to one-half fW^.
Msiy \ I are showing a superb line .of white si!k lined Long Evening Coats and less than ordinary prices: », . -,-. .. /^^^Mffl Ij^ Ji
k° H^C^/ 1--^'ml /T\ Opera Capes, beautiful Feather Boas, the Correct Gloves, the exquisite Chif- Sale Of SkitiS. .. Dolls to DreSS. J*^ ".. .'-^S^~~> I B
X BW*fft\\'' % ixll\!/ f °ns, Embroidered Mousselin;s,Lices, etc., that are used to embellish evening We have secured- at a cut price 6«o good uxs ' £ Voty Special Sale* /£ ' r^nlLl
5 WLjL H iA\ll costumes and lor neck garnitures; hair ornaments, hosiery, etc. . . iheepskirg for burn:ng. Every one of them . f For Monday only, we offer 3 «*«?*- (^ i l^'l^S
k I, f k i A\ W |l\\l\ is large enoujh for cu"-hions, the color as- c,, .. J , * . >< t  • « sy^-y * li, \f K>A^.\]o
r L^i^XT . A 'I • '¦ ... » •• • j j . • • full patent jointed Papier Mach: Dolls, just re- \TT7 <§ T \(J\ I* fy \vwil
E * I ' rl T^4lf Feather Boas. The Correct Gloves. qfejfftiS JZJZSZ *£ ' 8 « iv - «™ £ri£ They have B^ \^^\ r^Ml
| V - • IJ jut in tim- for, he opera season superb at Ext a Special Prices ;> Cafo nf Janan*** work stockmgs and fancy chemi^. - ¦//M^M^WfmM^^
6 13 L \> \\S lu^trou; f ath rs in cray, na ural white and Touvin Suede G.oves— l2-button ltngth &aiOOT UapaneSe ,« ;n; nr h «T ,„ rw, U iu«,,J ««T«^ J^/^m////il\\^tuL.' T'f^^
\ II >>, • b:ack; prkes *****£*Q to $25.00 ., • $/25 Silks for Fancy Work. t ¥ i t£j'''V m l&^***^^
t ¦ L_ \ , Nove'-y Neck Ruffs-In even shad s, ma^e Jouvin Suede Gloves-Elbow length s#-5O 800 yard, of plain Japanese Si k, a 3 and a 4a 4 a 5 - inch', $ 3 . 50 Dolls', Monday.". '.^"^S <£Wfj\ fllM II '
£ \\ or L-bertv Silk or Chiff n, many late nove ties J°V" Suede Gloves-Between elbow -Mid inches wide; m i> g bt blue, cardinal, orange, Also special on Monday, a 22-inch jointed !«/%/, i | |lff
| S" r^T/R i from Paris; price .$2.50 to $20.00 .^ d " lengths '¦-¦¦''¦¦¦¦•' $1.75 bluet apncot, purp c, navy, yellow, censr, D I with long natural flowing O - o ¦^Sm/WltU
i 4^ //ll l I I ' P *«•«.* j? *"' vu Reym:r 3 -C.asp Suede GovM-Inieam, over- nile, lavender, etc.; just the thing you want hair wig- regularly Ji.eo- <or $2.48 2* IFwllulfK]
J» VI / //\\V f V - ' : ' seam an i pique stitching, n:w modes, st el for holiday fancy work; worth 45c and 50; ' f^~^^vSl fj/fff I
1 M^^l^J^' ¦ Materials for Garnitures : : r 3^-2£u%£- 7 l?i*%!& yard. On fa c Monday 0n1y.... - _ : J2r£S!lJi£XrtL' ' X V^\l\fl/I/ .
YrvS\jU _ -r O^M Materials for Garnitures ft 2« g ace Kid g ov« in ihT>sSSt ...... 3Sc JjJ , ZaSLltU** for * \^vl
8» CS se5S//T£rC7\^. iC«I scinch Dotted Chiffons, the yard 125 evening shades i the new Pa.is point ra-ks - • India Silks for Fancy Work— An immense fr~l§mml~lJsJlfSL*J "
V /rpf\ "JBli V*^ I* •.i: . -j ... v j "*« *i« $159 stock of those v;ry desirable 27-inch silks in tlffHrOfliOrf#f
tf LO V p-'yjj^^/y V*f Embroidered Mcussclmes, . Motß—The j ouvin an! C ie Long Saede amos: every coloring; pi r yard. .. _^ The holiday novelties in Cushion Coven are NeW CrCpQ Papers.
JC \^/ltl\%\\\^ Li -.city and Chiffon Gauffrm in whit: and G oves are positively worth double the prices SUC - here ready for the embroiderer. The following Many n:w designs in Crepe Pap-r for
i 4I I It~ baCk> an *«- iL™ V a *« mm"l '+*% '' a luoted1 uoted above. See display of Opera Gloves in Colored Satins— Almos' colorings you can designs complete with backs, eaeh — making' lamp shades, aso the materia. for piper
fc 1 H-LJ I .^^^"* $1.53, $1.75 and $2.10 one of the large show windows. think of; a good quality; 19 inches _-^ SOC ' flowers and fancy boxes, in the large tancy
I 1^ 45 " !nCh «P« P i tNC ard '«# on" "***« ' ' ' ~ * Widi ' y ' fd •:•••• '• •••••• aUG Moth* series 3 designs; Silhouettes work department on second floor.
I I ui^£K2f?/..fjS k - D3in 'y Fans ; .F - r Sale of Ribbons d S^3wr!?SS£ Y*rnT.nd Silks.
t • Chiffon and Mou, i :ine ! ;-aU^e,yard^°^^, 2^ ForPIUOW^fleS. S SSSSSSKE^K
Silk Underwear. SOo i- 75c B k stylfS f cd gauze , hand . painted l^S^b SS-fe ofvioi SSJSS S?«?it V. vTzS
J Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Vests- : . to mI a large assortment of other tops. / Columb a S c be£ f a d F O38 » skein . .
J; S e ,with square or V-shape n.ck, n EvßUmgSilkS. S2.TS .^ffuO Each , ' W^^ New Waste Paper Basket, and Cushion Top, fso
» all opera shades; tie plain ones, $i.co, •. ** • ' — - - <"' .vv vrwv x WjO / to match in rretty ¦ patterns to be worked. ¦}. £ inc^ y ' !"' CO
" 51.35 and $2.00; with fancy cro.heted Vrjr she -r light weight weave* are the .?..= — T7 r~* * gg&fafT^CA^ riF%&2± • The Cushion Tops witi backs are 5 J©" Lorticeln Sllfcs « 4= *kern, dozen 4£
J. yoke, $1.50, 51.75, $2.25, |.*. 75 corrrct material for evening wear. We are Hatr Omam*ntSm v - >^2^^* the Baskets ire 55 O . We have them aU S° ruce >» Knitting Silks, oz. spoo'. . .^J O
* •-.. $3.50 show n ? some v-ry choice Importations in hand- side Combi—Sh'dl and ambe-, new shapes; p?r . ¦ finished at .,..; $4.25 hm P° Tillm Kn:tting Si.k, spoql. f0 0
*•! somely em rod r.-d liberty silks; jus' one suit of . pair _ 2 50 to £3.0 > *^$SS9MH^ Hand-painted Drapes ... 75© tO $ 6.UU C»«r»£ri«« i**~U*4 '
f Ladies' Silk and Lisle Thread Hose-High- each design. The «i If i< 44 inches wM-, and • Emrre Back Comb 25c fc> $7.50 ti^^v'' Nov , Pi, 1 Cushbn«;.. 500 to $3.75 VmOHing UaCKBI
fg- ¦ grade, imported good?, pain lace effect or s* l '* PP r > ard - $2.75, $3, $3.50, Pompadour Combs— Shell and amber . ... Monday ony, 1 000 yards of 4^-inch pillow Battenierg BraMs, 3 do**n piece. .... Materials.
tf embroidered instep, to match all colors of $4-, $4- 52. . . • . ; ; - .. .:. 2Oc to $350 ruffle ribbon;. An extra fine qua iy in rich [ 200, 25 f, 3~*O Heavy weight mataia's. 54 to 58 inches wide;
g> opera ties — Persian efFcts or evening wear; some very Steel Braded B^'ts ...... 75C 'o $5 OO coon'ngs.'in fancy stupes; certainly the Duchesse Briidf, dozen IJC, ISO, 200 such as Golf P aid», Pebble Cheviots, Melton
IT , iVTh . (. nn , 4 __ elaoat: 'deig,s in the LouUine and Taffeta Tucked Satin "B:lts. 5,C to 1.75 cho cest iot of ruffle ribbons we have ever Black Si k Braids and Rinjrs, dozen. Cloths, Colored Back Covert', Camel's Hair
X d/ /c,, ° UC •* m/S> weaves; ail beautiful color combinations; zz New Brit Buckles 250 to $5.0U cffred at ! cial sale regu.ar value 5 0c the ...... ...7:. SOtO $1.25 Cheviots, etc. Suitable for smoking jackets
h Plated Slk 'SO and Sf. OO inches wHe, ncr yard, .3/ 75, £. "-0, Novelty Mi.linery Buckles— Each . > ar) - To-mairow "^^?#» Battenberg Rings, gross. . 25C to 750 and dressing gowns ..
f - PureSLk $1.75 to $4,25 $2 25, $2.53, $3.0. ,$3 51. .....;. 25c to $4.50 ••••;• ••••• •• m*n9m+ Battenberg Patterns, each.. .Bo to 250 $1.25 to $2. yard
I ; ; ; ¦ — — — ¦ ; — — ' ¦ ' --",. - : '"*,''. 'Br^ :
i sample Pieces of Astonishingly Low Prices "US 0 Grocery Department ffrTh& w a e%
I aXJhlJ^ttin *M*~*o*~ Every price quoted here is additional proof of the Emporium's supremacy as a purveyor of Pure-Food Thefine^aincs ; P eshowf f P kLh»
g nuuuu,cu in rnce. Products and Choicest Wines and Liquors. The delicacies and imported goods for Thanksgiving feasts are al- g b. storm collar, two heads ani four tails in
g in another week we must c ear out ready arriv ng. A comparison of our goods and prices with the best goods and the lowest prices that you know w S.,t£g dMmc:y naed - reduced for **
\ a large .pace on the second floor now of wil j convince you that this the j ace save money on your Groceries. ' |g|g Wm^B £& 18 in.
If covered with furniture to make room * ' • . Regularly. .. .'jo.oo *i 2.00 {14.00
X for the Christmas toys, books, etc. Flour Bacon — Best E«t- • Piruapple — Whole son's Beached Sul- Pearl Sago or Tap). Ha/¦ft¦ c? #• tling; Monday, bottle Th.» week. .$7.50 $8.51 $9.50
g We therefore make a large reduction on 7&^===^T Sale era Sugar Cured, the Singapore, large sine Unas, 2 lbs ... 25C oca— s 1b5 .... 250 Vth^skoy— Pure ....;..... $1.20 Eletcrfc «eal Col
5f 200 cierMnfhirnitnrp whirr, arc rith^r //'•* s 'S«Jt^«o c »r* r lean trcaklast kind; tins, Monday ... ISO Wurzen Waks— Rye or Bourbon, Mon- UWrt Cl . l.rette TaXT a X lilVl
If 200 pieces ot lurniture which are either l/g M^?° Sperry's Drift- Monday, 1b.../s^O ¦ < Imported, al flaW, ¦ California Ripe day; b0tt1e.... 740 J-V. 0 Scotch '" e I ttc a J W\ .
J samples or short lots. We would W/^JjLDEni cd Snow ,or Coffee - Our be* Fruit Feels- tin .......... 2 50 Olives-Quart. 25c Gallon.;.;. $3.25 ™* lr The «>- whhivht^Lin 4^M
k- much rather move them out in wagons t N '&f farr* \ Golden Gate Java and Mocha B end, Orange, Lemon or Cit- Orange Marmalade . bra ed Wm. WiLums withtght tails in &m%
%to your homes than to our storehouse, P^Mfp X™ at Kr b»««ro»? Ron, all extra quality _ Mm - S S3S?i Gelatine -NeW. Sweet Wine,- ' Brand; Monday, W heavy %K£
| therefore cuts in prices like these: fali/M^ -hiiSTTeia 'W^^^^^^^^Bs^i^SE Choice old Port^sherry— ¦;•• "° ¦ *£*£ WM>
% (000 Solid Oak La'dies'D-sk *tt 7* L^T^^L  ' X lh ' ''' 29 °' Unj ~ Thom P- ¦-"•¦' -*OC /.......... .250 Angelica or ( Mutate"; ; J7 po 8 .„, XkM '
I .< l6 . 5 o 6 f^t Extension Table 5/2. 50 2_ Afew Imported Smyrna Figs, Jordan Almonds, Fat d Dates, Cognac Brandy - """ZttVJ™ *~' „_ fflmWHk.
if $2.50 Polishei Oak Dining Chairs. ..$f 85 M Z3C . r *, •••' • , i, , j , n •/ For mince meats,' pud- ¦ p: n _ -»**, 55.00 MlLl i mQ&iWk.
j: 40.00 we-sh Folding Bed $31.50 j Emporium Flour— famous brand Cranberries, . Chestnuts, New Almonds, Walnuts and Brazil dings; Monday, brttie q °"" s %5o sbl 0 ii?iiASi»lfflk
g ifl'^m^B^S'o;^ 5^ U^T T ° Wn '"I C ? ar^ ; f her NUtS ' P:im PUddingS ' A .PP l * BUtter ' etc " f ° r Thanksgiving ............ 55 ° BUckberryß^dy N^SJbl^^MM^Wlllr.
»¦ V $12.50 vvhole wheat or regular family flour; and the Holidays- at the big store prices. . ¦ Canadian Club -for medicinal use, thl Jates: iha F e,«»*»s*p^»r
g $ZS. co Golden Oak Dresser... '..'.517.59 ordinarily 85c sack; Monday. 740 &— —^ — -— — — — '¦ ~' ' ' : 82 >hbkey— "93": bot- botde ........ 800 * hed Wlth four // A
} $*0.00 So id Oak Chiffonier $14-50 . • '- - •¦¦¦•¦ .'--¦..¦¦• ¦ ¦• : -¦ ; * - ¦¦¦¦¦ ' ' •¦¦.'¦ ¦ . 2*7 fo^ tarT UTI It
I r^or C Tlbi;:;^^2 A Dictionary Offer A Great Sale Men's Underwear ££&'
I 05 - P^P,rw w 929 M One Week Only. . l^f fSfJ^T^ f *m- ana Hosiery at «j V cu F w.rf.. $4.50
I A Carpet Sale All |Sd^^^^|| OlVthe Men SUlOWmg Out Prices. «*g«^*JS»«»«»
I : This week. lE^^^^P^ fitfivs' DlothSnts AC^^aiSM^i JSS^iS^?AS:
j . #«f» WVGGK. FU sLLdnS n vrsr^WV S® £^B*S O**Jf » .%Ma%M^MMMnyjm baanceotalot, «VKnes hroktn, the^fore or beU «!eeve,, equal in «y:e aad durabi.iry to
2" We have also got to condense our IT) Tnumh in MUSLB\^£j^V it -^H^ .. , . muked to close; per garment __ an $S» »cque « the £ on £%£%
j Carpet selling ac 8 to make room for d,L, full sheep" y^SS§ ' Continuation of the 1 Sale Of , ; Iffl Pl?»lp **<* ¦^^^«.<Ba.OO
«T the great Christmas store which will binding, together ; y . '- .d ' can i, arfT Rrr»c 5. C'r\ - c hirrh- * . ' 1 ' Men s Hosiery— lines fine. Imported half
5 soon be in operation on the second floor. with the ce!e.rated J m 'I KQSenDerg-CrpS. « S nigfl- ... dlfcS»«U — H,: e , with fancy open work stripe, and MonHsySaleOf
•. c , V UKSW.UUUUWI. Harvard Diction- CVTtV TVCV grade fall and Winter Clothing, which we extra fine qua ty h;avy cotton in town, made IWM%jaiU&Jf «?«*#C7 %JM
« £tm , Body Brus :« and Tapestry Bras- «A Sfl rS~ It .s . the , clothing chance of th year. ;.,. »' / .( ¦'¦¦ -^ ? 'T. . Choice P«b»m Prino-Rick p., «J b».n
$ .els Carpets, b e fore ™<- P to. qu««= 99' SO ./f\, . Every garment v »ew, up to date, . the ... . .L^l | Odd Couch Cover* T'J^SrJLSS'J^tA
|. the department up. " bridged Die"™: Ttl PJ^Wli '' ' '^1 -^<wN|[ atHalfPHce. «h » »*, S»«, (J«, v™, S
I itSL'^C'BEvJr* ffg Z7- r ;*'K T \ Hi en >s sl2.so Suits $8.95 - (f W^ Wk T^^-r^ ; '*^*e£i^i^»^rSi k1!;Jk 1 !;J
* W*lf vAXmInSv AXmlnS . tCTS » tne , y •; 9 WO lustrated with colored pates, together with . stripes and checks, all new fabrics, coat* have 7" / them 3 yard, long, 50 inches wide, beautiful . ¦ . .
J Bailey's Patent Rib' Room Fixtures. «* »™™™> «- «« -<* »» ** : -\i^-iif^MSME^i^ Haviiand China for \ m u«s^«"l«"'hi
i bed Back Rubbers. On Slle in -h-fw^dj^— .^«^^ m S^iii^^^- r JKfI jP 1 -^!) Painting and Decorating J^ «**";
&3& 3 • . r £ •  <^ = TT =SS * > *>. , m T r °° r ' >n «» and appearance to custom made, worch Vr^^T* /\ 1\ / The new and S raceful " nSCm P1"*"P 1 "*" 1 ' i /^^J *»<»*»*•« ncarv a """
I A perfect fitting rubber; the ribbed •. fe^£> backotro- , .sls.oo, the we 1/0.75.^' 1/ Vj /' Tea Pots 950ang51.21 N5% leM ; th ' n.™ln .™ 1
'XSX. or corrugated t un da, Mon- .„ */.' $lUm7s^* L-/\\ 1!' Pi-chen $1.2 I and $1.5^ (Af "^ wh S
»\|\ backofwhich, /^^^"^t dd o a we, OObn bblaL;b 1 aL; Men's $20.00 Overcoats $13.65-The new If Sr^^OO fo**s?<S*" CNT^
'//{/ >^i \_ prevents the' ff • tumbler hold- ' Great Coat and the Yoke Overcoat, both styles .. . I 1 ///¦ Choco at • Cups and Saucers $7.Q0 do*. \ -j|W nor kll tlps>
X / Skirt from C&^LmSzdl- . ers soap cut in the same long lcoif, graceful line, black 1 . ' ' //' Tea Cups and Saucers .$9.25 a do*. V^ »v h mi-turned so a,
6 UlL_^ _^ orttincr , v «-r fT "ly dishe? > all ¦' thibets, oxford gray cheviots and green and tan I |' After Dinner Cups and Siu ers .. - BB *u^art atsrable new
¦>» < **~^sr^« a — *-*^ CLUU 6 wcl V" ' m '¦ made of brass, ; effect?, some or them silk lined throughout, ' »!.;.?; *$ • • • ;,...., ....... .$4-, 00 a doZm * - style toe-, and
Jt in rainy weather; they do not break in nicely nickel plated, and fitted with plated : . very smait, stylish overcoats, easi y worth . . , 1,. ) .*"*** And numerous other artic.es. " we have all sizes and . wilths; imt ad o
% the heel as an ordinary rubber does, screws where necessary, at the " &'J- % 1 20.00, sale price. ... &1&02BS . ' 'V ]' German Ch na for decorating at v:ry low $3.00, special price Mon- A^ 'Qlf*
g intfj&SXfrSS^^ . remarkable price, each Mm M G +Pm<k9m%M%M \ • ' P-«- ¦ ; dayonlv.perp.ir:.....^^.^©
S and retain their shape until ent rely r ~-.^ ' . prices. t . » i~ f t'
5;. worn out. The best rubber made for ou^fTon^waU ¥% ¦ MA h Md 9 Sro r to ?, d 300 °° d Ovcrcoals $9 JS— Overcoats worth up to $13.50; blue, black and ' — " — : — : :: — — — " 7 ~
5 com'ort and durability. ! This year the larly 50c each. •r. . " trown Krrseys, stylish Cheviot!, in Oxford gray and green, and hanosome r^O'^Bfif pint ' ' 13* 1 • ".1 ? ; /-••' -#A C r\r*
I Bg Store', prices are' con^derably JS'.^SSf^iSBJSr £«£ J^^^^'^l'iil^:".; 9&"*O TjlC o^ll^ol ClftarS, 10 KM* , 25C.
£ lower than they were last winter. fancy beading. Boys' s7.so Suits and Overcoats $4.85— Sizes for youths 12 to 20 years; 20 . »-, €/  •'-}" -; ' •
$ Ladies', all Mzes sOc e^^Wt B %Vc h^ Xtwt'c^Ltcas^^^ U Special offer iti<r in Cigar Department for this week
i Men's, all sizes..... 75c v i d vr a way a . ry: also *.**?**** ;;tbu:5aie.......v.......... r ...........^ •• J*Bs only, A good smoke for little money.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
2526
"IN OLD KENTUCKY"
AWAKENS OAKLAND—ADA
REHAN IS COMING.
OAKLAND is trying to be good.
Oakland hain't always been
good. Indeed, Oakland has had
In the past an almost spotless
reputation, as the fascinating
widow in "Henrietta" puts it—
"all black and not a white spot in it"—
with most of the theatrical companies
that have wandered into its wilds. But a
famine descended upon the land, the on©
first class theater of the town has been
closed for almost a year and Oakland is
repentant Oakland is more than repent
ant, reduced, in fact, to lively humility,
and C. P. Hall has chosen the psycholog
ical moment to reopen the Macdonough
Theater, which he did on Halloween with
"In Old Kentucky." All the town was
there and every seat was filled. If Mr.
Hall succeeds in carrying out his plans it
Is more than likely that our charming
neighbors across the bay will continue to
patronize the home theater and regain
Its lost position in the managerial heart.
Associated with C. P. Kail, the lessee of
the theater, are L. Henry and Robert
Barton, who have control of the San Jose,
Stockton, Santa Barbara and Fresno the
aters, and Guy C. Smith, long connected
with the fortunes of the Macdonough.
The policy of the theater, as outlined by
Mr. Smith, will include the keeping open
of the. house from 2 to 5 nights weekly
with as good attractions as can be had
End at a collapsible scale of prices.
Certainly the most captious critic could
hardly demand more for his money than
the initial offering of the t new manage
ment. "In Old Kentucky" is one of the
firiest of the mint julep dramas, and of all
the things that could, would or should
happen in the Bluegrass State, not one 's
left out of the bill. There is a horse race,
a couple of murders, a fire, a whisky still
raid, a dialect that cheers, a darkey band,
a much darker villain, a star rooster,
three bonny horses, a dynamite explosion
and a shot a minute among the leading
features of the drama, and the audience
took it all in with a lavish enthusiasm
born of long famine. The smell of battle
incited the gallery to deeds of daring-do
and It outhissed, outwbistled and out
stamped Morosco's in its palmiest mo
ments. Altogether, the opening of the
Macdonough Theater must be regarded as
a huge success.
We get "In Old Kentucky" to-night at
the California, and it should be said in
addition to the attractions catalogued
above that it has some of the' cleverest
buck and wing dancing that is done; a
rather charming little heroine, Alice Treat
Hunt, and that the gyrations of Wood
lawn Whangdoodles, the clever pickanin
nies that play in the good band, are odd
and amusing. •• ¦ ¦
• • •
In "The First Duchess of Marlborough," !
a play written about the first of the fa
mous Sarahs of modern history, Mrs.
Sarah Cowell Le Moine seems to have
found a fortunate outlet for her peculiar
and Individual genius. The drama itself
Is said to be a well knit and ingeniously
worked-out play, keeping well to the spirit
if not to the letter of the time it repre
sents and Is distinguished by consistent
and realistic character drawing. It is by
Charles Henry Meltzer, who is otherwise
known to fame as a playwright, and seems
to have achieved a success of rather high
order since its introduction to the public.
We shall, however, have opportunity of
Judging it for ourselves to-morrow night
at the Columbia Theater.
Besides the distinguished actress al
ready mentioned, ' who is naturally found
In the title role, there are other good play
ers in the cast of "The First 'Duchess of
Marlborough." Joseph Wilkes has the
handling of the part of Dr. Swift, also
\ "said to be" a capital piece of work. Mr.
Russell, a former support of Stuart Rob
son, has the role of the Duke of Marlbor
ough; Robert Harley, Mrs. Masham's wily
accomplice, is in the capable hands of
Frederick Paulding. and there seems to be
conscience and capability throughout the
cast.
• • •
Alice Nielsen's defection from the Prank
L. Perley Opera Company does not ap
pear to have downed the plucky little or
ganization » anything worth mentioning.
Last Sunday's Tribune of Utica, N. V.,
has a glowing account of Mr. Perley'b
latest venture, "The Chaperons," a new
musical comedy composed by Isadore Wit
mark, with a book by Frederic Ranken.
Here is a paragraph from the column and
a quarter of description and praise that
the Tribune devoted to "The Chaperons":
Gorgeous costurnee, tuneful music, and a.
book above the average la merit, are the prin
cipal Ingredients of the new musical comedy,
"The Chaperon*," which was served to Utieans
at th* Majestic yesterday In generous courses
by Frank Pel-ley's comedians. Lovers of this
style of entertainment who missed attending
•tther the afternoon cr evening . performance
. have much to regret, for "The Chaperons",
provider a most palatable feast of mirth and
music. Perley won a reputation as a lavish
producer with. the Alice Nielsen Opera Com
pany, but his present effort shows < an, appar
Guisard
EASTERN THEATRICAL STAR
WHO WILL, APPEAR HERE
MONDAY NIGHT.
ent disregard of expense as to salaries and
stage accessories*
He has gathered together a company of
comedians and vocalists that ought to make
any piece go, especially one so well constructed
as "The Chaperons." Isadore Witmark, who
Is responsible for the music, has heretofore
been known only as a composer of songs.
However, he has proven his fitness to enter a
broader field. While not what is termed
catchy, the music cf "The Chaperons" pos
seEges a charm that is extremely attractive.
Frederic Kanken has furnished a story, bright
In dialogue and one with a tangible plot that
does not get lost In the first act— as do the
majority of musical comedy plots.
• • •
Ada Rehan, brightest star of the Augus
tin Daly firmament, will come in the early
spring of next year to the Grand Opera
house to play an extended engagement
with the stock company. This Is not quite
what Miss Rehan has been accustomed
to, but it will be a very good thing for the
Grand Opera-house, whose management la
finding the policy of "star and stock" an
uncommonly good investment, by the way.
Since Daly's death Miss Rehan has done
little, seeming to lose heart with the loss
of the manager to whose genius she was
so deeply Indebted for her success. She
left the stage entirely for two years, and
since then has done but little. "Sweet
Nell of Old Drury" last year afforded this
brilliant favorite of old time a fitting op
portunity to find her way back to the
hearts of her erstwhile worshipers, but
there was competition in the role, an
other and younger woman, Henrietta
Crosman, playing the part to crowded
houses, while Miss Rehan played to many
empty benches. Her tour in "Sweet
Nell" was cut short. 11l health added its
unnecessary weight; and again Miss Re
han went into temporary retirement. But
she seems now to have recovered some of
her former bright spirit and glowing
health, and after a short tour during tho
winter will be here to pleasure us in the
spring.
Father Caraher to
An Interesting lecture will be deliverel
in St. Francis Church, on Vallejo stree:,
this evening at 8 o'clock by the rector'
the Rev. T. Caraher. The subject will b>
"Easter at the Holy Sepulcher." The
speaker will describe the extraordinary
scenes he witnessed a* the Latin anil
Greek festivals. An excellent musical pro
gramme has been arranged in connection
with the lecture. Besides an augmented
choir, under the direction of Mrs. A. B.
Collins, the following artists will sing-
Miss Maud Fay, "O Salutaris"; Mrs
Heuer Wilson, 'Hear Ye, O Israel"; MiS3
Daisy Keane, "Laudamus Te"; Charles
Hay, "The Holy City," and special choir
"Praise Ye the Lord." Tickets can be had
for B0 cents at the parochial residence, 620
Vallejo street. Heserved seats are 25 cents
extra.
Civil Service Examination.
The Municipal Civil • Service Commis
sioners yesterday extended the time for
filing applications lor the position of En
gineer's and Surveyor's office assistant,
Bureau of Engineering, to Wednesday
next, November 6, at 5 p. m. The exam
ination will be held Thursday, November
7, at 9 a. m. There is one position, with a
salary of JIOO per month.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL Glace Fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend's •
Look out 81 4th, front of barber; best
eyeglasses, specs, gold plated, 10c to 40a •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's?, 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
Publication Office <3*a|g|a^j|> Market and Third, S. F.
ON Friday night, Mr. Wells, you made some more speeches. You spoke out in the Rich
mond district. The questions asked of you were in the night air. Why did you say
you would not have run if you had known the kind of Supervisor ticket that would be
nominated with you? Why did you say you would go off the ticket if Flint didn't go on?
These and other burning questions followed you to Richmond Hall, and how did you an
swer them?
Here is your answer j Mr. Wells: "A few years ago I had no idea that I would be able to
address a meeting at this place. At that time it was rolling sand. A great many people thought
that sand never could be controlled. But they found that sand can be controlled."
Now, Mr. Wells, that was not g categorical answer, but was it an allegorical answer? No
one cares whether years ago you foresaw that you could make a speech in that district, for you
can't make a speech anywhere. But speaking of sand and its control, you showed "sand" once,
and people thought it could not be controlled. That was when you told the Bulletin: "As head
of this ticket I have some rights, and they must be respected. If Flint is not put on the ticket, I
go off." That was good sand, but alas! like that of the Richmond district it was controlled. You
surrendered your rights, gave up Flint and did not go off the ticket! The Richmond sands are
kin to your sand, Mr. Wells — they have both been controlled. But the people want to know who
controlled your sand. That is the issue you raised yourself when you showed sand. You cannot
evade the question by turning public attention to the sands of Richmond.
The same night you spoke in If ayes Valley. The people still wanted to know who con
trolled your sand, But you said: "I am glad to greet you as Republicans. I have been so, many
years longer than most of you have been on earth."
Nobody has denied your patriarchal age, Mr. Wells. You showed it in the next sentence
of your .speech when you said: "The Mayor must have good Supervisors, and they are the legis
lators of the city. If those on the Republican ticket should be elected yon will have a good gov
ernment. I do not think it necessary to touch on the issues."
That shows that your sand is under better control than the sand of Richmond. You said
in the beginning that the Supervisors on your ticket were so bad that you would have refused to
run with them had they been nominated first. You demanded that Flint go upon the ticket in
order to have one man on the board upon whom you could depend. And now you say if those
same Supervisors are elected we will have good government! We fear, Mr. Wells, that your sand
is not merely under control, but that it has run out of your political gizzard entirely.
The same evening you said to a German club that you had formulated your policy, and it
would be published for everybody to read. But, Mr. Wells, you have done that before. You
formulated your policy in an ultimatum that did you great credit when you said, "Either Flint
goes on the ticket or Igo off." The people read that and liked it. But you did not stick to it.
You did not do as your formulated policy said you would. So what is the use of formulating an
other policy, when your sand is under control? Who knows that you will stick to it any better
than you did to your other ultimatum? Your sand then was no better than sawdust.
Mr. Wells, take our advice, answer those questions or quit. Do as your first policy re
quired, and get off the ticket. Don't wait to be put off next Tuesday, but get off now, and fall
back on your O. P. S., your various "vicinities," and your large house up the avenue.
THE DATE IN CALIFORNIA.
THE date palm grows all over California. Along the sidewalks in our towns where people
throw date seeds the plants spring up, and the tree is among our most valued palms on
lawns and avenues. Only at a few places, however, does it ripen its fruit. The Wolfskill
grove, in Yolo County, produces edible dates, and so do trees in Oroville. But in no case
has there been any demonstration of the commercial value r>nd importance of the dried date. Now,
however, there seems a prospect that the date may become of commercial importance in this
State and be added to our export fruits.
Mr. Walter T. Swingle, a gentleman who is likely to rank with Burbank as a benefactor of
the agriculture and horticulture of the United Stated, has been making a specialty of the intro
duction of the date. He is one of the explorers employed by the section of seed and plant intro
duction of the Agricultural Department at Washington, and has already had much to do with the
introduction of the blastophaga, the minute insect that pollinates the Smyrna fig, and has now in
hand the introduction of the large variety of the pistachio nut, which by reason of its late bloom
promises to add an important feature to our nut production. This pistachio is eaten like the
almond, and has not the fault of precocity which causes the almond bloom to be caught by spring
frosts in many parts of the State. He is' also interested in domesticating here the truffle oak,
Quercus ilex, under which the finest truffles grow. But his most important work is with the date.
The Agricultural Department has lately issued his illustrated report on "The Date Palm
and Its Culture," which is of literary, scientific and practical interest to Californians. All date
eaters will read it with profound pleasure, and all rural economists who desire to see the great
capacities of California all in action will hail it as a promise of great things.
The date is one of the oldest cultivated plants, but many will learn for the first time from
Mr. Swingle's admirable paper that there are dates and dates, the varieties being as distinct as the
different varieties of apples, peaches or grapes. Mr. Swingle says that of the three principal types
of dafes cultivated by the Arabs only one is exported to Europe and the United States. This is
called by the Arabs the soft date, 60 per cent of its weight being sugar, and the fruit being so full
of sweet syrup that it has to drain off before shipment. The second type has a less percentage of
sugar, does not dry readily, and is, therefore, usually eaten fresh from the tree. The third are
called dry dates, unknown outside of Arabia, but highly esteemed by the Arabs. They are not soft
when ripe, and keep for years in dry storage. This type will never be popular here. Each of these
general types has several varieties. The Wolfskill dates on Colonel Sam Taylor's place at Win
ters are of the second type, delicious as a fresh fruit, and Mr. Swingle says that several varieties of
this type may flourish in Northern California. But the Rahrs, Tedella and other sugary sorts
require great heat and dryness of air with copious irrigation. The Amreeyeh and Seewah have
borne near Phoenix, Arizona, 300 and 400 pounds of fruit, which sold readily for 40 cents a
pound. But Mr. Swingle regards the Deglet Noor, or "date of the light," as the king o.f the
dates. It is of medium size, translucent, with soft flesh of most exquisite flavor. But few of these
dates reach the United States, because they are so eagerly sought in Europe. These are only a
few of the thousands of varieties of this ancient fruit whose cultivation began in the valley of the
Euphrates by a race long extinct.
Mr. Swingle made the camel back journey to an oasis in the Sahara where the Deglet
Noor is cultivated, and succeeded in exporting a large number of the trees. They were wrapped,
loaded on camels on May 19, 1900, and began the long journey across the African desert to
Biskra, where they were freighted by rail to Algiers, whence they were shipped to New York, arriv
ing July 3. The Southern Pacific Railway gave them free transportation to Arizona, where they
were planted near Tempe on July 25, 1900, just two months and six days after they left the casis
in Chott Melrirh. It is remarkable that in the following October 93 per tent of the trees were
alive and that over 70 per cent are now growing.
Mr. Swingle made a complete study of temperature and climatic conditions necessary for
the growth of these dates, and finds these exactly reproduced on the Colorado Desert in this State.
He says that California has two great regions where dates will become of commercial im
portance, one being the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys, the other the Colorado Desert.
He says that with the exception of one tree at ' Nice, in France, in latitude 43 north, the Wolf
skill palms at Winters, latitude 38 north, are the northernmost date palms in the world that ripen
their fruit, but the same variety will ripen much farther north, as proved by his stu:dy of the
climate and temperature at Orland, Corning, Vina, Tehama, Red Bluff and even Redding, in lati
tude 40. He also gives a list of the varieties that will be suitable for all this region.
But the Deglet Noor may cover a thousand square miles in the Colorado Desert, where
the temperatures are as high as on the Sahara. Using the water of the Colorado River for irri
gation, that desolate region may be made to produce the finest dates in the world, and add a large
value to the fruit export of California. We advise Californians to get Mr. Swingle's report, and we
promise that they will not lay it down until it is read through, and that they will turn to it again
and again. Its author is now in this city, at the California Hotel, where he is arranging for the in
troduction of new forage plants and other things of value to the State.
It is stated that the woman who went over Niagara in a barrel has received a half dozen""
offers of marriage, so any woman who wishes to get a husband has only to follow her example.
AH! MR,. "VSTEIjXjS.
MUSICAL RECITALS
FOR CITY'S POOR ARE
SADLY WANTING.
Blanche Partington
HERE Is what ""W. M." thinks of
the musical situation in San
Francisco. As he says much that
is in need of saying, I give his
letter— too long held over for lack
of space — in its entirety:
"Will you kindly use your influence toward the
organization of a series of weekly popular con
certs this coming winter in San Francisco? By
"concerts" I mean instrumental recitals of all
accepted kinds, choral or oratorio perform
ances, as well as vocal recitals. But In par
ticular the real need I should like to emphasize
is that of high-class music at popular prices.
I Know the disheartening and pessimistic re
ply that nine out of every ten people give when
the above subject Is broached: that It has been
tried and found a failure, that no one will go
to such concerts at 10, 13 and 25 cents (the
prices for admission at existing popular re- j
sorts). ' May I ask when the last experiment
was made upon which these objections are
based? I have been In the city five years and
have kept an eye on the advertising; columns,
but have failed to hear of any concerts other
.than the exclusive and fashionable social func
tion, the price and very often the hour of
which are evidently fixed with the Intention of
keeping the "hoi polloi" out of range.
Surely the immense and orderly audiences
that attended several days In succession at the
Mechanics' Institute to hear the free recitals
on the Stanford organ rebut the contention that !
the "people" of San Francisco are non-musical I
and unappredatlva of such . possibilities as [
those recitals afforded for the lover of sweet I
sounds. Again, it Is Inconceivable In a
city where so many thousands of the Inhabit
ants are from Eastern cities or European coun
tries, where popular music is almost part of ;
the air they breathe, that It can be said truly
there Is no demand for the cheap evening con- ;
cert, an essential and most precious element ;
among the legitimate recreations of a great ¦
city. That San Francisco, with its 400,000 popu
lation, is without a municipal art gallery may '
not be a reproach, but that there is no place :
in the remotest degree resembling a music hall
seems to me to Indicate a strange hiatus In the
catalogue of local attractions.
Where are our public-spirited and wealthy
citizens? It does not take a musical enthusiast
to appreciate the high moral and I intellectual
value of good music given under appropriate |
auspices and brought easily within the means j
of the masses. Any one who has seen any- j
thing of the world in its holiday and leisure I
moments cannot ¦ but desire (If he has any In- \
terest at all In the community's welfare) tha j
raising of the average standard of recreation
(so-called). It Is unnecessary to specify; in San j
Francisco . the places and resorts are only too
numerous and prominent where our youth and
country cousins are Invited Into drinking dens
or dives with . apparently no attempt mads by
others than the exploiters of the frail side of
humanity to provide satisfaction to the natural
Instincts of the toller seeking ' needed change
after a bard day's labor.
. Where . are our churchmen and philanthro
pists in this matter? Even If the wealthy, who
are provided with their own forms of amuse
ment, stand aloof, I am sure the musical cir
cles of the city, co-operating with the churches,
could, if . they would, set about directing pub
lic and civic sentiment toward the establish
ment not only of a grand central music hall,
with halls for chamber concerts and choral fes
tivals on occasion, but also of smaller halls In
crowded districts for * weekly musical • enter
tainments. Branch libraries are all very well
but reading does not always flll the void, and I
maintain that the feelings and emotions need
at least as careful attention and cultivation as
the Intellect. •-
If funds at first came In slowly volunteer ef
fort could be called for and would no doubt be
forthcoming.
In fact, there must be many. local amateurs
who would regard It as a pleasure and privilege
to devote an evening occasionally toward a pub
lic entertainment, without fee being desired
On the whole, perhaps it would be wiser to
begin In this way.. with a weekly concert in
some central hall such as the Metropolitan on
Saturday or Sunday night preferably That
such a series. if conducted by an able and en
ergetic'committee, would form the nucleus of
a , beneficcft and prosperous civic Institution Is
the conviction of the writer.
For the credit of San Francisco I am
glad . to say that the case is not quite
so .black as »W. M." ¦ Imatf ries ft tn Jl
7u,t IS' been many att to found
Just such a concert series astkat f«
which he ipleads,^ though for one
reason and another they have always
TWO OF THE CLEVER LITTLE
ACTORS IN JTTVENILE OPERA
COMPANY FROM AUSTRALIA.
fallen through. The last attempt of the
kind, and one of tha most notable, was
the series of popular concerts Inaugurated
last spring by the Twentieth Century Oub
at Metropolitan Hall. These concerts
were under the direction of Professor
Hermann Genss, who provided a high
class popular programme at prices from
50 cents down to 15 cents. The first con
cert, for -which 5000 free tickets were dis
tributed, was crowded. Coupons admitting
to the second concert on payment of 15
cents were distributed at the first con
cert, but only seventy-five of these were
turned in. The cost of these concerts to V
the Twentieth Century Club was from |73
to $105. including everything from talent
to printing. There were five In the series
all told. None of the concerts "paid."
The third was so sparsely attended that
the Metropolitan Hall was given up. Tha
remaining entertainments took place In a
smaller hall.
Now these concerts were well adver
tised, they were high In tone, yet not
above the heads of those to whom they
made their appeal, they were popular In
price and given in the most central hall
In the city. Yet they failed and one con
tinues to wander why.
• • •
To-morrow nfght the Pollard "kiddles,"
the cleverest youngsters that ha.ye hap
pened here for some time, will hold the
fort at the Tlvoli In "The Belle of New
York." The Pollard Juvenile Opera. Com
pany, to give the band of light-hearted,
glib-lipped, restless "kiddies" their chris
tened name, contains about fifty children,
whose ages range from 8 to 14. and who
have a repertoire of twenty-odd Ilgbt
operas. They wDf give at the Tlvoli dux-
Ing a fonr weeks' season "The Belle of
New York." "A Gaiety Ofrl," —The Gei
sha" and "In Town." Thi* fs their first
American appearance.
• • •
The Damroseh leetttre-redtals and littla
Enid Brandt's piano recitals are amontv
the chief musical events of the week. Mr.
Damroseh' s lectures are certain to attract
a considerable contingent among' the
music lovers, who win rightly earttmata
the Important advantage of hearing his
lucid and comprehensive interpretation of
the great Wagner works that he has thi*
year chosen for hia subjects, before their
production at the Grand Opera-house. Tha
first recital on Tuesday afternoon at th»
California Theater will be on "Parsifal,"
the last of the Bayreuth monopolies: on
Thursday afternoon "Die Meistersinger"
will be given, and on the following Tues
day "Tristan and Isolde," the latter two
of which will both be heard here.
Enid Brandt will play at Sherman &
Clay Hall next Tuesday. Much Interest is
manifested In the recital of the wonderful
I little child.
• • •
It Is very good news that Creator*. wi*a
| his splendid band, will be again heard
I here this week in six concerts, beginning
i Wednesday evening, at the Metropolitan
! Temple. Popular priced matinees are to
j be given on Thursday and Saturday after
noons, and no ona who has the oppor
tunity to hear this excellent band should
{ miss it.
ADVEKTISEIOfirrS.
BREAKS UP
CATARRHAL
COLDS
A Cold partly suspends an!-«
mation, the spirits droop,
languor displaces energy; this
is the effect of a Cold on the
stomach, liver and nervous
system — numbed vitality.
The use of Dr. Humphreys'
Specific "Seventy-Seven" re-
stores the numbed vitals,
makes the blood tingle, re-
lieves the congestion, arouses
the Sluggish liver, permits th.©^
system to cleanse itself, andl
"breaks up" the Cold.
At mil druggists S3 cents, or mailed oa neaipl
of price. Doctor's Bock mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicln* JOk, a«e«
ncr William and John sts.. Now Tot*.PATTOSIEN'S.
Bargains are the rays of
sunlight that Pattosien sheds
into thousands upon thou-
sands of homes 1
There is but one place to
get genuine bargains in Fur-
niture, Carpets. and House-
hold Goods — that is at the
Great Price-Cutter's in the
Mission, where they are given
generously with an honest
hand!
Now is the time that the
People want bargains !
Now is the time for win-
ter things, for Parlor Suites,
Chamber Suites, richly up-
holstered Furniture of all
kinds, and for Carpets, Rugs,
Linoleum and Stoves !
Pattosien was never known
to disappoint!
People are all alike. They
may change their clothing,
but they never change their
natures ! It's human nature
to want all that you can get !
It's Pattosien's nature to see
that you get it.
Suppose you are thinking
2bout having a new Carpet?
Pattosien shows yoa only
the finest woven and the
newest designs in the World
in Axminsters, Maquettes,
Velvets, Body Brussels, Tap-
estries and All Wools. Pat-
tosien's is the only place to
get a Carpet, because he has
only the best, the mo^t beau-
tiful and the newest ! '
Roxbury Carpets, sewed
and laid jsc
Cop. 16th and Mission
. . . FOR . . .
MAYOR,
JOSEPH S. TOBIN,
Democratic Nominee.
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEES
1901
FOR MAYOR,
ASA R. WELLS
Auditor..... HARRY BAEHR
District Attorney. .ARTHUR G. FISK
County Cierk A. B. MAHONY I
, Sheriff JOHN LACKMANN
Treasurer JOHN E. McDOUGALD
Recorder .CHAS. E. COREY
City Attorney J. E. BARRY
Public Administrator JOHN FARNHAM
Tax Collector E. J. SMITH
Coroner  DR. C. A. GLOVER
D,. , , )' FRANK P. HAYNES
Po!,C3 Judges ) CHAS> LQW
FOR SUPERVISORS.
J. F. Abeam Dr. Cbas. Boxton
Geo. Alpers Wra. H. Cobb
Percy Beamish Thos. W. Collins
F. N. Bent Fred Eggers
Fred Frankenthal Gee. R. Sanderson
In. H. George Chas. H. Stanyan
Alfred LilienfeU Jas. M. Wilkins
J. Win. Offennann Horace Wilson
P. J. McWilliams . Jos. S. Nyland
. . FOR . . ;
AUDITOR
HARRY BAEHR,
Regular Republican Nominee. .
VOTE FOR «"f
Democratic Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
Ctacumhrnt > |
MISCELLANEOUS.
PATTOSIEN'S.
Nobody needs a good start
so much as those just begin-
ning housekeeping. A good
start means the big, honest
lift that the Great Price-Cut-
ter gives them I
Kind deeds are never for-
gotten, and they are never
done except by such a mer-
chant as The Great Mission
Merchant. 2^ per cent off
on all of Pattosien's Chamber
Suites.
The Great Mission Mer-
chant is the warning red
light at the danger crossing !
He warns you of the High-
Price Combine ! Their pub-
lications are misleading and
their ways are deceitful ! In
Pattosien you have the friend
and protector you can place
your faith in I Where
dares to lead you can safely
dare follow !
Pattosien's method is the
honest ways of honest peo-
ple. He wants to provide
you with the best house-
hold goods. It's a pleasure
to him for you to have beau-
tiful Furniture, elegant Car-
pets, handsome Ornaments
and all the housekeeping
utensils you need.
Pattosien has tens of thou-
sands of friends he has made
and not an enemy he de-
serve?.
Meanness breaks the back-
bone of any generous act.
Pattosien is generous by
nature.
Bis, splendid 16.00
Enamel Seel Beds for. .12.^0
Cor. Mission and 16th
FOR MAYOR,
ASA R. WELLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
For...
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee. \
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
Fop RECORDER,
Chas. E. Corey
Republican Nominee.
FOR TAX COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
" Democratic Nominee } -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
THANKSGIVING
PROCLAMATION
President Appoints Day
to Render Praise to
the Almighty.
Refers to Nation's Sad Loss
and the Keen Anxiety of
the People.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.-President
Roosevelt to-day issued his proclamation
fixing Thursday, November 28, aa a day
of national thanksgiving. It follows:
A PROCLAMATION.
The season is nigh when, according to the
time-hallowed custom of our people, the Presi
dent appoints a day as the especial occasion for
praise and thanksgiving to <3<>d. This Thanks
giving finds the people still bowed with sorrow
for the death of a great and good President.
We mourn President McKinley because we so
loved and honored him, and the manner of his
death should awaken In the breasts of our
people a keen anxiety for the country and at
the same time a resolute purpose not to be
driven by any calamity from the path of strong,
orderly, popular liberty which, as a nation,
we have thus far safely trod.
Yet in spite of this great disaster it is never
theless true that no people on earth have such
abundant cause for thanksgiving as we have.
The past ytar in particular has been one of
peace and plenty. We have prospered in things
material and have been able to work for our
own uplifting in things intellectual and spir
itual. L«t us remember that as much has been
given us much will be expected from us, and
that true homage comes from the heart as
well as from the lips and shows Itself In
deeds. We can best prove our thankfulness to
the Almighty by the way in which on this
earth and at this time each of us does his duty
to his fellow men.
Now. therefore, I, Theodore Roosevelt. Presi
dent of the United States, do hereby designate
as a day of general thankbglving Thursday,
the 28th day of this present November, and do
recommend that throughout the land the people
cease from thmir wonted occupations and at
their several homes and places of worship
thank the giver of all good for the countless
blessings of our national life.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the »eal of the United States
to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this second
day of November, In the year of our Lord one
thousand nine hundred and one, and of the in
dependence of the United States the one hun
dred and twenty-sixth.
(Seal) THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
By the President:
JOHN HAT, Secretary of StaU.
PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
Insolvency were filed yesterday In the United
States District Court as follows: Charles H.
Osborn, clerk in the office of the United States
Naval Officer, liabilities HJ27, assets none;
Adolph Frank, shoe merchant, Marysville lia
bilities $7469. assets $2080.
HAIR NATURALLY ABUNDANT.
"When It Is Free of Dandruff It
Grows Luxuriantly.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures,
as a rule, are sticky or irritating affairs
that do no earthly good. Hair, when not
diseased, grows naturally, luxuriantly.
Dandruff is the cause of nine-tenths of all
hair trouble, and dandruff is caused by
a germ. The only way to cure dandruff
is to kill the germ; and, so far, the only
hair preparation that will positively de-
stroy the germ is Newbro's Herpicide —
absolutely harmless, free from grease,
sediment, dye matter or dangerous i drugs.
It allays itching instantly; makes hair
glossy and soft as silk. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." — dandruff.
POLITICAL.
DEMOCRATIC
MUNICIPAL
TICKET.
We confidently ask the support
of all good citizens in recogni-
tion of actual services rendered
them by our nominees.
City Government is business,
not politics. Only faithless ser-
vants should be dismissed. The
policy of rewarding fidelity to
trust will protect the people and
insure honest service. Our nom-
inees are true and tried men.
Support them in your own in-
terest.
MAYOR.
JOSEPH S. TOBIN.
SUPERVISORS.
WILLIAM T. BOCK.
J. P. BOOTH.
H. IT. BRANDENSTEIir.
SAMTJEL BRAUNHABT.
JAMES BUTLER.
A, OOMTE JR.
JOHN CONNOR.
P. J. CURTIS.
A. A. D'ANCONA.
L. J. DWYER.
JOHN LANDERS.
KNOX MADDOX.
William n. McCarthy.
HENRY PAYOT.
MAURICE V. SAMUELS.
HENRY J. STAFFORD.
LUTHER WAGONER.
WILLIAM D. WASSON.
AUDITOR.
JOHN H. WISE.
CITY ATTORNEY.
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
LEWIS 11.I 1 . BYINGTON.
TREASURER.
S. H. BROOKS.
RECORDER.
EDMOND GODCHAUX.
COUNTY CLERK.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER.
TAX COLLECTOR.
JOSEPH FASSLER.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR..
P. ROLAND.
SHERIFF.
J. S. WARDEIL.
CORONER.
DR. T. B. W. LELAND.
policOjdges.
A. J. FRITZ.
C. T. CONLAN.
FIVE THOUSAND
FRESH SOLDIERS
Soon to Depart for Manila
to Relieve Short
Term Men.
Commissioner Wright Is Ap
pointed Vice Governor of
the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.-Lieutenant
General Miles has adopted the following
arrangements for sending troops to the
Philippines to replace the four regiments
of short term men which are to be
brought home within the next few
months:
Two battalions of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry, to sail from San Francisco on the
Grant on the 15th inst. ; one battalion of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry, to sail from
San Francisco on the Warren December
1; a squadron of the Eleventh Cavalry,
to sail from San Francisco about Decem
ber 15, on a transport not yet selected; a
squadron of the Eleventh Cavalry, sta
tioned at Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont, to
sail from New York on the Crook about
December 1; a squadron of the Eleventh
Cavalry, stationed at Fort Myer, Virginia,
to sail from New York on the Buford Jan
uary 15.
In addition to the troops named, it is
proposed also to send a large number of
recruits for the purpose of filling the
quotas of depleted regiments in the Phil
ippines. The Eleventh Cavalry and the
Twenty-eighth Infantry aggregate about
2400 men, and the present plan is to send
out with them about the same number of
recruits, thus providing nearly 5000 fresh
soldiers for the relief of those coming
home.
Secretary Root 'to-day received a cable
message from Governor Taft at Manila,
saying he had been successfully operated
on for a minor trouble and expected to be
all right again in about two weeks. It
was announced at the War Department
that Governor Taft's condition will not
necessitate his return to this country.
Hon. Luke E. Wright, the senior mem
ber of the Philippine Commission after
Governor Taft, has been appointed Vice
Governor of the islands, in order to meet
just such an emergency as has arisen
through the present indisposition of the
Governor. His tenure is explained in the
following order, signed by the President
and dated November 1:
"Hon. Luke E. Wright is appointed
Vice Governor with authority to act as
Civil Governor of the Philippine Islands
whenever the Civil Governor is incapaci
tated by illness or certifies that his tem
porary absence from the seat of govern
ment will make it necessary for the Vice
Governor to exercise such powers and du
ties. THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
Father Crowley's Suit.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Rev. Jeremiah J.
Crowley to-day entered suit in the Su
preme Court for $50,000 against the Rev.
Francis J. Barry, chancellor of the Catho
lic archdiocese of Chicago. The suit is
the outgrowth of Father Crowley's recent
excommunication and expulsion from the
church, following charges which he made
against Father Muldoon, then about to be
consecrated as a Bishop.
Burglars Blow Vault Open.
DES MOINES, la., Nov. 2.— The bank of
J. C. Currier & Sons at Salix, la., was
entered by burglars last night and the
vault blown open. Four explosions were
heard, awakening a man rooming near
by. The robbers disappeared as he came
on the scene and failed to secure any
booty.
POLITICAL.
CARD.
To the Members of the
CALIFORNIA LIQUOR
DEALERS' ASSO-
CIATION
AND •THEIR FRIENDS:
You are hereby notified that at a regular I
meeting of the above association, held j
October 24, 1901, it was decided NOT TO 1
INDORSE any candidate for Mayor or j
candidates for Supervisors. You are there-
fore at liberty ta use your own judgment
in the coming election.
I>o not be misled by circulars con- i
taining names of candidates now be-
ing distributed by the S. F. Protec-
tive Association, an organization pur-
porting to represent the United Retail
Liquor Interests of San Francisco.
These circulars are evidently intended
to mislead members of our organization
and the general public.
(Signed.) E. L.. WAGNER, President.
WILLIAM CLACK. Recording Sec'ty.
BOARD OF DIRECTOR* :
Joseph King James F. Cheetham
J W. Larsen M. F. O;Connor
John D. CoEhlin Frank Dunn
C. D. Mancela Charles M. Fisher
j w\ Crowe William Lalb
J J Boyle M. Ludwlg
F N. Bent T. Lunstedt
James L. Ward J. Michel
Charles L. Adams Charles Mitchell
H W. Muiler Thomas H. Lindsay
James Calrnes D. R. Dunbar
Jesse K. Mark«
S. H. BROOKS
For Treasurer.
This is one of the most Important departments
of our city government and should be kept en-
tirely free from politics.
Mr. Brooks, the present Treasurer, has con-
ducted the office on business principles, giving
great satisfaction. He was formerly the United
States Sub-Treasurer in this city and has a
public record of which any man may be proud.
Mr. Brooks should be' re-elected.
Fop SHERIFF,
John Lackmann,
Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEB.
Al Pr flftlfll Corner Fourth and
PULL UIIV ft I Marke '. S. F. Try
I 11 T r XIII 11 I our Special Brew,
1 H I t LJ \H L Steam and Lager.
Ulll L. MVIMU- Overcoats trad
valises checked free.
SAY CZOLGOSZ
IS NOT INSANE
Physicians Make Public
the Report of Their
Examinations. .
Declare That the Assassin
Was the Product of
Anarchy.
BUFFALO, Nov. 2.— Doctors Fowler,
Crego and Putnam, the scientists who
were requested by District Attorney
Penny to examine into the mental condi
tion of Leon F. Czolgosz, the assassin of
President McKinley, have made public
their report, in which they state as the
result of examination and from the re
ports of his watches and his behavior in
court, that he was sane at the time he
planned the murder when he shot the
President and when he was on trial.
His first examination was but a few
hours after the commission of the crime
ana while he was still uninformed of the
fate of his victim. During the first three
examinations Czolgr3Z answered ques
tions unhesitatingly. After that, how
ever, he became more cautious and less
communicative. He had a common school
education, the reports s»y, and read and
wrote well, During the first day's ex
amination he said he planned killing the
President three or four d v ays after he
came to Buffalo. The report then re
calls in Czolgosz's own words, the as
sassin's account of the murder of Presi
dent McKinley. The sanity of the pris
oner was told:
From the history of his life as It came from
him. He had been sober, Industrious and law
abiding until he was 21 years of age; he was,
as others of his class, a believer .in the Govern
ment of this country and of the religion of his
fathers. After he cast his first vote he made
the acquaintance of anarchistic leaders who in
vited him to their meetings. He was a good
listener, and in a short time he adopted their
theories. He was consistent in his adherence
to anarchy. He did not believe in the Govern
ment, therefor he refused to vote. He did not
believe in marriage, because he did not belit-vt
in law. He killed the President because he
was a ruler, and Czolgosz believed as he was
taught that all rulers were tyrants, and that
to kill a ruler would benefit the people. He re
fused a lawyer because he did not believe in
law, lawyers or courts.
"We come to the conclusion that in the hold
ing of these views Czolgosz was sane, because
these opinions were formed gradually under
the influence of anarchistic leaders and pro
pagandists. In Czolgosz they found a willing
and intelligent tool, one who had the courage
of his convictions, regardless of personal con
sequences. The most careful questioning failed
to discover any hallucinations of sight or hear
ing. He had received no special command; he
did not believe he had been especially chosen to
do the deed. He always spoke of his motive for
the crime as duty; he always referred to the
anarchists' belief that the killing of rulers was
a duty. He never claimed the idea of killing
the President was original with him, but the
method of accomplishing his purpose was liis
and that he did it alone. He was not a case
of paranera because he did not have systema
tized delusions reverting to self, and because
he was in exceptionally good condition and had
an unbroken record of good health. His capa
city for labor had always been good and equal
to that of his fellows. These facts all tend to
prove that the man had an unimpaired mind.
He had false beliefs, the result of false teach
ing and not the result of disease. He was nut
to be classed «as a degenerate, because we did
not find the stigmata of degeneration. Physi
cally he did not have a history of cruelty or of
perverted tastes and habits. He was the pro
duct of anarchy, sane and responsible.
INGENIOUS DEVICE
CATCHES A THIEF
Henry Sfavary Is Discovered in the
Aft of Robbing a Poor
Box.
The poor box at the Tolesia de Nuestra
Senora de Guadalupe Church on Broad
way, between Mason and Taylor streets,
had been so often robbed that recently the
rector. Rev. Father Santandreu, had it
attached to the floor by a chain and con
nected a wire between it and his study,
so that if any one lifted it from the floor
the bell would ring.
Yesterday afternoon about 2 o'clock the
bell rang and Father Santandrgu hurried
into the church. A man was there, and
in trying to run away had stumbled and
fallen on the floor. He was detained by
the rector till a messenger brought Spe
cial Officer O. H. Berge to the scene. The
officer took the man to the City Prison,
where he said his name was Henry Sav
ary, • a cook by occupation. He denied
touching the poor box and said it must
have been done by a man he saw leaving
the church.
The rector called at the prison later and
preferred a charge of attempt to commit
petty larceny against Savary.
Mrs. Ladewig Wants New Trial.
Adrienne B. Ladewig, whose huSband,
Arthur E. Dadewig, a prominent young
real estate man, secured a divorce from
her a month ago, is not satisfied with the
judgment rendered by Judge Seawell and
will move for a new trial of the suit.
When the divorce was granted Judge Sea
well ordered Ladewig to pay to Mrs.
Ladewig $25 per month for the support of
their child, the custody of which was
given to the mother. In the affidavit filed
by Mrs. Ladewig yesterday in support of
the notice that a motion for a new trial
would be made she claims that $50 per
month should be allowed and asks for
that sum pendente lite.
Larsen Easily Bunkoed.
Two men went to the cigar store of Os
car L. O. Larsen, 333 Third street, Friday
evening, representing themselves as store
keepers in Port Costa, and purchased $55
worth of cigars. They gave him a check
on the Anglo-Callfornian Bank signed
"Smith & Jones" for the account, dated
October 1, and went away with the cigars.
When Larsen went to the bank yesterday
morning he was told no such people had
an account there and no such firm wa3
known in Port Costa. He secured war
rants from Judge Cabanies yesterday for
the arrest of "John Doe" and "Richard
Roe" on a charge of obtaining property
by false pretenses. »
Tabor Was Held Up.
William A. Tabor, commissary sergeant
on the transport Grant, was held up by
three young men shortly after 2 o'clock
yesterday morning in front of Martin's
saloon, 833 Howard street. Tabor shouted
for help and Martin and some men who
were drinking at the bar ran outside and
the young robbers bolted without getting
any booty. Tabor had be,en drinking, but
he was able to describe one of the robbers
as 5 feet 9 inches tall, of slim build, about
19 years of age, which answers the de
scription of a youth who has figured in
more than one hold-up in the same lo
cality.
The Union Labor party, the Democrat*
and Republicans have broken away from
the heads of their tickets and are going
to vote for Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for Mayo-.
Write his name at the head of the blank
column. •
Charges Against Mri. Smith.
Two complaints were sworn to before
Judge Mogan yesterday against Mrs.
Marie Smith, who was arrested Thursday
for obtaining money by falsely represent
ing that she was a collector for the In
fants' Shelter. The complaining wit
nesses arc John H. Mcc, attorney, 530 Cal
ifornia street, and C. A. Hooper, 204 Front
street.
Ale Drinking Now the Fashion.
EVANS' ALE has done more to increase the
popularity of ale drinking in recent years than
all other brands combined. Leading places. •
Montirichard Gets Five Months.
E. Montirichard, a boy of 18 years of
age, had a charge of burglary against
him reduced to petty larceny by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and was sentenced to
five months in the County Jail. He broke
into the room of Charles Harre at 1130
Market street and had stolen a few arti
cles, when Harre discovered him and
thrashed him.
Pile and Fistula Cure.
Sample treatment Red Qross Pile and Fistula
Cure and book on piles free to any address.
Rea Co.. Dept. 2, Minneapolis, Minn. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Another Silk
Sale
The Silk Sales we have been having during the past six
weeks have been the talk of San Francisco. Our New York
buyers have been especially fortunate in gathering together
some bargains from the manufacturers, and, from time to
time, these bargains have been placed on sale at retail. in
our stores. To-morrow we offer for 95c one of the great-
est values in black taffeta silk we have ever seen.
The other Silk Special is a colored taffeta for much less
money, but an excellent value.
A Great Bi!k Value-
To-morrow we place on sale for the first time a 27-inch black taffeta
silk that is now selling in the New York stores at $1.25 a yard — this
silk is a standard make and the guarantee is woven on the selvage of
every yard — this is an opportunity to buy a silk at a special pricV which
you will regret if you overlook it — the sale begin 3 to-morrow and
lasts until the silk is sold t 95e Yard
Another Good Silk Special —
A 19-inch taffeta silk in light blue, tan, nile, reseda, lavender, violet,
mode, delf and old rose — was recently purchased in New York at a tre-
mendous saving — this silk was originally made to sell at 85c a yard, and
several weeks ago we sold the first lot entirely out within two or three
days — the second lot has now arrived and goes on sale to-morrow
59 C< Yard
New Fancy Silks-
Over 25 patterns in stripes and figured designs will be shown— all black
and white effects — very stylish and much in vogue in New York and
the East— sl.oo, 85c and 75c Yard
Tailor-Made Suits.
Special V/alues.
Tailor- Made Suits -
We place on sale to-morrow a tailor-made suit, tailor stitched, of peb-
ble cheviot, at a special price — these suits are made with the new grad-
uated flounce, the dip front jacket is silk-lined — they come in black
only — a modest effect and very stylish $13.0© Each
Venetian Cloth Suits—
In the very newest hair line stripes — the stripes are white and the suits
either navy or black — velvet collar and cuffs, dip front jacket, satin
lined, graduated flounce skirt — very stylish, particularly well made and
being well made is a perfect fit $2©.00 Each
Tan Coats —
Three-quarter length tan kersey coats— tailor-made, silk-lined, ssmi-
tight back with the new bell sleeves— just the thing for winter wear-
en sale beginning to-morrow $15. 00 Each
PACIFIC PARLOR'S
TWENTIETH ANNIVERSARY
Delightful Function Given by a Sub
ordinate of the Native
Sons.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, Native Sons of the
Golden West, was 20 years old last Friday,
and it celebrated that event by a ball in
Native Sons' Hall. This subordinate, one
of the most important of the Native Sons'
organization, gave this function in keep
ing with its well known reputation for
managing social affairs within the rules
that govern society. The decoration of
the dance hall was in the parlor's colors,
gold and white, emblematic of the wealth
of the State and the purity of motives
that govern the membership, while the
stage was a bank of white and de«p yel
low roses, resting on palms and ferns,
from the upper framework to the foot
lights. It was an evening dress affair, ao
there were many exquisite costumes on
the floor worn by many of San Fran
cisco's fairest native daughters. The first
number on the dance programme was a
waltz to enchanting music from the
orchestra, concealed behind the floral
sta-ge curtain. Then there were eleven
other regular numbers and three extras.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney E. J. Banning, president of the parlor,
was the floor director and Dr. T. B. Roche
<g^& 1 111 0G
JmmM' I iphpQ
ra jrtAv'^i P ri The craze in the East this year .a
¦ rjXrM S/^3k. a tg or fox scarfs. "We Illustrate a sa-
H Afflf* lv<vv4Brv ta Rl ble ' ox scar with two tails. It is
El l?f%fiiffl/t&]ffi/riS. Wk ti an elegant piece of neckwear apd
if /JBs Kr' i/jfflr d/y fei sl * n the very newest style. On sale
I tolm! ! tiw7jF \ \ M M The electric seal jacket illustrated is
I Wm&Mmr'j& \ra S* probably the greatest value we
H WmIMM/f/'lf /r^> Ik 3 la have ever offered at a moderate
¦ wWIV4v/j7 S/J&. I H \n price. These jackets are 22 Inches
R I WjV'fm// yy^'^^ J @ p? long, of elegant quality and in the
\ ¦ilir 'Hit ¦V \s4\ very newest style; lined with
¦ Wk.mi%7^\*rrsC^J^ 11 heavy, rich satin and perfect in
¦ <«n&OM /AY N^^Z£J l A every detail. We are confident that
N /JIW 1 if if you examine one of these
I m MmW /2?7 (nt^fOjS la' garments you will agree with us
I ,s? Jim A u^hjy/^^^^A \A "-that it is a great value. On sale all
I W iFv^v^y^WJ These capes are finished with two
B C%£l4** BkV heads and four tails, and for tha
1 %( m II price asked are of unusually good
EM JH^_ BS^Jfl 13 value. Just the right length for
Sj i—^Ttß Jr' " ilj 111 California wear of excellent qual-
K| J^^tfc*yfix_y M l tv - an( * cut in the very newest
M /^Htßi^yjß^j^BS^ftQi!^^ | Send us your name for one of our .
IS "t^ir ffi|p7<i. Mm JKy) ti new fashion books and the names o*
nMM / Tfflf^^wßßßl Off m ' any of you friends who you think
H^gSK^^ Wi ** la would be interested. This is the •
a.'Mfc^^^ ¦ Fa B most complete fashion book and cat-
•M^rllhrfHWZfewS liA 11 alogue of fur garments we have ever
F3 ¥h t£v mm rfk 1 , ji Issued, showing 60 styles, all priced
ki k^SmigMr 'awMWHlß fB/ Vk an d illustrated. If you expect to buy
N i I luhiJ Jr a fur garment this year and cannot
Qj ' r %gi Js wy' /^BB** ¦ call at the store, by all means send
I (jl^ incorporated'
#l»-l}?-l>7Poyt St-,seu>R-Aiv<;&o .
The I Arrest exclusive fur Koubc in tKe world-
was his assistant. Th« committees wen
made up as follows:
Arrangements^ — Thomas D. Campbell D
L. Fitzgerald, Alex McCulloch, W O
Morrison, J. E. Manning, D. F. Gllfethei
and F. R. Neville.
Floor— R. J. Sands, Leonard Stone. J R
Manning, S. W. Dixon. W. G. Pennycook,
R. Trautner, G. W. Cavanagh, T. P. Mar
tin and John W. Riley.
Reception— T. B. Leland, M. El.;E 1 . ; William
Dahl. Frank Grass, F. I. Gonzalez, C. F
McMenomey, F. W. Muessdorfler, J F
Caftnon, S. V. Costello and A. F. Wil
liams.
The souvenir programme was in gold
and white, embellished with half-ton*
portraits of all the officers of the parlor
Dr. Bohm Again in Trouble.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday be
fore Judge Mogan for the arrest of Dr.
Ernest A. Bohm on the charge of failure
to provide. The complaining witness U
Helena, his 14-year-old daughter, who lives
with her mother at 1016^ Mission street
Officer McMurray of the California Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren states that Bohm and his wife sep
arated some time ago, as he was paying
too much attention to another woman.
The wife had been a patient in St. Luke's
Hospital till a few days ago, and had as
certained that Bohm intended leaving th«
city without making any provision for h:n
daughter. Bohm came Into prominenca
some months ago in* connection with a
criminal case.
2728
FIRST OF ARCTIC STEAM WHALING
FLEET ARRIVES WITH POOR CATCH
Jeanette Does Not Take a Single Whale During the Season-Many Other
Vessels Fare as Poorly and Because of This the Outlook for the Year's
Supply of Whalebone Is Not Good-No Tidings From Overdue Vessels
THE STEAM WHALER JEAXETTE IN HEAVY WEATHER. THE FLEET OF BLUBBER HUNTERS WAS
< AUGHT IN A HURRICANE IN THE ARCTIC AND DRIVEN OUT THROUGH THE ICE INTO THE OPEN
SEA. THE MAJORITY MADE POOR CATCHES.
p»-r|-=^ HE steam whaler Jeanette, the
THE steam Arctic fleet, made port
first of the Arctic fleet, made port
J early yesterday morning. * She
i had an unsuccessful season, and
Captain Newtk was in no humor
to tslk when the vessel came to an an
chor. Hitherto the Jeanette has come
borne laden with bone, but on this cruise
just ended she did not take a single
whale, and whatever cargo she brings
home is all the result of trade. Last year
the crew had a big pay day. This year
they will receive just $1 each.
Atl that the Jeanette brought into port
was liaw pounds of whaiebone, five pack
ages <>f ran and one package of ivory.
'I ins- was ail secured from the Esquimaux
on the biberian coast.
"Some of the fleet that went into the
Arctic did well." said Captain Newth yes
terday, "but the majority are out and in
jured. We did not take a single whale,
ana when last spoken the KarluK, William
Hay lies and Fearless were also clean.
Last year the Fearless took one whale
ar.a sent the bone to San Francisco, and
this last season Captain McKenna did
very well at trading, so his vessel is really
not a? badly off as It looks on paper. The
others reported "clean' will not pa # ex
penses: • • • -
"On October 4 I spoke the Beluga with
sever, and one-half whales, the Narwhal
with seven and the Bowhead with eight.
On October 12 I spoke the Alexander with
two whales and the Belvedere w.th twelve
Hitherto the best catches have always
been to the eastward of Point Barrow.
This year not a whale was sighted in that
.part of the ocean. The vessels that went
to the eastward came back empty, while
these that remained nearer home or win
tered o:t tile McKenzie did fairly well.
"The Alexander and Belvedere left In
dian Point for San Francisco four hours
ahead of my vessel and • should be
along soon. On October 5 we had a
heavy northeasterly gale, which drove
near'V the entire fleet out of the Arctic.
It lasted five days and some of the ves
sels had a hard time of it. Again on Oc
tober 24 we ran into a west-northwest
storm, which lasted four days and sent
us kitlr.g home. All in all, it has bean the
poorest trip I have made in years and I
never want another one like it. We were
among. the first to make Nome last sea
eon and found things in pretty bad shape
there. There has not been much improve
ment and many will die there- this winter
if the Government does not bring the pen
nilPfs to civilization.
"There were two deaths during the voy
age. Joseph Spindle, the steward, was
taken sick during the early part of the
voyage and died. One of the 'green hands'
took pneumonia In Bering Sea and he also
died. Those were the only deaths we had
during the voyage."
DEPARTS FOR HONOLULU.
Oceanic Company's Alameda Takes
Away Many Passengers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda sailed for Honolulu yesterday after
noon. She took away a big crowd of pas
sengers -and was loaded down with
freight. Among: those who went away in
the cabin were the following named:
Miss L. Anderson, Mrs. Bailey. Miss V
B^rka. George Bloomquist. William Booth Mrs
E. M Boyd. 3. Braider.. Miss A. Brown. Miss
L. Brownell. Miss G. Bruckner. J W Burton
John Carnegie. Mrs. Carnegie, H. CasperfleM.
Mis* Casperfield, Harold Castle Mrs H E
CooVe. Miss Cooke. H. E. Cooper, Miss J. Dean
H. Dechant. H. Dorten. F. L. Dortch, J M*
Dowsett. Mrs. Dowsett and two children. Miss
DowKftt. H. P. Dwyor. J. Ericson Mrs Eric-
Bon. Miss M. Forbes, G. Gardner R. M Oil
ar v- T. Grant, Mrs. Grant. Miss R. Hickstein
E. V Holmes. Mrs. Holmes and child J F -
HostrawKT. Mrs. Hostrawser, T A Hurley
W. B. Jerrttt, E. G. Jones, C. C Kennedy"
GRAPE-NUTS.
TAKE THEM OUT.
Or Feed Them, on Food They Can
Study On.
When a student be^inf to break down
from lack of the right kind of food, there
are only two things to do— either take
him cut of school or feed him properly on
food that will rebuild the brain and nerve
cells. That food is Grane-N'ut?.
A boy writes from Jamesfv, \ N. V.,
eaying: "A short time ago I get Into a
bad condition from overstudy, but Moth-
er, having heard about Grape-Xutr, Food
began to fee<i me oa it. It satisfied my
hunger better than any other food, and
the results were marvelous. I got fleshy
like a good fellow. My usual morning
aches disappeared and I found I
couid study for a long period without
feeling the effects of it.
"After I had been using Grape-Xuts
Food for about two months I felt like a
boy altogether. My face had been
pale and thin, but is now round and has
considerable color. I have gained greatly
in strength as well us flesh, and it is a.
pleasure to study now thrft I am not both-
ered with my head. I passed all of my
examinations with a reasonably good per-
centage, extra good in some of them, and
il was Grape-Xuts that saved me from a
: s delay in entering college.
"Father and Moth, r hay* both been im-
proved by the use of Grape-Nuts Food.
. Mother was troubled with sleepless
nights, and got very thin and looked care-
worn. She has gained her normal strength
and looks and sleeps well nights." Don
K. Cooper.
J. A. Kennedy, A. Lewis Jr., J. H. Mackenzie,
F. Mac Vicars, Richard Marr, Emmett May,
Mrs. Mayhall. T. J. McCabe, J. McCrossen, J.
Michaels, Robert Morris. James Neill. Mrs
N>lll. E. NeUt, Miss 11.I 1 . E. Newman. Samtiel
Parker. F. Patrizio, O. F. Peck. G. Peterson,
L. F. Prescott. Mrs. F. B. Prescott, Miss A.
Rauser. Mrs. A. Rosis, F. Rutsch, ('. Sandahl.
Mrs. J. A. BtLTgi n'. Mis? Aernos Sargent, J. H.
Schneck, Mrs, S. Schofield. S. Seaton. William
Smellie. Mrs Sri»!li< J. H Southard Miss L.
Spinney, J. W. Thomas. Miss M. Thomas, W.
Thompson. Mrs. Thompson, James Vance and
C. B. Wells.
Among those who went away was Sam
Parker, who ha? been on a political mis
sion to Washington. He had a host oT
friends down to see him off. Nearly a'i
the others are rourists and merchants re
turning to the islands.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British steamer Adato has been chartered
prior to arrival by the United States Govern
ment to load supplies at Portland for Manila.
The German ship Henriette is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 325. The German bark
Schwarzenbek will load wheat at Portland for
Europe. 425, chartered prior to arrival.
Grain for England.
The French bark Mareschal de Tur»nne was
cleared yesterday for Grimsby. England, with
58.061 ctls barley, valued at $37,120. 10,161 ctls
wheat valued at J&500 and 20.000 ft lumber as
dunnage valued at J3CO. ¦ •
The French bark Colonel de Villebois Mareuil
was cleared yesterday for Mlstley. England,
with 11.i:3 ctls wheat valued at $11,200. 56,182
ctls barley valued at $4".200 and 20,000 ft lum
ber dunnace valued at $200.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walia sailed yesterday
for Victoria with merchandise for British Co
lumbia valued at $21,897: Australia. $5403: Min
neapolis. Minn.. $ias2. The following were the
principal shipments: ¦ .
To British Columbia—2l,B74 lbs dried fruit,
123 pkgs fruits and vegetables, 935 gals 67 cs
wine. 210 lbs ham and bacon. 1670 lbs tobacco,
178 lbs heps, 14 pkgs machinery. 1 cs brandy.
2010 lbs oil cake meal. 1784 lbs beans, 1764 lbs
nuts. 61. pkgs paste, 3253 lbs coffee, 43 cs hard
ware. SCO tins matches. SO, 160 lbs raisins. 10 cs
champagne, 10 cs meal. 6 pkgs paints and oils,
69 pkgs groceries and provisions. 27 cs canned
goods. 5 cyls gas, 19.872 lbs malt, 173 pkgs
steel, 3 cs honey, 30,000 lbs sugar, 2048 lt>3
chocolate. 200,000 lbs salt, 2 pkgs dry goods,
1250 lbs pear! barley, 4 bdls wire, 5 pkgs elec
trical supplies. 30 cs fuse, 5 bales leather, 4
cs arms and ammunition.
To Australia—2l,97B lbs hops. 4500 lbs dried
fruit, 36,573 lbs codfish, 50 cs canned goods.
To Minneapolis—234 cs canned fruit, 252 cs
salmon.
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby Riven of the following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict which affect the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1001":
OREGON.
Columbia River ship channel across the bar,
rape 4S inner buoy, a black and white per
pendicularly striped flnt-cfcm can, reported
Beptenbtr 22, 1901, as havinß gone adrift, has
been replaced in position inside the bar.
Turning buoy, pane. 43. a black and white
perpendicularly striped first-class can, is re
ported as having dragged from its position. It
will be replaced as early as practicable to mark
the turn In the channel to Fort Stevens wharf.
WASHINGTON.
Wlllapa Bay, main channel across the bar,
page 64, Inner buoy, a black and white perl
pendicularly striped first-class nun, is reported
October 24. ML as having gone adrift from
its position inside the bar. It will be replaced
as '-arlv as oractfcable.
Entrance to Grays Harbor, page 63, Trustee
Spit buoy No. 0, a red first-class nun, reported
adrift September 26. li»0i, was replaced in po
sition off the northerly edge of the spit Octo
ber 23, ML
Point Brown Spit buoy. No. 1, a black first
class can, reported September 26, 1901, as hav
ing gone adrift, was found to be in position
October 23. 1001.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
W. P. DAT,
Commander, V. S. X.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ,
Saturday, November 2.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen. 15 hours from Albion
River; Redwood City direct.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, 26 hours from Eu
reka: Oakland direct.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 25 hours from Eureka.
Whaling stmr Jeanette, Newth, 14 days from
Pox Island.
Schr Newark, Crangie, 12 hours from Stew
arts Point. . . <
T CLEARED.
Saturday, November 2.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.  .<¦ ,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego and
way ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ' ¦
Stmr American. Morrison, ' Honolulu; Wil
liams Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Bark Santiago, Entrails, Honolulu;' J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark Kauilani, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Fr bark Col de Villebols Mareuil. Le Dantec,
Mistier: J J Moore & Co.
Fr bark Marechal de Turenne, Le Pannerer,
Grlmsby; Eppingrer & Co.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch &
SAILED.
Friday, November 1.
Honolulu 1011 " Kll:)atrlck Rogers, Manila and
' » Saturday, November 2.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro.
St£- a .Y ona i>.? - Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Cella. Adler, Albion River
Stmr Scotia. Walvlg. Rockport.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. Eureka.
«tmr Pi ala Genpreau:; . Boweni Landing.
sr™ w f, 1 ' hns on. Wlllapa Harbor. -
T^-nsenT * Walla V Hall> Vl «oria and Port
'!?-!! American. Morrison. Honolulu
It™ Stall A « ena^ llanB «n. Mendoclno. . -
Stmr Signal, Bcndegaard, Eureka,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen. Eureka.
Stmr laqua, Gunderson. Eureka.
Stmr Alameda, Herriman, Honolulu.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, Eureka.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, Ladysmith.
Ship John Ena, Hadaen, New York.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren. Tacoma.
Bktr. Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Barge Santa Paula. Ventura.
Schr Bella. Jamleson. Siuslaw River.
Schr Rio Rey, Hagernah, Bixby Landing
Schr Ocean Spray. Olsen, .
Schr Gem, Fergesen, Coos Bay.
MEMORANDUM.
Per whaling stinr Jeanette, from Fox Island,
Nov 2— Oct 5 had a heavy northeasterly gale
lasting to the 10th, blew them out of the Arc
tic. Oct 24. lat 48 N, lon 167 W, had a heavy
WTTW Kale, lasting to the 2Sth. No whales
seen cast of Point Barrow this season. On Oct
4 Beluga had 7Vi whales, Norwhal 7, Bowhead
8. Oct 1? Alexander had 2 whales. Belvedere
12 Whalea an.l Karluk. Wm Baylies, Fearless
and Jeanette all clean.
LAUNCHED.
Nov 2, from Hall's shipyard. Port Blakeley.
Wash, schr Sophie Christiansen, for Sudden &
Christiansen of San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 2. 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind N\V. velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov I— Schr Emma
Utter, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Lakme. for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Nov* 2-Bark Gen
Fairchlld, for Fremantle.
NKAH BAY— Passed outward Nov 2— Schr
Forester, from Cowichan, tor Santa Rosalia;
bark Edward May, from Oyster Harbor, for
Kahului.
Passed Inward Nov 2— Stmr Santa Ana.
hence Oct 29, for Seattle. U S stmr Colum
bine in hay.
GRAYP HARBOR-Arrlved Nov I— Schr
Laura Madsen, hence Oct 19.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Nov 1; stmr Newsboy, hence Oct 30;
stmr Kureka. hence Oet 31; slmr Brunßwick,
hence Oct 31.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro; schr
Laura Pike, for San Francisco; schr Ottille
Fjord, for San Francisco; Etmr Noyo, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Nov 2— Stmr San Pedro, hence Nov 1.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmrs Westport and Eureka,
for San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Port
land; schr Mabel Gray, for San Diego; schr
Oceania Vance, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr W H
Kruger. hence Nov 1.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr
Scotia, hence Nov 1; schr Bender Brothers,
hence Oct 30.
Sailed Nov 2— Schr S Danielson, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA-Sailed Nov 2-Schr Philippine, for
San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 2— U S
stmr A!ert, from ¦ .
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 2— Dan bark Prin
se^se Marie, from Tsintau; Br bark Flfe
shlre. from Newcastle; Fr bark Amlral de
Cornulier. from Liverpool.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov I— Schr Ahbie M
Deerinp. from Nome; Jap stmr Idzumi Maru,
from China and Janan. Nov 2— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Pkaeuay; stmr Humboldt. from
Skagruay; IT S stmr Gedney. from Juneau.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Coronado, for Port Madi
son.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 27.
INDIAN POINT-Sailed Oct IR-TVhallng
stmr Alexander, for San Francisco; whaling
stmr Belvedere, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND— Arrived Nov 2— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, from Antwerp.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed Nov 2— Schr Admiral,
for Port Townsend.
CAPE TOWN-Arrived Oct 31-Br bark High
lands, from Chemalnus.
CORONEL— Arrived Oct 18— Br stmr Belgian
Kins, hence Sect 19, and proceeded for Ant
werp.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed .Oct 17— Ger stm"
Anaubls. for Hamburg. Oct 12 — Br ship Brann,
for Pu^et Sound.
In port Sept I— Br ship Scottish Minstrel, for
Portland, Or. Sept 14— Br ship St Mirren, for
Oregon; Br ship Wendur. for Oregon. Sept 1—
Br ship Marechal Suchet, for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 2— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Oct 15.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Oct 16— Br bark
Klnross-shire, from Melbourne, to load for
San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 3— ltal stmr Luiei Clampa, for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
First Trial
Relieved Piles.
From Geo. C. Geick. Owens Mill. Ma: "Some
time ago I bought a package of Pyramid Pile
Cure for my wife, who had suffered very much.
The first trial did her mere eood than anything
she has ever tried. It Is Just what Is claimed for
It, for It cured her< completely." For sale by all
druggists. Little book "Piles, Cause and Cure"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.
IWI r X r L# r ffl A
11 A L 4 A\ i^ Vl^lV 1" A l\
•  While not so common, is much more stubborn and far reaching in its effects than the other
varieties. In this form of the disease atmospheric conditions are the exciting cause and con-
trolling power. The cold, bleak winds of winter, that chill the body and penetrate the very
bones seem also to revive the sluggish blood and draw it to the surface, when the poisonous
acids with which it is filled irritate and burn the tender skin and inflame the little glands
and pores, thus checking perspiration and drying out the natural oils, when the skin becomes
parched and dry, cracking and bleeding, and causing the most intense pain and itching.
Tetter is the name sometimes given to this form of Eczema when confined to the arms,
hands and feet. All persons are not ; affected alike ; some suffer but little discomfort at first,
while others in more advanced stages of this terrifying disease endure the most exquisite .
torture. The burning fluid that oozes out through the skin often causes little pustules and
blisters to form, and the watery, sticky discharge dries and hardens into scabs and scales,
which, when rubbed off, leave a raw, tender surface. Itching is one of the chief characteristics
of this tormenting malady, whether it conies in summer time or winter. Rheumatism and
Neuralgia not unfrequently accom- BM^- m^ !ai^ M ,„ __.'•, ih™^^
produce the most acute paroxysms Mil A ,^lj^SS^^^Bm^S^l^^9^^
of pain. That Eczema is a constitu- I '• Y"^^^^^^^^^^M/^^^^^^^^^^^^'^l
tional blood disease is beyond dis-
pute. The very fact that it lingers so long, sometimes dormant, at other times active and
alert, proves that the blood and system are affected. Local causes could not produce so many
m 1898 Eczema broke out on the in- varieties and forms of the same disease.
1 ? a "? 8 and 6< ra du all ¦pn*d« The only rational and certain cure for Eczema is to
j. ne aoctors who examined me said they j. f -j*i* 1 ri r t 11 i« .< t
could cure me, but the disease got worse neutralize, dissolve and filter out of the blood the acids, and
SL^Vd 1 on reL^rofVr^i^beianTo this is what S. S. S. does. It purifies the entire blood supply
e .l-"wt;S?«"ri?b."?^^K and cleanses the circulation, sending healthy, rich 'blood to
but continued to use s. s. s., and in*, the diseased skin, cooling and softening- the rough and in-
¦horttime I began to shed off and that n^^. 1 -\ ¦ • ,¦• j i i -i -i
was the last of the Eczema, i was also , named places, opening the congested glands and pores, and
co ff ui c d^r^fwa?^rt a am m now oVSI allowing the accumulated impurities to escape,
so an the time.. McNA ir, aarth, Va. &S. S. stimulates all the bodily organs to more vig-
orous action, and the waste materials are carried out through
the natural channels, thus relieving the skin and giving \it a much needed rest. Local
applications cannot cure Eczema, for diseases of this character are due to internal, not
Sii.Miiii>^ J^^ m^^ external causes, and washes, salves and soaps cannot reach
f^"^J f^^^l c seat °^ t^ ie trouble. Begin treatment now before the
1^Ma^ *-^_^ disease gets worse, as it surely will do, for Eczema is a pro-
gressive, vigorous and active blood disease, which never
fc^/j^ 1 fc^ j j leaves of its own accord, but must be driven out. S. S. S.
K^^f K^"^^ is not only a perfect vegetable purifier, but a most exhila-
i ""' r V rating tonic. It will build up the general health, cleanse
the blood, stimulate the dull, torpid skin and freshen and clear the complexion. "
Write us about your case, and medical advice from experienced and skilled physicians
will be given free. • THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga. A
Talcahuano, to load for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— In port Oct I— Br stmr Willow
dene, for San Plego, to sail In a few days. Oct
2— Br hark Chiltonford, for Newcastle, Auk,
and San Francisco.
NANA IMC— SaiIed Nov 2— Stmr San Matec.
for Port Los Aneeles.
COWIOHAN- Sailed Oct 31— Schr Forester,
for Santa Rosplia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HPNGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 2— Stmr
Knight Companion, from Portland. Or.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Kensing
ton, from I^ew York.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Vaderland. for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr St Louis,
from Scuthamrton and Cherbourg; stmr Um
bria. from Liverpool.
Sailed' Nov 2 — Stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam;
Btmr Aleer, for Genoa; stmr ( 'airman ia. for
Liverpool; stmr Minneapolis, for London; stmr
Manitou. for London; stmr Pennsylvania, for
Hamburg; stmr Furnessia, for Glasgow; stmr
Curie, for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Brae
nipr. from Seattle, for Hongkong.
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived prior to Nov 2—
Stmr Oak Branch, lrom San Francisco, via
Montevideo.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Nov I— Stmr Sarmatian,
for Montreal.
CORONEL— SaiIed Nov 2— Stmr Flintshire,
from Pan Francisco, for Antwerp.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr La Savoy, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov 2— Stmr Lucanla,
for New York. a
BREMEN— SaiIed Nov 2— Stmr H H Meir,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Nov 2— Stmr Philadel
phia, from Southampton, for New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Dv».
Acme San Pedro Nov. 3
Prosreso Seattle Nov. 3
Despatch San Pedro Nov. 3
Santa Barbara San Pedro Nov. 3
Maria Nanaimo Nov. 3
"Wellington.... Oyster Harbor Nov. i
Kurrkx Humboldt Nov. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 3
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 4
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 4
Mandalay Coquille River Nov. 4
Aztec Nanaimo Nov. 4
Sequoia Humboldt Nov. S
Hotda Oyster Harbor Nov. 5
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Nov. 6
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 6
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 6
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Panta Kosa i San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Point Arena... I Point Arena Nov. 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa j China and Japan Nov. 7
corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Hongkong Mai; China and Japan Nov. 8
Norm Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Totmes Hamburg via W. Coast Nov. 9
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 10
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 10
Columbia Portland & Agtoria.... Nov. 11
Walla Walla.. | Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
November 3.
0. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 16
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
l'omona Humboldt 1 30 p Pier :t
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
November 4.
Acme Tlllamook Bay 12 m Pier 13
Rob't Dollar. >cattle & Hadlock. spm Pier 2
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
November 5.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Jt.uitka Humboldt 9 am Pier 1.1
November O.
Rainier Pupet Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier t
J. S. Kirn ball Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
State of Cbl.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 7.
M^ndalay.... Coqullle River Pier' 2
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way IS. W.I
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm|PMSS
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 8.
Sequoia Humboldt 10, am Pier 2
San Jose Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
November 0.
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. I'olnt Arena 2pm Pier i
San Pe^rn... Humboldt 1 10 am Pier 2
G. W. Elder. Astoria £, Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 11.
North Fork.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Newburg Grays, Harbqr 5 pm Pier 2
November 12.
Peril Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Duo.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 3
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Bertha Valdez & Kodlak Nov. 10
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Lnited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
ADVERTISEMENTS.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 3.
Sun rises 6 :37
Sun sets 5:09
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
Time Time I Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW LW HW LW
3 ... 5:51 5.2 11:24 2.81 6:02 4.91 11:38 0.4
4 ... 6:44 5.3 12:40 2.4 6:23 4.5
L,WHW L W H W
5 ... 0:34 0.8 7:30 5.5 1:41 1.9 7:40 4.4
6 ... 1:29 1.1 8:14 5.6 2:32 1.4 8:44 4.4
7 ... 2:15 1.4 8:51 5.7 3:15 0.9 9:43 4.5
8 .. 2:55 1.7 9:28 5.8 3:54 0.5 10:35 4.5
9 .. 3:30 2.0 10:00 5.8 4:31 0.2 11:211 4.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the. early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
«.
Troubles of the Thomas.
The California Shipping Company's J.
B. Thomas is again in trouble. She put
Into Honolulu 'n distress some time ago
Friedman -g ~ Furniture
f~"\ < • " For comfort, elegance and dv-
H \Tf :% ir\TT' ill t~\ O" rabilitM in Couches. Make
A-J V V^l V LI 111 lcl the most of the long evenings.
V/ ' C-? Luxurious leather for library
or office; dainty damask and silk covered budoir couches; and velour that
will stand children's usage, from $15 to $75. This roccoco, figured velour
upholstered couch will give you many a restful hour.' Price $8-25.
•"^ * Winter evenings call for cushion comfort*
I itf^TTVi fl O" See the cushion display in the Drapery
V-^V_/1 1 111 ICI Department now. Most srtistic "picture"
¦ C— 7 and Oriental covers. A plump feather -fill-
ed, •. interlined cushion with Oriental patterned cover in different colors,
corners knotted with tassellcd cord;' an odd and pleasing cushion $1.00.
, /*"*\ - N Of treating carpet customers is to give
¦ 11 IT* WT'd \T them Prompt and courteous attention —
V_>/ \XjL VV V whether they buy or not — the best
V carpets to be had, at right prices. Here
are a few prices, and, if you live in Berkeley, Alameda or Oakland the
price is the — laid on your floor —as in San Francisco: (
T/HIP^tPV nree bright patterns, red, blue and green ground fr r
I U JJuo II J that usually sell for 70 cents. Laid on your floor, «j£)v
TanOCtri/ Three popular patterns, no choice among them,' 7Aa
I upyoll J that should sell for 90 cents. Ready to walk on, /Ut
A YmifKtPPC Four pleasing patterns of this parlor carpet flAn
/lAllllllolvl O that usually sells for $1.10; our price, laid,!lUC
Hinh.fiilP 1/pIVPt Three patterns in rich coiors. The f|Kr»
¦:-. 1 1 ly ll*|il If/ ¦ V L last of them. Worth $1.15. Laid, IH}C
. . "The Credit House." Six Stories High.
233*235*237.^r;^A\V Goods Mxrk~J •m• ;= *M "^^ Telephone .
Post Street % ;¦¦¦¦¦» if H.^.E^T'tr,^!^ Private Excb , nt#
and then went to the Sound for an over
hauling and to load for Europe. Sh?
sailed from Tacoma and had to put bac*c
leaking. It was necessary to discharge
her cargo, and of the subsequent pro
ceedings the Tacoma News says:
The Thomas is leaking badly and a steam
pump, as well as her own pumps, worked by a
donkey engine, are kept constantly In use. The
water would gain forty Inches an hour If the
pumps ceased and the vessel would shortly
sink. That the leak is serious can be made
clear by the fact that fish six and eight Inches
long have been brought up by the pumps.
The Overdue Fleet.
There has been little change in the rate
of reinsurance on the overdue fleet during
the last week. The Anglla, now out 121
days from Newcastle, Australia, for Pan
ama, has been added to the list and her
price has gone irom 15 to 20 per cent. The
others are quoted as follows:
Roanoke, 143 days out from Norfolk, Va., for
San Francisco. 30 per cent; Benjamin F. Pack
ard. 145 days from Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu,
15 per cent; La Tour d'Auvergne. 171 daya from
Swansea, for San Francisco. 10 per cent, and
Glenbreck, 169 days from the Tyne, for Val
paraiso, 90 per cent. •
The tramp steamer Adato has been
chartered to load supplies at Portland for
the United States Government. She will
proceed to Manila.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1111
AUCTION
SALE
The following choice and select list of
Improved and unimproved properties will
be sold for the heirs, of the late William
A. Piper, at our salesroom. Monday. No-
vember 11th. 1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Gustave H. Umbsen. Sole Referee.
212 WASHINGTON STREET.
Be een Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building.
Rent $60 per month. Lot 22x120 to Oregon
street. ' -;; i *.; -i.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET.
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist of a substantial
three-story and basement brick building,
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents $300 per month. Lot 40x68:9.
624 MARKET STREET.
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and
basement brick building. Rent $375 per
month.- Lot 20x80.
1450-1452-1454-1456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush. This choice
investment consists of two corners with
five elegant two-story and basement
houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
$313 per rnoniti. Lot 120x114:6.
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 25x120 each.
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET.
Northeast corner of Clementina street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
! provements consist of frame building, con-
: taining six stores. Rents $121 per month.
Lot 40x105.
1451 -1453-1 455.1457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET.
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice -
Investment, consisting of two corners,
with five elegant two-story and basement
residences of 14 rooms and bath each.
, Rents $350 per month. Lot 120x144:9.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
Southeast come* of Bush street. This
choice business property consists of two
corners and is close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Improve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
frame building. No- % 1325 Bush street.
Rents $331 per month. Lot 12Uxl00. l-.ree
frontages.
219 FRONT STREET,
Between California and Sacramento
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
i story and basement brick building. Bents
$140 per month. Lot 25x57:& ;'
25 AND 227 THIRD STREET.
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
Choice business corner. Consist* of frame
improvements, containing store and da;
above. Rent $60 per month. Lot 30x30.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTEB
AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner Would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot 70x13)..
Three frontages.
MCALLISTER STREET,
Near junction of Market and Jones
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely If
properly improved. Lot 123x87:d. irreg-
ular. |
CITY HALL AVENUE,
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
Square. Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET, SOUTH SIDE, BE-
; TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Eight desirable and choice building lota,
25x120 each. Two frontages. To be offer-
ed separately.
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112:6 each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 361-365-367 and
368. 25x70 each.
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 520. Lot 200x300. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 518. Lot 100x150. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 4U. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 466. Lot 100x400. Threo
frontages.
Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 473. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. x
Portion of Block 512. Lot 100x200. Two
frontages. J
For catalogue and further particulars,
apply to ,
fl. H. UMBSEN & CO..
: 14 Montgomery SUSan Francisco, Sunday, 3 November, 19c 1.
Roxbury tapestry carpets
¦ 1 •
75 cents the yard.
4. : ; . , . . — . ,, — __ ; . _.j. . -.;.
This price means sewed, lined; and laid on your floor. There is but one quality of this
famous carpet made, and this is the quality we are selling, at 75 cents the yard. Ten patterns ' . (•( •
to choose from. Roxburys are sold regularly the world over for $1.00 and $1.10 the yard.
This is just one of the many interesting items to be found in the Breuner Carpet — come
in with -the tide. . ¦ . . . \ \.' v
,• ¦ ,
¦ a , -'.•;., '_¦/•• . /
957 to 977 Market Street. £%ij@££ / sl&i<~ fC^ ° PP " Qolden Qate Avenue.
(Successors to California Furniture Company.)
MASONIC CALL
SCARES CROOKS
JIELEXA, Mont., Nov. 2.— A strange
ard unlooked-for thing happened in this
fsterday as the result of the publi
cation in the daily Record of a large cut
Masonic emblem, together with
these apparently mysterious words:
Beware! High 12: Fall not."
". Nat noon the three Masonic lodges
; gave a surprise banquet to
Cornelius Hedges, one of the best
men in the State, a pioneer and
wledged father of Masonry in
This announcement, accom
. by the cut. *vas to remind all mem
¦f the order of the event, without
g the venerable Judge to have an
' what was in the wind,
strange effect of the publication was
mong the criminal classes. There
¦ good deal of talk in Helena
iut the old vigilante days, when
< ¦• mmittees of regulators, without warn
ok the law into their own hands,
aliation for repeated crime?. The
lynching of James Brady for orim
ilt on a little girl, and the de
termined chase and capture by the police
of the hold-up, Frank Aker, have inten-
Fified the unwonted timidity of the male
Sale U.S. Arsenal
CURIOS FOR DECORATION.
Never Again Such a Chance,
Muskets, Carbines and Revolvers
..DIRECT FROM...
BENICIA ARSENAL.
Old and new guns, carbines, revolvers, etc., have been slumbering
in Government arsenal for decades, are now removed to our warehouse,
517 Market street, and for sale at ridiculously low prices. It's diffi-
cult to speak of these relics cf a glorious past and dollars in the
same breath. The guns have ccst the Government from $15 to $30
each. We offer them at less than ONE-TENTH cost to make. We keep
nothing else in our store c::iy what we have just secured
from United States Government at Benicia. Now is your only
chance to secure a genuine ARMY RELIC of the Civil War to
decorate your home and which will always have an increased value.
Flint Lrcck Muskets, dated 1820; Hall' 6, first breech-loader ever
made; United States Mississippi rifles of Civil War; United States
Experimental. Ward Burton; United States rifle carbines, for home
defense; United States guns for Fourth of July racket; United States
rifle carbines for hunting; ar._y guns made into hatracks; United
States soldiers' intrenching tools; Civil War officers' swords.
Another such an opportunity as this you will never have, as the
Government has cleaned out its arsenal of all except present style
arms.
The number is limited and a rare opportunity to secure au
ornamental and useful article.
W.S. KIRK, 517 Market St.
factors, who infest this city as every
other of like importance.
When they read in the morning paper
the mysterious "high 1_" announcement,
with one accord they came to the con
clusion that it signified some sort of
meeting f«r the preconcerted extermina
tion of all sorts of criminals. They be
gan hunting their holes in a terrified man
ner, and the police say that many trouble
some characters "hit the trail" and left
the city for good.
FLAG TOR McKTNXEY
RAISED AT REEDLEY
Impressive Ceremony Held in ths
Town When the Memorial Is
Dedicated.
REEDLEY, Nov. 2.— About 1000 people
assembled here to-day to witness the rais
ing of a McKinley memorial flag and pole.
Judge John Fairweather was president of
the day and after a few appropriate re
marks introduced Frank H. Short of
Fresno as the c rator. Mr. Short made a
brilliant address, which was well appre
ciated and frequently applauded.
The school children gave a flag drill,
after which the High School girls sans
"The Red, White and Blue" and hoistel
a beautiful flasj. twenty by thirty feet in
size. General Muller. Colonel Hay an'l
Captain Kittle, with the Raisin City band,
were in attendance. In the evening a
grand ball was given and was well at
tended. Special praise is given Captain
Kittle, as he was the promoter of this, th.^
first memorial to be erected to President
McKinley in the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 190 i;
MARIN LANDS
IN LITIGATION
Suit Brought to Nullify
Deed to Valuable
Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 2.-A law suit
which will excite considerable interest in
this county was commenced here to-day.
The property Involved is worth over $50.
00 and the names of the parties to the
action are those of the pioneers of tho
county. Sensational charges of fraud an 1
undue influence are made in the com
plaint.
The action is commenced for Robert
Ross Makin by his guardian, William
MacCann of San Francisco, against Anne
S. E. Worn. By the suit it is sought to
have the court declare that Makin owns
a half-interest with the defendant in au
immense tract of land situated in R033
Valley and deeded to Mrs. Worn on tho
18th of last May by her mother, Mrs. Ann
S. Ross, who died at the age of about 80
years a month iater.
In the story told by the complaint
young Makin i 3 the son of a daughter oi
Mrs. Ross. He is about 17 years old.
Upon the death of his mother, a few dayb
following his Mrth, Mrs. Ross assumed
charge of him, caring for, supporting ami
educating him until the day of her death.
Through all these years, he alleges, she
declared him to be her heir, and to every
one she spoke most tenderly of him, and
upon all occasions treated him as a son.
About a year previous to her death,
says the plaintiff, she was taken very ill.
In this illness she was attended by her
daughter, Anne S. E. Worn, the complain
ant's aunt, and her affairs were looked
after by D. E. Perry. The complaint
then says: "On the 24th day of April, 1901,
sajd Ann 8. Ross was a mental imbecile,
under the control and domination of said
Anne S. E. Worn and said D. E. Perry,
and on said day, knowipg the physical
and mental condition of said Ann S. Ross,
took advantage thereof for the purpo&9
of fraudulently depriving plaintiff of his
share of the estate."
The complaint then declares that Mrs.
Ross executed conveyances of all her real
and personal property to the defendant,
but not before, however, she had secured
promises from the defendant to divide the
property, share and share alike, with th a
plaintiff when lie attained the legal age.
Mrs. Ross was one of the oldest resi
dents of the county. At one time she
owned the whole of Ross "Valley as far
as Ross Landing.
Teachers Elect Their Officers.
CHICO, Nov. 2.-The Northern Califor
nia Teachers' Association adjourned this
afternoon after the election of the follow
ing officers: President, E. I. Glller of
Chico; first vice president, C. R. Kline of
Marysville; second vice president, Marga
ret I. Poore of Redding; recording secre
tary, C. O. Miller of Redding; correspond
ing secretary, D. O. McOeorge of Red
ding; treasurer, J. D. Sweeney of Teha
ma; executive committee— George Spring
er of Oroville. C. B. I.athrop of German
town and G. C. Thompson of Marysville.
Redding was unanimously chosen as the
next place of meeting.
Naval Officer Is Injured.
VALLTSJO, Nov. 2.— Captain Blocklinger
of the Concord slipped on a float to-day
and strained himself quite severely. His
vessel departed from the navy yard at 2
p. m. to-day.
Dr. C. C. ODonnell is still in the fight
and will surely win this time, as the
unions are now in his favor. Be sure to
vote for him for Mayor by writing his
name with a lead pencil at the head of the
blank column. •
SAVES CHILD
FROM A LION
Mother in Trinity County
Displays Great
Heroism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 2.-From Trinity Coun
ty comes the story of a woman's heroic
rescue of her child from death between
a mountain lion's claws. The brave
mother exhibited a nerve and self-control
such as few men might display.
In Hay Fork Valley, twenty miles south
of Weavervllle, a man named Farmer and
his wife and little child recently took up
their residence. The place is remote, but
no fear was entertained of wild animals.
On Thursday Mrs. Farmer allowed the
5-year-old child to play about the barn
a hundred yards from the house in the
edge of the woods.
Soon afterward she stepped to the rear
door to look after the baby's safety and
leceived a terrific shock. Near the barn
she saw her baby gazing steadfastly into
the eyes of an immense mountain lion
stretched upon the ground and moving
toward the child by inches. The mother
feared to call her husband, who was in
the road just out of sight, but quickly
resolved upon the child s rescue. She
started slowly toward the lion, fluttering
her apron slightly to attract its attention
from the baby. In this way she moved
by hardly perceptible steps to within
twelve feet of the animal, which crouched
low and moved only it 3 jaws and tail.
Quickly she lifted up the child, which had
never moved its eyes from the lion and
which sank unconscious in her arms. She
retreated backward and dropped ex
hausted on the doorstep just as her hus
band appeared at the door. Farmer
snatched up a gun and shot the panther
dead where it crouched. It measured
ten feet from tip to tip and weighed 200
pounds.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
SEASONABLE HINTS.
Guard Your Health, in Fall and Early
Winter.
A change from warm to cold is always
attended with more danger than from a
cold to a warm temperature, hence the
greater mortality from lung and throat
diseases at this season of the year as
compared with spring.
The best protection against colda la not
so much in extra clothing as in good di-
gestion.
It' the digestion and circulation are good,
colds will be unknown.
Poor digestion causes poor circulation
of the blood,' and when in this condition
severe colds are contracted on the slight-
est provocation.
People who make a regular practice of
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after
meals are free from colds simply because
their digestion is perfect, the heart strong
and regular, and the whole system forti-
fied against disease.
It requires little argument to convince
any one that the best safeguard against
colds, pneumonia and changes of temper-
ature Is a good stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals are dissolved, and mingling with
the food cause it to be promptly digested
and assimilated: they do this because they
contain nothing but harmless digestive
elements, which digest meat, eggs and
other food even when the stomach itself
is weak and flaccid.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets make people
well and keep them well, and the best
habit you can acquire is to keep daily use
of them at meals to make the digestive
organs strong and vigorous.
ITALIAN SEEKS
DIRE VENGEANCE
Luigi Santanella Pursues
Man Who Stole His
Daughter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELENA. Mont., Nov. 2.-In the fruit
less quest of Lulgi Santanella may be
found in real life and in fact all the ma
terials for the most tragic story of love
deceived and vengeance sought ever com
posed in volumes of imaginary romance.
Santanella is an intelligent Italian. For
months he has been roaming through all
the Northwest country in search of young
Pietra Boccacio, whom he will kill on
sight. No Corsican vendetta was ever
more real or intense than the wild long
ing for vengeance which Oils and controls
this man's entire life. He visits the
Italian settlement of every community
he comes to. He asks but the one ques
tion:
"Has Pietra Boccacio been seen here?"
He eagerly scans every countenance to
penetrate any would-be disguise.
Santanella is not insane. A year ago
he was living contentedly, happily, with
his little family in a small settlement in
Cascade County, this State. Into his
paradise of paternal love, fully appre
ciated and returned by his daughter Va
leria, came this young fiend Boccacio.
The girl was but 13 and susceptible, as
young maids usually are. She fell madly
in love with Pietra, He wooed her and
she fled with him.
Crazed with grief, the girl's mother
Elned away and died. On her dead body
antanella swore to pursue Boccacio and
bury his stilletto in the miscreant's blood.
Taking his two-year-old boy with him he
started on hia quest for vengeance.
Since the day he made his vow he has
been faithful to It. He works only enough
to keep body and soul together for him
self and child. With varying clews to
lead and mislead him he pursues his
search. He has visited every town of
importance in the Northwest. The last
place he visited was the Italian colony
in Butte, where again he was foiled.
When these two men come together blood
with flow. The outrag-ed father and hus
band will have vengeance or die in the
attempt to gain it.
SIXTEEN MEN JAILED
AFTER THE BURGLAOEtY
Cfflcers in Bakersfleld Make Whole
sale Arrests and Are Searching
for Evidence.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 2.— As the result
of the burglary In Morrow & Hussey'a
and C. Cohn's stores last night, sixteen
men are under arrest at the County Jail
on suspicion of having been implicated in
the work or of being: aware of the iden
tity of th thieves.
The officers are still in search of sus
pects and for evidence against the men
now in custody.
Highway Robbery the Charge.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 2.— Ward Klinck.
aged 19 years, and Arthur Robinson, aged
21. both of Guerneville, were brought hero
to-day -and lodged in jail, charged with
having held up and robbed three men,
employes of Koxbel's winery, on the road
near that place a few nights ago. Both
protest their innocence.
$125 Sealskin Jacket.
Do not fail to see the $125 sealskin jacket
which Berwin & Gassner are showing this
season. It is a handsome garment and
cannot be duplicated anywhere in the
world at the price. Berwin & Gassner
guarantee this garment and keep it in re
pair for two years free of charge. Other
furs, equally as good value, are shown at
this popular *ur house at 110 Kearny at. •
FIND SKELETON
IN THEIR WELL
STOCKTON, Nov. 2.— While boring a
well near Banta, in this county, to-day
the operators of Schofleld & Wilson's out
fit noticed that the auger had struck some
hard object in the sand strata.
The bucket was brought up for investi
gation. From the contents two pieces of
bone resembling those of the human knee
were taken. The bones had started to
petrify on one side, but otherwise were in
a good state of preservation. There was
some clay in the lower part of the auger,
indicating that it had just left the sand
Throat f^mtL 1 \\V
and I p* J^- m l]\
Bronchial f _E4
/_"% _m_t* __jr
Troubles. j *BS/ »*#
No one can afford to let JL _^___________Hr^
a sore throat get the r^^________________P^H S wv
best of them. 1 B^^
A sore throat is the be- J JflHf
ginning of a dangerous f _P___T
ailment — it is the begin- J wW&
ning of an ailment that j f
will end in death unless J -
it is checked in the begin- : / ::, •? .
ning, and there is only I
one medicine that will
check a sore throat; only . . ¦* i
one medicine that you can take to get immediate relief and pre-
vent a serious illness, and that is Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful
Medicine, a medicine that is prescribed and compounded to cure
sore throat, and cure it at once; a medicine that will cure it. be-
cause it is made right, made to act upon the afflicted parts. It
will drive out the pain and allay the inflammation.
Inflammation is the cause of nearly all our troubles, and Hal-
pruner's drives out inflammation like water put 3 out fire.
1 If you have a sore throat send to your druggist and get a
bottle of Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine and rub it into the
throat and chest — rub it until the throat burns, until you
know the medicine has penetrated deeply, and then take a couple
of teaspoonsful in a »lass of water or milk every two or three
hours, and it will be only a short matter of time until your sore
throat will disappear entirely.
In bronchial troubles more continuous treatments are re-
quired, but Halpruner's will eventually give you the cure you seek.
All druggists sell Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Remover— 50c
and $1.00 a bottle— the $1.00 size contains three times the quan-
tity of the small size. But demand the genuine
-/tfhlpruner's
I have used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover for several years and
find it the best thine I ever tried for sore throat. ..
. MRS. M. H. PARKER, 1148 Sutter St., San Francisco, Cal.
: A. TRIAL TREATMENT.
Dr. Halpruner will give sufferers a trial treatment free every
afternoon, except Saturdays and Sundays, between 2 and 5 o'clock
at his office, 28 California St.. S. F.. Cal. Thei^ is no charge and
every person Interested In the medicine is welcome.
and started into the clay when the skele
ton was struck. The auger struck the
skeleton fifty-two feet below the surface
The persons who live near the plac«
where the boring was done have no record
of the burial of any one there, nor hay*
they any knowledge that a well ever
existed at the spot. The discovery of th«
bones at such a remarkable depth has
excited much interest and an effort will
be made to recover the other portions of
tho skeleton.
Despondent Woman Ends Her Ufe.
SALINAS, Nov. 2.— Anna Newcomber,
who came to this city about two months
ago, committed suicide this morning by
hanging herself to a bedpost. She camu
from Elkhart, Ind., last summer with th»
Epworth League and stayed in Oaklaml
a while with a friend named Anderson
at 1312 Oak street Later she came to this*
city, residing with Mrs. Dr. Cassel, and
at times worked at tailoring. She was ill
and despondent. Her age was 48 years.
2930
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK MADE WELL,
WEAK MADE STRONG
Marvelous Elixir cf life Discovered by
Famous Doctor-Scientist That C i res
Every Known Ailment.
Wonderful Cures Are Effected That Seem
Like Miracles Performed— The Secret
cf Long Life Gf Olden Times
Revived.
The Remedy Is Free to All Who
Send Name and Address.
After years of patient study and delving into
the dusty record of the past, as well as fol-
lowing modern experiments in the realms of
medical science, Dr. James W. Kidd. 1503 First
National Bank building. Fort Wayne. Ind.,
BMk«t the startling announcement that he has
DR. JAMES WILLIAM KIDD.
surely discovered the elixir of life. That he is
able, with the aid of a mysterious compound,
known only to himself, produced as a result of
the years he has spent An searching for this
precious life-giving boon, to cure any and every
disease that is known to the human body.
There is no doubt of the doctor's earnestness In
r.ia'Kins his claim and the remarkable cures
that he is daily effecting eeeni to bear him out
very strongly. His theory which he advances
is one of reason and based on sound experience
in a medical practice of many years. It costs
DStfclßZ to try his remarkable "Elixir of Life,"
as he calls it. lor he sends it free, to any one
¦who is a sufferer. in sufficient quantities to
convince of its ability to cure, so there is abso-
lutely no risk to run. Some of the cures cited
arc very remarkable, end but for reliable wit-
nesses would hardly be credited. The lame
have thrown away crutches and walked about
efter two or three trials of the remedy. The
tick, civen up by home doctors, have been re-
stored to their families and friends in perfect
health. Rheumatism, neuralgia, stomach,
heart, liver, kidney, blood and sl:!n diseases
nil bladder troubles disappear as by magic.
Headaches, backache?, nervousness, fevers,
consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, catarrh,
bronchitis and all affections of the* throat,
lungs or any vital organs are easily overcome
in a space of time that is simply marvelous.
Partial paralysis, locomotor ataxia, dropsy,
gout. Bcrofula and piles are Quickly and per-
manently removed. It purifies the entire sys-
tem, blood and tissues, restores normal nerve
power, circulation and a state of perfect health
is produced at once. To the doctor all systems
are alike and equally affected by this great
"•Elixir of Life." Send for the remedy to-day.
It is free to every sufferer. State what you j
want to be cured of and the sure remedy for j
it will be sent you free by return mail.
• i
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF I
I THEM ALL" 1
Everything that tends to R
rpeed, comfort, pleasure and nj
luxury unlimited. Reserve H
berths for this famous train f
at 641 Market street. 1
iT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND 1
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE 1
SANTA FE |
fCHICM ESTER'S CN6USH
ENKYROYAL PILLS
X /MtiTlV c • n. * r !» lll »' ••< Only G-jttst oe.
*^S**M*^ In UEI> M 4 Gold QCtaUi. bon. •*»£
jSk J£ m"«r« ht '«rfbboL. Take ac other. BefaM
7?) ** *j3 Pa*cer«a« Mib.Ut mtlcm. aad Xmlta.
I L W •*•»»•• Xu J Sf yonr Druoist. or mi At. ia
-*C— /\,, T f "™,»»«U- 1 «.O4^. T«Umo O ial». Sold™
remedy for Gonorrhoea,
To^^^rilßtc^Hl £-'?*• Spermatorrhoea,
£gS£r CUKtS V 3 Whitc-e, unnatural dig-
E^S9 la 1 v 5 d»T». a charges, or any iiflimma-
Et'tUY O»»r»n««ei to *" tion, irritation or olccra-
[> rj Pntrut cooußion. tion °" -" c° v « mom-
theEvms Che«:c».lCi brane< - Kon-astringent.
rr i ?r? r " PDt in plaln
_2^^^ v l - b - b^ express, prepaid, lor
*<**&&irr<i?\si I .- 00 -, 01 " 3 oottleii, T2.75.
'^llM^t. a. Circular cent on request.
DIRECTORY
GF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pric3 Lists Mailed j
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
fci. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahie
Si Co. (eet'd. 18S2). 17 and 19 Fremont at.; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PI a 1R3.1.
Jr WlLjUil & VU-. Battery Strew. ;
•V- IT ILOVIa O. wIF- . Telephone Main lS6t.
FRES-l AND SALT MEATS. -
MC FftVf-'^^ri gripping -Butchers. 104
JAS iUI CJ a wJ- Clay. Tel. Main UK
OILS. '-•¦* ' :
LUBRICATING OIXjB. LEONARD 4k ELLIS.
41S Front at.. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO. '•
Er fir arc PRINTER. *¦'
L- fiUUllCj. m Bunomt It.. S. F.
¦':¦;,' PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
»Hr Hl«_iU»-J UDl> CO.. - - -
U First »treet. E*a FrancUoo.
TRIES TO SLAY
CHINA'S EMPRESS
Assassin Kills Dowager's
With a
Spear.
Wu Ting Fang, Minister to
the United States, Re
called to China.
PEKING. Nov. 2.— While the Empress
Dowager was embarking to cross the
river to-day before entering Honan an
assassin attempted to murder her. and
killed an attendant with a spear before he
was cut down.
The court has left Honan en route for
Peking.
Yesterday the recall of Yu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister at Washington, was
decided upon. He will be offered, it is
announced, a subordinate post in the
Foreign Office beneath his abilities, which
it is believed he will decline.
Li Hung Chang's interpreter, Tseng,
adopted son of the Marauis Tseng, is a
prominent candidate for the Washington
mission. He is 'M years old and was edu-
Ciited in England.
Cheng ieye h.as been appointed Min
ister in London. He is 55 years of age and
was formerly interpreter to the Chinese
legations in London and Berlin. He is
progressive.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The Chinese
Legation is without advices bearing out
the Peking report of the decision to recall
Minister At the same time there is
no disinclination at the legation to accept
the report as true for two reasons. First,'
the omcial dispatch in such matters al
most invariably is a day or two later than
the preps dispatch, as occurred in the case
of tne recall of Minister Yang Vi, Minis
ter Wu's predecessor, and second, the pre
scribed term of three years of Minister '
Wu expired some months ago.
It was stated at the legation to-night
that there were no Peking dispatches
aw.iiting the Minister's return. There
have been rumors for some time that Wu
would be recailed. So fax the gossip from
the Chinese court has mentioned two
names as possible successors. These are
Tseng, Li Hung Chang's interpreter, and
Li Cheng Fang a son of that Viceroy. The
latter is about oO years old.
Cheng Teye, appointed to the Chinese
Embassy at the court of St. James, was
a secretary of the special embassy sent
to Tokio to expiate the assassination of
the Chancellor of the Japanese Legation
at Peking:. Sir Lo Fen Loh, whom he
succeeds, was not thought to have been
slated for the transfer to St. Petersburg.
TOLEDO, 0., Nov. 2.— Chinese Minister
Wu was in this city while en route to Ann
Arbor, Mich., where he spoke Friday
night. Senator Hanna met him at the
station and in the course of a conversa
tion said:
"Wu, you are getting too popular over
here. I hear that your countrymen are
getting jealous and are going to make it !
hot for you."
"Ah, you do not understand our people. ]
We are a queer people," said Wu, and
then adroitly changed the subject. Min
ister Wu passed through this city at 9
o'clock to-night on his return trip to
Washington.
GOEBEL MURDER SUSPECTS
WIKL NOT BE EXTRADITED
Governor Durbin of Indiana Refuses
to Sign the Second Requisi
tion Papers.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 2.—Gover
nor Durbin to-night announced his deci
sion refusing to grant the requisition for
the return to Kentucky of ex-Governor
Taylor and Charles W. Finley, who were
indicted by Kentucky courts for com
plicity in the murder of Governor William
Goebel.
Governor Durbin's decision is embodied
in a long letter addressed to Governor
Beckham of Kentucky.
Governor Durbin recites the fact that
this is the second requisition made for tho
return of the fugitives and states that he
must decline to honor the requisition for
the same reason that prompted his prede
cessor, the late Governor Mount, that the
time has not yet arrived when an unpre
judiced and non-partisan hearing of tho
charges agrainst the fugitives can be had
in Kentucky.
j ADVEHTISEMIENTS.
Cures
Goitre
Great Medical Discovery That Cure 3
This Dangerous and Disfiguring
Disease at Home Without
Pain or Inconvenience.
TRIAL PACKAGE^ SENT FREE
A well -known Cincinnati physician has had
marvelous success with a remedy, that always
| cures Goitre or Thick Neck quickly at home;
: and owing to the fact that most sufferers be-
MRS. LILLIAN BROWN, who cured herself
', _ completely at home with this Remedy
after Buffering 22 years.
leve Goitre is Incurable he sends a free trial
package of his discovery so that patients may
J try It and know positively that their Goitre
can be cured at home without pain, dangerous
surgical operation or any inconvenience
Doctor Haig can cure any Goitre quickly an 3
safely in your own home. It makes no differ-
ence how serious your case may be. Just write
him to-day, telling your age, size of your
1 Goitre, what part of the neck it is on and how
long you have had it and he will Bend you by
return mail the free trial package, postpaid
of the remedy that will surely cure you
Do not delay but write to-day to Dr John P
Haig 2118 Glenn Building, Cincinnati. Ohio'
and he will forward the treatment, postage
prepaid. Do not fail to get this wonderful rem-
| edy. In Bombay, India, 60,000 patients in that
infected district were cured with this same
remedy, and wherever used its success has
been marvelous. :-•,.-.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AW*Y.
fjL ZSTABUSBEO 1891 <fet»fc>
RIPTIRE^WgL
CIREDIiSI
GY FIDELITY METHOD. fiiSlf ?S
T« Cnrc-Po«ltive-Per. Ml GA J>n
?»«"»?nt--«»n«l Guarantee &£§!&*•<?
for Lire. We mean what we H ¦Bfc«!&J
My. We can cure you. 12,00© MMf»sy|fßf*
cure* in la»t 7 ye»rv We cure in H!t9tm2ss&
60 day« without pain cr loss of I bEMB^s
time. Successful on men women EfeSiSttSl w
and children. No chance for BHfl "-
failure. UNTIL CURED llif 111 j.
nopayuntilcuredHw j.
Testimonials at our office or ¦ Ejl ¦ 5
references fumiihed on applies.- m 1 fSsa - 3
ticn. All patient* mast come to IrH Is 3 2 b
this office for pisfciiiontl itten- Egl ¦¦ " *
fkon. ¦ ; ;
FIDELITY RtJPrCKK CURE, 111 w[ *"
' Boom 1, 28!* KearnjrEt." ' '^B^--— : ip ¦•''¦<:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
FISK'S SLAYER
JOINS MAJORITY
Edward S. Stokes Passes
Away at the Home
of His Sister.
Career of the Man Who Be
came a Power in Tam
many Politics.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Edward S. Stokes
died this afternoon at the home of his sis
ter, Mrs. McNutt. Before a severe at
tack, which came while he was traveling
in Canada, Stokes had for some. time been
in failing health. He was very low ten
days ago, but rallied only to sink again.
He began failing last night and his
strengtn slowly ebbed away to the end
tins aiternoon.
Edward S. Stokes jvas for a time, some
thirty years ago, tne most taiked-of man
in America, lac had killed the celebrated
financier, Jim jKisk, Jay Gould's partner,
who hao. been his iriend and patron, anu
kihed him for a woman, tne notorious
Josie Mansfield.
Stokes was of good birth and breeding,
and was a Wall-street cierk when iTisK
met and took a lancy to mm, taking him
in time as a visitor to the Twenty-third
street palace in which he had instaueu tne
Mansneid woman, and where nignt after
night he and his friends held high revel
without count of cost. Stokes became
infatuated with the woman, and she ap
peared at least to be fond of him.
Fisk became aware of the deceit of one
and the treachery of the other. ¦ He made
war on Stokes and ruined him financially.
Stokes, with the Mansfield woman's as
sistance, retaliated. Both were indicted
at the instance of Fisk for blackmail.
Then came the climax, January 6, 1872.
Stores twice shot and fatally wounded
Fiek, who died the next day. Stokes was
three times tried and finally convicted of
manslaughter in the third degree, and ac
cepting the finding went to prison, ar.il
after serving four years was pardoned in
1877. With the remains of the fortune
that he had made under Fisk's tutelage
he embarked after a time in the saloon
business, and his place, the Hoffman
House, became a famous resort for sports
generally. His business grew enormously,
and in the course of eight or ten years he
was rated among the millionaires of
Gotham. He becanfe a power in Tam
many, but at the same time kept from
public view and avoided notoriety, espe
cially shunning that class of women of
whom the text says "her feet take hold
on hell." As he lay dying, however, came
one Rosamond Langdon Barclay, claim
ing to be his wife.
Stokes lost largely some few years ago
in various speculations, but doubtless
leaves what in any other city than New
York might be called a large fortune.
MEXICO HOLDS
BACK INTEREST
Virtually Ignores Claim
of Catholic Church
of California.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.-Archbishop
Riordan of San Francisco is in Wash
ington, and with Archbishop Ireland
he has culled upon the President. It
is understood that one of the purposes of
his visit is to induce the Government of
the United States to renew its efforts to
secure the payment by the Mexican Gov
ernment to the Catholic church of Cali
fornia of more than $1,000,000 due to tho
church on account of what is known as
the "pious fund." Before the acquisition
of Upper California by the United States
the Catholic churches of Upper and Low
er California had on deposit with the
Mexican Government money and property
aggregating a very large total, upon
which the Mtxican Government was
obliged to pay the churches a certain an •
nual interest. In the case of the church
of Upper California this interest amount
ed to almost $50,000 annually. The interejt
payments ceased after the Mexican war.
but after the lapse of twenty years ?
claim on behalf of the church for interest
unpaid came before the Mexican Claims
Commission, which allowed the claim
But since that date, although the award
was paid by tne Mexican Government,
there have been no further payments of
interest, and ihe present purpose is to
press for a settlement of this interest ac
count. Negotiations have been proceed
ing in a way between Washington and
Mexico for some years past, but ther-*
have been no exchanges of recent datet
The Mexican Government has not showa
any disposition to avoid a settlement, but
bases its failure so far to pay interest on
the broad ground that the award by the
Mexican Claims Commission to the claim
ants of a sum aggregating nearly $100 -
00,000 acted legally as a settlement in ful!.
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The Presidert
to-day made the following appointments-
War— Chailes B. Nichols, surgeon uf
volunteers, rank of major; Joseph Her
rin, captain of cavalry; James B. Mitch
ell, captain of artillery corps; George C
Broome and Willis C. Mfctcalf, first lieu
tenants, Porto Rico provisional regiment
of infantry; Charles Andrews, surgeomof
volunteers, rank of major; Eugene Vkn
N. Bissel, second lieutenant of cavalry.
SCHLEY INQUIRY
IS NEARLY OVER
Admiral Dewey Expects
Public Sessions to
Soon Conclude.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.-Admiral Dewey
called on President Roosevelt to-day but
did not discuss with him the Schley court
of inquiry except to tell the Presidenr
that the public sessions of the court
would be concluded in a few days.
"When we begin to sift the testimony "
said the* admiral, "our real work will b"
gin. I told Secretary Long when ho
asked me to become president of the court
that I would rather go through another
battle in Manila Bay. The hardest par
of the work will be wading through thJ
mass of testimony and reaching our con
clusions. I have two able associates
however, and realize that we are on triii
before the corn try as well as Admira'
Schley. Two abler, better men could not
have been secured than Admirals Ben
ham and Ramsay."
Admiral Dewey said that the court
probably would take up each paragraph
of the precept find render such an opinion
as may be called for. He did not know
that this would be done, as he had net
discussed the case with*' his associate?
but it had occurred to him that this wouli
be a good plan. He felt, he said, that the
American people would want the court's
reasons in detail and were entitled to
know them.
Changes in Postal Department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Theodore In
galls of Louisville has been appointed
chief of the mail depredations division ol
the Postofflce Department. He too*
charge to-day, succeeding Emanuei
gpeich, tr.'*wferred to another branch of
the service.
RANSOM MONEY
IS INCREASED
One Thousand Dollars
More to Fund to Res
cue Miss Stone.
It Is Believed the Bandits
Will Accept the $66,000
Now Available.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— While com
munication has been established with the
brigands and the safety of Miss Stone
has been satisfactorily determined, seme
delay in her release is apt to arise be
cause of the difficulty in communicating
with her abductors.
The ransom fund has been increased,
the authorities have been informed. *y
$1000, making the total available for her
rescue $66,000. There is little prospect
that additions will be made to this sum.
Tha Boston board of missions will not
confcibute additional funds and the Gov
ernment has no appropriation from which
to draw for the balance.
The brigantis must therefore accept
$66,000 or nothing, and the authorties be
lieve that they will prefer the former
alternative. No dispatches were received
by the State Department from Eddy, the
secretary of the American Legation, or
Dickinson, Consul General at Sofia, show-
Ing that further communication has not
been had with the brigands.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 2.— The let
ter received from Miss Ellen M. Stone,
the American missionary referred to in
these dispatches yesterday, which it is
said was written two days previously,
turns out to be a few hurried lines on a
scrap of paper received at Samakov a
w-eek ago, but written a month before
'hat in which Miss Stone wrote of the ap
proaching expiration of the date. October
S, fixed for the payment of the ransom
demanded by the brigands, and a?ked
her friends to hurry up the money. The
missionaries who are working for Miss
Stone's release believe she is still alive.
Failure of a Silk Company .
BOSTON. Nov. 2.— Judge Colt of the
United States Circuit Court for this dis
trict has appointed Theodore Phylus King
of Quincy and Edmunds Putney of New
York receivers of the Eureka Silk Com
pany, which has offices in this city and a
factory at Canton. The appointment was
made upon the petition of William R.
Lyle & Co. of New York, creditors to the
amount of $120,000. The liabilities of the
company amount to $390,000, of which $385,
00 is owing on notes and $5000 on inciden
tal bills and accounts not yet rendered.
The value of the assets is not known.
LONDON SOCIAL
SET AT WEDDING
New York Belle Marries
American Minister
to Persia.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Lloyd Carpenter
Griscom, United States Minister to Per
sia, was married in St. Margaret's
Church, Westminster, to-day to Miss
Elizabeth Duer Bronson, daughter of the
late Frederick Bronson of New York, be
fore a fashionable assemblage. Canon
Henson performed the ceremony. Colonel
Charles Criehton was the best man. Eg
erton S. Winthrop of New York, uncle of
the bride, gave her away.
The bridesmaids were Miss Pauline As
tor. Miss Muriel "White, Miss Griscom and
Mile. Montsaulnin.
Among those present were all the officials of
the United States Embassy, Mr. and Mrs. Clem
ent A. Griscom, parents of, the bridegroom; Mr.
and Mrs. Clement A. Griscom Jr., Mrs. Bron
son, the bride's mother, and Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Williams, Mrs. Morris and Mrs. Mailer,
all of Philadelphia; Robert Winthrop, the
Duchess of Marlborough, the Duchess of St.
Albans, the Earl and Countess of Powys, the
Earl and Countess of Yarborough and the Earl
and Countess of Listowell, Viscountess Galway,
Lord Ludlow, Sir Francis and Lady Winning
ton, Sir Francisc Monteflore, William Waldorf
Astor, Mrs. Ogden Goelet. Miss Goelet, Mrs.
Chamberlain and Lady Victoria Russell.
The newly married couple went to a
country place lent to them by Lady The
odore Guest. They will leave England for
Persia in about ten days.
Among the numerous and costly pres^
ents were four large beauvais tapestries
and a check from the bride's mother, who
also gave the groom a magnificent black
pearl pin. The groom gave the bride a
diamond collar with a diamond and ame
thyst pendant, a watch encased In dia
monds and enamel and an old French dia
mond ring. Mr. Griscom Si-, gave the
bride a pearl necklace, consisting of four
rows of splendid stones, with a diamond
and sapphire clasp; Mrs. Griscom Sr., a
diamond brooch; W. K. Vanderbilt, a
pearl bayatier; Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt,
a diamond tiara; Mrs. Frederick Vander
bilt, a diamond ornament; Mrs. Astor, a
diamond bracelet; the Duchess of .Marl
borough, a diamond and sapphire brace
let; the Duchess of St. Albans, a gold
ornament pocketbook; Mr. and Mrs.. Brad
ley-Martin, a parasol with the handle in
laid with diamonds and rubies.
Besides these there were many gifts
from public men in America, including
Senator Mark Hanna and H. M. Flagler.
KILLS COUPLE
AND HIMSELF
Jealousy Causes a Man
to Commit Murder
and Suicide.
AMSTERDAM, N. V., Nov. 2.-Fred
erick Bankert at 2 o'clock this morning
killed William Green by shooting him in
the neck with a revolver and splitting his
head open with a hatchet. Bankert also
shot Mrs. Green and cut her head open
with the hatchet, inflicting fatal wounds,
and then shot himself through the heart,
dying instantly.
Bankert gained entrance to Green's
apartments by climbing up a rope ladder
on the outside of the building and enter
ing a window. He was a suitor of Mrs.
Green before her marriage, but his love
was unrequited. For this reason he shot
her on November 23, 1895, and cut her
with a razor, but she recovered from her
wounds. For this crime Bankert was sent
to State prison, and was released from
there about six months ago.
Mrs. Green died at 4 o'clock this after
noon. She was formerly Miss Cora B.
Harrison. She was an accomplished
amateur actress and a handsome and at
tractive woman, 26 years old. Bankert
was 30 and Green was 22
Eggleston Is Released.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— The Secretary
of the Interior has been advised officially
that Eggleston, the IJte Indian, whose
detention by the Colorado authorities on
tho charge of violating the game laws
led to a request by the State Department
to have the man defended, was released
October 27 and is well on hia way to
White Rock agency, in Utah.
.. ..,. . ; : ¦ *
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .^ ;: ~£~. ;. . '
(% yf A Hif I Thirty feet of towels arc packed away in your hnsi&s ana
Ov<\ I .Tjt «• J^^ 3. most he kept dean, in order to do business. ': --3
Til /itSfttife^attTSK^S If a long way, with man turns and pitfalls to catch the
:Wl^^gi refuse and dog the channel if not most carefully cleaned out
. -S^^^SiSi^^r every^ ay. this long canal is blockaded, look out for trouble —
/lS^^^^^^^b?v furred tongue, bad breath, belching; of prases, yellow spots,
f^^^^^PfOSSA pimples and boils, headaches, spitting up of food after eating— aa
a^A?^^Sfes^Sl all-around disgusting nuisance.
/¦aSyßJ^^JSpS^ij^^ . Violent calomel purges or griping salts are dan-
Hy^^^^SiPlii Serous to use for cleaning out the bowels}
I OQI-^K&^SSyl^ll ne ? force out the obstruction by causing
wUic|iirrtiiii> tfa « a '''"£ ;; '%ar^^^a violent spasms of the bowels, but they Leave
WSBS^j^^^y the intestines 'weak and even less able to keep-
' MPl^Sl^SH^I 9 a 9 uhr mevements than before, and make a.
7 V^y|pEMSSp P^ 16 larger dose necessary next time. '
k*^ /^^^W^^ Then you have the pill habit, which kills rj£e people thaU
As^A 5^ fßlr^ the morphine and whiskey habits combined.
O EftiigF^^ The only safe, gentle but certain bowel cleansers are sweet." .-
fragrant CIASCARETS, because they don't force out the foecal
I4*"jl!i^**^ matter with violence, but act as a tonic on the whole 30 feet of
*«%.. t»#MiT»i wilt «*«•*« *rtfi<»n the muscles and restore healthy natural
TOTS IMMENTABT CAKAt. i tower end ot bowel wall, Stren|tncn UK hi»"« •"« «» t j *r>A
XS^^^W^Xt^^Sfi^^^^ action. Buy and try them! (Look out for imitations and sub-
faiiS^P^rii-fo^a^S; »fAVen BeSS8 cSSr U ctt stitutcs or you can't get results. Cascarets are never sold in bulk.
I 10. Trtuwrerse colon: U. Desoendinß colon: 12. Sigrmoid flex- Look for the trademark, the long tailed "CT on the box.)
ure; 13. Reotum: 14. Anus. The duodenum is continuous with 1X)OK lOT 1116 iraoc-iu*«is^ ni& *«"5 mm**,« -w * i*m
1^ tTe^k^r^S. *S%S\ SJ&SS You will find that in an entirely natural way yoct bowels will
! gttn^-^^L^uJ^aSlJjL* bow ' " Brttoto *¦ be promptly and permanently cured by Cascarets* «
- A Sure Thing for You. Beauty Is Blood Deep. Everybody Says So.
A transaction in which you cannot lose Clean blood means a clean akin. No Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the most
Is a sure thing. Biliousness, sick head- beauty without It. Cascarets Candy Ca- wonderful medical discovery of the ago.
thSusaSd^other^ns 1^ rn^t? thartic clean your blood and keep It clean pleasant and refreshing to the taste, act
patlon and Iluggish 6 Hver Cascarets by stirring Up the laZy liver and driving gently and positively on kidneys, liver .
Candy Cathartic, the wonderful new liver all impurities from the body. Begin to- and bowels, cleansing the entire system,
stimulant and intestinal tonic are by all day to banish pimples, boils, blotche3, dispel colds, cure headache, fever, hab-
druggists guaranteed to cure or money blackheads and that sickly bilious com- ltual constipation and biliousness. Please
refunded. C. C. C. are a sure thing. Try plexion by taking Cascarets— bea'uty for buy and try a box of C. C. C. to-day; 10c.
a box to-day; 10c, 25c, 50c. Sample and 10c. All druggists, satisfaction sruaran- 25c, 50c. Sold and guaranteed to cure by
booklet free. See our big ad. teed, 10c, 25c, 50c. / all druggists.
CATTLEMEN ORGANIZING
TO PREVENT LEGISLATION
Will Oppose a Measure Providing for
the Leasing of Government
Lands.
OMAHA, Nov. 2.— A dispatch received
in this city from Harrison, Nebr. , is to
the effect that an organization of the cat
tlemen of that vicinity is being effected
to co-operate with the cattlemen and
sheepmen of Wyoming in opposition to a
bill providing for the leasing of Govern
ment lands.
The Omaha Commercial Club has by
resolution announced its opposition to the
measure. It has been stated that Senator
Millard of Nebraska will introduce the
bill, but in an interview to-day Senator
Millard declares that he has not yet de j
cided whether or not he will present the
measure. Senator Dietrich has announced
his support of the measure. The National
Irrigation Congress, on the other hand, is
opposing it. It is understood here that a
bill has been prepared by a prominent
livestock man in the western part of the
State which has met the approval of the
interests which are supporting the bill,
Sterling Furniture.
|^^*teg!^^ a^ s *ss S yi ™* P' en^ "Sterling" made
"I % ' WM ' % *. .. Parlor Suite $17.50
'!"* - v *&** -i^s •,-- l ' . Our own Bfood upholstery— not the
V % -J^.**^*o: *& -ffc.^ ~_>S*K-*r\ "trashy. Eastern factory" kind.
/fi»-O^-^ : Y^ ¦iTTm'^'r^" m..,,-?) &T^~Us The frames are of birch, finished ma-
t, fefvjilsj&lf . _ ¦< \\ V-Vwil""" 111 1 Tit/// B I I V(s§^/' hogany color and beautifully polished in
V^f l\ # '^lr^ &f^ W I \^ OUr Own ™s hi *S "oms.
\w2ni?\lk^ %^3i^^A " '• rSxxl! ' «v* Ir^^^. f - |$*?«i The coverings are satin tapestries or
{^ W*% ' W ! /P &£&' silk damask (your choice).
n^^O'i^ AVHlu'i ' -, > t:2 ** [ J&L—lf Ij ip l - Plenty, of tempered steel springs and
u^rr^OLL \\ it' 1 ' '¦ v <M ' - r^~ >< «?-Jl iß^^S^^ "know-how" are used in the making:, giv-
i s^^\ —^^ - \.J^...,.^,..,'^, , M.v»?'i£.M'i- < ii-"M t JSfc!,'n..ai'.Hin l -*«\ ing a soft, comfortable seat that will
l^^^sl\i^^3^ t-'rv' 'J^' IT" M JPJ P^T j *s £iVe almost a lifetime ' 3 wear.
Os^i m^&is^^S im^j^t^/0^ I fi 1/ i H I The lllustratlon is accurate and no feat-
I^H W^^'lP^W- P3p§^lullsl !i \\ II f if I Ure haS been enlar = ed u n - It you feel
' • jjPlf 'jp ~" ' — -|— $ jf " l ;r uB::u B::a * : J*. I -z^Jf- j J < any disappointment on seeing the set, it
« I "'' n—m j| { S '¦ I ¦ '. |! • _ I will be an agreeable disappointment, we
'I V ~ — * - feel confident.
We have an ever supply cf scre:ns, - Unbreakable Iron Beds. The Drapery Department has just put on
hence tne p.- cc. . Sa: e a new lot of
$3.70 for the Screen We carr y a splendid ime of maiieabie RopR 0 p Portieres.
Shown (fairly well) in the picture lron beds - The ralls and fastenings are Some for double doors at lower prices
above. The frame is of oak and tough and can be driven together with a than have ever been offered before,
stands just six feet in height. sledge hammer without the least danger Sixteen heavy twisted inch cords.
Each leaf is two feet wide. • „, v..<,.,iri~,~ Knotted and tasseled with a heavy
The fillings are of demin or DreaKln ß- overdraw,
(double) in pretty colorings. The first advantage is obvious: We can Almost any color or combination of
The screen consists of three stand responsible for their behavior (and co i,°" 7° UU A COU as , k for $475 -
leaves joined by invisible hinges , x .-, ,-jT,. , , ... , *l.lt) for Arabian lace,
that allow the leaves to turn do) indefinitely— almost forever! Door Panels 26x48 inches.
either way. The finish of these beds is much smooth- '
. ~~~^~~~~^~~~~^~~~ er than that of the ordinary metal bed — f^ Si f~~~^k
5 • . 9 enamel lasts longer, looks better, IS J2 Iky**^.
•SI t^ i '--- -"^^l ... i$ r ~7%M 111 in i! hpi liiiii
-J£2- = ____.. s^g ' iSS^B-V^/'iml* This Handsome ffin nn
This handsome bed ff rAn JSmliß&k* '& — (wIM Metal Bed $IV./3
made of malleable iron... 4» « V V |1^ 5^ XS& a b£°nin* ke ass wears better. Prob-
Drive the fastenings home with \> B^ggg^W 0 ??.^
a sledge— you cah't break them- V I -^Lb^f ,m dollars, and the tenth person woiilrt
. only make it stand firmer and V ¦^^^Qsl \7M appraise it at tWiCe the crice w-r£k
more rigid. . • • \\ I \ /f/ * ./ mw\ for it. V"cc we ass.
The posts are of 1%-inch Iron. IJ \#7 \l fl'#/ The massive curved fram« <. r^., i.
The rods and filling are 3-16-inch. h -=s_ WZ=-r - - I- If/ of 1%-inch tubing and alf joint* ?*rl
Burnished brass knobs sur- ih^&rgE^.L-- X_W h finished with richly scrolled awrle flt
mount the posts, mounted on pat- &JP" ' Three-JuStet ?° 1 ?? e ?taS| le Jgl
ent flange casters that will not x y $10.75. > s»«sie size
break and never refuse to roll. *"^ — ' — '¦> ¦ ?i m^—~— — — — — —
Three-quarter or singles sizes $5. • *.^v" - ; "" "~~"~ """""¦
"~ ~" Something Brand New |IP*
ljjJßjl Morris Bockers T
l\\ \J\ lU'.Wn. In golden oak or mahoganized birch I Ik^\ 1 (
(' II i! 5/' 1 lOWA . Unusually strong in construction I^4L\ WW^ F*
I// ' : J s *J&Bl">> UglY projectlons in the back-a polished M I 5
fl^^SS^^ >'i : IL ' brasS ratchet takes the place of the usual " i I |L«^ /Hi _L ' I
fo^**£2J~' ~wJl notched projection. i*^K
Ffr^^^^^^^SV .{. { T he backs can be adjusted to any angle ' i^^ .imyt^MMig
-Sp"^*^*^Wp^= r-=^- Soft • reversible velour cushions. Doubt H^^||B^jß|jp^^^B,
i : I if there is another rocker in the world 1 Jn_JL^T x \
.¦ • S SHBHP(«b^IdK! ~r-* '¦;•'¦ that holds as much restfulness and solid ""| " =r? i MM — "~ ~¦P
a woe.™ .ddm« $6 75 Chairs $7.50 #^Wfq ; .
to you; perior.. i|IV» I %J >*«ii*c price *^ • *u\f
This daintily turned Roman — — — - ; .
chair ls another example of „ , , ~~ ~"~~~~~~* DTt^m* rVi^ia €?O *»c?
"Sterling" goodness. '-;¦: ° f Positively no mail or telephone order, FZU\Or tliair $825.
co^a^well po , l , ls ll ed frames accepted for any of these goods r£^ f^ the "coopshaped back,
could as well call it mahogany, WP . n OT nT ._. _.. 6UUUS - Comfort ln the splendidly upholstered
the color and polish are so hand- WE DBE GLAD TO HAVE YOU sea^ Comfort in the spreading arms
some. . „ OPEN AN ACCOUNT WITH US , Beauty in the twisted arm supports*
v p h^ry ma toTaft: Sterllng '' YOU CAN THE PAYMENTS S,?!^ 111 * ieSS "* *™" ™™
Picture tells the rest of the TO SUIT YOUR CONVENIENCE— AND Mahoganized birch frames silk coy
story. . .WITHOUT INTEREST. - e "un Sterllnfr made upholstery.
STERLING FurnituFc Company
**t* auk ''fit/ *%£r *^r «1 jL JL \%^§ w*Jn JS *l
; 1039 MARKET ST., OPP. McALLISTEfi
and that this is the bill which will be pre
sented. The interests which are behind
the measure are the large cattle and
sheep raisers of Nebraska, Wyoming,
Utah and Montana.
Of Interest to People of the Coast
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Postmasters
commissioned, California — Nettie M. Knot
well, Forbestown; David P. Bottroff,
Stowe. Oregon — Harry Eyer, Chitwood.
Appointed, California— Louis Heller, Cop
ley. Shasta County, vice P. H. Roan, re
signed; K. B. Martin. Sespe, Ventura
County, vice C. E. Smith, resigned. Ore
gon— E. E. Fair, Lost Valley, Wheeler
County, vice Joseph Frizzell, resigned.
"Washington — E. E. Teachnor, Van Asselt,
King County, vice S. J. Teachnor, re
moved.
Pensions were granted as follows: Cali
fornia — Original — Philander O. Stone,
Butte City, $6; Morris Skinner, Campbell.
$12. Increase — Douglass Luce, Banta. $12.
Oregon, Increase, Mexican war — Moses
Parrott, Roseburg, $8.
Even the Lord favors the railroads. The
people who can get passes to Colorado
can't get off to go.
ENGLISH PEOPLE STILL
BELIEVE THE KING IL.o
Physicians Prohibit Him From Smok
ing and Forbid the Use of Any
Alcoholics.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— When such serious
and ultra-re3pectable paper 3as the Lon
don Times and Lancet deem it advisable
to display announcements that King Ed
ward is not ill it can be reasonably de
ducted that a very general impression to
the opposite prevailed among those upper
classes by which these papers are read.
There is reason to believe that the King
was suffering within the last few days
from an ulcerated throat, which those
closely attached to him, especially the
women of his own family, feared must be
the forerunner of cancer. According to
tho pronouncements of the doctors, their
fears are unfounded. But King Edward is
prohibited from smoking and is forbidden
the use of any alcoholics. Whether the
physicians are concealing the truth even
from the royal patient and his family ia
a secret history alone can reveal, but it
is evident from the King's public appear
ances that there is nothing very immi
nently dangerous in his condition.f ADVERTISEMENTS."
PLAIN TALK
To Catarrh Sufferers.
Every person suffering from catarrh In
sts many forms knows that the common
lotions, salves and douches do not cure It
is needless to argue this point or to cite
cases 01: failure, because every victim of
catarrhil trouble knows it for himself if
be has tried them.
A local application. if It does any thine-
nt all. simply gives temporary relief- a
•u-ash, lotion, salve ,K° r^ powder cannot :
reach the seat of the disease, which is
the blood.
The mucous membrane seeks to relieve
the blood of catarrhal poison by secreting
larpe quantities of mucus, the dischargi
sometimes closing up the nostrils de-
scendms to the throat and larynx cans
ir.g an irritating; cough, continual cieariii-
of the throat, deafness, indigestion aid
many ether disagreeable and persistent
symptoms. cut
A remedy to really cure catarrh mun
be an internal treatment; a remedy -which
will gradually cleanse the system from
catarrhil poison and remove the fever and
cogjon always present in the mucous
The eel remedies for this purpo-. are
Eucalyptol. Sanguinaria and HvdraVin
but the difficulty has always been to get
these valuable curatives combined in one
' palatable, convenient and efficient form
Recer.tly this has been accomplished
and th» preparation put on the market
under the name of. Stuart's Catarrh Tab
leis: they are large, pleasant tastiiig
lozenges, so that they may be slowly dis
solved in the mouth, thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally
the stomach ana Intestines. ,
An a 3 vantage to be considered also is
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no
cocoaire, morphine or poisonous narcotics
so often found in catarrh powders and
the use of which often entails a habit
more dangerous than the disease.
Siuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
age and are probably the safest and most
effectual catarrh cure ori the market.
DUE PRECAUTION
AGAINST PLAGUE
Vessels From Liverpool
and Glasgow to Be
Inspected.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— With the in
formation so far in the possession of the
marine hospital service authorities as to
.itbreak oi the plague in Liverpool
-¦ iw this Government does not
>c cities as infected ports. The
"otntost care, nowever, is being exercised
•lcials here to prevent the plague
« ntering Atlantic ports of the Unite \
i through incoming vesels from Liv
erpool and Glasgow. All such arrivals
- subjected to the most rigid exam
inatioa. The members of the crews of th«j
s, who art likely to have been near
*r the scene of the outbreak than ordin
pers, will be examined with the
gTe£t€'St care.
Surgeon General Wyman said he did not
: ;ate a widespread epidemic, aui
that while strict precautions . must be
the danger of spread of the -disease
- country was not excessive.
Health Officer Doty of New York wired
that he would have a conference
¦with the Marine Hospital officers in New
ajid later report what action they
• red necessary.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 2.— Telegrams from
Galvt-ston, T*x., report that the State
Health Department has issued orders to
enforce quarantine against all vessels
from Liverpool and Glasgow, on account
of the prevalence of bubonic plague at
those ports. Seven or eight ships from
pool and Glasgow are now en voyage
Iveston. All vessels will be detained
ays at quarantine station, and for
fen indefinite period should there be sick
tiess M board.
DEMANDS INVESTIGATION
OF HIS MENTAL STATUS
Atto:mey in Redding Court Wants
Examiners to Determine if
He Is Sane.
REDDING, Nov. 2.— W. D. Tillotson, at
for the Mountain Copper Company,
the defendant in an action for damages
a to have been sustained by Peter
•rg and others to their orchard
Shasta by sulphur fumes from
pmeltsrF. to-day caused a stir In the
when he asked for a continuance.
Ximball of San Francisco, attorney
.ntiffs, asked if Tillotson con
m crazy.
not say that you are crazy," re
¦."illotson. "You are afraid to say
' razy." exclaimed Kimball, to
tson replied, "I am not afraid
. are crazy, but I do not
would be fair to you to
t to go to an exhaustive trial of
' hue you are in the mental con
: you now appear."
. demanded of the court
be made as to his mental
?ked that two physicians
¦who have attr-nded to him
hort stay, be member? of the
< . board. Judge Sweeny an
that the motion for a continu
• date of trial would be taken
oday morning and that at that
¦ v investigation of the mental con
»f Kimbail might be considered.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. ( JOE BOSENBEBG'S. . ] JOE ROSENBERG'S. |S JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. , JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOB ROSENBERG'S.
3i You nsVsr agatn Wtff sat slich "^zsz^ A * M^^ zS ™
¦ ¦ -90' . < *•< ?Vgr aaain WUI • 32X -. SU hi i, * ™? ( rcer z f d s^ c"e "~ the new a deep 14-inch flounce of Swi 93 embrotd-
VSii l^ lAßTNUV^^a^tfta^.MMil L_. sm. ** ** 2 «r^>v f mL —T 5 % 1 % m. n white stri P c - finished with a cry; also dust ruffle. The embroidery
C ¦ \M ¦ I If\ P^ *^ r* Vl^F\ P r\ ¥ « I KSfc fim IrK 0Q 1 J /Ok JV £X deep ten-inch flounce and trimmed with would cost you more than what we ask
,^^\ O- *"1 •\WC3ILJ f^ V. M 7~> LI C^ \, C^ 111 fea^ L_J IL^ I^l LJ>v L^ a ruffle - The material of the flounce is for this skirt *1.95
/* \^*h \ Wm^mm^m: Vi^^^ H I HW 'v* M^^V SfeS th T The hh b e ia : nn e d K^BtS Hose Supporter. ;
%\ Vi An It'S True Ovr First Is The Genuine Princess Glove. To-Day .We Place on Sale P^7T«'7'''^n^ &•& • ¦ * n A d 1 - ls c c^ w b 0 e m p a r n oud 1
lir hi W\ * **"V LADIES; FRENCH LISLE THREAD SECOND TO N ONE." . 200 LADIES' ONEITA COMBINATION „£< Career Si ve^WeVvlXfd jC^[ caUed^the^FOSTEß
"dm Wm\ Is - the *o£zmm y^'w^&^s^s^b
/fi <^X V ¦ Best ANOTHER - A »i ™ FOR TEN- .¦•". w white You will pay . $1.25 r °"Sh with •¦»* tape:color^ gray and .;. . DRAWERS. made If J/ wearer The new IVeftp^ltlon
/ lm \ DCSI DER FEET. anywhere outside of this -¦ Sjfi^:,, 1 /^S' d o^?i ?"L^?? o^^7" . y^v3% soft bleached muslin. \( I It ha 9 four elastic bands at-
f S fl/lm^. sT^<C \ • ** WhJ1 'X LADIES' HOSE, made of extra fine , A , store. We are overstocked we would not be able to sell them at this « •' r *>f- trimmed with deep mus- £«¦*> tached to the pad five inches
/; I ¦ , jfc>—^/^^.vSA ¦ f _J« A_) Egyptian cotton, soft and pliable, vel- In these gloves and we will sell a limit- price now ¦•••••• 81.00 .¦ \_ V lin ruffle, edged with fine ' wide and four inches long, lined
/• v i W\^/^\ Tv\vN^ —^ J-iCIQIcJS vet finish. The stocking to keep your ed quantity, so we have marked them .... •«*•••• „¦, .. ¦. •» >.<%' iA,,^ narrow embroidery, full with a fine white English sUesia. It la
/AVH -¦¦ jy &-^.i\vr^N WalL-hirt feet dry and free from perspiration. Per- down to •• " :........ 81 -°" MotherS Delwht— Child Joy width and full length... .the only - supporter with a pad largo
«\ \ **^.-3&- -Vlkl:^ WaiKmcj feet finish-warranted fast black. These An Item From Our Corset De- £$ i«u a Lii WIIIIUJ|IU J I next, ladies- chem.se. 25c enoug-h to push back the abdomen,
iffi. W/Ji _ »^»75»1 W Ctllllim stockings are made expressly for us and An ItCDI FrODl UUf COFSet D^- £?^ SLEEPING GARMENTS— x-^vt, , .mrc pupmiop a t assuring ¦ the wearer great comfort and
liP / s^v . 'i*l^v :-l: -l ' ***»«.***jj we consider them the greatest value we " . " ", v "*- JCI •*< Dr. Denton's bifurcated sleep- NEXT, LADIES CHEMISE, made of yet improving the figure. Our price....
Xw'tf >\ miM :\ -V Glove . • P^mcnt, and a Good $& iKS^g. fSI^SoHC^mK ' \ %^^f- v ; - ; - 5o«
Y^CI 1 rr^fclHL MaHp J5S B S«S3F I ES ™ E "h a? ! LADIES . C o O "4Vs To m V , , /iT SH 'SH.* 0 JSSSJSS SSSiS;S*. Ib !S An Ounce of Precaution b
V V 4%^?*!%. - r ' Ma Jr e# stocking's are made as th.vW.uld SsFllFi?£PrF tZ^irig.^SS^ a ND MOTHER. ' Worth a Pound of Cure. "
W.^WV*Efc*r^^fe^ w n Dnfr be made. &saremaaeastn 'J snuua models double side ist eels each bone 1/ Vhey havethe Indorsement of o. ' CORSET COVERS, mada -r-^- FOR HE.\LTH AND
JifflwlS SE 7 »P A a **""• HERD'S ONE-Made of extra fine ?? a w en rSns du?abHitv" exfra^i^ i/ Natural color, can be easily JW of extra fine muslin, trim- jT DRESSING C LADIES'
V °. K^K^ ITT A Egyptian cotton, warranted fast black, ? ateen AfnnTnfr across the b?lt ?n • '^L* Natural color can be easily JW mcd with fine Swiss em- VJ DRESSING JACK E T S-
- R ( K^*"^^ We Are ¦tf^JFtJLi^ttAT^B^ -KftiniSSs-sraJSr
Y-sks&Br Agents fashioned and full length. YoU will Sri ¦bottom- rolor. I otolt bluo B whltS Sal.atOTarrallSt.Entrai.ee. IMA s ALSO ;.,AS. ( i THER J COR " /A- TO.- wlth tm ™»'« collar, new
Is^ff^^ A 2 enls - HOW 0118 CHil nPFN»*J KxncK-iNrK ever think of elttine for Worth B?ari,nd VOmM/ same as above, only trim- \£. M edge all around the jacket
*haw .i^riiiiißwir"^^ ¦ now OUR CHILDREN** STOCKINGS e > er llimK oi getting lor 50c TTUlllt Kcauillg. /Nw'W mcd with torchon lace. The A 1 of all-wool yarn Why rot
_.. .... «r rs i i-* ARE MADE « T -j:..» Wwi-f,. *«w If you want an Ideal fnrm • *W* same P rlce lOc * buy them now at this low
Fverv Day a Bargain Day Here Why Not Save Yovr Eyesight h S* n ««S£. th Sa 1 «h I ."d'?.SSfi; i ISS «. I V X , . fo '" "• "< >*» " - ma°™e . " »"» ««•
tjust received, We bought them from a manufacturer oc k L n ,f£ k They t?an Cotton o^f O^irrhil (K^ nate waist deal 200 waists jr^\. sateen, rustproof steels" new- A. II\#VV^II,J» E/^?^ "J, '>! '
JSS?/^wVf? SCOT OK We bought them from a manufacturer f^ bllck EcrvnuJn ration Chirrhil >,wi| nate waist deal 200 waists y^si/V sateen, rustproof steels, new- fl IIV?V.ItT« ¦ P>, U^ : ¦ l» 'tSfeK^^^
S?v?S!m APRONSi that had too many of one pattern and ' c^st ¦ less than 60c on the JL VjKv^ est straight front effects, de- ' V : - . • 'Im TlT^i t*S~^£rt?- if
Si NG ?^ In blue and *o\A them to us at a wonderful conces- w |nd 9 ffll a lSl,?elt want^pVp?s ' >^N They are made of all- . CtITTO^I signed^with low bust; long It will scare the mice from your Wk A|) /4 
SSwn and white Bion. 20 Inches wide and 54 inches long. k n wn m e od In ml?» f tlnf v ' A\l w ?°v! ?, annel - trimmed Vftj^/ over the hips, bias cut, hand- • hn ,,. A * trr JW T ¦ r ' ¦*7^,i J
1 hl IC f , llze hem- They are the real hand-made lace Bat-- beerT c Jnfoved to mSS^ these^thf hpst ¦ / J Pffl ?' k !l, a i l "T° ol sout acho Njfe pored, lace trimmed. It also k°use. ET'^l. 1 ,' j^W' J - ~^//|
rh J ?«n/2trin« We Tdo tenberg In the newest desipns. with ex- stockings mlde-Swfss ribbed Piastio /AWll) braid back and front, /^\ has the extra tapes to fasten It will bring good luck to your IV <J#«(Ss(B^^^^£| '/Cife J
m t d w how long the tra heavy linen center. $4.00 would not |s°|* perfcctmtinB > All sizes Vwav /\ I new deta £hable collar, ; .» I the garters on to-keep the ab- '- house It is of. we W BL ACir CAT \^WSskP>"^VSS^mi%
«H^. Sr/th'STriS^ Our Buyers Are Never Asleep Bare Chance to Buy Beavtifiers U T*> liTm^fT* £,"*,! ?a[T^ll^4m^%^^Vj^ imported art d«nim, including i%l WP2
"m - A luck ; purchase of ours enables By a lucky purchase of ours we bought Q V but how little we can Bell introduce this new corset this week's back. They are the most natural lVfiS«^gWW^r//fl
ANOTHER. us to sell LADIES 1 HANDKER- 500 sample pieces of VEILING, made in • them for Sl.^s price..... ..' SI.OO cats, made with real ¦ fur on their B\^L JM»?fil^*.'3= i=r 1
S3w££&£ft3h£ C^o FF z ce n a LA n D?Br S^IS P s r^^ £:fs:S%T;HS3 |A [ RITCFNRFRfi 816 MARKET STREET . backs. It is made right here in lißfcjl
f. r r^ fvtVa !fin'«hed with a deep ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, made of piece, 18 inches wide. Not one has been 1 1 1 !¦ 1 1\ I* Iw X l« ii"i«""i UiUlllJ1 > Frisco and will be a novelty to S^^HBa^S^^^^Kfttt^ -
;Se S^eal^^ l ?h?lo^e^!^^C 2CK? handkerchief n0w,...........;....10c . v^^.... r .:...v..... : ...... v .v......;12c Mail Orders SoHcltcck PHEL AN BUILDING., _ 0n1y ,,.... .. ;/ . .$l.OO t25 =- ¦ l£A
BALLOON DROPS
IN ON RANCHER
Great Gas Bag Journeys
Away When the
"Rope Breaks."
Thrilling Aerial Ride Looked
Upon as Advertising
Scheme.
The spectacle of a monster "captive"
balloon hovering over the city yesterday
afternoon attracted the attention of thou
sands of persons. The aerial traveler was
one that had been placed on exhibition
earlier in the day in a lot at Eleventh
and Market streets.
Shortly after 4 p. m. the balloon was
seen to soar into the air and travel rap
idly toward the south. The news was
spread all over the city that the balloon
had broken away from its fastenings and
that a number of men and women were
in the car and were likely to meet with
death.
Investigation, however, showed that the
balloon was in charge of an aeronaut, and
the seven men and one woman with him
were in no danger.
An advertising man, a gymnast and the
wife of a friend of the owner of the bal
loon were among those who took a jour
ney through the air, and it was stated
around the lot whenoe, the ascension
had been made that the convenient break
ing of a rope had set the captive free for
advertising purposes.
The owner of the balloon and his associ
ates were not at all concerned as to "the
safety of their property, and assured all
who made Inquiries that a descent would
be made without accident.
Last night the balloon and Its human
freight descended in safety at Wurr Mill
on the ranch of Beatty Thompson, situ
ated a few miles west of La Honda.
Thompson saw the aerial traveler circling
around, and when it came to a clearing
he caught the dangling rope and fastened
it to a tree. The aeronaut then let out
the gas and the passengers were soon on
terra firma. Thompson and his wife took
good care of the passengers and housed
them for the nieht.
Those who took the unlooked for aerial
journey were: Al Dodge, J. F. Leonard,
Q. Videdog, Ed Foster Jr., M. L. Ha
worth, Ed Dudley, Mrs. Clara Gonzales,
John M. Swift and Walter Leon.
LA ESTB.ELLA PARLOR
HAS HALLOWEEN PARTY
Young People Seek Information as to
What Is in Store for
Them.
Last Friday night La Estrella Parlor
No. 89, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, gave a Halloween partjj in the ban*
quet hall of the Native Sons' building.
The hall was crowded. All were pleas
antly entertained with a programme of
games appropriate to the time of the year,
which popular imagination has stamped
with a peculiar character because of the
belief that supernatural influences prevail,
and that by going through certain forms
and ceremonies those who go through
them may be made aware of what is in
store for them in the future.
The hall was given a weird appearance
by a liberal distribution of pumpkin lan
terns, but these did not strike terror into
the hearts of onlookers, many of whom
before the end of the party, to use an ex
pression of the street, "took a fall" out of
the grinning lanterns. By means of ap
ples, nuts and luggies many of the young
folks learned whether they would remain
single or get married, and the "witch of
the cavern" told many of what there is in
store for them.
An Interesting feature of the evening
was a ghost dance by twelve members of
the parlor. At the termination of this
dance the orchestra played for those who
wished to dance on till the early hours of
morn.
Tribute From Veterans.
At the last regular meeting of the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home
of California the following was adopted
and a copy ordered sent to the widow of
the late President McKlnley:
Whereas, With inexpressible grief and hor
rer we learn of the untimely death of the
beloved President of the United States.
Resolved. That In the death of William Mc-
Kinley the nation has lost a good and upright
ruler, the veterans of three wars a devoted
friend and comrade, the citizens of the re
public an exaßed example of honesty in public
and purity in private life, and all mankind
a notable exemplar of the noble virtues of
patriotism, fidelity to principle and devotion
to duty.
President McKinley died as he lived, h!s
heart overflowing with love for his fellow
men. His moet enduring monument will be
in the hearts of his counrtymen.
To his loving wife, whom he cared for so
tenderly for thirty years, the survivors of the
Mexican, civil and Spanish wars In the Vet
erans' Home of California, representing forty
four States and Territories of the Union, ten
der their heartfelt sympathy. The memory of
his noble life and character will ever be an
inspiration to a loftier patriotism and a bet
ter citizenship to the rising generation of
Americans and to millions yet unborn.
In the shadow of this Treat national calam
ity, the soldiers of the republic, his comrades
In arms, renew their pledges of fidelity to the
country and its President, and eternal enmity
to their enemies and assassins.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
MANY TRACTION PLANS SUGGESTED
FOR THE PORTABLE SCHOOLHOUSE
Scheme of the Board of Education to Relieve Congested Attendance of
Pupils Will Work a Revolution in the Department, but Difficulties May
Be Encountered When the Building Is Sent Out to Hilly Districts
HELLO! Central! Give me Main
70. Hello! la that the Board of
Education?"
"Yes, this Is the Board of Ed
ucation."
"Well, this is Telegraph Hill. Will you
kindly send up the portable schoolhouse
Immediately? There are 115 pupils here
who are unable to get in the surrounding
schools. You'd better hitch up a couple
of extra horses to the house, as the hills
are steep hereabout. And say, I have
Just learned that the Fairmount Primary
cannot accommodate 68 pupils, and it is
necessary to send a school out in that
section. You might hitch an automobile
to it, as all the king's horses could not
drag It up the steepjjills in that vicinity."
The foregoing is a sample of the tele
phone messages which will drive Secre
tary Hansen to an early grave as soon as
the Board of Education carries out its
contemplated scheme to build a portable
school in order to relieve the congested
attendance throughout the city. At the
last meeting of the board Madame Pres
ident Kincaid outlined what she termed
as her pet scheme to put an end to the
oft-repeated charges that the schools aro
overcrowded. She explained that the plan
Is working well in Boston and would be
Introduced here.
Carries Only Pullman Cars.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 2.— To-morrow the
Union Pacific will abandon the day
coaches and tourist sleepers heretofore
carried on its overland limited between
San Francisco and Chicago and in the
future the trains will be made up entirely
of Pullman cars. The train will . be put
on a parity with the Pennsylvania limited
and Empire State express and will carry
only first-class passengers, provided with
sleeping car tickets. The train will make
fewer stops than heretofore and the run
ning time between Chicago and San Fran
cisco will be reduced by several hours.
»
It Is expected that the project will
work a revolution in the administration
of school affairs. In the first place. Di
rector Mark believes that It is cheaper
to move than to pay rent, and says the
portable school will put an end to the ex
penditure of several thousand dollars
yearly for rental of outside rooms. It is
not known whether the- structure will be
propelled by horse power, automobile or
traction engine, but it is quite likely that
Casserly will insist that it be hauled to
its destination by polo ponies, driven tan
dem, with the altitudinous Director him
self at the reins. Great care would have
to be exercised to prevent the animals
running away while school was in ses
sion, as the spilling of the pupils promis
cuously along the road might prove dis
astrous.
Funeral of James Stanton.
The funeral of the late James Stanton,
a pioneer of this State, took place early,
yesterday morning from his late residence,
IS3S Mission street. Only the immediate
relatives of the deceased attended, it
being his express wish "that no display
should be made. A requiem mass will be
celebrated on Tuesday morning at St.
Ignatius Church, where his many friends
will have an opportunity of paying a
tribute to his memory.
WHAT THE LONG SUFFERING PARENTS OF. SAN FRANCISCO MAY EX
PECT TO SEE WHEN THE LATEST SCHEME TO OCCUPY THE SE
RIOUS ATTENTION OF BOARD OF EDUCATION IS INAUGURATED.
CAtRNEGIE NOT IN FAVOR
OF THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
He Does Not .Believe That It Can
Be Built or Profitably
Worked.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Mr. . and Mrs
Andrew Carnegie were passengers upon
the St. Louis, which reached her dock late
this afternoon. Carnegie refused to dis
cuss New York politics, saying he was no
partisan. He was questioned with regard
to the proposed technical school at Pitts
burg and said he had received a report
upon the subject, and when asked if it
was true that the committee had asked
for $5,000,000 his reply was:
"The committee is incapable of asking
for money. The report was truly Ameri
can and worthy of Pittsßurg."
Questioned concerning the steel situa
tion Mr. Carnegie laughed, saying: 'I
am out of business; I have reformed."
Then he added: "I have heard something
of the forming of an English steel trust.
The English are not inclined to combine.
It has been said that every Englishman
is an island by himself."
"Have you any views upon the subject
of the Isthmian canal?" was the next
question put to him.
"I do not believe in the canal at all. I
do not believe a canal will render the
service for the transportation of goods
that a first-class two-track rairoad would
do. Freight could be unloaded into fifty
FIRM SADLY WAITS
FOR MISSING COLLECTOR
Young Employe Accused of Having
Decamped With a Considerable
Amount of Coin.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— F. McKeand. an
employe of the firm of Stull & Sonniksen,
has decamped with $150 of the firm's
funds. In July last McKcand was arrested
for stealing a bicycle. He confessed the
theft, but pleaded destitution in mitiga
tion. J. L. Stull became interested in his
case and secured suspension of sentence,
after which he gave McKeand employ
ment in his store, gradually promoting
him until he was made collector. He was
at first given only small bills, but on Fri
day was given several large ones and has
not since been located. He Is but 18 years
old and is of a good family residing in
Chicago.
ton cars and unloaded upon the other side
at far less cost than running even 10,000
ton ships, even if you had to pay no tolls."
"Would you therefore favor a Tehuan
tepec ship railroad, such as has been pro
posed?"
"They are building a railroad there now,
but not of that kind. Ido not believe that
the Nicaragua canal can be built. I do
not belijve that that canal can be worked,
even if it is built. The Panama canal can
be made workable. There is more senti
ment behind the canal than good sense."
CLOSING NIGHT
OF EXPOSITION
Buglers Sound Taps as
the Lights Are Shut
Off for Good.
Stockholders Suffer a Loss
of Several Million
Dollars.
BUFFALO. N. V.. Nov. 2.— The •Pan-
American Exposition ended at 12 o'clock
to-nlght. At midnight President John G.
Milburn pressed an electric button and
the lights in the famous electric tower
grew dim for the last time. Slowly one
by one the lights on post and pinnacle and
tower faded away. A corps of buglers
standing in the tower sounded "taps" as
one of the greatest glories of the exposi
tion, the electrical illumination, passed
away, and the exposition was ended.
The exhibition has not been a financial
success, but the benefits derived from it
will be of great value to the commercial
Interests of the country. The primary ob
ject of the exposition was to advance the
friendly relations and commercial inter
course between the United States and the
other countries of the two Americas. In
this respect it has been a decided suc
cess.
The financial loss will be In the neigh
borhood of $3,000,000. The statement to be
Issued by the officers of the exposition
setting forth the expenditures and re
ceipts will be made public some time this
month. Until then the company will make
no formal statement. The loss will fall
upon the holders of the common stock,
the holders of second-mortgage bonds and
the contractors who erected the buildings.
Two hundred and ten thousand shares of
common stock were sold at $10 a share.
The stock was subscribed for by the cit
izens of Buffalo and the Niagara frontier
in small lots of from one share to 100, so
that the loss will not be severely felt by
any one.
Stockholders Make No Complaint.
No complaint has been heard from the
holders of common, who appreciate the
benefit the exposition has been to the
city. There is also a feeling of satisfac
tion that the enterprise was carried to
a successful end without State or Federal
aid. The first-moptgage bonds, amounting
to $2,600,000, will be paid in full. An Issue
of $500,000 second-mortgage bonds is un
provided for, but the revenue from salv
age and buildings and from other sources
will probably cover a part of this Indebt
edness. The remainder due to contractors
is not definitely known, but it is said that
It represents their profits for the work
done, and no one will be severely embar
rassed by the loss.
An average of 2,000,000 admissions a
month had been figured on by the exposi
tion officials. The great snowstorm of
last April was a severe blow to the expo
sition. An immense r mount of work was
undone and work on the grounds and
buildings was oelayed for a week. Stren
uous efforts were made to make up the
lost time, but on May 1 a vast amount of
work remained undone, and the formal
opening of the exposition was postponel
until May 20. The lamentable tragedy in
the Temple of Music was another blow
to the Pan-American. The attendance
had been increasing steadily up to the
date of the assassination of President Mc-
Klnley. The gates were closed for two
days, and when they reopened there was
a drop of 18 per cent in the attendance,
and no Improvement followed.
Petty Thieving of Exhibits.
Tife Government exhibit, which is a
beautiful and :nstructive collection, will
be at once shipped to Charleston.
A large crowd attended the exposition
to-day. The exhibit buildings were
jammed during the afternoon and there
Vas much petty thieving of exhibits by
souvenir fiends.
The fruit and wine exhibits in the Horti
cultural building suffered the greatest
loss from the depredations of the crowd,
and it finally became necessary to turn
the people out of the building and lock the
doors.
There was a veritable riot on the mid
way this afternoon. The disorder started
from a quarrel between an Intoxicated
man and a waiter. The crowd took the
part of the stranger and wrecked the
place, smashing chairs, tables and win
dows. A stream of water from a fire hose
finally put the mob to rout.
The total admissions to-day were 129,233.
and for six months 8,295.073.
FISHING-BOATS WRECKED
AND MANY LIVES LOST
LONDON, Nov. 2.— lt Is announced in a
dispatch to a news agency from St. Pe
tersburg that scores of fishing boats were
wrecked and that 170 men were drowned
during a recent storm on Lake Baikal.
Miners Crowd Rich Territory.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 2. -A special
from Ashcroft, B. C. says:
The new strike of gold on Eureka Creek,
in tbe Horse Fly district of Cariboo, still
continues to attract general attention.
While there has been the usual amount of
exaggeration concerning the richness of
the claims there can be no doubt what
ever that the property is extremely rich
but everything in sight has already been
staked.
ADVERTISE JCENTS.
COUGHS
L^ THAT
¦j&§?M^uWm LEAD
~ ! to
CONSUMPTION .
CURED IN THREE DAYS BY THE
i I .NEW GERMICIDE. ~ --\ ¦•;
BROOKLYN, N. T., July 11. '99.
The R. T. Booth Ox
Dear Sirs— Three years ago I began cough-
ing night and day. As some of my mother's
family had died from consumption, my friends
kept urging me to go -to the doctor, which I
did. After suffering for two years without re- j
lief I began using Hyomel. It cured my cough
In a short time and it has not returned. I do
wish that all who suffer from throat and l«ng '.
troubles could know of it. Tours truly.
LILLIAN M. DARLING.
Coughs, Catarrh, Bronchitis and Con-
su/nption cannot exist tor any length of
time when HYOMEI is used daily. It
destroys at once the germs which cause
the disease and which cannot be reached
by stomach medicines. ¦-..
HYOMEI is sold by > all drug-
gists or sent by mail for the following
prices: Hyomei Outfits complete $1.00.
Trial Outfits 25c. HYOMEI Balm 25c.
Send for a free sample and our book on
respiratory diseases. It may save your
life. :
The R. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
BAN BEiMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale in this
mine at
SOo PER SHARE.
Price will be advanced on November
15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which
will immediately enhance the value
Vast quantities of ore ard developed
with a shaft 260 feet deep ajnd 1000 feet
of tunnels. We own 720 acres of land
with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock in the
Silver Creek Quicksilver advanced from
ioc to $3 per share and is all sold and
issued and will pay a dividend in a short
time. H. R: BRADFORD,
President and General Manager.
7 North Market st., San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch
Office. 413 KEARNY STREET, San
Francisco. F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
ftjSftJfrfjfeE?
Tumors and Wens treated in from one
to three minutes by the hypodermic
needle and permanently cured. We are
the only doctors treating cancer who
positively do not use the knife. Let
us prove it. It will pay you to investi-
gate. We can cure you for less money
than any doctors on earth.
DRS. J. L BOHANNON &
ADDIE EPPS,
Office and Sanitarium 12 TURK ST., San
Francisco, Cal.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
# 'CM 1051 MABHT ST. trt. gtt*7tti, S.T.CaI.'
\ ' Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
m World. Weaknesses or any contracted
V ESI *sea« p«Bltl»«lj e «r»d by the oldest
0 IgSI Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 years.. - 1
i fl«^| DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ ffi^KOß Consultation free and strictly private.
4 1 Isv R Trsarment personally or by letter. A
\ I m CI U Potitivt Curs in every case undertaken.
aril lift rite for Book. PBILOSUPHYW
»" II 11 ' ¦aHMCC, MAILED FR*E. ( A
i & (t valuable book for mm)
f 08. JOED AX A CO.. 1051 MarketSk.S. F.
Federal Officer Causes Arrest.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Perclval Baker
was arrested to-day charged with imper
sonating a United States officer. Two
years ago Baker was a stenographer in
the office of J. P. Jackson, United States
Collector at San Francisco. The com
plaint was sworn out against Baker b.-
Chinese Inspector J. D. Putnam, and al
leges that Baker, representing himself a-*
a Government official, invaded the store
of Wong Sam Ying. a leading Chinese
merchant. The complaint states that
Baker forced Gee Su. Ying's wife, to alt
for an X-ray picture of her tightly-bound
foot. Baker denies the charge.
3132
It's a Smart Garment ||| j^pll|^^^^j^
The "Stroller/ just as you see it pictured in the ||g| . if^^'^^-^^SHHftHHi^^l "
smart shade of olive; you know that's the real «sss \fi^^'^^^?^f^l laHfliiwi^ilS^ftm '
shade, and some very pretty mixtures, which are jfe^ \#&£ffi*osffil&
also very fashionable. The air of smartness is im- ||jj|s 4 r^4^'''^^^^^sSi^^^^S^H^m -
parted to this coat by the way it hangs at the . mffl ' F!&s/- : ££^i^^
The "Stroller" has that broad shoulder effect || i^jMooimk P^SS^ffl^
which permits the coat to drape from your shoul- |$»; I lf^/M4}i'/P^ W<'^-' '¦') >•' f^'^^^B^SS
ders with ease, grace and elegance. m- \lf^oMt%o^^^s^(4t^^mW^m
The "Stroller" is a special feature with us v\ \kM-'¥js& fs§jso&s-^ mtfSm
this season in our overcoat department at I N''^/^ wi
shades and equal in every respect to any coat in / I rfjL jjlm ll^rv^f^B
San Francisco that's being offered to you at $20. / \ vuF'i^l' J^-m/I
LADIES OF BED CROSS
REPUDIATE DR. FAKTELLO
He Is Said to Be Representing Him
self in the Interior as Its
Agtnt.
A man giving his name and title as "Dr.
Samuel Sidney Partello. chief surgeon
National Red Cross Society," is touring
the interior of the State in the interest of
the Richard Wagner Company. Word
comes from Dixon, where the "doctor"
has made arrangements to give a concert,
that it ie promised that a certain portion
of the proceeds are to be devoted
to the interests of the Red Cross Society.
Ladies connected with the work of that
society in this city emphatically deny
that He has any connection with that or
ganization.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
Btate body, said last night:
"As president of the California State
Red Cross Society and as one of the direc
tors of the national organization I should
certainly be advised of the presence of
ft U If the second week of the Felts' shoe sale %\
[' n commencing to-morrow is as successful as the 1* ~\
Lff fi rst> tne stoc k can't last scarcely any time at all. ll I
h Every day the store was crowded — sixteen 11 I
salesmen were kept as busy as they could be,
t3 waiting upon the hundreds of ladies who were
anxious to get an $8 or $10 shoe for $4. It is || j
no wonder though that the sale is so lively,when 1 1
you stop to consider that Felts' shoes are the il
finest stock of ladies' footwear in San Fran-
cisco — every shoe is stylish, fashionable, thor-
oughly up-to date and the best that can be made :lj
for the price asked. Kfl
Most of the shoes Felts sold regularly for itsj
$6, $7, $8 and $10 — any pair of these shoes now ftM
The other shoes, including the $4 and $5 B.fl)
values, are going at $3.50. . ff.fl
You know what these values mean — practi- X.M
cally t wo pairs of elegant shoes for the price of
The sale is being held by the Walk-over f"1
Shoe Store, who bought out Felts in order to ¥.&
put in an entire new line of walk-over shoes for I'-fl
11 1 Walk-over Shoe Store I
Successor to Felts
1|924-926MarketSt. L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
any person on this coast authorized to
give entertainments and collect money for
the benefit of any of the branches of the
Red Cross Society. I had a letter a day
or two ago from Mrs. E. S. Mussey, secre
tary of the national organization, and she
did not intimate that there was any ne
cessity for the collection of money. While
the work of the Red Cross is still going
on, there is no occasion for anybody to
make extraordinary appeals for funds."
Local officers do not know anything
about "Dr. Samuel Sidney Partello." He
may have at one time been connected with
the R*d Cross Society, but nobobdy here
knows anything about him. While the
ladies were guarded in their utterances,
they denied all knowledge of the man's
connection with the organization.
Streetcars Collide.
An Ellis street car collided at the cor
ner of Fourth street yesterday with a
Mission street car, and, although no seri
ous damage was done, traffic was inter
rupted for an hour or two. Each car had
about twenty passengers aboard. A few
suffered slight injuries.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
PATRICK BARRY
IS EXONERATED
Testimony That Walter
Gilbert Was the
Aggressor.
A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that
Walter Gilbert, who died in the Central
Emergency Hospital last Thursday of 1
fracture of the skull, came to his death
at the hands of Patrick Barry, and that
Barry's act was justifiable homicide.
Barry, the man alleged to have inflicted
the fatal blow, has charge of a grocery
and bar at 814 Howard street, with his
brother Lawrence. He told the jury that
on last Wednesday morning Gilbert came
into the store and informed him that ho
had recently arrived from the East with
a sister. He then asked Barry whether
or not there was a side entrance to tho
saloon. Gilbert returned at 1 o'clock in
the afternoon and went to the back part
of the saloon, and when he returned an. l
was making for the street with Barry's
coat on his arm Barry protested. Gilbert
resisted and the two engaged in a fisr.
fight. When they had fought their way to
the sidewalk Barry succeeded in planting
a strong right-hand blow on Gilbert's
nose. Gilbert fell on his face on the basalt
block pavement and the witness did not
molest him any further.
Lawrence Barry, brother of the accused,
testified thet he and John Rowan were
sitting in a room back of the bar" when
Gilbert and an unknown man came in.
"Which one will we lick first?" asked
the unknown jf Gilbert.
Then the stranger and Lawrence Barry
engaged in a fist fight, and Rowan went
outside to look for a policeman. What-
Pat Barry and Gilbert were doing in an
other part of the store witness could not
see. as he had his hands full with the
stranger.
The police authorities have released
Patrick Barry.
GROCER MANGELS IS
AMONG THE MISSING
Claus Mangels, head of the firm of M.
& C. Mangels, Sl9 Clay street, has been
missing from his home, 731 Cole street,
since Wednesday morning, and his rela
tives have notified the police of his disap
pearance. His disappearance was the oc
casion yesterday or a meeting of the
creditors of the firm, the affairs of which
in the absence of Mr. Mangels are some
what involved. A meeting of the credit
ors of the firm was held yesterday after
noon at the rooms of the Board of Trade.
Mangels left Ms home at the usual hour
Wednesday mo-ning and went directly to
his store. About 9 o'clock he took the
buyer's book and went out without say
ing anything to his employes. Where he
went or what he did after that time ?s
unknown.
The police have been notified of his dis
appearance and the following description
has been furnished of the missing man:
Weight about 200 pounds, height 5 feet 6
inches, wore dark business suit, black
derby hat and gold watch and chaifl.
His family consists of a wife, son and
daughter.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
P. Boland, the present Public Adminis
trator, has been an honest and trust
worthy public servant. The public will
benefit by his re-election. •
TO BE TRIED FOR MURDER.— William
Stewart, who said in court yesterday that hlr
true name was Willie Robles, was arraigned
before United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock on the charge of murdering Otto Schroeder
on board the bark California at Hakodate,
Japan. His preliminary examination was set
for the Uth inst. and he was ordered held
without bonds.
Mme. L. Pilfer, designer and maker
street and evening gowns, 8 Kearny
¦treet, up stairs. •
RICE'S MURDER
BEING PROBED
Prosecution Is Forging a
Chain Around
Buckley.
Edward Lahey, a New Wit
ness, Gives Evidence of
Importance.
The preliminary examination of William,
Buckley, Thomas Moran, Charles Don
nelly and Edward Duncan, charged with
the murder of George W. Rice at Twen
tieth and Howard streets on the evening
of October 11, was continued before Judge
Mogan yesterday afternoon. There are
eighteen more witnesses to be examined
for the prosecution and it will take a long
time yet, as every witness is subjected to
a long and severe cross-examination.
When the case was called Policeman
Brown was recalled and asked a few un
important questions. Policeman Lycette
followed him to the stand. Lycette testi
fied that he was in the buggy with Brown
when they pursued and captured Buck
ley after the shooting.
Sergeant Duke testined to taking Rice s
dying statement at the City and County
Hospital and that Rice said when Buck
ley was shown «him: "That's the man."
Lycette was also present when Assistant
Warrant and Bond Clerk Burke and De
tectives Dinan and Bailey came to the
hospital about an hour later with Buck
ley. At that time Rice said he did not
know that Buckley was the man who shot
him, and his mind was then getting
clouded. He did not remember telling
Rice before he made his ante-mortem
statement that the doctors said he was
going to die. He tnought he made the
statement to the nurses. He was sub
jected to a long cross-examination, but
his evidence in chief was not materially
shaken.
Edward Lahey, a brass molder living on
Florida street, a new witness, was then
examined. He said he got off the car at
Nineteenth street and while walking
down to Shotwell street he saw two men
running from Shotwell down Nineteenth
street. They ran to Folsom street and
one went one way and the other the other
way. One had a light hat on.
Detective Bailey testified that he and
Detective Ryan arrested Moran at his
lodging-house, 536 Third street. The ar
rest was made after Buckley had made a
statement in the City Prison that he was
not at the scene of the shooting and had
stated that Moran, Duncan and Donnelly
could prove it. Bailey's examination was
not concluded when court adjourned. The
case was continued till next "Wednesday
morning.
HOLY REDEEMER FAIR
COMES TO A CLOSE
Large Sum Realized and Will Be
Used Toward Completion of
New Church.
Out in Eureka Valley Father J. P. Mc-
Quaide has been holding a church fair in
aid of the Church of the Holy Redeemer
he is erecting for the parisioners. Last
night was practically the closing night
of the fair and a very large crowd was
present. "Bert" Mahony, Republican
candidate for County Clerk, who is a
warm friend of "Father Joe," as he is
familiarly known, was present and helped
to enliven matters in his efforts to win a
Diogenes lamp. John E. Richards, a
prominent Young Men's Institute repre
sentative, helped Mr. Mahony and his
friends to all they needed. He was in com
plete control of the wheel of fortune.
Mr. Richards makes a most clever
"spiel," but the public will not have an
o>...er opportunity to listen to his oratory
until the Miesion Dolores parish holds a
fair. More men like Mr. Richards would
help out church fairs in every way.
Eather MiQualde said last night that he
was more than pleased with the result of
the fair that was inaugurated to assist
the building fund of his new church in the
new parish in Eureka Valley.
Father McQuaide was reared and edu
cated in this city and his friends are
legion. Consequently there has been a big
i attendance throughout his fair.
On Monday and Tuesday evenings a
rummage sale will be held, which is being
conducted in the basement of the Church
of the Holy Redeemer, which is building
on Diamond street. Most valuable articles
I will' be auctioned off.
GOLDEN JUBILEE FAIR
CLOSES THIS EVENING
Programme of Vocal and Instru
mental Music and Recitations
Has Been Prepared.
The Golden Jubilee Fair, which has
proved to be one of the most successful
festivals ever held in this city, will come
to a conclusion to-night., A large crowd
visited the fair last night and it is antici
pated that a still greater crowd will be in
attendance to-night. The entire interior
of the San Francisco Turn Verein Hall
has been decorated so as to appropriately
represent picturesque scenes in Germany.
The wine garden, which has gained much
popularity, is situated upon a dais orna
mented with pictures of the blue Rhein
and other scenes from the fatherland. The
tables are attended by young ladles dress
ed in short skirts, with flowers inter
twined in their glossy tresses like the
lasses of olden times about whom the
German bards loved to sing.
The end of the festival to-night will be
marked by a fitting programme under the
auspices of the San Francisco Turn Ve
rein. It will consist of vocal and instru
mental music ahd recitations.
Personal Mention.
A. C l Clarke of Patton is at the Lick.
Lewis T. Wright, a mining man of Kes
wiok. is at the Palace.
Judge Solon Hall of Sacramento Is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Colonel D. B. Fairbank, a banker of
Petaluma, registered at the Lick yester
day.
George P. Godsy, Japanese representa
tive of an American tobacco firm, is at the
Lick.
A. B. Timmon, a prominent attorney of
Santa Rosa, registered at the Grand yes
terday.
T. A. Work, a prominent merchant of
Pacific Grove, registered at the Grand
yesterday.
Ex-Governor George W. Baxter arrived
from Monterey yesterday and is staying
at the Palace.
Hervey Lindley, the well-known lumber
merchant of Klamathon, registered at the
Palace yesterday.
W. B. Cross, a sporting writer of the
New York Telegraph and the Gazette of
Chicago, is staying at the Grand.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day:
From San Francisco— W. P. Morgan, at
the Murray Hill; Colonel W. J. Cotton, at
the Majesty : Mrs. R. J. Gillette, at the
Belvidere; M. J. King, at the Westmin
ster; Mrs. J. C. Mac Donald, at the St.
George, and R. H. McNee and wife, at
the St. Denis.
From San Jose— Misses Kirk, at the Vic
toria.
From Los Angeles— R. L. Holmes and
wife and Miss A. R. Lawrence, at the
Kensington.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
PART I.
Overture. "Guarany" Gomez
' "Spanish Fandango Reeves
"Excelsior Ballet Marenco
Moroeau-Badinage ¦ Herbert
Selection. "Bohemian Girl" Balfe
PART 11.
"Coronation March" Eilenberg
Flute solo Selected
A. Lombardo.
Themes from "Pagliacci" Leoncavallo
Waltz, "Jolly Fellows" Volstedt
"American Patrol" , Meacham
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. «
DUBOSE REFUSES
TO MAKE ANSWER
Becomes Irritated at
Pillsbury's Many
Questions.
Word Comes That Stevens
and Wheeler Are
Displaced.
A slow, weary morning was passed in
Commissioner Heacock's room yesterday
morning during the examination of wit
nesses in the Nome contempt cases. Dud
ley Dubose took the stand at the opening
of the proceedings for the conclusion of
the cross-examinatton and the re-direct
examination. He was followed by C. A.
S. Frost, who was taken in hand by tho
amicus curiae until the examination ad
journed.
Nothing of a startling or important na
ture developed during the day. Duboje
was questioned on such matters as sug
gested a possible discrepancy between his
testimony and that of W. H. Hume. Frost
was cross-examined on his connection
with the Department of Justice at Wash
ington. Each uay the witness is becom
ing more and more testy, and yesterday
he and E. S. Pillsbury, amicus curiae.
had a merry tilt, which ended by the wit
ness accusing Mr. Pillsbury of imper
tinence and refusing to answer the ques
tions.
Of more imDortance than yesterday's
proceedings is the advice received from
Nome of the displacement of R. N. Ste
vens as Commissioner and Recorder and
"F. K. Wheeler as Commissioner of Norn«
precinct. Judge Wlckersham sets forth
in . an order that Stevens and Wheeler
shall make returns and file their final ac
counts with the United States district
clerk within five days from the serving of
the order of the court. The offices are
also proclaimed not to be dual, and Judge
Thomas M. Reed is appointed to fill the
various duties performed by Stevens and
Wheeler. The Judge's opinion shows that
Stevens was more than the pooh-bah of
Nome. In him four distinct offices lodge.!
and his salary was commensurate with
the general undertaking.
SAN FRANCISCO ELKS
HAVE A LADIES' NIGHT
A Large Number of the City's Fairest
Women Most Hospitably
Entertained.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, on last
Friday night added another to its vic
tories in the entertaining line. It gave a
ladies' night at headquarters on Sutter
street and Grant avenue, under the su
pervision of the ways and means com
mittee, of which J. N. O'Dell is chair
man. Arrangements having been made to
entertain about 800 people who w«re so
fortunate as to receive invitations, it was
found that the lodgeroom was not of
sufficient capacity to admit all, so if was
agreed that the entertainment should be
given in Sherman-Clay Hall, in the same
building, and the luncheon served in the
lodgeroom. The American flag and fes
toons of green, were prominent in the
decorations.
The programme of entertainment was
made up of music, songs and specialties
by professional talent, with a few am
ateur numbers to fill in while profes
sionals were on their way from the
theaters. Among those who contributed
to the oleasure of the assembled many
were Robert Lloyd, Miss O'Brien, Charles
and Mrs. Reynolds. Andy Dadau, Harris
and Wether from the Orpheum. John Gei
ger, Grazer and Trelease, and many
others, who kept the boards until after
midnight.
Luncheon consisted of sandwiches,
toothsome salads, excellent coffee, cakes
in variety and ice cream bricks, all served
by experienced waiters. The officers of
the lodge were unsparing in their attent
ion to the guests and by so doing created
an impression upon those who never be
fore had attended a ladies' night by the
lodge of the "best people on earth."
Books for Manila.
During the past month many valuable
acquisitions have been made to the Amer
ican library ( for Manila, which is being
conducted by the Red Cross societies. In
the month thirty-three bound books, nine
ty-two paper books, 2338 magazines and
3443 papers have been received. Eighteen
boxes of literature have been shipped to
the library at Manila, Manila Hospital
Aid, Iloilo, Guam, Santa Loraas, Bongoa,
Santa Cruz, San Quentin, Bacalod, Min
danao, Corregidor, Jolo and Aparri.
Pathetic Scene in Court.
The case of Mrs. Mary Davies and Gus
Naher of Fresno, charged with perform
ing a criminal operation upon Beuiah N.
Sigsmund, a niece of Naher's wife, was
continued before Judge Mogan yesterday.
After the girl had given her testimony
her aged grandmother, who was in court,
held out her arms toward her and the
young girl was soon weeping hysterically
on the old lady's shoulder. The case will
be continued next week.
¦ m ¦
Divorce Suits Filed.
Divorce suits were filed yesterday by
Jeannette L. Johnston against Thomas W
Johnston for cruelty and Agnes D. Sea
man against George B. Seaman for will
ful neglect.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Additional Honors From
U. S. ARMY HOSPITAL
3>B. W. G. RAITDOLPH
Highly recommended Mayerle' s glasses and
sends the following testimonial: Mr. Georga
Mayerle, 1071% Market street— S!r: I wish to
thank you for .the excellent glasses received to-
day. I may say that they are practically per-
fect. Tours truly, W. G. RANDOLPH, U. S.
Army Hospital.
MAYERLfS Glasses Strengthen the Eye
nd Brain
And are FAR SUPERIOR to all others for
reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight.
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
ing spots, pains about the eyes, behind the head
or In temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharg-
ing eyes, feeling like sand in the eyes, cross
eyes, burning, smarting, Itching, scratching,
twitching, gluey or discharging eyes, heavy
eyelids, etc. Neglected eyesight affects the
brain.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
Cerman Expert Optician.
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE,
Also graduate AMERICAN OPTICAL, COLr-
LEGE. (Charter Member American Association
of Opticians.)
1071 1-2 Market Street
(Nearly opposite Hibernla Bank), San Fran-
cisco.
Persons ordering glasses by mail should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both; and what price.
Consultation. Examination and Advfce Free.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
German Eyewater £Oc.
Cut This Out.
SILKS,
VELVETEENS
AND
BLACK GOODS:
We will show this week an elegant duality of
23-INCH SATIN FINISH CREPE DE CHINE,
latest material In silk for dresses, in the
following shades Reseda, Old Rose, Tur-
auoise, Pink, Pearl Grau, Ciel, Beige, Nile,
White, Cream and Black.
Price $1.00 Yard.
A new shipment of GENUINE ENGLISH VEL-
VETEEN, Fast Due." This material is 23
inches wide and is in great demand for ladies
costumes. We have a complete range of all
the latest Fall shades.
Price 75c Yard.
Special opening this week of NOVELTY
BLACK FABRICS, in Figured Silk and Wool
Samite Cloth, Figured Black Mousseline Gren-
adines, Silk Striped and Figured Canvas
Cloths, Silk Crepa de Paris and Silk Crepe
Armures; also splendid values in Serges,
Cheviots, Wool Poplins, Prunellas, Broad- .
cloths and Venetians.
Samples of Above Goods Forwarded to
Any Address.
GfZfrtncW
m. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. §
A CANDIDATE
INDORSED.
WE, THE UNDERSIGNED ATTOR-
neys, practicing at the San Francisco bar,
cheerfully recommend Hon. Arthur G.
Fisk, Republican candidate for District
Attorney, for the consideration and sup-
port of our fellow citizens. . Mr. Fisk is
known to us as a capable lawyer, well
qualified to discharge with credit to him-
self and the community at large the
duties of the high and Important office for
which he has been nominated by the Re-
publican Municipal Convention. Irrespec-
tive of partisan politics or party affilia-
tions, we take pleasure in saying that in
our or>inlon, if elected, he will make an
able, painstaking and acceptable District
Attorney, his course as chairman of tho
Committee on Ways and Means at tho
late legislative session having stamped
him as a man of courage, conviction and
fearless integrity. (Signed),
W. H. L. Barnes, Earl H. Webb,
Thos. B. Bishop, Andrew Thorne,
R. H. Lloyd, H. A. Powell,
A. G. Booth, J. W. Dorsey.
A. Kuef, Walter S. Brann,
Sam'l M. Shortridge, William H. Cobb,
Sheldon Q. Kellogg. B. G. Somers
H. G. W. Dlnkelspie:, Brooks Palmer.
W. H. H. Hart. C. H. Ostman,
Louis P. Boardman. H. O. Beatty,
John R, Altken, S. S. Sanborn,
Deal, Tauszky & Wells, R. H. Morrow,
W. H. Chlckertng, Davis & Nathan,
Warren Gregory, John A. Percy,
Mark L. Gerstle, Ralph L. Hathorn,
W. C. Van Fleet. Maurice L. Asher,
Charles L. Patton, Frank D. Strlngham.
George H. Bahrs, Hull McClaughry,
D. J. Murphy. Wllber G. Zelgler,
E. J. Banning, E. Myron Wolf.
Marshall B. Wood- J. J. Van Nostrand,
worth, Isidore Golden
P. A. Bergerot, Carlton W. Green*,
Geo. D. Squires, Bruce Cornwall,
L. L. Solomons, Allen L. Chickering.
Geo. H. Pippy, George H. Whlppl*.
Pringle & Pringle. Clay P. Gooding,
Stanley Jackson. William H. Jordan.
M. H. Waacerwltz,
WE OWN OUR BUILDING— WE PAY NO RENT.
|§| j^ifeAf^tim^ii^ Iwo Acres
of
f^l J^ 1V JP?1I Filled with first-class Fur-
R^U!@[t^^^F^vlSSi niture and Carpets and all
PS^iM^^^lr^yX^y at the very lowest figures.
jyUjjjjill^^ p^pMMill We furnish your house com-
• jT^fcSssi li£^O 1 plete — everything you can
I jirT Srt^fl ' " possibly need or want in the
No Interest to Pay, but 5 Per Cent Off for Cash
We don't charge you any interest; we give you a discount. You
don't have to borrow money to buy of vs — you are welcome to buy
on credit and pay a little at a time, and we give you everything
from the finest Parlor Suits to a Kitchf n Range. Our Carpets,
Linoleums, Mattings and Rugs are the newest designs. I
Free delivery to A!ameda, Oakland and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., I ho.
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
Close «very night, except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at « o'clock sharp. .
i —^— — —^mn q, —^ — — w^mm* —
Weekly Callr $1.00 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental
Rug
Sale ...
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 % Discount
from j regular prices.
Chas, M. Plum & Co.
1301-1317 MARKET ST.
STERLING DENTAL CO.
HIGH CUSS DENTISTRY.
fcJU^BP^ggi Painless Extraction.
B : %^H Crown and Bridge Work-
Hi /l a| Plates With Our
WE /4 Hi ariitLino
VACUUM
CHAMBER
Apj Guaranteed a Perfect Fit.
97 Market, Corner Sixth,
QI mamei, Over Millinery fctoi-e.
NOTICE TO IDE PUBLIC
The GILROY HOT SPRINGS
WILL CLOSE
for th* Mason November Bth to allow for re-
pairs. Will remain closed until further notice*
R. ROBERTSON.Pages 33 to 44
HAGERDON, WITH VITTATOE UP, CAPTURES THE OPENING HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
FROM A STRONG FIELD, FURNISHING A MILD SURPRISE, LEADING ALL THE WAY
JAVONIUS, THE ACTUAL CHOICE,
DISAPPOINTS HIS FRIENDS BY
FINISHING BACK IN THE RUCK
Magnificent Weather and a Splendid Programme
of Events Attract a Large Attendance— First
Choices Play in Hard Luck, But One Winning
IT seemed almost like the same o!-j
hustling, bustling first day crowd at
Oakland track yesterday afternoon.
To be sure, some few or this side 01
the bay demurred at the new toll of
per head, notwithstanding which
nearly 4(XK> people took advantage of the
delightful weather and attended the open-
Ing of the racing season under the aus
pices of the New California Jockey Club.
The fair sex was well represented In the
•stand as usual, and things about the
clubhouse assumed once more their gala
appearance. Election matters kept many
away, and it is a Burlingame polo pony
to a Telegraph Hill billygoat that those
¦who are objecting to the raise in admis
sion ice will be in line next week. .
The track had been specially prepared
for the # occasion, and while no records
•were demolished fast time was the rule.
Thirteen regular books, two field book*
and a. combination book laid odds, and
while none of ihe big bettors appeared to
have unpacked their baggage there was
no complaint about business being dull.
The fields weie all large, and lavorltes
had a hard row to hoe all through the
fusillading. Homestead, the two-year-old
from Green Morris stable, alone upheld
the reputation of the choices.
No one particular feature of the sport
was more thoioughly enjoyed than the
starting of "Jake" Holtman, which was
performed witnout the recall flag- For
his oftort in tront of the stand in dis
patching the eleven starters in the Open
ing Handicap almost noses apart he was
warmly applauded by the big throng
present.
This was the stellar fixture of the pro
grairme and went to Hagerdon, a 6 to 1
d chance, ridden by Harry Vittatoe, carry
" :r.g 306 pounds. Trainer Cameron made
no make when he told his friends th«
big horse was nt, for he was never head
ed ar.d won almost easily in 1:40^. Obia,
lrom P. Ryan's stable, finished second at
odds of 12 to 1, a neck before Rosormondo.
Favoaius and Bangor. from the Burns &
rhous* stable, coupled in the bet
ting, ruled favorites. The former horse
did not warm up in a way to inspire much
confidence, while Bangor seems about as
roguinh as . -er. Rio Shannon was
jostled at the first turn and Fauntleroy
v if- thrown, escaping, however, without
Much information was distributed as to
the probable winner of the Inaugural
dash, at five and a half furlongs. Joe
Frey. with Johnny Woods up, finally
closed favorite. The Schorr entry found
the distance a bit short, being led out a
reck by Doublet, an 8 to 1 shot, piloted by
Hoar.
Pan;imint for some ¦ reason was touted
to take the six-furlong run. which fol
lowed, but the Burns & Waterhouse horse
failed to come through, played to 2 to 1
favoritism. Vartine caught Bonitary, a
1(0 to 1 chance, in the stretch, and down
at the stand beat Nellie Forest with ease.
Mike Htrauss. a short-priced one, bled and
was pulled up.
Green Morris scored his first win with
Homestead in the sprint for two-year
«lds over the Futurity course. The Can
dlemas colt had the odds forced down to
2 to 5, and in a drive Woods landed him a
neck Ahead of Magi at the wire. Hoar
rode the latter filly and both boys in
dulged In some rough riding.
Quoted &t S ax.d 6. Frank Doss 1 ImDromp
. ¦'¦ r .-.' ¦¦ - — ,-"' " ; " -¦' - ' . ,- - ¦ ..-.-¦ ¦** i •'.• * ¦.' .• ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ . ¦ .¦'.'¦'*¦ ¦- •>*•.*¦> . Z> '* .¦¦ '" ¦*- 5 . i" ¦ t ¦ - !'. • .-* ''. *¦ --¦ 'i ¦.n
tu scored a clean-cut win in the seven
furlong selling affair, for which twelve
faced the webbing. Well handled by Birk
enruth the colt collared Gusto in the
straightaway, winning with something to
spare. Eonic. the 8 to 5 favorite, had he%
hands full downing Mike Rice for shov
honors.
Decoy, from the stable* of George Miller
won the closing mile and a sixteenth
number at odds of S and 10 to 1. In front
from the start, the gelding stood a drive,
finishing two lengths in front of the fa
vorite, Bonnie I issak.
Track Notes.
Eddie Conroy has charge of the field
books for the association.
Following were the firms laying odds:
Andrews & Co., H. L. Jones & Co., Wheel
er Club, Caesar Young, Xlarlan & Co.,
Eagle Club, Schley Club, Melbourne
Club, Golden Gate Club, Dolan & Co., Joe
Rose, Berkeley Club and Stuyvesant Club.
The winter stakes of the New California
Jockey Club close to-morrow.
Sixteen superb yearlings from Prince
Poniatowski s Burlingame stock farm
will be sold at the Occidental Horse Ex
change to-morrow night. They are the
get of Sam Lucas and Magnet and are
said to be an exceptionally fine lot.
The Dally Racing News and Sporting
Chronicle, published by Egbert & Skinner,
made its reappearance with the opening
of the season. It has been enlarged and
is now one of the newsiest of turf jour
nals.
It was announced yesterday that the
New California Jockey Club would assume
the conditions and liabilities of the West
ern Produce stake. This was one of the
fixtures of the now defunct Tanforan As
sociation.
Troxler, a very fair rider, will be here
in a few days.
Joseph A. Murphy and C. H. Pettingill
presided in the stand. E. C. Hopper will
not leave Latonia for California until the
meeting at the former place is over.
Ransom, who rode Tower of Candles
and Autolight, should practice getting
away from the barrier.
Caller Bob McGibben appeared in old
time form, his voice showing no signs of
huskiress.
Swimmers at Sutro 's.
The following swimmers and divers are
entered for the contest this afternoon at
Sutro Baths:
50-yard race, juvenile — J. Bosworth, R.
Van, G. Nichols, P. Sundberg, L. Baudain,
J. Williams, C. McCarthy, R. Herman, R.
Burns, C. Wryst, S. Schultz, H. Olson, J.
McManus, P. McDermid, D. Miller, G.
Caullield. C. Simpson. Diving for plates—
r. Berges, C. Wryst, J. Morris, E. Smidey,
E. Kipp, J. Schustro, E. Wood, H. Pfuhl,
I* Britten. P. McDermid, S. Dalton, C.
Mason, Roche. W. Cook, C. Buttemer,
E. McClure, H. Leickens, W. Hoffman J.
O. Keefe.
100-yard race, amateurs— R. Seltzer, W.
Stockton, P. Moultin, H. Seebach, C. Lun
din, J. Murphy, E. Peters, W. Fisher E.
Moody, F. Crowder, S. Harris, C. Dono
van, E. Flynn, F. Neal, J. Hubt. P.
Maine, J. Dwyer, J. Shrimp, J. Holton,
L. Doua, H. Dougherty, J. Ringrose.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— D
Kergan, H. Wolfe, C. Hanlon. J. Arma
cost. A. May. F. Muller, E. Winfleld P.
Louis, W. Billington, G. Winlander, H.
Fremont. W. Boyle, E. Wells, L. Harper,
S. Schultz.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
WINNER OF THE FIRST RACE AND INCIDENTS OF OPENING DAY AT OAKLAND TRACK,
UNCLE HENRY HARRIS' SPEEDY MEN DEFEAT THE SENATORS POINTLESS
IN A GAME TO WHICH DEVEREAUX CONTRIBUTES THE ONLY ERROR
UNCLE HENRY'S youngsters
played errorless baseball yester
day at Recreation Park, shut
ting. Sacramento out without a
tally. The Wasps tried the
"double steal" successfully three times,
sending three men across the plate. In
this play they were aided by Flood, sec
ond base man for the Senators, whose
throwing to the home plate to shut off the
runner lacked accuracy.
Devereaux is charged with the only er
ror made in the game. Nordyke hit a hot
one to him and he propped himself, ex
pecting the ball to bound into his hands.
Instead it rolled between his legs, the bat
ter beine safe on first.
The Wasps scored two in the first in
ning. Nordyke, the first batter up, lined
out a three-bagger. Wilson hit to second,
Nordyke being caught out at the plate.
Hildebrand singled. Schwartz singled,
scoring Wilson. Pabst was safe at first,
but fotced Schwartz at second. Pabst and
Hildebrand worked the double steal,
"Hildy" scoring.
In the fourth the double steal again
worked successfully. Pabst was on third
and Riley on first.
The Wasps scored their last two runs
in the fifth. Nordyke scored on the pop
ular double steal. Hildebrand was given
a pass to first and scored on Schwartz's
two-bagger.
There were a number of close decisions,
fn which the Senators thought they re
ceived harsh treatment from Umpire Har
ner. The score:
SAN , FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, cf 4 1 2 1 4 0 0
Wilson, c 4 110 4 10
HildeJirand, If 3 2 2 2 2 0 0
Schwartz, r£ 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Pabst, lb 3 1 1 2 11 0 0
Krug, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Shay, s.b 3 0 2 3 2 4 0
Riley, 3b 3 0 0 0 14 0
Iburg, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 31 5 10 8 27 14 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b 3 0 10 2 3 0
bheehan. 3b 4 0.00040
Courtney, cf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Hoffer, 2b-rf 4 0 10 0 0 0
Davis, lb 3 0 0 0 10 1 0
Mclaughlin, If 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Devereaux, s.s 3 0 10 2 4 1
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
McNeeley, p 3 0 1 0 0 4 0
Doyle, rf 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 0 5 0 24 IS 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francjseo 2 0012000*— 5
Base hits 3 1 1 1 2 1 1 0 •— 10
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Base hits o 00111200—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— McNeeley 3. Three
base hit— Nordyke. Two-base hits— Shay,
Pabst. First base on error— San Francisco 1.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 3.
Left on bases— San Francisco 6: Sacramento 4.
Struck out — By Iburg 3; by McNeeley 2. Hit
by pitcher— Pabst. Double plays — Devereaux
to Flood to Davis ; Sheehan to Hoffer to
Pavls. Time of game— l;3o. Umpire— Harper.
Official scorer— McFarlin.
McPartlin's Ninth Victory.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Poor fielding
lest another game for Oakland to-day and
McPartlin scored his ninth consecutive
victory In California without having suf
fered a defeat. The Dudes batted freely,
but could not hit when men were on
bases. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill. If 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Dougherty, rf 4 0 2 1 1 1 0
Householder, cf 3 0 1 0 3 1 0
Reltz, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 3 0
Kihm. lb 3 110 7 0 0
Reilly. 3b 111110 0
Hall. 3b 2 0 10 0 3 1
Kelly, ss 3 0 0 0 4 11
Spies, c 4 1 0- 1 C X 0
STANFORD'S ELEVEN TRIUMPHANT
IN A BRISK FOOTBALL BATTLE
WITH HARDY PLAYERS OF NEVADA
Cardinal Wins by a Score of Twelve to Nothing
and the Critics Comment Favorably on the Work
Done by the Men Who Are to Meet California
McPartlin. p S 1 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 81 4 6 3 27 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 5 4 0
Krancks. cf 4 0 10 0 0 0
Dunleavy., 3b 4 1 2 0 1 2 2
Schmidt. If 3 fr 0 0 2 0 1
Ea«an. lb 4 0 2 0 11 0 0
Bi bbitcj ss 4 0 1 0 0 3 2
Hanson, rf 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Lohman, c 3 0 10 4 4 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 33 1 9 0 24 14 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 3 1 0 0 "—4
Base hits 1 0 0 0 3 2 0 0 «— «
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 o—l
Base hits 12012210 o—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hodson 1. McPartlin L
Two-base hits— Klhm. Reilly. Eagan, Dun
leavy. Sacrifice hits— Reilly. First base on
errors — Los Angeles 5, Oakland 2. First base
on called balls— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 1.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 6, Oakland ' 7
Struck out— By MePartMn 4, by Hodaon 3. Hit
by pitcher— Householder, Schmidt. Doubl*
plays— Dunleavy to Mohler; Reitz to Kelly to
Kihm. Time of game— One hour and fifty-five
minutes. Umpire — Levy.
The world may owe every man a living,
but it takes a hustler to collect it.
Pages 33 to 44
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. ?
The varsity eleven defeated th«
University of Nevada football
team by a score of 12 to 6 this aft
ernoon. The game was the last
which the cardinal eleven was schedule-i
for prior to the big game next Saturday,
and while they triumphed over the Sage
brush men and kept the ball in Nevada
territory most of the time they played
ball that was frequently ragged.
The game was interesting and exciting,
however. There were numerous fumble-*,
and several times the cardinal runner wu
tackled behind the line. The cardinal
team did not play the style of ball to
which It is best adapted— that is, a con
tinuous line-bucking game. Punting was
resorted to far too frequently when gainj
could have, been made by hammering the.
Nevada line. Hill dropped back fcr punt*
eleven times, and on not more than two
occasions did he do this in order to pre
vent losing the ball on downs.
The men from Reno did not execute
over thirty-five plays during the entire
game, and about half of these were kicks
by Graham. It was a kicking game from
start to finish, and both Graham and Hill
showed up well. Hill generally gained a
little on exchange of punts, his longest
kick being about fifty-flve yards. The
Navadans worked the old guards back
formation v<»ry effectively on three o;
four occasions, battering the Stanford
line for good gains, but their attempt*
at trick plays were failures.
Cardinal's Play Uncertain.
The cardinal team was not put on th«
defensive very often, and consequently it
is hard to determine its ability along that
line, which Is regardec as Stanford's weaJc
point. At times the eleven braced and
held like a wall, at other times the Ne
vada men sifted through the Use with,
apparent ease.
The varsity line-up at the beginning of
the first half was practically the same as
it will be on November 9. Apparently the
only unsettled positions on the team are
center and left end. Lee has been playing
the position well during the week and he
showed up well to-day, playing the first
half. Hauverman also played well, and
the next few days will have to determine
which one will face California's center.
Cooper is a sure man >at right end and
the other ends tried in the game to-day
made good showings, particularly Preston
and Tarpey. McFadden. Traeger, Slaker.
Fisher and Hill appeared to be equally
effective in advancing the ball, seldom
falling to make gains. At guards Barn
htsel and Thompson put up a steady, con
sistent game. "Stub' Raitt played 1n his
usual brilliant style, appearing at hi« best
in running in the ball on Graham's kicks.
Continued on Page Thirty-Fotir.34
JEFFRIES SUBMITS TO A PHYSICAL EXAMINATION BY DR. CHARLES A. CLINTON,
WHO AT ONCE PRONOUNCES HIM THE MOST PERFECT ATHLETE HE HAS EVER SEEN
CADETS PLAY
YALE TIE GAME
Greatest Contest Ever
Seen on West Point
Field.
Harvard Defeats Brown, and
Princeton Takes Game
From Cornell.
WEST POINT, N. T., Nov. 2.— ln th«
most closely contested football game ever
played on the West Point field the cadets
to-day tied Yale's strong team by a score
of [ to 5. Daly was in fine form and was
ably supported by every man oif the home
team. There was a great deal of fumb
ling, in which West Point was the gainer.
The cadets were not on the defensive,
but on the offensive, and the battle was
mostly fought in Yale's territory.
The first half was unquestionably In
Tale's favor, but after a severe struggle
the visitors succeeded in making only one
touchdown, and this near the end of the
first half. West Point's generalship was
euperlor to that of Yale. The latter had
more muscle and brawn, but the soldiers
had nerve and mettle. In the second half
the pigskin was in Yale's territory almost
continuously. Near the last stage Daly,
for West Point, kicked a goal from the
field. In five minutes more time was
called, and the score stood 5 to 6.
ITHACA, H. V. f Nov. Princeton
scored a hard fought victory over Cornell
this afternoon by the narrow margin of
two points, the final score being 8 to 0.
Princeton won on a safety allowed by
Referee Wrlghtlngton. This was vigor
ously protested by Cornell. It resulted
from a trial for a goal from the field by
Right Tackle Dewitt. The ball missed the
goal posts by # several feet, but it was
picked up by Brewster, Cornell's quarter
back, who was shoved back over the line
by a Princeton player. Cornell took the
position that the Princeton man was off
side before Brewster took possession of
the ball, but the official decision was to
the contrary.
It was now too dark to distinguish the
teams before time ¦ was called, and be
cause of this the deciding play was made
more uncertain. The score had stood 6 to
6 throughout the greater part of the sec
ond naif and a tie game was looked for.
NSW YORK, Nov. 2.— Between 8000 ajid
SOW people saw the Columbia football
team shut out the representatives of the
University of Pennsylvania at the Polo
grounds to-day. In the first half Co
lumbia scored two touchdowns from one
of which a goal was kicked, while the
Pennsylvania men failed to get near their
opponent's goal line. Columbia, 11; Penn
sylvania, 0.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. Harvard
easily defeated Brown this afternoon, 48
to 0. ,Five touchdowns were made in the
first half and three in -he second.
DETROIT. Nov. 2.— The University of
Michigan defeated the Carlisle Indian
School football team a Bennett Park
this afternoon before 8000 people by the
Bcore of 22 to 0. "VYu Ting Fang, the Chin.
ese Minister, occupied one of the boxes
with ex-Secretary of War Alger and at
the close of the game in response to the
demands of the spectators he addressed
them, congratulating Michigan on her
victory.
Most of Carlisle's gain were made with
their "wingshift" play, the entire team
shifting over and attacking the Michigan
line between- end and tackle. Michigan,
however, finally solved the play and broke
It up. Michigan's gains were made princi
pally by hard line bucking.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 2.— Wisconsin Uni
versity gave the Nebraska University a
drubbing on the gridiron this afternoon,
the score being 18 to 0. The Nebraska
eleven was by far the hardest proposition
Wisconsin has encountered this season.
In the first half Cortelyou. for Nebraska,
on a beautiful double pass, got around
Wisconsin's left end with a clear field be
fore him, but was prevented from scoring
a touchdown by Cockem's great sprint,
being brought down ten yards from Wis
consin's goal.
CHICAGO. Nov. Th* brilliant work
of Merrill. Smith and Mcßae averted im
pending defeat for the Beloit eleven to
day. The final score was: Chicago, 17:
Beloit. 17.
STANFORD ELEVEN DEFEATS NEVADA
Continued From Page Thirty -Three
Graham, Keddie and Riordan starred
lor the visitors. Assistant Coach Hopper,
Captain Womble and several members of
the California eleven watched the game
from the bleachers. Coach <Fickert ex
pressed himself as satisfied with the
game put up by the eleven and com
mented on the favorable showing made by
the Nevada team. Following Is a descrip
tion of the first half:
Playing in First Half.
At 3:45 b' clock •'Bill" Traeger started the
game with' a forty-yard kick-oft to Keddie, who
was tackled by Fischer. Keddie was given the
ball, but McFadden broke through and tackled
him behind the line. Graham then punted for
ty yards to Raitt, who ran the ball in seven
yards. Fisher was sent around left end for
two an<s a half yards and Slaker completed the
distance on a straight buck. Hill took the ball
around right end for a four-yard gain. On a
etralght buck by Elaker tne tail was advanced
two yards and the same action was repeated for
three yards more. Traeger on tackle-back for
mation gained two yards and Fisher five yards
en a eimilar play. Nevada was penalized ten
yards for offside play, which moved the ball up
to Nevada's ten-yard line. Hill was given the
ball for a buck, but fumbled and the ball was
recovered by Kearney. Graham, Nevada's star
punter, • kicked to the center of the field and
on the next play Hill returned twenty yards
after a bad pass. Keddie kicked again to Stan
ford's forty-five-yard line and Raitt ran the ball
In ten yards. McFadden on tackle-back plays
made two gains, netting five and a half yards
Fisher gained five yards on two bucks through
tackle. Hill fumbled the ball and Wright fell
en it. Graham then kicked to Raitt, who ran
In ten yards. McFadden dropped back and
plunged through the line for two yards and Hill
kicked thirty yards. Graham and Hill ex
changed punt*, each about forty yards in
length. Graham kicked to Nevada's forty-yard
line to Raitt, who ran In twenty yards Mc-
Fadden advanced the ball five yards by acrow
buck and repeated for five yards more. Traeger
and Slaker netted Stanford six yards on bucks
Elaker carried the ball over the goal line for a
touchdown on a straight buck. Traeger kicked
the ball out to Raitt, who made for a fair catch
and Traeger then kicked the goal Score-
Stanford 6, Nevada 0. Graham thin kicked^off
from the center of the field to Stanford^ n *
yard line and Slaker made a pretty run in with
the ball, taking it to the Stanford forty-yard
me Hill kicked- to Stewart, who was tackled
In his tracks by Traep-er on Nevada's thirty
yard line. Freshman Tarpey was substirnS*
for Right End Cooper. Graham punted "to Ram!
who ran th* ball into* center of th.. Held
Hill kicked to Graham, who was tacWed &
r-iark. Graham returned the kick to > Blaker
Fisher bucked for two yards and Hill ralnM
nine more on a tackle-back play. Fisher ™«5l
a beautiful run of fifteen yards around , erf enS
and Hill repeated around right end for touch
down. Traerw kicked the goal. Score- stSn"
ford 12. i 5, eva si 0. In the second half neUher
side eeored. The line-up was aa follows-
Nevada. Positions. Stanford
Wright £.££ ¦.....".. Ta°r£ y
Drips *- T. R..... McFadden
Lawrence ,** Q - **• Barnhlsel
Lee
Hunter 2 ea , r ? PYP V Haaverman
C. Smith «• G. L Thompson
Riordan «• T. L. ...Traeger
Clark
n v t Kuhn
Kearney «- B. L. Preston
Raitt
L«adbetter Quarter Bansbach
Fl6her 'capt.)
- „ Smith
Stewart L. H. R Allen
Keddie R. H. L Hill
Graham Fullback Slaker
Official*— Dave Brown and Garth Parker.
GUS RUHLIN SHOWS ONE OF THE NOVEL. INSTRUMENTS HE USES
IN PERFECTING HIS PHYSICAL CONDITION FOR HIS FORTHCOM
ING FIGHT WITH JEFFRIES AT MECHANICS' PAVILION.
The Champion Eases Up in His Work to Avoid
Any Possibility of Becoming Overtrained.
MARBIN SPRINGS, Nov. 2.— At
the request of The Call Dr.
Charles A. Clinton of San Fran
cisco, who has been here in at
tendance upon some of his pa
tients, made a physical examination of
the champion yesterday and his verdict
was that Jeffries was a superb specimen
of manhood and was in perfect condition.
The examination was made shortly after
"Jim " had returned from a long run over
the hills. Although he perspired freely
and took off four pounds the champion
was as fresh as the proverbial daisy.
Jeff did not demur to the examination.
He did not expect to be told he was suf
fering from "the ills that flesh is heir to,"
nor did he fear to be told he war not in
condition. He was friendly to the doctor
because the latter performed a slight
operation on his lower lip, which was
badly puffed from a collision with hia
brother's hard head.
The physician subjected Jeffries to a
critical examination. He used the stetho
scope and other surgical Instruments to
make it thorough.
When Jeffries gazed upon The Call's
photograph of Ruhlin yesterday he re
marked: "He looks quite fat." "Jim"
seldom talks about his coming fight or
about his opponent, and this statement
from him can be looked upon in the light
of a criticism. Hctias fought Ruhlin and
has seen him fight repeatedly and the
FAST HOMER BOY
HAS FIRST CALL
Good coursing resulted in the run-down
of the two stakes yesterday at Union
Park. The Intention was originally to run
but one event, but on account of its short
ness and because • of the demand of the
patrons for more of the sport the run
down of the second stake was ordered.
To-day's winners In the open stake look
to be Kibosh, Fannie Hughie, Ireland,
White Hat, Ruby Sankey, Amedee, Royal
Archer, Master Rocket, Crocket Hill, Tap
ioca, Candelaria, Master Clair, Vulcan,
King Cotton, Fontenoy and Rona.
For stake honors Master Rocket is at
4 to 1, Kibosh 5, Ireland 6, Vulcan 7 and
King Cotton 8.
Likely winners in the special event are
Flora McDonald, Flying Fox, Narcissus,
Vandal. Homer Boy and Herschel's Pride,
with Homer Boy a 3 to 2 favorite for the
final flag.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— A. R. Curtis' Kibosh
beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells, 13-6; A. L.
Anderson's James Lick beat T. Mailer's Lord
Goff 4-0; E. Geary" Fenii beat P. Horgana
Faugh a BaHagh. 7-1; E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie beat W. H. Robinson's Fred Freedom.
<-*; B. Geary's Ireland beat R. Strehl's Three
er8 V : fL GGarye * ary ' g Ruby Sankey beat
James Conneiys New Moon, 12-4; Chl&rini
Broß. White Hat beat Sterl & Knowles' Olita,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
REDWOOD CITT, Nov. B.— Gus
Ruhlin drew a crowded house at
the Alhambra Theater to-night,
where he was announced to Illus
trate his training exercises and
also to box a limited number of rounds
with "Denver" Ed Martin, "Charley" Goff
and "Joe" McAuliffe. Ruhlin showed in
excellent condition and the exhibition was
Akron giant's condition seemed to be of
great moment to him. Gus must beware
oecause the big fellow will surely try to
play a tatto on his stomach Instead of
striving to land on the jaw.
Jeff eased up in his work yesterday.
Instead of laboring in the gymnasium he
did outdoor work. A brisk jaunt over the
mountains and two games of baseball,
with light work with the chest weights,
completed his day's training. Jeffries
started out about 10 'o'clock and two
friends accompanied him in a cart. The
big fellow simply ran away from them.
He returned about 2 o'clock, but hi* com
panions did not materialize until two
hours later.
While Jen" was being groomed by his
trainers he talked with his visitors about
the effects of heavy blows. He said he
did not take punishment like other bcxers
He added that he had often been hit hard
but seldom with force enough to worry
him.
One of the visitors noticed that while
the champion lay out on the rubbing
board his chest stood out prominently
end that he showed no stomach. Brother
Jack was chopping with great force upon
the champion's dining department, but
Jim did not feel it. This is due to the
ridge of muscles that he has, like Shar
key, developed to fortify the solar plexus
Jim says he has been hit in that region
by Fitzsimmons and the latter never hurt
him. As for Sharkey, the champion states
the sailor never landed a blow upon him
3-0; A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night beat L\
Geary's Minnie Sankey, 3-0; P. M. Clarkson's
Golden Garter beat George Sharman's St. Ive*,
6-4; George Nethercott's Hickory Dick beat A.
L.. Bnderson's Royal Joker, 8-4; H. Lynch's
Merrimac beat F. S. Price's Brutus 6-3- It. S.
Barre's Amedee beat D. J. Healey's Evange
lne, 7-4; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
L. F. Bartcls' Best Bargain, 4-2; Sterl &
Knowle3' Sleety Mist beat George Sharman's
Bowery Boy, 2-0; B. SUva'a Master Rocket beat
J. McCormlck's Black Daisy,' 5-0; M. Nealon'a
Achilles beat L. F. Bartels' Brother Bob, 5-0;
A. Vanderwhite's Lear King beat M. Nealon's
Agamemnon, 8-6; T. Cox's Crockett Hill beat
A. R. Curtis' Morena, 10-3; D. J. Healey's
Tapioca beat W. H. Robinson's Lord Freedom,
4-0; A. R. Curtis' Leola beat Chiarlni Bros.'
Master Workman, 6-3; A. R. Curtis' Candelaria
beat M. Nealon's Aeneas, 6-0; A. R. Curtis'
Bed of Roses beat Star Kennels' Blackhead,
1-6; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat J. M. Car
roll's Master Clair, 9-6; A. R. Curtis' Lord
Beacons Held beat George Sharman's The Doc
tor. 12-3; A. R. Curtiß" Vulcan beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rocker, 4-0; Chlarini Bros.' Lucky Bald
win beat P. Doyle's Liberator, 4-0; A. R. Cur
tis' King Cotton beat F. Jones' Lovina, 8-4; D.
J. Healey's Fine Form beat Star Kennels'
Pickpocket, 12-9; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
beat J. D. Cardinell's Union Jack, 6-2; Star
Kennels' Fontenoy beat George Xethercotl s
Red Rock, 10-0; H. 11. Gray's Rona beat D. J.
Healey's Elesta, 2-0; George Knight's Shadow
beat J. M. Carroll's Auckland, 14-1.
Special stake, first round— D. J. Healey's
TlburoD. beat Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist, 3
2; A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald beat
George Nethercott's Floodgate, 6-3; A. R. Cur
tis' Flying Fox beat Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete, 4-1; George Sharman's Little Sister
beat A. R. Curtis' Charta, 2-0; E. Geary 1 s
America beat A. R. Curtiß' Narcissus, 4-0;
George Sharman's Warship beat A. R. Curtis'
Anchor, 6-2: George Sharman's Sir Pasha beat
George Graham's Tyrone Prince, 6-0; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat Star Kennels' Game Boy,
6-3; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat F. Jones'
Wedgewood, 6-1; H. Lynch's A. J. Martin beat
Chiarinl Bros.' Dewdrop, 3-2; George Nether
cott's Freda C beat Ycsemlte Kennels' Mose,
4-0; Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride beat Sterl
A Knowles' Freeze Out, 6-0.
a most satisfactory one to the spectators.
The stage had been roped off and a plat
form built, from which was suspended the
punching bag. Ruhlin went through his
dumbbell exercises, skipped the rope and
punched the bag, besides doing some
clever footwork. During the punching of
the bag it was knocked from its support
and went out among the spectators. An
DR. CLINTON SAYS JEFFRIES
IS IN PERFECT CONDITION
Weight 214 pounds
Height 6.1^ inches
Reach 77y 2 inches
Ankle 10f^ inches
Calf 17y, inches
Thigh 25 inches
Wrist 8 inches
Forearm 13^ inches
Arm ever bicep 14j^ inches
Al tne request or me Call I made a thorough physical examination
at Harbin Springs of James J. Jeffries, the champion pugilist of the
world. I find his weight and measurements as above given.
"I have examined a great many athletes and pugilists in my
time, but none to equal the magnificent physique of the champion. He
is proportioned like a Greek god and possesses the strength and endurance
of a Roman gladiator. In a word he is a perfect and magnificent speci
man of manhood. Every organ 'in his body— including the heart, lungs, liver,
stomach, spleen and kidneys— are perfectly normal. His muscular develop
ment is superb. It is faultless. The strength of a chain is in its weakest
link. My examination failed to find a weak point in the champion's entirt
body.
"During my short stay at Hnrbln Springs I watched him closely daily
going through his various physical exercises, including boxing, rowing, skip
ping the rope and handball, and considering his great size, his activity,
quickness and agility are truly phenomenal.
"While his capacity to receive an-J assimilate punishment is great, his
power and ability to inflict it is terrific. This is evidenced by his battle
with Sharkey and the latter's defeat, and fractured ribs, which were tire
results of the contest.
"He revels in hard work. The harder it is the better he likes it and it
does not seem to tire him, which emphasizes his fine physical state.
The condition of his nervous system is excellent. He is even-tempered,
good-natured and as frolicsome as a schoolboy on a vacation.
"CHARLES A. CLINTON. M. D."
that ever caused him to worry. In speak
ing of his last fight with Sharkey, Jim
said the kinetoscope did not do him jus
tice; that he was meeting the sailor every
time he rushed and only broke ground
oncQ or twice in the entire fight.
Jeff will take no more long runs over
the hills. He will confine his outdoor work
to strolling in the mountains and short
sprints and baseball. From now on he
will work in the gymnasium with a view
to gaining speed. He will not do too much
boxing for fear of injuring his hands at
the eleventh hour. Handball, skipping the
rope, bag punching and rowing will form
his daily menu for training.
When the champion boxes with Arm
strong or his brother he allows those two
heavy punchers to swat him with all their
might. He even pokes out his lean but.
hardened jaw to receive the- blows. He
does this in order to accustom himself to
remain cool when being punched.
AWAIT ANSWER
FROM COLOMBIA
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 2.— At to-day's
meeting of the Pan-American Congress
General Rafael Reyes, delegate of Colom
bia, in a speech full of praise for the
United States proposed that H. C. Davis,
chairman of the United §tates delegation,
be elected president of the Pan-American
Congress. Davis thanked the delegate
and declined the office.
The provisional president, Generaro* Ral
gosa, chairman of the Mexican delegation,
was elected president of the congress,
Durar Pera of Brazil was elected first vice
president, and Balletzar Esturpinian of
Salvador second vice president.
Senator Carbo of Ecuador proposed
naming Secretary Hay as an additional
honorary president, which action was
unanimously taken.
Delegate Gil Fortout of Venezuela said
he had received no word that President
Castro of Venezuela had replied to the
resolution of the conference with respect
to avoidance of a war between his country
and Colombia, and he asked the president
of the conference if a reply had been re
ceived from Colombia.
President Raigosa stated that the reply
of the President of Venezuela had been
received by the Foreign Office of Mexico,
but up to the present moment neither the
Foreign Office, nor he as president of the
other time It was knocked to the far end
of the stage.
The preliminary bout was between Den
ver Ed Martin and Charley Goff. After
this Ruhlin sparred alternately with Mar
tin, Goff and McAuliffe. Ruhlin was
cheered to the echo after each round. He
showed himself a master with the gloves,
none of those with whom he boxed being
Neck 17 inches
Waist 34 inches
Chest, at rest 42^4 inches
Chest, forced in
spiration 46 inches
Chest, forced ex
piration 40i/ inches
Pulse 52 to the minute
Respiration ..14 to the minute
Every day a new trick is planned by
the champion. Last night he tried to
take a heavy calf up to Bob Armstrong's
rocm, but the animal spoiled the game by
crying and the colored boxer was warned
Bob is being called "Syndicate" by rea
son of his penchant for playing poker
with money gathered from every member
of the training staff. He always loses,
but this does not worry him in the least.
Jack Jeffries announced last evening
that his brother was fit to fight the battle
or nis life; that, barring unforseen acci
dents, Jim would go into the arena on
the evening of the 15th inst. capable of
putting forth his best efforts. Jack says
he has never known his brother to be in
such excellent shape. He has worked
with Jeff for the last four years and as
he has trainee the champion for all his
contests his statement should have some
weight with those who are anxious to get
a line on the big fellow's condition.
Venezuela delegation, had received any
reply from Colombia.
Gil Fortout said he thought diplomatic
usage demanded that no official report of
the reply of Venezuela be made until the
reply of Colombia should be received He
therefore asked the chair to withhold the
reply of Venezuela until Colombia should
be heard from.
General Reyes of Colombia said he be
lieved the reason for the delay in the re-
c f'?. t , of f- message from the Government
of Colombia was due to an interruption of
the telegraph lines which passed through
a rough country. He was quite certain no
discourtesy was Intended.
President Raigosa said he would act in
accordance with the representation of Gil
Fortout as being in conformity with
diplomatic usage, but if the conference
wished otherwise he would have to bow to
its wishes. The conference declared it did
not wish to run counter to the request of
Gil Fortout.
The members of the arbitration and
court of arbitration committee appointed
by the several delegations to the confer
ence were announced to-day. Buchanan
was re-elected as the United States rep
resentative.
Champion Fitzgerald Will Pay.
James Fitzgerald, the handball cham
pion, and James Nealon, who was his
partner last Sunday, will meet Joe Col
lins and Al Hampton this afternoon at
the San Francisco court for the second
time. The other games -will be between
the following players:
W. Fisher and Mike Jolce vs. J. Johnson
and D. White; J McGlade and J Mc-
Brearty vs. R. Murphy and D. Connolly
E. Curley and J. Riordan vs. W Maguire
and J. "White; M. Levy and J. Durand vs.
P. Busch and M. Berwln; P. Foley and
W. Minehan vs. J. McLaughlln and J
Lawless; R. LJnehan and M. Killgalloii
vs. J. Harlow and W. Williams.
able to touch him.
The proceeds of the exhibition go to Joe
McAuliffe. who has resided here for some
time past and who is organizing an ath
letic club at "this place. Joe is well liked
and his club promises to be a succes*. It
isjiis intention from time to time tof hold
exhibitions, at which he promises to pro
duce men well known in the boxing world.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKIaAND RACETRACK— Saturday, Nov. 2. 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast
2764. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; Inaugural Dash; 3- year-old* and up; $400. '
• ;]'•...- - j '¦ :~"*:: ~"* : ~ ' I~" ' Betting.
Index 1 Horse, Age. Wt. St. %. V - Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl,
2610 Doublet 4.. ....117 1 ... 1 h In In D. S. Fountain Hoar • - 3*
(2137) Joe Frey, 3. ...115 3 ... "4% 4 1 2nsJ. W. Schorr. J. Woods 3 *^
"....'¦. Sc for Scndl, 3.107 6 ... 7 1 3 1 - . 3 ns F. W. Dobs Blrkenruth 5 •-
2414 Frank Bell 5. .117 5 ... 2 1 In 4 5 J. W. O'Neal & Co..Wlnslet » 8
2620 Narra G, 3 105 4 ... (182 Bh Miss C. Gibson Howson 20 (0
2601 Prejudice 4 107 7 ... 6 1 •«*4 ¦ 6 4 Burns &Waterhouse..Ransch 5 7
(2498) Yellowtail, 4. ..110 8 ... 10% 7h 7 3 J. Hackett......».....Vlttatoe . 12 15
2485 Articulate, 3. ..115 9 ... 11 ¦- 9 2 81. W.C. de B. Lopez See .. 8 18
... • Scorpla, 4 117 2 ... 3% SI »2 W. H. Katcheman..Matthws 10 12
2762 Meehanus, 5... .120 10 ... 8 2 10 3 10 5 Caesar Young Ruiz 4 10
... T. of Candls, 3.112 11 ... 9 1 11 11 'G. B. Morris Ransom » a
Time — 3-16, :1S; %, :23%; 'i. :49; 5%f, 1:07. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, D.
S. Fountain's eh. g. by Domino-Luc^ Wallace. Doublet outbroke his company. Jo« Frey
will take some beating- next time. out. With more luck School for Scandal could have won.
Frank Bell tired chasing Doublet. - Tellowtail cut oft early. Articulate away poorly.
. Scorpla ¦ faint-hearted. Meehanua and Candles off badly. Latter no chance. Scratched—*
Icicle 102 Sharp Bird 0-^--^...^^^0 -^--^...^^^ __.
2763, SECOND RACE— Six .furlongs ; selling; three-year-olds and up: purse. $400.
~ : ' I '¦ ~ ; ~" " ~ I Betting-
Index Horse. Age. Wt. St. hi. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CI.
(2687) Vantine, 4 109 4 : ... 2 1-11 12 G. W. Snider & Co.. McCarty| 3-2 5*3
2C33 Nel. Forest, 3.. 105 5 ; ... 4h 5 1 .2 % W. P. Magrana & Cc.Mthws S 15
. 2602- Monda, 5 109 7 ... ».8h 4h 3h W. P. Fine Collls IS 30
2610 Alas. 4..V. 109 9- ... 10 3 7 h 4h. H. C Ahlers Tullett 12 20
(2759) L. Clievedn, 4.. 109 2 ... 31~ 2 a 5 2 J. L. Rector Ransom 15 30
2613 Einstein. 6 109 6 ... 11 9 S3 'L. Levy See 12 20
... Bedner. 3 107 8 ... 9 % 10 7 2 P. Ryan Blrkenruth 8 «
..-. Strongoll. 5 114 10 ... 6 2 SH 8 E. Purser Ruiz 15 20
1335 Panamlnt, 5. 112 3 ... 5 2 3 h 9 Burns & Water house.. Woods 3 3
2578 Bonltary, 3 107 1 ... 12 6 % 10 Dr. H. E. Rowell... Vlttatoe 80 100
2705 M. Strauss. 4.. 109 11 ... 7h * ... W. E. Cotton ..Hoar 3 5-1
Time— :24^; %, :49H; %, 1:15%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. G. W. Snider & Co.'s eh. m. by Anchorite- Vestina. Winner can heat all sucn
rubbish. Nellie Forest no excuses. Alas will do to watch. Bedner away badly. Strongolt
ran in streaks. Bonitdry quit. 'Bled. Scratched — Bravo 104. Gold Baron 109.
2766. THIRD Futurity course; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Betting. "
Index Horse & Weight. St. 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
... Homestead ....113 2 ... In 2% in O. B. Morris J. Woods 7-10- 2-5
... Magi ..„ 115 1 ... 2h In 2 5 W. E. Applegate Hoar 5 •
2638 Waterscratch ..115 3 ... 42 33 33 G. Summers & C 0.... Collis 10 20
••• Flourish 110 4 ... 5% 4 5 4 5 H.J. Wilson Blrkenruth 4^B
2704 Botany 110 7 ... 6 2 7 5 5 5 B. E. Edwards.. J. Matthews 10 30
2755 Sllva Cruz 113 6 ... 3 2 II 8 1 E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 0 »
2700 Louwelsea 115 d ... 7 5 5 1 7 5 Doble &Co . Puli 5 7
.¦¦ Pirate Maid.. ..110 8 ... 8 8 8 C. W. Chappell. ¦'. '. '.'.'.'. Stuart 15 40
Time-To *=«%; to Vs. :45%; last %. 1:01; short \. 1:11. Good .tart. Won first three
- driving. Winner. G. B. Morris b. c. by Candlemas-Sweet Home Hoar on Magi tried
to carry winner out. Woods then took a hand and outrode the lighter boy Waterscratch
¦ ran a race that would have won In cheaper company. Flourish will Improve. Louweise*
ran poorly. Scratched— Landseer 115. ..' *.<»»=.=«
2767. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongi; wiling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
' Index Horse. Age. Wt. St. %. .H- Str. Fin. \ Owner and Jockey. tUll ci.
2327 Impromptu. 3..110 « ... 43 I^l2 F. W Doss. Blrkmrnf), . * «
(2683) Gusto, 4 115 4 ... 13 13 2 2 P Hawlev^ V%2? ,5 ,1
(2761) Eonlc, 3 107 2 ... 3 2 4 5 I h Caesar Y?unV t*2 Ji
si Ba£?fc^! ::: l\ l?£m.Wz^mg2s£ ". 1
<s> arnica = s? v i\ fs/.^a^vS J'2
2587 Position. 4 112 9 ... 10 110 4 10 4 j"creely "i**M^SJ! « «
ers. possessing speed to bum Eonlc. hard ridden from th. Tump wlapDc^^d orf.tretc^
oTraltaf quit."" Came ""* ""* *** W " 1 C °- °^°^' ** »Sd^"t rtSS
2708. FIFTH RACE-One mlleiOpenlnTH^clpT^r^Tar^o^nT^
index Horse. Age. Wt. St. %. *< St r. Tin. Owp«. and Joek B y. Op.^i.
(2610) Hagerdon, 4.. 106 5 ... 15 18 12 H T ™__ .. " :': '- m ~ . T~~ 7l
... Obla. 3... 1014 ... «i 41 ,1 5- S"— Frank Vlttatoe • *-t
2521 IRosormonde, 6..101 6 ... 54 Sh a a L vj 710 ,,,'"; Blrienruth • 12
2703 | Sir Hampton, 4.107 2 X ... 2% 2V, I I ?* c ii O «W* 1 * Stuart 10 15
... AutoUght. 3....103 11 ... 8 1 5 2 si George MUler....J. Matthews » 13
2143 Bangor, 5 98 7 ... 95 «i «t „• B - i?^ 1 " Ransom ¦• 7
25S Morlnel. 6.', 95 1 ... 10 71 7 L »«rn» * Waterhouw.. . Ransch 1 1
(2725) Fl. of Gold, 4.. 107 9 ... Slit «2 rvL L n - L' Adams 10 M
1928 Favonlus, 5 112 3 ... 4 h 9 2 I ? %%£ B L roth « r " Hoar • M
... Varro. t. 100 10 ... 7% 10 10 * Burns * Waterhous^.Wood. - -
(2558) Rio Shannon. 4.108 8 • .;. ... 10 m°- c^jj^ 161 " f^'J; 8*"8 *" 1* 13
:"b.: "b. tVffir.L^ J. Coffey Fauntleroy thJdrlr!
Tl ,nr y w.nne\ : It L^V^l".^^..^/^^ l^ o"^^"^0 "^^"^
bunch. .Obla ran to form. RosormondTdld w*ll ?«£ «? ?£ 1 a « er ? on Maw f101"f 101 " th»
of bad luck, otherwise he would have been k?^M T,° ld lady Autol1 * ht had all sort*
first turn. So was Flush of Gold FavonlM . w **' . Ban * or sulked - Morlnel cut off at
at first turn and boy thrown. •Fell «Coun^d Jits 9 l gnß Of « >reness - Shannon bumped
Nones 110. Rushflelds 103. Icicle 95, Janice 106. Bangor. Scratched-Byron Hoi. KH.
5r^ S?H^ ;gEC:M^ •
index Horse, Age^^lst^^J^Jtr^Fin, Owner and Jock^. [2?**
(2689) Decoy, 4 107 5 ~ Ir , ¦Ti ~TZ 7. : •
235 Bon. Llssak, 100 1 ... j n i, J2J 2 Oeorge Miller... J. Matthews I •
- (2754) . Lizzella, a 109 9 ... gl/ , , i? Ez ?il & Laaarus..Blrl<ennith 3 »-5
2322 T. Lepplng, 3.. 103 3 ..." 4? Jt jj li Weber ...Ransch •• *
2761 Castake, 6....;.111 « .... «1 tl it Newman * Eagan...Win»lett IB «0
2348 I Sea Lion. 6-... 116 2 ... 7), 7u. » ? °- W - Bo»«:ke Romero 10 IS
(2694) jGalanthus, 3..M00 4 ... k ti. Rh 5? Caesar Young Ruiz 5 10
2323 Free Lance, a.. 112 10 ... su » II i, Coffey "* Facntleroy < »
(2640) Torsida. 6 109 7 .. 10 ™ a I2^ ,* H. Ketcheman.... Adams t • •
2757 Miss Vera, 4. ...10711 11 ,» ' J McGovern ....J. McCarty 5 »
(2642) Whaleback. 5...105 12 ..* « 1 ii ;? N Dunlap & McDonald See 25 13
2589 ! Mont Eagle, 4.. 105 1 8 . ' 12 « " - 5- are '" Logue 30 30
2758 Grady, a 108 13 .13 ]' Jf C. P. Fink... Sheehan «0 100 j.
' 2560 Ping -6 107 • * ' " 13 Owen Brothers Hoar 15 25 3
— : ! r 1 4— "• — ••• •• C. W. Chappell Stuart 15 20 4
t™ree driving' • winner 'Ge^i ! g : c ? M!iw : . I^ llet I i 42 HL I 18 ™.- 1:48%.. Good start Won first
well and raced up to it. Bonnie no «p,«l *'t 7 D f celv *r-Mantucket. Decoy had worked
wide. Sea Lion will do In the mud «Leftl ' LlMella came from far back - Caatak* ridden
MINERS FIND
FAMOUS LEDGE
Remarkable Gold Strike
Reported in Shasta
County.
Arbuckle Claim, Lost for
Many Years, Said to *
Be Located.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
REDDING, Nov. 2.— A notable goM
strike has been made in the ArbuciJT-i
mining district, thirty miles southwest of
Redding. The Arbuckle ledge, noted in
the early days and lost for many years,
has been found again by two young pros
pectors. a
In the early mining days the pioneers
took fortunes from packets near the sur
face along this ledge. The men who have
made the discovery have found coarse
gold at a slight depth and are opening
up a claim which gives evidence of being
a great gold mine.
The news started a rush to the section
and prospectors are arriving in the vicin
ity day and night. Great excitement pre
vail* there. It is believed that mines may
be opened there which will equal the
noted MWas mine, 3ome miles farther
west at Harrison Gulch, which sent out
from $30,000 to $40,0 X) per month.
NO NEWS FOB- POOLIMXSMS.
Men Who Operate in Yolo Cannot Get
Telegraph Wire.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2.—Announce
ments had been sent broadcast through
the city yesterday to the effect that the
poolrooms across the Sacramento River
bridge in Yolo County would open for the %
winter season to-day. The reporters were {
accordingly on hand, and they found the
blackboard decorated with the names v!
the various horses written in fancy cray
ons. But there was a hitch somewhere,
and. anxious as were the sports to sep
arate themselves from their coin, they
did not get the opportunity.
The word was soon passed around that
Kripp and Ross, the poolroom men, had
been notified by the local manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company' that
they could not secure a wire from the
Oakland track, and consequently no re
ports of the races could be furnished
them. It is stated here that the presi
dent of the racing association at Oakland
has made an order directing that no news
be sent from the track to outside towns
for gambling purposes, as such action
might be used against the association
during the next Legislature. The pool
room men will try to get the news from
Oakland by means of the telephone.FORTUNE TELLER
SETS HER CRAZY
Word of Prognosticator
Preys Upon Woman's
Imagination.
Mrs. Russell's Husband Tells
of Wife's Unfortunate
Predicament*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
11S Broadway, Nov. 2.
Beli«f In the prognostications of a for
tune-teller has upset- the mind of Mrs.
Martha E. Russell, wrecked the home of
her husband and made motherless their
r three pretty children. Upon the testi
mony l i medical experts, the husband and
the unfortunate woman herself Mrs. Rue
ell w.aa committed to the Stockton Insane
Asylum to-day by Judge Ogden, he hav
ing declared it unsafe for her to be at
large.
airs. Russell was brought to the Re
ceiving Hospital this mornirfg by her hus
band. "W. J. Russell of 254 East Sixteenth
street, who told the hospital attendants
that he feared for the lives of himself and
children at the hands of the wife and
mother. Later Judge Ogden sat in in
duiry upon Mrs. Russell to determine
upon her sanity. Her husband said that
he held fortune-tellers and spirit mediums,
whom his wife had consulted, responsible
Jor her condition.
One of them, he declared, had told her
that the was destined to become insane,
and the thought of going to an insane
asylum had so preyed upon her mind that
at last it had become unhinged. Up to a
ear ago Mrs. Russell had enjoyed good
mental and physical health, but when
upon ;.he advice of friends, she began con
sulting mediums she began to lose her
mental balance, until finally the revela
tion that she would become Insane had
broken her down completely.
To the spectator Mrs. Russell appeared
to be anything but insane. She Is a
handsome young woman, well dressed and
talks fluently and rationally until she gets
upon the subject of mediums, when she
discloses her insane tendencies. She im
agines that she is being pursued for writ
ing- anonymous letters in behalf of her
husband and wants to kill him and the
children in order to save them from prose
•cutior..
Water Front Notss.
Among the departures yesterday was
the barkentine Archer for Hawaii."
The Belgian King, which is taking a
load of wheat from here to Europe, put
Into Coronel on the 18th of October
The Kosmos liner Sesostris will call at
Ensenada to load flour for South Amer
ica.
The French bark Henrietta will load
lumber at Portland for England. She
was to have taken a cargo of wheat, but
her decks are leaking:. The lumber will
be seat to the Columbia River from Eu-
Everything has its disadvantages: if you
are a": the head of the procession you
can't scat or slow up a moment, and if you
are at the foot, you get all the dust.
{ HOW I CURE ]
| WEAK, PUNY MEN. 1
• ©
• Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, hard work •
© or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow ©
2 my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every re- 5
§ ect as any man of his age. £
O I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never ©
• intended by nature to be strong and sturdy. ' Even that man I can make ©
• better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his •
© strength I can make as good as he ever was. 9
9i I can give back to any man what he has lost by abuse of the laws of 2
%# o
a nature. q
0 A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps q
f) badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis- %
© couraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost am- #
• btion and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity •
© which the Dr. McLauehlin Electric Belt supplies. •
5 The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your ani- 5
£ mal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man- S
© ncr my Belt will replace it. and will cure you. . g
£ Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton, Cal., writes Oct. 1: "Although you are A
m a stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and a
a friend, and I am more than grateful to you. Already I can feel the vigor of Z
S new life in my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success ha 5
• your work." Jg
5 Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. S
a They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from £
0 useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. 9
• My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It •
• braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a •
O " * ' ©
2 * I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted 2
a twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every- S
O thing else has failed are mv best arguments. 9
m Mr Roy Burks, McKittricks, Cal., writes: "From the first night I wore m
J5 the belt I felt new life in every part of my body. The drain stopped tame- a
2 tely and I am now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I 2
S thought of the belt, for in no other way could the money bring me so much 5
©. pleasure." 2
S Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles S
O or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his. shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica $
• in his hip, Lumbago. Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt #
© will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign #
© of pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. ' •
O Mr J. I*. Baird of Orland. Cal.. writes October 13: "My back is entirely •
© well and I would not take $100 for my belt if I could not get another. It •
• is the best thing on earth for a lame back." 0
• They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or •
9 hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric 5
n B<"lt Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what %
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what J
0 you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is «0
• th:re a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure, and •
• as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You ©
© must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look* to you for S
2 their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought S
c not be delayed. 9
0 It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes 0
0 DO trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no •
© sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. .i, :; '\ > V ©
© Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man ©
2 likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed free. %
(^ Cut out this ad. 5
© fir M C Mcl nudhlin 702 MARKET STREET •
0 Ui. ilt V. lYllrLiClVglllllly Cor. Kearny. San Francisco. Q
• Office Hours— a. m. to 8:20 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. 0
•#••••••••#•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••00
SON OF LATE PIONEER ARCHITECT
WEDS A YOUNG LADY OF GILROY
William Patton Jr. of Alameda Takes as His Bride
Miss Fannie May Philhouer, the Marriage Being
Solemnized at Rev. Alfred Kummer's. Home
ALAMEDA, Nov. 2.— William Pat
ton Jr., eldest son of the late
Architect William Patton, made
Miss Fannie May Philhouer of
Gilroy his \>ride this afternoon
at 1:30 o'clock. The marriage ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Alfred Kum
mer, formerly of Alameda, at his home
in San Jose. But a few relatives and
intimate friends witnessed the wedding,
which was marked by a simplicity of de
tail.
After returning from their honeymoon,
which Is to be spent in the interior of the
State, Mr. and Mrs. Patton will reside hi
this city at 2524 Eagle avenue, where the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
GILROY BELLE WHO BECAME
/ THE BRIDE OF AN ALAMEDA
MAN.
groom has fitted up a cozy home for the
reception of his bride.
Mr. Patton has lived here since boy
hood and is widely known and popular.
His father was one of the pioneer archi
tects of California and designed the City
Hall of San Francisco. The elder Patton
left a valuable estate, which is now
emerging from litigation. William Pat
ton Jr. and his brother, C. A. Patton, are
heirs to the property.
Mr. Patton's bride is the daughter of
Mrs. Ellen Philhouer of Gilroy. She is a
young lauy of various accomplishments
and by reason of her gracious disposi
tion was a. favorite in the social circles of
the town in which she resided.
CHATJFFEITBS SEEKING
ADDITIONAL CONCESSIONS
Are Preparing to Again Move Upon
• the Park Commissioners to Have
Strictures Removed.
At the monthly meeting of the Auto
mobile Club of California held at the Cliff
House on Wednesday nSght, Dr. Tillman,
vice president of the club, was in the
chair. P. F. Rockett, C. C. Moore, Byron
Jackson, Dorville Libby and Robert C.
Lennie addressed those in attendant.
It was the consensus of opinion that the
chauffeurs should seek further conces
sions from the Park Commissioners. It
was decided to await the return of Presi
dent F. A. Hyde, who is now in the East,
before taking action.
Hitherto the directors and attorney of
the Automobile Club of California have
chiefly busied themselves with endeavor
ing to secure the passage of reasonable
ordinances by the various Boards of Su
pervisors in the counties lying round San
Francisco Bay, but in the future special
efforts will be made to develop the social
side of the club. The next run will be to
Niles Canyon, the winter, owing to the
absence of dust, being the pleasantest
season for automobiling in the country.
Hitherto nearly all the locally owned,
self propelled carriages have been and
still are steam vehicles of light weight
and construction, but it i 3 probable the
demand for heavier rigs of stronger con
struction and greater power will increase.
In order to test the radius of action of
the various types of vehicles it has been
suggested that there should be a race
from the city around the Day and back,
or to the top of Mount Hamilton and re
turn in a day, or to Los Angeles. The
owners and agents of all the types of
vehicles known here would be invited to
take part, and the details and results of
the trip or trips could not fail to be highly
interesting to chauffeurs and the public.
The great endurance and wide radius of
a good automobile would be clearly seen, j
The most powerful and speedy automobile
on the Pacific Coast is that of Charles L.
Fair, which is already here, though in the
hands of the customs officials. It is a
French machine of high power and cap
able of great speed. It is probable other
machines having powerful engines will be
brought to California.
Man and a Woman Attacked.
A young man giving his name as Ed
Hermann entered the Central Emergency
Hospital at 2 o'clock this morning, accom
panied by a young woman giving her
name as Miss Hamilton. Both were seek
ing treatment. Hermann was badly cut
and bruised about the face, and one of
the young woman's teeth had been
knocked out.
Hermann's story was that he was ac
companying Miss Hamilton home and
that at the corner of Fell and Franklin
streets three robbers attacked them Her
mann says he resisted and was knocked
down, $a,Deing taken from him. His com
panion had the tooth knocked out while
the men were trying to rob her.
Hermann says he fired a shot and his
companion blew a police whistle that she
had. Hermann says he believes he hit
one of the robbers, but the police could
find no wounded man.
Hermann lives near the entrance to the
Presidio.
Verdi Monument Fund.
The artists who have made the grand
opera season at the Tivoli such a grand
success will appear this afternoon in the
final matinee of the season. The proceeds
will be devoted to the benefit of the fund
to erect a monument to the memory of
the great composer, Verdi, -in this city
The curtain will be raised promptly at 2
o'clock and an excellent programme will
be rendered, consisting^ of gems from the
composer's ODeras.
BRITISH DEFEAT
GROWING WORSE
Kitchener Reports Death
of Three Additional
Officers.
Boers Declare the Onslaught
Is Forerunner of Vigor
ous Campaign.
LONDON. Nov. 2.— Lord Kitchener re
ports that three additional officers were
killed and that two more were wounded
during the attack recently made on the
rear guard of Colonel Benson's column
near Brakmenlaagte, Eastern Transvaal.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 2.— Boers in close
touch with South Africa declare that the
recent disaster to Colonel Benson's col
umn was the forerunner of a vigorous
campaign, the season being favorable for
swift concentration of commandos and
severe blows against isolated British col
umns.
Commandant General Groebler, who, it
is believed, participated in the Bethel
fight, is considered a second Delarey.
PRETORIA, Nov. 2.— Commandant Gen
eral Louis Botha is reported to have com
manded in person the attack upon Colonel
Benson's column. Botha's force has ef
fected a communication with another
commando which has been hovering
around Bethel lately.
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
PLAY IN TOURNAMENT
Cn Election Day the Club Men Will
s Try Conclusions With Doughty
"Colonel Bogey."
The opening round of the handicap
match play tournament of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club was completed yesterday,
three of the matches having been played
earlier in the week. H. C. Golcher,
scratch, beat George B. Cooksey, handi
cap six strokes, 4 up and 3 to play; John"
Lawson, scratch, beat C. R. Winslow,
handicap seven strokes, 5 up 4 to play;
S. L. Abbot Jr., scratch, beat J. S. Sever
ance, handicap 10, by default; J. H. Mcc,
handicap one stroke, won from R. Gil
man Brown, scratch, by default; W. H.
La Boyteaux, scratch, beat W. J. Dutton,
handicap six strokes, 4 up 2 to play; J.
W. Byrne, scratch, beat Leonard Chenery,
handicap six strokes, 4 up 3 to play;
Warren Gregory, scratch, beat Dr. T. G.
McConkey, handicap three strokes, 1 up;
and Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, scratch,
tied with Rolla V. Watt, receiving six
strokes, but in playing nine holes to de
cide the tie, won 2 up on twenty-seven
holes.
In the second round, which must be
finished by next Saturday evening, John
Lawson, scratch, will play H. C. Golcher,
handicap 3; S. L. Abbot Jr., scratch, will
play J. H. Mcc, handicap 4; J. W. Byrne,
scratch, will play W. H. La Boyteaux,
handicap 6; and Warren Gregory, scratch,
will play Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, handi
cap 2.
On election day there will be a compe
tition over eighteen holes against
"bogey," the first two rounds played
counting for score.
Otis Wins Nassau Handicap.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2.— Latonia result*:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Annu won,
Spaldy second. The Geeser third. Time, 1:15 V».
Second race, one mile, selling— Winter won,
Dolly»Wagner second, Ecome third. Time, 1:43.
Third race, six furlongs— lnventor won. Pep
per Dick second, Harry New third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Erema won, Lyror
Belle second. Time, 1:16. Two starters.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile and seventy
yards — Jessie Jarboe won, J. H. Sloan second,
Johnny McCartney third. Time. 1:45.
Sixth race, one acid a "half milaa, selling —
Wood Trice won, Enghurst second. Zazel third.
Time, 2:39H-
Seventh race, Blx furlongs, selling — John
Gri&sby won, Suave second, Jim Nape third.
Time 1:15.
LOriSVILLE, Ky., Nov. 2.— Douglass Park
results:
First race, seven furlongs — Jake Weber won,
Springwells second. J J T third. Time. 1:13%.
Second race, five furlongs — Saale won. Flor
ries second, Irresistible third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, one mile— Advocator won, Salve
second. Bengal third. Time, 1:41V4.
Fourth race, gentlemen riders, one mile— Pan
Charm won, Mr. Brookwood second, Candatas
third. Time, I:4S.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Sister Sa
rah won. Called Back second, Buccleuth third
Time, 1:07^.
Sixth race, Eelling, mile and an eighth— Elsie
Barnes won. Dr. Clark second, Aurea third.
Time, 1:56.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Aqueduct results:
First race, selling, seven furlongs — Dr. Rid
dle won. Royal Sterling second, The Rogue
third.. Time, I:2H.
Second race, selling, mile and seventy yards—
Althea won, Mercer second, Raffaelo * third.
Time, 1:46 3-5.
Third race, the Nassau handicap, six furlongs
— Otis won. Flora Pomona second. Bijou third
Time, 1:15 1-5.
Fourth racf, handicap, mile and seventy
yards— Ben McDhul won. St. Finnan second Po
tente third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlong_s— Sister Ju
liet won, Bon Mot second, Nametor third. Time
1:08.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards— The
Rhymer won, Ethics second, Baitsar Lady
third. Time, 1:46.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Lakeside results:
First race, one mile, selling— Helen Paxton
won, Cora Havlll II second, Moroni third.
Time, 1:42 3-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Nellie
Waddell won. Duke of Connaught second,
Golden Glitter third. Time. :r,4 4-5.
Third race, six furlongs— Andes won, St.
Cuthbert second, Bummer third. Time, 1:14.
Fourth race, five furlonss-Burnle Bunton
won, Money Muss second, Sea Queen third.
Time, 1:00 2-5.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Hermencia
won, Orontas second, Omdurman third. Time,
1:52 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Henry of Franstamar
won, Sarllla second, Federal third. Time,
1:40 1-5.
Seventh race, one mile— Llndenella won,
Crosby second, Homage third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
Hearst Presented With Loving Cup.
The members of the Examiner staff gave
a banquet last evening to W T illiam R.
Hearst at the Palace Hotel. Ninety-two
persons were present and a most enjoy
able evening was rpent. Ed H. Hamilton
presided and made the hit of the evening
by his clever speech. Before the party
broke Mr. Hearst was presented with a
handsome loving cup by the members of
his staff as a slight token of esteem.
ROCKETS WILL
TELL RESULTS
OF ELECTION
W'w j ATCH for signals
% /», / from the don^ of
' ? T The * Call building
telling the result of
the municipal election. As soon
as the returns show to a cer
tainty the choice of the people
for Mayor rockets will be sent
up, telling by their color who
has been chosen. If Tobin is
elected white ; rockets will be
set off. If Schmitz be the win
ner the signals will be red. If
Wells be chosen green rockets
will tell the story. Remember
the signals:
TOBIN . WHITE
SCTTMTTZ ..... ... ... . . BED
WELLS . . . ....... ... GREEN
Bulletins giving election
news from all over the country
as well as locally* will be
thrown upon a screen in front
of The Call building by a
stereopticon.
GERMAN RESIDENTS OF OAKLAND
UNITE TO MAKE BALL A SUCCESS
Ladies of the Relief Society Will Welcome Their Friends of All Nationali
ties and Assure the Visitors an Evening of Thorough Enjoyment.
Proceeds Will Be Devoted to Charities Supported by Organization
OAKLAND, Nay. 2.— The Qerman
colony of Oakland has united to
make the annual ball of'the Ger
man Ladies' Relief Society, to be
Riven at Germania Hall on Tues
day evening next, a complete success. At
that time the ladies of the Relief Society
will welcome their friends of all nation
alities and will give all visitors an even
ing of thorough enjoyment. There will
be plenty of dancing, with music by
Lercher's orchestra. A supper will be
served during the evening in the banquet
hall. Souvenir programmes will be issued,
and the ladles and gentlemen who are
connected with the affair feel that their
hard work will be crowned with success.
The proceeds will be devoted to the very
large and careful charity work of the Re
lief Society.
The committees who have charge of the
affair are as follows:
Committee of arrangements— Mrs. H. L
Haelke (president of the society), Mrs. J.
Many, Mrs. C. Hesse, Mrs. S. Slmmen and Mrs.
F. Roundy.
Reception committee— J. F. W. Sohst, Robert
JUDGES SELECT
PRIZE-WINNERS
Pleasanton Racing Meet
Closes a Complete
Success.
PLEASANTON, Nov. 2.— Pleasanton's
horse fair and racing meet is over and the
public-spirited citizens who united to
make the affair a success are being con
gratulated upon the result. A success it
certainly was, for visitors came from all
parts of Alameda County and even from
as far away as Concord and the San Ra
mon Valley. For two days the town has
been filled to overflowing with visitors.
When they began to take their homeward
way this afternoon it was with the unani
mous opinion that they had been given a
most cordial welcome and a good time
during their visit.
The feature of this morning's pro
gramme was the stock parade on the
track and the awarding of prizes. The
judges for this event were James Rea of
San Jose, William Clark of Concord and
John Slaven of Oakland. They inspected
every entry and after the parade the fol
lowin? awards were made:
Best team of Shetlands— G. A. Davis, Pleas
anton.
Best single buggy horse— R. E. Revalk's
horse Examiner of Oakland.
Best family carriage horse — N. D. Dutcher of
Livermore, animal from stallion Warren.
Best family driving horse — G. A. Davis of
Pleasanton, animal from stallion Ray Direct.
Best carriage team— G. A. Davis of Pleasan
ton.
Best road team— Sam Vandervoort of Irving
ton. *
Best draft stallion — First prize, Rock, owned
by J. C. Mowry of Irvington; second prize,
Homeo, owned by A. Glass of Concord.
Best draft mare— First prize, Juliet, owned by
A. Glass of Concord; second prize, Bay Bess,
owned by E. Harlan of San Ramon.
Best colt— X-Ray, owned by G. A. Davis of
Pleasanton.
In the afternoon the racing events were
given. The juflges for the afternoon were
C. F. Homer, Supervisor from this dis
trict; Sam Gamble, and George Reed. The
results were as follows:
TnHting, 2:15 class, $300, purse.
Alta Vela (F. A. Whlpple) 11l
Thomas R (C. F. Bunch) 2 2 3
Dan W%r. B. Albertson) 3 3 2
Florodora (Ed Lafferty) 4 4 4
Time— 2:lsVi. 2:16 2-5. 2:lS?i.
Special, Golden Gate Driving Club's purse,
pacing.
Mack (D. Lessenger) 3 111
Sable La Grand (D. Misner) 12 2 2
Al Lundy (J. OKane) 2 3 3 3
Eden Vale (A. Jacobs) 4 4 4 4
Tlme-2:25. 2:22%, 2:19^. 2:22^.
Special race for buggy horses owned in Mur
ray Township, purse $100 and W0 buggy robe
Lottie Vernon (Edward Water) 1 1
Hattie (J. Chadburn) 2 2
Butterfly (D. Meshima) 3
Time— l:49, 1:48%.'
Special running race, six furlongs, purse $75-
W J B won, Idaho Chief second, San Augustin»
third. Himera fourth.
During the afternoon Flying Jib, the fa
mous pacer that still holds the world's
record of 1:58%, paced a quarter of a mile
in 30 seconds. Flying Jib is 15 years old
and this is a remarkable record for a
horse of that age. G. A. Davis drove the
animal in making this quarter of a mile
The ball last night was a success in
every way. there being one hundred
couples on the floor.
Louis T. Ware.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 2.— Louis T. Ware,
a pioneer resident of this county, died to
day at his home near Soquel. He was a
native of Illinois and aged 67 years.
SOME MEMBERS OF OAKLAND'S GERMAN COLONY WHO ARE TAK
ING A GREAT INTEREST IN THE COMING ANNUAL BALL OF THE
GERMAN LADIES 1 RELIEF SOCIETY.
ADDITIONAL DEATH LIST
FBOM THE PHILIPPINES
Large Number of Uncle Sam's Sol
diers Succumb to Dysentery
and Fever.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln has received the following
mail report of deaths in the Philippines
from General Chaff ee:
Dysentery— Alexander H. Robinson. Seventh
Infantry: Edwin F. Lotter, Eighteenth In
fantry; Owen M. Denley, Eighth Infantry; Ed
mund B. Brewster, Thirteenth Infantry;
Charles T. BoettKer, chief trumpeter band.
Fourth Cavalry; Oda K. Appel. Third Cavalry;
John C. Orr. assistant surgeon, U. S. V. ;
Charles A. Folsch, Sixth Cavalry; Eugene A.
Rebholz, First Cavalry; George L. K. Parker,
Eighteenth Infantry; Morgan J. O'Connell, cor
poral. Sixth Cavalry.
Dianhoea— Howard M. Daley. Sixth Cavalry;
Stephen .1. Holmes, Fifteenth Infantry.
Drowned, bodies recovered — Thomas L.
O'Neal I. corporal. Fifteenth Infantry. July 24;
John M. Naudain, corporal. Tenth Infantry;
Cordello D. Elmer, musician. Thirteenth In
fantry; John W. Harris, sergeant. Sixth Cav
alry.
Escaped, deserted, shot and killed by cor
poral iiid detail — Fr<>d Hunter, Ninth Cavalry;
John Stoltz, Forty-saventh Infantry. U. S. F.
Enteritis— George S. Miner, Nineteenth In
fantry; Emll J. Lundenbourgr. First Cavalry-
Typhcid fever — Jesse Whittintcton. Fourth
Infantry; Adelphi Haller, Sixth Infantry; Eu
gene Lee, Berxeant, Twenty-sixth Infantry;
Frank A. Skibbio. sergeant. Fourth Infantry;
Henry O'Neall. Fourteenth Battery Artillery;
Michael Carney. Nineteenth Infantry.
Malar'al fever— Ernest L. Stusser. Thirteenth
Infantry; Frank T. Stokes, Tenth Cavalry;
John TV. Evans, engineer.
Nephritis— Henry F. Wolferman, Thirteenth
Infantry; William P. Stone, artillery, Thir
teenth Infantry; Ulysses G. Taylor, sergeant.
Twenty-sixth Infantry.
Accidentally killed by train— James B. Ke
hoe, Third Infantry.
Result of gunshot wound in action— Judaon
McGrew, First Infantry.
Variola— Thomas C. Hattenfeld Sixteenth In
fantry.
School Principal Perishes.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 2.-J. B. Orr, prin
cipal of the Central School of Kansas
City. Kar.s.. was burned while building a
fire in the kitchen range this morning and
died of his injuries. He was using coal
oil to kindle the fire and an explosion fol
lowed, setting fire to hi 9 clothing. He
rushed into the open air and this gave th.3
flames added impetus. Finally he sank to
the ground unconscious after his clothing
had been burnc-d completely from hin
body. When neighbors arrived he was
barely alive. The flesh was burned from
head to ankles and he had inhaled the
flames. He died in horrible fcgony. Mr.
Orr was 38 years of age. Mrs. Orr was
painfully burned in trying to aid her hus
band.
Funeral of John L. N. Shepard.
BERKELEY. Nov. 2.— Funeral services
of the late John L. N. Shepard. the pio
neer chemical manufacturer of this coast, .
were held this afternoon from the family
residence, 2703 Dwight way. Rev. George
B. Hatch of the First Congregational
Church of this city conducted the burial
ceremony in the presence of assembled
friends and relatives. The interment in
Mountain View Cemetery was conducted ;
privately. The following named were pall
bearers; Judge John Garber, A. J. Rals
ton, William de Fremery, Charles Hoff
man, Fred Thomas, L, C. Kerr. Maxwell
McNutt, Will Thomas, Shepard Eells,
Donald Turnbull, N. B. Kerr and C. P.
Eells.
Association Football Match.
The Vampire Association Football Club
Df San Francisco played the first game
3f this season yesterday on the Presidio
athletic ground against a team of ap-
Drentices from British ships now in har
Kuerzel, Julius Seulberger, J. Many. J. Hen
nings, S. Slmmen, Paul Uth and J. Ne poach.
Floor mana*ei^-Henry Feldmann.
Floor committee— H. Sagehorn, F. Stoer. F.
Slnram and G. Haselbacher.
The officers of the society are:
President. Mrs. H. L. Haelke; vice president,
Mrs. J. Baumann: secretary. Mrs. F. Werutn;
financial secretary. Mrs. M. Ilsen; treasurer,
Mrs. J. Xeppach.
bor. The game was somewhat slow, both
teams displaying an evident lack of prac
tice. The sailors won by two goals to one,
George T. S. White kicking the goal
obtained by the Vampires. The Vampire
team was made up as follows: Chambers,
captain; Wilding. Turner. White, Hunter.
Williamson, Bishop. Shaw and a substi
tute. The sailors' team consisted of
Autrobus, captain; Whytr", McCoy. Rev.
A. Karney. Nolan. Moffltt-Jones, Watkins,
Ward and Devine. Autrnbus formerly
played for the Blackburn Rovers, a well
known English football club.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Frederick Dehn».
25, and Florence Kilpatrick, 28, both of
San Francisco; Peter Karl Sorenaen, 30.
San Francisco, and Cacilie Enemark. 23,
Oakland: Henry C. Boyer. 31, and Martha
T. Hussey, 32, both of Oakland; Charles
L. Miller. 47. Alameda, and Anna A. Han
sen, 34, Oakland; John Green, over 21, and
Catherine Mulligan, over 18, both of Oak
land.
Specialists
tMen
Without
WEAKNESS
There Is no such condition as weakness la
a man under fifty years of age, other than gen-
eral debility. Prematurer.ess loss of vitality,
etc., are but •ymptoms of some damage to th*
reproductive system. In looking for ihe loca-
tion of this damage we generally flnn an en-
larged, swollen and inflamed prostate gland.
As this gland is the very center of the repro-
ductive system it can readily be understood
that inflammation of It must cause disordered
function. These cases are promptly benefited
by proper treatment, otherwise the patient goea
from bad to worse. The essential point In all
of them is the necessity of the cure of *.he focu»
of the trouble In th« prostate. Many men hay«
unsuccessfully treated for a weakness and be-
come discouraged, when If an antiphlogistic
plan of treatment had been adopted instead of
tonics, a cure would have been the result. In
our experience there is no drug In the Phar-
macopeia, taken Into the stomach, that win
even benefit this class of cases. Oir Dlan of.
treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt
results are obtained, aa Indicated by increased
circulation and return of natural vl*or
colored chart, which we mail on application, i*
interesting to any one wishing to study th»
anatomy of the male.
Contracted Disorders.
Under the treatment pursued befor? irriga-
tions were established six weeks was deemed
the duration of an acute contracted disorder.
If It proceeded beyond six weeks It wa.*
sidered to have gone Into chronic condition.
From statistics comslled from our oractlce In
the past five years, covering over 4500 cases.
we can show that 90 per cent of our patlentJ
have recovered In fourteen days or less. It Is.
therefore, equally proper to hold that a -as*
not entirely cured within two weeks must b«
considered a chronic one, and some complica-
tion has arisen for which the patient should
¦cc a specialist. We invite f>e« consultation
on this subject, and offer an experience of ov«r
twenty years: in fact, we can positively assert
that we have never failed to cure In a slnjl*
Instance.
OR. TALCOTT *CO., 997 M«rket SU
3536
JAMES HUNTER
CHARGES FRAUD
Asks Appointment of
Receiver for a Big
Lumber Company.
Sues for an Accounting of
Transactions Made by
Directors.
In a suit filed yesterday by James
Hunter against Thomas Pollard, Colvln
Stewart, Mrs. Frauds Stewart, Thomas
Johnson and others it Is alleged that as
directors of the Bear Harbor Lumber
Company the defendants entered Into a
fraudulent combination for the purpose of
cheating 1 and defrauding: the stockholders
of the lumber company. Hunter, who
owns 250 shares of stock In the corpor
ation, prays for the appointment of a re
ceiver and that an order be Issued from
the court directing: the board of directors
to acoount for their alleged fraudulent
acts.
Hunter makes charges as follow*:
That the- directors refused to call a
meeting of the stockholders, thereby per
i>etua.tln£ themselves &s officers and direc
tors of the company; that they failed to
: report to the stockholders sales made and
t.he amounts received since March, 1893,
for the products of the Bear Harbor Lum
ber Company, amounting to about $9*4.
•OK); th*t Thomas Pollard, the well known
ship owner, as manager of a steamship
| company hauling the products of the
company, charged exorbitant rates for
freight, and as treasurer of the company
held the same out from the funds of the
corporation; that Calvin Stewart drew
"COO monthly since October, 1898. from the
funds of the corporation Tor services
"which he never performed and that he
paid to the members of his family sal
. erles amounting In all to $8000 for services,
¦which, Hunter alleges, were never ren
dered the. Bear Harbor Lumber Company.
He also charges Stewart with taking
from the till at the office of the company
.various sums, without accounting' for
them,
Hunter still further alleges In his com
plaint that Thomas Johnson, bookkeeper
I for the company, took from the funds of
the company various large sums, for
•which he refuses to account-
Hunter also alleges that Pollard. Stew
art and Johnson published false reports
of the condition of the business of the
company.
COMING CONTEST
IN TEN STATES
Precautions in Greater
New York Against
Fraud.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Police Commis
sioner Murphy issued a general order to
the members of the police department to
day. In which he defines their duties on
election day and in which he directs them
to render to the State Superintendent of
Elections and his deputies assistance in.
the enforcement of the election laws. This,
together with a copy of the letter sent to
each officer, was forwarded to-day by
Murphy to Superintendent McCullagh. to
gether with a letter ¦which is an answer
to the letter of Mr. McCullagn addressed
to the Commissioner a few days ago,
calling attention to statements that at
tempts would be made to vote illegally.
Murphy assured jMcCullagh that the po
lice would do everything in their power
to prevent illegal voting.
Both sides in the contest in Greater
New York to-night practically closed the
campaign as far as speaking is concerned.
Shepard and Low made their last
speeches, and the Fu.=loni«=ts have an
nounced no more meetings. The Demo
crats, however, have several meeting*
scheduled for to-morrow (Sunday) night.
To-night immense meetings were" held by
both sides all over Greater New York.
Election betting in Wall street during
the two hours ot business was heavy in
volume and very brisk. Odds were for the
most part 10 to 8 and 10 to 9 on Low. The
two features of the betting, apart from
the volume of scattered bets, were the
large amount of Shepard money placed on
the Stock Exchange during the morning
and the large offers of Shepard money
both on the floor and "curb" just before
the close, with the result that the last
Mayoralty bet placed on the curb was
made at even money.
Activity in Ohio. .«
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2— On account of
the death of President McKinley the Ohio
campaign began at a much later date than
usual. The Republicans had their meet
ing October 19. and had eleven days of
campaigning. The Democrats opened their
campaign October 23, and had only eight
days. For this reason there will be some
meetings next Monday, notabiy the meet
ing to be addressed by Senator Hanna at
Klyria. Senator Hanna has been speak
ing several times each day since the Re
publican opening and Governor Nash has
done likewise. During the past week Sen
ator Foraker, who is a candidate for re
election In this campaign, has traveled
by special trains and addressed the people
along his route between the hours of his
afternoon and evening rallies. In addition
to the State candidates, Senators and
Congressmen, the Republicans have had
many speakers from other States, includ
ing Speaker Henderson and several Con
gressmen. '
The Democratic speakers have been lim
ited to Colonel Kilbourne and his asso
ciates on the Democratic State ticket and
other Ohio speakers. There have been no
speakers from other States on the stump
Early in the campaign it was proposed to
have ex-Senator Hill of New York Then
others wanted Colonel Bryan. Then it
was decided that neither of these distin
guished Democrats would participate in
the campaign and the conservative policy
was also extended to Ohio speakers, so
that Democrats who had been prominent
either as gold or silver advocates were not
assigned in the speaking canvass. John
R. McLean, the Democratic candidate
against Governor Nash two years ago. has
made no speeches. It has been reported
ever since the Democratic speaking cam
paign opened that he would be in Ohio
very soon, but up to to-night he is still in
"Washington, and the discussion among
the Democrats and Republicans regard-
Ing his attitude is a feature of the cam
paign. None of the Democratic Congress
B HHHHKHHBUHMBB BBBBBBBHBHBBa BUUaH
I VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY [
g FOR MEN.... 3
¦ ~~^^~~ ' MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS HAVE BEEN IN 5
B iSCfV • US °l cr - fifty , ear by th leaders of the Mormon Church I
¦ li*l?*?Ia a " d th « r followers. Positively cure the worst cases in D
S jNL^JH old and young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- ¦
S Pi^ii ' ,tlon!,, tlon !, ex cesses or cigarette-smoking, Cure Lost Man- ¦
B I®>VJS hood, . Im « nnyc y- Lost Power, Night Losses, Insomnia, g
§ ml^ ' ins A" Back. Lame Back ' Nervous Debility Head- !
S vSBP' X!? 1 If tnes V . Marry, Varicocele or Constipation, !
¦ —^r- Stop Nervous Twitching of. Eyelids. Effects are im- m
Sjg^* Imparts viKor and —^ _. potency to every function. ¦
Q Dont get despondent; a cure£^#j| is at hand. Stimulate the 1
B brain and nerve centers; S oc a £%\ f box; 6 for $2.50 by mail A ¦
g .written guarantee to cure KJ V oofr f money refunded with 6."
g boxes. Circulars free. Address CBNTS BISHOP REMEDY CO, 40 ¦
q Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. WD " 1 «>. . ' ¦
¦ GRANT DRUG CO., 38 and 40 Third St. ¦
EiBDFtBBBIZDEBBDBEBIBHBSSeEBBEDBIiIBaEHBBBBBBBBBD
VEREIN EINTRACHT PLANS A GRAND
REOPENING OF RENOVATED BUILDING
Elaborate Preparations Are Being Made to Hospitably Welcome an Immense
Audience and to Illustrate the Versatility of the Members of the Society
by Songs, Gymnastics, Addresses and Other Amusement Features
SHUTTING OUT
PAUPER LABOR
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Commissioner
! General Powderly of the Immigration Bu
| reau has entered into an agreement with
the principal steamship and railroad lines
of Canada for the regulation of immigra
tion to the United States through Canada.
This agreement, which takes the place of
the arrangement which expired three
days ago, is regarded as much more fa
vorable to the United States than the
last one, and will be much better in keep
ing out the prohibited classes of Immi
grants.
It provides that aliens arriving in Can
ada, destined to the United States, shall
be inspected at Halifax, N. S., Quebec,
Point Louisa, Vancouver, St. John, N. 8.,
and Victoria, B. C, by United States Com
missioners, who shall Issue certificates to
such as are fitted to enter this country
and the holders of these certificates Bhall
be entitled to enter the United States at
any of the above named places without
further examination. The examinations
at this point shall be similar to those con
ducted at the ports of the United States.
AU aliens adjudged Inadmissible shall be
returned to Uie countries from which they
came by the lines bringing them over.
men In Ohio have participated In the
speaking except Dr. J. A. Norton, who
was called out when the campaign was
opened in his district. It is supposed that
ex-Congressman Lentz, who is a neighbor
of Colonel Kilbourne at Columbus, offered
his services, but he was not given any as
signments.
The contest this year is squarely, be-
I tween the Republicans and the Demo
1 crats. There Jp no third party of any such
j consequence as that of two years ago.
Contests in Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 2.— Elections
will be held on Tuesday throughout Ken
tucky for members of the Assembly, who
will elect a successor to Senator Deboe for
I the term beginning March 5, 1902, for coun
ty officers and for municipal officers in the
cities of the first, second and third class.
The present State Senate stands: Demo
crat!", 26; Republicans, 13. Half of those—
eight Democrats and eleven Republicans —
hold over.
Of the nineteen Senators whose terms
expire seventeen were elected as Demo
crats. Of the nineteen Senators to be
elected the Democrats claim they will cer
tainly elect fourteen. The Republicans
claim six certainly and possibly eight.
The present House stands: Democrats,
60; Republicans, 40. No member of the
iouse holds over.
There are four Democratic candidates—
Ex-Governor James B. McCreery, Charles
K. Wheeler, present Congressman from
the First District; David H. Smith, pres
ent Congressman from the Fourth Dis
trict, and Judge James E. Cantrill, the
Circuit Judge before whom the men
charged with complicity In the assassina
tion of Governor Goebel have been tried.
On joint ballot the General Assembly now
stands 8C Democrats to 52 Republicans, a
Democratic majority of 34.
Where Republicans Will Win.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Re-estimates of
! the results of the New Jersey election
| next Tuesday, which will be printed in the
i Press to-morrow: Republican estimate of
plurality for Murphy for Governor, 18,100.
Democratic estimate of plurality for Sey
mour for Governor. 8000.
DBS MOINES, lowa, Nov. 2.-The politi
] cal campaign in this State was practically
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNJ)AY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
A GRAND reopening of the newly
renovated Verein Eintracht hall,
"at 237 Twelfth street, is sched
"uled for to-night. The occasion
will be the thirty-seventh anni
versary of the organization of the so
ciety, and everything In the line of en
tertainment that the members of the or
ganisation can devise for the pleasure of
the invited guests will be utilized.
Since the hall has been renovated It is
one of the best places of entertainment In
the city. New electrical appliances have
been Installed, end It is proposed to make
use of them as a special feature on the
opening night. The programme, consist-
Ing of a large number of entertaining
specialties, has been arranged with great
TERRIBLE DEATH
OF A SALESMAN
Henry Rosenblum, a salesman for Ro
senthal & Co., manufacturers' agents, 226
Bush street, was Instantly killed yester
day morning- while trying- to escape from
a runaway elevator in that building.
Shortly after 8 o'clock Rosenblum and
Miss Josie Godfrey, who works In the
same building, got into the elevator on
the ground floor, Edward Rigney of 356
Chestnut street In charge. When the sec
ond floor was reached the elevator passed
from the control of the boy and he was
unable to stop it. Rigney shouted to Ro
senblum and Miss Godfrey that the ele
vator was running away and would carry
them through the roof, and they became
panic-stricken. When the third floor was
reached the boy and Rosenblum attempt
ed to shove open the sliding door on that
floor, and in doing so Rosenbltim's head
and shoulders were caught between the
door and the floor of the cage and he was
jammed in bo small a space that when the
fourth floor was reached the elevator
came to a standstill, the body serving as
a brake. The girl had fainted and the boy
aroused the inmates of the building with
his screams.
A squad of firemen were summoned anrl
they worked for nearly an hour before
they succeeded in extricating the dead
body of Rosenblum.
Rigney was arrested and was afterward
released. He explained the accident by
saying that the elevator, which was
driven by electricity, got out of order and
the rope slackened so that he lost all con
trol of it. When they came to the third
floor he caught hold of the door to open
it, but Rosenblum caught hold of his
hand, opened the door himself, and sprang
out. The elevator, which was moving all
the time, caught him and jammed him
against the shaft.
dosed to-night. The Republican State
Central Committee estimates that the
vote will be in the neighborhood of 450,000
and that the Republicans will have about
75,000 plurality on the State ticket. The
Democrats do not concede this and say
the plurality will not be much greater
than 40,000. There is an unknown quan
tity in the situation this year. The pro
hibition Republicans, especially those of
the Methodist persuasion, are dissatisfied
with the nomination of Cummins for
Governor on account of his well known
anti-prohibition record, and will either
vote the prohibition ticket or not at all.
This disaffection may swell the Prohibi
tion vote to 20,000 or more.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 2.— The elec
tions in South Dakota on Tuesday will be
confined to the selection of eight District
Judge? and the settlement of purely local
questions. The Republicans and Fusloh
ists have opposing candidates In all ex
cept the Sixth Judicial District, where
jthe Fusionists made no nomination It
is generally conceded that the Republi
cans will win in all districts except the
third, fifth and thirteenth, where both
sides make claims, with odds inifavor of
the Republicans. A very light Vote will
be polled.
In Nebraska and Kansas.
LINCOLN. Neb., Nov. 2.— The dullest
campaign known in Nebraska for ten
years practically came to a close to-day.
The vote will probably show a falling off
of 35,000 compared with a year ago. The
apathy among the rank and file is limited
to ro particular party, but was considered
up to a week ago to be most pronounced
among the Populists, who are, as usual
fused with the Democrats on the three
State officers to be elected. This apathy,
it is claimed, has in a measure been coun
teracted by the vigorous campaign which
William J. Bryan has been conducting for
the past ten days in the eastern and cen
tral counties. Mr. Bryan, while paying
some attention to national issues, has
made special appeal for a continued close
alliance between the Democrats and Pop
ulists.
Over signed statements. Chairman dc
France of the Populists and Chairman
Scott of the Democrats claim the election
of the fusion ticket by 10,000 to 15,000.
Chairman Lindsay said the Republican
plurality would be decisive. He declined
to give any figures.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 2.— A1l the coun
ties in Kansas will on Tuesday vote for
county and township officers. Tinder
the biennial election law, passed by
the last Legislature, all the regular
county officers will be voted for next
year. The election, though local, is in
teresting from the fact of it being the
first to be held under the anti-fusion law.
The Democrats and Populists after
much parrying have agreed to support
Democratic candidates. The Democrats
have thus advanced from third to second
place on the ticket. Strong efforts will be
made by both sides to carry the local
election, as the political complexion of the
next Legislature will depend very largely
on its outcome.
care and under able supervision.
Eight o'clock is the hour specified for
the curtain-raiser, but the guests will
have an opportunity to inspect the hail
for some time previous. As soon as th =
curtain rises the singing section will bo
heard in a song of welcome.
The turner section, the shooting section
and the singing section will then appear
in an allegorical tableau, after whicli
President John Hermann will deliver the
formal address of welcome. Another fea
ture will be a second tableau entitled
"The White Statue." Dancing will con
clude the evening's pleasures.
Seven hundred members of the Verem
Eintracht are interested in the success of
the celebration and will do all in their
power to make the guests of the evening
feel the full measure of unrestrained
German hospitality.
THREE OFFICERS OF THE
VEREIN EINTRACHT OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
ST. MARYS CATHEDRAL
BAZAAR COMES TO AN END
St. Mary's Cathedral bazaar was visited
by an exceedingly large crowd last night,
when the festival was practically brought
to a close. There was no regular pro
gramme of entertainment, but the people
amused themselves by Inspecting and
purchasing the beautiful articles which
were offered for sale at the various
booth?. The closing night will probably
be deemed the banner night, as the large
crowd was more disposed to liberality
than on any other occasion since the com
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••1
I Special Attractions |
j for This Week.
• LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, with flare flounce, trimmed J
% with satin band; value for $i£.oo. Sale ftrt J
J price..... OU.UU
2 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in tan, gray, blue and !
S red. Value for $15.00 and $2000. Sale (if) nn J
I Price OIU.UU J
• LADIES' BLACK SILK DRESS SKIRTS; AQ AA !
value for $15.00. Sale price VViUU I
g LADIES' BOX COATS, half tight fitting, in castor, \
• tan, blue and brown; value for $7.«r0. QF i\ii «
I Sileprice OO.UU I
i LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL COLLARETTES; 01 7C
J value for $3 00 Sale price 01, I J
• LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, 18 in. ft|Q rfl i
i long; value for $27.50. Sale price VlO.Ou !
8 LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, CLOTH CAPES, ASTRA- !
% CHAN CAPES; value for $4.oo and $c.oo. 00 ftH c
S Sale price OZ, U
8 «
© Suits Made to Order. Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
• Ladies Will Find the Above Lines the Greatest Bargains Ever Offered \
8 in Mew and Stylish Goods.
|j. O'BRIEN & CO., j
• 1146 MARKET STREET. j
MASKED ROBBER
QUICKLY CAUGHT
Policeman Dugan Boldly
Pursues and Takes
Highwayman.
Several Daring Hold-Ups Oc
cur in Various Parts
of the City.
While walking along Van Ness avenus,
near Jackson street, about 9 o'clock last
night Otto Fleissner, organist of the First
I Presbyterian Church, and Rex Hamlin, a
stenographer employed by the Standard
Oil Company, were held up by two
masked men, one of whom was armed
j with a revolver.
After being told to "line up" prepara
tory to being deprived of their valuables,
Fleissner suddenly took to his heels and
darted down Washington street. Hamlin
! wanted to follow him, but the pointed six
shooter caused him to remain in the high
waymen's company.
One of the robbers then searched him,
taking his purse, containing $2, a bunch
of keys ana a pocketknife. They theT
commanded him to "move on" under pen
i alty of death.
As soon as )>« got out of the sight of
i the robbers Fleissner went to the North
j End station, where he excitedly told th^
story of the hoid-up. Police Officer Dugaa
! happened to be present and he immediate
i ly started out to find the desperate pair.
Officer Fearlessly Pursues.
Scarcely had the officer emerged from
the station than he saw two men who
answered the description given of the
i highwaymen by the organist. Dugan ap
; preached them and as ne did so they ran
jin different directions. The officer fdl
j lowed one of them and after a short
I chase overtook him. He was taken to
the North End station and searched. The
purse and keys which they had taken
irom Fleissner were found in his shoe.
Fleissner was then sent for and on look
ing at the fellow positively identified him
as being one of the men who held up him
and his friend.
The prisoner, who is an ill-appearing in
dividual, gave his name as Frank Nelson
and claimed that he had recently come
from Colorado.
The other robber, up to a late hour last
night, had not been arrested.
Robert Dooley, alias Thompson, was ar
rested last nignt by Policemen H. Wilsoa
and M. T. Cooney and booked at the City
Hall station on a charge of robbery.
Dooley was pointed out to the officers
on Folsom ana Harriet streets by J. W.
Kramer, an employe of the Corporation
Yard, who claimed that he had* seen him
take a man into a doorway and rob him
When the prisoner was searched at the
station $80 in gold was found in his pock
ets and booked as evidence against him.
Aged Victim of Robber.
Later Detectives Regan and O'Connell
found an old man in the vicinity of the
robbery, who gave the name of Jame.; j
Hosie and claimed that he had been
robbed of more than $100 a short while
before. He was taken to the prison and
Dooley was brought before him. Hosio
positively identified Dooley as the man
who had robbed him.
An hour after Dooley's arrest Joseph
Bertram, residing at i>V 2 Columbia square,
called at the Southern station and hand
ed over $20 50 that he said had been !
picked up by hts sister, Mrs. Ross, in the j
doorway of her house at 1013V 2 Folsom !
street, where the robbery had taken
place.
Hosie is from Santa Rosa. He had been
drinking and had met Dooley in his trav
els.
James Roberts and Robert Galley, two
desperate-looking characters, were lodged
in the City Hall Station last night by Po
licemen ID. M. Owens and Robert Tobin and
charges of robbery and attempt to commit
robbery were placed against their names.
Early in the evening, at the corner of
Annie and Jessie streets, Robert K. Cloth
ier, a waiter, was approached by Roberts
and Galley, who solicited the price of a
meal. T'pon being denied one of the men i
threw his arm around Clothier's neck, and j
the other relieved him of $2 10. After ad- j
monishing Clothier at the point of a pis- !
tol to walk away and not to turn around :
the men left their victim.
Just a moment later, and but half a j
block away, the robbers encountered ¦
George Dilllstone, a plumber, and at- j
tempted to rob him. They demanded the I
man's purse and Dilllstone, in taking it
from his pocket,' struck at them and yelled
loudly for help.
Attracted by the cries the officers |
reached the scene in time to arrest both I
men. At this time Clothier made his ap- •
pearance, told of his experience and iden- !
tlfled the prisoners as the men who had
robbed him.
mencement of the fair.
Among the people who attended were !
many prominent in society. In order that j
all the articles which have remained un- i
sold at the different booths may be dls- I
posed of a special sale will be held on j
Monday night.
MISS BONNIE DELANO
» '- - - * ¦ *___ __2— — —
A Chicago Society Lady, v in a Letter
to Mrs. Pinkham, says:
"Of All the Grateful Daughters' to Whom Ton" Have
Given Health and Life None Are '
More Glad Than I"
£
What a reward for honest effort it is to receive such grateful acknowledg-
ment as is represented in Miss Delano's letter ; yet that letter, good as it is
and prominent in social life as is its writer, is only one of thousands which
Mrs. Pinkham is constantly receiving from women in all parts of the country
who have been restored to health and happiness, and the reason is easily
guessed— there is not a day, nay, scarcely an hour, when Lydia E. Pink-
' ham's Vegetable Compound is not bringing health and happiness back
into the life and home of some poor suffering girl or woman, who out of the
gladness and fulness of her heart hastens to write Mrs. Pinkham and tell her
all about it. . " > ;^ . ; 5!
MISS BONNIE DELANO.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: —Of all the grateful daughters to whom
you have given health and life, none are more glad than I.
" My home and ray life was happy until illness came upon me three
years ago. I first noticed it by being irregular and having very painful
and scanty menstruation ; gradually my general health failed ; I could
not enjoy my meals ; I became languid and nervous, with griping pains
frequently in the groins.
"I advised with our family physician who prescribed, but without any
improvement. One day he said, — 'TryLyclia Piukham's Remedies.'
I did, thank God the next month I was better, and it gradually built
me up until in four months I was cured. This is nearly a year ago and
I have not had a pain or ache since." — Bonnie Delano, 3248 Indiana
Aye., Chicago, 111.
The sure help for all ailing women is liydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. Women who have used it testify to this with one
voice.
. When the periods are painful or too frequent ; when the backache*
and headaches ¦ drive out all j ambition ; when the heart-breaking,
" dragged-down " sensation attacks you, when you are so nervous that
every trivial thing excites you, you may be certain that there is some
growing trouble fastening itself upon you. Do not let disease make
headway. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for her free advice,
and begin at once the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
Trustworthy proof is abundant that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound saves thousands of young women from dangers resulting from
organic irregularity, suppression or retention of the menses, ovarian or womb
troubles. What will cure the mother will cure the daughter, for their organ-
ism is the same and governed by the same laws. <*
APAAA REWARD. —We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000.
V*l!llll whlch ™il be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letter I
Ila II 1 1 is pot genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per- I
WW mission. Lydla E. Finkham Medicine Co., Lynn. MaaSi.
HEREAFTER THIS FIRM WILL
USE AS A TRADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIUM,
OPTICIANS>p HaT jGPAP H ' CAPW^ TI ».
642 Market st. instruments
UMDER CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE Fftll.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAiHANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OCEAN TBAVEIb
AMERICAN LINE.
Rw* TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. TMMIX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
St. Paul Nov. 20 St. Paul Dec. 11
Haverford Nov. -7 St. Louis Dec. IS
RED STAR LINE.
N*w York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Bouthwark Nov. 13[*Zeeland Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. 2C Frlesland Dec. 11
Hav°rford Nov. 27lSouthwark ..¦ Dec. 18
. 'Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
I. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO . ¦ -
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISfII
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR i
ncr First and Brannan streets at 1 d m*
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calline at i
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai an.i
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
Say Iff saUln* N 0 '"" ™ lV " ° n *»* •» I
S. HONGKONG MARU
• Saturday. November ii "iini
S. NIPPON MARU ..!..::..!.T.. * "' 1901
Wednesday. December *Yi"*i«ni
S. AMERICA MARU .......... ."„... .7* 1901
¦ Saturday, Janua-> "i" i mi
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rates • S? 2
freight and passage apply at company, off,. '
421 Market street, corner First ©woe. i
, W. H. AVERT. General A*ent^
oceanic s.s.co, ass&sT ;
— ¦¦ ... USE ro TAHITI.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu Samoa a ,
land and . .Thursday No V ™4^ in^ UCk ' '
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ' a ' m '
'.-Saturday. Nov "«"'»""
S. S. ' AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..?'".. P " m - j
OWI Puwpr.BhL 843 MarStSt.! X 'ill & S !
0MPAGNIS SENERAI.3 IRAKSATT
rRECT LINE TO IJAVRE-Parm NTI *"
bo..ling every Thursday instead *r m^fmii
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dl >r 42 SL TSk
North River, foot of Morton street l ™"""
£SfS9S33t£
Ticket, .old by ,U . rSjj^ Tlc&t i^SISi" 0 * I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAIT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L Steamers leave Broadway
afti^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
n^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
h^KSSb*. Xov - -. T. r_\ 17. 22. 11. Dec - I.
r|V^H& Change to company' 3 steamers
I |Bk9ITA? For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
2^^K For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
'. r^HSlrtßFvm i"i Pert Townsend. Seattle.
* ¦ Taeoma. Everett and New
"***«^ Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.
Nov. 2, 7 12. 17. '--. 27. I*ec. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and <>. N Rv. • at Seattle or Taeoma for N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Cay)— l:3o p. m., Nov.
3. 8. 13. IS, 23. 23. Dec. 3. *
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Re<londo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays,
9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
1 For further Information obtain the company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to char**
steamers, sailing days and hours erf sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. I?. St N. CO.
Only Staamahip Zilne «c»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to nil
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
XiOWBST I*.AT:ES».
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tnd MEALS.
S. COLUMBIA Sails Nov. 4, 14. 24, Dec. 4
S. GEO W. ELDER *
Sails Oct. 30. Nov. 9. 19, »
Steamer sails from foot of SDear St.. 11 a. m.
P.W.mTCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..I Montgm'y. 3. V.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
Bad South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU . Nov. 13 COLOMBIA ....Dec. 7
PALENA Nov. 3TUCAPEL Dec. 11
These steamer* are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American Tassenger servlc-.
(No change at Acapulco or mama.) Freight
and passenger office, 31S California street.
BALFOUR. QUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. & line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1103; Steerage, MO; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. S. Argyll sail*
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market ft.
.* F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STKATffE&S.
FOB I S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIB or MONTICELLO^
3:45 a. m.. 3.15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun."**
day. Sunday, 9:4 a a. m., 3.30 p. m. . Leaves
Vallejo 7. a. m.. 12:30 noon. i p. m., except
Eunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Tare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlsslon-st. docs. HATCH
BROS.ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRAIGHT FRONTS.
We have just received another shipment of those ribbon trimmed corsets
in a shorter length than the last lot and a little less price. See them in our
Z jrtnd. w. \\r know you will like them. They come in black only, with
jnnk, blue and black ribbon top and bottom; price.. . . *$2 OO per pair
CORSET COVERS, LONG AND SHORT.
We are going to make this our specialty this week. No house can show
Sow window variety at SUCh small prices as we can. See them in our
x- ~ "v fy • i s \
£* ijpCUdl mS&
£^ Monday \^
:*W\\ 50 dozen Ladies' Corset W vMwf \ 1
SKLJL / 1 Covers, made of fine cam- 1 I M^-J /
/—.^Ktii-V^l / bric ' has draw string at waist H& \fjja JPY/
*$Zl Wvfi A Hne " round yoke, lace trim- ffS W*bA
"*"" —^y/'jljj mcd. pearl buttons; ail sizes ! J^l vf/ .[^
l»3aT-P«OOf 1^ /II \ ¥!—• IP r< 1 JSJST-PROOF J*" / i\\A
"ALICIA" / I \ 1 \ Frirp ISr rJirh "BARBARA-/ a I V.W.J
' <J lIIWC I«JC CdUl. Ll 111 IHIIIIT/ r \
ALICIA, made of r5 ° dozen . Z f d j c& ' CC or set. et BARBARA, made
fine black sateen. Rovers, made of fine cambric, o f fi ne black Italian
: r ray and white Eng- V-shaped neck, hemstitched, and white French
lish eoutil, low bust .an ] ace trimmed pearl but- eoutil, curved bon-
and medium length. f""! f« ™? X,' l* 4 J front, bias cut ana
hip full, gored and tons, all sizes 32 to 44. fu n pored, silk lace-
blu cut: sizes 18 of»o f» • 1A r I. trimmed top; sizes 18
:^Price «1. Per P flCe \l)q fafa r^ air Price *^»
DORSET COVERS, made of fine cambric, in long and short lengths, round
and Y-shaped yokes, lace or embroidery trimmed. Price •. 2,"»e each
DORSET CO VEILS, made of fine cambric, round lace-trimmed yoke and
armlete, lace insertion trimmed, full front, with draw string. Price
CORSET COVERS, made of fine long cloth; we have "too* many* styles to
describe; they are all neatly trimmed in lace or embroidery. Price
oOc each
.Mm Or/en Promt 1 / F; led.
Crescent Corset Co.,
742-744 MARKET ST., I Successors to J ({57 BROADWAY
SAN FRANCISCO. j FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !#••»» mud wr«* «»•««• •«• nrri*« Ml
SAN Kit 4 M ¦*<«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
lea vi: — Fnoic October 6. 1901. — ihf.iti
¦;:O;>a Brnici*, buieuu, Eimir* and Sacra
uieuu>... , «-2."»r
'. :O» >. VaciriUe, Winters, Bumser " :65p
: :3u a H&rtiu-ez, baa Itauiuu. bllejo. Nai*.
I ifcum 4ll— i:<>s». •:S3p
8:Oua Duis, \Vuodia,ud. kuier.u Landing.
Mtr>6tiiie <<ro>ille T:33p
»:•«« Atlautic < »i»re«e-'>g,ler. and East 12:23p
»:<'ii» Niles, LEthritp, Stockton 7tX*t
»:^»O^^.,t-v Heudot*. Haulord, Vis&Ua,
rorterville 4:55f
•:X«* Shasta Express— Davis, WiUiami (for
liartlett Springs), Willows, bed
Bluff, Portland. ?>33r
•iSMa Ski .misc. Urerinore. su>cktou.
' lone, rtaeramriicfi. riacrrviUe.
M«r)»»i!l^, Chici. K«.l Illuff 4-.*9r
•i*»» Oa.ltdale.OhiDese.Soßora, Oarten... 4rC.'ir
«•:««» lUy«ra.rd, >'ilt« and V\»j hUtious.. 1 1:5.1 A
V •»«>* Vallejo lz:2oj
»:««a Lot Aape.cs Ei| 1 — Martiiiex,
Tracy. Ljatiirop. Stockton. M>-tc-d
Freauo and liois Anselea 7:23*
•:3«4 V»ll..]n. Martinez ami Way Stations ' ?:33r
1 v:«0a The o»erl»ml limited— Oedeu, L'ea-
»er, Omaha. Chicago «:»3p
1l:«'Or Bacr»iii«t>t." Kiter »ue«niers 15:O«a
3:3" p Uayirard. Nil-«»ii<l Way Htations... 7:»4r
4iiir II 1 la. Winters. Hacraiuenlu,
U'i>.»!lnn<l, Ki.itliU lauding,
M»|- } i.»i!ir. Orwville 1.:5»A
«:O«r Murtiut-7., Hm lUiiioii. Vullejc,
Ka| Onlintmca. Kntitu X'«» »i*3a
4rOOp Nile*, LiTermore, Stockton. Lo>'.i... 12:23p
«::i"i Usyn-ard. Mlvs.hau.toiw, Lirtrmore l»*4*
«:3«tj> fort Cub a. Tracy. Lattjup, St-ctt>ii» 1«:25a
»•• if The Ovl Limited — F>e*iiu, Tuiart.
lUkcrrlioitl. Saueiis fur Santa Itar-
l.nrK. lam Al,«rl« S:Ma
l:»(ipMtr::>z. Autioch, Stockton. ller-
oed, Fr<ssoo !*.-«»»
*:3«p N>w Orleans Eipre«t— MeDdota,
Fresno, Bakersneid, Los Angeles.
L) miug, Cl l'aso, Sew Orleans
and E»st 7i»»a
• :O»p Harvard. N ilen and Haii Jose -.33*
(ii:O«i- VHllejo 11:594
•»:•¦»(¦ Oriental Mail— OgJen, Ciiejrtane.
OuiaUa, ,c%g<- 12:t3p
• H»»p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denrer.
6t Lotus, Chicago 4:S3f
*r»»r <>itf>ii Ui.; Oalifiirnia l£x|*rm*,Nao-
ra.i.ri.i.: >ir>ti> iiie. Ked«!iii .
r,Htli.i..i. I'.ig^i NmulwJ Kits* Bt33A
•i«sp San Pablo, Port Co«U, Martinez
and War Miati..it« llf*s*
;«:O*p Vall»-1" ?:3-%p
COAST LINE (Narrow Vucc).
(Font nt Market Street.) __^
"
¦ <•:»* Newark ( ¦ir..rv!llr,«an.l<i.e. Krltm:,
«on:drr a OruT.and Way
BUtions »i*»r
'¦'I ¦» Newark. Centerrllle, ban Jnte, Nt-w
Alm»den. Friujii. ISnulder (/'reek,
Bant* Crus aud l'riuciiial Way
Stations IOt»»*
«i|.'.r Newark. «an ,1or«, T.ofi Gatos fSi*i»A
«9.S »r Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations i7.*op
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Proa Si I ClSCO— fool •: lUrket Street (Si:» 8)—
tV:lt D:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:JS S:l6r.M.
fr.a UJt:.lhS-r«l • iirMU ••_!.— tc. HO ;e.oO 18.-O6
10.00 a.m. I2:C: 3.83 ' I:S3r.M. '
COAST LINE Hlr«a.l (J»n *).
(Thlrtl and •lo\vngeii(l Sts.)
6:I«»a Ban Jose and Way .stations •«»•»
T:*<)A Kan Jose and \V»j. BUU..IIS lr»«»r
/T:»«A Kew*Al«:ad^ii / 4iI«P
y>l»A Hall .line. Trot l*lco«. Hanta Crnt,
|*aeMic <ii<>Tc, SaliuM Han l.vi*
Cbispo, Santa Barbara ami Prin- .
dpa li:terme<'a»te Stations T«43p
man San Jose and Way Stations 4:l«r
I 1 :3<»a ban Jose and W ay Stali.in. ; 3i»i>p
fS:4»Pgan Matrn, iledwood, Meiilu Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Han .lose,
Tres Pino*. fianta <:rnr, Saliuaa.
Monterey Pacific <lroTe 1I«:43a
StSAp Ran .iosc and Way KUlious. C::t«U
? 4:1 Sail Joaean.i Principal Way Station! «:!•",»
13:00f aan Jose, Los GaUw and Principal
Way Stations t»iOOA
»:30r Ran .lose ami Principal Wry Wit 8:30 a
•i«*P Kedwood. Han Jop«. Gilroy. '.\;icas,
Santa Btrbtrv Lou Aoselt* 10:03 a
€tn«r Jose and Way Stations <«:«»»A
1 14 5 p San Jose and Way Stations 6:3»»
A. for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
tS m(i»T excepted. Z Sunday only.
ylirturday only. / Tuesdays aud Fridays.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
: Local Lim c Ovri d Local
, Dally : • j Daily D«Jly
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 8:00 a \ 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton., lo:lB a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 11:22 p I 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:25 p I 3:05 a 10:50 d
" Hanford..' 2:12 p 3:27 p I 7:06 a ....
" Visa!;.- 8:40 p 4:48 a
" 7-.akr<!flld. 6:15 p | 5:20 p I 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a I 7:30 a
• Chicago I 2:15 p j 9:00 p I
I. lor morning, p lor afternoon. «
¦I a. hi. train is the California Limited,
lesving Monday end Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakerefield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
etf are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
¦ IctBl. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
l> a. dally.
£:i/Q n m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
J-'rce Heclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Pa ace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
CoiTef ponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
7 20 a- m. ir Bakerafield Local, stopping
at ill jx>ints in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
ependir-g train arrive* at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Orflces=— C4l Market street and in Ferry
Dei>ot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lan a. . - ¦ -¦
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L/?ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
Sai Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
!g iT; — — ¦*- d s a vu > n .: S% k
- * - ? nlcit at On -Twctm ct I«n*r -— i / ¦
zMfMwiß^
I l:li>p.i ' v " kI> "»~ 1 »- |5^5 T.,
Tmn, ha TrmuHt» to Fuamlt »t>4 (Ml, *1 K.
Ticket Olho., til ILthXXT STXXCT and bAUbJLLITG TSUI.
The Weekly Call.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
San Frannisco's Scientific Dermatologists !
%^ WRINKLES:
In San Francisco, at the parlors of the
J^ew York Institute of Dermatology, a
woman is on exhibition with the wrinkles
removed from one side her face and left 1
on the other side as a sample of what !
their remedy will do— side showing ,
the smoothness and lreshnes ot youth, th. ;
other the ravages of time. The difference
between the tv.o sides is almost beyond
belief, astonishing the crowds of ladies
who call daily to see her. Over one thou- '
-sand ladies of this city and State have
had their wrinkles removed by this treat-
ment. A lady in in reception' at the par
lors to show demonstration to callers. No
return guaranteed. Persons desiring 1..»
put this treatment to the test may have
all wrinkles removed from one side of
their face free of charge. Freckles also
positively do not return after removal by
our special secret process. As proof wo
will remove all freckles from one side of
your face free of charge. Young lady
half-treated for freckles on exhibition ac
parlors. Call and see them— seeing is be-
lieving. ¦
By a simple painless operation our sur-
geon, specially trained for this work, cor-
rects ill-shaped noses, double chin, sagg>-
cheeks, flabby throat, drooping mouth,
puffy, baggy eyelids, leaving no visible |
scar, and removes all marks and blem- i
ishes from the skin without pain. j
Consultation is free and strictly conn- !
dential; letter? answered plain sealed I
Call or address New York Institute of |
Dermatology. Columbian building, 916 !
Market street. San Francisco (opposite I
Emporium). Take elevator to fifth floor. !
Lady In reception. :
1
BDTTCIJi7C FOR barbers, pak- !
DIiUOiIJLIO Prsl bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., •
Brush Manufacturers. 633 Sacramento st
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA fORTLWESTEJLN fit COl
LESSHJ3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. feat W &«rie*t Ik
fan Francisco to an Ha inc..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
2:30, 5:10,' 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— t-xtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I'M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:3O.
6:00. £:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK. DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at SUM !
and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, J:4O.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
— Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 2S, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week , Sun- 1 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 amj 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am | Petaiuma, 6XJS pm, 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm; Santa Kosa. j 7:35 pm; 6:20 pin
I . Fulton,
! 7:30 an? Windsor, 14:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburgr, 10:40 am *
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3.30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdalc 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am! and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
7:3 C amj 10:40 ami 10:25 am
| 8:00 am Guernc-ville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| | 6:20 pin
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 8:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami 110:40 am 1 10: 25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pni| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at '
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale |
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartiett
£prin£s; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley"s. Bucknell's!
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Wlllits. Laytonvllle. . Cummlni,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Oisen's, Dyer, Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Suniays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond i an Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
:<JINK PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Forty. .
Commencing September Z<, 1901.
FROM t.-k..\ riiA->CISCU TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. *~-"-~*
WEEK DAYS— 8:30. »V:3o 11:00 a. m
•1:45. 3.15, 4:15, 5:15, •6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
j liatael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . .......
¦ SUNDAYS— *8:00. •lv:00. .*ll:3oa'xn. »lii
5:15. '4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-» 5:25, 6,:27. 7:45. 8:35. 1015
j a. m., »12:23. 2:15. '3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:IS. *8:00, nO.-00, '11:45 a. m
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45, »€:3O p. m. *
Trains -marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55 8:55, 10:30 a, m "
12:35. 2:45. 3:50 5:10 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. 12:05 2:15 330
6:00. C:45 p. m. ....
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - 1
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations. ¦ • - ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way
stations. •
Legal Holidays boats and trains vmi run 00
Sunday time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
Relating to Society
/--^HE debutantes had it all their
I own way last week. There
/7 \ were teas and dances, dinner'
(V 1 parties and luncheons, and at
\^> — l-y each and every one of these
* -functions the debutantes were
the most sought after guests.
This week promises to be as gay as the
past one. The most important events will
be the charity ball on the evening of the
sth and the Doctor's Daughters' doll show
on Friday and Saturday next. ~-
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Rustemeyer of Ross
V.alley announce the engagement of theL
daughter, Fern Rosanell. to Roger Clark
son Mills of San Francisco. The date for
the wedding has been set for November
2K, ThanKsgiving day, and will be a home
aifair, witnessed by a lew relatives only.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Chailotte .baton of San Francisco to Dr.
Walter K. Garry, proiessor or physiology
in Cooper Medical College.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Hilda brown and Joseph K. Bien-. Miss
brown is the youngest daughter of M
Brown, the well-known merniant, and is
a very charming and accomplished young
lady. Mr. Bien is the senior member of
the law firm of Bien & Jackson. No dat
lor the wedding has yet been set. The en
gaged couple will be at home Friday, No
vember S, and Sunday, November 10.
Miss Rachel Hovey was hostess at , a
euchre party given on Friday afternoon.
Miss Hovey was assisted by Miss Lillian
Sanborn. The prize winners were Miss
Mabel Cluff, Miss Plageman, Miss George
Spieker and Miss Phoebe Painter.
The following people from the Pacific
Coast sailed on the Hamburg-American
line fast express steamship Deutschland
from New York last Thursday for Ply
mouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg: Mrs.
Joseph L. Moody, Miss Ed 4 Moody, Miss
Margaret . Foster. Dr. Roy K. Belden,
John'C. Lister, Captain and Mrs. Potsch
ernick, Captain Neumann, Mr. and Mrs.
B. Grethel. Miss Ottllie Schnutenhaus,
Adolf Wehner, R. R. Nanc arrow, Colin
Maclaverty, B. Arfsten and A. E. Hele
nius.
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Brown of 1400 Sutter
street announce the engagement ot their
daughter Hilda to Jce Bien. They will re
ceive Friday, November 8, and STinday,
November 10.
The engagement is announced of Mis«
Lena Joseph, daughter of Mrs. C. Josepn
of this city, formerly of Sacramento, tj
William Asher of this city.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Emma Becker and
Emile A. Groezinger was sol
omnized at 'he home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. Becker, 537 Sut
ter street. Saturday evening, November 2.
The nuptial knot was tied under a we-1
ding bell of pink rosej by the Rev. J.
Fuendeling. The bridesmaid. Miss Edna
Becker, wore a dress of pink organdie. C.
P. W. Stark acted as best man. Araon.;
the guests were: Mr. and Mrs. D. Beck
er, G. Groezinger, Mr. and Mrs. yon
Oesen, Mr. an<] Mrs. August Hansen, Mr.
and Mrs. G. C. Groezinger, Edna Becker,
Irma yon Oesen, C. Groezinger, Mr. and
Mrs. L. D. Feil. Mrs. A. Becker, Mrs. E.
Becker, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Aust, Mrs.
A. Hansen, C. Becker, Sophia Asums,
Lulu Becker, S. Black. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Schilling. Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Schraub
sfadter. Mr. aro Mr?. Henry Dahl Jr.. H.
Mesenhurg. C. F. W. Stark, Alice Marsh
William Mesonburg and Al Autz. After
an extended tour in Southern California
the young counle will make their home at
4302 Nineteenth street.
Miss Margaret Curtis, past grand secre
tary of the Catholic Ladies' A*d Society,
and Patrick J. Moore were united in mar
riage Wednesday morning, October 23, at
St Joseph's Church. Tho nuptial mass
was celebrated by Rev. Father Scanlan,
Fathers Calzia. Dempsey and Moran be
ing present in the sanctuary.
The brid« was attended by her cousin,
\iiss Carrie Clark. Peter Curtis acted as
best man.
Among the many gifts received by the
bride was an elegant set of silver pre
senter! by the members of the Aid Society
in appreciation fnr seven years' of untir
ing efforts In behalf of the society. Also a
handsome cutglass berry dish was pre
sented by the members of No. 11 as an
evidence of their loving regard for a most
worthy member.
After the services at the church a bridal
breakfast was served at the residence of
the bride's uncle, Hugh Clark. Mr. and
Mrs. Moore have gone north for a wed
ding tr'p. and upon their return will reside
in this city.
The wedding of Miss Lillian W. Man
derson of San Francisco and W. J. B»1
lard of Sacramento took place at the
home of the bride's parents Tuesday aft
ernoon. Miss Grace Garland of Oakland
acted as maid of honor. After a southern
trip Mr. and Mrs. Ballard will reside In
Sacramento, where the groom Is connected
with the Southern Pacific Company.
Reception to Mrs. Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 2.—
The elaborate reception tendered to Mrs.
Stanford in honor of her return home
from two years' travel abroad occurred
in the large clubroom of Encina Hall, the
men's dormitory, this afternoon, and was
in every respect a social success.
The spacious clubroom lends itself to
decoration particularly well, but at no
other function has it ever appeared as
superbly beautiful as it did to-day. Pro
fessors, instructors and faculty ladles
worked with a will until the clubroom.
receptions rooms and staircases were
turned into bowers of roses, geraniums
and evergreens. The bamboos which grow
so abundantly in the garden plats in the
quadrangle were used profusely in the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You Can Get Rid of
Face Torments,
FRECKLES,
PIMPLES, •
SALLOWNESS, ,
MOTH
PATCHES,
WRINKLES.
By taking my treatment at my par-
lors, or I can treat you successfully
by mail, confidential.
A LOLA
SL MONTEZ
3lt ME
Is a pure, _ delicate appearing solid re-
sembling sweet country butter. Ab-
sorbed in the skin pores by gently rub-
bing, it revives and restores the skin's
vitality, the relaxed muscles ; and
fibrous tissue become rested, the blood,
which is the •
SKIN'S LIFE,
At once circulates _ freely, and the re-
sult is a Clear, Smooth, Velvety Com-
plexion. Price, 75c per jar. postpaid.
Ladies treated by mail for all blemishes.
TRIAT POT ladles eendi'g this ad
IHIAL, rui. wlth 10 cents In Btam ,
will receive a book of instructions and a
box of Skin Food and Face Powder Free.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Geary St. " ; - San Francisco.
decorating, and the effect was all that
could De aesired. Directly in the center
of the clubroom, under tne stained gmss
sKynght, was a miniature iac simile vi
one of the tamlliar circular riower beds
whien auorn tne interior guaarangle of
the university. I'he paims, Damboos and
blood-red geraniums were so sKUlfuliy ar
ranged that at tirsi glance one might im
agine he was on tne quaurangie. Around
tne walls, in nooKS and comers every
where appeared a prolusion of palms,
potted piains and ruses, 'itie pictures of
the caiaiiiai s iormer varsuy t.eams and
me reucfl brought back irom tne Philip
pines and presented to tne Encina Ciub
uy tne SLuaent soldiers of Staniord were
displayed on tne cluu walls and were ob
jects of interest to many, une striking
and impressive feature of the decoration
was the motto composed by Professor Ab
bott of the law department, done in large
letters of eucalyptus sprays. It reaa.s,
"he witn his sword in battle and she at
home in prayer; both win the victory,
both should tne glory share." Xhe design
of the motto lormed a border three feet
wide, running entirely around the big
clubroom at the top of the walls. The
main staircase and the reception rooms
on the second floor, in which the refresh
ments were served, were tastily decorated
with strings of smilax, palms and cut
flowers.
Music for the occasion was furnished by
a string quartet from San Francisco and
by the University Glee and Mandolin
dubs. The Glee Club's numbers were
•"lhe Drinking Song" and "The Harp
That Once Thru' Tara's Halls."
lhe guests at the reception were Mrs.
Stanford and intimate friends, the trus
tees of the university and their families,
the college musical clubs, the student as
sistants ln the various departments and
those graduate students who are Stanford
alumni or are candidates for advanced
degrees from the university.
Iho general committee of arrangements
for the reception was composed of Mrs.
David Starr Jordan, Mrs. J. M. Stillman,
Mrs. J. C. Branner, Mrs. J. E. Matzkt*
Mis. J. P. Hall, Herbert C. Nash, Melvin
G. Dodge and Professors D. H. Campbell,
A. B. Show, G. A. Clark, J. P. Hall and
A. G. Newcomer, chairman. Those who
aided Mrs. Stanford in receiving were:
President and Mrs. Jordan, Dr. and Mrs.
Branner. Dr. and Mrs. Stillman, Dr. and
Mrs. Angell. Mr. and Mrs. Nash. The
decoration committee, to whom credit is
due for the beautiful appearance of the
club and reception rooms, consisted of
Mr. and Mrs. Nash, Mr. and Mrs. Dodg?,
Professors Abbott, Goebel and A. 8.
Clark. Professor and Mrs. Hall and Dr.
Campbell formed the committee on music.
The committee on refreshments consisted
of Mrs. Branner and Mrs. Matzke. and
Mrs. Stillman had charge of the invita
tions.
t Home Gatherings.
A very enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Rothschild at their
home. 1318^ Scott street, in honor of the
christening and birthday of their little
son Russel, on Sunday evening, October
20. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. A.
Matschkie, Miss C. Fluegel, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Usher. Master V. Usher, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Tuttle, Mr. and Mrs. J. Wilson, Mrs.
Horton, Mrs. Doughlas, ¦ Mrs. Meyers,
Miss Tessie Morrow, Miss B. Morrow,
Miss L. Rock, Miss Annie Rush, Miss B.
Schou, Bert Kennedy, Charles Wilson,'
John Rush, Ray Deming-, Hugh Dough
las; Walter Hambleton* and George
MeyerdierKs. . Alter a series of amusing
games bOl>per ,was served.
- ihe rta.uence of jut. and Mrs. I. L.
David, 4ot> tiayes street, was the scene
of a oruiiani aira.r last Sunday, wnicii
niarKea vie iwenUeiii anniversary of
iieir weduing. The nouse was ucauti
l'uily ufccoraicd aim many .eiegant pres
ents were received. At nndnigut a sump
tuous supper was servea. 'me gues's of
Mr. and Airs. David were: Mr. and Mrs.
M. hncus, ail. aim ivirs. P. .fincus, sour.
and Mrs. t,. ir'incus, Mr. ana Mrs. ri.
warns, Mr. .ana mis. m. Mendelson, Mr.
ai.u i.ii s. ti. uoidman. Dr. ana Airs, riesj
ier, lion. Judge cabanlss, Edmund Gud
cnaux, Dr. trx. Damuenutr, i>ii\ and Mrs.
n. anvetstein, air. ana Mrs. M. SSilver
stein, Mr. aiiu Mrs. 1 ti. Samuels,' Mr. and
Mrs. Duran, Mr;nnd Sirs. "Abrams, Mr. an.l
Mrs. a. MTTnicfTn, Mt. ana' Airs, joseyn,
Mr. and mis. Mrs. Carson, ivus.
Atherton, Mrs. Kallmann, Mrs. Newman,
Mrs. Keiss, airs. - Simon, >irs. Strauss,
Mrs. Kyle, Mrs. Sieinoerger,^Mrs. Sana
man, Axis. Rabbit, Aii.-^s .t.va Pincus, Miss
Annie Kulimann, Miss . Clara Kaumanii,
I4IIJ Came Bergman,. Miss Ray j».uler,
Miss Bergstein, Miss Ciara Aa.er, Miss
aopnie lNevvman, Miss Pinkson, Miss A.
.fiiiKson, Anas ivyJe, jViiss <j. Samuel, Miss
Golurnan, Alias Oiara Relss, Miss Lena
Simon, i>alph r'incus, Sol Pincus, Chanes
Davia, iiarry David, Ben Brown, L.
i'lnKson, Joe Samuel, S. bergsiein, J. Ad
ler, Mr. Hennessey, Air. Claire, Mr. Loeb
and Mr. Durham. '
On the evening of October 27 Mr. and
Mrs. Kratz of 228 Bartiett street cele
brated the fifth anniversary of their wed
uing. Those present wer.e: Mr. and Mrs.
A. C. Kratz, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Kratz.
Mrs. Addie Kratz, Mrs. (J. Schamacher,
Mrs. H. Jf'ischer, Mr. and Mrs. Kaupert,
Mrs. Laura Kaupert, H. Feige, Miss E.
Kohlmoss, Miss L,. Kohlmoss, J. Kohl
moss, H. Went, Miss M. Went, F. Fischer,
Miss E. Fischer,. G. Richardson, Miss A.
Meyer, H. Beaumont, C. Meyer, ]_ Del
lamajgucia, Mr. and Mrs. Seike, Miss G.
Owens, J. Kamna,' J. Ulrich and F. R.
Smith. , ",
A surprise party wa.j given to Miss Car
rie Ehrlich at her residence, 509 Golden
Gate avenue, on Tuesday evening, Octo
ber 29. Among those present were: The
Misses Carrie Ehrlich, Hannah Hartman,
Esther Herbst, Dora Ehrlich, Etta Levit
Dora Conn, Hattie Herbst, Rose Ehrlich'
Ida Rothschild, Ray Levy, Esther Ehi I
lich, Hannah Packscher, Pauline Davis,
Miriam Ehrlich, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Herbst, Mr. and Mrs. H. Ehrlich, ¦ Jack
Scherlin, Isador Goldstein, Albert Ehi
lich, Henry Scharlin, Alex Salomon, Ber
nard : Weissman, Caarles Davis, . Nate
Scharlin, Artie Levit, Jack Ehrlicli,
Charles Levy, Ed . Scharlin, Leonard
Fross, Edward Hesse and Dr. Henry
Phillips. . .
- Miss Estelle Del Valle was the recipient
of a very pleasant surprise party recently
tendered her by the Fortnightly Six-
Double-Three. The affair' took place at
the residence of one of the club members
and the evening passed ' off without a
hitch. Prizes were awarded successful
contestants in games and souvenirs were
presented at supper.
A grand party was given by Mrs. Anna
Bock last Tuesday at her residence, .71S
Valencia street, in honor of Mrs. Scheel's
90th birthday. Those present were: Mrs
Hertin, Mrs. Miller,' Mrs. Schliger, Mrs!
Bock, Mrs. Uhlig, Mrs. Stoltz, Mrs. Meyer,
Mrs. Hagerman, , Mrs. . Jager, Miss
Peters, Mrs. Schlessmann, Mrs. Klien
beck from Santa Clara, Miss Veril Laing,
Miss Alice Hewyer, Miss Nettie Hewyeri
Mr. Scheel and Mr. Bock.
Mi. and Mrs. Harry Wehr celebrated
the twenty-first anniversary of their wed
ding on the 27th of October. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Harry. Wehr
Mr. and Mrs. E. Rhein, Mr. and Mrs. V.
Bello Jr., Mrs. K. Behrsing, Mrs. V. Bello,
Misses Lena Wiese, Helen E. Bello Celin
Wehr, Anna T. Bello, Dora Wehr, Mollie
Conley, Harry Wehr Jr., . Paul Weber,
Waldermer ' Monson, >¦ > George Schlleber'
Henry. Korts, Walter McNally, Dr. Prince
Hay, Edna Rhein, Hazel Bello, Amanda
Wehr, Anna Wehr.
A euchre party was given by Mrs L
Eugene Lee last . Saturday at her resi
dence on Steiner and Broadway streets.
Mrs. Charles M. Plum assisted her in re
ceiving her guests. Six prizes were
awarded to the winners. >
Club Parties.
The Alpha Phi Alpha Club of the Oak
land High School held a reception
Wednesday afternon at its clubrooms.
The rooms were artistically decoratei 1 !
the color scheme being red and white
After a short programme refreshments
were served. Among the puests present
were: Mrs. S. P. Hall, Mrs. William L.
Culver. Mrs. George L. Colegrove, Mrs
H. Mellmann, Mrs. Albert Pec?, Mis Wil
liam A. Hall, Mrs. James Dunham Mrs"
Deming and Mrs. James Maclise.
The first party of the second season of
the Bon Ami Cotillon was given in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of the 23th of Oc
tober. The hall was beautifully decor
ated with the colors of the cotillon, pur
ple and white. The stage was a mass of
roses, which concealed the orchestra that
discoursed sweet music for the dancers
There were about 125 couple in the grand
march, many of the ladies being in ele
gant costumes. R. Schord was the floor
director. Those present were: Paul de
Les, Miss Lottie Lane. R. Schord, Mi=s
Hattie Crockett, Charles Duebel, Miss
Stella Ford, A. W. Maginis, Miss Bessio
Harvie, Lieutenant F. E. Younff, Miss
Florence Flower. D. G. Sampson, Miss
I.ela Graf, P. A. Young, Miss M. B
Hill. Dr. A. J. Heniker, L. D. Ream b!
Perry, Miss B. Hull, Charles B. Trull.
Miss K. Ralston, P. J. Morrin, Miss Ge- '
nevia Keaton, Howard Van Kirk, Louise
Van Kirk, J. P. Morgenson, Miss Dorathy
Schacht, Lewis Coiton, Miss Blanche
Getty, Walter Minner, Miss Alice Minner,
F. N. Meyer, Miss B. Holmes, B. P. Glea
son, Miss Edith lgoe, George Harold San
dy, H. Stettin, Miss Anita Ferdinandson,
H. S. Morton, J. C. Crooks, Ernest A.
Lee, Miss Lee, J. F. Anderson, Miss Luia
Wegener, Major G. C. Kelleher, Dr. G.
Ames, Miss Ethel White, W. A. Conneau,
Miss Nita Shepherd, Miss Letty Conneau,
Dr. Claude Perry, Miss O. S. Hunsaker,
F. C. Koop, Miss Rosalind Bugden, J. P.
Lavin, Miss Edith Pollar, Norman Titus,
Miss Patton, George Fuller, H. A. Peck
ham, Miss Azel Avis, S. I. Rees.
Invited guests: A. D. La Motte, Miss
Adel Frisoee, Alec Mcßoyle, Miss Grace
Hesseltine, George Beil, Miss Edith L.
Gordon, Claude Glllespie, /Louis Ferrari,
Miss L. Ferrari, Dr. G. Rogers, Misses
Bryan, Bruce W. Large, Miss Knight,
A. D. Frazer, Misses Frazer, J. L. Mar
tin. Miss Mildred Heslop, C. F. Chemi- ,
nant, Miss Etta Langrehr, C. A. Lieb,
Miss Myrtle Lieb, Bert de Haven, Miss ,
Alice G. Doyle, Miss L. Avis, A. Soher,
Miss Gusteha Stotz, A. E. hugden, Miss
Hazel Gilbert, R. Saxe, Miss Mac (\ ¦
Stotz, Mr. Henderson, Kaipn Lang
worinv, Miss l^e Connte, C. H. Weed, '
Miss Maud Muiville, Miss Eva Mulville,
H. Cheek, Miss Wilcox, J. A. Ormond,
Miss A. t lowtr, Miss Luia C. Lurch, Miss
D. Neely, H. D. Maynard, Miss E. Har- •
rison, Miss M. Holje, Mr. and Mrs. Schu
macher, Miss L. Amiot, Mr. Griswold, ,
Miss Oliver, Frank Wilbur, Miss E. ;
'loothacker, Miss Daisy Conroy, B. Ben- ,
Held, Miss I. Pennington, Miss Precnt, j
Miss Lou Buck, Mies K. Hailoran, G. |
Sobey, Miss <J. Tenant, Miss Gall S. Van
Kirk, Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Faure, J. H.
Saunders, B. Minner, Miss L. Minner, A. '
f. i^athrop, Miss .Lathrop, Mr. Moore, ,
Miss ti. iiolje, Mr. Davinpor, Stanley j
Prior, Miss Walker. Miss Ethel Stealy, |
Misses Murray, \v. Hynes, Henry Bopc- ;
rteid, Edward Brooks, Miss Gearheart, J.
Young, Misses Crooks, Hoy Guerney, Miss
M. Carroll, Miss Sammy, Frank Buckley, ,
Howard C. Trull, Miss Madeline Smiin.
J. Kennedy, Miss Ante G. Morran, Jo
seph Baptista, Miss Lillle Eastwoud, Mr.
de fcsoia, Miss G. Williams, G. A. Arctii- •
uald, Miss M. Morran, L.tn tenner, MiSo
Dias, B. Commack, Miss Florence Hes- |
senger, Miss E. Austermuhie, A\ r . E. Cio-
Weli, Miss Emma Moworay.
A very charming reception of last week \
was that given to Miss Marguerite Me
lahoo oy the pupils or the Chicago Busi- i
ness Conege on me oc.-asion ot the young j
lady's binniiay. Armory Hall was com- ;
foriably rilled with the young ladies and !
their guests. Dancing was kept up till II j
o'ciock, when a delightful supper was |
served.
The Golden Gate Whist Club was enter- j
tamed last Friday by~ Mrs. R. Goldman at !
her residence, J2VS McAllister street. The j
following members were winners: Mrs. j
G. A. Casey, Mru. William Cohn, Mrs. B. I
Rothholz and Mrs. J. Schwartz.
A club ol young peopie has been formed \
in East Oakland called the Gayety Social I
Club, with a membership of over thirty!
and the following officers: President, Miss j
Birdie Pilcher; vice president, Charles :
Jacoby; treasurer, Miss Harriet Dwyer; i
secretary, Miss Daisy Jacoby. On Friday |
evening last the club gave its first party, !
a very delightful private masquerade, Ht !
Cameron Hall on Thirteenth avenue. The !
floor manager was Mr. Farnham, Miss i
Minnie McCracken assistant. The recep
tjon committee consisted of Mr. Louis |
Oksen, Miss Harriet Dwyer and Mi3s
Caroline Meyer. On the music and hall j
committee were Miss Elinor Broderick.
Mr. Charles Jacoby, Miss McCracken, ;
Miss B. Smart and Mr. Guichard. The :
decorating committee consisted of Mr. '•
Louis Oksen, Miss Gertrude Dwyer, Miss
Harriet Dwyer. the Misses Broderick, Mr. '
Jacoby and Miss Grace Hussey. Miss ',
Birdie Pilcher, as president of the club. ;
supervised all committees. The hall was ,
beautifully decorated ¦with festoons of
crape tissue paper in the club colors, pink
and green. A deep festoon of pepper I
sprays hung from the molding around the !
entire hall, while Chinese lanterns com- j
pleted the effect. The music was fur- I
nlshed by Mrs. Lercher. and the pro- !
gramme differed from the customary !
dance programme, containing among !
other numbers the "Centennial Lancers," j
the "Rye Waltz," etc. A twilight waltz |
was danced .in the dim light of Chinese ;
lanterns and two grinning jack o' lan- '
terns. Between the dances Mrs. Lercher !
and Louis Oksen sang solos and Miss Etta !
Smart recited. All were enthusiastically i
encored. Lemonade was served by Mi.-ss i
Harriet Dwyer in an anteroom. The next \
party of the club will be a calico party, j
to be given some time this month.
In the Future.
The executive committee of the Winter
Cotillon has decided to inaugurate the
fifth season of the club by giving an "at
home" at Golden Gate Hall Friday even
ing, November 15. The Initial assembly
and german will be held at Golden Gale
Hall December 13.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Van Winkle have
just returned to San Francisco, after
spending the past five months in Alaska.
Mrs. W. Blaokwell and daughter Hazel
have returned from their trip through the
Eastern States and Canada.
Miss Letitia Leonard of Berkeley has
gone to Ventura for a two weeks' visit.
She will stop at Los Angeles and visit
friends there for a week before returning
to her home in Berkeley.
Miss Alma Hyer, well known ln society
and musical circles, hr.s just returned to
the city. Miss Hyer has been traveling
in Europe for the past six months.
Mrs. W. B. Waterman will be at home
the first Friday of each month at 2409 De
visadero street.
Willard M. Wood has returned to this
city after an absence of four years in
Chicago.
Mrs. A. Falk of 1909 Buchanan street
will be at home an the first Thursday of
each month.
Dr. and Mrs. Sol Charles Mish are
guests at the Palace Hotel.
J. Wilzinskl, wife and daughter have
taken apartments at the Hotel Stewart,
corner of Elli3 and Leavenworth streets.
Mrs. L. Cochins, 3575 Seventeenth street,
has discontinued her clay at home.
Miss May McLean, formerly of Oakland,
is spending the year abroad. She has been
doing graduate work at Yale for two
years. Miss McLean is a graduate of tho
University of California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMMENT UPON MR.
ROSSI'S PAINTINGS
Mr. Charles Dlckman, the artist, tells Mr.
Rossi of the P. Rossi Company, Sutter street,
that he was misquoted by the Examiner ln
reference to the paintings now on sale at the
antique furniture store. This Is what he really
did say:
"In the P. Ro«sl Company 1 ! collection of
European paintings there are several can-
vases worthy of special mention. The water
colors by Simonettl are cleverly handled, a
good composition and well handled. The Bec-
carla, a small interior of the Rembrandt type,
la among the beet pictures in the exhibition.
Goceda's Napla Temple Is good ln tone and
exquisitely finished. Lazerges has a caravan
picture above his average. Paolettl's canvas
is a strong example of the Italian school of his
time, and Lanza's Venetian picture is a good
example of this artist's work."
Mr. Nellson, the water color artist, has some
r^roerks to make:
"From the broad impressionistic treatment
of Italico Brass to the finely finished work of
Gio Paoletti there are many phases of tech-
nique and wide diversity of subject. A beau-
tifully painted picture by Maco, full of sun-
shine and animation. Is an excellently handled
and attractive piece of work. A fine water
color by Slmonetti shows to what a remark-
able degree of finish' a water color may be
carried, and this artist's masterly rendering
of textures and delicate harmonies ln color are
well brought out ln 'The Snake Charmer.'
In contrast to the sunny vivacity and bright
coloring of Oasparinl is an old painting (un-
signed) that reminds one by its low, mellow
tones and dark, transparent shadows, of Rem-
brandt. "The Writer,' by Paoletti, is a beau-
tiful piece of work of the old school, and the
rich, low tones and fine mqdellng ln this com-
position reveal the master hand of this great
painter.
"The work of Beauquesne is above criticism,
and the unquestioned merit depicted In the
canvas by Lazerges needs no comment. Por-
tielje's painting of a Moorish head naturally
attracts attention. Many other paintings by
well-known artists are contained ln this col-
lection."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ** i\f m M
Sale of this Season's
Silk Accumulations
Thousands of yards reduced in rrice
J x
If ever you wished to buy RICH STYLISH SILK at less
than the regular price, the opportunity h:is now arrived.
Commencing to-morrow we shall have on sale yards and yards
of HIGH GRADE DRESS SILKS — this season's best' pro-
ductions in Black, White and Colored. All perfect and in
fashions latest designs for Suits, Waists and Skirts.
Not a yard in the entire offering worth
less than 85c a yard and values
reach up to $1.25
SUCH STYLISH SILKS AS
Striped Taffetas Fancy Black Taffetas
Colored Peau de Cygnes Striped Tussores
Colored Poplins Warp Prints
Striped Grenadines . Novelty Silks
Choicest Colors Greatest Range of Effect*
All Reduced to
O^c a yard
A Notable Opening Sale of
Ladies' Walking Skirts
Begins on our third floor to-morrow
You will be astonished at the low prices when you see how
beautiful; stylish and well made these Fall and Winter
Skirts are. ' .
Here we mention some of the leaders with which we inaug-
urate the season :
Ladies' Walking Skirts
Made of all wool homespun in Grays and Oxfords, have fitted
flounce with 16 rows of. stitching around the bottom and bound
seams, tailor — exceptional value at -
$5.00
Ladies' Walking Skirts
Made of all wool double faced Golf material in Navy and
Black with White hair line stripe, have graduating flounce
with 12 rows of stitching and are finely tailored, extra value at
$6.75
New Flannel Waists
Of extra quality twilled flannel, in all the most desirable
shades, nicely trimmed with hemstitched' box pleats and
clusters of cording, very stylish and splendid value for
$3-5°
? an a¦ i k * n< i we w^^ assure you perfect satisfaction. Specal
(i MAIL 4 efforts are being mate to please those who cannot shop
l ANY ORDER 4 witti us in person. Our new illustrated Catalogue mailed
( I TO US % to you free for the asking.
Sutter and Kearnp Street
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
..OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
no 1 s«okI: 309 to 311 Market Street.
San Francisco.
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
WILL ATTEND A LECTTJBE
California's Naval Militia Can Fur
nish Many Men for the Na
tional Reserve.
The second of the series of lectures to
be delivered before the First Battalion of
Artillery will be given next Thursday
night in the Ellis-street armory. The
subject is "Snapshots in the Land of the
Japanese, the Chinese and the Filipinos,"
and J. W. Erwln. the lecturer, who is the
president of the Camera Club, will be as
sisted by Captain Eisen. who will handle
the views to be presented.
During the last week the First Artil
lery Battalion had a two hours' night
drill on Van Ness avenue. Lieutenant J.
J. Hyer acted as adjutant and Sergeant
J. W. Galbraith as sergeant major. The
battalion was drilled particularly in street
column formations and squares.
G. Gemballa, W. H. Homer Jr. and K.
H. Mllliken have been appointed sergeants
and C. J. O'Connor. D. G. Schloss and H.
C. Schwln corporals of Battery A, First
Artillery Battalion.
Captain T. A. Nerney, in reply to a
communication from the commander in
chief relative to a national naval reserve,
as suggested by the Navy Department,
gives the information that the California
Naval Militia can supply to such reserve
thirty-three officers, nine warrant officers,
five chief petty officers and 400 men.
If the proposition to establish and main
tain a national reserve is adopted it would
not interfere with the State Naval Mili
tia, for no one could be received into the
reserve until after three years' service in
the State Naval Militia.
The United States steamship Marion
will be removed next week from the Arc
tic oil dock to a point north on the water
front to be selected during the week.
Opera-Singers Marry.
The wedding of Silvio Dotti and Ger
trude Arenales -was solemnized yesterday
ln the Italian church.~ The contracting
parties are members of the Tivoli Grand
Opera Company, and a number of their
assoclates were present at the ceremony.
The bride was given away by Angeia
Barbareschi, the prima donna of the same
company, who has been her guardian for
some years. At the marriage license of
fice Mme. Barbareschi gave her consent
to the marriage of her ward, who is bu;
17 years of age, while her husband is 23.
HEW BELIEF BOARD \
HAS BEEN ORGANIZED
Foresters of America Adopt a New
Method of Caring for the
Sick.
The new feature of the sick benefit plan
of the Foresters of America., which In
this city has a membership of nearly 7000,
has been the organization of a board of
relief. In the past it has been the rule
of this order when a member of the or
der from the interior came to this city
and was taken sick, or was in distress, to
report himself to the grand secretary 0*
the order, who would assign his case to
some court in the local jurisdiction. If it
happened that a court did not meet on
the evening of the day assistance was ap
plied for delay followed.
The new organization, like the Odd Fel
lows' board of relief, proposes to be In
session at all times and be ready at a
moment's notice to render such aid as
may be required by an unfortunate
brother.
For the purpose of bringing the new
branch of the order before the member
ship and the public, a grand entertain
ment and dance will be given in Native
Sons' Hall on the night of December 3.
and the following named have been ap
pointed to make the necessary arrange
ments:
S. Schweitzer of Court Washington. J.
Bacon of Court Justice. T. E. Gibbon of
Court El Dorado. G. A. Sullivan of Court
America and C. \V. Brown of Court Pre
sidio.
It is announced by scientists that fem
inine mustaches are on the Increase, and
that the close of the century will find
bearded women common sights.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FREE I FREE I
hihbrs^sjsm) < Is permanently removed by DR.
mymL^Sm and MRS. a. W. traverse,
BgP^^^Bnßp Donohoe building, 1170 Market St..
HKjBBKj^K w ! t h the electric needle, without
l&vp^a 'A.^B pain or scar. First sitting fret;. -
ffcJEtfV*. JB Hours. 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
I^B^^* Cream, 50c; Brahman
rjß — i^BTooth Powders, 25c. All drug-
UMBMHM^Hglsts. Large stock alwaji at J.
I^HHH^Bs. Potts DruM Co.
3738
STONES OF TWO COUNTIES LAID
FOR MEMORIAL TO FAMOUS SLOAT
Mameda and Santa Clara Unite in an Impressive Ceremony on the Historic
Hill Overlooking the Harbor of Monterey, Where the Monument to the
Celebrated Commodore of the United States Navy Is to Stand
MONTEREY, Nov. 2— "With im
pressive ceremonies and much
evidence of enthusiasm the first
two stones to be laid beside the
Cornerstone in the base of the
Sloat monument at this place were put in
their place* to-day. Delegations from
the two counties that gave the stones —
Alameda and Santa Clara—representa
tives of the Masonic orders of Oakland,
Alameda, San Jose, Monterey and Pacific
Grove and representatives of the City
Councils of Monterey and Pacific Grove
were in attendance and took part in the
ceremonies.
The delegations arrived here on the 1:50
p. m. train and proceeded Immediately to
the site of the monument, the United
States military reservation on the hill
overlooking the harbor of Monterey. After
the formation of the various organiza
tions taking part in the exercises, Captain
T. G. Lambert, receiver and custodian of
the Bloat Monument Association, made a
brief but Interesting address of welcome
to his fellow pioneers and brother Masons,
and Colonel Joseph Stewart. U. S. A., re
CUT RATES CONTINUED !
AT THE •
GOLDEN GATE j
CLOAK and SPIT HOUSE |
Though Early in the Season We Shall t
Cut Prices on Our Latest Styles. ©
¦¦ . •
Goods and Prices i
Exactly as Advertised. §
|FINE BLACK AND BROWN BROADCLOTH and Navy Pebble •
Cheviot Tailor Suits, artistically tailored with fine taffeta silk, drop S
' skirt; real value $35.00; cut to $25.00 %
300 Newest Style Autumn TAILOR SUITS, black and latest fall shades •
cut to $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 and $20.00 •
, Were $12.50, $15.00, $20 00 and $25.00 J
Raglans, ThreH)uarter and Auto Box Coats at 8
Cut Prices— ss.Bo to $40.00; 8
OXFORD NEWMARKETS, with double capes, cut to $10.00 g
TAN KERSEY RAGLANS, with double capes, cut t0... $15,00 •
NOVELTY SILK GRENADINE SKIRTS, elaborately trimmed, en- 2
tirely new and exclusive $20.00, $25.00 and $32. S
400 BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS, newest cut, handsomely trimmed, ex- •
cellent lining, cut to $4.00, $5,00, $0.50 and $8.50 •
Former prices $5.00, $6.50, $7.50 and $10.00. •
CHI «k\S» EAL CAF Jr S - with Ast /akhan yokes, satin lined-14-inch, * 2
S?^J!a WCre $8 - SO: 16 - inch - . * 7°.7 ' °. were $10.00; . 18-inch, §
$10.00, were $15.00. ' x
RIVER MINK CAPES, ruffled, heavy satin lined— l4-inch $10.00 •
were $12.50; 16-inch, $12.00, were $15.00 ' f{ •
1000 Assorted Styles FUR SCARFS at cut prices-$1.25, $1.50 2
40, if and f«<sUi * 2
tired, of Oakland, President of the Sloat
Monument Association, responded on be
half of the visitors.
The Masons then took up the exercises
and laid each stone with the customary
Masonic ritual, after each was formally
passed upon by Major Edwin A. Sherman
of Oakland, who Is chief of design and
construction for the Sloat monument.
Alameda County's stone was first
placed, Past Master George C. Pardee,
chief inspector of Alameda County, per
forming the work, while Worshipful
Master Samuel Tompkins, chief inspector
of Santa Clara County, acted in the same
capacity for hie county.
One gun, fired from old Fort Halleck, a
short distance farther up the hill, an
nounced to the townspeople when each
stone had been laid. A pretty ceremony
took place in the old town when the first
pun was heard. J. Hoyt Toler of Oak
land, son of the late William P. Toler,
raised the American flag upon the same
old flagstaff over the same old Custom
house, where as a midshipman on the
flagship of Commodore J. D. Sloat in July,
1846, his father had hoisted the first
American flag that ever floated over Cali
fornia soil.
Th 3 cornerstone of the Sloat monument
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
MEMORIAL, WHICH WILL BE
ERECTED ON A HILL AT HIS
TORIC MONTEREY.
was laid in July, 1896, by the Masonic
Grand Lodge of California, the occasion
being the golden jubilee celebration of
the American occupation of California,
and, although a number of stones for the
base have already been received by Cap
tain Lambert, the two laid to-day are the
first to be placed in the base of the monu
ment. Each county of the State is to
contribute a stone for the pedestal, and
there will also be a stone from the army
and one from the navy.
SAYS HE KNOWS
THE MURDERER
Young Promises to Un
veil Mystery of Win
ters Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Nov. 2.— Frank Young is In
Jail here charged with the murder of his
friend, Albert Anderson, at Winters last
March. He was arrested at Madera yes
terday and Sheriff George H. Savage was
notified and went Immediately to take
charge of his man. He arrived with the
prisoner on a freight train this evening
and hurried to the office of District At
torney Frank R. Devlin, where a secret
conference wa» held.
Young denies that he Is guilty of the
crime charged and says he can prove an
alibi. He declares also that he can tell
who committed the murder. He says that
he was a friend of Anderson and had
warned him to desist in his attentions to
a woman in Winters whose name he de
clines for the present to mention. He
says the woman warned Anderson to stay
away from her home on penalty of being
killed by a relative of hers. He states
further that more than one person was
Implicated in the crime, and promises to
give all the particulars soon, presumably
after he has consulted an attorney.
Regarding the bloody shirt which was
found a few days ago and which was
Identified as belonging to him, the pris
oner explained that Anderson was in th©
habit of wearing his (Young's) clothing
and that the latter had been In a fight a
few days before his death. Young say*
he expects many visitors from Winters
Monday. There will probably be some Im
portant developments on that day.
The appeal for funds to rehabilitate the
public- schools of Galveston .; after the
storm brought In the sum of $54,270 58, the
bulk -of it contributed iby school children
throughout the country. .- .
¦
STORM SENDS
TREES SKYWARD
Cyclone Stirs Things Up
in the South of
Shasta.
Cattle Killed and Cabins De
molished by a Curious
Wind.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 2.— A visitor from BalU
Ferry region, in the southern part of
Shasta County, brings news of a terrific
cyclone which raged there for several
hours during the rainstorm of lasc
week. So violent was It that it ap
peared as if giant hands had sought to
change the aspect of the country. Fortu
nately the cyclone raged over a strip of
country which is little inhabited, else loss
of life must have followed.
Great pine trees were torn out of the
ground by the roots and thrown Into tho
air. Hundreds are found many yards
from the places where they had stood.
Broken trunks of trees are piled across
the roads, forming blockades In many
places. It will take many days for woods
men with saws to open the roads again
"Where the trees grew thick the storm
swept a clean path through the forest.
Even the birds could not escape, so sud
den was the blast, as Is shown by the
dead ones found.
Sections of board fences were swept
completely away, and even the barbed
wire fences were torn down. It is thought
that some cattle were killed and some
empty cabins were demolished. By a
strange coincidence, the same section was
visited by a similar cyclone last winter,
I and a passing stage was turned bottom
side up and a young lady passenger waa
badly hurt.
Will Contest Lowry Will.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 2.— Dr. J. W. Low
ry to-day filed his notice of contest in the
matter of the proposed administration of
the wiU of the late Mrs. Rebekah W.
Lcrwry. He alleges that the will so mys
teriously brought to light a few weeks ago
by being sent anonymously to the County
Cierk by mail is not genuine. The wMI
cuts Dr. Lowrv off with $10 and gives
property valued at Over $100,000 to Mrs.
Liowry's children.
Injured in the Collision.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— John K. Hollen
kemp, a section hand on the Southern Pa
cific road, was struck by a freight train
near the brldgehouse this morning and
had his shoulder broken is two places.
The day was foggy and the man waa on
a handcar. The approach of the freight
train was beard but not seen, and while
atempting to get the handcar from the
track the collision took place.
Two Robbers Sent to Prison.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2.— Judge Hart to
day sentenced James Cox to San Quentln
for ten years for grand larceny, and Ed
ward Estrada to the same institution foe
eight years on a similar charge. Cox
robbed a returned Philippine soldier and
Estrada robbed a friend.
Navy- Yard Men to Vote,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Secretary
Long has issued an order directing the
commandants at all navy yard statlona
in States yvhere elections are to be held
next Tuesday to allow the worklngmen
and clerical forces proper opportunity to
go to the polls.
AMUSEMENTS.
f*fil lIIIDII SAH FRAJICISCtn
U U U Ifl DI A LEADING THEATBf
To-Moif no w MONDA ¥
ENGAGEMENT OF
SARAH CO WELL
LE MOYNE
.« THE FIRST
BRILLIANT
— duchess of
""- MARLBQROUGH
By CHARLES HENRY MELTZER.
LIEBLER & CO.. .'...MANAGERS
Assisting MRS. LE MOTNE:
Harold Russell. Edwin James.
Frederick Paulding. F. A. Howson Jr.
Joseph Wilkes. Mary E. Barker.
, Frank A. Connor. Nora O'Brien.
Charles D. Pitt, Ina Brooks. . /
Axel Bruun. Cornelia Hunter,
John Vincent. Gilbert Douclas.
BE LAS CO aho THALIS
"ir* D ~W mntrrtenriuut
MATINEE TO-DAY. To-night— TIME.
THE GREAT NORTHWEST.
TO-MORROW NIGHT and all next week.
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAY
. (Tuesday next). Prices, l&o, 100, 25c. .
~" Superb Production— The Great War Play,
NORTHERN LIGHTS.
NOTE.— returns read from the stage
next Tuesday evening.
Pif-KC Evenings 100. IBc, Isc, 35c. BOc
itt'VEj Matinees .....10c. 15c. 25c
Selasco & Thall. Managers.
* MATINEB TO-DAY. ,
TO-NIGHT-"TENNESSEE S. PARDNER,"
.' BEGINNING MONDAY, •
ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY, —
Augmented by
MARION CONVERE. MARGARET WTCHER-
LY AND HENRY SHUMER,
In Augustln Daly's Comedy, ~
NANCY and CO.
SPECIAL (ELECTION DAT) MATINEE,
. r: TUESDAY, * NOVEMBER 16.
Tuesday night • local and Greater New ; York
returns will be read from stage. .<'¦¦¦ ¦
. ' Seats now on sale. ,By phone, Main 254,
HERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
SIX RECITALS. • ~
By the Wonderful Child Pianist.
.L.ri'TLxf'EiNlD-BRA'VDr. " •
Tuesday night. . November 5; Siturday after-
noon, . November 9; Tuesday night, November
12; Saturday afternoon. November 16; Tuesday
night, November 19; Saturday • t !tern<son. No-
vember 23.
30 REMARKABLE SELECTIONS— IncIud-
ing original compositions and musical telegra-
phy. Reserved seats, 50c. :75c and $1. On sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ¦' .'•¦¦¦..¦. : ...'"•/
SUTRO BATHS.
V OPEN NIGHTS. ' '. '- '¦ '
OPEN DAILY FROM ;7: A. M. to 11 :P. M.
Bathing from 7 a. ra. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. i : CHILDREN, Be
Bathing including admission 25c, children 20c.
ON AND AFTER MONDAY. , NOV. V-1901,
I r THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSB AT •P. M. ,
' ' AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing TVJ^-v-,. O
This Afternoon, IN CIV* O
ABSOLUTE
_NOVELT|ES!
FROM THE LONDON HIPPODROME.
THE ONLLAW TRIO
SENSATIONAL EQUILIBRISTS.
TiußWs
ACROBATIC "COMEDY
DOGS
And High Leaping Greyhounds.
THE LOCKOS
ENGLAND'S SCIENTIFIC BAG PUNCHERS.
JESSiTDALF"
PHENOMENAL GIRL BARYTONE.
TIUANBURKHART
AND CO., In "A LEAP FOR LOVE."
'^TiJYfsAF^'
THE JAPANESE MUSICAL COMEDY.
haHris^walters
THE EASTERN COMEDY DUO.
TiiElioaßAPD^
WITH NEW VIEWS.
LAST WEEK OF THE
BEAUX. AND BELLES
WITH A NEW REPERTOIRE.
Parquet, 25c. any seat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved. A few front
orchestra rows reserved, 60c; front rows of
balcony, reserved, 25c.
/ • ' —
QDFriAI ELECTION RETURNS
<ytrl^.\^lf\Lt, will be read from the
stage TUESDAY EVENING.
ELLERY'S
Royal
Italian
Band
RETURN ENGAGEMENT BY PUBLIC
DEMAND COMMENCING
Next Wednesday
Night, Nov. 6.
6 CONCERTS— NIGHTS OF "WED-
NESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY,
SATURDAY. MATJNEES —
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Metropolitan Temple
Fifth street, near Market.
POPULAR PRICES— BOc. 75c, $1.00.
Season tickets, $2.00, $2.50, $3.50. Mati-
nees, BOc any seat.
Seats now selling — Sherman, Clay & Co.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Jndge; JAS. T. GRACE, Blipptr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - November 3
TWO NOTABLE
COURSING EVENTS.
Special
—AND—
Open Stakes
$IOT)O-TOTAL PURSE-SIOOO
TRAIN SERVICE.
LiCZVes Third and Townsend streets 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every four
minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
pi^RACING
EVERY WEEK DAY-RAIN OR SHINE.
SEASON 1901-1002.
OPENING NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
NEW CALIFORNIA JCCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p: m., connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cam at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars ro direct to the track in fifteen minutes
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Preside**?"" 1
R. B. MILROT, Secretary.
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
HARRY HARMON,
In His Sensational High Dive.
THURSDAY NIGHT,
THE AMATEURS
SATURDAY NIGHT,
CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats Park 28.
AMUSEMENTS.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
GRAND OPERA
By the Entire Company. Including Chorus,
Ballet and Orchestra. From the .
Metropolitan Opera House,
. NEW YORK,
Under th* Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
BEGINNING MONDAY, NOV. 11, and
CONTINUING THREE WEEKS, AT
Grand Opera House
MONDAY EVENING, Nov. 11, at 7:45 o'clock.
LOHENGRIN (in German)
Mmes. Emma Eames and Schumann-Helnk;
Messrs. Van Dyck. Blspham. Muhlmann and
Edouard de Reszke. Conductor. Mr. Walter
Damrosch.
TUESDAY EVENING. Nov. 12. at I o'clock.
CARMEN (in French)
Mmes. Emma Calve. Bauermeister. Van Cau-
teren and Suzanne Adams; Messrs. Salignac.
Journet. Bars, Dufriche, Relss and Scottl. _
Conductor, Mr. Flon.
"WEDNESDAY EVENING. Not. 13. at 8 o'clock.
LA TRAVIATA (in Tt.H*o)
Mmes. Sembrich, Van Canteren. Bauer-
meister; Messrs. Campanari, Vanni, Bars.
Dufriche. Gillbert and De MarchL Conductor,
Mr. Seppllll.
THURSDAY EVENING. Nov. 14, at 8 o'clock.
TANNHAUSEfe(in German)
Mmes. Emma Eames. Bridewell and Louise
Reuss-Belce; Messrs. Van Dyck, Blass. Bars.
Relss. Muhlmann, Vivlanl and Bispham. Con-
ductor, Mr. Walter Damrosch.
FRIDAY EVENING. Nov. 15. at 8 o'clock.
LBS HUGUENOTS (in Italian)
With the following extraordinary cast: :Mmes.
Gadski, Louise Homer, Bauermelster. Van
Cauteren and Sembrich; Messrs. De Marchl,
Journet, Scotti. Bars. Relss. VlTianl, Dufriche.
Vanni and Edouard de Resike. 'Conductor.
Mr. Flon. •
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, Nor. 1«. at 1
, . o'clock,
FAUST (in French)
Mmes. Emma Calve, Bauermelster and Louise
Homer: Messrs. Dippel. Campanarl, Dufriche
and Edouard de 'Reszke. Conductor, Mr.
Seppllll. .v
SATURDAY EVENING, Nov. 18, at 8 o'clock.
MANON (in French)
Mmes. Sibyl Sanderson, Marylll. Bridewell.
¦ Van Cauteren; Messrs. Declery, Journet, Glll-
bert, Bars and Salignac Conductor, Mr. Flon.
The sale of seats for any of the above per-
formances will begin on
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 6. AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. AT 9 A. M.
Prices— s2. $3. $4. $5 and V.
WEBER PIANO USED.
GRANDS
- LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"MY FRIEND_FROM INDIA."
Week Starting TO-MORROW (Monday) EVG, \
FAREWELL WEEK OF
WALTER E. PERKINS
— IN '-¦*:/;:
"THE NEW BOY."
A Farcical Comedy by Arthur Law.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 13c, 60c. 75c
¦ ' Good Orchestra Seats, all Matinees. 2Sc.
Branch Ticket > Office Emporium.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE-
Northern Assurance
(Inorpor»t«d 1836— Pacific Coast 1853)
V .| COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE JIST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for the
year ending on that - day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611' of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $1,500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,494,650 31
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,337, 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 18,831,940 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-.
ketable securities as collateral.... 084, 341 «0
Cash in Company's Office 6,980 71
Cash in Banks 421,303 61
Interest due and accrued on . all
Stocks and Loans 215,151 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 56,319 31
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 133,259 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 76.479 79
Rents due and accrued .¦ 5,954 11
Stamps 1.173 OS
Reversions owned by the Company.. 1,749.618 88
Due from other Companies and from
Agents 944,802 68
Total Assets $29,359,871 79
LIABILITIES. I ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ¦ $320,450 93
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses • >,
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $ -;
reinsurance 50 per cent ."..
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1.880,774 42
running more than one year,
— — ; reinsurance pro rata....
Liability under Life Department.... 13.674,887 94
Bills payable 31.514 73
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,604 29
All other Liabilities .» 163, 13 33
Total Liabilities $22, 085, 346 71
INCOME. — — — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 761,548 &3
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums 1,324,138 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 951.661 63
Received for Rents .: ;.... 60.233 46
Received from all other sources 374.732 73
Total Income $8,462,315 13
EXPENDITURES. : % " . "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) ......................... $2,152,533 83
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) -1.370.64167
Dividends to Stockholders.... 449,145 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ~ f 827.507 85
Paid - for Salaries. Fees and other :
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 743 877 S3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •- 106,673 94
All other payments and expendi-
tures • • 253,344 36
Total Expenditures $5,704,025 08
-v i " - ¦ Fir " '
laoeses Incurred during the year.... $2,085,943 25
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~ TT
written during the
year ....-...: — $1,225,037,912 $3. 761. 54« «a
Net amount of Risks *».iw.MSS3
expired during the
year ...'..: ;. 1,178,277,409 I 617 817 50
Net amount in force •••".m 50
December 31, 1900... 816.691,942 2.507.698 22
ERNEST CHAPLIN Chairman: '
_. : • _.._ Jl'J 1 ' E. WILSON, General Manager
iff b s^SiiK^srr k - to b*forBb * for8 me - nth
H. G. BISHOP. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
21 SANfOMB STREET,
San Francisco.
CEO; F. GRANT - - - - . Manager,
; San Francisco O.'fice, 209 Sansome Street.
H. C. AHPEL & CO., Agents.
\ AMUSEMENTS.
¦*T.iy_O|Ll*
TO-NI6HT— LASfOF GRAND OPERA
La Boheme.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2,
Great Programme in Aid of the
VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Twenty Artists and a Full Orchestra.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 4th,
FIRST APPEARANCE IN AMERICA
Of the Success of Australasia. South Africa.
India. China and Japan,
POLLARD'S
AUSTRALIAN
Juvenile Opera Co.
In the Sparkling Comedy Opera.
THE
Belle of New York,
EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY at L
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c
Telephone Bush I.
TO-NIGHT ONE WEEK
SPECIAL. JOCKEY NIGHT— FRIDAY.
Jacob LiU's Original No. 1 Company— As Fresh,
as Bright, as on the Day of Its Birth.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
The Famous Original PICKANINNY BRASS
BAND and other interesting features. Grand
Street Parade to-day at 4p. m. Ragtime Open
Air Concerts every evening at entrance to thea-
ter. Election returns announced from stage
TUESDAY NIGHT by Special Wire.
Seats Ready. SHORE ACRES.
CALlFORNlA— Ellinghouse and Op-
penheimer beg to announce Three Explanatory
Recitals at the Piano on WAGNER'S "Parsi-
fal," "Die Meistersinger." "Tristan und _
Isolde." by Waiter Damrosch. afternoons of
Nov. 5, 7, 12. at 3:15. Seats ready. Prices 11.50,
fLOO, 50c.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
flOtnCn O Admission lOc.
• Eleanora Jenkins: Swor and Hathaway; Cell*
De Lacy: Wise and Milton; The Laskeys: Bush-
laush; Christian; George Jones and Hlnrichs*
Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 25c. Mat. Sunday.
PALACE MOTEL. "
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
I tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. . Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANT. ON THE JIST
day of December, Jl. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. •
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 165,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 371, 1N 25
Cash in Company's Office 1,*46 53
Cash in Banks 11,970 05
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans ' 1,250 S3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 829 81
Premiums In due Course of Collection 92.251 92
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3,086 52
Certificates of Deposit in hands »of
Trustees 79,327 13
. Total Asset! $616,623 S3
. LIABILITIES. ~ ===:
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4, 42« 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 13.8C3 57
Losses resisted, Including expenses... 19,900 o<>
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $350.134 97; re-
insurance 50 per cent 177.332 13
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning more than one year. J211.018 51 :
reinsurance pro rata 109,951 55
All other liabilities ; 45.750 id
Total Liabilities 871.224 «4
IXCOME. ~~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $437,583 23
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,59127
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 14,808 SO
Received from Home Office 69.636 1$
Total Income $326, 853 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $43,639 64, losses of previous
years) $408,383 59
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerasa - 113,353 S3
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 28,186 42
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 12,434 03
All other payments and expenditures. 24.739 <;
Interest remitted to Home Office 15,667 63
Total Expenditures 15392.971 10
Fire.
Losses Incurred during 1 the year $387,41:.' 46
Risks and Premiums. , Fire Risks. \ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,045,819 $669,902 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year „.. 69.962.409 874.978 93
Net amount In force
• December 31. 1900 ; 43.063.878 666,20184
ADOLPH LOEB, U. a Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this ISth
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
WALTER~SPeYER,
General Agent* for the Pas if Is
Coast States and Territories,
25 SAN SO ME STREET
San Francisco. Cal.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGOItATORffGf7!|
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five mJ|^ l
hundred reward for any case we pi K&O
cannot cure. This secret remedy I h
cures Emissions. Impotency, ESS Bel
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, I flff! I**fn
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- li*K| |iii|i
hood and all other wasting ef- CSQ f*Tfl
fects of self-abuse or excesses Ls£&rr.££i]
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed \
to cure any case. Call or address orders^
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 856 Broad-
. way, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at Ittt'a
Market St.. 3. F. Send for free book.
1 Weekly Call,sl.oo per TearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker again. Exchange unchanged.
Local bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
Wmm fNifc Spot Barley a fraction higher.
Oats firm. Com continues to shade off.
Bnm and Middlings liberally offered. Corn products zveak.
Hay in free receipt and not over firm.
Beams continue strong, zcith large white still higher.
:tocs in lighter supply and firmer. Onions steady.
\ tgetable market well supplied and quiet.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry announced for to-morrow.
Game continues to arrive in good condition.
Fresh Fruits shew little change. 'Dried Fruits still dull.
Pro-Asions quiet and easy.
Light Hogs in over supply. Heavy and medium arriving moderately.
Jioderate trading on the local stock exchanges.
Local Bank Clearings.
Local back oleartngß during the past week
¦were 706,728. against $24,1JL077 during the
ei-me 'reek last year.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
Floui^-Exports of flour from this port by sea
during the month of October were 132.291 bbls,
valued at $407,441. against 94,281 bbls, valued
at fSIC,6«9 in October, 1900. Since July 1 the
exj>orts were 453.079 bbls. valued at $1,378,161,
cgaicrt t59,359 bbls. valued at $864,363 during
the sa.ne period in 1300.
Wheat— Exports of wheat during the month
¦were SS4.E2S ctls. valued at $968,180. against
C26.C24 ctls, valued at $668,544 during October,
J3OO. : ; lnoe July 1 the exports amount to 1.918,-
Z-H bb.s, valued at $1,892,032. against 1,732.350
tifcls, valued at $3,854,210 during the same
f-criod last year.
Barley— Exports of barley In October were
f 08,455 ctls, valued at $7«,566, against 232 S6B
ctis, valued at $258,965 in October, 1900. The
«Kportii since July 1 were 2.159.470 ctls. valued
ct $1,156,545, against 1.470.885 ctls, valued at
t1.t15,2.»4 -ring the» cunt period in 1900.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
Tine— Exports of wine from this port during
tne month of October were 1,437,267 gals and
r*S cs. valued at $4«1,460, making the total
exports eince January 1, 4,753,785 gals and
- valued at $1,703,728.
- of brandy during the
month were 1386 gals and 9 cs, valued at $1856.
1 hese exports amount to 4311
t, vaiued at $4512.
Exports of Quicksilver. .
• **"
Experts of oulckellver In October were 440
flasks, valued at $19,016. The total exports
elnce January 1 were 4558 flasks, valued at
?no,COI.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
c:. !:a"»3 October 31 as follows:
United States cotes •. $10,522 00
Treasury notes of IS9O 173 00
National Back notes 5.575 00
Silver Certificates 31,605 00
Gold coin ..._. 29,765.036 49
Standard silver dollars 81,853,139 00
Fubsidiary silver coin 229. 15
Minor coin 21.482 76
Fractional currency JO 00
Coupons . 1.01175
2Ji£ce.laneous 715*50
TotE.l $61,318,498 65
The shipments of silver during the menth
¦were as follows:
Standard silver dollars ?H?..500
Fractional silver coin 128.370
Totjil $271,570
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail reports from New York say.
"Supplies of currants were Increased about
10.DOO •Ms Saturday by the arrival of the
LacMir.a, this vessel being the sixth to reach
l.ere this fall wi^i new crop from Greece. The
total quantity of currants r.ow arrived in the
local market is in the neighborhood of 9000
tons. The Guildhall is due at the end of ME
present week with about 1500 tons additional.
Other cargoes to come are the Abozzla and
the IPocahontas, both of which vessels are yet
ta lead at Patras. Demand- for currants was
lather quiet during the week but showed seme
little improvemsnt toward the close. Actual
i=pot quotations were unchanged Saturday at
f.%e for Amalias in bbls. The Lacroma, it is
stawd, was largely cold to arrive, but it is
understood £oods were offered from her during
the week Irom S'v'^S^c.
"Prunes are weaker on the coast, Santa
Claris, new crop, now being offered as low
as Z'£e basis. Sonomas at 2%c and Visalias at
£%C Sale tit a car of Visalias was reported
Faturd&y. but buyers as a rule have little
confidence in the market and are not taking
l-old Oregon prunes are easy and slow at a
£c tasls for practically all sizes except 30s,
v-hich are at a premium of V^c, and 60-70s,
vhich can be boucht in some quarters at a
basis: of lvjc. On the spot, prunes are having
very good call in a •-.ill way and new goods
arc eolng out about as rapidly as they ecme
10 hand. Raisins are quiet and easy. Offer
ing* of fancy seeded 11 8c f. o. b. coast by one
cuts.de packer, attract little attention, the
foods turned out by the packer in question
not in favor with the local trade. Loose
laislr.s are quoted at Cc on the spot for 3
cron-n. with a fair request In a small way
Old see<2!ess Muscatels are in good supply.
with some negotiations reported under way
for pood lots. New Malaga layers are meet
ing quite pood demand. Valencias are very
Flow. Apricots continue dull. Figs are firm
.fr,r rood quality and are helped by firm mar
lwts abroad.
"Deircr.d for nuts is improving. New Tarra
gona almonds are celling from 1114@11%c.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last eeason, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hrs. Season. Season.
Kureka 00 6.7S 7.55
Red Jii-jff 00 ' 8:90 J.CS
Bac:"amento 00 1.90 1 S2
San Francisco 00 1.42 1 S5
Fre:sno 00 I.IS .43
Independence 00 1.07 .34
Sen Luis • spo 00 2.86- 1.93
Los Angeles 00 2.00 .2S
San Diego 00 .34 .90
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature
71: minimum. 53; mean, £2. '
The following maximum* and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ."... 66-44 Omaha 68-52
Cincinnati 64-40 Duluth 60-40
Washington 70-421 Salt Lake City.... 62-40
Jacksonville 78-60 .Chicago 60-48
NeT York 60-481 St. Louis 6S-50
Kansas City 75-54 Philadelphia 68-48
THE COAST RECORD.
B 2 g 0 » .1
ETATioxa I:3: I S. 8 I"- £
ETATICN& 5 : 3 : = ?• 5 ~
Mil IeI c
• * • '¦ J
Astoria- 30.36 62 43 KB Cloudy .00
Baker SO. 46 80 BE Pt Cldy .00
Carson 20.18 £2- 36 KB Clear .00
Bui-eka. 30.30 6? 42 H Clear '• " .00
Fresno.. SO. 76 60 NTT Clear .00
Flagstaff ....80.20 58 10 W Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho... 46 12 SW Clear .00
Independence 30.06 70 46 NW Clear -'.00
Lot Anerelek^ 30.0* 70 56 V? Clear .00
Phoenix 80 62 W Clear .00
Poitland 30.36 64 38 W Pt Cldy .00
Re<l Bluff 30.14 72 64 N Clear .00
Rotteburg 30.34 54 38 'W Pt Cldy .00
Sacramento 30.12 70 P KB Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.40 44 4v NW Clear. .00
Sari Francisco 30.14 70 64 ' Pt Cldy .00
Sail Luis 0b15p0...30.12 76 46 >» Pt Cldy .00
Bail Diego SO. 66 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.38 54 38 "W Cloudy T.
Spokane 30.48 46 30 SB Cloudy .00
Neihßay 30.32 46 40 E Rain .10
WtJla Walla 30.42 54 36 SW Clear .00
Wlnnesmcca 30.34 48 26 N Cloudy' .00
Yum*. 25.94 84 66 E Pt Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
.La area, of high pressure overlla* tb» north
western portion of the country. During the
past twelve hours there has been a rapid rise
over Nevada, Idaho and Utah. No rain has
fallen west of the Rocky Mountains, except in
the extreme northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November Z:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, becoming
cloudy at night; cooler in the morning in
northern portion; light northerly, changing to
easterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fiiir Sunday, oontinued cold
weather; light northerly winds. Frost Sunday
morning.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday, be
coming cloudy at night; light northeast winds,
changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER O. McADIB,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The stock market was
spotty and irregular to-day, but made a firm
closing at about the best, generally after the
appearance of the weekly bank statement.
Very large orders were placed in various stocks
to effect the rally. The selling was after the
bank statement had been considered and the
earlier gains had been pretty well wiped out.
Union Pacific was most prominent in the rally
and was marked up to 103>4 through many
offerings of several thousand share blocks each.
The Southern Railway stocks. Baltimore and
Ohio, Amalgamated Copper and United States
Steel preferred also rallied strongly, the last
named rising a point over last night. St.
Paul was notably heavy and rallied but feebly,
dropping back to the lowest of the day just
at the close. The general movement was nar
row, but some less important stocks moved
widely. People's Gas was sharply depressed.
There was strength in Illinois Central and the
St. Louis and San Francisco stocks. It was
hoped that the gold exports, coming late in
the week, would not figure for their full
amount in the bank statement under the aver
age system. But the cash decrease proved to
be $1,500,000 in excess -of the estimates. The
loan item showed the prospects of loan ex
pansion by the banks still heavy In force. The
London money market showed relief by redis
bursement o: November dividends and sterling
at Paris recovered a fraction. Further gold
exports frrni New York next week are counted
ay a practical certainty. The strong rally in
Union Pacific at the close was accompanied
by rumors that a statement of the terms of
the Northern Pacific settlement was a- possibil
ity before trading was resumed on Monday.
Prices of stocks have drifted uncertainly
during the whole of the past week, with no
consistent movement denned at anytime. The
conflicting eddies in the pool of
have been due to movements of individual
stocks under the influence of special Causes.
The prevailing impression among market ob
servers has been one of dullness near to the
record Sow l>-veL For the first time this year
the weekly transactions in stocks have fallen
below the aggregate transactions for the cor
responding period last year during one of the
weeks of October, yet a survey of the transac
tions of the whole month reveals an aggregate
of $14,023,147. compared with a total of $10,900,
• October of last year, which was in tura
the largest aggregate of transactions for any
October in the previous ten years. Sales of
bonds for October Just ended amounted to a
par value of HMM.MO. compared with $42,297,-
October of last year and $59*847,980 in
Octor* It will be seen therefore that
the sensation of dullness is due to the con
trast with the furious activity of the specu
lative furor of the earlier part of the year,
when the dally transactions ran from 1,000,0 "
to 3,000,000 shares a day for many consecutive
days. It is true, however, that speculative
operation* have fallen to a low ebb and are
left almost wholly in the hands of professional
opera I
The multiplication of securities listed and
dealt in by their expanded share issues ac
counts for the maintenance of the amount of
business in the stock market above any pre
vious record for the corresponding time of the
year. The usual withdrawals of banking de
poFits for active circulation In the course of the
crop movement makes this nominally a period
of dullness in speculation. The fostering cause
of speculative activity is the accumulation of
idle reserves in the banks, wnlch are employed
by the average speculator in the form of loans
on call.
It is found to be the invariable rule that a
demand for money for mercantile and indus
trial pur)<oses works a contraction of the sup
ply available for speculative purposes on call,
no matter what the ruling in the rate for call
loans may amount to. Thus, in December,
¦ hen the war In the Transvaal broke out,
demand for call loans for speculative commit
ments on the Stock Exchange ran the rate up
to IS6 per cent per annum and precipitated a
severe panic, but did not check the outgo of
sold to London. Speculation is therefore nat
urally timid in times of strong currents in the
shifting of money supplies. Opinions continue
to vary as to what will be the ultimate direc
tion of values when speculation issues from
its present dormant and hesitating condition.
The aggregate requirements of foreign money
markets until the turn of the year are still
undefined and the events of the week point
to the likelihood that the New York money
market will be called upon to meet those re
quirements. The beginning of gold exports In
Paris and the advanced Bank of England dis
count rate point clearly to the conclusion. The
ability of foreign markets to command gold
fr'>m New York in face of the heavy trade bal
ance in our favor for many months is now
seen to be due to the enormous return of for
eign holdings of securities to domestic holders
and large borrowings by home capitalists and
syndicates during the struggle for control of
the Northern Pacific and the organization of
the United States Steel Corporation. The pro
longation of the Boer war keeps Europe shut
oft* from Its customary source of gold supply,
while the continued production in this country
makes it the most available source of supply.
Industrial depression In Germany and in Rns
sia have involved heavy losses. French capital
having been heavily committed in Russia. This
la held to account for the calling home of
French capital.
There have been suggestions also that for
eign capitalists have not entirely approved of
the uses to which their money was put by the
borrowine from capitalists and syndicates here.
The depression abroad Is already reflected in a
degree in the decline in our exports and In
the increased competition for surplus products
and lower prices and the question obtains how
much further this tendency may go.
Attention has been attracted this week by
reports of retirement from business of wheat
exporters on account of disappointing foreign
demand and collapsed ship carrying rates, so
that speculative contracts both In wheat and
ocean freights have Involved losses.
The oxport of Iron products has avowedly
fallen to insignificant proportions, although the
urgent demands of the home trade are given
to account for this. It is one of the many
anomalies of the foreign exchange situation
that London has to shift the Paris demand for
gold on New York, while Australian gold is
diverted from Its usual course to London for
shipment to San Francisco and ultimately to
New York. The week's shipment of $2,850,000
to Paris is exactly counterbalanced by gold re
ceived In New York or in transit from Aus
tralia. The recall of bond purchases by the
Secretary of the Treasury only partly relieved
the tension of the disturbing effect upon the
money market for the unwieldy Government
surplus. Opinion Is not well defined as to
whether or not the country's prosperous condi
tions and prospects are not overcapitalized on
the basis of the large financial organizations
of the past year, notably the "Burlington"
deal, the United States Steel Corporation and
the general high level of prices for securities
still prevailing.
Railroad bonds have been quite active during
the week, with points of notable strength here
and there.
United States S# advanced %, the refunding
2s and the old 4s %, the 5b % and the new 4s
1 per cent above the cloalnr call of last week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 9,000 79 78% 78H
Atchlson pfd 1,100 97 96% 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 16,000 109 108*4 108%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 100 94% 94% 94
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
Canadian Paciflo 1,600. 111% 111% 111%
Canada Southern 800 84% 84* 84
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,000 47% 47% 47%
9; * A Uon ",\; m 36^ 36 36
I hie & Alton pfd . ..." 76«
Chic Tln2T In 2 & Louis 2,100 42' «ii 42 •
Chic Ind & Louis pfd... 200 71% 71% 71%
c & Great A pfd \ m ** 21 * 8 7y.
Chic & Great W B pfd .. '.'.'.'. '..'.'. 47
Chic & Northwestern... 100 210% 210% 209
Ch c Rock Is & Pac 11.000 144& 143% 143%
Che Term & Tran 100 20% 20% 20%
0 J^ TT InnI rm 5 Tran P fd - 37% 37 J7
Coo Southern too 13% 19% 13%
Co Southern Ist pfd... 100 64 54 53%
Cok) Southern 2d pfd.... 24
Del & Hudson 500 174 173" 173
Del Lack & West 237
Denver & Rio Grande.. 300 45 44% 44
Denver & R G pfd 500 92% 92 91%
Si}*: ;•;—,•• 4.200 41% 41% ; 41%
t? r . «"i pfd rr ' 800 70 * 70 70%
Erie2d'pfd 100 56% 56% 56%
Great Northern pfd 1,500 195% 194% 195
Hocking Valley 1,800 57 56% 66%
Hocking Valley pfd 600 77% 77% 77%
Illinois Central 8,900 140% 139% 140
lowa Central 1,800 41% * 40% 41%
lowa Central pfd .. . 600 78% 78 78
Lake Erie & Western... 300 72% 72% 72%
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 300 133% 131 . 133
Louisville & Nashville.. 3,200 104% 104 104%
Manhattan L 6,700 124% 123% 124
Metropolitan St Ry 700 155% 155 155
Mexican Central 100 22 22 ' 21%
Mexican National "".... i .... 13%
Minneapolis &St Louis. 800 110 109% 109%
Missouri Pacific 5,200 98% 98% 98%
Mo Kans & Tex 600 26% 26 26
Mo Kans & Tex pfd.... 1,400 61% 60% 61%
New Jersey Central 100 174% 174% 173
New York Central 600 159% 158% 158%
Norfolk & Western 100 66% 66% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd .. ..„ 89
Northern Pacific pfd.... 2,200 105% 104% 105%
Ontario & Western 2,500 34% 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 19,400 148% 148% 148%
Read n.SOO 43% 43 43%
Read ng Ist pfd 1.100 77% 77% 77%
Reading 2d pfd 1,100 64% 64 54
° _ L *S F 1,100 43% 42% 43%
St L, &S F Ist pfd 100 78% 78% 78
StL&SF2dpfd 1,300 68% 67% 68%
St L Southwestern , .... . 29
St L Southwestern pfd. 1.100 66% 56% 66%
1 1 f, 3 -" 1 ••;.; • 10 800 170% 169% 169%
St Paul pfd 300 190 189% 189%
Southern Pacific 9,400 60% 69% 60%
Southern Railway 83,800 33% 33 33%
Southern Railway pfd... 6,200 BST4 BS% 88%
Texas & Pacific . . 353?
Toledo St L & West 100 21 21 21
Toledo St L & West pfd 400 35 35 35
Union Pacific - • 63,900 103% 101% 103
Union Pacific pfd 700 89% 88% 89%
'^ a v M 10 20% 20% 20%
pfd.. 1,500 37% 36% 36%
wheeling & Lake Erie. 400 18 17% 17
Wheeling &LE 2d pfd . 28
Wisconsin Central 500 21 20% 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd ... 40*4
Express Companies —
Adams >i#< 18S
American „ . "" 132
United States .... .-,-. gg
Wells-Fargo 100 170 170 170
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 1,000 86% ' 85% 86%
American Car & Fndry 1,900 26% 26 26%
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 200 81 81 81
American Linseed Oil 17
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. 100 46% 46% 46%
Amer Smeltng & Refng 200 41% 41% 41
Am Smeltg & Refg pfd „ ™ 9514
Anaconda Mining C 0... 600 35 85 " 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 4,200 63% 62% 63
Colorado Fuel & Iron .... »«*•»<»
Consolidated Gas 200 214U 2iiii 2UU
Continental Tobacco pfd .. 114&
General Electric 100 258% 258% 258
Glucose Sugar 400 40% 40H 40%
Hocking Coal- .. 100 ' M. £* 14%
International Paper 200 20% 20% 20 v.
International Paper pfd 100 76% 76% 764
International Power 100 BS% SS% 88%
Laclede Gas j»ia
National Biscuit 100 • 42" 42 " 41 v
Na^nalltif. :::::::::: .80. 80 ** 20 * I?*
National Salt pfd , .'."" ,"" «
North American .... "" or
Pacific Coast 1Z
Pacific Mail ...'. ]£
People's Gas 33,400 103% 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car 900 43 42% 42&
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 300 82% 82% 82
Pullman Palace Car vita.
Republic Steel **!«
Republic Steel pfd 300 66% 66% 66%
Sugar 4900 llg us "* $*
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 100 60% 60U 60
Union Bag & Paper Co . 14
Union Bag &P Co p£d. 100 U% 71 It 71
vu n te Le!^p^ a th .!T:: 10 ° 117 ™ b
United States Rubber '." "" \iii
V S Rubber pfd Ad
United States Steel 10.100 42% 41% 42%
US Steel pfd 9 900 92% 91% fig
Western Union " 6 00 91% 91% 91%
Shares sold 358,800
CLOSING BONDS.
V I nt . I reg 109 L& N TJnl 45.... 101%
U I ref 2. c0up... 109 Mexican Cent 4s 83%
L _ S3s reg 108 Mcx Cent Ist mc 29H
US 3s coup 108 Minn &StL 4s 103 Vi
U S new is reg.. ..139 M X & T4s . " \wl
H 1 new 48 coup.. 139 MX & T 2ds. so 4
U I old 4s reg 112% N V Central is s" 105%
U S old 4s coup.. 112% N V Cent gen I%s 108%
DS D 8 reg 107 N J Cent gen 65.. 131 *
YA. 5b coup 107 No Pacific 4s 104%
Atchson Ken 45.... 103% ; No Pacific 35...:;: 72%
Atchlson adj 45.... 93% N& W con 4s 1 2
Bait & Ohio 4s 103 Reading Gen 4s""" 98
Bait & Ohio 3%5... 96%! SL&'l M con"ss'l?6%
B& O cony 4s 109%' SL& S F 45...!. 95
Canada So 2ds 108% S L Swestern lsts 97
Cent of r? a i S !"V-^ 8 L Swestern 2ds 79
Cent of Ga Ist inc. 70 SA&A P4b 87U
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107% So Pacific 494 9 .." 94
Chgo & Alton 3%5. 85 iSo Railway 55.... 120
8M & Q new 4s 98% Tex & Pac A .. : it
CM& S P gen 45.11 l 1 Tol SL& W4s Si 2
C& NW con 137% Union Pacific 4s 105%
CRI& P4s 106* U P cony 45...? 106%
C C C&SL gen 4s..lO4li' Wabash Ist. ..117%
Chgo Terminal 45.. 52 -, Wabash 2ds ..... 110%
Colo &So 4S 88% Wabash deb 8.. 69
D.* _ G 4s 103% West Shore 4s. 112*
Erie rrior lien 4s. 8% . Wheel L E *" : i
Erie general 45.... 87% Wis Cent 4s. 88U
S T, & D . ? lßtß --N>7% ICon1 Con Tobacco 45...': 64%
Hocking Val 4%5..107 11 s '
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Allce I. 40 Ontario '/"'lo 00
Breeee 1 00 Ophlr ....... 75
Brunswick C0n.... 10 Phoenix n«
Comstock Tunnel.. 6% Potos« . ."* }»
Con Cal & Va 170 Pavage ..."""H" ¦07
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada.".*.'." %
Horn Silver 90 , Small Hopes.... 40
Iron Silver 160 Standard •• * »n
! Leadville Con 05! tanaara 8 80
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- 1 Mining-
Call loans 3(3)4 Adventure ... 22%
Time loans 4@4% kllouez ... V."/ 4%
i Bonds— * Coke.. 61 Amalgamated V;::: "ft
N E Gas & Coke.. 61 Haltlc .7.7. 41S
Railroads— gingham ..!!'.'.'"" 28
! Atchison 78% Calumet & Hecla"66o
Atchison Dfd 96% Centennial .... isvi
1 Boston & Albany.2s6 Copper Range. "" finvJ
I Boston & Maine.. Dominion Col 48
Boston Elevated... 167 Franklin ¦ '" -ittu,
1 Fitchburgr Dfd •.. ..144% Mohawk ...'"" Jut
! Union Pacific .....103 -Old Dominion."'.'." 26%
I Mexican Central .. 21% psceola .. 9914
Miscellaneous — parrot ....".*." "" 37
American 'Sugar... 118 IQulncy .' 155
Am Tel & Tel 15b j^anta Fe Copper" 4Vi
General Electric. .2sß%! tamarack .. '"283
Mass Electric 37Vi Trimountaln . ' 40
iN E Gas & Coke.. 4 Trinity .... '.'" 25
United -£rult 82 United States 12
U S St&sl ;. 42%|Utah 23
V S Steel pfd 92 Victoria ."" 72U
• . I Wolverine " £7%
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Loans, $891,922,900; Increase $7,333 200
Deposits, $95»,062,400: increase, $3,566,300
Circulation, $31,875,900; increase, $112 700'
Legal tenders, $71,534,700; Increase $1 140 800
Specie, $178,468,700; decrease, $4,790,100 '
Reserves, $249,998,400; decrease $3 338 800
Reserve required, $239,515,600; Increase, '$891 -
E75. '
Surplus. $10,482,800; decrease. $4 230 375
The Financier says: The bank statement was
made on rising averages for cash, there having
been a payment on Friday by the sub-treasury
of about $1,000,000 for bonds, the purchase of
which was made under the order of October
31. Early next week at least $1,000,000 will be
raid for Yukon gold to the Bank of British
North America, and unless this money Is
shipped to Canada or to Europe it will remain
on deposit In our banks. It will be observed
that the increase in loans continue unchecked
there having been a gain In this Item since
September 21 aggregating $26,973,700. Inas
much as neither the Stock Exchange require
ments nor mercantile borrowings will account
for this increase It seems most likely due to
forelgnNexchange operations and to negotiations
of loans upon securities by syndicates The
purchase of unmatured bonds by the treasury
which began on Friday last, will .probably
tend somewhat to Increase the cash holdings
of the banks and possibly to such an extent
as to counterbalance moderate withdrawals for
shipment to Europe. Should the foreign de
mand for gold be large, however, it can scarcely
fail to have an Important Influence on the bank
reserves, at least until currency shall return
In volume from the Interior. It should be
noted that while the gold withdrawn for ship
ment is a direct loss to the New York banks
all the money paid for unmatured bonds does
not remain in those Institutions, a pait thereof
being distributed throughout the interior and
a considerable portion going Into savings banks
in return for the bonds they have sold. Hence
the New York banks are likely to lose largely
should gold exports continue.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: -Available cash
balance, $175,363,761; gold, $109,862,227.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was stagnant, few
signs of activity being present. Americans were
the only feature and the tone of these was
rather patchy. Louisville and Nashville was
dull on "the September statement, while most
others were above parity. Union Pacific was
speoially in demand, while Atchison was also
wanted.
Gold to the amount of £20,000 baa been en
gaged in Australia.
CLOSING.
Anaconda. 7%; Atchlson, 80; Atchison pre
ferred, 99%; Canadian Pacific, 114; Denver and
Rio Grande, 45%; Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 94%; Northern Pacific preferred, 108:
Southern Pacific, 62; Union Pacific, 105%; Union
Paciflo preferred, 91%. Bar silver, weak,
26 7-16 d per ounce.. Money, 1%@2 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 22.
878 barrels; exports, 37,988 barrels. Inactive and
generally steady; winter patents. $3 50@3 85; do
straights, $3 30@3 40; Minnesota patents, $3 70®
3 95; winter extras, $2 60@3; Minnesota bakers,
$2 90@3 25; winter low-grade. $2 30@2 40
WHEAT— Receipts. 21,100 bushels; exports,
152,798 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red 80%0 f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, TT%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78% cf, o. b. afloat- No. 1
hard Duluth. 84% cr. 0. b. afloat. Options
opened barely Bteady with corn and ruled quiet
all day, being sustained by light offerings, a
scattered demand from shorts and steadiness
of outside markets. Closed firm, %c advanced;
March closed, 79% c; May, 79@79%c closed at
79% c; December, 76%@76 13-16 c, closed at 76% c.
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1901
crop, 12@15c; 1900 crop, 9Q>l4c; 1899 crop, ft@llc.
Pacific Coast, 1901 crop, 12@15%c; 1900 crop,
9@l4c; 1599 crop, 6@llo.
HlDES— Steady; California, 21@25 lbs, 19%0.
WOOL — Quiet; domestic fleece, 25<g26c; Texas
16igl7c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@11c. Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points higher, with
the tone weak; total sales, 25,000 bags, includ
ing January, $6 30; March, $6 30@6 50; May,
$6 50@6 66; June, $6 75; July. $6 85; August,
$6 SO; September, $6 85@7 06.
SUGAR— Raw market, quiet and easy; fair
refining, 3%@'3 5-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c;
molasses sugar, 8c; refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.40 c;
No. 7. 4.30 c: No. 8. 4.20 c; No. 9, 4.15 c; No. 10,
4.10 c; No. 11. 4.05 c; No. 12, 4.05 c; No. 13, 3.95 c;
No. 14 3.950 ; standard A, 5.90 c; confectioners'
A, 4.90 c; mold A. 4.60 c; cut loaf, 5.60 c; crushed.
5.60 c; powdered, s.2ifc; granulated, 5.10 c; cubes,
5.30 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4800 packages; firm;
State, dairy. H@2lc; creamery, 15@22%c; June
creamery. 17%(521%c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS — Receipts. 4100 packages; Westerr.
candled. 21<g>22c; Western uncandled, 16@21%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples Quiet but steady. State
common and good, 6@Bc; prime, B%c; choice, 9c;
fancy, 9%@9%c.
California dried fruits dull.
PRUNES— 3%®7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%®13c; Moorpark, B@l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed,. ll@18c; unpeeled. 6@9%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Corn ruled easier early in
the short session, December opening %@%c
lower, at 57% cto 57% con weaker cables. There
was still present that disposition to take prof
its that brought a sag in this pit yesterday and
there was liberal selling all around both by
shorts and by traders who wanted to clear up
for Sunday. Commission people, however, held
big buying orders and when attempts were
made to till them and nothing was found 00
the market the bull clique began operations
and shoved December up to 58%@59%c. There
was a good cash demand outside, and receipts
were still light. December closed strong, %c
advanced, at 58% c.
Wheat had a dull, narrow market, easy dur
ing the early part of the session and aided at
the close by the bulge in corn. December
opened a shade to '/sfcUc lower, at 70% cto
70% con weaker cables, heavy receipts and a
desire to liquidate over Sunday. Prices even
eased oft a shade as a result of an absence of
any outside interest. Primary receipts were
almost double those of last week and world's
statistics promised to be bearish Monday, but
in spite of this depression, when the rise In
corn came wheat Immediately responded and
closed %@%c higher, at 70% c.
Oats were dull and steady, following the lead
of corn. December closed firm, %@%c higher,
at 36%@36%c.
Provisions had a dull, dragging market on
lower prices for hogs. There was some special
pressure on the lower opening, but enough was
offered in the face of a limited demand to keep
prices down. January pork closed 2%c lower,
lard 2%c down and ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November .... .... 70%
December 70% 70% 70% 70%
May 73% 74ft 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
November 56% 55% 56% 57%
December 57% 58% 57% 58%
May 59% 60% 59J4 60%
Oats No. 2—
December 36% 37 36% 36%
May 38% 39% 38% 39
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 14 85 14 90 14 80 14 90
May 14 95 15 05 14 95 15 05
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 8 65 8 70 8 65 8 70
November 855 8 87% 855 8 57%
December 8 52% 8 57% 8 52% 8 57%
January 8 57% 8 62% 8 57% 860
Short Riba, per 100 lbs—
January 7 62% 7 72% 7 62% 7 72%
May 775 7 82% 775 7 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: winter patents, $3 40@3 50; straights,
$2 90@3 90; clears, »2 60@3 10; spring specials. $4
@4 10; patents. J3 25@3 60; straights, $2 70@3 10;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68V4@69c; No. 2 red, 71%@
71% c; No. 2 oats, 38%@39%c; No. 2 white, 40V>@
4iy 4 c; No. 3 white, 40@40%c; No. 2 rye, ,55% c;
fair to choice malting barley, 54@58c; N0.,1 flax
seed. $146; No. 1 Northwestern, $146%; prime
timothy seed, $6 SO'g'S 85; mess pork, per bbl,
$13 80@13 85; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 55@8 57%; short
rib sides (loose), $7 80@8; dry salted shoulders,
(boxed), 7%©7% c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 80@8 10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 254.000 176.000
Corn, bushels 118,000 881.000
Oats, bushels 189,000 239.000
Rye. bushels s.ooo
Barley, bushels 72,000 78,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21%c; dai
ries, 13@19c. Cheese, easy, 9%@10»4c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 20c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 6 B^4 5 9%
Closing t 5 8% 59%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan.-Ai.-ril.
Opening Holiday.
Closl ng Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing y Holiday.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Cattle— Receipts, 20C;
steady; good to prime steers, quotations nom
inal, $6@6 80; poor to medium, $3 80@5 90; stock
ers and feeders, $2@l 25; cows, $1 25@4 80; heif
ers, $2 50<§5; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 50;
calves, $3@6 25; Texas steers, $3@4 10; Western
steers, $3 80@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16.000; s@loc lower.
Mixed and butchers, $5 10@6 10; good to choice
heavy. x $5 85@6 ; rough heavy, $5 50@5 65; light!
$5 50@5 85; bulk of sales, $5 70@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; strong; lambs, strong
Good to choice wethers, $3 50@4; fair to choice
mixed, $2 90@3 50; Western sheep, $3@3 85; na
tive lambs, $2 50®4 75; Western lambs, $3@t 50
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 2.— Cattle— Receipts
6500; steady; natives, $3@4 50; cows and heifers'
$1 26@5 10; bullfl and stags, $2@4 85; stockers
and feeders, $1 60@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 5500; 2%<Bisc lower. Light and
light mixed $5 554?5 85; medium and heavy
$5 70@5 95; pigs, $4 25@5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts none.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2— The market for metal 3
remained In an uninteresting and featureless
condition. The absence of market news from
London added to the already apparent dullness
Tin was dull at $14 75@'2St copper quiet at 116 85
@$17 for Lake and and $18 37%@16 62% for cast-
Lead dull at $4 37%; spelter dull at $4 37%
and iron dull at $9 sD<3>lo 50 for pig iron war
rants; No. 1 Northern fotondry, $15@16; No 2
Southern foundry, $14@15; No. 1 Southern foun
dry $14 50@15; No. 1 Southern foundry soft
$14 Bo@l6.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The exports of specie
from this port for all countries for this week
aggregate $1,127,656 silver and $2,857,585 gold.
The imports of specie for this week were $36,344
gold and $41,664 silver.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New York for this week are
valued at $11,667,239.
Foreign Markets. ;
LONDON, . Nov. Consols, 91 15-18. Silver,
26 7-16 d. French rentes, lOOf 80c. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and - steady; English country
markets, quiet and steady; Indian shipments of
wheat to U. X., 2000 quarters. .
• LIVERPOOL. Nov. 2.— WHEAT— No.
1 Standard California, 5s 10d@5s 10% d; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— 4 11-32 d.
HOPS (at London)— Pacific Coast, steady, £3
s@£2 Is. ' - V. T -:;
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2,— Cotton closed steady,
7@9 per cent higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 2.— Clearings, $461i
367; balances, $111,004.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2.— Wheat steady at b6@
56% c for Walla Walla; Valley, 55% c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 2.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, 55% c; Club. 64% c
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Fxchange, 60 days — $4 44%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 0 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago was dull and featureless,
and whatever firmness that market is showing
at present is due to the strength in Corn. The
export demand continues good.
This market was steady, but dull.
Spot wheat— Shipping, 6S%c@|l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls. 99% c.
BARLEY— The feeling was firm yesterday
and a sale of choice bright feed was made
at 76% c, an advance.
Feed, 76% c for choice bright, 72%@75c for No.
1 and 70@71%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Becond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Quotations remain without variation.
The market continues in good shape, especially
for seed lots.
Grays $1 10@l 22%; whites, $1 15@1 27%; Sur
prise, $1 30@l 32%; black, $I@l 20, and red.
$1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN— Chicago was easy on local realizing
at the opening, but strengthened later on.
Broomhall cabled a weak Liverpool market on
Snow's estimate, printed yesterday. Almost
afl points west and south of Chicago are pay
ing better prices than can be obtained in that
city, and the farmers are reluctant sellers.
This market continues to weaken, as will
•be seen by the quotations.
I.«rge yellow is quoted at $1 20@l 25; small
round yellow, $1 25@1 30; white, nominal; East
ern Corn, nominal.
RY»-72Vi.(a76'4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millshiffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25^
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
ig4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 Sit; B 35; In sacks.
$6 sO@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuifs.
Hay shows no change. Receipts continued
liberal yesterday, there being 73 cars on the
tracks. The demand continues good.
All feedstuffs are weak, and offerings of
Bran and Middlings are large.
BRAN— SIB!SI9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— |2O(S2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, »16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, »27@25; Jobbing, $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $31 50
@32; Cracked Corn, $32ifi32 50; Mixed Feed, $18
<&19.
HAY— AVheat, $9(f12; fancy. $12 50; Wheat and
Oat, $8 50@ll 50; Oat, $ii@lo; Barley and Oat
$7<&9; Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover. $5 50@7; Volun
teer, $s@B; Stock, $s<g" per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The demand for Beans continues, and large
White sold up to $2 70 and Blackeye up to $3 60.
Other descriptions were unchanged. Receipts
were 13,020 sks.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 60; Small White, |3@
3 30; Large White. $2 SOOI 70; Pea, $3 bO@3 75-
Pink, $2@2 30; Red, $3; Blackeye, $3 40@3 60 :
Llmas, $4 5004 65; Red Kidneys, $3 75@4 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary
1 3Vi@3 J AC for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah SHc'
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, ?1 90@2; Green $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes are moderate and the
market is stronger. Sale of 254 sks of Oregons
ex-steamer at $1 25, an advance. Salinas are
quoted scarce and firm. One car of Merced
Sweets came In.
Onions are steady at previous prices.
Hubbard Squash Is lower under much heavier
arrivals. Lima Beans continue scarce. Toma
toes ar^ depressed and cheap. Other Vegetables
remain about as before.
There was some demand for Bell Peppers for
shipment, but Chiles are dull and accumulat
ing.
POTATOES— S3tfi7Sc for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $liQ'l 35; Oregon Bur
banks, $1 25; River Reds, $1 35@1 50; Sweets
40c for Rivers and 75(580c for Merced.
ONIONS-$1 25@1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@7ac per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Greer Peas, l@4c for Gar
den; String Beans, H3'2c; Limas, 2@2^c; Cab
bage. 60@75c per ctl: Tomatoes, from Alameda
20(?|3oc; Dried Peppers. 10^12Hc; Green Okra 40
@s"oc per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cu
cumbers, 30<5"40c; Pickles, 2Ht?3c per lb for
small and l@l^c for large; Garlic, l^@2%c;
Green Peppers. 3u((tsCc per box for Chile and 40
@60c for Bell; Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 75c@$l; Marrowfat Squash, StKyS
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15ig>20.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was dull and nominal, as usual on
Saturday. Two cars of Eastern are announced
for to-morrow.
Receipts of Game were 75 sks, in good con
dition. Prices showed some variation.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; Live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers, and 14@i5c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings
$1 75®2; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3 50@4 50
for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young Roosters, $3 50
@4 50; old Roosters, $3 60@4; Fryers, $3 '5@
3 60; Broilers, $3 25®3 50 for large and J3@3 25
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brusn'
Mallard, $2@5; Canvasback, $3@4 50; Sprig $2 50
@3; Teal, $1 75@2; Widgeon. $1 50@2; Small
Ducks. $1 50@l 75; Black Jacks, English
Snipe, $2>Jack Snipe, $l' 50; Gray Geese $3 50-
White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per"dozen."
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter were large, two steamers
bringing in consignments from the north, and
another will arrive to-day. The market con
tinues weak, though prices show no change.
Some dealers are loaded up, whrte others are
carrying moderate supplies.
There is plenty of Cheese on the market, and
some dealers are very weak, while others ad
here to previous prices and say that they are
gettins them.
Cold storage and Eastern Eggs are still lib
erally offered and the market is kept weak in
consequence, though there is no decline.
Receipts were 21,500 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 498 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7300 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27Vs@2Sc per lb for
fancy anil 24@26<? for seconds; dairy, lS<S24c:
store Butter, 15<g>17c per lb; Creamery Tub.
21J?22fec; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, lS@l9o
per lb. -
CHEESE— New, 11%@12c; Old. 10% c; Young
America 12%@13c per lb; Eastern, 13<5t15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 38@39c for selected large, 35
(SST^c for good to choice and 32V,<§.34c for fair;
store, 22<g25c per dozen; cold storage, 20@22%c;
Eastern, lS@24c. with extra white at 27% c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Grapes from Martlnes cams In late and a
good many in large boxes were carried over.
Crates cleaned up for shipping. There waa
also some shipping demand for Pomegranates
and Persimmons.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are accumulating.
Gra.De Fruit is lower and weak at the de
cline. Oranges and Lemons are as previously
quoted. Strawberries and Logan Berries are
coming in poor.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra, 50©86 c
for good to choice and 25®50c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— 6Oc@SI per box.
PEARS— Winter Nells, $I@l 25 per box; com
mon, sOi£7sc.
QUINCES— 3S@S«c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6Sc@SI per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S6®7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES per chest.
LOQAN BERRIES— SS per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S4@6 per chest. •
HUCKLEBERRIES— NominaI.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10 50 per barrel;
COO 3 Bny, $2 50 i>er box.
FlGS— Black. $1 per box. '
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25®35c per box: Canta
loupes, 40@50c per crate; Watermelons, Js@lo
per 100.
GRAPES— Verdels. 40(@65c per box and crate;
Tokay, 50@S5c; Isabellas, $1; Muscat, 50@85c;
Black, 50@75c; Cornlchons, 50@86c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon, $3 25@3 75 for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 30<©3 50; Lemons, $I@l 26
for common and $2@2 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 50@3 50; Mexican Limes. $4®
4 50; Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch feu- New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, *3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for everything stand about the same.
The market continues dull.
FRUlTS— Apricots, 7@B%c for Royals and 89
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apales, 6(6 7c; sun-dried. 3%<94%c;
Peaches, 6®7%c; Pears, 4@Bc; Plums, pitted, 3%
®sc; ucpltted, l@2c; Nectarines. 5®5%c f.or red
and 5%©6% c for white; Figs. 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40" s, 5%@5%c; 40-50' 8. 4% 5.0 c; 50-80" », 4%a
4%c; 60-70' s. 3%@4c: 70-80' s, 3%®3%c; 80-90* s, 2%
©3c; 90-100" s. 2%®2%0 per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3 ; Dehesa, $2 50 ; fancy, $1 75 ; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$120; two-crown. $110. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown. 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, B%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded. 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@12%c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10
@llc for softshell and s@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12<@12%c;
.Filberts, 12@l2Vsc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
|3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12©12% c for bright and 10©
l%c for light amber; water white extracted,
s«§tfc; light amber extracted, 4@oc; dark, 4c
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicasro market was slightly higher on
the day. The cash demand was slow. Fair
banks' statement gives the world's stocks of
Lard at 137.000 .tierces, against 122.000 on the
same date last year.
This, market continued easy and dull, with
buyers holdins oft.
CURED MtATS- Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12% c for light medium, 13% c for light,
14% c for extra light and 15c for suga .-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 134 c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted st 8c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
l%e; 10-lb tins, 12% c; s-lb tins, 12% c; 3-lb tins,
12% c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half -barrels, 10% c; one tierce, 10% c; two tlecea,
10c; tive tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about I%C under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip -9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf, 10©
10% c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls and Brands,
16&17 c: sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool. 50@60c each; medium, 50@75c; long
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, 12 60
©2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry
U 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 36c; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c: No. 1 rendered, 319
BV-c per lb; No. 2. 4@4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7®Bc; Oregon Valley fine. 130
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 11013 c; do, fair to good, 9'rf
lie; Nevada, 10® 12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. 6Vi@B%c; San Joaquin
Lambs.' 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, B@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9@loc for fair and ll@l3c per lb for
cood to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market-
Packers continue to complain of large stocks
of very light Hogs, while there are hardly
enough heavy and medium weights to go
around. Quotations remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6ftc for Sheers and s@sHc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, B@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6H@7c; Ewes, 6®6!4c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, S^^ec
over 230 lbs, 5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent oft; boars, 30>per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
±iogs, 7%@9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; *£00l Bags. 32
©35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Bc; Frultßags, 5%®
6^4c for cotton and 7@7»4c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, *D per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. 17; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$3; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mousjtain descriptions. JS m
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
r RICE— China, No. 2, $4 15@4 20; No. 1, $4 70®
4 90; extra, $5 10@5 50; Japanese, $5 25@6; Lou
isiana, $4 2J@6 75; Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS— Calitornia Castor Oil, n cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c tor
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels: Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels, •>7>e' case^, '. M 'p;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 85c;
Whale Oii, natural white, 40^4^ per ga.on;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37»4c; cases. 42Vjc; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63^c for Ceylof and 584 c fcr Aus
tralian.
COAL Oil-— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13V4c; Pearl OH. in case*. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star,
20c- Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 214 c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20M>c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases,
TURPENTINE— 58% c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered, 4.75 c; Candy Granulated, 4.75 c: Dry
Granulated, 4.65 c; Confectioners' A, 4.85 c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.25 c; Extra C. 4.15 c:
Golden C. 4.05 c; D, 3.95 c; barrels. 10c more:
half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No ovders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrelß. 6.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than M per cent of Beet Sugar.
Imports from the lsla:.ds in October were
19,731,500 lbs, against 38,879,000 lbs for the same
month last year.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, NOV. 2.
Flour, qr sks 23.175! Lime, bbls 91
Wheat ctls 23. 1!>5| Broom Corn, bdl*
Barley, ctls 89,200 Shorts, sks 26
OatS Ctls 570 Wool, bales 2\2
Corn ctls 860- Mustard Seed, ska 400
Tallow ctls 132 Hops, bales v
Raisins, bxs 4.300; Hay. tons s«7
Quicksilver, risks 14 Middlings, sks 599
Sugar, ctls B00:Bran. sks J.ko
Leather, rolls ... 143 .Onions, sks 531
Hides, No Cs9 ! Beans, sks 13.020
Pelts, bdls 4981Potatce», ska 3,278
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 5.630 Bran, sks L7OC
STOCK MARKET.
Local stocks and bonds were dull, with no
changes of importance. Giant Powder continued
firm, selling up to $87. The oil stocks were dull
and unchanged.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 57,961 shares, valued at $14,228, the
leading sales being aa follows: Independence,
150 shares; Junction. 11.100; Monarch, 2000; Pe
troleum Center. 34,236; Lion. 4850.
Sales of stocks and bonds pn the Bond Ex
change during the first ten months of the year
AUCTION SALES
£* • £* -^
FIRST AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON I
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
FROM THE "
BURLINGAME STOCK FARM.
This consignment consists of Colts and Fil-
lies sired by Magnet, San Lucas, Imp. Bath-
ampton and Lincoln . 11, out of such good
mares as Lucresla Borgia, Tenebrae (lister to
Brunswick). Ray of Gold by Rayon d'Or. Sal-
ly Sensible, Callatine (dam of St. Callatine).
Sunlit (dam of Morlnel. El Rayo. etc). Viol*
by Hlmyar. I Declare, Physalts, Imp. Chiffle.
Hertha. Phoebe (dam of Count Hubert), Cor in -
thia, Abra Daly (dam of Burdock), etc. Ail
to be told without reserve or limit.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1901,
At 7:45 p. m.,
. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.. San Francisco, CaL
1-' .. . WILLIAM G. LAYNIt, Auctioneer.
Yearlings on exhibition Saturday. Nor. ?,
1901. Catalogues now ready.
were as follows, compared with the same period
in 1900: Of stocks, 347,097 shares, against 338,
683; of bonds, $5,742,420, against $4,499,370.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAT, Nor. 1— m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
4*a qw «mp..112%113 ; 4a qr c (new). 139 139%
4s quar re«....112 1 41U !3s quar coup.. 108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 55. 106% — . I Oceanic 3S 55.1<m4104
Cal-st 5s 113 — Omnibus C 129% —
C C Water 55..111%112%| Pac G Imp 4s. 96 88%
Ed L A P 6s. — 131% Pk & C H «3. — 113%
Fer &Cl H <8. — 122 Pk &O R 63.121 —
Geary-st 65.... — 100 Powll-st R Bs. — —
HC & S 5%5. —. — Sac EG R as. 93% 98
Do 53 99 — . SF & SJV 55.122%124
Los Ang R 05.117% — Sierra Cal «s.. — —
L A Light «5.101*4 — SP of Ariz «3
. Do gntd 65. .100 • — (1909) .....;. 113 113%
• Do gntd 55. .102 — (1910) ........114% —
L, A& P 55.... —. — 8 Pof Cal. (3
Do 1 c m 03. — 123 0905). Ser A. 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%123 • «19C5>. Ser 8.108% —
Do 1c m 55. 123% — ' (1906) 110% —
N R of Cal 65.111%113 (1912) 119% —
Do 6s ........121 — SP of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C os. — 107V2 c gntd 5a.... 109% —
Nor Cal R 55.. 112% — SPBrCal 65.134 —
Oak Gas 55... .111% — S V Water 8s.lll»4 —
Oak Trans 65. .123% — Do 4s — 103%
Do Ist c 53..U1%H2U Do 4a 3d m. — 10S%
Oak Wat g 55.103%104% Stktn Gas 102% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coata.. 73% 80 Port Coat*..... «3% 66
Maria County. 58 — I Spring Valley, 87 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L P...'— 4 Pacific Lights 41 —
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 3% 5% S F G & E.... H"n 46
Oakland — 52 San Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp.. 40 43 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — (
; BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79% LP * A....... — —
California ....1403 410 Mer Ex (llq) . . 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.109% — i S F National.l3o —
First Nationl.. 3ls — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1302%2050 | Bay & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Sar..2Ss 350
Mutual Say... 65 — I Union Trust. .1800 — •
S_F Say U....525 — I
STREET RAILROADS,
California ....130%— IOS L A H.... 40 —
Geary — - 60 i Presidio 32, —"•
Market ~ 88% 89%'
.- * POWDER. 8
Giant 88% 37%: Vlgorit .- 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana ..........4%,— j Kllau«a ...... 11 11%
Hawaiian — 47% Makawell 25% —
Honokaa 12% 13 lOnomea „24 24%
Hutchinson ... 16% 17% Paauhau ...... 12% 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 147% — Oceanic 3 Co. 44% 43
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac aux Fa. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 39% Pac C 80rax.. 165 —
Mer Exchange.llo — I Par Paint...... 18 —
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Bank of California 408 00
25 California Wine Association 89 50
15 Giant Powder Con 87 00
4 20 Honokaa Sugar Co .-». _ 12 50
40 Makaweli 28 50
25 Market Street Railway 89 08
165 S F Gas A Electric Co 44 87%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
Street—
3 Bank of California 408 00
35 Giant Powder Con 87 00
$10,000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R Bonds.. lol 73
$5,000 Spring Valley 6a 11150
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Giant 35
200 Monarch of Arizona 23
100 Peerless 5 0©
100 Peerless, b 90 5 50
30 Peerless , J»..
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90 oy
1500 Petroleum Center 08
3000 Petroleum .Center 07
500 Reed Crude 35
100 Sterling 1 27' i
50 Twenty-eight ISO
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in th» San Fran
cisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 29 500 Crown Point. 05
100 Con Cal &Val 75 400 Mexican 20
The following- were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch 16 500 Mexican ...... 20
200 Challenge Con 17 300 Ophlr *l
900 Choilar - 03 300 Yellow Jacket IS
200 Con Cal & Va 1 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Nov. 2—12 m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice
Alta 01 C2Kentuck — 62
Andes 03 06 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 07 08 Mexican 20 21
Beat & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 04 »>5
Bullion 02 04;Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 23 30 Overman OS 0«
Challenge Con.. 17 is Potosi 07 08
Choilar 07 <r< Savage 10 n
Confidence 71 77 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va.l 73 ISO Seg Belcher ... 08 03
Con Imperial... — Cl Sierra Nevada. 1» 13
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 28 31
Crown Point ... 06 06 St. Louis 03
Eureka Con 14 — Standard 3304 05
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 11 1- Lnion Con 13 14
Hole & N0r.... 22 2.' Utah 02 03
Julia — f1!f 1 ! Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
HOTEL AKRTVAXS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J C Lamb3on, Redding \ W C Peterson, Seattle
Ed H W Hamilton. Car C W Van Gelder, CM
Ralph Miller, Chicago S Gawik. Seattle
Miss L J Williams, ; Jas MeAranech. Nome
Taasajara j Jas McGahey, Nome
Mrs E R Williams, | Thos Payton, Nome
T&ssajara^ F a Dickey, Seattle*
Wm Dunn, San Jose ,<Z B Smith, SnLeandro
J H Byron & w. S Jose A R Thomas, Tiburon
J T Summers, Livrmre W S Coieman, Seattle
Wm D MacKelvery, C Otis, Chula Vist»
Ldvermore
PALACE HOTEL.
E B Colby, New York M Tillitson New York
J H Mathews, NY H F Barreb:. New Ylt
P B McCabe, Los Ang I G GafTagan, New Yk
H F Barrett, N V Mrs. Morrogh, Ireland
L T Wright, Cal. Miss Morrogh, Ireland
C G Dewald, Dayton. O Miss Burstall, Quebec
G S Whltson & w, NY \V H Ryan, Boston
C F Whitson, NY ¦ E Carey. San Jose
F L Whitson, New Yk Q B Mitcham, U 3 A
Capt Andain & w. N V J 3 Stlcht. U 8 Navy
Mrs O B Trafton.Sttle A B McCreary. Cal
H Lindley. Klaasathn T R Schulbach. Gerray
C W Pendleton, Los A Max Livingston, Phtla
F W Eaton & w, Cal H Livingston, Phila
J G Carey. Chicago H Schutte and wife,
C B Dewers. Sacto ' Guatemala.
A Storzel Mazatlan C J Hosmer, Seattle
"E Philippe &w, Cal J P Lindsay, Chicago
B W Lee. Los Angeles H E Andrews and
C E Locker, Mass wife, Loa Angeles
W F Waugh&w. Mass G W Baxter, Denver
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs J F Rutley. Dutch O G Gillette. Eureka
Harbor F W N-tfziger. Los Aa
Miss E Rutley. Dtch HDL Miller. St Louis
Miss M Rutley. tftc-h H S F Bryant. El I
W Bayard. Phtladelpha Mrs B W Layton.Ohio
Mrs D Holllster.Ourtrl C F Schwllk. Sacmento
Mlas B Hollister. Cnurt J S Perry. Petaluma
Miss Wagner. Courtlnd J B Eakle & w. Richnvl
G R Lombard. S Jose R M Lyman. Oakland
H B McClure, Vi3alla F A Tyler Jr. Auburn
J W Gasbuch, Berkeley J Rurham. StJohn. Kaa
W J Lester, Arizona L Durham StJohn, Ka.i
W Kelly. California E M Gregg. Grand Jet
J A Harris, Oakland A B LemmoTi.Sta Rosa
W S Ellsmore & w.Tex H Slater. Santa Rosa
G Wiles A w. Hartnez Mrs G T Candia and
H S Rel3. New York daughter. Stockton
L A Blasingame and D H Lutler. wife and
wife, Fresno daughter. Sauaallto
Miss D St John. Fresno J A Bunting, Bkersflli
Deaeonness ElMott.Uth E W Redpath. Boston
S Phillips. Los Angeles Mr and Mrs R J Nich-
B F Durphy * w. Cal ols. California.
S Solon Holl. Sacto C F Storey, Buffalo
T A O'Donnell. Los An Misa Mason. California
Mrs C H Davies. Cal ,H E Andrews A w.Cal
G G Radchliff.WatsnvllE W Manuel. VacavtLa
W W Swan, Montreal )
3940
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
Until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£16 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
I*4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Ml Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntil 9 d. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street : open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. J n^_^__
CHURCH SERVICES. _____
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and j
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., |
pastor, will preach at both services. 11 a. m. ,
topic, -Grow in Grace"; reception of mem-
bers and holy communion. 7:30 p. m. topic,
-Development In Service." Installation of
the officers fit the Y. P. S. C. E. All are
cordially invited. *
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh aye. and Clement st— Rev. Philip ,
Coombe pastor; residence 3115 Jackson St.; ;
telephone Pine 4475. 11 a. m. subject, Tue
Demand for Exceptional Men.' 7:45 p. m. i
theme. 'Buying Up the Opportunity." Sun-
day school. 9:43 a. m. C. E. Society. 6:4u
li m. Seats free. A cordial Invitation to
these services given to all who can attend
them. ,^____
CENTRAL Church. Mission st, between Sixth
and Seventh— Arthur H. Briggs and ¦
Herbert F. Briggs. 11 a. m., sermon by the ,
pastor. Topic, -Something Worth Showing. |
12:45 p. m., Sunday school. Rolla V. Watt, :
superintendent. 6:15 p. m.. Societies of Chris-
tian Endeavor. 7:30 p. m., concert; pro- :
gramme, organ voluntary, "Cuyue Amman ,
(Rossini), "And God Shall Wipe Away All |
Tears" <Cocmb6), "Show Me Thy Ways, O, j
God" (Torrenti). Mrs. Alice Cramer: "Re; 1
manre" (Guilmant), "Art Thou Weary? j
(Echnecker). 8 p. m., sermon by the pastor.
Topic, "A Pithy Prayer." Organist and
choirmaster. Roscoe Warren Lucy. The seat* :
are free *nd the people are welcome. I
ISIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal i
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.— ;
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach at \
1 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. In the evening there
¦Bill be held a "Harvest Festival" of sacred
song. Great choruses from Barnby, Ran- j
degger. Marston and Haydn by a full choir j
of thirty voices, under the direction of Mr. .
I. E. Blake. Seats are tree. All welcome.
X'NITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner j
Geary and Franklin cts.— Rev. Bradford Leav- :
itt minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister ;
emeritus; Chas. A. Murdock. superintendent
of Sund iy school. The Sunday school is at
ID o'cl--K:k. i The morning service, is at 11 '
o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will preach. Sub- ;
ject, "Lying Prophets." All are cordially In-
vited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN^ Church (Second), corner Capp !
and Twentieth sts.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:43 o'clock. The
minister will preach morning and evening.
Morning theme. "True Benevolence." Even- j
Ing theme.! 'The Christian Citizen." Free ,
seats ana i. welcome. j
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Services at \
1 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at ;
12:45 p. m. i Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. 1
Rev. W. K. Guthrie will preach in the morn- :
ing and Rev. Dr. Mackenzie in the evening. :
All are invited. \ I
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali- ;
fornia and Octavia sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, |
D.D.. paster. Dr. Marshall will preach at |
1 a. m. Rev. Geo. G. Eldredge, associate |
pastor, will preach at 7:30 p. m. Morning
Sabbath school at 9:45 o'clock. The Rallying ;
day service of the Sabbath school will be i
repeated at the afternoon Sabbath school, ¦
12:30. Addresses will be made by Rev. John !
Thompson. D.D.. president of the Bible so- ,
ciety, and Dr. Marshall. All are welcome. '
Y. P. S. B. E. at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday :
evening prayer meeting at 8 o'clock. All are |
cordially invited to attend these services.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rector.
Holy communion 7:30 and 11 a. m. Evening
prayer, 8 o'clock. Friday service at 11 a. m. :
for army and navy. The rector will preach. I
On this (Sunday) evening at 8 o'clock in
Trinity Church, the rector. Key. Frederick W.
Clampett. I. D. will preach on the subject ;
• of "Reform." A cordial invitation is ex- !
tended, i
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett st.,
near Twent y-third— Sacred concert and organ
recital, 7:30 p. m. Sopranos— Miss Lena Hach- j
meister an Miss Isabel Kerr. Barytones— .
Rev. J. George Gibson and W. Clifford Smith. |
Tenor— R. Kellar. Contralto— Miss Mabel Gor-
don. Come —W. F. Altvater. Organist—
Lotta Unfle hill.
TIRST Chur -h of Christ Scientist. Central j
'block, 223 Sutter st. between Kearny St. and :
Grant aye. -Christian Science service at 11 ,
a. m. Sub ect of lesson-sermon, "Adam and
Fallen Mai ." Sunday school for children at
the came 1 our. Wednesday evening meeting
at 8 o'clocl . Free reading rooms. 206 Kearny i
St.. rooms .C 9-510. All are welcome. .
REORGANi: .ED Church of Jesus Christ. Druid I
Temple. F< isom and Fourteenth sts.— Preach- j
ing 11 a. n .'and 7:30 p. m. Morning sermon i
by F. B. ] 'lair. This church was organized
by divine < 3mmand to prepare a people zeal- i
ous of roo I works, who will be "caught up :
to meet th« Lord" at his coming "in clouds." |
"and so sh ill they ever be with him." \
THEO6OPH CAL— public lectures every 1
Sunday at I p. m.. Flood building, 809 Mar- !
ket st. Si bject to-night. "Hidden Value of
Words." 1i- Mrs. Francesca Rogers. Bible '
class Sund; ys 11 to 12. Inquirers' class Thurs- j
days 2:30 "1. m. Free lending library open
Monday. 1 lursday and Saturday 1 to 4 p. m. '
and Satup ay evening.
THE Theos phlcal Society— Public lecture to !
night at h o'clock In Odd Fellows' building, j
by Mr. Th >mas Prime of Birmingham Eng-
land. Eut ioct. "Our Past Lives." Other
public me« tings Tuesday at 8 p. m Thurs-
day at 2:3 p. m. All cordially Invited.
REV. BEN. A MIX FAY MILLS at Metropoli- !
tan Temp! to-night at 8 o'clock on "America
for Ameri ans. or What Shall We Do With
the Foreii r.ers?" Organ recital by A O. '
Eckman. :H to S. Solos by Mrs. Charles I
Poulter. : )oors open 7:15. All seats free. j
M EETINGS SUNDAY.
A— Dr. Jo! n A. Kergan will lecture this even-
ing at Crjstal Hall. Pythian Castle 909 Mar-
ket St.; s . bject. "The Hands and Feet"; to
be follow< d by a series of magnificent art
views. F*« tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium next Tues- j
day eveni lg. Seats free, no collection. Re-
member tl c Question Box.
A PROOF positive test seance to-night; admis-
sion Be; Brockway, the psychic, gives satis- |
faction to all; questions pertaining to all af-
falrs of life answered. M Hyde st., cor.Eddy. i
A GRAND Spiritual meeting. 909 Market
rear hall; 11. free; 2-1, 10c; wonderful test by
Mr Swan. Mine. Maxwell, Wrenn Stoddard
_ Miller. Mott, McKee; bring flowers.
ME YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return 1
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; Mrs. Seal; sub- i
Ject, "Visions and Dreams"; come, skeptics. '
C. V. Miller, world famous materializing me- <
dium: epirits speak lace to face; seance Tue I
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 227;! '
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant trance bus i
medium, life reader, sittings $1. nc4 O'Far- i
rell. bet. Franklin and Gough: Ellis st. car.
JOHN SLATER, circles Be. to-night 8:15; oues- I
tlons answered and tests given; sitting daily I
10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton St., near Greenwich. ' I
MRS. STODDARD, convincing test to all cir- '
clee 10c: Sunday. Tuesday; readings daily !
Tic st.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall
SO5 Larkin st. 7:30 p. m Mrs. R. S Lillle'
speaker; free. '
MRS. COLBY will resume Friday evening~clT
sittings daily. 3041:, Valencia St.; phone
Church *£i. ;
DR. RAVLIK lectures at 2:30 on Hypnotism
and suggestion, Occidental Hall. 305 Larkin
A— Spiritual test meeting, 909 Market st front
hall; 11, free; 2:30-8, 10c;'our regular mediums
Mrs. Gliiingham's spiritual test meeting Bpm
10c. 305 Larkin; hours 1 to 5; phone Ho'w'd 743
W. G. KEEGAN holds a spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night. 3250 22d. { Mission & Valencia; 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing Sun-
day evening. 305 Taylor St., cor. Ellis Me.
A— Prof. Gee, 108 6th— Circle to-night, 10c; gives
full names & communications; quest, a'nswd.
"NOW" lectures: Odd Fellows' building; Henry
Harrison Brown: Bp. m. ; music: seats free.
EDWARD CARLE'S grand slatewriting dem-
onstratlons to-night 328 Ellis st. ; 25c.
MEETINGS Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society. 810 O'Farre-U st— Meeting to-night •
subject. "Death of the Soul" and "Old and
New Empires"; 2 speakers; all invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1, «l 41
I. O. O. Members will meet in their v \r s
hall MONDAY, November 4. 1901, at 1 J\.
o'clock, for the purpose of attending^ X
the funeral of Brother A. B. ASHER.. P. G.
P. W. P. HUMPHREYS. C. P.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. .^att^.,
207, I. O. O. Officers and :gs*. T»T«
members are respectfully request-
ed to attend the funeral of our "'
late Brother E. ROBIXET, from Masonic
Temple SUNDAY, November 3, 1901, at 1:30
V. m. L. CARRAINE, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU, Secretary. : .
MEETING NOTICES — Contlnned.
LOYAL ORANGE Lodges Nos. IV tLf\
and 127 will hold their annual ball Ir -_>nS«W
Pythian Castle, 909 Market St.. on/Ovf^A
TUESDAY EVENING. November 5.R t?»>\
G. E. LITTLE, Secretary. "¦j^«a
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
reived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman, In the American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Co., to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine: from James A. Modglin. in the ' Old
Gardiner's Point Diggings, near Port Wine,
Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Saw Mill
Ravine; from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton. Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft, in the Lone Star Mine,
near Cromberg, Plumas Co., to deposit tail-
ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal., on November 11,
1901. at 1:30 p. m.
" » ¦ *~ "^
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED-Our great set of Christ^
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
It to 25 books a da -. Also life William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfleld
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated, Lowest price. Hr.ndsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit Riven. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. 823 Dearborn at.. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo-
.- dore Roosevelt"; thrilling illustrated bio-
graphy of our youngest President; complete
outfit mailed on receipts of 35c in stamps; be
first In the field. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port-
land, Oregon. . •
"LIFE of McKinley"; complete books now
ready; can fill orders for book written by
Marshall Everett or Murat Halstead; best edi-
tions published; outfit free. S. C. MILLER
& CO., Portland, Or.
¦
WANTED— Agents for "Life of Wm. McKirr- !
ley" by Murat Halstead; also for "Theodore
Roosevelt— The Typical American." THE J
WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St., San
Francisco.
INCREASE your income $10 to $25 per week;
no canvassing, no soliciting; strictly legiti- j
mate; no capital required: stamp for partlc- 1
ulars. P. O. box 501. Oakland. Cal. |
WANTED— Live, energetic lady agents to sell ;
toilet articles; finest and neatest on the mar- 1
ket: big commissions. Write the Norwood j
Toilet Co., Oakland. P. O. box 531. j
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit- |
able and easier to sell than books or insur- [
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. *12. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelties: prices on application. THOS.
FOOTE CO., Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Good, live agents to sell patent
glass hones; something entirely new. H. A. j
KAMPE. 18 Mason st. :
GLOBE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market;
apsnts wanted: can make $3 to $5 a day.
ADOPTION. j
MATERNITY Villa— homes for healthy In- J
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke.l4l6 Bth St., Alameda. |
—^ ~ — — —^ ~*~^~ — "— — I
f ASriIALTUM HOOFING. •
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- !
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477. '
ASTUOLOGY. . . r
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist: complete life
reading, 50c; by mail, 50c. 1163 Market st.
RICHELIEU reads your life in the true way, j
50c. 1823 Scott st. ¦ [
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314 ]
Montgomery st — Divorces, private; tees low; 1
probating; bankruptcy: collections; suits; ti- ;
tics perfected; documents drawn; mortgages: :
property bought; money loaned; Insurance 30c
, on $100. P. B. TRAVERS, evenings, 415% Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy .coll-
ections attachments ;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 10OS% Mkt., r. 4, opp. sth. |
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick; '
quiet; no charge without success; collections, 1
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb. ]
16 years. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. •
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, Fixth'
floor. 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds j
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys. ]
j ADVICE free; moderate fee If successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
1 ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
; BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale. $3 up;
send for bargain list LEAVITT & BILL.
309 Larkin st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
! MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
WANTED— under 5 years to board; good
home: terms $6 month. Box 1710,, Call office.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission St.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
I SALOONS, groceries, livery stables, cigar ¦
[ stores, branch bakeries, delicatessens, res-
taurants, hotels, boarding houses; in fact any
kind of business at low prices, you will find
by calling on •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2, 917 Market St., opposite Mason.
Special this week — A cigar store, a goo 5 sa-
loon, an Al restaurant Call and see these.
! DECK & CO.. 927 Market, r. 208— Lodging-
houses and businesses of all kinds. Go to
DECK; he has the snaps.
WANTED— Partner in medlumshln and mag-;
netic healing; $200. DECK & CO., 927 Mar-
I ket St.. room 208. - - '
; PARTNER in office business: established.
j •DECK & CO., 927 Market St., room 2oB.
; $150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; good
trade; 1 rooms; rent $20. STRAND & CO., j
209 Kearny Ft
$1800— GROCERY, bar and butcher shop; re-
ceipts $1000 month; a snap. STRAND & CO.,
209 Kearny st.
{200 — PARTNER; commlsion business; clears $75
month to each. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, flats,
1 stores and business places of every description
sold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
i Market St.; phone Folsom 450.
$75 CASH will buy a first-class restaurant;
must be sold by the sth of November. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 993 Market st., rooms 1 and 2.
! $2500— NEWSPAPER route of S. F. morning
and evening papers; clears $150 month.
KREDO & CO.. 14 Flood building.
! PARTNER; business estab. 10 years; $300
a month; reliable man only; no night or Sun-
day work. KREDO & CO., 14 Flood building.
RESTAURANT on Fourth St.; only $175. Ap-
ply DECKER, 1020 Market_st
¦ $5000— ESTABLISHED 36 years; one of the
best millinery stores on the coast. Apply H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— s2oo; BRANCH bV\sry and delicatessen
store: 4 nice living rosms; rent $20; splendid
location; close to Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— s3so; Beautiful Market-st. cigar stand sacri-
ficed. Ask HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott big.
Cigar stands: 30 to select from; $100 to $1200.
Ask C. L. HEDGES, 461 and 462 Pafrott bldg.
I $300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
537 Mission st
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st. ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain; no
agents. McLEOD & HATJE, 515 Market St.
FOR sale— One of the best equipped . laundries
in Los Angeles, doing over $1000 business per
week, with room and power for $2500; every-
thing new and modern: fine location: own
well, full line of machinery, horses, •wagons,
etc. : a rare chance to buy a paying, sound,
new plant at actual cost of plant; full Infor-
mation and investigation given to legitimate
inquirers; price $15,000. Address A. W. C, 1921
Park Grove aye., Los Angeles. ' .
I ARE you interested in having a little money?
• T2O- upward (invested without effort on your
part) earn for you permanent income, bigger
every week than whole -year's legal interest
upon the same amount; If bo, send your name
and address; no speculation or gambling
scheme; legitimate business; first-class refer-
ences any part of United States. E. J. Ar-
nold & Co.. 9th and Pine sts., St. Louis, Mo.
HONEST speculation-Make your money earn
steady income; $25 upward invested will earn
2° vtov t0 2° Per cent monthly, payable every 15
»fio %E n Y?/" nn * W book "S^cessful System-
atic Speculation" free; tells how to operate
l™«S ln r irk , et wlthout * oss : "Wits?
PACKER Rml, 1110 , 1 ?- references. FRED E.
*-AKKER. Broker.lSa La S»11i» st.,Chlcago,lU.
RESTAURANT In manufacturing district-
] Ing Die; very cheap; call quick. 369 Hayes st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
CASH FOR YOUR PROPERTY.
We have a modern, practical, successful plan
that will quickly convert your property into
cash; no matter what the business is, where lo-
cated, or price, our plan will prove successful;
we are in t?uch with more prospective buyers
than any other agency; we are advertising spe-
cialists and know just how, when and where to
advertise any property; if you have a business
or real estate for sale, write us fully and we
will submit our plan to you.
If you want to buy any sort of a property it
is altogether likely we can save you some
money; give us an idea of what you want and
we will submit a list of paying properties.
For sale— Fine clean grocery; business $100
daily; rent $20; established 18SS; will sell at in-
voice; about $5000.
For sale— General mdse. ; small town, 60 miles
from L. A.; good business; at invoice; about
$cooo.
Grocery, delicacy, cigar, drug, dry goods and
all sorts in all parts; tell us what you want.
MERCANTILE INVESTMENT CO.,
247 S. Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal^
TWENTIETH Century Laundry shares are pop-
ular with the investing public; these shares |
are appreciated because they have value be-
hind them; It is because of this fact that they
are not sold for a mere trifle, as are many
stocks; returns will be quick, and in good
amount; no speculation here; call or write for
full Information. Address _
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Fiscal Agents,
328 Montgomery St.
$650 OR more Invested immediately will secure
an interest in new invention tully as valuable :
as the telegraph, telephone or electric l.ght, |
and will furnish immediate and permanent
' employment exhibiting same in office eight
hours daily at $2 50 per day cash, and also a
commission of 10 per cent on all sales; money |
Is needed to secure foreign patents at once
and this is an unparalleled opportunity; many
fortunes have been made out of inventions
I not one-hundredth part as valuable as this,
' which is without doubt the greatest scentlflc
I discovery of the twentieth century: satisfy
1 yourself by thorough investigation before in-
vesting a penny; invention will be on exhibi-
tion from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. on and after
Tuesday, Nov. 5. Call or write Inventor, room
8. 1073'^ Market st. r ,
YOUNG, active real estate man, having secured
valuable bond on 10.000 acrea tine level land,
wants backer to extent $2500 to defray ex- j
penses colonizing; easily $30,000 prolit; have es- !
tablished olfice and years 01 experience in this
line of work v.lth other firms; immense lor-
tunes are made in the subdivision of proper-
ties; references pxchanged. Address Coloniza-
tion, box 1635, Call office^
WANTED— A good business man to take over
an established business; no immediate outlay
for stock necessary, cs present owners will
consign all the stock required from factory
in the East on easy terms, but party must
have some money for running expenses Hnd
lreightd and have unexceptionable references.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
BANK SHARES.
Just a few more investors with $100 or more.
Bank is the only one in a lively interior town,
cow doing a business of over ?3. 000,000 annuallfr.
A most profitable and safe Investment.
Highest local bank references.
Full particulars obtainable by addressing
box 1649. Call office.
A MANUFACTURING business that has a
home and foreign market for Its product re-
quires additional capital; profits large; a mo-
nopoly. Particulars given only at Interview.
Address Box 1577, Call office.
BAKERY and confectionery for rent; also
restaurant; good location; grocery and meat
market; small cotages and flats, nr. 23d a\*e.
Wyman Land Co., 1137 E. 14th St., Oakland.
DRUGGISTS, attention:— Drug store at sacri-
fice; have other business; interior city; pay-
ing well; elegantly fitted up; fine location.'
Box ll&S, Call office.
FOR sale— On. account of sickness. Mission Wo- 1
man's Exchange, 714 Valencia st., nea% 18th; I
confectionery, fancy articles & labor bureau;
brick oven, 5 living rms., bath, basement, etc.
BLACKSMITH shop; good country town:
plenty work; kc^t by owner 17 years; will
rent or sell, eai-y terms, to a good steady
man. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
FOR sale — Wilson's Inn, a family resort and
fruit farm; a paying investment; elevation j
1900 feet. ARNO H. WILSON, Atlas, Napa j
Co. Cal. . I
$1500 WILL buy interest in old established |
manufacturing business with position at $35 ;
j per week. Box 1688, Call office. ;
FOR sale — Good-paying restaurant; wholesale |
! and milling districts: $225 down, balance time, j
I or trade for lots. Uox 1647, Call office.
1 GROCERY— Elegant stock and furnished rooms; '
rent $15; sacrificed. Twenty-second and Cas- !
i trt> mv. ;
j A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
GROCERY and bar; C living-rooms; bears full j
investigation. Call at 935 Market St.. room 14 I
FOR sale — Drug store; good location; successful ;
1 business. BUNCE, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
I $1500 — PARTNER wanted in good country hotel; !
! well established. Owner, box 1429, Call office. |
I
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 Market St.. room 14.
FOR sale— The old established grocery busi-
! ness with bar attached at the SE. corner of
Ellis and Polk sts., No. 745 Ellls St.; busi-
1 ness established twenty-five years.
Also the well-known saloon and eating-
house at the NE. corner of Twentieth anJ
Illinois sts.. Potrero, one block from Union
Iron Works.
Sale is caused by death of one partner and !
departure of the other partner.
Terms cash. Bids may be made for either 1
place separately, or for both places together,
and left with WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS,
No. 401 California st., room 20, on or before
I November 6. 1901, Bids subject to objection.
; INCOME $1000 per year can be secured by any j
! one who will take trouble to investigate our
1 plans: no gold mine, oil well or gambling |
' 6cheme; straightforward business proposition. I
; JUMIAPA CO., 621 Fullerton bldg., St. Louis,
Mo. i
' FOR sale — Half-interest in a well paying and ;
old established bakery known as the Pioneer; :
not necessary to be a baker. Address H. i
I SCHUCK, 124 J St., Sacramento. j
1 $250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound \
j value. D. Mcßae Furniture Co., 837 Mission. !
1 WANTED— Lady or gentleman with $2500; prop- i
I ositlon will bear thorough investigation. Ad- I
j dress box 1712, Call office. i
j RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; 32 !
1 years same place; account sickness. 207 Third, j
j FOR Sale— Saloon and liquor store on a -prom-
inent transfer corner; will be sold at a bar-
gain. Box 1562, Call office.
FOR Sale — If you have $550 and want a bargain !
in a Frultvale chicken ranch answer im- i
mediately. Box 1703. Call office. |
! PARTNER wanted with small capital for bak- i
1 cry and coffee saloon. 321 Ellis st.
I FOR Sale— Laundry route, with horse and
wagon, $150. 3372 Mission st_
| $1000— A GOOD grocery business In San Jose. !
; Address Call office. San Jose.
1 FOR sale— One of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
newly furnished rooms; will Bell together or
separate; price $6000. Box 1408, Call office. I
! A GOOD opportunity — Owing to other Interests
I will sell a first-class livery stable; Al trade;
1 good iocation; full Investigation to buyer.
Box 1147. Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery bueiness in Suisun, Cal., do-
ing a fine cash business; established five
years. Call or address P. O. box 52, Sui- |
sun, Cal.
PARTNER In small laundry business; one who
can command some trade preterred. 219% 6th.
, PARTNER wanted; good carpenter; one of the
j best shops In the city. Box 1585, Call office.
I $350— CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
I cheap rent. Box 1489, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 folsom st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
8 rooms; on Mission $273 j
9 rooms; fine corner «... 325 I
24 rooms; the best ...- 3000
12 rooms: large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; tine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 42110
7-room flat on McAllister st 2952 9 5
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary et 1900
100 rooms; clears $3JO; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
S rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
I 32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
[ 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
I ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
3S ROOMS; north of Market st. ; price $3000
part cash. Apply H. C. DECKER. 1020 Mar-
ket St.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market; Phone Main 128.
12 rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $65ti
18 rooms; bay-windows; all sunny 1250
26 rooms; central; cheap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good income 4000
$1400—18 ROOMS; N. of Market; all full; rent
$65; every room sunny. D. McRAE, 837 Mis-
sion St. v 1
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
WE HAVE NEW 45-ROOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. AYE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH
36 rooms; good income $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st 750
17 rooms; good transient location 1,500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 65'J
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
]« rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,600
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
'6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500 I
100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new. .10.000
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,00(J
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house wtth boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., SJO Market St.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments: .
1. rooms on Ellls; a bargain $325
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $55..... 500
3 rooms; grand transient location 2,200
25 rooms; good location: clears $150 1,200 |
20 rooms; best in the city 2,300 j
13 rooms; fine furniture 1,050 I
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1,500
28 100 ms; piano; clears $60; payments 400
I*9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5,950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7,000
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments... 350
40 rooms; always rented: sacrifice 1,250 j
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1.600
10 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000 |
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON~&"cO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
104 r., rent $475; sunny cor., clears $350.
60 r., Al loc, fine country trade established.
40 r., rent $150; Al loc; clear $400; eleg't.s4ooo
25 r., rent $110; fine family house 2500
15 r.. rent $80: NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
10 r., rent $50; modern flat; reduced to.. 850
8 r., rent $35; water free; good home 300
7 r., rent $35; fiat 250
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $450 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st., rms. 1, I.
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3; office near Call bldg.
He has 4 salesmen. Business Is booming.
He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodging-houses.
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
He has money to loan; payable monthly or
yearly. Itemized inventory with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels.
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
WINSTON & WOLF
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE....
1026 Market st.
10 rooms, best of furniture, reduced $750
17 rooms, offices, rent $75/»modern 1200
15 rooms. $500 cash, $10 monthly 950 |
18 rms., nr. Orpheum, rent $75, part cash. 1200 :
20 rooms, rent $55, business street 950 ;
41 rooms, rent $90, a money-maker 2200 j
62 rooms, elevator, modern, part cash 6500 1
$900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO.,
93 Market st.
FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room
house on Market St.; rent $50; must be sold
at once. McBRIDE A CO.. 993 Market st.
FOR Sale — At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65; price
$1500. 993 Market st. McBRIDE & CO.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis st. Trent $32 60; 0n1y. .5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725 i
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $40; good house. 550
Many morp bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, nil sizes |
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our 1
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chences can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 93." Market St.;
phone Folsom I"P2.
LODGING house: 24 rooms: in Oakland; $1050.
SAUSBI'Ry, 459 Ninth St., Oakland.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed wlth-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy st., room 105.
SIMKITI ALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium \
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEYT, trance, bus. medium; \
Mftt reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday. Tues-
day. Thursday. &:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
BROCKWAY'S Dsychic seance. Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. • 25c: readings daily.
299 H>de, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
Miss M.WIUe,326A Ellist St., greatest of all crys-
tal serrs; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth" St.— Readings, 50c '
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
Mrs. Lester. 148 6th, r. 12— Medium, palmist &
magnetic healer;read'gs daily ;tel. Howard 1129.
EDWARD EARLE will return Sunday; grand
slate writing seance. 328 Ellis st.
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy; no sign.
ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 5Cc, $F;
full materialization Thurs., Sun. eve. 201 Turk.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIR VOV ANTS.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED^
IN HIS OWN HOME,
417 ELLIS STREET.
WESLEY ORMAN,
PSYCHIC, TRANCE, CLAIRVOYANT ME-
DIUM. HE WILL TELL YOU WHAT YOU
CALLED FOR— ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
KNOW. So strange Is the work of ORMAN
that without a word, without a question, he
tells you what you came for, just what you
want to know. He gives names, dates, facts
and locations In the vast problems of life, cor-
rect Information about all affairs, love, court-
ship, marriage, divorce, sales, wills, property,
old estates, speculation, diseases, pensions,
patents, Investments, etc., etc., In all their
varied and multifarious details. He recognizes
none as his superior who by any means advises
and foretells events arising through cause and
effect. His remarkable psychic power has won
for him a reputation that has been accorded
to but few. Lowest fee, '$1 this week. Kvery-
thing guaranteed or no charge.
BEWARE
of pretenders and partially developed mediums.
They copy his advertisements and in many
smaller cities use his name. They even use his
photograph attached to their advertisements.
Please remember that WESLEY ORMAN can
be seen only at his SAN FRANCISCO office.
Hours from 10 a. m. to 7:80 p. m. Sundays,
10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
WESLEY ORMAN,
417 ELLIS STREET.
, .
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand and hand, yet hundieds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
siKht into the future; if you, are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied I
!n life, consult Ismar, for slie is a prophetess
of world-wide- fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy
by her aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
sulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays
lrom 10 to 12 a. m., at her of flee, 1148 Market
St., opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to a large number of inquir- I
les from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
ME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. , next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
1 them. Valuable advice in ;.'! affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranty-!. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Ft., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MISS M. WILLE, most wonderful clairvoyant
and crystal seer, late of Paris, tells you every-
thing; if you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, come and con-
sult me; give names and dates; sittings 50c
9 a. m. to 8 p. m. 326 A Ellis st.
A— LI NCOLN, CLATRVOYANTT
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall ; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
ME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future, never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wite;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays: hours X) to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant anil
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, up>
nosite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CARD reading; ladles 10c, gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna St., downstairs.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Princess Ishmael, clairvoyant, 100S',i Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance: read life with-
out ques. ; hrs. 9a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till Ip. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
50c ; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
I MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German fepoken: tel. Jessie 1863.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MF. SCHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader;
s t ings dally. 448 Vi Jessie .<t., bet. sth and 8 h
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 2.*jc up. 5 Fourth st.
I CAItPET HKATIXti *M> CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
I MODERN Co.; steam cleaning. 3c: laying;'
I cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
, AMERICAN Carpet-beatine Works— Cleaning,
I 3c: renovated; relaid. 104 14th st. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Suaerior Caroet-cleanlne Works,
33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Miaalon 74.
COLLFXTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage on Ocean
Boulevard; $15; water free.; near car line. 5158
Taylor st.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, fu/nlture and carpets for
sale cheap. Apply Sunday, 2321 Flllmore st.
LOVELY sunny cottage; 85 Cumberland st.,
Jiear Dolores; $20; stable, $5.
I $6— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth $12 in city; near
Crescent aye. Apply 04 Silver St., oft Third.
[ $13— NEARLY new; 4 rooms. 464 Douglass St.,
near Twenty-first, <'astro-st. cars.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS~ SR Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal .plate, $15;
gold and porcelain crowns. $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to
I 2p. 80. J. W. THATCHER, M. D , Manager.
EIGHT prizrs for bes=t crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for H years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c: plates, $3. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings. $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
0/ porcelain crowns. S5: set of teeth, $7:
troth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tist?, !'69 Mission St., southeast corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4;' crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
i YOl* can s=avp 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
! DR.R. L.WALSH. 81K=»i Geary, nr. Larkin— Patn-
j less extraction 50c;p!ates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
i DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
! INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal: reliable
! and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
LX VAN. 314 Leavenworth Ft.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'P C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEaTd^sTshOOL OIF ELECTRICAL^ENGI^
I NEERING! — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
I practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; posittons secured; cat. free.
i HEALd"7T SCHOOL OF MIXES. 24 POST ST.,
i S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
I all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
I engineering: day and night ; catalogue free.
I A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
• vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $30; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
j Stanford professor. Phelan building.
J CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates ;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mining, mech.sur"-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1564. .Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who pei^
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
DANCING— Ladies and gentlemen trained to
become teachers; also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville stage at IRVINE'S, 421 Post st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
I CHARLES PEYTON— Dramatic readings, mon-
I ologues, sketches: charities gratis; students
rehearsed. Address SHERMAN-CLAY.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages. 32o Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
I day and even, classes; send for new circular.
! ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Superior violin, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin
I lessons; reas. W. P. Chambers, 244 Taylor.
LADY graduate of Boston Conservatory gives
piano instruction; 75c lesson. Box 1722, Call.
PIANO lessons— Special attention to beginners;
50c per lesson. Teacher, box 1723, Call office.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. lOCS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'if DAY~and
1 ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded lf>C3; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleanlng; also
cooks and waiters turnished at short notice
George Kinochita. 783 Haight; tel. Fell 5046-
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of alTklnds"-
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce-iFurnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German widow, without in-
cumbrance. wishes position as housekeeper:
good home more than wages; country. Box.
]66J, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged lady, refined
and trustworthy, desires position as house-
keeper; excellent manager; or would act as
companion to reflned young girl; thoroughly
competent: musical; would not object to
travel; references exchanged. Address MRS.
K. S., 1111 Sutter s^
A SITUATION wanted by an elderly American
woman to mind a small child and make her-
self generally useiul, or wash dishes in a
small restaurant. Inquire or address A. M.
C, 12-2 Beott place, off Pacific and Bmad-
way and Powell and Masi n.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes a situation
as second girl and sewing; wages $20. call
Monday between 10 and 2, 133 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants position in pri-
vate family to care for invalid or to travel:
best references. Address Nurse, 802 feanta *c
aye., Lcs Angeles, Cal.
2 YOUNG ladies wish positions as canvassers;
expenses paid; city or country. Box 1691, Call.
A— YOUNG lady of good address and appear-
ance having no experience at work would like
suitable position; references exchanged. Box
1671. Call otfice. .
of high ability and experience,
perfect fitter, designer and trimmer; gowns
renovated latest styles; $1 -''0 per day in fam-
ilies. Address J. P.. 1110 Larkin st.
YOUNG colored woman would like position as
second work or nurse children; $20. 1711 Jones
St.; call or send postal.
GERMAN lady would like a nice place as
housekeeper; no postals. Apply 243 Oak St. •
A— LADY, thoroughly competent and experi-
enced stenographer, wishes position; highest
Eastern references. Box IH9O, Call office.
REFINED widow seeks a position as house-
keeper in home or as mother's assistant. Ad-
dress Responsible, box r720. Call office.
WIDOW lady with a child 3 years wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper. Address MRS. E. ROB-
INSON, 135 Hollis St., N. Oakland.
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-
ments in families; tailor-made and beautiful
gowns guaranteed. 823 Sutter St., lower flat.
A GERMAN lady wishes position as house-
keeper or very light housework. Apply 504^
Leavenworth st.
COMPETENT, reliable infants' nurse wishes
•situation; can give good references: wages not
less than $25. 211 Minna St., near Third.
BY reliable woman, washing and housecleanlng
by the day. Box 1543, Call office. j
EMPLOYMENT -vaned; competent nurse for
child or care o. children in an institution.
Box 1580. Call office.
AN experienced young girl wishes a situation
to take care of one or two children; wages
$18 to $20. Box 1654, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants work in a laundry;
Is good ironer. Call or address 349U Minna.
RESPECTABLJ3 middle-aged weman would
lik^ a pace to do housework; good cook;
small wash; fond of children; wages $15 to WO.
Address Housework, box 1547, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situation
as working housekeeper on ranch; good cook,
bread and butter maker: wages moderate.
Address Housekeeper, box 1575. Call office.
DRESSMAKER with the best of references;
engagements by day: tailor dresses and fancy
drssses and work taken home. 10 Metcalf
pi., near Mason St., off Geary.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, economical
cook, fond of children, good references, wishes
to go as housekeeper; wages $12; no postals.
Call at 1020 Howard st., room 5.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, reliable and competent,
wants position as housekeeper; references;
city or country. MRS. L. JEAN, 585 Fortieth
St., Oakland, Cal.
RESPECTABLE colored girl de3ires situation
as lady's maid, nurse or second work; refer-
( SBC*. Address 2S Stone St.. bet. Powell and
1 Stockton, (iff Washington.
i MIDDLE-AGED lady, reliable and competent,
wants position as housekeeper; references;
city or country. MRS. L. JEAN, 585 Fourth
st., Ookland, Cal.
DRESSMAKER and tailoress wishes work by
the day; good fitter; understands the busi-
ness; $2 per day. Address box 1687. Call.
A woman wants work by the day washing,
housecleaning, window washing; $1 35 a day.
Call 1783 Haight st., near Golden Gate Park.
A YOUNG lady wishes to do light housework
and half on Sundays. Box 1677, Call office.
SITUATION wanted for second work or house-
work or fewinjr. 1609 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes mendlr-gr to do.
1079 Market St.. room 2.
WANTED— By honorable, Intelligent middle-
aged lady, position as companion, housekeep-
er or» position at trust; wages no object; pleas-
ant home, j.jx 1568. Call office.
I WINCHESTER Houi-p, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
j $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
j received at Call branch ofrlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
GARDENER. German, first-class In all par-
ticulars, best references, wishes a situation.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— A situation by a man to work
around and in the house; can milk: is a good
driver; will make himself generally useful.
Box 1582, Call.
EXPERIENCED hotel man wishes position as
night clerk in hotel or restaurant. Box 1686,
Call office.
ALL-AROUND man wants position; private
place or ranch ; references. Address Box 1673,
Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man want 3 a position as
night watchman; first-class references. Ad-
dress E. J. BRUL, 324 Bush st.
COACHMAN, single, first-class references,
wants situation. Address, particulars, room
3, Creedmore House, Larkin and Bush sts.
RESPECTABLE single man, 30, fair education,
wishes situation, wholesale house; no experi-
ence; references. Advertiser, 1123 Sutter st.
MINER, hunter, soldier, explorer, will under-
take ' anything however difficult or danger-
ous; money an object. Address Box 1717, Call.
EDUCATED Japanese schoolboy wants poai-
] tion in Oakland: small family. KANAI, SO7
Polk st., Tel 1441 Polk.
AN educated gentleman, midde-aged, good ad-
dress, desires position; qualified as manager
or outside man or to come in contact with
public; experienced salesman; references. Box
1719, Call office.
GARDENER, German, wants situation; expe-
rienced in all branches of gardening; refer-
ences. Address R., Box 1584, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; country;
wife for housekeeping, man to work on the
ranch. Address M. W., 25 Pennsylvania aye.,
Santa Cruz, Cal.
STEADY man wants position as fireman or to
run small engine; good experience. Box 1715,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED American, good references,
wants country place to care for during own-
er's absence; accustomed 10 orchard, horses,
plain gardening, etc. ; moderate wages. Box
1652, Call office.
WANTED— Position as watchman In private
place or factory by an elderly man; best of.
references. Box 1653, Call office.
COMPETENT, experienced stenographer desires
position: good correspondent; references. Ad-
dress box MO, Call office.
BOY of 17 that carries an evening paper wishes
any kind of work from 8 to 3 o'clock; $2 50
per week. 1322 Eddy st.
SOBER man, German, 29, speaks and writes
English, wishes position driving grocery
laundry or any light delivery wagon or any
other position; references. Box 1592, Call.
WANTED by an experienced man (married)
situation as salesman outside city; capable
of running store. Address box 1345, Call.
POSITION wanted as salesman or rectifier in
a .vholesale liquor house; bonds and be=t ref-
[ erences. F. G. C. box 1646, Call office.
1 YOUNG man 20 wishes position In wholesale
or family liquor store; state wages X..*
1575. Call office. '
j MIDDLE-AGED man. German, wants li^ht
j ttore or any other kind of work; willine'"" to
I work for small wages; has good reference..
Box 1631, Call office. Terences.
A PAINTER, gralner and paperhange7~wNh^
a steady job in some institution or for -.orm-
real estate firm. Ad. C. J. E.. Box 1«37. c3t
YOUNG man wants sltuationT~not afntirt
work. W. T. BRUCE. 958 Mission st
A~YOUNG man. 19 years of age. of good edu"l
cation, wishes a position in some rellahU
office. Box 2332, Call office, Oakland.
GARDENER, first class, single. of7c"n,r «n,ri"
ence In landscape gardening, growing of flow"
ers and greenhouse work, wishes a situation
on a private place; no chorkig. Box 1663, Call
MIDDLE-AGED single mail about Drivatr.
place; plain gardener and clean windows
handy, sober and steady; understands running
gasoline engine, take care horses, good driver
best references. W. B.,_boxJ67a. Call office!
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife wife
is a perfect cook ; man perfect gardener k!id
coachman. O. F.. 1309 Stockton at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAKE.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position: ex-
perienced in all branches; best of references;
city or country. Box 1683. Call office.
I YOUNG man (24) would like to drive a dcliv-
I cry wagon or team of any kind; best of ref-
erence or security given. "Box 1683, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in- the photograph busi-
ness as an assistant or retoucher. Address
1509 Howard st.
STRONG willing young man as porter or any
kind of work. Box ISSO. Call office.
YOUNG man, 26. thorough business education,
good Spanish correspondent, who has tray-
' eled in Europe and South America, well ac-
. quainted with commission and banking busi-
ness desires position: best references on per-
sonal interview; bond if. necessary. Box 14y6,
Call office.
A YOUNG man with good business training
and experience wants position in dry goods or
gent's furnishing store; no objection to coun-
try or small town. Box 1559, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all kinds of
tools wants steady work any place or In
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al references. M. L.. 7W.3 Bush st.
. GOOD cook wishes situation for hotel. restau-
rant or boarding-house. 62 Second st, rm. .'4.
JAPANESE honest boy, speaking English,
' wants situation as school boy In small family;
wages $2 up. T. 1.. 121 Haight st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants situation In
private family: understands any style of cook.
Ing. Apply YA3JA. 923 Sacramento st,
1 POSITION wanted as watchman by trust-
worthy man. Address A. H., 2993 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmor* st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lO.itf
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)- Wa
have 43 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
$32 50—1800 O'Farrell St., corner of Btelner. a
beautiful sunny modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath; perfect condition. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay windows in every
room; fine grounds 'and view. Northwest cor-
ner Portola and Duboce Park, off Waller, be-
tween Steiner and Pierce.
SUNNY 9-room flat on park panhandle for
rent: furniture and carpets for sale. Apply
room 310, 503 California' St., between 11 and.
12 a. m.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny lower flat. 5
rooms and bath. 2512% Sutter St.. near Brod-
erick; rent low.
NEW flat. 7 rooms, for rent; furniture for sale;
vicinity Broadway and Laguna; $25; no;
agents. Box 1709. Call office. ¦
NEW and cheap: 5 flats; from $23 50 to 130: 7
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
marine view. SE. corner Green and Steiner.
O'FARRELL, 1931 and 1933— Modern flats; 8
rooms and bath each; yard, basement; reason-
able rent to good tenants.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 6 rooms, bath. baae-
ment. yard. Apply SO Castro St. near loth.
HOWARD, 123— Flat of 3 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard: 1521 Broad-
way, near Van Ness; key in basement.
NEW upper flat. 7 rooms and bath. 233% Fin*
St., corner Steiner.
POST. 52GA— of 3 rooms; suitable for busi-
ness; rent reasonable.
TREMONT ay., 158 A. near Frederick. Ashbury
— Upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; new.
UPPER flat. -7^4 Madison, near Fifth and Har-
' rison, 5 rooms, bath; $18. Hooker & Lent.
VALLEJO, 1111— Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms and
bath ; good order.
WALLER. 1706— Modern sunny flats. 3 to 7
rooms, bath, front and rear; $11 to $35 per mo.
$13 50—289 Shipley St.. near Sixth; middle flat;
bath, gas. yard, sunny.
$22 50—111 LIBERTY ST.. near Ouererro— Hani-
some flat; choice neighborhood; beautiful view.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, J4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; a great
chance for some builder. 760 Howard st.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms, complete. 912
Ellis st.
• FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
WALT. 70S Valencia st. tel. Church 1136.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price ['or second-hand furniture: teL Red 1304.
-^^— — _ „
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Lark
2782.: highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Nes»
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
GLOVKS. ".
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant aye.
V HALLS TO LET.
HALL, 37x37, 927 Pacific st., near Mason, wit
2 front rooms: $12 50. .
HELP WANTED— A I*S~
A— R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. . Phone Grant Ml
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress „ $35
10 waitresses, commercial hotels $20, $23
10 waitresses, restaurants and hotels, city
, 120, $30
Chambermaids to wait, city and country.. s2o
Cooks, restaurants and hotels. . $30 $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
First-class cook, choice place ; $35
3 second girls, good places.... .s2*
Cook for students |20
Housekeeper, city, care two children...!.. $15.
Woman with a child $is
German or French nurseglrl $25
Others too numerous to mention. Call and
investigate.
C. R. HAN SEX & CO.. 104 Geary sc
A-HELEN GRANT please call or send ad-
dress to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A WOMAN with a child to cook for men.
country. $30. C. R. HANSEN A. CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Monday early, 3 laundresses $23
5 cooks, plain wash $30
Hotel cook '.$35
Scandinavian cook .'..".'.....
4 German cooks ' $25-$3O
House girl. 2ln family. Santa Barbara $23
House girl, Menlo Park £3
House jrtrl. Santa R05a........ "..$25
House girls, Napa .....$25
2 housekeepers $10-$l5
Nurse, 1- child '....$25
Man and wife as cook and farmer $40
150 girls for housework in city and coun-
try $25 and $30
3 waitresses for cafe $7 and $8 a week
1 waitress for restaurant $30 a month
2 waitresses for hotels . $.0
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. .318 Sutter st.
MISS MORGAN 323 Sutter st.
¦ 2 cooks, private families. $85; chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; hotel cook. $35; 40 house
girls, small families. $25: 4 second girls. $20
and $25: 5 waitresses. $20 and $25; house-
keeper. $20; 20 young girls to assist. $15 and
*20; 4 restaurant and boarding-house cooks.
f3O and »35.
GOOD home for a nice girl in a doctor's fam-
ily, occupying an elegantly furnished new
flat, to assist In light housework: no washing
or hard work: wages $10. Apply Monday be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m.. at 756 Golden Gate aye.
SCO GIRLS to learn to sew in factory; paid
1 while learning. I. MAGNIN, 636 Mission st,
i fourth floor. i
OPERATORS on children's wear: work in fac-
, tory, 1. MAGXIN, 656 Mission, fourth floor.
! OPERATORS on fine underwear: work in fac-
! tory. I. MAGNIN. 656 Mission, fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists; work In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN. £56 Mission, fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladies'
cloaks and suits. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER
6 CO., 128-134 Post at.
' WANTED— For general housework In Oakland.
• an experienced cirl. German or Scandinavian
j preferred: small washing; wages $30. Inauire
I I at 60« Montgomery st.. San Francisco, room 7.
WANTED— Bright young lady of good figure lii
1 the cast of high-class melodrama: good salary
, and chance for advancement: previous profes-
| atonal experience not essential. Box 1650. Call.
EXPERIENCED presser for ladies' underwear
; -and shirt walst3. BAUER BROS. CO.. 11_ HELP WAITED FFMALE Com.
•7
* WANTEE'-A neat young girl to assist in gen-
eral housework in family of 2; may sleep at
home if desired. 17C5 Ellis St. .
WANTED— First -class French or German wait-
reas and chambermaid: small family, wages
£23 ; references required. all 1809 California.
WANTEL*— An experienced saleslady for sta-
tionery department Apply WEINSTOCK
LUPIN & CO.. corner Market and Taylor su!
3CVENILE lady; some experience: theatrical
compan;: giving good chance to right art!*;
Hallclt School. Alcazar Theater building.
KXPERIKNCED hands and apprentices on
twn's neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON. CIS
Market Et '
WANTEI)— S girls for general housework; $15
to $i». Mission Woman's Exchange 714 Va-
lencia tt.. near Eighteenth.
GIRL; PAin cooking and general housework-
i? 1 ? 11^' three adults; small flat; $20. Apply
2340 Pine Et.. corner Steiner. "wo
V. ANTED— GirI for oandy store; experienced
£pply^to-day BLUMS Confectionery. Sutter
GOOD girl general housework; no washing-
cottage; j-o. call 306 E. Fifteenth St.. Eatt
(JftJQJtCo.
VANTET*- Experienced bindery girls Annlv
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market £?**
GIRL of 15 to assist in light housework 2 in
rarr.lly. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
A K^ S 22 °4 n^uln 3 skirts and waists. M*
Bush st.
r YOUNG iirl to help in kitchen in small family
svages $10. 1234 Twelfth aye., Sunset district
EXPEIUENCED cutter In factory on ladles'
JiSn ' ¦ r ->. .*«• *-«> a. m. Monday. **
i . ,rd floor.
:NCKD operators to work In factory"
W Ixilim et.. fourth floor.
COMPOSITOR wanted. R. R. PATTERSON,
429 Mor.tzomery st.
YOUNG girl to assist with cooking and light
hou6ew>rk. Apply 1306 Haight St.
BRIGHT salesgirls for crockery store those
with seme experience preferred. E2S Market.
WANTE!>— Experienced salesladies! Apply be-
tween ii and 11 a- m. at HALE BROS.'
Tr .^"t N J^i > ~ d hands for dressmaking.
B*s California st . corner Powell
¦V\"ANTE>-A dressmaker's apprentice. 139
Post st.. room is.
V. First-class help; dressmaking, 616
Mason st.
YOUNG lady to manage traveling business-
chance for partnership. Box 1648, Call office.
A LADY of tact who understands handling
women Box IS7S, Call office. ~
LADY collector wanted. Apply 613 Howard st.
WANTED— Three waitresses at 1007 Market st.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. DANZI-
GER. Ladles' Tailor, 237 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies: state department
and give references. Box 1664, Call office.
r YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 2829
Bush it.
APPRENTICES for millinery with some experi-
ence; will pay while learning. ISO Sixth st.
GOOD hairdresser and halrworker wanted- also
an apprentice. 2117 Flllmore st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. 1773 Post rt.
YOUNG girl to do general housework In bak-
«ry; wages $20. 911>4 Larkln st.
WANTKD— Respectable American nurse girl;
light work. Apply 404 Central aye.
FINISHER on pants: good wages; steady work;
also apprentice. 736 Minna st.
POLISHER and body Ironer wanted. United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
has completed ten years of successful school
work and can give to Its patrons the benefit
or pact experience. We have to offer the best
system dresscutting ever Invented, a thorough
business training under competent instructors
and latest designs; millinery course un-
ec.-ual«id; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'E overall factory, ZZhk Fremont St.; good
wage*; no experience necessary; stead y work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee ehirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction: paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
GIRLS 14 to IS yean old; clean, pleasant day
work knitting mil! of GANTNER & MAT-
TER."*, 1017 Hyde st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of i
self -assertion: gbod opportunity to right par- |
ty. V. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. |
EXPERIENCED operator on hemstitching ma-
chine. 230 Sutter ft., room 25.
WANTED— to work on coats. 27 Geary
st. E. K. woods.
WANTED— Experienced lady wrappers for dry
goods Apply at HALE BROS.', between 8 j
and 11 a. m.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while I
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market ]
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— for light work on fruit
1711 rolsom et.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post *.„
• room 49. . . .
WANTED— Experienced girl for candy store.
<4 Fourth st.
COOK wanted: German preferred. 1018 gut-
ter St.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in housework.
Apply 222?^ Mission st.
WAIST finishers. Apply COX. 1514 Pine st.
I'LASfiIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllaiore st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
-:ptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ex.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYM'T AGCY.
• Tilrd et.. near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH.
C. N. W. R. R. '
10 R. R. teamsters. Ukiah. s2 to $2.25 per day
10 labjrers. Ukiah $2 per day
CO steel and ballast men, Ukiah $2 per day
Carlos.d of laborers $2.25 to $2.50 per day
Chesip rates to Redding, Shasta County
We charter a car that leaves here Hon. < p.m.
« laborers, new quarry $1.25 and found
I farm hands |S5 and $30 per month
A TO-DAY. SUNDAY
TO-DAY. SUNDAY .
TO-DAY. SUNDAY .. .
AT C. R. HANBEN & CO.' 104 Geary'st"
Railroad Work Ftp* 'Par*
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK ......
» 5"? erl! *2 50 a day i
b'< drillers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
60 muckers X a d *-.
.. FOR UKIAH !..... 5 I
60 teamsters and laborers $•> a day i
Fr~. Fare Ship To-day ."Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
MASTER Barbers— Members of the Master
Barbers' Association please attend next regu-
lau meeting TUESDAY. Nov. E. 9 p. m.. 102
OTarrell st. Matters of great Importance
will be discUFM-d. S. HELLER,
fcec. Master Barbers' Association of 8. F.
WANTED— Responsible manager (Integrity
rmtit be uncuestlonable) to take charge of
j distributing depot and office to be opened in
I California to further business interests of
V. o!d-»EtabIished manufacturing concern; salary
$150 per month and extra profits; applicant
must have $1500 to $2000 cash and good stand-
ing. Address Bupt, P. O. box 1151, Phila-
delphia, Pa.
MEN who can .be depended upon to work 12
Jay* on special assignment; 536 cash paid for
Job: if catlsfactory $900 and expenses per
year, permanent assignment; reference any
bank; send references and self-addressed
stamped envelope. NATIONAL, 307 Caxton
block, Chicago.
WANTED— A man with a good figure to wear
a Eo!dier*a uniform to stand in front of
rtore; hours 8 a. m. to 6 p. m ; no others
need epply. Monday at 7:30 a. m., LIT Mar-
ket tt
WANTED by a wholesale liquor house, experi-
enced, reliable and active city salesman for
city trade; one with eirtab. trade preferred.
Add., with refs.. experience, box 1672. Call.
WANTED— Printer for country office; all-
eround workman, with references for Bobri-
«-ty: steady position at email salary. Apply*
Monday, 8 a. m., £>L 2 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Men. S3 per day by advancing $500
eacli, with <](' per cent) interest on money
wltli good «=<»eurity: long job. 282314 Mission
ft. ; hours 7-10 a. m.. 7-9 p. m.; owner.
ERRAND boy about 34 or 15 years of age for
hardware store; write in own hand, giving
ase, fchoolinr and experience; no smokers
noel apply. Box 1707. Call. .-
P v WANTED— Young man stenographer; one un-
derstanding bookkeeping preferred; state age
ant experience. Machinery, box 1665, Call.
WANTED— w.-thirder" on Job work: steady
position to right person. Apply SANBORN.
VAIL &. CO.. til Market st. j
HKLP \VA\TED MALE-—
j A— MURRAY & READY., Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office open 7 a. m. Monday
• RAILROAD MEN
• RAILROAD MEN
C. N. W. R. R UKIAH
. •• .WE SHIP FREE
50 teamsters Ukiah, free fare.
M laborers, Ukiah, free fare
M steel ballast and track men, Ukiah
FREE FARE FREE FARE
•; MISCELLANEOUS
.> carpenters, factory, country; 2 carpenters,
1 rough work, mining company, $35 and found;
man to run can-capping machine for cannery,
$2 day; blacksmith, city, $3.30 day; harness-
maker; man and wife to take charge coun-
try store; clerk, country merchandise store;
experienced foreman for dairy ranch, chore-
man and raise chickens. Catholic Institution;
married farmer, Santa Clara County, $40 and
found; 3 stablemen, $25, $30 and $40 and found;
15 farm hands and plow teamsters. $26 and $30
and found; 7 milkers, city and country
dairies. $30 and $."."i and found; 5 laborers, no
experience required, 75c fare, $34 and found ;
6 laborers, city, $26 and found; B. laborers to
do mucking, mine, $75; 5 two-horse teamsters,
country. $2 day; 3 4-horse teamsters, coun-
try. $2.25 day ,
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop, $10 week and found;
sausage-maker, country. $40 and found; sec-
ond cook, near city, $10 week; 7 cooks, city
and country; baker's helper, city; 9 waiters,
kitchen help and dishwashers.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
¦WANTED— Bright boy for general work:
wholesale house; references required. Ad-
dress box 1691. Call . office.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
! ers. South Park Malt House, Brannan St.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor; steady work:
Sunday. 10 to It. or Monday. A. KAHN,
142. Geary st.
! WANTED— First-class wrapper for Salt Lake
: City. Call 10:30 a. m., California Hotel; W.
BARTLING.
: WANTED— A man with some capital to take
! an interest in and travel for a manufacturing
¦ company. Box 1665, Call office.
, LIVE agents to handle new proposition; fast
; seller. Call Monday afternoon, 1206 Market
St., room 59.
W ANTED— Cabinetmaker to work on show-
casee; young man preferred. 414 Market St.
APPRENTICE wanted; one with knowledge of
photography preferred. Apply California
Photo Engraving Co., 513 Market st.
| WANTED— RetaiI salesman familiar with gro-
cery business. Box 1667. Call office.
2 TAILORS to do. military work. Call 2835
Greenwich st.
BOYS wanted at ROSS & SON'S. 559-861 Bush
street. .
AN office boy who can write on typewriter.
EM Market st.
WANTED— boy. Sterett Printing Co.,
933 Market at-
BOY. some experience, to set type. 34 Callfor-
nia St., top floor. Call to-day, 1 o'clock.
BOY for general work, between 16 and IS years.
16 Fremont gt.
STRONG errand boy; bring references. M.
KRAKER. 224 Bush st.
WANTED— Boy for grocery at 148 Seventh st.
WANTED — men to carry banners; no small
boys wanted. 7 a. m. Monday, 617 Market.
MAN to work mornings In store and cellar;
$15 and room. Box 1721, Call office.
WANTED— Errand boy about 16 years. 943
Market st.
DISHWASHER: no Sunday work. Call early
Monday, 29 Market St.
WANTED— First-class presser on-- custom
pants. 411H Kearny St.. top floor.
APPRENTICE, strong young German, for bak-
ery and confectionery. 205 Kearny st.
BOY wanted in butcher shop. Apply 2303
Clay st
COMPETENT Domestic, dress and fancy
goods salesmen. Box 1430, Call office.
YOUNG man with experience to help In cake
bakery. Hl% Larkln st.
WANTED— A buEhelman. steady position, at
RAPHAEL'S.
MANAGER — Large house, extending business
rapidly, desires arrange capable man manage
office this city; salary $200 month, all expen-
ses, extra commissions; must furnish $1200
cash; no soliciting, office duties wholly; first-
class references given and expected. Super-
intendent, box 531. New Haven. Conn.
CIVIL Service Government Positions— 9BB3 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; common school education required
for the examination ; catalogue "of informa-
tion free. Columbian Correspondence Col-
lege. Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Man In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing :
boha fide weekly cash salary $18. paid by
check each Wednesday. . with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
pense. 0 . Manager. 377 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— An experienced successful sales-
man, one who Is thoroughly familiar with
machinery, to sell a patented babbitt metal
and metallic packing; wages $75. Bx 1713, Call.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— advertising solicitors;
best references required. Address box 167:;,
Call office.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard St.
WANTED— Boy for wholesale house. Address,
stating age, bex 3681, Call office.
WANTED— and iron molders. 605
Mission st - -
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.',
between 8 and 11 a. m.
YOUNG man who thoroughly understands boys' '
and children's furnishing goods; etate past
experience and salary expected. Address box I
1560. Call office. !
ADVERTISING man with $300 capital to pur-
chase one-half Interest In an established
monthly magazine; principals only. P. O.
box 77. Berkeley. Cal.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson-st entrance. CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
¦WANTED — Young man for office work; must
be good at figures; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1700. Call office.
WANTED— Young man who is a first-class
dress goods salesman; state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1699, Call.
ENGRAVERS wanted; highest wages paid.
Apply California Photo Engraving Co., BIS
Market st '
16- YEAR-OLD boy learn trade and run errands;
»4 a week. Box 1586. Call office.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and bhovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 'A Montgomery St., room. 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 21" Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN. to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; .positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. HOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay et. ¦ •
WANTED— Driver solicitor. Union Dye Works,
1643 Market St.
YOUNG man to work in tin shop, years. Ap-
ply 7 to S, 622 Mi£*ion St.
WANTED— Good bread baker. 11l Larkln st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. E27 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and :<5; not
let's than C feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. I For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st. Ran Francisco.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$lB per week; no risk. 78 Third st. room 2.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
WANTED— Carh boys. Apply bet. 8 and 11
a. m. HALE BROS. (Inc.).
McDONALD & PERRY have 800 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSION atty., "E. A. BuUls, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL, 230 Douglass St., 8. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, November 6, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse . Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. - , '
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, Just arrived. JOHN H. H ALTON, at
Chase & Co. sales yard, 1732 Market st.
FOR sale— On account of owner leaving city;
handsome bay colt; very stylish and fast trot-
ter: suitable for physician or business. 122%
Eddy st :. - '¦-.•.:.-¦ ¦_-
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse -Stable,
J375 Eddy st. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses. : . .-. ¦ .
ONE l-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon.,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
NEW 2-horse truck; ton weight capacity; cheap
for cash. F. H. DOHRMANN, 209 Main St.,
Vallejo. - .-•¦••
GOOD . station wagon and coupe Rockaway.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk f=t. and Golden Gate aye:
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
! hands; sound, gentle. E. S., 721 Howard st.
FINE pure bred Percherons; Address WM. B.
COLLIER, 124 Sansome St., S. F.
WANTED— or 3 ton spring wagon; give di-
mensions, condition and price. Box 1726, Call.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. aye.
ONE second-hand light delivery wagon; also
one business buggy. 1370 Turk St.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALT, kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list. houses to let; send for cli-
cula.-. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 2 rooms, rear. 442 Ninth st, be-
tween Harrison and Bryant.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath, newly painted and
papered: rent very reasonable. 384 San Jose
aye., between Guerrero and Valencia sts.
US 6-ROOMS; near Powell and Washington,
or will sell: $600 cash, balance $25 per mctr.th.
THE MCCARTHY C 0... 646 Market st
HOISES_TO_LET-.^URNISH EIK^
MILLWOOD, MILL VALLEY.
Elegantly furnished house of ' 9 rooms and
bath'; beautiful grounds; rent low to respon-
sible parties. F. B. SURRTRNE, 138 Mont-
gomery st.. or S. H. ROBERTS, Mill Valley.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— house; 7 or 8 rooms:
bath; small yard: north of Sutter, east tof
Larkln; for 6 or 7 months. Box 1581, Call.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— SIOO reward ; three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts., Oakland.
$100 reward and no questions if returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN, 1124 Eighth St., Oak-
land. ..¦ •• " ¦
LOST— Ladies' gold watch, near corner of Turk
and Mason; name of Carrie on back. Return
to 339 Sixth st. ; receive reward. • -
LOST— Friday evening from Haight and Post
.sts. cars, gold fleur de 11s scarfpln; valued as
keepsake. Reward If returned to 6 California
st, room 2.
LOST— Open-face gold watch and chain, with
silver charms; monogram C. B. back of
watch; reward $15. 2323 Devlsadero st.
LOST— Black purse, October 23, on Polk or Call-
fornla st. Return to 2109 California; reward.
Saturday afternoon, purse on Sutter or
j Larkln st. car line; reward. 36C3 Washington.
LOST— Pug dog; male; one eye. Return toCSO
Geary st. ; reward. -.. :. . •
STRAYED from 201% Guerrero st. female fox
terrier, black and white, with collar; reward.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
tlonal Bank In favor EMMET CARTER (No.
6.490) for $140. Box 1588, Call office.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel bitch about 4
months old; liberal reward. J. ANTHONY, 57
Third st. % Ji
LOST— A foxterrier pup; all white except ears
and head. Return to 1256 Shotwell st. and
receive reward. .
LOST— On San Leandro road, gold cigar cutter
Add. F. MALONE. 233 Kearny st. Bulletin.
FOUND— October 17, on Steiner st. ; gold pcarl-
set ring. Apply 1310 Laguna st. ..'.',
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter «t.. needs old
gold and silver to make now watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and . sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421. «¦¦ . - . ¦ . ¦
/ MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. ISS7; reliable and
confidential; list, 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis st.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate - cases hare
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladles before & during confinement:
best care, attention; confinement $15; board $4
week; infants adopted. 3327 18th et. ; Mis.'ion-
st cara; consultation free; phone Capp 2803.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St., near Taylor; hours 9 to 6. ¦
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 8 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market st, S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement ; best medical care ; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEB, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery^ McP
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197- Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock .of
saloon outfits on hand ; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
' in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc. : also wood-working tools, such a?
band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont St.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
' sealskins, trunks, valises, etc..' Is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office, 25
Stockton st All you need is a . very small
deposit. . ¦ 2 - ¦ ¦ ¦
RETIRING from business: we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half off; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO., 704 Larkln.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.,
9 Stevenson st. •' ¦ > • ; • ,
STABLE for sale; corner 25th and Guerrero
ets. ; to be removed. Inquire of WM. PRIEST
3512 Twenty-fifth st. ¦¦¦'>.
FOR sale— Finest quality sealskin; bust 38;
cost $250; will sell for $125; same as new and
latest style. Box 1689, Call office. •
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. FERSHTAND, 126 Kearny st,
room -29. : ¦- ¦ ¦ " - -'
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 76. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
AT reasonable . prices — Choice runts, • hen ' pig-
eons, white homers. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
A—loA — 10 H.P. Atlas steam engine; almost new;
cheap. Address box 1674. Call office.
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business. - • ..,.••
FOR sale— Fine watch dog; genuine Dane. "J
Delgardo place, off Hyde st. , : ¦.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHIELSEN. 1230-32 Hampshire st. .
2D-HAND pipe, 4. 3, 2. 1, ' %., in.; half price
of new. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st.
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
plete, perfect. H. 8. WHITE, 616 Mission at.
MISCELLANEOUS — ' FOR SALE— Cost."
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission ; St. ¦
PHOTO bargain list v No. ;17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st. ~ ...... . -
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
: edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches." rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON, v.' . '
MAGIC ' lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. j BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. : J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second . hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento . st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay. scale; Jeweler's steel- j
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MIgCT !I X AKEOIJS WANTS.
WANTED— move !on vacant I lot, house of X
' or 3 stories, in flats or suitable for flats, in
good condition. MRS. E. C, 1518 Broadway.
WANTED— used hydraulic pipe: Giants;
pump; also portable .sawmill. Box 1666, Call.
WANTED — Second-hand upright nlano for
cash. I H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MOSEY TO: LOAN.
A^^A^HATTArTLoTN~COMpXNY^
$300 000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
1 Oakland town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
' on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
A NBW Idea In the mouey-lendlng business lh
being tried by the Portland Loan Office, 26
Stockton Bt. ; phone Bush 484. If you need
money phone us and the . manager of our
1 loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds,
watches sealskins, etc... or else you can call
at our office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. v .
Fir«t second and third mortgage
' Undivided interest In real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
' .¦ R. McCOLGAN
......... 24 Montgomery st, room 3
$250 000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages city or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 397
Parrott building. ¦ '
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLBEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more- money
• see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams • building, 206 Kearny. st, room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate Of interest.
-9 Grant aye., near. Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
1 liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
1 est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
5; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
. O. box 2073. ¦'•..
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant aye., near
Geary St.; phone Red . 1603.
ON furniture, pianos and other t collaterals,
lowest rates; quick; by private party. 850
Market st, room 10. ' ¦ ;
LOANS on ' pianos, furniture, no removal, li-
braries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amount ;
lowest rates ; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages and on fur- !
niture or pianos without removal ;any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
$600,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON, 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST..rates < on furniture, „ etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden- \
tial. • Room 8. Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68. ;
8% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
• commts. : confidential. Whttehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
I $1COO; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. £. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st '
.ON SALARIES without lndorser; other propo-
: sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLE V Company; loans and dis-
1 counts. 821 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
' plan... Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY "WANTED.
PARTY wishes to borrow $750 for six months;
note to be secured by Hen on valuable private
library, which will be stored In warehouse If
necessary. Address, stating rate of Interest
required, box 1716. Call office. .
LOAN of $1200 on outside property 'at outside
Interest ;' choice security. E. X., box 1693, Call.
WANTED— real estate security; will pay
10 per cent. Box 1636, Call office.
MUSK3AL_INSTRUMENTS. ¦ ;.^j_'
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and . second hand. Is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. - New ¦ pianos
' sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.,
Oakland. . ¦
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments; big allowance for
second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
gains, $25 up;. Stelnways, $185; Chlckerings,
¦ $186; 50 others; agents wanted. We pay your
fare to and from any part of California If you
purchase. 217 Geary St. . • ,
STECK, Everett, Hardman, Packard, Lud-
wlg, Harrington, ' Conover and other pianos.
These makes we are now offering for sale
In our wholesale warerooms at 933 Market
st. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
100 empty piano boxes for sale at 60c each
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
A FACT— We j want you to buy a ' piano from
us now, because It Is money In your pocket
to do so. We nave many bargains, and why
oan ¦ you not get the benefit as well as any
. one? Think of a piano at $75. MAUVAI^
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
ATTENTION BARGAIN HUNTERS— ~~*
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $60 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; ; new up-
right, pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Mason
and Hamlin, Vose. . Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and | full purchase price al-
lowed on a new | peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell st ; established 1850. V* .
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs $2 :
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st" IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents. .
PIANOS most modern - and up-to-date*
Steck, Everett, Conover, Packard, Ludwig
S Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market St.,
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).'
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second-
hand pianos Just put on sale for storage; dirt
cheap: must sell; no reserve; Installments if
desired. .. Wilsons Storage, 1706 Market st. ;
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
. going East account death; sacrifice. 502 Eddy.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party, going away. s 217 Geary st. ¦ i .'
STEINWAY "upright, second hand, ¦ wanted for
cash; state price. . Box 1969, Call office. ..¦:¦•< v
HERTZ piano; good "for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st ;. ¦
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. I
SOHMER, -Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton
• Spielmann pianos. 308 Post st. » ,
GOOD ' second-hand ' upright for sale, cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st. •¦ --' - -•, , .
ELEGANT piano as good as • new; • standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT - KEEFFE'S," 22 Turk ' St., near > Market—
Bhonlnger,. Schubert and. Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. . SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., ? 660 Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
DESK room to rent. R. H. CROSS, Mills
building, room 26, eighth floor.
LARGE front show window and office to let;
moderate rent; see it. 219 Montgomery st
ROOM, light, phone; suitable for designer or
card writer; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered. $3 up: whiting done. HART-
MAN Paint Co., 319 Third; phone Red 3521.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
UPHOLSTERER to take one-third interest in
an established business. Address 627 E. Main
st, Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— Partner who understands bees. Par-
ticulars address Adam Miller, Vallejo, Cal.
PERSONALS.
ORIGINAL and appropriate sentiments (proße
or verse) furnished for menu, birthday, wed-
ding and memorial cards, obituary notices,
etc.; letters written; terms reasonable. On
all occasions, grave or gay, Say rightly what
you wish to say. Whatever story you have to
tell, 'Twill be better heeded if worded well.
Therefore, when words fail you, remember the
address of the Golden Gate Literary Bureau,
1289 Union st.
JOHN RUMPEN, graduate of the world-re-
nowned massage institution at AIX-LA-
CHAPELLE, Germany, has opened a massage
institutipn at 977 Golden Gate aye. ; specialty,
gout, rheumatism and syphilis; guarantees a
cure of the latter; examination free; rates
reasonable and within the means of all; office
hours, 9-8 dally; Sunday, 9-12 a. m. 977 Golden
aye. ; special apartments for ladies.
DEEP WRINKLES REMOVED.
An eminent dermatologist Is located in the
city and will teach and practice the scien-
tific treatment whereby wrinkles, smallpox
pits, scars and every indication of age is pos-
itively removed from the face In ten days,
creating a beautiful complexion; indorsed by
leading physicians; city reference furnished
and work guaranteed. Address box 1696. Call.
WHEREAS, Certain parties giving scalp treat-
ments in this city, claiming to be graduates
of Dr. E. E. McLean, hair physician, Call
bldg., and that they are using her remedies,
are with one exception (Dr. Kletzker, 1610
California st.), frauds and have not studied
with her, nor ever had any of her prepara-
tlons. DR. E. E. McLEAN.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, carios and an-
tiques' bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
Bt, largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists', hairdressers' or our office. 385 Geary st.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4895.
CHARLES— Yes, the present Board of Supervi-
sors passed the ordinance closing the cemeter-
ies; your lot and improvements are valueless:
I am sorry for you, but you will have to bury
the baby away from its mother. FATHER.
NOTICE to storekeepers and public In general—
I will not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife EMERY L. MORRIS-
SON, after November 1 1901.
ALBERT C. MORRISSON.
AN elegant "line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pf pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMO3, 1117 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks^ moles removed forever,
painless and without ecar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 359U
Eighteenth st, cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
ALL scalp and hair diseases cured; hair grown,
gray restored, dandruff and falling hair
cured: shampooed, hair dried by the sun.
Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, S4 Kearny; phone Red 2439.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
$6 PER day SURE— Thorough Instructions in
enlarging photographs, no experience neces-
sary, for small sum of $1; no stamps accepted
W. E. DUNCANSON, Santa Clara. Cal.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
W. Forty-second st. New York.
A SURE cure for drunkenness, opium and mor-
phine habit; the Mooser Co. Gold Cure- price
$5 per bottle. Address at 1125 Geary st S
F., Cal.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate Columbus
Ohio.
MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
mole*, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the lates*
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 60 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st, S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 room<=-
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
free 'bug and baggage to and from the fern.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kla-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute m
West Forty-second st.. N. T.
TWO young gentlemen would like to meet two
young ladles; object, matrimony. Box 1670,
Call office.
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per-
sonal" advertisements marriageable peopl?,
many rich, mailed free.J.W.Gunnels.Toledo.O.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
THE latest fancy styles of hairdresslng for
parties 20c: one price only. G. LEDERER,
323 Stockton at.
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 130 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quavter
or double, $2 So. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1311 Stockton st. near Lro.ldway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
A— IT your hair Is faltng or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1206, Call office.
PRIVATE- detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 756 Valencia st. bet. 18th and 19th.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone^Plne 2386.
ALFREDUMB Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hiilr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 613 McAllister Bt.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission st. ; phone Folsom £528.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. ,733 Markt.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUKAUS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all dfuggirts.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Canada one year for 11.
PLANING AMD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
snd Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL- Office and residence,
1021V4 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st ; see testimonials at office.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard Ml. F. W. ZEHFUSH.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
REAL ESTATE-— CITY— -FOR gALB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery s*.
$2700— Choice corner of Golden Gate aye.; 32:6 x
100; if covered with flats would pay hand-
somely.
$9000— Rents $710 per annum; Oak st. close to
. Market; 6 substantial bay-window flats
of G-7 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 30x120 to rear street.
$9000— Rents $564 per annum; choice corner on i
Lyon st, near the Park; 3 bay-window
flats; 25x96.
$8100— Rents $840 per annum; Ashbury St., near
the Park; thre« new bay-window flats of
5 rooms and bath each; brick foundation,
cement walks, street bitumlnlzed; 25x116.
$8200— Rents $630 per annum; choice corner on
Pine st; two bay-window flats of 6-7
rooms and bath each; in perfect order;
27x57:6.
$5500— Rents $570 per annum; Inside store prop- }
erty; two stores of 3 rooms each and flat
of 8 rooms; this is a snap.
$5160— Reduced ; rents $444 per annum; Oak St., j
close to Park: two well-built bay-window
• flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation; 25x100; key lot.
$1500 — Sacramento St., neat Broderick; two-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; key lot;
27.6x127:8'i, with L 25x82:6; an ideal loca-
tion for three flats.
$4000— Rents $552 per annum; Clay St., near
Mason; four flats of 3 rooms each; lot j
40 feet front.
$4000 — Rents $384 per annum; Diamond St., near ,
Eighteenth; two new bay-window flats
Of 5-8 rooms and bath each: concrete '
foundation, etc.; stable In the rear;
27:6x123.
$3SoO— Twenty-fourth st.. near Castro; cozy bay-
window cottage of 6 rooms. and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; large garden; box.
14; bank mortgage of $2000 can remain; j
bargain.
$3750— Golden Gate aye. ; a choice bay-windowr .
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; desirable I
location; 25x100.
$2500— Close to Ninth and Harrison sts.; four j
flats of 3-6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation; 23x85.
$2300— Octavia St.; cottage of 6 rooms; lot 31x72.
Choice list of building lots In all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one of our Real Estate
Records, containing a list of properties for gala
in all parts of the city.
Latest pocket maps of San Francisco. 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
EASY TERMS.
We are offering the NW. corner of Hayea
and Fillmore sts. In subdivisions of 25 and 27:6 '
feet front; ideal location for residences or flats, j
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 M"ntiomery st
LYON & HOAG,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$4750— Rents $44; Pacific St., near Leaven-
worth; large lot; 2 flats and cottage;
always rented; good Investment
$14,000— Rent $110; elegant flats on Pacific
Heights, facing public park; contain
8 and 11 rooms, etc., each; large lot.
$8250— Mission st., near Sixteenth; a 3-story
building, containing a store and 2 flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; also 3 rooms
in rear of store; foreclosure sale; build-
Ing cost $10,000.
$23,500— Choice business property within three
blocks of City Hall; a large corner lot,
65x95, with Improvements In splendid
repair; consisting of 3 stores and flats
above; always rented for $200.
$12,500— Great bargain In business property; on •
two prominent streets in Mission; lot i
35x92:6, with substantial improvements ;
in good condition, containing stores and i
flats: renting for $123; heavily mort-
gaged and must be sold at once.
$4500 — Any reasonable offer considered: Guer- i
rero st. residence, near Twenty-fifth ; i
contains 8 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x125; \
house modern In every respect.
$8000— Close to Page and Ashbury sts.; 3 bay- j
window flats, containing 5 and 6 rooms ¦
each; total rents $72.50.
$4000— Must be sold; Greenwich St., near Fill-
teOM; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each:
also a cottage on rear street; lot 37:6 x
120, through to rear street; rents $40; a !
bargain.
$14,000— Good business corner, near Flllmore St.,
consisting of drug store and 2 flats'
large lot; rents $97.50.
$11,000— Two substantially built houses close to
Devisadero and California sts. ; contain- j
ing 9 rooms and bath each and all mcl- j
era conveniences; lot 55x110; must be
sold to close an estate; rents $90- offer '
"wanted.
$11,000— Large corner, 58x90; close to Fell and '
Octavia sts.; good improvements; rent
$80; bound to Increase in value; sold to
close an estate
$7000— Great bargain; O'Farrell St.. near La-
guna; 2 bay-window houses 7 rooms
and bath each; rented low at $53; lot
25x120. to Olive aye.
Send for Printed Catalogue.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc )
IMPROVED 513 CalifO ™'* •*•
$16.500— Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6- two 2-
story houses.
$8250— Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats;
rents $67.
$7750 — Washington, near Walnut: J4:4t4x
127:8 Vi: house of 10 rooms and bath.
$5000— Union place, near Green; 20x38.9; two
houses; rents $41. •
J5OO0 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112 -6; 3
new flats; rents $47.
$4750— Mason, near Sacramento; 3 flats; rents
$41 80.
$4600— Union, near Jones; 22:6x120, to rear
street; residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$4500— Corner 26th and Capp; 30x65; 2 houses
rents $31.
$4200— Clara, near 6th; 25xS0; store and two
flats; rents $46.
$3350— Clementina st., near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
$3000— Scott nlace, near Broadway; 25x56; six
flats ; rents $39.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Broderick, near O'Farrell; 60x137:6.
$7000 — Buchanan, near Sutter; 50x137:?— and L
25x50.
$5500— Greenwich st, tear Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp St., near 25th; 65x115.
Cor. 19th aye. and Clement: 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts. ; 25x70.
$3500 — Fulton st, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
$2250— Union St.. near Webster: 34:4^x137:6.
$1250 each — Polk st, near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:6x87:6.
$1250 — Octavia st., near Union: 23x59:6.
$1000— Sanchez, near 18th; 25x106.
$85 a front foot— Mission St.. near 28th.
400 lots, $200 to $400, terms easy; electric road
passes.
CENTER & SPADER.
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors,
1 Montgomery St.. Lick House Block.
$18,000— Choice lot for factory purposes on '
Eleventh st., near Harrison 2 frontages; lOOxlS.".
$IS, ooo— Elegant NW. corner In the Mission;
partly improved; will pay now 5 per cent In-
terest on Investment: large lot, 137:10x117; three
frontages: street work completed.
$5500— Snap: Sixteenth St.. near Valencia; S3
feet front, 110 feet deep: street work complete.
$4000— Make offer; Harrison St., near Third:
lot and Improvements; 25x85.
$10,000 — Washington St.; corner residence. 10
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; large lot, 30x87:6; I
particulars at office.
$2500— Snap; modern cottage on Castro st. : 5 j
room? and bath; lot 25x80. •
$1800— Cheap corner lot on Castro and Eliza- j
beth sts>. ; 26x106.
$4750— Rents $40: 2 modern flats on Stelner St., \
near Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x87:6.
$5500— Rents $42 50; Grove st.; 2 flats. 6 rooms
each: lot 55x137:6.
$4300— Bush st, near Flllmore; 2-story house,
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$1800— Snap; an offer wanted for lot on Hayts
St.. near Lyon; 25x137:6.
$5000— Flllmore st. near Oak; choice lot, suit-
able for flats; 37:6x110.
$8500— Rents $77 50 per month; 9 new up-to-
date flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms, on Folsom st. ;
lot 25x100.
$2500— Two-story house. 2 tenements, 7 rooms I
each, renting for $22; Rondell place, off Six-
teenth st. ; this is cheap property.
$3500^ — Rents $31; 2 bay-window flats on Fair
Oaks st, near Twenty-third, containing 5 and
6 rooms; lot 30:6x117:6 to rear street.
CENTER & SPADER.
WRIGHT A EWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agents,
Loans. Insurance. 316 Montgomery at.
$43,000— A prominent corner on Larkln St.; aiae
70x87:6 ft.; leased, pays over 7 per cent |
net.
$46,000— Eddy-st Investment: pays large net in-
come; recently improved; leased for a
term of years.
$36.000— Sutter-st. investment: full-depth lot:
Improved: further Improvements would '
Increase income largely.
SIXTEENTH AND GUERRERO STS.
Large lot. 130x170 ft., with fair improve-
ments; splendid opportunity for development.
DOLORES ST..
Between ISth and 16th sts.; lot 100x150 ft.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Five lots can be bought at reasonable figure.
$7,250— Shrader st., near Waller St.; lot 27:6 x
106, with 2 flats renting for $65 per
month.
$3,ooo— Nice lot on Pine st.. west of Flllmore I
Ft.: old Improvements: rents now for
$20 per month: flats would pay well; a
barsain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful building lots, south side of Jack-
son st.
BURNHAM * MARSH CO..
20 Mrwitromery st.
fl«,BoO— Rent $160 a month: one of the be»t
Western Addition business corners; large lot
and elegant 3-stnry building, which alone cost
the money, to be sold at once to settle property
Interests.
$9500— Half of Market st. Int. near Stxth st-
pays over 6 per cent Interest and han a great
future. BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
JO Montromery st.
$4SO— CHANCE of your life to buy fine h<->me-
bulldlng lot at half cost price: ready to build-
title Insured: surveyed 100 feet from cars- 1
block $50,000 school. DETTNER. owner, 414
Hoffman aye.
NEW flats, best part of city; $55 Income p#r
m £. nt^,f as J!l termB : •- bargain. Owner, box
[ 1695, Call offlc«.
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALS.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
$2,2so— Dolores, near 13th st; best and cheap-
est building lots in town; extra deep;
size, 23x150.
T&.ooo— Rents $9«0 per year; northwest earner
on Bryant st. ; size 75x75; store and flats',
all in first-class order throughout.
$500— A bargain in a lot for a home; loin -
ing lots sold $730 each; Elizabeth St..
near Diamond.
$3,500— $36 per month: northwest corner
on Dupont St.; 25x60: store and flat above
and cottage 3 room?.
$2.loo— Cheap; cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
. lot 25:3x120; 4th aye.. near Point Lobes.
$7,ooo— V'alle jo st. corner Montgomery; lot 53 x
80; 2 houses and 2 flats.
$3,730— Rents $33 per month; flats 6 rooms and
bath: driveway and stable; lot 25xS0;
Klsling St., near 12th and Howard. - •*
500— Russ St., near Howard and «th; lot
30x100; house IS rooms, 2 baths, etc.
$10,500— Taylor st., corner Greenwich; lot 00x90;
frame buildings.
$5,500— Howard st, north side, near 7th: lot
25x90; improvements rent $35 per month.
Choice Lots for Flats. ¦
. $l,6Co— Waller, near Shrader and the Park en-
trance; 25x137:6.
$2,2so— Stanyan. near Frederick, faces the
Park; 25x106:3; only lot left
$3,500— 5 E. corner of Jreen and Gough; 2SxICO.
$20,000— Extra large Jot. 40x106; 2 substantial
¦butldiitgs renting for $115 per month;
splendid site for apartment bouse; near
Sutter and Mason.
$9,500— $86 per month and can b* In-
creased; building in first-class order;
separate flats; Sacramento st, near
Hyde: large lot. 33x137:6.
$19,000— Rents $170 per month; 3 new modern
flats of 7. 7. 10 rooms and bath each; lot
27:6x137:6; Nob Hill, California st.
I $11,000— Large residence of 12 rooms and hath,
• •¦: easily converted into flats at outlay or
»40P0: would rent for $1320 per annum
lot 30x137 Bush St.
Jl.B3o— Turk St., near Baker: cottage of four
rooms and basement.
$3,500— Folsom St.; 2-story building, store be-
low, flat above; 7 rooms; vicinity of 4th
street; rent 3 $25.
$B,2so— Three-story and basement buildirg;
store and 4 rooms, 2 flats above, rear
house of 2 flats: lot 2."x137:6; rents *63 50
per month; Sth st. not far from Market.
$3,6oo— Four separate flats In splendid condi-
tion; vicinity of Folsom and 9th sts.: lot
27x75; all rented; rents $39 per month.
Send to cur office for "Buyer and Seller,"
containing full list of improved and unim-
i roved properties for sale; mailed free.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
SUNSET DISTRICT. I ~~~'
Choicest building lots on very easy payments;
en the H-st. electric cars and fronting Gulden
Gate Park and the new Ninete*nth-ave. boule-
vard: lots and streets on the official grade:
macadamized; plank sidewalks; gas and water
service; low prices; bound to increase in value;
your own terms; interest only « per cent.
Call at once at our branch office (open week
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of H st.
and Ninth aye.. south of Golden Gat© Park,
end ask to be shown these beautiful lots; full
particulars and price lists also at our office.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. .
j » 10 Montgomery st
MCAFEE BROTHERS, •
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. -V- .
The northwest corner on Pine st. house o<
10 rooms and bath; has large basement: board
side to the sun; could be turned into two
modern -flats; price $7500; no reasonable offer
refused; must be sold at once for absent owner.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
Three fine new flats on Jackson st. : finely
finished throughout; very sunny lot; rent $180;
price $17,000 ,
HOWARD-STREET FLATS.
Rents $88; price $6750; three flats on Howard
I st., near Twelfth; 7, 6 and 3 rooms: all rented;
lot 23x137:6, in good condition; new plumbing,
etc.
A BIG CORNER. c>V
On Mission St.; 3 frontages; fine for stores
and flats: car line on two streets and transfer
corner; centrally located; owner very anxious
to effect a quick sale; large mortgage can
stand; price $49,000; an offer wanted.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Splendid nearly new home on Pacific Heights;
9 rooms and bath; sunny lot, with beautiful
marine view; price $13,500.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
Two flats on Larkin St., near Sutter ; will ex-
change for cottage in Panhandle district; price
$7500.
> t--J i. . LOTS FOR FLATS.
Fine lots corner of Scott and McAllister st*.:
must be sold for absent heirs; sizes. 27:6x137:1
and 25x106:3; prices very reasonable.
CLAY STREET.
Cheapest lot In Presidio Heights on Clay st;
all ready to build on; price only $1500 '
IN THE MISSION.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath on Shotwell st. ,
near Twenty-second; easy terms if desired.
Send for our list of other Mission cottages. All
prices.
FOLBOM STREET. "
Between Third ' and Fourth sts., -store and
rooms above; lot 20x80; rents $25; price $3200; a
nice little Investment.
. .BUSH-STREET FLATS. i.-*~~
i Two new flats on Bush st. ; 6 and 7 rooms;
rented for $60 30 monthly; price $7000.
Send for our list of cheap lots situated In all
parts of the city.
• . McAFEE BROTH <
ICS Montgomery St., San Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE ' *
Established January, 1858,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market st. opu. Palace Hotel.
Eddy St.. inside of Hyde; large rooming-
house; steady income: 25x137:6; $18,000 asked.
* $19,500— Large residence on the Geary-st. hill,
inside of Octavia; 18 rooms; sun on all sides,
lar~e lot.
$9730— Grove st. near Webster; four flats;
rents $72 per month; lot 33x32 :C
$6250 — Clay st. near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; in good order: 27:2x127:8.
Only $4500— Sunny side Nineteenth St.. near
Valencia: 8 rooms; rents $23; lot 25x53. .
— Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
sts.: store and fiats; rents $36; only $3804.
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st. ; rents $240 per year. .V>
$5000— A nice sunny home; north line Bush st.
near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x137
— Twenty-sixth St., near Castro: 2 flats:
rents $27; lot 25x114.
Mission home; Collingwood* St., neat ¦
Nineteenth; cottage and large lot sSxi:s. " } . .-'/,,_
" — Sanchez sfc. N"VV. corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 30x100.
$2000— Nice cottage home on Nineteenth »t,
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; toi
25x73. ,;¦•;,'
$4000— Valencia St., near Twenty-fifth; parti?
improved; SfcxSO to an alley.
Seventeenth St., near Dolores; 4 fiats;
rents $39- lot 36:6x57:6: offered low to force sale.
MADISON & BURKE.
';¦'..,- , 826 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our bargains in Sunset attract many buyers.
Choicest graded lots with splendid view nt
ocean and park from $500 to $300; $10 monthly.
$100 to $330— Don't miss seeing our new level
Ocean Boulevard Lots! Installments.
Call at Sunset Branch Office. 9th ay*.. near
H st, every day or Sunday.
$400 to iSOO-SNAPS IN RICHMOND LOTS.
$100 to Level lots near Mlsslon-st elec-
tric car; $10 down, $5 monthly.
30 minutes' ride from Chronicle building.
CALL AT ONCE FOR DIAGRAMS.
! $850. $1000 to $2500— 4-room cottages, easy
terms.
! VY; SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle building.
GEORGE A. RAYMOND. ~~
Room 2. seventh floor. Mills building.
COLONIAL HOUSE.
On I College HeigMs overlookinar the Park; -
fine views; house now .building to be finished
In about 2 weeks; contains C rooms, bath, toi- •
let, .laundry and large basement; everything -
dainty and up-to-date; a lovely home; price
$3730; easy terms.
Beautiful lots on College Heights. $800 to
$1200; liberal terms; long time.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
Western Addition, choicest location; all rent-
ed and will stay rented; price $22,500; no less.
WAREHOUSE.
Tenant wanted for first-class warehouse to
be erected on Townseml st. in the heart of the-
choicest warehouse district; will build to suit
a first-class tenant.
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Mills bid*
GOOD corner to build: 4 flats on; go and took
at that well located and cheap corner. ¦ 36x
82:6; SE. Pierce and Filbert: street work all
done; Filbert bitumlnized: fine surroundings;
a few steps from Union st cars; $1850. W. 3.
GUNN. 02* California st. . - ;
VERY cheap sunny corner, good sis*. 37:6x110;
only $3750: northwest corner Union and
Pierce: • very : choice: ail street work done:
' stone pavement laid: Union-st. cars pass In
front; fine marine view from this lot; dit«ct»y
In front of a beautiful home. W. J. GUNNa '
530 California st. A.
FOR sale— s223o; cottage/ 6 rooms, bath -ami
garden. Apply on ¦ premises. 1243 Union st.,
near Hyde, from 1 to 3.
For Additional Classified AdvertiM-
ments See Page Forty-Two.
4142
PEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE. 1
ASTON. KLDRIDGE & CO., I
638 Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. . *
TUESDAY November 12, 1901
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom No. 63S Market st
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1011) Haight St., 105 feet west .
of Broderick; modern house of 8 rooms, bath $
and hp.ni finished basement; lot 25x120 feet.
MODERN MISSION FLATS.
Southeast corner <Nos. 1201-1203) Sanchez and j
Twenty-fifth 6ts.; 2 modern up-to-date flat*
consisting of 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, open
nickel plate plumbing, tiled mantels and sinks,
etc.; rents $33 per month; lot 2M%xSI:9 feet
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side <Xos. 2030-2C32) Lombard St., 167
feet east of Fillrnore: 4 substantial flats of
£-6-4-4 rooms and bath and basement: tunny
and in good condition; this property is on the
boulevard connecting the Presidio with Van
Ness aye.; always rented and desirable; rents
$65 per month; large lot 26:6x112:6 ft
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) Nineteenth St.. 105
feet west of Mission; 2 nice houses of 6 rooms
and b»th with separate basements each; this
property is situated between Mission and Va-
lencia sts.. which are the principal business •
streets of the Mission; present Income $42 per
month; lot 2cxSs ft
JOICES-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Best side (Nos. 1506-1308-1510) Jones St., 85 feet «
north of Jackson; 2 modern fiats of 5-6 rooms
and bath and cne 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath; well located; fine neighborhood; lot
«7x75:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. »
Southeast side (No. 439) Clementina St., 127:«
feet northeast of Sixth; a substantial house /
6 rooms &nd bath; 6-foot basement; lot 20x7a.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. K69> Post St.. 113:6 feet east
of Webster: substantial well-built house 9
rooms and b«th; sun and light in every room;
lot 24x114:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE— ON
TERMS.
North side (No. 1516) McAllister St., 156:6
feet west of Parker are.; modern cottage 7
rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x96:4 or terms,
$500 cash, balance as rent
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South side Vallejo st. 165 feet west of Fill-
more; a magnificent building in an aristocratic
neighborhood commanding an elegant marine <
view; lot 55x127:6.
HOLLY PARK LOTS.
North side of Richland aye.. 575 feet east of
South aye.; lets 35-36, Holly Park Tract; 25x100 j
ft. each.
ASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO.. i
63S Market St.
•EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. i
$5509 — and 3 flats on the north side of I
etreet, between 7th and Bth Bts.; well |
built: in good condition: always rented; j
we $€S4 per annum; the large lot, 2Sx j
100 feet, is easily worth the asking
price: investigate this, as it is well ,
worth your time. s '
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
410,000— Three new modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; all the latest modern up-to-
date Ideas are found in this building; ,
Just completed; rents $97 50 per month,
or nearly one per cent per month; this
is a gilt-edged permanent Investment;
lot 25xlC0L. * ,
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$9000— MAKE OFFER; handsome modern up- ]
to-date house of 9 rooms and bath; near ;
- Park Panhandle; fine stable and good j
cottage in rear; situated in the middle ¦ ,
of a fine large 50-foot lot. assuring an '
abundance of light; a rare chance for a
physician. .
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE
$5500— An elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
/ and bath; en the east side of Lyon st., j
overlooking the Park Panhandle; this
property cost over $9000 and will be sold
on easy terms; 25x91:2 feet.
BARGAIN.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
$4000— Four well built tenements of I rooms
each; near 10th and Harrison sta.; Im- |
provements only 6 years old and in first
class condition; always rented; brick I
foundation; lot 25x85 feet; rents $40 per j
month.
MISSION FLATS.
5500— Four well built flats of 4, 4, 5, 5 rooms
and bath each; near Mission and 14th ' i
sts.; rents f648 annum; lot 45xS0 feet, j
RICHMOND FLATS. ]
$1750— Four flat* of 4 rooms each, on Clement j
«.: rents $32 per month; always rented; :
lot 251120. j 3
A ENAP. '
$1700— Cozy modern cottage of 5 room« and 1
bath, on Sanchez St., near 24th; street j
cars; lot 24xS0 feet: flat loan $1200 at « j
per cent can remain; easier terms can r
be obtained; this is a sample of our . i
Mission homes; call and get a list; we : :
sell them on your own terms at your j
own price. I ]
A ETON, ELDRTDGE & CO.. I 1
; 638 Market st
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
2 Montgomery st.
$17.509— Rents $160 per month; 3 new flats of i
6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath on north line :
of Bush St.. near Mason. I :
— Elegant home of 12 rooms, 2 baths, fur-
nace, hardwood floor; finished in nat- • ;
ural woods throughout; on Jackson st. |
near Central aye.; marine view; lot j
21:€x127:8. •
$11.000— Finest northeast corner lot on Presidio i
Heights; 37:6x127:8; magnificent marine
view. |
$1", 000— $97 50; 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; all the latest improve-
ments.
$10,000— Very choice lot near Butter and Taylor •
sts.; S3 feet frontage; will pay 32 per
cent net if improved.
— Attractive modern residence, 9 rooms, j
bath, furnace, etc., on Baker st., near ¦
Fulton: lot 25x100.
$3,sCo— Cheap: Howard et. near Third; 2-story !
house of 10 rooms and bath; lot 20x80.
$4,soo— Rents $42: 3-story bay-window build- !
ing on Powell st, near Clay; always I
rented; first story of brick; bank mort- I
gage of 53000 can remain.
BS,SCO— cor. Folsom and Norfolk; 38x75;
suitable for stores and flats. . I
$3.soo— Rents $42; 4 flats of 4 rooms each on
Clementina St.. near Ninth; always
rented; pays 13 per cent net.
$1,600— cor. 15th and Castro; 21x90.
Fifteenth, near Castro st. ; accepted;
concrete sidewalks; 24x90.
$500 Castro, near 15th; snap.
O. P. BALDWIN A SON.
$•000— POST, near Larkin; N. s.: 25x120 to rear
V— St.: house 10 rooms and bath; rents $52 50. '
«750— $25; a bargain; Erie St.. near How- .
ard; 32:4x85; 2 good fiats of 5 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation.
•6250— Rents $50: Broderick st. near Park en- I
— trance: 2 flats of 5 and 6 and bath each.
$TBOo— Fine marine view; lot on Presidio
Heights; 100 ft. frontage.
; , O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
HAWKS & SKELTON^
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6500— Good investment; O'Farrell st near
Octavia. to rear street, near Laguna: rents $50;
steady renting property. Can be Improved
$3250-Flats: Hartford, near Twentieth and
Castro; 4 and 5 rooms; rents $330 per annum;
a fine investment. *
$4250— L0t north side Page st.. near Baker*
Man*; overlooking park; choice for home or
flats.
ISetO— Corner Page and Laguna sts.: 35x100- !
fine location for home or flats. *
HUB* Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco sts.; 15 mm- i
utes from our office: superb view of bay can- i
not be cut off; corner; 35x112; $3500; Inside lots
$1730. *
$3000— Lot on south fide of Chestnut et west '
of Hyde: 27:6x110: fine view of bay.
$6300— Lot NW. Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137- '
fine site for building with every room sunny*
good view south; also bay view from upper
floor.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 223 Montgomery st
BUILDING LOTS ON FOLSOM STREET. • "
And Only Two Left
$10 a month will buy you one of them- no
better opportunity to get a fine lot; cement
sidewalks laid.
6-rdom cottage, newly built; it's yours for
your rent money; only half block from Mls-
i-ion St.; an elegant home.
MB cottage on San Bruno aye., 100 feet
r->m Twenty-fourth st. ; easy monthly pay-
ments.
5-room cottage on Hoffman aye., near Twen-
ty-third st.
$100 for 2 lots on $5 monthly payments; near
Miesion road.
$11 75 a month will buy you a fin* 4-room
cottage and level lot; 1 block from Folsom-
et. ¦
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at
ONLY $3230 for northwest corner of 23d and Do-
lores sts.i/lot 50x37. with 2-story building; a
map; investigate. Address owner, GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 4.'.4 Ninth Ft.. Oakland.
• FOR sale — Xew artistic homes; new plane; up-
' to-dnte conveniences; finished in natural hard
woods; prices very reasonable; the public In-
vited to inspect; located Masonic aye. and
Frederick st.: owner on premises.
COTTAGE for ¦ale cheap; easy terms; Etone-
Kman st. near Alabama. •" . ¦• '
$12SO— HOUSE 4 i rooms, bath; see ¦ owner on
place. I£2 Tenth aye., Sunset District
REAL ESTATE — FOR SALE.
KHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery St.
JUST BUILT.
J17.500— Broadway. N line; new house of 2
stories, attic and basement; 7 bedrooms,
I bathe: large lot 40x137:6 feet; natural
wood finish; square hall; planned by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
ELEGANT RESIDENCES.
$12,500— Pacific aye.: modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms, 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor.
$3,loo— Haieht st., sunny side, near Pierce St.;
25x110 ft.; cheap.
$3,76o— New two-story house of 7 rooms and
bath: Sixth aye.; on Sacramento-stieet
cable line; lot 25x120 feet.
MODERN FLATS.
Devisadero st. ; 2 modern flats; rents
$40; lot 25x90 feet
NEAR MARKET ST.
$7.500— 0ak St., near "Market; 2 fiats and cot-
tage; rents $53; lot 27:6x120 feet
GRAND INVESTMENT.
516.000— Mission St.; rolid and substantial 3-
story frame building, store and lodging-
house: rents $130; pays over 6 per cent
net; lot 50x122:6 feet
NEAR MARKET ST.
fl3, ooo— Turk st., near Jones; 2-story house, 8
. rooms and bath; present rents nominal;
lot 23x137:6 feet. p
PRICE REDUCED.
?10.000— Price reduced from $—.500; ' must be
sold; sunny side of Pine St.; substantial
house of 12 rooms and bath; hardwood
floors; large lot, 38:9x137:6 feet.
I INVESTMENT PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
, $1,250— Rents $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at 6
i ' ¦ per cent can remain; south of Market
I fct. investment; close to Third and Bry-
1 " ant sts.
MISSION FLATS.
Mission flats, San Jose aye.; rents $40;
lot SS:4V4xBS feet; every room light and
sunny. , -
SPECIAL.
516,000 Mlssion-st business property: substan- i
tial building of stores, lodging-house
above; rents $130; lot 50x122:6 feet
PRICE REDUCED.
$4.250— reduced from $6000; corner resi-
dence, on best part of San Jose aye. ; 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 50x137:6 feet
SNAP IN INCOME PROPERTY.
$25,000— Mission. st. near Ninth; lot 40x160 feet?
. church building on Mission st. and two
dwelling houses on Ninth.
MARKET-ST.
$15,600 Market-st corner, at Junction of
Church and Fourteenth' sts.; 93 feet
frontage by 94 feet and 108 feet depth.
RESIDENCE NEAR GOLDEN GATE PAKK.
Haight st, near Broderick, north side;
contains 10 rooms and bath; fine view;
house modern in every way; lot 27:6 x
137:6 feet
."WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7.ooo— Clay st. near Baker: 3 modern flats, (
and T rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet
front; a rare chance.
I _^^^^
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
00— New fiats; rents $142 50 monthly: a very
good investment: ( tenants in all; lot
37:6x112:6- feet; rents are low and can be
increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
135,000— Tw0-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.
— Van Ness aye. residence; bargain: lot
alone worth the price: contains 9 rooms
and bath; near Pacific aye.; lot 25x100
feet.
BUTTER- ST. FLATS.
$115,000 — Butter st., norts side, near Webster: I
modem flats of 7 and 9 rooms . and
bath; lot 27:3x127:6 feet; very sunny;
always rented.
GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
$s,soo— Howard st, bet 22d and 23d; substan-
tial residence of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x122-6 feet-
CHEAP FLATS.
$s,lso— Capp St., bet. 22d and —d. : 2 modern
flats of 6, 7 rooms and bath; lot 26:8 x
122:6 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$7,soo— Jackson st, near Maple; modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x129
feet; must be sold.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE* & CO..
218-220 Montgomery Et. Mills bldg.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property,.
624 Market.
$9000— Choice residence on Post st. near Lar-
kin, containing 10 rooms and bath; rents for.
$52 50 per month; lot 25x120. ,
$SOCO— Three choice flats on Bush St.. near
Scott, containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $60 per month; lot 27:6x137:6.
$8000— Bush st, near Hyde; large residence
containing 16 rooms and bath; could be changed
into flats with very little expense; size of lot
30x187:6.
$6500— Two flats on Grove st, near Lacuna;
lot 25x120; rents $50.
$5000— Three modern flats; . 22d St., near Va-
lencia; size of. lot 25x114; rents $54 50.
$4000— Choice residence on 20th St.. near Va-
lencia, containing 6 rooms and bath; occupied
by owner.
$4000— St., near Bryant; 2 fiats containing
5 rooms and bath each, store and 2 rooms
within, with bakery even: lot 50x114; rents $49.
$4500— Clay st, near Flllmore; residence, 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
$4CCO— Two flats; Natoma st., near Sixth; lot
25x75 ; rents $30.
— Clara st., near Sixth; 2 flats; lot 22:6 x
80; rents $28.
$3250— Choice cottage; Capp st., near 25th;
containing 6 rooms and bath; lot 21:8x115.
Dolores st., near 22d; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25x96.
— Shotwell-st. cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
lot £5x114.
Cottage; * Diamond St., near 24th; 6
rooms and bath; lot 20x114.
$1650— Hardy St., near 16th; cottage, 3 rooms;
rent $12 50; lot 25x75.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
$5000 — home cheap; fine garden; large lot;
one block to cars; Waller st., near Pierce.
— Rents $47 50; a great bargain; new flats;
Bush St., near Devlsadero. • .
$3500—62 feet Irregular depth; cheap lot; on
Masonic aye., near Waller st.; surround-
ed by fine modern homes.
Cheapest lot in the district; 18th St., near
Noe; 25x114.
$600— Must be sold by crder of absent owner:
150x100; 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; a
few blocks from Mission-st. cars'.
Cheapest corner in Ocean View; corner
Broad and San Jose aye. ; cars pass the
lot: can arrange easy terms.
— $100 less than adjoining; level lot; on
Crescent aye.; close to the cars.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
SANTA FE, the coming city at PT. RICH-
MOND, where the car shops are located, em-
ploying hundreds of men; where the Standard
I Oil Co. is now constructing at cost of mil-
lions great refineries, to employ hundreds of
men.
At terminus of the great transcontinental
i railroad, where ship ana rail meet.
Greatest opportunity on the coast.
Land Is bound to Increase rapidly.
All lots level Streets graded.
$125 and. up; $10 cash; $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS., Sole Agents,
18 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE,
The coming city at POINT RICHMOND. ¦
Lot*, all level streets graded
$125 and up $10 cash, $5 monthly
McEWEN BROS 118 Montgomery
Sole Agents.
j SOLD— cottage on 23d st.; come in " and
order another.
$1650— 4-room house on Lundy lane, opposite
! Valencia terminus; easy terms.
$4000— 2-story house for hotel on 45th
| aye., fronting boulevard; close to electric
cars; easy terms. .
3-room house on Prentlss st.
$650 — 4-room carhouse; $25 down, $5 monthly.
$100- -Park lots, near fortification, south of
Cliff House: $1 down, $1 monthly.
$50-Lots 23x125; Alvln Tract and Elmhurst
Station. Atameda <"ou> y; $1 ' down, $1
monthly.
$750— Only 1 lot left: fronting the boulevard,
between J and X sts.
$70— Lots near Colma, San Mateo County;
$1 down, $1 . monthly.
$150— Lots; Lincoln aye.: Heyman Tract.
- Seven lots on Silver aye. (cheap) for chicken
raising.
$400 — Lots on Twenty-second st. and View
aye., Heyman Tract, near new schoolnouse.
. Business corner: 26x100; Douglass and 23d
sts. (cheap), near Noe Valley schoolhouse;
good for store below and flat upstairs; good
rent.
JACOB HEYMAN, . 117 Sutter it.
FOR Sunset, »th aye., bet. I and J sts.,
story and half house of 6 rooms, bath and
high basement: all modern improvements; will
be completed In 3 weeks; now is the time to
buy and have the house finished to suit; come
and take a look at it: sold on easy payments.
8. S. REED, owner and builder, 2526 Fulton.
A BEAUTIFUL and productive home near Hay^-
wards. Alameda County; 18 acres, nearly all
in full-bearing orchard (none better); sur-
roundings first class: sightly and beautiful lo-
cation; modern residence, etc; this choice
piece of property must be sold to close estate
H rfffiJ?" 1 ?; ? 0 ?./ or immediate sale. H.
H. CRANE. 508 California - st.
F °^. O SA V E A ?. a , whole or In subdivisions. 60-
n^Pll™ r th . line Unlon "•¦ 127:6 •>« east
Pitr; ii e erC «V« Lo^, nn ° heast corner Green and
S^^o^orneryg 15 - Real EBtate Broker «
350 EACH- Corner lots, North aye • frontage
3 streets; graded: cash ortartKl 24E i E !sfe
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901,
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
$15,000— Rents $1710; •"downtown" block from
Powell St.; 3 new modern fiats; this prop-
erty will sell for $1000 advance inside 60
days.
$12,500— Rents $1362; inside Leaven worth; easy
walking distance Market and Kearny
Bts.; 5 modern flats; now being foreclosed
for $12,000 mortgage.
$16,000— Rents $1680; •'downtown"; new, elegant,
modern; 27:6 frontage; north side: posi-
tively the cheapest and finest flats in the
city.
$10,000— Improvements worth $10,000; lot 35:6 by
125 feet, worth $5000; 2 elegant modern
residences; must be sold; make offer.
$1,000 cash; any offer submitted: must be
sold immediately; elegant modern resi-
dence; best portion Western Addition;
cars pass; sunny side street.
$6,ooo— Rents $618; two handsome flats and cot-
tage, best block Scott st. ; southern ex-
posure; light and sun in every room.
$s,soo— Rents $600; three handsome flats; 28 feet
frontage; best part Mission warm belt;
Improvements alone, worth $6000.
$3,7so— Rents $480; 4 flats, nr. Second St.; In the
manufacturing district; immediate in-
crease in value assured.
$2,6oo— Rents $26 per month; two flats, 4 and 5
rooms, and cottage, 4 rooms; all in first
class condition; street bituminized; ce-
ment sidewalk; Slxteenth-st. cars.
$2,soo— Rents $25 per month; two new modern
Richmond flats; lot 25 by 120 feet; Geary-
st. cars half block.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills blJg.
FOR sale by
JULIE-N SMITH,
Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st
Extra Fine Lots for Flats,
30x128.
Clay st., between Broderick and Baker;
there are lots of lots— there are few like
this; price only $3450.
Business Property.
Near Third and Bryant sta. ; fine lot 100x160,
with 2 frontages; price $22,500, or will lease
for a term or sell 50x80 for $6500.
Key Lot and Cottage.
Western Addition; choice neighborhood; be-
tween 2 cable cars and one block of electric;
sweet cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; key let;
front south s'.de and rear, receiving sun all
day; Just the lot for flats when you tire of
the cottage; particulars at office; price only
$4150.
Western Addition Lot.
California St., south side, 57 feet eaat of
Baker; slse 25x82:6; see this, please, and
make your offer; fix your price; it Is for sala,
and «111 be sold quickly.
Marine View Lot.
Vallejo st., south line, between Trtgnna and
Buchanan; 55x137:6; price $5600.
AN opportunity for a quick turn; a fine specu-
lation for any one having the ready money;
large corner lot. 137:6x128:9; SW. cor. Baker
and Vallejo; sightly and elevated; grand ma-
rine view; both streets graded, macadamized
and rewered; stone pavement laid on Baker;
price $10,000.
Two offers have been made this week for
this very cheap lot, but not quite up to the
mark; as a matter of fact 2 lots in the rear of
this corner, fronting on Broadway, in- the same
block, were sold last month at $300 per foot;
with such a grand view and In such a choice
location, this is the best bargain that has been
offered for many a year in this city.
W. J. OUNN, 530 California St..
S. F. Savings Union building.
$4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots In heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot,
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY,
395-396 Parrott building.
$350 BACH— Corner lots; Eugene aye.: frontage
8 streets; graded; cash or Install. 360 Jessie.
FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half oaeh. 3022 Pierce st.
AWEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE— COIXTRY— For Sale
VILLA SITES
In the heart
of the
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS,
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building
•ltes in El Cerrito we have been Instruct-
ed by the Bowie Estate Company to offer
for sale the choicest portions of the above
property.
Maps showing locations and subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms: One-third oash, balance In one and
two years.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
THE choicest body of reclaimed marsh land,
consisting of over 3000 acres under cultivation,
paying from $5 to $7 per acre annual rentals.
Situated within one and one-half hours by
rail or water from San Francisco. We now
offer this choice tract of land as a whole for
sale on very easy terms, or would rent the
same to a desirable tenant.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A highly improved country home and invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of 180
acres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapes. There
is a family orchard surrounding the buildings.
The improvements consist of a large 12-room
modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand-
some grounds containing a large fish pond and
fountain. There are also stables and other
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine Industry is as-
sured good pricea for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton. which
makes a resistant vineyard an investment prop-
osition. This property is worth your immediate
investigation. For full Information call on or
address. McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
A BARGAIN— Sonoma County; 32 acres; % mile
from Sonoma City; all nicely improved; 16
acres in fruit; good 9-room house; also cot-
tage, barn, etc.; nice profitable home; must
be sold on account of the death of owner;
terms easy.
A ranch of 1 acre, a ranch of 10.000 acres
or any size between those figures. In all the
counties of California, can be provided for
you by the undersigned.
Houses and lots in San Francisco, Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda to exchange for coun-
try property. J. H. GILMORE,
323 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ATTENTION HOMESEEKERS,
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures that we have for sale. Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct intending buyers to the best
lands and bargains in the State.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
A— SIOO,OOO— GRAND ollye, fruit and Sto6k
ranch; 1820 acres; all level; Irrigation; con-
venient to San Francisco; 13,000 bearing olive
trees 12.000 bearing fruit trees; fine improve-
ments, tools and teams; big income proposi-
tion; cost $150,000 10 years ago; now worth
$200,000; part cash, part San Francisco realty.
Owner, 2740 Pine st., San Francisco.
100 ACRES near Niles, $5000: good house; bear-
ing orchard; unincumbered; will rent, sell
or exchange for city Improved. WYMAN
LAND CO., 1137 E. Fourteenth st., near
Twenty-thlrd'ave.; Oakland.
5 ACRES good, level land, 3 miles from Berke-
ley, on San Pablo aye.. near Stege station,
cheap; cash or easy terms.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Ranch In Sonoma, Mendocino, Shas-
ta or Modoc County; will trade clear lots
160x200 in San Jose; value $1500. SALSBURY,
459 Ninth St., Oakland.
FINE cattle ranch; over 3000 acres, with out-
side land; all fenced; fine meadow land; good
houses and barns; family orchard; Investigate
this. WELDON. 395 Parrott building.
¦ FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information.
COZY corner in charming Mlllbrae, near cha-
teaus of D. O. Mills and Mark Lane. Apply
634 Market ot.. opposite Palace Hotel.
$2700— $1900 CASH; 40 acres all in fruit; near S
F. ; call early. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SAN JOSE! REAL ESTATE.
SAN JOSE real estate at a great sacrifice— l2-
room house, on lot 50x125; divided In 4 flats;
all furnished and rented; 3 flats rented for $21;
1 flat occupied by owner; furnished, $23C0; un-
furnlshed. t2lOO. Apply 220 Sutter St., room 33.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— Modern cottage of 8 rooms; lot
50x150; price $4500; also modern 9-room house,
lot 60x150. Alameda. I will pay a cash differ-
ence from $4000 to $5000 on either or both
of the above properties for modern residence
or flate; north of California et, San Fran-
cisco. J. S. JOHNSON, «30, Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$450— GOOD 5-room cottage; 1 block from sta-
tion; near school; lot 33:4x100; terms $150 cash;
balance $10 per month; without Interest.
$800— 2-story house, 6 rooms; 1 block from
Park st.; lot 50x145.
$1350— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; modern im-
proved; near station; lot 37:6x100; easy terms.
$1800 — Small 5-room cottage in good condi-
tion, with lot 50x207:6; near school and station.
$2400 — Lot 50x150, with 6 rooms and bath; on
main street; great bargain.
$2500— 1n first-class condition; cottage, 5
rooms and bath; on Pacific aye., near Willow-
st. station; lot 33:4x150; easy terms.
$3250— 0n Broadway; new 7-room cottage;
with all latest improvements; near station and
school; $500 cash, balance $25 per month.
$3750— New 2-story house on Morton St., bet.
broad and narrow gauge railroads; lot 40x150.
$6000— A snap; 2-story house, 11 rooms and
bath; on Central aye.; lot 50x207:6; cost owner
$11,000.
Building lots and houses to let in all parts
of Alameda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1422 Park St., Alameda.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Just received imperative instructions to sell.
Choice homes to be sacrificed.
"SEE US AT ONCE."
$2150— A lovely modern cottage; corner lot.
$2»00 — S rooms and bath; large lot; cost $4000.
$2750—7 rooms and bath; choice location; fine
lot.
$2000—8 rooms and bath: San Jose aye.; cost
$5000.
A FEW GREAT BARGAINS.
$1500, $1800 and $1250— Fine 4 or 5 room cot-
tages; large lots; near trains and schools; see
them.
A great chance to get a nice home cheap.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
W. K. CONGER & CO^
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
W K. CONGER & CO.
1501 Park Street,
Alameda.
Phone Grand 176.
$3600— New, modern, 8-room house, with recep-
tion hall.
$2400— 8-room house; lot 50x203.
$1250— Lot 50x150; west side Verdi St., between
Santa Clara and Railroad ayes.
$3750- -S-room house, with conservatory; north
side of San 'ose aye.
$4500— Elegant 9-room house; lot 50x150; or will
exchange for San Francisco property.
$1200—6 rooms and bath; $100 cash, $16 per
month.
These are but a few of the choice investment*
-we have to offer you. Come in and have a talk
with us. W K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park st., Alameda.
$1350— 7-ROOM house, 1% blocks from narrow-
gauge station West Alameda; lot 50x118; cot-
tage adjoining, same size lot. $700; both suit-
able for working men; your own terms.
Room 36. Chronicle building.
MUST BE SOLD.
Large number of handsome homes and lota
at almost your own prioe. Call and see them.
B. D. JUDD CO.,
1424 Park st.
CHOICE lots; Morton St., north of Santa
Clara; will build to suit; see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, builder, 124? Park tt
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M. cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAlNS— Berkeley Property.
$250— Lot 40x135 on Virginia St., within S
blocks of school; dirt cheap.
$650— Lot 60x135 on Mil via aye. ; near station
and electric cars; street work all done.
$700— Lot 40x120 on Shattuck aye., near North
Berkeley depot; street work all done, including
sidewalk; a bargain for Investment.
$650 to $1000— Splendid building sites on Shat-
tuck aye. ; electric cars pass the door. We will
build you a home to suit.
$1050 each— Two lots, each 50x125; street work
all done; situate in Scenic Park, near college.
$3100— Up-to-date home, 7 rooms; a snap.
$5500— Modern new home, 10 rooms; near uni-
versity on the south.
$10.000— For one of the best-built homes In
town; lot 100x150; room to build 3 more houses!
land worth $60 a foot; house cost $6000; a bar-
gain for some one.
Call and see us. We sell the earth.
MAY & MORTIMER.
2123 Center St..
Berkeley.
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of I
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Haven't you always wanted to raise poul-
try? I have IV4 acres of land Just suitable for
a chicken ranch and near to car line.
Just too cute for anything— A lovely little
home now building, on a very large lot. In the
Hlllegass Tract; street work all done; con-
nected with gas and electric lights and only
300 feet from car line.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
NO. 240 — $2500; 6-room cottage; modern; new;
beautiful home; 10 minutes' walk from Berke-
ley station.
No. 239— 55000; house of 9 rooms; % acre of
ground: well, mill, etc.; at foothills.
No. 132— 56200; 4-flat tenement house; Income
$720 per year; close in town.
No. 213 — $2000; business property; chance for
right man.
No. 122 — $1600; cottage, 6 rooms; attic floor;
corner lot 50x110.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opposite First National Bank,
Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
I have cozy homes, convenient to cars, sta-
tion, etc.. of 5, 6, 7. 8 and 9 rooms, varying in
price according to size, location, lot, etc., from
$1400 to $3500; also larger and more expensive
homes; some real snaps; terms arranged to
suit.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS'
Now Is the time to invest your surplus coin
in land. Sure to make money if you do. Bar-
gains to be had that may double within 2
years. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
$2000— NEW, modern cottage of six rooms and
porcelain bath; open plumbing; brick founda-
tion: high basement; lot 37:6x100 feet; one
block from electric cars: three blocks from
railroad station; terms $300 cash, balance $26
per month.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
MUST be sold— Best bargain in all Berkeley;
less than cost Improvements; 18-room house
built for boarding students; located 1918 Uni-
versity aye. ; right party can clear $100 to $200
per month. Get key JOSEPH MASON, Berke-
ley station, or address owner. 730 Pacific aye.,
Alameda; don't fail to Inspect Interior of
premises.
A GRAND opportunity to secure the very
cream of Berkeley lots, near the university,
for only $20 per foot. See J- S. JOHNSON,
630 Market St., San Francisco, opp. Palace.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRIiITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1900— A NICE large cottage of 3 rooms and
bath; high basement; large lot 100x170 feet;
must bR seen to be appreciated; terms can
be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOMES on Installment plan; payments same as
rent.
Money to loan.
The Home Building Co., south side of R. R.
track, on Frultvale aye.
W. E. RUDELL.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$800— PLAIN, but cozy cottage of 5 rooms in
good condition ; sunny side ; close to San Pablo
aye. electric cars; street work all done; insured
for $800; policy paid for three years in ad-
vance; goes with the place; title perfect; will
sell on terms of $100 cash down and $15 per
month, including interest; would rent for $8
to $10 per month; look this up; owner on
premises.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500— Fine large comfortable 8-roomed cottage,
with bath and all modern improvements and
all in good condition; select residence loca-
tion on Myrtle st 7; lot 50x125 feet; sunny front;
easy walk from local station: rents for $24 per
month; terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1006 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— ELEGANT modern Eastlake cottage of 6
Urge rooms; high basement; brick foundation;
double parlors; modern plumbing, etc., all in
fine condition; right downtown, within easy
walk of Narrow Gauge depot; $250 down, bal-
ance $25 to $30 per month; discount for spot
cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2800— BRAND-NEW colonial cottage of 5 rooms
with electric and gas lighting; modern, open
plumbing; porcelain tub and sink; lot 40-foot
front; elevated a couple of feet above the
street grade; street work all done; stone
walks In front and around the house; nice
open lawn; choicest neighborhood in Oakland;
all new surroundings; handy to schools and
churches and two electric car lines; terms of
payment. $250 down and $25 or $30 per month;
Merrimac St., between Telegraph aye. and-
Grove st.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$13,500— Beautiful Lakeside district home;
cost over $20,000; modernized and first-class |
order; 100x150; bargain.
$4500— A bargain; Myrtle»st., bet. Eighth and
Tenth; beautiful street; 2-story house of 10
rooms and bath; lot 50x125; near Market-st.
station.
$3600 — Sacrifice; a complete up-to-date
home; 9 rooms; barn; lot 50x150; choicest lo-
cation East Oakland Heights; cost of im-
provement:: exceeds price.
$2500— Mortgage $2000; owner must sell by
November 1; extra pretty Piedmont corner
home; new and complete; 2-story; 6 rooms;
65x110; offer wanted.
$1250— Mortgage $900; cost $1600; within few I
blocks of Thirteenth-aye. station; neat colo-
nial ccttage; 5 rooms and bath; must sell.
$5000— Flats; rents $50 morth; 7 and 8 rooms
each; close in; residence neighborhood.
$3000 — Clinton station; neat home, 6 room-a;
corner; 50 feet; mortgage $1800; quick offer
considered.
$650 — Neat, cozy home in West Berkeley;
folding doors; big little bargain.
$1000— Magnificent 50x150 lot; Tenth avfc.,
, East Oakland; choicest part; formerly $2500.
$1950 each — Two extra choice cottages; rents
$18 each; Center station; investment or home.
$1000— Neat 5-room home; Market station.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
» 460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$300 CASH; $40 MONTH.
Beautiful 8-room home; Telegraph aye.; '
choicest part; very latest interior finish; see
the magniflfcent dining-room; sold three this
month; only one left; see at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth et., Oakland.
$22,000— 0NE year constructed; absolutely the
handsomest home offering in Oakland; superb-
ly situated; unusual sale.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
$7250— SACRIFICE; near Senator Perkins'; ele-
gant home; 9 rooms; $800; 4 months' old car-
pets; perfect condition; stable; large double
frontage lot; cost $9000; mortgage $5000; su-
perb barga.li.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$1900^-SACRIFICE for a quick sale; comfort-
able modern Eaatlake cottage, with bath,
double bay window, hall, high basement and
brick foundation; lot 43x1C0 feet (note the
siz«); very sunny; half block from public
park; 3 minutes' walk from Clinton Station;
very select residence location: neighboorhood
ana surroundings the very best; street work
complete and stone walks laid; house alone
is Insured for $1750; rents for $15 per month;
must be seen to be appreciated; never before
offered for sale; a special bargain and will
stand a close investigation.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
GRAY'S BARGAINS—
$3500— A sacrifice; owner wants to sell Im-
mediately elegant house of 7 rooms, laundry
and bath; all modern appliances; finished
throughout in Slssons yellow pine; cement
basement; plate-glass windows; beautiful gar-
den; corner on prominent thoroughfare; a gem;
Investigate and sea for yourself.
Handsome new colonial house of 9 rooms,
laundry, bath, furnace room, etc.; beautifully
finished throughout, with beam ceiling in din-
ing-room; gas and electric lighting; situated
on Nob Hill of East Oakland, overlooking beau-
tiful grounds of F. M. Smith; one block from
car line; if preferred, terms can be made to
suit
GEORGE B. M. GRAY,
454 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$800 CASH, balance to suit buyer; model
chicken ranch; 5-room cottage; barn; aviary;
chicken house; fine broodery; water piped In
house and grounds; good windmill and tank;
1 acre fronting on two streets; plenty open
ground surrounding; soil "Al" ; no fogs; no
raw winds; near electric cars; adjoining East
Oakland; price in all $2200; fine stock of
chickens and "Al" cow at a bargain; come
and see it; call or send for circular. 445
Seventh St., opposite Broadway Station, Oak-
land ; carriage free.
$300 CASH, $20 monthly— A rare buy for a phy-
sician; prominent location; up-to-date modern
2-story house of 0 rooms; all conveniences;
lot 40x150, on Frultvale aye. ; no fogs nor raw
winds; a lovely home at a great bargain;
price, all told, $2600; will make terms to
suit, or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment.
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list; may exchange.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
GRAND bargain — Cottage, home of 6 rooms,
completely furnished, ready for housekeeping; ,
only $2500ur easy terms; see it; it is near the
local train. J. S. JOHNSON, 630 Market St.,
San Francisco., opposite Palace Hotel.
BANK Foreclosure Sale— Large corner lot; con-
venient to Broadway; large house of eight
rooms; only $3500; see It. J. S. JOHNSON,
630 Market st., San Francisco; opp. Palace.
NEW cottages, up-to-date location, choice, 6 |
rooms. $2400; 7 rooms, $2500; 7 rooms, $2300; 6 ]
rooms $1800; terms If desired. SALSBURY, i
459 Ninth st., Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, 672— Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home table; terms moderate; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 803, corner Jones— 2 connecting rooms;
clean, bright, sunny; $13 mo.; lower floor.
EDDY, 743 — 2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
private ; phone.
ELLIS, 412—2 sunny newly furnished rooms
complete for housekeeDingr, with gas range
and running water, $20.
FELL, 253—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also f lngle room; $1 50 per week. In-
cluding washing, gas and bath.
FIRST. 230. and 3 Tehama — I rooms, each suit-
able for housekeeping; lately renovated.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished rooms on first
floor for families with children; grounds.
FRANKLIN,. 203 — Two furnished rooms, sunny
corner.
FULTON, 671 — Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; separate entrance.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 641— Two bright sunny
rooms for housekeeping; basement. Call
from 9 till 1U:3O a. m.
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms, running water; range; $10.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Large furnished
room; grate; or housekeeping; $7. $8.
LILY AYE., 108— Unfurnished or furnished
rooms; cheap.
LINDEN AYE, 316, near Gough st.— Large
sunny front room; light housekeeping; also
single; reasonable.
McALLISTER, 420— Nicely furnished sunny
front suite for housekeeping or will let sepa-
rate.
McALLISTER, 536 — Sunny furnished suite,
sink, gas range bat;h; $16; large single house-
keeping room, $10.
McALLISTER, 2000, corner Central aye.— Two
sunny rooms, furnished for housekeeping; $10.
MINNA, 28— Sunny front housekeeping rooms,
$1 and $1 50 per week.
NOE. 153— Two completely furnished ' bay-win-
dow rooms, upper flat; gas stove, grate; $14.
OAK, 119— Large front room furnished for
housekeeping, $10; single room, $7; sunny.
O'FARRELL, 917—3 unfurnished rooms; gas;
bath; yard; laundry: runing water.
PACIFIC, 927, near Mason— 3 large rooms and
bath for housekeeping; fourth floor; $6.
PAGE. 1138—2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath, closets, pantry, yard, etc.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
THE Van Nuys Apartments, corner Bush and
Jones— Suites of 3, 4 and 5 rooms for house-
keeping; modern; choice location; sunny cor.:
fur, or unfur.; suites $20-$75; tel. East 601.
UPPER sunny floor of 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms in Western Addition; closets,
grate, bath, phone. Box 1565, Call.
WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory, hot
and cold water, bath, gas, grate; marine
view; private; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 C
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for majiing-. $1 i>er year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED— Country
LADY having furniture wants two rooms with
board in private family; suburban or rural;
heat and running water: state terms. Address
Quiet, box 1711, Call office.
ROOMS TO \ LET— Fin. and TTnfrarM..
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
' 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle: take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week. (
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BIRCH aye., 27, off Larkln. bet. Grove and Ful-
" Bay-window parlor, • suitable for 2; gas.
bath, phone: $10; also single room. .
BRADY. 89. off Market— sunny room,
double bed. $8. and one small room, $5,
BUSH, 788— Furnished rooms for gentlemen at
. $7 and $8 per month: private; references.
BUSH, 727— Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man; gas, bath; reasonable. ______
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, corner Elegantly
furnished 'sunny rooms ; prices reasonable.
COUPLE will rent unfurnished sunny front suit
in new flat: also other room, with use of
laundry; reasonable. 2945 Fillmore st
CRAWFORD, 102 Ellis— Sunny rooms; single,
$2; suites, $3 per week; thoroughly reno-
vated ; elevator. '
EDDY, 303, corner Jones— Two sunny bay-win-
dow front rooms; nicely furnished.
EDDY, — Suite of sunny furnished rooms.
EDDY. Sunny front room In private fam-
ily for one or two gentlemen, with breakfast.
home privileges.
EIGHTEENTH. 4585— Nicely furnished room
for one or two; sunny; private family. .
ELEVENTH. Sunny bay-window . front
room; gas; running water and bath.
FILLMORE, 1316— furnished rooms 1% , for
housekeeping; sunny; gas stove; bath; use
of laundry; $20; also 2 small rooms for gen-
tlemen; reasonable.
FOURTH. 225— Nice front room; also single.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FRONT room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen,
with private family. 537 O'Farrell st
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 641— Bright sunny and
nicely furnished room for gentleman; bath.
Call from 9 till 10:30 a. m. , • '
GOUGH. 1613— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
with hot and cold water; gas; bath.
HARRISON, 784 H. near Fourth— fur-
nished rooms: bath; all latest conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HAVES, IS6, cor. Van Ness aye.— Single sunny
room suitable for a gentleman; rent $6.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st., near Market— Central location: new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, 761*4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
JONES, 515B— Elegant suite; piano, gas grate,
bath, phone; also alcove and single rooms;
reasonable; all newly furnished.
LADY taking newly renovated house on Hayes
st. will have suite of parlors, new. to let;
also 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping; private;
board of desired. Box 1576. Call office.
LEAVENWORTH. 401. cor. Ellis— l furnished.
1 unfurnished adjoining room; running water;
gas; sunny: bath; $7 and $4.
MARKET. 1140— Rooms for a flnt-clas* derma-
tologlst at La Verlta Partors.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. !
MINNA. 731— A nice room, suitable for two;
rent reasonable. ;
NATOMA. Furnished rooms to let suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen^
NATOMA. 623— Two furnished rooms in pri-
vate family.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant and sunny rooms;
private family. - ¦ ¦
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth it.
near Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 1278— A fine room for lor 2; use of
bath; $10.
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished rooms. Ap-
ply 123 Mason st.
SUTTER. 320%. (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR. 518— Large sunny back parlor; light
' housekeeping If desired; gas stove.
TURK. 543— Large sunny room, $9; single room,
$5; grate, gas and bath; private.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3161. near Shotwell— 2 un-
' furnished rooms and bath, connected; sta-
: tionary washtubs.
VALENCIA, — A large sunny room, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
VALENCIA. 1208%— front room for gent;
$4 50. . - ¦
VAN NESS aye.. 318— beautifully furnished
rooms for gentlemen; private family.
VAN NESS. 850— Nicely furnished front rooms,
with board.
2 SUNNY rooms; unfurnished; centrally lo-
cated: $7. Address box 1544. Call office.
4 SUNNY unfurnished rooms; gas; bath: sta-
1 tionary tuba; newly renovated; $22 50; ready
In week-^ furnished If desired. Box 1428. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions , has been established at 1098
Valencia st. '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA. 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
cial rates; first-class board if desired.
¦ 1 — i
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
GOOD home.- with best of care, for a feeble-
minded girl or invalid. Address Nurse, box
1674, Call office.
THE CORBIN. 838 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite: private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. •
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 318— Sunny front room;
first-class board; references.
CALIFORNIA. SO7 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel : exceptional table; attractive rms.
O'FARRELL. 621— Elegantly furnished rooms
with board; references.
VAN NESS aye.. 850— Handsomely furnished
rooms, with board; use parlor, piano, phone.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Retailer, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
private family. $18. 518 Jones st; telephone.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Exception.
ally fur, suites: beautiful grnds; table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BY young lady and daughter, 2% years age in
good family; east of Gouga st. Box 1583. Call.
GENTLEMAN desires room and 8 o'clock din^
ncr; private family; American. Box 1678. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— By an instructor in the medical de-
partment of the University of California, a
nunny room heated by grate or coal or wood
stove, within 20 minutes' walk of the Affiliat-
ed Colleges buildings; private family pre-
ferred. Address R. O. MOODY, 1907 Oak st.
WANTED— Two or three rooms, with private
bath, unfurnished; north Market st., within
10 minutes of Call bldg. Address box 1692, Call
LADY with piano desires large sunny unfur-
nished room; willing to teach in exchange as
part payment: neighborhood I. O. O. F build-
Ing. Box 1561, Call office. " °
WANTED— 3 unfurnished modern housekeeping
rooms by family of 3 adults; references riven
Address box 1546. Call of flee. ces given.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S
. RIUM. 1206 Market st; treatment free -only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received in
¦ the S. F. Nursery. for Homeless Children ISM
Mission St.. since July 1. 1901: Albert Haighf
.half-orphan, age 5 years 2 months; John ißl
Conway. half-orphan age 3 years 1 month-
Edwin Duggan, half -orphan, age s'yea5 'yean 1 7
months: George # Kelly, half -orphan ££ I
year 1 month; Infant girl 1 day old. ' as ? /
BAD tenants ejected for $*: collections made"
% l k £ ,5 0U ? trT - * PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-lO ; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated- con"
, sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Fine."
SEWING MACHINES AND SPPP-lE3. -
T. kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
l^ d Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bought sold rented, "changed ; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel, Black 1124. 20* 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 40. Ua 6th.
TYPEWRITERS A.\l> SUPPLIES.
GRE^t"bAßGa7nsTn" TYPEWRITERS-W 9
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 33. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 485 Califor-
nia st., San Francisco, on November 11, 1901.
Transfer books close November 4, 1001, at
coon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were issued
yesterday : M&iC
Martin Rlnset. 25, Point Arena, and Sofle
Gundersen. .25. Point Arena.
B. F. Crouch, 52. city, and Doraetta L.
Stone, 45. Oakland.
Lewis A. Wetzel, 21, Mercantile Library
building, and Azalia Anslem. 18, 309 Jones st.
Leo J. Saxton. 25. Oakland, and Kathryn L.
Smith. 25, Long Beach, Wash.
Silvio Dotti. 23. 1419^4 Mason street and Ger-
trude Arenales. 17, 834 O'Farrell street.
Michael J. O'Connell, 25. Stockton, and Ber-
tha Meyers. 21. Stockton-
Thomas C. Graham, 41, 713 O'Farrell street
and Pauline F. Jaeckel. 33. 315 Golden Gate
avenue.
Francisco Pumilia. 23. 1001 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Gluseppa Fantera, 13. 1001 Montgom-
ery avenue.
Harry B. McClure. 28. Vlsalla. and Virginia
D. Fowler, 24, city.
Eli W. Manuel, 28. Vacaville. and Lulu B.
Fowler, 23, city.
Rudolph R. Gollnik. 33. South San Fran-
cisco, and Elizabeth T. Maddalena, 24. city.
James A. McManus. 32. 831 Pacific street,
and Ramona Lopez. 23. 813 Filbert street
Johanes E. Janssen. 26. 4 Clyde street, and
Julia E. Wester. 31. 4 Clyde street.
Peter D. Sonognlnl, 29, Santa Cms, and
Margaret Campbell. 33. Santa Cruz.
Wylie P. Ross. 23. Sacramento, and Winnie
M. keegan. 21. Sacramento.
Charles A. Burtnett, 24. 744 Post street, and
Pearl V. Taylor. 18. Vallejo.
David M. Murshy Jr.. 23, 8% Golden Gate
avenue. ¦ and Josephine F. Mathews, 2«, S'-j
Golden Gate avenue.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaz* and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BOBJST.
ANDERSEN— In South San Francisco. October
27. 1901, to the wife of Peter Andersen, a son.
CONLAN— In this city. October 20. 1301, to th»
wife of Samuel L. Conlan, a son.
FLYNN— In Oakland. October 31. 1301. to th«
wife of E. J. Flynn. a son.
GABRIEL— In this city, October 7, 1901, to th«
wife of A. Gabriel, a son.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 25, 1901, to
the wife of Charles Johnson, twin sons.
LEZINSKY— this city. October 30. 1901. to
the wife of Fred L. Lezlnsky. a son.
NYE— September 29. 180 L to the wife of L. C.
Nye. a son. » >
PAULSON— In this city. October 25. 1901. to
the wife of Arfst Paulson, a son.
SCHUMACHER— In this city. October 20. 1901,
to the wife of William Schumacher, a sop.
TRABBOLD— In this city, October 24. 1901. to
the\wife of Walter Trabbold. a son.
WEIGELE— In this city. October 28, 1901. to
the wife of C. W. Weigele, a son.
WILDENRADT— In this city, October 27. 1901.
to the wife of H. Wildenradt. a daughter.
MABRIED.
MOORE— FARRELL— In this city, October 30.
1901, at Mission Dolores Church, by the Rev.
Father Stokes. James A. Moore and Margaret
E. Farrell.
PFEIFER— EGGERS— In San Rafael. August
1, 1901. by the Rev. William Marshal!, Henry
E. Pfeifer and Emma G. Egzers. both of
San Francisco. '
RIEDL— TURNER— October 18, 1901, by th«
Rev. Father Jones. Wenzl Riedl and Julia
E. Turner, both of San Francisco.
DIET*.
Asher, Alexander B. Hay*. Frederick
- Beamish. John Kerrigan, Thomas J.
Berteling. George F. Levy. Henry
Brueggemann. Anna McKlnstry. Elisha W.
Butler. Bridget B. Marks, Thomas J.
Christen. Jacob Monaghan, Michael
Corlnson. Morris and Murphy, Gen. P. W.
Leah / O'Doul, Catharine
Flanagan, Patrick Roblnet Eugene
Foge. Cord. A. C. Roaenblum, Harry
Gergue, August Sawyer. Mabel P.
Gibson. W. H. Smith. Orvilla T.
Gordon, Cuthbert P. Thomas. Mra. Nellie
Hart John » ;
ASHER— In this city. November 2. 1901, Alex-
ander 8., beloved husband of Sarah E. Asher.
and father of Mac E. Asher. a native of
Lynchburg, Va., aged SO years 9 months and
26 days. •
lE7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BEAMISH— In this city. October 31. 1901. John,
beloved husband of the late Mary Beamish,
and father of Robert and Samuel Beamish
and Mrs. J. Kelly, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 58 years.
[C"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BERTELING— In this city, November 2, 1901
George F., youngest son of Emma L. and
Louis A. Berteling, and brother of Louis A.
Berteliag Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 8 months and 12 days.
BRUEGGEMANN— In this city, November 2.
1901. Anna Elizabeth, beloved wife of C. D.
Brueggemann. mother of Alice Bruegge-
' mann. daughter of Mrs. Anna E. Reuter.
and sister of Mrs. Kate Wilhelm and Conrad.
Henry and Charley Reuter, a native of
Needer Weisel, Darmstadt, Germany,
aged 41 years and 2 months.
fC^Remaina at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
A Co.. 1137 Mission street between vents
and Eighth. ,
BUTLER— In this city. October 31, 1901, at th«
residence of her daughter. Mrs. Adolph Berg-
man, 1224 Broadway, Bridget Brandella But-
ler, beloved mother of Mrs. Adolph Bergman,
Amelia A. Butler and George Butler of Daw-
son City, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to St Brigld's Church. Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CHRISTEN— this city. November 2. 1901.
Jacob, beloved husband of Mancarethe Chris-
ten, and brother of Matthias and William
Christen, a native of Basel, Schweit*. aged
4 years 4 months and 8 days.
CORINSON-Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend ceremonies connected with
the setting of the memorial stone for Morris
and Leah Corinson at the Hills of Eternity
Cemetery to-day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
FLANAGAN-In this city, November 2. 1901.
Patrick Flanagan, late of Oregon, uncle of
P. Flanagan, a native of Ireland, aged 6*
years. . *
ITJT Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
FOGE— In this city. October 31, 1901. Cord A.
C. Fop. beloved husband of Mrs. Isabel
Foge, father of Harriet, Janette and Carston
Foge. and brother of Mrs. G. Manuel, a na-
" v Germany, aged 33 years 9 months and
tCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4305 Twenty-fourth street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GERGUS— In this city, October 31, 1901. Au-
gust, dearly beloved husband of Beta Gergu<«.
and father of Alfred and Willie Gencus. a
na l iv £, of Germany, aged 43 years 5 months
and 22 days. a member of Norddeutscher
Verein.
l"7r'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Darlors or
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eishth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GIBSON— In Seattle. Wash.. October 20. 1901,
W. »., beloved husband of Mrs. Mary Gib-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannacan A Gallagher.)
.DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mjtr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. • McGIW •RTtn<i_
Funeral Directors and Embalmerl
31 EDDY STREET
Telephone South M. San FYanH.ro
No Connection With Xny Q? hw H^lf '
• NEW FIRM OF UNDBRTIKRoc
sH_i____lfS_. »-in. a native or California, aeed 26 yean 6
/'¦ California, aeed 26 years 5
.ayb.
T cniernains at the mortuary chapel of the
1 Gotten Gate Undertaking Company, HIS Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
COKDOX- In this city, ember 1. 1901,
Cuttbeit Powell, beloved son of Frances P.
and the late Wellington Gordon, a native of :
Xiieuiia.. a;;ed jQ years 11 months and 10 ''
da>B. ¦ .*y
C?' Funeral vices wjll be held to-day <
<fcunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, leci Octavia street, corner of Bush.
1 nterment private.
HART— In this city. November 2. 1901. John
Hart, a nat.ve of Ireland, aged 75 years.
CpTrlendt; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.Mor.eay). at 9:30 o'clock, from the Chapel
pi Hie J'assion. attached to St. Mary's Hos,-
pltal. where a solemn requiem mass will be
et-l-brateii icr the repose of hi« soul, com-
reiming at . o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
ctnuury. Ly 10:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townstnd streets.
HAYS-ln this city, October SI, 1901, Fred-
ertck Hays, a native of England, ajfed 70
jp-Frlends and acquaintances and com-
reacs cf the G. A. R. are Invited to attend
the funeral, which will be held under the
ausiuces of George H. Thomas Post No. 2
o. A. R. at their hall, 320 Post street, to-
f^'^l ii n j iy n-l at 1 o'clock. Interment
<.eorre H. Thomas Post Plat. .National
emetery. Remains at the parlors At A. W.
Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell streefe
KKKIGAN— In this city, November 2, 1901.
Thomas Joseah, beloved ion or Thomas and
i 1i 1 » Kerr *Kaa. a native of San Francisco,
aged ;,> years.
H : \\-iV h ! s c i ty> November 1. 1901, Henry.
beloved busbwd or Pauline Levy, and father
L , • r lefser - Mrs. Georce Skaller and
Charles Lei-y of New York, Mrs. S. Cole
m S-'4 M tv* H - #° rr 'S Mrs D. liosenblSm.
2^?' ?i> ; Mrs - Harry Bloom and Louts
S?.. A1 l b S t o»^lnS f >;, n Francisco, — »
ia>-5.
r£JZw2S2S, and acquaintances are respect-
fb?:-, n ««^ to attend the funeral to-day
2? !^ II L, °' clock - from his late resl-
rK,Z\ X LUls street - Interment Hills of
™r , ™f L met( L ry ' by 11:15 o'clock special
cr at Third end Townsend streets.
,-v •fc x?l'i7 ln £an Jose « November 1, 19CL i
n,^ ffv " iaißS McKinstrj-, husband of An-
?> ,, . , '," S£ i? n . McKinstrj-. and father of
tjj«tain c. H. McKinstry, C. E.. U. S. A., i
L -,, Mc ,£instry. J. C. McKinstry and
J- ranees llcKinstry. a native of Detroit,
iluli., asei 76 years 6 months and 21 days.
"iSSHI? tt a «-i-N*ew York papers please copy.) I
«^- Owinj to critical illness in the fan«ly
xr interment will be private from San Jose. ,
1 " . Ikis city. November 1. 1901. I
Tmam*f J. Marks, beloved son of Edmund |
and Itebecca E. Marks, a native of San I
CT Funeral from the residence of his i
parmtF, t':c Devisadero street, to-morrow
• Monday), at S:3O o'clock, thence to St. Igna- |
tius church, where a requiem mass will be
offered at 10 o'clock. Friends are respect- j
fully invited to attend.
UOXAGHAX-la this city, November 2, 1901. |
Michael, beftved husband of Maiiraret Mon- '
athan, brother of Patrick Monashan, and
vncle cf ilinnle. John. Henry and Joseph
Mor.aKhan. a native cf County Sligo, Ireland, !
aged bC years.
t-J' Frien 2s and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday, j
at 10 o'ciaick, from his late residence, SS^i
Zoe street, betwefn Third and Fourth, thence
to St. Miry"s Cemetery, Oakland, via 11
o'clock cn-ck boat-
ilUltrHY— :.n this city. November 1. 1901, Gen- i
eral P. W. Murphy, a native of Canada, aged
f63 years 1 month and 21 da\s.
¦f C^TFunera! ser\-;ces will be held to-day i
• • Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Taasse resi- I
dence. Sar Jose, Cal.
C'tKJLI- — xn toutn San Francisco, November 1,
151,1. Catherine ODouL dearly beloved wire j
of Aucust G. O'Doul. beloved mother of Ed- '¦
ward, Eiurene, August Jr. and Theodore j
ODoul and Mrs. Georße Richards, and sis- '
ter of Edward Fitzeerald of New YorK City, i
a. native cf Gilfinnin, County-- Limerick. Ire-
land, agetl It years. (New York City papers
please cot y.) <
¦ Carrier'!* and acquaintances are respect- j
folly invited to attend the funeral to-day i
«bur.day), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 13C3 Filth avenue south. South San 1
Francisco, thence to All Hallows' Church for j
cervices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
BOKIXET— In this city. October 29, ls>ol, Ku- I
gene liobinet. beloved uncle of Mrs. Julie
Dimmer, Jules and Eugene Dimmer and Mrs. !
EL Kalmforth, a native of France. a*ed 71
years S rionths and I days.
CTFriends and acquainta'neos are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
it'unday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
cence, 7k£ Folsom street, thence to Masoni-j
Temple, corner Montgomery and Post streets.
V.here sei-vices will be held under the aus- !
Vices of La Parfaite Union No. 17. Also a mem-
ber of Franco- American Lodre No. 207, I. •O. j
O. F.; La Gauloise. r. \yc'. the Veteran Fire-
men. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EOSEXBLTM- In this city. November 2, 1901,
Harry, beloved husband of Rebecca Rosen-
blum. father of Essie Rosenblum. son of
Joseph and liena Rosenblum, and brother of
Mrr S. Shipper and Daniel Rosenblum, a ,
native of San Francisco, axed 42 years ana
7 mortis. . . «
C^Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, £110 -Devisa/iero Ftreet. - Interment j
Kills of Eternity Cemetery, by EDecial car !
via the :u:3O o'clock train from Third and I
Towasenc. street* depot. j
EAWYFJI— In this city, October 31, 1&01, Mabel <
Doris Sawyer, beloved wife of J. F. Sawyer. ;
end sister of Mrs. Jennie Moore, a native of i
Minnesota, aged SS years. (Chicago, 111.,
papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day'
<Lsun<!ay) at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. *21' i Geary .street. Interment Laurel i
Bga Cemetery.
EJ'ITH— Ir. Oakland, at 3349 Telegraph avenue.
November 2. ISCL Orvilla T., infant daughter ;
of Orvill? and Ella Smith, a native of Oak- j
land. Cal., aged 15 days.
•THOMAS— In this city, November 1, 1901. Mrs. |
Nellie Thomas, dearly beloved wife of j
fterfcen Thomas, and dearly beloved mother I
of Mutt J., George W., Harold J.. Ilene, ,
Lillian. James and Vincent Thomas, a na- ;
tive of Ireland.
CTTritrnds and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Monday', at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
d'-noe, 101 Devisadero street, thence to Sacred |
Heart Church, where a solemn high mas? .
will be <«lebrated for the repose of her soul, i
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery.
<Nhanahan Florist Co.
*-' ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS -
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.k» c EU.[S 55? 5056
STEAMSHIP COMPANYX
MUST FURNISH BONDS
Collector Stratton Attempts to Put
Step to Chinese Escaping From
Detention Shed.
BCfeM Stratton is in cor
e with the Treasury Depart
? the escape of Chinese
lmn. - m the Pacific Mail Steam
;<any's detention shed at the
ral months ago thirteen
¦<-'d, and a few days ago six got away,
one being recaptured. The Collector
a strange circumstance that the
six who recently got away were in transit
to Mexico.
Contrary to the general opinion, the
steamship company has not given any
bonds at all for the safe keeping of Chl
tbe detention shed, which is al
lowed by the Treasury Department to b#
used - a matter of courtesy, the
law requiring that all Chinese immigrants
f-hould be kept on board the ship until
hi ye been allowed to land by the
¦ ct< r.
Mr. Stratton will recommend that the
steamship company be obliged to give
bonds Jlor the safe keeping of the Chi
in the shed, it being impracticable to
keep Them on board the ships.
FORMES PAYMASTER, DIES
FROM HEART FAILURE
Hajor Sharpe, Retired, Who Was
Well Known in California,
\ Passes Away.
-..< xander Sharpe. U. S. A., re
f,e Presidio general hospital
morning. The immediate cause
• art failure, resulting from
:¦:: ¦ : or Sharpe is well known in
¦ ¦ in this city
since his retirement. He
i, the Civil War and on
¦ opacity of paymaster.
I a large family, many
• 'ted with the army.
Mann, Troop H, Fifteenth Cav
yesterday as the result of
wound in the head, received ac
na some time ago.
<-t bf>en let for sup
•dio troops with fresh beef,
r Baldwin hap rejected all bids
L It Is said that
dj \* •re regarded unfavor
iccount of the exorbitant prices
Struck With a Hatchet.
Charles Lee of 3 Enterprise street, night
mar. for an electric light company,
I cabin near Fifteenth avenue
k Friday night and heard a
itside. He went out and saw a
x He made for him
k with a hatchet on the
. I y another man, suf-
p wound. Both men
¦.. y. Ivee, after having his
. and dressed, reported the
he police, but said that owing
-kness he could not give a de
i on of the men.
SELECTS GROUP
PLAN FOR ORES
Mineralogist Arranging
for Educational Ex
hibition. *
Another Dredger Is About
to Search for Long-
Hidden Gold.
State Mineralogist Aubury has a plan
for the improvement of the State Mining
Museum, in the ferry building in this city.
His general theory is that the inquirer
for any metal does not get much of an
idea of its wide distribution in the State
by being compelled to hunt through all
the county exhibits for it. The county
collections he proposes to rearrange so
that there shall be collective exhibits of
various metals, copper, gold, silver, etc.,
respectively. The specimens will still be
credited to the localities that produce
them. Ordinarily speaking the inquirer
for information about any particular
proposition "Will not go searching through
ail the cases in tne museum, one after an
other, but he would look at an the sam
ples if there were only the copper speci
tueaa m one pia.ce, gold |in auutner and
so on.
This is in accordance with the plan of
segregation adopted in the mining bul
letins that the present mineralogist is
Issuing or about to issue. Instead of hay-
Ing a large number of metals and mis
cellaneous information treated in one
large pamphlet, where one must search
ror what He wishes to know about, there
are special bulletins to treat the leading
metais separately, copper and quicksilver
leading the way in the list.
The .Redding Free Press reports that the
dredger that Michigan parties have nearly
completed for operating on the river at
Midaie Creek will be a novelty in several
respects. The machine is to be used to
seeK for the gold that has swept down the
creek for many years of mining and has
lodged in the sand at the bottom of eddies
ana nooks where the creek debouches into
the river. In the dredger there is no
dipper or scoop attached to a swinging
arm. A diver goes down in his diving suit
and" finds the spot to be worked. The
barge is moved over the site and Is fas
tened. In the center of the barge is an
iron cylinder thirty inches in diameter and
twenty feet long. This is sunk through
the barge until the end rests on the bot
tom of the river. A man climbs inside,
a rubber cap is fitted over the top and
the engine forces in air. The air in turn
forces all the water out of the cylinder
and the man descends to the bottom with
his small shovel and deep bucket. When
the bucket is filled with the sediment it
is sent up. ' Thus the miner works freely
in the bottom sands without the water
disturbing him in the least.
A Find of Feldspar.
W. T. Brooks sends to the Los Angeles
Mining Review a report of the existence
of large bodies of feldspar, a potassium
ore, in Southern California, which con
tains a large percentage of potash. This
character of ore has hitherto been found
chiefly in Norway and Sweden, but it is
supposed that there is a chance for this
country now to compete In supplying the
markets of the world. Well denned fis
sure veins, free from foreign matter and
In bodies varying from three to forty-two
feet, so Brooks says, have been discov
ered and they contain 14 per cent of pot
ash. 16 per cent of aluminum and 70 per
cent of silicon. A part of Brooks' com
munication follows:
We have made a most thorough Investiga
tion of the quantity and quality of ore, . and
the expense of extracting the valuable chemi
cal potassium, used in the manufacturing of
such everyday, and universally used articles of
commerce as cyanide of potassium, the fer
tilizers, glass, gunpowder and the phosphates,
chlorates and so forth, of potash. The salts
of potassium for medical purposes may be
stated to be simply innumerable, and I feel
that I am fully warranted In making the above
statement as being absolutely correct, fearless
of successful contradiction, though it may in
part be reluctantly accepted for reason that
potassium ores in solid bodies have not been i
heretofore found in profitable quantities and
qualities in the United States.
The Calaveras Prospect says that the
old Calaveras group of mines on Indian
Creek promise to again become bullion
producers on a large scale. For many
years the mines . were worked as
a free „ gold proposition, no at
tempts being made to save the
s>ulpburets. Despite that the showing
made was good, there was some bad
management and finally the old mill burn
ed down and work in the mines was aban
doned. The upper levels had been pretty
well worked out and the Calaveras group
presented a bad appearance. Recently a
new company has taken hold of the prop
erty and a cyanide plant has been erected
to work over the old tailings that remain
on the ground. This work is well ad
vanced. While this has been going on
the property has been unwatered and
prospecting has been resumed.
The cyanide tanks at the Oro Minlo
art) in operation on the old tailings, ac
cumulations of the several mine workings
of the old Calaveras group. The Beat
rice-RobJes Tunnel Company Is progress
ing. The force at the mine has recently
been augmented.
Mines Change Owners.
The Redding Searchlight reports that
the Three Sisters mine on ¦ Dutch Gulch,
one and a half miles from the town of
French Gulch, has been bonded by Ellery
Bros, to Volney Fox and others for $10,
00, the option running eighteen months.
This is a gold quartz property that was
formerly worked quite extensively. ¦'..'-
The Lappin mine in Trinity County,
near Deadwood, has been sold. The first
payment has been made. The former
owners were J. F. Tourtellotte, R. F.
Cochran and M. A. Brady. The purchas
ers are Eastern people, who were repre
sented by J. K. Fleming. The report is
driven out that the price was more than
$100,000.
The Calaveras Chronicle reports that
twenty-eight men are working at the
Jones mine. Three shifts are sinking the
shaft. The property was operated under
bond by a Boston company for a while,
but has since been purchased in view of
developments. The owners of the After
thought mine are making good progress
in the development of that property.
Sinking and drifting are about to be vig
orously pushed at the Poorman mine.
The Conradi mine is being opened up by
a San Jose company. , . ,
There is considerable interest in nickel
mining in Oregon. Nickel ledges have
been reopened in the Cow Creek district.
Several large nuggets of the free metal,
according to the Oregonian, have also
been picked up in the Canyon Creek coun
try in the southern part of Josephine
County. The deposits were discovered
several years ago upon a steep hillside.
Nothing was done then except to ?sink
shafts and to run short drifts. Arrange
ments that were made at one time to work
the deposits on a large scale were never
carried through, but the Eastern people
who use nickel largely have recently be
come interested, among the number being
Thomas A. Edison. Prospecting will be
pursued, says the Oregonian, in the hope
of locating the original veins. Oregon
nickel was exhibited at Buffalo.
Thomas Ewing tells the Los Angeles
Herald that good times are in store for
Needle*, owing to the busy work of
the miners in Southern Nevada and Ari
zona. In Mohave County, Ariz., the in
terest seems to center in the Gold Roads
and Boundary Cone districts. People are
at work In all sections . developing their
properties. There is a proposition under
consideration, bo Ewing says, to build a
railroad from Needles in a northerly di
rection into the Gold Roads district. The
population of Needles will be .largely in
creased by the many camps that are now
working. . ¦¦ - -¦-:.':, •
New Copper District.
The new Blackfoot district, near Helena,
Mont., is about to be developed for -cop
per by Senator W. A. Clark. He has
taken a bond for $100,000 on the Ophir
group at old Blackfoot City from Mitchell
& Hird of Spokane and also has an op
tion on the Carey group in the same vicin
ity, the latter bond being for $50,000. The
Ophlr property is developed by a shaft to
the depth of 110 feet and several cross
cuts have been made which show, accord
ing to v the reports received, • that it car
ries coper*ln an ore similar to that found
at Butte. The. great : copper operators of
the Butte districts are reported to be look
ing for copper ¦ all over Montana. Until
recently little attention had been paid to
the indications near Helena. Shafts are
now going deep in a dozen places, so says
JHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
TO-DAY'S THEMES
OF THE PASTORS
Subjects of Discourse in
the City's Various
Pulpits.
Special Topics Will Form
the Basis of Several
Sermons.
Many interesting sermons ¦will be
preached at the different churches to-day.
In the morning the Rev. P. J. Moran, C.
S. P., will . deliver the discourse at the 11
o'clock mass at St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church. Rev. H. H. Wyman will preach
in the evening. '.
Rev. Joseph Mulligan will preach at tho
10:30 mass at St. . Ignatius Church this
morning. In the evening after vespers
Rev. Father Allen will preach. . '
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach on the topic "God
brings Good Out of Evil" in the morn
ing. The evening subject is "Religious
Doubt." •
"Adam and Fallen Man" is the subject
of discussion at the First Church of Chriat
this morning-. •
"Grow in Grace" is the :'. topic Rev.
George C. Adams of the First Congrega
tional Church will preach on this morn
ing. "Development in Service" is the
subject in the evening.
"The Bible Sheep" and "Where to Find
Diamonds" are the morning and evening
subjects to be preached by Rev. William
Rader of the Third Congregational Church
to-day..
"Demand for Exceptional Men."
At the Richmond Congregational Church
Rev. Philip Coombe will speak on "The
Demand for Exceptional Men" and "Buy
ing 'Up the Opportunity." ; *'' " . . -
Key. H. H. .Bell will preach this morn
ing on "The Mansion Promises" and in
the evening on "Co-operation."
Rev. E. ti. Avery will preach on "What
is Christianity?" at the Westminster Pres
byterian Church this morning. ¦ ¦•:-•: \
Lying Prophets" is the topic to be re
viewed by Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the
First Unitarian Church. " ¦
Rev. J. H. Kelly of the Third Baptist
Church (colored), on Powell street, will
deliver a special lecture on current topics
this evening. '.
"The Suffering of Christ" will be the
topic of the sermon to be preached this
morning by Rev. T. Brown of the African
Methodist Episcopal Zion Church. Even
ing topic, "Christian Citizenship a Divine
Right." . •
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach on "A
Welcome for Jesus." The evening subject
will be "The Value of a Godly Decision."
"The Price of Righteousness in an Un
righteous World" . and "Instruction that
Causeth to Err" are the subjects of the
morning and the evening sermons of Rev.
Frank K. Baker at the First Methodist
Episcopal Church to-day. V '' . ¦ '
Milton D. Buck will preach this morning
at the Trinity Methodist Episcopal Churcn
on "Sunday School Instruction." In tho
evening Miss F. J. A. Murcutt, a national
lecturer of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, will preach on "Observa
tions in Other Lands."
"Modern Pilates in San Francisco."
Rev. A. C! Bane, pastor of the Califor
nia-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach both sermons. "The Deity of
Christ" and "Modern Pilates in San Fran
cisco" will be his subjects. . . ¦
Rev. John A. is. Wilson of the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "Relationship to
Christ" and in the evening on "Eudure
ment With Power."
"The Revival Prayer" will be reviewed
this morning by Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the
Richmond Methodist Episcopal Church.
The evening subject is "God Reasoning
With Man." ™
The morning subject at the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church is "Luther and th?
Reformation." The pastor will preach in
the evening on "Within Thy Gates,. O,
Jerusalem." -
Rev. F. M. Larkln, the new pastor of
Grace Methodist '. Episcopal Church, will
address a mass-meeting this afternoon at
3 o'clock in the Young Men's Christian
Association hall. H. H. Barnham will
sing. ¦ ~ - - ¦¦¦ • ' ¦ ¦
A harvest festival of sacred music will
be given at Simpson Memorial Methodist
Episcopal Church this evening. Th 3
choir will be directed by I. E. Blake and
Mabel Jones, organist.
Rev. William C. Jenkins, ' having re
signed as pastor of the Hamilton Square
Baptist Church in the Western Addition,
Rev. Mr. Killen. recently from Denver,
Colo, will occupy the pulDlt at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. to-day. Mr. Killen is
deemed an eloquent divine by all who
have heard him. • - - ' v v
UKIAH BOARD BILL IS
CAUSE OF JACOBS' ARREST
H. C. J§*cobs, a solicitor for a number
of firms engaged in enlarging photo
graphs, was arrested in this city on Fri
day afternoon and taken yesterday to
Ukiah on a charge of defrauding an inn
keeper. Jacobs has been traveling through
Mendocino and Sonoma counties and made
his headquarters at the Palace Hotel,
where, it is alleged, he contracted a bill of
$175 for the board and lodging of himself
and wife.
O. E. Williams, the proprietor of the ho
tel, swore to the complaint, and the war
rant was served by Deputy Sheriffs W. F.
Ornbaun and Charles J. Ellis. Jacobs left
Ukiah three weeks ago and has been in
the southern part of the State. He re
turned on Thursday night and intended to
leave again for the south In a day or two.
It is. claimed by the arresting officers
that Jacobs left his wife penniless in
Ukiah, and that he wrote her a few weeks
ago to get her trunk out of the hotel and
meet him in San Francisco. His wife,
they Bay, refused to be a party to the
scheme, as she had heard, that he had ar
ranged to take away with him the wife
of a resident of Ukiah.
It is said also by the arresting officers
that Jacobs has been taking orders for
enlarged pictures, receiving deposits vary
ing from $5 to $25, and that the people who
paid these deposits have not received the
pictures. The amount of his receipts from
this source is said to be between $1500 and
$2000. After the Mendocino County author
ities get through with Jacobs he will be
turned over to those of Sonoma County.
. ? ¦
Obtained Candy by False Pretenses.
John Sldeman, a lad of 16 years, living
at 66 Rausch street, Is locked up In the
City Prison on the complaint of F. E.
Lake, a confectioner at 137 Powell street.
The Sideman ocy has during the past few
months depleted the candy stores about
the city by presenting bogus orders for
candy and chewing gum, which he dis
posed of at reduced prices to small stores
and street customers. Yesterday he en
tered the store of Lake and obtained a
supply on an order from some person sup
posed to have a store in the Mission.
Lake questioned the lad's honesty, as he
had heard of his methods. He followed
him to Market street, where he notified
Officer A. J. Nolting of his suspicions and
had the boy placed under arrest on the
charge of obtaining goods by false pre
tenses.
Bey. Fay Mills Will Lecture.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills opens his
series of free lectures to-night at Metro
politan Temple. The subject of his lec
ture will be "America for Americans; or
What Shall We Do With the Foreign
ers?"
the Western Mining World, within a
radius of twenty-five miles of Helena,
State Mineralogist Aubury gives notice
that a report on the Colorado Desert min
ing districts by Stephen Bowers is ready
for distribution. This Rives an account of
the section of the desert lying tributary to
Carisso Creek, where many thousands of
acres of land have been located for oil
This report can be obtained at the State
Mining Bureau for 17 cents upon applica
tion.
The Yreka Journal gays that the old
Barton claim at Buckeye Bar will be ope
rated soon. The Fernandez hydraulic
claim is being fixed up for operation when
there is sufficient water. A ledge belong
ing to Meyers will be developed in Green
horn Gulch on Yreka Flats.
•
TOLD IN ANTE=ROOMS
¦jCT^t RAND MASTER WILLIAM
/(~X~/C NICHOLS JR. on last Tues
([ W->T\ day paid a visit to the lodges
IV 1 y -of district No. 55, which met
\Jvi_-/V In the hall of Bay City Lodge.
v " w^- ' : During the evening the grand
master, after ,a . general 7 talk
relative to the order, made an appeal for
aid for the Odd Fellows' new home to be
erected on the White Tract in Santa Clara
County. Past Grand Master W. W. Wat
son gave an ' interesting account of the
work of the Sovereign Grand Lodge at its
recent session, S. O. Regensburger enter
tained with a zither ' solo and then [ ad
dresses were made by a' number present,
after which a collation was served.
The grand master also visited Excelsior
Lodge, Byron Lodge and Crockett , Lodge,
Grand Secretary Shaw will accompany
the grand master to Jackson, where a
special session of the Grand Lodge will
be held on the 15th inst., • and the follow
ing night another special session will be
held in San Andreas. .. : '
1. A new lodge will be instituted shortly in
Gazelle.
District Deputy Grand Master J. T. Gib
son has called a meeting of Western Ad
dition, Morse, Parker and Presidio lodges
in the 1 hall of Morse Lodge : for the 13th
inst. -These several lodges in district
No. 103 are all active and competing .for
a pair of handsome gavels offered by the
deputy and have thus far initiated from
eight to ' twenty-one candidates each. : ,
The meeting that was held last week in
the hall of Vacaville ¦ Lodge No. 83, on
which occasion a team from. Industrial
Lodge No. 157 conferred the first and
teams from Apollo Lodge No. 123 ; con
ferred the second and third degrees, the
last degree being In competition with the
team of Industrial Lodge, was one of the
most interesting events that , has taken
place in a lodgeroom in years. In the
first degree the delivery of the charge of
the past grand by .William Boyne was
sublime. The regalia worn ;by the team
of - Industrial was magnificent, and it is
safe to say has never been excelled In any
lodge In this State. All , the officers were
perfect in the ritualistic and floor work.
In the second degree Apollo's team was
up to its usual excellence, : but when .it
came to the conferring of the third degree
Apollo for once found a team that made
it look to its well earned laurels. The
team of Industrial was the • equal of
Apollo, and praise without stint was given
to both, each member i having done : his
level best to do the work as it should be.
At the close of the x ceremonies, at day.
break, Apollo was cheered time and again,
as it had excelled the work it had ex
emplified before the Grand Lodge. There
were present | among the visitors Grand
Master Nicholls, Grand Warden Baker
and Grand Marshal Applegate. At a ban
quet which followed, William Boyne of
Sacramento said that Industrial had left
its stars at home, while H. D. Savllle of
this city replied that Apollo had all its
stars along. — ¦-¦; ¦
The Eastern Star.
On the night of the 26th of October
the officers of Mission Chapter, in the
presence of two hundred and ten
members of the Order of the East
ern Star, conferred the initiatory de
gree upon seven strangers with a great
deal of impresslveness. The music inci
dental to the work of the evening was by
Miss Savage. There was present at the
meeting Mrs. Alice Frances Hlckle, one of
the past matrons, the first to return to
the chapter with grand honors, she hav
ing at the last held session of the Grand
Chapter been chosen associate grand ma
tron, an honor worthily bestowed upon
one who in the various positions filled by
her in the chapter proved herself a care
ful, faithful and conscientious officer.
After the work there was a banquet, at
which Worthy Patron Cox presided, and
there were short addresses by the asso
ciate grand matron, Grand Secretary Mrs.
Willats, Mrs. C. L. P. Marais, matron of
San Francisco Chapter, and several of the
initiates.
Beulah Chapter at the last held meet-
Ing in October initiated two ladies and
two gentlemen in its hall in the Masonic
building at Fifteenth and Railroad ave
nues in the presence of a very large num
ber of the members of the order. Among'
the visitors were the grand associate con
ductress, Mrs. Alice F. Hickie; Past
Grand Patrons Gray and Darling, and
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats. In the
work of initiation the officers all did their
work well, as usual, but Mrs. Ayers, the
worthy matron, surpassed all her previous
efforts. The event was followed by a ban
quet which had been specially prepared
in anticipation that the grand matron
would be present, but she was unavoid
ably detained. Beulah Chapter was insti
tuted during the term of John H. Gray aa
grand patron, and during the speeches
that were made in the evening he remind
ed thosepresent that he was the "papa"
of the 6Eapter.
At the last held session of Harmony
Chapter there was after the business of
the evening a most delightful social hour.
Musical numbers and dancing were the
features of that hour.
At a meeting of King Solomon Chapter,
during Grand Chapter week, there was the
unusual sight of twenty-two worthy ma
trons in the Bast.
San Francisco Chapter at its last held
meeting initiated fl\ - e candidates and will
have more for the next session.
Elections for officers in chapters are
now in order. The first in this city was
held lust Friday night by Golden Gate,
the mother chapter. *
At a special meeting of California Chap
ter in Golden Gate Hall on the last night
in October the following named were
initiated in the most Impressive manner
by the letter perfect officers: Mrs. Benja
min Korts. Dr. Alfred Blake, Mr. and
Mrs. R. E. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. William
G. Pennycook, Captain and Mrs. T. F.
Obermeyer, Miss Mabel Marshall, Miss
Jennie Watkins, Miss Nancy A. Place,
Joseph Watkins, Mark Lennon and
Charles J. Carlson. The work was per
formed in the presence of Grand Matron
Mrs. Clara A. Giberson, Associate Grand
Conductress Mrs. Alice F. Hickie, Grand
Secretary Mrs. K. J. Willats and many
visitors. During the evening Ratron John
Tonnlngsen welcomed the grand matron,
it being her first visit since her Induction
into office, and presented her on behalf
of the chanter with a bunch of beautiful
flowers. The other grand officers were
also -welcomed. After the work of the
evening there was a banquet in the hall
below, which was partaken of by nearly
200. Brief remarks were made by a num
ber of those present.
The Rebekahs.
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant,
Captain Kornbeck, were the guests on the
last Saturday In October of Walhalla Re
bekah Lodge. There was a cordial recep
tion, a pleasing, short programme, the
serving of refreshments and then dancing.
Among the visitors were Junior Past
Grand Master W. W. Watson and Mrs.
Elizabeth Cora Watson, junior past noble
grand of Mission Rebekah Lodge.
The indoor picnic of Amity Rebekah
Lodge in the banquet hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building was, despite tha unpleas
ant weather, a great success. The hall
had been transformed into a forest grove
within which there were carried on all the
features of an outdoor picnic. This in
cluded games, races for old and young,
grab bag, guessing contest, lunching anA
dancing. The affair was admirably con
ducted and was greatly enjoyed by all
who took part.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge on the last Tues
day in October had a soolal entertainment
after business, conducted by Mrs. G.
Gress, Mrs. Minnie F. Dobbins, Mrs. Liz
zie O'Neill and Mrs. Gunsauels. There
were music, dancing and crisps for all
On the 19th inst. there will be the last
initiatory work by the present set of of
ficers, on which occasion eight strangers
will be admitted Into the lodge. Mrs.
Dobbins, past noble grand of this lodge,
will in the near future be decorated with
the -medal of the Order of Chivalry.
On the last Monday night in October
Loyal Rebekah Lodge had a halloween
party in Prospect Hall, I. O. O. F. build
ing, that was well attended by members
of the order, and the various interesting
games of the evening were conducted un
der the direction of the committee of ar
rangements, consisting of Miss Ella R
Bourne, V. G. ; Mmes. Kola M. Cyrus'
Sophie Decker, McAllister, Emily Perry,
Waicom and Schmidt, Messrs. Block, Jen
nings and McColllster. These embraced
the several events that make halloween
a pleasant one for old and young folks.
An unusually interesting event was the
cutting of the cake, in which there was a
ring and a number of other articles of
value. After the novelty of the games
there was a programme of dancing. This
lodge will have a class to initiate at its
next meeting.
Mission Rebekah Lodge has arranged
for a grand entertainment and dance in
Mission Opera Hall on the night of the
13th inst.
Last week the lodges of Salinas. Gon
zales and Pacific Grove, comprising the
nineteenth district, met in the last named
place in special session, where Mrs.
Donoho, secretary of the California as
sembly, acting as* lecturer, opened a school
of instruction,' which was of great interest
to all present. There were also in at
tendance members from Santa Cruz, Wat
sonville and San Jose. After the instruc
tion there was a banquet at the Hotel
Carmelo.
Mrs. Donoho, secretary of the California
Assembly of Rebekahs was in Yftcaville
on the occasion of the visit of the Apollo
degree team to the lodge in that place.
The members of the degree team, by a
unanimous vote, made Mrs. Donoho an
honorary member of that body, an honor
never before conferred on a lady Rebekah
in this State.
On the last Wednesday ot October the
members of Oriental Rebekah Lodge en
joyed a pleasant candy pull and then a
dance. This after the work of the even
ing.
All the local lodge are working hard to
make a great success of district enter
tainment of the lodges of district 55, to
be given on the night of the 29th inst. In
aid of the orphans' home. The entertain
ment will be a minstrel show by the Co
lumbians and dancing.
The Druids.
On the night of the 26th of October No
ble Grand Arch Godeau in company with
a number of the grand officers and the
officers of Vasco da Gama Grove of this
city visited Oakland, where they instituted
a new Portuguese grove named Serpo
Pinto. It was organized by Past Arch W.
F. Costa of Vasco da Gama, The grand
officers instituted the grove and Past
Archea J. C. Fernandez and Costa con
ferred the degrees in a very creditable
manner. This grove promises twenty-five
candidates for the monster initiation.
During the past week Noble Grand Arch
Julius S. Goaeau paid two official visits
in this city. On Tuesday he visited Hes
perian, Templar and Norma groves in
joint session, and on Thursday ne visited
Manzanita and Laurel groves that met
jointly. On each of these visits he was
accompanied by George H. Bahrs, P. N.
G. A.; James F. Martinoni, grand secre
tary; F. J. Horn, grand treasurer; Albert
M. Armstrong, grand trustee; Ed Goetz,
supreme representative; L. A. Wolff of
the Druids' Magazine, and Joseph M.
Wolff, P. A., of Laurel Grove. On ths
latest visit Deputy Grand Arch Gugliel
moni and Past Arch Stock of McKlnley
Grove accompanied him. At each vUiit
the noble grand arch spoke of the
work of /the order and the pro
gress it is making, and urged all
to assist him to make the gain of 2000
members he expects before the close of
his term. At the last named visit he spe
cially congratulated Manzanita Grove,
which has already eighty members for the
grand Initiation. All the visitors named
who attended the tlrst meeting spoke for
the good of the order, and at the close of
the first visit there was a banquet at the
St. Germain, where George N. Brunt of
Norma was toastmaster. There were re
sponses by the visiting officers and by H.
Meneke and D. Bamman, and songs and
music. At the close of the second visit
there were addresses by all the visitors,
by Past Arches F. Marinl, L. A. Wolf,
Garcia and Dr. Otto of New Orleans.
Then followed a collation, at which Noble
Arch Hernon of Manzanita was toastmas
ter. There were short addresses by the
grand officers, J. E. Barry, J. M. Wilklna,
George Dahlbender and others.
Loleta Groove will initiate a class of ten
at its next meeting. »
The officers of Manzanita Grove will be
Installed November 7; those of Templar
and Norma on the 9th, to be followed by
a Dall. On the 10th Monteverde Grove will
give a grand ball in Mission Turn Hall;
on the 16th Golden Star will give a ball in
Washington Square Hall, and on the 17th
there will be a grand initiation in Odd
Fellows' Hall by the local groves.
An official visit was paid on Friday
night to Volta Grove by the noble grand
arch and other grand officers.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Montezuma Tribe of the Improved Or
der of Red Men on the last Tuesday in
October gave an entertainment and dance
to Ha friends in the assembly hall of the
Pioneer building. There was an overture
by an orchestra, after which W. H.
Kline, the sachem, delivered an address
of welcome. Then followed a programme
of varied musical numbers and specialties
by J. M. Ross, Dr. M. B. Ryer, Georgia
Bacon, W. C. Howe, C. W. Eccles, Pro
fessor Sawvell and L. H. Klein. T. F.
Terramose also delivered a short ad
dress. Then the members and •guests
enjoyed the hospitality of the committtee
of arrangements, composed of J. N. Ross,
W. C. Howe, W. R. Bell, W. H. Mc-
Laughlin and Dr. M. B. Ryer, after
which it was dancing till midnight.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent of the Knights of
the Maccabees on the last Tuesday In
October had an old-time smoker, at
which there were present a large number
ol the members and their friends. F. H.
Lascy, Sir Knight commander of the
tent, was the master of ceremonies and
he presented an excellent programme
that had been prepared by the committee
of arrangements, composed of Sir
Knights L. W. Coffey, Dr. Z. T. Mal
laby, J. C. Freeman and George L.
Morgan. There were vocal music, instru
mental selections and specialties contrib
uted by Joe Dingle, J. Brown, Charles
Fox, Professor Landler, Joe Keene, An
dre Roberts, J. C. Sharp, M. Laughrey,
L. H. Klein, Roberts brothers and a
quartet, also a boxing eAibitlon by Cof
fey and Roberts. Since this tent has
taken on Special Deputy Blake into its
exclusive service it has awakened a new
spirit In the organization. It proposes in
the future to have more in the social
line to make the reviews more interest
ing for the members.
San Francisco Tent at its last held re
view gave its regular monthly entertain
ment, which was presided, over by Sir
Knight Phil Manson, who proved quite'
an adept in that line. The talent selected
presented a pleasing lot of numbers. The
members of this tent are quite excited
ever the prizes recently offered by the
supreme tent, and they propose to work
to secure one or more or them.
Friends of the Forest.
Last Monday night Pioneer Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest paid a visit to Pio
neer Lodge, on which occasion five stran
gers were initiated and eight application
were presented. After the meeting, which
was one of good advice and instruction,
there was a banquet In an adjoining hall.
Max Boehm presided as toastmaster, and
after a number of the supreme officers had
spoken the toastmaster was on behalf of
the lodge presented with a willow easy
chair in recognition of his services ~to the
lodge. •
On the last Wednesday in October Olive
Branch Lodge had a halloween party In
Mission Opera Hall. There were present
a large number of people, who enjoyed a
well arranged programme of events suit
able to the occasion. In addition there
were '•musical chairs" and a potato race.
In the former Miss Worrell carried off the
first prize and Miss Lawler the booby,
while in the latter Mr. Worrell won the
first and Miss Bessie Jolly the booby.
There was also a good programme of
dances. The affair was conducted by Mrs.
Frances Barnett, Miss Nellie Brown, Mias
Mary Copeland and Mrs. N. A. Mlsh. This
lodge, though young, is making favorable
progress.
Mrs. Lena Scholten, Supreme Secretary,
has returned from the East after an ab
sence of several weeks, during which she
visited a number of the principal cities
of the central portion of the Union.
On the night of the Bth inst. the com
bined lodges of the Friends of the Forest
will give a grand ball in the assembly hall
of the Red Men's building. It will be un
der a committee selected from all the
lodges, three from each.* Mrs. M. M. Reed
has been selected as president, Mrs. I. F.
Raymond secretary and M. Swift treas
urer.
"Woodmen of the World.
California Camp of Woodmen of the
World at its meeting on the last Monday
In October Introduced four strangers Into
the camp by Initiation. Alvln Page was
Installed as consul commander, D. Mayer
as advice lieutenant and Ell Freld man
ager. This camp has presented "Prince"
Laurance Vincent a handsome gold badge
In recognition of his services for the order
and for having brought in the greatest
number of candidates within a stated
period. California will have a grand en
tertainment in Golden Gate Hall on the
night of the 4th inst.
There was only routine business at the
session of Golden Gate Camp at the last
meeting in October. A comparative tab'e
was read, showing Golden Gate, with
its 1601 members, is third on the list In
the Pacific jurisdiction, the two preceding,
it being Camp Seattle, 2200, and Camp
Denver, 1900.
All the camps of the Pacific Coast juris
diction will hold Jubilee meetings in De
cember.
E. A. Mack, formerly with the Inde
pendent Foresters, has been appointed to
take charge of the twelfth district of the
order, with headquarters in Los Angeles.
The ten largest camps of the Pacific
jurisdiction aggregate 12,415 members in
good standing.
Women of Woodcraft-
Guardian Neighbor Mrs. Richardson and
Nelghbow Wehr, Wilder, Blaugy, Foster
and Cornehl of Redwood Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft and Guardian
Neighbor Mrs. Oliver and Neighbors Mr.
and Mrs. Katz, McCracken and Davis of
California Circle have been selected as
the general committee to arrange for the
joint entertainment and ball to be given
in the name of the order in Golden Gate
Hall on the night of the 14th mat. One
of the features of the evening will be the
introduction of tableaux to illustrate the
idea of woodcraft.
Redwood Circle on the last Tuesday in
October initiated several strangers. It
has had initiations at every session ex
cept three this term. A. G. Blangy, a
prominent member of this circle has, dur
ing the past week, undergone an opera
tion for a serious internal affection.
Degree of Amaranth.
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Royal and
Exalted Degree of the Amaranth, at Its
last-held meeting, initiated four eligibles,
and then had a social hour. The court is
Increasing in membership, finance and in
fluence. At the next meeting, on the Bth
inst., there will be a social, music, dan
cing and a general good time.
Daughters of St. George.
Empress Victoria Lodge, Daughters of
St. George, will give a snowball party and
dance in the Red Men's building on the
18th inst. /
Royal Arcanum.
On the last Thursday in October the
combined councils of the Royal Arcanum
of this city gave a very interesting and
pleasing entertainment to its friends in
the Pioneer building. This was the second
of a series of entertainments which are
to be given on the fifth Monday and fifth
Thursday when such falls in any month.
The many who accepted the invitation to
be present were entertained with an hour
of humor, songs and recitations, given
under the direction of M. S. de Roco, as
sisted by George W. Dixon.
Knights of Pythias.
A new lodge of the Knights of Pythias
will be instituted at Junction City, Trin
ity County, on the 9th of November.
Bay City Lodge of this city conferred
the knight rank in long form in a very
creditable manner on the meeting night of
last week.
Grand Chancellor Calkins visited Milo
Lodge, Nevada City, on the Ist of Novem
ber. He will make visits during that
month as follows:
Monday, November 11. Stockton— Charter Oak
No. 20, Centennial No. 38 and Nemo No. 161.
jointly, in SDecial convention. Tuesday, No
vember 12, Tracy— West Side No. 118. Wednes
day, November 13. Newman — Newman. No. 139.
Thursday, November 14, Mendota — Sunset No.
193, special- convention. Friday, November 15,
Fresno— Vineland No. 67 and Fresno No. 138,
In Joint convention with No. 138. Saturday.
November 18, Orosi— Orosi No. 178. Monday,
November 18, Fowler^ — Fowler No. 71. Tuesday,
November 19, Sanger — ganger No. 178. Wednes
day, November 20, Selma — Selma No. 155.
Thursday, November 21, Visalia— Visalia No.
121 and Bonnie Brae No. 208, Jointly with No.
121 (special). Friday, November 22, Hanford—
Mussel Slough No. 66 and Hanford No. UN.
jointly, with No. 194- Saturday, November 23,
Porterville — Portervllle No. 93 (special).
Clarence Nealy has been appointed dis
trict deputy for Gold Hill Lodge of Knob.
A new company of the Uniform Rank
will be mustered in at Santa Maria on the
7th inst. and one at Newman on the 9th.
General McGlashan will muster in each
company.
It ia said that the First Tennessee Regi
ment of the Uniform Rank will attend the
encampment in this city in 1902.
Native Daughters.
Oro Fino Parlor was visited last night
by Past Grand President Dr. Mariana
Bertola, who addressed the membership
on matters for the good of the order and
parlor. Next Saturday night the parlor
will be visited by Grand President Mrs.
Baker. ¦
Darlna Parlor has completed all ar
rangements for its entertainment for to
morrow night.
The following named were visitors at
the office of Grand Secretary Miss L. J.
Fakes last week: Grand President Mrs.
G. W. Baker, Past Grand President Miss
Mac B. Wilkin, Mrs. Dr. Gould of Dar
danelles Parlor, Miss Alice Dougherty of
Angelltis Parlor, Mrs. H. M. Green of
Buena Vista Parlor, Marion Lavton of
Las Lomas Parlor, Evelyn Anderson of
Oro Fino Parlor, Nellie Wynne of Minerva-
Parror, Miss Mclnerney of La Estrella
Parlor and Dolly Hyams of San Souci
Parlor.
Knights of Honor.
On the last Monday in October but little
business was transacted in Yerba Bu'ena
Lodge of the Knights of Honor, but after
th,at little business had been transacted
Company B on entertainment took charge
and entertained the members with a very
Interesting programme that kept the
membership together until a late hour.
If ante-election night does not interfere.
Liberty Lodge will have several candi
dates to initiate to-morrow night.
The reports from the supreme office re
ceived last week show 114 deaths during
the month and that 41 claims were paid
before the printing of the report. After
paying all claims for the month there will
be a surplus on hand of {130,000.
Seven Pines Circle.
The fifteenth annual campflre and ball
given by Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the
G. A. R., in the assembly hall of the Pio
neer building on the last day of October
for the benefit of its fund for the relief of
sick and distressed soldiers was attended
by many who feel an interest in the work
of the Bodety. The committee of which
Mrs. Ayers was chairman, with Dr.
Charles A. Ball as chairman of the even
ing, presented a pleasing programme of
music and song, Mrs. M. Price, the Misses
Smith, Bessie Harvey, Mrs. A. J. Budd
and Professor Grabers Mandolin Club be
ing the contributors. There was a goodly
number Of dances and an old-fashioned
supper of bacon, beans, hardtack and cof
fee served on tin plates and in tin muga,
army style, and there were some delica
cies that were not served in the army.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The past masters' day at the Chutes,
which had been scheduled for the 26th of
last month, but which had to be post
poned on account of the rain on that day
and night, will be held on the 9th inst.
During the past week Grand Recorder
Spencer paid a visit to the lodge in
Fresno, where a new hall was dedicated.
The lodge has taken a ten years' lease of
the premises and has expended $1500 in fit
ting it up. He also attended a lodge
meeting in Madera, where there was a
large gathering of members of the order.
At each place he delivered a lecture for
the eood of the order.
Prosperity Lodge Is making arrange
ments to rehabilitate its degree team.
Grand Foreman Freeman has been hearfi
from. He addressed a meeting in the in
terest of Workmanship at Colusa on the
last Thursday in October.
The next entertainment that is to be
given by the Ancient Order of Workmen
in this city will be on the night of the
20th inst. in Odd Fellows' Hall, when a
programme which, it is said, will surpa33
that presented last week at Native Sons'
Hall will be offered. By means of enter
tainments of this kind to be given month
ly it is expected that the order will be
kept prominently before the public.
The National Union.
The new council of the National Union,
which will probably be named El Capi
tan will be instituted on the 19th inst.
with about sixty members. This counc.l
will have a ladies' auxiliary, which will
be organized with about 100 charter mem
bers.
VITAL ISSUES
FACE OIL MEN
Directors of Associated
Company Moving
With Care.
Situation at Los Angeles
Affects Producers and
Market.
The leading interest cf the men engaged
in California's oil industry now attache*
to tho work of the directors of the Asso- •
ciated Oil Company, who have beep con
ferring in this city during- the last week.
In the success of the combination that U»
I proposed as. a part of their plan, the ac
tive producers of oil north of Tehachapl
are vitally concerned. A majority of the
leading companies in the Kern and Mc
; Kittrlek districts are represented upon
i the Board' of Directors. The general
j trend of the work of the' directors ha 3
j shown that they are proceeding witn
care.  .., • ' '..
The Bakersfield Calif ornian says that a
pipe-line from the present terminus- of the
Sunset railroad to section 34. 12, 24 m the
Sunset District has the backing of people
who are largely interested in ,the oil in
dustry, and that the preliminary surveys
for the line have been made. The propo
sition is to reach the best part of the ter
ritory and to .jive an outlet to the rail
load direct. . '"' . '
It is expected that .the refinery at Ba
kersfield now under construction for the
Pacific Refining Company will be in run
ning order, by the nrst of the coming
year. Soon after that it will be turning
out large quantities of refined oil ! and
asphalt. A spur track of the • Santa »**
has been laid. to it. . At first oil will be
brought directly by rail from the Kern
River, Sunset and McKlttrick districts,
but will probably be- piped after a time
to save expense. The plant is considera
bly lower than the oil wells, so that tha
piping could be accomplished with com
parative ease, especially If distillates, are
used to. thin the oil.
A great deal of space has been devoted
by the Los Angeles papers to the narra
tion of the troubles that the oil producers
of the Los Angeles field have had over
their agreements concerning the market
| ing of oil. When the president of the Oil
Producers' Association committee wrote
to Ed Strasburg, president of the Oil
Storage and Transportation Company ,
suggesting certain changes In the con
tract with the Storage and Transporta- .
tion Company, Strasburg replied In sub
stance as follows:
We still believe th« contract as origin
ally prepared by us to be a good working con
tract for both parties, and would be pleased to
handle the oil of as many producers in the
Lea Angeles field as would be willing to have
us sell their oil under the tame. Instead of
the- Storage Company selling a certain num
ber of barrels of oil per month now belonging
to themselves, we propose changing that clause
for us not to sell any of our oil until July 1.
1902, provided we secure oil enough under such
contracts to supply our - requirements. * After
which time we would want the privilege o*
disposing of all of the oil we might have on
! hand at 1 tha rate of 5000 barrels -per month.
! This would give the producers who give us
their oil to handle the benefit of all contracts
we now have.
Now Act as Individuals.
According to the Los Angeles Herald
there were representatives of 268 wells at
the meeting when this letter was read.
The result of the deliberations was that
i while as a united body of producers the
| association Is dead the organization was
maintained for the present. A resolution
I was adopted in which the right of the in
dividual well owner to sign with the
' Storage and Transportation Company was
I conceded. Some of the producers signed
I the same day with the Storage and Trans
portation-Company, the contract to take
effect November 1. President Strasburg
said that if a sufficient number of pro
i ducers came in his company would act as
i sole agent and would refrain from, doing
any other than the business of the sign
ers. If, however, a sufficient number
i failed to come In the Storage and Trans-
I portation people would reserve the right
i to get what business they could upon the
outside. . Each month the producers and
their agent will meet to fix the price of
oil, but the Storage Company will be the
sole judge as to selling and no committee
will be given power to sell the oil of pro
ducers on the outside. On the day of the
! meeting and the following day between.
20,000 and 25,000 barrels of oil were pledged
to the Storage and Transportation Com
: pany by the local producers. Concerning
i the new arrangement the Los Angeles
Herald says:
Without doubt any one choosing to be hyper
critical can pick holes In the contract, for It
one or the other of the contracting parties
desires only to observe the letter while ignor
i Ing the spirit of the instrument, there is scope
I left for some sharp practice. But difficulties
! of this kind the law, however rigidly it be
i framed, cannot obviate. In the meantime the
I arrangement Is the best that offers, and It
. will be Interesting to note Just how many of
I the producers think so. ..." .'.': ¦
/ Search for New Field. \
f The Western Oil and Development Com
: pany is drilling sixteen miles from any
i producing well, being just north of Buena
vista Lake, and the operations are
watched with interest, for there is a possi
bility that a new field will be developed.
The drill is reported to be down some
thing more than BCO feet. -
i The Pacific Oil Reporter says that It has
1 become evident that the life of the Texas
oil wells Is exceedingly short and that
, the Texas oil Is of an inferior quality.
For these reasons there la no justifica
j tion for anxiety on the part of the Califor
nia producers because of any competition
that • may come from. Texas. The same
journal predicts that refining oil will bring
more wealth to the State than will fuel oil.
California ought to be exporting immense
, quantities of refined oil to Japan. The.
j following Instance is given as illustrative
l^of this claim. , . ; •'/
The British ship Falgrav* a few days • ago
sailed from Philadelphia for Japan with 130,000.
cases of refined petroleum. At the same time
there were loading or under charter to 'load
tor the land of the Mikado sixteen vessels, all
to carry cargoes of refined petroleum, amount
ing In all to £417,000 cases, which with - th»
carso of the Palgrave will amount to 18,470,000
gallons. It Is -no wonder our California r»
flneriss are anxl^sly awaiting new and large
I discoveries of refinable petroleum. The Pactflo
Coast Oil Company needs five times the amount
It la now handling. The same with the Union
Oil Company. ¦ ¦ •-.. ¦
INDICTMENTS BY THE
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
Smith, and Pitts Indicted for Note-
Passing I—Many1 — Many Other Cases Are
Ignored.
The United States Grand Jury reported
yesterday to United States District Judge
de Haven that they had found true bills
of indictment against Edward W. Smith,
George Abrams and Robert L. Pitts,
charging them with having in posses
sion and passing notes of the defunct
State Bank of New Brun3wick, New
Jersey. Charles J. Perry and William
Hagan had already been Indicted as mem
bers of the same gang.
The State Bank of New Brunswick has
been defunct for about thirty years and
the notes printed from genuine plates
were Imported from the East by Smith,
who owns an Interest in a curiosity ahop
on Montgomery stre«t. The gang pur
chased the notes from Smith and passed
them at par. mostly In denominations of
$1. upon poor tradespeople, receiving in
change from 75 to 90 cents in each case.
Smith at the time of his arrest was a
Federal official, being the confidential
clerk of Major Thomas J. Blakeney.
Superintendent of the L'nited States Life
Saving Service on this peninsula, apd
used the storeroom of the service as a.
hiding place for a quantity of the worth
less notes.
William Hagan appeared before Judge
de Haven yesterday morning, withdrew
his plea of not guilty and pleaded guilty.
He was ordered to appear on Monday for
sentence.
The Grand Judy ignored the following
charges:
Against G. P. de Ferrari, for selling
liquor without an internal revenue license.
Against I. Inda. Baptfste Laxaque,
Jannarina, Benito Gonl and John Doe, for
pasturing sheep on the Sierra forest
reserve. Against Edward A. Smith. Leo
pold Greenberg, Fred "W. Burke and
Harry Conners, for using the mails t*
further a scheme to defraud.
434
Hales.
M'^^^^i^^^ / ..¦-'' ''!••' New Cheer and Beauty for the Thanksgiving Table. * "^t^ g. = 'B ;^Ks c As^^^7 ;'-'; '-' : '_a_S3L. S-
imm^^^ Linens and Silverware. %^
JlP'^lS^^^^^mK /\ '-- ;S Important subjects; importantly treated. More California homes are depending upon us for their Thanksgiving sup- \. % '^^^ SS^
7rQ 2 ==:^ $&$^ /J\\ " -'jS plieS tllis * all than ever And there are hosts others who'll want to come here when they know what we can do for them. So it -^. - 5Mf/^ "^1 1*
/ }-* ' ¦ _ *»''- -/ ,/ \\ / puts us on our mettle. We must not disappoint anybody. We must not slight any one. We must not be slow. We must not be in a hurry We must stand ¦¦ the double- N^^fe. • k-l^r \f > .-W^ A j.7* I
— ' yy A y x taxing of our energy with perfect decorum. It's the test-time of the year for stores. Good stores profit by it— poor ones fail *.- ss * < vJ^*S£*JT*^ .««j£>--^ «S«V 1 !
1 / <^TX ' Table Linens at Their Best. Hi^h Tide in Silverware. % WOW '
J Mbi~L . / Our linen achievements always were the pride and honor of the store. Nothing we study so hard Business here is reaching wonderful limits. Would be queer if it didn't. Such a fine new stock \ %£v sfrw^jjr if
1 JKaPfT^-v. - :i> / aS •i - C " S -J tu ni i c^ C - do - so . weH . Wl , th as 116 " 3 - Ah * r a"^here are but a few concerns in the country— so well selected, and so reasonably priced is as sure to attract attention as can be. VVV V V»- J? /' «
\ PSSMI" ¦^^ — / none this side of the Mississippi— have the linen advantages we have. , • It isn't so much the money we save you as it is the quality we give you that makes us so proud of the X. 4aSW'^^ % '- /
xSffi'iwptt^^y Buying Linens at HaleS FS Blivin£ From First HandS. offers. We a re in for buildin * up a large trade in silverware. Couldn't if we didn't give you such good, X. \^ / 2A
\WWWy- t '¦' That means bri & hter . newer and more original patterns; "a wider Variety of them; worthy qualities and the ..SS " rSS^S^I T d ,C?, C ?, me b^ aßain ' " . mm ~*r^> \^3^ /' i
_A MS you ta r kf a svan t S o?°t% Sible tO ' fillCL This **™ a » year round - bu t the climax comes at Thanks time. .Will . TE^f ? |l£^c^^^^^ ST^fe I ¥s < !or^'eT?^n E^TSSHPd^SS. sftS"he» Xj^
/— ' \ • yr you taKe aa\antage ot Jt.' .- , . :> - . - . - quality silver plate, satin engraved. We know of nothing are shoe horns, button hooks, nail files, stocking darners, X. / •?'
V S IT- ^i— — TiTfr /iT*c(- r-i» a etr *». n . »,. i* . . ' »t 1-1 -•- j * . * about town to equal, it for the price. . . . cuticle knives, tooth brushes, nail brushes. . -. . >v X/
—^ in t iVto»e.tScsrwVdon ? , ; «BSfea.?iiil»JEa? neU!ra '- 11 Bgaa:-™: ? ::::™™::::!*.a . pin oh thinket tkays 2!5 c-x , arse ,ssor«, 5 sor « ,„ CA ? Fve?fS^ y fflsi.2i- AS£: QQ ™ dnipU *- ! " ver ' s * tm "* \ .
y^ let a single Rood towel value slio 12V4c for 20-iPch width. ' 15e for 22-inch width. • 72 inches wide ..: ,5c and $1.00 yard fancy designs; some in oxydized silver and gold finish. NUT CRACKERS 75c EACH-Plated, assorted patterns. A. good
" by us then we keen nrir<«<; Hnwn tn I 2Oc for 24-inch width. . Table Damask .8c ' New anfl pretty. . quality, . ..^
"the lowest notch hv hiivincr mVnv ' 53.50 Napkins $2.90 a Dozen. 66 inches wide and unbleached-all linen, and NTJT PICKS 81. 50 SET-Satln finish, plated. TABLE WARE-Satin or shell patterns, of ROGER BROS.' 1847 TABLE WARE-Ia
.tne lowest notcii Dy Duying so many. .... , . r .. that's an unusual thing for 38c. Choose from some An Al quality. Six in a set. ¦: quadruple plate and they are guaranteed: fancy Datterns*
An Eastern man with whom we have dealt for And there are only 40 dozen of them— 20 patterns. , _. - A -rt -p WA"RTP Thp V a r« „,„,„?. ' a * L -Teaspoons, set of 6, $100 - fancy patterns.
?,w™wZf !ln i thr^ lhe eitr .Honolulu a bleached-all linen— 24 - inches square— ." 75c Damask 58c. TAB bestsu^ of lnvei D^«nr ¦* • * -Dessert spoons. «>t of 6. $1.80. *V.'; -Teaspoons, set of 6, H. 35.
Jw w^«*^?~t^r« B^w he .>, wa *Kf'i rpi ;l sed t0 ?,^ nd usual dinner size They are napkins to be ' Bleached-66 inches wide, and it Is all llnen-a large -Teaspoons? let I silver platlngr. -Tablespoons, set of 6, $2.00. < -Dessert spoons, set of (5. $2.55. ->-.-
£ r^,S an<l the low !>rlcee we pa)d that P roud o^-^ood enough to grace any table. ety P White Damask 45c -?abl^ S o P n°° nS ' t ieto J 566s 6 6 &* I -D^sert^forks^sefnf- {fff«. =Tlbi ce e S ?o?k 39;3 9 ; let of fc |m
gHgr^\s^ i gy,aur - &2^^^^^^^^^ri =ssirKss:MfoSVH!- - ' -faun ha ndi e P i ate d to bi, * of «. stiqar^oon^a^dbt^^k^^
cif\~ r*~_,-.^i. •— 1 a »« snowy white and pure linen. • 9Oc Uamask 75C. . ?-T . . . ,i- ,  ' ' ¦ . • ——————————— ———»» B «._. MMa i KHM _ M » -
_ 2Oc Damask Towels for 13c. : BL~ACB~^~ NAPKINS 5R1. 50 T)OZ. -22 Bleached and all linen-comes in many cheery pat- -. . | . r% •A. 1 • I_l % « ¦ '* « • /• >;~ f -;.r
Th *!L, ha )' e ,T' d borde "- ffinsred. and are 15x42 inches: | inches square— a splendid Quality— all linen. terns-has a soft, satiny finish and Is 70 inches wide ' ¦ r%4^VK7i T rhl f^ A* HO *% /"I L^i_k #«/^ M i C±T & W&M
WO of them at one-third less than they usually \ GEP MAN-IVT ADF. NAPKTNS 51. 15 DOZ. The same quality 72 inches wide SBc, instead of: $1. ; ; , UW W 1 Lwil 111 >£ 11d.1ILII\V I Cl 1 1 WJ £>•
irrrrnvi ; itriifc'Vi'"u ?•••"" •••• 13c -To say that is to say enough for their quality- Another quality 72 inches wide. 95c, Instead of $1 25. , r , . , ¦ • - " O • «»-••« * :-~ » m. m. -w a «-^ *
SBI TOwI&f: I2s7"HTmmtd: lB^Tn h che S . o^Lfrfln^h-^^eim^or^i^er^^ ' Bleached Lin 2 n«-With Napkins to wSr?" We'lMfifa'few" 3 tyleS - IOU Can ' t """^ "'" the flrBt Rrand ' all -»»wta, of handkerchief., and embrace, the* very late* Idea. In the handkerchitf
-/C f 2S-^^™ * lDCbeB aDd 2Sc for those 22x " ¦ Damask Table Cloths. ' In this assortment now some >n IBc BACH-Swlss haadke^hlef.. some hem- 25 C BACH-AH linen handkerchief., with Hon.- 1 *«. BOX-ChUdren'. hemstitched handkerchief*.
D AMA.SK .TO WIXS. 25e-S0 dozen; 20x42 inches;- . Bleached set off with border all round. They a.™ • tirely new^S^-the auallty Is aJ? Mnln '"" stltched embroidered, others scalloped embroidered; - ton pattern lace borders two inches wide, other, with coloted borders; three put up In a fancy box.
ope° -work rl^rder; Ol<>red ""^^ "^ Plai " • *"* ' ¦ne B1 ««n?"i2bllnS . wltt^"^ napkins'Tmatlh^ ¦ "^"nchTs wid^fl^-Tnapkins'to maTch ?4 <3oz lawn handkerchiefs with lace insertion in border - with lace insertion in corners and lace 'border,. 250 BOX-Children's colored border h.ndk.rchl^
BcJ? n hTckaSrck Toweling 10; Yard. SBMBfc: «; ) xapk.ns to match dJi lncheB wide ' 1JW -* napWns t0 m 4^ S SSSSf o^°^^^^^ \^^JSSS^^£££?£ -.?^™i? SI ? iS ?V-"Jir^
.eS^c^^o? 1 ! »ffl^ i^a^-fe:: ado,, finches wide to match ¦ SSSs^Sas^££ g So_^^
This :; S J. Brett & Co. 's Wholesale Stock of a KhkKHUtiWtlriMAii^^E'Q^iVJtlb'illii;' MMi-*i i h;mi ' 'll liiiiWil 1 • A Free Art School :| ;
'^ . - W^^- VJUUUS: l/^m^MllSV We want to help you get ready for Christmas. There are so many pretty things you might make with the
On Sale Tn-Mnrrn ! Npsl I- Half DrtrCk - f/Wl ' ¦ " : ii 1 111 1 ' th f, crochet ho ? k or c the brush . (if you only knew how), that we knew you'd jump at the chance to learn if we
Un 3aie 10 morrOW l^iear nail rTICC ¦ P^ Xl lll!!'li i <±M^ Ml ' gave y° u -t he opportunity. So we've engaged PROFESSIONAL ARTISTS to give free lessons every day.
The proudest values we've had. Textures and styles and colorings are those you're all K/^^^^Tt^^D ToE°m rold^To^P co % ruct fd for the purpose. Here you may learn
baying and glad to pay full prices for. And then thereVsuch a variety - several thousand dol- f^SSm^^ - To Ma^sZes^rL^ZJuZ' To B^n ffatlT' *"* L ™ . W ° rh '
lars -v\orth. ¦_ - -y- .. W^mwmfi^k^ - './'' °to Make Paper Novelties. Flowers. Boxes, Sachets. Etc.
. . —Stylish skirtings for fall and winter wearing. '¦',':. - '), '^ESKsf^wtfe^^i .^il'Jlli'i'it! ,x In fact, the school covers about everything in the art world. It's planned on such a 'broad and liberal
— C >siume cloths for street and house use- all colorings "- 71 tM^S* /^t/^ll SCale that thcre J, ' a woman who cannot profit by it. One of the striking features is a
v ¦¦— ¦ - -^st Huff <in profusion. w^hL^Tv f / \\^wM\ Iw! Free Course of 12 Lessons in Embroidery Work
They Wanted to Go Into Exclusive.Comniission Business that y^S /I about Tsinch^oun^^h^ 61^ SSyS^r d °" c ~*-3 Patented on o^ piece of linen
They Wanted to Go Into Exclusive Commission Business S9X3?i^S^^^^-i E^tttSLS S^in°
On a bigger broader and more aggressive scale than ever, j They wanted to make the turn quickly They were willing tx^mm i " Stance W1 " be the COSt of a few skeins of silk. The booths are:
to accept a loss in order to do about V half an m V o°n e; ? haVe tO be asked the second time to buy when they can choose from. L \'¦ ''^h^^X^/^-^^l ''" BOOthNO. 1 China Painting
such a collection as this and for about half money? ¦ • [jift '"t" t " ' J&}^\;^i-\S''- jfl\\\ ''• SECOND FLOOR v«»»*i.*ti^.
S *rges. ! Homespuns. '. Henriettas ' life* ... %r^P^^^^^Jim M^.wJ?S«,^ <artist i. and teach !r-i of n^' . wi " in booth '¦ give F REE lessons in China Painting. He will, without
Granites. Whipcorls. Camel's Hair Homemuni HwiSU I ]^ '^ // V ft' *>?Z \l and < dd t I - ntlly decorate J ardini "«. vases, tobacco boxes, tea sets. cups, plates, etc.
Drap d'Ete. Bedford Cords, etc. P™llns H<>nteSpUrVS - W^WPW^^^k '' the charms of chma painting this is an opportunity that should not be rmssed.
Think of picking from . opovns. . W^W ' i Booth No. 2 — Leather Burning.
40 Pieces Of 75C Bedford CordS at 35C Yard tM^l^£M i-CllP AN EXPERT L .-"entertain in this booth, her s P eci Bafty°bcm8 afty°bcmg F FREE lessons in leather burning and painting the teach-
,., . . Slf^S rsr-r,-*^^ 48 WCHFB wide. TOO. .S^SSS^ r SHADE ' as lvdl as m^S^ «9P*l - ln She ls said t0 be calendars, photo frames, panels, pillow covers and novelties wekoratd by °" r Mtron> - - 1
A^dVook at the color line: OLD BOSE, CIEL, TAN, LILAC, PINK. Yes. every EVENING SHADE, as well as W^VZ&~ %*g&W She is said to be ""excelled in this pleasing work, and we believe will be warmly welcomed by our patron*.
CREAM. Why, you pay us $1.00 and $1.50 for regular-stock Bedford cords, eight inches narrower. Jfc^SSSF- 0 *"?T- -" BOOthINO ft I flCe WnnL \
Equally important are these ¦ . . V , ~^^~^" " * '~'ffy^\ ' ; " , uuuui *'"• O— L.clv*C »rOPK» 1
20 Colors in $1.00 French Henriettas at soc Yard • '¦ li ! - m^ 'S^w §&&ii ms i«f o 'n«tn^f?^^^?i icaKO - fam^ d f s / preside over this booth, she win *ive free
black — not English Fancy suiting-worth Sl.OO. ' " > S2 !'•¦ l ' ii iJ>^^~~lv>^^'.. I JEP"^Z/s».«S*' /Hi . ' Booth No. 4— Embroidery Work.
English Fancy suitin^-wo-th si.oo « : ¦' M Booth No. 4— Embroidery Work.
50c A^x&tf s^ I »h»!?aj^gfflHJS&S IBI Bi l Sft!S5rS: We T* 1 * *:t«\ WcWc '^^mS^m&^ylit raS \ TO . BT i=inchar«ofb,o,hNo 4.whkhis Brtis.ic8 rti5 .ic fancy work I, a booth in
- A iS-^^i n L C ools r^x C trrhfa U tin tittT e °^ •'•»?•. ,' ' "n'SrWSSSJS 1 SSSW^ne'.. Here are sh — "'>¦ -lee? and v^ry compLte^ne^^finbhed SSST^.' wUhb'ack, to match.
50c a «««^^^.^tcH^™ »:S'IHH kPP^^lf: Booth No - 5^ a JESS Novcltle «-
price Monday for the first time. : ,-¦, *»-__« - IliA vliw^" */_«* js^» a f uw a • ' MRS SUMMER ' 1 -iif 1 • v • >rv-urND FLOOR.
50-inch Cheviot Suiting*- Worth 81.00.- . ' 80-Inch Canvas Suitings -Worth $1.00. * fWfc^ 'M ' /IHf - '«« •-rpri.ing and'charmln^i^tne'exiemf ° f N ° VdtieSl »d ° mC ° the TCSUItS she obtains with W «r
50C 60C s^t^oltui l^ 001 - S much - US€d eoods for WTv^A othtfr ttt^Th 5™5 ™" 1 " T" FR , EE iow tO ' make Sachet Ba RS . Flowers, Lamp Shades .md innumerable
much a . th ; re Vsoflf ht w* f i-f.h^Klp"* at h^ifr price - A! ; !r, v I" the lot are also colored cheviots, camel. If 5 ' > . \^. I *M} othc?r Th.s is an art not ditticult to learn and which you will vastly enjoy.
™ches wide ' l re Were stlll more hair, with not a bad color In the lot. It is one of the rarest \\ .^y^^bJlßfrfcP^^-^a^BßgS _--_ • • i •-» J
.ncnes-ae. of off ers-60c instead of U.GO. . - ift 1.1/ // <^^g^<l^' «J-SS> l-C/%-«T_^' *\ +*m jA _ r J2-_ilx- > ? F T __ <« /-\
73n^»sg£ga^bs zsr'igsas&'M^ Mmm?£\- : Boys .- an VJr, l .£"±r wear for lBc -
Men's Underwear-Extra Values. \ Iliili^liS^^Bi^^^^S^^iM©
comc 0 mf ohSd^l0 h Sd^li m r '" " d ° Und " WWr who won>t appreciate these ellorts - There's a gain in money as well as in I S?SS I aS^S II n i^ u S u !S B £ s S2 • IS OO of' th^T^"'^ Z% P^Z^ c^ lnea nice, M «' Wool Mixed Garment, «Oc. * ¦
- — - -•— ->»-«?: eae - IfllHgliH^ gH^H— = =^g| ~SEr^^'aH
bit. very ribbed shirts or drawers, winter weight, fleeced a little Camels hair, natural gray or fancy fawn shirts or drawers SUTTg FOB BI°d'FOI#KS, *2.00-It is ._• . ."% . . o $1.00 Vents 68c. V Chl d '« Union €ults 50c. s.l
bit. very soft and very warm, made for men who do not like wool; Camelg hair, natural gray or fancy fawn shirts or drawers STTTTg FOB Bid FOT/KS, *2.(K>-It is _ . . .. „ $1.00 Ve«tB 68c. thi d 9 Union Buit « SOc -
~££ 50C a Garment. LT ? SJS* Z£ "^ WClght ' "^ '" *"** and over- f^T^T rtS * J " z£\Z^££*™^^ o-JRr^^^s^2S^£ 55£Sl g» inSSJTSSR.
«,^, cl oo 8 r w^JnftS!^ 11^ BWrtS ° r . dd — ' — tt «- «« , $, 25 a Ga - m ent *" \ " S^S^S^ffifc^fflSiSS lS_g»3S5SS^^! " " **"" 111 " Plendldly «-«-«.. "ith tet s«un,. pelrl button, 3 ;
75c a Garment. « . • * • Fleece lined, heavily ribbed, In natural «ray -ir v ' ' Colored Wool Garments 51.00.^-- Boys* Shirts and Drawers 30c.
I' i^*i«?^ " U "^4 Sale's Biggest and the City's First i — • '" "'' ,¦¦_'''"' ''' ' ' :',: ', " '"" ' • ' * ' ' c ° UgS a " d > °' Ile9: '"" " *° M '
ig# Doll Exhibit This Week. ""SSj^SHk^SsSsl^l ¦ Smart Norfolk Suits, $13.75.
I %&gJ^i You H think this is one big doll house when you come to- //^^MS^^^^^M^*^^^^^^^^^. ' This Norfolk idea is catchy. We got it from
I^lM^ morrow. We've spread our dolls over all the extra space we P/ifir '^3Pmßs~^r^ imKS^^^\^^^k the English folks who also originated the raglan J§Pl^w~'^ : S
could get. We want you to know how well prepared we are to ft? • W&kp^l ' 70c WEm^Sfmi&i ldea ' - TheSe f ° lkS that play golf so much had t0 «K^^^ £}
' V^^^ give the sort of a doll you want. Not a desirable style has been " — ! ~ /uc Y^WP' ;\P^IBM>; \P^1BM> J^J contrive something to give more freedom to their . JL3fefj»^
/^^^^ overlooked. Not a poor one has been admitted. It's the safest d^tvirh PhlliiAC ' ' arms - This Norfolk is only a mature conception W&f^
and broadest and most entertaining lot of dolls we ever gath- ; - ' V/ * SLI *vll rllllllCd of the original raglan. Not only comfortable, but ««£ MT
P ered. That's not said for effect. ' Hale's advertising is not given .' ; ' At Half Pribe. stylish. J^C
'^WST^ . to high-sounding phrases The advertiser never writes a word .. f None could be fuller or more perfect or more beautiful. Because they are $13.75 's an UnUSUaI Price to Pay - ,/>W\.
SM| for the. paper he knows the Store doesn't, back up. half-price is no fault of theirs. We are to blame. We see a bi X ad in it for us. • • ¦¦* c .. ,¦ e^ .¦• a J v /f .% \J >v
M. But the dolls: This is a fine opportunity to get | h Z SSLSWSS i%SSS' them S ° "^ S ° 'th. ' f So.Much Sty le. .^. OILiV, :. '
/p*L rv «« - ~ BQnnnT.Ln. *,«a • , The y rc made from Cheviot in blacks and browns The HlOife^A \
%^J$ :* DoIIS for the Cominir Doll ShnW .- &3.00 Ostrich Plumes now $1.60. »| jackets are silk lined. Belt, collar and straps trimmed ¦ '[. 'Z ?// /A \ -
W^_?\ : *-' * 1^ IVI - lliC VUIIIIII^ L/01l *^lIUW. : Black of white; 16 and 17 Inches long. with satin piping The skirt has a panel front and gradu- X\ * *$ # /\ \
f\. A : Matters not what your taste or your purse may be, the doll you want- is '. . $2.00 OstriCh Plumes now 95c. .; ated flounce, finished to match the jacket. ,\\ a «Jf 7/ \ V
' fit --• 1 \ certainly here— 5c to $20.00. It was never easier to find the doll one is after Black or white; 15 Inches long. ,'..;, .' $15.00— Cheviot, in black, with titrht-fittin* box coat \\\> *7/,'// V* IT'1 T ' U
i! U S^M"W^MM^nSllSi $1.50 Ostrich Plumes now TOc . ',\\&m^oMM^^^r\ •: " V_fV"// /
i/FflU I a f "' - CkS ' ThC fi "t thin, to impress you willbe the , ; .' ,; There are '5 do. noT£? ai "o'r/^We^wouldn't be surprised if they all iacket, tight-fittin^rimmed with straps of M V /
Real Raby Faces Which It's So Hard to Find, :£&»*? BFM^^A^^^^^^ g^»«Wtf i'SSi ff V
\ Ly Ke^ne^fte^y 0110 " 11 in the world has been successful in reproducing, U., „ , .^ . ~^ 1 . 75-In basket cloth, in black, gray and blue. A ij .|' f -
•Ke^r^r^T^ 0 - 5^ h - fi f - — a* -• « bussed Lace Curtains Sri^dSSS'JEsS ts tSi c s k ters Th oi -Ol k
! If .; !^cbpS^Sa^?|^^^ fOrthC CUrtainSalC t^s.a.ound the edge. It is completely lined with taf- l\
( &M but with Raphael left out. We were after expression and character and finish / wm go on sale -tit -J'V Broadcloth, in blue and black or tan Russian '• VT 111 Mli \\
fiJ\' in dolls. Profits Wi ll take care of themselves if we can get that-and that's . ./ , • _ To-jnorrow Mornvng at , blouse jacket, tucked all over an ninedw"thtaff c 7/ \\
*&»P ilii SS " : « /- ' H ':'. A Fourth Under Their Value. '- :* Has a pretty vest effect, satin piped, skirt with gradu - / /// " \ \\
JH±M >i~"s ot .»T«T l™?— Kld dolls< Jointed dolls, rag dolls, worsted dolls, negro , Nottingham styles— perfect and good in every way, except they may need « o^ a^ and. tucked flounce, and silk drop skirt. Jf 111 i \\ \\
fy&f&£sMl dolls, celluloid.dolls. rubber dolls and paper dolls. Dolls with natural hair freshening up a bit. We haven't time or patience to do it ourselves. We'll pay *<* 5 -«°— Etamine suits, browns and blacks, Eton jackets / /\\ i \\ \\
figMtgjtffi ! and eyelashes, walking dolls and character dolls of every description. - youto do it. r ; ; ¦ .-- with vest and velvet trimming, as well as. satin straps' -A/ 11 »4 ¦•..«?*• w\
) And Doll Fixings, too—Doll dresses and trousseaus, doll hats, shoes and But 200 pairs - Don>t let some one else get the best styles. -¦ . Skirt with graduated flounce panel front, trimmed with /\l // $& \\ \ >
! SvJ^mTOi stockings, gloves; purses, jewelry parasols fans ¦ * ;>:; >: ; — • — * .'" .. ' ... 1- J ; V .'-"i- - -  saUn straps, also silk drop skirt. - . ¦ / \f // ffP\ \\ A" &4
I fill n\T( l ,. 1 Do j; h « ds . wi^ doll bodies, arm's" hands', feet-Doll trunks, chairs. ' RnhP RlflfltAtc S?r 5111/1 4IW fronf Si^^T"-^- EEnt ° n iacket with / /// ' W y/\
'§ ' tab j^K e hoUSeS doll bodies, arms hands', feet-Doll trunks, chairs. " RUUC DldDKeiS ; 59C; allfl $I.o3» _ ' vV^T' , C l°- h> b T" .^ ixcd : Eton 'acket with / / hfr* -: \\ Jf\
an b d IC go b c C at. hOUSCS> ™" Smocks and an immense line of doll cabs KOPe DianKCtS 53C HM $1.33, Sr^tXLX^T^W^ / Ufa 7*7 * \ / N
/«! It\ • and co-carts. ¦• . ... , --¦¦ • .-•*,';• • - ! ¦ »«. ' j¦••' . •'.'"¦-.• - ¦ -' --"^- . •¦-.- ¦=¦•..- ,: • ¦ «¦* -. . .. •"- ? - - . — Aigion .. cona r, nare skirt, .with bands of < velvet anrf / f^jlPJ'i^S? \\ vy
/ft \\;\\ ; • •- " - : -¦ .^ -¦•• - We stand, right at the top in this blanket 1 .. business. It ( has taken us a satin, silk drop petticoat. . s or. velvet and / r<i ri U-/O\ \^
; /^ lv\ •• '¦•' : -^T /~~T /ST *JW/ ' ' ' ng W r gCt thCre> bUt beinß c . areful where we bought them, looking first -^ ¦yi^VVivj:, _; •. *____" - ' /I / '. ™
/A ¦ Imported Cotton Blankets at 81.75 and «2.00-Very fancy affairs In a great /Kr /**/ 3^^*^ *9£o? V^^^ X
¦ t ,1 o^* •^^^r*'OX> GOOKk&^^^ _ varietyof designs and colorings. Quite the thing for robes. -^^»~~~ — — "^^^^^^ \.
i^*^^**^ Wool Kobe Blankets 85. OO— Fancy Jacquard effects. They're all wool, usually *JOfhM% Sim%**A >w
Jo.oo, but the way we set them allows us to mark them $5.00. g#««g*-» -\^^
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901.
Hale*.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.