Continued* on Page. Two.
Continned on Page Four.
-Scarcely, had* the *. word,, VAmen" been
breathed . when ; .the liquid ' r tones" of that
sweetly: pleading \song, ¦ '.'SomeUme We'll
'Understand." ; wenu"straight: to the heart
of every 'audltor/^The solo' was sung by
Mrs.; Thomas : C; Noyes of this ! city, and
the ..beautiful . refrain was echoed and . re-
semblage rose ; to . Its feet. . Bared - heads
were bowed and eyes^streamed^with tears;.
At 'the : conclusion ' of^ the hymn as _ Rev.
Dr.; Naylor,'; presiding elder of the'Wash
ington circuit, rose. tb; offer prayer, the
hush that' f ell'.. upon'^the '• people was pro
nounced. When in conclusion -he repeat
ed | ttie Lord's; prayer- the ' great audience
joined with him.'";' '",,"•
As the J sweet.- notes of ' Mr. MqKinley's
favorite hymn, ': "Lead, 'Kindly ¦• Light,",
floated, through the great rotunda the as-
Despite the j fact /that- "no . attempt ';', had
been made ; to decorate the' interior 'of ¦ the
rotunda beyond ~the~arrahgemeritsVmade
about the" 'catafalque,'" .'the: assemblage
presented a memorable] sight. ] The som
ber black of ' thV attire of the- hundreds '¦ of
civilians [ present- Vas splashed' brilliantly,
with the.blue and; gold'of the'representa
tives'of the army sand v the navy I and : the
court costumes of the diplomatic corps."
Memorable i Sight Presented.
many, Italy -and Spain, and all .the .repub
lics" to." the ¦ southward >"of • the -United
States mingled, their .tear's with ¦ thdse of
the American people. <•¦' ." ••¦•¦.; ';
to the cause of the republic. As befitted
the occasion, and the. character of the
man whose remains were lying cold and
rigid in the narrow embrace of the metal
lic casket, the services were simple. They
were conducted in accordance with the
rites of the" M. E._ Church t of which Presi
dent McKinley was a life-long member.'
Consisting only of two hymns, a song, a
prayer, , an -address .and a- benediction,
they were beautiful and solemnly Impres
sive.; Gathered around ¦ the bier were rep
resentatives of every- phase of American
life, including the President and the only
surviving ex-President ' of ; the United
States, together with the representatives
at this; capital- of almost every nation' of
the - earth. Great Britain, France," Ger-
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— All that Is
mortal of William McKinley is
speeding toward .its last earthly
resting place at his home in Can
ton, after, the nation had officially
and with state ceremony paid its
tribute of respect and love to the mem
ory of its stricken chief magistrate.
This was almost the closing act
in the awful . tragedy ' which -has
drenched the civilized world in tears.
Beneath the great white dome of
the Capitol funeral services of state were
held to-day over the remains of the .dead
President. It was eminently fitting that
the' services should be conducted in that
beautiful rotunda, hallowed by the history
of the last sad rites of two other martyrs
FUNERAL SERVICES OF STATE ARE HELD OVER THE REMAINS
OF THE DEAD PRESIDENT BENEATH THE CAPITOL'S GREAT DOME
fantry, cavalry and artillery converged
from all directions and the scene was one
of animation and spirit. , "¦
Entire Garrison Assembles.
Company D of the Eighteenth Infantry.
Captain F. D. Adams commanding; com
panies 28, 29, 97 and 105 of the Coast Artil
lery, Captain B. H. Randolph command
ing; batteries 1 "and 18 of the Field Artil
lery, dismounted. Lieutenant Colonel G.
S. Grimes commanding, formed the foot
contingent and marched to the parade?
ground headed by the Third* Band of the
Artillery Corps.
As the - men marched to the parade
ground the rumble of guns and caissons
l and the clatter of horses' hoofs indicated
the approach of the cavalry and artillery
from, their barracks.
As the infantry, cavalry and artillery
entered the parade ground by the upper
Three troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry,
commanded by Captain George W. . Kirk
patrlck, rode slowly behind the regiment's
famous band ,to the strains of a Sousa
march. ' The Fifth Battery of the Field
Artillery, under . command of Captain J.
H. Hayden. followed the cavalry. Tha
:.1ag3 and guidons of the various branches
of the army were draped in crape, while
all the officers had bows of crape tied to
their j sword , hilts.
Continued on Page Two»-
WASHINGTON, Bept 17.—Arrange
ments for the movement of the
funeral cortege from the White
House to the Capitol were com
pleted last night, after the re
mains of the President had been
'deposited In the , east room of the man
sion. Yesterday was a perfect au
tumn day, but this morning dawned
gray and dreary. The sky was
overcast ¦with low flying clouds. Nature,
however, seemed to be in mourning for
the nation's dead. As the hours passed
trashes of rain fell at Intervals, but de-
QDite this discomfort tens of thousands of
£>rrowing people appeared early upon the
sxeets. Both Bides of Pennsylvania ave
nue from the White House to the Capitol
*ere massed with an Impenetrable cordon
o\ people wishing In this way to pay final
Ubute of love and respect for the dead.
•M the funeral cortege, escorted by troops
representing: every department of the na
tlto'B martial service and by representa
tiiss of religious and civic organizations
. Dsssed down the broad thoroughfare to
"¦'>?» solemn notes of the dead march from
*'6 t uL" wailed by the bands, the sorrow-
THE official announcement of the
death | of - President William McKln
ley was made yesterday to the troops
stationed at the Presidio and other
military, posts around the bay.. ¦
,The ceremony at the Presidio was
brief but impressive. Of the thousand
men -who listened to the reading of the
sad announcement the majority had taken )
part in the reception tendered the beloved
President when he visited the Presidio
several weeks ago and addressed two reg
iments of volunteers who were just home
f fcm the Philippines.
: ;The determined faces of officers and
men alike betrayed the pain of the loss
they sustained, by the death of the com
mander' in chief at the -hands of a das
tardly assassin. Many veterans of the
Civil and Spanish wars were overcome by
emotion and tears flowed freely down
their cheeks.
"¦{At dawn yesterday morning a salute of
thirteen guns was fired from the field
pieces of : the :, 'Coast ''Artillery, stationed
at the .Presidio, and thereafter at inter
vals - of : thirty minutes until sunset a sin
gle gun boomed in respect to the memory
of.the nation's dead chief.. :. . . " t - ¦
Shortly; before . 10 o'clock 'yesterday
morning the entire Presidio, garrison as
sembled .in front: of their "respective bar
racks and to the sound'of military music
marched to the lower parade ground. [ In4
SCENES AT OFFICIAL NOTIFICATION TO TROOPS [OF- THE PRESIDENT'S DEATH.
Recent Expressions
f of Joy Are Turned
to Sorrow.
Impressive Ceremony Attends the Reading
of Sad Announcement ;to Garrison
. : by Adjutant of the Post.
Cortege Moves From
the Executive
Mansion.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO
RECEIVE OFFICIAL NOTICE
OF THE PRESIDENT'S DEATH
SAD PAGEANT
PROCEEDS TO
THE CAPITOL
VOLUME XC-NO. 110.
SAN FRANCISCO, W EDNESDA Y, SEPTEMBER 18, 1 90 1 ;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ALL THAT MORTAL OF THE MARTYR PRESIDENT
IS NOW SPEEDING TOWARD ITS LAST RESTING PLACEIn clarion tones, Captain Millar "began
to read the official announcement of the
death of President McKinley, but in a
few moments his voice grew husky with
emotion, while tears could be seen in the
eyes of soldiers and spectators alike.
The announcement read to the troon3
was as folllows:
Captain E. A. Millar, adjutant of the
post, drew his sword and rode slowly
from the group of officers to a point fac
ing the long. line of blue-coated soldiers
isot a sound marred the solemnity of the
scene. Even the chargers of the cavalry
and the horses of the artillery seemed to
realize the sad importance of the occa
sion. . . ' .-¦<• -..;¦
back were as rigid . as If carved out of
stone as the Bharp word of attention"
brought every head erect, facing the little
group of officers.
"The adjutant of the post will now read
the order of the day," said Commandant
Rawles in a loud voice.
Continued From Page One.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 17.-The last
chapter of the sad ceremonial, the
removal of the remains of the late
President to the grave at his old
home at Canton, Ohio, began at
S:20 o'clock to-night, when the fu
neral train left here over the Penn
sylvania Railroad. The great bronze doors
of the Capitol, In which the body had lain
In state, had closed while there were still
thousands of people waiting to get a last
glance at the casket. The guards at the
Capitol, who had patiently throughout
the long day held the crowd in leash,
were permitted a hurried look at the face
of the deceased, the cover of the casket
was screwed down by the undertakers;
it was lifted once more on the shoulders
of the body bearers and by them borne
to the hearse at the foot of the east steps
of the Capitol.
"Steaay, men," said General Randolph,
as they walked slowly out between the
bronze doors with their precious burden.
They scarcely needed the injunction, for
every step was guardedly ta*cen and they
consumed four minutes in descending the
broad stairway.
The lime was marked by the doleful
discharge of a minute gun stationed at
a convenient point in the Capitol grounds.
From Capitol to Train.
Thirty minutes was required for the re
moval of the body from the Capitol to the
train. The escort on this Journey con
sisted of committees from tne army and
navy and two squadrons of the Eleventh
Cavalry. The route was down Penn
sylvania avenue, which -was lined on
either side by troops of the District of
Columbia. It was a quiet, noiseless jour
ney without music. Not a drum was
heard nor a funeral note, nor was there
a sound from the crowd which lined the
broad street. Notwithstanding that the
hour was late, the air chilly and a light
mist falling hats were uniformly removed
as the cortege passed. At the Pennsyl
vania Railroad station there was a dense
throng and the remains were received by
large delegations of army and navy offi
cers. There the soldiers and seamen
carried the casket from the hearse to the
observation car, placed in the second sec
tion of the funeral train. The casket was
placed on standards draped with the na
tional colors. It was covered with floral
emblems. No less than twenty cars were
required -for the transportation of the
funeral party to Canton.
Further Departures To-Day.
To-morrow still another train will carry
to Canton a large party of Senators and
Representatives and others prominent in
national life. The three sections into
which the train was divided left at ten
minute intervals. ;
First was a train of eight cars bearing
among its passengers the following per
sons: Cuban Commissioners Tamayo,
Latosco and Quesada, Henry M. Dawes*
M. L. Ailes, Colonel John J. McCook, Gen
eral T. H. Anderson and forty newspaper
men.
The second section was the Presidential
train proper, made up of practically the
same seven cars which made the trip
from Buffalo. The car Olympia was as
signed to Mrs. McKinley. while the car
Kdgemere, which came next, was occu
pied by the President and his Cabinet.
Behind, in order, came the sleepers Na
ples and Belgravia. the dining car Wal
dorf and a combination car. Among the
passengers on this train were the follow
ing: Mrs. McKinley and maid. Mr. and
Mrs. Abner McKinley. Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
Duncan, Miss Helen McKinley, Mrs. Bar
ber, Miss Barber, John Barber, Lieuten
ant James McKinley, Miss Sarah Dun
can, Captain and Mrs. Lafavette McWil
liams. William Duncan. Frank Osborne,
Dr. and Mrs. Rlxey, Charles G. Dawes
end Mrs. Dawes, Mrs. J. A. Porter, the
President, Secretary Root, Attorney Gen
eral Knox. Postmaster General and Airs.
Smith. Secretary Long. Secretary and
Mrs. Hitchcock, Secretary and Miss Wil
pon. Secretary and Mrs. Cortelyou, As
sistant Secretary Bowers, John G. Mil
burn. Conrad G. Diehl, Major Thomas W.
Symonds. V. 3. A.; Senator Hanna and
Secretary Dover, Senator Fairbanks. Sec
retary Burrows, Senator Kean, • Repre
sentative Alexander, General Michael V.
Eheridan, Harrison Gray Otis, Eli Tor
rance, representing the G, A R.. and the
bodyguard, consisting of two officers and
eixteen men.
Mrs. McKinley Walks Briskly.
The third section of the train was de
voted entirely to the accommodation of
the army and navy officers. There were
TROOPS AT PRESIDIO RECEIVE OFFICIAL NOTICE OF PRESIDENT'S DEATH
York was' reached at 11:30 p. m. Ten
thousand people were at the station and
along the track leading to it. The bells
tolled dolefully as the train passed. s
HARRISBURG, Pa., Sept.- 18.—Harris
burg was not reached until after the mid
night hour, but the crowd was enormous
and the scene impressive. The train
stopped several minutes while crews and
engines were changed and the multitude
had an excellent opportunity to see the
guarded casket, revealed as if by a flood
of day in the brilliantly lighted car.
YORK, Pa., Sept. 17.— On passing out of
the station" at' "Baltimore the track was
lined with people. Laborers and hand
somely dressed women stood side by side.
Once or twice a quick flare from a photo
grapher's flashlight exposed the whole
train to view. . .
As the train came out. of the long tun
nels leading to Baltimore, before reaching
the Union stations, thousands of silent
forms could be seen and the dismal tolling
of the bells could be heard. A clear-drawn
bugle call sounded a requiem. At the
Union station crowds packed the station.
Hundreds of people had gained access to
the train shed and they gazed sorrowfully
at the casket while the locomotives were
being shifted. The train, which had ar
rived at 9:34 p. m., pulled out for the west
a few minutes later.
Several thousand -people on the bridge
over the eastern branch of the Potomac,
straining for a last look, could be seen
by the lights strung along the bridge as
the train moved along under it. :Tbe fun
eral train will be preceded fifteen- minutes
by a pilot engine. After clearing'"Wash
ington all was darkness. The train, seemed
to be running through a tunner, so black
was the night. . Now and then the faces
of a little mournful group, bare-headed
at the side of .the track, could be seen by
the light from the death chamber as the
train flashed by and as the little villages
between Washington and Baltimore were
passed the sound of : tolling bells came
faintly to the ¦ heavy-hearted mourners
aboard. :
BALTIMORE, Sept. 17.— Leaving Wash
ington.the long winding train bearing the
remains of the martyred President
plunged out into the darKness and hur
ried like a black streak on its mournful
journey. The curtains of the train were
drawn as it pulled out of the station,
save only for the observation car in
which the corpse lay, guarded by a sailor
and soldier of the republic. That car
alone was flooded with light. The count
less thousands, extending from the station
far out into the suburbs of the national
capital, waiting patiently there in the
drenching rain to pay farewell, had an
opportunity to catch a- last fleeting
glimpse of the flag-covered casket as the
train sped by. ;.. ..-.On
Through the Black Night
Ten minutes later the -third section of
the train, bearing the army and navy of
ficers, sped away, and the national capi
tal had performed its part of the funeral
ceremonies. : • .—. . .
It was just before 8 o'clock when Mrs.
McKinley was . driven to the staticn.
Fearing the tiring effect of the long walk
from the carriage entrance to the car set
apart for her next to the head of the
,train, a rolling chair had been provided
for her. She declined this, however, and
walked with surprising firmness to nor
place, assisted by Abner McKinley and
Dr. Rixey. It was 8:10 o'clock when this
section steamed away in the darkness, the
first section having preceded it ten min
utes. The observation car bearing the re
mains was flooded with light. Through
its crystal sides could be seen the beau
tifully draped casket, with its mass of
rare blossoms, so arranged that even as
the train swept through the night the
people in the country it passed through
might gaze on the sight of the casket
with a soldier standing grimly at tho
head and a sailor, carrying his cutlass
upon his shoulder, at the foot. A guard
of soldiers and sailors occupied. the plat
form, and between them at the rear was a
large wreath six feet in- diameter of rare
orchids and laurels.
Generals Brooke. Otis and Gillespie, Ad
miral Dewey and Rear Admirals Crown-
Inshield, O'Neill, Bradford, . Melville,
Bowles and Farquhar, General Hey wood,
commandant of marines, and a number of
junior officers of the army and navy.
Lieutenant General Miles is to take pass
age on this train at some intermediate
point between here and Canton, and Gov
ernor Nash and his staff are' to join it at
Pittsburg.
President Roosevelt's arrival.' at the
train occurred at 7:50 and was unmarked
by incident. His brother-in-law. Com
mander Cowles of the navy, accompanied
him. :- #•;-¦¦:¦; "
Wife of the Late President Occupies the Car in
Which She and Her Husband Made Their
Recent Tour of the Country.
President, Cabinet Officers and Many Other Dis
tinguished Men Are Members of the Party
¦ on the Way to Canton v
REMOVAL OF THE REMAINS IS
THE LAST CHAPTER OF THE SAD
CEREMONIAL AT THE CAPITOL
IN THREE SEPARATE SECTIONS FUNERAL TRAIN DEPARTS FROM WASHINGTON FOR CANTON
McKINLEY'S SLAYER ARRAIGNED
IN COUNTY COURT AT BUFFALO
AND REFUSES TO MAKE ANSWER
Czolgosz Passes the Draped Pictures of the Dead
President Without Slightest Emotion on His
' Way to the Bar of Justice. 1
Crowds-Gather to Gain a Glimpse of the Infamous
Prisoner, but No Attempt Is Made to Ob
struct the Process of the Law.
"Remove the prisoner." said Judge
Emery, and Czolgosz was taken back to
Jail by the underground route, again
passing the garb of mourning.
Judge Lewis said also that he might
also like an order of the court for alien
ists to examine the prisoner, as the Dis
trict Atorney had informed him that
eminent alienists had examined the pris
oner on behalf of the people. This gave
rise to the belief that a special plea of
insanity may be entered by tho counsel
for the defense.
Not a sound was uttered by the prison
er. He stood mute before the bar ofc
justice, apparently continuing his feint of
insanity, which was noticed for the .first
time when he was taken into court yes
terday afternoon. His curly hair was dis
heveled", and, although his linen was
white and clean, his disordered clothes
and the growth of his beard gave him an
unkempt appearance. Spectators in the
courtroom commented on the fact, that if.
he were shaved, which he has not been
since the day of the shooting, he would,
be a fairly good-looking young man. Al
though his demeanor was still one of
stubbornness, he gave a little more evi
dence of concern than upon his first ap
pearance in court. When questions wera
being asked of him rapidly he moistened
Jjis lips with his tongue and seemed to
endeavor to maintain the appearance of
stolid Indifference.
In bi3 roaming glances the prisoner's
eyes met those of a reporter, who stared
him full in the face. In a moment tha
prisoner's eyelids dropped and he shifted,
uneasily. However, aside from the slight
evidence of uneasiness, Czolgosz' 3 appear
ance was that of a man shamming
Insanity.
* "When the prisoner refused to plead tha
District Attorney asked him If he under
stood what had been read, and, receiving
no answer, told him that he had been In
dicted for murder In the first degree and
that he could answer "yes" or "no." For
an Instant Czolgosz glanced at Mr. Pen
ny, and it was thought that he Intended
to speak, buthe did not /^
Judge Lewis then addressed the coni^
at length, saying that he had called upon
the defendant but bad been unable to as
certain of any wish on tho defendant's
part as to the employment of counsel.
He said that his associate, Judge Titus,
was in Milwaukee, but that he had ap
peared Informally to enter a plea of not
guilty on behalf of the defendant. Ha
asked permission to reserve the right to
withdraw the plea and enter a special
plea or interpose a demurrer if, after con
sulting with Judge Titus, they decided not
to ask tho court to assign other counse'..
The Judge expressed his- regret that his
name had been mentioned in connection
with this trial, as he had been out of
practice for some considerable time and
had a very strong- repugnance . to appear,
although that was a reason which, would
apply to every lawyer.
District Attorney Penny gave notic«
that he would move to have the indict
ment transferred to the Supreme Court
for trial, and would also notice the trial
for next Monday morning.
"I know of no reason why the defen
dant should not be ready next Monday,"
replied Judge Lewis. At his request,
however, the orders will not be entered
until Judge Titus returns, which. •wUl
probably be in a day or two. . \i-
Assassin Still Stubborn.
murmur ran through the audience, bat
the gavel of the Judge and the tipstaff
of the crier soon restored order. As soon
as Czolgosz was before the bar and the
handcuffs were removed District Attor
ney Penny began the formal arraig\ M
ment. He read the principal charges orW
the indictment in a voice of severity and
"How do you plead — guilty or not
guilty?"
BUFFALO, Sept. 17.— Leon F. Czol
gosz, the assassin of President Mc-
Kinley, was. arraigned before Judge
Edward K. Emery in the County
Court at 3 o'clock this afternoon on
the indictment for murder in the
first degree. AgtJn the stubborn
prisoner refused to plead or even to utter
a word or sound, and Lcran L. Lewis, ex-
Supreme Court Justice, entered a plea of
not guilty. The accused will be tiled in
the Supreme Court next Monday morning.
Crowds flocked to the City Hall to-day
to see the prisoner, and the most notable
incident of the day was the hissing of the
prisoner by the crowds who surged
around him as he wasi being escorted
down the stairs, which were still draped
In mourning garb. The strong guard of
patrolmen and Deputy Sheriffs had been
dispensed with, so that the people were
able to get nearer the prisoner as he
passed to and from the courtroom. -¦*
Prisoner Will Wot Talk.
As a result of the urjjing of President
Adelbert L. Moot of the Erie County Bar
Association, Judge Lewis, one of the at
torneys assigned as counsel by Judge
Emery yesterday, called at the Erie
County Jail at 2 o'clock this afternoon to
see the prisoner. Czolgosz refused to talk
to Judge Lewis, and refused to answer
questions as to whether or not be wanted
any counsel. Judge Lewis said that,
nevertheless he would appear for the
prisoner, upon arraignment, even if he de
cided not to accept the assignment of the
court. • • ' -
Absolutely no demonstration having
been made against the prisoner yesterday
the authorities decided that the strong
guard was unnecessary to-day. Czolgosz
was" taken- from the jail' through the tun
nel under Delaware avenue to the City
Hall by Detectives Solomon and Geary,
being handcuffed to the latter. In passing
from the basement of. the City Hall to the
courtroom- on the second floor, Czolgosz
was compelled to pass close to the black
and white hunting with which the pillars,
ceiling, windows and stairways of the
City Hall were draped when the body of
the President was lying In state on Sun
day. These evidences of the city's grief
made not the siightest impression on the
prisoner and he gave no more heed to
them or to the large portraits of the
President draped with American flags
than he did to the questions of the court
or the District Attorney.
. The prisoner entered the courtroom Just
as the city clock was striking 3, and as
many of the curious, spectators as could
surged into the courtroom behind him. A.
SO1TS OF. REVOLUTION
: EONOE DEAI PRESIDENT
California Society Expresses Its De-
votion and Respect in Sympa
thetic Resolutions. r J
The board of managers of the California
Society of the Sons of tho American Rev
olution by unanimous vote at a special
meeting held Monday evening adopted the
following resolutions: . -¦ ' ; -
Whereas. The murderous hand of an assas
sin has ruthlessly cut short the great life of
William McKinley, the beloved President of
the United States, at a tlm« when, with love
for all and offense toward none, his wise coun
sel and strong statesmanship were being exert
ed in the administration of our national af
fairs; and
Whereas, He was an honored member of this
society, whose name sheds luster upon our
roster, and whose distinguished example as a
patriot, sincerely devoted to his country, will
ever incite not only us, but all mankind, to a
loftier devotion to duty; and
Whereas. As President of the republic at a
period which will ever be known and recognized
as marking a new and glorious era in our
national life, he achieved a fame that will
live while j our Government shall endure, en
titling him to rank with the wisest of states
men, the noblest of patriots and the greatest
of Americans; now, therefore, be It
Resolved. That we, the California Society
of the Sons of the American Revolution, do
hereby give expression to our heartfelt grief
at the dreadful calamity that has overtaken
the nation In the tragic death of so great and
so good a. man. As a citizen we honored him;
as patriots we followed him, and now as men
we mourn him.
Let ashes mingle with ashes, and dust with
dust, for such Is the lot of man; but while
the tomb shall hold in its unyielding embrace
the body of William McKinley his spirit shall
live until the end of time, and to tbat cause
for which his life was sacrificed, we, the
Sons of Revolutionary Slras. do upon this
solemn occasion reconsecrate our ' lives.
DOLORES PABIX>R AI>DS
ITS MEED OF RESPECT
Sincere and Heartfelt Sympathy Is
Extended to Stricken Widow of
Dead President.
At a meeting of.' Dolores Parlor No. 208,
Native Sons of the Golden "West, held last
night at Its headquarters, 2668 Mission
street, a resolution of respect to the mem
ory of President McKinley was unani
mously adopted. Brief eulogies on the
character and worth of. the martyred
President were delivered by Edward
Copeland, president of Dolores Parlor;
David Ahearn, first vice president, and
Edward Schultz, a member of California
Parlor, N. S. G. W. The resolution fol
lows:
¦ Whereas, William. McKinley the revered and
Beloved President of our country,; has met with
a most untimely death through the deed of a
cowardly assassin, thereby [lunging our coun
try Into a state of 'sorrow and regret; there
fore, be it
Resolved, That Dolores Parlor No. 20S, Native
Sons of the Golden West, in meeting assembled
hereby expresses Its sincere and heartfelt sym
pathy to Mrs. McKinley in her hour "of be
reavement and it deplores the nation's loss of
Its most faithful and esteemed executive.
JAMES E. DONAHUE
GEORGE GERHARDT*
- -DE GUY SIMPSON. — '
Committee. -
Police Commission Adjourns.
Out of respect to the memory of Presi
dent McKinley the Board of Police Com
missioners adjourned last evening af te~
the roll had been called. Commissioner
Wallace made the motion for "such an ac
tion, at the same time speaking of the
grief into which the country had been
plunged by the untimely death of Its chief
executive. The motion was seconded by
both -Commissioners Howell and Ma
honeyand was unanimously carried.
TELE SA N FK ANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 8, 1901.
echoed by the double quartet choir.
All Sing "Nearer, My God, to Thee."
The venerable Bishop, Edwin G. An
drews, the oldest Bishop of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, then took his position
at the head. of the bier. A gentle breeze
through the rotunda stirred the j delicate
blooms which lay upon the coffin, and the
"peace that passeth all understanding'.'
seemed to rest upon the venerable man's
countenance as he began his eulogy of the
life and' works of William McKinley. His
words were simple, but his whole heart
was in every one of them. His tribute to
the Christian fortitude of the dead Presi
dent was impressive. Upon the conclusion
of the sermon the audience, as if by pre
arrangement, joined the choir in singing
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." All present
seemed to be imbued with a sentiment of
hallowed resignation as the divine bless
ing was asked by Rev. W. H. Chapman
upon both the living and the dead. i
Mrs. McKinley did not attend the serv
ices at the Capitol.' If was deemed wise
by those nearest and dearest to her that
she should not undergo the ordeal. She
remained at the White House, comforted
by every attention that loving thoughtful
ness could suggest.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICE
IN CAPITOL BOTT7NDA
Bishop Andrews of Ohio Delivers a
' Touching Sermon at the
'-"¦'. Catafalque.
; WASHINGTON,lfeept. 17.— The funeral
services at the Capitol over the remains
of the late President McKinley were sim
ple and beautiful. They were In the form
prescribed in the Methodist church. Two
hymns, a prayer, an address and a bene r
diction comprised all of it, yet the im
pression left. at the end was of perfec
tion. ¦
The people were slow in gathering.
Among the first comers were the army of
ficers. General Randolph, In charge of
the military .arrangements at the Capi-
XQ\, waatirst' among these,, and soon after
ward came General Gillespie, .chief . of
engineers, and General Fltzhugh Lee.
Soon the number of officers became too
great to .distinguish them and the ro
tunda began to light up with the flashes
of cold lace and gilt buttons and flash
ing, sword scabbards, . scattered', through
the soberly, dressed- crowd of civilians.
Before 10 o'clock the latter had assem
bled in such numbers as to fill the greater
part of the seating space not reserved for
the persons in the funeral procession who
were to enter the rotunda,*
Just. at 10 o'clock Admiral Dewey made
his appearance, accompanied by General
Otis, General Davis and General Rug
gles. '¦ He glanced over the 'scene within
and then took up'his station at the east
ern entrance, where he was joined by the
other members of the guard of honor.
Opening: of Services.
Mrs. Hobart and her son and Mrs.' Rus
sell A. Alger, escorted by General Hooker,
also entered at this time. The clergy
men and the choir, the latter from the
Metropolitan Methodist Episcopal. Church,
which Mr. McKinley attended, filed in and
were seated. at the head of the catafalque.
At 10:40 o'clock the Cabinet entered and
were seated to the south. of. the platform,
and then, to the strains of "Nearer, My
God, to Thee." by the Marine Band out
side, the casket -was borne into the-ro
tunda. General Gillespie and Colonel
Bingham led the way and every one arose.
The guard of honor on -either side, sepa
rated and the casket was placed gently
upon the catafalque. Next came mem
bers of the family. of the deceased,- Abner
McKinley leading. They were seated
near the head of the^casket. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was not present. Senator Hanna
was with the family, party. • .
Next the diplomatic corps entered, all
in full court regalia, and were seated to
the south. Former President Cleveland,
with General Wilson, his escort, sat in the
first row. Lastly came President Roose
velt, escorted by. Captain Cowles and pre
ceded by Mr. Cortelyou, secretary to the
late President. He was given a seat at
the end of the row occupied by the Cabi
net, just south of the casket. Mr. Roose
velt's face was set and he appeared to
be restraining his emotions with difficulty.
•When the noise occasioned by seating
the late comers had ceased a hush fell
upon the people and then the choir softly
sang "Lead, Kindly . Light," while every
one stood in reverence.
Listen "With Bowed Heads.
At the conclusion of the hymn Rev. Dr.
Henry R. Naylor, presiding elder of the
Washington District Methodist Episcopal
Church, delivered the Invocation, while
the distinguished company listened with
William McKinley: •
.The -distressing duty - devolves upon the Sec
retary of War of announcing to the army the
death of William McKinley. President of the
United States, which occurred i at Buffalo at
2:15 o'clock a. m. on the 14th day of Septem
ber. 1901. - . • .- ¦.-,
The grief Into which the nation ¦ haa been
plunged by the untimely death of its ~ Chief
Magistrate will be keenly felt by the army of
the United States, in which in his early man
hood .he rendered conspicuous and patriotic
services and in whose welfare he manifested
at all times a profound and abiding solicitude,
•Appropriate funeral honors will be paid to
the memory of the late President and com
mander-in-chief at the headquarters of every
military division and department,: .at every
military post, at the military academy at West
Point -and at every camp of troops of the
United States in the field. .
The lieutenant general of the army will give
the necessary instructions for carrying out
these orders. G . :
ELIHU - ROOT, Secretary of War.
Guns Mournfully Boom All Day.
With the close of the reading- of 'the an»
nouncement the ceremony was, brought to
an end. The Infantry, cavalry and artil
lery wheeled into line . and , to the music
of the bands returned to their respective
quarters. Horses were stabled, arms were
stacked, the field artillery pieces were
placed in thesheds and all further work
was suspended for the day. Guard mount
ing and the firing. of the salutes were the
only other ". functions ¦ performed at the
Presidio. ¦• •'-.,••••¦'. •
The half-hour gruns were fired from a
Held piece in front of the artillery.bar
racks, the firing squads being In charge
of corporals of artillery. -At sunset forty
five euna were flredby a battery and a
dense fog, rolling in. from the ocean, hung
like a pall over the post.
At Alcatraz, Angel Island, Fort Mason
and Fort Baker similar ceremonies were
held. - • . .
Tha official announcement of tho Presi
dent's death was read on all United
KtntcH fhlpH at Mam Island or In the bay
of Ban Francisco. The ensign* and jack*
ware displayed at half mast and salutes
were flred by the navy in memory of the
martyred President. . "
All work will ba suspended to-morrow
It was a humble home in which he was born.
It is a beautiful thing that to the e nd of his
life he bent reverently before that \ mother
whose example and teaching and prayer had bo
fashioned his mind and all his aims. The
school came but briefly and then came to him
tha church with a ministration of power. - ¦ He
accepted the truth which it taught. He believd
in God and In Jesus Christ, through whom God
was revealed. He gladly partook with . his
brethren of the symbols of mysterious passion
and redeeming love of the Lord Jesus Christ.
He was helpful In all the beneficiaries and act
ivities, and from the church to the close of his
life he received inspiration that lifted him
above much of the trouble and weakness inci
dent to our human -nature, and blessings be to
God, may we say. In the laet and final hour
they enabled him confidently, tenderly to say,
"It Is his will, not ours; that will ba don»."
Such Influences gave to us William McKinley
and what wa« he? A man of Incorruptible per*
Bonal and political Integrity,, I suppose no one
I think we must all concede that nature and
training and— reverently be it said— the inspira
tion of Almighty conspire to conform a man ad
mirable in. his moral temper and. alms. None
of us can doubt, I think, that even by nature
he was eminently gifted. The kindly, calm and
equitable : temperament, the kindly and gener
ous heart, the love of Justice and right and the
tendency toward faith and loyalty, to unseen
powers and authorities— theses things must have
been • with him from his childhood, from his
infancy; but upon them supervened the train
ing for which he was always tenderly thankful
and of which even this great nation, from sea
to sea, continually has taken note.
Love of Justice and Bight.
Character abides. We bring nothing , Into
this world, we carry nothing out. We our
selveB depart ' with all the accumulations of
tendency and habit and quality ' which the
years have given to us. We ask, therefore,
even at the grave of the illustrious, not al
together of the great achievement they had
performed and how they had commended them
selves to the memory and affection and respect
of the world, but chiefly of what sort they
were; what the j interior nature of the man
was; what were his affinities. Were they with
the good, the true, the noble? What his re
lation to the 'infinite Lord of the universe and
to the compassionate Savior of mankind; what
his fitness for that great hereafter to which
he had passed. ' ¦ . S^
And such great questions come to us with
the moment, even in the hour, when we gather
around the bier of these whom we profundly
respect and eulogize and whom we tenderly
love. In the years to come we will give full
utterance as to the high statesmanship and
great achievements - of the illustrious - man
whom we mourn to-day. We shall not touch
them to-day.- ¦ The .nation already has broken
out In its grief and poured its tears, and is
still pouring them, over the loss of a beloved
man. It Is well. But we ask this morning
of what sort this man is, so that we may,
perhaps, knowing the moral and spiritual life
that is past, be able ¦ to shape j the . far-with
drawing future. ' . , > • -
'Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord,
who of his abundant mercy hath begotten us
again unto a lively hope of the resurrection
of Christ from the dead to an inheritance in
corruptible, undented and that l'adeth not
away, reserved in heaven for use who are now,
by the power of God, through faith unto salva
tion, ready to be revealed in the last time.
The services for the dead are fitly, and al
most of necessity, services of religion and of
immortal hope. In the presence of the shroud
and the coffin and the narrow home, ques
tions concerning intellectual quality, concern
ing public station, concerning great achieve
ments, sink into comparative Insignificance,
and questions concerning character and man's
relation to the Lord and giver of life, even
the life eternal, emerge to our view and im
press themselves upon us.
As the pastor ceased the voices of the
choir swelled • forth j and the rich, pure
soprano notes of Mrs. Thomas C Noyes
led the hymn, "Sometime "We'll Under
stand. The music was ¦ remarkably ef
fective and touching as -the notes came
back in soft echoes from the fullness of
the dome overhead. I As soon as 'the
hymn ceased -Bishop Edward Andrews of
the Methodist Episcopal. Church, who
had come from Ohio to say the last
words over the remains of his life-long
friend and parishioner, arose. He stood
at the head of the- casket and spoke in
sympathetic voice and with manyi evi
dences of deep emotion. The Bishop said:
Sermon of the Bishop.
And ' now, « O Lord, we humbly pray for thy
blessing and consolation to come to all the
people of our land and nation. Forgive our
past shortcomings; our sins of . omission as
well as our sins of commission. Help us to
make the golden rule the standard of our
lives, that we may "do unto others as we
would have them do unto us." and thus be
come indeed a people whose God is the Lord.
These tilings : we humbly ask in the name of
him who taught us when we pray to say:
"Our father art in heaven, hallowed
by thy name; thy kingdom come, thy -will
be done in earth "as it is In heaven. Give
us this day. bur -dally bread, and forgive us
our trespasses as -.we forgive them that tres
pass against us. And leadus not into tempta
tion, but deliver us from evil, for thine is
the kingdom, and the power, and glory, for
ever. Amen." •
Hear our prayer, O Lord, for the official
family of the administration, those men who
are associated with thy servant, the Presi
dent, in ""the administration of affairs of gov
ernment. Guide them in all their deliberations
to the nation's welfare and to the glory of
God. (
And, O Lord, we sincerely pray for him
upon whom the mantle of Presidential author
ity has so suddenly and unexpectedly fallen.
Help him to walk worthy. of the high. vocation
whereunto he has been called. He needs thy
guiding hand and thine inspiring spirit con
tinually. May he always present to I the na
tion and to the world divinely, illumined Judg
ment, a brave heart and an unsullied char
acter. ' ¦•.:..
But. O Lord, we deplore our loss to-day;
sincerely deplore thy sanctifying benediction.
We pray thee for that dear one who has been
walking by his side through the years, shar
ing his triumphs and partaking of his sorrows.
Give to her all needed sustenance and the
comfort her stricken heart so greatly craves.
And under the shadow of this great calamity
may she learn as never before the fatherhood
of God and the matchless character of iiU
sustaining grace. . .
O Lord God, our heavenly father, a be
reaved nation cometh to thee In its deep
sorrow. To whom can we go in such an hour
as this but unto thee? Thou only art able
to comfort and support the afflicted. Death
strikes down the tallest and. best of men and
constant changes are continually occurring
among nations and communities. But we have
been taught that thou art the same yester
day, to-day and forever; that with thee there
js no variableness, nor the least shadow of
turning. So In the midst of our grief we
turn to thee for help.
We thank thee, O Lord, that years ago
thou didst give to this nation a man
whose, loss we .mourn to-day. We thank thee
lor the pure and unselfish life he was enabled
to live In the midst of so eventful an ex
perience. We thank thee for the ' faithful
and distinguished services which he was en
abled to render to thee, to our country and
to the world. We bless thee for such a citi
zen, for such a lawmaker, for such a Gov
ernor, for such a President, for such a hus
band, for such a Christian example and for
such a friend. j ¦•
bowed heads. The prayer was as follows:
Continued From Page One.
This .afternoon sh© gave vent to her
grief more freely than at any time since
the.tragedy.t She Bobbed and cried for i a
long time, and these paroxysms of grief
sapped her ,. strength to quite a: degree.
Still, as stated, there is no present sign
of . collapse. Dr. Rixey was with his pa
tient several times during .the day and
spent a little while- with her late in the
afternoon, remaining ' until : nearly 6
o'clock. After his .last call, he eald he
was fairly confident' qf Mrs. McKinley's
ability to take part in the services at
Canton. She has had a long and severe
bhoek, .however, and in order that she
may become gradually accustomed to the
change wrought In her life by tho Bart
death of th« President It is probable that
Secretary Cortelyou and Dr, Rixey will
remain in Canton for some time to soothe
and comfort the widow in the grief and
terror that must coma when In her old
home: Bhe gradually realise* In its full
degree that far main support and com
fort In Ufa ban been taken away. . •
Among then© who called at th© White
House mirlnar the afternoon and spent a
jhort time with Mm. MoKinley wereMrs,
Roosevelt, 'Mr*, Garretf A, flobart and
Mrs. 'John A, Logan. -
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.-The friends
of Mrs. McKinley aro seriously alarmed
about her. They speck with gray© appre
hension of 'the days jthat-: are soon to
come, when she' will be borne up -.'no
longer by her sense of duty and the sus
taining force of her desire to perform her
full part in the ceremonies that the na
tional character and tragic end of her dis
tinguished husband made ! appropriate.
They dread" the approaching days in the
quiet of her home at Canton, where her
beloved "Major"- will not be near to com
fort her in the reaction that will follow
inevitably after the present shock. It Is
believed -that -she will - be able to s go"
jthrough the services at Canton .without
too great difficulty, but subsequently a
collapse is greatly feared.
At present her condition Justifies the
hope that there will be no break down, at
least until the final offices have been paid
to the dead. This evening Mrs. McKinley
Is considerably weaker than when at Buf
falo, but continues to'bear up with" great
fortitude. . ::: ',..•.¦• • .
Widow Alarmed Over Proba
bility of a Collapse.
Friends of the Late President's
FEAR MBS. McXINXEY
. MAY SOON BREAK DOWN
As the Bishop concluded every one In
the vast rotunda rose, and while the choir
intoned the air hundreds of voices joined
In the hymn, "Nearer. My. God, to Thee."
It was an affecting moment. In the midst
of the singing Admiral Robley Evans, ad
vancing with silent tread, placed a beau
tiful blue floral cross at the foctf. of the
casket. The last notes died away softly,
and with uplifted hands benediction was
pronounced by Rev. Dr. W. H. Chapman,
acting pastor of the Metropolitan Church.
This ended the religious service.
There was a pause for a few minutes
while the ushers cleared the aisles and
the assemblage began to withdraw. First
to retire was President Roosevelt, preced
ed a short distance by Major McCauley
and Captain Gilmore, with Colonel Bing
ham and Captain Cowles almost pressing
against him. The remainder of the com
pany retired in the order In which they
entered, the Cabinet members following
the President, and after them going the
diplomatic corps, the Supreme Court,
Senators and Representatives, officers of
the army and navy and officials of less
degree. .' i . . / .* .
If there is a personal immortality before
him, let us all rejoice that there is immortal
ity and memory in the hearts of a large and
ever-growing people, who, through the ages to
come, the generations that are yet to be, will
lo»k back upon this life, upon its nobility and
purity and service to humanity, and thank
God for it. The years draw on when his name
shall be counted among- the illustrious of the
earth. "William of Orange Is not dead. Crom
well is not dead. Washington lives in the
hearts <and lives of his countrymen. Lincoln,
with his infinite sorrow, lives to teach us and
to lead us on. And McKinley shall summon
all statesmen and all his countrymen to purer
living, nobler ¦ alms, sweeter and Immortal
blessedness. •
His qualities ever associated him in kindly
relations with those who were his political
opponents. They made.it possible for" him to
enter that land with which he as one of the
soldiers of the Union had not been in sym
pathy durinsr the war and to draw closer the
tie that was to bind all hearts into one firmer
and one indissoluble union. They commanded
the confidence of the great body of Congress,
so that they listened to his plans and ac
cepted kindly and hopefully and trustfully all
his declarations. His qualities gave him repu
tation, not in this land alone, but throughout
the world, and made it possible for him to
minister in the style he has within the last
two or three years . ministered to the welfare
and peace of humankind. Will all of such a
man dle? # Is it possible, that he who , created,
redeemed, transformed. ' uclifted, illumined
such a man will permit him to fall into ob
livion? The lnsUncts of morality are in > all
good men. The- divine word. of the . Scripture
leaves u« no room . for doubt. "I." 'said pne
whom he trusted, "am the resurrection and
the life. He that believeth -in me, though he
were dead, yet shall he live, and whosoever
liveth and believeth In me shall never die."
Lost to us, but not to his God. " Lost from
earth, but entered in heaven. Lost from
these labors and toils and perils, but
entered into . the everlasting peace and ever
advancing progress. Blessed be God, who gives
ub this hope in the hour of our calamity and
enables us to triumph through him who hath
redeemed us. ¦ • - • . ¦
McKinley's Great Qualities.
Beyond that, this man had somehow wrought
in him a great and generous' love for his fellow
men. He believed in men. He had himself
oeen brought up among the common people.
He knew 'their labors, struggles, necessities.
He loved them. Shall I speak a word next to
that which I hardly advert to, the tenderness
of that democratic love which has so often
beeen commented on? I pass it with only that
word. I think no words can set forth fully the
unfaltering kindness and carefulness and up
bearing love. which belonged to this great man.
And he was a man who believed in right,
who had a profound conviction that the
courses of this world must be ordered in ac
cordance with everlasting righteousness, or
this world's highest point of good can never
be reached; that no nation can expect satis
factory life except as it conforms to the eter
nal laws of the infinite Lord and shows itself
In Individual and collective activity, according
to- that, divine will. - And now may I say
further that It seems to me that to whatever
we may attribute all the illustriousness of this
man, all the greatness of his achievements,
whatever of that we may attribute to his in
tellectual character and quality, whatever of
it we may attribute to the patient and thor
ough study that he gave to the various ques
tions thrust upon him for attention; all his
successes as a politician, as a statesman, as a
man of this great country, those successes were
largely due to the moral qualities of which I
have spoken. They drew to him the hearts
of men everywhere and particularly of those
who best knew him
ever attempted to approach him in the way of
a bribe ; and we remember, with great felicita
tion at this time tor such an example to our
selves, that when great financial difficulties and
perils encompassed him, he determined to de
liver all he possessed to his creditors; that there
should be no challenge o* his perfect honesty
In the matter. A man of immaculate purity,
shall we say? No stain was upon his escutch
eon, no syllable of suspicion that 1 ever heard
was whispered against his character. He
walked In perfect and noble self-control.
Continued on F^ge Three*
FUNERAL SERVICES OF STATE ARE HELD OVER THE REMAINS
-"If there is a per somi immortality before him, let us all rejoice that there is immortality
and memory in the hearts of a large and ever-growing people, who through the ages to come, the
generations that 'are yet to be, will look back upon this life/ upon its nobility and purity and service
to humanity, and .thank God for it.. The. years draw on when his name shall be counted among
the illustrious of the earth. William of Orange is not dead. Cromwell is not dead. Washington
lives in the hearts and lives of his countrymen. Lincoln, with his infinite sorrow, lives to teach
us- and. to lead ~us on. .. And McKinley : shall summon all statesmen and all'his countrymen to
purer living, nobler aims, sweeter and immortal blessedness."— From Jhe sermon of Bishop An
drezvs of Ohio at the McKinley obsequies. • • ¦ . . ,'
it i OST to us, but not to his God. Lost from earth, but entered heaven.. Lost from these
I— labors' arid toils and perils, -but Entered into the everlasting peace and ever-advancing prog
ress. Blessed be God, zvho gives us this hope in the hour of our calamity, and enables us to Jri
umph through him who hath redeemed tis. . ,
LESSON FROM THE LIFE
OF A NOBLE CHARACTER
Men Kigid at Attention.
The men on foot and those on horse-
read. Colonel J. B. Rawles of the Artil
lery Corps, commandant of the Presidio,
appeared, accompanied by his staff, con
sisting of Captain B. A. Millar, adjutant;
Captain Amos Kimball, quartermaster,
and Chaplain Oliver C. Miller. Colonel
William M. Wallace, commanding the
Fifteenth Cavalry, accompanied Colonel
Rawles and was attended by Captain
"Walker of h!s staff.
A dense white fog hung over the parade
ground, preeenting a scene far different
to that unfolded on that bright, sunshiny
day a few weeks ago when the troops
turned out as an escort to the late Presi
dent. Then the sun shone brightly and
the colors fluttered gayly in the breeze.
Yesterday the silken ensigns, draped In
black, hung close to the flagstaffs.
In parade formation, or "company
front." the infmtry, artillery and cavalry
drew up in a long line, facing Commaiid
ant Rawles, Colonel Wallace and the staff
officers.
The following order of the Secretary of War
announces to the army the death of President
2
Those living out. of town will be sent
a free sample up to September art, if
they will inclose a 2c stamp to Dr. R.
Schiffmann, 370 Jackson street, JiU
Paul, Minn. « . [^
Dr. Rudolph Schiffmann of St Paul,
Minn., who is the recognized authority
on throat and lung diseases, and who in
thirty years of practice- has undoubtedly
treated and cured more cases of Asthma
than any living physician, makes the
astounding statement that he has at last
discovered a remedy which not only
gives instant Telief in the worst cases
of Asthma, Hay Fever and Bronchitis,
but effects cures where all other treat-
ments have failed. Such is the confi-
dence of this physician in his discovery
that he has authorized the announce-
ment 'that all day to-morrow he will
give free of charge a liberal sample
package of his remedy to every sufferer
who applies at William J. Bryan's drug-
store, 3 New Montgomery street.
ers the Remedy.
zi r tV tK
A Leading Physician at Last Disced
CAN CURE ASTHMA AND HAY
Dyspepsia la mien a rcilMra'bla disease
tbat the tendency to It BbouW be gj y§n
early attention, Tbla li completely over-
come by
Hood's Sarsqparilla
which itrengtbeng tho wboK; <%.« tl vo lyitem
The nneaalne83 after eating, flta of nerr-
oua headache, sourness of the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may not be very bad
now, but they will be if the fltoraacb Is
suffered to grow weaker.
May not be all that is meant by dyspepsia
now, bot it will be if neglected.
Impaired Digestion
That we make all kind* of stationery,
that we have our own printing, plant and
twrn out - work that challenge* rivalry,
that we have a factory that produces all
kinds of. ertlKtle frames and mouldings,
that w# have the most expert workmen in
America, making and finishing fine gold
frumeR. This t*g;' the secret of our low
prices. Sanborn, ValJ &. Co., 741 Market
street, • . ¦ •
Perhapo You Don't Know
DB. SCHIFFMANTTS REMEDIES.
f|HNYT0YArP)LL3
*W^— 5£?1 .ifh*,? 1 *^ 1 °V M "MI4UU bait. «. I
VS^aao i market jK&^SSr
rSS^^l&fj^ WE A K
and
Sm|®M WOMEN
*^/vCwp?vJ>*^^S l if i r*i^ Ca.a obtain renew-
•** V^Vii5».v\l3^SS>^*fc ed strength and
/^h j3cwwr5R5rc% > T, lROr by the us * of
*r \ < "HJJCTRlcBxtr*
m ? T \ d . A PP»«">ce». Drujs do not euro. Elec-
tricity is th« remedy! Buy; no Belt until
Jf 0 " 8e « Dr. Pierce'*, for it !»" the BEST.
Thousands cured!
EJrC&ll at offlca or send a to stamp for
5.V£™CI£?£ le *- No - *•" Addre«s PIERCK
ELECTRIC CO., 206 Po»t «t.. San Fran-
cl*eo. Eastern office— 1145 Broadway, Neirt
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO,, -Gen.In looking over our stock of framed pic
tures, for among all the pretty things we
have in Old Dutch. Flemish, and Gold
Frames there is nothing we are afraid to
submit to your good taste. If you love
the arts it will please you to see them. If
you need the pictures It ¦ will not Incon
venience you to get them, for our prices
are unusually reasonable. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. *
Resolved, That we, feeling the great calam
ity which has befallen the people of our great
republic, and sorrowing with our fellow citi
zens tender our heartfelt condolence to the
noble and devoted wife of our beloved and
lamented President. William McKinley; and
be it further
Resolved, That all members of the Butchers'
Board of Trade close their shops and markets
during the entire day of the funeral out of re
•spect to the memory of our beloved President.
Whereas, Our beloved President, having rac
cumbed to the wound Inflicted by a cowardly
assassin, therefore be it
Resolved. By the members of the Butchers'
Board of Trade of San Francisco and Alameda
counties assembled, that we express our heart
felt and unqualified grief at the untimely and
sudden death of our President, who, through
his able statesmanship and moral domestic
life, endeared himself to all law-abldlns citi
zens of America.
At the meeting of the Butchers' Beard
of Trade yesterday the following resolu
tions were adopted:
Butchers Taks Action.
unanimously and by a rising vote passed
the following resolutions:
Whereas. 'William McKinley. President of th«
United States, has fallen beneath the hand of
a contemptible assassin, and In the prime of
his exemplary life and proud achievements ha*
been summoned by death beyond the cares and
responsibilities of our earth and life; and
whereas, he has in all things in his private and
public life pre-eminently endeared himself to
all of the American people, and notably to the
people of the loyal State of California, and
obtained in their hearts a position of profound
¦honor, respect and love. Now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That out of respect to the memory
of our late beloved President Stanford Parlor
No. 76. N. S. G. W., adjourn this its regular
meeting of Tuesday. September 17, 1901.
BRUCE CORNWALL, President
FRED H. JUNG. Recording Secretary.
The feeling against the anarchistic Ex
aminer Is not confined to the social cluba.
In restaurants, hotels, on steamboats, in
railway trains and in barber shops the
patrons insist that the paper shall not be
seen. Former subscribers who have given
orders that tho paper shall no longer be
served to them complain- that their orders
to "stop" have received no attention.
Carriers, doubtless acting under instruc
tions from the management, serve the
paper as usual.
By common Impulse, American citizens
seem to have reached a determination to
teach a lasting lesson to the promoters
of debased journalism. In the East the
New York Journal is the object of popu
lar resentment. In the Middle West
Hearst's Chicago American is utterly de
spised. ---In San Francisco the Examiner,
the oldest and worst of the Hearst publi
cations, is held :n universal contempt. The
notion that business rivalry has anything
to do with the popular crusade against
the anarchistic yellow press is the rank
est nonsense. If every club in the United
States tabooed the Hearst publications
the circulation of other papers would not
be advanced by reason of the exclusion.
In California the people have simply
made up their minds that Hearst journal
ism is a blight on the State.
¦ Yesterday three well known clubs of the
city— the Cosmos, San Francisco and Mer
chants — resolved to cease subscribing for
the Examiner. In each club action was
officially taken by the board of directors.
At the Union League the directors dis
cussed the proposition to exclude the pa
per, and decided to ascertain fully the
sentiment of the cJub membership before
adopting a resolution to banish the paper
from the premises. In other clubs of the
city the feeing against the yellow journal
is intense. Members insist that the direc
tors shall express the club sentiment by
dropping the paper. In advocating this
line of action members assert that they
have excluded the offensive publication
from their homes and places of business
and therefore have a right to demand
that the paper shall not be brought Into
clubs to which they belong. It is
acknowledged that this demand is un
usual and extreme, but they hold that
they cannot tolerate . the presence of the
paper without sacrificing a sense of self-
In the Pacific Union Club a petition to
the board of demanding that
Hearst shall resign or be expelled Is ex
tensively signed. The members also de
mand that the Examiner. shall be dropped
from the club's newspaper list. At the
next meeting of the board tbe petition
will be considered.
Round Robin in Pacific
Union' for Hearst's
Resignation.
Three Leading Clubs Dis
pense With- the v
Examiner.
YELLOW PRESS
IS BANISHED
BY DIRECTORS
Continued From Page Two.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
So far the grief for the nation's loss
has been of a private nature. To-morroy
San Francisco will mourn publicly. Be
sides the special services to be held in
church, lodge room and clubs, the city,
represented by ministers and eulogists,
will pay tender tribute to the memory of
Flans Are Perfected for Public Cere
monies to Be Held at the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Crape lined and somber with its blactf
bunting and half-masted nags, San Fran
cisco is preparing for a solemn memorial
service in honor of President William Mc-
Kinley. Slow to begin the draping of
their buildings, the people of this city are
now using nail and hammer, and on every
Bide the sable decorations spring up in
spectral profusion. —^
CITY WIIX ADD TBIBTJTE
OF SOBEOW AND GRIEF
in the various military posts and naval
depots. At noon twenty-one minute guns
will be fired at the posts.
Will you have resumed your naming
pictures of what you call the President's
crimes? Will vou have resumed your
narrations of murders and your examples
of assassinations, which, you assure your
pupils, have wrought "benefits" to hu
manity and liberty? Will you have re
sumed your lashing to homicidal fury of
the weak-minded, the envious, the discon
tented and the blood-lusting? Will you
have resumed your preaching of the gos
pel of anarchism, crime and assassina
tion?
President McKinley (God grant the
prayer of the American nation!) will re
sume the administration of the affairs of
this Government.
But YOU?
What will YOU resume?
"McKinley — bar one gfirthy Prince
ten person (Cleveland), who came to
te no more, no less, than a living,
breathing: crime in breeches — is,
therefore, the most despised and
hated creature in the hemisphere; his
name is hootedj his figure burned in
effigy" P
And you? Will you haye resumed your
vilification of the President? Will you
have resumed your likening of him to the
despots of iiistory who have deserved and
suffered regicide? Will you have resumed
your harangues that "McKinley and his
Wall-street Cabinet are ready to surren
der every particle of national dignity and
honor"; that "the President of the United
States is commander in chief of the army
and navy of the United States; the trusts
control the present commander in chief of
the army and navy of the United States" ;
that "in a not remote winter the Ameri
can peasant will walk by a window of
the White House begging for bread," and
"a white, fat hand will toss its answer
out of the window, 'A trust can do no
wrong* "? Will you have resumed your
predictions that "there will be an awful,
bloody quarrel between the commander in
chief and the peasant?" Will you have
resumed your description of him as
A few days will find the President fully con
valescent, and in a month from now, unless
complications unforeseen should arise, Mr. Mc-
Kinley will have resumed the administration
of the affairs of the Government.— The New
York Journal.
tles and the disciples of anarchism to
penal colonies. "We need not march the
abettors and the partakers of assassina
tion down the gangplank of prison ships
between the files of military guards. There
Is no need of that. Let the American peo
ple extinguish by their own determination
the notoriety of the anarchists and yellow
Journals, and the deed of suppression is
done.
The Hearsts and th% Goldmans, no less
than the Czolgoszes, will sink into an im
potent obscurity if the American people
refuse to nourish them with the devil's
milk on which they sustain themselves —
notoriety. Not the written laws of Con
gress, but the unwritten* laws of the
American spirit will suppress them. Not
the detective work of a secret service, but
the manhood work of the American peo
ple. Not the police cell, but the pit of
scorn. Give them all negligence and ob
livion, and we shall give them all extinc
tion.
We snail tell them that Klnsr-lttll
fns i" entirely out of date. A ICinpr
amounts to nothinc any more. He
Is small fish compared to many oth
er*. The real King: to-day is the
Industrial Ivlner.
If a man in search of blsr srame
vralked Into a zoologrlcal garden It
would be foolish of him to spend his
time trying to kill a mouse, with
elephants, tigers and lions all
around.
It is equally foolish for an an
archist to aim his blood and thunder
at the old-fashioned little Kings
and Emperors and Presidents
•when the really big men — the real
kings— are so plentiful and so near
r.t home.
In this action of anarchy and assassi- :
nation versus American civilization and
enlightenment the Jury before whom
stands Mr. William R. Hearst and his
New York Journal is the people of the
United States. Gentlemen of the jury, we
submit the case. Mr. William R. Hearst
may desert his companion, Czolgosz; pur
sued by the American people and arraign
ed Tinder the unwritten American law he
may turn informer; indicted, tried and
convicted he may whine for mercy from
the Judgrment of American citizenship.
And he does! But, gentlemen of the Jury,
the responsibility is fixed!
None will oppose Mr. McKinley's wise pro
gramme. These ambitions of the President
'will be realized, as they should be. without
opposition. His EDeech at Buffalo waa an
American epeech. It was a national speech,
t* s free from party bias as the Declaration of
"-ndependence. It outlined tlans that every
good American will Indorse. Great properties
will be added to the national possessions, great
Improvements to the mighty nation whose wel
fare interests William McKinlev.— The Evening
Journal o* September 11, AFTER the assassina
tion. ,
Look at the writhing wretch who is the
breeder of anarchism! A coward as well
as an assassin! After he has directed the
assassin's blow see him squirm under the
avenging arm! Watch him grovel: hear
him -whine; behold the man: Faugh!
To the thousands of letters which are
coming to us from our readers and to the
hundreds of editorials which are arriving
from our contemporaries throughout the
country, we repeat again that the crimes
of anarchy and yellow Journalism are not
to be suppressed by Congress. Banish
ment, deportation and exile of the Czol
goszes, the Goldmans ana the Hearsts will
not blunt their assassins' tools one-hun
flredth part so surely and quickly as the
trip hammer of American sentiment.
Statutes and police regulations will not
shackle tbeir wrists against crime and
murder so securely as will the bonds of
American Intolerance of un-American
eptrft-
We need pass no laws to send the apos-
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Since the la
mentable occurrence in Buffalo,
¦which resulted In depriving the
American nation of a beloved
and respected chief, the news
papers, from one end of the
country to the other, have been
filled -with editorials condemnatory of
the cowardly deed and censuring with
out mercy the sensational and treason
able journalism -which, working on the
minds of murderous fanatics, has at last
accomplished something eo horrible and
Infamous that the minds of men are stag
gered at Its contemplation-
All of these editorials are doing their
part toward arousing a public sentiment
•which will eventually result in a long-de
sired and much-deeded reform. The in
dignation which they have aroused- will
not rest until Hearst, Most, Emma Gold
man and the lesser villains of their sect
are rendered harmlcsi. All classes are
. now uniting in a common cause and the
sentiment of the entire United States is
crystallized in the following utterances of
the New York Press which were written
while the President was hovering between
life and death:
"William R. Hearst, the editor of the
New York Journal, attempts to repudiate
Czolgosz, his partner in the assassination
of the President of the United States, by
abandoning him and calling for ven
geance on him. As tokens unmistakable
and proof absolute of that partnership we
submit the subjoined articles of previous
confession by William R. Hearst in his
Evening Journal of April 30, 1901:
We learn that at Buenos Ayres, far
away, and at Patcrson, near home,
and eUewhcre on the earth's surface
•olemn-faced anarchists are at work
.plotting death to Kings and Em
•jperor*. These anarchists are very
xnnch in earnest.
It seems sad that even anarchists
should ¦waste their time so patheti
cally.
Sentiment of the Entire Country Applauds the Stand
That Has Been Taken by the Men Who
Are Condemning Anarchistic Writers.
Hearst Excoriated by Editors, Who Denounce in
No Sparing Terms the Evil He and His
Papers Have Wrought in United States.
JOURNALISTIC NEW YORK
HOLDS THE YELLOW PRESS
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANARCHY
NEW YORK PRESS FLAGELLATES HEARST FOR INCITING MEN TO MURDER
BERKELEY, Sept.' 17.— The people of
this city will unite with the university in
holding memorial services in honor of the
late chief executive, Thursday morning.
In Harmon Gymnasium. At these cere-
ARRANGE FOR MEMORIAL
- SERVICES AT TJNIVEItSITy
The meeting was closed with a benedic
tion by the Rev. J. T. Wills after the
audience had sung ¦"America."
Let us say to the depraved, vicious and vio
lent who would tarnish our good government,
"No thoroughfare. None . may enter here ex
cept those who are duly qualified."
The lesson of this dark tragedy is plain. Let
us not only stamp our heels upon the vile
monster of anarchy, but look higher and decry
the action of those in high places who are as
much responsible for this cruel crime as the
wretch is that fired the shot.
And when foreign people come to our shores
if they have no desire to make this nation
their nation, let them be driven back where
they were spawned to afflict their own land,
but to let us alone. We welcome all men who
come with jjood resolve and character. In
that way the death of this great man may be
a lesson, but let us never forget as we mourn
hi3 untimely death to execrate eternally t the
causes which led to the deep damnation of his
taking off.
Superior Judge Henry A.' Melvin ' was
introduced and said:
It is time that the pessimists, who from per
sonal mallKnity or from bad partisan zeal
preach that this is a bad country, shall re
ceive less attention and less toleration than
they have been receiving. Those men shall be
driven out who attack our Government. Let
us insist that when our chief magistrate shall
be shot down by an . assassin whose aim is
nerved by American incrates and malignant
men they shall be driven out.
It is a wise and truthful saying that discon
tent is the cause of human progreEs. but there
is a noble discontent that leads a man who is
not successful to examine himself by intro
spection to see where he is weak." and if he
have the strength to make repairs he will go
forward and there is no limit to the heights
which he. will reach. Then there is the igno
ble discontent that looks to blame some one
outside, but Is blind to its own weakness. The
President of the United States has fallen the
victim to the cultivation among the American
people of that icnoble discontent. It is time
that we insist upon the truth that this land
to-day, as it always was, is the best land' on
earth for humanity that I was ever known;
where man has the best opportunity for life,
happiness and prosperity.
Colonel John P. Irish said:
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— The Masonic
lodges of Oakland held a union memorial
service in honor of the v deceased Presi
dent to-night at Masonic Temple, George
W. Dornin, Master of Live Oak Lodge
No. 61, officiating, and being supported by
John A. Britton, Master of Oakland
Lodge No. 18S; John C. Foster; Master
of Brooklyn Lodge No. 225, and CharJes
K.- Snook, Master of Alcatraz Lodge No.
244. The singing was by a double quar
tet ' composed of Alfred Wilke, Ed
Crandall, Harry Baker, Algernon Asp
land, Clement Rowlands. A. * C. Read,
George H. Carlton and Judgf Henry ! A.
Melvin. The organ; was presided over by
H. O. Hunt. "Alter ah, invocation by the
Rev, ¦ William Kelly, pastor of the- First
English Lutheran' Church, Senator
George C. Perkins was introduced, and
delivered a stirring speech. < ¦ •'"
Speeches Made by John P. Irish, Sen
ator Perkins and Superior
Judge 5 Melvin.
MASONIC LODGES HOLD
UNION MEMORIAL SERVICE
A memorial service as a tribute of rev
erence to the memory of President Mc-
Kinley will be held at the Bush-street
synagogue to-morrow, at 7:30 p. m. The
service will be conducted by Rabbi Isi
dore Myers, who will deliver an address,
and by Cantor Salomon, . assisted by an
efficient choir. All are invited.
Church singers, singing societies and all
available singers are earnestly requested to at
tend the rehearsal thia. Wednesday, September
18, at 8 p. m., at Metropolitan Temple, Fifth
and Market streets, which T. J. Kavanagh has
kindly donated for the rehearsal, or communi
cate with the musical director at 305 Larkln
street.
W. Greer Harrison, chairman' of the
decoration committee, reported that the
decorations for the Pavilion will cost
$1500. A. A. Watkins, chairman of the
committee on printing, was authorized to
have 20,000 programmes printed.
Any person desiring to send flowers to
be used in decorating the Pavilion may
do so up to 1 o'clock Thursday afternoon.
Director McKenzie has issued the fol
lowing notice: .
Invitations will be limited to 2500 per
sons. Including the Governor, judiciary,
foreign representatives and consuls, who
will appear in full uniform. The Uniform
Veteran Guard of California, numbering
fifty persons, have volunteered to act as
ushers.
The chorus of one thousand voices to
sing at the Pavilion will be under the
direction of J. W. McKenzie and the or
chestra will comprise seventy-five pieces,
one-third of which will be brass. Paul
Steindorff, assisted by A. Rodeman, will
lead the orchestra.
The decoration committee made a report
contemplating the transformation of Me
chanics' Pavilion into a cathedral with a
profusion of flowers and palms. The last
words of the President, "Good-by, all. .It
is God's way. His will be done," will be
worked out in flowers over the platform
in the Pavilion. The rank and file of the
army and navy will be represented on the
stage, each carrying a furled flag.
Thursday afternoon there will be auxil
iary services in Golden Gate Park, con
sisting of solemn music. The Park Com
missioners have been requested to au
thorize the same. >*¦*
the man who has won a lasting place in
the hearts of all.
That the Pavilion will b« crowded, is
assured. Sacred music with voice and
band and a eulogy pronounced by General
Barnes will be the general programme.
Much is expected from the effort of Gen
eral Barnes, whose eloquence is of such
a moving quality as to be thoroughly at
tuned to eulogistic work. More than that.
General Barnes and McKinley struck up
a deep friendship during the President's
visit to this city. It is well known that
the President held General Barnes in
great esteem, and there was a warm re
turn of affection on the latter's part. The
eulogy pronounced .to-morrow afternoon
in the Mechanics' Pavilion will have the
rinc of truth. ' •
A meeting of the executive committee
of the citizens' committee appointed by
Mayor Phelan to make arrangements for
the memorial services in honor of Presi
dent McKinley was held yesterday morn
ing In the Mayor's office. Rev. S. D. Hut
sinpiller was selected to deliver the in
vocation and the following partial pro
gramme of exercises was adopted:
Overture, "Melpomene" (Chadwlck) ; . open
ing. Mayor James D. Phelan; funeral march,
"Erolca." (Beethoven), orchestra; hymn.
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," chorus and or
chestra; ¦ prayer. Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller;
chanting Lord's prayer, chorus; eulogium. Gen
eral W. H. L.. Barnes; funeral march from
"Gotterdammerung" (Wagner), orchestra;
benediction (minister not chosen); "Star Span
gled Banner" (Keyes). chorus, orchestra and
assemblage.
Judge Cohlan Sentences Two Vandals
; to Six Months' Imprisonment
in the County Jail. . y
Six drunken Mission hoodlums disgraced
themselves and the community by, an act
TEAR DOWN A PICTURE '
OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY
At 11 o'clock to-morrow Dr. Rader, as
sisted by Dr. Jones of the Park Congre
gational Church, and Dr. Day of the Oli
vet 1 Congregational /Church, will direct
special McKinley services for his flock. .
To-morrow evening. at 8 o'clock a joint
memorial service will be held at, the
Simpson .Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church by the Golden Gate Union of
Christian Endeavorers and the San Fran
cisco Epworth League: Alliance. Rev. Dr.
Hutsinplller 9 and Rev. 3 Dr. Adams will
speak. Special sacred music will be a
feature of the services. ;-_- -
On Thursday morning at 10 o'clock at
the Temple Emanu-El Dr. Voorsanger will
direct a, special service out of- respect to
the memory: of President McKinley.
All comma'nderiea of Knights Templar
of California are called upon to. hold me
morial services on this occasion.
It is composed of the following: R. H.
Lloyd, P. P. Flint, Charles W. Slack,
R. P. Hurlbut, L. M. Hoeffler, John Ton
ningsen, W. H. L. Barnes, Charles E.
Green,' John D. Spreckels, J. S. Young,
B. N. Rowley, Hon. James M. Troutt. J.
P. Fraser, Thomas P. RIordan, Martin
Jones, James S. Lichfleld, "William Mc-
Donald, Asa R. Wells, E. F. Preston,
G. M. Perine, S. M. Shortridge, George
W. Whitman, T. H. Browne, George W.
Brown, George F. Neal, W. H. S. Titus,
H. "-. T. Graves, Thomas Morton, O. F.
Westphal, G. H. Umbsen. -
California Coinmandery No. 1, K.*T., in
obedience to orders issued by the^J3rand
Commander of Knights Templar of Cali
fornia- will , hold memorial services 'at
Odd Fellows' Hall on Thursday at 8 p. m.
in commemoration of its distinguished
brother, the late President, Sir William
McKinley. A committee of arrangements
was appointed last night: It is composed
of the following: v
in Memory of the Nation's De
parted Ruler.
Prayers, Addresses and Sacred Music
ABRANGE TOR' SPECIAL
MEMORIAL SERVICES
We extend to his wife and relatives cur
heartfelt sympathy In this their hour of trou
ble and sorrow.- We direct that on Thursday,
September 19. the public schools of the town
of Berkeley be closed In honor of the memory
of the late President.
Resolved, That we, the • members Tof ! the
Board of Education, representing the people
of the town of Berkeley and its public schools,
and knowing the deep interest he had in the
public schools and the love he held for the
school children, feel in his death a personal
loss and a personal grief.
Whereas. We are to-day a nation in mourn
ing for the death of our honored and well
beloved President William McKinley at the
hands of a cowardly assassin.
The Berkeley School Directors met to-*
night and passed the following resolu
tion:
Resolved. That the entrance to the Town
Hall be draped in mourning 1 . and the flag.be
placed at half-mast for a period of thirty days.
Resolved, That in accordance 'with proclama
tions issued by the President of our nation and
Governor of our State, the citizens of the
town of Berkeley be requested to suspend all
business on Thursday. September 19, 1901, and
that the day bs devoted to general prayer and
mourning: and be it further
Resolved. By the Board of Trustees of the
town of Berkeley that we deedy deplore the
great loss our country has sustained In the
death of- him who has endeared himself to a
loving (people, not alone by his wisdom and
statesmanship, but also by the kindliness of
his disposition and his integrity and sterling
worth as a man; and be it further
Whereas, Our nation has suffered an irre
parable loss in the death of Us beloved Presi
dent. William McKinley; and
Whereas. Every loyal citizen of this loved
land has been horrified by the dastardly and
cowardly crime that has sacrificed the life of
our executive to the hatred of the opponents
of law and government, and has brought grief
and sorrow to the hearts of all true lovers of
our republic; therefore, be it
The speakers of the ' day will be Presi
dent Wheeler, who will also preside, and
Rev. George B. Hatch, minister of the
First Congregational Church. Rev. Father
Michael O'Riordan, pastor of St. Joseph's
Catholic Church: Rev. C. K. Jenness, pas
tor of the Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church, and Rev; George E. Swan; rector
of St.- Mark's Episcopal Church, will par
ticipate in the services. In the afternoon
public memorial services will be held at
2:30 o'clock in Shattuck Hall. The call for
the services was issued to-night by the
Town • Trustees and the offer -of Durant
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons, to con
duct the memorial exercises was accepted.
Definite arrangements for the services
have not been made.
The Town Trustees passed the following
resolutions to-niffht: .
monies a common expression of . sorrow
will join all classes and they will pay to
the dead in a manner as fitting as possible
a tribute of their respect and honor and
love. It was President "Wheeler's wish
that the townsfolk be with the university
at the gathering and he has selected from
the city's, clergy a number to speak and
assist in the services. There will be no
procession, but a general gathering in the
gymnasium. The services will commence
at 10:30 o'clock.
CONTINUED ON ' PA.GE 1 NINE.
¦ • ¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
"A white, fat hand will toss its answer out the nwdow: .
" 'A trust can do no wrong.' #
"Then the commander-in-chief of the army and navy will issue proclamations as to the pro
tection of property, and other proclamations; he will call out his army and navy, and there will be
an awful, bloody quarrel between the Commander-in-chief and the peasant."
. "It may be near, it may be far, but in a not remote winter, the American»peasant will zvalk
by a window of the White House. It zuill have been some hardzvinter — a winter zvith the Coal
Trust, a winter zvith the Gas Trust, a winter with the Beef Trust, a winter zvith the. Clothing
Trust. . '
"So priest and philosopher had written it always. It had been wrought out of the wisdom
of ages. It must be so. . \ . s
"'But there he is eating, 1 said the peasant, 'and here I am starving. No more philosophy
for me. I am going to cat.' " . .
"In a few years all the peasants in France were eating— but the King was dead. ¦ .
"So when we hint that this republic is in danger now just remember what a short time m
tervenea between the King alive and drinking and the King dead and the peasants all eating.
"The peasant snatched the thing up. A legend was embossed in gold, saying :
" 'The King can do no wrong.' • • . » '
"The peasant believed it until he' walked, his stomach linings grinding against each oilier
like millstones, by the window of the King and saw him wash dozvn the rich, slow bolus zvith golden
wine. 'Bread!' cried the man at the ivindow. , ;
"The King's man lifted the sash and tossed out a bright riband, saying 1
" ' A present from the King!' ; \ V
"They had been telling the workers in the field and factories, year in and year out, that
opportunity was to the man with mind and.will'to seize it; that men, by birth and fortune, always
would be unequal; that some must be poor and some must be rich, just as nature had built the moun
tain . peak and the lowly ' hillock. .
"Fat city men, reading this in their big armchair^, will grimace and say 'Pooh I f throwing
this paper on the floor. It was done by fat city men in France only five years before the head of
stolid Louis fell leaden to the ground amidst the demoniac shouts of the French peasantry.
rHE following editorial was run in the New York Journal on September 13, while the suffer
ing President was breathing his last. It appeared tinder the heading of "The Trust Can Do
No Wrong": \ "
HINTS AT REVOLUTION
WHILE PRESIDENT DIES
Stanford Parlor Adjourns.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden "West, at its meeting last night
Be Hypercritical
3
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and ths extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root* the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merits gr- r ft?^_ [
by all druggists in fifty- rSijJa5?5£3£
cent and one-dollar siz- s^^pH^Hi^SJ
es. You may have a^^^SS^^^^^^S
sample bottle by mail Home of swamp-Boot,
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out If you have kidney or bladder
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
, All the blood In your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
The kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sick or out
of order, they fail to do
their work.
Pains, aches and rheu-
matism come from ex-
cess of uric acid in the
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouole.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart Is
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to fce considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble. v
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
Over- Work Weakens
V Your Kidneys.
DR. KILMEB'S 6WAMP-E0OT.
b
j I J? I Woman's Gratitude. |
If M\ mtf> H 23)6 R. Street. Richmond Va. ; Oct. S7» 1900. MB
M J/ffl M * **** lt m ? dot y t0 In^ onn Y 015 °* *** g°°& ine °* C 4 ***" has <Jo P c "" aad « doing me. I H
fa tfUT&^v! M\\] "H k* ve k* 0 a *<* wcat timt fanafc troubles and it seemed at times I cotild scarcely bear my raj
|£j \\ MR, j\ av'))J III suffering. At last 1 lost appetite and became so languid I could do nothing but lay about from day to day, wl
W lla UQta * ioaU y m y mother induced me to try your Wine of Cardui, which I did with great success. I have £i
fv? \ae$&P(7'/J?7&< MB only taken two bottles but there is a decided change in looks and feelings. Eg
M >3^V\Vr^lY^ m ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•¦"¦:.; Mrs. HORTENSE STUTZ. g
m f/fflT-J H Airs. Stdte wrote this letter because she felt it was her duty to write K. She wrote Uus letter ¦
m /f0ffl \ k&wj\. I! b««u** * h « wanted suffering women to take m
IIW&^I 1 I M and find the same relief she found. The reputation of this pure Wine resb upon what 1,000,000 cured B
m 1 H women like Mr*. Stutz say of it — 1,000,000 American women who ' know the distress, a£ony, terror 23
m \j 1 n and anguish, humiliation and despair that female troubles bring to a modest woman. We tell you $|
H I \ 11 t^ this curse— this misfortune — maybe banished forever by the use of Wine of Carctui. Wine of §9
|a /^ /it I \ H C* r( !ui will regulate menstrual derangements just as surely as trie moon regulates the tides. It is a jj|
&| A fi I \ 9 — simple, bitter, vegetable wine, perfectly harmless under all circumstances, and used in connection with &»
m / /J I \ Mf Thedford's Black-Draught, to assimilate and digest its virtues, it will regulate the menstrual habit, stop ra
M C*. I// _^->^ ._i-fT I e P*'"** restore the menses when suppressed, stop them when flooding, prevent miscarriage, make ¦ S§
B /^ \\H the period of pregnancy pleasanter, confinement easier and recoveiy quick. Procure a bottle from fa-
M \. your druggist and take it in the privacy of your home. You cannot doubt this. H
r~i >U" "' "" —¦^^» IJQ For Advio* and literature, address, giving symptoms, "Tho Ladies' Advisory MM
Jell. Department," Tbo Chattanooga Medioin* Company,* Chattanooga, Tcnn. rfmjjr
ITake our cloth samples home, show them,
examine them, test, them, compare them, do
anything to test their quality. Such a demon-
stration will prove that ths goods are all wool
> and of good texture. We buy the cloth only
from first-class mills and buy it directly at close
figures. »
It is"t>ecause we exercise such extreme
care in buying our cloth that we are able to give
such a strong guarantee.
Furthermore, we give you good, x generous
samples so that you can see what the pat-
tern is.
We are always pleased to supply any in-
1 terested person with all the samples he wants.
You must feel free to ask even though you have
• not made up your mind to purchase.
\ The prices range from the lowest at which
it is safe to buy up to as much as most men
care to pay.
May we show you some samples of
made ss to=order
suits at $10.00
: 'We sell on the money-back plan.
. Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through .
our self-measuring system', i Write for samples.
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell & Eddy Sts.REMAINS OF MARTYRED PRESIDENT LYING IN STATE.
Continued From Page One.
SAD FUNERAL PAGEANT PROCEEDS TO THE CAPITAL
Courthouse to late residence
on North Market street.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 17.—
Programme for "Wednes
day:
11 a. m. — Arrival of
funeral train.
11:20 a. m. — March
station to Courthouse. *
11:50 a. m. — Arrival at
Courthouse.
12 noon to 9 p. m. — Lying in
state in Courthouse.
9:15 p. m. — March from
! Slowly down the White House drive
way, through a fine, ; drizzling rain, the
solemn cortege wound its way to the gate
leading to the avenue and halted. : Then
with a grand, solemn swing, the artillery
Procession to Capitol.
. As the hearse moved away the mourn
ers at the White House entered carriages
and followed Uhe body on its march to
the Capitol, where the funeral services
were to be held. It was thought early in
the morning that Mrs. McKinley might
feel strong enough to attend the services,
but it was finally decided that it would
be imprudent to tax her vitality more
than was absolutely necessary, and so
she concluded-to remain in her room, un
der thelmmediate care - of Dr.'. Rixey,
Mrs. Barber, her sister, and- her 9 niece,
Miss Barber. ....
' The public had been astir early and
the streets were crowded. Wire cables
strung along the entire route of march
from the White House to the Capitol
kept it clear for the funeral procession.
; At precisely 9 o'clock a silent command
was given and the body bearers silently
and reverently raised to their stalwart
shoulders the casket containing all that
is mortal of the illustrious dead. ••
¦ They walked with slow-cadenced step
and as they appeared at the main door
at the White House the Marine Band,
standing on the avenue opposite the man
sion, struck up the hymn the dead Presi
dent loved; so well, "Nearer, My God, to
Thee." There was perfect silence through
out the big mansion and. as the last strain
of music died away the throng In the
building lifted their heads, but their eyes
were wet. -:•.-¦¦¦.•'¦
Among the prominent women present
were Mrs. Garrett A. Hobart, widow of
former Vice President Hobart, who was
escorted by her son, and Mrs. Russell A.
Alger, wife of the former Secretary of
War, General Alger, who was under the
special escort of Colonel Frank Hecker of
Detroit.
Noted ;WoMen Present.
Indiana, Frye of Maine, Spooner of Wis
consin, McCumber of North Dakota and
Daniel of Virginia; many Representa
tives, including Long of Kansas, Hender
son of Iowa and Richardson of Tennes
see; all the members of the Cabinet, As
sistant ' Secretary of the Navy Hackett,
Assistant Secretary of War Sanger and
many other proir.Inent department offi
cials; Admiral Dewey, Rear Admirals
Schley, Melville,, Ramsay, Evans and
Crowninshield; General John R. Brooke,
commander of the Department of tho
East; General Fitzhugh Lee, and many
other distinguished officers of the army
and navy; former Senator Gorman of
Maryland, George B. Cortelyou, secretary
to the late President; former Secretary
of- War Alger, former Attorney General
GriggR, J. Pierpont Morgan of New York
and John Kasson.
Among others present were' Chief Jus
tice Fuller and Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court Brewer, White, Gray and
Brown; Senators Hanna and Foraker of
Ohio, Allison and Dolliver of Iowa, Clapp
and Nelson- of Minnesota,. Cullom , and 1
Mason of Illinois, Platt and I Depew of
New York, Mallory of Florida; Tlllman of
South Carolina, Qallinger of New Hamp
*hire,: Platt of Connecticut, : Fairbanks of
_ : Among the hundreds of other distin
guished persons who were in attendance
upon the funeral service were Governor
Gregory of Rhode Island, Governor Yates
Of Illinois, Governor Hill of Maine, Gov
ernor Crane of Massachusetts, 'Governor
Aycock of North Carolina, Governor
White of West Virginia, Governor Stlck
ney of Vermont and Governor Voorhies of
New Jersey. Colonel' Stone represented,
the Governor of California.
The diplomatic corps was represented
inpart as follows: Wu Ting Fang, Chi
nese Minister; Mr. Takahira, Japanese
Minister; Senor Calvo, Costa Rlcan Min
ister; Mr. Aspiroz, the Mexican Embassa
dor; Chekib Bey, the Turkish Minister;
Mr. Leger, Haytien Minister; Mr. Gerard
Lowther, Charge d'Affaires of the British
Embassy, whom King, Edward had speci
ally commissioned to participate in the
services as his personal representative;
Captain Louis Bailey of the royal navy,
who represented v the - British Embassy;
M. de Margerie, Charge d'Affaires , of the
French Embassy, who was designated by
President Loubet to act as his personal
representative at the ' obsequies of -the
President; Senor - Pulldo, Venezuelan
Charge d'Affaires; Mr. ! Brun, Danish
Minister; Santo Thyrso, Portuguese "Min
ister : Duke de Arcos, Spanish Minister,
and Mr. Grip, Swedish Minister.
With silent salute they greeted him and
with them he mingled his tears in sorrow
for the dead.
Greeted With Silent Salute.
Grief had usurped the place of joy. As
with solemn and cadenced tread the pro
cession moved down the avenue, the peo
ple recognized as one of the mourners
their former President, Grover Cleveland,
who had come to pay his tribute to his
successor. They • recognized, too, their
new President, upon whom the responsi
bilities of chief executive had been thrust
so unexpectedly. . . ..•„?¦• ...
With aching hearts all remembered that
only a ' few months ago the dead Presi
dent, then in the fullness of life and tri
umph, had passed along that same
thoroughfare to be inaugurated a. second
time President. The flags that had flut
tered greetings to him in March' were
furled and crape-bedecked in September.
The cheers of spring bcame the sobs of
autumn. .
Recently in Triumph.
ing people bared their heads despite the
rain and the many tear-stained faces be
spoke, their grief more eloquently than
words. It was a silent throng. »
Canton is ready for the last home
coming of William McKinley. In other
days she welcomed him with cheers, with
waving banner's and triumphal marches.
To-morrow she will receive him In silence,
with streets hung with solemn black and
with the wailing notes of dirges. All day
along hundreds of men and women have
labored in their task of arranging the
decorations on the public buildings, on the
fronts of commercial houses and over the
windows and .porches of residences. At
sunset to-night Canton was shrouded in
black and bo she will remain until the
body of her best loved son has been com
mitted to. the vault In Westlawn Ceme
tery. .
At frequent intervals during the day
there have resounded from the pavements
th« sound of marching feet as a military
or civic organization made its way into
the city to be in readiness for the duties
of to-morrow and of, Thursday. They
are but the first wave of the human tide
which is to come. From early morning
until late in the evening there has been
a constant procession of visitors moving
along North Market street to the McKin
ley home— a house easily distinguished
from all others on the street, In that it
is the only one not draped In black. There
is to-day no sign of mourning on the
house, nor will there be until the dead
President has been borne through its door
way on Wednesday night Throughout
the day visitors have stood in knots un
der the trees that line the walks in front
or hung over the low iron fence/ talking
low and in whispers as if the illustrious
dead were already within its walls.
As far as lies within its power, the local
committees have completed their arrange
ments for the funeral. Wednesday's pro
gramme Is arranged, and Thursday's, too
if word should come from Washington
giving approval of the plans suggested
Reception of the Train.
To-morrow, upon Its arrival at 11 a, m
the. train will be met by members of the
local reception and executive committees
by hundreds of the personal friends of
President McKinley and -by the following
gentlemen, who have been selected from
Washington to act as honorary pall
bearers during the services in- Canton;
John C. Dueber, George B. Frease, R. A.
Cassidy. William R. Day. Joseph Birehle
Henry W. Harter, William. M. Lynch and
Thomas T. McCarty. AH -were intimate
friends of the President during his life
time.
Troop A of Cleveland will act as escort
Jn the march from the Pennsylvania sta
tion to the courthouse, where the body
will lie in state. There will be no attempt
at forming a column. The cavalry will
lead the way, the hearse, drawn by four
coal black horses, will follow and then
will come the carriages bearing the mem
ten of the family and the distinguished
The casket will be placed in the receiv
ing- vault, but before it is taken inside It
will be rested upon -supports standing
upon the stone walk leading to the vault.-
This will be for the purpose of allowing
those who have taken part in the parade,
and who have been prevented • by their
duties from being present in the court
house, to have an opportunity of view-
Ing the remains. If the present pro
gramme is carried out the' casket wljl re
main on the walk outside the vault from
one to two hours. When finally placed
inside the vault a guard will be thrown
around it and day and night until its final
resting place. Is prepared it will be sur
rounded by armed men. .
A3 yet there has been no great influx of
visitors into Canton, but that flood will
flow to-morrow. At 10 o'clock this morn-
Ing not a room could be had in any of the
hotels, and there is much apprehension on
the part of the citizens of Canton that it
may be impossible to provide all the visit
ors with quarters. Provisions have been
made for feeding them, but if the crowds
are as large as telegrams received here
lead the people to expect, a large number
of people will be compelled to walk the
streets all of Thursday night.
of the crowds expected. Mayor
Robertson this afternoon- issued a procla
mation declaring that between the hours
of 10 a. m. and 9 p. m. on' Wednesday
night no traffic, vehicles, automobiles or
bicycles, will bo allowed on those streets
which are to be used by the funeral cor
tege. The same proclamation asks that
all business, houses be closed on •Wednes
day ana Thursday. .
. This is as far as the definite programme
of the Canton committee extends to-night.
Jt Is their wish that early on the morn
ing of Thursday the body be returned
to the courthouse and again lie In state
until it Is time to ¦ leave for the First
Methodist. Church, where the funeral ex
ercises are to begin -at 2 o'clock, but
whether the family 'will agree to this Is
Jiot known yet. The time allowed for the
entire exercises in the church is forty
flve minutes.
The programme Is not entirely arranged
for the services, but they will be simple—
a discourse by the Rev. C. E. Manchester,
of the First Methodist Church, a prayer
by the Rev. C. H. Milligan of the Presby
terian church and a scripture reading by
some clergyman not yet selected; a quar
tet composed of Mrs. W. H. Smith, Miss
Rachael Frease, J. F. Melbourne and
Ralph Brown will sing "Lead, Kindly
Light," and a second quartet, composed
of Misses Hattle Levinger, Fannie Lev
inger, Jeanette Bayhof and Katherlne
Baehrens, will sing. The music to be sung
by this quartet has not been selected..
At the conclusion of the services. in the
church the- slow march to the cemetery
will be taken up. . ;
Funeral in Canton.
Until 9 o'clock at night the body will
remain In the courthouse, and Immedi
ately after that hour it will be taken to
the family; residence on North Market
street. Canton Post, G. A. R., composed
almost entirely of members of President
McKInley's old regiment, the Twenty
third Ohio, will escort the body to the
house.
The crowd will be formed in line, four
abreast, at the south door of the court
house, the line to ¦ extend westward on
"West Tuscarawas street. Admission will
be by ranks 'of four and the ranks will be
made to move rapidly.
visitors. The casket will be placed In the
rotunda of the courthouse and as soon as
possible the doors will: be opened to allow
the citizens of Canton the opportunity of
paying their last tribute of respect to the
dead President. Large detachments of
mlHtia and police will be present to fa
cilitate the handling of the crowds, and
as the time allowed for the casket in the
courthouse is considered none too long
every effort will be made to expedite mat
ters.
Arrangements Made for a Simple Cere
mony at the Grave After the Citizens
View the Remains.
THOUSANDS GATHER
NEAR THE OLD HOME
Southern Pacific sells round trip tick«f*
October 3 and 4, 587. Shortest route, leasi-i
time en route, best mountain scener\t
road of famous "Overland Limited." P*r-'
sonally conducted excursions via Clndn
nati and via Chicago. 613 Market street.
Last Excursion to Buffalo.
Adopt Resolutions and Order That a
Copy Be Sent to Mrs. l\
McKinley. n*
A. M. Cox introduced the following res
olutions at a meeting of the letter carriers
of San Francisco, and they were
adopted:
Wherea«, Our beloved President is dead,
stricken down by th» cruel band of an assas
sin in tha very prlmo of his peerless man
hood; and
Whereas. "Wo. the- letter carriers of San
urancisco. In common with our rrief-stricken
countrymen, are bowed down with sorrow In
the presence of this ereat calamity and would
do or say something in our humble way to
show our grief and sympathy; now. therefore,
in special meeting of our fellowship, called
for that purpose. It la
Resolved. That tho letter carriers of San
Francisco recognized in 'William McKinley tb<*
noblest type of American manhood; that they
loved him as a patriot, as a statesman, as a
soldier, as a friend of the poor as a wise
counselor, a devoted husband and a Christian
gentleman; that they look upon his untimely
taking off with the greatest horror and Indig
nation, profoundly believing that the loss to
our country Is beyond all measure or power of
estimation; and it la farther
Resolved, That In this time of universal sor
row our hearts go out in special sympathy to
the gentle lady who is left bereaved and
widowed by the assassin's blow. We mourn
with her. remembering only that "It Is GodV
way. and devoutly praying that He who
holds the destinies of men in the hollow of hfs
hand will. In his infinite mercy find for hir
comfort and consolation
Resolved. That a copy'of these resolutions i*
properly engrossed and forwarded to Mrs. 1*-
Klnley. ¦ „ . . ¦
LETTER CARRIERS DRAFT
. * EXPRESSIONS OF GRIEF
It was under command of General Henry
V. Boynton, as chief marshal, and com
prised detachments from the military or
der of the Loyal Legion, the regular
Army and Navy Union, the Union Vet
eran Legion, the Spanish War Veterans
and the Grand Army of the Republic. As
the veterans of the Civil War passed the
waiting hearse wheeled slowly Into line,
the guards of honor from the army and
navy took up positions. on either side of
the hearse and the funeral cortege proper
took its appointed place behind a delega
tion of the Grand Army of the Republic.
Close behind the hearse came a carriage
in which were seated ex-President Grover
Cleveland, Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans
and John D. Wilson. :In a carriage drawn
by four black horses,- coming next, were
President Roosevelt, Mrs. Roosevelt and
Commander W. S. Cowles, the President's
brother-in-law. Then • followed a line of
carriages bearing all the members of the
Cabinet, a number of ex-members and be
hind the diplomatic corps.
Curtains were drawn, so it was difficult
to distinguish -their occupants. Solemnly
the funeral party wound down past "the
Treasury building; 'and Into the broad
sweep of Pennsylvania avenue, and a pro
found silence that ¦ was awful' to those
who only six months -ago had witnessed
the. enthusiastic plaudits which greeted
the dead man as he made the same march
to assume, for -a .second' time the honor
and burdens of the" Presidential office. ;•
The - Artillery - Band-rplayed ,a . solemn
dirge as, j .with ¦ slow , steps. It. led , the sor
rowful procession up the avenue.. All the
military organizations carried their arms,'
but- with colors, draped and, furled.-, 'The
crowds were silent; "all .was sad, mournful
Many Veterans in Line.
band began the dead march from
"Saul." -
i A blast from a bugle sounded "March!*'
and the head of the procession was mov
ing on Its way to the Capitol. The cas
ket in a black carved hearse and drawn
by six coal-black horses, ciparisoned in
net, with trailing tassels and a stalwart
groom at the head of each, moved down
through the gateway and came to a sta.id
alongside the moving procession.
Major General John R. Brooke waa at
the head of the line mounted on a splen
did charger. Behind him came his aids,
the red-coated artillery band, a squadron
of cavalry, with red and white guidons,
limp in the damp air, a battery of field
artillery, with the men sitting straight
and stiff as statues, a company of engi
neers,, two battalions of Coast Artillery
and a detachment of the Hospital Corps.
Then came the naval contingent of the
first section, headed by the Marine Band,
who were followed by a battalion of ma
rines and one of sailors from the North
Atlantic squadron, very picturesque and
strong. As the National Guard of the
District of Columbia brought up the rear
of the first section of the parade, the civic
section, of the procession marched Into
line. ~
:¦ : Knights Pay Homage.
After the carriages in which were the
diplomats followed a long line of others
containing the Justices of the Supreme
Court, the Senate and House committees
appointed to attend the funeral, the local
Judiciary, the assistant secretaries of the
several executive departments, members
of the various Government commissions
and official representatives of the insular
Government. The remainder of the pro
fusion was composed of a large repre
sentation of local bodies of Knights Tem-
Dlar over a thousand members of the
Grand Army of the Republic the United
Confederate Veterans of the city of
Washington and of Alexandria, Va., va
rious - rlligious and patriotic societies,
secret societies and labor organizations
and representatives of out of town or-
SS Tne a miiitary order of the Loyal Legion,
of which President McKinley was an hon
ored member, with a representaton from
the New York and Pennsylvania comman
deries, formed a conspicuous part ln_ this
portion of the procession, as also did the
Knights Templar of this city and of
Alexandria, 'Va.. and a battalion of the
Uniform Rank. Knights of Pythias. The
full force of letter carriers of Washing
ton, . each with a band of black crape
around his arm, walked to the. solemn
notes of the dirge. The banners of all
organizations were folded and draped
with black and all the marching civilians
v/ore mourning badges and white gloves.
Fife and drum corps and bands rendered
at frequent intervals along the route the
President's favorite hymn. "Nearer, My
God, to Thee." The procession occupied
one hour and a half in passing a given
For hours before the arrival of the
funeral cortege at the east front of the
Capitol an impenetrable cordon of people
had massed along the walk and areas
fronting the plaza. Thousands upon thou
sands of sorrowing . people hud gathered
here to pay ' their last tribute: of respect
and oppressive. The people stood with
heads uncovered and many bcwed in ap
parently silent prayer, as the hearse
passed along. A slow, drizzling rain was
falling.' . ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17. -President
Roosevelt, at 3 6'clock to-day,
convened his first Cabinet meet
ing held in Washington. At this
meeting the President asked the
members of Mr. McKhiley's Cab
inet to retain their respective
portfolios throughout his term and an
nounced that his administration would
follow the policy outlined by President
McKinley in hi.<3 Buffalo speech.
After the obsequies over the late Pres
ident the Cabinet, at President Roose
velt's request, assembled at the residence
of Commander Cowles, where the Presi
dent is staying until after the funeral,
principally for the purpose of informing
their -new chief of the state of affairs
in their respective departments. The
President desired to learn if there were
nny matters of moment requiring his at
tention before his departure to-night for
Canton. He was assured that there was
nothing of pressing importance.
The President then addressed his ad
visers collectively, as he had previously
clone individually, requesting them all to
retain their respective positions in his
Cabinet. Mr. Roosevelt expressed the
hope and expectation that every mem
ber would serve throughout his term,
tor he said, he tendered the appoint
ments as if he had just been elected to
the Presidency and was forming an orig
inal Cabinet. The President said, how
ever, that there; was one difference be-
and love to the memory of the dead mag
istrate.
Besides holding the Cabinet meeting
President Roosevelt saw a few callers
during the afternoon. At 7:30 o'clock he
and Commander Cowles left the latter's
residence for the Pennsylvania Railroad
station to take the train for Canton.
Mrs. Roosevelt will leave- here at 10
o clock to-morrow moraine for Oyster
Bay, LI.
The discussion turned upon the policy
of the administration and air. Roosevelt
announced that he regarded the speech
of the late President at the Buffalo Pan-
American Exposition, made previous to
the tragic shooting, as outlining the pol
icies to be followed by tho administra
tion. It cannot be learned at this time
whether or not all the members would
be willing to serve the full term.
The Cabinet members, with the excep
tion of Secretaries Hay and Long, will
accompany the remains of the dead Pres
ident to Canton and participate In the
funeral ceremonies on Thursday. Secre
taries Hay and Long remained in Wash
ington at the President's request, Mr.
Roosevelt thinking that some members
of the Cabinet should continue in Wash
ington.
tween the present tender and that of an
original offer, namely, that under the
present circumstances they were not at
liberty to decline.
Upon being asked by a member If resig
nations should be formally presented in
the usual manner the President answered
that his action at this meeting had pre
cluded the necessity of presenting resig
nations. •
President Roosevelt Requests That the
Men Appointed by His Predecessor
Remain in Office
CABINET OFFICIALS
ASKED TO CONTINUE
CANTON, DRAPED SOMBER HUE, AWAITS THE LAST COMING OF HER ILLUSTRIOUS SON
4
TELE SAN JFRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901,About the only person who passed the
time to poor advantage at Oakland track
yesterday was a trotting-horse follower.
He mixed up with the crowd surrounding
the bookmakers' stands, and, exposing his
waistcoat front unnecessarily, had a valu
able split-second repeater borrowed by
some light-fingered "chooser." All the
balance of the talent made money.
It was the second day of the Golden
Gate race meeting, the attendance was
again large and, as Gusto and Almoner,
favorites in the ring, scored at fair odds
and Flo Culver, and Decoy. were not over
looked, players did far better than break
even. "\ ' ¦• "
First came the 2:12 pace, with a field of
six scoring down. The track is not the
best in the world for harness horses, and
the time may prove misleading. Edna R
was at first installed favorite, but the
mare could do nothing. John A captured
the first heat at 4 to 1 and then retired.
Doc Wilkes, another 4 to 1 chance, now
took up the play and did not quit until he
had made it three straight, insuring, the
healthy end of the purse for his owner,
H. R. Brown. Gaff Topsail and Midnight
w.ere the contenders, the former twice
finishing second. -
Ransch Wins With Flo Culver.
Although Willie Sink's Dawson had
never shown to any startling advantage,
the youngster had J: Ransch on his back
and went to the post an even money
chance for the two-year-old scramble. He
had a small quantity of early speed, but
was easily beaten at the ciose by Flo
Culver, a 3 to 1 shot, ridden by Duggan.
Show honors went to Flattered.
Even money . against Almoner, with
Ruiz up, to win the six furlong dash fol
lowing, looked good enough to go broke
on. The handicappers did wade into it
pretty deeply, and the gelding came home
by himself. Hoar landed Katie, Walcott
in the place ahead of First Shot.
In another six furlong run which fol
lowed the Schorr colors were seen for the
first time this season, Triaditza starting
with J. Woods in the saddle. The mare
.looks skeleton rigged and could finish no
better than third. Gusto, with plenty of
6 to 5 about him in the books and Ransch
taking a trick at the wheel, won all the
way. Flamero blew Into the place the
last sixteenth. Merops acted badly at the
post, finally dumping Hoar over his head.
The gelding then, started back for the
stable, describing a well-defined somer
sault in taking the fence. Appearing none
the worse for his trip, he was galloped
back to the post and went away with his
field, but pulled up with one fore leg in
need of the boiler Inspector." Only a short
time ago Frank Weir lost Ralston through
an accident, then Prestidigitator broke
down and now another of the string is
shelved. . ' ¦ " " '.
Not even the "braves" had the temerity
to back Decoy when speculation began on
the mile and sixteenth run, allowing the
gelding to run loose at 5 to 1. -*"Chub"
Russell took him out in the lead, the soft
going suited his underpinning and Alicia
got up in time to lose out by less than a
length. Llzzella, the 3 to 5 favorite, com
pletely outrun, was a fair third.
Summary.
First race, pacing, 2:12 class; purse, $500.
Doo Wilkes, b. g., by Mambrino
Wilkes (R. R. Brown) 5 1-1 1
John A., b. h., by Wayland W (Qulnn) 13 4 4
Gaff Topsail, ch. h.. by Diablo (Smith) 8 2 3 2
Midnight, blk. g., by Nutford <Dono-\
hue) ......\... 3 4 2 3
Edna R. b. m.. by Sidney (Mulholland) 4 6 dis.
Time— 2:20V4. 2:22, 2:21, 2:26.
Second race, five furlongs, two-year-olds;
purse, $250. ¦ • .
W. L. Stanfield's b. f. Flo Culver, 102, by Lew
Weir-Juanlta (Duggan), 3 to 1 1
Dawson, b. g., 109, by Maxlo-Easter (J.
Ransch), even 3
Flattered, br. f., 102, by Emperor-Flattery
(Hoar), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:03.
Wandering Boy 102 and Jennie Hughes 102
also ran.
Third race, six furlongs, selling; purse, $250.
P. Sullivan's b. g. Almoner. 6, 111, by Midlo
thian-Charity (Ruiz), even 1
Katie Walcott, ch. m., 4, 111, by Prince
Royal-Penelope (Hoar). 5 to 3 2
First Shot. b. g., 4, 111. by Foul Shot- Grati
tude (Ransch). 2 to 1 8
Time, 1:164."
Fine Shot 111 and Corrlente 111 also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling; purse, $250.
P. Howleys br. h. Gusto, 4, 107, by Brutus-
Irish Lass (Ransch), 6 to 6 1
Flamero, ch. g., 5, 104, by Flambeau-Boniar
(Russell), S to 5 s
Triaditza, b. m., 4, 110, by Russell-Bulgaria
(J. T. Woods), 2 to 1 8
Time, 1:16H- '
Merops 104 and Frank Duffy 104 also ran.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling;
purse, $250.
George Miller's b. %. Decoy, 4, 107, by De
celver-Nantucket (Russell), 6 to 1 1
Alicia, ch. m., a, 107, by Malcolm-Viney
(Hoar). 8 to 2 2
Llzzella, b. m.. a. 107, by Morello-Lizzle Dun
. bar (Ransch), 3 to 5 3
Time, 1:50.
Galantmi8 97 also ran.
Amateur Reinsmen Will Drive.
The amateur reinsmen of .Golden Gate
Park Driving Association will.be seen in
the sulky at the meeting now In progress
in Oakland. The date has not yet been
named. The conditions are best two in
three heats, owners to drive. The entries
for the two races follow:
C. E. Park's Imp; A. Jacob's Eden Vale: Al
Joseph's Durfee Me; D. R Mizner's Sable Le
Grande; J. P. Callendun's Abdine; Dan Ler
zenger's Mack.
J Doran's Tuado; Dr. A. McLaughlin's A
B P; F. Qommet's Lafayette; Ed Aigeltlnger's
Bobby J; H. F. Patrick's Lena Holly; James
O'Kane's Al Sandy.
Postpones Concert.
The McKenzie Musical Society has de
cided to postpone its concert until after
the President's funeral. The concert was
to have been held at Odd Fellows' Hall
to-morrow evening, but the date has been
changed to Thursday evening, Septem
ber 26. ¦ , .
INSOLVENT BAKER— R. P.» Stagner a
baker of Wheatland. Yuba County, filed a pe
tition in Insolvency yesterday In the United
States District Court. He owes $5864 20 and
has $1667 66 assets.
I.OS ANGELES, Sept. 17.— James . J.
Jeffries, champion boxer of the world,
failed to stop "Hank" Griffin, a local
colonbd heavyweight, in four rounds here
to-night. He had agreed to give the
colored man $100 if he failed to put him
out. Griffin weighed ' ISO pounds and
looked like a famine sufferer. Jeffries
weighed about 220 pounds.
The bout took place in Hazard's Pavi
lion, which contained fully 5000 people.
The big champion of the world rushed the
colored man at the beginning of the £rst
round and had him down quickly by sim
ply pushing him over. "Hank" was up
and fighting in two seconds, however, and
succeeded in landing several times on the
champion's chest. In the second Griffin
seemed to be inclined to mix It a little,
but changed his mind when the champion
jabbed him in the ribs. He did little ex
cept try to hold the big man's arms. He
was down nine seconds on two different
occasions.
Jeffries went after the colored man at
the commencement of the third, but the
other made a running race of it, occasion
ally stopping long enough to tap Jeffries
lightly before the big man could locate
him. Jeffries went after him aggressively
in the fourth, but the colored man kept
on the run, occasionally striking back.
He stayed out the round.
There was a preliminary of fifteen
rounds between Clyde Burnman, colored,
and Kid Solomon, which was awarded to
Soloman on points. .
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Vivl
anl won, Annie Louise eecond. The Mirage
third. Time. 1:00%.
Third race, selling, one mile— Colonel Bal
lentine won, Waterhouse second, Top Gallant
third. Time. 1:4S%.
Fourth race, selling, five furlongs— Lathrop
won. Ardita second. Lee Wilson third. Time,
1:06%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Tremar won. The
Boer second. Lizzie A third. Time. 1:19%.
' Sixth race, one mile — Tobe Paine won. Miss
Redwood second, Roseblrd third. Time, .1:50.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 17.— Grand circuit races
at Oakley Park:
Trotting Eaces.
The Summstein. puree $5000, for 2:30 trotters-
Captor won three straight heats in 2:12%,
2:11%. 2:12. Country Jay. Leola, Eva Simmons,
Lady Patchen. Colonel Clery and Lilly Sligo
also started. . > ,
The Oakley, purse $3000. for 2:24 pacers (un
finished)—Terrace Queen won the first and sec
ond heats In 2:llVi. 2:11%. Donna McGregor
won the third and fourth heats In 2:14U. 2:17.
Camot won the fifth heat In 2:15. Tonimy
Me, John H, Red Post, Jean Cuyler -and- Xew
Richmond also started.
The Gibson House, purse $3000, for 2:09 pacers
(unfinished)— Harold H won two straight heats
in !:09%. 2:10.
FORT ERIE. Ont., Sept. 17.— Summary:
race, eelling, five and a half furlongs—
'y\va won, Inniscara second, Dolly Wagner
third. Time. 1:1414.
Eixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Barrack won, MacGyle second. Anthracite
third. Time. 1:43.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Mollie
T won. Whlfflt second. Blessed Damorel third.
Time, l:CSk-
Second race, six furlongs— If You Dare won.
Delia Ostrand second. Canova third. Time,
1.14 V.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards—
Prince Blazes won. Synla second. King Dellls
third. Time. 1:471*.
Fourth race, one mile— Vulcaln won, Odnor
second. Argregor third. Time, 1:41%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Dodle S won, Pyrrho
second Santa Teresa third. Time. 1:15«4.
CHICAGO, Bejit. 17.— Hawthorne . results:
Third race, six furlongs— Lady Strathmore
'won. Huntressa second. Judge Pettus third.
Time. 1:14%.
Fourth race, rnlle and a sixteenth— Tulla
Fonso won. Proeper La Gai second. Wall thicd.
Time, 1:49.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling— Terra
Incognita won. George Lee eecond. Satin Coat
third. Time. 1:55%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Schnell
LauJer won, Marion Lynch second. Warren
Point third. Time. 1:2SU-
6T. LOUIS, Sept. 17.— Delmar Park results:
First race, four and -a half furloar*, selling—
Boodler won, John Storm second, Wy Ap Per
third. Time, :57>4.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Paul
Creyton won, Rose of Red second, Kaffir third.
Tim*. l:10>4.
Fourth race, the first special, mile and a
Charter— Advance Guard <T. Burns) won. Blues
•ecoad. Terminus third. Time, 2:0S.
Fifth race, five and a halt furlong*— Eddie
BuBCh won, Scawaiba second. Prophetic third.
Time, 1:08 2-6.
Sixth race, mile and s. sixteenth, selling—
Intrusive won. Walt Not second. Blue Away
third. Tims. 1:48 4-5. Squaw. Garnett, Sir Al
contra, Argetta and Jim Kennedy also started.
1 ™ 1 race< about slx furlonss— Isia won.
Kilogram eecond, Janice third. Ttma. 1:11 3-5.
Second race, steeplechase, about two miles —
Cbeeeemlte won. Jim McGibben eecond. Baby
Bill third. Time, 4:02 2-5.
Third race. Junior Champion Etakee, $15,000,
about «lx rurlongB— Goldsmith. 12T (Turner), 1
to 4, won; Igniter. 110_<J. Woods), 10 to 1, sec
ond; Rockwater. 107 (Wonderly). 6o to 1. third.
,^-lzne. l:ll 2-5. Masterm&n, Blue Girl. King
Ofanover. Emshee, Golden Cottage, Otis and
Port Royal also ran.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.-At the opening
of the Brooklyn Jockey Club's fall meet-
Ing at Gravesend to-day Goldsmith won
the Junior Champion stakes of $15,000 for
William C. Whitney in the gamest man
ner. He was coupled with his stable
maxes. Blue Girl and King Hanover, at
the short price of 1 to 4. Next to last at
the far turn, he gradually wore down his
field in the stretch and. aided by Turner's
masterly ride, won at the post by a head
from Igniter. Results:
Takes Nine Seconds on the
Floor Twice in* the
Second.
Advance Guard Beats Blues
Terminus and Others
at Gravesend.
Doc Wilkes Too Speedy for
the Other 2:14-Class
"Wigglers." !
Well Backed at Oakland
Almoner and Gusto
Come Home.
Colored Boxer Evades
the Champion for
Four Rounds.
Whitney's Great Son of
Meddler First by a
Head.
JEFFRIES FAILS
TO STOP GRIFFIN
TALENT BUMPS
THE PENCILERS
JUNIOR CHAMPION
FOR GOLDSMITH
.- The audience Is glad when a \ rawfama
teur performer gets done. - :
Means to'^move from place to place with
a full, handy equipment of trunks, valises,
pocketbooks.' traveling rolls, -• cameras,
etc.. You can be properly fitted -out, and
have your; name lettered >' in gold { on all
fine leather goods, tree, at Sanborn, Vail
& Co.'s. 741 Market street. ,<• :
To Travel in Comfort
Fourth Race — One and an eighth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling:
2662 Kastalne ..."..'.109 2668 Ringmaster 109
2662 El Mldo .'.'......103 2660 Billy Moore 1 .. ..109
1717 Ulm- ;.....'.. ....109 2663 McFarlane ....109
¦ Fifth Race — Five furlongs,- handicap; selling:
2666 Kitty Kelly ..115 2659 Mountain Dew. 90
2621 Flatterer ......107 2554 Falma ......:.. 95
2651 Little Sister.... 100 2581 Nullah .........115
. 2649 Clarando ....... 107 : 2664 Gold Baron . . . . 1C2
Sixth Race— Six 'furlongs, selling," handicap: v
'..".. Fine Shot ..V... 103 ;... San Augustine. 97
.... First- Shot .:.\103 .... 8aul of Tarsus.110
.... Mike 8trauss...ll5 .... Mike Rice .... .10S
.... Jim-Hale .....116 .:.. DeK Vista .... 94
....: Toribio ....M05 ....The Gaffer 9*
...'.Almoner V....'.:110 .:'..-Pidalla ..'....... 94
Third' Race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
2620 Meeh'anus ......116( 2666 David S .......!lO6
(2666)Sir Dougal ;..'. 113 1. 2663 Rollick .........105
Second Race— Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds, selling: ¦ ' . - .••.-•¦
2652 Mamie Hild'th.119 .2659 Bob Palmer -.109
'2659 Pegalong ...:... 113 2665 Master Cal .'...119
2216 El Fonse 1C9 2422 Luca ....:. .....109
2545 Aphrodls :..... .119 (2M8)Helen Smith.. ..119
2600 Darlene '....'.... 109 ' / i
To-Bay's Entries." '--.- "
The entries for to-day are as follows:
First Race—2:30 trot, mile heats, 3 In 6:
Lucy G Lady Granard
Peter Jackson . Joe Selby
McKenna ¦¦'. ¦ Alevls
The Tout ..-¦.- ". - , ,
Cincinnati ..... ......... ............ 2 ¦", 8 , 1
Pittsburg 7 15.1 . 2
Batteries — Stlmmell and Peltz; ChSsbro and
O'Connor. " Umpire — Emslle. . , , . . »¦
BROOKLYN, Sept." 17.— The Brooklyns and
New York! tried to play oft two postponed
p.ames to-day, but . the second ; was prevented
by rain. New York won the -first game by
making • timely .hits after, men had reached
beses on free passes and errors.- Attendance,
1500. Score: v
. -' '. R.'-: H. •¦. E.
New'Tork ......10 10 ' 4
Brooklyn " ...6^ 15 . . 3
Batteries— Hickman ' and Warner; . Hughes
and-Farrell. , Umpire— Brown. •„:. :
; , AMERICAN LEAGUE. ~
BOSTON, Sept.' 17. — Boston .won - to-day by
timely hitting in the fourth and fifth Innings.
The same was called in the- seventh oh ac
count of. rain., Attendance, 700. Score:
R. H. e.
Boston 5 Si'
Cleveland 0 3 l
¦ i Batteries— Young and Criger; Dowling and
Connor. .
PHILADELPHIA, Sept.- 17.— Philadelphia
defeated Detroit to-day In a^ close and excit
ing game. .'Attendance, 928. Score:
i • R. H.: E.
Philadelphia.: ........... 4 ' 9< %
Detroit ... ..:.'....... 1 '8." 6
Batteries— Wiltse and : Powers; Miller and
McAllister. .' - '• • ., '¦¦..-¦/ , ,
Pittsburg Still Wins; ,
"
¦ .
I NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, Sept. ' 17.-Six well-bunched
hits netted the Plttsburgs five runs In th«
first Inning and the result was never in doubt.
Attendance, £00. Score:
:... •¦ ¦¦¦¦ / •' ¦¦¦ n. w e.
••* u ir "- cj * * lvi " If U A Vf Uff I" fi- A "I ' T" ' X%/"UT\"NT 1 'I3*CI A X^" CCOT'TJ'TV/I X? T3* t> 1 Q inni
xx±Jli,- oavJN JD Jtv A. IN V^JL&i^^J .¦ ¦¦-.* • f\ I * ll f/ >V JliifJN'Ji&JJj^L x j , oxLiJtr. JL iujSLxiiLiix ,lo, . 1<7U1.
5
OCEAN" TBAVEL.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RED STAR LINE.
¦New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Sept. 2J 'Vaderland Oct. 18
Frtesland Oct. 2 Kensington Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. 9 *Zeeland Oct. 39
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Haverford Sept. 21 St. Paul Oct. 3
St. Louis ...Sept. 25 Et. Louis Oct. 16
Philadelphia Oct. 2 Philadelphia Oct. 23
AMERICAN LINE.
HBW YORK. B0OTHAKPT0M. LONDON. PAHIfl.
TOYO RISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan 6treets. at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with cteamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of tailing.
fcS. NIPPON MARU. -Friday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 16, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freljrht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
For Eureka fHumboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. nx. Sept
14, 1». 24. 29. Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redonflo (Los An-
relei)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.:
•teamer State of California. Wednesdays, 8
•.- nx.
For Los Anpeles. calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayticos. Port Harford
fSan Luis Obl«po). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and "Newport (»Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magilalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
end Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a.-m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders. '¦ '
The company reserves the rlgrht to chanpe
rieamers, calling days and hours of Bailing
wiV*»ut previous nctlce.
VI CKI5T OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
eti*** fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIKS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Chang-e at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for ff. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a> . ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
: ife' Wharf, San Fraxidsco:
|@Sl^_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
HSSSgSji Sept. 13. IS, 23. 28 Oct. 3.
Kiiyr^ftwt. Char.pe to company s steam-
HAJSB For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
ftjRFlyjT fHiVn *-¦*¦ Port Townf * nlJ . Seattle.
/^*«EKvSsm Tacoma, Everett and New
**" \Vhatcom <Waph.)-ll a. m..
M Sept. 13. IS. 23. 2S. Oct. 3.
'¦¦'.,'¦', : THE SHORT LINE TO
Watla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City.
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mlnlnr Districts.
D "W HITCHCOCK. General Asent.
No. 1 Montgomery et.. San Francisco.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service — Quick Time.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portlaafl to all points East and In the North-
west.
O. /?- & N. CO.
C0KPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - <m>
Saillr.K every Thursday. Instead of fffiffR
Saturday, at 10 a, m., from pier 42, *S^*5S*5»
North River; foot of Morton street; •L'Aqul.
talne, September 19; La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October S; *La Savole, Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
H. K. BRADFORD. General Manager.
•V J 7 'North Market st.. San Jose.
' Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 113
Kearny st., San Francisco.
. •¦' .. . " F. DE FREITAS. A*ent.
We are developing: more ore every day and
win build a large furnace as soon as possible.
A limited amount of treasury stock Is offered
at 60c per share for this purpose. At the Sliver
Creek Quicksilver Mine the furnace is running
and producing Quicksilver and large bodies of
rich ore are. being uncovered. Quicksilver for
sale in lots to suit.
Investigate this offer.
SAN BEN1T0 CO.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
"Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect." Kill the germ that causes dan-
druff, falling hair and. baldness, you will
have no more dandruff and your hair
must grow luxuriantly. Herpiclde' not
only contains the dandruff germ destroy-
er, but it is, also' a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation Is on this scientific ba-
sis of. destroying the dandruff germ, and
none other claims to be, for the simple
reason that It is only recently that a de-
stroyer of the germ has been discovered
—Newbro's.Herpiclde, the only hair pre-
paration that actually kills dandruff.
Germ Be Eradicated.
It Is Necessary That the Dandruff
TO CURE DANDRUFF.
¦ ¦ m ¦ 4fbk Rifles. Ammunition. ' Fish-
fll IBI »¦ Ir >? Tackle, Sporting-. Out-
ill 111 m. ln B Goods. Largest Stock.
II! I 111 -^Lowest Prices. Send for
1 1 KJ I ¦ U Catalogue and Job Sheet.
W ¦ ¦ 8HREVE * BARBER CO.
?t ." ' ¦: .- 739Market. 511 Kearny
-^¦bv VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
•3S!fLfc-)Ha nave been ln USe over nfty
jHWyHfMWk years by the leaders of the
flttS/^bUTM* Mormon Church and their
¦Psif^HfiBB followers. Positively cure the
WaVw^'* oH worst cases in old and young
CB^wAIrMf ' arlsln K from effects of self-
ww3\)j^m¥ abuse.dlssipatlon, excesses or
' clgrarette-smoklngr. Cure Lost
T-HgfCJrjf '. Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia,' "Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, **, -^ Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner £j fl ous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are JT» immediate, -Im-
part vigor and pote « = ' e; '" :r =ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or,
money refunded ¦ with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP P.EMEDT CO., 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3J
and 40 Third st. r v • >*.
IJU. T.-HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor." Room 1015." Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Main 983.- ,
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
:•' ; Residence Telephone James 1501.
I VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
I gfc 1051 MAEIIT ST. >tt. 6ti&7ti, S.F.Cil.
.H> The Larrest Aiutomiail Museum in the
I —dSb*^ • World. . Weaknesses or any contracted
¦ WSiSi **««po«««l»rlye«r«Jhy the oldest
[»S| Specialist on the Coast Eit. 36 years. (
' mTSSA 0Ra JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
I WSral Consultation free and strictly printe.
I Jt*«r N Treatment personally or by letter. A /
H ]f IS If Potitivc Curt in erery cms* undertaken.' , '
I* // 11 A w rite for Book. FUILOHOPBY of
II 11^' WA»mtmlA«K. MAILED FREE. ( A '
' w ' ' lr Yalull)le book f° r mrn) - .
JDK. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. P. '
Weat Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
treat Mexican remedy, gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, £3 Uarkat-
pir"l"'Ori If! | Comer. Fourth and
9MS a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
7. «." m., 12:30 noon. '• 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m.'. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 cents.
Telephone Main 1508. Landing and office, pier
2. Mlsslon-et. dock. HATCH BROS.
Steamers GEN. TRISBIE or MONTICELLO
FOB U. S. V NAYY YARO AND YALLEJO.
Ctbln. |1C5; Steerage, ?<0; Meali Free.
6. 6. Argyll «:ni:s Monday, , Oct. 14
S.S.Leclanaw sail* Thursday. Oct. 24
5. »*V Argyll eatis Monday, Dec.. 2
from Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Crt'.thi 9nd I'asRenKer Office, ZZO Market et.
W. *. COlsliOK. Pacific Ccatt Afcat.
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
fO NEW TORK VIA PANAMA DWE3T.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS
land and Sydney... Thursday, Oct. 3.- 10 a. m.
I. D.SrSECKLS & BEOS. CO., General Agents. 227 Vaitel St
Seal PasEnger OSce, E43 Market St., Pier Ko. 7. Pacific St
B. R AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
, Sept. 19. 10 a. m.
6 "ff" MARIPOSA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Sept. 21. 2 p. m.
B S BIERRA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And C\fl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, 6topplng at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA Sept. 28IAREQUIPA Oct. 12
TUCAPEL ILIMAH1 Oct. 26
These 6teamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chang* at Acapulco or 'Panama.) ! Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOCR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceanrcs.s.c©4as
THE • EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM:
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fels-Naptha
i I This Slore Will Be Closed \AU Day Thursday t September igth. | %
j: 1 ' : '" •- ¦• - ; •' ' - :: r ' ' ' I
g Irish Point ' B _ „ — ¦Wj^'M^ Bl B 1 1M & Extra Special *
jtf We have secured » f. w hundred Irish Point H 9H JP3 Wlft 9^^ ***^^l BH BBS JH " da >" onl X» "> • 14-C If
t£ Squares and Orclcsj all new, pretty designs; Bn HBH^rV - . BW^SH Lennox Soap — To-day, 9 bars 25c «*
K sizes 11X12 and 8x8; so nice for ths tops ot" Bl Bt^^». g ' *tflb ¦ 4t&* * W& Strykcr's Sand Soap— 15 bars 50O r «
X tablet, flower stands, etc.; certainly worth 15c f^ TKT BU"4f^ Kr*^^ "ft-ifa Grape-Nuts — To-dav, z pkgs 25o 1%
V and ioc each,- which, we W.11 place on special ... tr . AnMIA1c . ADficcT AMCDirA'ft nDAWnPCT «TnDF: ' V n " da B "««**— To-'W. p=r pkg SO )*
sale Wednesday only _ CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST—AinERICA 5 UKAINUfcb 1 SlOKfc Jams and Jc lies— New make. . To-day, jar 9
* 7c anu 12c ,-¦' . .: .i5o i
» _ i : __ : —^ — _ ; __ : : — : — : j«
I To-day "we will give to each visitor to The Emporium a copy of the |
I New York Herald of April 15, 1865, containing the first accounts of President |
| Lincoln's assassination^ / These papers are reproduced from one of the two |
| sets of original plates now known to be in existence. They are very jl
| interesting mementoes at this "time. : We will mail a copy free to any ad- I
I dress, ¦"•outside of city, that is sent to us. - |
* Special Sale of An Importer's Sample Line New Tailor |
*° a fraction of their real worth', 1000 Lace Cur- #)«« TT**—, 3"9 "ZXlff all-wool Pebble "5
5 tain Samp es, sent out from Europe for the ¦ ¦.%JMM. %9[3*5%Mm€mM %9€M.U%S> # €^~*^«rjf » Cheviot new Tailor -. lp^5^i jj
| traveUng rr^ca to sell irora. The importers; are C " v^^^s. E 'New York's heading -importers ; havc sold US, at Dress, mafe exactly - *
ft through with them, : and we got them at our -fftfSa'*^vrV^J Jfes^ . . - • ' t l • i_ like oictur^- tr : m ¦ «
Jf „„,„ ;L- , ' 6 ' trfM^Ju^*h$$l®&< much; ess than cost; to v import,, nearly; I ooo high- "« picture, «f-m- /"JA/J^ x
£ own price. *». ... - ...... , 1 t j n r* n 1! • i 1 med Wlth half-inch • / \ ««
X The assortment includes Irish Point, Brus- ' \j<$& Y%^^J?>^J: class Lace and Rcver Collars;- their 'complete sample $trap8 . of « gnaran . tl 9
tf s;ls and Calais Corners; 1 ar.d\ ijf yards -^^^1 ' P&iMJf ' Hne, no t WO alike, comprising Grass Linen Collars, teed-to-wear" sat"n- / f «( A "5
*» Jong; good wdth, from 2 to 10 alike; in S^jj ,' • \l$jM Batiste Collars, ChifFon ' Collars, ,Rio Venise has aU the modish- LMM ' 9
•» pa - rs for sa;h curtains, short windows and odd .- »£llf>S\ « ¦ r)ris&''li - /^ 11 ' r» 1 t '" i_ ' • '- " i_ c_"- I nesa all the ona'itv I 7^^^\ ' tt
1 p'aces; extra good values. At the special sale • -. ftfiST Collars. Bolero Jackets, etc., worth from. 5 oc to *,o the K ; i X 5
» prices,. Wednesday and Friday—,- .;•. _M ' ' »| •' each in the regular way. '. On special sale, .beginning d re ss for which the \U W •{
»t SOo to $2.00 Each. . - to-day, at from one-third to one-half taiion win charge. jf. x
K .;¦ ' •¦' " "••• ¦ : tV' tlf- actual values — twice tne p" ce » to " \ ¦ $
! St Hf T u m^! or : ; ll^lllSlililiP- '$22 so (fr^%, %
% Wash Silks* ;;.-•;., $ i .00 and j 1. » s collar. 48c m jl^ jv » \/ II \K jt
K About 3500 yards of the best quality" of $*S° CoUars.. . . . . / '.". ..... .". 68O 13-^5 and $3.50 Collar. $1.38 %l°'^J 2 ',^'b C ?/ . \^ $
5 Corded Was.i Silks, our latest importation this 1 1-75 »nd $2.oo.Co'lar» J ......... ...89 * 14-00 to $5.°° Collars..-. $1.98 915 & 9iS.^J V J|
V season; stripes, checks and plaids; in all popu- $*.*5 and |a. 5 o CoUm..-; 98O $S-oo to | 7 . 5 o Collars .......... .92.68 Stlk-UnBti ( / 9
* larsty'cs an jgooi colorings, such as blue, pink', 5a.7S and $3.00 Collars.. !.; $1,18 $ 7- 5°*° $ao. 00 Collars. ........ .$3. 68 Samolo ' - *
" . Nile, lavender, gray, navy, tan, etc.; absolute- ' Mf^ -'•. ''*"'" ' a???? t 9
1 igi?spini riii (?"* " ' **** * " M " '»"¦?>'" ¦ " w ' ¦ * m> *o ssyT- ** u p sp % — \
K * '' ".' " * •••••••".••• J-: , are slightly mussed and soied, but most ot th m Jf
1? *m m ¦ »¦• »'^*« ¦ '¦«¦' ' ~ !L -«Z** > * > O < v^k. are ncw an<^ ver Y fi ne fackets. Your choice, 9
* Carlsbad China f Jt • • the i ot ]..» ....... &'? y*c~ \
I Dinner Ware. 1 PxIIJLIEH^^^^I ! " 3.
J? . "". • ' ' &•¦ _ - "©^- E5^^r ¦ i P airs ot * Ladies* Parent Vamp Strap Sandals, Jf
* _ , ,„. , , x ¦'¦ , '"'¦ ¦ , ¦> . m ¦ _ . ' V 21^^^// h^S&r w 'th Louis XV heels and hand-turned soles; 9
•a To-day (Wednesday) only, we place on sale m ' * mitVV < rnr vi^^< ¦¦ • " j -j l i t * -9
f» u u • c i . e Z. , ,„,' VJ tt^iv^iW^k^^lln^y , all sizes and widtns; regularly Si. 75 p.'r pair. "Z
fc" thebaanceof a large stock of Carlsbad China w V¥gCdil.™SCJyCt3^ w . n .. Hjlv onlv ' '3 ft
JC Dinner Ware at OnO-tMl* ft Off the -•¦?Bk-X.i, ?^L O % <T -v^nesaay oniy> 'Sfm33 %
J» marked prices, which make it . ..'¦ t&. 1 a- • I \u •"*
jf cheaper than white china. Thschinaware is j^~^ xff\. Jri~ \\ Ladies Lace 3hoes g««»^-
•f daintily decorated in light green -flowers, and ! , f . vv .¦ .{ i ! y^O^^N Ir^^^^^l^/^} \ - -An assorted lot ot loj #
* consists of Pates, Cups and Saucers, Bone < ' ' I (H v" r ' \ \ ' •# I pairs, some cf them **-JO 9
ft P ates, covered Vegetable Dishes, Pickle Dishes, ?fL - ' -f^ il\^*I* ''V _^# /? \i - ? tox calt, with ths ne* <\ll jj
1/ Meat Plattijrs, etc. ;;, Being out of some of the M "- V I^XF|lDltlOri\Ol AWLpOTtGCl , "J??, w^h / P$&\ "'
Jf/the C< baia°ncTof thfs ' ipid- KUin^ fin^carisba" . *•» Pattern^^fatsTaxkck^lillirierv ' v - c - t °p\ a " i ° thtr3 'A'.-JWk 3
ft China at . -. . t .». * •»*!.«?* MM~^mM.%M%^i r* lu \ * Ulilllvi/ vici kid with dull mat I \ H^"^^^ .f
)£ . %MnC m m mrtm C/I7* • --*^ -^ " I >V ==^^~ extension to'ei and Cu- tsv Si °5
J» ' — "' — ~ — » 'ALL ARB7 INVITED • *^~*~^"~~-s^ n heels; all sizes and '%
Jf Onenintt BarUainS % >'"" " /' «"V^ widths; regular price \ \ x
X *"§**""'"& ¦^ m ~ mmm af •"¦¦¦•* J ( y — >— —-^ $i-S o rer f ar - On \ "'*
S Children's Den' tw ' rl '¦ '*% : -^ ' *± • wedn«day O n!y \ %
K Children's Fall >^— *v \j^^^^^^^^0 ~ *^«»^pwwi»^wfBpp^^^rT| j co ftC '5
3 ? res n se ; S 7 M r de of; «tfi Writing Tablets. Silverware Sale. % * 3
if fine cheviots; in as- *®&r»r m o • M r% ¦ m X
* sorted p'aids;- lined *" special Bargain, *lfPrZ&, siver- Framed Pictures. : 5
*f fV,rr,,«K«,t .I,-. C V %J In letter, note and packet sizes— fins Writing rf^g^S^MsL _S) plated Tea- •-•**"»-•• • **»»**# &j.
| throughout; sizes for ||^||kg Tableu in satin wove, kid or lin» finish *m£nmi^ mn %^0>' ¦ fpoom, II ¦ IW5^ Hand.ome 9
2 ages 4 to 14 years; ra,^S^^^ F a P er - Special to-day only, each. ... _ _^^^^^^S, Table- h^^S^T"*"?)^}?^ S Water - Co'or fac- Jj
ti Style as in picture. •' • •• • *"» 3^= ?:g °^^^^^/ spoons and l|m^^^^^ M simil es — figure
I Today, any .$BE!& LittUOr SpCCI^IS. W^^'W^V^ »
* S C mM^k Cedar Sn Whlskey-Regularly $2.50 per SS^^^P plated on j ||l^j!Syfe U Y '" '2
K All-Wool G r e t C h e n i||aal|s££3& gallon, the best value ever offered. At to- nickel, in I '^kpf/^J^^-J B bhck oak $ si " %
J Coats— For children, 1, 2 < <||g*gjg?ga day's tpecial price. m f%*% the very P°P u:ar beaded patterns, a limited v^ M^^7^*>7 IS 9 X 9 inches; rcgu- It
% and 3 years of age; colors ¦3*1 b3U quantity only. On Special Sa'e Wednesday at W/W^^!t li^rlv ?oc each "J
»£ —blue, tan and red; full Wj Holland Gin— 75c bottles. To-day. 60O these amazingly low piice;: ir«4^^/\FS Picture and Fram- x
line; large collar, neat y OJf Imported Ginger Ale — (Cantel & Coch- . ' 6 Teaspoons for 4&O 'iij|Tp^|f*^ { B to-cay *«
Special a« I^bJ^*^ rane's) — Regularly $1. 60 a doz;n. To-day 6 Tablespoons fcr Q6C nmvm\^t^l '^ £S *9 O °*
J»- price v&%£ 9^^ on y $1.50 6 Medium Forks for Q8O HTSCa 9
I A Lively Clothing Sale Don't Miss it I |
g Our Clothing buyer, who is still in New York; chanced upon a large lot of Men's and. Boys' Clothing, 3
if which he practically bought at his own price and rushed out to us by fast freight, to keep things humming in 3
I the Clothing Department until the regular lines have all arrived. Everything included in this purchase is of the 3
»? correct weight, color and style' for Fall and Winter wear, and is strictly up to date in every particular. It includes 3
v such bargain^ as: , ? 3
f Men's $12.50, $15 and $16.50 Suits, for. $9.35 Boys', $3 Doublc-Brcastcd 2-pieec Suits, lor. ..... .$2.38 3
f Men's Pants,Uie $5 kind, lor............... 1 ! ..$2,68 Boys' $7.50 Short or Long Pants Suits, lor. .$4.95 i
$ Men's $15* King George Overcoats for. ..... ... $9.85 Boys' $7.50 All- Wool Vestee Suits, for $4.15 3
I Furniture arid Carpet Specials Wednesday. |
K BotffOOtn Stiite of six pieces; bedstead, bureau, washsrand, rocker, Chiffottiei* — Solid Golden Oak, 40 inches wide, with five deep drawers, 9
$ table and chair; oak, handsomely- carved, well made AAA #$#! ' swell front, shaped plate mirror/ regularly J20; special jfc'fJt ff%ff% 3
* 'and finished,, regularly $40; special to-day. ....;.,.... to-day only. ..:.... *P B*S"mQJiLJ 9
* Ladies' Desk— Go\den oak, French legs, -neatly .carved gk<v f%f% Tapestry Brussels Carpet — Heavy quality, good-wsaring car- ji ¦
IS and hand polished, regularly $ 10; to-day.. . . ; . . . . . ... . . *f> * * "" petj-.in a large variety of colorings and patterns; sewed, laid and f**} 1 g% %
Jf 200 Smyrna Rugs— Strictly all wool; sizs 30x60 TEZ lined, regularly 85c a yard; special to-cay only! O^^C? % 9
X inches, reversible, regularly 53.00 each'; special to-day only. *pMm M& LSttoieum— New designs to-day;per square yard. . . x
y^wv\. > vwvwwwwwwwww»<
J »[§J&f8Br injection. I
I A PERMANENT CURE \
1 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
C dajs ; nc other treatment required. - 5
C' Sold- by all druggists. . 5
You can't believe until
I you try what Fels-Naptha
: soap will do clothes-wash- V
ing and house-cleaning:
This remarkable, soap,
Fels-Naptha, takes dirt out
of clothes in half usual time
with half usual work, and
the clothes last longer,
without boiling or scalding
a single piece.
Fact, or the money re-
turned by the grocer you
buy it from.
: Pels ft Co.
J PWUdelphi. Gray, r^^ftrth (Inc.).
* I'' ' JJWEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. :
Addrtti All Come imitations to W. 8. LEAZE, Ktntger.
MAVAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»» 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICB. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson. St.
Telephone Press 2O2. .
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per .Week.
Sln&rle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms" by Mail, Including I'ostaffei - *
DAJLT CALL (including Sunday), one year....... .18.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months... S.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), I i_onths 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month....:... 65e
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year X.CO
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICB 1118 Broadway
. C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
, If atsgtr Foreign AdTertitinp, Kar^nettt Bulling, Chit'gt. *
(Long- Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.\. .Herald Square
. NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE5 B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bulldlnff
Keer lookins young .and save your hair, it
color arid heauty. with. Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns,' the best cure for corns. ; 15 eta.
CORONADO TENT . CITT, : Coronado Beach.
Cal..- will ;toe the popular summer resort this
teaeon. • ¦, It ¦ became famous last year - for com
fort," entertainment and '. health. ; ¦• Its . splendid
cafe was a" wonder, the fishing - unexecelled." '
President Roosevelt has announced that he is not
a candidate for the Presidential v nomination in 1004/
but it will be remembered he was not a^candidate for
the Vice Presidency in 1900, but none the less ; it
came his ~ way; • -' -^ " . .. . -
.A short time ago the manufacturers of *• Georgia
adopted', resolutions favoring restrictions upon child
labor, and now ; those of South Carolina havetaken
similar action. Thus it- will be seen that the South
is.;, catching up with the. rest of^ the ¦Union all along
me line* * • /: , ' . f - . -. ¦ t ',' . - ¦* - •;--..- .!-_'-.-
.; "Go Away Back and Sit Down."
I It is said that certain people cannot sing this
song, but anybody can go away back East anc
sit down lrr'the comfortable trains of the Nicke
Plate Road. These trains catry Nickel Plati
Dining Cars In which are served American Clul
Meals at f roni 35c; to |1.00 each. Call or writi
for free book. showing views of Buffalo Pan
American Exposition. ' Jay TV. Adams, P. C
P. A..' 37 Crocker. Bids- San Francisco CaL
It is now stated that the cause of the troubles in
Colombia is the business disturbance caused by the
depreciation of the paper money of the,.country. It
is another case of a whole people needing the. gold
A Chicago woman of the smart, set has announced
that at her forthcoming ! wedding young ladies will
act as ushers as .well as bridesmaids, and \ the cere
mony will be' performed. by a lady preacher. Just
why she did not finish-; the innovation by getting a
woman. for bridegroom is. not stated. -
.An ordinance has been adopted by tb«
town council of Yorkville, S. C. makinj
It a misdemeanor for any person to fe«
seen staggering on the streets of tha
town.' v
- We believe that Governor Gage : will be
making ' a grave mistake S if he j permits
the action to stand of- the -Board of Man
agers of the Home for Feeble Minded at
Glen Ellen - in removing Dr. .. Osborne . to
make "place for one Dr. Lawlor.'who is
said to be a man of unsavory reputation.
Dr. Osborne has been at the head of the
home for over fifteen years, and during
all that time has, never been interfered
with,' because - be gave ; eminent , satisfac
tion, and because of a desire on the part
of; the authorities to keep < the place en
tirely out of politics. Much indignation
Is felt all over the State at this action of
the .Board of :. Managers, and the people
call upon ; the; Governor to" rectify the
outrage by, demanding the reinstatement
of 'Dr. Osborne.- .
Downieville Messenger.
Gage Still the Target.
The contest in the Democratic carnp in Massachu
setts between the Boston machine that is supporting
Josiah' Quincy and the rural backers of Gamaliel
Bradford has gone so far that the latter are insisting
that if Gamaliel be elected he "will lift the cover off
the State House and show the people what is going
.Four Aces
Are In every pack of cards we sell. Qual
ity is in them, too, and fair prlc.es are 01
them. We keep all styles of backs anc
also the largest ; assortment of pokei
chips, dice, game counters and tally card!
to be found in the city. Sanborn, Vail £
Co., 741 Market street. . ; ¦:. ;<:;';<*.,
When in order to reduce the surplus in the treas
ury, and add to the amount of money in circulation
Secretary. Gage announced that; he would purchase
$20,000,000 of United States bonds, a firm of brokers
in New York ; offered him $10,090,000. of municipal
bonds; which shows that a keen business instinct is
riot. always accompanied by sound horse sense.
Special information supplied, daily t<
business . houses and public men by th<
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out best eyeglasses, specs, 10c tc
40c. : Look out for 81 Fourth, front of bar
ber and grocery. •
' Closed. Thursday.
W. S. Townsend, 639 Market street. •
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hoti
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.
The results of the Chicago law requiring applicants
for positions" as .'teachers in the public schools- to pass
a physical examination are said to have been so
good that there is talk of adopting a similar rule- in
New York and' Philadelphia;.:, and if the movement
continue there will- probably come a time when no
young woman can get a job as school mistress until
she. demonstrates an ability to knock out a school
board.
The price of potatoes in the East has been so high
for some time past that the newspapers have been
seriously discussing the advisability of using some
sort of substitute for them. This is certainly a curious
condition to prevail in any part of the United
States. We used to be told that the Irish came to
this country because they w could get nothing but
potatoes ¦ at home, but now if they have to
hunt a substitute for the potato itself when they
get here they will probably come to the conclusion
that the country is a gold brick. , • ..
The President was shot a few minutes
before 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon. The
Call,' published in San Francisco, next daj
devoted eight illustrated pages to the tra
gedy. A well drawn figure of the natlor
in sorrow covers' the first page, an imag
inary picture of the firing of the shot is
the inain feature of the second, a.plctur*
of the Temple of Music the third, illus
trated biographies of McKinley.' and
Roosevelt the fourth and fifth, pictures oi
Mrs. McKinley. Secretary -Hay. tht
White House, the McKinley home, the
Emergency Hospital at the Pan-American
and the Milburn homestead in Buffalo are
scattered through the other pages. Cer
tainly so. far as illustrations go the read
ers of The Call were well served. As foi
reading matter, it seems that The Call
covered every possible source of informa
tion available in. the East, with some puri
gent additions, such as the burning ir
effigy of Mr. Hearst, the owner of th<
San Francisco Examiner, the New Yorfc
Journal and~ the Chicago American, bj
citizens of Hanfcrd, Cal., who chose tc
express In thatjvay. The Call says.'theii
indignation .at~~ "un-American newspa
pers." . .
Post-Standard.
E.. O. McCormick, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company, re
turned from the East yesterday. He Is
accompanied by his . wife, his . daughter
and his mother. . : .
Senator. John. FV Davis will deliver the
eulogy on President | McKinley .; at the
memorial services to be held to-morrow
afternoon at Jackson, Amador County.
J. M. Collins, the affable night clerk of
the Grand,' has returned from an extended
vacation trip through the southern part
of the State. ; .¦ . .. •¦¦.-.
'•' G. W. Towle, a rancher and capitalist
of Towle, is among the arrivals- of last
night at the . Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Preston and their
daughter, Miss Edith Preston, are at the
Palace. - - <- - >. '• - -
Dr.. A. M, F. McColFough, a prominent
medical man of Los Angeles, is registered
at the Grand. /' , : ; '-
J. Black, a coffee planter of Guatemala,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife. i ..
E. J. Roy, a cattle raiser of Santa Bar
bara, is at the Grand. ' . *
Daniel Eoone Jr. is registered at the
Grand from New York. ¦
Dr. H. L. Shannon of Redding is among
the arrivals at the Lick.
D. Hollister, a capitalist and rancher of
Courtland, is at the Grand.
Joseph R. Ryland, the San Jose banker,
is a guest at the. Occidental.
W. M. Breckinridge, a mining man of
Tucson, Ariz., is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. AV. Owen are registered at
the Occidental from Washington, D. C.
at the Occidental.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan is at the
Palace.
B. U. Steinman of Sacramento la at
the Palace. , v .
\ Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Epplnger are at
the Palace. /
j; S., Craig, a banker of Woodland, Is a
guest at the Grand.
Dr. Robert Burn, U. S. N.,'is registered
APPRECIATES
THE ENTERPRISE
OF THE CALL
The' day's work over, Mr.- Rockefeller
times himself to catch a train from the
Grand Central station at half past 3
o'clock. There Is always a buckboard at
Mr. Rockeleller at noon patronizes a
Broad-street cafe, where he partakes of a
frugal luncheon, for which he allows him
self thirty minutes. The meal rarely costs
him more than 30 cents.
Punctual to the minute in business en
gagements, one might set a clock by Mr.
Rockefeller's daily schedule. During the
summer he makes his home at Box
wood, the country seat of John D. Rocke
feller, In Tarrytown. He i 3 up at half past
G every morning, and for the ensuing hour
may be seen about the Rockefeller sta
bles or at the woodpile chopping wood, a
form of exercise to which he long "ago be
came accustomed. Breakfast over, he
drives to the railroad station In time to
catch the train leaving Tarrytown for
New York at twenty minutes to 9 o'clock.
One hour later he is at his desk -in the
office of the Standard OH Company, in.
lower Broadway. He is never late.
Likes to Chop Wood.
since his college days, when he was a
member of the Alpha Delia Phi at Brown
University, he is one of the best-dressed
men in New York. He is partial to quiet
colors, but his clothing is always fashion
ed from the choicest fabrics.
Only once has Mr. Rockefeller been.
knoTfn to speculate. That was when he
first came from college. A lucky "turn"
in the shares of the United States Leather
Company netted him $400,000. but he Js
said to have lost his profits and a consid
erable sum In addition by a subsequent
"slump." He decided after this experience
to leave speculation to others.
It is in such an atmosphere that young
Mr. Rockefeller has been reared. Home
ties were stronger than ths blandishments
of society, and if he ever had a sweet
heart before his meeting with Miss Al
drich the fact la not generally known.
Almost primitive In its simplicity, the
home life of the Rockefellers i3 yet de
lightful. IMnner is served at 6 o'clock. In.
three courses— scup, a roast and dessert.
Then comes the family gathering. When
Mr. Rockefeller's daughters were at horna
piano recitals, with violin accompaniment,
preceded a service of song and family
prayers. Now father and son provide the
music, and John D. Rockefeller Jr., who
possesses a fine voice, is often heard ren
dering solo selections.
Some' Life of the Rockefellers.
Tarrytown to meet him, and he takes keen
pleasure In driving a dashing pair of baya
up the hill and on to Boxwood. The re
mainder of the day he devotes to pleas
ures of his own choosing— reading, violin
playing or walks about the estate.
JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER JR.. WHO IS NEITHER A SOCIETY NOR A
CLUB MAN, NEITHER DRINK3 NOR SMOKES AND NEVER SPENDS
MORE THAN 30 CENTS FOR HIS LUNCHEON.
-Again, the Tribune says that only by threatening
paralysis of business could the strikers carry their
point. Over and over again the labor unions are put
as the analogue of the corporations. Suppose now
that the transportation corporations of the State had
concluded to carry a point by tying up the commerce
of the State, and making its "merchants and manufac
turers suffer enormous losses and the State a severe
commercial setback," and suppose they had enforced
thispoint by beating men, picking their^ pockets and
had assumed the functions of government by issuing
safe conducts to protect against the thugs - and
thieves used by them to effect their- purpose, what
remedy would the Tribune propose?
But here are the strike leaders impersonating all
the functions of government and posing as the very
lords of life and death!
That offer by the strike leaders^ is their admission
that they have made the streets of San Francisco un
safe for non-union labor. It is their gloating admis
s.ion that they can do what the Governor, Mayor and
police have not done — guarantee the safety of men in
this city. When such leaders assume one of the
highest and most delicate functions of government by
issuing safe conducts, they confess that they have
made the streets unsafe. By assuming that function
they are impersonating government. Only the ex
ecutive power of a Government can proclaim martial
law, -compel citizens to avoid the streets to evade
death, and give them safe conduct on necessary busi
ness. But these strike leaders are doing all this
and admitting it. Is it no . crime to impersonate
Government? If one man impersonate an officer
and arrest another, or do any act lawful when done
by the officer he impersonates, he is severely pun
ished by the law either as a misdemeanant or a felon.
Is the Tribune aware that furnishing. a safe con
duct to men is the function of an officer of. the Gov-.
crnment, of a commanding officer in charge of a
district that is under martial law?
That this is the policy of the union leaders has
been over and over again demonstrated. English
sailors .on a British ship were attacked and beaten,
and when their captain appealed to the British Vice
Consul and he seemed about to appeal to Federal
authority for protection, to which his sailors are en
titled in an American port, the strike leaders kindly
offered to furnish his men a guard and a safe conduct
when they desire to come ashore!
Now it is known of all men triat there could not
have been a day's tie-up of business by the strike had
it not been for the intimidation of men willing to
work by the use of personal violence. It is not neces
sary for this violence to be expressed by large mobs.
It was executed by sneaking bands of cowards, who,
outnumbering their victims five to ten to one, way
laid them in dark corners and alleys, and disabled
them by cruel beating and kicking and clubbing.
The Tribune continues: 'The industrial tie-up, as
set forth by the State Board of Trade, is in truth
the very outcome sought by the workmen and affords
the only way in which they can win. What they did
anticipate is the very condition the State Board of
Trade now admits to exist — business becoming so
paralyzed that unless relief is -quickly obtained the
merchants and manufacturers will suffer enormous
losses and the State be given a severe commercial
setback."
This reads strangely in the face of the fact that
in five weeks there have been two thousand assaults
made in this city upon American citizens who were
peacefully laboring. The maritime laws of the
United States have been violated by gangs of ruf
fians boarding anchored ships at night, driving their
crews over the side under threat with guns and pis
tols to kill them, and taking the prisoners ashore to
first beat and .then rob them. Laborers have been
caught by strikers and their arms broken with iron
bars. In these affairs nearly fifty highway robberies
have been committed by strikers, who first beat their
victims into insensibility and then stole their money.
That paper calmly remarks that: "There have been
no riots, no threatening assemblages and no seditious
speeches; in fact, outside of'the individual instances
of assault there has been no law-breaking and no dis
order on the part of the strikers."
THE Oakland Tribune deprecates,, the action of
the State Board of Trade in calling the atten
tion of the Governor of the State to the losses
already sustained and worse impending, by the coun
try producers, as a result of unlawful prevention of
the handling of grain and other perishable property
belonging to the farmers. .
POOR REASONING.
\ Though Mr. Rockefeller goes little into
society and has never/ belonged to a club
PERSONAL MENTION.
Miss Aldrich'3 fiance is not a devotee of
society, and no club claims him as a mem
ber; he does not drink and has never used
tobacco In any form; his colors are not
registered with the Jockey Club, and It is
said he has never witnessed a horse race;
he "does not own a yacht; he rarely at
tends the theater, and then only as a
patron . of music, and for other sportive
pastimes of the young men of the day he
has no taste. Nevertheless Mr. Rocke
feller is not without healthful resources.
He is an athlete of no mean order, he is
not averse to driving behind «, fast. horse
and is an accomplished violinist. But
it is as the teacher of the young men's
Bible class in the Fifth Avenue Baptist
Church that Mr. Rockefeller finds his
greatest pleasure. There for three years
he has conducted Bible studies, assisted at
times by his father, who in this work, as
in everything else, is his guide and philo
sopher.
. In personal appearance Mr. Rockefeller
bears little resemblance to his father. He
is about five feet eight inches in height, of
slight but well knit frame, and his fea
tures are pale and intellectual. His eyes
are blue and are shaded by eyebrows of
black, brushy hair,- which almost meet.
When seated at his desk he wears rimless
glasses, and his aspect is that of a divin
ity student rather than of the man of af
fairs. , • , . . . ¦
A Model Young Man.
'.John D. Rockefeller Jr. was born In
Ohio and spent the first fifteen years of
his life on an estate near Cleveland. Mr.
Rockefeller, ' to . test his son's mental
trend, offered him one cent for every
picket he .found' displaced on the farm
fence. Young Rockefeller walked around
the ientire estate — a day's journey for a
lad of his age— and netted thirteen cents.
He was still looking for defective pickets
at nightfall, when Mr. Rockefeller came
¦upon him in a far corner of the estate. It
is related that the thirteen cents thus
earned judiciously invested, has grown to
$12,000.
From early boyhood Mr. Rockefeller has
been under his father's personal direction.
His education was shaped along lines of
usefulness,, and he has had constantly in
mind .' the, • carser awaiting him, its re
sponsibilities and burdens, and the relief
of his father from the strain under which
he has long labored.
.Entering the office of the Standard Oil
Company three years ago, fresh f f om
Brown University, he has advanced stead
ily -from a junicr clerkship to the position
of financial director of the great corpora
tion, his principal duties being to keep in
touch with the securities market and pro
tect the investments of the company and
of . its Individual stockholders. His apti
tude has surprised and delighted John D?
Rockefeller Sr. . .'.¦¦„
: .' t. cently announced. Is destined to .be-,
come a potential factor in affairs. By
education, training and temperament he
is equipped, at the age of 28, to assume
the responsibilities involved in the direc
tion of his father's vast interests, and in
a large measure has already done so.
Senator Aldrich's daughter was re-
ROSPECTIVE heir to a fortune o
$300,000,000, John Davidson Rocke
feller Jr., whose engagement t<
New Era, Monterey, Cal.: "William R. Hearst, teacher^ is^ as guilty as Leon
Czolgosz, pupil. Hearst and his papers must pay the penalty." , .
The News Letter, San Francisco, says: "From the idea that the police are op
pressors to the idea that the President is a tyrant is a logical step^ From the idea that
to resist the police is laudable to the idea that resistance to the chief executive of the
nation is praiseworthy is an easy step for the restless and turbulent. To the more vio
lent of them resistance means murder, and if the murder of a police officer is a good
deed the slaying of the President is a better one. The Examiner's utterances have
never been taken by the intelligent as of much worth. Within the last few months it has
proven itself the most unscrupulous of journals, and has come out brazenly as the mouth
piece of the. mob."
Commenting on the statement of the Ukiah Times that the Examiner's strikers
are driving .women; and children^ put, of^employment in the hop fields by ; taking their
places at much lower wages, The Herald, Windsor,. Cal., says: "The Times forgets that in
the estimation of theYstrikers there are no noble men -but union^ men. -They leave
enough brutal bullies in the cities to intimidate and •beat almbst'to death any arid all men
from the country who go to the city and attempt tc 1 work, while they, the strikers., go
out into the country and monopolize the work at greatly reduced wages, and while this
double-cross i t is being worked on the country people by the strikers who had no occa
sion for striking, the leaders of the un-American mob in * San Francisco are appealing to
the country laboring people for sympathy." •
Times-Index, San Bernardino: "The Examiner has a streak of repentance for the
awful consequences of its treachery, and is printing pages of prayers in place of its usual
diatribes against the President. But it^does not deceive the public. Its* repentance is a
pretense, the result of fear."
People's Cause, Red Bluff: "The greatest sinners compose "the triumvirate of
yellow journals published by William R. Hearst. They inculcate in the minds of their
'readers the ideas which create and foster the dissatisfaction which breeds anarchy." .,
Tribune, New York: "Thcfce who have portrayed the President as an oppressor and
a tool of oppressors, of the common people, let them look to it that/some of his blood be
not found upon their gloved but unclean hands." - . . ' ' ¦•' ;. '• ¦ ¦
Times, LOS Angeles: "The Examiner has been doing- all in its power to incite an
archy. As The Call properly says in an article we reproduced yesterday, Hearst is a
coward and his papers are enemies of American institutions, of law and order."
• Graphic, Oakdale, Cal.: "In Oakdale a man said the murder of the President
was all right — the country would be better off without him. .This is treason against the
country and its citizens. But men have been educated to infamous suggestions of an
archy by the San Francisco Examiner."
Gazette, Berkeley, Cal.: "From New York to San Francisco, and from Michigan
to Texas, the press of the United States is scoring those promoters of disorder and an
archy, those inflamers of public passion, those incitefs to riot, those three stinkpots of
American journalism ewned by Hearst." , v . ,
Here space compels us to rest again. • r The duty that impels the publication of this
indictment .of Hearst and his papers by the people of the United States is not pleasant,
but its discharge is necessary. It was easy for his local hirelings to, say to this 'com
munity that only The Call held these views, . and would . be attended to by them at the
proper time. Therefore our readers need to know that in every State, in the Union the
press and the people. :think. as we think,. and rise as one in expression of their horror
and detestation. As far as The Call is concerned, when Mr. Hearst gets ready let him
proceed to attend to us. v r
Evening Wisconsin, Milwaukee: "There have been cartoons in daily issues from
the press which have mendaciously pictured the President as the tool of, greedy conspira
tors, bent upon wresting the last crust Jrom the starving poor. To the inflamed imag
ination of an anarchist these things would seem like support for his sulphurous creed."
- Appeal, Marysville, Cal.: "Artist Opper, of the Examiner, whose brutal cartoons
of President McKinley contributed their share to his undoing, should now. portray him
self as all decent-minded men see him." - . *
understudy in "The Propaganda of Deed.' %
The. Commoner, Colonel Bryan's paper, says: "There is no place for anarchy in
the United States; there is no room for those who commit, counsel- or condone murder,
no matter. what political excuse may be urged in its defense. The line between peace
ful agitation and violence is clear and distinct. If any one desires to criticize the methods
of government he has a perfect right to do so, but his appeal must be to the intelli
gence and patriotism of his fellow-citizens, not to force."
Review, Elmhurst, Cal.: "Sheets like the Examiner have done more to keep alive
the anarchist 11 spirit in our land than all other agencies: combined."
Herald, NileS, Cal.I "No paper has come out in detail and called down the Exami
iner and its' Eastern issues in'such magnificent style as The Call, for which it should re
ceive due credit. But all the talk will amount to nothing if those who believe papers
which breed anarchy, discontent and crime continue >to subscribe for them." ,
fT"^ HE tide of, comment and; denunciation of the -Examiner, journal and American
I rises still higher/ - Each of those, papers is c printed under the legend, "An Ameri
1 can paper for the American people;" This lying legend is • changed by' public
*• opinion to read, "An Anarchist paper for Anarchists."
The News, Newark, N. J. f " says of the^ Hearst papers: "Their infamy is only made
the more manifest by the crocodile tears which they are. now shedding over the results
of their own teachings. Now that their propaganda has reached its legitimate outcome,
they slop over with sorrow and are maudlin in their nauseating sympathy. Out upon
such hypocrisy!" ¦
Journal, Chicago: "The Journal is not alone in its opinion that William R. Hearst
and his newspapers are responsible for the crime of Czolgosz! By the most reckless
assertions, by caricature, by libelous pictures, they have tried" to bring the President into
the contempt of his fellow-citizens.-- They could not have r made- more scandalous, more
bitter or more degrading charges against the greatest scoundrel on earth. . The seed
thus sown daily has at last-found receptive soil and brought forth fruit after 'Its kind.
Discontent breeds hatred," and hatred malice, and malice murder." .;
Eagle, Brooklyn, N. Y.: "Hearst only wished to sell more papers by commenting
on and cartooning the President as 'a tyrant reddening his hands in the blood of the 'prior
and filling his pockets. and those of others with dollars coined out of the sweat and tears
and hunger of helpless strikers, their wan wives and their starving children.' That sort
of stuff did sell more papers. Czolgosz did what these folks said. .The latest. report is
that he has shown no fear. He has more nerve than- those of whom he made himself an
ROCKEFELLER'S SON IS HEIR
TO THREE HUNDRED MILLIONS
THE SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
/To be really a Christian you
must observe the spirit as well
as the letter of the law;
Christ's teachings demand
something far. deeper than the
mere observance of the canon."
—Extracts from 'Bible class
sermons of John B. Rockefel
ler Jr.
"In Bible study 'there are
four points to follow: Study
earnestly, study 'prayerfully,
study consecutively, and give
practical expression to your
deductions."
"I am proud x of my father.
He is the best father in the
¦world. My ambition is to prove
myself worthy of his love and
confidence."
"I know what it is to cut
wood and to crash . stone for
roads at fifteen cents an hour."
"The chief thing in life is to
do something — to work."
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The Taming of the Bhrew."
TU'oli— "Faust."
Grand Opera-house— "Richelieu."
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Central— "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenln*. :.*»\
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Butro Baths — Open nights. -
EmeryvlUe Park— Races to-day.
By F. H. Cbase Co.— This day. Horses. Wagrons. etc., at
1T32 Market ctreet.
By. G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, September 23, at 12
o'clock. Crooks* Estate Properties, at U Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALES.
llMSCHINSKi
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. f
I |Q THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
B, K, LIKESTHiS
H Mr. Katschinski has taken a |a
3 great fancy to this sandal. He g
H thinks it just about richt, and |
B when he is pleased the customer B
H can rest assured that the article H
M is all right. Here is the descrip- ¦
H tion: Ladies' One-strap Sandal, |
M patent leather vamps and kid 1
2 quarters, plain coin toes, turned |
m soles and French heels, and the Jr.
9 price only $1.45 a pair. Sizes 3 I
| to 7*A, widths A to E. .. |j
jH Ladies' fine kid lace shoes, with B
a embroidered veatlns tops, new coin K
¦ toes and patent-leather tips, pliable 9J
H soles and military heels; sizes 2V> to 6
Eg 8, width3 B to E. Reduced to 51 43 R
ll WE ADVERTISE CHEAP shoes M
a to attract your attention, but we ¦
ffl have the best selected stock In this m
£3 city for men and women from $2 50 I
H to Jo 00 a pair. "We buy from the H
h leading manufacturers of this coun- %
H try, and will be only too pleased to If
H show their -latest samples and El
a styles. m
§3 "We have no branch stores nor W
H traveling salesmen.' ... II
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO
H 10 THIRD STREET, I^T fi
|j San Francisco. , :/•'/ y
';¦¦:< iNew Vice Consul for Brazil.
Enrique de la Vega has been recognized
by the State Department as~ Vice Consul
at this port for Brazil.
Three Italian immigrants who arrived
from Victoria September 15 'have been
denied a landing by United States Immi
gration Commissioner North, they having
admitted that they came under contract
to work In a 'French laundry In Oakland.
They will be deported to-day. ¦
Contract Laborers Deported.
Vaqueros roping cattle, savage dancing,
children at play— there, is no limit to the
treasures of pleasant associations that
one may store, up in a perfect form by
merely pressing a button in one of our
¦latest Premo, Poco or Eastman 'cameras.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Battleship Bombarding,
The harbor police yesterday tookfrom a
union picket a weapon which is a curi
osity In its deadly way. Its foundation
is a length of steel cable. It is carefully
covered with a newspaper which is neatly
wrapped with twine. : The newspaper se
lected for the purpose was a Buffalo
Courier of September 10, containing a full
account of the assassination of President
McKinley. '
Picket's Deadly Bludgeon.
Fred Moore and Frank Reynolds, strik
ers, who were arrested at Third and How
ard streets Saturday night for beating Al
Fitzgerald and. G... P., .Fitzgerald, ...were
convicted* by Judge Cataniss yesterday on
a charg« of disturbing the peace:: Moore
was sentenced to sixty days in the County
Jail and. Reynolds to fifty, days. , :
Leonard L. Nott, ¦ ex-policeman" and
striking - teamster, appeared in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday and was in
structed -and I arraigrfed on the second
charge of robbery against him for attack
ing and robbing Tpeciil Officer C. H. Car
rington. The case was continued till Fri
day. It is said that the two cases of rob
bery against Nott and Charles Rowland,
another striking teamster, will be taken
before the Grand Jury, so that indict
ments can be brought against them and
the cases taken out of the Police Court.
Strikers Sent to Jail.
The case 1 of Captain George W. Witt
man, charged with battery upon James
Masse, a striking marine fireman, was
again called in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday, the jurors summoned by the
Sheriff being present. Attorney Barrett
for the prosecution said that Judge Sea
well had not yet given his decision on the
writ of prohibition but would do so Fri
day morning, and he asked that a con
tinuance be granted till then. The Judge
did not wish the jurors to be put to the
Inconvenience of returning at that time,
as in the event of Judge Seawell deciding
adversely to Captain Wittman an appeal
would probably be taken to the Supreme
Court, which would prevent him going on
with the case. Attorney Barrett claimed
that an appeal would not be a bar to pro
ceeding with tho case "and said he would
eubmit authorities on the point before
Friday. The case was continued till Fri
day afternoon.
"Wittman Case Continued.
be continued until all the docks are fenced
off. This will greatly simplify matters
during the present troubles and hundreds
of men now deterred from working on
account of the exposed' condition o£ the
wharves will turn to, make up .for the
tune lost during the strike and do a great
deal toward relieving the situation.
of them to leave this train." Those that
arrived here, however, seemed more. than
pleased with their prospective employ
ment. They sang songs while waiting for
the Millen Griffith, and their melodies
during the trip from 'Oakland to the Mail
dock attracted much attention.
Of the men who were induced to desert
the train sixteen were taken to an employ
ment office in Sacramento and work se
cured for them. They claimed that they
had been assured that there was no strike
in San Francisco. \
TRIES TO KILX FTJREY.
Special Officer.
Union Sailor Takes Four Shots at the
The poor marksmanship of .Axel Carl
son, a union sailor, Is all that saved Spe
cial Policeman Edward Furey from be
coming the victim last night of a cold
blooded conspiracy to murder. Furey Is
a special detailed for duty on the. Oceanic
dock. He was Informed yesterday by a
friend that three non-union sailors,
anxious to ship on the steamer Australia,
would be at the corner of Turk and Tay
lor streets and if he would guard them to
the Oceanic dock they would join the Aus
tralia's crew. ,;¦» . .
Furey met the men and they accom
panied him to the water front. At the
corner of East and Washington streets,
however, they suddenly fell to the rear
and Carlson fired four shots point blank at
Furey"s head. Carlson was nervous, his
aim poor and Furey escaped without a
scratch. Policemen Lake and Murphy
were in the Immediate vicinity. Tney
witnessed the shooting and grabbed Carl
son, with the smoking revolver still in
his possession. >When searched at the
Harbor Police Station It was found that
he was a union sailor in good standing.
He was booked on a charge of attempt to
commit murder.
Furey shot and wounded a striker at few
days a«o. The plot that failed last night
Is supposed to be In the nature of a re
taliation. •
PROTECTION" IS PROMISED.
Vice Consul.
Chief of Police Replies to British
Chief Sullivan sent the following letter
yesterday to Wellesley Moore, Vice Con
sul for Great Britain, in reply to his com
munifcation of September. 14, published
yesterday:
I desire to acknowledge receipt of your
favor of the 14th inst. regarding assault upon
one of the crew of the British ship Haddon
Hall and calling my. attention to the fact
that the corner of Howard and East streets
is infested by a lawless element.
I have investigated the matter complained
of very thoroughly and have given additional
protection to the shipping In that vicinity,
•which I trust will meet all present require
ments; if not, I will take further steps in
the matter and wish to assure you that all
possible protection will be given to the crews
of ships in this port, and In the very near
future I will take proper steps to prevent a
repetition of brutal assaults upon unoffending
people on the water front. ...
CLOSING OPEN DOCKS.
From Public View.
Wharves "Will Soon Be All Fenced
The strike promises to be of some bene
fit to local shipping interests In that the
present conditions have had the effect
of spurring the Harbor Commissioners to
action In the matter of closing In a num
ber of the open docks. The work at Fre
mont-street wharf Is almost completed
and work will be commenced to-day on
Howard-street. No. 1. ¦,
When these are completed the work will
. The permanent force of longshoremen
on duty at the Pacific Mall dock was yes
terday reinforced by forty-two colored
laborers, all experienced .longshoremen.
They • were brought from' Cincinnati and
are the forerunners of as many more as
•the Pacific Mail Company will need to re
cruit a force sufficient to handle its work
on the dock independently of local labor.
These laborers arrived eA-ly yesterday
morning. They were met at the Oakland
mole by representatives of the ¦ Pacific
Mail Company and transferred to the
Mall dock on the tender Millen Griffith/
Four carloads of them left. Ohio, but at
Emigrant Gap the train was boarded by a
delegation of strike representatives from
San Francisco, who Induced thirty-seven
Mail Dock.
Negroes From Cincinnati. at Work on
LONGSHOREMEN FROM OHIO.
OPIUM SMUGGLER CAUGHT.— John How
ard, alias Bugaboo, a negro of the deepest
dye. was arrested yesterday by Customs In
spectors while attempting to smuggle a flve
tael tin of opium from the Doric Howard is
a stevedore on the steamer.
It was stated by Sullivan and his friends
that he was accidentally shot while
cleaning a revolver, but the location of
the two wounds does not bear out the as-'
sertion. The inquest will be held Friday.
No arrests have been made, and prob
ably no one will be prosecuted for shoot
ing Sullivan, on . account of .his com
panions' insistence that his wounds were
not received in that- encounter.
One of the special police engaged in de
fending the non-union teamsters re
ceived a- slight wound in the leg. A
horse belonging to .C. A. Hooper & Co.
was struck. by a bullet and injured so se
verely that it died a few hours later. " It
was reported at the time that one or two
of the strikers were hit in the fusillade
repelling their assault, and the police in
making the round of the hospitals for
wounded men discovered Sullivan in St.
Luke's Hospital. He had been 1 struck in
the arm and the leg.' His death was due
immediately to septicaemia.
William T. Sullivan, a striking team
ster, who resided at 1200 ' Folsom : street,
died at St. Iiuke's Hospital yesterday
morning of a bullet wound received in an
attack by strikers upon non-union men
at the corner of Fourth and Townsend
streets on September 5.
» Early in the morning of that day a mob
of armed strikers assembled at the lo
cality named and opened fire with their
revolvers, upon non-union tAmsters as
they were about to take their teams from
the stables. The non-union men in self
defense returned the fire and about 100
shots were interchanged.
William T. Sullivan, Shot at Hoop
er's Stables, Succumbs to Injuries.
WOUNDED STRIKER DEES.
You Can Go to Lake Tahoe.
58 50 round trip from San ' Francisco,
Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley, , Sacramen
to and Intermediates by special train from
San Francisco, 8 a.m. Saturday, October
5. including lake trips. Tickets good one
week. Special low rates at hotels: The
last excursion of the season. Details C13
Market street.
Robert Bear Missing-.
Robert Bear of 2503 Clay street was re
ported yesterday to the Coroner as miss
ing since Saturday.
Christian H. Ingerson. 866 Folsom street,
formerly a teaman; John A. Whlteslde, 1563 Pa
cific avenue, no business; George H. Wellbrock,
909 Fillmore street, no business; John H.
Brown, ?41 Shrader street, no business; Herbert
R. Starkhouse. 1625 Bush street, life insurance
agent; John Nuenberg, 321 Tenth avenue, no
business; Paul Glrsch, 402 Walnut street, gro
cer; Daniel Swannack, 171 Alpine street, re
tired; Herman Kahn, 1426 Geary street, sales
man; Samuel E. Dutton, 2178 Post street, sta
tioner; Paul Franke, 3420 Mission street, sta
tionery and notlonB, and Charles Bloomer, 302
Turk Btreet, erocer.
The last of twelve Jurors to serve at the
trial of "Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper
was chosen in Judge Lawlor's court at a
late hour last evening. The jury is com
posed of the following-named men, and
the case will proceed to-day:
Jury Secured in Cooper Case.
There Is a case af assault with a deadly
weapon pending against Nanbos in Judge
Confan's court for shooting Thomas Mor
gan, a striking marine fireman, on East
street, August 29. He was attacked by
some strikers and Morgan was one of
them. Morgan is still in St. Luke's Hos
pital.
Sanchez claims that he acted in self de
fense as Kanbos and others "jumped"
him. He knew that Nanbos was a bad
man. as he ha.l Fhot a man recently.
Nanbos made a statement to Assistant
Warrant Clerk Greeley In which he said
that he had a quarrel with Sanchez about
boys "joshing" him. Sanchez made a
movement to draw his revolver and Nan
bos grabbed him by the arms and pushed
him back. Sanchez got him to release his
hold and then he fired three shots at him,
one of the bullets striking him in the
left breast.
MIcharlo Sanchez, the marine fireman
who shot Alexander Nanbos in Pinckney
place Monday night, was arrested at his
home, 317 Green street, yesterday after
noon by Detectives McMahon and Whita
ker and was taken to the City Prison.
Later he was taken to the City and
County Hospital by the detectives, where
Xanbos identified him as the man who
phot him. Sanchez will be kept in the
••tanks" pending the result of Nanbos'
wound.
ing Alexander K"anbos in
Pinckney Place.
IHchario Sanchez Arrested for Shoot-
CLAIMS HE FIRED
IN SELF-DEFENSE
Thomas Costello, a teamster, in the em
ploy of Scott & Magner, was struck over
the head with a bottle by a union team
ster yesterday as he drove along Howard
street, near Sixth. The striker watched
his chance, Jumped upon the hay truck and
dealt Costello a vicious blow. Costello
was taken to the Emergency Hospital for
a lacerated wound of the scalp.
C. Donohue, a striker, was treated at
the Harbor Hospital last evening for a
lacerated scalp. '/ He said he had been hit
by a special- policeman. '
Violence along the water front Is increas
ing at an alarming, rate. The police In
charge of that district are at their wits'
end, hospital attendants are working
night and day and those whose business
takes them along the wharves and In the
vicinity go their way in • fear and
trembling. J
John Mulcahy, a non-union sailor, was
attacked early .yesterday morning at
Howard and f. East streets. He was
treated at the Harbor Hospital for a bad
ly lacerated scalp.
Patrick Leonard, a sailor, belonging to
the ship Haydn- Brown, was held up on
Sansome and Pacific streets. The hos
pital record shows that he sustained • sL
dangerous laceration of the lower right
eyelid, a laceration of- the scalp and In-
Jury to his left eye which may cost him
his sight.
William Miller, a non-union sailor, met
the fighting squadron on Spear street, be
tween Folsom and Howard. His share of
punishment was four lacerated wounds of
the scalp.
Walter Borden, a non-union sailor, had
his nose split open by a committee which
met him on Howard street, near Third,
and H. Takahashl, a Japanese steward,
sustained a deep laceration of the scalp in
the neighborhood of Folsom-street wharf
No. 2.
Brutally Treated.
Victims Non-Union Sailors and All
VIOLENCE ON THE INCBEASE.
The groom Is a well-known consulting
engineer and chief engineer of the Edison
Electric Light Company of Los Angeles,
while the bride is favorably known as a
soprano of merit in local musical circles.
Following the ceremony, which will be
performed by the Rev. Dr. Hutslnpiller,
a weddine dinner will be served to the
invited guests at a downtown restaurant.
The happy couple will spend the honey
moon at Coronado Beach, and on their
return will make their home at 716 West
lake avenue, Los Angeles.
Invitations have been issued for the
marriage at Central Methodist Episcopal
Church this evening of F. C. Finke of
Los Angeles to Miss Priscilla Davles,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Davies
of 652 Minna street. The maid of honor
will be Miss Etta Davies. sister of the
brMe, and the best man will be H. Four
ness.
Evening in Central Methodist
Episcopal Church.
Ceremony Will Take Place This
nrVTTATTONS ISSUED FOR
FINKLE-DAVIES WEDDING
The board of trustees unanimously
voted to allow the use of the Mechanics'
Pavilion free of charge for the memorial
services for the late President McKinley
to be held to-morrow afternoon.
No definite offer has been made by the
city to the institute for the acquisition of
the pavilion site other than a suggestion
from Mayor Phelan that the city would
like to have the property donated, or fail
ing: that it would desire to learn what
price it could be purchased for.
The question was informally discussed
by the trustees and it was finally decided
to call a special meeting of all the mem
bers of the institute for next Tuesday
evening and lay the matter before them.
The most important matter discussed
was the question of "the disposal of the
pavilion site to the city. In order that the
offer of three-quarters of a million dollars
from Andrew Carnegie might be accepted
by the municipality.
The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute held a meeting at the Institute
rooms on Post street last evening, all the
members being present.
After he had made several vain at
tempts to secure his children himself
Hamburger applied to the charitable so
ciety. Action was taken immediately,
and during the course of the investigation
carried on by Secretary 'White another
child was found living in the vile resort,
who will also soon be removed to more
suitable surroundings.
Mr. Hamburger learned in the course of
a week or two that his children were
kept in the filthy saloon on Clara street
and were forced to mingle with men and
women of the lowest class. He went at
once to Mrs. Brewster and demanded that
she surrender them. This she refused to
do until she should be paid $8 for the
trouble to which she had been put and
until a beer bill which Hamburger had
contracted had also been settled.
Mrs. Breweter replied, and on her rep
resentations that she would bring- them
up properly they were delivered into her
charge, with the agreement that she
should be paid $16 monthly for their
board.
Franz Hamburger, the father, is a
wireworker in a factory on North Beach,
and subsequent to the death of his wife,
which occurred recently, he decided tfcat
he could not care for the children in con
nection with his other employment, and
so advertised for a home for them.
Secretary White of the California So
ciety fcr the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children rescued a little boy and a llttlo
girl from a saloon at 156 Clara street
yesterday, where they were being held by
the owner for a debt contracted by their
father. It was with great difficulty that
the officers of the society succeeded in
freeing the little ones from their tempor
ary prison, but Mrs. Ruth Brewster, who
had them in charge, was finally forced to
yield, and the children have been placed
with the Protestant Orphan Asylum offi
cials, who Tfill look out for their future
welfare.
Queer Method Adopted
to Insure Payment
of Debt.
Mechanics' Institute to
Discuss Plan to Sell
the Property.
The City Front Federation has pur
chased a restaurant at 150 East street and
placed it in the hands of the subsistence
committee. Meal tickets are; to be Issued
to strikers in lieu of cash benefits.
The Team Drivers' International Union
In Chicago appropriated $1000 Monday for
the San Francisco strikers, and the lake
seamen, with headquarters in Chicago, ap
propriated a like sum.
The executive committee of the City
Front Federation is preparing for another
mass-meeting: to be held in Metropolitan
Temple Saturday night. Father Yorke
will be the principal speaker, and Andrew
Furuseth will review the situation.
The strike leaders report contributions
from outside unions to the local strike
funds, and assert their ability to hold out
for months. The City Front Federation
lately received $500 from British Columbia
coal miners, and advices from Nanalmo
were received yesterday to the effect that
$300 more had been appropriated.
A check for $500 was received yesterday
by Secretary Rosenberg of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council from the National
Association of Brewery Workers,- now in
convention at Philadelphia. It is to be
applied to benefits for the local brewery
workers. ~ v .
longed siege. Attacks upon non
union laborers are increasing In number
and viciousness, and business men agree
that lawlessness — Is reaching a. stage
where harsh measures must be taken. A
vigilance committee even Is. talked of, to
take in hand public officials who refuse,
in spite of attacks daily in which non
union men are most brutally beaten, to
admit that disorder prevails.
AL»K of mediation between em-
I . ployers and striking employes has
I entirely ceased, and each party to
1L the strike is preparing for a pro-
CITY DESIRES
PAVILION SITE
MEN KEPT
TO SECURE BILL
"A state of anarchy prevails in this city In conse
quence of the lawlessness of many of the strikers," Mr.
Renner said. "Men who are trying to earn an honest
living are waylaid, beaten almost to a jelly, and robbed
in the bargain. I know of several cases where Inoffensive
men were attacked and their arms' deliberately broken
by the assailaiits. Were It not for the leaders of the strik
ers the men would return to work within twenty-four
hours. If a teamster is found with grit enough to assert
Manager George Renner of the Draymen's Association
said yesterday that the necessity of stringent measures
was generally recognized and that a vigilance committee
was widely advocated. He stated that he was in sympa
thy with the proposition and hoped a movement to that
end would be inaugurated.
THE lawlessness prevailing in the city at the present
time, and which has created veritably a reign of
terror, was the' subject of discussion among busi
ness men yesterday, and, according to Manager
Renner of the Draymen's Association, the opinion
was freely expressed that steps ought to be taken for the
appointment of a vigilance committee of the same gen
eral scope and character as the famous organization
which struck terror to and purged the city of the lawless
element in San Francisco in 1856. The failure of Mayor
Phelan and Governor Gage to provide the relief de
manded by the citizens is regarded by many reputable
business men as being tantamount to the command to do
the next best thing, namely, to appoint such a com
mittee.
INDIFFERENCE OF AUTHORITIES TO LAWLESSNESS
CAUSES SUGGESTION OF VIGILANCE COMMITTEE
his intention to return to work, he. is notified that. If he
does so he will be murdered. I have been warned that"
men are lying in wait to attack me,' and that it has been
said among the teamsters that if I were permanently
removed from the scene the strike would soon be set
tled. In -other words, this is an indirect way of setting
a price upon my head. I do not fear the cowardly scoun
drels who lurk in the dark and spring upon their victims
unawares. Still, the situation is grave enough to. excite
alarm In the breasts of conservative citizens. It is to
bring this sort of thing to a close that the subject of or
ganizing a vigilance* committee has been broached. If
the Governor and Mayor decline to help us we must help*
ourselves. Crime is on the increase in this city and un
less we stir ourselves speedily no man's life will be safe
a single moment. The condition of affairs here Is a dis
grace to civilization and a reproach upon mankind. When
men's limbs are deliberately broken by human brutes
In order to prevent their victims working a stage has
been reached which requires summary treatment. "We are
deprived of the liberties supposed to be guaranteed to
Americans. A determined committee of honest men who
have the welfare of the community at heart will accom
plish wonders in this direction."
It is said a circular. is being: prepared outlining the
plans of the proposed committee, and that this will be
sent to alf the leading business, men of the city with .the
request that' they Identify themselves with the move
ment with the same spirit that animated the daring- spir
its who guided the destinies of the city in the fifties.
Violence Increases and Both Sides Prepare for -.Lang Struggle.
\ Strike Leaders Plan a Mass-Meetirig-~Negro Longshore
men From Cincinnati Go to Work on the Mail Dock
CITIZENS TALK OF HARSH MEASURES
TO SUPPRESS DISORDERS OF STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, .
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, £0c to )1 50 day;
J5 to JS week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; bot
and cold water every room: fire crates In every
room: elevator runs all night. '
AMUSEMENTS.
On account of the President's funeral the
box office as well as the theater will remain
closed to-morrow (Thursday).
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE ¦WHITTLESEY.
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy.
THE TAMING OF
THE SHREW.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Next— Farewell week. Extraordinary revival
of "SAPHO." ;
MATINEE TO-DAY, "WEDNESDAY.'SSPT. IS.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
The Newest of the New!
Dorothy Morton, the Misses TJ«lmore
and Company, Mr. and Mrs. Xarsy
and Their Giant Myriophone, Stel-
la Lee, Marsh and Sartella,. George
W. Leslie and Company, Ernest
Hogan, Libby, Thayer and' Gil-
bert, and the Biograpb.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK Except
Thursday.
, ' TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF - ¦
JOSEPH HA WORTH
In Bulwer*s . Masterpiece,
"RICHELIEU.'' %
: On account of the President's fur eral the
box office as well - as the theater will remain
closed to-morrow (Thursday).
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office , Emporium. - .
Next "Week-JOSEPH HAWORTH In "DR.
JEKYIX. AND MR. HYDE."
CHUTES AND_ZtfO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
Amateur Night This Week on Friday,
THURSDAY BEING A NATIONAL DAY
OF MOURNING.
<¦••¦'•• ' Telephone ' for seats— Park , 23.
''FlRHHRR'Si concert house.
Von- .Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL* GALATEA."
Mae Tunison, the Bernards, the Gagnous, Billy
Knight, Dilges. • Mabel Martin and . our un-
rivaled orchestra.. ': . ¦
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEXT SATURDAY EVKNTNG. Seotember XL
8-NIGHTS-8-MATINEE SATURDAY.
Opening of the Kegular Combination Season.
1 Ivl V L and Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER,
Direct from Hoyt's Madison Square Theater,
New York.
PRICES— 23c. 25c. 60c. 75c. *L
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
On account of the . President's funeral the
box office as well aa the theater will remain
closed to-morrow (Thursday).
Next— "WEST'S BIO MINSTREX, JUBILEE.
EVENINGS AT 8 BHARPt
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
NOTICE— On acount of the President's fu-
neral the box office as -well as the theater will
be closed to-morrow (Thursday).
TO-NIGHT, Friday. Saturday.
"FAUST."
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
"PARMEN/V;
Next Mcnday— "NAEUCCO" (Nebuchadnezzar).
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 73c
t Telephone Bush 9.
BE!MSCO*»*THALi:&jfofR&
-r* ¦* mum car iuu.%
On account of the President's funeral the box
office, as well as the theater, will remain
closed to-morrow (Thursday). '
To-night and Friday and Saturday — Last ?« lghta
LAST MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY.
The Greatest Triumph Known in Years.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of tho Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING.
PEtt r>< Evenings 10c, 13c, 25c. 35c. 50c
rnlVC.3 Matinees ..'. 10c. 13c. 25o
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
Next Sunday Evening and All Next Week.
LITTLE LORD FAUNTLEROY.
f*ftl HRBHI9IH SA.1 FRA.1CISCIT5
hU LUrriiSSA IWI5QIHHTK
This Theater Will Be
Closed Thursday Night.
Z WEEKS. INCLUDING SUNDAYS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. MELVILLE STOLTZ Presents
T T SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play.
A MODERN CRUSOE.
An admirable ¦upportlnf company. Including
MISS IS A BELLE EVESSON.
PRICES— n 50. >1. 75c. 60c. 35c and 25c. -
Racinpjfeg Racing
AT CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB TRACK-AT
Under the Auspices of the
GOLDEN GATE RACING ASSOCIATION,
Beginning MONDAY. Sept. 15— Continuing
Eight Days.
Great TROTTING and PACING Eyents.
Three or More RUNNING RACES Each Dajt
Berkeley trains meet boats from foot of Mar-
ket street every half-hour direct to track.
' ¦'¦ ¦;,">, RACING! RACING! RACING!
SUTRO BATHS.
:t; : OPEN NIGHTS. ,
OPEN DAILY FROM»7 a. m. to 11 p. n.
" BATHING FROM 1 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c
Bathing: including admission. 23c: children. 20c.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists , and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. .
GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
TO THE HOLDERS 0t INDUSTRIAL POLICIES
OF TJbLK
« The Pacific Mutual Life Ins. Co. has retired from the Industrial Insurance
business, and, by a contract with. the Metropolitan Life Ins. Co. of New York, the
Metropolitan has agreed to assume all the Pacific Company's outstanding Indus-
trial policies, with the consent of the holders thereof.
The Metropolitan is the largest Industrial Company in the" country,. being aa
large as all the 6ther companies put together. 1 ¦
It has over $62,000,000 of assets, over $8,000,000 of surplus; nearly 5^4 millions of
Industrial" Policies in force for an insurance amounting to nearly, a thousand mil-
lions of dollars. „ .
It-paid over $8,000,000 In death claims last year and pays a claim on the aver- :
age every 'seven minutes. ' '
'¦ It ib the most liberal company in Its treatment of Policy Holders in the whole
country, or In the world.
For many years it has written. more Insurance annually than any other com-
pany in the world. * ¦ ; : ; •.: , ., .
In purely ordinary business, aside from the Industrial, It stood No. 4 last'year,
. being, preceded only by the. New York Life, the Mutualand the Equitable.
The Industrial field forces— Superintendents, Assistant Superintendents and
Agents— of the Pacific have for the most part joined the Metropolitan. They will ;
call upon the Policy. Holders and,/ Invite them to have their policies guaranteed
by the Metropolitan. " The Metropolitan agrees td carry oufin every respect,the"
policy contracts of the Pacific; so that the Pacific Industrial Policies willjiow
have 62 millions of assets behind them. New Policies will not be required. The
Pacific Policies will be stamped with a contract of assumption by the Metropolitan
.The Industrial Insurance-Offices of the Pacific have become'the offices of the
Metropolitan.,'.' r . : * .; \ .. -
. .' In this. city the, branch offices are as follows: >... ' .
"/¦%¦. H. F-- WRIGHT,- Superintendent.... Rooms 17-18-19, Donohoe Building
A. O. HARWOOD, Superintendent. 405 Montgomery St., San Fjandsco i
THE METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY
• Has Established Its Pacific Coast Head Office at
419 CALIFORNIA. STREET, SAN FRANCISCO,
As temporary headquarters until "more commodious ; offices can be' obtained: "and
.from this Head Office policies will be issued and claims paid." Ifwlll.be in charge
of SECOND.VICE PRESIDENT- GASTON and . of -ASSISTANT. SECRETARY-
ROBERTS. ' . "
, ; JOHN'R.; HEGEMEN........President V GEO. H. GASTOKT. Second Vice President
• HALEY FISKE . . . ....'. . .Vice President * GEO. : B. WOODWARD ... ... . ..Secretary *
.JAMES S.ROBERTS..:. Assistant Secretary' , "
AD V i£ JATISEMENTS.
Without doubt the food used in
infancy has a large influence on after
years in a child's life.
If the food given is of the proper,
character the infant builds up a
strong, rugged constitution that re-
sists disease and produces healthy,
happy childhood.
Healthy bibles like those shown in our book cannot be raised on a poor or improper food.
Their smiling, happy, healthy faces wUl convince you of the merits of Mellln's Food
without another word on our part.
Send for our book, " Mellin's Food Babfcs." It is free.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS,
vi 1 Vi^y! There never would
u I l\ WfSli b e an y more severe rheu-
U Jl B*V In/L^ll mat^ sm * n tf" s world if
everv one really knew how
mmmmm^^^—^ m ,aZmMm^£F good a medicine is Dr.
gjMi 1 1 ii HBi^BMaaM ii iiib mi w "¦¦¦¦"^ Halpruner's Rheumatism
S . If sufferers knew this — and every one ought to know
I it for their own good — Halpruner's would be in every
I home — in every medicine chest and used by every one just ,
¦ as soon as the first symptoms of rheumatism sounded the
I : For over 26 years Dr. Halpruner's Rheumatism Cure
I has restored rheumatics to health and pleasure.
I . It is a remarkable medicine that can cure any case of
I rheumatism, no matter how severe.
I Now don't let any one's doubts interfere with your
1 purchasing Dr. Halpruner's Rheumatism Cure, for you
I cannot get well without it,- and why should you suffer
I when Dr. Halpruner's Medicine will cure you? .
I Every druggist sells Halpruner's, but see that you
I get what you call for and call for > {
§ "My rheumatism has all dlsap- If your druggist has not Dr.
I peared and I feel thoroughly Halpruner's "Wonderful Pain Re-
B cured. My advice to any person Jt" „ „ .
I who may be suffering with rheu- mover, send direct to Halpruner
I matism Is to purchase Dr. Hal- Medical Manutacturlng Co., 28
I pruner'* Wonderful Medicine and California street. San Francisco,
B use it according: to directions. <-. , * , v. -r> ». •«. m
1 MISS EVA JACKSON. Cal - or telephone Busb 463, and a
B May 25, 1901, Marquam, Oregon. ; bottle will be delivered to you.
A Book 1
of Travel I
written on the pages of 9
your life by the loving B
hand of memory — the trip |
from San Francisco to Chi- I
cago on the 0
California I
Limited I
Leaves San Francisco 9 g
-/ a. m. Monday and Thurs- K
¦ day, arrives in Chicago 1
2:15 p. m. Thursday and g
.Sunday. The service is ¦
unexcelled. It's on the M
Santa Fe I
llIlieBIIIBBBIIIIBHIIIIBIIIIIHIBBIIIlllHIII
! iJV , "Just What I Want,"]
XS> ~fj^ iff "/ nm nervous and run down- now, but I gg
'* ures Nervous Men. ¦
! M^ Cures Female Weakness. ¦
J^^^^^^jM^^^ Cures Back Pains. * §
Cures Stomach Troubles. 3
S&S&' *&9X&i*^i fj&&%P$ 7 Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt is a popular ¦
i>3fn3&. ft&Z&X '-IteSfr&Z&^nfo. L reme<3v nowadays. It la the only remedy B
KBBBrrefe JB^^k2aeg>*» ; yffiaJBL s fl which will cure while you sleep. Just put it a
» " •iv&a&r^S^^f'rls&BS on when you g0 t0 bet3 « feel the warm glow- 2
/?'? VVsJSfl^^-iciS m^SSEF in * vitality soingr Into your weakened parts ¦
and reMorlns their life and vigor, and not a ¦
JB^^HKh & S^?7<r*" moment's inconvenience. H
H^wW <W§ ''fti'TO nc * you dont have to dose b
yiP/IB/ itllrMMR your * -P 001 * stomach with nastj B
KM*/!! .FV/W'JK drugs. This shows what it does. ¦
ffilw^ - RHEUMATISM ANlTsTOMACH CATARRH 8
WBrnMnSMmMmm TOMALKS. Marin Co., Cal., June 26, 1901. M
DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: One could not imagine the siege of Buffering I ¦
passed through from stomach trouble and rheumatism. I was Subjected to severe B
drug treatment, stomach pump treatment and diet treatment." without the least re- ¦
He£- t rrew disputed with them all and as a last resort tried your belt, , two years - 5
ago. In three days I could fling away my cane, and in three months was a new ¦
man, entirely cured, and felt better than I had for years. Several of my friends B
have since purchased your belU. I would not part with mine for $1000 if I could R
not cet another. Yours truly, ... . JOHN B. GUAT. m
This man was cured two years ago. , .¦¦... . 55
CDFF T T T F ?^ r l" r I w * 11 be.grls,d to give you a free test If you will call. Or S
irvLL 1 JL.O 1 I .will send you ray FREE BOOK, little book, with full ¦
Information, sealed, free If you will Eend this ad. v _ m
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, r02M<i *^;^ Ke<irny! g
i 1 * Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to i V. , |g
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BIIBHIBBIMBBBnEDBai
ADVERTISEMENTS.Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce
Continued on P^ge Eleven,
London' Wool Sales.
LONDON, - Sept.!" 17.— The ; fifth series ; of ' the
1901 ".wool auction sales- opened? to-day. --The'- at
tendance was . unusually large and buyers were
LONDON,. Sept. 17.— Consols, 93 13-16; silver
27d*. French rentes, lOlf I SOc. Wheat cargoes
on passage,^ steadier; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 28s 9d;, cargoes- Walla ; Walla - 27s
9d : English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 17.— Wheat, steady No
I .Standard California, '5s lld@5s ll%d; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour , in - Paris.' firm;. French
country markets, quiet; and: steady; weather
in England,- rain. *
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d. : " - 1 - -,:.-'
The Corn Exchange will be closed -Thursday:
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON,
T^2^ A ' t,, Sept - ".-Wheat-Unchanged;
Club, 54%c; Bluestem. 55%c.. , •
B PORTLAND. Sept. 17.— Wheat— Walla "Walla
53%@54%c; Valley.- 56c;; Bluestem, 56c. \~- ' -
OREGON.
Northern Wheat' Market.
Portland's j Business.
PORTLAND/ Or., Sept. . 17.-Clearlngs ' ! $419,
793; balances. .$45,916.. V- .
The market for evaporated apples was steady
to ' firm all day on liberal orders, ¦; but prices
were not quotably higher. -.,' State, < common . to
good," 5®8c; prime.' 8%@8%c; choice, 9c; fancy
9% «?9%c. .-¦.:.- - ... ¦. . - .-..,-,...:
• California dried fruits ruled dull but steady
at old prices. 'i^^^SSBBaUiK^ ¦ -
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW . YQRK,. Sept. 17.-FLOUR-Receipts.
36.000 barrels; exports, 7500 barrels.' More ac
.tive and . stronger. * . . . , -. -' >
WHEAT— Receipts,' 750,600 bushels. ; '¦¦_ Spot,
strong; No. 2. red, 77%c f. o. b.>aaoat; 5 No. 2
red, 77%c elevator; No.* 1 Northern i Duluth,
77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,' nom
inal. Options generally- strong all' day, • with
the corn advance. ¦ Shorts covered freely and
there. was a little 'outside buying, 'with offer
ings . scant. ¦ Closed • strong at : %@lc ' net ¦ ad
vance. ' May. 79%@80%c. closed," 80%c ; Septem
ber. 74%@75%c, closed .75c; -October. ¦ 74 -5-16®
75c, closed- 75c; December, 76 .7-16@77%c'
closed 77%c. • . ¦ v
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No, 7 Invoice
C%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8®ll%c. Futures
closed quiet at 5 points higher. Total sales '
164,750 bags, Including: ¦ September. 4.85c;' Oc
tober. 4.90c; November. 4.95c; December olOc-
February.- 5.30c; March. 6.35c; July 5 65c
SUGAR— Raw, steady: . fair refining ' 3 5-l6c
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; Molasses sugar 3c •
refined, steady. ~ •
BUTTER— Receipts, , 11,400 . packages.; Firm-
State : dairy. ,14@18%c; ~ creamery, 15%@20>«c'
Juno packed, factory. 14@15%c , 7. ?
EGGS— Receipts, 11,704 packages. Firm •
Western candled, 17@18c; ; Western, uncandled*
13%@16%c. - , -
NEW YORK, Sept. 17— The market for cot
ton futures opened firm and 3@5 points higher
on active room covering and some reports from
bull factions. The close was firm with prices
netlS@19 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
* APPLES— 75c@$l 23 per box for good to choice
and 35® (ioc . for ordinary.
I This market Is well nigh featureless.- .It
never Is very Interesting at this time of the
year, when tlie summer 'fruits are disappear
ing. Grapes " are selling well enough at prices
which . show little : change from day •; to day.
Pears are -- higher, ¦¦ with moderate supplies.
Peaches are plentiful and not very active, and
Plums are dwindling, both .in ¦ quantity and
demand. .Nutmeg Melons rule firm, but Canta
loupes and 'Watermelons : are . weak ¦ and quiet
at 1 lower' quotations, the latter being,particu
larly „ weak, owing to. the crisp weather.- . • ,
;. Citrus fruits are in : good supply and weak
as ; a rule. - Lemons are;ofl! a little. The Pan
ama • steamer - brought - up 556 : cases , Mexican
Llmes.j '.' -. : - ,'• ; . " ' ¦: ¦ ». . ;.•
Good Apples are firm and meeting .with'' an
Improved .demand. . - _ _' \
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The demand i for medium and lower . grade
Eggs Is reported better, but ranch are not
moving very briskly, owing to the high prices.
Stocks of all kinds are moderate. -.
Cheese is steady, with fair stocks. • J
Butter still drags, but quotations I show no
further change worthy of note. 1 There is
plenty here. . , ¦
I Receipts were 16,700 pounds of Butter, j —
pounds ¦ Eastern Butter, 423 cases of Eggs, 610
cases Eastern Eggs, 14,000 pounds of California
Cheese. ' ¦ ' •• . . - .
BUTTER— Creamery. ¦ 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22%@23c for seconds; dairy, -18@22%c; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18(g21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Kegr, 18@19c per . lb.V ¦
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old. i 10%c: Young
America, 12»4c per lb ; . Eastern, , 13@15c. .
¦EGGS — Ranch. 30@3ic for choice to • fancy,
and 26®29c for fair to good ; store, 22@25c per
dozen; cold storage, 22@22%c; Eastern, 17@22V4c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The temperature has continued nearly nor
mal. Northerly winds have prevailed in most
tections, but no damage has been done. Fruit
drying- has progressed rapidly and grapes and
late deciduous fruits have been benefited by
the clear, warm weather. Grapes are yield-
Ing- a better crop . than expected in many
places. Prunes and Sal way peaches are yield
ing good crops in Yolo and Solano counties.
Oranges and -olives are In excellent condition
and (rood "crops are expected. Tree pruning
has commenced. Hop picking is completed in
th : fields around Wheatland : . the yield is
above average and quality excellent. Grain
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
Raisin making and fruit dryinp have pro
crerEed rapidly, conditions having been un
usually favorable in most sections during the
week.. The greater part of the first crop of
raisin grapes is on the trays. In some sections
the yield of crapes is said to be better than
expected and the quality is excellent in all
places. Late peaches, and apples are yielding
good crops. Citrus fruits are In excellent con
dition. Irrigation water continues plentiful.
The sxaln and hay crops are being thrashed
and baied. but shipments continue lipht. owing
to the labcr troubles. In some sections tem
porary buildings are being erected for the pro
tection of the wheat and barley crops, which
it is feared cannot be moved before the rainy
season begins. Warehouses "are rapidly filling
up and there are still large quantities of grain
unthrashed. Hop drying and baling are pro
gressing; there is more than an average crop
in co:ne localities and the quality is excellent.
B^an harvest will soon commence in Ventura
¦Countr; there will probably be a heavy crop.
Sugar beets are yielding; a good crop. Corn
and vegetables continue ¦ thrifty.
Nearly normal weather conditions have con
tinued during the week throughout the State.
"Northerly winds have prevailed In some sec
tions and light showers have occurred on the
northwest coast, but no damage to crops has
resulted.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop section of
the weather bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.-Speclal cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following | changes in available sup
plies from last accounts:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
tha Rockies, increase, 2.484,000 bushels. Afloat
fpi- and in Europe, increase. 100.000 bushels.
Total supply, increase, 2.584,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 444,000 bushels.
... Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
•Rockies, increase, 1,452,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchi
son, 78%; Canadian Pacific, ,114%; Denver and
Klo Grande, 48%; "Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 98; Northern Pacific preferred, 100;
Southern Pacific, 69%; Union Pacific preferred,
90%. Bar silver, steady, 27d per ounce. Money,
1@1% . per cent. ...
CLOSING.
The stock market to-day was firm, but the
Idleness was accentuated by the closing of
the exchange on ( Thursday, owing . to the
funeral of President McKlnley, by the Czar
holiday In Paris on Saturday, by the Jewish
holiday on Monday and by settlement on Tues
day. The London Exchange received grateful
acknowledgment of Its sympathetic mesrages
to the New York and Philadelphia exchanges.
The American department opened firm, but
prices eased on profit-taking and some cautious
bear selling Induced the. belief that the pace
had been overdone. The quietness was marked
after yesterday's rush. Prices hesitated after
the New York opening, then hardened, closing
buoyant. There was strong buying of Erie
and less active support of Missouri, Kansas
and Texas, Pacific, Chicago, MI1
waukt* and St. Paul and Southern stocks.
NEW YORK. fi«pt. 17,-The Commercial Ad
vertleer's London financial cablegram says. -
London Market.
OILS— Linseed ¦ has again advanced. Califor
nia Castor Oil. fn cases. No. 1, 70c; pure' $1 ~>0-
Linseed . Oil. < in barrels, boiled, 74c; raw, 7»c :
cases, 5c more; Lucol. 59c for boiled and 57c for
raw In barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained
barrels,* 80c; cases, Sjc- ~h!na Nut 55@72c per
gallon; pure Neatsfoot # . barrel*. 67c; cases
72%c; Sperm, pure, 63." ' Whale Oil, natural
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c; Sole Leather, light
25@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27g2Sc; Rough
Leather, 'light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
38®39c for No. 1 and 30<g33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30Q37c: Harness Leather
light.- 29«?35c; Skirting. 36@40c; Collar Leather'
l.".(S16c per foot: Kip. unfinished, 40@50e per lb'
Veal, finished, 16@17c~.per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14@lGc; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26@ 28 per ton ;¦ Stick
$18@20 per cord. .:• . - - .
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to fancy washed:
8@10c for fair to strictly good washed; 7@7%c
for good to superior unwashed; 8%©8%c for
good .to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10%@l3c for prime
to fancy washed ; 9@10c for strictly good
washed; 8%@9c for good washed: 7%<i8%c for
fair, washed: 6%@7%c for medium; 5@ti%c for
inferior to ordinary; 9^11c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 8@9c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7%@7%c for good to su
perior unwashed.
Salvador— ll@12%c for strictly prime washed:
8%@10%c for good to prime washed; 7%@8%c
for fair washed; 10@llc for good to prime
washed peaberry; 7%@8%c for good to prime
semi-washed: 7%@8c for superior unwashed: 7U
@7%c for good green unwashed; 8%@9c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry; 5%@6%c for
common to ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— New flsh are coming in
right along. Quotations- show no change. Bun
dles, per lb. 5c; cases, regular, 5%c; cases, ex
tra large; 5%c; cases. Eastern style, 6%c; Bone
less, 6%c; "Norway," 6%c: "Narrow Gauge,"
7c; "Silver Kin?," 7%c: Blocks. "Seabrlght,"
7%c; Tablets, 8c; Middles, "Golden State,"
7%c; Middles. "White Seal." 8c; 5-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless,
7%@8c; Desiccated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod,
barrels, each, $7 50; Pickled Cod, half-barrels,
each, ?4 50.
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 13@13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 10%@llV£c for prime'
washed; 9%@10c for good washed; 9%@U%c for
Mod to prime washed peaberry; 8%@9%c for
fair tt> prime peaberry: 8%@10c for good to
prime; 7® 8c for fair; 6%<@6%c for common to
ordinary.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company quotes
as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb; .Sisal size,
10c: Bale Rope. 9%c; Duplex. 9c. Terms, 60
days, or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots of
10.000 lbs, lc less.
CANNED FRUITS?— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ple*, It l.vfiis.'.; Apricots, iifti r,o; Cherries,
black, flfiO<32; do. white, $1 r.ito/2; do. Royal
Anne. $1 60@2 13; Peaches, yellow, 11 2>3l «5;
do. Lemon din*. It 3<vai 73; Bartlett Peara,
11 25@1 73; Plums, 90c<OH 25; Nectarines, W®
1 60; Muncat' Grapes. 93C0I13S; Quinces, II mi
1 56; Strawberries, 11309175; Raspberries, »l ,V,
<W2; Blackberries. J130TilW).
COAL— Wellington. 13 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, t9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, |6 60; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 73
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
CannH. $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags are weak at the
decline already noted. | The aeanon la about
over. Calcutta Grain Bags, 7H($7%c; local
mak«, He less than Calcutta!: Wool Bags, 320
35c: Fleece Twine, 7V4'ff8c; Fruit Bags, 5%®6'/4c
for cotton and 7(fT7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1;- Rab
bits. $1@1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
English Snipe, $3 50; Jack Snipe, |2 50 per
dozen. ¦ •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9<ft\0c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16@18c;
Geese, per pair, $1 r.O'Sl 75; Goslings, $1 50(51 75;
Ducks, J3*t4 (or old and $3 50@3 for young;
Hens, {3 B0@4 for. common and $4 50@5 for
choice; young Roosters, $4 50@5; old Roos
ters, $3 SOiS^; Fryers, $3 50® 4; Broilers, $3^3 50
for large and $2 60@3 for small: Pigeons. $1 25®
1 50 per dozen for old and 91 50@l 75 for Squabs.
Game Is dull and nominal, and will probably
continue so all the season under the new 1 law.
There have been five cars of Eastern on the
market since Sunday, and prices are giving
way under the pressure. , Stocks are too heavy
and. the market to dull.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— 75c@$l 25 In sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40@l 65;
Sweets, 50(3"5c for Rivera and $1 for Merced.
' ONIONS— 90c@1l 10 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l<S2c; String
Deans, 2<$5c; Lima*, 3ff?4e; Cabbage, 40frj.v>o
p«r ctl; Tomatofs from the rlvfr, 20<3S5c; from
Alameda, 25«J4Oc; Dried Peppers, 10#12%c:
Green Okra, 40iK60c per box: C'arrotn, 2B®35c per
sack; Cucumbers. Uay. 25(Q3Sc; Pickles, 1%i&
l%c per lb for small and %if?le for large; Gar
lic, 2^3c; Green Pepper", 30ift*0c per box for
Chile and 20®3Sc for Bell; E*b Plant, 2S@»flc
per box; Green Corn, t0f(?85c per sack; Alameda,
7!icS$l 25- per crate; Berkeley, fiOfi75c; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 20<gF3ftc; now Marrowfat
Squash, $1QY(12 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10
0 12.
The feeling In Potatoes Is steady, though
prices show little change. There Is not much
variation In Onions, and the demand for them
is not as brisk as it was. .¦¦
The Vegetable market stands about as be
fore. • All kinds are In ample supply.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official, temporarily in charge.
FORECAST.
Fair wrathpr prevails over the Pacific' slop*,
except foggy a Inn* the Northern California
ci a«. An area of high prcxnure in r*ntral in
th«- British lVjfn*K*lon»i north of Montana,
•while an area of low prf»*«ure overlies Southern
OallJotiila and Arizona. The pressure has
fallen slowly over the country west of the
l'.ocky Mountains.
The f-mpcrature changes have been slight In
all district* on the Pacific slope and are gen
erally above the normal except along the Cali
fornia coast. In the Interior of California the
temperature ranges from 90 to 100 degrees.
KorecuFt made at San Franclnco for thirty
hoursVndinit mldnlpht. September 18, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy or foggy along the coast; fresh west
wind.
Southern California-Fair Wednesday; light
wept wind.
Nevadar-Fair Wednesday; light northerly
wind.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
and foggy Wednesday; fresh west wind.
STATIONS. I I ||i 0| It f
Baker S0.02 72 40 N Clear 0
Astoria 30.04 76 66 NW Clear 0
Carson 28.92 84 46 E Clear 0
Eureka 29.92 64 50 SW Cloudy 0
Fresr.0 29.74 100 €2 W Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.00 82 40 W Clear 0
Pocatello. Idaho... 30.04 72 28 W Clear 0
Independence 29.72 90 64 SE Clear 0
Los Ans*-les 2».S6 74 66 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.68 104 70 EW Clear 0
Portland 29.96 S2 58 NW Clear 0
T.Pd Bluff 23.74 ICO 66 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29. SO &6 46 NW Clear 0
Sacramento 29.76 ft4 £8 B Clear 0
Kalt Lake 20.04 70 46 NW Clear 0
San Francisco 2&.SS £$ £0 SW Pt.Cldy 0
Fan Luis Obifpo... 29.92 72 52 W Clear 0
Han Diego 29.86 fiS 64 NW Clear 0
Seattle SO. 06 76 48 NW Clear 0
Spokane 30. OS 70 40 NW Pt.Cldy 0
N*ah Buy 30.0« ©5 4S «W Clear 0
Walla Walla 30.01 ',% 46 NW Clear 0
\Vinn*mueca 29.P2 « 42 NW Clear 0
Yuma...: 23.« 106 72 W Clear 0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
PORK — Live hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6®6%c:
over 200 lbs, 6%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 50 r*i* cent oft and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs; 7%Q9Vic.
The decline In Hogs seems to be checked and
local packers are rather looklna" for some re
covery, as arrivals are not large now and the
market is steadying. Other meats are in suffi
cient supply and quotations show no change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6'g6%c for Steers and 6@5%c per lb
for COWS.
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewea, 6®6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7(ff8e per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ..
'Stock— • --.vjfl-f'i Sales High Low Close
Atchison 31.600 76V4 74% 75
Atchison pfd 4.300 96V4 95% i 95%
Baltimore & Ohio 3,600 103 102 10'ii
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 500 93V 93% 93U
Canadian Pacific 1,300 111% 111 11114
Canada Southern 2,000 77V4 77 76
Chesapeake & Ohio 4,200 46V4 ' 45% 46%
Chicago & Alton 1.900 39 38 37%
Chicago & Alton pfd. '78
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 4,500 43tf 42 42Vi
Chgo. Ind & Louis pfd.. 400 76 75 74%
Chifo & Eastern III .... 125
Chgo & Great Western.. 3,200 , 24V4 23% 23"i
Chgo & G W A pfd 7 S3
Chgo & G W B pfd 600 49 49 4$
Chgo & Northwestern... 300 195 194' 194
Chgo, R I & Pacific... 4,600 144V4 141 " 143
Chgo Terminal & Trans 700 22»4 21% 21V4
Chgo Term & T pfd 1,000 41% 41 40%
C C C & St Louis 1,900 97% 95% 95
Colorado Southern .1,200 14% 14 . 14-
Colo Southern 1st pfd 600 .64% 54% 54U,
Colo Southern 2d pfd 900 26 25Vi 25%
Delaware & Hudson.... 800 165 163% 163
Del, Lack & Western... 200 224 224 222
Denver & Rio Grande... 1,500 41% 46% 46%
Denver & R G pfd.. 700 94% 93% 93%
Erie 44.900 43% 42% 42%
Erie 1st pfd....; 6.200 71% C9% 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1,700 6794 57 67
Great Northern pfd 400 184 184 183%
Hocking Valley .... .... .... 52%
Hopking Valley pfd...... " .... . 7414
Illinois Central 1.000 145% 145 144
Iowa Central 300 89% ' - 39 * gg
Iowa Central pfd 200 72 72 71%
Lake Erie & Western... 1,000 65% 65 SiK
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 100 125 125 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 8,200 103% 102% 10*«.
Manhattan Elevated ... 45,700-121% 118H 119%
Metropolitan St Ry...;.. 4,200 165% 162% 162
Mexican Central 700 24% 24 : 24%
Mexican National ...... 8OOM4»4. 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis.... 600 109 108Vi- 108
Missouri Pacific :... 2L500 .104% 102%: 103%
Missouri, Kans & Texas •-: 700 29 * 28% 28%
Mo, Kans & Texas pfd.. LOOO 56 64 MW
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— The occasional
rtrength In to-day's stock market was not
very convincing and as^ the day progressed
proved less and less so/ The market closed
distinctly weak, with practically all of the
early gains completely wiped out and the
average level of prices well below last night.
This was perhaps a natural reaction from the
violent rebound of prices yesterday. The arti
ficial stimulants which were applied to the
market yesterday to maintain it against the
expected pressure were withdrawn to a con-
Fiderable extent to-day, even this having dem
onstrated that they were not needed. Sup
porting orders continued in the market to-day
and there was considerable manipulation also
for the rite. This was particularly evident
after the reaction in prices which followed the
opening dealings. The recovery had the effect,
which was probably designed, of checking the
disposition to realize on the part of traders.
A number of special stocks were selected
then for a demonstrative upward movement.
The Influence on the general list
which was exercised by these tactics was
taken advantage of to take profits by the
large financial interests which bought/ to hus
tain the market yesterday and in tM slump
of Friday. The large reduction in the short
interest which was caused by the buying to
cover forced by yesterday's advance made
lteelf manifest In the much smaller competi
tive demand for stocks from elsewhere. While
yesterday's rally had served ltd purpose of
restoring confidence, »o far as that had been
Jacking regarding the effects of the untimely
death of the chief magistrate, the tone of
the money market and other considerations
tending to repress speculation and normal to
this period of the year reasserted themselves.
The money market continued easy, as reflected
in the lower rates for call loans under the
Influence of the disbursements by the sub
treasury, but the reller In this quarter had
the natural effect of steadying the exchange
market and the expectation that announce
ment would be made to-day of engagements
of gold for Import was disappointed. The ex
change rate, however, hovers near to the gold
Import point and foreign bankers are making
constant Calculations as to possible profits on
a gold movement. London's change of position
In our f lock market from the buying to the
selling Fide was an additional 'Influence In
steadying exchange rates. The stocks selected
for the bull demonstrations were St. Paul,
Union Pacific. .Missouri Pacific, Sugar, the
New York Tractions and Western Union.
There were various minor stocks which rose
a point or more. Amalgamated Copper was
persistently weak and encountered heavy sell
ing on the early rallies. Late In the day it
fell 3 points below last night and closed at
a net loss of 2%.
The bond market was Irregular. Total sales
$2,308,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
Australian, scoured. basis, spot prices— Comb-
Ing^superflne, 73©74o: superfine, 70@71c; good,
68@70c; average, 65@67c.
Quotations: Territory, scoured baoln—Mon
tana, fine, 14gi6c; scoured, 44fl46c; nne me
dium. 14016c; scoured, 42^43c; staple, HKHMc
rcoured 46@48c;' Utah. Wyoming and Idaho,
fine, 13015c; scoured, 44iS45c; fine medium, 13©
14c:, scoured, 40@43c; staple, I8<S17c; scoured,
46<947c. '
BOSTON, Sept. 17.— The tone of the wool
market shows no weakn^ns, notwithstanding
the movement In wools has b»en quieter than
for Rome time past. These conditions do not
appear to disturb the equnnlmity of the deal
ers, who nay that the quiet market Is only to
be expected, after tho free purchases of the
pant few month*. ¦ Th« market express no
speculative feeling and , while manufacturers
are free buyers to cover orders, ; they are not
Inclined to pile up wool hocaune they think It
Is cheap. Territory wools continue to head the
list of sales. th*« demand being largely for fine
wools and for coarse grades.
Boston Wool Market.
Domestic Iron markets ruled quiet. Pigiron
warrants, $9@IO; No. 1 Northern foundry, fl4
<3>15 60; No. 2 foundry. Southern. $14(^15 50; No.
1 foundry, Southern, $14 75(515 25; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft, $14 75^13 25.
Glasgow warrants 54s 2d and Mlddlesboro
closed 45s 4',i'I.
Lead was unchanged at home and abroad.
closing at $4 37% and £12 respectively. Speltfif
was also unchanged at home arid In London,
closing at- $4 and £10 15s respectively.
NEW "YORK, Sept. 17.— Tin was practically
unchanged at London, but steady in tone. Spot
closed at £115 10s and futures at £113 10s, with
trade slow. Locally a steady undertone pre
vailed without any material change In values
being noted, spot standing at the close $25 49
@25 43. bringing buyers and sellers closer to
gether than for some time past. Copper in
London was a shade lower under realizing, the
close being easy at £67 6s 3d for spot on -£67
13s 9d for futures. Here the market was dull
and unchanged at $16 50@17 for lake and $16 37%
©16 62V4 for casting.
New York Metal Market
New Mustard Is offering at the quotations.
Bayo . Beans are lower. The other sorts show
little change. Old Beans are well cleaned up.
but the disposition is to stand from under as
regards the new crop, as it promises to be
large. Hence there are more sellers than buy
ers as far as most descriptions are concerned.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 65(92 75; Small White. $1 83
(85; Large White, *2 73®3; Pink. M 25®2 35;
Rod, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 35; Limas,
nominal; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 15; Yellow Mus
tard, $3 15<3'8 25; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3V«
@3Hc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1&
@2%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctL
Beans and Seeds.
Corn products are still higher. Otherwise
Feedstuffs are as before.
Hay continues unchanged, with a fair de
mand. There Is plenty coming in.
BRAN— $20 50<f?21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22fi23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23<g36; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal. $34@
35; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50; Mixed Feed.
J18 50019 50.
HAY— Wheat, S7«J9 50; Choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 60@9; Oat, $6®8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 60; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50. .
STRAW— 25@42Vic per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10V4c; medium, 9%c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6^c; Salted Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16@16V4c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c: Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, sheerllngs, 15<g30c each; short Wool,
30@50c each; medium, 50@75c; long Wool, 80c@
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50(82 75 for large
and $2@2 35 for medium. $1 50<&l 75 for small
and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. ''II 75 for
large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4>*<3 4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2V£@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14@
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c: do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10®12c.
Fall— San Joaquln. W3$*rici San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c. Middle County, 8!?10c; North
ern Mountain free, 9i@llc; do. defective, 8®9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— New, 12015c per lb.
Hops rule fl;m at the quotations, and the new
crop Is about ready for the market. In fact,
some have already been moved at Pleasanton.
There is nothing new in Hides.
Wool Is active, there being a good demand for
all classes, especially free stock, which sells
readily at top figures. The assortment of Falls
shows more variety, as will b« seen below.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Sept. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2100. Market, active, strong. 1 Natives,
12 80@6 20; Texas and Western, • $2 65@2 85;
cows and heifers, $1 25© 5: bulls and stags. $2
@4 65; yearlings and calves, $2 25@3 90; stock
ers and feeders. $1 85@3 75; veals, $2 50@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 5900. Market, active, 5<310c
higher. Light and light mixed, $6 50@6 77'. '2;
medium and heavy, $6 65@6 85; pigs, $3 50@6 10;
bulk, $6 65@6 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5. Market.' quiet.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Sept. , 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4600. including 600 Texans and 2000 Westerns.
No choice natives here and market steadier.
Good to prime steers,. $6@6 40; poor to me
dium, $4@5 80; stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 25;
cows and heifers, $2(S5; canners, $1 50@2 30;
bulls, |2@4 75; calves, $3^6 75; Texas steers, $3
@4 59; Western steers, fi 75Q5 35.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-raorrow,
12,000; left over. 2000. Active and 5@10c .higher.
Mixed and butchers, $6 30@6 80; good to choice
heavy. $6 70@7 07V4; rough heavy. $S 30(g6 60;
rough light, $6 75@6 SO; bulk of sales, $5 30@
6 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23.000. Slow and 10@15c
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 85@4; fair to
choice mixed, $3 55@3 80; Western sheep. $3 23
<@3 75; native lambs, $3@5; Western lambs, $4
@4 80. # X
Eastern Livestock Market:
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
I 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15<§3 25;
Oregon, {2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 10O lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, J4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat. J3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85®8 35;
in sacks.- *6 5O@8; Pearl Barley. *»; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $8 50 per 100 lbs. |
Flour and Millstuffs.
Bay C P C fis.106 106% [Oak Wat g 6s.I02}j —
Cal-st 5s US — Oceanic SS 5.1.1024103
C C Water 5s.lO8 l<mi 'Omnibus C 8s. 132 —
Ed L & P 6S...128H133H Pac O Imp 4s. — 10O
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & Cl H 8s. 109 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Pk & O R 8».117 —
H C & 3 5&s.lO«% — Powll-st R Ss. — —
Do 6s — - Sac E O R 5s. 95 -
Los Ang R Ss.llS 120 S F & 8JV 5s. 123 —
L A Llcht 6s.l01«i — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
Do gntd 6s. .100 — 8 P of Ariz 6a
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1909) 112% —
It A & Pac 5s. — lOCH (1310) 113% —
Do 1 c m 5s. — — S P of Cal 6a
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128H (1905). Ser A.109H110
Do 1 c m 5s.l20% — (1905). Ser B.1W, —
Nev CNOIi.- — (1906) 1U**U2%
N R of Cal 6». 113 — . (1912) 121% —
Do 5s 122% — S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01Vi — c gntd 5s 110 —
Do 5a — 1WH S P Br Cal 6s.l36^ —
Nor Cal R 5a.. Ill — S V Water 6s.lUH —
Oak Gas 5s 111 — Do 4s — 103>4
Do Trans 6s.l20 121 Do 4s. 3d m. — —
Do Water 5s. 102% — Stktn Gaa 6a..lO4 —
WATEH STOCKS.
Contra Coata. — 78Va|Port Costa 60 65
Marln County. 53 60 | Spring Valley. 83 8S*i
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P... 4 6 Pacific Light. — 46Vi
Equitable 3U 3*i Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4V» 5<« S F G <e E.... *2\i 42%
Oakland S1V4 — I Ban Francisco. 4 l 4 4*i
Pac Gas Imp.. — 40% I Stktn G & E.. 3 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. - 247 i iZ *X- t
Anglo-Cal .... — — L P ft A 153 159^4
California .... — — . Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.lOS — S F National. 127H129
First National.305 -
SAVINGS BANK 3.
German 1890 — Sav & Loan... — — '
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust. .1800 :f— *£¦
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ...."130 — lOSLt H.... 40 /—^N
Geary — 58 Presidio 82 —
Market 77H — |
POWDER.
Giant 74 74%|Vlgorlt $% 4
SUGAR.
Hana — 6V3 Kllauea 10 — '•
Hawaiian — 60 Makawell 24 —
Honokaa 11U 11% Onomea — 24^
Hutchlnson ... 15Vi Kh Paauhau 11% 12V*,
MISCELLANEOUS. M.j
Alaska. Pack. .137 139 1 Oceanic S Co. 46H 43%
Cal Fruit Can. — 9« Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — — Pac C Uorax..lSS —
Mer Ex 110 — iPar Paint It —
ISO Honokaa Sugar Co n BO
60 Hutchinson 8 V Co is 25
60 Makawell 24 7>
15 Makawell 21 50
50 Oceanic Steamship Co. 11 90 43 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 12 CO
ICO Paauhau S P Co. a 90 12 Ci
23 Spring Valley Water 83 60
Street—
15 Makawell 24 73
$I4.oiii) N I' C R R Sa bonda 10* 23
15 Spring Valley Water g$ 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder" Con 74 23
80 Hutchinson S P Co 13 23
10 Kllauea Susar Plan Co 14 23
50 Kilauea Sugar Plan Co 10 00
41.", Makawell 21 00
33 Makawell 24 23
20 Oceanic Steamship Co »•> 00
SO Oceanic Bteamahlp Co 44 CO
73 Oceanic Steamship Co 43 30
25 Oceanic Steamship Co. a 90 43 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co. s 90 45 ©0
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co, s 90 n 73
70 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 1200
260 S F Gaa & Electric Co 41 50
I8F Gas & Electric Co 42 gjVi
25 Spring Valley Water gg 50
110,000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtge).101 00
Street—
10O Equitable Gas •,. 3 55
25 Presidio Railroad ..'. 34 73
J1.C00 S F & S J V bonds ii23 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board — .
1<5 Hanford 00
500 Independence n
1000 Independence j^
50 Junction ". 28
500 Monarch of Arizona "*"* m
10O Occidental of West Virginia '*" w
200 Oil City Petroleum »s
40 Peerless "* 5 i
200 Petroleum Center ""' 01
27 Sterling -•" /»
100 Wolverine S3
Street— T : . -
1000 Monte Cr!sto » 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
BOO California-Standard n
10 Hanford vr» oft
100 Home 375
2000 Independence, b 60 !.'.'"."' 11
250 Independence .....'."." M '
300 Monarch of Arizona .*-"* 23
200 Monte Crlsto ' j 5j
40 Occidental of West Virginia...."."."." 43
./ MINING , STOCKS.
The following were th« snles Jn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchanno Board yester-
Mornlng Session.
300 Best & Belcher 20. 900 Chollar M
100 Caledonia 2S 500 Union Con"!.'!] 07
Afternoon Session. •
100 Best & Belcher 18 500 Sierra Nevada. r>
500 Best & Belcher 17 300 Union Con 08
100 Con Cal & Va.l 75 200 UnioS CoS !!!! Z
i«S ca ?..:::!:!! gj°» *•»«>* *«**. <*
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: «cinc
Morning Session.
500 Andes 02 500 Con Cal A V 1 77U.
50O Andes 01 400Ophtr^ 7!
:^ S 6 ?^* Belcher M SOOVnlon Con'!"" 07
100 Caledonia ..... 28 700 Tellow Jacket es
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 114 4s qr c (new).139 140}»
4s quar reg 113 113 Sa quar coup. .108 109
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY, Sept. 17— J p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "There
Is very little activity in any line on the spot
anJ th; market continues easy. Throughout
the whole list of dried fruits there is scarcely
an article that is wanted except in the small
est way to supply immediate needs. The
greater abundance of fresh fruits, the de
moralized raisin situation on the coast and
the near approach of new goods in all lines
are the -chief causes of the existing dullness.
Currants are easier on the spot, due to the
prospective arrival of new goods by way of
England in about a week and the slow de
ms.nd. Sales of Amelias, It Is reported, have
been made at SUc spot. New currants by first
steamer, due in October, are offered at various
prices. Good quality is selling at about 6c.
•'Supplies of new Valencia raisins were in
creased by the arrival of 10,000 boxes on the
Perugia lrom Denia. These goods offer at
fie. Domestic raisins are practically un
chansed. The coast situation is still very bad
end buyers shew almost no interest in .offer
ing cf new crop.
"New ganta Clara prunes are offered at
W4©5\4c basis for 40s and smaller, with a few
featured sales reported. Apricots are easier.
Falee of three cars of choice and fancy new
trocdE. to come from the coa»t, are reported
to a jobber, price not reported. Peaches are
steady and buyers show possibly a little more
interest. Choice Muirs are offered at 6^ic by
most holders, although sale of a single car
¦was rejx>rted made late in the week at Uc
lese.
"Evaporated apples continue very easy, but
quotations are nominally unchanged. No in
terest is taken in futures. Old waste Is dull
and chops entirely nominal. Future waste is
offered at 2',ic with no bids: future chops
at 2\c, with bids of 2V»c Raspberries are
wanted, but there are v#ry few to be had."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 17. 5 p. m.
The following- maximum temperatures were
reported frcm stations in California to-day:
nureka, H: Mount TamalpaiB. 84; Independ
ence, :-0; Red Bluff, 100; Fresno, 100; Los An
ppleF. 71: Sacramento, 94; San Luis Obispo,
',:¦. San Diego. €8.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SS: minimum. 50; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 84-66; Cincinnati, 80-52; Jacksonville,
SS-76; Kansas City, 62-44; Philadelphia, 84-72;
Washington, 8S-70; New York. 62-44.
THE COAST RECORD.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ¦ Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 674 5 7%
Closing 5 6% 5 V/%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 21 45 22 75
Closing 21 45 22 70
Flour— . ' •
Opening ...< 27 70 28 85
Closing 27 65 ,28 So
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13»sc for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14@14V2c; California Hams,
13%c: Mesa Beef. $11 per barrel; extra Mess.
J12- Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15: extra
clear, $23; Mess, >$19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and HV4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12c: 5-lb tins, 12Vic.
COTTOLENE— One Tialf-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Speculation is lively again at Chicago, owing
to the renewed excitement In Corn, and one
house yesterday bought 8,000,000 ribs. This
market stands precisely as before, there being
a steady demand, both for local and shipping
account. Supplies of Lard continue light.
Provisions.
Buslnas* In stocks continued dull yesterday
morning. The oil stocks were particularly quiet
and local itoclu and bonda were without fea
ture.
In the afternoon there waa some activity in
Oceanic at $45946. an advance. The sugar
stocks were weak, and several were slightly
Off.
Contra Costa Water Company dividend of 42c
and Port Coata Water dividend of. 30c were
both paid on the 16th.
The following dividends have been declared:
California Fruit Canners. 60c. payable on the
20th; California Powder, $1. on the 20th; Home
stake, a regular of 25c and an extra of 25c. on
the 26th; California Title Insurance, a quarterly
dividend, October 1-
Challenge is assessed 6c and Yellow Jacket
10c.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cool, forgy
weather was favorable to beans: some local
ities report half a . crop. A large crop of
almonds is being harvested; serious damage
was done by wind in some sections.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Crops continue mak
ing satisfactory growth. In some localities
bean thrashing and potato digging are in pro
gress. Oat harvest is nearly completed. -
Cool weather has continued during the week,
with heavy fogs at night along the coast.
Grain harvesting and thrashing are progress
ing. Barley is yielding. a fair crop,' but is of
poor quality. Corn is looking well. Deans
are in excellent condition and will yield a
large crop; harvest will begin soon in Ven
tura County. Grape picking is progressing in
San Diego County and the yield is reported
generally light. Walnuts are dropping in
some places. Irrigation water is plentiful.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,
Clear, warm weather has continued ' during
the week, with cool nights. Owing to the low
humidity conditions have been very favorable
for raisin making and fruit drying. - Large
quantities of grapes are being shipped and
the wineries have commenced operations. A
good portion of the first crop of raieln grapes
is on trays. Grapes are of excellent quality
and in many places the yield is exceeding
early- estimates. The prune crop Is light.
Melons of good quality are plentiful. Citrus
fruits are looking well. The fourth crop of
alfalfa has been gathered. Grain thrashing
and shipping continue. Sweet potatoes are
yielding well. Irrigation water is plentiful.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
shipments continue light, owing to labor
troubles.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Warm, dry weather has prevailed In most
sections during the week and conditions have
been more favorable for fruit drying and late
deciduous fruits. Light rain has fallen in
Humboldt County, greatly benefiting pasturage
and late crops. Hop drying and baling are
in progress. Grain thrashing and hay baling
continue, but shipments are light. Grape
picking is progressing and wine making has
commenced in Sonoma County. The grape
yield is estimated considerably below aver
age. A good crop of apples Is being gathered.
The frost on the 8th damaged - tomatoes,
pumpkins and beans in portions of Lake Coun
ty. ¦ Sheep shearing has commenced.
STOCK MARKET.
OREGON,
Flour, qr sks JMIBran, ska T04
Oats, «1. 3.520!
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER IT.
Flour, qr sks 720 Wool, bales 207
Wheat, ctls 1.8M Tallow. ctl» 218
Barley, ctls ».1M Sugar ctls ....... 5.J38
Oats, ctls 4.8S0 Qulck.llver. flsk. m
Beans, sks 1.795 Leather, rolls .... tf»
Wotatoes. sks .... 4.261 Wine, rah * 0 -™
Onions »k» ' 150 Hides. No 3S4
Bran ski \ ........ WJ Pelts. b<ll» *>
flay, 'tons m Lime, bbl* r,3
8traw, ton* __ II •';.« ¦
'Receipts of Produce.
The situation remains unchanged. The de
mand for fruits is still good, but the first rush
In Apricots and Peaches is over. Red Necta
rines and evaporated Apples are lower, but tlw
other fruits show no change. The demand for
new Prunes is good, and the market is quoted
steady at the prices quoted below.
Nuts and Honey show no change.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%®9%c for Royals and
8®12%c for 'standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7@8c: sun dried. 4<S4Hc:
Peaches, 6®8c; Pears,. *®9c: Plum*, pitted. 4@
5%c; unpltted. l®2c; Nectarines. 6®6c ¦ for red
and 5%@6V4c for white; Figs, 3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted aB follows, on
the basis of 3Vi@3V4c for the to}* r c uiini30»W*.
5V4<f?5%c; 40-50's, 6®5%c; 60-6<y«. 4%f 4%c:
60-70's* 4®4%c: 70-80' s. 3%®3%e; 80-Ws. 3<&3y*c;
90-100's. 2%®2%c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned up at 3#3Vic for the four sizes, with
some sales at concessions from these figures.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12®12%«:
No 2, 8(S8V4c; No. 1 hardshell, 10©10%c; No. 3.
8%®7%c; Almonds, 13® 14c for papershell, 10®>
lie for softshell and 6®6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts 6®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12®>12%c;
Filberts, 12®12%c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts,
"HONEY— Comb, 12®12%c for btiirht and 10JP
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 6%
06c; light amber extracted, 4Vj(3Sc; dark, 4®
'BEESWAX- 25®28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot charters continue
more or less nominal at . 37s 6d@38s 9d, j usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a. registered tonnage of .96.450, against .42,320
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
12,800 tons, against' 5575; on the way to this
port, 181,200 tons, against 158,350. ¦
. WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm and
Paris and Liverpool futures were higher, t
Chicago was dull, but the feeling was firm
and the market advanced l%c. There was still
a large short interest. Arrivals off the English
coast were large and receipts in the Northwest
were heavy. The visible supply of the world,
according to Bradstreet's,. showed an Increase
of 2,584,000 bushels, as follows: East of the
Rockies, 2,484,000 bushels; Europe and afloat,
100.000 bushels.
This market advanced lc on call, with more
activity. Shipping quotations, however, were
weaker.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 95®96%c; milling, 98%c
®$1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
Ctls, $1 00%.
. Second Session-2000 ctls. $1 00%; 6000, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctK
{100%; 22,000, $100%; May— 6000, $104%; 10,000,
$1 04%.
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 00%; May-2000 $1 04%.
BAKLEY— Conditions remain precisely as for
a month past and quotations show no change.
Were the strike over and cars more plentiful
there would be a better movement.
Feed, 73%©75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off gradei: Brewing and Shipping
grades, 80®85c; Chevalier, 95c® $1 05 per ctl.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No tales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The Government opened bids for 4000
tons yesterday< and if the contract is awarded
here the market will probably start into re
newed activity. At present there is little doing.
Receipts from Oregon are increasing, as will
be seen elsewhere, but the market up there Is
reported firmer. Quotations here are unchanged. -
Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites. $1 10f&l 30; black,
90c@?l 10. and red, $1 05(5:1 20 per ctl.
CORN— The Western markets are suddenly
active again over killing frosts throughout the
Corn belt, with more predicted. Chicago was
excited and advanced from 57%c to 60%c. Spec
ulation was increasing and a higher market
was expected. One house alone bought 2,000,000
bushels.
In this market Eastern . Corn, to arrive, was
offered at a fractional decline. There is no
local product here worth talking about. East
ern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62% for
White. $1 52% for Yellow and $1 50 for mixed.
RYE— Continues quiet at 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange continues to weaken.
Spot Wheat a fraction lozver and futures higher.
Barley quiet and unchanged.
Government opens bids for 4000 tons of Oats.
Corn excited again at Chicago.
Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay steady. Corn products advanced.
Beans unsettled and weak. New Mustard Seed offering.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Very little change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry in liberal supply and weak.
Fresh Fruit market quiet and featureless.
Dried Fruits continue to itwz}e off well.
Provisions in fair movement and steady.
Wool active and firm. Hides steady.
New Hops already moving in the interior. .
Hogs showing more steadiness. Other Meats quiet.
Grain Bags weak and quiet
No change in Canned Fruits.
Salt makes still another advance.
Another rise in Linseed Oil. . ,
Steady feeling in Wall street.
Light stock transactions in this market.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight...'.... — " -'• 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce- — ' 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Money on call, steady
at 2%<g5 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; rul
ing rate, 4% per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
E><3&% per cent. Sterling exchange, steady, at
the decline, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 84%@4 84% for demand and at S4 82%
TM 83% for glxty day*. Posted rates. *4 R3',4 and
14 86. Commercial bills, {4 81%<ff4 82%. Bar sil
ver, B8»4c. Mexican dollars, 45',jc. Government
bonds, steady; State bonds, firm; railroad
bonds, irregular.
Nr<v York Money Market,
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, ' Hocking Val 4%s..lO6V.
reg 108 L & Nash unl 4s. .101%
do coup lO&^a Mex Cent 4s 85V
«fo Ss reg 108 do 1st lnc .... 32H
do coup 108 Minn & St L 4s... .102%
do new 4s reg ...139 M K & T 4s 98Vi
do coup 133 do 2ds 83
do old 4s reg 112 N Y Cent lsts 105%
do coup 113 do gen 3%s 107
do 5s reg 108 N J Cent gen 5s...l29Vi
do coup 108 North Pac 4s 104*4
Atchison gen 4s... 104 do 3s 72',
do adj 4s 96U Norf & W con 4s. .102^
Bait & Ohio 4s 103»i Reading gen 4s 95^
do 3%s 95U St L & I M con 5s.ll5fe
do conv <s 106',* St L & S F 4s 95
Can South 2ds 106% St Louis S W lsts. 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 105 7 /8 do 2ds '. 78^
do 1st inc SO S A & Ar Pass 4s. 86
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO6 South Pac 4s 91
Chi & Alton 3Vis.. 84Vi South Ry 5s 116%
C B & Q new 4s... 962£ Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
C M & St P g 48..110V* Tol St L & W 4s.. So'
C & N W con 7s.. 140 Union Pac 4s 105
C R I & Pac 4s. ...106 do conv 4s 106%
C C C & St L g 48.102 Wabash lsts ..US
Chi Term 4s 94 do 2ds 110>4
Colo & South 4s... 88 do deb B 61* 4
D & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s 113
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 97% Wheel & L'E 4s... 90v»
do gen 4s 87»; Wis Cent 4s 88%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 103%
.NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2U Little Chief • 12
Alice 46 Ontario 11 PC
Breece 1 40 Ophir 7;
Brunswick Con ... 0(i Phoenix 03
Comstock Tunnel.. O6Vi Potoul '08
Con Cal & Va 1 65 Savage ..-. 01
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada..... 13
Horn Silver 1 75 8mall Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 25
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND' BONDS.
Money— iWestlngh Elec .... 71%
Call loans 5fi6 Bonds-
Time loans 5<g6 Atchison 4s 101%
Stocks— N E G & Coke os. 56
Atchison "74?» Mining shares —
do prefd 95% Adventure 28%
Am Sugar 131 '/4 Bingham Min Co.. 38
Am Telephone 162% Amalg Copper ....106%
Boston & Albany.. 257 Atlantic 37
Boston Elevated... 171 Calumet & Hecla..72O
Dom Coal 42% Centennial 27
do prefd 115% Franklin 18%
U S Steel 43% Humboldt 40
do prefd 93% Osceola 112^
Fltchburg prefd ..143 Parrot 60
Gen Electric 260«« Quincj ..: 170
Mexican Cent 24 Santa Fe Copper.. 6V^
N E G & Coke.... 6M Tamarack 345
Old Colony 206Vi Utah Mining ....... 28
Old Dominion 33% Wlnona 3
Union Pacific 97% Wolverines 66
West End 93%
New Jersey Central.: ' . . i^
WnLr? w ntral 4 ' 800 155% 163% 153%
S°I'° £ f Western 8.900 55 64 54%
Norfolk & Western pfd g6%
.S» M i»
1-P ist-pM::::::::-.: « : 88 --ft*
Reading 2d pfd .4,600 63% . 62% 62
St Louis & San Fran... 900 46V4 45% 45%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd.. .V... ¦ ..:. ..„ 78
c5 U ! S f S F 2d pfd.. 800 68% 68 67%
Et Louis Southwestern.. 600 --'SOU. 29% 29Vi
St Louis Southwstn pfd .800 63!i 63 .62%
gj £ au J 11,800 164% 160%. 161%
St Paul pfd 200 .188% ¦ 188 187
Southern Pacific ........ 35,800 C8% 57% 57%
Southern Railway 33.900 33% 32 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 3,400 ; 88V4 87% 87%
lexas & Pacific '2,100 43«i 41U 42V4
Toledo, st Louis & w.. .:.!: :.„ . :;„ 20
Toledo. St L & W pfd.. 33%
Union Pacific 109.300 100% 97%. 97%
Union Pacific pfd 100 88% 88% 88V4
Wabash 2,200 22% 22 21%
Wabash pfd .7,200 40 39% 39%
Wheeling & Lake Erie is
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .... .... 79%
Wisconsin Central; 900 23 ' 22% 22
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 44 . 43 42U
-Express Companies— .% • • ,'<i
Adams 180"
American , 190 :
United States .... 93
Wells-Fargo J60
Miscellaneous — - •
Amalgamated Copper... 64,950 109% 106% 106M
American Car & Fndry. 1,500 29% 29% 29%
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 100 85% . 85% 85
American Linseed Oil 19
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. 100 60 B0 " 46 :
Amer Smelting & Ref ng 1,800 46 45% 45%
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd 500 100% 100 99%
Anaconda Mining Co.... 2,200 45 44% 44V4
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 11,100 67 65% 65V4
Colorado Fuel & Iron.... 500 99% 98 99
Consolidated Gas 1,800 222% 220% 220%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 116 116 113%
General Electric 1,600 262 259'i 260
Glucose Sugar 700 57 67 56%
Hocking Coal ' 100 18% 18% . 18%
International Paper ..... 600 25 24% . 26%
International Paper pfd. 100 79% 79% • 79
International Power .... 200 95 95 94
Laclede Gas . ..;. .90
National Biscuit 500 44% 44 44%
National Lead 400 ' 20 20 19%
National Salt 100 41 41 41
National 8alt pfd .... 76%
North American 100 97% 97% 97
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Mall 600 42% 41 "41
People's Gas 9,200 110% 108% 108%
Pressed Steel Car. 600 41% ¦ 40% ' 4OV4
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 100 81 81 81
Pullman Palace Car BOO 210% 210% 210%
Republic Steel 3,800 14% 14 14%
Republic Steel pfd... 2.100 66% 66 66
Sugar 13.800 134% 130% 131U
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3,200 61% 63 62?i
Union Bag & Paper Co 16%
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 100 73 73 73
United States Leather.. 6,800 13U 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd 700 81% 80% 8OV4
United States Rubber... '. 18
U S Rubber pfd 100 56 56 55 •
United States Steel 31.600 44% 43% 43%
United States Steel pfd. 21,900 94% 91% 93%
Western Union 11,600 s 93% 92 92%
Total sales 762,800
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
whlte. 40@43c per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrel..
3 o'l^Vater White WOd.^. gj
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c: Artrml. 13c. war.
ass sis <ffi»M^3Ss»
21c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In <¦*»*?• *°?- 8^ ae
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; « n ,, casc »- 2^. e9 and
TURPENTINE— 38c per gallon in cases ana
52c In drums and iron barreU. &
qU S A n LT y -Is higher again H **.»*£*.
grades. Hlgglns'. $27 50«~~i30 p«r ton.
QUICKSILVER-$46 5O@47 5O per flask for lo
cal use and |40@43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c: Pow
dered. 4.95c: Candy Granulated. 4.9oc. Dry
Granulated. 4.85c: Confectioners A. 4.8oc. Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated. 4.7oc. Mag
nolia A. 4.45c: Extra C. 4.3oc: Golden *;.*•-*£•
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more. box".
50c more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No °f de "J£* e , n
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos half-barrels. S.35c: boxes. 5.S0c per lb
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. J18®19; extra sizes, hifher^ Red
wood. $18©19; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90«~4j Pickets. $j»
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 ••> for fancy.
Shakes $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic.
»23®29.'
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
CRABAPPLES-50®75o per box, according to
PLUMS^-40@60c per box;" Prunes, 50®75c per
CI PEACHES— 25@50c per box and »13©20 per
ton for Frees and $20@30 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, 40@60c, according to slie of carrier.
Mountain Peaches, 40@60c per box. 1
NECTARINES— Red, 73c per box for coia
POMEGRANATES— 75®S5c per box for small
and $1 25 for large boxes. .
PEARS-Bartletts, $1@1 75 per tox; Winter
Pears, 35@75c per box.
QUINCES— 3o@60c per box. -
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@6 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
RASPBERRIES— *3#7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@9c per lb *„.-.
FIGS— Black. 50c@|l for double layer boxes.
White. 35®73c. . ~,,...,
MELONS-Nutmegs, 35@83c per box;
loupes, 75c@$l per crate; Watermelons, w
. GRAPES-Large open boxes bring about^ 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontalnebleau
and Sweetwater. 40@50c per box and crate.
Tokay. 50@85c per box: Muscat, 50<!?.oc: Black.
50<f73c; Isabella, 60@S5c; White Cornlchon — — .
Wine Grapes. $25@23 per ton for Zlnfandel ana
$1S«?22 for white. ¦'• ¦ _ '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, o0c@j3; Lemons
$1@1 25 for common and %t 50@3 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. $102 50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples. $1 50@3 per dozen. -V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA:LL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 8, : 1901.
PRUNES-^394@7c. . ' ' ¦•>."i'\ - - ¦
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, ¦ s$12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. Il@l8c; unpeeled, 6@9%c
Chicago Grain Market.
present ' from ¦ all ¦ quarters. The selection of
11,707 bales . offered was of good quality and
brought | out active competition. Scoured sold
readily at 10 per cent advance and Merinos
were in Tree demand at 5 per cent higher prices.
Crossbreds were in large supply and sold well,
fine grades being in good request at 5@7/4 per
cent advance and coarse grades at par to 5 per
cent advance. ¦ > ¦¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— Wheat followed corn
throughout the session. December opened firm,
but with small trade and only „ moderate buy-
Ing by commission houses, %c to %@Mo higher
than yesterday at 70%c to 70%@70%c. Offering*
were small but with the flurry In corn shoris
began to cover. An outside demand developed
and soon sent the price to 71c. Here the mar
ket held for a time, but soon again began to
feel the effect of a strong bull movement and
touched 72c, closing l%c higher at 71%@72c.
• Corn was active and strong on frost reports
and easily led all markets. Some longs took
profits after the opening rise, but the scurry of
shorts kept the market well up. ¦ December
touched 6u%c, closing strong at 60%c.
Oats felt the influence of corn and had a
strong market. December closed at 37%c. a
gain of l%c. , ,
Provisions felt ' the Influence of the rise In
the coarser grains. January Pork closed
strong, 17%c higher, Lard ' and Ribs strong,
with gains of 22%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. Z- . . . ¦
September. 68% 69% 68% 69%
December .71 ¦ 72 70% 72
May 74% 75% 74% 75%
Corn No. 2— , .
September ......... 564 68% 56% 68%
December 68% 60% 68 60%
May 60%. 62T4 -69% 62%
Oats No. .2—
September 35% 35% 34% 35%
December 36% 37% 36% 37%
May 38% . 39% 38>i 39%
Mess Pork; per barrel— :
October 14 77% 1*95 14 77% 14 90
January .' 15 85 16 10 15 85 16 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 9 62H 9 67}i 9 62% .9 67%
October 9 60 9 67% 9 57% 9 65
January 9 20. 9 35 9 20 9 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 65 8 70 8 65 8 70
October 8 65 8 70 8,65 8 70-
January ; 8 17% 8 37% 8 15 8 30
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@68%e; No. 2
red, 71©71%c; No. 2 yellow, 58©58%c; No. 2
white, 38@38%c; No. 3 white. 37%@38%e; No.
2 rye, SB'S 57c; fair to choice malting barley,
65<&C3e; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 62; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 63; prime timothy seed, $5 3S; mess pork,
per barrel. $14 90014 96; lard, per 100 lbs, $3 67%
@9 70; short-rib Bides (loose), $8 65^8 75; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $7 SO® 7 75; short clear
sides (boxed). $9 25@9 35; whisky, basis of
high wines, 11 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 365,000 176,000
Corn, bushels 301,000 725,000
Oats, bushels 227,000 370,000
Rye, bushels 23,000 ¦¦•
Parley, bushels 99,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14@2Oc; dalryi
13017c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh. lS^c.
8
fern's ShTsE IV. » Mar-
ket sL. S. F. i
AUCTION SALESPacific Coast district— M. C. Harris, superin
tendent. Fresno, G. Tsuruda: Los Angeles,
N. Kawasaki; Oakland. C, Nakamura; Poca
tello, Idaho, to be supplied; Portland, Y. Sekl
zowa; Riverside, to be' supplied by K. Tama-
Japanese Mission.
Fresno. L. Dahlgren; KIngsburg. J. R. An
drews: Los Angeles, A. Wallen; Oaklanl. A.
J. Gustafson; Paso Robles. to be supplied by
C Johnson; Sacramento, N. G. Nelson? San
Francisco, J. C. Wahlberg.
N. C. Nelson, presiding elder.
Swedish District.
Honolulu (English), G. L. Pearson; Hon
olulu (Japanese). G. Motokawa; Aiea and
Walpahu, T. Takahashl; Hana circuit, to be
supplied by S. Imal; Lahalna, E. Tokamnsa;
Kona circuit, to be supplied; Kula and Kihei,
to be supplied; H. Kihara left without ap
pointment to attend one of the schools.
G. L. Pearson, presiding elder.
J. D. Hammond, presiding elder:
Courtland, to - be' supplied; Dutch Flat, to
be supplied; Oakland, to.be supplied by Wal
te- N. Fong; Sacramento,' to be supplied by
Man Chee and Yee Hong; San Francisco.
Jackson street Amen June, Washington street
Chang Lok Shang; San Jose, to be supplied;
Stockton, Jee Eck. J. E. Gardner, professor
In the American Chinese College; Tue Kwai,
Instructor in the American Chinese College.
Hawaii District, v.
Chinese District.
agent, alumni endowment fund, University of
the Pacific; ' W. D- Crabb, work among sea
men. ¦ • - '¦ .
Detecting a baleful glimmer in the eye
of the crank, and sensible of the dangers
that lurk in the path of the great, the at
taches of the office refused his request and
sent a hurry call to the police. Chief of
Police Sullivan responded in person, and
escorted the crank to the office of .the
Commission of Lunacy, where Dr. F. W.
Hatch recognized him as a former inmate
of the Agnews Asylum.
Carp -said he had been working in
Truckee, and that by coming into the heat
of the valley his brain had become affect
ed. ' He was given money enough to return
to the more soothing clime of the moun
tains.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 17.— A crank vis
ited the office of Governor Gage late yes
terday afternoon, and created a commo
tion. He gave his name as John Carp, and
demanded to see Governor Gage. Asked
by one of the secretaries what he wanted
of the Governor, Carp said he desired to
see him in order to have Mrs. McKinley
helped financially. He believed this could
be done by having Grover Cleveland come
to the front with his wealth to.- support
the widow of the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRANK INVADES
GAGE'S OFFICE
NEWS was received yesterday- of
the death of Otto Muser, a well
known " citizen ,, of* this city, who
was. sojourning; In Europe for" his'
health. The cablegram announced
that he died. In Brussels 16
business of Importing goods for a New
York house.
Within, the past nine months he lost
three brothers. He was interested in the
work, of a number of charitable institu
tions. He leaves a wife and no children.
He was 59 years old. . ,.
OTTO MUSER. A PROMINENT RESIDENT OF THIS CITY, WHO DIED
SUDDENLY IN BRUSSELS, HAVING GONE THERE TO CONSULT
EMINENT SPECIALISTS ON DISEASES OF THE HEART.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 17.— C. F. Freitag, an
active business man of San Jose for a
quarter of a century, died here this even
ing of cancer. 'He was a native of. Ger
many, aged 58 years, and leaves a widow
and one daughter.
Cancer Causes His Death.
LONDON. Sept. 18.— Solicitor Maddison
has filed the necessary papers. In the suit
for divorce brought by Lord Francis
Hope against his wife, formerly May
Yohe, who is now in Japan with Putnam
Bradlee Strong. Copies of the documents
have been forwarded • to i the wife's - law
yer in the United States.. : . .
General Chaffee will recommend that
Lieutenant Hazzard of the Third Cavalry
be awarded a medal of honor for captur
ing Arthur Howard; tne American de
serter, under exceedingly brave circum
stances.
Aguinaldo has written to Civil Governor
Taft and Military Governor Chaffee, say
ing that he regrets, with the rest of the
American nation, the great loss suffered
by the people of the United States in the
death of President McKinley.
General Funston is in the hospital suf
fering from appendicitis. He probably
will be operated upon.
MANILA, Sept. 17.— General Hughes has
expelled the agents of Smith & Bell and
Warner & Barnes from the island of Sa
mar for rendering aid to the insurgents
in Manila by buying hemp and other pro
ducts, knowing that the money was go-
Ing to the insurgents. The British Consul
requested General Chaffee to suspend the
order, but the general refused to do so,
and the Consul has gone to Samar for the
purpose of personally investigating the
matter.
and Will Undergo Ope
ration.
General Is in the Hospital at Manila
TUNSTON SUFFERING
FROM APPENDICITIS
Lecture Postponed.
The Twentieth Century Club will not
We, on behalf of Loyal Mission Lodge No
7494, I. O. O. F. (Manchester Unity), do humbly
beg to tender you our heartfelt and deepest
sympathy In this your hour of great trial and
sad bereavement. May God in his infinite wis
dom, goodness and mercy strengthen and com
fort you In the presence of your irreparable
loss.
Loyal Mission Lodge I. O. O. F. (Man
chester Unity) adopted the following res
olution, a copy of which was ordered sent
to Mrs. McKinley:.
Message of Condolence.
Past Grand Chancellor H. R. Arndt and
Grand Keeper of Records and -Seal Her
man Schaffner have notified all subordi
nate lodges of the Knights of Pythias In
the domain of California that "memorial
service in honor of our late and lament
ed brother, the Hon. William McKinley,
the recently murdered President of these
United States of America, will be held un
der the auspices of our order in Metropoli
tan Temple on Sunday, September 22, at 2
p. m." All Knights are invited to at
tend with their families and friends.
Knights of Pythias Service.
The following officers were appointed-
Mrs. M. F. Dotsey of San Luis Obisno'
grand senior vice president; Mrs. Emma
Mangels of Santa Cruz, grand junior vice
president; Mrs. Mary. Atkinson of San
Francisco, grand marshal; Mrs. H F
Fabing of Lompoc, grand guard. Kate
Jollyman of Alameda. Kate Cullen of
Gilroy and Miss J. Collins of Stockton
were appointed a committee on creden
tials.
. SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 17.— The fourteenth
annual session of .the Grand Council of
the Catholic" Ladies' Aid Society began at
Del Mar to-day. This morning high mass
was sung by Father Hennessy of Santa
Cruz. The Grand Council's session this
afternoon wasshort, occupying less than
an hour, when an adjournment was taken
out of respect to the memory of President
McKinley. The delegates were welcomed
by Father McNamee of this city. Father
Hudson of Gilroy delivered the annual ad
dress, his subject being "Charity." In
the absence of the grand president. Miss
Julia Weber, of Stockton, Miss Mary Carr
of Oakland presided.
Father McNamee Welcomes the Delc-
gates to Beautiful Del
Mar-by-the-Sea.
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID
SOCIETY COTJN§IL MEETS
"A detachment of the National Guard
will be posted around the Harter resi
dence and. also around Mrs.' McKinley's
home. Members of Troop A will guard
the body of the President while it lies In
state in the Courthouse.
Troop A of Cleveland, after having
escorted the body of the President to the
Courthouse, will escort Mrs. McKinley to
her home and will then escort President
Roosevelt, the-members of the Cabinet,
Lieutenant General Miles and Admiral
•Dewey to the residence of Mrs. Elizabeth
Harter, which stands on North Market
street, not far from the McKinley home
stead.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 17.— The local
executive committee held a~ protracted
meeting to-night and decided that the
hour for the commencement of the funeral
exercises at the First Methodist Church
on Thursday should be at 1:30 instead- of
2 o'clock, as previously arranged. It was
decided that the line of march from the
Btation to-morrow morning will be off
Tenth street, to Cherry, to Tuscarawas
street and thence to the Courthouse. The
funeral car will be halted at the southeast
corner of the building and the body borne
to the south entrance, through which It
will be conveyed and placed in the ro
tunda.
to Safety of Widow and New
President.
national Guardsmen Detailed to See
TEOOPS WELL GUARD
MRS. McXINLEY'S HOUSE
At a special meeting of the executive
board of the Master Barbers' Association
held last night it was unanimously
resolved:
Whereas, September 19 has been set apart by
President Roosevelt as an especial day of
prayer and mourning in memory of our late
President, William McKinley; therefore be it
Resolved. That we, the Master Barbers' Asso
ciation, strictly carry out the recommendations
or President Roosevelt's proclamation in order
to show our abhorrence of the dastardly crime
of the assassin; and further be It
Rcrolved. That all barber shops under our
jurisdiction be closed all day of September ID,
L. E. Conrad, W. G. Seppich, Charles Koch
and Otto Schroft. S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barters' Association of San
Francisco.
Barber Shops Will Close.
At a meeting of the board of trustees of
the Chamber of Commerce held yesterday
afternoon these resolutions were adopted:
In the assassination of their beloved Presi
dent the people of the United States have sus
tained an awful and appalling loss. In the
Fhock and horror of the moment words can
scarcely measure public grief and dismay. Ap
proaching the loftiest point of a glorious and
Expression of Deep Sympathy for the
Widow of President Mc-
Kinley.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
SIGNIFIES ITS RESPECT
The T.'nlon League Club profoundly feels the
less our country has sustained, yet in humble
submission <lo we rej*at with him for whom we
mourn: "It Is Oods way; his will be done,"
while through the nation's gloom there comes
b. voice from beyond the jrrave bidding us to
hope anew, and admonishing us that though
the skies be darkened now it is still true that
"God reigns and the Government at Washing
ton etill lives."
Rcnolved. That In the death of the beloved
TYeinderit McKffcley the fnlon League Club of
Fan Francisco ha» Fu*talne<1 the loss of an hon
'¦rPfl m»mt*r. who by his home life, his flail y
v-alk, hi* untiring devotion to the love of his
youth. Ms fidelity to duty and the high and
lofty patriotism which ha* marked his public
career in Concress. and as chief executive of
bi* home State, and of this nation, lias made
Mm the foremost and most beloved son of a
generation, and one whom the people loved and
delighted to honor. Though dead, he yet lives
lives In sacred memory for the rood that he has
done and in the r.ame which he leaves -unsul
lied.
The t-r.ion l^-mtu- Club, whit* mourning lh»
k-M of a member, and Kharlnc in th« universal
prlef that overshadow* th« land, turn* aside
from Its sorrow sufficiently to condemn In un-
Treasured term* tl-.e da*tnrdly and diabolical
rrirn« that hut rluntred the nation into mourn
ing end disrloeed. In all Its hldemi* form, n
lawless and tr«-a*nnable j-entiment that we hope
may never gain a luFtlnR foothold In thig land
of liberty and law. Pe It therefore
A common erWf ohllteratei nil evidtne* of
rarty strife, and lravrs nlone the aroused and
ir.lehty wroth of uti uutraeed j.nrj.io. crying
out against thp creators of an unwholesome
and treaaontblt wnilmrni a nd & n ominous luck
«if merenc* for the iaw,
In i!." preaenc* at this terrible tragedy *¦•
•<and motionless and ruut*. unable to **>' «r
£¦> ftutfit tfcitt could hf»t the nation'* wound*
or my the tear* that flow unblddtn In every
r&rt cf our fklr land.
Th» sudden end awful sorrow that lias to
profoundly «lrre4 the henrta of our people ha*
ra«t a d*ep end darkening tloom over the
Vnion League Club of t*an Francisco nnd All it.
member*.
"William M. Abbott Introduced the reso
lutions adopted In memory of William Me
KUUcy at a meeting of the Union League
Club yesterday. On behalf of the organi
zation General J. K. Barry of the War
department at Washington will place a
suitable floral token upon the tier of the
Prudent as hi? body He* in etate in the
rnpttol un( j j n n j s i ate nr(me at canton
The rMolutlon* are a« follows:
General Barry Will Place Wreath oa
President's Bier in Behalf of
Union League Club.
CONDEMN CREATORS OF
UNWHOLESOME SENTIMENT
The tribute will be 5x6 feet in size and
will bear in the center a likeness of the
President. On either side of the picture
designs representing the British and
American flags will be worked out In
flowers. At the top of the piece will ap
pear the words "Our sympathy," and at
the bottom "Sons and. Daughters of St
George."
The Sons and Daughters of St. George,
with a view to expressing- the apprecia
tion with which President McKinley was
regarded by the British residents of San
Francisco, have decided to give a beauti
ful floral piece for the memorial services
to be held In Mechanics' Pavilion to-mor
row afternoon.
brittse: subjects to
GIVE FLORAL TRIBUTE
Resolved. That the labor unions of San Fran
cIbco tender their heartfelt sympathy to the
suffering and bereaved widow of our lamented
President, Hon. William McKinley.
R«-»oIv»d. That the Union I^abor party of San
Francisco regards the assassination of Presi
dent McKinley as a blow aimed at self-govern
ment and the rights and Interests of organized
labor. Thrice has the cowardly assassin
struck doivn the greatest and the best of
American Presidents, but never has the hand
of honest labor been crimsoned with the blood
of assassination. Lawlessness and crime have
no place in our councils. The ballot, and
not the bullet. Is the weapon of the labor
unions In the battle for justice and industrial
manhood: and be it further
Received. That William McKinley. President
of tho I'ntied Htates, by the wisdom, prudenco,
purity, I'utrii.iiKin. simplicity and kindliness of
til* Ufe, |u<-*fi)ti<l to the world a glorious and
I 'ii<l<r»-: f-Katnjilfl of American inarihootl and
popular Bovrrnment, In public llf« h* wan
th« Ideal *t«te»miin and una*»umln* wvant of
tit" people; In |.iii«i.- llf«j and bocUI lnter
.•.iuii-.« th« soul of lionnr. the warm friend, tho
rfnlal companion; «tnd «l*>v« and beyond all
Hm, tiio urmtlftflh, loving and d«votrd hut
wand of (i good and lonif nunVrln* woman.
in th«» rtarU hour of our country'* btmvr
ro*nt, when * nation mourns th« loved and
lout. *hfn funeral bells at* sadly tolling and
th* fl«« thm nfv«>r knew defeat droop* In half
masted endneii nil over th« lend, our hurts
¦nd mlndu ar* buny with the recollections of
our beloved President 1 * visit to Han FrancUco
b. few months *gr>, n« Bn i.l h* wanted to »*o
tn« men who built the Oregon, find proudly
clacped their toll-worn hand* within his own.
How warmly and eloquently he praUed their
vork and how the cheers of prlda and glad
tie»a made the welkin ring! And now the gteat
and (rood man hn» fallen. William McKinley
I" no more. At last w<? know, in this time of
gloom and sorrow, how true It Is that "man's
Inhumanity to man makes eountlc»s thousands
m«nirn": and be It further
Ileeolved, That the dastardly wretch who
strikes down the duly elected and liberty-loving
President of a. free people, is gUUty of a crime
against the euffprfng million* of the human
race; and be it further
Whereas. Labor without law and order Is elm
ply the barbarism of brute force, a relic of the
cark, ages, destructive alike to all govern
ment and every safeguard for the protection
of the poor against the rich, the weak against
the strong; therefore, be it
Reeolv*-a, That there Is no room in a free
country for anarchists and nihilists, who know
»o law above the savages and the beasts of.
the Held. Organized labor recognizes them as
deadly enemies of freedom and progress among
men. who ought to be sent to Insane asylums
or deported to some lone Isle of the ocean,
wh*r«>, among their own kind, they can plot
and preach and kill at pleabure, till the last
ot the'vlle breed disappears from the earth;
and be it further
McKinley.
The following resolutions, introduced
by J. S. Parry, were adopted by a rising
vote by the 'members of the Union Labor
party convention last night:
the Memory /of William
By a Rising Vote , Delegates Honor
UNION LABOR PARTY
ADOPTS RESOLUTIONS
W. W. Case, presiding elder.- Alameda— First
Church, E. P. Dennett; Santa' Clara Avenue,
George Clifford: Campbell. J. H. Wythe Jr.;
College Park, W. P. Grant; Half Moon Bay
and Pescadero, C. S. Morse; San Lorenzo, to
be supplied by F. L. Heath; Los Gatos. T. A.
Towner; Mayfield. E. ; S. Robertson; New Al
maden. J. W. Buxton; Palo Alto. J. T. Jen
ness; Redwood City, A. S. Gibbons; San Fran
cisco—California-street, A. C. -Bane; Central,
Arthur H. and Herbert F. Briggs; Epworth,
F. A.Keast; Fifteenth Avenue, to be supplied;
First Church, F. -K. Baker; Grace, F. M. Lar
kln- Howard-street. ! J. A. B. Wilson; : Potrero,
S. M. Woodward; Richmond, F. W. Lloyd;
Simpson Memorial, John Stephens; Trinity, M.
D. Buck; Santa Clara, H. E. Milnes: Santa
Cruz, E. D. McCreary; Saratoga, to be sup
plied by C. U Peterson; Soquel, to be supplied
by R. N. Kaill; J. N. Beard, president Dea
coness Training School, F. D. Bovard. editor
of California Christian Advocate; EliMcCllsh,
president, and Moses H. Cross, professor. Uni
versity of the Pacific; J. E. Stubbs, president
Nevada State University; H. H. Hall, W. H.
Scott J. H. Macomber and J. A. Potter, chap
lains United States army; Charles McKelvey,
chaplain and superintendent Old Ladies' Home;
W. C. Sawyer, instructor In Teutonic myth
ology. University of the Pacific; George W.
Beatty, agent of the California Sabbath School
Association; H. B. Heacock. financial agent.
University of the Pacific; A. J. Hanson, field
San Francisco District.
Alb.'on, to be supplied; Anderson Valley, H.
C. Richardson; Arcata, E. D. Raley; Arcata
circuit, to be supplied by W. N. Younglove;
Blocksburg. to be supplied: Bloomfleld, O. M.
Hester; Cazadero, to be supplied by A. Q.
Morse; Callstoea, H. C. Tallman; Cloverdale,
J. M. Barnhart; Covelo, to be supplied; Cres
cent City, to be supplied by F. L. Newcomb;
Eureka. James Williams: Eureka circuit, to
bo supplied by R. J. Barbee; Ferndale. W. S.
Kelly; Ferndale circuit, to be supplied by
William Jensen; Fort Bragg, to be supplied
by J. W. Cullen; Fortuna, to be supplied by E.
P. F. Dearborn; Garberville, to be supplied;
Guerneville and Forestvllle, Ell P. JLacell:
Healdsburg. Lorenzo Fellers; Kelseyvllle and
Ivower Lake, H. H. Buckner; Manchester and
Greenwood, A. Holbrook; Middletown, M. O.
Brink; Napa, J. H. N. Williams; Occidental,
A. E. Ulrich; Olema, to be supplied, by C. G.
Lucas; Peachland, T. B. Hopkins: Penn Grove,
B. B, Conner; Petaluma, H. J. Winsor; Petro
lla. to be supplied; Point Arena, S. E. Crowe;
Rohnervllle, to be supplied; Round Valley and
Indian Mission, to be supplied by L. Schll
linger: St. Helena. A. II. Needham: San Ra
fael, William Marshall: Santa Rosa, E. R.
Willis; Sebastopol, E. H. Smith; Smith River,
to be bupplied by W..T. Allen; Sonoma, J. L.
Case; Ukiah, J. W. Robinson: Uklah Indian
Mission, L..- Ewing; Vallejo, T. A. Atkinson:
Willlts, to be supplied by C. W. Raymond;
Windsor, to be supplied by J. H. Alnsworth;-
D. A. Hayes, professor in Garrett Biblical In
stitute; Ernest Griggs. D. S. Ulrich and Henry.
A. Atkinson, left without appointment to at
tend school. . . ¦
S. G. Gale, presiding elder.
Napa District.
¦ John Coyle, presiding elder. . Allendale, to be
euppUed by Allan Kennedy; Berkeley, Trinity.
C. K. Jenness; West Berkeley, to be supplied
by . B. Crpoks; Benlcla, to be supplied by G.
AV. Kmlgh; Corning, C. E. Rich; Dixon, Henry
Pearce; Delamar and Cortey City, to be sup
plied by W. II. Gleason; Dunsmulr, W. G:
Trudgeon: Ktna. Hugh Baker; Falrfleld, J. C.
Bolster: Fort Jones, to be supplied; FrultvaJe,
C. G. Milnes; Golden Gate. Charles O. Oxnam;
Hamburgh, Jphn .Williams; Keswlck, Fay
Donaldson; Klamathon, John U. Simmons:
Knob, to be' supplied ;. : Live Oak, to be sup
plied by \V. S. jRVl throw; Madison and Gulnda.
II. U Gregorys Martinez. J. R. Wolfe; Mc-
Cloud, to be supplied; Oakland — Chester street,
M. H. Alexander; Eighth avenue, W. C. Gray;
First: Church.* E. -R. DJUe and-Wilsie M. Mar
tin; Shattuck avenue,- to be supplied^' Twenty
fourth avenue, Ernest "B. 'Winning; Thirty
fourth street, W. S. Urmy; Olinda, to be sup
plied; Orland and Germantown, to be supplied
by F. M. Day; Pinole, G. O. Ash; Red Bluff.
William Clark; Redding, . R. E. Wenk; Rich
mond, to be supplied by J. W;' Hinds; Round
Mountain, to be supplied by C. O. Strayer;
Slsson and Gazelle, C. F. Withrow; Vacaville,
to be supplied; Yolo and Blacks, G. M. Meese;
Yreka, J. E. WrlghtrWilliams and Dunnigan,
to be supplied: Weaverville. to be supplied by
C. H. Darling; Woodland, C. E. .Winning;
John Thompson, agent of California Bible So
ciety; Jesse Smith, superintendent • Seaman's
Work ; Paul M. Spencer, left without appoint
ment to attend school.
Oakland District.
W. 8. Mntthew, jiM-Bldlm? elder.
Amador, William Burchett; Auburn, ; Jam«»
P. Macaulay; Blare*. W. C. Robtn»; Colfax, Vt
In* nupplled; C'ourtland, Fred Sheldon; Chlco.
A. C. Welch; Uownlevllle, D. W. C»lfe«;
Dutch Klat, to b« supplier}; Elk <Jrov« and
JJrueevllle, u V, Walker: Knlr Onku, J,>m«»
Whiunker; Yernlcy, to be. supplied by John
Tainblyn; Florin and 1'aclfle, It, C. Langl*/;
j-'oIkuiii and ornnynvale, to he supplied by
•Ml'ii Jiitiil^y; Korbtmtown, ¦ H. O. Rlllott;
Korest Kill, to be Nui>i>lkd: UrHirgclown,
Joseph John*; Grass Valley, c\ J. Thane; Hon
eiit, to Ijo supplied; lone, W. C. Howard;
.IhcUhom, (I, 11. Vim VIM: Nevada City. Wil.
Ham Aiikv.Iii; MaryKvllle, W, M. Woodward;
N'-lKuM. to lie supplied; Newcastle, Channinff
A. Klchnrdion; North Hloomneld, to b* sup
plljd by T. A. iMtnrlnh; North Hun Junii, to
I'd KiiiM'Hfi: ophlr mill Cool, to be iuppll<!d;
Orovllle, I). W. Chllson; l'enryn, J. 11. Wat
«on; I'lti'i lirnvc U. W. li.-iittlr; l'lurrrvlllr.
K. M. 11111; Hiicei vlli-r circuit, to be «up
plled; PlPdtmnt Grove and Sheridan, to be »up<
piled; J'lyiiimith, to be mipplled; ftocklln, J.
L. Burcham: l'.osevllle, Oliver K. Steward;
Hacrnmento (Central), J. U. Ohynoweth; Oak
1'ark. Harry W. Baker: Sixth street, a J.
Carroll; Butter Creek, /A. C Duncan; Butter
city, J. W. Pendleton; Yuba City, W. A.
Johns; Wnslpolnt and Glencoe, to be supplied;
W. R. Gober, chaplain of Folsom Prison; E.
H. MacKay. appointed to attend one of the
Methodist schools.
Sacramento District.
The event of the morning session which !
caused the most lively interest was the
announcement by Dr. Beard that Dr.
Herbert F. Briggs, who so astonished the
conference yesterday by withdrawing
from the ministry, had reconsidered his
determination. Vesterday's action ! was
expunged from the minutes of the con
ference and Dr. Briggs was fully rein
stated. . ,
The following appointments to pastor
ates for the coming year were announced:
A committee on federation of evangel
ical churches was appointed as follows:
E. R. Dllle, W. S. Urmy, F. D. Bovard,
E. P. Dennett and E. D. McCray. "
The object of this federation, which is
to unite in co-operative activity all the
churches and Christian workers of tho
State, is meeting with general approval
and it seems likely to reach the definite
point of organization. -
Conference trustees were elected as fol
lows: Wesley Dennett, president; W. S.
Urmy, J. D. Hammond, E. R. Dille, T.
B. Hopkins, F. D. Bovard, H. B. Heacock,
W. W. Case and J. A. B. Wilson.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 17.-The closing
day of the present session of the Califor
nia Annual Conference was a busy one.
The report of the educational committee,
laid over from yesterday, was considered
and passed and the following trustees of
the University of the Pacific were elected:
Bishop J. W. Hamilton, E., R. Dllle, A.
J. Hanson. H. B. Heacock, T. B. Hutch
lnson, JS. McClish, 'J. R. Lewis, L. J. Nor
ton, J. A. Percy, I. J. Truman, R. S. Tyr
rell, Rolla V. Watt, J. W. Hines and R.
E. Wenk.
Dr. Herbert F. Briggs Recon
siders Withdrawal From
Church. . "
While it is understood, and, in fact,
never has been denied, that President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay have held
divergent opinions regarding the trans
isthmian canal, the President feels that
it is no more than right that Mr. Hay
should carry through to a success the
treaty with which his name is intimately
connected. He desired that history shall
give to Secretary Hay credit for the work
which he has done. This was made plain
to Secretary Hay to-day.
When the ' funeral train arrived in
Washington from Buffalo last night Pres
ident Roosevelt entered a carriage with
Secretaries Hay and Gage and was driven
to the residence of his brother-in-law,
Commander Cowles of the navy. Ar
rangements were then made for a later
conference of the three. At this confer
ence Mr. Gage gave the President a defi
nite promise. He said that he would re
main in the Cabinet and that he would
do his best to carry through to a success
ful conclusion the policies originated by
President McKinley for the Treasury De
partment.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-A slight
change has been made in President
Roosevelt's plans regarding the Cabinet.
In effect each Cabinet position has been
declared vacant and original appoint
ments have been made to the present
members. All have accepted. It is un
derstood that Mr. Hay will remain afl
Secretary of State until after the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty is concluded, when he
will leave the Cabinet, which will then
disintegrate. Mr. Root, it is understood
has already been promised that he shall
be made Secretary of State. Mr. Gage
has given a ", flat-footed ' promise ~ that
he 1 will remain at the head of the Treas
ury Department through the administra
tion, and it is probable that Attorney
General Knox will remain where he is.
plating Early Resignation From
Cabinet.
Secretary of State Said to Be Contem-
ROOT WILL FROBA.BLY
BE SUCCESSOR TO HAY
Just at 1 o'clock a frightful calamity
was narrowly averted at the east front
of the Capitol. For hours the vast throng
of people had been massed in front of the
Capitol awaiting an opportunity to enter
the rotunda. When the* doors were
opened tens of thousands of people rushed
almost frantically . to the main staircase.
The police and military guards were
swept aside and almost in a twinkling
there was a tremendous crush at the foot
of. the great staircase. The Immense
throng swept backward and forward like
the surging of a mighty sea. Women and
children, a few of the latter babes , In
arms, were caught in the crowd and many
were badly hurt. Strong men held chil
dren ¦ and even women high above the
heads of the surging crowd to protect
them from bodily injury. Despite the ef
forts of the police and military and cooler
heads in the throng approximately a hun
dred people were Injured. Some of the
more seriously hurt were carried into tho
rotunda and into various adjoining apart
ments of the Capitol, where fresh air
treatment was given them. Many were
hurried to the hospitals in ambulances,
but the majority were taken subsequently
to their homes. After tho crush had been
abated, 'upon the etaircase and on the
plaza immediately In front of it were
found tattered pieces of jnen'tt and
women'* wearing apparel of oil kinds,
crushed liatn, gloves and oven eatnhfllB,
wa'chp*. poeK'HbQQkB. keys and knlveB
wcr« picked up.
When th«» remftlne of the dead President
wen» Anally cloned forever from the view
of WfiRhlnirton p<»opl« th« cavalry <?§r»ort
won fiKJfln formed and conveyed th*m to
tho special train which is now carrying
the tody to <'nnton.
The maflrnWcent display of floral offer
inc*. numbering no fees than 125 piece*
and nrnklmr tho most remnrknblo floral
tribute ever nfen here, were tnken to the
etntlon from the Cnpitol In carriages and
wngons nnd there placed aboard a gpeclul
oar which had been provided for them.
Three noctlona, comprising In all twenty
passenger conches, were necessary to ac
commodate all thoce who accepted invita
tions to make the Journey to Canton.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— At the con
clusion of the funeral services in the ro
tunda the casket lid was removed in order
that the immediate friends of the dead
President might be afforded the comfort
of a last glance at his features and that
the people whom he loved and who loved
him might pass the bier for the same pur
pose. At 12:30 o'clock the crowds began
to pass through" the rotunda and during
the six hours in which the body was lying
in state it is estimated that 55,000 people
viewed the remains.
Which Women and Children
Are Badly Hurt.
Tremendous Crush at Stairway in
FRIGHTFUL CALAMITY
IS NAEROWLY AVERTED
wi?£, Judge , denou n<*d the action of the
ce.endants in unmeasured terms and re-
l^u ha^ ta . e L aw was inadequate to
lit 6ucn a despicabe outrage. Thev were
sentenced to six months in the County
Jan.
ether f PoI * c * wIU endeav or to arrest the
cf vandalism early yesterday morning In
tearing: down a picture of the late Presi
dent and the drapery surrounding it in
iror^ t JP f^ h 1Y s ' at 2331 Mission street, oc
cupied by Mrs. Amelia S. Fall* Thu
hoodlums are James Calla&han. Clarence
Anderson. Tooy Irwin. Percy' Ben^n
Thomas Smith and Arthur White
Callaghan and Anderson were arrested
bv Policemen Bel yea and Fitzgerald on a
charge of malicious mischief and appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday M«
F ?rVif We ? tO £' avln S **™ awakISS
cut of her sleep by the noise of the
drunken hoodlum?, who were making use
of the most disgusting language concern-
U!£ w, S ai y red president. After they
had left she dressed herself and went out
t'^rJ h &5 *i aw the l )ictu re on the
£ 2 £ f e ra »' e ry scattered over
V,™ 5 .^ Ml ? S Lizzfe 3*olan. who lives
?£5?&£^ a m tear down the picture
**a t£~? y £ Th Z arres tin & officers testi
<«*««? n . Tl i ey cau e ht the two de-
l S ey !iad Fleces of the drapery
wrapped around them. They had also
Vroken all the milk bottles and destroved
V?L . E a ? in f^ nt of houses on Mission
street between Sixteenth and Twenty-flrst
Appointments of Metho
dist Clergymen.fqr
New Year.
hold Its regular meeting to-morrow even
ing owing to the memorial services for
President McKinley. The address by Rev.
William Rader on "Uncle Sam, or the
Reign of the Common People," has been
postponed until October 10.
Swami Abhaynanda will address the
club on Thursday, September 26, on "The
Women of India."
tiw? ul c / reer « representing the best In pa
triotism and private life, largely instrumental
in bringing about the splendid progress and
prosperity of the nation so marked under his
administration and serenely confident of our
future, our late President. William McKinley.
was stricken down by an assassin at the very
time h« was shedding luster on an effort to
bind more closely the two American continents.
iie was a man from the people and of the
people. He was an ideal citizen, soldier and
statesman, and during his Ions, brilliant and
useful career, reaching the highest office in the
£Ht of the people, he was always the same
kindly, thoughtful, generous man.
Having been honored with his presence only
a lew months since, having been brought into
close personal contact with him. having noted
his patience, patriotism and robust American-
Ism and his tender and touching devotion to
the life companion left sorrowing and alone,
vie of San Francisco feel that In the death of
our President we have lost a personal friend.
Therefore the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco has
Resolved. That we hereby most respectfully
tender to the widow of our late President, Wil
liam McKinley. our sincere and heartfelt sym
pathy In this the hour of her great bereave
ment.
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
GEORGE A. XEWHALL, President.
E. SCOTT, Secretary.
DIES FAR AWAY FROM HIS HOME
WHILE TRAVELING FOR HEALTH
Dttb Muser, a Weil-Knbwrp Resident of
This City, Succumbs in Brussels, Where
He Had Gone to Consult Noted Specialists
MILL WHEELS
AGAIN TURNING
Give Evidence of Settle
ment of the Steel
Strike.
President Shaffer Refuses to
Make Public the Terms
of Agreement
PITTSBURG. . Sept. 17.— After taking
time to think it ..over. President T. J.
Shaffer of the Amalgamated. Association
has announced that there will be no pub
lic statement of the terms of the settle
ment of the strike of his organization
with the steel corporation. He has alsi>
decided to issue a circular giving the
terms of the agreement on which, the
men were ordered to return to work, and
after all the lodges have received It the"
circular will be made public. To-day the
oflices of the Amalgamated Association.
were more quiet and orderly than they
have been for some weeks, the largo
majority of strikers having returned to"
work. The men who thu3 far have refused
to do so were meeting their fellow-work
ers and kept them away from the or
ganization. ¦ '
The general condition of the mills of tte
United States Steel Corporation has Im
proved during the past twenty-four hours
in a wonderful manner. It wasf an
nounced that nine of the twelve butt-weld
furnaces and three of the six lap-welu
furnaces of the National Tube Company
in McKeesport were started to-day. Tha
American Plate Company reports that alt
of its active plants except those in Atlan
tic, Indiana. Joliet, 111., Johnstown, Pa..
and Canal Dover, have been placed m
operation. The last-named wil start aa
soon as sufficient tin bars can be pro
cured to supply the needs of the plants.
In addition to these, four mills of the
Star plant and four mills of the Monoa
gahela plant are running, as well as
eight mills in the Dcmmler plant and fell
or the Monesaen plant.- The Newcastle
and Shenango plants, with an aggregate
capacity of fifty mills, started to-day wf.n
full crews.
The American 8he*t Steel Company to
day atarted up lt» union plants. There
will b« no effort made to mart th« Curi
um (Ohio) sheet mills until after thl*
week owlns to th« funeral of Prentdent
McKinley. All of the hoop plant* ar«
runntntr full.
The NVwomtle plant of th« National
Steel Company started In full to-day. Tim
wft« the nm plnnt called out after th«
K<tneral •trlke order win lusued. Th« Na
tional Steel plant* In Delitiire and Mlngr>
Junction ure Urn only plant* of that com
pany now idle. The tllverHldd plant «>f
tho National Tube Company la the oriv
plant of that company now Idle.
Further trouble soemi to be threatened
In the plants of the American Tin Plato
Company that have been conceded by
President Shaffer «.<* non-union. The men
in those plants take- their defeat very
hard, and many have determined to re
main Idle or get other employment ratter
than go back ait non-union men.
TWO MEN ABE KILLED
BY ELECTRIC SHOCKS
Workmen in Marysville and San Jose
the Victims of Sad Acci
dents.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 17.— Lawrenco
Sneed, a young man of this city, was in
stantly killed this afternoon by coming
into contact with a live electric wire.
Sneed was an employe of the Marysvillc
Gas and Klectric Company. A small cap
he wore touched one of 'the high poten
.tlal wires which come direct from the
power house, carrying 36,000 volts. In
stantly the young man fell backward and
without a struggle or word was dead
when his fellow-workmen reached hi3
side. - - --¦• -
SAN JOSE, Sept. 17.— Charles Anderson,
aged 35 years, head lineman for the Elec
tric Improvement Company, received a.
fatal electric shock this afternon while
repairing a wire on St. Clara street, near
the river. Just how the accident occurred
no one can tell, but he was seen to fall
across the ¦wire and remain there. "When
help arrived Anderson was taken to the
ground in an unconscius condition. He
died a few hours later.
SCHAMITZ HEADS
LABOR TICKET
Japan Seeks American Loan.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 17.-The Kobe
Herald says that the Japanese Cabinet is
discussing the placing of Japanese bonds
to the value of 50,000,000 yen in America.
Sanger Factory Burned.
FRESNO, Septr 17.— The Sanger pencil
factory at Sanger was destroyed by fire
this morning. The loss on machinery and
buildings is estimated at $12,500.
LATE SHIPPING INTEL I/T.GENCTE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sejat 17— Stmr Hlldur,
from Maracalbo and Curacao; stmr Alps, from
Caj>e Hayti.
LIZARD— Passed Sept IS— Stmr. Philadelphia,
from New York, for Southampton.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Springs, to be supplied by Charles Swithen
bank; M. C. Brlgga. field secretary California
State Sabbath AssociaUon; Thomas Fllben.
superintendent of moral and prudential man
agement of Pacific Grove; E. L. Thompson.
Robert J. Trevarrow. Robert K. Atkinson,
Leroy Fulmer, Alfred J. Case and John Car
roll "Spencer left without appointments to at
tend school. •
Eugene E. Schmitz, president of the
Musicians' Union and leader of the
Columbia Theater orchestra, was last
night nominated for Mayor by the Union
Labor party at its convention in Metro
politan Temple. His opponent was James
de Succa, an Ironmolder .and insurance
agent. Schmitz's vote was 144 to 95 for
his opponent.
The early part of the evening was frit
tered away in consideration of credentials
from new unions and motions to adjourn
The following additional delegates and
unions were given recognition:
Glove Cutters— R. S. Orcutt.
- Steamship Painters No. 1— J. J. Culliean J
I. HcKan. -• ¦ - » , '
Brass Finishers— Jacob Leibfrled."
Steam Pipe and Boiler Coverers— Charles E.
Williams. . -
A. J. Gallagher of the Photo-Engravers'*
Union, after a series of resolutions eulo
gistic . of President McKinley had been
adopted and a copy ordered sent to hia
widow, suggested that the convention
should adjourn until next Tuesday night
at S o'clock, "out of respect to the mem
ory of the martyred President." ¦
A storm of protest arose-, both from the
floor and gallery. An amendment to ad
journ until Friday night was offered as a
substitute. ! This and the original motion
were, finally voted down, and Chairman
Millmore called for nominations for
Mayor. George: F. Aubertine in a well
worded speech placed Schmitz in nomin
ation amid great applause. The nomin
ation was seconded by J. S. Parry and
a half dozen other delegates.
Thomas F. Eagan placed De Succa in
nomination, referring to his consistent
career as a union man. Hi3 nomination
received a number of seconds. Both men
were called', before the convention and
Schmitz's speech seemed to catch the
fancy of the audience, for he was vigor
ously applauded. He was followed by De
Succa, and each candidate was requested
by delegates to give his views upon the
Geary-street Railroad franchise proposi
tion. - : .
The roll call showed that Schmitz was
a strong favorite- all through and from
the first led his opponent. The tellers
announced the result to be v Schmitz 144
and De Succa 95. * . •
Mr. Eagan; moved that the nomination
be made unanimous and his motion was
carried by acclamation.
Mr. de Succa escorted his victorious
rival to the platform and said he hoped
the convention would make the nomina
tion equivalent to an election. Mr.
Schmitz said he would, as head of their
ticket, lead them on to victory. Cheers
were given. for Mr. Schmitz and Mr. de
Succa and an adjournment was taken
until next Friday night.
San Jose District.
The finance committee was instructed
to inform the delegates through the
press what hall they shall secure.
sakl; Sacramento. -M. Toshlda; San Francisco,
K. Obata; San Jose and Watsonville, to' be
supplied by. Ichihashi and H. Sal jo; Vacaville,
to be supplied by I. Rokujubu; H. Kamasumi,
transferred' to Japan conference, and K. Ka
masa, transferred to the .South Japan confer
ence. Yoshl SuHe Sacon, principal of Anglo-
Japanese training- . school • and editor of Glad
Tidings; Z.. Hlrota and S. Kamashima, left
without appointments to attend school.
John .Kirby, presiding elder.
¦ Acampo, to be supplied; Antloch. F.'-A. Mor
row; Atlanta, ¦ M. J. Gourd; Berryessa, 'Solo
mon Klnaey: Brent wood. , J.\T. Martin; Byron,
to be supplied ; Evergreen, to be sup
plied by -David Ralston; Farmington,
Thomas Leak; Gilroy, C.' B. Irons; Gonzales.
to be supplied by "W. F. Gray: Haywards and
San Ramon, W. B. Prlddy; Holllster,, J. W.
Bryant; . Llvermore and Pleasanton, . Carl M.
Warner: Linden. Robertson Burley; Locke
ford. W. E. Miller; Lodl. Hush Copeland-
Modesto. W. ' F. Clee: Morgran Hill, . J.- * F.
Vananda: Newman, F. J. Hindson; Oakdale.
Richard Rodda; Pacific Grove, A. T. Needham;
Salinas, C. E. Pettls. ..San Jose— Centella. E.
F. Brown; First Church, 'Alfred Kummet;
Webster-street.. Wesley Dennett. San Leandro,
F. R. Walton; . Sonora, James Blackledge;
SAilsbyville, C. H. Wood. Stockton— Central,
W: - : C.- -Kyana; Clay-street, C. N. Goulder.
Tracy, to be • supplied; -• Watsonvllle. \V.- J.
Peter3; Walnut Creek, G. R. Stanley; Valley
PASTORS LEARN
THEIR STATIONS
ALL PEOPLE PAY LOVING TRIBUTES
THE SAN FRANCISqO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 190J.
TROOPS HT THE PRESIDIO,
Continued From Page Three.
Muser, who had been suffering from
heart trouble, visited Europe to consult
eminent specialists. He intended leav
ing for home on Sunday last, but he was
too iH;to undertake the long journey.
The deceased was well known among the
German residents. He lived here for
thirty years and was engaged in the
and that the body would be Interred to
day.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Talk this subject over with your friends
and see how many among sou can win
prizes. It is a good, honest competition
"T/hd In the best kind of a cause. Cut this
6tatement out. for It will not appear
A'.most every one Interested in pure food
and drink is willing to have their name
and letter appear In the papers, for such
help as it may offer to the human race.
However, a request to omit name will be
respected.
Every friend of Postum is urged to
write and each letter will be held In high
esteem by the company as an evidence
of such friendship, while the little bores
of gold and envelopes of money will reach
many modest writers whose plain and
sensible letters contain the facts desired,
although the sender may have but small
faith in winning at the time of writing.
Decision will be made between October
20 and November 10, 1901, by three Judges,
not members of the Postum Cereal Co..
and a neat little box containing a $10 gold
piece Bent to each of the five best writers,
a box containing a $5 gold piece to each
of the 20 next best writers, a $2 green-
back to each of the 100 next best and a $1
greenback to each of the 200 next best
writers, making cash prizes distributed to
225 persons.
Be honest and truthful; don't write po-
etry or fanciful letters— Just plain, truth-
ful statements. . ,
6. Write names and addresses of twenty
friends whom you believe would be bene-
«-iited by leaving off coffee. (Your name
4 -will not be divulged to them.)
Address your letter to the Postum Ce-
real Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich., writ-
ing your own name and address clearly.
5. O-ive names and account of those you
know to have been cured or helped in
health by the dismissal of coffee and the
daily use- of Postum Food Coffee in its
place.
4. Have you ever found a better way to
make it than to use four heaping tea-
epoonsful to the pint of water, let stand
on stove until real boiling begins, then
note the clock and allovr it to continue
easy boiling full 15 minutes from that
time, stirring down occasionally? (A piece
of butter about the size of a navy bean
placed in the pot will prevent boiling
over.)
3. Did you set such a person right re-
garding the easy way to make Postum
clear, black and with a crisp, rich taste?
2. Do you know any one who has been
driven away from Postum because it came
to the table weak and characterless at the
iirst trial?
1. How have you been affected by coffee
drinking and by changing from coffee, to
Postum.
To secure additional information direct-
ly from the people, it Is proposed to send
little boxes of gold and greenbacks to
persons who write the most Interesting,
detailed and truthful descriptions of their
experience on the following topics:
And Many Greenbacks.
MORE BOXES OF GOLD,
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Instlfcats.
They cured so many men who\ had bat-
tled ior years against the mental and
Physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute 2reo
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss ot
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that com*
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and ha3 been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute, 323 Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
nlied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great clas3 of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to 'see how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. .
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
: Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease
and weakness of
me n. Established
1SS1. Consultation
and private book
free, at office or *by
mail.- Cures ¦ guar-
anteed. . 7J51 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance). San
POSTUM CEREAI,.
Y'4 r |
W Jj& £§§1 w hich will outshoot any other shot gun on the market
|fifg^jjjgg^g[Bl=»gjll FREE— Send name and address on postal card for 164-page catalogue.
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED~FEMALE.
AN expert lady stenographer desires situation;
city references. Box 437, Call office..
GOOD home in refined family for girl of 14
where she can help before and after school.
Box 427. Call office. .
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes situa-
tion as housekeeper for small family; city or
country; references. Box 442, Call office.
DRESSMAKING, $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 1731 Mission et. ¦• - •
PLAIN sewing done reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth st., cor. O'Farrell, room 8, second floor.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms;. 25c to |1 50 per night: $1 60 to
?6 ¦ week; convenient . and respectable;
| 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 3200 Flllmore at.
." BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established' at 1096
Valencia st. ¦¦¦¦¦¦ • '
EMPLOYMENT XV ANTED MALE.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy
with tools. Box 272. Call office.
YOUNG man 25 years of age, speaking English,
Spanish and French, wishes position in busi-
ness house; good references. Address box
479. Call office. ¦¦ .. ' -
YOUNG married man from country wants
work; handy;, security given. Address box
, 3S8. Call office. ¦
BLACKSMITH wants work on mine; 10 years'
experience; good hand about steel. Address
N. P. WINTER. 1020 Howard st.
COOK— A middle-aged man who is a plain cook
would like to get a place to do plain cooking;
moderate wages. Address Cook, 549 Howard.
PHYSICIAN, is also pharmacist, desires posi-
tion; speaks German and English. Address
box 458. Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country .place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 3767, v Call office.
VERY reliable Scandinavian wishes work;
city or country; is handy with tools, a good
porter, handy at anything. L. OLSEN. 631
Sacramento st.
CARPENTER— Good repair hand, middle-aged,
single, of 6teady habits, desires, work at
moderate wages on country work, ranch re-
pairs or similar employment. Box 480, Call.
MAN familiar with city wants to drive and
care for one or two horses." Box 443, Call..
A FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants a situation;
» flrst-class city reference. Box 444, Call orflce.
STRONG young, man wishes position to work
and learn traae: bond and references if
necessary; wages no object. ¦ Box 445, Call.
A COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position
on a private place; thoroughly understands
the care of horses; a careful driver: milk
cows; care garden; good reference. Address
F. D.. 1519 Howard st. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; small
wages if good place. H. WARREN, 115Vi
Second st.
MAN and wife, competent and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. Call or
address C. „.. 358 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted in grocery or meat mar-
ket? experienced young man, 25, with refer-
ences. Box 436, Call office.
DRUMMER solicits position as local or travel-
ing salesman; commission or salary. Box 434,
Call office. ¦ ¦• ._
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, with city ref-
erences, wishes position; city or country. F.
I. C. 330 McAllister st.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants to get a place
in a wine cellar or liquor store; has 10 years'
experience. Address H. J. S., St. George
Hotel. 812 Kearny st. ,
YOUNG man. speaks German and English
fluently, best of recommendations and refer-
ences, desires position; country preferred.
Box 472. Call. ¦
MALE trained nurse, speaks German an.i
English, late U. S. medical service, desires
position of any kind; best of references. Box
473, Call. ; £
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<
Valencia st. .
FEATHERS REKO.YATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL. ; -
PA^mC^CoasT'underwrltlng Co; (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A— NEW sunny middle flat; reduced rent; 8
rooms; bath. 2414 Van Ness ave., nr. Union.
Ill AND $3—2 flats. 4 and 3 rooms and bath.
14 Bruce place, off Folsom, bet. 7th and 8th.
O'FARRELL, 1933^-Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
.. Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. _^
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN, sunny upper flat; furnished; 4
rooms and bath. 830 Noe St., near Castro.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects: High-grade work: Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
Jl— Solid oak chair; factory price.
S2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's -Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, |48 50, with No. 7
grange. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
1015A POST St.— Beautifully furnished flat; vel-
vet carpets; new; for. sale cheap.
FURNITURE XV ANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid^for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for eecond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. .
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price; ,
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A^cTrThANSEn"&' CO/S^r^r^ranTlSo
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chambermaid, city .., $20
-25 waitresses, city and country J20-J25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Parlor maid and waitress, city $25
Cooks, city $30
Girls to tend store, board and room $15
Second girls $25
25 housegirls, city and country J10-J25
C. R. HANSEN & CO... ..104. Geary st
A MASSEUR for "baths, city, $35. / ~"
C. R. HANSEN. & CO 104 Geary st .
A— MRS. -Mr E. DAY & CO. ...Phone Main 1576
..\ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head- waitress, $30; 8 waitresses, first-class
¦ commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 6- waitresses,
city, |20; arm .waitress, country, $6 a week,
room and board, fare paid; 5 chambermaids
to wait. $20; ¦ pantry girl, first-class hotel,-
$20; plain laundress. - .'
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook, housegirls, second girls, best wages;
working housekeeper. 2 men, $15; second girl.
JS5. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st
WANTED— French lady's maid, $25; 6 second
girls, $20, $25, city and country; 3, parlor
maids and waitresses, $25; 2 cooks, no wash,
'• $35: 7 cooks, plain wash, $25, $30; laundress,
institution, $30; hotel laundress. $20; .8 wait-
• resses, city and country hotels, $25; 40 girls
for all kinds of - housework, city and coun-
try, call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. .
APPRENTICES between 14 and 16 years
wanted for stock keeping; must come from
\ good faimly. Apply between 8:30 a.m. and
9:30 a. m.. I. MAGNIN & CO., 43-53 Ellis st
PROBATIONERS— Strong, healthy ladies, aged
. 20 to 30, to become trained nurses. Apply
mornings at St. Elmo Hospital, 230 Douglaa
St., 'near -Eighteenth. ' ¦ \
WANTED — Expert operator on high-speed sew-
ing: machine; electric power. Apply D. N. &
E. WALTER & CO.. 529-531 Market st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for "general
housework; good wages. Ocean Beach, next
E door to the ' shooting ¦ gallery. ; T '
GIRL for housework and cooking; two In fam-
ily; sleep home preferences. 1326 Fulton st,
forenoon.; ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ -„ • ¦ ¦ - ¦. '
. -- '¦ ' ; . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHASr
PARRY, 1511>4 Market st; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison,' tel. Mission 263^_
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.-
333 Golden. Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
• STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating ''and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF.Straasburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
. . DENTISTS. -
A^Di£~t7 " S. HIGGINS, 827 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate J15;
gold and porcelain crown j 55 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
Z p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
f.0c; plates, J5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, J4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work' by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUJCG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Valn-
less extraction 50c; plates $5up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist. third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.,- corner Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY' S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Bt.
EUUOA'flO.NAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, 'etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters;. positions secured; cat free.
A — The official reporters of * the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular\term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D., dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MEKRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bide. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
; BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college' graduates & bcokkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business Cpjlege, 1236 Market st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Ma»on st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piar.o, mandolin, guitar
lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced tear 1 -: violin,
mandolin, gruitar; Juvenile class, li Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
I HEALD'S Business College, 24 PoBt St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lenria st. -- • ¦ -
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Japanese" a^id~^mn^sTT«iir~oTTir"^inds~;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post- st.; tel. Bush 135.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411'i O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO.. employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California sti; tel. Red 401.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman wishes place cooking or gen-
eral housework. Please call 713 Franklin St.;
references.
NEAT, refined woman wishes place to do light
housework and care for the sick; reference;
no postals. S41A Howard st.
THOROUGHLY competent J middle-aged Ger-
man lady wishes position as working house-
keeper. Address MRS. BLINT. 39 West Mis-
sion st.
REFINED Swedish girl desires a situation for
' light upstairs work in an American family
or as nurse for 1 or 2 children; understands
massage; best of references. Please call be-
tween 3 and 5 p. m. at 701 Howard St.. flat A.
REFINED English lady desires position as
companion to lady or care of children; musi-
cal, sewer, reader aloud' and can speak Ger-
man. ¦ 1823 Devisadero st.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes position
as working housekeeper; city preferred. Ad-
dress 203 Bartlett st., near 23d, In rear.
GOOD woman wishes a situation for housework
and cooking; willing, to assist with children;
city or Oakland; state wages. Box 477, Call.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a situation
to do cooking or housework. 1043-1045 Market.
WOMAN with a child wishes to do sewing,
cooking and housework; wages $10. Box 465,
¦ Call office. . . .
GOOD dressmaker wants to go ob t by the day:
also take sewing home. Please call at 3002
California st.- • ' ¦ . ¦ ;
HIGH School graduate with a good knowledge
of German would like situation' as nursegirl
for 1 or 2 children. Address boa 439, Call.
AN experienced American woman wants work
by the day washing, ironing or hou3eclean-
ing; J123 and car fare. Box 481, Call office.
NEAT competent woman to care for 1 child,
plain sewing and mending, make herself use-
ful; wages $12; references. 13% • Washington
ave., near Mission and Ninth.-
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat and reliable,
wishes position as housekeeper, the care of
children, cooking and entire work of small
family; wages $12 to. $15. 322 Minna st. ; no
postals.
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch
woman; a flrst-class cook or housekeeper;
city references. Call 1231 Market st.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
and cooking. Call 2957 Twenty-fourth st,
near Alabama. " ; • \ '
RESPECTABLE woman : wants housework of
any kind by the day. 1511 Buchanan et.
SWEDISH girl would like to do general house-
work. Address 1209B Florida st
SWEDISH young lady wishes situation to do
upstairs work and sewing; American family;
wages J25. 704 Clementina st,. near Eighth.
YOUNG lady desires position as entry clerk in
office; accurate and a, good penman. Box
418, Call office. ¦,•¦., .
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant "woman ¦ wishes
'position as housekeeper. 314 Turk st >
HELP WAJfTED— MALE--CO-.
=
MEN "WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
Experienced Piledrlver Hamls.
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work in this city at China Basin. Potrero
and for various Joba along the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular -wages.
We are starting new Jobs daily, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYER* ASSN..
\ 4 California St.. room 13.
WANTED— -Able-bodied men able to handl»
grain, etc: none others need apply: wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM- TH0MA13, 514 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED— Strevedores. seamen, flrsmen. coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good — ages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broad-way wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
* '
100 MEN" wanted;— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wage*. 20J
Front st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st
' UO5PITAL8.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HORSES AXD WAGOSS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO., has removed from
631 Mission st to 819 Folsom st, with an as-
sortment of sale horses: also livery and
boarding; new boarders solicited: brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hcrse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE black road team, one carriage team. one>
fast road team. 721 Howard st
A BARGAIN. in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. Q. ave.
150 HEAD stock horsesufor sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Dore st, S. F.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 328 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. E4 Eighth at.
FOR sale — Coupe and buggy; cheap. Address
box 68. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. S32 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. 11 per year.
HOUSES TO LET..
A— PRINTED list houses to let; iiend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
TO let — Residence, 104 Guerrero St.. near 13th;
10 rooms; sunny; high ground: grarden; sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 14C3 Steiner
st.. near Ellis.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
' dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st.
LOST AXD FOUXI).
LOST— Monday night, about 10 o'clock, on
Geary St.. between Leavenworth and Van
Ness ave., lady's small gold watch, open
face. Return STEIN-SIMON'S. Second and
Market sts.. or 2117% Bush St.; reward.
LOST — Ticket for steamer Walla Walla to Se-
attle; name, MRS. GRENELLE; reward, i
New Montgomery st
LOST — Bay horse and light businsae buggy on
Hayes st..-near Steiner. Return 1227 Steiner;
reward.
LOST— Pocketbook with 4 photographs and let-
ters. Return to C. H. BODE, 9."6 Fourth St.;
$2 50 reward.
LOST— Black French poodle, trimmed; liberal
reward.- Hospital. Fort Mason. (
LOST — Diamond cluster earring this morning,
between 12th and 19th sts.. Castro and Harri-
son; liberal reward. A. S. COHN, 956-95S
Washington st. Oakland.'
IT will pay to '•Remember" thai: the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTUKSSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to «15 Powefl st. ;
tel. Bush 421.
" MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands : the unfortunate helped ; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
' confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market :it. opp. Fifth.
THE original MRS. DA VIES, who has been in
business here for 23 years, lshitill located at
122S Market; maternity home provided:- office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' specialist;
private home In confinement; removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homo
In confinement. 1126 Market St., Sr F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a prlv. home tefore and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist, confinement "
removed from Market st to CO O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— Tie Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mallt.ig Jl per year.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH; SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, vestiurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have m large stock oe
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in U hours. J. NOON AN; 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
MUsion st.. above Sixth: writti for catalogue.
80-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. %3O9
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.engt:ne com .plete.1259
10-H.P. boiler and 3-H.P. engine com plete.J125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $30
Also pipe, flttlnzs, etc. H. a. WHITE. 31«
Mission at. - v
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-m ada
suits and Raglans for sale ami to rent: a big
stock of travelers' samples In trunks, valise*
and full dresa reasonable.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gnunophonea, |3 ti
Ji 5 ?^ e i?i y w term * : children's toy graphophonea.
Jl 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap.. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
1901 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and others; 2d-hand blcyclei; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL 309 Larkin st.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR Sale— 3 tanks, capacity 500 gala each: also
1-story tankhouse to be removed. Particulars
• apply to M. J. BLACKMAN. 225 Hayes st
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton for family or
'fencia' st mo "-og at drui: store. 1044 V»g».
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
. suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis »t
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Contlnned.;
PARTNER wanted In a restaurant; $150. Mc-
BRIDE & CO..- 1016 Market st.
CHOP house,- McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
Market gt. r • ¦
A DELICACY and lunch room. J250. McBRIDE
& CO., 1016 Market st. - t
GROCERY and bar, $600. McBRIDE & CO.,
1016 Market gt.
$250— PARTNER wanted; great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
GEO. NEWTON. 759 Market st— Large lists of
lodging houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches,
business chances: all kinds for sale or ex.
GOOD chance for bakery and coffee house;
liberal terms. 321 Ellis Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
$275— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER.N1020 Market Bt.
10-ROOM house; fine location $425
14-room house; good; transient 600
¦24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1300
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
S rooms; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $S0 i 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $30 800
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like, home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
TRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~~~ '¦
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; sacrifice: clears $150 $850
7-room flat; a bargain 650
14 rooms; choice location 900
6-room flat; new furniture 275
15 rooms; full of steady roomers 850
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
17 rooms, $700; 12 rooms 500
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
28 rooms; on Mission 200
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st, and 8 Stockton st., . !
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or> business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r. ; corner; downtown; sunny $3500
45 r.; rent $165; good fur., carp.; trans.. 1500
Notice— 15 r. ; rent $80: NE. cor.; 5 years'
lease; new house; elegant furniture 1800
Money loaned on deferred payments. Hi p. c.
22 r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur.. 1500
17 r.; rent $50; 6th st. ; good house 850
8 r.; rent $40; oak furniture 425
Over £00 houses listed. Call before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 ro<?ms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
1C0 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
1500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture: rent $25.
J11C0 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
$650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
S25CO— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity. <
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
I have 4 salesmen; long list; money to loan.
11 rooms; rent $20; near Market st $200
13 rooms; rent $33; Income $75 '. 300
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $75 a month.... 750
23 rooms; rent $40; Income $110 800
31 rooms; rent $45; clears $S5 month... — 1200
39 rooms; rent $60; income $200 1500
43 rooms; rent $120; clears $150 a month.. 3000
61 rooms; fine corner apartment house 2500
E9 rooms; will exchange for a farm 4000
85 rooms; a prominent corner 2600
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market St.; telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished: snap $1175
29 rooms; pays well; good location $1400
82 rooms; best transient In the city $2200
18 rooms; all on one floor; bargain $300
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand $1500
3 mortgaged houses: must be sold.
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth.
20-room house, $350; 6-room house, $125; 10-
room house. $150; 10-room house on Eddy st,
$650; ll-room house. $650; 20-room house, $1500;
21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
suit the buyer.
FISHER & CO.. 9S5 Market, phone Folsom 1392.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $S00
CO r 1150 / 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 790 8 r 350 10 r 400
' Sr 550 6r 225 7 r 225
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
917 Market st. near Fifth.
SPIRITUALISM.
A CONVINCING 25c test seance to-night; If
you are in doubt as to what steps to take
in social or business life attend this seance
nnd have the right path pointed out to you.
BROCKWAY. The Psychic, 293 Hyde St..
cor. Eddy. *
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give names: received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
DEVELOP your mediumistic gifts; ladies given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 724 Post. nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door.
A— Mrs. Dr. Famham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun..Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
BROCKWAY'S. 25c; seances this week, Tues..
Wed. and Friday. 8:15 p. m. : full names to
everyone; readings daily. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.~
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;'
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell Et. : Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m. : Wednesday ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
EARLE. independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues. and Thurs., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are Jn trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others. fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.: readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; 'has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215H Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. ,$1 50. 126 Turk."
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
€th': private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FREE, ladies, morning. September: free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely free. 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
PROF* JOHN J. HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader: reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 1007V6 Market St., near Sixth.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken ; 25c up. TTTHMarketst.room 18.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spcken;teI.Howard 1S46.
MRS. Dr. Valeen, 1583 Marlfet «t.. nr. 12th;
' clairvoyant palmist, bus. medium; advice.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, cardreader; ladles
25c, gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25c. 14S 6th St., room 14.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. S26A Ellis st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over sjore.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
slttjngs dally. 448H Jessie Bt.. bet. 5th and «th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"charge~un^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET. V
A NICE cottage, 1 rooms and bath; 614 Hamp-
. ehlre Et; rent reasonable. Apply 1106 Harri-
son st
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.....Office Open 7 A. M. To-day
Railroad Men We Ship To-day
Fruit Pickers We Ship To-day
UKIAH
UKIAH.
California Northwestern Railway
Santa Fe Railroad
50 teamsters. Ukiah Free Fare
50 laborers. Ukiah . v . Free Fare
25 men to cut right of way ...Uklah
Free Fare wages $2 to $2 50 a day
Santa Fe Company's own work
Stockton Fresno Merced. ...Bakersfleld
and other divisions
50 laborers to work on section, steel ballast
and extra gangs free fare ship daily
MECHANICAL HELP
2 sticker hands, large milling company, coun-
try, $3 day, see boss here
Woodturner, country planing mill, $3 to $3 50
day; 4 rough carpenters, city, $2 day; carpen-
ter, factory; boilermaker's helper. |2 25 day;
3 harnessmakers, $35 to $40; 3 blacksmiths and
helpers; wellborer, etc.; 2 marine firemen....
MISCELLANEOUS
Teamsters for a mining company.. ..$3) to $35
Young man for nursery work; farmer and
wife. $40
27 farm hands and teamsters. $26, $30 and $35;
butte— naker and" milker, south $35
Furniture salesman who can upholster; young
man living with parents as clerk; 3 choremen,
$25 and $30; S stablemen and hostlers: 7 milk-
ers, $30 and $35; 5 laborers, no experience re-
quired, large factory. $1 75 and $2 day, no
strike
10 laborers, no experience required, to cut and
work in brush $37 50 and found
SAWMILL— WOODS
.10 laborers, no experience required, to work m
mills and yards, south $35 to $55 and found
10 lumber pilers; 5 crosscut sawyers, $45.and
found; 15 laborers, no experience required, for
different sawmill companies $33 to $60
• Head timber faller, $45 and found; second
timber faller, $40; 5 laborers, no experience,
sawmill company, San Mateo County, $30 and
found; 10 laborers to work in mills and yards,
Sonoma County, $30 and found.
GOLD MINES SILVER
LABORERS QUARRIES
5 single-hand miners $75 and $60
6 laborers, new mine, no experience required.
S60; 50 laborers, different . gold and silver
mines, $75, $60 and $40 and found; 25 drillers
and hammermen, $60; 500 laborers, different
places, city and country, $175 to $4 day; 2
laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 5 men, handy
with tools, city. $2 day; furnace man, etc.
HOTEL DEPT., ETC
Second cook, country hotel. $50, see boss here;
butcher for the mines, $40; second cook, In-
stitution, $30; pantry man, $25; 2 butchers.
$52 and $60; cook, sailing vessel, $50; 3 camp
and ranch cooks, $30 and $25; 3 waiters, $25
and $30; dishwasher, ranch, $25; 2 bakers and
helper. MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay.
FRUIT PICKERS _
LOOK HERE MEN AND BOYS
Anybody will suit No experience
25 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruits, work in. packing house and dry yards,
$30 and found, long job; 10 men for packing
house, north, $30 and found; 150 men and
boys to pick fruit and grapes, different coun-
ties : $30 and found
COME ONE COME ALL
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st
BOY for real estate office; must reside with
parents and commence with $12 per month.
Address in applicant's handwriting, box 47S.
Call office.
WANTED— A few good strong boys obout 17
years of age to learn machinist's trade. Ap-
ply THE J. A. GRAY COMPANY, 213-215
Mission st.
WANTED— Young man to work in wholesale
commission house; good at penmanship and
figures: German descent preferred. Box 469.
Call office. I
WANTED— 6 flrst-class outside carpenters for
work in San Francisco. W. T. VEITCH &
BRO., 1164 Webster St., near Fourteenth.
Oakland.
BOY wanted at electrical works, northeast
corner of Point Lobos and Fifth aves. Apply
before 8 a.* m. '
LOCKSMITH who can do repairing at Berke-
ley Hardware and Repair Shop. A. ER-
LANDSEN. 2020 Shattuck ave., Berkeley. -
WANTED— 25 laborers to cut and bale brush,
on the Sacramento River. Apply 44 East st,
rooms 5 and 6, DARBY LAYDON.
WANTED— Stock clerk, young man with ex-
perience; reference. ROOS BROS, 25 and 37
Kearny st
TWO boys to feed presses. 622 Clay at., room
15.
WANTED— Reliable man as foreman for manu-
facturing business; must be well recom-
mended and have security. Box 328. Call.
WANTED — Boy to drive a wagon. 843 How-
ard St.
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 23-37 Kear-
ny st.
STRONG intelligent boys, 18 to 20 years old,
to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st. . .
WANTED — Experienced elevator boy. Apply
at elevator, 1203 California et.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling, at 625 Com-
mercial st.
CABINET maker, first-class man. FINK ¦ &
SCHINDLER, 13C9 Market St.
PLUMBER'S helper; also boy to learn; state
age, experience and wages. Box 470, Call.
WANTED — First-class pantsmaker. JOHN
REID & SON, 907 Market St.
BOY wanted for flower store. 13 Geary st.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason st.
PRESSERS at the CAL. CLOTHING RENO-
VATORY. 116 Geary st.
BARBERS — 5-chair shop and fixtures for sale,
cheap. 105 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker wanted at -771
Howard st. : extra work.
WANTED-A bootblack at 209 Larkin st
} MEN and befc-s we ted' Wednesday and Thurs-
I day; good pay- s09 California st., room 13.
WANTED— Wholesale house requires a good,
strong young man; must write a fair hand
and be quick at figures. - Address, with refer-
ences, box 433, Call office.
WANTED— Boys over 17 years old to learn to
run lathes, drill presses and milling machines.
Apply to UNION GAS ENGINE CO.. 244
First st.. city. .
A SNAP to suitable party— Barber shop, with
fixtures complete; Richmond district Inquire
538 Clementina st.
WANTED — Manager for a bazaar; experienced;
I first-class references required. Address box
2313, Call office. Oakland.
STEADY, willing boy. 16 years, to learn trade:
good opportunity. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35
Market st. — ¦
WANTED— Genteel boy, about 14 years, for
photo studio. HAUSSLER, 1418 Market st.
STRONG boy wanted; call 8 a. m. F. J. MIL-
LER,.230__F!llmore st.
GOOD solicitors for McKinley memorial pic-
tures. Call 503 California st.. room 34. -—
YOUNG man, about 16 or 17 years, for men's
furnishing store. Address box 279, Call office.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
: ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St., S. F.
WANTED— Bright young man, 18 to 20 years of
age. Apply at HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
• WANTED— An engineer who is familiar with
one running planing mill. Address Box 441.
Call office.
' WANTED — Blacksmiths, horseshoera and
: wheelwrights to go to Manila, P. I. Apply
; Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery st. OSCAR F. LONG, Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army.
A FEW good solicitors between 9 and 10. 2W
: Kearny st, room 611. .
• WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
1 inch; able to speak and read English. For
I further Information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel. men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good' board and best
r wages in State. San Francisco Construction
t Co., 26 Montgomery st., room 25, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
! MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eltch!
weeks; -positions secured at $60 monthly;
( special inducements this month; write at
• once for. free catalogue. MOLER BARBEK
j COLLEGE.. 635 Clay st.
' GOOD driver for mineral water wairon; must
[ have reference and security. Box 294. Call.
J WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
• that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
| _ rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
', GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Cc. f.63 Mission Bt.. bet 1st an i 2d sts.
. PENSION atty.. "E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelau
i big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A.' R.
, WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush st. third floor,
room 4. v
- ALL sizes men's shoes,/ slightly damaged, hall
, price. 563 Mission st./ bet. 1st and 2d sts.
. McDONALD & PERRY' have ECO pairs second-
; .hand shoes. for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
'• YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition Ir
' San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
t WANTED— 500 men to' buy new and 2d-hand
- army shoes. $1 up: soling 2Ccnp. 923 Howard.
• WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; rre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
untli 12 o'clock «veiy night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 5:30 p. m.
C3) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market 6treet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street,: open until 9 p. m.
103S Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 8 p. m.
CHCRCH SERVICES.
MEMORIAL service— The Congregation Temple
Emanu-El will hold a memorial service on
THURSDAY. Sept. 19. at 2 p. m.. In order
to nay a fitting tribute to our beloved and
lamented President. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Public invited. RAPHAEL PEIXOTTO.
President
MEMORIAL services will be held on THURS-
DAY, at 10:30 a- m.. at the German Ev.
Luth. St. Paul's Church, corner Eddy and
Gouth Ets. Rev. J. H. Echroeder . will de-
llver the sermon.
J1EETIXG SOTICES.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- }53f
eree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec /~T >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M.-Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-_A_
DAY) EVENING. Sept. IS, at 7 XJ*
o'clock. Third degree. f^ry
. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Officers and members are hereby noti- _ n _
fi»d that cwing to the death o£ WIL-^S j£
LIAM McKINLEY. President, there /^Sr>
¦will b« no meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. C. F. LIBBY. W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
CP.OCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. _'
M.— Because of showing respect for_^k
our late brother. WILLIAM MeKIN-^?j£
j LEY. there will not be any meeting Mr\
THIS EVENING. H. F. CHASE. W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
VALLEY Lodge No. SO. A. O. U. W. ««;!»>
instituted April 21, 187S, meets THIS c*S*V=
v (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 «_|SS
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth Q*^
et All members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS. M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder.
National union, can- t*ce_5____v
fornla Council, meets
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer ¦" l>:a CW
Hall. Fourth street, at . ~
S o'clock <in Its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially Invited." By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, President
C. H. VAN OKDEN. Secretary.
TO THE NATIVE SONS OF THE GOLDEN
WEST:
THURSDAY, the 19th of September, has
been set apart as a day of mourning over
the lamented death of our great and good
President.
The people of the city of San Francisco
have arranged for appropriate memorial ob-
servances to be held at Mechanics' Pavilion
on that day. «
The members of the order in the city of
San Francisco are requested to attend these
exerciseE.
I suggest to the parlors throughout the
State that at some appointed time appro-
priate exercises be held by each, giving ex-
pression to the universal sorrow now pre-
vailing In our country.
FRANK L. COOMBS. Grand President
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by .the hydrJ^lic
process from A. E. Jones in the Ham\n
placer mine, near Johnsville, Plumas CounnC*
to deposit tailings in Nelson Creek; fron\
Ellen C. Sargent et al., in the Quaker Hill
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City. Nevada County, to deposit taillnes on
a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Mining, Water and Power Company, in the
Round Butte placer mine, near Sheep Ranch.
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In O'Neil
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59. Flood buildinsr. San Fran-
cipco. Cal.. on September SO. 190L at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTIOX.
CIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DE.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth et. Alameda.
ASPUALTUSI ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
AITOKXISVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free ;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn;fees low;oi>«n
fve'g. THURSTON. 1008^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee- if suc-
cesEful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market Et.
ADVICE free ; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Bt.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
lOAjKJEAtr TltCVKS.
ASK to eee Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAACES.
A— $600: LADY partner wanted: must be of
business ability; in establ. parlors for hair
treatment, etc.; business clears easily J3C0
per tsonth; proprietress will teach Incoming
partner. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26>4
Kearnj- st.
A— S450; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front: rent $25; must be- soid at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Bt.
A-$400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20; very best location
- on Fillmore St., and good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny st~
A— $600; CIGAR store; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearry Et. • .
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
8 years: doing good business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26\i Kearny Et.
A— $1400; SALOON: choicest location on Market
et. ; net rent 5>0: fine fixtures and good pay-
ing business; investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market Ft.: a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must eell at once: investigate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $500: CHOP and oyster house on Market St.;
rent 130; dally receipts $30 and above: owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C',i Kearny st-
A— $650; SALOON; central location; well
stocked with liquors. RETSLOFF, 906 Mar-
ket Et..' room 12. corner Ellis.
DAIRY route, 21 cows,- complete, in operation.
FRED PvOHRER, P. O. box, Trestle Glen,
East Oakland.
EXCELLENT opportunity for party to invest
$50ti0 where it is almost sure to return $50,000
to $70,000 in less than a year: security given;
prompt action rfecessary. Address box 449,
Call office.
FOH eale it invoice price — Grocery and liquor
store; good cash business; in fine location;
low rent; mutt sen on account of sickness.
Address box 464, Call office; no agents.
$45Or-CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.r. 12.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: 13 rooms; 16 beds;
always full: every convenience: must sell;
ill health. -MISS M. HEATH, Belvedere, Cal.
A— CIGAR stand: fine location; rent only $15;
monthly rales $450; owner getting old: will sell
cheap. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrotf building.
MAN and wife, business people, who command
$1000, can find unusual opening in Arkansas.
For Interview address box 467. Call office.
, »
FOK sale cheap— Butcher ehop: a splendid op-
portunity;' established 14 years; good loca-
tion. Box 4876, Call office.
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing business;
good chance for active man; will yield to
each about f'-«0 a month; duties light and
easily acquired; capital required, $500. DON-
NELLY & CO.. 632 Market Et. .
CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
bath: large barn; rent SZO; death cause sale;
no agents; enap. Box 109, Call office.
$300 AND J3T.0— Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blacksimth business; price in each
case covers ttock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 283, Call office. - *
WANTED— Good saloon and* lunch house; no
agents. Address box 417. Call office.
RKSTAURANT on Market St.. near city front;
cheap rent; at sacrifice on account of going
north. For particulars call 550 Mission st
SALOON for sale cheap; must be eold this
. week: rood locar^jn; cheap rent. Inquire
1206 Market Et-. vooms 8-10. - - : ....
FOR sale— Flzvt-cl ass cigar store at Invoice
price If 60ld to-day. JAS. COOK. 83 Third Bt
WANTED — A paying barber shop for cash;
no other need answer. Box . 432. Call office.
LADY wishes gentleman to buy Interest in
established business. Box S61, Call- office. '.
FOR sale — Splendid paying restaurant; apply at
once; partners disagree. . 217 Sixth st. .-.--.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary lUmpi. R. Garvey, 100S Call bid.
HELP FEMALE— Con.
WANTED — Girl who understands metal burn-
- ishlng; must have her own set of tools. Ap-
ply box 461, Call. ] ¦ . . •
WANTED— A clerk familiar with \ the sheet
music business. Apply superintendent's of-
fice. Emporium. * *
GIRL. 15 years old to help in housework and
care of children. Call 15US Franklin st, from
9 to 11, ' ¦ - . -
YOUNG woman; light housework; wages $12 to
$14. 745 Guerrero st.
GIRL", for second .work. Apply at 1034 Mission
street. - - . . ~
GlRL for housework and cooking. Call at 2425
Fillm— -e st, between 9. and 12.
EXPERIENCED salesladies in fancy goods
and hosiery; references. Box 460, Call.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Apply
547 A Castro st. , .
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaker. 831
Vallejo st. '
FIRST-CLASS trimmer and makers wanted in
millinery store. 692 McAllister St.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady, Protestant
Christian, to help In quiet family for good
home; permanent. Box 2314, Call, Oakland.
WANTED— Reliable girl or woman for plain
cooking; sleep home; wages $15. Address 721
Polk st
GIRLS to put up perfumes, $3 per week. Box
274. Call office. .
"WANTED— Flrst-class tailoress; steady place;
good. wages. 12C0 Market st.
FIVE experienced driving glove makers and
apprentices. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market. .
WANTED— Reliable woman, past 25, for re-
sponsible position; permanent. Box 46S, Call.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table. 136 Second
street. •
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 211 Fourth st;
$12 50 a month, board and room.
PANTS finishers wanted. 227 Fifth st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; call between 10 and 11. 2235V4 Howard st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; good
wages. 1833 Ellis st.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
WANTED— Good waitress at 209 Jones st
WOMAN who understands underwear cutting.
656 Mission St., third floor.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family. 839 Devisadero St., near McAllister.
GIRL or elderly lady for light housework;
sleep home. 1412 Harrison st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GOOD finishers and apprentice on pants wanted
at 935 Market Et.. room 16.
AN improver wanted for corset-making; one
who understands sewing machine. Call after
9 a. m., 247 Geary Bt.
WANTED — Helpers and apprentices for dress-
making; paid while learning. 1022 Washing-
ton st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants, 25c pair; also
finisher. 211% Tehama st., upstairs.
WANTED — Refined young girl as apprentice in
photo studio. HAUSSLER, 1418 Market st
GIRL to attend to shooting gallery; $5 week
'and board. Call 523 Pacific St.
TAILORESS, flrst-class finisher on coats; also
apprentice. Call early, 119 Russ st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook; boarding-house.
2130 Oxford st., Berkeley; apply mornings.
A-l FINISHERS wanted on cloaks. M. SIM-
INOFF, 1228 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $25. 1317 Gough st.
GOOD helpers on waists and skirts; also an
apprentice. 610 Ellis st.
GIRL to assist in housework and care for
children; German preferred. 755 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.' s factory. 32 V4 Fremont st. ; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery "st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. . Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough an i
Grove Ets.
WANTED— First-class notion' saleswoman;
one who Is competent to take charge of a
stock; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 400, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m. - »
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookblndery.
ES6 Clay st.
WANTED— Women ior light work Oa fruit.
1731 Folsom et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th9
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A^Ta"^riHAJ^E?r&*'co7s . ri"7TloT7jeary"s it
Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare Free fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers and laborers.... $1 75 to $2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
25 drillers and headers $2 20 to $2 50
25 muckers and laborers , $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
20 laborers, section work.:., $1 75 a day
Free fare Ship daily .....Free fare
10 laborers for salt works, Nevada, $2 25 a day,
see boss here; 20 laborers for sawmill and
woods, $2 a day; 6 blacksmiths, country shops,
$2 60 to $3 a day; blacksmith's helper, coun-
. try, $2 a day; farmers, milkers, choremen
and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, country hotel, $50 and fare ad-
vanced, eee party here; vegetableman, $25;
dishwasher, $25; waiter, , $25, for an Institu-
tion, country; second cook, "country, $50;
waiter, country restaurant, $35; 10 waiters,
hotels, city, $30 and $25; 20 dishwashers, vege-
tablemen, pantrymen, silvermen and N kitchen
hands, $30 and $25.
Porter, flrst-class country hotel, $30; 2 neat
bell boys, country hotel, $20; 3 porters, coun-
try hotels, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
A YOUNG man who speaks French as appren-
tice cook's trade, flrst-class hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
COOK and wife for mine, $75; restaurant cooks,
$60, $40 and $35;- restaurant second cook, $35;
oyster house cook, $40; second cook, country
hotel, $50, see boss in city; cook, small coun-
try hotel, $30; cook, private boarding-house.
$40: night porter for restaurant. $25; waiters,
$7 to $11 week; steward, $15 week; pantryman,
$8 week; dishwashers, $20 to $27 month, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st v^
5 BRIDGE caruenters, $3 50 day; piledrivers,
$3 50 day; lunlber pilers, $2 day and 40c an
hour; 5 single-hand miners, $2 day and board;
laborers for quarry. $2 day; farmers; milkers.
$30 and. $35; choremen and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st •
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 4C5.
RAILROAD LABORERS
SANTA FE R. R FRESNO DIVISION
UKIAH :.. UKIAH
.................. FREE FARE
60 teamsters .for Uklah. $2 to $2 25 per day
Milker, near city $30 per month
Sailors and deckhands for roast, Mexico. Hon-
olulu, Australia and Japan $40 per month
6 carpenters, big electric company
$3 to $3 50 per day, $4 to 5 months' work
4 shovelers. city '..•:...;......; $2 per day
i ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton Et.-r-Cook and
! dishwasher for Eureka. $45 and $25; cook and
; dishwasher, city boarding-house. $35 to $60;
i assistant butcher, $30; waiter, country hotel.
'•' ?30; porter, young man for hotel. $25; man to
; do stable work, wife to cook, country, $40;
i man around garden, wife for laundry work,
I " $5 °- '' : - - ; '
A — WAITER, $30. city; second cook, $50. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO • Phone Main 1573
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
, Hotel clerk; 2 bell. boys, $10 to $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room • 207.
I I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
SASH and door men, marine firemen, sailors,
R lumber stevedores; non-union; no office fees,
i /MECHANICS" REGISTRATION BUREAU.
• '410 Kearny Bt, room 24. \- . ¦:.,
j WANTED— A clerk familiar with the * sheet
music business. Apply superintendent's - of-
fice. Emporium. . , • --• - -. .
'ERRAND boy wanted. 230% Ninth stGRAND HOTEL.
J Freaney, Willows
J C Douglas & w, Cal
R MacArthur. Sn Raf
B H Cuddebock. L Ang
C H Hussey, Gin Ellen
W F Barnes. Los Ang
H . T Russell, D C
P Zahn, : Minneapolis
A M Aldrich & w.Mont
G« B Daniels & w, Cal
G Pettitt. Fresno
F Breese, Nevada City
W M Breckenridge.AriK
Mrs F L Christie. B C
G F McNoble, Stocktn
R S Brown, Petaluma
D Mason & w, ' Sacto
F Barrett & w, Cal
H K McLennan. Sacto
D Hollister. Courtland
W A Dennis, Nev City
F M Conser, DC
Miss Swank. Sta Cruz
E J Roy, Sta Barbara
D Boone Jr, NY
T W Johns. Vallejo
W Hood. Sacto
Mrs E L Bereford. Cal
J B Ladd. Portland
F M Brent. Cisco
F H Murray, Boston
T Theberath, Marysvil
E R Parmelee. L Ang
O H Willoughby. Cal
G'W Johnson. Chicago
E E Thomas, Scranton
W J O'Reilly. Cal
Dr A M F McCollough.
Los Angeles
C H Pool. Los Any
A B Adams. Eureka
C G Raub & w. Sutter
B G Parlow, Placervill
J Rogers, Arizona
Miss Monro. Arizona
Miss Mackenzie. Arix
F R Browne. Stockton
Mrs B V Cushman.Arlz
Mrs E Reynolds.' Ariz
Mrs M McCormick. Cal
Mrs A McCormick. Cal
C L White. Sacto
L O Ortens, Truckee
J N Ferguson. Menlo
A Dubbers. Ventura
G Hord, Kentucky *
G W Towle. Towle
J L Jacobs, Sacto ¦
R T Wheeler, Stockton
A B Hotchklss & w,
Los Angeles
G Oberauer Jr. Seattle
J S Craig. Woodland
Mrs J W Browning, Cal
Miss A Browning. Cal
Mrs J T Carroll. Seattl
K E Perkins, Dawson
S Martlnelli, Watsnvil
W R Powell. St Helna
O F . Schwerdtmann,
St Louis
A A de Llgne, Sacto
M Brady, Fresno i
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Foote, Oakland
C Morgan. USA
T T Williams. S Rafl
A Miller, Los Angeles
C Wler, Los Angeles
A J Hammond. Fla
L S Wright, Shasta. Co
C Sweeny, Spokane ¦
F R Culbertson, Spkne
J D Schuyler, Los Ang
W Huttlgr. Iowa
Mrs .T M Smith & s.
Pasadena
F C Flnkle. Redlands
Mrs F Hopkins, Portld
Mrs D Pratt. NY
J -H Emanuel Jr & w,
NY
A Borden, N Y
E R Brown, Los Ansr
S J Franklin, Los Ang
Mrs L G Ney & dau,
- Petaluma
J Treadwell, Oakland
Mrs L Kahn, N Y
Mrs S H Levy, N T
G M Murphy. S Jos»
B U Steinman. Sacto
T Flint Jr. San ." % m
F E Walsh & w, Z A
K W Beckwith & nr.
Chicago
Carl Schmidt. N T.
G Mason. Los Angp-
C Kimball. Oakland
¦F E Johnston, Napa ..
C D Cooksy, Stanford
Miss E Cooksy, Stanfd
Mrs J Chanslor, L Ang
Miss B Chanslor Los A
J Starr. San Rafael
C W Wilhelm. Pa
"W T Smith, Elko
Joe Rider. Nana i
D B Chandler. N Y
Von B Holbergr. Berlin
HOTEL AEBJVAXS.
. TUESDAY, Sept. 17—4 p. m.
., . Bia.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice ....03 04
Alta 02 05 Kentuck — 62
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher .' 08 09 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental 05 07
Bullion .01 03 Ophir 77 78
Caledonia 28 20 Overman 04 05
Challenge Con.. 11 13 Potosi 04 05
Chollar 07 C9 Savage 02 C1
Confidence ..... 55 57 Scorpion — 04
Con, Cal & Va.175 180 Segr Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 22 23
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill SO 32
Crown Point... 02 03 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ..¦ 14 — Standard — 3 23
Exchequer .... — 01 Syndicate — 68
Gould & Curry. 07-. 08 Union Con. .... OS 06
Hale & Norcrs 17 19 Utah 03 05
Julia" — 01 Yellow Jacket. 06 07
-CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 19 1 500 Mexican 20
100 Best & Belcher 18 200 Ophir 78
300 Best & Belcher 17 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Challenge Con. 12»i 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
500 Challenge Con.. 12 300 Union Con . .. 06
200 Chollar - | 08 200 Union Con .... 05
100 Con Cal & V.I '77% 500 Yellow Jacket. 06
100 Confidence . ; . . ; 57
Sudden Death of a Teamster.
James Leroy, a teamster, residing with
his mother at 304 Tehama street, died sud
denly yesterday morning. He was taken
ill on Saturday night with pains in the
stomach, but his mother did not think it
necessary to send for a physician. He
gradually grew worse and collapsed at 4
o'clock in the morning. He was unmar
ried and 21 years old.
Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The affidavit was the basis for an order
for the arrest of an actor named Thomp
son try Judge Graham and was shown to
the Judge by Collins Saturday morning,
when he asked to have the arresting order
issued. The Judge noticed at the time
it was presented that it bore no file mark
and spoke . to the attorney about it. The
attorney said he was -on his way to the
clerk's office to have that attended to and
upon these representations Judge Graham
issued an order for the arrest of Thomp
son and fixed bail at $500, half the amount
of the Judgment against Thompson, gain
ed by Mrs. Greer, his mother-in-law, some
time ago. ' .
That was the last seen of the affidavit,
though Collins asserts that he took it to
Clerk Grief for filing. Grief is equally
as positive that the paper never passed
through his hands and sc told Judge Gra
ham and Attorney Collins. The latter
then said that one of the newspaper men
had taken the document from the desk,
but when offered a chance to identify the
reporter would not accept it.
~ The disappearance of the paper is likely
to cause a great deal of trouble, as the
actor's lawyer is about to Institute an ac
tion for damages against Mrs. Greer and
her attorney, Collins.
Judge Graham, in speaking of the oc
currence yesterday, said: "I was deceived
by Collins. He did not tell me that he had
tried to get an order from Judge Sloss
and failed. I did not know that Thomp
son, the actor, was the man that was
wanted, and when I read the Btory in the
papers Sunday I went to the Hall of Jus
tice and tried every means In my power
to remedy my. error. I sent for Collins
Monday and when he came he told me
that he had laid the affidavit on Grief's
desk. When I told him that Grief said
he had not.he then said a newspaper man
had taken it. The obtaining of the war
rant in such a manner was an outrage."
The disappearance of an affidavit, said
to have been filed in the County Clerk's
office last Saturday, Is causing a deal of
discussion at the City Hall. The parties
most vitally Interested In the missing:
paper are Judge Graham, Judgment Clerk
Johnny Grief and George D, Collins, the
attorney.
Lawyer Collins' Claim That
Document Was Piled
Is Denied. •
" . ' . - i ¦ .
AflQdavit Which Secured
Order for Arrest
Disappears.
MISSING PAPER
CAUSES TROUBLE
THE SA^ FRAWUISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
11
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
EIX. (even and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th, ISth, Castro
aud Nee sts. ;¦% cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Ouerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
EON. builder. :
SPLENDID bargain — Large double house and
cottage; house 2S4-386 San Jose ave (corner'
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 360S Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 280." Call.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath ; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL^ESTATE~COUXTRY---For Snle
EPECIAL bargain — 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Mary&ville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good" buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be sold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation ; rich valley land; good
[ buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an.
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the- heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
fcr Information a bargain will be given. . ¦
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO "
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and genera! farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California et., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR -bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale; place for
sale or rent; chickens, hogs, horse, ewlll
wagon, etc. ; about $450. C. WILMOTT, 816
Market st. .
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache St., off Crescent ave.
J2500-IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster, 'Whitton &. Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. W1NFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Staten or Canada one year for ». :
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure: H cash. Bank of Al».
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T pay rent; we will sell you a new cottage
of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding doors, bay-
window, high basement, brick foundation,
stationary tubs; lot 40x120; 5 minutes . to sta-
tion and street cars, stores, churches and
school; price $1300; terms $100 cash, balance
same as rent. *
HOME REALTY CO.,
Successors to Ollerich & Perkins, Lorln.
SNAP— Beautiful home cheap; 6 large .rooms
and bath ;¦ everything' modern and complete;
nice garden and lawn; chicken houses, barn;
all fenced and cross-fenced; Z blocks to sta-
tion; price J2400; most liberal te"rms to right
party. HOME REALTY CO.,
Successors to Ollerich & Perkins,
m ¦ Lorln Station, Berkeley.
BERKELEY BARGAINS. — "—
An elegant 9-room house. Holland archi-
tecture; magnificent view; large lot; price $3069r
A very commodious 4-room cottage, $800. An '.
elegant 7-room house in Scenic Tract; large lot;
$4000; fine bargain; easy terms. An elegant 9-
room house, with 5 acres of land; fine grounds;
abundance of fruit, flowers, shrubbery; on a
fine avenue; $12,500. Five-room cottage; large
corner lot; $1600. An established grocery on ;
fine corner In good neighborhood, cheaper than
you will get It again. A fine 6-room cottage,
with large lot, $2200: It Is a sacrifice. SATOFF
& WILKINS. 2121 Center st, Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKXAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GEARY. S13%— Two, three or four furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, gas range. t - ¦'
HOWARD, 1703— A nicely furnished bay-win-
dow room for housekeeping; also single one.
NEW modern apartment house; suites of 3
rooms for housekeeping. Malor Flats, 531
Turk et. ¦ f *.
O'FARRELL. 332— A handsomely furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms; light housekeeping If de-
eired. . ¦ . . . . *
PIJJRCE. 3000, corner Filbert— A sunny corner
suite of furnished rooms; piano; bath; use of
kitchen: rent $15.
POLK, 1002 — 2 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TURK. 625— Solar flats, fine, new, Chicago
Btyle; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
\ ,
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. SOc up; meals. 25c; free coach. -
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
lie to ti per night; 51 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars.'
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
. renovated ; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 60 per week up;' elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
first -class; quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1361)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 897— Newly and handsomely furnished
rooms; also elegant parlors suitable for physi-
cian or dentist; every convenience.
BUSH, 2026— Large Bunny alcove bedroom In
email family; reasonable; reference.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 639.- cor. Larkln— Sunny furnished room,
folding bed; for 1. $6; 2, $8.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms to
let, $1 per week. * . . '
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites. and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 14 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly 'furnished; strictly first-class;
DOc per day and upward; special rates by ths
, week or "month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD. 539— Sunny furnished rooms; dou-
ble and single; reasonable.
LASKIE. 27, -bet. 8th and 6th. off Mission— 4
furnished rooms; complete housekeeping; $15;
sunny front parlor for -gentleman.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van-
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.:
O'FARRELL, : t0-^-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 327 — Single sunny room, $6; also
one, $4 per month.
PIERCE. 333, bet. Page and Oak— Two large,
eunny, furnished rooms; . running water,
¦ grate, mantel, alcove, gas; four street car
lines; near the park.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25a to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth 'at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. ltlH — I pleasant rooms. ¦ ¦ ' -
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
elngle rms.: run. water: baths; phone; cheap.
BUNNY bay-window j room In private family.
Apply 1096 Treat ave.. near Twenty-fourth at.
SUTTER, 320V4 (The Stanf ord)-Sultes from . J3
-to $7; singles |2 to $5 per week; transient
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large light room,
double bed, closet ; .$6 per month. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmors st.
_ _ ROOMS WANTED^
WANTED— By gentleman and' wife, 2 or 3 well
furnished rooms for light housekeeping. Ad-
dress box 347, Call office.
"WANTED by 2 adults, 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms; east of Van Ness and north of Eddy;
references. Box 462, Call. . ¦ . . • : r ¦ >•
AN unfurnished front room" with carpet with-
in boundary of .Eddy, Taylor, Busb; state
prices.. Box 463, Call. -
*USCELLANEOCS— FOR S/ 1,12— Con.
KOH sale— Ten plates. Van Houten & Ten
Broek static machine, with X-ray apparatus
Address Physician. Call office.
CASH register (Ha 11 wood); brand new; tss-
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia. &t.
2CEW cr Id-hand clothing, shoes, tool? metals
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P Covey'
1 2H-H.P. Hercules: gasoline eng. 910 Kearny!
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-J3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7i p 0D .
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny si. near Ptoe.
OXE friction hoift drum, brand new chp-in
H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission st ' eap>
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. SU Mission st!
A BILLIARD table, complete, for saie chean-
a bargain. At 16 OFarrell Bt. cn *ap.
F off Polk~ A1 UeSh - C0W " APP1> ' 20 B0Dlta et -
SAFES — New and second-hand THE HFR
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 SacramenYo st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 1C9 Montgomery et.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lenjrths and <| :M
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 itfSnst
D^t° XD^ wat £ hes : Jewelry: cash or insull-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 23.
F £ii 5? i^mra^r^^R^H^F^ 8 co d
E eg y j ES EUR K^r 1 l;yBeaL CO sl d - :hand """^
F H I 5 BAI $ KS ' 10 ,- ton ha V scale; Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California et.
M t A ,^« C 1 m t £ r ? S ;« ew and M "'»«nd moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLAXEOCS WAXTS.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought- also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey. loos Call bid.
m l V hi^ T i; r^ A w °^ c * : oM sealskins; will pay
y^V highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
T !F n ?:i T ants eood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th ct.: tel. Folsom 2521
MOXEV TO IXJAX.
A «^ M J ANHATTAN loan company!
J300.000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
ua&land, town and country property; second
mortgagee. life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
S, f . SH V^ Be c u riti«s. Tel. Red 6024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~
First, second and third mortgages
undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
...........24 Montgomery St.. room S
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at «% or less In large sums; loans'
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial !
problems of all eorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN. -
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny St., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper i
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry. :
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
it Grant ave.. near Market eL ; tel. Black 547L ¦
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
: st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
~*. MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
,. Geary 6t.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker A Co.. 26 Montgomery.
' -" CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
;"-:¦ out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 608 Examiner building. :
.LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; conSden-
.. t;al. Room J, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
; -OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
.\: quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
:¦..¦-. I age; reliable party. 1176 Market et.. room 68. ;
CN REAL estate— 6 per cent per annum; no '
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st. |
. : '3*£ on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
;..-¦;-. •'" no commission; private. -Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
:t"V CXCLE HARRIS has retired from business. :
:'.'..¦ IF you want a home I will loan you money to
. buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansom* st.
THE TOUSLEY* Company; loans and discounts.
221 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
OX salaries or -wages: no ladorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGEXCT, ~M Phelan building.
, .' LOANS money en salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 308 Phelan bldg.
. CHEAPEST and beet In America— The •Weekly
;¦¦•;':• Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tfa*
United Etetes or Canada one year for tl.
MCSICAL^ KSTRCMESTS.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PiANOS.
1 good upright. JS5; 1 better. 185.
5 good grands. $175, J195.
6 uprights, VJS. (155. I1S3. 1190. *1».
- Also Conover, Steinway. Weber, Vose, Curtax,
Decker Bros., Pease. Standard, Uttls used.
ORGANS.
1 C-etop. SSS; 1 ?-stop S44.
1 7-stop. 148; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual S75: 1 16-* top. Liszt styls.
vl Mason A Hamlln. very fine. $130.
X Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX,
16 O'Farrell st. Chickering Agency.
14.000 eq. feet; largest and oldest piano noose.
ALL planes purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
uprUrbt or baby grand piano any time within
t years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright clanoc, $( per
month; some good pianos sold for $J, Jt and
it per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
• gteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. Ban Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth gt.. Oakland.
OUR special "anniversary" Bale la etlll on: if
yoa have not already bought we can make it
an object for you to come and see us; we
have uprights from $75 upward; you get low
prices for cash or payments. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76^ Market gt.
ALL highest grades eold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole trents for famous and oldest Amerlcaa
makes. Including Hallet-Davls; great bax-
rmln list. $S0 up; Stelnway. $185 up; Fischer.
flC-C; Chickering. J165; M others, rents X2 tip;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
Ftrlke has placed two carloads of hlgh-grada
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a eong.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
ANY riano sold by us taken back any time
¦within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER t CHASE. SO O'Farrell
ft.; established 1SS0.
PIANOS — Steck. Everett, Htrtmaa, Packard.
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented : wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. KZ Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch rtore. 351 Broadway. Oakland.
.—ATTENTION. PIANO BUTTERS!
WT Pohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
w llton and 6plelman i^anos to be had new
* only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 208. 310. 812 Post.
A FINE upright grand Spencer piano: almost
new; very cheap. Address box 420. Call.
150— EMERSON and 7 bargain uprights and
baby grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 17M Mlssn.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright, $37; Stelnway
upright. $165. Room 88. 217 Geary et.*
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal op-
rlght piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
ETEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano as cood as new; standard
roake; n sacrifice. Hornnng's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'8. 22 Turk et.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
175 AND upward-Fine uprights. PIERCE 1 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sta.
A EPKCIAL for this wesk— $4uO plans for $275.
BRTJENN. 208 Post mU -' '
ELEGANT n»>w upright pianos for rent, W per
. n». SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
SITPERJOn violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. mafcer. repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD fiwond-hand upright tot «al» cheap.
PCHMIT7.. K McAllister rt.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
TENDERS are wantpil for removing brick wall.
For information anplv at office of Risdon Iron
Workr. Boale and Howard fts.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate. SaxCO feet;
electric «le\-ator rfrvice and water free. Ap-
_' Plr COLLINS. 500 Mission et.
OIL.
OIL tanks. *econ<l-liand. In good order: all
•ices; cheap. H. 8. WHITE, C16 ilUsloa at.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished;, reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy st., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, ¦ S15 ¦ Leavenworth— Fine -sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE NIARA, 615 Taylor st ¦ (formerly the
Clairmount) has changed hands. MRS. MAY
BOOKER haa thoroughly renovated and re-
furnished the house; rooms single or en suite,
with or without board; home cooking; refs. !
BOARDING— MRS. K. A. D' ARCY has taken
charge of the dining-room of The Niara, 615
Taylor st, and it Is under her personal super-
vlsion; family or transient; home cooking.
A SUNNY suite, with excellent • board ; mod-
ern; also table board. 1184 Ellis; reference.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
lly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished ;"
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
POST. 739 — Exceptional roomB and | board:
beautiful grounds: table board given to few
select parties; refs. MRS. J. CALHOUN.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD Fellows' Cemetery Association — The an-
nual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY,
September 23, 1901, at 2 p. m., at the office
¦ of the association. Point Loboa ave., .for- the
election of Trustees, etc. By i order of the
Board of Trustees.
-' GEORGE T. BOHEN, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
EUltation free. American Dispensary. S14 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SCPrXIES.
ALL kinds bought,- sold, rented, exchanged; re-
¦ pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; ro-
palrlng: lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE 'AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage, and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
Elon st. ; tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE.WRI~TEI*S-^We
' Bell better, machines for lees money than any
¦ house in the city; rentals. S3.- The Typewriter
; Exchange. 526 California; telephone Main 2B6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
¦ typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. \
HUTCHINSON SUG CO.—
Dividend notice — Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
' one-half cents per share) will be payable at
the office of the company, 327, Market st., on
and after Friday. September 20, 1301. Trans-
fer books close Saturday, September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
September . 17, 1901 — Sealed proposals for fur-
. nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular, to be seen at thU
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Tuesday, October 1,-1901, and opened
Immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank form of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to W. H. BALDWIN, Major and C. S.,
U. S.\Axmy, Purchasing Commissary.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department. 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, August 20th, 1901.
¦ Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on September 20th, 1901.
and then opened, for • construction of stone ¦
. wall along southern boundary of Military
Reservation, Presidio, of San Francisco, in
accordance with plans and specifications on
file here, which can be seen on application.
OSCAR F. LONG, Major and Quartermaster,
U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. ¦
PUBLIC N?>TICE^Public notice is hereby
given that the Joint committee on Judiciary,
flre and public buildings of the Board of Su-
pervisors will meet on Friday afternoon, Sep-
tember 20. .1801. at 2 o'clock, in the commit-
tee room of the said board, for the purpose
of taking up anU considering a proposed new
flre and building ordinance. All Interested
in the proposed ordinance are invited to at-
tend the meeting. JNO. A. RUSSELL,
. Clerk of the Board of Supervisors.
MARRIAGE
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: *
Harry G. Hecker, 22, 105 Ash avenue, and
Alma D. Patzer, 21, 105 Ash avenue.
Albert W. Norby. 33, 350 Fremont street, and
Elena Olson, 28, 350 Fremont street.
Thomas J- Turnbull, 23, 132 Retteck street,
and Leonora Sturtevant, 20, 36 Glen Park ave.
Solomon Schubener, 37, 357 Grove street, and
Annette Samuels, 26, 1637 O'Farrell street.
Rodolphe E. 'Lalande, 36, city, and Anna M.
Patterson, 26,- Santa Cruz.
John J. Hanley, 28, 30O4 Eighteenth street,
and Ella G. Cronin, 23, 24 Louisa street.
Andrew J. Boyd, 43, . 28 Natoma street, and
Catherine Kelly, 39, 26 Natoma street. -
Fred F. Breese, 37, Nevada City, and Fannie
Rodirers, 27, Vlsalla.
Felix P. McDonald. 25, 930% Mission street,
and Charlotte A. Reilly, 25, 930V4 Mission st.
Leonhard F.T. Levin, 50, 428 Lombard street,
and Selma Schmidt, 31, 42S Lombard street.
Hugo Cuppers, 1 44, city, and Sarah McClls-
ter, 36, city.
William E. Augsburger, 28, 3605 Army street,
and Kate B. Holmes, 18. 2705 Folsom street.
Gustav Rack'ow, 32, 548' Minna street, and
Laura Frledrich, 41, ' 1419 Howard street.
Louis. J. Kreuzer, 34, 153% Third street, and
Minna P. Lueger, 13, 316 Utah street. - *
Friedrick W." Groth, 25. 421 Franklin street,
and Martha Hoffman, 22, 2529 California street.
John R. ¦ Smith, 27, city, and Alice B.
Wheeler, 25, city. ; • ,--
Soren Sorensen. 31, 1237 Howard street, and
Elsie Madsen. 23, 838 Filbert street.
Frederick C. Finkle, 33. Redlands. and Prls-
cilla A. Davies, 20. city.
Giovanni Papera, 31, city, and Argentina De-
nuccl, 23, city. v
' BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the" publication offices and be
indorsed with the name- and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEOPOLD— In this city, September 15, 1801, to
the wife of Samuel Leopold (formerly Ida*
U. Levy), a son. N
O'BRIEN— In this city, September 13, 1901, to
the wife of William T. O'Brien, a daughter.
ROSENTHAL— In this city, September 17,- 1901,
to the wife of L. Rosenthal of Shanghai, a
Fon. ' - -• - - •
married! ~~~
GLIDDEN— W.UITE— In this city, September
10, 1901. by his Honor, Thomas F. Dunn,
Justice -of th» Peace, Frederick V. S. GHd-
: den of San Fianclsco and Pansy Maud White
of Michigan Bluff, Placer County, Cal,
LETROADEC— BRADBURY— In this city, Sep-
tember 10, 1901, by the Rev. E. J. Lion,
Emile H. Letroadec and May M. Bradbury.
6MITH-LARSEN— In this city, September 14,
1901, by the' Rev. O. Groensberg, Charles J.
Smith and Gertrude M. Larsen.
— DIED. ~~
Anderson, Thomas Letson. Arthur H.
Blum, Raymond E. Long, Ellen
Cooper, John R. . . McKernan, Ellen M.
. Cruza, Herbert^ Marron. Margaret
Denny, Anastasla Marston. Levl H.-
Donovan. James Montell. Jane
Duggan, Mrs. Teresa Munsell. James Jr.
Gamma, Albert Paulson. Dr. Bernard
Grant, Nellie ' Pedersen. Leland H
Hynes, John Qulst. Jenny L.
Jacobi. Hannah Repert, ¦ Abraham
Isaacs, Michael Rose, Mary
Larsen. Gertrude I* . Smith, Mary
. Lausten, Anton ' Stewart. John '
: L«ltch. James . Sullivan. William T.
; HENRY «J. GALLAGHER CO.
-, (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, MgF «
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS.
JO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. ££
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet
: v Ban Mateo County. ; ,
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
. : .-. J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
. Samuel ! McFadden, 18 i years manager for
the ¦ United - Undertakers' Association: M
J. McBrearty. with the . same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, late, with J. 1 C.
O'Connor &¦ Co., -have- opened new Funeral
Parlors at; 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth : and Eighth. Telephone South 44. - ;
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,,
Via Sausallto Ferry. '¦ - '
Commencing April 23. 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VJtLJJ&Z
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-€:55, 8:30. •9:30, 11 m. m..
12:45. »l:45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15, 6:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Her Mill Valley and Sai
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYSr-7:00. 8:00. •10:00, 11:00 11:39
.. m., 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:«. 5:00. «:00. 7:33
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run -to San Rafael
Sundays. v
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentin.
FROM RAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-»5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:33, NfclJ
a m.. »12:25. 1:15, 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdaya at. 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. ' »8:00. 9:45, *H:0O a. m. »13
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. »5:45. 6:45. 7:30. *10:li>
'Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 6:43. 6:43, 7:55, 8:53. : 10:39
a, m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, E:10. 5:20 p. m. :
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8.-00. 10:C5. 11:10 a. m.. J2:K,
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • . - • . • . ¦ X : '- , '
3:15 p.m. Saturdaya— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' .
8:0C a. xn. Sundays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. • . • . - ¦
10 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. • • - ¦ ¦ . : » . - -
Eg*-??-):. ...week days..... !;§ T i**
8:00*. U.) 12:15 p.m.
IDOa. M. - '.;.¦'- 1:13 P.M.
10:00*.. M.I «c\DA7l / 8:30*. M.
ISO p. m. - SJiOr. a*.
330 p. K. J . V* 7:10 r. u.
Fsra. a«s fi iu mil t» 8mH sad Utwn, $!.«» .
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St. & Sausallto Penr.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
,-. TU AumIIm r«T7~r«X <rf Vtrkn St.
PA1XTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered, from J3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d; tel. Red 3621.
_rnysiciA.\s a\d sdrgeoxs.
DR. C. C. O'DONICELL^oiflSe~and~resldenceT
1C21H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DK. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; nee
- testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb Coctor; sanitarium!
<64-7C6 Clay st.; Bee testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PALMISTliY.
MRS. LAMB, eclentific palmist; head and face
reading: lessons given. «il7 Jones st; '
PERSONALS.
ONE BOTTLE or Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 hO uer bottle. For circulars," Pious Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light . in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to II 50 per night; $1 &0 to $6 per ,week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from eenulna
Scotch, {15 up; fine dress, suits, $20 up; ele-<
eant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market t-t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312, Stockton ft., near Broadway.
Dixon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists'. hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.I.G. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with ;
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
. ' A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. ?7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver diamonds and'precious stones
bought. J. R. JKNKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTK1N fe CO.. 733 Mkt
PLAXI.\G AND TCRMSG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and gawlng.. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR. SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION! "**
TUESDAY '. SEPT. 24, 1901
At our salesroom, 12 o'clock m.,
63S Market st
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE LOTS.
North side of' California St.. 200 fset west of
Gough; 2 elegant building lots on sunny side of
California Bt.; surrounded by new and elegant
homes; this is the only unimproved property
for sale in this section of the city; will sell
separately or as an entirety; lots 2ixl27:8Vi and
35x127:8% feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Northeast corner <Xo. 100) South Broderick
and 14th sts.; modern residence of 7 rooms and
bath and basement; well built and up to date;
in fine condition; magnificent panoramic view
of San Francisco and bay chore cities; only a
short distance from Haigbt-st. cars; 26:3x86:3.
.COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
West side (No. 1718) Church st., 25 feet north
of Day; handsome cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement and bath; in fine condition; light and
sunny; lot 25x80 feet.
PROBATE SALES.
Estate of James A. Johnson, deceased.
The following properties will be sold, subject
to the approval of the Superior Court:
Northwest side (Nos. 62 to 56V4) Clementina
St.. 335 feet northeast of Second; 10 flats, 6, 6, 4
rooms; in good condition; rents $103 per month:
always rented to a good class of tenants; lot
50x60 feet.
Southeast side (Nos. 27 to 33) Shipley St.,
362:6 feet northeast of Fourth; 6 well-built flats
of 4. 6 rooms each; rents $672 per annum;
these flats are in one of the best renting por-
tions of the city and are always in demand;
lot 42:2%x63 feet.
Northeast side (Nos. 27A to 31B) Morris ave.,
250 feet southeast of Harrison st. and 195 feet
east of Sixth; 6 fiats of 3, 4 rooms each; rents
$792 per. annum; In good condition; always
rented: lot 60x80 feet. .
Eouth side (No. 2S35) Bush st.. 50 feet east of
Lyon; Improvements consist of residence of 11
rooms and bath in good condition; rents $45
per month; let 52x97 feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
West side of Stanyan St.. 2S3:3 south of
Rlvoli, near 17th; fine level lot ready for build-
ing near Affiliated Colleges and Golden Gate
Park;' no wlndB, no fogs; street sewered and
macadamized; lot 25x120 feet.
SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
West side of ISth ave.. 250 feet north of M
St.; 2 fine lots overlooking Golden Gate Park;,
magnificent marine view; lots 25x120 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
East side of Victoria st., 100 feet north of
Randolph: S choice lots ready for building;
lots 25x100 feet each.
GIFT MAP LOTS.
Lot 376, gift map No. 1, east side of Ells-
worth St.. 100 feet north of Blalne, 25x70; lot
£35, gift map No. 2, east side of Pulaski st., 100
rorth of Old Hickory. 25x100 feet; lot 903, gift
map Xo. 2, northeast corner of Pulaski and
Old Hickory ets., 25x70 feet; lot 828, gift map
No. 3, west side of Ellsworth St.. 250 feet north
of Powhattan, 25x70 feet; lots 1023-1025, gift
map No. 3. west side Dunkirk st., 375 feet north
of Powhattan, lots 25x70 feet each.' *
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
SCOTT-STREET FLATS..
$3000 — Three handsome well-built flats of 5, 6,
7 rooms and bath; eunny side of. street;
modern and up to date; opposite the Girls'
High School; let 27:6x96:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. . ¦
$5750— Two substantial well-built flats ot 5, 6
rooms and bath and 2 fiats of 4 rooms
each on rear street; rents $«0 per month;
' cement walk; street bituminized; lot 26:6x
112:6; Flllmore-street cars within a few
feet. • -
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE
$5500— A 'modern' two-story residence of 10
rooms and bath; on the eact side of Lyon
street: overlooking the Park Panhandle;
this property cost over $90000 and will be
sold on very easy terms; 25x91:2 feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$5250— A elegant modern residence of 9 rooms,
basement, attic, etc.; four beautiful man-
tles; porcelain tub; open sanitary plumb-
Ing; every convenience; house well planned
and built to catch the sun; cash abeve
* mortgage of $3750: only a short distance
from the park; lot 25x100 feet.
GUERRERO STREET IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
$5000— Four well-built houses of 9, 9, 6, 4 rooms
and bath each; never vacant; rent $62* per
' annum; could be easily increased '¦ to $720
per annum; near 16th Bt; large lot, 30x124
to rear street; mortgage of $3750 can re-
main at 6 per cent.
EIGHTEENTH STREET HOME.
J2750— A two-story and high basement residence
of 7 rooms and bath; In Al condition; will
be sold on very easy terms.
BARGAIN.
$2500— Morris ave., west side, near Harrison st;
three flats of 4 rooms each in good condi-
tion and always rented; preferred side of
the street; rents $324 per annum; over 1
- per cent per month; lot 25x80 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &* CO.,
638 Market street
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Kearny st, •
Real Estate Agents.
Market st. near Sixth; 50 foot frontage; fine
brick building; rents $775. -
$100,000— Corner; 275x137:6; splendid Improve-
ments; rented at $850 per month. ¦
$51,000— Sixth-st. corner; 1% blocks from Mar-
ket: rents $361; fine building.
$55,000— One-half block from th« Orpheum;
stores and lodglng-WTOses; rent $260 net.
$42,000 — Sutter-st. corner, east of Jones St.; 3
frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; 80 feet
front.
$40,000— Eansome-st corner; lot 70x130; rents
about $250; want offer. . . " "
$40,000 — Devisadero-st. business : corner; two
stores and 7 flats; rents $305.
137,500— Ellis st, dose to Taylor; new building*
on© tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $3300.
$35 000— Mission St., near - Fourth; -fine brick
building; one tenant; rent $250.
$14,000— Cash invested in real estate .vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent« net;
rents $530; one tenant. "
$15.000— Sansome-st. corner: wholesale district;
S3 feet frontage; rents $110. . ¦
$lZ7r>0— Van Ness ave. flats; modern; rents $123.
$7. r .0O— Four new flats; rents $72; bontoh dis-
' trict: residence within 130 feet Just sold for
$12,500.
$5800— Corner: S. W. cor. Vallejo and ! Pierce
sts.: 45x112; ' cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights.
J4930— Two flats; only one-half block from Mar-
ket Bt.: rents $40; cost $7500. .- ; .-. ->¦; •-, .
A..M. SPECK & CO./;
667 Market st. 1
Santa Fe Train's
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p .4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a. 11:10 p 7:18 p^
•• Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:S5 p 3:05 a 10:SOp.
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p T:M a
"Vlsalia.... 3:40 p 4:48 a ........
•• Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
-" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago—I ....|2:15p 9:00p
¦ a for morning;, p for afternoon. . • ~ . .
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thjarsday only "
carrying -Palace. Sleeping Cars and Dlninjr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
: to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrst-clasa passengers. No second-class
' tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . - - ;-, •
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 n m *
dally. ~ • •
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist. Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars. to Chicago; also
-Palace Sleeper,". which cuts out at Fresno.
•Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 611 Market. street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land/^ ¦ . - : .-. ¦¦
CALIP38NIA NORTBWESTERN IY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. - ::-
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Marit«t 9k
San Francisco to San Rafce!.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:80. Urt» a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, S^» p. -m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ¦ -. •
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— ti:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. in.; 12:4.",
S.*). fi:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:«i,
5:05. . 6:25 p. m. ¦ ¦¦
Leave I In Effect Arrive ~
San Francisco. jAprll 28. 1901. San Francisco.
""Week I Sun- j • Sud- I Week~
Days. | days. [ Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 aia
3:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm[ Santa Roaa. \ 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
Fulton, : ~^~~
7:30 am "Windsor, 10:25 aia
5:00 pm Healdsburg-. 10:40 am
Lytton. v . :.:
Geyserville, ¦ •
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
Y:30 ami 5:00 pm I- Hopland 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pr^.
7:30 am] 10:40 am 10:25 aia
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ' "
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 axa
and I .
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pmf 8:20 pn'
7:30 ami 8:00 am| 110:40 am!10:23 am
3:30 pm( 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland fcr Duncan
Springs, Hiehland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls*
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
.Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Git's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Willlts. Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. ' -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ..'_ ¦ . . ..
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦¦;- .'..".
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcl»
buildlnc - -•"-,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
S6UTHERN~PACIFIO.
Trains lonf»'nn<i nr* **** to nrrlr* «i
MAN rit A NCIMCO.
i ; : (M*Ia Lfa>». Foot ot Market Straefc) '
"*?» — FBOMjTn.Tli.H01. — AltmVl
7:00a Benid*, flvisuD, Elmir* ud Sacra- ,
meato. •:S3y
7iO«a V»c»>ffl«, 'Wlaten, Romaey ?:33r
«iS»a MMttoaz.amuKamuu.Vallelo. N»$>m,
Caliitof* aud H»ul» Ron 0:23*
8:00a DmTii, Woodland, KnlgnU Landing,
M»rr»TiIla, (>rotill«.. 7«Mr
»>OOa Atlantic Kxpreaa- Ocdeu and Kaat lS:S.lr
H:«M»* NUm. lAthrap, Stockton 7l3.1I>
»i«»aKU««, Ueodota. Uanford,. Tlsalla,
PoiterrUle ! 4:33*
Si3Oa Oust* Express— OkTis, Williams (for .
Bartlett Springs). WUlovri. Bed
Bluff. Portlaud. 7i33p
•««•* 8«n Jo». Liienran, Htooktoii.
Iono, Haeramento. rUoerrtllo, - • ¦
Maryiillla, Chlco, ICeil lllnfT 4i23f
¦iSSa Oakdale, Cblaeso (Ycsemite). S«-
nora. Carters ' 4:2.1p
O:O»* Hajward. Niks and Wmjr SUtluu*.. 1 1 :S5\
9sOO*Vau>jo l*:33r
BiOUiLoi Annies Kiprem — Martinez. ' -
Tracy, Lathrop, dtookton, Xleroed
Tresno snd Los Axutolea 7:23r
tiS»A ValWjn, Msrtiuex and W»r Button! 2:33 r '
¦ •"••a Th« OTeriandUmlUd— Osden. Den. .
Ter. Omaha, Chicago SiSSv
t!:O»r Sacrainouto IUtm rtuxuirm |SiO»t
8iS(»r Ma/ward, Nile* and Wsj HUtions.. 7:39 p
4i«»r Beuida, Winters, (5»or»m«nlo,
Woodland, Knights .Landing,
M.rj«?llle. Otoilllo «... I »:33 v
4>OOr Martinsx. Han IUimii, V»lI»Jo, *
N»l«. t!»llato«a. Hank* Iton «iS3k
4 tOO* NUM. LiTermoro, Stockton, Lodf... I2>a»P
4i3t>r forward. Miles, Man Jose, Lrftrmora f!«:»3.i
4tS0* Port Ccs'A. Tracy, Laihro* 8t0ckton l«:23.k
3s««pThe Owl Limited— fraaiia, Tulare,
BaaeraOeld. Manfn* for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angelas S:33fc
OiOOr Martinet. AnUoch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 13:23?
Ii««r Tosomit«. ; I*l33.t
8:30r New Orleans Eiprena Mendota. ; r ¦
¦ l"r«*no. BakertOaid, X>oa Angalea, ' : .'¦
IXmtng. Si faao. New Orleans
and £ast 7t35i
• lOOr Daywaid, Sl!«a and Sail Jast . 7i33 \
jB.OBr ValUjo 1 1:23 I
SiOttr Oriental Hall— Ogleu. Chejenn*.
Omatia.Chlra.gn. l»:33r
• :OOrOrl«utal Jlall-Ogden, Den-m.
8tLouto. OUeago.rT!V 7Z. ****
7«00p Oregon and CaMfornIa ISx|>rpu. H»o- '
THNimit*. Warjitllln, JtwMIng, ' '
l'ortlaml, Tuget HowhI and Kask •t33,l
•iMr Ban Pablo, F«rt Coaka, Jtlartlaex ' -
and Way SUtlona. IliSS.i
JliMf Vsllfjo ; 7tS»f
COAST LINE eUrnn U»n C t).
' (Foot et Market 3tr»«t.) T '-
)7<4Sa S«Jito Cruz Excursion to cUataCnu
and Principal Wsy SUtions J3:03 1
¦ SiISa Newark. OmtMTillcSM Jo*«,r»)toii. .,
Boulder Ciaek.fiaii t a Oxiu and Way
BUtio»» SaOwir
fatlBrlTtwark. Contet rlU». 8»u Joie, Hew , . , j
AlmaJeo, Felton. Ronlder Creak. . I • . ¦ '
8mU Cm and Principal Wai
Stations IwiSC.
4ilBp Newark, »»u Joaa. I*. Gako* t*.i«i
«4il 5y Otenwood.B<mlder Creek. Santa Crm «S»S»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
rroB SIS 1 KiSCISCO-rool if M»rk«t Street (Slii I}-
t7:li »:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:09 B:lSf.«.
rr.m0iIUSB~r«.l.fBt.i(iw.T._trt:Oa t8;00 18:01
10:0OA.ll. 13:60 2:08 1:63 r.M.
COAST LINE (Brsad dang.).
-\.- - (Third and Townsend Sts.)
O: I » A Baa Joaeand WajHtaUona.. ....... «»a»A
17:00a Hau Joieaml Waj SUUnua ' li»»i>
/7iO<tA New Alu.adeii... / «:19:p
t7«Z0A Sunday Eicturslon for Saa Jcie.
Santa Crm. Pacific Groro and
Principal Way Stations {StSOr
•iO«AHaii Joee. HoUi.ter. SrntU Omx.
P»c4llc Urote, Salinas, Haa Lais
Obispo, Santa Barbar* and Pria-
dpal iiitemedUte Hutluiis 7i«0r
IOiHOa San Jcae ahd W»y Stations.. ¦ OsSOr
1 IiXOa 8an Joae uml Way NUtliuia SiUO.r
t*>4OrSaii Mateo. lUdifood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, Han Joss.
Hollister, Santa Crtix, Salinas.
Monterey em. I I'aolHc (JroTe 1 1 0:43 J.
«:3Or g«.n Jmr, Trea Pino*. Sauta Croz,
Pwdflo GroTe and Way t>UU<ma *:l»V
f4iISp8aaJoseandPrinctpal Way Stations V.tXk
43:OOp8an Joae, Los Gatoa tad Principal
Way SUtiooa t»iOO»
OiSOr gtnJote and Principal Way Stattnns S:33a
•>oor Bedwood. Han Jow. GOmy. ealinaa,
Santa Barbtra, Lot Angeles 10:03*
«:30p 3an. lose aud WayHUtimis !•»:««» A
«ll;45p San Joae mid Way Stations 7tS»>
A for Moraing. 1* for Afternoon. '
- ? Siinrtay exeepted. * Hnnday on'y.
m Saturday only. « Monday.
« Batuiday in 1 Bondaj. / Xoeedays and Fridayj.
Le Roy, James Valentine. Bernadette
ANDERSON— In, this city, September. 17, 1901.
j Thomas Anderson. \ dearly beloved father of
Walter G. Anderson, Mrs. Frank Fredericks,
Mrs. D. H, Vail and Mrs. H. M. Gorham. a
native of St John, New Brunswick, aged 71
year3 and 7, months. - -
:¦- C7 Notice 'of funeral- hereafter. ' ¦
BLUM— In this - city, September 17, 1901, " Ray-
mond \ Edward Blum, dearly beloved »on of
Edward and Phoebe Blum, brother of Grace
and Robert Blum, grandson of Mrs. Lydla
de 'Wolf,' and nephew of Joseph, Maggie and
John de Wolf, a^native of South San Fran-
Cisco, aged 3 years 9 months and 27 days.
COOPER-In this city, September 17, 1901, at
the residence of his parents, 1 1462 Guerrero
. e ti-eet, John Raymond, dearly beloved and
youngest son of Michael and Annie B. Cooper,
grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs. M. Mc-
Quaide, and nephew of the Rev. J. A. Cooper, !
. a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
CRUZA— In this city, September 17, 1901. Her- j
bert, beloved infant son of Joseph and Mar-
garet Cruza, a native of San Francisco, aged":
6 months and 7 days, ¦ i
DENNY— In this city, September 17, 1901, An-
. astasia, wife of the late Charles A. i Denny,
and beloved sister of James, John, George
and Maude Denny, a native of South Caro-
lina, ased 35 years. ,-
O^Funeral private.
DONOVAN-In this city. September 1«, 1901,
James, beloved husband of the late Cather-
ine Donovan, and father of Jerome Donovan
and the late Mrs. Mary ¦ McCarthy. Mrs. G.
Videau and James Donovan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 78 years>
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the funeral to-day
at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Jamea McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mission street, opposite new Postofflce. - In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUGGAN — Mrs. Teresa Duggan. An anniver-
sary requiem mass will be said in St. Mary's
Cathedral to-morrow (Thursday) morning, at
8 o'clock.'
GAMMA— In this city, September 17, 1901, Al-
bert youngest and beloved eon of Frank and
Bertha Gamma, brother of Olga and Moritz
Gamma, and nephew of Edward and ' Minnie
Regll, a native of .San Francisco, aged 6
months. : . ,. : • - .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the" resi-
dence of the parents, 3560 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRANT-In this city. September 17, 1901. Nel-
lie, wife of Joseph Grant dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. J. W. Cheney and the late
Mary E. Waters, and sister of Mary Flagg,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 46 years 2
months and 28 days. • ~ ...
HYNKE— In this city, September 17, 1901. John,
beloved ... father of William D. and George
Hynes, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
(E?"Remains at the funeral parlors of Por-
ter &. White.
ISAACS— In this city, September 17. 190L Mich-
ael Isaacs, beloved father of Mrs. Louis
Levin. Mrs. A. Yehl of Oakland. I. Isaacs of
Portland and Henry, Sam, Alexander and
Morris Isaacs of Tacoma, a native - of
Schneidermelhl, Germany, aged 76 years.
(Portland and Tacoma papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 508 Hyde street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend Streets.
JACOBI— In this city. September 16. 190L
Hannah, beloved wife of David Jacobi,
mother of Louis H., Arther, Samuel, Daniel
H., Tillle. Alice, and sister of David. and
Julius Samuels and Mrs. Eliza Schwartz, a
native of Bechtheim, Germany, aged 72
years 7 months and 8 days.
BV^The . funeral services will , be held to-
day (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her late
residence, S27 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, v by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Funeral and interment strictly pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
LARSEN— In this city, September 17. 1901, at
the parents' residence. 19% Langton street,
Gertrude Loretta, beloved daughter of Ed-
ward J. and Margaret Larsen. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 4 days. _
LAUSTEN— In this city, September 17. 1901,
Anton Lausten, beloved brother of Mrs. i E. '
Ward and Louis. Harry, Christ. Anna and
Lehnhard Lausten, a native of Schleswig,
Germany, aged 22 years.
LEITCH— In Warm Springs, September ' 14,
1901, James Leltch, beloved husband of Isa-
belle Leitch, and father of Katie Hewitt,
James and Maggie Leitch, a native of Seres,
Fifeshlre, Scotland, aged 81 years , and 5
months.
LE ROY— In this city, September 17, l§01,
James, beloved son of Kate and the late
Philip Le Roy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 1 month and ' 11 days. .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and, 29
I Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . • "
LETSON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 17,- ,1901, Arthur H. Letson, a na-
tive of Georgia,' aged 33 >• years. - "-¦¦> -¦-¦ '¦'¦ -¦.
LONG— In Oakland. September 15, 1901, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late John Long, and
mother of Daniel W. and Nellie Long, a
native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
*¦ in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 619 Magnolia street, thence to con-
nect with the 10 o'clock creek boat for San
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
San Mateo County. % . _, *
McKEKNAN— In this* city, September 16, 1901,
Ellen M., beloved wife of H. B. McKernan.
and cousin of John and Margaret Lawler and
Mrs. J. Cau«hlin, a native of " County Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged 47 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at' 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 819 Howard street, thsnee to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a. solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. 'Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. »: . . .•
MARRON— In this city. September 16. 1901
Margaret, beloved wife of John H. Marron,
and lovinjt mother of. William, Agnes, Den-
nis, John ' and Georsre Marron and Mrs. S.
Cowap and Mrs. M. Marrinan, and sister of
Mrs. C. Nolan and Mrs. John Ahem, a
native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged 60 years.
(Stoneham, Mass., papers please copy.) •
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at -8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2921 Eighteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARSTON— In this city, September 16, 1901.
Levi H.,' beloved husband of Sarah H. Mars-
ton. and father of Mrs. J. H. Long, W. H. ,
and Charles , H. Marston and Mrs. Emma
Campbell, a native of Machias, Maine, aged
79 years 1 . month . and ¦ 11 days. -
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street Inter-
. ment private. • ••
MONTELL— In this city. September 17, 1901,
Jane, beloved wife of the late Francis M.
Montell, and mother of John H. M.JMontell,
a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
(nXFuneral held from the mortuary chapel
. of the Golden Gate Undertaking- Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first, Sep-
tember 17, 1901. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MUNSELL— In Oakland, Sestember 17, 1901,
•James Munsell Jr., a native of New York,
aged S3 years 6 months and 6 days.
(EyNotice of funeral later. _
PAULSON-In this city,. September 13. 1901,
Dr. Bernard i Paulson, a native of Mecklen-
burg-, Schleswig, Germany, aged 62 years."
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor:*
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Verein Ein-
tracht.' Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
PEDERSEN— In Oakland, September 17, 1901,
Leland Henry, beloved son of Hans and Caro-
line Pedersen, and brother of Elliott Peder-
sen. a native of Oakland, aged 4 months and
27 days. .•-'-¦-. .
QUIST— In this city, September 17. ' 1901, • Jenny
Louisa, beloved daughter of . John and Jo-
sephine Qulst, and sister of Alma Theodora
and Elsie Christina and the late May Jo-
sephine Qulst. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 3 months and 5 days.
REPERT— In this city, September 14, . 1901,
Abraham Repert, a native of Pennsylvania,
ased- 62 years.
(C5"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment National Cemetery, .Presi-
dio, San Francisco. n
ROSE— In this city, September 17, 1901, Mary
Rose, a native of Memphis, Tenn., aged 37
years. . ...... • .' &
E?"Remalns at the parlors of Charles J.,B
- Metzler, 636 "Washington . street. .
SMITH— In this. city, September 17, 1901, Mary
Smith, a, native of Tennessee, aged 36 years.
[E7 Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 638 i Washington street. - ¦¦.¦'•
STEWART— In Oakland,' September 16, 1901,
John Stewart, beloved father of Mrs. James
D. CraUc, and grandfather of Ethel and
Ste-wart' Seger, a native of Scotland, aged
69 years., -.. '
1 ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Wednesday); -at -10:30 clock, at his
late residence, 1125 Leavenworth street. In-
terment private. . . . \
BULLIVAN— In this city, September 17, 1901,
William T., beloved son of John and the late
Catherine Sullivan, and • -_ dearly beloved
brother of ..James, "John, George, Joseph,
Mamie, Maggie, Nellie' and Nora . Sullivan
" and Mrs. Jamea Terrell, a' native? of ,43an
Francisco, aged -31 years. - : .* ! . .
E^Friends and acquaintnnces are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30. o'clock. . from .his late
- residence, 1290 Folsom street, thence to St.
.'Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment' Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ' '•¦ - - '•>'.. : :'
THE officers and members . of the Draymen's
and Teamsters'. Union will assemble at B'nal
.' B'rlth Hall . to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:30
• o'clock, • to attend ' the ¦ funeral . of our late
> brother, William Sullivan. By order of . "
D. W. KEATING. President
VALENTINE^-In this city, September 17. 1901,
Bernadette, beloved daughter of John B. and
'Elizabeth Valentine. • a native of 'San Fran-
cisco. wed 10 month* ..,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABXY ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
DiwasM, I-ost Alitnnood. Debility or
divase wearing on body and mind anil
Skin Diseases. The Doc tor cures w lisa
others fait. Try him. Charges low.
• 'urn cnaranlrrd. Cullorwhu,
I>r. JT. X*. MlBBOJi. U*n Francisco. Cab _ - •WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER IS.
BIG LOG RAFT THAT ARRIVED FROM THE COLUMBIA RIVER YES
TERDAY IN TOW OF THE TUGS TATOOSH AND RICHARD HOL
YOKE. AND IS ALMOST INTACT. ( •
stmr Iaqua. for San Diego; stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Salled Sept 17-Stmr Alliance, for
Eureka: Br ship Hilston, for Queenstown.
NOTE — In the above , exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign, precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Moveinents.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Aller,
from Genoa. .
Sailed Sent 17— Stmr^Celtlc, for Liverpool;
stmr Lahn, for Bremen.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Sept 11-Stnir Adato,
from Portland, Or, via Ladysmith, B C.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New York, for Naples and Genoa
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Kal
serin Maria Theresa, from Nervia, via Cher
bours. for Bremen. ¦
HAMBURG— Sailed Sept 17-Stmr Northwest
ern, for Chicago. . . , -
-BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg 1 , for New York. - -
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Corinthian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool. ' . .
BROWHEAD— Passed in Sept 17— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sent 17— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦ ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Seat 13— Br barK
Cotes worth, , from Callao; Ger bark Placila,
from Caleta Buena.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 15— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Auz 8. .
Sailed Aug- 31— Ger stmr Elba, for Portland.
HONGKONG— Sailed Sent 17— Jap stmr
America Maru, for San Francisco.
ANTOFAGASTA— In port Aug: 2t— Br ship
Milverton, for Tacoma.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Sept 17— Stmr So
noma, hence Aue 22.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Aus 15— Chll stmr
Tucapel, hence July 6.
Sailed Sent 1 — Ger stmr Ammon, for Ham
burg.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Auk 17— Dutch
ship Nederland, for San Francisco.
! TABLE BAY— Sailed July 22— Br ship Win
Mitchell, for Portland, via Guam.
TALCAHUANO— Sailed Sept J-Ger ship Ne
saia, for Portland. .
NANAIMO— Sailed Sept 16— Nor 6tmr Tita
nia, for San Francisco.
CALLAO — Arrived Sept 12 — Schr Carrier
Dove, from Port Blakeley. •
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Rob
ert- Dollar, for Whatcom.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Dolphin, for
Skaguay,. Sept 17— Stmr Dirigo, for Skagnay;
stmr Centennial, for Nome; Jap stmr Tosa
Maru, for Yokohama.
UMPQUA— Arrived Sept 13— Schrs Lucy and
Louise, from San- Pedro. - .......
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 17— Bktn Portland,
from Redondo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 17— Ship
St Nicholas, -from Honolulu.
Sailed Sent 17— Schr Defender, for Hllo.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed SeDt lfr-Bktn
Willie R Hume, for Callao.
Arrived Sect 16— Schr Peerless, from Santa
Rosalia. ¦ .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 15— Schr Sadie, for
Tacoma. . . .. ..{. . -' ..... .¦ .
The Market street stock is divided Into
186,170 shares, the par value of which is
$18,617,000. The stock Is owned by about
500 people, but the controlling interests
are in the hands of the Crockers, Hunt
lugtons and Hellmans. Alvlnza Hayward
and Mrs. Parrott also own large blocks
of the valuable property.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Sept 17— Br stmr Mil
ton, hence Sept 12, for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 17— Bktn
Gleaner, from Klhel.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Sect 17— Bark Pal
myra, for' Iquiqu*. •
The Baltimore syndicate, which was
represented by R. G. .Hanford, G. R.
Webb and J. T. Blackwell, is a corpora
tion that is amply able to carry out any
deal It considers advisable. Some time
ago it purchased the San Mateo electric
line and at that time it also attempted to
acquire the Oakland and Hay wards line
and five other lines in San Jose, intend
ing to form a company which would prac
tically, control all the suburban travel of
San Francisco, San Jose and Oakland.
The deal fell through for the same reason
that the purchase of the Market and Sut
ter street properties was not consummated
—the price was too high.
It was shortly after the purchase of the
San Mateo line that the first steps to
ward the acquirement of the Market and
feutter street lines were taken. The Bal
timore people paid for an option on tha
Sutter-street road, including the Sutro
line, and offered $75,000 for a sixty-day op
tion on the Market-street system. This
was considered too small a sum by the
Huntlngton and Hellman people and ne
gotiations were allowed to drift along
without any coin being put up and with
out anything definite being accomplished.
Finally the Baltimore people asked that
a figure be quoted to them as the price
at which they could acquire the Market
street lines. The answer was a sum that
they considered altogether too high and
they reluctantly brought the whole mat
ter to a close.
As the purchase of the Sutter street
and the Sutro lines was contingent upon
the Baltimore capitalists being able to
swing the Market-street deal, that is also
off and, for the time at least, no Eastern
capital will be invested in San Francisco
street railways.-
The big deal for the purchase of the
Market-street railway system which has
been blowing hot and cold for. the past
two or three months is off. The Balti
more syndicate which was negotiating the
purchase of the property, and the Sutter
street road as well, has come to the con
clusion,that the price asked is too much
and has discontinued its overtures; ¦
After Putting Up Big Option
Money the Magnates "Will
Not Invest.
Eastern Syndicate Drops
Deal for Street Rail
way Lines. .
PURCHASE PRICE
UNSATISFACTORY
The first of the free lectures by the Uni
versity of California was given last even-
Ing bv Francis Melbourne Green, B. L.,
In the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association. The lecture was
well attended and was an intellectual
treat to the highly appreciative audience
that attended. Mr. Green Is an enthusi
ast In art and much en rapport with his
subject and carried his audience along
from the Grecian art to that of the pres
ent day, enlivening what was at- times
necessarily very technical, with spirited
sallies of keen wit. The lecturer divided
the schools into the two grand divisions
of realism and idealism and illustrated his
remarks with beautiful stereoptlcon views.
Jacob Voorsanger, D.D., professor of
Semitic languages and literature, will de
liver the first of a series of six lectures
on "The Literary History of the Old
Testament" at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute to-night. Admission will be free, as
It Is to all these lectures.
Free University Course Lectures.
Roanoke Rye. Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret it. •
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 17, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon bf the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., ¦ Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
will arrive from the Columbia River to
day. Monday next she will leave, with the
members of the Naval Reserve on a prac-
Uaval Reserves to Practice.
The San Bias of the Mall Company's
line made a good run from Panama. . She
only brought eight cabin passengers and
twelve in the steerage. All told, her car
go was less than 400 tons. The cabin pas
sengers were F. Pearne, Mrs. H. East
wood, Juan Courtade, Charles - Periera,
Mrs. N. McDonell, Joaquin Salcido, M.
Gradwohl and Quan Joe.
The Kosmos liner Memphis arrived from
Hamburg via South and Central American
ports yesterday. She brings very little
cargo and only three, passengers from
South America, but has more than 1000
tons of general merchandise from Europe
aboard. The passengers were N. Wolf,
S. M. Cole and W. D. Lockwood.
Bias Arrive.
Kosmos Liner Memphis and. the San
STEAMSHIPS FROM SOUTH.
Prospective Teachers Examined.
The Board of Education yesterday com
pleted the oral examination of 175 appli
cants for teachers* positions. The results
will be announced before the date of hold
ing the written examination on October
5. The board Is about to close the pur
chase of the Noe Valley lot at Twenty
fourth and Douglas streets, and as soon
as the title is pronounced perfect a mod
ern schoolhouse will be built on the prop
erty.
Unhappy Couples Separated.
Thp following divorces were granted
yesterday: Rose Nervo from Bart B. Xer
vo; Flora L. Partridge from Albert Part
ridge; Emma Gilliher from William A.
Gilliher. and Alexcine Whistler from
Deorman Whistler. Kathryn Plummer
filed a suit against Alvin Plummer, alleg
ing failure to provide.
Conference of Christian Workers.
Christian workers and pastors will con
vene in the Y. M. C. A. building Friday
evening to discuss tbe importance of
mere aggressive religious work in the in
terests of young men. The principal ad
dress will be delivered by Rev. G. C. Ad
air.s. The conference is restricted to men
only.
Railroad Track Repairing Stopped.
The Southern Pacific Company began
repavlng Its old tracks at Twentieth and
Illinois streets yesterday afternoon; but
the work bad not gone very far when the
Board of Public "Works put a stop to it
The company had neglected to obtain the
necessary permit for the work.
It is the intention to grade the streets
in that vicinity 'and the board desires to
have everything in proper shape before
the permanent tracks are laid. Commis
sioner Maguire says tnat conslderab'e
trouble has been had over the crossing
named, and it is proposed to arrange
matters so as to give the Santa Fe Rail
road the right of way, as it has already
secured a franchise.
Frank B. Lown, executor of the estate
of Mary E. Stanford, who died April 30.
1900, in Essex, New Jersey, filed a com
plaint yesterday in which he alleges that
Jerome B. Stanford appropriated for his
own use $51,750 wh;ch the plaintiff turned
over to him between February 1. 1S99 and
February 1, 1900, to invest fof the benefit
of Mary E. Stanford.'
Lown states in his complaint that he
has made a demand upon Stanford for
the money, but that the defendant has
failed and revised to account for the
money, and that at no time has he ac
counted to the plaintiff or Mary E. Stan
ford for the sum entrusted to him.
Lown, who is a resident of Xew York is
represented by Rogers, Paterson & Slack.
Against Jerome B. Stan
ford.
Frank B. Lown Files a Complaint
EXECUTOR OF AN ESTATE
SUES FOB LARGE AMOUNT
big log raft finally made port
I yesterday. It is nearly a year
I since the construction of it began,
11 and at one time it looked as if It
would be 1902 before it reached
San Francisco. It took eight months to
build and $30,000 was paid out in wages
alone during Its construction. The chains
that bind the logs together weigh seventy
tons and are worth $600"). There are be
tween 7000 and SOOO piles in the raft, rep
resenting at least seven cargoes of 1.000,
000 feet each, and in length it is more
than an average San Francisco block. The
huge mass of lumber is 625 feet long, 60
feet broad and 32 feet deep. It draws 24
feet, and on that account came near re
maining in the Columbia River.
- The builders figured that the raft would
not draw more than twenty feet, and
when an attempt was made to get it
away from Westport last July the tow
boat companies found it was drawing too
much water. Passing out the raft struck
on the bar and for nearly a month navi
gation was stopped. Finally it was 'got
back into the harbor and the bar was
dredged.
On September 6 the raft reached Asto
ria, and just as It was passing out the
news reached the captains of the Tatoosh
and Richard Holyoke that President Mc-
Kinley had been assassinated. All on
board both vessels thought the President
dead, and the flags have been at half mast
ever since they crossed out over the Co
lumbia River bar. It was a drifting
match all the way down the coast. Some
times the tugs would be ahead, but more
often the raft was broadside on and the
tugboats were doing their best to hold
it up to the wind. A gale came up on the
evening of September 7 and it blew hard
from the northwest right up to Sunday
night. The tugs had nothing to do but
hold on and let the raft drift. In conse
quence both the Holyoke and Tatoosh
were well supplied with coal when port
was made Monday night.
During the run down the coast the raft
did not lose half a dozen piles. It was In
perfect order yesterday, and the tugs
Monarch, Sea King and Sea Prince found
no difficulty In getting it to a safe anchor
age in Mission Bay. It will be broken up
at once and the majority of the piles sent
to Oakland.
"As far as the Pacific Coast Is concern
ed, everybody who has it within his in
fluence or power is anxious to give us
what we want. As soon as Fessenden
perfects a few improvements in the orig
inal Marconi apparatus we will get the
first set and experiment at once. In fact,
Fessenden has already made these im
provements for all practical purposes.
"To show you how successful a means
of signaling wireless telegraphy has dem
onstrated itself to be I have records of
signals transmitted from Washington to
a point on the Potomac, at least fifty
miles distant. The Government has ap
propriated money for experimenting, but
in December another appropriation will
certainly be forthcoming for the installa
tion of the wireless telegraphy instru
ments for working purposes. The sound
may get them before we do on account of
the absolute necessity of some such im
proved signal system for those waters."
Besides the establishment of a Marconi
plant McAdie has secured for this city
and near-by coast points the promise of
an appropriation for signal towers at
Point Lobos, Point Reyes and the Faral
lones. This will make it far easier to sig
nal storm warnings by means of flags and
lanterns.
"I visited the stations along the lakes,"
said Mr. McAdie yesterday, "and every
thing is in readiness for the installation
of the Marconi system in that section.
When things are in better shape the Mar
coni apparatus will be put in use. It is
only a matter of a few months. I did not
go to Nantucket, where Professor Regi
nald Fessenden is in charge experiment
ing and operating the Marconi apparatus
I was busy In another direction, but 1
learned all about his work.
While in the East Mr. McAdie attended
the weather forecasters' convention at
Milwaukee and returns full of ideas for
the improvement of the local station.
Professor A, G. McAdie, weather fore
caster and chief of the coast bureau, re
turned yesterday morning after an official
Eastern trip of some weeks' duration.
Mr. McAdie brings good news, and if his
predictions In regard to the establishment
of the Marconi system of wireless teleg
raphy are realized, within three months
San Francisco will enjoy the benefits of
this means of communication between
Point Lobos and the Farallon Islands.
The General Disposition Is to Help
the Pacific Coast to
Secure a Complete
Plant.
Within Three Months Mar
coni System Will Be in
Operation Here.
McAdie, Back From Trip
to the East, Gives
Good News.
TO INSTALL
WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
r NOTE — The high and low . waters occur at
therclty front -, (Mission-street wharf), about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point,
United States Coast . and Geodetic Survey-
Times and f Heights, of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco r, Bay." i Published by of flcial au
'.thorlty of the Superintendent. .. . *™ •.
Sun, Iffioon and .Tide.
Tuesday, September 17. ¦
Stmr National City, Dettmers. 16 hours from,
Fort Brasg.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 13 hours from Eureka
Stmr. San Bias, Cattarlnich, . 25 days from
Panama, etc. . ' .
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, — • hours from
Moss Landing. -
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning, S9 hours from Ta-'
coma • ¦ - 1 " ,' '
Stmr Scotia, .Walvlff, .22 hours from R0ck->
port. ¦: ¦ '¦ • ¦ ¦¦ ..... . . j
Ger stmr Memphis, Jansen, 102 days from
Hamburg, via Guatemala 16 days. ¦
Tug Tatoosh and tue Richard - Holyoke, ' 10
days from Astoria, with log raft in tow. '
, Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 35 hours from
Ventura, , . - . . . ..; ' ' ¦ : ' ' '.
. Schr Gem, Johnson, 22 days from Bristol:
Bay. ' • ¦ ;• ' *
' . ¦ : . cleared: . . •¦ .¦ ¦¦¦
. Tuesday, September 17. '
Stmr Valencia, Lane, Oyster Harbor; Pacific
Packinr & Nav Co.
Br stmr -Wellington.' Salmond, Oyster Har-.
bor; R Dunsmulr's Sons Co. •
SAILED.
. Tuesday, September 17.
Stmr Oeo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura,''. '.'¦¦
. Stmr Sajita Cruz, Hinkle. southern coast. >
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. ¦
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Oyster -Harbor. -
TELEGRAPHIC. . ..' ~
POINT LOBOS, Sept 17, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.; '
.^.DOMESTIC : PORTS. ., ..', . >
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 17— Schr La GIronde,
from Santa Barbara. . ; -...¦¦
Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Ruth, for San; Pedro;
¦ ' . '¦ -¦-."'.--
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Charmer will load coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu; the Mohican, coal at Oyster Har
bor for Honolulu ; the Edward May, coal at
Oyster Harbor for Kahulut ; the John Currier
lumber on Puget Sound for Cape Town, 72s
Cd, chartered prior to arrival.
Charters.
J. Daily, secretary of the Merchants'
Exchange, is away on a vacation. He will
be gone about two weeks, and in ' the
meantime his place is filled by A. Marks.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa will be due from Honolulu this
morning. She was to have gone into re
tirement for an overhauling, but the Ala
medais not ready, to take her place, so
the Mariposa will make one more run
The transport Grant • with General
James Smith aboard is now out eighteen
days from Nagasaki. As she has not
been in the drydock for three voyages,
her hull is very foul and she is In conse
quence not fully due until this afternoon.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Gem arrived from Bristol
Bay yesterday. She brought down 220 bar
rels of salmon. " t
Captain Graham has a host of friends
in this port, and they will all be glad to
hear of the magnificent showing made by
the vessel. ; From Batavia the Phelps will
go to Australia and thence to San Fran
cisco. . ' i
The American, ship Erskine M. : Phelps
has made one of the most ¦wonderful runs
in the history of American shipping. Dur
ing the voyage from New York to Anjer
Head she averaged 250. knots a day for
twenty-six days. The best, run was 303
knots and the poorest-200 knots during the
twenty-four hours.
Makes a World's Record.
tice cruise that will last a week. ' It was
originally the intention to pick up the men
of the Eureka contingent on the way
down, but a week was wasted off the Co
lumbia River owing to a breaking bar.
The Oregon boys were kept out a fort
night In consequence and a week has been
lost out of the itinerary. After taking
out the San Francisco boys the Philadel
phia will go to San Diego and take out
the company stationed there.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1901.
BIG RAFT IS TOWED INTO PORT
AFTER LONG JOURNEY FROM SOUND
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
12
Steamer.
From.
Duo.
Rainier
Crescent City.-.
Mariposa
Wyefleld
Umatilla
Santa Rosa....
Kureka
Pleiades..
Nippon Maru.
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Tltanla
Hyades
Arcata..
Bonlta.. .......
Corona ~;
Colombia
Tucapel........
Sierra
Progreso
Femora
City of Puebla.
City of Sydney
Seattle & N. Whatcom.jSept. 18
Crescent City |Sept. 18
Honolulu .: iSept. 13
Oyster Harbor |Sept. IS
Puget Sound Ports Sapt. 19
San Diej?o & Way Pts. Sept. 1?
Humboldt Sept. 19
Seattle Sept. 1 19
China and Japan Sept. 20
Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena Sept. 2ft
Nanalmo Sept. 20
Tacoma :. Sept. 20
Cooa Bay Sept. 21
Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 21
Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Tacoma ¦...., "...JSept: 23
Humboldt "Ail |Sept. 23
Puget Sound Ports I Sept. 24
Panama & Way Ports. (Sept. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Corona .".
"Walla Walla.
Newport......
Australia
Pomona
North Fork..
Czarina.......
Doric.........
Kureka.
Mariposa
September 18. *
Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pter 9
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
September 10.
Tahiti direct........ 10 am Pier 7
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
September 2O. ••- »«
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
September 21. ¦ .
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
September 22.
Coos Bay . ...12 m Pier 13
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 23.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Portland & Astoria II am Pier 24
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 24.
Seattle &N. What 5 pm Pier 2
September 27.
China & Japan 1 pm PUSS
Arcata. :......
Santa Rosa..
Umatilla .'....
¦G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Rainier....'...' 1
Nippon Mara
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon Nome ',& Teller... Sept. 18
City of Topeka ' Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne........ Nome direct Sept. 20
Ccttage City... Skaguay &• Way Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt.C... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Excelsior...... Cooks Inlet & -Way.. Sept. 23
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller...... Sept. 28
un rises 5:33
>un sets 8:14
loon sets 9:21 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L.W HW LW
iT~.. 3:35 4,0 8:10 2.S 2:36 5.0 9:30 0.8
19 .. 4:39 3.9 - 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9 10:25 0.8
!0 .. 6:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 4:05 4.8 11:26 0.8
!1 .. 6:48 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:09 4.8
L W H W L W H W
!2 v 0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 3.0 6:18 4.8
!3 ... 1:12 0.6 8:20 4.7 1:30.2.6 7:24 5.0
!4 ... 2:01 0.5 8:5S 5.0 2:20 2.1 8:24 5.1
un rises 5:33
>un sets 8:14
loon sets 9:21 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L.W HW LW
iT~.. 3:35 4,0 8:10 2.S 2:36 5.0 9:30 0.8
19 .. 4:39 3.9 - 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9 10:25 0.8
!0 .. 6:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 4:05 4.8 11:26 0.8
!1 .. 6:48 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:09 4.8
L W H W L W H W
!2 v 0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 3.0 6:18 4.8
!3 ... 1:12 0.6 8:20 4.7 1:30.2.6 7:24 5.0
!4 ... 2:01 0.5 8:5S 5.0 2:20 2.1 8:24 5.1
Steamer.
From.
Duo.
Rainier
Crescent City.-.
Mariposa
Wyefleld
Umatilla
Santa Rosa....
Kureka
Pleiades..
Nippon Maru.
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Tltanla
Hyades
Arcata..
Bonlta.. .......
Corona ~;
Colombia
Tucapel........
Sierra
Progreso
Femora
City of Puebla.
City of Sydney
Seattle & N. Whatcom.jSept. 18
Crescent City |Sept. 18
Honolulu .: iSept. 13
Oyster Harbor |Sept. IS
Puget Sound Ports Sapt. 19
San Diej?o & Way Pts. Sept. 1?
Humboldt Sept. 19
Seattle Sept. 1 19
China and Japan Sept. 20
Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena Sept. 2ft
Nanalmo Sept. 20
Tacoma :. Sept. 20
Cooa Bay Sept. 21
Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 21
Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Tacoma ¦...., "...JSept: 23
Humboldt "Ail |Sept. 23
Puget Sound Ports I Sept. 24
Panama & Way Ports. (Sept. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Corona .".
"Walla Walla.
Newport......
Australia
Pomona
North Fork..
Czarina.......
Doric.........
Kureka.
Mariposa
September 18. *
Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pter 9
Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
September 10.
Tahiti direct........ 10 am Pier 7
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
September 2O. ••- »«
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
September 21. ¦ .
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
September 22.
Coos Bay . ...12 m Pier 13
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 23.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Portland & Astoria II am Pier 24
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 24.
Seattle &N. What 5 pm Pier 2
September 27.
China & Japan 1 pm PUSS
Arcata. :......
Santa Rosa..
Umatilla .'....
¦G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Rainier....'...' 1
Nippon Mara
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon Nome ',& Teller... Sept. 18
City of Topeka ' Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne........ Nome direct Sept. 20
Ccttage City... Skaguay &• Way Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt.C... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Excelsior...... Cooks Inlet & -Way.. Sept. 23
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller...... Sept. 28
•Fhona Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY. SATURDAY.
"ELGIN" CREAMERY BUTTER.
POUND 25c
DIITTrn Fancy Creamery, us- *>7| «
uU Ifcn ual Biz e s^a" A I Ifi
uu I I ui I ChoJce of £ randa Re _ U 1 2U
celved direct dally.
BEST CRACKERS. 10-POUNI> BOX '
WORCESTERSHIRE | :r- m p
genuine. Bottle • ¦ 2"
Made and bottled In England. Usually 23c.
"PURITY" BAKING POWDER. LARGE
OniD Swl£t ' 3 Cream Laundry, inr.
OUAn" 11 Pound bars 9nfi
wwni Equals 9 bars Babbitts. 4UU
Box $2.40.
GINGER OR GRAHAM "WAFERS./ k
POUND lOc. -^
CADMUC? Imported, boneless. 17, M
SARDINES %atgffi&i I74C
Club. Usual 23c.
FELS-NAPTHA SOAP, 10c BARS 5c.
U/UIC^CV "Horseshoe" Bour-nO*
WHIuKEY sffioSriasjsa-siBBc.
quor. Sample at store. Usually $1.50.
HOLLAND GIN, « BOTTLE 65c-
llfllirO Port or Sherry, "Astl"nr.
W fifco V1 "eyard. Gallon hhfi
gallons limit. Usual $1.
MASON JARS, DOZEN 64c
CUP ID Spreckels* Best Cane. 01 (\f\
MJGAR 51.00
rccm for dispute.
SATURDAY NIGHT AFTER 6 O'CLOCK:
MACARONI. "Short Cut," 4 lbs 25c-
Mrs. Faber's CHILI SAUCE. 15c-25c
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA, 1b 25c
T3IJTTCXIl7QyO R BARBERS. BAK-
XJxlU OXlX2dO*rs. bootblacks, bath'
houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, - candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe, factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DIRECTORS
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prleo Lists Mailed
•; >/,*•: on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co., late Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. 1S32). 409 Market st. ; uoon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PKJ IRO.t.
J f WIT SOV & C(\ Battery Street.
J- \f TTIL3UH g tU., Telephone Main 1M*.
5 FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS&Cfl Shlppin.5 .Butchers. 10*
JA3- HUICJttVU- clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EIXI3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phona Main 171*.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
PAINTERS AND DECORATOPS.
Jf POM 1 INF M0 OOLD3N GATE AVB.
• L nUJUAinC. Telephonn Howard 1913?
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles* and Children's Hose 5c a pair:
Ladles' Linen Skirts. 33c; Men's Fins Dress
Shirts, worth $1. for Me. at 1C6 Fifth street. .
PRINTINO. '
F f HITfiHFS PIUNTER.
E- U I1UUI1C3. BU sansome stT. 3. y.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. *
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. ¦ .
83 First street. San Fraaclac^
weeHy Call $1.00 perYeaF
We will display on MONDAY, September
I6!h, an attractive collection of NOVELTY
SILKS and all the new weaves and color-
ings in DRESS GOODS
FOR FALL, I90L
DRESSt FABRICS.
Silk and Wool Crepe de Paris, Crepe Poue-
line, Gloria Crepes, Silk and Wool Sub-
lime, Voile, ¦ Crepe de Chene, Satin Vene-
tians, Unfinished Worsteds, Zlhelines,
Crepe Albatross, Pebble CheviotSj Pru-
, nellas and all the new shades in French
Henriettas.
SILKS.
New Persian Taffetas with satin stripes,
medium dark colorings, 1 two-toned extra
heavu Fancu Armures, 1 White Ground
Duchesse Satin in Dresden warp print
: effects; White Ground Taffetas with col-
ored satin strips and Dresden warp print
effects? Roman Stripe Taffetas in Red,
Blue, Black, Pink and White Grounds?
also the best makes of Black and Colored
Taffeta Silks, both imported and domestic.
SPECIAL.
We have just received from FRANCE a
veru large shipment of Battenberg Scarfs,
Sguares, Shams, Center Pieces and Tidies?
also from GERMANY one case Hemstitched
Linen Goods In Doulies, Napkins, Tea
Cloths, Scarfs and Sauares, which will
be on exhibition in our show windows
Mondau and Tuesdau of this week.
ill. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET'.
Bet/ Taylor and 'Jone3.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
BAlUN&IWDEEt
Imparts that peculiar lightness,, sweetness,
and flavor noticed in the finest cake, short
cake, biscuit, rolls, crusts, etc. , "which ex-
pert pastry cooks declare is unobtainable
by the use of any other leavening agent.
/Pure/ healthful, highest in strength*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. 100 WILLIAM ST., NCW YORK.
OVtRSKIKT SPECIAL.
Will sell- to-day- a good $4.50 quality
Woman s Flared . Dress Skirt, inside
. seams, bound and tailored; - in Grays
¦Oxfords /and Blue; all CO £\f\
lengths. Sale price......... QOiUU
We have a lot of od da and ends left over
\ from last Tuesday's sale. Will give you
your choice of lot. to-dayrat , <JJ I -O^
; , Worth from':' $2. 50 to* $4.00
. WE CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK.
WOMEN'S BLACK /AND ' WHITES
STRIPED accordeon plaited UNDER-
SKIRTS, made of Italian Cloth. Regu-
lar price $1.50. Our -.price (\Gr-
to-day OOv
WOMEN'S ALL WOOL FRENCH FLAN-
NEL WAISTS, lined, throughout, tucked
front and back, $2.50 qual- «C 1 PZf\
ity. -On sale , «pl»Ovf
CHILDREN'S- FLANNEL UNDER-
, SKIRTS, all colors, neatly embroidered,,
sold elsewhere 63c. 11 - Our price j±f\(\
CHILDREN'S FULL LENGTH, FALL
JV EIGHT, ALL WOOL COATS, come in
Red and Blue. • Very latest winter
style. .Regular, value '$3.75. fl> Q APZ
Our. price to-day. . . . . . . .". «J> X •fl O
WOMEN'S HEMSTITCHED UMBRELLA
a DRAW ERS, good cambric. Our OO/->
'35c quality. On; sale... £¦&**
WOMEN'S' OPEN EFFECT' LACE HOSE.
In new shades of Red or Black. «| Sold
m elsewhere 35c. Our price to- O<Th/—
day ...;........;.......; j£,\J\*
All colors and sizes.
WOMEN'S FLANNEL NIGHTl A£\f
GOWNS on sale at.. • £ t\JC
Worth 75c. •
Which our New York buyer bought by
chance. We marked them at a small
advance and place them on sale to-day.
They're made of good Taffeta SllK-and
made up In the very latest fall style.
Considered cheap at $5.50. Until sold
!!^^.^;::;-::::::::: $3.50
ANOTHER SILK WAIST SNAP
WRAPPERS made of good Flannellette,
flounced bottom, ruffles over shoulders,
braid trimming; medium and dark
shades;, good $1.00 value. Sale /JQr,
price ; \)%yC
To-day we're selling our regular $1.50
, FLANNEL WRAPPERS at OQ/->
Our $2.00 FLANNEL WRAP- (f| st Q
PERS at. «I>l»^rO
Our. $3.50 FRENCH FLANNEL WRAP-
PERS, an entire new style, trimmed
with Black Velvet Ribbon. d>| OW
-On sale at : . «4>lot/0
PERCALE. WRAPPERS, flounced hottomj
dark colors, good $1.00 value, sizes of
wrappers on eale. 32 to 46.- On (£*?£>
ON SALE »O=DAY:
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS.
BS . IN MEMORY OF OUR BELOVED M
tri PRESIDENT, OUR STORE WILL B
1 ?gu^g A Y CL ° SED ALL DAY J
ADVEETISEMENTS. '-¦
are more M ' i * !
prevalent than ' Y
most people
suppose. In fS"G»
many cases the ' t«p j£
eyes are se- ' •:<< 'C^».-J&
riously defec- JpiliaS
tive without it jfvJl^C& >
- being known. _ vH^O^lbi^ 1
Hence, if you " J$S>i£j*&£X
experience the >©v sTHL-3fiff
least trouble tK^ aS&Is?»
you will find 3 /-, Jy \?.')xl
that a pair of »V /*/->. •
our glasses '(_¦/<>?"*•
will remedy it - Cf^ 1 v> -
and make your ¦¦\i^5^%i (l^
sight all that *«$& <ciSrtt
you desire. ' ¦ —¦•» £