VOLUME XCL— NO 24.
WOMAN IS KILLED AND MANY ARE INJURED
IN WRECK ON THE FILLMORE-STREET LINE
ARBITRATION
UNLIKELY TO
PREVENT WAR
Relations of Argentina
and Chile Seriously
Strained.
Reference of Dispute to Great
Britain Merely Delays
Hostilities.
Secretary of State Hay Is Using His
Influence With the Disturbed
Republics on the Side of
Peace.
Special Dlssatch, to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Chile may
follow Argentina's example and refer the
controversy between them to the King of
England for arbitration. Even should this
action be taken, however, the relations
of the two countries are 6O strained that
. the authorities do not believe that war
can be averted.
The feeling in both countries is running
high and the slightest incident may pro
voke hostilities. The conditions existing
in South America are well known to Sec
retary Hay, who has received advices
from American Ministers at Santiago and
Buenos Ayres and who was in conference
to-day with Minister Merou, representing
Argentina, and Infante, the Chilean Charge
d'Affaires. Minister Wilson at Santiago
wired Secretary Hay to-day that he still
hopes that peace will prevail. Both dip
lomatic representatives of the South
American republics in Washington pub
licly insist that hostilities will be avoided.
At the same time it is known that their
Governments are making extensive prep- t
arations for war and are ready to strike :
the moment they believe action Is im- j
perative.
Say Works for Peace.
It was stated at the State Department j
to-day that no representations involving
action by the United States were made
to-day to Secretary Hay. The Secretary
is using: his Influence, however, on the
side of peace and is prepared to take any
action compatible with the dignity and
interests of this country to effect a peace
ful settlement of the trouble.
The authorities are hopeful that the
reference of the controversy to the King j
of England will result in the maintenance ,
of peace, but it is feared that Chile will !
be incensed over the arbitrary action of
Argentina and will hesitate to follow her
example.
Great Britain Is Anxious.
LONDON, Dec. 23. — The British Govern
ment is watching the progress of the dis
pute between the Chilean and Argentine
governments with much anxiety. It was
said to-day that neither side has yet ap
proached the British Foreign Office. If
both Chile and Argentina request Great
Britain to arbitrate the matters in dis
pute between them Lord Lansdowne, the
Foreign Secretary, will promptly ac-
Quiesce.
The statement of Dr. Alcorta. the Ar
gentine Minister of Foreign Affairs, that
Argentina has referred the matter to the
arbitration of the British Government
under the agreement of 1S08, appears to
be inaccurate, for the Foreign Office says
the present contention is quite beyond the
powers of that commission. As the For
eign Office understands the case it is not
one relative to the boundary between the
two countries, but whether Chile has the
right to build neutral roads in the dis
puted territory. This commission, of
■which Lord MacNaughton is president,
has been sitting In London for nearly two
years and is now almost ready to go and
personally inspect the disputed bound
aries. For various reasons, iiowever, the
departure of this " commission has been
delayed and is likely to be delayed for
eome time to tome.
The appeal of Dr. Alcorta has not yet
been officially communicated to the Brit
ish Foreign Office
1 Public War Spirit.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 23.— The pa
triotic demonstrations growing out of the
possibility of war with Chile were renewed
here to-day. The Chilean Minister here,
Senor Concha Subercaseaux, has not re
ceived any instructions in regard to the
course he Is to pursue.
It Is estimated that the maintenance of
-the army, which will be moHilized by Feb
ruary 5. will involve an annual expense of
C5.000.000 piasters. About 8000 men have
already signed the rolls of the Uruguayan
Volunteer Legion.
A dispatch from Santiago says Presi
dent Riesco has declared that the recall
of the Argentine Minister, Senor Portel,
from that place cannot have any serious
consequences, adding that the Minister in
returning to Argentina Is taking advan
tage of a leave of absence which has
bekn granted him by his Government.
President Riesco continues confident
that the negotiations in progress will
ehortly result in a pacific solution ct the
problem now engrossing the attention of
*he statesmen of Argentina and Chile.
Colonel Pablo Riccherl, the Minister of
War, has Informed President Roca that
he has a\-allable GOO locomotives and 4300
cars, and that on forty-eight hours' no
tice h« can transport 80,000 men to the
frontier..
The San Francisco Call.
CAR BREAKS AWAY AT BROADWAY AND DASHES DOWN HILL
AT TERRIFIC PAGE, COLLIDING WITH CAR AT GREEN STREET
Two-Thirds of the Passengers Who Are Aboard Suffer Broken
Bones or Lacerated Wounds as the Result of the Awful Trip
on the Runaway Down the Precipitous and Dangerous Incline
A FILLMORE street electric car
failed to make proper connec
tions with the. complicated
gravity apparatus at the top
of the steep grade between
Broadway and Green street
last night, shortly after 7
o'clock, and speeding down the hill
crashed into a car at the bottom of
the grade, and brought death to one wo
man and serious injury to a half score of
passengers. The accident was one of the
most serious street car fatalities that has
decurred in the city for some years.
Miss Mary Phelan, a servant girl in the
employ of Edward Litchenberg, 2520
Green street, was the only passenger on
the car that made the mad dash down
the hill that succumbed to her injuries.
She received injuries to- her skull and
body that caused her death shortly after
being removed to the Railroad Hospital
at the corner of Fourteenth and Mission
streets. Mary Kelly, also a servant
girl in Mr. Lltchenberg's employ, was
badly Injured. Mrs. M. K. Mansie also
sustained Injuries that may result fatal
ly. Fully ten or fifteen other passengers
whose names could not be learned were
more or less Injured by flying glass and
splinters and the terrible shock!.
Whether or not. the accident was due
to criminal negligence on the part of the ■
crew of car No. 757, which dashed down
the hill, will not be known until after an
Investigation has been made by the offi
cials. The most likely theory is that both
the crew and the gravity apparatus which
lets the cars up and down the hill were
at fault. A sllcht accident at the corner
of California and Fillnrore streets about
7 o'clock in the evening threw the running
schedule of the Fillmore street line out
of kilter and unfortunately when the run
away car arrived at the top of the hill
there was no car there to take the pas
sengers.
Car Slips Hold on Track.
There were two cars at the bottom of
the hill at Green and Fillmore streets,
one on ■ the opposite track ■ waiting; to be
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
hauled up by the down-coming car and
another at the switch at that point be
tween the two tracks. The car at the
top of the hill had about fifteen pas
sengers aboard. The conductor got out
of the car and started to hook up the
gravity apparatus which lets the car
down the hill at a moderate, rate of speed,
when the car suddenly slipped its hold
on the track and started on its wild run
down toward Union street, three blocks
below. .../... .
MISS MARY PHELAN, domestic in the employ of Edward Lichtenberg, 2520 Green street-
Taken to Railroad Hospital. Died from fracture of skull. .
MRS. M. K. MANSIE, wife of William Man
sie — Resides at 3111 Pierce street. Foot crushed and
scalp wounds. Taken to Railroad Hospital. Will
recover. .
MRS. MARY KELLY, domestic in the employ of
Edward Lichtenberg — Taken to St. Mary's Hos
pital. Contusions and suffering from shock.
Slightly injured.
ROBERT KELLER,* 2901 Lombard street-
Sprain of right thumb and contusions of knee.
Taken to his home.
ROBERT RODGERS, resides corner of Beach
and Devisadero— Cut over eye and contusions.
The crews of the two cars at the bottom
of the hill saw the runaway car start on
Its wild run' and they yelled to the pas
sengers of their cars to flee for their
lives. The men, women and children in
the cars at the bottom of the grade had
time to hie themselves to places of safety,
but the people aboard the runaway car
did not even have a chance to lump for
their lives. The car raced swiftly,
down the hill and at Green street* it,
dashed with mighty force into the car on
the switch, throwing it from the track
as if it were. a cigar box and completely
smashing in its left side. Then the run
away, with its load of human freight,
left the track and pounded over the cob
blestones at a terrible rate of speed until
it collided with a telegraph pole just
above Union street. All of the passengers
on the outside who were not thrown from
the car when it collided with the one on
the switch were pitched with violent force
into the street, and those on the inside
were horribly bruised and mangled
THE DEAD:
THE INJURED:
Taken to his home. £*?£*
MISS JOSEPHINE BIGLETT, resides at 719.
Fillmore street— Contused cut over forehead and
bruises on back of head. Taken to her home.
MR. TURNER, resides on Valle jo street, near
Fillmore — Contusions and shock. Taken to his
home.
MRS. O'CONNOR, address unknown— Injuries
very slight.
A. J. DATJTCHMAN, motorman on runaway
car— Slightly hurt. ,.
ROY PHELPS, conductor on runaway car— In- i
against the'sldes of the car. Flying glass |
and splinters , contributed to their hurts,
and few there were of the. passengers
who were not injured in some way or
other. The grlpman and motorman of the
car that was : knocked off the switch were
unscathed, but the grlpman who had
charge of the runaway car was cut and
bruised in the wreck. . i ;• r
Aid Injured and Dying.
, As soon as ; the runaway was stopped in
its flight by the telegraph pole a score of
RUNAWAY ELECTRIC CAR DASHING DOWN THE FILLMORE-STREET
r ; .HILL, DIAGRAM SHOWING HOW THE FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT OC
CURRED AND SCENES ATTENDING REMOVAL OF THE INJURED
Cause of the Disaster Is Unexplained, the
Officjaj§g)Mie Road Absolutely Re
fusingfrSay Anything About the Affair
people "who live in the neighborhood
where the accident occurred lent willing
hands to aid the injured and the dying.
From the front part of the .splintered
wreck the bleeding and unconscious vic
tims were extricated. Those that were
sitting on the back part of the car were
not so badly injured as to need assistance
and they turned to and aided the more
unfortunate passengers. . ". ~ ' •' --" .
Torn and bleeding victims of the smash
up were hurried into neighboring dwell
ings and drug stores, where they were
given hasty medical attention until the
ambulances and patrol wagons arrived to
remove them to the hospitals. The North
End police station was* notified of the
frightful accident and Sergeant Tom Ellis
and a squad of police officers were de
tailed to the scene at once. They arrived
shortly ' after the accident and rendered
commendable assistance in getting the in
jured to the hospitals.
Dr. Hennesy, one of the medical corps
of the railroad company, was in the
neighborhood when the smash-up occur
red and was one of the first physicians to
arrive on the scene. He banuaged up sev
eral of the victims and stopped the flow
of blood from many a wound that might
have proved serious had he not been on
hand. \ •
The drug store at the corner of Union
and Fillmore streets was pressed into
service. Several of the women who were
cut and bruised were taken there and
their wounds were temporarily dressed.
Physicians who lived in the neighborhood
volunteered their services and several vic
tims who were treated for ordinary flesh
and scalp wounds went away without giv
ing their names.
The runaway car was rendered useless.
The front part of the car was smashed
to splinters and the entire running gear
wrecked beyond repair.
Railroad Official Non-Committal.
Superintendent Michael D. Stein "of the
Fillmore-street line was Interviewed soon
after the accident. He was both reticent
and nervous. He stayed en the scene of
the accident for several hours and gave
the necessary orders regarding the clear
ing of the wreck.
• "Would you please inform The Call how
the accident happened?" he was asked.
"This Is a bad time to make any state
ment," he replied. "I do not want to say
anything to-night. We will have an In
vestigation to-morrow and I will then
have something to say."
■ ."Was the accident caused through the
carelessness of the street car crew or
through defective appliances?" he wa3
again asked.
"Oh, I don't know about that," he re
plied. "The motorman . has been in the
employ of the company for some time and
we have the greatest faith in him."
A number of the street car employes,
although they were very cautious in their
remarks, claimed that the street car crew
was not to blame, but that the grip tjiat
held the car was defective and' it was on
this account that the accident occurred.
As soon as the accident occurred Dr.
Walter ' B. Coffey was dispatched from
the Railroad Hospital. He responded
promptly and was soon on "the . scene of
the 'accident and made the sufferers s\s
comfortable as possible before having
them moved.
Cars Soon Run Again.
Within an hour and a half after the
accident the cars were again running' up
and down the Fillmore-street hill. The
only sign that was left of the terrible ac
cident was the runaway car, smashed
beyond all hopes of repair, standing on
the hill near Union street.' Crowds were
congregated on the hill and those who
had seen the accident or had arrived soon
after told again and again the story pf
death and buffering In trie wreck.
Miss Josephine Blgley of 719 Fillmore
street was injured in the accident. She
received a deep gash on the forehead and
also sustained severe bruises on the
back of the head. After the accident she
was taken to the residence of Walter D.
K. Gibson, 210S Broadway. At a late
hour last evening. Miss Bigley was rest
ing easily and she was considered out of
danger.
Mrs. Turner Has a Narrow Escape.
Mrs. Elizabeth Turner was one of the
few passengers aboard the runaway car
who escaped Injury. Mrs. Turner had a
narrow escape, however, for so badly was
she jarred in the collision that two dia
mond hair combs were torn out of her
hair. One of the valuable combs was
found by Policeman Geimann and re
turned to Mrs. Turner, but the other was
probably picked up by thieves, as a dili
gent search among the ruins of the car
failed to unearth the missing jewel.
As 'soon as it was learned at police
headquarters that Mary Phelan had sue-,
cumbed to her injuries Lieutenant Martin
sent* an officer out to arrest Motorman
Dautshman. He will be charged, with
manslaughter.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
POPE SEEKS
CLOSER TIES
IN AMERICA
Anxious to Have United
States Send a Rep
resentative.
Willing to Withdraw Friars
From Philippines and Make
Other Concessions.
Should All Go Right, Archbishop
Ireland or Corrigan Hay Be Ap
pointed a Cardinal of the
Curia at Rome.
Special Dissatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— Roman Catholic cir
cles in London are much interested in two
topics, one of which is the attitude of the
Vatican toward the United States and
the other the opening of the new Roman
Catholic cathedral at Westminster.
The correspondent of the Pall Mall Ga
zette . at Rome says that the circum
stance of Cuba and the Philippines fall
ing under the jurisdiction of the United
States has been seized upon by the Vati
can to push a project dear to Pope Leo.
When he came to the pontifical throne
several countries had no representatives
accredited to the Vatican. The new Pon
tiff set himself the task of changing this.
One of the powers that has always proved
obdurate Is the United States, but nov/
with Cuba and the Philippines the Catho
lic interests are so immense it s.eems that
the Washington Government is not un-_
willing to discuss the matter. The Vati
can would meet It half way, and would
even be satisfied for the moment with a
semi-official representative. In the hope
that he would eventually be turned Into
a Minister or Einbassador, as In the case
of Russia.
Will Withdraw the Friars.
The Vatican, according to the same au
thority, has given Washington to under
stand that it will gradually withdraw th*
friars from the Philippines, substituting
American clergy, and give the Manila.
Archbishopric to Americans. It will yield
to the great desire of Catholics In the
United States to have another Cardinal.
It does not wish to do this while Cardinal
Gibbons lives, but may compromise by
creating Archbishop Ireland or Archbish
op Corrigan a Cardinal of the Curia,
which means living in Rome, should all
go right.
England Is the only other great power
yet to come into line.
Cardinal Vaughan has decided to open
the new cathedral at "Westminster on
June 29, three days after the coronation.
It will be an imposing ceremony, and the
Pope will be specially represented. Lady
Vavasour has intimated that she will pre
sent a costly mosaic of the Welsh Si.
Winefriede for the interior decoration.
Pope Receives Cardinals.
The Pope to-day received the Cardinals,
•who offered him their Christmas greet
ings. The Pontiff made a lengthy ad
dress, in which he condemned what he
characterized as the excessiye liberty of
thought indulged in at the present time.
He sharply criticized socialism, agitation
for divorce and hostility between different
sections of the church, and ur^ed a union
of the Christian churches.
The church, said the Pope in the courses
of his remarks, is now confronted by dif
ficulties similar to those of earlier times.
There were attempts everywhere to make
the masses enemies of the church, tho
religious orders were subjected to all
kinds of vexatious proscriptions and laws
were being passed la open defiance of
God's eternal laws.
The Pontiff said the only means of suc
cessfully combating socialism was for
Catholics to harken to and obey the in
structions of the church.
No Representative to Vatican.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— President
Roosevelt has no intention of asking
Congress for authority to appoint a rep
resentative to the Vatican. While it ia
true that church interests in Cuba and
the Philippines are large, the administra
tion does not consider there Is any reason
to have an Embassador accredited to the
Pope. In connection with church ques
tions in dependencies representations have
been made to the President through Car
dinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland. It
is unnecessary, it is claimed, for the Pope
to appoint a representative in Washing
ton, especially to .discuss Vatican affairs
with this Government.
BYSTANDERS RECEIVE
THE DEPUTY'S BULLETS
DALHART, Tex., Dec. 23.— One man
was killed and another mortally wounded
during a fight here to-day, in which Dep
uty Sheriff John L. Sullivan and V. E.
Cammact attempted to arrest Thomas
Myers and A. L. Timmerman on a
charge of murder. When Sullivan ordered
Myers and Timmerman to surrender it la
claimed one of them attempted to draw
a revolver, when the shooting began.
Gus Beck, a bystander, was killed and
Paul Hininger, another non-participant,
was fatally wounded. Myers, one of the
men wanted, was shot in the chin. At
the Coroner's Inquest Sullivan was ex
onerated from all blame.2
LIBERALS LODT
THE COMMISSARY
Raid Is Made on the
Stores of American
Mining Company.
Upon Arrival cf the Gunboat
Marietta the Insurgents .
Again Disappear.
COLON, Dec. 23.— During the absence of
the Government soldiers the Liberals re
turned to Nombre de Dios and looted the
commissary of the Manganese Mining
Company, an American concern. They
also threatened the life of the custodian
of the stores, who was forced to surren
der his keys. The company is presenting
ii claim to the Government for damages
t-ustuined by it. On the arrival of the
United States gunboat Marietta at Xom-
Ire de Dios, and subsequently when the
Colombian gunboat General Pinzon
reached the same place with fifty soldiers
en hoard, the Liberals again disappeared.
After landing the troops at Nombre de
Dios the Pinzon proceeded to Savanilla.
Captain Foliaco, who was commander of
the Pinzon, and several of his officers re
turned to Colon yesterday on board the
Marietta and have since sailed for San
Juan de Porto Rico.
General Alban has received a cable dis
patch announcing the evacuation of Tu
maco. Some of the revolutionists left
there on board the Salvadoran steamer
Ibis and others left by land, intending to
attack Buena Ventura. A strong Govern
ment force has left Buena Ventura to
meet the revolutionists.
Alban says that if the Monroe doctrine
couid be made to provide compulsory ar
bitration to settle all disputes between
Soush American republics and European
nations, it would be accepted with enthu
siasm by all those republics.
Alban also says that President Regala
do of Salvador has not answered his cable
message regarding the steamer Ibis hav
ing- assisted the enemies of the Colombian
Government.
CITRUS GROWERS WILL
FIGHT CUJIMINGS BILL
Proposed Reduction in Tariff a Men
ace to the Orch.ard.ists of
California.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— While the
orange and lemon growers of Southern
California have been preparing to fight a
threatened disaster to their business In
the form of a proposed reciprocity treaty
with the Britisn West Indies, a new dan
ger has arisen in a bill introduced in Con
gress providing for a reduction in duties
on citrus fruits.
This bill, recently presented in the
House by Representative Cummings of
New York, has been referred to the Com
mittee on Ways and Means and ordered
to be printed. It is an amendment to the
Dingley tariff law. The tariff schedule in
this act provides that a duty of 1 cent per
pound shall be collected on Imported
oranges, lemons, limes, grape fruit, shad
' docks or pomelos. By the new bill a re
duction of S3 1-3 per cent is proposed on
oranges, while lemons are to be taxed on
the basis of bulk. IS cents per cubic foot
of capacity of box or package, which
means a reduction of more than one-half
in duty.
When informed to-day of the introduc
tion of the Cummings bill members of the
Citrus Growers' tariff committee were
greatly alarmed by the new source of dan
ger. To them was left the fight against
the reciprocity treaty ana they have been
marshaling their forces and preparing a
determined opposition to any plan to
ndmit citrus fruits grown on the islands
:U a reduction that would injure the Cali
fornia grower. The Cummings bill is
«-.ven a greater menace and already the
growers are preparing to fight the
threatened danger.
ABRAHAM DAHR0T7GE
PARDONED BY GOVERNOR
Unfortunate Syrian Claims to Have
Been the Victim of Secret
Plotters.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 23.— Governor
Nassh to-day pardoned Abraham Dah
rouge, a Syrian who was sent to prison
from Cincinnati in 1S99 for having sold
a rented typewriter.
Dahrouge tells a strange story in his
statement to the Governor. He says he
was sent to Cincinnati in 1838 by All Far-
DUgh Bey, Turkish Minister at Washing
:on, to investigate a society of his
countrymen which he asserts was organ
ized to conspire against the Turkish Gov
?rnment.
According to his story he took a traitor
unwittingly into his employ, and this
man, who also was a Syrian and a mem
be- of the society Dahrouge was sent to
investigate, secured access to secret cor
respondence between Dahrouge and Min
ister AH Farough Bey. This pretended
-riend betrayed Dahrouge to the other
members of the conspiracy and Dahrou»e
asserts that a plot to ruin him was
formed.
Marconi's Message to Edison.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Dec. 23.-Slgnor
Marccni sent the following telegram to
Thomas A. Edison this evening: "Thanks
for your very kind letter to the press.
t hope soon to show you wireless l»»leg
raphy working between the United States
and Europe. I wish you a happy Christ
mas."
Marccni will leave for Canada to-mor
row evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is a great affliction for a woman to
have her face disfigured by pimples or
any form of eruptive disease. It makes
her morbid and sensitive, and robs her
Df social enjoyment. Disfiguring erup-
tions are caused by impure blood, and
are entirely cured 'by the great blood-
purifying medicine— Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. It removes from the
blood the poisonous impurities which
cause disease. It perfectly and perman-
ently cures scrofulous sores, eczema,
tetter, boils, pimples and other eruptive
diseases which are caused by the blood's
impurity. It increases the action of
the blood-making glands and thus in-
creases the supply of pure rich blood.
■ For about one veer and a half my face wns
rcry badly broke'n out." writes Miss Carrie
Adams, of 116 West Main Street. Batt'.ecreek,
Mich. «•! spent a great deal of monev -with doc-
tors and for different kinds of medicine, but te-
ceived no benefit. At last I read one of your
advertisements in a paper, and obtained a bottle
of Dr. f-ierce's Golden' Medical Discovery. Be-
fore I had tnken one bottle of thin medicine I
no.* ; ced a change, and after taking three bottles
I was entirely cured. I can welt recommend
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery to any
oae similarly afflicted."
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little
more profit paid by the sale of less mer-
itorious medicines. He gains ; you lose.
Therefore accept no substitute for
'Golden Medical Discovery."-
The People's Common Sense Xledical
Adviser, a book containig iooS pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for expense of mailing only, for the book
in paper covers, or 31 rtamps for the vol-
ume bound in cloth. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
GOOD ACTING MAKES INFERIOR PLAY
ACCEPTABLE TO COLUMBIA AUDIENCE
Mary Mannering and Clever Support Appear in "Janice
Meredith" — The Alcazar Gives Splendid Production of
w< Charley's Aunt"— Minnie Seligman Portrays Carmen
ONE did not hope for much from
"Janice Meredith" as a play, but
as it was found last night at
the Columbia Theater even Jess- .
was received than one had ex
pected—that is, so far as the play goes.
The people are another story. Something,
however, sufficed to fill the" theater in 'a j
fashion'most agreeable to the managerial
heart — the remembered charm of ' Mary
Mannering mayhap, with the' later, inex
plicable vogue of the book itself. The
dramatization is the work of Paul Leices
ter Ford, the author, and Edward Rose,
and may be described in brief as a. noble
attempt to leave nothing of the book oi^t
in the course of its four acts, with curious
results. With a determined effort to saeri —
fice no incident of importance in the book,
the playwrights have piled climax upon
climax without the least elementary re
gard for the laws of composition. The
situations crowd one another to suffoca
tion, linked by the merest thread of con
nection, and following one another with
out reason or sequence. It is wantonly
implausible, disjointed, noisy and yet with
the making of a good play about it had
the pruning been done intelligently.
I The second act is ihe best and shows
. some rather taking comedy and stirring
incident, with breathing space to enjoy
it, but the third and fourth acts are
; simply turgid melodrama and the gatling
\ gun festival at the Orpheum is tame in
comparison so far as noise goes. Still, it
, was rather well enjoyed by the audience
I on the whole, thanks to Its riotous pa
j triotism and to the clever folk who are
j wasting their. time on it.
1 Mary Mannering is the beautiful Janice
| and with good looks sufficient to prevent
| the wholesale devastation wrought by
that revolutionary Helen from becoming
ridiculous. It does border a little on the
absurd as one stalwart warrior after an
other goes down under the bright eyes of
the lady, but Miss Mannering is quite
charming enough to carry off the situa
tion. The pretty actress has strengthened
considerably in her art since she was last
here with Hackett in "The Prisoner or
Zenda," though she has hardly the im
perious personality that distinguishes a
star from the less magnetic members of
the company.
She acts with grace and discretion, with
finish and conscience, though without any
profound conviction or depth. She looks
the part admirably and quite fulfills any
ideal one may have formed of the young
enchantress. But Miss Mannering can
not be judged fairly, from her work In the
play. That she makes so much of the
part argues a good deal for her powers,
a:3d her efforts will go far to carry the
play into an undeseved popularity.
Miss Mannering is excellently support
ed. Amy Ricard, as her bosom friend
Tabitha, is a charming ingenue, graceful,
winsome, pert and everything that
labitha was in just the right
way. Miss Ricard shows strong
aptitude for her work. Robert
Drouet has the part of the lover of the
iair Janice, a somewhat subordinate role
m i.ie play, though more prominent than
In the book. Mr. Drouet is fairly success
ful in his impersonation. H. S. Northrup
and Charles Cherry are excellently cast
as Lord Clowes and Lieutenant Mow
bray and do all that is required for the
parts in a polished fasbion. Both are in
telligent and graceful actors Carl
Ahrendt is a successful Hessian colonel
as Rahl. and Squire Meredith is well por
trayed by W. D. Chaflin. Miss E A
.h,bene Is a melodramatic Mrs. Meredith
and the rest of the cast is capable
throughout. It is a good company wasted
on a poor play.
Alcazar.
! At the Alcazar last night was produced
Belasco & Thall's Christmas offering
"Charley's Aunt," the brilliant farce
comedy by Brandon Thomas. It was
greeted by a crowded house. It is four
years: since the farce was last played
here, and the merriment that greeted its
new and elaborate presentation augurs
well for a big week at the popular house.
Not «ven under the Charles Frohman
management has Thomas' play received
better or more accomplished treatment
at the hands of actor and actress. FirsL
of all it may be said that Belasco & Thall
have given the play the most complete
surrounding, and in Its new presentation
FRUIT GROWERS OBJECT
TO EXCESSIVE CHARGES
The transportation committee of the
late State Fruit Growers' Convention
which was held* in San Francisco during
the early days of this month, through R.
u. Stephens, chairman of the committee,
has addressed a communication to all the
railroad companies engaged in the trans
portation of T'ruit from this State, asking
some modification in the present condi
tions relating to refrigeration charges.
The principal objection is made to the
monopoly enjoyed by certain companies
engaged in this business, the committee
saying:
AV'e believe the »riv te ownership and con
f°.., of refricera tor cars used for shipment of
California fruit to be inimical to the interests
of growers and shippers, as affording an op
portunity for discrimination and favoritism.
All cars and other transportation facilities
should be owned and controlled in- every par
ticular by the railroads, and all shippers
should have equal facilities and upon equal
terms.
We, therefore, in this public way, record our
earnest protest a?alnst the renewal or exten
sion of existing contracts with the refrigera
tor lines now engaged in this traffic, or the
making of any similar contracts with any
parties whatsoever.
A\e make further objection to tha private
ownership and control of these refrigerator
cars, as havlns the effect to maintain what we
consider excessive refrigeration rates.
There is no power that can prevent such
combination so lortg; as private cars have the
monopoly of carrying fruit, with a tariff that
brings in such an enormous profit as does the
present tariff for refrigeration, for the reason
that the larte fruit companies are corpora
tions, and there is no lav/ through which the
transfer and control of the stock of such cor
porations can be prevented.
The report also says that "nothing can
be done that will better promote the In
terests of the people of California than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
CLEVER PERFORMERS AT
THE ORPHEUM AND TIVOLI
OPERA-HOUSE.
t
it is worthy of the highest praise. The
setting of the second act, the exterior of
a college, was aptly described by Ela
Delahay, played by the dainty Oza Wal
drop, as "the scholars' paradise." The
new wood border, admirably painted, was
a feature of the set. Now, to the Alca
zar stock company: Rarely has this cap
able dramatic organization been seen to
such admirable advantage as in "Char
ley's Aunt." Alsop as Jack Chesney was
excellent", Gerson's Sir Francis Chesney
was very good, Shumer's Charley W-ykem
was sprightly, Howard Scott's Spettlgue
adequately eccentric, Frank Bacon's
Lord Babberly screamingly droll. Royal
Dana Tracy's idea of Brasset was perfect
ly in keeping with the Idea of the charac
ter. Of the ladies Margaret Wycherley
and Marion Convere, Amy Spettigue and
Kitty Verdun, respectively, might have
stepped out of a spring fashion plate, so
dainty did they look, while Marie Howe,
sedate and handsomely gowned, gave an
admirable performance of Donna Lucia
D'Alvadcrez. "Charley's Aunt" is a mer
ry play for the merry season. The vo
ciferous applause last night and the unre
strained laughter and curtain calls were
compliments justly won by actor and
management.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum Road Show has caught on,
and the house was crowded to the doors
last night. Joe Welch, the German Jew
monologist, is the bright particular star,
and while he is on the stage the laughter
is incessant. It is not so much what he
says as the way he says It that involun
tarily causes laughter, and his walk and
appearance help greatly also to that end.
He is unquestionably the prince of mono
logists. W. C. Fields, the eccentric, is
very clever, and his tricks are mostly
funny as well as clever. Elizabeth Mur
ray has established herself as a prime fa
vorite with her coon songs and funny
stories. The drill of the Union Gatling
Guards has to be seen to be appreciated.
The Agios trio of equilibrists; Macomber
and Engleton. travesty artists; tho Sere-
to put the fruit growers upon an equality
with the growers of Oregon and Wash
ington in regard to transportation facil
ities."
Prisoners Held to Answer.
H. M. Thornton was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday on the charge of grand larceny
in $1000 bonds for stealing $S0 from S. H.
Dantcn, 10S4 Bush street, December 15.
Frank Raymond was held by Judgo
Conlan on a charge of attempt to commit
burglary in $1009 bonds. Raymond, it is
aliGccd, tried to break into the house of
Robert Wanamaker, 328 Third street, De
cember 13.
James Sullivan was held by Judge
Mogan on a charge of burglary in
J20T.0 bonds for breaking Into the store of
the Shreve & Barber Company, 511
Kearny street, December 6.
Frank Green, treasurer of the Long
shoremen's Union, was held by Judge
Fritz on the charge of felony embezzle
ment in 52000 bonds.
Tribune's Christmas Edition.
The holiday edition of the Oakland
Tribune, issued on Saturday last, is full
of interesting features. Stories by Bret
Harte, Cyrus Townsend Brady and clever
members of the local staff fill the supple
ment. The half tones and Bpecial articles
by leading citizens of the Anthenian City
are also of high order. The edition con
sists of thirty pages. The supplement is
printed on fine paper and the typographi
cal work. i= of the best.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Kromo-Qulnlne Tablets. ■ All
(JruKKlsis refund the. money If It falls to cure.
12. W. Grove's signature is on each box, 25c • *
naders, and Mclntyre and Heath, black
face comedians, complete the attractive
bill.
California.
The "Devil's Auction" was presented
for the second time at the California
Theater last night with the usual stage
effects. One of the best things in the
show Is the work of Fox and Foxie, the
trained terrier and Its master. This piece
continues at the California for the rest
of the week.
Grand Opera-House.
Minnie Seligman's rendition of Carmen,
at the Grand Opera-house last night
brought her round after round of hearty
applause, and on several occasions she
was called before the curtain. Miss Ser
ligman renders Carmen in a manner that
meets the ideas of the ordinary reader of
Prosper Merimeee's book. She is a-3
coarse as the book Carmen is coarse, and
shows Carmen as Merimee intended she
should be shown— a woman full of passion,
who would allow nothing to stand in the
way of the accomplishment of anything
her fickle mind prompted. She gets all
out of the part that a clever actress can
get out of it, and does it in such a man
ner that she is bound to please. She is
not ably supported. The Don Jose of Her
schel MayaH is not of 'the best, and the
other members of the troupe are but lit
tle better. To the leading lady alone Is
due the success of this latest production
of "Carmen" In San Francisco.
Central.
A large audience was present at the
Central Theater last night to witness the
initial performance of the thrilling melo
drama of English country life, entitled
"The Silver King." The play is a good
one and well rendered by the Central
company. It should prove one of the
leading holiday attractions. Hallet
Thompson, the hero, is the prime favorite
with the audience and has never appeared
to better advantage than in this produc
tion. Stanley Ross, the villain, makes his
part so realistic that he is greeted with a
storm of hisses at .every appearance in
the later acts. Annette Marshall as the
leading lady is eminently successful.
Ernest Howell; Willard Blackmore and
James Corrigan, well known to Central
patrons, are up to their usual standard
and receive frequent applause. The minor
parts are well rendered, and the play as
a whole is admirably balanced. The action
is rapid and the plot clearly distinguish
able. Interest is never allowed to flag,
even for an instant, and "The Silver
King" will undoubtedly prove a brilliant
success.
Fischer's Concert-House.
Coleman and Mexis put up a wonderful
exhibition of sharpshooting at Fischer's
Concert-house last -night, and . a large
audience applauded their efforts. Seem
ingly impossible feats are performed by
these people, and their shooting" must be
seen to be appreciated. Eleanora Jenkins,
the favorite soprano, sang "A Monkey on
a Stick," from "The Geisha," and re
sponded to a big encore with the moon
song from the "Mikado." The Paloma
Ladies' Quartet had new songs to offer,
and Elizabeth Nella, a whistler, new to
San Francisco, trilled and double-tongued
many popular melodies. Lainar and Hall,
comedy sketch artists, and Otto T. John
sone, a card manipulator and magician,
presented many new tricks. The Sorensen
children will appear to-night, and a spe
cial matinee will be given on Christmas
day.
Chutes.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Deaves' Merry
Manikins, "Italian Marionettes," scored
a big hit and kept the audience in a con
tinual roar of laughter, it being one of
the most interesting acts seen here for
some time. Goleman's cats and dogs re
peated their big success of the Orpheum
a short time ago., Dave Lloyd, monolo
gist. told some new stories and sang paro
dies on popular songs. Other good num
bers are Bicknell, the clay .modeler; Alma
Wutrich in new songs, and a series of
new moving pictures. A beautifully deco
rated Christmas tree Is also shown at the
conclusion of the performance.
STEAL HORSE AND WAGON
TO GET HOLLY BRANCHES
Charles Smith arid Albert Alrow were
arrested at an early hour yesterday morn
ing by. Sergeant Ellis and Policemen Al
varez and Conway and booked at the City
Prison on charges of grand larceny and
petty larceny. They appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday and after being
Instructed and arraigned the cases were
continued until December 26.
About 3 o'clock in the morning the men
jumped into a newspaper delivery wagon
and drove to the residence of W. C. Tal
bot, 1730 Jackson street. They tore the
branches off a holly tree in the garden
and carried them to the wagon.
Policeman Alvarez heard the noise made
by the thieves and whistled for assistance.
Sergeant Ellis and Policeman Conway
answered the call, and they searched the
garden and found the two defendants hid
ing under a tree. They were- charged with
grand larceny for stealing the horse and
wagon and petty larceny for stealing the
branches off the holly tree.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Plies.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by.
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis. Mo. who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets, . -'
BOERS KEEP UP
SHARP FIGHTING
British Attacked in Or
ange River and Trans
vaal Colonies.
In a Series of Fierce Engage
ments the Casualties Ag
gregate 150.
LONDON,' Dec. 23.— Lord Kitchener, in a
dispatch from Johannesburg, dated Satur
day k December 21, sends -reports of sharp
fighting in the Orange River and Trans
vaal colonies. .The engagements occurred,
December 18, 19 and 20 at points widely
apart. The casualties, so far as known,
aggregate about 150, equally divided; but
heavy British losses, the totals of which
have not yet been reported, have occurred
in the Transvaal. In this last mentioned
fighting- two hundred mounted Infantry In
the neighborhod of Beginderyn were di
vided into parties and were searching
farms when they were' attacked by 300
Boers and forty armed natives under
Commandant Britz. The Boers charged
determinedly in overwhelming numbers.
Beyond the fact that the British casualties
were severe, no details have been received.
General Dewet's Attack.
Lord Kitchener also reports that during
General Dewet's attack on the force com
manded by Generals Dartnell and Camp
bell at Langberg, December 18, the Boers
charged bravely and fought desperately
for several hours. Dewet was driven off
with the loss of twenty men. There w^re
twelve casualties on the Bide of the
British.
In the eastern part of the Transvaal col
ony Colonel MacKenzio attacked Com
mandant Smith's force of Boers at Lake
Banagher December 20, killine six and
capturing sixteen of them. Commandant
Smith escaped. _^
A force o£ Boers during the night of De
cember 19 attacked the British post at
Eland Spruit, but they were driven off,
leaving eight men killed, including Com
mandant Kriz. Field Cornet Mahon, who
was wounded, and three other wounded
men were also left on the field. Other
wounded Boers were carried off in blan
kets. The British casualties were seven
men killed and six officers and eighteen
men wounded.
Boers Surprise the British.
On December 20 M. Botha, with 500
Boers, surprised Colonel Dammant's ad
vance guard at Tafelkop, Orange River
Colony. The Boers rushed a kopje com
manding the main body and the guns, but
Dammant rallied his men and drove the
Boers from the kopje. The British casual
ties were heavy. Dammant was danger
ously wounded, two officers and twenty
men killed and three officers and seven
teen men were wounded. The Boers left
six dead on the field and dispersed. The
British pursued the enemy and captured
a number of prisoners. Including Com
mandant Keyter.
In the fight at Tafel Kop the Boers,
dressed as British Yeomen, engaged in a
splendid race with the British in an at
tempt to first gain the crest of the kopje.
The Boers gained the summit first and
opened a heavy fire on the single troop of
Dammant's Horse, which took part in the
race for the kopje. These troopers took
advantage of a little cover available im
mediately below the Boers and fought un
til all but four of them were killed or
•wounded. By that time reinforcements of
Dammant's Horse came up and charged
and captured the kopje.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS MEET
THE SUPREME CHANTDEIXOR
Head of Order Says More Than
Seventy Thousand Strangers Will
Congregate Here.
One of the largest r gatherings- of
Knights of Pythias of this city assembled
last night in Crystal Hall of the Pythian
Castle to tender a reception to Ogden H.
Fethers, supreme chancellor of the order.
He w&.s greeted with rousing cheers when
he entered the hall. He was formally In
troduced by Herman Schaffner, grand
keeper of records and seal for the grand
domain of California, who was the cnalr
man of the evening in the absence of
Grand Chancellor L. S. Calkins, who was
unavoidably detained in the southern part
of the State.
The supreme chancellor delivered an
address. After reviewing the condition
of the order at this time ne spoke of the
Supreme Convention that is to be held in
this city during the week commencing on
the 12th of next August. He said that the
people in the East are very anxious to
come to a State where there is delightful
weather as contrasted with the EaSt—peo
ple who want to become acquainted with
the resources of the State and to obtain
personal knowledge of what to them
seems to be a second paradise. »
"1 can assure you," said he, "that
there will be not less than seventy thou
sand strangers in San Francisco during
Pythian week. There will be not less
than fourteen thousand members of the
Uniform Rank of the order, who will hold
■tneir encampment here at the same time
that the Supreme Lodge shall be in ses
sion.
"These alone will make the grandest
show on parade that any fraternal order
ever made in this city. They will come
from the country east of the Rocky
Mountains, and to this number must be
added those who will come" from Oregon,
Washington, far off Alaska and Hawaii."
' He then reviewed the work that has
already been done for the convention and
said that he felt that it will be a great
success.
He was followed In short addresses by
Supreme Representatives W. C. Graves
and George Samuels and W. H. Bodflsh
the senior past grand chancellor.
Monticello Club Celebration.
The directors of the Monticello Club are
arranging for a grand celebration of
Jackson day on January 8, 1902. A spe
cial programme has been prepared under
the supervision of the. president, James
P. Booth, and everything is being done
to make the affair a brilliant success. The
clubrooms have been prettily decorated
wtih wreaths and garlands to add to the
attractiveness of their already homelike
appearance. The members will keep an
open house and receive their friends on
Christmas and New Year.
WOMAN rNTCTRED IN .COLLISION,
Mrs. ; Saul Saunders Suffers in an
Accident.
Mrs. Saul Saunders, who resides at the
northwest corner of Bush and Fillmore
streets , was injured last night In a colli
sion between a car of the Fillmo're-street
line and one of the California-street line.
Defective brakes and slippery rails are
said to be the cause of the accident. Mrs.
Saunders was badly cut on the head and
face and was taken to a neighboring drug
store for treatment.- , She was removed
later to her home.
Car and Wagon Collide.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last night an
east-bound Union-street car collided with
an express wagon at the corner of Union
and Hyde streets. The front part of the
car was demolished and the express
wagon was completely wrecked. 1 The
driver was thrown from his seat, but es
caped without serious injury.
Purse Snatcher Caught.
Mrs. Amelia Carey, who resides at 4
Winters place, was walking along Du
pont street last night with her 10-year-old
daughter. When near; Jackson a negro
named Nicholas Lopez grabbed her by the
arm and snatched her purse, containing
$4. He was pursued by Officers Tillman
and Tyrell and captured In a Chinese
laundry. Lopez Is- an ex-convict, having
served ten years In Folspm.
Accused of Theft.
Fred Triest, aged 19 years, was arrested
last night by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea
and booked on six charges of petty lar
ceny. He is accused of stealing about
$300 worth of cloth from James Basch, an
importer, by whom, he was employed
Most of the. stolen property has been re
covered by the detectives. .
MACLAY REFUSES
TO RESIGN PLACE
Schley's Traducer Makes
a Demand for a
Trial.
Declares the President Cannot
Dismiss ' Him Under
Civil Service Law.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Edgar Stanton
Maclay, whose connection with the Schley
case led President Roosevelt to request
his resignation as special laborer in the
navy, made formal demand to-day for
trial by usual naval procedure, .tie
averred that his case came under the
civil service law and that he could not
be dismissed without formal charges, trial
and conviction. The request for his resig
nation was sent to him by Rear Admiral
Barker, commander of the navy yard at
Brooklyn, and he replied at once by let
ter, formally setting forth his position.
Discussing the case Maclay said:
The President cannot have me dismissed
under the law as I see it. I do not see now
he can force me out. I am protected by the
civil service laws enacted by Congress, whose
enactments the President Is bound to execute.
I do not know positively, but I believe my po
sition under the civil service furnishes me
complete protection bo long aa I violate no
rules of the service, and that I have not done
and I have so stated In my letter to the com
mandant In answer to the request for my
resignation. No, I did not say that the Presi
dent is as bad as the Czar of Russia.
I have done nothing more than write to the
commandant and ask that charges be pre
ferred against me, and will do nothing more
Just now. 1 have not been suspended, and
am working here to-day as I have been doing
for fifteen months. I have tried to do my.
duty here and have broken no rules and I shall
simply stand by my rights, more for the
principle of the matter than anything else, for
my position here pays me very . little and Is
chiefly valuable because of the experience and
Information It affords me as material for my
books.
Rear Admiral Barker forwarded Mac
lay's letter to Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23. — Secretary
Liong said to-night that he had not re
ceived the reply of Maclay to tho request
tor his resignation. Pending its receipt
the Secretary said he did not wish to en
ter into a discussion of the matter for
publication. In his Informal discussion
of the matter to-day Secretary Long
made It perfectly plain that the Presl
dent's intentions in regard to Maclay
would be carried out regardless of the lat
ter' s declaration that he is protected by
civil service rules. It is expected that if
he does not resign he will be removed
summarily.
MUST TAKE HIS MEDICINE
If Miles Replies to Rebuke He May
Go on Retired list.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles will be given no
opportunity to clear his record of the
stain placed upon it by the sharp rebuke
administered to him. by the President and
Secretary of War.
There is no disposition on the part of
the administration to give General Miles
a chance to keep the Schley controversy
alive. If General Miles should apply for
a court of Inquiry and it should be grant
ed the investigation -would keep the
Schley case in public mind. For General
Miles to make such an application would
be to question the right and justice of
the action of his superior officers.
Army officials say that General Miles
was called upon for an explanation, and
that he admitted the authenticity of the
interview, but the reason for Its giving
was not considered satisfactory. He had
every opportunity to clear himself, but
he was unable to do so, and then the re->
buke was administered.
Rumors reached the War Department
to-day that General Miles had again
talked for publication. These aroused the
greatest interest, but in the absence of
the Secretary in New York, nothing was
done to establish their correctness. This
much was stated emphatically: in- the
present temper of the President and Sec
retary Root, if General Miles again com
ments indiscreetly upon the Schley case
or upon the action taken by the Presi
dent and Secretary of War, he will be
subjected to even a harsher proceeding
than that he has already suffered.
General Miles' friends urge that the law
prohibits the infliction of punishment
upon an officer without trial by a court
martial, and they claim that the action
taken was severe punishment. The War
Department evades this contention by the
statement that the communication ad
dressed to General Miles was not a rep
rimand, but a rebuke, and the President
and the department have a right to tell
an officer when he has done wrong. Of
ficials of the Department do not threaten
General Miles, but they point to the fact
that" he is now over 62 years of age, and
there is a law which gives the President
discretionary- authority to retire an of
ficer when he reaches that age. The
President does not desire to proceed to
extreme measures in General Miles' case,
but in his own interest the officials say
it would be advisable for the command-
Ing general to swallow his medicine, bit
ter though It tastes.'
Benevolent Society Appeals.
The managers of the General German
Ladies' Benevolent Society announce that
on Friday evening, December 27, their
annual festival will take place in Golden
Gate Hall. As in former years at Christ
mas time, the society appeals to its
friends for the means to make the festival
a bright event for the poor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A Sensible I
I Xmas j
j Present. I
B ...WE SELL... f?4
I Shoe Orders, ]
1 OUR STOCK IS
1 COMPLETE. H
g Every sort of SHOES and SLIP-
18 PERS, tor Men, Women and Chil-
M dren, at BOTTOM PRICES. p,
i We Lead in |
g Children's Footwear. -H
i tuy Your Shoss Here. |
I Lippiti & Fisher I
I ' 945 Market St. |
II OPE.V EVENINGS. A
M WE GIVE RED OR GREEN TRAD- Efl
U ING STAMPS. II
AJVEBTISEMEJITS.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS,
Night Robes '
, Neck Dress
filoves
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Handkerchiefs rjr
Pajarna Sails
j Umbrellas, Etc.
EACLESON <£ CO.,
748-75O Market St.,
242 Montgomery St. -
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
DONATION DAYS
December 21
December 23
December 24
Donations of moneu and
supplies of all kinds
thankfullu received at
227 Sutter St.
(Coulter's Rattan Works). '
[ |hristmas
A WELCOME ARRIVAL
For Christmas 13 the dre3s shirt and th«
fine linen done up at the U. S. Laundry.
"When we do the work it is always done
right. TVe don't damage the goods, and
we give them a perfect finish. We do the
best work on ladies* garments as well.
We deliver the goods with a promptness
our customers appreciate.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office* 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lc»— 54 San Pablo Ave.
<
California
Limited...
I (ySJ^ftS \ \ C3 Sin ejr^i i- fcj| v^v*l i
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers.
From Saa Francisco, daily, 9 A. M? '
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street \
/T^\ R&spfttfe Cured. ; i
£\ The celebrated California In- 1
pjj^.v*^ ventor, I*. Pierce, discovered J
nf "^'W* tr *** *k e onl» remedy for Rup-
\5 jC*V$ ture i3 Electricity. »nd in per-
1 C-2XSr * ecting his wonderful Electro-
iSt Magnetic Truss and e«tab»
I
tM^T^tWii ' tbo worM, he gave to auf- ,
tV<X-W\^O^^ fercrs fromthindangerou*
««S«M^8lH^lSiK walruly the relief and se-
enrity vainly »<™&* tot
■••v^vjy opyiliaTCO is radically dif-
ferent from all othrrs and its action on tho
ruptured parta is quick and effective Cir°s
accomplishc.l by Its use are numbered by tha
thons.-viid. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new "Booklet No. 1."
Address Magn-tic Truss Co.. 1T45 Broadway (near
2Cth St.), Xewi'ork. or 206 Post St., SanTraacisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bittern
IS A CiKEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGC>Ua-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«cUl
Tonic for the Sexual Organ*, for both »exea.
The Mexican Remedy for Piaestxen of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell» on lta own nwita.
- ' NABER. ALFS * BRCNP. Agents,
K3 Market st.. S. F.— (Sead fur Circular*.)JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
j GET A PAINTED PLAQUE
S I="O3R. TO-D/*/V ONLY |
I With cur Glove Order to Introduce these Gloves. j
1 "SOROSIS*''ii?nvps 1
i «§£ NO Qyy_ Snn fVflrM-I^N^y/V/y "~«^I32|* They are made of best quality M
M tS : rranC15«J> — £-AS-lS^.-SCS **><£* picked lambskin, pique sewn, "Paris Eg
« 43? AGENT /I * eB* P° mt >" stitched back, two-clasp. In m
pf 2*7$ ._ tor \ 3J-riifi f-1 r\o ****§**%■*»*•* iofe the newest shades for street Eg
% J»00«.QS1S /y (/%f ' (fit O"l Q y2» an d evening wear. Absolutely the g
'§ *$&. C5l_ON^&S *^ *" cdt verv uest glove made for the* |
I m 8i6 Awrom st. and 1 1 otaprcli st . g* oaK?..?. ™ a . n f.. $ . 1 ." 60 .Ii o .'oo I
I JS /^*) P" Presentation we will Deliver 8f toother place carries the Celebrated I
I« if /~T7/Pr "Pit "PFRFFfTION" Gir.vp 1
•S V_/ fl/lJ - ■ » - Dnlr Qf QtQvf* ${ ■LlULLIlUN UJCVe i
, *|§ /"") /^T — *l 2a|j but JOE ROSENBERG. |
fS //?Y} dOE ROSEN BERp.J Y^JX^/ £*» His name stands for all that is \
#Z£ WiltM" * /C-JsL rv>r _ 1 -r C^rj / X2* perfect and best in gloves. 1
#?7\ **J*>^t *P -*- — 9 1 ~^ \ j t7i^t \^ * * yQ+ These are made of verv best* 1
$$>8t8£B£$&>8£83t8^ French kid, stitched back over- ' I
* and fitted as though molded to the Kl
ca^- cfuii ,= rxz niiD *~i «vn nnncn hand; regular $200 values. Moder- m
FAC SIMILE CF OUR GLOVE ORDER. ately priced $1.5O H
TA17 DACirrVTDrDr 1 ate market st., I
cl i J STj t\ \ I fc^ Fj lM O Va tl i T RUNNING THROUGH TO !l O'FARRELL, PHELAN BUILDING 1
W AIVWUIIJ-TJJAIVI^ MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. |j
MAN TO SUCCEED
GAGE NOT FOUND
Former Governor Shaw
of Iowa May Get the
Cabinet Place.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.-A tender of
the office of Secretary of the Treasury to
succeed Secretary Gage has been made
to former Governor Leslie M. Shaw of
Iowa, but it Is understood that up to a.
late hour to-night no response had been
received from Governor Shaw to the in
quiries sent him. At the White House no
information on the subject Is obtainable,
pending a definite authorization of the
fact that a successor to~ Secretary Gage
has teen found. ,
DES MOINES, Iowa, • Dec. 23.— Former
Governor Shaw left for the East to-night.
Seen as the train pulled out,' he said: *"I
have seen the newspaper dispatches which
state that I have been selected by Presi
dent Roosevelt to succeed Secretary Gage
as Secretary of the Treasury in the Presi
dent's Cabinet. I have no other informa
tion on the subject. Manifestly I cannot
discuss iL I have not received any Infor
mation on the subject from Washington,
either from President Roosevelt or from
any Iowa friends there."
The former Governor declined to state
his purpose in leaving the city for the
East, and he said he had not been called
to Washington. It is generally understood
here that Governor Shaw has been de
termined upon for the treasury portfolio,
V'Ut the impression prevails that he will
T^obably not accept the position. While
he is well-to-do, he has not a large for
tune, and it is possible that he would
think himself unable, in a financial sense,
to accept tee place. At any rate, he could
not determine the matter before consulta
tion with some of his friends who are
high in the councils of the party in Iowa
and the nation.
CLEVELAND. Dec. 23.— Colonel Myron
T. Herrick returned to Cleveland from
£sew York to-day. Regarding the men
tion of his name as successor to Secre
tary of the Treasury Gage, he said he
had no offer of the position and all he
knew about going into the Cabinet was
what appeared in the press dispatches.
Colonel Herrick said that Judge Taft of
the Philippine Commission is on his way
to the Un:ted States and that on his ar
rival he (Taft) might be given a Cabinet
position, and that if such proved to be
the case no other Ohio man couldX«xpect
a Cabinet portfolio.
BAGDAD RESIDENTS DEAL
OTJT "XANGAB-00" JUSTICE
I.ash. "With Rubber Hose Three
Tramps Wlio Looted a Bailroad
Man's House.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 23.—"Kanga
roo" justice was administered with telling
CSect to three tramps in the little town
cf Bagdad, on the desert, several days
ago. The tramps drifted into the place,
and, after hanging about the station for
k while, broke into the "shack" of Engi
feer Ebbott and ransacked his effects.
They took such articles as they could
carry away. Later the robbery was dis
covered and the thieves were captured.
There is no justice shop in Bagdad, and
it was decided to organize a "kangaroo"
court. George Porterfield was chosen as
judge. After the case had been argued
the court pronounced the trio guilty and
sentenced them "to be laid over a barrel
jind to be given ten lashes each with a
piece of rubber hose."
The sentence was executed with alacrity
and then the trio were taken to the bor
der of the town and told to/;lear out.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 23.— The California Cured
Fruit Association to-day sold 200 carloads of
jjrunes. This, in connection with the brisk
t^ales of the past ten days, leaves not more
than one hundred carloads of last year's crop
and a verj* limited sup?]y of this year's pack
in the association's warehouses.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
Albvms from $L50
Psrh/me Atomizers from ..... .25c
Ladies' Pocket Books from 25c
Pcrivmcs ia lancy boxes from . . 25c
Celluloid ToUet Sets from $2.00
Ebsny Toilet Sets from $230
Roger & GaUct's Perfumes from. .75c
Collar and Cull Boxes from 75c
Hecktic Boxes from 7Sc
Opera Glasses znd Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
» ■ '
JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
KAISER'S HAND
IS NOT STAYED
Revolution in Venezuela
Will Not Prevent
Collection.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— No matter
what the Internal political condition of
Venezuela may be, Germany will carry
out her programme for the collection of
claims held by her subjects.
This is the expectation of the adminis
tration officials. Advices received by the
State Department show that the revolu
tionary movement is holding its own, and
President Castro will probably experience
difficulty in maintaining the control of the
government. The administration is hope
ful that Germany will consent to coliect
a small proportion of the 115,000,000 she
has demanded, and will make an arrange
ment with Venezuela for a settlement of
the remainder. It is out of the question,
the authorities say, for the Berlin Gov
ernment to expect to remain Indefinitely
in Venezuela, and a time payment must be
determined upon.
The Navy Department was advised to
day that, the battleship Indiana left
Curacao yesterday for Kingston. She will
arrive at her destination to-morrow and
will remain there unless the situation Jn
Venezuela demands her presence at La
Guayra, or becomes such that she can
join the North Atlantic squadron.
BERLIN, Dec. 23.— The Foreign Office,
■while it is reticent as to Germany's speci
fic plans with regard to Venezuela and the
time of their, execution, gives the impres
shm that something will be done soon.
It is watching the uprising in Venezuela
under the leadership of General Mendoza.
If anything serious should come of this
revolutionary movement Germany will
suspend action in the matter until it shall
have been seen with what party the de
facto Government rests.
The Berlin newspapers continue to pub
lish everything available on this subject.
The Berliner Tageblatt sums up Ger
many's position in the Venezuelan matter
in the following words:
"This new rebellion is of the most con
sequence to our relations with that coun
try. Our position toward the Government
of Venezuela would naturally be influ
enced if everything there goes to topsy
turvy." «
ROOSEVELT T7P3BAIDS -*
GENEBAIi MTLES IN PUBLIC
Host Remarkable Scene at the Ex
ecutive Mansion Said to Have
Had Many Witnesses.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— A Washington
special to the Press says: To those who
were witnesses of a remarkable scene in
the executive mansion Saturday and to
a few who have been taken into the con
fidence of those who beheld it, the ofllcial
reprimand of General Miles by the Sec
retary of War is dwarfed by the unofficial
reproof and reproach which he received
Saturday afternoon from President
Roosevelt In the presence of a score of
the most representative and influential
public men and private citizens in the
United States. A few minutes after the
arrival of Miles, the door from the execu
tive's pri% - ate room opened and the Presi
dent hurriedly came in. Glancing hastily
around him and catching sight of Miles,
the President walked up to him rapidly
with evidences of excitement in his whole
demeanor. Placing himself squarely be
fore the aged and white haired lieutenant
general of the army he waved his arms
energetically and then raised his finger
warningly under the nose of Miles.
"I will have you know," said the Presi
dent in a loud voice, "I will not allow
you to criticize executive and department
al acts. I don't care who you are, I will
not stand it, and you will find out that
I am going to stop this sort of thing."
The distinguished witnesses of this vig
orous reprimand before other persons
were further astounded by what followed.
The President had grown flushed, and
was visibly restraining himself from a
violent outburst of wrath only by an ex
treme effort. Then he turned upon Mile's
again. Uplifting his arm, he shook it
almost furiously in the general's face.
"I'll show you," he said, and turned his
back upon him.
The Press further says that Miles and
Dewey are -both in disgrace with the ad
ministration and that neither will repre
sent the United States at the coronation
of King Edward.
RIOTOUS DEMONSTRATIONS
IN THE CITY OF MOSCOW
Escutcheon Over the German Con
, sulate Is Shattered During a
Recent Outbreak.
LONDON. Dec. 24.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says
there were serious anti-German demon
strations at Moscow last week, during
which the escutcheon over the German
Consulate there was shattered. The cor
respondent adds that the Russian censor
stopped the transmission of this news.
Ramsay Tenders His Resignation.
FRESNO, Dec. 23.— The resignation of
George S. Ramsay from the County
School Superlntendency was filed with the
Supervisors to-day and was at once ac
cepted. The resignation, it is said, was
tendered by the Superintendent in com
pliance with an agreement with the Grand
Jury, which' has been Investigating
charpres aeainst Ramsay of alleged im
moral conduct.
Demonstration Ag-ainst Turkey.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Dec. 23.— A revolu
tionary demonstration against Turkey
took place here last night. The police ex
perienced difficulty in preventing the
rioters from wrecking the residence of
the Turkish Commissioner. I Thousands of
people who were in sympathy with those
violently participating in the affray
Joined them by shouting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 23.— At the
United States Naval Hospital it was stated
to-day that Captain Francis A. Cook's condi
tion was a little better, although he is con
fined to his bed and kept very Quiet. His sons
are now with him. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
JOE EOSENBEEG'S.
UNITED STATES
A WORLD POWER
Justice Brewer Reviews
the New Conditions
in America.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 23.-The twenty
first annual banquet of the New England
Society of Pennsylvania was held to
"night in Horticultural Hall, covers being
laid for nearly 400 members and guests.
Guests -were present from New York,
Baltimore, Washington, Boston and other
cities. Assistant United States Attorney
General James M. Beck, president of the
society, opened the speechmaking with a
brief address. In Coming down the line
of illustrious New Englanders, President
Beck mentioned the name of "George
Dewey." This was the signal for an out
burst of applause such as was not re
peated during the remainder of the even
ing. The principal speaker was Associate
Justice David Brewer of the United
States Supreme Court, who responded to
the toast, "The United States; A World
Power." Justice Brewer's address was
frequently punctuated with applause.
Among other things he said: ■
The twentieth century brings us face to face
with new conditions and we are conscious that
the United States of America has become a
more important factor in the world's thought.
Some fancy that the Spanish war wrought the
great change. This is hardly so. It may have
cleared the air and brought us face to face
with the consciousness of the change, but si
lent forces of commerce*"and religion have been
at work for years bringing about that result.
Again and again it Is stated that the United
States has now become a world-power.- So
it has. but what is meant by the term a
world-power, and how are we to Justify our
right to that title? Not by the manifestation
of military power or naval strength.
While wars will be as wars have been, and
while there Is within the resources of our coun
try an undlsplayed military and naval strength
that makes her the most dangerous enemy on
land and Eea, yet the dawn of the twentieth
century unveils a greater national glory than'
can be won on any field of strife. While the
events of the last two or three years have com
pelled an increase in our military and naval
force, while the amount of money which is
called for by the Secretaries of War and Navy
seem to many too large, and while the roll of
the drum and the blare of the bugle are more
often heard, yet the sons of the pilgrims will
,never turn our country over to the man on
horseback nor will our dearest laurels be crim
soned by the blood of the dying soldier.
We shall deserve to be caled a world-power
because our relations with all nations will be
carried upon the highest principles of truth
and Justice. We stand In the council of na
tions strong enough to - fear no attempt to
wrong us; so strong that we cannot afford to
wrong any, even the weakest nation; strong
enough to be firmly Just to the most powerful
of nations and so strong that we must be
kindly Just with the weakest. We must be
frank as well as honest. Henceforth diplo
matic language must be something to reveal
and not seeming to conceal thought and pur
pose. The honesty we must show Is not tho
honesty of Shylock, measured only by that
which Is enumerated in the bond, but that of
the golden rule, an honesty which compels us
to see the other party to the transaction.
Into all the avenues of our official life is en
tering civil service reform — promotion by
merit has ceased to be the Joke of the politi
cian and is coming to be the controlling rule
of all official life — not merely in the army and
navy (and we have had of late some very posi
tive assurance in respect to them), but in all
the departments of official life, national. Statn
and municipal. Whatever may be the present
defects In the machinery employed to secure
the desired result, and very likely the defects
are many. It Is one of the brightest assurances
of the future that the thought and- purpose of
the people are turned- In this direction and they
will not be thwarted.
MASSACHUSETTS MTTRDEItEIt
DIES IN ELECTBIC CHAIR
Extreme Penalty of the Law Is In
flicted on Man Convicted on
Circumstantial Evidence.
BOSTON, Dec. 24.— Franceszek Umllian
was executed by electricity at the State
prison, Charlestown, at 12:30 o'clock this
morning for the murder of Kasimir Jedru
sek, December 31, 1899. Jedrusek disap
peared from the farm of Monroe Keith,
in Granby, "Western Massachusetts. He
and Umillan were farm hands there. In
the following April Jedruaek's body, cut
up and headless, was found in a -sack in
an unused well. Two days later the head
was unearthed under the barn. Umilian
was convicted on strong circumstantial
evidence. A corncutter was used to cut
up the body. The motive was that Umi
lian was angry because Jedrusek had
written to a priest at Chicopee before he
(Umillan) was married to a domestic em
ployed by Keith warning the priest that
Umilian had a wife and family in Poland.
EMPEROR OF GERMANY
TO VISIT KING EDWARD
Will Attend the Memorial Service
for the Late Queen Victoria
at Frogmore.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The World an
nounces the probability of a visit from
Emperor William to London January 20.
He will remain as the guest of King Ed
ward until January 24. The purpose of
this visit is to attend the memorial ser
vice for the late Queen Victoria at Frog
more. . -;;'■"'•
Cervtemeri
daitvty s&chots
will bo honored in
over IJEO storal*ir\
the United Stages
Salesroom, zoo p o »tst
W.M.AmiiK Agert*
ANARCHISTS MAY
BE EXTRADITED
Pan- Americarf Congress
Proposes Terms of a
New Treaty.
Contracting Parties Are to
Enact All Necessary
Legislation.
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 23.— At this morn
ing's session of the Pan-American Con
ference'Volney W. Foster, United States
delegate, proposed that Chicago be added
to the list cf cities liavlngr a. claim to a
branch of the proposed Pan-Ainerican
Bank. His motion was accepted by twelve
votes. Bolivia and Ecuador voted In the
negative and Chile abstained from voting,
but Walker Martinez, one of the Chilean
delegates, explained that this was because
his- country's delegates had abstalno'J
from voting on the main project, and not
from any lack of good will toward Chi
cago.
The project of a treaty for protection
against anarchy was read.
With slight modifications articles 10 and
11 of Senator Davis' Pan-American rail
way project were approved. These com
pleted the entire railway report, which is
therefore the second subject definitely dis
posed of by the conference, the first hav
ing been the Pan-American Bank;
The committee on extradition and sup
pression of anr.rchy presented its report
to-day. It recommends'that the American
republics sign a general treaty of extradi
tion. The proposed terms of such a treaty
are given, and they differ little from the
terms vi tho extradition treaty now in
foice between the United States and Mex
ico. The committee says that it expe
rienced difficulty in including, any special
provision against anarcy and anarchists,
owing on the one hand to the necessity of
respecting the liberty of belief, and on the
other to- the fact that the crimes of an
archists, such as the murder of President
McKinley, come under the ordinary clas
sifications of penal codes; and are suf
ficient to justify the extradition without
the need of special provisions. Neverthe
less, the committee says, it considers the
time ripe for some united action against
anarchy on the part of the nations of
America, and that It believes the best way
is to make the active* expression and
propagation of anarchistic ideas an ex
traditable offense. A provision to this ef
fect is included in the proposed treaty, as
follows:
Article 13— The contracting' parties agree to
provide in their respective legislation for the
punishment of the propagation of. anarchy.
The extradition of any Individual who may
have propagated anarchy may be In . demand
from the date on which said propagation be
corr.es punishable by the nation making the
request. In such cases it shall be granted, al
though the individual whose extradition is de
manded may be liable to a penalty of Im
prisonment of not less than two months.
BEYROUT EDICT
CAUSES A STIR
Tewfik Pasha Denies All
Knowledge of the Ex
pulsion Order. .
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sunday, Dec. 22.—
Replying to the protest of the United
States Charge d'Affaires here, Spencer
Eddy, against the notification issued by
the authorities of Beyrout. Syria, to the
effect that naturalized American citizens
must renounce their naturalization within
fifteen days, under penalty of being ex
pelled from Turkey, the Turkish Foreign
Minister, Tewflk Pasha, denied all konwl
edge of the matter, but promised to in
quire into it and give Eddy a definite re
ply on Monday.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The State De
partment confirms the report that Mr.
Eddy, our Charge at Constantinople, is in
correspondence with the Porte relative to
the proposed expulsion of naturalized
American citizens from Turkey unless the
citizens abandon their allegiance to the
United States. Owing to the absence of a
naturalization treaty between the Unted
States and Turkey our Government has
no special authority to' interfere in behalf
of these naturalized citizens, as against
an edict of expulsion. The reliance upon
broad principles of international law is
not strong, for the principle' that a na
tion may refuse to allow its citizens to
change their nationality has been pretty
well established. But admitting the right
of expulsion, the United States Govern
ment has itself a right to insist that this
shall not be attended by hardship such
as might result from the allowance of a
very limited period of time for leaving
Turkey. It ls-^ossible that Eddy will take
advanced ground on that point if he can
not secure the abandonment of the pro
jected order of expulsion.
Police Stop the Fight.
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., Dec. 23.— The
fight scheduled to take place in this city
to-night between Marvin Hart of. Louis
ville and Harry Rodgers, a local pugilist
was stopped by the police before the prin
cipals were allowed to enter the ring.
Governor Durben had instructed the locai
authorities to stop the fight.
Eies From His Wound.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 23.— James Stiff,
the. third man shot in the Westmoreland
tragedy by Herbert Marx, several weeks
ago, died at his home in Westmoreland
County this morning.
CAPTIVE WOMEN
ARE DOING WELL
Advices Are "Received
at Sofia From Brig
ands' Stronghold.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 23.—Infor
mation was fciven out at the American
Legation to-day that no arrangement had
been arrived at with the brigands who
hold Miss Stone captive concerning tho
missionary's release, and that it was un
likely that anything would be settled In
this connection for another ten days
Advices received here from Sofia are to
the effect that M. Tsllka has heard that
Madame Tsilka, his wife, Is doing well
but cannot be -moved for another week''
The same advices say that Miss Stone is ?
also well.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.-Spencer Eddy.
United States Charge at Constantinople
has adopted a new and ingenious plan roi'
securing the' release of Miss Stone. Na
turally the officials do not care to make
public any details of this project, lest
publicity cause its failure. Dickinson, our
Consul-General at Constantinople, who
has been working: hard in Miss Stone's
behalf, has again complained .bitterly to
the State Department of the evil effect,
upon his enterprise of the newspaper pub-'
lications in this case. ;
Lef ever Guns
Have worked their way to the top on
merit. All grades for salo at Skinner's
416 Market street • •
DENIES MISSION IS TO SECURE
EVIDENCE AGAINST LADY HOPE
Duke of Newcastle, Brother-in-Law of the
Actress Who Was Once May Yohe v Visits
San Francisco on Way to the Southland
TITLED BROTHER-IN-LAW OF LADY FRANCIS HOPE, OR AS SHE IS
BETTER KNOWN, MAY YOHE. HE ARRIVED IN SAN FRANCISCO
YESTERDAY.
A DUKE mingled with the com
muters who crossed the bay to
Oakland on the 4:30 boat last
evening. He was the only one
on the vessel aware of this fact,
save his friend, Carleton Fox, arid conse
quently the plain American citizens who
were the Duke's traveling companions
missed an opportunity to take in the
points of a British peer of much celebrity.
Henry Pelham Archibald Douglas Pel
ham-Clinton, seventh Duke of Newcastle,
are the name and title of the nobleman.
He made a short inspection of the city
and lefffor Southern California on the
Owl last night.
The Duke of Newcastle is a confirmed
invalid. He is extremely lame and drags
himself along with great difficulty. In
the former centuries his ancestors were
rough old sailors, who worked their way
into the peerage by their valor in stub
born sea fights. The present Duke is a
pale, quiet man, who was born to live a
quiet life.
Little to Say of May Yohe.
Tho Duke was Interviewed on the Oak
land boat last evening by a number of
newspaper men, whom he treated gra
ciously, being ready to answer every
question that was propounded to him.
His brother, Lord Hope, married May
Yohe, and it was rumored that the Duke
was in. California to secure evidence to
enable his brother to free himself from
his matrimonial ties. This the Duke of
Newcastle denied. He said he was here
for his health, and his pale and worn ap
pearance bore out his statement. rHe
says that May Yohe never secured the
famous Hope gems which she has been
reported to have worn. The great collec
tion of jewels, with the exception of a
big blue diamond which was sold to a
New York millionaire, still remains Intact.
The Duke of Newcastle as a peer of the
realm is entitled to a seat in the House
of Lords. He remarked that Joseph.
Chamberlain was still Idolized by
the British public and that his policy In
reference to the Boer question had won
the approval of the majority in England.
Lord Rosebery. he said, was a Liberal,
who had come forward to save his party,
but he still urged that the war with the
JURY DECLARES
RATHBUN GUILTY
Indiana Murder Suspect
Is Convicted of
Manslaughter.
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., Dec. 23.—
Newell C. Rathbun, who was tried on tlie
charge of murdering Charles Goodman
by giving him poison, was found guilty of
manslaughter and his punishment fixed
at two to fourteen years in the peniten
tiary. The jury, which had been consid
ering the case since Saturday afternoon
at 3:15, reported at 10 o'clock to-night.
Rathbun's attorneys asked for a new trial
and the motion will be passed upon later.
Charles Goodwin, Rathbun's alleged vic
tim, was found dead last month in a hotel
in this city after he spent some time with
Rathbun. His body was shipped to Little
Rock, Ark., where 'Rathbun's wife lives,
as that of Rathbun, on whose life an in
surance policy for .$4000 had been issued.
Following the discovery: that the body
was not Rathbun's came Rathbun's ar
rest at Louisville, where he had, enlisted
under another name in the United States
army. The corpse was later identified as
that of Charles Goodman, a wanderer,
who came to Louisville from Evanston,
Ind., and met Rathbun iif- front of thu
Salvation Army headquarters here.
German sharpshooters and turners in Christ
mas Wasp. Cosmopolitan California Illus
trated profusely. . •
Boers be carried on to the bitter end.
After the ferry-boat reached the Oak
land side the Duke, assisted by Mr. Cox,
walked slowly to the train that was to
convey them to Southern California.
There was no show, no long retinue of
servants. A rich peer whom nature had
not dealt kindly with was visiting Cali
fornia unostentatiously to secure advan
tage of the sunlight and flowers.
The Duke of Newcastle is a title that
sounds imposing and with it comes a
picture of a stalwart soldier, sword in
hand. But this impression is misleading.
The present Duke of Newcastle is a sad,
. pale-faced young man — one who looks
better fitted to be a cleric or a scholar
than the descendant of one of the old
sailors of England who swept the seas
and would rather sink his ship than sur
render. The present Duke is a high
ritualistic member of the Church of Eng
land. He believes in the doctrines that
were preached before the Reformation —
in fact, yesterday he said that he em
phaticall" denounced the present freedom
of securing of divorces. v
Give an order for a
■
If you wish to give a useful, practical present, on
which you will lose no time in wondering what to
give as regards the style, etc , why not select one of
our Merchandise Orders for a made-to-measure suit
or overcoat? After Christmas the recipient can call
and select the pattern, cloth and style of garment, and
we can take his measure then.
We make suits and overcoats to order from $10
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell.and Eddy Sts.
MONSTER'S FATE
IS DECAPITATION
Briere, the Murderer of
Five Young Children,
Is Convicted.
French Father Commits In
fanticide in Order to
Marry a Widow.
CHARTRE3, Dec. 23. — After a week"*
trial, which has attracted the attention
of the whole of France, Briere, the
farmer of this vicinity, who on April 21
murdered four of his daughters, aged 14,
11, 5 and 4 respectively and his son. 7 years
old, stabbing and beating them to death
while they were In bed, was found guilty
to-day and condemned to be decapitated
by the guillotine. Briere persisted in de
claring himself innocent, but the circum
stantial evidence against him was over
whelming. /
A pathetic Incident of the trial occurred
when Briere's surviving little daughter
(who the police declare only escaped the
fate of the other children by not respond
ing to Briere's invitation to go see him)
-went on the witness stand, sobbingly pro
testing that her father was innocent and
begging the court to restore him, to her.
Briere, at the "time of the murders, as
serted that two tramps entered his housa
during his absence and killed the chil
dren. He added that he returned while
the murderers were robbing the place and
that they attacked him and a-tter a des
perate struggle left him for dead with
four stabs in the head. He further al
leged that the tramps escaped with the
sum of 1600 francs and a number of ob
jects of value. Suspicion soon fell on
Briere. It was suggested, that he mur
dered his children in a lit of drunken mad
ness as he spent the evening of the mur
ders in dririKing and as no trace of tha
alleged tramps were found. Besides this,
Briere's wounds were only slight and the
knife with which they were intlicted was
found to belong to his house. Finally a
blood-stained jacket belonging to Briere
was discovered hidden under some straw id
,the courtyard. His arrest followed. An
other theory advanced in connection with •
the murders was that Briere wanted tc
marry a widow who had rejected him
on account of his large family and thai
he therefore sent for all his children,
some of them at that time boarding witfc
neighbors, and committed the murders,
after which he invented the story of tha
two tramps, hoping to thereby shield him
self from suspicion.
TROLLEY CAB, JUMPS TBACK
Six People Instantly Killed tynfl
Many Injured in Pennsylvania.
ALLENTOWN, Pa.. Dec. 23.-Six per
sons were killed and a number injured to
night by reason of an electric car iump
ing the track at a sharp curve at tha
foot of the high mountain between here
and Coopersburg. The accident was du«
to the wet rails and snow. Tha dead:
REV. TOBIAS JESSLER. aged 60; an
unattached Reformed Church clergyman:
killed within sight of his home.
ALBERT YEAGER, Allentown, aged 43
MRS. DR. JACOB FELZER, Coopers
burg, aged 33.
AMBROSE REINHARD, Freedensvilla,
aeed 50. .
IRWIN KENNER, Zlon Hill; farmer;
ased 55.
FRANK "WESLEY of Allentown.
The injured: William Pfeiffer. Allen
town, arm fractured, scalp wound; John
T>. Wilt, proprietor of Center Valley Ho
tel, left arm fractured; Mrs. J. D. Wilt
right arm fractured and hurt internally;
Edwin Simon of Lanark, body bruised;
Mrs. Albert Yeager, whose husband was
killed, hurt Internally: unknown Italian
boy, face cut, is unconscious; Harry J.
Reichard of Lanark, back and head hurt;
Conductor A. L. Leldlich of Allentown,
left leg cut; Motorman Charles Stocker
Allentown, bruised: Mrs. C. F. Newcc.ner
Coopersburg, teeth broken, suffers froix
shock, and Rev. B. K. Hottel of Passer
hurt internally.
Motorman Stocker tried hard to stoj
the car when It slipped on the steep grade
but the car flew around the curve and
swung against a guy pole, which tore ofl
one side of the nearest roof. Those killed
sat along the broken side of the car and
were crushed by the post.
Currents.
You can learn all about direct and alter
nating currents at Heald's School of Elec
trical Engineering, 24 Post street. Sai
Francisco. This ia a thoroughly equipped
practical school of electricity, in whict
the courses strike right at the core o:
things.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— It is President
Roosevelt's present Intention to remain ii
"Washington during the holiday week, but h«
desires to obtain a respite from official dutiei
and will see only such visitors as have urgen:
and important public business to present.
34
VANDERBILTS GET
ASSETS OF BANK
Three Thousand Tacoma
Depositors- to Be
Paid at Once. '
Financial Circles Marvel at
the Generosity of the
Millionaires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 23.— William K.. George
W, and Frederick \\\ Vanderbilt are made
owners of the assets of the failed Met
ropolitan Bank by the action of Judge
Snell of the Superior Court, who to-day
ordered Receiver Phelps to turn over the
property to Charles McXamee, represent
ing the Vanderbilts. McXamee submitted
to the court the certificate of Manager
Jackson of the London and San FranciBCO
Bank that half a million dollars was on
deposit in the bank to McNamee's credit
10 pay the claims of depositors. T.he
transfer will be completed to-morrow up
on the filing by McXamee of a bond in
the sum of $200,000.
Keceiver Phelps to-day made his first
report to the court in which he stated
that the bank's liabilities were $530,G00.
The face value of the assets was placed
at $471,000, but the receiver said they were
of comparatively small value, in that the
largest sum which it was possible to real
ize from them, even though long time be
allowed, would not even remotely approx
imate the amount of claims.
By an arrangement between Judge Snell,
McXamee and the receiver, the latter is
allowed $1300 for his services and his at
torneys JGOO.
McXamee will commence paying the de
positors not later than January 2. Three
thousand depositors who were made hap
py by the Vanderbilts' announcement on
Saturday that they would liquidate the
bank are doubling and trebling their
Christmas purchases. Bankers and other
business men declare the action of the
Vanderbilts in depositing half a million
dollars to save poor depositors from losses
incurred by a second and a third cousin
of the Vanderbilt family to be an instance
of generosity unparalleled in the history
of banking.
JAPANESE BUYS HORSES
AT RANCHO DEL PASO
Duke of Newcastle Also Negotiating
a Purchase at the Noted
Stock Farm.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 23.— O. Ysaki ot
Yokohama, who has been connected with
the Government horse market of Japan
for eight years, visited Raneho del'Paso
to-day to make a selection of horses to
be shipped at an early date to Japan. He
will leave on December 2S with at least
six thoroughbred stallions, and in March
will return for a larger consignment to
be selected by "William I^ayng. who ac
companies him.
The Duke of Newcastle visited Ranch-)
del Paso yesterday to select a stallion
for purchase. The sale was noi eoni
pleted, owing to the absence of Superin
tendent John Maclcqy.
Hairbrush Catches Fire.
SAN" JOSE, Dec. 2.1.— A celluloid hair
brush caught lire last night while being
used by the six-year-old daughter of li.
E. Laughlin at 14C North Fixth street, and
but for timely assistance the girl might
have lost her life and the house been
burned. The little girl was brushing her
hair in front of a bureau on which was :i
lamp, when the back of the brush caught
tire. It is remarkable that the girl's hair
was not ignited, as the brush was on h'»r
head when the flames were communicated
to it. Screams of the child brought Mrs.
Laughlin to the room. She seized the
brush and threw it out of the window.
Saves Child From Burning.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 23.-The prompt
and heroic action of Sister Camille. a Do
minican fiister teaching in the parochial
school in this city, saved litllii James Sin
nott's life to-day. A Christmas tree party
was being held in St. Raphael Hall ami
young Slnnott was dressed as Santa
Claus. In some way his clothing became
ignited from a candle on the tree. In an
Instant he was enveloped in flamc-s. With
out regard for her own safety. Sister Ca
mille threw herself upon tho little- fellow
and with tho aid of lur ample robes suc
ceeded in smothering the flames. Young
Sinnott was severely burned about tho
lace and hands.
Killed by Falling Out of Bed.
SANTA ROSA* Dec. 23.— Coroner PlerCO
held an inquest yesterday over the body
of Mrs. Catherine lUley of Healdsburjj.
who «aa found dead <m Saturday night
in her room* in tho Union Hotel. The
verdict of the Jury was that death >*••
hUlted from tiutural caUMM, Mrs. Hlley
wa« th«* wife of the proprietor of the
Vnlon Hotel, nnd wus a cripple. Bhi> ;ip
jiearert to hnv«« fallen off \\\r lied aivi
broken her ne<-k.
Beady to Lay the Rnlls.
LOS AKOKLJCS. 1M\ £3.— Grading of
the flret division of the Bitn Pedro, 1,0s
Anrelrs and Snlt Lnktt llullroud in rum
plctcd, only a few Imli*hlji8; touches bclnj:
nocPKsary to end th« work between Lou
Angeles and Pomona. The line will be,
lurwd ovrr to tlio company in ten days.
Liiyini: of rails will l>pRin by January 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm f It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap ? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
Sold all over the world.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
DOCTORS' OPINIONS:
"Aids digestion and assimilation, re-
moves fatigue and improves the appetite."
"Sustains life for a long period ami
nourishes without any other *food or
drink."
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
WITNESS DEFIES
ALTURAS COURT
Refuses to Testify Jn
Trial of Alleged
■ Lyncher. '
The Entire Day Is Spent in
Argument by Judge and
Attorneys.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 23.— It is no reflection
on the court, but rather on certain of the
counsel, to say that the trial of James W.
Brown, the alleged Lookout lyncher, has
degenerated to a comedy of the monkey
and-parrot order. Practically the entira
| time to-day was spent in an argument as
I to whether a recalcitrant witness, should
I be made to answer questions. Clashes be
j tween the court and the attorneys for the
I defense were more frequent than usual,
] and time and again the lawyers were or
dered to take their seats. So accustomed
have they become to this procedure that
they to-day endeavored to adopt a time
saving policy by doing their talking while
seated. This greatly angered Judge Har
rington, and Raker was told that he
would save himself trouble by arising
| when he addressed the jury. Raker
■ obeyed instructions, but the first remark
that he made was one that the court re
garded as improper, and the lawyer wa»
ordered to sit down.
The case of Defendant Eades was to-day
set> for trial on January 13, and that of
Levanton on January 27. In fixing the
dates Judge . Harrington made some re
marks relative to separate trials before
juries. The defense objected to the court
making such statements, but Judge Har
rington instructed the court reporter and
clerk to ignore the objection.
A. L. Colburn, who testified before the
Grand Jury and since that time has been
kept here in Jail to prevent his leaving
the country, as he feared to be a witness
in this case, was called this morning. The
first question asked was if, about the 25th
of May, he had a conversation with Dep
| uty Constable Brown about a warrant to
;«search the Hall home. Before answering
he asked permission to make a statement,
and the jury was sent out of the room.
Colburn said that there was a conversa
tion about that time and of that nature.
| He declined to answer any further ques-
I tions, on the ground that his testimony
might tend to incriminate himself. Col
burn is one of the men whom Assistant
Attorney General Post seeks to have in
dicted for conspiracy as a result of his
refusal to testify against the other lynch
ers.
The court ordered the witness to answer
questions, and Colburn declined on the
ground that his testimony before the
Grand Jury had been, and was to be, used
against him by Post.
Sturtevant asked Colburn if Brown did
not tell him that the prisoners, meaning
Hall and the others, would be got rid of
within three days. Again he declined to
answer. When threatened with being sent
to jail he said that he had already been
in Jail six months and would just as soon
go back.
The status of Witness Colburn had not
been decided when the time for adjourn
ment arrived this afternoon. The entire
afternoon was spent in a three-cornered
argument between the prosecution, the
defense and the court as to whether Col
burn's refusal to testify constituted con
tempt.
SUICIDE'S BODY FOUND
IN SHALLOW RESERVOIH
Unfortunate Stranger in Redondo
Believed to Have Been F. H.
Norton of San Diego.
REDONDO, Dec. 23.— Face downwaid,
lying in the shallow water of an irrigating
reservoir, the body of a man, well dressed
and apparently about 55 years of age, was
found early to-day. It is supposed from
thf» i-osition of'.the" body that the man
committed suicide, a's the water is not
deep in the reservoir and there are no In
dications of violence haying be?:i used.
It is surmised that the body is that of
F. H. Norton of San Diego, although full
identification has not yet been made. Nor
ton came to Redondo from San Diego
by steamship last Saturday and was seen
here. He was on his way to L05 An
geles, but it is said did not arrive there
as expected. Nothing is known here of F.
H. Norton, and no reason for his possible
Fiiic-ide is given. —
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 2T-F. H. Norton,
found drowned at Redondo, may be
George H. Coburn of Coronado. He left
home last Friday, leaving a note for hiH
wife, in which he said he was going away
and would never return. He is known to
have made inquiries about passage on a
steamer for northern points and has not
■Ince been heard of. lie was C3 years old.
DUNSMUIR DEFIES UNION
MEN IN HIS EMPLOY
Gives Way to Anger When a Com
mittee Visits Him to State a
Grievance.
NANAIMO, Dee. 23.— War Ih on In earn
et«t now between Premier Dunsmulr of
Hrltlxh Columbia and the union men at
the extension mines. When u. committee
from the union vblted the Premier to-day
with n Klutemciw of Its grtavuncoN the
coal magnate- lost all control of himself
ami pnvuffcly excorlntetl the miner*.
"Vou anil your union can ko to hell."
wan his Jlnal remark to the committee.
Kor weeks there ha? been trouble at lh«
Extension mines. The RrlevanceH of the
miner* were added to when tho mln« oill
rlal* decided to pny the men at Lady
i-mltli, fifteen miles away. This necessi
tated the loss of a day while thn men were
waiting for a return train, after traveling
the fifteen miles for their money. They
held a meeting and decided to strike if they
were not paid at Kxtension. A committee
was Pent to notify Premier Dunsmulr of
this decision.
No action has been taken by the union
since the torrid reception accorded the
committee, but it is believed that a strike,
is inevitable.
Sale of a Railroad.
PASADENA, Dec. 23.-The William R.
Staats Company, together with Pasadena,
Los Angeles and Ventura capitalists, has
purchased a railroad which runs from
Ventura into the Ojal Valley toward
Nordhoff. The road was known as the
Ventura nnd Ojal Valley Railroad. Its
new owners, who have water and land
Interests in the neighborhood, propose to
extend it later to Santa Paula.
Large Derrick Collapses.
MARTINEZ. Dec. 23.-The large derrick
used for hoisting and unloading the gran
ite blocks from the cars at the site of the
new courthouse building came down with
a crash this morning. • John Lucy, a
workman who was attending to the guy
rope, was struck and badly bruised. His
left arm was broken in three places. Two
other workmen were slightly hurt.
Wins Race Against Flames.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 23.— Coming down
Tres Pinos grade to-day Engineer Lynch
of train. 45 discovered two carloads of hay
on fire. Cutting off the passenger coaches
Lynch, made a' three-mile run to' Hollister
in four minutes, and with a' flying switch
landed the cars in the town limits, where
the fire department extinguished the
flames and saved the cars.
'Marries on Her Death-Bed.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 23.— Alvin Goff and
Alice Patterson were married at midnight
on Saturday. The young lady \ was ill
with appendicitis. Following the cere
mony a surgical operation was performed
from the effects of which death resulted
a few hours later.
Struck by a Train.
POINT RICHMOND. Dec. 23. -William
Newkirk, residing at 529 Sacramento
street, San Francisco, was struck by the
Santa Fe limited train this morning and
badly cut on the head. He was sent to
the railroad hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
IMPRESSIVELY PLACE THE OFFICERS
OF OCCIDENTAL LODGE IN OFFICE
Masons Participate in Brilliant Event in Fraternity's Temple,
I Which Is Followed by Presentation of a Jewel to the
. Retiring Master and a Banquet at the California Hotel
T 'HE "elected" and appointed officers
of Occidental Lodge of Free and
Accepted' Masons' were obligated
and Installed Into their respective
stations in the Masonic Temple
last evening in" the presence of a' large
number of members and visitors. The in
stallation ceremony was conducted by
the retiring- master, George "W. Drew,
assisted, by R. H. Countryman, past mas
ter, who was the marshal of ceremonies;.
The new officials were inducted into of
fice with unusual impressiveness, and
music was given between charges by the
Occidental Lodge quartet. After the cere
monies were closed the marshal of cere
monies in an eloquent speech on behalf
of the lodge presented to the retiring
master a magnificent jewel of his rank
in the craft. The' new officers who are to
serve for the current Masonic year are:
Charles H. Murphy, worshipful master; '
James A. Snook,- senior warden; Kdward C.
I.andls, junior warden; Charles I.,. Haskell,
treasurer; Walter U. Anderson, secretary; Dr.
Thurlow S. Miller, marshal; Byron G. Mantle,
senior deacon; William V. Bryan, junior dea
con; Robert A. Wise, senior steward; Samuel
II. Clawson, junior steward, and C. O. Schnoor,
tyler. . - . ■
Colonel Murphy, the new worshipful
master, is principal of the Commercial
High School. He was recently elected
potentate of Islam Temple of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine, which
will next year receive and entertain the
imperial potentate of thut order and oth
ers* who are coming hero to attend the
Imperial Templo Hesslon, He has also
been identified with the National Guard
of this State, Tho lodgo over which ho
1h to preside wus chnrtered In 1852, and
next May will celebrate it« centennial
unnlvemiry. its mombprphlp is !U3
frnters.
After tho installation and novernl con
gratulatory remitrkH there wna an ad
journment to tin- liiiKt- dining hall of tho
California Hull, which wuh ilocoriitod
with red, which reiiroiientH tho chapter
branch of tho fraternity, mid blue, roprti
nciulnK tho blue lodge: American ilagx In
iirnfuMlon nnd lmlniH and forim. At tho
head of the hall In 11 bed of fernH* hIioihi
the Mymbollc U on comiuiHH and nqviare.
In recponifip to thn enlls of tho tonnt
mnster Bumticl M, HhorttiilKo. responded
to th(» "Democracy of Mimonry," Senator
H. V. Mnrehoupp to "The Philosophy oC
MMHonry" und K. It. Taylor, J. YV. An
tlfrnon, cx-Stnte. Supciinteiulnnt of
Schools, nnd Colonel Murphy delivered
Bplrltflil nddrcsseH. In the course of thrt
evening there were ltiHtrumentHl music
nnd vocal peleetlons by Wlllium MacDon
aid and the lodge quartet. '■,
CHRISTMAS TREE
FOR THE MINERS
Treadwell Employes to
s Have a Holiday
Festival.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 23.— The greatest Christ
mas tree ever seen in Alaska is being
made ready for to-morrow evening in one
of the largest buildings of the Treadwcll
mines, on Douglas Island. Each one of
the hundreds of miners employed by the
Treadwell Company has Voluntarily con
tributed $1 toward the tree and the pres
ents Which adorn it. The Treadwell Com
pany will make a liberal contribution.
Superintendent McDonald originated the
idea and has had charge of the prepara
tions.
On thetree will be hung at least one
GRAIN COFFEE
Do you know that three-quarters
of all the world's headaches are the
result of using tea and coffee ?
So physicmns say.
Quit them and the headaches
quit. *
Grain-O has the coffee taste but
no headaches.
All grocer*: 15c. and 25c.
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF OCCIDENTAL LODGE OF MASONS
WHO WERE INDUCTED INTO OFFICE IN THE MASONIC TEMPLE
IN AN IMPRESSIVE MANNER LAST NIGHT.
Tho members present at the banquet
were :
F. P. Ashworth. n. F. Ueldon. W. n. Burner.
J, II. lliillork, \V. U, ll«rry, \V. 10. Italcom, F.
13. linker. V s . J. JUHfti Jr., V. Hronwrn, A. N.
llrown, J. H. Crowell, Henry llurner. H. II.
Huuiion. It. II. Countryman, C H. Cnpp. <•'.
.1. Conifly, It. N. Cnmin, A. It. Crook»hunk.
F. A, Cnwey, w. .1. Clay**, .T. 1«\ Clark, II.
A. Crave, II. V. Dllltnan, W. W. Davis, K. «},
DnnUton, Uportii' A. Dorr, It. D. DhvI», W, It.
Drown, N. J, i(, |)«vl<loon. Di\ William t-M
wukK .). H. Kwi'D, «1. T. KUeh^r. 1». P. Flint.
.1. C. KIlXftlmmoiM, W. .V. Kronen, John l«Vu
}><m, Vv. I!. Kramer, A. K. Oraupncr, J. Orwn.
V\\ U Oownll, N. It. Illekman, J. T. Hnriue*,
p. A. llurkor. B. K. Illn.top. ,t. O.MUrrli, 6.
N. Hull, H. R. lloppn. II. J'. Hooper, C, H.
Hunter. C. L. Hnatall, .(. A. Hnste. E. K.
Hnwklnn; J. H. Hmly, C Halvemon. Curtis
IJI'lyer. J. W. D. .lennen. Oorne It. King, O.
II. Klumpp, <;. P. Kllngaard, A. C. Lnurance.
A. K. I-cnvlu, John knekmnnn. Chnrles L.y
man, I-. H. I,oop, t>. Lambert, 13. Lander*, J.
present for every child on Douglas Isl
and. A juvenile entertainment will be
given, and it Is expected that several
thousand persons will be present. Invita
tion has been extended to the inhabitants
or Juneau. An immense fir tree will be
profusely decorated and illuminated, and
a Santa Claus will distribute the gifts.
Stanford Team Training Hard.
PASADENA, Dec. 23.-The Stanford
eleven is hard at work here putting the
finishing touches on .its training for the
contest with Michigan on New Year's
day. Since the game with the Wolverines
was decided upon Stanford has been in
strict training and should be in perfect
condition when the meeting takes place.
Captain Fisher gives the men light work
at the practice grounds near the Hotel
Green every afternoon, and the varsity
seems to be in good form. The weather
Is clear and warm and if it continues so
will prove less trying to the California
team than to the -players just out of the
severe weather in the East.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The following
Calif orrtians are in New York: From San
Francisco— S. Caro, at Heralfl Square: A.
Clauvet, B. Wood, at Murray Hill; Miss
Earle, at Union Square; E. D. Hirshfel
der, at Savoy; F. J. Hunt and wife, at
Navarre; G. A. Knight, H. H. Lannen
berger, G. R. Robinson, at Imperial; YV.
J. Way te, Miss M. Wayte, at Hoffman;
F. Long, Rossmore; H. S. Norton, at
Belvidere; A. H. Landsberger, at Holland.
From Los Angeles— C. Bowker, at Her
ald Square; T. O'Neill, at Manhattan, R.
A. Rowan, at Imperial.
Krnttschnitt Returns.
Julius Kruttschnitt, assistant to Presi
dent Harriman of the Southern Pacific
Company, returned yesterday from the
East and is at his home at Menlo Park.
He. came up on the coast division and
did not visit his offices in the city yester
day, but it is expected that he will be at
bis desk bright and early this morning.
Mr. Kruttschnitt has been away from the
city about' six weeks. During that time
he spent some time with E. H. Har
riman In New York. On his way back
he returned . via New Orleans,, and,
in fact, inspected the entire system
of the Southern Pacific Company.
McManui, J. J. MaEwen, C. N. Miller, F. Mo-
F, 8. Loop, I). Lamb«rt, W. Landera, J, Mo
ManiiH, J. J. McKwon, C. N. Miller. V. Mo
itnwiin, II. F. Miller. K. II. Murrlll, \\\ K.
Moblty, W. J. Nixon. \V. II. Miller. N. »'.
l'oltrnon, J. U Prior, .1. II, Hoboruon. T.
Helchcrt. T. IlhlllnKton, !•'• H»le», \V. H, hob-
Ha. .1. II. Uniipntnrn, 11. I* Knit, O. W. lUeh«
nrriiun, H. Itmiovlch. hyfor* HlnolHlr, W. A.
Smith, M, Slirlilrn, M. .1, Suvhk*. V, V. Pher
innn, U. \V. Hrnlth, W. Hcott, C. Sl^ptr, J. «'.
Hklnner, J. W. Hohnuton, It. \\\ Unborn. D.
Suter, II. Thornton. K. H. Tucker. K. J, Tynon.
II. li. TU'kntr. \V. T. Ifook. H. Tr»vor. 0.
II. V«n Murle. b. Wsdhsm. W. E. Mit.lmli.
\V. II. WiUklna, W. A. WlllUm*. A. T. War
ren. C. W«ti«n, W. U Warren. 1». A. Wltc and
O. .t. Wlll<\v.
The visitors were:
Alfred 8. l«auc», W. Olnnn. C. J. Hall. f< K.
Ovfnrurd, K. E. Hollopftrr. A. \V. Tur'pln.
llicddorn Oetty, Peter T. narclay, H. J. Klelev.
!?' \ { - £?\. Ior ' •U. yX - An.ler.on. K. U. Stoddard.
B. A. Bishop, W. H. Scholl, C. II. Weors and
George II. Slebfl.
RAILWAY GUESTS
MEET DISASTER
Coaches Are Overturned
on^ North Pacific
\ Coast Line.
Special Dissatch to Tha Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 23,-Only by great
good fortune did a party of guests of the
marfagement of the North Pacific Coadt
Railroad Company escape from death or
serious injury near DuncanB Milla on Sat
urday. The palace car and the Country
Club car were derailed and turned over
on their sides. Among the passengers
were Chauncey Wlnslow, a director of the
road; Roadmaster D. E. Baker, John
Martin, president of the California Gas
and Electric Company, and several others
whose names could not be ascertained
Th f £ art i? *■<£? ln chares of Superintend!
ent E. H. Shoemaker. It is said that
President John B. Stetson was one of the
number, but this is denied by Mr. Shoe
maker.
The accident was caused. It is said bv
a defective rail. The .officials deny that
any one was injured. A wrecking crew
and several engines left Sausallto on Sat
urday evening and. cleared the tracks
Russia Will Modify Her Demands.
PEKING. Dec. 23.-Paul Lessar. the
Russian Minister to China, has requested
the . Chinese plenipotentiaries, Prince
Chang and Wang Wen Shao. to present
their objections to the Manchurian treaty
(which was discussed here between M
Lessar and the Chinese representative
last Saturday) In writing for transmission
to his Government. The Ministers of the
foreign powers who oppose this treaty
consider this request to be a sign that
Russia is willing to modify her demands
JOKE MAY COST
THIS MAN'S LIFE
Railroad Mechanic . Is
"Wounded by Torpedo
Explosion.
Rides on Pilot of an Engine
When It Passes Over
uxlO \j cLr ujTI Cl^ p>
Special Disratch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 23.— H. H. Kerrick,
master mechanic in the Southern Pacific
yards In Tracy, -was the victim of an un
usual accident yesterday. He was work
inr on the pilot of a locomotive as it was
being moved slowly out of the round
house. Suddenly there was a loud report
and he fell off the pilot. It was found
that a piece of metal flange had entered
his right leg just above the knee and
plowed its way upward for a distance of
four inches. It was so deeply imbedded
that it was found impossible to remove
it. During the day the pain increased.
A physician said an operation was neces
sary. Kerrick was accordingly put aboard
the Sacramento 'train this morning and
sent to the railroad hospital in Sacra
mento.
Some practical • Joker is supposed to
have placed a railroad torpedo on the
track, and when struck by the pilot
wneels it was discharged. There is no
clew to the culprit's identity.
EXPLOSION IN FUSE BOX
SETS FIBE TO A TRAIN
Seven Railway Employes Are Killed,
but the Passengers Escape
Serious Injury.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 23.— An explosion in
a fuse box set fixe to a train on the elec
tric overhead railway at Dingle station
to-day. Seven cf the railway employes
were killed. .
It appears that the burning train en
tered a tunnel stored with stacks of creo
soted railroad sleepers. These were also
set on fire and the tunnel became a blaz
ing furnace. The fire brigade had the
greatest difficulty in extinguishing the
flames.
Fortunately, the Dingle station la the
terminus of a railway running along the
docks, otherwise a terrible disaster would
have been recorded.
The accident occurred at 6 o'clock in
the evening. The train was packed, but
the majority of the passengers had
alighted at the previous station. Rumors
were spread that forty or fifty persons
had been killed and owing to the dense
volumes of smoke Issuing from the tun
nel it was some hours before an entrance
could be effected. Many passengers
jumped from the burning train and
rushed out of the tunnel, while others
were dragged out by their fellow travel
ers in a half suffocated condition.
Among the dead are the station fore
man, a signal boy and the driver and
guard of the train. The station buildings
were much damaged. Apparently no pas
sengers were killed, but it is possible that
other bodies may be recovered later
SPECIAL CHRISTMAS MUSIC
IN CATHOLIC CHURCHES
Choirs Will Be Augmented and Sea
sonable Selections Will Be
Rendered.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— There will be
special services in all of the Catholic
churches on Christmas day and in every
case the music will be arranged to accord
with the festival.
At the Church of the Immaculate Con»
ception an augmented choir and orchestra
of sixty performers will, at the morning
service, render Haydn's Imperial mass.
The soloists will be: Mrs. George Carter
Miss Frances Shean, Miss Jeanie Allen.
Miss Lyng, Miss Morio and Miss Alice
Gregory. Others who will take part in
the musical service are George Lamb. T.
A. Mooney and Frank Flgone. Miss Flor
ence Wilkie will preside at the organ and
Adolph Gregory will conduct.
Mass will be celebrated on Christmas
day af St. Patrick's Church at 5, 5:30; 6,
6:30, 7:30. 8 and 9 a. m., and a solemn
high mass at 10:30 a. m.
The following will assist at the special
musical services of the day: Miss M
King, F. Cullen, D. Gleason, A. Qulnn,
Misses R. Walsh, M. Feehan. Emily
Finn. Mrs. E. Long, Miss K. Hanley. Mlsa
F. Champreux, Kstelle Long, Katherine
Cullen, Loretta Towne, Emily McCarty,
Margaret Sheehan, E. Flannigan. E.
Meredith, II. Long and Miss Grace Qulnn.
ABANDONS AT.T, SPECIAL
BATES ,F0B TBAVELEBS
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The Oakland
Transit Company announces tho fol
lowing schedule of fares on Its lines af
ter January 1:
Oakland to Klmhurot or San LeanAro,
10 centH; Oakland to San Lorenxo or Ash<
tund, 15 cents; Oakland to llayward*. .<)
cents: Klmhurnt to Ban Lorenxo, 10 re.nta;
Han l.t'iiiulrn to San Lorenzo, 5 cents.
In nmklnv this schedule tho compuny
announce that all round trip rate*, and
commutation tickets of all description,
will in- canceled.
1 Tho reduction la apparent only on tho
face. The comtnutem who have been rid
inn between 8nn Leandro or Klmhurnt
tuiil Oakland will havo to pay double tho
fare heretofore charged.
llstwecn Hnywardu und Oakland tho
commuted rate monthly has been $.">. For
the. Minn ride* $13 will now be, charged.
Tho Elmhurnt nnd Fltehburff residents
who expected a five-cent fare are also
sufferers, for they will now pay 10 cents
a trip Instead of nix and two-thirds cents
on family 'coupon books as heretofore
Issued.
The onh' reduction that benefits pat
rons of tho road Is that between Oak
land and San Leandro or Haywards, the
through fare being cut 10 cents.
BEAN SPROUTS IN
A SCHOOLBOY'S EAB
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Max Tochner. a
13-year-old school boy living- at 686 Fifth
street, was to-day taken by his mother
to the Receiving Hospital to have a
sprouting bean removed from his ear.
The bean was planted in the boy's ear
three months ago. The youngster had
witnessed a sleight-of-hand performance
and the bean plant was deposited In an
attempt by ths boy to pass it from his
ear to his knee.
The trick failed. The bean remained' in
the ear. The boy said nothing until the
acute pain, caused by the bean's expan
sion, forced from him a confession.
I The vegetable was removed and tha
pain ceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSTETTEffc
M CELEBRATED **O
; On the first indication that your stom-
ach is out of order, you should trv the
.Bitters. It will strengthen your digestive
jorgans and cure " *;.,-•••
Slek Headache, Flatulency, Indi-
gestion and Dyspepsia.
Obtains copy of " Hostetter's Almanac
; from your druggist, free.
WOMAN CHECKS
JAIL DELIVERY
Holds Fourteen Prison
ers at Bay With a
Revolver.
-'■.}';■■,;>■ v :.-.■'
Criminals Are Foiled After
n Overcoming Sheriff and
Jailer.
Sueclal Dispatch to The Call.
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. Dec. 21— All
that prevented fourteen prisoners break
ins out of the Walla Walla County Jail
last night was the pluck of Susan Kees,
backed up by a Colt's revolver. Sfcyis
tne Sheriff's wife, and as an overpowefrfc!
jailer and her crippled husband were
about .to yield to the prisoners she ap
peared with the revolver and forced them
back into their cells. To-night the plucky
woman was presented with a silver water
pitcher, cup and spoon by friends in rec
ognition of her bravery. Judge Thomas
Brents made the presentation speech.
Cool in the hour of danger. Mrs. Kees al
most broke down when her reward came.
The mutiny occurred as the prisoners
■were being put into their cells for the
night. Before Jailer Malone could fasten
the door "Jack" Anderson, a giant out
law waiting trial for shooting cattle,
sprang upon him, assisted by Peri-y West,
tne alleged bigamist; Neah McKean and
others. Malone hung to the door whllo
Sheriff Kees, whose right arm is in a
sling from a gunshot wound, endeavored
from the outside to push it shut. Both
were giving, way when Mrs. Kees ap
peared with a cocked revolver. Sho ran
toward the door and declared she would
flre upon the prisoners if thev did not fall
back. They tumbled out of the way and
the Jailer succeeded in slamming the door
shut and locking- it.
HOUSE COMMITTEE TO
REPORT A CANAL BILL
Congressman Coombs Says It Will
Conflict With the Morgan
Measure.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 23.— Congressman
Frank L. Coombs of Napa arrived in t*ls
city thia morning from Washington^;}
spend the holidays. Coombs said the Cal
ifornia delegation had been working as a
unit in the endeavor to bring about the
re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
law, and expressed the opinion that a
great majority of the members of Con
gress were in favor of maintaining the
barrier against the Asiatic invasion.
Coombs said also that the Commerce
Committee of the House, of which he is
a member, would report a bill to be pre
sented on January 9. 1302, favoring tho
construction of the Nicaragua canal at a
maximum depth oS thirty-five feet, tha
details of construction and the procuring
of right of way to be left solely to the
President of the United States. Thl3 pro
posed bill is in conflict with Senator Mor
gan's measure, which provides for a com
mission to pass upon these points.
Referring to the construction of a Pa
cific cable Coombs said he feared the pub
lic sentiment was too vigorously opposed
to the Government undertaking such an
enterprise to permit of the carrying out
of a scheme of national ownership.
Gold Ring May Clear Mystery.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— A plain gold
band on a finger of the man found dead
In a secluded ravine in Griffith Park last
Monday is clearing up that mystery- It
has supplied a clew that leads to the be
lief that the body was that of F. Pedery^
son. who disappeared from his rooms in
a North Broadway lodsing-house In thia
city six weeks ago. The ring bears an
inscription on its inner side and 'he en
graved words "From Addie to Flo." Pe
tlerson's first name is said to have been
one of which "Flo" was an abbreviation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Wins and Wears
/"The rich natural flavor of
/«3 .-.- \ :-"', - \ : .-\ >* * plcjsjnt
f'- 1 - 'i T K'i vj"-'il remembrance- . 4
blJ^JLjJ/\5Sa 1* wins «nd wearj.
e3( JPR )H If 8lwj V* delights
i V^s->-lv ' anc * never diup'
Ha»&j^g^§| points. It never
BjMiilttI*E^iiUl lowc " h* high »tJiv
K^Tnjffl2T3Vsjj durd of quality. It
KsJyJ&rWn i Jill " '^ c charm of hos-
pitality and the tonic
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION' CO.. Inc.
223-225 California at.. San * -anclsco, Cal.
Telephone Main S7U.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline) Water
SSO BROADWAY. N. T. "
ROOFIN^ SLATE.
We are prepared to furnish unexcelled black,
also Kray. rooflns? slate, manufactured at our
quarries !n El Dorado County. We invite com-
parison with any Eastern slate.
On application full Information will be fur-
nished Intending builders.
EUREKA SLATE CO.
Room 15. Second Floor. Mills Building.
San Francisco. Cal.
DR. DALL'S REINVlGORATORgfJjgl
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five 5Wi,"J '""g^l
hundred reward for any case w» pua BB W
cannot cure. Thia secret remedy ; m
cure* Emissions. Impotency. "^J T~>4
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Meet. Tr PJTJ|
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- !4jL |JLJ
hood and all other wasting ef- ES iBH
fects of self-abuse cr excesses. »OM ■ ■ ■« 1 — g
Sent scaled $2 bottle; J bottles. $0; guaranteed
to eur» anv case. Call or addresa orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITTJTE. 8a5 Broad-
Way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1QTVA
Market %t S. F. Send for freo book. -{m
Tbe Weekly Call.
$1 pep Ycap.AGREE ON MORE
IMPROVEMENTS
St. Mary's Park and Tel
graph Hill Plans in
Bond Issue.
North End Merchants Want
Eminence Graded for
Traffic.
The Board of Supervisors passed to
print yesterday an ordinace declaring
that public interest demands the acquisi
tion of lands for the building of St.
Mary's square. The block proposed to be
i^uired is bounded by St. Mary's, Du-
Pt5 t, California and Pine streets. The
amount to be raised by bond issue is fixed
at $215,000. at which figure the Board of
"Works appraised the land required to be
purchased. McCarthy, Fontana and Staf
ford voted against the ordinance.
As a preliminary to the submission to
the electors at a bond election for public
improvements, the proposition to improve
Telegraph Hill, the City Engineer was di
rected to furnish before December SO, 1901.
an estimate of cost following out the plan
outlined in the recent report of the Board
of Works of the following projects:
First — For preserving and beautifying Tele
graph Hill.
Second— For preserving the hill and treating
it from a utilitarian standpoint by facilitat
ing; approach to the water front from the
business districts.
The property owners and business men
»n the neighborhood of Telegraph Hill
hied a petition stating that the increas
ing trade in commerce will require addi
tional space on the water front, and re
quests the necessary measures to secure
the grading of the hill in the vicinity of
the wharves. The petition says:
Want Telegraph Hill Graded Down.
That in view cf our rapidly increasing
trade with the Hawaiian and Philippine Isl
ands, which will requiie much additional
f; ace on the water front, we consider that
the interests of the commerce of this city and
Its future prosperity would be jeopardized Uy
U>7 action which your honorable board might
tnke to step the grading down of Telegraph
mil to some uniform grade, whereby the said
10 perty could then be utilized for the in
cT.ase of business facilities of the water
:ror.t cf £an Francisco.
That four new wharves are about to be
built between Lombard end Union streets and
six additional wharves between Kearny and
Lcrr.bard streets are soon to be built by the
Board of Harbor Commissioners, requiring the
use of additional space in the neighborhood
.or warehouses, etc.. and that work on a solid
pier. lOOtt feet long by 400 feet wide, is soon
to be started by the Harbor Commissioners at
the foot of Kearny street, for which work the
rock frcm the hill can be used to great ad-
Ya-r.tase.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation petitioned that the two proposi
tions—one comprising the improvement of
the appearance and the preservation of
the hill, and the other the making of ad
ditional level streets at its base— be sepa
rated in the proposed call for a bond is
sue. The association says it has secured
expert testimony to the effect that the
hill is of no value as a windbreak for the
protection of shipping along the water
front.
Extension of Folsom Street.
The Board of Works was requested to
recommend the most feasible plan and
file an estimate of the cost to extend Fol
som street to Cortland avenue, in order
to afford direct communication between
Eernal Heights and the center of the city
The petition of the Bay View and Uni
versity Mound Improvement Club that th^
sum of $40,000 be included in the bond is
» Fue to put streets in the southeastern sec
p:ion of the city in good condition was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
The Santa Fe Railway Company was
granted permission to alter grades on
streets in the Potrero on its filing an
agreement to maintain a footway on In
diana street. Captain A. H. Pason. vice
•president of the company, took occasion
to thank the board for the privileges
granted, which will result in great im
provement to the city.
The Richmond District Improvement As
sociation sent a communication to the
board commending it for condemning the
waters of Lobos Creek, and praising the
efforts of Supervisor D'Ancona, chairman
of the Health Committee, for his conduct
of the investigation.
An ordinance was referred to the Street
Committee ordering the repaving with
bitumen of Valencia street, between Mar
ket and Eighteenth, at a cost of $28,300.
An ordinance was amended to read that
the roadway cf no street shall be accept
ed unless it be paved with basalt blocks,
bituminous rock cr asphalt on a concrete
foundation, with paving brick on sand or
concrete foundation, or with cobblestones.
C. H. Hill Sued.
Th«? Pabst Brewing Co. filed a suit
against C. H. Hill, proprietor of Hill's
Theater, corner of Powell and Ellis
streets, for $500 due for rent and to com
pel Hill to give up his lease of the place.
The styles OC3
I ; Yesterday we started a sale of pianos made in 1901.
[ We reduced the prices from $100 to $200 because
I i colonial effects are coming in and cases are being made entirely
I different from the way they wee made in 1001. I
1 Consequently, as we set the piano styles on this coast, we must
get rid of the patterns of ioor. j
Among the lot are Sohmers, Byron Mauzys, Lesters, Hamil-
| • tons, Spielmans and other high grade instruments.
All prices and reductions are marked in plain figures — cash or
easy payments.
; The sale is now on— come in and see, them,
j Open to-night until 10:30 o'clock.
BYRON MAUZY
> ESTABLISHED *2O YEARS
31O -312 Post St. SR
TUCAPEL AND LEELANAW DEPART
FOR CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA
Both Carry Very Large Cargoes but not Many Passengers.
The Former Goes Direct to the Isthmus, but the Latter
Stops at Way Ports to Land Valuable Consignments
THE REVENUE CUTTERS BEAR AND McCULLOCH GAMMING IN RICHARDSONS BAT. THE FORMER GOES
TO MARE ISLAND TO HAVE A NEW ELECTRIC LIGHT PLANT INSTALLED, SO SHE TRANSFERRED
HER STORES TO THE OTHER VESSEL. . .
THE South American steamship
Tucapel sailed for Valparaiso
and way ports, while the Pan
ama Railroad Company's Leela-
naw sailed for Panama direct,
yesterday. Both vessels had all thu
freight they could pack. They were also
delayed, but from different reasons. Cap
tain" Moftatt of the Tucapel was again
arrested for violating the immigration
laws, but gave bonds to appear in court
next February, while the Leelanaw was
held by late freight, ihe passengers on
the Tucapel were;
Montague Kirkwood, Mrs. M. Kirkwood,
T Nakamura. T. H. Stevenson, A. Sandoval,
G. Castro, Luis G. Marton, Domingo Salinas.
Mrs. Domingo Salinas and servant, T. J. Cer
na T. K. Sullivan, E. F. Roderick, A.
Thompson Rei. J. St. C. Hunt, Mrs. J. St.
C Hunt, J. Twcmey. Michael Sanderson, A.
Seegmiller. J. J. Waugh, Leo von Rosenberg,
Dr G. L Helms, P. L. Williamson, Bland
Brodnax, Dr. William Green, A. Kempscn
and wife, Mr. Ritter, T. W. Klingenberg,
Thomas Chalmers, E. G. Jellerton, G. A. A\ il
liams. F. \V. Berryman, Luis Minzer, John
Silvera, John Garcia, W. Bruce, J. D. Simp
son, A. McClay and Charley Wilson.
Thompson Rei, who went away on the
Tucapel. was Chilean Minister at Yoko
hama and is now going home on a visit.
He will bring his wife and family back
with him to San FYancisco. Montague
Kirkwood is the legal afcviser of the Japa
nese Government and he goes to Guate
mala to confer with the Japanese Minis
ter there on emigration matters. J. St.
Clair Hunt goes to Panama in the inter
ests of the Panama Railroad Company.
He was formerlv a purser in the employ
of the Pacific Mail Company. J.
Twomey is going to Central America to
look after some mining interests.
The passengers on the Leelanaw were:
W. J. and A. Linton, John P. McCarthy,
D. O. Connell, A. Manbert, William M. C.
Bond. Charles C. Harris, J. H. Holmes, Mrs.
H. E. Sturcke, George H. Buckley, Bernard
Donaghy, J. Collum, Feliz Cramer, Mat Zus
sala. George Sykes, Ed McGuire, C. C. Chase,
Arthur Mudge, Peter Simonds, Albert J. Nick
elaus, George Davis and G. S. Clark.
HAS A NAEROW ESCAPE.
French Bark Connetable de Biche
mont Spring's a Leak in Midocean.
The French bark Connetable de Riche
mont had a narrow escape in midocean
and came into port with her captain at
the point of death. The vessel conies
here from Cardiff with 3000 tons of coal
consigned to Balfour, Guthrie & Co. From
the time of leaving port bad weather was
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
experienced, and when eight days out
the vessel sprang a leak. This was on
October 1, and for nearly a month the
crew had to pump one hour in every four
in order to keep the vessel clear. Then
the leak was located and the rivets made
fast. In the meantime Captain Thoreux
had to take to his bed, thorouhgly worn
out. Since then he has been gradually
growing worse and Mate Ceuley brought
the ves-sel into port. As soon as the an
chor was down Captain Thoreux was re
moved to the French Hospital.
Clamped Button to Her Finger.
Rose Brady, a young miss of 16, was
treated at the Harbor Hospital for a pe
culiar accident yesterday. She works \n
an overall factory' near the water front
and was engaged in putting buttons on
the garments. The work is done by ma
chinery, as the buttons, instead of being
sewed on, are clamped. Rose was talking
to one of her fellow workers and not pay
ing attention to her work. In consequence
her linger with a button in it got under
the machine and then came the catastro
phe. Miss Brady's finger was securely
buttoned and it took the doctor at the
hospital nearly half an hour to cut it out.
Outside of the nervous shock the young
lady is not seriously injured.
"Water Front Notes.
The Blackbraes, now out 112 days front
Table Bay for Portland, has been posted
as overdue and 10 per cent is being paid
on her.
■ The Anglla, now out 170 days from New
castle, Australia, for Panama, is quoted
at 90 per cent.
The Robert Duncan, now out 84 days
from Wei-Hai-Wei for Puget Sound,
is quoted at 60 per cent, and the Earl
Cadogan, now out 176 days from Antwerp
for Port Los Angeles, has been posted as
overdue and 10 per cent is being paid on
her.
The shipping community now considers
the wreck of the San Rafael a menace to
navigation. She Is now in sixteen fath
oms of water, and the French bark Con
netable de Richemont came near anchor-
Ing on top of the wreck.
The work of pumping out the C. F.
Sargent is nearly completed, and the
chances are that the vessel will dock at
Rosenfeld's bunkers to-fiay. It is not
thought that the hull was seriously dam
aged by the fire.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival to load wheat for Europe:
The French bark Cassard at 35s; the Gene
vieve Molinos. 35s Cd, if barley 36s; the
Hoche, 41s 3d; the Invercauld, 32s 6d; the Im
berhome, 37s «d; the Narcissus and the Strath
don, 33s; the ZIlia, 37s 6d; the Marechal
Suchet (at Tacoma), 35s; the Glenlui (at Pert
land), 3os 9d; the Alsterkamp (at Tacoma),
41s 3d; the Avenger (at Tacoma). 38s 9d, with
option of South Africa; the Craigerne (terms
private).
The ship Kennebec is chartered prior to ar
rival to load lumber and spars on Puget
Sound for Boston (lump sum).
The schooner W. H. Marston and the barks
S. C. Allen and Mauna Ala will load mer
chandise at this port for Honolulu.
Exports of Grain.
The British ship Clackmannanshire was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown, for orders,
with 52.0SC ctls wheat, valued at $40,939, and
10,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at ?240.
The British ship Hinemoa was also cleared
for Queenctown for orders with 7S.753 ctls
wheat, valued at $86,470, and 22,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at iJ.'WO.
The British ship Principality cleared for the
same port with 43,715 ctls barley, \-alued at
$:5O,5OO, 13,510 ctls wheat, valued at $14,185,
and 18,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at
$270. .
The German ship Siam. which also cleared
for Queenstown for orders,, carried 55,475 ctls
wheat, valued at $55,475, and 24,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $383.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatilla, which sailed yester
day for Victoria, carried merchandise for Brit
ish Columbia valued at $7307 and some canned
salmon for the Eastern States. The principal
shipments to British Columbia were as fol
lows: 8!)24 lbs dried fruit, 1000 lbs raisins
54 gals wine, 18 pkgs groceries and provisions'
istiO lba millstuffs, 20 pkga hardware, 50 cs
whisky, 2 pkgs machinery, 25,890 lbs malt
33 pkgs steel, 840 lbs nuts, 0 pkgs vehicles
102 bdls paper, 25 cs baking powder 2832
lbs bread. BO cs fuse, 10 pkgs ammunition,
ii-, c ? 1 . ca £ ned ?°? ds> 17S lbs coffee. 1 cs brandy,
163 lbs hops. 341 pkgs fruit, 6 pkgs vegetables
7 cs honey, 3050 lbs butter, 57 pkgs paste.
The shipments of canned salmon to tin
Eastern States were as follows:
To Springfield— 793 cs, valued at $3172.
To Cincinnati— ."50 cs, valued at $2200
The Tucapel's Cargo.
The steamer Tucapel sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $G0,687, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $l(i,445; Central Amer
ica, $7381; Panama, $--«07; South America,
$21,454; Hamburg, Germany, $12,100. The
principal exports were as follows:
To Mexico— 10,088 lbs soda, 11 pkgs machin
ery. 200. flasks quicksilver, (i bbls cement 242
lbs spices, 222 lbs bread, 205 lbs nuts, 20 kegs
nails, 15 coils wire, 38 pkgs hardware. 520
bdls shooks. 237 lbs raisins. 4 cs carined
goods, 17 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2 cs
drugs, fiO pkga beer, 4 bdls leather, 120 pkgs
steel, 1030 ft lumber, 514 gals wine, 37 crs
potatoes,- 5 tons coal, 260 lbs meal, 408 bdls
paper. : , .
To Central America — 1200 bbls flour, 39 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 23 cs . canned goods
327 lbs ham, 100 lbs sago, 4 cs wine 1300 lbs
raisins, 989 ft lumber, 400 lbs dried fruit, 120
lbs bread, 468 lbs spices, 257 , lbs cheese 151
crs potatoes, 3 kegs nails, 3 pkgs paints and
oils, 100 lbs nuts, 400 lbs meals,' 25 cs beer
6 bdls leather.
To Panama — 570 bbls flour, 1590 lbs beans 20
crs potatoes. 10 cs salmon, 500 cs soap 0821
lbs sugar, 30 cs coal oil.
To Ecuador — 250 bbls flour, 14 cs canned
goods. 0 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1755
gals 12 cs wine. 1 cs drugs, 30 bdls brooms.
To Peru — 500 bbls flour,' 900 lbs lard, 58 cs
canned" goods. 2-18 lbs raisins, 64tj cs salmon,
6 pkgs groceries and provisions,- 22 cs codfish
5 cs 4624 lbs dried fruit, 1 cs 105 gals wine.
3000 railroad ties, 49 pkgs machinery, 33.S01
lbs tallow, 20 drums acid, 7857 lbs shrimps.
„ To Chile — 807 bbls flour, 21 cs assorted
canned goods, 1200 cs canned salmon, • 1 pkg
groceries and provisions, 1000 lbs codfish. ,$00
bbls oil.
To Hamburg, Germany — 128,310 lbs coffee,
j 2550 bbls asphaltum.
Notice to Manners.
OFF POINT ARGUELLO WHISTLING BUOY.
Notice is hereby given .that this buoy, paint
ed red and marked "Pt. A." In white, stationed
about one and a quarter miles WSW. ofl Point
Arguello light station, eea^oast of California,
recently reported adrift, has been permanently
discontinued.
(L.. H. B. bulletin No. 120, par. 127.)
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 14.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
N. H. FARQUHAR,
Rear Admiral U. S. Navy, Chairman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
'-,: '■■_ , Monday, December 23.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 35 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, 00 hours from Seattle
fatnir Scotia, Walvig,_ll hours from Bowens
Landins.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson,* 68 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound to San Pedro; put In to
land passengers.
Stmr City o£ Puebla, Jepsen, 56 hours from
Victoria, etc.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, SO hours from Ta
coma. ,
Stmr Chico, Jensen, 08 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 78 hours.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Br bark Invercoe, Lewis, 146 days from Liv
erpool.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen, 48 hours from Eureka.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Larsen, 13 hours from
Moss Landln™.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sjageen, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday, December 23.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe. Panama; Panama
R R & S S Line.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Scenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons. ■ *
Chil stmr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Principality, Lewis, Qutenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Clackmannanshlre, Thomson,
Queenstown; C Cerkel.
Br ship Hinemoa, Walker, Queenstown; Ep
rjinser & Co.
Ger ship Siam, Garlich, Queenstown; L
Kauftman.
SAILED.
Monday, December 23.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Chll stmr TiicaDel, Molten, Valparaiso, etc.
Br ship Miltiades, Gambell, Queenstown.
Schr Bessie K, Peterson, Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Dec 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Conetable de Richmont, from Swansea.
Dec 22 — On Nov 19, at 5 p m, in lat 13 15 S
lone 104 W, saw Ger ship Aliterkamo. The
captain took sick Nov 3 and he has been con
fined to his room since. Dec 2, lat 14 32 N
long 122.47 W. we saw a ship which showed
the letters A R C F.
Per Br bark Invercoe. from Liverpool. Dec
23 — On Nov 18, lat 20 S, long 95 W, C. Ander-j,
eon, able seaman, died from heart disease and
was buried at sea. He was a native of Ber
gen, Norway, aged 39 years.
DOMESTIC PORTS^
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed 'Dec 23— Stmr
Ruth, for San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr
Ruth, hence Dec 21; stmr Samoa, from San
Dieso.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 22— Brig
Courtney Ford, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Dolphin
from Skagway; Br ship Oopack, from Yoko
hama. 2:; — Stmr Edith, hence Dec 19
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 22— Ger bark Al
sterkamp, from Hamburg.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr John S
Kimball, from San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Dee 21 Schr
Wm Ktnton. from New Whatcom.
NEAH BAY — Passed in Dec 23— Stmr John
S Kimball, hence Dec 20 for Seattle
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 22.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr laqua. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Lyman D Foster, frm
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Dec 23— Chll bktn
Hawaii, for Cane Town.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec* 23 Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 20.
■ GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 23 Stmr
Newburg, hence Dec 19; schr Laura Madsen
hence IZ>ec 15. ■ '
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 23, 1:15 p m—
Stmr Hyades, from Seattle for San Francisco;
2:15 t) m — Stmr Arctic, from San Pedro for
Fort Brag::.
PORTLAND — Arrived Dec 23 Bark See
stem, from Mazatlan: ship Liardowie from
Cape Town: bark Formosa, from San Dieeo
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Elder, for San Fran
cisco; schr J M Colman, for San Francisco
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 23— Br ship Mare
chal Suchet, from Valparaiso; Br bark Cam
brian Chieftain, from Valparaiso; Br ship
Avenser, from San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 23 — Ger bark Ber
tha, from Santos; Br ship Irby, from Fre
mantle; schr Alcalde, hence Dec 14.
Sailed Dec 23— Stmrs Alliance and Fulton,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec. 23 — Stmr
Noyo. hence Dec 20.
NEAH BAY — Passed in Dec 2.1— Stmr Tel
lus. hence Dec 20 for Oyster Harbor; stmr
Czarina, hence Dec 20 for Seattle; schr Min
nie A Caine, hence Dec 13 for Chemainua.
Passed out— Stmr Pleiades, From Comox, B C,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 23— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 20; schr Henry Wilson,
hence Dec 12.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Pedro.
>:i*:.. EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Ore
gonian,- from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN BENITO — Sailed Dec 20 — Ger stmr Nl
caria, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec " 22— Br stmr
Doric, hence Dec 3. ' • . - .
LONDON. Dec 21— Ger ship Alstefschwan,
previously reported aground in River Elbe, has
been floated.
FERNANDO NORONHA— Passed Dec *>2
Br etmr Cycle, hence Oct 22 for London
NANAIMO — Arrived Dec 22 — Aus stmr Ma
i . ? c ■■-:■. -.-•:•.-■ . ■
COLLINS QUITS
CASE IN ANGER
Resents Statement Made
by Maud Nevill, His
ClieniV/
She Intimates Her Attorney
Is Not . Sufficiently
Watchful. ' 7 I
The proceedings in the Cheyney main
tenance suit, which is being heard by
Judge Sloss, were brought to a temporary
close yesterday afternoon by an episode
tliat verged on the sensational. Maud
Nevill, by whom the suit was instituted,
intimated in open court that her attorney,
Gtorge D. xCollins, had been bdught by
Cheyney, the man she is suing for main
tenance. .'- Angered by the insinuations of
his client, Attorney Collins withdrew
from the case. Judge Sloss endeavored to
placate the irate counseli but his efforts
proved futile. The plaintiff being left
without an attorney, the case went over
until next Monday morning.
As soon as the court convened for the
afternoon session Attorney Collins arose
and addressed Judge Sloss, asking that
he be excused from further acting as Miss
Nfcvlll's attorney. In explanation of his
request he said that his client no longer
de&ired hi3 services; that she wanted At
torney Shortridge to act as her counsel.
It was in answer to her attorney's state
ment that the plaintiff made her startling
charge. She first declared that she did not
intend to dispense with Attorney Collins'
services, but that she desired to ha\£
Shortridge as an associate with Collins^
so that she might be better protected.
"That man Cheyney," she added, "would
purchase anybody." She said that At
torney Collins-had not given her sufficient
protection and that he had not offered
her any advice since the commencement
ot the trial. In making her insinuations
Miss Nevill was backed up by her mother.
The court finally consented to let Attor
ney Collins withdraw from the case and
the plaintiff was given until next Monday
to secure another attorney.
At the morning session Ira A. Smith,
proprietor of a Kearny-street lodging
house, testified that Cheyney had intro
duced Miss Nevill to Mrs. Smith as his
wife. Dr. George E. Bushnell testified
that he had been called in to treat Miss
Nevill, whom Cheyney introduced to him
as his wife.
ria, hence Dec 18; stmr San Mateo, from Port
Lkds Angeles.
.BARKY— Arrived Dec 21— Br ship Dumfries
shire, from Oregon. • •
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec ■ 1— Chil stmr
Loa, hence Oct 26.
TABLE BAY— In port Nov 13— Br ship Fan
nie Kerr, from Oregon.
PUNIN — In rort Nov -20 — Br ship Grenada,
for Oregon.
DOVER — Passed Dec 22— Br stmr Fllntshlr*.
hence Oct 4.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Ventura,
for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec . 22— Bark Alex
McNeil, from New Whatcom.
NEWCASTLE, • Aus — Sailed Dec 23 — Ship
Yosemite, for Acapulco.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Prln
zessen, from Hamburg. * :
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Lahn,
from New York for Genoa and Naples.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Trave, from Genoa and
Naples for New York.
GEXOA — Arrived Dec 22^ — Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Naples.
MORORAN — Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Palatlna,
for Portland, Or.
GLASGOW— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Mongolian,
for New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. From. Due.
Iaqua Humboldt Dec. 24
Pleiades Comox -. Dec. 25
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 25
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 25
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 2G
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 26
R. Dollar San Pedro '. Dec. 2(5
North Fork . . Humboldt Dec. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 2G
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 26
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 20
Point Arena . . Point Arena Dec. 26
Australia Tahiti 'i Dec. 27
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan. ...'....'. Dec. 27
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor .i.. ....'. Dec. 27
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro Dec. 28
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot. .%.... Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 28
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 2.S
Maria Nanalmo .' Dec. 2S
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 29
Edith Seattle ; . . Dec. 29
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 20
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 30
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .-. Dec. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria..... Dec. 31
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Rival WiHapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
December 25.
Santa Barb Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
December 2«.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor.. 10am Pier 2
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 27.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 5pm Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 9
December 28.
Corona Newport & Way 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orf'd 12 m Pier" 13
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 5pm Pier 16
San Juan. . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan lpm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30p Pier 9
December 2J>.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. .. 10am Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
December 3O.
Rainier Seattle & N Whatcm 5 pm Pier 2
December 31. I |
Mandalay.. Ccquille River |10am|Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . . For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way . Ports. Dec. 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & AVay Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Port3. Dec. 31
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
limes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY," DECEMBER 24.
Sun rises '. 7:22
Sun sets 4:5t>
Moon sets - 6:12 a. m.
O Time Time jTlme Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L W H W L W H W
24 3:28 2.7 9:40 6.7 4:46—1.4 11:56 4.0
25 4:19 2.7 10:35 6.7 5:32 — 1.4
H W L W H ■ W L IV ■
26 0:41 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 6.5 6:18 — 1.3
27 1:28 5.1 6:06 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03—1.0
28 2:11 5.3 7:04 2.6 1:00 5.8 7:48—05
21> 2:56 5.4 8:08 2.5 2:06 5.2 8:31 0.1
30 3:38 5.4 9:17 2.4 3:10 .4.0 9:16 0.0
31 4:21 5.5 10:30 2.2 4:19 4.2 10:01 1.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when- there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. .-The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 23, 1901.
The Time :Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon 6f the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Pocket Flasks.
The Skinner Co., 416 Market street, is
showing- the handsomest line of "Olrys"
in every design. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOrYMOHT H00 IT THE PHOCTI* A OAMILt CO. CINCINNATI
rp=^|HOICE bed sets in Irish point lace,
'feUb or tam b° ure d> embroidered muslin,
HHi should be washed with Ivory Soap ,
to preserve their beauty. If they are of an j
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
added to the rinsing water* The vegetable !
oils of which Ivory Soap is made fit it for
many special uses, for which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory.
IVORY SOAP IS 99«>i& PER CENT. PURE.
SOUTH END CLUB
NEED NOT MOVE
Obstructions on Third
Street May Remain
Temporarily.
The resolution directing the removal
within sixty days of the obstructions on
city property at the foot of Third street
was amended by the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday to grant the South End
Rowing Club one and one-half years from
January 1, 1902, to remove its boathousea.
Attorney J. Lehrmann, representing the
South End Club, which would have been
directly affected by the terms of the res
olution, urged that the club be given time
to remove property on which $5000 had
been expended. He stated that it was in
tended to appeal to the Legislature for
the grant of sites in the bay for rowing
clubs, and that a former Board of Super
visors had granted the club the original
privilege. . , <- .
Reed made the motion that the obstruc
tions be allowed to remain for eighteen
months, which prompted Jennings to ask
under what . authority the privilege could
be granted. McCarthy suggested that the
boathouses be not disturbed until such
time as a wharf shall be built on the
property.
Attorney Wheeler, representing Payne
brothers and other prbtestants, agreed to
build a wharf if the obstructions were re
moved. Fontana's motion that the ob
structors be given six months to move
was not seconded. Comte pleaded that
consideration be shown the rowing club,
because it was occupying property not
immediately required by , the city, but
urged that all xjther trespassers be evict
ed. •'
The City Attorney was requested to in
form the board upon the following ques
tions arising in connection with the op
eration of the. proposed Geary-street mu
nicipal railroad system:
First — Over how many blocks may the city
operate a " municipal railroad on a street, on
which a franchise for a railroad now exists
or on which a railroad is being operated?
Second — Is the franchise granted November
6, 1878, to Messrs. Main, Norton, Bigelow, Me- 1
Cord, et al., a valid franchise, it being in ef
fect an extension of two blocks to the fran
chise granted to Messrs. Deane, Eppelsheimer,
Stanyan, Morrow, Porter and Crowell, April
13, 1877, for a railroad on Geary and other
streets.
Third — Is that portion of the Geary-street
franchise granted to use Point Lobos avenue
valid, said avenue at the time of the grant
being under the jurisdiction of the Park Com
missioners?
Fourth — If a portion of the franchise is in
valid does it invalidate the entire franchise?
The resolution granting the American
Can Company a permit to erect a bridge
across Seventh street, near Townsend,
was adopted. Chairman Curtis of the
Street Committee explained that the
committee- had reported against the reso
lution because it was held to be simply
the forerunner of a series of bridges
throughout the city. The Emporium
Company was denied a permit to erect a
bridge across Jessie street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
The department of electricity submitted
a plan for a private exchange telephone
system at the City Hall, and estimates
its cost at $5613 60.
The roadway of Page street, between
Central and Masonic avenues, was ac
cepted.
The Board of Works was authorized to
repave Bush street, between Sansome and
Battery..
David Hewes was denied a permit to
maintain a corrugated Iron structure on
the roof of his building at the corner of
Sixth and Market streets.
Policemen, like the hairs of a man's
head, are numbered.
1 CURE MEN
With Lame Backs
/C^& y -Sy With Weak Nerves
/ r^-vj/L \ <5^\ With Rheumatism
I jTX With Lost VitaIit y
>a^ ' ri* iff^L \ w **h a^ those signs which tell
- \t /«^~ "tt^ V I a man e ls b rea km°; down,
\ \' /v \ jj^»^ I l° s ' n S h' s grip. I have the rem-
/ ec * y vv 'hich gives back that snap,
/^i¥^3v^*^\ V V /"^J^^^^k re anc * v ' m °^ y° utn - -^y cure;i
4^^^^^^^^'' )^^^^^^^L SCl1 my Belt- ThCy prove whlt 1
ja!$£*&>>iSg/ZL$S*Z£ MkShJJS f^Ot Mr A. C. Hammond. "0 Merchants'
.«?3£g£5^- J V*^-^vV\A>' / •5B§2$3*£©'s Exchange Building:. San Francisco.
V^^SVSSPSS •'v^SSt V\ SSSStSsjiOiiir says: "Your belt has cured m<» at thf>
tSaml&SS&S /Yt^AN/ X^vfeSS*^ ace of 7:J of -weakness in th* back and
•^TBgSfaay/ //V ff tWUisy *B kidneys, and has given me more vigor
' SSS^f if V/ f fSfflF* .' a nd sound health than I have had for
. ; H /\ ■ - ', ■;%
A man ls like a steam engine. It takes steam to make him go. My Belt
pumps, that steam Into him.
That's how it makes so many old men feel young.
Mr. A. Crawford, Pokegama, Or. says: "I am 70 years old, but your belt
has made me feel like 35." «. : - '
Try it, you weak man; you will find youth and v#gor in it after every-
thing else fails.
_ Call and test It. free, or I will send you my Illustrated book, free, if you
will Inclose this ad.
Dp M C MrLaiidhlin 102 market st.
Office hours: 8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES..
SEEKS PAYMENT
OF OLD CLAIMS
Former Sewer Commis
sioners Ask for
Salaries.
The Board of Supervisors considered
yesterday the claims of Professor George
T. Davidson, Colonel George H. Mendell
and Irving M. Scott for $1500 each as
members of the old Sewer Commission.
The claimants desired payment under the
constitutional amendment out of the sur
plus fund.
Professor Davidson explained that the
members of the commission had tended
constantly to their duties for five moiiths
after their appointment by the Board of
Supervisors in 1892. The employes of the
commission were paid, but the Commis
sioners were not, and 250 miles of sewera
were investigated.
City Engineer Grunsky and Commis
sioner of Works Manson, who were con
sulting engineers on the Sewer Commis
sion, were subjected to a line of question
ing as to the services contributed by Mr.
Scott. They replied that the latter';*
knowledge of the needs of the city was of
value to the commission.
Supervisor Jennings stated that an in
vestigation had developed that Mr. Scott
had not attended many of the meetings
of the commission. Connor moved that
the claims be allowed, but McCarthy's
amended motion that the matter be re
ferred to the City Attorney to decide If
the board has the power to allow the pay
ment of the claims was carried.
The claim of C. S. Tilton. City Surveyor
in 1892, for $8500 for preparing a map of
the assessment district for a sewerage
system in Richmond was indefinitely post
poned. D. I. Mahoney, attorney for Til
ton, addressed the board in behalf of the
claim. It developed that the money was
paid by the city to Tilton's successor, W.
H. Fitzhugh, under a court decision.
The claim of John Hall for 5675 for ser
vices rendered the Street Committee in
connection with the Sixteenth-street ex
tension in 1892 was rejected.
A resolution was passed to print au
thorizing the payment of $3000 out of the
surplus fund to Dorn & Dorn in full dis
charge of a Judgment obtained against
the city for services rendered.
An ordinance was passed to print fixing
the wages of laborers in the park or on
public utilities that may hereafter be ac
quired by the city at $2 50 per diem.
The City Attorney was requested to fur
nish an opinion as to whether the execu
tors of the will of the late Adolph Sutro
and the Spring Valley Water Works can
legally agree to a modification of the
Dewey boulevard embodying a reduction
of width as suggested by the City Engi
neer and consent to an extension of two
years within which the boulevard may bo
completed by the city.
The petition of the Market-street Rail
way Company to erect a brick building
200 by 400 feet without Interior partitions
on the block of land bounded by Twenty
third. Twenty-fourth and Utah street3
and San Bruno avenue was referred to
the Fire Committee.
The ordinance granting the Chutes Com
pany permission to erect a bridge across
Tenth avenue, between C and Fulton
streets, was re-referred to the Street Com
mittee to give James Cavanagh and Wil
liam Kedpath. who protest against tha
privilege, an opportunity to be heard.
Send your Eastern friends a Chrlstmaa Wasp.
Cosmopolitan California illustrated profusely.
25 cents. •
If a woman could only talk out of the
two corners of her mouth simultaneously
there would be a lot more said on both
sides.
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER 24, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Keren AH CoBBcnlcttioai to W. S. LEASE, Kutpr.
JIAXAGEIl'S OFFICE . Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Marltet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered liy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postages
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year l«.00
DAILT CALL (Including- Sui-day). « i_onths S.00
DAILT CALL <lncludiny Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Blntfe Month «5c
SUITOAT CALL, One Tear l.M
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1-M
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Saxnpl* copies will be iorwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in orderit.c change of addrers should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xuigtr T (Riga Idrertiticg, Mtrqnett* Building, Chicago.
(Loos: Distance Telephone "Central 281*.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C O. CABLTOJT Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria, Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Menu H1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWB STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Cc.; Oreat Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WAsmsGTOjr (D. c.) office. . . .1400 g St., jr. w.
MORTON E. CRAXB, Correspondent.
8RAKCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FUlmor*. open until I p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Devtl'a Auction."
Tivoli— "Little Red Riding: Hood."
Central — "The Stiver King."
Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Carmen."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
VENEZUELAN VIEWS.
P PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT follows the pol
icy of Mr. Cleveland as to the Monroe doc
trine. When Nicaragua in an outbreak of of
ficial barbarism had triced up a British Consul and
flogged him on the bare back, England sent a war
ship to Corinto and collected for her representative
$1000 for each blow inflicted upon him. If in ad- |
dition to this she had sent a force inland and burned
Managua as a lesson in government, she would have '
been amply justified.
As we have said before, there were found at that
time Americans who so little understood what the
Monroe doctrine means as to censure our own Gov
ernment for not declaring war against Great Britain
for teaching Nicaragua this needed lesson in civili
zation. So there are some of our countrymen who
censure President Roosevelt for not protecting Vene
zuela in her theft of the property of German sub
jects.
The petty tyrant who holds the Presidency of
Venezuela has been giving His version of the Mon-,
roe doctrine, and it i* intolerable and revolting to
any sense of justice. In his opinion it means that
the United States is *o protect Latin America in com
mitting any outrage, official murder, public theft and
spoliation of which Europeans are the victims. If
this were the meaning of our primacy of the hemi
sphere we would be in arms to defend a nest of
nations each one of which would resemble the Bul
garian brigands who kidnap women and hold them
for ransom. It is no exaggeration to say that if
President Castro's view is correct, in a short time the
semi-barbarous nations south of us would be captur
ing the Ministers of European countries and demand
ing ransoms of their Governments, sending in an
ear or a finger of the prisoner as a means of urging
haste. Surely there is but little difference between
this and flogging a foieign Consul on the bare back.
Let Venezuela and all who put her construction
(Ml the Monroe doctrine be warned that we approve
of thrashing them into civilization whenever they act
like savages. Not only do we approve of Germany
sending a fleet to collect $2,000,000 stolen from her
subjects by Castro's Government, but" we would take
satisfaction in seeing a German land force march to
Caracas rnd burn the capital over Castro's head.
Such punishment would be beneficial to his Govern- j
ment.
Iq these German cases the victims appealed to the
courts of Venezuela, but every judge who decided in
their favor was immediately deprived of his office
. by Castro, put in prison and another was appointed
in his place, with orders to find against the foreigners.
Americans were treated in the same way, and should
be righted by the same means that Germany is using.
The United States will permit no conquest of Vene
zuelan territory, but we permit and invite any nation
v hose people have been robbed by that Government
to go there and thrash it into a decent respect for
the rights and the property of others.
The New York python whose feat of swallowing
a crocodile was telegraphed all over the country a
short time ago has now distinguished himself again
by swallowing a horned lizard. It seems likely he is
working for a reputation that will get him a place as
a freak in a sideshow where he can have a chance
to swallow a bearded woman.
According to Justice Jerome there are upward of
130,000 persons engaged in the retail liquor business
in New York, but of course that includes only the
sellers. There is no calculating the number who
engage in it on the other side of the bar, but evi
dently there are enough to keep the liquor moving.
After all their condemnations of Russia for op
pressing Finland, of Great Britain for oppressing-
South Africa and the United States for taking, the
Philippines, the Germans are now having troubles
of their own, for the Poles under the dominion of
the Kaiser are asking why they should be oppressed.
Kaiser Wilhelm's suggestion that German work
men should do more work and drink less beer may
aot be popular, but if it were adopted it would do
aiore than his new tariff toward helping Germany
X) keep even with American competition.
THE SOHLEY VERDICT.
PRELIMINARY comment has been, made all
over the country, which represented the first
impression produced by the' verdict rendered
against Schley by Admirals Benham and Ramsay.
The first opinions expressed might have been criti
cized as the result of impulse rather than of judg
ment. But now the sober second thought of the
country is being uttered and its condemnation of the
verdict has the weight of mature reflection: This
sober minded judgment so universally 1 condemns the
verdict as to frighten the men who procured and
rendered it into a quaking silence.
The American people will tolerate great big red
blooded mistakes. They will look kindly upon men
who . offend through a mighty and a manly passion.
They will walk backward and cover with a mantle
the naked errors of a great man fallen. ' But they will
not endure the meanness of small mert in big places.
The testimony was read and the verdict has been
read. From beginning to end it is a record green
with jealousy, red with petty revenge and sodden with
the sordid ambitions of small self-seekers. "Mean
ness" is written over it as often as the words "one
dollar" on the face of one of the old red dog shin
plaster bank notes.
The American people will have none of it.- The
pupil of a flea's eye is not small enough to hold their
estimate of the men who wrote it as their decision.
Nor are all the skies, en their blue concave above us/
big enough to write the American approval of Dewey
for his manly and generous judgment.
We do not believe that the Navy Department can
resist the consequences. It has adjudged and paid
to Sampson and the captain of his ship tens of thou
sands of dollars for the ships taken at Santiago,
though Sampson and Chadwick were below the hori
zon from the scene of that battle, and never saw its
smoke nor heard its guns. And Schley has been
paid as his share of the prize money the paltry sum
°f $3334 and his brave fleet captains even less!
It is too rank. The people want to lift the lid off
the department and see what makes the stench. They
want to quicklime the carcass of official spite and
petty meanness and put it out of mind, smell and
sight.
They are not building a navy to be manned by a
foul combination of avarice and meanness, nor main
taining a naval school to graduate heroes like Schley
to be humiliated by creatures like Benham and Ram
say and the envious officialdom of the department.
The majority verdict is set aside by the people. The
opinion of Dewey is their opinion, and they demand
that the parasite Maclay, officially employed at $2 43
a day to write naval history, be dismissed, his book
ordered out of Annapolis, and that the department
officials who indorsed it be punished by expulsion
from their offices. Let none of them imagine that
this is a passing breeze. It is a gale of popular de
mand and will blow until it besoms the combination
of mean spirited conspirators off the official roll and
into private life, where they can be exposed to
the well seasoned and permanent contempt of the
country.
A wealthy colored planter in Georgia invited a
number of prominent white people to dine with him.
They accepted the invitation, and while the host did
not sit at the table with his guests, but acted as di
rector of the waiters, there has been none the less
a whole lot of talk in Georgia about the incident,
and the conservatives are wondering how long it
will be before colored hosts will feel at liberty to sit
down with their guests.
THE REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
SENATE BILL 1025, which was introduced in
the Senate on December 5 by Senator Frye of
Maine, is a measure which not only com
mends itself to the general public as being eminently
just and proper, but it is of particular interest to the
commercial community of the Pacific Coast. The
object of the bill is to promote the efficiency of the
revenue cutter service by extending to its commis
sioned officers the benefits of the laws relating to the
retirement of officers of the army and navy who have
become incapacitated for active duty on account- of
age or physical disability incurred in line of duty.
The plea that the revenue cutter service is strictly
civil in character is an idle and specious one. It is
quite true that in time of peace the service is under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
that while so placed it exercises certain civil func
tions; but the exercise of those functions under a
civil department of the Government no more makes
the officers of the cutter service civilians than does
the employment of army officers to arrest criminals
and fugitives from justice make of them policemen
or deputy marshals.
In the performance of its duties under the Treas
ury Department the cutter service is called upon to
enforce every law for the protection of the Govern
ment in maritime affairs, to assist vessels in distress,
and to afford every protection possible to legitimate
commerce. Its officers are required to undergo a
rigid system of instruction not only on subjects re
lating to navigation and seamanship, but arc com
pelled to pass examinations on gunnery, the hand
ling of men under arms, surveying and all other sub
jects of a military nature which form a part of a naval
officer's education. In addition thereto they are re
quired to have a thorough knowledge of constitu
tional, international and revenue law. Upon the
completion of their course of study they are required
to pass a very, rigid examination in all these
branches and are then commissioned by the Presi
dent in exactly the same way as are officers of the
army and navy.
In time of war the cutter service at once drops its
civil character and is transferred by existing law as
a body to the naval establishment, where it becomes
subject to the rules and regulations governing the
navy and is compelled to perform the same duties as
are required of naval officers and men. Since, then
these officers are compelled to perform duties which
necessitate exposure to the same risk of life in the
defense of their country as naval officers, it is hard
to conceive by what system of logic they can be de
nied equal privileges of retirement and promotion.
The cutter service has participated in every war in
which the United States has ever been engaged, and
its record of service for over a hundred years is one
of which its officers may be justly proud and are nat
urally anxious to maintain. £ At the present time,
however, the service is laboring under the lack of.
proper legislation. The higher grades are clogged
and promotion almost at a standstill by the presence
on the active list of a score or more of superannuated
officers whose lives -have been spent in the service
and who are now too old or- feeble to do duty. The*
junior officers are therefore called upon to perform
double duty without any extra compensation as a re
ward and do not even have the assurance of promo
tion as an incentive to urge them on.
I This condition of the service is disheartening to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
those who are already in it and discouraging to the
youth of the country who might otherwise desire to
enter it as a life profession."
The commercial interests of the Pacific Coast, now
in process of rapid expansion in the new, fields which
have been opened to our merchant marine in the
Hawaiian Islands and the Philippines, demand the
same sort of protection as has been hitherto af
forded at home. It would doubtless prove a danger
ous and expensive experiment for the Government to
change the method <?f affording this protection and
guarding its own interests by adopting -a system dif
ferent from that which the experience of over a
century has proved to be a most successful one.
It is to be earnestly hoped nothing will interfere
to prevent the passage of the bill by the present
Congress. By its enactment a long-deferred act of
justice will be done a most .deserving -branch of our
public service and will enable it to extend its opera
tions to our new possessions.
A c'urious story comes from Chicago to the effect
that for the purpose of evading the school law which
prevents them from getting the use of the labor of
their children, some of the foreign born residents of
that city are getting the little ones married before
they are in their teens. An extreme case in which
a girl of 12 was married so as to exempt' her from
attendance at school has aroused the' authorities and
they are now trying to see what they can do about it.
UP to this time the holiday tradl. of the city has
been conducted under conditions that are well
nigh ideal. The purchasers have been liberal,
the merchants have displayed a store of Christmas
goods never before equaled, and the weather has
been everything that is lovely and delightful. There
is now a menace of rain, if that can be called a
menace which while spoiling the holiday charm of
the season would none the less be a benefit to the
State. Fortunately most of the Christmas shopping
is over and should rain come those who have to meet
it -while doing their shopping would have none but
themselves to blame for being too late.
Rain or shine, however, our California weather is.
never bad enough to interfere with any business in
which men and women are earnestly interested. At
worst it is never more than disagreeable. We have
no blizzards nor cold snaps that compel people to
stay at home through fear of freezing to death. W£
tan do our shopping gayly and hold our Christmases
merrily in any kind of weather that ever occurs under
the genial skies of California.
The trade of the season is expected to break all
records. We have had a year of prosperity and we
are at peace among ourselves and with all the world.
From Washington come no reports of legislation
likely to injure or even disturb any industry of the
country, for it is now deemed certain at the capital
that all the dangerous so-called reciprocity treaties
that menaced some of our important domestic inter
ests will be defeated. Consequently we can look for
ward to a year of coming prosperity greater even
than that which we now enjoy. All conditions of the
time and all prospects of the future therefore com
bine to stimulate the Christmas feelings of liberality
and generosity. We can remember in our giving all
of our friends and the poor as well.
The one- thing to be done, then, is to go about
the shopping of these closing days of the season with
a genuine cheerfulness that nothing can disturb. The
motto of the shoppers should be: Don't' rush, don't
crush, there is room enough for all, time enough for
everybody and more Christmas goods than any one
can buv.
Governor Taft has an undoubted right to present
the work of the civil government in the Philippines
in an attractive light, but when he says "the military
disaster in Samar has created an unfounded feeling
of uneasiness concerning the condition of the people
of the rest of the archipelago" he is. going a little
too far. Something like the wholesale massacre of
an American troop by men who had shown every
evidence of friendliness is about as good a founda
tion as "uneasiness" could have.
STILL HARPING FOR SILVER.
CONGRESSMAN LITTLE of Arkansas has
introduced into the House of Representatives
a bill providing for the free coinage of sil
ver at the ratio of 16 to i. He is reported to have
declared that he has no idea that the bill will be
passed, but he hopes to be able to force a debate
upon it, "to keep the party record straight," and de
termine how many members of the House calling
themselves Democrats are really true to the Chicago
platform.
While Mr. Little is making that play at Washing
ton, Mr. Bryan is doing something of the same kind
in Nebraska* In the current number of the Com
moner he publishes a long editorial on "Bimetallism* 1
and in another column of the same issue he com
ments favorably upon the statement of a correspond
ent that Senator Jones of Nevada is wrong in hold
ing that "the increased output of gold has accom
plished what bimetallism would have accomplished."
Thus the former silver leader refuses to admit that
silver is dead. Like the Arkansas Congressman he
wishes to keep the party record straight, and so far
as the Commoner can do it the thing will be done.
Meantime there is trouble over the question else
where. The other clay Boss Croker of Tammany
was interviewed in New York concerning the politi
cal outlook of the party, and when asked about free
silver, he answered: "The silver question ought to
be dealt with by the National Committee. Let those
who framed it take cdre of it. We have nothing to
do with it."
In view of the fact that Bryan closed his campaign
in.1900 with the famous utterance, "Great is Tam
many and Croker is its prophet,"- the contemptuous
reference to those who framed the silver question for
the Democracy is rather unkind. It was perhaps a
shrewd move, however, to "pass the buck" to the
National Committee. It is now up to those gentle
men to soothe Bryan into keeping stilland seeing to
it that Mr. Little doesn't get a hearing for his silver
bill on the floor of the House. *
It is a grewsome story of home-seeking that comes
from Oklahoma to the effect that every road leading
from Guthrie.to the newly organized county was
lined on the opening day with prospective settlers,
many of them without money and without' food. It
was bitterly cold, numbers were severely frozen as
they waited on the roadside, and several perished. It
seems strange that persons in such condition should
have joined in the rush for lands, but a chance of
getting something for nothing tempts all classes.
■ It was a cold day for St. Louis when she broke
ground for her grand exposition,' but doubtless she
has steam enough to warm herself up and keep
moving. ' -,' ! ' ■ '
THE CHRISTMAS -TRADE.
THIS AMERICAN GUN DISCHARGES
FIVE HUNDRED SHOTS A MINUTE
THIRD BATTERY, OF BROOKLYN, OF THE NEW YORK NATIONAL, GUARD HAS RECENTLY BEEN EQUIPPED
WITH RAPID-FIRE GUNS THAT EXPERTS PRONOUNCE TO BE THE MOST EFFECTIVE OF THEIR KIND
EVER INVENTED, OUTCLASSING THE GATLING GUN.
O' NE of the greatest and most instructive automatic
rapid fire guns in the world is now possessed by the
United States Government. It discharges 500 shots a
minute. The first military organization to be equipped
with these new field pieces is the Third Battery, New
York National Guard of Brooklyn. Twelve have just been is
eued to them.
The coat of the set, including carriage and tripod mount, was
$34,000. At the first battery test of the gun 250 shots were rired
In 32 1-5 seconds. Tho gun weighs forty pounds and is
mounted either on a steel tripod or a two-wheel carriage
when in action.
One of the legs of the tripod has a sort of a bicycle seat for
PHONOGRAPH FOX TRAP.
Elmer Skillings, a Maine fox trapper,
who became a wonder in that line so sud
denly that there has always been great
wonder at his success, has finally told the
secret by which he lured the sly foxes
into his traps.
Skillings, who Is a farmer in a sparsely
settled district, purchased a phonograph
and some records, for his own amusement
and to entertain his fellow farmers at tho
grange meetings. He has an ingenious
mind, which suggested an attempt to get
on record the noises of the poultry yard
that of the pullet which has just laid an
egg, the crowing of a cock, the quacking
of ducks and the discordant note of a
guinea fowl. He bought some blank rec
ords and secured all the novel results he
wanted.
Then another idea came to him. He ex
changed his instrument for a much finer
and larger one, and after a number of
trials obtained a fine record of the cluck
ing of a mother and the peeping of her
brood of chickens.
Then he went Into the woods, dug a
large hole, partially filling it with brush,
and arranged the phonograph in the hole,
so that by means of a long spring and a
self-returning mechanism of his own in
vention the record -would run continuous
ly for nearly a half-hour. A powerful
resonator made the sounds nearly as dis
tinct as the original. The apparatus was
completed with an alarm clock arrange
ment, so that the instrument could be set
in operation automatically at any hour
desired. The effect was startling, when
suddenly there would be heard, appar
ently from a heap of brushwood, the ex
cited clucking of a mother hen and the
answering peeps of her brood of chickens.
Skillings surrounded the place with fox
traps and set the machine to begin opera
tions several hours after sunset. It
•worked to perfection. : The first time it
was tried two foxes ■were trapped. From
all appearances they were rushing in
upon the supposed defenseless brood, for
getting their usual cunning. The scheme
worked again and again until nearly all
the foxes In the vicinity had fallen vic
tims of Skillings' genius.
Work o* a Single Bullet.
One of the most remarkable shots ever
reported, was made by the late Dr. J. B.
Welch of Hudson, Mich.
Welch was hunting antelope in Monta
na, and was surprised one morning to see
a herd of animals appear upon a ridge
some 400 yards from camp. At the first
movement they scampered away. .Welch
ran to the top of the ridge and saw that
after going a short distance directly from
the camp the antelope had turned and
were running so that their broadside was
exposed. They were nearly a quarter of
a mile away, and Welch did not expect
to hit when he opened on them with his
high power rifle.
His astonishment may therefore be im
agined when on seeing one drop and -go
ing to the spot he found three dead ante
lope, each shot through the head. The
three had been running si.de by side and
one bullet had potted the trio.
Choice randies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Towiisend'a. •
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits ready for shipping. Townsend's. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25ci 639 Market street.*
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. • •
Thousands of fire-etched boxes to select
from at Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
Two-pound handsome fire-etched box of
California Glace Fruits, express charges
prepaid to Chicago, New York and East
ern points, *1.35. Time to send now. Thou-'
sancis of packages ready. 639 Market st. *
When a woman has no excuse for being
jealous she comes dangerously near being
perfectly happy. -• ...
, "The Overland Limited." via Unica PacMc
R. R., is the only train making connection in
Chicago with the fast Express Trains leaving
Chicago in the morning for New York. By
this Route you can remain In San Francisco
until 10 a. in., reaching Chicago six hours
quicker than on any/other Limited Train. Thi*
train runs Every Day '.in the Year. D. \V.
Hitchcock. Gen. Ajtt.. No. 1 Montgomery »i.
6. F. . ::•■:•■':■■
. Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best LlverMediclne.VegetableCure forLiverllls,
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation, Malaria!
Philadelphia was the first city to issue a
directory, the first edition coming, out in
17S5. . .■ ■ *■;' i. • * •
; Romeo and Juliet' in Chinatown. See the Christ- *
• mas Wasp illustrating Cosmopolitan CaUfornla.*
the operator. Just above Is an extended rod having a curved
shoulder rest to facilitate the aim and steady the hand. Tho
extreme range is 3500 yards. A 30-inch caliber is used.
The machine is fed by a belt holding 250 cartridges. The fir
ing continues as long as the trigger is pulled back and is kept
up until the belt of ammunition is exhausted. The gun shoots
at any angle and can be made to sweep the roofs of houses
and tree tops or down an incline. a
It outclasses tho Gatling and other existing guns in sjfeed.
safety and automatic mechanism. No explosion is possible,
as the gases are utilized in firing. The loaded shells cannot
get clogged in the barrel. Military experts pronounce the gun
the most effective ani valuable weapon of its type ever de
signed.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE RIO— R. B., Madera, Cal. The
steamer Rio de Janeiro was inside the
heads when she foundered.
HANGING OF RUNK-S., City. John
Runk, found guilty of the murder of
Police Officer Coots, was hanged on the
26th of April. 1878.
FITZSIMMONS AND CORBETT— V. A.
D. When Fitzsimmons and Corbett
fought at Carson City, Nev., the former
weighed 160 and the latter 185.
FREE LIBRARY— Subscriber, Colma.
Cal. For positions in the Free Public
Library of San Francisco, file application
with the secretary of the library.
TRANSPORT SERVICE— G. F., City.
For positions on the United States trans
ports make application at the office of the
Transport Servlce^at Folsom-street wharf.
TRADE DOLLiVRS— A. J. S.. East Oak
land, Cal. Catalogues announce that
trade dollars of 1S75 or any other dates
are worth but what they weigh as old
silver.
AUTHORS' CARNIVAL — City Sub
scriber. The authors' carnival was opened
in the Mechanics' Pavilion In this city at
the corner of Eighth and Mission streets
on the 20th of September, 1SS0.
EL CAPITAN-ALAMEDA— A. S., City.
The collision on the bay of San Francisco
between the ferry-boats El Capitan and
Alameda, during a fog, occurred on the
afternoon of the 19th of February, 1879.
CITY DEED— A Subscriber, City. If
you are in doubt in regard to the advice
given you relative to a city deed on cer
tain property you had better call at the
office of the City and County Attorney for
Information as to what the city deed ii.
RED MEN'S HALL— A. O. S., City. The
Red Men's Hall, on Post street, which
has been sold and will, in time, be torn
down to make room for a Scottish Rite
Hall, "was dedicated on the 8th of Janu
ary, 1876. The cornerstone of the build-
Ing was laid June 17, 1S75.
ABBREVIATION, V. A. D.. City. The
word December may be abbreviated Dec.
or Dec'r., according to the whim of the
writer. Both are correct, but the former
is the most used. There Is no arbitrary
rule that the word when abbreviated
should have the last letter preceded by
an apostrophe.
RAISING A MAN— V. A. D., City. The
statement has been published that if. a
man is placed upon his back upon a table
four men, each placing a finger under him,
can, under conditions, raise him a slight
distance from the table, the .conditions
being that the subject shall hold himself
rigid and that all, at the same time, shall
hold breath during the lifting.
SHARES IN A COMPANY— L. L. D.,
Campo Seco, Cal. If, In buying shares
of stock in a company you had false rep
resentations made to you, you probably
have recourse against the party who sold
you the stock, for having obtained money
from you by false pretenses. The question
asked does not go sufficiently into details
to enable this department to give a more
explicit answer. In case of an attachment
the laborer has first lien for wages.
NATIVE BORN-P. E. G., City. A
child born to Irish parents in the United
States is not Irish, but a native of the
United States. The nationality of an in
dividual is that of the country in which
he was born. His citizenship Is a differ
ent matter. If a child born of foreign
parents in the United States, the parents
not having become citizens of the United
Staies, so desires on attaining: majority,
he may elect to adopt the citizenship
of the father, otherwise such child is :t
citizen of the United States.
A PERSONAL MATTER— M. E. C,
Honcut, Butte County, Cal. Tou ask thai
certain matter be sent to you, but yoi
neither sign your name, nor incloae e
self addressed and stamped envelope. Foi
that reason this department cannot com
ply with your request. The request being
of a personal nature the answer will bt
sent by mall when this department ascer
tains to whom to send it. A person whe
asks a question ought not to be ashamec
to give true name and address, aa It is nc
sin to seek information. This department
never publishes the names of correspond
ents.
SOUTHERN ARIZONA— R. H. L... City.
Southern Arizona is described as a place
which has "a climate of perpetual sum
mer, a balmy air, bright sunshine and an
atmosphere of wonderful purity and
healthfulness." That ought to be a de
sirable place of residence for one affected
with catarrh or lung trouble. The char
acter of the country Is described as "a
fcerles of wide plains with detached moun
tains and isolated peaks, also mountains,
which are rocky and rugged.- There is a'
spaise growth of grass, shrubs and mea
quite wood. South of Tucson there are
grassy plains, rolling hills and lofty
mountains."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Look at the stuff that goes to -waste*
in the grocery business," said the lounger
in the store, "and think of the small mar
gin on most of the good3. Where does the
profit come in?"
"The profit," said the Impatient man
with the basket on his arm, "comes from
having only one clerk to wait on thirty
six customers."— Chicago Tribune.
Hoax— I see Rocksie, the gambler, is
going ,to retire on his fortune and sell
out hfs flace. There's a chance for
some fellow with a little capital to get
1 In the swim.
Joax— Ah! Take a dive to get into the
swim, eh?— Philadelphia Record.
"The biamed bellboy in this hotel Is
enough to give a man a spasm. Guess ,
what he did when I told him to briirvV
me a 'horn' before I dressed? Majcr\
Nash— "What, suh?" Colonel Corktigfrt
—"He brought me a shoehorn."—Philadel
phia Record.
"I see," said the hoarding-house mis
tress, at the head of the table, "that U
Frenchman has just invented a new arti
ficial leather."
"I wish you would try a few pounds
of it." said a sarcastic boarder, who was
vainly trying to make an impression on
a piece of steak with his knife.— Yonkers
Statesman.
Missionary (among the Esquimaux)— I
wish you would tell these people their
faces are dirty and need washing.
Interpreter (reflecting: a moment)— I'm
afraid I can't do that, sir.
Missionary— Why not?
Interpreter— There isn't any word for
; "dirty" in their language.
T
Young Mr. DawdleNhas become very
industrious since he decided to go into
business. His office hours are from 8 a.
m. to 6 p. m."
"Yes," ansv/ered Miss Cayenne; "I un
derstand that he has had to raise his of
fice boy's wages for staying all that time
to tell people that Mr. Dawdle had Just
gone out, but would be in at 11 o'clock
next morning."— Washington Star.
The man who pave a Chicago hote!/
bellboy $10 for finding $10,000 in the soiled
linen and returning it to him was from,
Boston. — Kansas City Times.
But not a typical Bostonian.— Boston
Globe.
With a very slight accent on the "tip,"
of course.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
In Retaliation.— "Child," said the busi
nesslike matron acting as a leader of the
visiting committee, turning to the dirty
faced little girl chewing gum in one cor
ner of the room In the tenement-house,
"wouldn't you like to live in a better
part of town than this?"
"No, ma'am," said the dirty-faced girl,
"but when I get bigger I'm goin' slum
min' through your part o' town some
day." — Chicago Tribune.
"Your Excellency," said the Grand
Vizier, "that French collector is cackling
around here about that little bill again."
"What sayeth he?" asked Abdul Hamid,
moodily puffing at his nargileh.
"He voweth that France will seize your
realm unless the account be settled."
"Hum." sighed Abdul, taking a long
draw. "France is a bird, but I hardly
opine that she is a Turkey gobbler. I
hardly cpine that."— Baltimore Ameri
can.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,4*
GARMENTS
Stylish, up-to-date cut and make—
for the Smart Set.
Best Goods and Lowest Prices.
AD. KOCOUR^
RELIABLE FURRIER,
ROOMS 7 TO II.
121 POST STREET,
(Don"t Mistake the Number).
OPEN EYENIN03 DUB1KG THE HOLIDAYS.ADVERTISEMENTS.
. BIENNfAL STATEMENT
OF
The Hibernia Savings & Loan Society
M A»E IX ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
3R« ° f \K ' tate passed March 23
1833. an( i fc erc to annexed, to wif '
The People of the Plate of California, rep-
foTlows? * ' * an ° Assembl >-- do enact is
Section 1. The Cashier or Secretary of everv
Saving. s a nk Savings Bnd lian Society and
are made and interest paid thereon Khali
MKMa fifteen day, after the Is? Ta } "'of Del
£Kn2?v\ h h 5>ear ° ne thousa n<i eight hundml
the irt 2«v «7*rn? nu , withia fi " ec *» days or
tne 1st day of December of earh and everv
the° n^a t rd CC o e f di £ K T^ «*«*&£ "eturn^
«tator^nt «S ? ank l . Commissioners a sworn
cre)T ?£'* ? T l! i5 the amount standing to his
nrttnfVJ »}%* 1 known place of residence or
pestofflce address, and the fact of death if
debtor 0 ,?h W W €r or S*creta?y. of ever^-
?hire<n or , aU not have made a deposit
Hs!e£ofit *' lthdrawn therefrom any part of
for th? £ , any rart of the interest thereon.
?uch 4?v^ an V h^ C*rt»lens and Secretaries oi
•ies and ;n%?? an 1 ks - Savin * s »"<* Loan Socie-
*ha-i for deposit of saving*
inor* n*\T- ° tlCC of thes<> deposits in one or
he citv /? 8pers , P ubI i*hed in or nearest to
hank* D V M' an<3 comt i' or town where such
'ouJ .«f/* at least once a week for
iica'tionr? ESI K e We€ks> the cost of 6UCn P ub "
cla1n£SV° be pald rro rata out oi said un-
acV™h1n P ° elte: P rovI<1 «>. however, that thU
",f h aI n « aPPlr to or affect the deposit
tn 7 h. ?I ln the name of an y Person known
anv £.Si d Cashi^ or Secretary to be living.
'hfJn 1^ 1 ,, whlc n. «-«th the accumulations
SeTnn 1 % ha ij.u be less lhan fifty dolors-
Phai? ?n 2 - The BoarJ of Bank Commissioner*
■arh 'il cor P° ra te in their subsequent report
h^ tUra which ehaI1 have been made to
.hem as provided in Section 1 of this Act.
-.ft* £ . y Cashier or Secretary of either
-t the banking institutions mentioned in Sec-
mak- ,£ this Act n ««l«*lng or refusing to
"ectfor, 1 v W m^ statement required by said
t» 1 shall be frailty of a misdemeanor.
in accordance with the foregoing the follow-
■ng statement is submitted, as appears from
bocks at close of business on the 6th day
i f . December. A. D. ISM. to wit:
»^" aIne ~ T Address. Amount.
Aguiar, Laura G 417 Pacific st..
S. F -. $112 71
Afderscn, Berr.hard.... North Pacific
Hotel, corner
Jackson and
Drumm sts.
Barrett. Milton Bodie, ' Cai '. '. '. '. '. SC5 SS
Bettencurte. Manuel de
8 41S Drumm St.,
Brady, p. F g an Francisco,
' Cal 271 50
Bryson. Man' 123 Beale st..
Buckley, Michael Mendocino. Cai 313 04
Burke, Ann 223 Sixth St., S.
,, . F 55 60
Callahan, Jerry Western Hotel,
Broadway «.,
Cardeaos. Jennie Menlo " Park!
San Mateo,
Cal £3 00
Cavanagh, John 744 Mission St.,
Clark, Bridget Saii Francisco,' '
Cal £0 S3
Corbett. Richard Tucson, Ari-
zona Terri-
_ tory 5,4*5 so
Daly. Bridget A San Francisco,
Cal ....... £2 90
Daly, Maria San Frant-iscoi
' Cal CS 9S
Delaney. Stephen San Francisco,
Cal 1?9 40
Doherty, Mary San Jose. Cal. 100 11
Donahue, J. Mervyn... San Rafael, Cal 999 60
JJcnovan. John 413 Stevenson
Dunn. Alice 2^ r^^. M M
S. F 1,053 64
Dunsrord, John Howard St., bet.
£th and €th,
S. F. 58 04
Edwards. Thomas M..San Mateo." Cai 75 30
Ericson, August 22S Pacific et.,
S F 13"* 99
Foster, James W Care Frank
O'Ketll,
W i c k h am,
Newcastle. N.
S. W., Aus-
_ tralia 179 12
CJair.ey. Elisabeth M...141 4th st., S. F 56 03
Graham, James Truckee, Cal.. 297 26
ureen, Mary Eureka. Nev.. a?» 25
Herod. George 32 Id ct S F 63 08
Hession. Patrick 16 Nato'ma ' et.'.
S F 1 "32 13
Higgins. Owen C Lime Point. Cai 15 94
Hogan. Thomas Steamer Peli^
can us 10
Hubert, N San Francisco,
Cal 58 C3
Ingemanson. Jons 23s Steuart st.,
£55* B Brooklyn ' ' CaV. £74 39
Lawlor, Thomas ••American Ex-
change Ho-
. _ „ tel." S. F... 670 60
Lynch, Cornelius S2S 15th st., S.
Manchen, Ella 21s Ke'arn'r* ei.'. ' *
Matthews, John wldf way "East **
Berkeley. Cal 197 U
Mellor, Henry 23 Natoma st,
S F 173 cs
Molocey, Michael Hu'mboldt "Ho-
tel. 15th Et..
near Mission
St.. S. F 162 3S
Moony, Mary Ann 652 Natoma st.,
S. F 1,376 33
Kuir. Mary or David San Jose, Cal 57 07
Muir
Aluiholland, James 4th & Towns-
end sts.. S.
F 1 1J"» 21
Murphy, Thcmas Portland. Or.. 1,045 03
McCauley, Henry Epan Canon,
Nev £6 SO
McGauley. Stephen ...<:6 Tehama et.,
S. F 14S 38
ilcGrath. Bridget 25 Folsom st..
8. F 537 58
McKeand. Alex "New Atlantic
Hotel," 207
Montgomery
ave.. S. F 175 SO
McKlanon, M. C Volcano. A ma-
dor Co., Cal. 2,477 07
McQuald. Kate 152 Minna, st
S. F. 76 24
iIcTiir.par.y. John 117 Drurnm St.,
S. F. 65 73
Norton, Thomas U21 Mission st.,
B. F 152 21
O'Brien, Denis .........Point Reyes,
Cal 136 16
O'Connor, Maria Z0I5 Mission 6t.,
S. F 194 17
Olsen, Andrew 12 Jackson st.,
B. F. 236 76
O'Neill. Ann 18 Clara et..
S. F 499 94
O'Jfeil, Mary Alameda Point,
Cal 76 82
OT.eilly, Elizabeth 741 Harrieon
6t., S. F 102 88
O'Reilly, Farrell J 741 Harrison
St., S F £1 40
Pevlde, Antonio da
Costa 215 Drumm St.,
S. F. 946 56
Plover, Patrick San Francis-
co, Cal 316 38
Was hlngton
F^.ynor, Henry square. West
End. S F... 51 51
RelUy. John Fort McDer-
mitt, Nev 260 03
P.ichter, Otto 22 Turk st..
S. F 58 45
Semuelson. Edwin ....15 Howard et.,
S. F 587 27
Ehechan. John 315 Bryant Et..
S. F. 163 51
Silvera, Manuel L. 116 Jackson st..
S.-F S48 16
Etempel, Edward S16 Fulton Bt.,
S. F 332 96
Pul'ivan. Patrick 12 6th et.. S. F 72 91
gullivan, Timothy San Francis-
co. Cal 333 96
Thlngler, Janette San Francis-
co. Cal 74 92
Tucker, Tecla T., guar-
dian <}t Augustus
Teirple (a minor) — 14 Dupont 8t.
S. F. 610 S3
Turley. Catherine Care Mrs.
Doyle. 27th Bt..
S. F. 280 38
TSVbirpey. George F — Salt Lake
City, Utah.. 982 €S
Total $31,220 05
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco— ss.
I do eolemnly ewear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained in the
foregoing statement, and that every allegation,
Btatement. matter and thing therein contained
is true to the best of my knowledge and belief
ROrERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of December, 1901. GEO. T. KNOX,
Notary Public ln and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
£S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. m.
I. O.SP&Cr&S & tm. CO., tenerai Agents, 327 feitst St
P.en'1 Pzsenstr CiSse, 643 Kartit St.. Pier Is. 7. PacSc St
COKFAGHIE GENERALS XBAKSATL1NTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday, instead o! jSTnTVy
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, t *C*«>ar*
North Kiver, foot of Morton street.
Firet da** to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building:). New
York. J- F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ajrents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets »old by all Railroad Ticket Affents.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
L-ositivefy cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal cr Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
. A~:oikic CapcolCB for three months coat $1.
j DrnggiJtl or P. O. Box 20S1, Xcw York.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great))
{ElUSEUES OF AHATOHY$
\ ST Tfae L^B^st Anatomical Museum in the \
0 P^rh^. Wo ' ld - Weaknesses or any contracted A
L. JKrfiW «?ease po»iti*«-l 7 cured hy the oldest Y
© ff£^4* bpec:aii^t on the Coast Est. 36 y-ars. Q
0 $j3c* 8 DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
1 t Kl%$&n Consultation free and stiirtly pri»ate. \
§ a Jy^Jfi Treatment personally or by letter. A/)
\ S r 1 H Po*itivt Cure in every cast undertaken. T
h p ,''/ » Write for lioolcI-niLOSOrilVof A
/ • j! 1 aimtlACK. MAILED FREE. (Af
A ti I r valuable book for men) \
V DB.. JOBDANdi'O., 1051 Market St..S. F. Y
$1000 Reward
IF WE FAIL TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE-
clalists for men. As many physicians and
others have inquired regarding our ORIGINAL
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles,
we have decided to demonstrate by sending to
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL TREAT-
I MEXT UNTIL JANUARY 1ST. State case
plainly and receive plain package by mail.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary Bt.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
tCTfr. . Wharf, San Francisco:
il*®l?5Sv For AIat:kan I" rts — il a -
1 livf^Sw^ Change to company'g ? toam ■
S^tea\E>i1| trs at
r' k 'wV^J<<".^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I /*^*3£ijwKl c >- Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatccm (Wash.) — II a. m.,
Dec. 2, 7, 12. i~!, 22. 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se- j
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska 1
and G. N. RV. ; at Seattle or Tacoma for N\ |
I\ Ry.; at Vancouver to C. V. Ry. \
For Eureka (Humbo!dt Bay)— 1:->0 p. nv.
Dec. .3, K, M. 18. Zl. 'JS. Jan. 2.
For Kan Diego, stopping onlv a? Sant?. Bar-
bara. Port Lop Anpeles and Redoniia (Los Ar.-
— Steamer Fanta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesday*. !i a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port HarfoM
(Pan Luis Obifpo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newi-.ort — Steamer Corona, Saturdays. 3
a m
For Ensenada. Magdalena -Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. • :'","■.■.
For further information obtain the com-
pany's folders.
The comnany reserves the rifrht to change j
steamers. Failing: days and hours of sailing
without i.revious notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Falace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Q. R. & /W. CO,
Only Steamahlp Lino to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a! 1
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTEand HEALS.
£S. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3 1J
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 19. 29, Jan. S. IS
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt., 1 Mont^y, S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioeo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at HonekonK with steamers for
India, etc. Ko cargo received on board on
day of Bailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4th, 1002
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January SOth, 1902
6S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 25th. 1902
Round-trip ticket! at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0EE, SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDQN, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
6t. Paul Jan. lfPhlladelphla ...Jan. 23
Zeeland Jan. X St. Paul Jan. 29
Et. Louis Jan. 151 St. Louis Feb. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark ....Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. R Vaderland Jan. 20
Friesland Jan. 10 Kensington .Feb. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R. HI
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREQr.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
5. *?. Leelnnnw rail* Monday, Dec. 23
6. S. Argyll • oil* Thursday, dan. 23
fc>. &. Leelanaw mils Monday. Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And da Surf Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
erd 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL Dec. 23JLOA
AREQUIPA Jan. 4IPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
end patssenger office, 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FoinnriA^^
Steimsrj GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Bun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, C p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. TeleDhcne Main 1508. Landing and
office, nier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
Sly Gi $100 jer to
THE SAN FRANCISCO cAl^L, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
HEADWATER IS ALL OUT OF SORTS
AND MERCER WINS THE HANDICAP
Pat Morrissey Loses in a Nose Finish With First Shot.
Rollick Defeats Herculean, With David S in the Ruck.
Quoted at 15 to 1 in the Ring, Jim Hale Is Not Headed.
ON Saturday last, with two-third3
of the crowd down hook, line and
sinker on Green Morris' two-year
old Sombrero to win the handi
cap, Headwater dropped along at
10 to 1 and beat him just a nod. At Oak
land yesterday Headwater was one of. six
starters in the Racine handicap over six
furlongs and received so much attention
that he closed equal favorite with Mercer.
When the barrier was released by Starter
Dwyer, Headwater broke with the others,
then changed his mind and propped. If
Hughey Jones' sprinter persists in this
gayety. a diet of smokeless powder well
mixed with melanite and percussion caps
ought to do him a world of good. After
leading until well on toward the stand
Master Redfern brought Mercer to the
fore from fifth place, winning by more
than a length, and covering the seven fur
longs in 1:26^4. O'Connor, on Janice, got
pocketed in the stretch, or the filly might
have been second.
While three unsteady favorites landed
purses. First Shot and Jim Hale added
additional spice and snap to the game by
slipping in first at long odds. Neither was
according much backing from the outside
public.
Only a fairly well played favorite at
odds of 2 to 1, Autumn Time, ridden by
Ransch, took the maiden -two-year-old
event by a neck from the 15 to 1 shot
Knockings. The latter, together with the
40 to 1 outsider Dwight Way, made the
running to the stretch. Stuart was thrown
from King Herald soon after the start,
escaping injury.
Owen Mounce rode a perfect race on
Huachuca in the Futurity course sprint
for two-year-olds, beating Jarretierre
d'Or a head on the wire. Ishtar, with
Bullman up, was made favorite, and after
leading past the far turn was passed by
Huachuca. The latter was hard pressed
the last eighth to stall off Spencer's rush
with Jarretierre d'Or.
After leading all the way in the mile
selling run Pat Morrissey lost the deci
sion in an exceedingly close finish to
First Shot, a 9 to 1 chance, piloted by
Mounce. Dr. Bernays ran in a good posi
tion from the start, but apparently could
close no ground in the run home. Plead
made her first appearance, finishing
fourth.
At the close of the betting on the six
and a half furlong sprint Rollick and Da
vid S were about equal favorites. There
was some delay caused by the unruly ac
tions of Gibraltar and Aloha II. When
sent away Maresa picked up the running,
leading into the straight for the stand,
where Rollick with Buchanan up assumed
the lead, downing Herculean a length.
A well developed plunge was made on
Bob Smith's Greyfeld to take the mile
and seventy yards selling number, and he
finished third. McGinn let Jim Hale sift
along out In front, and -when hurrying up
time came he could not be caught, lead-
Ing out Horton four lengths. Greyfeld
ran a close third.
TTack Notes.
Frank Phillips, the well known owner,
is out again after a severe attack of ap
pendicitis. Frank was kept busy at the
track receiving the congratulations of his
many friends.
Theodore Winters watched' the sport
from the trainers' stand. Mr. Winters 5s
down from Rancho del Sierras with a fine
crop of yearlings, which will shortly be
seen in the sales ring.
Bob Smith, the owner of Greyfeld. has
secured a lease on the brown colt Articu
late from W. C. de B. Lopez. Peter Weber
has been training the three-year-old since
the opening of the season.
While being galloped on the inside track
yesterday morning Mike Daly's two-year
old Sir Tom Tiddler bolted and in some
manner broke his shoulder. It was found
necessary to destroy him.
Headwater acted very rank when
brought out on the track to be warmed
up, and there were many predictions that
he would not leave the barrier. Unfortu
nately for the sprinter's backers, they
■were fulfilled.
Jim Hale equaled the coast mark of
1:44 for one mile and seventy yards. The
track at Oakland is so fast that the equal
ing or smashing of records is becoming
j nearly as monotonous as the megaphone
announcement at a bicycle meeting of
"a-n-o-t-h-fe-r r-e-c-o-r-d b-r-o-k-e-n."
The return to the saddle of Blrkenruth
yesterday was hailed with satisfaction by
everybody. Louis Ezell's rider is" decid
ipdly popular with the crowds, and his en
forced suspension of fifteen days for
, rousrh riding caused general grief.
Charley Ellison was up and about the
ring after a few days' vacation on sick
leave.
As yet Tommy Burns has failed to land
a winner. Some one of these days Tom
my will go down the -line and put about
four over the plate first.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: ,-■
First race — Futurity course: selling; three
year-olds :
3011 Parsifal 104 2967 Quiz II 104
. 3016 Modder 104 2985 SUenvlne 104
3000 Captivate 104 3022 Intrada 104
2S07 Mrs. Brunell..lO4 3010 Rasp 104
3022 Courtier 104 S022 Cofnpass 104
2866 Game WardenlO4l
HENEY DISPUTES
COURT RECORDS
.Counsel for Judge Noyes
Tries to File An.
bther Paper.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow and
United States District Judge do Haven
sat in the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday, and heard a motion
made by Francis J. Heney for an order
permitting him -to file the affidavit of H.
L. Blake In the matter of Arthur H.
Xoyes, in contempt."
Mr.- Heney stated in his type- written
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured of Files
Wfeer© iKn5fa Failed.
Amos Crocker of Worcester writes:
"After going through a frightful surgical
operation and after trying any number of
salves and ointments, one 50c box of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure gave speedy relief and It
quickly cured me." All druggists sell it.
Little Book, "Piles, Causes and Cure,"
mailed, free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
MJch. ... . . . .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETRACK— Monday, Dec. 23.— Weather fine. Track fast.
aoa.'t. FIRST RACK — Six furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
| Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %• 9i- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2961 Autumn Time 110 1 3n 3n 2n ln A.J.Stemler & Co.Rnsch 8-5 S-5
3005 Knockings 110 4 2 % 2 1 ln 23 C. Earl & Co Jloar 8 15
2740 Dwight Way 115 2 lh ln 3n 31 B. McSherry Bozeman 25 40
2050 Rosarie 115 5 51 52 4 1 44 P. Howley Mounce 5 7
2014 St. Chester 113 7 01 64 65 5n H. L. Haskell. .T. Burns 7 15
2981 B&gsezo 110 0 42 4^5^ 6 10 W.B.Jenn'gs & Co.O'Con 6 5
2&70 Sehwarzwald IIS 8 7 1-73 72 73 B. Schreiber. .. .Bullman 7-2 13-2
2098 Jim Roberts 113 :} 8 30 8 20 S 10 8 5 ■ R. Hughes E. Jones 10 15
Whiskers 118 9 0 9 D 0 W. H. Slattery..Vittatoe 60 100
2950 King Herald 110] Fell Mrs.Grosshelm & Co.Strt 12 30
Time— y t , :243i; %, :49%; %, 1:15. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, A. J.
Stemler & Co.'s br. g. by Fitzjames-Springllke. Winner outstayed Knockings. Rosarie
not very strong. Bassezo galloped part °£th£^ a y^_Schwarz\v^Ud^wasbun^
:iOi!-l. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds'; value to first, $325.
~~ I ' Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin, Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3012 Kuachuca 118 4 3n 11 11 lh G. W. Baldwin. .Mounce 3 14-5
3017 Jarretierre d'Or. .115 14 4 4 2 5 J. P. Atkin Spencer 5-2 4
301.} Ishtar 115 2 ln 23.21 35 Burlingmame S. F..Bull 2 11-5
3005 Esternell 115 S 2 1% 3 3 3 1 4 J. W. Schorr.. J. Woods 3 .0
2079 Evander 115 Left W. B. Jennings. O'Connr 6 10
Time— To %, :22; to %, :46; last-%. 1:00; short %, 1:11. • Poor start. Won first three
driving. Winner, G. W. Baldwin's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-La Plata. Mounce on
winner made his move at just the right time, saving ground by a narrow cut into the
stretch. Spencer moved a bit late. Ishtar quit.
3025. THIRD RACE — One mile; sellins; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2992) First Shot, 4 114 1 21 22 21 Ins P. Moore & Co.. Mounce 5 0
3011 Pat Morrissey, a. 100 4 11 13 11 2 1^ Dr.H. E. Rowell.Bullmn 4 7-2
(3000) Dr. Bernays, a... 114 2 5 1 5 1 3 1 3 2 J. Conway J. Woods 3-5 9-5
.... Plead 3 105 3 6h 71 51 43 J. P.othert Jackson 10 30
3015 El Fonse, 3 103 7 4^3n 62 5% Burns & Waterhe.Buchn 3 5
3009 Grand Pachem, 6.100 5 3 % 4 h 4^ H J- J- Moran Redfern 8 10
2840 McXamara. 4 100 8 7161 75 78 W.P.Magrne & Co. Burns 6 10
2888 Bob Palmer, 3 ...100 6 8 8 S 8 S. ■ Judge Ransom 10 25
Time— V4, :26; %, :49%; %, 1:15; mile, 1:41. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, P. Moore & Co.'s b. g. by Foul Shot-Gratitude. Winner bumped Morrissey near the
wire. Dr. Bernays had no excuse. Plead encountered stormy weather from the start.
El Fonse won't do. Scratched — Mission 103, Canejo 109, Courtier 100, Nilgar 109.
3026. FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
1 ! ; Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V*. tt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3003 Rollick. 3 104 2 21 3^21 11 Burns & Waterhs-.Buch 3-2 5-2
(3001) Herculean. 4 109 3 4h 41 4%2n G. Summers & Co.. Bull 4 5
3008 Maresa, 3 99 1 1^ 12 13 31 J. H. Dolan .Jackson 7 7
3009 Cougar, 3 106 7 73 62 5%46 Elmwood Farm O'Con 8 9
3014 David S, 3 104 6 62 51 61 02. W. L. Stanfield.. McGinn 8-5 5-2
2847 Marion Lynch, 4.. 110 5 5h 7 10 78 63 S. Judge Ransom 15 30
2970 Gibraltar, a 112 4 3h 2n 31 7 15 H.J.Jones E.Jones 8 12
2957 Racetto 4 106 8 84 8 36 ■ 8 4 8 5 J. A. Cruza Vickery 40 60
.... lAloha II, 4 1091 0 0 0 9 9 - |A. E. Jones & Co.O'Nelll 20 CO
Time — 1-16, :06>/6; %. :23^; %, :48; %, 1:13%; 6% f, 1:20. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, Burns & WaterhoUse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick
best. Herculean ran to form. Maresa set too warm a clip. Cougar a slow beginner.
David S lacked speed. Gibraltar in a bad position striking the stretch. Scratched —
Wyoming 109, Merops 109, Goal Runner 106, Our Lizzie 104.
UO27. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Racine handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $400. •
_ _ ___ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V*. %. Str, Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3019 Mercer, 4 105 4 6 5 3 Vt 1 1*6 J. E. Richardson. Redfrn 3 5-2
301« Rhj Shannon, 4.. 93 2 1 V, 1 n 11 2 n J. Coffey Jackson 4 G
2978 Janice, 3 105 3 3 % 3h 5 3 2 G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 3 5
2000 Varro, 3 08| 1 4 % 4 % 4 3 4 5 G. W. Miller Hoar 6 10
3008 Iirtpromptu. 3....fO3| 5 2 n 2 1% 2 n 5 Montana Stable. Berknth 10 12
(3019) [Headwater, 5 1101 » |H. L. Jones & Co.. Buch| 7-5 5-2
Time— M,, :12Mi; V*. :24; y,, :4S%; %. 1:13%; %, 1:26^. Good start except Headwater.
Won easily. Second and third drlvinsr. Winner, J. E. Richardson's b. g. by Sir Dixon-
Merdin. Mercer is a great stretch runner. Shannon set a warm clip. Janice pocketed in
the stretch and compelled to so the long route. She would have been dangerous. Head-
Water propped after leaving the barrier. Impromptu quit. Scratched — Royal Flush 110.
»Left^ ~^~^^^.
3O23. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 70 yardj; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
| ~~| T - | Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3008) Jim Hale 3 109 6 15 16. 15 14 W. L-. Stanfleld.. McGinn 4 12
20S2 Horton, 5 .112 2 6 6 5 10 2 n J. McGovern Spencer 4 7
(2947) Greyfeld 5. ......112 1.31 4 2 3 1 3n R. A. Smith Mounce S-5 0-10
3014 Plohn. 4 109 3 41 3n 42 43 P. Ryan T. Burns 3 11-2
3000 Duckoy, 4 100 5 2 2 2 2 2 1 5 10 G. B. Morris. . .O'Connor ' 8 20
(2993) Goldone, 4 112 4 51516 6 J. Coffey Bullman 4 5
Time— 'i :23i,6; Vt, :48; %, 1:13; m, 1:40; 1 m 70 yds, 1:44. Good start. Won cleverly.
Second 'and third driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g. by Piccolo-Rlllito. Jim Hale
showed improvement. < Horton ran his race. Mounce waited too long with Greyfeld.
Duckoy quit. Goldone had no speed..
. Second race — Six furlongs; selling; two-year
olds:
2040 Quadra 115 3010 Montoya .... 118
2888 Discovery ...111 2863 AVinnecook ..115
3007 Flo Culver. ..115 2034 Phyllis 115
2970 Arthur Ray.. 118 3010 Baldo 115
(3005)Jacqueminot .115
Third race — Futurity course; selling; all
ages:
2974 Dawson 07 2039 Edlnborough .116
301<i Pomplno 113 2455 Mellocole 113
3009 Kath'r Ennis.100 2248 Skip Me 109
2972 Sharp Bird. ..116 2587 Gold Finder. .113
3012 Ben Led! 113 f 3010 De Capo 116
(3011)Mid. Chimes.. 113) 3001 Floronso 113
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
3012 Kitty Kelly.. 113 2079 Hungarian ..100
3016 Capt. Ga'nes.114 3002 Dunblane 114
2985 Bagdad 107 3003 Merops Ill
3016 Orleans 100 1 2986 Edgardo 107
Fifth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: three-year-olds and upward:
2091 Cromwell ...1101 3015 Windward ...108
2937 Decoy 109 2907 Alicia 107
3002 Lou ClievedenlOo, 2814 Einstein 105
3004 Gold Baron... 105 1 2091 Essence 100
(3022)Col. Bairnt'nelO.1! 3001 "Wyoming ...111
3025 Grand Sach'mlOS!
motion that the affidavit was a duplicate
In all material respects of that filed on
December 2, which was withdrawn from
the files by permission of the court, he
said. He desired to file also an affidavit
of S. R. Calvin contradicting the testi
mony of Mrs. Minnie Jones. Mr. Heney
went on to state that he had corrected the
affidavit of Blake by striking out certain
irrevelant and incompetent matter and
that on December 3 Heney made applica
tion to the Hon. W. W. Morrow, Circuit
Judge, in chambers, for permission ' to
withdrawn the affidavit temporarily for
the purpose of removing said incompetent
and immaterial matter and for no other
purpose whatsoever.
Mr. Heney added that Mr. Blake had
gone to Seattle and could not be found.
The court denied Mr. Heney's motion
and stated that the Noyes case was
closed, so far as the reception of evitlcncs
was concerned. Mr. Heney's motion in
its statements of facts is in conflict with
the- record of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. The record, under date
of December 3, 1901, is as follows:
It appearing to the court that the affidavit
Of H. L. Blake heretofore filed was improperly
and inadvertently placed of record herein,
therefore, upon motion of Francis J. Heney,
counsel for the respondent, Arthur H. Noyes,
It is ordered that said affidavit be stricken from
the files of this court, and the clerk is directed
to forthwith return the original and copies
thereof to said counsel for destruction.
W. W. MORROW, Circuit Judge.
J. J. DE HAVEN, District Judge.
JOCKEY AND TRAINEE,
ARE UNDER SUSPENSION
Stewards of the Crescent City Race
Course Find Two Cases Re
quiring Investigation.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 23.— The Rush
won the fifth race at 6 to 1 and the stew
ards suspended E. Trotter, the horse's
trainer, pending an investigation. The
horse started four times previously at this
meeting and his performances on those
occasions were such that the stewards
felt that an inquiry was demanded. The
stewards have suspended Jockey Otis for
the remainder of the meeting for his ride
on Boomerack an Saturday. Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs — Hutch Mil
ler won, John G. Ford second, Zocapa third.
Time, 1:16.
Second race, five furlongs — Cadet won, Cres
cent City second. Postilion third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Dagmar won,' Falllel second. Golden
Link third. Time. 3:11.
Fourth race, selling, mile and an eighth— W.
B Gates won. Major Mansir second, Balloon
third. Time. 1:5414.
Fifth race, selling;, six furlongs — The Rush
won, Weideman . second, Ida Penzance third.
Time, 1:13%.
Sixth race, selling, mile and an eighth — Do
nator won, I Jim Breeze second, Meggs third.
Time, 1:54. ' . 1
Insolvent Wood-Worker.
J, C. Brickell, wood machine operator,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday
in . the United States District Court. He
owes $296 50 and has $72 assets.
Sixth race — Futurity course; selling ; • all
ages: . ■ ■ •■.,<■ , "
Chappie 113 2974 Clarando ... .113
3000 Dangr's Maldll3 3010 Almoner 113
3016 Afgnan 113 2940 Alzura 109
Mallakwa ...116 2953 Novia ...113
2820 Saul ofTarsusllS 2050 Matt Hogan. .113
2604 Dr. Boyle 113 3000 Tizona 113
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Parsifal, Captivate,' Courtier.
Second race — Jacqueminot. Flo Culver. "Wln
necook.
Third race — Floronso, Midnight Chimes, Mel
locole.
Fourth race — Edgardo. Dunblane, Merops.
Fifth race^ — Wyoming, essence. Decoy.
Sixth race — Dangerous Maid, Afghan, Matt
Hogan.
Among the long shot3 given yesterday
by Mannle's Turf Advisory Co. multitude
of followers were Jim Hale. 20 to 1:
Dwight Way, 15 to 1, show; Rollick, 3 to
1. For to-day, the Merry Christmas, 20
or better to 1 shots will be" cut loose, so
Post street, suites 4 and 5. *
SUPREME COURT
FREES HANSTED
Defective Indictment Is
the Ground for
Reversal.
Fred Hansted, more familiar known as
"Professor Young Dutchy," who was sen
tenced to seven years' Imprisonment . in
the State penitentiary for complicity in
tbe famous conspiracy instigated by Jack
Chretien for the purpose of looting the
Sullivan estate, has secured his freedom
through a decision rendered by the Su
preme Court yesterday. The judgment of
the lower court is set aside on the ground
that the indictment was defective.
He was indicted by the Grand Jury In
July, 1900. In October of the same year
he was again indicted by the same Grand
Jury on the same charges. The Supreme
Court holds that this was illegal and that
Hansted's motion for dismissal of the
irdictment, which was presented by his
attorney, George D. Collins, should have
been sustained.
The Sullivan estate amounted to only a
few thousand dollars. Chretien thought
ho saw a chance to make some money and
evolved the scheme of creating an "absent
heir." Numerous documents were forged
ami Hansted was convicted of uttering
one of these instruments and securing a
portion of the estate thereby. Chretien is
serving fourteen years at Folsom for his
share in the transaction.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HAIR WON'T FALL OUT
If You Kill the Dandruff Germs With
i the New Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well-known citizen of
Coif ax, Wash., says: "I had dandruff so
badly that it caked on my scalp. Herpi-
cide completely cured me." George H.
McWhirk of Walla Walla, Wash., says:
"Herpiclde completely cured. me of a bad
case of dandruff of 30 years' standing."
They took the only really sensible treat-
ment, a remedy that destroys the dan-
druff germ— Newbro's Herpicide. Stop
dandruff, hair won't fall out, but will
gicw naturally, luxuriantly. Allays itch-
ing instantly and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists. One bottle will
convince any doubter of its' merits.
WISH TO ADOPT
JAPANESE CHILD
Two Women Ask Pos
session of Little Doris
Shumozumi.
Mrs. Smith and Mr&. Perkins
Want the Protege of Mrs.
D'Angelis.
Doris Hannah Shumozumi, the little
Japanese girl, seems to be a very valua
ble commodity in the guardianship mar
ket. Three women want her in their
homes and the ladies are making every
effort known in law to secure the custody
of the little one.
Doris' own father and mother are also
in the fight for the possession of the child.
They contemplate returning to Japan and
three weeks ago sought to recover the
child from Mrs. Susie d'Angelis, mother
of Jeff d'Angelis, the actor, who had pos
session of the little Japanese since she
was fourteen months of age. The writ
was denied, and the application of Mrs.
d'Angelis for letters of guardianship over
the child was also refused because she
had reared the little girl as a child act
ress, i '
Mrs. Sara M. Smith of 513 Leavenworth
street and Mrs. Charles B. PSrkins of 72S
Haight street then became imbued with
the idea that Doris would make a "cute"
addition to their households, and each of
them applied for the possession of the
child. Their petitions were heard by
Judge Kerrigan yesterday and will be
heard again to-day, as they offered so
much evidence in support of their claims
that Judge Kerrigan was compelled to
continue the case.
Little Doris was the most important
witness of the proceedings. She is an ex
ceedingly bright child and is well able to
take care of her own interests. When
asked if she loved her mother, she said:
"I like my mother, but I love 'Mamma
Susie." "
•'Who would you like to live with?" was
asked of her.
" 'Mamma Susfe, 1 " she quickly replied,
"and next to her my Aunty Smith."
Numerous witnesses testified to the good
character of the applicants for the letters
of guardianship and certified to the abil
ity of both of the women to care for and
rear a child.
Police Officer C. C. Clark testified that
he had. known the mother of the little
girl, Waki Shumozumi as an inmate in
one of the dens in St. Mary's street ami
the father as a hanger-on about the
house.
Mrs. Susie d'Angelis. who is the "Mam
ma Susie" referred to by Doris, testified
that when she was given the child almost
nine years ago the mother promised her
she would not try to take it from her.
"A short time after I got the child," con
tinued the foster-mother of Doris, "they
came to me and informed me they -were
fu lne u^ "turn to Japan. I surrendered
the child to them and they went to the
Orient. They returned in a short time
and gave the child into my care again.
A few weeks ago they made up their
minds to again return to Japan and tried
to take Doris. I refused to surrender the
little one, for neither of the parents are
fit persons to bring her up."
Both Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Perkins claim
they are actuated by a love for Doris and
a desire to save her from the sort of life
being led by her mother.
Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Cohn's. 1716 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies. $2, $2 50, $3 gal. Port
sherries, 75c. $1. $1 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
"Dutch." Thurston Loses to Burns.
GHICAGO, Dec. 23.-Charley Burns of
Cincinnati won the decision over "Dutch"
Thurston, the California welter-weight, at
the American Athletic Club to-night
Thurston was the more scientific of the
pair, but. his blows did not seem to have
power behind them. Burns forced the
fighting and scored a big lead in every
round. In the sixth and last round Thurs
ton was pounded all over the ring, and
■was in trouble when the contest ended.
German sharpshooters and turners in Christ
mas Wasp. Cosmopolitan California illus
trated profusely. ♦
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Oak or mahogany rocker,
genuine stamped leather
seat .$2,85
On all purchases of $100
or over we pay railroad
fare both ways within
250 miles.
Open evenings during the
holidays.
Free delivery in Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO,, j
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. I
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1S81. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures sruaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
BSptESMShS k Vvoi HMH BBS ■B^^QHBk
d KhkwW m wflk nH MM - — xW
HI PmfLfill A TJ^m. wm dS ©*% LH
.AMUSEME.NTS.
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUniin O Acmis.*ion IOC.
Eleanora Jenkins; the Sorensens: Otto T.
Johnson; Lamar and Hall; Colema'n and
Mexls; Elizabeth Nella; the Paloma Quartet
and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c
, Matinee Sunday and Christmas.
AMUSEMENTS.
Special Christmas Matinee
TO-MORROW:
"Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
To-night and Every Evening Thi3 "Week.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Magnificent Scenic Production of
"CARMHN."
Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
Special Engagement of the Marvelous Dancer*.
ROSE AND JEANNETTE
Incidental Music From Score of Opera.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 50c, 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK
Minnie Seligman in 'A Lady of Quality."
EVERT EVENING. THIS EVENING.
XMAS MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
20th Edition and the Best Ever.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT SUNDAY. Dec. 20l
BLACK T*ATTI
TROUBADOURS.
This Year Everything New.
Mats. New Year's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY,
DECEMBER 26.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Mclntyre and Heath, Joe Welch,
Elizabeth Hurray, W. C. Fields,
Union Gatling Guards, Macomber
and Engleton, the Serenaders and
Les Agios.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seat!
and opera chairs, 50c.
Evenings at S Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
NEW YEAR DAYS at 2 Sharp!
"THE ONLY REAL HOLIDAY SHOW."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
IT HAS CHARMED THE TOWN.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Ce. 50c and 75c.
Tele?hone_ Bush 0.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
s hE3day MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Matinee Saturday and New Year's Day.
Mary lannering
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Fort
and Edward E. Rose of the former's widely
read romantic revolutionary story.
JANICE MEREDITH.
Special Announcement — Matinee perform-
ance Thursday afternoon. January 2 — Mary
il.innoring ln "CAMILLE."
$>!*"£' !H 1ATR £?. A K
Belasco & Thall, Mgrs. *k
ALL THIS WEEK. U^fUff/
OUR HOLIDAY FUN. JP^^CSL
SPECIAL MATINEE fSS
TO-MORROW (XMAS
CHARLEYS JSp!!^
AUNT. §; «||
"From Brazil. Where the ' ■>' V**^fl»
Nuts Grow." - \ \ J jtt B
A Laugh a Minute for 2 4 i '. ' iSjSiJ^
Prices — 15. 25, 33, £0, 75c. * *
Regular Mat. Sat. & Sun. * t ,, ' , * -
E2JEL&SGG AMx>THAlS:&KvjtfW&
*^l— "* *^ tSHWJE CITY ItUI
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS "WEEK.
OUR XMAS OFFERING.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW (XMAfl
DAY).
Everybody's Favorite Play.
The Silver King
A Great Cast — A Sumptuous Production.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
PDIPF? Evenings 10c to BOo
rniWEj Matinees 10c, 15c, 23c
Next Week— "THE TWO SISTERS."
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near ElghtU.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
CHRISTMAS DAY, THURSDAY. SATURDAY
SUNDAY AND NEW YEAR'S.
ADMISSION 23c AND 50c.
g§^^ RACING
j^Sr '^usT* ■ Every Week Day—
*Gr Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharo.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and i p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tbw
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains vLt
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu»
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo
cars ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and imir>~]iately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
1 On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and.
newspaper officers, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city — depots, ferries and parks—
pass the entrance.
American and European plans. >
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
San Francisco and Eastern grain exchanges adjourned.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Linseed Oil marked up.
Wheat and Barley higher. Oats very firm.
Corn quiet and lower. No change in Rye.
Bran and Middlings firm dnd the latter higher.
Hay in moderate receipt, but weak.
Beans and Seeds continue very dull.
Potatoes in heavy receipt, but steady.
Onions and Vegetables about as before quoted.
Dressed Turkeys in good demand and firm. .
A car of Eastern live Poultry arrived.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Two cars of Oranges auctioned.
Dried Fruits very firm and active. - •
Previsions unchanged, both here and at Chicago.
Hogs scarce and higher again.
Grain Trade Holiday.
The grain exchanges of Cbfcag<» and New
York and the San Francisco Produce Exchange
have adjourned to Thursday, over Christmas.
Weather Report.
02 f >th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SA.N FRANCISCO, Dec. 23—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Reason. Seascn.
Eureka 0.03 16.07 20. ol
Red Bluff O.OO fl.60 S.ol
Sacramento 0.00 5.98 7.08
Pan Francisco O.OO 5.80 7.22
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.«
Independence O.oo 1.34 2.-U
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4. 50 10.20
Los Ar.scles 0.00 2.45 6.79
San Diego 0.00 0-77 1.73
San Frar.cisco data: Maximum temperature,
C>: minimum. 4S; mes.n, 04.
The follon-inp maximum and minimum tem
peratures v.-ere reported frcm Eastern sta-
Bnston "6-2S; Cincinnati, 3S-36: Washington.
32-2S- Jacksonville. 54-2S; Kansas City, 50-ii6;
New York, 32-2S; Omaha, 42-34: Duluth. 3S-12:
Salt Lake City. 4C-3C: Chicago, 34-30; St.
!»_:=. 40-40; Philadelphia, 32-2S.
THE COAST RECORD.
K S 2 " a f
. 3 2 1 U |3 ZZ |
ETATICN. 5 ?5 ?i g,2 £ o g
; = ; w : 3 si
Astoria HO. 30 r»4 4S W Clear .'JS
Baker 30.12 46 S2 NW Clear .02
Osrsoa 30.00 <?4 22 W Pt Cldy .00
Kureta 30.22 54 40 N Clear .Otf
Fresno 23. &4 €4 ."SS NW Cloudy .00
FlafrftafT "O.OS €2 24 SW Pt Cldy .00
Poeai«?!!o. Ida. 29. 84 46 40 SW Cloudy T.
Independence .29.90 64 22 NE Pt Clay .<J<)
Los Angeles..^9. 92 72 W W Clear .Oft
Phoenix 2».«2 70 34 S Pt Cldy .00
Portland "M.Z2 56 46 W Pt Cldy .64
Red BiufI "O.(i2 «'4 -M N Clear . .O»»
Rossburg 30.34 52 40 W Clear ,10
f3<-rarr.L-r.to . . 29.00 CO SO N Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 29. S6 52 :>6 NE Cloudy .01
Saj; Francisco.29.»6 €0 48 W Cloudy .00
F. L. ObiEpo.-2'J.'.W 74 r.<» N Cloudy .00
San DiegD 29.1)2 70 Z,2 NTT Cloudy .IX)
Seattle SO. 20 52 4S S Clear .49
Spokane 29.98 4S ZS SW Clear .13
Neah Bay SO. IS 46 42 W .Rain .OS
Wslla Walla. .30. 12 SS 48 S Clear .10
Winnrnnii— m .29.M co 28 nw cloudy .00
TuT-na 23.S6 74 40 NE Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 4S degrees.
TTEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The stona over the British possessions has
apparently extended rapiJiy southward. Dur
ing the part twelve hours there has been a
rapid rise in pressure ever Washington and
-xort'nern Oregon and rap;d fail over Utah and
Southern Nevada.
Ilain has fallen generally on the coast north
of Eureka. Cloudy weather is reported at
nearly all points with high northwest winds.
Conditions are not favorable for settled fair
weather.
Forecast rr.afle at San Francisco for thirty
hours endin? midnight December 24:
Northern California — Clcudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday, possibly ehowers; fresh northeast
wind?.
S-iJthrrn California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday, possibly showers; light northeast
■w-inis chang;ng to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday, cooler in southern
portion; brisk to high northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tied weather Tuesday, light northerly winds
chanslrs to southwesterly.
ALEXANDER G. McATiTK
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 23.— To-day's stock mar
ket took en tbe tone of holiday dullness and
the volume of dealings fell away to little over
half a million shares, of which a large pro
portion was in Sugar. The fluctuations in the
ceneral market were not of great importance
cutside of Sugar. There M-as a disposition to
advance railroad stocks in the early dealings,
especially the coalers, but the steady liquida
tion in S-'ujjar had an unsettling influence as
tne f.t!S"n-.ss cf the call lean market discour
aged simulation. The bank3 st-nera.ly mark
ed up their standing cull loans to 8 per cen\
end the greater jiart of the day's loans were
made at that rate. The Incentive to business
In a call loan rate btlow 0 per cent, while
brokers charge their customers G per cent to
carry stocks, was, therefore, lacking, and
commission houses showed a languid interest
in the market. The deep cut of 25 points
made ty the American Sugar Refining Com
j>any in the price of susar, thus underbidding
their principal competitors, caused discussion
'of the probability of a resumption of a war
In the trade, but much attention was also
given assertions of the threat of competition
Browing out of the sroat increase in the pro
duction or beet eutjar and the low price at
which that sugar is telling. Only twice dur
ing the day did sugar rally as much as a
point to interrupt its persistent downward
course. The final price was the lowest price
*nd <i<*4 ».elow Saturday's closing. The previ-
JSJi, tol C t *2 0 _l for this year waR broken at
312%. To-<3ay s final price was lOS^. Amal
gamated Corner maintained Us more stable
tone, fluctuating over lfss than a mint, but
Elways Jir-low Saturday's level. The' stock's
net Io>=p is *«. There was some continued dis
order in ihp rnrtal markets In London, which
•wae reflortf-d in a thr^e-noint decline In Na
tional L«ad uroferr^d here, the common etock
also losing a r>oint. The firmness in the
coaler? waf= due to th» urgent character of the
demand for coal, which is reported to amount
tn a famine at some points, thus maintaining
the r>rr\<=nr-rity of years of larcest production
and jrreat»i<t profits tn the con! trade. Xew
York Air\irr.ke broke U poirtB on the report of
a ji'dirial dr-cision aeainpt one of the com
pany'f: iiatents. hut recovered a larse part of
the \cxf. The probability that money rates
will not relax until some time after January
1 repressed speculation. The unprecedented
holiday trade i ? making Ip.rpe local demand
for crsh. ?nd it i.« reported that the trust
cntTipanies are drawincr iiown their deposits
the banks somewhrst for their year-end
r-^ulrements. There was deposited at the
Bnb-Ti**auif JMVi.ono to-rlay for transfer to
V"w Many i)re<1ictlr.ns continue to
circulate of a January rise In prices after
R*K| Income? easier.
Ronflp were but mofleratnly active to-day
fnd iTecular. Total sales. par value
52.T05.ono.
T'nifvi Stairs; threes registered and the new
fours declined y. ner cert on the last, call.
NEW TORK PTOCK LIST.
Ptoefc — Sales. Hi^h. Low. Close.
Atcbiso^ 11.ROO , 7R"-4 77 7 A 78
Aterison \^\ 4.«f>O '101 100i^ 100%
r.altimore A- Ohio.. 3.000 ]02 100>^ KK)»I
B?.H &■ Ohio nfd... ?.<M) <>4% fli% Oi
Canadian racific... r.no 113^ m 112";
fana.ia Southern. .. 1.200 «5% Wi94 Kr.^i
Ches £■ Ohio CftO 40^4 40'^ . 4C>v.
f'hi & Alton "00 V&~;. S5 :i4^i
Oil S. Alton pfd... ion 76 7« 75^
Phi Ind & Louis... 200 4R% 4^«i 4.S1*
Phi Ind & I>-.u!p pfd 300 74*4 7414 71 i
Chi & Eastern Til.. ..... I?4li
ChJ _ Gt Western. 9,000 2H-i 23% 23^
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 200 87^4 87t; 87%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 200 47% 46% 45 ji
Chi & Northwest 201*
Chi Rock Isl & Pac 700 152 150^ 150 Vi
Chi Term & Trans 16^
Chi Term & Tr pfd 200 31% 31 30 %
C C C & St L 97%
Colorado Southern. 900 14% 14 *& 14Vi
Colo South lFt pfd. 200 5SU 5S% 57t-j
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 27ii 27li 26%
Delaware & Hud.. 1,300 175% 174% 175
Del Lark & West 242
Den & Rio Grande 43'/i
Den & R G pfd... 300 94^ 94»$ 94
Erie 11,600 4m 40% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 5.600 72% 72% 72 V4
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 5874 58 58
Great Northern pfd 1.000 lS4*i 383% 183^
Hocking- Valley fi.000 70V. 6SV- 70
Hocking Val pfd.. 1,400 S5 84 S4»4
Illinois Central ... 400 138^ 13S 137%
Iowa Central 36*4
Iowa Central pfd 71
Lake Erie & West 66
L E & West pfd 120
Louis & Nashville. 3.300 106% 106 106
Manhattan Elevatd 7.200 . 134% 133% l'SShi
Met Street Railway 3,700 163*4 161% 1C2>*
Mexican Central... 700 25 y 8 24% 24%
Mexican National 13}£
Minn & St Louis.. 200 IO714 107 106%
Missouri Pacific... 8,100 10414 102% 102%
Missouri K & Tex 25
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 100 52% 52% 52
New Jersey Cent.. 1,400 1S6 184 184
New York Cent.... 2,900 167% 166 166
Norfolk & Western COO 56% 56 55%
Norf & West pfd.. 300 9S% 91% ftl
Northern Pac pfd OiJVi
Ontario & West... 7.300 34% 34 34%
Pennsylvania 1O.ROO 14S% 147% 147%
Reading 57,200 51% 50 50<
Reading 1st pfd... 8,900 S0% 80 80^
Reading 2d pfd.... 10,100 ro% 59% 59%
St L & San Fran.. S00 56>4 55% 55%
.St L & S F 1st pfd 100 S3% 83% 81
St L & S F 2d pfd 1,100 73% 73% 73 "A
St L Southwestern .... 27
St L Southwest pfd 05%
St Paul 14,900 104% 163% 1G3%
St Paul pfd 400 189 1S8 18S
Southern Pacific .. 16,000 <;0% 60^ 60%
Southern Railway. 4,.".00 33% 32% 32%
South Ry pfd 2.100 93% 93 93
Texas & Pacific... 100 3S% 3S% 3SY*.
Tol St L & West.. 100 19 19 18%
Tol St L & W pfd 33%
Union Pacific 18.600 102% 101% 101%
Union Pacific pfd. 700 8914 88% 8S%
Wabash 3,000 22% 22 22%
Wabash pfd 2.600 42% 42 42
Wheeling & L E.. 181,4
W & L E 2d pfd 28%
Wisconsin Cen . . . 700 20% 20% 20%
Wisconsin C pfd.. 100 41% 41% 40^.
Express Companies —
Adams 190
American . 202
T'nited States 100 95 95 93
Wei: Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 27.S00 6C% 65% C6'^
Amer C & Foun... 1,400 30% 29% 30
Amer C & F pfd... 200 86% 86U -SOU
Amer Linseed Oil ]5
Amer Lin Oil pfd 41
Amer S & Ref ... 900 43»; 43% 43%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 300 97 96% 96%
Anaconda Min Co. 2.000 29 28V4 28%
Brooklyn Rapid T. 11,300 C3% 04% 04%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 1,400 90^4 89% Sfty.
Consolidated Gas 215 -
General Electric .. 400 2S3 281 279%
Glucose Sugar 38%
Hocking Coal 15%
International Paper 700 20% 20 20
Intern Paper pTd.. 100 7o% 73% 75
Intern Power gg
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit * 43%
National Lead 1.100 16% 15% 15%
National Salt .... 32
1 National Salt pfd 61
North Amer 93
Pacific Coast 100 75 75* 741A
Pacific Mall 300 45% 45 44
People's Gas 1,200 102 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car. 1.500 41 40% 40
Pressed S Car prd. 1,500 84 83 83
Pullman Palace C 214
Republic Steel 15
Republic Steel pfd. 400 6fi% 06% 66%
Sugar . . 100.900 115% 100^ 109%
Tenn Coal & F 1,500 63% 02% 62%
Union Bag & P Co. 100 14% 14% 14
Union B & P C pfd. 400 74 74 73
U S Leather 1,300 11% 11% 11
U S Leather pfd.. 100 80% 80% 80*4
V S Rubber jai?
TJ S Rubber pfd .... " " " " 4'si/
TT S Steel 21.800 43 42»4 42%
U S Steel pfd.... 9,100 93 f)2% 9">V4
Western Union .. 300 91% 91 91
Amer Loro 2,400 31% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd 600 89% 89% 89%
Total rales 510.200
UNITED STATES BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg...lO8s; L & N uni 4s 103
£>o coup iO»U Mex. Central 4s'i S3
no 3s reg UKK > Dolst lnc 31
go coup 10'i%- Minn & St L 4s.. 103
Do new 4s reg..] 39% M K & T 4s 9C5i
Do coup 133?i Do 2ds ' ' 81
Ho old 4s reg.. HIM N Y Cent lets'. '.'.'.l(wy.
Do coup 112M Do gen 3%s ...110
Ho 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. .134
Do coup 10S Nor Pac 4s lORM
Atrh pen 4s 103 Do 3s 7'{
Do adjt 4s 94% Nor & W con 4s'lO2W
Balto & Ohio 4s .102% Read Gen 4s.. 99U
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 4s 117
Do conv 4s ....104 St. L & S F 4s. 97%
Canada So 2ds ..109% St L S W lets... 90%
Cent of Ga 5s 100% Do 2ds ... 79%
Do 1st lnc 75% S A & A P 4s!!! 89%
C & O 4%s 106% So Pacific 4s 93
Chicago & A 3%s. 85% So Ry 5s 12.J
C B & Q new 4s. 98% Tex & Pac lsts.-.HOU
C M & S P gen 4s.Hl T S LAW 4s.... 81
C & N con 7s 140% Union Pac 43 106%
C R I & P 4s 106% Do conv 4s 106%
CCC&SLg4i.lM Wabash lsts I18U
Chicago Term 4s. RS% Do 2ds 115
Colo & So 4s 89% Do deb B... c«U
D & R G 4s 1O3V4 West Shore 4s ...luC
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 W & L E 4s 01
Do gen 4s 89% Wis Cent 4s 003i
Ft W & D C 1st.. IO414 Con Tobacco 4s.. 65%
Hocking Vai 4%s. 109 n
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario 8 00
Breece 75 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con .. 15 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel. 05 Potosl u2
Con. Cal. and Va. 1 30 Savage '.'.'. 03
Beadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nev 10
Horn Silver 1 SO Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver OOjstandard 3 40
Leadville Con 05 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— .. ■;. Mining Shares— .'
Call loans 4 05 Adventure 16
Time loans ...4%@3 Allouez 2%
Bonds— Amalgamated ... 66'
Atchtson 4s 102 Baltic 31
G as 1 st Pi Bingham ! ." 24
Mex. Central 4s.. SO Calumet & HecIa.5<»0
N. E. GaE & Coke oH . Centennial 103 V.
Railroads — Copper Range ... 45%
Atchison 77% Franklin 11
do preferred 100% Isle Royale 18%
Boston & Albany. 250 Mohawk 2.1%
Boston & Maine . . )!il Old Dominion .... 2l2
N. T.. N. H. & H.210% Osceola ... ;'
Fitchburg pfd ..Hi Quincy .. *"*133
T'nlon Pacific ...101% Santa Fe Cop!!!! 2V.
Mexican Central.. 21% Tamarack ... 220
Miscellaneous Trimountain 2«
Amer. Sugar 109% Trinity 12%
Am. Tel. & Tel..l«r% United States .... \?A
Dom. Iron & Steel 21% Utah inu
General Electric. 2SO Victoria... . i'
Mass. Electric ... 32%'winona !!' i%
T- d .° f r £L fer , red -• «0 I Wolverine 45%
United Fruit 94 | . ' a
Nezu York Money Market.
■}.-' ••.-■■
NEW *)RK. Dec. 23.— CJos?— Money on call
was firm at 4081,4 per cent; closing and asked
'4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 5@5& per cent
Sterling exchange was steady with i-tual
business In bankers' bill, at $4 87% ffr^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
mand and at $4 'S3Ue4 83% for sixty days.
: Posted rates, .$4 84JJ4 84%.
Commercial: tails, $4 S"i4 " -'
Bar silver. 55 % c. '..•-•
Mexican dollars, 43%c.
Bonds — Governments, weak; States, inactive;
railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 23. — To-day's
statement of --'the Treasury shows: Available
cash balances^ $170,904,924; gold. $114,113,380.'
New York Grain and Produce.
#• — *
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,097 barrels; exports, 10.275; firm, but too
dull to allow of any advance.
WHEAT— Receipts, 34,200 bushels: exports,
327.45S bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. S89lc f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. S6?6c elevator; No. 1
northern Duluth. 87%c f. o. b. afloat; No. '1
hard Duluth, 94%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were surprisingly active • and strong all day.
Heavy covering influenced by strong south-,
western markets, bullish foreign markets, crop
damage reports, foreign . buying and bullish
weekly statistics were the features. Closed very
firm. l@l%c net advance. March, 87',i@SSM,c,
closed 8S»^c: May. 86Y*&S~ 3-16c. ■ closed 87%c:
July, 8(3J^@87c. closed 87c;- December, 84y>@
S5%c, closed 85%c. • . .
HOPS— Quiet. •
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet and unchanged.
Coffee futures were steady in tone at a de
cline of 5@10 points. Total sales included
January. 0.55@6.6Oc; March, 6.75c; May, 6.95
@7<J; August. 7.25c: September, 7.35c; October,
7,40c; November, 7.45@7.50c. !
SUGAR — Raw, easier; fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3 21-32c; molasses sugar,
2 15-16c. Refined was weak. No. 6. 4.05c- No.
7, 3.95c; No. 8. 3.85c; No. 9. -3.80c; No. 10,
3.75c; No. 11, 3.70c; No. 12, 3.70c; No. 13,
3.65c; No. 14, 3.65c; standard A, 4.45c; confec
tioners' A. 4.45c; mold A. 5c; cut loaf, 5.15c:
crushed, 5.15c; powdered, 4.75c; granulated,
4.65c; cubes, 4.90c. .,:•.. '
BUTTER— Receipts. 4418 packages; firm.
State, dairy. 15@23c; creamery, 16@25o: June
creamery, 15<g21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 3434 packages; demoralized.
State and Pennsylvania. 29c; Western, at mark,
23@2Sc; Southern, at mark, 23@27c.
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated apples were quiet and steady
State, common to good. 6@S%c; prime. 0@0%c;
choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were dull and un
changed.
PRUNES — 3%@7c. ■
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c: Moorpark, 9%
10^ EACHE %— Peeled. 12@18c; unpeeled, 7@
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23— Wheat had the floor
throughout the session. It alone of all the
grains showed a semblance of activity and had
a uniformly strong tone. At the outset cables
were weak and this with the break-up of the
cold weather presaged a setback for wheat.
It was with some surprise that traders saw a
steady opening and a still steadier advance In
the leading cereal. Weekly statistics were
slightly bullish, but the strength of Saturday
was carried over despite the holidays to-mor
row and Christmas, and there was a good
show of buying orders. /The scarcity of red
winter wheat and the anxiety of millers to se
cure what there was on the market, however,
did the work. Winter wheat sold in large lots
at 4 cents over May and 85c was quoted for
smaller sales. The foreign demand was re
ported good and private advices stated that
stocks abroad were too small to permit of any
decline in prices at Liverpool.
On these influences May, which opened %c
higher to %c lower at 80%@81%c, . sold up to
s^tt a closed strong, l@l%c higher at 82®
Corn had a dull, narrow market, little af
fected by the strength in wheat. . May cloasd
steady, unchanged to %c up at 67@67%c.
Oats had a fair commission house traJe and
were moderately active. May closed «c higher
at 45%@45%c.
Provisions had a steady market with lard
the leading product. May pork closed Toe up.
lard 5@7%c higher and ribs 5c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. Hirh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 77i/i 78^ 77^' 78^4
May .81% . 82V 4 80T5 S2?|
July 81 . 82% 80% 82
Corn No. 2 — -
December 63% 64 63% 64
May 67 67V4 C6% 67%
July 6G% 66% 66% 66%
Oats No. 2 —
December 44% 44% 441J 44Vi
May 45^4 45y 3 45*i 45%
July 39 39Vi 39 39Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl — :
January 16 40 16 45 16 40 16 45
May ..16 82% 16 92>£ 16 S21/& 16 82&
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 0 75 0 77% 9 72% 9 75
May 9 SO 9 85 9 SO 9 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 37% 8 40 S 37% 8 40
May 8 62% 8 05 8 CO v.8 65
Cash quotations were as follows. Flour,
steady, very quiet; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%@
77c: No. 2 red. S3%@S5%c; No. 2 oats. 4(j%@
47c; No. 2 white, 4S@49V 2 c; No. 3 white, 47%
@4S?i; No. 2 rye. 65%c; fair to choice malt
ins barley, SSMtO'Clc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 58;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60; prime timothy
seed. $6 40@6 50; mess oork. per bbl. $15 40@
15 50: lard, per 100 lbs. $9 72%@9 75; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 35<gS 45; dry salte'l
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 80@S 90; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 40.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41,000 • 28.000
Wheat, bushels 31,000 21.000
Corn, bushels 103.000 43,000
Oats, bushels 123.000 1S7.000
Rye. bushels 10,000 in.OOO
Barley, bushels 63,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market ■was steady; creameries. ]5®24c; dai
ries, 14g20c: cheese, firm, 9%@10%c; eggs,
weaker, fresh 2Cc. ' -
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
, Wheat — March. May.
Opening -. 6 3Vi 0 3«i
Closing G3^ G 3&
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening Holiday
Closing
Flour —
Opening
Closing
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.— Cattle— Receipts, 17,
000, including 300 Texans; westerns active and
10@25c higher. Good to prime, $6 25@7 05;
poor to medium, ?3 80@0; stockers and feed
ers, $2@4 <!5; cows, $1@4 75; heifers, .$1 50<3>
5; canners", ?1@2; bulls, ?1 75@4 50; calves,
$2 50@6; Texas-fed steers, $3 75@-i 75.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 40,000; to-mor
row, 35,000; left over, 7000. Mixed, steady;
heavy, shade lower. Mixed and butchers',
$5 70@0 20; good to choice heavy, $6 25@0 50;
rough, heavy. $5 80@6; light, $5@5 75; bulk
of sales, $5 80(@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; sheep active and
steady; lambs steady. Good to choice weth
ers. $3 OO®! 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 C0@
3 40; western sheep, fed, $3@4 00; native
lambs. $2 50® 5 10.
ST. JOSEPH. .*>?-;,.i
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 23.— Cattle— Re
ceipts, 1500; market steady to strong. Na
tives, $307; cows and heifers, $1@5; veals
$2 50@5 25: stockers and feeders, $2@4. !
HOGS — Receipts, 7000; market 5c higher.
Light and mixed,- $5 50WB 85; medium and
heavy, $fiff?« 55: pigs, $2 75@4 50; bulk of
sales, $5 75@6 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 300; market for best,
steady.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. — There ' were no
special features apparent in metal circles at
home or abroad, aside from slight advances
in tin and copper at the latter point, but this
failed to stimulate business, and generally
normal conditions prevailed. Tin at London
finished the day at £1 5s higher, with spot
quoted at £102 10s and futures at £101 17s 6d
The local market was better and closed at
(23 35, ■ but - very dull. '
Copper in London also gained £1 12s 6d to
£47 for spot and £47 15s ' for futures At
New York prices were as before quoted lake
at $13, electrolytic at $12 87^ and casting at
$12 50, with the tone dull.
Lead was unchanged here at'S4. but eased
oft Is 3d to £10 2s Od for spot at London
Spelter declined 2s 6d at' London to*£16 12s
6d, but was unchanged and dullhere at $1 45.
Iron was dull and unchanged. Pig Iron
warrants, $10 50@ll 50- No 1 northern foun
fjry, $jo 50(316; No. 2 foundry, southern.
$14 RO015 50; No. 1 foundry, southern. $15®
10. and No. 1 foundry, southern soft, $15@17.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 49s Od, and
Middlesboro closed at. 43s 4%d.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. December 21, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Wheat, 5S.S80, 000 bushels; decrease, 551,000;
corn, 11J31.000 bushels; decrease, 56,000: oats,
5.fio9.000 bushels; decrease 143.000; rye. 2.5fiO,
000 bushels; decrease 78,000; barley, 2,049,000
bushels; decrease, 809,000 bushels.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Cotton closed 3@7
points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— Consols. 04 l-16@04 3-1C;
sliver. 25iAd:- French rentes. lOOf SOc; cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 6d; English country markets, quiet; im
ports into United Kingdom wheat, 310,000;
imports into United Kingdom, flour. 100,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom,
2.G20.000; wheat and flour on passage to Con
tinent. 1.120,000; Indian shipments of wheat to
United Kingdom. 6000 quarters; Indian ship
ments of wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 23.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6a 4%d@6s 5d: wheat in
Paris, holiday; French country markets, quiet
and steady; weather In England, frost.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32s.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 23.— Clearings, $455,
922; balances, $27,712.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 23.— WHEAT, firmer;
Walla Walla, 60@61c; bluestem, 62c; valley,
Cl%c.
Cleared— British ship Riversdale, for Queens
town, with 132,246 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 23.— WHEAT, 2c higher;
62c; club. 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — $4 84y t
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight... — 07%
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..... — ii%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are steady at 36s 3d
as an average quotation for spot.
A number of disengaged vessels have ar
rived during the past day or so. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage
of 50,830, against 59,160 tons for the same date
last year; disengaged, 12.7S5 tons, against
tiS2S; on the way to this port, 169,200 tons,
against 110,540.
WHEAT— The foreign markets, though firm,
were dull, owing to the holiday season. The
Paris Exchange was closed. The world's ship
ments for the week were as follows. In quar
ters: Russian, 134,000; Danublan, 48,000; Ar
gentina. 21,000; Indian, 6000; Australian, 2000.
America Is now considered the controlling fac
tor In" the world's markets, owing to Its very
large crop.
Chicago advanced from 81c to 82%c and was
firm and fairly active, though the crowd fought
the advance. There was good commission buy-
Ing and the- general Sentiment was bullish. The
American visible supply decreased 551;000 bush
els, the first decrease for some time.
This market advanced, both on and off call.
The Produce Exchange has adjourned to
Thursday, over Christmas, following the exam
ple of the New York and Chicago exchanges.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 05@l 06U; mill-
Ing $1 07% per ctl. - .
- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000
ctls, ?1 08U; 16.000, $1 08%.
Second Session — May — 20,000 ctls, $1 08; 2000
$1 0S%; December — 2000, $1 04%; 2000. $1 05!
Regular Morning Session — May — 10.000 ctls,
$1 08%; 6000, $1 08%; December — 20,000, $1 06;
4000, $1 06ft. • " • * '-? - -r ■ |
Afternoon Session — May— 14,000 ctls, $1 08%.
BARLEY — The market o'pened the week very
firm, with a further advance, accompanied by
some improvement in the demand.
Feed, 81 Vic for choice bright, 78%@80c for
No. 1 and 77 %c for oft grades; brewing and
shipping grades, S5@S7%c; Chevalier, 80c©fl
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Infof-mal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 16,000 ctls
80%c; 2000, ,80%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Dealers continue to quote a very firm
market, with moderate offerings and a steady
demand, chiefly for local consumptive account
Grays, $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed; whites, $1 15@1 30; Surprise, $1 30®
1 35; black. $1@1 12% for feed and $1 104i>
1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%<3il 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 25@1 37% for seed.
CORN — Is rather lower and dull at the
decline. There is nothing new from . Chi
cago. Large yellow, $1 30®l 35: small round
do. $1 35@1 40; white, $1 S0@l 35 per ctl.
RYE — Steady, and unchanged at 75@S0c per
cental. '
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 51 65 per cental.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 CO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 C0@2 75 per barrel . for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual dlstcount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, .$4; Oat Groats,$5: . Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 B0; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85<3>
8 35; In sacks, $0 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
, f
Bran and Middlings are very firm, and the
latter have again advanced. Receipts of Hay
are not heavy, but the market Is not at ' all
firm. Corn products are no lower, though the
raw grain is declining'.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, ?28 50(529: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50: Cracked . Corn, $31 50@32 •
Mixed Feed, $1G®17.
HAY — Wheat. .$9011; fancy, $11 50@12
"Wheat and Oat, $8i?j)ll: Oat. $7<g!10; Barley
and Qat, $7(50: Alfalfa, $S@0 50; Clover, ?6@7;
Volunteer, ?5 50@S; Stock, ?5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47Wc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and Seeds continue very quiet
and prices have shown no change for a week
or more.
J BEANS — Bayos, $2 S0@2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, ,52 80@3; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink, $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 50@3; Black
eye, $3 60@8 60; Llmas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 50*5:3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary, 3V4@3^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah. 8%c; Rape, lUgl-ftc; Hemp, 3&c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 65; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were again heavy, be
ing. 05G8 sks, including 5 cars from Salinas
and 2 from Oregon. Prices showed no change.
Six cars of Sweets came from Merced, and this
description was weak in consequence.
Onions stood the same. A car cama In from
Oregon.
The few mushrooms coming in are selling
.high. Los Angeles vegetables continue to
bring good prices.
POTATOES— 80c©?l 10 for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60: Ore
gon Burbanks. $1 25@1 f>0: River Reds, $1 50®
1 fiO; Sweets. 90c<g$l 10 for Merced.
.ONIONS — $ per ctl; Oregons, $1 50@2.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles. 10@12^c: String Beans from Los Angeles,
12'/2@17c: Cabbage, 40<i?50c per ctl; Toma
toes, $1@1 50; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25®
1 M per box and $1 7602 25 per crate; Dried
Peppers. 9@17%c per Ib; Dried Okra. 12y.iS20c
per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers,
fOc; Garlic, - 1Vl@2^c; Green Peppers, 35@50c
per box for Chili and 35<S50c for Bell; Los
Angeles do, 4@5c per lb: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 15c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles. $1 25@1 75; Marrowfat Squash, $5@S per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $5@8; Mushrooms, 20®
Poultry and Game.
■ Turkey* monopolized the market yesterday.
Receipts , of dressed were . about 200 . toi:s, but
they cleaned • up very well . under . a brisk;de
mand, it was reported that there were about
It; cars of Eastern dreaded on the market, but
if so they did not depress quotations any. They
were quoted, at 12%@15c per ib. The Eastern
Ti'iki.\s were -niinlv good stock, thi.ugh a cer
tain percentage did not come up to expecta
tions.
A car of Eastern live Poultry was received.
Game was about as before quoted, with ar
rivals of 150 sks. .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@18c; Live
Turkeys, i:j@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,
$2<g v 2 25; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $5®0
for young; Hens. $4 f>0@5: young Roosters, $4 50
<S5; old Roosters, ?4 50@5; Fryers, $4®4 50;
Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and $3@4 for
small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $2 50®.'!; Canvasback, $1 50@3; Sprig.
?l 00@l 75; Teal, SI; Widgeon, $1; Small
Ducks. $1; Black Jack, $1; English Snipe. ?2:
Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese
$1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers, ?$
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market showed lltle or no change yester
day. The best grades of Butter and Eggs con
tinued well cleaned up, though second grades
of Butter were reported still plentiful and
dull. Cheese was also weak under liberal sup-
Receipts -were 20,600^ pounds of Butter, —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 365 cases of Eggs,
— — cases of Eastern Eggs, 5600 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese, i
o^ U ?^5. R ~S reamery ' 25 @26c per lb for fancy
and 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17^@22c*
store Butter. 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c: Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c; old. 10^@ll%c; Young
America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
fESt£ B r R * at % t 34 @ 35 c for selected large,
31(fi33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair:
store, 24<g2<%c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
25c; Eastern, 20@26c. •••
-Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 25@1 65; Seedlings
45®65c. . • .
All kinds of fruit remained as before quoted,
and the market was featurless. A car" of fancy
Apples from Oregon sold at $1@2 per box.
Fancy Cranberries are cleaned out, which ex
plains the apparent decline in prices. Those
remaining are very gocd, however.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra. 75c
©51 25 for good to choice and 20@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1@1 25.
PERSIMMONS — 20©50c per box
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $0 50@ll per bar
rel ; Coos Bay. $2 50@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and SI 50@2
for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@$l 25; Tangerines
i5 c *?f 1; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l; Lemons'
50c(g$l for common and $1 50@2 for good to
choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $2
@3; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, $1 75&)
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c@$l 75
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues in first-class condition,
all kinds being In good demand and firm.
Chestnuts have advanced.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums pitted,
4%@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%o for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@4c for
black and 3@3%c for white.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40-s 5i4@5%o; 40-50's. 4%@5V4c; 60-60's.
4%@4%c: bO-70's, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's, 3%@3%c;
80-90' s, 2%@3%c; 90-100' 8, 2%@2%c per lb*
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown 6%c; three
crown. 5Vic; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, B%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice seeded, 6%c; do in bulk,, fancy 6%c
choice, 6%c per lb. "■
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@llc; Walnuts, No. 1
EOftshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell,
0c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. ll@12c for papershell
9@10c for softshcll and ft*J7c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts 1238
12Vic; Filberts. l?@12%c; Pecans. Il@l3c^
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
11 %c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber, extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per Ib.
Provisions.
The local market continues steady and un
changed. The' Chicago market stood about as
before.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12 %c for light medium, 13 %c fory light,
14}£c f or extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12^c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50@23*
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound. . m
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll^c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12Vic; 6-lb tins I2%c
3-Ib tins, 12%c. . '
COTTOLENE — One half -barrel, 'lO^c; threa
half-barrels, 10c: one tierce. 9%c: two tierces
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. *
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND, SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 0@9%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 0%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry. Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
16c; Sheecsklns. shearlings. 15@30c each- short
Wool. 40@60c each; medium, 60@8Bc; long
Wool. SOc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and SOc for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium Eklns, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, COc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb: No. 2,
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901 — Southern, de
4%@5c; grease, 3c.
fectlve, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine
13@15%o; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good
9@llc; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln. 6@8c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@10c; do. defective, 8@9o
per lb.
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Another advance in Hogs has occurred. They
are scarce again. Other meats are in light
supply and firm, but unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows:
BEEF — "%@8%o for Steers and. *fc%@7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8%c; small, S@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8V6c; Ewes, 7%@S>c
per lb.
LAMB— 9<89%c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs, . 5%@5%c; sows 20 per cent off;
boars, 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hoga,
7<S8ttc . •
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, J ic lees than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c. ' ;
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. ?7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 CO; Wallsend, $8 50; co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
(8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
OILS — Linseed has again advanced. Cali
fornia Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c; pure,
§1 20; Linseed Oil In barrels, boiled. CTc;
raw, 65c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 54c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels', 85c; cases, 00c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 60c;
Whale Oil. natural white/ 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases. 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63&c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21%e: Benzine, In bulk. 14c: in cases.
20%c; Sfi-degree Gasoline. In -bulk. 20c; In
cases, ■ 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 5S^c per gallon In cases
and 523 in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:-
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated, B.15c;
Dry Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c;
Fruit Granulated, 5.05c; Beet Granulated (100- '
lb bags only). 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra
C, 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c; D. 4.35c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOc more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos
half-barrels, 5.55c; boxes. 6.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 23 1901
Flour, qr sks;. 35,620 Hops, bales.'... ' 233
Wheat, ctls 10.100 Wool, sks'..:.. "in
Barley, ctls... . 87,738 T^tllow. ctls.... 240
Oats, ctls 8S0 Leather, rolls.* -83
Corn, ctls l,660:Wlne. gals 76,780
Beans, sks ' 450' Brandy, gals... 3,000
Potatoes, sks.. 8,940 Sugar, ctls 000
Rye. ctls 1,300 Quicksilver, flks 83
Onlons, sks.... 470 Pelts, bdls . 122
Middlings, sks.. 548 Hides. No 270
Hay, tons 531 Raisins, bxs.... 3,050
Bran, sks 1,400
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 0,100/
STOCK MARKET.
Trading was dull in all classes of stocks on
the morning sessions. On the Bond Exchange
Gas and Electric was lower at $42 50 and Cali
fornia Wine firmer at $S8 50. Alaska Packers'
was strong at $170. Giant Powder sold at $S2
and Market-street Railroad at $86.
There was no particular change In the oil
stocks.
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold at
$40 and Gas and* Electric declined still further
to $41 75.
West Shore Oil was ex-dividend of 5c yes
terday.
The Bay City Oil Company assessment of 5c
per share became delinquent on the Producers'
Oil Exchange December 22.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Dec. 23—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar regr.lll<?iH2H 3s quar coup.t08VS —
4s qr c (new)139%140 '4s quar coup. 112 }J 113 K
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s.lOS}; — lOceanic 6s.. — 105
Cal-st 5s 119 _ bmbus C 6s.l30 —
C C Wat 5s.Hl. — Pac G Im 4s. 95% —
5 d L^ P 6s • — — Pk&C H 6s.. — 112
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s .121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.ll8%120
H C&S 5Ws.. — — Sac EOR 5s. 96 —
Do 5s — 109 SF & SJV59.122&124
L Ang R 5s. — 120 Sierra Cal 6s — — .
L A Lght 6s.l01^i — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6s.lOO — <1CO9) 113%11*
Do gtd 5s.l02%105 (1910) — —
L P & A 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s
Dolcm.5s.101 103 (1905)Sr A.107^108^
Mkt-st C (5s.l27% — (1905)Sr B.108% —
Do lem 5s. — 124 (1006) 11014111
N R Cal 6s.. — 115 <1912) 120 —
Do 5s ....121% — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s.lO7»,i — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Cal R Bs.112%113% S P BrCal6s.l30 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 115 S V Wat 6s.lll%112^
Oak Tran fis. — 125^ Do 4s 102«£ —
Do 1st c5s.Hl — \ Do 4s 3d mlCOftlOlU
Oak W g 5s.. 104% — Istktn Gas 6s. 102 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 76 iPort Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.... 58 — I Spring Val.. 86 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2 s ?; Pac Light... 45 47U
Eqt G L Co. 3 3T4 Sacramento . — 35
Mutual — 5% S F G & E.. 41% 42
O G L & H. 51% 52 San Fran 5% 5%
Fac Gas Imp — 10 'stktn O & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.245 — / /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — |L P & A 162 170
California ..415 421%!Mer Ex (Hq. 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F NTationl.135 —
First Natnl.325 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS. .
German ...1925 2000 |Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav. . 66 — Union Trst..l800 —
S F Sav U..525 — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..148 — "Market 85% 86#
Geary — 50% Presidio 35% —
POWDER.
Giant 81% 83 lVigorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana — 8 Kilauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ..34 — Makawell ..25 —
Honokaa .... 10^4 10% Onomea .... 22 —
Hutchlnson . 14 15 Paauhau ... 10% 10%.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.169 170% Oceanic S C. — 43
Cal Fruit Ax. — 100 Pac A F A. . 2% —
Cal Wine As. 89% — Pac C Borx.165 —
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 170 00
25 Cal Wine Assn 88 50
10 Giant Powder Con 82 00
5 Giant Powder Con, b 5 82 00
30 Market Street Railway 88 00
5 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 50
$100 U S 3s (coup), cash 108 621$
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 82 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 121 62%
50 Oceanic S S Co 40 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 10 25
40 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 00
6 S F Gas and Electric Co 41 S7%
10 S F Gas and Electric Co.. 41 75
10 S V Water 86 50
Street —
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s... 113 00
$12,000 S F & S J V bonds 123 00
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 75
$10,000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s 110 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board —
1400 Cala*Standar,d 19
500 Junction . . . '. 25
7C0 Oil City Petroleum 21
14S0 Petroleum Center rtJ
100 Superior ." " 0 <*
20 Thirty-Three ' 7 25
30 Thirty-Three 7 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Occidental of W Va 24
25 Thirty-Three ** 6 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SS2 Calectonla. ...24 1 300 Mexican ... 29
200 Mexican ... 30 I 60 Mexican ... 32
Afternoon Session.
100 C C & Va..l 60 200 Overman 09
600 Mexican ... S-l 100 Savage * (H
38 Sr ca ?.::: if 10 ° Sllver HlVi: 'S
St^- _-_-_£ Ses^r 68 la the Paclflc
Morning Session.
500 Best & Bel 12 i 300 Mexican 32
200 C C _ Va..l «O 200 Ophir '" rt
400 C C & Va..l 57% 200 Ophir .* «a
500 Gould & C. 05 600 Overman"** n»
1300 Mexican ... 30 200 Sierra Nev" 17
400 Mexican ... 29 200 Union Con. 11
300 Mexican ... 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 13 900 Mexican sir
300 Caledonia ... 25 300 Mexican !"* m
100 C C & Va..l 57% 100 Ophir 67
300 Gould & Cur 05 700 Overman""" oy
600 Mexican 33 200 Sierra Ner.. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. December 23 — i p m
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Alpha — 02 Justice itt OS
Alta ..-. 05 06;Kentuck ..." _. $
Andes 01 02^Lady Washtn 01 —
Belcher 13 14 1 Mexican .... 39 40
Best & Belch 11 12 Occidental ..03 04
Bullion 02 f«!Ophlr c« «i7
Caledonia ... 24 25 Overman .... OS to
Challenge Cn 12 14 Potosl 03 04
Chollar 0.5 0i> Savage 03 M
Confidence .. 50 56 Scorpion n±
C C & Va 1 55 1 60 Seg Belcher.. 01 o-J
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev.. 17 is
Con N York. 01 — Silver Hill.,. 33 34
Crown Point. 02 03 St Louis q±
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard .... 3 VO
Exchequer . . — 02 Syndicate ... — 06
Gould & C. 04 00 Union Con... 11 1™
Hale & Nor.. 13 15 Utah c« t) ~
Julia — 02 Yel Jacket. . . 09 JO
Lord Cardwell was In the habit of using
the church prayers at family prayers.
One day his valet came to him and said'
"I must leave your Lordship's service at
once." "Why, what have you to com
plain of?" "Nothing, personally, but
your Lordship will repeat every morn
ing: 'We have done those things which
we ought not to have done, and nave left
undone those things which we ought to
have done.' Now, I freely admit that I
have often done things I ought not, but
that I have left undone things that I
ought to have done I utterly deny, and
will not stay here to hear It said."—Mil
waukee Sentinel.
BAILWAY TRAVEL".
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sou.allt* Farry.
Commencing September 2» 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLpt
AND SAN RAFAEU VAi>I *EY
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:S0. '0:30, 11 -00 a. -
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 6:45 p m a "
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and k.
Rafael on, Mondays, Wednesday* and Sa£,
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. a batur-
BUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00. »ll:30 a _ ..
3:15, »4:45. 0:30. 9:30 p. m. ' m " * :1 f
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN >RAMOT=:orv
WEEK DAYS— "5:25. 0:2T. 7:« S'35 ,n C ?;
a. m.. -12:25, 2:15. »3:35, 4:40. 530 n ™ U5
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays, W e _,e?J, -
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 « bL day "
SUNDAYS- 6:15. 'S:©©, »10:00. *li^s „
•1:40, »3:15. 4-.4S.'* «6:30 p. m . '** *• »•.
Trains marked <•) start from San o>i..h
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FHANTiSu
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55 s-w ?£?'
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m 8 - 55 » 10 -S*i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wa*,, a
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10-33 _ w fj dnes <lay»
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m. I2^nk » ..
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. * 12 - M « 2:13,
THROUGH TRAINS
.ta^n, 8 - "• WCek «■»-<*««•» and way
B tluo 5 ns P ; m " Mills and way
«2$2£ "" Eundays - Dun «n Mills and way
Bundfyumi day bOata "«.trtl« will run « o
BAIL WAY TBAVZL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr»lm« ■•»*« nml |tr» aum »• nrrlv* »l
MAN ritAN4TIM<:O. .
> (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) ■*
UAYK — Fbom Dscember 6. 1901. — arrit*
7x00 a Benicla, Sulaun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento 8:5-1*
TiOSa Vtcitllle. W_ten,'Ru— sey 1:53*
«i3Oa Martiue*. Saa Ramon. Vallejo. N»r*.
CalUtog a ami San ta Row • >33p
SsOOa Davis. Woodland. KnignU Landing.
MarssTille. Ororiile.. 7:3.1*
8:00a Atlantic Kxpreas— Ozden and EmS M:S3a
»«««a Nile*. Lathrop, Stockton 'JsaaF
SiOOAXUes. Mendota. Hanford. Vis&Ua,
Porterrille 4:33»
SiSOa Shsata Eiprem— Davia, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs*. Wlllowi. Bed
• Bluff, Portland. 7tS9w
•i»«a San .lose, Llierm ore, Stockton,
lone, tacramento, Placerrille,
M»rySTll1«. Chlco. llmllMiKT 4i23p
»iB»AOakdale.Chlnese.8onora, Tuolumne 4s85»
•iOOa IIa> ward, Nilrs and Wai SUtiom.. 1 • »•"*»*
•:OOa Vallejo 18:23*
»iOO* Loa Angeles Kxpresa — Martinez.
Tracr. Lathrop. Stockton, Merced
Fresno anil Lot Anjwles 7:53 A
■•.nil* Vall«J<i. Martinez ami Wi; Station* 7:.V*P
IOiOUa Thn Oierlaml Umlted— Ogdeo. L'en-
* ver. Omaha. Chlcaco Bi23r
fl:O»r SaciamenU. l:i. «r Hlemnnn ♦ lllUOl>
SittUr lleniela. Winters. Racramento.
Woodland. Knixhti ],»ndlni.
M«rys»llle. Otofille l«:3.1 a
S:3»r Hay ward. Nlles ami Way Station*.. 7:33 1
4ii»<»i> Marline*. Han Ilaiunti. Vallejo f f
Nupa. «;nllsti> K a. HhkU Kosa »i&5y'
4iOOp Niles, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 12>vSp
<iMrHiyw»rd, N«l«n, a»n .!.■««. Lt»»rraor« t"!*-**
4:SOr The Owl Limited — Fresno, TuUre,
Bakersaelil. Saiigna fur Snnta Bar-
b*ra, Los AiikhIvs 9:394
3i«iAp Port Costs. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 »:23a
OxOOr Hartinrz. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12>23r
•:««r Hiyimil. Niles and Han Joi» 7i.»3»
|«i»»r Vallelo 11:834
OiOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdeo, Denrer,
Omah*. St. Louis. Chicago 4:23a
7iOOp Oregon ami Oalifornla Kxi'rimi.Naa.
rimiMiitii. Murynvllli, ISdiIiIIiik,
rortU.i.l. rnget H.ini.tl mi,l K.mt 8:33a
Sin.tr San Fablo. Port C'oata. Maxtinea
uxIWmBUUobi 11:23a
|8:03p Valffjo 7;.-v>f
COAST LINE <?Jnrrow U»n K t).
(Foot of Mnrkot Street.)
H:!»« Ne<Tar!c.U«iitHrillle,San.lo*u, Krltnn,
lioiiMer Cr»eic..Saii»*.f;rii7. mul Way
Stations 3:3U»
tSil lit Neirark. CentervllV. 8un .lose, Nm»
Aim* ilon, Knlton, Houtiler <.'re«k, •
SanU Crur. ami I'rlncina! Way
Statlonn lOi.'.OA
4il.1p Newark, Han .lose. I.ns Gatos t"»:.*<»4
nO.ttop Hucters' Train— San Joso and Way
Stations f?-ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS msClSCO-Jjoi of Kuket Street (Slip SW
t/:l& 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:J3 5:15»*.»«.
FreiaOHUND— Nil »' lho«J»«j.— fii;UO {fj.oa t3;C«
10:U0a.h. 12:00 2.00 1:03 1*. U.
COAST IilXC (Uroa.l l.-jtu K »).
('IhirJ »ml To«nw;ul Sto.)
A:I»a San Jcse and Way .Stations. BzToX
7:0OA flan Jose »..il Way Stations f9:l»or
/7i«»A Nan Almailen / -l:l«»
SsOOa Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gilr<>y. Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
Eanra Barbara. Lo* ADgeU-s and »
principal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43v
ViOOaNuh .)«,««, Tiei I'icos. Haiita Criir,
rnriiic (Jrote, t-alirns. W»n Luis
Obispo an>t Principal intermediate
Stetlama -I: I Op
1O:»Oa San Jcse and Way Stations. »i.16a
ll::if»A a»n .lusa ami \V»j SUtimn -J: 10a
tXilSr San Alateo. Ueiliri<o<l. Mi-nln Park,
Vald Alto. Man U Clara. Han Jose.
Tres Pino*. Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Vomerey aiwl Cacllic Hro»e (10:43a
8:»Or 5<im.1oSB anil Way Stmtions. !<»»»
♦4:l5r Pan Joneaml Principal Wsy Station* 3i3O>>
4i3Of Snnset Limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days, Tridayii. for Loi Anzeles. El
Paso New Orleans and Nevr York.
ArriTe.4 Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOil.i*
{3:A0rSan Joan, Los Gatoa ami Principal
Way Stations ♦!>:<><>»
OirtOp San .J use »n. I Principal Way Stations «:«»»>
«::»>r S»., .l,,g. a ,,,| \V*ir MuMmu TiMf
7zOOr New Orleans Hxprem — fan Lnta
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Doming. El Pa*o, New Or- •
leansand East 7:3ftA
allt43p San .lose ami Way Station* ?;30»
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
tSimrtnv rxo«i>t«il. ! Sunday only
_ a Saturday only. / Tuwj»y» and Frirtaya^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS — T:3O. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr»
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1 :60 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saa Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS — 6:10. 7:50. 9:20 11:10 a m.:
12:45, 3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leavt. I la Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901J San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Days. | dayg. | Destination [ day3. | Days.
7:3Cam 8:00am Novato, 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm 0 :20am Petaluma. 6:05pmil0:25ani
6:10pm SrOOpm Santa Rosa. 7:3Sym| G:2upia
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
0 :00pm Healdsburs. 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:55pm 6:20pm.
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8 :00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25ara
S :00am Cuernevllie. 7 :35pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
■ and
B :10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm I S:00pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton. for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hoplaad for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal, Willits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to All points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. ChronicU
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street F«rry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
f^ Dally Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 0:0O a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:30 w a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13% 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visaiia.. 3:39p 6:0Oa
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
*• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is tho California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
•4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
_ San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _ Sun- Weeic
Days. davs. n^u*-**""*--; days. Days.
F«i». 3» rr»Drt«c» to Summit ir.a Rrtn™. II .».
SakrtOAoM, 021 )_JU_T STRICT ut 3ACS— JTO FSI_T.
~— -— — — £
/^%k Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■flit H_ G_Q HEARST ST. Established
g&«4 S^jii-BL i n 1*34 for the treatment of Private
IE I Bw J_CT £>l?n»;>ae*. Lost Manbood. Debility or
yari^y«**<lisf-ase wearlDgon hody «n«l mind and
rWaHwSSjaskln Diseases. The Doctorctires wliea
_S^S||S3 others fail. Try him. Charges low.
rnnranlcfil. Callorwrtl*
Dr. J* JT« tUUBUA. Saa Francisco. Cal. — 'GIFT OF THE GROOM TO HIS BRIDE
IS ONE OF ROTY MARRIAGE MEDALS
Miss Lulu Rued of Oakland Is Wedded to Hugh McColl
Webster of San Francisco, the Ceremony Being Per
formed at the Home of the Young Lady's Parents
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.-The first im
portant social function of the
Christmas week was the marriage
this evening of Miss Lulu Rued
and Hugh McColl Webster of San
IraEeiseo. The wedding, which took
Place at the Rued home on Eighth street,
vras a brilliant affair and was attended
r>y about 200 guests. Green and white was
tne general color scheme of the decora
r The large, round window of the
orawing-room was transformed into a
bower and Dendant from the center of
the arch was a bell of maidenhair fern.
held m place by a large true-love knot of
broad white satin ribbon.
An orchestra of stringed instruments
rendered the march from "Lohengrin" as
the brictal party entered, Frank Webster
and Orville Overall leading the way with
in© ribbons. Miss Florence Edoff and
Mies Lillian Moller, bridesmaids, followed
next, daintily powned in white point d'es
prit over white imperial taffeta and car
rying bouquets of maidenhair fern. Miss
Lillie Webster of San Franrisco, a sister
of the groom, was maid of honor and was
attired in a gown of white- net over green
££ ta i. a^? d als0 ca rried maidenhair fern.
f n b J lde ; leanln 5 on »er father's arm.
loiiowed. Her sown was an exquisite
creation of white panne crepe, chiffon and
duchesse lace. Jt was made en princesbe
and was tucked lengthwise from the yoke
of shirred chiffon to the wide flounce of
The skirt. The tulle veil was quite long
and the shower bouquet was of lilies of
the valley.
Andrew Frei of Santa Rosa was also a
ribbon bearer.
The parly was met by the groom, his
best man. Charles Bishop, and the offi
< latlng clergyman, the Rev. William IC
Guthrie. pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church of San Francisco.
After the wedding the guests were ush
ered into the large marquee adjoining the
house, where the supper was served. The
bride's table was adorned with an artis
tic arrangement of maidenhair fern. At
this table were: Mr. and Mrs. Hugh M.
Websttr. Miss Lillie Webster. Miss Flor
r-nce Edoff. Miss Lillian Moller, Charles
Bishop, Frank Webster. Orville Overall.
Andrew Frei, Mr. and Mrs. Willard Wil
liamson, Mr. and Mrs. Herman Rohns of
Detroit, Miss Winnie Morton, Miss Millie
P!agemann of San Francisco, Miss Bess
"Woodward, Du Ray Smith Jr. and James
Webster.
The bride's mother, Mrs. J. C. Rued,
wore an elegant gown of ack silk trlm
rred with black velvet applique and du
<:hesse lace. Mrs. Webster, mother of the
proom. was attired in black satin striped
silk, heavili- trimmed with jet.
MATE UTTTTTNG ARBESTED
FOB GBA2SD LARCENY
"Warrant Out for the Arrest of P. B.
Johnston and Iffarie Louise
Dordor.
George Nutting, first mate of the
Kttamer San Juan, was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging him with
jrrand larceny and was released on $50
oash ball. The complaining witness is
Samuel Batten, C51 Polk street, who al
leges that Nutting stole his diamond ring
from his room. Batten was formerly
Kteward of the San Juan. Nutting says
he bought the ring and when Batten said
it had been stolen he returned it to him.
G. F. Thcmas, 1206 Market street, se
cured a warrant from Judge Mogan yes-
V?rday for the arrest of P. B. Johnston,
.-t navigator, on the charge of grand lar
ceny, alleging that Johnston stole cloth
ing, a kodak and a revolver, all valued at
JTj. from his room.
Augustine Dordor, 1124 Dupont street,
Ftcured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
v^stcrday for the arrest of her sister,
Marie Louise Dordor. alias Madam Du
bo:3, on the charge of grand larceny.
Th«- complainant alleges that her sister
stole moo from her trunk Saturday and
left for Ihft East.
In the Divorce Court.
D:vorces were granted yesterday to Beii
JJrown from Bdna Brown for infidelity,
J.Tary E. Stone from Charles L. Stone for
extreme cruelty and Frances L. Bates
Irom Walter C. Bales for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by L. D.
Trowbridge against Henry Trowbridge for
flcsertion. Oza Meyer against Louis Meyer
fcr cruelty and Ruth King against W. C.
KiDg for cruelty.
Bank Sues City.
';;■>< Bank cf California filed a suit
r snin^t the City and County of San Fran
f'nc-t yesterday to recover $11,671 50 paid
;.;- 1*19 corporation as taxes on its prop-
BY THE AUTHOR OF "THE COxNSPIRATORS'' I
A Story of Love and Adventure |
on the Most Vital Inci-
1^^^^^^ dent (n American
■^^^ ROBERT W- J
n $1.50 CHAMBERS I
j^^a^^HARPER & BROTHERS |
Mrs. Willard Williamson wore white
chiffon over white satin, with trimmings
of duchesse lace.
Miss Mabel Webster wore a dainty
gown of pink* crepe de chine, and the
Misses Grace and Rita Webster wore
crepe frocks of blue.
The groom's gift to his bride is of un
usual interest, being one of the famous
Roty marriage medals, only five of which
are in existence. Mrs. Phebe Hearst owns
one of them. On one side is represented
the plighting of the marriage troth, the
reverse showing the fountain of life, the
oak and clinging ivy. The medal is about
the size of a half uollar and the carving
is exquisite.
Among the other gifts were a large cut
glass punch bowl from the Alpha Phi
Fraternity, of which the bride is a mem
ber, and a noted work of art in bronze
from Mr. Webster's fraternity brothers
in the Sigma Nu.
Handsome apartments have recently
been added to the Rued residence and
furnished by the bride's parents for the
young couple, who will reside there on
their return from a honeymoon trip
through the southern part of State.
The bride Is the youngest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Rued, prominent in
the German colony and in the business
and social life of Oakland. Mr. Rued has
large business interests in San Francisco
erty and franchise. The plaintiffs ahege
that the assessment on the franchise is
illegal. In that the only franchise pos
sessed by the bank is the corporate fran
chise, and that this is not assessable.
The franchise was valued by the Assessor
at J750.000.
Books Must Be Shown.
George Aubertine, secretary of the ex
ecutive committee of the Union Labor
Party, must present the rough minutes
of the meeting of the committee held De
cember 10, 1901, in Judge Sloss' court to-day
for the inspection of the plaintiffs in the
contested election suits filed last week. He
must also present the by-laws of the
committee. An order to this effect was
issued by Judge Murasky yesterday. The
trial of the contest will be held January
8. The hearing of the motion for a per
emptory writ of mandate will be held
December 30.
Queen Alexandra Is Seriously HI.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The condition of
Queen Alexandra is more serious than
has been given out and it is causing
some anxiety. Doctors are in constant at
tendance upon her Majesty.
A bulletin issued at noon to-day says
tho Queen Is progressing favorably, but
that the extensive arrangements made
for Christmas festivities at Sandring
ham, including large shooting parties,
have all been upset and that their Ma
jesties will spend Christmas at Marl
borough House.
Stage-Bobber Caught.
United States Mar&hal Shine left for
O".iah City .yesterday to take in charge
John Ivans, charged with having robbed
the malls recently on a stage between
V.'iHits and Scotia. Ivans drove the stage
on the preceding trip between the two
places and it Is aHeged that be stopped
the stage and robbed his successor. The
con:plaint was sworn to by Major Robin
son, postofflce Inspector. -
THE SAN rKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
OAKLAND BELLE WHO WAS
MARRIED YESTERDAY AND
HER BRIDESMAID.
and at one time held the position of
School Director in this city.
■ The young bride was doubly congratu
lated this evening, as her university ca
reer has just been crowned with the de
gree of Bachelor of Science.
Mr. Webster is well known on both
sides of the bay, having been a student
at Berkeley and manager of the famous
Glee Club of '98. /
CAPTAIN T. C. COLEMAN
DIES NEAR LOUISVILLE
Oldest Brother of Evan and Barry
Coleman of This City Passes
Away,
Louisville papers of late date tell of the
death at his home near that city of Cap
tain Thomas C. Coleman, brother of Evan
and Barry Coleman of this city and well
known to many people throughout the
State.
Captain Coleman was born in Cork, Ire
land, March 27, 1824. He was the oldest of
seven brothers and several sisters.
Mr. Coleman came to this country with
his brother in 1838, from Cork, Ireland.
Both gentlemen were young business men
of Cork.
For many years Mr. Coleman was con
nected with the steamboat traffic, which
was at that time the giant Industry of the
South. He ran with the New Orleans and
Cincinnati packet lines and was asso
ciated with his father, Thomas C. Cole
man, and his uncle, Captain John Cole
man.
It was while engaged in this business
that Mr. Coleman, then a steamboat cap
tain, kidnaped President-elect Zachary
Taylor by way of a joke. The Southern
idol had been elected President, and great
was the rejoicing. It was arranged by
New Orleans people that he should be
taken up the Mississippi River from his
plantation in a specially fitted boat, with
brass, bands and festivities befitting the
celebration. Captain Coleman with his
boat, the Saladin, came by a few hours
earlier than the vessel of honor and took
the President-elect on board, the latter
unaware that he had taken the wrong
boat. Captain Coleman was ever after
noted up and down the river as the only
man who had ever kidnaped a President
of the United States.
Captain Coleman was for many years
closely associated with his father in the
iron business, succeeded him as president
of the rolling mill company and continued
at the head of the corporation during its
existence. Since then he had been en
gaged in the business of an iron merchant
in association with his non, T. C. Coleman
Jr., and was regarded as a leading
authority on all matters pertaining to the
manufacture of iron.
Captain Coleraan was one of nature's
noblemen and as popular and well beloved
as any man in the State of Kentucky.
On July 3, 1849, Captain Coleman mar
ried Dulclnea, a daughter of General Wil
liam Johnson, a prominent farmer and
legislator of Scott County, Kentucky who
survives him. The union was blessed with
a large family of children, most of whom
have married and removed to other
States, but all are frequent visitors to the
paternal roof tree.
Captain Coleman's living children are:
Mrs. Edgar Moxham of New York, Mrs
Arthur Moxham of Sydney, Cape Breton
Canada; Mrs. Charles Marshall of Louis
ville. Mrs. Thomas Ward of Birmingham
Johnson Coleman of Washington, T C
Coleman Jr., Miss Bertie Coleman, Miss
Ophelia Coleman and Mrs. Jennie John
son.
For more than thirty years Captain
Coleman made his home at "The Mead
ows." his country seat in Bullltt County
on the line of the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad, going in to his business in
the city in tho morning and returning in
the afternoon, thirty-five miles each day
Husbands Want Divorces.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Suits for divorce
were begun to-day by Joseph W. Camp
bell against Ella Campbell and by Edward
W. Hatfield against Lulu Hatfleld. De
sertion Is charged in each case. Hatfleld
Is a motorman In the employ of the Oak
land Transit Company. His wife is l:i
Fresno.
FRIENDS PAY
LAST TRIBUTE
Impressive Services Are
Held Over the Late
J. J. Valentine.
Upon a Flower-Strewn Path
Mourners Follow Body
Into the Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Dec. 23.
All that is mortal of John J. Valentine,
the lato president of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
has been committed to the grave. The
last rites for the man whose strong per
sonality was a factor in the history of
California were held at 2 o'clock this aft
ernoon from the Church of the Advent—
the church that he often endowed with
his presence and bounty.
Hundreds of people were there to honor
the memory of the deceased. They were
men and women in the highest walks of
life in California. Some of them were
men /With whom he had worked side by
side and helped to build the corporation
of which he was the head. Some were
the heads of railroads, some bank presi
dents—all were warm personal friends
and many were fellow parishioners.
There were many sobs heard in the little
church where the parting scenes occurred
this afternoon.
The services were directed by the Right
Rev. William Ford Nichols of the Epis-
, copal church, assisted by the Revw Charles
Lathrop. rector of the Church of the Ad
vent. San Francisco, and an old personal
friend of the family, and the Rev. Wil
liam Carson Shaw, rector of the church
in which the dead lay. Bishop Nichols
was attired in a purple velvet beretta and
the other clergymen wore white surplices.
-A. full vested choir of men and women
was in attendance.
The remains were met by the choir and
clergy at the door of the church, whence
they had been borne from the late home.
As the casket was being taken up th6
main aisle to the altar Bishop Nichols
chanted the words of "I Am the Resurrec
tion and the Life." This ceremony was
followed by the reading of the Episcopal
burial service by the Rev. Dr. Lathrop
and the singing 1 of "Lead, Kindly Light,"
and "Art Thou Weary?" The prayers
were then read by the rector of tho
church, which concluded Hie service.
Spectators Show Respect.
As the remains were being borne from
the, church the spectators stood with
bared heads until they were placed in the
hearse. The pallbearers, all of whom
were members and employes of Wells,
Fargo & Co., were the following named:
Lewis Whipple, John Haran, O. M. Berry,
George K. Carndall, J. M. Packer and Ben
jamin Gilbert.
The honorary pallbearers were the fol
lowing named:
Colonel George E. Grey. Captain John Berm*
ingham. Colonel Dudley Evans and Homer S.
King, directors of Wells, Kargro & Co.'s ex
press;* T. E. Pope and A. L. White of the
vestry of the Church of the Advent. Captain
Bryan. D. W. Hitchcock, Fred Eaton and S.
L. Everett.
Many of those present followed the re
mains to Mountain View Cemetery, where
the final rites before interment were ad
ministered according to the Episcopal rit
ual. « .
BITTER ATTACK
ON GARDEN CITY
Article in Los Angeles
Paper Is Traced to
Writer.
S-iecial Dispatch to Tin Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23.— An article recent
ly published in the Los Angeles Times, de
faming the city of San Jose and calling
it the "Sodom of the Pacific Coast,"
formed the subject of an address by
Mayor Martin before the City Council
this evening. The article had been com
mented on in the various church pulpits
and other meetings and aroused consider
able ill-feeling, in view of. the fact that
'the Improvement Club was spending hun
dreds of dollars monthly to attract East
ern tourists to this city.
The Mayor's address opened with an
apology to the improvement committee,
which he had treated rather curtly at its
last meeting. He then said that he had a
report to read from Police Captain New
berry, whom he had commissioned to go
to Los Angeles and ascertain the name of
the author of the defamatory article. The
report showed that Franklin Hichborn,
an itinerant newspaper man and the Ex
aminer correspondent, had written the
article.
This threw the Council into a furor of
excitement. All the members expressed
themselves. Some said that any one who
would write such an article about his city
should be severely dealt with and one sug
gested that a coat of tar and feathers
would be a fitting measure, The report
was received and action went over for
further conference.
The article in question appeared in the
Times of September 3. After dubbing San
Jose "the Sodom of this coast" it went
on to say that this city, was worse mor
ally than Philadelphia. It continued:
There is a serpent in San Jose's Eden, a
Bang of political boodlers, the equal ot
which curses no other municipality of this
great commonwealth, not even Ban Francisco.
This corruption, the article declared, ex
tended from the Police Courts to the
Mayor's chair and from the kindergarten
to the head of the State Normal School
and all the courts of the county.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to James T. Brady,
21, and Jeanette S. Beukes, 18, both of
Vallejo; George E. Farbusch, 26, Benicia,
and Daisy Barker, 21, Livermore; Claude
Overlln, 35, Oakland, and Kate C. Auclair,
29, Berkeley: Lester B. Reiff, 24, San Jose,
and Frances E. Powell, 20, Oakland; Al
bert A. S. Hansen, 22, and Emelia C.
Thomsen, 19. both of Oakland; Alfred Ja
cobs, 22, Alameda, and Louise SpradlhiK,
18, Sutter County; George H. Thall. 22.
and Agnes McDonald. 10, both of Oak
land; Charles D. Willson, 21, and Cora
S. Troutt, IS, both of Oakland; Walter
S. D. Grantham, 29. and Emma E. Ma
lone, 25. both of Oakland; Edward J.
Broad, 27, San Francisco, and Edna F. J.
Moore. 21, San Leandr6; Henry P. Layass,
22, and Mary A. Maderla. 17, both of Elm
hurst; John S. Crawford. 28. and Laura
E. Covell. 21, both of Alameda; James B
Young Jr.. over 21. San Francisco, and
May B. Sylvia, over 18, Oakland; John C
Piver, 27, San Francisco, and Alpha Suss
man, 23, Alameda,
McKinley Monument Fund.
The following shows the present condi
tion of the McKinley memorial fund:
Previously reported, $28,955 40; Crown Pa
per Company, $25; Fisher & Co. (I) Montgom
ery »t.). $20; Aaron B. Hunt, $1G; Redding
Primary School, $13 30; Sargent S. Morton
$10; Easton. Eldrldge & Co., $10; Officers
League of Cross, First Re&lment, $10; O W
Kline, $10; B. h. Huster, $10; George A. # Ber
ton. $5; P. J. Tomalty. $5; o. W. Huer, $2;
C. F. Baker. $2; John R. Wood. $2; W. Gregg
$2; school children, First National Bank, $1 ;:5'-
R. K. La Morte, $1; J. N. Rosekraina, $l; ( J
H. Schafer. $1 ; "VV. J. Donaldson. $1 ; B D
Dean, $1; .T. W. Masten, $l;.Long, $1; W, ■ B*
Compton, $1; E. H. Schumacher. $1; L. w!
Horton, 50c; A. R. Babcock, BOc; Thompson,
60c; Morton, BOc; F. J. Jones, BOc; M. A. Pres
ton, 50c; F. n. Bergman. 50c; H. I,. Tindale
60c; John Walsh. 2(5e; E. Owens, 25c; E M
Dewltt. 25c; Mark Colltnn, 25c; Robert .Win
chester. 25c; Humboldt School, 30c; total to
date. $29,112 50.
The fund will bo closed on the last day
of the year, leaving but a short time for
further subscription!), and Intending sub
scribers are requested to do so immedi
ately.
MERRY CHRISTMAS FESTIVALS
MAKE MANY LITTLE TOTS HAPPY
Fair Sex Brings Gifts With the Yuletide
to Gladden, the Hearts of Children.
Baby Baldwin Gives a Holiday Party
THE San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children at Mission and
Twelfth streets was the scene of
a liappy Christmas festival yes
terday afternoon. Seventy-one
children who are being cared for by this
worthy institution had their arms filled
with presents from the Christmas tree.
The young ladies of the San Francisco
Nursery Auxiliary had the arrangements
for the festival in charge and united their
best efforts to make the hearts of the
homeless waifs glad. They have been
busy for some time past increasing the
auxiliary fund in various ways in order
that they might be especially generous
on the present occasion. The. result was
"The^ee^waf loaded 'down with gifts
which were placed in the hands of the
children by a typical . Santa Clau S> who
was the father of two of the little girls.
Santa Claus also made a speech, danced
the stately minuet; walked upon his hands
and performed various other "stunts to
the delight of the children.
A pleasant programme was rendered by
the little ones themselves. Icecream and
cake were served. •
'ine officers of the auxiliary are:
Mrs O. D. Austin, Miss Susie Wells, Miss
•Violet" Rulofson, Miss Margaret Gibb.
. The managers of the nursery are:
Mrs. J. Bertz, Mrs. James Elder, Miss S. E.
Cowell Mrs. S. B. McLenegan, Mrs. W. E.
Jackson, Miss C. V-. Truslow, Mrs. William
Frank. Mrs, O. B. 'Burns. Mrs. R. H. Coun
tryman, Mrs. F. L.. Gould. Mrs. William Hol
lts Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Mrs. C. M. Kinne, Mrs.
Guy Manning, Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs. H. E.
Osborne, Mrs. E. F. Preston, Mrs. William
Thomas, Mrs. F. V. Wright, Mrs. W. S.
Leake and Mrs. A. Dernham.
The Society of Doctor's Daughters had
their Christmas festival yesterday after
noon at the First Presbyterian Church, ut
Van Ness avenue and Sacramento street.
About fifty children enjoyed the liberality
of their benefactors. The Christmas tree
was laden with presents provided by the
Doctor's Daughters.
The programme arranged was very in
teresting.
Miss S. MeEwen, 2015 Broadway, is the
president of these earnest workers and
Mrs. W. D. Fennimore, Hotel Savoy, is
their secretary.
Three hundred children, enjoyed the
Christmas tree of the Pioneer Kinder
garten Society at Golden Gate Hall yes
terday afternoon. '
The first free kindergarten west of the
CONGREGATIONAL CLUB
ENJOYS A BANQUET
Professor Andrews of University of
Nebraska Delivers an Impressive
Anti-Pessimistic Address.
The members of the Congregational
Club "held their December meeting last
night in the banquet hall of the Califor
nia Hotel. After the business of the
meeting had been transacted the members
partook of a sumptuous spread. About 200
Congregatlonallsts were assembled around
the tables, which were prettily decorated
with flowers and blossoms. The evening
was pleasantly passed with speeches, mu
sic and social converse and the occasion
will long be a memorable one in the an
nals of the club.
The event of the evening was an ad
dress by E. Benjamin Andrews, presi
dent of the University of Nebraska, who
had for the subject of his remarks, "Anti-
Cassandra— A Rap at the Croaker." Ho
delivered a very impressive argument
against pessimism. He reviewed the great
political and. economical problems that
confront the American people and pointed
out the ways in which they may be
solved. -
Sodality Elects Officers.
The Young Ladies' Sodality of All Hal-
Iowa parish has elected tho following
named as its officers for the current
term :
Misa Annie Ayers, president; Miss Llllle Tur
ner, vice president; Miss Clara Wunsch, sec
retary: Miss Margaret Mlley, treasurer; Misses
M Flaherty, Mary Mlley, L. Waltera and J.
Recan, counselors. . . ■
Sanitary Seduction Work3 Wins.
In the caso of the Sanitary Reduction
Works of San Francisco vs. the California
Reduction Company, United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow yesterday gave a dee
cree" for tho complainant. A perpetual
injunction was granted and $25,000 dam
ages were . awarded as prayed for. Suit
was begun December 19, 1808.
Cosmopolitan California illustrated profusely
In Christmas Wasp. Types of all nationalities.
Send it to foreign friends. •
CHARMING LITTLE HOSTESS AT
A BIRTHDAY PARTY, AND HER
MOTHER.
Rocky Mountains was founded by this
society in 1878. Three such institutions
are now maintained by this society, yes
terday's audience comprising the Silver
Star Kindergarten, Pacific and Sansoraa
streets; Adler Kindergarten, Second and
Folsom streets, and Mall Dock Kinder
garten, 218 Brannan street.
Exercises preceded the distribution of
the gifts. Each child had a pair of stock
ings hung about his neck, one filled with
apples and nuts and the other with candy
and animal crackers.
' Mrs. L. F. Monteagle, the president,
gave the tree, and the decorations were
the work of Page and Kenneth Monteagle,
Leonard Abbott Jr., Philip Faymonville
and Mis3 Harvey Anthony.
Messrs. David Blxler and M. H. Hecht
arc honorary presidents of this society.
The active officers are: '
Mrs. L. F. Monteagle, Mrs. M. B. Kellogs,
Mrs. Willard O. AVayman, Mrs. George A.
Moore. Miss Kate Atkinson, Mrs. Grinbauni,
Mrs. M. H. Hecht. Mrs. Sigmund Stern. Mrs.
A. H. Vail. Mrs. Herbert Folger, Mrs. George
Beveridge and Mrs. C. F. Muillns.
Miss Edna Ruth Baldwin, the S-month
old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. C. Bald
win, 2034 Steiner street, gave a babies'
Christmas party last Saturday afternoon.
It was a unique affair, the guests ranging
in age from 6 to 11 months. A Christmas
tree afforded much pleasure and many
presents were exchanged. There was also
a short musical, programme.
Mrs. Baldwin was assisted In receiving
by Miss Aiice Harmon and Miss Emily-
Peterson. Refreshments were served and
the guests departed at 5 o'clock.
The children present were:
Norma Bailey, Edna Ruth Baldwin, Ethel
Berthelot. Gladys Cross, Marion Dennis. Ells
worth Dennis, Wallace Durbrow, Rosalie
Hagan, Phylls Hand and Herman Steppens.
The chaperons comprised:
Mrs. Alfred Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Baldwin, G. Feria Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs. O.
C. Baldwin, Mrs. I. L. Berthelot, Mrs. Cross.
Mrs. W. H. Dennis, Mrs. A. Durbrow, Miss
Emilie Edward, Mrs. Hagan, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Hand, Miss Alice Harmon, Miss Maud
Long, Mrs. E. Peterson, Miss Emily Peterson.
Miss Daisy Peterson. Mrs. Steppens, Miss
Neameta Vaa Pelt and Miss E. Wolf.
This evening Colonel Isaac Trumbo and
his charming wife will receive at their
residence, 1533 Sutter street. For the past
five years Colonel Trumbo has ushered in
Christmas in quaint fashion. His home
is usually filled with friends, who play
games appropriate to the season of the
year. Carol singers usually fill the house
with melody.
The colonel has a gift and a cheery
word for every guest, and his wife makes
an excellent hostess. The magnificent
collection of paintings in possession of
the Trumbos are taken sTom the safety
vault and are exhibited in all their splen
dor. The collection is the most valuable
and choice in this city. He has old mas
ters and canvases from the brushes of the
distinguished artists of the day.
Invitations have been extended to more
than a hundred friends. The rooms will
be prettily decorated in holly and Christ
mas berries.
ELIGIBLES ABE NAMED
FOB STJBVEYOBS' PLACES
Civil Service Commission Announces
'* Nam^s of Those Who Passed
Becent Examination.
The result of the recent examinations
for surveyors and engineers under the
employ of the Board, of Public Works was
announced yesterday.- The following were
certified as ellgibles for surveyors:
Edward J. Mortar, 91.3: S. Harrison Smith
80.8; Horace D. Cates, 87.6; William C. Pidgei
8tf.4; Arthur H. Sanhorn, S3.8; John Halst
81.4; Harry N. Hollidge. 83.3;, Carl Hilpisch!
81.2;- Charles H. Holcomb. 80.8; Olaf Win
ntngstad, 79.7; James B. Oowden. 77.1; Edward
A. Parker, 77; John R. Price, 75.5.
Three examinations were held for the
different classes of men employed in thd
work and as soon as the results are made
public by the Civil Service Commission
ChJef Engineer Grunsky says the entire
engineering and surveying force will be
reorganized. The men employed In the
wcrk receive about $150 per month.
Lawyers Praise Ferral.
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral is making
strenuous efforts. to escape the fine im
posed upon him for contempt of court by
Judge Dunne last week. The hearing of
Ferral's application for a writ of habeas
corpus, by means of which he expects to
escape punishment, was on before Judge
Graham yesterday. The entire afternoon
was occupied by ex-Judge D. T. Murphy
and Attorney RIordan. who spoke on Fer
ral's ability as a lawyer and his un
questioned integrity. They advanced
many reasons in support of their claim
that their client should not be punished
Assistant District' Attorney John T
Greany opposed them, and spoke at
length on the merits of Judge Dunne's
proceeding. The case was submitted.
Alleges Breach of Contract.
John Stephens, a machinist, is suing
the Union Iron .Works for $761 for breach
of contract. He claims the defendants
agreed to employ him for one year, and
that at the end of one month he was dis
charged without cause. He sues for the
amount of wages he would have received
had the contract K een kept.
FOOTPADS ROB
HARDWARE MAN
C. F. Emerson Is Held
Up by Three Men
in His Store.
Victor Mitchell, a Laborer
From Seattle, Robbed
in Chinatown.
The three men. ■who held up Mrs. Oels
in her grocery store at 253 Stevenson
street Sunday night are supposed to have
done a similar job at the hardware store
of C. F. Emerson, 521 Howard street, th«s
same night.
Emerson reported at police headquarters
yesterday morning that he was In hi*
store Sunday night about 10 o'clock when
a man knocked at the front door, which
was locked. Emerson opened, the door
and the man said he wanted to buy a.
boiler and was in urgent need of it, or he
would not have disturbed Emerson after
the store was closed.
Emerson turned around to show the
man the boilers he had la stock -when ho
was struck a violent blow from behind,
which knocked him down. "While he was
on the floor the man grabbed him by the
throat and held him down. Just then two
other men ran into the store, and whiio
one turned off the gas the other went
through Emerson's pockets, taking |LJ
and his silver watch. The three men then
ran out of. the store- Emerson was so
weak from the blow and the choking ha
received that he was unable to follow tnem
or give the alarm. He could only describe
the man who wanted to buy the boiler,
as he did not get a good look at the other
two. The one who first entered was
about 25 years of age, five feet ten inches
tall, smooth shaven and dressed in dark
clothes. "■•
Victor Mitchell, a laborer, who arrived
from Seattle last Thursday, reported ti>
the police yesterday morning that he was
held up by two men somewhere in China
town Sunday night about 9 o'clock and
robbed of $65 ami a gold watch. He was
living at the California House and had
been drinking on the Barbary Coast. He
remembers making his way to his lodging
house through Chinatown when a man.
jrrabbed hold of his arms and forced them
behind his back and another man went
through his pockets. He thinks they were
Chinese, but could not be sure. He was
arrested for drunkenness shortly after
ward.
Machinist Stabbed by Hostler.
As a result of a. quarrel John Hock, &
machinist on the transport Thomas, was
stabbed in the right shoulder and had one
of his thumbs almost severed from his
hand last night by John Lee, a hostler
in the Arcadian stables. In the -early
part of the evening Lee and another em
ploye at the stables quarreled and Rock
acted as mediator. His interference dis
pleased Lee, who in consequence made a.
murderous assault on Rock later in the
evening at the corner of Sixth and Clara
streets. Lee ■was arrested and charged
with an assault to commit murder.
Hebrew Ladies Elect Officers.
The Ladles' Auxiliary of the Young
Men's Hebrew Association formed a per
manent organization last Sunday after
noon. The meeting was held at the rooms
of the association in the Supreme Court
building and the following officers W3ro>
elected to serve for the ensuing year:
President, Miss Adele Levy; vice presi
dent. Miss Belie Michael; recording sec
retary, Miss M. E. Harris; financial sec
retary. Miss Janetfe Coleman; treasurer,
Miss M. Blum.
Soldier Got the "Woman.
John Beck and Martin Foley, sailors,
appeared before Police Judge Fritz yester
day on a charge of disturbing the peace.
They were lighting at Kearny street and
Montgomery avenue early Sunday morn
ing to determine which would go houi©
with a woman, and during the fight a sol
dier walked off with her. They were ar
rested by Policeman Cavanaugh. The
Judge dismissed the case.
Captain Moffitt Arrested.
Captain S. H. Moffitt of the steamer
Tueapel was arrested yesterday by the
I*r-!ted States Marshal on a charce of
having permitted an alien immigrant to
land without permission of the United
States Immigrant Commissioner. Jle was
released on furnishing a bond in the sum
of $1000.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
CASSIUS M. COE DIES
AT COLORADO SPBINGS
Well-Known Newspaper Man of the
Pacific Coast Succumbs to
Bread Tuberculosis.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Dec. 23.—
Cassius M. Coe, a we,ll known newspaper
man of tho Pacific Coast, died in this
city to-day of tuberculosis. He founded
the Summit County Times and the Robin
son Tribune In this State. Later he en
gaged in newspaper work in Tacoma and
Seattle, and was actively engaged
in newspaper work In San Francisco.
He was president of the San Francisco
Press Club in 1S95-97. In 1SS9 he founded
the Nome Gold Digger, of Cape Nome,
and was proprietor of the paper at the
time of his death. He came here a short
time ago for his health.
"Jennie June" Croley.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Mrs. "Jennie
June" Croley, journalist and organizer
of woman's clubs, died to-day in this
city from heart failure. Mrs. Croley, who
was 72 years of age. was born In Eng
land. She became a newspaper writer in,
this city under the nom, de plume of
"Jennie June" in 1S35, and achieved a
wido reputation. She organized "Sorosls"
over thirty years ago, and through her
efforts the Federation of. Women's Clubs
in this country was formed. At tho tizna
of her death Mrs. Croley wa,3 president
of the New York Women's Press Club.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Is a Shame for
Any Case of
Piles to Be Cut.
Modern science has completely
mastered the diseas: without sur-
gery or delay. Do not allow your-
self to hz butchered until you have
investigated. Over one thousand
cases permanently cured without
a single failure, 500 of whom live
in the city of San Francisco. The
names of 75 prominent business
me.i sent as reference. Do not
take my word for it, but find out
what they have to say. The
worst cases wanted. Write to-
day ior further particulars. Ad-
dress Resident Physician, Box
2673, Call Office, San Francisco.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market ana Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
."!00 Hayes street: open until 0:30 p. m.
«tn McAllister etrect; op n until 9:30 p. m.
Sir. Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission ■treet; cpen until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
ur.til n x>. m.
IOC Eleventh etrwt: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets: open until 9 p. m.
C200 Fillmorp street: open until 9 p. m.
IttEETIJVCS SPXDAY.
C. V. MILLER" S grand Christmas materializ-
Btng seance to-morrow; 1 p. m.; 50c. 10S4
Bush street.
MEETING NOTICES.
OFFICERS and members of Potrero Council
No. 7-t, Y. M. I.: Officers and members are
hereby notified to att«nd TO-DAY the fu-
neral of our late brother, Patrick Howley.
from lii« late residence, 1104 Tennessee St.
By order ED. O'PONNELL. Pres.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper.
in th« Gray Lizard mine, in Butte County,
near Rackerby, to deposit tailings In Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman. In
the Tannery mine, at Oreron Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings ln Oregon Creek;
and from Manuel Fernandez, In the Inde-
pendence' mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County,' to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, give* notice
that a meeting win be held at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on Jan.
uary C. f!X>2. at 1:30 n. m.
THE annu.-U meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
<~al., will be held at Its banking-house. 301
Mor.tcoTn^ry ft.. S?.n Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 1*. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
'cr the <*n?iitns >var and the transaction of
Mich other business as may come before the
raeetirr. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
A wniuK'P ncn-s for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
tc, popes, in r»-rar>r>pr fr-r mailir.g: $1 per year.
ASI'HALTIM BOOFIKG.
CITY APPHALTUM CO.. <J32 MarkeYst"— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2.'*32.
ASTROLOGY. ~~ I
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualifica- j
tion. undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days. puceesFtuI ventures, gems and !
odors, by mail If desired. RAYMOND, 1)91
Market Ft., rarlor 4. '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE tree; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St., cor. Stockton
ADVICE free; divorce private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections: attachments; mortgages :bil!s of Bale:
partnerships; deeds;wills drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, lOCS^i like, r. 4. opp.5th.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
~VY. DAVIDSON, 1)27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
k?t »t.: con.-ultation free: no fees in advance.
BICVCUSS — For Sale or E:chanef.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
Urppyt assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pino and Market sts.
UOOIvS XEW AND OLD.
FOR aftrclcgical, occult, metaphysical books
go to 142a Market gt.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — ?20<!0; SALOON, about 20 feet from Call
building; rent $12Z; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE, i
-O'yii Krarny Et.
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted In pork anJ deli-
catessen store close :o Market Et. ; good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call li.
G. wilki:. 2« ! 2 Kearny ?t.
A— $1000; CORNER gro:-ry and bar en Taylor \
et. ; rent 525; place es^tabl. manv years and i
doing a pood business; value in tight. Call !
P.. G. WILKE. W% l.earny st. j
A— $3G>>; CORNER salocn with 3 rooms; rent !
?2e; good business and finest location in the !
Atif -.sion. Call B. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st. |
A — 1000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab- j
lish^d years; Mm-class paying; located close (
to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call sen. R. G.
WILKE. 20Vj Kearny st.
A — f 50"; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a I
rushing and good paying business; rent only i
*3f>; place easily clears per month. It G
WILKE, 2« 1 / 2 Kcarny Et. , i
A— $:<(K); SALOON including 8 furnished rooms; |
a splendid paying business; lease; location I
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call !
R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st. j
A— §i;00; SALOON, Sansome Et. ; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 20>A Kearny."
A—? 1 0(*>; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; rent
t'jii net; good paying business; no better lo-
ca:ion on Sixth st. Call It. G. WILKE, 26',£
Kcarny st.
S'J", — BARBER Fhop, 4 chairs, old stand, near j
Market, or. Vth bt. ; $2MJ. lodging-house, a j
bargain, 1(J rooms; oigar stand. S5C0, $G00; I
drug ftore. S200n, DECKER. H21 Market st.
BARBER shop on a good busy street: -i chairs; j
cl.3 stand: $275. DECKER. 021 Market et.
£225— PARTNER wanted where profits are $78 !
per week: no cxpernce. See Decker, 921 Mkt. j
$40nn-_«iO-r;OOiI lodging-house; all newly fur- I
nished; situated on very busy corner: 10 bay- !
•windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also J
TM others; fee us before you buy. MILES & i
<~Q.. 927 Market et., room 208. '
Sl'X-j — GROCERY and bar In Mission: good i
l.-us. ; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co.. 927 Mkt. j
$lX«l— SALOON. with 3 rmo. and cellar; money- i
maker. MILES & CO.. 'J27 Market St.. r. 208. j
RESTAURANT. S?4 Pacific st., will be sold |
at auction Tuesday, Dec. 24, at 11 o'clock, j
MorSRIDE. auctioneer.
FOR SALE — At a great bargain, a restaurant !
and oyster house in good location; must be !
sold t>y 24th. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Mar- |
kct ft., room 2. i
BRANCH bakery produce delicatessen'
Price only $500 i
Rent 515 3 living rooms ;
For sale only by STEXBKRG & CO., 709 Mkt. j
HEALY & HEN'bERSOXrphone James 2771.
0 Eddy r-t.. rooms IS and 19.
Hot* Is. n-ftaurants. lodging-houses, grocery I
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases '
Mon<y to loaa on any of the above. ' '
SIARKET-ST. Faloon; clears X100 month.. $1200 '
Market-Ft. restaurant; clears $100 mo.. 500 I
Restaurant: half. SjO. or whole; snap.. 90 :
<!igar stand: Third St.; sickness CO i
DROWN & CO.. 3221 Market St.; upstairs.
A — SSTIi : KUTCHER shop in nice country town; ''<
fine fixtures; horse, v.-agon; good trade. ■
STRAND & CO.. 203 Kearay st. j
A— FOR cigar Ftrmds that actually make money !
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg. j
SPLENDID chance to out cigar store in sa-
loon entrance. Box 3116, Call.
FCR SALE — Saloon Sxtures. Apnly at sa^
loon, C14 Front t-t.
f2C0— RESTAURANT: 714 Kearny st: one^
third its value; must be sold to-day.
$50<! — STEADY man partner in a sure safe
reliable paying business; trial given before
buying. Business Board Trade, 320 Pine Bt.
ROUTE for gale— A route on this paper. At>-
Ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle et
Santa Cruz, Oil.
FOR tale— A good planing mill in a lumber
vn.ro 1 : located in a growing town. Address
V. O. box 453. Healdnburg. Cal
CANDY, icecream store; living roomis; great
bargain; ir.urt sell. B. B. Trade, : 328 Pine.
FOR Kale cheap — Splendiuly located, well pay-
Ing i-efetaurant. Apply 1522 Kentucky st.
IHARXESS drop for cale. 305 Fifth £t.. near
jleom.
shop for sale. 205 Eighth
TOPI. • , ;, t
I >>n!» — Oa!l newspaper route: BOO 'names;
»>■>• term* to buyer. Inquire tol. Kate liO47.
1 — 3-CHAIR barber shop; sacrifice for a
l'.ck sale. Call CIS Sacramento et.
CDY store end factory, with living room.
T sale: 2ocouut illnefs?. 2474 Mission et.
PEEK'S eewi for 5 c^nts— The Weekly Call.
pages, ir: v.-rdnrxr f"r mailing. SI per year.
LODGING-HOL'SES VOW SALK.
CAMERON & CO..
V.ii Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Room 6 21, TZ and Si. Phone Bush 328.
« cur list of bargains.
! r. ; low rent; best house in city; never
changed hands: income $000; investigate.
'< r. ; total expenses $175; apartments £3250
i r. ; rent B140; first-class room, houte.. 325U
: r. ; rent *150; part offices; good house. 1800
' r. ; rent ?45: ccr. ; oak fur. ; clears $100 850
r.; Jones residence; nice home 000
r. ; lent $45; modern fiat; reduced 375
i r. ; nice res.; good loc.: fur., car., red. 1350
, Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
ARION GRIFFIX, 719 Market et.. sins. 1-2.
Money to loan on lods-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for eale on my installment plan.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
Rizes anfl prices, in all parts of the city; get
our lirt first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
18-R00M HOUSE, RENT ONLY $50
Fine Location
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market et.
30 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
33 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 2000
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
20 rooms ; on Kearny 140.)
IS rooms; rent $50; sickness 1250
18 rooms; sunny corner 1OO0
10 rooms; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 • !>50
100 rooms: clears $400.. 0000
60 rooms; clears $350 0(500
54-room corner house 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy st 750
18 rooms; on Third st • 1)50
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATR..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 700.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st 1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
15 rooms, new. sunny cor., part cash.. $1600
17 rooms, sunny, nice yard, see this 1200
IS rooms, rent $60. part cash 1250
18 rooms, Geary st., ex. for clear ppty
24 rooms, rent $45, sunny cor., paymts 600
22 rooms, rent $52, N of. Market, only.. 650
27 rooms, best corner ln city, rent $100. 2500
46 rooms, cor., rent $115, Investigate.. 2850
A NOTICE: — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. ' John 531.) 906 Market St., cor. Ellis.
Largest list Lowest price Best terms.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7G5 Market St.— We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before bus-ing Investigate our list.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
A^cTv. MILLER', world's famous materialize
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis. beL Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun..
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
. letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
MUSTAFA'S spirit materializing development
circle; 25c; Tuesday evening. 731 Twenty-
sixth street. Oakland.
XMAS services by Mrs. Seal and spirit mes-
sages to-night by Mme. Young. 005 McAl-
lister St.; 10c : __^__
A — PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St. ; satisfactory
readings, 00c, $1; circle every night, lVc.
: W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex.Saturday; admission 10c. • 14S Sixth.
: K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th, ;
nr. Guerrero; cir. Sun. eve., 25c; sit. daily. ;
PROF. PRICE, M. O., lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology; new system. 137 Hyde.
MRS. HANDLEY. trance and bus. medium; :
readings daily; affairs of life. 2703B Mission.
MME. THYES. all receive tests; Sun., Tues.,
Thurs.. S p. m.. lCc; priv. read. JH)3 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
~ CL.A1KVOYANTS.
OXE~ DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00: $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re- |
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar- |
Ty, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
i how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
: Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third sts. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
, 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
I medium, is uermaner.Uy locate! at 1200 Mar-
ket Et., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
: with special terms. Dailv and Sunday.
■ A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.: readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife; j
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Ct'a j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card J
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladiesC0c,
gentsjl: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk j
ISMAR. the Egyptian Ginsy.clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op- ■,
poslte Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. ]
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS II. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
EROOKS. 12OG Market— Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium: read-
ings $1 & ?2; readings by mail: satlsfac. guar.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth: open Sundays.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant: sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007^ Market.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c: gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. M. DAIN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladies, 50c; gents, $1. 072 Mission Ft
CLAIRVOYANT card readrr from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 2<!2 Minna Et.. near 4th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 510'i Leavenworth st, S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
hns removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
pr*y\rv. naT^f* «rfTWT|* ;*5c ur>. R F^'jrth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work'!
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carnet-beat-
ing Works, 353-5S7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c: layfng,
; cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301 : 023 Mission.
■ AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
; 3c renovated. r*>la!d. 104 14th St. -.tel.Capp 2542.
I ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 2C3.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Et.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIKOPOUISTS.
INGROWING toenails. bunions and corns cured
(painless); no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
ropodist, indorsed by med. profn. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. Ctn
floor. 016 Market st. : advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage. « rooms and bath; West-
! orn Addition. Apply SHAINWALD & BUCK-
; BEE.
DENTISTS.
i A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 027 MarkerstTEmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
I able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings', $1; gold nnd porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painlets extraction.
: I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
. A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannct break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; filling* 50c:
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
• "nted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
; AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy st.— Work dona
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
] ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
! 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty gold
! crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,'$4 50
1 up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.- Sundavs
] 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. Y OX S., Manage?!
| PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bu«h
i Full net of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
I -E ri £ es ln S ' F ' : Prices extraction.
| 60c N. Y. Dentists, 960 Mission, SE. cor. 6th!
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
DENTISTS-- -Continued.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D., dentist
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
SET of teeth without j plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. /
DR.R.L.WALSH,815?4 Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext, 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'SC. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Claps rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILOER. 121 'Poet,' over' O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school * for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15-week . courses, beginning Janu-
ary «; bookkeeping . course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course ?4; classes in algebra, Anglo- Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
lree-hani drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenograpriy
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY," Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AIRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
r-$S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
• new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory |
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan tor any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHEK-
MARHH COLLEGE. Is'this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accountg; figure3.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrctt bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough !
modern methods; positions for all graduates; i
new CO-page catalogue free. ::C5 Larkin st. j
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue, j
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur- ;
vey assav. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van i
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall, i
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the !
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran- !
Cisco Business College. 12-"6 Market st.« j
ACTING— Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates, j
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
ins January. Alcazar Theater building. j
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder; i
Ital. meth. ; concert & oratorio. 1017 Sutter. |
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 100S Mission: instruments selected.
| VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre- I
j pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st. ; !
day and even, classes; send for new circular. I
Chicago Business College. 14,55 Market, nr. 10th. j
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $8 mo. j
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $."> mo. 1024 Mission nr. filh.
E.tIPLO\*31ENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks |
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI- i
NOSHITA, 12.« Page,cor.Lyon;tel.Fell S501. >
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds; i
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO. i
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. ;
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- \
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8. ■
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most j
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516. j
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi- j
nese help. 42<> Powell, nr.Suttcr:tel.DIack 5072. ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE. I
GOOD cook or general housework, city or coun- i
try, American family; wages $25 to ?'i0; good ■
reference. Box 3117, Call office.
j SITUATION wanted as cock In a mine by a j
i competent woman; good manager; can fill
; position Jan. 3rd. Box 3148, Call office. ;
j SITUATION wanted by a working housekeeper |
in hotel or private home, city or country, ;
j after Jan. 1st. Addres3 box 2901, Call. !
A LADY wishes to nurse contlnement cases or
j take care of invalids. Call or address 434
! Jessie St., off Fifth. — - •
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader i
and amanuensis to an invalid a few hours '
daily or tri-weekly. Box 'ilS.', Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar- \
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to ?1 50 per night: $1 50
to $3 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and- j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 j
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — Position by' experienced stenog-
rapher; able to assist on books. Box 3100.
Call offlce. -
GARDENER, single man, with very good ref-
erences, wishes employment. Box 3001, Call.
A YOUNG Danish man wishes position of any
kind in city; sober and reliable; handy with
tools. Box 3150, Call. .
A TRAVELING salesman with 10 years' ex-
perience in California and well acquainted
with the trade desires one or two good lines
on commission; best reference. Box 3151,
Call office. . ■ .
BARBER, year and a half experience, wishes
a chance to finish his trade. Box 3113, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man of educa-
tion and. ability; experienced bookkeeper;
references. Box 3112, Call.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
for one or two horses. Box 2541, Call office.
WILL pay $25 to the person who will secure
me a position which will pay about $50 per
month, by middle-age man of. excellent hab-
its, such as night watchman or light porter
work of any kind. Address box 2172. Call.
PAINTING, paper-hanging, kalsomining want-
ed: have my own tools; for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable; drop postal; will
call with samples. Box 21C4, Call offlce.
BUTLER-VALET lcavinj California for the
East wants to make journey as attendant to
family or invalid; .city ref. Box 2170, Call.
YOUNG barber wants position afternoons. Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 3138. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as cook in
private family. E. M0RIM0T0, 023 Sacra-
mento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220 Fillmorq at.
FINANCIAL. 7 ~
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed lind
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 320 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— S7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market; thorough, good business
proposition: Investigate. Box 3149, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
OAK, 1009 — Flat to let and~njraUure~for'salel
new; never been used;' frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements 1
• looking out on park; rent ?37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat. 0 rooms ar.d finished attic;
*un in every room all day; fine location, view
and grounds. NW. cor. Portola and Waller
Bts., between Pierce and Steiner.
POLK, C30, bet.Turk and Edd"— Modern middle
flat. 0 rooms: rent -$37 50; no children.
FLATS TO LET — FUH.MSHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bTth~a7id~Iaun^
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
5 o'clock. 79 South Park.
FURNITURE .WANTED. <J
WILSON buys all kinds oTTiousehold~~goodT
1710 Market st ; tel. South 413. ,
A. WOLLPERT 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS, LEVY, 1133 Market.', j
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in~oak~$4lf6uV~with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
MODERN 7-room flat; everything new; holiday
present for some one. Box 3141, Call office.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order;
factory price cuar. ; kept in repair. 12J Grant.
■ HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO— Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
30 first-class chambermaids, Southern Cali-
fornia. $20; 15 waitresses city and coun-
try, $20 and ?25; 3 chambermaids to wait,
?20; 2 restaurant waitresses 58.
••• FAMILY , DEPARTMENT .:.
Cooks, second girls, nurse girls, house girls,
best wages; 2 women with children, country,
$15 to $20. MRS. M. E DAY & CO.. 3J5
Geary st.
A MAN and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try hotel, choice place. $45 and found. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— 5 second girls, city and Oakland,
$20 — $25; 2 cooks, Alameda $30; nurse and
seamstress, American family, *20; 10 hotel
and restaurant waitresses, $20 — $25; man
and wife, small ranch $35; man and wife as
cook and dishwasher for men, city, $40; cook
and nurse girl, same house, Alameda, $30 —
$15; all kinds of housework; good wages;
call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sut-
ter st.-
A WOMAN and child for housework, on ranch,
$15; also woman to cook for orchard, nice
place. $20. fare paid. W. D. EWER & CO..
lilO Clay st.
WANTED — Two young ladies for out of town
hotel; good wages tc right party. Address
box 3153, Call offlce.
COMPOSITOR for occasional work on month-
ly; $10 week; state experience. Box 3114,
Call office.
DIGNIFIED business woman for permanent
position in a city of this State. Box 3009,
Call.
WANTED — Woman cook for small restaurant:
wages $!) per week. Address box 3003, Call.
A GIRL in rooming-house; come prepared to
work. 000 Mission st, corner Sixth.
WAITRESS wanted in restaurant at 310 Third
street.
WANTED — A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
St.: waees $S a week.
OPERATOR? at Lev! btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. S2'/fc Fremont St.; no rxperience
necessary: good pay, eteady work. Apply to
1IR. DAVIS.
1 ■ •»
WANTED — Working rirls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE (teaches you in 3
weeks hairdressing, manicuring, massage:
entire course $5: eve. classes: positions guar-
anteed; more calls fcr help than we can fill.
College, 23:'. Geary st, rooms 13-15.
GIRL to take care of baby and assist: $12;
good home. 819 Post st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work: electric
power; good pav. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — First-class woman cook at 30 Lib-
erty st., near Valencia, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first sts. > \
EXPERIENCED sheepskin glove makers on
machine. F. G. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramnto.
: ENERGETIC, ambitious woman for good busi-
ness opening. Box 31.40. Call offlce.
GOOD finishers on' coats: high wases and
steady job. 314 Tehama st., bet 4th and 5th.
j WANTED — A woman; good cook for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth St., corner Vermont.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. App'.y
at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S1S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office Open 7 a. m
Carpenter, city $3 day
Gardener, private place, near city.. "$25 & fd
Stableman, private family $25 and found
4 machinists, $3 and $3 60 day: 2 sash weight
i molders; 2 block makers; 15 farm hands and
I plow teamsters, $2<> and $30
Bookkeeper and stenographer, country '
$40 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
; Bakery wagon driver ¥40 and found
Cook, small ranch $30 and found
Cake baker, country shop;.. '.$40 and found
7 cooks. 3 waiters, kitchen help. MURRAY
& READY. 034-C36 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED foreman for large ranch
and vineyard; single man: California refer-
ences. Apply MURRAY &. READY. C34-C36
Clay st; »
A — WOODCHOPPERS
...Big Wanes Can Be Made on This Job...
Virgin timber Level ground
25 men to open up a woodchopping camp,
job will last 3 years; redwood, pine, oak and
hard wood; prices 75c to ?2 per cord
Cheap fr.res A good layout
__JMURRAY-& READY.". 634-G3G Clay St.
COOK for' camp,^$55; boaxding-house cook.
$10; restaurant baker. $40; restaurant second
cook, £50; hotel waiter, country, $25; res-
taui-ant waiters, $9 a week: dishwashers,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028
I Sacramento St.
! 12 WOODCHOPPERS. free fare, 00c to $1 a
; cord: niano player for country; first-class
gardener for country; farmer, $25; choraman,
$20; boys to learn trade, ?5 a week and in-
crease; farmer and wife, $40: teamster,
i $1 75 a day; block makers, $2 50 a «lay;
carriage blacksmith, S-'j to $3 50 a day; tie-
! maker?, 10c to 14c; i! carpenters .for coun-
try, ?.{ to $.*. f>0 a da-, and others. J.- F.
_CROSETT &. CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Master shinsmith; a competitive
| examination wil be held at the Mare. Island
Navy-yard, January 7, 1002, for master
! Fhipsmith, naval station, Cavite, P. I. ; pay
$0 'r>er diem. For application and further
information apply to commandant, navy-
yard, Mare Island, . Cal.
j WANTED — 2 stock clerks for wholesale dry
: goods house; must be active; those with re-
! tail experience preferred : references; salary
; $35. Box 3152. Call.
j WANTED — To work part of day, neat appear-
) ing boy, not under 17. Call Tuesday morning
: • between 10 and 11, 704 Bush st.
i WANTED — A barkeeper: German. Call bet.
j 10 and 12 a. m.. cor. Fulton and Franklin-.
i RELIABLE man drive laundry wagon; on"j
with some trade preferred. Box 3118, Call.
i .WANTED — 15 men; good wages. App'.y
| SWAIN. 213 Sutter St., 3 o'clock.
! STEADY man' with $150 cash can make $75
! month. ■ Apply at 209 Kearny st, room 1.
j WANTED — A man to work, around place. 1443
| Harrison st.
BUSHELMAN; immediately; good wages.
j Golden Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny at.
COATMAKER at PLANZ & SON'S, 5C5 Geary
street.
AN experienced kitchen man wanted: some
short-order work. Apply 631 Clay Bt.
FOR SALE— Two-chair shop; sacrifice. 013
Seventh st., near Market, Oakland, Cal.
BOY wanted, between 14 and 16 years of age,
strong and willing to make himself generally
useful, in bookbindery. MALLOYE, 422 Sac-
ramento st.
EARNEST young man willing to work for his
tuition in California Business College, 305
■ Larkin st. .
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn'$100 per week on our
propositions. . a: E. Co., 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the, world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, ■ 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue freo. . MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 035 Clay st.-
FIRST-CLASS orchestra violinist; steady work;
immediately. Box 21S0.- Call .office. v : ;
■YOlJNG«men to learn barber trade; catalogue
, mailed.' S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
WANTED — Bright young man I to sell toys.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m. -
500, MEN to buy ..new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard at. nr. 5th.
WANTED— First-class bartender. Palace of
Art, 1C Post st. .:.>-■
COATMAKER for country. .Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st •
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, 3,/ 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H." Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled. while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 ' rooms, 25c. night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
. . HORSES AXD .WAGONS. •
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at- the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 SLsth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. •
ONE- second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 4S Eighth ct. .
FOR sale — 30 fine dra-Jght horses: weight from
1200 to lfiOO. Apply for further information
at 123S Stockton St.. from 11 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— A pair of small donkeys, well
broken to double harness; must be sound and
free from vice. Box 300-1. Call.
FULL line' German Government horses alwavs
on hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, (J05 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 exDress wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
». HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; eend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXD FOL'XD.
LOST — Black and white Llewellyn setter; an-
swers to name of Rex. Return to 71 Cen-
tral ave.; reward.
RED Docket wallet: Dec. 22. Liberal reward
if returned to FRANK D. TAYLOR, 322
Pine st.
LOST— Fox terrier; white with black spots,
. wearing red leather collar with sterling trim-
mings. Reward If returned to cr>7 Devisadero.
STRAYED— Foxterrier bitch. Liberal reward
If returned to HOVi Turk st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter Bt., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A BRANCH, offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st .
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machins Works,- W& Sacramento at,
builds model9 and experimental machinerj;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles F«-nd me fnr l!?t. Mr-. H^rtz. 7CK KlUs.
MATTUKSSKS AXIJ 1'ILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415. Powell
6t; tel. liush 421. ' -. '
MEDICAL.
Dlt. O'DU.N.N'KU-- Ail \Mio aie sick and in
troubl* call and consult the specialist. My
mediclnps have been used for many years by
thousands, the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
Ufate-d; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DOXNELL. 101S Market st. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal' Univer-
sity. Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during conlincmfnt: best of care,
confinement. $1T>; room and beard, $5; infants
adopted; Will ta'ue two to work at my private
residence.GOG Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies* specialist;
ISO years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O"FarrelI st.
MRS. M. WEGENEU. ladies' physician, ha3
returned from the Ease and resumed business;
r.ome In confinement. 21!) Eddy st.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1:!12 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; orflce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and C to S:oO p. m.
HINDOOHERB nntl MRS. DAVIES' original
method of tre*iim«>nt; maternity homo; home
in confinement. 1120 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. JJ1S Market— Reliable ladies'
tpeclalist; a private home before and during
confinement; bsst medical care: low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician: 25 yrs.'
successful experience In S. F. Maternity
Home. !)0C Market, opp. 4th.
DR. MO TOY KEE. !10 Stockton St.. opposite
Tmlnn «-<iun**o; fill lilomcps rur«"1 hv hprb«.
mixes A XI> 3. ll . xl .iy**T
WANTED — Half grub stake for half interest in
rich prospect in SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who ' know country
thoroughly. Box 3115. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS" — FOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2il-hand machinery. Mc-
1NUOSH <fc WOLPMAN, VJu-IjI Fremont St.
MATTING and hanuou Furniture Wh-jiesals
mid Retail ; Special <cr Xinas; Children' j
'icy Furniture fce r .s. .
UYEDA CO.. 42? and >2\ G»arr st.
A— BUYS, rells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
He. WHITKLAW. £53-235 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap: also new
lot belting: half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. .116-MO Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Mistit Clothing Parlors.- 23 Stockton I
St.. upstairs.
TO be rVmoved, two l.ousss; 1M2-1618 Wash-
ington st. J. R. POOL. 112-i Mission St.; tel.
South 7S7.
A— $3 50 DERBY ar.d Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINK suits. 510; dress pants, *2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOKS. 427 Montgomery st.
SOLID gold 14k ladies' watch, worth $40, 'for
$22. M ANNIE'S. :J2 Stockton st.
PARTY must sell 3 diamond rings. M. B.,
. box OSS, Call office.
A VERY fine eld violin for sale. New Munici-
pal Loan Office. C17 Washington st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1S15. worth $230. only
?90. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
20-INCH full dress suit cage, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. '-'S Stockton st.
WALLPAPER. :!c a. roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. ■ 1302 Webster: tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowbnats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hana.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. •
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BP.ECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. '/,
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 5th st; tel. Folsom
LADIES' & gents' good id-hand clothing bought
&sold. Bilverman, 884 Folsom ;tel. Folsom lltfl.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Lean Office. 23 Stockton.
_^^ MOMiV TO LOAN;
HERMAN MURPHYT^oiri£x^mhier"bulTdingT
$4,600,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
......... Life interests in estates
....... Property being -held In trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems otlo.il sorts and sizes..
If You Ne€d Money ,. .
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 00:5 Examiner bl«.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5'^ & C per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln-
. terests in real estate ami legacies; will pur-
1 chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
. First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate )n probate..
: Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.............. R. McCOLGAN
. . ........ 24 Montgomery 6t., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mort£?aRds,' estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSENi
CASH'loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. . MORRELL. 009. Examiner building,
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walsworth ave., Oakland.
MONFiY TO LOAN — -Co ntinn«^««^
A RELIABLE corporation e stabllshe^,i I L;} n '|5ii :
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia. Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black o-n*.
ON real e 5 tate. 1st or 2nd in ? pt8^!S,i" d aS5
furniture or pianos without removal any
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 to a.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market st. room tirf.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ 848 MarKe.
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt. : low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 2C Montgomery si.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by Private
party; no removal; no commission; connaen-
tial. Room 3, Conjervatory bldg.. 301 Jon«»».
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Wa-lsworth ave.. Oakland.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 ,up: no rs-
moval; open evenings. Room 81. C Eddy st
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
coinmls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mr*t.
ON salaries, N Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, lift McAllister st
ONE pel" cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IP you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome ?t.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Wpgtrrn Loan Co-. "09 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN of $tOCO wanted on improved country
property, valued $7500; S per cent. Box
3140, Call.
MUSICAL JXSTItUMEXVS.
ORGANS from §35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY. |
3C8 Post st. j
FREE concert at BYRON MAUZY"S every .
afternoon and evening, Cecilian Piano Player. I
30S Post st.
HALLETT & DAVIS $35
Raven & Bacon GO
Weber 100
Chickering 125
Dunham 150
Fleischer 173 i
Arion 200
BTRON MAUZY, 308 Post st. 1
CHRISTMAS bargains: slightly used high- j
grade- pianos: i
Steinway $350 j
Lester 350
Byron Mauzy 350
Sohmer 400
Sohmer Baby Grand 650
BYRON MAUZY, SOS, 310. 312 Post st.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Fiano Co.; solo I
agents most famous and oldest American j
. makes; easy payments; big allowance for j
old pianos; rents $2 up allowed If purchased:
our new building and hall will be completed )
before March 1 ; we are now making a epe-
cial reduction for. the hriidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; imong them are all
the standard makes, from $25 up to $350; ]
open evenings during this sale. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ALL must be closed out; great nmoval sale ln
all grades of pianos; terms and prices, both
rent and installment, at your option. HEINE ]
piano co., siJ^Gj-I^ZJ!!: L_
AT this stage of the holiday business we can I
only ask you to call and let us show you 1
our goods. The prices and quality will con- I
vince you that we are giving the very best
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction; pianos as low as $75.
We take cash or payments. Wissner, Decker
& Son,/ Baumeister, Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 7C9 Market st
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock, '
both new and second-hand. I* the largest west
cf Chicago and Includes the most rellabls
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $fi per month: some good
pianos for J3. $4 nnd $5 per mouth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter Fts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
Fecond-han'l upright pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Feeend-hand organs from S2H up; new upright J
)lano3 from Il7." up. BEN.T. CURTAZ *
FON. is to 20 O'FarraM. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vos?. Sterling pianos. ,
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, SS5; six-octav* '
Mason & H.-urlin organ. $33; Steinway
square. $1GO; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, S27. r >: Bech-
stein baby rrand, Rlmost new. BOWERS &
FON. 23 Fifth St.: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us takjn back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price « ; -
low«-d on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you onlv ?0c a day to buy a plar.'j
from u?. KOHLKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
et.: established 1850.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (In-
stallment.*): open pvpnlngs until 9:30. TYIL-
F.ON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 9.T; Market st
A large shipment of LUDW1G pianos just ar-
rived: also the new CHASE & BAKER self
piano players.
OUR planes, the leading makers; nrlce $10*) :
upward; values 'oest In the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
FOR sale, account death: new standard upright
piano; guaranteed: bargain. 777 Geary st.
$17? — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHJIITZ. 10 McAllister, next Hibsrnla Ek.
UNEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one:
total cost ?.'.. 500 Hayes st. '
$125— SCHLEIP uprizht. excellpnt condition.
I7S: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SI'PKRIOF. violin?, zithers, old and new. II.
• MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p'ac.
AT KKEFFF'P. 2! Turk St.. neaf Market-
Fh"nlne«»r. PohnhPrt arM Pt^nwar harsaln*.
OFFICES A>'D STORES .TO LET.
STORE "0x30 with basement 40xS0; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st.
PACIFIC. 32J! — Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also store. 804 Sansome St.. $10.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, ln good order; all
sizes: cheap H. S. WHITE. MB Mission ?t.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MME. ZELLA, palmist and card reader; 23c
and 50c. 783Vj Market St.: bring this ad.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
- — — — . *-~-~~" - —
■ ——^— i
PATEXTS AND PEXSIOXS.
PENSION advice free: general practitioner.
Geo. P. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
I'ERSOXALS.
LISTEN! Don't buy o\*er $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship is high-priced; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more, no
less; any style. MASTEN, The Tailor. 701 |
Geary st, corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic offlce, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all r
wool pants; It's what you get for what you
pay. They are world-beaters: best value on
earth: made to order. MASTEN. The Tailor,
701 Geary St., corner Leavenworth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electric
I needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st
ELKCTR1C. light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms:
. 25a to $1 CO per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices -In America's
. best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
' 32-i Post St.; switches at bargain prices.
HOLIDAY offer — 250 cases of German Cham-
pagne, quarts. $10 per case; 500 cases assjrt-
ed wines, liquors and champagnes $4 n«r
case. F. HOLTUM. 517 California st.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready tr>
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts on
installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 15S 'sth.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton*^., near Broadway!
Slag Chon? & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 503 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where-
can be found fine stock of ladles', underwear.
PERSONALS Continued.
„..__-._,, T - nT -c; r-air and moles destroyed with
ST e r e ctri^ needle MIS3 EATOS. 1119 Butter .t.
PRIVATE detective work; «"" a ?K e^f *" : i°
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 4o7 -Minna it.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call I on
Dr. G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell : send for circular.
A _VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia st.. cor. 19th.
Mrs. Brlggs-Superfluous hair, moles k°>w"L*
by electric needle. 9t£ Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
LADIES— I will give you valuable Information
free. Ad. MME. DeHAVEN. box 2130. Call.
MASQUERADE costumes, play booKs. wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at II. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
55 LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
XLFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggets.
COO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 & CO.. tallora. 115 Kearny st. j
A PEER'S news for 5 eents-Tne Weekly Call.il
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. II per year. 1
PHYSICIANS AXU SURGKOXS.
£p c C O' DOXNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human bedy : *e»
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
X DR WONG WO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
7P4-7B6 Clay st.: *°* testimonials at offlce.
PLAXIXG AXD TUItSISG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planlne. Shaping
ar.d Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RTJPTURE^ cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 120G Market st.; treatment free: only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10;tel.5530.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALLTklrTds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest iates. Tel. Black 1124. 20a *ta.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairlng: lowest rates; phone Mint 4j. 14j btiu
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^
G"RlEA¥^ARG^i5ji^SrTYPEWRITERS^-W»
sell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter <
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 2B6. O
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 Sansome.
KKAL ESTATE: CITY FOB SAl«.
2 LOTS, Excelsior Homestead: sell cheap or
trade 'for rooming hoU3e. 313 27th st.
sHebo — HANDSOME flats, well rented: Liberty
St.: choice location. Owner, box 3110. Call.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
IMPERIAlTsETTLEMENTS.
Cheap Homes Safe Investment*.
Government ll^nds at Government Prices.
Irrigated lands in valley of Colorado River,
San Diego County, on line Southern Paciflo
Railroad.
Fertility of soil unsurpassed; water supply
absolutely safe; best winter climate in the
world; wheat, CO bushls per acre; alfalfa, 9
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksgiving
market; other fruits from 2 to 6 weeks ahead
of Los Angeles: water stocks. $20 per acre;
$5 cash, balance on time.
140,000 Acres Placed ln Past IS Months.
Crcps planted last July have already paid
for land and water.
For full information address IMPERIAL
LAND COMPANY. A. Frank Hess, agent,
453 Ninth St., Oakland.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO .
Small tracts. $60 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, a*
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
be?t fcr poultry ani general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St.. for paxn-
ph'cts nn.i information.
PROFITABLB orange, lerron, peach & prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, G Eddy st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cal). 16 pasas, sert tr> any address in th»
United States or Canada on«» year for Jt.
I JOULTRY and <ialrv ra^che* for sale; write for
j fr»«» list. C. R. WTNFTELP. P^taluma. Cal.
i ALAMEDA ADVFjtIsEMENtI
AI-.AMEPA JtE AL ESTATE.
I BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
1 arnulred by foreclosure: %* rash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKUKK.l.KV UKAIi ESTATE.
$12.500 — 5 ACRES of land in best part of
Berkeley: i) large rooms: line barn for horses
and carriages: beautiful grounds; fine fruit
orchard in full bearing: property cost present
owner $21,000: must be sssn to be appre-
ciated: only :>0 days to sell in: can subdi-
vide the property artd sell off $18,000 worth
of lots and still have home left. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
$l"0C — $:;00 CASH, balance $1*0 per month: 5
large rooms; good as new; some fruit trees;
let fiOxll.": 3 block.* to car3; house cost to
build $MCO. W. C. MORAN & CO.
5.1C00 — 9 LARGE rooms: good as new; only 1
block of U. C. grounds: $2300 cash, balance
on mortgage; grandest view in Berkeley. W.
C. MORAN &.COT
$1200— $20O CASH, balance $13 per month: 5
rooms; barn and ehic!cen-nou?e; fruit tr»es
and berry vines; lot 100x120: 1 block to ca:-a;
well and pump. W. C. MORAN & CO.
SEE the Wheeler Tract: finest view In Berke-
ley: send for maps; will build you a hou.-ie
and sell It to you same a3 rent. W. C.
MORAN & CO.. Lorin station and Schmidt
block. Berkeley.
$3750— IN the Hillegass Tract: fine 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: thoroughly mod-
i ern: connected with gas and electric lights;
lot 30x153; street work all done; enly 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
- 'Berkeley Station.
ONLY one left: new house of 9 rooms and
bath; combination fixtures; Sunshine water
heater: fine corner lot: street work all done;
near the station and electric cars; price
$3300.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
12 HOMES, ranging ln prices from K00O to
liOCO on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
ln the course of construction: all modern and
hav* from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath: situated on the local Berkeley roal.
• giving the same service and time as th» Oak-
! land local from Seventh . and Droad way to
Ean Francisco. Further information apply
. ,"i : A. J. SNYDER. v
467 Ninth «t. Oakland. CaL
Or Branch Offlce
Adeline Statior. IWfceiey.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— H18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH. $6 monthly — New unfinished cot-
tage of U rooms; 5 fine Iota, all fenced and
cross-fenced: chlcken-houre and outhouses;
Al well of fine water: large grove of trees;
away from fogs ar.d r;;w winds; 2 blocks from
electric cars and fO-foot boulevard: fine
school, church and town hall; over 100 fam-
ilies on place; very nice neighbors; a cozy
home and a bargain; price in all $690; call
or send for circular. 4"k> Seventh St.. opposite
Broadway station. Oakland: carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
11C0 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice In the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley: lot 50x12., ; rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description, and price for sala
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD 1113
. " Urnniiway: t«-leiiJioTi«* Main 10. •
[ ■■j
OAKLAND COTTAGES . TO LET.
fcUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric «er-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larg»
corner lot; lawn: Irult and shade tree* aaU
Cowers; lo» elevated; choice locality; will reut
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Elzbth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington ana
Eighth its., come within 1 block C*ll or
address 18SD Ninth aye.. Eaat Oakland.OkKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'KLAJiD II OO 51 S JIAD BOARD.
THE Fifth Avenue House — Furnished sunny
rooms, -with or without board; at reasonable
rates; 2 car lines; short walk to local. Fifth
ave. and Eighteenth st.
OAKLAXD FIKMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you rrom H. EcheUhaas^ thi*
turnlturo dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FQ R HOUSEKEEPING.
GEARY, 1225 — Bay-window parlor; mantelC
large closet; hall bedroom ; housekeeping.
HOWARD. 539— Two sunny housekeeping
rooms to let.
°'slo' li5 ~ 2 nicel - v furnished basement rooms.
SEVENTH, 178 — Large sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; large yard and lath.
BUTTER. 995— Newly furnished suite and
kitchen; gas range; complete for housekpg.
THE BELL. 1773 Market— Front bay-window
room and gunny kitchen; gas range; $15.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<t
Valencia et.
lU^MS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
AK^YLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cara to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to SI per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
lipht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 2Oi Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
1XLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
25c. $1 50 night; $1 50. fC wk.; open all night.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping flat; S
connecting rooms. ?12; Eingle, f7.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1527;— Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
HARRISON. 7S4M,. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HYDE, III914 — Sunny rooms; everything new;
for centlemen.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nished room, $5; large front room. $8.
MINNA. CJ7. corner Lighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; 51 per week; transient.
JCETV ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 1211 — Nicely furnished large sunny
front bay window room.
3^V"ELL. 207— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
*. igle rooms; running water; phone Black
4S'J9.
C'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week, mo.
£ HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
ELTTER, 320% <The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per 'week; transient.
TURK, 543 — Large front room; 15 minutes'
walk from Kearny; grate, gas. bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A ERANCH offio* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at 1098
Valencia Et.
~ ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Denslston, cor. Valencia and 21st ets —
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevalllnx
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlnerdale, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; Elngle rooms
with board. $22 60 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis — Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
eir.lng-room.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
faally hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HARRISON. 1122B — Modern flat: on« large
room, one single; with or without board.
y»'A>» NESS, C19 — Handsome furnished apart-
? meats ; conv.; 2 to 6 gents; best table board.
NIAKA. 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished eunnjr
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; rpecial- rates to toarttts.
ROOMS WAVTED.
!5VAKTED — 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing-, with bath; adults; state price. Box
3002, Call office. ■
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIE^CE^ODOLlpH~^toraEe~Tnd^IovmK Coil
offlce Post end Powell sts.; teL Main C71S.
GOLDEN WEST Btoraee 'Warehouse, $40 Mis-
elon Bt.; teL Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Movlnjr Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et. ; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDE-ND NOTICES.
arUTCAL. SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO — For the half year ending December
SI, 190L a dividend has been declared at the
r&te of three (8) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday, January 2, 1902. GEORGE A.
6TOEY, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the bIx months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deDoslts at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
fi on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
" ppr annum, free of taxes and payable on and
arter Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
£AN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cal-
ifornia Et., corner Webb. — For the half-year
•ending with the 31st of December. 1901, a.
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum cf three and forty-two one hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(£) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursday. Janu-
ary 2, 1902. LOVKLL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society, 526
California st. — For the half-year ending with
December 81, 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and aft»r Thursday. January 2
1!<ff2. GEOP.OK TOTTA'T. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMKXTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; Jn bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
1r.gs parties not required to rza Into court.
Pnom Cll. Kxaminpr btflg. : phone Black 3604.
' FItOl'«)SA»,S. " ~
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon.
January 14. 1902, and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island. Cal., a quantity of lard
oil. cotton waste, lag screws, brushes, can-
vas, dry goods, nails, locks, hardware,
screws, wire, belting, pipe set*, eteel. pack-
ing, paints, pine fittings, valves, hand and
leg irons, f-quilcees, stationary tools, fuel
<il, plates and t-hapes, steam winch and ma-
rine tools. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A K. KEX.vy, Paymaster General XJ. S. N.
12-10-01.
MAKEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were lssutJ
tvstcrdajr:
Nfnnan F. Dunne, 21, 37 San Carlos ave-
nue, and Delia F; Lane, 21, 4220 Twenty-sixth.
Kdwir. F. Demmick, 21, city, and Marie F.
Lcr«s:an. IS. city.
Kdv.-^rd M. McKeany. 31. Pfirjtervllle, and
Effle M. Hodtres. IT!, PortervHle.
Wlllli-ui Ii. Kampt.cn. -4S, city, and Margaret
L. KingKbury, 37, city.
George H. Koern^r, 22, 3 Tearl ttreet, and
Sot*ia M. Nelson. 21. Elk Orove. Cal.
Jam's M. Kecne. 37. Medford, Or., and Mol-
lie ISarncburc. i'4. Medford. Or.
Arthur ft. Andr«\ '•'■'£. J4 Marie terrace, and
V-ixr.\>t iJonovan. ;J2, *;•» Minna street.
Frederick J. Abbey, 33, city, and Frances C.
Xiyan. 2<3, Oakland.
Daniel F. Nunan, 20, DH Powell street, and
Alicia Knox. 2S. S Hayes street.
John H I>avie?, 2.". U'-iH Valencia street, and
Frances I. Judton. 24. KI 1 Alvarado etreet.
Walter R. Huff. C3. 1787 Halght street, and
May B. Goldstein. 21. l.*>30 Elils street.
Thomas Palmer, 'M. Lorin, Cal.. and Elleu
G<-«ikiii. th 375 Chestnut Ftreet.
Horace A. Parry, I5». 1412 Powell street, and
Alice M. Dalv. 24. 1112 Powell strett.
J.»sr»r Tobriner. 27. 2.VM5 Clay etreet, and
X% .'1 Leszynsky. 2.". 1822 Post street.
iL'rnest M. "Waymir*. IS, Santa Rosa, and
Sadie McAfee. 21. fi»nta Roua.
Frar.k H. Wilson, 32, city, and Katherlne
Wilson. 26, VieaUa.
Jot-eph Peacock. 24. 412 Ban Jose avenue,
and Albertina Leo. 20, city.
Kels C. Hansen. 21, Oakland, and Anna 6.
Llljerren, 2-1, city.
Frank L. Robinson, 24, 123 Oak street, and
Jessie Thornton, 25, 123 Oak street.
Justin R. Neveraumont. 30, 743 Broadway,
and Lillie M. Llngenfelser, 23, 2631 Bryant
Richard A. Anderson, 52. 1225 San Bruno
avenue, and Laura F. Knipe. 31, 2313 Twenty-
fourth street.
Charles F. Harrison, 23, 2515 Folsom street,
and Marie Serano. 19, 2109^ Mason street.
Willlem G. Blatt. 33. Detroit, Mich., and
Grace M. Wilson, 20. Denver, Colo.
Thomas E. Powers. 23. 2764 Greenwich
street, and Lulu Wright. 22. 1176 Harrison.
Wongr See, S3. 1001 Stockton street, and Hu
Lin. 20. 25 Ross alley.
BIRTHS— MRRI&SES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail w-ll not l>e Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and l>c
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COTTER— In this city. December 19, 1901. to
the wife of Thomas S. Cotter, a son.
DANIELSAN— In thie city. December 21.
1901, to the wife of Sven Danielsan, a
daughter.
GERBER— In this city. December *2. 190L to
the wife of H. H. Gerber, a Bon.
GRUEXBERG — In this city, December 22,
1901, to the wife of Carl Gruenberj? (nee
Bloom), a son.
WINKLER— In this city, December 23, 1901.
to the wife of H. C. Wlnkler. a son.
MARRIED.
DALLAS— DUNNETT— In this city, December
12, l'JOl. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, D.D., of
the First United Presbyterian Church. Rob-
ert B. Dallas and Kathryn K. Dunnett, both
of San Francisco.
RICHARDSON— NILSON— In this ctly, De-
cember 20. 1901, by the "Rev. Dr. C. J. E.
Haterius, pastor of the Ev. Lutheran Eben-
erer Church, Alfred Richardson and Dagmar
Bmella Nilson.
DIED.
Brernam, Fara.li Henry. Marraret L.
Boyhan, Edward B. Hosmer, Lyman M.
Bystrom, Leonart Kraus, Robert
Burrell. Loren M. Konis. Louis
Craven, John J. Kribbs. Herman S.
Cook, Pardon A. O'Brien. Mary A.
Callan, Evalyn Perrin, Edward R.
Dorgan. Thomas J. Papst, Lillian I.
Devlin, Annie Robertson, George
Eliais Llpman Schuler. Marie B. ,
Eccles, Mary A. Schemit, Maria
Hackett. Margaret Steinmetz, August
Huff, Marearet Sheehan, John
Howley, Patrick Truby, Sadie
BRERNAM— In this city, December 16, 1901,
at 217 Eddy street, Sarah Brernam, a native
of England, aged 47 years.
BOYHAN— In this city. December 22, 1901,
Edward B., beloved son of Patrick and Mary
Boyhan, and brother of May, Josephine and
Richard Boyhan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 7 months and 20 days.
BYSTROM — In this city, December 23, 1901,
Leonart, dearly beloved son. of Frank and
Maria Bystrom, and brother of Edward By-
etrom, a native of San Francisco, aced 7
years.
BURRELL — In Oakland, December 23, 1901,
Loren Mars, son of C. H. and Mary E. Bur-
rell, a native of Kansas, aged 9 years 10
months and 24 days.
CRAVEN— In this city, December 21. 1901.
John J. Craven, a native of Illinois, aged 7-
years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
COOK — In this city. December 22. 1901, Pardon
Avery Cook, beloved husband of Lizzie J.
Cook, and father of Laura and Inez Cook
and Mrs. R. T. Swan, a native of Wren-
thain. Mass.. aged 79 years 10 months and
29 days.
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), from his late residence. 2212 Sut-
ter street. Interment strictly private. Please
omit flowers.
CALLAN — In Colma. £an Mateo County, . De-
cember 23, 1901, Eralyn. beloved daughter of
Matthew and Annie Callan, and elster of
Georgie and Edna Callan, a native of Col-
ma, San Mateo County, aged 2 months and 8
days.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents in Colma, San Mateo
County. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORGAN— In this city, December 22, 1901,
Thomas J.. beloved husband of Annie Dor-
ran, loving father of Thomas A.. John L.,
Mary, Charlie, Edward, Annie. Eileen, Rich-
ard, Joseph and Alice Dorgan, and brother
cf Mrs. W. J. O'Brien, a native of London,
England, aged 54 years.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 25 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctobs Cemetery.
BT. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California — The funeral detail are re-
quested to meet at the late residence of our
deceased brother, Thomas J. Donran, 25
Twelfth street, to-day (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, and thenc»» to St. Joseph's Church.
THOMAS M. SEAREY. Pres.
T. E. GIBBONS, Cor. Sec.
TO the Officers and Members of Golden Gate
Council No. 84, Y. M. I.: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, T. J. Dorgan, to-day (Tuesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 25
Twelfth etreet. A. J. SULLIVAN, Pres.
C. M. O'BRIEN. Cor. Sec.
DEVLIN— In this city. December 23, 1901, at
her residence. Six-mile House. Annie, be-
loved wife of the late Mark Devlin, and
mother of James, Edward. Annie and John
Devlin, Mrs. James O'Riley, Mrs. William
Doran and the late Mark. Devlin, a native of
Canada, aged 75 years.
ICTNotice cf funeral hereafter.
ELIAS — Entered unto rest, in this city, De-
cember 22. 1901. Lirman, beloved husband
of the late Cecelia Ellas, beloved father of
Mrs. Moses Fleishman and Israel. Isaac and
the late Michael Elias, and brother of An-
shel Elias. Philip Elias of New York and
Hlrsh Ellas of Posen, Germany, a native of
Bchwersenz, Germany, aged 70 years and 3
months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2529 Washington street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. '
ECCLES— In Oakland, December 22. 1901,
Mary Angela, beloved daughter of William
J. and Katie M. Eccles, a native of Oak-
land.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 951 Thirty-flfth street. Inter-
ment Bt Marj'' s Cemetery.
HACKETT— In Oakland. December 22, 1901,
Margaret Hackett, dearly beloved mother of
James. Rose, Jennie and the late Margaret
Hackett, a native of Killarney, County
Kerry. Ireland, ated CC years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3(!2 Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a reauicm mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing: at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
HUFF — In this city. December 22, 1901, Mar-
garet Huff, beloved mother of Henry and
Louis Huff and Minnie HufE-Carlin, a native
of Germany, aged 72 years.
HOWLEY — In this city. December 22. l!>01,
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary Howley,
father of Katie Howley, and brother of
James Howley and Mrs. P. J. Noone, a na-
tive of. the parish of Kilmactleue, County
Sligo, Ireland, ated 32 years. A member of
Potrero Council No. 74, Y. M. I.
$3r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-eral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
■*~ice, 1104 Tennessee street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his poul.
commencing- at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENRY — In this city, December 23, 1901.
Manrarct L., widow of Samuel Henry, and
beloved mother of Edward L.. Ida and Grace
K. Henry, Mrs. Frances Colton, Mrs. J. A.
Winherg and Mrs. EHsha Cook, grandmother
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FCXERAL DIRECTORS AND E1IUALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF.CE 910 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
I NEW FIRM OF UiNDhKTAKbRS.
Eamuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
years: f. F. Green, late \7ith J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 MUslon street, between Seventh
. and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
I 27 ana 2» Fifth St. Tel. South 167 \5
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&.fl
j rinrtt Equipment at Modtralt RlxtfiL »
I JAMBS WcGINN, [
1 Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
I new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet. I
I Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1901.
of Edward Henry and Scott Seaton Cook,
and sister of John Landers and Mrs. Lam-
bert Werson, a native of New York City,
aged 64 years 9 months and 16 days. (Brook-
lyn, N. T., papers please copy.)
lE7"Friend6 are invited to attend the
funeral services on Thursday next at 2
o'clock at Emmanuel Bartlst Church, Bart-
lett street, between j Twenty-eecond and
Twenty-third. Interment private. Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ••
HOSMER— In Oakland, December 23, 1901,
Lyman Mason, husband of Anna Hosmer. a
native of New York, agred 62 years 8 months
and 14 days.
KRAUS— In this city, December 22, 1901, Rob-
ert Kraus, beloved eon of Edmond and Eliza-
beth Kraus, and brother of Edmond and
Elizabeth Kraus, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 yeares 11 months and 28 days.
(CS"Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from tha residence
of his Barents, 2961 Folsom street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KONIG— In this city, December 23, 1901, Louis
Konlg, dearly beloved and only son of James
J. and Anna Callun, and brother of the late
Mary Konle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 10 months and 7 days.
KRIBBS— In Los Angeles, December 22, 1901,
Herman Smith Kribbs of Oakland, beloved
husband of Ida Kribbs, and father of Her-
man and George Kribbs, a native of Ken-
tucky, aced 68 years and 8 months.
icy Interment in that city by soldiera of
G. A. R.
O'BRIEN— In this city. December 21, 1901,
Mary Ann, beloved wife of the late Felix
O'Brien, beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph
Richards and Miss Katie Purcell and the late
Charles O'Brien, and sister of Mrs. Sarah
Dowllng, Mrs. Michael Facen and Mrs.
Michael Mullany, a native of County Ros-
common, Ireland, aced 54 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 46% Norfolk street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERRIN— In Oakland. December 23. 1901. Ed-
ward R. Perrin, a native of Detroit, Mich.,
agred 70 years « months and 29 days. . . .
PAPST — In this city, December 23, 1901, at
her residence, 1375 Fulton street, Lillian I.
Papst, beloved wife of R. B. Papst, mother
of Raymond and Gladys Papst, and sister of
William Trasner, a native of Iowa Hill, Cal.,
ased 35 years.
ROBERTSON— In Berkeley, December 23,
1901, George Robertson, a native of Savan-
nah, Ga., aced 80 years. (Savannah, Ga.,
papers please copy.)
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHULER — In Stockton, December 22, 1901.
Marie Barbara Schuler, a native of Ger-
many, aged 63 years.
BCHEMIT— In this city, December 23, 1901,
Maria, beloved wife of the late J. J. Sche-
mit, stepmother of G. E. Bacon and Mrs.
L. A. Sorbier, and aunt of Teresa Bizzi, a
native of Italy, aged 76 years 10 months and
14 days.
C7*NotIce of funeral hereaifter.
STEINMETZ— In this city, December 22, 1901.
Augrust Steinmetz, brother of Sophie Stein-
metz and Teresa Keith, a native of Alsace,
ag^ed 40 years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 26, 1901, at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. A member of Marin Lodee. San
Rafael, No. 20, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In this city. December 23, 1901,
John Sheehan, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
TRUBY — Departed this life in this city, De-
cember 21, 1901, Sadie Truby, sister of Har-
riet and MaRifie Truby, Mrs. George Smltn
and Samuel Truby, a native of Pittsburg,
Pa. (Pittsburg, Pa., papers please copy.)
C?The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.'.
[07 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 2BE 5053
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS-
Edward M. Foley and Margaret Cody to "In
vestor" (corporation), lot on SE corner of
Francisco and Jones streets, S 112:6, E 20, N
•SO, E 38:4, N 52:0, W W>:4, quitclaim deed;
$100.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to James Y.
Eccleston, lot on E line of Stockton street,
137:0 N of Bush, S 40 by E 100; $10.
Matthew F. Madlgan (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hlberaia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on NE line of Sumner street, 230 SE
of Howard, SE 25 by NE 5S; $1250.
John Mulligan to C. S. Healy, lot on E line
of Twenty-first avenue, 131 N of California
street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Henry Goodman and John P. H. Wentworth
to Henry E. Bothin, NE corner lot S2, Precita
Valley lands, SW 90, S 175, SE 21,- E 00 to
point N of said lot 157, N 79. NW alonir N
line of lot 81 to lot 82, NE along lot 82 to be
ginning, all of lot 82 and portion lot 81, Pre
cita Valley lands; $10.
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates and "Wil
liam Hale to Thomas Cronin, lots 381 to 3S-4,
Holliday Mai) A: $10.
. A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Jacob Sell
mer, lot 14, block ti, subdivision 1. Castro
street Addition; §10.
Oscar Heyman to Pete F.. Emlle, Joseph
and Eugene Ferrerl, lot on NE corner of Am
herst and Felton streets. N 100 by E 120, lot
5, block S2, University Mourd; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Louise
Juzin, lot in said cemetery; $225.
David W. Cronin to Mary Cronin, lots 10 and
39, block 8. Tract A, People's Homestead As
sociation; $10.
Charles V. Kapp to John H. Durst. 1829 D.
29, all Interest in estate of Mary Marshall,
18,495, reconveyance deed; $500.
Charles H. Athearn to same, 183S D. 306, all
interest in same, reconveyance deed; $ .
George Asmussen tosame, 1842 D. 309, lot
on W line of Powell street. 75 S of Sutler,
S 20:10 by "W 100, reconveyance deed; $350.
James M. and Rachel Ellis to Edward Wolfe,
lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 311:0 W of
Stelner, W 22 by N 82:0, Hamilton Square
(recorded December 21. 1901); $10.
John H. and Ellen Boardman to (Leonide G.
Auzerals (widow), lot on E line of FlUmore
street, 55 S of Sutter, S 55 by E 93; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Whitney Estate Company (owners) with
William F. Wilson Company (contractors),
architect Nathaniel Blaisdel — Steam heating
and piping for alterations and additions to
Starr King building on lot on S line of Geary
street, 137 E of Stockton, E 112:6 by S 137:0;
$5728.
P. G. Somps (owner) with H. L. Peterson
(contractor), architect E. J. Vogel — Concrete,
cementing and patent stone on lot on NE cor
ner of Twenty-second and Bartlett streets, dis
tant 30:10 from Bartlett, N 59:5 by E 125;
$994.
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) with Electrical
Engineering Company (contractors), architect
Nathaniel Blaisdell — Elevator and fixtures for
a six-story-and-basement brick building on lot
on S line of Eddy street, 137:6 W of Mason, "\f
55 by S 137:0; $2070.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — Elevator and
fixtures for a six-story-and-basement brick
building on lot on SW line of Fourth street,
309:4ft SE of Mission, SE 34:4i£ by SW 137:0;
$2300. •
James P. Treadwell (owner) with Matt V.
Brady (contractor), architect Sylvaln Schnait
tacher — Excavations, concrete, brick and terra
cotta, constructional iron and steel work for a
four-story-and-basement brick building on lot
on SW line of First street. 55 NW from Mis
sion, NW 25, SW 108, SE 22, NE 48, 6E 3, NE
00; $7847. .
Same owner with August H. Wilhelm (.con
tractor), architect same — Carpenter, mill, plas
tering, glazing, plumbing, painting and wiring
for same on same; $4009.
Same owner with J. Hammond & Co. (con
tractors), architect same — One electric freight
and one hydraulic ram elevator for same on
same; $2000.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with W. F. Wilson
Company (contractors), architect Nathaniel
Blaisdell — Plumbing, gasfitting, piping for hose
reels and sewering for a six-story-and-base
ment brick building on lot on S line i.t Bush
street, 137:0 E from Kearny, E 08:9, S 137:6,
W 34:4'/ 2 . N 25, W 34:4%, N 112:6; $522fi.
Wiley B. Allen • Company (owners) with C.
Schutt. (contractor), architect E. Kollorrath —
Carpenter and mill work, glazing, hardware,
stucco, except painting and electric work for
alterations and additions to a seven-story brick
building at 931 and 933 Market street: $1770.
Same owner with John Quadt (contractor),
architect same — Painting, varnishing, etc., for
same on same; $10$.
* t <^> t
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J Pallman, Oakland A S Metcalf, Boston
J S Sweetser, Cal C |W Bowen, Chicago
A Johnston, Idaho A'J Elliott, Seattle
N Carman&w, S Jose 15 Galloway, WalnutGr
Chas Sheriff. S Jose E Thomaa&w, Cal
Dr Carmichael, Eureka. J I G Vest Ge'yserville
Mr & Mrs Estella Me- J B Adariis, Pt Reyes
Joutech. Sunset Mt F Goebel, Pt Richmnd
P Hamilton. Butte R Kent, Tuolumne
J Thompson&w, Sacto B Ornbaum, Mont
J Beamer. Idaho J Kreft, Harbin Spgs
J A Snell&son, Slsson W Borgwalt, Bakersfd
Mrs M Read. Tacoma G Taylor&w, OroviUe
C Weaver. Healdsburg R Cottingham, Folsom
Miss Davis. Healdsbrg G Harman, Napa
Mrs T Nelson, Seattle J C Bray, Butte
Miss Nelson, Seattle E Ireland, Winters
Wm Thompson, Reno H L Sanford, Union
R E Richmond, Reno A Poulson, St Paul
J Wlsenan&f, S Jose W Wilklns. Boltnas
H Ostrander. Merced Mrs de Silvera* S Jose
C C Ephius, Cal E W Parker Oakland
J Hlnnell&w. Hamiltn j Mathews, Berkeley
L C Cascber, Colo E J Basher, Seymour
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H H Yandle, St Joe.MojG G Titus, Ionia,' Kan,
SBreene. Sacto ;C P Schockley. Vallejo
H W Wood. Sacto F L Branderhouse, Stic
J Plowhead, Idaho , , F W Jl!es. Stockton
J M Hartley, Idaho' A M Edwards. Portlnd
W H Mumbrae, Mont C Hansen, Portland
W Wainright. Mexico C W Williams. Wash
F W Barrow, Omaha R Aune, Lewiston. Ida
Mrs Barrow, Omaha Mrs P T Weeks. Idaho
Miss »i McCarthy, N Y M Riordan. Washlngtn
M M Murphy, Auburn W W Rodehaven Aub
FIGHT AGAINST
RAILWAY MERGER
Governors of Interested
States Are to Meet
at Helena.
Will Give Moral Support to
Minnesota's Attempt to
Stop Combine.
ST. PAUL, Minn., i Dec. 23.— Attorney
General Douglass to-day announced the
appoiiitmenf of M. D. Munn of St. Paul
and George P. Wilson of Minneapolis, as
his associates in the legal fight the State
will make against the consolidation of
the Great Northern, Northern Pacific and
Burlington roads. Munn is one of the
leading members of the Ramsey County
bar. Wilson was formerly Attorney Gen
eral of the State and is now a member
of the State Senate. He helped frame the
constitution of the State and is one , of
the oldest practicing attorneys in Minne
sota.
Both of Douglass' ■ associates are ex
perts in constitutional and corporation
law.
Governor Van Sant has received replies
from the Governors of Montana and
North Dakota to his suggestion that a
conference of Governors of States inter
ested in fighting the Northwestern rail
way merger to be held at Helena, Mont.)
December 30. Governor Toole approves
and welcomes the Governors to Montana.
Governor White of North Dakota prom
ises to attend, with Attorney General
Pyle of that State. Governor Van Sant
sent invitations to the Governors of
North Dakota, Montana, Idaho, South
Dakota, Washington and Oregon, and
suggests that in addition to the Governor
the Attorney General of each State at
tend. Governor Van Sant is desirous of
securing the moral support of all these
States in Minnesota's light against the
merger.
Or INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captains Hacker, Cole and Franklin
Ordered to Washington for Duty
in Commissary Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 23.—Post
masters commissioned, California — Ley
man D. Porter, Ballarat, Inyo County.
Washington— Elmer E. Burns, Darring
ton, Snohcmish County. Appointed, Cali
fornia—R. D. Stone, Greenview, Siski
you County, vice H. S. Dyer, resigned.
These i pensions were granted: Cali
fornia—Albert H. Johnson, Monrovia, $8;
Louis Frick, Soldiers' Home, Los Ange
les, $12; (Mexican War) William N. Oz
born, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Emily J. Hummer, Auburn, $8.
Oregon — Increase, Jacob A. 1 Bradford,
Latourell Falls, $12; Charles S. Lansing,
Hilgard, ?8.
Washington— Widows, Eunico B. Leach,
Vancouver, SS.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Samuel
F. Dallam of the Fifth Cavalry has
been ordered to join his troop in the
Philippines. Captains Thomas B. Hacker,
Henry G. Cole and Thomas Franklin have
been ordered from San Francisco to this
city for duty temporarily in the office of
the commissary general of the array.
Captain Arthur Johnson, Thirteenth In
fantry, now in San Francisco, has been
assigned to duty at Evansville, Ind., as
recruiting officer.
Contract Surgeon Hugo A. Wall, now
in San Francisco, has been relieved from
duty in the division of the Philippines
and ordered to Fort Strong, Mass., for
duty.
First Lieutenant Thales L: Ames, ord
nance department, has been ordered to
visit the works of the California Powder
Company, at Pinole, California, during
the next three months -on business, per
taining to the inspection of gun cotton
for smokeless powder.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS
RUNS IN THE PHILIPPINES
Secretary of the Navy Approves an
Opinion by the Judge Advocate ■
General.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The Secretary
of the Navy has approved an opinion by
the judge advocate general that the Phil
ippine Islands are United States territory
so far as the statute of limitations applies
to naval offenses. In the case in ques
tion a sailor deserted from the navy over
two years ago and enlisted In the army.
His regiment was serving in the Philip
pines and he remained with It. The naval
authorities, learning of his whereabouts,
instituted proceedings for his trial by
court-martial on the charge of desertion.
The case came before the judge advocate
general, who decided that the statute of
limitations barred prosecution for the of
fense, it having occurred more than two
years ago, and the alleged deserter not
having left the territory of the United
State3. Secretary Long approved the
opinion and directed a discontinuation of
the proceedings against the sailor.
IEAR GENERAL SEAMANS
MAY SUCCUMB TO ILLNESS
Attack of Inflammatory Rheumatism
Leaves His Heart in a Very
Weakened Condition.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— General Wil
liam \V. Seamans, adjutant general of the
State of California, is dangerously ill
here, the result of an attack of inflam
matory rheumatism which has left his
heart in a very weakened state. He came
to Washington nearly two weeks ago on
business connected with the California
National Guard and Naval Militia and
was prostrated the day after his arrival.
Mrs. Seamans, who accompanied him
East, but who went to New York on a
visit, was summoned shortly after the at
tack and has been at his bedside ever
since. General Seamans is 67 years of
age, and the gravest fears are entertained
as to the outcome of his Illness.
TTRE PUTS SUDDEN END
TO HOLIDAY , FESTIVITIES
COLON, Colombia, Dec. 23.— Fire broke
out yesterday evening at Panama in the
house of .Manager Arias of the American
Trading Company, next door to whofae
residence 3000 cases of kerosene were
stored. -At the time the fire started a
band of music was playing in the park
and a number of people were celebrating
a religious holiday in the church of La
Mercedes, .opposite Arias' house. A panic
followed the discovery of the flames, but
luckily they were extinguished after they
had done only a little damage.
Christinas Gift From Csrvera.
CONCORD, N. H., Dec. 23.-Rcv. 0. M.
O'Callaghan, vicar- general of the diocese
of New Hampshire, has received a Christ
mas gift from Admiral Cervera. It is a
casket containing autograph portraits of
the admiral and members of his family
On the outside is a gold plate suitably
inscribed. After the Spanish war many
Spanish sialors were imprisoned on isl
ands In Portsmouth harbor and Vicar
General O'Callaghan, ■ then a priest at
Portsmouth, attended them spiritually
jP*^^**^"PJ'iN*i'i matter when rr v;hcre
eggttyjj* // you open a jar of tho
IBllfll Company s Extract
OF BEEF, its quality is "always the
same. It can be absolutely depended
upon under all conditions and in every
climate. -
This signatures fj _
in blue, proves j^C^gZL/S^k^a
j the genuine: &f <P\
COURT UPHOLDS
THE DIRECTORS
Dissolves the Northern
Pacific Railway .
Id j unction,-™
Says Company Has the Right
to Retire Preferred iStock
at Par. ■ •••*
NEW YORK, Dec.. 23.— JusticeUScott in
the Supreme Court' 'to-day,'. ctissoTved the
Injunction obtained by Wolff Bros, and
others restraining the Northern Pacific
Railway Company from retiring the pre
ferred stock of $75,000,000 on January 27.
Justice Scott says the company, had the
positive right at Its option to retire the
preferred stock at par, and that its di
rectors were authorized to exercise that
option on behalf of the corporation. He
added:
The plaintiffs have no concern with what
may be done with the stock of the company
after the preferred shares have been retired,
or in consequence of such retirement, nor are
they in a position to question the manner In
which the company proposes to raise the money
to retire their shares, bo long -as they are as
sured of the par value thereof. Even if the de
fendant's right to I retire the plaintiffs' stock
was less clear than I deem it to be, I would
still hesitate to permit the temporary injunc
tion to stand. The plaintiffs, though holding
preferred stock to a considerable amount, real
ly hold but a • small percentage of this class
of stock, and of course a much smaller per
centage of the total capital stock of the com
pany.
The claim is that they are entitled to an op
portunity to subscribe for the convertible cer
tificates representing common stock to be is
sued in place of the preferred stock.
Upon what that claim is based is not made
very apparent, but assuming that it is well
founded no reason is suggested why they can
not be fully and amply compensated in an
action for damages for the denial of their as
sumed rights. •
RAILROAD CORPORATIONS
SHOW INCREASED EARNINGS
Preliminary Report of the Interstate
Commerce Commission Contains
Interesting Figures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The prelimi
nary report of the Interstate Commerce
Commission in the income accounts of
the railways in the United States for the
year ended June 30, 1901, shows returns ol
railway companies operating 192,193 miles
ot line. The passenger earnings of these
railways were $426,9O?,210 and the freight
earnings $1,114,740,770. The total gross
earnings were $1,578,104,205, .or $8211 per
mile, as against $1,487,044,614 in 1900* Ope
rating expenses' amounted to $1,023,156,251,
or $5323 per mile of line, making net earn
ing $555,007,924, or $35,577,218 in excess of
the fiscal year 1900. The amount of divi
dends declared during the year was $121,
10S.637, or $13,000,000 more than for the
same roads in 1900. The surplus ' from
operations was $77,544,735. The complete
report for the preceding year showed a
surplus of $S7,637,633. The preliminary re
port is confined to returns of operating
roads. The dividends paid by the operat
ing and leased lines annually includes
about $30,000,000 paid on the part of the
leased lines.
NO TARIFF WAR BETWEEN
GERMANY AND THIS COUNTRY
Consul General Harris at Eibenstoolc
Sends an Interesting Report
to State Department.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— It is not prob
able that Germany .ever will begin a
tariff war with the United States, says
Consul General Harris at Eibenstock in
a report to the State Department, dated
November 22. The subject which inter
ests the German press most In connection
with the new tariff bill, Harris, says, !s
the probable effect it will have on the
renewal of • commercial treaties in 1903.
He says that the sentiment is almost
unanimously in favor of first reaching an
agreement with the United States and
using this as a basis for concluding
treaties with Other nations. ■• Our food
stuffs and manufactured L gopds. Harris
says, have gained- such a foothold in Ger
many that it will be a difficult matter to
dislodge them.
MILLIONS TO" BE SPENT
IN RAILROAD EXTENSIONS
Work of Improvement Will Be Com
menced at Once in Oklahoma
and Indian Territory. .
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 23.— The Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas Railroad Com
pany filed a charter here to-day to build
three extensions in Oklahoma and Indian
Territory. The main line to run from
Sttvens, I. T., length 135 miles; a branch
lino from Oklahoma City to this main
lin-?, length thirty-live miles, and a branch
from this main line to the Missouri, Kan
sas and Texas at Wybark, I. T., length
eighty miles. The entire cost of the ex
tensions will be $10,000,000 and the principal
places of business at Guthrie, St. Louis
ana New York.
The directors are F. N. Flnney of Mil
waukee. AVis. ; James Hagerman of St:
Ixruis. W. Van Riper, H. M. Flint and J.
B. Barnes of N,ew York; Horace E. Speed,
John Devereaux and John Scothern of
Guthrie.
1IO SUBSTANTIAL PROGRESS
IN DANISH CESSION TREATY
Latest Suggestion Made Is to At
tempt to Determine the Matter
by a Plebiscite.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The negotia
tions between the governments of the
United States and Denmark, looking to
th3 cession of the Danish West Indies, are
dragging. No substantial '. progress has
been made since last week. . The latest
supgestion from the Danish side Is that
the people of the islands shall determine
b;' a plebesclte whether they shall be
ccted to the United States. The outcome
of such a test cannot be foretold, for the
strong feeling of attachment for the
me ther country on the one hand might be
offset by. the great trade advantages ex
pected to follow the cession of the islands
to the United States. .
COMANCHE MINE SUIT
IS FINALLY DECIDED
Montana Supreme . Court Finds in
Favor of th.e Amalgamated
. . - Copper Company. . -
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 23.— The Supreme
Court to-day decided the celebrated Co
luanche mine suit 'in favor of the Boston
and . Montana Company. The case was
taken up on appeal from the.< District
Court's decision giving Adolph Wetstein
one-fourth interest in the property as a
result of an alleged oversight in trans
ferring title to that interest many years
ago. The Comanche mine is one of the
richest of all the Amalgamated Copper
Company's mines. It has been closed sev
eral months p.s a result of the lower
court's decision, throwing 1000 men out of
employment.
Discussing Southern Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Booker T.
"Washington was with the President for a
ccns-.lclcrable time to-day. He was re
ceived in the Cabinet room. While he
wjs talking to the President Secretary
Hitchcock arrived and Washington left in
company with the Secretary of the In
terior. Washington declined, to make any
statement as to his business with the
President, but it is believed that they dis
cussed Southern appointments, v. -,;"■'; ■?.;
Intends Building Additional Plants.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— It was authori
tatively announced to-day that the Union
Lead and Oil Company has completed
arrangements to extend its facilities and
for this purpose it has acquired options
on property in Chicago, be. L">uis nn'l
several other. • Western points. It is the
purpose of the company to establish'^
chain of slants in the learHnpr cities from
New York to the Pacific Coast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Holiday Fun and Folly
+ —^*5v Too much of a good thing!
/ff /"^^^ That's what we are all lia-
vi Q \0y e to take during a holi-
dT^r^fe^^V^- JrwV day season. Healthy, jolly
5iE/i V^V P e °Pl e wiH d° it anc * make
/rf^^ll// themselves sick. "In time
jjfvV^^V of P eace P re P are f° r war,"
t^^lk^^*^ ave a b° ut e nouse a
f /^^^^^^^^Sj — *> pleasant, perfect, palatable,
/ ii^^^^- positive medicine for sour
■^*^^IS» -*-^^ stomach, sick headache,
V % colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure.
/J_ ■ l/>n rtirx. Best for the Bowels. All drugzists, ioc, asc, 50c. Neversold la bulk.
(«%/&'W«)VU»'wd The K enuin « tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
V*^ jlJLSt money back. Sample and booklet free. Addres3
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New YorX. US
ARMY TRANSPORT
HAS ROUGH TRIP
Head Winds and Stormy
Weather Delay the
McClellan.
NEW. YORK. Dec. 23.— The United
States transport McClellan arrived here
to-day from Manila via Suez with thirty
eight cabin and 242 soldiers from the Phil
ippines. Of these, 235 men are of the
First Eattalion of Engineers; the others
are discharged soldiers. Among the cabin
passengers were Colonel C. A. Dempsey,
Major Henry Wygant, Major J. E. Mak
lln, Captains C. C. Walcott, F. H. Law
ton, H. L. Threlkeld. Lieutenant Earl
Edmundson, Captain H. F. Stevens, Lieu
tenant J. S. Jonnston and Lieutenant W.
S. Martin.
The transport brought two dead bodies
—Captain Herbert Draper of the United
States Marine Corps, wno died at Hong-
Kong, and W. M. is. Tabb, a civilian clerk
to tne United States naval engineer at
Guam, who died on board ship Novem
ber 27. The battalion of troops is under
the command of Major J. E. Maklln of
the Eleventh Infantry. Eight otricers
who were passengers on the transport
left the vessel at Port Said to make a
tour of Europe.
The McClellan had head winds and
generally stormy weather from Suez and
tresh easterly to southeasterly gales to
longitude 35 west along the thirty-third
parallel, then fresh north and west gales
to Bermuda. The transport was very
slow and was obliged to put into Ber
muda for coal, her supply having run
down , to eighty-five tons. Taking on
board 142 tons, she proceeded from Ber
muda to this port.
The McClellan since leaving New York
July 10 last has covered a distance of
25,757 miles. She left New York with 150
men for the Twenty-sixth United States
Infantry and a party of eight Congress
men. £he arrived at Manila September 9.
discharged the troops and then spent
twenty-two days visiting the various isl
ands with the Congressional party. She
left Manila on October IS on her return
to thl3 port.
SCHOONER WRECKED
ON MEXICAN COAST
Hulk of New York Craft Not Known
to Have Been on This Coast
Is Found.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 23.— Mystery sur
rounds a wreck that has taken place on
the Lower California coast. The schooner
Denver lies high on the sands near Sea
monds Lagoon, cargoless. deserted and
going to pieces. The Denver was owned
by men in or near New York, and there
is no record of her having sailed for any.
port on thia coast.
On her last trip from this port to Cedros
Island the guano schooner Gerald C
picked up at sea a beat belonging to the
Denver, and now it is learned that the
Denver is a wreck on the Mexican shore
What business the Denver was engaged
in cannot be learned. It is likely that her
crew was drowned or made its way inland
when the vessel struck.
Legion of Honor Financially Strong.
BOSTON, Dec. 23.— A special committee
appointed to inquire minutely into the
financial condition of the American Le
gion of Honor has made public its re->
.port. Summarized, the financial status
of the organization, taking into consider
ation all its resources, is shown to be a
balance of $333,537 on hand. The member
ship, however, is shown to have suffered
a further decrease. On November 1 the
examination commltltee found it to be
7110. The committee state that they are
sure that the order is in gratifying tinan
cial condition, although they recognize
the fact that the numbers of the organiz
ation are not as strong as they should
be.
The report is accepted bv the officers
of the order as a complete vindication of
Supreme Secretary Warnock and his
1 management.
Actual Warfare Will Be Simulated.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— A feature of
the winter cruise of the North Atlantic
squadron in West Indian and Gulf waters
will be drills in landing and launching
boats crews of sailors and other maneu
vers, in which conditions of actual war
fare will be simulated. The training ship
Prairie Is to be utilized, to assist In this
programme. Accoraing to her itinerary
the Prairie is scheduled to arrive in the
Gulf of Parla, on the nfcrth coast of
Venezuela, several days after Christmas
and remain in that quarter, cruising be
tween Port of Spain and Fort de France,
until the first part of March.
Killed by Fall From a Car.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 23.— Archibald
Gilfollen, a Honolulu sugar planter, who
was visiting here, died in a hospital to
day from a fractured skull. He was ac
cidentally thrown from a trolley car last
night Gilfollen was a native of this city
but went to Hawaii thirty-seven years
ago and had not been here since. He In
tended returning to Honolulu after the
Christmas holidays.
H>.med for Traffic Manager.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 23.— J. W. Bla
bon, "Western tralnc manager of the Great
Northern, will succeed Darius Miller as
traffic manager of the system, the latter
having been named for a similar posi
tion . on the Burlington. Blabon Is the
oldest man in point of service on the
Great Northern. .
Schley Eeccivcs His Prize Money.
, WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The Treasury
Department to-day drew a warrant In fa
vor of Rear Admiral Schley for $3334, his
share of the prize money due him for the
destruction of the Spanish fleet at Santi
ago; July S, 1S98.
- Cosmopolitan California Illustrated profusely
In Christmas Wasp. Types of all nationalities.
Send it to foreign friends. •
COUNSEL SCORES
"ELIJAH" DOWIE
Likens Him to a Devil-
Fish That Strangles
Its Victims.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— The closing argu
ment in the suit against "Dr." Alexander
Dowle for the appointment of a receiver
ship for his Zion lace Industries was be
gun by Attorney S. W. Packard to-day in
Judge Tuley's court. Packard denounced
the action of Samuel Stevenson, Dowle s
brother-in-law, in having brought the
suit and expressed the hope that his bet
ter spirit would move him. to a reconcilia
tion with Zlon. A strong plea was made
to show that Dowie was not infallible.
Attorney Packard likened Dowle to J. P.
Morgan as a great organizer, but said
he doubtless made mistakes.
"He does not claim to be more than hu
man," he said, "for in the Bible St. James
says Elijah was a man of like passions
with ourselves."
Packard in upholding Dowie's claims as
Elijah said that he would prefer him at
his bedside if he were at the point ot
death rather than any skilled physician.
Packard is not a member of the Zion
Congregation.
"Dr." Dowie and his wife were present
in court with by far the largest number
of followers that has yet filled the court.
During Attorney Packard's recital of
Dowie's Identity with "Elijah the Re
storer," Dowie frequently rolled his eyes
upward and gazed at the ceiling as though
in prayer.
Following Attorney Packard's argument
for the defense. Attorney F. L. Reeves,
for the plaintiff, likened Dowie to "'a
devil-fish that twined its arms about it3
victim and quieted him until it got a
strangle hold."
He touched upon the death of Mrs.
Stevenson, wife of the plaintiff and sister
of Dowie. and said that when Stevenson
in nis grief sought out Dowie as brother
and priest, Dowie gave him a cup of gall
and called him a murderer.
Arguments in the case closed this after
noon and the case was given into the
hands of Judge Tuley.
TWO MASKED ROBBERS
COMMIT DARING CRIME
Enter Office of a Leaven-worth Fur-
niture Factory and Secure Nine
Hundred Dollars.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., Dec. 23.— At
5:55 o'clock this evening two masked men
with drawn revolvers entered the office
of Abernathy Furniture Factory and suc
ceeded in getting away with $900.
The robbery occurred just before the
men were called in tor their tri-weekly
pay.
The robbers succeeded in effecting their
escape without being Identified.
Has Luncheon "With the President.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Colonel John
N. Partridge, who is to succeed Police
Commissioner Murphy of New York City,
ate luncheon with President Roosevelt
to-day. He returned to New York this
afternoon. He said that he had not yet
decided whom he would appoint as
deputy and that probably the appoint
ment would not be announced for several
days Should the selection not be made
before January 1, Colonel Partridge says.
Deputy Commissioner Devery win be re
moved pending the appointment of hi3
successor.
Found Dead in a Creek.
FRESNO, Dec. 23.— Pellegrini Antreottl,
56 years of age, a vineyardlst in the Scan
dinavian Colony, was found dead in Dry
Creek yesterday afternoon. He was lying
face downward in the water. The Cor
oner's jury this morning failed to bring
In a verdict, it being the opinion of some
that murder had been committed, while
others held that death resulted from
heart failure. An autopsy will be held.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C** • t • JL
tCQD
STRICTLr RELIABLE
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAI.
debility and convalescence following certain
diseases, such is the lowered standard of the
vital processes that the function of no orgaa
Is perfectly performed, and with the re-
sulting depression the patient has a REAI*
weakness. The physician's first thought, under
these conditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness —
Symptoms !
By far the srreater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness"
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
has been damaged by either a contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. These patlenU hava
no weakness at all. Preraatureness, Loss of
Vitality, etc., are the symptoms, or disordered
function, of the chronically inflamed prostattt
gland. "We find by curing this Inflammation
that full vliror at once returns. It should b»
Understood that tonics, electricity, etc., might
cure a real weakness, but would do harm la
Inflammation. The main object Is to reduce
1 the size of the tender, swollen and inilamed.
I prostate. This we accomplish by local treat-
■ ment. thus avoiding drugs. Men who have un-
successfully treated for a weakness should now
understand the cause of failure. We send fre«
on application a colored chart of tho organs
which will be found useful In home diagnosis
and interesting to all wishing to study tha
anatomy of the male. *
Offices and Hospital, entire uoser flnw
tr. Talcoit & Co., 997 Market St., Cor. 6I&.
1112
SETTLE CLAIM
OF MRS. KLUGE
Sutro's Heirs Give His
Alleged Widow
$100,000.
Prepare, However, to Contest
Payment of Special
Bequests.
The litigation following the filing of the
■will of the late Adolph Sutro is after
many years in a fair way of being ami
cably settled. Plans are now perfecting
■whereby the claim of Mrs. Clara Kluge,
v.ho alleges herself to' have been the con
tract wife of the deceased millionaire,
will be compromised on the basis of
Jloo.000. to be paid to her in full of- all
ciaims against the estate. " "
Mrs. Kiuge tiled a contest of Sutro s
•will shortly after that document was pre
sented for probate. She alleged that she
married -Sutro unaer a civil contract and
tnat ne was the father of her children.
The furtner claim was made that.- Sutro
had publicly acknowledged the children
and tnat he paid all the expenses of their
mother until his death. Mrs. Kluge says
lurther mat Sutro promised to maice pro>
•viEion for herself and children- in his will,
but this he failed to do. Hence her con
test.
Subsequent to the "filing of this contest
another contest was filed by Mrs. Rose
Sutro Morbio, Clara Sutro Knglish, Kate
Sutro Nussbaum and Edgar A. Sutro,
heirs-at-law of decedent, all of whom al
leged unjust discrimination. Since the
proceedings were begun the court. has de
cided against the trust created under Su
tro's will, and the residuary estate will
now go to the heirs-at-law without dis
pute. What the heirs are at present fight
ing is the proposition of paying several
special bequests amounting to about $375,-
OuO. The contest of Mrs. Kluge was di
rected especially against these bequests,
although a widow's share in the residu
ary estate was also demanded.
From time to time reports of the settle
ment of Mrs. Kluge's claim have been
circulated, but the first definite • informa
tion to that effect was vouchsafed in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday, when the
contest was called for trial. Attorney
Van R. Paterson, representing Mrs.
Kluge, announced that the claim of his
client had been settled and that she was
willing to dismiss her contest.
\>hen this statement was made Charles
S. Wheeler, attorney for the heirs-at-law,
said he did not know of any settlement,
and that so far as his clients were con
cerned the compromise with Mrs. Kluge
was unauthorized. They were therefore
determined to press their contest to the
end. On this statement the court set the
Morbio contest for hearing on January lfi.
Notwithstanding this action the claim
is still made that the compromise with
Mrs. Kluge will not be affected by the
Morbio contest and that this contest will
also be dismissed in time. It is hinted
that the papers compromising Mrs.
Kluge's claim will be presented in court
next month.
Stories by •world-famed authors like Robert
Barr and John Strange JVinter in the Christ
mas Wasp. •-
DEUGGISTS MUST TAKE
OUT LIQUOR LICENSES
Sixteen of Them Reprimanded, by
the Board of Police Com
missioners.
Sixteen druggists appeared before the
Police Commissioners last night to show
cause why they should not pay a retail
license for selling liquors in small quanti
ties. As they maintained that they did
not know that it was necessary to take
out a. liquor license they were let off with
a reprimand.
A charge of improper conduct against
Police Officer Robert Lean was dismissed
by the board.
Officer Barney Harter. one of the most
popular members of the department, was
restored to his former rank of sergeant.
Harter some years ago was a regular ser
geant, but was disrated without the for
mality of a trial. He appealed to the
courts and a decision was rendered in his
favor. When the writ of mandate is
sued by Judge Hebbard was received by
the Commissioners last night, on motion
of Mahoney, it was unanimously agreed to
abide by it. Harter was then formally re-
Btor««d to his former rank of sergeant.
A number of saloon-keepers appeared
before the board in response to a citation
to show cause why their licenses should
not be revoked for maintaining nickel-in
the-slot machines which paid in cash. As
it was announced that the City and
County Attorney had not yet rendered an
opinion as to whether or not Chief Witt
man had the power to destroy the ma
chines which were confiscated by his men,
Commissioner Wallace moved that the
machines be returned to their owners on
condition that they do not use them in the
future. Commissioner Newhall thought
that the board should hear irom the City
Attorney before taking final action and on
his suggestion the matter went over for
one week.
Policeman' Larry Dunn was dismissed
from the force for drunkenness.
For making an unwarranted arrest Spe
cial Officer William Thompson was de
prived of his star.
In making a Christmas present of a piano you want a first class,
thoroughly reliable instrument purchased from a house whose guarantee
can be relied upon. ,
Quality is Sherman, Clay & Co.'s watchword. It is considered above
everything else, as is apparent to anybody familiar with the high grade
instruments carried by this firm.
Sherman. Clay & Co. carry the largest stock of pianos this side of
Chicago, affording you a choice of many reliable makes from the Peer-
le ss Steinway down to most reasonably priced piano.
The terms of sale are so reasonable that any one possessed of a
moderate income may comfortably indulge in a piano for the family's
pleasure and profit. 'i\Ki '"■
Among the many other well known instruments sold by Sherman,
Clay & Co. are Angelus Piano Players, Regina Music Boxes, Victor
Disc Talking Machines, Stewart & Bauer Banjos, Mandolins and
Guitars, as Avell as Harps, Band Instruments, Zithers and other small in-
struments from reputable makers.
An inspection of their seven floors, including the annex, will prove
interesting and of value to you, should you wish to purchase anything in
the musical line for Christmas. Open this evening.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
StcinwayPianoDcalerslSre^^&f^
SWEARS SHE SAW PATIENTS BEATEN
BY ATTENDANTS OF A SANITARIUM
Mrs. Alma E. Keith Gives Sensational Testimony Before
Judge Fritz During the Trial of Mrs. Reeves- Atkinson,
Accused of Maintaining a House That Is a Nuisance
p»y|-^ ESTIMONT of a sensational char-
I acter was adduced In Judge Fritz's
1 1 court yesterday during the hear-
UL ing of the case of the people
against Mrs. Reeves-Atkinson.
The defendant is the keeper of a sanita
rium at 1815 Sutter street, and her neigh
bors are striving to have her seek quar
ters elsewhere, as they claim her place Is
a nuisance.
Mrs. Alma E. Keith, the milliner, was
a witness for the prosecution. She had
been an inmate of the institution and,
according to her testimony, suffered un
told misery. She swore that she had been
cruelly beaten by the defendant and un-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24/1901.
der oath stated that one man was beaten
to death by the keepers and was. after
ward removed by the Morgue wagon. She
also accused Dr. William Hlmmelsbaeh
of 1815 Scott street of many indiscretions.
Mrs. Keith Testifies. v
When court convened In the afternoon
Mrs. Keith, accompanied by her ■ friend
and legal adviser. Judge Black of ■ San
Jose, entered the courtroom. There was
a craning of necks, as it was known that
she would give testimony of a sensational
nature. She was becomingly attired in
black. Mrs. Keith was the first witness
called.
In answer to questions asked by.Attor
ney George "W. Monteith, she testified that
she was a victim of the house, conducted
by Mrs. She said she had been
taken to the sanitarium for treatment.
She denied that she .was insane or ever
had been so. She was simply taken there
for rest and quiet, and failed to get either.
She admitted she Vas hysterical and was
taken there to be cured.
Mrs. Keith stated that she had been an
inmate of the hospital from July to Oc
tober, 1900; that during her stay she heard
the most outlandish noises during the day
and night. The cries were those of peo
ple being beaten and were "help!" "mur
der!" and agonizing shrieks. She said
she also did a great deal of the yelling in
order to let the neighbors know she was
there. ■ .
"They beat me innumerable times," she
testified. - i
"Who beat you?" asked M. Monteith.
"Mrs. Atkinson, Mrs. Wadsworth and
Mr. Ewing." v.
"How did- they strike you?"
"They .used their fists, broom handles
and with the heel of my own slipper."
Further testifying, she stated that she
had seen and heard the keepers beating
and abusing- their patients. • • ■ .'• .. .
"One night I heard the man in the room
next to mine yell in agony: 'Takeher off!
She's killing me!'. There was a crash of
crockery and all was still. The next day
the Morgue wagon came and took v his
body away."
Tells of Suffering'.
Mrs.. Keith stated that' the condition of
the bedding was terrible. She said it was
taken into the yard to air and was cov
ered with blood and filth and the odor
was very offensive. She said the patients
were stripped of their, clothes and most
of them were punished. , She said Mr.
Ewing, an attendant, was in the habit of
going through the halls in a nude condi
tion. -
"Mrs. Francis Thauson, whom I after
ward succeeded In having- taken from the'
place, was brutally beaten for scream
ing," said Mrs. Keith. "We were choked
and compelled to wear armulets, strait
jackets and anklets. J Even dogs were
turned on us."
Mrs. Keith said she was not forced, to
enter the institution. She was led in by
Dr. Himmelsbach. When she got in she
declined to go upstairs, and the attend
ants, assisted by Dr. Himmelsbach, drag
ged her. She said they caught her by
the hair and she screamed from pain.
She was often sent out Into the yard in
a wrapper and frequently was struck by
attendants, she continued.
The witness under j cross-examination 1
told how Mrs. Atkinson beat her servant,
Miss Smith. The proprietress abused peo
ple for the pleasure of doing so, she said
"Why did she beat her servant?" asked
the prosecuting attorney.
"Because she failed to feed fifty people
on five potatoes."
The witness said that a man named Pat
Nado was cruelly beaten. She said she
looked through the crack In the partition
and saw him suffering. . She denied that
for four months she was violently insane.'
She denied that she ever requested to go
back to the institution, but admitted hav
ing paid a visit there for the purpose of
securing evidence in order to have Mrs
Thauson taken to the Masonic Home at
Decoto.
Dr. Himmelsbach's Conduct.
In speaking of Dr. Himmelsbach she
said:
TPIE DEFENDANT, THE PRINCI
PAL WITNESS AND SOME OF
THE INCIDENTS DESCRIBED.
"He dragged me up the stairs and then
threw me on the floor and held a pillow
over my head to stifle niy screaming. He
nearly choked me. He is not my family
physician and never was. He is a vestry
man- of the Episcopal church, and I see
by the papers that he is making it lively
for the church people. My husband was
very deaf and he was a victim of th<3
duplicity of Dr. Himmelsbach and this
Atuinscn woman. They got him to put
me in the sanitarium and they kept me
there."
At this juncture Attorney William J.
Herrin, who represents Mrs. Atkinson,
could not restrain himself. "So your duti
ful husband stood it all." he said.
"Don't you cast reflections on my hus
band, sir. I won't "have my husband in
sulted by any man. Look here. Judge,
that man Is insulting me," Mrs." Keith
said angrily.
As a parting bit of testimony Mrs. Keith
stated that Dr. Himmelsbach told Mrs.
Atkinson to keep the Italian woman as
long as she. could, because even if they
did not get money the house would be
furnished with fresh vegetables.'
Accuses Mrs. Atkinson.
Mrs. George Hendy of.l710 ] ,£ Post street
I Friedman^ Furniture T|
JP OF 1 tllC ac ty w^° oes not get one of
- our handsome dressing tables
V our whishes arc for as merry a Christmas as the
one will have who does. She can have one to-
day, if you say so." Many styles and prices. ' .
OnlV Olie Moreda y till Christmas, 1
J ,but much can be done in §
; one day to make others happy. Over a hundred §
pair of; willing hands here to help you to get 1
.TOR HER f OR HIM -
Cushion Things fur Rug j
Tabouret that (fat Rack |
Pisiio Rofl cost Chiffonier I
I Gilt Chair mtic Book case I
Parlor Desk and Office Chair I
Music Cabinet |§| Shaving Stand j
Biidoir Table much Leather. Couch 1
• "The Credit House." Six Stories High. fj
fn m *9'}C*'9ii X^riWA it ' * <^^ — x B ■ -Telephone Bi
G9S^ISSESBESBSaBBSBSBBBBBBBBSaBBBBSBBBBEiEIHBBHniBBDEBBgBBBBECIBBBBSBBIiBIIIB
S3 - ■ .... „ . . j _. ■ . ; .- - . j wm
1 $ Si!!. %^^ f
EG S
EJBEHHBHBaaBHBBgglBBaBBBBBaBBBBBBBBgSBgaiiaBagaHBgHaaBBBBBBBBBaaBBaaBBBB
was the next witness. She testified that
her house overlooked the sanitarium;
that she had heard most unearthly noises
and yells; that neither herself nor hus
band were able to sleep, and that she
became so nervous she was obliged to
leave home. She had seen poor, inof
fensive people beaten.
"By whom?" asked Monteith.
"By that woman," cried the witness as
she dramatically pointed' to Mrs. Atkin
son.
She told of seeing an old woman in the
yard unable to move because of the
straitjacket she was compelled to wear.
Mrs. Hendy said the woman sat there for
hours and suffered terribly from wind arid
sun and no one paid any attention to her.
Mrs. Mitchell, who resides at 1825 Sut
ter street, testified to the noises, and
Mr. Scheldt of 1927A Sutter street said
she owned property In the vicinity and
her tenants were threatening to move if
the noises and scenes in the neighborhood
did not discontinue. . She stated she had
seen people beaten and had suffered from
the odors. ' .• «
. Miss Clara Guckenheim proved *a strong
witness for the prosecution. She lives
next door to the Sanitarium. The young
lady told of the scenes she had witnessed
and her statements were very positive.
She said a man once escaped from the
Institution and rushed into their house
and grabbed her grandmother; that her
relative was so scared that she became
ill. Miss Guckenheim said she was made
so nervous by the screams that she was
unable to stay home; that she,, lived with
friends for more than a year. She told
of the patrol wagons and" hacks that
would come .to the place at all hours in
the morning, and how the people hrought
there were dragged in or enticed by
liquor. She admitted having seen people
brutally beaten.
"I have seen Mary Smith, their servant,
beaten, and when she screamed Mrs. At
kinson yelled. 'I will put a hvperdermic
in her that will lay her low If she does
not. stop making noise' "
The prosecution then closed its case
and the trial was continued until Janu
ary 6.
Corset Specials for This "Week.
Sapphire corsets. $2.50: Royal "Worcester
corset, black, $1.25 quality. 65c. All cor
sets fitted. Chester F. Wright, 6 Geary
St., cor. Kearny, first floor upstairs. •
"Mammy" Did Not Appear.
The petition of "Mammy" Pleasant for
the renewal of George R. Eaton as as
signee of her estate was not heard by
Judge Troutt yesterday because of the
fai'ure of the old colored woman to ap
pear in court. The case will come up
again this morning, when an effort will
be made to have the Bell servitor In
court.
Grand Jury Completed.
The new Grand Jury was completed yes
terday by the selection of William Lewis
of 24 California' street as the nineteenth
juryman. Charles Sonntag was elected
foreman.
ADTERTISBMENTS.
M'PIKE SCORES
THE WITNESSES
Attorney Says Knowl
ton's Accusers Are
All Biased.
Interest in the Knowlton inquiry was
again at its height yesterday when At
torney H. C. McPike, on behalf of Knowl
ton, made an autopsical speech cutting
into every fiber and nerve of the evidence
given before the Beard of Education by
Accuser Lyser and his chief witnesses,
Morton and Clark. McPike placed the
testimony of the gentlemen named on the
slab for dissection, and performed the op
eration without regard to the sensitive
ness of those present or absent. He
pointed out the part?, which he considered
weak, 'and one of these was the fact that
no less than nine teachers had in the
short space of five months preceded Pro
fessor Knowlton, and Knowlton himself
had held office in Lyser's company for the
brief period of only two months. Ergo,
was there not something radically wrong
when teachers were changed about and
sent right-about In such quick order?
The Board of Education, declared Mc-
Pike, deserved congratulation for the ju
dicial lines it had followed during the in
vestigation of his client. Evidence of an
illegal character had been eliminated and
great patience had been shown, but he
deplored the fact that their valuable time
had been demanded for four or five days
when accuser and witnesses called to
back up and support a charge had proved
their utter inability to do so. Lyser had
made the charges, however, and McPike
agreed that the board had the right on
its side to call upon him to substantiate
them,
As to any charge of incompetency he
submitted that that was not a matter for
which his client could be tried. If he was
a teacher it was presumed that he was
competent. He had received the license
of a competent teacher, but the language
of Lyser's charge was "incompetency"
and "unfitness." If a teacher were guilty
of intemperance or the use of profane
language that would establish an "untit
ness," which the board would quickly deal
with. McPike showed that so long ago
as eleven years Knowlton taught with the
witness Morton, whose testimony, he sub
mitted, was ancient history- If then In
competent surely he would have been
found out long before this— yes his in
ccirpetency would have been discovered
in less than a year. The board would
have found out any shortcoming in him
in short order. Indeed.
Clark Couldn't Produce.
Clark testified that Knowlton'a "meth
ods of teaching were not to his liking," a
conclusion arrived at also many years
ago. Still, all that could be deduced
from such evidence was that it was only
an opinion as to a method of teaching.
Clark had not been able to give a single
illustration to prove that Knowlton had
not pursued a proper, course.
McPike then alluded to a history of the
United States written by Clark, and
raised a good deal of mirth by declaring
that in his work he even failed to mention
where the United States was nor did he
state the square miles. Thereupon Chair
man Casserly interjected the belief that
Bancroft had been guilty of a similar neg
ligence. McPike quickly retorted that if
Bancroft did not do so he was grievously
wrong, and with his example any man
who wrote a history and did not impart
the situation of the country was
wrong. Any stranger reading Mr. Clark's
history would wonder where the United
States was situated. Turning back to
Morton, McPike charged that the witness
had rankling in his heart some misunder
standing between himself and Knowlton
as long as ten . years ago. The attorney
reviewed Morton's answers to the board
during his examination, and criticized in
severe terms his negative replies when
questioned as to his knowledge of Greece.
Under those circumstances the attorney
contended that Morton -was eminently un
fit to criticize Knowlton, who had shown
and proved his ability and knowledge.
The whole sum and substance was that
Morton and Clark disliked Knowlton, and
years ago Morton wanted Clark to file re
ports against Knowlton. Adverse -wit
nesses, however, had eulogized Knowlton.
His reputation began at the portals of
Harvard, and he had conducted 101 in
stitutes. McPike then denounced his
client's accusers, and said he would like
to know which of the two could even
speak "and read the better, Knowlton or
Lyser. Then, in contrasting the two men,
he spoke of the ready answers of his
client and "the halty and mushy expres
sions of Lyser as he sat there trying to
blast Knowlton's reputation for life."
McPike Attacks Morton.
Returning again to Morton, Attorney
McPike declared that "his evidence was
absolutely unworthy of credence." and
likened him to Majocci, who was called
by Lord Brougham "the non ml recordo
witness," through the fact that when
called upon to back up charges made
against Queen Caroline he simply knew
nothing against her.
McPike then touched upon Lyser's
statement that "the class went to pieces
when Knowlton came and behaved like
a pack of demons." . • :
"Miss Hobe," said McPike, "had given
the lie to the statement of Mr. Lyser. I
do not like to use strong epithets, but I
cannot characterize his statement in lan
guage lesa strong."
Pupils' statements favoring Knowlton
were reviewed, and the kindly spirit
which he always exhibited in conjunction
with his method* of teaching was dwelt
upon by the attorney. Over thirty years
of hard -work in schools here had not
hardened him*
McPike then spoke of the strain that be
sets both teachers and pupils. "Four hun
dred boys were huddled together, like sol
diers in constraint, and It is a wonder to
me that they left a bit of walnscotine- in
the schoolroom." said McPike. "The spirit
of the child cannot b« subdued— it cannot
be held in iron bands. Knowlton may
not have been the strictest disciplinarian,
neither was the great General Grant, but
that did not prevent glorious results
"Some teachers impart knowledge" with
the harshness of a martinet, while other
teachers are softer and kinder. A teacher
must govern his conduct of a class ac
cording to the disposition of the children."
At the conclusion of Attorney McPike's
address the board adjourned. The whole
of the evidence will be read and then a
conclusion will be reached. The members
of the board present were: John Casserly.
presiding; James Denman, C. W. Mark
and Mrs. M. W. Kincaid. -*««.
LAW ON PERCENTAGE POKER
IS TO BE AGAIN TESTED
Managers of the Cafe Royal and
Baldwin Annex Games to Be
Arrested.
Chief TVittman has determined to stop
the poker game's at the Cafe Royal and
Baldwin Annex if the law gives him that
power. For the last week he has had a
policeman and a sergeant watching the
games and taking part in them so as to
secure evidence against the managers,
and yesterday, in acordance with his In
structions, Policeman Grancourt sworo
out warrants for the arrest of the man
agers.
The arrests are made under order 1896 of
the Board of Supervisors, which makes it
unlawful for any person to play cards
where a percentage or contribution is
charged or taken, whether in morv-jr,
victuals, cigars, liquor or any other rot
modity. In the Cafe Royal and BaluTTn
Annex two chips of the value of 5 cents
each are taken from each player now and
then and. the player receives a blue check
calling for a 10-cent drink or cigar at the
bar. The managers claim that is not a
percentage, aa the player gets full value
for his money. A new deck of cards is
sold every few minutes for 50 cents. The
matter has been threshed out in the) Po
lice Courts before and the gambling peo
ple have won.
Adolph Franzini, manager of the gama
at the Cafe Royal, was arrested and re
leased on cash bail.
Flood's Generous Donations.
Following his usual custom. J. L. FlootT,
the multi-millionaire, yesterday made his
annual Christmas donations. The follow
ing institutions were benefited by his gen
erosity:
Prote3tar.t Orphan Asylum, $1000; Raman
Catholic Orphan Asylum. $1000: Pacific He
brew Orphan Asylum, $1000; San Rafael Or
phan Asylum for Boys, #1000; Magdalen Asy
lum, $5UO: Boys' and Girls' Aid Society. $250:
St. Joseph' 8 Asylum for the Deaf, Dumb and
Blind, $250; Armitage Orphanage, $250; Hos
pital for Children and Training School for
Nurses, $300; St. Francis' Technical School.
$500; Sisters of the Holy Family, $250; total.
$6500.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Cheer their hearts. Brine the name of
any poor family to Faber's to-day and w»
will send Santa Claus with a basket o£
groceries for Xmas.
STUFFED DATES, PKO. 10c
IMPORTED CHAMPAGNES MM
Mumm'9, White Seal, Pommery Sec,
Roederer.
20c JAR MARMALADE. 10c.
MONOPOLE CHAMPAGNE E£.W?S8
Very old; properly made; extra dry. For
dinner, eggnog and punches.
SMYRNA FIGS. PKG. 5c.
NONE SUCH JIINCE MEAT. PKG. 5 C .
CPPO Cal. ranch; dozen 0n«
LUUO All guaranteed. Reg. 35c OUC
BEST WALNUTS. POUND 10c
HUNTER RYE 2SSKS? 95c
CRESCENT BYE S?£.T«Sf ..■ 95c
WILSON'S RYE SSS.i 5 .. 95a
HORSESHOE KffiggSSS 55c
50c PIXT WHISKY, 35c.
POST OR SHERRY 65c
Pure 6-year-old Wine at cut price.
Samples at store. Usually 51.00.
COGNAC BRANDY. PINT BOT. 4Oc
MINCEMEAT %%£££*: 25c
GOOD BUTTER. 3 SQUARES, $1.00
CLARET £ c xc !afi n ou gg»j3K 45c
SUGAR CORN. 12^c TINS- IOC
TBURSDAY— FRIdTy— SATURDAY
HAMS S^d 1 .?. 8 !?!^. I2*c
FI OUR Jl11 best brands. "IQ«
rLUUn 90c sacks |8C
COFFEE fiSJ^poSS!^... 11 * 10 - 25c
TOILET PAPER Kn e g 45c
ANOTHER BUTTER SALE at storo
Saturday nigtyt from 6 to 11 o'clock. Th«
best and the best only— at surprising price.
Moet &
CI?andoi#
CHAMFAONE*
WHITE SEAL AND BRUT IM-
PERIAL.
Celebrated Vintage of 18Q3.
•_ '■: Unsurpassed in Quality. i , \
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents,
216-18 Mission Street. San Francisco.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties— many of them lm»
■ ported— all new— moat any price.
STUDEBAKER RROSfOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth Sts.
DRjraiJLTY.
T»HIS MTEfX-KXOWN AND KKLTA RLE «WT>
L Specialist cures Blood Poison. Oonorrhcen.CiTft,
Stricture, seminal Weakness. Impotence »nd tl»6lr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fr»«.
Over20years>xperienco.T<«rDM reasonable. Honrs,
9to3dai!y:8:30to8.30ev > (fs.Sund;iys,10tol2. Congnl-
tatlou free aud sacredly con fl den tial. Call or address
p. noscoE aicxui/nr. ji.d.
SOK Kearny St., »an Franeiaeo, Cal.