EPISCOPAL DEPU I I£S DISCUSSING MARRIAGE LAW.
7 HE General Convention of the Episcopal 'Church will be busily engaged to-day, matters of
great import being scheduled to come up .for decision at the various meetings. The programme
is as folloivs: ,
io a. m. : — House 'of Bishops meets in Sunday School room of Trinity Church. Afternoon
\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 session at 3. . - ,•
10 a. m.— House of Deputies resumes in Trinity Church. • Meets also at 5 p. in: During
... the day Deputies zvill convene as committee of 'the zvhole and continue discussion
on marriage and divorce canon. ....
8 p. m.— Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near Market. Special service. Bishop
Wellcr, Coadjutor of Fond du lac, zvill preach. .'\u25a0.
8 p. m. — St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street, near Webster. "Quiet Hour for . Men".
• . Conducted by Brotherhood of St. Andrew. '
8 p. m. — Grace Church. Meeting of Church Unity Society. Speakers: The Bishop of
Washington; Rev. George Hodges, dean of . Theological School, Cambridge. '
8 p. m. — Trinity Church. Meeting of Board of Missions. Bishops will speak on work of
... domestic , missions. '.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;-
PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY
Several friends of • Sheriff John Lack
mann tendered him j a banquet* last night
at a downtown restaurant. •- Among those
present ,were: Congressman Julius Kahn,
William -P. . Brady, jGus Cronky/.W. ... J. :
Sheriff Lackmann Banqueted.
The soldiers at the general hospital at
the Presidio were entertained Wednesday
night by a number of amateur performers,
who rendered the following programme:
March (Clauder). Fifteenth Cavalry orchestra:
recitation. Miss Kathleen Booth: song. J. F.-
Beasom: cake-walk. Miss Edna Montgomery
and Edward Montgomery: song. MUa Eugenie
Brown; song. MUs Queenle, Montgomery; song.
Edward Montgomery: piano solo. Miss Marie
McOsttigan; recitation. Miss Kathleen. Booth;
song, Mis3 Eugenie Brown; song, Um lU*-ea
Montgomery.
Sick Soldiers Entertained.
Arrives From th« East to Appear Be
fore the United States District
Court.
Judge Arthur H. Noyes of Nome fame
arrived yesterday from the East and Is at
the Palace. He is here as a defendant on
a charge of contempt and his case opens
Tuesday in the United States District
Court. '. . .
Judge Noyes is accompanied by C. A. S.
Frost, formerly 'representative of the De
partment of Justice of Alaska and after
ward District Attorney, at Nome, \u25a0\u25a0 - ..
JUDGE NOYESOF NO MS
' HEBE AS DEFENDANT
Nicholson; ' H. B. Sch^ndler, Thomas
Thompson, C. B: Rode, "William O'Shaugh
nessy. P. J. Kelleher, J. R. Doyle, J. J.
Donahue, Herman Dlerks, Felix Gross
and John Lackmann.
the admirable work done by the gentlemen of
the local press in their reports of the sessions
of the' convention. That the 'people of this
city should bo proud of Its press we all here
agree, and my eole wish is that these capable
gentlemen of the press would come to -New
York and show their brethren how they do it.
Miss' Keyser announced that she- had
established headquarters in the room ad
joining those of the Brotherhood of St.
Andrews and thaf'she would be. glad "to
meet all those who are interested in. the
formation of a branch C. A. A. I. L. in
this city. Bishop Potter then pronounced
tha benediction and the meeting came to
a close. " '. "
In speaking of the character of the peo
ple, he admitted that the Japanese mer
chants are not reliable business men in
that they cannot be depended upon to live
up to their contracts. V ~X ,
- Professor David Starr Jordan delivered
an interesting lecture on Japan last night
before the Ladies' Literary Society at 1C1S
Sutter street. In the opening of his ad
dress Dr. Jordan described the great good
nature, contentment ajad politeness of the
Jaoanese people. In comparing the life
of the people of Toklo and Paris, the
speaker declared that in the latter city
the joy and gladness were underlined with
sadness and misery. He said that the
gayeties of Paris were of the kind that
usually end in the morgue.
Dr. Jordan spoke in high praise of the
picturesque scenery of Japan, declaring
that the land Itself, with Its characteristic
pine" tree, had a fascination about it which
would be there no matter who the inhabi
tants might be-
Gives Interesting Description of tixe
Picturesque Scenery and of
the People.
PBOFESSOR JORDAN
LECTTJBES ON JAPAN
Poor Little Thing: How have you made
shift to get through the bitter weather we
have lately had; in other words, how have you
and boarder Jack Frost agreed, shivering with
poor Att over a cob for a log and a bean for
a forestick?
Among the historically Interesting fea
tures are the autographs of the English
consecrators. Each autograph Is accom
panied by an elaborate seal. Ther« are
several letters and documents signed by.
the Archbishop of Canterbury. In one of
the former, written as Bishop of Bangor
during the Revolutionary War, he says
that recent events have' so .discouraged
One of tha most interesting exhibits In
the collection or historical records at pres
ent on view at the headquaxtere of the
Woman's Auxiliary. 1609 Bush street, is a
complete set of the autographs of the
Bishops in the American succession. This
set, None of the four in existence, is the
property of the Hon. L. Bradford Prince
of New Mexico. It represents a labor
scattered over many years. It is the only
collection in the world which Includes
autographic documents by the Scottish
and English consecrators of the first
American Bishops.
This collection is more than a* mere
album- of autographs. It is made up in
large part of, letters. Some of them of
ficial, but many of them personal, all of
them in sotae way characteristic of the
writer and most of them of special Inter
est to the student of church history.
While some of the letters relate strictly
to matters of business,, there are others
with a decided touch of human -nature.
One of the quaintest of these was written
by Bishop Bass of Massachusetts to an
aged lady, a member of the Bishop's
former parish. It opens as follows:
• NEWBURY PORT. "Jan. 31, 1T74.
Interesting Exhibit Placed o^ Vieiy
at Headquarters of the Woman's
Auxiliary.
the Americans that no douDt they would
soon see the folly of further resistance, i
The collection is . carefully arranged
within the covers of a massive time and
religiously guarded by a corps of auxiliary
sentinels. It is valued at over $3000.
Addresses were made yesterday to the
Woman's Auxiliary by a number of
Bishops and prominent members of the or
ganization. ' - \u25a0 \u25a0 - :
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew opened
its second Pacific Coast Convention last
evening. Addresses were made by prom
inent clerics and lay members of the
Episcopal church. \u25a0 , - •
•
missionary bishoprics of Hankow, 1'orto
Rico, Philippines, North Dakota anil
Olympia. The prelates will • select th«
names to-day and send them to the House
of Deputies for confirmation.
Last evening Bishop Potter of New
York delivered an earnest and forceful
address before the Church Association for
the Advancement of the Interests of
Labor at the Albambra Theater. The
building was filled and the.prelate'3 word3
carried conviction to all present. He
urged the need of a reciprocity of senti
ment and action between capital and la
bor; urging also that the social relations
between master and servant should be
harmonious.
The board of missions met last evening
and heard addresses by foreign Bishops
on the missionary situation in the Orient.
Well Gowned Members
. of the Fair Sex
Listen to the
Debate. \ '\u25a0
GALLERIES
ARE FILLED
- BY LADIES
It Is- expected that the canon on di
vorce will be taken up to-day by the
House of Deputies sitting as a committee
of the whole. Sharp debate is looked for,
as it is known that many of the dis
tinguished deputies do not favor the canon
of total prohibition of remarriage of di
vorced persons as adopted by the House
of Bishops. Among the deputies are some
of the most learned legal lights in the
country and their views on the vital mat
ter are awaited with great interest.
The House of Bishops decided yester
day to nominate five of the clergy to the
UNIQUE COLLECTION .
OF BISHOPS' AUTOGRAPHS
The galleries of Trinity Church were
filled by hundreds of smartly gowned
' women and the aisles and entrances to
the floor of the edifice were crowded with
the fair visitors.
The House of Deputies resolved itself
into a committee" of the whole and un
limited debate was allowed on the im
portant subject. The committee was only
able to discuss the canons relating to the
rites of marriage and had not reached
those on divorce when the time for the
afternoon adjournment arrived.
The canons on marriage adopted yes
terday define the meaning of matrimony;
how the ceremony shall be performed and
provides for witnesses and the consent of
parents when the same is required by the
civil laws.
Ci REAT interest was dispayed
J^_ yesterday in the consideration
W by the members of the House
M of Deputies of the Episcopal
' J&*- General Convention of the
•* J ..-^,— T .canoa~im~. marriage and di
vorce adopted the "previous day by 'the
House of Bishops.
Gifted Men of the Law
to Address the
Convention
To-Day.
DEPUTIES
WILL TAKE
UP DIVORCE
urged the formation of a branch society
in this city, and closed with the state
ment that industrial emancipation would
bring on the age of peace.
Frederick Foster of the Typographical
Union of this city spoke briefly of the
antagonistic relations existing among the
employers a.nd those they employ. The
object of the society was to harmonize
these^ conditions, so that the social lot of
wage earners might be improved. He ar
gued that it was to. the interest of . em
ployers to come to a speedy
of the truth that what benefits their em
ployes must of necessity be of benefit to
themselves.
Before pronouncing benediction Bishop
Potter complimented the local press for
its faithful reports of the sessions of the
Episcopal convention. The following
statement was received with applause:
I take pleasure In calling to your attention
We will never solve the question of labor
until the organizing minds, the guiding hands
and «mploying managers are identified with
the unions with which the employes are ldenti-
It Is not surprising: that the New Testament,
under conditions which prevailed at its con
ception, ehould have assimilated the Ideas of
the times. The pagan Idea, which was then
In force, became hardened Into Inexorable
forms by which the strong became more pow
erful and the. weak were forced to the wall.
The fraternj.1 Idea i« the real basis of all
human society. The feudal agree, which we
think were KCSM than the age In which we
live, were ir fc-jme respects very much better.
It was in feudal timea when the principle of
trades unionism was born. In those days these
unions were known as guilds. We, who to-day
may deem our trades unions as perfect, should
etufly the guild system of the dark ages. Our
system of trades unions has not the striking
feature possessed by the guilds, which was a
mutual dependence upon each other of the
employer and the employed. Both of these
elements defended a common Interest— and that
Is not the ruie that obtains to-day.
Bishop Potter was then introduced by
Bishop Coleman. The venerable prelate
was received with applause. He began
his discourse with a review of the three
great ideas— monarchial, military and
aristocratic— which animated men in their
social relations since the Christian era
began. Under the monarchial rule au
thority was exercised with a harsh and
inexorabJfe £and. Under the military
forms of, government the principle of
brotherly love became^ a myth to be
laughed at and scorned. Under the aris
tocratic regimes the needs of the common
people were seldom If ever recognized, the
inevitable result being discord, degrada
tion and social gloom. Resuming, the
Bishop said:
EFFECT OF THE PAGAN IDEA.
vancement of the Interests of
X-abcr. Several addresses were made
upon the subject of organized labor, but
the principal speaker of the evening was
Bishop Potter of New York.
The service began with the speaking of
the Apostles' Creed by the audience un
der the leadership of Bishop Coleman.
The Bishop then made the opening an
nouncement. He said that the society
•under whose auspices the meeting was
assembled was a missionary society form
ed fn the Interest of labor. This was one
of the gTand works which the Episcopal
church was undertaking.
It hoped to mitigate eome of the evils
of the industrial system and to assist the
laborer to secure the wages and other
considerations that are justly his due.
There are conditions which hamper the
\u25a0work, and these must be overcome. One
of the means employed was to open
braach societies of the C. A. A. L L. in
all parts of the country- There were
some who believed that the church should
not engage In work of that kind, "but,"
resumed the speaker, "we are brethren
who should live together In fairness and
good will."
THE Alhambra Theater was
well filled last night, the occa
sion being a special service
held under the auspices of the
Church Association for the Ad-
Solution of ; ths Labor
Problem Lies in
the Hearts of
Men.
EXPLAINS
DUTIES OF
WORKMEN
"When Bishop Potter concluded his ad
dress Miss Harriet Keyser, general sec
retary of the C. A. A. I. L,., was intro
duced. She told of the organization of
the association In 1887, and outlined the
work In which it Is engaged. The- main
object of the society was to teach mem
bers the .concientious use of the ballot,
although no partisan politics are encour
aged. The society aimed to promote fel
lowship among men. She alluded to the
abuses of labor In New York, of people
living in frightful tenements, and won ap
plause with the statement that '*no syn
dicate can purchase sunlight and air,
those unpurchasable gifts of God." She
AIMS OF THE SOCIETY.
The Intorei and employer must be brought
closer tcicether. You may legislate aa you
please, impose taxation as you please, or by
any oth»r process readjust the conflicting ele
ments of modern society, but if you have not
your henrt in the work you will fail utterly.
The solution of the labor problem consists in
t*i* cwskening in the hearts of the employer
a deep concern for the welfare of those who
are in his employ. Their ideas and hopes should
not be antagonistic. They should mingle to
gether and observe the laws of social contact.
Their aims being identical, their methods
should be harmonious If those aims are to be
subserved.
I stood one day . la front of a factory and
eaw 600 men Ruing out io dinner. I said to
the owner oi the factory: "How many of
these men do you know?" He looked at me
astonished, and though he did not say it, I
knew he felt that I was very presumptuous.
The times require a change from conditions
like this. It has always been a question In
my mind whether the industrial development
of the nineteenth century has been of benefit
to human society; I once dined with a family
in New York, the housewife of which went to
a store and bought everything for the table,
including pressed meat, baked beans, brown
bread ana canned fruits. Everything came In
tins or glass Jars, and not a thing was pre
pared in that home.
When I was young, women touched home
life with the chaime of their personality. It
was an lasp!t alien to dine at a housewife's
table 9lty years ago. The modern eystem, the
result of advancement along Industrial lines,
seems to me to be radically wrong and worthy
of rtmodeiing. - \u25a0
We have not yet learned to extinguish that
characterietic by which we differentiate be
tween those antagonistic elements that make
up modern society. There is no complete har
mony of re#timent and idea. The mischief o£
th« modern social order is that the moment
people begin to accumulate money or lands or
any other valuables, other people begin to dif
ferentiate themselves from the cause that
should be harmoniously co-operated in by all
alike. Oarist received sinners and ate with
them, but the modern Phariseeism prompts
men to ignore those who are beneath them
socially, or whose degree is of the baser sort.
The greatest missionary society in the world
Is that society which follows the precepts of
Christ and establishes a brotherhood among all
sorts and conditions of men. That is the aim
of the Church Association for the Advance
ment of the Interests of Labor. It is to rem
edy defects we come in contact with every
day that the association was called into being.
Bishop Potter then spoke of^the opera
tions of the Board of Mediation and Con
ciliation of Ner, York,\df.7TrtrtdrTie'~t«r
president. He said the board came into
being without authority and added that
that was the reason probably why he was
chosen as its president.. The board was
in existence some ten years and had set
tled a number of momentous labor dis
turbances The operations of the board
were conducted on the principle that
nothing tangible could be accomplished if
the question of social contact was ig
nored. Resuming, he said:
HAEMOUY IS !LACKING.
fied. There should be a mutual understanding
between employers and their help, and. both
Ehould be animated by a common tie of brother
hood and fealty
Modern Social Rules Must
Be Ignored by Those
Who Hire
Help.
INTERESTS
OF ALL ARE
IDENTICAL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 133.
BISHOP POTTER MAKES EARNEST PLEA FOR HARMONY
BETWEEN THE WAGE-EARNERS AND THEIR EMPLOYERS
The San Francisco Call.PRELATES WHO FIGURE IN THE CONVENTION DEBATES.
Continued on Page Three*
Portions of Important Canon Adopted
by the Committee of the
Trinity Church was far too small to accom
modate all who desired to listen to the debate
DEPUTIES DISCUSS
BITES OF MABRIAGE
then put, and a deputy moved to lay It
on the table. This was lost by a vote of
163 to 157.
The original Motion was then discussed.
Lay Deputy James C. Buxton of North
Carolina arose and said that the subject
under consideration had been discussed
through the newspapers and religious pa
pers and was familiar to the whole coun
try; that the eyes of the people of the
church were looking to the convention to
take some action and that the people of
this city were interested in the discus
sion. He thought no member of the house
would use language that could not be
heard by the ladies. He therefore hoped
the house would not sit with closed doors.
A vote was taken and the motion was
lost by a vote of 201 to 126.
Deputy Lewis made a motion to ad
journ until 3 o'clock, as the convention,
could not take up the discussion' on, the
subject before the house until the com
mittee on rules had reported. Before an
adjournment was taken Chairman Lind
say appointed the following committees:
On conference — Rev. Dr. Mann of Western
Missouri, Rev. Dr. Grammer of South Virginia,
Rev. Dr. Waterman of New Hampshire, Mr.
Bassett of Rhode Island and Mr. Morris of New
York.
Trustees of theological .seminaries — Eev. Dr.
Bassett of Rhode Island, Rev. Dr. Nelson of
"Western New York, Rev. Dr. Grosvenor of New
Tork, Mr. Plerrepont of Long Island, Mr.
Hayes of Newark and Mr. Burwln of Pitts
burr.
It 13 proposed that the Trinity alumni
attending the convention or resident in
and near this city hold a reunion lunch
on Monday next at 1:30 p. m. at some
convenient place. Rev. C * E. Ball and J.
XV. Nichols have been chosen a commit
tee of arrangements.
An adjournment was then taken until
3 o'clock.
received. These alienated congregation*
refer chiefly to the body of worshipers
known as the Reformed Episcopal church
The committee reported that there had
been a great deal of correspondence on
the subject, and it was decided that Its
work should be Continued.
A conference committee on marginal
readings was also appointed. It will be
composed of Right Rev. Dr. Hall, Bishop
of Vermont; Right Rev. Dr. Gailor
Bishop of Tennessee, and Right Rev. Dr
Satterlee, Bishop of Washington.
on the proposed canon of the church on mar
riage and divorce, which was taken up by th«
House of Deputies yesterday afternoon.
The fair sex seemed to be especially inter
ested in the subject and they crowded the gal
leries • of the church and filled the aisles on
the main floor of the building
The Lord Bishop of Newcastle^ England and
the Lord Bishop of British Columbia occupied
?fo a n t8 trth t e he de P oa t t f e? rm EaV6 CarnC8t «^
Chairman Lindsay called the house to order
gas'-'aa'sr.tsas.'a s?aSLS
tel h of r .l olve ,? Uself into a commit
ff-t^sssnis- seiected to act " ««£k
lows- y sectlons - Tne message was as fol-
Thi£ e ??tYl e< ?>- the Hou ? e of Deputies concurring,
t ed e so-\ C S a t n o° n read: ParaSraPhSl *«* 2 ' b °
'|Of the solemnization of matrimony.
_^Jr ar , a Srapri L The solemnization of matri
mony In this church is a service in which the
mutual consent of the parties entering Into
this state of life Is given In the presence of
a minister, who, having pronounced them in
the name of the Holy Trinity to be man and
wife, invokes the divine blessing upon their
union.
"Paragraph 2. In the solemnization of matri
mony the ministers of this church shall be
careful to ascertain and to observe the law
of the State governing the civil contract of
marriage in the place where the service shall
be performed.
"Paragraph 3. (1) No minister shall solemn
ize the marriage of any person who under the
true men for these responsible offices Is
a solemn one. This morning: at 9:30 o'clock
the prelates will file into the chapel that
adjoins their meeting room in Trinity
Church. Holy communion will be cele
brated and then they will return and a
Vote will be taken. The five divines will
simply be nominated and their names re
ported to the House of Deputies for rati
fication. .
The report of the committee on the rec
onciliation of alienated congregations wa3
The motion to have the committee of
the whole sit with closed doors during the
discussion of marriage and divorce, was
ister, through whom they then exchange their
marriage vows, and • who having pronounced
them in the name of . the Holy Trinity to be
man and wife invokes upon their union the
blessing of the Triune God."
The reason why I have been led and urged
to offer this as an amendment to the report Is
that I know of no subject that can be brought
before this convention that touches so closely
and practically the life of our own church
people and the people of this land, and the
Christian people of the United States are
watching this convention to see 'what we are'
going to say about marriage and what we are
going to do about divorce.
I submit that the language of the first para
graph In canon 26 sent to us by the House of
Bishops Is- inaccurate and Infelicitous — "Par
ties entering into this state of life." Matri
mony Is not a state of life. It Is an act only.
It Is understood, of course, that the consent
given is given to Almighty God, and on that
rests the validity of the marriage contract.
I also urge that there must be some one
who knows that that consent has been given
and so the amendment' says "they must con
sent to a minister. " I believe that this church
has a right to say that marriage Is something
more than a mere consent, and that mere con
sent, while It will validate the marriage in the
eyes of the law, is not sufficient to satisfy the
demands of the chureh. and so there Is added
that after the consent is given they then ex-.
change their marriage vows.
The reason why this Is added is that con
sent is something that may be given to-day
and may be withdrawn to-morrow, but a vow
Is something very different; It can only be
disposed of In two ways— it may be kept or it
may be broken, and it ought to be understood
that the dissolution of marriage means some
thing more than the mere withdrawal of con
sent; It means the violation of a vow taken
before Almighty God.
A resolution was offered by a member
from the diocese • of "Western Virginia to
have the convention go into committee of
.the whole and to sit with closed doors.
The resolution waa divided and the con
vention decided to go into committee of
the whole by a vote of 215 to 96. !
/Mr. Stetson of New York moved that
the committee on rules be instructed to
report to tho house in the afternoon a
system of rules for the conducting of bus
iness in commiitee of the whole.
I "WANTED CLOSED SESSION.
FIVE • new missionary Bishops
will be nominated by the House
of Bishops at its session this
morning. This was decided
upon yesterday afternoon after
a long discussion of the subject.
There are five districts—Olym
pia, North Dakota, Hankow, China, Phil
ippine Islands and Porto Rico— in which
there are vacancies.
The ceremony of nominating tried and
Five Learned Episeopal Ministers to Be Chosen To-Day to
Take Up Cause of the Chureh in the Orient
and in the Northwest.
HOUSE OF BISHOPS WILL NOMINATE
PRELATES TO DO MISSIONARY WORK
appoint on the committee on the part of
the deputies two clergymen and one lay
man.
A vote was then taken on the amend
ment. It was 1 adopted by the following
vote:
Ayes. Noes. Divided.
Clerical 40 12 6
Lay deputies 44 9 1
The amendment 1b as follows:
No alteration . or amendment of this consti
tution shall be made unless the same shall be
first proposed at one triennial meeting of rtie
General Convention, and by a resolve thereof
be sent to the (Secretary of the convention of
every diocese, to be made known to the dio
cesan convention at its next meeting and be
adopted by the Oeneral Convention at its next
succeeding triennial meeting by a majority of
the whole number of Bishops entitled to vote
In the House of Bishops, and by a majority of
the clerical and lay deputies of all the dioceses
entitled to representation In the House of Depu
ties votlnsr by orders.
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York then called
for. the order of the day. This was the
discussion on marriage and divorce, and
was declared in order. The first speaker
'was Rev. Dr. Plttlnger. In part ha said:
It Is with no little hesitation that an humble
priest ventures to offer a substitute or amend
ment, but I submit that for a learned gentle
man, sitting in an editorial "chair, to theorize
about the subject of marriage and divorce is
one thing, while'to a man who Is on the line of
Rattle and knows and feels what this subject is
In the life of the American ptople it is another
thing.
Bo I venture to offer . the following as an
amendment to the report of the ! committee of
this house on the subject of marriage and di
vorce and if It Is thought proper to offer It as
a substitute for the first section sent to this
house from the House of Bishops:
Strike out paragraph . 1, • section 1, canon 13.
title 2, and amend paragraph 2 so as to read
as follows: "Section 8. The solemnization of
matrimony In this church la a holy ordinance
In which the parties entering into wedlock ex
press their, mutual consent thereto to a min-
RESULT OF THE VOTE.
Or. motion tho chair was authorized to
Rev. Mr. Tayler of Los Angeles said the
proposed amendment tied the .hands of
tho house. There were eighty votes in
the House of Bishops, but the convention
being held at points remote to many of
their dioceses they were unable f<.n" that
reason and on account of age anil infirm
ity to attend. Not more than seventy at
tended the conventions and of this num
ber several were absent at one tinje and
another, so that about sixty-five usually
transacted the business of the House of
Bishops. To carry any measure it. was ab
solutely necessary to have forty-one votes
out of the sixtv-five voting. While the
House of Deputies might pays a measure
unanimously, before it could become ef
fective it \u25a0was necessary not only to pass
this house, but tc overcome the majority
in the House of Bishops. In his opinion
this invalidated the proposed amendment.
: A vote was taken on ihe proposed
amendment and it was carried by a vote
of 40 clerics and 44 laymen to 12 clerics
and 9 laymen in the negative; divided -7.
Dr. Grammer then introduced the fol
lowing resolution, which was placed on
the calendar with a similar resolution of
fered by. Dr. Mann:
Resolved, the House of Bishops concurring.
That the marginal readings for the English ver
sion of the Apocrypha, reported to this house
by the joint commission, be published under the
direction of said commission and are hereby
permitted for use by the ministers of this
church in the public service of the church.
A message was received from the House
of Bishops asking: for a committee of con
ference on the proposed amendment to the
resolution on marginal readings, and no
tifying that It had appointed a6 its part
of the committee the Eishops of Tennes
see, Vermont and "Washington.
fully considered arid acted on understand
ingly. I
Deputy Stiness of Rhode Island ex
plained the proposed article and said the
proposition was one that came up in
every convention. He reviewed the action
of preceding conventions on the question
of concurrent vote by dicceses: The pro
posed amendment required a majoiity of
all the delegates by orders instead of by
dioceses. The only new provision was that
requiring a majority of all of the Bishops
as well as of all the members of the
House of Delegates to pass a measure. He
urged that inasmuch as a majority of
delegates was required, the same require
ment should be applied in the House of
Bishops,
OBJECTS TO AMENDMETH!.
No alteration or amendment of this constitu
tion shall be made unless the same shall be
first proposed at one triennial meeting: of the
General Convention, and by a resolve thereof be
sent to the secretary of the convention of every
diocese, to be made known to the diocesan con
vention at Us next meeting, and be adopted by
the General Convention at lta next succeeding
triennial meeting by a majority of the whole
number of Bishops entitled to vote In the House
of Bishops, and by a majority of the clerical
and lay deputies of all the dioceses entitled to
representation in the House of Deputies voting
by orders.
The debate was long and interesting.
Speeches were made by ex-Governor
Prince of New Mexico.- Rev. Dr. Fulton
of Pennsylvania, Deputy R. T. Payne,
Rev. Dr. Tayler of Los Angeles, Judge
Stiness and others.
Deputy Robert Treat Paine of Massa
chusetts declared that this was the most
important measure that had come before
a convention of the church since 1769. It
contemplated a revolutton, and 'its effect
and purpese were not generally under
stood and appreciated. He earnestly
urged that action on It be deferred till the
meeting of the next Triennial Conven
tion in order that It might be more care-
ARTICLE IS ADOPTED.
The secretary then read the rroposed
amendment to the constitution, which fol
lows :
Mr.Saundcrs offered as an amendment
that the housa take tho matter up by .a
unanimous vote. Mr. Lightner of Minne
sota rose to a point of order, but waa not
sustnined. Mr. Brown closed further
quibbling by moving that the hou:-e take
up the discussion or the eleventh section
of the constitution at once. This motion
•was adopted, und Dr. E«ar, the leader of
debate on matters pertaining to the con
stitution, took the platform and explained
the section. . "
Rev. Dr. Gre^r of New York was de
sirous of learning what action the House
of Bishops had taken on certain proposed
amendments. He offered a resolution
with a. view to securing this Information,
and moved that the house consider the
eleventh article of the constitution. The
resolution was placed on the calendar.
Later- Delegate Lewis of Pennsylvania
moved to have it taken from the calendar.
Dr. Spaldlng of Alabama in seconding
this moticn started to tell the convention
what one of the Bi3hops told him on the
previous day, but was not permitted tu
tllvuliw th« Interesting information.
Whenever a missionary Jurisdiction shall be
come a diocese the missionary Bishop of the
Jurisdiction shall become the Bishop of the dio
cese if he so elect.
Rev. Dr. Oberly of New Jersey offered
an amendment to the constitution, which
he said would be title 3 of article IV and
would be numbered section 5. It was as
follows:
Provided such form or directory shall contain
or enjoin nothing contrary to the doctrine of
this church, shall make provision for the apos
tolic rite of confirmation, and shall require, in
the administration of the sacraments of bap
tism and the supper of the Lord, the unfailing
use of the words, acts and elements ordained
by Christ himself; and provided further, that
no such congregation shall be admitted into
union with a diocesan convention until It has
been organized as a parish or congregation of
this church, in accordance 'with canonical re
quirements, and until It has been duly certified
in such form as shall be provided by canon,
that Book of Common Prayer Is the use of
such congregation. , , '"
AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION.
ion and for that reason he moved the
adoption of all but that resolution.
In view of the fact that the next regular
step in the proceedings under this head
must be a request from the House of
Bishops for conference on the subject, a
delegate objected to the consideration at
that time of the resolutions and under the
rule they went over.
Rev. Dr. McKim of Washington asked
to have the following amendment to the
constitution, passed at the last General
Convention, referred to the committee on
amendments:
But any Bishop of this church, acting by and
with the advice and consent of the standing
committee of his diocese or missionary Juris
diction, may take under his spiritual oversight
any congregation oi Christian people not there
tofore in communion with this church, which
accepts the Apostles' Creed and the Nicene
Creed, and whose minister, having received
episcopal ordination, approved by this church,
shall covenant, as may be prescribed by canon,
to use In public worship in the said congrega
tion such form or directory as the said Bishop
shall set forth and authorize.
A. J. Sowden of Boston offered a resolu
tion asking the election of General \V. W
Skiddy of Connecticut as treasurer of the
convention. The motion prevailed
Rev. William Reed HunUngton, chair
man of the committee on amendments
submitted a lengthy report, and the rec
ommendations of the committee were
adopted in nearly all instances. Its recom
mendation that the delegates from mis
sionary districts be entitled to vote ex
cept when the vote is taken by orders
was placed on the calendar.
Rev. Dr. Alsop. chairman of the com
mittee on new dioceses, reported on the
petition of the people of Kansas, who de
sire- setting off the western part of the
territory for a missionary district He
eaid the committee has had the matter
under consideration and has been unable
to agree; that there were two reports to
be submitted. In behalf of the majority
be read the folio-wing resolution:
Resolved, the House of Bishops concurrlne
That the petition of Kansas to have thar see
erected into a missionary district be granted.
Rev. Dr. Payne read the report of the
minority. They were opposed to the re
quest being granted. The report showed
that the territory to be set aside for
missionary districts would comprise 56
703 square miles with a population of 600 -
000. He asked that the committee be dis
charged from further consideration of the
subject. Both reports were pla'ced on the
calendar.
Rev. Dr. Neville of Rome, as delegate of
the Convocation of American Churches in
Europe, presented two memorials, which
\u25a0were placed on the calendar. The first
asked for representation of such* churches
in the General Convention, with limited
power to vote. The second asked the con
vention to consider whether- some better
proi'lslon than that now existing could
not be devised for the Episcopal oversight
of s-uch. churches, suited to their growth
and improved condition.
Rev. -Dr. Beatty, on behalf of the'cleri
cal and lay delegates, offered the follow
ing resolution:
TEEASXTBEE IS ELECTED.
The committee on admission of new dioceses
has had referred to them the petition of the
diocese of Ehanghai praying for the division of
Its territory into two dioceses, and also a mes
sage from the House of Bishops granting the
eame.
Resolved, That this house concur in this reso
lution.
The committee unanimously asked for
Its immediate consideration. A vote re
suited in the concurrence of the action of
the House of Bishops.
Dr. Lindsay then announced the names
cf members composing the trustees of the
fund for the relief of widows and orphans
of deceased clergymen and of aged, inr
firm and disabled clergymen. They are:.
Rev. Vt. Parks, New York; Rev. Mr. Denslln,
Indiana; Rev. Dr. Bodine. Pennsylvania; W.
H. Butler of Central Pennsylvania; Henry C.
Cunningham, Georgia, and A. S. Browine,
AVashineion.
Dr. Marshall, chairman of the commit
tee on elections, reported that Hector
Baxter was entitled to a seat in the house
In place of Charles Gordon, who was un
able to attend, from the diocese of Minne
sota, and James H. Campbell from the
ciocese of Western Michigan in place of
another delegate who was unable to at
tend.
Mr. Knight of Georgia, on behalf of the
committee on expenses, presented a report
which set forth that the receipts during
the last three years amounted to $13,029 41
and the expenses $12,200 59, leaving a bal
ance on hand of $728 82. The committee
recommended the re-election of General
W. W. Skiddy of Connecticut as treas
urer. The committee made recommenda
tions In .-detail regarding the allowance to
the presiding Bishop for traveling ex
penses, the salaries of the secretary and
assistant secretaries, and also recom
mended that the treasurer and secretary
be authorized to levy an assessment not
exceeding the sum of one dollar for each
clergyman in every diocese, should it be
found necessary in the interval, till the
next triennial meeting of the General Con
vention; also in regard to the -printing
and distribution of the Journal and digest
of proceedings. The report was, on mo
tion, accepted.
-\u25a0\u25a0. RCTMPTLT at 10 o'clock yester-
II a \ day morning Chairman Lind
\\ \u25a0 |9 say of the House of Deputies
H-^^^ called that body to order. Sec
yi retary Hutchins read the min
\u25a0**\u25a0 utes of the preceding session
and they were adopted.
By general consent Rev. Dr. Alsop was
prermitted to read a resolution of the
committee on new dioceses. It is as fol
lows :
Dr. Mann said that the third resolution
was the only one on which he could an
ticipate any debate or difference of.opin-
..Rev. Dr. Mann of West Missouri offered
a series of resolutions which he premised
were designed to wind up the question of
marginal readings. The resolutions fol
low:
That the Joint commission on marginal read-
Ings be continued. That • the commission have
power to publish an edition or editions of the
Bible containing the marginal .readings which
have been or shall be allowed by this conven
tion. That these readings be printed In the
margin of the Bible. That if the committee
find It Impracticable to publish such an edition
or editions of the Bible they be directed to pub
lish the readings which have been or shall be
allowed by this convention In a separate vol
ume, - copies of which shall be sent to every
clergyman of this church.
Whereas, the House of Deputies desires said
vote shall be taken and recorded so that the
count will show the actual affirmative and
negative votes on every question voted on by
orders together with the correct expression of
the will of the diocese so voting; therefore be it
Resolved, That all divided votes shall be
counted by the secretary a« a one-half vote In
the affirmative and as a one-half vote in the
negative and shall be so recorded by the secre
tary to the credit of the order casting said
divided vote. . . .
Whereas, the General Convention of 1901 hav
ing Just massed an amendment of the consti
tution giving one ypte each to the clerical and
lay delegates, when vote Is taken by orders, and
Instantly the house was In an uproar
of disapproval and dissent. Rev. Dr.
Fulton withdrew his second and a motion
was made to lay the proposed amendment
on the table, followed by a motion to
throw it out entirely and refuse to con
sider it. The storm soon subsided arid the
house calmed down sufficiently to allow
the proposed amendment to take the reg
ular course in the hands of the commit
tee on constitutional amendments.
Thomas H. Walbridge of Ohio presented
the following resolution, which was re
ferred to the committee on'constltutlonal
amendments:
Because with all frankness, gentlemen, per
sonally I do not consider it necessary to the
administration of the Lord's supper that the
administrator shall have received episcopal
sanction.
Rev. Dr. Huntington asked the gentle
man why -he had omitted certain portions
relating to the administration of the Sac
rament by duly ordained priests. Dr.
Donald replied:
CHANGE HX CONSTITUTION.
Resolved; the House of Bishops concurring,
That the following change be made in the con
stitution and that the proposed alterati6n be
made known to the several dioceses In order
that the eame may be adopted in the next
General Convention in accordance with article
II of the constitution, viz.: Add to article X
the following: "But any Bishop of this church,
acting by and with the advice and consent of
the standing committee of his diocese or mis
sionary Jurisdiction may take under his over
sight any congregation of Christian people not
theretofore in communion with this church,
which accepts the Apostles' Creed and the
Nicene Creed and whose minister shall cov
enant a» may be prescribed by canon of the
General Convention to use in public worship
In the eaid congregation such form or directory
as the General Convention by canon shall set
forth and authorize.
Rev. Dr. E. W. Donald of Massachusetts
offered an amendment to the constitution,
prefacing the offer by saying:
Whatever the informed gentlemen of the con
vention may think of the effect of the defeat
of the so-called Huntington amendment on the
Protestant Episcopal church, I think there can
be no doubt In the minds of a majority of the
convention of what the effect of its defeat is
to be upon the attitude of the Christian people
of America toward the Episcopal church. I
think the effect of It is to be disastrous, and,
therefore, with great reluctance, I venture to
ask that the following resolution may be rc
lerred to the committee on amendments to the
constitution. If the gentlemen will turn to
page 2S6 of the Journal of 1838 it will obviate
the necessity of my reading my entire resolu
tion :
Rev. Dr. McConnell moved that the me
morial from the people of Hawaii asking
for the establishment of a diocese be re
ferred to the committee on new dioceses.
The motion was carried.
Whereas, the announcement of the death of
the Right Rev. Alexander Burgess, late Bishop
of Quiney. has been made during the sitting
of the House of Clerical and Lay Deputies;
therefore.
Resolved. That this house has heard with
sorrow of the departure of this faithful servant
of Christ and is grateful to God for the emi
nent, services which he has been permitted to
render to the church and kingdom of Christ.
Dr. Beatty said he proposed the adop
tion of the resolution, as it was his privi
lege of voting for Bishop Burgess when
he was elected president of the House of
Deputies. It was adopted by a rising
vote.
Clauses as to 1 Sdemnizatibri \ of '-Mar
riage Are Voted Upon and
Adopted,
House of Deputies, Sitting as a Com
mittee, Debates the Subjeet
Pro and Con.
CLERGY AND LAYMEN
DISCUSS MATRIMONY
THE FAN IRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1001.
CANONS ON RITES OF MARRIAGE FORMALLY ADOPTED
2NEW TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 10.— The
jury In the case of the State against ex-
Chief Justice cf the Supreme Court of
this State Simon Scott, charged with
criminal assault, returned a verdict of
not guilty this afternoon after being out
half an hour.
Ex-Chief Justice Not Ghiilty.
' Hill Banles the Story.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 10.— When Presi
dent J. J. Hill of . the Great Northern
Railway system was this afternoon shown
a dispatch from New York stating that a
plan had been formulated and practically
agreed upon for the formation of a new
company which will take over the^ man
agement of the Great Northern, the
Northern Pacific and the Burlington he
said briefly: "That is simply a sensational
story. There is no truth In it. Not a
word of truth in it."
At Detroit. Mich., yesterday Alexander "Win
ton of Cleveland drove his heavy racing auto
mobile a mile in 1:12 2-5, lowering the world's
track record for an automobile for this distance
1 3-5 seconds.
George Green was awarded the decision over
Tommy Ryan on a foul last night in a ten
round fight at Kansas City. Ryan struck
Green -while the latter was on his knees in
the sixth round.
"Jim" Kennedy, the sports promoter, is due
in this city Monday evening. He will remain
until after the Jeffries-Ruhlin fight.
William C. Whitney has purchased the crack
filly of the year. Endurance by Right. The
price is said to have been $30,000.
The regular monthly exhibition of the San
Francisco Athletic Club will be held to-night
in Its gymnasium. 817 Sixth street. Eight box
ing bouts have been arranged by Alex Greg-
gains. The fights should be fast, as Greggalns
will referee them. He has a way of stirring
up the men In the ring.
Sport Jottings.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— At Morris Park to-day
Chuctanunda broke the track record for seven
furlongs, running the distance in 1:28. The
best previous mark was 1:26V4, made by Modrine
last year.
Musette won the Bronx high -weight handi
cap at six furlongs in 1:13, supplanting War
ing's track record of 1:13U- Results:
First race, six furlongs— Stuart won, Roxane
second, St. Finnan third. Time, 1:10%.
Second race, five furlongs— Leonora Loring
won. Neither One second, Ice Water third.
Time, :69%.
• Third raoe. the Belle Meade stakes." seven
furlongs— Chuctanunda won, Paul Clifford sec
ond. Princess Pepper i third. Time, 1:26.
Fourth race, Bronx high Weight handicap, six
furlongs — Musette won, Cameron second Smart
Set third. Time. 1:13.
. Fifth race, one mile— Peninsula won, Tom
Kenny second. Lady Radnor third. Time,
1:41%. • i '.;^ v *\u25a0-\u25a0'-
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, Kelllng— The'
Amazon won. Prince Richard second; Hammock
third. Time, 1:46%.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Sting won.
Fugurtha second, Sir Lewis third. Time. 1:03
Second race. \u25a0 seven furlongs, . selling— Beii
.O'Fallon won, Deblase second, J. v. Hays
third. Time. 1:30. . • \
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling
-'The Klba won. Little Chlco second W. J.
Baker third. Time. l:10',i. "
Fourth race, the St. Louis Fair stakes, sell
ing, $1000 added, mile and seventy yards— Lady
Strathmore won, Peaceful second, Lunar third
Time. 1:45%.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-—
Track Records Broken.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— A Journal special
from Sofia, Bulgaria, says: Three battal
ions of the Sixth Bulgarian Infantry Reg
iment marched through the country be
tween I>ubnltza and Bamako v and
searched the villages of the Riloklosters
district, in one of which' it was reported
the brigands had concealed Miss Stone.
Colonel Geschof, at the head of a search
ing party, composed of 300 Bulgarian in
fantry and 500 dragoons, is scouring, the
ranges of Dospat and the Rhodopegeblr
gen. The* reputed leader of the gang who
killed Stambuloff has met his fate. Sus
pected of being associated in the cap
ture of Miss Stone he was shot dead on
the frontier near Kostendit. v
Shot Dead on. "the Frontier of Bul
guria Near Kostendit.
CUE OF THE BANDITS SLAIN.
CLOVERALE, Oct. 10.— The most unique
wedding which has taken place in this
town for many a day was celebrated this
morning at 5 o'clock. The contracting
parties were O. C. Williams and Miss
Bertha McCray. The groom is a promi
nent Knight Templar of the State and
secretary of Curtis Lodge No. 140. F. and
A. M. Ho is 21 years of age. a native
of Massachusetts, and has resided- in
Cloverdalo for over twenty-five yeais.
Tho bride Is a native daughter, having
been born near Cloverdale twenty-seven
years ago. She holds a life diploma as
a school teacher and hag^ taught school
in this county for several years.
At the wedding none but members of
the farniiy were present/ Nn word was
giver, out beforehand, but in the early
dawn it was discovered that the ceremony
was about to take place and a bonfire
was started in the street. The fire bell
was .runj; and a crowd gathered, to be
disappointed at finding no fire, but glad
to be able to assist in escorting the newly
wedded couple to the early morning train.
Old shoes and rice were scattered In pro
fusion at the train and a banner was
hung at the side of the car. It bore "this
inscription: "Married at 5:30 a. m. and
escorted away by the fire company."
Interesting Scene at Cloverdale When
a Couple Start on Their
Honeymoon. .
WEDDED IN THE DAWN
AND CHEERED BY CITIZENS
XEW YORK. Oct. 10.— World's records
for the automobile from one to six miles
were literally blown out of sight to-day
at the Empire City track by H<»nri Four
nitr. the French chauffeur, accompanied
by TF\ K. Vanderbllt Jr. The fastest mile
of the six was made in 1:06 4-5, compared
with Fournier's world's record of 1:13%,
made recently on the Fort Erie track.
Albert C. Bostwick, with an American
\ r ehlcle. preceded Fournler in a trial for
rf-cords up to and including five miles.
He did the first mile in 1:13 3-5 and estab
lished new records for three and four
miles and for half an hour held the rec
r>rd. Then Fournier came out, accompa
/nied by Mr. Vanderbilt, and put the old
f figures far in the background. Fournier's
slowest mile was made in 1:08 3-5.
While asleep in his room at 717 Kearny
street Wednesday night Attorney Tom
Quigley was robbed of $85 and a goM
watch and chain. Quigley suspects a man
whom he saw loitering in the hallway just
before he entered his room of having rob
bed him. Detective Anthony is searching
for the robber.
Attorney Qulgley Bobbed.
Miss Genevieve Hecker, Essex Country Club—
Out 54, in 48, total 102; extra hole, 6. Misa G.
M. Bishop, Brooklawn, Conn.— Out 48, in 4S, to
tal 98; extra hole, 7. Mrs. A. E. Manice, Len
nox, Mass., beat Miss Mollle Adams of Wol
laeton, Mass., by two up and 1 to play. Mrs.
Manice — Out 61, in 43, -total 94. Misa Adams-
Out 49, in 45, total 94.
The second round of match play for the con
solation cup resulted as follows: Miss Elsa
Hurlburt, Morris County, beat Miss "W. E. Mor
gran, Baltusrol by one up: Miss Elsie Cassatt,
Philadelphia, beat Miss Ft. M. Goffe, Orange,
by one up and on 19 holes; Miss Ethel Burnett,
Cincinnati, beat Mrs. W. M. Gorham, Philadel
phia, by one up; Mrs. B. S. Porter, Oakiey,
Mass., beat Mrs. C. Fox, Huntington Valley,
Pa., by two up and one to play.
For the consolation cup the survivors
are Miss Hurlburt, who -will . meet Miss
Elsie Cassatt, and Miss Ethel Burnett of
Cincinnati, who will play Miss Elizabeth
S. Porter of Boston In semi-finals. The
scores:
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Only four play
ers remain of the four score of women
golfers who entered for this year's na
tional golf championship. They are Miss
Margaret Curtis of the Oakley Country
Club, Massachusetts; Miss Lucy Herron,
Cincinnati; Mrs. E. A. Manice, Lennox,
Mass., and Miss Genevieve Hecker of the
Essex Country Club, New Jersey. . The
feature of to-day's playing was the defeat
of Miss Bessie Anthony of Chicago by
Miss Margaret Curtis of Oakley, Mass.
Game To-Day Decides Which Two
Women Will Play in the All-
Important Final.
FOXJB, GOLFERS REMAIN
IN FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
Plans were laid to murder two Quon?
Duck men in Washington alley yesterday
morning, but at the sight of tie police
the highbinders made their escape.
Conboy arrested twelve Chinese who
joined in the chase and who persisted Jn
trying to enter to kill the merchant.
They were charged with obstructing the
streets.
Highbinders continue to arrive la thl*
city to participate in the war now on be
tween the Suey Duns and the Quons Duck
Tons. About twenty hired murderers ar
rived yesterday and, according: to police
predictions; much blood will be spilled be
fore a settlement can be effected.
Yesterday afternoon a body of six gun.
men cornered Louie Fung, a. merchant
and member of the Suey Dun Tongr, In a
restaurant at the corner of Waverly place
and "Washington street. They chased the
marked man from Jackson street, but
were- prevented from shooting: by the
number of pedestrians in the street
When Fung rar. into tha restaurant the
highbinders were about to enter and kill
him, when Sergeant Conboy and posse ar
rived on the scene.
All public officials, organized bodies and the
press are requested to take immediate steps
to secure, at the earliest possible time, a full
response to this appeal. The association looks
to the press of the country to lend its efficient
aid to the collection and forwarding of sub
scriptions.
Money may be deposited In banks and other
fincncial institutions, with telegraph, telephone
and express offices, and with postmasters, who
are requested to receive and transmit it to
the treasurer promptly.
The trustees of the association -will receive
{subscriptions. Subscriptions abroad may be re
reived by the Embassadors. Ministers and Con
suls of the United States and in Cuba. Porto
Rico Hawaii and the Philippine Islands by
the respective Go\-ernors thereof or persons au
thorized by them. Remittances may be made
directly to -Myron T. Herrick, treasurer, Cleve
land.
The association Trill prepare and distribute
to all donors to the fund a souvenir certificate
Tihi'-h will be worthy of preservation as evi
<Vnce of the holder's participation in the work.
The name and postofflce address of each con
tributor should be forwarded to the treasurer
of the association with the fund remitted for
preservation in the permanent archives of the
association.
It Is hoped that the response of the people
will be liberal that a memorial may be
erected which will fittingly honor the memory
of our martyred President and emphasize their
loyalty <o our institutions and their abhor
rriice of that spirit of lawlessness which in
tpired the assassin.
The President of the United States and
tho Governors of ail States and Terri
tories were unanimously elected honorary
members of the association by the trus
tees. .
The co-operation cf Governors and officers of
Suites and municipalities of the United States,
and all religious, educational, civic, patriotic.
Jraternal, benevolent and other organizations
is cordially invited.
The memorial is to be in the highest sense
the sincere expression of all the people of the
Cbuntry oi their love for President McKinley
and their admiration for the qualities expressed
eo eminently in his life and deeds.
It is the purpose to have the offerings of the
people voluntary, v.ith a full opportunity to
allow all to contribute.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Oct. 10.— At a con
ference of the trustees of the ilcKinley
National Association held at Senator
Hanna's office here to-day the following
statement was issued to the public:
The Preside-t of the United States, at the
request of Mrs. McKinley and members of the
family, named the following board of trustees:
Cornelius X. Bliss. New York; Thomas Dolan.
I'hiladslphia; "\V. Murray ane. Boston; Alex
ander H. Reveli, Chicago Charles W. Fair
banks, Indianapolis; Henry M. Duf field, De
troit; George B. Cortelyou. Washington; Ell
Torrence, Minneapolis; William A. Lynch.
Canton; Marcus A. Hanna, Cleveland; John G.
JAUbazn. Buffalo: William McConway, Fitts
turg; David R Francis, St. Louis; Robert J.
Lowry. Atlanta ; Henry C. Payne, Milwaukee;
Henry T. Scott. San Francisco; Franklin
Murphy, Newark. N. J. ; William R. Day,
Canton; Myron T. Herrick, Cleveland.
The trustees, having qualified, proceeded to
the election of officers, choosing as president
William R. Day; vice president, Marcus A.
Hanna; treasurer, Myron T. Herrick; secretary,
Ryerscn Rich, Cleveland.
Tiie purpose of th « association, as defined in.
its certificate of incorporation, is the erection
and rr.alr.ter.ance at Canton, Ohio, of a suit
eb'.e memorial to the late President and raising
the necessary funds for such purpose and fully
providing therefor, the surplus of such funds.
if any to be devotc-d to such memorial as may
Ije provided for the lat* President at the na
tional capital. The memorial will be erected
at Canton, that city having been his h/.me
throughout his public life and selected by him
ts his nn&l renting place.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— To attack the
city of Panama and to destroy or capture
Governor General Alban and forces is to
be the next move of the revolutionists on
the Isthmus of Panama. The hope of the
leaders was explained last night by Dr.
Restrepo, agent in this city for the Lib
eral, or insurgent, party in Colombia.
"I have received a code letter from a
lawyer in Panama, whose "name I would
gladly give except that it would imperil
his life." said Dr. Restrepo, "in which the
movements of one force there are record
ed. Within two weeks an expedition con
sisting of the civilian chief Don Diaz Do
mingo, General Lugo and General Cortis
soz and sixty stall officers have been
landed at Point Chame, fifty miles from
Panama. The expedition sailed from
Nicaragua and brought 2500 rifles, three
mountain Krupp guns and 500,000 car
tridges. Guerrillas of the surrounding
country have met the expedition, and
troops are now being drilled for *the at
tack upon Panama, which will be by both
land and sea. General Alban has less than
1000 soldiers in Panama, and. in the city
prisons are 500 Liberal prisoners. The for
eign element In Panama is all with us,
and 80 per cent of the natives. In fact,
the city is nearly deserted, as men have
gone to enlist with our troops. The
Cnited States battleship Iowa is in the
harbor, but I can assure you that no prop
erty of any United States citizens will be
molested. We have three thousand men
now under arms near Panama and two
gunboats. The attack will not be made
for several days. Then we shall demand
that General Alban and his forces sur
render. If our demands are not complied
with a battle will follow."
Colombian revolutionary representatives
in this city say that Rio Hacha, near
which town the insurgents were defeated
recently, is besieged by 6000 rebels and
several gunboats, of which some belong
to the Venezuelan Government.
"No provisions can reach the city either
by land or sea," said Secretary Perez of
the local revolutionary agency, "and it
is only a question of a short time when
Rio Hacha must fall Into our hands."
COLON. Colombia, Oct. 10 (via Galves
ton). — An official bulletin, dated from Bar
ranqullla, October 6, makes the following
statement, but gives no details of the
event referred to:
"The French steamer Fournel brings
news that General Uribe-TJribe was utter
ly routed at Tachira and arrived at Mara
caibo on the morning of October 3. News
has been received here from Panama that
the Chilean cruiser Ministro Zeneteno will
shortly visit that port. In token of the
Chilean Government's high appreciation
of the manifestation of respect when the
remains of the late Senor Vicuna, the
Chilean Minister to the United States,
were crossing the isthmus."
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Uterp won. Nannie Nolan second, Loone third
Time. 1:49%. «
•Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Lady Cur
zon won. Klba second, Samlval third. Time,
1:29%. - .'
, CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Worth summaries: '
First race, seven furlongs — Oliver Me won,
Frank Ireland second, Boomerack third. Time
1:29 1-5.
Second race, mile and a .quarter— Kentucky
Babe won. Sarilla second. Fox Bard third.
Time. 2:00.
Third race, five • furlongs— Jack Ratlin 'won.
Gallantry second, Ivucien Appleby third. Time
1:01 1-5.
Fourth race, one mile, Worth handicap— TIir
Lady won, W. J. Deboe second, Argrcgor third
Time. 1:40 3-5. i " -.. .
Fifth race, six furlongs — Lyror Belle won,
Evelyn Byrd second, Andes third. Time,
1:14 1-5. -
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Step On
ward won. St. Hera, second. Lingo third. Time,
1:08 2-5. -
Hansel. MIbs Mae Cullen: Gretel, Miss Helen
Heath; Sandman, Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter;
angels— Misses Jessie Burns, Estelle Davidson,
Maybelle Craig, Agne3 Achman, Mabel Gross,
Anna Denke, Mabel Burns, Clara Gutching,
Helen Wilson. Sophie Schernsteln, Olga Her
man, Ella Blake, Marguerite Schleef, Viola
Rembough. Most ot the musical talent came
from San Francisco. Mrs. Arthur Flckenshar
was the accompanist. ' Over one thousand Rovers
of music listened to the recital and opera, many
of them coming from San Jose and other neigh
boring towns.
"Hansel and Gretel" Is an old German
fairy tale in which two children. Hansel
and Gretel, sent into the woods to gather
berries, become lost and, as night draws
on, are badly frightened by the strange
sounds they hear and uncanny forms they
see. \u25a0 Finally the Sandman appears, lulls
them to sleep and they are then seen at
the close with protecting angels hovering
around them.
Miss Helen Heath's portrayal of the
character of Gretel was the hit . of the
evening. She acted the part perfectly and
her excellent soprano . voice was at its
best. Miss Mae Cullen played the part of
Hensel in a charmingly vivacious man
ner, eliciting frequent applause. Mrs.
Dexter had the difficult part of the Sand
man, but she acquitted herself admirably.
The prettiest feature of the opera was the
closing scene in the woods when the four
teen young ladies representing angels ap
peared hovering over the sleeping . chil
dren. They were attired in white and their
graceful movements were well set oft by
the stage setting of dark green.
The cast of the opera was as follows: . .
The opening- numbers of the programme
were the old German folk songs, "Drel
Roeseleln" and "Abschied," sung by a
double quartet composed of the Misses
Helen Heath, Mae Cullen, Maybelle Craig,
Mabel Gross, Jessie Burns, Lulu Feld
heim, Estelle Davidson and Mrs. Cecilia
Cox. The numbers were exceedingly well
rendered and enthusiastically received, as
were also the solos by Mrs. Cox, Mrs.
Carrie Brown Dexter and Miss Maud Fay.
Both Mrs. Cox and Mrs. Dexter sang
selections composed by FIckensher,, with
words by Professor Goebel. *
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.
"Hansel and Gretel," a German fairy
opera in three acts, written by Adelheid
Wette, with music composed by Eugene
Humperdinck, was presented to a large
audience in the Assembly Hall this even
ing.
To Professor Goebel of the German de
partment credit is due for the rare musi
cal treat, he having made .the necessary
arrangements for the production and
otherwise had general supervision. The
opera, and the recital of German folk
songs preceding It, were under the direc
tion of Herr Arthur FIckensher of San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. Huntington admitted to-day, that
his aunt, Mrs. Collis P. Huntington, may
donate to the city of San Francisco the
big Huntington mansion on Nob Hill, in
that city.
Mr. Huntington said: "The belt line road
will be built, and "that soon. The story
that we paid $32,000 for the franchise for
the mere purpose of keeping out rjvals is
silly, to say the least. On the' contrary,
work on the belt line will be begun at
once, and it will be ready for service
within the time allowed in the franchise.
We already have on the ground sufficient
steel to set the work well along.
"Mr. Hellman 2nd I have had no oppor
tunity for discussion, for many weeks,
and our plans have been long In matur
ing, but we now have brought matters
to such a point that definite, final action
is necessary, and that is the reason of our
meeting here."
It is the avowed Intention of the Hunt
ington-Hellman syndicate to hereafter
make Los Angeles and its vlciniiy the
chief field of Its operations. It has been
generally understood for some time that
the Market Street railway system of San
Francisco has been all but transferred to
a wealthy Baltimore syndicate, and $15,
000.000 has been named as the purchase
price. - - . -. . -\u25a0::-" •
"We are preparing to spend a large
amonnt of money during the coming year,
and it will be spent in Los Angtles. I
cannot say what the amount will be, but
it will run into the millions." This was
the statement of Mr. Hellman.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— Two men of
many millions met in Los Angeles to-day
to discuss that portion of the city's fu
ture that is to be gridironed by urban and
interurban railway lines. They were H.
E. Huntington and I. W. Hellman, and It
was the first opportunity the two mag
nates had had for months for a solid busi
ness discussion.
Mr. Huntington came to town nearly a
week ago. Mr. Hellman arrived this
morning. They held a long 1 conference in
the afternoon and another at night in the
Hotel Van Nuys, and the result of their
agreement '\u25a0 means the distribution of a
million and more in the local field within
a very short time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 10. — The wholly unsatis
factory situation In South Africa contin
ues to call out the most severe criticism.
Lord Kitchener to-day wires that General
Botha- has crossed the Pivaau River,
twenty miles north of Vryheid, which
means that he has again escaped the
British cordon.
General Buller, in- a speech this after
noon, complained of the general criticism,
especially In the newspapers, of himself.
He admitted he had advised General Sir
George White that it would possibly be
necessary to surrender Ladysmith, but,
bearing in mind all the circumstances of
the case, he was quite prepared to let the
public judge of the justifiability of the
newspaper attacks.
HEBRON, Orange River Colony, Oct.
7. — Thirteen of Kitchener's scouts have
been captured in a Boer ambush.
CALL BTJREAJT, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— Bulgaria's
efforts to rescue Miss Stone may lead to
her death. From what the Washington
authorities have- been inclined to criticize
as dilatoriness the Bulgarian Government
has Jumped to the utmost energy in con
nection with Miss Stone's case. Advices
received by the State Department show
that a military force has been set in mo
tion against the mountain stronghold In
which the brigands with their captive
have taken refuge. Consul General Dick
inson fears that if any atack is made the
brigands will not hesitate to murder Miss
Stone. He is making urgent representa
tions to the Bulgarian Government to di
rect its force to await the result of the
negotiations wih the brigands before
authorizing an attack. Once the woman
is liberated this Government will urge
Bulgaria to take vigorous measures for
the arrest and punishment of all con
cerned In Miss Stone's abduction.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 10.— The sur
rounding movement of Turkish and Bul
garian troops on Gueltepe Mountain, on
the Turko-Bulgarian frontier, near Dub
nitza, has commenced. The presence of
Miss Stone and the bandits on the moun
tain Is confirmed. The inhabitants of
Dubnitza are supplying the outlaws with
food.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— With reference to
the announcement that the Turkish and
Bulgarian troops are surrounding the ab
ductors of Miss Stone the Globe says that
It considers that unless tne movement Is
suspended until she is safe out of the
hands of the brigands there will infallibly
be a repetition of the tragedy in Greece
during the year 1870, when Lord Muncas
ter and a party were captured. Lord
Muncaster was released In order to nego
tiate for a ransom of £25,000.) Then, as
now, an attempt was made to surround
the brigands, with the result that four
gentlemen of the party were murdered.
Lord and Lady Muncaster and a party
of English travelers were seized by Greek
brigands April 11, 1870, at Oropos, near
Marathon. Lord Muncaster and the la
dies of the party were sent to treat for
the £25,000 demanded as ransom, with ,a
free pardon for the brigands. The latter
were surrounded by troops, and in re
treating»on"April 21 killed Mr. Vyner, Mr.
Lloyd, Mr. Herbert and Count de Boyl.
The incident caused great excitement,
especially as many influential persons
were charged with connivance at the
brigandage. Several of the brigands were
killed and seven were captured, tried and
condemned May 23 of the same year. On
June 20, 1870, five of the brigands were ex
ecuted.
Ready to Receive Vol
untary Offerings From
the People.
This Will Be Next Move
of Revolutionists on
the Isthmus.
Marked Man Cornered
by Highbinders, but
Police Interfere.
Efforts to Rescue Miss
Stone May Lead to
Her Death.
Excellent Production of
a Pretty Play at
Stanford. \ ,
Huntington and Hellman
Plan Work at Los
(- Angeles.
Crosses the Pivaau River
Twenty Miles North
of Vryheid,
REBELS TO TAKE
CITY OF PANAMA
GERMAN OPERA
FOR COLLEGIANS
CAPTIVE'S LIFE
NOW IN DANGER
MEMORIAL FUND
TRUSTEES NAMED
law of the place of marriage Is not free to
marry without the consent of parent or guar
dian, unless the parent or guardian of such
minor is present and consenting or shall have
Continued From. Pag« T-wo.
MAGNATES BUSY
IN THE SOUTH
Paragraph 2 of section 3 was then offered
by Deputy Lewis, the leader of the debate.
"The Rev. Dr. Tayler of Los Angeles called
attention to what he thought might prove to
be an ambiguity to many people. To clear
it up he inquired whether the expression, "Such
\u25a0witnesses," referred to the witnesses men
tioned in the first case as well as those men
tioned In the second case. He was* quite sure
that the committee did not so Intend, and he
therefore proposed an amendment making the
second paragraph read:
"No minister shall solemnize a marriage ex
cept In the presence of two witnesses. In case
the parties are unknown to the minister he
shall not solemnize the marriage without the
presence of witnesses to whom the parties
are personally known, unless in the judgment
of the minister It shall be Impracticable to ob
tain such witnesses."
\u25a0h •i"i"i";"i":^"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i";";"i"H":-:"i"!-
PROVISO FOR WITNESSES.
The amendment offered by the Rev. Dr.
Nevins to strike out the last eight words of
the section was then voted upon and was car
ried by 224 ayes to 59 noes.
A motion to adopt paragraph 1 of section 3,
as amended, was then put before the com
mittee and adopted by a vote of ,192 ayes to
136 noes.
A vote was taken on the amendment present
ed by Deputy Evans, which, however, met with
defeat.
"No minister shall solemnize the marriage of
any minor unless the parent or guardian of such
minor is present and consenting, or shall have
given written consent to the marriage, or Is
permanently resident In a foreign country."
. Deputy Old of Southern Virginia did not
think that the Evans amendment would, meet
the difficulty. Ke did not see the need of the
section at all, as he felt sure that the clergy
could not go wrong if they followed the laws
of the State In which they solemnized mar
riages.
The Rev. Dr. Bennett of Newark opposed the
substitution of the word "minor" in the sec
tion. -
Deputy Rowland Evans . of '\u25a0 Pennsylvania
moved as a substitute for the pending amend
ment the following: Strike out the words:
"Person who under, the law of the place of mar
riage is not free to marry without the consent
of parent or guardian." and insert in place of
those words the word "minors," so that the
clause should read as follows:
The hoilse roared with laughter at the verbal
slip. "I hope that this lapsus linguae will
prove prophetic," said he, and the house laugh
ed with him at the deft way In which he had
extricated himself and voted with him to re
consider.
. If the section did not mean that the consent
of the parent or guardian living in a foreign
country was not required, then what did it
mean? This was ' intended to waive the con
sent of the parent or guardian because that
person was in Rome, perhaps-. "The committee
had left it in section 3, and then they, had said
that ministers can disregara me law.
Deputy Stetson of New York hoped that the
last eight words of paragraph 1 of section 3
be stricken out. The paragraph had been in
serted to call the attention of the clergy to a
particular phase of laws relating to the consent
of parents to children's marriage and the canon,
should not allow those laws te be violated.
CAUSES A ROAR OF LAUGHTER.
Rev. Dr. Gatt of Easton said that his object
in rising was simply to make a motion because
there was too much in this section 3 that they
could not afford to lose, and there seemed to
him to be some danger of losing it unless they
went back upon their action in regard to the
motion of Dr. Nevlns of Rome. • • • ;
"I therefore," said he, "as one who voted
against his resolution, move that we reconsider
the resolution as offered by the Bishop of
Rome."
In their own house took up the report of the
sub-committee, and the result of their action
as presented by 'their own committee was sim
ply to indorse what the deputies' committee
had reported, leaving out entirely this question
of prohibited degrees. Since nothing was said
in the message of the House of Bishops about
prohibited degrees; the committee of the house
had omitted any mention of them.-
Deputy Hicks of Arkansas^thought that para
graph 1 of section 3 was not required at all,
for the reason that section 2 provided that the
clergy must observe the laws of the State in
solemnizing marriage^. •
Deputy George F. Henry of Iowa said that
to his • mind it was perfectly plain that they
were saying in-^thls section that the ministers
of the church could violate the law. Section
2 required compliance with the law. The first
clause pf section 3 said that if the parents be
resident of a. foreign country the minister could
disresard the law.
The Rev. Dr. Ely of Southern Ohio moved
that a vote be taken on each section sep
arately.
The motion to strike out section 1 was de
feated by a .vote of 156 noes to 143 'ayes.
The mectlon was then adopted by the com
mittee.
A debate followed on the motion to adopt
section 2 of the canon.
The Rev. Dr. Davenport of Tennessee thought
that the second section was absolutely re
quired. He was of the opinion that ministers
could not be too careful In the solemnization
of marriages.
"I once went out of my State," he said, "to
perform a marriase and was about to do so
when I discovered that I required a special
Tne Rev. Dr. Pittenger of South Carolina
moved to amend the section by substituting:
the words "holy ordinance" In place of "ser
vice." A vote on Dr. Fittenger's amendment
was taken and it was defeated.
The Rev. Dr. Estill of Kentucky moved that
the two sections be stricken out of the pro
posed canon.
Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania, in explana
tion of the house committee's report, said that
if they were going 1 to pass a canon on the sol
emnization of matrimony it was thought wise
In the first section to state what the solemniz
ation of matrimony was, and they had tried to
do it In a way which in their judgment, while
perfectly true and clear, would not be likely
to cause any particular amount of criticism
as tending to give countenance to any par
ticular theory. They also wanted it to be
clearly understood that by their legislation
they were not dealing with the subject of mar
riage. They wished to make it perfectly clear
what it was they were dealing with and the
way in which they were dealing with it. ;
age and residence of" each party. Such record
shall be signed by the minister who solemnizes
the marriage, 'and, if practicable, by the mar
ried parties and at least two witnesses of the
marriage.
"(4) No minister shall solemnize a marriage
between any two persons unless nor until, by
inquiry, he shall have satisfied himself that
neither person is the husband or the wife of
any other person then living or has been the
husband or the wife of any other person -then
living, unless the former marriage was an
nulled by a decree of some civil court of com
petent jurisdiction for cause existing before
such former marriage."
Deputy Lewis \u25a0 of Pennsylvania then . moved
the adoption of section 1 of the proposed canon.
Deputy Bassett of Rhode Island thought that
sections 1 and 2 were unnecessary- They simply
defined what marriage was under the laws of
the church, and that explanation could be
found in the prayer book. . •
DEFINES WHAT IS MABRIAGK
GENERAL BOTHA
ELUDES BRITISH
That sub-commUtee report-was presented on
Monday evening at 5 o'clock to the joint ses
sion of the two committees, that of the Bishops
and the deputies. That being done, the Bishops
The Rev. Dr. Davenport of Tennessee ex
plained for the enlightenment of the Rev. Dr.
Spalding of Alabama as to the omission In
the report of a table of prohibited degrees, say
ing that the sub-committee in their report to
the joint committee left out that question en
tirely, while the report which Dr. Spaldlng
had in his hand and which contained the table
of prohibited degrees was originally reported by
a committee of this house.
The motion of Dr. Edsall to entirely strike
out section S was also defeated when voted on.
The original motion to adopt section 2 of the
cancn was then put to a vote and carried.
Section 3 of the proposed canon was then
brought up, to be considered by paragraphs. !
After the. first paragraph of the section had
been read, and a motion had been made for ita
adoption, the Rev. Dr. Nevins of Rome, repre
senting the Episcopal American churches in
Europe, moved to amend by striking out the
words "or is permanently resident in a foreign
country." He asked. Deputy Lewis why the
final clause had been inserted. ,
Deputy Lewis admitted that he could not
remember, but the Rev. Dr. Saunders of Mas
sachusetts, a member of the committee, stated
that it was put in at the express request of
the Rev. Dr. Richards of Rhode Island.
"He Informed me," said the speaker, "that
In the large manufacturing towns in the East
it was impossible to get the consent of parents
to the marriage of children when the parents
lived in many countries of Europe."
Deputy Stanley of Washington thought that
It would be a hardship where children whose
parents permanently lived abroad should be
compelled to secure the consent of the parents
in order to be married.
The amendment of the Rev.^ Dr. Nevins was
voted ur>on and lost.
The Rev. Dr. Spaldins of Alabama thought
the entire canon was defective in that it did
not state the prohibited degrees of marriage.
He asked for an exalanation from the com
mittee.
TELLS OF PROHIBITED* DEGREES
personal license to ©erf orm the ceremony, be
ing a minister not residing In the State. This
is but an instance, and I hope the section will
prevail. The derjry cannot be too careful in
observing: the civil laws in performing mar
rlase ceremonies."
1 The Rev. Dr. Enos of Albany moved to
amend. the section to read, "In the solemn
ization of matrimony the ministers of thin
church shall conform to the laws of the State
where the service shall ba performed."
The amendment of Dr. Bnos was voted upon
and defeated.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF A MERCHANT
Deputy Lewis accepted the amendment of
Dr. Tayler and asked for a vote.
Deputy John T. Hicks of Arkansas proposed
the following amendment:
"No minister shall solemnize. & marriage In
case the parties are unknown to th» minister
without the presence of at least two persons
to whom the parties are personally known."
Deputy Lewis explained that the paragraph
was Intended to do away with private mar
riages and t<9 prevent fraudulent ones.
The Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York th«a
secured tha floor and said: ".V :
"I agree in Inferring that under toma cir
cumstances the canon would allow the solemn
ization of marriage without -witnesses, accord
ing to this amendment. "We have been told
that there are States where no witnesses are
required. There is no State where the law as It
stands at present does sot require witnesses.
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered together
here in the presence of this company. Two
witnesses are necessary to make company. Wo
must bear in mind that there are four parties
to the ordinance of holy matrimony as this
church has received the same, the man. the
woman, the minister and the representative of
society."
The amendment proposed by Deputy Hicks
of Arkansas was voted upon and defeated.
A vote on the amendment of Rev. Dr. Tay
l<ir. accepted by the committee, was then
taken and resulted in the affirmative.
The paragraph as amended was then adopted.
As the hour of adjournment had arrived a
motion to rise and report to the house waa
carried.
The Rev. Dr. Lindsay, chairman of tl»e House
of Deputies, then took the chair, and Deputy
Packard reported to him that the committee of
the whole had taken action on certain sec
tions of the message from the House ot Bish
ops on marriage and divorce. He asked that
the committee of the whole be granted permis
sion to sit again.
The house granted the necessary permis
sion and an adjournment waa then taken until
10 this morning.
-HJrH*M<-*>H>W I'l 'I I I- 1' I H- O
"Ten Tears of Brotherhood Life" was
the subject of the address by John W.
Wood, corresponding secretary of the Do
mestic and Foreign Missionary Society.
He traced the history and accomplish
ment of the order since the convention
at St. Louis in 1892. He said that al
though the .historical enthusiasm ot ten
years ago had subsided the society was
now better able to accomplish Its pur
pose.' \u25a0 - • - - .
Ho stated that during the past ten years
of its life the Brotherhood of St. Andrew
had been confronted by many trying; con
ditions. He pointed with pride to the es
tablishment of a junior department, which
he stated has now a membership of over
4000. He declared that the order has con
stantly, expanded, that it has invaded
Canada, crossed the Atlantic to Scotland
and England and that chapters have been
formed in South Africa, along; the Yukon
and in far off Australia.
In conclusion Secretary Wood stated
that he thought that the brotherhood
could look forward with considerable con
fidence and y hope, but that the hope and
confidence ought to be supported by a
good deal of determination.
not to be ashamed of their personal ef
forts, as it is by personal effort and cot
through the working of the machinery ot
the brotherhood, he declared, that souls
are won for Christ.
W. F. Nichols, Bishop of Cali
fornia, rose to deliver the charge in the
opening ceremony a hundred delegates
were present, almost every State In the
Union being represented.
Frederick Rice Rowell of Seattle, 'Wash.,
delivered a welcoming address, in. which
he stated that the members of the Broth
erhood of St. Andrew on the Pacific Coast
were heartily glad to entertain the dele
gates to the convention. He stated that
he earnestly hoped that the work of the
convention might be crowned with suc
cess and that it might be a means of ad
vancing the brotherhood in the service of
God. -
For the first session of the convention
an interesting programme of addresses by
distinguished speakers had been arranged.
At the conclusion of Mr. Rowell's remarks
John H. Stlness, Justice of the Supreme
Court of Rhode Island, spoke on. the effi
cacy of personal endeavor in the accom
plishment of the aims and ideals, of the
brotherhood. ' He exhorted the brothers
THE second Pacific Coast conven
tion of the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew convened in its initial
s session last night at the Ca
thedral Mission of the \u25a0 Good
. Samaritan. When Right Rev.
MARRIAGE DISCUSSED AT LEN6TH
The Bishop of Tokio told of Japan as
he knew it after twenty years' residence.
He had found it a land of contrasts, a
fertile field for the student of sociology.
In a Japanese library, he said, one might
find a translation of "Little Lord Fauntle
roy" 6ide by side with a Japanese classic
of ponderous depth, and both of them
well thumbed.
So far as civilization was concerned the
prelate paid a high tribute to the Japan
ese. He found them more adaptable than
their Chinese neighbors and thought the
future held a brighter promise for them.
He compared their moral and religious
development with their business instinct.
"Of their morality, the less said the bet
ter." There were laws in Japan, he said,
\u25a0which forbade parents selling their daugh
ters into lives of ehame; but not only are
these laws not enforced, he said, but the
authorities conspire with the parents and
the purchasers of their daughters for the
purpose of maintaining these contracts.
The adoption of the Christian religion",
he continued, was Japan's only hope of
ealvation. She has religions in plenty,
but that of the Christ Is the only one
\u25a0which carries with its spread the found
ing of hospitals, schools and asylums for
the seed and indigent.
But for the criminal mistakes of Roman
Catholic missionaries two hundred years
ago Japan would now be a Christian coun
try, he sal* 1 He told how the acts of
these missionaries had aroused the coun
try and resulted in their expulsion from
the land and the martyrdom, of many of
their followers. Among the descendants
of these martyrs, he said, were to be
found the Christians of to-day.
He paid a tribute to the powerful influ
ence of the Ja.Danes» press, and said that
many of the "most influential papers in
that land were now exerting their influ
ence in behalf of the Christian religion.
SERIOTTS DUTY TO JAPAN.
The opportunities of the Episcopal
board and told something of
tlie •work accomplished and the obstacles
to be overcome. The report of the com
mittee intrusted with the amendment of
c&i:on No. 7 was read, but will not be
considered until this evening. This
amendment deals with the concentration
of the work at present done by the board
of missions and the turnine of it over to
an executive committee.
THE session of the board of mis
sions held last evening in Trin
ity Church was devoted prin
cipally to the missions in China
and Japan. Representatives of
both these fields addressed the
given written consent to the marriage or Is
permanently resident in a foreign country.
"(2) No minister shall solemnize a, marriage
except In the presence of at least two wit
nesses, nor. in case the parties are unknown
to the minister, without the presence of wit
nesses to whom the parties are personally
known, unless In the Judgment of the minister
it shall be Impracticable to obtain such wlt
"(3) Every minister shall without delay for
mally record In the proper register the name.
In the matter of civilization, the- mis
sionary Bishop Bald, Japan has little to
learn, from anybody. Her army, her navy,
her schools, her systems of education, her
universities will stand comparison with
similar institutions of any other country.
Christianity, he concluded, was the one
thing needed to place Japan in her proper
place on the world's stage.
The board of missions will hold another
session this evening.
church In Japan are great, and if oppor
tunities are responsibilities we are face to
face with a serious duty toward the little
brown man, he continued.
The Bishop of Shanghai said that he
felt in speaking in San Francisco about
China he was doing so with a weight
about his neck.
"You know the Chinese quarter here,
he said, "and the question will naturally
arise in your mind as to whether it is
with matter so low in the human plane
that the missionary in China has to deal.
I accept the handicap."
He then said that the missionaries
were taking Chinese such as are located
in San Francisco's Chinese quarter and
turning them Into civilized Christians.
The missionaries, he said, had come mt
of the recent persecutions in China more
than ever determined to go on with their
work in that land. Christianity, he held,
was the only hope for a people so situated
that in all their broad land there was not
a single force to attract the best that
was in them, not a single hope around
which they could rally.
While nothing, he believed, could pre
vent the ultimate division of the Chinese
empire, Christian education would do
much to stem the tide of disorganization.
The Bishop of Kyoto, "young man elo
quent," as a delegate spoke of him after
his address, spoke of Japan in interesting
vein. Japan, he said, was a living illus
tration of the fact that civilization did
not necessarily mean Christianity. Con
tinuing, he said:
Take the locomotives. We are told that the
Introduction of the locomotive into Japan would
mean death to the temple. As a matter of fact
It has been the finest promoter of prosperity
the temple and the doctrines that go with it
ever had. Instead of the visit to the temple
city being the occasion of a life-time, special
excursions at reduced rates place the opportu
nity within, the frequent grrasp of all.
We were told that with a knowledge of the
marvels of electricity heathen superstition
would die a natural death. Instead of that I
have Btood in heathen temples among: crowds
of the most abject ldolators, have seen them
bowing- down before an Idol, the gigantic eyes
of which were lighted with the most modern
high-power arc lights.
JAPAN NEEDS CHRIST.
Bishops From China and Japan Tell
of the Progress* in the Two *
Countries.
Distinguished Men of the "Chureh Ad
dress the Members of the
Organization.
TTZHILE the local Episcopalians have left nothing undone zvhich would tend to the comfort
f/ [/ and well being of the visiting churchmen, it has been the pleasant privilege of The Call to
keep the visitors in close and constant touch with their widely scattered homes: '
Local church authorities have equipped headquarters, at 1703 Bush street, where the visit
ing Bishops and Deputies can en joy in comfort such leisure as the intervals of their work affords.
In the same building ike Brotherhood of St. Andrew has provided a "rest room" for delegates.
The Call has undertaken to maintain at these headquarters during the convention a daily
service of newspapers from all over the United States; This service has already been inaugurated,
and now nearly every visiting churchman, either before or after convention hours, drops in at
1703 Bush street to read the home. news in the home paper. •
The Bishops' quarters dozun stairs and the "rest room" upstairs are equally well provided in
the newspaper line. These papers are received by The Call as quickly after publication as the
raihvay mail service can carry them. Each day, immediately upon their receipt, The Call sends
them by special messenger to the convention t headquarters, where they are at the disposal • of the
visitors. f -.
These papers supplied daily by The Call are from every State in the Union, and' from every
town that boasts a daily nezvspaper. In fact, at convention headquarters, during the convention J
will be found nearly every newspaper publishedHn the United States.
CALL EXTENDS COURTESY.
ST. ANDREW BROTHERHOOD
OPENS ITS CONVENTION
BOARD OF MISSIONS HEARS
OF CONDITIONS IN FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
3
BISHOPS TELL OF MISSIONARY WORK IN THE ORIENT
TO HONOR SISTER SUPERIOR.— An enter
tainment in honor of Sister Superior Julia
Theresa will be given at Notre Dame College
Hall Monday, October 11, at 2 p. m. Former
pupils and graduates are invited to attend tha
entertainment.
BERLIN, Oct. 10.— Thus far reports
have been "received of the loss of some
forty vessels In the North Sea during the
recent . storms. Many lives have been
lost. "'.. '
Many Lives and Vessels Lost.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
\u25a0'Cereal
the most wholesome and
nutritious substitute for cof-
fee and tea.
Made from the choicest
California figs, prunes and
selected grains.
A delicious, strengthening
beverage— holds its delicate
flavor to the bottom of the
cup.
Physicians recommend
Figprune.
| All grocers sell it
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE . . . „ "
x BLOOD,nVER.LUlWGS.HTTMBOIaDT STANDARD.
REDDING FREE PRESS.
BANTA ANA EVENING BLADE. '
V1SALIA DELTA.
MARTSVILLE APPEAL. • -
WOODLAND MAIL.
ALAMEDA ARGU&
BAUSALTTO ADVOCATE^
STOCKTON INDEPENDENT.
SACRAMENTO RECORI^UNION.
SACRAMENTO BEE. ' ,-,*-,
VISAUA. TIMER "
COLUSA SUN. 3
SACRAMENTO SUTTOAX NEWS.
8AN JOSD MERCURY.
8AN BERNARDINO TIMES-INDEX.
REEDLEY EXPONENT.
BENICIA NEW ERA.
ELMHURST REVIEW.
NIL.ES HERALD. >
BED BLUFF PEOPLE'S CAUSE.
LOS ANGELES TIMES.
OAKDALE GRAPHIC.
BERKELEY GAZETTE.
VENTURA FREE PRESS j
AMADOR LEDGER. f
UKIAH REPUBLICAN PRESS.
ARCATA UNION.
BAN JOSE HERALD.
NORDHOFF OJAL
SANTA CRUZ SENTINEL.
THB PACIFIC.
AMADOR DISPATCH
SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE.
VTSALIA DELTA.
FEESNO REPUBLICAN.
SANTA BARBARA PRESS.
SANTA CRUZ SURF.
WINDSOR HERALD.
STOCKTON RECORD.
MONTEREY NEW ERA.
SAN DIEGO UNION.
RIVERSIDE PRESS.
SAN JOSE NEWS.
PACIFIC OIL REPORTER.
FRESNO MIRROR.
ANGELS RECORD.
WILLIAMS FARMER.
LOS ANGELES EXPRESS.
TULARE REGISTER.
RED BLUFF SENTINEL.
OROVILLE REGISTER.
HUMBOLDT TIMES.
SANTA CLARA. JOURNAI*.
DIXON TRIBUNE.
TREKA JOURNAL.
POMONA PROGRESS.
FOLSOM TELEGRAPH.
PLACER LEADER.
CALAVERAS PROSPECT.
HAYWARDS REVIEW.
PETALUMA ARGUS.
SOLANO COURIER.
NAPA REGISTER.
REDDING SEARCHLIGHT
REDLANDS FACTS.
PINOLE TIMES.
MERCED STAR,
MARIN JOURNAL..
COLUSA GAZETTE.
, MOTHER LODE BANNER.
CALIFORNIA PRESS.
CARL E. LINDSAY, Grand Chancellor
Knights of Pythias.
DAVID STARR JORDAN. President of
Stanford University.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, President
of University of California,
G. W. McNEAR.
GAVIX McNAB.
HENRY E. HIGHTON.
REV. J. T. LACEY, Christ Church, Oak
land.
REV. WTT.T.TAM RADER, Third Congre
gational Church, San Francisco.
REV. JOHN R. HALSEY, First Baptist
Church, Berkeley.
COLONEL JOHN P. IRISH.
REV. EL A. WOODS, First Baptist
Church, San Francisco.
REV. F. K. BAKER, First M. B. Church,
San Francisco. \u25a0 « \u25a0
REV. A. T. NEEDHAM. M. E. Church,
San Jose.
PROFESSOR J. W. LINSCOTT, Santa
Cruz.
REV. DR. L, H. FRARY, Pilgrim Congre
gational Church, Pomona.
MRS. L. B. CHAPIN. Ebell Club. Los
Angeles.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN.
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES.
PROMINENT PACIFIC COAST PEOPLE.
VENTURA FREE LIBRARY.
EUREKA FREE LIBRARY.
SAN JOSE GRANGE-.
WESTMINSTER HOTEL, LOS AN
GELES.
HOLLENBBCK HOTEL, LOS AN
GELES.
VAN NDYS HOTEL, LOS ANGELES.
OAKLAND CAMP, ARMY AND NAVY
LEAGUE.
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL
ASSOCIATION.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY COUNCIL.
LIBRARIES, HOTELS, ETC.
BURLINGAME CLUB.
SAN FRANCISCO VEREIN.
ST. CLAIRE CLUB, SAN JOSE.
UNION CLUB OF BERKELEY.
JONATHAN CLUB OF LOS ANGELES.
HUMBOLDT CLUB OF EUREKA.
!. 'NILE CLUB OF OAKLAND.
MARICOPA CLUB OF PHOENIX.
PACIFIC UNION CLUB.
MERCHANTS' CLUB.
BAN FRANCISCO CLUB.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB.
UNIVERSITY CLUB.
BOHEMIAN CLUB.
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS.
CONCORDIA CLUB.
COSMOS CLUB.
SOCIAL AND BUSINESS MEN'S CLUBS.
BAN FRANCISCO PRODUCE EX
CHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO MERCHANTS' EX
CHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO BOARD OF TRADE.
MANUFACTURERS' AND PRODU
CERS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFOR
NIA.
SHIP OWNERS' ASSOCIATION.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
A Joint meeting of representatives of all
the commercial organizations of San
Francisco condemned the Hearst publica
tions.
INSURANCE CLERKS' ASSOCIATION.
RETAIL CLERKS' ASSOCIATION OF
SAN JOSE.
OAKLAND BOARD OF TRADE.
CALIFORNIA COMMERCIAL BODIES.
Commercial, Political, Social, Religious and
Financial Institutions Place the Stieet
Beyond the Pale of Recognition.
INDUSTRY COUNCIL No. BO. O. U. A.
M., Jersey City. N. J. . .
NINTH NEW JERSEY CIVIL WAR
VETERANS' '
CONNECTICUT SOLDIERS' AND SAIL
ORS' HOME.
COUNCIL No. 214, O. U. A. M.; Arling
ton, N. J. •
AMERICAN COUNCIL No. 67, O. U. A.
M., Brooklyn.
MARTHA WASHINGTON COUNCIL No.
11. O. U. A. M., New York City. I
WESTERN CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE,
official organ Methodist Episcopal
church.
REPUBLICANS OF FIRST ELECTION
DISTRICT, Hempstead, L. I.
REPUBLICANS TWENTY-FIRST AS
SEMBLY DISTRICT, Manhattan.
ANAWANDA CAMP No. 24, Woodmen of
the World, Brooklyn.
CLIOSOPHICAL SOCIETY, Princeton.
COMMANDERS' AND QUARTERMAS
TERS' ASSOCIATION, New York City
KINGS COUNTY LODGE, Good Tem
plars, Brooklyn. »
OCEAN HILL LODGE No. 155, Common
wealth Provident Association, New
York. • - •»--•
GENERAL LAWTON COUNCIL, Junior
OTHER EASTERN ORGANIZATIONS.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA
TION, TWENTY - THIRD - STREET
BRANCH, New York City.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA
TION, BOWERY BRANCH, New York
City.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA
TION, HARLEM BRANCH. New York
City. ,
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA-.
TION, GREENPOINT BRANCH, New
York City.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA
TION, EASTERN BRANCH, New York
City.
MORRISTOWN (N. J.) TOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
WATERTOWN (N. Y.) YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
BINGHAMTON (N. Y.) YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
POUGHKEEPSIE (N. Y.) YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
GLENS FALLS (N. Y.) YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
ROCHESTER (N. Y.) YOUNG MEN'S
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. '
NYACK (N. Y.) YOUNG MEN'S CHRIS
TIAN ASSOCIATION.
SARATOGA SPRINGS (N. Y.) YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION -
MIDDLETOWN (Conn.) YOUNG MEN'S.
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
NEIGHBORHOOD CHURCH, Stratford,
Conn.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE, New York
City. • - .
YOUNG MEN'S HEBREW ASSOCIA
TION, New York City.
YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSO
CIATION, New York City.
FIRST , DISTRICT YOUNG PEOPLE'S
SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN EN
DEAVOR, New York City.
CATHOLIC BENEVOLENT LEGION,
Clyde, N. Y.
ST. LUKE'S BATTALION (163 boys).
New York City.
NEW YORK GERMAN CATHOLIC
STATE LEAGUE, executive commit
tee.
NEW YORK CITY MISSION AND
TRACT SOCIETY.
EASTERN RELIGIOUS ASSOCIATIONS.
HIGHLAND ATHLETIC CLUB, Brook
lyn.
HAMILTON CLUB, Brooklyn.
ALBANY CLUB, Albany, N. Y.
TUXEDO CLUB, Tuxedo, N. Y.
NEW YORK YACHT CLUB.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB. New York City.
CALUMET CLUB, New York City.
PLAYERS' CLUB, New York City.
UNION CLUB, New York City.
KNICKERBOCKER CLUB, New York
City.
CENTURY CLUB, New York City.
HARVARD CLUB, New York City. •
NEW YORK CLUB, New York City.
GROLIER CLUB, New York City.
RACQUET AND TENNIS CLUB, New
York City.
ALPHA DELTA PHI CLUB, New York
City.
CLERGY CLUB, New York City.
MERCHANTS' CLUB, New York City.
ST. JAMES' CLUB, Fordham.
MONTAUK CLUB, Brooklyn.
FULTON CLUB, Brooklyn.
DICTIONARY CLUB, Brooklyn.
FLATBUSH CLUB, Brooklyn.
FLATBUSH Y. M. REPUBLICAN CLUB,
Brooklyn.
COLONIAL CLUB, Princeton.
COTTAGE CLUB, Princeton.
LINDEN CLUB, Cambridge. Mass.
CITY CLUB, Corning, N. Y.
APOLLO CLUB, Clyde, N. Y. •_ \u25a0
FORT SCHUYLER CLUB, Utlca, N. Y
CURRENT EVENTS CLUB, Syracuse.
JERSEY CITY NEWS.
CORNING (N. Y.> JOURNAL.
BOSTON COMMERCIAL BULLETIN.
WILKESBARRE LEADER.
ARMY AND NAVY JOURNAL.
PHOENIX REPUBLICAN.
BALTIMORE WORLD.
HUDSON (N. Y.) REPUBLICAN.
TROY PRESS.
SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER.
GLOVERSVILLE (N. Y.) LEADER-IN
TELLIGENCER.
CONCORD (N. H.) INDEPENDENT
STATESMAN.
NEWBURG (N. Y.) DAILY NEWS.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT.
MILWAUKEE SENTINEL.
DETROIT TRIBUNE.
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL.
MINNEAPOLIS JOURNA.L.
TROY RECORD, J
TROY TIMES.
PASSAIC DAILY NEWS.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL -ADVER
TISER.
SCHENECTADY UNION.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT,
"raggg^ AND
NEW BRUNSWICK PRESS.
TRENTON TIMES.
JERSEY CITY, NEWS.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN.
ROCHESTER POST-EXPRESS.
PROVIDENCE TELEGRAM.
SYRACUSE JOURNAL.
PORTLAND (ME.) DAILY NEWS.
RICHMOND COUNTY ADVANCE.
WORCESTER SPY.
BUFFALO COMMERCIAL.
DAYTON (OHIO) DAILY JOURNAL.
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL.
MEMPHIS COMMERCIAL APPEAL.
WESTERN CHRISTIAN ADVOCATE
JEWISH MESSENGER.
NEW HAVEN REGISTER.
BROOKLYN TIMES. \u25a0':'' < '< -,"
PHILADELPHIA ITEM.
MONTREAL DAILY STAR.
UTICA DAILY PRESS.
THE MUSIC TRADES (NEW YORK)
CLEVELAND LEADER.
RUTLAND NEWS. • - >J < .•
BROOKLYN EAGLE. : .
NEWARK EVENING NEWS. '. .
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER.
SPRINGFIELD (MASS.) UNION. '
CHICAGO EVENING JOURNAL.
NEW YORK JOURNAL OF COM
MERCE. • .
ELIZABETH DAILY JOURNAL.
FITCHBURG (MASS.) SENTINEL.
DETROIT FREE PRESS.
ITHACA JOURNAL.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
PHILADELPHIA PRESS.
MILWAUKEE EVENING WISCONSIN.
ALBANY EVENING JOURNAL.
RICHMOND DISPATCH.
WILMINGTON MORNING NEWS.
MARQUETTE (MICH.) MINING JOUR
NAL.
THE NEW YORKER.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRIBUNE.
NEW YORK SUN.
WASHINGTON TIMES.
BURLINGTON HAWKEYE.
NEW ORLEANS TIMES-DEMOCRAT
BALTIMORE HERALD.
LOUISVILLE COMMERCIAL.
WHEELING (W. VA.) INTELLI
GENCER. *
NEW HAVEN LEADER.
BRIDGEPORT STANDARD.
TOPEKA DAILY CAPITAL.
WARWICK (N. Y.) ADVERTISER.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE.
CHATHAM (N. Y.) REPUBLICAN
FARGO (N. D.) MORNING CALL AND
DAILY ARGUS.
KANSAS CITY JOURNAL.
AUGUSTA (ME.) DAILY KENNEBEO
JOURNAL.'
ELMIRA (N. Y.) DAILY ADVERTISER
WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS.
PATERSON GUARDIAN.
PATERSON CALL.
NEW YORK PRESS.
COLORADO SPRINGS MAIL.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN.
TACOMA LEDGER.
EPWORTH HERALD.
PORTLAND OREGONIAN.
PERTH AMBOY REPUBLICAN
PROMINENT PAPERS OTHER THAN
CALIFORNIAR
THE REV. J. O. KELVEY, Plainfleld.
N. J. .
F. H. NORTON, secretary Maritime Ex
change. New York City.
THE REV. T. F. ALEXANDER, St. An
drew's Methodist Episcopal Church,
Newark, N. J.
THE REV. W. C. BITTING. Mount Mor
ris Baptist Church, New York City.
THE REV. DR. HOWARD DUFFIELD,
Old First Presbyterian Church, New
York City.
THE REV. DR. C. B. CHAPIN, Wash
ington Heights Baptist Church, New
York City.
THE REV. DAVID GREGG. Lafayette
avenue Memorial Church, Brooklyn.
THE REV. W. P. EVANS. Church of tha
Resurrection, Long Island City.
THE REV. DR. GIFFORD, Delaware
avenue Baptist Church, Buffalo.
THE REV. J. J. McORATH, St. John's
Catholic Church, Fishkill Landing, N.Y.
THE REV. SAMUEL C. DEAN, North
Baptist Church, Newark, N. J.
DR. ROSWELL PARK, one of President
McKInley's physicians.
CHARLES AUSTIN BATES, advertising
expert, New York City.
THE REV. W. H. MORGAN, Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, Newark.
N. J.
EDWARD S. ATWOOD, former president
Maritime Association, New York.
THE REV. A. EDWIN KIEGWIK, Park
Presbyterian Church, Newark, N. J.
THE REV. JOHN H. WILLEY, Nos
trand-avenue Methodist Episcopal
Church, Brooklyn.
DARWIN R. JAMES, leading financier.
Brooklyn.
THE REV. DR. DAVID R. FRAZER,
First Presbyterian Church, Newark
N. J.
THE REV. DR. T. B. McLEOD. Clinton
avenue Congregational Church, Brook
lyn. - _
BENJAMIN J. HALL, pioneer marina
j merchant. New York City.
THE REV. DR. GEORGE P. ECKMAN,
St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church,
New -York City.
THE REV. GEORGE W. GRINTON.
Forty-fourth-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, New York City.
HERBERT JEROME DAVIS, president
Colonial Club, New York City.
ELBERT H. JONES, leading ship broker.
New York City.
THE REV. DAVID H. GREER. St. Bar
tholomew's Protestant Episcopal Church,
New York.
COLONEL GEORGE A. PRICE, Brook
lyn, prominent merchant.
THE REV. GEORGE S. HALL. Wyck
l.iffe Presbyterian Church. Newark. N J
THE REV. E. D. HAINER, Newark,
N. J.
EDGAR F. LUCKENBACH. prominent
shipping merchant. New York City.
FRANK MAGUIRE, leading . member
New York Produce Exchange, New
York City.
BISHOP TALBOT, P. E.. Central Pena-'
sylvania.
THE RIGHT REV. H. C. POTTER, Bish
of of New York. \u25a0
JOHN HAY, Secretary of State of the
United States.
CARDINAL GIBBONS, the head of the
• Catholic church In America.
PRESIDENT CHARLES W. ELIOT of
Harvard University.
JUSTICE EDGAR M. CULLEN of the
State Supreme Court, Brooklyn.
THE RIGHT REV. WILLIAM CROS
WELL DOANE, Bishop of Albany.
FORMER SENATOR EDWARD O.
WOLCOTT of Colorado.
THE REV. DR. MORGAN DIX of Trin
ity Church, New York City.
THE REV. FATHER A. P. DOYLE, St.
Paul's (Pauli3t) Church, New York City.
FORMER MAYOR ABRAM S. HEWITT,
New York City.
CHANCELLOR JOHN R. DAY of Syra
cuse University.
THE REV. DR. JACOB COOPER, Rut
gers College.
BISHOP McPAUL, Catholic . diocesa of
Trenton, N. J.
GENERAL FRANK REEDER, chairman
Pennsylvania Republican Committee.
THE REV. DR. NEWELL DWIGHT
HILLIS, Plymouth Church, Brooklyn.
H. C. McLAUGHLIN, principal of State
Normal School, Jamaica, Long Island.
DR. ALLAN McLANE HAMILTON, the
famous alienist, New York City.
THE REV. DR. - STAFFORD, St. Pat
rick's (Paullst) Church, Washington.
JUSTICE WILLIAM E. WERNER, Su
preme Court of the State of New York.
THE REV. DR. ROBERT S. MacAR
THUR, Calvary Baptist Church, New
York City.
GOVERNOR WILLIAM A. STONE of
Pennsylvania.
THE REV. DR. CORTLAND MYERS,
Baptist Temple, Brooklyn.
PRESIDENT ARTHUR T. HADLEY of
Yale University.
THE REV. DR. MINOT J. SAVAGE,
Church, of the Messiah, New York City.
MAJOR GENERAL J. R. BROOKE, U.
S. A., commanding Department of the
East.
THE REV. DR. HOWARD A. JOHN
STON, Madicon-avenuo Presbyterian
Church, New York City.
DE LANCEY N1COLL, formerly District
Attorney of New York County.
THE REV. H. P. C. RHOADES, Marcy
avenue Baptist Church, Brooklyn.
ABRAHAM GRUBER; one of the leaders
of the New York bar.
THE REV. DR. ELI QUICK, Perry-street
Methodist Episcopal Church, New York
City.
GENERAL SAMUEL WELCH, Buffalo,
National Guard State of New York.
LOUIS MARSHALL, on© of the leaders
of the New York bar.
THE REV. FRED SAUNDERS, South
Second-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, Brooklyn.
J. EDWARD -SIMMONS, financier, New
York City.
THE REV. G. F. WHITTEMORE, First
Baptist Church. Schenectady, N. Y.
SILAS B. DUTCHER, Brooklyn financier.
PROMINENT INDIVIDUALS OF THE EAST
Order United American Mechanics,
Brooklyn.
BROOKLYN COUNCIL No. 21, Junior
Order United American Mechanics.
TREMONT COUNCIL No. US, Junior Or
der United American Mechanics.
ONEIDA COUNTY (N. Y.) REPUBLI
CAN CONVENTION.
GENERAL SOCIETY OF MECHANICS
AND TRADESMEN. New York City.
ANTI-ANARCHIST AND ANTI-JOUR
NAL LEAGUE, New York City (400
members).
U. S. GRANT POST. G. A. R.. Brooklyn.
ASSOCIATION OF CIVIL WAR VETER
ANS, New York City.
AMERICAN WHIG SOCIETY, Princeton.
National Indignation Finds Sweeping Expres
sion in Rebuke From All Reputable
Glasses of Men and Women*
FIERCE STORM OF CONDEMNATION AROUND
THE ASSASSIN NEWSPAPER, THE EXAMINER
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
THE Examiner says: "The man who attacks this newspaper attacks a great many millions of good citizens. The great majority of the attacks, as our readers know, are
based on envy and on the hatred of those who have been thwarted in their schemes of plunder. The cells of prisons are filled with men who loathe this newspaper.
Thousands of men not yet in prison detest the Examiner because it prevents them from carrying out plans as criminal as any that have sent men to jail."
There we have the opinion and Judgment of the Examiner upon the men and {he organizations that have condemned and thrown it out, together with its allies in Chi
cago and New York. They attack and condemn it because it has "thwarted them in their schemes of plunder," and "because it prevents them from carrying out plans as criminal
as any that have sent men to jail." . •• .
This is of the same class of utterances as confirmed criminals indulge in against the Judge, Prosecuting Attorney and Jury that have enforced the law and convicted them of
crime. \u25a0 *. -• •
That the public may see what kind of men and organizations are described by the Examiner as "thwarted plunderers" and "criminals" as great as any that have been sent
to Jail, we submit the following list of those who have attacked, condemned and thrown it out.
That discredited sheet can make its columns nearly as lively as by its cartoons of President McKinley if it will give its readers a history of "the schemes of plunder" and
"plans as criminal as any that have sent men to jail," of which the following condemners of Hearst's papers have been guilty.
Here are some of the men, institutions and newspapers who are characterized as opposing ths Examiner because they are "criminals."
AMERICAN JUSTICE HAS TOO LONG BEEN BLIND.
AEMY AND NAVY CLUB, New York
City.
REPUBLICAN CLUB ANNEX, New
York City.'
EAST 6IDE REPUBLICAN CLUB. New
York City.
Y. M. REPUBLICAN CLUB, New Bruns
wick, N. J.
HARLEM REPUBLICAN CLUB, New
York City.
DE WITT CLINTON CLUB, New York
City.
NEW YORK ATHLETIC CLUB.-
HANOVER CLUB, Brooklyn.
RKPUBLICAN CLUB. New York City.
COLONIAL CLUB, New York City.
EASTERN SOCIAL, POLITICAL AND
OTHER CLUBS.
HARVARD UNIVERSITY. .
YALE UNIVERSITY.
RUTGERS COLLEGE, New Brunswick.
N. J.
STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Jamaica,
L. I.
SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY, Syracuse,
N. Y.
COOPER UNION. New York.
BROOKLYN PUBLIC LIBRARY.
BROOME-STREET FREE LIBRARY.
GENERAL READING-ROOM, Yale.
DWIGHT HALL. Yale.
THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY. Princeton.
REYNOLDS MEMORIAL CHAPEL. Ber
gen Point, N. J.
G fK"EL L Y LIBRARY, Wapplngers
REYNOLDS LIBRARY, Rochester, N. Y
PUBLIC LIBRARY, Dayton, Ohio.
PUBLIC LIBRARY, Bridgeport, Conn.
UNION LIBRARY. Trenton, N. J.
, PUBLIC LIBRARY, Plainfleld. N. J.
CITY LIBRARY, Springfield. Mass.
PUBLIC LIBRARY, South Norwalk,
Conn.
PUBLIC LIBRARY. Hartford. Conn.
PUBLIC LIBRARY, New Haven. Conn
HOWLAND LIBRARY, Matteawan,
1 N. Y. v
FREE LIBRARY. Nyack, .N; Y.
EASTERN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS
; AND LIBRARIES.
CHAMBER OP COMMERCE, New York
City. ::.% »
HOTEL MEN'S ASSOCIATION, New-
York City. •
MERCHANTS' .ASSOCIATION, New
York City. •
BOARD OF FIRE UNDERWRITERS,
New York City.
MARITIME EXCHANGE. New York
City.
MANUFACTURERS' ASSOCIATION OF
NEW YORK CITY, Brooklyn.
COFFEE EXCHANGE . AND LOWER
WALL STREET BUSINESS MEN'S
ASSOCIATION, New York City. "
EASTERN COMMERCIAL BODIES.
4MELROSE COURSING PARK
List o? Cogs Drawn for Sunday's Rac
ing, October 13.
Draw for Melrose Coursing- Park, Sunday,
October 13; 64 entries— Toronto .vs. Jewess;
Melrose Boy vs. Mrs. Fiske; Master Whalen
vs. Funston; Rusty H vs. Mount Ida; Ho<^ vs.
Golden Russet; Master Davenport vs. Naughty
Girl; Lady Mine vs. King's Borderer; Mosquito
vs. Rosewood; Racine vs. Martha Washington;
Alden Girl vs. Lady Newark; Forget vs. Sara;
Bonus vs. Concord; Welcome vs. Honesty; Lit
tle Joker vs. Real Aristocrat; Flying Belle vsj
Little Maid; Lassie Frantz vs. Lily Wright:
Little Lucy vs. Lone Mountain; 'Pasha Bella
vs. Dorothy M; Avondale vs. Rona; Daisy Law
•rence vs. Nora Lawrence; Shy lock Boy vs.
Coronado; Controller vs. Precita Maid; Terron
ette vs. Might Be Keen; Commander vs. Silent
Treasure; Gramercy vs. Warco; Betty Martin
vs. Benicia Boy; Germany vs. Little Dorrlt;
Ladylike vs. Rlenzi; Wapsee vs. Cook's Water;
Motto vs. Veto; Courage vs. Cash; Sprite vs.
Scottish Chief.
The cripples and the Dutch, began this
week's series yesterday at Recreation
grounds and as usual the cripples run
second. In reality Bwings "Old "World",
aggregation should have taken the spoils,
but their six errors, especially when made
at critical periods, were enough to beat
almost any team. "Whalen and Schmidt
did the pitching and both were found fre-i
quently. Whalen allowed the IHides
eleven safe ones, \u25a0while the Wasps se
cured nine from Schmidt. The heat
6eemed too much for the players, as they
lacked life and spirit. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, o. t 5 2 10 0 0 0
Wilson, c 5 1 1 0 7 \0 0
Hildebrand. 1. t 3 2 2 0 1 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 3 1 2 3 2 0 0
Pabst, lb i 0 0 0 10 0 1
Krugr, 2b 4 11 0 2 5 0
Shay, ss 4 0 1 .1 2 1 1
Rellly. 3b... 3 0 10 3 10
"Whalen, p. .4 1 0 0 0 3 "0
Totals ....33 8 9 4 27 10 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b.. ...v4 1 0 0 5.4 0
Lohman, lb 4 3.3 1-13-0-2
Strtob, r. 1 4 0 2 1 0 0 0
Eagan, ss 4 \u25a0 0 ' 1~N 0 1 13
Mo&klman, J. t 4 0 2 0 6 0 0
Babbitt, 3b 4. 0 0 0 0 3 0
Croll,.c. f.. '...5 1 2 0 1 0 0
Haneon. c 4 0 0 0 11 0
Schmidt, p. 4 110 0 3 1
Totals :..37 -6.11' 2 27 12 ' ~8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 0 4 2 0 1—8
Base hits 2 0 100410 1—9
Oakland 1 0 0 0 10 13 0 — 6
Base hits 1 0 0 0-2134 0—11
SUMMARY. ' -
Runs responsible for— Whalen 5, Schmidt 5.
Home run— Nordyke. Three-base hit— Wilson.
Two-base hlts^ — Hildebrand, Lohman. - Sacrifice
hits— Lohman, Schwartz., First base on errors
—San Francisco 3. Oakland 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 4, Oakland 4. Left
on bases— San Francisco 7. Oakland 10. Struck
out— By Whalen 6, by, Schmfdt L? Hit by
pitchei- — Strieb, Hildebrand, Kru&. Double
plays— Babbitt to Mohler to Lohman; Lohman
(unassisted). Passed ball— Hanson. Time of
same— 2 houra and 5 minutes, j Umpire— Levy.
, Official scorer— H. S. McFarlia \u25a0 .
Hit the Ball Hard, but
Err at Critical
Times.
CRIPPLES DROP
A NOTCH LOWER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Tim Murphy, the
Western 'turf plunger, was officially de
nominated a welcher to-day by the Metro
politan Bookmakers' Association. Mur
phy's liabilities to" the betting ring, all
contracted during the past fortnight, ex
ceed $25,000. Every bookmaker in the ring
suffered by the plunger's delinquency, as
his credit was unquestioned.
During the late Gravesend meeting
Murphy gambled recklessly and lost in
cash wagers in a single week a sum esti
mated at $50,000 before he began to bet
the markers he owes. His disappearance
October 1 occasioned no suspicion. He
took French leave that day, and the first
intimation of his flight came through tel
eE rams to his creditors, dated at Chicago,
a==uring them he would return and meet
his obligations within forty-eight hours.
Nothing has been heard from him since,
and the bookmakers' association has list
ed him with Riley Grannan, Stedeker,
Charley Dwyer and other plungers who
have welched tor thousands within the
last few years. . A . ......*
Murphy was one of the heaviest bettors
in California last winter. He was sup
nosed to have gathered a competence dur
ing the years he has been battling against
betting rings all over, the country. He
could have easily defaulted for five times
the sum he owes, and from this fact his
creditors drew the logical comfort that he
will ultimately settle. .
The heaviest losers by Murphy's de
campment are George Rose $1800, Frank
Kckert $1200, Bill Jackman $1000, Leo
Maver $1500, George Wheelock $2000, Eddie
Burke $2500 and Sol Lichtenstein $2000.
Murphy belongs to a prominent family
of turfmen from St. Louis, and, with his
brothers, has teen a prominent figure in
the betting rings for the past decade.
ney Two-base hits — Stanley 2, . McLaughlin,
Doyle, Sheehan, Stricklett. : Sacrifice hits-
Stanley, Devereaux, Sheehan. First base on
errors— Los Angeles 1, Sacramento 3. First
base on called balls— Altrock 2, Stricklett 1.
Left on bases — Los Angeles l. Sacramento 8.
Struck out— By Altrock 4, by Stricklett 4. Hit
by I Ditcher— Kihm, Atherton, Altrock, Dough
erty, i Passed balls— Stanley 2. "Wild pitches—
Altrock 2. Time of game— 2 hours. Umpire—
Harcer. Official scorer— Rutherford.
Is Branded a Welcher
By the Bookmakers'
Association.
PLUNGER MURPHY
OWES THOUSANDS
RESENTED BY SAMPSON.
His Counsel Call Attention to Charges
Against the Admiral.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— William H. Stay
ton, the New York attorney who some time
ago asked to be allowed to represent Rear Ad
miral Sampson before the \u25a0 Schley court of in
quiry, and whose request was denied by the
court, to-day presented the following letter to
the court:
NAVY YARD. WASHINGTON. D. C, Oct.
10, 1901.— To Admiral George Dewey, U. S. N.,
President Naval Court of Inquiry, Washington,
D. C— Sir: I am instructed by Rear Admiral
Sampson to acknowledge for him the receipt of
your letter of the 27th of September, 1901, sta
ting the court does not at this time regard him
as a party to the case now before It, and is.
therefore, unable to comply with hia request
that he be permitted to representation by
counsel. .
' 2. . I am further instructed by the admiral
to ask that whenever the circumstances arise,
which entitle him to representation, you will
permit our admission as counsel In his behalf.
3. Mr. E. S. Theall of Washington, D. C,
who is ray associate In this matter, and my
self have been present in the courtroom of the
procedure, and one or both of us will endaavor
to be present every day hereafter.
4. We have not had facilities which would
permit us to hear the proceedings, but we have
been furnished with copies of the court's record,
and beg leave to refer respectfully to certain
pages of that record, which contain attacks
upon Admiral Sampson.
6. Rear Admiral Schley, for instance, was
permitted to say (see page 7) that "the prin
cipal parties to the present issue are Rear Ad
mirals Sampson and Schley."
6. Direct allegations have been made against
Admiral Sampson and we ask the court to re
fer to pages 152 to 156 of the record, where coun
sel repeatedly accuse Admiral Sampson— first,
of conducting a blockade "with his vessels at a
distance as great as t'hat-'-whlch was selected
by Admiral . Schley for his blockade; and, ' sec
ond, of .permitting the Colon to remain for an
Indefinite time after his arrival in full sight
of his squadron without making an effort to
destroy her.
7. On page 23 of the record counsel was al
lowed \u25a0 to declare that despite Admiral Samp
son's official report, In which he Etates that
the battle on July 3 was fought under his com
mand, and that as a matter of fact Admiral
Sampson did not command on that day, and
effort was made by counsel in yesterday's pro
ceedings to Introduce Into evidence a signal
made 'by Admiral Samoson which counsel
stated In his argument was Intended to show
that Rear Admiral Schley was commander In
chief of that battle. Surely these allegations
involve the honor of a naval officer,
' 8. The court's precept states that an officer
who is Interested may be permitted to appear
and defend himself, and while we fully realize
that Admiral Sampson is not a party to the
case, as the court ' states in Its letter of the
27th of September, yet notice has been given
that an effort will be made to deprive him of
his honors and even of his honor and his good
name, and he is accused of permitting an
enemy's vessel to lie undisturbed in his pres
ence, and all that as a naval officer he holds
dear Is involved, and we ask you to decide
merely that he !\u25a0 "interested."
9. It Is true that the attacks upon Admiral
Sampson have been made covertly and under
the name of argument, but the statements
have been, nevertheless, public; they have been
given great currency and they are embodid
In the record to remain forever on the flies
of the Navy Department. It Is at least worthy
of comment that on every occasion in which
such an argument has been indulged in, the
question at issue has been voluntarily with
drawn, after full opportunity had been taken
to accuse the admiral.
10. Were we alone In our opinion that these
arguments are improper, we should hesitate*
to make such statements, but the Judicial of
ficer of the court— the judge advocate— has re
peatedly characterized these arguments as im
proper.
11. We of course realize fully that the In
tervention of new Issues and new parties might
be improperly used to cumber the record and
prolong the trial; but counsel are entirely un
der the control of the court and may always
be suitably restricted. We therefore request
that we now be permitted to appear before
the court and given facilities which will en
able us to hear the procedure and be present
to defend Rear Admiral Sampson when coun
sel shall make upon him attacks of the nature
which they have already deemed proper to
make. Very respectfully, .
WILLIAM H. STAYTON.
The court replied as follows:
The court has received and considered your
letter of this date In which you again request
that you be permitted to appear before the
court as counsel for Rear Admiral Sampson
and given facilities which will enable you to
hear the procedure and to defend that officer
from attack when necessary.
In reply I have to state that while the pre
cept convening this court gives It authority to
permit any person whom It may regard as con
cerned in the Investigation to be present for the
purpose of cross-examining witnesses and offer
ing evidence the court considers that Rear Ad
miral Sampson is not an Interested party in
the case now before It and is not, therefore en
titled to appear as such, either in person o'r bv
counsel, and you are further informed that If
circumstances arise which, in the opinion of
the court, render it necessary f or Admfrnl
Sampson to be . represented, due notice will h«»
sent him. Very respectfully.
GEORGE DEWEY, Admiral U S N \
To Mr. W. S. Stayto^^ln^to^r? 0^-
Senators rind Altrock Easv
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— The Canadian
southpaw, Altrock, proved an easy mark
for the Senators, who- rapped out ten of
his choicest offerings up to the beginning
of the ninth inning. In this inning thev
rapped out seven hits, netting them seven
runs. Score: \u25a0.
.LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB PO A V
Hemphlll, 1. t .5 0 2 0 0 0 i
Dougherty, r. f 4 1 Q 0 0 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 5 0 10 3 0 ft
Athtrton, 2b 3 0 1 o'l" 4 1
Klhm, lb...... 2 0 O,"'O .13 1 1
Hail, ss 4 0 0 0 1 41
Rellly. 3b........ 4 1 1 .1 1 | 0
Spies, c 4 0 10 7 0 0
Altrock, p 3 r0 10 1 41
'Totals 34 2 7 1 27 15 6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E
Sheehan, 3b... .5 2 4 o 2 0 i
Stanley, c 5 1 2 0 5 0 0
Courtney, 2b..i 6 1 1 0 6 2 0
Uoyle, c. f 5 1.2 0 2-0 0
Davis, lb 6 11 ~0" '6 0 0
McLaughlin, 1. t.... 5 2 3/1 4 o 0
Devereaux, ss........ 4 0 0 0 2 4 l
Hoffer, r. f. ...4 2 1 0 2 0 0
StrlckletVp.......... 4 2 3 9 0 8 0
Totals •'.« 12 17 1 27 9 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo« Angeles..! .....000 0-0 100 1-2
Base hits........ '.0 0 0 1 0 12 1 2—7
Sacramento ..........100 021 01 7— 12
Base hits ......1 0 0 12 3 0 3 7—17
SUMMART.
Runs responsible for— Altrock 9, Stricklett 2.
Homo run— McLaiighlln. Thxee-basa^ hit— Court-
WASHINGTON. Oct. lO.-Just
before the Schley Court of In
quiry adjourned to-day Jucrge
Advocate Lemly introduced
Lieutenant J. H. Holden, for
merly watch officer of the Scorpion, as a
witness. Lieutenant Holden signed the
entry in the Scorpion's log griving the par
ticulars of the receipt of a message from
Commodore Schley from the Eagle, which
that vessel had brought from Captain Mc-
Calla on May 19. 1S98. when the flying
squadron, then bound for Cienfuegos/ fell
in with Captain ' McCalla' s sub-squadron,
which had just left that port.
The Government had sought to show
that by this message Commodore Schley
had been notified that the Spanish fleet
was not in the harbor of Cienfuegos and
Lieutenant Commander Southerland of
the Eagle had testified that he had mega
phoned to the Scorpion that there were
only a torpedo boat and several canoneros
in that harbor.
Other witnesses of the day were Lieu
tenant Commander W. H. Schuetze, who
served on the Iowa, and Lieutenant A. F.
Grant, who was on the Massachusetts,
who testified concerning- the general cam
paign of the flying squadron. Lieutenant
Edward P. Leiper concluded his testi
mony, begun yesterday.
TESTIJ£OK-y OF OFFICERS.
Movements of the Warships Ex
plained at Court of Inquiry.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The Schley na\-al
court of inquiry began business at 11 o'clock
to-day with the recall of yesterday's witnesses
lor the correction of their testimony and the
addition of such points as might have sug
gested themselves since their retirement from
the witness stand. These were Admiral Tay
lor. Lieutenant Commander Potts and Lieu
tenant Bristol. They were followed by Lieu
tenant Edward F. Leiper. who had begun his
testimony, but not concluded it, when the
court adjourned for the day.
The new -witnesses on the list for to-day In
cluded Lieutenant Commander Schuetze. who
was -on the Iowa in the Santiago campaign,
Lieutenant A. W. Grant, who was on the
Massachusetts. Lieutenant Commander C. C
Marsh and Lieutenant E. L. Bennett, both of
whom were on the Xew York, and Lieutenant
J. K. Holden, who was on the Scorpion. Cap
tain Chadwick, who was in direct command
of Admiral Sampson's flagship, the New York,
and who was the admiral's chief of staff dur
ing the war, was also expected to arrive during
the day and to give .testimony, especially con
cerning the sending of dispatches from Key
West to Commodore Schley when he lay off
Cynfuegos from Slay 22 to May 24.
Captain Cook, who occupied the same relative
position toward Commodore Schley that Cap
tain Chadwick occupied toward Admiral Samp-
Fcn, was also present in the courtroom during
the day. but he is not expected to testify until
Admiral Schley begins to present his side of
the case, he being one of the most prominent
of the admiral's witnesses.
Assistant Judge Advocate Hanna was not
present in the courtroom to-day. He was de
tained at his home by illness and the entire
presentation of the case on behalf of the Gov
ernment was conducted by Judge Advocate
Lemly.
Captain Parker of counsel for Admiral Schley
also was absent, having gone to his home in
New Jersey.
lieutenant Leiper Questioned.
Captain l*mly resumed the questioning of
Lieutenant Leiper by asking him concerning
the blockade of Santiago by Commodore Schlev.
The witness eaid that when the New Orleans
Joined the blockade the vessels were lying in
column from six to eight miles off shore, a
little to the eastward of directly south of the
Biouth of the harbor. AJ night they steamed
•lowly back and forth in front of the harbor
fcK 1 yards apart. They were so far out, the
witness said, that it was impossible to dis
tinguish points on the shore or to determine
where the ehore line met the water line. He
could distinguish the vessel nearest to him
ehead.
On the first night of the blockade he had
not been able to distinguish the Brooklyn and
the Vixen. The Marblehead and Vixen had
occupied places between the blockade line and
the Fhore. but he had not been able to dis
tinguish them. Practically the distance of the
main vessels from the shore line was the same
in the day as at night. He could not say how
tar east or west of the mouth of the harbor
the flewt had steamed, as he could not see the
harbor.
On cross-examination Mr. Raynor called the
attention of the witness to the statement of
Captain Folger. who had been in command of
the New Orleans, that the fleet was nearer to
the shore at night than in the day time, and
asked whether he agreed with his commanding
officer. The witness replied:
"As a fleet or squadron I do not agree that
they rr.oved closer to the shore at night. I
have an Indistinct recollection that the Xew
Orleans the first evening was lying a little far
ther off shore than the Brooklyn. When the
Brooklyn took up her course east the New Or
leans had to go in probably a quarter or pos
sibly half a mile to get her position in the
rp2r of the Brooklyn, but it was no more than
that. It was simply to stand in. It may have
been that that gave the captain the impression
that we were closer In at night."
Mr. Raynor called attention to the fact that
the log of the New Orleans placed the dis
tance of that vessel from the Morro at four
r.r.d a ha!f miles, and the witness said this
vas true.
Lieutenant Leiper said In further reply to
"Does that entry In the log embody all that
was communicated to the Brooklyn?"
"To the best of my knowledge and belief it
does."
"Who did receive the message?"
"The commanding officer, Lieutenant Com
mander Marix."
"Was there any difficulty 'in receiving it, so
far as you know, on account of the distance?"
"There was considerable difficulty in receiv
ing. It on account of the distance between the
ships and the wind, which was blowing from
us toward the Eagle. The commanding officer
had the megaphone, and in receiving the mes
sage held it up to his ear and' was thus able
to hear more than other people /from the bridge
at that time."
Mr. Kaynor— How far was the Eagle from
the Scorpion when she megaphoned?
"The distance varied. I should say the dis
tance ranged between one and two hundred
yards."
Mr. Raynor— Was the Eagle bo close to the
Scorpion that she had to back off for fear of a
collision?
"I don't recollect that she was so close that
there, was imminent danger of a collision."
Lieutenant Commander Southerland stated in
response to the question: "Do you recollect
about how far your vessel was when you mega
phoned? 'So near I had to back off for fear of
a collision, which made a little confusion for"
the time being.' .You don't think you were so
near as to be in danger of collision?"'/
"Mo, sir."
Captain Lemly— Do you remember the vessel
backins?
"I don't recollect the Scorpion's backing."
"Do you recollect whether you saw the Eagle
backing:?"
"I don't recollect seeing her back, but she
probably backed, as we had to slow down and
stop more suddenly than we ordinarily would
continuing under way."
The court then adjourned until to-morrow.
m »
General Campaign of the Fly
ing Squadron the Theme
for Interesting Examination
Officers of the Iowa and
Massachusetts Are on Wit
ness Stand at Washington
Judge Advocate Lemly Con
cedes an Important Point
at Schley Court of Inquiry
and the attention we were paying to our own
ship in that fight"
Commander Schuetze was then excused and
Lieutenant Commander Albert W. Grant, who
was senior watch officer on the Massachusetts
during the war with Spain, was called.
Asked by Captain Lemly concerning the
blockade of Cienfuegos, Commander Grant said
there were no directions giving an order of
battle, but there was upon arrival a signal
from the flagship that Cienfuegos was to be
blockaded. He had on the occasion of the
maneuver off Cienfuegos seen the Spanish
earthworks there and the masts of one vessel
lying in the harbor, but nothing to his knowl
edge had been done to destroy those works.
Commander Grant said that' he remembered
a signal from the Brooklyn before starting for
Cienfuegcs saying the fleet was bound for
Santiago and would rendezvous at Gonaives
Bay. The progress on that cruise was, he said,
slow, because the smaller vessels were affected
by the weather. He said that on the first
night out from Cienfuegos a suspicious vessel
which had erroneously been supposed to be
long to the enemy, had been sighted. The
Brooklyn, which had been steaming just In
front of the Massachusetts, changed its course
and turned to port. The witness said that as
soon as he observed this maneuver he turned
the Massachusetts so as to protect the ship
following."
"Then," he said, "as I knew I was going to
clear the Brooklyn I went ahead with port
engine full speed and shifted the helm and
gave the whistle signal."
"Were the ships in formation of column?"
Captain Lemly asked.
The witness replied: "They were not. There
\u25a0was a mix-up."
Tlie Retrograde JEo^ment.
Commander Grant then told about the retro
grade movement of the tiylng squadron toward
Key West as well as the blockade of Santiago.
He also described the bombardment of the
Colon on May 31 and said that on that oc
casion he had no conversation with Admiral
Schley.
"Have you stated all or did you understand
that I want all that the commodore may have
said within your hearing in relation to this
battle on that day?"
"I wa B only in Commodore Schley"s presence
once and that was when he went over the side
after the firing was over. I heard these words,
that the reconnoissance had developed the bat
teries and he was satisfied, or words to that
effect."
Mr. Raynor questioned the witness concern-
Ing the signals of May. 28, with the end In view
of showing that Commodore Schley' s signal at
4:30 p. m., saying that "the general meeting
place will be twenty-five miles south of San
tiago," was modified by the preceding signal
of 11:30 a. m., saying, "In case of separation
the fleet will rendezvous at place designated
by sitrnal." v
The witness declined to admit that this was
true, calling attention to the fact that the
11:30 signal also specified the latitude and longi
tude of Gonaives Bay, showing, as he heid,
that that signal referred to a former \ signal
and that the 4:30 signal for a rendezvous twen
ty-five miles south of Santiago was Independent
and was not modified.
Mr. Raynor questioned the witness concern
ing the encounter with a suspicious vessel
while en route to Santiago.
"You say there was a melee or mix-up on
the night of the 2oth. That was the time you
were on your way from Cienfuegos to San
tiago. Is there anything In your log book about
that?"
"I do not think so, but next morning I made
a written statement to Captain Hlgginson. I
am very sorry I have not a copy pf the letter
I wrote at that time."
The court asked the following questions:
"Were any efforts made by the flying squad
ron to discover whether or not Cervera's squad
ron was In the harbor of CienfueKOs?"
"None to my knowledge."
"Were any orders given from the flagship
by signal or otherwise for the guidance of the
ships composing the flying squadron In the
event of meeting Cervera's squadron in the
passage from Cienfuegos to Santiago?"
"None to my knowledse."
Commander Grant was then excused and
Lieutenant J. H. Holden, who was watch officer
on the Scorpion during the Spanish war, was
called.
Captain Lemly only asked Lieutenant Holden
concerning the Scorpion's mission as a dispatch
boat from Commodore Schley to the Harvard
off Santiago on May 22, He then stated that
Lieutenant Holden was the writer of the log
of the Scorpion in which an entry was made
concerning the message conveyed to Commodore
Schley through the Eagle and the Scorpion
from Captain McCalla. when the flying squad
ron was en route to Cienfuegos.
Message to the Scorpion.
Mr. Raynor then addressed the court, quoting
the message which Lieutenant Commander
Southerland, in command of the Eagle, testi
fied he had megaphoned to the Scorpion on May
19 in order to intercept the Eagle. This mes
sage, as the lieutenant commander gave it,
read :
"We left Cienfuegos on the night of the 16th,
at which time, as we learned from an insur
gent camp about thirteen miles to the westward
of Cienfuegos. some of the people from which
were inside the town every night, that the only
vessels in that harbor were a torpedo boat and
nine canoneros."
Mr. Raynor then inquired of Captain Lemly
whether Commander Marix, who commanded
the Scorpion, was not now In Manila. Without
immediately replying to this Captain Leraly
said:
"I believe that Lieutenant Commander South
erland is right in his statement as to the mes
sage he communicated to the Scorpion, but it
Is like any other case of communicating through
persons— there is a disagreement between the
log of the Scorpion, which I have before me,
and Mr. Southerland's statement, and we are
not able to carry that message, which was de
livered to the Scorpion, to Commodore Schley
on board the Brooklyn in our evidence. Marix
is at Cavite. I have every reason to believe,
there would be a disagreement between Marix
and Southerland If Marix were summoned fi-om
this great distajice, and we are prepared to ad
mit that if he were summoned he would not
say that communication had been made to the
Brooklyn as to the presence of the insurgents
with whom communication had been had near
Cienfuegos."
Reading from the log. Captain Lemly quoted
the entry from 8 a. nT. to meridian for May
19, showing that the Brooklyn had instructed
the Scorpion to "speak the Eagle and obtain
news and the names of the vessels off Clen
fuejos."
The entry then proceeds to tell of the carry
ing out of the order and reports the following
as being the message signaled to the Brooklyn
by the Scorpion as the result of the interview
with the Easle:
"Eagle sent by McCalla from Cienfuegos to
report. Nashville following about twenty-five
miles in rear to westward. Starboard hitrh
pressure cylinder disabled. Proceed slowlv
Cincinnati and Vesuvius off Cape San Antonio!
about fifteen miles to northward. Flying squad
ron has left Cienfuegos for Key West. No
news of the Spanish."
Mr. Raynor— Are you able to state what
Lieutenant Commander Marix would testify to
before the court if he were here?
Captain Lemlv— I. have it in the shape of a
cablegram and letter, neither of which is
properly evidence before the court, because it
is not sworn to.
Mr. Raynor— I will agree to accept that let
ter and cablegram. I do not know what is in
either of them.
Captain Lemly— I am perfectly willing the
court should have them.
The cablegram and letter were then read
as was Assistant Secretary Hackett's cable
gram requesting the information. The Secre
tary's cablegram was as follows:
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 11. 1901.— Rem'ey,
Manila: See Marix and obtain a correct state
ment of information communicated through
Eagle. May 19. Did he communicate informa
tion Schley? Give date of. All messages to
be in cipher. HACKETT."
Statement From Marix.
The cable received in reply was as follows:
(Translation:)
"CAVITE. P. I.. Aug. 14, 1901.— Secretary
Navy, Washington: Referring • telegram Au
gust 11, Marix has deposed as follows:
" "The message communicated to the com
mander of Eagle, May 19, was to Schley from
McCalla to the effect that before leaving Cien
fuegos with his ships did not believe Spanish
ships had arrived there when Marblehead left.
The message was communicated to Brooklyn
and Scorpion by hail.' REMEY."
The letter which followed, and which con
firmed the cablegram, read:
"Office of the commander-in-chlef, United
States naval force on Asiatic station, August
13, 1901.
"Remey, Manila: Commander Adolph Marix,
U. S. N.i deposes as follows:
" 'The message communicated by the com
manding officer of the Eagle, May 19, was from
McCalla to Schley to the effect that McCalla
had left Cienfuegos with his ships and did
not believe that Cervera's fleet had arrived
there when Marblehead left. This message
was communicated to Scorpion and Brooklyn
by hailing.
" 'I do hereby swear the foregoing to be a
true statement.
A. MARIX. Commander, U. S. N.'
"Sworn and subscribed to before me this 13th
day of August, 1901, on board United States
flagship Brooklyn.
"GEORGE C. REMEY,
"Commander-in-Chief, United States Naval
Forces. Naval Station."
Mr. Raynor then presented the Scorpion's
log containing the entry covering the meeting
with the Eagle, and Mr. Holden eald that- it
was correct, according to his best knowledge
and belief.
Captain Lemly— I ask if you are quite posi
tive nothing else was communicated to the
vessel at this time which you may have omitted
from this entry in the log book? ,
"1 did not conduct the megaphone message."
"Did you hear it?"
"I did not hear all of It; only parts of it."
"You mean you did not hear all of it as re
ceived on board the Scorpion V
"I did not."
"Did you hear all that was communicated to
the Brooklyn T" « , /
"I did." " ) • \u25a0 • ..__
questions that his estimate of the distance
out was entirely due to visual observation.
Asked whether ho agreed with Captain Folger
in stating that the reconnolssancc of May 31,
when the Colon was bombarded, was a success
in developing the strength and number of the
shore batteries, the \u25a0 witness replied that • he
thought it had been a success to that extent,
but that he could not agree with Captain Fol
ger in all that he had said. He found that the
lire of the batteries was slow. He also found
that the greatest caliber probably was a 6
inch gun on the Zocapa battery; that there
appeared to be only two or three guns there,
not of that caliber; that on the. battery east
of the Morro there appeared to be- four or five
guns fired, and "from the volume of smoke
and the range attained it appeared to me that
they were light guns, less than 6-inch in cal
iber."
"Batteries Were Weak."
The Judge advocate asked:
"What, really, as a matter of fact, was de
veloped^ by the affair of May 31, as to tha
strength or weakness of guns?" !
The witness replied:
"As compared with the strength of the ships
of the squadron, or as compared with the
strength of the guns of any ship in the squad
ron, any of the battleships, the Brooklyn, New
Orleans or the Marblehead. the batteries were
weak."
Lieutenant Commander William H. Schuetze,
who, as lieutenant, was the navigator of the
battleship Iowa during the summer of 1858,
and who is now superintendent of compasses
in the Xavy Department, was the next wit
ness. He was a member of the board of nav
igation which prepared the official chart of
the positions of the vessels engaged on both
sides in the battle of July 3, and Judge Advo
cate Lemly asked him concerning the report
made by that board, which accompanied the
chart. The witness eaid he had not been sat
isfied with the report.
"I protested," he said, "against signing the
report, as being Inaccurate, but I was finally
persuaded to ao so by the senior member of
the board, Commander Wainwright, who
thought that was the best we could do, even
if we stayed there until doomsday, and I
signed it undsr protest. My tirst objection was
that the chart was inaccurate; that the posi
tion of the Iowa, as platted on his chart,
gave her too much speed. In order to keep
the Iowa in relative position to the other ships
for certain distances, she approximately ap
peared to be making eighteen knots, when she
was making nine or ten. Another objection I
had was the initial position of the Brooklyn
when 'the Spaniards first left the harbor. I
contended that the Brooklyn's position was too
close to the mouth of the harbor; that she
was not in her regular position. She was south
of it. I based that opinion upon the fact that
when I first discovered the Spaniards coming
out of the harbor I looked over toward the
ether ships on our left and the Brooklyn was
very neariy abeam of the Iowa. The Iowa
was heading north, directly into the harbor."
Commander Schuetze was asked In regard to
his observations of the Brooklyn In the battle
of July 3. He replied:
Action of the Brooklyn.
"I saw the Brooklyn at the beginning of the
action about port abeam of the Iowa. I saw
her some minutes afterward, when she ap
peared to be headed a little to the eastward
of north. It is difficult to tell, because she
was very nearly broadside-on. Soon afterwa'rd
I saw her headed to the eastward, about due
cast. I should say. That is the last I saw of
her."
Captain Lemly— I want you to state whether
you saw the Texas about this time. How was
she located, relative to the Brooklyn? Did you
notice anything particularly as to the speed or
maneuvering of the Texas?
"When I first saw the Texas she was headed
to the eastward of north. Soon afterward I
noticed her again and she was headed to the
westward and apparently lying dead in the
water. I called Captain Evans' attention to
the fact that she was in our way; that she was
lying dead in the water, and cautioned the
captain that we would probably run Into her
if we kept on the way we were heading. She
was then on our port bow. We were trying to
get close into the harbor and steamed at first
directly for the mouth of the harbor. As the
Spaniards turned to the westward we turned
in the same direction and in this maneuver
ing we were hindered by the Texas."
Captain Lemly — It is In evidence here that
the Brooklyn crossed the bow of the Texas.
Have you any personal knowledge of that?
"No. sir."
On cross-examination Mr. Raynor questioned
the witness in reference to the official chart
of the position of the .various ships in the
battle off Santiago.
"Why did not you state. 'This chart is wrong
and I won't sign?' "
"I did."
"Then." why did you sign?"
"Because I was persuaded by the other mem
bers of the board that was the best we could
do and they wanted to come to an agreement.
That vras a compromise."
"Then really this chart was signed for the
purpose of coming to an agreement and not
for the purpose of showing any accurate re
sults, was it?"
"The board \u25a0was ordered to show accurate
results, but It was an absolute impossibility
to make a chart of that kind showing accurate
results. It was the best we could do so long
after the battle."
Questions by the Court.
The court put a number of questions to the
witness.
By the court— Was your position during the
battle of July 3 such as to enable you to ob
serve clearly the relative positions and move- #
ments of the different ships?"
"No, sir. I never observed the relative posi
tions of all the ships on account of the smoke
"How did you determine the distance of the
Iowa from the shore while blockading Cienfue
gos?"
"We did not determine the distance at all.
except simply by bearings occasionally. There
was not any regular effort made to obtain
any particular position."
"Were the vessels nearer to or farther from
shore at night at Santiago?"
"At what time of the blockade?"
Captain Lemly — Prior to the 1st of June.
"About the same distance day and night Is
my recollection, about eight miles."
When the court reconvened after luncheon
Lieutenant Commander Schuetze continued his
testimony. In response to a question by the
court he that he had determined the
position of the Iowa at 7:40 a. m. on May
28, and that its distance out was seven miles.
He also said that the bombardment of May
31 had developed that the Spanish shore bat
teries were extremely weak. He had seen no
evidence of a disposition on the part of any
of Cervera's ships to ram any of the American
vessels.
No ' Information Given That
the Spanish Fleet Was Not
at Harbor of Cienfuegos
SCORPION'S LOG DOES NOT SHOW
THAT SCHLEY RECEIVED THE NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 3901.
5
J. Pierpont Morgan— the How I Came to Be in 165
Man. Battles.
BY MORRISON PIXLEY. BY ARTHUR S. KITCHEN.
The First Installment of
The Greatest Novel Written in Years
WILL APPEAR SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13,
IS . -
* \u25a0 .
OddestCoHege*'Ffat t 'in The Girls of the Famous
America Is in California. "Florodora'' Sextet.
fin KlJ _^^^Hfrjq KB EL
jag " J9 l|s [3*9 1 3 Tni *L
DR.MEYERS&CO, Jip!%
Specialist. Disease W§§£^ *'
and weakness of E5p*> }
men. Established y*^» A^^'tTl
188L Consultation T(|f: T^EW IS?
and private book \Nt
free at office or by «tg*v J&L
mail. Cures gruar- l%*<&>£2?*iKi?r
anteed. 731 Mar- r^SKHlp*
ket street (eleva- jt\. !*<£&!<*&
tor entrance), San *^>Ct-33$%P»»
Francisco. H^S« \u25a0jNjsr^
RRTTQ1II7Q FOR barbers, bak.
DIlUDIl.ElDers, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner3.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento St
dPfc IIBI #4 Rifles. Ammunition. Fish-
Illlm3l* int Tackle, Sporting. Out-
|_8l JgtM in? Goods. Larsi-st Stock.
BVI I ntf -^ Lowest Prices. Send for
B-J uJS B W SLJgCatalnini" and Jnb Sheet.
\u25a0 \u25a0 '^ 8HSEVE ft 3ARBER CO.
. 739 Market. 511 Kcarny
Weekly Call, $1 per Year-
Suppose you try on one of our #9 sack suits and see if it N doesn't look as
well as any fifteen dollar suit you ever saw. The coat will hang just right, the
trousers wiil set properly— the entire suit will fit as it should. Of this we are
certain. .
I Now about the make and wear. The suits are made from all wool, fall and
winter weight materials such as serge, cheviot, worsted and tweed. The assort-
ment comprises the solid colors "of black and blue and all the patterns brought
out this season. The suits are made by union labor in our own workshops and
are sold at but one fair profit — hence the extreme value at such a low price. We
intend to make this #9 suit the most popular suit in San Francisco.
If the suit doesn't wear as you think it should — if you are displeased you
can have your money back or another suit at no cost. These suits will withstand
any kind of a guarantee we can give. Come in and try one on — see for yourself.
A floor of interest to mothers
The second floor of our store abounds in things of interest to mothers. 'Here she
will find a natty little suit for the boy, a stylish little cap for him and a shirt waist and a col-
lar, stockings, underwear— in fact, she can outfit him entirely with the single exception of
shoes. And there are things here for the young man of twenty as well as the boy from three
to twelve. The prices are as interesting as the goods. They are lower no doubt than you
have ever paid for goods of like quality. A purchase-,, however small, will soon prove this.
The floor is light, airy and comfortable. Every facility is here for making your buy-
ing easy. There is a reception room, with the newspapers and magazines on file; where you
can spend a pleasant half-hour waiting for friends by appointment if you choose.
Mothers, you are welcome, even if you come just to look.
A glance at our f\ T A IjT\. H*"^ Out-of-town or-
windows will al- %g^ f%J • mfi&S m i| || | €^ M a*& ders filled— write
ways prove inter- *^i */ W JraWlJ'lSI B fi%) §1 P g • us for anything: in
esting, whether you I ~ y fr - m r^' \JP men's orboys'eloth-
need clothes, hats \u25a0 ***** ing, furnishings or
or furnishings. T!8 Market Street. hats -FRIDAY OCTOBER 11, iQOi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AMrtif AH Conuntmleaticni to W. 8. LEAKS, Xtugtr.
: KAJTjIGEII'8 OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Preii «O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and third, 8. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201."
EDITORIAL ROOMS 317 to 221 SteTemon St.
Telephone Frew 202.
Oellrered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copie*. C Cents.
Terms toy Moil. Including: Poataffei
- DAILT CALL, (lnclndln* Sunday), one year $1.00
DAJLT CALL (including Sunday). < months.... 1.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), > i~octh» 1.60
DAXLT CALL— By Single Month 66c |
' 6TTNDAT CALL. On* Tear l.M
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.00
All pottmsiler* are authorised to reeelr*
subscription*.
Eaicjile copies -will be fcrwaraed when requested.
Mall cubacrlben In ordering change of address should bt
ptrtlcslar to glre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tssur* a prompt and correct compliance with their reqneat.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGES KROGXESS.
Xiaager Forelga Adrertiging-, Marqnette Bulling, Chieigo.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTOS Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHE.V B. SMITH 30 Tribune Build tnc
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; . P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
\u25a0: Fremont House; Auditorium Hctel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OG G St.. ». W.
MORTO.V E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
BRASCH OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vntll S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAlllrter, open until 3:30 o'clock. 615' Larkln, .open until
S JO o'clock. 15(1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
until 9 o # clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fllltnore, open until 9 p. m.-
One of the curious features of the municipal cam
paign in New York is that each side is loudly as
serting that the triumph of the other would convert
j that city into "a second Phifadelphia."
For the purpose of,. obtaining .direct Information as
to the proper method of pronouncing Roosevelt's
name the Boston Transcript wrote to the President
and received from his secretary the reply that the
name should be pronounced as if spelled "Rosyvelt."
THE Colusa Sun makes note* of a letter written
by Mr. Crosette, an old California journalist, to
the effect that in the East, quite generally, it is
believed that Southern California, meaning that part
of the State below the Tchachapi Pass, is all there is
of this State. In the East it is believed, he says,
that to that section are confined our climate, our
fruits, our productive capacity, our commercial en
terprise and prospects, and, in effect, all the material
elements that make a State.
We can add our testimony to that of Mr. Crosette
that this ir the case, and congratulate' Southern Cali
fornia upon the generality of its excellent advertise
ment as the whole thing.
If this Eastern opinion were true it would be glory
enough to make a State to have such a section as
Southern California, so in the long run the State is
not much out and injured by the error. The harm is
done to the many who desire to seek homes here and
leave that desire unsatisfied because they look at
the map and refrain from seeking what they want in
a State that has so small a desirable area as Southern
California. It becomes the duty of all public-spirited
media of information, therefore, to stand for pan-
California. No section has any monopoly of our
justly celebrated climate. Physically the State is
beautiful and equally productive of the same articles
of luxury and necessity throughout its entire nine
hundred miles of length, and the same sun kisses it
into blushing with the same fruits and flowers from
border to border". The ascription of peculiar quali
ties to Southern California did not originate with
old Californians. It was put in action for pelfish
purposes by the great company of Eastern real estate
agents, who staked* Southern California off in town
lots and boomed the great speculation which for a
time rivaled the Mississippi scheme of John Law,
or the moms multicaulus speculation, which was to
dress every American in home-grown silk. If was
these Eastern real estate experts who used to tell
"tenderfeet that San Francisco Bay froze solid every
winter, and that ice and snow locked all life in cold
storage in Northern California for half of every year.
It was speculative fibbing, but it left a deep impres
sion, upon which the Eastern error complained of is
based to this day. .
Mr. Crosette advises a Northern California move
ment to enlighten Eastern opinion, but we demur to
that. What is wanted^ is a pan-California movement,
in which north and south will cordially, join, to do
justice to the whole State. , In the State Board of
Trade this plan will be found already in action.
There the whole State, from Los Angeles to the Sis
kiyous, is represented. The products, maps and
statistics of every county are kept for distribution,
and exact justice is done to every section. If that
plan have put into' it the exquisite enterprise which
has characterized Southern California every section
will be benefited and the prosperity of the State in
creased.
The whole State is like a perfectly beautiful woman.
But if the beauties of such a woman are divided, and
one is asked to be enraptured over her dissected
eyes, or amputated nose, or shorn hair, rapture does
not report for duty. So it is with California. To
be appreciated her beauties and resources must "be'
exhibited as a whole, as the most * inspiring . and
illuminating unit that nature has ever produced. So
exhibited to the unfortunate people whose lot has
been cast elsewhere, they will hasten hither, with
their household gods and their enterprise and indus-,
try, and the whole State will make • their coming
profitable to them and will benefit by their prosperity.
PAN-CALIFORNIA.
: SUMMER RATES in effect at Hotel del Coro
nado until December 1. Ticket to Coronado
and > return. Including 15 days' board and room,
£60. .*! Inquire at 4 New Montgomery st.
"You eay you have a : genuinely novel
Idea for an airship?" asked; the capitalist.
"I have," answered the_ inventor confi
dently.
: "In what respect does yours differ from
the rest?" ) : . \u25a0
; , "It -isn't shaped like a cigar."—Wash
ington Star. . .. . . , _
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day: From
San Francisco— A.. C. Lisbee, at the Astor;
O. S. Levy, at the Herald Square; R. Gar
ratt, at. the Navarre; Mrs. M. N. Shear
man, at the Park Avenue. From Los An
geles — j. j. Davis and wife, at the Im
perial; E. Pallette, at the Park 1 Avenue;
F. B. Borat, at the Kensington; A. S.
Ragsdale, at the Earlington. From San
Jose— B. Kirkwood, at, the Holland:
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day and reg
istered as follows: At the St. James,
Elec Harmer and wife of Santa Barbara;
at the Metropolitan, Lucy E. Freeman
and Dorothy Pehdergast of San Fran
cisco; at the Raleigh, F. Voogt and wife
and J. L. Rosenthal and wife of San Fran
cisco; at the Arlington, Martin Kellogg of
Berkeley.
Californians in Washington.
. The one danger to be feared now is that for one
reason or another the movement may be permitted
to drag until its original impulse is largely lost. The
bad results of delay in a cause' of this kind were strik
ingly shown in the history of the movement started
to erect a monumental tomb for Grant in New York,
That work;was eventually, accomplished in a majestic
manner, and the tomb is now the greatest structure
of its kind, in the world; but so long were the New
Yorkers engaged in raising money for it that at times
it seemed as if. the monument would never be com
pleted at all. Let us do things more promptly. Be
fore the holidays come we ought to have in the
memorial fund a sum large enough , to justify the
committee in beginning to get plans for the monu
ment, so that within a reasonable time we. may see
the work completed ?nd standing as an ornament to
our city, and a proof o? the patriotic liberality of our
Among those that are now reasonably certain of
ultimate success is the movement started in San
Francisco. The contributions already made to the
fund give ample assurance of coming success. It ; is
gratifying, moreover, that most ' of the donations
have come in comparatively small amounts, showing
that the movement is supported, by the people as a
whole, and that when the memorial is completed it
will in the truest sense represent the popular heart
of San Francisco.
DURING the week that followed the death of
President' McKinley there were started for
the erection of a memorial to him almost as
many movements as there are cities in the United
States. Even .a considerable number of compara
tively small towns undertook some such enterprise.
Certainly there is not a State in the Union that did
hot have one or more of them.
These movements were the natural results of the
sorrow of the people, and there is nothing to be said
against any of them. It is inevitable, however, that
most of them should die away and be heard of no
more. Only a few of them will live to go forward to
the accomplishment of such memorials as will attest
to future generations the love which to-day the
American people feel for the great statesman so
cruelly murdered while in the administration 'of his
high office.
THE McKINLEY MEMORIAL,..
Dr. S. S. Boyle of Santa Rosa is at th&
Lick*.
Ben U. Steinman of Sacramento is at
\u25a0the Palace. >
George M.Mott of Sacramento is at the
Occidental.
W. H. McKenzie, an oil man of Fresno,
Is at the Lick. . .
V. S. McClatchy. editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, Is at the California.
Dr. Merritt Hitt, a prominent physician
of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
General Charles Cadwalader of Red Bluff
is among the arrivals at the Lick.
H. Berger, captain of the Hawaiian
Government band, is at the California.
Governor Gage returned from Southern
California yesterday and is at the Palace.
Dr. William M. Lawlor, superintendent
of the Home for Feeble-minded at
Eldridge, Is at the Grand.
E O. McCormick, general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
leaves Sunday for the Harriman railroad
meeting- at Salt Lake. '
Mrs. Robert Cutts -Pierce, sister of As
sistant Secretary of the Navy Hackett, is
spending a few weeks in California. She
is at present staying at the Occidental.
DUNDEE, Scotland, has just unveiled a monu
: ment erected to the memory oLJames Bow
man Lindsay, who his fellow citizens proudly
claim to have been the world's pioneer in applying
electricity to the uses of mankind. It is said of him
that he anticipated by half a century not only elec
tric lighting and electric power distribution, but wire
less telegraphy as well.
In a brief biographical sketch of Lindsay given in
the London Chronicle it is stated that in 1834 he
promulgated his views of electric energy and its util
ity, and made experiments in sending messages
across the Tay without wires. In the same year he
went to London and submitted his theories and his
experiments to the British Association, but nothing
resulted from the visit. One of the scientists of that
time who served on the committee appointed to in
vestigate Lindsay's inventions is still living, and in
explanation of the failure to profit by them recently
said that there was in 1834 no demand for such ap
pliances. He went on to argue that an invention to
be of service must be produced at the appropriate
moment. If it be premature it is useless. Lindsay
had the misfortune to be ahead of his time. Instead
of being hailed by the whole civilized world as Mar
coni is to-day, and gaining honors and being en
riched by his invention,, he died obscure and gets
nothing but a monument in his native town.
The fortune of the Scottish inventor is by no means
singular. Many a supposed new invention of our
time is but a revival of something that was known
ages ago but was. useless in the civilization that then'
prevailed. Of course any credit given to Lindsay by
no means. .detracts \u25a0from the honor due to Marconi.
There is. no evidence that the experiments of 1834,
resulted in anything which would be of practical
value- even, now. Lindsay managed to strike out
theories that- were far in advance of his time, but
Marconi, in competition with hundreds of the
brightest scientists and mechanical inventors, has
been first to devise a system of wireless telegraphy
that meets the need of his age and is practically val
uable.' It is, in fact, the achievement of Marconi
that has been the occasion of the erection of the
monument to Lindsay. The Scotchman and his in-,
ventions were forgotten even in his own land until
the marvels wrought by the young Italian- revived an
interest in the bygone experimenter and made! his
townsmen feel that something of honor is due tq v the
memory of the man \vhq fifty years ago did in some
AN ELECTRICAL PIONEER.
CHANGE OF NAME— P. B., Santa
Cruz, Cal. The name of the transport
Samoa has been changed to the DIx.
CHRISTIANS-A. S., City. This de
partment does not furnish answers to
questions that may lead to- a religious
controversy. Suggest that you look at
the definition of Christian in the Century
Dictionary, which probably is what you
desire. You can find the dictionary at the
Free Public Library. •
INTERPRETERS— J. S., City. The
Judges of the Superior Court of San Fran
cisco are empowered to appoint not to
exceed five interpreters of foreign lan
guages to interpret testimony in criminal
cases at inauests and at examinations.
The salary of these shall not exceed $100
per month each. This applies to an In
terpreter of Chinese.
A FOREST— G. H. I.. City. The forest
that is on the hillside east, south and
west of the Affiliated Colleges covers
194 acres. It Is part of the San Miguel
Ranch that was purchased by the late
Adolph Sutro after making his millions by
means of the Sutro tunnel on the Com
stock. He named the place Mount Par
nassus, after the mountain of that name
in .Phocis, greatly celebrated among the
ancients and regarded by the Greeks as
the central point of their country. Mr.
Sutro was a great believer in the idea
that for every tree that is destroyed two
should.be planted, and to show that trees
will grow on barren hills he at the time
he inaugurated tree planting in this city
and on Goat Island a quarter of a century
ago set out thousands of trees on Mount
Parnassus, with the result that Is notice
able to-day. .
Wango— Did you ever engage Miss Coy
girl in a conversation on' any topic?
Gowan: Why, y'es; that is, I've talked
with her a whole lot .about nothing.—
Judge.
•Wantoneau — Do you ever find anything
interesting in the vermiform appendix?
Dr. Cutter— I usually find a fee of a hun
dred or so in every one I operate upon.—
Philadelphia Record.
"McDuffy is on his way to the Phllin
pines." ;
"Tes. He heard the Fillpinys was wards
of the government and he thought it a
fine opening for a ward boss." . , ;
"What does the man next door do?"
asked the Assessor. "There's nobody at
home."
"ity husband says he's a bureau
drawer. He sits in one of the city bu
reaus and draws a salary."— Philadelphia
Times.
Banks— Dunlelgh is not such a dunce
as they make him out. He gets oft a
good thing once in awhile.
Hill— But It Isn't original.
Banks— Still it is bright in him to re
member it.— Boston Transcript.
"You seem to be In somethlnff of a
hurry," said the divorce lawyer. "It
hasn't been more than six weeks since
you were married, has It?"
"N— no, sir," faltered the fair young
client, "but It— it was a St. Joe marriage."
"I see. And this Is a Chicago repen
tance."
"So you proposed to Miss Chillers?"
"Yes," answered Willie Washington.
"You must have known she would re
ject you."
"Of course. But there is an old saying;
that woman can't keep a secret, and I
was afraid that she would get to compar
ing notes. I had proposed to all the other
girls and I didn't want her to. feel-slight
ed."—Washington Star.
CREMATION— C. R. H., Oakland. Cal.
The time that it requires to heat a fur
nace for the purpose of cremation de
pends upon the length of time that the
furnace has not been heated. It gener
ally takes three hours. The degree of
heat of a furnace for cremation purposes
is about 2500 Fahrenheit. The body is ra
duced to ashes in from an hour and a half
to two hours. The coffin, with the excep
tion of the glass and trimmings, is incin
erated with the body, except in the case
of metallic caskets, then the body is re
moved from the casket. There is no odor
while the body is being consumed. When
th«: casket containing the -body is place'l
on the carriage just before being sent into
the furnace it is covered with an alum
soaked cloth, so that it may not catch
fire while being transferred to the fur
nace. Within three minutes after the cas
ket and body has been placed 'in the fur
nace the whole becomes a mass of flames
and then a mass of cinders at the end of
the time stated. \u25a0 , .
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
At a recent meeting of the presbytery in Kansas
City one of the ministers said in 'the course of a ser
mon: "We are living in the last stage of the world's
existence. Man will grow so wicked that God will
not be able to "Stand his sinning longer and will then
destroy the world. God will then make his children
white as snow by making all things new." The state
ment may be taken as an illustration of what the
pastors think of the possibility of reforming Kansas
City. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
I ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
At 10 o'clock sharp, seemingly every
bus in Marin County,- with an intersper
sion of buggies and other vehicles of
nondescript character, crowded the Tib
uron depot. From several points" of the
county, "but particularly from San Ra
fael, those interested in the opening of
the new road had collected for the tirst
official ratification of a work that all pro
nounced the chief pride of Marin.
ment, for after lunch-much speechmaking
was indulged in. No one was slighted
and over the hills and the water the
words of gratitude and of compliment
floated incessantly for two hours. Then
the line of march was continued, some go
ing to San Clemente, where a* special
train was in waiting; others testing the
boulevard even to the heart of the county
seat.
ONE hundred and more promi
nent citizens of Marin County,
gathered at Tiburon yesterday
morning, officially opened the bay
shore road from Tiburon to San
Rafael. About the noon hour they rested
under the trees at California City. Then
they forgot the "magnificent county high
way" for a time and opened more bottles
than even the very hot day provoked.
The ride over the new road was the busi
ness of the celebration. The lunch at
California City was the entertainment.
Both were successful.
The line of rolling carriers was a long
one. The men in them made a jolly party
and after-the day's pleasure was over the
general verdict returned was that it was
a picnic pure and simple. \u25a0
Picturesque Driveway.
This new read improvement of the
county winds round curves and corners
and affords both picturesque and comr
fortable drives. It has been building for
more than two years and represents the
work of many public-spirited, men of the
county. And these men had a chance to
tell of their labors for tne new improve-
The road as it is now is in splendid con
dition, but will be improved upon until it
reaches almost a state of perfection.
Without any question, this improvement
will be of inestimable value to the county.
Miller, E. S. Rake, William Sal3, L. A.
Lancel. George E. Ring, H. A. Gorley.
H. V. Halton, P. Williams. S. Herzog. W.
F. Dougherty, Charles Bogan, W. Mur
ray, Louis Smith, W. J. Atherton. James
H. Wilklns. John D. Boyd, S. A. Pacheco,
Henry Eickhoff. James W. Cochrane.
William J. Miller, Dr. O. O. Howitt, D.
T. Taylor, and Supervisors Charles Dowd,
William Barr, T. J. Murry, F. Gowdy and
M. Farley.
H. A. Gorley, president of the Board of
Trade, made the first speech. He was
followed by J. H. Wilkins, Director of San
Quentin Prison; A. W. Foster, president
of the California Northwestern Railway:
Henry Eickhoff, William Barr, George D.
Shearer, P. H. Cochrane, James W.
Cochrane. Judge E. B. Maher, Professor
Van der Naillen and many others.
In the party were T. J. Fallon. County
Recorder; George D. Shearer. Dr. J. A.
Macdonald, H. J. Mclsaac, District At
torney; George L. Richardson", County
Surveyor; E. Connell. County Recorder;
S. Parker, County Assessor; P. H. Ccch
rane, John T. Cocfirane, James E. Hay
den. S. H. Cheda, H. Schlosser. H. C.
Greskie. R. Kinsella, J. Petersen, R. Kirk,
E. B. Martinelll, A. W. Foster, "W". J.
SCENES AT THE L.UXCH AND
ALONG THE ROAD FROM TIBU
RON TO CALIFORNIA CITY.
It will be seen that while most of these might be
fairly called \u25a0conservative, there are several of them
that go" as far as the Populists themselves ever went.
The call for protection to individual rights against
"monopolistic power,", the assertion that the "com
munism of capital" must be met by State control,
the denunciation of the United States Senate as a
"dangerous oligarchy," may seem to Mr. Quincy to
be conservative phrases, but to the country at large
they will sound very much like the old Bryan clamors
against corporations and the rich. In what way
monopolistic power is crushing individual rights in
Massachusetts is more than we know, and as Mr.
Quincy intends it strictly as a State issue perhaps it
is no concern to Californians; but none the less it
is interesting as an illustration of the kind of platform
on which the Democrats are uniting. It would seem
that Williams was not far wrong when he declared
the party still breathes the spirit of the Bryanite con
vention of 1806. .
17. A constitutional convention should be held,
15. Metropolitan commissions should be reorganized
to represent the people and taxpayers of the metropoli
tan district.
f " 16. Boston harbor must be at once improved, by State
action if necessary.
4. Every branch of State government should be a de
partment; the head of every department should repre
sent it upon the floor of the Legislature. *
5. The gTOwing evil of special legislation must be
abated.
6. Legislative sessions should be curtailed.
7. Legislative measures should be subject to referen
dum to the people whenever duly petitioned for. .
8. A single primary election for all parties should be
established in place of separate caucuses. , . >
9. All candidates voted for in districts should be nom
inated by direct vote; optional direct nomination of can
didates for State offices should be provided for.
10. The United States Senate is becoming a danger
ous oligarchy; Senators should be nominated and elected
by direct vote of the people.
' 11. The, suffrage is a duty, • not merely a privilege;
compulsory voting is desirable.
, 12. Progressive labor legislation should be revived.
." 13. The right of home rule should be given to cities.
;PubUcownership of public utilities is demanded.
" ' 14. City"' governments should be given larger legisla
tive powers. \u25a0 ~t -•. \u25a0 , \u25a0;•:-\u25a0 \u25a0; ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: . . •
2. Personal liberty must be preserved.
3. A responsible Governor should be at the head of all
administration; the executive council should be abol
ished. - •
1. Individual rights must be safeguarded by law
against monopolistic power; communism of capital must
be met by State control. '
MASSACHUSETTS Democrats, it seems,
have, got together— at least the Boston pa
pers agree that the convention manifested
something like a genuine harmony between the two
wings that were flapping against one another so vio
lently as long' as' Bryan was to the fore. Josiah
Quincy was nominated by. a. vote so overwhelming
that it was hardly worth while for the opponent to
move to make it unanimous, and so strong was the
sentiment of union that it was not disturbed even
when George Fred Williams declared: "The
Democracy of this country is absolutely pledged to
the essential policy and the spirit and soul that ani
mated the party in the convention of 1896. It cannot
be stirred, from that foundation."
It goes without saying that the platform adopted
by the convention set national aside. That
is an essential part of every harmony programme
known to Democracy in these days. It enables the
candidates to skip the silver question in their
speeches, ;;as well as every other national issue, and
thus greatly simplifies the process of bringing all the
elements of the party together. It is not to be sup
posed, however, that a Boston convention would set
those issues aside in the crude way in which the thing
was done in Ohio. A little more tact was displayed
and a finer diplomacy exhibited in removing Bryan
ism. The platform, says: "We believe that in the
present campaign attention, should be concentrated
chiefly upon our State government and State legis
lation; its paramount issues are those that relate to
domestic affairs. . In place of colonial imperialism
abroad we offer the people progressive democracy at
home."
In a public letter to which we directed attention
a few days ago Mr. Quincy, the candidate for Gov
ernor, declared that while Democracy would stand
for the laboring classes against capital, the party
should adopt a platform that would be acceptable to
conservatives. As he' was unquestionably consulted
in the framing of the platform, upon which he has
been nominated, it is interesting to note what he
regards as conservatism in the way of State reforms.
There are seventeen of these demands, and by the
chairman of the committee on platforms they were
thus stated in brief:
MASSACHUSETTS DEMOCRACY.
Our .cartoons of Mr. Bryan were legitimate • cam
paign material. He had provoked that style of
graphic argument by his own attacks upon his oppo
nents. He had called them "hogs" and said that his
mission was to put rings in their noses, so that they
could hot root: He hcd characterized a large section
of the republic as "the enemy's country," and by his
forcible pnd fantastic oratory had assumed positions
that were best answerable by ridicule, a weapon that
he often used himself. When told that many Gold
Democrats were following Richard Olney , in his
camp he said: "Had I known that so many were
coming 1 .would have had a large number of candy
fatted calves made with which to reward these re
turning prodigals." In countless instances he used'
the weapons of satire and ridicule in promoting his
political fortunes, and the same weapons were turned
against him, never in malice, but in humorous illus
tration of his peculiarities.
Between such campaign methods and the Exam
iner's steady, stealthy and: malign pursuit of Presi
dent McKinley there was all the difference between a
joke and a murder. He had been elected to a second
term by the largest popular majority ever given to a
candidate for that great office. Neither in his first
candidacy nor his second had he. ever offensively
characterized his opponents. After .his first election
his action was that of President of the whole people.
He invited the South to sit above the salt at the
national table, and commissioned Lee and Wheeler
and restored them to the place in the regular army,
they had resigned to fight for the Confederacy.
Never for a moment did his patience or his amiabil
ity disappear. The Democratic members of Congress
in .personal intercourse found him a considerate
friend, and his popularity with them was as great as
with his own party. In fine, he never said nor did a
partisan thing from his first nomination to the day
of his death to justify the malice with which he was
created by the Hearst papers, and they cannot excuse
nor soften their brutality by reprinting campaign pic
tures which we're humorously intended to reduce Mr.
Bryan's position to its ultimate absurdity.
After. . his second .election President McKinley's
career had a perspective of only four years. He could
not be chosen again. There was no good point nor
purpose in personally assailing and brutally abusing
him. .The Examiner attacks by cartoon and text
were not partisan nor political. They were entirely
personal, directed against the man and intended to
degrade him in the eyes of his countrymen and the
world. They were more than this. They repre
sented him as the enemy of the plain people, the
avaricious destroyer of their happiness, the greedy
robber of their substance, the foolish-minded tool of
their enemies. In all the history of cartoons, from
the days of Gillray to these days, there were never
such incitements to the murder of a man as lay in
the Examiner's pictures. In all the history of lam
poons from the .days of Cobbett there were nevef
printed such reckless, malicious, murder-provoking
lampoons as the Examiner editorials against the
President. Neither the "Cri du Peuple" nor any
other hysterical publication that preceded the French
Revolution ever exceeded the malign influence of the
Examiner against law, government and the rights of
person and property.
All this is of black record, and so black that it
may superimpose the ridicule of others in text and
picture a foot deep upon it, and the black purpose of
it will show through.
IN its efforts to prove some one else as bad as
.itself the Examiner, is quite frantic, and; as usual,
illogical. It is reproducing from The Call cam
paign cartoons of Mr. Bryan^ and tries to represent
them as the same in spirit and purpose as its own
lampoons and cartoons of "Willie and His Papa" and
"The McKinley Minstrels," published persistently
after the campaign was over and up to the very
morning of the day on which the President was shot.
THE FRANTIC EXAMINER.
BAY SHORE ROAD FROM SAN RAFAEL
TO TIBURON OFFICIALLY OPENED
measure at least prove the 'possibility of wireless
telegraphing. J r : • " - % '\u25a0- .
THE SAN FRA^N CISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcasar— "Too Much Johnson."
California— Herrmann.
TJ voll— "Masked Ball."
Grand Opera-house— "Hamlet."
Grand Opera-house— Benefit of Charity Fund of the Asso-
ciated Theatrical Managers, Thursday afternoon, October 17. .
Columbia — \u25a0•Florodora."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. '
Central— "Beacon Lights"." ' ; . ,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. -. • ... i
Kischer' s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Alhambra— Rpyal Italian Band, Sunday evening, October 13.
Sutro Baths— Oi»en nights. • ; ' \u25a0 *
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. *
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palaca Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'3b»
Drunkenness and .all drus habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium. 1839 Polk. •
i Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont*
gemery street. Telephone Main 1341 •SCHOONER IMLfAMA, ON WHICH CAPTAIN SEYMOUR DRIFTED
AROUND IX BERING SEA FO11 MORE THAN T*WO MONTHS AND
"WHICH WAS FINALLY WRECKED OX THE SIBERIAN COAST.
The labor unions missed ' it when they
didn't put Dr. C. C. O'Donnell at the head
of their ticket for Mayor. The parties are
all divided this year, so that he will slip
in and win the rieht for Mayor. * .
The Abbot failed to break the world's wagon
record of 2:05%. Time by ijuarters. :32%. 1:03,
1:35, 2:06V4. • • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .
2:12 class pacing, $1000 (unfinished)— Pinchem '
Wilkes won the third and fourth heats. • Best
time, 2-.1U4. Don Riley won the second and
fifth heats. Best time, 2:10%. Louise G won
the first heat in 2:11. Fred M, Home Circle
J K, Birch Beed, \u25a0 Colonel Oick Thompson,
Junius and La Honda also started. , /
The Transylvania, 2:12 class trotting; $8000—
Onward Silver won the fourth, fifth and seventh
heats. Best time, 2:10%. Susie J won the third
and sixth heats. Best time, 2:]<Hi. Chain Shot
won the first and second heats. Best time,
2:11. Dollle Bldw«I, Neva Simmons, Dolly Dil
lon. Chestnut Klngy All Right and J T. also
started. • - . . .- \u25a0
Futurity for two-year-old pacers, value $1000
—Improbable won the second and third heats
Eefct time, 2:23^. ClaraD won the first heat
in 2:19%. Brother Cooper. Miss McCllntock and
Bobolink Belle - also started.
2:20 class trot. $1000— Colonel Cochran won the
second, third and fourth heats. Best time,
2:14%. Andy E won the first heat in 2:18. Allle
Wood, Dr. Strong, David Harum, LAdy Patchie
J U C and'Meggle C also started.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 10.— Trotting sum
mary:
Captures the Rich. Trotting Event at
Lexington, Ky>, in the Seventh
Heat.
ONWARD STXVEB, FIBST , ,
IN TRANSYLVANIAi STAKES
Roanoka Rye, Honey nnd Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret It " •
Thief Takes $350 From
John Fitzpatrick
of Manila.
A stranger in the city was held up
Tuesday night in the shadow of the Hall
of Justice. John Fitzpatrick, a recent ar
rival from Manila, was the victim.
Fitzpatrick was drinking In a saloon on
Kearny street, near \Vashington,,when he
was accosted by a well dressed young
man, who informed / him that a woman
waa waiting outside to see him. Fitzpat
rick unsuspectingly walked out of the
saloon, followed by . the man who had
spoken to him. As he stood on the side
walk, anxiously looking for the woman
who waa supposed to be waiting for him'.
the stranger grabbed him by the throat
and after choking him" into insensibility
robbed him of his wallet, containing J350
in greenbacks. >
Notwithstanding the fact that at least
a' half . dozen ' people - witnessed the \u25a0 bold
crime, no attempt was made to apprehend
the robber. - ,. ..
As soon as Fitzpatrick recovered he
went to the Central police station and re
ported the robbery to the officer in charge.
Detectives Coleman and Crockett were at
once detailed on the case, but thus far
they have failed to get a trace of the rob
ber. •
: Fitzpatrick describes his assailant as
being about 2»> years of age, rather fash
ionably attired and wearing a small, light
mustache. He is satisfied that he will be
able to identify him in case he is arrested.
New Consuls Recognized.
"Wilfred B. Chapman has been officially
recognized by the Department of State as
Coh3ul for the Netherlands at this port,
and .Victor Manuel Roman as Consul for
Nicaragua. *
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeies $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, Ean Francesco; 261 Soutn
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
LURES VICTIM
FROM SALOON
TO ARRIVE. ,
Steamer. From. ) Due. .
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. ..1
Titauia Nanalmo Oct. 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 12
Aiequipa. ...;.. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 12
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 13
Progreso Seattle Oct. 13
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 13
Homer Humboldt Oct. 13
Kureka Humboldt Oct 14
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 14
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget, Sound Ports Oct. 11
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 14
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct 15
America Maru China and Japan Oct. 15
St. Paul Nome* St. Michael.... Oct. 15
Australia Tahiti Oct. 18
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. • 16
Matteawan — Tacoma Oct. 16
.Santa Kosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct 17
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 18
TJmatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Leclanaw New York via Panama Oct. 20
TO sail.
Steamer. Destination. (Sails.- Pier.
October 11. "
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 3
Mandalay Coquille River 5 pm Pier 8
Memphis Hamburg: & Way. 10 am Pier 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 12.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt .~. 4 pm Pier 28
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 3S
Alameda Honolulu '... 2 pm Pier 7
October 13.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
t-oiut Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 1-1.
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orfd. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt '\u25a0 1:30 p Pier a
October 15.
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia...:. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 1O.
San Pedro Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
October 17.
Rival Willapa Harbor : Pier —
Corona... Redondo & Way., n am Pier 11
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
October 18.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
from Seattle" ~ . ~
Steamer. I . From. • Due.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Ocl 13
D ' r| f?o Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct". 15
Cottage City... Rkaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports Oct 18
City of Seattle. Skagruay & Way Ports Oct" 18
Steamer Movements.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11.
Sun rises 6:14
Sun sets 5:34
Moon rises 5:1S a. m.
ITimel Time Time ITimel
Datel- 1 Ft. (Ft. Ft. Ft.
IL, Wl H W L, W H \V|
11 ... 4:10 1.1 10:41 5.G 4:51 0.8 11:29 5.1
12... 4:40 1.7 11:12 5.6 5:24 0.5
H W L \V H W L W
13 ... 0:11 4.7 5:12 2.0 11:40 5.6 6:U0 0.3
14 ... 0:58 4.6 5:44 2.3 12:04 5.5 6:39 0.3
15.. 1:44 4.4 6:15 2.6 12:30 5.4 7:17 0,3
16 ... 2:30 4.3 6:50 3.0 1:01 5.2 8:00 0.3
17 ... 3:21 4.2 7:31 3.2 1:32 5.0 8:4.3 0.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
These of the executive committee who
attended the meeting were: C. M. Po.st
of Sacramento; J! Betts, C. E. Worden.
W. W. Van Arsdale and J. M. Kilgariff
of this city; J. E. Terry of Shasta; W. S.
Tovis of Bakersfleld; John Schumacher
and Henry Keller of Los Angeles.
It is not yet decided where the coming
field trials of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club will be held. Ccronado is fa
vored by the executive committee, which
met yesterday, but the members of th;>
club are in doubt as to the condition of
the grounds. A committee, composed of
\V. S. Tevis, John Schumacher and Henry
Keller, was appointed to visit the ground
and determine.
The secretary was instructed' to cor
respond with several Eastern judges with
a view to the selection of the most avail
able man to pass upon the merits of the
dogs that are entered for the trials. ' Tho
trials will be held in January.
Merits of Sstters and Pointers May
Be Determined at Coronado.
Large Entry Assured.
FIEI/D TRULLS CLUB
SEEKS SUITABLE GROUNDS
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 1 Merchants.
The Abfcy P?.lmer will lead lumber at Port
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED.
Thursday. October 10.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 82 hours from San
I'edro. with barae in tow.
Stmr MarlDosa, Rennie, 6 days 8% hours
from Honolulu.
Snrir Crescent City, Payne, 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 43 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, 66 hours from San
Diego, via Port Los Angeles 4S hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 40 hours from
Sa n Die~o, etc.
ftmr 'Westport. Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 24 hours from
Bow ens Landing-
Schr Herman, Falkman, 14% days from Ka
dio::.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnsan, 4S hours from Eu
re!i?..
Schr S Danielson, Kelson, 2 days from* Point
Arena.
Sohr Jennie Griffin. Campbell, S hours from
Point Reyes.-
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 10.
Ger stmr Memphis. Jansen, Hambunt, etc;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br Etmr Bristol. Smith, Oyster Harbor: R
Dunsmuir'e Sons 1 Co.
Bark Undaunted, Davidson, Oyster Harbor;
\V A Boole & Son.
Schr Viklne, Montensen, Mazatlan; Win 01-
Hn.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 10.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Astoria end Eu
reka.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, Coquille River.
. U S stmr Albatross, Mosher, cruise.
Ger Etmr Memphis, Janren; Hambursr anu
way jiorts.
Br stmr Bristol, Smith, Oyster Harbor.
Ship Two Brothers. Wilson. Tacoma.
Bark Fresno, Peterson. Port Gamble.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Anderson, Siuslaw.
RETURNED.
Thursday, October 10.
Schr Albion, LarEen. hence Oct 8 for Co
quilie River, returned on account of carrying:
away foremast head in a strone NW gale, 60
miles S\V of the Farallones on Oct 9 at 6 a m.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Maripcsa — Oct 6, 3:31 p m, Jat
2S 42 X. Ion 142 55 w. stmr Sierra, hence 'Oct
3, lcr Sydney.
Oct 7. 9 p m, lat 32 44 N, Ion 136 18 W, stmr
Peru, hence Oct a. for China. ,
June 11, lat 12 N, Ion 120 W— Br bark Haw
thornbank. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per barfre C H Wheeler— On Oct 4 had a
strong XW gale off St George Reef. Barge
tprunR leak and had four feet of water in hold
on arrival.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 10, 10 p m— -Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Wemp»
Bros, from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Arcata.
hence Oct 6.
BALL ARD— Arrived Oct 10— Schr A M Bax
ter, hence SeDt 22.
PORT «LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Allen A. from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct ?. -
Sailed Oct 10— Schr Emma Claudlna, for San
Francisco. j /
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 30 — Br ship Cleomene, from New
castle, Australia.. f
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 10— Br ship Rivers
dale, from London.
Arrived Oct 10— U S stmr Alert, from .
Sailed Oct 10— Schr Azalea, for Eureka, .
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Progreso. for
Baa Fiancisco; Br Etmr Braemar, for Hong
konc.
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Eureka, hence Oct 4.
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Bertha, from Valdez.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 10— Schr C H
Merchant, hence SeDt 21.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 10— Schr
Fearless, from Callao.
Parsed Oct 10— Ship S D Carleton, from
Honolulu, for Tacoma.
NOME— In iwrt Sept 26— Stmrs Arctic and
Newpboy, for Saa Francisco.
\u25a0TACOMA — Arrived Oct 10— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro; schr Luzon, from Santa Rosalia.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived- Oct 10-Schr
Challenger, from Port Townsend.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 10— Barge
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
AVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
« Captures the Money.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— The one har
ness race on the card at Agricultural Park
to-day was a long drawn-out and hotly
contested affair. , It required seven heats
to decide and was the most exciting har
ness race of the meeting. * Midnight took
the fifth, sixth and seventh heats and the
race. La Goleta proved the best In the
running here by beating Rey Dare and
JVleehanus in fast time. Summary:
2:20 pace, purse $700:
Midnight (Donahue) 3' 3 2 2 111
Toppy (Whitehead) 1 13 3 2 2 2
Our Boy's tiister (Bunch) 4 4-113 dis.
Co»ur de I-lnri (Williams) 2 2 d's.
Time— 2:11%, 2:ir,, 2:15, 2:17, 2:20, 2:20, 2:22.
Five and a half furlongs— Myrtle 107 (Mat
thews), 7 to 5; Little Edelweiss 103 (Hoar), h
toi. 2: Georse Gordon 111 (Romero), 5 to 1.
Timr, 1:09',^. Kittle Tozier and Delia Connors
also ran.
Five furlongs, all ag?s— Amasa 114 (Burke),
a to 2: tile.ncoe-114 (Romero), 5 to 2; Barbara
109 (Matthews), 3 to 1. Time, 1:02. Queen
Esther. Shannon Berna, Speculation, Hon.
Pt'ter Sterling and Gracls also ran.
Santa Anita stakes, seven furlongs— La Go
leta 119 (Ransom), 1 to 3; Rey Dare 115 (Ruiz).
8 to 5: Rio de Altar 117 (Hoar), coupled with
La Goleta. Time, 1:27. Meehanus also ran.
Midnight, Driven by Donahue, Takes
the Last Three Straight and
SEVEN-HEAT RACE AT
LOS ANGELES MEETING
The schooner Herman arrived from
Kodiak yesterday after a good run of
fourteen days. She brings lifty packages
of furs for the North American Commer
cial Company.
The German ship Yasco da Gama will
begin loading wheat in a few days for Eu
rope. She has been on the drydock and
put in splendid shape for the run home.
Captain Holdt's many friends, especially
the ladies, will be scrry to hear of his
approaching departure.
The new barkentine Georglana, building
at Eureka for J. Jehnsen, will be ready
for launching in a few weeks.
A new schooner to be named the A. F.
Cotes is being built at Grays Harbor for
J. J. 'ilcKiniion.
The collier South Portland has been
chartered by the Pacific Coast Steamship
< 'ompany and will carry general merchan
dise to the Sound and coal to San Fran
cisco.
"Water Front Notes.
Captain Charles Seymour, who twice
nearly lost his life In Bering Sea, reached
here Wednesday on the steamer Dora.
The story of his narrow escapes was told
in The Call two weeks ago. Seymour was
captain of tbe schooner Imlama and with
a crew of three men he sailed for Unga.
At the latter place he paid off his men
and tied up the vessel. During a north
west gale the Imlama dragged her anchor
and went to sea, taking Seymour with
her. For two months and fifteen days the
Jittle boat was driven around Bering Sea
and finally went ashore about fifty miles
below Atka. All the provisions were lost,
but Seymour got ashore and for two
months and five days subsisted upon shell
fish and whatever birds he could snare.
Finally the Indians found him and car
ried him to Altak, where he caught the
schooner Challenge for Unalaska. At the
latter place he took the Dora for San
Francisco. While drif^ng around Bering-
Sea the British steamer Oopack spoke the
Imlama and offered to take Captain Sey
mour abcard. The latter would not leave
his vessel, however, and the Steamer
\u25a0would not tow her, so they parted com
pany. The Oopack brought the story to
Victoria. B. C, and from there it was
telegraphed to The Call.
Sad Two Narrow Escapes.
To Antwert) — 125.971 lbs mustard seed.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
large shipments of lumber, flour and wheat,
valued at tiS.871, laden on Puget Sound.
The Kosmos line steamer Memuhis was
cleared yesterday for Hamburg and way ports
with a general carcrp vsrued at $S3,763, manl
fest«-d and destined as follows: For- Mexico.
$10,026; Central America, $€7S0; Ecuador, $o?94,
Feru. J41.420; Chile. $18,273; Hamburg, S3220,
Antwerp, S40C0. The following were the prin
cipal exports:
To Mexico— 50 cs 1450 gals wine, 93 eals 94
rs whisky, 5 cs liquors, 42.79S ft lumber, 116
pkgs groceries and provisions, 4 cs drugs, 100
tiasks quicksilver, 8 cs electrical supplies. 3
colls roi»e. 17 cs canned goods. 42 pkgs fruits,
9 cs paints and oils, 10i> bbls flo\:r, 4 cs 640 lbs
dried fruit. 3115 lbs soda. 8 cs dry goods, 1»9
lbs ham, 13 pkgs paste, 3 cs arms arid amuni
tion, 337 Its pplces, C pkgs raisins. 339 lbs nuts,
200 lbs milistuffB, 1 pkff machinery.
To Central America— 10 cs 13uO gals gasoline.
2S,625"lbs malt, 203 lbs hops, 12 bdls yiye and
ritting*. 5 cs stationery, 1C75 ft lumber, 193 lbs
sugar, 7r.O bbls Hour, 10,000 gals coal oil, 4 bbls
pitch, 200 tons coal. 1 pkg machinery.
To Ecuador— 1200 bbls fiour, 2465 gals wine,
20 bxs candles, 130 coils rope, 30 cs whisky, 440
lbs dried fruit, 7 cs canned goods, 3 pkgs gro
ceries and urovicions. 4 cs salmon. .-*p-,v>.
To Peru — 1C2 coil.* rope, :"01 cs canned goods,
27.894 lbs tallow, ."00 lbs cheese, 3069 lbs cod
fish, £4 cs caps and fuse, 22 pkgs groceries and
provisions, i200 railroad ties, 28 gals wine. 1424
lb.« ham and bacon. 11.^27 ctls wheat. 54,510 ft
lumber, 2100 bbls flour. 3*» pkgs machinery,
tr<) lbs borax. 41 cs paint. 3?28 lbs shrimps, 324
cs salmon, 2 pkgs 1443 lbs dried fruit. 2113 lbs
tea, r00 cs powder, 573 pkgs timber.
To Oile— 10 coils rone. 270 lbs tea, 315 cs sal
mcn. 71 C3 cp.nned soods» 350 lbs dried fruit,
5 pkgs groceries and provisions, 43 ctls wheat.
18 ct'.s cats, 202 lbs cheese, 343 bdls pipe and
fitting. 2700 bb!s floi^r.
To Hamburg— 235,165 lbs copra, 27,715 ft lum
ber.
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
The schooner Viking was cleared yesterday
for Mazatlan with cargo to be landed at va
rious Mexican rtorte, valued at $13,620, includ
ing the followine merchandise:
20 cs gasoline, 1 cs drugs, 5 kegs 1S20 Cfe
powder, 44 cs caps and fuse, 16 bales hay,
121. 4S5 ft. lumber, 5000 shingles.
A- Cargo for Mexico.
Gamble for South Africa, CSs; the S. D. Carle
toe, coal at Tacoma for Honolulu.
Sailed Oct 10— Strr.r La Savole, for Havre:
s\mr Aueuste Victoria, for Hamburg; stmr
H H Meier, for Bremen.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 10— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from Npw York, for Havre; stmr Fries
land, from New York, for Antwerp. . ,
QCEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Waes
land. for Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, for New
York: both from Liverpool. '
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Hesperla.
from Mediterranean jiort?.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— bailed Oct 10— Stmr Cambrian,
for Portland. Me; stmr Commonwealth, for
Boston.
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Cymric and stmr Ger
manic, from New York.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Menominee.
for New York.
ANTWERP— Failed Oct 10— Stmr Switzerland,
for Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Rhyne
,<5aro, for New York.
Sailed Oct S— Stmr Orizaba, for New York.
To sail Oct 3— Bark Ceylon, for Port Town
send; bark Fooner Suey, for Chile. Oct 1-Schr
El Dcrado, for Pusret Sound.
HI LO— Arrived Sept 30— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Sept 13.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT NATAL-Sailed Aug 22— Br stmr Ilal
la, for Oregon.
•ACAI-'UIvCO— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr . San Juan,
for San Francisco: stmr San Bias, for Pa-
HONCKONG— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr China,
hence Sept 12.
HARWICH— Arrived Oct 8— Fr bark Fran
cois, hence May 26.
COLOX— Arrived Oct S-Stmr Advance, frcm
New York.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 30— Ship Florence,
from Tacoma. Oct 1 — Schr Irene, from Port
Gamble. Oct 10— Schr Henry Wilson, from
Grays Harbor. Oct 3— Ger ship Sirene, from
Bremen: schr Spokane, from Port Ludlow; Jap
stmr Nippon Maru, from San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 30— Br stmr Coptic, for San
Frar.cisco.
Santa Paula, in tow of tug Rescue,- for San
Francisco.
GRAYS- HARBOR— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr
Newburr, hence Oct 6.
ISLAND PORTS..
The visit was a very delightful one and
the visitors were profuse in their praise
of George W. Bennett.' who has taught
the juvenile members of the band, the su
perintendent and the matron, and John
Tonningsen of the board of trustees, who
as superintendent- of the excursion ex
celled himself in contributing to the com
fort of all who were under his care.
There are now eighty-three residents in
the home, of whom thirty-seven are men,
fifteen women, twenty-one boys and ten
girls. Tho Grand Lodge passed a unan
imous vote of thanks to the board of
trustees, composed of M. W. Charles
L. JPatton, M. VV. William Johnston. W.
Jacob Voorsanper, W. Edward Peabody,
W. Frank Pierce, W. Carroll Cook, W.
John Tonningsen. W. William J. Lan
ders and W. Edwin Whipple, and to the
superintendent rind his wife for the excel
lent condition of the home.
The report of the' trustees shows that
during the year the total receipts reached
$50,595. of which $22,776 was the per capita
tax on the ordor. The total disbursements
leached $26,242. . . i
The officers for the ensuing term will
b"e elected to-day.
Officials Ara Praised.
'The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons of California resumed work yes
terday morning. Deputy Grand Master
John T. Hicks of the jurisdiction of Ar
kansas, who is visiting this city, was pre
sented and received with honors. \u25a0
The greater portion of the morning ses
sion was taken up with the oration of
Grand Orator J. A. Hosmer, which is said
to be<one of the most eloquent ever de
livered before a Grand Lodge.
In the afternoon there were presented
for discussion the reports of the board of
trustees of the-Masonie Home, and of the
committees on finance, grievances, audit
ing and charters, after which the grand
body adjourned until 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
The official visit to the Masonic Homo
at Decoto was made by the Grand Lodge
in a body, and the members were accom
panied by the officers and members of
California Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star, who havij taken a great in
terest in the advancement of the institu
tion. The visitors were received by the
superintendent, Dr. I. R. Akin, and his
wife,, who Js the matron, and then the
boys', band, which was established
through the efforts of California Chapter,
played "America." This band consists of
seventeen youngsters, who have; been fur
nished by the chapter named with silver
instruments, anci the neat uniforms in
which they are \u25a0 attired were presented
by Morris Simlnoff of the same chapter.
Grand Master Foshay was greatly de
lighted with the little musicians, compli
mented them and was particularly pleas
ant in his admiration "of the drum major,
who is about three feet tall. The visitors
were then shown over the home and
grounds, after which lunch was served in
the main hall. This .was followed by a
short programme of songs and recitations
by the children, an address of welcome
by the president of the board of trustees,
C. L». Patton, and a short address by the
grand master, who concluded his remarks
by dropping into song.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u2666
Grand Lodge Pays Visit in
a Body to the Home
at Decoto.
The schooner Albion left here last Tues
day for Coquille River. Wednesday morn
ing it was blowing a gale and when sixty
miles southwest of the Farallones the
schooner's foretop masthead was carried
away. It was impossible to beat up
against the northwester that was blow
ing, so the schooner was headed for home,
arriving yesterday morning.
The schooner-barge C. H. Wilson
started from Xehaiem River on October 4
for San Francisco with a cargo of lum
ber. She was caught in a heavy north
west gale and when off St. Georges Reef
sprang aleak. The pumps were unable to
keep the leak down and she cams into
port with four feet of water in her hold.
She will be discharged and put on the dry
dock for an overhauling. - "
Albion Puts Back to Port.
C. H- Wheeler Springs a Leak and
SCHOONERS IN TROUBLE.
Among those in the cabin was Francis
Murphy, the famous temperance lecturer.
He has been on a tour of the colonies and
Js now returning to his work in the East.
Professor Berger is the leader of the
famous Hawaiian Band. He comes here
for a vacation. Andrew Brown is a mem
ber of the Board of Public Works of
Honolulu. He comes to San Francisco to
got &ome pointers from the Beard of Pub
lic Works.
A. A. Young fs of the Von Hamm-
Voung Company of Honolulu and comes
here on business.
day late owing to detention at the
island port. The mall boat took from
here 201S tons and brought back 1722
of freight and it was the handling of this
mass of cargo that detained the vessel.
Among Tier inward cargo were 14,163 sacks
of sugar. 1335 sacks of rice, 500 sacks
of trait, 796 bales of wool. 4%5 bunches of
bananas, 60 cases of lily roots, 5 cases
betel leaf and 200 cases of honey. After
discharging the Mariposa will go to the
Risdon Iron Works' shipyard to have new
boilers put in and her engines changed
from compound to triple expansion. The
cabf.i passengers on the mail boat were:
O. F. At wood. Dr. R. W. Anderson. Professor
Burger. Judge H. C. Barrows. Mr. and Mrs.
/.n<Jrew trown, J. C. Balrd, H. K. Balrd. Wil
liam Booth, F. Clements. Miss K Dutot \\\
EC Drammond, Mrs. F. Funk, J. Fischel.A. C.
Gehr. A. Gartley; Mrs. M. Graham, child and
mala; Mrs. Joseph Ouerreire and four children,
Iidsar Halstead; Captain D. W. Ketcham. L.
S. A.; Samuel Lever. H. C. Lydecker. Miss
M. E. Lyman, A. Lewis Jr., Mrs. J. W. Me
l>onald. Francis Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. B. F.
McElroy. Miss J. V. fc^ltzer, W. A. Schenk,
Mrs. G. Schneider. Mrs. S. M. Swan and child,
Mr. and Mrs. H. StutJnacrka. Mrs. A. H. Tar-
Irtcn and child. Miss B. Turner. James U Tor
bort and 2 children. Mips A. Wlllard, Mr. anl
Mrs. A. N. AVoodrow and A. A. Young.
. ..V . . . . \ .. .
Oceanic Steamship Company's
I Mariposa arrived from Honolulu
I yesterday, completing her one hun-
JJL dred and second trip. She was a
An Eloquent Effort by
J. A. Hosmer, Grand
Orator.
MASONS LISTEN
TO AN ORATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
Now Goes Into Retirement to Have New Boilers and an Ice Plant
Put' In and Engines Changed From Compound to Triple Expan
sion—Captain Seymour Reaches Home From Bering Sea
STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA COMPLETES
HER HUNDRED AND SECOND TRIP
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For sore throat and pains in the chest
there is no medicine that gives relief so
quickly and does so much good as
Halpruner's Pain Removed There is
nothing like it to drive pain and inflam-
mation from the body— it does it, so
quickly and it does not do you any
harm.
Rub Halpruner's Pain Remover into
the pores of the skin of the throat and
chest, also take a tablespoonful in a
wineglass of water or milk every hour —
you won't have to take it long.
Don't let the druggists talk you out
of Halpruner's. It is prescribed and
compounded to cure your ills and is a
medicine you ought to have. Demand
the genuine
/iblpruner^s
"TO THE PUBLIC— I suffered with a
<cvere sore throat four days after the
:>pera of "Theodora* at the Tivoll Opera-
nous*. I used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Re-
mover as a g-argle and to bathe my neck,
trsd found instant relief; in fact, 1 was al-
most immediately cured and was able to
continue my role in the opera.
"SIGXORIXA IDA VALEEGA
"Prlma Donna, Tix'oll Opera-house."
28 California street, or send to Hal-
pruner Medical Manufacturing Com-
pany (telephone Bush 463), and we will
deliver your orders if your druggist
iocs not keep it. $1 and 50c a bottle.
U size contains three times the quan-
ity of 50c size. '..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0/:..
ADVEBTISBMENTS. •
jf^>>. STRICTLY RELIAB LE.
1^4 iVl iE N
%5^L ONLY!
\l3*i&¥ By t&r tne K reater num-
\u25a0 J V^^JWV * >er of P atIe nt8 seeking- re-
yf *//A >. H*' 'or so-called weakness
"7 1/ «^^wW\ J^ arc 8tron K> robust men in
&y ll k' every other respect. Our
if* ' \ "feJ // -^> theory that Loss of Vltal-
\\ \l\yl // lty ' Prematureness, etc..
n »•'.\u25a0'' JI are not weaknesses, but
the symptoms of Inflammatory processes In the
Prostate Gland (so-called neck of bladder)
caused by contracted disorders and too often
repeated and long continued excitement, is now
beinu adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under our local Dlan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, wnich>we send free on application,
is interesting to any one wishing to study the
anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
k visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
liSUSEUfiS OF ANATOMY?
V Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i ' tr-A^. ""»ld. Weiknes-.es or any enntneted A
Z. {ggt **««,«»«••"••\u25a0••» c«r«* by the oldest f
® flfeMl Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 jears. &
0 tffJKii DR * J0RDAN - D ISEASES OF MEN A
\ I^SSS^S Ccn«u!t»t!on free and strictly private. \
6 B iF'&B Trealment personally or by letter. • A Q
\ 8 W Tl H Potitiw> Cu'eiaerery case undertaken. T
A t 11 110 Write for Book. PDlLOMirnv mt A
"II II m*»t»IA«E. MAILED FREE. (Af
X (£ , (i valnabl e book for mr n ) \
f DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
Six Million Boxes a Year.
In 1895, none; in 1900,6,000,000
boxes; that's Cascarets Candy Ca-
thartic's jump into popularity. The
people have cast their verdict. Best
medicine for the bowels in the world.
All druggists, 10c
THE EMPORIUM. . ' | . 35SE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
% Friday Only. % P'Ji fl^«^ S^^ «» I r. day Only. %
gjergen'sButtcrmik Soap, a n'ce: y ' W^ WOMl^IllCliBe Ba^aafi _^* M oc fi-e qua rv Wirtn* Tablet, in S
%. scented, hard-milird Soap, fr« anl CALIFORNIA'S . LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE h S
9t easy washer, regular' y 4: cake. Special Friday and Satur- _ j linen, satin wove and kiid fi.iish, a rcgu'ar 1 5c v*: U e. Special -^ X
h day . . .%•*>: . . . .' 2S G I to-day (Friday) only SC 5
§ — — i _ " J
xLyozsSHk Velvet 5 7o. Towel Sate* |
H Fridav Only. Friday Only. ]\u25a0
ft? Abcut 6 oo yard: of L-on Silk . Velvet -in such color'njs as emera'd, 2430 Towe's for to-diy*s sprcial selling. They ars a beautifully de- Jl
J£ cerse, sapph' e, dirk old ro;e, reseda, sea', o'ive, slate, bnnze, light s-'gnel bird'eye w-avs, a'l whire, nude of best up'ani cotton, a "J
£ b'ue, Ian, pin>, crange, gobe in, mage.iti, b'utt, etc. Thes: Ve!- sp endid absorbent, good for toilet or ba:h purp jses, sizr 20x39 incre;, , .Jj
tf v.ts are retai ed r gu'arlv at i 1.00 and $1.25 per yard. g~ va ue * r ' 35 * «*cz:n. Oa sprchl rale t3-day (Friiay) only, g%^ X
& On specia' sa'c to-day (Fi ray) only, per jari <**? # %0 \ each , ' ' %jC .X
«C . \u25a0 \u25a0 : : '\u25a0 — ~ "\u25a0" ?
iMSiiinery SpsGfsiis. G hi idr en's Coats $1O New Jackets %
£ Fri'dav end SUurdiv . a n & B^CSSes—New, 4515 A k S
-* . I p j I H * » n *a Fall >S
I *40iBbf $,*£%'£ WPP§ D,«, «.-«,•/•:!- Friday and SatunUv. %
>^a^*^^""??~ m Vev - t Hl > \u25a0 fpK'5&- l 4^§y tine Cheviots, in as- . X
$ chenile crown, gM. -^jjk sortel p'a'd', ined Asserted Jo: o" new, i^Sfj^fi) *
\i laced with shirred W"-*$ throughout; si=rs for A!!- Wool Satin-lire 1 &W5z&L '5
% ®^f1li§ii chiffon, -trimmed J^L as« 4 to U years; Jackets-'iVe P ictcr,; gggSjfeP X
r \ *«§§§?*-^ r *»3- \u25a0 - \u25a0 . • . ' Cve ai lrl pctare. h ga fhnn» collar, *^SS^K2, %
* W&.J&W " Itl d S' nt ll ' lt /<l£SjP\ T--day and Satw- wide pointed r.v;r.-s; <tip •£ %
& \u25a0 1 ~ P br.-aitands»e orn»- l\ '^T \ dav anv s ;« douVe br.-attd and MjrJ^i "5
£\u25a0 V ~ \u25a0 J n eir ' matcrals the / i ° H \ " th: new m -d:um hip tj^faT '^
fi>" V T '/. be ! f ' £ni e I I \ &2mOO length; in b'ack and /<s%^^ S
g n a :ing even b-tt r, / I^O 4 ft A % * mmm * 0 *" ca^or; also a gre;t /\SmMr[ *
:c - u ' 2r b* f H- Sp.- / Aw U^rjAH - Wool Gretchen lot o*' last season's / • ~i i j 5
b > cy. Friday and Sa-.urJay ....-, g- _ V \u25a0 b J / C ° £t F>jrch ' ldrsn finest fini 8 hed$l 2. S o, / / ll X
*! • >^?<*J.%9& VI 1 / i, 2 and 3 yean of JC15.00 an! 518.00/^^ \ o M *
1 H This Czmi.'i- v-vf^^^S^ x^ —- age; c. lore b'ue, tin Jackets, in .ight tanA" 5^ \ * °J
S HarFe't yg^^vPIISk 'MP^rfm^i. and red; fu'lline; large A lat one prite FH- V^/_ A V
|% Hat^Stitch.d /fr " colar;n»afybr,iJed. da/ and Sat. r 'ay, KjE? * « Ji \ 5
* diare J tu" '- C':ik'r.'n'« new Melon Cost— B x tack, braid- f\\ V\W\\\\ \\ \?m J»
£ £1 r'ad^ m^mXW ed eiga and frain: button trlmtnTiiKCBei 4 WQ-«0 and $25.00 'vV>...V.. -^ \ %
to '«*alk awa' 'V^-'^^m W 6> |r ' CC S3.7S; 8 to 10, $4.00; TaHcr DresifS. $15.00 -Assorted lot of fin? J
* with." S ecial & \^§0/ I a to 14, $4 51). Tai or Dr «scj ijn b!ack, na»y and all co"cr,
ST. p.;,( a y - n j y"\ \ inn's fine K-r ; ey Coa's — Storm co""ar in all the Ieaiing it -lej o'tVs and last season; 3tt
S- S* ; urdav ~~^r^?£> aniiufF; new box back; ages 4 to 6, price regu'irly J:o.co aid J25.00; nme wers X
£ «&tf L'fl At^^ $5. SO; 8 to 10, #5 75; I* to 14, even higher. Friday ani « = *•*• 3
ft' <^,7«4j(Lr , /fr r $7m25i Saturday specia! at &lOaUU S
| Ftvs Good Values in |
I Mmd*® mstiil Boys* Siylish Fail dothing. %
| a^ Men's $15.00 and Sf 7.5 O Suits I
' ** 8 *^ 7 sr's&ylL T^y 4&$9 d/L^S .Made of all-wool fancy worstsds; neat, rough gp-sj. j{
' l it >££/ %*&W "^r-4 tpB^m-V-P c h-v. : ots, Viiped cassimeres, and blue and black r^T S
&° y^A chev'uts n a'l the new co'or ngs: gr en, brown 2nd gray, ani fancy J^-^ %
*• 1 'V > N r *^fiS^( / jr^' f\ rn'xtur-j; s'lown in the n w military cut, or the rrguaton cut <oit; x|»y^ )f
K (\ > / y\f^^l I I \ Tnings and fittings of the very be t; a 1 new : all goods; sold r -gu arly //^^^ f\ *
X- I \ " Y/i/ at |i 5.00 and {17:50. Special Friday and Satur- o y- — / I ff ( 1 {*
*£ ' . WW day only 9* JC.iFO _ Ll S
I ' I i/T' " U! Men's High -Grade Overcoats UmG^) «
tt Q*/ \ 4S#9 A^% Tne n:w 'xnz Coat, made of all-woo! chevi t<, JT \f\ . ••
If /I V \fc I '' L *&**•*"*\u25a0+* wonteds and keis-ys; in black, bu;, OaforJ f ]} S
K W^r—^| 7"^^ I J I f^l a- d green j; an exce, ton il selection of fire overroanngs, latest fash- \u25a0 S
§ nil !/ ' *us\ ions, cut extra long, with slash pockets, linings and trlmmi'gs of ihe j jj
ti I // y^ I bts', made to icl at $15.00 aad 117.50. For Fri- _ JtES \u25a0 S
J» I I/ ' / I I day and Saturday only .' 9*^m^rO x
*> I w\\^ Men's Pants— \u25a0$<; kind....... $2.68 [ J |
•I /^e^KwfC Young Men's Overcoats $4.65- f X[\\ S
Jo / [I /ir r -<-^ Sz '' Suvlill? v^ Fir boy* 14 to 20 yrais of ?gT, made of a 1-wcol chev o:« and cass:- J j L?i, r 9.
A' /*^^sl— J^' Ig^^r" ' mre3, in neat rark coorings, cut extia long, Jatejt fall and wint r >£a-^5^ %
ill" ?Z^£3^ — • s^ j/^Jrii it /les, well lined ; nd trimmrd, made to sell fcr $7.50. _ Of '^
g> V- Special Friday and Saturdiy «4r.Od X
$ Boys' $4,00 2-PieTseSuiis $2.98-^ j fjjjj* %M&^*§i»!k *
X Thi'.et cloth. These ruts are made with double-br.-astW coat and l-n?e p,nt , rrgu'ar f4.oo va ues. Special Fri Jay anl OJJ 5
f £ * of ag- t regaar J7.50 vaue Special Fridir ani Saurda/ at X
Iff- "'.'. — — ! ~~ "?
\$ Men's S3.5O Shoes N'ght Lamp 39s. Men's Furnishings. J
\% J-ruiav Only. &, Fruizy and Saiurdav. X
, zSf^.^3. This dainty nicke-pated B Men S Ncc.iwear-A lot of goo's bought at a §
*» • FlidaV Only. B\bv Ceveland' Hall s*$3)l^ 8tc >: Mtr;fi «, X
K ... „. , . . or Ni?hi Limp, can -W S&yJ&h composed of *
£C j^r^m c ° i T ? ?2J ?? ; , Pa " be P a:e 1 on a nb'e or $*> /&>&W Teck *» Puffj X
I I WABoxpii Lace Shot', n ;W modern . Jealcr. at S oc; special I ife^, a 1 of fine qua'- 5
lK L' GSLb*. toe and tip, Goodyear tj _ (F^diy) -on'y, ffiSEr\ : yZWiK «/ silk; st r ish j«
P: rV ffi^k. wct ' cxt?nson socs » -a« • TBkP \J u E -to-da-e pat- S
$ L\w«- al1 s;zes and wWt «« . 39c |F teins - Th; » » S
* %>>J^*"' WK regular y $3.50. /T\£>/ KV^Cr^ positive'y th: £
gliMliiiiiS^ JonlmdOoU93c. %
f &£m57 j&?s Friday Onh. /^^D^VLW>\ everoff;Icl ' €
s — J&k Gcod quaUty Pjpicr r 'Sfr I 4«£ I
I House FurMJshlngs, #S^ ? ? mt Joimed \SV F J£* adS *~ 3
$ u h -\u25a0 TT n^ t .. WIWU i Cn V haS a fiDC tisquC Tvo Lots oI ' Mcn ' s Undcnrcar. J
h Mop Hande ard Mo:> Cloth — T.ie b s: '-IV X }-cad showing teeh i * . %- i .1 j j & \u25a0 < j X'
* grade Mop Hande, ,i h spring attachment, W ? JA ,S n(T °',, I' Ut I-Natural gray, we'l mad, and fin .«d, j
* fit:d with an a l-cott3:i Mop C.oth, a very /| / „ \ eyes, cur.mg good hravy w'ntsr wtijht, regu- mmg*^ 9.
s:rvic:abe artk'c, regubr'.y 25c; tf _ 6^--~r^/ mohair wif, and drcsstd Iarly $1.00; sprcial sa e price OOC J
K spec a', to-day (Frday) ors'y bQQ |T1TT in pretty chemise, regu- Lot 2— L:ght tan of tame c!a s of gools, have jj
|cu:t Bru 5 h, H.'ndkd-h* all brin'e, dark V special to-' |
v Z wcxv.Kx c izm ? \c*Avst\Tu<.h,f ln cv,o.&, Uti day only 93c Men's Ffanne!ette Nightshirts'-Made of a «
fc l back P ilish:d, marcoatn-el, r.-gu ar.y 50c, ; good qulity F. ann , ktte) wcll ffi ade aal 3f
I nd :^ y 33g Liquor Specials. t-M^M^. 37c %
*T Siucepjn-A-- K : c< and Rye or ,Rum and Rye-Ju« the -j
J • k qurt bis: qua it, '°r co-ds; never before so'd at thi« Rutft*B* *
I" t^^^T enameled wa,e £«^* 75= a bott e; f pe- M9UWZff~0 X
*W=WS saucepan, .stra^ 3C Fancy Firkin— 2 lbs....^Sc 1
i S m lie., cover ani haniV, a good Wood A coho - For burnng purpcies, reju- Soda C r8deri-Fr sh and cr'sp; V % box* $
\ S.-. \% v famil . v s ' z \u25a0» Kgu'frlr 45c; spi- Jar y S*;*S a e alt °n; «P«ial to-day....90 C « .3BO 5
U^^-. '-=3 cialto- a/ (Friday) 9 Mullcr Freres' XXX Cognac— Very old, reg- Asparagus -Thj large 'white " kini;^ per t.a «
J£ only ............ *9<9G u arly J1.40 a bottl-; tpicial to-day.^/, fQ m 2tSo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
tS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVlOOitA-
tor and Nervine.
Th« moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both sexea.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th* K14>
uey* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER. ALFS A BHUSE. Ascnts.
»3 Market *t.. S. F.— <S«ad tor Circulars.}the aged president, accompanied by the
apostles, campaigning all portions of the
State and Southern Idaho. The effects
were quickly noticeable, and within three
years after . President Snow assumed of
fice the church was in a better position
financially than it had been at any time
subsequent to the death of Brigham
Young.
cations made under the operations of the
Edmunds-Tucker act. President Snow
immediately authorized bond issues ag
gregating $2,000,000, with the proceeds of
which he paid off the most pressing debts
of the cfiurch and arranged for the re
funding of others at a much lower rate of
interest. Following this came a great
crusade in favor of the payment of tithes,
REDDING, Oct. 10.— Thomas G. Parker,
resident member of the San Francisco
firm of Boardman & Co., which is build
ing up Boardman's addition to Redding,
announces that he is prepared to settle
the fight over the cutting down of the
California street grade here to the grade
officially established. This business street
rises to a summit within two blocks. For
several years the progressive element has
tried to bring down the street, but abut
ting property owners have assessed their
damage at a high figure and tiave man
aged to postpone the improvement. On
the west side of the street is the rail
road reservation and it is through the rail
road that Parker proposes to accomplish
the lowering of the street.
Bedding Grade to Be Cut Down.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 10.-H. L. Jessen. a
blacksmith, purchased a ring for $2 from a
stranger a.t Aptos, supposing it to be of
gold. He found is to be brass and the
stranger refused to return the money.
Jessen struck him twice and the stranger
gave the blacksmith a severe beating and
escaped. •
Stranger Injures a Blacksmith.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— The trial of
L. G. Klein, a convict at Folsom prison,
charged with the murder of Henry Miller,
another convict, on May 17 last, was be
grun this morning before Judge Hart In
the Superior Court. Miller was struck on
the head by Klein with a piece of Iron
pipe used as a handle. Both men were
in for burglary in the second degree.
Convict on Trial for Murder.
Two routes are under consideration for
the road, which is designed to compete
with the White Pass and Yukon Railway.
The first would be to foNow the banks
of the Yukon in the vicinity of "White
Horse and then parallel the line of the
White Pass road to the mountain ranee
and reach salt water over the Chilkoot
Pass or the White Pass, the former to
Dyea and the latter to Skaguay. The al
ternative route would run along the Yu
kon to Fort Selkirk and from that point
strike off along the line of the Dalton
trail and eventually pass the coast range
through Chilkoot Pass i and drop down
into the valley . the Chilkoot. still fol
lowing the general trend of the Dalton
trail till salt water is reached at Pyramid
harbor.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 10.— The
statement is published here that there are
now In preparation plans for a railway
from Dawson to salt water on Lynn
Canal. The promoters of the scheme are
said to be residents of Dawson.
Residents of. I>awson Said to Be
Planning a Line to Salt
"Water.
COMPETING RAILROAD
PROPOSED IN ALASKA
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 10.— A dispatch
from Monterey, Mexico, says W. H.
Mealey, the prominent American mining
man, who was arrested heTe yestreday
morning on a trivial charge growing out
of the litigation as to the legal owner
ship of the famous Norias de Bajan mine*,
is still closely confined In prison. His
friends throughout Mexico are hard at
work trying to secure his release. Le
gal counsel has been retained in SIealey'9
behalf and the whole affair has been laid
before Embassador Clayton and the Sec
retary of State at Washington by wire.
Mealey's friends allege that his arrest i3
persecution. They assert that an offer
was made to-day to release him If he
would relinquish all "claim to the Noria9
de Bajan mines. Inasmuch as th-sso
mines are valued at nearly $2,0OO,C0O
Mealey refused the offer. Mealey re
cently announced that he proposed to pro
sent a claim against the Mexican Gov
ernment for $2,000,000 damages to the Sec
retary of State of the United States for
alleged ill treatment. Because of tliis
declaration on his part his arrest oc
curred yesterday.
Intends Filing a Claim for Heavy
Damages Against the Meadcan
Government
MINE OWNER MEALEY
STTLIi H v f r.n PBISO1TER
Harry Armltage Croker sold to Henry
Waterhouse & Co. $100,000 worth of Hilo
Railroad Company bonds yesterday. The
proceeds will go for extending the ter
minal to the wharf at Hilp and for other
permanent improvements /of the line.
Heavy rains have fallen in the island of
Oahu within the past forty-eight hours,
and it. is hoped the storm may have
reached the parched regions of Hawaii.
Sugar planting stocks continue at a low
ebb. People here think it hard that those
abroad cannot realize that only two dis
tricts are in a bad way out of the score of
distinct localities where the cane is flour
ishing with promise of heavy returns.
A proposition has been broached,, but
has taken no tangible form, to erect a
statue to President McKinley in the Cap
itol grounds at Honolulu by public sub
scription.
It is reported here that the North Ger
man Lloyd Steamship Company is about
to extend its lines to Honolulu. This
company Is said to have made arrange
ments whereby it will extend its system
to San Francisco from Hongkong, thus
encircling the globe. Honolulu is stated
to be intended as a port of call. -s
United States District Attorney J. C.
Baird is again seriously ill and leaves to
day for the cor.st. He had just returned
from a trip East for his health, but was
stricken again after he came here.
The Republican makes a long and bitter
attack upon Governor Dole on account of
the form of hie announcement of a day
of mourning in jr.emory of the late Presi
dent. As issue*! it was signed by his
chief clerk. Governor Dole is criticized
for not Issuing a proclamation signed by
himself.
Hawaii's need of a cable was never more
emphasized than by the experience of the
rountrv with the news of the death of
President McKinley. The late President
was shot and had died before the people
of Honolulu know anything of the occur
rence at Buffalo. The first news of the
attack on the President was received
here September 17, after McKinley's
death. . *
HONOLULU. Oct. 3.-Captain C. O. So
dergren of the bark Hesper has returned
to Honolulu to serve out a sentence of six
months' imprisonment at hard labor for
cruelty to a sailor on the high sea. Cap
tain Sodergren went to San FTancisco
with the avowed intention of taking an
appeal from the United States District
Court here to the Circuit Court of Ap
peals at Kan Francisco, but he abandoned
ihe proceeding ant' came back to serve
his senterce. Sodergren is a well-known
ship master and was a large owner in the
Hesper. He was her master at tht, time
of the mutiny several years ago, on ac
count of which two men were hanged in
California.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Oct. 10 (via
Haytian cable).— The British Royal Mall
steamer Eden arrived here to-day from
La Guaira. Venezuela, and brought the
following reliable story: -
Last Sunday night fifty sailors from the
German cruiser Vineta became engaged
in a street row at Porto Cabello with the
local populace. Police in civilian clothes
interfered, siding with the inhabitants,
and the fight became general, the Ger
mans makins their way toward the
whsrf, where' they boarded the German
steamer Valesia, moored at that place. In
the meantime two petty officers of the
Vineta, who were sober and who were
waiting at the wharf to take the Vineta's
boats, were attacked by the police. They
resisted and the police wounded them
badly with their swords. All the Ger
mans ashore were unarmed. The wound
ed petty officers were carried on board the
Va'.esia by members of the Valesia a
crew, the populace and police still attack
ing them with stones and sticks. The
mob then tried to board the Valesia, but
were' prevented from so doing by the cap
tain and crew of that vessel. In the
meantime the captain of the Valesia had
signaled to the Vineta, which was in the
harbor, the perilous condition of the Ger
mans, and the Vineta. sent a boatload of
thirty armed men to the Valesia, which
they boarded by the side opposite the
wharf, not landing on Venezuelan soil.
The mob, estimated to number 1200 per
sons, was still acting in a threatening
manner and fired a few shots. The com
mander of the Vineta's boat ordered his
men to perform the motions of loading,
but not to introduce cartridges into their
rifles. Hearing the rattling of the breeches
of the rifles the mob disappeared rapidly
in all directions.
Considerable excitement prevailed at
Porto Cabello when the Eden sailed.
It is said that the Venezuelan Govern
ment is putting the blame for the affair
upon the Germans and has requested ths
German Minister to apologize for the sail
ors' conduct. ' „
It is believed at Caracas that the Ger
man Minister intends to ask Venezuela to
apologize.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 10.— A great ftra
took place yesterday afternoon on the
Central Faciflc Railroad at Emigrant
Gap, when 250O feet of snowsheds wa3
burned down. The fire started at 3:13
o'clock, and is supposed to have been
caused" by some careless person throw
ing a burning cigar or cigarette
against the dry timbers of the sneds. The
flames traveled through the sheds wiih
The railroad station. including the
freight shed, the telegraph station ana
the section-house, were burned to tno
ground. "There was a loud explosion dur
ing the fire, and it is supposed to have
been caused by dynamite stored in the
'rhe'fire paralyzed traffic on the Central
Pacific. All freight trains, eastbound and
westbound, were stopped. The flier and
the overland train whlcn left this c'.ty
about noon yesterday were held up at
Blue Canyon, and the overland train
which left Sacramento last night was aiso
held up at that place.
The work of rebuilding the sheds will
be started at once, so that they can be
completed before the heavy snowfall sea
son starts in.
Late information concerning the fire
says that the loss to the railroad com
pany will reach J40.C00. In addition to the
burning of the sheds and buildings ona
carload of powder, one car of hay. ona
carload of lumber and two fiat cars wera
burned. Fire trains were dispatched to
the scene from Blue Canyon and Cisco,
but when they arrived the damage huit
been done. _ ,
Martin Arenz, the agent at Emigrant
Gap, succeeded in getting out the office
records and the signal instruments, but
his telegraph instruments were destroyed.
The telegraph wires were burned down,
but within ten minutes after he had de
serted the burning office Arenz had muda
connection with the outside world over a
telephone* line.
A great force of laborers was put to
work immediately laying ties and putting
in new rails where needed over the burned
district and trains were moving again by
7 o'clock this morning-.
Loss to Railroad Company
About Forty Thousand
Dollars.
Master of the Bark Hesper
Will Labor Hard for Six
Months.
General Weed devotes a good part of his
report to a statement of ihe resultb .at
tending the tests of the artillery in forti
rtcations left by me Spanish, ana sum
marizing these he says:
"The behavior of tne guns and carriages
was ratner better than was expectea by
the artillery ouicers."
The old canteen issue is revived in this
report through a substitute" sub-report
furnished by Inspector General Burton.
lie says that the exchange is a. great com
fort to the soldier in Cuba, who is de
prived ot many ot the comtorts Known to
him at home. The officers generally com
plain that the elimination ot beer from the
exchange has worked a hardship on the
soldier and has been detrimental to good
order and military discipline.
General Burton has some interesting
recommendations to submit, based upon
the experience of the American soldier in
Cuba. For instance, he says that the cav
alry pistol is too small in caliber; it has
no stopping power, though it carries
unnecessarily far. The general recom
mendation of the service is that the cali
ber be increased above 45. rather than de
creased, and that it be given a range of
75 or 100 yards for effective work. Except
for its shock action, the pistol is of little
service. The saber should be enameled
with bicycle enamel, as should all metal
parts of the equipment, to resist the rust,
which rapidly destroys steel and iron in
Cuba. The cavalry boot is shunned by all
soldiers, and it is recommended that it
be abandoned. The khaki leggings are
unsatisfactory: they hunch at the ankle,
are not durable and must be laced too
tight. If a leg-ging is to be worn at all,
it should be an English leather legging.
The campaign hat has no proper place in
the army in tropical climates. At any
rate, it should be made of much better
material and lighter. Finally, Colonel
Burton recommends a complete revision
of the cavalry drill regulations, which are
severely criticized.
WASHINGTON. Oct. lO.-Tne War De
partment has made public the annual re
port of Major General Leonard Wood,
commanding the Department of Cuba, for
the last fiscal year. General Wood says
the conduct of the American troops in
Cuba continues to be excellent, and com
plaints against them from civil authori
ties and individuals are extremely rare.
The total number of deaths oi officers and
enlisted men during the year was sixty
seven, a percentage ot less man J..25. lei
iow lever has now been almost driven
from the island, owing 10 me energetic
war upon the mosquitoes ana me sanitary
precautions auopted. However, during
me past summer live ouicers ot General
Wood's stall were taken nl with yellow
lever and three of them dieu. Among the
headquarters employes there were lorty
eigfat victims of yellow lever, with eleven
deaths.
General Wood Files an Inter
esting Report With War
Department.
Great Excitement Prevails
and Venezuela May Be
come Involved.
President Snow, during his life, was the
husband of nine wives and the father of
forty-three children. Three of his wives
are still living.
President Snow -will be known as the
business president of the Mormon church.
His first moves after his promotion to
the head of the church were all of a
financial nature. The church had been
b&dly crippled financially by the confis-
Lorenzo Snow was born in Mantua,
Portage County, Ohio, April 3, 1814, receiv
ing a classical education at Oberlin Col
lege. He became a convert to Mormon
ism in 183a and immediately began prose
lyting. Since then he has been one of the
most active and prominent members of
the church organization. He has been on
numerous foreign missions, the most im
portant being that to Great Britain in
1840, where he became president of the
London conference.
In 1S4S, at the head of a train, of one
hundred wagons, he made the overland
trip from Illinois to the present site of
Salt Lake City, and in all the work of
founding and building up of this city he
has been a leader. For thirty years, com
mencing with 1S52, he was a member of
the Territorial Legislature, chiefly as pre
siding officer of the upper house. In 1855,
with fifty famines, he founded and named
Brigham City, in Northern Utah, which
was his home for many years. In 1886,
during the agitation against the practice
of polygamy, he was convicted of unlaw
ful cohabitation and sentenced to three
terms of six months each, but later was
released on a writ of habeas corpus. On
September 13. 1S98, he was chosen presi
dent of the church in succession to Wil
ford "Woodruff.
President Snow leaves a large family,
the members being scattered throughout
the world. AH have been notified of his
demise. /
The church authorities became alarmed
at his condition early yesterday and most
of the leaders, together with such mem
bers of h}s family as could be summoned
by telegraph and otherwise, remained In
the sick chamber until the end.
The news of President Snow's death
caused a great shock to the entire com
munity and is deeply deplored by all
classes, for he was regarded as a broad
minded, generous-hearted Christian, who
desired the upbuilding of Utah as well
as the progress of the Mormon church.
President Snow's death dissolves the
first presidency, of which he was the
head, his two councilors being Joseph F.
Smith and Rudger Clawson. Until his
successor is chosen, which may not be
until the annual conference next April,
the leadership of the church will devolve
upon the council of twelve apostles, of
which body Mr. Smith is. the" recognized
head. Unless death should come to him
in the meantime Mr. Smith will be the
next president of the church.
The church leaders will probably meet
to-morrow and make arrangements for
the funeral.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 10.—Loren
zo Snow, fifth president of the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints, better known as the
Mormon church, died rather un
expectedly at his private residence, the
historic Bee-Hive House, at 3:35 o'clock
this afternoon, after an illness that had
been alarmingly serious only since yes
terday. The immediate cause of his death
was. hypostatic congestion, superinduced
by aggravated bronchitis. Several weeks
ago President Snow contracted a cold. He
was at his desk, however, attending to
business' as late as Tuesday. Yesterday
morning he was suddenly seized with a fit
of vomiting, which continued at intervals
throughout the day. Last night his phy
sicians were called and remained in con^
stant attendance until death came.
Returns to Honolulu to
Serve Out a Heavy
Sentence.
Fire at Emigrant Gap
Causes a Delay in
the Traffic.
American Troops in Cuba
Almost Free of the
Dread Disease.
Lorenzo Snow, Fifth President
of the Latter Day... Saints,
Most Unexpectedly Stricken
Two Officers of Cruiser
Vineta Wounded at
Porto Cabello.
YELLOW FEVER
FAST DYING OUT
CRUEL CAPTAIN
GOES TO PRISON
MOB ATTACKS
GERMAN SAILORS
TRAINS SIOP
BEFORE FLAMES
DEATH'S HAND IS LAID UPON
CHEF OF THE MORMON CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
THE LATE LORENZO SNOW, FIFTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH
OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS, BETTER KNOWN AS
THE MORMON CHURCH, WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
8
JEBBBBlreaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBlBBBHBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBH
, . g
I ' "GRAUSTARK," the story of a Love , I The dramatic rights for the United States |
g Behind a Throne, by George Barr Me- , Mil TT^ I ave een so^ to iss a H^ bannering, v |
I Cutcheon, brother of JohnT. McCutcheon, 1 11 j~^ 1 w.ho will produce it during the coming 1
I is the most remarkable novel issued since Km Km | season. The dramatic rights for Great 1
g . "Trilby." . ., . . ' J 1 Britain have been sold to Mr. Fred Terry |
| It is the fourth best selling book in gy k IV T S an dMissJuliaNeilson,who will also pro- 1
. I this country ; it is the best selling book in r\k i^i 1 uce ** during the coming season. No |
I the Dominion of Canada; and a large m.k 1 novel since "Trilby" has been dramatized |
I edition has been sold in England. 'I for both countries and published in all three. ' |
j | 1 1— \u25a0----, - ll . UBMJIMM j ml^^ iLil^M^UMMiMILUI^^ HI I \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0!\u25a0!\u25a0 \ ' **
I s . The exclusive right'to publish this story serially in. San Francisco has been secured by The Sunday Call, and the first installment will appear Sunday, October 13. «
i S 'No such x privileg:e has been secured by a newspaper in years. Be sure'to get a copy of next Sunday's Call and read the first installment. 8
«BUBBHBBIMUBHBBBBBHBBBBHBBa«HBBBBaHBaBBUHHFailing to Make Dents in Pretty Widow's
Heart, Harry Carroll Marcus, an Oil Spec
ulator, Makes an Attempt to. End It All
TRIES TO END HIS LIFE
WITH DOSE OF LAUDANUM
PRETTY WIDOW THROUGH LOVE
FOR WHOM AN OIL SPECULA
TOR TOOK LAUDANUM.
Judge Hunt annulled the marriage of
J. W. E. Allen and Clara H. Allen yes
terday. Allen claimed that when he asked
Mrs. Allen to become his wife she was
posing as the widow of a man named
Nickels, and said that the little girl who
was with her was Nickels' daughter. Al
len claimed that she deceived him; that
she never \u25a0was married, and that no such
person as Kickels ever existed.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to John M. Breen from Mary Agnes
Breen for desertion. Catherin B. Allen
from Peri E. Allen for desertion, Viviana
McMenamen from Daniel McMenamen
for desertion. Josie Jones from Frank E.
Jones for desertion. Celeste Haskins from
Arthur Haskins for cruelty. Johanna
Kennedy from John F. Kennedy for cruel
ty, Eila C. Bowers from Charles O. Bow
ers for cruelty and Ky Emerson Lapham
from M.ay M. Lapham for statutory
grounds.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Joseph H. Dorsey against Isabella
Dorsey for desertion and Charalabers
Kapaneras against Caterina Vaselato
Kapaneras for desertion.
Mrs. Lotta Covell is suing George F.
Covell for divorce on the ground of cruel
ty. Covell Is a well-known vineyardist of
Kings County and is possessed of consid
erable means. The couple' were married
in August. 1S93, and since that time, Mrs.
Covell alleges, her husband has found so
much fault with her that the worry
caused her by his actions causes her great
mental suffering. A restraining order was
issued by Judge Dunne temporarily en
joining Covell from disposing of anv of
his property.
E. A very McCarthy, the prominent
young society man, who filed a suit for
divorce against his wife a few weeks ago.
in which he alleged that his spouse had
deserted him, is not to win his suit with
out a contest. Mrs. McCarthy's answer
to her husband's complaint was filed yes
terday. She denies her husband's allega
tion that she deserted him.
Pearl E. McPike. wife of Dr. Charles
McPike. a prominent dentist of 'Vallejo.
filed a suit for divorce yesterday, in which
ehe alleges that her husbanfl has treated
her in an inhuman anfl cruel manner.
She claims that three months after her
marriage to McPike in 1S99 he applied
\Ue and abusive language, to her, and *n
Slay. 1S99, ha took her by the throat
choked her and threatened to kill her. On
another occasion, she alleges, he kicked
her on the leg so brutally that she was
lame and sore for several days. She fur
ther alleges that In September, 1900, he
went on a yaehtlng trip and returned
from the cruise very drunk and quarrel
some and went to his home, where he
proceeded to throw the furniture about,
swear at her and threaten to kill her. On
this occasion she became so frightened
that she left the house and took refuge at
the house of a neighbor.
Lillian McCarthy Denies the
Charge That She Deserted
Spouse.
Dr. Chas. McPike's Wife
Says He Threatened
to Kill Her.
CLAIMS HUSBAND
ACTED BRUTALLY
EXPOSITION PI*A!NNEI>
• . IN OREGON'S METROPOLIS
PORTLAND, Oct. 10.— Articles of in
corporation of the Lewis and Clark Cen
tennial and American Pacific Exposition
and Oriental Fair were filed with the
County Clerk this afternoon. The main
business of the corporation, the articles
state, shall be to hold an American Pa
cific Exposition and Oriental Fair and an
exhibition of the Industries, arts, manu
factures and products of the soil, mine
and sea in the city of Portland, Or., dur
ign the year 1905, to be State, interstate,
national. American and Oriental in its
character.
The capital stock is $300,000, divided into
30,000 shares of $10 each- The incor
porators are sixty-seven | of the best
known business and professional men of
Oregon.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 10.— An un
known man, stealing a ride on the brake
beam of a Southern Pacific freight train
was killed at an early hour this morning
at East Colton. The body was terribly
mangled and minus a foot and an arm
Coroner Wesley Thompson made a search
for the arm and foot, but failed to find
them, and from, the fact that persons this
morning saw a pack of dogs making
across a field where the accident occurred
it is supposed that the missing members
were carried off by the dogs.
Train Crushes Him. to Death.
STOCKTON, Oct. lO.-This was the last
day of the twenty-first annual session of
the Central Baptist Association of Cali
fornia.. A prayer and praise service, led
by the Rev. W. A. Chapman, opened the
day's proceedings, after whiqh the Rev
E. R. Bennett delivered an address on
"Our Convention Work." He- was fol
lowed by the Rev. James \u25a0• Damant on
"Publication and Bible School Work "
after, which the Rev. AJ. Slaughter spoke
upon the subject of "Baptist Progress
and Literature." The morning session
closed with an address by the Rev. D. P
Ward, his theme being > "The New
Preacher."
Baptists End Their Session.
It may not be announced that all Interests
absolutely agree that the new corporation
either has been organized or is" to be immedi
ately organized. The situation in this respect,
in fact, may be condensed as follows:
First— Hill interests state positively that the
company has not only been organized, but
deposits of Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific stock have been freely made.
Second— Harriman Interests assert that the
company has been formed to take over the
control of Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific stock, but the present intention Is to
confine the operations to controlling the Great
Northern only; and that the Northern Pacific
matter will be taken up later.
Third— Morgan interests claim that there
Is nothing- definite in the entire report, and
that nothing actually has been accomplished.
Fourth— Rockefeller interests say the plan
thus far is one drawn entirely by J. J. Hill
and :that it has not yet received Morgan's
approval.
NEW YORK, Oct. lO.-The Journal of
Commerce to-morrow will say:
The first definite Information of the long
awaited plans to finance the Northern Pacific-
Great Northern-Burlington deal— and an Im
portant Indication also of "community of in
terests" finances— came to light yesterday
(Thursday) in the announcement that a large
corporation has been or Is soon to be organ
ized for the sole purpose of owning a
in the two companies first named. . As tho
companies own the Burlington the transaction
means the control by the new corporation of
that road also.
On the train were many section men.
They were thrown from, their seats, but
none were 'badly hurt. It required four
hours to clear the wreckage from the ad
jacent main track and repair - the rails.
The south-bound California express was
held at Cottonwood until the way waa
clear. ' "•
REDDI1CO, Oct. 10.— A railway collision
occurred at Hooker Station, ten miles
above Red Bluff, this mornine, in which
cars were demolished and the trainmen
and a section crew escaped serious in-
Jury by the sheerest luck.
A double-header work train, unable to
check itself, pitched into seven freight
cars and destroyed them. The heavy work
train which moves the large crew of men
employed on. the Red Bluff division, was
running up from the gravel beds to make
the siding: at Hooker to allow a south
bound train to pass- The work train was
behind time and two locomotives -were
puHlng- It along at unusual speed. There
is a down grade into H&oker and the work
train ran on . this in fast time and
straight on the sldine.
Away down the side track stood seven
box and flat cars with various cargoes.
John Armstrong, in charge of the first
engine, pulled at the air brake, but It
failed to respond.. The men in the en
gine saw the impending danger, but dared
not leap. The work train struck the cars
with a terrific concussion that tore every
one of them to pieces and scattered the
wood and steel and contents in every
direction. Both engines were. lifted off the
rails. The boiler of one blew out, but
the men in the cab sprang as the shock
came and escaped with a few cuts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Corporation Organ
izes to Control Two
Eastern Lines.
Disastrous Collision on
the Line Near Red
Bluff. \u25a0 ;
RAILROAD DEAL
NOW UNDER WAY
WOMAN PLACES GIRLS
IN A DANCE HALL
Warrant Out for Arrest of Mrs. Pau
line Hughes on a Charge of
Vagrancy.
Alice and Mary McGontele, 15 and 16
yeai-s of age respectively, appeared in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. They were
arrested Wednesday night In Joe Selby's
dance hall, 624 Pacific street, by Police
man Nelson. They, told the officer that
they had run away from their home, at
150 Tehama street about i a week ago at
the instigation of Mrs. . Pauline " Hughes,
who lives next door to them, and that Mrs.
Hughes had got a position for them in
the dance hall." They said she called there
every night and got all the money they
had made. :
The girls repeated the story to the Judge
and he Instructed Policeman Nelson to
swear to a complaint charging Mrs.
Hughes with vagrancy. The girls were
ordered detained in the custody of the
matron at the City Prison till they could
give their evidence against Mrs. Hughes.
Jennie Edmunds, the woman from Red
Bluff who was induced by John W. Eu
banks, a married man, to lead a life of
shame, was' sent back to her home yester
day. Judge Fritz and several other sym
pathizers made up a fund to pay her fare.
Eubanks will appear in court to-day on
the charge of vagrancy.
JOSEPH GOBTKNTOH"
BLOWS OUT THE GAS
Laborer Prom Porto Rico Accident
ally Asphyxiated in a Lodgring-
House.
Joseph Gonknlon, a native of Porto
Rico, was found dead yesterday morning
in a lodging-houss at 301 Montgomery
avenue, kept by Henry "Wolf. The room,
was full of illuminating gas that had es
caped from a partly opened Jet. The
window was down at the top and there
was every Indication that the unfortunate
young man was the victim of an accident.
Gonknion arrived from Honolulu a few
days ago and had made arrangements to
go to work yesterday morning for the
American Salt Company. An agent of the
company gave him 50 cents with which to
pay for his night's lodging, and directed
him to Wolf's place. The agent called for
Gonknlon in the morning at 10 o'clock to
inquire what had become of the Porto
Rican, and then the discovery was made
that he was dead.
Gonknion was 25 years old and unmar
ried.
Petty Thieves Caught.
For some time past small articles, such
as -towels, brushes and napkins, have
been missed from the transports.
Each chief steward would report
in turn that after the shore gang had got
through the "clean up" certain articles
were missing. A vigilant waich was kept,
but no trace of the thieves was found un
til two days ago, when 'a man named
Bryan was caught red-handed. An Inves
tigation followed and yesterday' two
assistant foremen and' eleven cleaners
were summarily dismissed. The value of
the things taken .was not great, .but the
Government will not tolerate peculation
in any shape or form. The discharged
men had been in the transport service al
most from its' inception.
The Stanton Murder.
The preliminary examination of J. M.
Dunphy, charged with the murder of Ed
ward Stanton at Minna and Mary streets,
was concluded' before Judge Conlan yes
terday. A motion to dismiss was • made
by the defendant's attorney, John J. Bar
rett, but the (Judge said he would render
his decision to-day. It was claimed that
Dunphy killed Stanton because the latter
deceived Dunphy's young sister.
Libel for "Wages.
Nelson Drennan and John H. Long- filed
a" libel yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court against the towboat Georgo
R. Vosburg et-al. to recover $188, alleged
balance of wages due.
ENGINES WRECK
FREIGHT CARS
About 4 o'clock Wednesday afternoon
Marcus, who is also a boarder at the
Sutherland, sent the bellboy up t-> Mrs.
Bly's room with a request that she come
Marcus made the attempt on his life the
day before yesterday, and since then
those most directly concerned have en
deavored to keep the matter a secret.
Mrs. Bly is a rather pretty blonde, about
25 years of age. Marcus \u25a0 is well known,
about town as an oil speculator and man
of affairs.
''to shuffle off the mortal "coil by
taking a dose of laudanum. He now lies
seriously ill at the Waldeck Sanatorium,
while Mrs. Vera Bly, the tender object of
his unrequited affections, keeps strictly to
her apartments In the Sutherland Hotel,
fearful lest the rest "of "the boarders at the
Gutter-street hostelry should ply her with
Questions about the affair, which has al
ready .set the neighbors gossiping.
TIRED and weary of a long siege
in an attempt to gain the affec
tions of a pretty grass widow,
Harry Carroll Marcus attempted
the theater and other places of amuse
ment several times, but I really never
suspected until of late that he enter
tained any serious Intentions toward me.
When he first told me that he loved me
I counseled him to take his affections
'away back,' but he persisted, and now
you see the result. I do not want to be
deemed cruel or heartless, but his atten
tions really annoyed me so much that I
had to take a firm stand. and tell him
that there was no hope.
"I am very sorry that this affair has
leaked out. It puts me in a rather em
barrassing- position, especially when I am
entirely Innocent or having given him the
merest suspicion of encouragement. Mr.
Marcus is a very fine gentleman, and all
that, but I must characterize his act as
being extremely silly."
Marcus Is said to have made a former
attempt at suicide. It is alleged that he
was picked up one night recently in
Union square by several friends and taken
home,- where it was found necessary to
call In a physician.
The effects of the poison have almost
disappeared, but the attending physicians
say that Marcus is now suffering a severe
attack of peritonitis as a result of. his
act. It may be some weeks before he will
recover.
so foolish, and denied having offered him
the slightest encouragement.
"I have known Mr. Marcus for some
time," she said. "We have been out to
Cashier W.- K. Cole also denied that
Dimmick had told him that he needed the
money to straighten his account for the
bluestone Item. On the contrary, Dim
mick said that he wanted the money for
the purpose of paying the Selby people.
Ben W. Day, chief clerk of the Mint,
testified that Dimmick was absent from
the Mint from April 21 until May 21: '\u25a0\u25a0:
E. R. Synd, office clerk, testified that
he saw Dimmick enter the office on April
30 and put some coin into the drawer of
the safe. The witness knew that it was
coin because he heard the money Jingle.
United States Naval Officer John P.
Irish and Leon Blum testified that they
had known Dimmick for many years and
that his reputation for truth; honesty and
integrity was good.
Superintendent Leach was recalled and
testified in contradiction of Dimmick that
bluestone and other by-products of the
Mint, when sold, were never delivered un
til after they had been paid for, and that
he had not instructed Dimmick to carry
the bluestone it,em into the succeeding
quarter. He denied also that Dimmick
on March 31, or at any other time, had
made any explanation to him about that
transaction.
Leach Contradicts Dimmick.
Then the witness told how he had been
laid on his back with rheumatism, and
that on April 30, 1900, he had come to this
city in a carriage, drawn $400 from Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s bank,, gone to the Mint,
taken the $498 37 out of the office safe and
paid It to Cashier Cole. The witness
swore further that he had had a quarrel
with Leach and Cole and that they were
therefore preju Heed against him.
Dimmick testified that, he took the
voucher for $498 37- -.- to Cashier Cole
and drew the money,- explaining at
the ' same time what he wanted
it for. He placed the money In the
safe in his office and told Superintendent
.Leach "about the $405 discrepancy in the
statement and what he had done to rec
tify it. Leach instructed him to take out
the bluestone item and hold it over until
the next quarter. This Dimmick ilid, the
$498 37 remaining in his safe. A few days
later, when the Selby Company paid the
$405 for the Milestone, that money was
also put into the safe by, Dimmick. The
witness swore further, that Cashier Cole
was mistaken as to the date of the draw
ing of the $43S 37. It was not April I, but
March 31. '
The witness denied' also that he had
drawn the amounts of two other vouch
ers from Cole, and insisted that all he had
received was $<i:>8 37.
The DImmick case was closed in the
United States District Court yesterday
nfte.n-jon.so far as the evidence. was con
cerned,, and Bert Schleslnger of special
counsel for the Government concluded the
opening argument to the jury. Mr. Col
lins will begin his argument for the de
fense at .11 o'clock this morning.' »•
Walter N. DImmick, the defendant, was
placed on the 6tand the first thing In the
morning. He gave ' his testimony glibly
and with an apparent air of frankness,
but left the witness stand several times
for the purpose of holding a whispered
consultation with Mr. Collins. He denied
that he received the $498 37 from Cashier
Cole on April 7, 1900, but admitted that he
drew the money on March 31 of the same
year. He explained that he had on that
day Bold twenty barrels of bluestone to
the Selby Smelting ami Lead Company
for $405. The Milestone, however, had not
been delivered and the Selby Company
had not yald for It."' In making up his
statement for the quarter ended March
31, 1900,.. he had inserter! this Item. This
would leave an -apparent shortage of $405,
being the unpaid bjuestcne bill. ...
. Held Blue stone Item Over.
Is Flatly Contradicted by
Superintendent Leach
and Others.
Gives the Reason Why
He Drew Money From
Cashier Cole.
DIMMICK TELLS
ABOUT VOUCHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AIiL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
downstairs to his apartments for a min
ute. Knowing that Marcus had been con
fined to his bed for a few days with a
slight illness, Mrs. Bly visited him. When
she entered the room the would-be sui
cide, according to her story, renewed his
attentions and asked if he could only
"hope a little." Upon being told, that
there was no place in the widow's heart
for his portrait Marcus raised the poison
to his lips in a dramatic fashion and
swallowed it. Mrs. Bly immediately
sought the landlady and Dr. Sol Mish was
telephoned for. After administering anti
dotes Marcus was quietly removed from
the hotel and taken across the street to
the Waldeck.
Mrs. Bly seemed 'quite perturbed yes
terday when questioned about the matter.
She said she was sorry Marcus had been
9
/ GOLD \ PAN-AMFRICAN /
I WtiM) I EXPOSITION liiyXPOimOill
\jwiy ' \J9oj y
AND DIPLOMA AWARDED TO
• * - . »
iliill PAN-AMERICAN f |||m| 1
M 10 * EXPOSITION 5lSi
X^__J^X 1901 \^_^S
OCEAN TRAVEL
.Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
7jfc|i Wharf, San Francisco:
Iftsafefc For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ra..
||iS^W Oct. 3, 8, 13. IS. 23. 23, Nov. t
| §5Jr^ExS% Change to company's steamers
' KSEHk7>*ffffil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i / C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
"^MfljHi Taeoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Oct. S. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. S.
Thanse at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers lor Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Taeoma lor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4. ». 14. 19, 24. 29. Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, i a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lais Obispo). Gaviot*.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona. Thursdays. 11 a, m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
The company reserves the right to Changs
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
•without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
" 10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only StenmnHlp Xilna «e»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshin and rail, at
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BXRTH and MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15, 25, Nov. 4, 14. 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDSR *
! Sails Oct. 20. 30, Nov. 9, 19. 23
t>.W.HITCHCpCK.GKN.Agt..X Montgm'y. S. V.
AMERICAN LINE.
OT T0BX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA3I3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Oct. 2? Philadelphia ...Nov. 15
St. Paul Oct. 3C St. Paul Nov. 20
Frlesland ..l....Nov. efHaverford Nov. 21
\u25a0 RED STAR LINE.
N»w York and Antwerp.
' From New Tork "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 23[Southwark Nov. 13
•Z««land. Oct. 30 'Vaderland Nov. 20
Friesland .. — ..Nov. 61 Haverford Nov. 27
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery Bt.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai ar.d
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 23. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 16. 1901
BS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VU PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Hyades sails Saturday. Oct. 12
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Oct. 19
S. S. Leelnnaw nails Monday.* Oct. S3
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market St..
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
' \u25a0
oceanic s.sxo, sssss
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu '
Saturday. Oct 12, 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct 24. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24. 10 a. m.
J. 0. SP3ECKELS & BROS. CO., Bsnarai Agents. 327 Harkes n
Ben'l Pajsangsr Oifics, 643 Variut SI, Piv to. 7. PaciSs II
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vaporss
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct. :7|PERU Nov. 9
"LOA" O?t. 26|PALENA Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 318 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0S7A8NIS 6K9ESAL5 TKAKSATLARTIQITS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j-j*^,
Balling every Thursday, Instead ot ipfffrjrv*
fcatOTday.-at 10 a. m., from pier 4i,MMK«fl
North Rlver^foot of Morton street; *L.'Aqut-
talne, September 19; La Bretagne. September
28; La Champagne. October 3; -La Savole. Oc-
tober 19.
First class ,to Havre. 179 and upward. Second
class to Havre. Hi and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA IS Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco^
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
•Twin 8cr«w Express Steamers. • v-J-\
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. .NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
1:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Bu&day. »:*5 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Valleji
7 a. m.. 12:10 noon, t p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fara SO cents.
Telephon* Main 150S. Landing and office, pus
t Ml»llon-st. dock. HATCH BR03.
\A/. T. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC AND ATT0RNEY-AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela BMg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell..
Residence Telephone James 1301.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
AMTTSEBTENTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
FAREWELL THREE NIGHTS OF ' "
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy,
"H/\7VYLEX."
POPULAR PRICES 10c, ISo, 23c. 60c. 75o
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK. ..."THE LITTLE MINISTER"
Herschel Mayall as Gavin Dlshart, Th« Little
Minister. ..
Reappearance After an Illness of Several
Weeks of Laura Nelson Hall.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— EXTRA !
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Oct. 17.
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE, begin-
ning at 1 o'clock.
THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT
In aid of the CHARITY FUND of th«
Associated Theatrical Managers
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Half of the cross receipts to be devoted
fMINLEY MEMORIAL FUND.
Monster Programme.
BEST ATTRACTIONS FROM EVERY
THEATER.
Reserved Seats, \\ and «. Boxes, $20, $35
. . and $50.
Sale will begin at the Grand Opera-housa
box office Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
New Vaudeville Brilliants!
Sisters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton,
Wilfred Clarke and Co. and the
Biograph. Last times of Belle
Thome, Boyce and Wilson, Madg-e
Fox and the Svengaiis.
-\u25a0Reserved Seats, -25c; Balcony, 10e; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, EOc. <• \u25a0 .•-
T~ . ____ __ __ g "~
B VOL I*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT,
The MASKED BALL
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee, .
N4BUCCO
MONDAY, October 14 "VERDI NIGHT*
Next Week— "Ernanl" and "Cavalleria" and
"I Pagllaccl."
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 80c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA.
THE MUSICAL EVENT,
EIGHT NIGHTS. Commencing THIS (SUN-
DAY) EVENING.
Matinees Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday.
Messrs. Ellinghouse and Oppenheimer announce
the appearance of
MR. CHANNING ELLERY'S
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
60 ARTISTS -50
BIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director,
Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILI, Soprano,
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN. Harpist.
Friday Evening— "CREATORE" Night.
Special popular night — Farewell — Sun.. Oct. 20.
PRICES — EOc, 75c, $1, $1 50. Seats now ready
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store. Alham-
bra Theater Box Office, Sunday, October 13.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
TO»DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION t F*ARK, i
Eighth and Harrison streets,
PTQpiIT7D»C CONCERT HOUSE.
riOLnlirt O Admission 10c.
... Silvia Peurari. Val. Vousden. Volkyra. -Sid-
ney Smith, Robel Slmffls; • Sam " Holds worth,.
.Watson, Davenport and Hamilton; Bartelmese
and Hinrichs' Orchestra.' ... , •,
' Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. %
Open dally from, 7- a. m. to' 11 p. m. '.
1 ' Bathing from. 7 a.- m. to 19:SQ p. m.:' i
Admission 10c. Children. 5c.
Bathing including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter' of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts, of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. * •
GRAND HOTEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Make San Francisco the Rug Mart of
the West. - -
MOST EXTENSIVE '
EXHIBIT
TO=DAY and TO-MORROW
Oct. II and 12.
3000
Carefully selected, genuine antiqua
ORIENTAL
Just imported, many from such district*
of Persia the like for the first time brought
out here, will be given
At my new daylight
ART ROOMS,
322 Post St., Near Powell,
Opposite Union Square.
This is a very remarkable collection In
magnitude and quality, which cannot be
duplicated in this country or in the old.
Every rug selected by me with great
scrutiny and care, and it ' is entirely safe
from artificial antiques.
THE GALIPHA'S SILK CARPET
Made by -his favorite wife, is a wonder,
worth \t», Bee, r containing over 8.000,000
stitches', original 'value being: $20,000.
AUCTION Sale absolutely without reserve.
Commences MONDAY, October, J4. . \u25a0
M. B. MIHRAN;
AMUSEMENTS.
\u25a0'"^''^:^'" : " : v \u25a0•.\u25a0^\u25a0r^^-Vt;-":" .:: '\u25a0:'-"-.-? ,
Last Times— To-night, Mat. To-morrow and
To-morrow Evening.
HERRMANN
THE GREAT,
Accompanied by
McWatters and Vyson and Company.
v \u25a0 SUNDAY NIGHT.
: MASON AND MASON,
,. In Geo. H. Broadhurst's Newest Musical
Comedy . Success,
•'RUDOLPH and ADOLP.H"
PRETTY GIRLS,. NEW MUSIC. CATCHY
SONGS.
UP TO THE MINUTE. "' ' '
, SEATS NOW SELLING. ,-
0*ftl RliJlillH SAH FRANCISCO'S
!*UI.UlWlK3lA LEADING THEATRE
SEATS NOW SELLING FOR ALL REMAIN-
*ING PERFORMANCES.
NOTHING IN THE LAND IS BRIGHTER
OR WITTIER!
NOTHING THERE IS THAT CAN COMPARE
WITH THIS
GREATEST S^ L HITS!
Every Night in the Week, Including Sundays.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week-FINAL NIGHTS OF "FLORO-
DORA."
BEtoiSCO AnoTHAlES^Qk'fWb
BEACON tefif
Matinee
PDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
ralWEJ Matinees .....10c. 15c, 25c
Next Monday — John A. Stevens' Successful
Drama, "WIFE FOR WIFE."
Belasco & Thall ; Managers. , ,
LAST THREE NIGHTS.4
\ Wm. Gillette's Comedy, \u25a0 '*
Too f^uGh Johnson.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
BOUND TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
NEXT WEEK— "THE GIRL IN THE BAR-
RACKS."
Seats on sala 6 days In advance.
CHUTES AND_Z00 pp|^
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY HARMON,
THE WORLD" S GREATEST HIGH DIVER.
r TO-MORROW NIGHT.
INTERNATIONAL CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats Park 23, \ \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Shall
We Eat
To Keep Healthy and Strong-?
A healthy -appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best, in
epite of the claims made by vegetarians
and food cranks generally.
As compared with grains and vegeta-
bles, meat furnishes the most nutriment
in a highly concentrated form and is di-
gested and assimilated more quickly than
vegetables or grains.
L>r. Julius hemusson on this subject
says: N'ervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality, should eat
plenty of meat. If the digestion is too
feeble at first it may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use cf Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meaL Two of*
these excellent tablets taien after dinner
will digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food in three
or four hours, while the malt diastase also
contained in Stuart's Tablets cause the
perfect digestion of starchy foods, like
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
weak the stomach may be. no trouble will
be experienced if a regular practice is
made of using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
because they supply the peps-ln and
diastase so necessary to perfect digestion.
end ar.y form of indigestion and stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach will
be overcome by their dally use.
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty of meat and insure its com-
plete digestion by the systematic use of a
safe, harmless digestive medicine like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of
the natural digestive principles, peptones
and diastase, which actually perform the
work of digestion and give the abused
etomach a chance to rest and to furnish
the bedy and brain with the necessary-
nutriment. Cheap cathartic medicines
masquerading under the name of dyspep-
sia cures are useless for relief or cure of
indigestion, because they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of
food.
Dyspepsia in all its forms is simply a
failure of the stomach to digest food and
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
cure the indigestion is to make daily use
et meal time of a safe preparation which
is'lndorsed by tho medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples, and all this can truly be said of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
All druggists throughout the United
States. Canada and Great Britain sell
them at the uniform price of fifty cents
for full treatment.
§V1M. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in us« over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgrarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. tTnfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. ~ Varicocele or Con-
ttlpatton. Stop Ner *5 U vous Twltchln K of
Eyelids. Effects are i^JTL immediate. Im-
part vjcor and pote CErtTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at band.
Keetore email undeveloped onrans. -Stimulate
the brain and' nerve centers; 50c a box: « for
/ »2 59 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
1 A<Mres*s BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis et..
fan Francisco, CaL GRANT DRUG CO., 38
*nd 43 Third tX.CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Wheat showed a slight
improvement at ,the opening in response to the
steady tone of the cables. Liverpool and. Paris
were depressed, but nothing in keeping with
the decline of 1 cent- here yesterday. The scarc
ity of offerings here also tended to give De
cember a bettter tone, and it opened a shade
lower to a shade higher at 69%@69>4c. The
market was poorly supported, however, and
influenced by the early easy feeling in corn
December sagged to 69%c. From this point
pending the Government report, there were only
narrow fluctuations, save a slight reaction In
sympathy with a flurry in corn and December
closed steady, a shade lower at 69%c.
Apprehension of an Increase in the Govern
ment crop report, together with lower cables
and liberal receipts, had a depressing" influence
on corn early, but it steadied | on uneasiness
among bears. December closed steady, un
changed at 56%c. \u25a0•• 1 - . ---
Oats fluctuated only %c and were profoundly
dull. December closed steady %c higher at
35%c
A slight early dullness was Imparted to pro
visions early by the" report of a firmer hog mar
ket, but the same liquidation for the outside
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The market for cotton
futures started off to-day with prices up 10@13
points In sympathy with strong English cables
and closed steady 13@18 points higher. .
New York Cotton Market.
55,287 bushels. Spot — Steady. No. 2 red, 75%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c elevator; No." 1
Northern Duluth, 7o%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 79%c f. 0. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on rains in the Northwest and
prospective smaller receipts, and were gen
erally maintained all day by light offerings:
closed unchanged but steady. Hay, 77 15-16®
78 3-16c, closed 78%c; October, 73!-»c; December,
75@75iic, closed 75Hc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%c. Coffee fu
tures closed steady, 5@15 points net higher.
Sales, 53,730 bags. Including: October, $5 15@
5 20; November, J5 20@5 25: December, $5 25i?J
5 40; January, $5 35@5 45; May, ?5 70©5 80; Au
gust, $5 95.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 15-lGc;
centrifugal, 96 test,"3%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3491 packages; barely
steady. State dairy, 14@21c: creamery, 15@22c;
June creamery. 20@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6850 packages: firm. West
ern candled, 21@21%c; uncandled, 17@21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— There was a fair
jobbing demand for evaporated apples to-day,
with choice and fancy grades holding the chief
attention. State, common to good, 6@8c; prime,
SHc; choice, 9c; fancy. 9U@9%c.
California dried fruits were dull but steady.
PRUNES— 3%(3>7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8>4@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
84,105 barrels; exports, 516S barrels. Dull and
about steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 156,750 bushels; exports.
New York Grain and Produce.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. lO.-Clearlngs, $267,671; bal
ances, $50,110.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 10.— WHEAT- Walla Wal
la. 52Vi@53c; valley and blue stem, 54c.
Cleared— British steamer Glen Turret, with
222.500 bushels of wheat.
Total wheat shipments, flour included, from
this port for the week ending to-day were 660,
514 bushels.
TACOMA, Oct. 10.— WHEAT— Quiet; blue
stem, 53%c; club, 52'^c.
WASHINGTON.
Foreign Markets
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Consols. 93Vi ; Silver,
26 11-16: French Rentes, lOOf 92V4c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 27s 7 1 /^d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 27s 6d; English country markets, firmer.-
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 10.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, os 5d@ 5s 9 l^d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French country
markets, steady; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 27-32d.
Imports of 'Mexican Specie.
Imports of Mexican tvccle at tils port dur
lnc the first nine months of the year were
IL2U.1B acrainst JS.S73.25C for the same time
last 'year, the ascriptions being as follow:
Silver collars. $2.£S1.E33: silver bullion, $1,19S,-
S60; gold bullion, $lS0,S4fi.
Foreign Exports.
Foreign exports from tills port during the
first nine months of - the year amounted to
S2; 592 C90 '' the leading destinations being as
tdOtm: 'Atlantic ports, $2,073,300; Great Brit
air, J*,£70,57&; Cfalna, $3,7G0,CKK>; Japan, $2,330,
700: Australia, $1,650,360; New Zealand. $1.03..
3S>0- Mexico ' fl.27fi.500; Central America. II,
541.000: South America, $1,398,880: British Co
lumbia. SS24,6E2: PhUipplne Islands $.l..S30.
The Piiilippiiie business has been growing con
siderably of late. •
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage of the different mints for the ;
fir«t nine months of the year was as follows:
Double eagles „ $22.649,9W 00
\u25a0r--«ri««; ...... .. - 3<. 730,420 00
Hiff-^gieV""".::: i-- 024 -??? <»
Quarter-eagles , B nic •£?
Standard dollars "'^H^ 9°
Half-dollars J-^? 1^ 2?
Quarter-dollars ±^±^- \gg& ''%
sis.™ «
Cents 445,661 43
Total $103,S3L488 03
In 1S00 103,787,090 84
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say: "Trade
In new currant* rfiows good activity and there
Is come inquiry for round lots of Amalias from
cut of town. Goods actually on the epot and
ready for immediate shipment were held at
6c yesterday, but Amalias per Melville, whose
arrival v.-as reported, with about 1709 tons,
were offering at He* less. A large portion of
this \-essel'E careo it Is believed, was sold
to r.rrlve as was the case of the good6 brought
by the Manls. Demand on spot during the
past few days has been good and the portion
of the Manin's cargo unsold on arrival, it is
understood, fcas cow been quite weli cleaned
up. Demand is active for new cleaned cur
rants at 7%@7 !^c for cartons, the trade in
the article being reported by some to be bet
ter than in normal years at this period.
"The future domestic raisin outlook shows
no improvement on the coast and the trade
is awaiting the result of to-day's meeting In
Fresno. The few new raisins on the spot are
meeting with a Email Jobbing demand at 6^4c,
7c arid 7>6c respectively for 2, 3 and 4 crown
loose Muscatels. A little business Is reported
in new imported Sultanae at 8H<gl2c Valen
clag meet with a small demand at 7c for
layers.
"Prunes are a little more active. Supplies
are rather light, although several further cars
of new crop, sizes 30-70s. arrived yesterday.
New goods are quoted as follows and are in
fair request: Sonoma 30-tOs. in 2>-Ib boxes,
double-faced, 8%c; Santa Claras in 25-Ib boxe3.
40-SOs. 7Vic: 5Q-60S, 614c; G>-70s, 6c; 70-gOs. 5%c:
E9-9')s, jc; EO-IOOs, 4 l sc Santa Clara 3O-4Os of
fered to arrive at %\ic There is a better de
mand for old prunes, which sell from %@v«c
under the above figures. Peaches, apricots
and other California fruits are quiet Trade
in nuts, spot and future. Is fair but without
particular feature."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. 10—5 p. m.
The following axe the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 4.29 2.65
Red Bluff 00 1.93 2.05
Sacramento 00 .66 .68
San Francisco 00 .62 l.ll
Fresno 00 .67 .43
Independence 00 \u25a0 .77 ' .83
San Luis Obispo 00 .23 1.20
Los, Angeles 00 .12 Trace
San Diego 00* .06 .08
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£4: minimum, SS; mean. 71.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 72-56; Cincinnati. 66-56; Washington,
70-48; Jacksonville. S2-68; New York. €8-38;
Kansas City, 72-56; Omaha. 74-52: Salt Lake
City. 66-44; Duluth. 48-44; Chicago, 66-54; St.
Louis. 70-5S; Philadelphia. 70-E8.
•THE COAST RECORD..
\u25a0 ts Si 2 o on w
STATIONS, "-a |if|^| £0 ?
<» : a : 5 p.3 <» b
: . " * • : • : a
Astoria 30.30 60 50 W- Cloudy T
Baker....:... 30.20 : 62 38 N Cloudy .00
Carson. ...-..,...-.. ..30.14 68 40 XE • Cloudy 00
Eureka 30.08-60 48 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.98 SS 56 S Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff... 30.10 66 "56 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatcllo, Idaho.. .30. 14 60 38 W Clear .00
Independence 29.90 78 52 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 23. S8 74 54 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.76 S2 54 W Clear 00
Portland 30.28 64 54 NW Cloudy .01
Red Bluff 29.S6 88 58 N Pt.Cldy 00
Roseburg 29.22 72 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento 29.90 88 58 NW Pt.Cldy .CO
Salt Lake 30.12 60 46 NW Clear .Oft
San Francisco 29.94 84 5? W Clear 00
San Luis Obispo.. .29.54 78 48 S Clear .00
San Diego 29.86 62 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.26 62 44 SE Cloudy .00
Fpokane 30.10 64 36 SW Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.24 54 50 SE Rain tio
Walla Walla 30.J6 70 50 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca 30.16 €6 38 NW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.74 96 60 SW Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m., €0.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure baa risen slowly over the
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market is almost devoid of feature at
the moment. Peaches are higher, as stocks are
steadily decreasing. Plums and Prunes are
firm and in light supply. Some poor Figs and
Quinces are coming in. The same may be
said of Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons, some
of the arrivals being overripe. Choice Apples,
free from worms, continue firm. Table Grapes
are in fair supply and the warm weather has
stimulated their sale. * \u25a0
There is nothing new in Citrus Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 2a@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS — J0@73c per box; Prunes,. 70@9Oc per
crate.
PEACHES— 25@65c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 60(f Soc.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c per small box.
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@$l per box.
QUINCES— 25@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— ?1 15 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and J3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J5@6 per. chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES rier lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, ?9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— 40@75c per box for black and 25@40c
lor white.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25@70c per box; Canta
loupes, 60c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes, and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 25©
40c per box and crate; Tokay, 3C@65c; Mus
cat, 3C@65c; Black, 30®75c; Isabella, 35@65c;
Cornichon, 50@75c; Wine Grapes, $28@32 50 per
ton for Zinfandel and $25@27 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$4; Lemons,
$1(8 1 2i for common and $2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@3; Mexican Limes,
fresh, $6 G0@7 50; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Business was very fair on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. ' Market Street
Railroad continued to lead, selling from $31 CO
down to $89. Makaweli sold up to $28 and
Contra Costa Water to ?7S. . Gas and Electric
was firm at $43@43 12% and there were trans
actions in Oceanic at $42. Regarding the pro
posed deal in Market Street Railroad it i3
said that the Eastern syndicate and the •con
trolling interests in the stock are about |5
apart In their views as to the value of the
stock, the syndicate bidding $105 and the own
ers asking $110. The difference, while not
large, seems to have been sufficient to delay
proceedings and unsettle the stock for a week
or more.
There was nothlns: new in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Market Street Railroad con
tinued to decline, selling down to $S8 50.
There were sales of California Wine at $36@>
85. There has been some activity In this stock
during the past day or two. Contra Costa
Water weakened oft* to $77 75 and Paauhau
Sugar to $10. Business was fairly active.
The Rio Tlnto Copper Mining Company of
Europe, an English concern, has Just de
clared a dividend of 35s per share for the half
year. The previous dividend was 45s. This
Is in line with the action taken by the Amal
gamated Copper Company in cutting the divi
dend on its shares. This is the fourth big
copper company to reduce its dividend in the
last thirty days. The Calumet & Hecla is not
one of the four. This company I3 reported to
have Just declared its regular dividend. The
shares of the English copper company have
been going downward for some time past. The
company was formed in-lS78. Dividends began
at the rate of 3 per cent In 1886.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , 07%
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. 47 — 47%
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes. are weaker here and rather firmer in
New York. Both buyers and sellers are pur
suing a waiting policy and are equally indlfTer
ent. Raisins are still unsettled and confused
by the pulling and hauling of the different
cliques that are trying to rule the market. All
other fruits are quiet and unchanged.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@9c for - Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; sun-dried, 3%@4Vac-
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 5<§;9c: Plums, pitted,
4@5%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red' and 5%@6V2C for white; Figs,- 3%@3%c for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5 1 /i@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60's, 4%@
4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's, 3U@3%c; 80-90's, 254
@3c; 90-100' s, 2'/i@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. J3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75. Lon
don layers — Three-crown, Jl'35; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown. 4%c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 5%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%.c.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice. 7%c;
standard, 6%c ; prime. 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard. 7%c; prime, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9%.c; No. 2.
7V4c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds,
13@14c for papershell. 10@llc ror softshell and
6@6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; .Cocoanuts, $3 5US5.. . -
\u25a0 HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10©
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 49
4U,c " ' ';*\u25a0 \u25a0
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
"The snap is leaving the market, as the con
tinued decline at Chciago is beginning to make
local dealers cautious. A dispatch from Chi
cago to Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. says that if
the advance in Hogs had stopped around 6c
there would have been a good steady distribu
tive trade, but they went up to $7 40, the high
est price for eight years, and checked the de
mand. Since then the market has been on the
down grade. One Chicago packer says that he
has not killed a hog for a month and still has
plenty of product -to sell. The .product has
Wheat and- Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continue weak,
with still lower futures at Paris 4 and \ Liver
pool.
Chicago was steady and dull. Minneapolis
stocks have increased 300,000 bushels thus far
this week. The Northwestern movement is
likely to be interrupted by wet weather.
Futures were weaker again yesterday, but
shipping grades were not disturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96Vic; milling, 98%c
@$1 C2% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 97%c. May— 20,000, $1 02%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, ?1 02%. De
cember—8000. 97%c. •
Regular Morning Session— December— 38,000
ctls. 97%.c. May— 8000. Jl 02%; 8000, Jl 02%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 97%c;
6000. 97%c.
BARLEY— Continues dull and unchanged. I
Feed, 72%.@73%c for choice bright. 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
Jl 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9;15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 20CO ctls,
69c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 69c;
2000. 68%c. ' -
OATS— It Is reported that the Government Is
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• THURSDAY^Oct. 1,0-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I bj,j \ B \e
4s quar coup... 112 112% Is qr cp (new). — ' 13914
4s quar reg...U2 112% 1 3s quar coup.,108 109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06%.107 Oceanic SS 5s. 103%
Cal-st 5s IIS — Omnibus C 6s.l23ii '
C C Water Ss.llltf — Pac G Imp 4s. 39% —
Ed L & P 6s. - 131*4 Pk & Cl H 6S.109 _
Fer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. .121 _
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. " —
H C & S 5%.s.. — — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s 99U.10O S F & SJV 5s.l22%m
Los Ang R 6s.ll6% — Sierra Cal 6s — _
L A Light 6s.l01% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (19C9) \\%u _
Do gntd 5s.. 102 — (1910) _ __
L A & P 5s — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 (1905), Ser A — 107U
Mkt-st Cab 6s. - 128% (1903), Ser B 107U _
Do 1 c m 5s. — 12214 (1906) 109 __
N R orCal 63.112^113%. (1912) 119% _
Do 5s 121U122 Vi S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — c gntd 5S....110U —
Do 5s — 107% SPBr Cal 6s. 133% —
Nor Cal R as. Ill -~ 3 V Water 6s — 11*
Oak Gas 5s... 111% — Do 4s '103% _
Oak Trans 6s. 121 — Do 4s 3d m.102 —
Do 1st c 6s..lll%112% Stktn Gas 63. 104 —
Oak Wat g os.101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 • Port Costa $3 «
Marin County. 58 — Spring Valley! 88 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 41 __
Equitable 3 4 Sacramento .ia
Mutual 4%~ 5% S F G & E " 43 1"
Oakland ...>... 51 51^ San Francisco! 4% |«
Pac Gas Imp.. 33% — Stcktn G & E. 8 _
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.240 — | /
BANKS. *
Anglo-Cal — 80 L P & a lse 1M
California 403 413 Mer Ex (Ho.)" 1«
NEW TORK, Oct. 10.— Much to the surprise
of the local copper trade, prices advanced about
12%, points to-day, and Jobbers were ready buy
ers of supplies for immediate use. At the close
spot was firm at ?16 75@17 for Lake and $16 50@
16 62% for casting. At London copper prices
opened a shade higher, but later eased off and
closed unchanged from the previous night's
close, £63 las for spot and £63 5s for futures.
Tin was easier locally at $24 25@24 SO. Spot
tin at London was 10s higher, while futures
were 12s 6d lower.
Lead was unchanged at home and abroad.
Spelter advanced five points again to-day on
local buying, which closed the market firm at
?4 2C@4 25.
London was dull at £17 2s 6d. '
Domestic iron markets were steady and un
changed.
Glasgow warrants closed at 53s Sd and Mid
dlesboro at 45s 7%.d.
New York Metal Market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Flour qr sks 2J.040 "Wool, sks ........ 640
Wheat, ctls 2.190 Shorts, sks 45
Barley, ctls 9,365 Hides, No 470
Oats, ctls 1.100 Pelts, bdls *.. 243
Beans, sks 5,566 Sugar, ctls 3,566
Potatoes, sks .... 5.603 Quicksilver, flsks 4
Onions, sks 320 Leather, rolls ... 73
Straw, tons 17 Wine, gals 41,200
Hay, tons 693 Raisins, bxs 1,800
Middlings, sks.... 870 Tallow, ctls 232
Bran, sks .' 2,913 Chicory, bbls .... 25
Hops, bales 228
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.' 5,770jBran, sks .....".. 375
Oats, ctls 2,1001
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales 7s>
Dealers are selling both Butter and Eggs,
even at concessions. In fact, as far as ap
pears, there are more goods selling below the
quotations than at them. Meanwhile prices go
up every day or so. In this respect the situ
ation has been unique for some days. The ma
jority of dealers consider the advance in both
Butter and Eggs too sharp, and say they have
plenty of stock. Butter is relatively firmer
than Eggs. There is no change in Cheese.
Receipts were 17.600 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 401 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern E^gs, 38,100 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@29c per lb for fancy
and 25<g27c for seconds; dairy. lS@25c; store
Butter. 15@17%.c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22%c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 13@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%.c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 37@39c for selected large, 34
@36 for good to choice and 32%.@33c for fair;
store, 22(g25c per. dozen; cold storage, 21(@25c;
Eastern. 17%.@23c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The fifth series of the
wool auction sales closed to-day with a good
attendance of buyers. The selection was good
and the various grades offered met with active
competition. Since the close of the July series
there was some improvement in the demand
for finer growths experienced in the manufac
turing districts. The movement was largely
due to the necessities of the German and
French manufacturers and spinners, who failed
to replenish their stocks, allowing them to run
abnormally low during the financial troubles
of 1900. Merinos were In "strong demand and
advanced Vh. per cent. All scoureds showed fur
ther hardening as the sales progressed. The
finer scoureds sold fully 10 per cent and super
grades 5 to 7%. per cent above the July aver
age. Fine crossbreds advanced 5 to 10 per cent
to the higher points of the series. Superiors
held the advance until the close, but medium
and Inferior merlnoes weakened somewhat. The
closing tone, however," was firm. Coarse cross
breds declined until prices reached 5 per cent
below the July 6eries. The general demand
during the entire series was strong and ani
mated. During the series 305,000 bales were
available, and of this number 2S3.196 were cata
logued. The total sales numbered 141,600 balfes
to the home trade, 127,000 to the' Continent, 3000
to America and 34,000 held over. \
London Wool Sales.
Most of the Game is coming In more or less
tainted and stale, and only good sound stock
brings the quotations below.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150©
1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. *3<5<3 50 for old
and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens. $3 50@5; young
Roosters, J4@4 50; old Roosters, $3 60@4; Fry
ers. $3 2o@3 50; Broilers, $3@3 25 for large and
$2 50@2 75 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME- Daves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare, ?1@
1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontail and %\ for
Brush; Mallard, $5@6; Sprig, ?2 50@3; Teal, $2;
Widgeon,' $2; Small Ducks, $1 50; Black Jacks,
; English Snipe, ; Gray Geese, $4 50.
Prices for Poultry show^ little variation, as
the demand and supply about balance. An
other car of Eastern came in.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
A 3 c £i son "Vi 33 - 900 "'-S 76^4 77%
Atchison pfd 3,800 96% 95H SoVi
Baltimore & Ohio 1,400 101% 99 ji lOO^i
Baltimore & Ohio pfd -..„ 93
Canadian Pacific 900 109 108 109
Canada Southern 600 82% 82U S2 3 !
Chesapeake & Ohio 8,200 45% 45 45%
Chicago & Alton 2,600 37 36% 36%
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 200 77^ 77% 77%
Chicago Ind & Louis.. 1,000 41^4 tfu 4m
Chicago Ind & L pfd. 100 72% 72V4 72
Chicago & Eastern 111 120
Chicago & Great West 900 22«4 ">2 2211
Chicago & G W A pfd 100 84% 84% 84
Chicago & G W B pfd. 300 42 42 41
Chicago & Northwest. 400 19S 194 195U
Chicago R I & P 2.3W 141Vi 140 140Vi
Chicago Term & Trans. 1.900 21Vi 20% 2")»i
Chicago Term & T pfd. \ 2,400 39% 38% 38% I
C C C & St Louis 1,700 97 9614 96^
Colorado Southern 800 13^4 13% 131 '
Colo Southern 1st pfd 53%
Colo Southern 2d pfd 23%
Delaware & Hudson 3.000 166% 163% 165%
Delaware Lack & "West 1,200 224 220 222%
Denver & Rio Grande.. 803 44 43 43%
Denver & R G pfd 2,700 92% 90% 92V6
Erie 63.700 42%. 39% 42
Erie 1st pfd 9.200 70% 68% 70%
Krle 2d pfd 4,100 57% 53% 57%
Great Northern pfd 13,600 136% 188% 186%
Hocking Valley 200 6SW, 53 62%
Hocking Valley pfd....- 100 73% 7.1% 74
Illinois Central 1.103 145% 145U 14S^;
Iowa Central 3.500 41%. 40%. 41 "
Iowa Central pfd 1,700 80 78% 7S'i
Lake Krie & Western.. 400 69Vi 63* 69'"
Lake Erie & W pfd jog
Louisville & Nashville. 2.500 103H 102« 103%'
Menhattan L 12.100 120% 119% J20%
Metropolitan St Rjr • 2,600 153% 158% 139
Mexican Central 1,200 23% 22% 23%
Mexican National 13,50!) 14% - 14 1414
Minneapolis & St Louis 300 106 106 105
Missouri Pacific 10,200 9SU 94 96
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 900 25% 24% 2"%
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 600 52 51 g»
New Jersey Central 600 168 165 168
New York Central 3.R3O 156% isstj 155SA
Norfolk & Western .... 11,200 56 5514 f>5%
Norfolk & West pfd *' M
Northern Pacific pfd 3.700 100 97" 98%
Ontario & Western 6.000 33^4 32% 33s?
Pennsylvania 10.100 145 144 144%
Reading 14.400 40% 39U 40%
Reading 1st pfd 4.830 75% 75% 76M
Reading 2d pfd ..... 4,600 51% 49% 51«
St Louis & San Fran. 700 . 42 41W 4174
St Louis & S F 1st nfd 100 79 79 73
Rt Louis & S F 2d pfd/. , 900 65% 65% 66%
Kt Louis Southwestern 200 2S»4 \u25a0 27% 28%
St Louis S W pfd 3.000 5S>»i" 57, 58
St Paul 22.300 158% 15fi%/ 15X31
\u25a0Rt Paul -pfd 300 18S >18B 18 ;'..
Southern Pacific ....... 34,200 574 55% 57*4
Southern Railway ...... 15,100 83 32 3»%
Southern Railway pfd. 1.4W 8«'i 86 S6?i
Texas «\u25a0 Pacific ..'. 2,200- 40-S 3f.«A 40«
Toledo St L & West.... 200 21% 21% 2Ui
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 200 3B% 36% 36%
T'nlon Pacific 43,3(10 9R'£ 85% ftsu
Union Pacific pfd ,. - 200 8714 87 \u25a0, S7%
Wabash 4.200 JO 19 19%
Wftbash pfd 7.100 38 35« 37%
Wheeling & Lake Krle.. ..... !!.. * 17
Wheel & L K 2d nfd ". 28
Wisconsin Central ...... 3,300 21% 26%" 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 400 41% 41VI 41%
Bxpress companies — . . \u25a0 -.
Adams ;... ISO
nMi2r%3£ 10 ° 18S% ™& m '
T'nltea States , on
WeUs-FarKO % i \\\\ ,50
Miscellaneous— \u25a0<
Amalgamated Copper... 71,100 8SU, ! RMi . 8g«
Am Car & Foundry....' 90fl 2B«4 " 25% 25%.
Am Car & Foundry pfd 400 SlVi 81 81
Am Linseed OH ' ..... ' .; ; . 15
Am Llnreed Oil pfd.... \u25a0\u25a0....\u25a0"" 45
Am Smelt & Refln 4,500 i 42% 40% 42
Anr Smelt ft Refln pfd.. 900 '97 98 %%
Anaconda Mining Co... 11.405 37%... 35% S6»4
Brooklyn Rapid Trans.. 29.900 . 61 K9% 60?i
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 24,100 93%. 92 . 83
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— There was a notable
revival of speculation in the stock market to
day, following the wavering and hesitating
movement of the last day or two. Pretty
much every department of the market became
affected in an increasing degree and in the
late dealings the market bec&me fairly buoy
ant and closed active and strong" at about the
top leveL This sudden outburst of speculation
at a reversal of the recently ourrent sentiment
caused a circulation of many rumors and gave
rise to a supposition of some important de
velopment in the financial world not yet dis
closed to the public The rumors centered
about supposed further developments in the
Northwestern railroad world and early took the
form of a plan tor adjustment with the Can
adian Pacitic. which might eliminate compe
tition. Another report specifically formulated
was that a corporation was to be formed to
consolidate th«,ownership of the Great No'rth
ern and Northern Pacific on the basis of 2J0
shares for Great Northern preferred and 125
for Northern Pacific common, Northern Paciflo
preferred to be retired at par. The transcon
tinental stocks, which had been somewhat
neglected in the early strength, leaped into
activity and strength. Great Northern pre
ferred jumped 8 points to 136%; Northern Pa
cific preferred and Chicago and Northwestern 3,
St. Paul 2% and Union Pacific 2^4. There was
a renewed heavy demand for the Erie stocks
also, which lifted them l*i@4. This culmina
tion of the day's bullish tendency caused a rush
to cover by the bears. The demand from this
source showed a state bordering on demoraliza
tion on the part of the large short interest in
the market. The majority of active stocks are
a point or more higher. The coalers showed
the first marked evidence of. strength. New
Jersey Central jumping 7 points and others of
the group .1 to 4. Amalgamated Copper and
Sugar were very active and strong: at an ad
vance of about 3 points each, the short in
terest playing an important part in their move
ment. The opening of the market gave no pre
monition of the day's movement, many im
portant Etocks opening unchanged. Very large
speculative interests obviously had the market
in hand. They seemed to be actuated by a
belief that the resources of the banks were
now sufficient to provide for the season's de
mand from the interior for money. Taking
the ground that the fall demand for money
has been the only repressive Influence on the
market these interests inaugurated an active
buying movement for a recovery in the mar
ket. Several unfavorable factors were com
pletely ignored. Some of these were the notable
strength of sterling exchange, which was em
phasized to-day, .renewed softness in the Lon
don market for .raw copper, the threatened ex
tension of the trade war between the American
Sugar RefiDing Company and the beet sugar
interests, decidedly less sanguine views of the
year's outlook tor the iron industry, a declining
ratio of increas* of railroad earnings and vari
ous minor factors which have been influential
of late.
There was a decided increase of activity in
the railroad bond market and prices generally
advanced. Total sales, par value, $4,784,00<>.
United States new 4s advanced V4 per cent
on the last call.
Nrd) York Stock Market.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19Hc; Astral. 19%c;
Star, 19%c; Extra Star. 23Hc: Elaine, 24t£c;
Eocene. 21^4c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c. 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases. 2Cc.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.23c: Extra C. 4.15c:
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.?5c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. .25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
COAL— Wellington, p per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 SO; Coos
Bay, ?5 CO; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$9; Cumberland, $12 60 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
"Whale Oil. natural white. 40® 43c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 37»^c; cases. 42^c: Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63V£c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
mnke, He lesa than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32®S5c; Fleece Twine, 7H®Sc; Fruit Bags, 6%O
r.'jc for cotton and.7Q7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
EASTERN MARKETS. !
ST. JOSEPH, Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2S00: strong, 10c higher. Natives, $2 80©6 40:
Texans -and "Westerns, J2 70@6 85; . cows and
heifers, $1 60@5 10; bulls and stags, $2@5; stock
ers and feeders, $1 60@4 25; yearlings and
calves, $2@4; veals, $3®S. y
HOGS— Receipts. 740O. Market opened steady.
Light and llcht mixed. $6 10@6 25; medium and
heavy, $8 20@6 50; pigs, $4 6O@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 153. Market active,
stronger. Top native wethers, $3 60.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000,
Including 1000 Texans and 750 Westerns. All
good fat oteers, strong, everything else dull
nnd lower. Good to prime steers, $6 20@6 R5;
poor to medium, $3 60(Q>5 80; stockera and feed
ers, $2(QH 25; cows and heifers, $1 25i?5; can.
nors, *1 m\'i 25; bulls, SI 75<tN 73; calves, $2 SO
@3 SO; Texas steers, $2 90Q3 75; Western steer*,
$3 65CT5 SO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over, '4000; slightly stronger for good,
steady for packers. Mixed butchers, $6©0 40;
Kood to choice heavy, $6 20(JJi6 60; rough heavy,
$5 73@6 10; light, $6 lKflrti 30; bulk of sales, ?fi.fl>
6 20.
SHEEP— rtecelpts, 13,000; strong to 10c higher.
Fair to choice mixed, *3«J3 HO; Western sheep.
$2 7&@3 60; native lambs, $2 50®5 10; Western
lambt, ?3 25Q14 85.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
There is not much new under this head. Po
tatoes and Onions are about as before quoted.
Vegetables are in lighter supply and prices
are steady as a rule, though Corn continues
cheap and slow. Sweet Potatoes are cleaning
up.
POTATOKS— 60®90o in Backs for Burbnnk*
from the river; Salinas Iiurbanks, $1 -Ot(fi 3&;
Klver Reds, $1 &Q(ffl 60; Sweets, 40<J730o for
Rivers and 90(ff!)3o fur Merced.
ONIONS— *UT1 20 pur ctl; Pickle Onions, 60O
75o per ctl.
VEQBTABLES— Green Peas, 2U©3c for Gar
den: String Beans, -51 3c; tAxntut. 2c; Cabbage,
60<i?73o per ctlj Tomatoes from the river, — ;
from Alttinoda, 2iV{?.40e; Dried Pfnpcrii, lOMlS'io;
Clreen Okra, 60®85o per box; Carrots, »®S8fl
per KHCk; Cucumbers. 30<fN0c; 1'lckles/ 2ViW3c
per lb for small and l<£))lV&c for large; Gurllc.
2(2p2'in; Oreen Peppers. 354t40c per box for Chile
and 23ff50c for Bell; Egg Plant. 2o<£N0c per box;
Green Corn, 35it?50c per naclc; Alamcda, 50@75c
per crat«; Berkeley, 50®75c; Summer Squash,
85(<r60c; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $10.
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
The monthly report of the statistician of the
Department of Agriculture shows the average
condition of corn on October 1 to have been
r.2 1. as compared with 61.7 last month: 78.2 on
O-tobtr t, 191)0; C.7 at the corresijondlnii: date
in JNM>. and ELS tn* mean of October averages
of the last ten years. •
The irrliminary estimate yield per acre of
oats i« 25.1 bushela. as oompared with 296
bushels on October 1. 1900; 80.7 bushels at the
correspond ins date in 18SJJ. and 27.1 buehels the
tner.ii of the October estimates for the lut t«n
yeart. The average for quality is 83.7, against
fS! last y*ar and 69.6 in liS9.
The irellralnory estimate of the yield per
an* of barley \* i'4.7 bushel*, an compared with
2(i 4 burhels on O t -tol«r 1. ISHjO: 27 bushel* at the
rorr«-sr>cnd!nc date jn 1%**. and 23.4 buxhels.
the mr&n of tho October estimates of the last
ten .v«4ir*. The average for quality is 89.2.
apalr.Kt ELI last year and 68.4 in 1S99.
The average condition of i>ouuoes on Octoofr
1 »n» ."-4. as comi'iii ed with 62.2 Ust month:
74.4 on October 1. «>00: K1.7 at the SorrePl" 0 " 11 
»nr dRtf in 1ST9. and 7S.4. the mwurof the Oc
tolici averages for the la«t ten years.
A* to the condition of apples. Indiana reports
2. Virginia 7. North Carolina 4 and Kansas IS
I*-.U:«.s above, «nd New York 37. Ohio U. Pfnn
tvlvnnia 30. Mlchtcan 2S. Mirpouri 1. IlllnoU
73. Tonr.csi.ee 2. Maine 11 and Iowa 32 jx>lnt»
brlow the means of their October averages for
the last six years. ,
The estimated averare yield of hops in
pounds per acre is 1390 in Washington. 1 Sal in
California. 71S in Oregon and 5.6 in Isew
No further reiort on wheat will be, 1 " s " e £:
pendlns the recett* of the annum return* of
individual producers and the final reports or
the department's special agents.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— Following 1» the
monthly report of crop conditions Issued by the
statistician of tie Dera-rtment of Agriculture:
Condition of Crops.
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ; ..20 95 2185
Closing 20 90 2185
Flour—
Opening 26 85 27 90
Closing , 26 80 27 85
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL,
Wheat— Deo. March.
Opening .'. 6 6% 6 8
Closing 6 6% 6 7%
northern half of the Pacific slope. A moderate
depression overlies the extreme southwest and
conditions are such that a disturbance may
appear without much warning on the southern
coast. ' ' "
The temperature has risen along the coast
between Point Conception and Point Reyes.
Warm weather prevails in the great valleys,
with northerly winds in the Sacramento and
southerly winds In the San Joaquin.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 11, 1901:
Northern Calif ornia—Cloudy Friday; contin
ued warm in the interior; fresh northeast
winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; light
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday; light northerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
fresh north wind.
ALEXANDER a. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
LAMB— 7©$o per lb.
POKK- Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs, 6«4©5%c; feeders, — ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, <•)
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. "M/ipc. . 1
- As will be seen under the head of Provisions,
the Hog market Is declining throughout the
West. A dispatch from Chicago to this city
says that Henry Zeiss, a Chicago packer, says:
"Last month the best Hogs sold at $7 40. Now
they are down to $6 60 and before long they
will be $5 50. This has been a year of extremes.
They rose higher than was warranted and are
now apt to go lower than warranted."
There Is no change in this market. The
packers continue in the market for Hogs, while
supplies of Beef, Mutton and Veal are sufficient
for all requirements.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: •
BEKF-61/6UC for Steers and 6G5%o per lb
for Cows,
VEAL— Large. 7tf*JSHc; small. 8SJ3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%®7c; Ewes, 6©6%o per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There' Is no further decline In Beans worthy
of note, but the market continues weak.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; Small White,
$3 50; Large White. $2 40® 2 55; Pea, $3@4; Pink.
$2 40@2 55; Red. ; Blackeye, $3 30@3 60; Ll
mas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidney, $3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 60; Flax, . $2 65<tf3 25; Canary,
3\4<g)3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
lVi©l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— N lies. $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 7«
©- per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 14@21%c; dairies,
13@19c. Cheese. 9%@10%c Eggs, firm; fresh,
17%c
Artfcles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ...25,000 25,000
Wheat, bushels 205,000 129,000
Corn, bushels 243,000 62,000
Oats, bushels 227,000 - 58.000
Rye, bushels 9,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 62.000 2,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@68c; No. 2
red. 69@70c; No. 2- yellow, 56%@56%c; No. 2
oats, 35%c; No. 2 white, 37%<g'38y*c; No. 3
white, 37^#38c; fair to choice malting barley,
55@57c; No. 1 flaxseed, %\ 43; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 47; prime timothy seed, $5 55@5 60; mesa
pork, per barrel, $13 75@13 80; lard, per 100
pounds; $9 42%@9 45; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 20@8 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 62%
<37 75; short clear sides (boxed). $8 80@8 90;
whisky, basis of high wines, $130; sugars, cut
loaf. — .
The Hay market continues In very good shape
for sellers. The feeling is very firm, and oc
casionally a car of choice sells 60c over the
quotations. Receipts are moderate.
There is nothing new in Feedstuffs.
v Straw is higher.
BKAN— $20<8>20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
-FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S; Jobbing.
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20jJ2l; Corn Meal,
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35; Mixed Feed,
$18@19.
HAY— Wheat, $8® 10 50; Choice. $H; Wheat
and Oat, $7 60@10 50; Oat, $T-60@9; Barley and
Oat $6 oO@8 50; Alfalfa, $8®10 50; Clover, $3 50
@7; Volunteer. $5@7; Stock. $5@6 per ton.
. STRAW— 30@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, «« Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c £ Salted Calf, 10®
10%c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. Me; Dry Kip.
16?; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and B 1 *?**' -.-"?,•
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each: short V, hx>1.
40@60c each; medium, 60@75c; l°ng/VVool., 90c©
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. *2 oO®2 « for
large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1 To for email
and 50c for Colts; Horse .Hides .dry $1 7p , for
large, $1 2301 50 for medium, $1 2» for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins-Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 3oc.
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. I rendered, 5»
6%o per lb; No. 2, 4®4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOLr-Spring. 19pO or 1901— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, UCT
15c do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9®
lie; Nevada, 10@12c. ,
Fall-San Joaquln, 6%©8%c: San Jof^i?
Lambs'. 7%<89c; Middle County, S@10c: *»°r«;;
em Mountain, free. 9@Uc; do, defective. 8<gJc.
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9(gl0c for fair and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice. . .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hups.
Wall street firmer at an advance.
Sterling Exchange steadier. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures continue to weaken off.
Oats rule firm, with a good demand.
Barley, Corn and Rye very dull.
Hay dealers report a brisk and firm market. Straw higher*
Beans still dull and "xeak.
Butter and Eggs easy and slow at the high prices.
Prunes weak here and firmer in New York.
Raisins kept unsettled by the opposing cliques.
Provisions continue to decline at Chicago. ,
Meat market as previously quoted.
Poultry and Game quiet.
Potatoes and Vegetables about as before.
Very fair trading mi the local stock exchange.
Consolidated Gas 3.40O 217% 214 217
Continental Tobacco pfd ICO 114 114 114%
General Electric 600 254% 252% 255
Glucose Sugar ...; 800 46 45% 46
Hocking Coal ....; 400 17% 17 17
International Paper 2,600 24 22 23%
International Pap pfd.. 1,700 79 76 79 Vi
International Power 100 90 90 85%
Laclede Gas , 90
National Biscuit . 41%
National Lead. 100 19% 19% 19%
National Salt 100 31 SI 30
National Salt pfd 400 65 61% 65
North American 600 95% 95 94
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Mail 1,400 41% 42% «%
People's Gas 4,700 105% 104V4 105V*
Pressed Steel Car .. 200 38% 3S% 38%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 100 79% 78% 78
Pullman Palace Car.... 100 216% 216% 217
Republic Steel 500 14%. 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd eoo 66 65 66
Sugar 27,200 118% 115% 118%
Term Coal &• Iron....... 2,600 61 5S% 60%
Union Bag & Paper Co. ....." 15
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 400 72% 71 72%
United States Leather.. 1,600 12% 12 12
United States Leath pfd 900 • 80 79% 80
United States Rubber... ZOO 15 15 14%
United States Hub pfd.. 300 62% 60. 50
United States Steel .... 17,600 43% 43% 43>i
United States Steel pfd. 10,900 93% 9S 93H
Western Union 1,500 91% 90% 91%
Total sales 663,300
'CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg....lO9 L & N unified 4s.. .103%
Do 2s, coupon... 109 Mex Cent 4s 84%
Do Is, reg J ......J07% Do 1st inc. 81
Do Ss, coupon.. .108 Minn & St L 4s... 103
Do new 4s. reg..l39 M. K & Tex 4s.... 99
Do new 4s, ooup.133 Do 2ds 80
Do old 4s, reg....ll2 N Y Cent lsts,...105%
Do old 4s, coup. 112 Do gen 3%s 109
Do 6s, res 107% N J C gen 5s 130%
Do 6s. coupon.. .107% Nor Pac 4s 104%
Atch gen 4s .103% Do 3a 72}*
Do adj 4s 97% Nor & V? con 4s. ..103
Bal & Ohio 4s.... 102 Read Gen 4s 95%
Do 3%s 95% 8 L & I M con 5s. 115%
Do conv 4s 105% St Louis & S F 4s. 96%
Can So 2ds 107 St Louis S lsts.... 98%
Central of Ga 6s.. 106% Do 2ds 78
Do let inc 72 S A & A Va.su 4s.. 86
Chen & Ohio 4%s..lO6% So Pacific 4s 92
Chi & Alton 3%s... 84% So Railway 6s 117V4
C. B & Q new 4s.. 97% Texas & Pac lsts. .119 .
C. M & S P gen 4s.ll0'.4 T. St L & W 4s.... 80
Chi & N con 7s.... 139% Union Pacific 4S...105V1
C, R I & Pac 48.. 106 Do conv 4s 106%
C, C, C & S L gn4slO3 Wabasih lsts 119%
Chi Term 4s ...... 93% Do 2ds 110
Colo & So 4a ST'V Do deb B (SU
Den & R G 4s. ...102*4 West Shore 4a ....113%
Krle prior lien 4s. 97T« W & L Erie 4s.... 90
Krle General 4s.... STU Wla Cent 4a ss'..;
F W ADC ImTb.,102% Con Tobacco 4s.... 65%
Hocking Ynl 4%s.,106»i
1 MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15, Little Chief 11
Alice 52 Oi>hlr 65
llreece ".. 140 Ontario 1100
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl ...» ('2
Con Cal & Va 1 60 flavaye 06
Dwidwood Terra... 60 Sierra Nevada .... 12
Horn Silver 1 .40 Small Hopes 40
Iron Sliver f»S Standard 3 35
Lcadvlllc Con .... 07 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 97%
Call loans 3%PM% West End 93
rime loans 3 Q5 Westing Elect 70
Stocks — Bonds —
AT & St Fe 77% N E G & C 5 61%
Do prefd f6% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar US>i Advn.nture 24%
Amer Telephone... .155% lJln.t4h.-un Min Co.. 31
Boston Elevated... .1(59 Amal Copper 89%
Boston & Maine.. .132 Calumet & Hecla.650
Dom Coal 44% Centennial 21
Do prefd 117% Franklin 17VJ
U S Steel 43% Humboldt 5
Do prefd 93%iOsceola 101%
Fltchburg prefd ..142 Parrot 41Vi
Gen Electric 254 Qulncy 163
Mex Central 23 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
N E G & Coke.... 5% Utah Mining 24%
Old Colony 206% Winona 2%
Old Dominion...... 206% Wolverines 59%
Rubber 14%
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:'
The better feeling in the stock market con- |
tlnues, although trading Is quiet. The Ameri
can department attracted the most attention to
day, dealings In that group steadily increasing
in volume, developing into a burst of activity
on the street after the close of business. In
the upward movement the coal stocks, particu
larly Norfolk and Western, led, with Atchison
and Union Pacific also popular. The bear con
tingent here is rapidly taking to cover, appar
ently looking upon the campaign for lower
prices as exhausted. Money on call, 1 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Anaconda. 7?£; Atchison,
78%: Atchison preferred, 98%; Canadian Pacific,
111%; Denver and Rio Grande, 44%; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 93^4; Northern Pacific,
98%; Southern Pacific, 57%; Union Pacific, 99;
Union Pacific preferred, 90.
Bar Silver— Steady, 26 ll-16d per ounce.
Money— 1@1% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Close— Money on call
was steady at 3@3% per cent; last loan, 3 per
cent; ruling rate, 3% per cent; prime mercan
tile paDer, 4',4@5 per cent. Sterling exchange
was strong, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 86% for demand and at $4 84% for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 84%@4 S5 and
$4 S6%@4 87; commercial bills, $4 83@4 83%. Bar
silver. \u25a0 57%c; Mexican dollars, 45%c. Bonds —
Government, strong-; States, inactive; railroad3,
strone.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances show: Available cash
balance, $174,061,617; gold, $100,904,091.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15® 3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual -discount to the trade; Graham
Flour. ?3 Der 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; "Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, 14
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, %Z 50; Farina, ?4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, {6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Milhtuffs.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 67% 67% 67H 67%
December 69% 69% 69H 69}i
May , 12% 12% .72% 72%
Corn No. 2— ' '
October 65% 63H 65 66
December 66y, 66^4 56% 56%
May 57% 68 •" 57% 68
Oats No. 2—
October 34^ 34U 34% 84^«
December 35% 35% S 5^ 35 %
May ...: 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess pork, per barrel-
October 13 75
January 14 97M. 14 52^4 14 85 14 92%
May 1510" 1510 14 95 15 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 9 52% 9 52% 9 42% 9 42%
November 9 30 9 37% 9 25 9 25
January 8 97% 8 97% 8 85 8 90 .
May 8 97% 8 97% 8 85 8 90
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 8 25 8 30 8 25 8 27%
January' 7 85 7 85 7 73 7 80
May 7 92% 7 92% 7 80 7 87%
after another thousand tons. . and the market
rules very firm in consequence. Offerings, how
ever, are ample for all current needs, and
prices remain stationary. The local consump
tive demand Is fair.
Grays. $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black.
?1@1 15. and red, $1 C5@l 20 per ctl. . .
CORN— Still nominal and unchanged.'
Eastern is quoted to arrive In bulk at $1 62' /3
for White. $1 52ft for Yellow and ?1 57ft@l 60
for mixed. - -
, RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
\ BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
gone off as fast as th« price of Hogs. Pork
is $1 65 lower than three weeks ago, .Hogs have
declined lc and Ribs 85c. Some £*?*"*„?£
very bearish and predict a further decline or ic
ln Thi 0 S S market continues steady enough but the
feeling is growing that the top has been
t °?TTRT ; r) MEATS— Bacon, .12%c per lb for
he^S? 1?%! 13c Tforllght medium. 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern s e ugfr-cufed Hams 14@ll^^aUfornla
"am*. 13^Me f s Beef^ U P^ barrel . extra
i^Textra'cie!?: %: ? Mess. $19; Smoked Beef.
"LARI^rfe'r'ces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
comt R u I n^ T in r d Ce i2cV pure; talM>«Tel« , pure.
12>4c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tin. l->4c. 3-lt> «n&.
"rOTTOLENE— One half -barrel. lO&c; three
ha1?-bJrre£ lOUc: one tierce. 1014c; two tierces.
10c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
account I continued to depress . products gen
erally. January » pork and ribs closed 5c de
pressed, lard 24c lower.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
SAVINGS BANKS.
H e Jn?b?idr-:- M - = SE£J*5iV::m = ,
SSSSStav..-» - Union Trust.,1700 -<
San Franclsco.525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
Market „ 83% 89% I
POWDER.
Giant 75 76 |Vigorlt 4 4*4
SUGAR. •
Hana - 5% Kilauea ..:.... tftt -
Hawaiian ..... — 50 Makaweli £% -
Honokaa 10H 10U Onomea W5
Hutchinson ... 14>* 15 Paauhau 10 10ft
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 143 144 .Oceanic S 1 Co, 4(rti —
Cal rruit Can. 97 93 |Pac Aux F A. 2> -
Cal Wine Asn. 84% SSVijPac C Borax.. lfo —
Mer ExchngcllO — iPar Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
1 Alaska Packers' Association. ...... 143 30
20 Alaska Packers' Association 14o .»
40 Contra Costa Water £ w
30 Makaweli *J ?X
10 Market Street Railway 91 aO
50 Market Street Railway 91 CO
110 Market Street Railway 90 2o
40 Market Street Railway W £>
60 Market Street Railway 90 CO
10 Market Street Railway ••- »9 -o
55 Market Street Railway "»» «»
15 Oceanic Steamship Co *- w
$3,0CO SP of Arizona (1910) 1" 2a
50 S F Gas & Electric Co <- 09
10 S F Gas & Electric Co « 12'j
16 Spring Valley Water S3 oO
25 Spring: Valley "Water S3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Wine Association 86 00
B0 California Wine Association, a 90. . S3 00
120 California Wine Association 85 00
20 California Wine Association 85 23
60 Contra Costa Water •• 73 CO
10 Contra Costa Water 77 87*4
15 Contra Costa Water 77 o
60 Hana Plantation Co 5 CO
E00 Honokaa Sugar Company 10 1- i
50 Market Street Railway 88 50
SO Market Street Railway 83 75
$1,000 Market Street Railway 1st Con S«.122 23
10 Paauhau S P Co 10 W*
200 Paauhau S P Co 10 00
1S.0CO S P of Arizona <1009) 113 23
20 Spring Valley Water 8S 25
Etreet—
60 Contra Costa Water 73 <S)
100 Hutchlnion S P Co 14 75
$10,000 Los Angeles Lighting 5s 102 25
60 Market Street Railway S3 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board—
800 Caribou 75
5 Hanford 107 00
100 Independence I 1 *
1500 Independence 09
100 Kern River , 7 00
bco Hon. b 30 0!»
100O Monarch of Arizona 22
2CO Occident*! of West Virginia 3S
200 Occidental of West Virginia 3.
1200 OU City Petroleum 8
10 Peerless 5«
800 Reed Crudo s l
1C00 Reed Crud« *-*
43 San Jouquln Oil A Development 8 Ort
200 Sterling 1 < rt
800 Twenty-eight 1 *-»
200 Wolverine, b 30 «0
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard -1
100 Caribou 73
100 El Dorado «>
2 Hanford 103 CO
1500 Independence 0!»
700 Lion i 0*
2000 Lion. \u25a0 60 OS
200 Monarch of Arizona --'
1100 Monarch of Arizona 23
100 Peerless, b 90 B 50
135 San Joaquln Oil & Development 8 oo
100 Sovereign - n ,
100 Sterling 1 3.»a
100 Stirling 1 40
100 Wolverine, b 30 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th« San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher 16 600 Mexican 18
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 1200 Overman M
100 Confidence 75 250 Sierra Nevada. 14
SO Confidence 76 400 Union Con 13
200 Hale & Norc... 13 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 07
Afternoon Session. . •
200 Belcher OS I 200 Challenge 10
600 Best & Belcher 15 400 Mexican 11
700 Best & Belcher 14 1 200 Ophir 70
50 Best & Belcher 131 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. '
3C0 Best & Belcher 15 250 Savage 09
250 Con Cal & Va..l 65 250 Savage 10
150 Confidence 63 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
500 Crown Point... 07 900 Union Con 13
200 Ophir 70
Afternoon Session. I
300 Best & Belcher 15 200 Mexican ._...'.. 14
3C0 Best & Belcher 13 200 Mexican 13
50 Con Cal'& Va..l 65 350 Ophir ,.... 63
300 Crown Point... 06 200 Sierra Nevada. 1*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Oct. 10—1 p. m.
Alpha — 02 Justice 02 04
Alta 03 03 Kentuck — 02
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 08 09 Mexican 12 H
Best «i Belcher 13 14 Occidental 05 GS
Bullion — 02;Ophir 68 69
Caledonia 23 23iOverman 04 ot>
Challenge Con. 10 HiPotosl 06 07
Chollar 05 07 Savage 10 11
Confidence 6S 70 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 Seg B»ich?r .... 02 C3
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Xf-.aia. 13 14
Con New York. 01 — Sliver Kill 31 32
Crown Point... 05 07 St I/.uis 03 M
Eureka Con 14 — Standard 3 30 —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 03 05 Un.oa C«vx ..... 12 i:>
Hale & Norc... 12 13 Utan 02 'J3
Julia — 01 Yeilow Jacket.. 06 b?
S,T;AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Bach to Robert Behlow, lot on E line
of Eureka street, 99:8 S of Seventeenth S 37
by E 125; $10.
M. E. Uebner (-wife of Eu. J. "Uebner) to Fred
erick and Lena Uebner. lot on NW corner of
Mason and Greenwich streets, N 13:4 by W
60; $10. •
Antoine and Grade Borel (by attorney) to
Pierre Bauchou. lot on .W line of Eleventh ave
nue, 130 N of California street, N 25 by W
Dominick Fuchs to Peter Vonah lot on NW
line of Madrid street. 100 NE of Persia avenue
NE 50 by NW 100. block 28. Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
John Hart to Anna Hart, lot on SE corner of
Point Lobos avenue and Cook street. E 40 by
S 125; ~tft.
Motes and Carrie Adler to Belle Curtis (wife
of J. M.). lot on NW corner of Jackson and
Buchanan streets, W 31:4'*, by N 127:S>£: $10.
Laura I. Vale (widow) to Frederick C. Mor
gan, lot on N line of California street, 103 - l'£
W of Buchanan, W 34:4ft by N 132:G; $10. .
William Waukowski to Edward G. and Lyla
Koenlg, re-record 1480 D. 83, lot on S line of
Jackson street. 162:6 W of Broderick. W 25 by
S 127:8'i: $10. *
- Joseph and Bertha Budde, Hermann Wrede
Ceorge Goettinger (trustees In bankruptcy), Jo
seph Budde, Bridget and Mary O* Bryan and
Patrick O'Bryan (by R. H. Fitzgerald, com
missioner) to Charles J. Vath, lot on W line of
Baker street. 27 S of Page. S 22:6 by "W 100 ••
$4826. .
Henry Stockle to Anna Stockle. lot on SB
line of Kissling street, 126 NE of Twelfth E
23, N 80. SW 21:8. NW 80; $10. •
Andrew Baflgo to Teresa. Baflgo. undivided
half of lot on SE corner of Hampshire and
Twentieth streets. S 100 by E 50; $10.
Frank T. Meagher and Ralph W. Brlses to
Wlllard M. Sheldon, lot on W line of Mis
sion ntreet. 160:9^4 S of Twenty-third. S 100,
W 140. N 35. W 110, N 73. E 250; $10
Augusta D. Eckenroth to Louiss Kaufmann.
undivided third of lot on N line of Francisco
*treet, 87:8 W of Stockton. W 23 by N «8:5;
also lot on W line of Mason street. SO N of
Sacramento. N 20 by W 60; $10.
John and Mary C. Dougherty to George
Dougherty, lot on NW corner of Bay and
John W. Mackay and Richard V Dey (trus
tees estate Theresa Fair) to Theresa A. Oel
rlchs and Virginia Vanderbllt (both nee Fair),
lot on NW corner of Jones and Pine streets.
W 232:8 by N 137:6: also lot on SW corner of
Plna and Taylor streets. W 137:6 by S 137:«;
Frank K. and Gertrude Peabody to McNab &
Smith (a corporation), lot on SE line of Br'an
nan street. 206:3 NE of Ninth. NE 103 :1H by
SE 273; also quitclaims to following: Com
mencing In 100 vara lot 33S..273 SE of Brannan
street, and 240-.TH SW of Eighth. SE 50 by SW
103: l^i ; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
"Investor" (a corporation) to Patrick Big
gins, lot on W line of Vermont street, 166:3
N of Twenty-third (Nevada), N 33:4 by W 100;
$10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus. T.
G, Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow. executors>
to Alex and Auguslna McPherson, lot on S
line of Cortland avenue. 100 W of Bennington
street. W 25 by S 112:6, lot 10. block 6>Falr"9
subdivision: $445
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company to
Thomas and Mary Lister, lot on SE line of
London street, 30 SW of Brazil avenue. SW
23 by SB 100, block 12. Excelsior Homestead;
$10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Harvey
Hunt, lot in cemetery; $36.
Harvey Hunt to Luther C. Wlckes, lot In
Masonic Cemetery; $130.
M. Sheftel (owner), with Ira W. Coburn (con
tractor), architect William Koenlg— Excava
tion, foundations, concrete, brick, carpenter
and mill work, lumber, plastering:, tinning,
glass and glazing, rough hardware and electric
work for a three-story and basement frame
bulldlnpc (flats) on the N line of Pasre street
231:3 W of Ashbury. N 137:8 by W 23; total
54900.
Mrs. M. E. Reene (owner), with Walker
Bros. Company (contractors), architect Albert
Sutton— All work for a .three-story and base
ment frame bulldlnsr (flats) on the N line of
"Washington street. 133 W of Polk "W 28 by N
127:3.U: total, $13,800.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10SEATTLE, Oct. 10.^-The steamer Queen
sailed to-day for Cape Nome with nine
teen passengers and several hundred tons
of freight. She is the last vessel to leave
any port for Nome this season and the
only communication. " with " that district
until next summer will 'be by the over
lsnd winter routes. A number of Nome
steamers are now in the north and are
expected to collectively bring out about
4000 passengers.
Last Vessel Leaves for UTome.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— The Women's
Foreign Missionary Society continued in
convention to-day at the First Methodist
Church, Mrs. J. H. Glide leading the ser
vices Mrs. H. E. P&ttee addressed the
assembly on the subject of the Southern
California Conference of the society. The
total remittances of the society for the
year are $7426. The surplus apportion
ments amounted to $1256.
Missionary Workers in Session.
Battleship Wisconsin Ready for Sea.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The battleship
Wisconsin, which is to take Rear Ad
miral Casey to Tutulla, Samoa, to Inves
tigate the charges against Captain Tilley,
has come out of dock at Puget Sound
and is practically in readiness for the long
voyage. The battleship Oregon has taken
her place In the dry dock and will now
undergo permanent repair of the Injuries
sustained when she grounded on a reef
in the China Sea while proceeding toward
the seat of the Boxer troubles in the sum
mer of 1900. She underwent temporary re
pairs at the Kobe dry dock, in Japan,
Eoon after the accident.
The alleged anarchist who speaks every
night at the corner of Market street and
Grant avenue was bombarded from the
neighboring housetops again last night
Shortly before 0 o'clock-when the crowd
that gathered to hear the speaker ex
plode his dynarcite doctrines was the
thickest a well-directed volley of large,
over-ripe tomatoes descended upon the
meeting. The tpectators scrambled In all
directions, but the speaker remained upon
the platform, where ho became the sole
target of fully fifty tomatoes. Failing to
rout the alleged anarchist with tomatoes
the citizens treated him to another bom
bardment of eggs.
Anarchist Bombarded Again.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— The Express
says: "The Randsburg Railway is to be
extended to Keeler. The latter Is a ter
minal point of the Carson and Colorado
Railroad built by D. O. Mills ajid trans
ferred to the Southern Pacific before the
death of Collis P. Huntington. Senator
Chauncey M. Depew is at the head of the
syndicate owning the Randsburg line,
which is controlled by officials of the New
York Central. Rights of way for the
proposed extension are being secured.
Will Extend Randsburg 1 Railway.
Constable Arrests a Dentist.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 10.— Dr.; Ludlum
Hill, a dentist of San Franciscb. was ar
rested this afternoon by Constable Trean
or for acting in a. violent manner.- threat
ening to shoot his wife and children and
for flourishing a rifle in a threatening
manner. He was handcuffed and brought
to San Rafael, where he was placed in
charle of the Sheriff. Hill will be exam
ined to-morrow and probably, will be _ sent
to one of the State hospitals. His home
was in Larkspur, where he was arrested.
Attacked With Pitchfork.
P. E. Ambioflli, who is employed on
John Baumgarten's ranch, 113 Silver
avenue, secured a warrant yesterday for
Baumgarten's arrest on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. He said that
Baumgarten found fault J with him
Wednesday night for not bringing the
cows home in time and assaulted him. He
defended himself and Baumgarten rushed
into the stable and seizing- a pitchfork
struck Ambrofili on the head with it. He
also attempted to stab him with the tines,
but only succeeded in bruising his skin.
Min« Superintendent's House Burned
MILTON, Oct. 10.— The residence of Su
perintendent Weatherwax of the Mirdena
mine at Campo Seco- was destroyed by
fire last evening. The contents, among
which were a valuable piano, jewelry and
silverware, already partly packed for
shipment to Washington, are a total loss,
without Insurance. :
McKinley Monument Fund.
The following statement on the present
condition of the McKinley monument fund
was issued from the Mayor's office yes
terday: . ]
Received yesterday— Andrew B. McCreery,
$250; Neustadter Bros.,' $50; O. H. Greenwald,
$50; The Russ Estate Company, $50; Stanford
Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W., $25; Yokohama
Specie • Bank, $25; A. J. Pra«er & Sons, $10;
E. H. Tryon. $10; cash, W. M. & S., $10; Pacific
Coast "Waiters' Association, $10; The Schmiedell
Estate, $10; L. E. Lee, $1; Peter Glroux, $1;
total. $502; previously reported; $16,643 67; total
to' date, $17,145 67. , . .^
Robbers Open Combination Lock.
PASADENA, Oct! - 10.— Burglars gained
entrance to the office of the Independent
Ice Company last night, and opening the
safe plundered it; of $8150 in cash. The
peculiar feature of the case is that the
safe was opened by working the combina
tion lock.
.Will Reduce Duty on Machinery.
' LONDON/ Oct. 11.— "The „ Russian Min
ister of Agriculture," says a dispatch to
the Times from Odessa, "is framing a
project for the gradual reduction of the
duty on imported agricultural machin
ery." '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0
Sent to the Hospital.
Patrick Sullivan, a laborer, engaged in
a fight with another laborer at '\u25a0 Pacific
and Sansome streets last night, and when
Police Officer Nelson attempted to place
them under arrest Sullivan tried to fight
him. As a result the pugnacious laborer
was afterward taken to the Receiving
Hospital,- where a number of cuts in his
head, the result of coming in contact with
the policeman's club, were stitched. After
his wounds Were dressed Sullivan was
booked on charges of battery and disturb
ing the peaces
Sudden Death of Fireman Gough.
: . J. H. Gough, a marine fireman, died sud
denly last Wednesday morning on board
the steamer Iaqua, from San Diego. He
had been on a spree in that city and had
drunk up $150 worth of liquor. He some
times went by the nalneiJ Cameron.
Iiicenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Alvie W. Sans, 23
years, Watsonville. and Eunice Smith, 21,
San- Francisco; Nicholas Tlckwitza, 31,
Sacramento, and Rene Allen, 30, Angela
Camp; Manuel C. Garcia, 26, Pleasanton,
and Josephine S. . Lawrence, 22, Contra
Costa County; Malcombe R. Bankhead,
over 21.' and Sadie Louisa Bankhead, over
IS. but_h of Oa-klajld.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Rev. E. R. Dille
will deliver a lecture at the First Metho
dist Church to-morrow evening upon
"London, the World's Metropolis." The
lecture, being educational in its character,
will be free. .
Run Over by Wagon.
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— C. O. Parkhurst.
who runs a dairy in the Berkeley Hills.,
back of the Claremont district, had his
shoulder broken last night by being
thrown from his wagon on the Summit
grade east of the Garber reservoir. Park
hurst was driving a heavy load of hay
out of the hills and on the steep grade at
the Summit started to apply the brake.
His foot slipped and he fell to the ground,
the front wheel running over his left
shoulder, breaking one of the bones In
three places. The injured man was re
moved to an Oakland hospital.
FRESNO, Oct. 10.— The Rev. J. A.
Bkaggs opened the third day's session of
the Cumberland Presbyterian Church Con
vention this morning with a prayer. The
Rev. W. S. Macon conducted the devo
tional exercises. At 11 o'clock the Rev.
R. H. Saunders delivered a sermon. At
2 p. m. the Christian Endeavor rally was
held. "The Fountain for Workers" was
discussed by W. H. Price; "Life's Chart"
by the Rev. J. XV. Stone; "Our Juniors,"
Miss Bertie Baker; "Solid Reasons." the
Rev. F. Z. King; "Holy Unto the Lord."
the Rev. A. M. Prewltt. To-night the
meeting: of the missionary council was
held. O. A. Baker of Merced was elected
president, S. W. BIythe of Downey vice
president. \u25a0'
Presbyterians Meet in Fresno.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Judge Ellsworth
set the trial of the divorce suit of Sarah
E. S. Smith against Wilson M. Smith for
to-morrow afternoon in his court. Fred
W. Leonard was granted a divorce from
Nellie E. Leonard on the ground of de
sertion. The divorce case \u25a0 of - John A.
Smithlen against Frances Smithlen was
referred to a court commissioner. Bmma
Pederson brought suit for divorce from
G. Karsten Pederson for cruelty. Lewis
R. James asks for a divorce from Allda
James for desertion. Mrs. Emma Appei
dorn has asked that her suit against
Charles Appeldorn be dismissed.
Divorce Record for One Day.
A suit for $10,000 damages was filed
against J. Looney. yesterday by A. Suger
man. In his complaint Sugerman alleges
that Looney called him "A thief"
on two different occasions and prays that
the court allow him $5000 for each time.
Sugerman Values His Reputation.
DENVER, Oct. 10.— News was received
in Denver to-day that Ernest Seton-
Thompson, the noted writer on wild ani
mals and perhaps the greatest authority
in the world upon the subject, and John
Goff , Colorado's famous guide, who ac
companied President Roosevelt on* his
mountain lion hunt, have been arrested
in Rio Blanco County for a violation of
the game laws of Colorado. The arrest
was made by Deputy Game Warden Bush
The specific charges against the men
were baiting a bear trap with venison and
running dogs after a deer.
Mr. and Mrs. Seton-Thompson passed
through this city about a month ; ago on
their way to the northwestern part of the
State, where they proposed to spend tha
fall studying the habits of wild animals
They went into camp about thirty miles
south of Craig and have spent the entire
time photographing the wild animals of
that section and examining into their
habits and haunts.
Both gentlemen deny the charges made
against them. • v
Noted "Writer and His Guide Accused
of Violating the State Game
Laws.
EHNEST SETON-THOMPSON
ARRESTED IN COLORADO
. SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 10.— The identity of
the two men who hired a boat from
Charles Forrest at Sausalito yesterday
which was later found empty and float
ing in the' bay has probably been! estab-
G E. Mullaney was seen at Sausalito
this afternoon and stated that he knew
both men. He said they were John Mur
phy, a man Interested in the saloon busi
ness in San Francisco, and E. Mullaney,
,a young man employed, in a poolroom in
that city. Mullaney said:
"I was with both of them before they
took the boat. We had several drinks
together. They came over from the city
and played several races before they went
fishing I knew the boat they had and
am positive. However, I do not believe
that they are drowned. Both are power
ful swimmers, and I believe they could
r Mullaney is the only one In Sausalito
who pretends to know anything about the
missing men. It is such a common thing
for men to hire boats at this season that
no attention is paid to such a matter. It
nas occasionally occurred, and may be
probable in the present Instance, that the
men went ashore and sent the boat adrift.
Parties have done this several times in
the past.
SAYS THAT THE MEN
WERE SAN FRANCISCANS
Sausalito Resident Believes He Knew
Persons Who Hired Boat and
Disappeared.
A burglar entered a candy store on Lar
kin street, near O'Farrell, yesterday and
at the- point of a pistol forced Joseph
Kirsch. a young man who was in charge
of the store, to hand over a small amount
of money which was in the till. The mat
ter was reported to the police.
Daylight Bobhery.
Borrows Gets Five Months.
William Borrows, alias Charles Home,
the "dope fiend," who ran amuck at Third
arid Market streets Saturday night, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
on the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. The complaining witness was
Miss Susie Stafford of Benicia, who was
cut on the mouth by Borrows. As there
was no evidence to show that Borrows
used a deadly weapon the Judge reduced
the charge of battery and sentenced him
to serve five months in the County Jail.
He had been previously sentenced to pay
a fine of $50 for disturbing the peace.
Charles Gordon, a special officer,
charged with battery on Daniel Sweeney,
an Examiner artist, was acquitted by a
iury in Judge Fritz's court yesterday after
a. short deliberation. It was conclusively
s^own that Gordon merely acted within
hts rights as a special officer.
Gordon Is Acquitted.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 10.— Joaquin Diaz
p £ ie . t0> wno is closely in touch with the
affairs of the Government of Mexico and
who was recently appointed Consul at
this point, commenting to-day upon the
new phases of the isthmian canal ques
tion, said that the commercial interests of
Mexico are particularly anxious for the
construction of the canal and the Govern
ment is gratified over the probable abro
gation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
•Mexico would be pleased to see a neu
tral commercial canal constructed by this
country alone. That republic is planning
the rapid development of its western
coast by opening seaports and rich min
ing, agricultural and coffee lands. The
completion of the isthmian . canal would
be of tremendous commercial importance.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— General G.
Andrade, Mexican Consul in this city, has
been instructed by his Government to ap
prehend Theodore Tejera, former cashier
in the Customs-house at Ensenada. Mex
ico, who Is charged with the defalcation
of $15,000. General Andrade has furnished
the local police with a description of the
alleged defaulter, who is expected to ap
pear at some point in Southern California.
Tejera disappeared from Ensenada Fri
day night, his alleged shortage not being
discovered until next day. It was when
an attempt was made to apprehend ie
jera that the telegraph wires out of En
senada were found to be cut. According
to the information given out here, Te-
Jera's books show an apparent shortage
of $15 000 Mexican. In addition to this it
is alleged he took $id00 of the private
funds of Don Pedro Victorlo Last, Collec
tor of the Port of Ensenada. Tejera is
said to be a member of one of the most
prominent families in the State of \era
Cruz. ' .
Mexico Gives Orders for
' the Arrest of a
Cashier.
F. C. Madsen, who recently arrived in
this city from Newman, Stanislaus Coun
ty, near which place he had been work
ing with a crew drilling an oil well, was
tho victim of a brutal attack by highway
men last night. Madsen took a room at
1101 Bryant street and \u25a0 last night visited
some saloons in the vicinity. The robbers
saw him exhibit money and, following
him from one of the resorts, knocked him
down with a sandbag and took $30 from
him. Madsen's nose was broken, his eyes
closed and his chin was gashed. His
wounds were . dressed at the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Newman Man Sandbagged.
Merchants Anxious That
Uncle Sam Should
Act Alone. .
According to the police the woman's
husband enlisted a year or more ago in
a United States engineering company. At
about the same time Neilson secured a
place on one of the army transports ard
it is said came back a third officer. Upon
his return from his first trip to the Phil
ippines he carried a letter of introduction
to Mrs. Carroll from her husband, and
from that time on became a visitor at her
parents' home.
NEW TORK, Oct. 10.— Mrs. Lucy H.
•Carroll, who lived with her father at 76
South Elliott place, Brooklyn, was shot
and seriously wounded at her home early
"to-day by a man known as Captain John
B. Neilson. The woman was shot three
times. Neilson then shot himself in the
right temple and died Instantly. Mrs. Car
roll told the police that she had known
Neilson for some time, that he had paid
her much attention and had been- jealors
of her recently. Neilson was about 35
years old, and was at one time a sea cap
tain. Mrs. Carroll is about 30 years old.
Her father, whose name is Kornder, is a
dry goods merchant, with a place of busi
ness in Brooklyn.!
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Stricken by recur
rent affection of the heart, a malady to
which he has long been subjected, Mar
quis Ito, the former Premier of Japan, is
confined to his room at the Auditorium
Annex and may be forced to abandon his
prospective tour of the United States. His
condition is such that his attendants are
much distressed concerning him. All plans
for the visit In Chicago were laid aside
and no arrangements were made for the
continuance of the journey. F. Koyama,
the Marquis' physician, said to-night that
his condition was less hopeful than in the
early part of the journey.
"We may be forced to return to Japan
at any time because of his Excellency's
health, and for that reason we have made
our plans from day to day," he said. "It
was our hope that travel in this country
and in Europe would be of much benefit to
him and that rest from cares of state
would give him the needed strength."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— It Is the in
tention of the Navy Department to send
one of its vessels down to Panama In the
near future to relieve the battleship Iowa,
which has been watching over American
interests there during the unsettled con
dition of affairs on the isthmus and which
ie in need of docking and overhauling.
When this Is done the Iowa will proceed
down to Talcahuano, Chile, to dock, and
will be the first big American ship to go
into dock outside the United States. It
has not been decided what vessel will .re
lieve the Iowa, but it will probably be the
protected cruiser Philadelphia, which is
now cruising along the coast of Califor
nia with the naval militia of that State.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 10.— H. M. S.
Amphion, the second largest ship on the
Pacific station, has been ordered to Pan
ama by the British Admiralty to look
after British interests there during the
progress of the rebellion. One ship, the
Icarus, Is already there. In the spring
the two torpedo boat destroyers Virago
and Sparrow Hawk, which have been
here for several years, will cross the Pa
cific to Join the Asiatic squadron. They
would go sooner, but It is not considered
safe for them to make the trip during the
winter season. One of the larger ships
will accompany them.
United States and Great Britain
Guard Interests on the Isthmus.
WARSHIPS SENT SOUTHWARD
He, Wounds Her Three
Times and Then Com
mits Suicide.
Japanese Statesman Is
Again Suffering From
Heart Disease.
MARQUIS ITO
IS VERY SICK
University of California and Olympic
Club football elevens played a fast prac
tice game yesterday on the Berkeley grid
iron. Captain Cadwalader of the Olym
pics had several new men out. Berkeley
played on the offensive during the first
half and on the defensive in the second.
Dr. Simpson, - Berkeley's clever head
coach, and his associates were on the field
by agreement. They stood behind the
"backs" and directed the various plays.
Overall of Berkeley missed a try for goal.
Cadwalader and Lieutenant Bettison, a
former West Point player, took him in
hand and gave him some valuable in
formation, i \u25a0'
Fast Football Practice.
JEALOUS LOVER
SHOOTS WOMAN
The third annual benefit in aid of the
charity fund of the Associated Theatrical
Managers of San Francisco will take
place at the Grand Opera-house next
Thursday afternoon. The performance,
which will be one of the best ever given
in the city, will commence at 1 o clock
and will last fully four hours. All of the
different* theaters will lend the best talent •
showing at the playhouses during the cur-
At a meeting of the theatrical managers
held yesterday afternoon at the Orpheum
it was decided to donate half of the gross
receipts of the performance to the Me-.
Kinley memorial fund. James D. Phelan.
Rolla V. Watt, J. R. Howell. A. A. Wat
kins, William Greer Harrison and F. W.
Dohrmann, who compose the memorial
fund committee, thanked the managers •
heartily for their kindness and promised
to co-operate with them to make the af
fair a grand success. Tickets have been
placed at H and $2 and may be obtained
at any theater or from members of the
memorial committee.
Third Annual Performance Will Taka
Place at Grand Opera-house
Next Thursday.
THEATRICAL MANAGERS'
CHARITY FUND BENETIT
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 of the Wood
men of the World entertained its friends
in Native Sons' Hall last night with an
illustrated lecture on the Yosemite Valley
by Neighbor J. J. Lerman. Mr. Lerman,
who is secretary of the Yosemite Com
mission, delivered a very interesting, ac
count of the valley and all points of in
terest therein, illustrating the same with
a number of views, which he had taken
himself. In addition there was a pro
gramme of several numbers of vocal and
instrumental music. \u25a0 The evening closed
with dancing, which was greatly enjoyed
by the many couples on the floor. The
function was under the direction of Neigh
bors John S. Patterson, E. ,D. Malvin and
George C Rouse. ,
Lecture to Woodmen.
day. She was in love with her admirer
and accepted him.
Now that the story is out, Mrs. Wil
liams' neighbors recall her numerous trips
recently to the LIvermore ranch, and that
no longer ago than three weeks did young
air. Williams drive to the Haywards place
with a load of hay.
At what time the new husband, who is
now at the LIvermore ranch, will Joh>; his
w.fe at the Haywards residence has not
been announced.
FORMER WIDOW WHO WED
DED YOUNG RANCHER HALF
HER AGE.
CONSUL SEEKS
THE FUGITIVE
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— P. W. Owen,
a senior in the College of Social
Sciences, has written this year's
prize football song for the Uni
versity of California. It is en
titled "Foot-Ball-Ball-Ball" and won the
prize offered by the student executive
committee. There were one hundred com
petitors for the prize. i
Each year new songs and yells are
wanted for noise-making at the intercol
legiate game and each year dozens of stu
dents puzzle their brains for something
new and. novel. Good yells are particular
ly hard to secure and although many were
submitted this term none were considered
worthy of prizes.
Owen's song is written to the tune of
"Copn-Coon-Coon" and is as follows:
Blue; blue, blue, wo sing for California, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Gold, gold, gold, we all shout rah! rah! rah!
Red, red, " red, that color we hate to see.
We'll swallow them up like Pharaoh In
' Bed, Red Sea.
Howl, howl, howl, then shout our oskl wow,
AH play ball and teach the lobsters how.
Tell, cry, bawl, just mash them to the wall,
We'll break their backs, disgrace them, in
foot-ball-ball-ball.
Tune: Chorus — "Coon-Coon-Coon."
An-a-ga-rah-rah-rah !
The second prize for songs went to
C. Regor. He built a song to the tune of
MEXICO WANTS
CANAL BUILT
"Dolly Gray," entitled "Good-by, Stan
ford, Dear." The words are:
Tou've had troubles of your own, Stanford,
dear;
With your manager pickin' th' bone, so we
' hear;
And your captain so conceited.
That you wish he wag "back-seated,"
And your rooters cursing Fate, Stanford, dear!
We are bound to win the game, Stanford dear!
"We've our hearts set on that game, over here.
We are pulling all together,
Good-by, Stanford, dear!
And that always means fair weather, "
And we'll sing to you that. night, Stanford,
dear! ft : •
Chorus.
Good-by. Stanford, you must leave us
Though we hate to have you go.
Something v tells us you are needed
On the farm at Palo Alto! •
May you there learn something useful,
At which you can succeed! . •
But if you want to learn of football.
'Berkeley's what you:,need! \u25a0 '.
We are going to that game; Stanford, dear,
And we'll yell till we are lame, Stanford, dear.
We've a team and we've a coach.
That you can't hope to approach.
For we're pulling all together, Stanford, dear!
And when it s all been done, Stanford, dear!
Won't you Join us in our fun. Stanford, dear?
1 But in case you feel too sore
We won't uree you any more,
But we'll sing as you depart, Stanford, dear!
The Rooters* Club will publish all the
college songs and yells this term in book
form. The book will be gratutlously dis
tributed among the college songsters
The heroine of this unusual elopement
is credited with much firmness of charac
ter, which does not brook what she con
siders unwarranted small talk on the part
of her -wide circle of acquaintances. Her
daughters, one of whom is Mrs. R. Reid,
wife of a Haywards druggist, do not at
tempt to openly comment upon their
mother's runaway match. Mrs. Williams
id content to say that she was in love with
her bucolic swain and that declaration
suffices to explain her action.
The youthful bridegroom, has been
known to his present wife for many
years, even \u25a0when he was a barefoot boy
on the farm. When he was perched upon
a load of hay hauled to the Hamilton
home the lad had the eye of his employer,
little dreaming perhaps that he should vo
socn become her life partner.
Mrs. Hamilton-Williams insists that the.
marriage resulted from a proposal she re
ceived from her new husband some time
before the wedding at Stockton on IVIon-
tonished her children and her
friends by clandestinely wedding Robert
Elmer Williams, a young farm hand on
her Livermore ranch, has settled down at
her beautiful country villa near Hay
wards, quite undisturbed by the publicity
and the gossip her unexpected move has
occasioned.
OAKLAND, Oct. lO.-Mrs. Frederick
Hamilton Williams, widow of the
late member of the firm of Percy
& Hamilton, architects, who as-
STANFORD IjNTVERSITT, Oct. 10.—
Prizes were awarded to-day in the compe
tition for yells and football songs, which
was instituted by the student body execu
tive committee. A large number of yells
and songs were submitted to the song
committee, composed of E. E. Gilman '01,
P. P. Parker '0a and A. S. Henley '04. It
awarded the prize for the best song to M.
A. Thomas Jr. '04. and for the yell to F.
B. Wagner '02. The song, "Just Because
They Hit That Line So Hard." is a catchy
hit on Professor Thomas Bacon's speech
to the University of California students,
in which he referred to Stanford football
players as fallen stars. The yell is com
posed of Spanish words and Is considered
one of the best that has ever been sub
mitted in a competition at Stanford.
The "Plug Ugly" committee of the ju
nior class — R. O. Hadley, P. P. Parker, C.
W. Thomas. Miss S. F. Bird and Miss M.
P. Chapman— has selected the plot writ
ien by C. D. McCornish '03 as the theme
for the "orgie" on the night of October
25. when the Juniors formally adopt the
"plug" as their class emblem. The "plug
ugly" will be given on the football grid
iron under the direction of C. W. Thomas
'03, assisted by the author, C. D. McCor
nish '03.
Committee Makes a Selection of Zar-
Splitting Whoop and Timely
Melody.
NEW YELL AND A SONG
FOB, THE CARDINAL MEN
The contract for furnishing the interior
finish, except the heating apparatus,
plumbing and electric wiring, of the San
Francisco Postoffice and Courthouse, is
awarded to the Davidson Bros." Marble
I'ompany of Chicago, $910,000.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 10.— Postofflces
established: "Washington— Tonaskoi, Oka
r.ogan County, Joseph B. Riste post
rr.aster. Postofflce discontinued. October
SI: California — Loma Prleta, Santa Cruz
County, mail goes to Aptos. Postmasters
commissioned: Washington — Joseph \V.
King, Asotin: Isaac B. Courtney, \u25a0 Cleve
land. Postmasters appointed: California—
T. C. McKenzie, Defender, Amador
County, vice S. W. Butler, resigned; R. D.
Hathaway, violin, Sonoma County, vice
C. A, Coats Jr., resigned. Oregon— A. S.
Duncan Wedderburn. Curry County, vice
C. S. Winsor. resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Original— War with Spain— Milton \\\
Eddy, Vallejo, ?6. Widows— Bertha R.
Cochrane, San Jose, $S. Increase—Wil
liam H. White, Lonoak, $8; Anson H.
Pheley, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8.
Oregon — Original — War with Spain —
Emil Ross, Aurora, $17. Widows— Kate L.
Ne.vton, Oregon City, ?8.
Washington— Increase— John J. Foley,
Yesler, ?S.
to a Chicago Firm.
Contract for Furnishing Interior of
New Postof fice Building Awarded
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
W. R. Smedbere, president; Dr. Benjamin R.
Swan, vice president; Dr. John C. Spencer,
secretary; J. E. de Ruyter, treasurer.
The invited guests were Bishop Henry
C. Potter, trustee of the university;
Bishop G. F. Seymour of Springfield, 111.,
'50; Bishop D. S. Tuttlc of St. Louis. Mo.,
'57; Bishop W. D. Walker of Western
New York, '59; Bishop H. Y. Satterlee of
Washington, D. C, '63; Bishop W. N. Me-.
Vickar of Providence, R. I., '65; W. Bay
ard Cutting, New York City, '69, trustee
of the university. Each of these gentle
men is in attendance at the sacred con
vention at Trinity Church.
The evening passed most delightfully in
a renewal of 'old-time college enthusiasm
and good-fellowship. Toasts were re
sponded to as follows:
*' Visitors." Bishop' Tuttle: "Our Alma Ma
ter,'.' Dr. Swan; "The Medicos," Dr. Sherman:
"Arts and Sciences," J. E. de Ruyter; "The
"Worker," Dr. Spencer.
The following officers were elected:
Colonel AV. R. Smedbergr, '57, arts; Benja
min R. Swan. M.D., '68. medicine; A. E. Reg
ensburger, M.D., '72, medicine; S. S. Kahn,
M.D., '77, medicine; AV. B. Lewitt. M.D., '78,
medicine; H. N. Sherman, M.D., 'SO, medi
cine; D. "W. Montgomery. M.D., '82, medicine;
John C. Srencer. M.D., 'S2. arts; J. E. de Ruy
ter, '83, arts; L. IT: Cory, Fresno, --'S3, law;
F. B. Carpenter, M.D., '83, medicine; A. D.
Keyes, '85, arts: E. N. Knjcelhard, '85, school
of mines; Elliott McAllister, "87, school of po
litical science: Benjamin Romaine, '89. law;
W. J. Adams, school of mines; H. \V.
Adams Jr., '00, law; E. F. Haas. '94, school of
mines; T. G. Russell, M.D., '99, medicine; C.
J. Bandman, school of mines; Max Margo
lis. University degree, '91.
Nineteen of the alumni of the Columbia
University of New York City met last
Saturday night at the Poodle Dog to or
ganize and participate in a banquet. The
affair was an/ enjoyable success. The
alumni who were present at the banquet
and the respective years of their gradua
tion are as follows:
Graduates of the Famous College Be
new Old Friendships and Or
ganize Themselves.
COLTJTOIA UNIVERSITY MEN
BANQUET AT. POODLE DOG
Drs. Rowell and Hatch, who testified at
the trial that they thought Adams Insane,
and Dr. Lustig of San Francisco will of
fer expert testimony at the insanity trial.
The same \u25a0witnesses may be summoned
who testified at his trial and the District
Attorney must conduct the proceedings,
counsel being allowed tc appear for the
defense. The defendant may be detained
until the jury determines the question of
his continuing insanity and if he is de
clared insane he may be committed to an
asylum.
It is understood that no contest will be
made by the defense to prevent Adams
being sent to an asylum and it is prob
able that the prosecution will be assisted
by the defense. Miss Adams is said to be
desirous of having her father detained in
some asylum until he recovers from his
insane tendencies and Adams himself has
said that he does not care much what 13
done with him.
Adams took an interest in all that went
on about him and seemed to have re
covered from his dejection.
The proceedings before Judge Meivin
were short and formal. After the session
began the court called up the matter and
at the end of a short discussion amons
the attorneys it was decided to fix the
trial for October 17. Adams was then
taken back to the County Jail for safe
keeping.
The verdict rendered by the jury in the
Adams case is without precedent in the
State, so District Attorney Allen says.
All verdicts in former murder cases have
pronounced upon the guilt or innocence of
the accused only, with perhaps a recom
mendation as to the severity of the pun
ishment, but in this case the jury decided
that the accused was "not guilty by rea
son of insanity." Provision is made in
the Penal Code for just such cases as this,
the declaration being made in section 116T
that where the jury renders a verdict of
acquittal on the ground of Insanity the
court may order a jury impaneled to In
quire whether the defendant is still in
sane.
Daughter Want3 Him Confined.
Recovers From His Dejection.
When the verdict was announced yes
terday afternoon Judge Melvin directed
the /Sheriff to restrain, the man who had
just been acquitted of murder until after
his trial for insanity and ordered him
brought into his presence this morning
for the purpose of fixing the time for
holding the proceeding.
Adams came into the courtroom this
morning accompanied by his daughter.
Miss Agnes S. Adams, and a deputy
sheriff. He limped slightly from the par
tial paralysis that affects his right side,
but otherwise his general appearance was
very much improved. He assumed a mora
erect attitude in his chair than he has
her?tofore and he was altogether neglect
ful of the watch he habitually handled
and the scant hair he stroked during the
progress of the trial.
Charles G.. Adams, the slayer of Dr.
John G. Jessup, who was acquitted yes
terday by a jury in Judge Melvin's court
by reason of his insanity, is destined to
face another jury before he is finally lost
to the public eye. Judge Melvin to-day
set Thursday, October 17, as the time for
the trial of the unfrocked clergyman be
fore a jury on an information of insanity.
On the result of that trial and the Ae
liberations of the jury depend whether he
remains in confinement or is given his
freedom.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 10. .
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 10.— The press
here is harmonious concerning the situa
tion in Afghanistan. Wie Svet to-day ex
presses unhesitatingly the thoughts that
others voice less outspokenly. The Svet
demands the- occupation of Herat and per
haps also other important frontier points
until Afghanistan is completely tranquil
ized, remarks that the moment is pro
pitious for a courageous advance and says
that England cannot be allowed to an
nex Afghanistan.
"Russia does 'not desire war against
India," the Svet adds, "since India would
bring only annoyance. But Russia r<;
quires peace on her Central Asian fron
tiers. If Russia controlled Afghanibtvm
peace with England would be assured."
All the papers agree that Russia must
counteract British designs.
The entire police force of Cabanag,
province of Tayabas, numbering eleven,
have been carried off by insurgents armed
Wly with bolos. Presumably the police
made no resistance, though they were
wen armed with carbines and revolvers.
MAXILA. Oct. 10.— A detachment of the
Twenty-first Company of Macabebes to
ay encountered a large force of insur
ants near Nipa. province of Batanga*
Lieutenant Beau of the Macabebes was
UUed and one of the force w^wounded
i he enemy was strongly intrenched Aft
i r two hours' fighting the Americans re
r^ated to await reinforcements -
S£ nd «PP«entIy Sple^y
Martin, a teacher at Mauban. was cap
•ured by insurgents while visiting a neigh
!? n ?rl own u^ er a * escort of native po
..ce. The next day his captors, relenting.
"** E? \u2666 hammo< * and carried him
l^^f o °i n t Wlthln , a m L le of the tow " and
released him, saying he was a non-com
fcst&nt.
Daughter Wants Her Father
• Detained Until His
Recovery.
Press of St. Petersburg Clam
ors for Movement to Shut
out Great' Britain.
Lieutenant Beau Is Killed
and One of His Men
Wounded.
Former Clergyman Will
Now Be Tried for
n Insanity.
Occupation of Frontier
of Afghanistan Is
Demanded.
Compel American Scouts
to Retreat After a
Sharp Fight.
ADAMS TO FACE
ANOTHER JURY
RUSSIA URGED TO
GRAB DOMAIN
INSURGENTS WIN
SLIGHT VICTORY
"FOOT-BALL-BALL-BALL"
TAKES BERKELEY PRIZE
Rooters \yill Exercise Their Voices on/ P. W.
Owen's Creation, Accepted as the Best
Out. of a Hundred Songs Submitted
MRS. WILLIAMS RETIRES
TO HER COUNTRY VILLA
Architects Widow, Who Married Yoiithfu'
Rancher, Resents Gossip, and Her State
ment That She Loved Him Will Suffice
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11 , 1901.
CLEVER TOUNG UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SENIOR WHO WROTE
THE FOOTBALL SONG THAT HAS BEEN AWARDED FIRST PRIZE
BY THE STUDENTS' EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
11
2JEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
A CLEANLY AGE.
Century Ideas Incline
Toward Sanitation and Preven-
tives.
Nowadays scientists belie-ve that in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention of
ciseases.
To prevent a disease remove the cause.
Just, as unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, bo careless habits will breed dan-
druff. Improper use of another's, brushes,
combs, etc., will surely cause dandruff,
and in time will just as surely cause bald-
ness.
/ It's microbic Infection, nothing more nor
kY'-fs. '.'.:":
Newbro's Herpicide kills the dandruff
, germ and causes hair to grow luxuriant-
ly. Herpicide ie absolutely free from
«rease or other injurious substances.
|§isSg||a»|BS?^^7J shooting qualities with a price within reach of every-
body's pocketbook. For sale by dealers everywhere.
f Jsl; gs^^^^P 1 ;3jHl1 FREE— Send name and address on postal card for 184-page catalogue.
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., iV^S^t]THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
12
SPIRITUALISM— Continued. _
HARMACHEIS, "greatest living occult medium,
healer: read.; treatments daily. 332 O'FarrelL
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
\u25a0 Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M BERNARD,
, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the" present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented,, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of lire;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
w}th special terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT.
Permanently located in my own home. WES-
LEY ORMAN, psychic, trance, clairvoyant
medium. Those calling to-day will receive
the benefit of my lowest fee, $1; hours, 10
a. m. to 7:30 o. m. 417 Ellis st.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. .
HIGH PSYCHIST.
I The most \u25a0wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ARNOLD & DICKSON tell everything; give
full names; readings 50c and 'fl; open even-
ings. 201 Turk st. '
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tel4s past, present,
future;full names given -.sittings 50c.32flA Ellis.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy. |
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
NATILLA, clairvoyant-palmist. 334 O'Farrell;
; one question free; occult sciences taught.
1 MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVTLL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader; send
I stamp for cir.; L.. 25c; G., 5Cc. 917 Howard.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladles 25c. gents 50c. A 2S Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader :palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149- Mission, over stort!.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448M: Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. P.AVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, ?1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work"
send to SPAULD ING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on' floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
i PARRY. 1511% Market st.; phone Mint 1095.
I AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning 'Co., 402 Sutter st.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
3S3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st J tel. South 250.
1 J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cur©.
DRXPUNCAN. :Pfi Kparny ?t.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELL?TS^g«icy^^o^hTrEprm^
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.-"
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
S5. 918 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$1S-^LO VEL Y sunny . cottage : cor. Cumberland
and Dolores sts. ; modern. ,- '
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market street^
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
lor painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, . $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket St., c/r. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; . extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 yeare; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors,- 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can eave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth sL
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without"" plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
leES extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete- business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, . etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at. the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor, Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept,
HEALD'S School of Mines, 24 Post st, S. F.-
Thorough courses; complete equipment; all
subjects pertaining to mining and mining en-
gineering; day and night.
A— The official reporters of. the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. |
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited . preparatory,
school for the university," law and . medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S School of Electrical Engineering —
Theory, demonstration, construction; labora-
tory and shop work;" thoroughly practical;
day and night. 24 Post et., San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA Business 'College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
r.ew 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Haliett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. • Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining,' inech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
. fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and tho
I Gregg \u25a0 shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
SPANISH, French.etaProf.DeFilippe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 613 McAllister st
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY F. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons; DOc; piano for -practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. ; \u25a0
'ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-House for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
HELP WANTED— MALB^^
A^^UR^A r r~XREADYvT7...r634-636 CLAY ST
phone Main 5S18
..".Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
special to-day
..'.... special to-day
r. r: trackmen :
r. b. trackmen
20 trackmen for tracklaying, new work, at
Ukiah for the Cal N. W. K. R. Co.'s own
work, to go to-day Free fare
\u25a0wages $2 a day Free fare
.... The above is company's work
ALSO FOR UKIAH TO-DAY
25 teamsters UKIAH FREE
25 laborers UKIAH FAKE
20 trackmen, company's own work..
MECHANICAL HELP
Tinsmith for a large company $2 50 day
Brick masons, helpers, mine company; 3 han-
dy men with carpenter tools; blacksmith's
helper; stone cutter, city job, $20 a week;
young man with some experience in carpen-
tering, city job; furnace man for a mine, $65
and house rent; porter that can repair stoves,
country furniture store; bench hand, country
planing mill, married; 2 molders, city.
..; .SAWMILLS AND WOODS
8 more laborers for mills, yards and woods,
no experience required ....$35 to $65 and found
5 men to .work in woods, no experience, ban
Mateo County, $1 fare ..$30 and found
5 laborers, Sonoma, $30 and found; 5 crosscut
sawyers, »$i5 and found
LABORERS, ETC ...••
10 quarry men, $60; 10 laborers, fare 35c. $C4
, and found; 5 laborers, city factory, $1 73; 10
shovelers, $60; 110 laborers for other jobs,
$1 75 to $2 50 a day
MISCELLANEOUS. FAEMS. ETC .....
Young man for coal yard, $9 week; bus
driver, country hotel $20
25 farmers, orchard, farm, vineyard, etc.; t
milkers, same dairy, north, $30 and found;
choreman. private place, $23 and found; 10
choremen and chore boys, city and country
Jobs; choreman, Catholic institution, country;
boy to drive light delivery wagon, city; 10
teamsters, city, $1 75. $2 to $2 25 day
GRAPE PICKERS........ HALF FAKE PAID
\u25a0 20 men and strons boys to pick grapes for a
large winery company
$30 and found, half fare paid
MURRAY, & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK, small city hotel, $33 and found; man
and wife to work around institution, $37 50
and found; dishwasher for officers' mess,, $20
and found; butcher and sausage maker for
I mining company. $10 and found: 2 beef lug-
gers, $2 25 day; butchers' helper, ranch, $25
and found: 10 waiters, $25 to $35; 12 dish-
washers and kitchen hands
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work .".Railroad Work;
Free Fare Free Fare
: FOR UKIAH
FOR C. N. W. RY
20 track layers $2 a day
10 laborers for steel gang $2 a day
50 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers .'...$2 to $2 50 a day
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
\u25a0 FOR TRUCKEE
.100 laborers .' $1 75 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily.... Free Fare
Electrician for a mine ....$30 to $100
6 house carpenters, country $3 50 a day
2 bridge carpenters, R. R. work, $3 to $3 50 a
day; free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for an institution, $40; waiter,
institution, country, $30; 10 waiters, country
hotels, $30 and $35; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25
' C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st , nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers «.
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $.225
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 per «ay
FREE FARE
6 lumber pilers. country $2 per day
6 laborers, new Job near city $2 per day
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 per day
Ranch hand; must be able to do blacksml th-
ing; Job year round; bed furnished
Runner for country hotel, wait one meal. .$20
Man to clean beds, rooming-house, city
$25 and room
Carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
No office fee for above carload. Reduced
rates to Shasta and Trinity counties. We
charter a car to leave here Monday.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
Driver for milk route $50
Ranch teamster. 6 horses $30
Cook, small country hotel $30
3 waiters, country hotel, fare advanced. .$25
Plain laundryman. country hotel $20
6 scraper teamsters 5150 and board
Farmer and plain blacksmithmg $26
Restaurant cook $30
Cook for boat $40
Cook and wife fof institution $95
PLAIN gardener and handy with tools, etc.,
for Catholic institution in country, $30 and
found; plain painter for an institution, $25
and found;, plain waiter for institution. $20
and found; these are good, steady positions.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, $35 to $40; carpenter,
$3 day; man handy with tools for ranch $i0
and boird; 10 railroad laborers for south, St CO
day. free fare; machinists, ?3 25 day; ma-
chine blacksmith, $3 25 day; 10 teamsters for
country, $2 25 day; buttermaker, $30 and
found; 4 laborers. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
RESTAURANT second cook, $70; baker, coun-
try shop, $50 and found; steward, country ho-
tel; barkeeper, $10; delicatessen man, $35 and
$40; waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
A— PORTER for hotel, city. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Short order cook for lunch counter, country,,
$50. free fare; head waiter, $50; third cook, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
COREMAKERS wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works, San Francisco; steady employment;
excellent inducements. Apply at office, Beale
and Howard sts. '
WANTED — Young man for office work about
18 years old; quick and accurate at figures;
must come well recommended: salary $25
month. Address box 946. Call office.
SPLENDID chance for young man to buy re-
tiring partner's interest,- old established gro-
cery and bar, at cost: cash required $300.
Apply cigar store, 257 Fourth st.
"WANTED — A sober, industrious clerk for gen-
I eral merchandise store, well versed In dry
goods; references required; state terms. Box
944. Call office.
SHOE repairer; flrst-class worker; neat and
'steady; good wages. KAST & CO., 740 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG man as assistant bookkeeper; state
age, former employer, how loner employed,
how long idle. Box 947. Call office.
WANTED — Boy to run a passenger elevator;
must live with his parents: in answering
state age and references. Box 905, Call.
WANTED — Locksmith bell hanger as partner:
must be a good mechanic. Address W., 1941
Mission st. '
WANTED— Bright boy. about 16. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market gt.
WANTED — Tailor: good presser; steady posi-
tion. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
COATMAKER for the country; wages $18 week.
P. GREENBERG & CO.. Flood building.
IRONMOLDERS and machinists wanted, 505
Mission st.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery business. Box 908. Call office.
TAILOR RATKE— Please call. ,1007% Larkin
street. \
WANTED— Boy about 15 to work in drug store
and run errands. 800 Devisadero st. -
SALOON porter, experienced; $40 to $45. Call
early at 639 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 603 Turk
street.
GOOD barber for country; steady. Call 141
Ellis st. • /'
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $3. 605
Mission st.
WANTED— An elevator boy at 23 Stockton
street.
WANTED— A cook; call at 6 a. m. 12 Wash-
inzton st. . ,-:V.n
WANTED— Bright boy in wholesale house. Ad-
dress, with references, box 951, Call office.
PAPER cutter; must be steady; good position
to the right party. 522 Market st, fourth floor.
DISHWASHER wanted. 37 Eddy st.'.
WANTED— Cook; small boarding-house restau-
rant. 2209 Powell st.
WANTED— A flrst-class dinner waiter at 301
Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week. \u25a0
STRONG boy to drive horse and wagon; refer-
ences required. 16 Fremont st. - " '<.v-
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SHOBCUTTERS wanted by BUCKINGHAM *&
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.
=BRIGHT boy wanted by BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.
WANTED — Baker: one whn has worked in a
pie bakery. Apply at 116 Erie St.. noon hour.
PANT, finisher wanted at 253V& Stevenson St.,
between Third and' Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants job or will buy
good shop. Box 911,. Call.
BOY to pack extracts ;» $4 60 per week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First sC -
YOUNG men to learn barber trade- catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
.club, and violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. ff. Conservatory, 301 Jones st. .
PROF. I* MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— P ARLINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.," 421 Post St.; tyf. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush »t. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment OJflce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED waitress . and chambermaid
would like situation in plain country hotel;
• $15 a month and board of~7-year-old child.
Address P. O. box 452, Haywards, Cal.
WANTED— Position to do general housework
by a young Swedish girl in a small family;
wages $15 a month. Address box 952, Call.
AN American lady, .an excellent manager,
would like position as housekeeper; can give
best of references. Call or address MRS.
WILSON, Hotel Oaks, 119 Third at.
RELIABLE woman with a child 6 years old
wishes to do chamberwork in exchange for
room and board. Address box 948. Call.
WANTED — Respectable woman wants position
in private family; general housework. 47
Shipley st., near Fourth.
BESPECTABLE American woman wishes a.
position as lady's maid; references. Call 34A
. Eishth st.
A NEAT young girl to assist in housework.
Apply between 10 and 12 at 277 Laussat ave.,
. near Steiner st. •
A YOUNG girl wishes a position as parlor
maid and waitress or second work and wait-
ing. Please call at 1204 Oak st. A
WANTED— By a young Swedish girl, a posi-
tion to assist general housework; waffes $12
month. Box 953, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework or cooking in private family;
best of city references. Call 523 Stevenson st.
A GERMAN woman with girl of 7 wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper or general housework;
city or vicinity of school; wages $20. Box
833, Call. • .
GERMAN middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion in general housework; small German
family. Apply at 2206 Twenty-third St., near
Rhode Island.
DRESSMAKER— Stylish and perfect fitter de-
sires engagements in families or at home; la-
dies' tailoring a specialty. 513 Post St.; near
Mason.
REFINED German woman; girl to care for one-
child after school; sleep at home; references
required. Box 912, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and typewriting; experience main object. Ad-
dress "Stenographer," Frultvale.
A REFINED woman wants position as assist-
ant bookkeeper or in stationery or book store;
references. Box 1034, Call, office.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
-good cook; references. 362 Minna st.
COLORED woman, flrst-class* cook, wants
situation; city reference. Call at 253 Jessie.
WANTED— By good seamstress, work to go
out by the day; $1:10 a aay. Box 932, Call.
LADY would like towels and napkins to wash
at home. MRS. THIEDE, 102 Mission st. S
PLAIN sewing and mending:. 502 O'Farrell at.,
corner Jones, room 4.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; steady and fine all-around man; very
best references and personal from last em-
ployer. Address this week, M. M., 221 Sixth.
AMERICAN, good references, accustomed to
orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening, etc.,
" wants country place to care for during own-
er's absence: moderate -wages. Box 954, Call.
WANTED by a respectable young man, work
of any kind;' experienced clerk. Address box
904, Call. ;
AN Al tiemaker. married, wants long job, or
would take work in split camp. Address E.
G. NELSON, 3248 Mission st.
"SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; cr-n milk: handy with tools. Ad-
dress box 1072, Call.
BARBER with 2 years' experience wishes posi-
tion ', country preferred. Box 965, Call office.
WANTED — By a miner of 2S years' active ex-
perience, a foremanship in Southern Califor-
nia, Mexico or South America; uses no. In-
toxicants; is a man of family; American
bom; speaks Spanish and Norwegian also;
special attention paid to development of new
properties. Address "Min§r," box 1033, Call.
WANTED — Home by an experienced man; will
render equivalent in labor for same; pre-
ferably a small boarding-house or, large fam-
ily; references given. Address box 933, Call.
I CAN use carpenter tools, mend stoves, furni-
ture, harness, wagons, paint, drive team, keep
books; handy at anything; want permanent
employment; references. Box 930, Call.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and whitener, handy
with carpenter tools, needs \u25a0 employment;
wages reasonable; no objection to the coun-
try. Address Box 919, Call.
MAN and wife wish position; wife to cook and
man to work around horses, garden and be
generally useful. B«x 925, Call.
LADY wishes to apprentice her boy to some
trade; can furnish good references; boy at-
tends night school. Call or address 119 Oak.
AN experienced bookkeeper and timekeeper
wishes position; will furnish references. Box
9C9. Call.
SITUATION as butter-maker by experienced,
sober young man. Address L. GILLETT, 214
Third St., care of Hughes House, room 19.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like to
learn a trade. CHAS. SANDQUIST, 537 Ellis.
YOUNG barber wishes position In short hour
shep. Box 939, Call office.
ACTIVE, Intelligent young man . wants situa-
tion in city; no canvassing. Address box
1032, Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position as
teamster; good driver. 1667 Atlantic St.. Oak-
. land.
DRUG clerk; student with experience; after-
noons; reference. Box 1034, Call..
WATCHMAN of experience wants work; city
or country; highest references. Box 1045, Call.
YOUNG married man wishes position in coun-
try or city as plumber and tinner; 8 years',
experience. Box 1068, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as
schoolboy in the city. Address T. MACEDA,
6461^ Valencia st., San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, handy at any wcrk,
wishes Job; speaks good English." SUYAS-
HIMA. S07 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office 'for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1C9G
\u25a0 Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed: stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES M1NINU
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; ' new method of
placins stocks and bonds ; companies incpr-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— $10 — SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
821 Valencia st., near Nineteenth, third floor.
NE. CORNER of Haight and Steiner sts. ; sun-
ny flat: 8 rooms; reasonable. "
PIERCE. 230— Lower flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $18. " •
MODERN flat, 5 rooms; large closets, stable
4 stalls; $27. 377 Shotwell st. ,
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay wtn-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417V& Third st.
$25— N E W 7-room upper i flat, yard, | basement.
Inclosed porch.. 4008 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements \u25a0 and
subscriptions has been established at .1036
Valencia st. • _"
FRAMES AND PICTURES. „
CLYDE L. KELLER, 12^-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work antl lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair; factory price. .
J2-Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
rang-e. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
3000 YARDS carpet: leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. D>GREENWALT, 708 Valencia st.
FURNITURE WANTED...
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. --r^
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays, highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioned- — W. P. Beauchamp, 92S Howard St..
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT^T^THA^JsE^T&'^Ca^Ph^nT^ranTlSa
2 chambermaids, Santa Barbara, half rate,
$20; waitresses, cooks, laundresses, fancy
i roners, house girls, second girls, nurse- girls,
highest wages paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .,
A HOUSE girl for small family, choice place;
keep another girl; $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A HOUSE girl, small American family, • office
fee paid by lady. C. R. HANSEN &, CO .
104 Geary st. \u25a0
A YOUNG, strong woman for cleaning in
baths 4 days week; $1 50 day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
2 waitresses, Fresno, fare advanced .$20
"Waitress, Salinas ~ $20
6 waitresses, flrst-class city hotels — . $20
5 chambermaids to wait .....?2o and $22 oO
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, $30; housegirl, $25; housegirl, $20;
colored nursegirl. 1 child. $15; many other
choice places, best wages
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Nurse for institution, $20; cleaning
woman, institution, $25; nurse and second girl,
$20; 5 second girls, }20-$23; 5 cooks, plain wash,
$25-$30-$35; French nurse, $25; second girl, $23,
San Mateo; second girl, Berkeley, $25; cham-
bermaids, wait one meal, $20-$25; laundress,
$30; restaurant waitresses, $7-$8 a week; cook,
no wash, $35; 150 housegirls, $20-$25, city and
country.- J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED— Competent second girl and waitress,
wages $25, small family, references required.
Call between 9 and 10 a. m. or 3 and 5 p. m.,
2712 Pacific ave. ,
STEADY position for saleslady who can con-
verse in Spanish; answer by mail. I. MAG-
' NIN & CO., 918-920 Market st.
EXPERIENCED hands for hemstitching; work
can be done at home. L. SAMTER & SON,
518 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced girl .for general
housework in Oakland; small washing; wages
$30. Apply 606 Montgomery st., room 7, S. F.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for cook-
ing and downstairs work; call in the morning.
2450 Mission st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; 8-room cot-
tage; German or Swedish preferred; apply be-
fore 11 a. m. 1483 Clay st.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl;
must understand cooking and housework. 317
Larkin st. .
WANTED— First-class alteration hands on
ladies' tailor-made garments. Chicago Tail-
oring Co., 115 Grant ave. .
WANTED — Strong girl to do housework and
cooking; 3 in family; $20 a month. Call before
noon to-day or Saturday, 2422 Buchanan st.
GIRL, 16 to 18 years old; light housework; 2
In family,: Alameda; good -home; $2 week.
Box 310, Call office.
GIRL or elderly lady to take care of child and
light housework; good wages. Call 39 Market
st.; restaurant.
WOMAN to care for lady and do housework
for one week. Call this morning at 3363
Twenty-second st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; small
family; wages $20; references. Apply at 2208
Devisadero St., between 9 and 12 to-day.
WANTED— A talloress at RAPHAEL'S.
FINISHERS on tailor skirts. A. KAHN, 142
. Geary st.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladies'
wear. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
FIRST-CLASS hands at dressmaking and ap-
prentice. MRS. R. STACY, 116 Stockton st.
FINISHER and liner on fur garments. E. E.
WALLEY, 115 Kearny st.
GOOD sewers to work in factory. 656 Mission
St., fourth floor.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladies'
waists. 656 Mission st, fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED girls who can make folding
boxes; good wages. 16 Fremont st.
WAITRESS wanted. C57 Clay* st.
WANTED— Woman for plain housework; wages
$12 to $15. 5935 Mission st., op. Ocean View.
STRONG woman to assist in general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. 606 Fulton.
GIRL for light work: 2 in family. Inquire 2119
Dwlght way, cor. Shattuck ave., E. Berkeley.
GIRLS, age 16 to 20, for Japanning department.
American Can Co., Seventh and Townsend.
SMALL girl to take care of child. Apply 826
O'Farrell st.
GIRLS to learn paper box making; steady
" work; wages from start. 522 Market. 3d floor.
VERY- best of salesladies for millinery; no
others need apply; highest wages. | 130 Sixth.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby; wages $10-
\u25a0 references. 1907^ Devisadero st.
Bookblndery girls, folders, sewers, feeders, pa-
gers, gatherers. 422 Sacramento. F. Malloye.
GERMAN girl. Sausalito, assist general house-
work and bakery. Call a. m. at 616 Green st.
WANTED— A good girl for* cooking and down-
stalrs work. Call at 3601 Clay st. ~~
WANTED— Respectable lady housekeeper for
small family. . Box "964, Call office.
LADY compositor on straight matter. JALUM-
STEIN PRINTING CO., 310 Hayes st.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory. 3?H
Fremont st. : good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; 'also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard. Shirt Factory, corner. Gough
and Grove ets.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; maniour-
ing and facial massage Included; entire
course $5; positions positively guaranteed;
four good positions waiting. S. F. College,
143 Stockton st., room. 15. "
NEAT,, girl to do general housework and cook-
ing; no washing; small family; $20. Call or
write to 142D. Steiner st.
COMPETENT Protestant woman for general
housework In a small family; heavy washing
put out. Call at 1004 -Washington St., near
Powell, between 10 and 12 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, skirts
and aprons, to take work home. H. FRIED-
LANDER, S38 Fell st.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
Call 2595 Grove, Dwlght way sta., Berkeley.
WANTED — Experienced skirtmakers. 126
Kearny st., room 46. \u25a0
_ . . ; ; —~
YOUNG girl to mind baby. 1474 Page st.
GIRL for light housework; 3 in family; wages
$17. 2527 Gough st., near Green.
WANTED— Young girl. for general housework;
no cooking. , 1S31 Eddy st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; no cook-
ing. 930 Powell et. ,
AN intelligent young lady for general office
work; must be a good penman. S. N. WOOD
6 CO., 718 Market st.
WE can place 2 bright, earnest, reliable women
" in flrst-class positions. Box 921, Call office. '
WANTED — A neat girl to assist In housework.
Call at 2410 Polk Et. - .
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
Eteady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &"
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST., 5th floor.
STRONG woman for plain cooking and light
\u25a0 housework; Swedish or German preferred,
$20. 579 Harrison st.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on coats.
916 Market St., room -82.
YOUNG woman, medium size, some experience
in acting, for vaudeville sketch. Box 020, Call.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. - " •
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill St.; between
and Twenty-second • sts.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailor jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S, 914 Market 'St. \u25a0 ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL. |
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Thi»d streets; open
until 32 o'clock every night in the year. i
HI1ANXH OFFlCr:S-."2; Montgomery street, '
corner Clay; ojicn until S:30 p. m. «
!rco llay<-s etreet: open until 9:30 p. m. \
CC9 -McAllister street; cpon until 3:50 p. m. >
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. in. !
i:a Uiselda street; open until 10 p. v.\. |
ZlCl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open j
until S p. in. i
tICC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. j
10M Valencia street; open until 3 p. m. j
Xortliu-est career Twenty-second and Ken- 1 ,
tucky F-.M-ets; or«rn until 9 p. m. J
22:>0 PUlmore t-treet; open until 9 p. m. <
HBBTIXG XOTICES. - ' j
CALIFOnNIA Co:r.mandery No. 1, K. j
T.. i i'ost St.— i'.egular assembly THIS . iSp 15 i
(KHiDAY) I-:VE.\"lN(i, : :'~J u'cloek. ff?H ]
Order cf the Temple. All fratcrs «E> j
cordially invited. i>y order- of the .Jf. \
Cointruinder. !
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. ;
j,A ~T AW AITE Union Lodge No. 17, m \u25a0
_J? and A. M. — Calicd meeting FRI- _#\^ ]
DAY. October 11 1SJU at S s>. m. First jS3f j
degree. By erder of the AV. M. / VA
P. ST. JL'LLIEN, Secretary, i
tA.N I-\H AN CISCO Tent Xo. IS. K. i
O. T. M.— He-view TH1.S lKGlL»AYj /?|33ak I
EVENING at b o' Cluck, l'ioneer 6?ifa^
Hall, 24 Fourth st. WutiM*
YOSEMITE Tribe Xo. :03. Imp'd O. '
R. M.— Funeral notice: Cniets and >J»'«r^- I
brbthers are requested to assemble _» .££*\u25a0
at- Red Men's Hall, 320 Post St.. SUMtMY. i
October 22. at 11 a. m., lor the purpose of j
attending the funeral of H. CLERC DK LAX- I
DRESSE. JR. F. C ADAMS. Sachem. '
GiiO. H. STEIN. Chief of Records: •
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association |
are requested to assemble at 32 O'Farrell St. i
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) at a a. m.. for the i
purpose 01 attending the funeral of our late J
brother, (TIL CASEY. •
A. CAMPBELL. President.
HUGH McKEVITT, Rec Sec. j
ALL members of the International Union of j
Steam and Electrical Engineers are requested
to meet at the huli, 316 O'Farrell St., THIS ;
(FRIDAY) EVENING. S o'clock, with their ;
Jriencie to hoar public speakers.
IRVING P. HENN1XG. Rcc. Sec, j
THE Calilc:r.ia IV'bris Oor.miis'sion having re- !
ceivea applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process from G. F. Edwards, in the Phllo j
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co.. 10 deposit tailings In Mud j
Lake, which drains into Frazier Creek; from 1
tlie Purdy Crc-ek Mining Co.. In the Purdy
Creek mine, near Frenchtown, Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
gravel mine, near Onion Valley. Plumas Co..
to deposit tailinss in Berg Creek, and from
the Norwegian Mining Co., in their mine
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co., to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
a meeting will be held- at room 59. Flood
br.ildSr.gr. Pan Francisco. Cal.. en October 2L
1901. at 1:CO r. m.
AXNUAL meeting— The annual meeting ot
ftockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation (
Company will be held at the office of the com- 1
pany 327 Market st.. in the City and County i
of San Francisco, State of California, on j
WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901, at the hour |
cf 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend- 1
las section 2 of article II of the by-laws and j
for the transaction of euch other business as 1
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close or. Saturday, October 12. 1991, at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGE5TTS WANTED. j
AGENTS wanted for McKinley's life; best au- i
thors; best pay; ti«-e and money saved by j
ciDing on Occidental Pub. Co., Thirteenth av. |
and East Twelfth St.. Oakland. Cal.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pases;
bf-st book: SCO illustrations; outfit free; com-
I iete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL- j
LEU £- CO., Port!an\Or. i
Al AGEXTS in every town for McKinley sou- j
venir pictures: last seller; sample 7c in post- \
age. E AC ENS & CO., CO? California st.. S. F. j
ADOPTION. :
SIATERNITT Villa— Gord homes for healthy !n- !
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke.1416 ¥th St.. Alameda. I
... 1 — \u25a0 I— — ... 11. .1-. . :
ASI'HALTIM IIOOFIXG. \
J. lELTHCU. asphalt rooStiK. sidewalks 7Z- i
rair*"<i: rental. ll^S Mi?ficn: tel. Folsom 1477. j
ASTROLOGY. j
RICHELIEU. !
Fbooccraph life delineator of character and !
destiny: never introduced before, isr* Scott I
et.. near Pine, 1 to 6 p. in. daily. j
F'ROF. liOr.SSEAU. astrclogist: complete life !
reading. __:#c: )jy mail. 50c. 11G3 Market st. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ;
FREE advice— J. M. VERDEXAL7~Tttorney7 !
SH Montgomery st. — Divorces, private; f^es !
low; probaitas; t— ckruptcy; collections; suit*; i
titles perfected: documents drawn: mortgages; i
property baogbt: money !oaned; insurance oCc \u25a0
on JK*. P. B. TP.AVEHS. Mgr.. 41S-. Pest st. !
ADVICE free:rf:vcrces private: bankruptey;col- j
lect;on»=:attachrri?nts:mort?£ges; bills of sale; j
partnerships; Ueeds;wiils drawn; fees low;open !
eve's. THCaSTOy. lOOf-'A Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th. '
ADVICE Ire-; — Divorces a specialty; quick, t
ijuiet; w> charge without success; collections, i
wills, deed?, etc., prepared: charge low; estb. I
1C yars. Atty. G. \V. HOWE, S50 -larkt st. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. I
"W. DAVIDSON, K7 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenir.gs. HUGH C. GRANT. S27 Market.
L. S. CLAl:K. Kmroa Spreckels bid?., 327 Mar-
ket St., ccr.ssluttion free; no fees in advance.
ESTATES, chancery; most moderate fees. 14 i
McAllister st.. CEO. \V. JOHNSON. Atty. ;
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADT wishes to board little girl7~nice~hoinT;
best care. MRS MCORE, P. O. Alameda.
MOTHER'S care and good home Tor two or
three children; low terms. 3C07 California st.
BOOKS — XEW A.\D OLD.
BOOKS cf every Uind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. T04-70C-708 Mission $<L
Bl'REAU TRIXKs!
TRUNKS cf every description at "bedrock
price*. Factory ancj salesroom, S26 Howard. |
BlsrXESS CHAACBS.
A— I1S00; BAKERY in %Vestern~Aadition ; estab^
lithed 26 years; rect »io; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
moEt ctcre trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars R. O. V.'JLKE, 26}i Kearny st.
A — ¥m(j; DAIRY. produce and delicatessen
Jttore; 4 jiving rooms and bath; rent ?14; best
location business clearing always jlOO per
mcr.th or more. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 &
ivearny st.
A— ?3'-0; RESTAURANT and chop house: ladies'
roomy; daiiy receipts about J15; rent $50; best
location. Tcndtrloin district Call R. G.
WILKE, 'J614 Kearuy ft.
A— JKiO; BRAXCI1 bakery, notions and fancy
R grocery Marc in Alameda; rent J10; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE, tS\b Kearny st.
A-51100; RESTAURANT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bldj;. ; a good paying business.
Call n. O.-, WILKE. 26'zi Kearny st.
A— $130; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; lent V25; must he sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Et.
A— $4C0; CORNER saloon on Mason at.; rent |£T
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Govt-rnir.cnt position. Call R. G
WILKE. 26',£ Kearny st.
1175— A SACRIFICE— 2>elicatef=sen store dome a
nice business; 3 HvinR rooms; rent $16. See
R. G. WiLKK at once, 20^ Kearny st.
H1OTO Gallery; -best location on Market st.:
yr.g lease; ftrst-clars business: cause of sale'
other business. Mitchell & Co., 120G Market!-
SALOON; al! ntw fitted up; good stock; rent
$i5; good business: must sell jt leaving city in-
vestlgate. MJTCHEXL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
CHOP licuKe at a great sacrifice; price $125;
clearing J100 a month ; must be sold at once'
McBRIDE & CO., 1C1C Market St.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to Bet bargain;
part down; Rood location. DONALD McRAE,
£27 Mission et.
A— $190— liEAUTIFUL Market-Rt. clear stand,
netting ?2 r.0 daliy: sacrificed; account
rheurriati^m. Aftk HEDGES BROS.. 410 Far-
rott building.
KOR SALE— A well fitted up salcon on Market
pt.. near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain;
no csecta. Apply at McLeod & Hatze, 515
Market «t. rr.r ":.-.;.
A' SNAP — Delicatessen and coffee house; store
_j»-orth ST.CO; reduced to ?250. Retsloff, 906 Mkt.
FOIi Fflle— Old established eood-payins busi-
ness; will sell half or whole interest; first-
class J.argain. Address Call office, Oakland, j
$2Z6 — FOR isale; bakery, confectionery and laun- I
<?ry office; 2 larse livinc-rooms; block frora
ers.trmcr school. lJox 943, Call.
TO iet— An old-CFtabii^hed restaurant on First
nr.A Britnnan. tipj.oslte Mail dock. Inquire at
Exwlfinr KalOOT'.; rent ohear).
1'RACTICAL mechanic with business ability
«*ii.!res cpeniniy for small capital. ' Box 906,
Call office.
TASfAlE. fruit, cirar stand and rooms for
<«Juc oi fixtures. 4C2 Vaxi &c st.
nUSTXRSS m WmS— (*on*lnnr»J.
I~HAVETaII kinds of buyers waiting; list your
stores and lodcins-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 208, Emma
Spreckels building. , .
WANTED— Man witli $200 in office business;
experience not neceesaiy; a fine chance for a
ruttler. F. J. DECK, room SOS, Emma Spreck-
els building. -
DRUG store for Kale— Middle section Cal. city,
line location; elegant fixtures; money-maker;
doing payiair business; eood prices; value
SOCWJ; will Ijo sold lor cash or exchange for
K. F. or Oakland property. Address box 941,
Call- office.
RESTAURANT, cheap: 410 Kearny St.; other
business ; must sell; make offer. ;
I WANT to buy a crocery and bar; good,
clean stock. Box 311. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of ability, acquainted with city,
to buy iitterest in business. Box 957, Call.
TO exchange for cigar stand, grocery, lodging-
house or good mercantile business; two new
flats: cost J33C0; rents f25. AV. BELL, 142
Crocker building.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price J1200.
:SCO AND J350— Fine opportunity to Invest in
*Ktabli6hed blacksimth business: price in each
rase covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
rfre« box S83. Call c.fHce.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; Rood trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal.
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250: will teach-buyer
business: price $1500. Box 1C02, Call office.
$2CC0 WILL take a good country hotel; short
distance from city; good business. Further
information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED— Parties to take shares in a rich
gold mine and help develop. 321% Turk st.,
12 to 2 n. m.
PARTNER wanted: wholesale business ship-
ping daily to 10 States & B. C Box 158, Call.
FOR SALE— A splendidly located stationery
store and cigar stand; no agents. Box 940, Call.
SALOON, with room, near city front, for sale.
Apply 517 Jackson st.
J1C00— PARTNER wanted for dyeing and laun-
dry business. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
PARTNER wanted in bakery business; good
opening to rig-ht man. 321 Ellis St.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Ill East
et., north of Market.
WANTED— -Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devisadero.
LODGIXG-HOXJSES FOR SALE.
H. C DECKER'S OFFICE. 1C20 Market St.. is
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS, FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms ; fine corner 525
Vi rooms; the best. 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
17 rooms; transient 1050
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rocms; line corner 1350
CO rooms: apartment house 4200
7-rcom-flat on McAllister 225
8 rooms; corner; fine yard 350
20 rooms: new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
S rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms: flat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1300
.10 rooms; on Mason st.; new 750
32 rooms; offices: clears $250..' 3500
21 rooms: $500 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workinjrman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furnittfrK; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
SO rooms; rent SjSO, clears J250 1500
100 rooms: graner corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern: clears $250 4C0O
12 rooms: Turk Et.: all rented 325
CALL. WE tAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirabls location 450
24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments 1900
15 rooms: Sutter St.; central " 500
MONEY C.OANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market St. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush Sit.
Fee our list of bargains.
44 r. ; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
apart ments $3000
% r. ; rent $S0; cor.; elegant fur 3000
19 r. ; rent J73; Al location; pays well 1200
IS r. ; rent $55; oak & wain. lur.; clears $60 800
35 r.; rent $60; good fur. and carpets S50
11 r. ; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders: good.. 1000
12 r. ; rent ?C5; cor.; Al loc; clears J32.. 900
19 r.; rent $33; partly furnished 400
8 r. ; rent $40; Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. 330
Over SCO houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1 & 2.
Office near Call building.
Business is booming — he has 4 salesmen. >
He has money to loan — payable mo. or yeariy.
Every day he gets from 5 to 10 new houses.
Call for free lis.t; see these samples:
9 rms.; central; full; rent $28: Vi cash.... $20C
10 rms.; flat; rent $23; clears $40 month... 430
15 rms ; Sutter st.; rent S2S; a snap 500
IS rms.; rent 538; clears 530 every month. 700
23 rm?. ; wife sick; rent $45; clears $50 600
26 rms.; elegant; clean: rent $90; clears $90 1600
]9.rms.; hotel; clears $2000 every. year 1500
53 ran.; a cor. house of "Victoria Flats". 3000
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell st.; cheap; price SlaO.
12 rooms on Second st. ; great bargain; price
$225.
21 rooms on Kddy st. : great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In enr
office under a thorough investigation: for any
line of busine!=5 call at our office. 1016 Market
Et., opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
the donald "Investment co.
S50 Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
Rooming houses and hotels; all sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us if
you want to Fell.
Houses sold on easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG to publish.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
. vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO., S35 Market 6t., phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r 1130 20 r 800 14 r:>. 430
18 r 1000 IS r...... 600 12 r...... 400
15 r 700 8 r SSO 10 r 400
8 r.. ...... D50 6r 225 7r 225
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market.
Photograph Gallery Entrance.
IS rooms; rent S37 50; price JSQi
28 rooms; rent $50; price 900
14 rooms; rent $39; price 7£0
34 rooms: rent $67 50; price 13C0
39 rooms; cheap rent 830
27 rooms: rent $65; price 1050
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny. rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; come and see our list and we know
we can satisfy vou: houses to trade, to ex-
change ai;d money loaned: don't forsret the
office, It is 26% Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
TEN rooms; Sutter; worth $1000; rent $55. .$750
14 rooms; Geary; first-class; oak furn..l250
- JK rooms; rent $55: fine velvet carpets 1400
28 rooms, rent & water $!)6,. half cash 2400
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market st.; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of -
G. W. SOHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
- " - . 917 Market Ft., near Fifth.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. . MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$1150— 17 ROOMS north of Market st. ; trial
given; money-raaker. DONALD McRAE 837
Mission st. L1',Yf£
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house, 14 rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 923% Mission st., op-
posite Mint ave.
COME quick— House of 9 rooms; rent $20; $250
cash. F. J. DECK. 927 Market st.. room 208.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
ADVICE and assistance— It wfll cost you~noth^
ing to call an! talk it over and see what can
be done for you. WESLEY ORMAN, 417 Ellis
Etreet. _ • *
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM," spiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Mark«t st.
BROCKWAY'S psychic eeance Sunday. Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. : 25c; readings daily.
289 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell eL ; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies. 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 60c. .' r.V-~;
MRS. Harland's circle to-night: articles read,
10c: r»rouhetlc readings, 50c, $1. 148 Sixth.
PROF. GEE. 1CS Sixth— Circle every night ex-
cept Sunday; 10c; readings dally.
W. G. KEEGEN holds a spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 6th.
EARLE. Independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs.* Sun., S p. m.
OAKLAND. 1118 Brush, cor. 13th. ! G. F. PER-
KINS, readings daily; circle Thursday eve.
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun., Tues. and Thurs..
S p. m.; lGe; readings dally. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
HELP WASTED — MALE — Con.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY".
CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received ft .
Room No. 15 No. 4 Calltorniast.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction CO..
City Street Improvement Co..
Cotton Bros. & Co..
Dundon Bridge and Construction Ca.
Healey, Tibbitts & Co..
Hyde Construction Co..
Darby Laydon & Co..
J. A. McMahon.
Pacific Construction Co..
Thomson Bridge Ca.
Robt. Wakefleld-
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
pas*ers. cooks and waiters; good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway whart.
where employes are boarded and lodged oa
steamer lying alongside; men working tor
the company and givinsr satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. Sai^_5"rancisco.
WANTED— 1C0 teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador County. Cal.; wages for 2-hor3« team-
stera. $2 per day; wises tor 4-horse team-
gtera, $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per weelc
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of_ good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3a: not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet X
inch; able to speak a-d read English, lor
further Information apply at the Recruitln*
Office. 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
1GC0 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line belne
constructed for the Sweepstake Minins Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply oa
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San FrancUco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week*
reauired; tools donated; oosition» guaran-
teed: catalosrue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WILL pay honest, \u25a0— rell-dressed. industrious
gentleman salary $20 per week to assist la
my business; experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 1050. Call office. X
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A flrst-class carriage blacksmith
helper and finisher. Apply A. MEISTER A
SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
MAN' to do lettering and striping; also boy«
over IS years of age; also tinsmiths. AMERI-
CAN CAN CO.. 618 Battery st.
WANTED— Furniture varnlshers. Callfornl»
Lumber and Milling Company, Stockton and
Beach sts. _^^^__^_____
COATMAKER. bushelman and pantsmakw for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sut-
ter st. - -. -c-.'
WANTED— Reliable man to drive seltzer wa-
ter wagon; must have security and refer-
ence. Box 913, Call ofnee.
WANTED— Errand boys, not under 15 years ot
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 123
Sutter et.
WANTED— Young men. not over 20 years of
age. to learn crockery business. Apply
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122 Sutter at.
BUTCHER boy to take route and deliver or-
ders. 2S17 California street.
STRONG, intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn iron molders' trade. 505 Mission St.
BOY wanted. Apply S41 Hayes street.
BOY wanted about butcher shop. Apply 3077
Sixteenth st. \u25a0
BOY wanted about butcher shop. Apply 2303
Clay st.
WANTED— Brass bedstead makers. A." MERLE!
COMPANY. 517-513 Mission st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and' Devisadero sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- "
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.. 2-41 Third at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
' big. Past'com. Geo. H. Thomas Post,G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 23c night; reading rooms; fre»
'bus and baegage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establisned at 1098
Valencia st.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sal«
Wednesday. October 9, at 11 a. m., at th»
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN.
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1733 Market st.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
TWO express wagons and 8 fine business bug-
gies for sale cheap. 1504 Folsom st.
WANTED— A cheap saddle horse. 925 Sntter st.
WANTED— 1-horse coupe. 925 Sutter st.
ISO HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore St.. S. F.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, on*
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business)
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. O. ave.
BARGAIN— Single horse coal and hay wagons;
second-hand wagons and. harness. 1634 Mission.
CHEAP — New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery \u25a0wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for. sale, cheap. S32 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. P. Vet.
Col- 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. TC. J. Crfety. d>«n,
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. 3. P.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET FVRXISBEO.
WASHINGTON, 3421, near Walnut— Completely
furnished 2-story residence of 7 rooms and
bath; marine view; large garden, etc.; to
rent for 6 months or longer. Apply to CEN-
TER & SPADER, H Montgomery st.
TWO-STORY house. 9 r., bath; newly furnish-
ed; Weber piano; phone Pine 49SG; lease X to
2 years. 1622 Geary st;
TO LET— Nicely furnished house. 8 rooms and
bath. 522 Hill st., near Castro; no small
children; call between 1 and 4.
A SUNNY ' cottage, S rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda: % block from
\u25a0station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
£r^ LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Between Devisadero and Fillmore. on
Hayes st. or on FtUmore, batween Broadway
and Hayes, lady's cut steel chatelaine bag;
reward $5. Box 945 Call.
LOST— A pearl sunburst pin. with diamond
center. Return to "Wagner's candy store, .1925
Fillmore st.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— In the neighborhood of Tenth and Mar-
ket sts., a buckle and locket with initials ot
. P. L. B. Finder kindly return to P. L. BAN-
NON. 523 Mission St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Red -silk watch fob with charm; liberal
reward. 212 Ninth st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTKKSSKS AM) PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st !
tel. Bush 421. "'
MIXE3S AND MIXING.-
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?"
If you do, buy some stock in the Homestak»
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on Install-
ment; limited number shares for sale; price
wlU be advanced to 40c per share November Si
prospectuses mailed on application
EOMESTAKE GOLD MINING C*O
801 California st.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR a copper proposition that will averasa
20 per cent copper and 20 ounces In . silver '
Call at room 2S7, Palace Hotel, ror two dayrff
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call,» 16 pases, sent to any address in tho
united States or Canada one year for UGRAND HOTEL.
D A Jackson, Fresno Mrs D F Fox, Sacto
C E Hughes, Spokane S E Perlbergr Chicago
E W Wells, Cal F Well. Nome
Mrs A L Tibbitts, Peta J R Fraser, Elmira
H Stulniczka & w. Mo A Hampel, Sacto
G W Brown. Coshocton F W Kuske. N Y
E Shelby, Portland \u25a0 S L Hlggins, Fresno
N Ross. Nome J O Hestwood. Sn Jose
J Neeland. Los Ang Miss E Kirk, San Jose
W Everett. Los Ang S Kirk, San Jose
J O Htckman, Hanfrd Mrs Kirk. San Jose
Mrs A Bemmerley, Cal Mrs E Kirk, San" Jose"
Mrs R Leathers, Cal Mrs J Booksen, S Jose
Dr W M Lawlor, Cal W A Dennis. Nev City
I Brunn. Chicago J F Mercereau, Cal
H Kallmorgan, Chicag O W Campbell. L Ang
J S Gardner. Redding H H Locke. Sn Diego
J A Bohn. Minneapolis A J Larson, Lodl
F L McClintic & w. 111 M B Davis. El Paso
Mrs J G Shebley. Cal W D Buckley, Stocktn
C A Smith & fm. Minn R H McDonald. Pefa
L M Bates, Kans Cty G H Harlow, Cal
N Nelson, Denver J Reynolds, San Jose
S T Hills, Minneapolis C S Roberts, Kansas
Mrs J H Laughlin. Cal J Furletter & w, Ariz
Miss A 'Laughlin. Cal J D Carr. Salinas
A W Maltby, Concord W H Sherrod. Fresno
W S Lyon & w, Suisun S Sherrod, Fresno
Mrs G F Fish, Phlla J N Besse, King City
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr W J Waller, Sacto T G Thompson & w^
C T Barbour, Boston Spokane
T Burger, NY W B Armstrong, N T
H N Saxton, DC CD Martin, N T
R B Lindsay, Wis . A Ziesinger '& w, Chgo
G W Baxter & .w, Den- C C Bush & w Cal
ver • . H W Paull & w. W Va
H Heywood; Los Ang E' Everhardt, Oakland
J K Wood, Missoula T L Gates & w, Cal
Dr Wells, Cal Dr J W Stitt & w, Cal
J P Adair, Chicago J D Carr, Salinas
C R Lawton & w Ohio A F Luening, Cal
R W Anderson, Honolu F C Pressler, Sacto
A Tucker & w, Chgb Mr Rlckmers, Germny
A W Jacob, NY Dr M Hitt, Los Ang
W O Everett, Ind B TJ Steinman, Sacto
E H Wedekind, Spokan W G IJrldge & w, Sac
J H Schumacker, L An C B Luff & w, Petalum
H W Keller; Los Ang M E Reed, U S N
Mrs O P Posey, L Ang Miss Lyman. Chicago
Mrs Van Gieson, L An H K Clover,' N Y
Miss Saltier, Los Ang J J Dempsey. Mich
Mrs H R Wood, L Ang G H Clarke, Chicago
F B Mcllroy, Chicago W B Wightman, L An.
E F Langle, N Y J L Jaraux. Arizona
U Beach & w, .N Y . . . . ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ,
C H Brown & w, Seatl H Sparks, Alcatraz
Miss M Sharp, Seattl? C Miller, Stockton
C t'mith. San 'taf tel R Morris. Oakland '
O Brown, Carson • J L Mlncher, Oakland
W A Eberly, Tacoma - J Brown, • W Berkeley
G W Hunton. Philadel J Mulroy. Ingleslde .
E A Polard, Denver T McAnay, Kan City
R "W Echnlefleld, Pacto J J Fitzpatrick, N Orln
A Plbbeguin. S Diego J Byrne, Los Ang '
A W Kauff man. Oakld \u25a0 \u25a0
HOTEL AB,RIVAT,S.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1901.
13
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOU SALB.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st. '
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
218 ACRES situated on the north bai\k ot the
Klamath River, quarter of a mile from ocean;
• road goes through lower portion of ranch
near house; can be made one of the .choicest
' dairy ranches In Del Norte County; 190 acres
botctm- land; rest is hill land; half is under
grass; green all year round; keeps one cow
to the acre; have 70 head of cattle, l first-clas 3
mule of 1300 pounds, 50 chickens. $73 worth of
provisions and all household furniture; all
groes at $3000. or if desired will take as part
payment an improved ranch from $1500 to $6000
In any county near San Francisco Bay and
$1000 cash, or $3000 cash without ranch; bal-
ance can remain on long time, with small in-
terest; creamery only 1 mile from place. Ad-
dress owner, CHARLES FORTAIN, Requa,
Del Norte Conuty. Cal.
$12,500— ONE of the best offerings ever- made;
240 acres of rich land; a modern house; hot.
and cold water; over 80 acres in apples and
apricots: 6 head horses; wagon, buggy and
carriage horses, chickens, cows and all house-
hold furniture; only 6 miles out and one mile
from railroad station; only % cash; balance
long time. R'. P. QUINN,' real estate, Watr
sonville, Cal. .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
. San Francisco is growing rapidly; : location
, best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets Iind information. \u25a0
$6500— 20 ACRES rich land; all in new town and
bellflower apples; neat cottage and large barn;
only 3- miles out and In one of the best locali-
ties in the valley; easy terms. R. P. QUINN,
\u25a0 real estate. WrUsonvIIle, Cal., or room 25,
Chronicle buildinc.
FOR bargains '.n timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city Eites. See
The Pheips Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, spII or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket st.. S. F., office near Call big.
1200 ACRES In the foothills; fences; 4 barns;
substantial residence; 30 acres in fruit. GEO.
TV. GIBBS & CO.. 35 and 37 Fremont st.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. • Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
% ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *& cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAX ESTATE.
$2500— A BANK SALE— $2500.
$100 down and easy monthly payments • will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern Colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc., -rrith folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
lot. 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and all street improve-
ments; insured for J2000 and all in fine condi-
tion: electric cars In front and only a few
blocks from Adeline street station; location
very desirable; handy to schools and churches;
liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLA5D FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 899 — Two and three connecting rooms
for light housekeeping; other rooms.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott— Three unfurnished
connecting rooms; bath; laundry; reference.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404 — Sunny front room;
separate kitchen; $11.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny; '
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
LARKIN. 814A— Sunny, front housekeeping
room.
LARKIN, 819'/4— Sunny front alcove rooms; light
-housekeeping: gas stove; bath; $16 50; phone.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POST, 827— Front suite of rooms, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
THE Bell (1773 Market)— Sunny double parlors
. with kitchen. $20; singles; phone Folsom 2432.
THREE rooms; singly or for housekeeping;
fur. or unfur.; refs. exchanged. Box 906. Call.
VAN NESS ave., 415 — Sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping or otherwise.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
ALABAMA, 923— A nice sunny room; one or two
gentlemen.
ARQYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasla House, 2« Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. •
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CITY HALL ave., 83— Clean, quiet rooms; also
parlor suite for offices; reasonable.
CLAY, 1443 — One or more rooms; well furnished,
modern flat; desirable locality; private family,
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
E UGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator; 25 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
ELLIS, COG— Nice sunny rooms; suitable for one
or two eentlemen. . .
FIFTH, 853— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE are.', 1208— Fine sunny base-
ment room, furnished or unfurnished; grate.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk St.. •. •;
HOWARD 1018—1 large sunny front room with
gas, use of kitchen if wanted; also a small
back room; cheap.
HOWARD, 1072—3 rooms in the rear house, $6.
JOKES, 923— Elegant sunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front rooms, nicely fur-
nished; gas and grate; for gentlemen; $6, $8,
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MISSION. 925%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window front rooms; gas; gTate; lower flat.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Sunny rooms
to let.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms- with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House,\ 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .. - . .
ROOMS AND BOARD. ~
HOTEL ; Lamboorne— Strictly high class;' most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price-
suites and single rooms; board optional 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth.
THE CECILEItNE, 830 Van Ness are.
\u25a0* \u25a0 '
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished-
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Steve'nson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
I MEDICAL.
I JJJl*-- O' DON NELL— All who are sick and in
Aouble call and consult the specialist. My
\4ei2icinep liave been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
. cases taker.; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DU. G.
W. ODONNELL, 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; "•"> years' experience in midwifery
cases- utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes nnd treats ladies before and during con-
Kfinement: best care, attention; confinement
115; board $4 week: 'infants adopted. 3327 ISth
et. ; AlisEion-Et. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DAVIES, who has been in
business here lor 25 years. Is still located at
12!? Market: maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. end 6 to £:30 p. m.
I SIRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' specialist;
private h^me before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 OTarrell ft.
I A GREAT victory over diseases of women; Dr.
Alice J rrather'." Asiatic Magic Powder: con-
sultation and samples free. R. 11. 102 Ellis St.
MUS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market — Reliable la-
dies' f-p?c;alist : a priv. hoine before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIXDOOHEnn AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
Jn confinement. i:JC Market et.. E. F.
MRS. P. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
1IP.S. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe: most mod-
ern methods; 2". years' experience in S. F. ;
guarantees to <"ure all female trouble; mater-
r.ty hospital: fre low. Pf>C Market f=t.. opp. 4th.
\u25a0Jr NG TOY KEK. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
T'nlon coimre: nil disease!" otire'1 hy herhs.
MISCELLAXEOrS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-187 Fremont Ft.
BARS, back liars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
ewond hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
-Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood fcr sale cheap. Apply Risdon
Iron "Works, corner Howard and Beale sts.
LOT machine chop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.: aJso wood-working tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortlfiers. eaws, etc. J. B. JAUD1XE. 229
Fremont st. \u25a0
Grarhophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
1150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
Jl SO; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents pear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAW. 253-255 Fpear st.
BROKEN pointer bitch $30: dog, $63; pup S
months old, JS; will accept part merchandise
la pay: what have you? Box 907, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23
Stockton st.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
,fl*namos bought, sold and exchanged. H. S.
*tvHITE, 516 Mission st.
"WATCHES, Jewelry, rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister St.. room 16. WM. ML'ND.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
suitable for carpenter ehop; also No. 2
Hooker steam pump. 843 Howard st.
FJRST-CLASS second-hand modern eneines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
S-17 Stevenson St., near First.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand r.ew; J55;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Cali-
fornia st.
aSCl RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others: second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
fcr list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin et.
FIXE suits. J10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny St.. near Pine.
2 LADIES' and a. boy's ticket to Chicago or
Cincinnati; cheap. 121 Eighth, meat market.
>'INE dozen healthy common pullets; 6 months;
. f e.rm raised. 1727 Broadway, Aiameda.
J.AUTIFVL wax figure for hairdressers or
milliners; cheap. £10 Jones et.
LARGE vault front; also large fireproof safe
cheap.. PERIAM & CO.. <2 Main st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis Bt.
23OATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
j RAKER & HAMILTON.
SFWELRT for eale and made to order.* T.
< FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny St., room 29.
11AGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
end launches. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN' SAFE CO.. 417-423 Bacramento Et.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 103 Montgomery st.
EAR outfits, showcases; -all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st. •
KNGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's eteel-
lir.ed safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Ji,
postage paid-
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
V'ILL pay caeh for your old sealskins. Ad-
Mm A ™"* "* oncg < box s "- C* 11 office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
\u25a0 MOXEV TO LOAX.
JU-MAXHATTAX LOAN COMPANY^
{300,000 at € per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & eecuntles. Loans
<i unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
\u2666 ic-al estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, Beccnd and third inortgsges
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get zny terms before doing business elsewher*.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room I .•...
AXY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third, mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estate* legacies.- undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
_ let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN" MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
J3.000.000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
fee HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
AN'Y proposition; any amount; € per cent on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel -mortgages, etc. D. J.- HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny st., room 214.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry
S pianos and seaiskins at lowest rate of interest'
J.< Grant ave., near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471*
IIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
gt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch U Tnlrd st.
MUNICIPAL LoanOfflce, 103 Grant ave., near
Gear}' st. ; phone Red 1603.
DS real estate, 1st or Ind mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
1-OWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removtl; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.^301 Jones.
ON* furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
fegfe; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
I-^AXS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt. ;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby, 26 Mont«.,offlce 7.
ON SALARIES without Jnaoreer; oth«r propo.
s.tlor.f:. fi. f. Discount Agency. 343 Phelan b.
MONEY loaned eaUried people without secur-
- JHJl' r - * 4 ' Merc hant8' Ex.. «1 California.
ON" furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
gtrictiy private. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt.
°£Sr P<?r cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
ar.y security. S02 Montgomery St., r. 1.
150,000 OM pood security and dtr realty below
. bank rau : ; no agents. Address bpx 586. Call.
you want a home I will loan you "money to
bur It. A. E. RCDELL, 21'2 Sansome gt.
THE TOUPLEY Company; loans and dls-
,'cpcat*. >a Parrott building.
S n ,'. on 'y on salary; no indorser; Eastern
pi an \.<. yu . rn i^, an Co 309 p ne i an bldg .
%/ aiOXEV WASTED.
1 >•— ii ~Toans~"f oV~ building
p-x^oees. Apjply room Si. Nevada bloclt.
Ml'SICAL^IXSTRUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
told upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some Rood pianos for $3 $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland.
A GOOD plan. If you want to buy a piano, is
to come to us and let us show how a really
f.ood instrument can be sold at a low price,
and payments made by the month, if you
don't want to pay cash. We make a specialty
of the Decker & Son and Baumeister.
The ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
763 Market at.
ATTENTION*. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from 125 up; new up-
right pianos from J175 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
son and Hamlln, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
j within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
1-rice; costs you <mly 20c a day to buy a
\ piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1830^
ALL h'.prhpFt grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway. $1S5 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125: elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak .case; Hardman squars, $43; organs. $2i
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads, pf high-grade
pianos in rtnrage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st. . .
PIANOS — The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck. Everett. Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardrran and many others; wholesale and re-
| tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
• S. F. ; (Branch Store, ybl Broadway, Oakland).
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost $900;
now $300; party going away. 127 Geary St.
SUPERIOR vlcllns, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
50 — WEBER piano; cost $450; for sale on $3
installments. 13C9 Gough Bt., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
sacrifice; party leaving. 40S Golden Gate ave.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. SCS Post st.
j $550 PIANO, nearly new, for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $126;
Stelnwgy, $165. 217 Geary st., room 36.
$50 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission Bt.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for- $275.
BRUENX. 20S Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease — 3 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st.
. OIL,. "
WANTED — To buy twenty to forty acres, •with
producing well. In Kern County. J. E.
KF.RR, room 7, first flqor Mills bldg.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
slzeE; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
ST^^R^M^FOS^LlX~s^ie^tlnT^atmTs^ri515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
l'A!Mclt> AM) UECUUATUUS.
iTcT^O^lAINE764TiB~GT ave?: phonTpoIk' 1423;
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
" PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $400 capital to engage
in eea-flshlng business; good proposition. Ap-
ply 728% Stevenson et.
PERSONALS^ "
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tique* bought NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
Et., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from^fl upwards.
IF ALBERT J. WRIGHT, whose mother's
maiden name was Wlbur, will call on or ad-
dress DR. W. D. HUNTINGTON, Central
Bank building, Oakland, Cal., he will learn
something of interest to himself.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price '
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 3598
Eighteenth st., corner Guerrero.
G. LEDERER'S hair dressing always the best;
25c all styles; shampooing, 50c; good switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; SOc, postpaid; free demon-
stration ; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms S23-S54, S. F.; tel. South 881.
AT cash prices; ladies' fllor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO. r 156 Fifth st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT, 457 Minna st.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
LACE! curtains' cleaned for 85c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street j phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggi6ts; phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
W0 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured :no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia. St., bet. ISth & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFRED UMS Egyptian Ilfnna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
rtAXWG AXD TBRXIXG MfLLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont «t.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1C21H Market «t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se«
testimonial* at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. "WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-76H Clay St.: eee testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A — DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the Income; location In the Mission or
Weetern Addition; property must be In good
condition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN
£30 California et
MODERN built residence, wanted to purchase;
in the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property on "Valencia,
Mission or Howard sts. W. J. GUNN, 630
California st. .
A BARGAIN— 2 new cottages for sale; 25x40;
lot 6x140; 4 rooms; large pantry and bath;
hot and cold water; electric bells; worth over
SSOOO; price J2D00. For particulars address
box 9S0, Call.
$&0,000 TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
' 702 Market st.
13000— NEARLY new cottage of 4 -.rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m., 462 Douglass st., near 21st.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, flv« rooms,
bath; terms same as rent. 3252 Mission ft.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission,
All six-month subscribers
of The Daily Call are entitled
to a copy of The Call Atlas at
the premium rate of $1 50.
SPLENDID ATLAS
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
MARC— In this citsr,- October 8. 1901. Philippe
Marc, beloved husband of Flora Marc, father
of AuRuste and Emelie Marc, and stepfather
of Gustave and Alfred ChamDreux, a native
of Paris, France, aged 69 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
O^riday), at 10 o'clock, \u25a0 from his late resi-
dence, 13 Morris avenue, off Harrison street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARSHALL— In ' this city. October 10. 1901.
William A., beloved husband of the late Mary
F. Marshall, and father of Edward L. Mar-
shall and Mrs. Ethel L. Thornhill, a native
of Nashville, Tenn., aged 69 years 4 months
• and 28 days. * - \u25a0 . • • -
ICFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1326 Jessie street, between West Mis-
sion end Hermann. Interment private, Mount
-Olivet Cemetery. - - - \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
MERO— In this city, October 10. 1901. Irene
Alice, beloved daughter of Marion and Mag-
\u25a0 gie Mero, and sister of James Mero and Mrs..
George Potter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 15 years and 4 months.
. (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 16 Page street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
OLSEN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 10. 1901. Frederick Olsen. a native
of Norway, a*ed 56 years.
O'NEAL— In this city, October 9. 1901. Robert,
husband of Almira O'Neal, and father of
L. D. O'Neal and Mrs. D. W. Gedney, a na-
tive of New York, aged 75 years 1 month and
23 days. ,• . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2206 Steiner street. Interment private.
PARKER— In this city. October 9. ' 1901. Wil-
liam Henry Parker, husband of Margaret
Parker, a native of England, aged 65 years.
C?"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
PATTERSON— In this city, October 9, 1901.
, Eliza, dearly beloyed wife of Robert H. Pat-
terson, and mother of John H., Rebecca,
/Eliza Jr., Hazel and Mary Frances Patter-
son, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years 11
months and 22 days. (Notice — New York
papers please copy.)
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1903 DuDont streel, between Chestnut
and Francisco 1 .
REYNOLDS— In this city. October 10, 1901
Rachel Ann. wife of the late Judge G. F.
Reynolds, and mother of Charles F. Reynolds
a native of New York, aged 81 years 9
' months and' 22 days.
SAGGAU— In this city, October 7. 1901, Fred-
die Saggau, beloved son of Henry Saggau
and of the late Margaret Saggau. and brother
of Phillio Saggau, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 2 months and 5 days.
[C"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEIN — In Najryvarad, Hungary. September
24, 1801. Rebecca, beloved mother of J. H.
Stein, aged 75 years and 3 months.
STULZ— In this city, October 8, 1901, William
Stulz, beJoved husband of Johanna Stulz,
and father of William Jr.. Fred, Henry.
Frank, George and the late Charles Stulz
and Mrs. Amelia Banks, a native of Kippen-
heim, Baden, Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 15 days. (Santa Rosa papers
please copy.)
IH^'Fr'inds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 921 Greenwich street, under the aus-
pices of Lincoln Lodge No. 1, G. A. K. A
member of Saxon Lodge No. 1848, Knights of
Honor. Interment National Cemetery. Pre-
sidio. .
THARSING— In Oakland, at 1330 - Kirkham
street, October 9, 1901, Edward, beloved hus-
band of KJarste Tharsingr. father of Lilian
Tharsing-, end brother of Mrs. Fred Dahl
of Elmhurst, Mrs. Knight of Stockton and
Chris M. TharsinK of Shasta County, a mem-
ber of Oakland Lodge No. 118. I. O. O. F..
and Oak Leaf Lodge, A. O. U. W., a. na-
tive of Denmark, aged 58 years and 10
months. .
WILLIS— In this city, October 10, 1901, Cor-
nelius Albert, beloved infant son of John W.
and Emma Willis, a. native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2- months and 20 days.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
will please take notice that the funeral dele-
gation commencing at John Hushing- and
ending at Charles F. Jonson will assemble
at 32 O'Farrell street at 9' o'clock to-day
(Friday), to attend the funeral of our late
brother, William Casey.
E. CAMPBELL.' President.
H. McKEVITT. Rec. Sec. '•
IIOOMS WANTED. ;.'.'
WANTED-By lady student, in respectable fam-
ily, housekeeping room, attic floor; soon pos-
sible; permanent . if , -satisfactory. Address,
box 916. Call. • \u25a0-;;
IN Western Addition. 3 or 4 partly furnished
rooms are wanted by quiet couple who like
sun and dislike noise. D. A. Ei, box 942, Call.
WANTED— 3 or 4 housekeeping . rooms "suitable
for 3 or 4 adults; west of Adeline and Four-
teenth sts. . Address 1520 Eighth, Oakland. ;
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady>and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
552. Call; \u25a0 '•..\u25a0-\u25a0•, - ' .
"W ANTED— 4 or 5 furnished rooms or cottage;
Western Addition; reasonable. Box 949. Call.-
•WANTED^2 or 3 unfurnished housekpg rooms
near G. G. Park. Address 504 Cole st.
HUFTUIIE SAXITAllIUMv
HUNTER S 1 RUPTURE SANITARIUM, 1203
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $i; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.'
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine. .
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boupht. sold a'nd repairing guaran-
teed. Cha.s. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds 'bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIEHCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson "281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut. rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
DISSOLUTION OF PAHTAEKSHIP.
dTsSOLUTION Ol? COTARTNERSHIP^San
Francisco, Oct: 10. 1901— Know all men by
these presents, that the firm of A. W. PIKE
'& CO.." hitherto and now composed of A. W. .
PIKE and CHAS. H. WOOD, is hereby dis-
solved. The said CHAS. H. WOOD hereby
: .assumes all the obligations of the late firm
and takes over ail of the assets and from this
time on will continue said business under the
former firm name of A. W. PIKE & CO.
Witness our hands and seals the day and
year first above written.
A. W. PIKE,
• CHAS. H. WOOD.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco, October 8, 1901— Dividend No. 193 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company • will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor, Mills bldg., on October 15,
1901. Transfer books will close on October
10. 1901, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 177, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 7, 1901 — Coupon No. 9,
due October 12, 1901, from first mortgage 6
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company
of California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker- Woolworth
National Bank, on and after that date
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of pledgees' sale — To whom it may
concern: Notice is hereby given that the un-
dersigned. EDWARD POLLITZ & CO., as
pledgees for value, will,, through the chair-
man of the Stock and Bond Exchange, sell at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash
in United States gold coin, on SATURDAY,
the 12th day of October, 1901, at 11 o'clock
a. m: of that day, at the boardroom of said
Stock and Bond Exchange, room No. 62, in
the Merchants' Exchange building, on the
south side of California st.. . between San-
some and Montgomery, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, one
hundred (100) shares of the capital stock of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company, a
corporation, and one hundred (100) shares of
the capital stock of the HonOkaa Sugar Com-
pany, a corporation^ Dated San ' Francisco,
Cal. October 9, 190L EDWARD POLElTZ
& CO., pledgees. '
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
st, San Francisco, Cal., October 8, 1901.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re- [
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Thursday. October 24, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats. Arctic Overshoes, Russet Shoes,
D. B. Cloth S. B. Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent Increase, if desired, by
this department Bids will be opened for the
delivery of the same articles at either the
San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phlla- ;
del phia -Depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature, of the articles to be i
furnished, bidders will carefully examine the
standard samples and -specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted upon in the inspec-
tion of the jroods. .Unguaranteed bids, and
I bids upon samples differing- ; from standard
and specifications, will under no circum-
stances be considered; proposals for less
quantity than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or inspection at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.-
Bidders must state in their proposals the rate
and time of delivery should contract be
awarded to them, and that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they can absolutely fulfill. \u25a0 The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
will be opened at the other depots. Prefer-
ence will be- given to articles of domestic
production and • manufacture, conditions .of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture- the. duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to" articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
. Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be ; furnished on application
.\u25a0 Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
. dorped "Proposals No. 9036," \u25a0 and addressed
to Major. C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster U
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
. , MAERIAGE LICENSES.
' The following- marriagre licenses were Issued
Henry B. Howell, 21, 607 Stevenson street
and Ella.R. Clark, 18, C07 Stevenson street
John V. Kromelbein, 30, 425 Fourth street
and Josephine Flick, 25, 425 Fourth street.
1 G. Wayne C. Mitchell, 22, Lower Lake, and
Pauline N. Manlove, 23,' Lower Lake.
George E. /Johnson, 22, 527 Post street, and
Gertrude G. Smith, 19. 994 Filbert street.
John Widerstrom. 32, city, and Allfrida An-
derson, 36, city. ' . '
.Edward Greene, . 2S, city, and Hulda Ekblom,
Richard A. Coffee, 22, 1506 Hyde street, and
Julia Stubb, 23, 726 Eddy street.
Arnold Calciaris, 23. city, and Norlne Fla-
hav?n, 18, 1S07 Howard street. " . .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JENNE— In thin city, September 19, 1901, to
the -wife of Charles F. Jenne, a daughter
KERRIGAN— In this city, October 8, 1901, to
the wife of Thomas Kerrigan, a son.
PETERS— In this city, October 3, 190L to the
wife of S. Peters, a son. !
WHITTALL— In Oakland. October 3, 1801 to
the wife of Walter William Whittall, & son.
MARRIED.
BRIDINGER— MARSH— In this city, October
9. 1801. by the Rev. E. F. Dinsmore, Le on
A. Brldinsrer and May D. Marsh, both of San
i Francisco. . ,
GERBER— MORRIS— In this city, September 1
1901, by the Rev. M. S.Levy, Maurice QtT-
ber of Seattle and Anna Morris of San Fran-
; clsco.
GLASS— MORRIS— -In this city, September 25
i 1901, by : the Rev. M. S. Levy, Arthur Glass
and Miriam Morris, both of San Francisco.
KIRSCHNER-ALTMAN-In this city, Sep-
tember 8, 1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Rob-
ert Kirschner and Lena Altman, both of San
Francisco. . , , • . .
THOMPSON— BALCH— In this city, October 9
• 1901, at St. John's, Presbyterian Church by
! the Rev: Dr. HemDhill,- William Thompson
\u25a0 of Honolulu and Maud Balchof San Fran-
! clsco. ..\u25a0...' \u25a0 ' —
TOLCHARD— GOSLINER— In this city, Sep-
tember 1, 1S0L by the Rev, M. S. Levy, Henry
E. Tolchard -and Sarah Gosliner,. both -of
\u25a0 San Francisco. ...... , \u25a0
.WERNER— SHIMONOWSKY— In this city, Oc-
tober 6. 1901. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Arthur'
.Werner and Annie Shimonowsky, both of
Crockett, Cal. \u25a0. ' - : -
DIED.
Adams, William Lee, Bridget'
Batterman, C. S. Lindsey, Alex
Burner, Mary A. Marc, Philippe
Byrnes, Nellie Marshall. William A.
Cochran, James Mero, Irene A.
' Crossley, Dorothy . Olsen. Frederick
! Doherty, Dr. Wm. K; O'Neal, Robert
Eis, Hildegard Parker, William- H.
Graham, Hannah . Patterson,' Eliza
Harlem, Henry J. Reynolds, Rachel A.
Hart, John A. Sag-gau, Freddie
Harvey, Capt. F. "W. Stein, Rebecca
Hess, Mathilde Stulz. William
Kohn. Rose Tharsine,' Edward
Landresse, Clerc de, Willis. Cornelius A. '
Henri Jr.
ADAMS— In this city, October 10, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Ettie Adams,
and father of William Adams Jr.. a native
of Plymouth, England, aged 64 years and 4
days.
E7"The: funeral will take placa to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2417 California street. Interment
\u25a0 private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery- Please
omit flowers. . -
BATTERMAN— In Butte' City, Mont., October
7, 1901, Christopher Stoddard Batterman, aged
42 years. . ; ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-
E?"HiB remains will be cremated at : Odd
Fellows' Crematory, San Francisco, to-day
(Friday), -at 11 o'clock. • '
BURNER— In this city, October 8, 1901, Mary
A., beloved wife of Henry Burner, and
mother of Walter B. Burner, a native of
England. . aged 50 years 3 months and -13
. days. . •
f C?" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Lincoln Relief Corps No. S are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple, 2668 Mission street, under the aus-
pices of Mission Charter No. 155. O. E. S.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land; •
BYRNES— In this city, October 9, 190L Nellie,
beloved daughter, of the late James D. and
Ellen Byrnes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years 9 months and 21 days. '
\u25a0 C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Fridcy), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, Mrs. D. Allen. 1544 Howard
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be. celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing: at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COCHRAN— In this city. October 8, 1901.
James, dearly beloved husband of Annie T. !
Cochran, and father of Robert, Agnes and
Arthur Cochran and the. late James F. Coch-
ran, a native of Carlestbn, St. John, N. B.,
ased 51 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11% Grand street, oft Mission, be-
tween Ninth and Tenth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CROSSLEY— In Ocean View. October 9, 1901.
Dorothy, dearly beloved daughter of John F.
and Agnes Crossley, sister of Harold Cross-
ley, and granddaughter of Thomas Edgar, a
native of Ocean View, aged 4 months and 19
day a.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 77 Farallon street, between Ply-
mouth and San Jose avenue. Ocean View.
•Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city. October 9, 1901, Dr.
William K., beloved husband of Engelina
Doherty, and father of Charles and Grace A.
Rallens, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years
5 months and 13 days. A member of Point
of Timber Lodge, A. O. U. W., of Byron,
Cal. \u25a0 <
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage. . \u25a0
EIS— In this city, October 9. 1901, Hildegard
Eis, beloved wife of Martin Els, mother of
Florence and 'Walter Eis, and daughter of
Edward and Bertha Deeders, a ! native of
Breslau, Germany, aged 27 years 4 months
and 21 days.
GRAHAM— In this city, October 8, 1901, Han-
nah, beloved wife of Anthony Graham, and
sister of Joseph H. and James T. Gannon, a
native of San Francisco, aged \u25a0 32 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1032% Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where, a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARLEM— In Marysvllle, Henry J. Harlem,
beloved husband of Frances Harlem, father
of Clarence and Jack Harlem, and brother
of Louis Harlem of Sanger and Benjamin
Harlem of Fresno, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 43 years 7 months and 28 days.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Darlors of
Halsted & Co., .946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from, Third and Townsend Btreets.
HART— In Eureka, October 7. 1901, John A.,
beloved husband pf Luana IX Hart,- a.na-^
. live of England, aged 43 years 9 months and
21 days.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the. funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the Darlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission, street. San Fran-
cisco, under the auspices of Brooklyn Lodge
'No. 225, F. and A. M. , Interment private.
HARVEY— In this city. October 9, 1901, Cap-
\ain F. W. Harvey, father of Mrs. Dr. W.
A. Martin, a native of England, axed 73
years.
tC7Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
services to-day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street, near
Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HESS— In thl3 city, October 10, 1901. Mathilde.
beloved wife of the late Charles Hess, and
mother of William E., Charles Jr., Otto and
Frank Hess, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 70 years 5 months and 10 days.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1312 California street, between Hyde
and Leavenworth. Interment strictly pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
•KOHN— In this city. October 10, 1901, Roae,
beloved wife of Samuel L. r Kohn, mother of
Alexander L. Kohn, daughter of J. A. Hart,
and sister of Harry J., Abe, Sidney and
Stella Hart and Mrs. Nettle Carter, a na-
tive of New York, aged 40 years 2 months
and 1 day. (St. Louis and Cincinnati pa-
pers please copy.) \u25a0
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
; (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2205 Scott street. Interment, private
• at Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leav-
ing- Third and Townsend Btreets at 3:30
o'clock. — -\u25a0 - \u25a0 *» ' \u25a0
LANDRESSE, CLERC DE— In this city, Octo-
ber 9, 1901, Henri Jr., beloved husband' of
Therese Clerc de Landresse. father of
Charles, Clarence, Emll, Henri .and Anita
Clerc de I^ndres3e, son of Henri Glerc de
Landresse, and -brother of Charles P., Louis
M. and Adele M. Clerc de Landresse, a na-
tive of California, aged 40 years 7 months
and 15 days. (French papers please copy.). .
LEE— In this city, " October 10. : 1901, Bridget
Lee, beloved sister of John Lee, a native of
Scotland, aged 47 years.
LINDSEY— In this city, October 8, 1901, Alex,
.beloved husband of Josephine Lindsey, and
father of Robert. Myron, Margaret, Joseph
and Virginia J. Lindsey, a member of James
A. Garneld Post No. 34, G. A. R.. a native
of Boston, aged 58 years 10. months and 19
days. \u25a0\u25a0 . :\u25a0 \u25a0-
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy -street. In-
terment National Cemetery.
MEMBERS of James A. Garneld Post No. 34,
and comrades of the Grand Army generally,
are invited to assemble at the post room at J
o'clock to-day (Friday), to attend the fu-
neral of our late comrade. Alexander Lind-
Eey. Interment National Cemetery,. Presidio.
A. E. COHN. Commander.
F. E. MYERS, Adjutant.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan .& Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
... San Mateo County.
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
• J. HENDERSON. Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, j
27 and 29 Fifth Bt. Tel. South 167. 1
, FtJNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3. I
Finest Equinment_at__Moderate Rates. I
_ i . ,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. \u25a0 :
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. '
Eamuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J
McBrearty, with the. same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
; Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal.
The ordinance : prohibiting burials ' in San
Francisco after the first ' day or August, laoi,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead.
• Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of ' Health the" same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager*
B ATT. WAY TRAVIX.
southeriTpacifio.
Train* Ivnv* Mini ari» <ln«> i«» nrrlve Mt
NAN rUANCMVO,
- (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leave — Frov October 6. 1901. — arrivb
; 7:0Oa Benicia, Suisun, Elsnira and Sacra- '
memo G 25 p
7:OOa VaciTilla, 'Wloters, Rumsey 7:3.1k"
i:S»»JI axtii.-ez, H»u Uaiuou, V&llejo. Nap*.
Calistoga aud .Santa Uosu/. M:2or
8:00a Vtiia, Woodlaud. Kuights Landing,
Marmille, <»ronlle.. 7:3*r
S:OOi Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and East 13:25p
M:OUa NUes, Lathrop, Stockton 7:--5-»p
8:O«tKUn, AUndota. Uanfdrd. YUali*.
Porterrille <1s53f
8:3Oa Shasta KxpresB— Daris, Williams (for
\u25a0 Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red
'Bluff, Portland. 7:53# .
•t3OA San .loan. Livennorc, .Stockton,
lone .Sacramento. FlacrrTiUe.
JUryitille, Chic.i. lte.l ICInlT 4:2}r
ftsJMA Oakdalr. Chlnese.Sonora, Carters... 4:25p
I»:OOa Haywarcl, Nilt» aud Waj Stations. . 1 1 :-VY\
»:oo a Vallsjo 1*:25*
. V:OOa Los Angeles Erpresa — Martinez,
Tracy, lj&tiirop. rttocktou. Merced
. . Fresno and Los Angeles TiSSp
O:«»A Vallejo. Martinez ami Way Stations ?:»3p
1 0:00 a The OrerUnd Mini ted— Ogden, Deu-
ter. Omaha. Chicago 6:»»r
tl:«M)rSacrainsiiti>i:iTeT Hummer* t-V""*
3:3»p Iiayward. Nile* and Way .Station*.. 7:33f
4io»r Kmicla. Winters. hacrnmetfto.
Woodland. 1 Kni«lita Lauding.
M»i7»tMf, Orofilln 10:33*
4tOOp Martinez. Hau Kamoii. Tallejo,
Nairn. « fellntoKii. Santa Itoxa »>23a
4:O()p Nile?, Livermore, Stockton. I.oili... IS'«5r
4::t»r Iiayward. NI!es,Ka» Jum, law-more <!*:»»*
4:3Op Fort Costa, Tracy, Lathrop, Stnckton 1«:25*
5:001- The Owl Limited— Fresuu, Tulare. *
BalfersSeM. Hangus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles S:53.\
S:OOpMarlin«z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1*:25*
3:3Op Hew Orleans Ezpre«s— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakenheid, Los Angeles,
Dcmiug, £1 Paso, New Orleans .
and Esst *.... 7iSS4
OsOOp Bayward, Nlles and San Jose 7:3.5*
fStOQp V»llo]< I Ii23*
tfiOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Cbioago 12:23p
8:00r Oriental Jlall— Ogden, Denier,
8t Louis. Chicago. 4:23f
?:OOr Orrcrmaud California Hij.rrM.Hao-
riimmitu. Marjurille. KeiMliig.
1'oi'hliinil, I'uget rtonnd ami Hast 8:35*
Si«3rSan Pahlo. Fort Costa, Martinet
and Way Htations 11:23*
t«;03p Vallrjo ?:53f
COAST L.INE (Narrow Uauge).
• (Foot ot Market Str»e>.>
' Si 13a Nenark.C'eiiterTlIIe.iSaii.Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek,8anta Cruz and Waj
Stations StSOw
-|3tl3r Newark, Centerville. San .Tone, Nnw
Alniaileii, Foltou, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'liuclnal Way
Stations IOiJIOA
4:l3r Newark, Hau .Toko, Lor Gatos fS:3»4
a9.3or Hunters' Train— San Jcse and Way
Stations t7-»<>y
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAS mSCISCO— f oot of Muket Street (Slip 8)—
t/:15 U.OO ll:00*.M. l:C3 3:J3 5:15p.».
fforaOlSUHD— r«»l.' Braid*. j.— f« ; 00 iS;00 tS:03
10.00 a.m. 12:0 J 203 i:03r.H.
COAST LiINE (Uroail llaiiRo).
(ThirJ nnd Townwnl Sts.)
tt:i»A San Joieand Way .statiuns. A<a»p
7:«0a San Jnae »ml Wuy . Stations l:»»r
/7:O«A New AlniauVn / *:10r
ViOOANan Josh. Tiei linos. MiuiU Crnr,
l'aciiic Urixtf. balinas. tian Lull
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate stations ~:-13p
10:30a San. Jose and Way Stations 4:1 Op
1 1:3«U Han Josa and Way Stations StUOr
13:43? 8an Mateo, Iteilwnoii, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara. San .lose.
Tren Plaos, K.int» Crux. Salinas.
Monterey awl Taoine <JroT» tlOs43a
SiBOp Han Jose and Way Stations «:3I>A
f4:l5r San Jose ami Principal Way .Stations !>:*\u25a0> A
i.1:OOrSan Jose, Los Gates aud Principal
Way Stations t»»«<»A
3:3Op San .1 us* ami Priucir"! Way Stations «:30a
• .OOP fcedwoid, San Jos«. Gilmy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Lo« Angeles 1O:O3a
«:3Op San Jose and Way Stations t*:»o A
qll:45p San Jogpaml Way Stations 6:3Op
A for Morning. I" for Afternoon,
t Snnday excepted. J Snt.day only.
O Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Friday!^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RL C*
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ftrry. Foot of Mor*«t SX.
fan Francisco to San Rniac 1 .
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:C0. ' 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:J0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:QO. '9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3;30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at I:i5
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:03. 6:25 p. m. V
Leave I In Effect ' I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- ) 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ' ( Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am S.tiOam Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Ro.ea. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am-
5:00 pm .Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville, I
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 3:C0am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm -
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pro*
7:30 ami 8:00 ami [10:40 am 10:25 am
-3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. J 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdaie
for the Geysers; at Hophind for Duncan :
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porao, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, BuckneM'a,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, 'West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia"
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays ronnd-trip tickets to all points \u25a0
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. •g.SO. 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, •6:15. 6:45 p." m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •10:00. "11:30 a. m.. *1:15,
8:15. «4:45, «:30, 9:30 p. m.
TrainB marked (*) run to San Quentia.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27, 7:45.' 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25. 2:15, »3:35. 4:4rt. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00, *10:0O, •11:45 a. m..
\u26661:40. *3:15. 4:43. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:53 10:30
a. m.. 12;35, .2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA . TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
6:00. 6:45 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week. days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. i
8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and . way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
L«?ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. _
| 1:19 P. | 0.00 F.
r»re. Sin litaAn to Summit ud Return, tl M.
Cckrt Office., t21 1LUUUT STREET and SAUSALITO FERUT.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEAKSY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment nf Private*
Diseases. Lost Mantiood. Debility or
disease wearing: on txxijr ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores when
otheri fail. Try him. . Charges low.
t'nrfitfnarnntofd. Call or write
Dr. J. JF. Ml BROW. San Francisco. Cat
THE WEEKLY CALL
per Year,
RAILWAY TRAVEL;
Santa Fe Trains
••« ,. - , \u25a0 . . .
Leave Jfarket-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd~LocaI
Daily • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:4a a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno..:. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3^7p 7:06 a
." Vlsalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
"'•*BakrsflId 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"''Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. -
•9 a. m. train is the Calif ornia \u25a0 Limited
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
nrst-class \u25a0\u25a0; passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday. .
4:20 p. m. is Stockton.- Merced and* Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m.. daily.- . ; .•
8:00 p..m. Is the. Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cute out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally. r - . . ' .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield .Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway \u25a0 Oak-
land. .. . -._ .-. \u25a0-,. .WHILE the Code of Civil
Procedure is the only
code directly involved
in the decision of the court,
the Penal' Code,' the Civil Code
and the county government
act •would all seem affected by
the same line of argument, as
all were enacted in the same
manner. — Chief Justice Beatty
in interview.
CHIEF JUSTICE
BEATTY THINKS
ALL CODES VOID
VICTIM OF A FATAL SHOOT
ING AND HIS SUPPOSED AS
SAILANT.
Colonel E. F. Preston, on the List of
"Republican Aspirants for Gov
ernship—Political Lead
ers Are Kept Busy.
Recent changes in the clerical force of
the State Mineralogist and the rumor of
Impending removals create the suspicion
In mining circles that Governor Gage has
raeolved to convert the State Mining Bu
reau into a political machine. H. S Dur
den, a Republican who has had charge of
the museum for twenty years, has been
notified that he will be dropped from the
payroll. H. L. Barker, Republican and
Grand Army man, who has been connect
ed with the institution a long- time, Is
among those no longer acceptable to the
machine. Van W. Jacobs, a Democrat is
one of the clerks recently let out. State
Mineralogist Aubury tells the people that
he has had nothing to do with the
changes. Seekers for information get thq
Impression that Governor Gage is respon
sible for them. llr. Durden's notice that
he was no longer wanted came to him
night before last. He will be succeeded
py a man named Hyde. There is some
talk of resolute action on the part of lead-
Inp miners of the State to prevent if pos
sible the execution of a scheme to convert
the bureau into a political club
Eugene E. Scnmitz, the Union Labor
party's nominee for Mayor, has addressed
several audiences this week, and his cam
paign managers are arranging for a big
meeting.
Another Republican candidate <or Gov
ernor of California is in the field. E. F.
Preston of San Mateo Countv has an
nounced to his friends that he is an aspi
rant for the gubernatorial nomination.
Mr. Preston is well known throughout
the State as a lawyer and public speaker.
He has taken an active part in the lead
ing political campaigns since 1SSO. In the
State campaign of 1898 he was one of the
foremost Republican orators in the field
and addressed %'ast audiences in the San
Joaquin Valley and other portions of Cali
fornia,
Directors at large — James Calrnes, Joseph
King. Jesee Marks, D. R. Dunbar, James F.
Cheetham.
Forty-eight new members were initiated
at tlie meeting yesterday.
Tp-night the Fremont Club will receive
Asa R. Wells and other nominees on the
Republican municipal ticket. There will
be music and speeches.
The Democratic managers have engaged
the entire upper floor of a large building
on Market street for campaign uses. Xext
Wednesday night there will be a mass
meeting to ratify thfe ticket
Directors— Twenty-eighth EM6trict, J. W. Lar
6en; Twenty-ninth District. John D. Coghlin;
Thirtieth District, C. D. Mangels; Thirty-first
District, J. W. Crowe; Thlrtr-second District,
J. J. Boyle: Thirty-third District, F. X. Bent;
Thirty-fourth District, J. H. Muller; Thirty
fifth District, James L. Ward; Thirty-sixth
District, Charles L. Adams; Thirty-seventh
District, M. F. O'Connor; Thirty-eighth Dis
trict. Frank Dunn; Thirty-ninth District.
Charles JI. Fisher; Fortieth District, William
Lalb: Forty-first District, Max Ludwig; Forty
second District, T. Lunstedt; Forty-third Dis
trict. J. Michel; Forty-fourth District, Charles
Mitchell; Forty-fifth District, Thomae H. Lind
say.
Between now and the time the general
body will take up the matter of indorse
ments a. committee from the liquor deal
ers will wait upon Messrs. Wells, Tobin
and Schmitz, the three candidates for
Mayor, and get from them an expression
cf what their policy toward the liquor
dealers and other businesses in general
will be in the event of their election. It
Is understood that the candidates will be
aeked flat-footed Viuestlons on this point.
In all probability the executive commit
tee will then select one of the candidates
for the liquor dealers' indorsement and
report the selection to the association
•when it meets on the 24th inst. • There is
every indication that lt will be a hot ses-
Elon.
The election of officers tor the ensuing
term took place yesterday, with the fol
lowing results:
President, B. !«. Wagner; vice president, A.
H. Cousins; recorflinr secretary, William
Clack: financial secretary. F. P. McCann;
treasurer. Oscar Hocks; conductor, John W.
Shickwin; Eergre&nt-at-arme, Charles Kaufman.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Liquor Dealers' Association held an
Important conference on the local political
situation yesterday afternoon. The mem
bers of the committee discussed €he usual
custom of Indorsing candidates who would
be fair to the liquor dealers, and after
due deliberation it was decided to suggest
to the general association, which meets at
B'nai B'rith Hall on Thursday evening,
October 24, the advisability of only indors
ing candidates for Mayor and Supervis
ors. This proposition was unanimously
agreed upon by the executive committee,
and if its report Is adopted all other fights
en the ticket will be left open, as far as
the liquor Interests are concerned. •
Makes Ready to Indorse
Nominees for Mayor and
Supervisors.
Executive Committee of
the Association
Meets.
LIQUOR MEN
WILL FIGURE
IN CAMPAIGN
Celebration of the Holy Communion. 7 30
a. m.: morning prayer, 10:30; sermon by R]«ht
Rev. George W. Peterkln. Bishop of "Weit Vir
ginia: Sunday-school. 3:00 p. m.; evenine nray-
Divine Services at the Presidio.
Services will be held in the library at
the general hospital of the Presidio on
Sunday next. The following programme
has been arranged:
goes into effect November 13, 1901. Im
portations from the United States aro
dutiable the same as from a foreign coun
try, and duties are to be paid in United
States coin, excepting that the peso now
in circulation in the islands will be re
ceived at the rate of 50 cents. Tho duties
ar© specific, as in the past, and the metri
cal system of weights and measures will
be continued in use as heretofore.
Deputy Collector of Customs Farley has
received from the War Department a copy
of th« new tariff of the PhillnDines. which
Duties in the Philippines.
. Jen« Moore Whiskeys are famous the world
over for purity and flavor as well as for all
the other qualities that make jjood. whiskey •
Major William "Birkhimer and Captain
Edward Millar of the Artillery Corps were
appointed by General Young yesterday to
serve as a board of examiners for the se
lection of enlisted men as gunners. When
the men are chosen they will be given
target practice with the heavy guns at the
harbor entrance. . •
General Young Appoints Board.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders ot Episcopal Church Con
vention, tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 : inclusive. Limit 30 days.
* or time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
E4l Market st., and ferry depot.
Special Bates
A" suit was filed by the.Atchlson, To
peka and Santa Fe Railroad - Company
yesterday against Helen B. Blinn, through
her guardian, W. J. Adams, to secure the
condemning of a block of -land at the
corner of Merriman and Michigan streets
The land in question is known as tide land
block No. 454 and the complaint alleges
the condemnation of the land is necessary
before the company can proceed with the
building of a terminal station. -
Suit to Condemn Tide' Land.
Rev. Sebastian Dabovlch delivered a
lecture on "The Slavonic Race" last night
at Metropolitan Hall, which, though at
tended only by^a small crowd, was de
cidedly Interesting. The lecture was in
terspersed with Slavonic musical selec
tions by M. Radulovich and Pierre Ban
ach«vitch, a recitation by Miss Genevieve
Simrak and piano solos by Mrs. Fitz
slmmons and Miss La Salle.
Lecture on "Slavonic Race."
Mrs. Matilda Hess, a California pioneer,
died yesterday at. the home of, her sons,
1312 California street. She will be buried
to-morrow at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
Mrs. Hess came to California' with her
husband In 1852. They arrived here in a
sailing vessel by way of Cape Horn.' De
ceased survived her husband eleven years.
She has been ailing for more than six
months. Apoplexy was the immediate
cause of death. Four grown sons survive
her.
Death. Takes Pioneer.
Captain Patrick Murphy, 2812 California
street, secured a 'warrant from Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of his
grandson, Joseph Murphy, a machinist In
the RIsdon Iron Works, on the charge of
disturbing the peace. He said the young
man had been a nuisance around the
house for years and had agreed to find
other quarters after he was. 21 years of
age. He wa3 past that age, . but refused
to leave and persisted in his abusive and
ungrateful conduct,. the. old man said.
Abused by His Grandson.
The early rains have laid the dust; the
heat. of the summer months is no longer
with us; the atmosphere is fresh and in
vigorating,, so that there. is no more de
lightful time of the year in which to visit
the country.- The various colors- that na
tdre puts on at 'this time give an added
charm and the opportunity for a most de
lightful'trip is, offered by the California
Northwestern Railway. On Sunday, Oc
tober 20, that road will run an -excursion
to Ukiah, through that most- picturesque
section of California — Marin, Santa Rosa,
and Russian River valleys — charging only
$2 00 for the round trip. Each ticket sold
insures a seat, for the company will not
sell a single ticket above the number of
seats provided. -They are now on sale at
the ticket office, 650 Market street. Chron
icle building, and at Tiburon ferry. Time
of departure from Tiburon ferry will be
8:30 a. m. ; from Ukiah on that return
5 p. m.
Deliglits of Autumn Travel.
The promised investigation into the acts
of Attorney E. Myron Wolf, trustee of
the estate of Mrs. Mary Brunnings, who
was declared Insane and recently restored
to capacity, came to an abrupt close In
Judge Cook's court. yesterday. In a peti
tion for a change of venue Attorney Fran-
J. H. Tibbitts, who has been examining
Into the copper deposits of. Shasta County
for tho State Mining Bureau, predicts that
in a few years Shasta will be mentioned
in the list with Butte, Mont., arid Cripple
Creek, Colo. He estimates that by 1903
the annual mineral output of the county
will amount to $12,000,000. The figures
show an increase from $623,443 . in 1896 to
$5,574,020 in 1900, and the present rate of
production Mr. Tibbitts finds to be $3,139,
026 per finnum. The Mountain Copper
Company's output for 1900 is estimated at
$4,149,872 in copper, and the gold and silver
bring up the total to $4,772,&85. This year
the JDe la Mar smelters at De la Mar
treating the ores from the Bully Hill
mine, are adding $250,000 per month to the
output, and this will be increased to $450 -
000 per month when- the addition now
making to the present plant is completed.
Mr. Tibbitts says that the Bully Hill mine
will eventually add $5,000,000 per annum
to the output of Shasta County.
When tho smelter- of the Trinity Copper
Company is operating, Mr. Tibbitts says
the Trinity property may be counted on
to rival the other copper mines, and from
that time the mineral production of
bhasta will be In excess of $1,000,000 per
month. In five years Shasta County will
employ 5000 to 6000 miners and produce
from $20,000,000 to $25,000,000 worth of cop
per, gold and silver. There are great
expectations entertained concerning the
Balakala mine, the Backbone and After
thought districts and the region between
Balakala and Iron Mountain.
Redding is rapidly growing. Mr. Tib
bitts says that it will have a population
of 20,000 before the end of the first decade
of this century. There are • two great
power -plants under way in the county
one of which, that of the Keswick Light
and Power Company, will be ready to de
liver light and power this year. Redding
which is expending $250,000 on buildings
and is proposing an electric road to Kes
wick, may also have the advantage of a
copper belt railway. . •
Shasta County will send down a large
delegation to the California Miners' Con
vention. -L
\u25a0"While the Code of Civil Procedure is the
only code directly involved In tne decision of
the court the Penal Code, the Civil Code and
the county governments act would all seem
affected by the same line of argument, as all
were enacted. in the same manner. The. other
cases have not as yet come before the court
and there may be a difference in them which
will affect the decision of the court.
The question as to the validity of the
codes was brought up in the Supreme Court
on August 5 In five different proceedings
in mandamus. The cases were instituted
to make certain Judges perform duties
from which they were freed under the
new codes. . Incidentally the Attorney
General brought up the question and the
lawyers in the succeeding cases advanced
the same arguments, so all were referred
to the court at the same time. Those yet
te be decided are Gillis vs. Judge Jones of
San Joaquin County, Leventon vs. Judge
Harrington of Modoc County, in connec
tion with the Lpokout lynchings, . and
Watt vs. Judge Cook of San Francisco.
In the years subsequent to the adoption
of the new constitution lt was discovered
that many laws should be revised or
amended. ! In 1895 Governor Budd appoint
ed a commission to do this work. Gov
ernor Gage made reappolntments and the
recommendations of the Commissioners
named by him were adopted at the recent
session of the Legislature with the pres
ent discouraging result.
Justices Henshaw, Van Dyke. Temple,
Harrison and Garoutte concur directly in
the opinion written by Justice McFarland.
Chief Justice Beatty concurs on the point
that the law is unconstitutional > from the
fact of its having been enacted in frag
mentary form, but dissents from the view
that the subject Is inadequate. He con
tends that the Code of Civil Procedure is
clearly denned. - •
In an interview the Chief Justice stated:
County Government Act Too.
the said act is unconstitutional and void for
all purposes and is inoperative to change or
in any way affect the law of the State as It
stood Immediately before the approval of. said
act. »:. •
TIBBITTS TALKS
ABOUT COPPER
Judge Cook remarked that In view of
what had transpired he had serious
doubts as to the wisdom of restoring Mrs.
Brunnings to capacity. It was hinted
thaf Attorneys Pierce and Wolf might in
stitute proceedings for the disbarment of
Pope and Archer.
cis Pope, for Mrs. Brunnlngs, made cer
tain allegations that particularly reflected
upon Attorney W. L. 'Pierce and the trus
tee, which were scathingly denounced in
court by Attorney Pierce Tuesday.
When the matter was called yesterday
for Investigation Attorney Pope said he
had been instructed by Attorney L». B.
Archer of San Jose, senior counsel >for
Mrs. Brunnlngs, to make a motion for
the withdrawal of the petition. Ex-Judge
Slack opposed the motion, as he wanted a
thorough investigation to vindicate his
clients. Attorneys Pierce and Wolf; but
the Judge said there was no alternative—
the motion would prevail. He then asked
that the petition be stricken from the
record, but the Judge said he did not have
that power. All he could do was to state
on the record that the petition had been
withdrawn on motion of its author.
The matter of the annual report of the
trustee then came up for hearing. Pope
begged leave to \u25a0withdraw from the case.
He had asked for no fee and would make
no claim for compensation. Ex- Judge
Slack said he would also receive no fee
for his services. . The court appointed At
torney L>. deF. Barteltt to represent Mrs.
Brunnings, and Wolf testified as to the
accounts, showing that each had been
paid by order of court and duly certified.
Bartlett had no protest to make, but said
he might petition'for the appointment of
a new trustee. *
the hammer half-cocked, when lt stuck.
Rodriguez said Aragon did not know
how to fix it and grabbed hold of it lo
pull it away, when it went off. Both
dropped the revolver and Rodriguez fell
to the floor. Clement picked up the re
volver and threw it out of the window,
he says. He told the landlady and she
advised him to telephone for the police.
He and Rodriguez were friends and had
no quarrel nor trouble, he declared. He
stoutly denied that two shots were fired.
and Mendez were taken before Captain
Seymour, where they all made statements.
Clement said he and Rodriguez had just
shaved and were getting ready to go out.
He thought they would better fix the re
volver, which Charles Aragon had a few
days before taken from Mendez, before
going out. He took the \u25a0weapon and got
POPE WITHDRAWS
FALSE CHARGES
Clement Aragon, his brother Charles
Companions Are Questioned.
FRANK RODRIGUEZ, 20 years of
age, was shot in the head in room
11 of the lodging-house at 803
Montgomery street yesterday aft
ernoon, and three other youths-
Clement Aragon, 16: Charles Aragon, 22,
and John Mendez, 20 — are being detained
in the City Prison pending the result of
the wound and an investigation by the
police.
The room in which the shooting took
place was occupied by Clement Aragon.
Rodnruez slept with him "Wednesday
night and about 1 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon Policemen Nelson and Maloney
were notified by the landlady of the house
that Rodriguez had been shot. "When
they entered the room they found Clem
ent Aragon supporting the unconscious
fcrm of Rodriguez, who had been shot In
the head. They summoned, the ambulance
and Rodriguez was sent to the Receiving
Hospital, where the opinion was expressed
that he would die. ' .
The officers noticed that a pane of glass
in the window of the room was broken
and Arazon said he had thrown the re
volver, in his excitement, through the
window to the roof of the - adjoining
building, where Policeman Nelson found
it. There were loaded cartridges' in it
and two empty ones. The officers also
noticed a hole in the ceiling, evidently
made fay a bullet, and .part of the plaster
was scattered on the floor, showing that
the shot had been recently fired.
Many arguments are advanced by the
respondents and one after the other they
are summarily dismissed by the court.
In fact the able legal lights who try to
uphold the codes find apparently little
ground on which a stand may be taken.
The wording of the constitution is such
that there can be little discussion as to
its meaning, on the point in question at
least. The law was clearly violated, so
the decision says, and the labors of the
Code Commission and the Legislature, so
far as they are mutually concerned, is un
done. The court admits that the intent
of the commission was praiseworthy, but
apparently not. productive of desired re
sults. It .is, said by the Justices that the
decision is to be deplored, but Justice Mc-
Farland and his associates are, of course,
firm in the opinion that: the law must be
followed, even though the results seem to
be disastrous.
On this point, the court says in clos
ing: , V
Complaint Is ; made that the rule aa" above
stated would put .the Legislature to .great in-'
convenience when it desired to make a great
many amendments or -Indulge In a great deal
of legislation at one session or at one time
That consideration could not, under any cir
cumstances, destroy a- constitutional provision
But— without impugning the wisdom of any
provision of the 'act before us— lt Is quite ap
parent that the very purpose of the constitu
tional provision In question is to prevent the
evils which might come from hasty, inconsid
erate or wholesale legislation. The statutes
which cannot be enacted in the manner pre
scribed by the constitution should not be at
tempted. The scarcity of statutory laws and
want of facility for passing them are not
among the evils of the times.
• Our conclusion is that, for the reasons stated.
Labors of Commission Undone.
How then can lt be rightly said that a mere
reference to the title . of an act expresses any
subject? If so, what subject? It does not
even refer to a single section which Is to be
amended or repealed, and as to the "new"
sections it does not give the slightest intima
tion as to what they, are to contain.
, The various respondents maintain that
the title in question is a device for insert
ing a subject '"broad" enough to cover
everything. Considering the matter in
this light Justice McFarland says:
Under that view the people who framed and
adopted the constitution would be convicted of
folly in elaborately construing- a -grave con
stitutional limitation of legislative power upon
a most important subject when the Legislature
could at once circumvent it by a mere verbal
trick. \
It Is contended on the part of the re
spondents that although the title does
not, as an independent instrument, ex
press any subject, yet it does so by "ref
erence." The court concedes that where
the title still expresses a definite subject
then the title of an amendatory act may
be helped by reference lo the title of the
original act, which does express a subject,
being incorporated into the title of the
amendatory act.
The case at bar, however, refers merely
to the Code of Civil Procedure. The court
holds that the name Civil Procedure cov
ers the great body of the State's laws and
is not confined to any particular line of
subjects, but includes substantive law,
criminal law and "legislation that might
be classed under any category whatever."
The law recognizes four codes— the Civil
Code, the Political Code, the Penal Code
and the Code of Vivil Procedure.
Justice McFarland in his decision states
that legislation under any code is insep
arably interwoven with legislation under
the others. He says further:
The form in which revisions and amend
ments were presented to the Legislature
was a connotation of the numeral by
which the statute is designated, followed
by the text of whatever it was desired to
be enacted, to repeal, add or correct in
the original lav/. The court says:
Tho Bald Code of Civil Procedure was not
"re-enacted and published at length as revised."
It seems as though the mind of either layman
or lawyer might accept with safety the con
struction which is so obvious.
' The first part of the constitutional law
was violated, and there was little or no
defense offered. The court does not even
pause to argue the matter.
In reference to the second question, that
"every act shall embrace but one sub
ject," the points made by the respondents
and the anxious amici curiae are deemed
worthy of an answer. The- title of the act
in question is "An act to revise the Code
of Civil Procedure by amending certain
sections, repealing others and 'adding cer
tain new sections."
The court on this point says:
It is apparent that the language of the title
of the act in question in and of itself ex
presses no subject whatever. No or." could
tell from the title alone what subject of legis
lation was dealt with in the body of the act;
such subject, as far as the title of. the act in
forms us. might have been entirely different
from, anything to be found in the act itself.
All the Codes Affected.
Construction Is Obvious.
The Supreme Court yesterday declared
unanimously that the Code of Civil Pro
cedure as revised and amended during the
last session of the Legislature is uncon
stitutional. Chief Justice Beatty says
that the fate of the Penal Code, the Civil
Code and the county government act will
probably be the same. The work of the
Code Commission, covering a period of
seven years and costing directly about
$100,000, is rendered valueless. The fault
seems, by the decision of the Supreme
Court, to rest entirely on the carelessness
of Governor Gage's appointees In present
ing the revisions and amendments for en
actment in an unconstitutional form.' .
The statutes will remain as they were
before the new codes- were adopted. The
outlook is not pleasant, for courts all
over the State will now be beset with
difficulties. Scores of cases will have to
be tried all over again. Appeals and peti
tions for new trials will be 'presented in
dismaying numbers. The Code of Civil
Procedure is the only one directly in
volved In the decision, but a half-dozen
cases In which the other codes mentioned
are concerned are before the , Supreme
Court and must apparently be annulled
for the same reasons.
Article IV of the State constitution, re
ferring to provisions and amendments,
says:
No law shall b« revised or amended by ref
erence to its title; but In each case the act
revised or section amended shall be re-enacted
and published at length as revised or amended.
Every act shall embrace but one subject, which
shall be expressed In Its title.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 11, 1901.
Frank Rodriguez Is Found Unconscious in Room With Bullet Hole
in His Head and Clement Aragon, Who Was With Him When
Injury Was Inflicted, Declares That the Shooting Was Accidental
MEXICAN YOUTH IS FATALLY SHOT
AND HIS COMPANIONS ARE IN JAIL
SEALS DOOM
OF FOUR NEW
ENACTMENTS
Supreme Court Nullifies
the Code of Civil
Procedure.
Commissioners Fail to Act
in Accordance With
Constitution.
Chief Justice Beatty Thinks Civil
Code, Penal Code and County
Government Act Axe Like
. " wise Affected.
He admitted placing four shells in the
revolver "Wednesday. nlgrht, but could not
account for the two empty shells nor th9
hole in the ceiling.
Mendez Owned Revolver.
Charles Aragon and Mendez £ad Just
returned fronvthe docks, where they had
been working as longshoremen, when
they were notified of the shooting. - Men
dez admitted that the revolver belonged
to him and was taken 'from him by
Charles Aragon some days ago and that
Charles save it to Clement. .
The Aragons came here from Las Vegas,
N. M., and Rodriguez from Albuquerque,
N. M., two or three -weeks ago and got
| employment on the docks as longshore
men during the strike. The police are
handicapped -in their investigation, as no
one was in the room except Aragon and
Rodriguez, and they cannot. find any one
who heard any shots.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS* . .
A Bonnie Winter Coat
' i^^f^^prj For ThatLad of Yours
4 z*T^ It's Just chock-a-block style, -,-tliat -tof j
AT^L, v__— -•>. coat you se« pictured opposite, with verret j0
/^GT^^X Ji\jm&**^ collar; that's the coat for winter. Notice howf"
/^ V«^l*BisP^*S. broad the shoulders are; that's the swell idea:
I \\ V\ aKKBSWSSESfSrSSiH if you have a chap between the ages of 8 and
\ \ \\ eSH&fflErol ' 15 years, this is the coat for him to wear, and
I *•! A ffS'yinSsf'Sis?* we're naming a price on £* A as g\
I $np<f make " ko like wlld " i»\ # Til
rfT"i7 nHBrrTrywinP *" two shade9 > hazel wailWU
I I jlBii^psSESP"^ That pretty "Winter Reefer you see, in a beau-
\ li-"!! flCSTWfii tiful shade of blue cheviot, with velvet collar.
p'.Tjf "Kg fSf O * emblem on the sleeve, for little chaps between
Wl H 1 Ell FA the a * es ot -^> and 6: lt>a affe #% 3" ir\
foOi KH ra !''*! a smart little affair; It's a SJl \u25a0 1 C| B
P'l M I Pi Kj little coat that were we to m W\ I IS
\%m w a uf V\'l.— «• tax you * 3 for lt you would m[% M m * 01
If m JUffteii' liiP ' not hesitate p* 1 * 113 * it- UrsblW
I^IPiyi^p' A Prett g souYenlr for Our
*Sj^ Boij Friends To-Daui
— * — * '\u25a0 . . %
The Sea! of Approval
1 *" "^ XX/J)OTlf i/t/Ctu C-OCLu
:\u25a0 /^^^^b>^ 'Stroller
\u25a0 "^ W^^^^^m Overcoat
' Wv I W^B J.I I iillsPiiSii slate gray Ox-
length If \ii*
\Jr 2 W^M%W&/fiW3%MGk slash -pocket:
OUIO n^P^^fe^^RS f thU i o°ne? thayt '
~^DKJk# / m If Wg features in our \
<~*(^} AT / jdrH* 1^ ///'// •Men's Overcoat i
4li\ ' H' ? 'Ml ' * ml *^ *tJ 3 9 B ' \u25a0
f. I |
KINGPINS FOR OVERCOATS.
»s : gg ys — : ; : n
1 Our smartest fashions are illustrated in I I D/f/A/ Pn/ITQ FOR MAN. BOf\
our New Winter Catalogue. Send for it. \ n fit IV UUA I O AND CHILD.
k — r» \u25a0\u25a0& — a
00^,:
5|§|||lj^EY£,§
Require good glasses. They
cannot be too good, but they «
must be just suited to the '
vision or they will prove to
be bad. Come to our store
and we will tell you precisely
| the kind of glasses you re-
quirt.
t \
2l7K&rnev5lr 5.F-
Oppression, Sflffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored bj >
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.^ POWDER
Paris, J.BSPIC: New York, E. FOIKJE2A & CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS L ™ "*'"*"
PILES SS*
CO prominent business m«n Ant as r«ferSc».
E0O cures ia S. F. For Dartieulara adores*
•PHYSICIAN, box 1350. CaU offlc*. -
M The great reductions we offer on Friday of every week have Jl
J been the means of crowding our store. The public was quick in M
n \u25a0if C t mg * rUe ValUGS and takin S advantage of them. This method M
g will be maintained and you may look for SDecial offerings in our 1
U store every Friday of the year. * ij
|a The following to-day: m
K all Bizes and widths. Fridav nntv „ „.. 23
M Friday only ?2.65 rrtda y <"»>'•••• $2.05 ||
\u25a0 . LADIES' EXAMEL OXFORDS-IM11 « ¥ E , N '? ? N * MEL OXFORDS, swell S
\\ extended solee. handweiu- ouTTerular fl * t Iast « double soles; a stylish fall S
H Komfort $3 50 shoes. "J 0 *- , " «i
|J Friday, only $2.05 Frtda y onl y $2.65 S
r? LADIES' IDEAL, CPatent Vld) BOYS' AND TOUTTHS' VICI KID a
n LACE SHOES — Slightly extended hand- L-A-CE SHOES, stout soles and rull toe 9
I'' ' -welted soles. The material of this ehoe s l«e»— • to 13, regularly $1 75 $1.4O %
L? is soft as silk and will not draw the' 13 # t0 2 > regularly {2 1.65 8
EM foot. 214 to 5%. regularly $2 25 1.85 H
l>j Friday only $3.O5 (Si
D&^' iSff^L^ft «• ° ™™™$g 'm^l^^vf so?es- fl9 1
TON SHOEi^thTo^eVproU^- * £ * 1
Sizes— & to 8, regularly $1 60 Sl.IO 83
> E% to 101,6. regularly $2.... 1.35 CHILDREN'S AND MISSES 1 BOX 9
CALF LACE AND BUTTON SHOES fl
LITTLE GIRLS' HAND TURNED UM 'toT" 1 6h ° eS - ft n* 1
LACE SHOES, patent leather tips. w t ° t0 n V?S I
6ire»-S% to 11 only, regularly n 50..«l I W U^ZllZlY^lllii^l 1 is M
AGENTS FOR THE KOMFORT 1
$3.50 SHOES: absolutely the best and swellest S3 B0 shoes made for m»n an* Bl