Mammoth Corporation Absorbs the Lake Superior Consoli
dated Mines and All the Railways and Lake Transpor
tation Lines Controlled by the Standard Oil Magnate
ROCKEFELLER'S IRON INTERESTS
HAVE BEEN TURNED OVER TO THE
NEW BILLION-DOLLAR STEEL TRUST
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and Prince Poniatowski Reach
•f an Agreement Which Leaves but One Racing Organi
zation and One Track in the Local or Suburban Field
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB BUYS
OUTRIGHT THE INGLESDE AND
TANFORAN RACETRACK COPSES
NEVT TORK. March IS.— J. P. Mor
gan & Co. to-day confirmed tho
report v.hich was circulated here
that all the interests of John D.
Rockefeller in the Iron business.
Including rr.lnes, railways and lake trans
portation lines, are to go into the United
Elates Steel Corporation. These interest.?
Include- the Lake Superior Consolidated
Ircn Mines, -which concern .has a capital
ctock of J33.000.OOO. of which J2?.S$7,44S is
outstanding. It was incorporated under
the laws of Now Jersey In 1S32 to acquire
and operate iron mir.es in the Mesaba
Tl&nge. Minnesota. The company owns
extensive properties In this region and
leases pome of Its mines to the Carnegie
Eteel Company and other large steel
manufacturers. It owns the Duluth. Me
saba an3 Northern Railway, extending
from Duluth to Iron Mountain, ilinn.,
and embracing about IS 1 ) miles of road.
The Lake Superior Consolidated Iron
Ulnes has no direct mortg-age indebted
ness of Its own, but the Duluth, Mea&ba
and Northern Railway has a bonded debt
consisting cf Jl.lOO/KO first mortgage G
per cent bonds, due in l.'»22. 52.^1.0*) con
solidated mortfrape C per cent bonds due
In 1323, and K.O^.Ooi fecond mortgage 5
per cent bonds, due in ISIS.
Increase of Steel Stock.
It xras reported in Wall street to-day
that the capital stock of the new United
States Stpel Corporation probably will be
Increased by HOP, 000.000; that this increase
¦was mad s necessary by reason of the
acquisition of the Rockefeller iron mines
ar.d properties in the Lake Superior dis
trict.
THE STANDARD OIL MAGNATE WHO HAS DISPOSED OF HIS VAST IRON
BUSINESS, INCLUDING MINES AND TRANSPORTATION LINES, TO
THE NEW STEEL. COMBINATION.
town to see the Mayor, with whom somsthlnsr
could yet be arranged. Without further de
tails. I will «ay that at 11 o'clock that even-
Ing Mr. Phelan was waiting for me at th»
Pacific Union Club. In company with Joteph
G. Tobin and Mr. Fay. We sat there until 3
o'clock, .the Mayor wondering and Inquiring
what trade could be brought about that would
allow him decently - to withdraw his veto on
Monday afternoon. His liberality went bo far
as to propose to me to engage myself, as an
individual, not to sell the . control of the San
ITrancisco Jockey Club for five years, and If
I would agree to keep Tanforan closed during
that time, then he would withdraw his veto.
I declined' this bargain, but realizing that all
the Mayor wanted was some ktnd of an ex
cuse "to his Board of Supervisors. I stated that
I would agree, for five. years, not to run at
Tanforan more than thlrty-stx days In tach
year, which woul.i. with the thirty -sin day.--"
restriction on IngleSlde. impose a limitation r J
seventy-two days in the- Immediate vicinity of
this city. This was a sacrifice of 90 per cent
of what we .were allotted In San Mateo
County, and was practically putting San Mate->
County.' through our Instrumentality, under th>
jurisdiction of the- Mayor "of San Francisco.
Continued on Second Page.
Tnable to obtain a categorical answer, 1 then
I-romptly declared to the Mayor that I had
s'.ood a great deal In this fight, and that ni
franclal Inducement and no threats would
have changed my mind or my Intentions. HI*
extraordinary behavior now. however, had de
cided me to sericusly consider the »ai» of our
properties to the Ca!lfornl* Jockey Club, which
would thus have an' absolute monopoly, with
unlimited racing, around the city of San Fran
cisco If they, chose to have It so. T!«» Mayor
was easily "convinced of my sincerity when h»
saw Mr. Williams In. the next room waiting
fcr our conversation to come to an end. Ha
then expressed great dismay at the Idea that
the signing of his veto message was going t->
guarantee to the city of San Francisco an un
limited racing monopoly, and that he was th«
one person In this city bringing about such a>
THE RACING MAGNATE WHO
CONTROLS ALL TRACKS IN
THIS VICINITY.
retary. who C was then at the office of the San
Francisco Jockey Club, and my surprise wi»
great to ; learn that the Mayor wu thinking
of vetoing the ordinance. Mr. Fay added that
If we could come to some agreement by, which
the racing war would be stopped and racing
limited to a short winter season in San Fran
cisco he might, however, sign- the ordinance.
I exp'ressed to Mr. Fay my surprise at having
such a message with such advice transmitted
to me on the last day and at an hour when
any such action was practically impossible.
However, on Mr. Bouvler' s recommendation
and advice that the Mayor would ¦ meet me at
10 o'clock at the Bohemian Club. I sent for an
engine . and ¦ came to - town, finding the Mayor
at the B)hemlan Club, with one or two friend*.
Our talk lasted three hours, during which time
views were " expressed / and ' the . matter fully
d!scu3»fd.- It the veto message had been filed
at : 6 o'clock,' as Mr. Phelan now. claims, hs
would ' bave said eo after ten ' minutes' talk.
During our entire conversation he did not
even Intimate to me that a veto had been in
ttrposed. His two veto mer sigea , were . found
«ub«equently. -at 8 o'clock, next • morning. ¦ In
the ;city Hall, .lying on /the 'desk where they
had .been thrown at some vague hour.
; On Saturday at about 4 o'clock. :durins th»
rac*s ' at Ingleslde. I was for the 'first time
"officially- notified that the, ordinance, had been
vetoed.* My Instructions were,' ¦" therefore,! given
to].retransfef all racing on ; Monday ' to Tan
foran," and I thought the Incident, was closed.
We were advised that evening by our lawyers,
oi the Illegality of the veto message, and urged
to, take lmineaiate action to sustain that view.
Dldvthls come to' the ears. of Mr. Phelan? I
should judge so from the . fact . that . while : In
the country i> on . Sunday . telephonic "communica
tions'reached'me again, asking me to come to
CIRCUIT COURT GIVES
A COPYRIGHT DECISION
Important Ruling in Boston in a
Controversy About the Privileges
of a" Publishing House.
BOSTON, March 18.— An important de
cision relating to copyright was given by
Judge Colt of the United States Circuit
Court to-day, sustaining demurrers filed
by the respondents In '_ a case In which
a publishing house sought to obtain dam
ages from two of the largest business
concerns of this city for alleged Infringe
ment In handling "The Professor at the
Breakfast Table," by Oliver Wendell
Holmes, and "The Minister's Wooing,",
by Harriet Beecher Stowe. ;
The court holds that the name of the
person taking out a copyright must be
inserted : In the notice ' of every, edition
published and that the failure to do this
vitiates the copyright. A literal . compll-,
ance with the • statute may not be re
quired, but the notice must contain tho
name, claim of exclusive right and the
date when obtained.
TWO CHINESE BEHEADED.
They Were Participants in the Anti-
German Riots.
BERLIN.. March . 18.-A dispatch re
ceived here from Swatow says; that- on
the demand of the* German Consul" at
Swatow tho district Governor, of ; Hsin!ng
will be _ dismissed on account of his antl-'
Christian attitude and his dilatorlness In
dealing with German claims.'
Two Chinese participants, in the anti-
German riots have been beheaded at Ho
ping.
Two Oklahoma Desperadoes Kill the
is rumored that there were other fatali
ties, though it la Impossible to confirm the
rumor. Further disorders are expected
to-morrow. . :
STJRFRISED ROBBERS
COMMIT A MTTBDEB
Man Who Shoots at Them Dur-
ing Their Operations.
RED ROCK. O. T.. March 18.— Albert
Bateman was 6hot and killed at 8:39
o'clock to-nJght by two desperadoes In the
store of Swartz & Co. The desperadoes
were robbing the store when Bateman,
who is the manager of the Foster Lum
ber Company's yard at this point, hap
pened to stop in and taking in the situa
tion, opened fire on them, wounding one
!n the arm. Both robbers returned tho
fire and Bateman fell, pierced by ' tw»
balls. The robbers secured $350 and made
their escape. Officers from Ponca anl
Perry have started in purueit.
CHILE ON" THE VEBGE
OF A POLITICAL CRISIS
Liberals of Uevr Cabinet Fail to Sat-
to Resign.
isf y the People and Have
VALPARAISO, Chile, March 18.— Chile
is facing a new political crisis. The Lib
eral Cabinet which succeeded the Con
servative Ministry forced out by Congress
recently has failed to satisfy the Liberal
majority in Congress. A resolution was
adopted by the Chamber of Deputies de
claring that the Cabinet Ministers do not
represent the political tendencies of the
majority of the ¦ Chamber. : The; Ministry
then resigned. •
In the House of Lords yesterday the
Premier, Lord Salisbury, replying to In
quiries on the subject of an investigation
into the conduct of the war in _ South
Africa, said the Government had not made
any promise to institute an investigation.
He feared that a full. Just and equitable
inquiry would lead to a renewal of the
Authors* Club in London last evening,
made the curious suggestion that the Boer
prisoners should be sent to Canada' to
work the railways, where _ they would
learn the English language and become
Imbued with English sentiments. .
LOXTMDN". March IS.— Lord R-oberts, In a
letter to a. correspondent, expresses a con
fident hope that Lord Kitchener will soon
be aide to secure peajce in South Africa;
but thus far there Is no sign from Pre
toria or Cape Town that peace Is near.
The latest news is that General Fourie,
Tt-^th 800 rnen, escaped Sunday from the
British columns that were endeavoring to
corner the commando east of Bloemfon
tein. Further big operations will be
Ftarted In the Orange River colony within
a few days.
General Ian Hamilton, addressing the
TKTJTAI* COSSACKS
LASH THE POPTILACE
monstration in St. Petersburg
and Many Axe Arrested.
Crowds cf Students Gather for De-
ST. PETERSBURG. March IS.— The stu
dents organized to-day -what was lntend
rd to be an imposing demonstration in
front of the Cathedral of Our Lady of
ICaxan, the occasion being the anniver
sary of the death of Vetrora, the girl
v.ho committed suicide some years ago in
a. "dur.geoM cf the political prison in the
fortress of St. Peter and St. Paul, In
order to escape persecutions.
Immense crowds assembled on the Nev
eU Prwpoct. the principal street of
the city, end the adjacent thoroughfares.
Thft military In oven greater numbers oc
cupied the district, closing a!I entrances
of houses and shops, patrolled the streets
and time after time cleared the pave
ments, making many arrests, including
teacher: 5 and pupils of the higher erads
rirls* school. Several of these young
vfimen resisted arrest.
The demonstration vras held, but, owing
to the presence of troops. It. was rather a
mild affair, although for a time serious
consequences scrrned likely to follow the
brutality of Hip Cossacks in driving back
tho people with whips.
The f:ght lasted for an hour and the dis
r>rilcrs continued until evening. From 700
to feOO students were driven by the police
and Cossacks into the surrounding yards,
where i!icy were detained for examination
by the Minister cf Justice.
Faces were cut open by the whips of the
CcsrackE. Old women were crushed al
most to death. A child* v.as killed and it
Boer Commanders Continue to Escape From British Columns,
and the British Will Begin Further Big Operations.
Lord Salisbury suggested th« appoint
ment of a preliminary commission to in
quire into, the matter, whereupon the sub
ject was dropped.
Lord Rosebery wished to know when the
Government had washed Its hands of the
inquiry.
sama species of regretable discussion as*
occurred during the exchange of speeches
between Lord Wolseley and Lord:Lans
downe. . Stin. if the -Government was
urged to make an inquiry it could not re
fuse without casting suspicion upon" the
army. .-'•.-'
.V *
The attention of Robert Bacon, of J. P.
Morgan & Co., was called to-day to the
report that the time fcr deposits for
stocks of the steel companies, ¦which
must be made on Wednesday, was likely
to be extended. He said:
"I think that there will be no necessity
-for thaX. - The j great . bulk of the stock
¦will be In by to-morrow, and If some of
the transfers of the stock are delayed, as
reported, by technical Irregularities or by
other unpreventable causes, there will be
no disposition to reject deposits of that
kind."
It Is understood that 80 to' SS per cent
of the stock has already been deposited,
"and It is probable that the amount depos
ited by to-morrow night will be '3D per
cent at least.
To Secure Bridge Company.
It wa3 also reported that part of the
Increased capital of the great United
States Steel Corporation would be used
to take over {he property of the Amer
ican' Bridge Company:*-. This la one : of the
corporations - financed toy J. P. Morgan &
Co. The bridge company has $61,000,000 of
stock outstanding.
PITTSBURG. March. 18.— President C.
M. Schwab of the Carnegie Company was
summoned to New York on business con
nected with the steel corporation and left
last night. He expects to return and at
tend the meeting of (the board of direct
ors of the Carnegie Company in this city
to-morrow. At this meeting. It Is said,
action will be taken on j the grift of Mr.
Carnegie of 55,000,000, the income of which
is to be applied to the relief of men in
jured In the works of the company.
NO SIGN FROM PRETORIA OR CAPE TOWN
THAT PEACE IN NEAR IN SOUTH AFRICA
On Friday at 6 o'clock— that ts. an hour
after the closlns of the official day— a clerk
of the San Francisco Jockey Club ascertained
that' no veto message had been. filed. . and an
nouncements, were made public that the Derby
would be run at Ingleside the f ollowlng day.
Saturday. At 7:3d. <f clock. that*even|ns -I re
ceived a telephonic messag* at my home !n
the, country trota - MrjJ_Fay. the Mayor 1 ¦ ¦ see-
Bouvler went to the City Hall on last Monday
and In a short Interview with the Mayor got
the impression that the Mayor wanted to know
from me if any agreement had been reached
with the Oakland people, and its nature. Ther
bepan, from day to day. a series of appoint
ments made by telephone and countermanded
at the last moment, until last Thursday, when
I was unofficially advised that the Mayor pre
ferred not . to meet me. On the same day I
heard from various sources that the Mayors
Idea was to lrt the ordinance become a law
on the tenth day— that In. on Friday.
- . ¦ ¦ "¦¦' - ¦;¦¦¦-¦:•
AFTER five weeks of strategic war
fare the two big jockey clubs of
California have ended their differ
ences and the greatest racetrack
war that the Pacific Coast has
ever known has come to a sudden, sur
prising and startling finish. No compro
mise, no temporizing measure, marked
the conclusion of this sensational war.
The decisive -battle .results In the ex
termination of one of the belligerents. By
the terms \ of peace the San Francisco
Jockey. Club delivers its racetrack prop
erties at-Ingleside and at Tanforan into
.the'ihandsjof.the California Jockey Club,
joi ! whl^h' JThomas^ H.j Williams,' Jr. is, the
ipresident^..; : ... ¦
,_? Great ? financial- deals have.' been con
"sunimated in ;thls State,, but rarely, -. If
ever before, -has such a business arrange
ment, been made, under similar clrcurh
:stances. From. ; 11 o'clock Sunday even-
Ing until 5'o'clock Monday morning Prince
Ponlatowskf, president of the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club, turned night Into day
: ad he sat and talked . and talked with
\ Mayor, Phelan, Supervisor Joseph S.
Tobln and Secretary., Fay over the race
track situation, tho' Mayor's veto.' and
remedial : measures. . No satisfaction could
be obtained from "the ' Mayor, and the
quasi-social but earnest business party
; broke up. Then Prince Poniatowski joined
Thomas H. "Williams Jr., and In a tete-a
tete plans were perfected that rang down
; the curtain on the San Francisco Jockey
Club and made .the California Jockey
Club the premier and star racing pro
moter in the . West.
Mr. Williams had. an offer to make the
Prince for his Ingleslde and Tanforan
properties. It was none other than the
$600,000 original consideration for these
tracks, which the California Jockey Club
was willing to pay some weeks ago, when
hostilities were .declared. In the early
hours of the morning these two men
fought out the financial battle. "When the
day broke an «Breement / was reached. In
gleslde "and Tanforan practically passed
to the California Jockey. Club. The con
sideration was iGCO.OOO. But there Is a con
dition—that tho San Francisco Jockey
Club shall have uncompetltlve racing at
Tanforan for thirty days from the ' time
of signing. So there will be no more rac
ing at the Emeryville track for a month.
After, that a limited period of racing will
be on the cards, and then cessation until
next winter.
Now that harmony has been restored
arid the racing game is in the control of
one organization one of the principal par
ties concerned declares publicly what
were the transactions In which the Mayor
of San Francisco was involved In regard
to the Inglesldo reopening measure. The
following statement of Prince Poniatow
ski Is a short story In itself, telling its
own well-rounded tale. The Prince spares
neither venom nor sarcasm in his speech.'
Here is his statement:
To the members of the San Francisco Jockey
Club— Gentlemen: I feel ; It my duty to brine
to your knowledge without delay •> transac
tion to which I have considered It expedient
to become a. party/without having given suf
ficient time to consult as many members of
this club as I would have liked to.
' Without reviewing the history of this asso
ciation. It Is : essential that. In a few lines.
I outline to you the exact •", condition with
which I wa» confronted on Friday last.
' The Ean Francisco Jockey Club, formed In
September last, \ after ' having obtained full
control 'of the V Ingleside and - Tanf oran race
tracks, saw its membership. In the course of
t tares • months*. ; reach 177. all leading men of
this city. Joined tonether with the sole idea
of bringing harmony and stability between the
racing factions ' in the" vicinity of San Fran
cisco. The attempt to accomplish this 'result,
rowever.dld not meet with favor. -and I need
r Dt i recall .."- the ' many circumstance* which
brought about the present crisis." . .)
' A sens* of Justice . and ; also ,the universal
conviction' that : the i people ; at : the head of our
association were ( actuated \ by earnest , and lib
eral 5 motives : caused , help and \ sympathy to ; be
received , from all . sides ; i the Board ; of ; Super-,
visors,, which had -closed . inKleslde,
toi: reopen'- it. - and ¦'. during; the - deliberations." 1
which lasted several weeks, the Mayor himself
took a "most decided attitude In favor, of our
efforts. - '
. /When the ordinance reopening Ingleslde. with
limitation-, of .^thirty-six "days, passed -second
reading it was the lmprefslon'ot every one in
this I town ;¦ that '[ the .whole' flrrht. L which most
of t the i people ' currently; termed "the - Mayor ' s
light, V * was all > over/ ¦; No ' notice r of ¦ his > having
signed - the ; ordinance ' having . come to us, ' Mr.
WHAT THE PRINCE THINKS OF HIS HONOR, THE MAYOR.
"The poor little fellow was a pitiful sight at this stage, complaining of the, difficulties of the
case, which he admitted to be the worst he had ever had to contend with. I thought for a while that
in his distress he would find diffident co,urage to adopt my suggestion of ¦ seventy-two days' limita
tion on racing between San Mateo and San Francisco counties. At 2 a. m. } however, I had to leave
him in a comatose condition, unable to say yes or no, and half an hour later I had threshed out with
Mr. Williams, representing the California Jockey Clubj an agreement putting a stop to the present
race war, the continuance of which was distasteful to the public and harmful to racing itself. This
agreement gives to these gentlemen the opportunity, within thirty days,' of bringing about a combi
nation by zvhich a corporation would control the three racetracks around this city. It is to be hoped
that if Mr: Williams succeeds in his attempt the magnitude of the corporation he. will have to form
will bring together gentlemen having sufficiently at heart the interests ofxtJie town to keep racing
around SanJFrancisco within a reasonable limitation of time. However j: it will be. in their hands to
run it every day and every night, and Sundays, if they choose to do so,- and I doubt if any of these
gentlemen will, sacrifice six hours of sleep to listen to such talks as : I had to stand . from the head
executive of this city. I yet feel ashamed of the tone I gradually had to assume in my last talk with
the Mayor, although he took it very meekly, as if his inner conscience coincided with the frankness
of my statements. During those- two midnight sessions he did not appear to grasp for an instant
the essence of the questions involved, which at the present time I am satisfied he docs not yet under
stand. Every one of .my suggestions was weighed by him at the present discount value of their fu
ture political advantage to himself. As to the justice of the case, the moral side of it or the substan
tial interest of the city, these zverc sidelights once or twice alluded to." — Excerpt from a state
ment of Prince Poniatowski to the public.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. . 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. ; '. . '. < ." '.i-,-':
TIENTSIN, March IS.— The tension here
is increasing and- a conflict, may. be ex
pected at any moment. Troops of all na
tions are under arms. The situation at
the railway statron : remains the same, al
though the temper of the hostile troops is,
if possible, more disquieting than before.
French troops are taking part in the trou
ble despite the efforts of their officers to
maintain a neutral attitude. Many groups
of French ran through the British settle
ment yesterday shouting. "Down with the
Englishmen!" and a number of fights took
place, several ending "in, bloodshed, as the
French always carry'slde arms. . . ,
' Finally three French soldiers attacked
Captain Bofler of ,the British army and
pulled him OUt Of his rickshaw. The cap
tain defended himself with his fists and
had knocked down one of his assailants,
when a number of Sikhs came to his res
cue.
'General CamDbell then- turned- out all
his troops, drove the. French out and set
pickets around the settlement with orders
to admit no French soldiers into the con
cession. .;
Field -Marshal Count von Walderoee,
who had cdne to Klaochau on a holiday,
has ; been a telegraphed ivf or and ; Is
expected, . but tli«re',is ilttle reason .to j ex
pect that he can compromise the difficulty.
Russian General Wogack has 'declined to
compromise, as* suggested by'Von Walder
see. ' . ' .¦".",' ¦ " . . : " ¦ ' . ' • '. ¦
GREAT BKITADT AND RUSSIA.
Relations Between Them May Be
Strained to Breaking Point. -
LONDON. 1 March 19.— The officials of the
British ' Foreign , Office have not yet re
ceived official confirmation of Russia's al
leged backdown \n regard * to Manchuria,
Turkestan. and Mongolia, and Inquiries on
the subject ara now being made at St.
Petersburg and Peking. The British.For
eign Office is not relaxing Its efforts to
secure a more satisfactory statement of
the Intentions of Russia, but the officials
deprecate the British press agitation on
the subject. On , all sides it is v offlcially
and otherwise said that Great Britain has
not the slightest' contemplation of resort-
Ing to. hostilities against Russia whatever
may be the outcome of the present nego
tiations.
Not Ready to Fight Russia.
•While hostilities are out of the question,
however. It Is not unlikely that diplomatic
relations between Great Britain and Rus
sia will become strained almost to the
breaking point. Possibly] British warships
may be dispatched to bring pressure to
bear upon Russia, but war will not result
unless some fracas quite unauthorized by
London j and ' St- jj Petersburg occurs be
tween the opposing' forces at Tientsin.
This assertion; is based upon extensive
Inquiries made In London. A prominent
British official, often the. mouthpiece of
the Government, whose position makes it
undesirable that ' he" should be named in
this connection, said this evening:
"It is useless for. our newspapers to use
provocative language.' They forget ' that
we -have a great j army in South Africa
and that we have no other, army, or the
makings of one, elsewhere. ¦ It is'impossi
ble to go to "war with Russia."
A ' semi-official - statement -was Issued
this evening s the" effect that the . much
talked of assurances of the Russian For
eign Minister. Count von Lamsdorff, to Sir
Charles Stewart Scott, British Embassa
dor at St. Petersburg, were made Febru
ary, 6 - and : evidently referred .to !; the
Russo-Chinese agreement concluded ;. at
Port Arthur last November, and not to
the'Manchurian convention.' "'
Pointed Questions Parried.
Replying to Sir Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett
(Conservative), Mr. Balfour, the Govern
ment 1 leader, . said •; in ; the 'House of Com
mons to-day that the Government did not
possess any information indicating » any
decline In . British" influence in the Yang
tse provinces. 1 As to •. the Russian claim
for ' thelwaters : of , Blonde and . Elliott isl
ands, the 'British Government ,had * cer
tainly not accepted'thls claim. The Gov
ernment had received no communication
oh 'the subject" from " The.Russlan
admiral had remonstrated .against the
presence in the waters of Elliott Island of
H. M.^S. ; Plover, '...which "was : engaged in
pursuing pirates. •' But British ship's hada
perfect -right under the treaty of Tientsin
to ''go' there/': ,'•. ¦ - _ : »'
; Questions regarding the dlsputeat. Tien
tsin were parried by. the .Under Secretary
for Foreign ' Affairs/.- Lord Cranborne, - in
refusing to answer, them without notice, '.;
7 William" "Redmond raised Nationalist
cheers by.: asking why Great Britain; had
\ hoisted :• the white flag : and backed ; down
1 after 'threatening to use force of arms.
Count Von Waldersee Interferes, but
Russian General Declines to
* C.mpromiss.
BY STEPHEN BONSAL.
Prencli Increase Friction, by
Attacking ja Britlsn
Captain.
ALL NATIONS
HAVE TROOPS
UNDER ARMS
Conflict at Tientsin
Expected at Any
Moment.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1901.
CENTS.
VOLUME L.XXXIX— NO. 109.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From First Page.
Laboratory of the National Carbon
Works In Cleveland Blows Up. |
CLEVELAND, March 13.— A terrific ex
plosion of chemicals in the laboratory of
the National Carbon Works early to-day
partially .wrecked the large brick build
ing. Fire broke out immediately after the
explosion but was soon extinguished. Two
men wer% caught under the debris. Both
were rescued without serious injury. The
loss is $70,000, partially covered by insur
ance.
Town Threatened by Fire.
JOLIET. 111., March 18.— The town of
Minnoka was threatened, by fire this
morning and the Jollet Fire Department
went out on a special train in response
to an appeal. for help. The fire was sub
dUod, however, after the Shapley Hou«o
had been destroyed, causing, a loss of
$5000.
ST. -LOUIS. March 18.— The little town
of Bismarck, Mo..' situated seventy-five
miles from St. Louis on the Iron Moun
tain Railroad, was almost wiped out of
existence by fire. to-day. Leading busi
ness houses and many residences were
burned. The loss is estimated at $100,000,
with $15,000 Insurance.
The fire started In a barber shop and
*pread rapidly In all directions. The In
habitants of the place were without
means of fighting the flames, 'and were
compelled to stand by helplessly and wit
ness the destruction of their property.
WRECKED BY EXPLOSION.
TOWN RUINED BY A^ FIRE.
Bismarck, in : Missouri , Is Nearly
, : ,,. v Wiped Out of Existence. .:T •
Few Houses Are Left and Loss is One
Hundred Thousand Dollars. .
SEYMOUR. Ind., March 13 —The entire
village of Memphis, a place of BOO resi
dents, and located thirty-five miles soush
of here, was destroyed by lire to-day,
nnd many of tho people are without shel
ter or food. - The property loss is over
$100,000. The fire started from a spark
from . Haus* stave factory, and In less
than an hour the entire town was in
flames. Many cattle and several horses
wero burned. Seventy-five dwellings
were burned, and only ten are left stand
ing. Several hundred persons are shel
tered to-night in farmhouses and barns,
but scores were compelled to remain up
all night for lack of shelter. Women
and children suffered, and few secured"
anything to eat. It is not probable that
the place will be rebuilt, since most of the
people wero laborers, carried no insur
ance-on their dwellings and are unable
to rebuild.
south side this ; afternoon burned the Ice
storage plant of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Company, the repair shop of the
American Car and Foundry Company, to
gether; with a number of boxcars:, the
factory, of Stule & Co.. pickle manufactur
ers; flve rooming-houses and a number of
email sheds. The total damage is 1100.000,
the greater part of which Is covered/ by
Insurance. Two men. employes of the
American Car and Foundry Company,
were Injured, - but not seriously. The
burned district embraced two square
blocks, bounded by Zepp, Utah, First and
Kosclusko streets.
The fire broke out at 12:25 o'clock In ont
of the Anheuser-Busch Icehouses, all of
which are connected. A spark from a
passing s witch engine ; is credited with
having Ignited straw in the loft. While
the fire was In progress a stiff southeast
wind blew across tho river, from the Illi
nois side, fanning th«s flames and making
the work of the firemen exceedingly diffi
cult Piles of, lumber adjacent to the
storage-house quickly , ignited, causing a
neat. which was intense.
For miles the rlvrr levee is fronted with
lumber yards, factories and warehouses,
while on the railroad tracks, with their
numerous switches, were scores of box
cars, many of them loaded with lumber
and other material which would. mak»
rich food for the flames. The high wind
lifted burning embers and carried them
for blocks to the northwest, terrorizing;
residents. Several times the department i
was compelled- to divide its force in an
swer to reports of fires elsewhere. No
buildings in the immediate path of the
names suffered damage, however, al
though cautious residents and business
men as far away a<j six blocks from the
ecene removed goods and furnishings
from dwellings and stores in a fear that
the fire would develop Into a widespread
conflagration.
Following Js a Ii3t of the losses: An
heuser-Busch • ice storage plant, $37,000;
American Car and Foundry Company's
car sheds, $10,000; fifty old boxcars belong
ing to the Anheuser-BuSjh and William
J. Lemp Brewing companies. $25,000; Stule
& Co.'s plant, $5000, live rooming-houses,
$15,000.
INDIANA TOWN DESTROYED.
Many Buildings Destroyed
by a Fierc9 Blaze in
?St^liouis.
Two : < Blocks Axe In Ashes and the
. •— ' Damage Is Estimated at One
Hundred Thousand
Dollars.'
ST. LOUIS, March 18.-A fire on the
FLAMES SWEEP
SHOPS AND CARS
...... . ¦ -..,. , . _ 9
Mrs, A. A. BloW, Recently Appointed a
Lady of Grace of Order of St. John
and Jerusalem, a Social Favorite
DENVER WOMAN IS
HONORED BY EDWARD
ROYALTY TO OBSERVE
CHRISTIAN'S BIRTHDAY
Queen Wilhelmina of Holland and Her
Husband Among Those Who AVill
Journey to Denmark to Honor King
i THE SAN FKAyGISCO CALIi- TUESDAY, MARCH 19; 1901,
"In all this controversy there has never
been a touch of personal animosity to rule
my actions. I have known Prfnce Ponla
towski only for a short time. As far as
W. H. Crocker is concerned we have been
life-long friends and nothing has ever oc
curred to disturb our pleasant social re
lations."
. The Oakland racetiack according to the
agreement closed last night and will re
main closed for thirty calendar days.
There was no comment made when the
message of the Mayor containing the. veto
of the ordinance designed to legalize track
gambling for a period of thlrty-slx days
In any one year was read by the clerk at
the meeting of the- Board of, -Supervisors
yesterday. At the conclusion of the read
ing Mayor Phelan said:
"The communication will take the usual
course." ' ¦
- This means that the veto will be printed
in the official paper for five days and It
will then come before the board at next
Monday's meeting for consideration. It
will require fourteen votes to override the
Mayor's veto. r ¦ . t -.^» :-¦
"I firmly believe that racing should be
restricted as to the number of days. I
can promise t^iat next winter there will b-j
a shorter season than was scheduled for
the winter and spring of 1900-1901. The
time set apart for local fairs will receive
our attention and no Interference with
their operation in point of time will be
a part of our programme.
any. one who shall hereafter be disciplined
for cause be reinstated/ .¦ . ¦ • ¦ "
"The most vigilant eye shall he kept
upon all connected with racing under tho
auspices of this club and any sinister,
crooked actions shall be summarily
treated.
result. The poor little fellow was a pitiful
eight at this stage, complaining of thn diffi
culties of the case, which I he admltti-d to
be the worst he had ever had to contend with.
I thought for awhile that. In his distress, he
would find sufficient courage to adopt my sug
gestion of seventy-two days' limitation on rac
ing between San Mateo - and • Saa Francisco
counties. At 2 o'clock a., m., .however, I had
to leave him In a comatose condition, unable
to say yes or no, and half an hour later I
had threshed out with Mr. Williams, rcpre
eentlng the California Jockey Club, an agree
ment putting a stop to the present race war,
the continuance of which was distasteful ¦ to
the public and harmful to racing itself. * This
agreement gives to these gentlemen the op
portunity, within thirty days, .of bringing
about a combination by which a corporation
would control the three racetracks around this
city..- It is to be hoped that it Mr. Williams
succeeds in his attempt." the magnitude of; tho
corporation he will have to ' form will bring
together gentlemen having sufficiently at heart
the interests of this town to . keep racing
around San Francisco within a reasonable lim
itation' of -time.' I However, It .will I be . in their
hands to run It every day and everynight
and 8undays If. they, choose to do so, and i
dcubt if any of these gentlemen will sacrifice
six hours of sleep to listen to 'such talks as
I had to stand from the head, executive' of
this city. : I yet feel ashamed , at the tone I
gradually had ' to -- assume '¦ In my last talk
with ' the Mayor, although' he took J "It very
meekly, as If ; his inner conscience coincided
with the frankness of my statements. During
those two midnight sessions ¦ he did not appear
to : ffrasp for an instant ' the essence of the
?ueetions Involved, which, at the present time
• am '."satisfied •, he does not yet . understand'
Kv^ry one , of my suggestions wa« weighed by
him at r the ¦ present discount ~- value of their
future political advantage to himself. As to
the - Justice of the case. >, the moral side of it
or thn substantial" Interest of the- city," these
were sidelights once or twice alluded to >-
I, sincerely, truetithat Mr. Williams will be
in ; a position to control the corporation • he
expects : to form in such a ? manner as not ¦' to
put upon this city the strain, of constant rac
ing.';: If, ¦ however,^ he elects, to do differently
It mum be - well . understood that the. Mayor
of this city Is, the "unfortunate diplomat" who
forced matters" to this issue. The responsibil
ity'.which Mr. Tobin so frankly claimed for
Ms thlrty-slx days' limitation ordinance of
Inclealde.- would have been ¦ . slight ¦ compared
with that now assumed by Mr. Phelan. -
;'.It Is with Infinite regret that I see the high
purposeit r; which . brought us •: together = in this
trterprlse; now laid aside under the circum
stances above recited. This will.: however, not
become an accomplished: fact 'until- thirty days
from now. if. as I trust, '. Mr. .Williams finds
himself In a. posltlon ; .to ' close ¦. the^ proposed
transaction. .Even : in ; such : case, it; misrht be
depmod . advisable to maintain ; the existence
and membership of : the : San : Francisco Jockey
If .You Have ; Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Raclne,Wi« ,
box lS7,for six bottles cf Dr. Shoop'B : Rheumatic
Cure.exi.pa!d. If cured pay$S.50. If not.it Is free*
General von Werder Said to Have
Failed in His Effort' to
Explain Matters.
ENVOY OF T?E KAISER
HAS A COOL RECEPTION
Soldier Saved From Hanging.
WASHINGTON. * March 18.-Private
In spite cf this prohibition, when the
rocms were opened this mornlngr the pro
fefxors discovered the students had
paired entrance and nailed crosses to the
walls. The officials commenced to re
meve the religious emblems, but were
l'uttled and insulted by ¦ the students.
Pnme of the latter, however, cupported
the cr*icla,ls. and violent scenes ensued.
Th* lectures were suspended. Themat
ler will be discussed In Parliament.
Pl'DAPEST, _ March IS.— Serious _ dis
turbances have occurred here befvreen the"
university officials and the students in
of orders issued by the Min
ister of Instruction, for the ' removal of
nil crosseK from the lecture rooms of the
unSverFity.
Difficulty in B*moving Religious
Emblems Trom Classrooms.
STUDENTS IN BATTLE,
WITH THEIE TUTOBS
University Officers at Budapest Find
aSTi 1^' *J arch 5 - The followln e i9
a. translation of a letter addressed by the
Pe K. P \f i of T^ tulIa t0 President ¦ McKlnley
To CI hS °Fv£i, ereSt tO v, the United St'atg:
UnltP^i l»»?c H ? nc J' ( the p "*l<3ent of the
Tainted States of America— Tour Excellency-
Our gwjd and estMm*d father. Kreetins*
The people of Tutuila wlrh to exnrfsB thMr
thanks for "your re-election to the mo.T honor
able noaltion of President of th. United Statei
of America. It seems now that with that eU-c
tlon our great anxiety of the past li « t «n »£S'
ernm!iV lnifl X 0Ur «>«««?? to "our oSv
ernment. and we are now jcreatly rejoiced with.
t nited States. Our hope in the United States
Is now strengthened. We feel that «« vJ,,, if .
S"!S e tSrl M " k ' ndly "°
We are deeply grateful for all that has b*#n
rave t o °« "Til ° f y0Ur to u, yoS
enve to us a leader, a Governor, a hlirh chief
whom we have learned to love and resect He
(Commander B. F. TIIley» nai framed a *ov!
emment suitable for us. Our great fear at niit
was that we would be cost aside in our eov
ernment. our customs which we honor woulri
be changed and Interfered with. We feared ?h«
rules of the Boldler (military rule) Dut Vow
our doubts are finished. We are sat I, flirt kT
cause the rood Governor >ou%ent to us
been faithful and kind to us and Li kept h"
promises. He has made good la-vs with wisdom
and according to our opinion. . wisaom
In days gone by euch laws an we had w«r«
S . C^ 1 r ately H br J >ken ' but "0* the wrongSS?
rears the law; he knows he will be punished in
the court* established, by the Governor and
over which he has placed .wire, impartial
Judges who judge uprightly. W«M
nwfrtyandin friendship with each othe?
Under Commander B. F. Tilley we are learning
we are Improving and. we hope to become wot"
thy or our connectlorr-wlth the United U^aies
But our anxiety now Is lent be be removed from
us. according to the customs of the wwanJSS
of great nations. Our prayer Is. if it shall bi
pleasing to you and to Commander B F? Tiller
that he remain with us always, or until all hi
h »» Jn*u*urmted has matured and the good
work he has commenced has taken deeo W
in the country and has become unchangeab^ •
v.vV'n?,"! 1 cver *« thankful. •.'
May our God In His graclousness bestow life
dren ha^ I A n T"n\ Up ?. n you - We flre y°urAn?r chli!
' Tnm 1^'" 10 ' 0 '™ 11 " 11 * East.
TLJTELE. Governor of Falellma West.
Inhabitants of Tutuila Ad
dress a letter to the
, "Good Father."
SAMOANS LAUD
THE PRESIDENT
INDIAN APOLIS. Marcn 18.— An ele
phant escaped from the Zoo In West
Market street to-day, bolted across the
street and went through the large plate
glasrs window of a barber shop.
.The surprised barbers and their patrons
huirled out the door, while the elephant
upset things and then turned and came
out the window. It started down Market
Ftreet to Illinois, and had just turned the
corner when It was surrounded by a num
ber, of the Zoo employes and recaptured.
Senators bv Popular Vote.
AUSTIN. Tex.. March 18.— The House of
the Texas Legislature to-day adopted a
concurrent resolution memorializing Con
gress to pass upon a constitutional amend
ment requiring the election of United
States Senators by popular vote of the
people.
Giant Animal in the Zoo at Indian^
, apolis Escapes and Causes Con
sternation Among Sarbers.
John I. Schmidt. Company A. Thlrty
pixth Volunteer Infantry, was convicted
by courtmartlal at Lingayan. P. I., of
murder, and sentenced to death by hang-
Ing. The President has commuted the
sentence to dishonorable discharge and
confinement at hard labor for life. The
penitentiary at Fort Leavenworth, Kans.,
has been designated as the place of con
finement.
BUNA WAY ELEPHANT. . .
RACES THROUGH GLASS
OPENHAGEN. March 18.-Dow
,7 ager Empress Alexander of Rus-
Wsla will arrive here to-morrow
and will remain until after tho
celebration of the eighty-third
anniversary of the birth of her father.
King Christian IX. The King and Queen
of England were expected to be present
at the celebration, but have postponed
their visit until later In the year.
King Christian will go to Wiesbaden In
April. Queen Wilhelmlna of The Nether
lands and her consort are expected here
A resolution has been introduced In the
House to prohibit the Board of Health
from adopting laws without reference to
the Legislature. This Is an expression of
disapproval of the making of a really
largr and sweeping body of laws by the
board durinp and after visitations of
pestilence. The board had a legitimate
pretert for some action of this kind In
the, statuses creating It and defining its
powers. Whether It Is to be completely
*horn of such power 6r not. one thln^ is
certain: In the event of plague or cholera
apnin enterlnp. Honolulu will protect it
pelf by tanStary measures. Board of
Health or no puch directing body. The
law .will be looked up afterward.
¦V\~hlle the Hawaiian Tramway Com
ranv. an English corporation, has a bill
pending in the Legislature to give it a
iipw franchise for fifty years with all
pnrts of privileges and few countervailing
public concessions, the Government has
taken action to cancel the old franchise
•under which the company is working.
Grave anxiety is felt for the bark
Olympic, which is now thirty-four days
r.t>t from San Francisco with a. very val'u
nhle cargo. On? theory Is that Captain
Olbbs Is makirp a cautious voyage on
account cf storms and will turn un all
rlpht.
The Hawaiian Automobile Company has
lvgnn operation* and the ¦whirr and clang:
<^f electric hacks are heard -ell over town.
On car?- grades they are all right, but
iher» have been several easels of stalling
fin the hillsides ana In muddy places.
No appointments hare been made to such
offlee* during a «e**Jcn of the Senat*. but sev
eral of »uch »ppolntm-nt» were made previous
to the date when the crcanlc act went Into
effect. The majority of Buch offices were filled
after the organic act went into effect and
r. >:.n the Senate was not In •esslon. which ap
pointments will be submitted In due time to
the Senate lor its actlcn. Very respectfully,
EA.XFORD B. DOLE.
The communication was accepted and
placed on file. -.: .;\ v . .'-
This morning- Representative Kelki In
troduced a bill providing a pension of
512.000 a year to Queen Lllluokalanl for the
trrra of her life, which passed first read
ing and went on Its usual course. It will
¦undoubtedly pass. The amount is the
fane as her Majesty's regular salary
o mounted to when she was on the throne.
A certified copy cf a resolution cf the Sen
«le, dated March 7. h»» been received request
ing: inc to nominate and appoint persons to fill
nil Crfnces which I am authorized to appoint
by and with the *dvie« and consent of the
Fenate, at the earliest possible date.
To the Senate's almost peremptory de
mand upon the Governor to produce his
list of appointments, he on Saturday sent
the following chill reply;
The first bill to pass both chambers Is
that providing J<5,000 for expenses of the
J^pislature. The Republican minority
fought for a smaller amount In both
Twuses and lectured the majority roundly
en economy. The bill now awaits the
Governor's Blgnature. If it prove to be
th« only one for the same purpose this
t^eesion, the record of Hawaiian Legisla
tures for being good to themselves will be
in'Ofcen.
Special Correspondence cf The Call.
HONOLULU. March 12.— Yesterday the
first Important bill of the Independent
party programme was Introduced In the
House. It is that providing for a system
cf county governments throughout the
Territory-
JLaxr-Makers of the Territory An
Kept Busy "With. Measures Pro
posed for the Island
Government.
Legislature of Hawaii Will
Grant Former Monarch
a Pension.
LILIUOKALANI'S
CLAIM FAVORED
KING CHRISTIAN IX OF DENMARK, "THE GRANDFATHER OF EU
ROPE," WHOSE EIGHTY-THIRD BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY PROM
ISES T© CAUSE A GREAT GATHERING OF ROYALTY.
sisters, is one of the founders and moving
spirits of the Y. W. C. A. movement in
Denver and one of the largest contributors
to that new building'. Mrs. J. C. Mitchell,
another sister, is a popular society leader
of .Denver.
MRS. A. A. BLOW OF DENVER,
HONORED BY KING EDWARD
VII.
shortly.
Although the tax reform bill, which oc
casioned such political bitterness as al
most to wreck the Ministry, has been re
ferred to a conference committee of the
Kfgnlag.lt Is not likely the measure will
roach a final yote at the present spssion.
J. , c ?. blnet ha » abandoned the idea of
dissolution, as the term of the Rlpsdasr
SPi 7* TmV" £ pr U and new elections
will be held for the Folkethlng. or lower
reform bni. Both parties . are making
strong efforts to secure the Agrarian
vote.
— — ENVER, March 18.— Mrs. A. A.
Blow, who was recently honored
by King Edward VII by being
• appointed a lady of grace ~bf tho
Order of St. John and Jerusalem.
Is the daughter of Colonel and Mrs. R. E.
Goodell, old residents. In Denver. Thei 1 *
family has been a distinguished . one in
society. Jennie Goodell .married A.. A.
Blow, a relative of William Byrd Page, a
wealthy and Influential mining man. J.I
the early part of the Boer war Mrs. Biow
gave the, English people an exhibition of
American enterprise when the schema
was proposed' to create the hospital Bhip
Maine. She. worked with unremitting
energy to consummate the scheme and In
six weeks, almost solely through her own
efforts, $210,000 was raised for the hospital
ship. -
Her wonderful tact and ability In the
matter; brought her Immediately * to trn
front In English and European society and
a short time afterward she was granted
a private interview with Queen Victor^.
Mrs. Blow returned to England from Au *-
tralia recently. Her two boys are spend
ing the winter -in Denver with Mrs. J, B.
Grant. They are both attending the Cor
ona School.
Mrs. J. D. Whitmore, one of Mrs. Blow's
sisters. Is president of the Woman's Club
and one of the most prominent women In
Denver philanthropic and reform, circles.
Mrs. J. B. Grant.. another, of Mrs. Blow'?
Club for the moral Influence which It will be
crabled to exert upon* racing upon this coatt
generally. This recommendation, however, will
h<» submitted to you In the coming thirty days,
together with a more fully detailed report.
Respectfully submitted,
PRINCE A. PONIATOWSKI.
President San Trancisco Jockey Club.
Thomas H. Williams Jr.. when seen last
night, gave utterance to the following:
"Several weeks ago I made a' proposi
tion to the San Francisco JocKey Club for
the purchase of their Tanforan and Ingle
slde properties, the consideration being
JGOO.OOO. The offer was made regardless of
a time limitation upon racing or a con
tingent opening or closing of the tracks.
This offer was not accepted at that time.
At a late hour yesterday morning nego
tiations were continued and an agreement
reached. By this contract I pledged In
the name of tho California Jockey Club
the payment of $600,000 for both Inglesido
and Tanforan. These are the original
terms offered. The deal Is consummated
and as soon as the necessary le"gal pa
pers are drawn ud the transfer will be
roti "The San Francisco Jockey Club has re
instated a number of owners, jockeys and
trainers who have heretofore been under
the ban. While there is nothinrr in the
contracts binding upon the California
Jockey Club to recognize these reinstate
ments, I have In a public interview stated
that, no matter whether the California
Jockey Club purchased the interests of
the San Francisco Jockey Club or vice
versa all owners, trainers and jockeys
should be treated fairly and without
prejudice. In view of the situation, I, as
president of the California Jockey Club,
will recommend to the board of stewards
and directors of the California Jockey
Club that, under the present existing cir
cumstances, all persons who have been
suspended or ruled off the turf by the
California Jockey Club should be placed
in good standing, the urgent request
that the friends or officers of the Califor
nia Jockey Club, or lovers of the racing
sport, should not In the future ask that
INSLESIDE AND
TANFOEAN BOUGHT
BERLIN, March cir
cles relate that General von Werder who
Kt"p?Er2h,f OI \. a speclal missiorf to
St. Petersburg, this timo met with a cool
reception at the Russian capital and that
the private mission . with : which Emperor
William entrusted him. and which was In
tended to explain away -all misunder
can n y d f n a1. S ed hat Ve S " n late "' l
H Is understood that Count Lamsdorff
Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs keen
y questioned General von Warder^rejra?d c
Ins the German agitation in favor of the
SoVtaces 0 . 11 A , UStrla ' S , Ge ™an- s r p e°a f kIn|
JEMBASSADORS VISIT
BRITAIN'S NEW BULEB
Representatives of the Nations Pre
sent Their Credentials to King Ed
ward at Marlborough House.
LONDON, March 18,-United States Em
bassador Choate and the other Embassy
dors and Ministers to Great Britain ore
eented: their credentials to Klnir Kd«Sfi£
at Marlborough^House at: noon to- d av
Each member of the diplomatic corps Tari
rived In a^ royal carriage, drawn by two
horses. and was attended by three rova
servants, attired In lone scarlet cloak*
All the diplomats wore levee dresa, wUh
ordere and decorations, with the exce«i
tion, of course.- of Embassador Choate
who wore evenlns dress. ¦ '¦
.The Foreign Secretary, Lord Laris
downe, introduced : the visitors to the
Rlns, who was attired in a field marshal's
uniform. .,-.¦¦¦ i •¦¦;"••
2
Missouri is the center of a district that
produces more egg3 than any other part
of the earth. .
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. 23c •
The most concentrated form of nourishment for
the strong, weak, healthy, sick, old and young
Discovered by the eminent Chemist. DR. SIEBOLD
Endorsed by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW, '
cf Germany
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known
to medical science.
PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is
albumen in its purest and most natural form..
PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food,
easily digested and immediately assimilated by- the
most delicate system.
PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the
stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and
permanent recovery.
PLASMON is perfectly soluble and maybe mixed with any
other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every
dish palatable.
PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food;
added to other foods it greatly enriches their nour-
ishment.
PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
eggs. It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment
known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef.
PLASMON is recommended by the world's greatest physi-
cians for invalids and convalescents.
PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment/
For Hale at Leading druggists and Grocers
AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
Information cheerfully given at offices of Syndicate ,
204 Crocker/Building, San Francisco
. ADVERTISEMENT^
Not Moving!
Not Having a Removal Sale!*
op carpetFepartment
Which has been for many years a part of
the California Furniture Company,
Will Remain
At the Old Stand.
We can sell at the
Lowest Possible Prices.
Because we are the LARGEST DEAL.
ERS in Bigelow Axminsters (all otrr
own private designs), and in all jrrade*
of Carpets, Rugs, Mattings. Lino-
leums, etc.
Before purchasing call and inspect our
immense stock. Estimates furnished.
ACKERMAN & KOHN,
Exdusire Carpeters.
Starr-King Building, 133 Geary Street.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
THE EVIDENCE submitted dearly
proves that the medical profession as
well as all who have used Vin Mariani
pronounce it unequaled, absolutely re-
liable and safe.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitute*.
OIL
Success camps with Success. I can
put you next to the money-makers of
Sunset District.
JAS. R. T. MERSBON,
537, 538, 539, 550 Parrott Building-,
SAN FRANCISCO. CA1*
\femhr of San Francisco Oil Exchaa*«.
Ticker*, from both Oil Exchange* la my oCSo*.
$J&§0 Cured Whila
Qgso^L You Sleep
*zM&?i& In Fifteen Day9
"Gr»n-9olTen»"dl»80lTe»Str!ctnrelt4e snow t>»-
¦esta tbfl mo, reduces Enlarged Prostate an«
¦trenctbens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Urala* aatf
emission* In Fifteen Days- _ , , , ,
No drugs to rain the stomach, bat » direct toeal
aad posture application to tbe entire nreihrai inwrv
Gran-solTent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
Use form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexl&l*
, tad to narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
'-',' Every Man Should. Know Himself.
¦- n« St. James Aim., lioi SU. Cincinnati. O-. ha*
¦npared at irreat expense an ejbaasv- ff D T T I
We UlnstMte.1 Treatise upon t he male LULL
STMetr., which tMf wiU wad to any rnf ri
Bute applicant. ¦• »*•*•¦
ST. JAMES ASSM., 2ao c^,.'5i:o., te .
OH. MEYERS &C0. rfgpP&
Specialists, Dis- §&& V
ease and "Weakness g£m£ .--ntra jct
of men. Estab- Jv»
lished 18S1. Consul- &ffl f3&l&f
tatlon and private VSk X<-Jtl
book free, at office |3Mj- jKSi.
or by mail. Cures 1^ftr*W«»¥P?S5*
guaranteed. 7.T1 NjTO SPUm
Market street (ele- Jl CTl^ay
v a t o r entrance), >«V / 'SJB^Bv
Ban Francisco.
visit OR- JORDAN'S oiuAT
MUSEUH OF aNATOHY
g^ 155UU3aiSX.Ui.fcM».0.i\W.
. C^y Tm Lsvjicst AsEtoflucftt Mawdii hi tb •
- i 'lilii- Woatd. W«taim •* ih contractxl >
1&J&1 0R.rf0RWW-?Rime 0I3EASZ3
f (VCS^S _<-oo«lt«lon «y-» tnd rtrictfr pt1t»».
I idK&ii T " «n>oiit p«nonatl y « tot l«tter. A
fl If Q i <»"»< C«r»mr.cnre«»»oaeruJien.
t b I] (A w ritefo»Bock.PHII.09 0r»V»f
• H t >ABIU()I, MAtLXD 93LMX I A
A A (I' *«lutbis book te am)
f DkJOK »A» A C* . 1031 iCarkat StJS. ».
ft *B»^-*»
DR. HALL'S REINYieORATOipnng
Five hundred reward for. any W^l^VWi
case we cannot cure. This secret Kid mKbB
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, P •- «!
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- BSS R!fl
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, fjftt Wfrn
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all tf'IJ \}'£1
wa?Unsr efT?cts of celf abuse or EfJ tcS
e\cee»es. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 F^Prift ' ir^
bottles. 13: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL IN3TITVTE. 85*
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send. for free book.
$10^RUPTURE CURED
Mi&sgSS&Z&S**' 'or TEM DOLLARS.
Thou «\nd» hare I»en .-ure-l
• *-rji/* : rf * r^f ' ' r *£? i r? at their own bon:e» for trm
\^^^j)|ais^^^^/ rentionof tie Ace. !»ecnr-
Jai^i^^i^ Ity an«l romfort to Ihe r.»B-
*£»i?T~ir. tnrnl. N o wort hies* «atTrt
«^ S3;3^*2rfJ>!_S^i- 1S3 * orlotiOTi»tf>rut>o:u ltdiv*
» Vi> ¦ ¦¦¦i fcJ^» the work. Inreftiiraie!
"B«ok!#iS». 1" Ktrintf fnll biforinatlon ma'.led. Hn«n«di-
stelvonreretptJe. stamp and tlusitdvt. fallorarUIr^*
« AMIT1C TRUSS CO. •-» »«ui sir »«, SAN rBABSlSCO,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
19 A GREAT RESTORATXVE. IX VIGOR A-
tor ncd Nervine. a .
The "most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of. the Kid-
neys and HIadder. Sells on its own merits.
. NABEU. AI.FS A BRUXE. Anenla.
823 Market at.. 8. K.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPE0IF1C MIXTURE \
For the cure of OONORRHEA v OLEETS.
i Price fl a bottle. Fot sale by drusslsta.
Ill We have always spoken of our $1.95 hats with considerable interest, §8
H but we are doubly proud of them now. The value is the same as it al- f§
§H ways was— namely, a regular $2.50 hat— but we are showing the hat in so H$j
||| many colors and shapes that everybody can- get just what he wants. egi
ill In soft hats there is the Fedora, the Graeco and the Dunbp u
H Crusher, in black, brown, pearl, cedar, otter, side nutria, steel and Java; la
Hi and in stiff hats we show the Derby in many different shapes, the colors E§1
gi being black, brown, cedar and oxford. V - . jgy
|| Every hat bears the Union label—you know what that means— think H
|jj of, getting a union-made hat lor- \ - ¦.¦ . Wi
§1 Out-of-town orders filled— write us. - tf
i 718 Market Street. iMARTSVILLE. March 18.— Charles
Spald, a madman, entered ' the - house of
John Wilson at Colmena at 4 o'clock this
morning and severely beat the hired man.
Thomas Marr. with a club. Marr'js cries
for help aroused Wilson; and a ' fierce
struggle ensued. The maniac was struck'
on -the head and rendered unconscious,
and the.n bound, and brought to this city.
Spald was at one time an tnmate of the
Napa Asylum. The blow on the c bead
fractured his skull and be ..may,, die.. Spald
was . rescued from a water, pond at 7
•o'clock on Sunday, evening .by. Wilson and
put to bed In a barn.' lie was a*ctr25JTrr'
>a.t the Wilson place. '
MANIAC ENTERS HOUSE
AND ATTEMPTS MUEDEE
. . .a Ditch.
STOCKTON, March _18.— J. F. Jones,
who was employed on &. dredger, near
Bouldln,' w*as k shot and Instantly, .killed
yesterday while hunting with Bob Easlcy.
The men came to a ditch and Jones, at
the suggestion -of Easley, went 'ahead;
having on i rubber boots. ; to see how deep
it was. ' Jones crossed and told". EiasleyJto
come on, 'but the. latter > feared" he would
sink In the mud, being a heavy -man, and
Easley passed him the butt of the gun to
hold to. Jones had the muzzle pointing
toward himself. Easley . in catching ¦ the
stock accidentally.- pulled the ; trigger, j dis
charging the weapon. The shot entered
Jones' side and he . expired' instantly; ; ' : /
- Jones had a brother residing. at Burson,
and' It is supposed that that place was his
home.
Unintentionally Discharges a Shot
gun While Being Helped Over v
HUNTER /ACCIDENTALLY
KILLS HIS COMPANION
Tli© body was found to-day . by James
Almond and A. Jenklnson on the farm of
Blair Brothers on Lulu Island. V :
VANCOUVER, March . 18.— With the
hands , and feet nailed to scantlings in a
comn-like box, the headless body of an
unknown man^was found to-day on the
bank of the-Fraser River, about ten miles
from Vancouver. Murder had evidently
been committed, and to cover up , the
crime the dastardly method of spiking the
limbs in the box was resorted to by the
fiendish assassins. *.
Though not as long as an ordinary, cof
fin, the box was wider..' The murdered
man's head had been hacked off, appar
ently'With a dull ax, in order that the
body could more readily be put into the
box. The remains evidently had been in
"the "box, at least three or four months.
They were •wound; around ¦with two red
blankets, such as are . used by salmon
fishermen on the Fraser River, the ordln
;ary working clothes of the man having
been removed. -.¦-'.- *
The police niade a thorough investiga
tion .to-day ; and came . to the conclusion
that the man was a white fisherman who
had been done to death by Japanese or
Chinese. In. the same, district, last year
Chief „• of Police Main ot: Steveston- was
murdered by; Chinese) who cut up his
body with an ax. " • . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.*
Dismembered Remains of
Their Victim Found
in a Box.
GHOULISH WORK
OF MURDERERS
SACRAMENTO, March 18.— A grave
doubt has arisen as to the constitution
ality of the ¦ county government act,
which passed both houses of the Legisla
ture and is now awaiting . the signature
of the Governor. ' • .
Sacramentof County fis ¦- directly con
cerned in the provisions of the act and
for that reason the measure has under
gone careful scrutiny at the hands' of
able counsel. It has been discovered that
with reference to Sacramento County,
which comes under the designation of a
county of the fifth class, as" weir as with
reference tor many other countles,"*~{he
measure ' directly \ conflicts with , a ", provi-
Bion of the constitution, since It proposes
to increase the salaries of county officers
during their term of . office. The : section
of the constitution to which reference is
made, No. - 11, | is as follows :
The compensation' of any. county," city, town'
or municipal officer shall not be Increased after
hia election or during his term of office, .-r..
Notwithstanding this plain - Injunction,
the; new. county, government act contem
plates wholesale- changes and increases
in the salaries of : officials, and specific
ally ..; declares that the changes shall go
into. effect; immediately upon. Its passage
and approval by the Governor. v-.-- --:
In ; the '¦ case of - Sacramento • alone, the
salary of two township constables, who
now ¦ receive small compensation In fees
is to be raised to $100 a month each'; " the
Justice; of; the 'Peace is to receive a\ sal
ary instead; of , fees; the three official
court "reporters, who jnow get' paid per
diem ; wages, are to have stated salaries
of $166 66 a ¦ month ; :- the office of : Auditor
and Recorder, Is to be divided "In two the
Auditor, to receive- $3000 and the Recorder
$2400 per annum. •; ;.
liWhilej changes are provided for iii '¦. the
system of salaries ; in \ the County . Clerk's
office." only - in ¦¦- the . case of the offices of
Auditor ' and - Recorder : - Is ; it . pointed out
that . the '¦' changes ' shall not go into effect
until January,, 1903.^ In all 'other particu
lars ; the . act ¦». expressly states that ¦-' the
changes \ shall < go ¦ Into effect ; immediately
upon its passage.' < • j
Some of -the county officials claim that
; the i act '¦ merely provides ; f or : a ¦ change of
the i system by » which ; they "receive* their
i salaries,-; but : the critics. of the act assert
that 1 the effect of the bill nevertheless will
be > to i largely i Increase ? salaries ; and that
the J constitution*. will not ' permit'-' to 'be
done v by - indirection % that > > which Tif pro- :
hibits being [ done; directly. *"V '"' - .' :
Flaw Is Found in the New
County Government
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
ACT MAY PROVE
TO BE INVALID
Make-TJp of the Parade.
college choir; vocal solo. Rev. Robert
Sesnon; college hymn to St. Joseph (rep
etition), college choir.
The parade under the grand marshal
phip of H. A. Plister will take the follow
ing line of march: On Washington from
Santa Clara to Franklin, thence west on
Franklin to Jackson, countermarch to Al
viso street to College hall, thence south
<>n Alviso to Lexington, to Grant, to
Santa Clara, .to the grand stand. The
line of march will be made up on Santa
Clara street at 8:30 a. m., and the march
¦will commence at 9 a. m.
Throe divisions will be in line. The
first will be led by the Santa Clara banu.
then v.-ill come the grand marshal and
h:? aids. The next section will contain
the Ftfudects, followed by the. president
f ryi faculty of the college and the offi
c.-rs of the day In carriages.
Thp second division will be led by the
TTarine Band, followed by Marshal J. J.
Kberhard and aids. Tannery tug-of-war
t^ara. Santa Clara High School and rep
resentatives of other schools, pupils of
public schools, scholars of the Academy
cf Notre Dame.
In the third division will be: Sodality
Druffel; vice president, A. Block, L. W.
Bond, George Bray, N. H. Downing, John
Eberhard. A*. V. Fatjo. Dr. G. W. Fow
ler, J. Flannery, D. Henderson, I. Her
rington, E. Jordan, Rev. A. L. Kellogg,
L. M. Klmberlin, H. O. F. Menton. H. D.
Menton Sr., J. C. McPherson, C. E.
Moore, Dr. S. Oberdeener, R. T. Pierce,
H. A. Pflster. J. G. Robinson. John Roll,
I. Ruth, Professor L. R. Smith, Dr. E. H.
Smith, Dr. H. H. Warburton, Dr. G.' H.
"VVorrall, Philip Sheehy, Manuel Carrera,
Patrick Concannon, Francis Farry, Rob
ert Fatjo. T. P. Cunningham,, F. S. Wld
ney; A. C. Gage, secretary.
avenge any wrongs, but to levy blackmail
and achieve cheap notoriety. He Eays
there will be some surprised people when
he presents all his proofs at the trial, and
his wife will be one of them.'
Mrs. SpringflcM is residing In Lodi. hav
ing rented rooms for a dressmaking par-'
lor, as Ehe says she is without funds and
must support herself until the courts give
her the relief she asks. She has interest
ed the ladies of the local order of Ke
bekan in her cause, making a speech to
them at a recnt meeting and stating her
case. They probably will help her, but
just what they will do is not yet decided.
LODI. March IS.— Mrs. Sarah F. Spring
field, who followed her eloping preacher- /
husband and her niece. Miss Mary F. Ken
ehaw, across the continent, to-day re
ceived a telegram from Judge H. M. Scott
of 6 Wall street, New York, announcing
that he will be here shortly to conduct her
suit for divorce and maintenance. Soott
was formerly a Judge In- Oklahoma Ter
ritory, and according to Springfield's wife
divorced the reverend gentleman from a
wife there. At that time Springfield was
a deputy sheriff. Mrs. Springfield says
that Scott knows enough about, her hus
band's lfle while in Oklahoma to make it
extremely unpleasant for him.
Meanwhile all Is quiet at the •Kershaw
frult farm, ¦where tbe minister and the
niece reside. They are preparing for the
lagal combat, and declare that the case
will not be one-sided. Springfield is bitter
against his wiffe, who. he says, is trying
to .ruin him. He solemnly declares he
would rather pass his life In jail than live
with her again. He asserts that she has
hounded him across the continent, not to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Scott of N«w York
to Prosecute Parson
Springfield.
COMING TD AID.
WRONGED WIFE
Club band, mill tug-of-war team, Santa
Clara Fire Department.
The' forenoon programme contains a
good list of track events, and for the af
ternoon a series of citizens' games is
scheduled. The officers of the day are:
Grand marshal, Henry A. Pflster; mar
shals, R. Rucker, A. Spence, H. D. Men
ton. H. O. F. Menton. E. Blagnl. A.
Koehle, L. Downing, M. Sperry. H. Eber
hard, T. Graham, I. Koehle, D. Maddox,
Committee of arrangements — Philip Shee
ny, Manuel Carrera, Patrick Cancannon,
Robert Fatjo, Francis • Fairy. > secretary.
Officers of the evening— President, D. O.
v
THREE PRELATES OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH WHO WILL LEND THEIR AID TO THE PEOPLE OF SANTA
CLARA IN THE CEREMONIES ATTENDING THE GOLDEN JUBILEE OF THE OLDEST EDUCATIONAL IN
STITUTION ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
ENTIBE CITY TO BECOME
A VAST FLORAL ' BOWER
Magnitude of San Jose's Preparations
for the Reception of Mr.
McKinley.
SAN JOSE. March 18.-The plans of the I
decoration committee of the Carnival of
Roses to be held in honor of President Mc-
Kinley's visit to San Jose have been made
public and the work . of converting the
city into a bower of bunting, evergreen
and flowers will shortly -be commenced.
One hundred- and fifty carnival flags 'of
triangular shape, in delicate gold and
bright cardinal, have been ordered and
will be suspended from poles fastened to
the trolley and telegraph posts. AH the
posts on the main thoroughfare will be
covered with redwood boughs* and date
palms. From the wires that support the
trolley wires will be suspended garlands
of evergreen and above will wave two six
foot flags. Still higher up, hanging from
ropes stretched from the business blocks,
will be large eighteen-foot American flags,
of which there will be twenty.
. At the corner of First and Santa Clara
streets will be a huge May pole arch made
of streamers of evergreen and varicolored
bunting, the ends caught at the - four
street corners. All in all more than 2000
yards of bunting and twenty carloads of
redwood boughs will be used.
During the lajit few days before the
carnival begins the flowers and blossoms
will be added to the decorations, complet
ing the effect. Sweet peas will be the
principal flower to be used. in masses for
beauty and fragrance. Roses will be do
nated by thousands, but will be used more
in the private and school displays.
Will Represent Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, March 18.— General Ben
jamin F. Tracy and Frederic Coudert of
New York have been engaged to succeed
the late Benjamin Harrison as attorneys
for this city in the refunding bond case,
which will be heard next month by the
United States Supreme Court.
- The cash register In a saloon Is a sort
of bar gain counter.
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 18.— Three
hundred followers of Dr. Alexander Dowle
were mobbed end pelted with eggs last
night after holding a street service. The
gospel wagon used on such occasions by
the Dowiettes was beautifully lighted with
colored lanterns. It was the pulpit from
which Elder Simmons spoke. He reiter
ated recent charges against secret socie
ties, which was the signal for the first
onslaught of bad eggs and vegetables. .
The brilliant lights were smashed one hy
one, and the ladies of the choir, as well
as the minister, were bespattered.
Mob Assails Dowieites.
Redlands Citiaseiu Doomed to Per
petual Darkness Becomes a
y Maniac.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 18.— O. H.
Arbucklte, a well-known resident of Red
lands, has become hopelessly Insane ow
ing to worry over falling eyesight. __Hi?
case is a sad one. Nearly two years ago
his sight began to fail, and now he can
scarcely see at all. . He traveled exten-
s ?voly consulted many leading oculists
and spent tne savings of a lifetime in un
successful efforts to obtain relief. A few
weeks ago Mr. Arbuckle was Informed
that he would soon become permanently
blind. This preyed upon his mind to such
an extent that he has lnce become a rav
ing maniac. He Is at times almost un
manageable. He Is now In a Private hos
pital in Los Angeles for treatment.
St. Cyr Will Not Hang.
VANCOUVER, March 18.— Arthur St.
Cyr, who was recently convicted of mur
der in Dawson for the killing of Burke
Jones will serve a life sentence Instead of
hanging on March 31. An order commut
ing the^death sentence was *»««* t £i a «[
by the Governor General in Council at
Ottawa. St Cyr was a Government sur
veyor at Hootallnqua and In a fit of rage
shot Jones who was an old man of near
\£% ?eSs. St. Cyr pleaded temporary
1 insanity.
WOBBY OVER HIS FAILING
SIGHT DETHRONES SEASON
copper to a perfect point, which. has not
been equaled since the days of the an
cients." -- ¦ .
. Anderson Is a veteran of th« Spanish-
American "War. having enlisted as . a pri
vate in the First "Washington Regiment.
He Is a man of 27 years and fairly well
educated.
The 'trolley "wheel given to the Seattle
Electric Company to test has the true
ring of steel in It and Is Impervious to
the assaults of a common file. Its true
worth can be made known only, by an
actual test, which the electric company
has nromise£«to give wltnin the next few
days. ¦ •¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Orient- She brought news ot a brutal as
sault on Major H. B. Mulford of the
Thirty-ninth Infantry and his wife at
Kioto while returning from Manila. A
mob of 100 attacked the Mulfords while
they were embarking on a. train, ana
their clothing was torn and both were
roughly used, despite the major's strenu
ous resistance. He was In uniform.
The North China Daily News tells of an
outrage committed by Russians at Mlu
chwang. where a party or Cossacks, pur
suing- some Chinese Into the British con
sulate, shot and killed the watchman
there. - ¦¦--¦
The North German Lloyd's mall steamer
Munchen was lost near Yap. one of the
Carolines lying 800 miles east of the Phil
ippines, while en route to Yokohama
from Australia. All hands were saved. .
Japanese companies In Echlgo. wher»
the Standard • Oil Company has besun
operations, have formed a combine to
compete with the American company.
The Japanese Diet was at a deadlock
when the steamer left over the tax In
creases In the till which puts an Increased
tariff on sugar.
Manila. v vJI
VICTORIA. B. C, March IS.— The steam
ship Klnshlu Manx arrived to-day after a
fast passage from Yokohama and the
Roughly Handles an Amer
ican Major and His
Wift.
Officer of the Thirty-Ninth Infantry
Attacked at Kioto Whilo
Returning From
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 19; 1901.V
SANTA CLARA WILL CELEBRATE
THE BIRTHDAY OF ITS COLLEGE
LUNATIC'S FREAK
STARTS A BOOM
LEARNS THE LOST ART
OF TEMPERING COPPER
JAPANESE MOB'S
BRUTAL ASSAULT
Visitors Gather From All Sections of the State to Partici
pate in the Golden Jubilee Ceremonies of the Oldest
Catholic Educational Institution on the Pacific Coast
Carmal City Agitated by
a Supposed Capitalist's
Enterprise. v
' .
Promoter of a Scheme to Raisa Chick
ens by Electricity Proves to Be
an Escaped Insane'
, Patient.:"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, March 18.-One of the
most peculiar cases of bunko .ever knovn
in this vicinity { occurred here last week
and is now the cause of much amusement
to those not taken In and of chagrin to
the unfortunates who were the losens.
• A man giving his name as Adolph Hot
ter arrived in Monterev last week and
took rooms at the Everett House. He an •
nounced that he came here from Milwau
kee to look over the ground and find a
suitable location for a chicken ranch,
which, he said, was to be run.- by elec
tricity and was to cost $15,000. After driv
ing about.the' country in every direction
he finally settled upon Carmel City, near
Point Lobos and about seven miles from
Monterey, as a goodvlocation and imme
diately set at work making the necessary
preliminary preparations. He negotiated
,for about ten acres of land at Carrrel
fClty. ordered $2000 worth of lumber. $o00
•worth of hardware, presenting a draft for
$4000, which wa3 perfectly, regular in ap
pearance." This draft was at once sent
on for collection to the tiank at Milwau
kee on which it was drawn. "
Before word came Dack from Milwaukee
Hotter "jumped" his board bill at the
Everett House on Saturday morning and
was arrested just as he was about to
board the train for San Francisco. Ho
was taken before Judge Lambert' of this
city and in default of tbO ball was locked
up.
Hotter's whole story during the process
of his negotiations was so j plausibio
that nobody suspected for a moment he
-was not the capitalist he pretended to be.
He said he had made $40,000 in Milwaukee
in raising chickens in electrical Incubators,
but that he was obliged to give up his
plant there because nis health would not
stand the rigorous winters. He described
the plant he intended establishing here
and said that there was a splendid open
ing for this particular enterprise, in this
section of Monterev County. ¦ A\ real es
tate boom In Carmel City was. Imminent as
a result of his protected
Property-owners there becanfe quite ex
cited and a rapid listing of 'property be
gan. Everybody talked of the "project,
and the novelty of it onlv added zest t«i
the general Interest.
It now appears that Hotter is from
San Frandsoo and Is demented, his mania
being electrical chicken raising. It seema
he escaped from the espionage which his
family keep upon his movements, and for
some time could not be lound. His brother
finally located him here and at once came
for him. Matters were adjusted witn
Judge Lambert and Hotter was taken
home by his brother. «.*.-.:
Seattle: Family's Alleged/ Discovery
in Metallurgy '-Will Be Put to a
Severe Test by Electric Company
SEATTLE, March 15.— If a discovery in
metallurgy made by a Seattle family Is
all that Is claimed for It a fortune of mil
lions Is In store for those who possess the
secret. . Mrs. > Carrie Reristrom and her
two sons, George A. Renstrom and R. 8.
Anderson, have, they claim, learned the
lost art of tempering copper to a fineness
and strenptti superior to the -best steel.
Mrs. Renstrom . asserts that she and her
two boys know the true process. , As proof
of her claim she had several. knives which
bear an edge fine and hard; enough -to cut
polished lron. : Applying their discovery
to practical uses, the Renstrom family
has made a trolley .wheel of solid .copper,
a thing: unheard of In electrical engineer-
Ing, and has offered it to the Seattle
Electric Company to be tested in' such
hard use where ordinary wheels of cop
per and bronze alloy .would wear In' a
month or nve weeks. .=
The process is a secret of the mother
and her two sons. They are haunted, by
the fear that while they are experiment
ing some prying: eye will discover, the
formula. -They will not even, say when
they made the discovery or where, it was
that after years of effort success crowned
their labors. Anderson, who is a son of
Mrs. Renstrom by a former marriage,
said to-day:- . '. ' • •¦¦ ¦"¦'¦ "
"Five years ago. while living. near Ar
lington, Qnohomtsh County, my mother
and myself began . experimenting . ; wlth
copper to discover some process by which
It could T be hardened „ like • steel. Taking
some pieces of. copper wire I : formed-- a^
knife, and then, making some researches,
adopted a formula for tempering. I failed,
naturally, and then began all over again.
My- mother undertook to solve the riddle
herself, and my half-brother, George Ren-'
strom, joined us. Together we worked for
days and week 1 ?. " *r.
"Not long, ago .George forged, a knife
and tempered It by our secret process. It
was as hard, as . the best grade of Im
ported steel and took an edge like a razor.
With the slightest touch it would cut a
piece of fine linen paper. Another piece
handled- In the same manner .was sharp
ened and with it. we could cut the face of
a polished 5 flatlron. We now have the
process perfected until we can temper
3
SANTA CLARA, March 18.— Final
arrangements for the Golden Jubi
lee celebration of Santa Clara Col
lege are completed and to-morrow
will witness the inauguration of
the ceremonies. The oldest educational
institution en the Pacific Coast will ex
tend its hospitality to people from all
parts of the State, and Santa Clara has
prepared to give them a royal reception.
A lengthy programme has been prepared,
containing- many interesting features.
• This belns Lent, the celebration of the
high pontiiiical mass and the more elao
orate religious ceremonies will be sus
pended and will not take place until
June. Solemn high mass will be celebrat
ed at the college at 9 o'clock to-morrow
morning, the officiating priest to be Rev.
John P. Frieden. He will be assisted by
the following clergymen: Deacon. Rev.
John J. Ford, S. J.: sub-deacon. James S.
Taylor. S. J.; master of ceremonies, Rev.
John J. Cunningham, S. J.; sacred orator,
Riirht Rev. George Montgomery. D. D.,
Kishop of Los Angeles. Bishop Montgom
ery arrived this morning and went to the
college, where he will stay during the
celebration.
Baseball and Oratory.
To-morrow afternoon there •will be a
liaseball game between Santa Clara Col
lege and Stanford. The contest promises
to be an exciting one. In the evening
there will be an entertainment in the col
lie liall. Xicholas Bowden will deliver
Hie oration of the day and Charles D.
South will read an original poem. The
remainder of the entertainment follows:
Music. Santa Clara College Orchestra;
college hvmn to St. Joseph (Rev. John
Kord. S. J.). college choir; "Sierraland."
original poem; music, Santa Clara Col
lege Orchestra; Latin ode (Rev. G. Leg
irio, S. J.). James Bacigalupl; hymn to
St. Claire (.from old mission hymnal).
Clothes for Spring Wear
There will never be a better time to talk spring <^^^^|
c'o'hes to you than now. March is a spring month and v^SgssssgS^
we are fortunate enough to be enjoying spring weather.
Below we go into more detail about the patterns and % -S^^ 1
prices but right here we want to emphasize the fact that \^j~^f
every'bit of our ready-to-wear clothing has been made Ji^YlL
in our own workshops by union men. From the first
snip of the shears to the last stroke of the
pressing iron no one. but a union worker /Hf^^
touches our clothing. The workmanship in /%MW^Si .
union-made clothing makes it the best . Ours Ainffl
is the only union made clothing on this coast. Y||||m^
At $7.50 and .$10.00 we have a line of | § W |i||l|l 1
single and double breasted square cut and U
sing e breasted round corner sack suits, ready ¦
to wear, made from cheviots and tweeds in li||f«
lightweights and patterns; can fit. anybody 1|HH|||||^^
from u to 46 chest measure; suits are farmer IHlil^
satin lined, silk sewed, will hold their shape i|$K
Also spring overcoats at $7.50 and $10.00 , 1
are to te had in coverts and oxford gray WPlSlSir^
At $15.oo and $i7.5o we are showing a Xr ym WBL wfailf
swell line of soiid color flannel ready-to-wear hT W||y
sack suits with the small parallel stripes, and TOtlffl' wriiffti
the new round corner cut, which are so popu- . Ml mm l|||j|j.;|j
lar. The colors are black, blue, gray, brown, ll'S WjwIJ
olive and white with green, red, blue or white BSmSB tllaiii
stripes. All the-swell^dre-sers are indulging 8M jlvj Mjjw'ij
in these patterns now. Ours are exceptional aliliil M^l
a gB^r Our children's and boys' clothing department is full
' W |Tf °* spring novelties. Among the many things of interest
"t '"' A Ti are some Wash suits for 'boys from 5 to 7 years old.
/jy^Lm^"T^> These suits come in different styles. The cne here pic-
¦M, W^l \ ¦ )\ tured comes in lavender, pink, white and blue in stripes;
' /7%-'"\ I f • a has a P Iain sailor collar and shield or inlaid with pique.
!/•/$!%•¦ \'\- j Another style is the Cossack, which is .modeled after ->
X^^>n V'^iw a st y* e °f Russian uniform; the co ors are solid light blue,
Nllf^iSr nav^ b^ ue and red wit^ wJlite trimmings; price of either
Mj|\W[l Chi'dren's silk front shirts, ages % to 12, all colors,
TO Bk regular price joc, how reduced to 35c.
jfi 3P^" Boys' crush hats, separaMe bands to permit washing
Wk^T f of the hat, allcolors, 25c and 40c.
A . Straw v hat^ from 25c up, all just arrived. **
Out-of-iov/n orders filled — write us for anything in men's or boys' clothes, furnishings or hats.
71 8 Market -Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHSffiLlfllill WFAfi
«jX| WOMEN
yj^r*/ // x.^— 31 Are made strong
f$'^//' § ' ERby'tbe u3e °f r -
¦ T B fee *****£*'* Favorite
Kx9l<\ J[ It
<%&y£r 7\£jp* weakening drains,
) J Y3§ike a l 8 inflamma-
'£$$&& .y 7 >@t tion and ulceration
¦ffii&jP, fH \ \?and cures female
A J \ . ,..'-
yj^Sfg W \ Sick women are
V£ c .^X5*v^ \ invited to consult
3&SV&iVvV Doctor picrce « b 7
rH&y a womanly conS-
m£&$w& dence , held in
an ? S^rded by
$&'f$i&&&™r^\ 6tJ 1 ct professional
taSgSl"™ 1 " 7" \ privacy- Write
Y&tfsl * N without/ fear and
v^iaH// J without fee to
WS i I VSl «V~" °t Mnicarter. Cookt
¦3 / I ' I'A \£& four doctors and none
K / I (la \t- di& 1He an y K°°&' 1
W f I fc3« \h siifferrf «ix years, but
# y I 1 X \\\ if at laet I found relief.
' • W -"5 *v \i advice, and took eight
"*•• ' . vA bottles of ' Favorite
¦ui** 1 • ( Jl pre»cription/ aad
I ft 1 \ IT fonrof tne 'Golden
v \\ \ \ <tr\ Medical Discovery,' I
\i%^Jt^-^^K now feel like a «*'
ramllJii|f|fflS( 'Doctor Pierce's
WWM&Msi&e Pleasant Pellets
t£%S&£fc^1u& : &'^ and sick bead
K^SSS**!^ ache. They do
v«B» not create the pul,
. habit-California.
"The Telephone Girl" was tn Its glory
thoritiea of the Pan-American Exposition
to give a series of organ recitals on the
large four-manual organ now being erect
ed in the .Temple ot Music. Buffalo. As
these engagements are # only offered to
those organists who are considered as rep
resentative performers on the instrument
the fact that Dr. Stewart has been en
gaged is a compliment not only to the
organist but to the State as well. Dr:
Stewart will begin his recital series on
June 2.
THREE OF THE STARS OF THE
. SEMBRICH GRAND OPERA COM
PANY.
French Troopship Ashore.
BIKGAPORE. March 18.— The French
troopship Vinhlong is ashore near the
entrance to this port. She is not believed
to be in a dangerous position.
NEWiTORK, March 18.— James J. Cor
bett telegraphs i from , Philadelphia that ihe
is willing to fight Champion Jeffries ' to a
finish.- — . * -
CHICAGO. March 18.— Champion Jeffries
¦was shown the message from Corbett say
ing he .would , fight Jeffries. The big . fel
low ;. smiled and . ; said he ; knew - nothing
about it- ¦'. , , 1 - :.-. ¦
""Corbett always- was a Rood talker."
continued Jeffries,; "but I. fail to see where
he has any call on a flght with me; and a
finish bout of all others. In the first place
there is no place to pull off a finish , flght
except - Carson- City. ".and. I guess; there
would be, no chance, of . Retting : him? out
there. A , finish fight Corbett does
not interest. me liearlyijas -muchVat 'the
present*, time, as my, box-office receipts." r
1 , "
Jeffries toa Finish.
He Offers to Fight Champion Jim
CORBETT WANTS A MATCH.
. ' First race,- seven -, furlongs, selling — Trebor
won. Locust Blossom'.- second, '¦. Judge Magee
third. Time. 1:27%. - " ". k . _.
Second race, half-mile— Elsie L won, Lenny F
eecond. Tambourine : II third. J i Time, :4S%. v
Third race, handicap, six furlongs— Sevoywon^
Cad Hazel second. sThurles third. Time. 1:13.
Fourth race, one and an- eiehth. miles, *St. ;
Patrick's handicap— Varro won. Cluster second
Dissolute third. Time, 1:54%. :
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sellingr—
King Elk wood won. Little Sallle second. Pace
maker third. ,- Time. : 1:49. ¦ " -. ,.
Sixth race.' one mile, selling— Red Pirate won,
Blocker second, J.'B. Sloan third. Time. 1:41%.
¦. Seventh race, one mile, selling— Governor Boyd
wont Defender II second, . Phidias third. Time.
NEW ORLEANS,- March 18.-Results:
Racss at ' New Orleans.
Probable Winners. ; *•
First race — Vantlne, Gold Baron. Un Cadeau.
.Second race — Beau Ormonde; Bonnie Llssak.
Andrattus. .
Third race— Eva Moe, .Olinthus, Manchie. !
Fourth race— Wyoming, Edgardo,.' Brownie
Anderson. • . •.- :
. Fifth race— Katherlne Ennls, , Luca, Mrs. ,
Brunell.
Sixth race— Articulate, Specific, Rosormonde.
Sixth race— Six. and • a half : furlongs: three
year-olds and up; purse: •*,' .
2133 Rosormonde .*..10S; 2137 Rollfngr Boer. .-.104
2133 Specific 1131-2137 Articulate ..... 99
. Fifth ra<;e— Five furlongs; maiden three
yeSr-olds; eellins: "-'. •
2124 Alpha Lee.... .;1C2 2008 Carrie Lucas... 102
*21HLucera ...:..:.. 107 2140 Companion ....107
2124 Singer ......."...107 Kxerel ..;. ....'. 107
2124 Mrs. Brunelt...lO7 2124 Kath. Ennls...-.1O7
Third race— Steeplechase handicap; about
two miles:
2115 Olinthus 150 213S May Boy........l4g
19?2 L'd Chest' field. 135 (2OS8)Eva Moe 130
¦ 17S2 Manchle 12S <2136)Mestor.. ...... ...126
Fourth race — Mile ' and : a sixteenth; four
year-olds and up; Belling:: ' . i
(2126)Wyomlng Ill 1967 Br.> Anderson.. .103
20S5 Klnaldo. ..109 1967 Edgardo ..105
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
rurse: .,-- • ,
«200?)Couear .........112 210fi CloW HadRe 109
2102 llonnie Llsaak..l07 2127 Andrattus 109
(21M).Immodell 112 2120 Beau Ormonde. 112
First race— Five, furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: selling: ¦ , .
2098 St. Anthony. ...1011 2125 Antagone ......lOi
2052 Gold Baron 110 2110 Foul Play n
2100 March Seven... f» 2122 Mission .......AM
1K22 Vantine 93 18SS Morelia .....:.. 104
2098 l^etiger ....101 2093 Un Cadeau ..101
2050 Slsquoc 101
Tanforan Entries.
Calif ornla Organist Honored.
i.Dr., H.J.; Stewart ,Uh« organist.of .Trin
ityChurch,;has been -engaged by: the au-
"The. Proper Caper," advertised as the
New York Madison-square success, may
now ."be advertised ' aa \ the , San Francisco
Alcazar Theater' ,'. success. The side
splitting skit was given with. all Jta
naughty Parisian*, raciness last night by
the excellent company. ' George P. Web
ster as Casimlr Beaujolais., the old thor
oughbred who took -an infusion of bllly
goat's blood for rejuvenation, was at nig
best. 'But the really, funny acting. of.- the
piece is done by Howard: Scott as Arpad
Vllapos, a jealous Hungarian, and FTauk
Bacon : as -Professor* : 55eisrenlleber, - tho
scientist with a transfusion fad. L41a Con-'
vere's • Ninette - and s Mlaa "Agnes ' Ranken'a
Mignonne carried off the honors in the fe
male characters, v All : the • rest- were cood.
and- the members; of ihe - audience: -'did'
nothing but sit j back in . their, chairs % an J
make • jellyflshes . of themselves: 'with
laughter.' It ¦¦'. is ; fun;. . and > Innocent fun
from ". the ¦-' Parisian * ¦ point--.-- of ¦." riew,' all
through the i play.- 'It • vrillf always -be the
proper.caper when other. plays" are dull.-
Stange and - Edwards' : . "The i"Weddlnfir
Day". as presented at the last .night
greatly pleased' the very large audience
that i attended: The music ! is catchy, and
the ; Tivoll . favorites ; received "¦: hearty ¦ ap
plause for ' their * work. . '. It ' afforded '- the
patrons of the an opportunity to
witness the wonderful work of Paul Steln
dorff,' the ! new conductor, and he proved
such * a success that he was < greeted with
round after round of applause.-. ¦
¦¦ Mr." Stelndorff haa been appearing before
large audiences for. years, but* always
with • his >- back toward ' them, * and • last
night .was the first time he had an: oppor
tunity ; to . "t ace" ¦¦ one. : ¦ His . reception . was
so -.warm j that ; the management requested
him i to j step; upon? the 'stage. The ordeal
was '- too ¦ much ¦ for ; the musician, and he
ran from the stage, suffering from a,gen
uine case of "stage; frieb.t.7.
Alcazar.
The social , fad of to-day ls the hlgh
born pussy cat'and the Orpheum manage
ment; this week demonstrates that "tab
by" has a real right to recognition. . Te
chow's cats at the - Orpheum are noble
champions of their, race. Lockhart's ele
phants were the biggest things in the
line of -big "animal, acts" the Orpheum
ever presented; Techow's^cats are the big
gest "fittle fellows" anybody ever showed
anywhere. They do everything and do It
In a way to interest the oldsters and drive
the yungsters : to putting the family cat
through a" course of training. 'Smith and
Campbell In their "sidewalk" conversa
tion are bright and interesting, and Amid
is about the only contortionist in whoso
work- the ."artistlo". overshadows the un
natural handling cf -the - form divine.
Beatrice Moreland appears to much bet
ter advantage In her new sketch, "Pop
py," and was last night rewarded wilh
a continuous ripple of applause. I Paplnta
still retains her popularity and, although,
she was the closing feature of the show,
there was no putting on of hats and coats
to disturb anybody. The Bunth and'Rudd
Company -has some new things from the
"old .world," and "taken all through the
Orpheum has no need to worry about. the
box office for this week.; r
Orpheum.
Miss Helen Itainslev in tne leading fe
male role. Lady Palama. has a rich and
sweet voice and was cordially received
last night. Other members of the com
pany who aco.ulttec! themselves moat
creditably were Messrs. W. H. Thomp
son. Arthur Cunningham, John Reade and
S. II. Forde. Miss Addle Sharpe in the
ingenue part is .very clover.
The chorus ls well trained and the CO3
tumes are fresh and tasteful.
and- "The Tempest," ' are marvels of
beauty, and .Krace.v . .
"The Highwayman" was well sung. Ed
mund Stanley in the leading role. Captain
Scarlet, sane admirably. H. W. Tro De
nick as Foxy Qulller, a Bow street consta
ble. Is a rarely clever comedian, and the
same may be said of Charles Cantor, who
played the oar t of hostler of the Cat and
Fiddle Inn. s ¦ »
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Monday.
March IS. 1S01.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2152. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling;
three-year-old» and upward; purse. $300.
Ir.dex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. \t. Str. Fin.
riO9 Nullah. 4. JOS.... Mounce 2 11 14 14
c20f»)Hoir.sute. 3. 95....Ransch 8 7 4 4h 2 2
tO» I D't Know, a, HO.Falhy 3 3 1 2 »i 3 2
<2093)Modwcna, 6, 105... .Kelly 4 «h 6 2 4 1
214K S. cf Tarsus. 4. 107.Sturt 6 B >i 3 h 5
• £1» Glissan.io. 4. 107 Weir 7 4h OS 6 »
1M1 K. Gibbons, a. lOR.Dcmk 9 8 4 7 4 7 5
2142 Benroe. 6. I11..H. Brown 19 9 S 5
T12S Fairfax. I, lH.ArmsUTig 5 2 18 4 9
Time— 3-1S. :1S\: 7-16. :43: u\-,t. 1:08. Good
etart. Won easily. . Second and third driving.
Winner. HupJies & Elliott's b. m. by imp.
Aintree-Lady Augusta. Nullah had all the
Fpeed. Homage had .1 bumpy trip. • Baul of
Tarsus quit. Benroe .has very bad underpin
ning. Modwena can dt» better- i Scratched —
Hungarian 107, Gold Baron 107, Small Jack S7.
Fellow Me »7.
Betting— Nullah. 3-5; Homage, 5: I Don't
Know, 30; Modwena, 9; Saul of Tarsus, 20;
Glirsando. 15; Katie Gibbons, 7; Benroe, 25;
Fairfax, So.
2153. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward; purse, S300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. S. Str. Fin.
2::* Mi*!! Rowena. 6. lOT.Mnre 4 3 2 2 3 1 h
2117 Mldlwe. 5. 307..F"ntlroy 2 1 h 1 n 2 2
IK'S Maydine. 4. 107...HowelI 1 5 * 3 3 >i 3 2
<:954>Gr>M Finder, 4, lOy.Matrn 9 8 »-j 4 h 4 2
<20f»MI>Mf Prince, 3, 100.. Hoar 7 7h 54 S3
17T.0 Florista. 3. 101 .Domlnick 3 2 2 6 1 6 1
HIS Clarando. 5. 107. ... Kelly 6 6 1 8 2 7 1
<2i"S2)AIumlnum. 6. 109.Bas"err S 9 3 7 H 8 1
1Z33 Fugden. 5, 113... .Hazardll 10 4 10 10 9 5
!7M rvvereaux. 4. 309. Brown 5 4 \i 9 2 10 5
21 17 Yodel, 5. ?6 StuartlO 11 11 11
Time— To •«. :^14: to H, :46; last S. 1:C1;
short %». 1:11. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse"s ch.
m. by imp. Midlothian-imp. Paloma. A toss
up between the two leaders. Gold Finder In
poor luck. Florista quit. Supden almost left.
Lelf Prince can do better with a strong ride.
Scratched— The Benedict 112.
Betting— M'.sy Rnwena. 3-2; Midi we. 5; Msy
<Jine, 12; Gold Finder. 40: I^eif Prince, 4; Flor
ista 7; Clarando. 12; Aluminum. 30; Sugden.
20; I>evereaux, 15; Yodel, 100.
2154. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling;
maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. \. Str. Fin.
2«34 Evea G. l«6..Fauntleroy S 4 1 .... 1 2
21<1 Barkleyite. 103 Logne 2 3 1 ... 2h
1P1J Vasallo. .113 Mounce 1 5 2 ... >J1
2010 Hard Xlpht. 10L Mat hews 3 11 ... 4 1
1SCI Montoya. lC3...Dominlck 7 9 5 ... 51
?«;» Lento. 10« Weir « 8 1 ... «1
21*9 Popper Sauce. ir«.How!l 5 7 »4 ... 7 1
?13n Frank Rain, l^.Iiasngor 4 2^t ... S3
2141 Prestonlan. ?S Stuart 9 6 1 ... 9 6
2104 Flattered, »S HoarlO 10 ... 10
Time—'-,. 34*4; 4. :494. Good #tart. Wen
ea*:ly. Second and third driving. 'Winner.
J. Coffey'F ch. f. by imp. Juvenal-Sister Oen
era. Evea G played in best racing luck.
Parkleyite is a "comer." Vasallo* badly cut
cS right after start. He was beet. Montoya
•wiy poorly. Frank Bain stopped. Scratched
—Teddy. Marks 1"!.
Bettingr— Evea G. 7-2; Barkleylte. 10; Va-
Fallo. 11-5 ; Hard Night. 6<»: Montoya. 5; Lento,
15; Pepper SaTJce. $; Frank Bain, 200; Preston
lac. 40; Ffattered, 50.
2155. FOURTH RACE-Seven furlong*: seli-
Ing; four-year-olds a.nd upward; purse. $300.
Index. Horre. TV% Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
<212£)Haeerdon. 4. 102. Mounce 114 1 J 13
2121 Merops. 5, l<)6..Dominlck 5 2 S 2 10 2 10
21« Mor?llito. a. 10S..Howell 3 4 3 3 1 3 3
2i>4R \"g MoreUo. 4. lOS.Brodn 4 3 4 4 5 4 15
2009 Fllle <TOr. 4. 100 Weir 2 5 5 b
Time— H. :13>4; \k. :23H; H. :4S!4; %, l:27^i.
Coed start. Won easily. Second and third
cminp. Winner. H. L. Frank's b. g. by Imp.
T-Eher-I«rjy Richmond. Winner cut out a
merry pace. Meror* has an affliction of the
vindpipe. but did his best. Morello grew
weary. Scratched— Champion Rose 100. Bag
dad m. Mifiian M, Satan 102. First Call 108.
BettinR — Hagrerdon, 2; Merop»., 3-5; Morei
lito. 6; Young Morello. 60; Fllle. d'Or, 150.
2156. . riFTH RACE— One mile-; Belling;; four
5'ftar-oldt and upward; purse. {350. .
Index. Hone, TVt, Jockey. St. H- *i- Fin.
2142 Alturas. .6, 111 Kelly 1 4,2 3 2 12
ir.d B. Moore. 4. lM..Domnk 3 2 1 13-22
21 lo William F. 4. 105-Mounce 6 5 2 4 2 3 3
•TO? J. McCrvy, 6, lll.Meauylft 8 1 7 14 2
2f>60 Mik<» Rice. a. lll.Fallehy S 6 S * 1 5 »4
2^93 F. Toultn. 5. 103.Jackson 9 7 1 SI 6 5
2093 J. McCabe, 5, U0.Alexdr7 9 1 «2 7 1
2ifi7 Barney F. 4, 106.. Stuart 2 2 2 5n 8 1
2033 Pilot. 5, lf6..Fauntl«?roy 4 In 2 1 9 5
21*5 Tw. Tw-ink. a, l«7..We»rll 10 10 10 '
;i4i Mont Eagle. 4, 105.Ba*gr « Fell
Time— U. :I5: u, :49U: K. 1:16: mile, l:42>4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. F. Davis* ch, %. by Shannon-
Avondale. Alturas was be*t. Jim McCleevy
ran with more gamene«s than usual. Fidel
Youlin had Fpoed when too late. . Barney F.
quit. Scratched— Juva, 107.
Betting— Alturas. 7-2; Billy Moore, -5-2; Wil
liam F. «: Jim McCleevy. 40; Mike Rice. 40;
n«H Toulln. 12: Jack McCabe. 50 Barney F
9-2; met, VL; Twinkle Twtnk. 40; Mont Eagle,
10.
2 1ST. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; puree. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey, gt. »£. Str. Fin.
2108 Horton. 5, 111.. Matthew* 1 4 4 *% 11
2108 Pea Lion. a. 10«..Domnk 2 12 In 2 1
1!>2S BathoF. 4. 103..Fauntlroy S 3 2 4 3 3 n
21*^6 Herculean. 4, 106.Howell 7 « 4 6 3 -4 V>
2113 Gauntlet. 5, 106..Basnjrr 4 2 h J^ si'
C106)S. riaid_ 6. ins... Mounce 3 7 7 ' 6 1
21*1 T. Irishman. 4, 105. .Weir 6 5 4 5 3 "•
Time— Vi. :»: %. :S7: H. 1--CT4: %. 1:28. Good
etjxt. "Won easily. Becond and -third driving.
"Winner. J. McGovern'B ch. h. by F3 Reyo-
Fusilla<le> Last. Horton was best. ' Sea Lion
no apolctrtes. Bat has ran hie race. I Gauntlet
out off a furlong: from home by winner. Scotch
Plaia*~cut off at start. Irishman no speed.
Scratched— Goldone 1C3.
Bettinjr— Horton. 4; Sea Lion. 2; Bathos. 12;
H<rcu!ean. 10: Gauntlet, 20; Scotch Plaid. 2;
Tame Irishman. 10.
FIVE FAVORITES UNDER GREEN
COLORS WIN AT TANFORAN TRACK
Talent at the Track Over the Bay Administers a Sound
Drubbing to the Bookies- -Horton' Beats -the Heavily
Played Sea Lion— Miss Rowena and Nullah in Front
AT OAKLAND TRACK
BY F. E. MXTLHOLL'AND.
FOR Just one day's racing,' as it
were, a sort of sortie prior to the
settlement of the big turf dispute,
no fault at all could be found
with the sport at Oakland yester
day. Although Nullah and Miss Rowena
were the only short-priced ones to oblige,
EveaG, Hagerdon. Alturas and Horton
were well played and the books received a
drubbing 1 . A large' crowd"^Was present,
and the betting operations were conducted
on a larger scale than for some days.
There were r.o grounds for any dispute
over the win of Horton In the closing
number. The little racehorse opened at
2, but so steady and stubborn was the
support afforded Sea Lion and Scotch
Plaid, each closing at 2, that 4\i and 5
could be had about -Horton around post
time. Domlnick, on Sea Lion, was away
in the lead, and whilo Caesar Young's
horse' appeared right up on edge, E.
Matthews, astride Horton, ran over him
the last eighth, winning easily by three
lengths. Just after the start Scotch Plaid
was cut off, running, unplaced.
. Hungarian and three others were
scratched from the first event, at five fur
longs, which sent Nullah to the post fa
vorite. The mare made all the running,
beating Homage and old I Don't Know
hands down.
Miss Rowena. the favorite, took the Fu
turity course sprint following after a long,
hard drive. The 107 pounds set very light
on the mare's back, enabling her to get
the decision by a head. Florista made a
favorable showing until the stretch turn
was reached, where he blew up.
Backed from 6 down to 7 to 2. Evea
G, a trim-looking daughter of Imp. Ju
venal, trained by Jimmy Coffey. left nine
behind her in the two-year-old scramble
at four furlongs. Fauntleroy sat in the
saddle. and. getting away well, won all
the way. Vasallo, the 11 to 5 favorite,
ridden by Mounce, was cut off right after
the start, but through clever handling
got up in time to finish third, behind
Barklylte.
George Miller's Merops came out a
strong choice over Hagerdon for the
fourth number, a seven-furlong jaunt,
and never bad a chance. The last-named
horse cut out all .the pace, reaching the
wire three lengths in front. Morelllto lin
ished In front of Young Morello and FUle
d'Or for the show.
There was some lively speculating over
the result of the mile selling affair. Rilly
Moore closing post favorite. While the
choice ran a v£ry fair race he was easily
outfooted by Alturap. which scored clev
erly. The winner had his price cut from 6
to 3»>s to 1. Mont Kaele stumbled soon
after" the start, throwing Bassinger.
BY LOUIS HONIQ.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
THE wearers of the green had a
pay time at Tanforan yesterday.
In four of the six races the sham
rock color was under th«» wlro
first. One Orangeman found his
way to the front and he felt out of place.
The day belonged to the favorites, only
a single overthrow "marring what was
otherwise" an unbroken , succession of
first choice winnings. The surprise was
Free Lance, who made Catastrophe feel
sad in the one rnll<? and a quarter race.
. Winnie O'Qonnor scored the first vic
tory. Mounted on Benson Caldwell. the
1 to 2 favorite, he waited until the turn
before his backers knew that they had a
chance. Then Birdie Stone, who was do
ing all the leading, and La Gorta fell back
while Caldwell and lllilouon and Princess
Tltanla, second choice, moved up. When
the seven and a half furlongs were fin
ished Caldwell had his teeth on the purse,
lllilouon getting the place and Princess
Tltanla the show. .
Rory Ough, with Burns up, broke the
Tanforan two-year-old record over three
furlongs. Instead of -.Sa^the mark will
now read :35Vi. Rory Ough was the fa
vcrite and led all the way. Henry, on
Ogle, coming in, for the place. There
wai a strong, play on Ogle, but the odds
did not materially change. San Lution
got the show at a big price.
Isaline, with Murphy up, won the eevon
furlong race after a clever ride by Mur
phy. Dr. Cave and Maggie Davis fig
ured in the llrst half of the race, but that
was all. Burns steered Redwald. into
port lor the place. "
The slow pace that was set In. the
fourth race, the mile and a quarter event
for four-year-olds and over, was respon
sible for a victory by Free Lance. 15 to 1.
Catastrophe was a 7 -to 10 favorite and
was thought to be the certainty of the
day. Turner, on the winner, took the
lead and was never headed-. "When It came
to the wind-up Free I^ance's sprinting
ability and his position near the rail kept
Catastrophe some distance from the first
money. The best O'Connor could do on
Ln. Borgia was third. s
Our Lizzie, the favorite, piloted ¦ by
Henry, captured the fifth race from a
feld of seven. Doublet got away well at
the start and held the lead until, the rear
turn, when Our Lizzie worked her way
from fourth to 'first position.
Fhoenlssa and Bogus Bill, also in the
rear guard, began to pass the premature
filers. Burns got the place with Phoen
itsa and Slurphy came in for the show.
The fifth race was a three-cornered af
fair over the mile route between Formero,
See up; Andrisa, Daly on top, and Star
Chamber, with O'Connor * in the sa.ddle.
Andrisa got away at the rise of the bar
rier p.nd kept the lead until the turn, when
Star Chamber gathered up speed and
walked In. Formero trailed the full mile.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str; Fin.
2112 Sfr Ch'mber. 4. 101.0'Cn 3 2 6 12 1 1«4
1S21 Andrisa, 4. 96 .Daly 111.24 2 1V4
2120 Formero, 5, 109.. See 2 3 3 3
Time— M. :26; :40?i: %, 1:15; mile. lUlM.
Good Ptart. Won easily. "Second and third
driving. Winner. P. Dunne's b. h. by Imp.
St. Blalse-Soncy Lass. It was an easy thins
for Star Chamber. "Anrtrlsa ..hardly up to a
hard race. Scratched— Florlz'ar IDS.
Betting-Star Chamber. 7-10;" Andrisa, 9-5;
Formero, 6.
2151. SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year
olds and up; purse. $4C0.
215O. FIFTH RACE-SIx furlongs; selling;
threp-year-olds and up;. .purse. $350.
Irdex. Horse. Wt." Jockey. St. *&. Str. Fin
2113 Our. Lizzie. 6. 108. Henry 3 3 2 2 2 1 1 ;
20<>5 PhcenisEa. 4, 103.. Burns 4 4 2 4 1 2 2
2«.S9 Bogus BUI. 4; lOi.Murph 16 5 2 3 3
2078 Doublet, 4. HL.Weddstd 5 1 M 1 h 4 1
1«43 Josephine B, 5. lOS.O'Con 6 5 2 6 5 3
207S Amasa. ,6. 110 Enos 2. 2 i 3h 6
607 Firelight II, 4, 107. Powll Left r ..: ... "J
Time— U. :24; ' H,'. :48; «4, - 1:14." Good rtart.
Vx'on cleverly. Second -and third' driving:.
Winner. W. II. Ketcheraan's b. m. by. Imp.
Cavalier- Vim. Our Lizzie best. Bokup'BUI
closed strong. •.'¦Amasa ftopped. Doublet 'had
Plenty of speed. Phoenlssa ran her xace."
Scratched— Sissenvine 96, Beau Monde 113,
Moonbright 104. Alleviate 10S. Mamie Hildreth
94. Morlnga 110. . . . ¦¦- .
BettinK— Our Lizzie, U-5: . Phoenlssa, 13-5;
Eopas Bill. 20; Doublet. «; Josephine B, 6:
Amasa. 6; Firelight II, 200.
214f>. FOURTH RACE-Mlle and a quarter;
soiling; four-year-olds and up; purs*. $500.
Pridex, Horse, Wt. Jockey., St. hi. Str. Fin.
2126 Free Lniife, a, 119.Turnr 3 1 \' 2 I n 1 U
(2100)Cafstrophe, a. ICit. Henry 4 3 2 2 1 22
2C77 La Borsia. 4, 103.0'Conn 2 4 5 2 3 4
2103 R. del BMos, a. 103.P.rns 1 2 n 4 4
Time— M, :26; H. :53V4; \. I:l»;j; mile. 1:45;
IVim. 2:10. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, W. H. Ketchernan's oh. h. by
ln-,p. Cavaller-I-ady Alice. Free Lance was
allowed to set such a flow pace that he was
enabled to outaprlnt his field the last quar
ter. Bandidos' sulked. Scratched— I^ocochee
109. Vain 108.
netting— Free Lance. 15; Catastrophe, 7,-10;
Ls Borgia. 7; Itey del Eandldos, 5-2.
21 18. THIRD RACE-Seven furlongs; three-'
year-olds and up; purse, $400. •
Irdex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
(U'Wlsaline. 4. 95 Murphy 1 3^11 1 >J
2135 Red wal.1, 4. 1C5... Burns 2 4 5 2h 2 3
m2S}Masr. Davis. 5. lC6.O'Con 5 2 ',4 4 13 2
<2H'l)Dr. Cave, 4, 10S... Henry 4 11 3 h 4 n
21S5 MaeGyle, 4, 97.... Butler 3 .5 5 5
Time-%. :24H: M, :4S',i; %, 1:014; %. i:26Vi.
Good start. Won nm three driving. Winner,
C. Llnd's b. m. * by imp. Clioveden-Rebecca.
I=aline\best. Murphy made his move- a hit
too soon. Redwald closed very strong. Dr.
Cav* -quit. Maseie Davis ran her race.
Rptiinp— Isaline. 11-5; Redwald, H-5; Maggie
Davis. 9-2; Dr. Cave, 7-2; Mac-Gyle, • IS.
2147. SECOXD RA-CE-Three furlongs: sell
ing; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. AVt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(20S7)Rory Ough, 115.. ..Burns 2 1 4 1 IV, 1 IVi
2123 Ogle. Ill Henry 1.2 2 2 3 £5"
2123 San Lut!on. 108 .*Knos 3 3 2 3 1>4 3 ns
(IM.";)L»gal Maxim. HO.O^Con 5 6 3 5 3 4 1
2123 Contestant. 107 Ross 4 4 *£ 4 h 5 8
20*5 Quadra, 100 '...Daly 6 6 3 6 2 62
2119 Yellcwstone, 110.. .Smith 7 7 7. 7
Time— %. :12; %. :35V4. -Good start. Won
r.andUy. Second and thircr driving. „ Winner,
J. Lodge & Co.'s ch. c. by imp. Friar Tuck-
Queen Kapio'.anl. Rory Ouph had too much
ffe^d for the neld. Ogle ran his race. Legal
Maxim slow to get moving; closed strong.
Scratched— Dandy 112. Tibs 10S. Priam- 107, B.
O. Greene 107, Victoria S 107, Pegfry Miles 110,
Ke.«in 103.
Betting-Rory Ouph, 1-2; Ogle, 3; San Lu
ticn. 1C0; Le?ral Maxim.. 7; Contestant, 100;
Quadra, 100; Yellowstone, 300.
TANFOBAN PABK-Monday, ; March
IS, 1901.— Weat her fine. Track fast.
214G. FIRST RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey." St. 4- "Str. Fin.
2091 13. Caldwell, 112.OConnr 14^22 11
1131 lllilouon. 10» Henry 2 3-^ 3 h 2 n
2111 Press Tltanla, 107.Farrll 6 7 5 1 3 2
2088 Birdlp Stone. lOT.Murph 5 ' 12 114 1
"2134 Mai-ey. 103..Wedderstrnd J Cli
1708 La Gorta. 107 See 4 2 >i 6 1 ,6 2
2012 Commuter. 112 Knos 3 oh 7 7
Time— J-16. :07; 3-16, :19U; 9-16, :S5\$; C^f.
1:22. Good . start. Won easily. Second and
th!rd driving-. /Winner, P. Dunne's br. c. by
Imp. EEher-Lady Caroline. -It was easy for
Hensnn. Birdie Stone had plenty of speed, but
Ocgged it badly. lllilouon closed stoutly.
Princess Titenla had no chance with the
rider. • .
netting— Berison Caldwell. 1-2; lllilouon. 20;
I'rincess Tltanla, J6-5; Birdie Stone, 30; Marcy,
30; La Gorta. ICO; Commuter, 1C0.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
: ¦ VThe ¦' Highwayman? .' drew, well r.Iast
night at the Columbia Theater. s Loie Ful-.
ler ', In her. famous ''dances'of Might and
color was" a stellar "attraction.*, Miss; Ful
ler j.' originated 'these 'dances '¦'. and
something i of ; a\ sensation 'With: them, in
Paris after, she had made agreat Buccess
ln'New .York. i , • ,.-— -... :f\~< v "-^
?• Her two new dances,' 'The "ArchaJiffel''
Columbia.
Winfleld Jones, : Buckley Johnstone,, Miss N.
Jackson, C. J. Johnson. <
Mrs. Edgar . Keithley,' Mr. and Mrs. George
Kahn. Mr. . and Mrs. - George Kohn, Charles
Kellus, Miss Rose Keilus.- Addlson Kelly, Ben
jamin E. Kohn, Benjamin J. Kobn.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Lewis, Mrs. W. Lindley,
Miss Lindley, Louis Lesser, Mrs. L. Lowen
berg, Albert I. Lowenberg. Misa Hermolne M.
Lask, Harry J. Lask, : Mrs. • E. Lang*. Mr. and
Mrs. <. "William Lange, Professor Lucchesl Mr.
and Mrs. Joe . Loewe, M. Leaventritt. Elsie
Lillenthal. .
,¦ Mr. and Mrs. Harry Morosco, " Dr. . Malanado
and wife, Mrs. Ella McLeod. ' Mr. i and Mrs. E.
O. McCormlck, Miss Laura Musto, , Miss i Lottie
Musto, Miss Marguerite Musto,' Clarence Musto
• Guldo' Musto, -Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Mayer, . Mr
and Mrs.- II. Michaels. J.lMurphy, Edgar Mills'
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Meyer. Dr. E. E. McLean
Mr. . and Mrs.- Gavin • McNab, • Mr. and Mrs
Leopold Michaels. . ¦ ¦
Dr. L. Newrrlan, Mr.. and Mrs. A. Nichol
burw.-Mrs. J. Neustadter, N. Neustadter. . -
' Bruce Porter, Mr. ; and . Mrs. James , Parker
Mr. and Mrs. Henry ;Payot. Cora Pugh, Miss
Mollle Pratt, Horace G. - Platt, - Dr." and ¦ Mrs
L. Pawllckl. Dr. Casimlr Pawlickl, Ralph Pinl
cua. , 'James D". Phelan, ; Miss Marie Pawllcki-
:¦.-.. ¦ ¦... ,v ¦ . . -.,..-:..
• Mr. and Mrs. Rosenbaum,' Mr. ' and • Mrs. - A
Roos. George A.- Roos, Leon:Roos, Miss Xena
Roberts, Peter* Robertson. , - - - , ¦ : •¦•-..¦ -7
v Mr. 1 and Mrs. Sylvan Solomon; Mr. and Mrs.
Gustav: Sutro, - Mr. ¦ and 'Mrs.- Cornelius ' J Sul
livan. Mrs.: Forbes Swanton, Lothl Slegel.
Miss H.- Simon. Mr. and . Mrs. Charles Simon,
hon. -Charles. W. Slack ; and - wife, . Mr .and
Mrs. Leon Sloss, Ashton Stevens, ; Professor
Ferdinand Stark, Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Stern,
Levl Strauss, v Mr. and Mrs. James . Stewart,
Mrs. D. . D. . Stubbs, Miss • Stubbs. Winifred
T. Stolle.; Mr. and Mrs. -W. B. Shuman, Miss
Gertrude , Shelton. ¦ Miss ¦ Grace Shelton, ¦ Mrs
F. Shricr; Miss Mabel C.Shrier..' S.; J. Shan
non,- Mr.' -and ¦ Mrs. Herman • Shainwald Mr. i
and Mr*.'; J. ' Sherman,- Miss Sherman, > Edward
H.r Sheldon, • Mr. ' and Mrs. : Sbarboro, • Mr. and
Mrs.j-TFrank Bchlw. Dr. ; and Mrt.-. C J.
Schmelr, 8. Saalsburg, Mr. and Mrs. , Sahleln,
Miss . Sahlein. Alnsly, K. *Salz,' Miss Beatrice
Sachs, ; Walter Sachs, Charles Samuels. •
' Miss ; Klla Thall, J. - . B. i -.-: Toplltz. ¦ Martin
Triest. Miss M. Triest, Julian Thorne, Richard
M. Tobln. ¦¦ .... .. : - ¦ • .- . . •
. Mrs. Tj. Van Bergen.
-^Ir. and Mrs. Sylvan /Well, ¦ Robert M. Welch
Dr. Warner," Miss Delia ;. Wells, 1 Mrs. . W. : B.
Wightman. : Dr. ; H. F. . Walter, ' Alban E.* W'rky, :
Mr. and Mrs. -R. ;H." "Warfleld. . Sir.' and : Mrs.
Henry WanRenhelm,, Mrs. J. A. "Watt.
Miss Eva B. r Young. . - ¦' '
- ¦ - ¦ ... ..v -" ¦ •'
Sembrich made her bow "last evening to
a house well filled with a representative
a-dlence. The music' lovers were out In
force, and while" the house did' not wear
its opera. clothes it 'was gay ami brilliant
In ! its : Sunday best.'. There were several
large box parties and scattered in the
auditorium there were many theater par
ties. Among those in the audience were:
Miss Bessie Ames, " "Worthlngton "Ames, Mr.
and Mrs. B. Arnold, Mr. and Mrs. Charles-
Abbott. Mr. and Mrs. : Charles Ackerman.
Sam C. Benson. Miss A. Benson.' Alice Bown,.
Mason Bown, Mr. and Mrs. LouiR H. Bishop,
Mr. and Mrs. William Barren, Mr. and Mr?.
H. M. Bosworth, Mrs. C. B. Brown. Gerald
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Birmingham, . Emir Bar
rangan. Sidney Baehman, Cbjef Justice Beatty,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Bouvl*. Henry Branden
stein,. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Boyle, Mies
Nina Boyle, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Baldwin,
Colonel Beck, Mr. and Mrs. Everett N. Bee.
¦ Samuel Caro, Mr. and Mrs. Conrad, Dr. and
Mrs. Ii. Cohn, • Armand Cailleau. Mr. and
Mrs. Clayburg, James K. Cosgrave, Mlt.s
Millie Cosgrave, Judge Cole, Morton L. Cooke,
"Walter Chenoweth.
William Dargle, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Dlnkel
pplel. Miss Salina Danncnbaum. H. M. Dandy,
Mr. and Mr*. J. Dutton, Miss I.ol.i Davis, Mrs.
Grace Plckman, Edward Dubedat, Miss Polly
Dunn, Mrs. Daniels.
Mrs. Francis Ertserton, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Everett, Mr. and Mrs. Stdney Ehrman. Mr. and
Mrs. M. Ehrman, Miss E»foergr, Milton Esberg,
Mrs. M. Esberg. • \ ¦¦¦-.¦ •
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Flchter, Ossie Franks,
P. I. Fisher. Mr. and Mrs. Folsom, Mrs. A.
Fletse. Richard Jose Ferrer, Miss Emilie Fer
rer. Miss Ii. Friedman, : Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Fichter, Mr. McFarlane, Miss Hattle Fergu
son. Miss Jessie Fillmore, Miss Fisher.
Dr. L. Greenebaum, - 1. Greenebaum, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Gunst, Ernest Godchaux. William
Qreenebaum, Mt.and Mrs. Charles Green, Mr.
and Mrs. John Gallagher, J. Guggenheim, Mr.
and Mrs. Marcus Genstle, Professor and Mrs,
Genns., Porter Garnett, Jacob Gottlob, J. Ging.
Mr.' and Mrs. Cy Gunst.
: Bert Itecht, Mr. and Mrs. E. S.' Heller, Mr.
and Mrs. I.- W. Hellman Sr., Mr. and Mrs. I.
\V. Hellman Jr., Louis Haas, Mr. and Mrs. R.
Hochstpdter, William . Greer Harrison, Sir
Henry Heyman. Dr. Emily Q.« Harrison.: Miss
Hooper, Mr, Hooper, Mr. and Mrs. E. Hueter,
Mr.- and Mrs. M. Hecht, * Fred Hotaline. Mr.
Houseman, Colonel M. Hecht, ¦ Mr. and Mrs.
Horace L. Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Howard Hurl
burt, J. J. - Hoagr, Miss Vernie Harrison, Miss
Geraldlne Harrison, ¦ Miss • May . Hammett,
MUSIC LOVERS CROWD HOUSE.
Erilliant Representative Audienta
Welcomes Madams Sembrich.
IT was like the Grau days over again
at the Grand Opera-house last night,
- with the Sembrich Opera Company In
'.'The Barber of Seville" for pro
gramme. The house was Ideal from
the box office standpoint and immediately
sympathetic. r Audience and singers were
en! rapport from the first note to the t last
and the merry old opera was thus heard
under unusually happy conditions.'- .It
was indeed" an unwontedly enthusiastic
crowd, pleased with everything/from the
Sembrich warbllngs to the artless comedy
that' delighted its . ancestors' in: the long
ago. San Francisco has' evidently decided
to accept Mme. Sembrich and all that | is
hers, and the town gave her hands. and
heart last night in a fashion very foreign
.to the usual ; first-night audience of *. the
Athens of , the Pacific. And 'It is not so
wonderful after all. The star herself is
a fascinating personality, gloriously
voiced, and with a very sufficient dramatic
sense. Her support is much : above the
average setting of an operatic ,star and
her audience was very well educated In all
that a good little," audience should know
by Mr. Grau, some three or four months.
ago. Voila tout! ;?/
Sembrich Is delightful. That- she was
able to hold her own against the splendid
memories of Melba and the comparisons
instituted by the old-timers between her
and Patti denotes no mean triumph for
this latest of the great sopranos to come
among us. A rich, warm; full-bloode(j
voice she has; exquisitely sympathetic
and flexible and used- with the finest in
telligence. It has not the absolute purity
and pellucid quality of Melba's voice, but
its warmth, color and velvety richness
perhaps fully compensate. Her Roslna is
a charming conception, bli.the and coquet
tish, and she almost persuades to a belief
in the inherent vitality of the part.. In
the famous "singing lesson" the spontane
ous applause of the "evening reached its
height. ». As an encore the singer gave the
"Sonnambula" rondo,, then an altogether
charming . rendering of "The Maiden's
"Wish" of Ghopln. The latter sons was
given * in Polish, and- Mme. Sembrich
played .her own accompaniment in de
lightfully artistic fashion. This naturally
drew- another encore, to ¦which she re
sponded witlV a little German lied of Rles.
The Figaro' of the evening,. Signor Ben
saude, was adequate, but not astonishing,
neither«extraordlnary from the vocal nor
dramatic standpoint. His voice. is pleas
ing in quality and rather light. Signor
de Lara, who did the Alma viva, has a
very pleasing light tenor voice, sweet in
tomvbut not alwayd true to pitch. Signor
Rossi was an excellent Bartolo, droll and
fatuously self-satisfied aa the Gil Bias
figure of the guardian is meant to be and
vocally satisfactory. The basso, Signor
Dado; who. in- spite of. his. name is very
much more than a wallllower, has an ad
mirable voice, big, round and impressive,
and he was fully alive to all the comedy
possibilities of his part.
The chorus, of which of course only the
male contingent was represented last
evening, has a satisfying volume of voice,
but was not always rhythmically "there."
Tho orchestra was cleverly handled by
Signor Bevlgnani. but was a little too
loud In places, more especially in the
strings, ffo-morrow evening "Lf» Trav
iata" will' be given, with Mme. Sembrich
as Violetta.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SEMBRICH SINGS IN "BARBER OF SEVILLE"
TO AN AUDIENCE THAT FILLS OPERA-HOUSE
Listeners and Singers Are/En Rapport- From First to Last and From Enthu
siasm of the Crowd x It Is Evident That San Francisco Has Decided
to Accept Cordially the Diva and Her Excellent Company, of Artists
pany is not first class even for a melo
drama and there is nothing unusual In tha
plou The climaxes of the four acts are
respectively "murder." '¦arrest/' '"electro
cution." "retribution." virtue triumphing
over vice. The specialties Introduced by
Frank Weed. Lillie Hall. Belle Darling,
the Bowery product, and Joseph P. Carey
are good.
Fischer's Concert Hous*.
Lillian Jeanette ajid her trained eocfci*
toos gave an Interesting act at Fischer's
Concert-house Ia3t night. Ctiarlea W. Co
gill kept the' packed house In excellent
humor, while the singing of Olive Vail, a
pleaslnsr soprano, and the popular Fiechtl
Tyrolean troupe Was applauded to the
echo. Chester, an extraordinary hand bal
ancer; Trixeda. a contortion dancer, and
B. A. Bentley, a novelty musician, wera
other features on an Interesting pro
gramme.
The Andersons, colored vaudeville stars,
late of the Orpheum. scored a big hit
with their cakewalks, coon songs and
dances. The Malvern family of acrobats
introduced many new and difficult feats
in their line. Baroness von Tllse has a
sweet and sympathetic voice and sang
several popular son<s in a pleasing man
ner. Other good numbers are George
Austin Moore In dialect songa and tho
Kelcey Sisters " in new dances and new
moving pictures.
Central.
The performance of "The Colleen Bawn"
at the Central Theater last night met
with the approval of a large audience.
James M. Ward was 'nimitable in his por
trayal of the Irish character, and tfca
clever acting of Margaret Marshall wa*
heartily applauded. . The piece was weil
staged, the scenery being especially fln««.
It is evident the house will enjoy a
profitable week.
Mme. Carreno's Farewell.
Mme. Teresa Carreno, whose wonderful
piano work delighted three large audi
ences In this city last week, will return
from Los Angeles and on Friday night at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall will give a
farewell popular recital.
Olympia.
The Olympia ' has this week a great
vaudeville show. The Koebers are gym
nasts whose skill, grace and daring would
bring them recognition anywhere. The
rest of the programme is good.
POSTAL CLERK JACKSON"
FACES EXTORTION" CHARGE
Frank C. Jackson, a postofT.ee clerk, waa
yesterday arrested on a warrant Issued on
complaint of Edward W. Currier, a de
signer and Illustrator, with a studio at
36 Geary street. Jackson la charged with
an attempt at extortion. Jackson gavs
bail in the sum of $500 In Judge Frltz"a
department of the Police Court."
Difficulties between Currier and his di
vorced wife. Eunice, who occupies the
same dwelling with Jackson In Alamed»,
are primarily responsible for the threaten
ing letter which Jackson admits having
mailed to Currier on February 25 last.
The Ietteo written by Jackson to Cur
rier, which forms tha basis of the present
complaint, is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 25. 1901.
E. "W. Carrier. M G«ary street— Sir: I have
obtained Information from a reliable party and
have arranged to obtain records or a copy of
iecord» of an Institution In the State of Illinois
concerning; a period of your lite which. If
placed before the public, will prove v«ry hu
miliating, to you and place you before the pub
lic of Saa Francisco and Alan.eda In your true
U«ht.
If you wish to meet me to-day at 1-30 p. m.
In the narrow-gauge ferry building:, a few min
utes' quiet talk will explain the matter to you
much better than writing'. If you do not meet
me as suggested, matters must take their
course and no atone will be left unturned to
lay your history before the public in Its trua
llffht. F. C. JACKSON.
If you should be oat. call me up by telephone
Main 263 as soon as you return.
After his arrest yesterday Jackson ad
mitted the authorship of the above let
ter, but declared ho had no intention of
trying to extort money from Currier. He
said while he knew nothing. of his own
knowledge concerning Currier's previous
history, which he proposed In his letter
to disclose, he had been informed by
other ' persons that the designer at one
time had bad the misfortune to be con
fined in an Eastern sanitarium, and it waa
this humiliating fact that he proposed to
make public unless Currier desisted In hi*
visits to see his own children, a privilege
he had enloyed since 1S96 until assaulted
by Jackson and prevented by force from
calling at their home.
4
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 19,1901.
at the California last evening. There
was . all the fun ' that the house
could hold, and the audience lauched un
til it could laugh no more. Hermson, Le
hay. Burrows, Dougla3, Mabel Hlte, John
Magee, Jeanne Bernard, Ber£ de Ruelle
and Margie Ford made the most of the
funny situations in which the musical
farce abounds, repeating the decided suc
cesses 'of preceding evenings. Every
one should see. -hear and enjoy the."Tele
phone Girl." It will be, on throtjjehout the
week, the last of the season. ;
Alhambra.
" The "Angel of the Alley" was repeated
at the Alhambra Theater last night.
There was a slim attendance. The com-
Off 0UR NEW DEPARTMENT. §
( ff With us honesty in adverti^inj? means «l
M f. suc . cess - W r c . do not advertise anything ,»
gm • that is not of interest to the public. Our M
ii reputation, so arduously won, will" nor H
1 H he jeopardized by fictitious advertising B
S fn «T u T e shoes that excel B
H a"} $3-50 shoe in the world (for men V H
m and wcrnen) it is a hot. -We can back'it B
m up. and will. Every dishonest adver- U
m ttscrwho has published dishonest facts ffl
m has just done that much harm for' his * MB
SM tuture. Ours are honest methods— ours MS
y*L ar « honest values. M8f Jk
hXJk ' Our interests are : ;V J& U i
tfV^ your interests. No J& (\Y
OrV^W branch stores.
Men
•^^^"iO?- lIlKeajivy SV
next door fo WKife Adi/ae"
& hurt your feet, the material, al-^^
S though cotton, is of good quality, T
|> the colors are durable and the. dye
7S will stay in the hose, no matter %
A ho^v hard a laundry tries i to . get it yT
3 out. u O
fe To be sure there is nothing new
S in buying three pairs of hose for <^
y: two bits, but there is something in y/
w getting three pairs of hose as good -^
as these for twenty-five cents. /p
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. -C
¦^ \ 7i8 Market Street.Auckland— Mrs. Douglas and four children.
Miss E. Elliot, Mr. and Mrs. J. Reekie and
eon, 5Jr. and Mrs. Deckett and child, J. Trol
ley, Mr. and Miss Harrison. C. Harris.
Pago-Paso— H. C. Rice, Rev. and Mrt.
Newell and child.
Sydney— R. Xlsh. A. E. Co>, E. H. Trael
fell. Miss Andrews, Miss Carter. J. Mathals.
D. Goodman, Miss Goodman. Mrs. F. J. Ta.lt
and child. A. Hodson. W. Mclntosh, V\\ Per
kins, Miss M. Drew, Miss A. Cavill. J. - D.
Smith. Mr and Mrs. H. Neville, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Frelchel.
SECOXD CABIN.
man. Colonel G. Stone, H. Barnes. M.
O'Shaughnessy, C. E- lanes, Mrs. and Miss
Miner, Miss Crocker Mrs. Brlgga, Mr.
Houtz. Mr. Van Bergen. S. T. Berry, Mr.
Ferguson and Mr. and Mrs. West.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur al
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five m<nutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
TUESDAY, MARCH IX
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are siven In the. left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time oi
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but threw
tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
gl v en by th* charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean o" the. lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
Honolulu — Mr. and Mra. Goodfellow, K. R.
Porter, Mr. and Mrs. Dearborn and two child
ren, G. Dearborn, Miss Callum, Mrs. Corey, :
Mrs. PJxfcrd, W. Corey. H. Corey, H.H.
Bcovel, Mrs. Lewis, Miss Holland. Mr. and
Mrs. F. R. Da. vies. Mr. end Mrs. G. L. Ed
v.-strds and child. Miss Coleman, G. Towney,
Miss M. Dyer. E. D. Page. D. Lawrence. Mr.
and Mr». Glade and four children, . W. R.
C**tle. D. M. Collins. C. Kaiser. A. S. Trib
ble. O. Jf. Reynolds. Dr. Sterlinsr,' F. L
Devlin. It- L. Moore. J. Olenn. J. D'. McXCen
rl«, Mrs. Daniels, Mies Marsh, P. ~F. Koenke,
Miss McTisrue, Mrs. Moorehouse. Mr. Water
house, J. T. McGraw, Eev. and Mrs. Chap
mu, Mr. and Mra. L. Canr.»'l. Mr.. Mrs. and
Miss Voertle. Mrs. Eiwrjties. J, H. Smith.
j ;. J^a.phajn. Mr. Bestln, Mr. and Mrs. Barnes.
A. E. Kals<?r, D. Smiley, Mr. and Mrs. Cot
ton, Mr. and Mr*. \Y. Hampton. Mr. and Mrs.
J. O. Allen. Mis* JLekerman, C. B. Wern»r. J.
Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Miller. ¦ E. Bull.
Mn. V.*. C. Read, Mrn. L. H. Burns. S. Euss-
II. Eraith end F. II. Cherry.
Auckland— Mr. and Mrs. A. Johnston, Cap
tain Porter. A. Benedict. F. H. Beaton. E.
"VVaJther. A. Harvey. Miss Madnlty. H. Mc-
Xezizle, F. Nicholas. W*. McNeil. L. Jackson.
Mrs. F. Medlet, Mr. Bunting;, G. Turnbuil
tnd G. Chad wick.
Paso-P&so— Miss M. Moors and Misa XL
Moors.
'.'>¦ Clarke, Lady Clarke and maid; Mr. and
Mra. G. Haray, curse and child; T. C. Duvez,
Mrs. Daiies and two children. Mrs. Butler,- A.
Peaxs and valet, A. WaJes. Lieutenant Gren
fell. CaptaJa Sir Frederick Bathunst. H. Xich
olaa, F. r. Hoilord, G. G. Castell, H. H.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
noma arrived from Sydney, N. S. \Y\, via
Auckland, Paso Pago and Honolulu, yes
terday, making the run from the latter
port in five days 11 hours 22 minutes.
Chief Engineer A. D. Little and First As
sistant S. H. Church are very proud of
their vessel, as she holds the record be
tween here and Sydney. She beat the Un
ion Steamship Company's crack flier Ma
raroa from Auckland to Sydney, at the
tame time establishing a new record for
tlie run.
When the Sonoma reached Auckland, X.
7... she found the Mararoa waiting for
her. She had been delayed twenty-four
hours ani during the wait picked coal was
put aboard and five extra firemen en
gagred. The Mararoa was just off the dry
t'ock. while the Sonoma was on Hunters
Point before leaving- Sail Francisco. At
midnight on February 12 the Mararoa got
away and 5 a. m. on the 13th the So
noma followed her. At 7 a. m. on the 16th
the Mararoa. passed in through Sydney
heads and at S:4i a. m. tne Sonoma fol
lowed her again, thus winning the race
by 3 hours 15 minutes. In order to do it
the Sonoma had to do better than seven
teen and a half knots an hour during- the
entire distance, her best run being: 435
knots in twenty-four hours. The crew of
the Sonoma say that more than $50,000
changed hands on the rate and there is
rot a man aboard who did not win a bet.
Purser G. A. Hodpson, who knew better
than anybody aboard just what the Ma
raroa could do, won a dczen hats by va
rious bets.
The Sonoma brought up 144 cabin pas
eens-ers and £? second cabin passengers,
besides O la the steeraee. Those who
came up in the first and second cables
are:
SALOOX.
Bj-«ney— S. D. Rose. Major General Sir Stan-
Crack Steamship Mararoa.
THE sailing of transports and ar
rival of mail steamers made the
front lively yesterday. Cavalry
men and infantry hobnobbed on
the transport wharf, while women
in large numbers were down to bid the
soldiers a 'ast farewell.
The transport Meade was the first to
leave the wharf. She had aboard the
headquarters and two sc.uadrons of the
Fifth and two troops of the Fifteenth
Cavalry. She anchored in the stream
about 1 p. m. It was an hour later be
fore the Pennsylvania got away. The lat
ter transport, has on. board seven com
panies cf the Tenth Infantry and one
stowaway.
The list of those who went away on the
Meade Is as follows:
Brigadier General W. Ludlow. Brigadier
General James F. Wade, six officers and
1S9 men cf the Fifteenth Cavalry, seven
teen cScers and 713 men of the Fifth Cav
alry, twenty-eight recruits, one man of
the Twenty-first Infantry, who missed the
Indiana; five non-commissioned officers,
fifteen female civilians, three male civil
ians and nine children. The women ore
nearly all wives of officers who are going
to Manila to Join their husbands.
The Indiana took away ten officers and
£63 men of the Tenth Infantry, two acting
assistant surgeons, seven female civilians,
five male civilians, three children and two
stowaways. Of the female civilians, three
are the wives of officers now in the Philip
pines, three are soldiers' wives and one is
an army nurse. The three soldiers' wives
are all Cuban women and were married
to their husbands in Havana. One of the
trio is Mrs. Dusenbery-Hayes, the woman
whose bugler husband stowed her away
on tbe Indiana. When the circumstances
of her case were laid before General Shat
ter he issued a permit for all the Cuban
women to take passage on the Pennsyl
vania. The latter is a faster boat than
the Indiana and the chances are that Mrs.
Hayes will meet her husband in Hono
lulu.
After an examination by the authorities
the three boys found on the transports
were allowed to ci to Manila with the
troops, as three of the officers claimed
them as servants. Oscar Osdumas came
from Cuba with the Tenth Infantry. He
is 10 years of age and said to be well con
nected in Havana. lie was taken ashore,
much to the di^pust of Captain Purcell of
Companv I. Frank Torres and Joseph
Palmer came from Porto Rico with the
Filth Cavalry. Each lad is about 14 years
old, and when two officers claimed them
as servants thev were allowed to go
aboard the Mcade again with their bag
gage. m
SECORD-BREAKEB ARRIVES.
Oceanic Company's Sonoma Beats
Henry La Blanche, the restaurant keep
er on Stockton street, charged with as
sault to murder for shooting his wife Klt-i
ty in a lodging-house on Second street on
July 2 of last year, was acquitted by a
jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday. Tha
jury whs out only live minutes.
La Blanche Is Acquitted.
Thorsteln Thowaldsen. -who lives in ths
"Winchester House, swore to a complaint
In Judge Cabaniss* court j'Mterday for
the arrest of Mrs. Fannie Brown on a
charge of felony embezzlement. He said
he was desirous of purchasing an interest
in a lodging-house, and as he could not
attend to the business himself he gave.
Mrs. Brown $100 on November 10. 1S99. to
pay the purchase price. He has not seen'
her since. . - .
Lodging-House Deal.
Max Schiffer, who la touring the world
on a bicycle In the Interest of a German
publishing firm, arrived In the city on Sat
urday. He is looking for a chance to cross
the Pacific Ocean. Besides this, he neerts
a new wheel before traversing the Orient.
He does not accept money, he says, but
la willing to work hia passage In any ca
pacity that will insure him enough to eat
and a place to sleep. He has been two
years and a half on the road.
Wheeling Tourist Without Honey.
The father and son swore that the son
had no knowledge of what his father
was doing, Emmet being at work every
day as a baker.
William Benton Fritch -was caught in
the act of filing counterfeit $10-p!eces in
his room on Stevenson street on Decem
ber 13 of last year by Secret Service
Agent Hazen and Operator Moffltt. His
son. Emmet Benton Fritch. aged 13 years,
came in a few minutes later and was .ilso
arrested. On the trial Judge de Haren
ruled that as the $10-pieces had not been
gilded they would not deceive anybody
and that no conviction could be had on
the charge of having counterfeit money la
possession. The trial therefore pro
ceeded on the court's charging th© prison
ers with having in possession molds and
tools for the making of counterfeit
money.
The trial of "William Benton Fritch and •
Emmet Benton Fritch. his son. for coun
terfeiting, came to and end ye3terday
afternoon In the United States DUtrict
Court. Judge de Haven will charge th«;
Jury this morning.
Young Son.
COUNTERFEITING CASE
GOES TO THE JURY
Old Man Frltch Admits His Guilt,
but • Would Save His
¦Arrived March 18— Schr Guide.' hence Mch 9
V PORT s. LOS rANGELES-Sailed. March IS—
Stmr' Mineola., for: Nanalmo: y
EUREKA— Arrived -March IS— Stmr Eureka,
hence ¦ March 17; "" stmr Pasadena, from:, San
Pedro: stmr Westport, -hence March IS
Sailed March IS— Stmr Aberdeen. , for San
Francisco.'. - ' * Tn^<¥jrTOW^?BBWilW^i rftogf
NEAH KAY— Passed . in March IS— Stmrs
\Vn*hteraw, , Czarina .and' Progreso. r hence
I.l.iirh 15. ••-. ..i - • ' ¦ ;¦:¦ --„--. \ . -. j. ;
: . rasseU out : March ; IS— Stmr ' Santa • Ana, ¦ for
PORT TOWNSEND- Passed in March 18-^
Schr-: Commerce, from Cowhlcan.
Sailed ' March- 18— Br ship Drumburton, for
Alroa Bay. ¦ . , •. ¦
COQUIL.LE , RIVER— Sailed March 18— Stmr
Arjro, for : San ' Francisco. ... -- . . , ,, .
- TILLAMOOK— Sailed March 18— Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco. ¦ ¦ f^tstmmaifaaifrjrwsmi ¦
COOS : BAY-Salled March 18-Schr James
Bennett, for San ' Francisco. ¦¦
TACOMA— Arrived March 18— Bark Gatherer,
hence March 6,. - - - - .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 18— Br stmr
Belgian-King, from Hongkong.
SEATTLE— Arrived March, 17— US stmr Co
lumbine. : ' -. ¦¦
Sailed: March 17— Stmr. Santa Ana. for Hono
lulu. -- ¦¦ty.i'it.' fiiu»f
SAN i PEDRO— Sailed March s IS— Schr Zampa,
for Umpqua;. stmr Luella, for — — . -.
GRAYS HAIIBOR— Sailed March 18-Schr W
F . Jew»tt. • for. San Pedro; _ schr WeWoot, ? for
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS,': March 18, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind , NW, velocity 6 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr . Willamette, - previously reported ashore
on Denman Island.': is making water. . Vessel
will: have to lightened. :¦; -
MISCELLANEOUS.
Feb '27. lat 29 S, Ion 30 W— Fr bark Europe,
from . Oregon, for Queenstown. -
SPOKEN,
?-^N-» ¦•¦'¦¦-¦-¦ 7 .'-'¦¦ ¦•' Monday. March -IS.
Stmr : Newport, Saunders, Panama and way
ports. . . '.
US stmr. Pennsylvania, Roberta, Manila and
Honolulu. ¦ - :
-U S stmr Meade; Wilson," Manila and Hono
lulu. "•¦-. - >
•¦ - Br ship Ditton, Davis, Queenstown. '
Bark Amy Turner. Warland, Hllo.
Bark Albert. Griffith. Honolulu.
Schr Del Norte,' Jacobson, Rogue River.
BAILED.
¦ Stmr Geo -W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad 4Nav Co.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall, Labasha
Bay: Alaska Packers' Association. ¦
Br ship Duchalburn,- Forbes, Queenstown:
O W'McNear.
•Bark Albert, Griffith. Honolulu; Williams.
Dlmond & Co. -
Bark Amy Turner, "Warland, Hllo; Welch &
Co.
Monday. March 18.
Stmr Bonlta. Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
.. Stmr Newpprt, Saunders, Panama and 1 way
ports; Pacific Mall SS Co.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Roberts, Manila: U S
CLEARED.
Sunday, March 17.
Stmr Bonlta, Xopander, -from Xewport and
way ports.
Chll stmr Tucapel, Moffltt, 89 daya from
Valparaiso, via Mazatlan & days.
. Monday, March IS.
Btmr Sonoma, Von Otcrendorp. 20 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days.
Stmr National City, Dsttmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival, Johnton, 78 houri from "Wlllapa
Harbor. ¦ .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, SS hours front
Ventura. '
Stmr Rainier, Hanson, 43 . hours from San
Pedro. ' •
Stmr Baracouta, Robinson. 23 days 11 hours
from Panama, via Acapulco 9 .days. .
Btmr Umatllla, Cousins. 66 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
1 Etmr Lakme, Bchage, 52 hours from Ven
tura.
• Stmr Matteawan. Croseup. 4 days 23 hours
from Tacoma, via Neah 4 day* 6 hours.
Stmr Robert Dollar, KUefsen, 8 days from
Port Hafllock.
Br ship Drummulr, Armstrong, 91 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr I^aura May, Johnson, ¦ 11 days from
Graj-s Harbor.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 4 days from Eu
reka.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
manifested and destined aa follows: .For Cen
tral America, J28.950; for Mexico. $8S08; for
Panama. J3516; total value, $41,274. The prin
cipal' exports were as follows:
' For Central America— l.' bxs aoples. 60 csks
bottled beer, 635 cs coal oil, 33 pkgs dry goods,
45S3 bbls flour. .79 pkgs crocerle* and provisions.
12 cs hardware. 37.667 ft lumber. 6 bales leather.
10.000 lbs malt, 27 kegs nails, 6 crs onions. 3
cs oil, 493 crs potatoes, 12 cs paint, 10 bales
paper, 10 cs paste, 82.950 Its rice, 10 bdls spices,
600 bales salt, 10 cs table oil, 12,477 lbs tallow,
30 cs tar. 104 cs whisky, 30 gals whole oil. 61
cs 350 rals wine.
For Mexico — 650 bdl* ' shooks, ' 67 pkgs ma
chinery. 16 bdls boiler tubes, 35,339 lbs soda,
48,658 lbs tallow, 20 k»g» spikes, 12 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 454 cals wine, 9000 ft lum
ber. 20 cs drugs, 242 bars 23 bdls Bteel, 25 flasks
quicksilver, 17 bdls' shovels.
For Panama— 425 bbls flour, 100 crs potatoes,
50 crs garlic, 6000 gals wine. ¦ In transit— 38 cs
silk, 25,000 lbs coffee; value $1500.
Departure of the Newport.
oil. 21£ bxs oranges, 16 cs printing ink, 123 bxs
paste. 25 -flasks quicksilver, 106 bxs raisins.
404.500 His salt, 35 cs table -oil. 204 bxs vege
tables, (33 gals wine, 24 r-kfts windmill.
the transport wharf. She will sail for the
Philippines next week.
The Oceanic Company's Australia went
on the drydock yesterday. She is very
foul and that in a measure is accountable
for her long run from Tahiti. She will
sail for Papeete next Thursday.
M. It. J. Downey, late mate of the
Spreckels tug Relief, has been made cap
tain of the fishing tug Christopher Co
lumbus. Alfred LeiRhton has been mad«
master of the steamer Sampson and
George M. Hedges master of the schooner
Natalia. ,
The steamer Robert Dollar arrived In
tow of the collier Matteawan yesterday.
The Dollar lost her propeller when ten
miles south of Flattery and had to put
back to Neah Bay .under sail. There the
Matteawan picked her up and towed her
to this port.
Mrs. Mary Calkins fell down the iron
steps in the ferry depot yesterday and
had her forehead badly lacerated. She
was treated at the Harbor Hospital and
later went to her home at Fourteenth and
Folsom streets.
Jerry Hurney fell down the hold of the
ship Merioneth and E. Doyle, a bos*
longshoreman, fell down the hold of a
ship at Hathaways wharf yesterday.
Both men -were attended at the Harbor
Hospital by Drs. Von der Lieth and
Bauer. Hurney has a fractured spine and
is partially paralyzed, while Doyle dis
located his right .shoulder blade- and
sprained his right ankle.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Ferd Fisher will load wheat at Portland
for Europe, 43s Sd, prior to arrival: the Al
vena, . lumber at Tacoma for Hllo ¦ and Ma
hukona; the Falls of Clyde, merchandise, for
Hilo; tbe Helene, • merchandise for Honolulu;
the Honoipu, lumber at Port Gamble for
Launceston, 62s 6d, prior to arrival: the Thistle,
wheat at Portland for Europe. 42s 6d. prior to
arrival.
Shipment of Grain.
The British ship Duchalburn cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders -with 15,138 ctls
•wheat valued at J15.100, 55.642 ctls barley valued
at {47,300 and 25,C0O ft lumber as dunnage
valued at {375.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer WaJla "Walla sailed Sunday for
Victoria with a cargo valued at $14,292, In
cluding the following: 3 cs assaying materials,
3 cyls ammonia. 31 era bicycles and sundries,
4S30 lbs butter. 2837 lbs bone ash. 61 cs assorted
butter and cheese. 275 cs canned goods, 1 1600
rbs chocolate, 1770 lt*s coffee. 9810 n>s dried
fruit, 42 bxs fruit, 279 cs hardware, 5 cyls gas,
37 pkgs groceries and provisions, 86 bxs lemons.
19 pkgs machinery, 53.E15 lbs malt. 6490 lbs
znlllstufTs, 239S lbs nuts, 10 cs olives, 12 bbls
Francisco. He fights at 145 pounds.
Johns is accompanied by, Alf Stonehouse,
his trainer.
Mail Steamer Tucapel Arrives.
The other mail steamer that arrived .was
the Companla Sud Americana de Vapores'
Tucapel from South and Central Ameri
can ports. The Tucapel is almost a new
ship and the best equipped of all the com
pany's fleet. Her staterooms are luxur.'
ous and contain all the modern comforts.
She is classed as a fifteen-knot vessel, but
her engineer say^ she can make seven
teen knots In an emergency. Captain
Moffett is her commander and nearly all
her officers are Englishmen.
The Tucapel brought up the following
named cabin passengers:
From Valparaiso— W. A. Blackhouse, Jose
Alvares Net and Koman Batello.
Callao — George L. Busk. ¦ •
Panama— Peter Krampf and M. W'orthlng
ton and wtfe.
Punta Arenas— Michael McDonald, William
McDonald and Frank Fox.
Amapala — Edwin Brooks.
Guatemala— Simon Cohen, Max Gllder
melBter.
Mazatlan— Herman Murphy.
Hope for the South. Portland.
It now begins to look as if the South
Portland would at last be raised and put
into commission again. Sunday night
enough water -was pumped out to bring
her almost on an even keel. It was then
fouid that the pumps were not low
enough to draw oft the water, so they had
to be taken down and the suction pipe
lowered. Should the steamer sink agam
while this Is being- done she will make a
new bed for herself and the work of raid
ing again will be easy. By noon to-day
Captain Whitelaw expects to have her
dear of -water and she will then go to the
iron -works for an overhauling.
Eeinsurance Fluctuates.
Th© British 6hlp Ardnarnurchan Is now
out 105 days from the Frazer River for
Liverpool and the rate of reinsurance has
taken another change, i "When the news
cam© months ago about cases of canned
salmon being cast tip on tho Oregon
beach 15 per cent was paid on the Ardna
murchan. ' Then some of the cases were
Identified as part of that vessel's cargo
and the rate went to 65 per cent. Some
leassuring information was received and
the rate dropped to 50 per cent, only, to
again creep up to 60 per cent as the days
¦went by. Now another change has coma
over the situation and yesterday the rate
¦was back again to 50 per cent. *
The John McDonald, from Baltimore for
San Francisco. Is still at GO per cent, and
the Khorasan, from Tampa for Yoko •
hama, 30 per cent.
Water Front Notes.
The transport Hancock came off Hunt
ers Point drydock yesterday and, went to
THE BIG TRANSPORTS JIEADE AND PENNSYLVANIA DEPARTING FOR THE PHILIPPINES WITH MORE^
THAN 1S00 CAVALRY AND INFANTRY MEN TO REPLACE THE VOLUNTEERS. THREE BOY STOWAWAYS
WERE ALLOWED TO GO ALOXG AS OFFICERS' SERVANTS. v">3
-The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly. noon to-day—
l.\w., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at *
o'clock-p. m.. Greenwich time. n MMflH
C. O.< CALKINS.
. ' Lieutenant Commamlcf, U. S.' N., in charge.
• , - » • " ;.;
Sun, Moon* and Tide.
United ; ' States ¦ Coast ¦ and . Geodetic Survey—
, Times and Heights of Hlgrh and -I.o*
Waters at -Fort-" Point,' entrance to Sai.
Tiine Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N., • Mer
- -chants'''; Exchange, « San* Francisco, =Cal.,
March 18. l«oi;
" IQUIQUI— * In port Feb 2— Br ship Stronsa. for
CARFUZAL^Sailea Jan 29-Br bark County
of Pembroke, for Astoria. ¦ .
HONGKONG-^In port March fr— Br bark
Madagascar, for Astoria. ¦ _ • ¦ _ . '
NEWCASTLE, Au»- Sailed Feb 20— Br. balk
Highlands, for Honolulu. , Feb 21— Schr Katlua.
for Honolulu; Br ship Arracan. for San Fran
cisco- schr J M Colman, for Honolpu. Feb 22—
Bark Palmyra, for Honolulu.
In port Feb 26 — Schr Admiral, for Honolulu;
bark Alex McNeil.- for . Honolulu: Br. ship
¦Balclutha, for San Francisco: Br bark Bat
tle \bbey, for Honolulu: schr Honolulu, for
Honolulu; bktn J L 1 Evlston. for Honolulu:
ship J.-B Thomas, for -Honolulu; bark Louis
iana, for Honolulu; ship Marlon Chilcott. for
Honolulu; Fr bark Noemt, for San Francisco;
Ital bark Pasquale Lauro. for Honolulu; schr
Robert Searles. for* Honolulu: bark Bnow
Burgess, for Honolulu: Br. ship Texteth. for
San Francisco: rehr WJI Talbot. for Hono
lulu-'schr \Vm Bowden. • for Honolulu.:
In port Feb 26— Br bark "Woolahra, for Hono
lulu •
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 13-Shlp Ha
waiian Isle*, f rom . Chemalnua. Feb 4 — Ship
Republic, from Chemalnus.
¦ PORT i PIHIE— Arrived : Feb 13— Br ship City
of Hankow, from PUget Sound.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Jan. 31-Bktn Ruth,
from- Eureka. Dec 24— Br bark Sussex, from
Port • Ludlow. Dec ; 11— Br ; bark Thistle, from
Pu"et Sound. .:¦•¦..-- ¦¦ . ¦
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 4—Schr Ariel.- from
Tacoma; schr Columbia, from Tacoma. Jan
'4— Bark Corynhene. from Port Hadlock. Jan
17— Ship Great Admiral, from Chemalnus. Jan
19— Schr . H ¦ D Bendixen, from Port Blakeley;
Bchr Minnie. A Calne, from Tacoma,
CALLAO— Arrived ': March - IS— Schr Forest
Home,' from i Port Gamble. .
, OCEAN STEAMERS."
- • GIBRALTAR — Arrived ' March 18 — Stmr Ho
henzollern, f rom New York, : for Naples, and
proceeded. ' •*_' 1 __,' "."•'¦ '_
Sailed March 18— Stmr Werra, from Genoa,
for New. York.
> -HONGKONG — Sailed '-March . 17— Stmr • Brae
mar, 'for -Yokohama and Tacoma.
»¦ NEW YORK — Sailed i March , 18 — Stmr Kaiser
in» Maria Theresa, for Naples, etc. -
i NAPLES— A rrlved > March lS-Stmr Au^usto
Victoria.' on Oriental cruise. •¦
¦- CAIA^UTT A— Sailed • March IS — Stmr Inda
pura, .for .San Francisco. ¦; - •
GLASGOW'— Sailed March IS— Stmr Sarma
tian. for>Port!and.- v- - - —
CHERBOURG— Sailed March lS-Stmr Gros
ser Kerfurst. from ¦ Bremen.*, for New York.
Honolulu: Br ship Drumburton, for Algoa Bay.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 18— Br ship Bute
shire, from Hongkong; Br ship Dalblair. from
Iqulque.
: Sailed March IS — Ger bark Prof Koch and
Ger shlD Brunshausen, for Queenstown; Br
stmr Almond Branch, for Manila: etmrs Des
patch and Fulton, for San Francisco; stmr
Ruth, for Wrancel. ¦ •
. FORT BRAGG— Sailed March IS— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
' ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 8— Stmr Cen
tennial, from Seattle. March &— Brls Galilee,
hence Feb 6. March 10— Bktn Irmgard. hence
Feb 23. March 12— Stmr Sonoma, from Syd
ney. '
Sailed March 8— Ship Emily F Whitney, for
San Francisco. March 10— Bark Andrew Hicks,
for Guam. March 11— Bkt© Planter, for San
Francisco. March 9— Schr Transit, for Pufjet
Sound. March 10— Bark Carrollton, for Puget
* MAHUKONA— Sailed March 2— Schr O H
KelloKB. for San Francisco. . ¦
KA1IUI-UI— Arrived March »— Schr Lyman r>
Foster, from Newcastle, Aus (anchored off
P °Salied Alarch 9— Schr Compeer, for Puget
Sound: hark Edward May. for San Francisco.
In port: March 8— Schr Ottllllo Fjord, »chr
Dora BluHm and ship Charmer.
Arrived : March 3— Stmr American, from
HILO— Jn port March 8— Brls John D Spreck
els. from!Guam; bktn S N Castle, from Hono
lulu. .' ¦ . ; - ¦
KEHEI'-In port— Schr Churchill and bktn
- FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 17— Br ship
Orealla. from Oregon, and reports on the 8th
lnst encountered a hurricane which lasted un
til 10th: cabin flooded several feet and ship
much damaged.. March 16— Fr bark Chas Gou
nod, hence Nov 29. March 17— Br bark Glenogil,
from Tacomo. March IS— Br ship King George,
hence Oct 17. March 17— Br ship Marathon,
from Ore«t>n.
Sailed March 16— Br ihlp Afon Alaw, for
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 17— G«r ship
Rodenbek. from Seattle; Ger bark Altair, from
Sailed March 16— Br ship Acamas. for Hull.
CALCUTTA— Sailed March 16-Br stmr In
drapura. for Ban Francisco;
SWANSEA— Sailed March lft— Fr bark Col
onel de Vlllebots. for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO — Sailed March 16— Stmr Peru.
for Panama; Btmr Acapulco, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
NAGASAKI— Arrived March IS— Ger bark H
Hackfeld. from Philadelphia.
BRISTOLr— Arrived March 16— Br ship Wan
derer, from Tacoma. _-'- '
SCATTERY ROADS— Arrived March 16— Fr
bark Vllle de Mulhouse, hence Nov 25.
LONDON— Arrived March 16— Br bark Llnd
fleld. from Vancouver.
SHIELDS — Arrived , March 14— Fr bark Aa
jou, hence Oct 25.
PANAMA— Arrived March 3— Ger bark Au
rora, from Newcastle, Aus. March 6— Stmr
City of Sydney, hence Feb 8.
MIZENHEAD — Passed March 13 — Br ship
Marathon, from Portland, for Queenstown.
FERNANDO DE NORONHA— Pa«sed March
17— Ger stmr Hathor, hence Deo 21. for Ham
burg. •
Sailed March 15— Ger ship Adolf, for Seattle.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed March 15— Nor stmr
Hero, for Hull. '
YOKOHAMA— In port Feb 25-Ger bark Mag
dalene, for Astoria. ¦-'.". ,.,
ANTWERP— In port Feb 26— Br bark Norma.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1901.
Start for Manila With Soldiers and Civilians— Mrs. Dusenbery-Hayes, the
Indiana's Woman Stowaway, Permitted to Sail by General Shafter.
Sonoma Wins the Speed Honors and Now Holds the Pacific Record
TRANSPORTS MEADE AND PENNSYLVANIA
ARE AGAIN ON WAY TO THE PHILIPPINES
At Honolulu there was a great rush to
get hcme on the mall boat and many m
tendir.R passengers had to be left behind
because there were not enough .berths to
go around.
Among those who came over from Syd
ney is George Johns, an Australian fight
er, who expects to make his mark in San
Honolulu— Mr. and Mrs. Eldridge, Mr.' and
Mr». Bush, A. E. Tounp, II. Kruger, D. J.
Barry, W. R. Davies, B. J. How*. C. Stoltz.
P. H. Polndexter, M. Wlmberg. Mrs. Rosen,
E. Dexter. - - . '-.;„. -\\
5
Sun rises 6:18
Sun sets 6:20
Moon rises 5:15 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W HW L, TV HW
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:35 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:OS 5.7
20 ... 5:00 0.5 11:29 5.6 5:19 0.7 11:41 5.S
H. ... 5:50 0.1 12:24 6.5 6:00 1.1
H W L AV H W L. TV
23 ... 0:21 6.0 S:36 — 0.1 1:20 B.2 6:42 1.6
23 ... 1:00 6.0 7:30 —0.2 2:20 4.9 7:26 2.0
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26-0.2 3:25 4.7 «:16 J.4
2j ... 2:34 5.8 9:30—0.2 4:36 4.5 9:1S 2.5
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....Max. 19
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 19
Argo Coqullle River _ Mar. 19
Luella San Pedro Mar. 13
Nome City Humboldt Mar. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 29
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 20
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 20
Corona Newport Mar. 20
Victoria Oyster Harbor |Mar. 20
\V. H; Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 21
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 21
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 22
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 22
Cmplre Coos Bay Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cat.... Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
Crescent City.. Crescent City -... Mar. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 23
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Arcata..... Coos Bay Mar. 21
Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Roanoke... New York via Panama. Mar. 25
North Fork."... Humboldt Mar. 23
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. Pier.
March 10.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Argo Coqullle- River .... 4 ptn Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay VZ ra Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G ¦ \V. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March SO.
Mandatay.... Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 3
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen.. San Diego 9 am Pier 1'
Acme Tillamook Bay Pier 13
Nome City... Red'ndo &San Dieg 4 pm Pier 2
March 21. •- ¦ -
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Australia Tahiti direct .......f 2 pm Pier 7
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. I
March U2. -
C. Nelson... Seattle via Eureka. 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
f
Destination.
Coronado Grays Harbor | 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Saund Ports, j 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport | » am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
March i::". I
CJty Peking.. China & Japan 1 t pm PMS9
Argyll... N\ T. via Panama.! 2 pm!9.W. I
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pnvFier -
Alliance Ptid and Coos Bay 5 pmiPier 1«
Umpire Coos Bay 12 m'Pier 13
March 24. | (
Columbia Astoria & Portland;il amlPter 14
Newburs Grays Harbor I — ...IVler 2
Santa Rosa.. 'San Diego I 9 tm! Pier 11
Sun rises 6:18
Sun sets 6:20
Moon rises 5:15 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W HW L, TV HW
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:35 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:OS 5.7
20 ... 5:00 0.5 11:29 5.6 5:19 0.7 11:41 5.S
H. ... 5:50 0.1 12:24 6.5 6:00 1.1
H W L AV H W L. TV
23 ... 0:21 6.0 S:36 — 0.1 1:20 B.2 6:42 1.6
23 ... 1:00 6.0 7:30 —0.2 2:20 4.9 7:26 2.0
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26-0.2 3:25 4.7 «:16 J.4
2j ... 2:34 5.8 9:30—0.2 4:36 4.5 9:1S 2.5
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....Max. 19
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 19
Argo Coqullle River _ Mar. 19
Luella San Pedro Mar. 13
Nome City Humboldt Mar. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 29
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 20
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 20
Corona Newport Mar. 20
Victoria Oyster Harbor |Mar. 20
\V. H; Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 21
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 21
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 22
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 22
Cmplre Coos Bay Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 23
State of Cat.... Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
Crescent City.. Crescent City -... Mar. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 23
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 24
Arcata..... Coos Bay Mar. 21
Queen San Diego Mar. 24
Roanoke... New York via Panama. Mar. 25
North Fork."... Humboldt Mar. 23
Coronado Grays Harbor | 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Saund Ports, j 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport | » am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
March i::". I
CJty Peking.. China & Japan 1 t pm PMS9
Argyll... N\ T. via Panama.! 2 pm!9.W. I
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pnvFier -
Alliance Ptid and Coos Bay 5 pmiPier 1«
Umpire Coos Bay 12 m'Pier 13
March 24. | (
Columbia Astoria & Portland;il amlPter 14
Newburs Grays Harbor I — ...IVler 2
Santa Rosa.. 'San Diego I 9 tm! Pier 11
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. Pier.
March 10.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Argo Coqullle- River .... 4 ptn Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay VZ ra Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G ¦ \V. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March SO.
Mandatay.... Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 3
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen.. San Diego 9 am Pier 1'
Acme Tillamook Bay Pier 13
Nome City... Red'ndo &San Dieg 4 pm Pier 2
March 21. •- ¦ -
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Australia Tahiti direct .......f 2 pm Pier 7
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. I
March U2. -
C. Nelson... Seattle via Eureka. 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
f
Destination.
THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. | V THE EMPORIUM.
f 1OO Good Smokes 'gfgllgC B-I^EJ&jf&iB&iSil BSkiS "Gay Coney \
ft,* Until closing time Saturday n : ght, ||i ot^B*** «9kBT»«3 BySSf The wonderful mechanical *&
J» The Benedict Cigar, a fine short |P v 4&ol tfBtf'il TfcciBg *M show, on free exhibition daily j£
|£ smoke— box of ioo, 65o. CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE from 9 a. m. X
| Special Sales for Tuesday. ,- f
| Boys' SSsOO Wash $1.25, SI. 35, S1.5O 15c Handkerchiefs %
{f Sailor Suits $1*38. Pocket-Books So for Tussday Only *
«f ¦.,'*' One of the best bargains in TO-Day Ottiy 71 Cm N« rl Y 4°oo Lakes' Handker=liic& in tha kt. X
V rffi^k Children's S u m m e r \y e j, ave 1O3 Lid e j* T.ey arc a shier Jawn with on; row otem- •*
* fr«ii ?'* h ht'.^J h ' K *-fMffl/M/////fl Card Ca-es Winy fawtwa aai eiged Vih fine "*&»;$
fc a /M3»«f itor: has ever ofF.r:d; 30 . nd p , cket jj^jj, ge ru . cunneslace; 20 styles to telect from — Q .<«
J \SL- diffi:rsnt P attcrns « , .'"- i _ e sea!,'' calf iine -'genuine on •pecUl^t^wch 9C X
*> *&£g&b%. C '" udng ph:n wh , ltc k&332S$%>>Jt Lrjcco in prtttv shade*, -. A Z Z — - . X
£ mWEmk ducks, guaranteed abso- lS o calf lined; uel made £X?#*2 Specials 3i1 *
i I mnfmiW ! utel -T f f c ° cr ' hand * ph^^^I m &** n^h through- Undarmu^Hns %
* WAWvr^Sf SU ' C S !nte - lanl St >' Iih ' £ «S2f^ »ught in the regular way TC'UBVm X
\* NsMUirWr?^ prfectj cut and Well |)^/y^yyyyy^y/A j a-ou d tell at S I ¦ Z ,' . S I ¦ 1 ; p:__ .__. '5
* maJe ' * fuU '^ °* * ! *M** m U'Vn* and 51. 50 each-on »p 8 - • j «
K II Liu! W * zn fw-koy" 3 t0 Io c:a. tae to-cay (Tutsda/) only, -»<^ //\\\ 0 / | />N tnmmcd J,
i" 1 III 1/ yean, so:d re^uLrly and fach JV '\ "fgC //^MMJji /A Gowns, 3»
* W\W « good value at |2oo- A*?^S^f h\ Chemiir, $
AT Wn ; Bi special to-day (Tues- tffc » •• *» gXk » If £§)) $^"^^'C ifl t» «
I f I §B0 Shirt Sale on (« #|\
I J,| $1.38 Tuesday Only "^^^.^^i
g $12.5 O NeW EtOn United Brani with (£f3\ >^ . l^ge X
K SiMits SS SO Kparate cuffi, al if j/^ issorted lot from a maker of the x
£ n- c • T^! good patterns and J&^/L- finest class of MusUn Wear at half jj
& Th s new Spring All- *>§>%.• V co.onnp, the kind >tf^3r^&a^Sh»w v • j 5
$' Wool Eton Dnss, J^g that regu'atly tell 0SMjB$8^ h« price, wd j
fc jus: liks picture, fiSSffig? fcr 75c each, but t£j£S&//2^ : - ? ~W\\\ S;ll It to *'
J*. materials either th; mikcr had too S?VSt&|--' ,/^^n. VCU tO-dav in Js^'SSi °«
£> b'ack and navy • many and clored vf$$tTZJ2.Z: I /^>j^ thesam^w'av. > X
%? chevict cr light /'jS rV\ out turplus to us at jjfAli ! ! 1^ rfJ/J^!/ f • ' ' J Jp-»p «^1i 5
K gray and brown ' I \ about half price. AnT^J7fi<//>jr tvery gar- «
£ covert, jacket silk h* * A \ These we pace on^ MW*S mtnt lit for a jgfffl&tiffl^A %
fc* lined, skirt with tt/'Vi faIe t0 " da y on ")'» \M^f bridt and will §^Mfm^§^' x \ i
J , j good . percaliae, a VT od"-..*-- Nc^ be sold cheap *&>?} 'f§£<#vM X
ft hand:ome suit well. «rt \ - .HTmG i c t M \£n l^" I «
$ , made all through, ] W ' B :ys' Ualaundered Shirt;-The 50c kinJ; th= "~^ . [" *HJK Itf % T/J 5
g-.itguarlyjll.so- A *)l ,;' bo£on», n«klani. ail cufli mile cf Uren; CVery-day V J ff JJW m %
;jk to-day (Tuesday) // \ rs-enferced front and back; seams all filed wear. The y'(j jg
t? on v / I I \ 2n< * 8 u3fets to' prevent rip, iag; the big gest earlier you X
2? <&CD EZfto II L\ kind of a shirt value at the special **— come in the better assortments vou 5
», «£p«37c£?&£r t>V V\ \ rnce to day cn!y, each ..adC will find '*
IT $3.95, In»(ead cf C ' ' Ai \ £.#19611 TrSVS 14C. $t*.ooextu fin: Skirts, to-day oily. $6.00 X
£ $5.00, for a new T^"^ - x*..«--.*J?«-» A M f' $3.50 eitra fini SkJ:ts to-c-ay only.. .^/.75 '!!
* siik Taffeta tO2* Buesuay uniy. f H o extra 6asDtzm3t^ : a ,oniv. ex?© %
$ Wafct, corded alt over, Ught bur, shrimp, Qooi All-Linen Open-work Catvin 3 Cothor /4 00 extn fine Drawer;, to-day on y.$2.f*U X
If ro:e, white, lavender, cardinal and back, Tray- Cloth, size 18x27 bche3, stamped in f 3.00 extra fins G wns, to-day on y. .0*1, 51 •*
* reguarly $5.00— to-day <Q gS neat floral eSecf, regularly 25c each <y _ $ 5. co extra rln; Gowns, to-day only. $ ? 50 '3
£' o-^y <^F*9a^mM _ on g F ecial sa'e to-day only BVC $3.00 extra fine Ch-misr, t>-iay only .$].5O K
H ¦ . ¦ - . X
A Perfect Food Drink I
Possesses grateful and I
comforting qualities of the 1
highest degree. I
A cup of Figprune just before retiring I
for the night insures sound and refreshing |
slumber. Coffee means — wakefulness. jj
The 5$r% choice figs and prunes |
blended, by our method, with £?€>% well J
ripened, grain makes a delicious drink — |
:^^~. :¦: "^^ - soot hing but not stimulat- 1
/BESt\ ing v |
/^i4_;_ A - -I Healthful— nutritious. 3
I L]Fj?F>AI 1 §
I ni r fU y Boil from; '5 to 10 minutes only |
\ COFFEE^ ALL GROCERS SELL I
• ' Figprune Cereal. J
Dorv f t give aJl your pity
to the man with the hoe*
Remember the woman >^^v^^^^^^^^
with the tub I '
Washing . Powder ; / \ %
will lighten her burdenso I \
The N. K. Fairbank Company. /¦ J|§ :• ¦ :\% .
Chicago St. Lovils New York Philadelphia. njfliM-l T>i«$»'
Eostorv Montreal j&jj/pr
Mai\\jf*ctvxrors of KAIRY SOAP* > —>—^Justice in'. California as' the Supreme . Court thinks
it to be seems not only; to be blind but suffers also
from an acute attack of the blind staggers. «,!
An effort is being made to extend the local fire
limits. It might be wise at the same time to lessen
the danger of fire by preventing the erection of shacks
within the limits}
The women who have been : making spectacles of
themselves by fawning upon the. desperate! criminal,
Cooper, should congratulate themselves that under the
statutes of this State idiocy has not been made a crimV.
German statesmen we complaining that the colo
nies of the Fatherland do not give the bulk of their
trade to the home country. The grumblers should
not forget that neither patriotism nor friendship "gov
erns a man when he goes shopping and wants to get
Jiis money's worth.
The McLaurin incident is almost equally. significant
of a changed public sentiment. During the whole of
the recent session* of Congress' the junior Senator
from South Carolina, notwithstanding he is supposed
to be a protege of Tilhnan, has. voted right along. with
the Republicans on party measures! When the at
tempt to censure him' in the Legislature of his State
had failed," he had .his name stricken from the caucus
roll of the Democrats of the Senate. ..He is now an
As soon as the facts were made known steps were
at once taken to put an end to the system. Judge
Benet of Anderson County, to whomthe Grand Jury
made its report, has proven to be the right man in
the right place. It was'in fact to his instructions that
the first investigation was due. He had heard of tha
wrong and instructed the Grand Jury to inquire into
it. The jury appears to have undertaken the work
with zeal and courage. We are told that at every step
the investigation was opposed by a considerable ele
ment of the white people of the county. Some of the
richest, most influential and most powerful planters
declared they could not carry on their plantations
except under that system of- controlling labor. 'In
the face of such opposition, however, the jury wen*
on with its work, finding ample support from ¦ the
Judge; and it now seems probable that not only will
the system be broken up, but that some at least of
the men who were guilty of the worst outrages com
mitted under it will be brought to punishment. •
The negro contract incident is one of more than
passing importance. The facts brought to light by
the investigations of the Grand Jury showed that m
certain counties of the State a practice had grown up of
getting ignorant negroes to sign contracts which gave
them in virtual bondage to their employer. The holder
of such a contract claimed under its terms the right
to sell the negro's labor to any other man who choss
to buy it. It has been the custom of the Justices of
the Peace to uphold the contracts, and negroes who
undertook to escape from the slavery to which they
were bound were at once remanded to the control of
the contract holder and he inflicted upon the negro
such punishment as he chose..
RECENT events in South Carolina are in the
nature of a dawning light that gives promise of
the speedy beginning of a better day in that
long benighted State. In the first place the disclosure
of the fact that negroes have been held in virtual slav
ery under a system of contracts has led to the prompt
breaking up of the system; and in the second place
the action of the State Legislature in refusing to cen
sure Senator McLaurin for voting with the Re-publi
cans on many party measures jn the Senate reveals
a weakening of the Bourbon forces among the people,
and shows that they are acquiring something of liber
ality in politics.
LIGHT IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
. Her statehood makes Utah at; present supreme in
the making and enforcing of statutes intended to
shield this. odium of the Mormon church.. That
church is rapidly colonizing Idaho and Wyoming, and
holds the balance of power in Arizona. It will soon
control the group of inter-mountain States, and they
will be theocracies, in their government, for the
church is paternal and controls the people in their
politics as well as in their materialities^ It will be well
if Congress act quickly in placing polygamy beside
its twin relic,' slavery, by a constitutional amendment.
The action of .the Legislature and the Supreme
Court decision will be a surprise:to the\wholc coun
try. It was supposed that polygamy was weakening
in its hold upon the people and was a fast fading insti
tution. But these revelations prove that it has a
stubborn hold and that its temporary suppression by
the Tucker-Edmunds law has only sexyed to increase
its strength.
This is rather turbid language,' employed in order
to omit use of the saored word polygamy, or plural
marriage. Its meaning, however, is plain. A Mormon.
can have his first or lawful wife in one county and a
dozen others in a^ioz-n different counties, and under
this decision can escape punishment, since his lawful
marriage, "an act or condition lawful in itself," can
be violated only in the county where the lawful wife
lives. This decision does not follow the statute of
adultery in the other States, nor does it follow inter
state law. In actions for 'divorce under .that statute
the act or acts of adultery may be proven anywhere in
the State or in other States. Were it not so the mar
riage contract would be without binding validity and
would furnish no protection to those who are party to
it. It will be noticed that the Utah: Supreme Court
goes clear beyond the verdict in the court below and
quashes the information.
The court says briefly: "The mere existence in
some other county than the place of trial of acts or
conditions of defendant lawful in and of themselves
but .necessary to be alleged and proven in order to
establish the crime as charged, does not involve the
power of this. statute so as to permit the trial of the
defendant in such other county."
IN the lower courts of Utah a Mormon was found
guilty of polygamy. His first— or lawful— wife lived
in Salt Lake County, the plural wife lived in Utah
County. He was indicted, and his relations with the
surplus wife were in cvidence'anxl the jury found him
guilty, the locus of the crime being in .the county
where the polygamous wife lived.
•The Supreme Court of Utah ha3 reversed the de
cision, set aside the verdict and quashed the informa-
A UTAH DECISION.
City. The Call uses wireless telegraphy
to obtain news when occasions require*
the use of such. The first time that The
Call used it was upon the return of tha
California Volunteers from Manila in
August, 1899. Messages have been trans
mitted a distance of forty-two miles by
wireless telegraphy without difficulty.
There is, It is claimed, no limit, within
reasonable distance, of course, in trans
mitting messages by that. method. The
reason that the system is not used more
extensively at this time Is that it is ye:
in its infancy. ¦
NICARAGUA— J. E.. Amador City. CaL
The steamships from New Orleans to
Nicaragua make Gf eytown the terminal
point. • There are a large number of mines
In Nicaragua. There are placer mines
near the headwaters of the Prlzapolla, at
the foot of the eastern declivity of tha
Cordilleras. This is about 175 miles from
Greytown. It takes about eleven days by
boat to reach the mines. There Is ( also
mining on the Wa Wa River, in the Se
garra district, and in the Matagalpa dis
trict. There are gold bearing veins in tho
Prlnxlpola district. In the Wa Wa. 4-a
Libertad. Jugalpa and Chonales districts.
There has been some development of tha
mines In that territory, but it has been
somewhat slow. For additional Informa
tion on this subject communicate with the
United States Consul at the following
places In Nicaragua: Bluefields. Corlnto,
Alatasralpa and San Juan del Sur. Let
ters should be addressed to "United States
Consul at — *— ," giving the name of tha
place.
WIRELESS TELEQRAPHT-H. N. B ,
fice in San Francisco Is located at the
northwest corner of Pine and Sansom*
streets. This department cannot advertise
any pension agent. :
AIR SHIP— R. R. R., Stockton. CaL
Count Zeppelin has been experimenting
with a new balloon In Europe, and he ex
pects great results, but at this time It Is
impossible to tell to what extent it can be
used in navlpratlner the air. There are a
number of other Inventors who are build
ing air ships, or rather models, but time
alone will tell with what success.
CIVIL SERVICE POSITIONS-Strt>
scriber, Santa Cruz. CaL If you desire to
obtain information about civil service un
der the rule In San Francisco, apply to
the secretary of the commission. City
Hall, San Francisco. If the desire la to
obtain information In relation to tho
United States Civil Service, address tho
secretary of the commission,- Washing
ton, D. C.
DUPLJCATE WHIST— Subscriber, Cal.
In duplicate whist the player who la en
titled to the trump card Is termed tba
dealer, whether the cards have been dealt
by him or whether they have not. Dupli
cate whist is that form of whiat In whicu
each deal Is played only once by each
player, but in which each deal Is over
played so as to bring: the play of teams,
pairs or Individuals into comparison.
PENSION OFFICE-M. L. M.. Maden,
Cal. The- United States Pension Of-
SILK INDUSTRT-G. E. W. t City. Silk
worms are raised in San Diego and vicin
ity.
NO PREMIUM-H. W., San Rafael.
Cal. No premium Is offered by dealers for
dimes of 1S45, 1S53, 1834 and ISO.
THE PRESIDENT— W. B. M.. San Jose.
Cal. There Is no law limiting: tho number
of terms a citizen may be President of the
United States.
PARKS— A Subscriber. City. Golden
Gate Park, In San Francisco, has an
area of 1040 acres and Central Park of
New York an area of 813 acres.
TRANSPORTS — H. R.. Raymond. Cal.
For such information as you desire In re
lation to repairs to the transports ad
dress a communication to tho Navy De
partment, Washington, r>. C. :.
NOT THE SHERIDAN— A. 8., Watson
ville, Cal. The accident referred to in
your communication could not have oc
curred on the Sheridan. She waa not In
the port of. San Francisco at the time.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
It will be seen by the statements of the Senator that
California has many interests at the national capital
¦which will have to be looked after at the next session
of Congress with great care. The House is evidently
the danger point, and increased efforts will have to be
nade to render that branch of the Government as*
favorable to us at least as the Senate. The situation
should be thoroughly studied, the causes which led to
the failure cf California bills in the House should be
determined, and then some means devised for over
coming them.
That is certainly a striking list of measures to be
passed by one House but rejected by the other, and
it would be interesting to learn why the House is so
much Jess favorable to California interests than the
Senate. The subject is the more important because
neither branch of Congress has ever shown any
thing like an extravagant willingness to promote the
interests oi the Pacific Coast. At this very session, as
Senator Perkins points out, several bills of great im
portance to California failed in both houses. Among
them he specifies a bill providing for the establishment
ci a quarantine for nursery stock, one authorizing the,
entry and patenting of lands containing petroleum and
chiefly valuable therefor, and the mineral land bill pro
viding for the segregation of mineral . lands from
agricultural lands.
• The bill to secure title to the two groves of big trees
In Calaveras and Mariposa counties, for the purpose
cf preserving them from destruction, was Introduced
by me at the first session and was passed by the Sen
ate early in the second session, but, in spite of e\*ery
effort, it could not be brought up in the House for a
vote, owtag to the opposition of Speaker Henderson.
Another effort will, therefore, have to be made to pre
serve these trees for posterity.
I regret exceedingly the defeat of the bill providing
for a. postal cable to the Hawaiian Islands, as I deem It
not only a measure of great importance to the Govern
ment, but also to the commercial Interests of our
country, and especially to California.
The bill introduced by me, providing for the coinage
cf nickels at the United States Branch Mint in San
Francisco, was also passed by the Senate and was re
ported back to the Houes by the Committee on Ways
and Means, but was never brought before the House
for a vote.
Another bill of great importance to commerce on the
Pacific Coast was introduced by me and was passed by
the Senate. It was that prohibiting the towing of logs
In rafts along the coast. The danger to navigation
from these loes, when the rafts break up, as they
usually <3o when rcugh weather is encountered, is great.
The bill was referred to the House Committee on Inter
state Commerce, which committee failed to report it
back. I offered an amendment to the sundry civil bill,
appropriating 5500,000 for making and laying a cable
from San Francisco to Honolulu, but the House of Rep
resentatives having declined to pass the bill that the
Senate adopted one year ego, this amendment was not
a creed to.
Several important bills were passed by the Senate,
but failed in the House. One of very great importance
was that providing for the erection cf a new custom
house In San Francisco, on the site of the present
structure. The bill introduced by me was passed by
the Senate, appropriating $1,500,000 for construction. The
l>ill was referred to the House Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, but was never reported by that
body.
The same fate befell the bill introduced by me pro
viding for the relinquishment by the United States of
all title to the old Marine Hospital and grounds for the
purpose of establishing a Bailors' home under local
supervision and It was passed by the Senate,
but was not reported from the House committee.
CUR INTERESTS AT WASHINGTON.
SENATOR PERKINS' statements published in
The Call yesterday give an interesting review
of the legislation of the late session of Congress
with particular reference to bills directly affecting
California. A notable feature of the Senator's review
io the showing made of California measures adopted
by the Senate but rejected by the House. The num
ber of these is so great as to merit more than passing
attention. Concernine them the Senator said:
NEW TORK. March 18.— The. following
Calif or nians are In New Tork: From San
Francisco— "W. E. Bourn, at the Nether
land; L. F. Geischer, at the Imperial;
Miss C. Goldstein and Miss L. S. Gold
stein, at the St. Denis; E. W. Hopkins, at
the Holland; D. Nogle, at the Plaza; E.
A. Phelps, at the Holland: E. D. Rosen
blut and E. L. Stern, at the Netherland;
J. H. Wallace, at the Manhattan; K. H.
Pease, at the Holland; C. Williams and
wife, at the Manhattan. From Los An
geles—J. Ederman. at the Bay State; G.
Wilcox. at the Ashland; C W. Parsons.
at the Bay State.
CALIFOSNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
The result of this experiment the lint
of its kind by Japan. , will bo watched
with interest- The theory of it has been
learned by study of Occidental methods
but the practical application Is Japanese.'
It should always be borne in mind that
It is the expressed determination of th«
Japanese that Formosa - must be mid«
"body, -soul and spirit" a cart of th^ir
empire. Whatever mlstakes^they ha V «
made, or may make, that is their nt™
Although their constitution, their 'codes
and other instruments of civilization mnv
not be immediately applicable to Formd
sa. they will be put into effect there^
rapidly as conditions will permit. Lorn!
self-government will be. extended thariT
Just as : it has been in the territory *r
Hokkaido or In Okinawa prefecture rthi
Loochoo Islands). «eciur e (the
. When the Japanese first entered For
mosa the people as a whole manifested
considerable suspicion and antipathy due
to - misrepresentations by persons 'who
wished to profit by a continuance of the
old conditions. But when the people saw
that In spite of mistakes and corruption
the Japanese meant well, and that it waa
greatly to the advantage of Formosa to
be under such a stable and responsible
government as the Japanese would and
could give, feeling 1 of good will and con
fidence quickly followed. Now that they
can see plainly the material advantages
that are accruing to the Island they are
completely- reconciled. A missionary who
has lived twenty-five years in Formosa
gives bis testimony In behalf of the bene
fits obtained by getting rid -of Chinese
officialdom and the literary class, who are
"a narrow-minded and Impracticable body
of men." •
Drawing Colony and Empire Close.
"With reference to the rebels, Baron Ko
dama's policy Is to wage relentless war
on bandits, but when once they have sub
mitted he pursues a conciliatory pblicv
Count Kabayama's plan was similar!
"Subjugate It from on© side by. force of
arms and then confer on the subjueatad
portion the benefits of civil government."
It has also been found advisable to adorn
the sliver yen as the basis of the cur
rency in Formosa, chiefly because of lt«t
convenience in Internal business and the
external trade with the adjoining conti
nent of China. This course found Implovl
ment for the cne-yen coins, which after
the adoption of the gold standard by the
Japanese Government had been gradually
.withdrawn from circulation in the em
pire proper. Whether or not the use of
ther silver standard in Formosa and the
gold standard .n all other portions of the
empire will cause serious confusion re
mains to be seen.
Dealing- "With. Rebellious Natives.
It WSRTalso made a definite policy that
in many cases Formosa should be exempt
ed from the general laws and ordinances
of the empire and that special laws and
ordinances should be promulgated In con
sonance with old customs. This policy
was applied especially in connection with
the modern revised codes, from the ap
plication of which Chinese and aborigines
were exempted.
When Baron Kodama assumed the
Governor Generalship a more definite pol
icy and strict administration of affairs
began. Local self-administration waa en
couraged, particularly by the employment
of properly qualified natives in subordi
nate positions. For instance, as a very
striking example, ex-bandits who had
sworn allegiance were given mail con
tracts, which were thus carried out cheap
er than before, because when civilians
carried tho malls It- was necessary for
each to be accompanied by a soldier or
policeman for protection against bandits
It also proved feasible to use natives in
the militia, and even to appoint some of
the naturalized subjects to important
posts, as those of councilors, under the
prefectoral officer.
The report of the Bank of Formosa,
while it calls attention to the fluctuations
or silver as a disturbing feature also
gives great encouragement with reference
to the future of the- island.
According to Dr, Goto, chief of the civil ad
ministration of Formosa, the result of the last
three years' administrative efforts under the
present able Governor General. Baron Kodama,
has been successful beyond all reasonable ex
pectations. "When his Excellency first assumed
the control of affairs In the island colony in
1S9S it waa estimated by him that the revenue
which was at that time less than B.OOO.OOO yen
per annum, would be increased to about double
that sum by the year 1901-02. That estimate
was regarded in some quarters as too optimis
tic, but too optimistic it was not, it bt\ng esti
mated that In the coming fiscal year the reve
nue will amount to over 14.0CO.00O yen. The
Formosan authorities now confidently expect
that the ordinary Income of the island will
swell to 20.OCO.000 In the next three or four
years,- when the island will financially be en
tirely Independent of the mother country, even
In respect of tfie military and naval expenses.
Public domains and industries 9.337.000 yen
E «lse 1,652,000 yen
Customs ;... 1,840.000 yen
Miscellaneous ; J77.000 yen
Total 13.128.000 yen
EXPENDITURES.
C£H 22,126.000 yen
Military 8,774,000 yen
Total 30.900.000 yen
A yen la practically BO cents. United States
money.
The civil list Includes construction of
railways, harbors, roads, lighthouses
etc., amounting to 8,679.000 yen. The mili
tary list includes expenses of fortifications.
The difference between revenue and ex
penditure Is made up by railway loans and
the subsidy of the general budget of the
empire. The revenue is rapidly Increas
ing and In a feyr years there will be no
need of subsidy. The natives also Wiu
soon be able to govern themselves and
finance their own government in local af
fairs. •
Prospects for Further Advancement.
This testimony from the famous Japa
nese economist and statistician, Mr. Saka
tani, Is supported by. the following from
the Japan Times of January 6. 1901:
REVENUES.
Army, 12,000 men. Police— Military, 1600 men;
civil, 6S0O men. Schools, 1618; teachers, 1913.
Banjts, 3; capital, 10,150,000 yen; notes issued,
3.778,700 yen.
Population, 2,634,000; area, 15.0CO square miles;
exports (tea, camphor and Its oil, sugar, rice
and grain and other products), 14,848.000 yen;
imports (oDium. rice and grain, timber, wine
and other articles). 22.282.000 yen.
similarly risen since the Japanese occu
pation of Formosa. Educational privi
leges have been extended and Improved,
and a special school has recently been
opened In Tokio for the training of those
who are to be engaged In the public ser
vice In Formosa. Newspapers have also
been started.
For' the following Important statistics
regarding Formosa I am indebted to Mr.
Sakatani, the expert of the finance de
partment of the Imperial Government:
Earon/Kodama, Governor Gen
eral of Formosa.
It may seem strange that all this strife and jealousy
should exist over a struggle for sunshine when there
i.- so much sunshine in the world, but it is to be
borne in mind that when people once get greedy for
anything they can never get enough so long as any
body else has any at all. If the strugglers for sunshine
should get possession of the whole earth they would
not be satisfied, but would straightway reach out for
the sun.
Recent developments in the camps of the allies
go far to confirm the views of Richter. At th»
present time_ there is "more likelihood of a violent
collision among the allied powers than of a harmo
nious settlement of their claims against China. The
troorjs of Great Britain and of Russia are glaring at one;
another across a railway siding at Tientsin, and then;
may be a clash at any moment. Furthermore the Japs
are reported to be eager to get at the Russians atvl
drive them out of Manchuria. Germany also, it seems,
is watching Russia with something of jealousy, and is
reported to have given notice to the Chinese. Gcfvern
ment not to make concessions to the Czar.
Sunshine of that, sort costs money. All the por
tents of the situation give warning that it will be
a long time before the Kaiser can enjoy sunshine in
China in an undisturbed peace, and already his ex
penditures have been large. Herr Richter, the Rad
ical leader in the Reichstag, stated in reply to Von
Bulow's speech that the Chinese troubles have cost
Germany up to this time 276,060,000 marks, or a sum
larger than the profits of Germany's trade with China
for the last twelve years. He closed by saying the
Kaiser might be earnestly looking for sunshine but
he had gone the wrong \vay about it and had .run
up a blind alley.
So it appears the struggle in China is a struggle
for sunshine. It is not a war for anything so bloody
as conquest nor for anything so sordid as trade.
Neither is it a fanatic attempt to interfere with Chinese
religion nor an educational movement to uplift the
Chinese masses.' It :s simply a desire for sunshine.
The invasion is, in fact, a .. sort of picnic excursion
in search of light and warmth, and such bloodshed
as occurs must be attributed solely to the rouglu
and toughs of other nations who try to crowd the
Kaiser into the shade.
COUNT VON BULOW, in defending the cours
pursued by the German Government in China,
denied that Germany is serving either British
oc Russian interests, and^insisted with much emphasis
that it is German interests alone the Kaiser and- his
troops are defending in the Orient. Wanning to" his
theme, he added: "That we must defend our interests
in. Eastern Asia is a fact that has become historic, i It
was in that sense I said three months ago that we
must have our place in the sunshine. I say to-day
we w.ll keep that place in 'the sunshine and not let
cun elves be pushed into the shadow."
PLACE IN THE SUNSHINE.
-. With reference to the material advance
ment of Formosa;; no. pains . have been
spared by • the" Japanese Government to
improve Its condition and develop its rich
resources. :¦ '- Roads ' have , been ' repaired ' or
newly , constructed ; harbors . have been
improved; '.railroads have. been built; busi
ness enterprises have been encouraged;
the Bank : of Formosa ; has been > estab
lished; trade and commerce have been ex
panded, and means of communication by
shipping, : postal v and telegraph systems
have ;been increased. . When . the For
mosan ¦; Railway -, failed as a private con
cern \the' Government; bought It up. and
will > push it,* together, with : other public
improvements," by means of special bond3.
Wages have .increased from.70"to 80 per
cent,' and ! the ; prices of ; commodities have
-' The new organization of tho Formosa ad
ministration Is a very interesting: piece of leg
islation. - Its most noteworthy feature Is the
extensive power vested in the Governor Gen
eral. He is to control the military, naval and
civil", affairs of the" Island. In the former
sphere — namely, the military and naval — he Is
subject to the direction of the Ministers of War
and the Navy, as well as to that of the chief
of the central staff, the chief of the naval
board -of. command in, the empire and tha In
spector General ot the forces. But In the do
main of civil affairs he is virtually autocratic.
He may delegate civil functions to military
officers; he may suspend or rescind the orders
issued. by local governors or headmen: he may
appoint or dismiss officials of hannin rank; he
may Inflict disciplinary punishments and- he
may Issue : ordinances with final provisions r up
to a year's- imprisonment or a fine of 200 yen.
Virtually. ; the only restrictions Imposed on the
exercise of his civil authority are that he may
not appoint, dismiss or inflict disciplinary pun
ishments on officials of sonin rank and upward
without obtaining imperial sanction through
the Minister -President of State. He may em
ploy military 1 force for _the : maintenance '. of
public Deace" and good order, but in such an
event the ¦ fact . must be reported without loss
of -' time • to the : Minister President of State
and to the deDartments of the . army and the
navy. It Is to the Minister President that he
has to ; look for final : supervision of ' civil ad
ministration, but It v -will * be : seen from the
above enumeration of his powers that his com
petence ' greatly exceeds : that ' of a governor : of
a : British crown colony . before it : has received
any measure of local 1 autonomy. The govern
ment has acted wisely, we think. !n this mat
ter. .'It will no longer be possible for the Gov
ernor General to plead divided authority In
extenuation of administrative failures.
G reat Advance Made : by the Colony.
Of course, blunders were made at first
in tho administration of Fqrmosan af
fairs, and a great deal of Incapacity and
corruption manifested themselves in of
ficial circles. Through political Influence
Incapable and dishonest persona obtained
official positions. The scandals became so
well known and the corruption so promi
nent that -in 1897 a complete reorganiza
tion became necessary and was effected.
The following summary of the changes Is
from a reliable source: - '.-^<--.:r
Then followed for Beveral months a
spirited discussion in the press, and even
in the imperial IHet, on the question
whether the constitution extended over
Formosa, The debate was carried along
on exactly the same lines as the more re
cent discussion as to whether the United
States constitution extends over the Phil
ippines. In Japan It has been finally de
cided by public and legal opinion that
the crown, and not the constitution, is
paramount in Formosa; that the consti
tution is not, per se. In force, . buf must
be made specially applicable in Formosa,
One specially interesting question arose
In connection with the forced retirement
of the Chief Judge of the Formosa Court
without specific reasons. The Judge him
self refused to acknowledge the right of
the Governor General to retire him, and
fell back on the Japanese constitution,
chapter 5, article 58. second paragraph,
which reads as follows: -
* No Judge shall be deprived ot hla position
unless by way of criminal sentence or disci
plinary punishment
The first difficult question that arose
concerned the status of the Chinese resi
dents of Formosa. Article 5 of the Shi
monoseki treaty reads as follows:
"The inhabitants of the territories ceded
to Japan who wish to take up their resi
dence outside the ceded districts shall be
at liberty to sell their real property and
retire. For this purpose a period of two
years from the date of exchange of rati
fications of the present act shall be grant
ed. At the expiration of that period, those
of the Inhabitants wno shall not have left
such territories shall, at the option of Ja
pan, be deemed to be Japanese subjects."
The anxiety, however, which was felt
with reference to the working of these
stipulation's was entirely unfounded; for,
by the expiration of the time limit (May,
1897) only a few Chinese had sold out and
returned to the mainland, while most of
the others quietly and willingly put them
selves under Japanese Jurisdiction.
Another embarrassing matter was the
opium question. Inasmuch as the im
portation of opium into Japan is forbid
den, the onty apparently consistent
course would have Been to prohibit the
importation into Formosa. This was the
policy adopted by the Japanese Govern
ment; but at the same time it was recog
nized that It would be impossible to abol
ish opium smoking at once among the
thousands of Chinese there. Consequent
ly exception was made in the cases of ir
retrievable smokers, to whom special li
censes have been granted. It Is expect
ed, however, that the number of these li
censed smokers will gradually decrease
until ; the evil Is practically eradicated
from the "beautiful island.''
A similar policy was followed with
reference to foot binding, which is not
positively prohibited, but is discouraged
as much as possible. *
Bid Constitution Follow the Flag?
Early Difficulties in Formosa.
An attempt of the Chinese In Formosa
to establish a republic proved abortive,
so that by October, 1S95, the Japanese had
secured military occupation of the island,
although it was many months before that
occupancy became real. For several
years, indeed, regular or guerrilla war
fare was continued by Chinese bandits
and tho aborigines; and even now occa
sional outbreaks are experienced. The
military occupation of Formosa was ac
complished under the command of Count
Admiral Kabayama, tho hero of the Yalu
naval battle, and Prince Kltashirakawa,
who fell a' victim to disease in that Isl
and. Count Kabayama was the first Mili
tary Governor, and when military occupa
tion gave way to civil government he be
came the first Governor General of the
new territory.
When Count Kabayama retired from
that* position he was succeeded by Vis
count General Kutsura, who has recently
resigned the army portfolio. Next came
Baron General Nogi, and then Baron Gen
eral Kodama, who holds the position at
present, together with the army portfolio.
No civilian Is "eligible to the Governor
Generalship.
The questions that have presented them
selves to Japan in connection with colo
nial administration in Formosa have been
both general and special. For a very brief
period Formosan affairs were under a sep
arate department of state, with a minis
ter arid vice minister of colonization, as
well as subordinate officials. The two
chief positions were held by Viscount Ta
kashima and Mr. Kitagaki. Rut when ad
ministrative economy and reform were de
manded this department was abolished
and the Governor General, appointed by
the Emperor upon the recommendation of
the Cabinet, waa made responsible direct
ly to the Cabinet. This is the situation at
present: Matters pertaining to the army
in Formosa come under the army depart
ment; those relating to finances come un
der the finance department; educational
affairs come under the department of ed
ucation; questions of civil administration
are referred to the home (or Interior) de
partment, and other matters come simi
larly under the control of the appropriate
departments of state. •
By the terms of the treaty of Ohimono
sekl, which in 1895 brought to a close the
war between Japan- and China, Formosa
and tho Pescadores were ceded to Japan,
and upon ratification of that treaty In
May of that year were formally handed
over by the Chinese to the Japanese.
V.— JAPANESE BTTLE DT FOBMOSA.
By Professor Ernest "W. Clement
1901.)
How the Japanese Govern Formosa Wisely
and Well Under Principles of Civil
and Political Liberty.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San .Francisco' Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The future peace and happiness of our own people
will be greatly promoted by reaching and settling
these issues as soon *s possible.
In that part of the problem the keen and practical
views of Mr. Ting are worth all the rhetoric in the
world. The practical question is; How much labor
is to be required to make the islands worth keeping,
and whence is it to come?
This is more than probably true. It is the next step
that must be considered. In the noise and confusion
of military operations and the impingement of the
Question upon politics these practical matters which
go to the value of the whole adventure have not been
thought of. Senators Beveridge and Carter, and
orhers have inflamed the American mind about the
vast riches of the archipelago. But they have not
qualified their jeweled prospectus by the 'reflection
that no matter how inexhaustible the wealth human
labor is required to transmute it for human use.
•Now the sooner this country gets face to face with
this situation the better. That Mr. Ting is right about
native labor and white labor there is no question, and
that he is right about what may be done there with
coolie labor may not be questioned. But, he says:
"You cannot bring labor from your own country to
the tropics, for your laborers cannot stand that cli
mate nor live as cheaply as is necessary there. If the
United States is to be a colonizing power it must
change its immigration laws as to the colonies, regard
less of what these laws may be in the home country."
Other thousands he would import at a cost of $10
per head, with as much more to buy rice until they got
started. He says he can take millions of coolies
there who have enough money to buy an acre or two
of land, finally to become employers of new importa
tions. It is his opinion that the islands will support
25,000,000 of Chinese, whose product will constitute
an enormous export of sugar, tobacco, rice and hemp.
Chung Yick Ting, a rich tin mine owner in the
Straits Settlements, says that he has already discussed
the development of the Philippines by coolie labor.
He says that the islands can be made the garden of
gardens, but not. by white labor, which cannot live
there. He advises that our Government confiscate all
property of insurgents who do not lay down their
arms by a given date and exile its owners to Guam,
creating there a penal colony, and then open the isl
ands to Chinese labor. He would build a railroad the
whole length of Luzon, following the Rio Grande de
Cagayan, with "branches, to be constructed by coolie
labor, and he declares such a road would pay from
the running of the first train. This construction
would employ thousands of coolies ahd would give
them some funds with which to permanently locate in
the country and perform its labor.
Mr. Blithecote, an . American gentleman, reports
that Chinese capitalists stand ready to introduce any
required number of coolies into the Philippines if
permitted by the United States. - 'V''
The Chinese merchants and capitalists, driven out
cf their own country by its conservatism, are the ex
ploiters of -neighboring countries in the Orient and
the exporters thereto of their coolie countrymen as
laborers.
In those tropical countries there are valuable re
sources, but labor is required for their development.
The natives will not work beyond self-support, and
Europeans and Ameiicans cannot work in that cli
mate The whole Malay Peninsula and the Straits
Settlements depend entirely on Chinese labor, and
greatly on Chinese commercial enterprise, for their de
velopment and profit. The iron and tin mines, the
gambier, pepper, sago, rice, tobacco, tea, coffee and
cocoa plantations are worked entirely by Chinese, and
would go back to nature and be disused in one season
without them. The tlamar, rattan and other substi
tutes for timber and the timber forests themselves arc
worked by Chinese.
IT is to be hoped that the necessity for military
operations, occupancy and government of the Phil
ippines may soon cease. Until they do this coun
try cannot reach a proper comprehension of the task
it has on hand in those islands. The crux of that sit
uation is its industrial rspect. Throughout thVMalay
Peninsula, the Straits Settlements and to an extent
in Burmah, the native labor is not productive of a
surplus.
THE PHILIPPINE CRUX
TV. A. Patton. assistant to the president
of the Pennsylvania Railroad, accompa
nied by his wife, 13 touring the coast in
his private car Iolanthe. They are at
present staying at the Palace.
E. 8. Benson, general auditor of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, with headquarters at Portland, Or.,
is at the Palace with his wife.
TV. E. Hampton and wife are staying at
the California. They recently returned
from a trip to Honolulu, and are on their
way home to Lea Angeles.
Miss Jennie Flood, Miss Howard and
Miss Crosby arrived yesterday from New
York In a special car. Miss Flood is at
the Palace.
Ex-Senator Edward J. Murphy, accom
panied by his wife and family, leaves to
day for New York.
R. L. James, proprietor of the El Car
melo Hotel at Pacific Grove, is staying at
the Grand.
Congressman Elliott of South Carolina,
accompanied by his wife, is staying at the
California.
Mark R. Plalsted. proprietor of the
Fresno Evening Democrat, is at the Cali
fornia.
H. Casey of Salinas Is at the Occidental.
Henry Bron of Napa Is a guest at tho
Palace.
Peter Musto, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the Grand.
John Cross and wife of I^os Angeles are
at the Palace.
Colonel George Stone arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday.
E. R. Snyder, an oil man of Coalinga, is
a guest at the Lick.
TV. H. McKenzle, an oil man of Fresno,
is staying; at the Lick.
L. TV. Robitaille of Sacramento is stay
ing at the Occidental.
P. Latz, a merchant of Modesto, is a
guest at the California.
Ex-Speaker Alden Anderson of Sulsun Is
registered at the Grand.
M. Biggs- Jr.. a capitalist of Orovllle, la
registered at the Grand.
L. T. Hanford of Sacramento is regis
tered at the Occidental.
P. B. Fraser. a banker of Fresno, Is
registered at the Talace.
D: Lawrence, a sugar planter of Hono
lulu, is a guest at the Palace.
R. F. Johnson, a real estate man of
Monterey, is a guest at the Grand.
H. P. Goodman, a banker of Napa. is
staying for a few days at the Palace.
O. F. Smith, a lawyer of Reno, Nev., ac
companied by hl3 wife, la at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Of course independentism cannot last long. Sooner
t>r later the progressive; liberal and enlightened ele
ment of South Carolina must unite with the like ele
ment in the country generally. It may be a long while
yet before the full day beams over South Carolina,
but evidently the dawn is at hand.
independent, and all reports from South Carolina
show that he will be amply sustained in his new posi
tion. One of the foremost men of the State in com
menting upon the action of McLaurin says that South
Carolina is about to abandon the policies of Calhoun
and readopt those of her first great statesmen; Lang
don Cheves and William Lowndes. He says: "There
is unquestionably a spirit of revolt against the Demo
cratic party and a disposition toward independentism
in national politics." "
THE SANJ-FR^lNCISCO ScAXAJ^ ;^TU;ES-p^Y;; L ;|»MjRCH; 19, 1901.
gftfC ' -1^sB5S»e ' JgfaiU
TUESDAY MARCH 19, 1S01
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kitrtn All Ceaac&lntieai to W. S. LEASE, K&n&ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»« 2Ot
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Pre» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*.. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slnclc Copies., 5 Ccntt.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage!
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year W.OO
I>AILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3-00
DAILT CALX, (including Bundav), 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL-By Single Month «5c
FUNDAT CALL. One Year 1-50
WEEKLT CALL. One Year 1-00
All postmaster* nre anthorlzed to receive
subscriptions.
Sample eoplei will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rubscrlbers In ordering chanre of addrerti should be
r*rtlcular to clve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKI.AM) OFFICE 111S Brondvray
C. GEORGB KIIOGXESS.
Kistrtr feniga Adrtrtiii&g. MirqnUt) Building. Chlcsgo.
tLcn« Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
ICETT TORK COItUESPONDKNT:
C. C. CAItLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN U. SMITU 3O "ribene Balldlns
NEW TOUK NF~S STANDS:
TTtlfiorf-Artorla Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
ilutray HIM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASH1\GTOS (D. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO C St.. X. W.
MOKTON E. CRAM2. Correspondent.
BRA\CII OFFICES— CT7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SC o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C3
McAllister, open until 9.20 o'clock. €15 Larkin, open until
f.to o'clock. 3941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. EC1 Market,
ccraer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 306 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twentr-'eecr.d nnd Kentuckr. open until 9 o'clock.
There appears to be but a ¦ single clement in the
ccsc of Cooper, the desperate rascal, which even sug
gests a suspicion of sympathy for him. The several
vomen wlio married him must have been so abso
lutely devoid of sense as to have made his married life
a barcen.
6
No man should object to thick roles on
his shoes, as the objections will soon
wear away.'aMBBnMMHBBi
Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repu-
tlon of Dr. Slecert'a Angostura Bitters un-
cqualed South American tonic. Refuse Imitation.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men oy th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 619 .Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL elace fruit 50c per !b at Tovtnsend's. •
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcarar— "The Proper Caper."
Columbia— "The Highwayman."
Alhambra— "The Ancel of the Alley."
Tivoli— "The Wedding Day."
Central— ••Colleen Bawn."
Central— Benefit performance Thursday right, March 21.
California— "The Telephone Girl."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-house — "La Traviata."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
tnnins.
Fischer" »— Vaudeville.
I'nlon Fquare Hall — Lecture to-nleht. ' " 4
Tallfornla J^iey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanfcran Park— Races.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver InvlgtJrator.
Test Liver Medicine. VegetableCfcre for td T er Ills
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.*"Water Bate Argument.
i Chief Justice" Beatty of the Supreme
Court yesterday Issued an order setting
aside next Thursday for hearing argu
ments on the application for a writ of
prohibition made by Judge Hayne, special
counsel for the city of Oakland in the
water rate case. This application was
made last week and asks that Judge Hart
be enjoined from ordering the City Coun
cil not to fix the water rates for the com
ing fiscal year during the pendency of. the
suit now being tried In the Superior Court
of Alameda County.
Lees to Assist in BQtkin Trial.
Ex-Chief of Police Lees is to take an
active Interest In assisting the prosecu-;
tlon in the second trial; of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin for murder. He Is thoroughly, fa
miliar with all the facts in ; the case and
yesterday had a consultation with Dis
trict Attorney Byington and also with
Chief Sullivan. Judge Cook, when the
proper time arrives, will make an .order
on the State Treasurer; for the expenses
of bringing: the witnesses from" Delaware
and Captain Seymour J will at once ¦ take
steps to locate the local witnesses.V No
effort ' will • be spared to make : a.: completo
case for the. prosecution- when', It comes
to trial.
Mr*. Fay J. Barnes appeared in Judge
Kerrigan's court yesterday morning, ac
companied by her counsel and witnesses,
to prosecute her suit to recover $10,000
damages for breach of promise from
Thomas J. Hemmenway of the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company. After she had
presented her proofs, counsel represent
ing the defendant moved for a nonsuit
on the ground that at the time Hemmen
way asked her to become ~his bride sh;
had no legal or moral right to accept his
offer, for she was already married.
On behalf of Mrs. Barnes it was argue!
that as Hemmenway had advanced $20
toward the expenses of the suit through
which Mrs. Barnes obtained a divorce, in
order that she might bear the name of
Hemmenway, and that aa their engage
ment was announced subsequent to the
Bigning of the decree, Hemmenway could
not plead that the contract to become man
and wife was against public policy ami
void, even though Mrs. Barnes accepted
Hemmenway'8 proposal before freeing
herself from the claims of her former hus
band. Judge Kerrigan will pass on the
motion for a nonsuit this morning.
Mrs. Barnes, who is the daughter of
Dr. James Frost, testified that Hemmen
way first called at her home, 2304 Mission
street, in 1S92, and though she was ma:
rled he was persistent in his attention.
She said Hemmenway advanced $20 to
ward the expenses of her divorce suit, and
when she was free their engagement wae
announced. Subsequently, she continued,
they went to Capitola and registered as
man and wife.
On their return she prepared for her
marriage. She selected Mra. Belle Storm,
then Belle Copphe, for her bridesmaid,
and he announced that his brother would
act as his best man. She spent $100 for a
trousseau, consulted Father McGlnty
about her approaching marriage, but waj
informed that as ebe was a divorced wo
man it was necessary that 6he secure a
special dispensation before she couiil
> marry in tho church.
While theB« preparations were rolng
merrily on Hemmenway, In July of 1837,
went to New York. On his return in No
vember of 1897 she called upon him at his
office and asked him what his sudden de
parture and silence during his absence
meant.
"He told mt that it was all off," con
cluded Mrs. Barnes, "and that I could not
blackmail him. Then I instructed my at
torneys to file suit." '
Dr. Frost, the plaintiff's father, was
next called to the stand. His testimony
was altogether prosaic. He had known of
Hemmenway's frequent calls at his
daughter's home, or at least had heard of
them. He had also heard of their engage
ment and was also the recipient of a let
ter from Hemmenway, in which the writer
stated that he had broken off his engage
ment with Mrs. Barnes, as he had come
to the conclusion that her temper waa
such as to make it impossible for them to
live happily together.
Willis E. Dean, a postofflce clerk; wa/»
the last witness called during the session
by plaintiff's counsel and he proved a sur
prise. Before he had proceeded far he an
nounced that Mrs. Barnes did not always
act ladylike, "because she appeared to like
liquor." •
The motion for a nonsuit was then ar
gued and submitted for decision.
LOSES A HUSBAND
SO WANTS MONEY
Fay Barnes Presses Breach
of Promise Suit Against
T. J. Hemmenway.
Thp McLaughlins in Court.
Alexander and Daniel McLaughlln, the
two Mission roughs who attacked and
r.early killed Sergeant Lewis of the Potre
ro district in Thomas Bryant's house, on
Ilhode Island Eireet, Saturday, appeared
before Judgre Fritz yesterday on the
charge of assault to murder. As no com
rlaint had been sworn to, Sergeant Lewis
being in the care of a physician, the de
fendants were instructed aB to their rights
and the case by consent was continued
until March 26.
Mrs. Ella F. Murray, daughter and sole
heir of the late Mrs. Almira S. Town
send, created a sensation in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday afternoon by
charging Public Administrator Boland
and his attorney, M. C. Hassett, with try
ing to "hold her up for $5000 under threat
that if she did not comply with their de
mand they would keep her mother's estate
in the courts for five years and more if
necessary." Mrs. Murray's charge was
dramatically and vehemently made and
under oath. She rose from the witness
stand, and, with flashing eyes, shook her
finger at Hassett, who waa seated at the
bar, and concluded her indictment with
the remark, quietly made, "Yes, and I of
fered them $2500 to drop their pursuit of
me, because I want my freedom; I want
my freedom." /
Sullivan Makes a Charge.
A preliminary remark made by Attorney
Matt Sullivan, of the firm of Sullivan &
Sullivan, somewhat prepared the court,
attorneys and spectators for the sensa
tion that was to come. A motion for the
distribution of" the late Mrs. Townsend s
$600,000 estate to her daughter, Mrs. Mur
ray, was being argued. During the hours
of the session Hassett had been protesting
against the proposed distribution on the
giound that it would defeat the rights of
the Public Administrator, who was pre
paring his appeal to the Supreme Court
from the order made by Judge Dunne
denying his petition for letters of admin
istration upon Mrs. Townsend's estate and
granting the same to Ella F. Murray.
Hassett quoted authorities and cited facts,
but just as persistently the opposing coun
sel wo.uld assail the legaUlabrlc he, was
building and from the intimations let fall
from time to time by the court, success
fully SO.
Finally, Matt Sullivan, worried at the
peristent resistance to his application for
distribution on behalf of Mrs. Murray,
rose from his chair and addressing the
court, said:
"If it please the court, the threat has
been made that if certain demands are not
complied with this case will be kept in the
courts for live years. We are not willing
to be stood up for money and we ask this
court to fully investigate the right of
those opposing this application to do so."
I Hassett made no reply, though it was
clear that his side of the case was being
I aimed at.
Mrs. Murray's Indictment.
Judge Troutt ordered that the argument
on the application for distribution proceed,
but Mr. Sullivan stated that he would
first call Mrs. Murray to the stand. Mrs.
Murray, without hesitation, mounted the
steps to the witness stand and waa sworn.
"Is it not a fact," -questioned Attorney
Sullivan, "that Mr. Hassett demanded, on
behalf of himself and the Public Adminis
trator, the sum of $500 under the threat
that if the same was not paid this estate
could be kept in court for five years?"
"Yes," answered Mrs. Murray, rising
frcm her chair. "They demanded $5000 of
me. tl offered them $2500 to quit their
pursuit of me, but they would not take It.
I did not feel that they were entitled to
any money; I knew they were not, but I
would pay them, to cease this litigation,
because 1 want my freedom; I want my
freedom."
"That is all," said Attorney Sullivan,
and Mrs. Murray started from the stand,
when she was halted by Hassett's words,
"Wait a moment, madam."
Hassett Takes the Witness.
Mrs. Murray returned to the. stand.
"Is It not a fact that you first called upon
me and offered to compromise with my
office and for that purpose said you were
willing to give $2500?" asked Haasett.
"Yea. I did call on you and you said
that you would see Mr. Boland and let me
know."
"Did I ever demand $5000 from you in re
turn for the promise to drop this litiga.
tion?" continued Hassett.
"You did not personally," answered
Mrs. Murray tartly, "but you did through
my agent, John T. Harmes. Mr. Harmes
came to me and said that you had seen
Mr. Boland and that you would not take
$2500, but told him that if I did not give
you J5000 you would keep me in the courts
for five years and more, if necessary. Mr.
Harmes told me this, but he came direct
ly from you."
"I am sorry- that Mr. Harmes' name
should have been drawn into this dis
pute," said Hassett, addressing the court,
"but it seema that in this case these dis
putes cannot be avoided. I will ask the
court to order all of this testimony and
the remarks of counsel bearing upon this
alleged 'hold-up' stricken from the
record."
Charges Are Stricken Out.
Judge Troutt granted the motion and as
the entire dispute was expunged from the
record the incident is closed. After the
granting of the motion to strike out,
counsel proceeded with the argu
ment of the petition . for distribution,
which, at the close of the sitting, was
submitted for decision.
Public Administrator Boland manifest
ed no astonishment when he heard of
Mrs. Murray's charge. He said:'
"I would not be surprised at any thing
that woman might do or say." He was
Indignant that any such accusation had
been made -against him and stated that
there had never been any . attempt to
make a compromise in the matter of the
Townsend estate on his part or on that
of his lawver.
"The only time anything was ever said
about settling the case out of court," said
Mr. Boland, "was one night recently,
when Mrs. Murray called at my house for
the purpose of making some kind of a
proposition. She was shown in and sat
down on the edge of a chair. She fidget
ed around for a. minute or two and then
asked me to close the door. I told, her
that there was no one in the house who
would publish anything she might have
to say. She began very softly and said
she wanted to effect a compromise. I
told her that I did not believe In com
promising cases and that I only wanted
my rights.
Mrs. Murray Becomes Excited.
Boland Deni?s Charges.
"Mrs. Murray became excited then and
said: 'I have plenty- of money and can
stick it out.' 'I told her that I was glad
of that and that while I didn't have any
too much myself I always liked to see
other people have plenty. She began to
make so much noise then that she was
disturbing the house, and I got up and
closed the door. She tried to argue the
case, with me, but I told her the courts
were the proper place for that. Then she
ran through all her family history, crying
and pleading with me. I did not want to
throw her out bodily, for she was In my
own house, but I couldn't persuade her to
stop her noise and go out peaceably. She
made all ¦ sorts of appeals to me in an
attempt to induce me to give up my case.
"We never got far enough to mention
the question of dollars and cents, because
I refused to discuss the matter at all.
She made me promise not to tell that she
had been up there and I never mentioned
it to any one till I heard that- she was
spreading all sorts of stories about It, and
then I considered that I had no reason
to keep silent on the matter.
"So far as I know there never was any
discussion about a compromise '< between
the lawyers. The charge she made
against me Js untrue and utterly with
out foundation. I repudiate It entirely."
Boland stated that he thought he was
right in the case and would conscientious
ly, try to win it. The evidence adduced at
the trial was enough to show that Mrs.
Murray was not a resident of. the State,
he said, and showed nothing but her "in
tention" to become one. Hence, Mr. Bo
land concluded, he had a right to letters
in the estate of the late Almira S. Town
send and would continue to believe so
until the appellate court held otherwise..
BANNISTER LOSES
HIS GOLD WATCH
E. D. Bannister, mining promoter and
guest at the Occidental Hotel, is having a
nerve-racking time endeavoring to placate
his creditor, L. Slsenvine, distributer of
cigars at the Palace Hotel, who has a
claim of $500 against him. Sisenvine had
Bannister up before Judge Graham yes
terday on an order to show cause, and De
fore the proceedings were over the Sheriff
had an order to attach Bannister's gold
watch, a present made him twenty years
ago, and $100 in gold. , '
Abandoning the matter of a receiver for
a time, counsel questioned Bannister as
to his immediate resources. Bannister ad
mitted that he had a gold watch and
about 5100 in gold. Counsel Immediately
moved that the court mane an order di
recting him to strip himself of his gold
and jewelry. Bannister then said that he
did not have all of the money with him.
Judge Graham then made an order direct
ing him to forthwith get his gold and jew
elry together and turn the same over to
the Sheriff, to apply upon the Judgment.
Bannister said he would obey the court,
and was about to leave the room when he
was informed that he was to return on
the 25th lnst. to give counsel a further op
portunity to examine into the condition of
his exchequer.
On Order of Examination He Admits
He Has a Timepiece and Some
Money Which Creditor Sis
envine Will Now Get.
Court Orders Him to Sur
render It to the
- Sheriff.
The tailor who makes a specialty of
pressing trousers finds his business in
creasing.
On April 12 the parties above mentioned
will have to appear before the Circuit
Court Judge in Los Angeles to show cause
why the provisional order should not be
made ¦ permanent. The disposition of the
valuable oil lands left by Cuoco will thus
be made by the Federal courts. It Is un»
derstood that information is in the hands
of the attorneys for the absent heirs, that,
previous to the " sale of the oil lands by
Public Administrator Drinkhouse he in
spected the property and was accompanied
by Attorney Ruef.
The solicitors for the absent heirs are T
J. Lyons and General S. E. ¦ Houghton.
When the mandate of the Circuit Court
was presented to Judge Troutt yesterday
the hearing of the litigation in the Cuoco
estate was not proceeded with. • The or
der of the Circuit Court restrained Baci
galupi, Wagy, Canale and .Lamberson
from appearing in any of the proceedings
in the Superior Court and Judge Troutt
decided that it would be best to put the
entire matter over for a month. . :
A significant fact mentioned in the com
plaint is that oh January 26, the day after
Serra sold the property, Bacigalupi con
veyd a one-sixth interest in the land to D.
Canale; M. B. Wagy received a one- third
interest and Lamberson also received a
third.
Bacigalupi Divides Property.
The complaint allcpes that .Bacigalupi
and his attorney, Lamberson, induced
Italian Consul Serra to sell the interest
of the absent heirs to the estate for $800
by representing, by gross fraud and de
ceit, that the property was worth but very
little. The complaint avers that Serra
was told on January 25 by Bacigalupi and
Lamberson that the heirs would get noth
ing unless the property was sold on that
date and that Drinkhouse and Ruef would
so manage that the heirs would get noth
ing.-.
Bacigalupi and Lamberson are further
charged with having told Serra that a
suit had been brought against Drink
house by a person who laid claim to the
property and that Drinkhouse was In col
lusion and would not defend the suit. The
complaint alleges that the heirs subse
quently discovered that M. S. Wagy had
tiled such a suit and that Lamberson was
the attorney in the case.
By representations of fraud and deceit,
the complaint avers, Serra was In
duced to sell the Kern County land to
Bacigalupi and did so on account of the
representations of Lamberson.
Gross Fraud Is Charged.
On February 11, the date set for the
hearing of the return of sale by Drink
house to Bohls, the matter was not on
the calendar which is printed daily and
the complaint states that it was placed
on the same by verbal application.
The complaint alleges that the import
ant documents above mentioned were
from February 1 to February 11 kept from
the court records and were in the posses
sion of A. Ruef, attorney for Public Ad
ministrator Drinkhouse, and that from
February 1 to February 11 there was
nothing to indicate to interested parties
that important documents, signed by tho
Judge of the court, were in the possession
of Ruef. when they should have been on
record. ' • ¦
On February 11 Judge Troutt confirmed
the sale of the Kern County land made by
Administrator Drinkhouse to Bohls, and
with the expose by the press of the man
ner in -which valuable land had been sold
for a mere song the court set aside the
order of sale on the next day.
The complaint alleges that the order of
February 1 setting aside all previous pro
ceedings and the order fixing February
11 as the date for hearing the return of
sale were not filed until February 11, thus
rendering it impossible for the heirs or
any one else to know of the confirmation.
The complaint alleges that the vacating
ordeft- and order of return for confirmation
of sale were not entered In the records
of the court and no prior notice of the
confirmation was made to any one.
Court Documents Suppressed.
On December 28, 1900. Drinkhouse was
ordered by Judge Troutt to sell by auction
the land in Kein County, and notices of
sale were published. The notice of sale
was first published on January 5 of the
present year. On January 31 last Drink
house Hied a return of sale, claiming to
have sold the property to H. Bohls for
$2000.
On February 1 Judge Troutt set aside
all previous proceedings in the matter
and Drinkhouse' filed another return of
sale to H. Bohls for $2000. The court then
fixed February 11 as the date for the
hearing of the return and the confirma
tion of the same.
Sold Land for $2000.
The complaint sets forth that Giovanni
Cuoco, otherwise known as John Cook,
died on September 24, 1899, in San Fran
cisco, and that J. A. Drinkhouse was ap
pointed administrator of the estate on
November 1 following. On November 27,
IKK), Drinkhouse filed an inventory of
Cuoco's estate, which included 160 acres
of land in the McKittrick oil fields, in
Kern County. It is alleged that, the ap
praisement of <he land was made by per
sons who never set eyes on, the property.
The absent .heirs, all of whom are in
Italy, are the brothers and nephews of
Cuoco, deceased, and In their complaint,
through Consul Serra, their attorney in
fact, they tell a remarkable story of how
property worth many thousands of dol
lars was sold for a nominal sum.
The absent, heirs of Cuoco, represented
by. Italian Consul Serra, in" a complaint
filed in Los Angeles charge former Public
Administrator John A; Drinkhouse and
Attorney A. Ruef with having suppressed
the recording_of documents In the admin
istration of the estate left by Cuoco, and
further charge that T. Bacigalupi, D. Ca
nale.-M. C. Wagy and Attorney Charles
G- Lamberson practiced fraud and deceit
in inducing Italian Consul Serra to sell
the real property of Cuoco for a nominal
sum. . •
Proceedings before Superior Judge
Troutt in the litigation over the estate of
Giovanni Cuoco, otherwise known as John
Cook, were brought to a sensational stop
yesterday morning by the mandate of the
Circuit Court of the United States for the
Ninth Circuit, Southern District of Cali
fornia.
. A" man must often pocket his pride, but
women have no pockets.
SOLDIERS STILL
BENT ON REVENGE
Demeanor of Privates Shows
an Intent to Damage
Property. -.
Police Officers and Military Officials
Making Every Effort to De
termine Truth of
INVESTIGATION
OF RIO WRECK
Herzog says he will remain away from
the Presidio for a week or so in the hope
that those who took part In the riot will
leave in that time. He has been advised
by friends, however to transact his busi
ness by proxy, as the soldiers never for
get an injury, whether real or fancied.
No arrests hare been made since the
trouble began. The Police Department is
investigating the charges made by the
soldiers, and the military officials are do
ing everything m their power to find out
if there Is any reason for the numerous
complaints made. "
Extra precautions were taken last
night by the military authorities to pre
vent the soldiers burning, as they threat
ened, the property of Herzog. An armed
guard was sent to the corner of Green
wich and Lyon streets just after retreat,
and the members of the guard, with the
assistance of the police, under Sergeant
Harper, kept the soldiers moving. By
10:30 o'clock there was hardly a man to
be seen on the street.
N. K. Herzog, whose business dealings
with 'the soldiers* have caused id much
trouble, does not dare to make an ap
pearance at hi3 store. He la compelled to
entrust his business to clerks, who are
working under conditions that render
their position dangerous. The soldiers
congregate in the neighborhood of the
pawnshop, and while they make no overt
movement it can plainly be seen from
their demeanor that they have not forgot
ten the treatment afforded their comrade.
The proprietor of the store is kept posted
by means of tha telephone, as his appear
ance among the soldiers would precipitate
the outbreak that is threatened.
A great many* of the sVdlers who took
part in the ' riots of Sunday and Monday
nights departed yesterday for Manila, but
they left behind them tales of the evil
doings of the storekeepers that will be
told to the newcomers. The result of all
these stories is awaited with anxiety by
the merchants/and the military authori
ties know of no way to prevent the im
pending trouble.
There is trouble in store for the keepers
of the shops near the entrance to the
Presidio. The events of the last few
nights have sharpened the appetites of
the soldiers foe revenge, and unless pre
caution is taken it is feared that the
neighborhood of the military reservation
will witness scenes of destruction and
strife. '-':-'¦¦ .;-'.' :' :
Pilot Commission Inquiry
Into Jordan's Conduct ,
Begins,
Jordan also requested that R. H. Long
of Petaluma, who was a passenger on the
Rio, be called as a witness, together with
George Seaman of the steamer Czarina.'
The commission decided that other, wit
nesses than those who had been "previous
ly : examined might be called, and the
meeting was therefore postponed without
further action till Wedncsda* morning, in
order that time might te given for con
sideration of the names or those wl oss
testimony may be of value. ,.
Jordan was asked If he wished to be
represented by : an attorney, but he re
fused, saying that all he wanted was a
thorough and Impartial investigation in
which iiB: felt he would be entirely freed
from blame for tho disaster. ¦
The only witness called yesterday morri
ingr was Port Captain Barber. Mr. Barber
testified as to Jordan's previous service,
his excellent character and sober habits.
Pilot Jordan, he said, had always been
careful and reliable. ; Some objection was
made to the presence of Attorney McAl •
ister and he volunteered to leave, but it
was finally decided that. he' should re
main, as he said his purpose in attending
the investigation was purely In the line of
business. The Pacific Mail has many law
suits on its hands as a result of the
wreck, and it is a matter of some impor
tance to the company as to who shall be
declared officially responsible in the mat
ter. ' . ,-.V ...:,-,,,-< ; - ./
Secretary Eddie Conroy of the Pilot
Commissioners stated the purpose of the
meeting and | said that the investigation.
was to be conducted in the most impartial
manner. Captain Alexander -then told
Jordan publicly that if tho commission de
cided that he was In any way responsible
for the sad accident the only course open
to the members was to dismiss him from
the service. If In that case Jordan should
feel that he had been, unjustly dealt with
he could appeal to the civil courts for
exoneration. If, however, the commission
should find that Jordan was In no way re
sponsible for the loss of the Rio he would
be restored to his former position, from
which he Is now suspended awaiting the
result of the investigation, and no further
action would be deemed necessary. " r
The State Board of Pilot Commissioners
met at Its rooms on Battery street yester
day rnorning 1 ' for '. the purpose of making
an investigation as to Pilot Frederick "W.
Jordan's responsibility for the Rio do Ja
neiro disaster. Commissioners R. S. Alex
ander, Charles Pratt and "William Leale
were all present, together with Pilot Jor
dan and Attorney McAllister, represent
ing the Pacific Mail Company.
Charges Public Administrator ahd At
torney With Attempted Extortion.
Cuoco Estate in Federal Court
MRS. MURRAY MAKES
SERIOUS ACCUSATION
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, TUESDAY/ m^CH 19, '1901.
7
4 Special Bargains
For Tuesday, and Wednesday.
iira^J, 1st Special Bargain.
J^fc^^ft ELEGANT TAFFETA SILK WAIST, pleated in the Eton
B|_J*: _3wr effect and finished with gold battlce; all colors; value
tBJ"^ W for 53 60. • ' • - . .
j^V/ Special for S days «J>O«VfVr
/^5^^^ 2d Specfal Bargain.
/rl^^^X^^y. HANDSOME BLACK TAFFETA SILK SKIKT, pleated and
\'f\ {yvWA^SvVv'A '-'¦" "ru«led; it |20 00 value.
il IKHIi Special for 2 uiy». *..:..'..... $15.00
IsMlflliiJ 3d s P ecia ? Bar 9 ain - :
'tXwNnWjIWUf ¦'¦ ALL-WOOL VENETIAN CLOTH DRESS, silk lined Jacket,
' ¦¦vWWHaUillff . new Eton revere and collar gold trimmed, ¦ flounced skirt,
"\\^}\^^imf gold braid finished ; a f20 00 value. ..
¦¦' ¦¦¦AvVm '"."¦' / Special for 4 2 days........... ,.5j)lO.vrVr
r^R 4th Special Bargain.
• |\ M) NEW SHORT AUTO BOX JACKETS, '-[ made in flna
J\ '-.'¦-¦¦¦."'¦ Coverts • or Kersejr, all' silk lined throughout; a
Special for 2 days <I> I*»OU;'
MISCELLANEOUS.
»FA 1 I US hN S
; "THE CARPET STORE," Cop. 16th & Mission.
\ THIS PHENOMENALLY LOW OFFER PREVAILS
| FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
t It is an opportune to secure the finest spring patterns
of Carpets and Curtains at about two-thirds regular price.
* Even at this special low price we include all the new arrivals
J of finest weaves of the highest grades of Axminsters, as well
4 as the cheaper grades of Brussels and Ingrains. We espe-
* cially call the attention of buyers to the fine grade of Inlaid
J Tile Linoleum we are offering at $1.35 a yard.
* Bi^elow Axminsters. . ..$1.45 w j ii V* ± n a
; Middlesex Axminster S ...$i.55 i«aae=Up Carpet Kugs
I Lowell Body Brussels....$1.25
* Brussels Carpets 50c '^!o° : : l ISS^S^^^Ml^^
4 •.-•¦ . -. __, 8:3x10:6 Brussels" 1O.OO .
x Incrain Carpets 35c 8:3x11 "• wutom 25.00
T _ r _ > j These ru_s are made up from remnants of
* StmSOn lapeStrV CarOetS 85C fln * st erades of Brussels and Axminsters.
i *. L J v_t*» i^io..v>ji< ! with borders to match, and have been re-
Smith's Carpets . 50c duced to almost * reMlar coat -
I Best Linen Warp Mattin'o-*20c R0YAL WILT0N RUGS
X _. . . »oip.uauui b ._UU FULL SPRING LINE OF PATTERNS.
Linoleum 45c Sire 12x9 -gii;?S s El "^ao 1813 * 28
t Sale of Carriages and Go=Carts
T *^_S_a__. Carriages like design, full
* CO rcc(i body, rubber tires, steel
** *r«M / 1 Z^^^^Srt^^^^* wheels, patent footbrake, run-
* ty\J**dU /^y&^^itiHj^r^^^Kb_ i»ing gear finished in preen
'•• TTTAnmtT ¦Sfjjfflfljsff?^^ enamel, upholstered in cordu-
* WORTH —* sb^"^"'*"-^ rO y. parasol made of per-
* . caline, with lace Cfi Tc
I "pfUl^^Ql^v hood top giry> . T! 1 . 1 ! $ 9 - 50
? Mone y back if not sat ~
* xLdJs^ \jfiSj '^*--«^^^ Write for Catalogue of
* >Ci \j£r Children's Carriages.
i Lace Curtain and Drapery Bargains
•^ Below- We Give a List of a Few of the Bargains and Prices.
* <sl 9^ Nottineb.am Lace Cur-i Cable Net Curtains-Designs copied
«> ijl»~.<j tains— white or ecru— over from the real Battenberg and Arabian
locked corded edge — heavy net — many lace curtains — a rare opportunity at
in real lace patterns — special, $1.25 pair. $3.00. Others at $5.00 per *K*i OO
* S4.25 6 ? 0 - l **^^fei-«S?£ B^ the
v , . tains-deep Arabian lace, handsomest Brussels patterns-in fine
coloring, with tine corded effect— nets for handsome parlor curtains—
seme in xrhite — very artistic patterns — c- ra nVi int at kqv others <l» « *~v-r
<^ rare bargain at $4.25. Others at $3.00. ff 3^ 'so....?... _.„..„„.."... $3.95
* fsft OO Genuine Battenbere Irish Point Curtains." $.'?. 2. ">-Fish
. t?\J»\J\J I^ace Curtain S— real lace Net Curtains, $1.25; Ruffled Muslin Cur-
insertions and lace edge — made up in theitains — an almost endless variety of new
* best Saxony nets — very special, $6.00. 1 patterns at 75c. Others »tc«
Others at 13.00. lat$2.50 »OW
Portieres— The manufacturer's entire stock— Bagdad, Kelim, Persian and
many rich colored effects, reproduced from antique hangings— many exclusive
* — at practically mill prices, ranging from J3.00 a pair. Others <Jrff_ i\f\
at $4.00 and €J>O»V»V/
* Couch. Covers — A great quantity of good, strong, serviceable sofa cover-
#> Ings— in aJl the new spring colorings— a matchless offering— at $2.50. Others up
I to $6.00.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
An sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stcres sell it, especially druggists.
II A I A n F These hotels pos-
rALAut sess the attributes
j that tourist3 and
nnn travelers appreciate
OIIU —central location,
P D A M R liberal manage-
UllAliU ment, modern ap-
l|f>Tri O pointments and
HUIlLoi P^fect cuisine,
II U I L.LUJ Ameri can and Eu-
Sail FrailClSCO. ropean plans.
CANDY CATHARTIC^.
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "fust as good.
:'¦ ' '-*->*>¦ _____ ' ' '":- : ¦-''•"
ATWTTRWM KM'I'fl.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
SEIl BB I UO COMPANY.
Under the Direction of C. I* Graff.
To-morrow (Wednesday) Evening;. Only Per-
formance of Verdi's
MADAME SEMBRICH AS VIOLETTA,
Mmes. Mattfeld and Varezzi— MM. Bensaude,
Vanni. Dado. Rossi. Galazzi and d'Aublsmet
Saturday Matinee, March 23d, Donizetti's
DON PASQUALE,
GRAND ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
Conductor. Sigrnor Bevignani.
Repertoire .Second Week to B« Announced.
Scale of Prices— U 60, $2, $3 and J5. Gallery
(unreserved), $1. General Admission, J3. Seats
Now on Sale at Box Office.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
¦ * Alfred Bouvler, Resident Representative.
ftftl BBii&l A SWI FEMICISCO'8
vUlaUlfBDlA LEADING THEATRE
LAST 6 NIGHTS-MATTNED SATURDAT.
DE KOVEN & SMITH'S OPERA.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer,
' LA LOIE FULLER,
In the VArchangel" and "Tempest."
Friday Night— SOUVENIR EVENT.
Autograph . Photo and Floral Souvenir.
. BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
First Time in This City,
Charles Frohman Will Present the Success of
"The Little Minister/'
By J. M. BARRIE,
Founded on His Novel of the Same Name.
BEATS READY THURSDAY.
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
ATI
"IT'S A HUGE SUCCESS."
The verdict of the bis: crowd that heard
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
BOOK BY STANISLAUS STANGE,
MUSIC BY JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAR PRICES .....25c and 50o
Telephone— Bush 9.
•FIQnff fR'Q" concert house.
riaUillLn O Admission lOc.
The Flechtls, Sam Holdworth, Olive Vail. Lil-
lian Jeanette, Chas. VV. Cogill. Trixeda, B. A.
Bentley, Chester, and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Re-
served Seats, 23c. . Matinee Sunday. ° ¦
J\ LECTURE
ON "A TRIP TO THE JAPANESE EM-
. pire" an4 one month of the realm of the
Mikado, by.W.-E. ROBINSON, author of *'Ex-
pfcriences of a Stowaway,", etc. Admission 25c
UNION SQUARE HALL, March 19, 1901, 8 p.m.
HONEY'S BOYS' CONCERT CO., of CMcajo.
In GRAND CONCERT with
BLATCHFORD KAVANAGH.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
FRIDAY. EVENING. March 23.
Only appearance this season.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Don't Worry
Over your laundry work — let us do it for
you. Our ¦work is a marvel to those who
have never seen the beauty cf the finish
and immaculate color with which It is
tent home, and it's cure to please you.
What we advertise we do. By aiming
igh we please the most critical, and by
charging low we tickle the economical.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it. Ko saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office* 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
loSoolAFUATisRED !'
CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.;:
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.;!
SAFE. b*r«use their wheels were fitted
with the MORROW COASTER BRAKE. |
The wheel is always under control.
SATISFIED, because the MORROW 1 ,
COASTER BRAKE <Sld Ju«t what w«/
claimed for it: ;\
"RIDE FIFTY MILES. BUT PEDAL
OXLT THIRTY-FIVE MILES."
Have your new twentieth century blcy- 1
cle fitted with H, or put it on your old, 1
wheel. Fits any bicycle, and is guaran-
teed to give satisfaction. Booklet free. .
ECLIPSE MFG. CO.. Klmira. New York. 1
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
I KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
sale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & BOMES CS. C. MASON, agreat^
101 Chronicle bide.. Ban Francisco.
AT) U k K.T i ?4 k MTc hi '1'a.
/BggLAril trvo
8IGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain i>»
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small ,Pricc
\
AMUSEMENTS.
'. Phone South 63X
To-night and every- evening this week.
Regular Matinee Saturday and ; Sunday.
Dion Boudcault's Great Irish Drama. .
COLLEEN BAWN.
James M. Ward as Myles Na Coppale«n.
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
SEE THE GREAT CAVE SCENE.
DDiriTV Evenings lOc. 15c. 33c. 3Oe
inlvtO Matinees....! lOe. 13e. 2S«
NEXT WEEK-"UNCLE TOM'S CXSCX."
BEL A SCO & T HALL'S
CENTRALTBEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21,1901
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOW9
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS "WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THB DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THB
S.S.RIODJUANEIRO
-•'I Given Under the Auspices of ti»
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEITXC1AI* ASSO-
CIATION No. SB.
Tickets ¦ ¦ One Dollar*
....WILX. MAKE YOU SM1LB....
TO-NIGHT an 0 d p b^ b n k! 8
The Funniest Farce on Earth,
The Proper Caper
From the Madison Square Tnaater, Ntw Tork
qty.
PRICES— 15c 2Se. Be, Me.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Next Week-T00~MUCH JOHNSON.
"nevbr"bbtter.^
SMITH & CAMPBELL; TECHOW*8 CATS:
COAKLET A IIUSTED; AiirEL; BT7NTK
& RUDD CO.; MR. and MRS. MARK
MURPHY; BEATRICE MOREULND U
CO.: LES MASCAGNO.
PAPINTA>
Reserved Eeats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opem
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE SOUTH 770 .
EVERT EVENING— MATINEE BATURDAT.
The Mammoth and Master Melodramatic '
Production of th« "World!
I I ITT-T-n THE BIG NEW YORK
J. } » " i SENSATION.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS ,
Ever achieved by & new company in & new play.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITTt
PRICES
15c 25c 35e— — gQo.
*
THIS WEEK— FAREWELL!
JUST THINK OF IT !!
SATURDAY NIGHT— LAST TTMBt
BRIGHT, PRETTY, | 18 „
CHARMING, CLEVER J THB
TELEPHONE
GIRL! HELL0> MAIH l731 !
•TM TOUR BOSS— TES."
EVENING 25c, X3c. Me. 75e. H.08
MATINEE ~ 25c. BOc. 73o
RACESJS 1 "
THE SAN FRAN-3ISG3 JOCKEY CLUB.
Week March U to 23, six high-class noes
each day.
First race dally at 2:10 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend, 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 12:40.
1, 1:30, 2 p. m. Returning, leave track 4:15 and
thereafter at short Intervals. Rear ears re-
served for ladles.
Week of March 23. SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
ADMISSION, INCLUDING R. R. FARE. $1.2Sv
MILTON S. LATHAM, Secretary.
E. 3. POWER, Racing Secretary.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
FRIDAY NIGHT. March 23, at 8:15.
FAREWELL POPULAR RECITALt
CARRBNO,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
POPULAR PRICE— *1. NO HIGHER!. "Re-
ferred seats en sale at Sherman, Clay & Ctx's.On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
Mirl;ct #vas dull; creamery. 153214c: dairy.
Cash ' quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. -3 spring, wheat, , 69@73%c; No. 2 red!
77c: No. 2 com, 40Uc: No. 2 yellow. 40Hc; No
2 oats, 26c; No. 2 . white, 28@29c; No. 3 white
27«i2S4c; No.- 2 rye.- 62@53c; fair to choice
malting barley. 60@57V£e: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 64;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 65; prime timothy
peed. $4; mess pork. ' per barrel. $15 75@15 80
lard, per 100 • pounds; $7 724®7 774: ¦ short-rib
Fides (loose), $7 45@7 60; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $6 50© 6 75; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 80418; whisky, basis .of high. wines, $127
clover, contract grade, $10 65© 10 75. . • ¦• j .
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
March. 75T4 75% •¦ ¦ 75« 75U
April 76 76 76>4 75U
May 77K 77* 76 76%
Corn No. 2— - r ' :. -.-. .
March .... • .... .... . 4014
May 414 4U4 4U4 4U4
July}.:..;:.... 41H 41H 41% 41V4
Oats. No. 2—
March 2414 . 24Vi - 24H 24M
May 2514 25V4 25 25V4
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May ...15 70 15 90 15 65 15 90
July 15 10 15 15 14,95 35 10
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦
May 7 72^ 7 774 7 674 7 77'4
July 7 774 7 854 7 724 7 80
September ..: 7 824 ' 7 85 7 774 7 85'
fc-hort Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 7 47V4 \>1 674 7 474 7 65
feeptember . . . ...... 7 60 7 674 . 7 474 ' ' 7 55 . '
were all c->iu>plcuously strong. The weakness
of the coalers was due to fears of a miners'
strike. Great Northern preferred reacted on
profit-taking on the- declaration of the etock
pubsoriptlon rights. The gain In the principal
Fieel etocks extended from 2 to 6 points and
they held better than any others. " Burlington's
extreme rise was 4=4. Manhattan's 4H and a
larg»i number of the other most prominent
clocks from 2 to S. Northwestern preferred
Jumped 7. The taking of speculative profits
caused Tilde reactions at times, but the un
dertone continued etronj to the close, although
Isst prices of msny stocks were notably below
the best.
The railroad bond market continued active,
bet was reactionary in ppots on profit-taking.
Total sales, par value. }6,t*£,000.
I'nited States refunding 2s advanced H Per
cer.i oa the last call.
NEW YORK. March IS.— The course of events
in lact week's stock rs&rket led up to to-day's
excitement on the Stock Exchange. The pow
erful professional ppeculators who had been
manipulating prices for an advance for a long
time taw the proml3« of their reward In the
growing outside interest In the market. The
relief afforded by Saturday's bank statement
pa.-, a pretty good assurance of an Increased de
mand for stocks this mor&lng. The public
appetite was whetted by several announce
ments, which either came very opportunely for
the purpose or were set afloat with a view of
their eSect. One of the greatest difficulties
which the professional bulls have had to con
tend with tu the dragging tendency cf the
rteel clocks, under the apprehension that when
th<» new United States Steel Corporation Flocks
ere Introduced on the Stock Exchange they
may prove weak and have an unsettling in
fluence on the general market. The report that
the Rockefeller lrcn interests In the Lake Su
prlor region were to be Included In the steel
merger therefore proved very opportune for
the bulls and awakened the steel stocks from
their dormant state Intc strength and activity.
It was very difficult to tecure any authoritative
confirmation of the transaction and no details
were vouchsafed of the terms or whether any
Increase in the propos<*C capital Issue of the
great eteel corporation was Involved. The
rtock of that corporation was active and buoy
ant in the curb rr.arka: in sympathy with the
movements of other stocks on the exchange.
There was a continuance of the excited specu
lation In Burlington on the publication of the
circumstantial assertions that President J. J.
Hill of the Great Northern had secured con
trol cf the Burlington. Burlington's insiders
were inclined to deprecate these assertions.
IcivlEg color to the belief that competitive buy
ing for control was suing on. It was confi
dentially 6tated that the New Tork Central
had secured control of the Manhattan and
would guarantee a dividend of 6 per cent.
This Ftaterr.ent received an emphatic denial
from the president of the New York Central.
General Electric's advance was an outgrowth
of the supposition that the new control of the
Manhattan would hasten Its electrical equip
ment. The rise in the other grangers was pal
pably in eyrnpathy with Burlington. Ht. Paul
alone hanging back. Missouri Pacific seemed
to be marked up in an endeavor to revive the
rtrength of the Southwesterns, but the ma
neuver proved without effect. A number of
rpedaJties moved independently. including
Sugar, Tobacco, Consolidated Gas, People's
G*js and American Snuff preferred. The New
York, Chicago and fit. Louis etocks, Paciflc
Coast second preferred. Lake Erie and West
ern preferred and .Louisville and Nashville
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The leading futures ranged ss follows
CHICAGO. March 18.— May wheat opened %@
54c lower at 77Hc to.76%c. with long Interests
endeavoring to rid themselves of holdings,
which suddenly became worthless to them
when they summed up the situation early.
Liverpool failed to reflect Saturday's advance
here. To this potent consideration were added
heavy world"s shipments, a big Increase on
passage and liberal receipts at spring wheat
points. To make the situation more bearish,
Nebraska reported that the condition of wheat
In that State was 14 per cent better than at
the same period a year ago. A remnant of the
bull force rallied to the support of the market
and succeeded In causing a rally to 77tt@7"'4c
following the opening. Desertion from their
already thinned ranks soon rendered further
resistance useless, as outside aid which had
been hoped for failed to materialize. The heavy
primary receipts, small seaboard clearances
a.pd disappointingly light visible decrease to
gether with the lack of export inquiry, were
Influences which struck the market after It
had declined %<\ and many sold out Longs
were reported to have sold short under 77c.
Under this pressure May slumped to 76c. It
took all* forenoon to accomplish this decline
The trade had been excited and large. At the
bottom transactions fell off In volume and the
pit became more quiet for spot. Shorts took
profits and the market rallied to 76Hc, but
closed heavy at IVic lower at 76%c.
The corn market enjoyed a fair portion of at
tention, displaying a firmness which was con
spicuous In comparison with the weakness In
the neighboring wheat pit. May closed U©Uo
lower at 41%©41»/4c. The July option attracted
considerable attention and ruled Uc over May
Oats were moderately active and ateady lri
sympathy with corn and on a fair cash de
mand. May closed He lower at 25V4C
Provisions nhowed some uneasiness early on
the liberal run of hogs at the local yards, but
a good cash demand and the fact that receipts
at the chief Western markets showed a falling
oft* from last year caused a rally later, and the
close was firm. May pork closed 20c higher-
May lard closed 7>4c up," and May ribs closed
7>4c Improved.
BKANS— Bayos. $2 6002 75: Small White. S4 60
@4 SO: Large , White.. $4@4 25; Pink. $19002 15;
Ked. $3ft3 60; Blackeye, S3@3 25; Llmas. ! $5 1ZQ
5 90; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $3 75@4 per ctl.
¦ SEEDS — Brown Mustard; ' nominal; .Yellow
Mustard/nominal; Flax. $2 50«3; Canary. 3H0
3%c for Eastern; : Alfalfa, 7tf@Sttc for Califor
nia and 9@9V4c forUtah;'Rape, 2@2ftc; Hemp,
3Wc: Timothy. «Vic.
Stocks of Pink Beans are reported heavy and
this description Is weak, ¦•; though most . holders
are ' unwilling to give way. Other . sorts . are
firmly held. . "' •-
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5©S: Wheat, $11©13; Wheat
and Oat. $9@12: Oat. $9@11 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. SS@9 60: Barley, $7 50@9 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35047%c per bale. ';.¦¦¦.
s FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17®17 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 123026: jobbing
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $250
25 M>: Cracked Corn, , $25 60@26; Mixed Feed.
ii5®i6. . -..-¦-.. 5- :
MIDDLINGS— S16 50(819 60 per ton.
• Hay was easy under receipts of over 750
tons. . There was nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN-$15@15 60 per ton.
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
FLOUR— California .Family Extras, S3 25O
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras.' S3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 7502 S5 per barrel for family and
(2 7503 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
03.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 'per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, S2 75; Ry e
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75
extra cream do. S3 60: Oat Groats, S4 50; Hom
iny, S3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4©4 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 60; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), it 10
©7 60; In sacks. $5 7307 25; Pearl Barley, S5;
Split Peas, S5; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second SeBslon— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No Bales.
OATS— The market was quoted quiet as
usual, with • no ' change in quotations.
White,. SI 25®t 43; Surprise, nominal: Red,
SI 25@1 40 for Feed and SI 35®1 45 for Seed ;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. . SH7H01 20:
for Seed. SI 25(31 30 per ctl.
CORN — Neglected and ' nominal. '
Yellow, SI 10@l 15; White, SI 10©l 13; East
ern mixed. SI 12% per ctl.
RYE— 80<3S2tfo per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 77V4c for choice bright, 75@76%c for
No. \ and 72%®73%e for off grades: Brewing
and Shipping grades, S0@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal. . \
BARLEY— The advance of Saturday was not
maintained, and rales were few. though the
market was not particularly weak.
Afternoon Session— May — 2000 ctls, SI OL De
cember—4000. $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
SI 00%: 6OC0, SI 01%: 4000. SI OlVi. - December—
4000, SI 03^;. 2000. $105%: 8000, SI 05%.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
U02%: 20.000. U 02^4. December— 2000. $1 05*4:
8000. $1 05%; 2000. It 06%: 4000. SI 05T4.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, Jl 02; 6000.
$1 01%; 2000, $1 00%; 2"00. SI: 8000, SI 00*4: 12,000.
SI 00%: 4000. U00»i: 12.000, SI 00>4. December—
2000, »1 05%: 6000, SI 0514: 2000. SI 05%: 4000,
Si 06%: i:,ooo, $1 05%; sooo. $105.
CALL BOARD BALES,
The local market was off, both as to spot and
futures. The latter declined -considerably, but
subsequently recovered somewhat.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98%c; milling, $1 04*4
©1 05 per ctl.
WHEAT — The English and Continental mar
kets were generally firm, but the American
markets were slightly lower. At the open-
Ing at Chicago there were more buyers than
sellers, but later on there was considerable
realizing and a good deal of prominent short
celling. The cash demand was less urgent.
The American visible supply decreased 769*000
bushels. World's Bhlpments for the week, as
far as reported, were 44,000 quarters Danublan
and 178,000 Argentine.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Kxchange, 60 days — M 83^1
Sterling Exchange, eight — ¦_ 4 88V
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Silver, per ounce — 60T»
Mexican Dollars, nominal BO © 61
Exchange and Bullion.
The temperature has fallen la Northern Art
s' r.a and Utah and remained nearly stationary
lr other districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather In California Tuesday.
Forecapt made at San Francisco for thirty
I.ours ending midnight. March 19. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; ecntln
ved warm weather: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; contin
ued warm weather; light northerly wind. .
Nevada— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
Utah — Fair, warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tutrday;
continued warm weather; llirht northerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Z.'jrzX Forecast Official, temporarily In charge.
»
The pres-Fure has risen over the plateau and
Becky Mountain region* and fallen along the
Immediate Pacific Coast.
The weather is partly cloudy over the north
ern portion of the Pacific slope and generally
clear over the southern. Light fhowers have
fallen over the Rocky Mountain region.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€f; minimum, 4S; mean, tS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The market for evaporated apples is rather'
unsettled and weak as to tone,, with prices
decidedly below Saturday's close. The depres
sion was the res«lt of heavy offerings and an
advance of export inquiry. State common was
quoted at 3@4c; prime, 4Vj@434c; choice, 6®5%c
fancy, 60-6*4c California dried fruits were
barely steady and somewhat lower.
. PRUNES— 3Vi<37ttc per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7^i@12c; Moorpark, S'.i
@13c.
PEACHES-Peeled. 12020c; unpeeled. 5«J@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. March 18— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.000 bbls; exports, IS. 700 bbls; rather weak and
unsettled under heaviness in wheat with de
mand unimportant; winter straits, J3 45®3 55;
Minnesota patents, $4@4 35; winter extras
$2 45<g: so.
WHEAT— Receipts, 120,600 THishels; exports.
201,500 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, Slftc f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, SOVic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 9OV6c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. 92Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options dis
played considerable heaviness to-day. The bull
fever materially subsided In the face of dis
appointing cables, fine weather West and less
decrease In the visible supply than expected,
and under active unloading prices broke over
a cent per bushel without attracting satis
factory export deman'l; closed easy at
decline from Saturday's curb close. March
closed at SOVic; May, SO 7-16@Sl»ic, closed at
80Hc: July. S0\i(gSH6c. closed at S0*ic: Sep
temper, 79%©79T»c, closed at 73%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.,
SUGAR— Raw, 'steady; fair refining. S»*c
centrifueal. 96 test, 4 l-32c; molasses sugar,
3 »-32c: refined, steady.
COFFEE—Spet Rio. barely steady: No. 7 in
voice, 7V«c; mild, dull; Cordova, S^SHc Fu
tures closed steady In tone, with prices 5 to 15
points lower; total sales reached 4S.250 bass'
Including March (1902), J6 05; May, $5 65; June.
$5 70; July. $5 75; September, October and No
vember, $5 SO; December, {5 95@6; January.
BUTTER— Receipts. 93SS packages; firm;
State dairy, 15g21c; fresh creamery. 1&S22C-
June creamer}'. 14@19Hc; factory. 10@llHc. '
EGGS-Recelpts, 19,315; steady; State and
Pennsylvania, at mark, 13«i@13Vic: Western, at
mark, 13&c; Southern, at mark. 12@12%c
New York Grain and Produce.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - .Union Land 314
Call loans 3 04 West End :... 94%
Time loans ittti* Westinghouse Elec 62',
Stock*— . .1 Bonds—
A T & S F 6S»4 lAtchlson 4s ...102
A T & S F prefd.. *3V N E Gas & Coke 5s 68
American Sugar.. .141 j Mlninc shares-
Am Sugar prefd.. .121 JAdventure 13
An Telephone. ....l«l',4|AmalB' Copper 101«-i
Boston & Albany. .153 (Atlantic 32VJ
Boston Elevated... 171 Iningham ........... 24%
Boston & Maine.. ..195 fBoston & Montana.S57
C B *• Q leS'Butte & JJoct?B....lU
Adams Con 23;mtle Chief ......... 14
Alice 33 Ontario 8 50
Breece 1 20jOphlr 60
Brunswick Con 24 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... 05 I'otosl jj
Con Cal & Va 160 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.... 1 60 Sierra Nevada ..... 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 63
Iron Silver...... 60 Standard ....3 90
Leadvllle Con 051
MINING STOCKS.
TJ S 2s ref reg 105% N Y Central lsts..lO7>4
V S ref 2s coup...l06Vi N J Cent gen 5s. .133
V S 2s registered.. Ill Northern Paciflc Js »lt£
IT fi 3s coupon Ill Northern Pac 4S..105H
V S new 4s reg.. .138 N Y C & St L 4S..109H
U S new 4s coup. .13? Nor & W cons 4S.103H
U S old 4s reg.. ..113 Oregon Nav lsts...I10
U S old 4s coup. ..114' iOregon Nav 4s. ...101%
V, S 5s registered. .lll%;Or Short Line 6s. .127%
17 S 5s coupon lllVft Or S L cons Cs llC^i
Dlst of Col 3. 65s... 123 {Reading gen 4s.... 54V4
/?chison gen 4s. ...104% jit G Wectern lsts. .100^4
Atchison adjust 4s. 94V4 StL & 1 M cons 5s.ll7ti
Canada Sou 2ds....lOSVi jSt L & S F gen 6s. 131
Ctaes & O 4>4s 10SH St Paul consols. ..1S4W
Ches & Ohio Cs....l21%iSt P C & P lsts..H8
C & N cons 7s — 14041st Paul C & P Es 121
C & N S F Deb 5s.l22 {Southern Pac 4s.. 92%
Chicago Twni 4s.. S7Vi Southern Ry 5s. ...117%
Colo Southern 4s... 87 Standard It & T Cs 66
Denver Sc R O 4s. .102%] Texas & Pac lsts.119
Erie general 4s... 1 87*4 Texas & Pac 2ds.. 92
Ft W4DC lets. .101 Union Pacific 4s..lO5y»
Gen Electric 5s 176 Wabash lsts ...... HHi
Iowa Cent lsts....H7Vi Wabash 2ds 110
L & N unified 4s..l0l>4 West Shore 4s H5tf
M K t T 2ds SOH Wls Central lets.. 91
M K & T 4s 9SV4 Va Centuries 96
CLOSING BONDS,
1.6S5.&C0 Shares sold
! IfEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Bold. Etock- Bid.
28.000 Atchison 5SH
39,000 Atchison prefd *. 93?i
8.300 Baltimore & Ohio 91%
100 Canadian Pacific SOU
5,400 Canada Southern 62
13.700 Chesapeake & Ohio 47U
10.700 Chicago Great Western 22»i
141.000 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 162H
10.000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 38
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.... 724
4,000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 117!,
4.200 Chicago & Northwestern 17S»i
76.100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 12SH
1.600 C C C & St Louis 77Vi
J2.6CK> Colorado Southern 11>»
2.100 Colorado Southern let prefd 46>*
1,500 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20»i
7,300 Delaware & Hudson 165
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .196
1.600 Denver & IUo Grande 41 '
2.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 89%
160,100 Erie 33Vi
32.100 Erie 1st prefd 6ST,
4,000 Ureat Northern prefd 204*4
2.200 Hocking Coal 1SS
1.000 Hocking Valley 64
8.300 Illinois Central 138»i
4,600 Iova Central 31H
1.200 Iowa Central prefd S9
100 Lake Erie & Western 45U
ICO Lake Erie & Western prefd 119
Lake Shore 210>;
44.200 Louisville & Naehvllle 9S
112.500 Manhattan Elevated 2S*i
S.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 1677*
lS.IGO Mexican Central 21?«
Minneapolis & St Louis S4
COO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112V4
22.S00 Missouri Paciflc 95»i
Mobile & Ohio MW*
7.800 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25H
21,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 5* 1 *
New Jersey Central 155
S.700 New York Central 145H
S.30O Norfolk & Western 615c
Norfolk & Western prerd So
67,100 Northern Paciflc 86H
6,600 Northern Paciflc prefd 89
10,100 Ontario & Western 32H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
14,700 Pennsylvania 152H
12.800 Reading 31^
27.000 Reading 1st prefd 72H
16.000 Reading 2d prefd *3%
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Weetern prefd $>6*i
13,100 Mt Louis & San Fran 41?,
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd So'i
4,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6S»4
€.000 St Louis Southwestern 32
54.000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 63*4
34,400 St Paul 1 l»0i,i
200 St Paul prefd 1SS»*
St Paul & Omaha 126
32.600 Southern Pacific 45H
27. 4W Southern Railway 25%
9,000 Southern Railway prefd TJ^i
22.400 Texas A Pacific 31
2.200 Union Pacific prefd 85^
63,300 Union Paciflc 92T4
6,600 Wabaoh 19»,
fc.190 Wabash prefd 34H
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15»i
ICO Wheling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32
Wisconsin Central lS*i
Third .Avenue 121
2.000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92\i
6.000 National Tube 67«4
3,900 National Tube prefd lOar*
Express companies—
Adams 155
100 American 194
2,200 United States 69
Wells-Fargo 142
Miscellaneous—
1,000 American Cotton OH 27
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
....... American Malting 5-T*
200 American Malting prefd 27V4
4,200 American Smelting & Refin 554
1.200 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 94*i
„ American Spirits IVi
American Spirits prefd 17
13,400 American Steel Hoop 39*«
4.100 American Steel Hoop prefd ...^ M . 85«4
S.300 American Steel & Wire 41
8.500 American Steel & Wire prefd 100»i
6.000 American Tin Plate 67^4
2,290 American Tin Plate prefd 106
70,400 American Tobacco 128*4
American Tobacco prefd ,...147
1.200 Anaconda Mining Co 457«
60,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82%
4,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 47*«
19,700 Continental Tobacco 46%
1.2C0 Continental Tobacco prefd 106
6.S0O Federal Steel 45T4
26.200 Federal Steel prefd 94Vi
3,600 General Electric 213
100 Glucose Sugar- 47H
Glucose Sugar prefd 95
600 International Paper 22%
300 International Paper prefd 73
300 Leclede Gas 82
1,200 National Biscuit 41
National Biscuit prefd 954
1,100 National Lead- lS'/i
200 National Lead prefd 85
8.S90 National Steel 494
4,000 National Steel prefd 106Vi
New York Air Brake 162
1,000 North American 7714
500 Paciflc Coaet CSV4
Paciflc Coast 1st prefd 90
1.000 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66Vi
300 Paciflc Mall" 34U
41,300 People's Gas 107%
100 Pressed Steel Car S7
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 77
Pullman Palace Car 205
Standard Rope & Twine i%
80.600 Sugar 141H
100 Sugar prefd 121Vi
7,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 66J4
8,lfrt United States Leather 12%
4fO United States Leather prefi 74
100 United States Rubber "1S%
1,200 United States Rubber prefd 6S>,«
4,400 Western Union &>
13,300 Amalgamated Copper lOlVi
4.100 Republic Iron A Steel Co 16H
2,200 Rer-ubllc Iron & Steel Co prefd £6
'P C C & St Louis 60'^
« SAX FRANCISCO. March 18-5 p. ra.
<i:oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
«IU.te, as compared with those of^eame date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours :
••Apricots are in better demand, a very fair
trade beinc reported in some quarters yester
day- The market, however, is easy. Peaches
are selling only in a small way. Figs are
having a fair eale. Apples on the epot con
tinue quiet. A little business is heard of In
choice prods at S'sc. New crop apples are be
frinntnjc to attract attention. Prime are cf
ler^d for October-November delivery at 6c. A
rale »a« reported made at that price, but
this could not be positively confirmed."
Weather Report.
"On the coast the situation is *ai<J to be
Crclfledly stronger and there are reports that
the Cured Fruit As5ocir.tl.on has finally 6ecured
control of all outside goods and that hence
forth It will be impoesilile to buy at cut prices.
There f«mf a lark of offerings from California
at the pri<"'* which have prevailed right along,
a cirtumFtar.ee which seems- confirmatory of
this report. However, as the trade bought
<iuite freely two weeics a£O at the low prices
then ottered by outsiJers the alleged buying
by the association caut>e* less interest here
than might otherwise have been the case.
•"Prune* continue firm on epot, particularly
4Q-r/*. 50-O* and ?^»-70s, which are scarce.
Fifties are *>*pecia!!v r-Ciirce. many dealers be
ingr entirely out. There Is a. eood Inquiry for
O-70s and for SO-Joes. The very small sixes
ar* wanted a'.so. Borne of the prunes recently
r>urrhased on the cojet at about a 2c basis
ere beginning to arrive, and these should re
ltf>v«> the scarcity and give the market a suf
ficient surrly fcr ronH t'm«.
Ma!l cSi-iees from New Tcrk tay: "It Is
£:fficu!t to say Just what the epot market on
California raisins is, ln&rmuch as there is vir
tually no flemand. Unquestionably, however,
the recent cut on th« coast on export prices
has greatly unsettled the local market, and,
though reluctant to admit It. holders are dls
pufted. Two-crown .ind 3-crown loose mus
catels unfloubtedly can be bought Uc lower
than ten days ago. There was a rumor of a
taJ*; of 2-crown yesterday at 5c Stocks are
not believed to be heavy and are understood
to N* largely in seeders' hands.
Dried Fruit in Nezu York.
Wheat and Barley a fraction lower. -
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and quiet.
Hay easy under larger receipts. Fecdstuffs unchanged.
Pink Beans quoted ivcak under heavy holdings. Limas firm.
Potatoes ivcak under liberal arrivals. Onions zvcak.
Asparagus breaks under excessive receipts.
Eggs in moderate supply and higher again.
Butter and Cheese in free receipt, but steady.
Tzco cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game nominal.
Prunes and Dried Peaches in very fair demand.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Hogs scarce and still higher.
Fourteen cars of Citrus Fruits sold at auction.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks active.
General advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, March 18.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday. March 16. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, Is as fol
lows: Wheat, 55.124.000 bushels; decrease,
769.000 bushels. Corn. 22,438,000; Increase, 1,334 -
000. Oats, 10,871.000; increase, 33.000. Rye
1.19S.000; increase. $3,000. Barley. 1,337,000; in
crease, IS, COO.
LONDON. March 18.— Atchtson. 60%; Can
adian Paciflc. 93; Union Pacific preferred, S8;
Northern Paciflc preferred, 91ft: Grand Trunk,
7U; Anaconda, 9>i; Rand, 42; bar silver, steady,
2SUd per ounce; money. 3U@3% per cent.
CLOSING.
The American department was the most ac
tive in the market.. Throughout the whole
session stocks were very strong, mainly, how
ever, on professional trading. Louisville and
Nashville was the favorite under the inspira
tion of influential orders cabled over from
New York. The bank bought £25.000 In gold
bars. The call loan rate was 3@4 per cent
NEW YORK, 'March 18.-Tht . Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was very little doing here In the stock
market to-day, but a much calmer view was
taken of the threatened conflict between the
Russian troops and ours in China and prices
were firm.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. March 18.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
for redemption, ehows: Available cash balance,
W50.643.705; gold. $91,616,640. -
NEW TORK. March 18.— Money on call stead
ier at 2»i#3 per cent; last loan. 2 1.4 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 3}i@4% P*r cent. Ster
ling exchange strong, with actual business In
barkers' bills at $4 s:% for demand, and at
$4 Si%@A 84ti for sixty days; posted rates, $4 850
4 SSi,i and at $4 SSH; commercial bills. $4 C3H@
4 ?4. Silver certificates. 61%063c. Bar silver,
61c. Mexican dollars, 49c. Government bonds,
strong ; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
Irregular. •
Condition 'of the Treasury.
Nezv York Money Market.
Dominion Coal 8D?4 Calumet & Hecla..85O
Dom Coal prefd....H0 [Centennial 244
Federal Steel 45HIFranklln 22H
£«> l ? te * 1 Prefd.... 94i.4;Humboldt '60
Fitchburg prefd....i44^;Osceola 87
General Electric... 215^! Parrot 63
Gen Elec prefd. ...193 jQulncy 174
E d -. E i ec In : « Santa Fe Copper.. 7
£,,. E ~ Gas & Coke.. 13 Tamarack 343
O d Colony 208 Utah Mining 34^
Old Dominion 36 Wlnona 6
Rubber IS* Wolverines 61
Union Paciflc... . 929J
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
PORTLAND, March 18.— Some x sales of Walla
Walla Wheat were made to-day at 57c, but very
little can be obtained at that price.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 18. — Wheat — Blue Stem.
5S%c; Club. 56Hc *
« : — '•"- -• — _ _ — ! — -*
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 15.— Clearings, $339.
768; balances, 553,37s.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Cotton closed steady
at a net decline of 9012 points.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
LONDON. March IS.— The offerings at tha
'Wool auction sales to-day numbered 9812 bales.
The attendance was large and competition
brisk. Prices showed a hardening tendency.
Some Victorian and Queensland greasy Merinos
were In active request at full rates for AmeVlca.
French and German buyers operated freely, but
the home trade secured the bulk of the offer
ings. Several parcels of Good Hope and Natal
greasy were taken for America. Light Cape of
Good Hope and Natal sold well.
London Wool Sales.
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s U\id; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 2V4d;
No. 1 California, 6s 2%d. Futures, dull; May,
6s %d: July, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, 3s lU4d;
do old, firm, 4s. Futures, quiet; May, 3s lOHd;
July. 3s 10V4d; September, 3s 10%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 18.— Consols, 96 7-16; silver,
2SHd; French rentes, lOlf . 42%c; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 etandard
California, 30s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 20s;
Import into United Kingdom, wheat, j 337,000;
Import into United Kingdom, flour, 275,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom,
3.66O.OCO; wheat and flour on passage to Con
tinent. 1,130,000.
LIVERPOOL, March 18.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s SMdfpGa 4d; weather In
England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-16d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, March. 18.— A decline of £1 Es
In Tin in London caused considerable selling
pressure at the opening of the local Metal mar
ket and prices broke about 30 points. There
after the market ruled weak and unsettled,
with trading on a very small scale. The close
was weak at $25 50. Nothing of interest was
noted in Lead, and prices remain unchanged at
$4 37Va. Spelter was weak In the absence of
buying orders, and prices were not materially
changed, closing at $3 90J?3 95. Copper was In
active and nominally unchanged at $17 for Lake
and $16 62tf for casting.
Pig Iron warrants, dull, $9 50010 50; Northern
foundry, $15 50016 50.
New York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts, 34,000; to-morrow. 23.000;
left over, 1000. Opened weak to 5c lower. Top,
Jo 82V4: mixed and butchers', $5 50©5 57V4: good
to choice heavy. $5 70©5 S2 t /4; rough heavy, $5 65
©5 65; bulk of sales, *3 6505 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23.000. Sheep, steady to
strong; yearlings, steady; lambs, slow to 10c
lower. Good to choice wethers". $4 6005; fair
to choice mixed. $4S4 60; Western sheep, $4 £0(&
6; yearlings. $4 7505 10; native lambs, $4 65@>
6 45; Western lambs. |5®5 45.
CHICAGO. ' March 18.— CATTLE — Receipts,
21.0C0, including 1000 Texans. Choice steers,
steady to strong; others 10c lower. Good to
prime steers, $4 60@4 80; poor to medium. $3 GO
®4 75; etockers and feeders. $2 65@4 65; cows,
$2 65@4 35; heifers, $2 63@4 65; canners, $2@2 60;
bulls, J2 6004 25; calves, $4 50@5 75; Texas fed
steers. $405; Texas grass steers. $3 4004; Texas
bulls. $2 &O®3 25.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 1V» « 1V4
Closing ; 6 % 6 %
ii; PARIS.
Wheat— . . March. May- Aug.
Opening ,'.... 18 75 19 85
Closing 18 75 19 85
Floui*—
Opening 14 10 . 25 SO
Closing: 24 10 25 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $202 50; Green, $2 700
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The feature yesterday was the heavy arrivals
of , Asparagus, the" quantity .being 1346 boxes.
Seldom. If ever, has this amount been equaled
In this market. Sales were made, by the box.
and at much lower prices. In fact, the de
cline was sharp. Rhubarb held its own and
Beans were higher under reduced arrivals.
The other Vegetables • showed no particular
change.
Receipts of Potatoes were large, being 9633
sks, and the market was weak, especially for
Oregon Burbanks. Three cars of Sweets also
came in.
Onions were easy, but prices showed no
change.
Receipts were 1946 boxes Asparagus, 3C9 boxes
Rhubarb and ISO sks Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85c(&$l: Burbanks.
40<{rD5c for River and 50®S5c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. 65®S5c; Sweets. 50075c for
Merced; New Potatoes, 2®3c per lb. .
ONIONS-$2@2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions. COc©
$1 50 per sack; Australians are Jobbing at 5c;
Green Onions. 33@40c per box. •
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 73c@Jl 75 per box;
Asparagus, 6@6c for fancy, $1 5002 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l 23 for No. 2; Green Peas,
2S2'ic for Los Angeles and 203c for Bay;
Srtine Beans. 6@10c; Cabbage. 80c; Tomatoes,
Los Angeles. 50c@$l 25 per crate; from Mex
ico, 75c@$l 23 per crate; Egg Plant, Los An
geles, 12^0 per lb; Green Peppers, Los Ange
les, 12%c per lb for Chile and 12H@15c for Bell;
Dried 1'eppers. I2©18c; Dry Okra. 25c per lb;
Carrots. Z.Vg3oc per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 75c©$l 50 per. dozen; Summer Squash, $1
@$l 50 per box; Garlic, 2%@3c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash. $20025 per ton; Mushrooms, 8® 10c
per lb.
Poultry jjnd Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in. Lo
cal stock was nominal, as usual on Monday.
There was nothing new in Game, receipts be
ing light.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 10011c for Gob
blers and 12013c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
nominal; Geese, per pair, $1.5002; Goslings,
$3 6002 75; Ducks, $4® 5 for old and $6@7 50 for
young; Hens, S4 60@6:' Young Roosters, J5®7;
old Roosters, $4 60; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers,
$4 5005 50 for - large and $304 for small;
Fieeons, $1 75(32 per dozen for old and $2 50®
2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. »3: White Geese. $10
1 25; Brant. $1 50@l 75 for small and $2 for
large: Honkers, $304 50; English Snipe, $3 50;
Jack Snipe, ; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits. *1 25
©1 60 for Cottontail and 75c©$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The good demand and low prices for Eggs
have at last had their effect, and quotations
are higher. Stocks outside of cold storage are
small, considering the time of the year.
.Receipts of Butter were very large, and the
market is again heavily supplied, though lt
was quoted steady on the Exchange. Cheese
was also reported steady.
. Receipts as reported by the Dairy ExcTmnee
were: 83.400 pounds of Butter, 1694 cases Eggs,
14,900 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
14c.
Dalrr— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, Ji.c.
Storage— Creamery extras. ; flnts, — :
seconds. ; dairy extras. .
Pickle, per pound.
Kegr, per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice,
Sc; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15016HC per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected White. 13<£c;
mixed colors, 12^0 per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12^c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, ."
Fresh Eastern — Fancy. ; standard. ;
seconds. .
Storage — California fancy. : standard.
; Eastern fancy. ; standard, -— ; sec
onds. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits:
Thirteen cars of Oranges and one car of
Lemons were auctioned, as follows; Fancy
Navels. $1 2S@1 70; choice do. 90c@$l 15; stand
ard do, 55c0$l; choice Lemons, 95c0$l 15:
standard do, bo@80c; Tangerines, In half
boxes, 75c.
All citrus fruits remained as before quoted.
Lemons being weak and Limes firm. The
feeling In Bananas continued steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—50@75c per box for common. Me®
$1 60 for good to choice and $1 7502 for fancy.
PEARS — 75o6M CO per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2;
Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines, 5Dc<g$l 25;
Japanese Mandarins, $1@1 50; Lemons, $10
$1 10 for common and $1 7502 25 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c®$2; Mexican
Limes, $8@8 50; California Limes, nominal; Ba
nanas, 75c0$2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, 75CsJ
\1 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Under the improved demand outside Prunes
have been advanced to a point about %c be
low Association prices, and the medium and
larger sizes are getting scarce. There has
lately . been some speculative buying of
Peaches In the country at 3«4@3»ic at Interior,
points. The market for Dried Fruits as a rule
is looking up. but Pears continue neglected.
¦ FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7c for Royals and 8"4®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3H@5c;
sun-dried. lH@2%c: Peaches. 3©3Uc for stand
ard, 4@4Hc for choice and 606c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted. 4@>5c; unpltted, 10
l%c; Nectarines, filio'.ic for red and 5^a®6o,Xor
white. *•
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s. 7c;
40-50s, 6Vic; 50-60.1. 4V4c: 60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Kc;
80-908. 2%c: 90-lOCs. 2%c; 100-120S, lHc; rubies.
Me premium: Sonomas, He and San Joaqulns
>.;c less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* . Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c f unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fanay, io%o per
lb: choice, 9Hc; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, DO-lb boxes
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6Hc; 2-crown, 6c
Pacifio brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 6%c. and
4-crown. 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 16
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, 5V4c; choice, 16-ounce, 6Vc
12-ounce, BUc; London - Layers. 2-crown $153
per box; 3-crown, $1 60: Fancy Clusters. $2; De
hesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. AD prices f. o. b at
common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8010c per lb for Italian-
Walnuts, No. 1 softsnell. 10c; No. 2. 7Uc; No'
1 hardshell, g^c: No.' 2, 7c: Almonds. I2®13c
for papershell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts, B®
6c for Eastern: Brasil Nuts.. 13c; Filberts, 13c
Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts, $3 5003.
HONEY— Comb. 134014c for bright and 12«O
13c for light amber: water white extracted
7%c; . light amber extracted, 6H07c; dark 6©
6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24026c per lb.
Provision's.
. A general advance In Hams. Bacon and
Lard was made yesterday. It was caused by
light mocks and the high prices for Hogs
here, and firm markets at Western centers.
It was practically a unanimous proceeding
on the part of the whole street, as prices have
for some time been lower than the parity of
the ; Eastern markets. The ¦ demand is not
over brisk, however.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12@12%c for light medium, 13o for
light, 13%c for extra light and 15013^0 for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12%c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess,
$13; Family, $14; extra fine Pork. $15@15 50;
extra clear, $19 50® 20; . Mess, $17; -Smoked
Beef, ¦ 13c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at j 6%c per • lb for
compound and lOo for pure; half-barrels,
pure, lOUc; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 6-lb tins, 10 Tic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrels, S^ic; three
half-barrels, 8c: one tierce. 7%c; two tierces.
7%c: five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
-HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. - Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%<fl0c; medium, 8H@9c; light, 8@3%c;
Cow ' HldA. 8Hc tor ' heavy and 8c for light;
Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9©
8V4c: Salted. Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15H<316c;
Culls, 13%©14c: Dry Kip, IS® 16c; Dry Calf, 163"
17c: Culls and Brands. 14@15c; Sheepskins,
Ehearllnps. 20@30c each; short Wool. 30®60c
each: •¦ medium, 60®75c;>long Wool. 75c©U
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 5002 75 . for large
and $2O2 25 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 go
for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— Summer , or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c
Goatskins— Prime - Angoras. 75c: larga and
smooth, EOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4K@4%o ' per lb;
No. 2. 40414c; grease, 2@2Hc
WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and M«ndo
clno, 15816c Der lb: Northern, free. 13@lSc; do.
defective, 10® lie; Middle County, free, 10@llc;
do. defective, -9610c; Southern, 12 months, 8©
9c: Southern, free, 7 months, ;7©10c; do, de
fective., 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon .Valley, fine,
15@16c; do. medium and coarse. Kgloc; Ore
gon Bastern, choice, 12@14c: do, fair to good;
9011c; Nevada. 10012c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 11® 12c; Middle County and North
ern, 809c; San Joaquln, IQSc. "
HOPS— 15©20c per lb.
General Merchandise.
' . BAGS— San Quentin ' Bags, $3 6S; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6T-6@7c ; spot. 6%&
6%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, • 30@34c ; Fleece Twine, ; 7H® Sc
COAL^- Wellington. *J per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, »9; Seattle. 17; Bryant. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 SO; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, J9; Cumberland. 112 in bulk and $1» ii ia
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 i$
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
- 1 Hanford 84 00
100 Occidental of West Virginia 4$
500 Reed Crude ••.............* 53
.200 San Joaquln O & D Co (S 30) 9 00
, 85 San Joaquln O & D Co 9 no
700 Sterling 1 83
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
2300 California-Standard 51)
2000 California-Standard (S 30) 43
20 Kern River; 14 00
200 Monarch, of Arizona... 43
Boara _ Afternoon Session.
60 Alaska Packers' Assn 122 25
60 Centra Costa Water 71 25
, 6 Contra Costa Water 71 00
6 Contra Costa Water 71 50
100 Equitable Gas . r 3 25
60 Honokaa S Co 32 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 24 12%
35 Kilauea S P Co 21 871,
75 Makawelt S Co 42 00
J1000 Market-st R R con 5s 120 75
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
95 Spring Valley Water 93 25
6 Spring Valley Water 93 37%
Street—
400 Hutchinson 8 P Co 24 12U
635 Kilauea S P. Co 21 87%
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ¦
Board—
100 Black Jack 1 00
500 California-Standard 47
1200 California-Standard 4s
3 Hanford S3 00
1 Hanford 84 00
1030 Junction ....'. 57
60 Kern 7 75
60 Kern .* 7 62%
10 Kern 8 00
SOO Lion is
200 Monrach of Arizona 43
103 Monarch of Arizona 44
600 Occidental of West Virgnla 43
100 Occidental of West Virginia (cash). 47
1500 011 City Petroleum : ; 24
150 Peerless g 00
1020 Petroleum Center n
. 350 Reed Crude 55
60 Reed Crude 6S
100 Reed Crude 57
400 Reed Crude- (3
100 Sterling 193
; 420 Sterling .; ;.. 190
150 Sterling (B 30) 1 93
200 Sterling 1 83
100 Sterlng (B 30) 195
200 Superior 23
300 Superior < 30
100 Twenty-Eight 1 J2U
60 Twenty-Eight j 33^
600 Wolverine (S 30) 1 05
400 Wolverine •. j jj
Street—
SOO Junction 53
100 Senator j 50
100 San Joaquln Oil & D Co 9 00 '
200 California-Standard 43
Afternoon Session.
Board
300 Aetna 1 -5
1000 Bear Flag 14
10OO California-Standard 43
100 Four js
2 Hanford ;. $300
100 Home 390
1000 Independence 20
100 Junction ¦. 57
60 Kern g 00
¦ 50 Kern 8 25
200 Lion 2<)
1400 Lion 19
500 Monarch of Arizona ""47
50 Monte Crlsto .: 2 25
400 Occidental of West Virginia ,47
12500 Oil City Petroleum '24
* 43 Petroleum Center jq
120 Petroleum Center ' n
300 Reed Crude m
600 Reed Crude (B 30) 60
SOO Sterling 1 90
100 Sterlln (B 60) 2 00
65 Sterling 195
100 Sterling- ......... 1 92»4
100 Sterling ; joo*
15 Sterling ; 195
: 100 Twenty-Eight 132%
100 Wolverine 110
Street
60 Kern .......; , 775
Morning Session.
Board— .
25 California Fruit Cannera* 93 75
60 Contra Costa Water 71 0O
200 Equitable Gas 3 »5
25 Oakland Gas 51 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 29 00
155 Paauhau S P Co $3 00
95 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 23
$2000 S P of A bonds 112 62%
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 93 12%
60 Spring Valley Water 93 00
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 112 73
Bay C P C 6s.lO3!i - Oak W Co 6s..lC0 100%
£ a !; 8 L Cab Bs - 116 & - Oceanic SS 6s.lO5 104
C C Water 5s.lC8 1C9 Om C R 6s 128« —
E L & P 6s..l28%133% Pao G Imp 4s. — 10O%
F & Cl Ry -6s.il* — Fk & Cl R 63.105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s.. — —
Haw C 5HS....108U — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Haw C Ss 105% — S E O & R 6s. — 100
L, A R R 5s... 112% — S K * SJV 6a.l20%l*:U
L A L Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s.llO —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — S P R of A 6S.112H —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 SPCd (1905.
L A P R R 5s.l01»4102'i Series A).... — 110%
Markt-st C 6s. — 127 Do(Serles B).111%111%
Do 1st c 5s..l20%121 Do (1906) — 113%
N C N G R 7s. — 113H Do (1912) 122H —
N F of Cal 6s. - 114% S P C 1st g 5s.lO6>* -
N R of Cal 6S.120H — S P Br R 6s..l31*i —
N P C R R 6s.l01% — S V Water 6«..112%113%
N P C K R Bs.108 — S V Water 4s.. 103 —
N C R R 5s. ..Ill — Do 3d mtg...lO2U —
O G I. & H 53.1104 - Stkn G & E 6s.lOO -
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117%
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71U 71% Spring Valley. 83% 93%
Marln County. 53% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pao Lt Co.... — 44
Eqult Gas .... 3U 3% Sac E G & R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8U S F O & E... 47% 47%
O G L & H... 60 61Vi San Francisco. 4& 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — 44 Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 233 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 70 77% Lon P & A...145 —
Bank of Cal.. — 410% Mer Ex (Hq).. 18 -
Cal Safe Dep.106 107% S F National. — US
1st N of S F.. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .. — 140 .O S L & H.... 40
Geary-st 47%— Presidio — SO
Market-st 63H — ¦
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. — S3% Vigorlt — 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7»i 8V4 Kilauea 21% —
Haw Com Makaweli 42 —
Honokaa 33 — Onomea 23% ?!»£
Hutch S P *4 — Paauhau 33 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l22>i — Oceanic SS Co 47 43*4
Cal Fruit Can. 98 100% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.130
Mer Ex. Assn.102% — Par Paint Co. 12% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 114 114% 1 4a coup (new).m 138%
4s registered... 113 113% -3s coupon.. .;..1U 111%
MONDAY, March IS— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Stocks and bonds were quiet on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange and prices
showed no change worthy of note.
In the afternoon Contra Costa "Water was
firmer at $71 :j. .
On the morninsr sessions of the oil exchange*
there was considerable activity in several
stocks, notably Sterling at »1 85©1 85. Reed
was higher at 65@s8c.
In the afternoon Kern declined to XI 75 and
Sterling advanced to i2 15.
The Justice Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5c. delinquent April 23, and Bul
lion one of 3c, delinquent April 22.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Flour, qr sks 8.983 Wool, bales L, 92
Wheat, ctls 1.420 Straw, tons 34
Barley, ctls 6.113Hay. tons i 758
Oats, ctls 850 j Wine, gals 6S.80O
Bran, sks l,550,Leather, rolls.... 123
Middlings, sks.... 100 Quicksilver, flsks 117
Beans, sks lTSJBrandy. trals 1,000
Corn, ctls 670iLJme. bbls 1S3
Rye, ctls, 66O|Pelts, bdls .. 72
Potatoes. «ka ».383jHldes, No 2SS
Onions, sks 310 Sugar, ctls 1.779
Shorts, sks 4-C I Raisins, bxa 800
FOR MONDAY. MARCH 11
Receipts of Produce.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6=S
@6Hc; ISO to 325 lbs, 6%c; 223 and over, 6gS', 4 c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 9@9&c.
BEEF— 7©Sc lor Steers and 6tf7V>c p«r id for
cows.'
VEAL — Large. T@Sc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9tf»uc; Ewes, S£U9c per
pound.
LAMB— Tearlings. Kc per lb; Spring, 10©
11V.C ner pound.
Hogs have again advanced and are very firm
and scarce. There are no other changes.
San Francisco Meat Market.
per 2000 pounds and JS 60 per ton. according:
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.03c; "Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6. 65c; Dry Granulated, 5.50c; Confec
tioners' A. o.E5c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C.
6.05c; Golden C. 4.93c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; SO-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
b&rrela or Its equivalent. Domlaos, bait-bar
rel 3, 6.50c; boxes, 6.5Jc per lb.
200 Monte Crlsto aM
60 Sterling * *> 3
330 Sterling "... 1 W
Street—
100 Sterling . -•• 1 *>
MIXING STOCK3.
Following were the sales In the San Traa
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. -
ICO Con Ca! & Va..l 70. 200 Overman 13
300 Crown Point.... 121 400 Seg Belcher 03
SCO Mexican :.. ig| left sierra Nevada. 20
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alta 02, ijo Mexican 13
lOOEest & B-lcher W 2C0 Overman It
500 Gould & Curry. 131 300 Yellow Jacket. 17
600 Hale & Norcra. 1st
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninsr Spsalon.
MO Chollar IS. 3CO Mexican 18
MO Con Cal & Va..l So SO© Overman 14
200 Gould & Curry. K I0O Sierra Nevada. »
ECO Justice .?. KM
Afternoon Session.
SCO Best & Belcher 17! 1C0 O"u!J A; Curry. 1"
400 Caledonia "1 HCO Mexican 13
200 Con Cal A V.I STVi StO Ophir 63
200 Con Cal & V.I 62» s
CLOSING QUOTATION!
MONDAY, March 16 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask.! BU.Asr.
Alpha 03 M' Justice n flt
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 03
Ande« 04 OuiLady VTash 01 0»
Belcher 10 12 Mexican 15 14
Best & Belcher 17 IS ' Occidental 01 05
Bullion — 02 Ophir f4 85
Caledonia 70 73 Overman 12 11
Challenge Con.. 1* IS Fotoul iS 17
Chollar 15 1G Savage ©9 1">
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 0*
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 63 Sex Belcher.... H C3
Con Imperial... 01 02 Si»rra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. 01 — Sliver Hill ?" «
Crown Point It 12 St Louis CS —
Eureka Con \<4 — Standard ......4 00 * 19
Exchequer 01 f2 Syndicate — 0?
Gould & Curry. 14 IV Union Con 17 19
Hale St Norcr». 13 II Utah C4 05
Julia. 01 03 Yellow Jacket., ii IS
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO ? CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 1 9, 1901.
H@lSc. Cheete. active, 10%dll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, llttc. . ,
M : ' * »
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..'. ..49.000 27000
Wheat, bushels ............. 86,000 ~f.6000
Corn, bushels .....265.000 > 256.000
Oats, bushels .........254,000. 247.0(50
Kye. bushels 4.000 - 4,000
r.arl«*y. bushels >...........; 21.000. 10,000
8
xs.
!«
La*t I This
1 Hours Reason.
Last
¦ Season
i
i
r.v
Bb
f-a
r<
In
Fa
I r
ureki
m r
irrsri
ui I
resnc
m L
ot >
an r
;a ...
Bluff,
menu
Frar.<
0 ...
ender
Diego
.o .
net
CM
SCO....
e .....
bispo. .
s
40.14
22.17
IS.01
.... 18. li
10.28
6.80
27.62
14.10
S.S«
42.13
JS.68
15.44
17.02
F.19
:.4i
14.70
3.13
xs.
!«
La*t I This
1 Hours Reason.
Last
¦ Season
i
i
r.v
Bb
f-a
r<
In
Fa
I r
ureki
m r
irrsri
ui I
resnc
m L
ot >
an r
;a ...
Bluff,
menu
Frar.<
0 ...
ender
Diego
.o .
net
CM
SCO....
e .....
bispo. .
s
40.14
22.17
IS.01
.... 18. li
10.28
6.80
27.62
14.10
S.S«
42.13
JS.68
15.44
17.02
F.19
:.4i
14.70
3.13
INVESTMENTS-LOANS.
Gilt edg* bonds, bearing 5 per cent interest,
for sale.
Also dividend paying stocks In Industrial cor-
porations.
West Coast Investment Co,
Room 118 Phelan Building,
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«f, Steamers leave Broadway
Bfc. wharf, Ban Francisco:
Klfc^.- For Alaskan Ports— 11 %. rn..
l*3SSJta. March 17. 22. 27. April 1.
fc?*-*piT?*Tipi. Change to company's steamers
RJEySl VJn For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IBSJi-ggfli C). Port Townsend. Seatt!».
Taccma. Kvrett. Anarortes
anil Xew Whatcom fWash.v—
11 a. m.. March 17. "2. 27.
April 1, and every flfth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. It7
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. March
19. 24. ». April 3. and every flfth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucas. Port Harford (San Luis OblspO. Oavlota.
Santa Barbara.. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro «I»s Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo—
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" s
fclders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of saiMnjr
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace H«tel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st, San Francisco.
THE Q. R. & R. GO.
CTSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IPOrR.TL^lSriD
From Spear-street TVliarf at 11 a. m.
CARC $12 First Class including Berth
In nu $3 Second Clas» and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Mar. 24. Apr. 3
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 19. 23. Apr. %
Short Line to 'Walla 'Walla, Spokane. Buttc.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ftrst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on da™
of sailing.
ES. AMERICA MARU... Friday. March 15. iwt
SS. HONGKONG MARU..Tuesday. April ». 1MI
SS. NIPPOX MARU Friday. May S. 1001
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
<21 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeaMcs.sxo.=°S
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Thursday. March. 21, 2 p. in.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 27. » b. ra.
ES. MARIPOSA {Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6. 2 p. m.
I D.SPBESXELS k BS3S. CO., fioeral Agents, 327 Market St
Stn'l Pacengsr Otto, 643 Hirht SI., tht in. 7, Pacfc St
AMERICAN LINE.
fflV T03K. SOUTHAMPTON. LOMDON. PA3X3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbocni ;
Prom New York Every Wednesday at 13 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27) Vaderland April IT
St. Louis April 3|St. Louis April M
New York April lOiNew York May X
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwam.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland Mar. 27|Westernland ...April 17
Frlesland April 3[ Kensington April I*
Eouthwark April 10' Zeeland May X
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Paciflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R.H5E
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. ?105: Steerage. $40.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. sails Tuesday, April 16,
From wharf, foot of Lombard St.. at 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBfRO.
A. Victoria April lllColumbia May J
Deutschland ...April 1S1F. Bismarck. ...May »
TwIrfScrew Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania March 10f Pretoria April 1J
•Bulgaria April 6i*Phoenlda. April 23
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Uln«, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacifio
Coast. 401 California street.
PACmO STEAM NAVIGATION CO. A!TO
COMPANIA 8UD AXEKICANA D5 VAP0333
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. TUCAPEL-... March 22 1301
SS. AREQUIPA ~ April 4. 1301
SS. LIMARI April 17. 19*H
ES. PERU April—, 1001
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
These steamers are "built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulro or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0XPA6NI2 GENERALS TKAN3ATLA.HTI3CS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of tfKfVjQj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. /s^sw*
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre $35 and upward. Second class to
Havre US and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 23
Broadway (Hudson bulldins). New York. J.
F FUGAZI 4fc CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVES STEAMERS. .
~ for u. s.*wvTyard andTallejo.
Steamer "Montlcello." '
. MOX-, Tues.. "Wed.. Thnrs. and Sat. M »-«3
a. m., 3:13, 3:» p. m. (ex. Thursday night)- Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 1O:3U a m 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
,Pler No. J. Telerhcna Mala ISO*. ¦ "*' *™ c **LETTER WHICH EX-CONVICT
COOPER WROTE YESTERDAY TO
• HIS LATEST VICTIM.
One of the strongest mm recently state. 1 that
the secret of his wonderful power was perfect
digestion. Hostetter** Stomach Bitters makes
dlgestioi* perfect, and cures . all complaints
arising from a weak stomach, such a.« Indi
gestion, biliousness and all Mver and kidney
ailments. As a. blood, purifier anJ nerve tonic
It la marvelous. It is recommended, by phv
sicians. and sold by every druggist In tne
country. Try It also for malarlc, fever anil
ague. . -¦ ¦
A Strong Man's Secret
Chief Kldward has decided to drive out
all the highbinders. They are to be ar
rested and prosecuted for vagrancy IT no
graver offense can be charged against
them. Chinatown has been placed under
strict police surveillance.
$18,500 per month for hydrant* without th*
exaction of an agreement from the com
pany. • Brandons tein objected, and then
charged Schussler with having fallen
down on his promise. Schussler started
to reply, when he was told to sit down by
the Mayor. "
"I will not be insulted,'* said Schussler
excitedly.
"Sit down." said his Honor: "you ax»
addressing the board without permission.
Sit dow*. 1 ' '
: Schussler sat down. after Brandensteln
had stated that he meant no offense. At
torney KellogK said that If Tobln's amend
ment were adopted the company would
file a written agreement binding itself to
expend $465,000 for water mains. Braun
hart railed the Doint of order that tha
rates had been adopted In February when
the ordinance was passed to print, but
finally withdrew the point. Tobin's
amendment was lost by the following
vote--
Aye*— Brandenrtein, Comte. d'Aneona. • Foa
tan* Hotalir.*, Jennings. Tobln, Wilson— I.
Noes— Booth. Boston. Braunhart. Connor,
Curtis. . Dwyer, McCarthy, Re«d. Stafford— 9.
'. Re«d offered a substitute allowing the
company $25,000 a year for hydrants and
fixing the rates on a valuation of $20,000,
000 but only he. Booth and McCarthy
voted in favor. The original ordinance,
which provided for the payment of JSO.000
per year for hydrants, was t£en defeated
by the following vote: *
Ayes— Bozton. Braunhar*. ' Connor, Curtis.
d'Ancona. Dw>«r— «. •
Xccs Booth. Brandenstein. Cornt*. Fontana.
Hctallnir. Jennings, McCarthy, Reed, Stafford,
Tobln, Wilton— U.
. Braunhart changed his vote and gav*
notice of reconsideration.
SAN JOSE. March 18.— More highbind
ers were arrested to-day by the police.
It is alleged that the Hip Sing Tong had
plotted to kill the first members of the
police fores who entered their clubhouse.
Jew How. a notorious gun-fighter, was
brought here for the purpose. As the po
licemen entered the place How -was to
shoot them through a thin partition.
¦ To-day Detective Pickering arrested
Jew How, Gan Get and Ah See. Gan Get
is president of the Hip Sings. Jew How
is said to have shot Look Long, a Chinese
merchant.' in Ross alley. San Francisco,
a few days ago. He Is also charged with
having been implicated in a murder hers
several months ago.
Gun-Fighter Imported to Resist Bald
on a San Jose Club
. house.
HIGHBINDERS PLOT
TO M TTRDEB, POLICE
A MUSICAL benefit will be tendered
, to Miss Christine La Barraque,
the blind ginger, by a score of
society ladies of San Francisco,
who wish 'to. aid her In her ef
fort to secure i a higher education. The
musicale will be held in Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s Hall next Saturday evening.
Mlss.LaBarran.uei9 an accomplished
young woman. '¦ Despite her affliction she
has already acquired a „ fair education.
She Is a graduate of the Asylum for the
Deaf and Dumb and" Blind at Berkeley,
the University, of California, from which
Institution she graduated with high hon
ors, and the Hastings . College of Law.
She has a right to practice law. but her.
ambition does not stop there. She is anx
ious to go to Germany and study German
law. In her efforts to secure necessary
funds she teaches French and Spanish in
the night schools of this city."
This marvelous young woman also has a
splendid soprano voice. For the last few
years she has been cultivating It under
the instruction of Mr. Kelleher. In the
concert to be given on Saturday evening
she will render a number of selections.
Hother Wismer. the violinist, will assist,
as will other well-known artists.
- The concert is to be given under the
auspices of the following- patronesses,
from whom tickets may be procured: Mrs.
Horace Davis. Mr*; John Boalt, Mrs. Ig
natz Steinhart, Mrs. : Dr. Powers, Mrs.
Sherwood. Mrs. T. Watson, Mrs. Phil Lil
lenthal. Mrs., Kellogg. Mrs. .Rosenstirn,
Mrs. Delaney. Mrs. Charles Wilkinson.
Mrs. C. W. Slack. Mrs. Clinton Day and
others. . Ka£3B££E3B3l
PROMINENT LADIES
AIDING BLIND GIRL
Musical; Benefit to Be Tendered to Miss
La Barraque, a Brilliant Young Stu
dent, Who Has Won Many Honors
Thomas Learned; Liberty Lodge. J. A. John
ston; Leland Stanford Lodge. A. Morris.
San Jose — San Jose Lodge. H. Rich.
Santa Cruz— Santa Cruz Lodge. A. Whldden.
Santa Rosa— Santa Rofa Lodge. C. A. Hoffer.
Stockton— Stockton Lodge. S. P. Cbatea.
West Berkeley— Tahoe Lodge, S. A. Pentrell. -
Thla evening there will be a banquet
to the grand officers and representatives
in a Powell-street dining hall.
nan.
San Francisco— Ivy Lodge. George C. Ber»:
Germania Lodge, Louis Filing: Friendship
Lodge. F. A. Meyer: Charter Oak Lodge. W. A.
S. Nicholson; Eureka Lodge, H. A. Callender:
Terba Buena Lodge. W. H. Howard: Norman
Lodge, David Davis; Eaxon Lodge, E. W. Kauf
man; Union Lodge, C. S. Nutting; San Fran
cisco Lodge, R. A. Lindsay; Tancred Ixxlge. C.
W. Decker; Tosemlte Lodge. C. B. While: Key
stone Lodge. E. T. Mlnnehan: Fidelity Lodge.
J. W. Itourke; American Eagle Lodge. P. J.
Smith; Confidence Lodge. II. J. Lask: Far West
Lodge, W. J. Thompson: ' Polar Star Lodge,
. Marysville — Marysville Lodge. John Ruff.
. Merced — Columbia Lodge. William Adams.
Monterey— C. II. M. Curry Lodge, Joseph
Schulte Jr.
- Napa — Napa Lodge. F. II. Epley.
North San Juan— Mlzpah Lodge. Thomas
Evans.
Petaluma— Petaluma Lofige, J. S. Oliver.
Sacramento— California Lodge. H. K. McLen-
laws .will be submitted, but the most lm
portnnt matter to come up will be the
election of. grand officers for the ensuing
term. The contest" will be for the office
o! gmnd dictator, the candidates belnff
Prescott L. Archibald, the Incumbent,
•uho has held the office for sevral termv
and Charles II. Holcomb. the grand vlca
dictator. There will also be quite a con
test for the positions of supreme repre
sentatives. Two are to be elected. The
candidates for the office are: Ben I Solo
mon. M. L. Crowe. C. W. Decker and A.
II. Voight. Charles F. Curry. Secretary
of State, who at present ia supreme rep
resentative, will go back to the supreme
body as a member at the committee on
appeals and grievances, consequently ha
will not be a candidate- for re-election."
The present grand offcers are:
A. If. Volght. past grand dictator: Prescott L.
Archibald. Krand dictator; Charles H. Holcomb.
grand vice dictator; Ben I. Solomon, grand as
sistant dictator; Thomas Jobnstone. rraad re
portw; F. William Zehfuss. grand treasurer:
G. A. Wannake, rrand chaplain: C. A. Oar
thorn <\ Krand guide; W. S. L*ine. grand guard
ian; H. L. farrier, grand sentinel ; E. F. Joy
and A. M. Macpherson, rrand trustees; C. F.
Curry and Maxwell L». Crowe, supreme repre
sentatives.
The repre -entatlves to the Grand Lodga
are:
A lameda— Garden City Lodge, "William. Simp
son.
Berkeley — Center Lodge, A. E. Hart.
Chlco— Victory . Lodsre. James W. Baker;
Butte Lodge, A. Kussel.
Crockett— Carqnlnei Lodse, Patrick Lucy.
East Oakland— Clinton Lodge, B. F. Hobarb
. Fresno — Fresno Lodge. S. Moral.
Grass Valley: — Alpha Lodge, r>. B. Mastick.
Hcaldsburg— Healdsburg Lodge, G. W. Wal
cott.
Los Angeles— Los Angeles Lodge. II. W. Rta
¦baw.
and third biennial session. The order
throughout the United States is composed
of 61,000 members, of which about 3000
hoM their membership in the fifty lodges
In the various parts of California.
Since the session of the previous Grand
Lodge the order In this State has, so tha
reports will show, done well, both In
nn'mtwrshlp and finances. • During the
session this year, which will last two
duys, several amendments to existing
Reports .Will Show Great Progress
Hade, Both in Membership
and Financial
O
The Grand Lodge of California, Knights
of Honor, will meet this morning In the
Alcazar building In Its nineteenth regular
Grand Lodge of California
Knights of Honor Con
venes To-Day.
SOME CONTESTS
ARE EXPECTED
KNOXVILLE, March 18.— A colony of
lOOmegroes left Knoxville , to-day , for ; Ha
waii under a three-year contract, with' the
Hawaiian - Commercial, and; Sugar i Com
pany. -.The i party > was *, raised • : by S. ' f Tt:
Naples,'"" an'' intelligent ;:negro, ¦ who; goes
with the colonists. 'In^ raising the* party,
ah aitempV was" made , to get ' whole, fami
lies" for -the reason 'that, the; company has
had 'difficulty, lnv keeping t'Americani -ne
proes without families : on 'the ' plantation.
The- attempt "was partially Successful.
OT3GBOE3 .WILL-WORK
ON HAWAII! PLANyATIONS
SPRINGFIELD. . 111..' j March 18.— The
Rev." J.' F.~ Marston of . Owensvllle.'Ind.,
pleaded ;' guilty * In "the ;, United i States-Dis
trict Court to-day to forging money, orders
and r was -' sentenced to I eighteen" years ': in
the " Chester ' penitentiary. • Marston hat!
Just served eighteen months for using the
malls with intent to defraud. >' He falsely
represented # himself :; as : '-'authorized . by
Clara 1 Barton,' president * of the • Red Cross
Society, a to i collect > funds j for vthe -. so.ciety
for use In Cuba during the Spanish-Amer
ican vwar in* 1898 and secured 'much money
in Southern Illinois and Southern Indiana.
CLERGYMAN:; MTJST SERVE
.1 A 1 TERM FOR FORGERY
The bill providing for. the opening and
tearing up of public streets by the Board
of Public Works,- except in the case of
water and light /companies, , was finally
passed. The ordinance provides \ for a
schedule of fees to be charged forbearing
up streets. McCarthy opposed its passage
on the ground . that all companies . should
be subject to Its provisions as the. charter
commands.- : Brandensteln explained that
the constitution gives -. the " privilege ; of
tearing up streets to water and light com-
P£ A bill was passed to print providing for
the payment without interest ; of certain
old claims against the city out of the sur
plus fund under the constitutional amend
ment. recently adopted. ¦ i4 . -
Protests against the collection or -fees
for the issuance of building permits were
filed by the Market-street- and Eureta
Valley Improvement: Club, the Real Es
tate and Development Company and ; tto
Potrero Land and Water Front Company,
and • referred j to I the I Building j Committee."
The ordinance i- exempting the Grand
Opera-house from s the ¦¦ provisions of the
theater ordinance by permitting. Its , pro
prietors to extend the brick wall separat
ing the stage, from the auditorium by
building: a corrugated iron partition w*as
P! The Municipal League filed a communi
cation indorsing the action of the. Police
Committee in recommending^ that fifteen
additional pollcemen^e added to the
Police Department. The petition of th »
Western Addition 'Improvement Club, re
auesting that the 'fifteen be made a pa't
of the mounted detail, was referred to the
Police Committee. - ,--¦ - f ¦ ¦ .•¦/¦>. ,
The resolution authorizing the payment
of 1500 to -William A. Schadde. for; exam
ination of Spring Valley Water, properties
in ascertaining land .values .was passed to
print. '" "•¦'¦''• :•'"--- --' ¦ ' '•¦-•
Mayor Phelan yesterday returned to the
Board of Supervisors without his approval
the bill granting a franchise to the Bay
and Coast Railway Company to enter the
city.' The Mayor holds that '._ the >bUl
should not have been finally pasae.d under
the charter until ninety days had "elapsed
after its Introduction. The City Attorney
advised that the introduction of a bill Is
its presentation to the board by a mem
ber of a committee , thereof. The Mayor
finds that the Street Committee presented
the bill on ; January 31, 1901, without ; rec
ommendation, therefore the bill should
not' be finally passed and presented for
the Mayor's' signature until after May 1,'
1901. . • ¦;. , ; . ... . ..' -• •"" '; .
Board of Works Will Supervise Tear
ing TJp of Streets— Initial Step
in Payment of City's v
Indebtedness.
Bay and Coast Franchise Not
to BE Finally Passed
Until May 1.
The demands • f or : telephone service in
the Health Department, which were
drawn on the general fund, were rejected,
as the board holds that such service must
be paid out of -the specific appropriation,
therefor.
The ordinance designed to prohibit ,tho
publication _ of •¦ lottery lists was deferred
one week. : - .. . : , ' ;¦•-; " .'•
; The ordinance . providing for - the -. pay
ment of a. graduated scale of ' fees for
building ¦ inspection ' was referred to the
Joints Committee' on Judiciary, Fire- and
Buildings. Similar action was taken with
the ordinance extending the fire; limits. ¦
The ordinance transferring a school lot
on, San Bruno avenue, to the Fire Depart
ment f for -: the - purpose ¦; of >. erecting i a fire
house thereon was passed to print..;
The offer made by ; Russell L.- Dunn and
.William : C. Alberger to sell . the "Giant
Gap -Water = Supply".. : to the . city was -. re
ferred ¦ to the Board ; of i Public Works | for
Investigation : and report as to ' the feasi
btllty, of the project. , Similar action was
taken with : the I offer lof .the Lake j Tahoe
andTruckee River to sell its rights .for
$50,000. --'-; :~ -'..¦•.¦ - : - '. . -
\, Reed , presented a ; resolution deferring
payment pf demands for telephones until
such : tlm^ as the company shall meet its
obligations regarding license taxes on its
nickel machines, ..;,. The :. resolution was
adopted under suspension of the rules. .
. City Attorney Lane filed an opinion that
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany'.Is v subject to the provisions " of the
charter as ' to ' the : opening , and . closing of
trenches in the public streets. He holds
that ¦ though the - franchise granted the
company gives It the right' to tear up
streets this right cannot be regarded as a
contract. .^38 t »tS^iBB3B | fcS3StfSSteE$ffl!©*&S*3S
: The Board of. Supervisors called Tax
Collector Scott sharply to account yester
day because of the long continued delay
in the prosecution of the suit against the
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany to recover back license taxes. Su •
pervlsor McCarthy submitted a resolution,
which wa s adopted, in which attention. is
directed to the fact that no progress has
been made in the suit of the Tax Collector
against the ' company, which was com
menced I some months ago, I for amounts
due for delinquent license ¦ taxes on/ its
nickel : machines: The resolution ¦ directs
the i Tax Collector , to : furnish at once a
complete history of the cases showing the
date. of each continuance and the j reason
assigned therefor and ' also at whose re •
quest such .continuance Was granted. '
Supervisors Call Tax Collector to Ac
count for Not Prosecuting Liti- ¦
gation Over. Unpaid Back -
License Taxes.
Scott Must Explain Delay
in Suit Against Tele
phone Company.
I Schneider did not marry the defendant
on account of her love for him." /
Cooper Held for Trial.
Assistant District Attorney Whltlr?
submitted the case without further argu
ment and Judge Fritz, after telling Coop
er to stand up, decided that there wa*
ample evidence to warrant holding tho
prisoner for trl^I in the Superior Court
on a charge of forging a telegram with
intent to defraud Nora Schneider. Bail
was fixed in the sum of $5000.
The second charge against. Cooper, that
of forging a seal of a court of record, was
then called, but as the prosecutidn was
not ready to go on with the case. It was
adjourned until this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The engagement ring which Cooper
bought with money obtained by fraud is
now in the hands of Captain of Detectives
Seymour. When Nora Schneider returned
the ring to Cooper he pawned it for S^.
though it is worth $100. Cooper, after his
arrest, gave an order to his attorney to
redeem the ring, but Captain Seymour
had already obtained* possession of It.
Captain Colvllle of Crockett, who lndorse.l
Cooper's bogus note, will have, to reim
burse the Donohoe-Kelly Bank the
amount of money they paid out on Coop
er's checks and the .ring will be returned
to Cclville. | . .
Cooper's attorney ! claims that If Miss
Schneider files suit for divorce it will be
contested. The prisoner is afraid of the
I testimony of his dupe and has Instructed
h.s attorney to take every step to prevent
the admission of her evidence. If Nora
I Schneider, should be granted a divorce
she could then appear against the scoun
drel who now claims her as his wife.
As it will take some time for Nora
Schneider to secure a divorce. Cooper will
try to secure his release by a •writ* of
habeas corpus in the next few days, as
he dreads the possibility of his victim be
ing allowed to appear against him in the
Superior Court.
MOROCCO MUST
COME TO TERMS
Consul General Will Make a
Demand for Settlement
of Claims.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— The State
Department is giving renewed attention to
the settlement of the claims against the
Government of Morocco. '.The. claim -of
Marcus^ Ezagui, who was murdered at
Fez" In "June last, has been adjusted by
the payment of $5000, but there are other
claims equally meritorious which have not
been .satisfactorily . adjusted.-- Recently 1
the State Department gave these consider-,
atlon, all efforts on the part of Mr. Gum
mere, the Consul General at Tangier, to
adjust them having proved : Ineffective. *
Under these circumstances a special
mission, following in this respect the
practice in similar events, was proposed,
instructions to this end to-day were sent
to Mr. Gummere, as well as a further
Instruction to demand I an apology, for an
apparent discourtesy on the part or the
Grand Vizier and the Minister of Foreign
Affairs In . attempting to defeat the pur
pose of the State Department to dispatch
a special mission to Morocco: City.- ¦¦¦' ¦ -.-:
The armored cruiser New with
Admiral . Rogers . aboard, is rapidly,, near •
ing Gibraltar with- every prospect of
reaching Tangier by the end of this week.
She will take Mr. .Gummere > aboard' and
convey him to Mazargan,' where the Con
sul jGeneral will disembark • and ' gp over
land to the Moorish capital. The ¦ New
York • will - remain . at Mazargan under his
orders until some sort of - settlement • is
reached. Mr. Gummere was to-day noti
fied to this effect;.
quest and the police officers quickly put
handcuffs on his wrists and hurried him
up to the prison.
Courtroom Is Crowded.
SETTLERS RUSH
FOR NEW HOMES
• The usual big crowd was present at the
preliminary examination in the police
court yesterday and Cooper was again
the center of attraction. The ex-convict
had lost considerable of his bravado and
his soiled collar and cuffs betrayed the
end of his financial resources.
Judge Fritz, after calling the case, de
cided that Nora Schneider could not tes
tify against the prisoner and that the bur
den of proof that she was not the wife of
Cooper rested with the prosecution.
The District Attorney's office had hoped
to introduce the evidence of Cooper's lat?
est victim, and while it was shown that
Cooper was a married man In 1S97. It was
not prepared to prove that he was not en
titled to enter into marriage with Nora
Schneider. >'--
Mrs. Schneider and her daughter Mamie
both testified that on the night before
Cooper trapped Nora into marriage, he
had been told by Nora and her mother
that no wedding would take place. On
that evening Nora had returned her en
gagement ring to Cooper, the ling having
been purchased with money obtained l»y
fraud from the Donohoe-Kelly Bank.
Mrs. Schneider also testified that her
daughter Nora had on the evening of
February 22 and on many previous occa
sions told Cooper that she would not
marry him without her mother's consent.
Attorney Murphy then made a short ar
gument on behalf of the prisoner and
asked for a dismissal of' the case on the
ground that there was no evidence itq
show that Nora Schneider had been de
frauded by reason of the false telegram
cent to her by Cooper. _
"A woman's affections cannot be stolen
or obtained by fraud as property might
be" said Murphy, "and there is not a
particle of evidence to show that Nora
Algodones Land Grant in
Arizona Opened to
Pioneers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., March 18.— The Algo
dones land grint. embracing 50.000 acres
of the richest land in the world, was
opened to settlement this morning. Yes
terday the "aooners" began to arrive, and
they at once camped at the door of the
land office. Some of them remained there
twenty-four hours, never once moving
from the spot, sq eager were they to se
cure the land they had chosen.
•The first man to file this morning when
the land office was thrown open was Wil
liam O. Harris, who made a homestead
entry of 160 acres. Harris took his posi
tion at the head of what. later, became^
formidable column and never once lext it.
He secured thi land he wanted and gave
wav to the others In line who were.anx
iously pressing to place their applications
O! The e Algodone5 land was reported by a
special agent 01 the Interior Department
to be the richest he ever saw. and the
Secretary of Agriculture says in a report
That it is the richest in the world,
efforts to open the grant which haye been
made In the past were unsuccessful, but
resulted In attracting settlers who made
their homes there, and these squatters
are protected by the Government.
The rush at the land office lasted all
day. and many applications were received
by mail. " '
Troops for Philippines.
t WASHINGTON, March, 18.— Telegraphic
orders were , sent byj the" ,Wa'r : Department
to-day, ! to various department /command
ers to send troops destined for thePhilip
pines to San Francisco In ample time to
Ball ' on ! transports; leaving "as , ¦ follows:
Hancock, March 25;'Buford, April 1; l Kll
patrlck, - April 5, and Loyan, April 15.
Attempt to Lynch an Officer.
MIDDLESBORO. Ky. f March 18.— Three
hundred coal miners of West: Plneville
formed last nlsht'to lynch Deputy Sheriff
Frank McCoy of this city. who. it;is.al
leped, killed Vance Howard, a ¦¦ cousin of
Herry Howard, the Goebel suspect, who
l« under Indictment. The miners learned
that a stronjf guard was around the Jail
and disbanded.:
WATER RATE BILL IS DEFEATED
AT STORMY SESSION OF BOARD
Spring Valley Makes Futile
Effort to Secure Old
Water Rates.
Reed opposed the acceptance of the of
fer/as It .would result In the payment: of
$30,000 per year, for hydrants where $1S.500
ia '¦ being: • paid now, and because the offer
was contingent on the re-election of the
present board. ¦'JffVQf^MplPPiKHBBWi
.Tobln: moved that the ordinance be
amended providing .for. the payment of
¦ Comte withdrew his motion to refer, and
BranUenstein asked the representatives of
the Spring Valley Company to tell what
they would ' do In the .way of Improve
ments if the rates were allowed to stand.
Referring to his offer made during the in-'
vestl nation ~ that ' the • company would ex
pend $465,000 " if : the" old rates were re-en
acted. ¦ Engineer Schussler said that he
had been coaxed into making that;prom
ise by Supervisor .Reed at a dinner in
¦which ' Schussler > -was Reed's • guest.
Schussler. evaded. -the issue by.- claiming
that the offer had' not been accepted, as
he had not made it to the board, having
been , excluded , from ; the . caucus at : which
the; rates were fixed.;' After; a great deal
of parrying Schussler said: • ¦-.-¦ ¦'
-'!We will agree to fill every requirement
contained in the report of Fire Chief Sulli
van within the next two fiscal years, pro
vided >¦ the city will continue to pay $3 per
month for each hydrant.'." • ..
v After the City Attorney's opinion that
the board has no right ' to compel the
Spring Valley Company 'to lay new mains
had been read, Comte moved the refer
ence of the ordinance to the joint com
mittee on judiciary and water, with a
view to secure an agreement from the
corporation to provide additional fire pro
tection. Braunhart objected and made an
allusion to what he termed a conspiracy,
'when he was sharply called to order by
Comte. Braunhart apologized and modi
fled his ' charge by saying that there ap
peared to be a clearly defined conspiracy
on the part of come' one. not on the board,
to allow, the' rates to remain undisturbed
oh the pretext of acquiring additional fire
protection. -Stafford said that the City
Attorney had not decided the point at Is
sue. The Supreme Court. . he 'said, had
held that the company was obliged to fur
nish sufficient water for great public ne
cessities. '- ,•
>¦ Connor. urged the passage of the ordin
ance on the ground ¦¦ that it would sav*
$140,000 in taxes, which caused Reed to re
mark sarcastically that the matter of fire
protection Is of far greater importance
than the. saving of $140,000, which instead
of being spent for . public ¦ Improvements
would probably ¦•• be expended » for .- higher
salaries In the Board or Works -or Health
Board. „..;
After a stormy, session, which lasted
exactly two hours, the water rate ordin
ance was defeated on final passage by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday, though
the measure was passed - to print two
weeka ago. The proceedings were enliv
ened by two incidents. One of these was
a wild charge of • conspiracy to re-enact
the existing ictes made by Braunhart,
though he accused no one in particular,
which was vigorously resented by Comte.
The other, was the expressed disinclina
tion of .Chief Engineer Schussler of-th*'
water company ¦ to be insulted when he
was charged by Brandenstein with, having
broken his agreement -tq expend $165,000 In
laying new mains.
acy to Re-enact the Existing
Ordinance Is Promptly
Resented by Comte.
Braunhart's Wild Charge of Conspir-
Special Embassador of King Edward to
announce officially to the French Govern
ment and certain other governments the
death of Queen Victoria and the acces
sion of Edward VII, arrived this after
noon at the Gare du Nord, where. he was
received by M. Crosier, Chief of the Pro
tocole, and Baron Rujoux, on behalf of
President Loubet. in the waiting room of
the station, which was decorated for the
reception of the mission. ' A squad of in
fantry rendered honors.
After the exchange of greetings the
mission drove in a closed carriage to the
Hotel Riz. where Earl Carrington will re
main until the mission proceeds to Mad
rid on the same errand. The carriages
were escorted by cuirassiers. A few hisses
were heard as the mission left the sta
tion and there were isolated cries along,
the route of "Vive Kruger" and "Vive
les Boers." Earl Carrington will be re
ceived at the Elysees Palace to-morrow
by M. Loubet, who will give a banquet In
honor of the mission in the evening.
. j ¦ * ..-¦¦
General Miles Reaches Cuba.
¦ HAVANA, March 18.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles,, who intends to inspect the
principal military posts in Cuba, arrived
hero to-day with his party from the Unit
ed States. -.wi ¦ *-
Earl Carrington, Who Is Officially
; Announcing the Queen's Death,
Meets "With Insult
PARIS, March 18.— Earl Carrlngton.
EDWARD'S EMBASSADOR
IS HISSED IN PARIS
MANILA. March 18.— A force command
fed by Captain Shanks of the Eighteenth
United States Infantry has had an en
gagement with the followers of Diocino,
a noted Taga.1 leader. In Capiz Province.
Island of Panay. Two of the rebels -were
killed and three, including Diocino, were
¦wounded and caatured;
American Force Commanded by Cap
tain Shn-nfrff Fights With Panay
Insurgents.
WASHINGTON. 'March 18.— Postoffice
Department orders announce: Postmasters
commissioned: California— Dora StalloryJ
Wasioja. Washington— Dougald McPher
pon. Cape Hern.
Postmasters appointed: California — F. B.
Elwood, Alhambra. Los. Angeles County,
vice M. H. .Skinner, removed; A. B. Wolf,
Fioriston. Nevada County, vice J. W.
Doan, resigned: C M. Knojc, Jordan.
Mono County, vice I>. E. Jones, removed;
R. I*. Schlidcr. lx>rdsburg. Los Angeles
County, vice John O. Enell, resigned.
The se pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Oriphial—Richard E. Dyer, San
Francisco. $6; Michael O'Brien, Soldiers'
Home. I.,os Angeles. J6; Samuel Carkhuff,
Soldiers" Home, L«os Angeles. $10. Addl
lionaJ — D. A. Gurnee, Benicia, $&. In
< reas«> — Samuel D. Hovey, Los Angeles,
fl2; Manning Wilson. San Jose. $12; John
Fisk. Los Angeles, $14; James R. Wade.
Veterans' Home, Nana, $12. Orlgnal
widows — Elizabeth Talbot, Los Angeles,
rs; Alsie F. Smith, Sacramento. $8. Ore
gen—Original—Clarence Townsend, Pen
dleton, $6. Increase — Thomas W. Swope.
Oregon City. $10. Washington— Original—
Ezekiel W. Pettit. Everett. $6. War with
Spain— Original— Fred W. Bowne, Van
couver, $6.
Major Charles Newbold. paymaster. Is
ordered to San Francisco to assist in the
payment of volunteers returning from the
Philippines. Captain Douglas Settle
Seventeenth Infantry, is ordered to San
Francisco for duty as assistant to Colonel
Stephen P. Jocelyn, chief mustering of
ficer.
•
TAGAL TYF.ATVTrl DIOCINO
WOTJMDED AND CAPTUBED
Of Interest to the Coast
INDIANAPOLIS. March IS.— In the
presence of the members of General Ben
jamin Harrison's family this evening his
l«is=t will and testament was opened and
read by W. H. Miller, in whose hands the
instrument was placed soon after its exe
cution in 1SJ*S, just before the decedent
left for I';iris to make his argument in
th<7 Venezuelan case.
Nothing could be learned to-night re
garding the contents of the will or the
provtefems of the distribution of the prop
ertv. but ft was a matter of report that
General Harrison made ample and very
liberal provision for Mrs. Harrison and
their little daughter, and that there could
be nn reasonable ground from any direc
tion for dispute of the will in the courts.
Document Said to Make Ample Pro
vision, for the Widow and Child
of Former President.
CHJCAGO. March IS.— Henry T. Scott,
president of the Union Iron Works, passed
through Chicago to-day on his way from
Washington to San Francisco. His visit
to the national capital was for the pur
pose of arranging for the visit of Presi
dent McKinley to San Francisco on the
occasion of the launching of the battle
fhip Ohio. In an interview to-day, he
said:
"Everything has been arranged and
there seems no doubt now that the Presi
dent will go to San Francisco. But we
had to put up a pretty stiff fight. The
Pan-American Exposition people did
everything In their power to win the
point. The President seems enthusiastic
over the trip, and as every member of
the Cabinet excepting Attorney General
Griggs will accompany him. we are plan
ning to give tho party the best time they
ever had."
FAMILY OF HARRISON
HEARS HIS WILL READ
PRESIDENT ENTHUSIASTIC
OVEE THE COAST TRIP
Union Iron Works President Tells of
the Interviews "With, the Na
tion's Chief Executive.
SIR" HARRY WESTU'OOD COOP
ER, alias Dr. Ernest Moore Chad
wlck, was yesterday held for trial
in the Superior Court by Police
Judge Fritz on a charge of having
forged a telegram with intent to deceive
and defraud Nora Schneider of Crockett,
Cal., who was induced by the notorious
ox-convict to enter into a morriage with
him on" February 23 last.
Cooper's conceit and persistency were
once again shown when, at the close of
the court proceedings yesterday, he wrote
a note to the young woman he had po
basely duped. With the knowledge that
Nora Schneider is fully cognizant of his
true character. Cooper penned her a let
ter, couched in most endearing terms.
The young •woman refused to receive the
letter from the hand of the court attache
who offered the missive to her, arid when
it was thrown over the railing of "the
room where she was standing by
Cooper, the letter was cast to the florr
by Mrs. Schneider. ; Miss Schneider gave
pcrmlsion to a newspaper reporter to
open the letter, which was addressed to
"Mrs. Nora Chadwlck," and read as fol
lows:
Darlirp Wife: I must we you at your earliest
| convenience, if only for a few moments. With
love, believe me. Your loving husband.
ERNEST.
P. S. — Tills la of Importance to you.
When Cooper saw his letter thrown upon
the floor his ugly face grew livid and he
demanded that the missive be returned
to him. No notice was taken of his re-
"We arrived here last Thursday night,"
said the mother provincial yesterday,
"and We believe that within the next few
months we will be able to make : the In
stitution one that will commend Itself to
and receive the support of the charitably
inclined of all classes. We came ' here
without funds or a home. The home haa
been given us ¦ by Father ¦ Crowley. We
depend on the all-wise Providence. WWith
our personal exertions and the grace of
God we feel confident of being able to
successfully, carry on the work inaugu
rated ¦ by I us in . every large . city .- in • the
United/ States.
"The/ conditions for admission to our
home are simple. All that is required is
that the applicants be destitute and of
good moral character. They roust be 60
years of age or over. No distinction is
made regarding creed or nationality. The
sisters of the order devote themselves en
tirely to the care of the aged and destitute
poor of both sexes. We provide the aged
poor and destitute with food and clothing
and In the time of sickness nursq and
watch over them. All donations of money,
food or clothing will be gratefully ac
cepted and the prayers of the community
will be daily offered for our benefactors."
The "Little Sisters of the . Poor? now
have 283 houses established throughout the
world. Forty of them are located in ; the
United States. At present the sisters are
caring for 41,000 aged, sick and destitute
people. The society was founded in Brit
tany. France, sixty years ago and there
are about 4600 members in the sisterhood.
Two sisters accompanied the mother pro
vincial here, and six or eight more sisters
will reach here before the end of April.
The old home of the Youths' Directory
on Howard street, near Seventeenth, is
now occupied by the "Little Bisters of tin
Poor." They took possession of the build
ing yesterday through the kindness of the
Rev. D. O. . Crowley, president of the di
rectory, and hope that , within the next
two years they will be able to build a
home of their own. ", ' .
Expect That Within a Short Time
They Will Be Able to Erect
House of Their*
Own.
Sisters of the Poor Open Old
Home of ."Youths'-;
Directory.
CARE FOR AGED
AND DESTITUTE
EX-CONVICT COOPER
IS HELD FOR TRIAL
Notorious Swindler and Bigamist Is
Foiled in Attempt to Lure Latest
Victim to Him by Honeyed Words
CORNERS ENTIRE
CROP OF PRUNES
Season's Yield Bought Up bo Quickly
That Outside Buyers Have No
Knowledge of the
Deal.
Cured Fruit Association in
Full Control of the
Market.
SAX JOSE, March IS.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has cornered the
entire prune crop of the State. All prunes
not In the hands of the association, some
four or live million pounds, have been
purchased outright. /•;*.
The deal tins beea under way since the
meeting ia February, when the members
of the association authorized the directors
to expend not exo-tiing SfJO.OQO for ad
vertiflng and otherwise advancing the in
terests of the combine. The pru»c were
purchased by persons acting for the as
sociation and so quietly that outside pack
ers did not know *.-'no the buyers were
acting for. The price paid was less than
association figures.
-*'¦¦¦•¦'•-¦'¦¦¦' .y '¦¦ ¦-.-..
THE SAN FRANCISCa GA^^^
o
MISS CHRISTINE LA BARRAQUE, "WHO, ALTHOUGH AFFLICTED
WITH LOSS OF SIGHT. HAS WON MANY HONORS AND IS STRIVING
AFTER HIGHER EDUCATION.
GBAPE-NTTTS.
¦When an old. experienced drugsist ad-
vises a man to throw medicine to the dogs
and use good common sense and the right
kind of food the advice Is worth heeding.
"An old friend of mine whom I knew
to be not only a first-class druggist, but
an honest man as well, advised me . in
order to cure my dyspepsia, which I ha-1
suffered with for twelve long years an-1
Fpe'nt hundreds of dollars in order to got
well, to <juit meat of all kinds and make
my meals on Grape-Nuts Food^and cream,
with cooked fruit and Postum Cereal Foad
"I took his advice and in a few days a
preat change had taken place. I was no
longer troubled with pains *. in the side.
smothering spells, palpitation and pains
about the heart, and when night "came I
looked forward to a good night's rest. I
was also free from headaches and sour
stomach that had been with me for years
before.,. In fact I was a new man and Im-
proved bo rapidly in health that I went
up to 220 pounds.
"I am enjoying as good health as I
over did in my life and" no healthier man
can be found I tirmly believe.
"•Durins: the past winter I was out of
doors every day and we had some yerv
prvcre woather. Those who worked with
me and used coffee and tea and other
kinds of liquid beverages were constantly
complaining of the cold. I did not Buffer
in the least, nor did I contract a bad cold
during the entire winter.
"I knejw a lady In Pittcburg who cuf-
fet»;d from dyfipepsia as much as I did.
Shp was a terrible sufferer. . She had a
deathly color, but ehe went on Grape-Jfutt
Food and Postum Cereal Food Coffee and
pained twenty-three pounds In less than
three months. She loFt the greenish color
of her complexion and now- her cheeks
are as rosy as a school girl's, and her
eyes bright as a dollar. , \
"I know when I am well off and stick to
Gi«u>c-^.*ut8iand Postum Food Coffee."
And Every Word "Was Worth a Gold
HE SAID IT.
no difference A[
_ COMPANTS EXTRACT _I
- OF BEEF.'
IT KEEW 1TTXTRENGTH i
kand FLAVORinCREEKLAND ¦ /
TMy£l£/ir DO YOVj£Z£
\1 SEE THE Pff'NT'? 'J[^THE SAN; FRANCISCO; C^
10
8AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. . J£rg§!
200 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:20 p. m.
1911 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2T61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tint!] S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until S p. m.
1C5S Valencia street: open until » p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky rtreg-ty; open until 9 y. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. C. R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TTTESDAY) EVEN- __5\_
ING. March 19. rt 7:30 o'clock. Stated J%Lj\
meeting and R. A. degree. By order / ~r
of the II. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. K. and A. a
M-— Called meeting THIS iTtTESDA Y) -/f\_
EVENING at -,:Zj o'clock. D. 1. By »L_K
order of the W. M. / Tf >
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING ct 7:50 o'clock. Marter Ma-Xjf
•ons invited. / ~T A
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
COURT Defiance No. S3, F. of A-— Ota-^L^m
cers end members are requested to at-
tend the funeral of Past ChW Ranger _f\
GEO. W. TERRY THIS DAY at 1 **¦— >
p. m. !rom hi? late renidence. 2104 Mason st.
EHN5T LACKMANN. Chief Ranger.
A. WASCH. Secretary.
ALL. members of the M— tier Mariners" r_--^_
Benevolent Association are cordially 'J^T.^*
Invited to ettpnd their flrrt quarterly '^£_»»
•octal on FATl'RDAY NEXT. March
23. at Red liens Hall, 320 Po« st.. from
S p. m. to midnight. Tickets can be ob-
tained free cf charge from the committee.
A. BERGMAN.
ANNUAL Meeting— The annual meeting of the
ftorkholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the offlce of the
company. S27 Market St.. Ban Francisco. Cal.,
en MONDAY, the Xth day of March. 1901.
«t the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to . serve for
the ersulnir year and the transaction of
curh ether buFlnei"? as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March J5. 1901. at _ m.
W. H. H ANN AM. F»er*tary.
AGliXTS WA.MED.
! WANTED— Ladles or gentlemen as agents to
eel; oil stock in flrst-class company: proceeds
us«1 in cinklnr wells in positive oil land: ab-
solutely certain to strike oil or money re-
funded. Address J. R. RICHARDS, box 5462.
Call office.
EAVE time and money by ordering canvassing
outfits or complete llf" of "'Queen Victoria."
any *<5ltlon, cr any of the new subscription
rmckn from us; we have them all. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building.
EXPERIENCED Insurance agects. Call at
room 1CL 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
"TANTED— Apents in each city; pood money.
P»r-:f iC Coast M. -r L. Co.. 460 Sth. Oakland.
ASFHAl/TCM ROOFI>G.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eldewalks re-
P«!r«><J: postRl. HS« Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEVS 'JkX LAW.
ADVICE free: dix - orce law a specialty; private;
no fe# without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stoektn.
J H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages; es-
tates: mining; open even. 592 Parrott bldg.
FRANK W. FMITH. mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills blir., r. 8. 4th flr.; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9I7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bid*.. 927 Mar-
k»t st.: or.nfultatlon free: no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CUILDRB.V.
GOOD borne for 1 or 2 children In Berkeley;
convenient to train and cars. Address 1527
Mason et.. Lorin. Berkeley.
WANTED — Child to board; best of care; no
other children. 806»i Green st.
BISIXESS ClIAACKS.
A RARE chance — Old-estah. flower store with
nursery, including hothouses, boiler, horses,
wagor.s, plants and trees of all description;
location heart of the city; estab. 8 years; a
first-cla^s. paying establishment; lease. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT on Sansome st: rent
SIS: good naying. R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny.
A— J400: BRANCH bakery and stationery; rent
t»; S living rooms; dally receipts $12. Call
R. G. WILKE, ZVri Kearny st.
A— J11C0; BAZAAR, stationery, notions, toys,
clear?, etc.; stock will Invoice the price; best
corner In the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^i Kearny st.
A— J1S00: CORNER barroom on Third st., close
to Call bldg. ; an old-estbl. and flrst-class
paying place; sickness of owner only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. -26»j Kea— ly st.
Ji—iC.0; PLUMBING shop; established many
years and doing a first-class paying business;
rent $22 60; location bert: business Ureet.
Western Add. R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearfty.
A— J1000; CHOPHOUSE and restaurant on
Davis st.; kept by present owner 7 yean.; a
first-class paying business. Call. R." G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000: SALOON close to Palace Hotel; net
rent |27 CO; old established; well paying; ele-
gant fixtures; about $300 stock on hand: a
splendid chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— 5300; CIGAR stand: rent $10; dally receipts
$12; located close to Palace HoteL Call R. G.
_ WILKE. 2C% Kearay st.
A— $12S0; CORNER errocery and bar on Cali-
fornia. St.; choieert location In this city; rood
paying place: clean stock; good fixtures. Call
R. Q. WILKE. 2€% Kearny «t.
A— $200: STATIONERY store: 2 living rooms;
rent $10: rood business for -man and wife.
Call R, G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— J710; CORNER grocery and bar; northern
part of city; death of owner cause of sale; a
rood business for -man and wife. Call It. G.
WILKE, SC^a Kearny «t. ¦
BONA fide buyers call and Investigate the fol-
lowing businesses, which must be Bold with-
in S days; any reasonable offer will be ac-
oepted; call early:
Millinery store; country town.
Cigar store (down town); good buslnew. - . I
Grocery and bar; In factory district.
Good bakery In the Mission.
A paying- drag store (good location).
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, opp. Mason.
WANTED— Man with email capital In good-
paylna; business; no night or Sunday work;
experience not necessary. M. LESS, 763
Market Bt.
$>50— BARBER ehop; t chairs; established 25
yearc; cheap rent; must be sold at once on
account of sickness. M. LES8. 7G5 Market.
J1000— HOTEL, with bar; 15 rooms; 30- boarders;
near S. F. KREDO Sc, CO.. Flood building.
WI0— PARTNER: grocery, bar; big business:
chance of lifetime for a. good man. KREDO
— CO.. 8C8 Market St. -
tZft— HOTEL, 20 rooms; clears $100 monthly;
cheap rent. KREDO & CO., EM 'Market st
$175— CIGAR stand near Market: bargain \hls
day. MCLAUGHLIN — CO.. Tmi Market at.
EMALL restaurant for sal>> t cheap; doing a
good business. McLATJGHLIN, 777% Market
(SO — Corner saloon: bargain: sickness cause of
rale. McLACCHLLN — CO.. 777^ Market St.
$800— BOARDING-HOUSE, it rooms and bar; SO
good boarders; onetf the best paying hous*a
in the city and the greatest barrain ever of-
fered for eale: will clear $150 to $200 per month;
must aell thl« week, as the owner baa other
business to attend to in the country. Business
Board of Trade, 328 Pine et., cppoelte Ban
Francisco Stock Exchange.
..A— SALOON and restaurant: HOM; among..
..factories and railroaders: meals IS cents..
up. Rent $20. Dally sales $35...
....L«?»se for S year*. Cause, c— ner rick....
M. GRIFFIN. 7U Market st.. near Call bldg.
100 CIGAR stands. 2S0 crocerlee and ban.
200 candy and Icecream stores. COO restaurants.
*05 stores cf all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. fe28 Market st.
JITS— BARGAIN for SITS; restaurant for eale.
including 4 rooms, furnished, on account of
fickn«*ss; rent $13. Address 173 Stevenson Bt
A— f!W: PARTNER wanted: light business; $18
:n t:z a week each; no experience required;
trial given. 25 Geary ct.. room 1. -
J20&-REETAURANT situated among factories,
shops; 1000 people pass; n« opposition; rent
HO: going East. 741 Brannan st.
FTKST'CLASS saloon and liquor store, cheap
.at $3000: must be sold; owner going East; no
agents. Box 2138. Call.
HESTA CHANT. SJ» Market St.. near city front:
S700: account other business; rent $£0; re-
cetpts S20 to jgO dally.
KCO WILL buy a nice little restaurant and
coffee parlor: rent IIS, paid to April 1. Ap-
ply at 704 Folk st. . — .
FOR Fale — Good saloon; Market St.; owner roes
to Germany. . Address O. 6., box SG03,*'Call.~
fltt— nCSTAIISANT for sale, doing good bus-
iness. 403 B^car et. ' .
CM ALL restaurant, south of Market: reason-
able IX taken soon. Bo- :«3, Call office. ; ,
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
RCO-SALOOX: best location; near Kearny st.;*
business epeaks Tor Itself: sell at sacrifice on
account of departure. Apply LUNDIN &
CO.. WC Market st - . '
$;CCO— CORNER grocery and saloon; well-
known old profit-earning place: will be sold
at sacrifice; owner going to Europe. LUN-
DIN & CO.. SCO Market st
$500— SALOON; best location; near Kearny st;
business speaks for Itself; sell at sacrifice on
account of departure. Apply. LUNDIN &
CO., S0< Market st.
DRY goods peddling, country route, wagon and
team; big money; owner retiring rich. CaL
Bus. Aesn.. SCZ Market st.
WAXTED- Party with S1000 to $5000; will pay
liberal Salary with secured interest in Alas-
kan business. S03 Call building. .3. F.
AN old-established fruit, fish and delicacies
store. Address C. M. W.. Vallejo. Cat '
FOR SALE— Restaurant; $350; cheap rent; liv-
ing rooms. Cox 2186, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC business for sale cheap; parties go-
lng north. Box 24S0. Call office. •
PLANING mill in this city for sale." F. GEIER,
Market and Dolores sts.
5*000— WOOD and coal yard; established 43
years;- in central location; never changed
hands: clears from $300 to S400 per month;
6 fine wagons and horses; low rent; for refer-
ence see all wholesale coal dealers. - Address
Owner, box 2698. Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
" her stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR sale — A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley, doing a. business from 1100 to 5150 per
week;jtio other laundry within 50 miles. Box
164S. Call office.
FOR rent — Finest location in Oakland to open
grocery store. LAYMANCE CO.. 460 Eighth
St., Oakland.
$50 CAPITAL wins flOO r«r week at races. In-
formation LYONS, 921 Market St., room 4.
AN active man wanted to take an Interest in
an established office commission business with
a well-known, reliable man; capital required
fTA. Box 2C50. Call\offlce.
HOTEL to lease — 21 rooms at San Rafael; brood
gauge station; newly painted; in first-class
order. Owner. 11 Lyon et
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE outside route (No. 1C) for sale. Apply
at Call Business offlce.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and dairy produce;
t furnished rooms; must be Bold by April 1.
Apply 2C99 Mission, st.
FOR sale— Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1612 Market et.
PLUMBING shor for_sale In Palo. Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 17§, v Call office.
LARGE Inside route on this, paper for. sale.'
Apply business offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beenV established at 109b
Valencia st. ¦
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
LET THE AGENTS \ BLOW AND SHOUT
BUT DO NOTlFORGET THAT
DECKER IS ON DECK
..AND HAS BEEN- FOR OVER 25 YEARS..
WITH 100 HOUSES— ALL BARGAINS
...All Elzes and prices from 3 to 500 rooms...
Consisting in Hotels
Rooming Houses
Lodging Houses
Boarding Houses
Flats and Private Homes
40-room house; rent $60 $1,090
14 rooms on Third st 450
10 rooms on Tsylor st S50
23 rooms on Market st 850
33 rooms on Market 6t 1.700
106 rooms; modern house 10.030
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. Mint 796.
1S-ROOM house
ELEGANT PAYING LOCATION
ROOMS ALL RENTED
Sure to clear $150 every month
I am ordered to sell this house regardless
of its worth. What will you pay?.:
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Oth.
MRS. A.. CAMERON. £50 Market Ft, rooms 2L
22 23 (formerly with Marlon Griffin. 719 Mar-
ket St.). will be pleased to have old and new
customers call and select houses from large
list cf bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ness chances of any kind they may have, to
sell: see special list of bargains.
10-room flat, on O'Farrell: modern; rent»$55:
""price $750: good furnlture-and carpets; elegant
9-rocm flat, on Geary; 9- room flat, Eddy; 7-
room Sat on Ellis: all elegant and modern.
12 rooms; rent $60: price $750: residence; fine
yard; good furniture and carpets.
48 rooms; rent $175; price $1600; in business
center; pays well.
21 rooms; rent $123; price reduced to $900; a
sacrifice; hardwood furniture; hair mat-
tr— sscs.
16 rooms, corner; 2 entrances; rent $80; price
reduced to $9^ If sold at once: two houses.
14 rooros: Van Ness ave.: $1000: rent $C0;
velvet carpets; $690 down, balance time; no
interest.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st Telephone Mint 1591.
CO rooms: rent $110. $25001 12 rooms: snap $400
27 rooms: rent $50.. 950 i 18 rooms; bargain... 800
35 rooms; rent SCO.. 1200J10 rooms; piano hz-i)
35 rooms; rent S50.. 900 j 7 rooms (flat) 325
r.6 rooms; rent $123. 1S50J10 rooms; only 275
2S rooms; rent $41..^SO0!14 rooms; one floor.- COO
36 rooms; rent $115. 2500,17 rooms: Cth st 900
40 rooms; rent $S0.. 1900 10-room flat '.. 750
SEE OUR LIST>OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
. buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
CO rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition. ... 1000.
E0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments COO
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
Select Tour House From Largest List In Town.
8 rooms; excellent value $300
14 rooms; a genuine bargain 300
20 rooms; well furnished: close in 1000
23 rooms; always full; nice location.. 1000
44, 78 and 135 roomed houses.
See our special bargain list before buying;
we lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates. WALTER HATES & CO.. 838 Market.
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st: telephone 1599.
4S rooms, north of Market; only $1600
18 rooms, Hyde: very finely furnished..... 600
20 rooms: rent $50: location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at aay price
north or south of Market Et
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
All buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call. '
G. W. SCHWEIKHAHD,
Phone Mint 1811. 917 Market Bt. bet Sth & Sth
MARION GRIFFIN. *
71» Market St.. by Call bldg.: tel. Black I80S.
I have for sale 473 lodging-houses. Please call
at my office and get free list Will furnish
you money If you haven't enough.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
we .have them In any part of the city and Rt
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 23
Sixth st.
ttOO-26 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent BASILE. 3 Eddy st I
$800— Bay-window house, 18 rms., good furniture;
always full; rent $44; bargain. 834 Folsom st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Thi "Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any eddress in the
TTnltxi States or Canada c.ne year for tL
CARPET I1EATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing -Works, 2Z2-2Z1 Tehama. Ft. : tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. II.
STEVENS, m gr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 2C0.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at Ec.
ETrtATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie »44.
J, E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
Yatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt: tel. Mission 74;
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlnr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. .-¦
CONKLIN'8 Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ;.
~ * SPiaiTCALISH.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
falls; bas the seven e*als. the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world: shown picture of fu-
. ture husband or wife; gives, lucky numbers;
advice on all speculation, love and legal- af-
faire; any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she Is no sham: prices 25c and
up; come and you will be surprised: gives
satisfaction every one: op. Sundays. 215*4 ctii.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the itame of the
•ne you wtll. marry; the only medium In the
—orld so sure of his occult , power that he
will give every perron • who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or; write,- with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market ft. op.' 7th.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. tlia,
world- renowned spiritual medium; advice > in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. -Frt. eve.; letters answered.
Rog|d.<no signs). E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde, Larkin.
MRS. QILLINGHAM-S spiritual test meeting.
8 p. m., 10c; bring sealed questions. ; 303 Laf-
kln £t.:hrs. 1 to 5, except Wed. • and Sat ;
diagnosis free Friday.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; clt-
tinss, $1. U64 O'Farreii, nr. Cousii, _r.i= cir.'
•^ | _SP^TOALISM.^^tlnned.^- ¦ ¦
ETIIEREALIZING' and materializing '' seances,
• every - Tuesday and Thursday- night, -50c.-
ARNOLD DICKSON, US Sixth Bt.
MEETING Tuea. Wed., 1238*Howard; Thurs.i
117 Larkin. In Scottish Hall. Mrs. Maxwell.
Wren. Hckln. • :..-..
GO to Mansey, , gypsy medium; scientific palm-
lstry taught; certtQcate guarntd. 1079 Market.
MRS. LOUISE S.-DREW. Psychic. - Electric
and Masrnetlc Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read 10c; prophetic readings GOc, $1. 14S Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat. ; 10c. 14S Sixth st..-. 2d floor.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S. 3230 Twenty-second st,
cony Inc. tests to-night, 10c; skeptics Invited,
MJIK. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
605 McAllister St.; 10c; come. Bkeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 50a 10S4 Bush Bt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs.' C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all to-night :10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SANDERS removed from - the . Vendome,
1104 Market St.. to 1130 Market.' Astor House.
Tells you what to do for a - living, whom to
marry, unites the separated, discovers mines,
names the winning horses, finds lost \ prop-
erty, reveals your enemies, tells the past,
foretells the future, gives lucky numbers,
legal advice, teaches mind vibration, brings
you Into mental communication with friends
at a distance." reads your hands, head and
' innermost thoughts, : dispels the blues, drives
away melancholy and gladdens : every heart.
- Call to-day If possible. Ten questions an-
swered by mall fcr $1. Astor House, 1130
"Market st, rooms 1, 2 and 3.
MME. M. BERNARD. - '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and -portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, : consult .this
great medium and you will be told how to
•overcome them.. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket et, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect i satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and olalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
sults. 26'j Kearny. r. 5. 6; hrs 10 to 12. 1 to 7. „
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 23c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known'clalrvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. EEREDA. the gypsy, la the great palm-
ist and card reader. 25c. 7 Seventh st
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 41SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th * 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MMTC. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
»(*!-•»•»• T>»rr>M fivoTi* T'o tin. R Vonrth St
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charg? un-
less successful. , Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. '
TEHAMA. 9, near First— Cottage, 6 rooms;
yard and conveniences: rent moderate.
$10— COTTAGE 4 rooms; half block Folsom and
Preclta ave. Key S50 Preclta ave. v
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
School. Friday, March 22. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DKXTISTS.
¦AT the :3LECTRO-DENTAL~CLINic, "8oTm_>
' kct St.. cor, 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done, painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays,) to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORQE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreM st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
Kc; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ( are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
f rom "^S per set; extracting. Me; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9S9
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited ;
positive painless extraction, 60c.
;PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c:plates $5up;phone Polk 1135:
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. gT
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College! 723"Market"st.-^Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. :¦ positions se-
cured "for graduates; catalogue..
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions. to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlnlng.mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
dor Nalllen School. 113. Fulton, nr. City Hall.'
A FULL course In' Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates: bookkeeping: flgures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. S20 Parrott bldg. ~
MERRILL-MILLER College. , shorthand and
typlrir, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,.
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
KRKN- CH. Spanish. etc I»ror.I>eFilippe"sAcademy
of Larguages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1003 Mission st .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day pr eve. : 15 mo. ¦ 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLTJSTRATION'-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlgl-.t daf*. 424 Pine st. ;
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and * House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men ; at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239L
JAPANESE and Chinese ; help . of all kinds ;
- cook*, waiters and house servants, GEO
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135. ;-'-:.;.¦
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese^ Iiflp fur. E44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1048. Sutter: tel. ; East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese ' employment I of-
, flee; all kinds help.- 315 Stockton : : Main .. 5188.
ORP.HEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter': tel.Black D072.
JAPANESE and ' Chinese ¦ employment ' offlce
Begt help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese -employment offlce—
Best help. ,41114 O'Farrell st:' teL East 426.? '
EMPLOYMENT/" WAMTED- -FEMALE;
KELIABLE woman 'wishes . a" few : more ¦ days
in the week for -washing. Address 412 "Lin-
den ave. • .'. - ¦¦¦¦¦ - ;. , ¦..'¦.¦-"• -: /
GERMAN woman would like to do housework
for German' family; good laundress; wages
$20 to $25. Box 2583. " Call', office. - '¦- . :,'.-. v.
¦ WOMAN ; wants . work ' by i the i day,- -.washing.
Jronins - or - housecloantng; '* $l\- day -and- car
fare." Call or address 444 Jersey st.*: for three
111 i ' 'UUtlJl-DltliLyiJi_tllJjLLLU.lUU ... ' i ¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦¦
EMPLOYMENT
LADY, waitress iwants lunch • or dinner.' work.'
'.. Call or address 103 ; Eighth :st. '/¦ '.'' ¦¦-..-
A GERM AN woman' wishes to do housework,
small washing or. cooking by r the ' day. Ad-
. dress 609^ Natoma st. _¦ .^ : ' ..¦¦
WOMAN to, work by the day; washing, ironing
.and [Cleaning: $1 and carfare.' = 249 Natoma st
RELIABLE woman wants day's work or steady
1 place by the month; carfare . expected. . - 693
Ellis st. - . ,;,',- ¦•-:.¦.. . --¦ : ¦
WOMAN wishes chamberwork a few • hours a
. day, or any kind of work. 579 Natoma Bt
RELIABLE I woman wishes situation in small
family to do light housework; no cards. Call
• 2303 Howard St. •. - \ ¦ •¦ . - .. ' : •
DRESSMAKER Just arrived from New York
wishes engagement In family by the day,
$1 SO. Apply to Dressmaker. 568 Mission .et.
BY a middle-aged housekeeping' or
chamber work; 'would like to go north; no
trlfler/ MISS B., 28 Seventh st, room 28.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do general
housework. Apply 1122 Rhode Island st., near
Twenty-third.
YOUNG' lady from the East wishes a position
as ', housekeeper . or ¦ dressmaker in . a refined
family:-. 1178 East Fifteenth St., Oakland.'
WINCHESTER H<fiise, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $160 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt. ' ' ¦ ' '¦ ' - _-
j EMPLO YMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— By a retiring hotel-keeper, aged
40. a situation as Interpreter In a hotel on
the -Pacific Coast; speaks all languages: best
of references. Sterling, care U. S. Consulate,
Shanghai., ' ' .'
RESPECTABLE single middle-aged man wish-
; es a position of trust; day or night clerk;
is- good barkeeper; good references. ."• 331
Kearny et.; room 34. '¦'¦¦'
ELDERLY man wants situation es gardener,
skillful with care and management of horses,
etc. : wages moderate; flrst-class references.
Gardener, box 2442, - Call offlce.
MARBIED man wishes position as choreman
on farm or, private residence; can milk and
understands horses. Box 2203, Call, Oakland.
MIDDLE- AGED man would like to have a
place as janitor, porter or houseman: good
recommendation. Address box 2451, Call.
EUTCHER— A young man, age 27. 1 year's ex-
perience In New York shop, desires position.-
Box 2430. Call office.' ¦ ¦- :¦ V
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or stenog-
rapher: 8 years' experience; references. Ad-
dress box 2450, Call office. •
EY young man Just from Ohio; willing to do
any honorable work; good penman. Box
2446. Call offlce. ,
BARBER with 2 years' experience wants work
with good man. Address box 2449, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCER-. traveling salesman in mat-
ting wants position traveling or In retail fur-
niture store; best references. Address F. G.,
box 2453. Call. -
ELECTRICIAN- wants position to run Isolated
plant; moderate wages; city or country. Ad-
dress J., 615 Larkin st. ' - ¦
FIRST-CLASS gardener, middle-aged German,
wishes position on private place; first-class
recommendations. Address box 2481, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS man, middle-aged, wants sit-
uation as porter, houseman or assistant Jani-.
tor: good city references. Address box 2483.
Call office. - -
SITUATION by first-class gardener, Swiss, sin-
gle; best references given; private place. W.
P., 533 Broadway. * - ¦•
GENTLEMAN desires situation to take care of
horses and drive: references. 221 Ninth st
GENTLEMAN wishes position as cheese-
maker: can run any kind separators. Box
2472. Call. . ¦
WANTED— Employment by elderly man to
'take care of horses and cow; private family;
• city reference. Address 278 Natoma St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti
Valencia st. ¦¦'.".-• . _!__
FEATHER PILLOWS. y
HOTELS and private parties wishing to. have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
TKATT1VM FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
~ FLATS TO LET.
$9— SUNNY upper flat. 3 rooms; 1316 Jessie st,
off Hermann, near Valencia. ' Apply UMB-
SEN' & CO.
FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms; large yard; $10.
732 Willow ave., bet Ellis and Eddy sts..
near Buchanan. ¦
A' MODERN flat; Just renovated; 6 rooms and
-' bath. ¦ 735B Ellis st, near Larkin.
FLAT to let;, 6 rooms; rent reasonable. -265H
Clara st. ' \:.-
NEW flat of 7 rooms. Cor. Preclta and Treat
aves., off Folsom st. ; rent $15.
SACRAMENTO, .1261— Flat of 3 rooms; sep-
arate entrance; rent $12 50.
$14— SUNNY fiat of 4 rooms, rear. 115 Leaven-
worth Bt. ' ¦ •
FLATS ;TO.iLBT> — CBKXISH3D.
THREE" to five" handsomely and completely
"** furnished rooms for housekeeping; all mod-
ern conveniences: pleasant -surroundings;
very desirable. 129 Liberty et
A NEW Pat to let; new furniture, eunny all
sides; reasonable; going East WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD. room 42. Phelan bldg.
FUnSlTTRE FOR SALES.
COZIEST flat In San Francisco: 5 rooms and
. bath; modern: golden oak furniture; furnished
Just 1 year; must be sold. Apply 275 Locust
avenue. . #
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $43 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 La.rkin: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn.,' mdse.', etc.- see J. A.
I Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
, 2245 New Enterprise Furn.* store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
; etc. see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353..
CHAS. LEVY1 buys your < furniture,* carpets,
planoe, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 781.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for wecond-hand furnlturei-tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses... Watering resort... $25,- free fare
2 waitresses.... Springs.... $20, fare- advanced
2 waitresses Santa Monica iZ>, free fare
; 2 waitresses... ..::.. Country Hotel.. .;-..:. .$22 50
. 15 waitresses ".......*.¦...:.'..."...;.......-...."... ... -
...... v... City and different country hotels,' $20
5 chambermaids to wait, city ...,..$20
. Fancy lroner, country hotel...............;. $30
2. cooks, boarding-houses, city ....$30
Cook, summer hotel, see party- here ; - this
morning .' :...'... ;:;..'.¦. .$33
>< FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Any woman or girl looking for situation as
cook. •¦ housework, second work, ¦ nurse," - can
obtain it by applying to-C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....,...Phon« Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
1 waitresses, country, 23; waitress? commer-
cial, $22 EO, fare. paid;' 2 waitresses $20, cham-
bermaid $20, came country hotel, fare paid, see
party 11 a. m. ; 10 waitresses, different city an»l
country hotels, $20; 3 chambermaids, to wait,
city, $20: i chambermaid, country, a $20." '
¦-¦'¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ;
House girls; cooks for city ¦ and country. : $15
to $30. ,MRS.;M. E. DAY.& CO... 835 .Gearjv
A-HOTEL, GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm.12.'
. Laundress, $25; waitresses, city hotels. $20.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; wages $10;
Sundays ¦ and . evenings off. • 25 : Pearl , st, ¦ off
. Thirteenth, between Valencia and, Guerrero. : ¦
YOUNG girl j for " general housework and cook-
: Ing. .Apply .between 10 and . 12 a. m.. : 2220
"Webster st.,*: corner Washington. . ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants; union work.
903: Bush Bt. . C. . . ,• - v:v
GIRL for housework;. 10 to 4;30: car fare. one
¦ way; $8-> 1311 Baker St." ' . ; ., • v. r,ie-r-.
WANTED— Girl ", tor? general . house WQrk. 2S05
;, .Washington £t; ' .. , -. \ . : ! .
GIRL to assist in general housework: no coolc-
- Ing. - 130S . Buchanan ; st. "•.;¦'. > ¦
GIRL for general; housework and cooking.*.; Ap-
. ply 129 Capp Bt.,' between 10 and 12 o'clock.-- .
WANTED at" 825 Guerrero St., a' competent girl
- to <lo ¦ ceneral ; housework. »-¦;¦¦
WANTED— A' young glrl : to asslstlwlth house-
, work..' 710 ¦¦_ Hyde st..> ;.
WANTED— First-class - -waist," ¦ skirt and • coat
hands.- Apply 1200 Geary st.^.' after 7, p. m.r; L .
LADY ; partner ', with ?, $150 : manufacturing spe-
cialty- business; \ fine paying. bus.' "\ Call ' betr 10
- a; m. & 12 m. >. Room 23, : Emma Sp/cckelg bid.
WANTED-Ai woman t to ' cook ; and • wash flan-
nels* In > family of l4 preferences required. Ap-~
ply atl264 Fourteenth st; West 'Oaklaud. ;
j HELP ¦ WAXTED— FEMALE— -Con. ,
WANTED— Experienced skirt and waist ' altera-
tlon hands. LIVINGSTON BROS.. » 123 Post. .
EXPERIENCED; salesladies and trimmers for
millinery; highest wages; steady. 130 Sixth st
OPERATORS en shirts and overalls; Inexperi-
> enced Instructed; | 410 Mission st.
A YOUNG, woman; light housekeeping; $10
¦ month; small plac<; home. Box 2695. Call.
WANTED— Competent cook In small . family;
wages $25. r Call 1101 Laguna st.
WANTED— Nurseglrl; must have experience.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m., 1453 Franklin.
WANTED— First-class buttonhole ' maker on
coats.- 135*6 Katoma. near New Montgomery.
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of sick
lady; German preferred. 112 Langton st.
WANTED— Flrst-class waist finishers. Apply
330 O'Farrell at. ¦ - ' V - "
GOOD finisher on custom coats ; steady work. 8
Pine place, off Pine st. above Mason.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook; family t.
Call between 12 and 3, 1290 McAllister st.
WANTEDr-Waltress. at Hotel Montrose, 1020
Van Ness ave.. corner. Geary st. -
NEAT young girl; general housework, cooking:
, no washing. -Call between 10 and 12, 3326
Twenty-sixth st
"WANTED— Flrst-class bookkeeper; must fur-
nUh reference. 433 Sixth st. ¦•
WANTED — A. girl for -general housework.
¦ 2700A Twenty-rfourth st ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman or young girl, light
housework & plain cooking; ref. 252^ 3d St.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Apply ; 514 Devlsadero st.
APPRENTICE on coats; wages paid whlla
learning. . H. . DAVIS. 110 Rusa St. ¦
TA1LORESS wanted on custom Toats. , 1170
Market Ft.;'? room 36. . ' )
WANTED— Walter girl for coffee saloon. Call
at 132 Fourth Bt. - ¦ . : ¦'-..'
PAPER BOX FACTORY; experienced girls.
Western Paper Box Co. , 30 Fremont Bt
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erence;- wages $20.. 613 Ellis Bt
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted to"* care for
children.' £30 Turk st. .
YOUNG girl 16 or over to assist in light house-
work. ; Call : at 451 Guerrero st., between Slx-
teenth and Seventeenth.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard
St., bet: Fourth a'nd Fifth, handball court
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 Halsht st ,
WANTED— Improvers on skirts. 796 Sutter
street. » >>-.-- : ."
WANTED— Flrst-class waist trimmer. 796 Sut-
ter Bt
NEAT girl for upstairs work, assist with
baby; small family; wages $15. 2520 Green
st.,. between Scott and Devlsadero.'— -
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
man cooking. 1440 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Saleslady for hat department at
Raphael's, Inc.
BUTTON-HOLE maker: finisher; -apprentice,
, paid while learning.. 609 Kerny st. room 2.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
four in family. 2130 Sutter St. - . " ;-
FINISHER . wanted on custom coats. Apply
186 Shipley st. near Fifth; permanent emp.
GOOD finishers on custom vests; good wages.
622 Clay street room 16A.
YOUNG lady for candy store; must assist in
factory. Address box 2452, Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. •
LADT over 25 with some business experience to
travel for wholesale house; salary and ex-
penses. Box 2464, Call offlce.
HAND sewers and croeheters, experienced.
Golden Gate Mills, OANTNER & MATTERN,
9 Stevenson st., near First. - . .
SMALL girl to assist with light housework.
264 San Carlos ave., bet. Mission and Valen-
cia, off Nineteenth.
GIRLS wanted at WEMPE BROS.' Paper Box
Factory, 121 to 127 Mission st, cor. Main.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
paid. E5 Harriet st. - .'
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 211%
Tehama st; upstairs. .
PANTS finisher and apprentice; good wages;
steady work. 935 Market St., room 10.
PANTS : finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
GIRLS from 14 . to 16 to learn dgarmaklng;
- paid while learning. 621 Montgomery st .
WANTED— Good talloress on flrst-class vests:
also apprentice. £04 Eddy at
GIRL for general housework; moderate wages.
Apply In forenoon, 110 Lyon st., near Page.
FINISHERS and apprentice on coats; steady
work. 354 Geary St.
AN errand girl to work for a tailor. 63S Na-
toma st. .
OPERATORS on bar coats, butcher gowns and
aprons; electric power. 204H Turk st. •
__ _____ ~y~~ "
GIRLS wanted; bookbindery. 536 Clay st
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear - to work
In factory. 723 Market St., room . 35.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring! 641 Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS "operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. 641 Market st. \ . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements i and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ .:-¦¦¦¦¦
HELP: WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/B....M04 Geary. st
:... .RAILROAD WORK
Gang of men for all-round R. R. work on
Cal. and Northwestern Ry., at Uklah..$2 day
Gang of drillers for the big tunnel at Chats-
worth Park........ :.;. $2to $2 60
Free Fare.. .Ship Daily. .......*. Free Fare
8 Swiss milkers, $26 and board; ranch black-
smith, $43 and board; blacksmith, country
shop, $40 and board: 3 farmers. $26 and $30;
gardener, country hotel. $25; cheesemaker, $55.
HOTEL DKPARTMENT
6 walters.Nrestaurant, south, $11 a week, fare
paid; 10 hotel waiters, city and country, $25
to $35; fry cook, $«; second cook, $63; J
restaurant cooks, $55; 4 bellboys, $12 60, $15,
$17 60;, night clerk, cmintry hotel, $25.
. Extra Btarcher, ¦ hotel laundry, country, $1 50
S a day, free fare; marker and distributor, $40.
C. R, HANSEN & CO.. ......... 104 Geary st
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
,. White male help of all kinds furnished.
FREE. OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help. %
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. - No objection I to distance. ¦ We
' ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment ¦
¦/ . . ' ' In 1897 to upward of 17,000 men.
In 1S9S ta upward of 19,000 men.
. In 1899 to upward of 21,000 men.
In 1300 to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds
Of places awaiting your - selection.
COME READ our BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WANTED ....:....
German driver for ¦ liquor ; house. $11 a week
and commission; young man drive butcher
wagon : and care horses, near city : ¦ chore-
man, milk and make butter, $30; 2 vineyard
hands, ; $26; 6 farmers; $20 and $26: waiter,
, country, $30 and ' room; waiter; hotel, city.
$25; -baker's helper. ¦ city, p and found;
". blacksmith ranch, $30; coopers, $35;
gardener, country," $25. W. D. EWER &
. CO.. 610 Clay st ... --.: . . .
4- ALL-ROUND > farm hands, $1 per day and
. board; ; 4 quarrymen, . ; $1 75, board where you
please; \ gang of : mill and woodsmen, wood-
choppers, - redwood .73c, pine $1 25, oak $1 60
. : per cord, pickets $6 thousand, posts $3 hun-
''dred; cook for boarding-house-. $25. board and
¦ room. > CAL. EMP. . AGENCY. 59 , Third st,
phone, Red 31. . ' . ;. .¦ , •
A FIRST-CLASS third cook, country. $50, see
party here, ¦ fare • advanced. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery rm 12,
- night ; clerk, |30;' waiters, $30; , bell-boys. $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
-- Free employment ; ¦ only recognized union. * 115
• Turk; tel. Folsom 1E83.- I. LESS, Secretary.
CABINETMAKERS, one stair ; builder, non-
unjon. ;ko; offlce I fees. • MECHANICS REG-
V ISTRATjON * BUREAU. 410 • Kearny atl '
WANTEl^Steady man; light Indoor work; will
pay $75 per month to start; steady place; must
- -have $200. " READ'&CO..- 10O7H Market 1 st. -
CUTTER who sews, for country ; | apply REISS
:BROS. & CO., 24Sutter st. - , ¦
WANTED i at '• Fresno/r B * flrst-clas3 " plasterers ;
>; wages, ' $4 per : day. ; Appjy ', at Patterson
building. Fresno. . :: asi — SBH__SQ_— I
ACTIVE man. I by • large manufacturing | house ;
. $36 cash paid ) tor ¦ 12 days' ; trial ; ; promotion,
'-¦ permanent * position ! If satlsf actory. ' Address
,*I G.'; B.'i P. : CO.; * box: 1027 ¦ Philadelphia.;- Pa. --/.,-,
BARBER ;. wants ¦ > location r.i one-chair. .. barber
: shop, j small + country . ¦ town, v Address BAR-
.; BER," box 2444, Call. :; ; ¦;¦¦;.-*';
v HELP WASTED— -MALE~-Con.
WANTED— Strong boy about 17. LEVT
STRAUSS & ¦¦ CO., : 36V» Fremont at.
BOY for general housework. Box 2443. Call
BOOTBLACK wanted. 105 Banaoma at
BOY to make himself useful about house.
Box 2443, Call. -
GOOD barber; steady job. Apply 723 Fourth
, St., San Rafael; tel.. Red 15. -
WANTEJD-Good steady barber; short hours.
412^4 Sansome st. . . ¦ - ¦ ¦
BARBER for evenings and Sunday: bootblack,
, steady. 947 Flllmore St., corner McAllister.
"WANTED— An errand boy. Apply HINK
JAENICKE & CO.. 29 Second st
BOT.to feed printing press. 806 California st
"WANTED— Cash boys, age 14 years and over.*
Apply at HALE BROS., No. 979-987 Market.
WANTED — Toung man to, learn cigar making;
4 to 6 weeks required; steady work and good
pay when learned; tuition $25. 247 Fifth st.
"WANTED— Trimming cutter on shoes. RO-
SENTHAL. FEDER & CO.. 13* Main st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. J. FRANKEL, 791
Mission st .- : -;.. i. _J
PAINTERS wanted. 783 Folsom st; call
early^ --¦¦-¦.
THREE house painters, ' stage hands, young
men. 7 Spear st
GOOD boy to learn paperbox trade. "Western
Paperbox Company. 30 Fremont st. .
DISHWASHER; must be flrst-class and quick.
Restaurant, 23 glrst Bt ¦
WANTED— A good night cook for restaurant:
male; apply after 0 a. m. 1550 Market st.
BOOTBLACK; wages $S per week. 1905 Flll-
more st.
WANTED— Boy In plumbing -shop. PLEVIN &
MORRICE. 813 Valencia et . ¦ ¦ ¦
COOP waiter wanted. 134 Third st. =- • ~'.-'
FOREMAN: also preeser on vests; this 'morn-
ing. H. HILP, 106 Battery st.
COATMAKER on custom coats. 827 Market st,
room 721.
WANTED— Gcod shoemaker or repairer; steady
S Job. 703 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG man to help In bakery; must have
some experience. • 911V» Larkin st - ; -¦
WANTED— Men as bedmaker and to assist in
dining-room. Apply -1302 Kentucky st.
FOR eale cheap— Two-chair shop, doing $33 per
week. 304 Sixth st. ¦
CENTRAL Hotel barber shop. San Rafael; 2
chairs; good business; must be sold by
Wednesday, JCO; sacrifice; cash or install-
ments, i Reply In person.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
haml shoes for sale; GOc up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
BARBERS— For sale, the Enterprise Hotel
barber shop: owner engaged in other busi-
ness. 2SU Sixteenth, near Folsom; a bargain.
"WANTED— Cash bftys . at RAPHAELS'". Inc.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $50 cash;
$30 month, board; no experience. 496 Fourth.
"WANTED— A good meat cutter; $33 a month
and found. Apply 331S Mission st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market st. first floor up. -
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard "at.
GET your shoes half-soled wnile waiting; 23c
to 50c. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach th«
trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. "We have no 6c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and .furniture,
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay st
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Epear st .:¦¦"•
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue - mailed
free. - S. F. Barber College.- 741A Howard at;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
.M7 Bixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
6. F. VETERINARY College" will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single. : also light
camping wagon, for gale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRl5f TED~*LIST P Houses to^letTsendlor xl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CEDAR ave., 55, off Larkin st, bet Geary
and Post— New house, 7 rooms, porcelain
bath, gas. grates, etc. : sun in every room.
Full particulars MADISON & BURKE. 626
Market st
NICELY* furnished house. 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
. able. 1625 Poat st.
. --------- j lost Ajrp F -9y?^P-'
LOST— Large- green purse, gold trimmings,
on Geary-st. car or corner of Geary and Lar-
kin sts., containing about $32. Liberal reward
if returned to 1020 Geary st. /
LOST— Gold Masonic watch charm; reward. A.
J. RAYMOND, 3227 Twenty-first st. -
LOST— Gold dagger stick pin ; Guerrero, 23J
sts. ; reward. Return 1226 Guerrero st.
"Wanted— Old gold- for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought' J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
' MATHJIMOXIAJL.
GENTLEMEN 1 wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send too for list MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
JWA'TjritKSSES^AXD EPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; teL South 792;
to order or renovated, " feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
. liable. HOPKE BRO3.. 313-320 Eleventh st .
. .MEDICAL. ' ~
A-RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladles only: my reg-
ulator has no equal: all classes of female
complaints relieved .by treatmeiu superior to
all others: the only treatment that helps the
unfortunate; the most obstinate cases are
Immediately relieved without pain; no other
treament win do this; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods, guaranteed.
PR O. W. O'DOXNELL. 1013 Market, op. 5th.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market.' the well-
known ladles' specialists; 22 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed.
at office; catlents treated can return same
day; those -wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
ME>jy; a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-
less*. any one can use It: stamp for circular.
DR. POPPER— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be hacl at my offlce: 'for all
female complaints; beware of imitations; can
be sent;- 37, years' experience. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DRi WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any 'ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st, bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market-Private home
• -.for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence; reliable. ¦ *
DR.' KOHL, ladies' specialist removed from 997
Market Bt to 942 Post, bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. D.- ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market st.
¦: i bet. \ Tavlor and Mason: ladles* specialist. v .-
MIXE9 AJiD MIXING. ~
ATTENTION miners and capitalists— The most
promising group of copper mines In Southern
Arizona, partially ; developed, can be bonded
for the next 30 days for $80,000; mines will
pay. their way if rom date. Address Owner,
.. Postofflce '¦ box 91. Oakland. Cal.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks in minea
and oil companies. Prof.' John - Tllton, rms.
475-476/ 4th floor, Pafrott bldg. ; 10-12 ; 1-3. „
MIS CELLAXECUS—FOR : S^ LE '_
BOILERS.-englnea, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1SS-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything: In 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 10W. 1021, 102> Mission st.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS,, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Rines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for barsalna.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
FOR sale cheap— One Ptoutty Job println-
press 6x10 chase; J10. II. S. WHITE," 61S
Mission st i
A— 15 AND 23 H. P. bollat: 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at Sl» California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. SS Bluxome.
FOR sale at a bargain; fine yacht 32 feet long
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
PORTABLE oven and a Hallwood cash resls-
ter cheap at 1057 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
flgures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
JERSEY cow; Al; 5 gallons. 2731 Golden Gat*
ave. '
FOR sale— Merry-go-round: good runnlnr order.
Address box 83. Oakland P. P.. general offlce.
KIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
BAKES— New and second-hand! THE l£ftK-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. )
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St. '
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 106-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pares, in wrapper, for tn all!n«\ $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON*S misfit parlors wants masquerade", la-
dlea', gent's clothing. 154. 9th; tel. Folsom Y.ZZ.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and. electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission st. near Main.
MONKY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; da
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no '
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first, '»
second mortgages, estates in probate, lntereat
in estatas. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 15. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY. amount at V%\ first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store-. 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal; no commlssln; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg*., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
%% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undt-
vlded lnta.: estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
. TOUSLEY CO.. 3a Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2. \
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
ylorser. 6. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
~~~ MONEY WANTED. ~~
WANTED— From private party, the loan of
$2500 on Improved real estate, near Golden
Gate Park: good seenrtty. Box 25S9. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person havlnsr use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a n.-w Steinway any tlmo
within three years from data- of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold foe $8 cash and
$6 per month. We effer to «1I some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $3 per month.- SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st, Oak-
land.
WE have a few real bargains to offer to-day:
some good squares at $75 and upward; a fine-
second-hand Decker & Son upright and any
( number of new Deckers, Packards, Smith. &
Barnes and Baumeisters at low prices. If
you want to pay cash we will accommodate
you, and If you prefer payments you'll find
us just as willing. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st. ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago 'Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and 'prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done 'ju please and satisfy th«
. customer.
A STORAGE auction piano sale; 21 fine pianos.
Just removed from storage room. -and. placed
on sale; offers wanted to force them out
.WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st
ONE hlgh-grado Bazelton and 2 Booth- Bro».
pianos, slightly damaged In transit hardly
noticeable, at great reductions. THE J.
DEWING CO.. 12 Flood building.- .----¦
60 UPRIGHTS, all makes. $75 up: rented and
rent allowed; Hallet Sc Davis agency. HELNK
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st -
A FEW new pianos fcr $130: second-
hand from $30. BENJ CURTAZ & SOJJ.
IS O'Farrell st. Checkering and Vose agency.
$75— FINE Hallet Davis; cost $600; for tale oa
$3 Installments. 1419 Post street.
SMALL upright piano 'for sale: in good condi-
tion. 158 Second st.. ' San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, $135 up:- rents"yind
easy payments. KLARS. _06 Flllmore s\
A BARGAIN; good upright piano; guaranteVd
for 6 years. Call 13 Bartlett at.
FINE standard upright piano, also parlor set;
sacrifice; leaving city. 321 Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL sale of planns this weekr Stetnway.
Knabe and others. BRUE>TN. 20S Post st.
BIGGEST ¦ bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others.- Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & do.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Sf-Hman pianos. 303 Post.
AT KEEFFES, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shontnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PALMISTRY.
mreT^V^L^RiE~ K FRANCA ISE— Just^ arrived
palmistry, readings. 847 Howard st
H. JEROME FOSSELU. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Pout: t»L Ptack $C1. N
OFFICES AND STOnES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement; 993
Valencia St.. near 21st; will make any\ neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior to suit
good tenant.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st ~
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
i Country correspondence solicited.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS. - '
WALL, paper, window shades; rooms papered $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered- from S3 up: city or country
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Red 3121.
m \PATJSX^S AXD PE.\SIQXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELU Lawyer. Examiner big!
PERSOXALS.
Stoddard-s Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sotd only by MRS. v
8TODDARD, main offlce 1137 Gear/ it nr
Franklin: 'phone East 233. Branch offlce l"ii
Market opp. Van Ness ave. RefeTence»--Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. c*i£. ££££_
AGATHA H. HORN-Important newi- «nd
address. G F. WHIT. 204 Ellis bC*Estate of Amelia V. ,R. Plxley (by j, F.*D.
Curtis : and Union sTrust ; Company, executors)
to Henry Ingram, lot ' on 8 w . corner * of • Union
and KHlmore streets. S 37:6 by W 93:9; $2800
Charles A. Cushlngr to Amelia H.Cushtntr, lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, 137:6 E of Btelner
Btreet, B68 by N;127:Sy 4 ; gift. •¦:¦¦¦ ¦-.¦..-.
Jane P. iSpotta - to same, lot on N line " of
PaciHc avenue, • 103:1*4 E of Stelner ¦ street. E
84:414 by N 137:6; $14,000. - .:. ..-.?¦. .-,,
, Amelia* H.'.; Cushing . (widow of; Charles A.)
end Minnie E^Fowle (single) to J. B. Levlson,
lot. on N line of Pacific avenue, 207-W. of Fill
more street,VW-68 byN 127:8>4; $21,500.
James and Freda IX Otis and Everett N. Bee
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— Tha State
Department/through Minister Loomis, re
cently lodged a most vigorous . protest * to
the Venezuelan Government -against fur
ther; interference with Mr. Baiz, • the
United States Consul agent at Barcelona,
Venezuela. It knows nothing of the last
reported infringement . of his liberty, but
it Is presumed the affair Is connected di
rectly Nwith - the troubles which led. to
the first protest. . ' f
¦ Ignatlo M. Baiz is not a citizen of tho
United, States, a fact that may add to tha
difficulty which our Government will ex
perience in protecting him, as it is deter
mined to show he was born in St. Thomas
and is a Danish citizen as far as Is knowr<
here, but having an exequatur issued by
the Venezuelan Government recognizing
film as a United : States consular agent,
the State Department, has decided that he
is entitled to the protection of the United
States Government. It appears that he is
engaged in business and became Involved
in trouble : with -the Venezuelan? military
by resisting an attempt to collect a forced
loan from him. More than a month ago
the State ' Department forwarded Its . in
structions to Minister Loomis to represent
to the Venezuelan Government. that these
annoying interferences with our officials
must cease, but so far no results have ap
peared. ¦ " . - - - : ¦ . " " • '
Babe Perishes in Fire.
WATSONVILLE, . March : 18.— Two chil
dren of Charles E. Bloom— a boy/of 4 and
a '-' elrl ".* of ¦* 2 years— got ¦ hold * of . f some
matches this ' morningr and started a \ fire
in : their, father's barn. The building was
destroyed and the baby .girl perished in
the II ii mi ii I'afflWMn^HfliiiiVH <ii|.|M||iij'>sn)w||
VENEZUELA'S CONDUCT
ANNOYS TJlTOIiB SAM
A A W Bley. Pasadena C D Galoln, Redding
E XV Gilmore, Los An O A Kltan, Portland
H P "Wlnnes & w, H K McLennan. Bacto
Reedley O E Nutt, San Diego
Mrs Barrett, Antloch W Turner & w, Los
Mrs Durey, Antioch Angeles
J E Clinton, Bkersfld; Mr Barkworth w, & d.
"W H Sawyer, Eureka Michigan
F H Gllman, Minn O W Towle. Towle
"VV C Barrett & w. Ok R P Dlnnlgan, Kei-
M Goodwin, USA . wick*
FA Grimes, Knights W Dunn, w & a. Me.
Landing Dr Tebbetts, Holllster
J A Patten, w & c, K J Johnson. Monterey
Tenn R F Blmands, Nevada
Mrs J L Athe Ac, City
Tenn H C Mitchell. Nwostle
E D Crawford, Gllroy F B Fancher, Sacto
R L James, Pac Grove A A Van Voorhiea,
M Biggs Jr. Oroville Sacramento
L P Larson & w, W S Mellck. Pasadena
Rio Vista ¦ Dr Burkhalter, Bak-
W Sergeant, Modeso ersfiehl
H G Turner, Modesto Mrs Eastwood, Nwcstl
A G Conklin, Ohio J H Potter, Faloma,
B Barnar, London Mrs Calthorpe, B C
D J Mlllett. Tenn Miss Tripp, B C
A A Eckstrom, Los An P Musto, Stockton
E E Crandall, Los An A Musto, Stockton
J E WhlBsen, Los An C L Seavey, Pasadna
J Frank, Spokane B Wanner, Europe
W McQuIgg, Los An L R Faucher Chicago
G L Seeley & w. Oak A M Allen, Chicago
Harbor A Anderson, Sulsun
Mrs Spltzer, Oak Hrbr H Brown, Napa
S M Rohr, Santa Rsa H P Goodman. Napa
C A Adon & w, 1 Sacto L Du Pont Syle. Bkly
J May, Denver Mrs Jone, Stert
E Nolan, Chicago " .
PALACE HOTEL.
E M Hurley, Chicago Miss Reihold, Ohio
C E Babcock & w.\Vi» G M Walker A w.Colo
C XV Well & w. Mis G H Maxson & w. Mo
Mrs D R Anthony.Kan Mlsn Maxson. St Louis
R V Ellis. Hanford G E McDowell, B C
H C Perry, ¦ Boston ' G Hoothoff Jr. L Ang
W A Backhouse, Eng C P Morgan & w.Cai
J Cross & w, L Ang H B Wood & w. S Jose
A Perry, London - -- S Tokio. Bodle
Mr Butler, London * T Flint Jr, San Juan
G I. Edwards & w, Mrs E G Eisenberg.Pa
Australia , Mins H Voeittly, Pa
Hiss Coleman, Aus J J Voegrtly, Pa
C Roae. Australia Mrs W C Daniels, Pa
Gen Sir Stanley, Aus Miss M G Marsh. Pa'.
Lady • Clark Stanley, D Flounce. Honolulu
Australia ¦ - F Davis & w. Iowa
G Hardy & w, Aus J A Chanslor. L An?
F H Bathurst. Aus A P Castle, Honolulu
N-H-Voeatly.-Pa D M Collins. Maas
J B Glldersleve. Stanf J A Cole & f . Maas -
E M Neufeld. NY J J Dearborn, w ft f.
CH Carter. Boston New York
0 A. Pool, Yokohama R Canham, N T * i
H • J 'Louis, New York H Abraham. N Y
W.E Craig. New York A L Bell, Ireland'
H H Devine. St Paul Mrs S D Mercer. Nebr
W T - Hays & w, Seatl Miss Mercer, Omaha
J E Davis & w, Butte G Mercer, Omaha
T Holland, Phila A West & w, Wls
G A Know. Salt Lake D Smiley, New York
J M Alvarez. MaJeza - Miss Agnew, Canada
R Battle, Barcelona P B Fraaer. Stockton
P Kempf, Narva D S-Roaenbaum. Stktn
C Wentzel. Germany Mra G E Hartnell.OWo
L Plate, Germany Miss A Bates. Ill
F H Buck. Vacavllle C H CTNelU JtvWla
Miss Blodgett. N T -" H M O'Neill. Wla
P A Clark. Butte O J Smith & w. Reno
A Bchwartchlld, Chgo Mrs W B Griffin, Rena
Mrs Schwartchlld.Chg Miss A G Bates, 111
W A Dutton & w, Mrs G £3 Hartnell.Ohio
Washington .. ¦ . B A Slnglehunt, NY
E D Mooers, L Ang . EG Scudder tk w. Mo
F Rclhold. Ohio -..-¦..
GRAND HOTEL.
' - NEW WESTERN HOTELl
N Barker, Manila E J Partridge, Portland
B Shontel, Manila Mrs J L Sherman, 111
A D John & fam. O T Miss B Fox, Chicago
John O Burger, Wls : John McComb, N Y
O Domick, B C Wm Clift, N Y
Miss Domick, B C Geo Butler. Chicagro
F Mai-kley, Melmao F D Pazneth, Mich
Jos Peynasae, "Wla C D Talklngton, Lay-
J Corcoran, Cincinnati tonville
E M Pottle, NY J A Moss, Lebanon
E II Compton, NO O Bproul, Mexico
E Lamb, St Louis " c
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Scared Away by the Noise of the Ex
plosion They Cause.
PRESCQTT, Ariz.. March 18.— The gen
eral merchandise store of J. I. Gardiner
•was entered by burglars at 2 o'clock this
morning. After robbing the cash register
of $25 they turned their attention to the.
safe. One of the rivets of the door was
drilled out and. a charge of dynamite ex
ploded In the hole. The door was sprung
by the explosion sufficiently to allow of
the Introduction of a crowbar and with
this the door was pried open further ariu
another charge of dynamite inserted
hind it -and exploded. The door was com
pletely demolished, but the noise was so
great that the thieves were frightened
and decamped without attempting to se
cure the contents of the safe.
to Make Appearance.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., March 18.— After
a long hearing in the Probate Court, Judge
Nobbs to-night denied the application of
Edward Percival and Edward L. Norton
for appointment as administrators of the
estate of the late millionaire, George P.
Gllman. Mrs. Helen Hall made no appear
ance to-day, either In person or by coun
sel.
As yet the mystery surrounding the card
which Mrs. Helen Hall Is to play in the
game, which has as its stake the property
of the millionaire tea merchant. Is unre
vealed. Mrs. Hall was again asked to-day
as to her position and the nature of her
claim, but she declined to say a wor-1.
There was a rumor, however, that she had
a deed to the mansion in Black Rock and
other property. The rumor Is said to have
originated with Miss Susie Kupfer, a
young violinist, whom Mr. Gllman sent
to Europe to perfect her education in
music, but both Miss Kupfer and her
mother denied the authorship of the story.
BUHGLAES WBECZ A SAFE.
Judge Declines to Appoint Adminis
trators and Mrs. Helen Hall Fails
APPLICATIONS DENIED
IN THE OILMAN CASE
EL PASO. Tex.. March IS.— Ten years
ago pretty little six-year-old Anna Stev
ens of this city disappeared -vrlth a man
and woman who were supposed to have
stolen her. They were a childless couple
and took the little one because they had
become attached to her while she tempo
rarily resided with them. All efforts of,
the police to locate the missing child
proved futile, and the incident went on
record as an unsolved mystery. The
mother, a widow, lost hope of ever seeing
her child again. She remarried and re-,
moved to the interior of Old Mexico.
To-day the mystery was cleared up
when a dispatch came stating* that the
missing child had been discovered at Dan
ville, 111., In the person of a beautiful
girl of 16, who was accompanied by an
actress who claimed to be her guardian.
The authorities Interfered and the girl is
on her way to El Paso.
Meantime the kidnaped girl's sister
had a similar experience. She married,
and her babe was given to a nurse. The
young mother separated from her hus
band and sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus to recover the child. The Judge gave
it to her and sent the Sheriff, who seized
the infant, brought it into court and de
livered lt to the mother. The mother of
the kidnaped girl married "Jim" Kuch,
who was badly wounded while robbing a
train. He died in prison.
Mystery of the Girl's Disappearance
Is Cleared Up After a Search
T>x tending Over Ten
Years.
¦ a
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
Anna Stevens, Long Missing
From El Paso, Located
in Illinois.,
POLICE FIND
KIDNAPED CHILD
William and Ada C. Mears (owners) with
Frank Lindsay (contractor), plans by owners-
All work except mantels, shades and gas fix
tures for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on W line of Webster strfcet,
59:6 N of Waller, N 2« by W 100; $3938. &i
Alvinza Hayward (owner) with Fireproof
Door Company (corporation) of Minnesota (con
tractor), architect Henry H. Meyers— Interior
finish, doors, transoms, casings, base, picture
moldings, chair-rail, etc., for an eleven-story
and basement fireproof building on NE corner
of California and Montgomery streets, N 93 by
13 87:6; 135,318 25.
Same owner with Phllpott & Armstrong, Inc.
(contractors), architect same — Hardware, locks,
tutts, checks, letter hole plates, sash locks,
hfts, lead and iron weights, sash. chains etc,,
for same on same; $6075 60.
William W. Young (owner) with A. C. Hus
sey (contractor), architect Hermann Barth—
Erlck, mill and carpenter work, etc., for al
terations and an additional story to a three
story brick building on SW corner of Grant
avenue and Tlllman alley. S 25 by W 70; $7780.
Henry EV Bothln (owner) with W. A. toew
som and Stephen McNeil (contractors), archi
tect Henry H. Meyers— All work except con
crete and brick work and plumbing for a three
si ory building on N line of Tehama street,
119:6 W of First, W 60:6 by N 80; $M47.
Same owner with same contractors, architect
Fame— Same work for a two-story frame build
ing on N line of Natoma street, 190 W, of
First, W 46:6 by N 75; $2217.
Mrs. Frances L. Makepeace (owner) with W.
O. Peterson (contractor), architect Albert But
ton—All work except plumbing,' gasfitting, sew
ering, gas fixtures and mantels for a three
story frame building (flats) : on N line of Fell
ftreet, 206:3 W of Fillmore, W 23 by N 137:6;
$7375.
Robert C. and Kittle A. Poppenberg (own
ers) with S. B. Kress (contractor), architect
. All work except painting, mantels, tiling.
shades and gas fixtures for a#two-story frame
building on N line of L street, 107:6 W of
Ninth avenue, W 25 by N 100; $1960.
Builders' Contracts.
Ellen Powell to James N. Powell, lot on SE
line of Minna street. 200 NE of Ninth, NE 25
by SE 80; also lot on SB line of Minna street,
225 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by SE 80; also lot on
S line of Oak street, 37:6 W of Shrader. W 23
by S 100: $10.
Edgar D. - Pelxotto to John Barduhn, lot S3,
block 22. Lakevlew; $500. ¦
Anna Leeasse to Peter and Josephine Le
gasse, original EO-vara lots 242, 243. 344 and 245
and subdivision of lots 3 and IS fronting' 25
feet on San Bruno road by 132 feet in depth to
Adam street, Preclta Valley Lands; gift.
Demlng- Palmer Milling Company to same,
lot on NE line of Sixth street. 122 NW of Bran
nan, NW 18 by NE 120: $2250.
Joseph G.. Mary A.. William H. and Florence
A. Demlng to Harvey C. Somers, lot on NE
line of Sixth street, 140 NW of Brannan. NW
42 by NE 120: $5500.
to Matthew H. and Lucy M. O. McAllister, lot
on N line of Jackson street. 250 W of Fillmore,
W 25 by N 127:8*4: *SC0O.
John H. Meredith to Margaret ¦ Tauf enbach.
lot on S line of Washington street, 188 W of
Fillmore, \V 28:3 by S 127:8%: $500. ¦ ,,
Mary Farrell (widow) to James W. Farrell
(son), lot on N line of Oak 'street, 127 ;6 W of
Fillmore, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.- .
Harry , W. Goodall to Augusta Larsen (wife
of Lars C.),. lot on 8 line of McAllister street,
155 W of Stelner. W 23 by S 137:8; $3000.
Charles J. Anderson to William H. Daly, lot
on -W line of Ashbury Btreet, 159:9 S of Waller,
S 67:6 by* W 186 :3;. $15,000. •
John and Luna Stlerlen to J. F. Llttlefleld,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 823 S of Fred
erick, S 25 by E 101:3: $5000.
Adeline E. Munns to Mary S. Munn*. lot on
S line of Cumberland street," 103 W of Guerrero,
W 50 by S 114; gift.
Enterprise Brewing Company (corporation) to
Richard T. Kessler, lot on S line of Twenty
eighth street, 228:8 B of Dolores, B 25:8 by. S
114; $500. . '
Richard T. and Emma Kessler to Henry M.
Wreden, same; $1COO.
William Wolfsohn to Amelia Danenfelzer. lot
on N ' line of Twenty-fourth street, • 175 E of
Vlcksburg, N 114 by E 25: $125./
Annie E. Donovan to Frederick J. Lewzey,
lot on N line of Greenwich street. 82:6 B of
Powell, E 45 by N 93:6; J3500.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mary
Renahan. lot on SE line of Folsom street, ZOO
NE of Fifth. NE 25 by SE 90; $2203.
Lottie Rose (Graham) and Dantel Rose and
Phoebe Graham to Charles L. Tllden, lot on
SE line of Perry street, 400 SW of Fourth, SW
25 by SE £0; $2000. ' • ¦
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 1 MARCH 19j 1901.
11
BOBN.
HAUER— In Vallejo. March 14, 1901. . to - the
wife of C. O. Holz Hauer, a son.
KARSTADT— In this city. March 14. 1901. to
the wife of George E. Kar&tadt, a daughter.
KELLY— In Hay wards, Cal., February M. 1901.
to the wife of 'William H. Kelly, a daughter.
LONGFELLOW— In this city. March 14, 1901.
• to the wife of B. J. Longfellow, a daughter.
STEPHENS— In Oakland, March 16. 1901. to
the wife of the Rev. 6. R. Stephens, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
(Successor to Flannagan tt Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FTSERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER9.
(0 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
FnEITVALE FLRMSHED .HOEjSESLj
yirRXIEHED house to let In Frultvale. In-
Auire at <33 Sacramento st.
OAKLAND PERSITERE FOn S ALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MARCH 1L 1M1— I have this day sold my. In-
terest in the undertaking business of CHAS.
J. B. METZLER to H. METZLER, and am
not responsible- for any outstanding debts
CHAS. Z* METZLER.
TCVWHOM IT MAY CONCERN^
The undertaking business of the late CHAS
J. B. METZLER will . hereafter be conducted
under the same firm name of CHAS. J. b.
METZLER. at 636. Washington St., San Fran-
dsco. by H. METZLER, proprietor. .
- Ean Francisco, - Cal., March 11. 1901.
J.-ICELT furnished rooms; rood board; 2 In
roo:n: |4 to pa*, list Jefferson et.
OAKLAND ItOOMS AM) BOARD.
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
St.. -bet. Taylor and Jones. - Tel. South ¦ 676.
REMEMBER 214 Eddy.st. is on the rlght-
hand Bide of the street going from Market.
jnmES mcciNN
OAICL.VM) FLATS TO LET.
ATJOCT comp!eted-«-room flats, entirely mod-
em; a blocks from railroad station in choice
r<H>ni»rire section. fM to IJ< CO per month.
HKPON ft HOLOOMB. 1060 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for S c*nt»— The Weekly Call,
It n»«r*«. in wrapper, for mailing. U per year.
UNITED. UNDERTAKERS,
tT and St Kfth ft Tel South, ttr.
IUNEBAL DIHE0T0E5 AMD EMBALMED.
Finest Equipment' at Moderate ' Rates.'
LOT S In plat G. Piedmont Park, a* a whole
or in part to «uit- ALFRED J. KELLEHER.
S324 Clay rt.. 8. F.
FOR SALE— House and lot, Eaet Oakland; no
rmroTiable oSt refused. Owner, J. L. WAL-
TER. c?» South Erring rt.. Los Angeles.
J6C00— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: * room* nnd bath; modern: lot 50x125.
A. J. fiNYDKP, 4C7 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
F"OR «a!e !n Oak'.and— Business corner "ZxiZ;
8 acrec. old house and barn, in suburbs. (4600;
cottage S room*; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 1223 Broadway, opposite Sixteenth.
ITS— LOT 1n Lcrin; 200 IL from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hcur service to
Pan I r r»r.clBeo rarne time to city as from 7th
and Broadway, Oakland: this lot must be
eold. A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth et.. Oakland.
EDDT. 473 — Two sunny rooms; well furnished;
$3 and $7 month.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, ennny unfurnished
rooms to let. - - - .-•---
GOLDEN GATE. 1050— Two well furnished
rooms; eingle or connecting; private family;
free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — 'Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE, 863, near Emporium— Furnished front
room, $$.
JESSIE, C37 — Sunny furnished room In private
family; gentlemen preferred.
JONES, 511— Newly furnished sunny rooms for
cents only.
MARKET. 1065. opp. Jones — Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double; bath.
MINNA, €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O 1 FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., ma
O' FARRELL. 681— Nicely furnished room for 1
or 2 persons.
POSTjfclS-Elerant rooms, t.2 10 to IS a week;
gentMrien preferred.
ROTAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 BO; week, $2 to
$3; month. 1? to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
IIOPEDALE House. 219-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SEVENTH. 249— Sunny furnished rooms; quiet,
private family; rent very reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny— Elegant eultes;
single rooms; running water: transient.
VAN NESS. 1G12 — Elegant sunny alcove, newly
furnished, with- connecting dressing room;
elM large eunny room; gentlemen.
: .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CS6
Valencia «t.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. (
AT tha old Eteronson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st, may
/ be found a mest exceptionally good tabl*. at-
tmctlx-e and sightly rooms at modest rates.
nOOMS WAXTED. '
TOUNO woman wants furnished room with
nice family: not farther out than Twelfth
it.; reasonable. Box 2445, Call office..
GENTLEMAN desires sunny furnished room
with private family; et&te price. Box 2443,
Call office.
SPECIAL JfOTICEsI
LADIES-Chlchester English Pennyroyal PH1»
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4o stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel., i»a.
TO MILKMEN— A prominent milk ranch In
Alameda County desires to contract for the
delivery of 1M to 200 gallons per day. Apply
to ALBERT E. CRANE. 50$ California St.. 1
to 4 p. m. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. SS&O.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United State* or Canada one year for fl.
r«opt»ge T>*1d. '
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. «old and repairing gutran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. ISth.
ALL kir.ds bought, sold, rented, exchanred, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT. «old. rented, repaired: n^fdl»s and
shuttle*: reduced rates. 145 Cth: phone Mint E.
SHOW CAH.PS AXD POSTERS.
SHOW card*, window tickets, posters. DEH-
MONT> 117ft Market, r. 103. rhnne Fnlsnm Mf*
STORAGE AXn WAREHOUSES.
PIERCC-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Pest and Powell rt$.i tel.tMaln 5*13.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllznore St.: phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Wan-houre. MO Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINR Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
?el. M«ln l«40: shipping at cut rates.
MANUFA'R: elastic stocking*. Bhoulder bracts.
«uas*r-*«rs made, repaired. Mfn^-e, K5 Ecjxcf.
1400 CASH. $7 CO monthly till paid for; prii* all
told tlOQO; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; Urge
tarn; chicken houie and run; fruit trees and
•hrubbery; a nice, cozy home In the right
epot. beinc healthful: t One lota. 150 feet deep;
picket fence; city water and aewer; near a
model schooibcusa and electric cars; nice
relghborbjiod ; Randy loara roll; view some-
thing ctle6: away from cold winds and fog;
adjoining Hast Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular for cheap lots or acreage. <ZZ Seventh
rt., Oakland. Broadway ctatlon; carriage free.
II. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
REALTT TO CVCHAXCR.
XS exchange for F>. F. property, a lovely home
In beautiful Berkeley, near the Mils; house
of 9 rooms; in thoiougb order: lot 1L0x145.
Apply to JOS. J. MASOX. Real Estate, ad-
i' ir.:r«r Portofflee, Berkeley^
A WEEK'S r.ews for S cents— The Weekly Call.
3« nagMi. In wrapper, for rr»'l!Ti«r. $1 per year.
TTRITE 3. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaiuma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
AT 130 per acre; choicest level orchard and
grain land Jn State: a-Ijolns R.R.; easy terms.
Cal. Farm Land Asm.. €1« Examiner bldg.
MINNIE F. DOBBIN, Secretary.
BURLING— In this city, March 18. 1901. of
pneumonia, Frederick, beloved son of Leon-
Ide H. and the late William Burling! a na-
tive of Philadelphia.
BANAHAN— In this city. March 17. 190L Alice
Banahan, beloved sister of Patrick ¦ and
Henry Banahan and Mrs. William Hammonl
of Alameda, a native of County Leltrim, Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Perry Etreet, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her aoul, at I
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURR— In this city, March 18. 1901, S. - Bur-
JCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from the residence of her
mother, 104 Guerrero street, near Thirteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
reciulem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Bans Souci Parlor No. 96. N. D.
G. W. : Tou are notified to attend the fu-
neral of Sister Susie Bucklln to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residency, Mi Guerrero street, near Thir-
teenth. By order
EMMA WESSLINO. President
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
.- (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. *25 Harrison street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BUCKLIN— In this city, MarcH 11, 190L Susie,
beloved wife of Frank M. Bucklln, mother
of Vernon and Laura Bucklin. .daughter ot
Annie and the late O. J. Burke, and sister
of Mrs. C. . E. Thompson, Mrs. Eva Russell.
Mrs. William Hanlon and Mrs. I. Isaacs and
Ous E.. Joseph F. and M. L. Burke, a na-
tive of Stockton. Cal., aged at years 9
(E7"FrIend3 of the family are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
4320 Nineteenth street, between Diamond and
Eureka. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Pleape omit flowers..
BARTRAM— In this city. March IS, 1901, Caro-
line Bartram, beloved wlfa of Henry A.
Bartram. a native of Randes, Denmark, aged
33 years and 2 months.
BRABANT— In this city, March 18. 1901. Con-
Etance May, wife of Joseph E. Brabant, • a
native of North Carolina,' aged 89 years and
6 months.
AVERT— In this city, March 17, 190L James
Oliver Avery, dearly beloved husband of Mol-
lle Coppage Avery, beloved father of Louise
and Eunice Avery, and brother of Sarah A.
Eckman, a native of New York City, aged
41 years and 6 months.
DIED.
Avery, James O. Howkins, Arthur W.
Banahan, Alice Jacoby, Eva
Bartram, Caroline Kuehne. Dorothea
Brabant, Constance Landson, Ellen
Bucklln. Susie McAlpin. Jennie E. -
Burling, Frederick Macdonald. Theresa
Burr, 8. Burchard Mlerson, Emma
Carlson. Carl Miller, Henry R.
Cottrell. Mrs. Mary Pohl, Anna
Donavon, Daniel J. Bchneider. August J.
Gengirlch. William Etenzel. Amelia
Gibson, George E. Terry, George XV.
Glady, Andrew Tobln, Vincent C.
Green, Christopher Thomas, William J.
Hauer. Sophia Wagner, Leland S.
Herlitr, Emily M. Well. Lehman
MODERN' house; J rooms, near Park; 2 car
lines; bargain; part ca£h; no agents. Owner,
box 24CS, Call.
SJODERX cottages and flats built: reasonable:
plans furnished. GEORGE M- SALSBfRY.
builder; crf.ee 1SS3 Market rt.
IF you have lota to sell north cf the Park.
then <-«.!! on W. J. OTJTfX. E30 California st.
DEAL L.STATE — COUXTUY — For Sale
KOn sale In Contra Costa County — 86 acres:
an attractive country borne, highly Improved
and productive, with many natural advan-
tages; cuperior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house, 6 rooms and bath;
email house for workmen and two floe barns;
out buildings: there are 4S0O fruit trees of
following varieties: Almocd. cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
ciissiona, plums, apples, oltve and fig; trees
eight years old and In full bearing; abund-
ance of shade trees.
There are s«\-eral natural spring*, also w;II
and tank of !'..<»"• gallons, which - supplies
fcouse and grounds; also a live creek. It is
fltuated rot far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms, $i000 cash payment, balance
can reraaln on mortgage for 3 years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good clt/
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery Et.. city.
jLTi exceptionally charming, highly Improved
aird fully equipped SO-aere foothill ranch, 6
tr.ilrti by level road from Napa: only flS&O. N.
D. EICKELS— the— LAND AGENT. « Geary.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market Kt.. by Call bldg.
Printed li*ts: city and country property
.for rale and exchange. Please call.
CHICKEN ranch fcr eale; fully equipped; city
outskirts; rood place for hogs; place fcr sale
or rent. C. WILMOT. Columbian bulldine.
MINNA, 1C27— Furnished housekeeping and sin-
gle rooms, bath. gas. private family.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence,
lean Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
riIYMCIA!WS AXD SL'RGEOXS.
NOE, 153— 3 connecting rooms in modern lower
flat; large kitchen, range, sink, yard; $16.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treat* all diseases cf the human body: see
testimonials at offlc*. 115-117 Mtmn. rr. Ellis.
OAK. 31—1 short block from Market: front
sunny room; running water; coal stove and
gas.
UKAI. KSTATfi CITY — KOIl SALE.
OAK. 119—2 sunny front rooms furnished for
housekeeping. stove, large closet, storage; $12.
OAK. 119 — Sunny front room for single person,
furnished for light housekeeping, $5.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room, $S; large eunny room and kitchen com-
plete for $12.
EIXTH. 541— Sunny front and back psrlor for
housekeeping. 510: dngle room with stove, $¦">.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 2 or S
Eunny bay-window rooms; neat and clean.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fiubscriptiens has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROO31S TO LIST Farn. nnd 1'nfnrn.
ARGTLE. The— Ready for occupancy; Just
what you have been waiting for; most ele-
gantly furnished rooming-house in the city;
parties with references invited to Inspect; all
the latest Improvements. McAllister St..
corner Lark'.n; rooms shown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
• finest in city, eee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 12 Kearny st.. tel. 2234 Red.
AHLBORN HCTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Beg* dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences
rooms We up; first class meals 25c; free coach.
TVTAKBIAGE LICENSES.
Th<* following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Walter L. Miller, 22, 14 Decatur street, and
Stella P. Hegler, 18, Santa Rcsa,
Charles L. Smith. CS, 1623 Bush street, and
Frieda Mersfeldt. 24, SL Louis. Mo.
Jakob Boltshauser, 30. 14 Hayes street, and
Amanda Svenson. 21. 1020 Pine street. -
Henry M. Kolb, 29. city, and Anna Bydalek,
24, City.
Albert C. Dodge, 25. 1003 Sutter street, and
Grace A. Relchman, 20. California Hotel.
Rufus D. Johnson, 41. Seattle, and Cora D.
Mack, 21. Cincinnati. Ohio.
Howard Carroll, 25. 911 Howard street, and
May Kelly. 23, 245 Fourth street
Walter I. Sunburnt. 35, 844 Folsom street,
and Annie Hippa. 25, 11 Madison avenue.
Ole Berg. 34. 320 Drumm street, and Sophie
Aaegaard. 27, 1200 Franklin street.
Joel Anderson, 30, 943 Hampshire Btreet, and
Serena Wilson. 19. 409 Fifth street.
Mendel Rosensteln. 34. 119 Third street, and
Esther Crown. 24. 103S Folsom street.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
-Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
$2lu»— Four Email flats; all rented for $35; half
Cash.
$23iO— Two ep!er.did Cats; rented $23; near
EUth.
CfcOO — Sacramento rt., east of Powell; rents
1*5 net; one tenant 12 years.
$2250— Two nice flats, I rootrs each; half-
fclock from Market «t.
S3T>ra— Thre* nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission Ets.; pays 10 per cent.
$5cOO— Corner; 40x90, with good 10- room house;
terde rt.
$7500— Larkin st. flats, near Suiter; annual
rent $700
$7100— Four brand new flats, east of Van Nees
ave.; all msted $72. '
$5^00— Hufin<»ss»property; Ninth et.. near Mis-
sion; rcr.ts i<.=>.\l
til, 000 — Mason-rt. corner: reduced from $14,-
BOC; lot 82xS2 Twt. ar»3 improvements; must sell.
$11. 00©— Store and two strictly modern flats cf
t and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
$12,600— Lcavecworth ft.; rents $105; lot 65-
foot front.
»14.000— Three elegant flats; rented for $140;
twe'.l lorallty.
KS,O00— Near Howard and Third sts.; rents
fIM>; bsr.k rrortcag'* 110.000; lot 4SX160.
CS.C0O— Buflnes? property of 4 stores and 8
Csrs. rents tt'jO; let 7Dx90 feet.
$35.000— Mis*ion-st. corner; I70xlC0; actually
irorth $35.0<jO; must e*ll at ence.
JlO.OOC»— Comer; Golden Gate ave.; 127:6x137:6:
rents 1*40.
J"..'" — Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks Orpheuin; pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Orand corner; 60-foot front: within
block of Tivoll ; old Improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
2Sc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
til— HOUSE cf 7 rocins and bath. 1166 Fif-
teenth Et., 2 blocks from Twenty-thlrd-ave.
Ftation. East Oakland.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rras., suites, single; also unfurnished.
fliOO— LOT; west line of Seventh ave., between
Clement st. and Point Lobes ave.; 274x120
feet Address box 2C0S. Call office.
BUSH, 103S — Neatly furnished sunny rooms;
rent reessnable.
BUSH, 1084, near Leavenworth— Sunny bachelor
apartments to rent In bachelors' home.
FOR the best located lota In Richmond and the
cheapest can on IV. J. Gunn. £.30 California.
MARTHA Place, No. », off Geary, near Ma-
son—Three sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms for rent reasonable.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,897. Dept. 10.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Compary. a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San" Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
paid court. Department No. 10. in the • City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day. time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. WOL
rSeal] WM. A. DEANE, Cierk.
By E. il. THOMPSON. Decntv Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 190L WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
LEAVENWORTH, 222— One large front sunny
room for housekeeping, $12.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
X)R. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint.' the best
¦ corn cure: JSc; all druggists.
Egyptian Henna: restores gray
frair to lt» natural c<.!or: »1: at all drurrlets.
LAGUNA. IfOS. near Union— 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms to 2; no children; $12.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mcle» destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. .1119 Sutter st
HOWARD. 1703 — Nice sunny bay-window room;
also single one for Housekeeping.
OOD home open for lieHlthy boy or girl baby.
Mr*. Dr. Funke. 141* Eighth St. Alameda.
HOWARD. S27A— Housekeeping: suits, front
and back. $2 per week.
OiARQUERADn costume, play books, wigs
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
EDDY, 9ZS — Large newly papered rooms; reg-
ular kitchen; private residence; no children.
EPRINO «ylea Standard patterns now r«ady
¦ ••Pomfrtlc" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Bixlh
BCHOOL to learn hairdrosslng. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V
DOTI.E. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EARTLETT. 414—3 sunny connecting: unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; sink and hath.
$600— FINE corner lot on Grove st., near new
hlxh school; a snap.
J5S0— A bargain for cash; lot 40xllS; on
Ehattuck ave.. near depot
$11.600— For the finest finished house In
town. Come and see us. MAY & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley Station.
tllTE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
ELECTRIC licht Ja every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms:
*5c to Si M per nljht; SI CO to ii per week;
tree *bu« and bagga>f to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY; suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine diess suits. $10 t?p; ele-
rant overcoatF. $:5 i.p. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Marketet.. between fceventh and Eighth.
FINE ruits. $10; dre^s pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4J7 Montgomery at
$1300— $100 CASH, balance $15 per month; place
will rent for this Installment; 5 large rooms
and bath; all sewered; on sunny side of
etreet; 2 blocks to cars. See some of the
new cottages I am building and sell to you
came aa you are paying rent W. C. MORAN.
Lorin. Berkeley.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 7S. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, £» Kearny st.. near Pine.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Mcntcomery st.
room SI; phone Bush 2S3; charges reasonable.
$1500—1 ACRE of land and 5-room cottage In
heart of town; fine place to raise chickens,
bank will loan J1209 on this place; must be
sold at once. XV. C. MORAN, Lorin Station,
Berkeley.
PROPOSALS for box lockers.— Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 26 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be recelvel at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. March 20. 1901.
Pact He Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing box lockers. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and qual-
ity being; equal (Including in the price
of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blank* for
proposals will be furninhed on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will b» in-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1945" and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS fpr subsistence supplies.— Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.;
March 7, 1901. — Sealed nropoeals for furnishing
and deliverine.of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, deHvered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Francisco,
Cal., as per circular to be seen at this office,
will be received here until 11 o '•lock a. m.,
TUESDAY, March 13, 1901. and opened imme-
diately thereafter in presence of bidders. Spe-
cifications, general instructions to bidders and
blank form of proposals will be furnished to
established dealers on application to XV. H.
BALDWIN, Major and C. 8., U. 8. Army,
Purchasing Commissary.
PROPOSALS.
$MO0— J100"DOWN, balance £0 per month; new
S-room cottage, porcelain bath, tiled sink,
fine mantel, stationary tubs; 1 block to train
and electric care; lot 42x120. W. C. MOHAN,
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years fxprrlence. J. B. RAT. S57 Jessie «.
ANNOUNCKMENT-The Bargain Millinery
will have her opening days on Tues.. Wed. &
Thur*.. the 19th. 20th & 21st inrt.. when we
will rhow the finest French pastern hats &
flower*, tuch aa. never were displayed In San
Francisco before! L&dies are respectfully In-
li te \,, Bar « 1vln Millinery. 130 6th ft.,
bet. Mission and Howard.
rAN"TED- Address of NELLIE WATtD. hcu*c-
mald. Bos 2447. C&ll office.
iOKELEl' ADVERTISEMENTS
james Mcelroy,
MAJORS. Mr*. McEiroy's friend, answer
Immediately to --0 Francisco et.
ALA.HEDA REAL ESTATE.
f42S— COTTAGE 3 rooms: lot SOxTO; $100 cash:
cottage 6 rooms and bath. J1S00; lot 40x150;
*300 cash. J. H. YOUNG, builder. Hit Park.
DIVIDE\D NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office or the company, 327 Market st, on and
arter WEDNESDAY. March 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books close en Thursday, • March 14. 1901,
at S o'clock p. m. *
G. H. ' SHELDON. Secretary.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, caJI
en DR. G. S. MOOKE. 4?S Geary i=t.. and you
will net be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively cuarann^d; call or send for circular.
TYPEAVHITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER*— We
fell better mcahines for less money than any
MVtt in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
F.xchange. 136 California: telephone Main 268.
PERSONALS— Contlaned.
. IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking ' Company, 405
Powell street, : near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.'. - - v- _/ \>
WEIL— In this city, : March 17, 190L L«hman
¦ Well, beloved husband of Sarah • Well, and
¦ father of Mrs. J. C. Artery, i Mark Weil I and
Mrs. C. Solomon, Mrs. L. Hexter, j Mrs. ¦ Her-
: mann Eberfiard . and Mrs. A. H. Sewell. a
native of Glrmany, aged 73 years 11 months
and. 20 days. (Virginia ; City papers please
'.. copy.) •'¦- . ',;• .
C^The -funeral services - will take ¦ place
to-morrow ; (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 245 Pierce . street. Interment
private at Home of Peace Cemetery. . *
tt^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),- at 9 o'clock, from St. - Patrick's
Church, where services will be held. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city, March 17, 1901, L«land
S. Wagner, beloved > son of Dora O. Elliott,
and brother -of Alexander Wagner, a native
of . San Francisco, aged ¦ 20 years and 8
'months. ' ¦ ¦ ' • ¦¦••-. ,' - -„ ¦¦•
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2104 • Mason street. Please omit flow-
ers.
TOEIN— In this city, March 17, 1901, Vincent
C, son of J. J. and tha Iat» Elizabeth M.
Tobin. and brother of Walter J. and the late
' Henry A. Tobin. >¦¦-¦¦;, •
- CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:!0 o'clock, from the residence
of his Bister. 'Mrs. J. O. Lelbert, 1118V4 Fell
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
THOMAS— In this city, March 15. 1901, ¦- Wil-
liam James, dearly beloved husband of Ma-
mie E. Thomas, dearly beloved father of
Marlon Thomas, son of James and the lat«
Katie Thomas, and brother of Katie and
John . Thomas, a native of California, . aged
27 years 11 months and ' 2 days. -
tTFuneral strictly " private.
BTENZEL— In Ban Lorenzo, Cal., March 16,
1901. Amelia,' beloved mother of Frlti. Henry
and Charles J. Btenzel, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years 6 months and 6 days. .
EryFrlnnds and acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at late
residence at San Lorenzo.
TERRY— In this city, March 17. 1901. George
W. Terry, dearly beloved husband of Emily
C. <Terry, loving father of Hazel A. and Det-
lef E. Terry, stepfather of Henry C. Hud-
eon, and brother of, Mr. L.. A. Terry and
Mrs. - P. Beanston, a native of Santa Clara,
Santa. Clara County. Cal., aged 47 years 4>
months and 2 days.
POHL— In this city, March 17, 1901. Anna, re-
lict of the late, Henry Pohl, and mother of
Henry K. Pohl, and sister of J. Trlttenbach,
a native of Canton Zurich, Switzerland, aged
73 years and 14 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween ' Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odd
Fellows' . Cemetery. I - . '.
SCHNEIDER— In this .city, March 18,-1901.
August J. J. Schneider, beloved eon of Louis
and tha late Ellse Schneider, and brother of
Louis, Carl and Friederich Schneider, a na-
tive of San Francisco, acred 9 years 11
months and 18 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, Godfrey Jewell. 601 Broder-
lck street, corner of Grove. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MILLER-In Oakland. March 17, 1901. Henry
R. Miller, husband of Elizabeth L. Miller,
and father of Harry H. and Bernard P. Mil-
ler, a native .of New York State, aeed 63
years. - ¦"» . ¦ . .
(CTFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
at his late residence. 328 Boulevard Terrace.
(t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1110 Scott street, thence to Holy Cross
, Church, Eddy streets where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI. commencing at 9 o'clock. Kindly omit
flowers. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, y
MIERSON-In this city, March 17. 1901.
Emma, beloved wife of Augustus Mlerson,
and dearly beloved mother of . Bernhard,
Max, Sol, James and Millie Mlerson and the
late Mrs. E. Bloch, and sister of Mrs. I.
Levy, Godfrey Jewell and the late Raphael
Jewell, a native of London, England, aged 70
years and 9 months. (Placervllle papers
please copy.) . ¦ -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3& McLea court, off Ninth street,
between Bryant and Harrison, thence to 3f.
Jo5eph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her noul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
McALPIN — Entered Into rest. In Portland; Or..
March 17, 1901, Jennie E., beloved wife of
Arthur B. McAIpln, and eldest daughter of
the late James Oglesby of San Francisco.
MACDONALD— In this city, March 17. 1901.
Theresa, beloved wife of the late Jerome K.
Macdonald, and mother of Stella Macdonald,
a native of Prince Edward Isles, aeed 69
years 6 months and 4 days. (Prince Edward
Isles papers please copy.) . . ., ¦ ¦
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and ¦ Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
LANDSON-In this city, March 18, 1901. Ellen
Landson (nee Clifford), beloved wife of Lewis
Landson, and mother of Mary L. Landson. a
native of Ireland, aeed 63 years. - .
IC7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, Henry and Warren streets, Fitch-
burg, Cal. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HERLITZ— In this city, March 17, 1901. Emily
Maud, beloved wife of Robert Herlitz, mother
of Newton, Myrtle, Vivian, Dorcas and Lyl«
Herlitz, and daughter of Ann and the late
James McGrath, a native of Sacramento,
Cal. • ¦ 1
" (ETThe funeral will take nlace this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1C39 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOWKINS— In this city. March 18. 1901. Ar-
thur "William, beloved son of Alfred and
Christine Howkins, brother of Alfred and
Margery Howkins, and grandson of Broder
and Mareretha Arfsten, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and IS
days.
JACOBT— In Exln, Germany, February 20, 1901,
Eva Jacoby, beloved mother of Mrs.' Jennie
Joseph and Dave and Harry Jacoby, and sis-
ter ot Mrs. Hanna Blitz, all of San Fran-
cisco. .
KUEHNE— In this city. March 18, 1901, Doro-
thea Kuehne, beloved mother of Gustav
Kuehne. a native of Germany, aged 62 years
4 months and 10 days.
(ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
- tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 1301
Eighth street, Oakland. Interment private.
HAUER— In Fitchburg, Cal., March 17, 1901.
. Sophia, beloved wife of Fred W. Hauer, a
native of Flensburg. Germany, aged 62 years
t> months and 25 days. .
ICTThe fur-eral will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 47 Hill street, thence tp St.
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem mass will be * cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 'j o'clock. ' Friends and acquaintances are
invited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by electric funeral car from Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers.
GENGIRICH— In • this city, March 18, 190L
William "Genglrlch. a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 49 years.
GIBSON-ln this city, March 18, 1901, at his
residence, 23 Hill street. George Edwin Gib-
son, relict of the late Mary K. Gibson, a na-
tive of Denmark. Me., aged 72 years.
GLADY— In' the City and County Hospital,
March 17, 19ul, Andrew Glady, a native of
Ireland, aired 70 years.
GREEN— Kntered into rest, at 1301 Eighth
street. Oakland, ' March 17, • 1901, Christopher,
beloved husband of Alice Green, and father
of C. H. Green, Mrs. F. J. Slme, Mrs. M.
Detels, . Mrs. Joseph Martin and Mrs. Her-
bert Fishbeck, aged 70 years 2 months and
21 days. - (Sacramento papers please copy.)
(CTThe funeral will take place . this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, 770 Fourteenth street, Oakland, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commen-
cing at 10 o'clock. ' Interment strictly pri-
vate. No flowers. ; '
DONAVON— In this city, March 17, 1901, Daniel
J., dearly beloved son of Daniel J. and Magr-
Rle A. Donavon, and brother of : Gertrude.
Hugh and Josephine Donavon and Sister De
. La Salle of the sisters of the Holy Family,
and grandson of Hugh and Bridget Molloy
arn'. Michael and the late Mary Donavon, a
native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 3
months and 26 days.
chard Burr, husband of Mrs. M. L. Burr,
and father of Percy L. Burr and Mrs. George
J. Wellington, a native of New York, aged
64 years. . . • •:
CARLSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March . IS, 1901, Carl Carlson, a native ot
Sweden, < aced 41 'years. - ..¦,"'. - '.-.'-
COTTRELL- In Oakland, March 17. 1901. Mrs.
Mary J. Cottrell, beloved mother of Made-
leine, Mellifluers, Grace and Llndsly Conner,
and sister of Mrs. T. J. Welsh and Matthew
and James I. O'Brien, a native 'of Albany,
' N. Y.- . • . ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I I ¦ t '¦:¦¦"'*'• , '¦'
THE BUSINESS
§ ">AN I
III TRAVELS WELL i|i
\\ HE LEAVES |i|
ft SAN FRANCISCO :||
g AT 9.00 A. M. ;i ;
« AND ARRIVES AT ;!
?| CHICAGO IN 75 HOURS 8
8 ON THE 1 1
|| CALIFORNIA ' j|i
!|| LIMITED |
l| THE FAST TRAIN :|
| os the <!;¦
SANTA FE j
iouTnr.ni pacific cojirAjnr.
(piano srrriM.) <
Trala* lemvat wad Mr* <¦¦• •• arrir* *|
sjam ritAHV.i*vn.
(Main Line, Foot of Marks* Street)
urn — Fbou Mabch 14. l ML — Aiim .
TiOfJa Martina*. Baa Ramon. YaQsfo Xapa,
Callstoca and Santa Rosa «:S3r
7:80 a Benlcia, duUan. Elmira, Vscatilla,
Ramsey and Sacramento.......... 7»33r
7:*Oa Davis, Woodland. Knights T-«»**"».
M»ir«»iiie. Oro»lil9_ TtSSy
7i30a AUantio Kxpreu-Oislan aad East UiS3»
•sOOAKflas, LiTermore, Tney, Latarop,
Stockton .7.....TT. 7. ttM3»
•>>•? Shasta ExpreM— Dmria, Williams (for
Bartlett Springi), WUlowi, Bed
Bluff, Portland.. TlSSy
• i39a San Jois. lltermore, 8 took too,
lone. Bacrasttnto. Placerrllle,
iUrjsTille, Chico, IUd Bluff «tSS*
SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese. SJonora. Oartan... «i23 r
¦ :OO* Haywards. NUcs and Way Stations. Mi33a
tiOOA Los Angeles Express — If artlnes,
:•¦ .- . ¦ Tracy. Laihrop. Htoekfcm. Meree*
Tit*no »ud Lo» Angolos 7i33>
9i3»A Vallrjo. Martinet and Way Stations 8 133*
1O:«iOa The Orerland Limited— Ogtlea, Dta> t
ter, Onaha. Coicaga «i33»
11:OOa N'IIm. Stockton, Hacr»m<mto. Men-
dota. rnsnav Haatotd. Tl»«Ua,
Pcrterrllle «iia»
1 1:00a LlTermore, Saagest Gcrahra Jua»
tlon. Bakersfield, Lea Angeles
flsOO-r Baoramento Itlter Hteaumrt f^iOttA
3>wur Bentcia, Wiaters, 8aeram«n»o,
Woodland, Kulghts Landing,
il»ry«»I!le. Orofille./ I0:33a
8:«0r Rarwards, Nlles and Way Buttons. liUr
4:UUr Martinet. Han lUmon. Vallojo,
Nap*. I )»li« toij». Sit u t » Itoea » i »3 a
f4:OOr8aose« Limited, El Puo, Kev
Orleans and Kail <11:23*
4:«0rTbe Owl Limited— Tracy. Fi««ao.
> Balienfleld. Hangns for Santa Bar-
bara, Lo» Aocelea. HtSSa
4 >»Op Hayvards, Nile* aud San Jose...«.. fStSSA
0:0orNew Orlcani Express— luksrifleld,
Santa Barbara, I.os Angeles. Uem«
Ing, El Paso, Hew Orleans and
y;»it .TV?. 7»53a
O:Oap ITOcs, iiTerraore," Stockton" LodlV.V. JO:.V»a
«:«»p Hsywuds, Mile* and am Jose 7i33 »
f(J:O«r Vallejo II»35»
OiOOr Oriental Mail— Ogilen. Cheyenne. •
Omaha. Chicago ia>3Sr
• :OOr OiJental Mall— Ogden. Denier,
Omaha, Chicago. *:13r
TiOOr Oregou and California Kxpreis.ftao-
rameuhi, Marjitllle, ICoiMtng,
rortUn.1. Pii(«k Hound an.t Kaak liUi
SiO.irSan Pablo. Pnrt Coata. MarUaez
and Way Buttons 11>SSa
tS;05p VslHo 7i3i>F
COAST DlftHlOa (.Narron Vange).
(Foot of Market Street.*
8:13a Newark.C»iiterTille,Han .lose, Wlton.
BoniderCrrek.Sauta Crux and Way
BUUoos :... «t9«r
t*ll3p Newark. CenterTille, Ban .lose. Now
Alma.leo, F«ltou. Itoulder Creek.
Santa Ciuz and Principal Way
8UUOIIS t« »¦•""» A
4:l3p Newark, Han Jose, LosQatos 8t304
aSiSOp Hontan' Exsnrsion, San Jose and
WayHUttona t*tfT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
frim SIM rtllClSCO— rnt if Xirk.t Strut (SU* J)—
tT:15 9.00 ll:00i. tf. I:C3 3:33 8:1S'.».
fr«»01IUKa— r..l .fgr««iw.j.— 1*:00 td.00 13:03
10.00 t.M. 18:C3 8:33 t:33r.M.
COAST IHYISIO.N (Itroad (iau S e).
(ThlrJ and TownMml Sts.)
|0>IOa Ocean View. .South Man Kranclnco.. 10::KJr
7sOOa Han Joss ami Way Statluna (New
Almaileii Weilnendayi ouly) liSvr
BiOOa Han Jose. Ties Huns, .Santa Cms, > — -
1'aclUo (Irnte. I'aso Rubles. Hill "
i.iil* ()lil«|.o, Hiirf, Lompoc aud
Pxlnelpal Way .Station. 4il«T
I ono A s» n j,,, o and Way Stattoua. «.a.1»
I IiSOa Han Joie and Way Sutio 3i3i)r
f4i43p San Mat»o, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. San Jose.
Tres Pino*. Santa Cms. HaHnaa,
Monterey ami PadOe r.rora.. .... tl*<3*A
fSiawr San Jose aud Way Stations 7s3«r
f <:13r San Joseand Principal Wsy SUtions V:43*
is:OOr8an Jose, Los Qatos aad Prladpal
Way SUtions {ti««*
SiSOr San.Joto and Principal Way Stations B>S.iA
<t::tur San.Ioaeauit Way Stations tSi**A
I all:43p Ssn Joseand Way SUtions 7t30p
A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon,
f Sunday exempted. I Bandar oaiT.
f Mondays. Wsdassdan, Friday*.
• Tune days, Thursdays, Snadays. . . >z
m Saturday * •
CAUFORNU N0RTBWESTEE3 RL Cd
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
. - San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:00. 11:00 a. m.: 13:25. S:M.
B:I0. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:50 aad
STTNDAY&^8:00. » JO. 1140 a, m.; 1*J». !:»%
6:00. 6:29 p. m.
oiin jiaiasl to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:ii
1:49, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 1:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-? :10. 1:43, 11:10 a. su; 1:401 2:«.
6:05. e:25 p. m. . __ . .
Between Saa Francisco and Bchoetxea Park.
same schedule as above.
Lea™ j la Effect I ArrtT«
Saa Francisco, [Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Francljco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Day.
7:90 am 1:00 am Novato. 10:40 am »:« am
1:30 pm 9:30 am PeUluma. 1:05 pm 10:JS am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm t:22 pm
Fulton.
7:10 am • Windsor, W'M aa
Healdsburf,
Lytton.
Ceyservllle.
¦t:Mpm t:C0am Cloverdale. T -35 pm «:3 pra
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
. . | g:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:S pm| <:33 pra
7-30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneTllTe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm . t:Mpm
7:30 am S:00am Sonoma 9^5 am 1:40 am
aad
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. <*:03 pm I:B pm
7:30 am] 8:0O am] 110:40 am!10:ZS am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pro) t:a pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyaervllle for Skacgs Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KelseyvUie. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah (or Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverstde, Heriey's BuckneU's.
Sanhedrln Heights, HulIvlUe, Orr'sHot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, UiaL
WUletts. Laytonvtlle. CUmmings. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
llifr. K- X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITINO. Gen. Pass. Act.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via s»«T»nn» Fexrjr— Foot at Market St.
4:00 p. m.) Stay over oigbtat the TAVaajr(lft:ii a.m.
8WA.H.) - i L-ODF.Jf.
10:00 a. m. { opsn x vq *f° r - M >
U^TOA.1*. f SUNDAYS • 4iarmJtm
1:15 P.M.) * ( 5:56 P.M.
Fire. Sin Frandsco to Summit and Return, f I. to.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market at., <& Sansallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXY ST. Established
In 1H34 for the treatment of Frivata
DIxeaxes. Lout Uanliood. Debility or
dl**asp vreartagnn body and oilnd and
Slcln Dte*ases- The Doctor cureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cur*a guaranteed. Cull or writ*,
l>r. j; **. U I BliOJi.btu Francisco. Cai. _
BAHWAY TBAYEL
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 11:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ;
." Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"' Hanford 4:23 p 3:27 p 7:M a
•¦? Vlsalla . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare .. 4:17 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ..
:•• Kan. Cty.. 2:41 a 7: JO a
" Chicago 2:15 p »:00 p ;..
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. in. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on v this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:G5 a. rn. daily.
. 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding: train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Maiket street- and In Ferry
Depot, Ean Francisco; 111$ Broadway, Oak-
land.
icHICACO I
in LESS '*<"»
THREE DAYS
Scut Francinco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North'PVestern Line
¦f\OU'BLE Dravrng-^pom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, and Library
'¦*-*'; Cars, with iarbir. Dicing Cars—
meals a t* carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every reeek from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The btst ofrcirrthing.
ft. It. it ITCH IBS
817 Market St. General Agtnt Paetfie CbaH
¦-¦• PalaetlloUi SAX r&AXCISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« Ssjusallt* F«rty.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FnOM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
TTEEK DAYS— «S:55. »i:lS. 11:0© a. m.. *1:45.
»:15. 4:00. 6:15, •S:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •SW, 'lO^. *ll:30 a. m.. »J:li
3:15, *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
¦ Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20. »«:S0, 7:45. »:IO a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. •3:30, 4:30, 6:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 6:S>. *S:00. *10:00. *11:45 a. m.,
•1:40, *2:1S. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked '(•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK - DAYS— 8:45, «:45. 7:53. »:30 a. m..
'12:35, 2:10. *:S0, 4:54. 6:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.m. ¦>.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 sum., 12:05, 2:15. 1:30.
6:00. 1:45 p. m.
• THROTJGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. rn. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. In. Saturdays — Tomalea and way
stations. ' "Wili"HiOilli ffjrHHiii
8 :00 a. m. Sundays — Tcmalea end way
stations.Applause Greets S. M. Shortridge
Sustained applause greeted Mr. Short
ridge as he rose. So great was the en
thusiasm that it was several minutes be
fore he could proceed. In introducing his
Eubject the speaker styled the day one of
sad memories, one for proud recollection;
a day to weep and a day to rejoice; a
day of meditation and a day of hope.
He cited St. Patrick's example as note
worthy in that he converted a whole peo
ple without the shedding of a drop of
blood. The conversion was one that
lasted. Ireland did not relapse into pa
ganism, as England did. It was in real
ity Ireland which christianized England.
The history of Irelafcd was then briefly
but masterfully sketched from the day of
Brian the Brave to recent events. It was
when he reached the days of 179S that the
speaker really reached the hearts of hi3
assemblage. They cheered the name of
conclusion of his address introduced the
orator of the day, Samuel M. Shortridg«.
"Ireland never sought to cut loose from
the British empire. She only wanted
"In 1798," said the orator, "there wero
men who thought it a privilege to fight
for their country. There were not a few
of them, but higher, more glorious than
all others are the names of Wolfe Tone
and Robert Emmet. Some day it may
fall to your lot to stand on the slab which
marks the burial place. of Wolfe Tone
and read inscribed thereon the noble
deeds of his life.. If ever you do the same
words will rise unon your lips as were
ever upon his, "God bless Ireland."
Emmet, they gloried in every mention of
Grattan, Wolfe Tone brought them to
tfceir f*et. but curiously, perhaps, the
most applauded name amengr all- those
cited as workers for Ireland's liberty was
that of William Ewart Gladstone.
few selections of grave and gay Irish airs
President O'Gara advanced to the front
of the platform and delivered a brief ad
dress to the audience on the object of the
«1ay. He rpoke -with hope of what the
new century might hold In Ftore for the
Irish nation and then on reaching the
i«» tt«C HERE xrere very few vacant
j I seats ex the Central Theater yes
|| terday afternoon when the Irtsh-
UL Americans cf San Francisco as
sembled to celebrate St. Patrick's
day. The gxeat barn-like structure was
packed to suffocation with enthusiastic
and perspiring patriots, who. In spite of
the allurements of cloudless skies and de
lightful weather outside, had felt that the
purpose and duty of the day was to pay
tribute to the memory of the patron saint
of Ireland and to revive recollections of
the dear oM Emerald Isle Itself.
The exercises were set for 1 o'clock, but
the members of the committee who occu
pied seats on the stage did not appear un
til some time after the ¦ appointed hour.
They were greeted with warm applause.
The president of the day was John
O'Gara and his associates on the platform
T.'ere John MuJhern. Jeremiah Deasy. P.
J. McCormick. Colonel Thomas F. Barry.
"William Broderick. Frank S. Drady. J. S.
McCormick. Captain P. J. McGrath, Wil
liam Heenan. P. J. Kelleher, J. J. Dona
hue. S. M. Shortridire. John M. Miller.
John Kenny. Frank Conklin. J. S. McCor
mick, John Heenan, Rev. Fathers Logan,
Kearns, P. Scanlan, D. O. Crowley, E. P.
Dcmpsey. Lynch. J. Cantillion. J. Sulli
van, A. McClory, T. Phillips, J. Keane,
Brothers Hosea, Euphrasius, Xeuophon,
George and Joseph. . '
After the orchestra had rattled off a
SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT CENTRAL, THEATER AND THE ME
CHANICS' PAVILION CONNECTED WITH .THE LOCAL. CELEBRA
TION OF ST. PATRICK'S DAY BY PATRIOTIC IRISH-AMERICANS.
.There is not an cunce of headache, in a bar
rel of It— J«?sse' Moore. "A A" -whiskey.
The will of the'vlate Carroll Carrington.
the well-known" journalist, was filed for
rrobate yesterday by Attorney Arthur H.
"'arendt. Decedent's 5 estate is -valued < at
,1500. all cf which is bequeathed to his
mother; Rose Carrington. ;
Carroll Carrington's ; Will.
Address. Mrs;, M. V. H. Gurnett; address.
Hon. S. W. Holllday; reading. - Miss Gertrude
Gates; piano solo. Miss L. English; .vocal solo.
Miss Grace do Forrest V. recitation. Miss May
Sullivan; vocal solo. Miss A. s Gates: vocal' solo.
Miss Klena Roeckle. :. ¦;« ¦' - -
The. Daughters of the ."California Pio
neers,held their lirst social gathering yes
terday afternoon In the parlors of the
Pioneer, building. v
The hours: of the reception were from. 5
till 5. There wasan excellent programme
of instrumental music. ; songs and recita
tions, after which . a ', delightful ; hour was
spent In social greetings.: The programme
of the afternoon was as follows:
the T'irst Social Gathering of
the Association. •/
Splendid Programme; Is Presented at
ENTERTAINMENT BY THE
- DAUGHTERS OF PIONEERS
At the conclusion of the literary and
musical programme the floor was cleared
tor dancing. ¦ ' "<¦ '
but their lives for, the cause of Justice
and right. .They have remained loyal to
the cause and I hope that the day is not
far distant when they will, in thoir own
na *. Iv . e J and - be abte to 1Ive under a free
and independent flap."
A series of stereopiJcon views of historic
places In Ireland were then thrown on
the canvas and appropriate Irish airs
were played , by the band. . The Misses
Anna Cavanaugh and Julia Malloy gave
arr exhibition i of Irish jig and reel dine!
Ing, after which a chorus or 250 voices,
under tho direction of Brother Hosea,
•£ % o the T Sjar-Soangled Banner" and
Ood Save Ireland.
The contest of the will. of. the late John
IV Dalton, which was instituted by Kate
and William D*lton, sister and brother of
the testator, over three years ago, - -was
suddenly abandoned by, the contestants
yesterday morning, and Judge Coffey or
dered a jury 'mpaneled and instructed it
to find a verdict "In favor ; of the pro
ponent, Mrs. John •>. P. ' Dalton, widow of
the deceased, ard thus effectually bar the
contestants from further effort , to gain
control of, any portion of the decedent's
-estate. • . . -. ~:' -"
Orders Judgment Entered
Against j Them. I ,
Contestants Fail to Appear, and Court
JUDGE COFFEY SUSTAINS
JOHN P. DAI/TON'S WILL
Resolutions condemning England s - at
titude toward Ireland and the Boers and
extending greeting and encouragement to
Irishmen everywhere- were Introduced by
Colonel Barry and unanimously adopted
by the combined ayes of the entire audi
ence. ; , . ¦
Mlron Lefflngwell then read the poetical
effusion of the day by John M. Miller and
Chairman O'Gara was presented with a
gold and diamond memorial badge.
The old drama. "Colleen Bawn," by
the Central Stock Company, followed tho
exercises and called forth much laughter
the foot of God's throne. Emmet! Wolfe
Tone! Grattan! St. Patrick pleading for
the cause of Ireland and liberty, and God
In his infinite mercy will yet permit his
pr-ople to be free."
Bert .Wellington/ alias, West,-; alias Hess.
was sentenced by. Judge Mogan yesterday
to'elgbteen months In the County Jail; be
ing six months on each; of .three charges
of petty larceny.' Henry Smith, his com
panion, was sentenced to ., six months on
eachof two; charges and thirty days on
the third charge. Thev broke into a store
at 220 Sutter street and two other stores
Hess is the young man.who had Antonio
Gonzales .'. arrested.; for robbery some
months ago. ¦ ¦; 1 1 was proved ¦ in the ; Supe
rior i Court \ that < no • such \ robbery ; had ; oc
curred'.and Gonzales was discharged.-
Long T :rms for /Petty , Larceny.
vessel to leave this port carrying soldiers
to the Philippines. Orders were Issued
yesterday fixing the date for her saillnR
on March 2i and assigning the following
bodies of soldiers for passase.
Troops F and G. Sixth Cavalry, from the
.PreMdlo. and Troor>s -^ *nd, H °f- the same
regiment from the Department of the Colum
bia: Company H. Seventh Infantry, from Al
catraz; Company D. % Seventh -Infantry, from
Fort Logan, and Companies M and C from the
Department of the Columbia. . ."J .¦¦;.'
Company C. Eighteenth Infantry, has
been ordered to Alcatruz to relieve tho
I company of tho Seventh Infantry ordered
Vessel Will Carry J Four. Troops of
1 Cavalry and Four Companies
cf Infantry. .'
) The transport Hancock will be th# ne.tt
DATE SET FOR SAILING
OF TRANSPORT HANCOCK
¦ With privilege ., of stopover- at : . Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles. Tickets: good
3D. days: Tickets sold at this rate only
during the month of March. Pacific Ccasr
Steamship | Company's ticket office. 4 New
Montgomery • street, "under , Palace Hotel
S25 to San Diego and Return.
Warring Tongs Will Await Settle
ment $f San Joso Troubles Be
fore Continuing Warfare.
"The warring highbinder tongs have
agreed to call off tho threatened war for
the present at least. Since the killing of
one of their number at San Jose a few
days ago the rival societies have sum
moned their hatchet men and armed them
for the impending affray.
Chief of Police Sullivan, in anticipation
of serious . trouble. Increased his force ! in
Chinatown. Several nights ago the mur
derers of the San Jose Chinaman arrived
here, and at once prepared to resist the
threatened attack of their fellow high
binders. Fearing a general' slaughter the
representatives of the rival tongs met last
night and agreed to a truce until after the
trouble in San Jose is {fmicably settled.
Chief of Police Sullivan was immediate
ly apprised of the result of the meeting,
and he lost.no time in withdrawing the
extra policemen.
t In speaking of the temporary peace set
tlement .of the highbinders, one of the
leading members of the rival tongs said
last nl^rht: - .
"We are hopeful of an early settlement
of the trouble at San Jose, and for that
reason there will be no further bloodhhep
unless tho, hatchet men of the rival tongs
get together and fight It out. At the
meeting it was agreed to give the slayers
of the San Jose Chinaman one week 'In
which to make amends for killing him. or
war will be declared. Should the tongs to
which they belong object." blood will sure
ly flow." : ...
HIGHBINDEBS ARRANGE
A TEMPORARY TRTJCE
I Dr. Webb has visited 'this city before on
several occasions and Is very popular with
Californ!ans. He married a daughter of
the late W. H. Vanderbllt. and the couple,
with their two children,- spend nearly alt
their leisure time traveling. Dr. Webb
said last evening that he -did not care to
discuss railroad matters and that he knew
nothing about the ' Harrlman syndicate
deal except what he saw in the papers.
-The* party is composed of Dr. and Mrs.
W. Seward Webb. Mr.' and > Mrs. James
Lawrence of Boston. Mr. and Mrs. George
Bird, Miss Metcalf and Miss Dixon of
New, York. Miss Dixon is the daughter
of the Rev. Dr. Dixon of. Trinity Chnrch;
New York. The party will leave at. 4
o'clock to-day dlrct for New York.,
' In "the evening Dr. Webb entertained
President Charles M.' Hays of the South
ern Pacific Railroad at. dinner at the Pal
ace. -After dinner ¦ the party separated,
some going to the Columbia Theater and
others to the California.'
: Dr. W. Seward Webb, with his wife and
jr. party of friends, arrived in San Fran
cisco yesterday on their special train and
spent 1 the day sightseeing and shipping.
The train, which Is Dr. Webb's private
property, is composed of five cars and is
literally a palace on wheels. A novel fea
ture of the tram Is a car which Is used to
carry -baggage, and horses. This car has
accommodations for four horses. The
middle section of the car Is artistically
decorated with palm and fern effects. Two
coachmen and a groom are attendants In
the car. The drawing-room car is a mag
nificent affair, daintily done In white and
gold. \ .
The train stood all day at the Oakland
mole, and Dr. Webb and 7 his party jour
neyed over to the city, where carriages
were in waiting for them. - The . party
took a drive through the city and paid a
visit to the Presidio. -*r, <
Travel Ov#r the Country in
a Veritable Palace on
Wheels; \ /
W. SEWARD WEBB
AND PARTY HERE
to Manila. The exchange will occur on
the 20th lnst.
George NIeman. Company E. Third In
fantry, and Charles Moore, Company B,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, died yesterday
at the general hospital.
The Twenty-seventh Infantry -will b<»
mustered out April 1. and the Thirtieth
Infantry will quit the service April 4.
"The story of Ireland is a sad and
lamentable one," said he. "but a brighter
and more glorious day is now dawning.
England has done lier best to blight the
bright, green isle of the ocean, but she
has failed. .The Irish people have been
persecuted and abused, but their faith
has never^- wavered.
| "The sons . and daughters of Erin are
noble and. true. They have ever been
willing .to sacrifice not alone their time
. The orator of the evening, Charles L..
Asmussen, told of ttt. triumphs and sor
rows of ! . Ireland. After giving a word
painting of the present conditions exist
ing in Ireland Mr.' Asmussen predicted
that the long-suffering country will soon
be able to take her proper place among
the nations of the earth.
The address of welcome was delivered
by O'Gara, chairman of the St.
Patrick's day convention. After paying
a 'high .-tribute to tho Irish race he said
that it afforded him great pleasure to
welcome the masses who had assembled
to do honor to the memory of the patron
saint of the Emerald Isle:
The evening exercises In honor of St.
Patrick's day were held in Mechanics'
Pavilion, and were attended by fully 8000
people. The large hall was appropriately
decorated with the insignia of Erin and
the national colors of America. It was a
responsive audience. The stereoptlcon
views of Ireland elicited the hearty ap
plause of the audience and each patriotic
air or Irish melody played by the band
evoked rounds of applause. >;
EXEBCISES AT PAVILION.
and applause - by its amusing and thrill
ing situations.
"But with all this, yet I say that if
there was ever a people on earth who had
a right to be free it is the Irish people.
One word more and I have done. My
friends, there is no such thing as death.
The body perishes, but that which thinks
and aspires and loves does not die. For
such lives as those of Ireland's martyrs
there is no death. Yonder they stand at
"Oh! it has been a sad story! Along
with her other misfortunes Ireland has
had famine, desolation, till it seemed that
God himself had turned his back on her.
"The union (so called) brought little re
lief or improvement, but In 1803 there was
another noble heart willing to give of Its
blood for Ireland, and that heart beat
within the breast of Robert Emmet.
Robert Emmet! Wherever there shall
be a heart that beats to the transports of
freedom that name must ever be dear
above any other. Robert Emmet
mounted the scaffold and looked .calmly
Into the .grave.. But do you think the
spirit of liberty died with Robert Em
met? .Do you think that by consigning
him to the grave the cause of liberty was
destroyed? No! There rose up after him
the voice of the liberator of Ireland. Dan
iel O'Connell. All these princelings and
lcrdlings were seized with panic at the
voice of this God-like man. But it was
not until 1829 that the Catholic could have
a voice in making the laws of his coun
try.
Emmet's Great Sacrifice.
"The act was done in 1S00 which marked
the death of the Irish Parliament. There
after if Ireland wanted laws she had to
go to Westminster. If she wanted the
free press she had to bend her knee to
England. ,
what Canada enjoys, what Australia pos
sesses, what is a privilege of this State;
she wants home rule under the protection
of the federation. •
t Thomas Learned was the chairman of
the evening. Miss Mira A. Burnett
Op^ n t?« th^ e « xerc ,V se ?- wlth an organ solo
?^^ 1 L R l I ?. al 2 y V * Keane sang a number
of Irish ballads.^ A quartet, composed of
Miss Frances X. Barr. Miss Loretto A.
Barr, Miss Christine G. ISarr and Miss
Margaret OBrien. rendered a number of
selections on the mandolin, accompanied
by Miss Florence Fenton on the piano.
The proceeds of the entertainment will be
devoted to tho improvement of the
parochial schools. •
Father Yorke was warmly welcomed
when he stepped upon the stage. The
hall, tastefully decorated, was packed to
Its utmost capacity. Upon the stage were
seated a large number of the clergy and
many prominent citizens.- Father Yorke
was frequently interrupted by applause
his reference to local political conditions
one of his most pungent points, beinsr
rapturously received. 5
; "During the famine of 1847 there was
nothing between the population and star
vation. The .landlords grabbed all and ex
ported grain from Ireland during that
year on which the duties paid would have
kept alive the 2.000,000 souls that died, and
saved the blight with its horrors. The as
sistance offered by the Sultan of Turkey
was refused because he had given
more than the gracious lady whose
praises we sing In 'God Save the Queen.'
A curse of God to thee and thine and the
memories of those who did these two mil
lions to death."
"No Minister or Cabinet could stand
against the Queen's will. So she must
take the responsibility of all the acts of
her. reign. For every good thing the
English Government did, give her credit.
For every bad thing give discredit to her
Ministers. Government does not exist
alone for the officeholders. The British
Idea of governing Ireland Is that her peo
ple are not capable of governing them
selves.
"History will judge of the past and un
der Its pitiless scrutiny shall there be for
mulated a judgment from which' there will
be no appeal. There Is a criminal at
tempt to separate the lady and the Queen.
As a private individual she attended to
her business and her children, had no
fits of extravagance and knew that cents
made the dollar. It Is said that whatever
has been done by England to the Irish
people should not be charged to her. This
is a dishonest attempt to shift the burdens
of responsibility. No one can escape the
duties of government so long as they are
In power; and so long must they stand for
what is done under them or in their name.
"Two events have made our days rather
remarkable," he said. "One was the close
of the century and the other the death of
Queen Victoria. Her reign was protracted
over two-thirds of a century and St. Pat
rick's day furnishes a fitting occasion to
review the events which have made that
past century bo remarkable.
"We are Irish of the Irish. Our loyalty
Is anything save bending the kmse and
singing 'God Save the Queen.' Rather
would we sinff 'God Save Ireland.' There
are about 8000 Irish voters on the great
registers, brt I am waiting to see a gath
ering of them to condemn the action taken
by our authorities. We have many so
cieties In our midst, yet only -one of these
has spoken in unmeasured terms."
Reviewing the history of the Irish race
Father. Yorke dwelt upon the history of
that country during the reign of Queen
Victoria, dilating upon the grievances of
her people. The famine of 1S47, with all
its horrors, was vividly pictured.
"Life, liberty and the pursuit of happi
ness are three of the cardinal principles of
our Government," he said. "How did or
how do the Irish people enjoy them? It
Is necessary for a nation to enjoy these
three attributes which are vouchsafed to
all free people. We must not only con
sider this question in the bitterness of
our hearts, but consider it publicly. No
one "can accuse the Anglo-Saxon of mod
esty. It Is now time for us to speak. As
a race, England is our enemy as she was
before Ireland "was subjugated.
"Every eulogy on the dead Queen is a
condemnation of our people. Either "we
are the victims of chronic injustices or we
are a most unfortunate people. We are
bound to speak out and show the people of
the world that when we refuse to sing
'God Save the Queen' we have justification
for our act. and must proclaim in no un
certain tones, 'God Save Ireland.'
So spoke Father Yorke last night at
Metropolitan Temple. It was his first ap
pearance as an orator on St.- Patrick's
day. The occasion was an entertainment
for the benefit of the parish of St. Charles
Borromeo out in the Mission district. The
title of the reverend lecturer's v discourse
was "God Save the Queen."
: There was no mistaking the allusion
made by Father Yorke. He began his ad
dress by reviewing the principal events
that made the reign of Queen Victoria
noted throughout the world.
"Are the Irish In San Francisco to liken
themselves to the tin can that Is dragged
at the tall of a little yellow dog? Flags
at half mast on municipal buildings and
school children singing 'God Save the
Queen' Is 'the example shown us by the
little descendant of an Irish king, p Fie
upon you, men of the Celtic race. It Is a
poor politician that cannot barter civil or
uncivil service examinations."
Makes Striking Allusion to Flying
Flags ion Municipal Buildings
in Honor of Bead
Monarch.
Dwells Upon Events in Reign
of Queen Victoria and
Their Effects.
FATHER YORKE
MAKES APPEAL
TO ERIN'S SONS
THE SAN FR ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,, MARCH 1 9, 190
Big Crowd Entertained at the Central Theater by an Oration and a
Production of "The Colleen Bawn" in the Afternoon— In the Eve
ning Dancing and Speechmaking Are Enjoyed at Mechanics' Pavilion
OLD ERIN'S FAITHFUL SONS
HONOR THEIR PATRON SAINT
12
O 9 © EL JL ™ i^jf fl j & $ $
Why Suffer From This Dreadful Disease, When
Science Has Conquered It?
Nearly one thousand permanent cares have b:en
mada here in y~ur midit Ov.r five hundred in the city
ot San Franc r s:o alons; business man oi tne firs: rank,
some of whom you may know, and who for the sake of
suffering hummity are willing: to ba privately in-
terviev/ad. »
There is nothing: to drsad; the treatm ant is faultless;
no surgery, caustics, ligature or salves, and no delay
from business.
ANY CASE. NO MATTER HOW SEVERE OR OF HOW
LONG STANDING, no. matter hew many salves you may
hav . tried (for they are all delusions), can bs psrma-
nen ly cured in a very short while if scientifically
treated by a skilled PHYSICIAN.
ior further evidence and past cular3
Address PHYSICIAN, Box 1950, Gall Office.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(Save the Number.)
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'; ADVERTISEMENTS.
r HARDWQOD Sf Q .00 1
FOLDING BED XL— I
A good substantial bed. well Bj
paneled and finished." A bar- H
gain. We want to estimate on S
furnishing entire homes, flats a
and rooming-houses. We can ¦
save you money on furniture. - \ u
carpets and draperies. -Cr«d!t B
If you wish. A fine line of laca S
curtains from $1 25 per pair up, ?j
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE C3., 1
338*343 POST STBSET, " H
Opposite Union Squar*. h
- .;. _ __„.„ „ __T~T
.^^^^^ >>nn VROQM"!
* ' \ I V*>N MARiCST Sta *
! ..._ fc
I \
\ PAINLESS DENTISTRY! I
drmonulty:
T'HIS'WlsiX-KXOVrN AND RKLIABLE OLD
JL 8peclalfnet4re.tB | oo<t Poison, (Jonorrhce-i.Oleet,
fctrictur*-, nominal \V«n!cnes*.I:np<>trne''(uid their
alU?d Dlwrd^ra. Hoolc on Diseasm of Me». fr»«.
OTrrOTy^nrV-xpeHfMice.TernnriKMnnable. Honr*.
3u>:i(1ally;«:.10tn.S.30«»v'R*. Hands tv 10 to li C.>nn:U
tation free and sacredly conrtdemiat Call oraddresi
P. ROSCOE McXCLTY.H.D.
20 >; tvearay St.. San Franciacc, Ca»-
In the vast retail establishments of large cities, many
w.omen are employed as saleswomen.
Men formerly held the positions that women now hold,
and while women's organism is less strong than men's, they
are expected to do the same "v^ork. Their duties compel them
to be on their feet from morning to night, and many of them,
in a short time, contract those distressing complaints called
"female diseases."
Then occur irregularities, suppressed or painful menstra- I
ation, weakness, indigestion, leucorrhcea, general debility, 1
and nervous prostration. |
They are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faint- 1
ness, lassitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleep- |
lessness, melancholy, " all-gone " and '* want- to-be-left-alone " I
feelings, blues, and hopelessness. • 1^3
In such cases there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia l
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes 1
such troubles. The following letters prove this. They also j
prove the value of Mrs. Pinkham's advice. |
" Deai*. Mrs. Pinkham : — I take pleasure in trriting yon a few lines |
thanking' yon for yonr advice. I did jnst as you told me in taking 1 yonr . S
medicine, and owe my life to you. You are like a mother to your sex. I I
was awfully sick, was all run down and felt sick all over. I looked like a I
person brought ont of the g_rave. My face was as white as the driven snow. 9
I was always tired after doing a little work and wonld have to sit down. H
I was troubled terribly with headaches and my appetite was not good; |
also, troubled with shortness of breath something awful for about a month. |
I could not go up one flight of stairs without beinff tired and having to §
stop to get my breath. I was feeling just as miserable as could be. I took a
two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound |
and cannot express my thanks to you for what your medicine has done for |
me."— MISS M. F., 35 Devon St., Grove Hall, Eoxbury, Boston, Mass. |
" I Can Work Every Day in the Week Now." ]
•' Deaij Mrs. Pijtsham :— I write this letter for yon to publish for the 9
benefit of poor, suffering women. L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable g
Compound has done me a great deal of good. J have taken threo 1
bottles and feel like a new woman. When I began the use of your medi- I
cine I was hardly able to be up ; could not do half a day's work. I ached R
from head to foot, was almost crazy, had those bearing-down pains, and !
stomach was out of order. Now all of these troubles have left me and I I
can work everyday in the week and not feel tired."— MRS. JENNIE f
FREEMAN, 402 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima, Ohio. jj
$WSSa ¦ /SSh £2S gj*\ lip|l| 1 I|B| Owinu to the fact that some skeptical I
0 H H 2. *fla Km W*3 j(S fc"u H 3 people have from time to time questioned t
BUm. U V H § II SO 1B.Bb «¦ *j|51SW the^rnuinenessof the t«tinooat teuerj J
**tS 0 ws are coastaatl T publishing, we have H
H H i | H y h deixjsited with the National City Bank, ot Lynn, Mas*.. {3,005, g
* B 9 n ' H I H 8 which will be paid to any persc.n who can show that the above H
rt Jn lS_ J S_Jy aLfif testimonials are not srenutns. or wer; published before obtainin?»Jie ?
' \zjr X3y writers" special permission. — Lydia £.. Piskhaii Mksicixz Co. h