VOLUME XC- NO. 183.
THREE NATIONS MAY UNITE TO COMPEL AN IMPUDENT
REPUBLIC TO RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF FOREIGNERS
CONGRESSMEN
IN FAVOR OF
ANNEXATION
Cuba's Destiny Will Be
Decided by Men Who
Oppose President.
Statesmen Claim the United
States Has Done Enough
for the Island.
Policy of Clubbing or Starving the
Natives Into Subjection Will Pre
vent Needed Legislation
for Relief.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Cuba's
destiny will be decided not by the men
¦who agree with the President, Secretary
Root and Governor General Wood that
lower rates of duty should be charged on
sugar and tobacco, nor by those who
favor protection of the beet sugar grow
ers and tobacco fanners, but by members
of Congress who believe the solution of
the whole question Is annexation.
There is a strong annexation sentiment
among members of both houses of Con
gress.
These men take the position that the
United States has done enough for Cuba
as a foreign country. They say that this
Government freed Cuba at an expense of
half a billion dollars, and that even be
fore the island is ready for self-govern
ment its representative men are here de
manding the lowering of tariff duties and
pleading poverty. They argue that as
soon as these concessions are made the
islanders will come with other demands
and will want to enjoy all the advantages
.tehood while maintaining a sepa
rate government of their own.
The point is made that it is time for
the Cubans to join in the movement for
annexation, and the plan of the repre
sentatives in the movement is to with
hold all such favors as a lowering of duty
untill they do come in.
It Is a policy of clubbing or starving
the Cubans into subjection and making
them become citizens of a dependency
whether they want to be such or not.
If the Cubans are really starving, these
men say, let them starve. The United
States should be good enough for them.
This is a brutal way of putting It, b-.it
the disposition of most members of Con
gress Is no longer to handle the Cuban
Question with gloves. There are enough
of this class to make it impossible for
the President to carry out the policy of
Secretary Root and General Wood.
This means trouble sooner or later. The
Cubans are approaching their first elec
tion and they are pleased at the prospect
of having a government of their own.
They intend to have that government.
and it is likely that an effort to force
reciprocity will have the effect of driving
the Cubans farther away and deferring
annexation for years.
When asked whether the annexation of
Cuba on terms similar to those under
which Hawaii was admitted will not up
set the economic conditions in this coun
try, especially among the farmers, they
reply that is not a matter to be consid
ered. They are willing to let^the Cubans
In and do not believe that the annexa
tion of the Island will hurt the beet sugar
growers, tobacco farmers or fruit growers
of California.
The injection of the annexation element
into the fight complicates it and makes
this question of relief for Cuba impossi
ble at this session.
HALL CAINE INCURS
WRATH OF CLUBMEN
London Orgtuiization Objects to His
References to the Roman Cath
olic Church.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— According to the
Daily Mall the National Club of London,
one of whose rules obligeE its memberß to
support and promote Protestantism as
embodied in the articles of the Church of
England, has fallen foul of Hall Came,
the novelist, for opening a Roman Cath
olic bazaar on the Isle of Man and mak
ing a speech in which he spoke approv
ingly of the Roman Catholic Church and
referred to the Pope as his Holiness and
Holy Father.
A committee of the club has been sum
moned to consider the matter and a reso
lution has been passed denouncing
C«.ine°s conduct and demanding an ex
planation from him. If the explanation
be unsatisfactory the rules prescribe
resignation or expulsion.
FAMOUS ASTRONOMER
FOR STANFORD FACULTT
Miss Klumpke of the Paris Observa
tory Will Assist Professor
Isaac Roberts.
.PARIS. Nov. Miss Klumpke of San
Francisco, who for fifteen years has been
assistant at the Paris Observatory, , is
going to Stanford University as chief as
sistant to Professor Isaac Roberts. Her
specialty will be astral photography.
»_ /
Sultan Has a Heavy Heart.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— "The Sultan has
told his friends that he celebrated his
birthday with a heavy heart," cables the
Constantinople correspondent of the
Times, "because of the humiliation In
flicted upon Turkey by Francs,' 6
The San Francisco Call.
COLON IS SURRENDERED BY THE DISHEARTENED LIBERALS
AND PEACE ONCE MORE PREVAILS THROUGHOUT COLOMBIA
COLON, Nov. 29.— C010n has been
surrendered by the insurgents to
General Alban, commander of the
Government troops and Governor
of the Department of Panama.
The surrender was agreed upon as the
result of the conference on b*oard the
United States gunboat Marietta yesterday
between the commanders of foreign war
ships and General Alban and General Do
mingo de la Rosa, the representative of
the revolutionists.
It was decided that Colon should first
be delivered over to the commanders of
the foreign warships this morning, the
United States authorities acting as the
chief intermediary.
The terms of the agreement of surren
der was signed at the close of the con
ference by Generals Alban and De la
Rosa, and were as follows:
Terms of the Surrender.
"First — General de la Rosa, leader of
the insurgent troops in Colon, will surren
der the city to General Alban, together
with all of the munitions of war, within
twenty-four hours.
"Second— General Alban will guarantee
life and liberty to all citizens and insur
gent soldiers in Colon, provided the de
livery of arms and ammunition is effected
in good faith.
"Third— The surrender will be made
through the commanders of the United
States, British and French war vessels,
who ¦•will receive the city and hand it
over to General Alban and the constitu
tional authorities; but this agreement does
not include General de la Rosa, nor his
brother, and the former has stated that
he will surrender in consideration of his
lack of defense and the exceptional situa
tion in which Colon is placed regarding
international interests as well as those of
his country.
"In faith of which we sign two copies
of this agreement, at place and on date
referred to.
"CARLOS ALBAN.
"DOMINGO DE LA ROSA."
Bluejackets and Marines Present.
Bluejackets and marines from the
United States battleship lowa and United
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
States gunboats Machias and Marietta,
with the commanders of .those war ves
sels and consular officers, were present at
the ceremony this morning of handing
over the city. Captain Perry of the bat
tleship lowa, as ranking United States
officer, took a prominent part in the cere
mony, which was begun at 11:30 o'clock.
There was. no music at the hauling down
of the flag of the Liberals, which for sev
eral minutes refused to be lowered. It
clung to the pole owing to the strong
wind. While the flag was being lowered
many of the Liberal soldiers, whose heads
were uncovered, burst Into tears.
General de la Rosa, In making the for
mal surrender, read an address, at the
close of which he shouted, "Viva Colom
bia." The insurgent soldiers around then
raised three cheers of "Viva, partido Lib
eral," and "Viva General de la Rosa."
After the cheering General de la Rosa,
with the insurgent soldiers, marched
down the street to the barracks, where
the United States marines and bluejack
ets took possession of the arms and am
munition.
General Alban, with 250 Government
troops, which had remained at Gatun, a
few miles from Colon, came into the city
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Rosa Prefers Imprisonment.
The Federal force was escorted by the
United States marines and bluejackets to
the cuartel, where General Alban re
ceived and kept General de la Rosa' 3
sword.
General de la Rosa, after handing over
his sword, said that according to the
agreement the insurgent soldiers in Colon
were not to be deprived of their lives and
liberty, but as for his brother and him
self he declared that they waived that
part of the agreement referring to them.
They preferred, he said, to be impris
oned, as their hearts were with ,the Lib
eral party. General Alban replied that
he needed General de la Rosa in Panama
for pacification purposes.
In delivering over of the city of Colon
to General Alban Captain Perry of the
battleship lowa made a brief speech.
Alter he had finished the Colombian war
ship General Pinzon, which was bedecked
with flags, blew her siren in celebration
of the -surrender. The General Pinzon is
lying close to the wharf.
United States marines are still guard
ing the piers and railroad station. The
French cruiser Suchet has landed ma
rines on the property of the French Canal
Company.
Government Loss Is Heavy.
The surrender has cast a gloom over the
city. The struggle for the last several
days to keep Alban's force from recap
turing Colon was made by about 200 Lib
eral volunteers, who fought against 700
Government soldiers, well equipped with
munitions of war. The Government lost
in killed and wounded during the fighting
more than 300 men, while the loss of the
Liberals was about fifty.
It is reported that the main force of
Liberals is still intact In the interior of
the department.
It is said that United States Consul
General Gudger has ascertained that the
Government troops broke faith on
Wednesday by using a freight train on
the Panama Railroad as a cover by firing
between the cars at the insurgents. The
Liberals say tnat they did not return the
fire while the train was passing, in obedi
ence to the regulations of the United
States authorities.
ELUEJACKETS WILL WITHDRAW
Surrender of Liberals Insures Free
Transit Across the Isthmus.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Peace has
apparently returned to Colon and Panama
and with free transit assured the United
States will immediately withdraw its blue
jackets. This satisfactory solution of the
isthmian trouble was reached as a result
of the defeat of the Liberal forces and the
intervention of American naval officers.
Consul General Gudger wired the State
Department to-day that the Insurgents
had been defeated and had surrendered at
Colon.
Captain Thomas Perry, senior naval offi
cer In command of the forces on the ißth
t
SCENES CONNECTED WITH THE INSURRECTION IN COLOMBIA,
WHICH ENDED YESTERDAY WHEN THE LIBERALS SURREN
DERED COLON TO THE GOVERNMENT FORCES.
mus, wired this dispatch to Secretary
Long:
"Arrangements for the surrender to-day
of Colon by the Liberal forces completed."
No fear Is entertained in official circles
that any European complications will
grow out of the isthmian trouble. Those
powers, including Germany, which have
ordered ships to Colombia, have been
careful to acquaint the United States with
their action and the instructions to com
manders of ships were to simply protect
the interests of their countrymen.
BTJLLEB. IS WARNED
TO CHECK PARTISANS
British Government May Make More
Disclosures if Too Much Enthu
siasm Prevails.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The correspondent
of the Times In Pretoria, where recent
dispatches giving the number of Boer
commandoes are supposed to have been
allowed to pass through the censorship
as a warning that more troops were
needed in South Africa, to-day sends a
sketch of the positions of the British col
umns and states explicitly that men are
needed to expedite the attrition of the
Boers, and that a further partitioning of
the country by lines of blockhouses is nec
essary to enable the British columns to
achieve greater results.
Seemingly fearing that an alliance be
tween pro-Bullerltes and the pro-Boers
during the demonstration to be held to
Arms Are Turned
Over in the Presence
of Foreigners*
Insurgents Are Given
Lif p and Liberty
to Yield.
morrow in Hyde Park in sympathy with
General Buller may be the beginning of a
serious anti-Government agitation the
Standard this morning semi-offlclally
warns General Buller that unless he
checks the extravagance of his partisans
the Government may be compelled to
make further disclosures which wUI cause
a revulsion of feeling against the general.
The Standard hints that General White
at first refused to regard General Bul
ler's heliogram as authentic, and when
it was deliberately repeated General
White decided to disobey it.
Railroad Rate War Expected.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 29»—
What is expected to develop into a de
termined rate war between the railroads
running into the Cripple Creek district
began to-day, when the announcement
was made that the Midland Terminal had
made a passenger rate of 50 cents between
Cripple Creek district points and Colorado
Springs, with Corresponding reductions to
other points. The Colorado Springs and
Cripple Creek district railway has not
yet taken action in regard to the cut. Th^
former rate to Colorado Springs was $2 50.
Pope's Nephew Attends Dinner.
ROME, Nov. 29.— A nephew of the Pope
has caused gossip by attending a dinner
given by the American Embassador. He
is the first member of the Pope's family
ever to attend a function given by a
representative accredited to the King of
Italy.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VENEZUELA
IS ON VERGE
OF A CRISIS
President Castro's Con
ceit Will Cause Him
Trouble.
United States, Germany and
Colombia Have Scores
to Settle.
Unless the Arrogant Chief Executive
Changes His Tactics He Will Be
Confronted by Foreign
Warships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, S.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The con
temptuous disregard by the present Gov
ernment of Venezuela of the rlght3 of
foreigners in that country and Its defiant
attitude in diplomatic intercourse with
other nations is steadily leading up to a
crisis, which, In the opinion of well-in
formed persons here, cannot be long de
layed. The United States, Germany and
Colombia have scores to settle with Gen
eral Castro, President of the republic,
who gained his present position by fore*
of arms, and is apparently seeking to re
unite all factions in hi 3 country through
an appeal to their patriotism to stand
firm against alleged foreign aggression.
In Refusing at this critical period in her
affairs to resume diplomatic relations with
Venezuela, the Government of Colombia
has thrown down a challenge which may
precipitate a conflict that will mean
either Castro's overthrow or his assump
tion of greater power than he now holds.
Predict an Early Clash.
Men here who have been observing th«
situation carefully with a better knowl
edge of what is going on than is possessed
by the press and people of the United
States look for a clash at an tarly day
that will make the turning point in the
fortunes of Castro.
The difficulties between the United
States and Venezuela were practically co
incident with the assumption of the pres
idency by Castro. His attitude toward this
Government in the asphalt controversy
was regarded by the United States as de
fiant and almost insulting. The course of
Che United States in rescinding the order
for gunboats to proceed to the port near
est the Pitch Lake region for the under
stood purpose of preventing the Venezue
lan authorities from dispossessing th«
New York and Bermudez Company waa
regarded by Castro a3 an indication of
fear of this Government to engage in hos
tilities with him. Although the transfer
of Che asphalt controversy to Venezuelan
courts for adjudication was believed to
have forestalled any prospect of a clash,
friction still exists and new causes have
arisen to bring about the resumption of
[he former uncertain situation.
President Castro' 3 Conceit.
Castro's treatment of Francis B. Loomi».
United States Minister to Venezuela, was
deeply resented by the Washington admin
istration, whose action in recalling
Loomis, however, was regarded by Castro
as another tribute to fear of his strength,
which he believed he had inspired in tha
minds of those controlling American af
fairs.
That Ca3tro has been encouraging th«
efforts to overthrow the present Con
servative Government of Colombia is gen
erally believed here. Colombia' 3 notice
to Venezuela that she will not resume
diplomatic relations has been confirmed
at the State Department in a telegram re
ceived to-day from Hart. United Statea
Minister at Bogota, and while this doe»
not necessarily mean a conflict will fol
low, it places the two republics in rela
tion's even more delicate than heretofore
existed.
Castro is threatened from still another
quarter. This Government ha 3 not been
unmindful of the tone of the German
press on the question of Germany's claims
against Venezuela. One newspaper's ut
terance, believed to be inspired. w,as to
the effect that Germany's only hesitation
in sending warships to Venezuela to maka
that country pay its indebtedness to Ger
man concerns came from a fear of run
ning afoul of the Monroe doctrine.
No Interference With Germany.
There is reason to believe the admin
istration is aware the Berlin Ministry is
even considering the matter with a view
to action.
While collection by forcible measures
of debts due foreign subjects by Latin
American republics Is not regarded with
favor by the United States there is lit
tle, if any, danger that this^Government
will attempt in any way to interfere with
Germany in making a demand on Ven
ezuela backed by a fleet of warships for
the fulfillment of governmental obliga
tions to German subjects.
From some source officials here have
obtained the impression that Castro is de
pending on the application by the United
States of the principle enunciated by Pres
ident Monroe to secure Immunity from
German disciplinary measures. That Cas
tro, if he holds that belief, is very much
mistaken is franKly admitted.
Hanna Gives Five Thousand.
CLEVELAND. 0.. Nov. 29.— Senator
Hanna to-day gave $5000 as his subscrip
tion to the Cleveland committee at th«
National McKlnley Memorial Association.2
LAWYER'S WORDS
AROUSE HUSBAND
Lookout Lynching Case
May Result in a
Tragedy.
Citizen Resents Mention of
His Wife as a "She Detec
tive/
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AETURAS. Nov. 29.— For a time to-day
the prospect for a "gun play," growing
out of the Lookout lynching case, ap
peared very rosy. During his examina
tion of a venireman this afternoon At
torney Raker, for the defense, asked if
the prospective juror were acquainted
with the "she detective." He referred to
Mrs. Summers, who is understood to
have given testimony against the lynch
ers before the Grand Jury. Raker was
promptly ca'.led to order by the court.
After the adjournment for the day Mrs.
Summers and her husband called upon
the lawyer for a retraction. For a few
minutes the situation looked decidedly in
teresting, but friends interfered and pre
vented a clash between the two men.
However, the feeling between them is
very bitter and there may yet be trouble.
Only one talesman was examined dur
ing the entire morning session of the
court. Henry Lorents. replying to a ques
tion by the prosecution, said that he did
not regard with favor an indictment by
the Grand Jury. He was challenged by
th» prosecution, and the challenge was
denied by the court. Liorenz later said
that he would not consider the indict
ment at all. Lorenz's brother some tim?
ago married a daughter of Calvin Hall,
one of the men hanged at Lookout, and
Lorenz after that time entertained no
friendly feeling toward the Halls. He
said that he was a personal friend of all
the defendants, but declared this would
have no effect upon his verdict. Under
further statements by Lorenz that he
would not under any circumstances con
vict on circumstantial evidence, he was
excused.
During the afternoon session three
talepmen were examined. Scott H. Clas
pill was passed. A. L. Page of Cedar
ville was next examined. He was asked
by the prosecution if he would be influ
enced in any way by the fact that at
taches of the Attorney General's office
were assisting the District Attorney of
this county in prosecuting the case. He
replied that he believed that he would
and. further, that he was opposed to the
presecution of the case at all. Sir. Post,
for the prosecution, then asked him if it
was not a fact that he believed that when
that mob hanged those five men at Look
out it did a good job. Page replied that
he thought they "did not do a bad one."
Page was "excused.
The examination of H. G. Holm was
not completed when court adjourned un
til morning. Four talesmen have now
been passed.
INCENDIARIES SET FIRE
TO TIENTSIN BARRACKS
Ttto Soldiers of the Welsh Fusileers
Perish in Their Burning
Quarters.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 29.— The
steamer Glenogle arrived to-day from Ihe
Orient. She brings news that the Japan
ese Cabinet has adjusted its financial af
fairs and loans will not be necessary dur
ing the next fiscal year. The main fea
ture of the new programme is that large
economies will be effected in the ordinary
expenditures and the departments will
pay into the treasury sums held by them
on" account of uncompleted works.
Big fires are reported from Tientsin.
The Welsh Fusileers' barracks were
among: the buildings destroyed and two
soldiers were burned to death. A fire also
occurred in the British barracks at Sinho.
The godowns of a Russian firm were de
stroyed and had there been much wind
half" of Tientsin would have been burner!.
All the fires were of incendiary origin.
There is iereat distress in the Yang-tse
Valley because of the floods. Thousands
of persons have been drowned and thou
sands are starving.
STRIKE AT ALEXANDRA
COLLIERIES AT AN END
Deputy Minister of Labor King Ef
fects Settlement and Men Re
turn to Work.
NAXAIMO, B. C. Nov. 29— Mackenzie
Kir.gr. Canadian Deputy Minister of La
bor, who was called to British Columbia
to inquire into the strike at Rossland,
terminated the trouble at the Alexandra
mines of the Wellington Coal Company
this morning just in time to prevent a
sympathetic strike at the other collieries
of the company, of which James Duns
muir. Premier .of British Columbia, is
president. This afternoon the hoisting
engines, which have been idle all week,
were rushing coal to the surface in the
endeavor to fill the holds of the waiting
chips at Oyster Harbor.
The principal points asked for by the
men— recognition of the union and the ad
justment of the price of stringete— had
been conceded, but a hitch had occurred
in the negotiations over the tonnage for
certain places. A suggestion from Mr.
King was accepted by both sides and the
men returned to work. No further trouble
is feared.
Kill Another Man's Steer.
RED BLUFF. Nov. 29.— Sheriff Bogard
has arrested J. V. O'Brien. James Rosell
and a man named Bradley for the kill
ing of a steer that did not belong to them.
Bradley, who was arrested first, was con
fronted with such conclusive evidence of
hip guilt that he made a confession im
plicating O'Brien and Rosell.
rTBOIP, 111.. Nov. 29.— Charles Evllsiser, the
CRy Marshal, and Henry Cameron of Ashley
Jourht a pirtol duel at a ball here last night.
Both win die.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE OFJDEAFNESS.
Ih<j Host Common Cause Only Re-
cently Discovered.
It has been stated on good medical au-
thority that nine-tenths of cases of deaf-
ness are caused from catarrh or from sore '
throat trouble.
The little tube •which ' leads to the ear i
from the throat Is lined with a sort of vel- <
vety structure called mucous membrane. !
This membrane Is simply a continuation
of the mucous membrane lining of the
throat. . When disease of any sort attacks i
the mucous membrane of the throat it is
very liable to extend into the Eustachian I
tube and ud into the ear.
The history of nearly all cases of deaf-
ness Is like this: a cold is contracted and
neglected, other colds are taken the
throat becomes sore and inflamed, which.
Ie aggravated t>y particles of dust and !
germs from the air. This condition causes
the disease to spread into the tube that
- leads to the ear.
.It seems a little far fetched to say that
most cases of deafness are caused from
catarrh, but ft is certainly true, and any '
one who has had a severe catarrhal cold !
must have noticed how the hearing was
affected while the cold lasted.
With catarrh sufferers this impairment
- of hearing becomes chronic and grows i
worse the longer the catarrh is neglected ]
You -can cure catarrh and deafness by '
the regular use of an excellent new prepa-
ration called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets i
composed of antiseptic remedies, which act
- both on the mucous membranes but prin-
cipally and most effectually on the blood
eliminating the catarrhal poison irom the i
system.
People whose hearing is defective may |
think it a little "remarkable that a simple ¦
and harmless tablet would very often re- |
move all traces of deafness, but when it
Is remembered that catarrh causes :_ the
deafness and that the catarrh is easily
cured by the regular use of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets there is no mystery about it.
If you are subject to nasal catarrh or I
catarrh of throat, . bronchial tubes or ca- !
tarrh of stomach and liver, the safest and !
most effective treatment is the new ca- i
tarrh specific, Stuart* Catarrh Tablets,
Fold by all druggists at 50 cents for full-
sized package.
SOCIETY BELLES DISPLAY GORGEOUS GOWNS
AT ENTRE NOUS AND LA JEUNESSE PARTIES
TKE new ballroom of the Palace
Hotel presented a brilliant scene
last eyening, the occasion being
the second assembly and gerir.an
given by the members of the
Entre Nous Cotillon Club. There was a
large attendance. Six pretty and intricate
figures of the cotillon were danced under
the leadership of Sanford G. Lewald ami
Miss Pearl C. Haas.
Among the figures presented was the
•flag of all nations." The various sets
were furnished with vari-colored Hags
and at the proper moment they were
waved to the accompanying strains of the
orchestra. In the "arbor" figure the
ladies were presented with colored lan
terns. The lights in the ballroom were
lowered and the intricate figure was
danced with the aid of the lights furn
ished by the dancers. Japanese umbrellas
were used in another pretty figure and
added to the general effect.
Miss Haas is a daughter of the late
George W. Haas. She is a petite blonde.
She was attired in a handsome gown of
pink brocaded silk, trimmed with cream
lace and narrow white velvet ribbon.
Miss Lillian Lubben was attired in a
beautiful gown of white silk with an over
dress of black jetted lace with garlands of
white roses over the shoulders and in the
Miss Ella yon Kapff was gowned in
white chiffon trimmed with lace
In the leading set were the following
members:
Misses Ida Pariser, Josephine D. Jones, Ethfrl
¦Way Irene Meussdorffer, Almee Auger. Lil
lian Breilinr. Lillian Curley, Mabel Hamilton,
Helen Brunlng, Ethel Boyd, Mabel Kergan,
Palsy Hugsins. Virginia Potter. Ida Purlensky.
Pauline Ryder, G. Moss Coleman, Kathryn
Meyer Alma. Schroeder, May Curley, Rose
LIST OF O'BRIEN'S
VICTIMS GROWS
Fourth Murder Is Added
to Dawson Outlaw's
Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 29.— J. H.
Seely of the Northwest mounted police
secret service, who was instrumental in
working up the evidence against O'Brien,
the murderer who was hanged in Dawson
severeal months ago, is authority for the
story of a crime committed by O'Brien
previously to the three murders for which
ie weat to the gallows. Seely says that
the details were learned only a few days
ago. The man who was killed was
named Hannaford. "Kid" West, the con
vict recently pardoned, says that in the
spring of 1898 he and O'Brien went cut
one night on the trail pear Dawson to
hold up some one. A man was met and
robbed in the usual manner. O'Brien,
with his insatiable lust for murder, was
not content with getting money, and
struck the victim upon the head with a
lead pipe about two feet long. The man
dropped in his tracks. West then dis
covered that instead of the victim being
merely knocked senseless he was dead.
He so remarked to O'Brien, who simply
B "We'll have to throw him in the river."
The body was then thrown into the
river and drifted down to where it was
afterward found. In August of 1899 two
constables were sent from Forty Mile to
the boundary line for duty. While on
their way down it was reported to them
that the "body of a man was lying on the
beach. A search was made and the body
found The police buried the corpse and
marked the grave with a board bearing
the following inscription: "An unknown
man found and buried by Northwest
mounted police, August 3, 1899." Since
coming from the north Seeiy has learned
the victim's name.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The steamer St. Paul,
which will sail from Southampton to-morrow
for New York, will have among her passengers
Lady Pauncefote, wife of the British Embas
sador to the United States, and John R^ Car
ter, second secretary of the United States em
base; 1 in London, and Mrs. Carter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
Cuneo, Elizabeth Baker, Edith Stadtfeld, Nelle
Blakey, Edna Sullivan. Evelyn Sresovich, Grace
Cashin Eva Dolan, CamiUe Nelson, Lillian
Dunbar, Messrs. Dr. W. A. Ellis, Ernest |
Brand Jr. Harry T. Bailey. Otto F. Schiller,
•William J. Haas, Martin Hurenberg, E. W.
Gordan, William F. Hooke, Harry A. Saxe. E.
J. Breiling. H. H. Sagehorn, Fred Cellariu*,
David B. Torres, J. B. Adams. Wesley Claw-
FOn, Harry C. Johnson. Dr. A. W. Baker, John
Breuner. William Stadtfeld, Dr. Calvin W.
Knowles. Percy C. Windham, Victor La Motte,
William Westerfeld, Alton Dayton, M. E.
Ga'nes, I. Bateman, Louis Haven, J. L. Ful
ton, M. V. Politeo and H. L. Cunningham.
A% midnight supper was served in the
banquet hall adjoining the ballroom. The
guests sat at six long tables. During the
banquet the scene was animated and pic
turesque.
On New Year's eve the Entre Nous in
tend giving another cotillon.
? • •
The cotillon given by La Jeunesse in
Native Sons' Hall last evening was an
event that will live long in the memory
of the social set. It was in a measure a
military ball. Officers of the army and
navy presented a martial appearance in
their resplendent uniforms. Military trap
pings were used in the various figures
with grand effect. Debutantes handled
sabers, flags and guns with the familiar
ity of veterans. The hall was magnifi
cently decorated for the occasion.
From the center of the hall hung a can
opy of flags and streamers of red, white
and blue were caught at the aides of the
gallery by clusters of small flags. The or
chestra played patriotic marches and
melodies behind potted plants.
Lieutenant Conrad Babcock of the
United States army and Ensign E. R.
Miller of the navy led the cotillon. The
patronesses of the cotillon were:
Mrs. William H. Mills. Mrs. A. H. Voorhies,
Mrs. William McKittrick. Mrs. John D. Spreck
BECOMES MANIAC
IN PRISON CELL
Woman Accused of Rob
bery Gives Way Un
der Disgrace.
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 29.— Raving for her
freedom and tearing her unkempt hair
and clothing, Mrs. Mary Clarke paces the
Insane cell of the County Jail, apparent
ly a hopeless maniac. Her mind has be
come deranged from brooding over a
charge of robbery against her and the
possibility of being sent to the peniten
tiary.
Mrs. Clarke's case is a peculiar one.
Three weeks ago she came from Sacra
mento with her infant child to become
housekeeper for John Horan, a railroad
attache living in Copley. Ten days ago
Horan went to call his housekeeper and
found only her babe. The woman had
disappeared. A trunk in the room, con
taining the jewels of Mrs. Htfran, who
died recently, had been broken open and
diamonds, a watch, necklace and trinkets
valued at nearly $1000 had been taken.
Thirty-six hours later Mrs. Clarke was
arrested in a suburb of Redding. She
sJB-id she was going to Anderson, ten
miles below here. She had walked
through the rugged, brush-covered hills
from Copley. Her shoes were worn and
torn from her feet and her skirt was in
ribbons. She denied having taken the
jewels and had none upon her. She hint
ed that she had been insulted by Horan.
She cried for her babe. A short sickness
in prison was followed by violent in
sanity.
Mrs. Clarke is a handsome woman of 30
years.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Carl H. Hoffman, the
stenographer who was in the employ of the
Isthmian Canal Commission, and who was ar
rested in this city Tuesday night on a warrant
issued in the District of Columbia, charging
him w^th selling reports of the commission,
was taken to Washington to-day by a United
States ¦ Marshal.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Broroo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
DEBUTANTES WHO PARTICIPATED
IN COTILLON AND TWO BELLES
WHO WILL AID CHURCH BAZAAR.
els, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. A. W. Foster
of San Rafael, Mrs. McClung, Mrs. H. E.
Huntington and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins.
» ? ?
Mrs. Benjamin Cohen and ?ier daughter,
Miss Jane Cohen, assisted by Mrs. Han
nah Pinto, will receive their friends at
their new residence, 3019 Laguna street,
next Tuesday afternoon.
• * *
J. E. M. Taylor of Chico and Miss Mar
guerite Boyce ojf San Francisco were
married in Orovflle on Wednesday last.
The ceremony was performed at the home
of Mrs. W. A. Palmer, a sister of the
groom. The couple will reside in Chico.
* » »
Everything is in readiness for the ba
zaar to be given this evening for the bene
fit of the English Evadfeelical Lutheran
Church. The affair is to be held in Mis
sion Opera Hall. An excellent musical
programme will be rendered. The bazaar
will continue Monday, Tuesday and Wed
nesday evenings. The various booths will
be presided over by the following com
mittees:
Executive— Mrs. E. M. Stensrud, Mrs. A.
Sonderup, Mrs. H. Schroeder, Miss Sophie
Hansen and Miss Lulu Lucky.
Finance— H. Olsen and A. Sonderup.
Decoration — Mrs. L. Larsen and Mrs. J. Car
penter.
Programme— Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Mrs. E.
M. Stensrud and Mrs. P. Paulsen.
Booths: Ladies' Aid No. I— Mrs. P. Paulsen
and Mrs. Brunn.
Ladles' Aid No. 2— Mrs. J. Engell and Mrs.
M. Mikkelsen.
Ladies' Aid No. 3— Mrs. M. S. Smith and
Mrs A. B. Gudmundsen.
Young Ladies' Aid No. I—Miss1 — Miss Marie Son
derop. Miss Annie Bensen and Mrs. N. Lucky.
Young Ladies' Aid No. 2— Miss Alfrida P«t
tersen. Miss Emily Olsen and Miss Ida Gibson.
Japanese tea— Miss Olga Olsen, Miss Helen
Hansen and Miss -Ingebor,< Nilsen.
Ice cream — Miss Dora Knudsen, Miss Lulu
Lucky, Miss Sophie Hansen. Miss Lulu Krull,
Miss Selma Olsen, Miss Clara Olsen and Miss
Bekke Bensen.
Lemonade, candy, etc.— Miss Agnes Andersen,
Miss Ida Broneer, Miss Henrikka Hansen and
Miss Sophie Faber.
Refreshments— Mrs. J. Olsen, Mrs. A. Son
derup, Mrs. H. Schroeder, Miss Alnja Reimers
and Mies Blanche Reimers.
Ushers— Oscar Olsen, J. J. Olsen Jr., John
ENTICES A GIRL
FROM HER HOME
Mrs. Ella Pinard Faces
Serious Charge in
San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— E11a Pinard, who
has gained much notoriety from being
the flret wife of Fred H. Pinard, now held
in the County Jail on a charge of bigamy,
occupied a cell adjoining that of her hus
band last night. The woman, who is also
known as Ella Alvord, was accused of
vagrancy, but the more serious charge of
enticing Beulah Martin, a 17-year-old girl,
from her home in East San Jose to enter
upon an immoral life in San Francisco
Is to be preferred. Mrs. Pinard was ar
rested in San Francisco by Detective
Anthony on a vagrancy charge swore to
by John Martin, who claim? the woman
induced his daughter to leave home.
Mrs. Pinard was cooking in a restau
rant in San Francisco when arrested. De
tective Anthony says that Beulah Martin
has been staying at 17 Turk street, but as
soon as the associates of Mrs. Pinard
learned of her arrest they spirited the
girl away and hid her.
Mrs. Pinard pleaded guilty before Jus
tice Wallace to-day on a charge of vag
rancy, but sentence was suspended on
her promise to reveal the whereabouts of
Miss Martin.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— Stockholders of the Bur
lington met again to-day, but adjourned until
December 6. No reason Is given for the re
peated postponements.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Tiles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where it fails to cure any
case of piles, no matter of now lons standing.
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst
cases in fourteen days. One application jrlves
ease anfl rest. Believes Itching instantly. This
is a new discovery, and is the only pile rem
edy sold on a positive puarantee, no cure no
pay. A free sample will be sent by mail to
any one sending their name and address.
Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep it in
stock send 5Cc in stamps and we will forward
a full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. LouU, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. *
Olsen, J. Tellefsen and A. Reimers.
Hat -room— A. W. Hogrebe, O. Thompsen,
John Smith and E. Sonderup.
Door— C. Claussen, A. Pettersen, H.
Schroeder and T. Tonnesen.
* * *
The entertainment and ball given in Na
tive Sons' Hall last Thursday night by the
Webster Dramatic Company was a great
success. The hall was crowded with
friends of the amateurs and those who
took part in the rendition of the rural com
edy drama entitled "Hick'ry Farm" wore
applauded for their clever work. Miss Cella
Celler scored a hit. She has a sweet voice
and displays much talent in her work.
Harry Stenge, John C. Morris and Mis 3
1. Lyons also did good work. The cast
was made ud as follows:
Ezekiel Fortune, "W. A. Lyons; Urlch Skin
ner, Jack Morris; Gilbert Darkwood, H. Stengt;
Lawrence McKeegan, A. J. Lyons;- Detective
Rankin, B. Michels; Jessie Fortune. Miss C.
Celler; Mrs. Prescilla Dodge, Miss H. Lyons.
At the close of the performance the floor
was cleared and dancing was enjoyed
until a late hour.
Mrs. William Cluff will give a tea in
honor of her daughter this afternoon.
A tea will be given at the California Ho
tel this afterifoon by Mrs. General War
field.
The international doll exhibit will be
shown for the first time on this coast at
the annual reception of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel on December 3,
4, 5, 6 and 7. This collection of dolls num
bers 400. Among them are many old and
CREDITORS HAIL
MECHAM'S LUCK
Texas Oil Fields Yield
Riches to Bankrupt
Speculator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 29.— George B. Mecham,
formerly one of the largest mining oper
ators and townsite speculators in this
State, has pleased a large number of cred
itors and friends by sending money to
Spokane and Molson for the payment of
debts contracted by .him during the
"boom" times some years ago. News
comes from New York that in the past
few months. Mecham has cleared more
than $250,000 in oil speculations. He hur
ried to Beaumont when oil was struck in
Texas and has since been making money
rapidly. Going to New York and Mon
treal he promoted several oil concerns
and seems destined to become a million
aire.
Mecham has the reputation of being a
money maker and plays for big stakes,
having already made and lost three for
tunes. Six years ago, while operating on
the Colorado Springs stock exchange, his
profits for several months exceeded 5100,
00. One of his luxuries was a private
wire between Chicafgo and Colorado
Springs for which he paid $22,000 yearly.
Three days after President Cleveland's
famous Venezuelan message he was prac
tically "broke."
When the southern half of the Colville
Indian reservation was opened Mecham
became interested in mines in that lo
cality. He bonded the Lest claims obtaina
ble, organized a syndicate in Montreal
and platted the town of Molson, in the
heart of a rich agricultural and mining
section. At a critical Juncture his Mon
treal backers withcrew. Mecham was
left in the air, owing his creditors large
sums. Soon afterward he went East and
little was heard of h!m until news came
of the fortune he made in oil speculation.
Present indications are that every man
whom he owed will be paid in full with
interest.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., Nov. 29.— Private
Albert Francis, Fourth Cavalry, was killed at
Fort Leavenworth to-day by his horse falling
on him. The back of, the young soldier's head
was crushed in.
New Figures Are
Danced by the
Guests.
Debutantes Enjoy
Their First
Ball
Banquets Are Pre
pared by
Hosts,
Rich Deeoratiohs
in the Palace
Room.
rare dolls. The collection comprises dolls
of the whole world ana has, been exhibit
ed throughout this country. The recep
tion will be given under the auspices of
the board of managers. They are as fol
lows: •
Mrs. R. B. Sanchez. Mrs. C. E. Gibbs. Mm.
G. W. Kline. Mrs. James Xewlands Mrs. S.
L. Foster. Mrs. P. I. Asbury, Mrs. B. E Bab
cock, Mrs. George L. Baiter. Mrs. Phillip Ca
duc, Mrs. Alfred Clarke. Mrs. J. F. D. Curtis,
Mrs. John Landers. Mrs. E. J. Lion, Mrs. J.
V. D. Middleton. Mrs. A. M. Prindle, Mrs. M.
A. Ramus, Mrs. George Reed. Mrs. John I.
Sabln. Mrs. Louis C. Sanford. Miss Selby, Mrs.
George Sneath. Mrs. F. L. Southack, Mrs. E.
M. Spaldlng and Mrs. George Wellington.
SEAMEN ABE NEEDED
IN THE GBOWING NAVY
International Union Considers the
Present Personnel of the Mer
chant Marine.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Nov. 29.— The com
mittee on resolutions of the convention
of the international Seamen's Union of
America reported to-day. The report
was adopted. The bill Introduced in the
last Congress to amend the laws relating
to American seamen and to improve the
personnel of the merchant marine was
indorsed and its reintroduction urged.
The report of the committee calls atten
tion to the undermanning of all classes
of vessels. The employment of Asiatics
as sailors is condemned. Attention is
called to the loss of the Rio Janeiro and
the conduct of the Chinese crew on that
vessel when she was wrecked near San
Francisco.
"We would insist," the report continued,
"that if our country is to be able to use
its growing navy seamen must be pro
vided and preferably native seamen. Un
less the American boy can be induced to
seek the sea for a livelihood there will
be no field from which the navy can be
recruited In time of need. It is idle and
dangerous to depend upon foreigners to
defend at all times the honor of the flag
under which they serve as mercenaries "
Congress is petitioned for an increased
appropriation for the marine hospital ser
vice.
Ono Failure Causes Three Others.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 29.— As a result
of the failure of Thomas Earle, M. P.,
three minor failures were announced to
day. Tliey are: R. H. Jameson, grocer-
Alfred Magnesen, Mr. Earle's confidential
clerk and his partner In various enter
prises, and the Clayquot Canning Com
pany, the chief shareholders of which are
Messrs. Earle and Magrnesen. „
What are Humors?
They are vitiated or raorbid fluids cours-
ing the veins and affecting the tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes inherited.
How do they manifest themselves ?
In many forms of cutaneous eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and boils,
and in weakness, languor, general debility.
How are they expelled ?. By
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which also builds up the system that has
Buffered from them.
t* is the best medicine for all humors.
HEAVY RAINFALL
CAUSES A SLIDE
Wall of Earth Crashes
Down Upon Sierra
Railway.
Construction Force Has Nar
row Escape From Burial
Alive.
ANGELS, Nov. 29.— The heavy rainfall
of the past few days caused an immense
landslide on the new extension of the
Sierra railway, near Robinson Fenry, oa
Wednesday night. There is a big cut at
that point and a wall of earth eighty
feet high and 100 feet in length waj
loosened by the moisture and slid down
upon the track. The wagon road also
was covered to a great depth. The con
struction gang had a narrow escape, as
the camp was moved just the evening
previous to the accident. It would have
been completely covered by earth had it
remained where it was. A large force of
men is engaged in clearing the track and
wagon road, but it will take some time to
move all of the loose dirt.
The rainfall at this place for the storm
was 1.61 inches, making a total of B.<B
inches for the season, against 11.60 a year
ago Many mines will now be started, as
there is sufficient water to keep them
Nov. 29.— For the twenty
four hours ending at 7 o'clock this morn
ing 2.45 inches of rain fell here, making
12 81 inches for the season. It wa3 the
"wettest" Thanksgiving on record.
ADVEBTisEaoarrs.
Our great specialty is the
manufacture of children's vehi-
cles — take pride in the qual-
ity of our work, and always study
to produce the best article at the
lowest price,^
We particularly direct atten-
tion to • our Hood Carriage, as
illustrated. It is nicely uphol-
stered, has the very best springs
and the latest improved rubber-
tire wheels.
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS,
227 SUTTEB ST.
For an Evening Call
A man's linen should be immaculate.
Your linen will be immaculate If you send
it to this laundry. We do only first class
work, and when it comes to linen we're
far in the lead. Lots of people know this.
A trial of our work will convince you*
We call for and deliver.
No saw edges. • .' ¦ j
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Str««C
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Off lc»— s4 San Pablo Aye.
—
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
SANTA CUDS f •
9 AT H
1 NOME |
¦ > ¦
| Persons desiring to ¦
, send packages not ex- j
a ceeding five pounds to ¦
| St. Michael, Nome 2 .
a and vicinity can do so n
¦ through the =j
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY: .
a Room 128, Crocker 5
¦Building, before De- g
¦ cember 6. §
¦ i
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsa
drink
V IC H V
! Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
' ago BROADWAY. N. T.
| BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
\ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market at., 3. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
gift CHICHC4TERS ENGUSH
Pennyroyal pills
H *— <£"TV „ . _™ «>''ltfn»l and Only Genuine.
¦.MKffl.'.* CHIC^JSSTEIVS
'"a JT-lirg h li;il< ' rib * <>I »- Take no other. Rcl'um
If* ?^ SW •*¦'»«««¦<»¦• Substitution* and Imfta.
IL • '* Hi O< "» '5"7 2£ 7<"»"- Onggit*. or wad 4<r. In
I<L A lt^fS*» s> . r . P»rtleHlmr». Tmlaonl.lt
\** . R ""» " jj««rf «>r L*dlea,»tn Ittur, ~>ii£,
«\^V turiHill, l»,«M»T<>.tfmoni«l.. 3oM&»DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
i I M TT UA H T aUAQ A I " continued the medicine until I had takes
11 V llUfi.ll ! ill Vli COAI I nine bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
**J "v«u. **~J " ww " scription and nine bottles of his 'Golden
Medical. Discovery' and' six vials of
1 his 'Pleasant Pellets.' I also followed
Sudden Blindness and Dizzi- special directions for home treatment
.««,,« \m,«4- r»o^«, T*» (which, he advised), and the result was
neSS. Wnat OaUSeS it T wonderful. My bad feelings left me and
! I can work with comfort now. I give
- '•''¦- all the praise to Dr. Pierce and his
The first step to the finding of a cure remedies, for I believe they saved my
for any disease is to find its cause. And life. Our family physician said I could
it's a notable fact that the cause of a not get well.
disease may be quite remote from its « You can publish this, for lam willing
manifestations. Headache, spots before to let others know how much I suffered
the eyes and dizziness are only symptoms and what cured me when others failed."
of disease. When the experienced phy- « Favorite Prescription makes weak
sician is confronted with these symptoms women strong and sick women well. It
in a woman he enquires at once as to , establishes regularity, and dries the of-
the condition of the womanly health. fensive drains which undermine the
He knows that the general "health is strength. It heals inflammation and ul-
intimately related to the local womanly ceration and cures female weaknses. It
health, and from the very symptoms he positively cures the nervousness, sleep-
argues derangement or disease of the lessness, backache and similar. ailments
delicate womanly organism. So far he which are caused by disease of : the
is right But when he begins to treat womanly organs. It is the best prepara-
the disease he has located how often he tive for maternity. It cures morning
- _ _ c! " 1 "' M ° gives great physi-
_ cal vitality and vigor and
i makes the baby's advent
-I would have very hard headaches and blind spells- j£ c^ o^ P 2Sfa|}
fails. In the letter of 'Mrs. Douglass diseases which had failed to yield to the
given below, she says that in ten years treatment of local physicians, and which
of suffering she tried seven doctors with- in many cases, as in that of Mrs. Doug-
out permanent benefit. Her family phy- glass, had been pronounced incurable.
Bcian said she could not get well. Yet Many women write to Dr. : Pierce for
what seven doctors failed to do was his medical advice and the wise and
perfectly and permanently accomplished fatherly counsel which are the outcome
by Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. of more than thirty years of practice and
• There is no experiment in the use of this success. Dr. Pierce gives to every sick
medicine. It has cured thousands of woman the privilege of free consultation
women of the most distressing forms of with him by letter. This offer is not to
womanly disease. be confounded with those offers of free
VHAT CURED ME when others failed. m ? ical ad ™£ made by men or women
who are not physicians and are not qual-
¦ For ten years I suffered with female figd legally or medically to give the
trouble, also catarrh of the stomach, advice they offer. *
liver and kidney troubles, and catarrh A u correspondence is held as sacred,
of the bladder," writes Mrs. Lottie M. an( j the written confidences of women
Douglass, of Glenmore, Oneida Co., N.Y. are guarded by the same strict profes-
* I would have very hard headaches and si ona i privacy observed by Dr. Pierce in
blind spells stomach and bowels used his daily personal consultation with sick
to bloat a great deal, and I was troubled women. Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
with beanng-down pains all the time. Do not- accept a substitute for Dr. ;
Tongue cannot tell how much I suffered Pierces Favorite Prescription. There is
from nervousness. / used to think I no motive for substitution except to- en-
ihould lose my mind, my head would able the dealer to make the little more
feel so bad. My heart was so bad that profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
the least excitement, and even to turn medicines,
over in bed, would cause palpitation. 2I pennies
Had female weakness so bad for three is a small sum but it will bring you a big
Tears that I was in bed most of the time, and valuable book. For 21 one-cent
in fact could scarcely be on my feet at stamps to pay expense of mailing only
all. I tried seven different doctors, but you .will receive free on request a copy
received no lasting benefit. I was en- of Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
tirely discouraged when I wrote to Dr. Adviser, in paper covers, containing over
Pierce, stating my case. He advised me 1000 large pages and more than 700
to try his remedies, and I did so. The illustrations. The book bound in cloth
first bottle I took helped me, and the will be sent for 31 stamps. Address Dr.
bloat be^an to go out of my stomach. I R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
EVIDENCE MAY
AMAZE A JURY
Case in Chicago Court
Gives Promise of
Sensation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— A sensational
outline of the State's contention of the
case wherein Alexander Sullivan, a law
yer, is charged with conspiring to keep
out of the State James J. Lynch, a for
mer bailiff, charged with jury-bribing,
was given. to a jury in Judge Smith's
court here to-day.
Attorneys Frederick St. John, Edward
W. Maber and George P. Murray, a rail
road detective, were indicted with Sulli
van on the conspiracy charge, but Sulli
van secured a separate trial. Both Indict
ments were voted, following the unex
pected return of Lynch after nearly three
years spent as a fugitive. The case out
lined to the jury was founded chiefly on
the story told by Lynch to the grand
jury. Briefly, Assistant State's Attorney
Barnes' statement was as follows:
L-ynch was a bailiff of good -reputation,
but* in a suit for damages against the
West Chicago Street Railway, Sullivan
being counsel for the defendant, he was
prevailed upon to bribe a juror to work
against the Interests of the plaintiff. The
bribery was discovered. Lynch was in
dicted, arrested and released on bonds.
George P. Murray. Barnes declared, was
sent by Sullivan to Lynch, and arranged
a meeting between Lynch and Sullivan.
The latter insisted on Lynch taking
, flight. Lynch demurred and accused Sill
's van of "ruining his good name," but
/ R-as eventually persuaded, "for the good
of all concerned," to depart. . He went to
New York and thence to Canada.
Sullivan was to pay him 575 per month,
but Lynch found this was not enough
and the sum was raised to $150 a month.
He was also given $4500 to reimburse him
for his loss in jumping his bail. bond. He
spent most of his time in Canada. An
effort was made to get him to go to Nica
ragua but he refused. He was constant
ly in 'fear that, his life would be taken.
After two years' absence, filled with re
morse and longing for his family. Lynch
made up his- mind to return to Chicago.
His resolution was strengthened by the
alleged fact that the monthly, remittances
had ceased. . , - ¦
The greatest care was exercised in se
lecting a jury to try the case. Several
venires were exhausted. Both the prose
cution and defense maintained a special
corps of detectives to look up the ante
cedents of every venire man.
Ends His Life Iry Accident.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Nov. 2ft.— J. W. Mcßae,
president of the Canadian Railway Acci
dent Insurance Company, and vice presi
dent da number of companies, accident
hoi and killed himself in his office
t"-(iay while engaged in cleaning his re-
' TUT) HARBORS, Minn.. Nov. 29.— Mack
Slontroy and Dave Cummins, employed in one
of the lumber camps, secured some stuff they
(supposed was alcohol and drank It. An hour
later both were dead. Another also drank the
mixture and la in a serious condition.
SILVER COINS
FOR FILIPINOS
Recommendations on the
Currency Question
Are Made.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.—Accompany
ing the annual report of Secretary Gage
is a report made by Special Commissioner
Charles A. Conant, who was sent to the
Philippines to investigate the currency
question. His recommendations are sub
mitted to Congress for its action. The
most important are;
There should be a distinctively Philip
pine coin of silver, which shall be legal
tender for 50 cents in gold, to be called
the peso, and to contain twenty-five
grammes of silver. The coin is to be is
sued in such quantities as trade requires
and sustained at a, parity wtih gold by
limitation of the arrrount coined. The
Mexican silver dollar and other coins
shall cease to be legal tender after a cer
tain date.
It also is recommended that national
banks in both the Philippines and the
Tnited States should have authority to
establish branches throughout the islands
and in the United States. Power to issue
notes should not be extended to any bank
having a capital of less than Jsoo,o(k>.
Mortgage banks with a capital not less
than $1,000,000 are recommended to make
loans on real estate.
It is recommended that the Treasurer
of the United States be authorized to re
ceive deposits from the Government of
the Philippine Islands, and that the treas
ury of the Philippine Islands may be
designated by the Secretary of War as a
legal depository of public money.
HURL THEIR VICTIM
THBOUSH HEAVY GLASS
Chicago Highwaymen Rob Pedestrian
and Use Him in Battering-Ram
Fashion.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— J. W. Rogge was
attacked this morning by two highway
men on Fifth avenue, near Madison
street, and while one of them choked him
into helplessness the other went through
his pockets, securing a small amount of
money. The thugs then picked him up
and threw him through a large plate
glass restaurant window.
The men took to their heels, with a
crowd in pursuit, but finally dodged up
an alley and escaped. Rogge's body had
gone half way through the window, but
beyond a few painful cuts and bruises he
was not seriously injured.
Victims of a Mine Explosion.
OF RAY. Colo.. Nov. 29.— M. Lennetti
was killed and John Negro had both eyes
destroyed and received other injuries
which it is believed will prove fatal, as
the result of a premature explosion in
the Revenue mine to-day. Both men were
Italians and single.
LOGAN, Ohio. Nov. 29.— Another big "gush
er" hap been drilled in Hocking County. The
new well is flowing 6000 cubic feet per twenty
four hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
POISON HASTENS
EARL LI'S DEATH
Chinese An
ticipates Coming of
the Reaper.
Account of His Alleged Sui
cide Is Permitted in a
Japanese Paper.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 29.— 1n a Jap
anese paper, which arrived on the liner
Glenogle to-day, it is declared that Li
Hung Chang took poison to hasten his
death. Realizing that his end was near,
and that there was no hope of relief from
sunering except in death, the aged Chi
nese statesman is said to have committed
suicide.
Japanese papers received on the Glen
ogle have long articles commenting on the
events in the career of Li Hung Chang,
and they all agree, that the big mistake
of his life was his policy toward Korea,
which brought about the war with Japan.
Others add that he was about to repeat
the mistake- by his advances to Russia.
It is said that when he realized that the
end was near he telegraphed to Prince
Ching, urging him to return to Peking,
and advised that Yung Lv be appointed
his successor. He urged other leaders to
come to Peking and take up the fight for
their country.
In spite of Li's precarious condition M.
Lessary, the Russian Minister, continued
to press the dying statesman to sign the
Manchurian treaty.
SENATOR WITHDRAWS
FROM POPULIST PARTY
Heitfeld of Idaho Announces His Af
filiation With the Democratic
Party.
BOISE, Idaho, Nov. 29.— United States
Senator Henry Heitfeld of this State -has
addressed a letter to D. H. Andrews of
this city, chairman of the Populist State
Central Committee, announcing his with
drawal from the Populist party and his
affiliation with the Democracy. After re
cifing the history of the Populist party
the letter says:
"Since both the Democratic and People s
parties now are striving for the same pur
pose I am unable to see why we should
keep up separate organizations, since by
combining forces in name as well as in
fact we can better subserve the interests
of the great principles we advocate."
He concludes by asking Andrews to call
the State committee together, expressing
the hope that it will approve his action
and unite with him in an affiliation with
the dominant element of the Democratic
party. When seen to-night about the let
ter Chairman Andrews indicated that he
did not approve of Senator Heitfeld's ac
tion and that he would reply to the Sen
ator's letter instead of calling the com
mittee together.
PROMINENT STOCKMEN
GATHERING IN CHICAGO
Half a Million Visitors Are Expected
to Attend the Great Ex
hibition.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— Stockmen are be
ginning to pour into Chicago for the meet
ing of the National Livestock Associa
tion next week and to attend the big stock
show which opens here to-morrow.
The Exposition building is already com
fortably crowded and many new entries
arrived to-day. The exposition covers
twenty acres of ground, fitteen acres of
which are under roof. With cheap rail
road rates granted to the exposition from
all sections of the country, the manage
ment expresses confidence that fully half
a million people will be drawn to Chi
cago next week. The fares made are
cheaper than those granted at the time
of the World's Fair or for the Buffalo
Exposition. .
¦ The judging of stock will begin on Mon
day. Tuesday the fifth annual conven
tion of the National Livestock Associa
tion will convene in Studebaker Hall and
continue up to and including Friday.
MINERS ARE INJURED
IN A SHAFT DISASTER
Men Drop Seven Hundred Feet and
Rescuing Party Finds Them
Terribly Injured.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., Nov. 29.— At
the Lambert mines, near Masontown,
eight men, after dropping 700 feet down
a mine shaft, were all brought to the sur
face, living, but with three dying and the
others probably fatally hurt.
Just as they got aboard the cage the
cable parted and the cage dropped. The
cage on the opposite side was immediate
ly loaded with a rescue party, who found
the men lying unconscious on the floor
of the cage with crushed chests, broken
arms and legs and in some cases the
bones protruding through the flesh. One
man's skull was fractured.
Two of the injured miners were Ameri
cans and the other six Hungarians. The
names of but three of them could be
learned. They are Peter Babyoka, Steve
Lohtinska and Vincent Conaty.
PASSENGERS ARE HURT .
IN TRAIN COLLISION
Special Crashes Into a Freight Be
cause of a Misunderstanding
of Orders.
SYRACUSE, N. x., Nov. 29.— Twelve
persons were injured in a rear-end colli
sion between a special and a freight on
the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
near Tully Station early to-day.
The special was bringing home a large
party of Syracuse Knights of Columbus,
who had been attending lodge festivities
there. The engineer thought that the
freight had taken the siding at Tully,
when he suddenly saw the caboose di
rectly ahead of him. The engineer and
fireman jumped, sustaining slight in
juries. The caboose was smashed and the
passenger cars slightly damaged. Those
seriously injured are: Henry Quigley,
Syracuse, interally injured, leg bruised;
Charles Sullivan. Syracuse, internally in
jured; William P. Sweeney, Oswego, pos
scible internal injuries and scalp wounds.
Fire Destroys College Building.
RALEIGH, N. C, Nov. 29.— Wataugh
Hall, used as a dining-room, kitchen and
dormitory by the Agricultural and Me
chanical College, which is outside of the
city limits, was destroyed by fire to-night
entailing a loss of $10,000.
X >By -
mtjp -^^ GILBERT
Inb >^ arkeB
\right\
NrWAY
The best " " •*
selling; book . '^ky
in the United
States. * '""^^L.
Cloth, $1.50 De Luxe, $7.50
 By order only ;'.'>¦ •.'•''. .^B
HARPER & BROTHERS
Franklin Square . New York
DOUBTS STORY
OF HER DEATH
American Official Sends
Report About Miss
Stone.
Turkey May Soon Be Re
quired to Apprehend
the Brigands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Apprehen- !
sion concerning the fate of Miss Stone )
has been aroused as the result of the re- ¦
iteration by the press dispatches of the
statement that Miss Stone and her com
panion, Mme. Tsilka, have been murdered
by the brigands who abducted them.
Eddy, secretary of the American lega
tlop at Constantinople, is making an in
vestigation of the report. He has cabled
Secretary Hay that he does not place any j
credence in It.
As a general reminder to the authorities j
of Turkey the United States training ship j
Dixie left Naples to-day for Smyrna. If >
the brigands have escaped into Turkey ;
this Government will require the Turkish
Government to apprehend and surrender
them to Bulgaria for punishment. So far
as Bulgaria is concerned Immediately up
on the receipt of proof of Miss Stone's
death a demand will be made for full
reparation, the punishment of the persons
involved in the abduction of Miss Stone
and indemnity for the heirs of the mur
dered woman. 1
SOFIA, Nov. 29.— With reference to the
reports of the death of Miss Ellen M.
Stone, the captive American missionary,
the Government holds that if the brig
ands exasperated by the delay, have mur
dered Miss Stone, Dickinson, the diplo
matic agent of the United States, is re
sponsible for the delay and not the Gov
ernment of Bulgaria. The latter has not
interfered with Dickinson's emissaries,
nor did the Government move troops after
Dickinson opened communication with the .
brigands.
According to a letter dated Dubnitza. j
November 2S, Miss Stone and Mme. Tsilka
are still alive. The letter in question
further says that at a recent meeting of
the committee held in Dubnitza it was
definitely decided not to kill the prisoners
upon any pretext whatever. Nevertheless
the committee insisted upon the payment
of the full amount of the ransom.
A naive suggestion is current in political
circles here to the effect that the United
States should force Turkey to pay the re
mainder of the ransom and as soon as ¦
the prisoners are in safety force Bulgaria
to punish those persons guilty of their :
abduction.
STREET FIGHT LEADS TO
CAPTURE OF A ROBBEE
Thug Gets Into the Toils Through
Taking His Uncle's Val
uables.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— A fist fight and
the arrest of Joaquin Higuera on the
charge of battering his uncle, Manuel
Higuera, to-day, led to the identification
of the" former as the footpad who held up
and robbed Charles Figueroa on Vine
street last night.
Manuel Higuera, a woodchopper above
Los Gatos, came to San Jose yesterday
to spend Thanksgiving and met his
nephew. Joaquin Higuera. The two had
many drinks together, and last night oc
cupied the same quarters. When Manuel
Higuera awoke this morning he found
he had been robbed of $8 50. Meeting
Joaquin Higuera on the street he ac
cused him of the theft. A fight followed
and the nephew was arrested.
After robbing his uncle last night
Joaquin Higuera went out to increase the
amount. Meeting Figueroa he knocked
him down with a blow from behind and
then relieved him of $3 and a watch.
When arrested to-day Figueroa's watch
was found on Joaquin Higuera, and he
finally confessed his guilt. Two charges
of robbery, with a prior conviction, will
be placed against him. Higuera recently
served 120 days in the County Jail for
"tapping a till" in Gilroy.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 29.— The
Postoffice Department to-day announced
the following postofflces discontinued:
. California— Slaterange, San Bernardino;
special mail to Johannesburg. Washing
ton—Velma; Stevens mail to Sprlngdale.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon — Wil
liam C. Arlinghouse, Monroe. Washing
ton — Sallie P. Connor, Belfast. Postmas
ters appointed: California — Clara A.
Fowle, Citrus, Inyo County, vice Claude
A. Stuart, resigned. Oregon— W. E. Cham
bless, Sunnyaide, Clackamas, vice John R.
Welch, resigned.
These pensions were granted:
Califronia— Original— Mark D. Mason, El
Monte, $12; John Esterly, San Francisco,
$6. Increase— Henry Denmead, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Henry Smith, San
Francisco, $6. Widows— Emily P. Morri
son, Bakersf.eld, $8.
Oregon— Original— Lewis C. Schorne,
Portland, $6; Thomas B. Winslow, Wood
lawn, $6. Increase— Ferdinand Blume,
Burns, $8; William Norton, Hillsboro, $8.
Washington— Original— George W. Hay
nie, dead, Pasco, $12; Addison P. Benton,
Seattle, $6. Increase— Widder Waller. Ta r
coma, -56; Miles W. Richmond, Deer
Park, $8.
COMPANY BLAMELESS
FOR MINE DISASTER
Inspectors Report on the Catastrophe
That Occurred at Telluride, in
Colorado.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 29.— State Com
missioner of Mines Harry A. Lee to-day
received the report of the two inspector:?,
F. H. Nye and P. H. Clifford, who were
sent to Telluride to investigate the recent
accident at the Smuggler-Union mine by
which twenty-five men lost their lives.
The report fully exonerates the com
pany from any blame in the matter and
says the fatalities appear to have resulted
from a failure on the part of those pres
ent to realize the danger until it was too
late to avert it. The opinion is expressed
that had the door at the mouth of the
Bullion tunnel been closed promptly, few
if any deaths would have resulted.
MACKAY FEELS TWINGES
OF RHEUMATIC GOUT
Will Spend Several Weeks in Paso
Robles and Cut Out Trip to
Arizona.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— John W.
Mackay is suffering from rheumatic gcut.
His ailment has become chronic and while
not serious • is troublesome. After Mr.
Mackay has finished the business which
brought him to Los Angeles he will depart
for Paso Robles. He has given up his
proposed trip to his mining property in
Arizona and his stay in Paso Robles will
be of several weeks' duration.
INDEPENDENT SMELTERS
OUT FOR COMPETITION
Companies Unite to Make a Fight
Against a Combine in
Mexico.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 29.— The American
Smelting and Refining Company, which
several months ago secured control of all
of the smelting plants in Mexico, is to
have strong competition, companies hav
ing been formed to erect and operate no
less than six large and independent smelt
ers in that country.
These new smelters are to be located at
Hidalgo del Parral, Guanacevi, Ameca,
Torreon, Mapina, Durar.go and Tepuitlan.
It is stated that many large mine owjiers
have already signed agreements to give
their ores to these proposed independent
smetlers.
HON. LYMAN J. GAGE, Secretory of the Treasury,
Is one of a long list of distinguished men and women
who will write for the 1902 volume of
™£ Youth's Companion
« Among the eminent authors of articles on special topics are the following.
In addition an unprecedented number of new and promising writers have been secured.
American Contributors. Foreign Contributors.
HON. JOHN D. LONG, ' DUKE OF ARGYLL.
Secretary of the Navy. MARQUIS OF DUFFERIN AND AVA.
HON. CHARLES EMORY SMITH, JUSTIN MCCARTHY.
v - s - Postmaster-General. SIR EDWIN ARNOLD. W7O^& 1
§» REAR-ADMIRAL HICHBORN, U. S. N. SARA JEANNETTE DUNCAN.
REV. HENRY C. POTTER, T. P. O'CONNOR, M. P. Vj^l
Bishop of New York. WU TING-FANG.
JULIAN RALPH. SIR HENRY M. STANLEY.
ME. LDLLIAN NORDICA. JANE BARLOW.
FRANK R. STOCKTON. WINSTON L. S. CHURCHILL, M. P.
POULTNEY BIGELOW. H. RIDER HAGGARD.
New Subscription Offer.
Every New Subscriber who will mention this publication or cut out this slip and send
it at once with name and address and $1.75 will receive :
FREE — All the issues of The Youtii's Companion for the remaining weeks of 1901.
FREE — The Christmas and New Year's Double Numbers. ecr.BB7
FREE — The Companion Calendar for 1902, lithographed in 12 colors and gold.
The Companion for the 52 weeks of 1902, — more than 200 stories, 50 special article*
anecdotes, etc., — until January, 1903, for $1.75.
Illustrated Calendar-Prospectus for the 1902 volume and specimen copies of the a^J^Sl&a
©paper sent Free to any address. By"
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, BOSTON, MASS. F(V R
CUBANS WANT
ISLAND FLAG
General Wood Thinks
Annexation Is Not
Practicable.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived yesterday from Ha
vana were General Leonard Wood, Gov
ernor of Cuba; Mrs. Wood, M. J. Dady,
the contractor; Sir William Van Home,
Lieutenant W. B. Arden and Lieutenant
Frank McCoy. .
General Wood said that he would pro
ceed directly to Washington to report to
President Roosevelt, 'and expected to re
turn to Cuba on December 7. He said he
had expressed no opinion on the question
of the annexation of Cuba, and to do so
would be impolitic. Matters were quiet
in Cuba and preparations were being made
for the election in February.
"Of course," said General Wood, "there
are a number of people in Cuba who de
sire annexation, but I doubt the possi
bility of securing a canvass of the ques
tion. The pepple of Cuba wish to see
their flag floating over Morro Castle, even
if it were only for a week."
Dady says the City Council of Havana
by a unanimous vote gave him the Ha
vana contract for public improvements
there and that .the plans and specifica
tions are in preparation for presentation
to General Wood, who will consider them,
on his return to Cuba.
RESTING ON SUNDAYS
WILL NOT BE REQUIRED
Reichstag Decides That Trade Com
petition Is More Important Than
Sabbath Repose.
BERLIN, Nov. 29.— During the discus
sion to-day in the Reichstag of the sea
men's regulation bill, the clause drafted
by the committee prohibiting trans-Atlan
tic steamers, witli the exception of mall
boats, from, starting on their outward
journeys on Sunday was expunged after
a prolonged debate.
During this discussion Count yon Posa
dowskl Wehner, the Secretary of the In
terior, argued that in the face of great
efforts now being made by foreign coun
tries to secure the world's carrying trade
Germany must not go to this extreme for
the sake of Sunday rest. Only Socialist
and Centrist members of the Reichstag
voted for the retention of the clause.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The follow'ng
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— M. Haswell, at the Ven
dome- S. Hyman at the Hoffman; W.
Barton A. W. Kilpatrick, J. D. Thomas,
at the Holland; F. H. Bishop, at the
Rossmore; D. C. Bloom, at the Earling
ton- Miss C. Blukene, Captain G. Wind
ing' at the Murray Hill; E. J. Coleman,
at the Gilsey; N. F. Sanford, at the Nor
mandie; W. H. Torper, at the Imperial; J.
Wand, at the Cadillac.
Los Angeles— G. Easton, L. Phipps, at
the Normandie.
Czar Decorates Marquis Ito.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times cables that the
Czar has conferred the order of St. Alex
andrie-Nevsky in brilliants on Marquis
Ito the Japanese statesman. This Order
is the second highest in the list of Russian
decorations. It is rumored that Russia
and China have broken off their negotia
tions concerning Manchuria, in conse
quence of Japan's objections thereto. The
Times correspondent adds he believes this
rumor to be based or accurate informa
tion.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The Duke of Teck was
thrown from his horse to-day while out hunt-
Ing near Nantwlch, Chester, sustaining a con
cussion of the brain and an Injury to his hip.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOT REBUKES
FEARSOME CUBA
Alleged Interference in
Elections Sharply
Denied.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Secretary
Root to-day addressed a communication
to Elijio Bonachea, president of the con
vention at Havana, Cuba, that nominated
Bartolomeo Maso for President, relative
to complaints that the United States was
interfering in the elections.
A press dispatch from Havana staged
that Maso complained that the influence
of the United States officers was being ex
erted in favor of Estrada Palma and a
dispatch from Bonachea to the Secretary
implied the same thing. The Secretary in
his communication -to Senor Bonachea
says:
"I have the honor -to acknowledge the
receipt of your dispatch of November 26
saying. 'The National Convention of Ha
vana, which has proclaimed General Maso
candidate for the Presidency of the future
republic of Cuba, respectfully asks you
to recommend to the representatives of
the intervening Government the strictest
impartiaity in the electoral contest wh.'ch
is now taking place.'
"The representatives of the intervening
Government in Cuba are already aware
that their duty requires them not to be
merely impartial in the electoral contest in
Cuba, but to refrain from interfering in
any manner whatever with the free ex
pression of the wishes of the Cuban peo
ple at the polls. They have not violated
this rule in the past and will not in the
future. They will have nothing to do with
the electoral contest, except to enforce
the electoral law prescribed by the consti
tutional convention and promulgated by
the Military Governor on the 14th of Oc
tober last. This will be done impartially
and effectively.
"It is quite unnecessary to assume that
the officers of this Government will be loss
faithful to their duty hereafter than they
have been in the past, or to recommend
or direct that they shall perform a duty
which they are already performing."
Uniformed Counterfeiter Caught.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Nov. 29.— Tom
Shorter, a negro, wearing the uniform of
the Ninth Cavalry, is under arrest at
Union Springs, a quantity of counterfeit
money and molds having been found on
his person. He says he was recently in
the arm3*hospital at San Francisco.
gljgjpliP^Yoiir Next Shot
: *§||p^ (l^ will be a bullseye if you .use a- Maynard Carbine.
'^^T... • These guns carry iooo yards, and shoot accurately,
on a line, for 500 yards, or nearly one-third mile. It's a whole lot bet-
ter gun than you'd think from the price, and is invaluable to any one.
. You never know just when you may need it.-, Good for every purpose,
and since you can get it for $1.73 you should do so at once. Remem-
ber. 20 CARTRIDGES GO FREE with it, and the shells can be re-
loaded. . . ' ,"¦ ' ; ¦¦' "
: OVER 900,000 CARTRIDGES IN STOCK, selling 10 for Ifc
This is a genuine U. S. Government Carbine, . costing $18 . to
make. .' We got 6000 of them ,at a very low price and are unloading
, them. A snap for you. . _'• / ; / ',
W. S. KIRK,
517 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
NOMENCLATURE
NEEDS CHANGES
Pan-American Congress
Asked to Establish
Rules.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 29.— The session ot
the Pan-American Congress this morning
was largely taken up with reading of re
ports of the committee on international
banking and monetary exchange and on
literary relations, the latter favoring an
exchange of official publications and a
lengthy report of the committee of which
Senator Davis is the head with respect to
the Pan-American railroad.
A project was submitted by Buchanan
of the United States delegation on com
mercial nomenclature. Buchanan said:
"The importance of this subject t« th«
commerce of the republics represented
here is one that has been frequently and
forcibly brought to my attention and I
have reached the firm conviction that if
uniformity of name and description can
be secured for the common articles of
Pan-American commerce and such nom
enclature otncially adopted and made the
basis of the customs schedules and law 3
of the republics of this hemisphere a dis
tinct and valuable step forward in all that
appertains to the general betterment of
commerce will be gained. "
Buchanan proposes that the govern
ments represented in the bureau of Amer
ican republics contribute among them
selves the sum of $40,000, with a view to a
careful revision and compilation in Eng
lish, Spanish and Portuguese, and under
the direction of the customs division of
each of the said governments, of the com
mercial nomenclature of the American re
publics heretofore issued by the bureau of
American republics. Buchanan'3 proposal
was referred to the committee on com
merce.
"Purchase of Many Prunes.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— The A. & C. Ham
Company of this place to-day purchased
a large quantity of prunes from the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit Association. None of
the parties concerned will give any de
tails but H. G. and F. E. Coykendall of
the A. & C. Ham Company state they
have bought a large quantity of th*
carry-over fruit held by the association
and will open two warehouses to pack
and ship the same next week. The asso
ciation had about 30,000,000 pounds ot
carry-over fruit on hand.
34
"CRUZADOS IS THE FASTEST HORSE IN THE WORLD"
EXCERPT FROM AN
INTERVIEW WITH
TRAINER CAMERON
YOUNG DOGS
MAKE BIDS
FOR HONORS
Champion Coursers Are Being
Dethroned by Fast Puppies
That Are Now in the Game
Crowds Increasing at Union
Park and Leashmen's Sport
Takes en Prosperous Look
The sport of the leash is enjoying a
boom at present that is felt on all sides.
Never before in the history of the game
has coursing taken on such a prosperous
look. The increased attendance at the
weekly meets has reached a proportion
that is gratifying to the coursing asso
ciation and dog owners alike. In return
for their patronage the followers of the
sport are treated to a class of coursing
that is admittedly superior to that of any
past year. The condition of the hares at
this particular season is a large factor
in the betterment ul the last and inter
esting trials that have delighted the
crowus in attendance. According to vet
eran ieashmen, it is not of record that
the hares have held their strength and
speed so far into the rainy season.
While many of the old hounds that
have been campaigning through several
seasons are still in the running and hold
ing their own, new performers are com
ing in and are mating reputations for
themselves. Hardly a stake is run in
which some well-bred youngster does not
figure. The more than occasional sensa
tional work of the newcomer forces the
wise bettors to do some figuring.
Albert Curtis has a number of promis
ing young hounds coming on, which he
figures wiil equal if not excel his present
strong kennel of stake-winners. Of the
puppies that are likely candidates for
future events a litter by Fetter Free, out
of Echo, ajid one by Chartist, out of
Maud S, give the most promise. Already
Mr. Curtis has given his young coursers
trials in private with the older and ex
perienced big ones, and the results have
* been more man satisfactory to him.
J. Horn has a promising litter by
Rocker, out of Bona. The youngsters are
pronounced a fine looking lot, and, con
sidering: their breeding, the prediction
that they will develop into early stake
winners is Quile natural.
Some of the crack performers of the
Pasha Kennel will be sold at auction at
Tmion Park on December 15. The kennel
for some time past has been overcrowded
and the weeding out process was finally
decided upon. Twelve coursers, all of
them with records familiar to the follow
ers of the sport, will be disposed of. The
list includes Lawrence, Snapshot, Risky
Attempt, Random Aim. Royal Alliance.
Rude Awakening. Belle Clair, Belle
Rocket. Rustic Arbor. Gold Hunter
(imp.), formerly Gold Xugget, by Fabu
lous Fortune-Gatherer, and Real Lassie
(imn.). by Cocoa Wine-Here and There.
The sale of these greyhound? will distrib
ute some good blood lines among the local
kennels.
Battle Royal, a celebrated *tud dog of
Montana, has been sent to this city. The
hound has been placed in rtiarge of A. J.
Vanderwhite.
Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton has pur
chased Royal Anne from the Pasha Ken
rels and will run her in the future in the
Slough City.
At the Stockton Park the slips are
shorter than on the local field, and with
that advantage .Royal Anne should show
the way to the Ware to all her new op
ponents.
Union Park present? a strong card for
¦f "-.-morrow. In addition to the open stake
finals a champion event will be run. The
event is made up of the pick of local
mursers. among which is Little Sister,
who holds the record of stake-winning
bitches in America.
OARSMEN FIND PLEASURE
IN THEIR WINTER DANCES
Planning to Rebuild BoAthouses Re
moved Owing to the Demolition
of Long Bridge.
The annual entertainment of the Ariel
Rowing Club last Saturday night assumed
the form of a masquerade ball given in
Saratoga Hall. Though the rain kept
some visitors away, the dance was suc
cessful. i '¦
The club has enough money on hand to
begin work on the new quarters so soon
as the site has been definitely settled.
The Pioneers, when their old house on
Long Wharf was removed, built a rough
shed on Kentucky street, in which their
boats and rowing equipment are stored.
By carrying the boats across the street
the water can be reached. It was sug
gested that the Ariels should erect the
temporary quarters jointly with the Pio
neers, but as the expense was considera
ble and the shed will be a considerable
distance from the water when the seawall
Is built the Ariels contented themselves
with storing their 'boats and oars in a
warehouse.
The election of a new board of officers
to serve for the coming year will take
place at the meeting of the Ariel Rowing
Club on Monday evening.
The nominating committee of the Dol
phin Rowing Club has selected the fol
lowing as the regular ticket for the com
ing half year: For president, Joseph S.
Earls; vice president, Charles M. Farrell;
recording secretary. Will H. Bush; finan
cial secretary, Frank C. Staib; treasurer,
Adam Schuppert; sergeant at arms, Peter
Freudenberg; captain, T. R. Dixon; lieu
tenant-captain, Leo Wienand; members
of the executive committee, T. J. Ken
nedy and .F. Seibel; —Frank H.
Curry, Henry Pernau and V. Kenrlein;
delegates to the Pacific Association—A. P.
Rothkopf, A. W. Pa Pc and W. O. Patch.
The election will take place on the lltli
of December.
¦ The annual variety show of the Ala
liieda Boating Club will be given in Arm
ory Hall, Alameda, on Friday night, De
cember 6. An excellent bill has been pre
pared, the principal entertainers being
the Edwin Dunbar-Crandall double quar
tet. Miss Anne Louise Daniels, "Billy"
Hynes, Cathcart and Ryan in Irish im
personations, the Lerner family, sketch
artists; William Morell, banjo specialist,
and John Matthews.
Cricketers Are Entertained.
A meeting of the California Cricket As
sociation will be held on Monday evening,
December 9, to receive the report of the
committee appointed to prepare the bat
ting and bowling averages for the past
season, and to award the prizes offered
by Captain John Metcalfe,-first vice pres
ident or the association. The question of
a ground for next season will also be
discussed. £
The members of the Alameda Cricket
Club were entertained- at dinner last
Tuesday -by Edward Brown, president of
the club. The report of Henry Ward,
secretary of the club, showed that during
the past season ten matches had been
played for the pennant presented by Pres
ident Brown, of which the club had won
five, drawn two and lost three, giving a
percentage of 60. This brings the Ala
meda Club out a little ahead of the Santa
Cruz Country Club, which has a percent
age of 53.3. The percentage of the Pacific
Cricket Club is 55, and that of the Sac
ramento Club Is 16.C. President Brown
desired the younger members to state
definitely whether it is their intention to
play for the Alameda Club. next season.
On their stating that they so intend he
urged them to do all in their power to
preserve harmonious relations with their
fellow cricketers and to promote a gen
uine love of the game. Harold Ward Jr
and H. W. Brown were chosen as dele
gates to the California Cricket Associa
tion for 1902; J. J. Moriarity, Harold Ward
Jr. and F. J. Croll were selected as mem
bers of the executive committee, and W
G. Fortmarm, B. Bird and A. F. Stahl as
members of the ground committee. -
Bernard Ward Remanded.
The writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of Bernard Ward, ex-treasurer of
the Marine Firemen's Union, who was
held to answer on a charge of felony em
bazzlement, was denied by Judge Cook
yesterday. The prisoner was remanded
into the custody of the Sheriff.
CRUZADOS is looked upon as the
sensational horse of the Califor
nia turf. The concensus of opin
ion among horsemen is that if the
son of Emperor of Norfolk will
"go on" he will do to cross the Rockies.
Last spring at Tanforan Park tlie bay
colt spreadeagled a field of 2-year-olds at
odds of 40 to 1. Later on he was beaten
and no particular attention was paid to
CRUZADOS, E. J. BALDWIN'S GREAT TWO-YEAROLD SON OF EMPEROR OF NORFOLK-ATLANTA 11.
GOLFERS PLAY
IN THE RAIN
Thanksgiving Day Contests Are
Keli Under Conditions Which
Would Stop Any but Devotees
Despite the unfavorable weather on
Thanksgiving day there were tourna
ments on all the local courses. On the
Presidio links there was a 36-hole handi
cap tournament for three prizes; at Oak
land the formal opening of the winter
season was made with the first competi
tion for the Goodall cup, and at Sausalito
the golfers held a contest on the Fort
Baker links for the Foster cup and a spe
cial prize. On the San Francisco Golf
Club course the contest for the Council's
cup for men is still in progress. The first
round will probably be completed to-day
and possibly one of the matches in the
second round may be played.
The next event of interest to local
golfers will be the first home-and-home
match between teams representing the
San Francisco and Oakland Golf Clubs.
It has been the custom to have teams of
eight men in these matches, but the
number which will constitute the teams
in the matches this season has not yet
been decided. It seems that a team of
not more than six men would suit the
Oakland Club best, while the Presidio
golfers would be willing to put a team
of twelve or more men into the field. There
are five first-class golfers at Oakland—
E. R. Folger, holder of the amateur
championship of the Pacific Coast; F. S.
Stratton, holder of the amateur record of
78 for the Oakland course and winner of
the last contest for the Captain's cup; R.
M. Fitzgerald, W. P. Johnson and C. P.
Hubbard. All these are strong golfers
and the four first named are frequently
out for practice, besides entering all club
competitions. But between these five and
the rest of the members there is a con
siderable gap. The San Francisco Golf
Club has in John Lawson and B. D.
Adamson two golfers of the highest
class, while Lansing O. Kellogg, captain
of the club; S. L. Abbot Jr., H. C. Golch
er, J. W. Byrne, Warren Gregory, R. G.
Brown and W. H. La Boyteaux, deserve
places on a club team. To these should
be added H. B. Goodwin, formerly cap
tain of the San Francisco Golf Club, and
one of the strongest native-born golfers
here, and R. H. Gaylord, formerly secre
tary and winner of one of the contests'
for the Council's cup. Neither of these
has been seen on a golf course for some
time. It is probable both Captain Orestes
Pierce and Captain L. O. Kellogg will be
in favor of making the teams as large as
they can reasonably be made. The men
who are selected to represent their club
feel their efforts may turn the tide of
victory and defeat, and are stimulated to
more regular practice of the game.
Golfers in Great Britain are beginning
to discuss the new golf ball, which was
"used by several of the contestants in the
United States amateur championships,
both for men and women. But the ball
itself does not appear to have reached
Great Britain, though doubtless it Will
do so soon. It has a core of gutta
percha, around which are wrapped strings
of rubber, the whole having a gutta
percha covering with the usual nicks and
markings. It is said that drives from the
tee are lengthened thirty to forty yards
by using the new ball, so that it is par
ticularly helpful to golfers who drive a
straight but not a long ball. It is also
said to travel a long distance off an Iron
club. The disadvantage of the new ball
is that it is difficult to control on ap
proach shots; and on damp ground it
does not seem to have any appreciable ad
vantage over the gutta-percha ball of the
ordinary type. Against the win/1 it is be
lieved to be actually inferior, as It is
lighter and more easily deflected. The
Baltusrol Golf Club made an attempt to
•prohibit its use in an open tournament for
women, but this was, of course, entirely
erroneous, as the rules of golf do not
prescribe the size, weight or material of
the ball, and players are free to use any
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
AUTOMOBILISTS
ARE ENERGETIC
Organizing; Country Runs and
Endeavoring to Gain the Use
of Park Roads and Drives
The meeting of the Automobile Club of
California at the Cliff House on Tuesday
evening was one of the most enthusiastic
that has been held by the chauffeurs.
President F. A. Hyde referred to his re
cent trip through the Eastern States,
during which he specially inquired into
the regulations governing the admission
of self-propelled vehicles into the public
parks of New York, Washington, Chicago,
Philadelphia and other cities. A hope
was expressed that the automobilists of
San Francisco will ere long be permitted
to use the public pleasure grounds freely.
R. R. l'Hommedieu, who has performed
the duties of secretary of the Automobile
Club for several months past, resigned his
office for reasons which were not stated
at the meeting, receiving a cordial vote of
thanks for his services. The question of
a button and cap badge for the chauf
feurs came up, designs prepared by a local
jeweler being submitted by S. D. Rogers,
former president of the Automobile Club.
A well-known member of the club ex
pressed a strong preference for a design
characteristic of the State of California,
and, though nothing definite was done, it
is likely that a grizzly Bear's head in
closed in a circle on which are the letters
A. C. C. will be the design adopted.
It was decided that the directors be em
powered to make arrangements with J.
M. Wilkins of the Cliff House to set apart
a large room on the fourth floor for the
use of the automobilists, where they may
meet. On Sundays a luncheon will be
set between noon and 2 o'clock. The reg
ular monthly meetings of the club will
be held on the night of full moon at
Cliff House. At the outing on Tuesday
night there were about fifteen automo
biles. As several of them were capable
of seating four persons, there were be
tween forty and fifty chauffeurs and
guests at Cliff House. On the return trip
an electric surrey driven by S. D. Rogers
ran short of power and was towed into
the city by a surrey operated by W. S.
Arnold. Charles L. Fair's Panhard-
Levassor machine was on Van Ness ave
nue, but did not make the run to Cliff
House. On the return trip a machine
driven by one of y the operators of the
Mobile Company was coming rapidly down
Golden Gate avenue, parts of the pave
ment of which were wet. The wheels
skid-led, hurling the machine violently
against the curbstone and throwing the
occupants out. The rig was wrecked, but
the occupants escaped without injury. A
smooth wet pavement is dangerous to a
machine going at a rapid gait, and no
automobilist should go over such a sur
face at a speed higher than eight to ten
mllos per hour.
Tuesday night's run was under the new
regulations recently issued by the com
mittee on runs, Robert Lennie being cap
tain. The next run will probably be into
the country, Niles Canyon having been
suggested aa the point of destination.
Signal Corps Will Play Alameda.
The game of football which was to have
taken place on Thanksgiving day be
tween teams from the Signal Corps and
from AJameda was postponed on account
of the muddy condition of the gridiron.
The game was postponed until December
7. both teams continuing their training.
Tickets sold for the original date will be
good for the postponed game.
thing they please. Nor can it be said
that it is taking an unfair advantage of
an opponent to use the new ball, as it can
be bought by any one in the open mar
ket. The attempt to prohibit the use of
the ball in the United States men's ama
teur championship contest failed, Walter
J. Travis using It and making an ex
cellent score. The strongest argument
against its use is that it is much more
expensive than the ordinary solid ball.
TENNIS COURTS
ARE IN DEMAND
Players Invade the- Park and
the California Club Ground's
Seeking- a Spell at the Nets
Although the weather of the past fort
night has not been the best for tennis,
the players have been out in great num
bers and some good matches have been
played. The crack players of a few years
ago are gradually coming back to the
game and in another month such men
as Will Taylor and Tom Driscoll will be
trying conclusions with the champions of
to-day. A match between either Taylor
or Driscoll and Smith would be interest
ing and would show where the former
stand. Taylor is a marvel of accuracy,
but it is doubtful if he could stand up
before the hard hitting fame of to-day.
Driscoll, although more brilliant than
Taylor, is hardly as effective.
"Bob" Ayre is one of the old timers
who has again taken up the game. He
showed considerable skill in a match last
Sunday on the local courts. Gus Taylor
was the first of the former cracks to re
turn to the game. Although his game
consists, mostly in getting the balls back,
he can hold any of the second class men
down.
"Dick" Erskine showed last Sunday he
in a hard man to beat when given a
liberal handicap. Smith allowed Kuehn,
the best man in the fourth class, "thirty"
and won, 6-2, 6-2. Erskine, who ranks
beiow Kuehn, received the same odds and
beat Smith 6-0 the first set. He also had
a good lead in the final set, being within
a point of winning twice, and with a little
luck would probably have won. Erskine
seems to be the- only man in the lower
classes v/ho knows the proper game Lo
play with a handicap. His success is
due entirely to the fact that he takes
chances. His swift service and hard
drives give the scratch men considerable
annoyance. Most of the men play a care
ful game and as the higher class men are
more skillful the handicap bothers them
but little.
The intercollegiate tennis looks to be
ah in favor of the University of Califor
nia this year. Berkeley has had a try
out already, and as a result the teams
representing that college will be picked
from the following men: Fred Brown,
Drummond McGavin, Herold Braly, Reu
ben Hunt and Trow Hendrick.
Stanford will reply upon Harry Wiehe
for victory this year. S. H. Adams, his
partner in doubles, has left college and
will not play. His place will probably be
t£ktn by Duval Moore, who is a prom
ising player. With Wiehe for a partner,
he should do well in doubles.
The park players are improving rapidly
and will undoubtedly send several good
men into the championship tournaments
next year. There will be a tournament
on the park courts to-morrow. It will
probably be a class singles.
Olympic Handball Tournament.
The various winners up to the present
time in the Olympic Club handball tour
nament will meet to-morrow morning at
1 o'clock in a series of games. The play
ers are drawn as follows:
First class— J. J. Gleason vs. H. V. Russ;
George James vs. William Cartwright; T. J.
Curley, a "bye."
Second class — Louis Levy vs. George Janes;
John Tait vs. M. Green and F. Stratford va.
Tom Poweis.
Third class— Max Rosenfeld vs. T. I. Fi£z
patrick; Jack Cunningham vs. C. K. Melrose;
F. Krone, a "bye."
Hagerty Charges Fraud.
Robert D. Hagerty, a member of the
stationery firm of Hagerty & Forsyth, is
suing his partner, A. C. Forsyth, for $150
damages and a dissolution of partnership.
He alleges that Forsyth, who keeps the
boftks for the firm, has by false entries
ana changes in accounts defrauded him
of $150 and has refused to allow him to
see the books or give an accounting. He
asks the court for the appointment of a
receiver to take charge of the affairs of
the firm.
him. However, at that time it was said
"Lucky" Baldwin thought so well of the
colt that he had given Trainer Spiers In
structions to race him no more this year.
Time, it appears, altered this determina
tion, and Cruzados made his reappear
ance in a race at Oakland on the 9th inst.,
in the Produce Exchange stakes. The
speedy Glendennlng was farovite for the
event, but was outfooted and beaten in
a big gallop by the Baldwin representa
tive. Cruzados started again over a muddy
MAY NOT SHOOT
BY MOONLIGHT
Game Wardens Are Watching:
in the Vicinity of Alvarado
for Violators of the State Law
The game wardens are determined to
put a stop to the shooting of ducks on
the Alvarado marshes after sunset and
before sunrise. Some days since a doc
tor and two of his guests were arrested
for participating in the unlawful sport.
The fine for persons convicted of violat
ing this section of the game law is $23.
As the game wardens receive half of this
for each conviction their interest is con
siderably sharpened. The sportsmen, who
would not think of taking advantage of
the moonlight shooting, naturally object
to men who do take this advantage and
return with big strings of birds. It
means a slaughter of ducks, as under
good conditions a great many can be
begged. The Hash of the shotguns has
the tendency to scare away a lot of birds
and in the long run makes bad shooting.
The sport last Sunday was of uneven
quality, men shooting from adjoining pre
serves obtaining widely different results.
On Thursday and Friday thousands of
biras were seen, but on Sunday they had
disappeared as if by magic.
The northern birds are now making the
Alvarado marsh a stopping place in their
flight to the south. The experts are able
to distinguish them from the home birds
by their full plumage and other charac
teristics.
Otto Feudner enjoyed another record
shoot near Denverton last Sunday. This
time he secured thirty "cans," twelve
mallard and eight sprig. The ducks werp
so plentiful that half his total number of
birds were secured in twenty minutes.
Down at the Spooney Gun Club pre
serve, near Mount Eden, three members
secured sixty birds. L. R. Larzalere Mr
Guyatt and William Whitehead were the
members out. When the sportsmen were
coming home Sunday afternoon the birds
were arriving in numbers.
Mr. Miller of Alvarado had one of the
best shoots of the day, killing thirty-five
birds.
On the Field and Tule Club preserve
near Suisun eight members had a suc
cessful day on Sunday. Two hundred
ducks in all were secured. The members
in attendance were J. B. Coleman H B
Hosmer, A. M. Shields, W. Bay, J. Ho
mer Fritch, Louis Titus, Colonel D. E
Miles and A. Warnecke.
The gunmen are not sure what sport is
in store for them to-morrow. Thdy have
ceased predicting and now go out ready
to accept conditions as they find them.
RELIANCE CLUB PROMISES
GOOD BOXING TOURNAMENT
Main Event Will Be a Match. Be
tween Frank McConneJl and
Jack Capeliss.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club boxing exhibition, to be given
in the club gymnasium next Tuesday,
promises good sport for admirers of the
fistic game. There will be three contests,
all of which should be worth watching
The main event will be a fifteen-round
go between Frank McConnell and Jack
Capeliss. McConnell is training at th*
Keystone Athletic Club while Capeliss is
getting into shape at the Reliance Club
They will fight at 122 pounds.
The other contests will be between
Tommy Gilfeather and Spider Welch and
Bobby Johnson and Dick Cullen. The first
event will be ten rounds, second four.
Valuable Estates Appraised.
The reports of the appraisers appointed
to determine the value of the estates of
Agnes Tillman and Henry Levy were
filed yesterday. They show that the Till
man estate consists of real estate in this
city and Alameda and Santa Cruz coun
ties worth $36,975 and that Levy died
possessed of stock, notes and real estate
worth $41,419 25.
course and repeated his previous perform
ance, proving a perfect whirlwind in the
mud. Now it is claimed "Lucky" Bald
win is taking a long-distance peep at the
American derby of 1902, which classic
event has seen his colors four times borne
past the wire first. Trainer W. J. Spiers,
under whose careful supervision the colt
has been trained, makes no bones of tne
fact that his charge would have a great
chance in the big Chicago event, especially
if the track should happen to be muddy.
The picture shows Cruzados on his way to
the post, with Ransom up. The jockey
is wearing his rainy weather clothing.
Baldwin just now seems on the edge of
another great racing career. Some years
since a Chicago paper published an item
showing that since 1885, 74 horses had
raced in his colors. They started 875
times and won 209 races for their owner.
The value of the purses was $375, i 04.
D. Cameron, the astute Calgary horse
man and trainer of the fleet mare May
W, thinks Cruzados the fastest piece or
horseflesh he has ever seen, not even ex
cepting Commando. It is his opinion that
the two-year-old can cover four furlongs
close to 46 seconds.
HUNT CLUB MEN
IN THE FIELD
The Season Opens Auspiciously
and High-Class Sport Seems
Assu-ed by San Mateo Hounds
The season of the San Mateo County
Hunt has started auspiciously, with prom
ise of a most successful season. There
will be meets of the hounds every
Wednesday and Saturday. J. J. Moore,
acting master of the Hunt, has issued the
following list of fixtures covering the re
maining meets of this year:
Saturday, November 30, 2 p. m. — Homestead
Common, San Mateo.
Wednesday, December 4, 3 p. m. — Poor Farm-
Gate, Spanishtown road.
Saturday, December 7, 10 a. m. — Moormeads,
Falroaks.
Luncheon, by Invitation of J. J. Moore, at
1 p. m.
Wednesday, December 11, 2:30 p. m. — Laurel
Creek, Beresford.
Saturday, December 14, 2 p. m. — Uncle Tom's
Cabin, San Bruno.
Wednesday, December 18, 2 p. m.— Mlllbrae
(The Dairy).
Saturday. December 21, 2:30 p. m.— Southern
Pacific station, San Carlos.
Wednesday, December 25.. 2 p. m.—Sixteen
mile House, San Jose road.
.Saturday, December 28, 2:30 p. m.— Howard
Woods, Crystal Springs road.
The fields are exceptionally well mount
ed and much clever horsemanship is
shown. The advice of the best rtding
masters has apparently been obtained
Joseph Dyer, who served Lord Lonsdale
in England, has been in demand as an
instructor.
The first note of preparation for the
polo season was sounded on Thursday
when the arrival at Burlingame from
England of Lawrence McCreery was an
nounced. Wheeler and F. J. Mackey
wno were here last# season, are coming
Menzies will be here and is expected to
bring his brother, also a noted English
player.
OUST PROFESSIONALS
FROM COLLEGE ATHLETICS
Representatives of the Intercollegiate
Conference Make an Important
Ruling in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.-A long step to
ward the elimination of professionalism
from college athletics was taken to-day
by the faculty represenfatives of the
Intercollegiate College Conference who
held an all-day session here. The fol
lowing rule was passed:
"No student is eligible to compete in a
college team who plays in so-called ama
teur, semi-professional or professional
baseball games where gate-money is
charged, or where prizes, premiums or
purses are offered."
W , he i h .. er t s e rule ls retroactive was not
settled by the committee, and after the
meeting it was announced that this phase
of the matter had not been thought of
or discussed. It was voted to discourage
as far as possible prolonged absences
from college on tours. The Dicycle event
was dropped from all the programmes of
college athletic meets in the future a
rule was passed that the limit of four
years in college athletics, beyond wWh
a student is not eligible to contest means
four years in the aggregate, and not four
years on any one .team. ur
Consider Boxing Licenses.
The Supervisors' Police Committee y es
terday considered the proposed ordinance
increasing the license tax on profes«»iona'
boxing cl-übs from $12)0 to $5000 per an
num. Reed favored the higher license
but Stafford thought $2500 was hl*h
enough. Tobin, who is in Honolulu ai™
favors the $5000 license, but unless "Staf
ford changes his mind no recommends
tlon will be made. menda -
The committee yesterday reported
against the petition of Samuel C Mott
and William Kellner for permission to
give a series of bull fighting exhibitions
heretofore given at Merced and at the
Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo
AUSTRALIAN
BOXER WILL
SOON FIGHT
Tim Heagerty Is Trainine for
His Bout With Redoubtable
"Saginaw Kid" at Oakland
This Meeting Should Provide
One of the Best Encounters
Ever Seen on the Coast
Measurements of the Men.
Heagerty. Lavigne.
5 feet 5*4 inches. Height. s feet 3' 2 inches
67 Inches Reach 65 inches
128 pounds Weight 130 pounds
36 Inches Chest 37 inches
1% Inches Biceps 13 inches
14^4 inches Neck 15>4 inches
I<H4 Inches Forearm li inches
tM inches Wrist 7* Inches
30 inches Waist 32 inches
19 Inches Thigh 20 Inches
13% inches Calf 15^ inches
Kid Lavigne, ex-lightweight champion
boxer of the world, and Tim Heagerty,
who comes from Australia with an ex
ceptionally good record, will meet in a
fifteen-rcrund battle before the Acme-
Club, Oakland, on the night of Dec
12. Both boxers are training faitt
for the contest. Lavigne is roui
into condition at his old training quar
ters, Blanken's Six-mile House, whiKj
Heagerty is doing his preparatory work.
near Colma.
After his long lay-off from the fU
game Lavigne is showing good forn
seems as shifty and clever as evt
he has lost his old-time speed, as
think, he does not show it in his t\k
every-day training. Lavigne looks ;:
rignttng trim already. For the last
month he has been putting in five or six
hours of hard training daily, an
physique is beginning to show tiw
effects of the flesh-stripping work,
boxers will weigh in at Harry Cor
at 3 o'clock on the afternoon on th
Of the fight. Both have agreed to weigh^
130 pounds. Lavigne is already to wei«» V|
He manages to shift hl3 weight dailyl
few pounds above or below the lim\ 1
This treatment he says will strength^
him more than taking off four or five
pounds at once and then building up
gradually as most fighters do.
Heagerty is being put through his
route to physical perfection by Australian
Billy Smith. He is in fine shape. Those
who have seen Heagerty box say h>
clever, shifty fallow, with a good, stiff
punch in either hand. In an impromptu
bout with Gus Ruhlin which took place
one day at the Six-mile House while thu
latter was training for Jeffries Heagerty
proved himself to be a star lightweight.
He took punch for punch with the big
Akron man and literally had it all over
Gus. He is a fighter from the ground up
Lavigne rested up in his training ,n
Thanksgiving day. but yesterday he mart*
up for lost time by doing an extra har.l
day's work. He took a ten-mile run in
the morning and in the afternoon
punched the bag for fully an hour, with
only a brief rest.
The match between the two light
weights is attracting attention locally and
in the East. Lavigne Is possibly the fast
est lightweight that ever stepped info
the ring when he is right. His artrr
are anxious to see whether hia
long rest and temperate habits have
brought back his old-time speed. m
Heagerty Lavigne will find a suitable op
ponent for this kind of a test. Lavigne
will probably be the favorite in the bet
ting.
Over at Reliance Athletic Club on Tues
day evening there should be some Kre.it
fights between hard-hitting younster-:
Jack Capeless will meet Frank McConnell'
fifteen rounds, at 122 poends. Spi<W
Welch fights Tommy Gilfeather ten
rounds at 116 pounds. Bobby Jofrnson
meets Pick Cullen in a four-round bout
at 100 pounds. They are all clever livel^
boxers, and great fiarhts should result "
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
AT A FOOTBALL GAME
Will Be the Honored Guest at Annap
olis To-Day When the Army
Meets the Navy. -
ANNAPOLIS, Bid., Nov. 29.—Superin
tendent Wainwright of the Naval Acad
emy has made out a programme desig
nating the escort of President Roosevelt
to the army and navy football game to
morrow. The President will be escorted
to his box on the grounds by the Secre
tary of War. the superintendent of the
military academy, the superintendent of
the naval academy and two representa
tives of the University of Pennsylvania
Two officers of the army and two of the
navy will escort the President's party to
t #* ». boxes On^ he army and navy sides
pUm fl t eld in D , Urln * A he fl "t half the
President will be on the navy side and
in the second half on the army side. Upon
the entrance to the grounds the bands
will play "Hail to the Chief. " and when
the President changes sides the cadets
of the two academies will give three
cheers respectively. Upon completion of
the game the President will be escorted
back to his car.
The teams will line up as follows
iS£s£^. «5 Ana Wt?n*
- 1 -' 0 ™ •• i- T. r ¦¦¦¦¦¦_¦_ :v:; ...Tell
&::::::;:::;:::.£; ?:.;;-. :;;b^
Goodspeed R. G . .."..V.'.'.^V.Bel^S
Bunkon R f a\?P^ P
R." c. V^S^ftK
c^dV.V.-.V.V.-.V.V.V.L- ik"B • jfeK
Hackett R. h. B tin
G^e 3 . F:.-g-.?:.v:.v;.v. ::: ni^
Cadets on the Gridiron.
The football team of Company H
League of the Cross Cadets, will play i
return game with the Peerless football
team to-morrow at Sixteenth and Fol
som streets grounds. A former game
played by these two teams was won
after an exciting contest by Company H
kicking a field goal during the last few
£°r mei > tS orplay. Both tlams w«| play
hard, fast ball. A pretty exhibition of
kicking is promised when Clapp. the Peer
fUl^i^k m r^m 3 panfH t3 He
will £SSo^'- - 7 *£ iSS
Morrison R r g^V.V.V.V/.: " ' Ru ™™
¥£2&::::=£s*J2S? ::::^WB
saKer5 aKer B^^ ::::::^^^
Gr£fn *" '•"£?" tackle ....Mullen
&£";,-, «'fht end Butler
Till, Jf ft end Brogan
Jockey Clawson's Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— Application w -,»
made to-day by. Mrs. Catherine? PaM 9
es.ate of Joseph R. Clawson upon^
estate; of / Joseph R. ClawsoD the w=ll
known jockey who died a year ago in \n~
spurt from consumption, caused b
abo U ut $2%o nln a^ T he eStaft Valued":
aoout SJSOO and is represented hv re-ii
estate in Alameda. The heirs are ihe
$1 °chh£° Blyn Clawson ' and a 10-m"nt£
Turner and Queenan Matched.
STOCKTON. Nov. 29.-J. J. Pendergast.
matchmaker of the California Athletic
Club of Sacramento, announce* he has
signed Rufe Turner of Stockton and Perry
Queenan of Milwaukee to fight twenty
lW U Sound cf ° re hIS ClUb on Dec^ber g
Suit to Recover Taxes Filed
v-. nustu meu a suit against the ' city
yesterday to recover $1592 50 paid into the
city treasury, by thirty- two large firms as
a merchandise license tax. The mer
chants assigned their claims to him and I
he seeks to recover the amount on^
the ground that the law which provided*
for the tax was repealed by the adoption
of the charter. As the tax was collected
in July of thistyear he claims the licenseEASTERN BASEBALL STARS APPEAR ON CALIFORNIA DIAMOND
ALL-AMERICAN NINE DEFEATS
THE NATIONAL LEAGUE PLAYERS
The Wasps Outbat the Angels in the South, While Stricklett for
Sacramento and Waterbury of the Oak'and Team Pitch
Great Ball in This City at the Recreation Park Grounds
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 29.— The All- I
Americas and National League
teams made their initial appear
ance on this -coast at the Oak
Park grounds this afternoon.
Owing to the heavy rains of yesterday
and this morning tne grounds were not
in good condition, but the two teams put
in a last hour and twenty-five minutes.
The game was won by the All-Americas
by a score of 10 to 3 through superior
batting and all-around better team work.
Napoleon La Joie, the famous second
base man of the Pnlladelpnia team, was
the center of attraction lor the enthusi
asts, una the way he handled himseir in
nis position in tne nil miMrifi muweu
l+iui co be a piayer 01 consummate aunity.
"Hute" V\ auaell, me eccentric ana
husKy xioosier, twirled the game lor tue
Aii-Americas. He had "spe^a to burn,"
and in the lourth inning, alter Steimeiat
ana —verett had hit him safely. strucii
out the next tnree men— riuien, Carr ana
.Hughes — in rapid succession. Jay liugues
pitcned for tne Nationals lor four innings,
ft was sadly out of condition and was
touchea up quite frequently. Xhen titein
leiat, who was putting up a rattling game
lit tnird, tooK nis pia.ce, .alctiale tailing
tieinfelafs position at the third corner,
steinfeldt was the star piayer of the
National League team. His neiding was
clean cut and his throwing to first a mar
vel of accuracy ana swiftness. "iSandow"
Mertes of the Nationals, while he marred
his lieJding record with an error on an
easy chance, was strong with the willow.
He cracked out a coupie of corking two
baggers, and the mignty Rube had no
terrors lor the Calif ornian.
If to-day's game can be taken as a cri
terion of the quality of ball put up by
the Americas and National League play
ers, the present aggregation traveling
under the name of the National League
team will have to strengthen its forces
or else it will prove a series of unbroken
victories for the All-Americas. Their
playing to-day was superior in every re
spect to that of their older rivals. * But
in connection with the game to-day it
might be stated that the All-Americas
had for their pitcher Waddell, who was
a member of the Chicago Club of the
National League until he went out on the
corn-crackers' circuit of Indiana.
On the other hand, the National League
Club had in "its ranks "Sandow" Mertes,
who during the past season played with
Comiskey's Chicago White Stockings of
the American League.
The game was played in remarkably
fast time, and a number of brilliant play's
marked its progress. Cantlllon, who offi
ciated as umpire, was quick and accurate
In his decisions and hustled the men in
and out of the field in a lively fashion.
Charley Irwin of the All-Americas lifted
the ball over the left field fence for a
home, driving in Lajoie ahead of him.
Fast fielding on the part of the All-
Americas on several occasions prevented
the Nationals scoring. The score:
NATIONALS.
„_ ~" AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
an Haltren. c. t... 4 110 2 0 0
Mertes. 2b 4 1 2 0 3. 3 1
Chance, c 4 0 0 0 2 11
Beckley. lb .. 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Steinfeld, Sb & p.... 4 0 3 0 1 4 0
Everett, r. t 4.0 1 0 3 0 1
Hulen. ef 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Carr. L f 2 10 0 0 0.2
Hughes, p 2 • 0 0 • -4 0
McHale. 3b 10 0 0 12 1
Totals 33 3 7 0 24 14 6
ALL- AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Barrett, c. f 5 2 3 0 2 0 0
Pickering. 1. I „ 4 * . 2 - 0 2 0 0
Davis, lb r. 0 2 19 0 0
La Joie, 2b 5 2 2 0 2 3 0
Irwin. fs 5 110 2 3 0
Mercer, r f 5 0 2 0 0 0 0
Bradley. 3b 5 110 2 10
TERRY M'GOVERN WILL CONCEDE
EVERYTHING FOR A RETURN MATCH
Offers to Knock Young Corbett Out Before the Limit of Twenty
Roun.ds Be Reached or Forfeit the Entire Purse.
NEW TOR^, Nov. 29.— 1n -sporting cir
cles here rothing waF talked of to-day ex-
Ihe defeat of Terry McGovern by
Young Corbett yesterday in Hartford.
This afternoon Sam Harris, McGovern's
manager, posted $2500 to bind another
match, the Time and place to be at the
will of Young Corbett. In an interview
Harris said:
"In order to get a return match with
Young Corbett Triry will agree to knock
efore the limit of twenty or
twenty-five rounds is reached or forfeit
•ire purse. If Young Corbett think?
he is JJcGovern's master h* will cover
the forfeit which I have placed in repu
table hands. If he refuses to do so the
public can easily see who is the better
man.
"I don't wish to take away any of the
credit due to Tonne Cortoett over his
preat victory, but I still insist the result
of the fight was due to a fluke. When
McGovern was put down in the first
round his? head came in contact with the
• d floor of the ring, and this so
Ftunned him that he was in a dazed con
fter. McGovern had ail the
mill up to this time, and
had the ring been f added there would
have been another rtory to tell. In de
g the last blow Young Corbett did
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1
1 . ,
Its Secret
j The choicest of . select grain
! and thorough maturing is the
! secret of the purity, the per-
J fection and the excellence of
Up Baltimore
1 Hunter
Baltimore
I It is the only one
&Vp£^3£|| of Its kind and
I nothing like it.
ropS^J33Sfc!§^|« It is particularly
RvjJ. ' ? i'f lt} jja recommended to
KffiffiffiT^iJijßlai women because of
BcEaiilj » tfzß j[Jsst3 its age and ex-
I celience.
CHRISTY* WISE OOKKIRBTOK CO-In&,
SU-iB6 California Bt., San Fnociaco, CU.
r • Telephone Main t7i.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2S.— Los An
geles presented a team of odds
and ends to-day and as a result
San Francisco won easily. Spies'
and Dougherty's absence weak
ened the team and it went to pieces in
the fifth inning. Whalen let down some
in the ninth and the locals scored three
runs. Jones was effective except in one
inning- Score:
LOS ANGKLEP.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 5 0 0 0 8 10
Hemphill, 1. f 5 0 1 0 I 0 0
Atherton. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
Householder, c. f.... 3 2 2 2 5 0 0
Kihm, c 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
Hall. s. s 3 110 2 3 1
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 3 10
Bowman, r. f 3 1 0 0 0 0 0
Jones, p 4 0 2 0 14 0
Totals 34 4 6 2 27 11 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, 3b 5 2 3 0 14 0
Wilson, c 5 110 3 0 0
Hildebrand, 1. f 51 1 0 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 0 2 0 2 11
Pabst, c. f 5 1 0 0 4 0 0
Brockhoff, r. f 4 0 2 1 1 0 0
Shay, s. * 3 0 10 2 2 0
Graham, lb 2 0 1 0 10 0 0
Whalen, p 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 38 6 12 1 27 9 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 3—4
Base hits 1 00 100112—6
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 o—6
Base hits 2 10 2 3 112 o—l2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 1. Two-base
hits— Hemphill. Householder, Schwartz, Nor
dyke. Sacrifice hits— Shay, Graham. First base
on errors— Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 2. First
base on called balls— Los Angeles 4, San Fran
cisco 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 3, San
Francisco 9. Struck out— By Jones 4, by Wha
len 2. Hit by pitcher— Brockhoff. Double plays
—Hall to Atherton to Hutchinson. Time of
game— l:4o. Umpire— Harper.
Baseball for Charity.
The annual game of baseball between
nines representing the Produce Exchange
and the commission merchants will be
played this afternoon at the Sixteenth
and Folsom streets grounds. It is for the
benefit of the San Francisco Produce Ex
change Kindergarten. The game will be
called at 2:30 p. m. The line-up:
Produce Ex. Positions. Com. Merchants
Splivalo Catcher Smith
Walsh Pitcher Walker
Mills First base Webster
Gates Second base Pastene
Corcoran ThirJ base Larzelere
Luke Shortstop McGee
Neno Left field Stevens
Taylor Center field Shortall
Murrhy Right field Major
Sullivan, c 4 1 1 0 7 0 1
Waddell, p 4 0 0 0 111
Totals 42 10 14 1 27 8 ~*
RUNS AND HITS BY IXXIXGS.
Nationals 1 02000000—3
Base hits 0 12201010—7
All-Ainericas 1 2 2 0 0 2 0 3 •— 10
Base hits 2 2 3 0 12 0 4 •— 14
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Huiehes 3. Steinfeld 3
"Waddell 1. Home run— lrwin. Three-base hit
— Meicer. Two-base hits— Mertes 2. Steinfeld,
Barrett. First base on errors— Nationals 1
All-Americas 4. First basj on called balls-
By Hughes 1, by YVaddell 1. Left on bases—
Nationals 4, All-Americas 9. Struck out— By
Hughes 2, by Steinfeld 1. by Waddell 7. Dou
ble plays— Waddell to Davis; La Joie to Irwin
Passed ball— Sullivan. Time of game— l hour
and SO minutes. Umpire— Joe Cantillion. Scorer
—Rutherford.
The teams will leave for San Francisco
to-morrow morning and play in San Jose
on Sunday.
not realize himself that he had hit Terry
with effect, as his head was down and he
was swinging his hands wildly. It was
lucky enough to be a winning blow, and
what I consider a chance one.
"I am positive McGovern did not show
his true form in this contest and I am
willing to accept the proposition of James
C. Kennedy, manager and matchmaker
of the Twentieth Century Athletic Club
of San Francisco, who has offered a purse
of $10,000 for the men to meet again at his
club. I am quite willing that Terry shall
meet him again, under the same condi
tions, and would prefer to have the win
ner take all. I am not blowing and want
to be fair in this matter to give Corbett
all credit for his victory. In the making
of a new contract I will give him all the
time he desires to rest up before fighting
Terry again. I will wager as much as
$25,000 on the side that in case the men
FRIENDS HAVE
HIS BIG SECRET
Professor Wynn, Fam
ous Among Miners,
Dies Suddenly.
DENVER, Nov. 29.— Professor C. W.
Wynn, who recently created a sensation
in mining circles by the announcement
that he had discovered a process by which
he could recover enormous gold values
from what have been regarded as low
grade ores, died to-night at St. Joseph's
Hospital of strangulated hernia.
Professor Wynn had been in poor health
for a year, but was taken with the at
tack which caused his death yesterday,
being taken to the hospital at 6 o'clock
last night.
I-ittle is known by the public about the
Wynn process of gold extraction, and it
is discredited by many mining men, but
the fact that Willard Teller, a brother of
Vnited States Senator Henry M. Teller,
and ex-Judge fcidney Williams, both
prominent attorneys and capitalists of
this city, convinced of its truth, became
the financial backers of the discoverer,
gave it an interest to the nublic.
Professor Wynn and his partners had
been arranging for the establishment of
a large plant for the treatment of ores.
It is understood that both his partners
are the possessors of his secrets and that
hi.« death will not materially interfere
with their plans.
Professor Wynn was a native of Vir
ginia and was educated at the George-;
town University. His profession was that
of a chemist and for the last five years
he had devoted his entire time to the de
velopment of his gold process. He came
here from Kansas City in July last.
DES MOINES, Nov. 29.— 1n the United States
District Court this morning the Balliett Jury
was dismissed owlnfj to the death of one of its
members. The contending: sides could not agree
10 try the case before the eleven remaining
jurors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1!K>1.
Tf-^ WING'S cripples fell victims to
j. the wiles of the Senators from the
"^ Capital City yesterday at Recrea
. I -^ tion Park. The field was wet and
sloppy, making fast plays impos
sible and materially aiding the error*col
umn. Schmidt twirled the first four in
nings for the cripples, and the Senators
found him for a total of seven runs and
nine hits. Waterbury, as amateur, was
then substituted, and he held Beebe's men
down to two lonely singles. He was in
superb form, passing only one man to
first and making five strikeouts. Levy
called the game at the end of the eighth
inning on account of darkness.
Sacramento started after Schmidt at the
outset. Four singles and a fly to center
by Davis gave them two runs. During the
second round Stricklett singled, and with
the aid of Hanson's error and Sheehan's
hit he completed the trip. The Capital
City sluggers added four more to their
list in the fourth, though only two hits
were made. A few errors and Schmidt's
wildness in hitting Devereaux when the
sacks were crowded did the trick.
Mohler made a tally for the Dudes in
the initial round. He hit, took second on
Francks' out to second and first, and the
rest of his journey was made easy by
"Wrd Bill" Devereaux's error. Babbitt
and Hamilton were there with runs dur :
ing the seventh. Singles by Hamilton and
Mohler, Flood's error and a wild pitch
were the principal causes of the damage.
Stricklett was in rare form. He had the
cripples entirely at his mercy at every
stage of the game. His ten strikeouts in
eight innings beats all records this sea
son. Devereaux hit an apparently safe
one to left field in the first, but little
Hamilton captured it after a hard sprint.
Hamilton also had his batting eye with
him, as he made two of the cripples' six
hits. Francks' one-hand catch of Stan
ley's hot drive in the fourth was deserv
ing of the hand it received, being one of
those hair-raising plays that are so sel
dom seen. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 12 0 2 11
Francks. ss 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Dunleavy, c f 4 0 0 0 111
Streib r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Eagan'. Id 4 0 10 4 10
Babbitt, 3b 4 10 0 3 10,
Hamilton, I. f 3 12 0 2 0 0
Hanson, c 3 0 0 0 S 0 1
Schmidt, p 1 0 0 0 0 1 1
Waterbury, p 2 0 0 0 110
'Totals 32 3 6 0 24 10 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b 3 110 2 4 1
Sheehan, 3b 5 13 0 0 2 0
Stanley, c 5 0 2 1 11 0 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 10 10 0
Hoffer r. 1 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Davis lb 4 1 0 0 7 0 1
McLaughlin, 1. f 3 1 1 0 t> 0 0
Devereaux, ss 2 0 0 0 2 1 0
Stricklett. p 4 2 2 1 0 0 0
Totals 34 7 11 2 24 - 7 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 1 4 0 0 0 0 o—7
Base hits 4 2 2 10 10 I—ll
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 o— a
Base hits 2 001002 1— C
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Schmidt 5. Two-base
hits— Stricklett, Eagan. Sacrifice hit— Flood.
First base on errors — Oakland 2, Sacramento 1.
First base on called balls — Oakland 1, Sacra
mento 3. Left on hasps — Oakland 4, Sacramento
8. Struck out— By Schmidt 2, by Waterbury
6, by Stricklett H). Hit by pitcher— Devereaux
2. Double plays — Mohler to Eagan, Babbitt to
Francks to Mohler. Wild pitch— Stricklett.
Tim-? of game— l:4o. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
meet again Terry will win. I notice that
it has been published that Corbett has
won the featherweight championship.
This is not true. McGovern defeated
George Dixon for the title of feather
weight champion, the limit for which is
122 pounds. When Terry won it he turned
the scales at only 118 and he is now ready
at all times to defend his championship
honors at the limit, 122 pounds, against
any one."
Tom Sharkey has taken charge of Dave
Sullivan, the featherweight pugilist, and
to-day issued a challenge to Young Cor
bett. He says Sullivan is anxious to
tackle Young Corbett under the same
conditions that Y r oung Corbett met Mc-
Govern yesterday. He is ready at any
moment to match at 126 pounds, the dura
tion of the battle being limited to twenty
or twenty-five rounds. Sharkey is willing
to bet $2500 or $5000 on the side
SHARP HEELS
MAKE WOUNDS
Deputy Coroner Tells
More About Young
Ayers' Death.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Upon the eve
of the adjournment to-day of the Crimi
nal Court before which Mrs. Lola Ida
Bonine is being tried for the killing of
James S. Avers Jr., District Attorney
Gould, announced . that the Government
would rest its case after the introduction
of one or two more witnesses and that
he expected to conclude at the morning
session of the court to-day. «"»«uns
, T. W. Keane will then make a prelimi
nary statement in Mrs. Bonine's behalf
and witnesses for the defense will be in
troduced. It is expected that about twen
ty-five of these will be heard. Mrs Bo
nine's counsel said. that they have not yet
the Snd " ShG ShaU ¦be put u P° n
' Deputy Coroner Glazebrook to-day con
cluded his testimony and Detective Horn
told of the confession which Mrs. Bonn"
first made to him of her part in the tra":
edy. Her confession to the Chief of Po
lice was also read. . Dr. Glazebrook gave
it as his opinion £ hat the ' abrasion! on
Ayers legs might have been caused dv a
woman kicking him with sharp heeled
slippers, and said that the . bruises on
Mrs. Bonnie's arms looked as though they
may have been made by a man's thumb as
he was gripping the arms.
Accused of Cattleman's Murder.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 29.-Extradition
papers were issued to-day on Governor
Dockery of Missouri for Benjamin Kil
patrick, the alleged highwayman, who
was arrested recently in St. Louis on a
charge of being concerned in the Mon
tana train robbery. He will be taken to
Concho County, where he will be tried
on a charge of murdering- Oliver Thorn
ton, a cattleman.
BRITT WINS
HIS BOUT
WITH BELL
The Olympic Club Light
weight Tak>s Only Half a
Round to Whip Opponent
Sam Berger Defeats Gallagher
on Points in a Lively Match.
Many Methods cf Boxers
James Britt, the Olympic Club's crack
lightweight boxer, sustained his reputa
tion last night as a hard hitter. In a
special tournament in the club gymna
sium he met Fred Bell and conceding him
some ten pounds in weight won cleverly.
The bout was scheduled for four rounds,
but Britt brought it to an end in one min
ute and thirty seconds' fighting in the
first round.
Neither man had done much work when
suddenly Britt landed a left hook on the
chin which knocked Bell unconscious. Be
fore he commenced to fall Britt's right
hand glove caught him on the head. The
force of the blow turned him around and
after he struck the padded floor there was
still enough impetus to cause him to roll
over.
S. Berger was given the decision over
Andy Uallagher, the amateur heavy
weight champion. Berger, with his long
reach, could outpoint his bulky opponent
boxing, but chose infighting instead. Gal
lagher landed frequently, but seemed to
do most of his hitting with the open
glove.
Bob Johnson and Barney Driscoll wore
the first brace of boxers in the ring.
Driscoll was the aggressor, although eacn
was trying all the time. The fight wa.-> a.
busy, bustling one. The decision was
given Johnson on points, he having land
ed the most clean blows.
Louis Richards was stopped by Paul
Martin in two minutes' fighting. Richards
seemed to have stage fright. His efforts
were slow and ineffective. He was
knocked to his knees and stayed down
the full ten seconds.
Erank George and Joseph Neilan came
together like a pair of battering rams, if
a kinetoscope picture machine man coul-1
transfer the action of the fight to his
films it would make his fortune. The
judges decided in favor of George. The
fight was the one dash of comedy to re
lieve the serious aspect of the night's
sport.
Al Ahrens knocked Harry Baker down
twice in the first round of their bout.
Baker was palpably out of condition.
Referee E. J. Smith stopped the bout lv
the second round.
The officials were: Referee, E. J. Smitn;
judges — W. J. Leonard and E. M. Graney;
timekeeper, F. R. Butz; announcer, R.
McGibben. ,
HEARING IN EKBERG
MURDER CASE IS BEGUN
Threats Made Against Life of Alma
Miller, Chief Witness for Pros
ecution.
The preliminary examination of John
M. Riley on a charge of murder for kill
ing Otto M. Ekberg a non-union team
ster, on Townsend street, between Ritch
and Clyde streets, November 9, was com
menced before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
afternoon.
Mrs. Alma Miller testified to seeing the
defendant strike Ekberg on the head with
a piece of pipe. She was within six feet
of him at the time and had a good side
v-iew of him. Riley kept his face turned
from her while she was testifying, out
she pointed to him as the man who struck
the fatal blow.
The. other witnesses examined were
Policeman David Koegel, Who saw the
body on the sidewalk and found a loaded
revolver in the deceased's pocket; Wil
liam E. Jones, secretary of the Nolan
Drayage Company, who also saw the
body lying on the sidewalk, and Charles
Johnson, a boy, who testified to having
had a conversation with the defendant the
day before the murder, in which Riley
remarked that he had not "got" Ekberg
yet, but he would "get him soon." Th&
case was continued till Monday afternoon.
Mrs. Miller complained to Captain Sey
mour yesterday that her life had been
threatened, supposedly by friends of the
defendant, if she testified against him. A
man called at her house Thursday night
pretending that he had a turkey for her,
but she refused to open the door. She
was assured of ample police protection.
P.TTRGLABS PAY VISITS
TO TWO LARGE STORES
Steel Box in F. A. Week Company's
Safe Forced Open and Contents
Stolen.
The front door of the warehouse of the
F. A. Week Company, manufacturing
pharmacists, 127 New Montgomery-street,
was found open by Policemen Harrison
and Barry about half-past 4 o'clock yes
terday morning. They at once notified
police headquarters and Detectives Dinan
and Bailey immediately went to the place.
They discovered the safe open. 'i'he steel
box inside had been forced open by
punching the lock off. The front door of
the safe had been forced with a "jimmy. 1 '
When the members of the firm reacned
the office yesterday morning they stated
they had been working late Thursday
night and had left the safe door open.
There was $50 in coin and two bundles
of papers stolen from the steel box. 'J.he
papers were of no value to any one ex
cept the firm.
Between 2 and 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Policemen Murrin, Tobin and Owens
discovered that the rear door on Steven
son street of Olsen & Co.'s store, 715 Mar
ket street, had been smashed in, presum
ably by the same crooks who visited the
Week Company's premises. The officers
thoroughly searched the interior of the
store, but found no one. They noticed
the proprietor by telephone, who later
said he did not miss anything from me
store.
GANG OF HOODLUMS
TO BE SUPPRESSED
Residents at Eleventh and Natoina
Streets Ask for More Adequate
Police Protection.
Hugh Hannan, Frank Moran, John Ben
nett and Thomas Kane appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace. The complaining
witness was Mrs. O. J. Langmuth,
who has a store at 131 Eleventh street.
She and others testified that the defend
ants belonged to a gang of hoodlums who
gather on the corner of Eleventh and Na
toma streets and insult every woman who
passes. They also amused themselves, she
said, by throwing refuse and stones into
stores and breaking windows. The Judge
convicted the defendants and ordered
them to appear for sentence this morn-
A delegation of residents in the neigh
borhood, accompanied, by Attorney W. G.
Burke, waited upon Chief Wittman and
complained that the police protection was
inadequate. C. Code stated that his life
had been threatened by the gang because
he had complained to the police, and
asked for a permit to carry a revolver.
The Chief advised Code to make his ap
plication and it would be brought before
the next meeting of the Commissioners.
He also promised the delegation that ade
quate police protection would be provided
in future.
Plethora of Witnesses.
When the case of Mrs. Reeves Atkinson,
charged with maintaining a nuisance in
the shape of a private sanitarium at 1815
Sutter street, was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday afternoon the courtroom
was filled with witnesses. The Judge was
informed that there were thirty-three wit
nesses for the prosecution and forty-nine
for the defense. The Judge agreed to give
a whole week in the afternoons to the
case, commencing December 16, and it
was continued till that date.
ORDNUNG AGAIN BEATS AUTOLIGHT
IN THE MUDDY GOING AT OAKLAND
The Weaver Is Plunged en to Win a Maiden Event and Rameses
Downs Him a Neck in a Driving Finish — Cromwell Captures
a Purse — Botany Leads Out Sol Lichtenstein, a Hot Favorite
y-^ EFORE a crowd that looked
L^) small in comparison with the big
FyV holiday throng of the day before
JL_^/ the Schoor mud lark, Ordnung ,
gave Green Morris' crack per
former Autolight another beating. Once
before the pair met under nearly precise
conditions and the result was the same.
Even now there are many who think Au
tolight can reverse the verdict. This is
based no doubt on the start in yester
day's race, both Ordnung and Articulate
outbreaking the Morris entry. The three
horses named were the only starters, and
the friends of Ordnung once got 8 to 5 for
their money. At the start Johnny Woods
let the favorite skip right out in front.
Articulate kept him close company to the
stretch and there shot his bolt. By this
time O'Connor had brought Autolight into
play, and although the race was run just
right to suit the latter horse, which is a
slow beginner, Ordnung won by a length.
The going was sloppy and cut up in
places, and the time I:lsV* marks an ex
cellent performance. However, there still
exists a doubt as to the relative merits of
the two horses and they will probably
clash again. :
Four well backed favorites in The
Weaver, Urchin, Sol Lichtenstein and De
coy were bowled over. On paper the pro
gramme did not wear a very "classy"
look, but some extensive wagering was
indulged in.
The Weaver, a maiden 2-year-old owned
by Hugh Wilson, the Butte hotel man,
was made the medium of a huge plunge
in the opening scramble. From threes tne
price was gradually chopped to 8 to 5 and
the hot one lost the decision to Rameses
by a neck. No excuses could be offered
for The Weaver, as he was simply out
footed by Green Morris' colt, which was
excellently ridden by Birkenruth.
In the seven furlong run which fol
lowed all the starters carried their
weight and it wore a catch-as-catch-can
look. Urchin, with Bullman up, finally
closed favorite, only to be collared and
downed with consummate ease by Rose of
Hilo, a 10 to 1 shot, piloted by Ruiz.
Henry Spencer put old Cromwell over
the line first for the mile and a sixteenth
selling event. Ed Purser's horse came in
for plenty of support, going to the post a
3 to 2 favorite. To the splendid ride he
received more than to anything else can
be attributed his victory. Spencer al
lowed Ned Dennis, the dangerous looking
one, to go out with St. Anthony and then
cutting loose in the run home disposed
of Dennis by a length. O'Connor finished
third with Alicia.
Dr. Rowell's black youngster, Sol Lich
tenstein, was looked upon as a certainty
for the five furlong two-year-old sprint.
Birkenruth did not get him away from
the post in very good shape and Woods
on Botany led him from start to finish.
Phyllis ran a poor third.
The closing mile and a sixteenth proved
a difficult guessing problem. Decoy
seemed to catch the fancy of the book
makers and handicappers and was made
the favorite. Woods rated him and ran
unplaced. Duckoy, ridden by Bullman,
made nearly all the pace, and though
pressed hard at the end by Lodestar, won
by half a length.
I Track Notes.
The officials at Oakland stated yester
day that racing will be continued at the
track across the bay until after the first
of ¦ the year.*.
Winslette was slightly injured in a mix
up at the post in the fifth event. : .
"Pi" Ruiz, it is said, has received an
offer to go to Australia and ride. Eddie
Ames, from recent accounts, is meeting
with marked success on the Island con
tinent.
Barney Schreiber. looking " hale and
hearty, arrived on last night's overland
from St. ' Louis. He will cut in at the
booking game next week. Barney says he
has a grand looking lot of yearlings by
Sain, Balgowan and Service at his "Wood
lands farm; far better than any of the
•yearlings he saw East, unless those of
the Keenes' be excepted. - As to the re
ports telegraphed here that he had signed
Dugan to do his riding Barriey said there
was no truth to it. He still has hope of
bringing Cochran out here, although some
sort of a controversy over a contract is
going on between the crack lightweight's
father and John McCafferty. i
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows: -
•Fiist race— Six furloncs, selling ; • three-year
olds ?»nd upward: ¦ ...
2981 On Time .100 2884 Rinaldo 11l
28S1 Alas 11l 2859 Mike Rice 117
2891 Searchlight ... .114 i 2659 Casdale .114
2SII Gold Baron... HlJ(273S)TaIma ..11l
2594 Invictus .......109
Second race— Six 'furlongs, sell ins;; three
year-olds and upward: . -. , . .
*2593 Billy Lyons. ...IQI 2596 Torsina ........109
2SSG Quiz II 104 2897 Parsifal ........104
2703 Rollick 104 2854 The Miller 113
Third — Futurity course, selling:; two
year-olds:
285 Dr. Scharff 11? <2868)C0m. Forster...ll. ,
2855 Hainault llf 2906 Sir. Lewis....... 118
: 2563 Silva Cruz. US (28S5)Louwelsea 115
2599 Porous .....;. ..US 2555 Flourish .......113
... Ingo 118 t. V; '' "" 1-:"1 -' : "'
Fourth race — Six furlongs, selling; three
year-olds and upward:
(2SS3)Floronso 1..1141 .... Afghan .........111
2896 Midn't Chimes. ll7 2SBI Tiburon 11l
2872 Censor ....112 ; 2894 Clarando 114
2892 Nellie Forest... 106 1 2889 Mocorito : 114
. Fifth race— Seven furlongs, ; selling;; three
year-olds and upward: . ¦.
(2891) Hungarian 107 2900 Sea Lion ....110
2734 Grafter ". 102 2887 Horton " 110
2880 Rio Shannon... 110 1
* Sixth race — One mile, selling; three-year-olds
and upward: • , .
2901 Plphn ..........109 (2897)Sunello ...... 109
2SBB Bob Pa1mer.... .10") 2877 Merops ....109
2895 Herculean .....109 2597 The Singer... -...109
(28S4)Sugden 109. 2587 Wyoming 109
Selections for To-Day.
, First race— Searchlight, Casdale, Invictus.
Second race— Rollick, The Miller, Quiz 11. v
Third race — Forster, Sir Lewis, Lou
welsea. - - ' ¦¦>.*•'¦ ¦: • -. * ¦ : '.¦
EDWARD'S SON
SEERS THE CUP
Prince of Wales May
Send New Challeng
ing Yacht.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— 1t is quite likely
that the Prince of Wales will challenge
for the America's cup the races to be
sailed next year.
According to the Manchester Guardian
a number of eminent yachting men pro
pose asking the Prince of Wales to ac
cept as a present a new yacht to be taken
by the Prince across the Atlantic as a
challenger for the America's cup.
Among the supporters of the move
ment are Lord Dunraven. Sir Edward
Sassoon, Colonel Harry McCalmont, M.
P. ; W. J. Pirrie of the shipbuilding firm
of Harland & Wolff, Sir Thomas Upton
and Colonel Denny. It is believed the new
90-footer now building in Denny's yards
at Dumbarton is intended as a present,
for the Prince.
WOONSOCKET, R. 1., Nov. 29.— The Clear
River Woolen Mills, located at Bridgetown,
burned to-day. Loss $12,000.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
-
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday. Nov. 29.— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
2902. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; maiden two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
• . • ' • ¦ ~~>~>^^~. BetUnpT
Index. Horse and "Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
'¦ 2824 Rameses 100 3 12 25 In In G. B. Morris.... Birkenruth 8 9-2
... The/Weaver . 108 1 2 2 In 210 212 H. I. Wilson.. J. Matthews 13-5 8-5
• 2878 Major Bird .;. 100 2 5% 4% 3 1 31 W. E. Cotton Hoar 7 9
2878 Milas 103 7 3V, 5 % 4 2 4 2 W. B. Jennings & Co. O' Neil 3 5
; 2878 St. Chester ........100 6 85 33 52 5 3 E. J. Baldwin & Co. Ransm 7 12
2842 Senator 8ruce..... 105 4 In 6 2 63 62 J. L. Clayton & Co. Burlgm « 15
2824 Wandering 80y.... 97 87% 73 71 71 La Siesta Ranch.. Winslette 10 15
Lillie Dale 97 11 10 2 82 3 2 82 Liberty Stable Treanor 60 60
2842 Torila .....100 5 4% 93 95 94 Wheeler & Creeltnan. . Daly 10 10
2842 Peggy Miles ......100 10 9 1 10 8 10 8 10 10 J. S. Jackson Stuart 15 40
2878 Perfection 101 [9 11 U 11 11 C. Earl & Co...Fanntleroy j 20 40
Time— To %, :22; to %, :47^4; last %, 1:04%; short %, 1:14%. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, G. B. Morris' eh. c. by Goldfinch-Fleurette. Matthews on The Weaver drew
his whip down the stretch, losing ground by the move. Winner nicely ridden. Major Bird
showed some improvement. ' St. Chester with a good ride can do better. Torila should have
been closer up. Scratched— Ladaen 108, Budd Wade 105. •>
2903. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up;~vaTue~tcTflrstrs32£
| __ - _ _ _ Betting."
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. V*. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2584 Rose of Hilo. 4....119 2 3V. 34 3111 George Webb Ruiz! 10 .5
_ 2287- Urchin, 4 119 4 11 22 11 23 P. G. Lynch Bullman 2 5-2
2889 Trimmer. 6 119 5 2% 12 2% 3n Dr. H. E Rowell.Blrkruthi 8 12
: 2884 Romany, 5 119 6 10 72 4h 44 Liberty Stable Collisi 40 50
2895 Koenlg. 6 119 9 81 63 52 5 2 A. Genevein Vlttatoe 5 «
•2884 Whaleback, 5 ....119 8 6h 44 65 66 E. Carey Burllngame 6' 10
... Mazo. 5 119 152 5h 73 74 A. G. Blakely..J. Matthews 5 5
; .... Scintillate. 6 119 3 41 9% 83 82 Mrs. Grossheim & Co. Kelly 60 100
... Go Out, 4 122 7 71 84 95 94 J. Burrows Mounee 2 5
-2876 Idalette, 4 119 10 9 h 10 10 10" J." C. Nealon Tullett| 30 100
Time— V,, :13; %. :23%; %. :51%; %. 1:20%; %,1:33%. Good start. Won easily. • Second
. third driving. Winner. George Webb's eh. m. by Apache-Jennie K. Winner had worked well
and was best of a poor lot. Trimmer showed improvement. Whaleback won't do. Go
Out ran as if he never had a chance to come In.
2904. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
_ I __-_ . ' . \ Betting.
Index. I Horse, Age, Wt.!St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2876) Ordnung. 5 109 2 11 11 11 11 J. W. Schorr J. Woods 1 8-5
2876 Autolight. 3 108 1 3 3 3 3 2 4 G. B. Morris O'Connor 3 11-5
2875 Articulate, 3 IC7 125 2% 2% 3 W. C. de B. Lopez.. Mounce 2 11-5
Time— y 4 . :25%; %. :50; %, 1:15%. Bad start. Won all out. Second driving. Winner, J. W.
Schorr's eh. g. by Jim Gore or Order-Highland Lass. Other two outbroke Autollght at
start. Ordnung can outsprint Autolight. Articulate was beaten at head of stretch and
swerved near the close.
2905. FOURTH RACE— I 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first, $325. ¦ •
l 1 I ~ : ~~ i Bettln*.
Index. IHorse, Age, Wt. St. Vi- %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2*83 [Cromwell, a 11211 21 4% 22 11 E. Purser Spencer! 2 3-2
(2SS2) !Ned Dennis, 4 11112 3h 22 11 2 5 D. C. McCarthy... .Mounee' 5-2 2
(2758) lAlieia. a 10715 56 3h 4 1 34 IP. Moore O'Connor 2 4
(2572) iDarlene. 3 9616 4h 510 5 5 4 % I Dr. H. E. Rowell... Jackson ; « 7
2854 Ist. Anthony, 4 10713 1% In 3% 540 John Kane Prior! 60 inn
2823 j Ping. 6 105 1 4 6_ 6 6 6 C. W. Chappell Stuart 10 8
Time— l-16, :07: %, :23; H. :51: %, 1:19; mile. 1:47; 1 l-16m, 1:53%. Good start. Won first thre»
driving. Winner, E. W. Purser's eh. h. by St. Blaise-Flavina. No fault could be found
with Spencer's ride on winner. Mounee on Ned Dennis did not pick the best going. Alicia
outfooted. Ping ran poorly. '
2006. FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; value to first, $323.
j I ~ ~ Bettine.
Index. I Horse and Weight. jSt. %. %. Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. I Op. CT.
(2890) Botany 11016 12 15 14 13 E. E. Edwards. ..J. Woods! 9 5
' 2879 Sol Lichtenstein...lOs 5 33 34 2% 210 'Dr. H. E. Rowell.. Birknrthl 6-5 1
2585 Phyllis 107 2 23 2 1 31 3n A. J. Stemler & Co.. O' Con I 6
... ' Dave Somers 110 14% 61 4% 43 W. W. Elliott Mmm« 6 I
2821 IWaterscratch 105 8 7 2 8 6 2 II G. Summers *Co Hoar 1 7 12
(2573) ISir Lewis 113 4 8 7 2 5 % 6 5 M. J. Daly L. Daly 1 ft 10
(2878) Arthur Ray 1131 7 5 2 5 % 710 710 IJ. L. Clayton & Co..Bullmn ! 10 20
2756 IGypsy Boy 113 1 3 6 1 4 1 8 8 ICapps & Long... Winslette 20 40
Time— % :12%: %.-' :24: %. :43%; %. 1:02. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
¦Winner, E. E. : Edwards' br. g. by Watercress-Pensa. Botany outbroke his company. Lich
tenstein away none too well and hustled at the start for a position. Waterscratch ran a
wretched race. I Sir Lewis can do better. Dave Somers has speed
2007. SIXTH RACE— 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first. $323.
1 • Betting
Index. Horse, Age. Wt.lSt. %. -Str. Fin. ! Owner, and Jockey. ' Op. "ci.
(2874) Duckoy. 4 113! 1 3 2 11% 1 2 1% H. J. Jones Bullman 5-2 5-2
(2895) Lodestar, a,.. ...'.. 1121 4 4% 41 3% 26 Dan O'Keefe & Co.. Spencer 1 3 4
(2886) Dunblane, 4 11012 11 2% 2n 33 W. B. Jennings & Co..O'Cnl 9-2 7
(2846) Decoy. 4 10913 21 35 410 45 George Miller J. Woods! 8-5 8-5
Disturber. 5 11316 6 6 5 2 5 2 J. N. Mounee Mouneej 8 13
2895 Bonnie Lissak. 3... 981 5 5 1 516 6 Ezell & Lazarus.. Blrkenrthi 8 20
Time— l-16, :06%; %, :25H: %. :51Vi: %. 1:13%; mile. 1:43%; 1 l-16m. 1:52. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. H. J. Jones' b. g. by Brutus-Decoy Duck. Dtickoy was lam»
* but mud is his forte. He was straight as a piece of gas pipe at the wire. "Decoy quit.'
Bonnie Lissak never in it. - i
Fourth race— Floronso, Midnight Chimes, Mo
corito.
Fifth race — Hungarian. Sea Lion. Horton.
Sixth race— Herculean. Merops. Plohn.
LORD DERBY, THE TROTTER,
BRINGS A LONG PRICE
Is, Sold at Auction to M. Lamar for
$10,500 — Other Well-Known
Horsss Disposed Of.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— A number of
fast trotters and pacers were disposed of
at the Fasig-Tipton auction to-day. Lord
Derby 2:06^, and Shadow Chimes, 2:o6=Vi,
the two stars of the Hamlin stables, were
reserved for sale until 3 o'clock, at which
time the horses entered tha ring. Lord
Derby was driven by Ed Geers. M.
Lamar and E. E. Smithers. both of this
city, made the bidding lively until $10,000
was reached. This was Mr. Lamar s last
bid and Mr. Smithers secured the horse
for $500 more. Other bidders for Lord
Derby, in addition to Messrs. Lamar and
Smithers, were Wallace Pears o' Sharps
burg Pa., who bid to $9500, and Nathan
Straus, who bid to $8000. At the Hartford
meeting this summer Mr. Smithers of
fered $20 000 for Lord Derby. His offer
was refused. Shadow Chimes went to
William West of Edinburgh, Scotland, for
$5100. The principal sales were:
Pilot Bell, b. g., o, to C. A. Becker, New-
Lord Derby, b. g., 6, E. E. Smithers. $10,500.
King Charles, eh. g., 3, H. Stenson, Cleve
laShatow°'chimes. br. f.. 5, William West,
Diamond King, eh. g-., 5, C. A. Williams,
New York, $1101.
Nathan Straus, b. g., M. Bowerman, Lex-
n Nancy Girling, br. f., R. J. Errat, Ottawa,
Guy Onward, b. c, ' John McDonald, Hart
ford," $1500.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Race Results at Bennings and New
Orleans Meetings.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 29.— Crescent City
First race, six furlongs— Serpent won, Cres
LOSES A FORTUNE
AT POKER TABLE
Washington Man Parts
With Fifty-Six Thou
sand Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLA WALLA, Nov. 29.— After three
days of steady gambling for the biggest
stakes seen in years in this part of the
Northwest, Nicholas Schneidisch was
forced to quit the game penniless, having
lost $56,000 to John Kremer.
Kremer is proprietor of the Prescott
Hotel, in a little hamlet near Snake
River, twenty-five miles north of here.
The poker game took place at his hotel.
Schneidisch, who was visiting Kremer,
started in with his ready money, but
ended by passing over I. O. IT.'s and a bill
of sale for his property. He concealed the
extent of his loss until Kremer came in
to-day to collect and gave out the story.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Mayor-elect Low an
nounced to-day the appointment of Colonel John
N. Partridge as Police Commissioner of Greater
New York. Colonel Partridze is now State Su-
Derlntendent of Public Works.
cent City second. Harry Brennan third. Time
1:15.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— My M/>
rella won, Olekma second. Tartar third. Time.
Third race, selling, one mile— Waterhouse
won, Mr. Phinizy second, Frank M third.
Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs— Add tron.
Princess O'Lillie second, Kohnwreath third.
Time. l:l4\i.
Fifth race, selling, mile and three-eightha—
Amote won. Marcos second, Dandola third.
Time. 1:21. , , |
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Eda Riley
won, Deloraine second, Jane Wood third. Time
1:50.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Bennings sum
mary:
First race, mile and fifty yards— Prosper La
Gai won, Kalif second. Lee .King third. Time.
1:46.
Second race, five furlongs— Slidell wen. Orla
second. White Owl third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
Third race, seven furlongs— Zemora won.
Land of Clover second, Carlognian third.
Time, I:2S.
Fourth race, six furlongsi — Colonel Bill won.
Extinguisher second, Blanche Hermann third.
Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, mile and forty yards— Federalist
won. Balloon second, Lou Rey third. Time
1:48 4-3.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Potente
won. Scnrlet Lily second, Charlie Moore third.
Time, 1:57.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PRISONER
Who escapes from jail is by no mean*
free. He is under the ban of the law
and punishment is written over against
his name. Soon or - _ .
late he will be {***^^,t^
caught again and, *.mf fcrft^C^
bear added punish- fHEaHBr
ment for his short -fjlfflgUi *
escape from his cell, jHsjgliJL.
use of palliative risk m
powders and tablets Ivl P^T
escape for a time "SIM It-^V^
from the sufferings ra/ls lif^T^k
of dyspepsia are in rKMUt^^^k
the same condition Inan^
as the escaped pris- "™^S|g^lßaif
oner. Soon or late Ik .ffisr'v*/
they will go back to ¦ %. x_ '
the old condition ES&'ii
and pay an added i» kS Bff
penalty for tempor- l mw &*jgg£
ary release. "* f~
Dr. Pierces Gold- A. i^»4
en Medical Discoy- I KS Ha^
cry cures dyspepsia Iffl^m
and other diseases jCy
of the stomach and wll *
organs of digestion *^J . U
and nutrition. Its %£&
cures are lasting.
" For about. two years *
I suffered from a very obstinate case of dysp«^
sia," writes R. E. Sscord, Esq., of 13 Eastern
Aye., Toronto, Ontario. ''I tned a great num. .
ber of remedies without success. I "finally lost
faith it ''em all. . I was so far gone that I could
not be&. .»ny solid food on my stomach for a lon*
time; felt melancholy and depressed. Could not
sleep or follow my occupation (tinsmith). Some
four months ago a friend recommended your
¦ ' Golden Medical Discovery.* After a week's
treatment I had derived so much benefit that I .
continued the medicine. I have taken three
-bottles and am convinced it has in my case ac-
complished a permanent cure. I can conscien-
tiously recommend it to the thousands of dys-
peptics throughout the land."
Accept no substitute for w Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs. .
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets atimniaf
the liver
56
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 30, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS. Proprietor. '*$
Ittetn All Cosuavnic&tiOM to W. 8. LEASE, H»t&rsr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
rUBLICAI'IOS OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l>r Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
¦• Stngrle Copies. C Cents.
V. Term* Ity Slail, Including: Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year J«.OO
DJULT CALL (including Sunday). C months 3.00 ,
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), S months 1.60 j
DAILY CALL— Single Month 65c I
EUXDAT CALL. One Year.... .*. I- 50 j
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear i- 09 |
All postmasters ere authorized Co receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies •will be forwarded wheD requested.
XI&51 subscribers in orderlnc change of address .should be j
particular to jflve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order j
to insure a prompt and correct compliance -with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE . 7 .". V . .11 IS Br.^dvray
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. •
Katsgtr Foreiga Adverting, Marqnette Building. Chicane.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: ¦ . '
C. C. CARLTON . Herald Square
NEW YORK. REPRESENTATIVE:
£TEr HEX B. SMITH . . .... .30 Tribune Building
. ¦'¦ NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: V ' ;
Waiaorf-Astoria. Hotel; •A. . Brentano, SI Union Square;
¦fen** EUI HoteL ,_
.¦CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Htrtel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. 1 ; •'¦¦¦
WASIIIXGTOX <D. C.) OFFICE. . « .14OG G St., X. W.
. MORTOX E. CRASS, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES ST7 Montgomery, come/ of Clay, open
crtil 9:30 o'clock. 300 Kayes, open ur.til 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:29 o'clock. «15 Larldn. open until
:S0 o'clock. ISO. Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open -until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open untii 8 o'clock.
200 Ftllmore. open until 9 p. m. .
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Ton Tonson."
Tivcli— "The Geisha."
Central— "Siberia."
Alcazar — "We 'Uns of Tennessee."
Columbia— "One the Quiet."
•Jrjiheum — Vaudev: le.
Grand O:>era-house — ""Cannex:."
Climes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.mc
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. _^_^__
CTIO.N SAI.ES.
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday evening, December !, at 7:45
o'clock, Thoroughbred Horses, at 7-1 Howard street.
BRYAN AND SOCIALISM.
MR. T. J. MORGAN, a leading socialist, re
cently declared the secret of the transforma
tion of the Democratic party in 1896, which
noed in 1900. He admits that the socialists cap
tured the parly to use it for their purposes and that
they recognize its declaration of principles as social
istic, and therefore find its use as an organization in
line with their work and deserving of their support.
The Chicago Chronicle, the only Democratic
paper in that city, takes this as confirmation of its
position against Bryan in 1896,- without, however,
stopping tc explain its support of him in 1900 upon
a platform still more socialistic.
The Chronicle now says that Bryan was used as
instrument by the socialists to capture the
Democratic party. It says: "Millions of Demo
crats voted for Bryan through the force of party
habit and with no idea of departing from well estab
lished Democratic principles, but the elements
which controlled these millions and which contrib
uted perhaps a few hundred thousand votes to the
cause were socialistic and in some cases anarchistic."
We reprint this with no desire to touch the ire
sprir.g of the Willows Journal and set it vibrating
again, but merely to quote in support of The Call's
opinion of Bryanism the most respectable Demo
cratic authority in the United States.
The Chronicle continues: "The free silver propa
ganda was popular with socialists and anarchists be
cause they perceived that it was an assault on many
forms of hoarded wealth, and their more numerous
dupes did not at once realize the fact that it was
equally menacing to the thrift}- man of small means
who was dependent on a fixed income. It was this
subtle attack upon wealth and credit which brought
into the campaign as Bryan's assistants all of the
flaming bigots, agitators and revolutionists from
Maine to Oregon and gave that alarming aspect to
the contest which has been described as the arrayal
of class against class. Left to themselves and oper
ating under their true colors the socialists could not
have made much impression upon political and busi
ness life. It was the Democratic name and organiza
tion, backed by millions of loyal but misguided Dem
ocrats, -which made the movement formidable."
This will make the steadfast gold Democrats
chortle, but will it influence the perverted organiza
tion of which Mr. Bryan is at once the life and the
death? Probably not, and for the reason that the
men who comn-ose it will control its next national
convention and will have to eat their last two plat
forms. The party will probably continue in its so-.
cialistic orbit, which carried it nearer the Presidency
in 1896 than ever again, and now is removing it
farther away until, like a comet, it will disappear in
space, and if it ever come back will probably come
with its socialistic tail amputated or worn off by the
nsk of wagging its body.
Ira recent address on "The Psychology of Fashion"
Professor Vincent of the University of Chicago said:
"The basis of fashion in this country is competitive
imitation. Every person, in whatever station of life,
but more particularly in the upper and middle classes,
attempts to outdo a neighbor in style of garments,
architecture or manners laid down by some leader.
The desire to be in fashion amounts to a positive de
termination to otitdo others, and this competitive
imitation amounts to a mad clambering up the rungs
be social ladder." It appears, then, that fashion
is just about as good an incentive to action as any
other. It keeps men moving.
German shipowners recently held a conference for
the purpose of devising ways- and means for counter
acting "the spread of American influence on the
ocean," and thus we have another proof that Uncle
Sam is getting there with both feet.
Every new report of the preparations King Ed
ward is making for his coronation is followed by a
rumor that his health is failing, and it seems to be
about even betting whether the grand ceremony will
turn out to be a coronation or a state funeral.
ELASTIC CURRENCY PLAN.
ADVICES from Washington are to the effect
that one of the first bills submitted to Con
gress when it assembles will be the Lovering
bill, reported at the last session by the House Com
mittee on Banking and Currency, and designed "to
make the currency responsive to the varying needs
of business at all seasons and in all sections." The
bill was carefully prepared by the committee last
winter, but was completed too late for action at that
session. It was reported, however, in order that it
might be brought before the public and discussed by
those interested during the vacation. The framers
are now sanguine it will be approved by the country
and they expect to submit it as soon as Congress or
ganizes and urge its immediate consideration.
The object of the bill is to give greater elasticity
to the circulation of national bank notes and to en
able the banks under suitable safeguards to expand
the amount of paper currency during the season
when the crops are being moved and at other times
when the business of the country demands it. The
operation of the bill is to be gradual, so as to permit
of something in the way of experimental stages be
fore the full amount of the ultimate expansion in
tended is to be permitted. Thus it is provided that
for a period of three years national banks are to be
permitted to issue unsecured notes to the extent of
10 per cent of their capital; that is, notes resting
upon the assets of the banks and not secured by de
posits of Government bonds. This issue is extended
after three years to 20 per cent, and after six years
to 40 per cent. If it should be found after three years
of experience that the results would justify the ex
tension, no further legislation would be necessary.
The phrase "unsecured notes" is a technical term,
used to distinguish the notes issued upon assets un
der the bill from those issued upon bonds. As a mat
ter of fact they are to be fully secured, for they are
to rest not only upon the assets of the bank but upon
a guarantee fund in the treasury, to which evtry bank
will contribute legal tender money equal to 5 per
cent of its issue. Moreover, all the unsecured notes
are taxed to the amount of 1 per cent per annum, and
the proceeds of the tax are added to the guarantee
fund. Finally, the notes are safeguarded by a further
provision that the Comptroller of the Currency shall
have the right to deny a bank the privilege of issuing
such notes if the general state of circulation or of
foreign exchanges lead him to deem such issue in
expedient.
It is believed the tax imposed upon the unsecured
notes will automatically lead to their retirement
whenever an excess of therh has been issued. Thus
they will be put into circulation only when the de
mand for currency raises the rates of interest suffi
ciently high to enable the banks to pay the tax with
out loss, and will be immediately withdrawn when
that condition changes.
The measure is so radically different from that
which prevails that it is sure to meet with a good
deal of opposition. It appears, however, to be the
best plan yet devised to attain the desired objects.
A currency more elastic than that which we now
possess has long been felt as one of the urgent needs
of our financial system. The new measure would
permit national banks in any important section of the
country to increase the amount of currency in circu
lation there at any time without having to go to the
expense of obtaining it from the great financial cen
ters. That in itself would be a considerable gain to
the business of the country. Unless, therefore, some
better plan can be suggested it will be well worth
while to give the Lovering bill a test. Congress has
been backing and filling over our currency problems
too long. It is time for action.
Right Hon. C. T. Ritchie, British Secretary of
State for Home Affairs, said in a recent speech:
'We desire a termination of hostilities so that Boer
and Briton can live together in amity and the same
extraordinary success which has attended British ad
ministration in Egypt would be repeated in South
Africa." It has evidently been a sad surprise to the
Ministry to find out that there is a big difference be
tween Boers and Egyptians.
GUESSING ON THE WAR.
SINCE the first outbreak of the war in South
Africa the British public has taken considerable
interest in guesses concerning its probable
duration. At first the men who made the guesses
were very sanguine that the war would not last six
months, then the guessers became dubious, and now
they hedge their guesses round with so many "ifs"
and "buts" that it is about as hard to guess what
they mean as it would be to form your own estimate
of the length of time the war is yet to run.
Recently the South African correspondent of the
London Mail furnished that paper with this interest
ing calculation on the subject:
What does the phrase "the end of the war" mean to
you? It means one or more of three things. It sigrni
fles in your mind either (1) the date on which the legal
ized killing: of men will cease in South Africa; (2) the
date on which some one who is near and dear to you
will be released from military service in South Africa,
or (3) the date on which it ceases to be necessary to
devote the funds of the nation to the upkeep of an
army in the field other than the garrisons usually em
ployed under ordinary peace conditions. And this is
my estimate of the periods Intervening between the
present date and the three "ends" of the war;
(1) Nine months the "flghtine end."
(2) Fourteen months the "military end."
(3) Two years the "financial end."
After making that estimate, which sounds like a
carefully digested calculation, the writer adds: "I
know that I err on the side of optimism." We have
therefore to make an allowance for the excess of
optimism before we can derive any satisfaction from
the calculation.
Another factor of confusion in the problem is the
recent letter of President Stein of Orange Free
State to Lord Kitchener, in the course of which he
says :
I also note that your Excellency takes it for granted
that our struggle is hopeless. I do not know on what
grounds your^Excellency bases this opinion, but let us
compare for a moment our mutual conditions at the
present time and a year ago, after the surrender of
General Prinsloo. A year ago, after General Prinsloo's
surrender, the Cape Colony was altogether peaceful and
free from, our commandos; the Orange Free State was
almost wholly In your hands, not only the principal
towns, railways and other villages, but also the whole
country, except where Commandant Haasbroek was
with his commandos. In the South African repub
lic It was the same; It was almost altogether in your
hands, except where General Delarey was with
his commandos, and where General Botha was with
his, far In the Boschveld. At present the Cape Colony
is, so to say, covered by our commandos, and they are
in temporary possession of the greater part of the Capo
Colony, where they move about as they wish and where
they are joined by many of our kindred and others,
who thus oppose themselves to the gToss injustice car
ried on against the republics. I willingly admit that In
the Orange Free State your Excellency is in possession
of the capital, the railway and a few villages not situ
ated on the railway line, but that is all that your Excel
lency possesses. The whole Orange Free State, with
the exception of the above, is in our possession.
In making that statement President Stein, like the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
Mail correspondent, was erring on the side of optim
ism. He stated the case for the Boers somewhat
stronger than it is in fact, but none the less there is
so much truth in the statement that it must have
given Kitchener at least, fifteen minutes of disagree
able reflections. For a long time now the best the
British have been able to do has' been to capture a
few Boers here and there. Such a wearing down
process as that may be sure in the end, but it is
fearfully slow.
Under such conditions it is not surprising that
even the Briton who is generally most sure that
he knows it all hesitates to give an opinion as to
when the war will close and the fighting be finished.
"It may be for years and it may be forever" is
doubtless a familiar phrase in the British War Of
fice. As for the people generally they are not con
cerning themselves over such fine points as the fight
ing end, the military end and the financial end. All
they care to see is the end of anything that means
war.
After summing up the casualties of the deer-hunt
ing season, which has just closed, some New Yorkers
are in favor of having the game laws amended so as
to make it a misdemeanor to shoot a man by mistake
for a deer. The manslaughter practice, it appears, is
becoming too common for the good of the sport.
FOR the purpose of furnishing information perti
nent to the discussion of the reciprocity trea
ties now before the Senate, the Treasury Bu
reau of Statistics has compiled a concise statement
of all reciprocity agreements made by the United
States, including those now awaiting ratification. A
summary given to the press contains a review of the
reciprocity history of the country since 1850, and
shows that we have never given the policy any very
extensive operation.
„ Since 1850 we have had reciprocity treaties with
Canada, Hawaii, Brazil, San Domingo, British West
Indies, Salvador, Nicaragua, Honduras, Guatemala,
Cuba and Porto Rico, Germany, Austria-Hungary
and Switzerland. All of those treaties have expired.
At present we have in operation reciprocity treaties
with France, Germany, Portugal and Italy. The eld
est of these is that with France, which was made in
1898; the others were made in 1900.
Of the treaties now under consideration the sum
mary says:
The pending unratifled treaties from which the in
junction of secrecy has been removed provide for:
First, the reduction of 12*£ per cent duty on sugar,
molasses, fruits and asphalt from the British West
Indies and Guiana, and the removal or reduction of the
duty on a large list of agricultural products and manu
factures entering those colonies from the United States;
second, a reduction of 20 per cent in the duty on sugar,
hides and certain grades of wool from Argentina enter
ing the United States, and a reductioH in the Argentina
duty on a large list of food stuffs and manufactures
from the United States; third, a reduction of from 5 to
20 per cent on certain manufactures entering the United
States from France, and the application of the mini
mum tariff of France to most of the articles entering
that country from the United States. In addition to
these there are pending treaties with Nicaragua, Ecua
dor, the Danish West Indies and the Dominican repub
lic, from which the injunction of secrecy has not as yet
been removed.
This concise presentation of the essential points
of all the proposed treaties from which the injunction
of secrecy has been removed will serve to confirm
the popular objection to the reciprocity policy. In
a country whose industries are so diverse as those of
the United States it is impossible to devise ways and
means for carrying out such a policy without injur
ing some interest for the purpose of benefiting
others. The only .reciprocity policy for which the
Republican party ever stood was one of providing
foreign markets for American products by admitting
to the American market foreign goods that
do not compete with home products. It is
now clear the advocates of reciprocity will
not be satisfied with that restriction. They de
mand the privilege of sacrificing some American
interest for the sake of getting foreign markets. Such
being the case, the whole scheme of reciprocity had
better be abandoned. There is not enough to be
gained by reciprocity to make it worth while for us
to make the slightest gap in the protective system.
The St. Louis woman who serii a turkey to her
sister stuffed with greenbacks has introduced a pleas
ing novelty into Thanksgiving dinners. Hereafter
no one who takes turkey at a St. Louis home ( will
hesitate to ask for a liberal helping of the stuffing.
ONLY a short time ago it was announced that
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad had placed
orders for rolling stock amounting in the
aggregate to more than $7,000,000. That was deemed
a very good evidence of the increasing business and
prosperity of the country, but now comes the an
nouncement that the Pennsylvania Railroad has
placed orders for equipments, mainly of locomotives
and freightcars, which will entail expenditures of
$26,000,000. Such an order from a single railroad cor
poration in a single season may well be admitted as
a convincing proof that the business of the country is
rising with remarkable rapidity and gives every assur
ance of continuing to rise for a long time to come.
It would be difficult to find a better index of the
trade of the country than the demand for railway
materials. When business is brisk there is a demand
for transportation facilities, and most of that demand
has to be met by railroads. To obtain their rails,
cars and locomotives it is necessary for them to
purchase liberally of the great iron and steel trades,
and that extends and augments industry. Thus the
roads not only receive from prosperity an increased
business, but they give business to others and help to
spread the prosperous condition of affairs wider yet.
It is stated that the order of the Pennsylvania
company includes 19,000 freight and coal cars and 400
locomotives, while the order of the Baltimore and
Ohio includes 1300 boxcars, 4000 steel hoppers, 700
flatcars and 6000 freightcars. That amount of rolling
stock would in itself be a good equipment for an ex
tensive railway system, and yet it represents the
orders for new stock given by but two corporations
of the country. Truly the nation is growing and it
takes a live railroad management to keep up with it.
It is gratifying to learn that J. Pierpont Morgan
has paid upward of $26,000 for a copy of a book
printed in 1495, for if the curio sellers can keep
bleeding him in that way he will never be able to
buy the earth and make the rest of us move off.
The fellows who desire to be known hereafter as
"original Roosevelt men" have started early, and al
ready in Denver there has been organized a club to
vork for Roosevelt's nomination in 1904.
City people may have growled a little about the
rain of Thanksgiving, but the farmers didn't. All
they said was, "Good; ccme again."
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
PROOFS OP PROSPERITY.
FAMOUS ACTOR WHO DELIGHTS
THE MATINEE GIRLS IN JAPAN
ICHIKAWA DANJURO WHO IS ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE GREATEST ACTOR IN THE LAND OP THE MI
KADO, AND WHO CAN PROUDLY BOAST OF A LINE OF THEATRICAL ANCESTORS THAT REACHES
BACK SEVERAL HUNDRED YEARS.
THE Jefferson family of actors, which for nearly one hun
dred and fifty years has been known both in England
and the United States, has its counterpart in Japan in
the Kikugoros and Danjuros. Onoye Kikugoro is the
fifth of that name, the founder of the family having
gone on the stage in 1735. Ichilcawa Danjuro, considered the
greatest living actor of Japan, can boast of a line of theatrical
ancestors that reaches back two hundred and twenty years.
Horikoshi Ebizo, the first of the Danjuros, was born in
ICGO of "poor but respectable parents." At the age of 14 he
assumed the stage name of Ichikawa Danjuro, and soon after
ward was acknowledged the leading actor of Yedo, as Tokio
was then called. He was murdered on the stage in 1704 by a
fellow player, with whom he had remonstrated on h'.s licen
tious life. His son Kuzo, who was born in 1688, succeeded to
the stage name, which he maintained in high repute until his
death in 1755. Kuzo made a journey in his youth to the shrines
of Narita, some forty miles east of Yedo, where he invoked
the god to aid him in his art, and when he afterward became
a famous actor he took In gratitude the name Xarita-ya as iWj
trade name Every actor in Japan has since then had three
separate names— his private name, which seldom becomes pub
lic- his «ta«?e name, by which he is always known, and his
trade name, which distinguishes his branch from others of the
same professional family.
PERSONAL MENTION.
C. D. Potter, a mining expert, Is at the
Palace.
Dr. I. B. Hamilton of Los Angeles is
at the Occidental.
J. W. Knox, an attorney at law at Mer
ced, is at the Palace.
O. Y. Woodward, owner of Woodward's
Island, is at the Grand.
J. Rathbone, owner of the stage lines at
Williams, is at the Russ.
Ex-Assemblyman C. B. Gillscn of Horn
brook is staying at the Grand.
S. A. Guiberson, a prominent merchant
of Halfmoon Bay, is at the Russ.
D. S. Cox, a cattleman of Medford,
registered at the Russ yesterday.
T J. McCudder, the well-known naval
contractor of Vallejo, is a guest at the
Grand.
J. A. Brent, who Is interested in mining
properties in this State, is staying at the
Palace.
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Placer
ville, is staying at the Grand with his
wife and family.
P. B. Pettigrew, a prominent business
man of Newman, was among the arrivals
at the Occidental yesterday.
J. H. Batcher, wno recently formed a
company in New York to control the
sale of California redwood, is staying at
the Grand.
Donald Riley, a United States customs
official of Manila, is at the Occidental. He
has just returned from visiting his rela
tives in the East.
Dr. Frank H. Titus returned to this city
from Washington, D. C, Thursday, and
will sail for Manila on the transport Han
cock December 10. Dr. Titus, who holds
a commission in the United States army,
is well known here, having been for a
number of years connected with St.
Luke's Hospital and the City and County
Hospital.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 29.— The fol
lowing Californians have arrived at the
hotels: Raleigh— Miss Kirk, Miss Ethel
Kirk, Miss Edith Kirk, San Jose; C. A.
Canfield and wife, Los Angeles.
"Did Mrs. Suddenriche make a good
selection in pictures for her new house?"
"Yes, indeed. She has cool pictures for
hot days and warm pictures for cold
days."
"Goodness! What do you mean?"
"Why, her summer pictures are all snow
scenes and her winter landscapes con
flagrations. "—Chicago Record-Herald.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. ?
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery Dtrect. Telephone Main 1042 *
It is reported that only forty British
novelists arc able to live on the profits
of their books.
Parker's Hair Balsam keeps the hair soft
and plentiful and restores the color when gray.
H.'ndercorns, ihe best cure for corns. 15cts.
The second bearer of the Danjuro name, being childless,
adopted a son, to whom he gave his own name. The youns
man died before him, and he thereupon adopted another, the
fourth Danjuro (1711-88), who was succeeded by his son, the
fifth of that name (1741-1806). The sixth (1788-99), also dying
before his father, whose name had been transmitted to him
in 1790, his nephew (1790-95) Inherited the coveted name. He \a
said to have been the ablest of the Danjuros. Hi 9 son OHM 4
committed suicide to save his father from reproach, and the
name remained in abeyance for nineteen years, until it was
assumed, in 1873, by his half-brother, who was born in 183 S.
The present Danjuro, the ninth of his name. Is, therefor-*
years old, and, notwithstanding his age, worthily upholds the
traditions of his family. One of his favorite parts i 3 tha:
the hero in "The Chushingrura," a play written In 1744 by
Takeda Izumo, which has for its subject the revenge of their
chieftain's death by forty-seven retainers, and which to this
day remains a stock play, sure to draw full houses when all
others have failed. Danjuro has played the part no less than
seventy-eight times, a fact which may not impress an Ameri
can public, accustomed to hupdred-nigfht runs, but which in
Japan, where audiences still demand variety and would recent
machine-made performances, Is considered a remarkable
record.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ONE CENT— J. A. C, City. A 1-cent
piece of 1802 commands a premium of
from 2 to 8 cents.
CONDUCTOR— S., City. To secure a
position as conductor an application
should be filed with the company the per
son desires to work for.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE— T. F. C, City.
In Colorado women have full suffrage and
vote for all officers, including Presiden
tial Electors.' The woman suffrage law In
that State was adopted in 1893.
Next Sunday Call
HOW OUR SCHOOL-CHILDREN
ARE TAUGHT TO SING.
CAREER OF JOSIE MANSFIELD
IN CALIFORNIA.
WRINKLES REMOVED AND
DIMPLES MADE TO ORDER.
This Will Interest Every Woman,
Young or Old.
A PRIMA DONNA AT HOME.
The Home Life of Mme. Sembrich,
IS KILLING JUSTIFIABLE?
BEAUTIFUL HOMES OF SAN
JOSE.
WHAT ST. ANDREW'S DAY
MEANS TO THE SCOTCH.
THERE IS A CAST OF THE LATE
QUEEN VICTORIA'S HAND IN
SAX FRANCISCO.
Read About It in Next Sunday's Call.
POSTER COVER BY GELETT
BURGESS.
WESTERN STORIES BY WEST-
ERN WRITERS.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE SECTION
Prints More Western Stories Thai All Other
San Francisco Sunday Papers Combined
GREAT CHRISTMAS NUMBER OUT DEC 15.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
"I know every rock in th« channel,"- as
serted the young: pilot.
Just then the vessel struck.
"There's one now," he continued triom-<
phantly."— Dallas News.
•Tm ready," shouted the speaker, "to
meet calmly any emergency that may
arise." At that moment the platforms
collapsed, and the speaker exhibited greaC
perturbation. "How about that one?"
they asked him later. "That on© did
not arise," ha replied, mournfully.— Tit*
Bits.AMUSEMENTS,
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
* OPERA
Unfler the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
THIS AFTERNOON, at 2. IL, BARBIERE DI
IGUA (The Barber of Seville). Sembrich;
Salignac, Carr.^anari. Tavecchia and Ed de
RfEzke. Conductor, Seppilll.
TO-NTGHT. at S. CARMEN. Calve and Frltzl
F^neff; De Marohi, Declery and Journet. Con-
ductor. Flon.
Sunday Kvcnina:, December Ist. at 8. Last
pram". Sunday nig-ht performance at popular
prices. LOHENGRIN. Gadski and Louise
Homer; Dippel, Blspham. Muhlrnann a.nd
Blass. Conductor. Damrosch. Prices for tills
performance— N, ft, $2 50 and $3. Boxes—
$16 a-. SlB.
EXTRA FAREWELL PERFORMANCES.
Monday Aft.. Dec. 2, at 2. joint appearance of
>or.c. Emma Eames and Sembrich in Mozart*
°?e? e X a ' LE NOZZE DI FIGARO (The Marriage
of Figaro), with an unprecedented cast. Earned.
Fritzi Schetr ana Pembrich; Campanari and Ed
de Repzke. Conductor, Seppilli.
Monday EVg. Dec. 2, at —DOUBLE BILL.
LA BOHEMK. Suzanne Adams and Seheff; De
March). P.-rc-110. Gilibert and Seotti. Conductor,
Seppilll. To be followed 'by CAVALLERIA
RUSTIC AN A. Calve. Bridewell; Salignac De-
clery. Conductor. Flon.
Tuesday EV , Dec. 3. at 7:4S— TRISTAN
T ND ISOLDE. Louise Reuss-Belce and Louise
Homer; Van Dyck, Bispham. Muhlmann, Koips,
Bar? and Ed d» Reszke. Conductor, Damrosch.
Wed. Ev>. Dec. 4. at 8. joint appearance
and farewell performance of Mme. Calve ana
Mme. Sybil Sanderson in CARMEN
Thursday Aft.. Dec. 5, at 1:45. farewell mati-
nee. TANNHAUSER. Gadski and Reuss-
Belce; Dippel. Blass and Bisnham. Conductor.
Damrosch.
T Thursday EVg, Dec. 5. at 7:45 « farewell night.
LE NOZZE Dl FIGARO (The Marriage of
Figaro).
Prices for the extra performances, $2. $3. $4
and $5. Seats now on sale at the Box Office.
WEBER PIANO USED.
.fHBATRf^O
Belasco & Thall Manager*
LAST 2. NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
The Beautiful Military Romance,
"WE 'UNS OF
TENNESSEE"
Presented by-
A GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
beats ON Sale 6 DATS IN ADVANCE.
MONDAY AN ENEMY TO THE KING
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), Nov. 39.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
THE PICK O^VAUDEViLLE!
La Tortajada, Andy Lewis and Com-
pany, Mile. Tag-lione, Goleman's
Trained Dogs and Cats, Kaufmann
Troupe, and the Biograph. Last
times of Bicknell, and Lillian
Burkhart and Company.
*tivoilT*
EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
First "reduction by Children In This City or
"THE GEISHA"
POPULAR PRICES— 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush S.
LAST 2 TIMES.
%^^feAl Matinee
¦ W I m To-Night.
YONSON
TO-MORROW NIGHT— The X. Y. Manhattan
Theater Comedy Success. "A STRANGER IN
A STRANGE LAND." SEATS READY.
ITS THE HUGEST OF HILARIOUS HITS!
IfMDIA s« fbwiciscjtb
VU LU IfIjDI A liADlflG TBEATEE
MATINEE TO-DAY !
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES!
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Augustus Thomas' Successful Comedy,
*'OIS THE QUIET."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
friTL-fc Pi^l Blne-BlKiag Witchery.
me bin W * ui l V***** l
Etuaaing!
From Maxim's."
K. Y. Criterion Theater Success. The Sauci-
est Girl That Ever Winked Across
the Footlights.
SEATS NOW SELLING:
CHUTES^™ ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
EDGAR ROSE
In His SENSATIONAL HIGH DIVE
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
J^. s CENTRAL THEATER
Market St., Near Eigfcth. Phone, South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW!
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENINGS.
LAST TIMES.
Sumptuous Production of the Powerful Russian
Drama,
SIBERIA.
nrrCC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rKilCj Matinee* 10c. 15c. 25©
NEXT MONDAY— great American' drama.
"THE STREETS OF NEW Y08.K."
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers* district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts or
the city— depots, ferries and park*—
: pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
f
WeeMy Gall $1. 00 per Year
GOVERNOR TAFT
IS RECOVERING
Operation Performed on
Executive in Phil
ippines.
American Lieutenants Injured
by Spikes in a
Pitfall.
MANILA, Xov. 29.— The operation per
formed on Governor Taft this afternoon
was successful. He expects to start for
Washington December 10 to recuperate
and confer with Secretary Root.
The insurgents are active in Batangas
Province. Brigadier General Bell, with a
a battalion of the Fifth Infantry, wnl
leave here to-day to assume command of
the troops in Batangas. Recently the in
surgents killed a merchant in the town
of Batangas, terrorized the people living
in the outskirts of the town, and escaped
after a running fight with a small detach
ment of the Lighth Infantry.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2H.— The Secre
tary of War to-day issued orders and
sent them to Manila ordering Governor
Taft home on leave of absence, so he can
recuperate and gain his health and
strength. Governor Taft is to leave for
me 1_ nited States on the first transport
available. At present there are no trans
ports at Manila, but tiie Kilpatrick is
due there from New York in a day or two
and will be ready to sail for home in
about ten days.
The Kilpatrick belongs to the New York
line, but if Governor laft desires to come
by Honolulu and does not care to go to
New York, the Kilpatrick will be ordered
to San. Francisco. If the Governor does
not care to come on the Kilpatrick the
Grant will be ready to sail about the mid
dle of December and the Meade will fol
low the Grant.
While in this country Governor Taft
will be called to Washington to give the
committees of Congress information for
the necessary legislation for the island.
Adjutant General Corbin to-day re
ceived the following cablegram from Gen
eral Chaffee, dated Manila, November 2S:
"Lieutenants Feeler and Wetherill, Eigh
teenth Infantry, badly wounded by bam
boo spikes in a pitfall near Carmena. Bo
hul. Feeler wounded in foot, Wetherill
in thigh. Operation necessary to extract
sticks. Lieutenant Smith slightly hurt."
Lieutenant George 1. Feeler is a native
of New York. He entered the army as a
second lieutenant in May, 1899. Lieuten
ants Richard S. Wetherill and Ira Smith
were appointed from the ranks in Febru
ary last.
GREAT MANUFACTURING »
PROJECT FOR STJISTJ2T
Production of Portland Cement to Go
Forward on an Extensive
Scale.
SUISUN, Nov. 29.— The Pacific Portland
Cement Company has purchased the prop
erty of the Eureka Portland Cement
Company, recently bought from A. A.
Dickie, and the latter company will now
build a cement factory here. The price
paid was ?47,500, and the deal was closed
last Monday. The Pacific Company will
immediately proceed to double the capa
city of the mills now under construction,
making them capable of producing from
1500 to l>*o barrels of cement daily. Man
ager Kind is confident that they will be
ready to commence the manufacture of
Portland cement by the latter part of
February.
A grade has been built and ties have
been laid for two miles of railway to con
nect the works with the line of the
Southern Pacific Company. Ten carloads
of heavy machinery have been received
from the East and Germany. The mag
nitude of the enterprise can be seen since
the cement foundation? for the buildings
have been laid. They cover several acres
of ground on a hillside and are to be
connected together and with the quarry
by a system of tramways. An electric
line will be constructed to connect the
works with the line of the Bay Counties
Power Company, two miles distant. l"n
ward of 300 men will be employed when
the factories are completed.
FRANK SOTO SENTENCED
TO FOLSOM FOR LIFE
San Franciscan Who Robbed Sacra
mento Saloon Makes Rapid Trip
to Fenetentiary.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 29.— Frank Soto,
the armed robber who held up the In
mates of the Lafayette saloon on Wed
nesday at the point of a pistol and who
was afterward disarmed and arrested by
Sergeant Robert Ash, was arraigned in
the City Justice's Court to-day. He made
no defense and was held to answer to the
Superior Court in th-j sum of $5000.
Superior Judge Hart this afternoon sen
tenced Soto to Folsom Prison for life.
Soto held up twenty men in a taloon in
this city and compelled the barkeepers to
give him the money in the cash registers.
He was arrested by Officer Ash before he
could leave the saloon. He hails from
San Francisco and has a wife in Fresno.
Meets Accidental Death.
LODI. Xov. 29.— Andrew J. Miller, an
old citizen of Woodbridge, was accident
ally killed here to-night. He was thrown
from his wagon and both wheels of the
heavy vehicle passed over his face.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap "is
the best in all the world.
Established over 100 years.
AMTJSEJCEI-ITS.
i§g^ RACING
"¦jßJrJfl^^^*^^^* 1 \ cry Week Day — r
VET llain or Shine.
yEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., conn2ctlng
with trains stopping ct the entrance tn the
track. Last two cars on - train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mcle connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at /Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alajneda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:13 and
4:i2 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
BASEBALL.
SACRAMENTO vs. OAKLAND
TO-DAY AT_2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY ; . AT 2:45 P. M,
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
X7IQrUT7R'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOl/n&n D Admission 10c
Oro, Barnard and Oro; The Spraguellos;
Harion George; Maud Tread well; Eleanor Jen-
kins: W. V. Strunx and Hlnrichs* .Orchestra
Reserved seals 2Gc. Matinee Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
THREE BIG OCEAN LINERS DEPART
IN COMPANY FOR SOUTHERN SEAS
Palena for South America Carries Many Cabin Passengers and
Australia for Tahiti Has a Fair List, but the San Bias Leaves
Aimost Bare-— Steamships in a Heavy Storm Off the Coast
THE STEAMSHIPS SAN BLAS, PALENA AND AUSTRALIA DEPARTING FOR THE SOUTHERN SEAS. THE
BAR WAS BREAKING AND THEIR PASSENGERS MUST HAVE HAD A VERY UNCOMFORTABLE TIME
WHILE THE VESSELS WERE PASSING OUT.
HREE big ocean steamships
sailed for the southern seas at
noon yesterday.
IL The Australia was to have got
away at 10 a. m. for Tahiti, but
owing to some trouble in the engine room
it was miuday before she left her berth.
The San Bias got away on time for
Panama, while the Palena was a few min
utes late in leaving- for South America.
The three vessels passed out about the
same time, however. The bar could not
be seen, but it was breaking on the Po
tato Patch, so the chances are that a
lively southeaster was blowing outside.
There was a large crowd down to see
the "Palena away. The South American
liner was well patronized, and some of
the passengers had a luncheon party
aboard Captain Moon held the vessel a
few minutes to accommodate them.
Among those who went away on the
steamship were:
Mrs. G. E. Ward, Miss Mary Ward, Miss
Mabel Ward. Louis Carissimi, Rafael San
hucza Lizardi, F. Walton, Mrs. F. Walton,
Mary Grimm, Franceses, I'llos, J. Grijoloa,
Andrew Macfarlane, Manuel Mollado, Rev.
Richard Arza Roma, J. W. Higgenbottom, K.
Krug, E. J. Bumsted, M. Bregartner, Mrs. J.
W. Winston and child, Miss M. Winston, Miss
L. "Winston, Miss J. Jaymot, Miss J. Winston,
Mrs. Lanzagarta, Mrs. Escritla, J. B. Bowles,
Emil Philippi and wife, H. B. Murray, il.
Newman, Mrs. M. B. Spaulding, Mrs. Fran
cisca Allala, Thomas Reynolds, E. Wilson,
Andres Montino, Luis Postarl, E. Benford, E.
F. Kingston, G. 1). Fullerton, Mrs. J. Manuel,
Miss W. K. Morton, A. D. Lewinson, J. E. N.
Williams, Mrs. J. l'enn. G. F. Finnerton.
Among those who sailed for Tahiti on
the Australia were E. E. McCartney, Mrs.
Samuel McCartney, E. H. Fritch, Mrs. L,.
Gooding and child, M. T. Brander and A.
Searle. Besides these she took away
eleven steerage passengers and two in the
second cabin.
There were no cabin passengers on the
San Bias, and she had but a light cargo.
There were over sixty second cabin and
steerage passengers, however, and a num
ber of Asiatics bound for Panama,
STORM-TOSSED VESSELS.
Eureka and Walla Walla Arrive
After Battle With the Elements.
The Pacific Coast Company's Walla
Walla and the Humboldt River steamship
Eureka arrived yesterday, both a day
behind time. The Walla Walla was sched
uled to arrive from the Sound Thanks
giving morning, but she was caught in
the southeaster, and Captain Hall had to
heave to off Mendocino. At that time the
waves were running mountains high.
About the same time the Eureka came
out over the Humboldt bar, and Captain
Jessen at once prepared for a stormy
trip. It was the first gale of the season
and was piping along af a GO-mile an hour
gait. The Eureka also was hove to, and
it was nearly a day before the vessel
could get under way and start for San
Francisco.
The Eureka and the Wal'.a Walla made
San Francisco about the same time.
On the bay there was no trouble, but
the captains and weather prophets are
expecting a gale to-night.
Accused of a Mean Swindle.
Y.'illiam Ross, a lad about 18 years old,
v,as arrested by the Harbor police yes
terday on a charge of swindling. He
passes himself off as a collector for a
syndicate that is to give the newsboys
and bootblacks of San Francisco a free
Christmas dinner. Among those whom
he "worked" were the Alaska Commer
cial Company, the Risdon Iron Workn,
Levi Btrauss, Daniel Meyer, Jeremiah
Daley. Miller, Sloss & Scott and Sig
Greenebaum. Ross' books showed that
ho had secured $235. but all of this
amount he claimed had been turned over
to one Samuels, who lives at the Occi
dental Hotel. Inquiries at the hostelry
failed to show any trace of the man who
heid the cash, so Ross was charged by
Captain Dunleavy with swindling. *
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra made the run from Australia in
twenty days thirteen hours, and not In
twenty-one days as reported.
Customs searchers seized 1264 smuggled
Mexican cigars yesterday on board the
steamer Curacao from Mexican ports.
Reinsurance on the Roanoke advanced
5 per cent yesterday. The vessel is now
overdue from Norfolk, Va., and fears are
entertained for her safety.
The launch Gazelle broke down Thanks
giving eve and was within an ace of go
ing: ashore when the Peterson launch
"Win. D showed up and towed her to a
place of safety.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Glaucus will load wheat for
Europe, 31s 3d, chartered prior to arrival.
The schooner Defender will load lumber at
Ludlow for Hilo.
reparture of the Panama Steamer.
The Pacific Mail Company a steamer San
Bias, vblch sailed yesterday for Panama and
way ports, carried merchandise for Mexico
valued at $20,056; Central America, $96,934;
Panama, $5793, making a total value of $l??, 803.
The principal exports were as follows:
To Mexico— 2l,2lo ft lumber, 24 pltgs dry
goods, 29,612 lbs tallow, 343 gals wine, 2<= cs
cartridges, 100 bxs candles, 20 tons coal, 246
ikgs fruit and vegetables, 11 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2 cs bread, 30 pkgs hardware,
7 pkgs machinery, 20 crs onions, 63 crs pota
toes, 20 pkgs oil, 18 pkgs paste, 100 flsks quick
silver, 450 bdls shooks, 200 bdls shakes, 2 pkgs
sheeting, 2153 pkgs tank material, 7 reels wire,
2 reels wire rope.
To Central America— 322S bbls flour, 583 bales
dry goods, 80 csks beer, 5664 gals coal oil 588
cs ammunition, 335 lbs bread, 6000 lbs bnans,
24,490 lbs corn, 80 bbls cement, 30 bbls 2 cs
cocoanut oil, 25 cs canned goods, 430 lbs dried
fruit, 97 bales cotton domestics, 42 pkgs drags,
4 bales drills, 3 pkss electrical material, 171
pkgs fruit and vegetables, 554 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 235 pk£s hardware. 9 cs hots,
ICG cs 40 gals liquors, 39,925 ft lumber, 11W lbs
malt. 37 pkgs machinery, 1956 lbs millKtuffs,
15 kegs nails, 10 crs onions, 731 crs potatoes,
Gt bales paper. 148 pkgs paints and oils, lr/j
kegs powder, C 0,439 lbs rice, 8 coils rope, 54
es salmon, 710 lbs starch, 26 bales sheeting, 102
cs soap, 39 crs sewins machines, 10 tons salt,
205 lbs spices, 10 cs shoes. 10,893 lbs tallow, 10
cs 5410 gals wine, 12 cs 408 gals whisky, 340
reels barbed wire, 93 kegs staples.
To Panama— SSO bbls flour, 0030 gals wine, 100
bales hay, 20 crs potatoes, 150 crs onions, 6
bls salmon, 100 crs garlic, 66S lbs shrimps. 115
cs canned goods, 36 pkgs groceries and pro
visions.
Cargo by the Palena.
The steamer Palena sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargb
valued at $37,357, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $7507; Central America,
$SPI3; Panama, $490; Ecuador, $1037; Peru,
?5270; Chile, $1360; I-ondon, $5580; Hamburg,
$7200. The cargo included the following mer
chandise and produce:
To Mexico— ls,7oß ft lumber, 24,020 lbs tallow,
Sll7 lbs saeo, 487 lbs ham and bacon, IS3 lbs
cheese, 3414 lbs 3 cs bread, 285 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2427 lbs sugar, 420 gals wine,
155 pkgs paste, 900 lbs 5 pkgs raisins, 8 cs oils,
C6B lbs starch, D tons coke, 14 cs nails, 20 cs
canned goods, 40 bxs fruit, 26 gals 10 cs
whisky, 150 bbls flour, 5 coils rope, 15 cs drugs,
261 pkgs potatoes, 2i pkgs machinery, 14 cs
hardware, 19 cs dried fruit, 2 cs salmon, 22 cs
coal oil, 2CO lbs codtish, 856 lbs spices, «1 lbs
millstufls, 1120 lbs soda.
To Central America— ss4 gals wine, 2177 bbls
flour, 366 lbs bread, 240 lbs lard, 3 cs hardware,
2 cs salmon, 200 lbs codfish, 100 lbs nuts, 800
fire bricks, 21 crs potatoes, 6590 lbs corn, 619
ctls wheat, 28 pkgs paints and oils, 5 cs tar,
J.'»7 gals whisky, 500 lbs raisins, 2 bales leather,
200 lbs dried fruit, 30 cs canned goods, TS lbs
ham and bacon, 12 pkgs groceries and pro
visions.
To Panama— 2o.CCO lbs sugar.
To Ecuador— 2oo bbls flour, 2G cs whisky, 1170
lbs hojis.
To Peru— 36 cs canned goods, 162 lbs bread,
04 pkgs rope, 88 jjkgs machinery, 4 pkgs tim
bers, 603 bdls shooks, 5 pkgs groceries an'l pro
visions, 9 cs hardware.
To Chile— so cs salmon, 15 pkgs paints and
oils, 5 pkgs machinery, 3 pkgs electrical goods,
10 pkgs groceries and provisions.
To London-33,600 lbs coffee, 2 crs sewing
machines.
To Hamburg-^2,000 lbs coffee, « cs pampas
plumes.
Wheat for Europe.
The French bark Edmond Rostand was
cleared yesterday for Cork for orders witii 67,
125 ctls wheat, valued at $70,480, and- 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $325.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 29.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 42 hours from Eureka
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, S5»/£ hours from
Victoria and Port Townsend.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 36 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Rarge Santa Paula, McGovern, 49 hours from
Ventura.
CLEARED.
Friday, November 29.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr San Bias, Cattarinlch, Panama: Paci
fic Mail SS Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Chll stmr Palena, Moon, Panama; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
Bark Albert, GTlfflth, Honolulu; ¦Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Fr bark Edmund Rcstand, Dieulangard,
Queenstown; L Kauffman & Co.
Schr Maksoutcff, Gale, Manila; J W Gale,
maßter.
SAILED.
Friday, November 29.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr San Bias, Cattarinich, Panama.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, with schr Mary Etta
In tow.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey.
Chll stmr Palena, Moon, Queenstown.
Ship Marion Chllcott, Nelson, Hilo.
Fr bark Anjou, Le Creurer, Queenstown.
Schr Mary Etta, Halvordson, Siuslaw River,
In tow stmr Navarro.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 29, 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Oct 8, lat 49 S, lon 82 W— Ger Bhip Tarpen
bek, from Hamburg, for Oregon.
Oct 26, lat 5 S, lon 33 "W— Ger ship Barmbek,
from Hamburg, for Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr Sequoia, ¦ for
Snn Francisco.
Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov 29— Etmr "W H
Kruger, hence Nov 26.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 29— Ship J B Brown,
for Sydney.
Arrived Nov 29— Schr Alice, from Seattle.
Sailed Nov 29— Br shin Garsdale, for ;
bark Undaunted, for Royal Roads.
Arrived Nov 28— Br stmr Glenshiel, from Yo
kohama.
NEAII BAY — Passed outward Nov 29 — Stmr
Czarina, from Seattle and Tacoma, for San
Kmneisco; bark Gatherer, from Tacoma, for
San Francisco.
Fassed inward Nov 29— Stmr City of Puebla.
hence Nov 27, for Victoria and PuKet Sound
port?.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 29— Bktn
Jame3 Tuft, from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 29— Schr Mary E
Russ, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 28; stmr Newsboy, hence Nov 26;
Bchr Serena Thayer, hence Nov 27; schr
Oceania Vance, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Brunswick, for Snn
Pedro; otmr Pasaderta. for San Pedro; stmr
laqua, for San Francisco: stmr' Westoort, for
San Francisco; schr Emma Claudina, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 29— Schr John S Kim
ball, for S.in Francisco.
Arrived Nov 29— Stmr City of Puebla, from
San Francisco: collier Proxreso, from San
Francisco.
PORTLAND— SaiIed Nov 29— Vasquola, for
San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived Nov 26— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 2C— Schr Lily, for San Francisco;
schr Louise, for Sn.n Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COMOX, B C— Arrived Nov 27— Er stmr Bris
tol, from Juneai:.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov 28— Stmr Mineola, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Matteawan, hence Nov
25: stmr American, from Honolulu.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov 29— Bktn Willie
R Hume, from Port Blakeley.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Nov 29— Ger stmr
Anubis, hence Auk 23.
MO.ll— Sailed Nov 23— Aus stmr Marianne,
for Puset Sound.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 28— Nor
Etmr Kvarven. hence Oct 18.
Sailed Nov 23— JaD stmr America Maru, for
San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed prior to Nov 2S— Br bark
Howard D Trooa, for Tacoma.
CALDEUA— Arrived Sept 20— Br bark Bank
burn, from Valparaiso, for Frns^r River.
C ALL AO— Arrived Oct 17— Br shin Eaton
Hall, from Tacoma.
MARYPORT— SaiIed Nov 27— Br bark Lyn
ton. fnr Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. Aua— Sailed Nov 2S— Schr
James Roloh, for Kahului; bktn Kohala, for
Kahului.
Sailed Nov 28— Schr Golden Shore, for Hono
lulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived Nov 29— Stmrs Saxonia
and New England, from Liverpool.
SHlELDS— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Kaisow,
from Tacoma, via Hiogo.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Nov 29 — Stmi
Deutsehland, from Hamburg, for New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
Crescent City.. Crescent City | Nov. 30
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Nov. 30
Newburg Redondo Nov. 30
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 30
Edith Seattle Nov. 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor Nov. 30
laqua Humboldt Nov. 30
Santa Barbara San Pedro Dec. 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 1
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 1
J. S. Kimball.. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 1
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. I
Argyll New York via Panama Dec. 2
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 2
Eureka Eureka Dec. 3
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 3
Chile Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 3
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan Dec. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Dec. 3
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 3
Matteawan Tacoma Dec. 3
I'rogreso Tacoma Dec. i
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 5
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay Dec. 5
Rainier Seattle via N Whatcm Dec. 5
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 5
Corona Newport & Way Port 3 Dec. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 5
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 6
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Dec. C
Mandalay Coqutlle River iDee. 7
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 7
City of Puebla. l Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Iteiits wiili
Wiiiiii Dost % a
pmoiKExp«rh.
Sow YooasPleo. a^a Women Sfiag Ears
Big Salaries ana eosiaoss fflon
Save Tiiouseuds or Dollars.
This. Course la from the Pea of the Weil •
Known Authority, tieorgo H. Powell.
[From "Success."]
Mr. Powell, who furnishes the matter
for the entire series, is a man of untiring
energy and enthusiasm, having: devoted
his entire life to the practical, theoretical
and artistic study of the subject. He is
conversant with the most successful
methods employed in the production of
effective advertisements, booklets and
auxiliaries which are of value in secur-
ing that most desirable element knowa as
publicity. ' A
Mr. Powell is to-day considered, by
those best competent to judge as one of
the most • skillful planners and writers of
advertising in America. Some of his
achievements are . notable.
Entering the field in 1891, he quickly
revolutionized bicycle advertising and set
a pace that was never equaled. Later he
astonished patent medicine men by dem-
onstrating his ability to float a new arti-
cle and make it highly profitable the first
month. •
Next came Mr. Powell's work in build-
ing up the advertising department of one
of the largest woman's publications In
America, and in a year his methods added
nearly $50,000 worth of extra business, be-
sides materially improving the quality of
the advertising.
About three years ago Mr. Powell es-
tablished himself in New York, and be-
sides making thousands of * dollars from
another proprietary article of his own,
he has helped scores, of others to win
through up-to-date . publicity.
As a counselor: and planner of adver-
tising campaigns • Mr. Powell stands first
among experts, and he is paid the highest
fees by scopes of our largest . advertisers
with whom he is in constant touch. There
isn't a week that he is not sought for in
pushing to the front stock deals or , new
manufacturing enterprises. : •]
-^ To benefit hundreds who are anxious to
earn from $25 to $50 * a week • in advertis-
ing writing, and to supply r advertisers
with competent he.n, Mr. Powell will give
free instruction to all who take . advan-
tage of the opportunity. ; Address George
H. Powell, lOj. ; Temple Court, .iTew York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f-iyjjjg||igp^ THE GENUINE
Ir sl DAI4 r / x
ciiooolate
Imb^^^* j /^' Kado by Walter B*t" j> ? \ i'tlTyl, ¦*<s£? : fr'r^^B Wf ¦ *
> 4 -
Walter Baker & Go.. Ltd.
ESTABLISHED 1780. DORCHESTER. MASS.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 30.
Empire Coos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Acme TUlamook Bay 5 pm Pier i
San Pedro Humboldt 2 Pier 2
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier i
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
December 1. ¦ - ¦
North Fork., i Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
I December 2.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 4 pm Pier 13
Totmes Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavnj 5 pm Pier IS
Walla Walla. : i'uget Sound Ports. 11 am j Pier 9
December 3. [
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Newburg Grays Harbor | 5 pmiPier 2
Doric China & Japan 1 pmjPMSS
December 4. | I
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2-4
December 5. " ' - •
Sierra I Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. Pier 2
1 December 6.
Alliance i Portland & Coos B Pier —
December 7.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm] Pier 10
Umat111a...... I Puget Sound Ports 11 am | Pier 9
Curacao ..... Mexican Ports .- ..| 10 am Pier 11
Chile Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado [Grays Harbor — | spm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
City of Topeka Skaguay & "Way Ports. Dec. 1
Al-KJ Skagway & Way Ports. Dec, 2
City of Seattle Skaguay & "Way Ports. Dec. 4
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. | Dec. 4
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak iDec. 10
Eli Thompson. Skagway & Way Ports. 1 Dec. 15
Sun, Moon and Tide.
'United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watars at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
tho city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30.
Sun rises 7:06
Sun sets 4:51
Moon rises 10:07 p. m.
Time ¦ Time. Tlmd Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW-LW H TV L W
29 .. 2:39 5.1 7:15 3.0 1:19 5.9 8:14 —0.8 '
30 .. 3:30 5.2 8:24 3.0 2:20 5.4 9:06—0.3
1 .. 4:21 6.3 9:43 2.9 3:30 4.8 9:39 0.3
2 .. 5:10 5.4 11:04 2.5 4:44 4.3 10:51 0.8
3 ... 5:56 5.5 12:19 2.1 6:04 4.0 11:46 1.2 ;
4 .. ¦ 6:45 5.6 1:20 1.7 7:20 3.9
¦ ¦ I, W H W Is "W H W
5 .. 0:41 1.6 7:30 5.7 2:10 1.1 8:30 4.0
6 .. 1:28 2.0 8:10 5.8 2:55 0.7 9:30 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
tho early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth tima column gives the last tide of tho
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the "nited States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by tbe
charts. The plane of reference is the meaa of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. JJ., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cal.,
November 29. 1901.
The Time Ball on ttie tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. in., Qreemvich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant. U. S. Navy, in Charge.
YOTJNG LADIES' SODALITY
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
Euilding Fund of the New St. Paul's
Church Eeceives Considerable
Sum From the Benefit.
A Thanksgiving entertainment was
given last night by the Young Ladles'
Sodality of St. Paul's parish for the bene
fit of the building fund for the new St.
Paul's Church. The attendance was large
and an excellent • programme was pre
sented.
Several numbers were rendered by an
orchestra under the direction of Rev.
Father C. E. Kennedy. "The Merrymak
ers" and "The Midnight Bell" were well
sung by a mixed chorus. Miss Julia
White, Miss Fannie Hausman and B. L.y
cett sang solos and TV. Healy rendered a
violin solo. A farce, "The Champion of
Her Sex"; an operetta, "Our Family Doc
tor," and a sketch, "Out of a Dilemma,"
were the features of the programme, and
each was creditably presented.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
Ban Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December It), reaching Mexico in time lor
the holiday celebrations. Round trip dan
Francisco, K0; Los Angeles, J7O. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low sida trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
News in Army Circles.
A board of officers consisting of Colonel
"W. M. Wallace, Captain D. J. Rumbaugh,
Captain F. C. Marshall. Lieutenant H. S.
Greenleaf and Lieutenant M. E. Lando
met at the Presidio yesterday and exam
ined candidates for appointment in th?
vctcrirary depajtonent. The monthly in
spection of troops and equipments takes
place to-day.
Lieutenants Q. H. White. Sixteenth In
fantry; L. C. Bennet, Twenty-flrat In
fantry; E. A. Jeunet, First Infantry, and
W. A. Castle, Sixteenth Infantry, have ar
rived in this city from Eastern stations.
They have been assigned to duty with the
casuals at the Presidio.
See portraits of all grand opera singers
in Wasp's souvenir. Out to-day. •
More Street Inspectors.
The Board of Public Works yesterrtay
appointed "VV. F. Donovan, J. E. O'Brien
Lawrence McMahon, L. J. Welch J j'
McKlnnon, J. D. Cavanaugh and R B
Cheeseman as inspectors of street and
sewer work in the Bureau of Engineering,
the civil service eligible list having been
exhausted.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The following 1 contributions to the Me-
Kinley memorial fund were received yes
terday:
F. A. RobMns Works. $100; G«orge H.
Tay & Co., $100; Mark Sheldon. $50; Walter
Van Dyke, $10; total. $260: previously reported,
$27,799 61; total to date. $28,059 61.
Christmas number of Sunset Magazine
now out. Artistic pictures of California
and the West. Just the thing for East
ern friends. Published by Southern Pa
cific passenger department; for sale by
all news dealers. Contents; "The Cross
of Golden Gate" (poem). Charles S.
Aiken; "Christmas in Mexico, the City of
Delights," J. Torrey Connor; "Legend of
the Mission Dolores" (poem), Ella M.
Sexton; "Luther Burbank— Man, Methods
anrl Achievements," Prof. Edward J.
Wickson; "Garden of the Willow- Pattern
Plate," Irene Connell: "The North Wind"
(poem). Clarence Urmy; "Winter at El
Montecito" (poem), Harriet Winthrop
Waring; "Carnations by the Sea." Ednah
Robinson; "In the Drifts of th© Dem
shar" (story\ Warren Cheney; "The Tri
ennial Convention— A Retrospect," H.
Robert Braden; Pasadena'? Flower Fes
tival.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED .
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 64l Market Street.
STRICTURE
i $
Skeens Painless Stricter* Cars eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing sad healing from th«
start, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively guarantee a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in ivory case, and yon caa i
Pay When Cured.
We mean Just what we say, and it costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book, "An Honest
Talk,'* containing many testimonials, also, a
pnpr is days*
BT t€. & ML TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SXEtH C 0.122 Atlas Bank BM&, ClnclnnaUA
GOHOBBHQA AND UXISAST DIBCHAX&IB
j - '- ¦" \
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
a visit DR. JORDAN'S catAT^
$BDSEUB OF fiHATOBY#
9 CS " -1051K tßTCTgCtit Bi&*7tt,SJ.ftl. i
\ C3r The Lar^e^t Anatomical Museum in the \
•9 _ iJS , _ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
V g3j wQ Asease f.il»l»«lr cTod hy the oldest T
0 ji^£a3 Speaaiist on the Coast. Eit. 36 years. O
A MW[\ OR. JORDAN-DI3W3ES OF MEN 6
\ I (I^s^ Conxultation free »nd stHctly priTite. \
SflfXra Troataient prrsnnally or by OF MEN M
f vSfIFAa Cimultaticn free and strictly private.
I JS«f ¦ Troamieni personally or by letter. A 1
7 n Or l» ¦ Positive Cur* in every case undertakes. T
Aa n II M Writs for Boole. PaiLO^UPIITtf A
?* 11 \\'* SltnaMCE. MAILED PUSS, ( A V
Aft JL Tilnable book for m^n) \
V AS.JORDAS & CO.. 1031 3rartetSt.,S. P. f
78
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DIRT CLEARANCE.
#g *yA^ is a good plan for every bather to know
something of the soap he uses. There is a
1 well-founded objection to using a floor-clean-
3g <»*l ing soap upon the human body. Ivory Soap
is the bather's soap. It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference is in the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect.
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap? Ivory Soap — it floats.
com««KT un •» the rr.ocren « oimlc co. Cincinnati
WILL RELIEVE
STRANDED MEN
Government Prepares to
Send McCulloch to
Unalaska.
The United States Government is pre
paring: to send relief to the 115 Nome
miners who are reported to be stranded
at Unalaska. Captain liealy of the rev
enue cutter service has received instruc
tions to hold himself in readiness to pro
ceed at once to the far north in com
mand of the McCulloch. The McCulloch
is conditioned fur the trip and the Gov
ernment is . only awaiting more specific
inlormation concerning the strandea crew
of the Ralph J. Long before dispatching
the cutter un the mission of relief..
Captain Healy. when seen last night,
said that he does not think the miners
are in pressing danger of suffering from
lack ol provisions, as both the Alaska
and the North American Commercial
companies have provision stores at Una
laska. The men are destitute, but the
companies will undoubtedly give them suf
ficient food to tide them over until relief
arrives. Besides the stranded miners
there are lifteen white men and about 150
natives in Unalaska. Tne food supply,
according to Captain Healy. is sufficient
to sustain the white men and natives
three months.
Thomas 1. Drury of this city was among
the passengers on the Ralph J. Long. In
a letter which he wrote to his wife from
the Alaska Commercial Company's store
in Unalaska he stated that the owner of
the schooner had deserted ,his passengers
and crew, leaving them without food or
water and with no money, with which to
purchase these necessities. Drury stated
that he was working his way down.
Captain Healy, in accordance with in
structions issued by Chief of the Revenue
Cutter Service Charles F. Shoemaker, has
been making an investigation as to the
circumstances which led to the stranding
of the passengers and crew .of the Ralph
J. Long. " The captain learned that among
the list of passengers were many disrepu
table characters, the riffraff of the Nome
miners. They were men who had failed
to make a strike and had become desti
tute in Nome without the means of re
turning to their homes. They secured the
schooner Ralph J. Long, but their means
gave out before the boat had been prop
erly provisioned. Having put to sea in a
boat without i- sufficient food to sustain
them until they reached Seattle, they were
forced to disembark at Unalaska.
When the men landed at Unalaska the
two commercial companies began to fear
for the safety of their property. They did
not relish the idea of 150 men without
means of support and without restraint
Turned loose on the island with their un
protected property. The companies raised
S3OO to enable the stranded miners to con
tinue their journey, but the men evidently
considered the contribution insufficient to
last them until they could reach a home
port. At any rate they remained at Una
laska and the companies are supposed to
have made an appeal to the Government
for assistance.
Hitherto it has been the policy of the
Government to retain at least one revenue
cutter in the Alaskan waters until the
last commercial vessel left the north. But
this year the cutters were recalled unusu
ally early. Tt will require ten days for
the McCulloch to reach Unalaska.
The Program for 1902.
A <3«>finlte program for the weekly issues of
THE YOUTH' S COMPANION for 1902 has al
ready been arranged and printed, from which
one can readily judge if the pappr will be worth
ts cost for the romlng year. The names and
VIU«U of the principal contributions are given.
and one cannot look through the twenty-eight
pa«fß of thi« prosppctus without feeling that
THE COMFANION" win be more Interesting,
more instructive and more inspiring than ever
THE TOrTffß COMPANION' has now en
tered upon its fourth quarter of a century. As
in the past, bo for 1902, the foremost men and
•women in the EngliFh-speaking world have been
enlisted as contributors, while the work of an
unprecedented number of new and promising
has also b»»en secured. Thus the con
ptantly increaFirgr demand for the best read
ing jniiu-d to all members of the intelligent
American household v.ill be fully met.
More than fifty special arti'les. by such men
us President Roosevelt, Se<retnry Long. Bishop
Potter and Lyman J Gage. Secretary of the
Treasury, will be given during the year, be
sides fully two hundred stories by "the most
popular writers of fiction. Every issue of THE
COMPANION will poaw real interest for
every meml>er of the family.
Those new subscribers who send their sub
scriptions to the publishers at once will re
ceive all the weekly issues of THE COMPAN
ION for the remainder of lftoi as well as the
beautiful COMPANION Calendar for 1902.
Benefit for Henry Maret.
Friends of Henry Alaret. the veteran
German actor, have arranged a benefit
for him to take place to-morrow night
at Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street
"Rip Van Winkle." according to the Jef
fersonian version, will be produced. Nov
elties will be furnished by the leading spe
cialists from various theaters. A juve
mte festival and concert, together with
the proat peasant chorus and ballet, will
be introduced. Miss Alice Warburton and
those she has instructed in the ballet will
participate under the direction of Profes
sor H. M. Conradi. A ball will follow the
performance.
Dr. Larkin to Lecture.
R*v. Dr. Francis M. Larkin will lec
ture at Grace M-ethodist Episcopal Church
on Friday evening next. His subject will
be "A Postponed Wedding Journey, or
Six Months Abroad." Dr. Larkin has just
returned from Europe.
Is your name in the Wasp's Grand Op
era society »ouvenir? Out to-day. •
RUMORS OF WAR
AMONG BOSSES
Herrin's Henchmen Cast
Ugly Slurs on
Burns.
Boss Martin Kelly is quoted as saying:
"Crimmins is receiving a salary from
Herrin to play policeman and watch me."
At Kelly's headquarters the other night,
on the occasion of the dedication of his
newly equipped apartments, there was a
deal of oratory. Ex-Senator Morehouse
electrified the audience with an anti-Her
rin speech, and there was considerable
anti-Gage talk. There is an impression
that some aspirant for the office of Gov
ernor is in the background and secretly
contributing the coin to enable Boss
Kelly to make a splurge so early in the
campaign. Kelly's old running mate ,Sam
Rainey. was not among the statesmen
present at the dedication.
The reiterated reports of a falling out
among The local bosses should not be ac
cepted as a. true index of dissensions in
the boss camp. It is true enough, how
ever, that politicians who are close to
Gage and Herrin say that Burns is too
big a load for the Governor to carry in
the next campaign. The question is
asked: "Did the colonel ever win a
fight?" It is surmised that Herrin is try
ing to throw the responsibility for the
recent wreck of the Gage machine on
Burns. The henchmen of the "colonel "
readily ascribe the disaster to the clumsy
politics of Herrin. Martin Kelly asserts
that he advised both of them against the
nomination of Wells.
Cator Was Favored for Office.
The story is corroborated that Herrin
and Dibble favored Cator, while Burns
and Goldberg declared for Wells. John
C. Lynch suggested C. A. Murdock as a
compromise candidate, but Burns re
plied that "Murdock was an impossi
bility."
The bosses may be quarreling among
themselves now% but the cohesive power
of political patronage will probably unite
them for the machine candidate before th
next primary election takes place. The
independent anti-boss Republicans should
lose no time in organizing their forces in
every district of the city. The voters
should not be placed in trie awkward po
sition of being compelled to vote for
Boss Kelly's delegates in order to escape
the greater disgrace of permitting the
election of Boss Herrin's creatures. The
chances are tv/o to one that Kelly, Crim
mins. Herrin, Burns, Lynch, Dibble and
Rainey will come together to oppose the
forces of clean government; hence it is
essential that organization of the best
elements of the party should not be neg
lected.
Champions of the Wage-Earner.
The Democrats are beginning to appre
hend that the Ti-age-earners of California
are in a deplorable condition. Mayor Sny
der of Los Angeles, Dick Beamer of
Woodland. Washington Dodge of San
Francisco and Thomas J. Geary of Santa
Rosa are paraded as champions of the
toiling masses. Beamer is the Marysville
Democrat's candidate for Governor." That
paper remarks:
"Men who are in position to judge of
the feeling among labor organizations say
Beamer can secure the indorsement of the
lapor party in San Francisco."
This comment signifies that Dick
Beamer is next to Jack Parry.
Mayor Snyder is the gubernatorial can
didate of Southern California Democrats.
Washington Dodge is Gavin McNab's
choice for Governor, and Thomas J.
Geary is the Examiner's Democratic can
didate. Each aspirant is willing to wear
the union label in some- conspicuous place
at all hours of the day and night.
The Berkeley Gazette asserts that the
anti-Chinese convention was used by de
signing Democratic politicians and a yel
low newspaper to further their ambition,
and adds that "a good cause should not
be made a packhorse for office-seekers."
Would Wear the Union Label.
It happened fortunately that the Demo
cratic jugglery of the convention was so
clumsily done by the manipulators that
the people who were observing the show
were not deceived. The raw work of put
ting on the committee of five a yellow
press representative and three sandwich
Democrats, rendered the proceedings gro
tesque.
W. H. Pratt, formerly of Humboldt
County, who was United States Surveyor
General lor the district of California dur
ing the administration of President Har
rison, is mentioned as a proper man to
fill the vacancy in the office caused by the
death of John M. Gleaves.
To-I>ay's News Letter.
The Looker On tells amusingly in to
day's News Letter of the struggle among
the beaux for the place of honor at the
side of charming little Fritzi Scheff, the
opera singer, and also has a hitherto un
published story of Mr. Rudyard Kip
ling's experiences in San Francisco. Edi
torially it still maintains^ts view on the
desirability of Chinese Emigration, and
gives our representatives some wholesome
advice as to how they should proceed to
gain from the Government the appropri
ations we nf>ed for irrigation purposes.
There is a very entertaining article by
Mr. Ben C. Truman on the "Romance of
Benedictine." There are a new lot of
"limericks" this week, and the insurance
and other departments are well filled with
entertaining, authentic matter. The
Town Crier lashes right and left with a
vigor that fills the hearts of many wrong
doers with dismay. »
In 1892 Switzerland lost 7835 inhabitants
by emigration, mostly to America, Last
year the number was only 3816.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
CALVE RETURNS TO CITY
AND WILL SING TO-NIGHT
Diva Denounces Rumors Concerning Her
as Vile Calumnies — Brings a Little Girl
From the South Whom She Will Educate
ME. EMMA CALVE, the capri
cious star of the Grau Opera
Company, arrived in the city
yesterday morning on the
"Owl" train from Los Angeles,
accompanied by her traveling companion,
a maid, and a little girl whom the diva
proposes to have musically educated.
Edna Darch is the name of the girl,
who is 13 years of age, and her parents,
who live in Los Angeles, are in humble
circumstances. Little Edna is a remark
able pianist, composer and singer, and
through the influence of Calves friends
the diva consented to receive the child a
few days ago at the Hotel Green in Pasa
dena.
The diva heard the child play and sing
and declared that she had a great future
before her. An interview with the parents
of Edna Darch resulted in the acceptance
of an offer from Calve to take the chiid
to New York and have her educated thore
for two years and then to be placed un
der the tuition of vocal masters in Paris.
On arriving In the city yesterday Calve
and her party proceeded to the Hotel
Crocker on Pine street. She declined to
receive any callers during the day. but at
5 p. m. received Manager Grau and a rep
resentative of The Call.
The diva, who was charmingly attired
in a pale pink tea gown, trimmed with rare
OPERATIC STARS SINQ
FOR PRESS CLUB MEMBERS
Fiass and Muhlmann Entertain Large
Audience at Ellis-Street
Clubrooms.
The members of the Press Club endeav
ored to entertain Robert Blass of the
Grau Opera Company in an informal way
last night and did very well until Mr.
Blass sang. The large number of mem
bers gathered in the jinks room realized
then that the famous barytone was enter
taining them. He sang two songs — "The
Two Grenadiers" and a drinking song—
his rendition of both being superb.
Nathan Landsberger, the Press Club
violinist, earned the thanks of his audi
ence by his skillful playing on the instru
ment of the masters, and the singing of
Mr. Muhlmann, barytone of the Grau
Opera Company, was heartily applauded.
Both of the operatic stars were accom
panied by Mr. Reuss of the opera com
pany.
"Uncle" George Bromley, on behalf of
the club, thanked the singers for their
efforts, in a speech witty as only the
"patriarch" can make one. Mr. Ericksen
of the Yon Yonson Company delivered
some of his inimitable dialect stories,
and Mr. Holland's clever impersonations
pleased the gathering. Captain Leale
contributed some humorous stories.
There were songs by Homer Henley, the
club barytone, W. H. Brown and others.
During the evening refreshments were
served, and as the morning approached a
low jinks was Instituted. Eimore Lef
fingwel!, chairman of the Press Club en
tertainment committee, had charge of the
affair, and was complimented for its suc
cess.
To-Day, Saturday,
The Shoe Sale makes its debut. Remem
ber there will be on sale 2000 pairs Doug
las $3 men's shoes for $1.65; also 2000 pairs
of ladies' dress shoes, such as Ultras and
others, sold in every store in town for
$3.50, at Pahl's to-day for $1.65. Every
body is welcome to Pahl's Shoe Sale, 324
Kearny street, near Bush. •
¦ ? ¦
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
AGAIN AFTER DIMMICK
Secret Service Agent Burns Thought
to Have, Evidence Sufficient to
Convict Him.
A Federal Grand Jury was impaneled
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven, the following citizens having
been selected to serve for the ensuing
term:
W. E. Lutz, M. U. Bates, John G. Us, Charles
M. Plum, Joseph C. Sala. Edward J. Luhman.
John H. Bullock. Austin H. Hill, James M.
Hlllman, W. 3. Hynes, W. C. Hayes, S. C.
Wallis, W. B. Hunt. E. L. Wadham, B. Bangs
Eugene A. Bresse D. J. Sullivan, F. E. Zeig
ler, G. H. Davis, C. Q. Stewart, J. W. Varney,
A. M. Davis and A. D. Carvill.
The jurors elected Charles M. Plum
foreman, and immediately proceeded to
the consideration of several petty smug
gling cases.
The charge against Walter N. Dimmick
of having stolen $30,000 from the Mint
will be investigated after December 6,
on which date Secret Service Agent W.
J. Burns is expected to arrive. Burns is
the most important witness for the Gov
ernment, being in possession of evidence
which is relied upon by the United States
District Attorney to convict the accused.
One of the strong points of the prosecu
tion is the fact that Dimmick was seen
several times leaving the Mint building
with a dressing case in his hand.
VIENNA, Nov. 29.— Herr Wolf«, German Na
tionalist member of the Lower House of the
Austrian Relchsrath, who has been so promi
nent in the scenes in the house, has resigned
his seat.
LITTLE EDNA DARCH OF LOS
ANGELES, WHOM CALVE
WILL EDUCATE.
lace, extended a hearty welcome to her
visitors and she readily consented to dis
cuss the many rumors that have been
in the public mind concerning her.
With flashing eyes and in scornful tones
she denounced the stories that had been
spread broadcast that she was suffering
from cancer of the throat or that she had
been obliged to rest on account of over
indulgence in sparkling wine.
She spoke rapidly in French, and once
in a while would indulge in a few word 3
of English.
"It is malicious, it is cruel," cried
Calve, "when people say that I have can
cer of the throat. Oh, the vile insults I
have read in some of the papers. You, in
America, treat women as queens, yet this
is the only country In the world where I
have been so insulted. They say I can
not sing this season. I have come back
to_pro_ve it is false. Listen to my voice."
The diva rushed to the piano and strik
ing a note, started to sing the scale and
her glorious voice soared upward, sound
ing as clear as a bell.
"I will sing to-morrow night in 'Car
men,' " continued Calve, "but the people
shall not say, 'Oh, the poor woman, she
has cancer,' or 'poor Calve, she Is tired
out." It is all lies, lies, lies.
"I had a cold and went to Pasadena to
rest. Then they started these infamous
stories about me. In justice to Mr. Grau
and to the people of San Francisco, I
have come back here to sing. I did feel
like going back to France, where I should
not be so cruelly insulted. Who is it that
dares to say that I drink too much liquor.
It is a coward who stabs at a woman,
who cannot go out and defend herself.
They have said the worst things of me,
physically and morally. What more can
tney say."
When it was suggested to the diva that
perhaps rumor might say that she was in
love, she broke out into a hearty laugh
and answered:
"Perhaps yes, perhaps no."
Calve assured Manager Grau and the
representative of The Call that she was
in splendid voice and would positively
sing to-night in "Carmen."
If Calve displays as much passion to
night as Carmen as she did yesterday
afternoon, her audience will witness one
of the greatest performances seen during
tne present grand opera season.
I j?22k' I. " xo\i tan HaLve HeaLith. I
i \((§y Jilll') H Thousands of women take the Wine of Cardui treatment every day. Thousands of others will flf
i \vff^ rl! M read in the newspapers to-day how suffering women like themselves have been restored to perfect '0
1| , J\\ &El 1 health by. Wine of Cardui. Not to take the medicine when its merit is proven shows a carelessness for V
I V^Av v v2w\ I I the condition Tof one's health, that if genera!,^^ would keep the world full of weak women. Very few $"
m ' >**^Tr^sT/l \ \ B women can conscienciously say that they have really sought health in vain, but thousands of women flf
1 /^yy^\ /i\V^ ¦ have written l* '¦¦ Mrs Rowers, that they could get no relief until they tried Wine of Cardui. When rx
H Jr^r V \\JT> X\/vl*V taken according to directions this pure Wine never fails to benefit any case of disordered menstruation. ll
1 //7 /V\ \o\VH\ B| -. falling of the womb or leucorrhcea, The beauty about mL
IK )M WINEo'CAKBUI 1
If /*****&, Vvfl Jo^/iA^r-^m ' s o**o ** do no need a doc * ou need **" n oo n e * "^ e treatment may be taken In the privacy of 1 1
M / /7r^r~^4£f jrl ¦ S 4he home - The Wine always does the same thing and does it well. It regulates the menstrual flow i§
H \!/ .rSv Cjjyf A 1 r- ' :AH trace of leucorrhcea and falling of the womb disappears with correct menses. Ask your druMist for $3
m. //\ i^OOtF/ ft /I a $1.00 bottle of Wine of Cardui. If you will use this medicine you can have perfect health. §®
M [k \ ClSifrJLy / Jm Columbia. S. C, April 7, |001. fi
M II XffijNßß^ v' y m For a long time I was confined to my room and unable to do th« slightest kind of work. Some of mv Meiwfc
m II %«iir S& U thought I had consumption and was on the decline. After reading one of your booklets I determined to *\v* Win* Hi
H II Hgjjy >j^>^ . a of Cardui a trial. lam now on my third bottle and am able to move around the house and sweep mv yard a thin* Iw
H| 1. '-^— ¦¦ m "''^^- ' if^ |;'l could not do or dare attempt to do four months ago. . Mri. JAMES T. FLOWER wL
mL : \ I Wk S^ft^ For advioa and literature, address, tiring aymptoma, "The Ladles' AdTiaorr --1
TOBfe. ¦.'¦.'- M&L Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, TanK .jibS
|i -.¦¦¦,...i 1 .M.-M..ti.''"'» ,i I BlritHl I
COPYRIGHT 1301 S.ANAROYROS
WILL CLASSIFY
OUR MINERALS
State Mineralogist Is to
Issue an Important
Bulletin.
State Mineralogist Aubury proposes Is
suing a bulletin of the structural mater
ials and industrial minerals of California.
In carrying out his plan of publishing
separate bulletins of the several and
varied mineral resources of the State Mr.
Aubury has recognized the importance of
these industries— an importance that has
been overshadowed in the past by the at
tractions to gold, copper and petroleum
resources anu products. The structural
materials and industrial minerals in 1000
amounted to $4,080,240, or 12»s per cent cf
the entire mineral output of the Stare,
approaching -within about $6110,000 of the
copper production and only a quarter of
a million dollars below the valne of the
petroleum.
In the statistical bulletins issued by the
State Mining Bureau the structural ma
terials and industrial minerals are so
placed in their order that their Important
segregation from the staple (or indepen
dent) minerals is not apparent. But tnere
is no other proper (or scientific) method
of presenting such statistics; and thus tre
relative value of these materials and min
erals forming essentials in structure anJ
manufacture, in comparison with gold,
silver, copper, quicksilver, lead, coal,
mineral waters, salt, natural gas and pe
troleum, has never been presented in a
way to attract attention.
It has been known in a general way
that California produces certain materials
and minerals; but even the persons inter
ested in the building trades and the
manufactures are not fully aware of the
possibilities of California in these re
sources. So Mr. Aubury proposes to mako
plain not only to them that are interested,
but to all that care to read, the splendid
showing this State can— and does— make
in the production of the following named
structural materials and industrial min
erals:
Clay, cement, sandstone, granite, lime,
limestone, macadam, rubble, paving
blocks, serpentine, marble, quartz sar.d,
glass 'sand, slate, antimony, mineral
paint, manganese, chrome, borax, fulicis'
earth, asbestos, gypsum, pyrites, tourma
line, quartz crystals, lithia, mica, soda,
magnesite. turquoise, asphaltum and bi
tuminous rock.
The relative value and importance of
the three classes of mineral products of
the State have never been so clearly Hot
forth as they will be by the several bul
letins in process of preparation and publi
cation by the -State Mining Bureau. The
mineral products of 1900, as presented by
the statistical bulletin, when segre
gated from their mineralogieal order
and placed in their commercial reia
tlon, show that of the State's total
mineral product the staple minerals pro
duced a value of $28,542,705; industrial min
erals, $1,506,163; structural materials, $2.
574,077. So it is shown that the combined
structural materials and industrial min
erals—representing 12^ per cent of tl\e
whole — are worthy tlte issuance of the
special bulletin proposed by Mr. Aubury.
That a clearer Idea of the importance of
these industries may be now presented
than has been heretofore, a list of struc
tural and industrial products, their value
and the names of the counties producing
them has been carefully compiled. The
materials mentioned include all that have
for two years been recorded by the sta
tistician of the State Mining Bureau; the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL DISCUSS
SCHOOL TOPICS
California Teachers' As
sociation to Meet in
December.
The thirty-fifth annual session of the
California Teachers' Association will
meet at Pacific Grove December 30 and S,
1901, and January 1, 2 and 3, 1902. The
assembling of the association will be pre
ceded by a session of the Council of Edu
cation, with State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction Thomas J. Kirk as chair
man. .
Uhe opening session of the association
will be held in Assembly Hail on the
evening of December 30. This will be
followed by a reception tendered by the
citizens of Pacific Grove. The principal
speakers before the general sessions will
be Dr. E. Benjamin Andrews, president of
the University of Nebraska, and JJr. M.
V. O'Shea, professor* of the science and
art of education, University of Wiscon
sin. Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Leland Stanford University, and Dr. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, president of the Uni
versity of California, will also address
the association, besides other educators
well known throughout the State.
Wednesday evening, January 1, will be
devoted to a social entertainment at the
Hotel del Monte. The general session on
Thursday, January 2, will be devoted to
a discussion of the topics: "The Present
Duty of the State Touching the Trainini;
of Its Elementary and Secondary Teach
ers," "Selection and Appointments of
Teachers" and "Professional Ethics of
Teachers." The following departments of
the association will hold sessions:
English— F. E. Perham, department oi
English. Lowell High School, San Francisco,
chairman; nature study — Dr. O. P. Jenkins,
Leland Stanford Junior University, chairman;
I history — Dr. Kendric C. Babcock, University
of California, chairman: manual training and
drawing — Professor James E. Addicott. State
Normal School, San Jose, chairman; music —
Miss Ida M. Fisher, supervisor of music. Ala
meda. chairman; secondary education — Charles
L. Biedenbach, principal McKlnley Grammar
ijchool, Berkeley, chairman; primary reading —
Miss Flora Conover, Pacific Grove, chairman.
The San Jose Quintet Club, consisting
of Mrs. Hillman-Smith. soprano: MI3S
Nella Rogers, mezzo-soprano; Miss Carrie
Foster McLellan, contralto; M. L. Law
rence, tenor, and J. M. Reynolds, bass,
will give several vocal numbers. Miss
Ethel Kathryn Holladay. violiniste. will
also take part, and one of the attractive
features of the musical programme will
be a large chorus of children, trained and
conducted by Milton L. Lawrence.
Classes from different grades will be
given illustrative lessons, and a chorus
from the Pacific Grove High School will
sing a number of part songs. The con
vention will be called to order by Richard
D. Faulkner, president, and Mrs. M. M.
Fitzgerald will 'be secretary.
values are those of 1900: while the coun
ties named comprise all that are now
known of record to be productive of these
materials. In the gathering of data for
the forthcoming bulletin Mr. Aubury will I
direct his field assistants to go into every
county of the State and discover if there
be any materials of the characters named
in the bulletins in counties heretofore not
recorded, and to look for any new devel
opments.
Nearly every known perfume is now
successfully imitated by the synthetic
processes of the chemical laboratory.
POLICE EXPECT
MORE TROUBLE
Rival Highbinder Tongs
Prepare to Do More
Shooting.
The tragedies that marked the passing
of Thanksgiving day in Chinato-wn and
that heralded the opening of a fierce high
binder war became the subject of 3erioii3
consideration on the part of the Mongo
lian inhabitants yesterday. Regret tnat
the pop of revolvers disturbed the peace
of the colony seemed to generally prevail,
except among the members of the tonga
directly involved. Pressure is being
brought to bear from many sources to
prevent a renewal of the hostilities.
Yesterday every commercial body,
every family and every tons: in China
town except the two whose hatchetmen
prowled about the streets in quest of vic
tims swore to strictly observe the law.
They posted flaming entreaties in
spicuous places urging their coun.rymen
not to anger Congress, which will shortly
pass on the exclusion act.
The Ping Kong Tong and the Hip Yins
Tong, the belligerent factions, insist upon
settling their trouble by their own pecu
liar methods, exclusion or no exclusion.
They have decided to disregard the warn
ing of their fellow countrymen and con
tinue the fight. The Six Companies, the
most representative commercial body in
the district, summoned the leaders of
each faction before it, that a means of
peace might be discussed. The fighting
tongs displayed their resentment at this
attempt to interfere by ignoring the sum
mons. The officers of the companies say
they will step the war, and without the
shedding of blood. They have called for
the assistance of all clans, tongs and fac
tions. The response has been a heart/
one and if the influence of over nine
tenths of the Chinese population couno
for aught further trouble may be avoided.
Loo Fook pawned a bracelet belonging
to a Chinese woman for $36 and then sent
her the ticket. That was the beginning
of the present trouble. The Hip Ying
tong acted for the woman, and after sev
eral meetings decided that Loo Fook was
a bad man, and offered 1500 to the
hatchetman who would send him in a box
to the Coroner. Fook, knowing that he
was in bad standing, and that $s<)o waa
a big inducement to the highbinders, pro
vided himself with a guard. Both he and
the guard fell, despite their precaution.
The Ping Kong tong. to whifh Fook ha»
contributed, was swift in dealing out ret
ribution, for two hours later Chung Keon
and Quong Bing Wai were shot dead as
they dreamed in "poppy" slumber in a
house at Clay and Stockton streets.
Neither Fook nor his bodyguard will
die. according to the surgeons at the Re
ceiving Hospital. The two Hip Ying men
having claimed the attention of an under
dertaker, the latter tong feels the ne
ty of doing some pretty accurate snooting
in th 4 near future t i even up the scor>\
The Ping Kong tong, knowing of its
rival's intentions, is still on the man hunt
that it may keep ahead in the score
The meeting of the Six Companies ad
journed at midnight without accomplish
ing anything. Information was conveyed
to the police that the rival tongs wera
preparing for a pitched battle, but the lo
cation of the prospective battle-ground
is not known. In consequence Sergeant
Conboy and his squad was instruo"
remain until a late hour, and an
force of uniformed officers was sent into
Chinatown.DEATHS LIST
FULL OF ERROR
Wabash Conductor Says
He Cannot Number
Victims.
Explanation of the Cause of
Disaster Told to
Coroner.
ADRIAN. Mich.. Nov. 29.— Just before
the Coroner's inquest in the Wabash
Railroad wreck adjourned late to-day
Conductor Trowl of the ill-fated No. 13
train testified as to the number of per
sons who were on that train. According
to his statement, there were 190 passen
gers on board.
Wbea he was ordered to meet No. 4 he
was at Holloway and received his order
from Operator Martin Dale. He read tae
order in the presence of the operator and
took three copies, giving two to the tiro
engineers of his train and retaining one
himself. The engineer of engine 151 re
ceived the orders. In each instance when
the order was delivered by him the tirc
mtn -was present. He understood the
train was to sidetrack at Seneca for No. 4.
If the train had passed Seneca he would
have set the automatic brakes. Had the
s been set it would have required
one-eighth of a mile to stop the train.
He had no warning that anything was
wrong until he felt the shock. At that
time he was seated in the rear coach.
AVhen he had got out fire had started
in the head coach and other persons were
busy getting the injured out of the
wreck. He hurried down the track to
Sand Creek to get the engine of No. 3 to
pull away what cars could be saved and
three sleepers were '.auled away.
Conductor Trowl then came to his esti
mate of the number on the train.
"How many had you?' was asked.
"One hundred and ninety." was the re
piy. "1 don't know how many immi
grants. AYe had ISI passengers out of
Detroit. 1 get my figures from the col
lector on the train. 1 made a list of as
many as 1 could find who were saved. I
got the names of eighty-six. My collector
and I were together getting the list. A
number of passengers got away whose
names I did not get. Aside from this rec
ord. I have no means of knowing how
many were killed."
"What is your judgment as to the num
ber killed? " he was asked.
"I would not say. I can't tell. I could
Dot make any estimate."
Train Dispatcher Harvey O. Mann of
Montpelier testified as to the sending of
the order to train No. 4 to pass No. 13 at
Seneca. The operator at Montpelier, who
copied the order and gave it to Conductor
Martin, testified as follows:
"Conductor Martin read the order to
me aloud distinctly and then signed it,
and after repeating his signature to the
dispatcher I delivered him his two copies."
The inquest was adjourned until Tues
day next.
EIGHTY LIVES ARE LOST.
Detroit Official Speaks of the Cra^h
of the Trains.
DETROIT. Nov. 30.— An interview this
morning with Thomas E. Moran, Deputy
Customs Collector at this port, practical
ly verifies the estimate that at least
eighty lives were lost in Wednesday
night's wreck on the "Wabash near Sen
eca. The two immigrant cars in which
the greatest loss of life occurred and in
¦which so many of the wreck victims
roasted to death were part of train
.ich crossed the Detroit River
Canada on the ferry boat Great
"Western Wednesday afternoon. Deputy
inspected the baggage of its pas
¦ tigers. He says there were at the very
'¦alculation one hundred itHians in
Urn smoking car, which was ahead of the
¦^migrant cars.
Official advices to Superintendent Burns
of this division of the Wabash say that
of the Italians in the wreck twenty es
caped unhurt, and were taken to St.
Louis, fifteen are in the company's hos
at Peru. Inu.."six ethers are in Peru
and six are near Adrian, injured. Sub
tracting these forty-three from the 110
immigrants Deputy Moran say^ were
aboard the train, leaves a loss among the
Italians alone of sftcty-seven. In addi
tion eight other bodies were recovered
and identified, which makes a total of
Bfcventv-five dead.
"The first car of train No. 13 as it
crossed on the ferry." said Moran, "was
a combination baggage and smoker.
There were about ten liaiians .in this
car, for 1 remember that they motioned
to the next car back when I endeavored
to find their baggage. The first immi
grant coach was well filled, probably for
ty people occupying it. The smoking
compartment of this coach was filled
from flror to ceiling with the baggage of
-.migrants. It hs.d al! come through
~:a in bond, so I did not examine it.
"The second coach was completely filled
with passengers, my recollection being
that there was not a vacant seat in the
far, even the smoking room being crowd
ed. I should say that there were sixty
passengers in the coach. The men were
typical Italian workmen. There were
about a dozen women in the two cars
and half that number of children. As I
worked through the train I noticed that
there were six or seven Italians In the
chair car that was the fifth car of the
train. They did not seem to be members
of the party of immigrants."
Superintendent Burns insisted that the
death loss in the wreck near Seneca Wed
nesday night was being estimated too
high.
"Our attorney. Winston." said he. "has
telegraphed to New York for a complete
list of the immigrants that were on train
No. ]3 anu when it is received, which will
probably be to-morrow, an official state
ment will he issued by the road. As near
ar. e=timate now there are twenty
twn dead Wp have eight identified bodies
POSTUM CEREAL.
TAKE A RECORD.
See How Many Friends Are Hurt by
Coffee.
It would be just as reasonable for a
temperance advocate to drink a little di-
luted whiskey ac to drink coffee, for one
is as truly an intoxicant as the other, and
jrrsistence In the use of coffee brings on
¦ variety of chronic diseases, notorious
among: which are dyspepsia, heart palpita-
tion <and ultimately heart failure), fre-
quently constipation, kidney diseases,
maay cases of weak eyes and trembling
'- condition cf the nerves.
This is only a small percentage of the
variety of diseases which come from
balanced rtvvous system, caused by
. < rsistent daily use of the drug caf-
which is the active principle of cof-
fee. Another bit of prima facie evidence
ab"out coffee Is that the victims to the
|»bn find great difficulty In giving it up.
They will solemnly pledge to them-
a»lves day after day that they will aban-
don the use of it when they know that it
If shortening their days, but morning af-
t*>r rooming they fail, until they grow to
«espiee themselves for their lack of con-
trol.
Any one interested in this subject
would be greatly surprised to make a sys-
tematic inquiry among prominent brain
workers in America. There are hun-
dreds of thousands of our most prominent
people that have abandoned coffee aJto-
• and are using Postum Food Cof-
f"<= 1n its place, and for the most excellent
reasons in the world. Many of them
testify that ill health, nervous prostration,
and consequent inability to work, has in
past pushed them back and out of
f ; roper standing in life, which they
" have been able to regain by the use of
good health, strong nerves and great
vitality, since coffee has been thrown out
and the Poßtum $»• in it« place.
MADAME EAMES SINGS "AIDA"
AND CAUSES PERFECT FURORE
The Verdi Opera Is
Given With
Spirit.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
LAST night's magnificent perform
ance of "Aida" at the Grand
Opera-house certainly failed to sat
isfy at least one member of the
enthusiastic audience. General
' Shatter confesses to a mad passion for
the music-drama for reasons as legiti
mate as they are convincing, and last
night's "Aida" fell deplorably short of
the brave warriors exalted ideal.
"Wagner for me," he said the other
! evening, with all the fuil-browed pro
i funditv of the perfect Wagnerite. "There
¦is no one but Wagner. Why, sir, I can
i go to sleep anywhere in the opera and
; find them at the same identical place
when I wake hd!"
"Aida" is not builded that way, and was
sung and applauded last night in a fasn
ion to wake the musical dead. It was
Eames' reappearance after her recent cold
and she was welcomed most royally. Tsat
urally the first thought was of her voice,
had she fully recovered its use? It
seemed so for almost three acts, though
she was appreciably careful of her fortes,
and then— O the pity of It', the voice broke
on one note in the Nile scene. But the
singer, with a courage and capacity that
' cannot be too much admired, went on
with the song and took the same passage
again with victorious voice. It was for all
the world like the note of a wounded bird,
and the sympathy of the whole house
went out in fullest measure to the brave
singer. It was the sympathy that counted
as largely in the applause as the tribute
to the artistic excellence of her work, and
the enthusiasm that followed the scene
; was another "unprecedented" event in
; the season's chronicle.
Mme. Eames was as usual a beautiful
picture, with her rose-gold flesh and bar
'¦ baric beauty of costume, every line and
! color of it just where and what it should
¦be We have had a dreary and comic pro
cession of Aidas here, from the Lucrezia
Borgia malce-up of Nordica in the part
lpst year to the brown bust and white
arms of Anna Lichter in the role at the
: Tivoli. Others resemble the wooden In
'¦ dian maids of the tobacconist stand,
i and others again, like Tavary, resemble
! nothing ever seen on the earth or in the
waters under the earth. But Mme. Eames
' satisfied utterly the sense of sight, just as
'< she satisfied one vocally. But she should
and must be heard again when she has
i the full strength of her voice. It was
j felt, in spite of the commanding beauty
of her work, that more power was needed
! sometimes.
It is a tender and womanly conception
of the character that Eames has, lacking
a little the barbaric strain that one
! rather looks for in Aida; but a winning
j and beautiful interpretation, nevertheless,
I and Mme. Eames ranks now with the
I singers who are first in the affections of
! the opera-loving folk here.
De Marchi was the Radames of the cast
! and again impressed with his exceptional
voice. He acts little yet— but acts that
I little well— but he has a voice that is
i great now, and is some day going to be
]of the greatest. It lacks all sorts of
i ways yet, In smoothness, roundness,
I evenness, control generally. It is angu
i lar like his acting, buf he has every
necessary natural equipment— the sym
pathy, range, power and quality— and
last night in the concerted work with tfie
chorus the voice rang out clear and bril
liant with all-pervasive spell. He was
vocally very effective in the Nile scene,
and it only remains to wait so far as this
singer is concerned.
Scotti was a splendid Amonasro, his
virile notes and fervor filling in the por
trait with a barbaric strength that came
near the unforgotten excellencies of Sa
lassa's conception of the role. But Scotti
himself does not quite touch Salassa here,
though his is the younger voice by many
years. Still it is a conception to evoke
and we believe that the fragments found
represent fourteen other bodies."
Superintendent Burns was told of the
interview with Customs Collector Moran,
estimating the number of immigrants on
the train at 110. While he declined to esti
mate the number pending arrival of the
official list he declared that this was
too high. .
Dr. L. J. Goux, a well-known physician
of this city, who was in one of the rear
cars of the train, said to a reporter:
"I am willing to take an oath to the
effect that there were from 100 to 125 of
the immigrants in the forward coaches."
Dr. S. E. Bryant of the Emergency
Hospital in this city, who was one of the
corps of physicians, says H Is his opinion
that over 100 persons were killed in the
wreck.
Frank H. Wilson of Boston, when in
terviewed In Detroit, said: "When we
left Seneca there were about fifty persons
dead and as many more in the wreck."
Address by Astronomer Perrine.
C. D. Perrine, acting astronomer of the
Lick Observatory, delivered a very inter
esting lecture last night at the Academy
of Science auditorium before a large audi
ence. The title of the discourse was "The
Recent Eclipse in Sumatra and Motion
In the Nebula Surrounding Nova Persei."
The lecture was appropriately illustrated
with lantern slides.
Woodworkers' Ball.
The Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union,
No. 35, will hold its eighteenth an
niversary ball at San Francisco Turners'
Hall, 323" Turk street, this evenir.tr. The
receipts will be turned over t« ' u ~ r-"-f
fund of the striking unions of this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
TWO BRILLIANT OPERATIC STARS WHO SANG LEADING ROLES IN
VERDI'S SPLENDID COMPOSITION, "AIDA," TO AN IMMENSE AND
ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE LAST NIGHT.
SUPERB OPERAS
FOR MATINEE
AND EVENING
MATINEE PERFORMANCE.
"IL BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA.
BY ROSSINI. I
Bosina. Mme., Sembrich
Bertha. ..... Miss Bauermcister
Figaro. ... .Mr. Campanari
Basilio
Mr. Edouard de Reszke
Bartola Mr. Tavecchia
Sargente Mr. Vanni
Fi0re110 . . . . . . Mr. Viviani
Conte d' Almavi va. .........
. . . ; Mr. Salignac
Conductor, Mr. Seppilli. -
EVENING PERFORMANCE. -
"CARMEN."
BY BIZET. ,
Carmen ............ Mme. . Calve
Frasquita. . Miss Bauermeister
Mercedes.. Van Cauteren
Micaela ... .Miss Fritzi SchefiE
Don Jose. .. Mr. de Marchi
Zuniga. . . : . ...... .Mr. Declery
M0ra1e5. .. . ..... .Mr. Dufriche
Dancairo Mr. Gilibert
Remendado Mr. Reiss
Escamillo. . . 1 Mr. Journet
Conductor, Mr. Flon.
i
gratitude of the strongest, and it did.
Mr. Journet was effective as Ramfis, and
Mr. Muhlmann as the King.
The Amneris is one of Louise Homer's
opportunities and she shorte in the role
last night. Mme. Homer's voice does not
seem to have gained since last year.
It has acquired a certain throaty qual
ity that my memory does not associate
.with her work of last season. It Is a rich,
warm, round voice, with some full-fibred
lower notes that are eminently pleasing
and k. valuable upper range. But it is
not used to its full advantage, though
Mme. Homer is always pleasing, and
makes the most of every role — as she did
last night from its dramatic side.
The orchestra and ensemble was not
ably splendid, and the barbaric majesty
a»'d grandeur of the noble opera were
never given with fuller appreciation than
last night. Seppilli conducted with his
accustomed inspiration.
PACIFIC MAIL MUST
PAY TAX ON CREWS
Commissioner Powderly Declares Dis
charged Alien Seamen to Be Immi
grants Subject to Charges.
United States Immigration Commission
er Hart H. North received a communica
tion yesterday from National Commis
sioner Powderly, advising him. that the
department had ruled against the con
tention of Alexander Center, general
agent of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, that the corporation was not liable
for the head tax of $1 on each alien sea
man discharged at this port.
Powderly calls attention to a recent de
cision of Judge Toulmin to the effect that
there is a distinction between alien sea
men before and after discharge at any
port of the United State 3. When dis
charged such' alien seaman is reverted to
his national status as an alien regardless
of his occupation, and as such is subject
to the provisions of the immigration laws.
Workmen Elect Officers.
Franklin Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen elected the following
officers last night to serve for the ensuing
year:
John T. McMillan, master workman; F.
J. Smith, foreman; R. B. Jennings, over
seer; Otto Klump, guide; Richard Mur
phy, inside watchman and M. G. Shove,
outside watchman. John Bovee was
elected recorder to fill the unexpir^d
term of Will J. Beatty, deceased.
"Wasp's Grand Opera contains
names of all opera-goers. Out to-day. •
Fashionable Audience
Shows Sympathy
for Artist.
THE reappearance of Mme. Eames
last evening in Verdi's opera,
"Aida," attracted a large audience
to the Grand Opera-house, and,
while there were a number of seats
unoccupied, the theater presented a bril
liant appearance.
Although it had been announced by
Mme. E"ames that she had entirely recov
ered from her cold, it was evident, in the
first act of the opera, that the famous
singer was still suffering from hoarse
ness. She held herself in reserve in the
first and second acts, but in the "Nile
Scene" she was observed to cough a num
ber of times. In the great aria, "Oh,
patria mia," her voice broke on a high
note and a shiver went through the big
audience. A most remarkable scene then
occurred. A death-like stillness fell upon
the audience, and all wondered if the
woman on the stage would be able to go
through with the scene.
Mme. Eames summoned all her reserve
force and finished the act In a manner
that called forth a thunder of applause.
She was summoned before the footlights
a dozen times and monster bouquets were
thrown to her from boxes and orchestra
occupants.
The enthusiasm ¦vCas more than the
usual ovation accorded to a singer. Those
i d'ri and if
§ 1 50 th Thousand Price, $150 R
By IRVING BACHELLER Author of EBENsHOLDEN -^
S Hon. JOHN HAY %
$S± (Secretary of State) says: , £a.
Jjj "Itis a most vivid and engrossing story, v.-'orth telling and wejl told." }%£
% Hon. GEORGE F. HOAR £
TS (U. S. Senator) says: ;¦; ¦- ; jgjf
fjk " I have read it with great pleasure and approval. Your pictures Sdk.
\jl I of the Yankee countrymen of the elder generation have nothing of Sf
Qgi exaggeration or caricature in them. I was born and bred among 1©
jag such.people in old Concord." . : - v , a . •«* ' ' Jx
8 Rev.T. DeWITT TALM ACE says j£
Xi " ' D'ri and I ' is a rare' book, in style vivid, in thought elevated. Its j3£
influence will be healthful. < '. ' *^y
j^g " I wish every young man and woman might read it for the lesson of its fßk
tfns love motive. It makes you see clearly the difference between true and igj
3§g false love : you feel the peril of the one, the beauty of the other. All Jf|[
*¦*£& who are approaching that supreme moment upon which a word may CSs
fig/ change their destiny for good or evil, may get wisdom out of this book." 'E&
1 NEW YORK TIMES says: %
g%ti -¦-.'" SATURDAY REVIEW . -. igk.
4?fet " D'ri, a mighty hunter, has the same dry humor as Uncle Eb. He »
39 fights magnificently on the Lawrence, and both he and Ramon /ft?
9\ were among the wounded when Perry went to the Niagara. 'Mr. %^y
fit ' Bacheller describes the scene, the furious courage of the men, so 1Q
§ weak with wounds that they wept, yet cheering and shouting in a. jfcQ
3^> delirium of patriotism, and the passage settles once for all the QgL
question as to whether or not he can produce true literature." 3S*
lEBEN HOLDENff
§ 265 THOUSAND §f
S^EBEN HOLDEN |
265 THOUSAND $
Price, $1.50 jgf
« ReV. J. M. PULLMAN says: »
"The tide has turned' against the so-called realistic fiction. We !©
celebrate the success of a sound and wholesome idealism, glorifying fSf
common life. After the long reign of morbid studies of the mor- &A
j» bidities of humanity the success of ' Eben Holden ' shows the hunger iSt
!«& :of the people for bright, clean, sympathetic story that ends well BQ
«^ and leaves a good taste in the mouth." ¦ ..:'.: Or
jg LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON ®j[
LXL X — — ¦ S
EIGHT HUNDRED
SWITCHMEN IDLE
Traffic, However, Is Not
Materially Interrupted
on Railroads.
Several Steel and Iron Works
Compelled to Temporarilly
Close Down.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 29.— Traffic was
not interrupted in a marked degree to-day
on any of the railroads by reason of the
switchmen's strike, save on the Allegheny
Valley. This road is still crippled, and
as a consequence several industrial plants
were compelled to suspend operations ow
ing to their supply of coal being exhanst
ed. The Shoenberger plant of the Ameri
can Steel and "Wire Company at Twenty
fifth street partially suspended operations
to-day, as did the American " Steel and
Wire Company's plant at Twenty-sixth
Btreet. The Marshall Machine and Con
struction Company and the Zugs Sable
Iron Works, which closed down on Wed
nesday night, did not resume operations
to-day.
The Pittsburg and Lake Erie Railroad
is still blockaded at different points along
its divisions. The striking switchmen
have not relinquished hope of winning the
battle. They assert that despite the state
ments by railroad, officials they are rapid
ly gaining ground! A committee appointed
by the strikers stated to-night that there
were still 800 members of the Switchmen's
Union idle, and that all of these are de
termined to remain away from the rail
road yards until they return collectively.
EAILWAY COMPANIES
ABE CONSOLIDATED
Papers Filed in Chicago for the Leasa
of the Burlington
System.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The lease of the
Burlington system to the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad Company for
a term of 999 years was consummated at
Burlington to-day, when papers in the
case were filed there. President Harris
signed the lease for both the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company
and the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railway Company, as he is president of
both corporations.
A meeting ot the latter company was
held recently and the entire official staff
of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railroad Company were made the staff
of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railway Company. As a result the of
ficials of the roilroad company when they
signed the lease simply leased t£ them
selves as officers of the railway Bmpany
all the lines of the Burlington system.
Hunter Billed by Friend.
SEATTLE, Nov. 29.— Lambert E. Crip
pen, a young man residing in this city,
was to-day accidentally shot and killed
by his friend, Sayle3 Hutchins, while the
two were duck hunting on Green Lake.
Hutchins raised his shotgun to fire into
a flock of ducks, when the trigger caught
in his coat and the charge was exploded,
striking Crippen In the stomach.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Nov. 29.— G. E. Sander
son, a prominent stockman of Trempeleau, Wis.,
who was in charge of blooded stock for the
Chicago Livestock Show, was instantly killed
in a wreck last night on the Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad at the entrance of tun
nel No. 3, between Sparta and Summit.
in the theater realized the great strain
under which Mme. Eames was suffering.
She had left the warmth of her apart
ments to brave the draughts and dust of
the opera-house stage rather than disap
point the public. The generous applause
of the audience touched the singer, and
there were tears in her eyes when she
came before the curtain.
Th entire performance was a remark
able one in every respect. Not only
did Mme. Eames triumph under adverse
circumstances, but Scotti, who sang tue
role of Amonasro, surprised even his most
ardent admirers. De Marchi, Louise
Homer, Journet and Muhlmann shared in
the applause, and Conductor Seppilli ren
dered Verdi's superb music as it has never
been heard here before.
To-night Mme. Calve will sing in "Car
men," and the house is almost sold out.
Fritzi-Scheff is to sing Micaela, Journet
is to be the Toreador and De Marchi the
Don Jose.
"II Barbiere di Slviglia" is the offering
for the matinee to-day, with Mme.
Sembrich in her great role of Rosina.
To-morrow night 'Lohengrin" will be
given at popular prices. There is a big
demand for six performances to be given
at reduced prices, commencing next Man
day nisht.
AN OPEN LETTER
9 —
Addressed to Women by the Treasurer
of the W.C.T.U. of Kansas City,
Mrs. E. C. Smith,
-
"My Dear. Sisters : — I believe in advocating and upholding
everything that will lift up and help women, and but little use appears
all knowledge and learning if you have not the health to enjoy it.
; ••; Having found by personal experience that E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound is a medicine of rare virtue, and having seen
dozens of cures where my suffering sisters have been dragged back to
life and usefulness from an untimely grave simply by the use of a few
bottles of that Compound,- I . must proclaim its virtues, or I should not
be doing my. duty to suffering mothers and dragged-out housekeepers.
" Dear Sister, is your health poor, do you feel worn out and used
up, especially do you have any of the. troubles which beset our sex, take
my advice let the doctors alone, try X.ydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound it is better than any and all doctors, for it cures and they
do not."— Mrs. E. C. Smith, 1212 Oak St, Treasurer W. C. T. U., Kan.
sas City, Mo. \; : ; .' >:- ' : -.. ¦.. ¦;.': •,'
¦¦ • ¦ ' ' "'" ' ' • ¦• w J ¦
MRS. E. C. SMITH.
What is left for the women of America after reading such a letter as th«
above, but to believe. Don't some of you who are sick and miserable feel how
wicked you are :to remain so, making life a burden for yourself and your
friends when a cure is easily and inexpensively obtained ? Don't you think it
would pay to drop some of your old prejudices' as Mrs. Smith says, and M Try
Liydia E. Pinknam's Vegetable Compound, which is better than all the
doctors for cures Surely, the experience of hundreds of thousands of
women whom the Compound has cured should convince all women of the wis-
dom of taking the advice that Mrs. Smith offers in her letter above published.
Read What firs. Burnham says :
* l Dear Mbs. Pinkham : — Words fail to express how thankful I am to you
for your advice, and I : cannot speak too . highly of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. I was sick for three years with female weakness ;
j I had dizzy spells, headache, backache, feet and hands were cold all the time,
would get tired and faint very. easy. / I also had dropsy and was troubled with
leucorrhoea. I suffered for two weeks before each menstrual period and my
ovaries would swell very badly. v I took lots of medicines from doctors, but
received no benefit. To please my husband' I tried Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and I am now a well woman, and your Compound
alone did it."— Mrs. H. W. Bubstham, Russell, Mich. (Jan. 31, 1901).
. Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that these thousands
•of cures of women whose letters are constantly printed in this paper were not
brought about by " something else," but by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, the great Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills.
\ Those women who refuse to accept anything else are rewarded a hundred
thousand times, for they, get what they want — a cure. Moral — Stick to the
medicine that you know is Best. Write to Mrs. Pinkham for advice. t. ;
I APAAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $6000,
I «*L]| II which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
¦ ¦A 1)18 are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
| WW VW'y mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Maw.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'¦•' Steamers ¦ leave Broadway
«^_ "Wharf, San Francisco:
• MBgßlfc.. For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
lißißWfc. Dec. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22. 27, Jan. 1.
KjjP^SanfgJa Change to company's steam-
i lP«?^*i§a era at Seattle. ' '¦ ~
I^BiSla^i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦ JHUHI C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
if "^^HaaSraft Tacoma, Everett and New
. . Whatcom ; (Wash.)— ll a. • m.,
Dec 2 7 12 if 22 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se-
attle for' this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P Ry • at Vancouver to C. F. W. xn.; Dec,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m., Dec.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Kedondo (Los An-
l )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays,^ a. m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Louis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, \en-
tura, Hueneme. East San ¦ Pedro, San Pedro
and ' Newport— Steamer - Corona, Saturdays, 9
a 'For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, : San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— lo a. m.; 7th of each
For further information obtain .the company's
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, i sailing .days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.  v
TICKET OFFICE— 4 . New Montgomery
street » (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjlxxo «a
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portlandto all
points Eaa-V Through Ticket* to all
points, an rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKS T3 INCLUDE BSSTHui H2ALS.
S. COLUMBIA Sails.... Dec. 4, 14. 34. Jan. S.
S. GEO. W. ELDER...... .-...
: - - .............Sails Not. 29, Dec. 9, 19, 29
Steamer : sails from foot of Scear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y, S.F.
PACIFIC STF.AM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
'To - Valparaiso, i stopping at ' Mexican, '. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, ' Pier 10. 12 m. ' . .-
CHILE (Twin Screw) TUCAPEL......Dec 21
....;.•........:.. Dec. 71 AREQUIPA Jan. 4
" These : steamers ' are built expressly for Cen-
tral f and South ¦ American passenger , service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger of flee, '- 316 California - street.
- BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen.' Agents.
PANAMA D D steamshi?
rANAIYIA m m line
TO NEW YORK VIA ' PANAMA DIREST.
/ Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. '
6. 8. Ar&yM sails Monday. Do:.- 9
8. 8. Leelanaw sails Saturday, Tec. 21
6. 8. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10), at 2 p m
Freight -and ¦ Passenger . Office,: 330 ¦ Market st
- . F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
OKPA9NZS GENERALS TRAKBATLANTIQ93
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -tfHixißa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 12. 2sk9sS
North River, foot of Morton street. '."-'-•, -.':"., .
.*- First class to Havra, $70 and upward. Second
clas* to •- Havre, $45 and ' upward. -= GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway " (Hudson > building). New
York. ' J. F. FUGAZI f &;; CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. ¦
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! OCEAN TBATTEL.
fOYoYISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo)." Nagasaki and ¦ Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo . received ¦on board oa
d««r of sailing. >-
S.S. NIPPON MARTJ......
¦....;......".... Wednesday, December 11. 1301 .
S.S AMERICA MARU Y\J2
"¦¦•- -..:.;.............. Saturday, January 4, 1903
5.3 HONGKONG MARU li.--—
Thursday. January 36. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates, for
freight and passage apply at company's oface,
421 Market street, corner First.
, W. H. A VERY. General Agent. _
AMERICAN LINE.
- nt tors. souTHAHPToa. uinxm. txsol
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Dec. • Philadelphia ....Dec. 21
St Paul .....Dec. 11! St. Paul ..Jan. 1
St. Louis..... Dec. 18|Zeeland ....v — Jan. I
RED STAR LINBi
M«w York and Antwan*.
¦ From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zetland Dec 4(*Vaderland Dec 25
Friesiand :.. Dec 11 Kensington Jan. 1
Eouthwark ......Dec 18l»Zeeland Jan. S
- •Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR..
General Agent Pacific Coast. 80 Montgomery it.
fllirflDlC^ CPA HAW *"' MIMM ' MEW
oceanic S.S. te : skse
S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. Dec 5. 10 a. in.
S. . ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ~. •
•¦••-;¦.. .:...'. .;.¦.'.' Saturday, Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
S .AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.......
.;.... ..;.; ........Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
J." 0. SP3EBHLB 1 BEOS. CO., taw* Iprts. 327 Hart* ft
lor'l Fasaogv Otto, 643 lantit St., Pisr * 7. Pacific tt |
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
" BteamBr3 GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sut-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, t> .p. . m.. except
Sunday.- Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cants. • Telephone Main . 1508. Landing and
office. -pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
'; NEW - v WB6TBRN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. , Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
to to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; -¦
hot and cold .water every room; fire grates la
every; room: . elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Xo further recovery in Xezv York Exchange.
Silver advanced several fractions.
Wheat futures somewhat higher.
Chevalier Barley quoted lozver.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran, Middlings and Hay weak, but no lower.
Beans dull and tending downward.
Moderate receipts of Potatoes and Onions.
Butter and Eggs in good supply and zeeak. Cheese steady.
Xo further change in Dried Fruits.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Grapes in light receipt but slow.
Oranges plentiful and weak.
Poultry and Game in ample supply and easy.
Slight decline in river Potatoes. No change in Onions.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
A Bankers View of Trade.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
of the commercial situation: "No one gain
payf the satisfactory conditions of general busi
ness which are evident on every side. Con
fidence is general, consumption is going on at
an unprecedented pace and new enterprise is
active. We are now producing almost as much
rig iron ag England and Germany combined
and yet have less than two weeks' supply of
the articie on hand. The demand for iron has
never been approached and there are enough
order? in sight to keep our mills, new and old,
fully employed for months to come. Our rail
road* are still taxed to their utmost with
freight, and in some cases business is actually
suffering from a congestion of traffic which
the roads cannot properly handle. In the
Northwf-st development is going on at a rapid
pace, and the only important, drawback is In
iast summer's drouth district. Both cotton
and corn have been seriously injured in certain
sections, and, while fortunate offsets have
sometimes appeared, still these losses must
have a deterrent effect. The loss of the corn
crop will be felt more seriously after January
1 than now; not so severely perhaps in the
lc«s of corn shipments as in the movement
of live stock. Nevertheless the business situa
tion, as a whole, is «ound and satisfactory,
and its effect upon tbe» stock market is to re
strain conspicuous bear tactics. Stock Ex
change prices are already very high, which
materially lessens the chances of an excessive
further advance. Had prices been allowed to
react to n more natural basis in response to
the United States Steel strike, the corn crop
dieaster and the assassination of President Me-
Kinley we should have now an excellent situa
tion for legitimate activity and advancing
price*, but the powerful and persistent man
ner in which the market was sustained against
those adverse factors made outside buyers hes
itate.
"Gold exports had surprisingly Email effect
This was because we are in excellent position
for sparing the precious metal. On November
1 the stock of monetary gold in the country
¦wafe about $1,170,000,000. ¦ This supply is being
constantly augmented by home production and
receipts on the Pacific Coast, so the exit of
a few millions to Europe need cause ,no cct;
cern, especially as it will afford relief in
Europe, where most needed. Very unpleasant
developments would have occurred in Europe
but lor the assistance the United States has
offered, not so much by gold exports as by
paying good prices for our own securities, the
proceeds of which helped tide over difficulties
in Berlin and elsewhere." '
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 29—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with thcei of same date last
6eason and rainfall in last 24 hours.
j-ast lnis i^ast
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.16 10.57 * 15.07
Red Bluff 1.08 8.11 6.64
Sacramento 0.22 4.79 6.30
6ar. Francisco 0.15 4.90 5.85
Fresno %M 1.99 5.10
Independence 0.20 1.29 2.18
Pan Luis Obispo 0.40 4.44 9.91
Los Aneeles 0.00 2.44 6.79
San Dieeo 0.00 0.75 1.73
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
£3: minimum. 57; mean. 60.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 24-12lOmaha ¦ 58-40
Cincinnati 38-3? Duluth 44-32
Washington 30-26 ! Salt Lake City . 48-40
Jacksonville 60-38 ' Chicago 48-34
Kansas City 58-44 St. Louis 48-40
New York 26- Philadelphia 28-22
THE .COAST RECORD.
-22 O 2 t
. STATION* SEs 333 3 jSZ SI §
• lirjiii r I
t : : ' • : o
Astoria 30. 01 68 48 SW Rain 0.76
Baker 30.10 52, 48 SW Cloudy 0.02
Carson 1 30.24 52 48 SW Cloudy 0.86
Eureka 30.22 C 2 54 SW Pt Cldy 0.16
Fresno 30.08 68 56 W. Clear 0.2*
Flagstaff 30.32 56 28 SW Pt Cldy 0.00
Pocatello. 1dah0.. .30. 10 56 44 SW Rain 0.10
Independence 30.06 64 40 N Clear ' 0.20
L.is Angeles 30.14 74 64 T. r Clear 0.00
Phoenix 30.04 82 50 E Pt Cldy 0.00
Portland 30.12 54 48 S Clear 0.37
Red Bluff 30.22 64 54 SE Pt Cldy 1.08
Kosebuig 30.18 60 50 SE Clear 0.27
Sacramento 30.24 66 50 SE Clear 0.22
Salt Lake. 30.16 66 42 0.02
San Francisco 30.24 62 58 SW Pt Cldy 0.14
San Luis 0W5p0... 30.22- 72 46 N Clear 0.40
San Diego 30.10 70 58 NW Clear O.CO
Seattle 30.00 56 38 S Rain 0.37
Fpokane 30.04 50 40 SW Cloudy 0.16
TCeah Hay 29.58 54 46 SW Cloudy 0.26
Walla Walla 30.06 60 30 S Cloudy 0.20
Winnemucca 30. 50 40 SW Pt Cldy 0.08
Turoa.. 30.02 86 50 E Clear - o.<H>
1 a. m. temperature, 5S degrees.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
/ FORECAST.
The rressure has risen rapidly along the en
tire cot Ft. and although still low over Van
couver iF'end and Northwestern Washington,
the condition? are more favorable for fair
•weather than they have been for nearly a week
past.
Rain ha? fallen generally over California
north of the Tehachapi. A thunderstorm is
reported at Independence and high southwest
winds are blowing in Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 30. Wi:
'"¦em California— Fair Saturday, except
cloudy in extreme northern Dortion; cooler in
the interior, fresh southerly winds; fog on the
coast in the morning.
Southern California— Fair Saturday light
westerly winds with fog in the morning.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Saturday
¦with rain or mow in extreme northern por
tion; brisk to southwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Satur
day, with fog in the morning: fresh wett
*'inds ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2H. -Amalgamated Copper
was again an unsettling influence in the whole*
Ftock market to-day. Its course was down
ward, the decline being punctuated by only a
few points of resistance and hy no effective ral
ly. The resistance was not long maintained at
any. V.mr and the price was soon allowed to sag
again. Near the end of the day the price
touched 75. an extreme decline of 5%. and
clofd only a shade better. There was no tp
pearance of any attempt to support the stock
end it was left to its own course. The de
moralization in the raw copper market in Lon
don was the impelling cause of the decllno.
There were enormous sales there of spot cop
per and of future*, resulting in a decline in the
price of the former of £5 per ton and in :he
latter cf £4 per ton. The stocks of all copp?r
securities scored violent declines in foreign
market? and the prices of metal? slumped nil
eround in London, including pig tin, lead and
iron. Anaconda fell three points in sympathy
•with Amalgamated. Rumors were very p?r
efFtent of a determination on the part of the
company to abandon the attempt to sustain
the price- of spot copper, but no official admis
sion could be secured on the subject. A Judi
cial decision adjudging a direr-tor of the com
pany Kullty of contempt of court for. failure
to testify in the suit against the absorption of
the Boftcn and Montana was possibly a sub
sidiary cause of the weakness. The demoral
ization of Amalgamated Copper was without
notable effect in the general market until near
Urn close. There were a number of strong
points developed, due to individual causes, and
the market was inclined to harden all around
on the published forecast of a favorable bank
statement, but the final drop In the copper
stocks caused the loss of the ; principal gains
and carried prices a point or more below last
night for Union Pacific. Atchison. Missouri Pa
cific, New York Central and Baltimore and
Ohio. Sugar was at one time more than 2
points higher, but lost practically all of the
gain. Other gains of a point or over were
shown at one time by the United States Steel
[ stocks, several minor steel stocks, St. Paul,
Wabash preferred. Reading, Louisville, Man
hattan and several of the industrials. The Pa
cific Coast stocks were all strong, advances of
2 to 4 points. Owing to the Thanksgiving holi
day the figures furnished by the banks of cash
changes show results only up to Wednesday
night. But the movement of cash from the
interior was clearly in favor of this center, and
indicates a net gain by the banks on the -ex
press movement of upward of a million dollars,
which more than offsets the losses on sub
treasury operations. The drafts,- against ar
rivals of gold at San Francisco, which are on
the way to the amount of nearly $1,000,000, have
not figured in the week's showing. • The Gov
ernment's revenue requirements '-.' upon the
money market show a distinct relaxation, the
month's receipts thus far falling over a mil
lion below those of last year, while the ex
penditures are several- hundred thousand dcl
lars in excess of those" for ' the corresponding
period of last year. - - - I .-<• i .¦••'•
Central of Georgia income bonds 'were strong
for the three issues and Consolidated Tobacco
4s advanced on the declaration of a dividend
on Continental Tobacco.
The bond market generally was irregular.
Total sales, J4. 130,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. •¦;
¦NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
, Stock— - - . ' Sales High Low Clo&e
Atchiaon 8,800 80* - 79% 79*4
Atchison pfd 2.100 100% 100% 100
Baltimore & 0hi0....... 2,700 106% 106% 105%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 100 95% 95% 95%
Canadian Pacific 1,400 114% 114% 114
Canada Southern 1.800 86% 86 86%
Chesapeake & Ohio 11,300 49% 49 45%
Chicago & Alton 300 36* 36% 36%
Chicago & Alton pfd :... .:.. 77%
Chi Ind & Louisville... 300 45% " 47% 47%
Chi Ind & Louis pfd... .-. 74%
Chi & Eastern Illinois.. 100 138% 138% 137
Chi & Great Western... 1,500 25% .... 24%
Chi & Gt West A pfd 88
Chi & Gt West B pfd 46
Chi & N W..... 211
Chi Rock Island & Pac. 1.000 147% 147 146%
Chi Term & Trans 300 20 20 ' 20
Chi Term & Trans pfd 400 87 - 36% 36%
C C C & St Louis. 900 99 99 99%
Colorado Southern 7.200 15% 14% 14%
Colo South Ist pfd 2,200 59% 59 69%
Colo South 2d pfd...;.. 700 28* 27% 27%
Delaware & Hudson.... 200 174% 174* 173%
Delaware Lack & West 212
Denver & Rio Grande. 200 45% 45% 45
Den & Rio Grande pfd. 900 94% .94 94
Erie 10,900 42% 42% 42%
Erie Ist pfd 6.400 78% 73% 73
Erie 2d pfd 300 69% 69% 59
Great Northern pfd 1,800 193% 192% 192%
Hocking Valley 1.100 64% > 63* 63*
Hocking Valley pfd.... 1.200 82 81% 81%
Illinois Central 1,800 141% 140% 140*
lowa Central 100 39% 39% 39%
lowa Central pfd 76%
Lake Erie & Western... 600 74 73% 73*
Lake Erie & West pfd. .400 131 125% 130 •
Louis & Nashville 4,200 109% 106% 109
Manhattan Elevated.... 41,700 138% 137% 138
Met Street Railway 800 168 . 167% 167%
Mexican Central 14,300 25% 23% 24%
Mexican National 2,600 15% 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 107
Missouri Pacific 5,600 103% 101% 101%
Missouri Kansas & Tex COO 26% 25% 26*
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 300 54% 53 53
New Jersey Central ISO
New York Central 10,900 172 171 171
Norfolk & Western 9,000 60 59* 59%
Norfolk & Western pfd J 100 91% 91% 91%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 800 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western 11,900 35% 35% 35%
Pennsylvania 20,100 150% 150 150
Reading 43,000 61% 50% 60%
Reading Ist pfd 19,300 80% 80% 80%
Reading 2d pfd 21,300 61% 59% 60%
St L & San Fran 200 63% 62% 52%
St L& S F Ist pfd.... .... .... 80%
St L& S F'2d pfd.. 700 72 71% 72
St Louis Southwest 200 ' 28% 28% 27%
St Louis Southwest pfd 1,000 60 59% 59%
St Paul 13.200 170% 169% 169%
St Paul pfd 100 190% 190% 190
Southern Pacific 10,600 60% 60% 60
Southern Railway 12,600 35 34% 34%
Southern Railway pfd.. 8,300 94* ¦ 93% 93%
Texas & Pacific. 1,600 41% '¦ 49% • 41%
Tol St L & West 100 20 20 19
Tol St L & West pfd... 200 33% 33% 33%
Union Pacific.........../ 32,400 104* 103% 103*
Union. Ftcjflc pfd........ 1,800 90% 90* 904
Wabash 4.600 22% 21% 21%
WabEsh pfd 19,700 41% 39% 40%
Wheel & Lake Erie .... 18
Wheel & LE2d pfd.... 100 30% 30% 30%
Wisconsin Central 500 21% 21% 21%
Wia Central pfd 100 42% 42% 42%
Express Companies —
Adams , '.. jgg
American, ex div - 203
United States  90
Wells Fargo [ jgo
Miscellaneous — . • . '
Amalgamated C0pper.. .147,200 79% 75 - 75%
Am Car & Foundry 1,400 29% 29% 29%
Am Car & Fndry pfd... 900 . 85 85 85
American Linseed Oil .... 18
Am Linseed Oil pfd...:. <'jk.:'.~ .... ..  49
Am Smelt & Ref 400 45% ' 45* 45
Am Smelt & Ref pfd ; .... , 97%
Anaconda Mining- C 0.... 9,000 32% 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 3,600 68 67% ¦ 67%
Colorado Fuel & Iron. 600 93% 93 92%
Consolidated Gas ..'. 2,200 220 219 " 219 •
General . Electric ... 1, 000 277 274 273"
Glucose Sugar 700 •40 39% 39%
Hocking Coal 900 19% 19% 19%
International Paper .."... 3.600 21% 20% 21.
International Paper pfd 400 77% 76% 77%
International Power ... 100-91 -91 91
Laclede Gas : . :. 93V:
National Biscuit .. 200 42% 42% 42%
National Lead 1.000 19 18% 18%
National Salt - 30%
National Salt pfd..... .... 62
North American 100 94 94 93
Pacific Coast 2.900 76* 72% 75
Pacific Mail 2.300 48% 46% 46%
People's Gas 3,600 99%- 99% 99.
Pressed Steel Car....... 300 43% 43% 43
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 200 86% 86% 86
Pullman Palace Car....-,'.' 7... .... 216
Republic Steel 900 16% 16 : 16
Republic Steel pfd...... 1.300 .70 69% "69%
Sugar '. :..:,. 56,100 127* 125% 125%.
Tennerree Coal & Iron.. 5,500 66% 64% 64%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 100-. 35 . 15 - 15
Union Bag &P Co pfd. 100 74* 74% 74 :
United States Leather.. 1,400 12% • 12% '" 12%
U S Leather pfd ' 700 83 82% 82%
United States Rubber.. 900 16% ¦ 15% 15%
U S Rubber pfd 400 53 52 62
United States Steel 64.150 43% 42% 43*
United States Steel pfd 72.300 94 92% 93%
Western Union 600 91% 91% 91%
Locomotive (Amn) 13,900 31 29 ¦ ¦ 31
LocomtJve (Amn) pfd... 800 88% 88* ¦ SS%
Total shares sold 807.100 <¦ ¦'• ''¦¦'.'¦
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 108% 1 L£: N Uni 45.. 102%
U S ref 2s coup.... 108 V. Mcx Central 45...: 83%
U S 3s reg 108*;Mex Cent Ist inc.. 31%
U S 3s coup ...108% I Minn & St L 45.. 103
V S new 4s reg 139% MX & T 45........i00»i
U S new 4s coup.. 139* M X & T 2d5..... ' gvl
D S old' 4s reg.;.. 112% N V Cent 15t5.....:105%
U S old 4k coup 112% N V Cent gen «%5.109%
I" B to reg.... 107% N J Cent gen 55.. .131*
V B Ks coup 107% N Pacific 45.. 105%
Atchison pen 45.... 103 • N Pacific 35..... 72%
Atchison adj 45.... 93% N & W con 45..;. 102%
Bait & Ohio 45.... 104 Reading Gen 4s'" 99%
Bait & Ohio 3%5.. 96% SL& I M con 116%
B& O cony 45..... 95% SL& S F 45.... 97-v
Canada So 2d5......109 IS L Swestern lsts. 97
Cent of Ga 5s 107 Is L western 2ds 79%
Cent of Ga Ist inc. 76% S A & A P 4s.:;:: 89*
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107% So Pacific 45...... 95%
Chgo & Alton 3%5. 86* So Railway 55... 12o£
CB & Q new 45... 98V4 ex & Pac 15t5.. ..120
CM*. 8 P gen 45.112 TSL &W. 45.... 83%
C & N^ con 75... 142% Union Pacific 45.. .106%
CRI& P4s 106% Union Pac c ony 4s 106%
CC&SL gen 48.104% Wabash lst« ....?119 i
Chgo Terminal 4s. 91% Wabash 2ds ... m
Colo & So 4s 89% Wabash deb 8....." 62%
D & R. G 48 ..103 I West Shore 4* ..."112%
Erie prior lien 45.. 100* Wheel &LE 4s 9'
Erie General *'•• 90% Wis Central 45..... 89*1 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams 18, Little Chief 12
Alice r. Ontario » 0C
Breece 75 Ophlr 70'
Brunswick Con J3 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 60! Savage 03
Deadwood Terra oOjfeierra Nevada 08
Horn Silver ...180;Small Hopes 4a
Irpn Silver 60 Standard 3 80
LtHdvllle Con 06 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ¦ . Westinghouse Com 73* a
Call loans 3%(f?4V> Mining—
Time loans 4%@5 Adventure 21
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atchlson 4s 102 Amalgamated 75*
Mexican Cent 45... 81 Baltic 46%
N E Gas & Coke... 63 Bingham 28
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.62s
Atchlson 79% Centennial 12%
Atchison pfd 100% Copper Range 67
Boston & Albany. 2s9 Dominion Coal 47%
Boston & Maine.. .lßß* Franklin 16*
Boston El. ex d1v.165 Isle Royale 22Vi
N Y. N H & H....213% Mohawk 41*
Fitchburg pfd. 142% Old Dominion 2oVt
Union Pacific 103% Osceola 92
Mexican Central... 24% Parrot 35
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 152
American Sugar.. .l2s Santa Fe Copper... 4
Am Tel. & Tel 160 Tamarack 270
Dom Iron & Steel. 27* Trimountain 41
Gen Electric 273 Trinity 2o*
Mass Electric 34% United States 15
Mass Elec pfd 94 Utah 22
N E Gaa 4 Coke.. 6% Victoria «Vs
United Fruit 8S Winona 2
U S Steel 43% Wolverine 67%
U S Steel pfd 93% I
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market opened weak to-day on the
fresh break in copper stocks, Rio.Tintos touch
ing 41 on the statement that the Amalgamated
Copper Company has privately contracted for
the sale of 25,000 ton 3at 3c under the New
York quotation.
The New York support given to Cresapeake
and Ohio, the Reading issues and United States
Steel rallied the American department, which
closed firm. Other stocks sympathetically re
covered, although Rio Tintos. after advancing
to 42%, sagged back to 41%. Bar silver. 25 7-16 d
per ounce.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchlson,
82%; do preferred, 103; Denver and Rio Grande.
46%: dopref erred, '96%; Canadian Pacific, 116%:
Northern Pacific preferred, 103%; Southern Pa
cific, 61%; Union Pacific, 106*; do preferred,
S3; bar silver steady, 27 l-16d per ounce; money,
3Q4 per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29. — Close — Money on call
was firm at 3%@5 per centi^last loan, 5 per
cent; ruling rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 4%@5 per cent; sterling exchange was
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 87%@4 87% for demand and at $4 84* @4 84%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85@4 SS%; com
mercial bills, $4 S3U@4 83%; bar silver, 55%0;
Mexican dollars, 43% c; bonds — Governments,
steady; railroads, irregular; States, inactive.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— T0-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance,
$167,416,164; gold, $106,679,340.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, chows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 28, with the peroentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with tho correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — . Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,293,346,929 7.4
Chicago 135,975.809 19.9
I Boston 103.663.680 .... 12.2
I Philadelphia 93,061,007 15.6
St. Louis 41,900,122 40.9
Plttsburg 36,938.527 21.4
Baltimore 16.816,737 .... 7.7
Pan Francisco 24.355.261 42.7
Cincinnati 16.438,950 29.3
Kansas City 15.978.990 10.9
I Minneapolis 14,429.398 28.2
I Cleveland 11.639.871 40.4
' New Orleans 12,693.757 .... 12.6
i Detroit 11.554.987 70.6
Louisville 6,814.419 2.6
' Indianapolis 7,586.611 27.2
Providence 5,892,100 4.3
j Omaha 5,468,532 .... 2.9
! Milwaukee 5.636,931 9.7
! Buffalo 5,130,967 18.0
I St. Paul 5.101,640 10.9
Savannah 3,822,525 31.2
I Denver 3,832,719 1.3
; St. Joseph 4,218.196 36.7
: Richmond 3,771.918 19.4
i Memphis 3,972,047 .... 5.8
! Seattle 3.593.820 98.6 ....
1 Washington 2,574.158 29.4
! Hartford 2,149,360 44.2 ....
; Los Angeles 3.146,328 44.3 ....
! Salt Lake City 3,650,445 29.1
'Toledo 2.016,915 18.4 ....
(Portland, Or 2,173.853 7.6
¦ Rochester 1,894,533 5.4 ....
Peoria 2.448.271 26.3
Fort Worth 2.530,948 36.9
I Atlanta 2.175.517 5.9
I Norfolk 1,139,890 .... ....
Dcs Moines 1,433,793 23.6
New Haven 1#22,284 11. 1
Springfield, Mass.. 1,178,039 5.8
Augusta 1.215,546 .... 18.6
-Nashville 1,733,640
Worcester 1,190,068 2.9 ....
Graaß Rapids 1,138,166 23.6
i Sioux City 1,328,342 9.6 ....
Dayton, Ohio 1.015,471 1.8
Syracuse 1,001,946 22.6 ....
Scranton 1,263.035 69.3 ....
Portland, Me 1.185,806 25.5
I Spokane 1,088,021 19.2
] Tacoma 1,366,972 12.6 '
Evansville -891,568 4.5
Wilmington, Del... 805.274 19.6 ....
! Davenport 778,798 46.7
Fall River 705,969 .... 14.3
Birmingham 1,176,489 35.3
Topeka 1,067,755 33.3 ....
Macon 582,000 12 7
Little Rock 991,996 39.6
Helena 501,079 .... 25
Knoxvllle 566.157 31.3
I Lowell 432,264 .... 46
I Wichita 553,559 9.9 ....
! Akron 468,000 10.9
New Bedford 425,598 10.3 '
Lexington 397.058 14.4 .. .
Springfield. 11l 431,405 19.3
Btnghamton 276.000 .... 28. S
Chattanooga 381,223 20.1
Kalamazoo 409,730 19.1
Fargo t 460,257 16.0
Youngstown 562.156 ....
Springfield. 0hi0... 242,822 7.0
Rockford 455.891 45.8
Canton 298,800 35.4
Jacksonville 313.624 24.7
Sioux Falls 232,592
Fremont * 164.710 23.3
J Bloomington, 111 199.538 44.2 ...
Jacksonville. 111.... 147,878 65.3
•Columbus, 0hi0... 7.108.500 74.6
•Galveston • 7,388,000 2 0
•Houston 9,538,791 .... 13 5
tColorado Springs.. 7C9.432 .... 3 9
tWheeling. W. Va. 632,385
tWilkesbarre 705.624
Albany, N. V 4,670,938 .... ""
Totals, U. 5.... 51,952, 825,813 Ti 7~
Outside N. V :. 659,478,884 13.0
CANADA.
Montreal $15,158,874 9.2
Toronto 10.361.408 4.1
Winnipeg 4,522.617 61.3
Halifax 1436,313 .... 7.2
Vancouver, B. C... 752,590 .... 10 1
Hamilton 721,751 .... 6.1
St. John, N. 8....: 571,454 .... 17.0
Victoria, B. C 565,495 11.4
tQuebec 1,073,915
Totals, Canada. $34,095,502 10.0 7TT7
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. tNot included in
totals because of no comparison for last year.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
From now on retail rather than wholesale
demand will attract most attention. Colder
weather and snow would, however, benefit
Northwestern trade and industry, though the
open weather prevailing has enabled more than
ordinarily complete farming preparations and
extended building activity. Accompanying the
Improvement of „ the tone in trade there has
been a broadening and deepening of specula
tion in leading food staples, and all in all
there Is a rather mere cheerful feeling pre
vailing. No sign of tht usual seasonable quiet
ing down in the demand for iron and steel Is
apparent and buyers are as eager as ever to
obtain supplies. The car shortage and the con
gestion of freight in the Plttsburg district has
been accentuated by the switchmen's strike,
and the trouble there, if anything. Is aggra
vated. A number of furnaces are banked and
several mills are Idle for lack of supplies. Fin
ished products, bars, sheets and structural ma
terial are all active and there has even been
an improvement in plates. Foundry Iron is
50c higher at Chicago. Seventy-five cents to $1
per ton advance on ruling rate must be paid
for prompt delivery of pigiron and billets at
Pittsburg. The big steel interests are reported
as having plenty of cars but not enough mo
tive power is offered. Bradstreet's Halifax
correspondent reports large sales of Cape
.Breton steel in the United States.
xhe strength of the cearser grains, corn anl
oats, has been the sustaining feature of wheat,
which might otherwise have receded on large
Northwestern receipts and a heavy increase In
the visible supply. A resume of the world's
cereal food supply shows a shrinkage this year
of 1.056,000,000 bushels as compared with last
year.
Provisions are showing exceptional strength,
due to shorts covering and reported heavy buy
ing by packers. Hog receipts are large, but
their weights are light, and this accounts for
the relatively greater advance In lard.
"Wheat, including flour exports for the week
aggregate 5.117.478 bushels against 5,518.930 last
week and 2,497.880 In this week last year.
Wheat exports. July 1 to date (twenty-two
weeks'), aggregate 127 819 860 bushels, against
76.742,093 last year.
Business failures In the United States for the
week number 19S against 213 last week, 184 in
the same week last year, 177 in 1899. 212 in 1898
and 250 In 1897.
Failures for the week in Canada number 27,
against 22 last week 22 in the same week a
year ago and 25 in 1599.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say: A gen
eral advance in the price of pigiron indicates
that record-breaking activity at furnaces fails
to produce accumulation of supplies. Steel
mills are seeking material urgently and Besse
mer pig for prompt delivery at Pittsburg is
not available below $16 50. Large sales of forge
and fdundry iron are reported at further ad
vances and Southern iron in the Chicago mar
ket is also higher. Buying of railway sup
plies is the most urgent feature, rails, car 3.
engines, structural material for bridges and
shop equipments all being wanted much earlier
than they can be delivered. In general lines
the movement is scarcely less active and at
present the business in 1902 appears limited by
facilities, but it is probable that producing ca
pacity will be greatly enlarged. The feature
among the minor metals was the sharp advance
in tin to much the highest point of the year
because of delayed arrivals. In marked con
trast to the rise in tin was a sharp decline in
silver to the lowest price since early in 1898.
Shoe shops at the East are fully employe!,
while Western producers were never before
so actively engaged. Recent buying of cotton
goods for China has stimulated the export
movement and for the year just passed the
value shows an increase over any previous
year.
Asia and South America are the leading cus
tomers. Conditions aro even more favorable at
woolen mills, one concern refusing a large or
der for. delivery in February. Heavyweight
goods are very active with retailers and Job-
Whoat also held firmly, closing the week more
than 3c above the price a year ago, which is
most satisfactory in view of the vast increase
in yield.
Receipts at the interior are liberal. 6,280,443
bushels, against 3,901,793 last year, but the gain
In foreign buying is still the feature, exports
from all ports of the United States in five days
aggregating 3,975,819 bushels, compared with
2,839,070 a year ago.
Failures for the week numbered 182 In the
United States, against 178 last year, and 25 In
Canada, against 21 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
32,352 barrels; exports. 17,613. Firm but not
active.
WHEAT— Receipts. 105,400 bushelß; exports,
14.P55 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 83% c
f. o. b. afloat; No, 1 red. 81* c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 82* c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 88% cf. o. b. afloat. Opllon3
were strong and actlvn on pronounced upturns
In the St. Louis market, together with Bullish
Continental cables, foreign buying and strong
demand from shorts. Closed strong at %@lc
net advance. March, 82%<g > ?3%c, closed 83% c:
May. 81%@52 7-16 c. closed 82% c; December. 73%
®Bfl 9-16 c, closed 80% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 7%®11c. Future
market narrow and featureless, with sales lim
ited to 15,250 bags. December. $6 55: March,
$6 85(86 90: May, $7 05: July, $7 2037 25; Sep
tember. $7 35@7 40; October, $7 45@7 50.
SUGAR— Raw, fairly firm; fair refining, 3*c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 9993 package?. Steady.
State dairy 15@23c; creamery, 17@25%c; June
creamery, 18®22c; factory, 13@15*c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8285 packages. Firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 2S@29c; Western, at mark,
24@2Sc; Southern, at mark, 25(g27c.
DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples were quiet and steady.
State, common to good, 6@B%c; prime, 9@9*c;
choice, 9%®9%c; fancy, 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@13c; Moorpark. B@l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 13@18c; unpeeled. 6@9y>c.
Chicago Grain Market
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— Improved cables start
ed a spurt of buying at the opening of
the wheat market to-day. Receipts, how
ever, especially in the Northwest, were
heavy and tended to offset the foreign
strength. December opened irregular %@*c
up at 72%@72%c to 72* c. Soon a good com
mission house demand sprang up and the out
side markets reported good advances over
prices here. Heavy professional buying began,
the most in a fortnight, and prices advanced
steadily. December closed strong, lo higher,
at 73* c.
Corn had a broad, strong market, though not
so active as wheat. December opened *@%c
up on strong cables and advanced in spite of
liberal selling early and sold up to 62% c and
May 65% c. December closed firm. %@%c
higher than Wednesday's, at 62%@62%c.
Aided by corn strength December oats opened
%c higher, closing steady %c higher, at the
opening price, 42% c.
Provisions sold up well from the start, mak
ing liberal gains in everything. January pork
closed 27% cup at $16 27%; January lard 22% c
higher at $9 55, and January ribs 17% c up at
$8 37%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 73*
December 72% 73* 72* 73*
May 76% 77% 76 77%
Corn No. 2—
November 62% .... 62%
December 62% 62% 61% 62%
May 64% 65% 64% 65%
July 64% 65* 64% 65
Oats No. 2—
December 42% 42% 42% 42%
May 43% 43% 43 43%
July 38% 39 38% 39
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 16 05 16 30 16 05 16 27%
May 16 42% 16 65 16 37% 16 62%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 940 9 60. 940 960
January 9 37% 955 9 37% 955
May 9 45 9 65 9 45 9 62%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January ..8 25 8 37% 8 22% 8 37%
May 8 40 8 55 8 40 8 55
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 70%(@72*c; No. 2 red,
76@77%c; No. 2 yellow, 64% c: No. 2 Oats, 43%
@44% c; No. 2 white*. 45%@45%c; No. 3 white,
4V>(g46c; No. 2 rye, 60%@61c; fa{r to choice
malting barley, 59@62c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 43;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 43; prime timothy seed,
$6 20@6 25; mess pork, per barrel, $15 20@15 25;
lard, per 100 pounds, $9 55@9 60; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 20@8 40'; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 65@8 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32; clover, con
tract grade, $9.
Artlcles-r Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 44.000 43,000
Wheat bushels 242,000 151,000
Corn, bushels 69,000 201,000
Oats, bushels 233,000 419,000
Rye bushels 21,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 120,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@24%c; dair
ies, 13@20c. Cheese, steady, 9*@lo*c. Eggs,
steady; fresh. 23% c.
Foreign Futures.
¦':. ' . Liverpool: ¦' . ..'.; /;
Wheat— ' . : .Dec. March.
Opening ': •.....:..:.;:...:..... 59% ;5 11%
Closing .......;..... .....•....;..... 09% 6 11*
-.¦-'¦ ¦:-.-. :¦.¦¦-..¦•'" -';"-/ <¦' PARIS. , ..¦;/.;;. .; ¦- .'Vj;t ;
Wheat— ¦'¦•"•¦ ' , Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening.-.V.:..........: 2145 . 22 45 -'
Closing ..:....-.......... ..21 So ... 22 60 ; .
• . Flour- ; * - ' ~ '-'¦•:-¦'•¦¦ " " ¦ ."• ' •
Opening/.:.-...... 27 10 28 40
Closing .:.¦...¦.......'.¦............•.¦.. 27 30 .28 50  ;.
Eastern Livestock Market,
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6500,
including: 100 Texans. Choice beeves firm;
other* dull. Good to prime, $6 40@7 25 ; poor to
medium, $3 60@6; stockers and feeders. $2<g>
4 36; cows, $1 25@4 35; heifers, $1 50<g>5 50; can
ners, 1 , $1 25<§>2 SO; bulls, $2@4 75; calves, $2 50®
5; Texas fed steers, $3 75.
HOGS— Receipt* to-day. 41.000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 7000. Active. s@loc higher.
Mixed and butchers', Jo 60@6; good to choice,
$5 70@6 15; rough heavy, $5 45@5 65; light, $5 60
<gV" 'JO; bulk of sales, $5 65@5 95.
SHEEP"— Receipts, 15 000. Sheep active and
higher; lambs 10@15c higher for good. Good to
choice wethers. $3 50@4 25; fair to choice
mixed, $2 75@3 50; native lambs, $2 50®4 90:
Western lambs, feeders, $3 50@4 10.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, ICOO. Natives, $3 25@3 90: cows and
heifers, $1 35W5 35; veals $2 50(?5 25; bulls and
stacrs. $2 25@5; stockers and feeders, $1 75@4 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 1400. Market mostly 10c
higher. Light and light mixed. $5 40@5 90; me
dium ard heavy, .$3 70086 15; pigs. $3 75@4 iO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 115. Market steady.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Activity and excite
ment prevailed in tin circles abroad yesterday
and to-day. Liquidation in a large way re
sulted in a net loss of £3 15s on spot and £3
on futures since Wednesday's close. Thus the
former finished to-day at £113 and the latter
at £105 10s. with the market weak. Locally
the market was unsettled at $28®31 50. The
arrival of several steamers with liberal car
goes of tin broke ud the corner and resulted
in the decline noted above. *
Copper at London also suffered a severe set
back, values declining £7 10s since Wednes
day under bear hammering and liquidation.
The close found spot quoted at £57 10s and fu
tures at £56. At New York, however, the
market was unchanged and quiet at $16 85 and
$17 for lake and $16 37%@16 62% for casting.
Lead at London declined 2s 6d to £11 Is 3d.
while at New York the market, was dull and
unchanged at $4 37%.
Spelter was unchanged at home and abroad,
closing quiet at $4 30 nominal and £16 2s 6d.
respectively.
Iron was without change, but steady. Pig
iron warrants, $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 Northern
foundry, $15@16; No. 2 foundry, Southern, $14@
15; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $14 50@15 60: No. 1
foundry. Southern, soft, $14 60016. Glasgow
iron warrants closed at 56s 3d> and Middles
boro closed at 42s 10% d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales this afternoon numbered 12,857
bales. The attendance was good. Fine merinoa
were eagerly taken, some superior greasy sell
ing slightly higher than the October sales aver
age. Crossbreds were in large supply, chiefly
medium and coarse. Fine crossbreds were in
demand for all sections. All Inferior grades
were difficult to sell.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, *lov. 29.— Clearings, $542,974;
balances, $62,076.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 29.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 5S%c; bluestem, 59% c.
Cleared— November 29, British steamer Indra
pura for Hongkong and way ports, with 49,541
barrels A flour, 4000 bales cotton, 1.000,000 yards
sheeting and miscellaneous freight, total value
of cargo being $355,800.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 29.— WHEAT— lc higher;
bluestem, 59% c; club, 58% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— Consuls 91 11-16 d; silver,
25 7-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 10c; wheat cargoes
on passage, easier, but in some request; No. 1
standard California. 295; Walla Walla, 28s 7%d;
English country markets, firm;
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 29.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 5s lld@ss 11%; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine, but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 11-32 d.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 29.— Hops, at London:
Pacific Coast, firm. £3@ss@£4 ss.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables ¦¦¦¦¦ — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 2%
Silver per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45% ® 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Liverpool market was de
pressed and Paris futures were lower.
Chicago opened firm, .but for a time the ad
vance -was checked^y liberal December offer-
Ings. The feeling subsequently became strong
er in sympathy with a rise of l%c at St. Louis,
where heavy buying, chiefly on French account,
was reported. The Southwest bought at Chi
cago and the general public buying increased.
Argentine shipments fell off. those for the week
being only 8000 bushels, against 728,000 for the
same week last year.
In this market futures were higher, but ship
ping descriptions were undisturbed.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1; milling, $1 02%®
1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, 99* c; 28,000, 99% c. May— l6,ooo,
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, 99% c;
8000, 99* c; 6000. 99% c. May— 4ooo, $105%; 18,000,
$1 05*; 10,000, $1 05.
Regular Morning Session— December — 36,000
ctls. 99% c. May-14,000, $105*; 16,000, $105%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 99% c.
BARLEY— There is nothing new beyond a de
cline In the quotations for Chevalier, which
shares the general dullness.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72% c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: brewing and shipping
grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 80c@$l per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 73* c.
OATS— Dealers are quoting an advance in red,
which seem to have superseded White kinds in
the popular fancy. The market continues
steady, with no indication of a decline. Grays,
$1 10®l 22% ; whites, $1 15@1 27% ; Surprise, $1 30
@1 32%; black, $I@l 20, . and red, $1 12%®1 17%
per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed.
CORN — Chicago reported Corn again leading,
with a strong and advancing market on meager
receipts, rising quotations in the interior and
disappointing husking returns.
This market was dull and unchanged, as fol
lows: Spot— Large yellow, $130®137%; white,
$1 42V^@1 45- To arrive— sl 25@1 32% per ctl for
all kinds, according to dryness.
RYE— 7s@76*c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakess' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon $2 50(32 75 per barrel for family and
$2 7553 for Bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal," $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5: Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay was soft, as there were two days' re
ceipts to dispose of. Prices remained un
changed. Feedstuffs continued weak at previous
quotations.
BRAN— SIS sC@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@I9 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing, $28 50
@29- Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal, $31 50
@32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed. $16
@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy. $11 50@12; Wheat
and Oat, $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa. $3@9 50: Clover; $6@7; Volun
teer, $5 50@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull and the feeling la weak.
The disposition is to sell, even at concessions.
A few changes will be seen, generally in the
direction of lower prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 60; Small White. $3®
3 25; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50@4; Pink
$175@2 05; Red, $2 50^3: Blackeye, $3 50® 3 70 '•
Limas, $4 40I&4 fis; Red Kidneys. $3 50@4 per ctl
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25«3 50; Flax, $2 65@3 25: Canary
3*@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah B%c
Rape, iy 4 @l%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes during, the past two
days were not heavy, being 9707 sacks, while
those of Onnlons during the same period were
1271 sacks.
River Potatoes have at last given way under
the recent liberal receipts, anti are quoted 10c
lower. Dealers are storing them in ware
house^. There is no change In Onions.
Sound Tomatoes are bringing good prices, but
there is considerable oft stock on the market
which has to go low. Carrled-over Green Pep
pers and Egg Plant, are selling for almost any
thlns.
POTATOES— SOc@JI for Burbanka from the
river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 39©1 50; Oregon
Burbanks. $1 25@1 50; Rtver Reds, $1 35®1 40;
Sweets. 35@40c for Rivers and 75<g85c for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SI 5C32 25 per ctl: Oregons, $2@2 25:
Pickle Onions, 73c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, : Los An
geles do. 3@6c; String Beans. 2@4c; Los Angeles
do. s<fi 6c: Limas, s©6c: Cabbage. 40«50c per
ctl: Tomatoes from Alameda, 25375 c; Dried
Peppers, 10(S15c; Dried Okra. 12 Vf -20c per lb;
Carrots, 25®35c per sack; Cucumbers, 75c@$l 25;
Pickles. 2%®3c per lb for small ami lSlVic for
large; Garlic, l%<S2%c; Green Peppers. 40®50c
per box for Chile and 40«350c for Bell; Egg
Plant, 40@50c per box; Summer Squash, 75c:
Los Angeles do, Ssc@sl: Marrowfat Squash, $8
@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8@10; Mush
rooms 5@12%c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Thp market was dull, as usual, the day after
Thanksgiving. Two cars of Eastern came in.
making five for the week. Local fowl were
weak, supplies being too large for the demand.
Over 200 sacks of Game came in during the
past two days, and as« Thursday's receipts
were mostly carried over and the birds were
generally sour and otherwise in poor condition
the market was lower.
POULTPJY— Dressed Turkeys. 14® 19c: Live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50®l 75: Goslings.
$1 75®2; Ducks, $3 sO<§4 for old and $4®5 for
young: Hens, $3 50@4 30: young Roosters. $4®
4 50; old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers. $3 50@4:
Broilers. $3 50*34 for large and $3.53 50 for
small: Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c; Hare, $1;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3®3 50; Canvasback. $3®5; Sprig, S2;
Teal. $1 2501 50; Widgeon. 75c®$l 50; Small
Ducks, $I@l 25; Black Jacks, $I@l 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, $i@i 50; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $5.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to decline, and 4Cc was gen
erally quoted as the top price for ranch,
though some dealers were quoting a cent or
two more. The market was well supplied and
quiet, as usual the day after a holiday. '
Cheese stood as before. Butter, like Eggs,
was weak and in liberal supply, but quota
tions showed no further decline.
Receipts were 21,400 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 577 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 29,200 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 21@22%c for seconds: dairy, 17%®21c; store
Butter, 15® 17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21@22%c,
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg. 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12@13c; Old, ll%c; Youn«
America, 13% c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 40@42c for selected large, 37
@39c for good to choice and 35®36c for fair;
store, 28®30c per dozen; cold storage, 20®27%c;
Eastern. 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cranberries have a wider range, as the
lower qualities have shaded off slightly.
There are not many on the market.
Berries were weak yesterday, as most of
the previous day's receipts were still on hand.
Grapes were slow, in spite of light receipts.
The Portland steamer took out very few, as
the fruit showed the effects of rain. Large
packages were in heavy supply and lower at
oc@sl 25.
Quinces are almost gone.
Oranges continue in large supply and weak.
DECIDUOU* FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75cS
$1 25 for good to choice and SaSSSc for ordinary;
Lady Apples, $I@2; Siskiyou Apples, $I@2.
POMEGRANATES^SI per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds. $I@l 75 per box.
QUINCES— 25<&50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 4O@BSc per box
STRAWBERRIES— SB@9 per chest for Long
worths and $1 50<g3 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— *«®7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S3@S per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— NominaI.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $10®ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FlGS— Black. 75c per box.
'GRAPES— Verdels, 50c«$l per box and crate;
Tokay, $1; Black, 50@85c; Cornichons, 40c@$l.
CITRUS FRUIT— Navel Oranges, $1 50® 175
for standards. $1 75®2 25 for choice and $2 50
for fancy; Seedlings. $I@l 50; Tangerines.
$I@l 25; Japanese Mandarins, $1 50(gl 75; Lem
ons, $I'Sl 50 for common and $2®2 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, $1 50<32 50; Mexican
Limes, ti; Bananas, $2^2 75 per bunch for New
Orleans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pinapples, $3
@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
market continues quiet.
FRUlTS— Apricots, 7^B%c for Royals and 8®
12c for stafldard to fa*hcy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@B%c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@Bc; Plums, pitted, 4%
@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5% for red
and 5%'@6%c for white; Figs, 3®3%c for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, s*®s%c; 40-50's 4%@5c; 50-60's 4*@
4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4c: 70-80's. 3*@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100' s. 2*@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $S; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 4%c; three
crown. 4%c; two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4*c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c: Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. B%c;
choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c; prime. 5%c: un
bleached Sultanas, oc. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie: fancy, 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy ceeded, 6*c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10«12iic; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, ,7c; Almonds. ll©l2c for papershell, 9®
10c for softshell and 6®7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, s®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12®12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50® 5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
l%c for light amber; water white extracted,
s@fic; light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Bc per Ib.
Provisions.
Chicago continued to advance and quoted a
stiff market, with good outside buying, chiefly
speculative.
This market ruled firm, with dealers talk
ing of a probable advance within a few days.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12V-c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11®11 50; Family. $12®12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50®23; Mess.
$18 50-Sl9: Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels, pure,
l*c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-lb tins,
12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c: three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands set!
ab<sut 1%0 under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%@17c; Culls,
15c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 18fl9c; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c: sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c
each; short Wool. 40® 60c each; medium, 50®
76c; long Wool, 80c^$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt $2 uO@2 75 for large and $2^)2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 500 for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c: fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
sknls—^rime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2,
4%®5c: grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months, 7@Bc; Oregon Valley fine, 13<g
15c; do. medium and coarse, ll®13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@l?c; do, fair -.0 good, 9<g
lie: Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%®8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs", 7%<f9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9010 c; do. defective. B®9c
Humboldt and Mendocino, Il<gl2c per lb
HOPS— 9@loc for fair and ll@l2c per lb tor
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
and the market exhibits no new features.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per Ib for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%<§'B%c: small. B<g9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. 6%.®7 C per
pound. •
LAMB— S«?S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs 5% - c
under 150 lbs, s*@s%c; sows, 20 per cent off'
boars 30 per cent, off and stags 40 per cent ofi
from the above quotations; dressed Hoes 7U.
@S%c. 8 • '*
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags 32
@35c: Fleece Twine. 7U@Bc; Fruit Bags i\<m
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $3: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; COO 3
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50: Co-operative Walla
end, *8 50; Cumberland. ?12 In bulk and Jl3 25
in sacks: Pannsylvanla Anthracite Egg $15-
Cannel, $11 per ton: Coke. $15 per tin in' bulk
and $17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand.
OlLS— California Castor Oil. in cases. Xo. &
AUCTION SALES
fc^> £a> £»,
IS IS THE SALE!
THE GEANDEST LOT OF
THOROUGHBREDS,
Yearlings, 2 and 3 Year Old*
and Horses in Training
ever offered at auction In California, consign*!
by MENLO STOCK FARM (W. OB. Macdbr-
ough. Esq.), EL MONTE STOCK FARM. P. Q.
LANE and BURNS & WATERHOUSE,
Consisting of yearlings by
ST. CARLO. King of Sires, full brothers and
sisters to St. Cuthbert. Socialist, Lord Mar-
mlon, ¦ and some from the dams of Achilles.
AJax. Don Fulano and Vltelllus;
JOE RIPLEY. the Record Breaker, out of
Madeleine. Playfere. Tribulation. Salonlcs,
Moonlight.- Reslca and Dancing Eyes:
And Two and Three Year Olds by *-
IMPORTED PICCOLO, Sire of Stake Win- .
ners, out of Experiment, Marcelle, Mlnett* .
and Lady Torso;
And the following race horses in training.
PAT MORRISSEY DUCKOY. GIBRALTAR.
PANAMINT. DOLLY WEITHOFF. SAILOR.
RUSTLESS. CATHELLO, ARM A DO. TOM-
PIOX. SALLY SENSIBLE FILLY, Etc.
Sale will take place
TUESDAY EVENING, De Ye 3 0..
Commencing at 7:45 o'clock, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD STREET,.
NEAR THIRD. S. F.
. • WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. . ¦
Hordes at yard Sunday. Dec. 1. 1901.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed OH. In barrels, boiled. "
70c: raw, 68c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 58c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55®72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels. 70c; cases. 7ic; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40®45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels. 37% c; cases. 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil barrels. 63% c for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian. !
COAL Water White Coal Oil, In bulk
13% c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star,
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases. 21 %c: Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in case*.
26% c. . . >%£
TURPENTINE— per gallon in cases and J
52c in drums and Iron barrel* 4
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- f
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed.' 4.Boc: Pow
dered, 4.65 c; Candy Granulated. 4.65 c: Dry
Granulated. 4.55 c: Confectioners' A. 4.55 c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.55 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c: Magnolia A. 4.15 c: Extra C. *05c:
Golden C. 3.95 c: D. 3.85 c; barrels. 10c more;
half -barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-tb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.05 c; boxes, 5.30 c per lb. No orders
for granulated will be taken .that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FORTY-FIGHT HOUR 9.
Flour, qr sks.... 23.23'! Hay. tons 1n«
Wheat, ctls .... 2,5» j .^ugar. ctls 5.479
Barley, ctls •.W Pelta. bdls 195
Corn, ctls 1,31 Hides, No s*l
Rye. ctls 55C gals. 81.960
Beans, sks 4,059 Srandy gals 4,300
Potatoes. sk3 .... 7.4"3 Powder cs
Onions, sks 1,271 Raisins bxs .... l.*>o
Middlings, sks .. 230 Quicksilver, flks. 91
Bran. sk3 1,0<56 Wool sks ... . 379
Hops, bales 9S Lime' bbls 779
Straw, tons 17 Leather, rolls .... 273
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 480 Wool, bales .... it
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
; ; : ¦ — :—: — ;; — 1 * . ;_-
Eggs art cheaper. Butter and Cheese m ?
unchanged.
Meats and Poultry show little variation.
Game continues high.
There is very little new to note In Fruits
and Vegetables. Los Angeles has commenced
to supply this market with summer vegetables,
and almost all of our supplies will come from
that quarter for the next two or three months.
The lasx rain will probably give the finish
ing • touVhes to Grapes, and Oranges, Apples
and _ Pears will be the .principal fruits from
now' on. The Oranges are still green, as it is
early In the season.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @13 00 ! Southfleld
Wellington .. @U 00 Wellington $ Oil » •
Seattle @900 j Coos 8ay.... — -^ 700
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. so-8551 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good.. 40<<x45 i dozen 40<345
Packed, per lb — 25;*-- Eastern Eggs — «30
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Hoi_ey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern... 17'@)2ti pound ... 153"*!)
Cheese. " Swiss 20<SU.-> Do, extracted.. '.'. S@ W
Common Eggs — 30@35 ;
Meats, per . pound-
Bacon 14*3)18 Round Steak ....KV©—
beef, choice 12®L'» Sirloin Steak 122)—
Do, good 10@— Tenderloin do 15-ia-— j
Corned Beef ......10«ff— Porterhouse d0. .nv,1T.2-t ¦
Ham A. ....'..'.... .15@17 Smoked Beef 17020
Lard : .— @ls Pork, salt 10®12>4
Mutton B@tO Pork Chops .... — ®15
Lamb 10@12'Pork Sausages.. 12%(f*15
Pork, fresh 159— i Veal 12!^—
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each 50075 Hare, each —029
Young Roosters.' - * English Snipe, per
each sfl«9T>' dozen 33 00®—.
Old Roosters, ea..50@65 Jack Enlp»...ji 75**
dryers, each 50@6T> Mallard, pair.sl 00®123
Broilers, each — @5« Canvasback. ¦
Turkeys, per 1b...18@22 per pair $1 00®1 SO
Ducks, each......7oc@n Sprig, per pair...50W73
Jeese, each...sl ao®l .a Teal, per pair 50.W60
Pigeons, pair,. . . .400.-* Widgeon, pr pair.so®-
Squabs. per pair..— @o0 Small Duck. pair.aMM»
Doves, per doz..-<9l 2.-, wild Geese. pr.7sc*m no
Itabblts. each ... . 15@20| 3rant.' each ...... 7. 23033 •
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears, __ , Grape Fruit, a0z...Jl &
each 25<»30 Limes, rtoz .. —^10
Almonds .15@20 Logan Berries Der^
Apples m V drawer ......... -®5»
Pecans — @-0 ' Lemons, doz 20<Hi ; ti
Brazil Nuts 20@- Pears, ib B®{S, •
Bananas doz ....15©23 Pineapples. eacn..4o@M
Blackberries dwr.6og— Pomegranates, dz 40@Vr
Cranberries. qt....i-@U Persimmons, — 'Siii
Cocoanuts. each...— ®1) Quinces, per lb *» *
Chestnuts, per 1b.1.".©20 Raisins, per Ib" s©r!
Figs, per 1b.......»@— Raspberries. dwi-*4o®oO
Grapes, per lb...B@l^i j Strawberries, per
'Huckleberries. . j drawer . 30<aw\
¦; per 1b...... — '3— Walnuts, perlb...— ©15
Vegetables-
Artichokes. doz. 123 Leeks., do* bch5...13®30
Beets, doz 10@— Okra. dried, 1b....— </J4O
Bean* white, lb.. «@— Green Peppers, !b ryy i
' Colored, per lb.. 5@- Potatoes, per lb 2'3'H. ,
• Dried Llma*lb.. 6® $ Sweet Potatoes, lb 2® i
Green Lima, lb. B@lo Parsnips, pr doz..lo@—
Cranberry Beans.. 6®— Radishes, dz bchs. 15@20
Cabbage, each — s@— Sago, doz bnchs..2."><s?isrt
Celery, heat. M 2— String Beans, lb. 10® \2V*
Cress, doz bnchs.. Summer Squash,
Cucumber*. *>»... per pound ...... 81SIO
Egg Plant, 1b.... 6® 3 Sprouts, per lb.. «a 1
Garlic • 4 1J> 8 Spinach, per 1b... 6@—
Green Peas, 1b....— ©10 Thyme, doz bchs.2sO*>
Lettuce." per d0z..10®20 Turnips, per doz..lo«S»— >
Mushrooms, pr 1b.15.ff 20 Tomatoes, per lb.. 53 | /
Onions, per 1b.... 2@ 3.
Fish-
Carp »•• — 9 8 3ea Bass — rQt — -
Catfish 10®— Smelts 12%f»f;
Codfish 12-51" Soles : %m\\
Flounders —Win Skates, each B®lif
Halibut : 12'4«1S Squid :_^_
Herring B©— Tomcod 12%^1S
Mackerel la® - Turbot ....15«23
Do, horse 10®— ¦ Trout 20S2S
Perch SOW Brook Trout —i&li
Porrpiao ...•• 40®50. Whiteflsh 10O—
Rockcod ...... .".12 1 4®lo Clams, gallon. BO'S— ¦
Rockflsh. 10®12% Do. hardshell. !b S-aiO
Salmon, fre5h. ..12%@15 Crawfish .'. 8(3iO
• Do. smoked.. 15025 Crabs, each 12%<?9ir.
Sardines 10©— Mussels, quart. —fit
Shrimps — #10 Oysters. Cal. 100..40'35i)
Shad 10ifr— . Do. Eastern. d*. 25 #40
Striped Bass./...12%@r.
«
STOCK MARKET.
Sales were few on 'he morning session of th»
Bond Exchange and the only fluctuation worthy
of note was a rieclin? in Paauhau Sugar to
$11 23. The oil stocks were dull.
Quotations for all stocks remained practically
unchanged In the afternoon and there was vey
little goinz on.
We?t Shore Otl waa ex.-dfvid<>nd of 5c yes
terday.
The Kern River OH assessment of 50c waa
delinquent in the company's office yesterday.
Continued on Page Thirteen,SAYS HIS WIFE
TAPPED THE TILL
L. J. Westlake Makes
Objection to Paying
Alimony.
She Admits Taking Money,
but Asserts It Was Only
Borrowed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 29.
, Leonard J. Westlake, who keeps a
drugstore at Emeryville, says his wife
tapped the- till in his place of business.
Hi wys she tapped it so often that she
Bow quite a comfortable bank ac
"» unt. That is why he objects to paying
fc*r alimony, which she claims she is* en
titled to.
Westlake made the till-tapping charge
In an affidavit filed to-day in reply to
Marguerite Westlake's plea for a stipend,
pending the outcome of her suit for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. The
plaintiff asserts that her husband treated
her so inhumanely that she was forced to
leave him and fly to her brother in San
Francisco.
When the motion for alimony was
called in Judge Greenes court defend
ant s counsel presented affidavits in his
behalf. It was contended that the court
had not jurisdiction in the matter be
cause his wife is now a resident in San
Francisco. He said she had willfully
abandoned her home in Oakland and
packed her trunk with things that did not
belong to her, some of which he com
piled her to disgorge under penalty of a
forced sojourn until they were relin
quished.
Then Westlake asserts that he had a
little drugstore at San Pablo and Park
e venues, in the rear of which he lived
with his wife. There is a patent till in
that store under one of the counters and
this till, Westlake asserts, was frequently
lapped by Mrs. West!ake, she be.ing in
possession of the combination. She, it is
vehemently charged in the affidavit, told
her husband when he remonstrated about
these "borrowings," that they were sums
u*.-.nded for loan to her brother. The
T- iavit maker says, however, that he
iot believe that these amounts were
to her brother, but were appropri
ated by the plaintiff.
In suppor; at Westlake' s assertions that
his wite had a bank account of her own,
an affidavit, signed by Mrs. Benjamin
Westiake. the defendant's sister-in-iaw,
was presented, in which she says that the
:ff had given her to understand that
the had abstracted from 5700 to $Bou from
her husband's store and that she was
poing to keep up the good work until she
nad ?150(i to her credit in the bank.
Upon being called to the stand Mrs.
Westlake admitted that she had taken
from $150 to $300 from the money drawer,
but said that this and $400 more had been
used to pay a certain debt of her fcus
band's. She also admitted accepting $200
from her husband as a balm for her in
jured feelings after he had once slapped
her, but asserted that he had borrowed
it ail back from her.
Judge Greene continued the case a
week, after the wife's attorneys had
pleaded for further time in which to make
¦9 some affidavits in their client's behalf.
GOOD FIGHT TO A DRAW.
> T eill and Billy Smith in Ring Battle
at Portland.
PORTLAND, C:\. Mar. 29.— Al Neill of
i San Francisco and "Mysterious" Billy
y Smith of Portland fought twenty rounds
draw at the Exposition building to
: ight. McfU proves himself to be a clever
: . but his blows lacked force. He
tough 1 , an aggressive light all the way
through and jabbed Smith with his left
continually. Smith was very wild and
Neill cleverly blocked his rushes.
Both men were cautious up to the
twelfth round, when they started in to
mix it up. In that round Smith landed
on Neill' s jaw, but Neill came back wi_h
his left and right on the jaw. In the
fourteenth Smith knocked Neill against
the ropes with a heavy right-hander over
the heart, but Neill came up with a smile
and led to Smith's jaw, but fell short.
Smith led with right for Neill's body, but
the San Franciscan was clever on his feet
and got away.
In the eighteenth round Neill landed a
Terrific left-hander on Smith's jaw, which
staggered him. but the gong allowed him
to come up strong for the nineteenth
round. Neill appeared the stronger, but
his blows lacked the force for a knock
out. He punched Smith repeatedly on
the jaw with his left vrhile the latter was
trying for Neiil's body, but Neill either
blocked his blows or got away. When
they came up for the twentieth round it
v.as evident that there would be no
knockout unless a chance blow was de
livered, but both men appeared strong.
There was no fart work in the twentieth,
both men left the ring without a
scratch.
In the preliminary bout between Harry
Foley of San Francisco and Charles Jost
ortiand the former was given the de
w < ision on a foul in the ninth round. The
~;on so enraged Jost that he stepped
up to Foley while the latter's back was
turned and dealt him a stinging blow be
hind the ear. knocking him sprawling on
the floor. The crowd started to take a
hand in the fight, but the police soon re
stored order.
New Baseball League.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The American As-
Kociation of professional baseball clubs,
with T. J. Hickey as president, was
launched to-day. The new magnates fin
ished their preliminary business and ad
journed subject to the call of the presi
dent. Chicago will be President Hickeys
headquarters. The circuit and owners of
the franchises were announced as follows:
Indianapolis, W. H. Atkins and J. Bausch
kaup: Milwaukee. H. D. Quinn and C. S.
Havener: St. Paul, George Lennon; Co
lumbus, T. J. Brice; Toledo. Charles Stro
bel: Minneapolis, A. B. Beals; Omaha, W.
A. Rourke: Kansas City. George Tebeau.
The new league announced that it would
not affiliate with the national body or
with any of the minor leagues. It was
announced that this decision was not
taken in any spirit of defiance, but be
the new organization considers
itseif out of the class of the minor
leagues, although not ranking with the
national organization. Contracts will be
lespected. but not reservations.
The Western League, of which Hickey
was formerly president, will be reorgan
ized with a six-club cut, made up of Den
'olorado Spring?. St. Joseph, Dcs
i'oines. Sioux City and Lincoln. Applica
msmm in the American Association were
P d to Grand Rapids, Cincinnati and
Chicago.
It is learned to-night that the managers
and owners of the St. Joseph (Mo.) and
Dcs Molnes (lowa.) clubs in the Western
I not place teams in the West
r-rn this season, but will try for admission
into the new league.
ROME Nov 29— The Pope to-day received in
audience' M«r. Scalabrini, Archbishop of Pia
<enza who recently returned here from a visit
v. the Tnited State*. The Archbishop reported
at length to the Pontiff on the work of the
church in America.
KEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. MARY GREGOVICH
Of Philipsburg, Montana, Tells How
She Was Cured of Dandruff.
Mary Gregovich. of Philipsburg:,
Montana, under date of Nov. 26, 1899,
writes: "I had typhoid fever this sum-
mer, consequently vas losing my hair
terribly, and my head in places was per-
fectly bald. Xewbro'B Herpicide had just
tome into use in Philipsburg, and the
&'¦ tor strongly recommended it to me.
After 3 or 4 applications my hair stopped
falling: out, and is coming in again quite
thick. I used to be troubled greatly with
dandruff, of which I am now quite
cured." Kill the dandruff germ with
Herpicide.
MAJOR CHARLES BRASLAN
WEDS MISS OLGA PIEPER
Popular Garden City Clubman aq,d Ac
complished Young Woman Embark in
Partnership Graft Upon Matrimonial Sea
PRINCIPALS IN A WEDDING IN THE GARDEN CITY WHO HAVE THE
WELL WISHES OF A LARGE CIRCLE OF ACQUAINTANCES IN
HIGH SOCIETY AND CLUBDOM.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— Major Charles
P. Braslan and Miss Olga Adella
Pieper, of this city, were united
in marriage yesterday afternoon.
The bride is one of society's fa
vorites and is a highly accomplished mu
sician and artist. She is the daughter of
Mrs. Adella Pieper and the late J H.
Pieper, who for many years was City
Engineer of San Jose.
The wedding was a quiet affair; in the
home of the bride's mother on the Ala
meda, and only a score of relatives were
present. Flowers and plants decorated the
house and appropriate music accompanied
the ceremony. Rev. J. W- Dinsmore, of
the First Presbyterian Church, offi
ciated.
After the marriage Major and Mrs.
Braslan left for San Francisco. In a few
days they will start on their honeymoon,
EAT COAST ROAD MUST
SHOW WHAT IT EXPENDED
Street Committee of the Supervisors
Orders an Investigation Into the
Matter.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors directed the Board of Public
Works yesterday to ascertain if the Bay
and Coast Railway Company has expend
ed the sum of $25,000 in the construction
of its road, as required by the terms of
Its franchise.
The petition of the American Can Com
pany for a special permit to construct a
steel bridge over Seventh street, west of
Townsend. was heard. Attorney Gregory
stated that unless the permit was granted
the concern would be eventually com
pelled to leave San Francisco.
Supervisor Connor opposed the petition,
and it was referred to the City Attorney,
who is considering the legality of an ordi
nance granting the Chutes a similar prlv
ilegf*.
George Raundy, president of the Uni
versity Mound Club, called the commit
tee's attention to obstructions in the dis
trict which prevented citizens from
reaching their polling places on election
day. The Board of Works had refused
to take action, and Raundy was told to
go before the Board of Supervisors with
his complaint. . , *_ , ;
The - grades on Polk street, between
Chestnut and San Francisco, were ordered
changed.
Special Advent Services.
The opening of the season of Advent
will be marked at St. Francis Church by
the preaching of a number of special ser
mons by the pastor. Rev. Father T. Cara
her At the 11 o'clock mass Sunday morn
ing Father Caraher will preach on tne
"Judgment in the Valley of Josaphat."
The Rev. Father John A. Cull ol St.
Francis de Sales Church. Oakland, will
preach Thursday evening and on Friday
evening the Rev. Father Horan of St.
Patrick's Church will officiate. A triduan
will be held on the last three days of next
week for the benefit of the Children of
Mary and the parishioners in general.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Manuel S. Lucas,
aged 31 years, and Mary V. Quarte, VJ,
both of Haywards; Daniel A. Pratt, 21,
and Bessie L. Miller. 19, both of Oakland;
Antone A. Rogers, 26, and Louise M. Jo
seph 24. both of San Leandro; Michael
Zoppi, 32, Alameda, and Madelina Ferrari.
24 Oakland; George W. Clark, 21, and
Hattie A. Chandler, 21, both of San Fran
cisco.
Hope resembles the head of a pin and
disappointment the other end.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
which will include a tour of the East and
probably a trip to London and continental
Europe.
Major Braslan is one of the most popu
lar men of this city, and is prominent in
club and social life.
Marries a j-ioomis Man.
LOOMIS, Nov. 29.— Miss Gertrude Rod
dan of Loomis and Charles E. Kerr of
Lincoln were married yesterday at the
home of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
D. F. Roddan. Rev. Dr. Banks of Sac
ramento performed the ceremony. C. H.
Roddan bf San Francisco acted as best
man and Miss Akins of Wheatland as
bridesmaid. After the ceremony the
guests partook of a wedding dinner.
After a short honeymoon Mr. and Mrs.
Kerr will take up their residence in Lin
coln.
SUBSTANTIAL REWARD
FOR BRAVE MESSENGER
Charles F. Charles Is Presented With
One Thousand Dollars and a
Gold Medal.
Charles F. Charles, the Wells-Fargo &
Co.'s shotgun messenger who distinguish
ed himself for bravery in the recent hold
up of the Oregon express near Eugene,
has been fittingly rewarded by his em
ployers. On Thanksgiving day Charles
was presented with $1000 in greenbacks
and a beautiful gold medal, suitably in
scribed, by President Valentine of the
express company. The presentation cere
monies were conducted at the company's
office, and all of the directors and officers
of the concern were present. Valentine
made a neat speech in which he compli
mented Charles on his bravery. The
messenger expressed his gratitude and
said that he had only done his duty.
Charles' attitude during the hold-up
was that of a hero. He refused to open
the doors of his car and tne train robbers
blew them open with dynamite. Even
then Charles held his post and finally
foiled the robbers.
Joseph Faure Asphyxiated.
Joseph Faure, a sheepherder, was found
asphyxiated in a room at 505 Bush street
yesterday morning. The stopcock on the
gas burner was fully open. Faure was
vi married and 28 years old. He arrived
from Walla Walla two days ago and was
ignorant of the use of gas. He is thought
to nave blown out the flame
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Nov. 29—Pe
ter Faure, who was found dead In San
Francisco early this morning, was a prom
inent young Frenchman of this place He
left Walla Walla last Monday, going to
San Francisco in order to spend the win
ter. He was 26 years of age and unmar
ried. He has several hundred dollars in
one of the local banks.
Caught With His Plunder.
Frank Wilson, a young man, effected
an entrance last night into the jewelry
store of A. Lubeck, at 4 Sixth street by
climbing through the transom. He was
discovered by Officer Fontana, who, as
sisted by Officers Goodwin and McEntee
effected his arrest. He was taken to the
Southern police station, where he was
charged with burglary. Eighteen watches
were found on him.
Receives Badge of Honor.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14 of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen last night Past Master Work
man Robert Romer was presented a
badge of honor for having worked most
energetically for the increase of member
ship of his lodge. The badge was donated
by the Grand Lodge.
MYSTIC CASTLE
NOW IN ASHES
Fire Destroys Ghostly
Mansion Where Magic
Reigned.
Flames Recall the Strange
Story of Black Cross
Brethren.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
"1118 Broadway, Nov. 29.
Castle Peterhof, with its strange mem
ories of mysticism and magic, is no more.
The rambling structure that overlooked
Upper Fruitvale from the high hillside
on which it stood was burned to the
ground this evening. All that remains of
the mysterious home of the Order of the
Black Cross is a mass of charred ruins
and the memory of the ghostly crew that
once held forth among its uncanny en
vironments.
For miles around the mass of flames
that destroyed the big white castle was
visible. Hundreds of people were attract
ed to the scene, to watch the last of the
mysterious building, which was the cen
ter of one of the most remarkable series
of episodes in the record of fact.
Soon after 5:30 o'clock this afternoon
the fire was discovered. Alarms were
given, and the volunteer departments of
Lower and Upper Fruitvale responded.
But there was not a drop of water avail
able, so the tire fighters could only stand
around and watch the rapid destruction
of the famous old structure.
The place was tenantless and to tramps
ia ascribed the fire that has closed its
existence. Two months ago it was occu
pied as a "Home for the friendless," but
the managers suddenly disappeared one
day. Since then wanderers have enjoyed
its hospitalities.
Strange Story of a Black Cross.
Castle Peterhof was located 150 yards
east of Fruitvale avenue, opposite East
Twenty-seventh street. It was the home
in his lifetime of Dr. Peter William Poul
son, a one-time successful dentist in this
city and one of the central figures in the
strange story of the Black Cross, which
startled Oakland a few years ago. When
he appeared before public gaze it was as
Count Peter Poulson of Castle Peterhof,
founder and high priest of the Brother
hood of the Black Cross, a band of re
ligious devotees who had united to uplift
their spiritual condition. As high priest
Dr. Poulson composed a strange ritual,
calling for incantation and conjurings.
The brethren assembled in a chapel, the
walls and ceiling of which were draped in
black, with streaks of flaming red over
them. In monastic garb the worshipers
made their esoteric divinations and ob
served the ritualistic ceremonies Count
Peter had evolved.
He owned Peterhof and many other
holdings, the accumulation of his many
years of professional practice. Poulson
was at this juncture divorced from Mrs.
Edna Snell Poulson, now a resident of
Berkeley. He became interested in a
clairvoyant, a Mrs. Staples of San Fran
cisco, who had a daughter, Alice. Count
Peter decided that he had been command
ed by voices from the unseen world to wed
the daughter. And in due time there was
a spirit wedding. The new mistress of
Peterhof was installed in the old castle.
By and by trouble broke upon the high
priest of the Black Cross.
The very unspiritual divorce court was
brought into service. Countess Poulson
made very serious charges against her
mystic lord and master. He retaliated
with counter-charges. Before the litiga
tion came to trial the Count deeded Pe
terhof and a lot of Los Angeles property
to the accusing wife. They separated for
a time, but finally were reunited.
Troubles Come to the Count.
Across the path of the Count came one
Lizzie Carter, who had known the leader
of the Black Cross Brotherhood when he
lived in lowa. Lizzie Carter tried to con
vince the dentist that he should put away
his bride Alice and wed her. Miss Carter
was positive that the spirits had gone
awry, and -that she, Lizzie Carter, was
the only true spiritual spouse for the
Count. Miss Carter enlivened the domes
tic mixup by penning many remarkable
letters to the master of Peterhof.
A daughter, Deborah, had been born to
the Poulsons. Among the followers of
the Poulson mysteries was a Mrs. Boui
lon. She had a son, a mere child, who
was duly consecrated as the spirit hus
band of young Deborah.
Another strange devotee was Prophet
Smith, who for several years resided at
Peterhof, an object of curiosity and some
alarm on the part of the uninitiated
neighbors.
At last Count Peter departed and ended
his days at Council Bluffs, where he was
given peaceful burial. Mrs. Poulson, now
a widow, and with Peterhof on her hands,
discovered that litigation cost money. The
years of battle had eaten up the property.
It came to be an object of a dozen law
suits. She defended her title and won,
but the mortgages rendered her victory
a barren one.
The widowed Countess married again a
few years ago. She is now Mrs. Alice
Austin, wife of a San Francisco musician
resi.-Jincr at 108 Clara avenue.
Prophet Smith has gone to his reward.
Lizzie Carter is an inmate of the lowa
State Hospital for the Insane and Peter
hof, with its ghostly towers and gables,
is a heap of ashes.
Held for Burglary.
William Kernan was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
yesterday on two charges of burglary in
$1000 bonds on each charge. It is alleged
that he broke into the basement of Louis
A. Gyles' residence, 1429 Webster street,
on November 23 and stole carpets, which
he sold in a Mission-street second-hand
store, and returned two days later and
stole another large roll of carpet, which
he sold.
JENKINS NOT TO BE
GOVERNOR OF OKLAHOMA
The Cabinet Decides After Consider
able Discussion Not to Rs
appoint Him.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The major
portion of the last Cabinet meeing be
fore the convening of Congress was de
voted to going over some recess appoint
ments which will be sent to Congress
next week.
Considerable time was spent upon the
question of reappointing Governor Jen
kins of Oklahoma. Charges were made
against Governor Jenkins regarding his
connection with a cattle company organ
ized in the Territory and the President
gave him a hearing last Monday. It was
decided to-day not to reappoint him.
Secretary Root at the meeting to-day
presented the President and each of his
associates with a cane made from the
wood of an ancient Chinese gun carriage
captured at the siege of Peking. The
carriage was said to be over 500 years old.
FAST MAIL TRAIN
RUSHING TO THE EAST
JLost Time Made Up by a Run of
Eighty Miles an
Hour.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 29.— The east
bound Lake Shore fast mail train which
left Chicago practically an hour late at
2:56 this morning with over 400 pouches of
Australian mail that are being rushed
across the continent to catch Saturday's
steamer for Queenstown, reached Cleve
land at 11:34 a. m., or nine minutes late.
The train reached a speed of eighty
miles an hour several times during the
run, while the average time, including
stops and slowdowns, was fifty-five miles
an hour. The train was delayed here sev
eral minutes and left for the East fifteen
minutes late. The lost time was made up
between this city and Brie, however, and
the train will reach New York on time.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions in
insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: M. K. Met
kovlch. miner, San Jose, liabilities $6645, no as
sets; Melville C. Clea\es, railroad clerk, San
Francisco, liabilities $98 95, no assets; William
Meier, laborer, Grass Valley, liabilities $598 65,
no assets; George Miller, poolroom proprietor.
Woodland, liabilities $2261 56, assets $1000.
STEEL MAGNATE GATES
COMES TO HUNT DUCKS
Reports Say He Played in the Biggest Game
of Poker in This Country and Showered
Money From the Eiffel Tower in Paris
m
JOHr# W. GATES, steel trust mag
nate of Chicago, is at the Palace
with a party of friends. His
party arrived here yesterday from
Chicago, and will indulge in the
sport of duck-shooting for a couple of
weeks as the guests of the Country Club.
Gates is a many times millionaire. He is
a big man in politics back in Illinois and
once declined the portfolio of Secretary
of the Interior in Harrison's Cabinet.
Of late years he sprang into prominence
as an alleged participant in the million
dollar poker game, which, it is said,
was played in a train of the Lake Shore
Limited between New York and Chi
cago. He also came before the public
during the Paris Exposition, when he
was taken from the Eiffel Tower by tne
gendarmes after he had thrown several
thousand dollars from the summit, just
to show that his heart was in the right
place. cif'.;
. The New Yorkers of Wall street have
tried to cripple him more > than once on
the Stock Exchange, , but he has always
come up smiling.
He is 'accompanied in' his private car to
this city by O. H. Roche, Chicago; J.
Hopkins, St. Louis; J. S. Page. New
York, and D. T. Bradley, New York, sup
posed to be the best pigeon trap shoot
ers in the United States. Yesterday af
ternoon Gates ordered a carriage for them
and escorted them to the conveyance and
ordered the driver to take them all
ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY
ENTERTAINS AT PALACE
Holds Its Annual Banquet, Which Is
Largely Attended by Members
and Friends.
The thirty-ninth annual reunion and
banquet of the St. Andrew's Society was
held last evening in the maple room of
the Palace Hotel. About three hundred
members and their friends were present
and a most enjoyable evening was spent.
During the dinner a Scotch piper in
Highland costume alternated with an
orchestra in furnishing the music. The
following toasts were responded to.
"The President"; "The King": "tit. An
drew's Day"; response. Dr. J. Wilson Shiels;
"The Land We Live In"— response, J. C. Fyfe;
"The Lasses" — response, J. McNaught.
To the efforts of the following members
of the society credit is due for the even
ing's entertainment:
President. James Rolph Jr.; first vice presi
dent P. Livingston Dunn; second vice presi
dent! James C. Fyfe; treasurer, Y. C. Lawson;
recording secretary, George St. John Bremner;
assistant recording secretary, Joseph Gray; fin
ancial secretary, R. D. Colquhoun; assistant
financial secretary, Thomas G. Aitken; libra
rian, William Fairgrieve.
Trustees— Samuel Irving. John McLaren, An
drew McNair, Richard Gratto, AVilliam Bal-
Board of relief— Joseph P. Cochran. John M.
Duncan, James Kay; physician. Dr. W. F. Mc-
N'utt; chaplain. Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
Reception committee — James McNab, J. C.
Webster, William Nicol, A. Wilkie, S. Irving,
William Balnaves. John McLaren.
Floor committee— Donald McLaren, Frank
Webster, Arthur Davidson.
Grand Lodge of Workmen Sued.
Morris Jones, guardian of Bernhard
Isaacs, an incompetent, brought suit yes
terday against the Grand Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen to
compel the lodge to pay him $2000, said
to be due on a certificate of membership
issued to Matthew Murray, o! Jackson,
Amador County, in January, 18S9. Murray
had previously held a certificate made
payable to Cecelia Murray, but he re
voked it and had one issued in favor of
Isaacs, in consideration of a loan of
$1200 made him by the latter. Isaacs be
came insane in November, 1595, and his
guardian now claims that the Grand
Lodge of Workmen refuses to pay the
money.
Harry Vollers Sentenced.
United States Secret Service Agent Ha
zen was informed yesterday that Harry
Vollers was recently sentenced by the
Federal Court at Juneau to two years'
Imprisonment in the penitentiary on Mc-
Neills Island, State of Washington, for
making and passing counterfeit dollars.
After Vollers had been indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury in Alaska he es
caped and was captured in this city by
Secret Service Agents Hazen and Moffitt.
The prisoner was taken to Juneau by
United States Marshal Shine and pleaded
guilty. Vollers is well known here, hav
ing worked for a time as a deputy in the
Recorder's office.
Noted Economist to Lecture.
Dr. Richard T. Ely, a noted economist,
will lecture at the Academy of Sciences
this evening on the subject, "Evolution
of Industrial Society." Dr. Ely is one of
the originators of the American Economic
Association, which was founded in 1885. and
is at present president of the University
Association, he having been elected in
1899 at Ithaca. New York, and re-elected
at Detroit, Mich., in 1900. The lecture
will be given under the auspices of the
Economic League of this city, of which
Judge Frank Murasky is president and
Mrs. Elsa Searing Marston secretary.
The lecture will be looked forward to with
interest by all students of economics.
WORKMAN INJURED BY A FALL.— John
Ismond, a laborer employed at the Rlsdon
Iron Works, was standing on a ladder oiling a
pulley yesterday, when he lost his balance and
fell a distance of twelve feet. He was taken
to the City and County Hospital, where it was
ascertained that he had sustained a fracture of,
the right arm and shoulder.
STEEL MAGNATE OF CHICAGO
WHO IS VISITING SAN FRAN
CISCO.
througth Golden Gate Park, as this was
their first visit to the coast.
After his friends had gone Gates started'
for the Pacific Union Club to Dlay a
little game of poker, where the limit is
no object. He declines to be interviewed
on any subject, and to all questions an
swers that he is out here for pleasure
and that he does not want to talk shop.
I'RANKIE WHITE LOSES
SUIT AGAINST HUSBAND
Supreme Court Upholds "Cattle
King" in Deeding Real Estate
to John Wise.
George E. White, the Round Valley cap
italist, who has figured prominently in
several sensational incidents in Mendocino
County, won a suit in the Supreme Court
yesterday, in which the title to some val
uable real estate was at issue between
himself and his former wife.
It is alleged that when Mrs. Frankie
White was about to sue for divorce the
"cattle king," wishing to prevent her
getting alimony, deeded his prop
erty away. The Judge in whose court
proceedings for divorce were instituted en
joined White from disposing of his pos
sessions, but allowed him to carry on his
usual business pending a settlement of
the case. Shortly afterward White deeded
some real estate to John H. -Wise, and
Mrs. Frankie White brought suit to re
cover it.
The lower court rendered judgment in
her favor, but the Supreme Court held
that as the capitalist had deeded the
property to Wise in payment for a debt,
it was in the line of regular business and
perfectly legal. A decree in favor of
White was then ordered.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Frank Troy and Harry Costello were ar
rested early yesterday morning at
Oregon and Front streets by Police
men Bunner and Green and locked up in
"the tanks " pending an investigation.
When they saw the officers they threw
away a screwdriver and monkey-wrench.
They are suspected of being the men who
have been breaking into commission
houses and stores in the wholesale dis
trict and rifling telephone boxes.
Held for Robbery.
Jeremiah Kennealy. alias Connolly, an
ex-convict, was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday on the charge of robbery in
$2000 bonds. On the morning of November
2 he followed Robert Ornes of Menlo
Park out of a saloon at Fourth and Mis
sion streets and robbed him of his gold
watch and chain.
_ Fels-Naptha \
You can't believe until
you try what Fels-Naptha
soap will do clothes- wash- _;
ing and house- cleaning.
. This remarkable soap,
Fels-Naptha, takes dirt out
of clothes in half usual time
with half usual work, and
the , clothes last longer,
without boiling or scalding
a single piece.
Fact, or the money re-
turned by the grocer you
buy it from.
Pels & Co.
Philadelphia Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.).
.'. : ¦." -¦. '¦ ¦. .¦ , , ~ ,• - San Francisco.
PITCHES WOMAN
INTO THE ROAD
Derailing of Electric Car
Causes Injury to
Passenger.
Mrs. James Pritchard Hurt
in Accident at Eighth-
Street Bridge.
Oakland Office San F*aneisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 29.
Car No. 4 of the Eighth-street (East
Oakland) branch of the Oakland Transit
Company left the track this afternoon
just as it crqssed the eastern approach
to Eighth-street bridge at First avenue.
Mrs. James Pritchard, a widow, residing
at 658 Ninth street, was thrown from her
seat into the street and badly injured.
The car, after it jumped the rails,
plowed through the street and brought
up on the sidewalk crossing. An up
grade in the street offered some obstacle
to the progress of the car and prevented
a much more serious outcome of the ac
cident. ¦
Mrs. Pritchard was sitting on one of
the outside seats when the sudden jolt
as the wheels turned into the roadway
threw her off the car. She fell in a heap
in the street. The carmen, as soon as the
runaway car was stopped, went to Mrs.
Pritchard's assistance and carried her
into a nearby residence, where she re
mained until surgeons arrived. Her ex
ternal injuries consisted of very severe
body contusions and twistings of rier
arms. She suffered severely from the
shock.
Other passengers on the car were given
a shock and scare, but escaped bodily
injury. The car was in charge of 9fo-<
torman Dodge and Conductor Fltzsim
mons. The railroad men say they can
not discover the cause of the derailment.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT
FOR ODD FELLOWS' WARD 3
Large Audience Enjoys the Pro*
gramme Prepared by the Local
Rebekah Lodges.
More than fifteen hundred people con
tributed to a worthy charity last nig^t
by attending the entertainment and ball
given in Odd Fellows' Hall for the bene
fit of the Odd Fellows' Oprhans' Home at
Gilroy. The entertainment was planned
by the Rebekah lodges of this city and
proved a great success.
The entertainment was by the Colum
bian Minstrels, and that it was appreciated
was manifested by the liberal applause
given each performer. Aja attractive;
feature was the introduction of a special
chorus composed of the following named
lady members of the local lodges:
Mesdames J. Haas, Minnie Homeyer, Stych,
Minnie Robinson, Maud Timbreil, Osthoft. Lulu
Perry, Misses Mattie Webb, Mabel WLlliama.
Grace Bray, Emma Arison, Ada Laurence, Kata
Detenhoff, E. M. Archer, Gertie Wimmer.
Bertha Baker, Olivia Pollock, Birda Field.
Edith Heptrum, Alvena Schuessel, Anni«
Baker, Abbie Ewing, Jennie Wright, Agnes
Urquhart. .
The dance programme was made up of
ten numbers, with two extras.
The several committees that success
fully conducted the affair were as fol
lows:
Arrangements: California Rebekah Lo.lse
No. I—Sister1 — Sister Lewis, Sister Ossosky, Brother
Lewis; Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19 — .-
Ashworth, Sister Munro, Brother Smith .
ental Rebekah Lodge No. 90— Sister Be
Sister Draf fin. Brother Hammersmith ; .
Rebekah Lodge No. 161— Sister Hudson.
Thompson, Brother Forbes: Loyal Rebekah
Lodge No. 215 — Sister Wright, Sister Bourne.
Brother Wright; Mission Rebekah Lodge No.
25 — Sister Hurst, Sister Jackson, Brother Mau
rer; Jubilae Rebekah Lodge No. 223 — Sister
Gress, Sister Munroe, Brother Hoffman Wil
liam, Nichols Jr., grand master; W. W. Wat
son, past grand master; W. A. Bonynge. past
grand master; Nellie Mitchell, president Re
bekah Assembly; Alma I. Jensen, warden Re
bekah Assembly: Mary E. Donoho, secretary
Rebekah Assembly; George T. Shaw, secretary
Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F. ; W. H. Barnes, scribe
Grand Encampment: V. S. G. Clifford, assist
ant secretary Grand Lodge; J. F. Nichols,
grand trustee: John Morton, Daniel Flint, A.
C Bates. J. F. Thompson,- trustees I. O. O. F.
Home; Frank P. Ashworth. H. L. Whippl*,
George A. Urquhart, William M. Hilton. M. D..
J. L. Kercheval, Josephine L. Kercheval. Dr.
James Frost. Fred W. Stowell. General H. O.
Brower. J. B. Baraty, C. J. Maurer. H. Dow,
Helen Larimer, Sarah M. Thompson. Harriet
E. Beckley. Floy C. Urquhart, Frank E. Smith,
Columbia Minstrel Company, Louis Hammer
smith, W. H. Blunden, W. S. Fleming, L.
Schultze, F. D. Worth, Mrs. J. L. Kercheval,
T. R. Mann, H. W. Nowell. Dr. T. B. W.
Leland, W. J. Pattosien, H. Jacks, V. F.
Northrop, Lillia B. Holcomb, Allie Parker. P.
C Burkhardt, C. Andressen, Captain H. I.
Brooks. M. P. Forbes, C. F. Phillips, Byrpo
Mauzy.
Floor manager, W. O. Parker; assistants.
Frank W. Derby. John Ball, F. R. Parker,
Roy A. Daniels. Frank E. Smith.
Reception — Floy C. Urquhart, Helen Larimer,
Alma I. Jensen. Minnie Dobbin, Christine An
dressen. Parthenia Burkhardt, Emma Langer
man, Lizzie Watson, Thirza Crossman, Dora
Baker, Lizzie Stanton. Lillie B. Holcomb, Allia
Parker, Lizzie Braley 'larguerite Derby, Flor
ence Giovanessi, Abu j Ewing, Minnie Ho
meyer, Sarah Crawford. Ada Burnheimer,
Addle Clevenger. Hattie Fenn.
Refreshment — Anna M. Lewis. Geneva Ash
worth,' Hattie Hudson. Harriet Beckley, Jennie
T. Wright. Mary Hurst, Gabrielle Gress,
Martha Ossosky. Bessie L. Munro. Sarah M.
Thompson, Sarah Draffln. Ella R. Bourne,
Julia Jackson, Pricella Monroe.
Society Installs Officers.
The officers elected to serve for the cur.
rent term for Branch 25 of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society were installed lasi
evening in the hall of St. Mary's Churcfc
(Paulist) by the deputy grand president
The new officers are: President, Miss
Mamie Donahue; past president, Mrs. D.
T. Sullivan; vice president. Mrs. Mary
Smith; vice president junior, Katherin«
Games; secretary, Miss Mary Jones (re
elected); corresponding secretary. llis»
Annie Donahue (re-elected); financial sec
retary. Mrs. A. Kenniff: treasurer, Mrs.
O. F. Sheaffer (re-elected); marshal. Mra
P. Smith; guard, Miss Margaret Nunan.
Baseball Game Postponed.
Owing to the inclement weather th«
third annual game of baseball betweer
the Oakland and San Francisco post
offices, which was to have been played
on Thanksgiving day. was postponed un
til Washington's birthday. The gamo
will be played at Freeman" 3 Park (Golder
Gate), Berkeley.
112
bAt FRANCISCO CALL. ;
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Mark?t and Third streets; open
until it o'clock -every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Cay; open until 9:30 p. ni. -
SOO Hayes Ft reel; open until 9:30 p.: m.
CSS McAllister rtreet; open until 9-.30 p. m.
*1S Larkir. street: open until 9:30 p. m.
J»4] Minion street: open until 10 p. m.
:2fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 p. m. ,
ins Eleventh street: open untl. 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tu<-kv Rtr**ti:: open until 9 p. m.
s*oo Fillmore street: open until 9 p. HI.
™ MEETING NOTICES.
SAN~ FRANCISCO Consistory <-j-»r^»
I."o 1 Ancient and Accepted /^j&lSLsAl.
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. £3&>?SB*r*
Officers and member?, you are iMlmMf'^W
hereby notified to assemble at «»y f\wrS /rsl
Masonic Temple, coiner Post ''^-^^^-»7
and Montgomery sts.. on SUN- -r^. jflH.i-.tV
DAY. December 1, ISJI. at S;.!^^V' ¦
12:30 o'clock sharp, to attend • "-"*".
the funeral obsequies of our late brother,
JAMES MAI-COLM GLEAVES, 32d degree.
Special through car will . leave Post and
Montgomery sis. at 1 o'clock sharp and will
be held at Mission Masonic Hall for return.
i:v FRANK. B. LADD. Master of Kaddsh.
' FRANK B. LADD. Master of Kadosh.
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
SAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal *
An* Sltwiw. meets THIS EVENING. . |V.
' degrees ; and 6. - • _ • ¦ • *\sr^
U. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M . a
r.-.li ;-.•--; THIS SATURDAY) EVEN-
ING N.-vrrglvrr 30, at 7:30 o'clock. inikA
Cotnaiaadcry Hall. M. M. degree. By/^-»
order <v F 7 tA y K L,ix H. DAY. Secretary.
} KANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION I.oCjzo No ICB. F. and A. M.— {¦
.-.<> 1 meeting THIS 'SATURDAY) J\_ i
NIXi, fi.t 7 ::>."¦ o'clock. Third de- jLj\
C rto. " R. E. ALLAN. Sec /V y
nxVxLSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
Third decree THIS EVENING, 1^- j
< ; :;-.'oor M, at 7:3!> o'clock. ; I«L3\
1. J. OWEN, Secretary. /TT>
MISSION l^ous«No. Us. F. and A, M.— •
Of 1.: and members are hereby . no- _4\_
tiftVd to attend the funeral cf our de- 7JL3T
coated rather, .TAMES MALCOLM f*P
WES. from the hall of .this lodge
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, at
1:30 o'ciO'U By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA" Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. < s,xr*di&.
F.— TUc funeral detail will please «*3fe
niect TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). ?££&&£:
r.t 9:<:< o'clock a. -.:.. in our lodge- V ~V
ro-rm to attend the funeral of our late brother,
JACOit Li-:VY. SAMUEL POLACK. Sec.
WXAWATj SUGAR PLANTATION CO., office
JIT Market Ft.. Son Francisco. Nov. 20. 19U1:
A:.rual meeting— The annual meeting cf th«
Ftockholders of the Pnauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Com) any will be held at the office of the
tony. Z"l" Market St., 'in the city and
county at :-an Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber, lim. Nt the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the hmhiiiii cf electing a beard of directors
tn metre for the ensu ins. year, and for the
purpcEe of amend'ns paragraph I of article
XIII 'Of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to Hit- annual meeting of stockholders,,
and tor 6urh nthtr business as may come be-
frre the meettar. Transfer books will close
en Nov. 25. ISCI. at 2 o'clock p. m. , By order
cf the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGF.NTS WANTED.
WA*<Tl;D— Plcn^ant and nrofitable employ-
DKtst for a tew good men: good pay for ser-
vfceß desire'i: references required. Call room :
2C3. 7J3 Market st. ¦ ;
~ A»JUV:.iIM KOOI-'lSt;. i
. TFLTICIi. aaphaU roofing, t'dfiwalks re-
rV.:»-d: posts'. lIS* Mission: tel. Folsom *4...
CITY ASPHALTUM CO. 632 Market St.— Roofs.
Kidev.-nlkE. floors: cheap rates Tel Red 2332.
at:okm:vs AT law. j
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet. j
No charge without success; established 16 yrs. j
- Open evenings by appointment: phone John 31S1. |
G. W. HOWE. He Market st.. cor. Stockton. ;
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ; co!- ;
lections: attachments*: mortgages: bills of sale; |
partnerships :de6ds:wi!!s drawn ; tees low; open '
eve's. THURSTOX. ISCS I^ Mkt., r. 4, cpp. sth. j
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W. |
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason, i
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid?.. 527 Mar- j
ket Ft.: cor.s-ultation tree: no fees in advance. {
MCVCUH Snle or Exchange, j
vA>Orr~^coDd"nXnd~bi cycles for sale. $5 up; I
r»nd fcr bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL. [
?™ T^rtrin «t.
' BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of fvrry kind bought. Tel. Red 2»5«.
KOT.MKS BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission St.
JUREAI' TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every. ¦ description at bedrock
prlrw. Fsrtorr an-? salesroom. 828 Howard, j
HLSIXKSS CHAXCES. j
A^42OGO; HAIR store with manicure parlors. !
clear. at least 5200 per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.: place establ. 10 years; only
best class of customers. Call R. G. WILKK, '
26% Keavny st. ' ' ; I
A— FLORIST store, near Market st. and Grant
aye ¦ price Jf>oo; a Eplendid paying business. I
Call R. G. WILKE, SSV4 Kearny st. |
A— s3Co; KALF-IXTEREST in one of the best :
paying 6aloons on Pacific st.. near Montgom-
ery; or will sell whole place for $600; part-
ners don't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— 1600; SALOON on Sansome st. ; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— ssoo; SALOON, few doors from Market St.;
rent 520; a place taking in from $15 to S2O per
day; good fixtures; National cash register
and clearing at least $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2Co; PARTNER wanted In one of the best
paying corner ealoons of Oakland; . place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A—ssoo;A — $500; CHOP and oyster house; only 1 block
of The Call building; bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— I4CO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.. about 1 block from Market; rent
$30; a rood paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ss3oo: SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A -MERCHANTS, ATTENTION.
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
•cam a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO.,
Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market at., cor. Mason.
A— tSCO: PARTNER to engage with me in man-
ufacturing specialties in staple articles that
cell at eight; large profits: man must be a
fair talesman and a worker; best of refer-
ences given and required; state some particu-
lars. A-d dress M. 0.. box 2451, Call office. •
A FINE, opening for experienced man fpr half-
interest in paying 6 day restaurant; trial
given to right man; no triflers need apply.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
BUYERS— Have all kinds business chances and
real estate for sale. See other agents, then
_tee FRANK E. DEXNEX, r.2S, 14 McAllister.
$350— PARTXER wanted in the manufacturing
business-; clears $100 to $150 per month to each
partner. Call 935 Market st,, room 14.
CIGAR, notion and grocery store; free rent; 4
furnished rooms: trade $12 per day; $300. Pa-
cific Exchange. 765 Market at. '¦ • -
A — CAUTION: don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Guide: $1. 402 Parrott bis.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make
money, see C. L. HEDGES, 461-2 Parrott big.
WANTED— A good business man to take over
an established business; no immediate out-
lay for stock necessary as present owners
•will consign all the stock required from fac-
tory in the East oh easy terms, but party
must have some money for .running expenses
and freights and have unexceptionable refer-
ences. 217 Geary ft. „
GOOD, chance for man and wife: branch ba-
kery and laundry office; good location; 2 liv-
ing rooms: rent $14; price $250. Address, etc..
box 2402. Call office. ¦„ "
STEADY man who can loan employer $300 on
ample security; I will give steady employ-
ment; good wages and chance to advance in
business. Address Mfg.. box 2470, Call office.
AN opportunity; oor.trofllng interest in a large
grocery house. $10,000; ill health; fine chance
for active man. Address Grocer, box 2474.
Call office.
$300— CIGARS. Etationery, notions and good
business place: location perfect. Waiting-
room, Twenty-third-aye. station, E. Oakland.
STEAM laundry or Interest in one wanted;
country preferred. Box 2471, Call office.
RESTAURANT: good-place man and wife: ex-
penses low; low rent. ¦ Box 2413, Call office.
PARTNER wanted- with $35C; experience not 1
necessary; office business. Decker. 321 Market.
12C0— VTA NTED. a partner in saloon r Minna
• ft. 6ox 2444. Call office. ". » . " ..:
FOR SALE— Corner . grocery and bar: price
$550. IC3O Montgomery st..' tor. Vallejo.
CANDY store ar<J Ice cream parlor: very
chtai>:.C !ar«:s tivizs rooms." 1521 DevisacSero.
FOH Bale— Stork and fixtures of seoond-hand
buok store on account' of ileath. 22 7th st. ;
— $250; PARTNER wanted in ' commission
• business; will clear $75 month to each; no
experience required. See STRAND & CO,
2C9 Kearny Et. -
A — WE buy sell or exchange business of any
I kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st. , '/
A— $1000; PARTNER in first-class saloon; re-
ceipts $600 month.- STRAND, 209, Kearny st.
A— s4so; CIGAR store, Kearny £t.; clears $100
month; full value. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RESTAURANT; rent $40; owner has
cleared J2QOO year right along: No. 1 location; ,
cheap at COOP. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
FOR SALE— A pood planing mil! in a lumber
* yard ; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 45?. Healdsburg. Cal.
A BRANCH clflce tor Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlona has been established at 10W
1 Valencia tit. ¦ j
• CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions |
recei-en «t r«u branch office. 2200 Fillmore flt. j
LODGISG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST: .
Any of the following on monthly payments:
! 22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain.. slsoo j
i 8 rooms; well furnished 400 j
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $S5 375 j
53 rooms; grand transient location '.. 2200 i
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200 |
16 rooms; corner; part cash v 1000 i
2$ rooms; clears $60: payments 400 j
9 rooms: grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500 j
20 rooms: good location; money maker... 750 !
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. *06 Market st.
40 ROOMS: sunny and every room rented: good
location; clears $200; $2550. RETSLOFF.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st. Tel. Davis 281.
10. beautiful rooms; Geary st $1500
10 rooms; Ellis st 10 >0
14 rooms; well furnished; cheap rent 1400
20 rooms; Van Ness; some boarders 2500
15 rooms; Van Ness J2OO
20 rooms; good location 2200
40 rooms; cheap rent; good 4300
7 rooms; well furnished; sunny 600 |
60 rooms; new house; rent $150 2500 |
50 rooms; rent $90; corner 1500 |
" OR ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY FOR CASH
I OR ON EASY PAYMENTS.
WE FURNISH NEW VACANT HOUSES.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S5O Market.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.; some bar-
gains for to-day.
4 r. ; good transient house: cheap $2100
56 r. ; on Ellis St.: good paying 35Q0 j
38 r. : on Market Ft.: business location.. 2000 j
100 r. : on Howard St.; money maker .. I6W :
5 rooms and bath: good, nice flat 275 i
6 rms." and bath: 'fine location, fittings.. 600 |
These are all good locations and bargains; 50 ;
more houses on list. We loan money . on i
! lodging-houses. If you have business for ;
! sale, we can. sell quick for cash. Call at 765 j
1 Market St.. rooms 1 and 2. j
: ¦
! A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. < '.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
54 r. ; good cor.; fur., carp.; low rent.. s27oo
5" r. ; cor. apart.: total expense per mo. $175
51 r. ; rent low; good house every way.. 2100 |
24 r.; rent $63; Al loc; reduced to 1000 ]
23 r-: offices; rent $110; els. $200; Investigate
IS r. ; new house, fur. 2 mos.; reduced.. 1450. I
14 i.; rent $40; trans, loc.'; clears $100... 1300 j
7 r. ; rent $45: modern flat: leaving city.. 375 i
A CLEAR TITLE OR N/3 SALE
FOR sale — At Sacramento. Cal., a second-clas3 | .
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room, j
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to i '
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue' the business; .
rent reasonable. For further particulars In- ¦
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J St.. I
Sacramento, Cal.
M. E. RIVES SIC Market: phone Main 128. :
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house... $S5O
15 rooms; sunny bay windows; good buy. 1300 :
25 rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 1400 I •
45 rooms: low rent; part cash; bargain.. 4000 '
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market St.— A snap: 30-
room house; good location and in good order '
for only S5OO. If you want good cheap busi-
ners call quick. I
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD. I
Phone Mint 191 L 017 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes !
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our I
list Bret. MITCHELL & CO.. 12C6 Market st. i
BUYERS — Before buying a house see other \
agents, then pet m->- list and lowest prices, j
FRANK E. DEXXEX, rm. 28. 14 McAllister. i
; LODGING-HOUSE for sale that must be sold; j
come and get price.' 7 Grant aye. : j
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium |
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun., j
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st. j
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ- j
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance !
Tue., Fri.. Sun.. Bp. m., 50c. 1084 Bush St. i
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium: i
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1; ;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Fsrrell st.; Ellis car. j
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory I '
readings, sC'e. $1; circle every night, 10c. j
ME. DU PREE. card reader; hours 9-10. 118% ;
Ellin St.. room 4. j
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr. '
Guerrero; readings by mall: sittings dally. j
EDWARD EARLE, 32$ Ellis, phone Polk 1601; j
' sittings 9:20 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. I
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c. \
BROCKWAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday, Thurs- ]
day, 25c, 8:15 p. m. ; readings daily. 299 Hyde, j
Mrs. Yaleen, auto, writing mcd.. clair., palm.; j.
succeeds when others fail; 50c. 1583 Market. j
CLAIR VO VAKTS.
i MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
j Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently i
' located at 17 Third sU, next Examiner bldg. She j
r reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- .
i Ecription of the past, reveals the present hap- |
i penings and portrays events to occur In the fu- :
; ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- j
| happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. |
I love or business troubles, consult this great i
I medium and you will be told how to overcome f
; them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; :
I 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. '
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM. I
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a !
change in business? Are ycu ill, , depressed or {
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl- i
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters :
containing stamp answered. BROOKS, 1206 j
Market, rooms 34 and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DX. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
IE: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall;- send stamp for pamphlet I
with special terms. . Daily and Sunday. •
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
. HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently
located at 125 Turk st. : readings by mall.
MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives |
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read- j
ings, 50e. $1; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ME. PORTEH. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladlrs 50c, !
gents $1; palm, and clair. .Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and '
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays Irom 10 to 12 a. m.
; ZAN zan......... -TTTTTTT .'.:.'. :...
$1 00. $1 00— General Reading— sl 00. $1 00.
! Hours, 10 to 8; Sundays. 2 to 5.
I 226 Taylor st., between Eddy and Ellis.
i CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana;
I only 10c; from Ito 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant; card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
I KfxCS. MELVILL.w ell-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 c th; German spoken: tel. Jessie. 1563
, MRS. B. Baumar.n, well-known fortune teller,
I has rtmeved from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy..
AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry; |
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store. !
.
1 MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names plven: ?. r >e :ip. 5 'Fourth St.
CARPET , BEATIXG A.\D CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carnet-beat-
! ing Works, 253-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying:
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 523 Mission..
AMERICAN. Carpet-beating Cleaning. •
¦ 3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th »t. ;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
¦RUDOLPH & CO.: carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable.- 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission' 263 ..
COXKLIX'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
33 Golden Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel South .250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatir.F Co.. MO nth st_ : tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICE*. :
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency Tctn
floor; »M Market st.: advice free. Tel Bush .
194; able body of attorneys. -
GEORGE W. Asrency- No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
CHIROPODISTS. ¦'- j_
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
1 painless 25c up).Dr.Brown, graduated chiropo-
dist, indorsed by medical prof'n. 30 i .Stockton.
' ' ' ' DENTISTS.," .'
A^3R~~T"s?'HIGGrNS, "27 Market St.. Emma
SpreckeJs bldg.-Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $0 up;
plates, a lull set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions- or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
"experience- no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. '
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th rm. 7. Flood bldg.," extractions done pain-
I lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50
up- office hours;. 9a. m. to Up. m. ; Sundays,
9 to '2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P.. S.. manager.
A NEW -"plate— The. Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and
' warranted. Chicago Pental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
i LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. 369 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
i PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $1; crowns. $3: fillings. 2oc.
i YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st. .
| AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments ; lowest rates. ;;•.-' \
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. *¦ G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. _.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin—
less extraction,soc;plates $5 up -.phone Polkll3».
DR. H G TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1013 Market st. ¦\ '
i FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
~~~ EDUCATIONAL.
j HEALD' S SCHOOITof~eTeCTRIC AL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe-
; tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
! practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
] catalogue free. ' -
' AYRES' Leading Business College,- 723 Market—
! $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
I complete business education; shorthand, typ-
| ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
[ new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
i HEALD' S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
E. F.— Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
! A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory-
school for the university, law and medical col-
! leges; references. President Jordan or .any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. - ; ;
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad- |
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing. Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. - 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
" ing, practical bookkeeping. • Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.. mlning.mech.sur- '
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per- ;
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
j A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. - 1236 Market St.
ACTKs'G. elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
s itions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine St.; board;
• Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
! VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st
VITTORIO DINO. Italian teacher, gives les-
sons at pupil's home; price OCc. Box 1858, Call.
i WANTED— A lady teacher of refined English.
| State terms to box 2452. Call office. . .
j BOUVIERE School of Acting. 26 O'Farrell st.,
! ¦room 30; positions guaranteed. . ;.. v ," .
I PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
I Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
! Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good \
I teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
i SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st.
j FIGURES— Nothing like It for rapidity: joT
| TARR, 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
| MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
j lessons, 50c; piano lor practice. 39 Fifth st.
! LEO Cooper's School .of Acting, ' 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
1 ENGLISH Latin, Mathematics Literature a
specially. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
! Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
j ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
| HEALD' S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 83-page ¦ catalogue free. ' \
| ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
| etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita. "S3 Haight: teL Fell 5C46;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th.; tel. Fclspm 2711.
j JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
•cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
! AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
! CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.: teL East 426.
' JAPANESE Intelligence Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516. •w '
i ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese.' Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A RELIABLE woman wishes to do ' light
housework for American family; wages no
object; city or country; references. Box
2442, 'Ca1l office.. . ,: .
RELIABLE aged Protestant woman wishes a
position to .do plain washing and cooking;
wages $10; no postal cards answered. Call
I 1500% Polk Et. . 
I EXPERIENCED woman would like work .in
I restaurant, bearding or lunch house to wait
or assist in kitchen. Call or address 9 Te-
hama St., near First. -• -  • . ;
! YEAR-OLD girl wishes position to j take
care of child or very light housework. 3907
Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez.
j A MIDDLE-AGED woman, a thorough house-
| keeper and good cook; small, family. Apply
| 359 Minna St. , ..' . .
I REFINED young T lady Frenjph teacher wishes
to exchange lessons or light services for room
or board; refs.; experience. Box 2492, Call.:'
LADY wishes work ¦ forenoons in • a rooming
. house. I 625 Minna st. ; downstairs.
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash
dishes In hotel in city; reference. 917 Market.
A YOUNG Swedish- girl wishes a situation as
second girl. Call 143 Noe st. :. ¦;- ,
A GERMAN girl wishes situation 1 for general
housework in a small family; is an excellent
cook; best of reference. Call or address Hum-
boldt House, 1309 Stockton st.
A GERMAN lady (married), good cook, wishes
a position in a cafe or restaurant; not short
order. Please call bet. 10 a. m. and 3 p. m
j 517 Jores St. MRS. M. HOFFMAN. / •:
I COMPETENT dressmaker 'wishes work in fam-
ily; reasonable. A. 8., Call branch
639 McAllister st. , . :
LADY traveling with husband through West-
ern States would like some good line. , ' Ad-
dress 8., 615 Larkin st. . ¦ -. ..'-,
NURSE (middle age) will take, full charge of
Infant or old person. ' Box 2456. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar- :
ket— rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night ;.sl 50 to
$6 week;- convenient a nd . respectable; free 1 ,
. bus and baggage to. and l from ferry. ':'
CLASSIFIED advertisements ana subscriptions
received at Call . branch office. 3 : 2200 Fillmore. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has-been established' at 1096:
Valencia st. -.:" : - : . ' ¦' ¦' '-¦ _ ¦¦¦':¦ vpt
EMl'l,OVMK.\'l' W 4.NTED— *UALE.
COACHMAN, - thoroughly understands his busi- *
ness in all its branches ."horses and carriages
and driving; best of references; ¦ A -young,
man desires position in gentleman's : family. '¦
Box 2452," Call office. ".,--..,- : /". -.
COACHMAN and ; . gardener or porter in . a
. place where a trustworthy- man is' wanted; '
¦ references iand" bonds if required.' Please. ad-
dress box 2172,'- > Call- office. » ,-¦
WANTED— Work. >by young V. man.- until" the
holidays; ¦ honest,*: sober, ¦ neat appearance: ¦ not I
afraid; of work;, city .reference. Address '
I HILF, -box 24C8, Call Office. ¦ ' . - .;.
j v EMPLOYMENT "WANTED —^^iHI—
| OPENING / desired' by hustling, - -successful
i Eastern specialty salesman; any line; i! 11 J 1
to start in at bottom and learn; Pacific
Coast - trade ' acquaintance: • references, jsox
2457,;Ca1l office. : : .- . •¦.'¦¦..-•'-¦¦'¦' ' .--¦'. ¦
RELIABLE man ' wishes position to ? . drive
milk or baker wagon. Address box 2440, Call.
. SWEDISH cook wants situation in small am-
i ily. 350 Fremont st. ¦"'.'¦¦ •.- ¦ '-.' ¦ :: ~ ' :'.' vl- , ' -"' -¦ '¦-'
YOUNG man of excellent business experience
' wishes position in which there is a future,
with party 'or. firm where push, energy ana
executive : ability ' will 'be appreciated : ana
where, a position of trust may- be had atter
". a demonstration of ability; an interview will
¦ convince -you of my progressiveness. vox
2462. Call office. ;•; • ¦ . " ' ~ "¦¦'.- ¦ ¦ '¦'"¦'' '¦¦ °
RELIABLE man wishes a position; thoroughly j
>: understands the care of trotting horses, care
of garden arid milk cow; is generally useful.
good references. T. S.. 21% Harrison aye., oft
Folsom st. ;. . ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS gardener, with many years' ex-
perience in all. branches, best of references,
wishes position; private place; city or : coun-
try. Box. 2464, Call office. J ¦ ' " '
RELIABLE man wishes •' to take charge and
do the work of a ranch with his own help
at reasonable wages; good reference. T. D..
,21% Harrison aye.. off Folsom st. . .
SITUATION wanted— Young man. energetic,
diligent, sober, has college education, city ex-
perience, desires office position. Address box
2354, Call office.
A : STRICTLY temperate, educated man," with
) splendid references, desires position as nurse
' for feeble-minded or crippled youth or adult.
Address box 1024, Call.v -- •
PAPKRHANGER and painter having complete
outfit tools wants work. 1302 Webster St.;
tel. Jackson 1321. . ' . ¦ __
SITUATION wanted by young colored man in
kitchen as dishwasher, anything. Address
THORNTON WALL, 247 Stevenson st
YOUNG man, \ well educated, desires position
as day or night watchman, collector or 6ome_
place of responsibility. - Address box 2454, CalL
WANTED— A position as janitor; can furnish
first-class reference. Address 2727 Franklin st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school
boy in a nice family in the city. U.
YAMANE, 807 Polk St.; telephone 1441.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
In private family: understands any style cook-
ing. -Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE boy, IS years old, wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy in the city. N. HIGASHI-
DA, 521 Jessie st. ' ¦'¦¦¦¦ "¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦-
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES .promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial ' propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 226 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1;
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic:
fine location, view and grounds; NW. cor.
Waller & Portola st?.. bet. Pierce & Stein^r.
HARRIET 339, bet. : Sixth and Seventh. Bran-
nan and Bryant— 4-room flat; $10; no children.
MODERN lower fiat of 5 rooms and bath;. rent
$16. 1939% McAllister st.
TO let— Elegant large lower flat. 2863 Wash-
ington st., between Scott and Devisadero.
GEARY, 1131, bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin
St.— Modern 7 rooms, bath; rent $32 50.
MCALLISTER, 1001, near Park— Sunny lower
- flat; 3 rooms in rear; rent $9.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath; in good
order; rent $22 60. 1911 McAllister st.
! O'FARRELL, 1800— Sunny corner flat, 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; water free; same as new.
$B— REAR ¦ upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia. — -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages,- sent to any address In the
United -States or Canada one year for $1.
.- FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— FIat about -5 rooms; no children;
desirable location; Mission preferred; state
price. Box 2450, Call office. . '
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
| Clyde L. Keller, 128-130 Hayes, nr. Van Ness—
Xmas novelties; oval and odd-shaped frames.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No, 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
, . FURNITURE W ANTED. "
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 034 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
-pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted :• kept In repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & C 0..... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel, $25 ', .waitress,
north, $22 50, fare paid; 2 waitresses, same
hotel, near city, $20; waitress, south. $20, fare
paid; waitress, , Stockton, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20; chambermaid, commercial hotel, $20;
2 chambermaids, $15 '¦¦¦¦
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..T.
Cook, $25, small- family; second girl, $20;
working housekeeper, 4 in family, $25; sec-
ond girl, $25, choice place; many others......
MRS. M. E. DAY & C 0........335 Geary st.
X— WOMAN for day work, no Sunday work,
$25 a month; sleep home. MRS. M. E. DAY
¦ & CO., 325 Geary st. - - - ¦
WANTED— Two cooks for private boarding-
houses, ¦ $30; laundress for institution, $30; 2
chambermaids and ¦ waiting, . country, $20 -to
$25; chambermaid, city, $15; head waitress,
$25; 4 waitresses, family hotels, $20; nurse
girl, sleep home, $15;. general ; housework,
I Napa, see party here, 10 o'clock, $25; 4 sec-
| ond girls, city, $20 and $25:- housework of
all descriptions in city, Oakland, Alameda
and all nearby towns, call early. $25 and $30.
J. F. CROSETT & CO 334 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Chambermaid, help wait, country $20
! FOUR experienced second girls; wages $20 and
| - $25. CATTELL'S, 525 Eighth St.. Oakland. :
i A— Hairdressing thoroughly taught in 3 weeks;
entire course, $5; manicuring, shampooing,
scalp treatment, : singeing, bleaching, dyeing;
electrical face massage system, Includes cup-
ping, rolling, steaming, etc.; everything fur-
1 nished; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good
positions now open: to those entering Immedi-
! ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with
private customers. S. ¦< F. ¦ HAIRDRESSING
COLLEGE, . 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
j WANTED— Young girl, who has had experi-
; ence In packing desk; call between a and 6 p.
| m. 918 Market St. ; y. ¦ • .
! WANTED— GirIs who understand book folding
I and sewing. Apply s THE HICKS-JUDD'
COMPANY, 23 ' First st.
j GOOD operator wanted on coats; good pay and
steady -work; also an apprentice paid while
, learning. Apply 301 Franklin. St. :' '. :- : ;
' WANTED— Good girl to do light housework
and help take care of children. Call at 3053
I 'Twenty-fifth st., near. Church. .. ¦ . .. : ;
1 GERMAN girl for cooking, plain Ironing and
; light housework; wages $25 to $30. 1817 Call-,
' fornia^gt. , ... ..
| . 3 — _^__
1 A GIRL for upstairs work; references required.
: Apply between 10 and 12 a. m., at 2527 De-
!': visadero st. . ~ •; "¦ " r •.""¦-.», J.i
; ELDERLY lady wanted; small wages; good
: home. 1347 Florida st., after 2 ; o'clock. ¦
: WANTED— Experienced crockery V ; salesladies.
; Box 2440. Call office. '.; , v -. ' -'-. --' .- \: ¦¦¦..%
j YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 3190 Six-
j ¦ teenth • st.',' near Guerrero. . ¦ ' : '"¦ . • ,'-'•';
9 MIDDLE-AGED -woman, housework for wid-
ower and 3 children, wages $15. 807 Filbert.
• GIRL wanted for general . housework. 709 Bro-
: derlck st., nr. McAllister; apply bet. 9 and 12.
50 MORE silk waist hands; highest wages paid.
JUDA BUGS., 109 Battery st. ;-; '.•-. : '•
[ EXPERIENCED girl to wait on table and
¦ chamber work.  Apply 1 1145 Bush i st. .;.',' -'..•¦
WANTED— Christian woman for' housekeeper
; , in private ; family. ; Box 24C9, Call office. -
1 ¦ ¦ ..- .¦¦¦•.. ; • , . - • -.-.-.-.-. ; ¦¦¦¦-.->
WANTED— SIeeve trimmer. 516 • Sutter , st.
• WANTED— Skirt , trimmer. 516 Sutter st. .
I SECOND girl at 30 Liberty st:, ;' between Twen-
i tieth ' and .: Twenty-first, ' ¦ near Valencia. "i, tirf
' ANTED— GirI for general housework; 2in
.family.,- Call at 8 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
Californf:C~Hairdressi!ig r 'c'oliegeP-Just opened ;
most reliable and thoroughly equipped college
in the West; lady & gentlemen instructors;
Eastern graduates; hairdressing and all Us
branches: expert massage taught; everything
fur.; 3 wt-eks' course io. Elevator, 305 Larkin.
25 LADIES for dance hall in Southern Califor-
nia. For particulars call at 908 Market St.,
room 17, second floor; hours, 2 to 4:30 p. m.
WANTED— First-class waitress at 304 Mason
st. ; wage 3 $8 a week. _^
WANTED— A typewriter and stenographers
lady preferred. Apply at 427 Bush st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply bet.
8 and 11 a. m. at HALE EROS/
EXPERIENCED silk and shirt waist hands;
good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
YOUNG girl for housework; 2in family;
wages $12. 620 Lombard st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634-636 Clay Street
RAILROAD MEN
RAILROAD MEN
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Company's Own Work
Cal. N. W. R. R Ukiah
50 LABORERS
10 trackmen $60, free fare
10 section hands ?1 75, free fare
10 larjprers, ballast gang $2 day
25 men, no experience required, for .laboring
work FREE FARE
SHIP TO-DAY
75 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah Free
15 teamsters, new work, long job, $60; team-
ster, city, $2 day; 5 muckers, mine, $75; 15
laborers, mine. $55 and found ; 2 men to burn
charcoal; farmers, milkers, choremen and
chore boys; 4 carpenters, Sawmill Co., $50 and
found, see boss here, to go to-day.
Furnace man for mine, see boss here 11 a. m.
to-day, $75.
SPECIAL
40 woodchopDers and tiemak'ers to open up a
new camp that will last three years; virigin
timber, level land; company work; prices,
redwood 75c, pine $1 and $1 25, hard wood $1 50
cord; ties, 6xBxB, 10c each; special reduced
rates to jobs.
HOTEL AND BAKERY DEPT
Cake baker, south, country shop, 517 50 week;
cake baker, city, $13 week; 15 cooks; 10 wait-
ers; 12 kitchen hands; second cook, city, $35;
butcher, wagon work; head waiter, hotel,
country-. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
METALLURGIST and assayer to take charge
of smelter, $300; 3 farmers and wives, $35 and
$40; 2 boys for wholesale house, $4 to $5 week;
2 millwrights, $3 50 day; 3 carpenters, $5U and
board; cabinetmaker, $3 day; 2 machinists, 30c I
an hour and increase; teamsters. $30 and f35
and found; milk wagon driver, $30 and found;
laborers for mill yard; woodchoppers, cook^,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2B Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S otfice, 316 Stockton St.— Gardener i
and help janitor, institution, $25 and found;
shampooer (masseur) for sulphur springs, $30;
cook and wife, plain hotel, $60; boarding j
house, $40; dishwasher, boarding house, $20; |
potwasher. first-class hotel, $30, etc.
A — MAN and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try hotel, near city. $40. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Second cook, country, $45.
WANTED— Five hundred (500) men as team-
sters (2 and 4 horse), and pick and shovel
work on road and ditch; wages $40 to $45
per month and found; no hospital fees; no
discount; pay every 10th of month In
cash; no expenses from Tucson to work; all
persons who work six months will have their
railroad fares refunded from San Francisco
to Tucson; new work; no Chinese or Mexi-
cans wanted. Report to P. S. ROACH, Tuc-
son, Ariz.
WANTED— Man In each county to represent old
established house; solid financial standing;
straight, bona fide weekly cash salary of $18
by check each Wednesday with all. expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses Manager, 387 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED— Reliable man with $100 who can
write a plain hand for light indoor work;
will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 765 Market st., room 3.
WANTED — Boys to learn bookbinding trade;
references required. Apply THE HICKS- |
JUDD COMPANY, 23 First st. j
TO BOOKBINDERS— Wanted, competent men
who can rule, forward or finish. Apply THE
HICKS-JUDD COMPANY. 23 First St.
BRIGHT boy for office work and errands.
Webster Typewriter Inspection Co., 209 San-
some bt.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday
at union wages, with prospect of a steady sit-
uation. 107% Fifth st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday eve. and
Sunday; wage* $3 50. 2007 Mission St., corner
Sixteenth.
FIRST-CLASS salesman to take complete j
charge of the inside affairs of a merchant j
tailoring establishment. Box 2436, Call.
NEAT boy. 15 or 16. HORWINSKI BROS., 424 !
Sansome st.
COATMAKER lot country. Apply REISS !
BROS. & CO.
WANTED— In wholesale house, boy to run elec-
tric-elevator; references. Box 2441, Call.
WANTED— A strong bey. Apply 115 California
street.
TWO barbers wanted. 644 Clay st.
YOUNG man for assistant compositor on Job
work. 16 Fremont st.
BOY wanted, 16 years old: references required. !
Golden Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st. |
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes' situation in West-
ern Addition. Address box 2439. Gall office.
BOY wanted for jewelry store. Box 2404, Call
office.
WANTED — A colored boy, age 15 to 18 years.
Call between 5 and 6 p. m., 918 Market st.
GOOD cook wanted. 528 Fourth st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. Apply after f
a. m. 206 McAllister st
WANTED— Barber; steady Job to right man.
2.'2 Ellis st.
BARBER Saturday noon till Sunday noon. 502
Turk st.
WANTED— Errand boys, large, not under 15.
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 124 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy ; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
__
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush \
and shovel men to work on ditch line being |
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co., I
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work. good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 14, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
MEX to {earn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 625 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still '¦
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large j
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. ru., at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED— For country, cutter who Is also a j
coatmaker. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24
Sutter st.
WANTED— A carriage blacksmith; first class
and steady. Apply 265 Stevenson St., or Bay I
View Carriage Co., San Rafael.
DRIVER for milk wagon: take care horsas.
428 Connecticut st. ; Elghth-st. cars.
WAITED — Barber shop with living rooms:
will rent or buy on payments. Box 2449, CalL
BILLIARD makers who also understand var-
nishing 1 . Address B. C, box 2463, Call office.
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop for sale. 32^
Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop. 2 chairs and
bath, for sale. WILL &. FINCK.
WANTED— First-class machinists and iron
molders. 505 Mission st.
McDONALD & PERRY have SCO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Thlw^st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade? catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION -any., E. A. Bullis, 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Thind St.. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
suhscrlptlons has i been established at 1096
Valencia st.
I HORSES AND WAGONS. , .' /. .
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
• Wednesday. . Dec. 4, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer. .-'
TWO carloads fine team horses just '.n; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; |P0 to $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON, 1732 Market.
FOR sale— A fine black stallion, one gray car-
riage s horse, span young brood mares and 2
colts. Fcr particulars address ' JOHN
SHIELDS. Marshall, Marin Co., Cal.
BAKER wagon and harness, both in first-class
condition. Apply 11 a. m. to 2 p. in. at 3.3
Telegraph aye., Oakland. ¦--.-¦¦ -¦¦---¦¦
FOR sale cheap— for slow work; weight
1700 lbs. . Apply Pieree-Rudoiph -warehouse,
Eddy and Fillmore sts. . ' ¦¦
ONE second-hand undertaker's" wagon, one I-
horse truck one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FOP. sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Ctable,
1375 Eddy st.. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses. ;• _^_
Gentle business mare, : ride or drive, $30; busi-
ness buggy. $35; wagon, $30. 21 City Hall aye.
BARGAIN: horse, buggy, harness, complete:
just thing light delivery. Moi3e. 320 Sansome.
SORREL horse, weight 1200, 7 years old; can
be seen at 1524% Park St., Alameda.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard at. ¦
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. PALZIEE.. 605 G. G. avey
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
j AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah St., off Halght. near the park.
HOUSES WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED— well furnished house or flat of 6
! or"? rooms in the Western Addition; must ba
first-c!css. Box 2403, Call office.
j ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
j CORNER Stockton and California sts., tele-
scope basket containing black jacket. Finder |
I please leave same at 413 Stockton st. ; reward
j paid.
LOST— From 3740 Twenty-fifth st., on the 2Sth
lnst.. a pug dog; lame in hind leg; suitable
reward upon return.
! $20 REWARD— Lost brown curly Irish water
i spaniel. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearny St.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Saving 3
arid Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AMALIA LEHMAN, No. 209-68$;
the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Large black setter dog. Return to No.
i 1 Grant aiie. ; reward.
I . TL . .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old
j gold and silver to make new watch cases.
; g
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
t tel. Bush 421. -
MEDICAL. _^
DR. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstina^ cases, have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin ; has had 25 years' expe-
rience In midwifery cases; has opened strictly |
private sanitarium at her own residence, 606 I
Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladies before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of matherly care;
$15; room & board. $4: infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints: in-
stant relief guaranteed: 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O' Fan-ell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st., near
Taylor. -formerly .of 1312 Golden Gate aye.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided." office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
KINDOOHERB and MRS. PA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homo
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
| MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— ladies'
special 1 -' a private home before and during
- confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists, I
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in I
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market. j
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 S&ckton St., opposite J
j Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. '
MINING.
WANTED— Parties to invest $5000 and become
directors with the Astor Copper Mining Com-
pany. This small sum required to get re-
turns frem sales of rich ore already on the
dumps. For further particulars address DR.
A. L. ASTOR, Astor place. East Oakland. Cal. j
MINES AND MINING.
FOR sale— Half interest In placer mining claim
In the Bluestone Mining District. Alaska.
Box 1328. Call office. . - > -
MINING AND ASSAYING.
CAPITAL wanted for development work on a j
well-defined body of free milling ore; Interest |
given. Address box 2362, Call office, Oak- I
. land. . - !
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
i BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of '
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on j
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything |
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; writ? for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap- '
; ers. etc. ; also good working tools, such as j
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortlsers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st. *
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
; and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sets.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st.
LOT pipe bought, of U. S. navy yard, cheap; j
all sizes from % Inch to 10 inch; as rood as i
new; also a fine lot brass and Iron fittings, i
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A"— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-.
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. j
SCHOONER "VOLANTE," built in ISDI, first- :
class, condition, ready for sea; will carry I
over 200 tons. H. A. ARNOLD. 220 Mission. |
A TURQUOISE ring surrounded by diamonds,
worth $50, only $28. Portland Loan Office,* 23
Stockton st. :
— — — — —^ — _^_ i
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
l ar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., ne«ir Pice.
FINE suits. ' $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT ¦
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CANARY ' birds, ' rollers and ordinary birds
cheap at LOHMANN'S. 3163 Sixteenth st. .
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
WILL sell for $100 cash, finest quality sealskin;
. cost $225; bust 36. Box 1689. Call office.
A SEALSK.IN jacket, almost new, $75. Port-
land Loan Of flee, 25 Stockton st. '-:-'"•
A PURE white % karat diamond ring $40-
¦ goods - sent C. O. D. ¦ 25 Stockton : st.
SdLID 11-karat gold split second and minute '
register horse timer. $82 50. 25 Stockton st. j
8 AND 23 H. P. gasoline and distillate engines- i
latest model. Box 2349, Call office.
EXCHANGE your old carpets for new D
GREEN WALT. 708 Valencia: tel. Church 1188.'
IST-CLASS 2d-hand ; modern engines and boil-
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW. Singer sewinsr machine; 5 drawers- oak •
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.* I
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Keamy st.. rm. 23. :
BOATS, launches, rowhoats carried in stock. !
. BAKER & HAMILTON. , '
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
t ion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and s!z=s
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movine Die-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines.' all sizes, new and 2d-hand i
: and launches.- .'¦ E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. :
SAFES— New and . second hand. '- THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 ' Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
¦ J. BURKE. 133 , Beale st.
j , MISCELLANEOUS WAJTM. \^
RESPONSIBLE party want 3 us of piano for
its storage; good care guaranteed. Box 2173.
Call office.
LADIES* '& gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
4 sold. SUverman, SS4 Fol3om; tel. iTolsom 1101.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
. Edo suits. Portland Loan Office.* 23 Stockton.
— Secondhand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing in 1
theatrical goods. 1."4 9th st.: tel. Folsom 2,"22.
WILL pay cash and goort | prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call office.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
HKRMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildin?.
....'... 54,5CC,0C0 at lowest rates
Loans made
On first and second mortgages
............Life interests in estates ,
Undivided interests in real estate
Property being held in trust
/ Life policies. Estates in probate
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit; city. Oak-
land, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance and securities; loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies; win purchase above
securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT. X. .
First, second and third mortgages jr.
Undivided interest in real estate in probaf#. .
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business «!sewhera
R. McCOLGA.N
24 Montgom at., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
* cantile interests, corporation loans. Room IS,
Ist floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel
nitgs. etc; enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearny st., room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant aye.. nr. Mrkt; teL Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
- •
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, on. furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any Amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse. ;any amount low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
- annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones. A
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; - money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; so broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
8%% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY, 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. SO2 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLE Company; loans and dis-
j counts. 321 Parrott building;.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CHANCE to save money— We are closing out
a line of pianos to make room for new stock.
They are all new «nd in perfect condition.
2 Smith & Barnes..® $200; regular price. $339.
4 Smith & Barnes.. lit $225; regular price. 3400.
1 Smith & Barnes..® $240; regular price. $425.
1 Smith & Barnes.. *i) ;2r,0: regular price. $450. .
1 Straube @ $275; regular price. V.OO. '
1 Packard @ $300: regular price. $55&_«|
Fine stool and cover and guarantee wit!i
each Instrument.
- THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO..
' 769 Market st. .
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest w».«e
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers. "corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco, -or-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oaklanu.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: easy payments: big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up: Steinways. $185;
Chickerlngs. $133; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from Joi up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURT St
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; .elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square. {45: organs $23
up BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS A
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co.. '
933 Market st. x_
Steck. Everett, Hardman, Ludwig and other l
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player.
A LOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold for
storage this week; dirt cheap. .WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market st.
Almost new; $500; standard upright piano: sac-
rificed quick buyer acc'nt death. 773 O'Farrell.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 38,
217 Geary st.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R, 36. 217 Geary.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Splelman pianos. 2C3 Post st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. _*
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st., near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CT-RTAZ Piano Co.. ofiO Harps.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
$25— LARGE store, 1056 Howard; large yard;
best business block. Apply store.
• OIL. ~
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: all
nizes: cheap. H. 3. WHITE. SIS Mission st.
* PAINTERS AJVI> DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31-.» 3d; tel. Red 3521. * w
PALMISTRY. \ ™
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor at., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD. president St. C^rmaln College.
reads from 1 to 4. 790 Post: phone Hrd? 2333.
y*iguviB» asp PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free, general practitioner.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ARTISTIC hairdressinsr. 25c. manicuring 2ic.
gents' manicuring 50c. b" experts; best ,-i.:
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
! Kant in city, 2oc; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massase; Patti Beauty Cream
¦ 60c; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 321 Pest St.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
¦ $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge: other suits on lnsta!!-
- ments. $1 weekly. L. LEJIOS, 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity. t>3»
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 3593
Eighteenth st.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 13G1.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," 'consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to so Into cour:.
Room 611. Examiner bids. : phone Black 3BOV
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will curs any casi^
rheumatism, sciatic^, neuralgia or gout; pn<f*
12 50 per bottle. i For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St.. S. F. ; tel. Church IJ7L
ELECTRIC light .In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market 700 room*:
25c to $150 per night: $150 to 31 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.>' SOXA.I.S Continued.
rOsirriVE cure for drunkenness opium and
mo/phine habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonial* ; direction to give secretly; price ,
$5. Address U25 Geary Et., San Francisco.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using: Standard Pattern*; Nov. patterns
and The Desier.er now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Dcaiesttc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis: Mme.Zephey
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1522.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary St.. NAT
RAPHAEL; novel ties of cry description.
NOBLEMAN, ¦well educated, SS years old,
wants to marry refined young lady or widow.
Letters. Noble, box 2438, Call office.
ARTISTIC hairdresEins. any style. 25c: sham-
Pooir. Me; manicuring. 25c; 'wigs; all kinds
cf hair goods. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or doubW. $2 Z5. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. UIO-1312 Stockton Ft., near Broadway.
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts. et«.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION I
TO-NIGHT AT 7:80... |
1849 Market gt.. opp. McAllister ft.
VISIT to Chinatown should not fail to see
the many interesting curios at LOOK '
£Ht'E'£ IS Waverly place.
FOR adoption; a fine male Infant; fair; of good '
parents. Apply MRS. DR. GOODWIN 906 !
354-Vet st. - '
¦¦KKrLVOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF you- hair is falling or you are bald, call on !
Dr. G.S.Moore., 332 O'Farrell: send for circular. ;
A— VI DA Company permanently cures stomach :
trouble. 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th. i
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed I
by electric needle. 96$ Sutter; tel. Larkin Sl7l. |
iIASQIERADE costumes, play books, wigs; j
country orders GOLDSTEIN & C 0..733 Markt. |
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th« |
best corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam :
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2356.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray '
hair to Its natural coloT; $1; at all druggists, j
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week,
yE'HAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE Beits. $7 50; dress 'pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought, J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
I>R. C. C. O'boNNELL^Of flee and residence,
10213* Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh,
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea I
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG "WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.; see testimonial* at office.
PL.AMXG AltD TIHXIXG MILLS.
WCOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
all Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st. I
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
FOR &ALE BY THOS. MAGEE & SONS,"
Real Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery st.
6,500— Tw0 brand new flats on Webster St., half
block to car line; I rooms and bath, and
6 rooms and bath; all latest con-
veniences.
|S,ooo— Fine new home on west side of street in
Presidio Heights: lot 35x100; 10 rooms. 2
baths; electric lights; reception hall; 4
•washstands ; good view; sideboard and
china closet built In the house; a fine
buy.
$5,000 — St., near business center: two-
story house, 11 rooms and bath; lot 25:2 x
E2:6; street work and sidewalk all done. i
$5,000— Large house with lot 46x90 on Fillmore \
st. ; in good locality street work done ;
electric cars passing; this Is cheap.
v $4,500— Clay Bt., near Alta plaza; good two-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x102.
$1,500 — Two-story house, S rooms and bath, on
O'Farrell St.; lot 25x90. .
$7,000— Page St.; electric cars passing; lot 30x
137:6; fine house of 10 rooms and bath
and finished basement; house alone cost
$6000 to build a few years ago; a key lot;
street work all done.
— Very artistic home on Green st. of 8
rooms and bath; all in good order; street
work ail done; sidewalk laid; lot 25x137:6.
— Large two-story and "basement residence
on Union st., with two-story residence of
7 rooms and bath; stable in real ; lot 30
•' x 137:6.
1500— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath on Filbert
t St.. near Octavia: lot 25x100.
BfeWO— Neat cottage on Third aye.. In the Rlch-
/* mond district; 6 rooms and bath; lot
* 25x100. - -
{4430— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots In heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
595-396 Parrott building.
5:7.500— 5250 MONTHLY income; Al 3-story
Sixth st. business block; lot 75x90. N. D.
SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large . basement
and yard; eun all day. Cor. Waller and Pcr-
tola ets.. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
FOR Sacrifice; handsome fiats; Liberty
St.; choice location. Owner, box 2437, Call.
REAL ESTATE COCBfTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
Can Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. lor pam-
phlets and Information. .
FOR rent near Haywarde— lo-acre poultry and
fruit ranch: well improved: cash. Owner,
1926 Sixteenth Bt., near Mission, S. F.
V J2SOO— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WTNFIELD. Petaluma, CaL
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
It paces. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ILAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; l A cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
£1100— IN the Hille*ass Tract; a full sized lot,
£2x160; near Dwlght way; street . work all
do&e.
A rood vestment: house of U rooms; rent-
ed for $50 monthly net; only $5500.
V Fine »-room house; corner lot; street work
all done; near -station. House contains win-
dow shades, combination fixtures and Sun-
ehlne water heater; price $3300.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TWO CHOICE NEW HOMES.
' Offers wanted over present loans of $*000 and
$3500 each; 8 rooms; porcelain bath; Flemished
oak finish; beam ceiling dining-room; every-
thing the latest; location extra choice and
convenient; cold three to prominent Oakland
merchants; contractor making sacrifice to
close out; tern I easy as rent. See
M LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., :
lL» 460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME SACRIFICED.
$7250; cost $10,000; mortgage $5000; offer, want-
&3 immediately; owner must sell at once;
STodern gothic style; 8 rooms; porcelain bath;
Superb interior finish; fine barn; large double !
rootage. 60x240; premises In Al Ehape; $800 j
trorth 6 months' old carpets Included; loca-
tion near Senator Perkins; best quick offer
secures it.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4C2 Eighth st., Oakland. .
1. M. DODGE & SON. J
160 Broadway. Oakland.
— Something extra nice In the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 80x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this. .
HOUSES- of every description and -price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
118 Broadway; telephone Main 10. :
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
BXJBT lower flat. $ large rosins; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 eras grate; large
corner lot: lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
aye. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth aye.. East Oakland. :;
»WOH cottage furnished; can board owner.
«y ' Fourteenth Et., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FIKMTIUE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellbaas * the j
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland. 1
ROOMS FOX HOrSKKEEriNG.
ELI-IP. 330— 2 pmnll furnished housekeeping
rooms in rear: rent $10.
rn-I>lS. fiSH. cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished bay- i
window: mantel, folding bed; use of kitchen. !
FOURTEENTH. 668, corner Market— 2 unrur- i
nished rooms in new flat, for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 553—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
with bath. 520: two, $10; single, $3.
FOLSOM, 1293, corner Ninth— Sunny, cozy
housekeeping rooms, $11; also others; 1 large.
GEARY. 1225— Unfurnished suite. S rooms; sun-
ny furnished bay-window, with kitchen, com-
plete.
HAIGHT, 222— Three pleasant, perfectly ap-
pointed housekeeping rooms for couple; sunny;
alcove: telephone; gas stove.
HARRISON, 623— Large sunny room, euitable
for 2: furnished or unfurnished. Rlncon Hil..
HOWARD, 761Vi— Nicely furnished suite with
kllchen; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HYDE, 133. bet. Golden Gate aye. & Turk St.—
Nicely furnished room?; running water; grate.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished, large
rooms; housekeeping, $7; single, $6.
LARKIN. So4— Sunny back housekeeping suite;
gas and yard; 111: sunny single room, $4.
McALLISTER, 536— Large sunny front room;
sink. gaF range, bath, $5; also suite, $16.
i OAK. 119— Sunny room, furnished, heavy house-
| keeping. $?; small front room, furnished, $6.
I OTARRELL. 2108. near Devisadero— Nice fur-
I r.ished room with use of kitchen and home
| comforts; $5. '
! PINE, 1300—2 sunny front corner furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas; range; $17.
' POST. 527—3 rooms furnished for housekeeping;
i 2, 2 unfurnished; bath; gas; reasonable.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
i received at Call branch office, S2OO Flllmore. ]
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
i subscriptions has been established at 1096 ;
Valencia st.
i ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
! ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
! ward- tpeclal rates by week or month; take |
McAlhster-st cars from ferry to doer.
; a— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CAPP. 624— Part of houße; no children; rent
reasonable.
CLAY, 1457— 0ne large furnished sunny room;
suitable for one or two personc.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 106 — Sunny suite of rooms; also single
I rooms ; reasonable.
ELLIS, 705— Nicely furnished room; use of
piano; $7.
FOUR clean, sunny, unfurnished rooms on
Rincon Hill. 307 First St.; a snap; $7.
FOURTH, 149— New furnished sunny rooms
from $3 to $12 per month.
! FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; bathe. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 406, The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
ruites and single; travelers accommodated.
GROVE, 518 — Large sunny front room; rent $4.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location: new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
tOe per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
' HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
Bide rooms; single, $2 50; suites, $4 60 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
; JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
j rooms, $4. $3; quiet place.
MISSION, 1729V5, near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; $S.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $£ a week up; 35c a day np.
O'FAF.RELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OTARRELL, 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; reference*.
O'FARRELL, 652— Sunny room for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; running water; $15; references.
OLIVE aye., 124^ — Two unfurnished rooms, $7
month; privilege to use kitchen.
RINCON place, 28— Sunny room; fireplace; us«
of kitchen; for lady.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 3Sc to $1 60; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $20; elevator on gYound
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean: bath, phone; prices low.
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $2
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week: transient.
SUTTER. 426— Nicely furnished sunny room;
I suitable for two.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
PIERPONT Hotel. 418 Ellis, opens December 1
— Choice can now be made of the elegant,
well-appointed apartments, which have every
desired requisite necessary for comfort and
convenience; excellent table; everything new
and modern; location unsurpassed.
A SELECT family boarding place, quiet & re-
fined; appointments lst-class; desirable local-
ity; north of Market st. Box 2382, Call.
THE IRVINGDALE. 626 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated; new management; furnished rooms,
with board: excellent table; prices moderate.
HOTEL Las~Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, tath; board optional; single rooms.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; otheT suites; table board.
A LARGE front room; board; hot, cold water;
fire, closet; use parlor, piano. 850 Van Ness. |
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table: popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured~at~~HUNTER'S 'SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market st. ; treatment free ; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchange ; re-
pairlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 14S 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
Elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st ; phone Jackson 28X.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission Bt.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
I greaTlbargains in typewriters— we
i sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 264.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 20» Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster' b Supplies,
Depot Quartermaster* Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 18, 1901.
—Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. December 2. 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Pack- •
ing Boxes, Lumber, Burlap, Excelsior and .
Hoop Iron. Quantities to be subject to 20
per cent increase if decided upon by this
Department. Bidders must state In tneir
proposals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 10,167," and addressed to MAJOK
C. P. MILLER. Quartermaster, C. 6. Army,
I Depot Quartermaster. i
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. /
The following . marriage' licenses were . Issued
yesterday: . , ' .'¦ ;
Charles B. Wilmarth, 29, Sacramento, and
Glenna Cross, 24, Topeka, Kans. -^ • •. '
Thomas J. Ahem, 25, 934V4 Bryant street, and
Theresa C. Smedley, 19, 29 Chesley street. *
August I. Jaakola, 27, 176^4 • Shipley : street,
and Marie L. Alakkala, 27, 176% Shipley street.
' Emil A. Hoffman, 38.- 2532 Bryant street, and
Mary L. Rocthamell, 34, 2532 Bryant street.
Charles I. Hagstrom, 54, city, and Christine
Everson, 34, city.- '. ¦ — . . ¦
Joseph Liuzza, 22, 561 ! . Mission "• street, '. and
Kittle L. Manino, 19, 409 Bryant street. .
Frederick E. . Weisße, 40, Sacramento. , and
Louise Frentrup, 24, - Sacramento. ¦,¦ .-•'. -, :
- Joseph Peralta. 21, ¦ 251 , Pacific ¦ street, .- and
Bessie Kenney, 19, 1904 Powell ' street.' v r *
Innocente Illia, 27, Occidental, and Lena J.
Redman, 26, Occidental. - ' . "
Ettore . lacooettl, 21, 1800 Gough street, and
Emma- E. del Carlo, 16, 3 11 Broadway.
James D. Reid, 24, 1607 Leavenworth street,
and Margaret C. Coslello, 21, 11 Capp street. ;
William C. . Schneider. 27. 227 -. Fulton , street.
and Flora Ames. 23. 227 Fulton street. ¦: '.. - ."' ;
BIRTHS— MARRI&SES— DEATHS. :
.' • BORN.
BJOLSTAD— In this city. November 28,: 1901, to
the wife of A. Bjolstad, a daughter. ' /
CARTY— In this ; city. November 26. . 1901. ;to
the wife of Franklyn . Carty, ¦¦ a Bon. . ..-• , X '¦'.
FRIEND— In this city, to the wife of S. H.
Friend, a daughter. ' ' '. .-- . "- - •¦¦' '¦¦
WEISS— this city, November 27, 1501, to the
wife of Frank J. Weiss, a son. -' -' . - —
~ MARRIED. ; '
EGAN— GRUNWALDT— this city, Novem-
ber 27, 1901, -by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
1 Eusrene P. Egan and Lulu Grunwaldt, both
; of Pan Francisco. . .' " I .,...
MacDONALD— In this city, No-
vember 27, 1901, by the Rev. . Frank Kline
¦ Baker, Charles E. Mac Donald and Georglana
! Davidson, both of San- Francisco. •
PELLASCIO— MCDONNELL— In this city, No-
vember 24, 1901, by the Rev. Father Collins,
Silve H. Pellascio and Mollie McDonnell,
both of Valley Ford. - ¦:
DIED. ;
Bain, James J. ¦ Haskell, Mary L. ' .- .•
Bolsted. Lars M. Hoey, Thomas ,
. Bratemos, Capt. J. S. Horn,  Thomas L.
Bray, Harold W. Lynch. Richard T.
Christie. Alexander McCarthy, Daniel
Connolly, Michael McCarthy, Charles A.
- Creegan, Peter J. . Mclnerney, Kate A.
Franc, C. V. Robinson, Hugh ' '¦
Gallon, John Schlnkel, Dora .
Gleaves, James M. Sexton, Michael •
Green, Robert A. Stevens. Sarah ¦>.'
Griffin, John Tubb, Walter F.
Harkins, Patrick . .
BAIN— San Rafael, November 29, 1901, James ;
J., beloved husband of Mary E. Bain, a na- :
tive of London, England, aged 58 years.'.'-!
ITT" Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
December 2, from his late- residence, thence
to St. Raphael's Church, where a requiem
mass will be offered for the repose of hit.
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. ' ' ' . '
BOLSTED— In Oakland, ~ November 29. 1901,
Lars M., husband of the late Gertha Bolsted.
and father of Elise and Minnie Bolsted anil
Mrs. Clara McDonald, a native of Norway,
aged 69 years 7 months and 25 days. .
E7"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lor's of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street,
Oaklcrd. Interment private. . .
BRATEMOS— In ibis city, November 27, 1901,
Captain John S. . Bratemos, dearly - beloved
father of Christine, Olga and Stello Brate-
mos, a native of Greece, aged 51 years and
14 days. -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral | to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
• thence to • Greco-Russian Church. Powell
street, near Filbert, for services. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
BRAY— In Oakland, November 29, 1901, Harold
William Bray, beloved son of W. J. Bray and
Kittle M. Bray, a native of California, aged
3 months and 9 days. "^ ¦ ¦
|C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (.Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at ¦ 1576
Twenty-first avenue. East - Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
CHRISTIE— In Oakland, November 27, 1901,
Alexander P. Christie, beloved brother of
Henry P. and Robert Christie, a native of
Montrose, Scotland, aged 61 years 8 months
and 9 days. .-
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, Alameda. Services under the aub-
pices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, * . and A.
M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Re-
mains at the residence of Mrs. M. E. Nixon,
1711 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. ¦ •
CONNOLLY— the City and County Hospital,
November 28. 1901. Michael Connolly, a . na-
tive of Ireland, aged 51 years. • -
CREEGAN— In this city. : November 29, 1901,
Peter J.. beloved son of the late Peter and
Mary Creesrßn, and brother of ; Mary E. and
James F. Creegan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years 7 months and 17 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 543 Stevenson street, thence to . St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FRANC— In this city, November 27, 1901, C. V.
Franc, a native of France, aged 72 years.
GALLON— In this city, November 29, 1901,
John, dearly beloved son of James and Ann
Gallon, and brother of James, Charles, Wil-
liam and Frank Gallon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 7 months. , %
GLEAVES— In this city. November 27, 1901,
James Malcolm I Gleaves. . United States Sur-
veyor General, beloved husband of Martha A.
Gleaves, father of James M. Jr. and Charles
B. Gleaves, and brother of Dr. C. C. and
Dr. A. D. Gleaves, a native of Ohio, aged
49 years 2 months and 18 days. ¦
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma- :
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission street, I between !
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the .
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and \
A M. Interment • Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car -from corner Twenty- j
third and Guerrero streets. Remain* at ¦ the
funeral parlors of Charles H. 1. Truman &
Co., 318 Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Geary.
GREEN— In P Sacramento, November \ 29, 1901,
Robert A. Green, beloved husband of. Jessa-
' mine W. Green, father of Alice K. and Rob-
' erta A. Green, and brother of Milton J. and
Lewis L. Green, a native of Oroville, Cal.,
a^ed 41 years. ».•.; , . . ..
lETTuneral services at the residence ol
Mrs. M. M. Brock, 1458 Broadway, Oakland,
Cal., to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. In-
terment by cremation, private. Plebse omit:
flowers. ¦ '¦ . ¦*• V •
GRIFFIN— In this city, "r November 29, 1901,
John, beloved husband of Elizabeth Griffin,
and father of Mrs. Mary Durnan; a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.) . .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ¦ attend the • funeral '• to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the ' United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser- ;
vices at 1:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy. Cross
Cemetery. v ¦ ¦ -
HARKINS— In ; this city, November 27, 1901.
Patrick, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Ann Harkins, and father of Margarette Ann,
Daniel Patrick and ¦ Mary Ellen Harkins. a
native of County - Donegal, Ireland, aged .38
years 8 months and 10 days. ... r;
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully ¦ Invited to . attend ; the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street, :
- thence to St. Francis Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the i
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross • Cemetery. -
HASKELL— this city. November 28, / 1901,
Mar/ Lord Haskell, beloved wife. of the. late
George S. Haekeli, and mother of Mrs. W.
McArthur and Mrs. .C. S. Watson, a native
of Portland. t Me. : (Bogton, -• Mass., papers '
please copy.) ""' ..¦ < ¦]
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
¦ < Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from 310 Scott street. j
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -> /
HOEY— In this city, November 27, 1901, Thomas !
Hoey, a. native of Ireland, ¦ aged 65 years. •-• !
HORN— In this city, November 29, 1901, .Thomas
L. Horn, beloved husband of Helen Wells !
Horn, and father of Henry Horn, M. D., and
William P. Horn. ¦• .' - ¦>¦
LYNCH— In this city, November 27, 1901, Rich-
ard Thomas, dearly beloved son of Patrick
. and the late " Margaret Lynch, brother :of
Anastasla Lynch ¦ and Mrs. R. O. Thurmer. '
and * nephew of Cornelius ' and \ Hannah ; Ma-
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO. ' ;
' (Successor to Flannag-an 'St Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth . St.. opposite Lincoln School. •
. Telephone South 80. ,'
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. :..
OFFICE BJ6 MARKET STREET. ']'...
/ J. HENDERSON. Manager.'.'
i UNITED "I^ERTAKERsI
I '---' 27 and 20 Fifth St. Tel. South tor 1
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAJLMER&.J
m Finest Equipment »t Mode rote Rated, V '
\. . '„.- irf»i iiTu alia nl
; JAMBS McGinn, "
Formerly ; with McGinn Bros., has ¦ opened
: new '. Funeral ¦ Parlors : at - 214 Eddy • st., f bet.
'• Taylor • and , Jones. f- x Telephone . South • 676. .
i NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. .
• Samuel ' McFadden, 18 ' years f manager ; for
the United '¦ Undertakers' . Association; M.* J. r
Mcßrearty, ' with : the • same company : for 18
yeare; P. F. "> Green, late with J. C. i O'Con-
nor & - Co., ; have ¦ opened s new Funeral I Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between , Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone .-South; 44. .:'. . -
honey, a native of California, aged 26 years.
E?"FriendB and accuaintar.ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his aunt, 35 Grand avenue, off How-
ard street, near Tenth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 28, 1901,
Daniel, beloved husband of Ellen McCarthy,
and father of Julia, John, Mary and Ella
McCarthy, Mrs. H. G. Vogelsang and the
late Patrick McCarthy, a native of Ireland,
ased 67 years.
ICTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 417 Franklin street, thence to St.
" Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 29, 1901,
Charles A., beloved son of Daniel and Mar-
garet McCarthy, and brother of Frank C.
and the late Edward and David McCarthy, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 33 years
4 months and 23 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)* at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Golden Gate avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McINERNEY— In this city, November 29, 1901,
Kate A., beloved wife of J. J. Mclnerney,
and beloved sister of Jane and Delia Bres-
ln and Mrs. Madge Casey and Mrs. Ellen
Burke of Sacramento, Cal., a native of Mo-
ville. County Donegal, Ireland.
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROBINSON— In this city, November 27, 1901,
Hugh Robinson, a native of Ireland, aged
53 years.
SCHINKEL— In this city, November 29, 1901,
at her residence. SOO Potrero avenue, corner
Twentieth, Dora, dearly beloved wife of
Otto Schlnkel, and devoted stepmother of
Otto Jr., Henry, John and Hermann Schln-
kel and Mrs. Fred Thode, a native of Eutin,
Holstein, Germany, aged 46 years and 1
month. A member of San Francisco Frauen
Verein, Norddeutscher Frauen Vereln and St.
Markus Frauen Vereln.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Markus Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, O'Far-
rell street, between Franklin and Gough. In-
terment 1.. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
SEXTON— In Berkeley. November 29, 1901,
Michael, beloved husband of Bridget A. Sex-
ton, and frfther of Mrs. T. Conners, Mrs."
Tlfer. Mary Ellen, Cornelius and Agnes Sex-
ton, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
STEVENS— In Alameda. November 29, 1901,
Sarah Stevens, beloved mother of Horace
Stevens and the late Margerlte Grover, and
grandmother of Captain B. T. Weymouth, a
native of Maine, aged 88 years 11 months and
2 days.
TUBB— In this city, November 28, 1901, Walter
Flournoy, dearly beloved and only child of
Thomas F. and Emma Tubb. a native of San
Francisco, agred 8 months and 21 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from, the residence
of his parents, 1224 York street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
Cypresa Lawn Cemetery.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL, DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable X
107 POWELL ST.NtAAELUS 77% 5056
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pag« Twelve.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
:':-. c ¦ • "....¦ - — ¦ - ¦ •¦ v-\ •¦'
FRIDAY. Nov. 29— p. m.
O"^ UNITED STATES BONDS. '
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up..112V4113 4s qr cp (new).l39ViW9%
4s quar reg.... 1124113 l3s quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C 55. 10714 — Oceanic SS ss. 104 106
Cal-st E5.:.....117 — Omnibus C 65.129Vi135
C C Water 55. 11 l — Pac G Imp 4s. 95 98
Ed L& P 6s. — — Pk &C H 65. .108 112 .
Fer &Cl H 6s. — 122 Pk &O R 65.. 121: — ,
Geary-st 55.... — 100 Powll-st R 65.115%120
HC & S 5%5. — — Sac EG R ss. 94^100
Do 5s 99% — SF & SJV 55. 123% —
Los Ang R 55. 118 113 Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 65. .101% — SP of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 65.. 100 — (1909) ........113% —
Do'gntd 55.. 103 103% (1910) ........114- — "
LA & P 55..:.102 Vi — SP of Cal, 6s r
Do 1 c m 58.101 103 (1905), Ser A.107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65. 127% — (1905), Ser 8.109 109%
Do 1c m ss. — 123Vs (1906) ........110 lll£
NR of Cal 65.112%112% (1912) .119 — .
Do 5s ....:... 12H4122H S P of Cal Ist .
Nor Pac C 55. 107% — c gntd 55.... 109% — '
Nor Cal R 55.112% — SPBr Ca1:65.135?i142 .
Oak Gas 55.... 112% — S V Water 65. 112 112%
Oak Trans 65.. 125 125% Do 4s .....:.. 102%103»i
Do Ist c 55.. 110 112 Do 4s, 3d m..102 102V4
Oak Wat g ss. — 105- Stktn Gas 6s-..102% —
WATER STOCKS. . ; • ?
Contra Costa.. 76V4 —'. f Port Costa 63% 66
Marin County. 58 ; — | Spring Valley. sm 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L P... .2% — j Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable ..... 3 — Sacramento ... 25 • —
Mutual ........ — 5 SF G & E.... 43%^3%
Oakland 51 ' — San Francisco. 5% —
Pac Gas Imp. 40 !42 I Stktn G & E.. f 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o% — ¦ I V
. - ' :-¦ / . ' - ; BANKS. ' . ,¦ ¦• -
Anglo-Cal ..... 79% — L P &A......160 175
California .... 408 - — Mer Ex (liq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep..109% — S F National. .l3o — .
First Nat10n1.317%330 1 :
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1925 — j Say & Loan...— 90
Humboldt .... — ; — ' I Security ' 5av.. 300 340
Mutual Say...: 66 — Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F. Say U 525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....135 140. OS L & H.... 40 —
Geary ........„— 50 Presidio 30 , —
Market ....'..;. 86% 89 I ¦ ' • . •¦•
POWDER. •;¦
Giant .....'..... 85% 86 |Vigorlt 4% 8
SUGAR.
Hana .....— 5 ,Kilauea 11 12%
Hawaiian ....; — 50 i Makaweli 23% — :
Honokaa .....; 11 12 Onomea ....... 23% — 5
Hutchinson ... 15 15% Paauhau ;....: 11 x —
. MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack.. 158 160% Oceanic S Co. 46% 50
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 i Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. — -. 89% Pac C Borax.. 165- — '
Mer Ex .......110 — I Par Paint 16 —
' Morninir Session. ¦' ',"¦'
. Board — . .-¦ .-" % ".'*'¦'... .. ' .
5 Alaska Packers' Assn.. 160 25
10 Hutchinßon S P C 0... .....:.: 15 00
$1000 Oakland Transit IK 00
10 Paauhau Sugar C 0........ 1\25
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 43 00
: , . Afternoon ' Session. .
Board— '.-. , . - ¦„:
150 California Safe Deposit .'....109 60
5 Contra Costa Water........ 76 50
70 First National ..........:.... 318 50
25 Makaweli Sugar C 0... 24 00
12000 Oakland Transit .: ..-..T.125 00
• 50 Onomea Sugar Co ..."...T... ......... 23 50
15 S F Gas & Electric C 0.. .".'... ...;.... 43 50 1
$1000 US 3s coupon .....;. 108 50
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Beard-
SCO Apollo lg
r>oO Four 46
100 Kern •* 5 12V4
100 Monarch of Arizona 20
50 Oil City Petroleum 22
400 Reed Crude 34
Street—
40 Thirty-three (b 30) 8 25
Afternoon Session.
• Board—
60(1 Monarch of Arizona 20
200 Monte Cristo (b 90) 1 721/,
300 Monte Cristo 165*
200 Oil City Petroleum 22
100 Petroleum Center 05
250 Sterling 120
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Gould & Curry 07 200 Ophlr 7C
1400 Justice .. + 01 200 Savage 06
300 Mexican 17 100 Sierra Nevada. 08
100 Ophlr 75 300 Yellow Jacket. 09
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 14 100 Hale & Norcrs IS
100 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Union Con 12
200 Gould & Curry 08
Th« following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher 14 700 Mexican 17
200 Caledonia 21 600 Ophir 76
300 Chollar 05 200 Sierra Nevada. 09
40'J Con Cal & Va.l 65 200 Silver Hill .... 32
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 14 300 Mexican n
209 Caledonia 23 200 Ophlr 76
100 Con Cal & V.I 67% 300 Sierra Nevada. 09
400 Gould & Curry 07 200 Yellow Jacket. 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. 29—4 p. m .
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Aek.
Alpha — 02 Justice oi 02
Alta 04 06 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 04 Lady Wash oi —
Belcher 04 OolMexlcan 16 18
Best A Belcher 13 14 (Occidental .... OS C 4
Bullion 02 03:Ophir 75 77
Caledonia 21 22 Overman 02 03
Challenge Con.. 13 lolPotosi 03 04
Chollar 04 Do Savage 05 06
Confidence .... — 65 Scorpion _ Q4
Con Cal tt Va.l 65 1 70;Seg Belclier ... Oi 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada. 08 09
Con New York. 01 —\ Silver Hill .... 31 33
Crown Point .. 02 03 St Louis _ 04
Eureka Con .. 14 —Standard 3253 90
Exchequer .... — 02 Syndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry 07 08 Union Con 12 13
Hale & Norcrs 13 19 Utah 01 02
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 07 0k
BAR POLITICS,
SAYS MR. KNOX
United States Attorney
General Issues In
structions.
Department of Justice Men
Must Not^ Influence
Elections. -
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 29.— The United
States Marshal and District Attorney to
day received copies of a circular from
Attorney-General Knox, with orders to
post in their offices and call to the at
tention of all employes. The circular
says:
"To all officers and employes of the De
partment of Justice: Your attention is
directed to a circular cf this department,
issued August 20, 1900, in which section
2, of the civil service act of January 16,
1883, forbidding any executive officer or
employe, among others, to solicit or re
ceive political contributions from any
officers or employes of the United States,
was quoted and all persons serving under
the department were required to observe
strictly the prohibitions of this law, and
were recommended to refrain from ser
vice on political committees charged with
the collection and disbursement of cam
paign funds. I now repeat the injunc
tions of that circular and add the follow
ing further directions on the subject:
"Rule No. 3 of the civil service rules
provides that no person in the executive
civil service shall use his official authority
or official influence for the purpose of in
terfering with an election or controlling
the result thereof. The spirit of the civil
service laws and rules renders it highly
undesirable for Federal officers and em
ployes to take an active part in political
conventions or in the direction of other
parts of political machinery. Persons in
the Government service under this de
partment should not act as chairmen of
political organizations, nor make them
selves unduly prominent in local political
matters. It is expected and required that
all officers and employes of this depart
ment shall act in entire conformity with
the views herein set forth."
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William A. and Harriet H. Magee to Thomas
Magee Jr.. lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 137:6 W of Leavenworth street, W 60:6,
N 80, W 22, N 57:6, E 82:6. S 1J7:6; $1.
Estate of John Kimball (by W. W. Chase and
Walter Frear, executors) to Ferdinand E. Hes
thal, lot on N line of McAllister street, 37:6
E of Hyde, E 60 by N 87:6; $30,000.
John V. Kimball, W. W. Chase and Walter
Frear (trustees of estate of John Kimball) to
same, same; |5.
City and County of San Francisco to Adelia
G. Tinteman. lot on N line of Page street,
95 Wof Octavia, W2sby N 120; $ .
Henry W. and Malvina Eisert to Mercantile
Trust Company of San Francisco, lot on N
line of Vallejo street. 40 E of Fillmore, E S3
by N 137:6; $10.
Permilla J. and J. W. Campbell to Clarence
M. Smith, lot on S line of California street,
181:3 W of Baker, W 25 by S 187 :ft; $10.
John H. Rosseter, Alice M. (or Alice) and
Henrietta Dunne and Frances , McHugh to
Frederick Staude, lot on E line of Shrader
street, 100 N of Fell, N 60 by E 100; $10.
Mary Rutherford (Cathie) to Helen M. Ruth
erford, lot on W line of Bryant avenue, 156
S of Twenty-third, S 26 by W 100; $10.
George F. Buck to Floyd L. and Earl D.
Balrd lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street,
25 W of York, W 25 by N 104; $10.
Jacob Heyman Co. (a corporation) to Vir
ginia N. Weston (widow), lot 258, Heyman
Tract; $10.
Margaret Fltzsimmons to Kate T., Rose A.
and Nellie M. Fitzsimmons, lot on NE corner
of Julius and Lombard streets, which point Is
85:6 E of Dupont street. E 26 by N 70; gift.
Benjamin Romalne to Leon Kauffman, lot
on N corner of Third and Jessie streets, NE
83. NW 38, SW 4, NW 31, SW 79, SE 69, quit
claim deed; $133,000.
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
als. (by John T. Harmes, Gustave H. Unb
sen and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to same,
lot on N corner of Third and Jessie streets,
NW 69. NE 79, SE 31, NE 4. SE 38, SW S3r
$133,000.
Mary E. Cullen vs. Richard H. Sprague (by
Robert Richards, referee) to Mary E. Cullen,
lot on SE line of South Park avenue, 251 SW
of Second street, SE 117:6 by NE 26; $2000.
Mary J. Blair (widow) to Victor H. Robin
son lot on SE line of Shipley street (Louisa),
262:6 NE of Fou.th, NE 20 by SE 69, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan Crooks et als.
(by John T. Hxrmes, Gustave H. Umbsen and
Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Mrs. Diana
Chatham, lot on NE corner of Wisconsin and
Eighteenth (Solano) streets. NW 168:6^, SE
239:4%, SE" 37, SW 200; also all interest in
P N block 208; $1000.
Emille A. and Robert O. H. Allen to Rose
Clark Biggs, lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue,
275 S of California street. S 25 by E 127:6; $10.
Margaret E. Sutherland (widow) to William
Bulck, lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 100 S
of California street South. S 25 by E 120; $H).
Solomon, Dora, Bernhard and Rose Getz to
Edward D. Dement, lot on W line of Thirty
fourth avenue, 175 S of J street, S 25 by W
120; also lot on W line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue. 175 S of C street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Edward D. Dement to Annie S. Gorton,
same; $10.
Mrs J. C. Bull Jr. (Annie S. Gordon) to
J. C. Bull Jr., same; $10.
Frederick L. Boehme to Emma Boehme. lot
on W line of Eighth avenue, 200 N of O
street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
J. J. and JulU Raver to George Maloney,
lot on W line of Folsom street, 450 N of Ripley,
N 50 by W 160; also lot on E line of Manches
ter street, 75 N of Stoneman, N 25 by E 60;
$10.
Richard D. Blauvelt to Benjamin Healey, lot
on NE line of Dominica street (Twelfth ave
nue), 75 SE of Santee (G). SE 50 by NE 100.
block 233, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $5.
Ellen Hurley (Denehey) (widow) to Abe and
Charles Rosensteln, lots 5, 6, 35 and 36, block
10 Tract A, People's Homestead Association;
$10.
Otto and Amelia Relchardt to Rudolph and
Louisa Huber, re-record 1856 D. 49, lot on NE
line of Palmer street, 120:6 S of Fairmount,
S 25, E 62. N 25, W 107:6, block 15, Fair
mount; $10.
Rudolph and Louisa Huber to William B.
and Phoebe Forden, same; $10.
Claus and Wllhelmlne R. Mangels to Jacob
Levi Jr., undivided flve-forty-ninths interest in
lot on S line of Sunnydale avenue. 105:8 E
of Milllken street, E 138:8, S 224:5, W 244:4, N
164:5, E 105:8. N 60; also undivided flve-forty
nlnths Interest beginning at stake marked "4"
on the shore of the Bay of San Francisco, 66
from N line of Sunnydale avenue. S 87 de
grees E 244:3. N IS degrees, E 286:3, N 75 de
grees W 238:11. S 13 degrees. W 339:1; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Sunnydale
avenue, 832 W of Milliken street, W 105:8 by S
255:4; also lot commencing N 71^4 degrees, W
1716 from point on W line of Schwerln street,
293:0V4 S of Sunnydale avenue, NW 110 by S
291 '9% ; also lot commencing N 71^4 degrees, W
288 from point on W line of Schwerln street
584:1% S of Sunnydale avenue, NW 110 by N
18:0%; also undivided 5.49 following: Lot on
SW corner of Milliken street and Sunnydale
avenue, S 104:4 by W 244:4; also lot on S line
of Sunnydale avenue, 488:8 SE of Schwerin
street, E 33 by S 397:4; also lot on S line of
Sunnyds-le avenue, 211:4 SE of Schwerln street,
E 66 by S 397:4; also lot commencing N 71 J /4
degrees W and 1111 from point on W line of
Schwerin street, 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue,
291-9 by W 33: also lot commencing 71% degrees
W and 1364 from point on W line of Schwerln
street 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by
W 66;' also lot commencing N 71% degrees W
and 1650 from point on W line of Schwerin
street. 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by
W 66; also lot commencing N 71% degrees W
and 1936 from point on W line of Schwerln
street, 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by
W 66: also lot commencing N 71V4 degrees W
and 2222 from point on W line of Schwerin
street, 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by
W 66; also lot commencing N 71% degrees W
and 250* from point on W line of Schwerln
street, 293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by
W 66;' also lot commencing 71% degrees W and
2794 from point on W line of Schwerln street,
293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue. S 291:9 by W 66;
al3O lot commencing N 71% degrees W and
3080 from point on W line of Schwerin street,
293:6 S of Sunnydale avenue, S 291:9 by W 32;
also lot commencing 71% degrees W and lm
from point on W line of Schwerin street, 384:^4
S of Sunnydale avenue, W 202 by S 33; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary Reilly (owner) with A. W. Wallen and
C W. Hanson (contractors), architect Harold
D. Mitchell— All work except mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a 1%-story frame cottage
on N line of Merritt street, 175 W of Hatty, W j
25 by N 78: $1470.
Daniel Michau (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All
work except plumbing, painting, mantels. ]
shades, gas fixtures, excavation and concrete
work for a 2-xtory frame building (2 flats) on
S line of Dorland street. 350 E of Dolores, E
25 by S 115. Mission block 79; $2700.
M. A. or Mary A. Donohue (owner) with F.
L. Hansen (contractor), architects Dunn &
Schroepfer— Concrete, carpentry, mill and elec
trical work, hardware and plastering for a 2
story attic and basement frame building (flats)
on N line of Fell street, 137:6 E of Devisadero,
E 25 by N 137:6; $4750.
Mirth is nature's best remedy for ills.
A second-class joke has caused many
a man to lose a first-class friend.
>' V ADVERTISEMENTS.
"absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of ,/^w^^
"'"; Very small and as easy . .
to take as sugar. .' . ; ;
SEE lrADTrtfcl raRHEADAC " L SEE
OLL CART for diizmess.
Kittle for BILIOUSNESS. -.„,,..-
GENUINE f vfV for torpid liver. GENUINE
M piILS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER mljfe TOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WRAPPER Mm [for the complexion nnrtrrLn
"FRIITTEID OST R,ET3- PAPER," ,
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
S E Tracey, Phila S Mengie & w, Ala.
E W Backus, Minn J G MenKle, Alameda
H H Osborn, Chicago E J Kendall, Auburn
J X Fisher. London A W Foster Jr, Berkly
G M R Layton. London J D McGilvey. Stanfrd
D T Davies, Wash H H Atkinson, Stanfrd
G W Hooven. NY J E McDowell. Stanfd ;
J W Knox. Merced E J Thayer, Stanford
Miss S R Smith, Cal T H Grisel. Sacto
Miss G M Henry, Cal L B Metcalf. Nome
B Morton & w, Cal A C Harmond, Val Spr
C R Miller, Phila C D Porter, Cal
J E Terry, Sacto J A Brent. Cal
W G Winterburn, Mrs Peavey, S Diego
Hongkong F A Peavey, Pt Huron
O H Roche, Chicago G R Tumbull *w, NY
J HoDkins. St Louis Miss Tumbull, N V
J S Page, NY E J Tumbull, N V
D I Bradley. N V Miss May Brown, N V
R Welch, NY R C Wyse, London
J W Gates. Chicago T J Kirk. Sacramento
R S Fulton, Rem C F Clark, Chicago
C G Simpson, NY W S Hall. Stanford
R D Frissell, Stanford! Mrs II C Taft, Oakland
Mrs D L Scott & dtrs. Miss C M Taft, Oaklnd
Canada Miss E Crellln, Oaklnd
Miss A Marsh, Canada! Dr D H Morgan, U S N
GRAND HOTEL.
J Hardy &w. Alaska Mrs A Andrews, Seattl
J H Miller, Colusa J L Dunbar, Seattle
D Levy. Williams T J McCudden, Vallejo
M H Sprague, Stanfrd Miss McCudden, Valljo
J Smith, Cal E B Hart & w, Stkton
T B Reardon. Oroville Mrs D E Stratton, Cal
T A Work &w. Cal J F Parkinson, P Alto
C B Mayhew. Sacto G F Gray. Palo Alto
J M Sullivan. Sacto Dr J T Jones. Gr Vally
Lillian Foster, Chicago E Frank * w, Cai
F M Kraufl 4 w,- St L T J Hoover Amador
L M Bates, Kan City X H List, Palo Alto
Mrs E C Hartnell, Cal W Russell, Denver
Ella R Hartnell, Stnfd M H Melrose, Illinois
Miss T Hartnell, Stnfd H O Southworth, Cal
Virginia Zabala, Salins G E Lantner. N V
D G Overall, Visalla O V Woodward, IlllnoU
J D Scharff, Portland T Clark w & dau. Cal
S H Fry & w, Oregon G W Smith. San Pedro
Mrs G T Murdock, N V S W Van Syckel, N J
J D Biddle. Hanford E Painter &w, Alamd
J L Barham. Antioch J McCartney, Gin El In
P W Dally. Oregon G M McMullen, Uklan
S Lockwood &w. Or C L Hathaway. Cal
C B Jillßon, HornbrooktJ P Smith. S Rosa
Mrs F Hewlett, Napa W A Newton. Chgo
J F Schllngman, Cal L V Youngworth. LAn
Leonore Schopbach, CallM L Margolis, Oaklnd
H Rauck. Chicago 1 Miss F Cushman, Cal
Miss H Fickes, Stanfd J D Carr, Stanford
Miss F Fickes, Stanfd jj B Perry, Redwood
H D Borchkin. S Jose'J F Cooper, S Crua
J H Bolcher. Sacto J P Fleishel. Colorado
W S Graham. Sacto |W J Merrlfleld. Colordo
W S James & w, Nev
RUBS HOUSE.
F Garresseni, Sausallt W B Flausburgh. Minn
L N Ford. Toronto J Peiper. lowa HUI
J P Murray, Seattle C F Hoffman &w. Cal
J\V Smith, San Jose R B Harvey, R Bluff
A Lietz, San Rafael D T Cox. Oregon
H Helm, Mill Valley C A Harrington, Napa
F A Prince. Siskiyou F Woodworth. Cal
R F Laughlin, Oregon H C Henderson, M D,
c A Gulberson, Cal Millford, 111
Mr & Mrs Elliott, Cal W White & w. Sacto
Mrs Sloane, Fowler ' Miss White. Sacto
Miss Stone. Fowler : B McCann &w. L Ang
W Tod, Santa Rosa jJ E Rathbun. Williams
H T McMillan. Seattle jJ H Harris, Oregon
G W Bowen, L Ang , E J Southworth. Minn
M Voight, S Dakota J B Huber, Cal
W H Hennage, Cal iE F Thomas, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Johnson, Tiburon J Stratton, Los Ang
"W Schmal & w, Cal A Anderson, S Jose
P Mclntee, Portland G S Hanson, W Walla
C Fletcher, Portland C W Watkins, N V
T W Latten, Tacoma J S Coleman. S RaTael
W R Lusk, Sacto J L Wedekind, Reno
J Herbeck. Seattle T W Raulo, Detroit
Miss M O'Gara, Seattl S W Green, Honolulu
Miss A O'Gara, Seattl W Duer, S Rosa
E Gustave, Contra .Cost
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 2C-.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
SAILED
Friday, November 28.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Tlllamook Bay.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr St Denis,
from Ensenada.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Peru
via, from New York, via Naples.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr Mass
dam, for New York, via Boulogne Sur Mer,
and passed Isle of Wight Nov 29.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr Columbia,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr Georgic,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr Deutach
land, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New Ycrk.
In England the question is, will Britan
nia continue to rule the waves or will an
American syndicate 'take over the job?"
. BAZLWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-atreet Ferry Depot.
. Local Llm'd Ovrl'd| Local
Dally j Daily Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 8:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.... 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 8:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:CO a. m. train is the California Llm*-
lted, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:95 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. tn. ia Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:.<0
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers ami
Free Reclining Chair Cars to. Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. /
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— B4l Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausatlt* F«ery-
Commencing September 29. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
IKU AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:SS, ?:W. *9:JO, 11:00 a. m.,
•1-45 315 *:15. 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. "!10:00, «ll:30 a. m.. «fdfc
315 »4:45 6:30. 9:20 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIBCO.
WEEK DAYS— *S:2S. «:27. 7:43, 8:35, 10:1*
a m 12:25, 2:15. »3:30. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. *8:00. 10:00. »11:45 a. m
•1-40 *3:15. <:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. 7:55, 8:5*10:00 a. tn
12-35 2:45, 3:SO, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:06 a. m., 12:05. 2:15, 3 : »
j-00 6:45 p. n».
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •»
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:M a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
statiorTd.
Legal Holiday boats and trains wIU run on
Sunday time.
BATLWAY TBAVSL. '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. -
Trains lei»»«» »a«l are din* *• »rr« » • ••
KAN rUAN«:ift«'«».
„ (Main line. Foot of Market atwt.) ¦ .
is at* — From K<tv«mbkb 1 1901. — Axxcrm
7»Ot» k Benioi*. Suit aa, Elmix* sad Sacra-
mento •!«•»
7iOOa V»c»TlUe, Winters, Ramsey . ?:*l» .
7s3»a MurUuer,3»nUauion t V»ll«Jo. Kaa*. -
' C»llitoe* tad StnU Ron •>»» .
- •:••? Davis, Woodland. Koignts Landing. _ ,
Mw7MlUe.OrofiUa_ — *«**» .
S:«0a Atlantic Xx press— Of deu and Km* »i»*
«x««a. Xile*. L»throj>. Stockton.. "»«•» .
S«O«u Jdlee, Mendota, Hanford. Visalla, •
Portcrrilla '..—.. «»83»
SißttA Shasta Express— DaTiOTilUaans liot
. Bartiatt Springs}, Willows, Bad
~ Bluff, Portland;. 7»*«»
" litOiStn Jen. Li»ermore, Bloekkni, . ;
. lone, Haenmeato. PUmrrul*
•:. '¦¦:' M«rj"i"». Chko. Had Blu« , 4>SO)»
*>>«•* O»kd*le, Chinese, Bonora, Carton... «>•»»
• :»•* H»yw»rd, Niks and War 3utioLs. . 1 1 «-"»3»
9:—x Vallejo ..;...... la«*3»
»:0»a Los ?M«les Express — MartiiMC.
Tzaey. Lati.rop. (ttookton, Merced •¦i*-,
. Ftwuio aud Lea Angeles . Tw»»
t:S«A TalUin, Martin** and Way Stations 7i33» '
Th« Overland Ogdao. Vm- 5" •
W. Omaha, Chicago ••— „?'£*
f ltt>*p Saeram«ato Hirer Sr.e«mer« "»'••»
SiSOr Hayward. Kil« and Way Stations. . 7<U»
4t««r U«nicl». ¦ Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Kiit«nU Landing,
M»ry»TiUe,0r0?111«.. ...... ....... 10:004
¦ «i*«r M artinen. Man Itauioii. Yallejo,
- Napa. <!»llitc>m». S«»taßo«a •'¦?*
«!••* Nil**, LiTermore. Stockton. .Lolll... 1 •'•&»
«t««»rHayward.N Hot, Haii .lose. liTcrmora t*J«»A
4iS«f Port Cos' a. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 OtM.4
•i*«P The Owl Limited— Traaao. Tulare,
BakenC«l<l. Bangui (or Santa Oar- _ __"
. ban, Los Angelas ... •:•»*
•««•*> Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mar- /_ .
ced, Fresno 1»«bw
¦s3op New Orleans Eipro— Mendota.
. ¦ • Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles,
Demißg, XI Faio, New Orleans
and East •**»*
¦i««p Ha/imrd, Nile* aud flan Joae 7.33
t«iOOrVall«J4% - •!:»»*. -
Oriental Man— Ogdeo, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago »i33a
¦:OOr Oriental Mail-Ogdac, C«nr«r.
St. Louis. Chicago... ..« '. «:S3f
7iO«r Oregon aud California Kxi>r«M,Mao- >
; ¦ niiiiout.i, Mar»«»UI«. Urcl.H.ig.
' I'urtliuuf. P>ig«>t num. (I and Kaat 8.33*
liaSrSan Pablo, Port Coita, Maxtlnes _
- ami Way Stations "'»» '
t*»*Sp Valli»ji» •••••• < *? sa f
COAST LINE (Narrow «a«Ke). " '
(Foot ot Market 3tXß9>.>
1 »A Newark,Center»llle,BaiiJoß».K*>lton,
-.' Boulder Creek.SanUOiux and Way _":__
BUtions '. »««•»
t*>lßr Nowark, (.'outer?! lie. San Jose, New
* - ' AlmaiiOD, Felton. llnnliler Creek, - •
¦ : * - Santa Crux aud l'riuclyal Way
Stations • !•»»•>*
4il»r Nawark, Han .lose, I.n» Gat 0» ....... t»:3»»
•».»»p Hunter*' Train— San Jess and Way
¦ ¦ Stations V7.*«r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma SIS mJCISCO— Foov at Jurist Street (Slip 31—
f!:U S:0O 11:00*. M. 1:03 1:30 B:ll'*.
IrimOlUlSS— ?«tl«!Bt««««»T.— 1":09 JsJiOO !3:C»
10:00 ».M. 12:30 00 l:o3r.tf.- •' - - :
COAST lilNB (Krea.l li»»««).
,'-.,'..'- (Third mid 'rowiweml Sta.)- .: „
«: I «a San Jose and Way statiooa i73w»
7:o©*. Hau Jow anil Way SUUons I.««»P
/7:«M»A NeTt'Alinsdni.. /4ilO»
8i«Oa Kau Jots. Tres I'inos. Mania Cm*.
.. i>»c!De i>«»e, Salinas. San Lute
Ob:»po, Santa Barbara au<l Prln.
cipal intermediate Mutt0n5.. ...... 7:43»
I«iS*a San Jose and Way Stations. 4il4»r ,
IJtSOA Han Joss ami Way .SUlinne 3tail»
t«: IS? San Mateo. lledwooil. Menlo Park.
- Palo Alto, Hauta Clara. Man Joas.
h Tres Piaos, Santa Crux. Saliuaa,
" - Monterey am) Pacific Gro»e t**»* 3 a -•
SsSOr San Jose and Way fUatlot.a. •«»•*
f4>lSr San JtMsaml Principal Way Stations »i*»*
• tSittOrSan Joa«, Los Gatos and Principal
- Way Stations : t»HM»»
»i3op San Jose ami Principal WayflUtiona Bs3S»
••07 Redwood. Man Jose. Gfimy. Salinas, ' . .
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03*
• ei»Or San Joas anil Way Htatlnua fM>««*
«ll:43r>Ban JoseawlWay Btati«ww •:»•»
' ¦ A for Morning. P or Afternoon.
¦ t Sunday executed. • hnnd*» only.
• Saturday only. , / Tnesaays and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTIIWESTEIiaca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH M6fK
RAILWAY COJIPANT
Tiburon F«nry. P««* W *—%*, m :
- Can Francisco to Jan Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. -." Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3*
'6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rat'ao! to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and C:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, . 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:2S p. m. '
Leave I In Effect i Arrive
San Francisco. {April 28. 1901-1 San Franclaco. .<
Week I Sun- I - . I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination, 1 day 3. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. [10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. ; 8:05 pm 10: a am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pm 8:20 pa
Fulton,
7:30 am - - "Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton,
•¦ '- Geyserville,
3:30 pin 8:00 am Cloverdaks, 7:35 pm «:20 pm
7-30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10: am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pmi 8:20 pm
7:30 am * ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
~ 8:00 am Guerneville. j 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . j . 1 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am! 8:40 am
and .
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 10:40 am 10: 25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale.
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvUle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. -Upper Lake. Porao, Potter : Valley, .
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell' 3.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. •' Mendocino . City, Fort Bragg. West- .
port, Usal, . Wllllts, LaytonriUe. Cummins, '
Bell's . Springs, Harris. Olsen's, ; Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.- ' . ';
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced-rates. ' ¦¦-¦• ¦ '¦¦ ¦
On Sundays ' round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
. H. C. WHITING, R. X.''RYAN.
." Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
• Leave Via Saosalito Ferry - Arrive
Sat> Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
i aigh< al tha "T»ttr» »f Ttmtt — — - — . . ¦
8-30 a. fc:IX>A. . _m__ lm j-.., »» mo 1.00 P. ( jAo a. ,
1:45 r. 10:00 a. ""• -TTJILb 3:00 p - **° F "
405 p. 11:30 a. 'T^liT 4:25 p - &55 ¦»•
: |l:15p.i i -"- V " k3Hr " Mllr - 5:55 p.
rim. iin Timlin iiriMi«n««iiTi' — 1 r *"
xick»t oom, «a JLUULM STSKR mi iAUaAUTO TXBJLT. .
4^"*%. Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-JL^fo 629 KEJLJtKY ST. Established .
'©HS^^alu 1534 fortlie treatment «t ITivntrt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEASST ST. Kscablisned
in 1*54 for tlie treatment «f I'riviit*
Di-K-mes, I.i^t Manuring. Debility or
IjWrawSSriiSiril.srM* wearing nn bortyami mini! and
r*a*»)(*&fi3Bkin Disensea. The r>oetor euros when
s^^^r«oth^TS fail. Try him. Charges low. .
4'are»a;aar»nt«-4r«t. CiiilcrwriUk
Dr. J. *"• *HBBOJJ . aau Francisco. Cat.
Weekly : Call,sl.oo per Year
1314
WILSON SAYS THAT HIS REVOLVER
WAS ACCIDENTALLY DISCHARGED
He Testifies in His Own Behalf That the Weapon Went Off as He
Was About to Fire in the Air and That He Did Not See Maggie
Hartwell or Any One Else on the Street, as It Was Very Dark
THE jury m the case of ex-Police
man Robert G. Wilson, who is
charged with the murder of little
Maggie Hartwell, will retire Mon
day to deliberate upon a verdict.
The prisoner was on the witness stand
yesterday and at the conclusion of his
testimony the defense rested its case.
Wilson's defense, as set out in his tes
timony and in the opening statement of
Judge Ferral. is ignorance of the crime
committed and accident, if the death of
Maggie Hartwell followed from the pistol
shot for which he was held responsible.
He admits that he held the revolver tc
his hand, but says it was discharged ac
cidently and without intention.
The first witnesses of the day were po
lice officials and neighbors of Wilson, who
testified to the good character of the de
fendant. Among them were Captains
John Spillane, Dunleavy. Seymour, Ser
geants Green and Mahoney. Officer
Lynch, Jeremiah Deasy and Edward F.
Smith.
Wilson Takes the Stand.
Robert G. Wilson, the accused, old but
not feeble, gave his testimony with an
undemonstrative sureness. On cross-ex
amination he displayed no signs of nerv
ousness. In fact, he seemed indifferent to
his surroundings, never for a moment los
ing his cold and unconcerned manner.
Ex-Judge Bahrs conducted the direct ex
amination.
"How long did you own that pistol?"
asked Bahrs.
"Since the time I was on the police
force." reolied Wilson.
Then the witness told how he put the
pistol in his pDcket on July 4 some time
during the morning. It was the habit to
make noise with it on the national hoii
•day.
"Did you fire it off on last Fourth of
July?" inquired Bahrs.
"Yes; one shot at the fence," was the
reply.
"Did you show that pistol to any one
that day?"
"Yes; to Miss Johnson. I was sitting
on my porch and Miss Johnson was also
there."
The witness then said he did not raise
his pistol or point it at any one, nor did
he speak to any one.
Defendant Tells of the Shooting.
Continuing his testimony. Wilson said:
"There was one firecracker thrown
through a bush or. tree on to the porch.
The cracker did no harm and did not
worry me at all. This was some time
after 9 o'clock, about a half an hour after
Why is ROYAL
Baking Powder bet-
ter thaoi ».ny otKer ?
Because in its mammoth works a
corps of chemical experts is con-
stantly employed to test every ingre-
dient and supervise every process of
manufacture to injure a product ab-
solutely pure, wholesome and perfect
in every respect.
The most wholesome food and
the most digestible food are made
with Royal Baking Powder.
ROYAL »AXING POWDER CO., 100 WIUIAM ST., HEW YORK.
EX-POLICEMAN ROBERT G. WILSON EXPLAINING TO THE JURY
HOW HIS PISTOL WAS ACCIDENTALLY DISCHARGED ON NIGHT
OF JULY 4, WHEN LITTLE MAGGIE HARTWELL WAS KILLED.
the general shooting ceased. The bonfire
had practically died o.ut and I couldn't
see who threw the fitecraeker."
"Did you suspect any one of throwing
the cracker?" continued the examiner.
"No," was the -reply.
"What did you do then?"
"I walked from the porch dpwn the
alky- to the post and stood with my back
toward it and facing Fifth street."
"Whom did you see?"
"No one: it was too dark."
Wilson then said he had no other object
in going to the alleyway than to see that
the fire was out. He remained there but
a few minutes. "I saw that the street
was .quiet and it was a good time to fire
my pistol off. I was going to fire it in
the air. I took it out and held it in both
hands in front of me and. as I was in
the act of cocking it, it went off. I was
facing tov/ard Fifth street."
"Did you hear any outcry or commo
tion in the street?"
"I did not. I waited a few seconds and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1901.
then walked toward Fifth street and met
Mr. Coleson. I saw no children. I saw
Mrs. Cadanasaw and then walked back
to my house."
"Why didn't you fire the. rest of the
shcts?" questioned Bahrs.
"Just for that reason; that one went
off while I was cocking the gun and I
was afraid the others 'might go off thfi
same way," was the reply.
Explains How Shot Was Fired.
The defendant next told how he re
turned to the basement and put his pistol
away in the cellar. Mrs. Wilson had al
ways objected to him having the pistol
in the house. At this time he had no ink
ling that anybody was hurt.
Wilson's right hand is maimed. The
defense wanted him to tell how it hap
pened, but an objection on the part of
the prosecuting attorney was sustained
and all that Wilson was allowed to do
was to close and shut his hand before
the jury. His left hand is partly para
lyzed.
That ended the direct examination.
Deputy District Attorney Greaney then
took the witness in hand.
"Did you see any one on the street
when you came down from the porch to
the alleyway?" was his first question.
"Yes; in front of Geghen's house," re
plied Wilson.
On direct examination Wilson testified
that the street was quiet. At this point
the pistol used was produced and Wilson
demonstrated to the jury how he ma
nipulated it on th"c night of the shooting.
He showed how, as he testified in direct
examination, the trigger was pulled be
yond the half cock mark and then the
pistol went off. •
"Did you intentionally fire at anybody?"
asked Judfre Ferra!.
"No, sir," responded Wilson.
"That is the testimony of the defense,"
said the defendant's attorney, and then
both parties agreed as to the time to be
taken up by the arguments which will be
begun Monday morning.
Yuen Mo Tai Arraigned.
Yuen Mo Tai, alias Yuen Mow, wes in
structed and arraigned <n Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday on two charges of assault
to murder and the cases were continued
till December 4. He tried to kill Yuen Toy
about six weeks ago and Yuen Ling, his
brother, last Thursday morning, because
he said they had stolen his farm and mur
dered his mother in Chinsr.
Predicts Pleasant Weather.
San Francisco enjoyed very pleasant
Weather yesterday, but the whole interior
of the State north of Tehachapi received
a thorough drenching. The storm whicn
raged all day Thursday has very nearly
subsided, and .calm weather may be ex
pected for a day or two at least. Fore
caster McAdle predicts clear weather for
to-day.
Drunken Mother Jailed.
Annie Irvine, who was arrested Tues
day night on Broadway while in a drunk
en condition and draggh;g her child along
the sidewalk by the heels, was sent to
the County Jail for six months by Judge
Mogan yesterday. The child was sent to
the Mount St. Joseph's Orphan Asylum.
« ¦? «
Something to keep. Wasp's opera num
ber, with names of audiences and por
traits of artiste. •
AGREE ON PLANS
FOR BOND ISSUE
Supervisors Revise Ordi
nances for Public
Improvements.
Seek Advice as to Manner
of Submitting the
Projects.
The Joint Supervisors' Committee on
Judiciary and Public Utilities met yester
day for the purpose of revising the vari
ous declaratory ordinances providing for
the acquisition of public utilities and im
provements, the City Attorney having ad
vised that they were defective.
The first ordinance considered was the
one declaring that public interest de
mands the acquisition of the Tuolumne
River water supply as a municipal sys
tem. As there was a doubt whether the
orumance should be published for five or
fourteen days before final passage, it was
referred to the City Attorney, for a de
cision, as the charter is ambiguous on
the question.
The City Attorney was asked to advise
whether the charter provision requiring
the submission of one public utitlity at a
time to a vote of the people contemplated
that the proposal to issue bonds for
parks, school sites, school buildings,
sewer system and hospital should be made
at separate elections. Also whether each
separate school or square proposed to be
acquired should be voted upon separately
or whether they can be voted under one
blanket project.
The proposition to incorporate the St.
Mary's square plan in the bond issue met
witn some opposition, but it was finally
recommended.
The ordinance for the erection of school
buildings was amended to provide for the
acquisition of six school sites. The Board
of Education's recommendation that a
site be acquired for the Lowell High
School to cost $100,000, that a building be
erected to replace the Madison Primary
School to cost $50,000, and that a building
be erected for a new Polytechnic High
School to cost $150,000 were incorporated
in the ordinance.
Mayor Phelan suggested that the sewer
proposition be cut from $5,600,000 to $2,800,
00, as he feared the bond issue as a whole
might be jeopardized if such large sums
were proposed to be expended. He favor
ed that the issue for the rest of the
money be submitted to the people in five
or six years from now. The committee,
however, decided that the original amount
should stand.
Brandenstein favored $1,000,000 for a hos
pital, but the Board of Works had rec
ommended an expenditure of $500,000 and
no change was made.
Reed's motion that the school projects,
parks, sewer system and hospital be in
corporated on separate bills was adopted.
A representative of the West of Castro
street Improvement Club petitioned that
Twin Peaks be acquired for park pur
poses. He was requested "to ascertain
what the property would cost.
DENNIS O'STJLLIVAN SCOBES
ANOTHER LONDON TRIUMPH
Talented San Franciso Boy Wins
Words of Praise From Critical
English Audience.
The news received from London that
Dennis O' Sullivan, the San Francisco
singer, has given another successful con
cert there and has again won words of
praise from the English critics, is a
source of much pleasure to his friends
here. He gave an Irish song recital in
St. James Hall November 11. at which
with the exception of one number, he
was the whole show. He sang twenty-six
songs, and with his splendid voice, artis
tic method and intelligent interpretation
held the close attention of an enthusi
astic audience to the end. Miss Edith
Ladd, another San Franciscan, also won
favorable opinion as accompanist.
Old Actor Dies in Almshouse.
Hugh Robinson, who was one of the
most popular variety actors in this city
twenty-five years ago, died -'esterday in
the Cfty and County Almshouse. Robin
son came here in the "fifties" and went to
mining, but finally took to the stage.
10 SPECIALS
TAKEN TROM DI'F^RENT
DEPARTMENTS
On Sale To-Day
<JTO OS CHILDREN S ALL -WOOL,
$>>£•!£© LONG AUTOMOBILE COATS.
pretty colors of ' Reds \ and Blues, sizes 2
to 6;' recular price $3 50. .:. ¦
CirS ,f\(T\ For CHILDREN'S LONG AU-
tJ>O»i/Vf TOMOBILE COATS. In Tana, 1
. Reds and Blues, sizes 4 to 10 years; good
!$7 50 value. ' .'• if\ '*'¦"•¦ ' ¦
' drO " C\BZ For the latest . ALBATROSS
«J>«*4^<> SILK EMBROIDERED
:• FRONT - WAISTS, lined - with Taffeta
Silk; something .. entirely : new ; worth | $6.
(fl'iff-, SILK AND WOOL MIXED
STRIPED ALBATROSS
: WAISTS, lined throughout; regular $2 50
¦ -value. , ,•- •';¦ .'.¦ '-. .'.'•» i¦¦ "/•''. ' : '.. ! -': '.:¦.. ' :.'
CO OR TO-DAY ONLY for our regu-
tf>.<6»OOlar ? 5 Taffeta Silk Waists;
. . front, back and sleeves, composed of one
' mass :of ¦ fine .tucks. ' . • -: .'¦- '¦¦'-¦ j
CII CZ.f\ For •". WALKING ,' SKIRTS hof
€pM»Ovr . heavy Meltonette 'in , Gray . and
| Brown mixture; usual $2 50 value. .; : ,  .
' fl> O *7 EC For • ' regular . $4 WALKING
<|)Jr(IUBKIRTS in Black | and Gray
; :¦'¦' Kersey; flare flounce; handsomely tal-
\, lored. ;p"i ; -'-. "¦¦''
<r» Q '•¦¦ CSfk Instead of * $5 ¦ for v DRESS
«j)O«t>Vr SKIRTS of fine Venetian Cloth
, or English t Cheviot, ,: finished with . new
¦ double stitched ¦: flounce, r >:. .'._; ' :', ,^' '¦¦¦¦} ¦"':
A C />4 Instead :of 75c for ¦ DRESSING
~tOv» SACQUES ,• of Wool Eiderdown;
' fitted L back, hand-crocheted ; edge . of Wor-
sted Silk Ribbon Bows . all colors ; sizes
'-32, to 44. VV;.- ;.¦.-, •"'
Q-, Instead of ?1 50 for ALL-WOOL
UOCr I L EIDERDOWN:: SAC-
': QUES large roll collar on band, trim-
- ; mcd '.with Silk ; Cords and '. Frogs. ; 
|Q_ ' : For regular Sac WOMEN' BLACK
lOC' HOSE, fine 'Ribbed, silk finish,
' Hermsdorff dye; only 3 pairs sold to each
-. customer. -/:' • ... .».',. ;
CORSET DAY.
• ¦'*• NEW . CORSET FREE TO ] EACH ¦ CUS-
TOMER if after 30 days' wear : a Corset
.bought of >us Is S not J satisfactory. ¦¦;: ¦*. -\.
Oz-» For our regular Jl 25 MILITARY
: *7C»C» STRAIGHT FRONT V CORSETS,
, in. Thompson's and '¦ R. & : G. makes. *. ;.; r;
"¦«li 1 ¦ (— n J For an UNLINED CORSET,
. «!>¦ 1 •tJ \J , whaleboned i throughout, 5 made
.. of best Italian; Cloth; similar Corsets sell
;s elsewhere : at. $2 50. ; •, . ' , ; ', . ' ; '';.<'v' v ~
' >7=r/-» For 'regular •¦ $1 ¦.: R. &' G. French
, C UV Corsets in 4 or 5; hooks. ', ..
HANDKERCHIEF SALE.
- Opening Sale of I Embroidered and Lace
' Handkerchiefs. Don't : wait for the ,• rush,
: buy, , them ¦ now. .-About 1 500 dozen ; In : all
regular quality. On sale;:.... _ l^n
V.v. .:.'. r,'.. z.:. ...... :¦•• ....•¦ Each : tOW
- BELTS — 45c ? for. 1 ' our *~, regular 75c
straight' front Belts, made :of best f Satin,
¦; trimmed with 15 : neat tucks and latest style
Buckle. • .'".-,.. "':.^'.-:/].-"--\yi':: ¦;'' 'i ]/'¦:'¦
WE'RE OPEN' TO-NIGHT "TILL 11 '
'.-.'.:.¦¦•*. 'O'CLOCK.:^.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. '^
Hales. Hales. 1 ?^tt **_
Perfumery' Day, ;^^^^^^^^\ ¦jf^ksssisss^^'
AndKudnut's, of Course, Comes First. . y^^^^^^^y^^P^^^^^^ . M a^g^i
know of. _ ! Has a clear, strong, penetrat- §P^ **\o& <^'^^^^^
ing odor and which does not evaporate . «- -¦ — — '— '— — - — - — ; —^ -/•¦',"'-*.
as quickly as the ordinary kind. '- O— — ''—— ¦ — — — wi — !—;! — ; : : '. — — — © i
BUHII pen ; To-night
are: . ' *. . ' And every Saturday night till X mas. *-¦¦,''" : .
Essence of Sweet Orchids. " innA IMnw Alnflflhpf Rfink*
Napoleon Violet-Is an original creation. 2000 /YlOre AipiiaDei DOOKS
Zanzibar Lily— The queen among; lilies; \yill be given to 2000 children who visit the toy and doll store (3d floor)
, a few : drops on the handkerchief : will in corr »nany with an' adult. -1
. occasion remark by its attractive oddity, q - - - \ — O
White Iris— From the orris blossom. . mj» ' l*.T % 7 •1 •
a" 1 .'.! " asreeabie chinee ir ° m °" ] More New Veilings.
-d^SoI allev T^' from th " 50c and 7 c a Yard. ;
White Heliotrope-it conveys the exact Stock as fresh and beautiful as last September.
odor of the flower. ,-'.'._- ( .\ - Hale's is the lace to buy veiling.-. Women who have been here don't
Sapho Pink and White s Carnation- need to be told that. They found the stock so bright and broad— not an j^d.
Distinguished by its fresh, sharp, spicy common style in it_and the prices so exceptionably " -.reasonable that jpey
Peau^spaene-One of the fashiona- wilTfeeTwtle 6 lotof energy, enterprise and hard work. It
WOOH viol.* -:./-: ' is e asy enough for any one to get new veiling styles twice a year, but its an-
Wood Violet-America's. favorite. other thing to keep getting them right along. That's why we keep a man in
imperial Russe. , ; -. - .. : the market all the ii m c— an advantage we ask nothing extra for, either.
. But of particular mention is this These at sOc— Chiffon with embroidered 1 These at 75c— Chiffon, with lar?* em-
, ¦>'{}[ , (¦'¦.] and chenille dots, black and white; black broidered rings and diamond dots, black
Yniino* : P^nnlP c / Brussels nets, v plain dotted borders; •_».»?«¦ m »,i+«, «~ v.ia^ir w wf» ,->,.
. ruling eopie S ' white Brussela ' n £ tSi with black chenille lon white white on black white- on
Pprfitmp 'ySLr dots; gray and blue mixed Tuxedo ' royal; plain Tuxedo and Russian
reriume 23C. meshes; silk Tuxedo, with self dots, i meshes; Tuxedo witn velvet, caenille
r.n+oJr.c f™,- t '-L» -4 ' o • , / V' black, white, royal and brown: white ! and self dots; Brussels nets, plain and
Contains four bottles various / odors. Tuxedo, with clusters of chenille dots, i with small chenille dots.
They come put up in a box, as shown in — . ' — "" ~ —
th T p r;e e :!;raLse llt o-da y: ; Sofa Pillows Complete.
2y 2 -oz. "Bottles Girard's Perfume 25c . • • * . * , „.
¦¦; -They:cofne put up in fancy ,boxes, \I( We've.got several hundred of them made yp for^special selling to-day.
' -in bottle* w-tri^l««%«nnirV ' It's the first time we ever heard of a complete pillow being offered. Usually
j'p^Soc-va. • yo-have to^make them yourselves, and it would cost you then $1.57 for the
¦if .-:¦'-- , - „. -- --- materials. Here you get the pillows
nous odors. Those, too, are ; put up • ¦«V-'i'«j " *_ \ ' >»i_ * 41. ma i :— — i
in fancy boxes ' Without Any Charge for the Making
2-oz.' Bottles Quadruple Extract 50c and they're the prettiest lithograph pillows we have, with art ticking backs.
. —Put up in large fancy wicker cover > Around the edge is that swell cord and tassel being used so much now. It
basket ' ' r ' ' , matches the pillow in color. The pillow itself is a 26-inch one, silk floss. Of
f <V" ¦" course if we did not have such a big art department and so many other things
' Buttermilk Toilet there that you want and would buy as soon as you find out we had them, it
, wv wi 11. 1 iv jiruwi , would not pay us to sell these pillows so close, but we want you to come
' Soap 10c. ' here and get acquainted.
Highly perfumed in violet, 3 cakes to The strongest feature up here just now is 7
the box. all for ioc . Ihe Free Art School We Are Conducting:. &
Badger Hair Shaving Brushes 45c Here you learn to embroider, to burn leather or wood, to make pa«er
, And it's real Badger hair, too, with novelties. Professional teachers in each branch will teach you and without *
ebony handle. \ T v'".-'; - cent of expense on your part. Isn't that worth your while to come up and
, : — ¦ ;—; — '[ — ¦; x ' find out more about it? ..¦"",.
i^lliSii Big Pretty Scrap Albums 18c
Something new and delicious — made *-^ m " " ,** «/ Mr * w
expressly for us— lt's the first time Of course this is only a reminder of what we can do for you in scrap-
we have mentioned [it, in the paper— albums. We have got them from ioc up to $1.00, in about every kind of a
: sold five or six big batches last Sat- decoration you can think of. -. • • •- _ ....... . . ,
: nrriav to fnll™ whn hannenpd tn «;p P it These at 18c are worth particular mention. They are the kind most people
urday to folks who .-happened to see it y Covers finished with colored decorations; leaves can be taken out
while in the store-so good, though, . -or added to, as you like lBc .
they couldn t pass it. Now, what a y , _^__^______— — __ — — — - — - —
n^yperboost"' thls llttk French Hair Switches $4.
r^MTJW 'W v Worth Seeing.
VSfcsß^flly j^^* M/ (In Ha ' Dressing and Manicuring Parlors.
¦ /]j/Jgf<3B2m&*9&*&^j££^P And unless you do see them you can get no idea of what an extraordinary
Jfff ~p-<£r — — — '^T^^ switch they are. 22 inches long, with short stem and very best French.
~^-Sr OD OPPOSE ¦ \ hair— as a rule you'd pay four dollars for, second quality hair. "
BERRY PROPERTY
CAUSES TROUBLE
Husband Objects to Wife
Getting San Rafael
House.
The fact that Jessie L. Patton-Berry,
who is suing William F. Berry for di
vorce for desertion, wants the Patton
home in San Rafael given to her is prov
ing a thorn in the side of Judge Hunt,
before whom the divorce sutt is being
tried. Their home is worth about $3500.
Berry, who is an accountant for the
Mercantile Trust Company, is willing to
I pay his wife $50 a month for the support
of their two daughters, but he does not
I want to give up his share of the San Ra
, fael home. Mrs. Berry is equally anxious
! to hold the property, and thinks her hus
band should allow her to keep the home
and also contribute to the support of the
two daughters. The case was submitted
yesterday, but will not be decided by
Judge Hunt until the value of the house
and lot is decided by the disinterested
person appointed by the legal representa
tives of the couple.
L>. A. Shadburne, who is suing for a
dissolution of the bonds of matri
mony uniting him to Anna V.
Shadburne, was ordered by Judge
Hunt yesterday to pay his wife $25 a
month for the support of . the infant
daughter of the couple while the suit is
pending. Shadburne informed the court
when the order was issued that he did
not think he would be able to comply
with the decree of the court, but changed
his mind when Judge Hunt informed him
that unless he paid the amount due for
the month of November before 5 p. m.
to-day he would have to go to jail.
Husband Expresses Himself.
After the order was made Shadburne
followed his wife to the corridor outside
the courtroom and told her in very force
ful language just what he thought of the
court, herself and everybody connected
with the suit.
Shadburne claims he is entitled to an
aunullment because, he alleges, at the
time the lady became Mrs. Shadburne
she was the wife of T. G. Carpenter. Mrs.
Shadburne admits she was married by
contract to Carpenter, but claims she
never was his wife because of the fact
that when the contract was executed Car
penter had a wife living.
George Monnier, who is suing Violet I.
Monnier for divorce for cruelty, told his
story to Judge Hunt yesterday. He testi
fied that his wife threatened to kill him
on three occasions.
Monnier told how his wife attempted
to kill herself by taking poison. She was
only saved, the husband claimed, by the
prompt action of the attaches of the hos
pital to which she was sent. Monnier
also told the court that his wife took one
of the two Monnier children to the ocean
beach and attempted to drown herself
ond tins little one.
Aiinie E. Morris, who was married to
Jeff D. Morris on July 15, 1901, filed a
suit fur divorce yesterday. She claims
that two or three days after she became
Morris' wife he began treating her
cruelly.
Threatened by the Husband.
She alleges he threatened to disjoint her
and cut off her fingers and toes. She
further alleges that on one occasion ha
destroyed her clothing and broke every
plate in the house with a hatchet. Morris
keeps a lodging-house at 6 Central place.
Gr;;ce G. Brooks is suing Robert C.
Brooks for divorce on the ground of >nfi
delity. She says her husband has been
traveling about the country with a wo
man known as Esther Hobbs, Eva Garb
and Esther Kraetzer. The Brooks were
married at Oakland in 1897.
Mrs. Jennie C. Plumber, who runs a
lodging-house at 514 Eddy street, filed a
suit lor divorce yesterday against Wil
liam R. Plumber for failure to provide.
She says she owns all the furniture at
514 Eday street, and secured an order re
straining Plumbei from selling it, as, she
claims, he threatens to do. Mrs. Plumber
alleges that she supports herself and
thr<;t> children and that her husband ds>3s
nothing but interfere with her in the
management of the lodging-house. The
parties were married in 1883.
Judge Murasky yesterday ordered Dr.
Alfred Happersberger, who is being sued
by Euphemia Happersberger for divorce,
STRIKES ENEMY
WITH BLACKJACK
Timothy Killeen Make 3
Murderous Assault on
John F. Donovan.
A murderdus assault was made early
yesterday morning upon John F. Dono
van, a bartender living at 519 Jessie
street, while he was asleep in a chair in
a saloon on Market street.
Donovan was twice struck on the
head with a blackjack, and while it is
thought that his skull is fractured there
is said to be no danger of fatal result.
Timothy Killeen, an ironmolder living
at 540 Howard street, Special Officer
James Murphy, who is attached to the
Thalia dance hall, and John O'Brien vis
ited the saloon shortly before 3 o'clock
yesterday morning and ordered drinks.
Killeen saw Donovan asleep on a chair
and at once attacked him with a black
jack, striking him two vicious blows on
the head. 1 red Krucker, who conducts
the cigar stand in front of the saloon,
seized a club and ran to Donovan's assist
ance. Special Murphy thereupon drew
his club and dared Krucker to interfere.
Murphy was asked to arrest Killeen but
refused. Donovan, after the second blow,
kicked Killeen and his hat fell off.
Killeen ran out of the saloon and Mur
phy picked up the hat and went after him
with it. Six witnesses saw the assault by
Killeen upon Donovan.
Policeman Beach was notified and he
sent Donovan to the Receiving Hospital,
where two ugly wounds in his scalp were
dressed. The surgeons thought there
might be a fracture of the skull, but were
not positive. About an hour after the
assault Beach and Officer Murphy arreat
ed Killeen in a saloon on Second street
and booked him on a charge of assault to
murder. They also arrested Special Mur
phy and O'Brien. When O'Brien was
searched a blackjack, brass Knuckles and
club were found in his pockets and he
was booked on a charge of carrying con
cealed weapons.
Murphy was locked up \m "the tanks,"
but yesterday afternoon rre was booked
on a charge of refusing to make an ar
rest. His star will be taken from him.
The trouble between Killeen and Dono
van started Sunday night in the saloon
at 44 Second street, where Donovan was
employed as a bartender. There was a
dispute about drinks between them and
a fight ensued, during which Donovan
struck Killeen on the forehead with a
bungstarter, knocking him out. When
Killeen recovered Donovan had disap
peared and Killeen threatened to get even
with him at the first opportunity. Dono
van was afraid to return to the saloon.
REFUSED TO ACCEPT
HALF-FARE TICKET
Putter-Street Railway Company Sued
by Pupil Who Tendered the »
Coupon.
Suit was filed yesterday in the Justice's
Court against the Sutter-street Railway
Company for $299 damages by Cora Otis,
through her guardian and father, James
Otis. The complaint alleges that the
company issued to the plaintiff a book
of half-fare school tickets for transporta
tion to Miss West's School on school days
during October. The complaint says:
On returning from school on October 7 plain
tiff got on a Paclflc-avenue car and tendered
her school ticket to the conductor, who, in a
loud and boisterous manner, refused to take
the coupon and demanded that she pay her
fare in cash.
Plaintiff told the conductor she had no money
and he stopped the car with the avowed pur
pose of putting Cora oft when a lady passenger
took pity on her distressed condition and paid
her fare.
to pay h' wife $80 per month alimony
while the suit Is pending.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Margaret H. Ferguson against Theo
dore Ferguson for cruelty, William How
ell against Clara Howell for desertion,
Joseph A. Simma against Marie J Sim
ma for cruelty and Emma Wolfe against
Edwin Wolfe for failure to provide
The name la a guaranty of it* parity— Jesae
Moore Whiskey la always right •
|^^j K)BißH,lim Jam Mhl 'jwPW
lIP
pip— N Mg^g bhSb vsL Mr ¦¦H^ji
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane SUGAR, 23 lbs. .$lOO
Extra dry. Spreckels' best. -
LENNOX SOAP, 8 cakes. . . .' .25c
- - Special Request.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1-Ib can. . .40c
I Reg. 45c. - .
Choice POINT REYES PUTTER, square. .37^c
One Square, 40c ; 2 Squares, 75c. Rej. 45c.
FINEST CREAMERY, Onr'Special, square. 45c
Reg. 55c. :
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 25c
Reg. 35c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen «c f
Reg. 50c
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans... 25c
Reg. 10c can. ¦'
Cream Pure Rye WHISKEY, full quart 11.00
Reg. $125. "
Mo; ha and Java, Our Best COFFEE, 11). .25c
Again we give our friends a chance tc \e*
our Best Coffee. Reg. 35c.
TOMATOES (Columbus Brand), 4 cans.. .25c
Tomatoes, Saturday Only. .
KIPPERED HERRING, large can . * .... 20c
Special Request. Reg. *5c
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds, 1b.. . . 40c
Reg. 60c and 75c lb.
, KEROSENE STAR OIL, 5-gallon can. . .$1.05
10c allowed for empty can. Re» $1 25.
OLD KENTUCKY WHISKEY, gallon. $2 50
NEW WHITE ; BEANS, 6 lbs . 25c
Reg. 4 lbs. 25c. > .
ZINFANDEL' and CLARET, stone jug, gal.7sc
8 Tears Old. Reg. n 00.
POTATOES, Choice Burbanks, box. . . .$1.45
Best Salinas. Reg.* $1 73.
BROMANGELON, Dessert Jelly, pkg. . . ,10c
MW,*LARGB FRENCH PRUNES, 5 Ibs.2sc
NEW, LARGE FRENCH PRUNES. 5 lbs. 2sc
_ Choice. Santa Clara. Reg. ' 3 lbs Me.
OUR " COUNTRY: CUSTOMERS
|e% t^^^X?ge th w?? h ;W^ 1^
pr\ce r ?is?l£r dln * * Ask for m ™^"
1348-1334 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
TBI \_ I I
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Most effective, agreeable and
reliable Tonic Stimulant when
fatigued or overworked.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR TUB HOLIDAYS,
Novelties— of them im-
ported—all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKER RRQS. f OMPANY
.' OF CALIFORNIA- "
Market and Tenth St«.
®DR. MEYERS & CO.
-SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. #on-
sultation and prfvat»»x>*
free at office or by mUU
Cures ; niaranteed.
> TO MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CXX.