SAN FRANCrSCO; .WEDNESDAY, MAY 29; 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 180.
Collection of Tax on
Goods Sent to Our
New Possessions
Supreme Court to
Decide the Question
Business Men Fear
Danger Threatens
Coast Commerce —
Philippines Offer
Hard Tariff Problems
AMERICAN industries will bs in
danger, declare San Francisco
business men,' if the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United
States in the Porto Rico cases
are applied to importations from the
Philippines. President George A. New
hall of the Cakmber of Commerce says
that all commercial bodies on the Pacific
Coast will undoubtedly seek legislation by
Congress if they find the Interests of ten
coast or of the United States menaced.
The hope of the business community of
San Francisco appears to be that the
Treasury Department will continue to col
lect duties on all dutiable Imports from
the Philippines until Congress can meet
and adopt the necessary protective tariff.
This morning The Call presents tht.
views of San Francisco merchants and
also an important interview with Frank
lin Brooks, correspondent at Manila of
the Associated Press and the .founder of
The American, a newspaper published
. there. Mr. Brooks furnishes interesting
facts concerning conditions in the Philip
pines, which are not commonly known
even by f the merchants doing business
with the islands. For the present Collect
cr of the Port Ptratton will collect duties
on Philippine importations under the
\\Yar Department tariff.
Local Considerations.
The Immediate result of the application
MOST IMPORTANT TARIFF PROBLEMS BE SOLVED
RELATING TO PORTO AND THE
PHILIPPINES REMAIN TO BE SOLVED
former attorney gener- '"
al and members of j cabi
m net who congratulate
. . him.- :;-.: ¦ ' '-¦ ¦.¦••¦ \, ¦;, ; . -• ,- , . ¦
Continued on Second Paz%'
Continued oh Second Pagre.
2TEW NAME IS SELECTED
FOB UNITED RAILROADS
St. Louis and San Francisco to Be tha
Designation of Consolidated
System.
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. May 2S.— It Is an
nounced that the consolidation on July 1
of the Kansas City, Fort Scott and Mem
phis and Frisco railways will mark the
complete effaeement of the former road.
The new property will. It is stated, be
styled the St. Louis and San Francisco.
It was reiterated to-day on grood author
ity that the executive officials of the am
plified Frisco system will be:, B. F. Ya
kun. president; B. L. Winchell, vice pres
ident, and A. S. Dodge, traffic manager.
Officials below these axe being weighed in
the balance and the fate of many of them
yet remains to be decided. The first ef
fective etep toward actual consolidation
of the two systems will be taken at .once
"*»*¦ the abandoning of superfluous trains.
sion and exercise control over, the Philip
pines as we did over Porto Rico. •¦ A spe
cial resolution adopted with reference to
the . Philippines shows that the Govern
ment never intends to treat the Philip
pines as part of the domestic' territory of
the»United States, and 1 believe that the
court will so hold."- . '
HAVANA MEN" NOT SURPRISED.
Merchants of Cuba Look TJpbn Porto
Rico as a Rival.
HAVANA, May '28.— Havana merchants
were not surprised -by the decision of the
United, States 'Supreme /Court in the in
sular cases. Porto Rico Is not looked upon
here; as a dangerous rival, but there Is
fear that the court may give a" similar de
cision with regard to' the Philippines. . -
The .merchants seem confident that the
United ] States- "will make a '., reciprocity
treaty with Cuba: ¦
UPHOLDS : THE PRESIDENT.
Supreme Court's Action Commented
On. by Representative Men.
COLORADO. SPRINGS. Col., Mav 2S.—
Secretary 1 of the Navy Lone and^Eerialor
McMillan of Michigan, who", are in the
city , were interviewed upon the ' decision
of the Supreme Court upon the Insular
cases terminated yesterday. Following
are their opinions: ; ; \^ '. :• : : , •
SECRETARY LONG— It establishes
ing of the law.
Contention of the Government.
The Government contention Is that this
tax is not an export tax, for the reason
that Its collection is not incident to the
shipping of goods out of the United
States, but Is Incident to their shipment
into Porto Rico. It is contended by the
Department of Justice that the Supreme
Court in the case # of Woodruff against
I'arham defined exports to be articles
shipped from the United States to some
foreign port, and it Is pointed out that in
the De Lima case the court has just held
that' Porto Rico is not foreign, but that it
is domestic territory. It is contended that
the tax on imports into Porto Rico Is im
posed not under the power of Congress to
regulate commerce between several States
and with foreign countries but under the
power to prescribe all needful rules and
regulations respecting territory of the
United States, and that its purpose is to
raise revenues for Porto Rico.
Bearing ' on the Philippines.
The importance of this question would
not be great if nothing depended upon
It, except the validity of taxes collected
in Porto'RIco during the short time which
the Porto Rlcan tariff has to run before
It expires by limitation, but upon the de
cision of the court will depend the power
of Congress to enact legislation for. tho
collection of customs taxes in the Philip
pines on goods shipped from the United
States. Serious complications might fol
low a decision that such taxes would not
be valid, as the treaty, of peace provides
ant bearing on the question of what Is
an export tax. The Solicitor. General to
day obtained leave to file a petition for a
rehearing In the case K of Fairbanks
against the United States, which is the
case in which the court decided that an
internal revenue stamp on an export bill
of lading was a tax on exports and was
unconstitutional. ' .
It has been the general belief that a de
cision in the case of fourteen diamond
rings, Emil Pepke claimant, which in
volves the question of the validity of du
ties collected on Imports into the. United
States from the Philippines, would follow
the decision in the De Lima case and that
the court would hold that the duties were
wrongfully collected. . '
Solicitor General Is Hopeful.
Solicitor General Richards, however,
does not think that It necessarily follows
that the fourteen diamond rings case will
be decided against; the Government. Ho
said- to-night: "The Government ought
to and I have \ no doubt will go on .col
lecting duties on Imports from the Philip
pines as heretofore. I do not consider
that the decision in the Porto ;Rlcan case
in sny way controls : the .'decision of the
Philippines case, v; If; think , that - it ., Is
distinct. The status of the Philippines af
ter thetreaty of peace was distinct from
that of Porto Rico, both because of the res
olutions which were adopted with refer
ence particularly to the Philippines at the
time of the ratification of; the treaty, and
during the last session, and also because
of the fact that we did; not take posses-
the power of Congress to legislate
for the Territories and the new
j insular possessions. I do not care
to discuss it further.
SENATOR McMILLAN— I anticipat
ed the decision and like all other
good Republicans, am well pleased
with it. It is" good for the coun
try. The decision will enable Pres
ident Mckinley's plans to be car-
ried out now and in the future. \
CLEVELAND, May 28.— Senator M. A.
Hanna said to-day that the Suoreme
Court decisions in the insular cases would
greatly help In solving the government of
the islands.- He was. asked If he thought
the decision was entirely satisfactory
from the'standpoint of the administration.
SENATOR HAMA-I cannot j speak
for the administration— only , for
myself. Speaking for myself, 1
think . I . am satisfied with the de
cision, at least so far. as I hava
read it.
RETROGRESSION, NOT PROGRESS
Peculiar Comment of London News
Upon the Decisions.
LONDON. May 29.— The ¦ Daily News.
which comments upon' the decisions of the
United * States - Supreme Court • in the ¦ in
sular cases as "perhaps the most momen
tous which this tribunal was ever called
upon ¦ to" make," .regards them ¦ as. a "cu
rious 'issue^to 120 years of triumphant de
mocracy ,"'and says:
"It is' not^ progress, but retrogression;
not the'; advancement, of humanity, but
to the Philippine Islands of the principles
laid down in the Porto Rico cases was the
theme most discussed by business men
yesterday. The leading question naturally
w"as concerning the effect that the deci
sions would have upon the business of the
Pacific Coast. The dutiable imports from
Manila to this port are small, while tha
exports to the Philippines are. large,
amounting to from $50,000 to $70,000 per
month, exclusive of the supplies for the
army abroad. Mr. Brooks thinks that
natural conditions, coupled with a short
age of tonnage on the Pacific Coast. are.
sufficient to | prevent the Importation of
any great volume of Philippine products
for the present, even If the existing Phil
ippine tariff should be set aside by r?»3on
of the Porto. Rico cases.
Manila rope, which last year,represent
ed a value in the list of imports to this
port of. $465,771; came duty free. Tobacco,
sugar, coffee and copra are the other
leading articles of export from the Phlllp
pinesJ They did not figure very heavily
last year ¦ at this port. Auditor i Cope o*
the Custom-house has furnished The Call
with figures relating to the value of dutia
ble good3 Imported to this port during the
year 1900. By months the "totals were &3
follows: $497, February $1730,
March $1192, April $1312. May $336, Jur.a
$790, July $602. August $813. September 5205,'
October $194, December $292. .
Will Collect Duties.
The tariff - has kept out the dutiable
products of the. Philippines almost entire
ly,' as appears from these figures, but
there are possibilities to which opening
the tariff door would give rise, and this Is
the phase of the matter that has aroused
public interest. Interviews indicate that
DUTIES ARE STILL COLLECTED.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W.. WASHINGTON, May 2S.
"Wc will go right along collecting duties on' imports from the Phil
ippines," said Secretary Gage to-day. "The Supreme Court has not
decided that we cannot collect duties on Imports from the Philip-
pine?, and until such -decision Is rendered we will continue to collect
duties just as we have been doing. Importers can file their protests with
each payment of duty, and if the court finally decides that we had no right
to collect taxes the money will have to be refunded." .
Assistant Secretary Spauldlng, who has direct charge of all matters re
lating to customs, 'said to-day that he could not as yet say how much the
United States would have to refund under the decisions of the Supreme
Court. He sfcid about $2,000,000 had been collected ln duties on Imports from
the Philippines after the ratification of the treaty of peace and before the
enactment of ,the.Foraker law, but only those payments which had been made
under protest would have to be refunded, and there were no figures of the
department showing how many were paid under protest. He said he had
asked the Bureau of Statistics to furnish him with, a statement of the
amounts that had been collected on Imports from the and from
Hawaii, but had not yet received the figures. '
TsiV J3T ERCHANTS who deal In tobacco see danger in setting 1 aside the
"tvL/% tariff duties- which now shut out the product of the cigar factories
I Igf H of Manila from the States. Cheap labor is ' operating in the Phillp-
X T A. pine Islands. If the Treasury Department adheres to its present
determination to proceed as heretofore under the existing tariff for
a season, time may be gained for Congress to meet and take ac
tion-looking toward the protection of those who have their capital invested ln
this country. A case directly affecting the Philippines cannot be brought
before' the Supreme Court of the United States within a period of several
months.
MERCHANTS SEE DANGER AHEAD.
SAYS HE FAIRLY EARNED
THE COIN HE RECEIVED
Former Captain Cyril King Testifies
About the Alleged Bribe
Given to Him.
MOBILE, Ala., May 28.— Former Captain
and Quartermaster Cyril W. King was on
the stand in the United States District
Court to-day in his own defense against
the charge of accepting a bribe from Con
tractor Hobsoii. His testimony was in ef
fect that Hobson was greatly behind in
his contract work at Fort Morgan, and
unless helped would fall. King and Hob
son agreed that the margin of loss was
between $6000 and $8000, and that if King
would give Hobson his personal services
in helping him complete the contract
Hobson would give him $3000, or one-half
the minimum amount at stake. King
said he performed numerous services for
Hobson and boiieved he fairly earned the
monpy paid him by Hobson.
Tramps Kill a Policeman's Son..
. CARROLLTON, Mo., May 28.— Charles
McKinney, a son of Policeman McKinney,
was shot and killed at 2 o'clock this morn
ing while assisting his father to arrest a
gang of tramps. Three of the gang were
arrested and placed In jail. A half-dozen
others escaped and were pursued by the
Sheriff and a posse to a point three miles
south of Carrollton, where they were sur
rounded. Here a lively fight ensued, the
tramps exchanging shots with the posse.
Two of the tramps were rounded up, but
not before the Sheriff's horse was shot
from under him. The others escaped to
the woods.
Court Upheld in murderer's Case.
WASHINGTON. May 28.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day affirmed the
judgment of the Supreme Court for the
State of Washington ln the case , of
Charles Nordstrom, under sentence of
death on the charge of murder committed
In that State, and directed that the man
date be Issued at once. The case has be
come well known by reason of the fact
that Nordstrom's death sentence has been
postponed for nine years by reason of le
gal complications.
German Editor Fears America.
VIENNA. May 28.— The Neuste Weiner
Tageblatt in the course of an article ad
vocating the formation of a European
customs league against the United States
sayc:
"America is the common enemy of all,
an enemy so formidable that each Euro
pean country must succumb unless
leagued with the rest of Europe. Even
united, Europe will have a hard fight."
Servia's Throne for Montenegro.
LONDON. May 28.— "A report is current
here," says the Odessa correspondent of
the Standard, "on apparently good
authority that King Alexander of Servia
has declared to Russia his readiness,
should he have no heir, to bequeath the
Servian throne to Prince Danilo of Monte
negro, leaving the future to decide the
question of uniting Servia and Montenegro
under the same crown." "
that for ten years Spanish ships and
Spanish goods shall be admitted to ports
of the- Philippines on the same terms as
ships and goods from the United States.
The Department of Justice may succeed
in getting some additional arguments, be
fore the court which will have an import-
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 2S.-De
cisions were not announced to-day
in the remaining insular cases, the
fourteen diamond rings case, in
volving the validity of duties collected in
the Philippines subsequent to the ratifi
cation of the treaty of peace, and the sec
ond Dooley case, Involving the validity of
duties . collected in Porto Rica undsr . th?
Porto -Rican act. . .
There Is little difference of opinion
among officials of the administration as
to what the decision will-.be in the Dooley
case. It Is believed that the court will
follow its reasoning in y the Downes case
and will hold that the tax on Imports into
Porte Rico la one which it was within the
power ©f Congress to Impose for the pur
pose of raising revenue for the island.
Eminent lawyers outside of administra
tion circles, however, are not confident
that this will be the decision. The point
was raised by counsel in this case that
this tax was really a tax on exports from
the United States and that it comes with
in that provision of the constitution which
prohibits the -laying of a tax on exporta
tions from any State. It was argued that
it made no difference that the tax was
actually collected in Porto Rico on the ar
rival of goods there and was not collected
at the time of their departure from a port
in the United States, but that it was nev
ertheless a. tax imposed .by Congress on
goods shipped out of the United States
and was an export tax within the meah-
LONDON, May 2$.— "The Boxers are
again active in all districts where there
are no foreign troops." says a dispatch to
the Standard from Tientsin, dated May 27.
"Yesterday a missionary who was going
to Tulu on the grand canal was forced to
return to Tientsin on account of a fierce
fight raging between Boxers and Catholic
converts. There was heavy firing on both
sides."
"Four thousand Insurgents from the
province of Kwaichau have Invaded the
province of Szechaun," says the Shanghai
correspondent of the. Standard, wiring
yesterday, "causing a widespread panic.
It is said that 3000 Tunnanese are about
to join them."
Agrees to British Proposal.
Dr. Morrison, wiring to the Times from
Peking, says: "M. de Giers has announced
that Russia agrees to the formation of a
¦mixed commission, such as is proviaed for
in the British proposal. It Is expected
that Russia will also agree to Great Brit
ain's indemnity proposals. Count von
Waldersee has written to the Ministers of
the powers proposing that the provisional
croverninent of Tientsin shall continue un
til the last troops have been withdrawn,
tut the Ministers are generally ln favor of
permitting China to resume the govern
•xnent forthwith."
French Storm Walled Town.
A Paris special says: A dispatch re
«celvefi here from General Voyron at Tien
tsin, dated May £6, says that a reconnol
terlng party came upon a walled town fif
¦teen kilometers northeast of Tingchau.
The town authorities refused to open the
gates, whereupon the French artillery
.opened fire. The wall was breached and
the town taken- One French infantryman
•was wounded. General Bailloud is scour
"ing the country with a column of French .
:troops and is supporting the Chinese regu- ,
lars.
A Berlin special says: The German
press, without exception, comments in.
Terms of approval upon the news that
; Emperor William has ordered Count von
Waldersee and the German troops to re
turn home.
The reports that negotiations are in
progress between the Cabinets of the pow
ers with reference to' a joint appointment
of a commander of the troops of the allies
remaining in China are semi-ofiicially con
f.rmed. The Lokal Anzeiger says that it
hears that Count von Waldersee's suc
cessor will probably be a Frenchman.
America May Bs Left Out.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X.
XV., WASHINGTON. May 28.— If the
United States declines to join in an inter
national guarantee of the Chinese loan to
be raised to pay the indemnity it may be
thai Continental Europe will determine to
pledpe its credit without reference to the
attitude of this Government. The effect
of such action would be to place the
United States outside of the concert, only,
however, with respect to this one point.
The authorities have no fear that this -will
be the outcome of the discussion, though
they understand that a movement of this
kind will be attempted if the President
persists in the attitude that the Chinese
Government issue bonds bearing 3 per
< cent interest, to be disposed of as each
; nation receiving them sees fit. In view
of the comparatively small amount of the
( American indemnity— $25,000,000— the offi
cials say Jt would be manifestly absurd
for the United States to pledge Its credit
to pay, ln case of default, the sum of
. $212,000,000, all of which Is to go into the
coffers of other nations.
Regard for Von Waldersee.
In his reply to the German announce
ment of withdrawal of Field Marshal von
Waldersee, Acting Secretary of State Hill
expressed the satisfaction of this Govern
ment with Germany's decision. Having
withdrawn its troops from China, with
the exception of a email legation guard,
this Government thereby expressed its
View with rpgard to further military occu
pation of China. Acting Secretary Hill
took occasion to express the high personal
respect and esteem with which Field Mar
shal von Waldersee was regarded by the
officers of the United States in China and
their appreciation of the personal cour
tesies which he had extended to them. •
United States May Be Left Out of
Concert of Powers on the In
demnity Question.
Insurgents Also Invade a
Province and Cause a
"Wild Panic.
Fiercely Fight a Brave
Band of Catholic
Converts.
BOXERS RENEW
WARLIKE ACTS
ON THE CANAL
BERLIN. May 28.— Special dispatches
from St. Petersburg assert that Dr. Hen
drick Muller and Dr. Leyds, representing
the Boer republics, have appealed formal
ly to The Hague arbitration court, prom
ising to abide by the decision of the tri
bunal regarding the issues involved in the
South African war and pointing out that
several of the paragraphs of the constitu
tion of the arbitration court signed by the
powers represented at the peace confer
ence bear directly upon the South African
case.
The Berlin papers to-night express the
opinion that it is quite possible Great
Britain would now submit the issues to
the decision of the court.
Invaders Are Checked.
CAPE TOWN, May 2S-— The dash of
Kritslnger's invaders of Cape Colony to
the south was ' checked at Vandoesberg
by the swift movement of Gorringer's and
other columns. The invaders, finding their
way barred, swerved to the northeast, to
ward Cloethe. The continued capture of
horses by the British is appreciably im
pairing the Boers' mobility.
General Schoeman Killed.
PRETORIA, May 28.— The Boer General
Schoeman and his daughter have been
killed and his wife and two others have
been badly injured by the explosion of a
shell. General Schoeman, his family and
some friends were examining a 4.7-inch
lyddite shell, which they kept in the house
as a curiosity, the shell exploded,
killing the general on the spot and mor
tally wounding his daughter and severely
injuring his wife and two other persons.
General Schoeman was a great Kruger
ite. He led the ccmmando.of t Colesburg
and surrendered on* the occupation "of Pre
toria. He was afterward captured by the
Boers and released when the British occu
pied Barberton. The general then went
on a peace mission, was retaken by the
British and was again released when the
British occupied Pietersburg. Since that
time General Schoeman has resided in
Pretoria.
General Schoemnn,a Noted Krugerite,
Killed by Explosion of a Lyd
dite Shell.
Willing to Abide by De
cision of The Hague
Court.
It Is Possible That Great
Britain May Agree to
the Plan.
BOERS MAKE
APPEAL FOR
ARBITRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.GRIGGS IS COITGRATTTLATEI)
EOONE, Iowa, May 2S.-^"he members ot
the Cabinet abandoned fne Presidential
train and united in a telegram to former
Attorney General Grlggs, congratulating
him. upon the action of the Supreme Court
in sustaining the able argument he mado
before the court. The telegram said that
the decision of . the court in hla favor
would " _partly compensate- him" for the
months of bard work he devoted to tho
preparation of the case. It was signed by
Secretaries Hay. Wilson and Hitchcock
and Postmaster General Smith.
United States Circuit Judges Gilbert,
Morrow and Ross were conirratulated by
their friends yesterday upon the decision
of the United States Supreme Court in
the Porto Rico and Philippine casea, be
cause that decision Indorsed a decision
handed down by the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals for this circuit on
February 20, 1898. The decision was writ
ten by Judge Morrow and was in the case
of the United States against Endleman,
who was charged with selling liquor to
Indians. Endleman set up the Issue that
the constitution was confined to the
United States proper and that the criminal
laws did not extend Into the Territories.
Judge Morrow in his opinion held that
Congress had full, legislative power over
the Territories unrestricted by the limita
tions of the constitution. 2X> '-
The opinion goes on to" say:
In support of the first ground of demurrer
It Is contended that the law upon which the
prosecution is based la unconstitutional be
cause among other things the Government of
the United States can exercise only \ those
specific powers conferred upon It by the consti
tution. • • • The answer to this and other
like objections urxed in the brief ot counsel for
defendant is found In the now -well established
doctrine that the Territories of the United
States are entirely subject to the legislative
authority of Congress. They are not organized
under the constitution, nor subject to its
complex distribution of the powers of govern-'
ment as the organic, but are the creation ex
clusively of the legislative department and sub
ject to its supervision and control. The United
States, having rightfully acquired the Terri
tories and being the only Government which
can Impose laws upon them, has the entire
dominance of sovereignty, national, municipal.
Federal and State. ¦ • • • Congress may legis
late In accordance with the special needs of
each locality and vary Its regulations to meet
the conditions and circumstances of the peo
ple. • • • In a Territory all the functions
of government are within the legislative Juris
diction of Congress and may be exercised
through the local government or directly by
such legislation as we have now under con
sideration. ,-'«S.'
FEDERAL JUDGES
' CONGRATULATED
LONDON, May 28.— A sensational mtir
der and case of mutilation has occurred
in a low lodging house in'Dorsel street,
Whitechapel. close to the scene of the
"Jack the Ripper" murders of 1883. The
victim, a woman named Annie Austin, 2S
years of age, was found dying In a bed
room on Sunday - morning and was re
moved to a hospital, where she died.
. The murderer escaped and the police
were not notified of the crime until early
yesterday. The murderer's long start and
the total lack of a description of him ren
ders his apprehension unlikely.
The wounds on the lower part of tho
victim's body are too revolting for de
scription. The woman was conscious
when found, but died without making a
statement. The police are .apprehensive
of further outrages and a panic has been
created In the neighborhood. •
Sensational Murder Is
Committed in White
chapel.
Woman Found Dying From a
Number of .Terrible
Wounds.
"RIPPER" AGAIN
ALARMS LONDON
THE eighth annual convention of
the California Bankers' Asso
ciation will be held in San Jose
to-morrow, Friday and Satur
day. The address of welcome
will be delivered by Hon. J. R. Lewis of
the Bank of San Jose, and the response .
will be delivered by Lovell White of the 1
the sessions of the convention.
Tho officers of the association are
President, C, Altschul; vice president, J
M. Elliot; treasurer, G. W. Kline;. secre
tarv, R. M. Welch; executive council-
Frank Miller, chairman; J. E. Baker, 1
S. Hawkins, I. Steinhart. W.- A. Hale, C
W. Bush, A. H. R. Schmidt, J. R. Rylam
and E. P. Foster.
San Francisco Savings Union. An ad
dress by the president of the association,
C. Altschul, and the reading of the re
ports of the Executive Council, the
treasurer and secretary will follow.
Henry Brunner of the Germanla Trupt
Company of San Francisco will contrib
ute a paper on "Some Essentials of the
Modern Corporation," C. W. Bush of the
Discusses Insular Decisions With
CONSIDEEED.BYTHE PRESIDENT
Members of the Cabinet.
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, May 28.—Dur
ing their, journey across Iowa President
McKinley and the members, of his Cab
inet spent much of their time reading and
discussing the published reports of 'the
opinions of the Supreme Court in the In
sular cases. They were much interested
in the way the court divided In the two
ca«es The decision in the De Lima case,
if followed in the Philippines, as It Is as
sumed it will be, might result in the call
ing of an extra session of Congress. In
the De Lima case the court decided that
the duties collected on Porto Rican goods
before Congress enacted the Foraker law
were illegal and must be refunded. It is
presumed that the court, following the
same lines of reasoning, will decide that the
duties collected on goods from the Philip
pines were also illegal and that goods
from the Philippines are subject to free
entry into the United states until Con
gress acts, as it has already done in the
case of Porto Rico. - Such a decision would
mean not only the refunding of duties
heretofore collected, but would open the
ports of the United States to merchandise
and goods of every description from the
Philippines until Congress meets In De
cember. . -It is palpable that importers
might take 'advantage " of this to ship
goods into the United. States through the
Philippines and thus defraud the Gov
ernment of its ¦ revenues. ; "Whether-- the
danger from this source Is great enough
to warrant the calling of Congress In ex
tra session is one which will be decided
only after full deliberation. It is possi
ble* however.- that this danger may have
been already obviated in the enactment
of the Spooner resolution delegating tem
porarily to the President the power to
govern the Philippines. This may be con
sidered an act of . Congress within the
meaning of. the Downes case, affirming
the constitutionality of the. Foraker law.
But it is a delicate question and one
which the President and his advisers will
consider in all its bearingB before coming
to a conclusion. The members of the
Cabinet decline to discuss the subject for
publication. t '.:. . *
PITTSBURG, May 28.— Attorneys to-day
filed a bill In equity, for William W. Black
burn, secretary of the Carnegie Company,
in his capacity of trustee for the Carnegie
Company against Andrew M. Moreland,
president of the Moreland Trust Company
and former secretary and trustee of the
Carnegie Company, in which Blackburn
names the Carnegie Company as code
fendant, and seeks to secure the transfer
and control* of Carnegie Company stock
of the value of $2,376,000, acquired by
Moreland when he held the Carnegie Com
pany trusteeship, and which stock he now
holds and has j refused to transfer unless
he is paid a half million dollars claimed
as compensation for - services as trustee.
The stock which Blackburn alleges is
unlawfully held . by Moreland is part of
the $3,200,000 of the- capital stock of the
Carnegie Company at the time of Its in
corporation for the benefit of deserving
employes and officials of .the company.
The bill of • Blackburn shows that tho
stockholders of the Carnegie. Company en
tered into an agreement to set aside 2 per
cent of each individual's holdings to en
able the employes and officers who were
not stockholders to acquire an interest In
the company, following out- the plan of
stock distribution which Andrew Carnegie
had made a feature of the business in
past years, in. which manner many of the
incorporators of the- Carnegie Company
secured their interests. 1 .
Moreland's right to commission for his
services as trustee is | denied because he
was an officer of the company and when
the stock was placed- In his custody he
was simply acting in.the line of his duty
as secretary, as his predecessor in the
Carnegie Steel Company had done. It is
averred that since his retirement as sec
retary his principal work In connection
with the stock has been in preventing its
transfer to his successor and in obtain
ing for himself and others the shares of
reserved stock. - Blackburn asks for an
Injunction restraining Moreland from
transferring the stock of the company to
any other persons than the plaintiff.
Services.
Andrew Moreland Refuses to
Deliver Until Paid for
Blackburn of the Car
negie Company Be
gins Suit.
DEMANDS STOCK
WORTH MILLIONS
CUSTOMS COLLECTOR STRATTON says that while he. has not been,
nptlfied officially of the decisions of . the Supreme Court-'of the United
States in the Porto Rico case, he will continue to collect on dutiable
. articles from the Philippine Islands unde'r the 'existing tariff. No ves
sels are due at this time from tho Philippines, so in the absence of
official notification no complications can result. .'The repayment of duties
heretofore received will only be made where Jegal protest has been filed
within ten days after the original payment of such duties. There are not
many, cases that fall within this-' decision. Soldiers and officers are principally
concerned in such instances. .... ' ¦_:'- ':-.
DUTIES ARE TO BE COLLECTED.
that disheartening product of our times—
the militarism of a democracy. We ven
ture to think that the f ramers of the
United States constitution would have
laughed at the -possibility of such a de
velopment as incredible.
"The decisions have extricated President
McKinley from an .uncommonly awkward
position, but it is a lamentable, headlong
fall in the moral scale and a turning ' of
a back on that which has been the special
glory and distinction of the United States
in order to Join In the barbaric scramble
for the waste places «ofj the earth." '.
WAE DEPABTMENT AT WORK.
Will Soon Promulgate a . Tariff for
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, May< 28.— Interest, in
the Supreme Court decisions centered at
the War Department to-day and efforts
were made to ascertain the " intention - of
the department regarding the Philippines,
as they are under the department's con
trol. Secretary Root, would, express no
opinion,' saying that he .had. not yet -the
Continued from First Page.
nila cigars,' said Mr. Payot, "as can be
found, and the best are equal to the best
Havanas." -
Herman Heyneman, the Pacific Coast
representative of the American Tobacco
Company, said that Manila cigars would
not go In the United States. The flavor
was not liked by Americans. The only
competition would be in the very cheap
cigars. He did not think they could win,
because in early days, cheap Manila
cigars could not hold their own 'on the
Pacific Coast against cheap and Inferior
German cigars. •
President A. A. Watkins, of the San
"Francisco Board of Trade, said he was
not prepared to express an opinion con
cerning the effect the decision might
have on the Pacific Coast. He was think
ing it over. >.
Andrea Sbarbaro. president of the Man
ufacturers' - and Producers' 'Association,
said: ?. :•'
"The decision is. so complicated, that it
takes a lawyer to make it out. To my
mini] one paragraph contradicts another,
and I would rather not express an opinion
until I have read a complete copy of the
decision.".
SUPREME COURT TO DECIDE POINT
Tobacco Trade Is Largely Concerned
in Keeping Out Product of
the Factories of
Manila.
| H. D. Loveland. manager of Tillmann &
Benflel. said that removing the duty from
'Philippine tobacco would seriously affect
"the tobacco Industry of the United States.
There are great cigar factories at Ma
.nllla, operated by very cheap labor and
capable of turning out' a vast quantity of
cigars for the American market, if there
'was no duty to bar their entry to this
'country. However, he believed that \t
the Treasury Department officials should
, adhere to the Idea of coliectlng'duties un
til some decision of the Supreme Court of'
"the United States, relating to the Philip
pine Islands could be had, it being im
possible to get a case before the court in
some months. Congress would take some
•action in the Interim, following out the
teaching of the decisions just handed
down by the Supreme Court
Henry Payot. of Payot & Uphajn. who
.has recently returned from a visit to the
Philippines, also said that there was dan
.srer to the tobacco industry of the United
States If the duty should not be collected
upon Philippine tobacco as heretofore.
Throughout the Orient there was nothing
but Manila tobacco mentioned by smok
ers. The name Is as well known in the
Orient as Is Havana tobacco in the Unit
ed States. "I have smoked as - fine Ma-
HOME MERCHANTS
. EXPRESS VIEWS
Customs Collector Ktratton said *hat he
had not been notified officially of the de
cision, and until then he should continue
to collect duties on goods coming fro«n the
Philippines. No vessels from the islands
are due at present, so that the non-notifi
catlcn will not do any damage either way.
In answer to the auestion as to the
probable action of the Collector in -cturn
lng to the consignees duties paid hereto
fore on goods arriving from the Philip
pines, Chief Clerk Jerome said that no
duties jwouid be returned to th« payors
¦unless in cases in which a legal protest
had been filed within ten days after pay
ment of the duties. Not many such pro
tests had been filed, however. A few were
in the offlce from soldiers and officers
who h2d declared their intention to av.-a't
the decision cf the United States Supreme
Court before taking their goods out of
the Custom-house.
The officials cf the Treasury Depart
ment atj Washington, accordins *o a dis
patch received yesterday, are of opinion
that there is nothins in the Porto Rico
decisions to be considered conclusive in
relation to the Philippines. The refunding
of duties collected, as will be inferred
from the foregoing showing concerning
ihe amount of dutiable exports from the
Philippines last year, is a comparatively
Fmall matter.
certain merchants believe tree, tobacco
from the Philippines would greatly Injure
the tobacco industry of the United States.
At least one leading merchant holds to
the opinion that it would be a disaster to
American tobacco men.
full text of the decision before him and
that it would require careful considera
tion before the entire Import of the opin
ions could be ascertained, with a view of
governing future executive action.
; Several Senators and Representatives
called on the. Secretary to-day and dis
cussed the situation with him, giving
their views and Interpretations of the
opinions rendered yesterday and the bear
ing they would have in the future gov
ernment of the Philippines.- Among these
w^is Senator Lodge of Massachusetts,
chairman of the Philippine Committee of
the Senate. He expressed the opinion
that the decisions of the. court would
make Philippine legislation absolutely nec
essary in the coming session of Congress.
He also^was clearly of the opinion that
under the Spooher law the President 'had
absolute power to provide for a revenue,
both customs and internal, for the Philip
pine Islands in the general scheme for the
Philippine government.- Another sugges
tion made by/ Senators, previous to the
time when it was supposed that a de
cision in the Philippine, case .would be
rendered by the court- similar to the De
Lima case in Porto Rico, was an export
duty on goods coming from the Philip
pines to the United States could'be levied
In order to prevent free trade from the
islands to the United -States. Any such
necessity will be obviated, however, by
the determination of the Treasury De
partment to continue to collect -Dingley
rates on Philippine .'products and: goods
coming from the Islands. • -
Figures were furnished at the War De
partment showing the collections from the
Philippines. From April '11, 1899,; to Feb
ruary 28, 1901; there, were . collected on
goods imported from the United- States
into the Philippines $1,012,925. During the
aame period there ' were collected ; on ex
ports from the Philippines to the United
States ?1S6,149. - : A. •--
From April 11, 1899, until April 12,: 1900,
the date of the passage: of the Foraker
law, the 'collections on imports from the
United States to Porto Rico were $43t>.237.
It Is believed that the- War Department
will promulgate a tariff for the* Philip
pines soon. The Philippine Commission,
together : with officers ; in charge of the
customs of the islands,* prepared a provi
sional draft for a new Philippine tariff,
which was. pu blished, In .March. . That
draft has been undergoing a number of
modifications • at the ;\Var : Department,
and is still receiving . consideration. Sec
retary Root- has been holding back this
tariff, awaiting the decision of : the Su
preme Court in the Insular cases, -and.it
is . now. probable that: it will>not be pro
mulgated ¦¦ until he has had time to:exam
ine the opinions of the court with care.,
The following statement is : made : con
cerning. the proposed tariff and '.what ; is
being done'at the War Department: <-; ."•/¦••
'The: tariff, as prepared at Manila, was based
the subject they manifested much regret
at the outcome, as they had hoped to have
refunded all the moneys paid under the
15 per cent application of the Dingley du
ties.' It was generally expected that the
court's decisions would grant Porto Rico
free trade and her citizens full citizenship
and constitutional privileges. "When told
that if the latter privilege had been grant
ed the internal revenue laws of the united
States would be applied to the islands and
that all funds and- customs thereunder
collected --would be deposited- in the Fed
eral treasury, all Porto Ricans questioned
in the matter acknowledged that this
would be bad. and that their^present
status was preferable, as they, did not be
lieve that the Island would stand the col
lection of the United States internal rev
enue, and that such collections, if at
terr.pted, would necessitate an even heav
ier property tax for the maintenance of
Porto Rico.
Only a few Porto Rican business. men
understand the importance of the Supreme
Court's decisions: Those who are bank
ers predict an immediate revival" of busi
ness now that the status of the country
has been decided. The manager of anfim
portant bank, who requests that his name
not -be used, says that he is in favor of
the tariff unless it absolutely proved that
Porto Rico internal revenues are sufficient
for^ the island's needs. The.J. T. Silva
Banking Company said: . . '
The whole thing Is a fiasco. "We like to be
citizens of the United States," but without the
application of United States Internal revenue
collections. The latter would kill our indus
tries: , ." . -^ . '
The Fritze-Lundt Company,' which Is the
largest shipper of sugar ' in . Porto Rico,
said: . , '..,--
The constitution of the United States applies
¦when ' against us,' but not when in -our favor.
This has always been so since the beginning.
If the tariff had been removed at first; Porto
Rico would npw have double crops. The Amer
ican system of. taxation cannot be applied here;
there should be pome sensible tax on flour and
rice, but-, sugar should .be • free. ¦ This legisla
tion ' appears to be for Americans and against
Porto Ricans. .;
'::-! jc ¦ ••- -.-•¦¦-¦: .:• ., '¦¦< ...«-•¦ . .
-¦ Mullenhoff . & Korber, a large banking
house, said: ..
. This Is a bip step forward. Spain would not
have returned- anything-. . .It would *be a hard
blow, if the internal ¦ revenues "of the . United
States were applied here. -.¦'.' • ¦ ,
By agreement with New York houses
many Porto Rican shippers will receive
half , of the ! amounts • refunded 'under the
new. decision.' ; The people t generally, are'
as, much disappointed 'at not being, grant
ed American citizenship as. they are in re
gard to the court's decision . on j the . tariff.
The members of the Cabinet seem to fa
vor free trade. The island's yearly budget
is $2,000,000. A rough semi-official ;esti
mate gives an income, of $500,000 'a" year
from the property tax, $750,000 from excise
collections under the Hollander bill and
$750,000 from customs collections. The
property tax will be in force July 1, and
assessments will be made on an estimated
valuation of $100,000,000. Excise duties are
now being collected. Porto . Ricans are
generally of the opinion that their Legis
lature should now act. It is understood
that Governor Allen Is giving: his earnest
consideration to the practicability of se
curing at an early date free trade rela
tions between 1 - Porto Rico and Germany.
: As a result of the consultations In
Washington between Governor Allen and
President McKinley. Mr. Hollander will
in a few days submit a report to Gover
nor Allen* showing the operations of the
former's new revenue act, from which it
will appear that expectations are enter
tained as to the adequacy of the measure
It has been fully realized that the insular
.treasury is rapidly approaching a condi
tion where it can dispense with the cus
toms receipts' accruing from trade with
the United States without in any wise en
dangering the present secure financial po
sition of the Island. . By the provision of
section 3 of. the Foraker bill free trade
becomes operative whenever the Porto
Rican Legislature passes A a resolution
that an adequate system of insular taxa
tion has been put into operation and
President McKinley. upon notification of
this resolution, -is. to proclaim free trade
for Porto Rico. If the plan now in con
templation is carried out Governor Allen
will convene the in extra ses
sion solely for the purpose of passing this
resolution. TMs action will probably bo
i ta n!?r J wi? ' 25 5ii a V whi £ h tlm « the Hot
lander bill will have been in force for
nearly one month, and it Ja probable that
froc trade will be declared in October.
WHILE the presidents of the several commercial . organizations of
the city who have been Interviewed have not come to any definite
conclusion concerning the local effect of the decisions of the Su
preme Court of the United States referring to the insular tariff,
President George A. Newhall of the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce undoubtedly reflects the views of the membership of these bodies
when he says that if It shall be found that the Pacific Coas^ is likely to be
seriously damaged by the withdrawal of the duties upon importations from
the Philippine Islands it is probable the trade organizations of the coast .will
meet to take some. action looking toward legislation by Congress.
COMMERCIAL BODIES MAY ACT.
entirely upon the specific system of duties,
which levies customs charges according to
weight or number of the imported articles
rahther than according to value. This prin
ciple has the approval of Secretary Root, but
it is thought desirable to apply an ad valorem
limit to certain cases where there is a wido
difference between the values of articles classi
fied under the same paragraph. The specific
duties will be retained In most of these cases,
but It will be provided that the articles shall
pay not, less than a certain ad valorem rate.
The ad valorem rate on the necessaries of life
and articles essential to the development of the
islands will not run hisrher than 15 per cent,"
taut upon articles less necessary it will rise to
20 per cent and in the case of luxuries to higher
proportions. In such cases the specific duty
will first be assessed, the value of the article
will then be estimated and It will be deter
mined whether the amount- of the specific duty
is as much as the ad valorem limit. If the
amount of the specific duty falls below the an
valorem limit a sufficient amount will be added
to bring the net duties up to the limit. If the
specific duty is higher than the ad valorem
limit it will be collected in full without refer
ence to such a limit. It Is believed that this
method of assessing the duties will obviate the
objections made by the Philippine Commission
to any ad valorem duties, upon the ground that
they would afford temptation to undervaluation
and be difficult to fix in the absence of com
petent experts in the Custom-house at Manila.
The effect of any practicable degree of un
dervaluation under the system proposed would
be trifling upon the net duties paid and not
worth the risk or seeking to defraud the rev
enue. - Absolute accuracy In valuation will be
less important moreover than under the
American tariff, and the proposed system In th»
nature of the case will tend to equalize dif
ferences arising under I the system of purely
specific duties, even If the equalization is not
perfect.
¦ The limit of 15 per cent will apply to a preat
variety of articles under the metal schedule,
which it was found impossible to distribute
under specific duties. Tools and implements,
cutlery,, needles, pens., miscellaneous manu
facturers of iron and steel and ot zinc, copper
and nickel will be required to ray duties of
not less than 15 per cent. In all these cases
the specific duty will be i collected, whether
it amounts to 15 per cent or more, but where
it falls below 15 per cent ad valorem, an es
timate, of the value of the articles will bo
made and the amount of duty raised. to 15 per
cent ad •valorem. Plate glass and mirrors will
be required to pay not less than 20 per cent,
while the limit In the case of cut " srlass,
watch glass and similar fine products will be
fixed at not less than 30 per cent. It Is prob
able that the rate on. precious stones will T>e
fixed at .15 per cent. . in order to obviate the
temptation to smuggling. The rate on nickel
will probably be hipher than in' the provisional
tariff prepared at Manila.
PORTO ItlCANS DOUBTFUL.
SAN JUAN,' Porto Rico, May 28.-The
first report of -the Supreme Court's deci
sion In the De Lima case reached here
last night and was interpreted as declar
ing the; taxation of Imports ' from Porto
Rico to the United States,: 15 per cent of
"the Dlngley- duty, :as - being unconstitu
tional, and was received here with great
satisfaction. To-day, when the full report
of the De Lima case was published, there
was | evinced ; a. . general feeling of disap
pointment among the Porto Rican . mer
chants, , who had hoped that the "court's
decision- would ¦ give them a year's free
trade.' Porto Rican s are reluctant to"be
lieve that to-day's full report is true. ; . v
The consensus of opinion of the matter
seems to-be that the Porto Rican Legis
lature should be convened in extra session
to - declare ! •¦ Porto " Rico ¦ self-supporting
without the collection "of < customs ¦ on ex
ports between Porto-Rico and the United
States. A general spirit of complaint that
all the Supreme , Court's' decisions were
against Porto ; Rico - is ¦. noticeable. "When
San Juan ; merchants were questioned on
Continued from First Page.
DJLKGEB THRElkTEIS 00R COHMEHCE
Bledsoe Gets the Judgeship.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— In the election
contest between B. F. Bledsoe and John
L. Campbell Cor the Superior Judgeship
qf San Bernardino County Judge Shaw
to-day ruled that certain ballots for Bled
soe which were rejected in the count must
be included. The result of the returns
with the votes in question out was a tie,
and counting these ballots will give the
election to Bledsoe, who was the Demo
cratic candidate.
SUPREME COTTET RULES
ON" MINING OWNERSHIP
Question Relating to the Proprietary
Bights of Lodes and Veins
Is Settled.
DENVKR, May 28.— A decision handed
down ty the United Stales Supreme Court
at Washington yesterday sustaining thc
decisicn of the Supreme Court of Colo
rado in the case of the Calhoun Gold
Mining Company against the Ajax Gold
Mining Company :s regarded in mining
circles here as of special importance, in
that It forever settles the question of the
ownership of all ledes and veins found
within the boundaries of a legally estab
lished mining cJaim.
The court holds that a ioeaior of a
mining- claim holds all veins apexinp with
in the boundary of his claim, w.'thrut re
ppect tc cross or parallel veins, so that
between two conflicting lode locations the
senior would take all the veins apexing
within the conflict.
Madagascar Queen Is Traveling.
ALGIERS. May 28.— Queen Ranavanala
of Madagascar has started for Paris. This
Js the first visit the French Government
has permitted her to make since she was
exiled to Algiers in 1899.
IMPORTANT ISLAND TARIPP" PROBLEMS TO BE SOLVED
Members of the California Bankers'. Association Will Hold Their
• : Eighth Annual" Convention -at San Jose, and After Routine
Business Will Devote a Day to Sightseeing and Recreation
PHILADELPHIA. May 28.— The one
hundredth and thirteenth Presbyterian
General Assembly was dissolved at 6:15
o'clock "to-night by Moderator Minton, af
ter havinp been - In session nearly two
weeks, during which time many matters
of the utmost importance to the church
were considered. Chief among these was
the question regarding the revision of the
confession of faith. After a discussion
continuing nearly four days this mo
mentous question was referred to a "spe
cial committee, which will make recom
mendations as to' the manner In which the
creed should be revised and present them
to the next general assembly, which will
meet in New York: .
To-day, for the first time since the as
sembly convened, the harmony among
the commissioners was distributed by the
Introduction of personalities. The trouble
occurred during the discussion on the
chairmanship of the revision committee.
The Rev. Dr. J. D. Moffatt .suggested a
change in the minutes of yesterday's ses
sion, so that the records would show that
a new committee had been appointed to
revise the creed, regardless of the old
committee of which the Rev. Dr. Charles
A. Dickey was chairman. His suggestion
v/as adopted, and the Rev. James E. Mof
fatt of Cumberland. Md., moved that
Moderator Minton be elected chairman of
the committee.
This incensed the friends of Dr. Dickey,
end although Dr. Meffatt's motion pre
vailed, the subject was revived later in
the session by the Rev. S. J. Niccolls of
St. Louis. Dr. Niccolls moved to recon
sider the motion but as he had not been
present during the earlier debate he was
declared out of order. The motion to re
consider was then renewed by the Rev.
\V. D. Crockett of Canton. Pa., and many
of the commissioners participated in the
debate that followed.
Realizing the delicacy of his position.
Moderator Minton relinquished the chair
to Vice Moderator Pitcairn. The matter
¦was finally adjusted by Dr. Dickey, who
advised the assembly against reconsider
ing: the motion, saying he was confident
there had been no attempt to cast any re
flection upon him but that the commis
cioners merely desired to honor his suc
cessor as moderator.
Dr. Dickey's friends wanted the election
of the chairman to be made by the com
mittee, in which event it is conceded Dr.,
Dickey would have been re-elected. The
motion, however, was lost. There are
Btlll six members of the revision cimmit
tee to be appointed, but Moderator Min
ton said to-day that he had not yet made
any selection. The closing hours of the
assembly were_ devoted to routine mat
ters.
In dissolving the assembly Moderator
Mir.ton made an eloquent address and be
fore the final benediction was pronounced
the commissioners sangr "Blest Be the Tie
That Binds."
Equanimity of the Commis
sioners Disturbed at
tne jcjiiq.
Long Session of the Gen
eral Assembly Is
Dissolved.
PRESBYTERIANS
FINISH LABORS
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
SEATTLE, May 28.— A special dispatch
from Dawson under date of May 23 says
that tho steamer Bailey arrived K there
that morning. Following the arrival of
the Bailey, the steamers Clossett and El
Dorado were dispatched up the river for
La Barge, carrying mail and passengers.
The steamer' Zealandian was at Selwyn
on the morning of May 23, and was ex
pected to get through to Dawson that
evening. Lake La Barge was breaking up
and was unsafe for travel on May 23. No
accidents had taken place, although peo
ple continued to cross the rotten ice.
White Horse reported the river , rising
slowly.
The Nome Gold Digger of April 3 states
that the body of Henry Stewart has been
found near the headwaters of Pish River,
not far from the place where the remains
of his partner, Welch, were discovered.
Stewart was well known here and in Ta
coma. Both men were frozen to death in
the blizzard that swept over the ISiome
country the past winter.
Dogs Freeze in Harness.
L. M. Hamilton and John McClelland,
who left Nome early- in on the
trail of the Barreau party, arrived bock
on March 30 after a terrible trip of 105
days. They were unable to say how so
vere the cold was, but it was so intense
that dogs froze to death in harness, and
If a man stood for a few minutes on the
trail he had to exert himself to keep from
freezing. When they reached Point Blos
som the thermometer had been frozen for
two weeks at 50 below.
Mr. Hamilton discounts the stones of
gold that come from the Good Hope coun
try. His party was not successful in find
ing- any, and as far as he could learn the
only gold discovered there has been on the
Reed River.
"Point Blossom is the most desolate
place in the world," said Hamilton. "The
natives are in a destitute condition. At
Point Hope we found sixteen white men
married to native women."
New Reindeer Station.
W. A. Barreau, Archie Mitchell, Robert
Crowdy and Al Rhodes reached '¦amp the
first of the week, after probably *he hard
est trip that four men have ever «xperl
enced in Alaska. They left Nome four
months ago and traveled almost continu
ously, ¦with the thermometer for days
registering 60 below zero. In faot, it was
so cold that a number of their does froze
to death while on the trail. They reached
Point Hope, expecting there to procure
provisions to replenish their supplies, but
found the trading- station destitute of
everything but flour, so they had to turn
back, and will attempt to get into the
country agrain by water in the spring-.
The Barreau party .nearly lost their
lives near Elephant Point. They were
caught in a blizzard and lay for furtv
eight hours in their sleeping bags without
food or fire, and if the storm had con
tinued twelve hours longer all would cer
tainly have perished. The party started
from Nome alone, but they were followed
by stampeders who were waiting lor them
all along: the line to follow on their trail.
After mushing nearly 1000 miles -Dr.
Francis H. Gambell. of the Eaton rein
deer station on the Yukon, arrived in
Nome on March 30 on his way from Kot
zebue Sound, where he had oeen making
arrangements for the establishment of a
new Government reindeer station.
\ "The Rev. Robert Simm, a missionary
at Cape Blossom, will have charge of tho*
new station," said Dr." Gambell. "The na
tives will be given WO head of /eladeer
and at the end of five years will be ex
pected to return to the Government 100,
retaining the increase. According to our
usual custom, we sha'l send apprentices
for a year to give instructions in the most
approved methods of treating the herds."
Nome Advices Give Further
News of Winter Storm
Victims,
Klondike's Water Out
let Is Now Open
to Traffic.
YUKON VESSELS
REACH DAWSON
WILL GATHER AT QARDEN CITY
TO DISCUSS MONEY PROBLEMS
THE SAN FRANClSUUf UAIjL, YV JSDJN JUbJJAT,. MAY 29» 1»v/a.
Bank of Tolo on "The Banker and his
Patron" and H. S. Fletcher of the Bank
of -"VVatsonville on "Abuse of Banking
Privileges as Practiced in the Matter of
Commercial Collections." .-'.
The first two days will be devoted en
tirely to the- business of the convention.
On Saturday: the v delegates;,, will be the
guests of the local bankers on an excur
.sion. to: points. of .interest in.the vicinity
of San Jose. 'The convention will be held
at the Hotel. Vendome. A general invita
tion .is extended tq the I public' to attend
2
OFFICERS OF BANKERS' ASSOCI
ATION WHO WILL, ATTEND CON
VENTION AT SAN JOSE.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Erroneously. Thinks by Scouring Her
: : Scalp That She Cures Dandruff. •
-: Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea
that by scouring the scalp, which removes
the dandruff scales, she Is curing the dan-
druff. She maywash "'her scalp every day,
and. yet have dandruff her life lomr ac-
companied by falling hair, too.. The 'only
way in.the world to cure dandruff is to
kill the dandruff eerm," and there' is no
hair ,. preparation that will do that but
Newbro'B Herpicide. -Herpicide killing tbe
dandruff i germ, leaves ;. the . hair ' free' to
gro w_ as healthy. Nature intended. Destroy
the eause.fyou remove the effect. Kill the'
dandruff germ 'with 'Herpicide.
CLEANLY WOMAN.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Spring
hleaning
You are made aware of the neces-
sity for cleansing your blood in the
spring by humors, eruptions and other
outward signs of impurity.
Or that dull headache, bilious. ' nau-
seous, nervous condition and that tire i
feeling are due to the \ same . cause-
weak, thin, impure, tired blood.
! America's Greatest Spring Medicina
is Hood's Sarsaparilla.'
. It^makes the blood rich and cure,
cures scrofula and salt rheum, gives a
clear, healthy complexion, j?ood appe-
tite, sweet sleep, sound health. :-.-'*}.
,For cleansing the blood the best inedi-
cine money can buy is
Hnnr/'o
is UUU O
Sarsaparilla
It is Peculiar to Itself.
I 'visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
i HUSEUH OF flNATOMY*
I I C& 1:51 HA2Z5TS?. tot. S:i47:i,3.?.:i!. 6
Cf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
I ' — Tfr.ii World. \V eaknes-.es or any contracted A
PT^ftfl disease positively cared by the oldest T
A |15 S § Specialise on the Coast Est. 36 years. {£
A fl»3|£|B CR - JORDAN-DISEASES C? KEH A
\ I Consultation free and strictly pritate. \
0 a X*W IS Tf"" 11 " 1 * personally or by letter. A A
\ h W M K r° titivt C».-« in CTery case undertaken. \
A r if Ilip w rite for Book. miLOSOPUV of >
V * It It "» MtnnUCE, MAILED FREE. (A?
X /a /J, valuable book for mrn) f - \
f DIE. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. R. P. 9
OR.MEYERS&CO. ,^^%>
Specialists. Dls- <&
ease and Weakness ijSsfl' .- j?
of men. Estab- y^a' . -rTT. 'if** 8
lished nSL Consul- f N? J *€*i? t^
¦ tatlon and private . »
book free, at office v
or by mail. Cures (&rk > d5ii£O|>
guaranteed. 731 &xr&**ki??W
Market street (ele- ' A 4^vJ'
vator entrance), >fi \/
San Francisco. • ,*S5^r
DD TT Q "LJ T? Q for barbers, bak-
Jj Jl UOnftQ era, bootblacks, bath-
houses, . billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, . cannen,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners,, tailors, etc
. V BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW-WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and* renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 oO.day;
$3 to $8 week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates la every
room: elevator runs all night. -
-U/.T. HESS, J
HOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
• ¦ -<~J ¦"¦¦ Telephone Brown IU. • " -
¦*" Residence. 821 Calif ornla st., .below FoweU.
Saa Francisco. .Griffiths Seen at Angels.
GRASS VALLEY. May 2S.— A letter has
been received by Marshal Deeble from Ed
Johnson, who is in Angels Camp, saying
that Johnson recently saw and talked
¦with Joseph Griffiths, the missing Grass
Valley pioneer. Johnson did not know at
the time that Griffiths was missing, but
he learned of it in a day or two and im
mediately telephoned to Marshal Deeble
and afterward wrote to him. Johnson was
reared in Grass Vallev and has known.
Griffiths from childhood. Griffiths has
been missing for seven weeks.
West Icelandic Fishermen Drowned.
COPENHAGEN*. May 28.— Several sert
<ius accidents have occurred among the
West Icelandic fishermen, many persons
being drowned. A large boat 'was cap
sized near the West ilanna Islands and
twenty-nine men and women perished.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, May 2S.— Father and
•laughter were pitted against one another
to-<3ay In a case on trial In Department
3 before Judge Ballard of Santa Ana.
Colonel Blantcn Duncan, the Kentuckian,
trhoso testimony constantly reverted to
the days before the war, is Beeking to re
cover from his daughter, Mrs. Katherine
D. Lewis, the jewels and other personal
property left by his dead wife, the mother
of Mrs. Lewte. The trial was at times
funny, at times pathetic — bo pathetic that
few smiled even at things which in an or
dinary trial rn5ght have provoked mirth.
With her husband and her attorneys
Mre. Lewis, handsome, exquisitely dressed
Jn black and wearing a heavy crapo veil,
kju at one end of the table. Occasionally,
us her dead mother's name was men
tioned, she quietly vrlped the tears from
her eyes.
On the witness stand was her father,
plainly dressed, and at his side on the
flocr was an oid hat that had certainly
seen better day^. Assisted by H. B. Alex
ander, the Kentuekian is representing
himself. He appeared in court carrying a
email tin trunk, plush lined, which he
fcaid was made for the family plate which
he is trying, among other things, to res
cue from Mrs. Lewis. The trunk is now
tilled with law books and papers pertain
ing to the caee.
The property in question Is worth nearly
JT.000 and includes pictures, a few articles
of furniture, diamonds and other jewels,
purchased in the United States and
abroad, and a lace dress, valuable only as
an heirloom. It is not on account of the
value of the property that the fight is
being: made, for each is ¦wealthy, but be
cause the articles aro valuable as heir
looms and because neither wants to elve
up to the other. Mrs. Lewis claims her
mother gave the property to her.
When asked to describe specifically the
jewelry Colonel Duncan acknowledged
that his recollection regarding; it was
"glimmering." as it was purchased nearly
a half-century ago.
Mrs. Lewis was called to the stand iate
Jn the afternoon and testified that her
mother had given her much of the jewel
rj* when she was a girl of 17 and the
remainder a little more than a year ago.
The silverware, she told the court, was
purchased by her mother soon after her
marriage with Colonel Duncan, with
money eiven to her by her father as a
weddingr present. This Mrs. Ehincan also
gave her daughter.
The case will continue to-morrow.
Old Kentuckian Appears in
Court as His'Own_
Attorney.
Colonel Duncan's Suit
Against Daughter
Is Begun. •
STRIVE AT LAW
FOR HEIRLOOMS
the special object of improving the butter
produced on this coast.
"Butter scoring: contests" are held fre
quently In the East and have produced
the most satisfactory results. The con
testants (at the forthcoming local contest
will send In tubs of butter to be placed on
exhibition. A committee of experts will
make careful tests of the exhibits. Each
entry must consist of not less than twen
ty-five pounds and only one entry may be
made by each creamery.
. Moore's scoring system will be used, the
FAIR STUDENTS WIN
DIPLOMAS AND MEDALS
.Commencement Exercises in the Do •
minican College at San
Rafael.
. SAN RAFAEL, May. 28."— The large re
ception hall at the Dominican' College In
this city was crowded to the doors this
afternoon for the commencement exer
cises. Fully BOO persons were present, spe
cial .trains from San Francisco bringing
most of them. The musical programme
consisted of piano quartets, vocal selec
tions and renditions by the mandolin and
guitar clubs. Miss Mary Ena of Honolulu
gave several selections' on the harp. At
the conclusion o£ the -musical feature Miss
Amv O'Connor, one of the graduates, read
the, valedictory.
Archbishop Riordan made a ) short ad
dress to the young ladies, congratulating,
them upon the successful ending of their,
school term and advising ;them as to their
future. ¦ - . , —
The foliowing were awarded college
diplomas: Miss Ella Bethune, Miss Julia
Curtln and Miss Amy O'Connor.
Honors and medals were conferred as
follows: Medal for scholarship, Miss Amy
O'Connor; medal for vocal music, Miss
Ella Bethune; distinguished in music.
Misses Clarice Ena, Mary . Ena, Mabel
Ena, Daisy Ena and .Agnes- Maloney;
medal for Latin, Miss Amy O'Connor;
distinguished for application in instru
mental music, Misses Belle Laogier, Alene
Howatt, Daisy Ena and Agnes Maloney;
distinguished for banjo. Miss Clarice Ena;
medal for Christian doctrine, Miss Agnes
Maloney; distinguished for application in
studies, Misses Trella Freeman, Ida Mar
riott, Irene Clprico . and Bertha Rado
vlch; medal for politeness and observance
of rules, Miss Ida Marriott; distinguished,
Miss Neale Mellerish. . ,
¦ Certificates were awarded to the follow
ing named' ladies: Misses Madge James,
Agnes Maloney and Trella Freeman. 1
A reception followed the exercises, and
special trains carried the* people back to
San Francisco. . •
Horses for German Army.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 28.—Representa
tives of- the "German Government are
searching Arizona for horses for use in
the army. Several' days ago they closed a
deal with ranchers in the northern and
central parts of, the Territory for several
hundred and they will buy as many more.
The horses will be taken to San Francisco
and be shipped from'there after being
partially broken to the saddle and bridle.
The horses' being selected are: of the
rough, hardy variety from which ihe Eng
lish army has secured such excellent ser
vice in .the South African campaign.
Rancher Disappears.
SALINAS, . May 28.— Alexander Cartier,
a rancher In San Miguel Canyon, is miss
ing and his neighbors fear that he has met
foul *play . or. committed suicide. Cartier
has not been seen since last Friday. On
Sunday persons visiting his ranch noticed
that the cows had not been milked for.
several days and that the stock was half
famished. There was.no evidence tnat'
Cartier had ' made any . preparations
his departure, end nothing is missed from
the house but his shotgun .
LEAVES HIS ESTATE TO
., ARCHBISHOP RIORDAU
Will of Father Charles M. Brown of
Milpitas Is Filed for
. , ': Probate.
SAN JOSE, ,May 28.— The will of Rev.
Father Charles M. Brown, for many years
priest of the. Catholic church in Milpltas,
was filed for probate to-day. Father
Brown died on May 13. His entire estate
consisting of property, insurance policies
and bonds valued at $5000, is left to Arch
bishop P. W. Riordan. It Is said that the
bequest is for the personal use of tho
Archbishop. - ? . "•
Father Brown is survived by some
brothers and Bisters in Ireland, and in the
will he states he has purposely omitted to
maKe provision for these relatives, as he
had already provided. for some and others
he has -no desire to provide for. Rev P
E. Mulligan, of San Francisco- is named
as executor without bonds, and a hearing
in the matter is set for June 7.
Coal Chutes Burned.
SPOKANE, May 23.— The Great North
ern coal ; "chutes and cages at Hilly*? rd '
with five cars of loaded- coal, were de
stroyed by fire, this morning. Loss, $123 -
000.' . ' • • .• ¦' •¦-.-. •
TRANSPORTS ARE LADEN
WITH THE VOLUNTEERS
General MacArthur Informs the "War
Department About^the Return-,,
ing Regiments.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— In reply to, a
request from the War Department, Gen
eral MacArthur has informed; the De
partment that the volunteers will leave
Manila for the United States on the fol
lowing dates: - ' - •
Transport Thomas sailed May 27, via
Nagasaki, Forty-seventh Infantry, thirty
three officers, 972 enlisted men ; battalion
Forty-ninth ' Infantry, twenty-four offi
cers, 358 enlisted men; band; three com
panies Thirty-eighth Infantry, ten officers,
285 enlisted men.
Ohio will sail to r morrow, direct, head
quarters, ten companies Forty-second In
fantry, twenty-nine officers; 749 enlisted
men.
Transport Grant with Forty-eighth In
fantry, two battalions Forty-ninth In
fantry. . ' .
Transport Kilpatrick with Forty-third
Infantry; transport Logan, with two bat
talions, Thirty-eighth Infantry and
Forty-fourth Infantry will sail June 1.
General Corbln said that the troops
mentioned in General MacArthur's mes
sage comprise all the volunteers now in
the Philippines, and that the arrange
ments made for their departure indicate
a complete fulfillment of the law requir
ing the dlsbandment of the Volunteer
Army by July 1.
¦ ¦ »
Plague Increases at Hongkong.
. j LONDON, May 28.— "The progress of the
bubonic plague here," says the Hongkong
correspondent of the Times, "is becoming
nerioua. The death. rate is over thirty
daily. The epidemic is the worst known
since* 1894. The colony requires drastic
sanitary, regulation." , ,.< ¦¦¦¦-.
Life, Is a journey— and from the way
some people eat one would suppose they
were taking in provisions to last during
the entire trip. .
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The Postof
flce Department has issued the following:
; Postofflce discontinued" June 15: Ore
gon—Saint Louis, Marlon County, mail to
Gervais. Postmasters commissioned: Or
egon—Benjamin F. Ahlt, Howard. Wash
ington — John: A- Ewell, Quiniault. Ap
pointed: California— L. C. Tyler, East
land. Marin County, vice Wheeler East
tin, removed. Rural free delivery will be
established July 1 at Gait, Sacramento
County, Cal. Postofflce at Elliott, San.
Joaquin County, to be discontinued, mail
to Gait. "'*;'
These, pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia: Original— David Morris, Rohner
ville, $6; John C. "Linderman, Alameda. $6.
Increase— Robert G0S3, Stockton, $12: Wil
liam Bryan, San Diego, $8: William Quinn,
San Francisco, $8; John Hart, San Fran
cisco, $8. . Reissue— Frank H. Klalne, San
Jose, $15. Original widow— Eliza J. De
lano, Descanso, $8. War with Spain, orig
inal—Gabriel Stephens Jr., San „ Fran
cisco, $12.
Oregon; Original — Charles C. Jackson,
Silver Lake, $8. Increase — Pliny F. Rum
rill, Harrlsburg, $12; Charles Horn. Ore
gon City, $12. Original widow— Emma
Johnson, Woodburn, $8.
Washington: Original — Granville S.
Lewis, Seattle, < $6. • Increase — Gotthold
Janlgn, Fairhaven. $10; Gideon W. Foster,
Nfcw Whatcom, $17.
were issued to-day as follows:
OF INTEREST TO PACIFIC COAST
California— Frederick B. Abenhclm, San
Francisco, dumbbell and Indian club:
Bernard W. Augustine, Alameda, wood
graining machine; William S. Boyd, Los
Angeles, rock drill; Albert C. Calkins, as
signor to F. W. Brown, Los Angeles, ore
pulverizer; same, gyratory miller; Justin,
J. Graffs assignor two-thirds to J. V.
iQuentin and "VV. Leroux, San Francisco,
Vave motor; Lucien H. Handy, San Fran
cisco, and C. S. Hosford. Berkeley, regls
terlnpr toll apparatus: Ralph B. Kittredge.
San Francisco, floating flsh trap; Henry
Lough, San Francisco, excavator; George
W. iLoveJoy, Tehachapi, wheel; Arthur
McCcllum, San Jose, support for bicycles:
George R. Simmons. French Gulch, scab
bard; James M. Voss. assignor one-half to
C. L. Eggers, J. Hansard, A. Pryor and
J.' Galctich, £os Angeles, hosa leak stop:
Edward Warren. San Marcos, windmill:
Franz F. Wellenman. Hollister, assignor
one-half to N. C. Brlggs and L, W. Jef
ferson., San Benito County, dustpan.
Oregon— Emil Christensen, Portland,
power saw shifter for gang edgers.
Washington — William. A. Douglas. Mon
roe, boat: Arthur "W. Johnson. Tacoma.
heating and roasting furnace: Samuel G.
and G. S. Lister and T. Bordeaux, Olym
pia, logging car stake.
Special DlsSatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 28.— Henry E. Miller,
tho student who was refused a diploma
at the State Normal School, and subse
quently reinstated by order of Judge Hy
land of the Superior Court, was apain
dismissed from the school this morning.
For five weeks, Miller has been taking
instruction in teaching, the only subject
on which he had failed, and'hia name had
been posted as a candidate for gradua
tion with the June class. After Judge
HyJand had decided 'that Miller. was un
justly dismissed, the Attorney General,
who represented the faculty, was slow in
filing an appeal to the . Supreme Court,
and Miller succeeded in 'getting- back in
to the school. * .
Yesterday President Dtdley received
word that the appeal had been taken and
he could dismiss Miller. The faculty at
once met, and this morning when Miller
put* in his appearance, he was told he
could no longer attend school. Besides
this, the president of the school says that
reports of Miller's work - In ' preparatory
teaching were adverse, and that he would
have been unable to graduate.
Miller declares these reports on the part
of his teacher, Miss English, were preju
diced, and that, while he did better work"
than others, he received less credit. Mil
ler's attorneys will fight the case in the
upper courts and yet hope to win.
Student Miller has attended the various
normal schools in this State for upward
of six years, and has had trouble at most
of them. He is about forty years of age,
and.- before entering the normal, taught
for a number of years. . ¦ .
San Jose Faculty Dismisses
the Student for the Second
Time. ;
be obtained from W. H. Saylor, secretary
of the Dairy Exchange, at 114 California
street.
NORMAL SCHOOL ONCE
MORE OUSTS MILLER
THE PRIZES TO BE AWARDED
IN "BUTTER SCORING" CON
TEST.
Mother Gets News of Children
Stolen Years Ago in San
Francisco.,
? t " ¦
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 28.— Mrs. Jennie
Rochester, a music teacher who resides
at the home of W. H. Stewart, a letter
carrier, at 150S Brooklyn avenue, has
found, after ten years of separation, her
two daughters. They are now young
women and aro about to graduate from
the Sisters of St. Mary's School in Mem
phis, Tenn. The mother has gone Bast
to join them.
Ten years ago Mr. and Mrs. Rochester,
with their two little girls, went by boat
from Los Angeles to San Francisco,
where they were to take up their abode.
On . the way some trouble rose between
husband and wife. After going to a ho
tel, the father took the children out
ostensibly to Golden Gate park, but all
three disappeared.
Mrs. Rochester returned to Los Angeles,
and although receiving a letter from her
husband warning her not to search for
the girls, she has continued to do so, un
til at last she has discovered them in the
aforementioned institution. The father is
traveling in Mexico.
points being as follows: Flavor, '45; body,
25; color, 15; salt, 10, and package, 5. To
tal. 100 points.
The scoring of the entries will be under
the control of the Dairy Exchange, which
will appoint judges after the exhibits are
placed.
Five prizes will be awarded by the com
mittee having the contest in charge. .The
prizes will be handsome silver cups of
unique design and suitably engraved. The
cups have been manufactured by Shreve
& Co., and will be displayed at their Mar
ket-street store until the day of the con
test.
The committee having the contest^ in
charge consists of F. W. Reed, W. H.
Rousel, E. H. Zimmerman. Frank Har
ville, J. H. Severin, George E. Peoples and
H. F. Lron.
Full information as to the contest can
TIME RESTORES HER
KIDNAPED DAUGHTERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 28.—
To-aay was exclusively the alumni's,. and
Stanford's sturdy body of graduates, none
of whom have yel reached the ,age of
gray hair, rallied around the standard of
their alma mater. I And judging by the
way they feasted and toasted the alumni
have not forgotten ¦' their college days and
experiences. ¦ for three hours they sat
around the tables of the Rob'e dining hall,
which had been burdened with delicacies
suited ¦ to please the palate, while those
.who knew the early life of Stanford best
told the members of "the graduating 'class
what 'good times were had by those for
tunate enough to have been here during
the "days of grapes," when the pioneers —
the members of the class of 'S3— ruled the
university.
J^eslie M. Eurwcll '9H, president; of the
Alumni Association, acted as toastmas
terand led the onslaught of wit that was
directed at the "pioneers" by the mem
bers of all 'the other classes, who seemed
envious of. the distinction enjoyed by those
flrst to finish four years of Stanford un
dergraduate life.
President Jordan was the last speaker
on .the programme. He reviewed the early
struggles* through which the university
went, telling of the. time when it was in
pawn for eight million dollars in gold and
did not know how it was going to raise
the money to get out; of the dark days
when the dread fear of an adverse ruling
in the famous Stanford suit had left the
university penniless and almost hopeless.
Wlien Hone "Had Fled.
One incident to which he referred made
those who have entered the college since
the "hard times" realize just how gloomy
the outlook then seemed to all. it was
the time the university borrowed ?200 with
which to give a reception to the class of
.'95, believing that it would be the last
chance they would have to give such a
reception, : as its doors would be closed
by the Sheriff ere another year came.
Dr. Jordan said that Stanford had noth
ing more to ask for from the State legis
lators, and spoke gratefully of the hand
some vote which the people of California
had given the Stanford amendment las>t
fall. The university was now in a posi
tion to complete the plans of Its founders.
•As soon as -the buildings now being con
structed were completed every depart
ment would be welL housed and Stanford
wpuld have ample provision for 1000 stu
dents. , - , /
"This is to be the largest number we ever
want. here," he said, ."as Stanford 1 !•, to
be great not in numbers, but in Its inlla
ence on those who come in contact v.-ith
it. Her' graduates will be able to say of
her as. did DanieL Webster of Dartmouth:
'Stanford Is a small collet*, but there are
thoseof us who love her.' The policy^of
the institution will be to have no concern
about the numbers, but rather abput the
effectiveness which Is instilled into her
graduates."
The complete - Drojrramme at the ban
quet was: Welcome to the sraduaUng
class, Leslie M. Burwell, '93; response, YV.
M. 1 Parkin, president of '01: poftin, Miss
Henrietta Stadtmuller, '95: "Athletics,"
Charles M. Fickert, '98; "The University
Woman," F. V. Keesling. '98; "Days of
Grapes," -Professor A. G. Newcomer; "The
Cold World," Professor C. R. Lewers. 'SS;
address, -President Jordan.
Alumni Elect Officers.
At a- business meeting of the alumni this
morning the following officers were elect
ed for the ensuing year: "Professor H. D.
Stearns, '92, president; Charles R. Lewers,
'96, secretary treasurer: T. A. Story, '&6,
first vice president: W. C. Rogers, '99,
second vice president; J. T. Burcham, '97;
T A. Storey, '96: Dr. R, L». Wilbur, '96,
chairman. /,
At the annual reunion. /held in the
chapel at 11 a. m., C C. Huerhes, '05,
delivered an instructive lecture' con
cerning the preparation, training and
duty of college students who intend to
enter the teaching profession.
The promenade concert, the prettiest so
cial event of the year, ¦was given 10-night
by. the senior class. The quadrangle was
completely inclosed with burlap to keep
out. the wind and the crowds. Hundreds
of electric lights and Japanese lanterns
illuminated ! the \immense amphitheater.
Bunting festooned the columns and pillars
of the arcades. Refreshments were served
in the booths occupied by the following
organizations: E>elta Gamma, Alpha Phi,
Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Cam
ma, Roble Hall. Madrono Hall and Kinsr's
Daugjhters.y Music was supplied by
Yanke's concert band of forty nieces.
Dr. Jordan Tells of Storms
the University Has
Weathered.
ALUMNI RECALL
HALCYON DAYS
Graduates of Stanford
/Hold Their Annual
Reunion.
THE RAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 29, 1901.
BUTTER=MAKERS OR THE COAST
WILL COMPETE FOR TROPHIES
Silver XDups Will Be Awarded to Contestants Exhibiting Best
Products,* the Object Being to Secure Purity in|tfie Supply
Scoring Contest to Be Held Next Month by Creamery Operators and
WITH the object of improving
the quality of butter made on
the Pacific Coast, the Califor
nia Creamery Operators' As
sociation and San Francisco
Dairy Exchange will hold a "butter scor
ing contest" at 40 California street,-.Fri
day, June 21. :r--
The contest is the flrst to be held on
the coast and great interest is being taken
In the event by the various creameries of.
California, which will compete lor valua
ble prizes. ¦ t
The California Creamery Operators'"As
sociation was formed early this year with
3
if|i ¦* S5C2K&C5C3SB9I 'JB&BKBBBSXZSSM^i m^JJ^JJj^(^HQj^^B^^(^JOE3^^B^^^^^^^^^HiMB**^~™™^^^S0 ?0^d
I "What's in a name"? |
I Ask~a user of FlGPRUNB CEREAL— J
I they are not hard to find— and you will be told |
I that in this name there is health, nutriment, 1
1 economy and palate pleasure. i
I That's far more than there is in the name
I \ ;of any other cereal^coffee.
I Let your grocer prove this to you.
I yfL°A\. Boil from 3 to 1O minutes only
Jf Fruit I ALL GROCERS SELL
1^^/ .'.'Figprune- Cereal.
¦'_:_¦¦ DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. * '
TiUSKlElIEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T J(NOW IT
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do lor YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
... ¦ " '» / . KJV.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease; therefore, when through
neglect o? other causes kidney trouble is permitted to continue*
fatal results* ars sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sisk or 'feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they 'will help all the other'
organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
I - . I ' I — " % ¦ .
The mild and Immediate effect, or Dr. kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases,
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney poor digestion, when obliged to pass
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It your water frequently night and day.
stands the highest for its wonderful cures smarting or Irritation In passing, brlck-
of th^ most distressing cases. Swamp- dust or sediment in the urine. 'headache.
Root will set your whole system right, backache, lame back, dizziness, sle-sp-
and the best proof of this is a trial. lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
14 West ll"th St.. New York City. due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-,
! Dear sir: ; Oct. loth. 1900. tions from bad" blood, neuralda. rheu-
f "I had been suffering severely from kidney mat i«, m diihptpq bTnaffne- irritoMllhr
trouble. All symptoms were on hand; my for- m ™ n ™l i-ftuZl \nlr nf LE i««
mer strength and power had left me;. I could 5?7j"{, t f c e Q u l J ?!' „, ? t °i ambltl ? n ! \ 0 * 3
I hardly dra K myself alons. Even my mental °f flesh . sallow complexion, or Bright'3
capacity was giving out. and often I ¦wished to disease.
die. It was then I saw an advertisement of If your water, when allowed to remain
yours in a New York paper, but would not undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
have paid any attention to it had it not prom- twenty- four hours, forms a- sediment or
ised a sworn guarantee with every bottle settling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is
of your medicine, asserting- that your Swamp- evidence that your* kidneys and bladder
Root Is purely vegetable, and does not contain need immediate attention
any harmful drugs. I am seventy years and Swamn-Root »s tho croat fl!srnv#»rv nt
four months eld. and with a good conscience I D r Ki?fW the eminer^ kidnev nnd^lo?
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers Vf; * 1 j m ®, r , I _ t t e w^n?ti»« «« ??» w£i, «
from kidney troubles. Four members of my. der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
famlly have been using Swamp-Root for four derful success in both Slight and Severe
different kidney diseases, with the same good cases. Doctors recommend it to their
results.",' - patients and use it In their own families.
With many thanks to you, I remain, because they recognize in Swamp-Root
Very truly yours, ? ¦ the greatest and most successful remedy.
ROBERT BEENER. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
¦Vnn mmr hn v » n «»mr>i<» rinttl« nf in« * or sale the world over at druprslstsi in
*™1,. w*««- ™™,SS q™1p™? bottle3 of two sizes and two prioes-flftr
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root. cent3 and one ol i ar# Reme mber the
sent free by mail, postpaid, by which you name. SwamjvRoot. and the address,
may test Its virtues for such disorders as Binghamton, N.,Y.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If vou have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will, gladly send you by mall. Immediately. '
without cost to you, a sample. bottle of Swamp-Root and a book containing' many of
the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women
cured. In writing, be sure to sav that you read this generous offer In the San
Francisco Dailv Call.
I You are wrong if you have
| an idea that because you *Wm
1 could not get a good suit ||
I made to order for less than $20 1
I ten years ago that you are obliged i
1 to pay that much for a good suit I
I Modern improvements and methods of mer- |
I chandising have reduced the cost a half in the I
I making of a suit of clothes. Ten years ago you 1
i would have had to pay $20.00 for a suit made to 1
I your measure as good as the one we offer you. |
I ¦ We make these suits, to order from a number m
I of different patterns, which await your selection. 8
ij The clothes will be as good as your money— If
|| we will trade back if you are not satisfied — • B
H yes, even after you wear them, if they don't turn B
Pj Come and get our samples — they are free. m
M - Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily, made through ¦
h\ our self-measuring system — write for samples. m
I SMVOODSfQ I
p 718 Market Street and I
H Cop. Powell and Eddy Streets. iMoney Needed for the Match.
It has been advertised that one of tho
preliminaries would be between ' J. J.
Dukelow and Fincke. The following com
-munication is self-explanatory: \ ..
' The Sporting Editor. The Call, City— Dear
Sir: It haa been repeatedly stated in the daily
papers during the past week that I am to
.box with Mr. Flncko in a preliminary contest
in ' the McGovern-Herrera tight to-morrow
night. I have no Intention of becoming a pro
fessional, and positively will not appear.
Trusting you will publish thlB statement. I
am yours sincerely, J. J. DUKELOW.
are in condition, and Dougherty savs loud
and vociferously that he will this . time
wrest the laurels of victory from the man
who obtained the decision wh£n they met
a month ago in Mechanics" Pavilion.
| Accidents are expected to happen, but
the strong possibilities and probabilities
are that McGovern will win another easy
victory and that Harris will reap another
easy reward.
THB.SA^i FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 29, 1901.
DANNY DOUGHERTY AND "KID" McFADDEN, THE CLEVER 'BAN
TAMS, WHO WILL MEET IN THE PRELJMINART MATCH THIS
EVENING BEFORE THE NATIONAL SPORTING CLUB.
"Unloaded" Rifle Kills a Girl.
WICHITA, Kans., May 28.— At Nardln,
O. T., a party of society young ladies and
gentlemen went picnicking, and when a
picture was being made of the group Miss
Nora Wolfrum asked Miss Bishop to point
a rifle at her lo add to the romance of
the scene. Miss Biahop did so. The rifle
was discharged accidentally and Miss
Wolfrum was killed Instantly, the bullet
piercing her heart
UNITED VEEDE MINE
c IS HEAVH/X" ASSESSED
Senator Clark Must Pay $240,000 in
Taxes In One Arizona
County.
PHQENIX, Ariz., May 28.— For the first
time since he acauiredhis immense mine
holdings in Arizona Senator W. A. Clark
of Montana is to be compelled to pay
heavy taxes. It has jusl been decided in
Yavapai County to assess the United
Verdo mine', Clark's ¦ great property, at
$6,000,000, making- an annual tax of $240,000
on the mine. Heretofore the United Verde
has been assessed at $60,000 and paid $24,000
In taxes.
The action in putting the increased as
sessment on Clark is a result of the last
Territorial Legislature. Until tho late ses
sion of that body Senator Clark held
strong 1 control over the lawmaking organ
ization. At each session a heavy bullion
tax, {aimed at Clark's mine, has befcn de
feated, and in a half-hundred tilts the
agents of the owner of the Verde Lave
always won. At the recent session a bill
was introduced intended to divide Tavapai
County and. put the United Verde mine,
with its town of Jerome, in a county by
itself. All of Senator Clark's strength
was given tlie measure, but it was beaten.
Now the power in control in the county is
retaliating upon the Senator from Mon
tana.
The value of the Verde, dbubtless the
richest mine in the world, has oeen esti
mated on a scale ranging from $50,000,000
to $150,000,000, and in the recent formation
of the Amalgamated Copper Company the
Clark mine was listed at $75,000,000.
EL PASO, Texas, May 28.— Swift pun
ishment is being meted out to train-rob
bers In the States of Ciahulla and Du
rango, Mexico. In those States the high
waymen became so bold that they would
stop Mexican Central freight trains,
open. box cars and load Into their wagorjg
whatever freight they wanted and drive
away to the mountains.
The late "Diamond Dick," an »jc-Texas
ranger, was employed by the Mexican
Central road to capture the robbers. "Dia
mond Dick" killed several of them, but
was not able, single handed, to copo with
the situation. Recently. the'rallroad offi
cials appealed to President Diaz for relief
and ho ordered soldiers to proceed to ex
terminate the robbers. The soldiers were
empowered to act aa sheriff. Judare, Jury
and executioner. 1
Last Saturday near Yermo four out of
a band of eight robbers were captured In
"the act of robbing a. freight train. Tho
soldiers, who had been concealed in a
freight car to trap the bandits, lined up
the prisoners and riddled them, with bul
lets.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mexican; Soldiers Exter
minating Robbers of
Trains. .
Four Prisoners Are Lined Up
and Shot by the
Troops.
BANDITS SERVE
AS THE TARGETS
Puree-Winners on Courses In Cities
Beyond the Rockies.
¦¦ CHICAGO, May 28.— Garry Herman, the king
of Western three-year-olds, mad* his first ap
pearance of the Mason 10-duy at Hawthorne
and won a grand race from Doney Doy, at a
mile and a sixteenth. Summaries:
Four and a half furlonirs, selling— Ernest Par-
V 1 nm won, Hans Wagner second. Hat Mitchell
third. Time, :D6.
• One mile— Operator won, Omdurman second,
(i Wild Pirate third. Time. l:42tf.
' ( Flv« furlongs, selling— Maffl won, Dodl« 8
'¦rrcond, The Esmond third. Time, 1:02%.
Free handicap, one mite and a sixteenth—
Oarry Herrman won, Honey Boy second,
Btrangert third. Time, 1:4S%.
One mile— Merlto won, Livadla second, Reseda
v third. Time. 1:«%.
Six furlongs— Alice Dougherty won, Rival
Dare second. Fireside third. Time, 1:14.
XEW YORK, May 28.— Gravesend summaries:
About elx furlongs— Isala won. Lady of the
,r Valley second. Gold Fox third. Time, 1:22 2-5.
One • mile and seventy yards— Dolando won,
.-Knight of the Garter second, Guatama third.
Time, 1:48 4-6.
ni The Clover stakes, five furlongs— Disadvantage
m won, Lucille second. Hanover Queen third.
\ Time. 1:03 1-5.
S Preakness Stake*, one mile and seventy yards
—The Parader won, Salde S second. Dr. Barlow
third. Time. 1:471-5.
Five furlongs, selling— O'Hagen won, Hono
lu! j second, Juvenile third. Time, 1:03 2-6.
One mile and seventy yards— Caijouncle won
¦ Kamara second. The Amazon third. Time'
,;< 1:46 1-5. , ¦ :
CINCINNATI,' May 28— Newport summaries:
.. Elx furlongrs. selling:- Robert Morrison won
• Nancy Dobyns second, Eauce Boat third. Time,
.1 ?1S*£.
• Four furlongs— Easter Boy won. Rose of. Red
second. Ben Hullum third. Time, :51%.
• One mile, selling— Wilson won. B. G. Fox sec
ond. Dr. Fannie third. Time, 1:47%.
S d%h^Trr F TVm U e. 8t i e r, 8 W0n ' GUerfOn '"^
¦ * Six and a half furlongs— Pru© Wood won.
'.Lady Kent second. Castlne third. Time,
•t 1:2514. .
" w Mile and a quarter, selling— Banquo II won.
Virginia T second, Albert Vale third. Time,
, 2:18.
ET. LOUIS, May 28.— Fair Grounds summary:
t - Four and a half furlongs, purse— The Four
Hundred won, Preesover second* Precisely
third. Time, :56. *
Seven furlongs, selling— La Desirous won,
Maxlmus second. Mrs. Grannan third. Time,
l •-**. ... .
Four furlongs — Waklts. "won. Okla second,
Wlssendine third. Time, :«9. . ... ..
Mile and a sixteenth— Wax Taper won, Ethel
Wheat second, Hottentot third. Time, 1:47%.
Mile and three-sixteenths— Miss Patron won.
Chickamauga second, Stuttgart third."*' Time,
2:03>i. ..,.-¦ - V -
Elx furlongs, selling— Reducer won. Ed L
second. Verify third. Time. 1:14%.
TORONTO^ May 28.— Results:
Six furlonxs— Marti mas won, Queen Carnl
<- ¦-:: .:
HACES ON EASTEEN TRACKS.
Probable Winners.
First Race— Almoner, Summer. Devereaux.
Second Race — La Calma. William F, Position.
Third Race— Coal Oil Johnny. Carlo, Yellow
ftor.e.
Fourth Race— Prejudice, Rey Dare, Byron
80M,
Fifth Race— Mocortto, Good Hope, Danger
our Maid.
Sixth Raco— Flamero, Prestidigitator, Clar
ando.
Kid McFadden and Danny Dougherty
will be the second preliminary. Both men
The betting has been brisk for a Mc-
Govern fight. Carillo, Herrera's backer,
has been more than generous with his
money and has wagrered several thou
sands of dollars besides the $5000-$3500 bet
which originally Instigated the match.
At Harry Corbett's yesterday the crowd
poured in and out buying seats and talk
ing fight. The advance sale is a good one
and bespeaks a house to-night that will
equal that of the McGovern-Gardner fight,
in numbers at least.
¦p?Tw-^ERRY McGOVERN and Aurello
I Herrera will meet to-night in Me-
I chanics' Pavilion before the Na
il 'tional Sporting Club. Both men
have trained faithfully for their
fisticuff engagement and something is ex
pected of the encounter. Herrera is in
prime condition. McGovern is likewise.
The betting as the public has fixed lt is
10-4 "on "The Terrible," and there is no
reason why the odds should be at any
other figure.
Out on the park roads McOovPrn and
Herrera ended their training. The latter,
encouraged by the complimentary judg
ments of his Bakersiield friends, feels
that he is in every way fitted to meet the
champion of all the featherweights, lie
Is down to weight, has satisfied his back
ers in regard to his condition and his con-
talk, and will enter the roped
arena this evenine ready to meet the re
doubtable Terry.
Fifth Race — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; Felling:
(24S)Good Hope ....107 2469 Wardman 104
250S Duckoy 109 2492 Danger's Maid. 107
<2T>a3)Mocorito 107 *2199)McAlbert 109
<2Cll)High Hoe 107
Sixth Race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: selling:
24S8 Jerid 117 2512 Hohenlohe 117
2499 Flamero 114 2431 Clarando 112
23S3 Grand Sachem. 114 2479 Amasa 114
2011 Prestidigitator 112 248! Racetto 112
2470 Gold Finder ..112 2192 Tiburon 114
2I'j8 Sea Spray 114
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
(2507) Prejudice 104| 2498 Rosormonde ...116
2436 Byron Rose ... 981 (2494')Rey Dare 98
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
f 2508) Yellowstone ...US 2490 Dandy 11»
(24i<C)Carlo 118 2419 Tompion .......115
2484 C. 011Johr.n>'..U8 2501 Dlvina 115
(2437)B. C. Greene. .US 2501 Irma A 115
Second Race — Mile and 59 yards; maiden
three-year-olds and up; selling::
2509 La Calma r. ...101i 2506 Judge Sh'pshre.110
ZM Senator Matts..lH) 2471 Position 103
2*35 William F 105 2481 Begonia V 108
2506 Spindle PS! 2491 Cavanaugh .... SS
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
2508 Favortto 119 2309 Talma .......''...112
25M rtlnivmaster ...112 2142 San Augustine.112
24<7 Meadow Lark.. 122 2489 March Seven.. .107
2428 Almoner 122 2080 Summer' 122
2J12 Monda 112 2231 Devereaux 109
To-I>ay's Entries.
Oakland Track to Close.
Charles F. Price, general manager of
th«» new California Jockey Club, said yes
terday there was no truth in th© report
that the racing would be continued indefi
nitely. Oakland track will close July 4
and possibly earlier.
Basslnger next closed the session by
landing Jih McCleevy winner of tho mile
and seventy-yard selling affair, the favor
ite, Merops, comiqg from the rear "and
«ecuring the show. Alicia stood a long,
hard drive, but McCleevy held his com
pany safe from the start.
Caesar Young's mare. Princess Titania,
closed a slight favorite over Vanthie in
the betting on the fifth event, a six fur-
Ions sprint, but failed to connect. The
latter headed Companion when about a
quarter of the route had been covered,
winning easily. The Princess ran second,
three lengths before Mamie Hildreth.
The colored boy Bassinger put in hla
time to good advantage a.t Oakland track
yesterday. Six times he faced the barrier
and on four occasions horses ridden by
him flashed by the Judges in front. Never
usleep at the post, he ra hard to catch if
once away in the lead.
The usual crowd from this s!de crossed
the bay. and met with only moderate
success In picking the winners. While
. Botany happened to be the only ttrst
choice to get brackets, none of tho differ
ent winners were quoted at extravagant
prices.
Always the possessor of speed and
mixed up with a very commonplace clus
ter of platers in the introductory sprint,
the talent allowed Blanche Sheppard to
t;et away from them. The mare soon
showed first after the start, and in a drive
beat Hohenlohe a length. Why Monda
had first call in the ring is certainly a
mystery. j_
None too amiable an actor, the flrat
maiden two-year-old dash looked almost
u certainty for Botany if he met with no
accident. From twos his odds fell to 7 to
6 and he won in a gallop from Maxelio.
Hig Massie, carrying tho turquoise blue
colors cif Paplnta, the dancer, has a world
of speed, but as yet cannot carry it far
enough.
Charley Fink's gelding Mont Eagle ran
one of his poor races- in the mile selling
event after being installed favorite. 13e
fore half the route had been covered Bas
fingcr on Harry Thatcher, a 9 to 2 chance,
showed first, and, ridden out, downed
First Shot a length. Formatus arrived in
time to take the sohw.
Ltyond cavil the second two-year-old
ppin furnished the prettiest finish of
the afternoon, for a blanket would have
covered Shell Mount, You You, Armado
and Jacqueminot a3 all four stepped over
tho line. To the paddock Jacqueminot
le-J the wav, where Alexander on Armado
got his mount's head in front. The latter
tired and tho purse looked won by You
You, which had stood the drive gamely.
While the three mentioned were righting
it out Russell, who had been hard at
v.ork on Shell Mount, came with a rush,
g-ctting the verdict from You You and
Armado by a long half length. The win
ner is by Salvation-Plumeria, the latter a
full sister to May W.
Shell Mount" Stands a Hard
Drive— Jim McCleevy
Is First.
Four of His Mounts Cross
the Line in Front at
Oakland.
BASSINGER HAS
A WINNING DAY
Chief of Police Sullivan has notified the
police officers that the practice of dyeing
their hair, and whiskers nieeta. with .the
disapproval of the Police Commissioners
and himself and must be discontinued. •' He
has also notified the officers that they
have^no right to demand free admission
to boxing contests and must in future pay
their way unless detailed for duty In con
nection with the contests.
Police Must Not Use Hair Dye.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, sailing
every Sunday and Wednesday for , San
Diego, stopping only at Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel.
val second. King Joshua third. ' Time,* 1:18.
Five furlongs— Illlwaho won, Laracor second.
Pilaster third. Time, 1:04.
Mile and an eighth— Kaslo won. Euclaire sec
ond. Belllcourt third. Time, 1:59.
Mile and a sixteenth — Orontas won, Handl
capper second, ' Flag . of 1 Truce third. • Time,
l:B0H.
Six furlongs-^Scorpio won, Pharaoh second,
Flying Bess third. Time,. 1:16.
One mile— J. H. Sloan won. Highland Prince
second. Tenarlo third. Time, 1:44. ;, > •
IKelightful Ocean Trips.
Judah Boas has applied . for a writ of
mandate to compel the Treasurer to pay
him $6307 50 on warrants purchased from
city employes during the month of June
of last year. There was no money In the
treasury to pay the warrants when they
became due and an effort was made' to
collect the same out of the St. Marys Park
fund, but without result. Upon the filing
of the suit an alternative writ of man
date was applied for, but Judge Dunne
refused the same, allowing the. case to go
on the calendar for trial, with tne under
standing that the writ should be Issued if
necessary at the conclusion of the-hear
ing. .-;.>., 1 ¦ • -; -../
City Sued on Old Warrants.
GLASGOW, May 28.— After consultation
with Fife. Sir Thomas Llpton has decided
to send Shamrock I to America with the
challenger in order that he may continue
the trial races right up to the date of the
cup races. This will cost an additional
£4000, but Sir Thomas is confident that
the advantage to be gained Justifies 'the
expense. Captain Wrlnge will command
the Shamrock I, with the same crew. that
sailed her here this season.
Shamrock I Will Come Over.
LONDON, May 28.— Richard R. Croker's
Viper (J. Rleff) won the all-aged nalden
plate at the Hurst Park Club Whitsuntide
meeting to-day. •
Murray Griffith's Simon Glover (J. Rleft)
won the holiday handicap. Blue diamond,
owned by E. Foster, was second, and A.
M. Singer's O'Donovan Rossa (Maher) fin
ished third. Thirteen horses ran.
Croker's Minnie Dee (J. Rleff) beat H.
E. Scott's Etcoites In the race for the
Durham plate.
Croker's Horses Are Winners.
Mortally Wounded.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 28.— During a
Bhooting2 affray at Medicine Bow, Wyo.,
Dick England, a well-to-do sheepman,
was killed and Fred Mole was : mortally
wounded. A cowboy named Ambler, did
the shooting. . ¦
Mole accused *Ambler of undue Intimacy
with the former' s 'wife, and securing the
assistance of England attempted to drive
Ambler out of town. England and Mole
are alleged to have drawn their guns and
fired. The cowboy returned the flre and
England fell dead. Mole has a bullet In
the left lung and cannot live.' Ambler
was arrested and sent to Rawlins.
Fire Destroys Hilltop Pavilion.
DUL.UTH, May 28.— The pavilion on the
hilltop, 600 feet above the 'level of Lake
Superior, burned early to-day, with the
power-house with which the Incline rail
way was operated. , Lack of water, supply
on the hilltop left the house to destruc
tion.- The. car 1 at the top of the incline
caught flre, the cable burning through,
and* shot down the track while fiercely
blazing, crashing through the gates into
the middle of Superior street. The crowd
at the bottom was barely out of the way
In time to save their lives. The loss ag
gregates $60,000, with about $18,000 Insur
ance.
Wedding Gift for Wilhelmina.
THE HAGUE, May 28.— The delegates of
the St. Nicholas Society of New York, ac
companied by the. United States Minister,
Stanford' Newell,, presented to-day, to the
Foreign Minister, M. de Beaufort, a silver
cup as the society's wedding present to
Queen Wilhelmina.
Prominent Sneep-Owner in Wyoming
Killed and His Companion Is
COWBOY WITH A OTTN
* TAKES LIVES OF ME1T
»•
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, May 28,-Lef t-handed pitchers just
suited the Baltlmores to-day. They batted
Skopeo for eight bunched hits and seven run*
in the first two Innings and found Harvey
equally easy during the remainder of tha game.
Attendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs— N \' R. H. E.
Chicago .;... 6 10 fi
Baltimore 14 17 8
Batteries— SVopeo, Harvey and Sullivan; Ho*
Olnnlty and Robinson. '
MILWAUKEE!, May 28.— Garvin pitched his
first game on the home grounds and lost after
a struggle, a questionable decision giving the
visitors the winning run In the ninth. The
fielding on both sides was brilliant. Attend
ance, 1000. Score:
ClubB— R. II. E.
Milwaukee 8 8 1
Philadelphia 4 12 1
Batteries— Garvin and Leahy; Fraser and
Powers.
DETROIT, May 28.— The Detroit- Washington
game postponed; wet grounds.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Matthewson pitched
splendidly • against' St Louis to-day, but New
York could not bat. Powell, if anything,
pitched a steadier game than the college won
der. - The winning run was made on a base
on balls, an out and Ryan's two-bagger. At
tendance, 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 060
St. Louis 1 8 1
Batteries— Matthewson and Smith; Powell
and Ryan. Umpire— Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. May 28.— Cincinnati ¦ was
defeated in an eleven-Inning game to-day by
the locals because of an error. . The pitchers
wer» effective, but In the eleventh Hahn weak
ened and gave a base on balls, followed by two
nlnples. .filling the bases. Attendance, 1400.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 7 3
Philadelphia :. 18 0
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; Orth, Donahue,
Jacklltch and McFarland. Umpire— Emslle.
BROOKLYN, May 28.— Brooklyn won to-day's
game by bunching- hits in the fifth and the
succeeding three innings. Plttsburg knocked
Kitson out of the box in the fifth inning and
Brooklyn did the same for Wiltz. Attendance,
1500. Score:
Clubs— R, H. K.
Plttsburg 7 9 2
Brooklyn 8 14 5
Batteries— Wlltz, Phlllippl and Zlmmer: Kit
son, Donovan and Farrell. Umpires— Nash and
Cunningham.
BOSTON, May 28.— Boston-Chicago game
postponed; rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
can and National Leagues.
Results of Games Played by Ameri-
BASEBALL IU THE EAST.
¦Passenger. Position. . . Freight.
Jack O'Neil....:.. .Catcher.. S. C. Nash
Len Hagy Pitcher — ....K. Whitehead
Jim Keith Vlrst base Harry Adams
Floyd Judah Second base Billy Brown
Clarence Smith.... Third base Matt Clarke
Bud Smith ..; Shortstop.... C. • K. Junklns
Paul Jones i>eft field M. F. Lincoln
M. A. Buck Center field. ..E. Silverstone
Malcolm Joyce Right field S. Pomeroy
The freight and passenger men of the
railroads in this city will meet on Thurs
day in a baseball game. The game will
be played at Robs Valley. The line-up of
the teams is as follows: '
Railroad Men Will Play Ball.
2517. BIXTH TtACrc-MUe and seventy
yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2474 J. McCleevy, 5. HO.Bair 2 Hi 11 11
249» Alicia, a, lOS.Alexandor 7 8 1H 2 n 3 2
2505 Mcrops, 5, 107. ...Russell 9 6 1 8 >-i 3 4
2A3S Castake, 6, 109.. Romero 5 4 n 4 H 4 2
2S07 Burdock, 4, 107.Bozoman 6 7 10 6 1 6 1
2198 Sunollo, 4, 108 Hafley I SU (1 6 8
2479 Rlnaldo, 6, 107 Hoar 8 2 2 7 2 Mi
2447 Kastalne, B, 105... Hurko 4 8 8 8 20 8 23
242S Torslda, 6, 106. ...Stuart 1 9 0.9
Time-70 yards, :O4V4; tf, :244; tt. :B0; %,
1:16; m, 1:42%; In 70 yds, 1:46%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and • third driving. Win
ner, John Hall's ch. h. by Llndnn-Verbena.
Winner In hit present form' can beat ordinary
ones. - RusbaU on Merops took back right after
start. Alicia hard ridden through stretch.
Torslda cut off. Scratched— Barney F 107,
Einstein 107, Tom Calvert 107.
Betting— Jim McCleevy, 14-6; Alicia, 9-2; Me
rops, 2; Castake, 10; Burdock, 13; Sunello," 60:
Rlnaldo, 20; Kastaine, 300; Torslda, 12.
1 . •>¦,¦ •
Time-Vi, :25; %. :B0; %, 1:15V4. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, G. W. Snider & Co.'s ch. m. by imp. An
chorlte-Vestlna. Shields on winner caused con
siderable delay at post. Princess was out
footed. Foul Play lacked speed. Companion
quit. Scratched— Spindle 107.
Betting— Vantlne. 2; Princess Titania, 8-B;
Mamie HUdreth, 12; Foul Play, 3; Companion,
20; Ravlno, 150; Our Choice, 300.
25 1O. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
(2492)Vantine. 4, 117... Shields 1 2 2 1 2. 1 1
2503 P. Titania, 3, 105.Alexdr 8 3 3 3 n 2 3
2476 M. Hildr'h, 3, 105. Stuart 5 5 3 4n 3 1%
2473 Foul Play, 4, U7.Ru8sell 4 4 1 B 6 4 2
2500 Companion, 3, 106.Basgr 2 11 2 n B 12
2491 Ravlno. 3. 107 ..Prior 7 6 4 £1 6 1
.... Our Choice, 3, 107.Klnkd 6 7 7 7
Betting— Shell Mount, 3: You You, 3: Ar
mado. 5-2; Jacqueminot, 9-2; Fred Atterbury,
15; Flattered, 10; Arthur Ray. 30; Cayenne
Pepper, 30.
. Time— Y*. :2S; H, :49*. Good start Won
first three driving. Winner, D. Cameron's ch.
g. by Salvation-Plumeria. Winner stood a
hard drive, and was drawing away at the end.
Armado tired the last part. So did Jacque
minot. Scratched — Prestene 115.
2515. FOURTH RACE— Four furlongs; maM
cn two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2497 Shell Mount, 105. Russell 5 4 1% 4 1 1 %
2497 You You, 115..Basslnger I' 2 1 3U 2 1)
2406 Armado, 105 ..Alexanders 3 2 2 1 3 Vi
2429 Jacqueminot, H0..Hafley 1 1 % 1 1 4 2
2495 F. Atterbury. 111. Shields 7 8 7 1 5 n
2497 Flattered, 105 Hoar 6 5 1 5 2 6 6
.... Arthur Ray, U8.Bozeman 4 .7 4 In 7B
2497 C. Pepper, 105...Tullett 8 6 h 8 8
nenbaum. 25; Ringmaster. 6; Mont Eagle, 11-5;
Pongro, 40. . • '
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAMD RACETRACK— Tuesday,
May 2S, 1901.— "Weather • fine. Track
slow.
2512. FIRST RACE-Flve furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »4- Str. Fin.
2140 Bl. Sheppard, 4, 107. Bass 4 12 12 11
2453 Hohenlohe, 6, HB.Alxndr 5 5 3 4 n 2 h
2496 Aurora B, a. 112.Dingley 6 2 1 2 1 3 1
2488 Sweet Voice. 4. 107.. Hoar 3 3 13 1 4 1
2308 Looram. a, 112.Newberry 8 7 1 7 2 5 2
2489 H'mesfke, a. HO.McCrty 2 4 2 6 2 6 2
24S6 Monda. 6, 112 Russell 1 6 1 6h 7 2
2416 Abbyl'x L, 4, 107.Tampln 7 8 8 8
Time— U. :12: H.. :24%; H. :51; %. 1:08. Good
start. ¦ Won ridden out. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. Joe Rose's b. m. by imp. Friar
Tuck-Blackbird. Winner possessed the requisite
amount of speed. Too short for Hohenlohe.
Others little account. Scratched— Emlle Zola
Betting— Blanche Eheppard. 9-2; Hohenlohe,
6; Aurora B, 6; Sweet Voice, 5; Looram, 8;
Homestake. 20; Monda, 16-5; Abbyleix, 16.
2513. SECOND RACE— Four furlongrs; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2495 Botany, 110 Basslnsrer 3 14 15 15
2495 Marello 113.J. Alexander 6 5 2 3 n 2 hi
2455 Knockinge. 105.Fauntlry 4 3 V, ,4 3 3 3
2495 Big Mawsle, 108.Alexandr 12 5 2 n 4 2
2497 Gypsy Boy, 113... Shields 2 6 2 B V, 6 1V4
2495 Juroe, 105 Russell 7 8 15 6 1 6 2
2£01 Dieeovery. 113...Tamplln 6 4 H 7 1 7 3
1495 Resin, 108 Hoar 8 7 1 8 20 8 20
2495 Pheny U 105 Burke 9 9 9 9
Time— V* ' :2434: M. :50. Good start Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, E.
E. Edwards 1 br. g. by imp. Watercress-Pensa.
Botany had all the speed. Marelio closed well,
but bumped Knocklngs in the stretch. Maaale
rtnds the wire too rar away. Resin was away
8 Betting— Botany, 7-5: Marello, 6; Knocklnjrs,
9; Big Maenle, 7-2; Oypey Boy. 6; Juroa, 30;
Discovery, 100; Resin, 12; Pheny L, W.
251-1. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up: purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. U. fitr. Fin.
2494 H. Thatcher, 4. 105. Hans 4 2 U In 11
24S6 First Shot, 4\ lOB.Alxndr 2 1 % 2 \b t 8
2461 Kormatus. 4. lOS.Tullett 3 4 2 31 Jh
2453 Rainier, 6. lOR.Fauntlery 1 3 6 4 V, jh
24&S Canejo. 4. 103...Klnkead 8 6« 58 BB
-3« fl. Uan'bm. 4. 105. Stuart 6 9 n 0 8
24S6 Ifitmaiiter. a. lOS.KusslI 9 6 J4 « 2 7 4
(2<r,3)Mont Eoffle. 4. 105.. Hoar g 8 5 8 2 8 6
2338 Pongo, «, l66...autlerre» 77 10 0
Tlme-U. :25: K, :49%: %, VMM-, mile, 1 44.
Oood lUrt. Won clearly. Second and third
(lrlvlnu. Winner. P. Whltby;s b. g. by )rnp.
Pirate of Penzanc«-MI»« Lexlnirton. Thatcher
has suddenly developed a tendency to ro a
route Formatus under stronger rldlni? would
have been closer up. Canejo wants some, rtd
lnif. Mont Kagle lacked speed. Scratched—
F B*KiHarrV Thatcher. Ml Flnrt j, 8hot.JJ 5
Formatus. 8; Rainier, 12; Canejo, 60; Sam Dan-
Betting Is Due to Bakersfield : Enthusiasm—Kid McEadden and
Danny ¦Dougherty'- Preliminary Match.
Dukelow Refuses to Go Into the Roped Arena WithiFincke
McGOVERN AND HERRERA ARE
PRIHED FOR FISTIC ACTION
OXFORD, May 28.— No Batiafactory. ad
vices yet. having come from the United
States concerning: the financial side of the
Oxford-Cambridpe-Harvard-Yalo meeting,
the athletic officials of the EngllBh uni
versities will have. to base their/ decision
as to the ultimate feasibility of the match
upon the response to an official appeal for
public subscriptions to a guarantee fund
The treasuries of the athletic clubB of tho
universities are wholly unequal to the ex
penses.
4
• "^^^^^^^^p^pj^Bj^s^s^sBi
I Cheap Rates
Santa Fe
The places; the rates for the
round trip and the dates of sale
are be.ow. The other details can
be had of the Santa Fe Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
: June 3, 4; July 3, 4; Aug. 22,
23; Sept. 5, 6.
' CHICAGO, $72.50
July 3 and 4. .
CINCINNATI, $76.50
June 30 and July I. '¦*/,'•
SCLEVELANDr$82.50
Sept. > and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS, $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July I en j 2.
KANSAS CITY, $60.00
June 3 and 4.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50 .
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July (7 and 8.
ST. PAUL $67.90
June 3 and 4.
The best service and the pleasantest
way is furnished by the
Santa Fe
641 MARKET ST.'
If lust a little better g
I than any other train H
I -a little better service- ; |
3 a more homelike y
i| feeling on tht . I]
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find etsewherv, y
and it runs like this |
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO I
9 an MonTues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun |
ARRIVES CHICAGO ; |
2.11 tn Thar Fri Sat Son Bon Tues Wed I
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE I
vgryTM LI- 1
, OHI11H ft I
CMJFORKI& K0RTMESTEB5 RI. GO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to Saa Rafael. /
WEEK DATS— 7:30. ».-W, U:00 «u m.: 13:33.
3:30, 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdars— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. • Ka.tujeay»— Extra tripa at 1:30
*uxd 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-8^ »:S0, UAH m. nuj 1:J^ l:»,
5:00, 6:30 p. m.
San Rafael to Sou* Franotaoo.
WEEK DA.YS— 8:10, T^O, »d6,UaO a. nv; U:iS,
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trtpa at 1:53
and C:35 i\ ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:Mw 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:«. S:40.
6:05. «:35 p. m.
•Leava I In Efftct I ArrlT«
San Franctaoo. [April 28, 1901. | Ban Francteoa
TTeek I Sun- I I 8uo- I W«*k
I>aya. | days. J Destination. J dara, I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 8:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pxn 19:33 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pan Santa Rosa. 7:S& pm l:Wpm
Fulton. " j
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
6:00 pm II«aldsburr. 10:40 am
Lytton. . • ¦
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm 8:00 am Clovrdalo. | T:39 pm l:i0 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland (10:40 amllO:25 am
3:30 pm[ 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:23 pm| «:M pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:83 am
>' 8:00 am OuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 8:00 pm ¦ 1:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am * Sonoma 9:18 am 8:10 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen ElUn. | 6:06 pm 4:10 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 6:00 pm| Sebastopol, | 7:35 pta| 6:20 pm
Staire* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
firings and White Bulphur tfplnrss; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Ueyoervllle for Skas** ftprtnes: at Clowrdai*
for th« Oeysera; at Hopland for. Duncan
Hprtnga, Highland SprlnKS, Kelsejrvtlle, Carl.i-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprtnra, 8aratoga
Pprlnsu. Plue Lakes, Laura! Dell Lake, Witter
Spring". Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerleys. • Bueknetls.
Sanhedrln HelKhts. Hullvllle. Orr** Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg 1 . West-
port, Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotia
and ' Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •» .
On Sunday round trip tickets to all saint*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' •*-— "
Ticket Office, «50 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
- i
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RTAN
Gen. Manager, Pen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. ¦
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILLVALLET
AND SAN RAFAELT^ va "^T
WEEK DATS— 8:55, 8:30. »«:30 11 -no - m
12:45. «l:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. ««:15. 6-45 nTn^ m "
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley aid H.-
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays Samr«i«
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p m rt * )rl
-,6UNDAYS-7:00, 8:00. •9:00. «10-00* ll-M «.*»
a. m.. 12:45. n:30 8:30. »3:4^ 't& %^fobH-M
gundaysV 00 *• d °** nOt *«.«• S^Ra/air
Trains marked (•) run to 8arl Quenfin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAVricr-n
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7-47 8-^
a. m.. '12:25. 1:15, 2:2Or»3:S5. 4:40 i-30 o m U
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays W»£S.«
end Saturdays at 6:45 and 10 00 a. !l e<ln9 »«ay«
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8:00. 9:45. »llV^L m «,
m.. m l:00. 2:15. 1:90. 4:30. .5:45. "iSJ. %.£\ O *§
m hS£^1^?% SS 'feisSr* '
WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6M5. "^55 s^ CI^°;
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 8:50. 610 b-m'^'^ 10130
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays w-2- m i
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10-Sf o Wedneild *y»
SUNDAYS-6:85. 8:00. 10:05, 11-10^1 m 14.1s
l:^: W . 3:45.^^^1^.^
tiorS *" yreek da y-C"adero and wa, ,ta-
tlori 5 . Pl m ' 6aturda y»-Caxadero and way.,ta-'
Tomil. 1 . and W wa k y < &t'lon 8 S atUnUyi ««Pfd>-
;^^^u^f^^ y^-t-..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lAj ,In the Schlitz brew- frj
ery cleanliness is car- p^l
ried to extremes. We Kga!
ppM do more than is neces- Ifri
Ljd sary to be certain of Oj
Wj® The caldrons in |||j|
pail which the beer is CTmS
j/hn brewed are kept scru- LLJ
tipm pulously clean and KgB
|^| covered. The air in I|e||
K&A which the beer is gCYM
cooled is filtered. t*y
JPJI The barrels in which ||||
KfyJi it is stored arc cleaned ENEJ
with steam and soda, K)/fl
B^l^ then glazed with rosin £LJ
Ijra on the inside, then p^|
cleaned again. The [g|fl
bottles arc cleaned 6j?J
G|j with utmost precaution. PrJ
g9 Stillwcfiltcrthcbccr, ||3j]
S^J then sterilize every JpH
bottle, for the slightest Kjji
g'ly unclcanlincss taints k^J
p^B the whole product. It
Kd| is in these ways that
hh Schlitz beer hasgaincd W\H
L/jO its reputation for pur- Oj
g^ ity, and made Milwau- pgfcj
Ww 'Phone Main 447. Sherwood &Sher- g^,^
rj/l wood,212 Market St., San Francisco &r£«fl
VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
JR^^SSL MORMON BISHOP'S' PILLS)
JsmvA^ ISm - have been in use over nfty
' MsfaPJfrSWk years by the leaders of the
sfllK%5vfisM Mormon Church and their fol-
Lw^W^AVnS l° w e rs - Positively . cure tha
l^ffa'iift'rasS 'worst cases In old and young
WK stiv tS8 arising from effects of self-
\£ka^)yti3f abuse, dissipation, excesses or
WfwSttTtfffl? cIparette-smoklnB. Cure Lost
VSHflttwy Manhood. Impotency, Lost
. .. Power, Nlfht Losses, - Insom-
nia, Pain* In Back. • Evil Desires. Lome Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache/ Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Nt*5f 1 rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects £¦£, jJLa r e immediate.
Impart vlg-or and C«e«T» potency ¦ to every
function. • Don't set despondent : a cure la at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and .nerve centers; EOo a
box; 6 for $3 50 by mall. A written ruarante*
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDT Co..
40 Ellis St.. Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT
PBUO CO., 33 and 40 Third it.
* '
. SAIL WAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIPia
Tr»ln« !«»«• »ml nrm ilno tit nrrlf* m
WAN MUMII.sro.
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
invi — faoM Mat J8. 1901. — arrits
7:30a Benlcia, Sutgun Elmira. VacatlUe, ~
Ramsey »nd 8»cr»uiento 7:-15»
7:30 a Davis. Woodland. Knights Laadlog.
Marjsville. Oro»lll«>_ 7:.V».
7i3Oa Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden and Eut 12:23 P
- ' 8:00 A Martinez, Sau Uarnou, Vallejo. Hap*,
5 - Callstoga aud Santa Rosa *:25p
S:OOa NUea. Lathrop, Stockton ICSta
SiOOaNUcs, lleadota. Fresno, Haaford,
VtoaUa. Porterrule I:3.Y»
SiSOa Shasta Kxpress— D%iin, Williams (for
Bartlttt Seringa), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland... 7:53,
SiSOa Salt Joao. Llferraore, Stockton,
lone, HMnmnitOi PlaerrvUla,
linrysTllle, Chlco, Kh<1 KlnlT 4i2.1p
giSOA Oakdale, Chinese (YosemlteJ, 8o-
nora. Carters l:23f
O:OO» Hajward, Niles »nd War Stations.. II:.V>*
It :UU A Los Anceles Express — .Martinez.
Tracy, La throp. mock ton, Merced
Fresno aud Los Angeles 7/m-f
OiSiU V*!Ho, Martuiesauu W»y Stations 3:Vi ?
l oiOOa The O»erUml Li mi ted— OgdeD. Don.
ter. Omaha. Chicago 0>.T.i r
tl!«Or 8acr»ui«mto Hl?«r .SlB«.n«t» ».V<>.n
3:3<> e Hajirard, Nllrs and Wai Stations.. 7;X> r
4iuor Benlcia, Winter*, Hacramenio,
Wootllaud, Knights Lauding,
: MarysfUU. Orovlll* v;,V '•="»
4:«»r Marline*. Ha" lUtuoii, ValUJo.
N»pa, «l«llntog«. Hani» Ko.a •¦•.Ia
¦IjOOr Nile*. LiTerraore, Stockton. Loul... lS/Op
4i:i«r Hayward, Mles.HsnJi.se, Llnrmoro |»:.i.i A
4i»<lp Fort Co* a. Tracy, Uthrop. 8tncktoa IUsa.l A
a.«M»r Th« Owl Limitod-lfiesuo. Tulare.
BAkandelil. Haugu* '<* Sauta Bar-
bara, Los An«eles....... 8:83*
8:0»r SlArtln- z. Antlocb, Stockton. Mor-
oed, Fresno »ai83»
SiSOrNew Orleans Exprew-Mendota,
Fresno.' Balursn^d. Los Angele*.
D.miai, £1 **»*V K<w Orleans
1 ind Eut •• 7'M 4
aiOOrlTarwari], Nlles ami Man Jom* .liMs
\>.our Oriental Mail-Ogdeo. Cneyenne.
Omaba, VhUngo - t9i93t
•rOtrOrteuts.1 Mail-Ofdso, Dearer,
Omaba. Cli!oa«o. *Mt
7»OOr Or.,on and Califoluia ICipraw Nas-
rn.,,n,,l,.. >Ur,.»lll«. lto.l.llni,, _
roriUiHl, Tnget Mound aiiU Kaak ¦•.U.»4
•-••VSaa Fsblo, F«r» Costa, MaxUnsi
and Way Butlous IMWl*
t*is)3r ValMo ?»•*¦*>
COAST LJNE CWrow fiuft),
(Fool of Market Str set)
"l7i.»AfWtaOru2ExCTn!ontoiJanUCnu "
* aud Principal Way Button*....... r»«*»F
••ISA Hswart.C«mt«"llle.Hau Jose,lM»on.
liouldarCiMk.SautaOiusaudWay .
Btailoiis Sao*
t**l9r B«*ark. C*ntef»llle. Bau Jos^ Hew
AlauwU, rslloo. noiilder Creyk.
4«I3r Nsirsjck, Haa Jos*. LcsOatos { jj»laOa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Ittsi Sll MIIWSCO— f-i %t Uarlist SUi.t (Slit 3)— .
t7:lB 0:00 11:00*.*. 1:03 1:93 SllSr.M.
tttmOUlin-Tnl ,:ttniw»j.— M;0Q (8.-00 tS;Ci
10:00t.u. 12:03 8:03 t:33r.M.
COAST LJXE { Broad Gangs).
(Third »nd Townsen«J Sts.)
~ 0:1 n. San Jose and Way HUtlons..... ~ •»»»» i
47:««A Man Jnseiiinl WayStatluits 1(SO»
17 1** a Bandar Excursion for San Jcie.
Santa Cruz. FicWc Gror* and
Principal Way Rtation*
¦ iOOa Han Joss. Ties Duos. Hauta «'rnr.
r"».'iiio Urni*, halinas. Ban Lids
Obispo and Principal intenncdi»ta
HsaUuna. — •• ¦««1©»
lomo*. Ban Jose and Way Stations.
/imSVA New Almadeti /3:30r
I I:a«A Man Joss ami Way Stations 3auy
i2:»r8an Mateo. Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .!«.««.
Trea Plnoa. Santa Criix. Saliiiaa,
Monterey auit Paolfle Grure (lrt:-1.1 t
St»»r Kan Jose aud Way Stations ei.'HU
fl:15r 8an Joseaud Principal Way Stations U: H»
15:OOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Priudpal
Way stations t9:04>4
S:3ftr San Jon and Principal Way Stations 8:35a
OiOOr Red-woid, Han Jos*>. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:05*
8:00r Del Monte. Monterey, Paaflo Gtore,
Loo. poo loin.i*
«:3Or Sau Jo»« aud Way Station* t*<A»A
all i4.tr Jcsa and Way Stations 7:'.Utp
A lot Morning. " I' for Afternoon
t Sunday eieeptsd. J Snnday only.
« Saturday only. - -~ /Tueadaja aud Tddays.
CQ7 00 BUFFALO CD7 00
OO I ¦= And Return WU I 1 =
VIA ILLINOIS CENTRAL R. R.
Tickets on Sale
JUNE 3d and 4th
FOR DETAILED INFORMATION
CALL OR ADDRESS
WJ. SNEDAKER, 6en'l Agent,
648 Market Street,
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Lear* Market-Street Ferry Depot *
Local Ldm'd Orrrd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lt. San Fran] T:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:03 p T:23 p
" Merced ». 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ,...^«
*• Fresno ... 3:20 p 2:35 p 3:08 a .......
"Hanford. 4:23 p 3:37 p 7:M »
•• Viialla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .......
- Tular. ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5K» a . ...H!
** Bksfleld . 6:30 p 5:20 p 7:38 a . .!.
•* Kan City 3:41 a 7:30 a .... *
M Chicago 2:15 p 9.-fl0p .«....,
a for morninr. D for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Umtted.
CarrylnK Palace Sleeplns Car* and D4nlnar
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakarafleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No aecond-olasa
tickets ar* honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. ra. dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Cbrreapond^
in* train arrive* at U:05 a. ra. dally;
8:W D. ra. U tha (Overland Exprs*s, wtth
through Palac* and Tourist Sle«p*n and
fre* lieclinlna; Chair Car. alsoT>alac*
SU«per. which outs out at Fresno. Corr«-
¦pondlnr train arrive* at 5:55 p, m . dally
7:t0 a. m. U Bakenfltld Local, stoppln*
at alt points In Sun Joaquln Valley. Corre.
spondtn* train arrive* at «:40 a. ra. dairy.
Offlc«>-Wl Market street and Tn Twrr
Oakland. FrBndlC0J im Broadwayv
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tla IaomIUs rsrry— fsssentarkei lu
flffiW! '"•"• a»mv« V Rr«««i.
J:*5^SJ »AT9 $ \&?2
ffitS' •^AYS J/.jgfejJ
UOr.M. 3:50 r m.
2ao».M.. . v, r, 7.to?.it
rsrs. Bsa rrtsstw* ts Ssasdt s*4 Cstsra, |1.M
ticket Offlcts, 621 Market St.. ft Sausallto Perry.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
| G*2O HEARST ST. Established
1 In 1S34 for the treatment of Prtvat*
I Diseases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
hdlx#as«> wearlnson body and mind and
¦ Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures'wltea
Mothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
U<"ar«"« snnrnntercl. Callorwrii*
BIBBOX. Man yraociaco. Cal
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land In Ma-,;i
dera -County.
For particulars address FARit S3 Market
Btreet. S. T. . - -.
|§ 6p a T F IM T S I
MARKET ST. S7>^y
SUMMER HOME, FURNISHED.
Near Camp Taylor In tha redwoods; $100 a
¦ morth fcr four months or more.
THO9, 1IAGEE & SOXS.
I:.',-'-*'. 5 Montgomery st.
f\ | |"P T\ fill 1 I . Corner Fourth and
I ALL U 1 1 V A I M *ri«*. s p. Tr >-
I.Uir II HI our Special Brow,
UHf L IIU I HL Btearn^ an^ L^.
' vallaes checked free.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per YearTosemite Valley via Santa Te.
The i Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemlte via stage from' Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. . » ¦" ' • ¦ .
Ask about it at 611 Market street. - *
In the Divorce Court.
The maintenance suit Instituted by Mrs.
E. C. Christensen against her husband, J.
C. Christensen, and hla cross-complaint
for a divorce on the grounds of cruelty
and desertion were dismissed by Judge
Hunt . yesterday. Judgo Hunt held that
both of the litigants were to blame for
their troubles, but neither had a cause of
action. '¦ - :
Decrees of divorce were granted to A.
Emma Schmid from William Schmld for
desertion, and Jennie . Hall . from Harry
A. Hall for failure toprovlde.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Lucy Stoppenbeck from .Oscar Stop
penbeck for failure to provide, and Sarah
A. Potter from Matthew Potter for.deser
tion... . , . ¦ V
GABLANDS FOR ORAVES
OF UyiON VETEBANS
Arrnng-emcnta for Observance of
Memorial Day at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
OarfleM Pott, O. A. ft., held a meeting
last night to flnlih preparation! for the
Memorial day axorclioft at Odd Feilow"'
ComcHery. To-day nt Ti'nal D'rith Hall
tho Woman'B Rellnf. Corpn of tho poet will
iinni!inbl<! to weave the ffarlands for tho
graves of Union veterans. It Ih expected
that eomrad>n of IJncoln nnd Meada po«t»
will join < inriU'ld Pout In tho proccMHKni to
tho ccmotnry to-morrow, forenoon.
Tho column will form near the r.ilnee
Hotel and ho e»cortnd to tho cemetery by
Troop A, National Ouard. and a detach
ment of marine* from the Iowa. Drill
corps from the Irvlnsr M. Scott and tho
Hancock School have accepted Invitations
to parade. Charles Edelman will be the
grand marshal of the procession. Dr. M.
B. Levy will deliver the oration at tho
cemetery. Dr. William Rader will address
tho audience at B'nal B'rlth Hall on thn
evening of May 30.
A large deal in Humboldt County realty
has Just been consummated by San Fran
cisco parties. Over 6000 acres of the finest
timber land In the State and a railroad ten
miles long havo passed out of the hands
of a Scotch. syndicate, known as tho Cali
fornia Redwood Company, "Into those of
J. R. Ilanlfy & Co. and Dolbeer & Car
son. For years the latter firms havo been
trying to secure this valuable tract of
land, but it was only within the past
month that tho deal took shape. The land
Ih covered with tho finest redwood forest
in California.
i Elk River runs through this valuable
property. Tho railroad on it is known as
the Buxport and Elk River Railroad Com
pany. It runs from tho Elk River mill to
Humboldt Bay, carrying lumber for ship
ment to San Francisco. The land la nearly
nil virgin forest, nnd it is not tho inten
tion of tho new owners to begin cutting
th'j trees until the necessity arises.
The district Is the happy hunting ground
of sportsmen, as deer aro plentiful and
duck nnd quail abound in season. On the
river there is one of the most beautiful
spots In tho State. It Is ono of tho few
lovel places on tho banks of tho Elk, and
there Mr. Hanlfy Intends building a hunt-
Ing lodgo In the near future.
"We have been trying for a lonpr time
to secure this land," said Mr. Ilanlfy yes
terday, "and now we are satisfied. Nearly
all tho redwood trees in tho State are
owned by a Scotch syndicate and It is in
no hurry to sell. Tho more land Is cleared
the more valuable does that ,whlch re
innliiH become. We have no Immediate
use for the lumber, ho we will let the trees
grow until wo want them. Dolbeer &
Carson and J. R. Ilanlfy A Co. now own
tho whole tract as well as the railroad,
but that fnct will not change- the present
state of affairs. It simply means that bo
many more acres of redwood land are
onco again owned In California."
Scotch Syndicate Parts
With Holdings in
Humboldt.
REDWOOD FOREST
CHANGES HANDS
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally, i Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. ¦•..
Cooney Loses His Suit.
A Jury In Judge Hunt's court found a
verdict yesterday In favor of the defend
ant'In the suit brought by William M.
Cooney against Elizabeth J. Holley to re
cover $20,000 damages for alleged malicious
prosecution. The defendant caused the ar
rest of Cooney on a charge of grand lar
ceny for withholding a deed to the pos
session of which she was entitled. The
charge against Cooney was dismissed, but
the Jury that tried the damage suit found
that Miss Holley had acted without
malice, hence found a verdict in her favor.
Tho ladles of the California Club held
their annual business meeting at the
Young Men's Christian Association bullil
lngr yesterday. Reports of tho work of
tho club during tho lnst year were read
by Mrs. Loron 8. Barnes, recording flec
retary; K. X. Rolker, corresponding
secretary; Miss Mary G. Oorham, busi
ness secretary; Mrs, Hadwen Swain,
treasurer; Miss Katherlne M. Ball of tho
department of education,- Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall of tho department of social
eclenco and Dr. Dorothea Mooro of tho de
partment of civics.
The reports showed that tho club has
been doing more and better work during
tho last year than ever before. Its chari
ties have been conducted skillfully and
efllcaclously. The aim of the club to
broaden and uplift' those who have not
the educational advantages to be found
In tho cities has been carried out very
successfully the last year by the method
of traveling libraries. Other labors, of tho
club' have also proved of much profit to
tho recipients.
Under tho efficient direction of Mrs. Lov
oll White, the president, supported by an
excellent staff, Improvements have been
brought about in every branch of tho
club. Its finances aro In a particularly
prosperous condition. Thero Is now on
hand more than $4000, which Is a gain of
$2000 over the surplus of last year.
The committee delegated at tho last heM
meeting to Investigate tho propriety of
incorporating the club, as Mrs. White had
suggested, reported that It was necessary
to "secure a vote of a majority of its mem
bers before any action could be taken.
Many of tho ladles have left town, and as
thero would bo great difficulty In getting
a. majority 'of tho members together it
was decided to defer action till next year,
l'lans for more extended labors In tho
futuro wero discussed and tho Hplrlt nnd
onthuslasm of tho members of the club
was a matter of groat Rrratiflcation to
thoflo who aro devoting so much tlmo to
It« Interests.
Tho feature of tho afternoon was tho
presentation of a beautiful silver loving
(•up to Mrs. Iyovoll Whlto, whoso s«rvlce»
in tho club'H work have mot with tho ut
mc.Ht appreciation on tho part of hor n«
«celates. Mrs. A. IX Bharon, llrst vlco
prceldont and ono of tho most prominent
workers for tho olub, speaking In behalf
of the nr>mbnr« said that in recognition
of Mrs. White's sorvlco her ooworkers
had wished to show In some small way
their love .and appreciation for her. Mr*.
Whlto responded that shn prlzod moat
lilffllly not only tho gift but tho knowl
odKo of tho motive* which prompted it.
1 Tho following ofllcors. elected a few
wrecks flgo, wero then InntiiHed: Pro«l
dnnt. Mrs. Lovell White; llrst vlco presi
dent Mrs. A. D. Sharon; second vice pres
ide lit. Mrs. George l>aw Smith; third vlco
president, Mrs. W. A. I]lodg«tt; fourth
vlco president; Mrs. D. J. Murphy; recortl
lnc secretary, Mrs. Loron 8. Barnes; cor
responding secretary. Mrs. K. X. Rolker;
business secretary, Miss Mary G. Oorhnm;
tronsurer, Mrs. Hadwen Swain; chairman
department of education, Ml«<j Katherlno
M. Ball; chairman department of social
science, Mrs. Arthur Cornwall: chairman
department of civics. Dr. Dorothea Moore;
directors— Miss Kate Atkinson. Mrs. W.
P AnRelo, Mrs. E. L. Campbell, Mrs. W.
S I>avls, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, Mrs. W.
s! Leake. Mrs. Eleanor Martin and Mrs.
Rose C. Poultney. - ¦
Gratifying Reports Read
Before California
Club.
DISCUSSES WORK
OF PAST YEARS
0Oc a Fair for Ladies' Shoes.
Gold medals were awarded as follows:
W. 8. Plphor, receiver, Ih idling Indies 1
$3.00 shoes and ties for COo a pair. This
*al'i In not going to last much longer, so
you hnd better como nnd got a nnlr. Largo
mI7(»h an woll n« small enn bo find for Me
a pair nt bankrupt flhoft hjii<> of tho Cali
fornia Shoo Co., \U\f, Market St., nbovo
City Hall avenue. •
word J. Barrett, door*© J, Ollva, Frederick
M. Mlchoiovlch, W. Frank Rlppon, Armondo
Hrugeo, Harry ,B. , Itlngwood, Jeremiah L.
Commcrfcrd, Lloyd M, Hunter, Harry B.
Solon. George K. McDevltt, George I. Sreeo
vlch.
Christian doctrine: Gold medal, presented by
his Grace, Most Rev. P. W. niordan— Edward
F. Ouo.iet. second collegiate class.
fjold medals, presented by Very Ilcv. J. J.
Prenderpast. V. G.— Gideon J. HuBhes, third
collcelate class; Attlllo Pescla, fourth col
lrirlate clawi; John J. Morrlsaey, commercial
class. . ' - .
Gold medals, presented by friends of the col
lege—Jerome Donegan, first Intermediate clasn;
Thomas M. Walsh, second intermediate class;
Francis "G. O'Connell, second Intermediate
china; Leo Murphy, third Intermediate class;
John P. Connor, fourth . Intermediate . class;
Itlchard St. John, first preparatory class.
English composition: Gold medals, presented
by friends of the college— Harry J. Courneen,
second colle(rl«te class; Andrew F. Burke, third
colleKiate class; Anthcny A. Qulnn, fourth col
leerlate class. . , ¦ - ,
The programme for the evening was as fol
lows: March from "The Ameer," Sacred Heart
College Orchestra: "MornlnR Invitation," se
lect choir: "Our Future on the Pacific," Philip
J. Kennedy; "Election of United States Sena
tors." Harry J. Courneen: "My . Southern
Horn* 1 ," Junior choir; "Nicaragua Canal,"
James A. Coleman; "The' Soft Breeze." select
choir; violin solos, A. Qulllicl and A. Sandahl;
"Cuba," Peter F. Courneen; "The Harvest
Moon," college, choir; "Legacies of the. Nine
teenth Century," Joseph P. Flanagan; "Cu
balna." College Orchestra, ,
Will Not Sign Bail Demands.
Notwithstanding tho ordinance passed
by the Board of Supervisors providing for
tho manner In which bail moneys may bo
withdrawn from tho city treasury Auditor
Wells stated yesterday that, acting under
th<» advice of his attorney, ho would ro
fi'BO to nfilx hln slgnaturo to tho demands,
WellH Is Hatlnfied to abldo by tho ordi
nance only after It has be«n pnsRod upon
by the highest court. Regarding tho r<t*o«
lution directing him to hold up tho do
niini'lH of water nnd light corporations
because they refuso to pity foes for
trenching work, Wells nayn that If tha do
mandH aro sont to him ho will not audit
them until tho matter had been finally
udjudlcatnd,
CHAB.GED WITH MURDER
OP ATTORNEY WILSON
Special Officer Clancy, Who Fired tho
Shots, Refuses to Mnke Any
Statement.
P. A. Clancy, special officer, was booked
at tho City Prison yesterday morning on
the charge of murder for fatally shooting
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson in tho lattor's
office, 320 Sansomo street, Monday after
noon. Clancy was more composed yester
day und upon the advice of ex-Judga Fer
ral. his attorney, positively refused to
makn any statement. There was almost a
constant stream of visitors to the prluoii
to seo him. -
Tho Inquest will bo hold Friday morning.
Dr. 13nclgalupl made an autopsy yester
day. The course of the two bullets fired
by Clancy was remarkable. One ball en
tered the right forearm, then tho upper
arm and finally the right aide of tho
chest, punctured the lung and lodged in
the skin over the breast-bone. The other
entered tho left hip, perforated the bone,
entered tho abdominal cavity and mado
seven perforations in the Intestines. Jt
lodged In the right side of the abdomen.
It was extracted by tho surgeons at tho
Receiving Hospital.
Little Joseph Silva, the adopted child of
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Clifford of 15G3 Fifth
street, West Oakland, has been lured
away from the care of loving friends by
his dissolute mother. She cheerfully gave
the boy away seven years ago, but has
lately become possessed of a desire to get
him back to live with her in a disreputa
ble district of this city..
For the last six weeks Mrs. Clifford, the
aged forter-mother, has wandered daily
hi a vain search for the little boy through
the dives and haunts of tho Barbary
Coust which Mrs. Sllva frequents. The
matter is now in the hands of Secretary
White of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, and every effort will
be made to restore the boy to his proper
guardians.
Jo&eph Silva, or- Clifford, as he is called,
Is nine years old. His father died more
than seven years ago, leaving his wife
with Joseph and another child, who died
during the last year. Shortly after the
father's death Mrs. Clifford observed the
Sllva woman maltreating her infant son
in the street in Oakland. She informed a
friend, and through the good offices of the
latter Joseph was given to Mrs. Clifford.
Necessary legal steps were taken and the
child was received into the Clifford home,
where every care and attention was lav
ished upon him.
The Dissolute Mother Appears.
The family became very much attached
to tho handsome, intelligent little fellow
and great pride was taken in his excep
tional accomplishments. On his part he
was liappy and contented and showed no
desiro to leave hiB pleasant home. He
was ne,ver informed by his foster parents
that he was not their own child until last
yeax, when his mother met him one day
and told him of their relationship. From
time to time she would leave her Pacific
street companions and so to Oakland to
seizo pome opportunity to converse with
the boy, Bne taught him to call her
"Molly," the num.'. by which Phe is known
In the half-world, and tried to Induce him
to go with her py means of promises of
luxurieH and pleasures which appeal to
itj« childish h«-iirt.
Joseph related the»«> ocourrenees to th<»
Clifford family, who foeeum§ ularmsd lest
It" ehuulii U>i Hioli-n from tlmir lioiii't, And
placed him In the ears of tha ladles' I'ro«
l«»euv« und Keller Houiety of this city
on January 4 ot the prweru yewr. On
April 18 the mothor nnd nnoiher womim
kl»!nn»it'»i iii« clilM, and nothing hiu* b@en
p<"ii of niiy of them Mined tint'. tlin>-,
Mm, i'HlTiii.1 WitM itlntKrtl li"i,iil)fol(t'ii,
MIim li itriK'l whdrtt tho Hllvn wuhiimi hmi
l'i«'ii in Hit) hitlill ot vlHltllitf mid ("im
mcn«*ed her'VAiit search for the little boy.
Urlef'Ntrk'kan und with fi-viMi ciiKi-r.
iifpF 1 , Bli'i Iihh wjuuli'K'il through tho vile
rwiortH of tho ctly'w urofllKtitoi ttvary*
whero who (im1<m for her lost oik? and avery*
whi-ro ftho iiKitH tho Mama diHcounii<lntf
reply, Weurlly bIh« Iihh mado tho rounds
of bmIiiihih and dfinco halls In nvory kind
of wcuthcr, nud all to no purpose.
Seeking the Kidnaped Boy.
Yesterday, too exhausted to move
farther, Mrs. Clifford visited Secretary
Whlto and plteously begged him to nld
her In her anxious search. Sho was us
sured that everything possible would be
dono to recover her loved one, and lnst
night tho secretary and Officer McMurray
took up tho eeorch. Mrs. Clifford says
that she has been approached by a friend
of tho Sllva woman and told that the
child might be restored on condition of the
payment of money and tho onsurnnce that
tho abductors would not be prosecuted.
This proposal met with ready acqui
escence, but the intermediary became
alarmed and at a subsequent meeting said
that Mrs. Sllva had gone to Merced.
. Tho authorities throughout tho State
will bo notllled and no stone will .be left
unturned which may lead to the recovery
of tho child. Tho apprehension of tho
mother Is n secondary consideration.
The abducted boy is very fine looking.
His hair Is dark brown and his eyes of an
Intense- black. Ills particularly distin
guishing feature Is the presence of a
prominent dimple in each cheek.
Grieving Foster Mother Wan
ders Through Dives in
. Vain Search.
WAYWARD MOTHER
KIDNAPS CHILD
Little Joseph Silva Spir
ited Away From His
Home.
Desire Cheap Shaves Abolished.
A committee of the Journeymen Bar
bers* ITnion waited last evening on the
Ten-Cent Boss Barbers' Union at the
meeting of the latter, held at 763 Mission
street. The committee consisted of G.
Uarnnby. H. K. "Holcomb and J. Ducoipn.
and urged the 10-cnt union to refuse to
engage the men sent out by the so-called
"barbers' colleges" and to raise their
prico-s to thus*? of the Journeymen's
IJnlon. After listening to the speakers
the 10-eent bosses passed a resolution
agreeing not to engage the pupils of tho
barber colleges, and promised to raise
their scale of prices as soon as possible.
FOES OF LIQUOR
IN CONFERENCE
Third Annual' Conven
tion of the Anti-
Saloon League.
The Stale Anti-Saloon League held its
third casual convention for the northern
district of California yesterday afternoon
and evening Jn the auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association build
¦inR. A business session was held in the
afternoon and at night addresses were, de
livered.
The resignation of the Rev. E. S. Chap
- man. D. D.. as superintendent of the ac
tive work of the league was tendered and
accepted- Dr. Chapman has been at the
Jv-ad of the wcrk of the league alnce its
organization three years ago last .April,
and h« feels lhat the work has grown to
Kuch proportion, that he can no longer
curry the burden of the responsibility. He
mill remain nupcrinW-ndent for th« nouth
<rn district. wi»h headquarters at I<os An
jrr-k'B, where he now reside*.
Th« Itev. Dr. J. N. Heard, president of
th* Ifwguo. presided over the convention's
dr-ilbfrailuns. Addr^sues wf-r« made by
\)w. Itev. Dr. Chapman, tho Rev. Dr. C
a. Hhldwln of Pnlo Alto nnd tho Hev. Mr.
Hpi-ar. field w.crM a ry. upon th« work of
th* year. Dr. rsaldwln told how )x» An-
Kt\fn < bounty \va§ won for yrwlnct op
tion.
Tho JVv. Ti. TZ. Haker. the new pastor
at ih* Klrft 1'renbytcrlnn Church or Oak
]an'l wax Heeled president. th« Itev. Dr.
JJ.ard having declined on nrrount of pres
*ur« of work to accent another lerm. The
It<»v. \>v. linker hnn much cxperlfncm In
temperance campaigning in Ohio before
romlnjT to California, and his lendcrnhlp
is <-xp»»rt i-d to prove highly effective.
The following Js the full list of officers
< U-cted for the "-nsuInK year:
The Rev. E. E. Baker, D. D.. of Oak
land, pnMdent; the Rev. J. V. Beard. D.
l> . Ban Francisco, vice president: W. 8.
Joim-i. cf Oakland, secretary: E. V. KMnt.
auditor. Expcutlvo committee— The Rov.
V. D. Bovard. D. D.,.8an Francisco; tho
Rev K. n. Dllie. D. P., Oakland; T. C
McC/xsmy. San Jose: J. S. Marker.
lierkolcy; MIm M. A. HlckP. Berkeley;
Stephen Barkrr. Oakland; Mr«. D. J.
Spfnrrr Ean Francisco; the Rev. J. \v.
Webb. Fresno: Volney Taylor. Oakland;
Mrs. D. C. Korland. Oakland, and D. till
bert DfXtt-r, San Francisco.
At the evening meeting addresses were
delivered by the Kev. Dr. Chapman and
the Rev. J.R. Knodell of Santa Cruz.
Twenty-three graduates, twenty girls
and three boys, took part in the graduation
exercises of tho Mission High School,
which were held yesterday afternoon In
the auditorium of the school. Mayor Pho
lan, Mrs. Kincald, president of tho Board
of Education, and Directors Mark and
Denman were among the invited guests
present and occupied seats on tho stage.
Mr. Denman presented tho graduates
with their diplomas and congratulated
both them and their teachers on the excel
lent work of tho pant year. Mayor rhe
lan nlso epoke. and In a brief, happy little
speech offered hi« congratulations to
teacher* and pupil*. Tho programmo of
tho afternoon was ns follows:
"VaUo Noble," J^etchfr Husband: contralto
wolo, "Bleep Little llaby of Mine," Miss Kdna
M. ('rain, M. II. H., '00; a/ldr****, Hon, Jam<m
1), 1'lii'lnn, Mayor; soprano noIu, Mis* Mahel
V. Cralsr, M, If. H., '09. Traumnml— Violin,
Mlur I* M*de|/.|n« Varney, AJ. II. H.. '»»;
piano, MIm MunrwrHo llarnny. Contrnlto
wjIo, "Violet*," Mlsa Viola Van OMon, M. If.
H.. '00; itra^ntatlon of 4l|ilomnn. Director
Jnmo* JX'nman; maronraux, I<"leteher Hus
lt/iml. i
Tho following In a list of thn Rraduatca:
Blanche Itaillla, Ethel Irnno Urown, Allco
MiukI I'.iirtitiu, KhmiIi Conlan, O. Miii-mIiiiM
I'lll, Th'itiiuii L. Kollur'l, May Klnlgun,
Nina Koulk, Chnrlcs J. HnnKen, Holnn
MnrRnret Kelly, Ircno Kelly, 1,/OtUo H.
KillRore, Mnrglo Nldnrost, 1 Suoln Parrimh,
Mary TilKnvy, Knuntlna Snadoni, Mary
Spencer, ltlnnche I>. Tuber, Olivo ThomfiH,
Irene Vnughn, Kdith Mnry Wllcox, Nettle
Windicm und Wlnnlfred Lorulno Wood
i ufr.
SACKED HEART COMMENCEMENT
Archbishop Itiordan Presents Medals
and Diplomas to Deserving Pupils.
Tho commencement exercises of Sacred
H?art. Collpgn were held last eVenlnp at
Metropolitan Hal!. There wan a larpe
audience of parrnts and frlendfl of the
l>ui)ll.s, who enjoyed the splendid pro
gramme* that was presented. Archbishop
KIord«n d«?llverp<l the diplomas and prizes
to the pupils and complimented both stu
dents and teachers on the splendid stan
dard of Sacred Heart College and the good
work accomplished.
Tho following students received certificates
entitling them to enter the senior class of St.
Mary's ColleRe, Oakland: Joseph Patrick
Klanluan. Harry John Oourneen, James Aloy
kIus Coleman. Peter Krancis Courneen and
Philip 'Joseph Kennedy. . <•
Business department diplomas— Edward Fran
cls/Ouedet. John Joseph *Skcrrett and Thomas
Jooeph I)u#n. . .
Firsft year's certificate, colIeKiatf depart
ment— Thomas J. Trodden. Andrew F. Burke.
Gideon J. Hughes, J. Hervy Hardy, Jeremiah
T. Uofjan, A. I'aul Hrady. Vincent C. Der
ham. Harry F. Sullivan. James ,F. McCUe,
Daniel G. Conway. Daniel J. Ryan, Robert J.
Kelly. John ¥.¦¦ O'Pulllvan.
Commercial certificates— William . J. ' Ferry,
John I. Morrissey, Horace J. Theall, Thomas
I. Cooney, Thomas l/each, Henry P. Pape,. Ed-
MISSION PUPILS
ARE GRADUATED
Very Interesting Exer
cises Mark the Close
of School.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L,; WEDNESDAY, MAT .29, : 1901.
5
.THE EMPOBIUM. |. ' THE EMPOBIUM. . | THE EMPOBIUM. | TEE EaiPOI^ITJM.
v ¦• " . " *•¦" ". " " ¦ * . . - , < .'..¦"'••'"••' " ,,,.»»>»-» . ,..* -,.^
«[ : . ; . -This store will -be closed all day Thursday, May jo, Decoration T)ay. . . j$
% FinB MillinePV U P el d0 V n Cabinet Photographs all this week tor $2.oO Ribbon Ends. jj
J? - '¦ . : ¦- ..¦¦¦.: - ¦ ¦ ......¦- r . >. Metal Ribbon Ends— Colcrs black, silver, golJ, {•
R » At Hslf — at QUBrtei* antl Last week ¦*WPB3O0Bf" BCBU3B l !l>4l^Ef^ME lE^J^I ° Ur oxydiz d and mother-of ; pearl; an immense a?-
j^> r rii^^^n IOC Fancy V^oney RM M^pBs**^ «AcT%tf3 9 V Frivzte ic to each, and they will br p'accd on °J
%' ,r<^^^^^^5?T and Black ' Sland P* ©OfltllfBIl'ltllBC sBa3Cata.PV> *** Exchange sole to-dzy only; at one-half Off *<f
}» <4^^SSJ8®^^& Q£.«'1s..2C Show. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. 6ul mnrkcti priCDS. .J
I W&m^wZ*' Boys' Bib Overalls 21g. o.hudren'a cesses. |
4? "'W r^Mr^~ 15° a j- • 1 r j f\\T j' j \ .u . • sTfik Good, serviceable J
*? " K > ,-< . An extraordinary special tor to-day ( Wednesday )» that r& mst\ &?~%. j_ m r «
5. 'i»w y 5 OC B unc ' le8 °f tweve / r • - ¦ - ¦ . /¦lwi./j\\ Jg§*~*£r ' dresses for to-mor- ••
tf Jmm dczen Violets.. 2ffO mothers of boys will aopreciate; we. offer. about 1 75 dozen .''llw/\\ jPfe^ row ' 3 outing, and jj
*, $1.50 Sailor Hats, b'ue 8-ounce brown duck Bib Overalls, in all sizes for. boys 3 f/ M\ q /fw«^iw or l^ e vacation 'J
*° " onl y 35c to 14 years of age, made extra strong, copper j, -' •'• . /.«....l.—^\ (I f^rS&l time so nearly here. *
If |i. 50 Children's Leghorn Ha's 25c riveted, suspenders attached, and have a hip i \ A vJ^^'jl Four stvles of new jf
J^ $2.50 Children's Fancy Leghorn Hats. .50(3 poeket; to-day only, pair .'..:........... . / \ A /^*^\\. wash Sailor &iks, j| ,
JC $3-°° Children's Fancy Leghorn Hats. $1mOO : "'/''¦ ' '' ' ' L i \ //( \\Y*\ ' n c "^ cr CTasn or 'J
j. $z. S o Walking Hats.... .$1.50 f z. 1 . ,/ - ' I A \ Ml VW poofc'; »»« for*
g 53.50 and 55.00 Children's Trimmed Hits... BoyS* Negllff GO SHlMS 3 MG— One Style./ /\ 1 . l\Vl ages> + , 6 and 8
j^ : .$1*95 black with white strip-s; another style is pretty checks, j / \ I v*/^ — "P years. Special to- °Jt
J I4.00 Panama Walking Hits $2.50 nicely made, collars and cuffs attaehed, and a ( ' / \ I z 7--'$Jm25 jj
•^ *4.oo Trimmel Waking Hats $2.50 pocket; about 1 5 dozen in all; our regular I / \ I W Fora 10 d "^
j 55.00 and #6.00^Ladies* Bonnets. . ..$3'5J 5 oc quality; special Wednesday only ;.;'.. •*¦'•''¦«*' L- ../ t^^J It^ ' *r»« °?
J^ $8.00 and |io.oa Trimmsd Ha's : . ¦ * — j ; . V 1^T ein 9MmSO JC
I $3.so«*$4.Bo This Week's Clothing Sale *-^S2?S^ai^5 '£M
If " — , __^ • . . •. .._. _^ . - ¦ ¦ this season's cut and style, wrss for agrs 6 to m
% Footballs 78*: 'Jsa-.Renonl/Breaker.
ff We offir Wednes- , Ful1 P"^" 3 ° f the »«7 bargains^ in Men's and Boys' Clothing which cbrdfen', woolen co'orcd one-piece nits, yoke 5
}C day a !otof foot- /gjuGjSv will be on sale all this week were given in last Sunday's paper. The clothing and cuffs neatly braced with soutache bnH, £
% balls in t*o itself speafes volumes for the Value-giving ability of the big Store. We omit dreS3 fu'ly lined and made in this season's J€
»i . "styles; ore tha: P^'? l ?V-^V-V. ; '' i '" 1^-?^ lengthy descriptions in this announcement. If you , need a suit don't fail to see oy-e; on special sa'e to-day, gz n "?
*C seL's regularly for feSV*:^:.',: ::\ y -Vi-y ji. all sizes for 3 e3 6 to 14 &4Gm9U «
K «m S b made %%' ; , ,J these> ¦ • • ' • : , ' §
% of finest pebble Men's $15.00, $17.50 and $20 Suits — In a range of styles that includes the smart, broad- , Ts»hlg% /•«'*¦#'*»»••» 5
ti grain leather; tbe 1^ ¦_ shou'dered military sack coat, and in every fabric that is fashionab!e thh sea- _,-__,_ ' * Z*b3J& m*Ow*2w^& ¦.&
K other, a $1.00 football, ij made of yelow son, until closing time next Saturday night. ;..; '. &BUmYO LGSS ThSMTS Hfilf X-
h leather, Saranac tan; both are canvas lined Men's $5.00- Pants— The fcfoo kind, on sale all this week _ »-»»«=»•» """ mmtuamm
% and will hold ther shape; special ? Of* I SpS.GB Best Grad= Impcrted Covers— Rich cardinal .%
» price for one day, each ' **** Men's Pants— The £3.50 kind, on sa'e all this week , co'or, nicely hemstitched; colors guaranteed £
t£ r , *fPBi*r5 a ' a k°totely perman?nt; in three lizM, on «
S j Bo y' s - : $3.50 * Suits $J98— DouV'e-Vreasted, twolp'ec/suit'si for boys'g'to'is yean of ag-. special s^e to-day only, at less than half jg
tt -k— «»_* m **>+*¦*»+ Boys' $5.00 Veitcc Suits $3.35 — Sizes for boys 3 to 8 years, many of them $6.00 suits, none their vjlue: J*
*" $2.^5 SKlrtS $1.29m of them wjrthless than $500. , 3s fnches tqaare, were |i. 65, to-day 7 3c »J
5. d»O Off M# M « MMAM 0 Boys' $7.50 Suits $4.93— A choice of 15 styles of three-p.'ecc mlti, elthrr knee or' Jong 4* inches square, were $2.00, to-day 9 3c %
g. SPiSmdCO WWraflpGrS ¦ pan ts, suitable for boys ioto/i 9 years, 50 inches iqmre, were $1.65, to-da/.. . Ji.ig jr
*' «S1 39 ' Boys' $10.00 Blue ivr$t Suits $7.35— For young men 13 to 19 years of age, warranted fast ,- ---¦¦ -J
I £»*-«* ¦.^¦'"" h "" K " ¥ " ' ! ! : - Music Sales. I
I M\ Laalea ' leokwemr Groceries -Liquors f
I / ft\ !»S fihS" & Less Than Half. f"S 0 ' a K fa '"• Wednesday . y^^y^S".*" »*•' S
Jt / ,l|\ .'.km 6 or is. row. ' Breakfilt Bocon— Ths vtrv beiti nlep snrf en if«U1 late i<M»y only, eonup «t« * a ' 5
S / 'I ll\ of rorJlni i*w Z- Silk Crtpe de Chine «nd Tiffeta Silk Scarfi- kan, «««:«> i»e \b t] to^»y. . . , , Ifftfo wltee{fei ' OO *
£ / j jl In Iiib riumiffl 1 . rpguWly About X99 largo sn4 medium iU» In ill Ghirardclll's UrcakfAit Cccqa—To 4jy, tin, Kohfnr'e Prnatlonl Pinna In, -J
K I '/ mli\ $i.H fo^ayenly— ceJofg < fringed or hemstltttiedj mltabls for , 2 m O •IrilOl'O*'— Pi»WI«h»4 it jee p«r «opy> j}
»»• lAsjlr ™* /'--* 4*1 5*Q neekwtar tr h»t »f»rf»| rtgular valus /.1.50 Tonnt©e»— StindjrtJ paekj 3 tins,. , ,,21o en ipitbl sa'f fo-day enly at , , , , f _, M
*' fi+2tr m **MrZpi *pta**%M (e fz.eo each} sale pries te»diy £*r% Cflffee— Java an4 Ce§i» Rleaj rpfu'arly jse a ...... .1.... .,,, .,,, ,,,,.,,, MYO ?
•T r*^**SZlSnymrK n.25UwnWr.ip. only.,,,,,,,.,',,,,,, 9$ltC pountlf to-d^y enly , , 201 ,-
J ' peni fin.ll, nice ' I «1 i»Y,JOb>rafor 50o T«v Cirprt'Swifffn, nti» by th« M \
R wbltj figure, iomi have the whlta tueke I * f '& vfllu '» Ml6 pries fo-day .... qq q Deviled Him-'iVHiy, % tint ? O dtptt twttptr Cempany, ««tly lik« thota %
Syekei, all am trimmed whh whlfe emhfold- #.....................•<«•• «^«^ f om x iy | or Whlikey— Choleeit «!d fleufbdnj 1h.1t mama u*#i) Jg« th« thing ihrt teung S
try, lined" wttlifK, deep fleunce and full wldthi, 300 Do«n White Ovtf'ColUri— Hemttltfheil Mgljarly e<e a bottle— to •j'ay, ,, ,, ,,Q2O heuvikitpm want to p'ay with (ami thry £
k all tl«i| f gu'arly $i.l$, to* g&t oo Lawn or VrnU* nii!,ri.!ilfrclj mw ioi „ Port fir Mltrry— I'ull t|inrt 406 ktt'fl will do th« work, frr.jj rrguVir y o o U
2- . day only. ...,......,,.,. SjPBtifH and I J6 Vd!u«| la'« pf'ee td-dsy, . , . BO sprjal tn-<t*y only -4 bu. tit* $t.OO Joe rich; «p;cii! We inri'Af only 3OD >f
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W Steamers leave Broadway
Bl Wharf, San Francisco:
KJm_ For Alniikiin i>ort.t — 11 a. m.,
iS^feiL M»r 1. «• »¦ "• "• : "* 1 . l<
: HBWKL2j'ak. Jun^ 5. Chanjtw to company »
' CK HSfl\Gk?l H'amtm at B«-aMU.
i iK^SSS 'fflk ; i For Victoria. Vancourer (B.
' fgaBa^EHs C), Port Town.'^nd, H^attlf.
i t^^H^Bi Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
*•• ii a. m.. May 1. «, 11. 18. *»•
It ti June 8 «nd every fifth day thereafter.
Cha!?gs at BeatU. for this «?^»«" m £»
r m. AI tV k N a p nd R?.': « Va^oSt.fW. p! lr.
For Eureka and^Humboldt Day-l:»0 o. m.,
May 8 «I 13 •18? 23. 28. June 2 <•* p. m.), anJ
•tfamer Bantu Bosa. Sun d "y"L » *< ™- -
For Los Angeles, calling at Banta crojt.
Monterey. San Simeon C^^^JR^iSKa??
(Ban Luis Obispo), <3»vlota. - Santa P»'»>ara.
Ventura. nu«n«me, Ban Pedro^ East 8»n i Pe-
dro. »NeVport ('Corona only)-Stearofr Corona.
Saturdays, f a. m.; iteamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
' For^nsenada. Magdalena San Jo"J? d «»
Cabo. Matatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Rom-
lla and Ouayroaa (Mex-)-10 a. m.. 7th each
month •
For further Information obtain company s
°The%onipany reserves th»» right to change
ntfarners, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKRT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
rrfwet (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. flan Francisco.
O. J?. & N. CO.
Only «3 »onn«hlp Xiln* to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Roll Line from Portland to nil
points Eo«t. Throufth tliUetm to all
point*, nil pnll nr nte«rn«hln nnd rail, at
LOWEST Xl-A.'X'XJS.
STEAMER TICSET8 IHCLDDE BERTH tnd MEAL9.
H8. CX)LinmiA.. Palls June 2. 12. 22. July 2. 12
SS. GEO. VT. ELDER
Ralln June 7. 17, 27. July 7. 17. 17
D.tV'.HITCHCOCK, OeaAgt., 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
WILD GOOSE MINTNO AND TRAD-
INO COJKPANT.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
TELLER, CIOLOFNTN. PORT CLAR.
ENCH, ETC. y
BAILS JUNE 1.
Superior First and Second Class Pas.
senger Accommodation*.
M Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success,
ful Itghurage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
and operates the Wild Goo** Ry.
il-ary M«ohln«rr. T!ar«res, Kto.. Tak«n.
CnAB. CONKLIN A CO.. <«7 MarHet »t.
' AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK. I0OTBA MPT0K. L0KD0N. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Bt. Louis Jun* 6 Bt. Paul .July in
At. Paul... June 19 Ht. Louts .July 17
St. Loula June 20 St. Paul Auguat 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland i June ft[ *Vnderland Jun« :8
Frlfslnntl ...June 12 Kensington July i
Southwartt .....June 13>*Zecland July 10
•Stop at Cherbourg, eaatbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION CO.,
\ CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
Oeneral Agent Pacific Const. 30 Montgomery »t
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SVD AMERICANA DB VAPORES
To Valparalso.^'«topping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.
PALENA June 71TUCAPEL June Zl
COLOMBIA ....Junel2|AREQUIPA ....July..
These «teamer» are built expressly for Cen-
trai and 'South American pasaenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. S16 California street.-.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
OOXPAONIE GENKBALB TBANSATLANTIQtTJS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.: ji^j^
Sallir.R every Thursday, instparl of <r*(ffrrVi
.Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dier 42. —-¦"*'**»
North River, foot of Morton street. La Cham-
pagne, June 6: *La Lorraine, June 13: *L'Aqul-
talne, June 20; La Bretngne, June 27. ¦• "
First class to Havre, too and upward. Second
class to Havre, • $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED - 8TATES and CAN-
ADA,- S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F, FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San FrancUco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.,
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. .
00ZA2T TBAV2EL*
PacifiCiCoast. Steamship Co.
w^ FOR
»N0ME
r "i^^mi G0LDFIELD6.
THE STKAMSHIP , '
CITY OF PUEBLA
WILL SAIL—
From San Francisco June 25
Crfnnectlnr "* Seattle with th« Company's
New and Splendid Steel Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE JUNE 20th.
The Senator made five trip* to Nome last
yar. being one of the first to arrive there.
landing all her passenger* and frelsht without
Ions, tnlahap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
i Hew Montgomery street (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
NOME, sTllCHAEL
And All Points on Yukon Rtyer.
Balling Datti Subject to Change.
Prom San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 23 8. B. "POMTAND
June 1 8. 8. "ST. PAUL" June •
May IS »S. S. "CONEMACOH" ...Jun« IS
•"CO.N'EMAUCH" carries frelgbt and Uv«
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other p*f»
tlculars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
¦ 110 Bantam* st.. San Franelsoaw
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVB WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.«
for YOKOHAMA and IIONOKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hloco), Naga*akl and Shanghai «n>t
connecting at Hongkong with st«am«rs tot
India, eto. No cargo received on board on
day of (ailing,
en. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. Mar ». lilt
KB. HO.VCKONO MAIW.Paturday. Jun« *ilm
SS. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, JWX
Round*tr!p ticket* at reduced rates. For
freight and passage applr at, company's office*
421 Market street, corner First,
W. It. AVKTIT. O«n«r>l Agent,
oceanic s.s.io. s<r ?,»•,;»
BS. MARIPO8A (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
N«w Zealand and Australia ., ,.
Thursday, May 30. io a. m,
SS. ZBALANDIA (Honolulu onlv)
.....; Pnturriay, June I. t p. tn.
SS. AUSTRALIA for TohltJ....
.:. ., «i"vtiv, Jim* so, nr * p. m.
i. O.SPBECXELS i BROS. CO.. Sutra! agents. 327 Variut St
Gen'l Fossngtr OSes, 643 Market St., Pier lo. 7. Pactfo It
PANAMA R. R, s S ff
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 9103; Steerage, ip lo.
6. S, Lcelanaw sails .Monday, Juno 3
6. S. Argyll null* Monday, Juno 24
S. *». Lee'nnnw null* Aloniiv. July PS
From Harrl»on-str**t Wharf at 2 p. ns. '
Freight and pn.wni»r offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUES.. ¦WED.. THUR3. AND SAT.
it 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs*
4z- sight); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office. Ml«-
«ion-»t Pock. I^t V«* »¦ T»l«phnn» Motn ISM. ¦
n*^SB9>kTiH> O Is » non-polfwnow
rotn'ilj for Gonorrhoea,
Oleet. S per tn* tovr ha »,
MbtQrinl loi^n V3 Whit»«. unnatural dU-
/SGI o««au^ \M chargl . or any inttamma-
ffS? not vs iuicnr«. tion, i ritation or nlcera-
B»»-<gt > r«»enu eonupoo. tion t mucom mem-
KrtiHEEvm CkemiclCo. b ™ n , e "- So jr" uin ,*? at '
«Sa? l "O' l "»"; 0 -^PoT sent in plain wja™-
«l.00. or 3 bottler, (2.73. -
( ' ADVERTISEMENTS. '.'¦.......
[1 THE DISCOVERER OF
I; Lydia B. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
I The Great Worm^s Remedy for Woman's Ills.
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqilalificd endorsement <*>>•>
No other medicine has such a rcconi of cures of female troubles
or such hosts of grateful friends. *»ffl!
Do not be persuaded that any other medicine is just as good.
Any dealer who asks you to buy something else when you go into
his store purposely to buy Lydia E. Finkham'i Vegetable Compound,
has no interest in your case. He is merely trying to sell you some-
thing on which he can make a larger profit. Me docs not care
whether you get well or not, so long as he can make a little more
money out of your sickness. If he wished you well he would
without hesitation hand you the medicine you ask for, and which he
knows is the best woman's medicine in the world
Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that these
thousands of cures of women whose letters arc constantly printed
in this paper were not brought about by " something else," but by
Lydia Em Pinkham' s Vegetable Compound,
Tho Groat Woman's Romcdy for Woman's Ills,
Those women who refuse to accept anything else are rewarded
a hundred thousand times, for they get what they want — a cure.
Moral — Stick to the medicine that you know is Best. ,&
When a medicine has been successful in restoring
to health more than a million women, you cannot
well say without trying it, " I do not believe it will
help me." If you are ill, do not hesitate to get a bot-
tle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at
once, v and write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for
special advice. It is free and helnfui.We have made a very low round-trip rate
to tha Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel Plate trains, with
Nickel Plate . dining ."cars serving: American
dub meals at 35c to Jl each. Insure you a
pleasant trip. Book free showing Pan-Amert
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodations re
served. JAY W ADAMS. P.. C. P. A.. SI
Crocker building. San Francisco. Cal...
New York Aldermen arc discussing the advisability
of adopting an ordinance prohibiting persons from
standing in open street cars, but until some means
has been found to cure the American habit of rushing
during ¦ business hours it will be very hard to pre
vent them from taking the first car that comes even
if they have lo stand and^ crowd cverybody^else.
It is said the Game Warden of New York has found
so many game birds hidden " away in cold storage
plants as to make the penalty money for violation of
the law amount to upward of $1,000,000; and if any
thing like that sum can be collected the game law
¦will have to be classed as one of the best revenue pro
ducers on the statute-books.
In New England there has been invented a new
drink called "stretch." It is said, to be composed of
water, hard cider and alcohol, and according to re
ports is about the most diabolical thing ever devised
in the country.
Cardinal Mezzofantl spoke 114 languages
and dialects, 50 of them with such ease
and fluency that he was sometimes mis
taken for a native of the lands where
they were used.
Special ' Information supplied daily to
business houses and ¦ public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1W2. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or. Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building:.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's', Palace Hotel*
Charged "With Mayhem.
Louis Robles, Joseph Nunez and Emil©
Arata, the three boys who threw lime at
Ceeillo Blanco, 9 Virginia place, Sunday
and blinded him in one eye were booked
at the City Prison yesterday on a charge
of mayhem.' The boy may lose the sight
of his other eye. "
The Value of Publicity.
Publicity for public business la the key
note of official efficiency. Publicity, in
their own affairs is what the people want,'
and 'publicity is what* sooner or later,
they will have. Secrecv invites suspicion
and breeds distrust. — Baltimore Ameri
can. . . '
WIRELESS COAST SIGNALS.
SIGNOR MARCONI is reported to have stated
in a recent interview: "All the principal head
lands on the British and Irish coasts are now
equipped with wireless telegraph apparatus, most of
it with a radius of 200 miles."
Such activity on the .part of the «British Government
in a matter of that kind should stimulate action on the
part of the Government of the United States. It
may be that the need of such signals ¦ on/'our coasts is
not quite so great as it is in Great Britain, whose
coasts are nearly always enveloped in fogs and whose
narrow seas swarm with shipping; but none the less
there are certain parts of our coast where an equal
need exists. San Francisco, for example, is the cen
ter of a vast shipping industry and fogs are frequent,
so that even if we do not undertake at once to estab
lish wireless signal stations on every notable head
land they should be established here at least and at
other important Pacific Coast ports.
. The Call recently directed attention to the estab
lishment of a wireless telegraph service by the New
York Herald at Nantucket lightship, and in comment
ing upon it pointed out the advisability of having such
a service between San Francisco and the Farallones.
The issue is deserving of more than passing notice.
It is known that ships frequently have to wait outside
the" heads for many hours before .venturing to enter
the port; in foggy weather. A wireless signal service
would enable information of the arrival of such ships
to be promptly sent to the city, and thus an immense
benefitwould be conferred upon commerced
The. matter should be taken up by the Chamber of
Commerce, the Merchants' Association and other, in
fluential bodies. The Marconi system* is no longer
an experiment. It is now an established method of
signaling, and its value is no. longer deniable. Cer
tainly the United States should not' be the last of
civilized nations to adopt the system, nor should San
Francisco be the last important port in the world to
have the benefit of it. • ' - * -
HOME-SEEKERS' EXCURSIONS.
WITH the new management of the Southern
Pacific road there have already come evi
dences of a new policy in dealing with Cali
fornia. Efforts are being made to increase travel to
the State from the East and to bring to us not only
tourists but home-seekers.
To that end it has been announced that arrange
ments have been completed to run a number of excur
sions from Chicago to California during the summer
months. The trains will leave on the firsthand third
Tuesdays of June, July, August and September, and
will be known as "the home-seekers' excursions."
The fare from Chicago to!any California point will be
$64 50 for a first class round'trip ticket, from St. Louis
and New Orleans $59.56, 'and $52 from Kansas City.
These tickets are good for twenty-one days after date
of sale, and stop-over privileges are allowed along the
entire line of the Southern Pacific Company's system
traveling westward in California, , but no stop-overs
will be allowed on the return trips.
The railroad men have sanguine expectations of the
results of the. excursions, 1 based upon results obtained
from what is known as the colonist rate, which is said
to have induced upward of-20,ooo persons to visit the
State. It is probable the new excursions will bring
even larger numbers, though .of course they will have
to face the competition of the Buffalo Exposition,
which will naturally attract many persons : who might
otherwise have decided to take advantage of the cheap
rates to make a holiday trip to California^ .
All excursions of' the kind are bound to be helpful.
They bring California nealer to .the East so far as
expense goes, and thus obviate one of the difficulties
which has hitherto stood in the way of people of.or
dinary means who'have had desires to see the Golden
State but have not been able to do so. ' . -
Along with the new : policy of increasing travel by
augmenting the inducements and lowering the rates it
is to be hoped there will come an improvement in the
depot in this city. The structure that stands" there to
receive visitors to the metropolis of the Pacific Coast
has done all the'duty that ought to be imposed upon
it. The time has come to "clear it away and erect a
depot not tinworthy of comparison with those" of the
great cities in the East.
FIFTY-THREE members of the Iroquois Club
met recently at Benicia and told the Democratic
party of the State what it is to believe and fight
for until the club gets together again and increases or
diminishes the party creed.
The immortal fifty-three, led by Clitus'Barbour, in
formed the party that it must believe in state com
munism, and in the public ownership of about all the
agencies and activities of business and production.
Looking over the several extensions, additions,
lean-tos and declarations of the party creed in this
State, we find that it stands now for free silver at 16
to I, for an unlimited issue of irredeemable paper cur
rency, for abolition of national banks, for destruction
of the independence of the courts, for denial of the
executive veto, for destruction of private ownership
of land, for destruction of the legislative branch of the
Government, *and for public ownership and adminis
tration of public utilities, transportation, production
and distribution. It will be seen that it only remains
for the party to express its programme in the simple
motto of Nicholas Bakounin and the anarchists,
"Down with law; everything belongs to everybody."
Yet the rank and file of the. party wonder why.
business men, and men who, by thrift, temperance and
industry, have gained property, reject its principles
and antagonize its candidates.^-'
Speaking from a Republican standpoint, we do not
hesitate to declare that it is unfortunate that Jhe prin
ciples of the Democracy have been wrested from their
former conformity to the constitution and have be
come distinctly revolutionary, not only in respect to
our system of government but in respect also- to the
social institutions of the people? .......
The present party programme and principles so far
outrun the old sandlot creed as to invest it with the
features of a reasonable and quite innocuous political
movement.
Let any reasonable man consider the effect upon
the business, the property, employment and rights of
the people of the success of a party committed to
such policies!
It is not a wholesome political condition, either for
the party in power o^ the country, and will neces
sarily, it seems to us, lead to a renewed attempt at re
organization of the Democracy, or the formation of a
new party by which the conservative 'Democrats will
attempt to get the party back to a speaking acquaint
ance with the constitution, and at one with the wel
fare of the country- . •'. » > .?'•"
DEMOCRATIC PRINCIPLES.
UNTIL thcjuil text of all the opinions in the insular cases, 'decided by tfie Supreme
Court, is 'at hand it is hardly possible to correctly estimate the full effect of the
court's 'judgment In the outline as at present presented/ the- decision excludes
Porto Rico and the Philippines and declares them, to use the language of the Louisiana
treaty negatively, not a part of the Union of the United States. In brief the court decides
that the constitution does not follow theflag, Upon this point both the majority and mi
nority of the court tread upon ground that is clearly dangerous, and both cliicloie'a situa
tion that will nrouse the solicitude of, the country and supply our future politics with an
issue of transcendent Importance, Its bearing upon the interests' of the people is far
greater than thnt of the question of ilavcry, .
If the majority opinion hnd decided the folhnrls to be wholly, under the entire < i on
stitutlon and & part of the Union of the United States, then they would Imvo been poten
tial States, their people full citizens nnd their territory equipped for admission as full States
into the Union. As our readers arc nwnre we have regarded tills as one of the great dan
gers inherent in the annexation of these possessions, If once declared potential States
there arose the risk oi incorporation into our citizenship of many millions of t people, alien in
race, constitution, character and customs, non-assimilable, with tropical characteristics
and labor system unfriendly to our American characteristics and system.
The great issue in our future politics will be, the final disposition of these islands and
their people. This issue i§ distinctly raised in the court's opinion, in which this language oc
curs: "Whatever may be finally decided by the American people as to the status of these
islands and their inhabitants — whether they shall be introduced into the sisterhood of
States, or be permitted to form independent governments — it does not follow that in the
meantime, awaiting that decision, the people are in the matter of personal rights unpro
tected by the provisions of our constitution and subject to the merely arbitrary control
of Congress." ,
It will be seen that by the first half of that sentence the court clearly remands the
case to the people, for trial and decision, as a political issue purely. The latter part of
the sentence will leave an unpleasant impression upon the lay, mind when interpreted by
this sentence which follows: "Large powers must necessarily- be entrusted to Congress in
dealing, with these problems, and we are bound to assume that they will be judiciously
exercised. That these powers may be abused is possible. But the same may be said of its
powers under the constitution, as well as outside of it." : .
This seems to be a clear admission by the court that the powers permitted to Con
gress in external government are outside the constitution, and if so, of necessity arbi
trary and plenary. . .
This will be held to be dangerous ground, since it 'is hard for the people, accus
tomed to witness the limitations of their government by the constitution which creates it,
to conceive of its exercise of powers outside that limitation. - x
~- The decision validates the Foraker act, imposing duties on Porto Rican products
imported into this country, and upon. the products of '.his country exported to Porto Rico.
No doubt a rehearing will be asked upon this p6int, and we venture the opinion that it will
be upon ground not touched in £he majority decision.
At the close of the Civil War Congress put an export tax on cotton. The t consti
tutionality of an export tax was carried to the Supreme Court, which voided the law, de
claring it to be the exercise of an unconstitutional power by Congress. • This was so ob
viously correct that the court's decision has never been questioned. '. •
The majority decision on the island cases limits Congress to its constitutional pow
ers only, in. dealing with the States of the United States, and the people and products there
of. But it upholds Congress in putting a tax upon the products of the States of the United
States when exported to Porto Rico, a part of the territory of the United. States. This
tax is in effect an export tax upon our products. Such conclusion seems clear. The
prohibition of such lax upon exports to the general markets of the world seems clearlv to
include prohibition of such tax to any special market, whether within or without the ter
ritory of the United States. ¦ , ,
The constitution says (section 9, article I), "No tax or- duty shall be laid on.ar
ticles exported from any State." This is in the statement of powers forbidden to Con
gress. . . , '.-
, Now, granting the doctrinq of the island decision, that Congress" may 'lay a duty
upon articles imported into the States from Porto Rico and the ; Philippines, how can the
same Congress lay ;> duty upon articles exported from the States into those islands? Re
member that in the laying of such duty it is dealing with the States of the United Slates,
over which its power is by no means enlarged a hair's breadth by this decision; #
No doubt this very interesting issue will reach the court soon or late, and must be
decided in the light of the cotton tax decision.
As we have said ,.the decision leaves the final disposition of the islands to the peo
ple, the source of political power, as a political question entirely, and the court affirms
that the islands are alienable and maybe permitted their independence if the people
choose. " ;. .
VVEPyESPAV MAY V), Wl
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Pfopriotor.
T*' Aitnn AM OmmfnUna U W. i. l«A" , MiMtgir.
M ANAmSIt 1 * GVVICIl, ..... • T^P^ l 1^^^L52i
I'l'UMCATfON ntWtC.tt, . ,MmrU*t mid Third, f. V,
'lrlr|ili»n« l'r#»« ««»!.
lint'f oiiiai. nAOMI.i.t.SHT in 831 dlevtnaoo HI.
Tr|r|»hi.ii«« I'rrM UOU.
i»riitrrr<i %tf C.mrrlm 1» O««r» V99 WMlfc ,
MtlMl* »'i»plrn, ft t'rnin,
Trrtn* t»f -Mnll, Jiii'IiiiIImm l*O«U«ffl
UA!t<T <M!4# (inriudlfia XurvUr>» • monHiHi. ...... ....#.. *M
PAJMT CAW. (inrludlMf Hun-Id)'), I month*,. ....•;. 1-M
UAfMT «AI*U-»|* Mind* Mmith,,.. .......................... ««
ivitrKi/r cauu f>n» Ye*r.... i.w
All poUmnntvr* *r* nnfliftrlMd ««> r««P#lT«
lubiorlptlonfti
d>mpj# «»p»«i will t« r«rw«fd«4 wh»n r»guMt*d.
Msll MJbuerHTt fin crdMng fh«n*» «f nddH>M *hmild t>«
ftrtieuiar (o flvt both NBW AND OLD ADDltlQII In er<l«r
w iDMir* • preiapt and correct rempUane* with iMr r»<ju#it.
oaKI.AM* OVFICJ1 HIS nroadwar
f. UV.oUiiV. KtlOGNISSI.
lui|» r«r«lf» AlrtrtlilBf, V*r|MtU BaUilnf , Chle»|#.
(hnnt Dlstane* Telephone "Central ttlt.")
I*BW YORK COllftESPONDEtff j
C. O. CAM/TOW............ .Herald Sqtinre
NEW TOHK nEPRESENTATIVBi
STEPnEJT 11. SMITH .00 Trlbnae Bnlldlnff
WEW TOIIK NEWS STJLnT«J
Traiflorf-ABtorla Hotel) A. Brentano, II Union ftjuarej
Murray H1U Ho' el. ii\
CHICAGO NEWS BTAJfoS:
" Bherman House; P- O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIBfOTOSr <D. C.) OFFICE . . . 14O6 O St., W. W.
MORTON E. CRA!SE, Correspondent.
BRAJTCH OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8: SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpea until »:M o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
1:30 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
untU • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, o*pen until « o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until' > o'clock.
1300 Ffllmore. open until 9 p. m. ¦
THE ISLAND DECISION.
Tennyson's "Lady of Shalott". would
furnish another excellent, motif.
It may be questioned whether pictures
like these, 'drawn by artists known to the
pupils and associated, in their minds, as
they will forever be, with gems of litera
ture have not a far greater culture value
than framed Madonnas, or busts of Ra-
P Very small outlay of money is necessary,
to render a room attractive. One of. the
most memorable transformations I recall
was that of a gloomy primary room with
hieh walls and ceiling which the credu
lous averred had once been white, bound
ed on all sides by a blackboard with up
per half above the children's reach, shade
less windows, black hissing steam pipes
and badly- scratched desks arranged in
S T^iis in a ' short time" was transformed
into a kindergarten with terra cotta walls,
elided steam coils, newly varnished desks
arranged to leave an open square in the
middle of the vcom, in which were placed
a rug two' small rocking chairs, and a
table with a pretty cover. By the use of
colored crayons the' upper portion ef the
blackboard became .a dado - of vines and
flowers and one • section of •: the black ex
panse became a charming opera. box with
rich velvet- hangings. The -staring win
dows were covored with shades and with
daisy-chain' curtains ¦ made by the -,chil
dren The ¦ ugly • pulpit from which the
former teacher. bad dispensed learning. and
threats was replaced by a; long, sloping
table' at which the 'little ones might rest
themselves by standing at their work/
The older ¦ children; : who had : come into
thisvery room as into a prison where, they
were 'kept i n . straltjackets, now danced
merrily in and welcomed, their visiting
friends as in , their ' own .-;' drawing-room.
Even I the dirty little -tatterdemalion who
was , accustomed to ; pick the „• pockets ¦ of
his - f ather'a . drunken guests began to say
"Please v excuse ; me"— in , very . grudging,
shamefaced - manner '¦ at ; first — and- finally,
came ' with ; clean : face and new , garments
to .take, his .place among -those -. who -de
serve to' be called human.; • -
¦¦For "this T is what:, the: clubs' are doing
Around this lovely valley rise
The purple hills of paradise.'
Oh softly on yon bank of haze
Her rosy face the summer lays.
Becalmed along the azure sky
The argosies of cloudland He. ;
Of all the efforts of club women on be
half of school children none has met with
more conspicuous success than that for
the beautifying of the rooms and grounds,
and for the provision of- libraries and
works of art. Every -device has been re
sorted to in obtaining funds for this pur
pose; appeals to the directors, personal
contributions, sociables where lunchboxes
were sold to the highest bidders, dime
sociables, oyster suppers, literary and
musical entertainments, book and picture
receptions and a score of other schemes.
In one town of small size and large heart
625 books were contributed at" a single
book reception. In another still smaller
town $229 for the frescoing of the rooms
were the receipts for a single presentation
of "Little Red Ridinghood" by the school
children. ¦ M '. ¦' ¦'¦'' ¦ • .*.
•In the decoration of schoolrooms the
first requisite is a clean room with tastily
tinted walls. Rooms have thus been made"
attractive without picture or bust; while
on the other hand a masterpiece of, art
hung on a dingy wall, so far from culti
vating the artistic sense, merely intro
duces the disturbing element of incongru
ity The most perennially pleasing pic
ture I have ever seen in a schoolroom was
a large blackboard drawing illustrating
Trowbrldge's "Midsummer": ¦
IHcoration of Schoolrooms.
The clubs have fostered kindergartens
and nurseries where mothers who are
wage earners may leave their babes and
little ones, feeling sure that they are in
better hand3 than their own.
The evening school for those who toll
during the day and have no other^oppor
tunity to fit themselves for more lucrative
positions and the Saturday sewing and
cooking classes for % girls who have no
home facilities for learning domestic sci
ence are other enterprises initiated or ad
vanced by club women.
It may be doubted whether domestic
science and manual training should ever
have prominent place in the public
schools, since any thorough training
which would fit a girl to take charge of
a household or a boy for the trades must
necessarily be given aside from the men
tal training of the regular schools; but
at least manual ( labor in the public
schools should be carried so far as will
serve the two purposes of bridging the
gap between intellectual and physical
labor, which is creating on the one hand
an army, of drudges and on the other a
society which scorns toil; and the other
purpose of enhancing the pupil's capac
ity for mental effort and orderly conduct
by giving him physical recreation. For
we may say of disorder in the schoolroom
as Loudon said of crime on the streets,
that it is to a great extent simply a ques
tion of athletics.
The Interest of the clubs in education
has been comprehensively stated by one
of the educational committees as embracs
ing everything which touches the life,
growth and training of the child in and
out of school; sleep, diet, clothing, play,
books, and everything pertaining to his
welfare. Since nothing they have begun
is yet carried to completion, what, they
may do. is b«st told by what they are al
ready doing. .
Along the legislative line in Illinois, for
example, they have secured parental
schools where disorderly pupils may be
coerced for their good without demoraliz
ing the regular schools. They have insti
tuted a juvenile court to dispose of chil
dren who have committed their first of
fenss without sending them to the reform
school to be made worse by association
with expert offenders. They have rescued
from factory labor children under four
teen and have insisted . upon factory in
spection to protect them from needless
danger to life and limb. They have pro
cured mofe rigid enforcement of compul
sory education laws; have advocated the
removal of children between the ages of
two and sixteen from poorhouses, so that
youthful . association with the feeble
minded and insane might not throw a
clou'd over their whole "future lives; and
they have labored zealously, though thus
far unsuccessfully, for an anti-cigarette
law to prevent children from impairing
their physical and mental abilities. And
much more.
Work of Educational Committees.
IWupfttifln'fll Commute ef tha Illinois
f Ji'edftrntlori ef Woman 1 * fJlubs,)
iSvery cnndlti t»«r«on will n<1mit that tne
work of wointttrN oluba, HUn tbo new wo
man herself. l§ a thlna of »ueh recent . ann
rapid 'growth mm to betray, here and there,
tritt'es of amiileurlshnpsH. It ' in noma
tJmt-B not well considered, its prompters
tire too Impetuous, or thoy do H all them
«elve« when It would be bdtter to lot the
beneficiaries nsslst. JS&peclally Is this lat
ter true when the work is for the school
children In country, towns where pntrpna,
teachers and dubs may readily come into
touch and co-operate with one 'another,
nnd where, with a little guidance, the
children can by their own efforts obtain
what they wish. •
But In maklhg this passing stricture per
mit mo to say with Theophrastus Such:
"Dear blunderers, I am one of you. If I
trace your shortcomings and failures It is
because they are my own. The more in
timately I eeem to discern your weak
nesses, the stronger to me is the proof
that I share them. How otherwise could I
get the discernment?!'
If club women do not always take them
selves seriously, if some of their enter
prises have bloomed and faded bearing
scanty fruits, they are by no means on
that account a class apart from the rest
of mankind. Indeed, the stricture belongs
rather to the individual than to the class,
and the multiplicity of enterprises of un
questioned worth which they have origin
ated or furthered ln the brief period that
has elapsed since clubs came into exist-,
ence is little less than amazing.
XV.— WOMISN'fl CLU218 AND THE 0OIIOOL8.
everywhere In th« flUen-cttptiirlns littld
Ih'msim iui'I inntif ntf them over Into liuir.nu
boinsfi
in this connection 1 nm reminded of thfl
remit! U or i tit. Mid who mi hi that the
twtdher etiflht to lie eon-Jittered tmrt or in«
Pfheolroem do* ot'tttlnn. nnd ot fhnt of tno
boy who, when kept after anhool ttnd re
lire ved iot btiil conduct, blubbered out: "I
ddii't fee how you enn expect anybody to
behuve when you wear Ihatrurfly arena
week after woek," , : » ,
About Clubs for Boys.
Every mother of a boy must hnve ob
served that ns they grow older the lads
who as children uaed to come frcoly Into
the hoUBo-to play with her son become
shy and hang around outside whistling for
him, but never venturi.-jg to ring the bell
and ask for him. As'chlldren they had no
cortscloua personality, vere wholly intent
on absorbing the universe. But when a
boy uees his feet protruding too far below
his trousers legs and his hands shooting
out awkwardly beyond his coat sleeves he
becomes uncomfortably aware that ho
has a body and an identity. He is no
Jonger a child;' neither is he a man, and
ho feels ill at e.ise in the presence of hi3
elders, j He needs a Uttle wholesome let
ting alone till he has time to get acquaint
ed with himseli' and adjusted to the new
conditions. -.<;. ,
This is the time when wise mothers ln
the clubs hold a consultation to determine
which of them . shall tun: her third-floor
dancing hall into a boys' club which they
fit up, not with "sissy" books' ard pic
tures of seraphs, but with bearskin rugs,
stags' heads, gymnastic apparatus and a
big dog to join In the sports.
There is still the widest latitude for
work in the line of clubs, reading rooms
and playrooms for the children of the
tenement districts. We do not appreciate
their hunger for amusement. In the long
winter evenings there should be a club
room within walking distance of every
boy and girl whose home offers no oppor
tunities for pleasant and profitable recre
ation and there are many/ society halls,
schoolhouses and churchesnn these locali
ties standing in dumb yet eloquent pro
test at their own Idleness.
Workshops, sewing and cooking schools,
reading and clubrooms are the recreative
necessities of winter time. In summer,
which is the period of maximum physical
and minimum mental development, the
children should live out of doors. At this
very moment when clubs are adjourning
and schools are closing there is pressing
need for activity among city clubs In
arranging for vacation, schools and
playgrounds. The city 'already has parks,
boulevards, roof gardens and ball
grounds, but these are for children, who
can spare 10 cents for car fare and are
barred from the little ones who have
greatest need of them.-'
In the city slums are thousands of chil
dren turned loose during. the summer va
cation with no alternative but to play in
dirty alleys among malodorous garbage
boxes. They never see a bit of green
sward, their homes are unfit for human
habitation, the streets are no better, the
mortality during the heated term is
frightful. , The adults who can do so find
their -way to the parks, remaining there
until driven -out 'by. the police at mid
night. During an : exceptionally hot-rsea
son so many of these.people, bagged; to, be
allowed to sleep on the . grass . all night
that the authorities relaxed the regula
tions and permitted them 'to -stay. Mos
quitces and night fogs • were . bliss com
pr.red to the stifling rooms and nauseat
ing Qdors of their hoines.
Vacation Schools and > Playgrounds.
But the little children "sweltered in the
tenements night and day,* and for them
clubwomen co-operating - wrth philan
thropic individuals and corporations have
opened vacation schools and playgrounds.
Boston established the first playground
twelve years ago. Baltimore, Philadel
phia, Providence,' New York and Chicago
all maintain them,, but the supply ia in
adequate to meet the demand. 1 The care
takers say they get along very* well when
th^re are not more than 200 or -300 chil
dren for one teacher, but when there are
more they have difficulty in maintaining
order and directing the games. Babies in
their carriages, brought by older chil
dren, are . centers of attraction and are
well tended by motherly little girls.'
When the first vacation schools were
opened in Chicago in 1898 by the women's
clubs 6000 children applied for admission.
As there were but five ' schools, nearly
two-thirds of them had to be turned
away, it becoming necessary in one case
to call the police to control the crowd -of
parents and children " demdTiding admis
sion. « The number enrolled was 2450, mak
ing an 'average, of .490 "pupils to each
scaool. During the summer 12,000 children
were taken on excursions. • Some of them
living in the heart. of Chicago, had never
before taken a ride on the streetcars.
Simultaneously with • the vacation
schools the club committee opened six
playgrounds and schoolhouse basements,
putting into the former, wherever space
would admit, ¦ running tracKS, baseball,
sand bins, seesaws, parallel bars and
shaded benches. At first the children held
aloof, thinking • that 'they would be ex
pected to pay for the privilege of coming
They were accustomed to have* these
buildings and grounds closed to them dur
ing vacation. -But when they were made
to understand that they were welcome
without money and without price they
flocked to the grounds.
- But to-secure the greatest refreshment
for the body and soul nothing equals the
trip to the country— the real country
where there is room for the children to get
entirely away even from one another. The
city child needs solitude as much as he of
the country needs contact with his kind.
We have no right to expect a boy to be
come a single-minded, -upright man who
has never in his life lain on the grass all
alone, looking up at the sky through ¦ the
tree tops and listening , to the singing of
the birds, experiencing that peace which
passeth all. understanding. Until he ha3
done this he has. never "seen. God face to
face and talked with - Him as man talks
with his brother," and no man can com
port himself as though he were 'familiar
with the .things of the infinite who every
moment of his life has been pressed upon
and stifled by the. things that are finite
The difficult part 'of these outing trips
is to assemble thechiidren for the return
Journey.: -They hide away, regardless of
the starvation that confonts them, hoping
to be" overlooked an.1 left "in the world "
Gardening, for City- Children,
There is oneoutlet for childish enereies
so far as I am aware, never yet utilized T
should v,ery. much like, to see the cluhq
make the Pingree vacant 'lot experiment
with the school children. Ci^eriment
In the most crowded portions of the citv
there are single lota ¦ too > small for nlav
grounds, either wholly barren or over
grown with weeds, which could be imp*
for this purpose. Girls as well as Ws
could assist; the unsightly lota could bl
laid off into neat flower, lettuce and rari
ish beds, or if the boys prefe^d, ?ome *S
.them might be devoted wholly to corn and
potatoes. The work and the own?NWn
could be Individual or communistic th?
produce divided ; for family consumption
or sold and the proceeds made to contrib
ute to the pleasure and welfare of -all the
workers. . A flower garden or even a w£i i
kept -vegetable garden replacing the for
mer bone and tincan yard would havo it*
culture, effect -on both adults and children
of the neighborhood. •-"imren
„ Besides" Inculcating 'habits'- of. industry
the children would enjoy the" work Th«
love to see plants - grow ; ' love e vervt h i n£
that shows freshness and change - It il
my conviction that. nothing except theiW-i
cursions— which are : necessarily brief in
duration and somewhat expensive— would
afford the children so much pleasure nnS
proAt as -this .proposed -gardening. -&„
more wholesome consciousness could h»
inculcated in these children who never han
and never expect : to have , anything than
that of possession, proprietary right' Tf
would transform the Iconoclasts Into con
servators,;;the:street gamins Into Indus
trial magnates.-; - ¦ - . us
Prepared 3Y Experts and Specialists "for
- The- San 'Francisco Call
Remarkable Good Accomplished for Children
, in Country Towns, by American
'< Women's Clubs,
By Clara ICorn Baylis©,
GUAinMAttov'vim mnjCA'nntiAu oommittwm up this ibMNOtn vav>
MIlATiON QV WUMHN'U CMJUH.
(copy/mint, jwi.)
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The following communleatfoo Imu«4 «nd
wiMiiM ii/.ihn j/trtrt eemmUttfg at \.»f*\
No, m, International A«a«>P»ttt»wn at M»
«Uiinn*r,u h*m*l>ee« »$r*U\mt\p9\rw\%M
tUfuw/httul .lh# »iu*in*M HMrim* »f th« fit/
Umi in. ntftchlriMi* anil »lii..i trurtn* h«v«
taken an unfair ft.tv»r»t«¥» at llwlr *mpl>i)r«t4
in ihf* rtfiijMi tut Ihf »\i«t\pr w.n-k-iio, «*!«*•
w« *tiv» them no ii»»tl#« oi our intention ut
>.il«l iitum wlml w« w«Hi»"1i Ihrtl *• wuull ft'*
m»«i with them «r ili««u«* ih« mitturi Ihti
uut 6»ni*mU wr* tinr»«»i>nnhl«s Ihai «*• #i«.
Itirtftil th« ri*h» I" »llutm« who lh«> »fi«IUilr«
clffliu.. In '/up iImimm'I .ii. i.itiinf lust ri'iw iii.ui/
in.ti..- »ii«n b» t».riniiuif in Inarn «h«
lr*<1i»l Hm( mm Wl»ll In ¦•! lh« •*»¦«¦• » m*'
fhiiiUt I* irt »w»ivi., «ni , rurihi-r, thai w. «r#
riMntrii In nnd «</v»rn*' by inj"» wh-» ¦'¦ ""»
ni'xni.i ih hI nut NMiiclMtlun. All uf JhK»« ml*-
Ip.hII.ik rymrtu ¦•••« t» •m-n»«« frum »n
nuur>'u *rui »»»«"• « i»w1aru'y l<» P>»7" u « ln •
,| pt .|,if.1ly ton* |I«M l»r«r».»h» }J'"'"'A ,
Many 'if Ih- «v«l t'Hla«n3 nf mn yrw\*'*
»n, »«uim« u« why *« -I" not IH..K- .i j.ut.iti
nrC5 Fi&T^w^w^hf. uru
tHPnt In th# i<h>, ewln« (^ t»i«r# heln* .. |i«b.
ais iwartt.'Wii lasTiS as
pur? IhVtnJSUiii on r«or;l b*ror. «^P«Wlj.
knowina from p»Bt ««p»rlenee that tney «r«
on « ffilr irround, or listen to or treat witn
SSf'll »>«*••" th- policy of th*
•mnlovers to treat with their men a* inau
ffiS? knowing that in thU way only can
they whip them Into «"•••*•» A ••JKT'rtJhi
fair for them to orKflnUo,^ Th- m t^an oriLm
of their employe* to meet' them as an organl
* in°contradlctlon a to the 'Matfmentd that have
elded to make a universal demand for a nlne
hnnr workday on a basis of ten hours* ray.
SSugtoSX W"5w State,, to take effect
Mav "0 1M1. This notice was jtiven to the
cress and published all over the United States
Canada and Mexico, and has been reasserted
frr.rr time to time ever since.
On'lp?n I 1901.. the mach»nl S t9 of San Fran
cisco and locality sent out a notice In the form
of an tKreement statins what we desired to
evefy employer of machinists. These were duly
s^ed by the president and secretary of ths
delation with the seal attached. This no-
U«° C gave ih? employers to May 1 to confer
the proposition and give us an answer It also
stated that should there be any part of the
aire«nent that they did not understand or
wiir^o confer with us about we would be
pleased to meet them and explain our posit Jon.
After the serving of our agreement, the var
lotw trade unions concluded to make similar
demands and formed an association of repre
«ISatives from each trade union, known as
the Iron! Trades Council, comyisln? the fol
lowing Trades: Machinists, boilermakers. pat
ter^Tia'ters molders. blacksmiths, coremakerj
a^d™teaBTfitt^. Our employers were served
wUh notices virtually the same as those pre
viously«ent out by the machinists and author
izins the above councils discuss and settle
for eac" and all. From outward appearances
theslnotices were Ignored until April J?. when
notices were rosted on the bulletin boards of
the various shops in this city, and in most
Instances without si K natures. as tollowjj:
"Realizins the importance, of harmony be
tween the management and the employes of
this shop, and havins received a communica
tion from the International Association of
Machinist* containing certain demands and
not knowing whether these demands are in
accord with the wishes of the men in tne
shops? we therefore Invite one representative
man of the shop to meet us at Ruby Hall. CD
Po«t street on Tuesday. April 30. at 1:30 p. m
for the purpose of presenting any . grievance
they may h^re and to consider any suggestion
that may be offered for our mutual Interest
'"in Inswer to the employers* notice twenty
seven men were chosen by the several rtiojps
to meet the employers as requested at Ruby
Hall at the appointed time. They were received
by the Manufacturers' Association In succes
sion It seemed that they were an organized
body with a president, secretary, i stenograph
er and sentinel, who demanded from the men
credentials from their employers before they
were allowed to be seated. The employers had
neglected to furnish these, so the men were al
lowed to be seated upon being vouched for by
their spokesman. A programme had ben ar
ranged, with » a list of questions that were to
be asked trie men individually, and. their an
swers taken by the reporter. To this mode of
procedure the spokesman demurred, and he
stated that they were there to answer questions
asked ln the notice posted presumably by them,
and not there to answer questions or discuss
anytnlnff appertaining to the agreement they
had received from I. A. of M. : that they slm
p£? represented the men in the shops, and
were not there as representatives of the Ma
chinists' Association; that a committee of the
Iron Trades Council were awaiting In the ante
room who had authority to discuss and settle
that The spokesman told them that 90 per
cent* of the men In their shops were member*
of the I A of M.; that the agreements sent
out by the unions were in accord with the
wJ-hes of the men in the shoo: that they had
nothing further to say on the subject, and
would retire and give them an apnortunity to
discuss the matter with the committee in the
anteroom. This ended the conference.
The next conference was held between the
men ln the shop, through their committee, with
the employers In the offices, who told them that
they could not settle the matter— that It would
h&ve to be done through their executive board.
The dav of the strlkw. at 9 o'clock, a commit
tee of the men went to the flfflce and gave them
one more chance to say what they would do.
The answer was "Nothing." Th« men. struck
a< As to*the agreements sent out thera is noth
ing ln them that states who the employer shall
hire or ¦ discharge or anything outside of tha
apprentice clause that they have seriously ob
jected to. but they have refused to discux* th«
agreement with the unions In. any of itsT>ear-
Ines The unioaa are 'simply asking for a
shorter work day without any reduction of pay
and a fixed schedule for overtime work.
This covers the situation up to the present
time Since the. strike the actions of the men
speak' for them. They quietly quit their work
and have attended - strictly to their -business
ever' since and are perfectly willing, to rest
their case with the pubHc. -
H. M. KURNKTT.
WM. DELANET,
Committee.
¦ «
IRON TRADE
MAKE PUBLIC
A STATEMENT
THE SAN • PBANCISCO GAXX,, ..' WEDNESDAY. MAY : 29. IOOi;
. Parker's - Hair Balsam keeps ' the , hair soft
and, plentiful and restores the color when gray.
. '. Hind ercorns, the beat cure lot corn*. ttrta -¦
"CORONADO TENT CITY, Coronado Beach.
Cal.. will be the por»lar lummer : resort this
season.*. It became famous last year for com
tort. ' entertainment and health. . Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the flah'ns: unexcelled.
• Since there-is sornuch talk among Eastern' Demo
crats of the advisability of making the- next "Presiden
tial fight on the issue of tariff reform, we may hear be
fore* long of a movement to renominate Cleveland.
J When a; party , once, gets started on the back track
tthere is no telling where it will stop.
I Some people who are never satisfied .'with a quiet
life, even when they have a chance to enjoy one, are
trying to disturb the serenity of the season by getting
up a public debate between 'Missionary Ament and
j -Mark Twain.; V- • . .; . ¦.,.¦>¦ y.- .
tow Bates and Fast Time to tha Pan
. American Exposition. ' :
Round-trip rate to Buffalo. JS7. Time of the
Union Pacific Railroad, three and a half days.
Tickets on' sale at all offices ot the Southern
Pacine and Union Pacific Railroad companies
D. "W. Hitchcock, general agent. 1 Montgomery
street. San Francisco. _ , * «
, Because -of the bright colors' used; in- the 'exterior
decoration] of the buildings the' Buffalo Exposition' is"
called "the rainbow, city," arid ",from all reports the
midway is agenuine.aurora'.boreaiis.' • V .
Senator Quay has announced an intention to "retire
from politics at : , the end of this term, and as he has
added that He has no enemies to punish, it woiiid seem
that the opposition- to him has -been completely
cleaned out. ¦;'• / -
..Now that' the. Supreme . Court has turned over to,
Congress^U questions relating to the import of goods
from the Philippines it will be more than
ever to ¦American labor to send sound protectionists
to 4he. House to guard against the danger, of cheap
labor competition with American products.
"It Is Up to You."
6
Call oobscrlbrm contemplating: «. chance *f
residence durlna- tbe «nmmer months can barn
tkelr paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notif ring: The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
VMorts and Is represented by a local *as;eat la
all Uwbi on tbe coast. . ¦ .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWI FOR THE SUHHER.
By R W. Scott— "Wednesday. May 29. at 11 o'clock. Trot-
ting Hor»»B. at Alameda Training Track— Lapman's Stablea.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
California.— "Phroso." t
Central— "The War of "Wealth." : .
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker." 1 .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Importance of Belns Earnest."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Glorlana.."
Grand Opera.-house— "Cleopatra."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Special ties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. ¦ I
Alhsjnbra— Benefit Children's Hospital, Saturday matinee.
June 1.
Sutro Baths — Swlmmtnr.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races . to-day.Longshoremen Are Disgusted.
The Longshoremen on the front are
sfraid they will have to work on
Memorial day for an ordinary day's pay
THE British bark Cambusdoon is
at last cleared and ready to sail.
For five days she has been tied up
in the stream and Captain Robert3
was beginning to think he would
never get away. A very unwelcome guest
in the shape of a United States Deputy
Marshal ran thines to suit himself and
Until he cave the word the Britisher had^
to remain at anchor. .
The Cambusdoon came here from Ant
werp with a general cargo. Among It was
considerable cement and sqms whiskv.
The voyage around the Horn was a' long
one and during some of the cold nights
the crew broached cargo and when the
vessel arrived some of the whiskv was
missing. The cement also was damaged
and the consignees refused to accept de
livery. The case was carried into the
United States courts and the work of dis
charging went on. When comoleted the
Cambusdoon was taken- to Port Costa,
where 60,346 centals cf wheat valued at
$63,520 was put aboard, and last Thursday
Ihe vessel came down ready to sail. The
case in court had not been settled, how
ever, and the plaintiff,, fearing the bark
would sail away and leave him without
recourse, put a United States Marshal
aboard to hold her.
This did not please Captain Roberts,
while the charterers of the vessel madt? a
vigorous protest against her being held.
Grumbling did no good, however, and
finally the matter was amicably arranged
yesterday and the Cambusdoon will sail
to-day. A crew has been secured, the
sails are bent, and if everything goes -well
the Cambusdoon will be on her way to
Cork for orders at noon to-day.
The Cambusdoon took 175 days to come
here from Antwerp, but- Captain Roberts
is in hones of clipping a month oft that
time in the run home.
. » ¦
Diving for Lost Tools.
When the superstructure on Arch Rock
was damaged during a recent storm a
considerable quanity of tools and machin
ery was lost. Four drills went to the
bottom, part of one of the pumps went
down and a number of small toois wer^
lost. Divers are now -&t work and yester
day two cf the drills were recovered. As
iho drills came out of the holes the lo
cation of these latter were lost and they
have to be found again. When found
cnius of powder connected by an electric
wir? will be put down and these will re
main In position until the rock is ready
t-j be blown up. It Is expected that all
the lost tools and machinery will be re
covered by the end of the week.
British Bark Cambusdoon, Loaded and Ready to Sail, Has Been
Detained Five Days Because a Difference Over Some Damaged
Cement Could Not Be Settled to the Consignee's Satisfaction
PREVENTED FROM LEAVING PORT
BY THE UNITED STATES MARSHAL
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the, order of occurrence as to time or
day the third time column gives the last tide
of the day except when there are but three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of. reference is
the mean of the lower low waters. .
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United • States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and. Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street . wharf) about
tWenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at-, both places.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Slay 28.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, " San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ••
Stmr Eon Bias, Cattarlnlch, Panama; P M
SS Co.
Stmr Pomona, .Shea, Sureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Ger etmr Kambyses, Grimm, Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn Archer, Hardwick, Honolulu; , Welch
& Co.;. '-
Schr Transit, Poulsen, Kahului; Alexander
& Baldwin. • _ _ .
.Tuesday/May 28.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgrett, San Pedro.
I Stmr Coos Bay, ¦ Nopander, San Pedro.
.Stmr. Geo ¦W Elder, Randall, Astoria. "V
. Stmr San Bios, Cattarinich, Panama.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. -. ¦ ; •' : . ¦ \
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, Tacoma.. •
US stmr Wisconsin, Rieter, Port Orchard.
fl Br itmr -Wellington, Salmond. Chemalnus. -:
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. /
f * Tuesday, May 28.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor. I
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 19 hours from Caspar.
Strnr Greenwood, • Fa«erlund, 14 hours from
Greenwcod.'-
Stmr Hyades, Garlich, 80 hours from. Seattle.
The British bark Cambusdoon cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 60,346 ctla
wheat, valued at $63,520, and 17,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at $235.
Wheat Shipment.
The Mozambique will load wheat "at Tacoma
for Europe at 37s 6d; chartered prior to ar
rival. ¦
Departure of th.e Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Bias sailed yesterday for
P&r.ama and way ports with a general cargo
¦••elued at $67,422, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $4634; Central America,
$61,363; Panama, $1425. The cargo included the
following:
For Central America—5 pkgs agricultural im
plements 60 csks bottled beer, 8 colls cordage,
3360 gals' coal oil, 1100 bbls cement, 75 bales
cotton, 149 bdls dry gpoda, 11 cs drugs, 64 bales
cotton domestics, 1517 bbls flour, 63 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, 23 cs hardware, 11 kegu
lead. 27.5S0 teet Jumber, 15 pkga machinery, il
era onions. 55 crs -potatoes, 25 bdls pipe and
fittings. 466 pes pipe, 53 pkgs paint, 127 bales
paper 80 kegs powder, 1151 pkgs railroad ma
terial, 4800 lbs rice, 4590 lbs rosin, 19 pkgs sew
ing machines, 51,iso6 lbs tallow, 36 pkgs wagon
material, 250 rtels wire, 56 cs 629 gali wine,
345 gals 156 c& whisky. '
For Mexico —10 cs coal oil, 5 colls cordage 20
tons coal, 229 cs assorted hardware, 47»O feet
lumber. 12 pkgs paint, 8 bdls shovels, 106 gals
For Panama —1500 gals wine, 300 bbls Hour.
Shipping Merchants.
>Iatters of Interest to Mariners and
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The battleship Wisconsin sailed for
Puget Sound yesterday. She will go on
the Port Orchard dry dock to be cleaned
and painted and will then come back here
to fit out for her voyage to China. She
vill relieve the Oregon, which conies
home for repairs.
During the rush to the goldfields the
steam schooner Aloha was changed into
a passenger vessel. Now the rush is over
she is being changed back into a Pteam
Petitioner and will go into the Fort Brags
lumbex- trade.
A new four-masted schooner Is being
built on Puget Sound for J. R. Hanify &
Co. She will be 200 feet long, 38 feet 6
inches beam and 14 feel deep. The firm
intend her for "off shore" trade.
"Water Front Notes.
The Palena of the Companla sud Ameri
cano de Vapores has made up considerable
timo on the run from Acapulco end will
g-ot here Saturday morning, instead of
Mcnday, June 3. She left Acapulco on
the afternoon of May 24 and made four
stops between that point and Mazatlan.
She left the latter port on the 27th inst.
ami the caotaln wires that he will get
h«.re Saturday. The Palena will, dock at
Howard 3. . . ,
The Pacific Mall Company's San Bias
sc!!ed for Panama and way ports yester
day. She took away about half a dozen
passengers and a' light carj?o.
Central American Steamships.
Captain Clifton Curtis, late of the ship
Belle of Bath, takes command of the new
schooner,' William H. Marston.
Captain Quick of the ship Henry Vil
lard, goes East to take command of the
steel four-masted bark Edward Sewall.
Captain Lewis, late of the Kennetec will'
take command of "the Vlllard.
Captain E. P. Hardwick has taken com
rnr<nd of the barkentine Archer, vice Cap
tain Calhoun, who remains ashore on sick
leave.
Captain Fred. Warner has taken com
rr.enil of the steamer Newsboy and will
sail for Nome in her to-morrow at noon.
Changes of Captains.
and in consequence they are seeking for
seme one on whom they can pour out the
vials of their wrath. Some time ago the
Union arranged a schedule of wages to
which, after some wrangling, the em
plovers agreed. The new scale called for
50 cents an hour and $1 for overtime,
Sundays and legal holidays. Had the ta
ble prepared by the Union rested there ail
would have been well, but it goes on to
name the holidays and among them
Memorial day is not mentioned. The
men want a dollar an hour for working
on Thursday, but the bosses point to the
c&xO. and say it only calls for 50 cents, and
so the matter rests for the present.
Steamer Movements.
Bark Diamond Head, Peterson, Honolulu.
Bktn Archer, Ilardwick, Honolulu,--.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, Ih
tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Fort Ross.
• Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 2S, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per' hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. v._
\ PORT HADLOCK— Palled May 27— Stmr Rob
ert Dollar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 27— Stmr Centennial,
hence May 23.
Sailed May 27— Stmr Santa Ana, for Cape
Nome; stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
Arrived May 2S— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay; U S stmr Samoa, from Tocoma.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed May 28— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 28— Stmr Santa
Ana, from Seattle, for Cape Nome.
Sailed May 28— Schr Reliance, for Cape
Nor.e.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 2S— Stmr. Se
quoia, hence May 27. *
NUSHAGAK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Lakme,
from Seattle. I
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 28— Ship M
P Grace, from Honolulu; bktn John Smith,
hence May 10, for Port Blakeley; sohr Ad
miral,' from Honolulu.
Passed in May 2S— Br ship Mozambique, for
Tacoina; Br ship Clan Galbralth, for Tacoma.
EASTERN PORT.
. NEW YORK— Arrived May 27-Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived May 26— Stmr Argyll,
hence May 12.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived May 18— Br stmr Port
Albert, from Tacoma. • ¦ ¦ •
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 23— Br bark
Thetis, from Melbourne.
SWANSEA- In port May 15— Fr bark Pierre
Lotl. for San Francisco. .
SANTA ROSALIA— Bailed April 23— Br ship
Clan Galbraith, for Tacoma.
Sailed May 28 — Schr Commerce, for Puget
Sound.
ANTWERP— In port April 19— Br bark Fer
vaal, for Astoria.
LIVERPOOL— In port May 12— Br ship
Riverside, for Astoria.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 28— Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Angeles. '
SWANSEA— Sailed May 25— Br ship British
Isles, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived April 12— Br stmr Colom
bia, hence March 7, and sailed April 15 for
Valparaiso. May 20-Bktn Willie R Hume,
from Port Hadlock. ,
CUXHAVEN— Arrived May 27— Br stmr Rob
ert Adamson, from Astoria.
DUNGENESS — Passed May 17 — Ger stmr
Neko, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— In port May 14— Br stmr Car
lisle City, for San Dleeo.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 27— Chll stmr Pa
lcna, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to May 2S— Br stmr
Aorangi. from Vancouver.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior, to May 28— Stmr
Sierra, hence Ma> 9.'
ENSENADA— Sailed May 27— Stmr Chico, for
Pan Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 28— Stmr Koenl
gen Luise, from Bremen ; stmr Taurie, from
Liverpool; rtmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grossc,
from. Bremen.
Sailed May 28— Stmr Oreeonlan, for Hono
lulu, via San Francisco.
, LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mav 28— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, for Hamburg.
•GIBRALTAR.— Passed May 28— Stmr Scotia,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May '28-Stmr Rotter
dam, • from New .York, for Rotterdam. -
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 28 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for. Liverpool.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 28, 1901. •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building Was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.;: at" noon of . the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ' •
J. C." BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in charge.
Three Names Are Considered f cr the
Rectorship of the Institution
in Borne. )
ROME, May 28.— Three candidates have
b«en chosen by the congregation . of the
propaganda for the rectorship of the
American College, Vacant owing to the
appointment • on May 7 of Monsignor
O'Connell to the Bishopric of Portland,
Me. The names are kept secret, but- they
include the Rev. Dr. Thomas F. Kennedy
of Overbrook, Pa. Forecasts of the re
sults are premature at present. The con
gregation meets In June and -will then
make a choice, which will require the con
firmation of the Pope. •
CANDIDATES SELECTED
FOB AMERICAN COLLEGE
Before the meeting of the convention in
Confederate Hall, the Confederate Ladies'
Memorial Association held in Calvary
Church a memorial meeting for Jefferson
Davis, at which a memorial address was
delivered by Bishop Thomas F. Gailor of
the Episcopal Church. ' ¦' • ,
The exercises of to-day were almost en
tirely confined to the welcoming addresses
delivered by the ¦ representatives of the
people of .Memphis and of the State of
Tennessee, and by members of different
organizations affiliated with the United
Confederated Veterans. The only actual
business performed was the completion of
the organization and the ap
pointment of the committees on-resolu
tions and credentials. The committee on
resolutions will favorably report to the
convention to-morrow a. resolution sug
gesting that steps be taken to prevent
men. who were deserters from the Con
federate army, from procuring member
ship in the organization.
The sixth annual reunion of the Unit
ed Sens of Confederate Veterans was
called to order in the auditorium at 1:45
o'clock to-day by the Right Rev. Bishop
Thomas Gaylor, of Memphis. The auditori
um was beautifully decorated with the
National colors, while over the stage hung
pictures of General Stonewall Jackson,
General Robert E. Lee, General N. B. For
rest and others who had been leaders In the
Southern Confederacy. At the rear of the
stage, sitting in a semi-circle, were the
sponsors and maids of honor of the dif
ferent camps of Sons of Veterans, wear
ing various colored badges and streamers
pertaining 1 to their camps..
Division Commander James J. Bean, of
Lynchburg, Tenn., delivered the address
of welcome. In a brief address?- George
N. Myers, of Holly Springs, Miss., turned
the convention over to the commander
In chief, Biscoe Hlndman of - Louisville,
who made- a short speech and assumed
the chair. The convention took; a recess
and marched in a body to Confederate
Hall to participate in the reunion exer
cises with the Veterans.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 28.— Nearly 2500
Vettrans,, representing 1331 ennips of" the
organization, met . in Confederate Hall
this morning . for their eleventh annual
reunion. General Fitzhugh Lee, General
Joseph "Wheeler and General John B. Gor
don were present.
Fitzhugh Lee, "Joe" Wheeler
and John Gordon at the
Session.
Representatives of More
Than a Thousand
, Camps Meet. .
CONFEDERATES
HOLD REUNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, MAY 29,- 190 lw
BRITISH BARK CAMBUSDOON, "WITH , HER SAILS BENT, CREW
ABOARD AND ALL READY FOR SEA, IS DETAINED FIVE DAYS BY
THK UNITED STATES MARSHAL..
7
Steamer.
>cst
inat
[on.
Sails. I
Pier.
May 2O. ]
Kambyses...'. Hatnbg & Way Pts
3. Portland... Nome via Seattle..
A.mer. Mam.. China & Japan....
3ueen......... San Diego — ¦.
Hyades Seattle direct
May 3O. I
Mliance . Prtlnd & Coos Bay
I. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.
Mariposa Sydney & Way Pts
, • May 31.
Arcata '. Coos Bay ......"....
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Seattle &N. What
Eureka........ Humboldt ..]
..¦---¦ : June 1. . .- . 1
Empire .... Coos Bay ....:....;.
-orona Newport ....!......
Point Arena.. Point Arena
3t. Paul.'..'.... Nome, via Seattle..
Newburgr..;... Grays Harbor .....
South Coast.. Humholdt .\..
. f Jane 2. |
Pomona....... Humboldt — ......
Columbia..:.. Astoria & .Portland
Santa Rosa.. San' Diego
..•¦•• , . » Jane 3. ¦
Leelanaw..'... N. Y; v. s Panama..
3race Dollar., Orays Harbor .....
Rival....:....; Willnpa Harbor... .|
San Pedro.... Humboldt
• ¦ • • * Jane 4. I
North Fork.' . . Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
10 am
5 pm
1 pm
9 am
4 pm
5 pm
3 pm
10 am
I 4 pm
3 pm
II am
5 pm
9 am
12 m
9 am
2 pm
t pm
5 pm
2 pm
Pier 27
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 15
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier IS
Pier . 8
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier .2
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
- , 1
2 pm
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier ->
Pier 2
2 pm
I
9 am
[ 9 am
Pier 1 3
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Mty of Seattle. Skagruay & Way Ports. | May 2!
toanoke Nome. & St. Michael... j May 2!
lenator Nome direct; ............: May »
Mrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 31
Mty of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. May 3i
Valencia....'...". Nome direct May 3(
Ll-Kl .....". Skaguay ' & ; Way Ports. May 31
)regron. ....;.... Nome &¦ Port ' Clarence. June :
Tumboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. June ¦
rictorian..:....' Bkaguay & Way%Ports. June !
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Leelanaw....... N. Y. via Panama...... May 25
City of Peking. China and Japan May 2S
Arcata Coos Bay May 2S
Czarina..: Seattle and Tacoma May 2i
Eureka Humboldt May 2S
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. May 2t
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. May 2$
Kival Willapa Harbor May 3(
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. May 3C
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 3C
Corona Newport May 2C
Santa Rosa..... San Diego May 3C
Point Arena Point Arena May SC
Progreso Tacoma May 3C
Empire Coos Bay May 3C
South Coast.... Humboldt — v May 3C
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 31
Pomona Humboldt May 31
Umatilla 'Puget Sound Ports June 1
North Fork Humboldt June 1
Australia Tahiti June 1
Newburg San Pedro June ]
Palena Valparaiso &i.Way Pts. June. ]
Matteawan Tacoma June ]
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock.... June 2
San Pedro San Pedro June 5
Queen San Diego June 2
"W H Kruger. Tlllamook Bay "... June 5
Coos Bay San Pedro andWay Pts June.;
Acme San Pedro June I
Gaelic China and Japan. — ... June i
G. W. Elder 'Portland and Astoria... June I
WEDNESDAY, MAT 29.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
Time |
Pate — — Ft.
L. W
29",.. 3:04 0.8
30 ... 8:42 0.4
31 ... 4:18 0.0
1 ... 4:53 —0.3
2 .. 5:26—0.51
3\. 6:C5— 0.6
4 ...| 6:43-O.6|
. i Hi "a
I Time]
-.4:49
..7:24
i. m.
Time Time
Ft. - — - Ft.
H W L. W
9:42 4 1 2:26 2.2
10:3(1 4.3 3:03 2.6
11:20 4.4 3:42 2.8
12:05 4.5 4:16 3.2
I 12:4R 4.5 4:56 3.2
!| 1:30 4.6 5:341 3.2
I 2:101 4.7 6:23| S.2|
II W
9:00
10:00
10:29
10:59
11:34
.i i
m
5.7
5.8
6.8
6.8
5.8
5.7
1 1
I
Steamer.
>cst
inat
[on.
Sails. I
Pier.
May 2O. ]
Kambyses...'. Hatnbg & Way Pts
3. Portland... Nome via Seattle..
A.mer. Mam.. China & Japan....
3ueen......... San Diego — ¦.
Hyades Seattle direct
May 3O. I
Mliance . Prtlnd & Coos Bay
I. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.
Mariposa Sydney & Way Pts
, • May 31.
Arcata '. Coos Bay ......"....
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Seattle &N. What
Eureka........ Humboldt ..]
..¦---¦ : June 1. . .- . 1
Empire .... Coos Bay ....:....;.
-orona Newport ....!......
Point Arena.. Point Arena
3t. Paul.'..'.... Nome, via Seattle..
Newburgr..;... Grays Harbor .....
South Coast.. Humholdt .\..
. f Jane 2. |
Pomona....... Humboldt — ......
Columbia..:.. Astoria & .Portland
Santa Rosa.. San' Diego
..•¦•• , . » Jane 3. ¦
Leelanaw..'... N. Y; v. s Panama..
3race Dollar., Orays Harbor .....
Rival....:....; Willnpa Harbor... .|
San Pedro.... Humboldt
• ¦ • • * Jane 4. I
North Fork.' . . Humboldt
Bonlta Newport
10 am
5 pm
1 pm
9 am
4 pm
5 pm
3 pm
10 am
I 4 pm
3 pm
II am
5 pm
9 am
12 m
9 am
2 pm
t pm
5 pm
2 pm
Pier 27
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 15
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier IS
Pier . 8
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier .2
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
- , 1
2 pm
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier ->
Pier 2
2 pm
I
9 am
[ 9 am
Pier 1 3
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Mty of Seattle. Skagruay & Way Ports. | May 2!
toanoke Nome. & St. Michael... j May 2!
lenator Nome direct; ............: May »
Mrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 31
Mty of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. May 3i
Valencia....'...". Nome direct May 3(
Ll-Kl .....". Skaguay ' & ; Way Ports. May 31
)regron. ....;.... Nome &¦ Port ' Clarence. June :
Tumboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. June ¦
rictorian..:....' Bkaguay & Way%Ports. June !
WEDNESDAY, MAT 29.
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
Time |
Pate — — Ft.
L. W
29",.. 3:04 0.8
30 ... 8:42 0.4
31 ... 4:18 0.0
1 ... 4:53 —0.3
2 .. 5:26—0.51
3\. 6:C5— 0.6
4 ...| 6:43-O.6|
. i Hi "a
I Time]
-.4:49
..7:24
i. m.
Time Time
Ft. - — - Ft.
H W L. W
9:42 4 1 2:26 2.2
10:3(1 4.3 3:03 2.6
11:20 4.4 3:42 2.8
12:05 4.5 4:16 3.2
I 12:4R 4.5 4:56 3.2
!| 1:30 4.6 5:341 3.2
I 2:101 4.7 6:23| S.2|
II W
9:00
10:00
10:29
10:59
11:34
.i i
m
5.7
5.8
6.8
6.8
5.8
5.7
1 1
I
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Leelanaw....... N. Y. via Panama...... May 25
City of Peking. China and Japan May 2S
Arcata Coos Bay May 2S
Czarina..: Seattle and Tacoma May 2i
Eureka Humboldt May 2S
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. May 2t
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports. May 2$
Kival Willapa Harbor May 3(
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. May 3C
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 3C
Corona Newport May 2C
Santa Rosa..... San Diego May 3C
Point Arena Point Arena May SC
Progreso Tacoma May 3C
Empire Coos Bay May 3C
South Coast.... Humboldt — v May 3C
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 31
Pomona Humboldt May 31
Umatilla 'Puget Sound Ports June 1
North Fork Humboldt June 1
Australia Tahiti June 1
Newburg San Pedro June ]
Palena Valparaiso &i.Way Pts. June. ]
Matteawan Tacoma June ]
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock.... June 2
San Pedro San Pedro June 5
Queen San Diego June 2
"W H Kruger. Tlllamook Bay "... June 5
Coos Bay San Pedro andWay Pts June.;
Acme San Pedro June I
Gaelic China and Japan. — ... June i
G. W. Elder 'Portland and Astoria... June I
AD VEHTISKM"ENTS. . - . .
My RHEUriATISn CURE is justss
certain to cure rheumatism as water
Is to quench thirst. \ No matter what
part of the body the pain may be in
or whether it is» acute or chronic.
HUNYON'S RHELTIATISH CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and i
fully cure la a few days.— flUNYON. I
Mur.yon's Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of ;
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including
the earliest stages of Briphts Disease, can be cured
with Munyon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon'sCatarrh Curewill cure catarrh oflhe head,
throat and stomach, no matter of how long standing.
Nervous affections anddUeases cf the hrartarecon-
trolled andcured by Munyon'sKerve andHrartCure.
Munyon'sColdCure will break upanyformofcold.
Munyon *t Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $ i. ¦...
The Guide tn ITpallb (free) tells about disf asc t
and their cure. Get it at any drug store. The Curei
are all on sa'e there, mostly at 15 cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia.
Bcxiov*- tvtt •''•• «t--t-- • »Tirnn.
AMTJSE2CEXTS.
«* THE GREATEST HIT OF ALL."
EVENING S AT S.
ANOTHER BIG TOY SGUTEN1S
MATINEE SATU3DAY, JUNE 1st.
EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDING
THE
1 U I l¥IAl\trf I
SPECIAL MATINEE
DECORATION DAY, MAY 30.
POPULAR PRICES J5c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
DECORATION DAT MATINEE" THURSDAY
MAY 30TH.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success of
MELBOURNE MacQOWELL
Supported br FLORENCE STONE In
?'CLEOPATRA."
One of the Most Elaborate Prbductlons Ever
Seen on Any Stape.
Xo advance in prices — 10c. ISc. 25c. 50c. A
few seats, 75c. Good orchestra seat, all matl-
rees, 25c. Branch ticket office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK- MELBOURNE MACDOTVELL
IN "LA TOSCA."
ALL THIS WEEK~(EXCEPT SUNDAY)
••Brilliantly witty farce well played."— Chron-
icle.
"The performance was excellent-" — CalL
"Too good to miss." — Examiner.
"Impossible not to enjoy It."— Bulletin.
HENR Y MILLER
And a strong supporting company.
TVIOTPF A SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATI-
1TV> I 1— NEE Will Be Given THURSDAY
Instead of Regular Wednesday Matinee.
USUAL MATIXKE SATURDAY!
FIRST TIME HERE OF
THE IMPORTANCE
OF BEING EARNEST.
By Oscar Wilde.
In Preparation— "DARCY OF THE GUARDS"
BELASCO *"> THALCSjfcfrf^,
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW,
Decoration Day.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Elaborate Production of the Powerful Melo-
drama.
THEWAffOr
WEALTH.
Great Scenic Features— Thrilling and Exciting
Climaxes, etc. - #
PDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 23c, 35c. EOc
I filler Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
XEXT WEEK— "OLD GLORY."
flYHSATRE *4>
MATINED TO-MORROW (DECORATION
DAY).
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE.
L»A6T FIVE NIGHT&
"THE FIRST BORN"
AND
"GLORiANA."
THURSDAY. SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
FAREWELL MATINEES.
FEATS NOW SELLING FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORRNCB RODERTS
In Julia Marlowe's Success,
" FOR BONNIE PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, first six rows, 75c.'
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
6PRINO MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur«-
<lar Friday end Saturday. Rala or Bhlae.
Five or more races each day.
Hares etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats Jeave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12-20 1. l'3O 2. ::3 ° an<1 * P- ra-t connecting
xvith train* stopping at the entrance to the
track Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
tlectric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
mo direct to the track :n fifteen minute*.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
It. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTESUANDJiOO
...THE FLYING JORDANS...
AND A HOST OF OTHEU VAUDEVILLE
STARS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, TflE AMATEURS
And THE LADY SECTION HANDS in a
BPIKE-DRIVING CONTEST. . ;•, ;
Telephone for Beats— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
Open Dally from 3* a. m. to II p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. tn.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 6c '
Bathing, including admission. 25c; Children, 20c
OR. PIERGE'S ELECTRIC BELT;
? America Ahead of the World in Electrical Inven- ' '
? tionsf Every body know* thUI 'Our new Body-'
? Battery, (U. 8. Patent) Is strictly an American'
" invention— Til K Belt of the Century. It sends a.
* powerful, reversible current through the human ,
.body from Head to Foot, enring Chronic &nd.
, Nervous Diseases and Weakness of Male or Female .
. as if by Magic So positive are we that no other ¦ >
. belt is the equal of " Dr. Fierce'*," taat we will send • >
• it UN APPKO' Al. for comparison with any belt"
? now sold in America. "'Seeing Is Believing.' 1 - | ;
t NOTE.— We nerer send belts "On Trial," there- 4
V fore in ordering "Dr. Pierce'*" so risk is ran of ?
? contracting Skin l»Uea*e or other Disorders by f
? usinjt an appliance »r«Tfon«ly warm bj othir*
? MfMM- Call, or send a 2c. stamp for new "Booklet T
tXo-f Address: PIEKCK IILECTTRIC CO. I
£ 1145 P.nwrtwnr, "<«ar Wih S- > »w York, f
Or 206 Post St» San Francisco.
JxJjl&JH' INJECTION. <
f"^A PERMANENT CURE f
! ] i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea £
i ¦ end Gleet, jruaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
i ! days ; no other treatment required. > 5
i , - Sold by all druggists. 5
DIRECTORY
OF' RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price List3 Mailai
; " on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IROX
If «|| CAW r. rn ICO Battery Street.
J-L- W1L3U11 t tU-.- telephone Main ISM.
'.H-- *: . COPPERSMITH.
f W CM1TH £h| P Plumblns. Steamboat an1
t« IT* Oiulllli Ship Work a specialty. IS and
18 Washington it. Telephone Main UU.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES&CO. gBT&fSSffW"
OILS. ,. ,
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front «t. S. T. Phona Main 1719. |
PRINTINO.
EC HPGBES, mnSSZSi-v.'
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. '
1» First Street. San Fnadaco.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. - '-.
The Tripler liquid
Air Company
(PARENT COMPANY.) - ...
CAPITAL STOCK, $10,000,000, or which th« TREASURY holds $5,C00,(XXX
SHARES, |10. FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE. i
' NO BONDS NOR PREFERRED STOCK.
EXECUTIVE OFFICES. BOWLDJO GREEN BUILDING, NEW YORK . .
WORKS, 121 WEST 83TH STREET, NEW YORK, and WASHINGTON. D. C
DIRECTORS: I
CHARLES EASTMAN TRIPLER, President. 40 West 77th street. New York.
J. B. M. GROSVENOR, Vice-President, Textile Mfr.. 106 Madison ave.. Nott Yorto.
U. S. SENATOR JOHN P. JONES. Washington. D. C.. and Santa Monica. CM. .
EX-U. 8. SENATOR FRANK J. CANNON. Salt Lake City. .. -
STILSON HUTCHINS, Mergenthaler Unotype and Proprietor "Washington Times," Wash-
ington, D. C. - • . ~x ¦ .
HON. S.- W, DORSEY, mine owner, $2 Broadway. New York..
HON. WILLIAM A. VINCENT, Vincent. Goodrich & Bradley. Chicago. .
COUNSEL: x
Vincent, Goodrich & Bradley, Rookery Building, Chicago; Bowling: Green Bulldlnj,
New York. ¦ •• ' - ¦ ' .
;_ • • ENGINEERS: ¦ -
• . G."'A. Bobrick of School of Technology, St. Petersburg : Henry G. Catlln. M. E.
North American Trust Company, New York, Registrars and Transfer Agents; Gerald
M. Fennell & Co., Fiscal Agents, 11 Broadway, New York.
For the past third of a century the leading scientists of Europe have recognized th«
. tremendous possibilities of liquid air, provided it could be produced commercially. Twenty
years ago Professor Dewar of London produced at a cost of £700 a gobletful before th«
Royal Academy. Another English scientist. Professor Redmond, spent £20,000 endeavoring
to produce it. A French syndicate, headed by Vlctorien Vicy of Paris, expended 1.500,000
franca endeavoring to accomplish the same purpose, but it remained for an American to
. succeed where scientists of Europe had failed*
When Professor Tripler commenced his efforts to produce liquid air commercially it
was costing $o0G0 a gallon. Now, after an expenditure of J2CO.0CO and constant efforts for
seventeen years, it is produced at the company's large new works in New York City and
Washington at 5 cents a gallon.
During the past six months- the development of liquid air .
has equaled the progress made in the early history of electricity
in the first six years, as is proven by the successful operation by
this company of liquid air refrigerator cars on the Vanderbilt
system, and the erecting of a large refrigerating plant for the
Ballentine Brewery of Newark, N.J., which includes the supply-
ing of their refrigerator cars and the operating of 80. delivery
wagons as auto-trucks, utilizing liquid air as the motive power.
This company is operating daily on the streets of New York,
Washington and Paris its automobiles propelled by liquid air at
a cost of two-thirds of a cent per mile, capable of making a mile
a minute, and with a total weight of vehicle/ motor and liquid air
of only 600 pounds, charged to go 100 miles.
It is producing a light so brilliant that it is impracticable to
look at it with the naked eye, and 1000 candle power is being pro-
duced at the present cost of 1 6 C. P. electricity and 20 C. P.
gas. It is installing a 40.000 C. P. light in the heart of New
York City at the Central Park Circle.
Practical tests have proven that it will effect great economy in the metallurgical Indus- ' .
' tries, saving a large percentage of the coke consumed in the smelting Industry- which,
when it becomes in general usage, will amount to several hundred thousand dollars a day. to
redound to the profit of this company.
When combined with hydro-carbon it produces an explosive equivalent to dynamite at
a small fraction of the cost. In the commercial production of gases, such as oxygen, hy-
drogen, nitrogen and carbonic gases, it is capable of production at S3 per cent of the
present cost.-
Liquid air is the most natural refrigerant in the world, being
312 deg. below zero. What electricity has accomplished as a
motor power in metropolitan' traction vs. steam applied through
cable, supplying a more satisfactory power at 40 per cent of the
cost, is now being duplicated by liquid air to replace the present
ammonia, brine, sulphuric acid and ice systems. This means in
the course of time, the saving of 60 per cent of the cost under
the present systems, for which there was expended last year in
the United States $170,000,000, thus effecting a gross earning
of $100,000,000, which, if this company should receive but 15
per cent of the same, would amount to $15,000,000 per an-
num, or the equivalent of 150 per cent interest on its entire capi-
tal stock from the refrigerating industry alone, not to mention
its application to the balance of the world.
The parent company is establishing throughout ¦ the entire world licensee companies •
owning Irom 33 per cent to 45 per cent of each, among which there are now being rapidly
formed such State companies as New York, ?2,OCO,000 capital; New Jersey, $1,000,000; Ohio.
?2,0O0,C00; California. $1,000,000..
As an indication of the Character of the gentlemen constituting these companies we
publish herewith the names of some of the directors and principal shareholders of the Call-
' fornia company:
HOMER LAUGHLIN, Los Angeles, Owner LAUGHLIN POTTERY
WORKS, Ohio. 4
W. F. BOTSFORD, Los Angeles, President California Bank.
FRANK P. FAY, Los Angeles, President Fay Fruit Company.
ROBERT GRAHAM, Los Angeles, Manager FRUIT-GROWERS'
. EXPRESS (Armour & Co.).
This company was organized and its works are now being built in New York for the
refrigeration of transcontinental fruit cars by liquid air, effecting a saving of $60 per car
(28,0CO fruit cars were shipped East last year>. « -
From the above facts one can judge of the great future of
liquid air, which is manufactured by this, the only liquid air com-
pany in the world. This company absolutely dominates the pat-
ent situation, having expended upward of $100,000 in the pro-
curing of the same, in every country in the world granting patents
As one among many of the great strides that are being rapidly made the company
opened last month' its new 250 horsepower works, at a cost of about $100,000, in Washing-
ton, D. C. . .
. Undoubtedly the financial results attained by other great sole process discoveries, such
as the Westlnghouse Air Brake, Mergenthaler Linotype, the Bell Telephone and the early
electrical companies, all of whose securities have advanced many thousands per cent, will
be more than duplicated within a short space of time by the TRIPLER LIQUID AIR
COMPANY. -
I We offer until 3 P. M. THURSDAY. May 30th, I or remittances postmarked that date,
a ltmited amount of the treasury stock at $3 per share. The right is reserved to reject
or, reduce any subscription. Send for prospectus or call in person.
Subscriptions should be accompanied by check or draft made payable to the order of
GERALD M. FENNELL & CO., FISCAL AGENTS, ROOMS 66-67, CHRONICLE BUILD-
ING. SAN FRANCISCO. . , ~
> i advebtisements.
SENfFBOTlNT
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores L9st Vigor
to. Men. i
A Free Trial Paekaxa Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free "trial packages of a- most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical .Institute.
They cured somany men who had bat-
tled for years against the. mental and
nhvsical ¦ suffering • of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all w-ho write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ins from youthful folly, premature loss
oi strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves- at home, ¦¦¦-.'¦ <:--.
The remedy has a. peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act: direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
"Wayne, Ind., stating that you -desire one
of their free trial packages,--, will be com-
plied with promptly. • The Institute Is de-
Blrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free sample will enable them
to see how, easy, it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness t when ~ the proper , remedies
are . employed. The Institute makes i no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
cent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain - package, so * that Its recipient need
have no fear ¦; of embarrassment " or > pub-
licity. r*R«»aders are ' requested to .write
without delav.: . ' '
flffi||iiP^ SAME SHAPE
Wl£mm2\^ two qualities
DR. NG TOY KEE.
>—^ DR. NG TOY KEE,
/T X 210 STOCKTON ST.. OFP.
l~ \ UNION SQUARE.
|*y-»^ 1 MILLBRAE, Cal..
, f? S ' Dec. 10, 1900.
Wv 3 Dear Sir: For thirty
Bml jT years I have suffered so
lsr g (£*V ' ' VaaX at times life felt aJ-
A^H-iflmL most unbearable. The dif-
J^B^^^ ferent physicians I consult-
«8E5 'JsSmiW eA couM slve me no relief -
iVnfmirFliBrTtSr* pronounced it a compllca-
™«»Sfi§iy5ii**^ ticn of kidney troubles,
— Turiiaww etc^ j was constantly
feverish, pain in my side and had night
sweats. I am happy to say that with a month's
treatment and your - herb medicine I am to-
day a well woman. And take great pleasure tn
(tlvlngr this testimonial and hope you .publish
it so the public may know of your wonderful
MRS. MARIA BUETERSLOH.
|J^ FAVORITE
K FOR WEAK WOMEM.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tha Cui* 9 o?.. Gonorrhoea, Cleats.
• Strictures and analogous complaint*
' of tha Organs of Ga Deration. "- ::•¦
'j Price 11 a bottle. For sal* by drujesists. ~
flfeak Men: and Women
C HOULD USE DXUIAXA BITTERS, THE
• *-*. great Mexican . remedy; gives health ; and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 333 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? illustrate ihe difference |
between Izurd and p
OD O5^1/E2 «S<S i
[ A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. \
• Animal fat may cany disease with it and be jj
unclean and very indigestible. &
Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pure, \
3 sweet and dean. It never becomes rancid, u
5 It goca twice as far as lard or butter! '•
I Wesson's Salad Oil is far better value than *
i the finest olive oil and has the time flavor. ¦
$ Ask your friendly grocer for it. [
HOTEL-
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
j their headquarters at these hotels en-
| joy comforts and conveniences not to
i be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
I tion, courteous attaches f and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
I "HOTEL**
NOT A SANITARIUM.
An erroneous report has gained circulation
that the El Monte Hotel at Los Gatos is to be
run as a sanitarium. Mr. John Nevill, pro-
prietor of this popular resort, wishes the pub-
lic to know that the El Monte Hotel will be
conducted as a strictly first-class hotel, offer-
ing special inducements to families. ' -
AMTJSEMENTS:
ANOTHER~~BIG BILL.
SPECIAUUTINEE TOMORROW,
Thursday, May, 35, Dec nation Day.
REGULAR MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.),
MAY 29.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved.
HENRY LEE, AL LEACH AND THE THREE
ROSEBUDS. GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD.
OENARO AND BAILEY. LEW SULLY.
BURTON AND BROOKS, THE GREAT
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH, FAREWELL
WEEK OF JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN.
LANCASTER AND COMPANY. .
ALL THIS WEEK.
BARGAIN PRICES _
MATINEE 95c and 50c.
TO-MORROW kbservsd.
MR. JAMES HEILL SSRB&v. ¦.
Presenting
THE DRAMA OF ADVENTURE
"PHROSO."
A dramatization of Anthony Hope's fam-
ous novel of the same name.
PRICES— Evening. 25c. 85c, 50c. 75c, Jl.
Saturday matinee— 25c, 50c, 75c. > s~
COLONIAL GIRL."
PI^rHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE/
rlbOniin D Admission 10c.
Merle Stanton, Atlantis, De Boe, Gladys Mid-
dleton. Carter and Oerald, Peri and Lovell,
Power* and Freed and Clara Palmer. Hyde.
Reserved Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday.Th» pref»ure has ri*en flowly over the Pa^
cifir f.lope and conditions are becoming more
favorable for 6ettled fair weather. Ther* Has
been but little change In temperature except
at Carnon City, where, there has been a. Tine
cf 16 derree*. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperatures continue from 4 to 14
decreo* below the normal.
Thunderstorms are reported at Bait Lake
City end Kaltepel. Fog prevails along the
coast of California.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight May 29. 1501:
Northern' California— Fair Wednesday, ¦ with
Continued on* Page Eleven* .
The provision market'ruled ttuiet with an easy
tendency.' Some firmness wan shown early on
The oats market ¦ showed more' life than did
either wheat or corn, and ruled firm on a
good demand. July closed steady and unchanged
at 28%<82»%e. ¦.--,-¦. ,. •¦, ..,•;':-•-<¦¦
Trade in the corn pit was conflnedalmogt ex
clusively loathe" local .account. A, covering
movement was Induced by the marked improve
ment-In the cash demand and . by- the wheat
strength. July closed firm.' %c Higher, at 44c. •
CHICAGO, May 28.— July wheat opened firm
and unchanged to Vic higher at 73%®734c, with'
a fair demand but light offerings. Weather con
ditions caused an Immediate advance to 73%®
73%c, but on professional 'selling a reaction to
73Hc®78%c followed. Light receipts, good «x
port sales and advices of damages to European
crops Induced a stronger buying I movement
later, frightening the shorts, . and ' the. market
advanced steadily to 73"5»f/74r. the highest point
of th* day, at which it closed firm and %(&9ic
higher. . ' • • • ...
The market for evaporated . apples ruled
steady, but not active.* State common, 3@4%c;
prime, 4^<34%c; choice. 5fi5V4c; fancy, 6@6%c.
California dried fruits were not active, but
nominally steady. '¦ ¦¦" •• "•..-' »? • ; >••
PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. . .
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%#12c; Moorpark, SU®
13c ¦ ¦ - : • . •
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%f20c; unpeeled. - 6V4<3
10c. ' . - r . . ' ,.- ¦
EGGS— Receipts, 24,032 packages; steady.
Western ungraded, llli@<12V&c; Western select
ed, I3@l3%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, but quiet; fair refining,
3$ic; centrifugal, 96 test.- 4 9-32c; ¦;< molasses
sugar. 3V£c. Refined, quiet. . • -Jr* !
BUTTER — Receipts. 13.2<>2 packages;.' firmer.
Creamery, 15ftlSc; fRctory, \WlZ\ic. :'"!;•/
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; . -.No. V "•¦ invoice,
6 5-16e; mild market, dull;, Cordova, S'/iS'tt'ic.
Futures closed net. unchanged to five
points higher. Total sales were 12,000 Sags,
including: May, 6.45C! July, 5.50c; August,
5.55<S5.60c;~ September, 5.60c; October, 5.65@5.75c;
December, 6.85c; March, 6.10c. : ¦ .
WOOL— Quiet,
WHEAT— Receipts, 1S9.000 hushele: exports,
D0.00O bushels; spot. .firm. No. 1 red. 82%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, SO%c elevator; No. 1
hard Duluth, 85c f. o. b. afloat. Options again
ruled fairly firm all day with a small trade,
sustained by the lightness of offerings, a large
Decrease in stocks, further Western bullish
news and local covering, closed firm and %@%c
higher. May, 80%ffSlc, closed 81e; July. .79 1-18
«179 9-16c, closed 79%c; September, 76 1-16®
76 13-16c, closed 76%c.
HOPS-Qulet. :
HIDES— Steady. .
NEW YORK, May 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,313 barrels; exports, 9682 barrels; moderately
active and steady on choice grade*. ; but dull
otherwise.
New York Grain and Produce.
xxznxiess was gwu <jjx w*c wuimus ocwiuu ui
the Bond Exchange, and there were several not
able fluctuations. ' Oceanic sold at $46(^13. Con
tra Costa Water was lower at $S1 50@81 and
Honokaa at $21 62H®21 12%.
The only marked change in the afternoon was
an advance in Pacific Borax at $139@160.
There wa& no change worthy of mention in
the oil stocks.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will ray
a dividend of-?l per share on the 31st.
The Con. Imperial Mining Company has leviel
an assessment of lc.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 28—2 p. m.
" UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask. *
4s quar coup.tll3Hll* 4s qr cp (new). 138^139^
; 4s quar reg 113^114 3s quar coup.. 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5slO4»4 — Oceanic 102% —
Cal-st 5s. 117% — ' Omnibus R 6s. 126 —
C C Water 5s.l09 110 Pac G- Im? 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk & C H 6s.lO5 —
Fer & Cl R 6S.U7 — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st.5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H & C S 5%B.106>4 — Sac E G R 53. — 100
Do 5s 101*4 — S F & SJV 5S.120V4 —
Los Ang R 5s.H2%113^i Sierra Cal 6s. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (IMS) .: 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — U910> 114 —
L A & Pac os.102%104 S P of C 63
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — U9O5). ser A.108 —
Markt-st C 6s. - 127% (1905). ser B.107% -
Do 1 c m 5s.l22}4 — (1906) — 111
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912> — 123
Nor R. Cal 6a.. — 114^i S P qt Cal 1st
Do 5s 119% — cp gntd g 5s.lO5 —
Nor Pac C 6s. .100 — S P Br Cal 63.134 —
Do 5s — 109 9 V Water 63.113 llffl;
Nor Cal R 5s..ll3% — Do 4s — lOTJi
Oak Gas 5s 112 — Do 4s, 3d m.l02VilO8
Do Tran 6s.. 116^117% Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
Do Wat 5s... 104 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 8X 82 I Spring Valley. 86% 87
Marin County. 52% — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific U. 46% -
Equitable 3Vi 3?a Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — S F G & B-... 38%, 33%
Oakland BO — San Francisco. 4 4%
Pacific Imp ..34 34% Stockton — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 233 245 . /JtT&jEMKiiSiJ
BANKS.
Ansrlo-Cal 77 81 L P & A 14T —
California 408 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..l07% — S F National.. — 123
First Nat 310 315
-. SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — iSav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — |Securlty 275 —
Mutual 50 — ' i Union, Trust. .1400 —
San Franclsco.515 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 125 135 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio — 30
Market 70 7O',5
POWDER. *s- ' .
Giant 77 77%/Vigortt 8% 2%
„ SUGAR.
Hana ..". 7^4 8%|KHauea 18 19
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell S8% —
Honokaa. 21 — lOnomea, 20 22%
Hutchinson ... 13 lSvtlPaauhau 28 26', 3
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. '
Alaska Pack.. .127 129 Oceanic S S... 43 —
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. 139 161
M;r£x 110 — Par Paint IS —
Morning Session.
Board — . - .
.30 Contra Costa Water 81 50
75 Contra Costa Water 81 CO
B0 Honokaa S Co 2162^
60 Honokaa S Co 21 50
60 Honokaa S Co 21 37%
150 Honokaa S Co *. 21 12%
250 Makawell S Co '. 39 00
25 Market Street Railway 70 12Vi
15 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 45 23
10 Oceanic S S Co 45 50
30 Oceanic S 8 Co 45 0O
20 Pacific Coast Borax 156 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 38 50
¦ 100 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 50
Street—
15 Contra Costa "Water, s 60 81 50
300 Market Street . Railway 70 CO
$3000 S P of A bonds (1909) 113 25
$3000 S P of A bonds (1910) 114 25
£50.000 United States 4s (coup) 113 50
Afternoon Session.
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 113 CO
10 Makawell 8 Co 39 CO
5 Market Street Railway 70 12%
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 45 25
, 50 Paauhau S P Co 28 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax 139 00
30 Pacific Coast Borax 160 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 3S 50
30' Spring Valley Water 86 75
1 Spring Valley Water 87 00
20 Spring Valley Water 86 62*i
{500 United States 3s (coup) 109 S7>/j
Street—
60 Spring Valley Water 86 73
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board — „
50 Home Oil .' 325
250 Lion 15
200 Monarch of Arizona 42
1750 Monarch of Arizona, ¦ 80 41
ISO Monarch of Arizona 41 ¦
2CO Monarch of Arizona, ¦ 30 40*
60 Peerlew, b 90 8 50
50 Peerless nm
200 Petroleum Center .T."".. ...... M
600 Sunaet (original) ; 20
100 Wolverine g2
100 Wolverine go
100 Wolverine, b 30 .'.....;.....'.' 81
' Ptreet —
2000 Lion, s 30 .' U
Afternoon Session. .
Board—
2000 McKlttrick Consolidated, b 90 01
800 Monarch of Arizona. • 13 41
100 Oil City Petroleum 20
10OO Petroleum Center ; 05
8 Resd Crude ' 40
2C0 R*«d Crude ...-. 47
200 Sterling 153
STOCK MARKET.
' NEW YORK, May 28.— There was some show
of strength and activity to-day in Union Pa
cific and in Lackawanna, which had consider
able sympathetic effect in the railroad list.
There was fosi» independent strength shown by
a number of minor railroads, and finally there
was a hetereogenous assortment of minor in
dustrial stocks which advance on the influence
of Individual causes not always disclosed. There
was besides some natural recovery from de
clines of yesterday under the see-saw opera
tions of the professional group of traders, who
continued largely In control of the market.
The movement in Lackawanna. coming on top
of its previous advance of late, carried the
price up to-day a*s high as 241. The fluctua
tions were rapid and wide and the volume' of
dealings was comparatively small, eo small
in fact as to preclude the supposition of buy
ing for control in the open market. The ex
planation generally agreed upon was that
negotiations were on foot to secure large hold
ings at privcate agreement and that the bid
ding up of the stock represents efforts to put
the prices up to prohibitive figures on the part
of the Insiders who oppose a change of con
trol. That policy was successfully pursued
some time since m the case of Delaware and
Hudson, and that stock showed some sympathy
to-day with the Lackawanna movement. The
coalers otherwise were rather quiet. The
strength of the Wabash and Missouri Pacific
and the Southwesterns generally was related
to the Lackawanna movement, as the supposed
efforts to control the latter are in the interest
of that group. There was some large buying;
both of Union Pacific and of Southern Pacific,
accompanied by rumors that further large hold
ings of Southern Pacific had been secured and
would be applied as collateral for the Union
Pacific convertible bond Issue In addition to
securities formerly held. The strength of Atch
ison. which sold ex-divldend, was attributed
to the April showing net earnings. The tobac
co flocks fell somewhat into the background
later In the day, but they were active and con
tinued to advance in the morning with a per
sistence of rumors regarding the properties.
There was ttrength in American Car and Foun
dry stocks. Brooklyn Transit. Standard Rope.
Amalgamated Copper, General Electric and
Consolidated Gas. The formal announcement
that the banking houses representing the con
test for control of Northern Pacific had given
orders to relieve any of the London shorts,
who are honestly not able to make delivery by
payment o£ 15C for their contracts attracted
attention. The announcement wap accepted as
Indicating the continued' eagerness to spare
actual deliveries of th!s stock. The plans of
the Illinois Central to advance further in the
granger field and a purchase of a large Inter
est in the Ohio soft coal field reported to be
for the account of the Gould interests were
minor incidents that were thought to have pos
sible significance on the question of agreement
between the two contending - Interests. The
engagement of $1,500,000 gold for export was
not known until after the close.
Wabash debenture Bs and Standard Rope 6s
were strong and active. The railroad bond
market was generally 'dull and Irregular. Total
tales, par value. $3,780,000. United States re
funding 2s advanced Vi and new 4s % per cent
on the last call. •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— . . Bid.
22,*00 Atchison ,76%
6,500 Atchison prefd 9SV4
400 Baltimore & Ohio 10414
2,400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94
Canadian Pacific lOl 1^
... Canada Southern 65
2.0C0 Chesapeake & Ohio 48%
2,100 Chicago & Alton 41»i
600 Chicago & Alton prefd 78%
900 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 193',i
12,300 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 38
5,000 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 72%
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 124
Chicago & Great Western ,. 21%
Chicago & <Jreat Western A prefd.. 80
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. '45
200 Chicago & Northwestern 196
700 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific.'.. .152
WW Chicago Terminal & Trans ". 22
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 42
C C C ft St Louis 80Vi
3,100 Colorado Southern 14%
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 51
Colorado Southern 2d prefd , 22%
9.500 Delaware & Hudson 162
14.CO0 Delaware. Lack & Western 240
mo Denver & Rio Grande..... 44#
.'00 Denver it Rio Grande prefd 92%
27.100 Erin 40%
300 Krie 1st prefd G7'/i
Erie 2d prefd 54%
200 Great Northern prefd 178
, R00 Hocking Valley .....:.... 52%
l.'.OO Hocking Valley prefd... ilVt
100 Illinois Central 138V4
3,100 Iowa Central 34
000 Iowa Central prefd 60
Lake Erie & Western 55
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
3,900 Louisville & Nashville 102V6
1,500 Manhattan Elevated 119
3.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 168V4
1.S00 Mexican Central 25%
3.200 Mexican National 11
6.000 Mlnnearwlls A St Louis 94H
15.700 Missouri Pacific 106«i
1.600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas. 26%
3,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 57
200 New. Jersey Central 159
4,000 New York Central 150%
' 1,300 Norfolk & Western... 50%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd S7V4
Northern Pacific 140
Northern Pacific prefd 97%
. 8.400 Ontario & Western 32%
33.900 Pennsylvania 143
17.900 neading 42H
4.200 Reading 1st preM 76Vi
3.7fK) Reading 2d prefd 03V*
100 Rt Louis & Ran Francisco..; 44%
St Louis & San Fran l*i prefd KO
200 Kt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd «9
1«j0 St Louis, Southwestern 33>i
400 fit Louis, Southwestern prefd 62
9,000 Ft Paul 159V4
St Paul prefd...... ...........183
24,600 Southern Pacific 47T4
3,900 Southern Railway Z9%
1,100 Southern Railway prefd 82V4
1,900 Texan & Pacific ,. 46
400 Toledo, St Louis A. West 2IT4
»iO Toledo, St Lou In & West prefd 37
63.200 Union Pacific 102%
1,900 Union Pacific prefd.... ;wtt
19.400 Wabanh 2414
81,700 Waba«h prefd 42%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
....... Wheeling Sc Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 30
400 Wisconsin. Central- 19%
Wlnconitln Central prefd..... 42
P C C & St Loulu 73%
Express Companies—
' Adamo .....170
American ' .........192
United State* ; Si
.:.'.... Wells Fargo ..........'.................HO
Miscellaneous — • '
700 Amalgamated Copper ...... ..............115»i
37.RO0 American Car tc- Foundry.........;..; 28%
8,800 American Car & Foundry prefd; 81%
Nczv York Stock Market.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Sat<*. as compared with those of the nm« date
last neiLRon and the rainfall Jn the laat twenty-
PAN FRANCISCO, May 28. 1901-5 p. m.
H20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
•'Jordan* shelled almondn are firmer, some
holders asking as high as 33c. Stocks of Jordans
here. :t it said, are largely controlled by a
house which makes a specialty of confection
er.-' «-_M.iie«. Cables etate that supplies of
Jordii-f. in Fpain are practically exhausted.'*
"This market continues very quiet, with
prices jrenTa'Iy held firm. A slightly higher
cable was reported from Greece on currants,
but the ypot maiket is unchanged. Rather
more of a demand is coming in from the coun
try, tut the trade 1» Etlll contented to buy In
Fmall lots. Prunes are going out in a moder
ate way, with quotations fairly steady, o.inc
liusinefs Is reported in California unbicaiitfd
Sultana Raisins at 6%c. Seeded are meeting
a Mrall bale. Coast seeded put out under the
fpec'.sl lC-cent label are offered on the spot
at r,i,;«i6';,c.
Mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruit in New York.
r.urcka Summary — Favorable weather for
cmr* and all vegetation making vigorous
proWth. Rains have retarded haying, al
though some clover has been cut.
l»s Angeles Summary— Recent fogs and rain
brnefitrd late grain. beets and vegetables,
though detrimental to haying. . Bean planting
i« (.low in places on account of threatening
w-pather and ground being cold. Some com
plaint of Leans rottlne. •
Southern California— Nearly normal tempera
ture has prevailed during the week. Rain
ha? [alien in nearly all sections and has been
generally beneficial to crops, especially to late
M«n erain. beets, beans and corn. Cut hay
and early hcv<» been considerably dam
aped in s-ome sections and the continued damp
v-rathcr is causing rust on oats. Haymaking
hss l><?pn seriously retarded by the rain. De
clducu* iruits are in pood condition, but some
\.-iioT liaolzward. Citrus fruits and walnuts
ero dnjn? well, though walnuts have com
mpnctd dropping In some places.
San Joaquin Valley — The past week has been
exccplicc&lly cool, the first part clear and the
latter cloudy, with quite general rains on Fri
day and Saturday. Reports are very conflict
ing residing the effect of the rains on the
crops, but as a whole it is believed that more
gocd was done than harm. The cool weather
lias retarded the ripening of the grain crop
&nd been very beneficial in allowing the berry
to fill well. In a few localities some of the
heavy grain was lodged by the wind and
rain. Imt it is not believed that this has
caused any material damage. Late sown
jrrain has improved materially. Haying con
tinues and a large crop will be harvested.
Hay that was net stacked when the rains
came will be damared. but the loss -will be
Flight. Fruits of all kinds and vines are do
ing nioelf- Melons are making slow progress
owing to cold weather. Ditches are full of
water and creen feed is plentiful. Stock of
rI! kinds are in srood condition.
Coa^t and Bay Sections— Cool weather has
of.ntir.uf-i .iurir.g the week and rain has fallen
in aeesif all sections. In the central and
northern counties much damage has been done
by the unusual rains, principally to cut hay
and rine cherries, and in some places it Is
f^arrci these crops will be a complete loss.
.But I. tile damage has resulted to crops in the
Kouthem coast counties, where the rainfall
wnt lirfcUr than in the north; cherries, bar
ley er.il hay v.ere slightly Injured In Santa
Clara and San Kenito counties. Grain, corn
and nemrlr all other crops have been greatly
»>encilte<l by the rain and the prospect of a
heavy yield is much better than for several
years. Warmer weather would now be very
beneficial to hops and deciduous fruits.
Sacramento Valley — Cool, cloudy weather has
continued during the week, with frequent light
showers:. The rain has been , beneficial to late
Kiein. jiasturage. corn and vegetables, but has
caused considerable damage to early grain
gnu cut hay tn some sections. Haymaking
has b«>en greatly retarded and hops have made
but little progress. Green feed Is unusually
abundant. The cool weather and rain have
bet-n fctnerally favorable for orchards and
vint yards in preventing too rapid development
of early t:-uit, but early cherries and berries
have beer, quite seriously injured by the rain.
Apricot* and peaches are being shipped from
Ouinda. Orange trees are heavily laden with
Iruit; Clive trees are In full bloom and figs
Five, indications of a large yield.
cherries have been considerably injured by
rair. end in seme sections it is reported the
crop will be a total loss. The condition of
trees crA vines has been much Improved by
the rains. Peaches, apricots and cherries are
being picked and shipped East. Some varie
ties ot deciduous iruits are dropping badly,
owing: to the unfavorable conditions in April.
Decktuous n-uits and walnuts are in good con
dition.
Late sown grain continues in excellent con
dition and has. made rapid growth during the
pafct two weeks. In nearly all sections nortn
of the Tehachapi bountiful crops of wheat
&nd barJey seem now assured and in Southern
California there will be in many places a fair
yield. The early wheat is generally in good
condition, though there are some reports of
rubt and damage by rain and wind. Grain
harvesting and haying have been retarded by
the rain, but will commence with fair
vrather. Unstacked hay has been quite seri
ously damaged in many places, but the loss
cannot be safely estimated at present. Sugar
Iwets. corn, beans, alfalfa and other crops
have been greatly benefited by the recent
rains and will probably yield good crops. Hops
are in good condition, but have made slow
growth during the cool v.-eather.
The temperature has been slightly below
normal throughout the State nearly all the
w«>ek snd cloudy or partly cloudy weather has
prevailed in most sections. Unusuallly heavy
rain has fallen in all parts of the State and
ihunderftorms have occurred in some sections.
The rain is regarded as very beneficial, al
though it has damaged cut hay and ripe fruits
in many places. Irrigation water is plentiful
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop section of the
Weather Bureau, is as follower
The Weather and Crops.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog In the morning; fresh westerly wind.
ALEX G. McADIE, Forecast Official.
Utah — Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednesday,
probably light showers, clearing during the
day; light southerly wind.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednes
day: light southerly wind.
Southern Calif ornia— Fair Wednesday, with
fog on the coast; warmer, light westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednes
day: llrht southerly wind.
interior;
lerly.
fog on the coast; warmer in the
light southerly wind, changing to norti
LONDON,' May, 28.— Consols, 83 15-16; silver,
27%d;' French rentes, lOlf 15c; cargoes on pas
tag*;-qulet and steady; cargoes No.' 1 standard
California,' 29s 9d; wheat and flour on'pasnage
to united Kingdom, 3,330,000; wheat and flour
onpassage to Continent, 1,900,000. . ¦.;¦ ¦ . ¦¦ ',
LIVERPOOL. May 28.— Holiday ', In the grain
market.' Weather in England, fine and. warm.
- COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-32d. ¦
HOPS— At London: Pacific Coast, steady,' £4
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 28.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; Blue Stem, 6Uic; Club, 69%c, .
. The record' of wheat shipments from Tacoma
since 'January .1, ..1901, - nhowi an increase of
3,329,721 bushels, or 246 per cent, over the ship
ments from this port during th© first five
months of 1900.
WASHINGTON.
4 OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 28.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 69060c. . . . '
Cleared-Shlp Najade. for Queenstown, with
101,935 tushcls of wheat. ,.; ;\
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, May 28.— Clearings, $330,696; bal
ances, $76,085.
BOSTON, May 28.— There was little business
doing in the wool market here, but the de
mand continues only moderate. What sales
have been made were made at . former prices.
Territory wools continue to head the list of
sales. * Fine medium and fine staple is selling
at 40@42c. on the scoured basis, while the
strictly staple article is quoted at 44@45c.
Fleece . wools are also slow j and prices are
nominal. * ¦
• Territory, scoured basis: Montana— Fine
medium and fine, 13@14c; scoured, 42@43c; sta
ple. 45©46c. Utah. Wyoming and Idaho— Fine
medium and fine, 12©>13c; scour»d. 40@42c; sta
ple, . 44@45c. Australian, ¦ scoured basis, spot
pricee— Combing, superfine, 71@72c; good, 68®
70c; average, 65@67c.\
Boston Wool Market.
. CHICAGO. May 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts, ."000.
Shade easier, slow. Good to prime steers, $3 30
(ffB 05; poor to medium. $4 25(S5 25; stockens and
feeder? $3<i?« 10; cows and heifers, $3ig5; oan
ners". $2 35@3: bulls. $3«4 40; calves. $4@6 20;
Texas steers. $4 25<i?5 40; bulls, $2 75® 3 90. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24.000: to-morrow,
Z0.000; estimated left over, 3000; market 5c high
er, active. Mixed f»nd butchers', $5 65@5 87%;
pood to choice heavy. $5 75<?T5 90; rough heavy.
$5 60®5 70: ¦ light. ¦ $5 55@5 S2Vi; bulk of sales,
$5 75®5 85. • . " ,
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000; steady to slow;
clipped lambs slow, wooled weak. Good to
choice wethers. $4 30@4 55; fair to choice mixed,
I4 10®4 30; Western sheep, $1 35®4 55: Texas
sheep. $4 50®4 65; native lambw. $4@3 65; Weet
orn lambs. $5(33 65. '
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. May 28.— Cotton futures on the
rail of the market were easy, with prices oft
.1 nolnt*. The market closed barely steady,
10IS19 rolnts net lower. :
Nck' York Cotton Market.
\ NEW YORK, May 28.— Upon the resumption
of business In the London metal market- to
day after a three days' holiday traders found
that the boom which was In progress when
that market closed on last Friday had com
pletely disappeared. Liquidation was the or
der of the day and before the . decline was
arrested a loss of £2 10s was the insult, with
the final phases of the market weak and spot
quoted at £128 and futures at £12C. 17s 6d.
A good business was done at the lower level
of values. Here, however, asldo from a sym
pathetic decline of about 35 points, nothing in
the way of Important developments was noted,
the market ruling dull and easy all day and
finally closing easy, with spot quoted at $27 90
@2S.' Copper in London declined 8s to £69 Is
3d for spot and £69 12s 6d for futures, owing
to a dull trade at that point. The local mar
ket for that metal also experienced an unin
teresting session, demand being absent, and
prices ruled more or less nominal on the basis
of $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62% for cast
ing and electrolytic. The steadiness of pig
lead, however, was chiefly the result of the
strength in London, prices there advancing 7s
6d, closing at £12 8s 9d. The close here was
steady at $4 37V» for lots of fifty tons or over.
Spelter ruled dull here at S3 95@4. In London,
however, a loss of 5s was scored, closing at
£17 13s. Domestic Iron markets were some
what easy In tone, but wero not_ quotably
lower. Glasgow ¦ warrants closed at »3s 10 and
Mlddlesboro 43s 4»id. i
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' • July- 1 '
Opening ... ¦
Closing . Holiday.
Wheat—* A C ' May. July- Aug.
Opening „ ... .
Closing.... Holiday. .
Flour —
Opening ••• ,,„,,,,,,,,
Closing Holiday.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW. YORK. May . 2S.— Special cable and
telegraph communications from Bradstreet
show the following i-hanges In available sup
plies from the last report: Wheat— United
States and Canada/east of. the Rockies, de
crease 3,686,000 bushels; afloat for and In Eu
rope, decrease '400,000 bushels; total supply, de
crease 4,086,000 bushels. Corn— United fatat<?s
and Canada, east of the Rockies. Increase 3S,
000 bushels. Oats— United States and Canada,
east of the Rockies, increase 2000 bushels.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. May 2S.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany'S'sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Apricots— Seedling, single
crates.,$150@195. average ft 77: Newcastle, sin
gle crates. $1 10@l 60, average $153. Cherries—
Black Tartarians. boxes, 7Oc@$3, average $133:
Blggareau, boxes. ' average UOo. Two cars sold
to-day. Cool weather.
Porter Bros." Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows: Cherries— Tartarians. $1^
1'55: Purity, $1 20; Biggareau, $1 10; Centennial.
$110; Royal Anne, $130@180; Eagles, $130.
Cherries— Black Tartarians, boxes, $1@1 63,
average $1 23; Centennial, boxes, $1 10@l 75,
average $1 22; Royal Anne, boxes, $1 30(^1 75,
average $1 H8. Two oars sold to-day. Weather
favorable.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
and the following prices were realized: Apri
cots—Seedling, single crates, $1 50@2 40, average
$1 92; Newcastle, pintle crates, $1 20@2 15, aver
age $1 67. Cherries— Black Tartarians, boxes,
50c@$2 0!>, average 86c; Royal Anne, boxes, 70c
@1 65, average. $1 11: Biggareau, 90c@l 50. aver
age $1 98; assorted, 60c@$l 50. average $1 22. Five
cars sold to-day. Weather wet and unfavorable.
BOSTON, May i'8.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at. auction to-day:' Cherries— Black
Tartarians. boxes, B0c@$l SO, average $1 42;
Royal Anne, boxes. $2 15<g-2 50. average $2 46.
One car sold to-day. Weather wet; unfavor
able. '
Foreign Futures.
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 2S.
Flour, qr ska.... 33.743 Chicory, bbla ... 25
Wheat, ctls 51.170 Lime, bbls ' 1S2
Barley, ctls ..... 6,110 Leather, rolls ... 94
Rye ctls 450 Wine, gals 40,600
Potatoes, sks .... 1,120 Quicksilver, flska 30
Onions sks 653 Pelts, bdls 241
Bran, sks 1,220 Hides. No' 6T.S
Hay tons ........ 341 Tallow, ctls 272
Wool, bales 70 Sugar, ctls 1.200
Shorts, sks 100
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .... ' 64[
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,900iWool, bales ..... 371
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $1S@19; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood. $1S@19; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90O4: Pickets. $20;
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy:
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$23@29. .
SALT— H. R. H. Is quoted at $1S 73 per ton
In laree sacks and $19 75 in. 50s. Liverpool is
quoted at $17@18 50 for the best and $14 50<3
15 25 for lower grades. Hlgglns*. $27 50@30
per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $48 50@47 per flask for local
use and $46@47 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.73c: Confec
tioners* A, 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c: Extra C. 5.23c; Golden C. 5.15c:
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels. 23c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half -barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7%c. according to
qnanitity.
) Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat. 73%c; No. 3 spring,
71c; No. 2 red, 73%@74c; No. 2 corn. 42%@43%c;
No. 2 yellow. 43(d43%c; No. 2 oats, 27%®28%c;
No. 2 white, 29%®29%c; No. 3 white, 27%@29%c:
No. 2 rye, 52@55c; good feeding barley, 46@48c;
fair to choice malting, 49@53c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$172%; -No. 1 Northwestern, $1 73; prime tim
othy seed. $2 90@3 40; mess pork, per barrel.
$14 60@14 63; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 60@S 6o ;
short-rib sides (loose). $7 90@8 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). < $6 75@7; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 12%@8 25; whisky, basis of -high
wines, $1 27. . - 1 ¦
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
JVncat firm and Barley weak. Other Cereals neglected.
Old Hay firmer. Considerable damage reported by the rain.
Bran and Middlings firm. No further change in Beans.
Xc7c Potatoes in light supply a:id higher.
C;iions casv. Vegetables continue in light receipt.
: Butter, Cheese and Eggs in heavy supply and weak.
I hcrry crop turning out almost a faihuc.
Apricots and Peaches in moderate receipt and steady.
Oranges firm. Lemons and Limes weak.
Iricd Fruits quiet. Walnuts very firm. Raisins dull,
i 'oncy in fair demand, with good crop prospects.
I rovisions steady but not very active.
Wool somewhat quieter. Hops firmly held but dull.
I 1 ides steady, with a satisfactory demand. Tallow firm and
zcantcd.
Hogs in fair supply and easy. '
Grain Bags very firm tinder fine crop prospects.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, May 28.— To-day' n statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 cold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. $140,463,521; gold, 592.867.S71.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Money on call, 6teady,
at«3@3% per cent; last. loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4*SSU@4 £8% for demand and $4 85®4 83%
for sixty days. , Posted rates, $4 85i4@4 86 and
$4 89@4 89%. Commercial bills. $4 84V4@4 84%.
Silver certificates, nominally, 6Cc. Bar silver.
E9%c. Mexican dollars, 4&%c. Government
bonds, strong; State bond?. Inactive; railroad
bonds. Irregular. • - ¦
New York Money Market.
LONDON. May 2S.— Atchlson, 78%; Canadian
Pacific, 105%: Union Pacific preferred. 90;
Northern Pacific preferred, 101%; Grand Trunk.
11: Anaconda. 9i«. Bar silver., firm, 27 9-16d
per ounce. Money, 2%@3 per cent.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was hardly "resumed here -to-day. The
little market there was was heavy and feature
less! The American department continued to
be heavy and stagnant. The only news was
that Kuhn. Loeb & Co. had cabled to their
correspondents here, the Raphaels, that all
bona fide dealers who were caught short of
Northern Pacific and unable to obtain the
stock should be allowed to settle at. the rate
of $3L3 a share. Money was a little easier.
CLOSING.
London Market.
1,240 American Linseed Oil.*. ...;...' 17%
340 American Linseed Oil prefd....; 47
.300 American Smelting & Ref 55%
„ JW American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 96%
4d,000 American Tobacco ....;... 138
1,600 Anaconda Mining Co.. ....*....:..... ..49%
1,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 93%
4,500 Consolidated Gas ; .; 223 .
69,500 Continental Tobacco .................. 67%
1,900 Continental Tobacco prefd 112%
3,400 General Electric .: ..225%
Glucose Sugar '.;.; 57%
100 Hocking Coal 17%
1,300 International Paper 23%
-International Paper prefd...... 77%
1,400 . International Power ......:.. 97V4
100 Laclede Gas 84
1.100- National Biscuit :....... 45
500 National Lead 18%'
200 National Salt 43
200 National Salt prefd ....;. 75%
1,500 North American .....'88%
Pacific Coast 60;
100 Pacific Mail 34
900 People's Gas ...114
2,200 Pressed Steel Car ..'.......... 45%
600 Pressed Steel Car prefd;...........;.. 85%
200 Pullman Palace Car 205
1,200 Republic Steel .....'. 18%
300 Republic Steel prefd..... 74%
16,300 Sugar 145%
100 Tennessee Coal & Iron... 55%
100 Union Bag & Paper Co. 12%
2.700 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd........ 69%
2,600 United States Learner 14
800 United States Leather prefd.... 79 '
300 United States Rubber ...'21.
100 United States Rubber prefd 61%
18,200 United States Steel 44%
12,100 United States Steel prefd 93%
900 Western Union 82
612,100 Shares Bold. .'
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106% NYC lsts 108
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s 132%
Do 3s reg 109 N Pacific 3s 71%
Do 3s coupon 109 Do 4s .105
Do new 4s reg...l3S% N Y C & St L 4s.. 107
Do new 4s coup.. 138% N & W con 4s 101
Do old 4a reg 113% Or Nav lsts 10!»
Do old 4s coup. .113% Do 4s 104
Do 5s- reg 108% Or Short Line 6s. .128%
Do 5s coupon... ..108% Do con 5s....... .118%
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..125. Reading gen' 4s 96%
Atchlson gen 4s. ..10.1 R G W lsts.... 101
Do adj 48 95% St L & I M con os.115
Canada So 2ds 108 St L & S F gen 6S.134
Ches O V/bs.t 106 St Paul cons 190
Do 5s 120 St PC& P lsts. ...118%
Chi & N con 7s. ...141' Do 5s 119
Do S F deb 5s. ...121% S Pacific 93%
Chicago Term 4s.. 94H S Railway 5s. ...... 116%
Colorado So 4s 87?i Stand R & T 6s... 63
D & R G 4s .102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...119
Erie pen 4s 88% Do 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts.. .109% U Pacific 4s .105%
Gen Electric 5s. ...183% Wabash lsts.. ...... 117
Iowa Cent lsts 117U Do 2ds 110V4
L & N uni 4s 103% West Shore 4s..L..113Vi
M K & T 2ds Sl% Wise Cent 4s...:... 89%
Do 4s 9S% Va Centuries 95
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario ...; ...S 00
Breece" 1 55 Ophlr S3
Brunswick Con 15 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 2 13 Savage -07
Deadwood Terra.... 05 Sierra. Nevada...*.. 10
Horn Silver..: 155 Small Hopes ,.. 45
Iron Silver 1 59 Standard ..: 3 73
Leadville Con 06 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money — West End '. 94
Call loans 3%®4%| Westlnghse Elec... <53
Time loans. ...,.3%(g4M) Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s. 101 '
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 76% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 98 Adventure ....:.... 17
American Sugar... 145% BIngham 22%
Amer Telephone... 175y s Amalg Copper 116
Boston & Albany.. 255 Atlantic 30%
Boston Elevated.. .185 Boston & Mont 442
Boston & Maine. -.195 Bute & Boston 110%
Chi B & Q 195- Calumet & Hecla..827
Dominion Coal 35 Centennial 27U
Do prefd ..115 Franklin 17
V S Steel 44% Humboldt 30
Do prefd 93*, Osceola 84Vi
Gen Electric 225% Parrot 83%
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy ......16S
N E Gas & Coke.: 1014 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Old Dominion 32Vfj Tamarack 328
Rubber 20U Utah Mining.. 2S%
Union Pacific 102% Wlnona 2%
Union Land 3 Wolverines ... — : 56
Dealers report continued weakness In But
ter. Cheese and Eggs, with heavy stocks. Eggs
being the worst off in ' this respect. Most
houses make concessions. to sell.. The surplus
Butter is being got ; out ot the way, by pack
ing.. Cheese is so plentiful that some dealers
say they have no more shelf room . for It.
Prices for all descriptions remain as before.
' , Receipts were 59,300 pounds and 203 tubs of
Butter, 1312 cases of Eggs, 400 cases Eastern
Eggs, -.7600 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern . Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.- . .
BUTTER— Creamery, 17'/£@18c per lb fcr
fancy and 16»£@17c for seconds; 1 dairy, H@l6%o
per lb. ' •
CHEESE — New, 83$c: old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9® 10c'-'.
EGGS— Ranch, H\b<316c . for good to . fancy;
store, 12V4@13Hc P«r dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
. BUTTER— ; '
Creamery — Extras, 17c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
' Dairy— Extras, 16e; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. • . '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, Sc; choice.
7V4c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9V4c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16'/4c per Ib."<
EGOS—. ¦
California Ranch— Selected, White, lie; mixed
colors. 13c per dozen. - . ?
California • Gathered— Selected, 12%c; etand
ard, 12c; seconds, .
, Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
It begins to look as if the Cherry crop would
finally turn out nlmost a failure. Receipts
have been unusually light all the Reason, and
have been slender during the paat day or two.
Prices are » naturally firm, and have an' ad
vancing tendency. .•
. Apricots keep , up under light receipts. This
crop < 1h Also showing > up short. Peaches are
coming- forward «lowly . and quotation* I show
little, change from day to day. Apples are
dull and weak. .. . * ¦ , •• ¦
Receipts i of j Berries and' Currants are mod
erate and 1 1 ho market | Is steady; '"¦
Three cars, of Orange* are announced for to
day's-auction.-The market for this fruit con
tinues'firm, but i Lemons 'and Limes are plen
tiful and weak. • \ . ¦
, DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ,
APPLES^-Eastern. 1 " $1 ','OSfl 75 . per ' box; ¦¦ local
new, ' 40965c per box and '40c- per basket. .
APRICOTS— 50c<F?Jl per crate and . box ¦¦ for
Fringes and $1^1 50 for Seedlings and Royals.
CHERRIES— Receipts > were 1402 boxes, sell-
Butter, Cheese and. Eggs.
• Three cars of Eastern came in. making five
thua far this week. Local stock shows little
change, large young fowl being firm and old
stock slow on account of the liberal receipts
from the East.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c tor Gobblers
and 1CK312C for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 26©
150; Goslings, $1 50O2; Ducks, $4@4 50 for
old and $4 50(S5 50 for' young; Hens, $4®5;
young Roosters. $6 B0(S>7 B0; old Roosters, $40
4 50; Fryers. $5(36; Broilers, $105 for large and
$2 25(g3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 25®1 50 for Squabs. - .
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 73c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
New Potatoes advanced again under light
receipts and the market was very firm." Old
Potatoes were steady.
Onions were In sufficient supply and easy.
Receipts of Vegetables were light again and
the market was in good shape for sellers.
Receipts were 726 boxes Asparagus, 2S0 boxes
Rhubarb. 27S sacks Bay Peas* and ISO sacks
String Beans.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 50c@$l for River and
$1 25@1 60 for Oregon; Sweets, 75c for Mer
cerl; New Potatoes. l%@2c'per lb in sacks and
$1 50(^2 25 in boxes.
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $4; New
Red, 40<g 1 rt5c per sack; New Yellow, $1@1 23 per
Ctl. • •
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $2@2 25 for large, $1 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and 73c@$l 25 for No. 2: Green
Peas. 7uc@Jl 50 per sack; String Beans, 4@6c
for Vacaville: Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Toma
toes, Mexican, $1®1 25 per crate; from Los
Angeles, 50c@$l; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, per dozen; Winters,
40c per dozen: Marysville Cucumbers, $1 50@2
per box; Garlic. 4@5c for new; Green Peppers,
8@10c per lb; Egg Plant. 12%c per lb; Green
Corn, 10\7?30c per dozen; Summer Squash, 73c@
$1 per box; Bay do. $1 75@2.
Beans stand as before quoted, Whites and
Llmas being in light supply, and firm,; and
most colored descriptions rather -weak "than
otherwise. Prices show no change."
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 80
@5; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25: Blackeye, $3 10@3 25: Llmas. $6 25
@6 35: Pea, nominal: Red Kidney. J4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50#3 ;. Canary, 3Vi<fi>
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Reports. of damage to Hay by the last rain
are being received from various sections near
San Francisco, but the amount of the injury
has not yet been definitely ascertained. The
market is steady, and good old Hay Is show
ing firmer indications. Prices are - unchanged. •
Bran and Middlings are quoted very firm.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 50 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn -Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$15@16. • ' ¦
HAY— New, $6 50@8: Old Is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer, $5<i?8 : Wheat. *11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $3^1150; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley,' $7 50® 9 50 per ton.
STKAW— 35@47%c per bale.
FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 7303 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ). '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; extra cream do;
$3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 73<S!4; Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 50:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50;
Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$6 50 per ICO lbs. , . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and- Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Tonnage on the spot Is
extremely scarce and rates are nominal at 37s
6d for average . carriers. ' The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 25,200,
against 22,800-tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 1452 tons, against 3150; on the way
to this port, . 182,800 tons, against 217,640. ¦
WHEAT— The ' foreign markets were feature
less, as it was a holiday at Liverpool and Paris.
At Chicago there was quite a crop of. damage
reports, which strengthened the market and led
to an increasing demand for September deliv
ery. Odessa reported the prospects less satis
factory; with rain needed. Topeka wired that
latest advices from country shippers reported
that the damage in Kansas was considerably
more than anticipated, and that estimates ot
the State's yield had been reduced/ to oo.OOO.OOO
or 60,000,000, bushels. Columbus. Neb., -wired
that unless rain fell soon the crop in. that re
gion would be a failure. - Illinois reported con
tinued damage by Hessian fly. The crowd
bought on crop damage reports from the North
west and the Northweeterners covered their
shorts. ' — ; ¦ i\ - ' ' ¦
Bradstreet' s reported a decrease , in stocks
east of the Rockies of 3,686,000 bushels : and in
Europe and afloat 400,000, making a total de
crease of 4,086,000 bushels.
This market was firm, but not materially
changed. ' . ' ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1®
102% 'per ctl. ¦ • " '
\ CALL- BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 C3%; 2000, $1 03%; May— 2000. 98c.
Afternoon : Session — December — SOOO ctls,
$1 03%. ¦ " ¦ , ¦ ¦ . . '
BARLEY— The market drags along in the
same old rut, there being no demand of any
consequence.
. Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 70@72%c for off
grades;. Brewing' and Shipping grades, 80@S5c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings meet with very little atten
tion. Prices stand as before. White. $1 37V4@
1 55; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 35@1 45; Black,
$1 17%@1 30 per ctl. .
CORN— There is . not much offering, nor is
there much demand. Prices remain unchanged.
Small round Yellow. $1 50; Eastern Yellow.
$1 27>A©1 30; White, $1 30; mixed, $1 25@1 27%.-.
RYi£-Still neglected at 80(g82^c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. . "
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight..... — ' 4 89 »
Sterling Cables ......... :..: — ' 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... — 12^4
New York -Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce.......;:...'....... — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 49^4 @ 50 .
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL. MARKETS.
TANBARK— Ground, $25®28 per ton; Stick.
$ lfc«/ 20 per cord.. '.
OILS— California Castor Oil," In case*. No. 1.
73c; pure, $t 30:.LIn«e*d Oil, In barrels, boiled,
75c;. raw, 73c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
w(jiter strained." barrels. 80c; cases, RSc; China
Nut, 53'3«3c per Kallon; pure Neatsfoot OH,
barrels, 65c; .cases, , 70c; Sperm, pure,. 83c-
Whale Oil, natural white, 37%@424c per ral
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
. COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12Hc: Pearl Oil. in canes, 18X^c; Astral, lHKbc
Star. 1814c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23yjc
Kooene, 20Vic; deodorized move Gasoline, In
"bulk. 15c; In case»,'21c; Benzine, In bulk, lie
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c;
in rases, -26c. - . - , • ,:
• TURPENTINE— 65c per gallon In cases and
49c in drutr«: or. iron, barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7^0
ing at 30@50c per box for red. .50<@90c for dark
and 65@85c for Royal Anne;, in bulk, 5®8c per
lb for black and ¦ 3@4c for red. and 5@8c for
Royal Anne;
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@73c per drawer and
50<ffi75c per basket. • • .
PEACHESV^Kgl 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and J3 £0@5 for large berries. ' Receipts
were 369 chests and 232 crates. The latter sola
at $1(2'1 25 per crate. -¦ -_ ¦ . „
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@S per chest and U
per crate. ¦ ..¦-.. ¦
BLACKBERRIES— 33050c per .drawer; from
Newcastle. $1 50 per crate. :A '
RASPBERRIES-r$5@9 per chest; from New
castle, 75c@$l per" crate. ._
GOOSEBERRIES— 23@30c per drawer and 2@
3c in bulk; English, per lb. ;
CURRANTS— $4&6 per. chest. „
CITRUS Fit U ITS— Navel. Oranges. Sl@l 2ol
Seedlings, ••' 75c®$l 50: . Mediterranean Sweets,
75c<3H 50; Tangerines. 50c@Sl 25: Lemons, 7oc
O$l 25 for common and Jl 50@2.50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50c@Jl 50; Mexican Limes.
$4®4 50: Bananas, $1 50® 2 50 per bunch ror
New Orleans and $1@2 for Honolulu; Fine
apples, $2@4 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.
Apricots rule firm, owing to the poor crcp
prospect*, but . assortments are too light and
'broken for much of a market. Other fruits
are quiet, with a firm tone, in Peaches and
Apples. - Pitted Plums are . well cleaned up.
Pears continue inactive.
Walnuts are scarce and firm, and the other
Nuts are steady.-
There is a continued fair demand for Honey,
but buyers are disposed tc Droceed with cau
tion until they have more definite information
regarding the size of the crop. :
Raisins are dull. It is estimated that there
are 900 cars still on hand. There Is nothing
new in the Prune situation. . . ' -•'
FRUITS— Apricots. , 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches,
3%@4 for standard. 4%@5 1 / £c for choice and 6@
6Vic for fancy; Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 3@
4c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red
and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES-4 sizes, 3a; 40-50s. 6%c; 50-60s. 4%c:
60-7Cs. 3%c; 70-80S, 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs,
2%c; .100-1208. l%c. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Vsc: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown; 5%c, and
4-crown, 5V4c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, Jl 50 per box : 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California. • -
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll@ll^c;
No. 2, S@8Vfcc; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@714c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell. 10@
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@WAc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
f3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10® lie for brjght and 9@9%o
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4V4c; dark, !%c.
¦ BEESWAX— 25^280 per lb. - ,
Provisions.
The market is quiet" but fairly steady at the
old quotations. • ' '
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12V£@13c for light medium, 13%c for light. 14%o
for extra light and*15V£c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12^@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Family. $1150;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, ?23; Mess,
$19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb. . < . .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
NHi@10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%@ll%c; 5-Ib tins, 10%
@ll%c. <• .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is quieter and sevral descriptions are
lower. The new spring clip, which has been in
demand for shipment in the grease, is less act
ive, but is well cleaned up. Scouring wools are
quiet.
Dealers report a very fair demand for good
Hides, which sell without" difficulty. , Sheepskins
continue dull.
Tallow is firm and prices are slightly higher.
There is a demand for it. '
The situation in Hops remains as before.
Growers are not meeting the bids of buyers,
and the market hangs fire. The feeling is firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H&c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers." 9i£@10e; medium. 9c: light. 8@8&c: Cow
Hides, S%c for fceavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
6»/ 2 c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c@16c; Culls, 13%@14c;
Dry Kip, 16c: Dry Calf. 16@17c; Culls and
Brands. 13@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 13@3Oc
each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c;
long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
for large and |2@2 25 for medium, $1®1 25 for
small and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium; 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, 4©4%c; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1S01— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15c per lb; Northern, free, 120
13c: defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do, defective. 8@10c: Southern. 12 months,
8isi9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10e;; do, de
fective, 7 month3, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, 13@14c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9<311c;
Nevada, 10<512c. ! .
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. -
San 1 Francisco Meat Market.
• . - ¦
There is no further decline in Hogs, but the
market is sufficiently supplied and easy.
Beef, Mutton and Veal ars unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers* to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— 7@7V4c for Steer and 6@6%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c: small, 8@9c per lb. ¦
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound. . i
PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under. 6%@
6%c; 180 to 225 lbs. 6@6%c; 225 and over, 5&@6c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 7*£@9%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags rule firm, owing to
the fine crop prospects. San Quentln Bass,
%5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%c; local make, He
less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece
Twine, 7&@8c.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2H-lb tins are
quoted, as follows: Apricots, fl 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 35;
Peaches, 65c@$l 75; Pears, $185; Plums, $1 35®
140; Quinces. $165; Strawberries. $175.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; South field
Wellington,. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal size, 10c; Bale Rope, 9V4c; Duplex, 9c.
Terms. 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.000 lbs. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, Be;
cases. Regular. $5 50; cases. Extra Large, $5 75;
cases. Eastern Style. $6 SO; Boneless. 7c; "Nor
way," 7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7V4c; . "Silver
King," 7%c; blocks, ••Oriental," 6%c; blocks
"Seabrlght," 7^c; tablets, 7%c; middles.
"Golden State," 7«4c; middles. , "White Seal."
8%c: 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. 9c; 2-lb boxes
fancy," Boneless. , 7'/4c; Desiccated, per dozen,
75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, ¦ each, $7 75; Pickled
Cod, half barrels, each. $4 75. .
COFFEE — Costa | Rica-.14@13c for strictly
prime ¦ to Washed; ll%@13Hc - for prime
washed; 11©1H4c for good washed; lH4©13c for
good to prime washed pea berry; 10@ll>4c for
good to prime peaberry; 10%@U%c for good to
prime; 0@10c for ' good current mixed with
black beans; 8'.4@9%c for fair: &97%c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — 12@13V»c for strict
ly prime washed: 9@lH4c for good to ftrime
washed; 8®8%c for fair washed; 10^<fl2c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 8^@3o for
good to prime semi-washed; 8%@8%c for'su
perior unwashed: 8®8»4c for good green un
washed; 9®9%c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 6<S7»4c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12ft 15c for prime to fancy washed:
9@llV4c for fair to strictly gt»od washed: 7%@
8Vio for good to superior unwashed: 9@DVic for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— 12® 15%c for prime to fancy
washed; lOHSHHc for strictly good washed;
S^OlO'/Jc for good washed; 8^9V4c for fair
washed: IMIfi^ic for medium; o^i&ic for in
ferior to ordinary; 10^<312V4c for good to prime
iwaahed peaberry: 9<?9%c nominal for gpod to
prime unwanhed peaberry: 8@S%c nominal for
good to nuperior unwashed.
LEATHER— «ele, heavy, 28«J32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 2*a30c: Sole Leather. light.
25®28c: Roush Leather, heavy, 27©28c; Rough
leather, light, 23<$2«c: Harness Leather, heavy,
SS'O'SOc for No. 1 and 30tt33c. for No. 2; Harness
Leather. " medium, 30iy37c: Harness Leather,
light, 29«?35c: Skirting. 3<i®40c: Collar Leather.
loiR^c per foot: Kip, unfinished. 40<&5Oc per lb:
Veal, finished, 60<f?55c; Calf, finished. 75c®$l 20;
PI-lr-K. finished, 16®17c per > foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14®l«c; Rough Splits. 8®10o per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, WEDpSDA:r| ;MA!5f 29, 19O1.
small hog receipts and packers took advantage
of this, selling pork and ribs freely. July pork
closed ! 5o higher, .lard 5@7%c higher. and ribs a
shade lower. ' •¦•-.-•.
The leading ¦ futures ranged as follows:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALC
On the Produce • Exchange to-day the butter
market- was weak; creamery, 14@18%c; dairy.
14016c. Cheese, firm, 9@10&c. Eggs, strong,
•llHc - ¦¦ - ¦-¦
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 . 15,000
Wheat, bushels 35.000 JS'XX
Ccrn. bushels 314.000. • 462,000
Oats, bushels M0.C00 . 251.000
Rye, bushels 8,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 31.000 B -°°°
FORECAST
Bin FranrJseo data— Maximum tempera-tur*.
:¦'¦'-. minimum, C2; mean, 56.
WEATHEIt CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
8
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles— . Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat* No. 2—- ••¦•' ' " : ••
May ..'74 74 73% 74
July :........ • 73% 74 . 73% .74
•Corn No.. 2— .--•-'
May..... V ' 42% • 43% < . 42% <3%
July .. . 43% 44 ¦ I 43% 44
September ......... 44 44% -43% 44%
May!....*..!".;.. 30« TO 50% 30%
July...;...... -28% 28% 28% -28%
September ......... 26%*. -26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— -¦',• m«
May - ' 14 62V2
July ...14 60- 14 62% 14 55 14 62%
September . 14 62% . 14 70 14 62% 14 70.
I^ard. per 100 pounds— „ „_,,
May 8 12% 8 17% 8 10-8 17%
July......: 8 12% 8 17% 8 07% 8 1»
September „ 8 12% 8 20 8 10 . 8 12%
Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds— '.'¦/
May ...„' ......8 20 8 20 8 02% . 8 02%
July ....;..: 7 92% 7 92% 7 87% 7 90
September ......... 7 90 7 90 7 So - 7 87%
STATION'S.
Kurvka
n*<j niurr
Bacr«jnpnto
Fm Francisco
FYf Fno
In4cpen<]rnoc
Pan Lute Oblspo...
IjOF Angeles
Fan lHepe)
La«t This La«t
24 Hour* Beason. Season
••I ».O2 | 47.40 60.03
O.ffl 24.63 i-2.94
0.12 20.21 20.24
.. Trace 21.17 1R.42
«00 u.3l 10.37
«.C4 h.n- % ««
0.00 31.13 17.20
0.00 16.28 7.91
0.00 11.41 r..fc9
Articles— . Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat* No. 2—- ••¦•' ' " : ••
May ..'74 74 73% 74
July :........ • 73% 74 . 73% .74
•Corn No.. 2— .--•-'
May..... V ' 42% • 43% < . 42% <3%
July .. . 43% 44 ¦ I 43% 44
September ......... 44 44% -43% 44%
May!....*..!".;.. 30« TO 50% 30%
July...;...... -28% 28% 28% -28%
September ......... 26%*. -26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— -¦',• m«
May - ' 14 62V2
July ...14 60- 14 62% 14 55 14 62%
September . 14 62% . 14 70 14 62% 14 70.
I^ard. per 100 pounds— „ „_,,
May 8 12% 8 17% 8 10-8 17%
July......: 8 12% 8 17% 8 07% 8 1»
September „ 8 12% 8 20 8 10 . 8 12%
Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds— '.'¦/
May ...„' ......8 20 8 20 8 02% . 8 02%
July ....;..: 7 92% 7 92% 7 87% 7 90
September ......... 7 90 7 90 7 So - 7 87%
STATION'S.
Kurvka
n*<j niurr
Bacr«jnpnto
Fm Francisco
FYf Fno
In4cpen<]rnoc
Pan Lute Oblspo...
IjOF Angeles
Fan lHepe)
La«t This La«t
24 Hour* Beason. Season
••I ».O2 | 47.40 60.03
O.ffl 24.63 i-2.94
0.12 20.21 20.24
.. Trace 21.17 1R.42
«00 u.3l 10.37
«.C4 h.n- % ««
0.00 31.13 17.20
0.00 16.28 7.91
0.00 11.41 r..fc9
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
SATURDAY. . . Jane 1, 191)1,
At 11 o'clock a. m.
- OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES,
All broken, from 4 to 8 years old. Suitable for
expressmen, liverymen, bakers, milkmen, team-
sters, etc. These Horses weigh from 950 to 1300
pounds. There are several well matched teams,
coupe and carriage horses. Also some very
choicely bred trotters among them. There will
be no reserve. This is a rare opportunity to get
fine Horses at low prices.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard st.
Horses at salesyard.
AUCTION SALE
At ALAMEDA TRAINING TRACK. LAP-
MAN'S STABLES. WEDNESDAY, May 29.
1901. at 11 a. m. Car lot of high class trot-
ting bred, young and sound horses, good stzo
and extra quality, consigned from R. W.
: Scott. Bishop. Inyo County. Cal. Some ex-
ceedingly promising race horses in lot. They
will be sold without limit or reserve.Beadle Has No Title.
In addition to the election of officers
to-morrow, two members of the State
Board of Medical Examiners will be elect
ed, In accordance with the provisions of
the new law giving two members of that
board to each of the three State medical
societies— Allopathic, Homeopathic and
Electlc.
Dr. Donald Maclean, president of the
Society, presided at tho meeting yester
day morning. Reports of committees were
presented. Papers were read by Dr. P.
F. Bulllngton of Orovllle, Dr. W. A. Har
vey of San Francisco and Dr. J. W. Ham
ilton of San Francisco.
The twenty-eighth annual session of the
Stato Eclectic Medical Society convened
yesterday morning at the California
Medical College, 1422 Folsom street. Tho
session will continue to-day and to-mor
row, and ofHcers will, be elected at the
closing session.
State Society Convenes at Cali
fornia Medical College.
ECLECTIC PHYSICIANS
IN AITNTTAL SESSION
Twenty-Eighth Annual Sleeting of
and thirty-five Rlrls and a competitive ex
amination will be held July 24 for admit
tance. The graduating exercises" of the
Lick School will be held Friday afternoon.
Both schools will exhibit the work done
durlng.the year by students Friday after
noon and evening. -
of Mechanical Arts, founded by James
Lick. This work will begin at the open-
Ing of the next. term, so Mr. Merrill an
noilncea, and it. will continue until the
task Is finished, which may Involve some
years. Tho structuro will face on Six-
VIEW OF THE BUILDING TO BE ERECTED BY THE HANDS OF BOYS STUDYING TRADES IN THE WILMERD
ING SCHOOL AT A COST OF MANY THOUSAND DOLLARS AND WHICI WILL STAND AS A MONUMENT TO
THEIR SKILL.
The Young Ladies' Institute has received
the following letter from President Me-
Kir.ley:
KAN FRAXCISCO, Cal.. May 20, 1901.
Young Ladiei? 1 Institute: In behalf of tlie
Pretirtent 1 be? to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of recent date and to as
sure you that the cordial message of welcome
from your organization Is warmly appreciated.
Very truly yours.
GEORGE B. CORTELTOU.
Secretary to the President.
President Eeturns Thanks.
' R. G. Campbell, who moved to strikeout
the section- of .the report which said the
testimony does not . include ¦ such orders,
held that labor 1 unions should i not be ap
proved by the - church. . >,This idea was
strongly opposed. :].'' * ; ¦- ¦'.¦¦-
i DES MOINKS, Iowa, May 28.— By a vote
of 90 to 63 this. afternoon the general as
sembly of the United Presbyterian Church
adopted the judiciary committee's report
with regard i to an interpretation of article
15 of the creed. The action of the assem
bly is In effect to exclude members of se
cret orders from admission to the church.
It is also Interpreted by some delegates to
mean the expulsion of members of the
church who now belong to, secret scci
eties. . The 'final discussion on the question
was long and heate'd.- ¦ .,:..'"
M. C: McKittrick of Los Angeles, Cal.,
said he "would rather cut off his right
hand than to- vote for the < exclusion of
members of secret societies already hi the
church. • ¦ ¦ ':• - ; ' • ¦ .. '¦• ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦
¦ "If we let this report go through as it
Is," said Mr. McCreery of Plttsburg, heat
edly,,'"we are saying that men who; have
been good members of the United Presby
terian Church for years -must be turned
out of doors.' I want tt» tell you, fathers
and brothers: that if we. pass this report
without amendment we are going to make
more trouble than* the United Presbyte
rian-Church has ever, seen." .- •
United Presbyterian Church.
PLACES BAN ON SECRET ORDERS
Sensational. Action , Taken, by the
There are etill a number of people in San
Francisco who are confident they can lo
cate the remains of the lost steamship Rio
de Janeiro. Over $10,000 has been spent oy
private parties on the search, but so far
¦without result Mrs. Young and her
friends thought the spirit of the late Cap
tain Plummer had told them the exact
gpot where the wreck lay. It cost them
$120 to prove that the spirit was wronz.
The Wiggin-Sorenson party— there were
ten of them— put ud $100 each to find the
treasure. Their money is all spent and all
they have to ehow for it is a diving outfit
and a small boat. Several other parties
put money into the venture, but all ccme
out with experience but no results.
In spite of all these failures another
party has taken up the matter. A few
days ago a man named McLaren went to
the Pacific Coast Wrecking Company to
hire a diver. He wanted the best man In
the business and was willing to pay the
full price. John Roach went out with
him in a launch. When the vicinity of the
wr^ck was reached McLaren produced a
divining rod. It is formed of a long glass
tube fixed into a whalebone handle The
tube was full of gold nugtrets worth ovt-r
S5O-3. bo lioach says. McLaren held the rod
in both hands and stretched it out ever
the waters. The boat was then stajted
slowly, and moving in an ever widening
circle, soon covered a lot of sna?e. When
the place where the spirits said the wieck
Js located was reached the divining rod
dipped and McLaren said. "The remains
of the City of Rio de Janeiro are tnere."
Roach at once erot into his divins suit and
went down. He stayed down half an hour,
but failed to find any trace of the wrect.
He so informed McLaren and that ended
the search. The man with the divining
rod is not satisfied, however, and is soing
to have another try.
Another Attempt Made to Locate Re-
mains of the Lost Liner.
STILL SEEKING RIO WRECK.
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Mav 28.— T v .e
trip of the Presidential train from Omaha
eastward to-day across Iowa was practi
cally without incident. It was made over
the Chicago and Northwestern and, to
avoid the crowds at the stations, engines
and train crews were changed a few miles
from the end of each division. Few slops
were made, but the train was slowed up
at the principal cities and towns and the
President appeared on the rear platform.
This Is Secretary Wilson's home Slate
and he shared the honors with the Presi
dent to-day. At Tama, where Mr. Wilson
formerly resided, there was a big crowd
to -greet them both, but no s<top was
made. At Marshalltown the local G. A.
R. post was lined up In the station. ¦
Mrs. McKinley's condition has continued
to show steady but no rapid improvement
since she left San Francisco. Sh« is gain
ing some ¦ strength . and the President- Is
much encouraged. ¦ She has not .eft her
couch however. Dr. Rixey does not de
sire to have her tax her strength, but ho
permits her to sit up in bed most of the
day. The President is at her side much
of the time.
At the place where the Chicago and
Northwestern crosses the . Des Molnes
River, over the new Boone viaduct, 3aid
to be the longest and highest double
track structure in the world, the train
was halted for ten minutes to permit the
photographers with the party to take sev
eral group pictures of the President, Cabi
net and newspaper men. The train is due
to reach :.Chlcago about 3 o'clock to-mor
row morning. It will not run' into the
station, but will be switched to the track*
of the Pennsylvania Railroad in the out
skirts of the city and proceed directly to
Washington. At Canton to-morrow a stop
of twenty or thirty minutes will be made
to permit- some of the relatives and friends
of the President and Mrs. McKinley to
come aboard .
Great Crowds Gather to
Greet the Nation's
Executive.
IOWA HONORS
THE PRESIDENT
Chinese Slave Cases Decided.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday overruled .the appeal of Lyman
I. Mowry in the case of Fong Mey Yuk
and approved of the findings of Court
Commissioner Heacock that she was un
lawfully in this country and should be de
ported.
Mr. Mowry appealed on the ground that
the woman was a native born citizen of
the United States, and that therefore
Judge Heacock had no jurisdiction to try
her. From the decision of Judge de Haven
Mr. Mowry took an appeal to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals.
Man Yin, another of the captures of the
Federal raid, was tried before Commis
sioner Heacock yesterday and was dis
charged, she having proved that she was
born in the United States.
Real Estate Transfer.
Gustave C. Winterberg and Louise
Gretsch have purchased from Louise
Junker a lot on the north line of Turk
street. 2C6-.6 feet west from Pierce, 28x
137:6 feet in size. In an announcement of
sales the property was reported to have
been deeded to Louise Gretsch only.
THE .construction: of a brick and
terra cotta building, to bo 160 feet
long, 70 feet wide and three stories
high, the material of which alone
will cost $40,000, Is tho ambitious
and unparalleled task for student labor
UNION IBON WORKS PAY3
OFF ITS MA./Y EMPLOYES
The Men After Receiving Their
Wages Dispersed and Went to
Their Somes.
A larger detail of policemen was sent
to the Potrcro yesterday in order to pre
serve peace among the striking machin
ists who' were being paid the wages due
them from the first of the month, until
they laid down their tools on Monday,
May 20. Their services were not required.,
for the men, as soon as they received
their clearance cards and money, quietly
departed. During the. two hours In the
morning and afternoon set apart for tho
payment, the crowd was considerable.
Each man seemed to feel the gravity of
the occasion and acted accordingly.
The Iron Trades Council met during the
afternoon with delegate J. D. Pierce of
the International Association of Labor,
arid Secretary Ed. Rosenberg of the San
Francisco Labor Council present. Details
of the day's work were discussed but no
statement of gains or losses was made.
Arthur M. Selfridge, who is connected
with an electrical engineering enterprise
In Geneva, Switzerland, had an exciting
time at the Fulton Iron "Works at Harbor
View on Monday afternoon. He is here
on a visit with his parents and surfeiting
of a continuous round of pleasure sought
an opportunity to utilize his time. Being
friendly with the management of the Ful
ton Iron Works, he went there. As he
was leaving he was jostled and pushed
by a number of strikers who were await
ing their pay. '
Young Selfridge, whose grandfather and
great-grandfather were Admirals in the
United States Navy, wanted to fight the
whole crowd but was restrained.
Holy Cross Parishioners' Picnic.
The annual picnic of the Holy Cross
parishioners will take place to-morrow at
Mirabel Park, in Sonoma County, near
Mark West Creek and the Russian River.
The steamer Ukiah will start at 9 a. m.
with the picnic party from Tiburon ferry,
tickets for the excursion being on sale at
the ferry depot. A band of eight pieces
will accompany the picnickers and a
pleasing programme of events has been
arranged by the committee in charge.
The committee of arrangements is as
follows: . .. ¦
James Denely (chairman), Paul Spottiswood
(secretary), Charles CasaBsa, P.. E. vEagen, - J.
F. Sullivan, William O'Toole, C. Caulfleld,
Thomas SneaiJ. F. Kennedy. E. J. Beardsley,
A. Mohun, Charles Barry, William Enrlfjht, J.
Laydon. C. A. Bayly Jr., J. Jones.' M. Carroll,
L. Carroll. J. D. Reifan.-. E. I. Regan, Thomas
Curran. William O'Connor and Fathers J. F.
McGinty, R. Sampson and P. J. Ryan.
Hatifta Beronda cave a luncheon
to ¦ number of his friends at his residence,
13-ii Webster street, on Sunday last.
Thota present were Misses Sarah Lu
bash. Annie Baclgalupl. Ros<» Cohen,
TI!1!<- Cohen. Becky Samuels. Nlta Padil
)a. Jonnle Simpson. Kate Dillon and Ger
tie Frost. Messrs. Joteph Murphy, V.
«'opt!gan, Sam Cohen, Jo« Samuels, Jake
iv.l. r. Leo Isaac and Sidney Phillips.
A Furrrlsf party was tendered to Miss
O^rtrude Gibbs at her residence. 33 Ninth
Street; on May 25, by the Misses Maggie
and Mamie Ryan. The following were
present: Miss Gertrude Gibbs, Mrs. Ryan.
Mrs. Cooper. Mrs. Bain. Mrs. Gibbs, Mag
pie Ryan. Mamie Ryan, Esther Buzzinl.
Lulu Cooper. Annie Wolfson, Gertie
Ryan. Mora Martin. Ethel Clark, Esther
Andely. Flossie Bain. Stella Lyons, Mer
rr-iU-s Ryan. Dottie Martin. Irene Ryan,
Grace Cooper and Mary Gibbs.
C Levingston has returned from
hi:- European trip. ,
Mrs. P. Amiraux has returned from San
Jose. S2i«* was a euest of the University
rif the Pacific, her alma mater, during
jubilee week.
Miss Isabella Klncaid left laet week for
Southern California, where she will spend
three weeks visiting Ontario and Los An
geles.
The eleventh annual picnic given by the
Chevra Shaare Refooah will be held at
Glen Park, Sunday, June 2.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Cushine have
pent out invitations to the marriage of
their tlaughter Caroline Morland. to
Clyde Augustus Duniway on Tuesday
evening, June 11, at their residence, P20
Linden etreet. Oakland. Miss Cushlnu
has born connected for pome years with
t!i<- Oakland H<»jh School. Mr. Duniway
Is associate professor of EnRlish at Stan
ford. After the wedding, the couple will
eo to Kurci)e and will be uway for one
Mr', and Mrs. Irvine Graham have 1s
fm-d invitations to the marriage of their
rlauKhur Jennie, to Frederick V.
llur.yon. on Wednesday evening:. June 12,
at Pt. Stephen's Kpiscopal Church.
Invitations are out for the wedding of
Miss 11. HerrRchcr of Cincinnati to Abo
fJrwntleld of Pinole, which will take place
June !* at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Herrscher at San Loandro. Cal.
Tin- marrlap* 1 of Miss Cell Praper and
j/ou!s Hyder Plechner will take place at
ihe home of Mr. and Mrs. Less Prager,
2S2»5 Washlnston street, June 6.
Mr. and Mrs. Moses Clayburph an
nounce the encasement of their daughter
Kmily to Mr. Charles E. Baer of Bakers-
Held.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
METRDPOLITAN
TEMPLE CHOSEN
St. Mary's College Gradjr
uation Exercises to
Be Held Here.
Archbishop Riordan Will
Award Diplomas to
the Students.
IZarloo Wins Arcbblihop M^dnl.
John 1». Harlop wan ine winner of tho
/r<hlil*hop Hlnrdnn pold rnninl for the
t.eitl r-t««y un "The Philosophy ot H«-
Ifglon.?
The eriidunten of the cnmmerclnl d«
l.nitmfM. which In In oh«rtrf of llnnh««r
V. Uwln. urn it. MoNully. A. T. t'lunl
p.nu. H. OVoiiMHl. J., J, Trrmlilny. f. C.
<**rt«n. C T. Hall. J. T. Quarrpl*. W1I
iinm tfgntt, J. A. Pohrrty. <1. H. lionitOi
T. A. J. Mnhotiry nnd U, M. Hlvrfft.
A. T. Klttntcnn of \ho blinking clnt-n won
1l-.f tnr'lnl for excellence afler a
f'ntnt'ftltlon, Jn which three cla*eei» took
t'p.rt.
TliTr ETPduat«-n liavo brrn trninfd In
mmmcrrial nnd burlnr** prnctlrp. Chris*
tl(.ti doctrlii" und religious training Is nlso
n r>nrt of Hir currirulum. The commer
cial drpnrttm-M Of the- college Is now re
rrivlre BpSClli attention.
The elumni banquet will 1>e held Ratur
dny cvcr.lng In 8nn Frnnclseo. The an
nual nlumnl meet Ing will be held Sunday
nt Pacred H.-art College.
"The Comtitutlon and the Fie*." John P.
TMrner; 'Tlie Celtic Itevlval," John P. Cal
laphan; "The Situation In China," John D.
Uarlf««: "Th* N>w Ontury." William J. Orr;
"A Ontury of Catholicism," Thnmsi J. Ken
r..-<1y; •'The United Ftat*» a« « World Power,"
Tin, mat A. Crlmmln*; "The Victorian HelKn,"
v i.lnr 1>. Mohan; "Our Uepubllr," Robert 8.
Mifurthy; "The Houth African Republic*, 11
Am T. Porver; "The PolitUlwi," Jolin U.
I'lynn.
John P, Plover wan the winner of the
rtlnninl medal lor the heat KnglUh cusny,
liU Uif-als wa» upon "Th« New Century."
Mr, Plover wu« n!»o wln»t<*r of tho men
tu* in. .iiii for gmerwl exfrllence during
Tlif fu'iUn medal, swarded for superior-
Ity in modern Innguueru, wan won by
Jo1.it p, Cflilujrhan.
Subjects of the Theses.
Following are the subjects of grad
tinttk' theses, as they will be delivered at
ih" commencement exercise*:
OAKLAND, May 28.— The graduating
oxcrolscu of St. Mary's College will be
hr]d Wednesday evening at Metropolitan
Temple, San Francisco. The college ofll
ctn'.n were compelled to go across the bay
lh'.s year for a hnll suitable for the ex
ercise*, because the Mucdonough Theater
cr&s not available. The exercises will be
jirchlded over by Archbishop Riordan,
who will award tho diplomas and confer
ih<» degrees upon the students who have
o>n. r.leted the college course.
Thoi degree of bachelor of arts will be
ront<tn>d upon John P. Plover. John P.
<'nlla*han. John D. Harloe. William J.
< >rr. Thomas A. CrlmmlnH. Walter D. Bo
lmn and Thomas J. Kennedy.
The degree of bachelor of science will
be- rr reived by John L. Flynn, Robert S.
McCarthy and Arza T. Porter.
They Will Erect for the Wilmerding School a Structure .Made
of Brick arid Terra \ Cotta Containing Both ; Classrooms and
Shops, and Labor Will Continue During Several -Busy Years
that has been set by Ocorgo A. Merrill, rj.
'S., for the California»boys who. are under
• his care In tho Wilmerding School of In
dustrial Arts and tho .California School
teenth street. It will furnish instruction
during the entire period of . construction.
In tho building will bo classrooms and
shops. "Tho standard construction of this
building," says Mr.. Merrill, "will set fot
us a standard of workmanship that' will
be both high and permanent." Both the
schools named have been placed under the
care of Mr. Merrill since the death of Mr.
Schwartz of tha Wilmerding School and
ho has been instructed to divide hla time
between them. With tho next term the
building trades will be . transferred en
tirely to the Wilmerding School and du
plication of courses will thereby be
avoided. Additions to the Lick School will
be made at once, entirely new shops be
ing built for the departments of forging
and molding. The now class at the Lirl<
School will consist only of ninety bcy»
APPEAL MADE
FOR THE NEGRO
Address Sent to Ala
bama Constitutional
/ . Convention'.
Senator Morgan Prepares a
Solution of Suffrage
Problem.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., May 2S.-Booktr
T. Washington, in behalf of tho negro
rnco, to-day presented to the Constitu
tional. Convention an appeal for conserva
tive uctlon. Tho address reminds tho con
vention thdt , tho negroes came her*
against their will, but have been benefit
ed, trained and Christianized. They did
their duty In the Civil War and in tha
Spanish war. They have ceased for twenty
jours to b*s an offensive element in poll
tlce. Leading member* of the race have
persistently urged the negro to learn to
trust the white man.
For these men. he says, this is a crucial
time. The negro pays some direct taxea.
lie pays much more Indirectly through
his labor. He Is in the main a producer
of •wealth, and .generally contented and
law-ubiding. Already the emigration
agent anil exodusi associations are at work
and the negro fears that his citizenship
and schools will both bo tuken away. Tha
relations are now reasonably satisfactory
between the races. Anything that win un
settlo the negro now, when he la settling
down to thrift and common sense. woulU
injure both races. The address pleads
that all incentive lor right and useful liv
ing be not withdrawn from the young
negro. It concludes* :
"Any law which will merely changa th«
nnmfl and form of fraud, or can be Inter*
preted us meaning one thing when applied
to one rare and nomethlng elxe wh«n ap
plied to another, will not. In our opinion,
improve preatnt rendition*, but unsettla
the neai'ft and thrift of our people and d«.
••rr-i.fc.t tho wealth end proiyerlty of Al»«
burnn," -
The leading feature of the nuffr««»
flnune olTor«d to-day by «x-Oov»rnor
JonfH Is that which ricml?* the right to
vote to "any poraan who Khali hflre-uttr
bo KUlIty and convicted of wiling hi* own
vot« «r buying or bartering the veto of
another In any Icerat election or In any
primary, eaiieun «»r convention, or who
ahull niako er aid in making nny faU*
count t>r r#turtm a* to the result of Hueh
election, prlmttry, rauriu or convention,
in 1 who Khali thereafter carry concenlad
wefliK'ti* uikI be ponvteted thereof."
Bptmtor Mowin nun prepared for th«»
tfiriMlderatton of the Crnintituttonal Con
vention nn nddreu* dp*l«n«d to support
his suffrage clnune. Senator Morgan'*
plan irt wltiipl". Nobody but a white man
rthail hold omVe. A court of thren regln
trurn In provided for ench county, and
those courts shall Hnvn abHolute power to
dctetmlno the qualification of every vot*r.
nivr> th'it an uppenl from its decision lies
to tho Circuit courts. The real feature of
the plan Is In the provision that only
white men shall hold office. The registrar
plan Is similar to that in Mississippi, ex
cept that the courts of registrars have a
much wider discretion.
MOST COLOSSAL
OF CONVENTIONS
Three Halls Engaged
fpr Epworth League
•Meetings. \
California Is Receiving Gen
erous Advertising in
the East.
.The International convention of tha Ep
worth Leuguo, to be held In San Francisco
from July Hi to 21, Is assuming proportions
as the days go by that Justify tho predic
tions that it will bo the moat colossal of
such gatherings that the country hus
seen. Already arrangements have been
made for three convention halls, In ep.Ch
of which three meetings will bo held daily.
Mechanics' Pavilion will bo tho scene of
the great opening concert, and the various
headquarters, etc., will be there. In fact;
It will bo the main convention hall, but
meetings of equal importance will bo held
simultaneously at Metropolitan- Temple
and the Alhambra Theater.
Mechanics' PaVIHon will be very ciabo
rately decorated for the convention, moro
than usual attention being given to beau
tifying its barn-like Interior.
An exhibit of California products, ar
ranged by counties, will occupy the entire
east sido of the gallery of the pavilion,
and the counties will vie with vuch other
in artistic arrangement of their product*.
It Is estimated now that between 40/00
and CO.OOO excursionists from bnvond the
Rocky Mountains will be brought to Ban
Francisco on account of the convention
and lta cheap rates. Many of these urn
writing for ten days' accommodation and
practically all of them will be here at
hunt a week. ' '
The Epworth league of the State 1*
making an effort to have 10,000 members
from California In attendance ut the con
vention. Of courna, a much larger iu'.m«
ber may ho expected to vttttt Hm Fiun
fllneo from the interior nnd northern and
southern part* of the Htate, , •
Many Visitors From Crtnntlu,
V. W. Trower, secretary of th« general
niininitit<"i, reeetvad it Utter yegterriuy
from Dr. A. C Crewu ef Teronte, tieere
iiny of the Kiiwiiiih Ltmgue of Caiiudn,
HnyliiK that nuptlentloni for tuvomwo.M
tlniiM -in tlinti 1 gpectul. train were pmuWi*
In. Probably Boo pemenu will mart from
Toronto, while from polntH further, pant
In the Dominion many may be expected,
mill Hrlttah Columbia will aond down largo
dolefffttionR,
California )ms n.ivc r hnd iueh goneroua
advertising without cost to the people.
Excursion managers to tho number of
100 nre ut work In the Hunt, ncnttcrinff
lltnnituro broadcast. Tho railroads am
doing their ithare. The Kpworth Longue
papers all over tho country are devoting
columns to California and tho convention.
Tho Epworth Herald, with a circulation
of 125,000, gave its whole issue of April
20 to carefully prepared nnd profusely
illustrated nrtlcles on California.
Tho Fourth General Conference District
Epworth League, comprising Pennsyl
vania and New Jersey, has issued a 86
page pamphlet, "Itinerary— California
19Ci." It Is an attractive publication, de
voted almost entirely to California.
Stereopticon Views of California.
A stereopticon expedition has been
traveling over the Eastern States for the
ptft year, sent out by the Epworth
league, to advertlso California and the
convention.
The Brooklyn Eaglo devoted four col
umns In its issue of May 18 to the coming
convention.
The Goneral Committee has sent circu
lars with general Information concerning
the convention and California, to every
minister of the Methodist Episcopal
Church in the United States and Canada,
and through them to the presidents of all
the local Kpworth Leagues. In this way
200,000 circulars have been placed in the
hands of 20,000 men for distribution.
The music of the convention will be
most Impressive. A chorus of 200 voices
Is being trained to render the sacred mas
terpieces. Of necessity all but the final
rehearsals must be done *ln smaller
choruses." In San Francisco a chorus of
50) voices Is being drilled and In Oakland
one of 400. Los Angeles has a chorus of
200, San Jose one of 250, Stockton 200, and
Sacramento 200.
Robert Husband is chairman of tho
music committee. The grand chorus will,
be directed in different numbers by vari
ous well-known conductors.
The great organ, recently built for the
new memorial chapel at Stanford Uni
versity and made available for the con
vention by the kindness of Mrs. Stan
ford, will be put up in two sections, one
on each side of the. gallery. The organist
will be a hundred feet from the pipes.
Tho best known organists of the city will
have opportunity to test the new instru
ment during the convention.
- . . i
BROOKS THINKS
MARKET IS SAFE
Natural Conditions and Scarcity oi
Tonnage Will Afford Protection
Until Congress Can Sup
ply Legislation.
"There are five leadlnsr exports from the
Philippine*," said Franklin Brooks;
"hemp, tobacco, sugar, coffee and copra.
Rice Is a great product, tout there la not
enough raised for local use and It Is nee*
essary to import rice for food.
"Just before I left Manila Mr. Mcdov
ern, manager of the Insular Tobacco Fac
tory, said that he could not nil any orders
tor shipment to the United States because
tho factory was taxed to its full extent by
European orders. I also asked the man
ager of the Alhambra Cigar Factory and
received substantially the same answer
there. The tobacco trade In the Philip
pines Is practically a monopoly. Behind
this are British capitalists who have spe
cial privileges.
"Coffee was little produced at the time
I left the islands. Sugar production was
nlso small.. owing to the destruction of the
plantations during the Insurrection.
There were large sugar warehouses at
Manila, Malabon, Uoilo and Cebu. Those
at Malabon had been destroyed. The only
one of the products mentioned that ex
ists in sufficient quantity to afTect the
price Is tobacco. Peace is practically
reigning, however, and the other products
will Increase in a period of a few month*.
The hemp trade of the Islands is In the
hands of four concerns, of which the prin
cipal ones are Warner, Barnes & Co. and
Smith, Bell & Co.
"The natural conditions existing and th«
lack of tonnage on the Pacific are suffi
cient to prevent any great influx of pro
ducts from tho Philippine Islands Into th«
United States at once. The regular Ori
ental lines have about all the business
they can attend to. For these reasons I
think there will not be a chance to send
forward great enough quantities of any
Philippine product to affect the American
mrrket very much before Congress can
meet to legislate and fix the dutlea."
• RIBS BROKEN BY A FALI*— Oscar Olson,
a painter residing at 2«A Shipley itreet. had
two ribs broken yesterday by falling from a
ladder while at work on a house on Stetner
street, between Clay and Washington.
St. Paul's Parish Outing.
The annual outing of St. Paul's parish
will take place on Wednesday, June 12,
at Los Gatos, and the committees In
charge promise an entertaining pro
gramme and a most pleasant outing to
all who take part. Captain M. J. Wren
is president of the day and John Mc-
Gushln vice president, the secretaries be
ing R. S. Shepston and Charles J. Wllley.
The following committees have been ap
pointed: .
Trains will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 9:10 a. m., June 12, and will stop
at Valencia street. Ocean View and San
Mateo.
Prizes— Thomas McGrath, William Hurley,
John Fafry. Cornelius O'Brien. William Haas.
"William Mahar, Thomas Branson. M. Kelleher.
T Ahern, P. Praher, J. Howe, J. McDermott.
M/ Aahe, F. .Wales, P. H. Sullivan. Thomas
Branson Jr., Joseph Carroll, John Kelly,
Thomas Grant, Thomas Christal Jr.
Grounds— R. Shepston, W. Healy, Richard
Coughlln. . ?
Music— Rev. C. E. Kennedy. Daniel Meagher,
T Christal, W. Healy and T. Desmond.
Games— Rev. P. Hennessy, M. W. Farrell.
John Murrayjj'. H. Spring, J. W.Maher and
Press— Rev. C. E. Kennedy, R. Ehepston, C.
J. Wllley and Edward Powers. ' .>'-'V
IiAJTE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Tuesday, May 23.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorensen, 11 days from
Pert Gamble.
Schr Volant, Halversen. 14 days from Port
Gamble. I -
Schr Louis, Genders, 8 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
? SAILED.
Tuesday, May 28.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Cureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, — .
STRANGE POINT
IN BOTKIN CASE
Will Ask United States Su
preme Court for Writ
of Habeas Corpus.
"Blow Was Struck in
Delaware" Declare
the Attorneys.
Now as to Mrs. Botkln'R case. The "fa
tal blow" that ended the life of Mrs. John
P. Dunning was "struck" In Delaware. In
the North Carolina case the bullet was
sped into Tennessee. In the Botkln case
the box of poisoned candy was sped with
the swiftness of the malls over the boun
daries of several States and at Dover.
Del., "delivered the fatal blow." Under
the authorities" cited, the Jurisdiction to
try Mrs. Uotkln lies In the courts of Dela
ware; bet as she was not In tho State of
Delaware "when the fatal blow was
struck," and had not since been there Del
aware cannot demand the right to extra
dite, her for trial.
This rleht of one State to withhold an
accused person from the Jurisdiction of
the courts of another. Mrs. Botkln's at
torneys point out. is the result of British
oppression prior to the secession of the
United States from British authority. One
of the causes for the secession was Great
Britain's action in "transporting citizens
across the peas to be tried for pretended
offenses." When the constitution of tho
United States was framed Great Britain's
action In this regard was remembered,
and hence provisions were placed in the
constitution to prevent the removal of an
accused person from one sovereign state
to another for trial, unless such accused
person was actually— not constructively— a
fugitive from the state demanding the de
livery of the body of the accused for trial.
In view of these precedents, Mr. Heg
gerty says that there is but one place
where Mrs. Botkln can be legally tried.
That place Is Delaware, "and," he says,
"as Delaware is a small and uninterest
ing State it Is not likely that Mrs. Botkln
will ever be tempted to wander within its
boundaries, and nothing but her own will
can ever take her there."
Was Blow Struck in Delaware?
Pnforp the Supreme Court of the United
flifUfd tl><* jurisdiction of tliu court* of
<'nllfM'iila to try Mr*. Untkln for 1I10 inur
«W of Mr*. Ounnlns will !•« attacked.
TlH* CrlH)l'llt*(1 PHH0 HjmltlKt OullrHH, tllf
Hityer ef I'i'ctsldfiit Onrtield, will \w> cited
tts an authority In pupport of tin 1 con
tention that jurisdiction do«-n not r^t In
tin* t'rflffnrnlu fuurtM. and nn niuitlly »t?U'
urntrs North Carolina ohms will nluo b«
rclM upon. . .
Whw (hiltPnti wnrt iiineivl on trial In
thp Dlftrlct <\t Cohimlilii It wbh tirKt-d by
hlH c«uiii>pI that thn jiirlmilftltiit t" try
him lay In tho court * ut New Jcrnr-y,
whrrp (1nr»1fUt WttU taltrn Hftrr brliltf
Wotltidcd mid whrrn he dk-d. It wim ttrgod
by Gultrau'i* c-dUimrl that the death coin
plpted the murder, and that the crjmf of
murder had not been committed in thf
Dlntrli't of Columbia. Tho Buprtme Ootirt
held, however, that the crlmn of murder
had been oompletrd where the fatal blow
warn Ftruck. nnd tiultcjiu whs trlnt In thn
District of Columbia and executed for hiB
crime.
In the other rase mentioned a murder
was committid acroFS tho boundary line
between North Carolina and Tennessee.
The man who fired the fatal shot was in
North Carolina, the victim In Tennessee.
The Governor of North Carolina refused
to deliver u» the murderer for trial In
Tennessee, it being held that as he wan
not in Tennessee at the time the shot was
fired he was not a. fuptltlve from the jus
tice of Tennessee, and hence the petition
for extradition must be denied. The mur
derer was placed on trial In North Caro
lina, however, and convicted of the mur
der committed In Tennessee. The Judg
ment was reversed by the Supreme Court.
It was held that the Jurisdiction to try
the accused lay solely In Tennessee,
"where the fatal blow was struck." Tin
refusal of the Governor of North Caro
lina to permit the extradition of the ac
cused was upheld by the Appellate Court
and as a result the accused went free,
and suffice to say rellplously avoided Ten
nessee, wherein alone the Jurisdiction to
try him for his crime lay.
Oulteau Cueo to Be Cited.
California's sovereign rights and pow
ers will bo pitted ngftlnBt the sovereign
rlshts unri powers of Delaware In a linal
effort before the Supreme Court of the
United Stales to secure freedom for Mrs.
Cordelia 13otl<:n, now confined in the
Uinnch County Jail, charged with the
jnurdtr of Mra. John P. Dunning. Attor-.
noys Knight and Hcggerty nre now pre
paring a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus on behalf of Mrs. Botkln, which
will -Le presented to Judge Carroll Cook
and argued before . him next week.
1'hoiijrji Mrs. Uotkln's oase has been
placed on, the calendar of the court for
trial, the action which Attorneys Knight
and Iicggerty purpose taking will act us
a star, and If Mrs. Botkln in ever placad
on trial again it will certainly not bo
within the year.
In parsing upon Mri». Uotkln's appeal
i*ie Supreme Court of this State reversed
the judgment of conviction, but sustained
the 1i.i>dlctlon of the court* of this Stata
to try the uccused. As the Judgment was
reverse^ and a new" trial ordered it w;i:s
not final and hence, under the rules of
practice; the case could not be taken to
thfl Fuprem* Court of the United Btatex
or, a writ of error. Such action ran only
follow ji linal Judgment. As all Judgment*
In imbcas corpus proceedings are deemed
Jlnnl h writ «f habeas rorpua will bo up
piled fr.i before Judge Cook, and In event
of hi* refusal to grant the writ, which In
Ueenud more than probable, a writ of
« j rror will be applied for nnd the cRflo
tuken to the court of lust* resort In tho
United 8tult?»,
UNPARALLELED TASK PLANNED
FOR CALIFORNIA STUDENTS
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY; MAY 29, 1901.
: United States Commissioner George E.
Morse .filed with United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday his report in
the case of A. W. Beadle vs. the schooner
Reliance and others. Commissioner Morse
finds that Beadle is not and at the time
of the seizure " and sale of ' the schooner
Reliance was not the owner of . any - part
thereof and not entitled to any part of
the proceeds of the sale. He finds that
the Western Trading Company Is the own
er of seventeen twenty-fourths of . the
schooner and entitled to that proportion
of 'the balance on hand after deducting
costs. -The .ownership/ of the. remaining
seven twenty-fourths has not been suffi
ciently proved.
This Tells The Story
One Opinion taken from over one thousand testimonials
received from the most prominent physicians all over the world.
DAVID WAL.SH, M. p., C. M. Edln., Physician to the '
Western Skin Hospital, London, England, -writes t
" I have found Hunyadi-Janos to answer every purpose and I invariably prescribe
it. partly because it can be obtained anywhere and everywhere, partly because of its
uniform action, and last, not least because it is preferred by my patients."
liif ail lanes CURES Constipation
Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all Stomach and Liver Troubles,'
No Medicine in the world has received such widespread endorsement
LABEL ON BOTTLE is BLUE with Red Centre Panel
Ej^SSS Gratitude a»nd Sympathy a
¦fy^ Y jfla^ffl8%BSSfl ' It l» with gratitude to you and sympathy for suffering women that I write thb. I
K Sf flCTH WF V ~\k miscdrrfed September 15th, and flooding followed. Three doctors attended me but did me A
K^^. vMSbBHIIL iTO no S°od. I had almost given up hope of recovering, when on December 12th, my husband w|
WJSBMsysjSiQa j| brought home a Ladies' Birthday Almanac, in which Isaw a testimonial from a lady afflicted ¥9
B^jgj^y>Vvd^SLi^B like myself. I immediately got a bottle of Wine of Cardui and commenced taking it From gM
BjSS^yMflH^mpwS the first dose it seemed to help me. When I began I could not sit up. ' Some times I could fi|
i^^tel—T^Sfli Hr /TKbRS not ra ' se m y n^ to * a ' le a { ' rin ' 1 w ' tnout help. The doctors said I would have to undergo C&
KfipBSSA JSmSS an operation as soon as I had strength to stand it Thanks to Wine of Cardui. I am well W
wBrnmSmMtim '"G&ffm I w itnou t an operation and weigh 123 pounds, which is more than I ever weighed before. I Mm
nSHMQK^KH Amv%39 ave one m y own W01 * e anuar y '5th. Mrs. T. H. ELLIOTT. K
KkT^^^T r HUli Hundreds of women are slipping into untimely graves who would be well JB
IHk^/^^LJtw I ¦ '.; w83ffl and happy if some one would induce them to. take a bottle of Bg
Am^^^ That U the way Mrs. Elliott's jjfe was saved when she suffered miscarriage and Jm
¦M ; her strength was ebbing away on account of the terrible flooding which followed. Bm
MM The Wine brought her speedy relief and eventually restored her to perfect health. And now she can H
¦B do all her own work. The doctors could not help Mrs. Elliott They suggested "operation". Wine h|
¦9 of Cardui has completely cured nine out of every ten cases of female troubles arising from disordered BS
§B menstruation or from the accidents of pregnancy or childbirth. It fib a woman for every duty of life. Kg
HI No suffering woman should give up hope until she has given Wine of. Cardui a trial. All druggists Wk
mW For advice and literature, address, siring symptoms, "The Ladles' Advisory 'afsff
M '. Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. AS i
¦ ¦ PI b1_«_s«1_— _11s*L_iM___^lsii^sfcljMBsfci_irilM__ !¦ —I nr - "^"THB/SAy::-rBAyCISCO;>-OALL;/^W-Ep3jrKSPAYyvMAY- 29, lwi.
10
KAN FRANCISCO CALL. V v ;
3U6INESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock even' night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
rcvn«i day: oi>en until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes street: cp«n until 9:30 p. m.
f3J McAllister street: open until »:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln *treet:^ppen until 9:30 p. m.
2341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m. ' * '
JC6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m. .
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
"MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory » <_r>
No I. Ancient and Accepted __>3cL_B_
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry ffft$i»*J&PcK
—Officers a^d members: \ ou • NfiM^^iM
v are hereby notified to assem- fcTlSW 7_J
hie at Commandery Hall, Ma- " -r&T$-rrr1
ponlc Temple, WEDNESDAY.
May 29. 190L at 1 o'clock p. *&&&/
'ftj&srsns _s. te 5s_«r. <*h*ux
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
GODFREY DE ST. OMAR Coun- £jhj£3
ell No. 1. Knights Kadosh, An- iB_r _.
olent and Accented Scottish &_^S3LJH
Rite of Freemasonry— Officers ESyjffiggjg
and members: You are hereby _--»-- ~_
notified to assemble at Com- •- Jtjl
tnandery Hall. Masonic Temple. ___j^
WEDNESDAY. May 29. 1901. at
1 o'clock p. m.. to take part in the funeral
obsequies . of our late brother. WILLIAM
PARKER BROOKS. 32". K. C. C. H.
FA HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Chanter No. 1. _
Knights nose Croix. Ancient and I
Accepted Scottish Rite of Free- _. JLl— ,
ma«onry— Officers and members: — BY"—
You are hereby notified to asscm- fck
We at Commandery Hall, Masonic /"
Temple, on W_DNESDAY. May \\ -~
29 1901. at 1 o'clock p. m., to |_J
» to «_n/a^"h^wfflS5! PARKER
BROOKS, gfrgfrg BURNER. Secretary.
TERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection ._
No. L Ancient and Accepted Scottish TT
Rite of Freemasonry— Officers and f\
members: You are hereby notified to Jg£
assemble at Commander}' Hall. Ma- 7**T.
sonic Temole. WEDNESDAY. May 29. 1901.
at 1 o'clock p. ra.. to take part ln the funeral
ob*eoui»s of our late brother. WILLIAM
PAP.KER r.ROOKS. 32°. K. C. C. H.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and ¦
A M.— Officers and members are re- _»%_
Fpectfully requested to assemble at the J\J\
temple THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). 'V^
st 2 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral obsequies of our late brother. WI_-
& A W. M PARKER T B ggg. K |kO-?CH:Tec° f
MOUNT MORIAH Lodce No. 44. F. and ¦•
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) ¦+&%-
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Third de- Sk_K
gr»e. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /XT>
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. *
M-— D. 3d THIS EVENING. May 'J9. _^\_
at 7:C0 o'clock. By oraer of the W. M. >%_J\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. / ~r
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. a
M —Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAT) EVENING. May 29, at 7:30 ~L3T
o'clock. 3d D. By order of the W. M. ' v >
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Oiled meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- TK_J^
Bree. R. E. ALLEN. Secretary. ' ***
SYRACUSE Lodge No. 5S. K. of P.-
Funeral notice: Members of l° d S e 5«Ly>»
and brother Knights are requested t °__^t?<'
attend the funeral of P. C. PAUL -«____
TROilSXLITZ. THIS DAY. from the resi-
dence of Mrs. A. Kozmlnsky, 1713 Geary st..
«» o'clock. Intenn»_LOO. F. Ceme-
GEO. RABBITT. K. of Tl. and S.
K R B.— A MEETING of the Hall /
Association will be held at It* ,_
hall. 1133 Mission St.. THIS **. &
'WEDNESDAY) EVENING. May
23, at 8 o'clock. PRESIDENT. ty^F 1
THE Caledonian Club will hold Us v
thirty-fifth annual gathering and J>» \BmJ
Fames at Shell Mound Park on
THURSDAY. Mav SO. The best
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over $2500 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing uo to S
p. xn. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
dancing. Over forty events on pro— amme:
get one. A Highland welcome with a full
<5sy of pleasure to all. Buy round-trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds adults, 50c; children, 25c.
'-;¦< COMMITTEE.
U. G. W. of A.. Local 131— Special meeting for
cutters, apprentices and all men working in
our trade, 117 Turk St., downstairs.
WEDNESDAY. May 29, at 8 p. m. sharp.
Be prepared to take your book out.
ED CORPE. Secretary.
ASPHA-TC3I ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frte: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. KO Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery Bt., S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BATHS.
YOUR kitchen stove will yield boiling hot
water for baths by using LANE'S new gal-
vanized pipe cystem; ring up Main 315; con-
su Ration free.
KOAUDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
A widow would like 2 children to board; fur-
nSfhed room for parent. 246 Clementina st.
I OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
mr»!>nnny vard:nr.««ehor,l:reasor;able.l607 Cal.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — IWO: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Geary St.; rent S40; first-class business, clear-
ing above $150 a month. Call R. G.. WILKE,
2«Va Kearny st.
A— fCOO; PARTNER wanted in restaurant and
coffee saloon clearing about J250 per month;
Choicest location near the Presidio ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26YJ Kearny st.
A— KC0; RESTAURANT; rent $30; location
close to Kearny st.: 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Keamy Et.
A — $€00; PARTNER wanted ln manufacturing
hufinets; a rare chance for right party, as
there is money In sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
26' i Kearny st.
A-S4G0: BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nlfhed room; rent $12: daily receipts 110; lo-
cation Polk st. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C%
Kearr.y st. ,
A RAKE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will Invoice price;
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE,
2614 Kearny st. ,
A— $350; DELICACY store with branch bakery;
living rooms; rent $18; choicest location: Va-
lencia 6t.; come make an offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no nfeht work. See ft. G.
WILKIS. 26H Kearry «t.
A— $1000; HALF Interest ln leading lestaurant;
private boxes; located close to Powell and
Market rts. R. G. WILKE. 26V_ Kearny »t.
A— J2C00; BOARDING and livery rrtable. WesT
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $1M
f-r month; large patronage; etuck of bug-
gie#. bor*»s and harnees first-class. Call H.
G. WILKE. 26'^ Keamy Bt.
A— txffl; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms; e*t_bllshe<l years; rent $_; locatlci;
can't be beat and the business is flrst-clabs,
Call R. O. WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny st.
A— $4C0O; SALOON on Market Bt; place estab-
lished many yearn and doing a large busl-
ne?t; net rent $135: dekness ln family com-
• pel* owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
_ WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bar*
200 candy and Icecream stores, 600 restaurants,
900 ftores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If yot
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
FOR private »ale— Some of best ealoons ln city,
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
J2&0— CORNER grocery and bar; established a
years; bargain, on account of other business
Mclaughlin _ co., 777>4 Market _t
$100— PARTNER wanted; commission ¦ business
Mclaughlin _ co.. mu Market «t.
A-51000; BAKERY; near city: living rooms
receipt* $2.1 day; bargain. STRAND & KAI
SER. 209 Kearny -t.
I HAVE bargains ln groceries and bars, reg
tauraats, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions
drug stores, etc JOSEPH BAILIE. 758 Mkt
BUTCHER ship ln a flourishing country town
doing fine business, cheap for $500; sell to
day $2to. Business Board Trade, 226 Pine st
A— CANDY store ln Western Addition^!'." "i860
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition' 500
Saloon ln burtness district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-'
Ing-house '. .¦••• 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st 2000
Merchandise business ln good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses
delicacy' store*, in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL _ CO.. 1032 Market st
THE leading millinery store ln the most flour-
ishing interior city of California; established
ovtr 7 years; will sell fixtures, with or with-
out stock. Apply 26 O'Farrell St., room 17.
WANTED— Sober and intelligent partner with
$2500 cash for good paying cash business, with
generous ealary; principals only. Box 4177,
Call of flee. / , - '.
A— FURNISHED, 30-room lodglnR-house ln the
heart of Oakland for rent. MITCHENER &
PORTER. 466 Eighth St.. Oakland.
HAY, coal yard and stable to let; rent very
low; well established business. 1229 Fell St.
FOR sale— Cigar store with clubroom attached.
Inquire 2833 Greenwich et.. Presidio.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; on account
leaving for Europe. 846 Valencia st. ¦ .
UOO-PARTNBR in coffee and chop house. Box
3282. Call office.
COFT—E and lunchhouse for sale on account of
sickness; price $80. 245 Fifth Bt.
FOR eale— $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. ECO Halght st.
IF you are getting only 3 per cent for yout
money call upon us; our securities pay 5 to
6 per cent. West Coast Investment Co., Phe-
lan building. ,
$600-SALOON •
Mltsion st.: daily receipts $16: cheap rent:
4 years' lease; stock and fixtures Invoice $500;
sell this week. Apply 906 Market st., rm. S.
DENTAL office, well advertfsed, doing a busi-
ness of $600 a month: this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144, i Call
office. . '
$200— BAKERY, notions, school supplies, etc.; 2
schools In block; cause, death; no agents.
Apply 923 Greenwich st., S. E. corner Jones.
$300 — SACRIFICE ; paying cigar store in town
of 5000 Inhabitants^ clears over $70 per
month. Box 3192, Call office.
PRACTICAL carpenter can secure an Interest
ln a— -established, profitable business; capital
required $125. Apply G32 Market St., room «.
A whole building to lease; 15 Grant ave.; fine
location: suitable any business: rear entrance.
BRANCH bakery and" variety store; good place
' for man and wife. 591 Fourth st. ¦ -
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer-
clal St.. second door from Kearny; rent $20.
PARTNER In some splendid paying patents;
either lady or gentleman. Call at 7 Clara st.
FOR sale— Good-paying saloon; best location;
low rent; going away. Box 3226. Call office.
WANT to buy good shoem#klng business cheap.
Address box 3257, Call office. t •
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109&
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL5.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
14 rooms; fine sunny corner : $ 700
24 rooms; new; elegant furniture 2. 000
11 rooms on Sixth St.; rent $30 425
32 room? on Market st 2.0C0
20-room house on Turk st 1.200
S3 rooms; rent 1130: clears $500 2.600
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.: new 900
26 rooms on Kearny st. : clears $100 1.600
45-room house; clears $100 2,000
16 rooms on Sixth st "w
100 rooms: corner: clears $500 7,000
120 rooms; clears $600 10.000
16 rooms: new and clears $100 1,400
30-room house transient) 2,300
15 rooms on Mission st "w
300 OTHER HOUSES FROM $100 TO $10,000.
GIVE ME A CALL— I 'CAN SUIT YOU.
EVERY HOUSE I SELL CAN BE PAID
FOR AT THE RATE OF $10 PER MONTH.
I have been ln this business ln this city over
26 years and have seen every hotel, boarding
and rooming-house built, and can tell whether
! they will pay.
• H C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.» opposite
Fifth; phone Mint 796. "
MARION GRIFFIN The Real Estate Agent,
719 Market St., rooms 1 and 2, by Call bldg.
Houses of 20 rooms are ln big demand.
Here Is part of my list
20 r. Grant $1800 20 r., Ellis ....$1600
20 r,, Jessie 700 20 r.. Market 1000
20 r. Mission lOOu 20 r.. Seventh 1300
I 20 r.; O'Farrell.... 3000 20 r., Geary ...... 1400
20 r., MBrket 850 20 r., O'Farrell ... 1359
20 r., Eddy 1400 20 r., Kearny 1000
20 r.. Mason 250C 20 r., Geary 2000
20 r. Turk 1000 20 r.. Fifth 1000
I am agent for sale of 471 rooming houses.
Please call for list cf any size or price.
I have money to loan on any house I sell.
If you want to sell your house, phone me.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
SCO Market Et. ana 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. £2 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all Eizes and prlcis. See list of bargains.
5S-room hotel: rent $125; fine business.... $4000
20 rooms; rent 75: newly renovated 1200
14 rooms; hardwood finish: income $120.. 700
12 rooms; rent $40; sunny; good furn.... 555
20 rooms; cor.; cheap rent; good trans' t. 1000
19 rooms: rent $60; good furn.: clears $70. 1000
38 rooms; cor.; sunny: pays well 900
8 rooms; rent $35: 6 furnished 200
12 room: California st. ; rent $50; apart-
ments; oak and mahogany furn; first-
class roomers 8M
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
S rooms; lovely corner; new furniture.. $350
10 rooms; van Ness; cost $1400; to-day.. 1000
20 rms.; downtown: nr. Market: rent $75. 1200
35 rooms: big money-maker; Al value.. 2000
118 r. modern house; sood cor.: make offor.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
W ALTER HAYES & CO.. 338 Market St.
~ ATTENTION, BUYERS! /
You may buy any rooming-house ln
the city, and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vncant hnuse3 furnished, t '
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WINSTON & WOLF.
.1026 Market Ft.
21 rooms; part cash; central $1200
32 rooms; rent $40: clears $100 1200
42 rooms: cheap rent: clears $1CO 2000
35 rooms; rent $S0; reduced to ROO
1 20 rooms, corner, only 60C
FISHER & CO.. 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800: 33 rooms, price $14CC.
24 rooms, price J10C0; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325.
8 room s, finely furnished, rent $30. $SCO.
! If a bargain we have them at any price.
9 ROOMS on Minna st.; price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st. ; nrice $700.
9 rooms on Sixth Bt.: price *450.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: nrice J1500.
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st.
: JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses.
; PARTIES wishing to purchase lodging-houses
' at reasonable prices call 1008*4 Market, r.' 4.
LOI>GING-HOUSES TO 1.ET.
WANTED, at once— Good tenants for 4 new 103-
¦ room houses. SPECK & CO., 667 Market Bt.
splRITpA] _ Isa g ~
i WnsTlZJ- WHITNEY^
' Trance, business me.llum: life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures nick: cancer removed without
up./,- of knife. 1164 OTarrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
[ Bt. car; pit., tl: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
• DR. WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly: circles Tuesday. Thursday nnd Sat-
urday evenings; readings dally 1 to 4; ladles
1 60c. gents $1. 205 Larkln st., fourth floor,
room* S7 and 83. , • . ' ''..'.: Ky.
C. V. MILLER'S benefit seance Children'*
Hospital, 8 p. m.,,60c. 1084 Bush St., near
• Le.avcnworth. ¦ . • '
¦ ALL receive tests to-night, 10c; marvelous
nartlngn dally. 50c, SI. ARNOLD DICK-
HON. 148 Sixth st. ' ¦
• MRP. LOUISK B. DRBW. '.Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Heater. Room 14, 305 Larklr
et. : tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. in. to 6 p. m
. MRH. HUBBARdTiW Oak-Circle Tuesday anil
, Frldsy, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; read-
, ¦ Ing dally, 50c. ;
. ATTEND Mme. Marquise's tent circle to-night
tit 8; 10c; sittings dally, ,1 to 5. 108 Sixth *t.
. MRS. LESTER. 14* Sixth, rm. 11; clr. : every
eve., 10c; except devtl. dr., Friday eve., 26c.
. FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C, J.
0 Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-ntght; 10c.
' RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet »e-
. ance to-night; tests to all. B09 Gough Bt.j
' Mr». Gllllngham, hrs. 1 to 6; circles Sun.T'VVed.,
. Frt.. 10c. 305 Larkln. Wed.. 8at.,Oakld, 522 22d.
: EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297-
t Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
- MRS. ALICE, AUSTIN, business and test me-
dlum ; clairvoyant ; card reader; 715 Post ¦ st.
' MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. . 117~Tayloi
et., room 14. ' .' •¦ *"a
- KATIE HEUREMANN, 136 West Mission' st.,
- nr. 13th— Circle Sun. eve, 25c; sittings dally.
''CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MM-^MT^ERlJAifD,-."
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st, next Examiner. bldg.
She reads yo\r life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are ln trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or havejlomes-
tlc, love or business troubles, consult this great
• medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ¦
BROESKE BROESKE ..BROEfcKE
The well-known psychic and I scientific
palmist; gives advice on all affairs of life;,
reads your entire life— past, present and fu-
ture; your character, talents, abilities,
health, etc. ; gives advices ln regard to pro-
fession, love affairs, business, speculations;
etc: scientific palmistry taught: oral palm-
istry; readings II; perfect satisfaction by
mall. Send stamp for circular, 203 Turk st.
ARRIVED ARRIVED
MADAM MONTAGUE
Clairvoyant and palmist. Are you anxious
concerning your future, . love, marriage,
money, business, employment, : health, etc.?
Consult Madam Montague »t once;holx power
and advice await you; she gives names
facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mall;
hours 10 a. m., 8 p. m. 13_ Market, op. 7th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. -the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2o and
26- take elevator. Perfect satisfaction sruar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the ereat clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up: 'satisfaction i to ' every-
body: cure diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease wlt:i life reading; ladies o0c.
gents >1 palm, and clair. git. $160- 126 Turk.
ISMAR. \hft Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
¦palmist, permanently located 114S Market. op._.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
fails; readings. 50c. 1203 MlfS'.on St.. corner 8th.
MME. SANDERS, . 38 McAllister St.. medium
and palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and
gives advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm-
ist: has second night: wonderful prophetess;
names given; 1. 50c; g. SI. 1203 Market, cor- 8th.
MMB. LAROSE. best clairvoyant; card reader,
test medium. 25c up. 472 Stevensonst.. cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card-reader; la-
dies 25c; pent3 50c. 182 Sixth st.
FOR peace of mind see Mesmar, the great
clair.. life reader: truth only.. 1152 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL."well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 116th; German spoken; tel.Howard.184C.
MME. SCHAFFER. 2lairvoyant, card reader;
glttlng3 dally. 448Mi Jessie St.. bet. Eth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. (RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
C HEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
CARPET BEATING AXD C^EANI?fG.
WHEN you become dlsgUFted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
injj Works. 353-357 Tens ma St.: tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Bt. : tel. Jessie 10G1.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
I 344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st. : tel. South 2oO.
j e MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 243 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944. .
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beatine Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone Fast 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalna: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Eutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGK W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market ft.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY 4 rooms; yard; 7 Rlncon ave.-. off Sec-
ond st. ' Key 623 Second st. ; small family
only; $10. '
DENTISTS.
Xr~the"ELECTRO~-DENTAL CLINIcrioTMar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fce hours, 3 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, -9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 60; fillings.
10c; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
| warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist ln order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
ami bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing ln gold filling: no hamm«rt_ as
before: absolutely no pain: Investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy.r.44&32.'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.813% Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
lees extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly -in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ' '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
DRESSMAKERS 'AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating;'country orders prompt
nttentlon. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft MnfTatt.
' EDUCATIONAL,. %
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. ' Parrott bldg.—
Fhorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
fhorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue."
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
P.. F.— Bookkeeping, phorthanci, typing, lan-
guages,, telegraphy. English .branches, civil,
electrical and mining 1 engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions: new 80-page catalogue free.
1 AYRE3' Business College, .723 Market fit.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction: positions secured; catalogue free.
, A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. "
• CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
' tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
: can therefore with confidence puarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln «t.
' ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hnllett School.
'¦ associated with theatrical agency securing
.pooltlonn. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Olvll, elec.mlnlng.mech.^ur-
vey annoy, cyanide; day. eve,; ert. 1864.- Van
ner Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
i , . — — _______________________
• A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping 'and the
Gregg «horthand costs only $80. Ban Fran-
cIbco Business College, 1236 Market Bt. . -¦
• A SPECIALTYT-Perfectlng beginners : buslnesn
¦ college Kmdnates: bookkeeping: ft— ires; nhort
; time, TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
• MERRILL-MILLKR College, nhorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms.' 40-45,
: Parrott hldg.. Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
• WANTED— A few pupils ln all branches ln oil
pain tins by very competent lady teacher; 60c.
• BoxE .Call office. : .'"¦¦. . - ¦"
SHORTHAND taught by mall and personally.
• .MISS M, G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
, Mun*on. School Shorthand, Tvplng.Bookkeeplng,
• Spanish. 137 Montgomery,. E.M. Carpenter, p*.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. ' Prof. Merkl," l&oj
• . Mission: concert May 29. .Union Square Hall,
SENORITA ROSARIO AOACIO. native teach-
• - er of Spanish. 2303 Bush st. : -. ',.
! ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
• .etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th.
' CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• Call, 16 pages, sent, to' any. address in the
V United States or Canada one year for It." ¦¦¦¦
r >
• Electrlc-Chemlc < medication : cures faulty nutri-
tion,, nerve, blood . & constitutional , diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium.' 8 Mason.
JA'pANETE^Emliioymeint'offlce . and .House-
cleaning Co.: best help; send men at. short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk: tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE 'and Chinese help of f.11 kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. OEO.
„ AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE.'central housecleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment^ of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main ol88.
CHINESE 'and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 4im 0'Fn.rrell st.: tel. East 4Z6.
EMPLOYMENT.
A FIRST-CLASS cook (Swedish) would like a
place in San Mateo or San Jose for cooKint,
•only; wages from $35. to $40. Address. Cook,
box 32S9, Call. * ' ' '' . "'¦'--'¦'
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house: go° a RJS,," ¦
icook; from $12 to $15 a month. Box 3278,
Call\offlce. • '-¦¦¦• ¦ ¦-••¦'¦.
FIRST-CLASS woman laundress want3 work
by the day or week; Is capable of doing all
kinds of work. Call or address 604 Minna st.
A GOOD willing woman wishes situation to do
general housework; city or country, in
Minna st. ' ¦
RESPECTABLE woman would like to set
work by the day. Address A., Call Branch,
1P6 Eleventh st. - ;
RESPECTABLE woman wants to get In a
small family to do housework; good cook,
email 'washing. . 20 Eleventh st. '
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook;
no objection to small washing; city or coun-
try. 419 Minna st. .- ' - <
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework for
small family; city or country; references.
Box 41 SI. Call. _________
WANTED— A position to do general housework
in small American .family: wages $20 month.
Address box 4182, Call office. ;
A NEAT Swedish woman wishes laundry or
work by the day. Apply 12 Steuart st.
SWEDISH girl wants a position as ladles'
maid or seamstress; city or country. 4<6 Feu.
A YOUNG girl (Swedish) wants to assist with
housework ln small family. Box 4176. Call.
WANTED— By the day. work of any kind by a
competent woman; cltaning, washing or cook-
Ing. Room 15, 1032 Market Bt.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position as
cook or housekeeper;, city or country; no
' triflcrs. 107 Turk St., room 39. ¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation at
kitchen work. 1731 Market st. ¦ _
TRAINED nurse havir-g over 7 years' experi-
ence in hospital and private v work, wants to
take care of sick or Invalid person; best of
references. Box 3261, Call office. . -
SWEDISH woman; Is «« first-class cook: best
of references; wages $35 to $40. 513 McAllister.
NURSERY governes3. lately returned^ from
abroad; 4 years in titled family. 431 OFar-
¦ rell st. ¦
BY refined English lady, just arrived, as *com-
panlon, needle woman, pianist, singer and
¦ reader. 1S23 Devlsadero st _ ' ¦
REFINED young woman wishes a posltlon_as
working housekeeper; country preferred. Box
41S3, Call office. ' - • ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Bt. ¦ '
EMPLOYJ1RNT WASTED MALE.
GROCERY manager— I am successfully manag-
ing a grocery house, doing a business of two
hundred and fl£ty thousand ($250,000) yearly;
would make a change; best reasons and ref-
erences; can handle both wholesale and retail
trade. Address box 3287. Call office.
A FAMILY of four— man, wife, son 22 years
and girl 12 years — wish to tend to orchard
' or chicken range or both; good experience in
trimming and dp-ing fruits. Box 32S8, Call.
WANTED— Situation as night watchman or any
kind of work by man aged 35; handy with any
kind of tools and willing to work; references.
Box 3279. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bedmaker or all round lodging-
house man wants employment, 24 years. old.
' Address JOSEPH KELLY. 205 Second at.
MAN would like to learn bartending or would
. take position as night watchman. aa4>6
Stevenson st. . - ¦ ;
WILLING, industrious young man wishes
. work in a private place; suburbs or country;
can care for horses and cows. Box 3275 Call.
YOUNG man wants position to do general
work. OTTO GREENBERG, 237 Shipley St.,
city. ¦ • . ¦¦¦-.' - .
SITUATION wanted; blacksmith; can do lathe
work; understand electrical machinery. Box
41S0, Call office.
GOOD, reliable Linotype operator (German or
'English'), just from the East, would like to
have steady position; can take care of ma-
chine, make changes for size and style of
type and also repair small breaks: can also,
if required work on case, either German or
English. Address A. MUELLER, box 11. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN gardener; understands care
of horses, buggies, cowe. vegetables, lawn,
flowers; ln urivate fa roily; ver» useful and
willing; city or country- Box 3247. Call.
A GOOD jobblr-g blacksmith and shoer, mar-
. rled and steady, wishes a situation, city or
country; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
¦ M., -box 3211, Call office. ¦
WANTED— A position as cutter and general
• tailor, • young man, steady and industrious;
best of references. Address G. C. WINTER-
BERG. 1618% Turk et.
YOUNG man as gardener: understands the care
, of cows and horses; best of reference. Box
3270. Call office. ¦ . - .
EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation; go
anywhere; references. Box 3271. Call office.
BARTENDER wishes position; good appear-
ance and well recommended-. Address • J. C.
S.. 15 Hawthorne st.
BARTENDER— Young man, long employed
present place. want3 change. Box 3269, Call.
I AM first-class family cook and can get rec-
ommendation. Any one wanting cook please
- send letter to CHUNG WING, 902 Clay St..
room 3. ) o ' - ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ''
. FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed.
purified. Owen McCibe. S70 Mission, cor, fitn.
FIXANGIALv _^^
THE STANLEY "AERIAL NAVIGATION CO.
begs to announce to the public that all its
recent difficulties have been amicably set-
tled and until further notice shares of stock
will be sold for $2 per share. For further In-
formation Inquire at the company's office. 702
Market st. CHAS. STANLEY, President. "
J. A. BORN.. Secretary.
FLATS TO LET.
TO rent— 3 new flats. 5 to 8 rooms; 1907 Oak St.,
u near Cole; theee flrits are elegantly finished;
; dining-room has beamed- ceilings; rooms are
- allpapcred: parlor is frescoed; also furniture
and carpets for sale;, open for Inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 5. . -'¦ '
TO rent— 2 elegant new flats on Cole St., cor.
Oak; everything ln latest design; frescoed
ceilings; marble and tiling vestibule; rent
reasonable; also furniture and carpets for
eale: open from 10 to 12 and 1 to'5. ;
\ FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; carpets and stove
for sale. 1025 Frankiln Bt. ¦ ¦'. '
NICE, tunny, upper flat, 6 rooms; bath; tubs;
yard; 1748 Folnom st., near Thirteenth.
NATOMA. 714-Flat of 4 Runny rooms; large
' yard; cellar; no children; $10.-
i NICE flat of 4 room*; no children. 3789 Sev-
cnteenth ' »t.. near Sanchez.
BUNNY modern Croom flat; 'rent reasonable;
without children. 2813 Folsom st. , '
I KI.ATS 'I'll _KT — l«'nrnl*bed.' .
_»»^«... „ ¦... .,..,¦,¦. .,....^....
FURNISHED," 6 rms: range; 3 to 4 months; $40;
references. (Tall afternoon, G23 McAllister fct.
FimxiTimis you sale. .
, 4 R6OMS furnished In ook, $IS CO, with No. 7
range. King -Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
'- ' rUItSlTURB WAK.TED>
¦ CAL. Auction- Co., 1462 Market-Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. -
; TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
! etc.. fte W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
• AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny. buys „
¦ sells your bus., meVchandlse. fur., carpets, etc.
• IF you want to sell furn.Vmdse., etc.. see J. A.
¦Munro _ Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
¦ Golden , Gate , Auction > Co., 928 Howard • St. ¦
A.vWOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
! price for tecond-hand, furniture; tel. Red 13o4.
« Auctioneer— L.- Vlncent.1205 Larkln; tel.Polk C94;
• - furniture ft furn'd. houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS., LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
• HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.'
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 183
- ........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
4 more Southern California waitresses for first
class hotel, $25, ; fare paid •'
, 2 waitresses, springs, for.the 12th of June,
..free fare both ways........ J20
: 2 waitresses, springs, fare paid. •-<>
Chambermaid, summer resort *•¦'>
. 10 waitresses, commercial hotels..;. -$20
10 waitresses, city .'; '"vH2
. Cashier, restaurant* '. •"• • $*°
'¦.....:.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Nursegirl, , who can sew.... choice place
Cook, dairy ranch, fare paid .;..........?.••>
¦Cook, mining town.-fare paid......... $-»
, Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls. city
and country, t
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS..M. E. DAY & CO...... "..Phone Main 1575
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class hotel. • $25: ' 10 wait-
' resses. first-class city and country hotels. 520
and $25; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; 3 wait-
resses, Colorado, $20, special rates.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks,' houseslrls 'of all nationalities for
choice city and country places. MRS. M. E.
. DAY & CO., 235 Geary st.
A NEAT young saleslady, no experience neces-
sary,. $7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY-& CO.. 33o
; Geary st. " " ' -¦ .
WANTED— 8 cooks, plain wash, $25 to $30: 4
second girls, $20 to $25; nurse. 2 children; $25;
4 waitresses for city and country hotels, $20 to
$25; cook for private family, Stockton. $30. no
wash; cook for ranch, 4 people, $25: cook for
summer resort, $30; 50 gjrls for general house-
work, In city and country, $20, $25 and $oO.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
4 waitresses, springs and resorts, $20. .
-WANTED— At once, -vest opera tors; steady
work; good pay. HENRY HILP. 102-10C Bat-
. tery st. : j
YOUNG girl Vfor housework and cooking, $1C
per month; Evenings off. 1117 Van Ness ave.,
near ' Post.' ¦ _
WANTED— A neat and reliable woman for
housekeeper' and' attend store; German pre-
ferred.-; Inquire Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
WANTED— Immediately, competent nurse for
infant, $25. CATTELL'S, 525 Eighth St.. Oak-
land.^"; ¦• " - . .
GIRLS from 15 to 18 years of age. Apply at
once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. ~~
WANTED— Neat girl; general housework; 8 ln
family. 1370 Masonic ave.. near Waller st. ,
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants; -75c pair;
¦ steady work. 21114 Tehama st:, upstairs.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for light
housework. Apply 67 Rausch st.
WANTED — Girl for plain cooking and general
housework. Apply 2122 Pierce st.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $12; no
small children. 1527 Geary st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookbindery. 536 Clay st
APPRENTICES wanted ln millinery store at
692 McAllister Et : .*
A NEAT nursegirl who can do plain sewing;
$15. 233 Third ave.. Richmond.
GIRLS to sew by hand. 723 Market street,
room 35. _ . . '
IRONERS wanted on ladies' and children's
wear. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED— A girl who has experience In past-
lng. Satchel Factory, ¦ 17th and Folsom sts.
GIRL for general housework. 561 Howard st.
WANTED— A middli-aged woman to keep
house for a gentleman. Box 32S1. Call.
GIRL fcr~ housework; light wash/ng; good
wages. 2621 Howard Pt.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 . years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
'box 196, San Rafael.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS. 531
Mission st. .
A FEW experienced operators and also a lim-
ited number will be taught; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt • Factory, Gough and
Grove sts^ Y_
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32^ Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ; 5
GIRL wanted for shooting gallery. Apply after
10 a. m., 915 Kearny st.
HAND sewers, 2 girls for fasteners and drlv-
ing makers. BUSBY'S. 207 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: no
washing; family of 3 adults. 1117 McAllister.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework; smalt
American family. S03 Howard st.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on pants;
good pay. 1000 Harrison St.. corner Sixth.
EXPERIENCED hands on vests; also appren-
tice. paid while learning. 641',£ Stevensonst.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post st.,
room 43. - '
WOMAN for general housework. 955*_ Fol-
som st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission, cor. 2d.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 103*
Valencia Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1 S200 Flllmore st.
HEU' WANTED— MALE.
AT~cTrThANSEN & CO.'S /..104 Geary st.
FOR NEW R. R. WORK
50 Teamsters Ship To-night ...Truckee
50 Laborers ..J.Ship To-night........ Truckee
' Horseshoer ...Ship To-night... Truckee
1C0 tunnelmen. drillers and muckers... ?2, $2 50
..For Chatsworth Park ."
Ship To-night
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
E0 laborers, Santa Barbara & L. A. Divisions..
Ship To-night :..
Teamsters and naborers, Ukiah.... ...'.."..$2
MISCELLANEOUS
¦ Circular sawyer, country sawmill, $60 and
found, see boss here; ranch foreman, must be
a good landscape gardener, $75^ 10 milkers,
different . counties. ?30 ; horseshoer for R. R.
camp. Truckee, $2 50 a day, free fare; 20 lum-
ber • pliers and laborers for. sawmills and
. woods. $30 to $35.
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 second cooks, $70 and $75; head and second
cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $100; pas-
try cook and baker, hotel. $60: baker, springs,
$45 to $50; cake baker, $40: dishwasher, pot-
washers, kitchen hands and others. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
GROOM, private place; $30 and found; man
about place, country.. $30 and found; man
about place, city, $30 and found; stable-
man, $35; stableman for country, $30 and
found; boy for store, .. $4 week and Increase;
-: fruit peddler, $20 and found; can washer,
' $40 and found; 3 men and wives for ranches
and private families, $30, $40 and $45: man
and wife ¦ with, 2 or 3 school children, and
others., J.; F. . CROSETT & CO., '623 Sacra-
mento st. . /•".• - ' ¦
8 MINERS, $2 50 day; muckers, $2 50 day; 20
, . farmers, - $25 and $30, $1 30 and $1 50 day;
teamsters, $1 and $1 25 day and found; 6 milk-
ers, $30 and $35 and found; milker and run
separator,' $35 to $40 and found ; 3 choremen.
$25 and $30 and found ; ' cheesemaker, $35 . and
found; laborers for mill and woods, railroads
and city work and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. .. \
At the California Employment Agency,
59 Third St., Phene Bush 405.
Free Fare Free Fare
50 railroad laborers,...: $1 75 to $2 ped day
Free fare.; free fare.;... free fare
' 10 mill and woodsmen ..free fare
6 men to. make ties, redwood: free fare
4 mfn to make pouts ..$3 per hundred
4*men to cut wood, pine 4 fet>t..$l 25 per cord
2 Ktonemasons.. ....... X '.$3 to $i p«r day
6 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 ptr month and board
Bench hand, sawmill,. country.. $3 £0 per day
Man and wife for small ranch, country; a
snap . .
TWO neat boys, about 16 years, - living with
parents, to work In store; $.*> a week.' MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary St.
A— HOTEL GAZBJTTBrt 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook; springs; >40; stnady place.
JOURNEYMEN narbem' Internationa". Union-
Free employment. " 927 Market st.,' room 207.
I, LESS, Secretary;' telephone Jessie 1178.
WANTED for U. 8. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United State*, of good character and
temperate habits, ..who can speak,' read ami
write Engllih. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 • New Montgomery
. Ban i Franclaco. Cal. ¦ " '. • - '
WANTED— Buyer and; manarcer for men's fur-
nishing goods dcpt.nmust be thoroughly ex-
perienced;- state • experience, reference* 'and
: salary expected:, good position and salary, tc
right man. Answer box 32!W, Call office. ••
A— WANTED— For, a' summer hotel, 3 Chlncsi
dishwashers, ' $30;* 2 Chinese' laundrymen, $30
. fare paid. .Apply at 104 Geary iSt.
FOREMAN < bread" bakers, second and third
hand bread bakers., confectioners; good pay;
pent lanent positions. . 127 . Mason . st. - •:
WANTED-^-Structural 1 iron \ workers , for U. 8.
¦ coaling ¦ station,* Pago * Pago, Samoa. • Appl>
_ HEALY, TIBBITTS & CO.. 22 Market; at. .,
BOY to. learn. Job printing;* must hava some
experience. ¦¦: Box 8277,. Call office.
CARRIAGE painter, at O'BRIEN & SONS', 50C
1 Golden .Gate- ave.; apply at office.
L-:- lT ,~ T<p •. *yyvY rT ' !n — '****•*'• — rot * j ---
A-MtJRRAY & READY Phone MajnW
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.7WANT 7 A. M.-TO-DAY.. .......•••
CO teamsters and laborers.. Ukiah..-..»-uay
Railroad: work : ''il 1^ '. nm
CarlSad of laborers for S. P. R- R- c ,°*. Xi
work[. Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. a m-
Bions, free fare -$1 7j to $2 -5 .day
...... CARPENTERS-CARPENTERS ....••
5 carpenters, sawmill Co. $52 to $60 and found
Long Job,- see boss here ••
Rough carpenter for ranch, $1 2j, fare. •
....... OTHER MECHANICAL HELP...--;.
3 blacksmiths, different country shops. $o-
and found, $3 day, s $18 week; ranch wacK-
smith, $52 and found; horseshoer. country
shop; 3 blacksmith helpers ?*Y**£*S
camp -$33 and, found
Blacksmith helper, city • „*¦-*„."-'
2 men men, handy with tools. $2 to $2 2o day,
free fare •
-TEAMSTERS— LABORERS "•
6 4-horse teamsters ". • • • • • • • • • •**!
5 laborers. San Mateo Co.. long Job.. $2 day
10 laborers, city work. .. 5
150 laborers, cltir and country .$1 75 and $- aay
10 laborers, no experience, mines $34 and Id
.10 laborers, quarry work... •?" , ay
...FOR BRICK AND POTTERY WORKb...
Brick molders and setters $1 and $3 day
Temperer, pitfiller, etc J 2 ?2;, y
Wheelers and oftbearers *" ;.^ ay .
4 laborers, no experience required, for bricK
¦yard ;...... J32BO to $40 and found
MISCELLANEOUS •••
Farmer and wife, orchard • ?*?
Man and wife. easy#piace. cse boss here; 4
machine and 6 single hand miners, *90 ana
$75; 320 haymakers, farmers, etc.. $30, f3o.
$40; 7 ranch teamsters, $30 and $35; 15 milk-
ers, $30. $S5 and N $40; choreman and boys^
$25. $20 and $15; 3 butchers, 565. $20 and $2»
and found .*..'.
7 HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS. .......
Baker, sawmill camp, see boss here; lunch
cook and helper, club, city; bartender, plain
place: broiler. $45 ZT""m
15 hotel and restaurant and second cooks; 7
ranch cooks, $25 to $40: 3 butchers; 7 bakers;
14 waiters, city and c-.imtry; dishwashers and
kitchen help. Call and get one of our lists
for other positions not advertised.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
TWO young men would like to develop a farm
in one of the bay counties; willing to pay
: taxes or small rental for Interest. Box 32S-.
Call office. " . ¦
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
St., San Rafael: tel. Red 15. ___
STRONG boy about 18. Apply between 8 and 9
a. m.. FRANK BROS.. Kearny & Sacram to.
GOOD plumber wanted as partner. 233 Third
street. . ¦ ;
WANTED— Bootblack; wages $10 a week. Russ
House Baths. 217 Montgomery st.
JAPANESE plain cook, family of 2, ln Sausa-
llto; wages $15. 212 Clay st.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter
St., near Leavenworth. :
STRONG boy to 'learn ihe trade. Satchel Fac-
tory. Seventeenth .and Folsom sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted: steady Job; good wages
and found. 1048 McAllister st.
BARBERS— Snap; 2 chairs: $40 week; other
business; sell at once. Room A, 935 Market. "
BARBER'S chair, J second-hand; state make
and price. Room 544, Winchester Hotel.
WANTED— Young man /rom 18 to 20 years of
age: one who can repair and set up toys. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
WANTED— First-class general blacksmith at
1522 San Bruno ave. >'
BARBERS— Good 2-chair shop, cigar stand and
laundry office :$125. Deckelman Broa..l08 Ellis.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Na'y; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3o: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthlyXpald our graduates; two montns
completes; more calls for our barbers than
,we can supply: tools presented; wage* Sat-
' urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now,
call or write for our srecial offer to-day.
MOI.ER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— 50 first-class white barbers, must
be good men. for the best shops: $14 guarantee
and steady work. Address or call at once or
telegraph -JUBITZ & SAILING, barber shop.
Portland Hotel. Portland. Or.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
FRANK C. RIVERS— Send address Imme-
diately to box 3203. Call office; Important
business requires your attention.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
GOOD bread and cake baker wanted; no Sun-
day v.ork. Box 3264. Call.
' BOY -who can read to work ln printing office.
Apply 519 Filbert 3t. - -
" MAN to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 519 Filbert st. y -
TWO boys at Busby's Glove Factory; 207 Sac-
ra mento st.
BARBERS notice— Keep away from Portland,
¦ Or. Strike rn. By order of Journeymen Bar-
bers' Union No. 14S. J. R. BLEILY, Pres.
I. LESS, Secretary^ , . -
' BARBERS, notice— All union barber shops
close Thursday, May 30. Decoration Day, at
12 noon. J. R. BLEILY. President.
I. LESS, Secretary Local Union No. 148. \
PARTIES wanting clerical positions -will do
well to call or address VXtSM Market, rm 4.
' 'VVANTED— First-class ladles" tailor. M. FE-
T>ER, 211 Post et. ¦
1 SHOEMAKER wanted: good job for steady
man; $9 pec- week. 2140 Fillmore st. v.
COATMAKER for country. Appry REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. . ¦ "
' ALL sizes men's shoes, rllghtly damaged, half
; price. E62 Mlsylon St.. bet. 1st and 2rt sts.
! FOR SALE— Three-chair barber shop and bath.
;! Address H. L. JACKSON. Ukiah. ,
! McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
f , hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
' GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
! army Fhoes. $1 up: sollnp 20c up. 923 Howard.
i MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
, free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
• WANTED — Two eood city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st.
I AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
1 PENSIONS— J. • IT. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
. ¦ Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room S18.
• WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
*ltet — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and frc— i ferry. '
¦ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
- A BRANCH office for Call advertisements . and
I ". subscriptions has been established at 10D6
; Valencia st. " ¦ r»- c ;v
i CHEAPEST and' best In America— The Weekly
, Call. 16 pages, sent to any--.address ln the
I United -States or Canada one year for $1.
poi»ta!»e nald. ' - ¦
HOUSES AXD "WAGON'S. . .
; FOR sale for 3 days— 2 standard-bred 'mares
and 1 gelding, 16 hands high," 5 years old. sired
1 ,by Secretary by Director. 2:17, dams by Jno.
: ". Nelson, Re-Echo and Bismarck; sound and
1 gentle; broken single and double. Pedlgre*
\ ' and trial riven from Monarch Stables, . 33!
• * Bush et. ' •
- 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
I cart?, harness. Grand 'Arcade Horse Market,
*27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
' SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
f . .^ .
i 40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 11W
0 to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sal«
1 this -week at the Canty Ranch. Grayssn
1 fitanltlaus County. Cal.
J V HORSES, $25 and $40; butcher cart. 'ttlM
« phaeton, $30; lady's saddle, $7 50. 21 City
f Hall ave. .
1 GOJJ» business horse and new buggy for »al«;
horwfc a good traveler.- Napa Soda Office, 14i
!J' New Montgomery st.
¦; 8. F. VETERINARY College will commence JU
Sd »es«ion Jun* 10. Catalogue by applying tc
" M. L. Pancoast. Sec. Sid Golden Gate ave.
FRESH cow and calf for sale at coalyard
Z 2910 Twenty-fourth »t. ¦ . , •
• FOR 'Ojo-Nlee^pony: r«w harness and cart
4200 klgtmenth street, corner Colllngwood.
- 40 HEAD work and driving hones. 721 How^
- ard st.; ¦•..:•
1 FINK camp wagon, harness and tent for sale
404 Jacknon »t. , '
.' ALL kinds of ramping wagons, buggies, surreyi
_ and carts. 1C34 Mission st. •
'¦ ,>LL kinds °t w "Sons. buggies, carts, harness,
y etc.. cheap. EO AN A BON. 2117 Mission st.
0 AN A No. 1 express .wagon, single, ' also llghi
. camping wagon, for sale cheap. E32 Mission.
,? c " E , Ar^ ST » nd *>*•* *i America-The Weeklj
S al iV i 6 -?".*"' "l nt t0 an * add"** In th«
Tnlted States or Canada one year for $_
1 , =
; ,' HOWES TO LET.
' A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let- send for clr
;. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I .HOUSES TO Ii_T— FCny-SHED.^"
IN Oakland, well furnished corner house con
0 venlent;to all trains. \ , Apply dally . after :
i p.m..D32 Fourteenth -st. 1 "... ¦ ¦ - ,
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST-«Pugr dojr, wfarlnjj tan collar, lock, li-
cense and bells. Finder please return to 1723
Pel's st.. and receive reward.
LOST— Opera-glasses Tnd holder, In black
bag. Reward. 1801 California »t.
LOST— A passbook with tho Hlbernta Savings
.and Loan* Society of San Francisco in tha
name of MRS. KATE QUIRK, No. 88,553.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On Alameda narrow gauge, a purse con-
taining money. N. D. O. W. ring; liberal rw-
ward. DR. MARIANA BERTOLA. 1312 Mason.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Oeary st.,
either In car or on street, lady's brown, purse.
. containing $15 cold. Finder will receive r«-
j ward for return to cashier. Call office. Claus
Spreckels building. .
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt».
jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL,
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Kills st.
MATTRESSES A>D PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
sterv- Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.:
telephone South 792.
MEDICAL.
A-EENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
Obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only t.-eatment that
helps the unfortunate: ths most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. PR. G- W. O'PONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOIIERB home treatment: the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
eonorrhea eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs:
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 monthv
suDDOsltory treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st.. 3. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female Complaints : the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mascn and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR, AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
Fpeclallsts; 32 rears' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive euro
- guaranteed at office; patients treated can n~
turn same day: harmless: consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWINt 1033 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known an.l
reliable ;23 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low: consult fre<s.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 111S Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 28 yrs.
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, removed from 9S9
Howard st. to 501 Jessie St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills op
medicine uaed. 1514 Devlsadero St.. nr. Geary.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL-.
BOILERS^'^ensrlnesl id^hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stuck of,
saloon outfits on haijd; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — 13-horsepower Herrcshoff compound steam
launch; 30 ft. long; 7 ft. beam; in perfect or-
der; cost $.3000: price $1500. UNITED EN-
GINEERING WORKS. 256 Spear 8t. «,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spe3r St.-
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for $300: I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant, ave. ;
A— $3 30 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Keamy St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 43? Montgomery St.
FOR- sale— Iron windmill, tank and frame and
pump; cheap. 1113 San Bruno ave., or 40S
Fourth st. . .
SECOND-HAND machinery of .all klnda
bought sold, rented and exchanged- H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for sas engines. LIVINGSTON.
553 Mission st.
fJS. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $33 50. 105
Montgomery st. ,
30 H:. P. steam engrlne. stationary:. 3 H. P.
gasoline engine, marine. 83 Fremont st.
GASOLINE enclne?. 2d-hand. and oth;r ma-
• chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 533 Mission.
NEW steel safe for sale. 2 ft. 8 Jn. by 2 ft. 4
In. Apply H. F. STOLZ. 510-512 Castro st.
FIRST-CLASS old three-quarter Stradfvarlua
violin. 121 Lily ave., near Gough and Market.
SIX 54-ln.xl6-ft. boiler shells, suitable for otl
tanks. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
Ga.*olir.e or distillate engines, new & 2d-han;l;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis at
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an<i
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2(1 hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boll— s: second-hand maoalnery.
J. BURKE. 139 Eeale st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THK
WALTZ SAFE, 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The> Weekly
Call; 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postaye* paid.
MISCE__AXEOCS WASTS.
WANTED— Second-hand hack rn good '.order.
Inquire Baldwin Annex Cafe. 92S Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing «M
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2322.
¦WANTED — 2d-hand uriright piano or organ tor
r P »H. TT.- y_ -WTrrrEVfrFVXTV ITPfi Market ft.
TO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopleTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity.' Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Marker st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~
, IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
,630 Market st. Loans. on estates In probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY . proposition, any amount: « per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest:
In estates, legacies r corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In prt>-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els«-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, 'private- place to obtrin
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at !••»•
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Mark;:
- »t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ALL persons having pledges with CNCLVJ
HARRIS, IS Grant ave.. are hereby notion!
to redeem 'them, as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next. . • .
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
'party; no removal; no commission: ennfiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. Ml Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room «*.
MOST r«l!abt« place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. ,W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
MONEY loaned salaried people without necur-
Ity. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif nl.v
LOANS money on saUry; no lndor»«sr; Kantern
plan, wwtcrn Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, plane*; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 118 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy sf.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. 9.
- F.' DISCOUNT AGENCY. 113 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rat*. 222 San some St.. i room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
$21 Parrott building. '
CASH. loaned to salaried peoole on note without
Irdorwer. MQRR~ LL. «W9 Examiner building.
MOXEY. WASTED.
MONEY WANTED— .¦ " ulMr '"'"''"
IfA 0 ? 01 J . 8tock ln »»*— trial company paying
dividends as security for $15,000; « per cent.
Uest Coast Investment Company, Phelan
building.SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
- ' , Morning Session. ;
Board— ' > . -
1C00 California Standard ¦ 14
60 Home Oil •' 3 30
600 Lion • £»¦
BO Peerless J 52 •
. 50 Peerless, b 90 : 3 oO
500 Petroleum Center • «5
340 Sterling J «*
240 Sterling, b 90 178
Afternoon Session.
Board— • ' .'„"
E00 California Standard 33
6500 Petroleum Center >... 05
6000 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
ICO San Joaquln O & D Co 9 CO
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..2 23| 3C0 Savage CS
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 20! 10* Ophir 92
20OChollar ".: 05 400 Ophir .;„.. 90
200 Con Cal & Va..2 30 ! 1300 Overman ..:.... H
100 Crown Point... 08 11C0 Potosi .....02
10CO Gould >&t Curry OS 2CO Savage .08
ISO Hale & Norc... 19 250 Sierra Nevada. 11
50 Mexican 14 9C0 Union Con ..;.; 13
5C0 Mexican ........ 15 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 14
100 Ophir 93 .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
•.¦:"•';• Morning Session.'
300 Challenge - Con. 13! ICO Ophir".' ....„ 91
200 Con Cal & Va..2 JO SCO Overman ... ' 1Z
500 Justice 03i 280 Sierra Nevada. 11
.' Afternoon Session. . .
1200 Belcher ........ 07 200 Con Cal & Va,.2 33
400 Best & -Belcher 19 10nJ Exchequer iaM
600 Best & Belcher 20 £00 Gould & Curry. '10
300 Caledonia 45 SCO Mexican 15
600 Challenge Con. 12 200 Savage O>
500 Chollar 05 200 Union Con 19
200 Con Cal & Va..2 30 3GO Yellow Jacket. •' 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
_*, ¦" - TUESDAY, May 2»— 4 p. m.
- Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha :....'..... — 03 Justice ....S3 C4
Alta ¦¦— 02 Kentuck — C3
Andes'.:... 01 05 Lady Wash .... 01 —
BelAer ::. 05 07 Mexican......... 15 18
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental ...;. 03 04
Bullion «1 03 Ophir 93 M
Caledonia ...... 45 48 Overman ....... 11 12
Challenge! Con.. 12- 13 Potosi 02 03
Chollar 04 05 [Savage 09 10
Confidence ..... 50 SO 1 Scorpion ...'.... — ,04
'Con Cal & Va.".2 30 2 aSLSeg Belcher..:. — - - 02
Con'Imperlal .. ¦— * 01 [Sierra Nevada. II -12-
Con New York. — ( 01 Silver Hill ...... 32 33
Crown Point-. 07; 08 St Louis .....'.. 06 — ,
Eureka Con ..'. 06 — Standard 3 SO .—
Exchequer ¦...".. — 02 Syndicate ...... 05 . — •
Gould &• Curry - 08 09 (Union Con 18 If
Hale & Norc.... 18 20|Utah ........... 04 M
Julia — 03'YeUow Jacket.. 13 14
Continued from Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Independent Gas and Power Company (own
ers) with M F. Gale (contractor).- architect
Clinton Day— Brick, granite, carpenter, gal
vanized iron and copper work, cementing and
painting, etc., for four one-story brick build
ings (power houses) on P. N. blocks 443 and
502 • J16 950 ¦
Same owners with Ralston Iron Works (con
tractors), architect same— Steel construction
for same en same; $10,975. .
, Same owners- with Gray Bros, (contractors),
architect same— Concrete work and flooring for
same on same; ?2101. - - ¦_ -
Same owners with Conklln & Roberts (con
tractors), architect same— Slating and copper
work for same on same; $2063.
John Flournoy (owner) with A. Howkins
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Tree*-
All work except painting, hot water heating
system and plumbing for a two-story base
ment and attic frame residence' on N line of
Broadway. 137:6 E of Fillmore, E 57:» by N
with Gulick & Wetherbee- (con
tractors), architect same— Sewering, plumbing,
gasfittlng. excavating and tiling for same on
same ; $2300. . • " ~-CL ' $¦ .
Same owner with J. G. Grannls & Co. (con
tractors), architect same— Hot-water heating
system for same on same;. $579.
Same owner with J. H. Keefe (contractor),
architect same— Painting, varnishing and stain-
Ing for same oa same: $1750.
John Shirley (owner) ! with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), architect C. A. Meuasdorffer— All
work escept mantels, gas fixtures and shades
an8 electrical work for alterations and addi
tions to two two-story and basement brick
buildings on SE corner of Kearny and Sacra
mento streets. S 82 by E 63:6; $4301.
Builders' Contracts.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H E Carse, L Ang
C Dunean & w. Kern
F W Hall, N Mexico
E E Bush. Bakersfield
F Foster, Hanford
J E Vlney. Hnaford
W.C Price. Pasadena
\V Worthing. Stockton
A ' Smith. L Ans -
J Hughes.- Bakersfleld
H Hauser, L> Ang
M D Parlin, L Ang
M F Carey. London
A Harris & w, Chgo
Martha Harris, Chgo
Mrs MeJkle, Chicago
A Alexander, L Ang
J Pennetto. Plxley
R McFadden. Hanford
H C Hoist. Maeon
J J Beach, Macon
F Brooks, Macon
T Hamlln & w, Texas
G A Croom & w, Ga.
Mrs C E Janott. La
J E Janott. La ¦
R'S Wells, Ga ;
Mrs Wells & c. Ga
Miss Wells. Ga ,
P L Hilsman, Ga
W S Butt & w. Ga
Miss A Hilsman, Ga
Misses Hoble, Ga
D E Glpson & w. Pa
A C Dean, Nev
F C Innes. Cal
W Stewart, Sulsun
Dr Hood & s. N'ev
Mrs Blossom & d
J H Cranson, Kolsorn
A Stevenson & w, .Cal
C Durrdl, S Mateo
Mrs Jacobl, Boston ,
J E Sheny. Portenrllle.
Capt Eradman, USA
H Powers & w, Cal
E L Webber. Napa
C F Wlnblgler. Pa
E Blood. Pa
S Moody & w. Boston
H B Sharp?, Stanford
C Whitmore. Stanford
C M TuscottJ. Cal
J P Davenport, L A
Mrs Merrlam. Cal
G Curtis, Salt Lake
J E Vlney. Hanford
J McDonnell, Menlo
M B Fassett. L Ang
H Sots & w. Helena
N S Stockton. Cal
M M Harris. L Ang
J Hogan & w. ValleJ*
C Wadham. Monterey
H J Ham, Cal
Mrs S Runyon. Cal
F Howell, Duncan
K Johnson & w, Lnda
Mrs McShine
A J ' Copp. Stanford
W W Copp Stanford
E F Plnkham, L Ane
PALACE. HOTEL.
G R Whlteomb. St PI
Dr T B Moore & w,
Butte
A L Sho»nsen, Balto
J J Hill USA
T T Williams. S Ratal
E J Bun. N Y
S H Shoeninger, Chgo
LA Nares, London
A J Hammond. Florida
W P Hayden & w.Colo
F E Gibbons, Los Ans
J S Pischon. Boston
Miss F Steinmetz, Chg
Mrs Every, Ind
Miss M Carr. Ky
T Tillman & w. Cal
Miss A Tillman, Cal .
Master F Tillman. Cal
Miss A Mangels. Cal |
J W F McKlnston &\
r w. Kentucky
H H Bryan & w. Ind '
W P Gould & w, Cal
W K Semple, Butte . |
W A Junker. Del Moat
J H Hammond, Cal
B Bermingham, Cal •
H Stern. Milwaukee-
J Stern. Milwaukee
H Zimmerman. Wla
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
T J Field & w. Cal
G B Wilkinson, N Y .
W A Denmder, Pitta
"W N Kice. Boston
W L Lloyd, NY
C A Hamllne. N T
J Jacobson, N T
T D Joeephl. N T
F A Boole. Sangrer
J B Cochran.' Texas
W J Law. Bakersfleld
J R Gusmer. N Y
J Underwood, Chgo
Raymond Excursionists
DrCE Atwood & w
N W Caldwell & w
Miss Lillian Clapp
Miss E H Clapp
Miss M A Clapp
Miss R Wilson
Mrs A Rockefeller
Mrs A Sklnmouth
"W Stanford
Mrs G H Bosley
H C Goodman
Mrs E C Holloway
D J M Peters
Mrs G S Page
Miss F S Page
Miss J S Spring
Miss A G Munson.
Miss M E Call
Miss A D Owen
Miss C Filgner ¦ —
Miss K Sazenby
Mlsa J E Pfeifer
Miss L. I Pfeifer .
Charles J Pfeifer
Mrs B B Willis
Miss C M Alexander
Mrs J M Hill
J A Knight & w
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MAY 29, 1901.
11
MINKS AND MINING.
«O.vrnZUMA COPPKIt-16 TO 36 PHIl CENT.
fOKTEZCWA COPPKJl-lC TO TA WAI CENT.
tosTCZVUA copran- 10 to so van cunt.
UOVTEZUMA t'OAL— MOO ACIIKS,
MOXTKZl'MA «'OA1*— 5*0 ACI112M,
MUXTKZU'MA COAL— 2000 . XCHlCti.
MONTKZUMA COKK-^Oty PCT. CAMION,
MONTBZUMA COKK~w»i PCT. CAUliON
HQXTtSZVUA vaKK-*Q% PCT. CAUUON.
In (tie crganlratlcn end management of the
lUmletuma Mining Company at Washlng-
t. n V,\« directors «r# demlnnteij \>y m »ln«1p-
ne<* cf purpow-to euee«ed~t» muka thelri
(me ef tl* bi», mtroon, j.i..ni.*tm!lt.t; mining
finrfrng of tltl* country ef tremrndouf pes«
*ib!l!tle«. Thus farjrhpy hove met with th«
eresfeet measure of huccpm possible Jn so
?hnrt a time. The tubfluing cf a WlldemcM,
v hicli Is «vhnt the Montetuma has under-
taken, Is tin mean task. The expenditure
• f bnth time and rncney is n?cFE&ry. Of thi
former, but a few months have been given
to the work, but with the kindly assistance
of Nature much has been accomplished; of
money, there has been sufficient for current
needs, thanks to the shareholders who In
the beginning took the Company on faith,
but who arc rewarded In the possession of
rtock at fmall cost
MORE HONEY NEEDED.
Put more time and more money will be
reeded to bring the copper mines to a eelf-
rcistalning basis. The nsoney is coming In
constantly Increasing amount, and while the
monthly payroll grows larger, not a cent
is being expended injudiciously. Every dollar
is applied under, wise and efficient manage-
ment. The "Taccma" tunnel has been driven
ir.o feet through the ore body, and work
will be hastened soon by the Introduction of
an air drill. The coal mines are being de-
veloped rapidly, forty men being 1 engaged
therein, and the water wheel and sawmill
v!ll have been installed before our excursion
rarty of shareholders and others reach the
mines. Beth coal and coke •will be pro-
duced in considerable quantities during the
cummer and fall.
NOT A RICH MAN'S MINE.
The title to the Montezuma Is not vested
In a few wealthy men. It was the good
fortune of a small body of poor men to get
tog-ether these properties; snd having secured
them, they, In a quiet way, did enough de-
velopment work to prove their -worth. This
being done, they were offered ample funds
for development— by capitalists who wanted
a controlling- Interest But the men who had
staked bo much of their own resources on.
the Montesuma mines preferred to carry out
the original plan of making the Company
Etrjctly co-operative, and have rigidly ad-
hered to that idea. Holders of the Etock will
Fhare and €hare alike, and the smallest has
a voice in the management Some of the
best mines in the world were so brought to
a self-sustaining basis, and are to-day- pay-
•tir- handsome dividends to the fortunate
h^er* of the stock. But while the Monte-
zuma ic not a "rich man's mine," it will
create rich men and give to others a com-
fortable income. . .
FAVORED BT FORTUNE.
If ever a mining company was situated
favorably to keep operating expenses at the
lowest possible limit when the time comes
for production, that is the Montezuma. It
will mine its own coal, make Its own coke,
and burn that coke In a smelter which it
ar.d another company will build. Numerous
big veins of coal In the 2000 acres comprls-
:r.g the lease make a coke 60.45 per cent
carbon, and a ready market awaits such
surplus as may be beyond the Company's
needs. This means no smelting charges, no
profit on coke, no profit on coal, but in-
stead the desirable commodities, ¦ coke and
blacksmi thing coal to eell.
SATISFIED INVESTORS.
A significant fact In connection with the
sale of Montezuma stock Is the complete sat-
isfaction it gives the people who buy it
Of the hundreds of small holders, not one
is dissatisfied, but on the contrary, every
one in firm in the belief that his money ia
well spent. The Monteiuma Company offers
no "get -rich-quick" inducements to prospec-
tive shareholders; It gives every man a
chance to buy to the extent of his ability or
desire in a legitimate, well-managed min-
ing company that has behind it some ex-
tremely rich properties, albeit they are for
the greater part In the rough.
OPPOSED TO DEBT.
While the Montezuma Company must and
will have money to continue the development
of their properties, they would cease work
rather than borrow on a mortgage, "No
debt?, no mortgages," is an established prin-
ciple with the Company. Better a tempo-
rary idle property than one plastered with
a mortgage. But work will go on, and more
vigorously this summer than before. They
who read and study the Montezuma pros-
pectus have full confidence In the Company,
and back that confidence with their money.
Their reward will surely come.
FIRST DIVIDENDS FROM COAL AND
COKE.
It is from the products ot the coal mines
that the first dividends will ! come. The
company has virtually promised to pay the
first dividend this autumn; and this it can
easily do by marketing a single train-load
of coal and its profitable product, coke. This
and more it can easily do; forty men are
now st work on the coal leases, driving tun-
nels, putting in machinery and preparing to
build* flumes.
The profit on this coal and coke cannot be
used to continue development on the cop-
r-er properties nor to build a smelter, as
the following resolution from the Prospectus
wi:i chow:
"Resolved. That it Is the fixed policy of
this Company to distribute as dividends to
stockholders all net profits earned by the
Company. We are opposed to the policy of
reinvesting such earnings without the con-
eent of the stockholders, believing that what-
ever benefits them conduces to the interests
of the Company." •
The fin-t Eurplus earnings must go to share-
holders, and additional etock be sold (at a
higher price) to bring the copper mines to
the profit-paying point. Pending the pay-
ment of this dividend, the stock will be ad-
vanced only a few cents each month, but
with the declaration of a dividend will be
placed at its true value.
A MINING EXCURSION.
Seeing is believing. We are organizing an
excursion to the mines to leave San Fran-
cisco in a special train of first-class Pull-
man cars July €. Some few shareholders
have already gone from California, and re-
turned delighted with what they saw. This
oxcurrlon i« planned that the Investor may
he satisfied and the skeptical convinced. The
low round-trip rate of J40, Including sleeper,
will enable almost any one to ga A free
round-trip ticket will be supplied with each
Durchase of 20W shares of stock for cash or
on easy installments. Aek for folder.
MONTEZUMA FACTS CONDENSED.
The Company is free of debt, and will not
Incur Indebtedness.
im Etock is non-assessable under the laws
of Washington. ¦-. :
Its management represents the highest bus-
lncKS character of The State.
The Company owns and controls 24 copper
mines, having permanent fissure veins. Ore
16 to S€ per cent copper.
Mines are worked through drainage tunnels,
thus dispensing with expensive hoisting and
ijumplng machinery.
Timber, coal, water and lime In unlimited
quantities on the properties.
Ores are elmple pyritlc, easily emeltered
and concentrated.
The Company has 2000 acre* of coal lands,
•mi which 12 veins of coking and blacksmlth-
injr coal have been opened. j
The Company will own its own smelter, in
which it wi'.l burn its own coke. I
The Montezuma proposition has etood every
test. Further Investigation invited.
PRICE OF THE STOCK.
Stock fpar \-aIue $1) for a short time, 12c
task or 14c on installments. Always advanc- j
ln«. • i
We welcome callers, to whom we will show j
the ore«. coal and coke. Ask for prospectus. I
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST I
CO.. Financial Agents,
S1U Safe Deposit building,
San Francisco. Cal.
MUM CAL l.VSTKU.MnXT.M.
A MODERN piano factory Is ot your ilxpoeul
to have your piano thoroughly uverhtulej
Ojy llrst-clasij workmen In every department;
>uu can have it repaired whll« vou are ntvay
for thu mi miner, tuned, tone retaliated, pol-
Uhed un.-l delivered to you on ynur return;
:•¦ u pay no more In l.n\'« It ivi.'ulrt-il In the
Xui'tory tlion )'uu would have In t-omo ainrtll
(shop, and Iibvi; tha advantage of ?Uilifd
men In every department! w« Invlta you to
Inspect thu factory, JiVnON MAU/.V. 30*.
Sio-si? J'ott *t., pole HRent, flolimer. tiyrsn
iii.ii/v, i;/iil>r. Hamilton A Hpielmi»nn
rilano*.
THU hem t!itn» w* run cay of otir erest PB«h
j.l.iti'i rala In (hat It ttPH been th# inoet eu("
ii-t-tftii gn« we Imve «jv*>r held, There his
•mly fiva more <1«yd In this month, Jherafore
f'.ti iihibi rvit delay If you want to set (lie
ipneflt of the very low prlpes w* are new
itflVrlng; Jurt UilnK of putting ft irtec rltflit
In taw: that 1 * wlis», we are (loins in UHn
M*le, w« will i»rrange in meet yen )n the
«*v*nln«f If you »r» nnt sl<l» tn rum* In th»
iBVllme, TUB KISNG MAUVA18 MUSIC
<XX, *89 M flfhPt Bt,
AM. HMlelitu lowest i Hees /snd eflslent t*rm«,
1 NnvrJln >C:1 2 <*iil<t<r,liH:s (like
1 Heine l.nl.y ttratid tiiw) ,,,.,,.*?»n
(llk« new) ..,,,, M2S l HBllet-Davl«....$4( l 3
1 Hultiwuy ......IlkSI 2 Helnes J31S up
And fifty fither*: rente $2 up allowed en put 1 *
tha«=f. We Imnrtlf nil make*. Atc-nto for fn-
IrtnU* ITiillnt-titivlit-Ilt'lnp, PtO. J atrrntB WBfit-
fdj live Fa|pf=man wnnted; M«r .^nlsry fight
man. 1IE1NK TIANO CO., 217 Ocary st.
ALL Ms.nng purchflfird of flHEUMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for n new Btelnway
upright or tiaby prnnd piano any time within
2 ypar* from dat«" of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright planoc. $0 per
month; Fome good plnnns fold for $3, $4 and
*3 r^r month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Pteinway <1palers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fta.. Kan Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth Ft., Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market -st. to our larg* and elegant quarters.
314 Post et.. opposite Union nquare. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEKFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.'
ABSOLTTTELY 'the oldest and lanrept houne
west of Chlcaeo is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2R and 30 O'Farrell' Ft.; pianos, ortrans and
all other musical instruments of all grades
. and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing poEEible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
pon. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
FtcrlinE. $75. J125. $145, etc. ; easy payments.
HEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chiekerinfr. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, klntr of self-players.
BARGAIN?— Clearance sale bargains; unriffht
Pianos. $75 and upward: Stein way. Knab».
Emerron. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRCEXX. 2CS Post st.
FINE standard uprlpht piano: also paintings;
sacrifice; leaving city. 736 O'Farrell st.
AX uprleht piano: must be sold; owner leav-
lng. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
CIXDSIXG out stock of T)Iano«(; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LVDWICi pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PFR month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. E60 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary Et.. room 38.
A SMALL Chlckerlng uprl«?ht. J125; 6 uprights.
second-handed, your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can pet storage 1 - pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN — Must be sold: nice tinrlKht piano.
SCHMITZ. It McAllister, next HIbernta Bank.
STTPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in —rapper for mailing, tl per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO HLET.
TO rent or lease — Second floor, 620 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKKLS building. 927 Market St.—
Sunny offices. $15 to $20: usual services.
ELEGANT. Usht. sunny offices, partly fur-
riiphwi: flne location. 143 Powell st
OIL.
$18,000 TO fiu-est In oil shares for young East-
ern capitalist; he asks location, title, prices,
director}', etc.; send stamped envelope for
his queries; confidential; will deal only with
officers of companies. Lock box " 2068, San
Francisco postoffice .
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating; on 2120 acres of nil land In nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
Flzes: choap. H. S. WHTTK. KIR Mission Bt.
-. ¦ OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
$8 up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: gwod reli-
able work. Clark's. 80S Larkin; tel. Larkin 1060.
PALMISTRY.
MADAME GERMAINK ~ ~-~—-~
For ten days only this famous business
PALMIST
¦will remain In her present quarters prior to
a. much needed vacation.
Remember she guides you for a year
ahead. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOFSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and post; tel. Black 661.
MRS.Lamb.Ecientific palmist and character read-
lng; lessons in class and private. 617 Jones st.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 1140
Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st
MME GERMAINE. the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast 906 Market st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
A LADY wanted as partner in chicken and
dairy business. Box 3280. Call office.
PERSONALS.
BEST on eartb — Blood poison, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located C28 Montgomery St., room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. 8. MOORE. 488 Geary st. and you
will not be disappointed; thin remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed ; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
A~W0MAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist In charge. Call
N.Y. Inst Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 8. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5: valuable information for liquor,
morphine. ' opium, all drue habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk st. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and bagsage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from i genuine
Scotch. $15 up; flne dress suits. $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats. $16 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng* hair work, man-
Icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work' reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 857 Jessie st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
Bold. J. BUverman. S84 Folsom: tel.Folsom 1191.
LADIES' tailor milts made to order: reasonable.
! S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell St.
SPANISH leseons given by a native Spanish
teacher. <",13 McAllister st ¦
TAILOR made suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. J)unton: diseases of men only; sanitarium
<S9 Clay st. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING etvled Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious atones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
wn rnre: "r.c: nil dnigpjpts, ' '. -
PHYSIOGNOMIST.
MARY O..STANTON, scientific physiognomist;
reads ; character by the face or photoeraph;
hours 1 to 6. 7 to 9 daily; free lecture Sun-
day 8 p. m. ; Thursdays 3. - £10 Leavenworth.
rilYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DnTc. C, 6"'DONNlSl.£r^brncr"fmd residence,
1021 Market «U. between tilxth and Heynth.
UK, WONO HIM, herb doctor, «uccK«»fully
trrsl* sll dlira*** of the human body; »*•
wnlmnnlnln at offlco, 115-117 Mason, nr, flllls.
'_' y\}M*'_^
NJJAULY juyu permanent ture» Tiers In your
inliltt; ni.-iiiy who huva MUlYered 29 to !W
}>*rr; over fifty name* of prominent buil>
nr» men fnt ¦¦ reference; net chlproform,
»urB"ry or rtelsy from bi4a|n»««, ana ho
frfilvcn for w»\». rnrllrulAM, •rtdr«>« 1 » i'hysl>
cltn, bo< 1 g,'.O. Cnll nfflpp. fl, V.. Cal,
KKAL J!i#V r WK~uFv V— i^U It t> ALW^
HA8TOK. ELDIUDOB Us CO,,'
021 Market Strett.
mm T1N8 T0»«AV=KLl?aANT COHNBU
PLA'J'8 AT A HAHi^iU)4=-UlilV HMO ta")v
needed. Thltt Is the uroper'y eflBrfd
In thfl city today. Three lurge ulagnnt corner
liHts, 28 fept frontage} feun In evpry roottii In-
terior finished without regard to cost; law
fiate glass doors; porcplnln tubs; nlekel plnlcd
plumbintt; natural wood mantels; Itiiirsln psptr
and ilncustra work throughout; rents ??'); price
$»000,
LOCATION
SOUTHEAST COttNEH 8ANCHKZ AND
CLIPPKll 8THEETS. Mission and Twenty-
second and Cnatro street cars. Owner on
premises to-day. ;
EDDT-BTREET FLATS— a handsome well
built modern flats, 7 and S roomu and bath;
always rented; very desirable neighborhood;
large lot; 25:11x120 feet; rents JU52; price
$10,500.
OX TOUR OWN TERMS; AT TOUR OWN
PRICE— Elegant modern cottage; llnlshed to-
day; 6 rooms and bath; oorcelaln bath;, birds-
eye maple tiled mantel; dome ceilings; ele-
gant modern up-to-date; light and aunny; high
basement; laree lot; price $2750.
LOCATION
No. 1217 Sanchez st.. near 25th OWNER ON
PREMISES TO-DAY.
HAIGHT-STREET FLATS-Must be sold to
close an estate; north side of street; magnifi-
cent view front and rear; never Idle: close to
Market street; 3 large flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms
and bath each: modern in every detail; 30x
137:6 feet; bank mortgage $6000; rents Jll£Q;
price $10,000. \
FORECLOSURE - Elegant Pacific Heights
marine view residence; will be sold for mort-
gage and Interest; right of redemption almost
expired; residence, 9 rooms and bath; larre lot
80x117; 3 frontages; the greatest bargain ou
Pacific Heights to-day.
O'FARRELL-STREET CORNER FLATS—
41:3 frontage, on northwest corner; 5 new, ele-
gant flats with every modern convenience; will
pay 10 per cent; price $2fi,000..
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT—
67:6 frontage; walking distance .; Market and
Kearny sts. ; 3 flne large well-built houses of
9 rooms and bath; always rented; price $15,000.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT — Near Ellis
and Leaven worth sts. ; 8 flats in Al condition;
always rented for $1572; S3 feet frontage; price
$16,000.
SNAP— NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDI-
TION FLATS, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; round
bay windows; light and sunny; care pass; vi-
cinity Pacific Heights; rents $960; price $3500.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER-On
Jackson St.; will sell for Value of land; superb,
unobstructed view of entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
2 modern flats of 6 rooms and bath; bank mort-
gage $2800.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
Ness ave.; lot 26x137:6; aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath; conservatory, etc.;
price $12,000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,,
63S Market street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street.
— $16.000 RENTS $1SOO —
Pays 1 per cent per month; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; 2 stores and hotel of 56
rooms; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery st.
$35,000 BUSINESS PROPERTT
Misslon-st. business property; downtown;
pays $2400 net per annum; 5 per cent; 4-story
and basement brick building; elevator.
$8200 RENTS $762^
Business property on Eighth st. ; short dis-
tance from Market; store; basement and flats;
lot 25x137:6.
—^—$2500 -RENTS $35 — —
Big interest on the investment; owner must
sacrifice at once; 2 houses on Harrison and
Alabama sts., near Nineteenth; investigate
this.
-$7500 RENTS $70 PER MONTH
Two new flats on Shrader St., near Halght; 1
block' from the Park; contains 7 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x134:6.
. $8150 RENTS $900 — ' — '
Two new modern Pacific Heights flats, on
Devisadero St., near Washington; lot 25x110.
Building lots
..Front the Park
....H st. and Nineteenth ave. Boulevard
Prices moderate '. '.
Terms $10 per month
.Interest 6 per cent on deferred payments
Lots Level.
Streets Macadamized.
Plank Sidewalks.
Official Grade.
Gas, Water and Mall Service.
On Car Line. ¦ ¦ "
Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H st. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gato
Park; open every dsy, Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, but Interest yourself In a home
lot at once. Small first payments, balance $10
per' month. Interest 6 per cent on deferred
payments. - • . .
BALWIN & HOWELLi
10 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG, .. .
114 Montgomery Street.
$20,000— Fine business corner on Sutter st.; sub-
stantial Improvements; rents $150; could
be Increased to $190; lot 85x90; to be Bold
to close an estate. ¦ .. .
$10,5CH>^-Two expensively built flats on Page St..
a few blocks from, Market; 7 rooms and
bath each; cost over $10,000 to build.
$10,000— Three fine flats on Fell st, facing park;
always rented; pays good return on the
.Investment. • . • •¦
$7,250— Rents $67 50; handsome new flats; best
part of Park Panhandle district; marble
. steps, etc.; big lot.
$6.E0O— Three bay-window ¦ flats on Larkin st ;
rent $62 50; a splendid buy; very cheap:
$4,600— Three flats on Broadway, near Hyde st. ;
rents $43; a splendid buy.
$4.250— Rent : $42 50; 2 bay-window flats close
to Park Panhandle; nothing- better for
the money.
$3,250— Store and flat on prominent street in
the Mission; rent $22 50; a snap. .
$2,800— To close estate; 2 flats on Union st.,
near Larkin; rent $23.
$2,350— Three flats on Vallejo st.; rent $25; an-
.other. -bargain. •. . ...
$1,300— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; Wis-
consin st.. 2 blocks from terminus of
¦ 24th-st. cars; $200 cash, $14 monthly. ¦¦'
$1,300— Store and flat; Point Lobos ave., -near
Masonic; lot 26. feet front; very cheap.
', . LTON & HOAQ,
¦ 114 Montgomery st. j
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE. ~ "
Lot south side of Post st; sixty-six (66) feet
front; situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
. ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor. Mills building-. . "-
$2500— MODERN house 9 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs; sun all day; good location; street
work done. 305 Bennlngton St., ¦ Holly Park.
IF you have )ots to eell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California st.
. , SAUSALITO REAL ', ; ESTATE.
FOR sale or for rent— $3850; Just completed; '8-
room residence In the choicest part : for view
and sunshine; every I convenience;' | strictly
modern and built by day. work; $400 cash- $30
the first month; payments increasing each
month if desired; lot 66x120 feot. DR. CRUMP-
TON, Sausaltto. or ALBERT >WILFORD, 3003
Jackson St.. S. F.. from 12 to 5. > ¦
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— A lot; $3000 to $3000; north of, Mar-
ket st. Box 3265, • Call office. "
IU9AL ESTATE—COUNTRY — For Hal*
O, H, UMHSEN & CO., li Montgomery «t.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Butter Co..' short dUtancn from Maryoville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak tree*; good buildings; well
watered and wll fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all klmU of fruits; thla will be void
In. whole or in part at ,i very low price.
Also- 140 nor«», all under cultivation; rich
valley land; b'jo.i buildings; wll fenced; ahort
fiiMMiirif from Yuba. >j\iy, Butter Co,: will b«
»niii in whole or In part to »ult purchaser and
at nn eKtrpwIy low price, -
The two uIi'jvh ple?aa should be *e*n to >>«
eppraplated, And If I'rintpmplatlng purphfUftni
will call or write for Information a luirijuln
will be given, - R, D, IIHOWNB.
Manager Qnuutry l)aimrtm«nt,
UP'ACRH iii'iimtsln ranch, «n rtnlly sttiij 1 * line;
ImtirovemmHs eowt 1'iw, and nouue alone
HIiXk)! liesrliiK oiehflrd snd Hftiden; fitted «p
Kpui'-flitllv fnc t>'imiit«'C Woanierfi; Kama himI
UbIi i.iKiiiiriilj musl !->- wihii ki.Iiik «t tomfi.
Hex 23, Cloveyrtnl?. Cal,
$2WO=1W AGllKH ef tnnrt, well Improved; 10
flereu of vlHeyunl find i aere ef an ©fehsnl;
i-o Here* ot nr/iln land and r»gt ki«.i1 jmmtit'Pi
pimitioi) i.riwFiii <'(ni)i"> Hpcti and Valley
tlbrlnn, CalaverflH County, Address O.
MAgiltlB, Caltipo Hcieo- V. 6.
UtJV In Nttpft County; no droughts, «o Irrljri-
tlort, no fallurn of cropK! -write us for free
copy "Napa County VltlcuituHst," Th# W.
A, MACKlNDEtl CO., 8t. Helena, Cal.
HANCMES <- Fruit fonche*, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches ttnfi general raneiK-s for sal«
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 769 Market.
MARION G1UFFIN, Real Estate Agent, 719
Market Bt., by Call bldg,— Free circulars de-
scrlblng farms for salo all over this State.
fOULTRYand dairy ranches f<TP Hale; write for
free list. C. R. W1NFIEL.D, Petaluma, Cal.
4. WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pa?re!«. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
$3,200— Modern 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot
"33x170; near Bay and Morton st. stations;
terms to suit. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
' Bay station, Alameda.,
FOR SALE— $1500; new modern cottage, 5
rooms, bath and basement; lot 33x100; $200
cash, balance $20 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park st. ,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN~BERKELEY.
$1,100— House; lot 50x120.
$1,550— 6-room house, t
$1,750— 5-room house.-
$2,000— 6-room house.
$3,250— 6-room house.
$4,000— 8-room houEe.
$5,000— 9-room house.
$5,500— 9-room house.
$8,500— 11-room house.
¦ $8,000— 14-room house. . .
$12.000— Store building.
Lots for eale and houses for rent.
Will build you a house and furnish the plans
and specifications free.
Call and see us.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center st.,
. Berkeley, . Cal.
fruTtyale advertisements
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP — Modern 6-room cottage; large lot;
connected with sewer; east front; near sta-
tion and school; $20 month; interest 7 per, cent.
P. H. BLAKE. E. 14th St.. Frultvale P. O.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
IN Mill Vailey— A nlexj home for sals, cheap,
on account of departure. 525 Turk st., S. F.
OAlliilMERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FINE home at a bargain— On account of the
owner leaving for th* East, June 1, we are
ordered to sell a fine 2-etory house of 9 rooms,
with large lot; heater In the hous«; only 2
blocks frum Market and . Fourteenth sts. ; for
$4250; this place has been held at $6000; if you
want a good home see this; easy terms can
be arranged. JAS. S. NAISMITH. . 452 Ninth.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
$1500 . and $2000 ; two . cozy cottages, 4 and 5
rooms double frontRge; owner going away.
. - GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
.-•¦ ¦ ¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURJVITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th^
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.,
ROOMS T FOR~HOUSEKEEPINO.
EDDY. 939— Floor, of 4. furnished rooms -or 2;
private residence; no children. .
ELLIS, 412A — 3 sunny suites; furn. complete for
¦housekpg. ; gas range; running wateri ?18 up.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large furnished room for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
GEARY, 813%— 2 or S housekeeping- rooms;
bath; gas range. ,
GROVE, 425% — 3 larga, nicely furnished rooms;
stove; sunny yard and garden; $10.
LANGTON, 256 1 ,j — Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front 'furnished,
$10; also large back, $8; housekeeping priv-
ilege .if desired. . ¦
MCALLISTER, E38— Nicely ¦ furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; every con-
¦ venlence.
OAK, 119— Large sunny front r6om,' furnished
for housekeeping; stove, closet, clean; $10.
OCTAVIA, near Geary— Three- furnished
housekeeping rooms; clean and sunny; no
children.
POLK, • 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference;
POST, " 617^, . near Taylor— Two pleasant sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; rent $10.
SILVER. 165, near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping, cheap. ,-¦''-.
SIXTH, 123H— Large, sunny room, 2 closets;
light housekeeping; gas; others; quiet house.
SIXTH, 641— Sunny front and back parlor, for
housekeeping; $10.^^-.^^ ..
SOUTH PARK; ' 84— Two sunny_ front rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 613—2 sunny, furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10; 1 large unfurnished.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores — 1 sunny
bay-window rooms ; nice, neat, complete.
VALENCIA,' 1232— 2 furnished rooms; house-
keeplng; near depot; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1096
Valencia St. * : ' '
ROOMS TO LET— Purn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms,' 50c up; meals 25c; free coach. ¦*.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms,
B5c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rma.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 106— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
single room. ,' ¦ \ '
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 2* Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH; 107— Pleasant, large unfurnished room
¦ to let/ -'•'¦* ¦-'-"'"'•¦ ; ' ' •'¦"-'•" - '
$1 . WEEK, also one $1 10— Large sunny furn.
rooms; closets; bath; private. 834 Folsom st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Nice light single
hallroom for gentleman, $6; bath; private;
German. \ ».- ... - ' . , ,
GALT House, 1206, Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk st.,
. near Market. New building. Elegantly fur-
' nished. Just opened.-^ Strictly, first-class and
up to date in all , appointments. Inspection in-
vited. Must be seen to be appreciated. Rates
75c per day and upward. Special rates by the
' week or month, n-. References. . . ¦ . . ; . • . :
HOTEL FRANCISCO^Elegant suites;. single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
MARKET, 1015 (New -Arlington)— Nicely fur-
. nished rooms $2 a week up; S5c a day up. -
MARKET, 1055, above shoe store— Sunny double
and, single rooms; month, week,:day. , "
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
. furnished; private; bath;. single roorus $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
3 bay-window . room, $1 per j week ; .transient. ;, |
1IETROPOLE 6 Turk; cor. Market— Elegantly
- furnished sunny rooms; 60c to $3 per day. ¦¦.¦_
O'FARRELL. 1 20— Sunny i furnished 'rooms and
' offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ma,
ROOMS TO LET — Fnni. and Unfnrn.
4 LARaB~unfurn"ishert rooms. Apply 21 Pearl
it,, bet. Valencia and Guerrero. I
nOBEDAI.K Houi», 219-321 Ellin it.-Roomi,
night, tie to tl; week, |1 25 to 14; open night.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellls-Incandencent llzht:
reading-room, tmoklnK-room and ladles par.
lor; room*, per nltrht, S5o to fl 50; w»elc, it to
' III month, |> to 120; eluvatnr on KrounJ floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; bathi,
FmKHMAN" Apart nWt JIoum, 2» JSIshth it,,
pear Mnrket— Kurnlihed or unfurnished,
TAYLOn, JOS— Light ftlry rogm», *5 per month;
¦ EOe ft night up,
THJ3 Croekaft PIB Leftvenwnrth-Flns nunnf
rooms, einglfl and en eulta; beautiful ground*.
TWrtIC, ?6« (Ths LHh«*)— Ntw hotig*; newly fur-
nlehed; tionrA optleiml, Phone Pmith 422,
VAN NEKS ftvp", 1429, neiithweBt eoriw I»ln«—
Newly funilphert front toy- window reamm
also unfurnished parter; gas, bath, running
water anil t<tione.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subseflBtionn
ffeolvEd at Call brnneh efflee, fliM FlUmer*.
WOO- 1 "* 1 *-^..--*-.-
AN exqapUdflfli tabifl! piquant reems; food
tiervlei»;_pofrul8r ratEH. jM_g_ajjfeftila ! _jiti_ r _
ALftlcmA~Mot#l7 ~Twentieth~iifi«t Mission— Kit*
_gantly furnls_hed_sujtes or single, with boara.
HNK and Mason (Hotel OlIverHElegant sunny
rultes or single rooms; private baths; excsl*
lent table and service.
VALENCtA-BT. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., Mission
warm belt— Good board; flne rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door.
HOTEL. Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly turn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, l?20 : "arket— Suites. 2 or,
S rooms, bath, connecting: board optional.
PINE, 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN would like a pood home in the
f Mission for 2 boys; please state particulars.
Box 3263, Call office. ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND ; machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 16.
ALL, kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
- paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
• SPECIAL NOTICES. /
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
- CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-19: tel. 55S0.
¦ STABLES TO LET.
TURK. 613—3 stalls, large shed, $7.50; will rent
separate. ¦ .
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIEBCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
. tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 • Mls-
slon St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS. •
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS iN^TPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines forVess money than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California: telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal., May 29, 1901. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Wednesday,
June 12, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened. . for furnishing S. B. Kersey, Black
Lastltng and Buckskin Gauntlets. All to con-
form to standards and specifications; quanti-
ties to be subject 50 per cent increase if de-
cided upon by this Department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the San Francisco, .Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia Depots. Deliveries to com-
mence July 1st next, or as soon as practicable
thereafter. Bidders must state In their pro-
posals the rate and time or delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
Bids upon samples differing from specifica-
tions and samples upon which bids are Invited,
will* under no circumstances be entertained,
nor will unguaranteed bid3 be- considered.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact' nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples and specifica-
tions, so that proposals may be submitted by
¦ them with a full knowledg-e of what will be
required. Preference will 'be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price, and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
' Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals No. 6212" and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
BIDS 'WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home -of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st..
Ban ¦ Fraricisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, • June ¦ 8. 1901, and opened im-
mediately • thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnlshinc. and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Xapa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion yountvllle), for sis months commencing
July 1." IftOl, and ending December 31, 1901.
Schedules with information and instructions
for. submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the ¦ undersigned. - Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and ' responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable*, to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that .the bidder
. will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right ¦ to reject any or all
. bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans'. Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
, Cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. . • J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. .
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
glneer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1981— Sealed proposals . for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,600 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile. bulk-
head 4*00 feet long. Dredging. In mud. sand
and shells to a depth , of thirty feet. Dredged
material to', be used? for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
: One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will.be 10' per.; cent
of tlie amount bid. •¦ The right Is reserved to
' reject any -or all bids.'. For specifications and
i blank forms apply to. this office. Bureau . of
Insular Affairs, .Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York; Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE.
Captain, . Engineers. ¦ . * ; ¦-. ¦ "" ¦ ¦ ¦¦
TREASURY Department, of flee of; the Super-
. vising Architect, Washington, D..C.. 'April
" 22, 1901.— Scaled- proposals -will be received at
this office until- 2. o'clock: p. . m. on ;the 4th
. day ¦ of June, 1901, and ¦ then opened, r for - the
surgeon's residence at the United States Ma-
¦ rina Hospital. . San- Francisco, • Cal.. In ac-
• cordance ¦ with drawing hnd specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising. Architect by applying to
this of flee or to the Custodian of the Station
at San Francisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR, . Supervising Architect. C ' s '..-. ¦¦¦'- . ¦• •¦
PROPOSALS "for Coal— Office of /General Su-
perintendent Army * Transport - Service. San
Francisco . Cal.. April 30, 1901. Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
.erlng on board army transports at San Fran-
cisco, California, forty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal. - or such , portion thereof., as
. may -be required. -i will be reoetvediattthls'of-
: flee, until 12 m., 1 May 31, 1901, and then opened.
Information furnished on application. En-
. velopes containing • proposals should be - ln-
dorsed "Proposals for Coal." and addressed to
OSCAR F. LONG.* General Superintendent. •' '
: MAREIAGE LICENSES. r
The-: following marriage licenses ] were issued
yesterday: - ... , -.,..¦.
Samuel F. Brady, 25, 905 Bryant street, and
Agnes Tierney, 25, 911 Bryant : street. ¦ . ¦.
James - E. McKay, 22, 1625 Ellis ' street, and
Ardcll , Murphy, > 22. 'j 110 Eleventh "street. '-
• H*nry *"*FIemer, ¦'45,'>, Harrison and -Beale
streets, and Metta Grefken, 26. city,; ¦ ?
• John H.VM. ; : Benkert, : 2S, . 59 Sliver avenue,
and May Fitzgerald, > 27, 59 Silver avenue.
¦ William 'T.- Barry, -42, . Salinas, .and Ju(la V.
Moree,- 28, 'Chicago, III.- 1 ¦-'•••:• - . "~: ¦'.'¦.
Ernst D."< I'aulsen, 31, 2048 Mission u street,
and Maria D. Schmidt/ 19, 2048 Mission street.,
William F.V. Eldracher, - 32, - 111' Oak 1 - street/
and KatherlneiA.- Durning.* 27, Oakland. *i*isaer
¦ Jchn Dean, 22, ¦ 15 Eddy street, > and Christine
M." Hansen." 20., 2214 Vallejo street. :¦;" : r OH
' • Henry :.Tokujiro " MotoyoshI, : 30, ; 105 - Prospect
place, and Shina Sakata,'- 26, 1329 Pine street.'
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, > murrlaxe and death notices sent by
mnjl will not !)« Inserted. They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indonud with tha namo and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published,
BORN.
OUNTJIBn-In this city, Mny 18, 1W1, to the
wife of CJeorg* Ounther, <v daughUr, ¦
nAM»KT-In Vftlleio, Cftl,, May J7, 1901, to
the wife of John Jlamsey, a eon,
~~i MABBlla
PAnKRlWPIKK=-In «f»n Hftfwl, M»v 20, 1901.
l-y i'"> Itav. I), James, John O. Parker a,ml
M«<l» U. I'lko.
BCIH{OPI5R=DU»ni3NnBRaErV-In this rlty,
Mny it, Ml, by th» H«v, 3, M, l)u«hler,
Wlllla.ni Behrodar »nd yrenetg DurrftnUgrgsr.
DIED.
Aldrleh, Edmund K, K^lly, Martin
Uftdtrer, eath#rln# L'hel?, Henry «.
Jierka, f, iittfmr Lleyd. Mr. Geer B » B.
• llrookH, William P. Lutttoken, Mamie K.
Hurt, Them** **. McCab«, James P.
Cllne, Annie McCarthy, Dttnl* 1 !
Dwlffht, Charles Lv McMlchael, »anlel J.
Klmer, Hitman* Mahucken, Mri. If,
l-'ulton, Kmelttm A. Mpa^prsmlth, Alice M.
Ooss, Mary IS. . Morrill. Melvln K.
Jlart, tyr. A. C. Oleen, Bradford 8.
Hnrtnett, Matirlc* Trornmlita, Paul
ttarrlflgton, Ann- Wlleon, J. N. E.
Hochstadter, Maggld Ward, Patrick J.
Holland, Uertrum J. Wood. Mary
ALDRICH-In this city, May Z8, 1901, Edmund
Krlght.Aldrich, beloved huoband of Virginia
Aldrlch, and father of Claud B., Mabel and
John D. Aldrlch and Mr». A. F. Oabrielson.
a native of New Hampshire. ag*d 68 years
and 11 months.
BADGER— In thla city, May J7, 1901, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of James Badger, a native
of County Oalway, Ireland, aged 50 years.
ICTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral thlB day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1221 Laguna street, thence to St.
'Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing- at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BERKA— In Berkeley, May 27, 1901, F. Homer,
son of John and Theresa Berka, and brother
of Bertha, Viola and Elmer Berka. a native
of California, aged 23 years and 5. days.
|E?"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
•residence,. 1810 Prince street. Lorln. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ¦ .
BROOKS— In this city. May 25. 1901, WUllans
Parker, beloved husband of Rosina Brooks,
and father of Mrs. W. F. Cordray, Freder-
ick Brooks and Mrs. • Felecia Cornwell . and
Mrs. F. Craumer, a native of Maine.
IC7" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic'
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the ausz>lces of Mount Moriah Xodge
No. 44; F. j and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BURT— In this city, May 27, 1901, Thomas F.
Burt, a native of Maryland, aged 34 years 4
months and 18 days. " A member of Mary-
dell Council No. 121, Jr. O.U. A. M:, Mary-
dell, Md. (Maryland papers please copy.)
%? Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between • Q'Farrell and Geary. Fu-
neral and interment strictly private.
CLINE— In this city, May 27, 1901, Annie Cllne,
beloved wife of Gustave Cllne, mother of
Sallle and Babette Cline.' and sister of Abe
Spitzer, Mrs. Carrie Friedman of Birming-
ham, Ala, Mrs. Fannie Simpson of Demo-
polls, Ala., Mrs. Tillle Joseph of Montgom-
ery, Ala., and Mrs. Sallle Friedman of San
Antonio, Texas, a native of Dayton, Ohio,
aired 44 years 8 months and 7 days. (Port-
land, 'Or.; papers please copy.)
IC? Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
- (Wednesday),' at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence. 773 Eddy street. ¦ Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hun-
garian Mutual Aid Society: you are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of Mrs. Annie
Cline, wife of our member, Gus Cline, . this
morning, at 10 o'clock, from 773 Eddy street.
WILLIAM ROSENBERG, Secretary.
DWIGHT— In this city. May 26. 1901, Charles
Lloyd Dwight, youngest and beloved son of
PJlla B. and the late George G. Dwight, and
brother of George and Thomas Dwight, Mrs.
F. A. Mecredy and Mrs. T. W. Terry, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years 7
months and 15 days. ;
E?"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 443 Valencia street. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ELJlEIc— In this city. May 28, 1901. Ramona.
beloved infant daughter of Walter and Kate
Elmer, a native of • San Francisco, aged 2
years 4 months and 8 days.
FUIiTON— In Berkeley, May 28, 1901," Emellne
.A., mother, of Wallace H., Frances - C. and
Jessie M. Fulton, a native of ? Connecticut,
aged 65 years 6 months and 3 days.
• IC? Friends and acauaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2240 Mary street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
GOSS— In this city. May 28, 1901. ' Mary E.,
widow of the late Jacob Goss. and mother
of Miss S. F. Goss, a native of Lancaster,
Ohio, aged 78 years 4 months and 17 days.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter. • Residence
3347 Twenty-first street.
HARRINGTON— In this city. May 2SJ 1901, Ann
Harrington, beloved mother of Mrs. H.
Smith, wife of the late John Harrington, and
mother of the late John. Frank, Julia, Jo-
seph and James E. Harrington, a native of
Count^ SHeo, Ireland.
• C7 1 Remains at the parlors' of James Mc-
Ginn & Co., 214 Eddy street, between Taylor
and Jcnes. ; Notice of funeral hereafter.
HAIIT— In this city, May 28. 1901. Dr. A. C.
Hart, beloved husband of Nella R. Hart, son
of Mrs. S. B. Hart, and brother of C. E. and
' F. R. Hart, a native of Maine, aged 32 years.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HARTNETT— In Visalia, May 28. 1901, Maurice
Hartnett, brother of William Nash and Mrs.
M. Tnomey, a native of Bally bunion. County
Kerry, Ireland. \ * .
HOCHSTADT£;R— Entered Into rest, in this
• city. May 2S, 1901, Maggie, beloved wife of
Simon Hochstadter, and .beloved sister, of
Mrs. Simon Tlorshelm of -Chicago, Mrs. A.
Scnnenberg and Tillle, Herman and Jacob
Friesleben. ';. .
HOLLAND— In this city, May 28. 1901. Ber-
tram John, beloved son of John H. and Mary
- Holland, . a .native of San Francisco, • acred 8
months and 4 days. . .
KELLY — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend. a solemn requiem
mass for the repose of the soul of the late
Martin Kelly at St. Mary's Cathedral, to-
morrow (Thursday), at 8 o'clock. .
L'HOTE— In this city, May 27," 1901, Henry C,
father of ' Roy L'hote, a native of Illinois,
aged 54 years. (New York papers please
copy.)
IprRemains at the parlors of the Goldan
, Gate Undertaking Comr>any, , 2425 Mission
. street, near . Twenty-first. . . . .
UX)TR- In this city. May 28, . 1901. Dr. George
E. Llcyd, dearly beloved husband of Annie
E. Llcyd. father of Grace, Edith, George E.
Jr. and Irene Lloyd, son of Mrs. Ellen G.
Lloyd, and brother of Frank H. Lloyd, a
native of San Francisco, aged 42 years and 20
days.
LUTTICKEX— In i this city, May 27. 1901.
Mamie E.. dearly beloved wife of Louis J.
Luttlcken, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs.
S and the late P. F. Tully, and beloved sls-
• ter of Marxaret, ' Charlotte. James and
Charles Tully and Mrs.E; F. Ring, a native
of San Francisco. .
%y Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, . 543A Castro street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to the Church
of the Most Holy Redeemer, Eighteenth and
Hartford streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment _Holy
Cross Cemetery. -
McCABE— In' this city, May 28. 1901, at his
residence, 562 O'Farrell street, James F. Mc-
Cabe, brother of Mrs.'.Mary McCue and the
late Annie Wade, a native of New Yovk.
ICNotlce' of funeral hereafter. :
MCCARTHY— In this city, May 28, 1901. Daniel,
dearly beloved husband of the late Margaret
- McCarthy, and dearly, beloved father of John,
Eugene, Daniel, Katie. Annie and I Ellle Mc-
' Carthy, Mrs. Mamie Larson and Mrs. Mag-
- gle ~ Fields, a native - of . County Cork. Ire-
" land.' '
;"' IE7* Notice of funeral hereafter. .
McMICHAEL— In this city. May 28,-1901. Dan-'
iel J. McMlchael, beloved ) son. of the late
Charles and Ellen McMlchael. and brother of
' Robert, James and . Edward McMlchael, j a
t, native of San Francisco, aged 35 years. .
JCTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Darlors
¦ of . the California Undertaking Comoany, 403
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Rose's
Church . for services, commencing at 10:30
* o'clock. . --¦.¦-
MAHUCKEN— In San Rafael, May 23. 1901.
Mrs. Helena Hahucken, beloved mother of
Mrs. Thomas H. Nichols, a native of Ger-
many, •¦; aged 75 years and 3 months.
MESSERSMITH— In thla city. May 28. 1991.
Alice M... beloved, wife of Clarence W. Mes-
* eersmith, and daughter of S. J. and Sarah
-HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO V
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ . ¦ Telephone ¦ South 80. ~* "- "- .'•"
I. JV\cfW/O*Y <fc CO..-. •.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. i
. ;*:¦:. -Telephone South 247. -¦ -. |
Eugene McGinn: . McGINN BROS.
- ' Funeral ; Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET. • .1
Telephone South 252. t ¦¦ San . Francisco.'
•No Connection With' Any. Other House. -'
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the ftmeral to-morrow (Thursday).' at >
o'clock, from her late residence, northwest
corner Masonic avenue and Geary street.
• A. Sherman, a native of Santa Clara County.
Cal., aged 27 years 8 months and 24 days.
(San Jose and Petaluma papers pleant copy.)
ETThe funeral will Uk« place to-morrow
(ThurKlny), at 1 o'clock, at 1'euUuma.
MOimiM.-In thla city. May 27, 1901, Melvln
Eugene, beloved son of Amor D, and win-
nlfrtd Morrlll, a native of Iowa, aged 1 yif
3 months and I days. (Mason City, Iowa,
and Nelllsvllla, Wls., papera plean* copy.)
(E7Friendii and acauatntancen are r-»V"ct-
fully Invluri to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clorlc, from tn« r»sl»
d*nee of hU mint, Mrs. P, D. Tolford. 1114
llyild itreet, between Washington and Jack*
son. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
earrUc*,
OLIIBN-Jn Bffmlpary I'arU, Frultvala, ftlay H,
l»l, Bradford richofleld Ole*n, yeunKent «m
of th* tat* John Henry Oleen Ana Ktn«l
t'enn Otatn. a natlv* of Oakland. «gt4 1
y«nr 4 month* an4 I Any*.
TnOMMLJTC-Jn thin elly. May 27, KM, P»ul,
rtenrly b«iov<H) hiiNtotml of Jlanrlsttft Tromm*
Hi*, and father «t Metvin, Plerane* «nd
\«iuUt Treminllti, it native at Germany. »«»'»
tit vJi-.ru trn.i g mentn*.
EJ'Frtendu nnrt Amjutilntan?** »r# r«ip«et«
fully 'Invited t<> atom] tit" fun*ral this 44/
(Wedneftiay), «t 1:30 oVIik'U, from the real*
donee ef Mm II. Kozmin-ky, 1713 ti«nry
street. Cr=mntl'>fi at Odd Pftllown' Cemetery.
WILWjN-ln this city, May tl. MOl. J. K. B..
IHnvp<l huslami of jeanftptt* Wilson, and
Movpfi ton of Mrs. Jo»«t>h L, Wil*nn, » n*'
tlv- of Han Francisco, n«p<1 43 yrars.
K7Kotlc« of funeral in Thursday morning's
papers.
WAHD-ln this city, May V, 1901, Patrick J.
Ward, a natlva of Irelaoi aged 60 year*. •
C7 friends and acquaintances and com*
radea of Colonel Cass Post No. 46. O. A. n..
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
- this day (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from
the parlors of A. W. Martin * Co., 31*
O'Farrell street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral for services. Interment National Ceme-
tery. Presidio.
WOOD— In this city. May 23, 1901. Mary, be-
loved wife of Benjamin Wood, a native of
Vermont, aged 77 years and 14 days.SUSPECT LUKHERATH AND THE PLUMBER WHO IDENTIFIED HIM
AT. THE HALL OF JUSTICE AS THE MAN HE NOTICED STANDING
OPPOSITE THE HISLOP RESIDENCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
night before there was more than $9 left.
Pfandler had been speaking to him
during the preceding | week about his
work, and had said he could hardly keep
a man who found it so hard to under
stand what was told him. Lukherath
knew he had not long to remain in . the
factory.
Looking for Money.
Last Wednesday, while under the in
fluence of liquor, he went to the Hislop
house and had the interview with Rob
bie. It was then he took the boy Jo the
candy store, and, after buying him some
candy, offered him money for every let
ter the boy got for him. That the letter
he expected was to contain money is
shown by a statement in a letter written
to him by his brother some time ago in
which the brother says: VI can well
understand how inconvenient it is to be
over there without money, but you know,
mother would gladly send you some
money if she had any. Just keep your
self straight and do not drink and you
will get along." This looked-for letter
did not come, although Lukherath was
sure it was coming.
Tho ransacking of the premises sug
gests nothing so much as a search; a
thorough search through drawers and
closets and even pockets in every room
but the one Lukherath and his two
friends had occupied. To one familiar
with the habits of the Hislops, it would
be known that in the two hours follow
ing 8 o'clock the house would be deserted
while Mrs. Hislop and Robbie went down
to the store to walk home with the hus
band and father. The front door had a
lock that was easily forced and there was
little to prevent any one from entering and
robbing or searching through everything.
There was nd love lost between the Hls
lopa and Lukherath. for he and his
friends had practically been sent out of
the Hislon house on account of the un
tidy way in which they lived.
Murder Came Last.
That the ransacking of the house was
done before the boy was killed is appar
ent, for a hand that was red enough' to
leave its bloody trace on the wall would
surely have left others had the murderer
paused in his flight long enough to throw
open drawers and closets in order to give
a semblance of robbery as a cause for
something which robbery could only ag
gravate, and if the house had been over
turned before the murder there could be
but two reasons for It— robbery or, a
search.
The police say nothing was taken. It
has been reported that some trinkets are
missing, but.it is by no means certain
that they are missing as the result of the
ransacking of the house, for the ¦ mother
THE mystery of the murder of
Robbie Hislop is this step near
er solution— the hatchet found
in the grass of the vacant lot is
stained with blood— but that is
as far as the curtain has un
folded in the last twenty-four
hours. The hatchet was found in the lot
Just opposite the Hislop house, on Haight
Btreet; on its head were found some marks
that might be blood, and now the chemist
to whom the hatchet was sent for exam
ination has returned It with the report
that the spots upon the head are blood.
Those on the trousers were found not to
be blood.
Who owns the hatchet? It is clean and
bright and not new, indicating that it was
not a hatchet that has lain xjut in the
weather, and that it has been in use is
shown by the jagged edge, more used to
nails and knots than clear wood. It is a
hatchet that should be missed, and the
question is— to whom does it belong? Cap
tain Seymour cays he will find out if he
has to show it to every one in the city
who ever owned a hatchet.
Another fact has been added to the
mass of circumstances surrounding the
tragedy by E. James Duffey, a plumber,
whose concern for his dog led him out to
the College kennels, on Haight street, last
Saturday evening in time to see standing
opposite the Hislop house and scanning it
eagerly a man who seemed to be waiting
for some one. Duffey was shown a squad
of prisoners from the City Prison yester
day afternoon. There were six or eight in
the bunch, but he picked out one without
hesitation and said, "He is the man." The
man he picked out is Herman Lukherath,
held under suspicion of being the murder
er of Robbie Hislop.
Lukherath still stoutly affirms his inno
cence and repeats his stor>\ but there is
at least one hour which he will have to
accour.t for more fully than he has be
fore the police will let him go.
That Missing Hour.
He save he left his shop and went with
his friend Smith to a saloon, which is
kept by W. J. Sheehy, and there, he says,
he and Smith and a fellow workman from
the sausage factory drank until about
half past a o'clock. Then they left and
he and Smith went up the street while
the other man went down. He stopped
with Smith at L. Samuels' drug store, on
the corner of Ninth and Howard streets,
E.nd there Smith purchased some salve.
Then they went straight home, meeting
no one whom they knew, speaking to no
one. only delaying' now and then to look
into a window. They arrived home about
10 o'clock and went Xo bed. Smith cor
roborates this story, and the landlady of
the house In which they live says she
heard some persons talking and moving
about in their room between 9:30 and 10
o'clock Saturday night. By this state
ment Lukherath allows himself and Smith
half an hour at most to reach home.
It is not true, however, that Lukherath
and Smith left the saloon or the drug
Ptore at 9:r>0, however true it may be that
they were home at 10. They left Sheehy'3
place at not later than S:10. for their com
panion from the shop. Eichorn. was home
at Bryant and Eighth streets it 8:20.
They did not remain in the drug s>tore
more than three or four minutes, for the
prescription which Smith had ordered
about C o'clock was ready and waiting for
them. They were out of the drug store
before the heavy rain set in Saturday
nig-ht. and the rain started between
twenty and thirty minutes after 8.
Allowing it to be 8:30 when they left the
drug store, and giving them half an hour—
iis Lukherath and Smith have themselves
dene — to do a distance a man may berry
over In ten minutes, they should hav«
been heme by 9, but it was not until near
ly 10 that they were heard walking around
the room, and Smith says they went to
bed as soon as they returned.
The Man With a Slouch Hat.
There was an hour lost somewhere, and
in that same hour Duffey saw a man with
a s-loi'ch hat standing on the curb oppo
site the Hislop house, regardless of wind
and rain. Duffey picked Lukherath out
of a crowd as that man. He is sure the
man he saw wore a slouch hat. Samuels,
the druggist, says Lukherath wore a stiff
hat on Saturday night. He says Smith
¦were a black slouch hat. wide in the brim.
It was between 8:15 and 8:45 Saturday
night that Duffey says he saw the man
waiting on the sidewalk. Pfandler. the
t-ausage man. for whom Lukherath work
«-d, says he frequently saw Smith stand
ing outside the factory in the evening
waiting fcr Lukherath. and at first, be
cause of some similarity of form and ap
pearance, lie thought Smith was Lukhe
rath's brother.
So far, however, beyond the statement
of Duffey and the word of the distracted
father, there is nothing to connect Lukhe
rath -with the murder of the boy. As us
ual in such mysteries, rumors are flying
thick and fast and robbery, willful mur
der and perversion are all assigned as the
cause of the tragedy. Motives are being
hunted for with magnifying glasses, but
in all the mass of conditions nothing that
¦will fit every phase of the case has been
developed, and all theories advanced have
for a starting point the suspect under ar
rest.
Cause of the Suspicion.
While hp ha? rot been charged and will
¦not be charged unless more definite evi
ocTic* is presented. Lukhorath's presence
in the vicinity of the houte, or the pres
ence of his doublo. his knowledge of the
•prernisr-s, hir. anxiety about letters that
were to bring him money and his efforts
to have the murdered boy watch for
thoir. all make him a part of any theory
in the cast.
Lukherath was discharged from his
place in th* sausage factory Saturday
right. He had be«n working there for
two months, but he had saved nothing,
for every week he was drawing advances
on his ray. He was drunk but once In
Pfandler's knowledge during- his employ
ment in .the sausagre factory and was oth
erwise steady, but he saved no money,
and when he was discharged Saturday
night Sheehy, the grocer, says the man
seemed worried over the prospect of idle
ness. He was sober when he left the fac
to-y, when he left the saloon and when
he left the drug store, and Sunday morn
ing, when he was arrested, of the $10
which ho drew as the last of his pay the
Stains on Hatchet on
Investigation Prove
to Be Spots of Blood
Verus cures Piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists.. *. ¦• ¦
wept. It seemed as if they had exhausted
their tears in sorrowing for the departed
and they sat with a stolid look of grief
that was pitiful to behold.
The room was filled -with the odor of
sweet flowers sent by kind friends. Floral
pieces crowded the room. Some were sent
by relatives, some by friends and some by
the schoolmates who sincerely -mourned
the boy's untimely taking off. JJefore the
services over his remains were begun by
the Rev. E. J. Lion of St. Stephen's Epis
copal Church, who preached the sermon"
the little schoolmates of the dead
boy marched into the house and
after beholding the face of their comju(l<*>'
the boys and girls took" up their posit 1 on
at one end of the room. The girls could
not restrain their feelings and wept aloud
The . boys who had -played with the de
parted tried to bear up manfully, but were
forced to use their handkerchiefs! to wipe
away the tears that- welled up in their
eyes. ¦ « . ,....--.• _v f .' •.,. _•
The services conducted by the Rev. Mr
Lion -were simple,' , yet very impresstve.
His. voice filled- the .room -with prayer for
the departed. No hymn, was suns and no
panegyric was delivered -over the body of
the boy. When the .simple * service was
concluded the friends filed slowly out of
the house • and - formed - a way through
which the coffin and the sorrowing family
passed. ¦ . ¦ _\'j , ¦ • i . -
Ontop of the "coffin reposed a bunch' of
callas ,. sent . > by the ¦ members of his
cl ?JL s - .\ six Dla ymates -who : had • studied
with him, -under; the guidance of Mlsa
Boukof sky , a teacher " in the John Gwett
School, acted as pall-bearers., They were
Joe Bearwald, Lawrence Bearwald; Louis
£5 jXKsTffi.? 8 * iniph5 as ?h%$
Merchants' Association Meeting.
The Merchants' Association will hold its
regular annual ' business . meeting- at- the
Academy of Sciences Hall this evening.
Reports of the work of the organization
during the last year will be read and a
new board of directors will be elected.
can speak since I came here, i I did not know a
word of English In the old country. I got those
knuckles in. Norway, In Stavanger. I didn't
buy them, they . belonged to Smith. A good
many people- in Norway have knuckles to de
lend themselves. I got them the day before I
left home. Smith was going to put them in
his pocket, but he had; too much, so he gave
them to me. I- got that knife in Norway. • I
haye had it a long time. I did not. have the
knife with me Saturday night. It was hanging
at home. The police here took the knife from
me once. . I was drunk and was arrested, and I
had the knife on me then. . I spent a couple of
dollars Saturday night. Smith spent some, but
I don t know how much. - We went direct home
rrom the drug store, and went right to bed.. I
did not have dinner Saturday night. The last
time I ate before Sunday morning was at noon
of Saturday. Then I ate at Fritz Close's place
on Market street. On Saturday I ate sausage
in the factory. I worked for Mr. j Hahn at
Twenty-first and Howard streets when I first
ca ™ e , here. I worked there about three weeks,
jf!r * because there .was no more" work. • I
did not work any place else. I did not work on
btocKton street, near : Montgomery avenue. I
aon t know a man named Taussl. I have worked
at two places since coming here— Hahn's and
i rlendler s. When I had worked for Hahn for
three days, he said there was no more work,
out for me to come around again. I went there
jor. three or four days, ana ne said there was
no work. Then'I asked for my money, and he
told me to come back on Monday. I went there
?£ Monday, but there was no work. I saw
iJ couldn't make a living that way, so I
quit and went down to Ninth street. Hahn is
a butcher. < I was boiling, hams for Hahn. In
.Norway, I was a sausage-maker and butcher. I
i The last time I was at 104V4 Haight street
was on last, Wednesday. I went there to see
!£?? re « wer t any ¦¦• letters for me. I expected
letters from home. I have received five or six
letters at^that house. I did not get any let
ters last Wednesday. I think it was the woman
x saw at the Haight-street house on Wednes
¦T^'ni? 1 .* 1 * don ,' t k "ow, for I was drinking.
I couldn t exactly say whether I saw the boys
° r . the lady of the house. I don't really know
when I last saw the boy. I hardly saw them
W .£? I jvas living there., I don't know Carl
ftVJri; th e_ fruit , man at . Haight and Gough
j a ?: .There -are two fruit stores there., but
I do.n t know them. I don't remember that . I
went into Selbfs place on Wednesday night.
Ci , went ln there' with the boy and bought
him 10 cents' worth of candy I' don't remem
ber it. i don t . remember telling the boy in
i P™ 5561106 of. the fruit man that I would
give him 25 cents for every letter [ he brought
X, to -i h< t. shop - Id o n 't remember anything
f bout Wednesday. I don't remember asking
the boy. to take a drink. I. was so much under
the; Influence of liquor that I don't remember
anything. I don't .remember whether it was
the .or the boy I : saw, at the house on
Wednesday. I was at the ; house close on to
f v . en , ln f or-late in' the ' afternoon: I don't
"link I: had- dinner on Wednesday, for I was
drinking. I had been drinking beer and whisky.
On; Saturday night I was drinking beer, but I
was ¦: not drunk. I don't . know how many
glasses of beer I had. S We were all ; treating,
and 1 all , spent , some ; money. , '
Vnii/ g TT J . flve or slx 'letters before I went to
104^ I Haight street. ". The ? letters were from
my mother. : I did ; not say at Hahn's that. I
was expecting important letters or news from
home. It \ was 9:15 or 9:30- o'clock Saturday
night. when we^ left the saloon. I did not look
at- my watch. , It must have been about 10
o clock.^ when ; we | got home, for we walked
home slowly.. I think It was the two sisters of
Mrs. Wiggins ' who . occupy the room next to
me at 318 . Laguna street. I- slept with Smith
: Saturday 'night I don't -know 'how'] many
times I treated Saturday ; night. First .one
and father of the murdered child are in
no condition to determine whether or not
they have lost anything. And, further,
the killing of the child after the house
had been ransacked would add nothing
to the safety* of the burglar, even grant
ing there was one. It is certain that the
boy was killed by one in a fit of frenzy, for
otherwise the two blows upon the skull
would have sufficed. The thirteen knife
cuts across the cheek tell of a man filled
with some terrible impulse,' hacking at
the nearest object to . his insane wrath.
And, also, it is reasonable to suppose the
boy knew the man, else the killing were
needless. . • ¦ . *
' And then on the wall at the landing half
way down the stairs there is a smear of
blood, and farther on the print of a hand,
both on the right side. They tell of the
man running down the stairs, pursued by
the knowledge of his crime and. stumbling
at the unexpected break in tne stairway.
He "fell against the wall and put out his
hand to save himself, and the hand he
put out left its Imprint upon the wall. : •
Threw Away the Hatchet.
i And then he ran down the steps from
the front door and across the street, and
Jn the grass of the vacant lot opposite the
house he threw th6. hatchet with which
he-had killed- the boy. - ¦. : . .
"Where this hatchet came from Is the
problem the police have set to solve. •
The sailor who made the ¦ third of the
lodgers at the Hislop house has not been
found. - The police are * leaning to the
theory that he really has gone to sea, and
for the time being Is out of reach.:.
The Hislop house has been the object of
scrutiny for some time by a 'man who
ceme to .the curb opposite and stared
across at the 'upper flat. Several*neigh
bors have. noticed it, but the descriptions
tiiey give are indefinite and almost value
ess. Some one has been planning to enter
the Hislop house, and the murder of Sat
urday night is the end, intended or un
intended, of the plan." . . . •'. : *¦
The police have three statements which
!orm the basis upon which they are work
ng. . One is from Lukherath, another is
:tom Smith and the third is by Duffey.
rhey are given elsewhere. . - •».-¦
This morning at 10 o'clock the Coroner's
nquest will commence. " • . \
DEFENSE MADE
BY LUKHERATH
Suspected Murderer Gives His Com
plete History to the Police
Authorities. /
Herman Lukherath, the. suspected man,
made the following statement to Captain
Seymour: ' . •
. SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 27,' 1901.
' - 1 came to this city from Norway. » I \ have
been here three months. ¦ I ; left Norway in
February. ' I came right to San Francisco from
Norway by way of New York. When I arrived
here I went to the Winchester' Hotel on Third
. street. r I . stayed there for . one week. Then
I went to 104H . Haight street. , I stayed there :
f^r one ¦ month. 1 1 left I 10**6 " Haight street • it
-.^•i ko tma month* on the 9th of <¦ next month.
• ... . .7. .
IDENTIFIES THE
SUSPECTED MAN
Plumber Duff ey Picks Lukherath Out
of a Line of Men in the
City Prison.
. E. James Duffey, who resides at 303 Oc
tavia street, made the following statement
to. Captain. of Detectives Seymour yester
day:
Between 8:15 and 8:45 o'clock last Saturday
night, I came out . of the College Kennels at
115 Haight street, being then on my way home.
Before that I had been downtown and bought
a pair" of shoes. As I came out of the Col
lege Kennels on to Haight street I noticed a
man leaning against the billboard fence, which
is on Haight street fifteen or twenty feet be
low the College Kennels. The place where the
man was standing Is nearly opposite to the
house, 104"^ Haight street. From where he
was etar.ding, the man couldn't help but see
the house 104V4 Ha'.ght street. I don't know
just which way the ¦ man was looking- when
I saw him. The man wore a black coat and
a black slouch hat. It was raining hard at
the time. I passed by him on the edge of
the sidewalk, and had a good look at him. I
noticed him particularly, because I wondered
why a man would .bp standing there In the
rain when there was an awning "at the store
near by. I thought that he must be waiting
for a woman. I. don't think he had an um
brella. If he did, he did not have It raised.
There Is a street light near where he was
standing, and it gave enough' light to reveal
a man* plainly at the point where he was stand
ing.
I went down Haight street about thirty-five
feet and then crossed over. The next morning
that was Sunday, I left the College Kennels
at 7 o'clock with ray dog, as I was going
across the bay .to hunt and try out the dog
After I left , the College Kennels I met the
undertaker and told him he was out pretty
early. He asked me if I had not heard about
the \ Hlslop boy being murdered last night.
When he told me that I went back and told
Barnett about it. Then I took a • car down . to
the ferry and went across the bay. I bought
a. paper on the boat, and I . began to think
about the man I had seen on Haight street
Saturday night. When I came back to the
city Sunday evening I told Barnett about the
man I had- seen on Haight street Saturday
night. I told him that the^nan wore a black
hat and coat, but I don't think I said any
thing else to him about the man's description.
A lady. came into Barnett's place Sunday even
ing while I was there and I told her about the
kind of clothing the man .wore. ¦ She said that
a lady had spoken to her about a man who
wore the same kind of clothes.
This afternoon I was in the City Prison and
was shown ' a , line of ' 6everal s men. I picked
out a man from the line and I am positive
that the man I picked out is the man I saw
standing on Haight ; street Saturday night. -Is
the man ' I - picked ' out the man 'you have under
suspicion of killing the boy? (Informed bv
Captain Seymour that the man he picked out
in the City 'Prison* is Herman Lukherath.)
LITTLE COMRADES <
CRY AT HIS BIER
Playmates Pay a Last Tribute to the
; Youthful Victim ''of Unknown
Murderer.
Hundreds of sympathetic people crowd
ed around the house; of mourning at 104H
Haight street | yesterday afternoon -and
watched i the white . hearse that ; held the
remains iof RobbietHisIop, the , youthful
victim "of ; the*, unknown | murderer. ¦ Tears
were ; shed ;.out of ' sympathy for ihe sor
rowing,; parents. Hardly 'a dry pye could
be '¦ seen* in the ; . vicinity., of the house, so
pathetic was the scene. ' - - ¦¦-¦.- -¦,.-.
The^ hour set for the' funeral' was 2
o clock, but long, before that time school
mates ; and friends: of the r murdered lad,
called at the house and paid their last
tribute, to his memory. : Seated around the
simple casket were the parents, brothers
and ; sisters of the boy. They no ' longer
It is due to the sterling honestv of Po
lice Officer John C. Edwards that Mr«i. 3.
Brlce of Napa, who Is visiting friends at
300 Page street, this city, is not bemoaning
the loss of her beautiful $6000 collection of
diamonds. Mrs. Brice, who is the wife of
a prominent retired naval officer, instead
of trusting to -the security of lock and
key, always carried .her jewels Jn a little
chamois bag sewed to the inner side of
her skirt. While she was out shopping
yesterday the bag became detached from
its fastenings. • It fell just as she was
stepping from a Post-street car and found
lodgment on the lowest step.
It happened that Officer Edwards was
waiting for a car at the crossing of Grant
avenue with a Chinese witness whom he
was conveying to the City and County
Hospital. As he was about to step aboard
the car he noticed a package on the lower
step. Thinking that it possibly had been
dropped by a lady who boarded tho enr,
just ahead of him he picked it ud and of
fered it to her, but received an indignant
repulse for his courtesy. On opening the
bag later he discovered that it contained a
perfect wealth of diamond rings, earrings,
necklaces and brooches, a will and a let
ter.. The latter contained the San Fran
cisco address of the owner.
After Officer Edwards had discharged
his mission. and had taken the Chinaman
to the hospital he went to 300 Page street
for the purpose of restoring the jewels to
their rightful owner, but found that she
was not at home. He took the precious
Southern Pacific Eastern excursions,
June 3 and 4: j Buffalo and return, $87: St,
Paul and return* 567 90; Kansas City and
return, $60. Tickets on sale June 3 and 4,
limit 60 days, stopovers going and return
ing; choice of. routes. Full information at
Southern Pacific office, 613 Market street.
packag-e to headquarters and turned it
over to Captain Seymour.
In the meantime, however, Mrs. Brlce
had discovered her loss and, almost dis
tracted, had gone to Seymour and sought
his assistance in the recovery of the jew
els. When they were, placed in her hands
she was overcome with joy.
Officer Edwards was complimented by
his chief for his honesty.
CHAMOIS BAG ON A CAR STEP
FULL OF SPARKLING DIAMONDS
Policeman Edwards Makes Surprising Discovery, and Owner
Is Overjoyed at Recovery of Her Valuables,
and then the other treated. I couldn't really
say how much I did spend. The money in
the ' stocking in the trunk was . there before.
When tho officer, lifted out ' part of the trunk
I 'lifted that money in again. . I didn't take
any money out of 'my pants pocket. The
pants that | the : police took were not the pants
that I wore on Saturday. I was in bed when
the police came.* I: went to the closet >and
took out the pants and put them on, but they
were not the ones I had on Saturday. I did
not tell the officer that those were the pants
that I had on Saturday. The officers began
to search over the clothes as soon as they
got Into the room. - .
STATEMENT MADE
BY HARRY SMITH
He Tells of Lukherath's and His Own
Movements on the Night of
the Murder.
Harry Smith made the following state
ment to, the police:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 27, 1901.
I first saw Herman Lukherath in the saloon
after 7 o'clock when he got his money. It was
past 7 o'clock when he came into the saloon on
Ninth street.* We were drinking a little beer
in the saloon. From the saloon we went to
the drug store. I was at the drug store before
I went to the shop. I went to the drug store
for salve, jjj Herman was not . in the shop. I
found, him in the. saloon. I don't know how
long we were in the saloon. We were there
about one hour drinking at the bar. There
were three of us, Herman, the man who works
with ' him in the shop and myself. - From the
saloon we went to the drug . store. Herman
was with' me. '-'I don't know what time it was.
From the drug store we went home.- We went
home by way of Market street, Oak street and
to the left on Laguna street. Herman and I
live together. Herman went to bed first and
I after. We live at 318 Laguna street. I didn't
talk to anybody on the way home. I don't
know how . long we were in the drug store. I
have no watch. My watch is at home, broken.
Herman has a watch, but he didn't look at it.
We stayed at 318 Laguna street until the po
lice came at 6 o'clock Sunday morning. There
was a woman in the next room. Mrs. Wig
gins and her sister heard us in our room at
9:30 o'clock Saturday night. I know the man
in' the drug store, but I don't know his name.
The drug store is on Ninth street I didn't
meet any one I knew on the way home. The
only person I saw Saturday night that I knew
was the man who works with Herman in the
shop. | I work for Hr. Ray on Market street.
I have lived in San Francisco for three months.
I came direct from the old country. Herman
came at the same time. I lived at 104% Haight
street. I knew the family there and the boy.
So did Herman. Herman was with me all the
time from 7 o'clock Saturday evening until 6
o'clock Sunday morning. He couldn't have left
me. I left 104% Haight street— on the 9th of
next month it will be two months ago. It was
a cold back room on Haight street. I have not
been there since. Herman has been there since
after letters, and he has sent little girls there
for letters. I left Haight street because I
didn't like the place.
Herman and I came from Norway together.
We were born in the same town, the town of
Seavanger, Norway. I don't know any one else
here from . that town. Herman had the knife
arid brass knuckles taken away from him here.
He got the knife back, but the police kept the
knuckles. I gave Herman the knuckles. I
used them ' In the old country in going from
town to the country. I gave the knuckles to
Herman because I had too much in my pock
et. Those are the knuckles and that is the
knife (identifying pair of brass knuckles and
dirk knife shown him by District Attorney
Byington). I got the knuckles made at a
plumber's In .Norway. The plumber's name
is Swenson. The knife belongs to Herman.
When we first came to the city we roomed j
at the Winchester Hotel on Third street. We
were there for one week. From there we
went to 104% Haight street. . I gave the
knuckles to Herman at home before we start
ed out on our trip. I never owned that knife.
Most everybody has a knife like that on him
at home. I gave the knuckles to Herman be
cause in going to the first place after leaving
home we had to pass through a bad place in
the forest. I bought those knuckles many
years ago in Norway. I guess I gave the
knuckles' to Herman at home. I never hit
anybody with those knuckles. Herman was
never in trouble at j home. I first saw that
knife at home. Herman used It to cut sausage
in his room. His father was a butcher. That
knife hangs in our room. Herman uses it now
to cut sausage. I had a knife much larger
and sharper-, on both sides than that knife.
I lost it In the old country. I lost the blade,
but the handle and sheath are still in the old
country. I have a revolver in my room. I
brought it to this country with me. When
I got here my uncle told me I would have to
cut it down. Herman lived in town at home.
I lived In town in the winter and in the
country in the summer. I lived one-half mile
from town. Herman and I did not go to
school together. Stavanger is a town of 35,
000 population. My uncle is Burt H. Lietjen.
He Is a bay freighter at 44 East street and
he lives at 247S Market street. The only per
sons here who knew me in the old country
are my uncle and aunt.
I left. there. on March 9. I went to 318 Laguna
street.' I have : been: at 1 318 Laguna Btreet two
months on - the 9th of next . month. •. Last Sat
urday night I ' left , the, place where I" work
a little after 6 -o'clock.- 1 1 have worked at that
shop for. eix or seven -weeks. Anton Frlend
ler owns 'the shop./ The' shop Is at'162 Ninth
street. • From the • shop we went over to the
saloon ¦ across ¦ the street. t " Smith and the man
who works with me in the shop were with me.
Smith came from work and was standing there
.waiting-, for. me. He was standing near- the
corner at the saloon: waiting for me. ' Smith
and the other man and I were at the saloon.
I- do-not, know the name of the other, man.
We stayed in the saloon until about ¦ 9:30
o'clock. It was ¦ between 9 and 10 o'clock. 1 1
think it was 9:30 o'clock. We went into the
saloon close on to 7 o'clock. We stayed in 'the
saloon more than two hours. . There was one
other man there, but I don't know him. "He
was talking: to the saloon-keeper. I don't know
the saloon-keeper's name. From the saloon we
went to the drug, store on Ninth street. We
went to the drug- store because Smith wanted
to get' a box of salve *o rub on his arm for
rheumatism. I. don't .know that Smith . has
rheumatism, but he rubs the salve on any place
or joint that is stiff. From the drug store we
went home. We " got home somewhere around
10 o'clock. We went home by way of Ninth
street, Market street, Oak - street and to the
left on Laguna street. I did not meet any
body I knew on the way home. We did not
stop in any saloon on the way home.
We did not meet anybody in the house when
we got home. . I have learned what English I
One Hour of Saturday Evening for Which
;;the Stas^ Before Being
¦ Set Free—Funeral of the Young -Victim
THE SAN FRAN^
LUKHERATH PICKED FROM A CROWD OF SIX
OR EIGHT PRISONERS BY JAMES DUFFEY AS THE
MAN HE SAW ON THE NIGHT OF THE MURDER
12
AD V Kit'V I S P. MTpvprs.
'Phone Howard 1021.
a pBggr A %g ?Sa fir J»
119 TAYLOR STREET.
May 29 to June 1.
HUMBOLDT Creamery BUTTER 27c
SUGAR i p ss k n c d'i:.^.. c^: $1.00
¦CdMAfiONSALE.
"With our 63c quality best Tea. pound A A-
Choice of twenty kinds. 5 poundstiMR
limit. . » w
FREE SAMPLES MAPLE SYRUP.
CORN MEAL SS££25c
date quality and freshness. Regular 35c.
10c "WORLD'S FAIR TOOTHPICKS Gc
GRAPE NUTS |«M .«£ IOg
Fully cooked, predJgested."" 15c "regular.
Friday.
KORNLET CORN -Without Hulls 2Oc
Queen lily " Soap *CoI*"Bo*x,"i66* bars* $2.90.
EGG WHITE SOAP, 25c BOX 20c>
CUT Finest Table Salt, 10c sack., p.
OALI H - **• H - brand. Does not hR
. lump. ' ,v. - **
BYTHINIA MINERAL "WATER 20c
FLOUR 5SffisJ&£:*||g§
i kuuu Our regular 80c. Saleon UUU
all brands this week.
For Quick, Tasty and Wholesome Lunch,
French Sardines. "Clement," 3 tins. .25c
POTTED Chicken or Turkey, tin lOc
LIBBY'S Deviled Ham, 6 tins 25c
LOBSTERS, very best "Canadian," tin...
- 2Oc
DUNBAE'8 Shrimps, best brand, Un.lOc
BUTTER w-".~. erte !:.^!29c
UU IJUII Better pack ed at this 4>UU
price.. Choice of 3 brands.
BEST WHISKEY, PINT BOTTLE 49c
MRS. FABER'S Preserving Kitchen
now open.
' -You can see pure Jelly and jam beingr
made.
NOTICE
Growers of BEST Fruits.
Highest price paid j for choicest Fruits
and Berries to be used in our Preserving
Kitchen this season. Address,
FABER & CO.
119 Taylor 3treet. S. F. .
drmulty:
THIS WfiLL-KXOWN AITD BKLIABLE OLJ>
SpeciallsteureiBlood Poison, Oonorrhoai\,Ole*t,
Strlc to Tf, Semlnal-Weakness, ImpotMie* and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fre«.
OvprCOyears'Pxper'ence.Termareaiwnabio. Hours.
0 to 3 daily ; 6:30 toS. 30 ev'gs. Sn nd»yi, 10 to 12. Consnl-
tationtreeandsacredly confidential. Call or addrtss
P. KOSCOE JfcXCT/TY, 31. D.
.10 li liearay St.. San Francisco, C^J-
1- ADVERTISEMENTS. --. - - ' ¦*' . ¦ ___**.,_'.*-
DEPARTMEWT
SPECIAL OFFERING
100 pieces BLAGK TAFFETA SILK,
.full 24 Inches wide j all extra
good heaYB lustrous gualltu, ;
JfrlCu
This Taffeta Is a gualitu that
would be good value fop $1.25
per prd, is fullu guaranteed to
weaiy and as the pantitu is
limited, oup customers "should
make an earln inspection,
• ¦
III, 113. 115. 117. H9. 121 POST STREET.
*J) transcending the highes* I
rf^£mpB previous development o f I
shoe manufacture, is 1
% B||pjpj Juliet bhoes 1
iiMiiwl i ii ViiC«.rT»— bJ we are now offering for women. I
l hey are specially designed for spring and summer I
wear, are made in Chocolate Brown Vici Kid, have 1
hand-turned soles, low heels and new coin toe. The
I sizes run from 3 to 8, widths from C to EE.
I « Our <£0 y-^v the
B;Katschinsln
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO I
JO THIRD ST. San FraWci^o.cai ,.;.. / §