where life Is stale, flat acd at war wlta
Itself without this unknown quality, with
out which heaven Is hades and vice versa.
Nevertheless in 'this afl fanpertant essen
"*• J tho t*cil3orto Count was incKTng.
Continued oa Pag© Tkret,
and respectful devotion of the Count. In
all respects they were harmonious. Both
men nad fought for their principle!; both
once made him bis private secretary. The
young man filled the position with, great
honor to himself and to the delight of
Benor BUneros, who found In the young
nobleman a world of fine qualities to ad
mire. The older man was something of
an Invalid and hi received the sympathy
had-.read the same books; conversed In
the same languages; traveled In the same
countries, and shared the some views in
religion ; and- statesmanship. 8o the bond
•that ' entwined;* them 'bad -become^ very
Clo«« Indeed, ; , ' x
1 Count DIvlzt.TTu't the best people at the
, mansion at which he lived: went Into co
1 ci.ety . in that exclusive republic, and was
both by ladles and. gentlemen
.alike.*; And why not? Was' he not tho
I friend and protege of the honorable Senor
Slsneros? And did he not spend, millions
v in his own country and . for the cause of
Fpaln? <Of course, ho. was a nobleman* In
"every word and^act;'- why,'"hls very an
pearnnee and tn lent s would take him to
hhe fdot,!o^.'a^hron*;' Such wns the lm
; prVsslon he" left with 'all who met him, and
fcuch w«s'.the ( verdict]all'nindered him. I
' He'bad one fauit, nnj only one. It wns
this:' AVhUe'-heVwas the quintessence of
and. courtesy to the ladles, his
manner* was^cold:' Notwithstanding the
'nrtjnlratlon,.th'at. > wn8 flashed from a huu-
Jdred bewitching^ eyes-^nd < Mexico Is full
v of.them~ro, woman could say that the
slightest focllng of .warmth was ever ex
pressed 1 for herself, or her sisters by this
mngnincent specimen of manhood.* Cer
tainly this' was 'a fault.' particularly in a
-country where love -Is In :th«V*lr. • and
mi him and ordered that the stranger ce
ehown In.
In a moment the door evened and (he
vlrftor was In the presence of the Bishop.
"I am Count Dlvizza of Italy." h*
nald, "and I have Just arrived from .the
•eat of war. For the cause of Fpa!n. rr.y
elster country. I have fought ahd list. In
her Interest I risked my fortune and new
I am a ruined man. Impoverished, ev*»n
my credential" gone, and I have r.ovrhfre
to lay my h*ad. Bat I c«k not charity,
reverend father; I ask or.Iy that In thl«
etrange land seme door he op»n to me.
where, by the poor taints I posses, I
may be enabled to make a livelihood. In
my youth I studied at fialamanca, at
Rome and In JJnzlanfl. t know something
of the European tongues and trust that
as a teacher of la.r.jjtjrur*-* I may not be
found altogether wanting."
The good Bishop was at on^ Intr-re«tc£|
He soon discovered that his gucut was a. *
that he professed and even more— a ir.aa
ter of seven of the principal languages,
all of wh'ch he spoke with «jual fluency:
and his knowledge of the various litera
tures was something remarkable—some
thing rarely met with outside cloistered
balls. Then, too, the man wan in all
I seeming the most devout of Christians and
this further established him in th<- good
will of the generous-hearted Bishop.
Bishop AverardI was cnptlva;* d with tho
young gentleman. "You are welcome,"
said be, "My home and my services are
at your command. Remain v/ltb me fur
the present and trust me that a suitable,
position >hall be pnn'ided."
It Is not surprising that the Bishop was
captivated with his gueet, for had not
this gentleman's great learning and abil
ity been demonstrated to him 7 Then did
he not look the nobleman to the very life?
He was simply magnincent to look at; 23
years of age, tall, graceful and accom
plished In every conceivable manner. He
was one of the falreat types of blonde,
with great blue eyem that gave him the
look of a calnt or a' martyr, as the change
of expression played over a countenance
that was radiant.
In a few days the Count was Installed ss
private secretary to a gentleman of great
waltb who owned an immense hacienda
x/'ar the City of Mexico. This gentleman
|-5enor Garcia Bisneros— received the
Jtraug* Count into his castle on recom-
Biendatloas from Dlthop Avtmrdl, and 0 {
Of course there were surmises and sus
picions of some fair divinity somewhere,
whose soul held In thrall even the elusive
love of a man far off among strange and
beautiful women. But these whisperings
were not tangible and the mystery re
mained unsolved, as the Count was 'well
able to keep his own counsel.
Things stood just so one lovely evening
when the military baud was filling th«
sir with such music as might have drawn
wild beasts from their lairs, so great was
Its charm. It did draw all the wealth and
beauty of that music loving city within
Its enchanting sounds. All but the Count
Dlvizza. .whose carriage .was nowhere to
be seen.. A- psychic, quiver seemed to
shake. the still, warm air, as if with some
suggestion of calamity. The question was
en many lips: "Where. Is the Count Dlvlx
sii?" for this T most interesting of gentle
men had endeared himself to- all with
whom he came In. contact, and on occa
sions such aa this he was never absent.
Very early In the evening Senor Sis
neros was 'seen to leave the circle and
drive toward home. Soon after others fol
lowed. As . they drove through the city
mounted' police were dashing in ail direc
tions and before the nearest carriage
could reach Its destination It was told all
over the city that the Count Divizza had
robbed Senor Slsneros and escaped sv'th
H0.00O worth of old family [ jewels and
J2S.OCO in cash.. Consternation -held the
friends and admirers of the young Count
dumb. For every one In that multitude
belonged to either the one class or the
other. Because of his coolness to the la
dle* he had not earned the jealousy of tha
men: and for the same reason he had not
made enemies of the ladles.' as he treated
all with equal courtesy. •''
Mexico City slept little that nlgfct-the
police and detectives not at all. The city
and country was searched as If by a cy
clone, and the train, that left a few mo
ments after the Count was' last seen, was
.boarded at every station by local detec
tives. ' All In vain: not a trace of tha
man nor of the valuable plunder was
anywhere to be found.
Many there were who believed that tas
Count In some mysterious manner was
spirited away by the real robbers, and
this. If true, would have been a relief to
the gentleman who trusted • him so lm-
FIFTEEN mcnths ago when the Es
perarza reached the port of Vera
Crux a tall and aristocratic-looking
young gentleman, carrying a small
hand-crip, stepped up to the ticket
offlce and purchased a ticket to Mexico
City-
A close observer would have seen, with
out doubt, that it took apparently his last
money, as it looked for a time as If ho
would never really f.nd the small sum re
quired. A carevrcrr. look did not leave his
**«• during the short but tiresome Jour
ney: not even when the capital was
reached.
On alighting from the train he walked
to a fashionable hotel and registered as
Count DIvisza cf Florence, Italy.
"I expect my trunks later." he Vaid to
the clerk, simply. "Give me a good room.^
His splendid sppar-rance did more than
the urcsence or absence cf luggage.* and
there entered no thought Into the hotel
clerk's mind that *he d«v*nt stranger
could b« poverty rtricken. For a day or
two the nobleman was Enured with the
best that the hotel could aSord. The land
lord felt honored when he questioned him
ftboet the addresses cf the most promi
nent Italians In the city
Bishop AveranSt thoughtfully looked nt
* Tlsl'Js? c&rd h'.s rrrvzrt had jest hand-
THE TEMPTING OF COUNT DIVIZZA
Sunday Call Magazine Section, f Flndlay/ iohlo— VTho Brilliant ! City,"
from - its : groat abundance of natural craa.
4 FranWln, Pa.— VThe Nursery of Oreat
Men," because' of ' the "number of •'distin
guished men in both State and national!
politics -which' It; has produced and Is still
, producing, . laying claim to haying always
a promising: crop coming on.* > * ' : v v
' Freeport, 111.— VTho Pretiel. City,*?' from
tho number of Its ;., German population,
who arc ' fond of the ' pretzel. i : £\u25a0 £: "
; ; Oalena; Ill.-J"The liead City, ".for :\u25a0 the
reason ' that It U central' In • the , lead-pro-
, Evansvllle, Ind— "The , Crescent City,"
from Its situation on; the outer, sldo of a
curve In the. Ohio: River; "ThovPockef
City,' 1 ' from lt» location'in that part of
the Stato Icr.owni as : "The Pocket,"' of
which It Is the \u25a0metropolis; also nicknamed,
"Lama»co.": : ; r ;-.' v ; ::\u25a0\u25a0•';*? S &&*?/•$£# v'" ; :'."'
Dowoglac. Mich.— "Tho City of Stoves."
tho homo of tho world-renowned "Round
Oak Btove;" the namo of this city Is In
dian, meaning "good flshlng place." 1
• Durham. "N. • a— "Tho Bull City," for
th^ .rcanon that in 1S30 a firm located on
this site, then but a water station on the
North Carolina. Railroad, and began the
manufacture of % the "Durham Bull"
brand of tobacco,' and has now one of the
largest' . manufacturing \u25a0 plants in | the
"United States, . Us product having a
world-wide reputation and consumption."
The town has grown from this beginning
to a city of nearly 10,000 population. " A
East Liverpool, ,Ohlo-"The -Ceramic
City," because of Its extensive manufac
tures of fine pottery <tho ceramic In art);
"The Crockery, City." also, for substan
tially .the some reason, "
Elgin, Ill.-"The -Watch .City." as the
manufacture of watches as a chief Indus
try;! "The tJalry City." being tho ; center
of the dairy lntor«ita of the State,' lt»
products In this capacity being .unsur
, passed* anywhere' botwee'n New York and
SoniPrnncl.»co. : ,\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•' \u25a0\u25a0 *"\u25a0' ? :
Hot Springs, Ark.— "The Qem r s of the
Ozarks," from Its characteristic beauties
as an Ozurk Mountain city; "The. Baden
Baden of America," "The Bethesda'bf th<:
;New World." "The Carlsbad >f "America,"
i "The Valley of yap i ors"r*H'these because
of the wonderful healing properties of the
hot springs. •• : ... . ,
Huntington, Ind.— '.'The Lime City." on,
account of lu celebrated white lime, which
is manufactured here In large quantities.
IndependencQ, Iowa— 'fThe Lexllngton of
tho North," because of.Mts famous kite
track, Mike that, at I^xtngton.;Kv;*;
Indianapolis, Ind.— "The Railroad City," \u25a0
on account of Its many railroads, maklnz,
it the great thoroughfare by rail, between '-.
the East and tlie West; '"The Convention
, City," for . the rcason'that^ many assem- «
*blles of r parties and In the na
tional capacity; are" held here: "The Queen,
>of Inland Cities," for T reasons; very -ob
vious. *.: ' I
'.:>, Joffersonv|lle, Ind.— 'TheGrctna Green
of the Ohio' Valley," because of the many '
.marriages of runaway couples from Ken
, tucky and other Btates, > so ; nicknamed
i from Gretna? Green,, Scotland, Just across
the border, to which English paople rcsort
j ed . for ' clandestine marriages; "The | Fallu
.City of Indiana,'.' lying \u25a0 on the opposite '
side of the Ohio River from Louisville, tho
"Falli City' 1 of Kentucky, 7 Vi • l ; :,
duclng. section of the State; "The'Pictur
enquo City," from its scenic topographical
surroundings.' ' <; *• ,' v •":? .^ '- ' •
Geneva , Ohio— "The Biffimf ttVJ S which
is the meaning of the name; called, poet
ically. "The Beautiful Town on Lako
Erie" by the home poet. Kdlth Thomas.
HopklnsvUle. Ky.-"The ) Pearl ; of a the
Pennyrlle," a name given 'It, but a f«w.
years ugo by a prominent member of -the
Kentucky Press Association in. 1 response
to a toast. Pennyroyal, of which "Penny
rile" lsa corruption, grows spontaneously
and abundantly in this- section.'.-: . -
De Kalb, Ill.J."The Barb City," from
its .barbed wire Industries, the original
invpntor of the barbed wire, Mr. Ollddon,
residing at. this place. C . • . ' : '
Delaware, Ohio— "Tho Mother of
Methodism," the seat of the Ohio Wcs-
Jeyan' Unlvcrnlty,' which- sonds out more
preachers ' and missionaries 'than -any
other institution In tha world, . "
Creaton, Iowa— "Tho Crcet ' City,". - f of
the simple reason that it stands on tho
crest: the'hlghe»t poih* in tho State. be-i
twecn tho Mississippi and • Misirourl
Rivera, on the line of tho C. B. and. Q.
Railroad. . *• - . ""
Cynthlana, Ky.-VThO] Maiden r City."
for. the reason that |t wan christened In
honor of Cynthia and Anna, tho maiden
daughters cf a Mr. Harrison, who Intro
duced the bill ln-tho Btrite Legislature
for the reorganization of . tho v county,
which was v named for 1 himself, V and the
county, ecat for his daughters. ''\u25a0\u25a0"•' "\u25a0\u25a0
Danville. Ky.-"LHtlo Britain.'/ Vo nick
named out of rivalry "on 'the- part of
neighboring towns from tho fancied pr'do,
exclusivcneas and ImpcTiouanens of r.its
people. .;' . -»• --*•'
Clinton.' Iowa— "The Sawmtll City," on
account of the extent of it* lumber mill-
Ing industries. "The Metropolis : of
Cromwell's Nose," as It Is located at the
extreme eastern point of the State, on
the Mississippi River, the ':• largeat city
within the area of the bend 'lying east
of a line from Guttenburg south to Bur
lington, which, In outline,, bears a fancied
resemblance to Cromwell's nose.
\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 , • \ . ...
lls of the Palmetto State.,, "The Ameri
can Venice," for the reason' that on ap
proaching it from the «ea It seems to, rise
up out of the water. • '*; j
Charlotte. N. C.-"The City of Inde
pendence,'-' tho Mecklenburg Resolutions,
the flrst original Declaration of Independ
ence, having been adopted herb in May,
1775. "'.••\u25a0 ':':*:. ;*\u25a0' • ' \u25a0 .» ' '\u25a0".'\u25a0
- • . - . \u25a0 r— I 1
: Marietta, Ohio— -Tbe Pioneer City" as
it is the oldest town In the State and one
of the earliest In the Northwest Terri
tory, founded in 1788 by Putnam and
named In honor of Marie Antoinette.
Martlnsville. Ind.-'.The Artesian City '•
having several mineral welta and five san
itariums.
McKeesport. Pa.-'iThe Tube City," so
called for the reason that Its chief Indus
try is the manufacture of Iron and steel
tubes of all kinds, the National Tub*
Works being the largest plant of the kind
in the world, giving employment to 10 0W
people. \u25a0 . \u25a0 . .
Mont—-The Garden City of
the Rocky Mountains." because of Us lo
cation in a very One agricultural belt In
the celebrated Hitter Root country.
Mollne. I1L— "The City of Mills." on ac
count of its numerous factories- "The
Flow. City." because of its manufacture
of plows, the ttrat steel plow having been
turned out here. The largest plow fac
tory In the world 13 located here/> produc
ing more steel plows. than all other plants
•combined. •"The Lowell of the West," for
obvious reasons.
_Montgcmery. Ala.— "The Cradle of the
Confederacy," where Jefferson Davis took
;the oath^ of office as President of" tbe
Southern Confederacy and the temporary
government was' launched. '
aMuscatlne. Iowa~"The Pearl City," for
the reason that It Is, the centor ' of * th*
pearl button production and business of
the Mississippi Vulley. The business of
making r*o rl - buttons from fresh water
clam \u2666 Shells was- 'Introduced Into the
United States nt this place about eight
'years a^o. .nnd there are. now twenty-nve
pearl button factories . her* ; 'The Bend
' City." 3 situated ,on a large bend of the
Mississippi.; \! _, v v. •'
.* Mount Pleasant. Tenn.-r^"The Phosphate
City,"- from its immense and valuable
•beds of • phonphate.remploylng -thousands
of men In their development, the popula
tion having grown 'from that of. a mere
hamlet .to a ctty of considerable propar- v
tlpns within 2 a .very/, few years from
impetus Rffordtd byCtbi» di«cov«ry.'iid
industry.
Ludlngton. Mich.— "The Epworth City/*
beoausc the Epworth League training re
sort' Is located here: "The Winter Har
,bor," for the reason that' It Is claimed to
r be , the 'only port on the east . side of
a Lake MIchiRan . which remains open all
-winter..; ".,'\u25a0. \u25a0'•\u25a0'\u25a0 ;f;\ '.,' 't\>X\ \u25a0--,;. . ; N - \u25a0•• ;
i ; Lynchburg, Va.'t7"The . Tobacco |l City,"
because of Its. tobacco Interests and trade,
from which it has ranked as > the richest
city of Jits size In the South, operating as
many as eight factories In this Industry
Madison, Ind.-"The City 'Neaih the
Hills," from it*- picturesque situation on
the Ohio River.. the marginal heights and
bluffs { bordering , the < stream ? overlooking
I the place. V Madtaon has the distinction of
being the oldest railroad town west of the
< Allcghenles-vp :- -, ' *'•-;.• ..:..; •
, Malone. N. Y.— "The Elm* City,"." from
the number; of : Its elm shade trees, with
Sblch all the principal streets are fringed.
Keokuk. Iowa— "The Gate City." as It
Is the southeast corner, of the State and
a port of entry on the, Mississippi, as well
us the junction of several railroads— both
an inlet and an outlet to the Suite.
Lafayette."- Ind.— "The Star' City." a
name acquired In the early history of the
place from the circumstances of location
and relative importance, shining as a star
of first magnitude in the. fancy of its
people, as: contrasted with its satellites
surrounding, with no peer to dim Its lus
ter; '.;\u25a0'.; :-\u25a0\u25a0 -, / . - ., > ;.\u25a0 . \u25a0 ' . \u25a0 \u25a0
Lancaster. Ohio — "The City of States
men." many, men ot national renown hav
ing lived here.
La Snlle. 111.— "The Zinc City." from the
fact that there Is operated here the lars
est.stnc factory In this country, if not tho
largest In the. world. . \u25a0 ;
Logansport. . Ind.— '•The Bridge City."
situated on" both; tho Wabash and Eel
Klvora. the two streams spanned by more
than -twenty bridges within the corporate
llmlts'fqr street and , railroad. crossings;
"The City, of Churches.*- havlngi^inete«n
Protestant churches, with a membership
of 5000, in n total population of 20,000, val
ued at 1360,000. •-\u25a0\u25a0-.. . 'j \u25a0\u25a0•/'\u25a0 ;
Jollet, 111.— "The Stone City," because of
its numerous and extensive stpne quarries
and its vast beds of. gravel. .
Centralla. III.— "The Strawberry City,"
because of Its tlret rank as a strawberry
producing and thlpplnc point. Also; "The
Strawberry Queen of Egypt."
.-Charleston, 3. C— "The Palmetto City,"
because, of its palmetto timber, and for
the further reason that it'ls the metropo
.'\u25a0 t -
Brazil, Ind.— "The Black Diamond CKy.
from its being the center of the block .coal,
production, this quality of coal having
boon named "black diamonds" from its
superior quality and value in" the Indus
trial and productive world; "The Clay
Metropolis." becauso of its Importance
commercially In the production of ' clay
and the manufacture of clay utilities. The
best clay yet discovered for the manu
facture of encaustic (monumental) tiling
Is produced near this place. \u25a0 ' > *
Bristol, Conn.— "The Clock City." from
its extennlve manufacture of clocks; "The
Bell City," also from Its manufacture of
bcll«. . . : .
Bucyrus. Ohio— "The Summit City," ly
ing Immediately on the divide, or water
shed, between Lake Erie and the Ohio
River, waterfallH being divided by the
roofs of houses In the city flowing from
one side north to the lake and from the
other side south to the river. /
Butler, Pa.— "The Soap Mine City," for
the reason that at a time a species of clay
was discovered on the borders of the place
having «o close a resemblance to the soft
*oap made and used by country people
that the dlscovtrerw believed it to be' the
genuine thing from night and feeling, and
were not convinced to the contrary until
it had been put practically to the test.
Cairo. lll.—"Tho Delta City,"; from its
location at the confluence of the two great 1
rlvem, Mississippi and Ohio. "The Capital
of Egypt." an the metropolis of Southern
Illinois, which Is known ns "Egypt."
Cambridge, Ohio— 'IThe Guernsey City,"
county seat of GuernHoy County, because
Its nrat settlers were a small colony di
rectly from thu Isle of Guernsey, In" the
English Channel. \l r .
Blloxl. Miss.— "The Queen City, of the
Coast." the largest city on Mississippi
Sound, the queen of coast dtles in point
of business, healthfulness and desirability
generally.
*J* Jr OST American cities and towns
/ \ f\ have a recognized sobriquet.
I V or nickname, of which many are
V "* I here enumerated and reasons as-
JL signed for eo designating them
In popular favor. As the rule these
rJckoam*s are not arbitrarily conferred,
but are due to some circumstance, geo
graphical, historical. Industrial or other
wise.
Albaay. Georgia— "The Artesian City,"
ca account of Its artesian wells, of which
tbero are as many a3 fifteen, affording
an abundance of pure. fr«jsh water.
AchevIJJe. North Carolina— "The Janus
of Resorts," for the reason that. like the
two-faced divinity of mythology. It hau
two fronts, on one side representing a
\u25a0welcome to winter gucut* from the North
and on tbc other to summer guests from
the south.
Afthtabula. Ohio— "Th«* Disaster City."
eo calTcd from tlie fatal railroad accident
of December n>, JS76. Ashtabula la th«
ercatcst iron ore receiving port In the
world.
Atlanta. Georgia— "The Gate City of
the South." for the reason that it is the
railroad cr-n:or and thoroughfare of the
seaboard Southern Statf-«: "The Circle
City." its corporate limits dencrlbirjg a
IM»rfect cirrle of threes miles diameter;
"Tho Empire City of the Bouth." as the
Capital sad metropolis of the Empire
State of the South.
tiatavia. Illinois— "Tlj- City of Wlnd-
TnlHs," ns It Is the: neat of the three larg
est windmill factories In the Unlt^-l
Elates; "The Rock City." irom its many
fine quarries.
Baton Roug««, Louisiana— "The ItcJ
Stick City," baton moaning stick, or
staff, and rouge red. There wns stand
ing on tho site of the city a native
growth ot cyprees of prodigious height,
beving a red bark, with no branches but
at tho top. which led one of the (lrst set
tler* to remark facetlounly that tho«2
tttm* would make handsome walking
Etlcks, already painted. '
Bedford, Indiana— "The Stone City," be
cauKO of iu unlimited d<<ponlts of .the
finest and best oolitic Urni-atone in the
world.
Queer Nicknames of American Cities
just tor gladness, for there were some of
those who helped him whom he had car
ried when they were little babies, and bo
was a big six-footer. Now he Is shrunken
with age and weakened like a woman. b«g
his heart is big for gratitude— eo big thtg
it almost bursts. Who knows what Indian
god he prays to. but somewhere his pray
ers will go for those who were kind to
the old* Indian chief who helped to build
the first transcontinental road and whose
proudest title was "V. 3. Peacemaker.**
"Why. yes." he said. "Go home now.
Last ride over big trail."
The old chief determined that there
should be. no more accidents of that sort,
bo he set out patrols to watch the track
and rolling stock, as though the railroad
had been . their own property, and 'there
wa* no - more trouble while the strike
lasted. .,'.- *' . * V - * ; f* .
X can find 'urn." His ever-ready suejects
were given their Instructions by him and
away {hey all went, . following nobody
knows what clews or. trails, and in a short
time they returned having discovered
every one of the missing pieces where
they had been" burled. \u25a0'
Stenhen T. Gnge is authority for" the
statement that on one occasion the east
bound overland, which was making, up
time, was stopped at a station near Win-
JohnFon Sides Is one of the few Indians
left who helped in the building of the
road, and his stories of early days make
n new style of Indian tales, for he 'was
always tho friend of the whites and Is
proud of his title of "United States Peace
maker," by which he is known among his
tribesmen.-. 1 <
«.iii.-i»- oiHiuorn, CTocxer, Huntington
and Hopkins. -
dlde# put in an appearance, as he always
did when there was any trouble .with the
"iron hcrses.of, the great trail." He was
told of the difficulty, shown what bad
happened and asked if he could help.
"Why. yes," he said, with' the peculiar
Idiom which h* always uses. "Why, yes:
Chief Johnson Sides permission for min
self and his tribesmen to. rltlo upun any
of tho open cars which were run over tho
railroad— permission to rido as far through
their own country as they cared to" go, to
take with them' their children and friend?
and to' make tho trips an often as they
pleased. / It was the blsrscst free p ( i«s that
was ever given out by a railroad and It Is
honored to thla <l«y. although there are
few of the 'original Indiana left who are
entitled to It. Mnitt of them have gone
over tho last trail along \u25a0 with "Great
ward lt» completion. They gave warning
in every case where hostile Indians might
be expected, and did their bent to explain
to them the usclessncss and folly of at
tacking the white men.
• When thfe rail* were laid nnd construc
tion trains commenced running Johnson
Sides and his Indian* voluntarily Resumed
the responsibility cf patrolling the track
to watch for waahouts and landslides.
which were frequent while the roadbed
was new. In return for their services,
which had been of so much value, the
railroad builders in gratitude gave to
dians as a'.c.f. Thty were one ana an
eager for a ride on the swift flying.mon
ster that was to come over the mountain
as soon as its path was ready. He told
them that If they would help in building
the path doubtless the great chle?»
would give them permission to ride. It
wag no sooner suggested than away went
the Indians to distant springs and forests,
whence they returned with fresh water
and fuel for the men in the grading
camps. The entire tribe of Piutes began
to take a personal interest in the railroad
and did everything In their power to for-
menced on the great trail end they saw*
the width of the roadbed that they would
believe a worJ of it. Then they became
enthusiastic. But not so with the build
ers, who saw before them but a sky
bordered desert, 'which was reported to
be bounded by Impassable mountains.
There was little water anil l<?r* wood, ex
cept at great distances from the line of
the road. l
When the trouble was told to the chlsf
he took uDon hlmsel to enlist the In-
Mr. Crocker and Mr. Judah explained to
Jcimson Sides that they were going to
traUd a great trail, which would reach
froa the great waters under the rising
ran to the great waters under the setting
ran, and that on this great trail there
trcTjld travel a monster Iron horse, which
weald drag after it as much load as a
thousand ponlea and travel as swiftly as
tie birds flew through the air. John?on
Bifles had already earned for himself the
title ot "United 6tat<es Peacemaker" and
Jiafl been the friend of the white man on
every occasion. The idea of the great
trail and the irtm horse pleaded him. and
\u25a0when fce was informed that the Iron horse
When Charles Crocker went over the
Sierras iooMng for the easiest way acrcss
the Eocky Mountains, be sent for Chief
Johnson Sides to arrange a sort of treaty
cf peace- with the Indians, who felt them
selves the owners of the soil, despite the
Xact that the United States had gTanled a
right cf way across IV.
Next 10 riding ovtj- tic railroad, he
loves to tell about hx>w he came to he!p
in its construction.
Chief Johnson Sides has Just been tak-
Irg his lart ri<I«» over the "great trail of
the iron h-jr?*" which he helped to build.
If ycu have ever happened to ride
throuph Nevada. 01 the railroad you
must have Nen impressed fcy the fact
that the Indians make themselves very
muds at hf3ie cr. the trains. They swarra
over the platforms cf blind-baggage car*,
or. the rlatforms of the mall and express
ccxs, ar.d en top of box cars and empty
flat cars- Sometimes a freight train puils
Sntc Itcno "with more tons of Indians and
their baggage than it ha? of freight, and
there is tot a c*nt for any of them to pay.
if there Is any pcsslbie excuse for them
to travel they tret Aboard and go until
ibey get tire-J cr come to the limit of the
State-, which ends their pass.
Those were pcIUlc as well as wise moil
\u25a0who darirply start e-i tha: eariy road, even
before New xork and Chicago were con
r.ected by ratL They knew that without
the friondsh:p cf the Indiar.s the task
\u25a0would b*- aJnic.-t ia;r n i i sih!p, and "they be
jran by treating the Indians well and
keeping their word with them— the only
"Indian policy" necessary and the only
one which has ever succeeded.
'It made the old nran ery when h« frart?
\u25bchat had been done for him. H<* cricl
He had come on to San Francisco to see
same of his old Nevada friends and found
them dead and gone. The people In the
railroad offices did not know him. and hu
could not get a pass to return, as he could
when his good friend "Old Chief Hun:
lngton was at the.- helm,
Before the evening of the day that The
Call's article appeared enough money had
been offered to the old man to have takin
him clear across the continent in a palaca
car. and one of hla kind benefactors par
ticularly specified that a. Pullman berth
was to be secured for him if he wished it.
A railroad pass was given him imme
diately that the officials knew who he was
and numerous sums of money were re
fused after he had what he needed for
expenses. \_>_ J V . " '. ' £5>#
nemucca for a washout on a curve over
seven miles away. Johnson Sides had run
the entire distance to give warning. . *.-<
The old chief's greatest achievement in
his own eyes was ope time when be trailed
the pieces of a "killed" engine which had
been ' dismembered " by strikers ' and the
parts buried In different parts of the
hills. Altogether eleven pieces, of < the en
gine were missing and they were all vital
parts, without which it was impossible to
move, it over the rails. The engine stood
there, helpless. The superintendent ami,
engineer could^look at it and see that
and that was all they could do. Johnson
CHIEF JOHNSON SIDES - "UNITED STATES PEACEMAKER."
It was .no' wonder . that the , "Unite!
States Peacemaker" made friends of hu
white" brothers. *;Old Chief. Huntington
was one of his beat and was "always glu.l
to see him whenever the two met. After
Huntiugtdn was left alone as the laat of
the partners nurvlvlng he was especially
fond of "talking over, old times with ths
aged Indian \u25a0 and Johnson Sides mi«3t-.i
him sadly on this last trip to San Fran
cisco. " . " ,
There were other good friends, too. for
they stood the test of time and stood by
him In adversity, which is the only teat
of friendship It is 3eldom that a "harl
luck story" makes much Impression in
these days, but when the account was
recently published in The Call which told
how Johnson Sides was strande 1 In San
Francisco, his friends appeared by the
dczen.
The aged chief, as was explained then.
had brought down a lot of his tribe from
Nevada to work In the Sonoma hep fields.
O\HE bljrgrest free pass ever Issued
j was the one which the builders of
I the Central Pacific gave to John-
I son Sides, chief of the Piute In
di.ins cf Nevada, for himself and
people for life, to ride back and
forth en all except passenger cars as
much as they pleased. It has been a
BO&rce of delight to the Indians to think
that in one case atOcast their paleface
friends showed the gratitude wMca Is so
seldom expressed.
by reason of the great loads which it had
to draw could not climb steep mount alne
he volunteered to go- 'with -Mr. '..Crocker
and show him the easiest passes over the
mountains.
The Indians listened incredulously to
their chiefs stories of what wonders
were going to happen— about a fire-eating
Iron horse that would climb mountains
faster than a rabbit could run and draw
loads, that a thousand horses could ' not
pull, andi it was not until grading , com-
THE SUNDAY , CALL
2veotly pray for her country's , triumph.
Both ber prayers were answered, but In
what an extraordinary manner, when
Count Dlvizxa begged her to Join him.- ,
This the tried to do, but failed. -Broken
In health from the fearful, suspense and
from the contention that had io levic
raged within her. together with the \u25a0ftcrat
tearing away from family, home and
friends, she had never informed. them of.
her love. rPerhapa fear In, the first place;
perhaps— well, who 'can tell what— In tb«
•econd place, had prevented her diicloilng
her secret to even those who were most
dear to her. Women there are who can
talk; freely , of everything ; under tho tun
except the one real, true, genuine lovo
of their lives. \ About that they are dumb.
except with their iubjectlv» «elvct, or
with their other and better selves as they
bo fondly believe. \u25a0 v- ( ••-•\u25a0 „\u25a0 . .* •.
We may speculate as to the cause, but
tho effect* ore within our grasp, and thoy
(art -these:',.. \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0.'..„-. ;'. . > v .,..
. The heroine of this story, arrived In El
Paso on the morning of the day on which,
the Jewels and wealth of Stnor Slsnorna
disappeared. R She was too ! ill to , proct *1
further, and: was ; practically without
money, for this was a love match pur*
end simple. Very reluctantly she telo
jrraphed her lover the condition of affairs.
The message arrived not ten minutes be
fore train" time. No one will ever know
the struggle cf those ten minutes.
But the fact* are that he quietly used
his knowledge 1 of the safe combination.
He as.qu'etly walked through the garden
with his cloak over his arm. But short
as the time was. this gentleman of many
accomplishments used a razor on his
beard, and the man who sat quietly In
the car was a priest, who was reveren
tially saying his beads, with his cloak
thrown negligently around him.
When the detectives came ' searcMssr
through the cars this holy man held his
hand in blessing- above their heads and
they passed on. not dreamin? that the
humble cloak covered the daring robber.
In this way he reached Mcctezuma la
rafety. He was now within sixty rafles
cf all that was dear to him on eaxthw
Just at this polnfChlef of Police Ranee
cf Juarez stepped on the train, as aQ the
ether ofneers had done. He looked] the
train over, received the priest's blessing
end was about to depart, when at oc
curred to him to question the young priest
more closely to see if he had observed a
stranger set on or off the cars. Scarcely
had the Chief put the question waen It
flashed as If by telepathy into his mind
that the man he was searching ftjr sat
before him.' "Without a moment's hesita
tion he accused the priest. >,
In a cool, low voice he acknowledged
that he was the Count Divizza. Then as
coolly he made t'.ie preposition that the
chief take the £5.000 in money and allow
him to continue on to El Paso, as bis busi
ness there meant more than life or death
to nlm. -He said that in a few hours he
would be on his way to San Fcanclsco.
where he would Instantly take passage
for Italy: and as there was no one pres
ent and the train had been so thoroughly
searched there could be no »>3;ible sus
picion of the transaction. He made an
eloquent plea, but thfe chief was unmoved.
H« did his duty according to the law.
marching his prisoner off on the first train
;o the City of Mexico, where tha Count
pleaded guilty to all with, which, he was
charged; told all these details with the ex
ception of bis love. So he was sentenced
to ten yenrs in thje penitentiary. ,
Having confided in his friend be begged
that friend to Instantly see his sweetheart,
bcllovlns that the truth was tax 'better
than suspense. The pcor little woman had
read the' newspaper accounts which paint
ed ner god In the blackest typet - Instead
of sinking under the calamity she - made
the moVt desperate efforts to gat well and
she partially succeeded. She at once se*
about to plan for his release very mud
a«s a mouse might hope to saw the bars o£
;\ lion's cage. She had previously used
her talents In the field of journalism and
already a v half-dozen or more of her sto
rle» had been accepted by Eastern papers.
"Whit was once a matter of pride to her
now became an absolute necessity. Night
and day. she planned and wrote stories,
sending them broadcast from her hot lit
tle room. Sne must have money and she
got it. .„: . -
Ills friend, who was a poor man. took It
and . used : It judiciously, both, to get *»*m '
food that he j could eat and to work . up
public sympathy for him. This has been
accomplished, for an eminent lawyer, who I
thinks the young Count has \u25a0 already suf- ;'
fjwed enough, and supported by the ladles
of .? Mexico, la working hard and fast "for \
a pardon, which It Is firmly, believed. will '
be. granted In the neat future. It will be
given on account of his broken ' health,
which is really in a deplorable
That Is the reason given, but tha Inter
est that Senor Slsneros has \ taken In the
wiatter leads niany^to beUeve that the rta^
«\u25a0 of a itranjte young lady, with a tn,^
•itrlelten face. h av « do ° e »««h to hastwi?
tne paN*°n tUat 1» iur» to come, eoaaldeix 1
in* tbi ladle* who hara the case In hand.
The Tempting of
Count Divizza.
DO yoa know what a manchu Is?
N*o? \Tell. they are Just the
rwcllest of the swell these days.
The Chinese Imperial family used
to be terribly exclusive In every
thlTjp. particularly their clothes. It was
and Is a crime for an ordinary Chinese to
wear the color, make and style of the
royal family. But It Is far from being an
offense for the American girl to wear
them.
And Instead of plastering her hair
closely to her head and wearing the ini
r«rial costume on extra Btate occasions
pfte fluffs and ruffs her hair, clips off her
iSp»it nttiriR grown pnd gets into the loo»#
<:h:nese manchu and curls up on a couch
*x:th a novel and a box of chocolates.
In other words she wears it just the
eame as she would an ordinary wrapper.
vr<r?e still. Fhe could appear outside of
her own room in a pretty, snug fitting tea
eown. but the manchu looks very quei»r
and out of place with stays on. Anyhow it
is more comfortable to get the stiff things
. !T. and so it happens that the newest and
prettiest lounstnK grown has been bor
rowed frcm th* Chinese nation.
They look something like a Japanese ki
mono. In fact, at first glance one might
tay. "what a handsome kimono that It."
Eut there are two prominent differences.
All of them are made high necked. A
higt standing collar that buttons tightly
about the threat is not as comfortable a*
the cool V-shaped Japanese costume, ami
It js no< as picturesque, but thttt part of
it is Chinesey.
Ajram. kimonos button directly down
the front. As a rule they can be folJed
cither one way or the other. Just as the
wearer pleases, but the manchus button
down one side and under the arm. It is
not a question of pleasure, but one of ne
cessity.
They look awfully Oriental: just the
fcrig-hest and the greatest quantity of col
ors that can be conceived; a lavender
lined with pink, royal blue with green,
and all such combinations.
One cf the swellest is a cross between a
preen and a yellow. It is neither cr.*
thing nor the other, but a happy outcome
e>? the two. All thrcugh the silk are lxr£4
round brocaded pieces with Chinese char
acters embroidered In them. Tha border
ts composed cf seven different colors
strapped on one over the other.
First a tiny band cf silver, then a nar
row strip of pink embroidered with (low
«t* and the silver apain. To give a little
tone, a narrow piece of black satin— Just
6 tu«i»lcion— divide* the silver from an
•)th*r pink piece, and then comes the
band of black heavily embroidered
la butterflies and flowers. All colors of
\u25a0;.n* rainbow and several others added be
- --- make it beautiful and fancy.
Tha band runs all about the neck, down
• - front of the skirt and about the bot
• m. On either side the skirt Is slashe.l
ai>oui two feet and the trimmlnc fol
lows up and down. The sleeves are the
- Tvir.s kffalrs that all Chinese parment^
have and the trlmmins is Just the same
m them. The buttons that hold the so»tt
together are nl goid *:id lisht blue an<i the
. r4 that binds them i-; of cold. Taken
altogether they are eery fe*t!v« afTairs
*?.& are extremely elaborate.
Another Is rr.ade of ptsnpkln-colored
hardly a tafT«t-v but soaisthinjr luca
a heavy surah The rair.c effect *.« cirrietl
ihe Tempiihg of
Count Divizza.
Contintifd Frcm ?egj Cn;.
riicitly. crd. :r. f.:ct. 10 every v:\e *bo
knew him.
A trw di>E jias«-e*J at"! the tension ha'l
r jt la th*» lenM re!a;??< l> 'l w^»ri *>~ f :\ n
; oiled i:.t« the deyot. ar.d off stepped
Chief of Police Pon<.«» of Juaivz aad
«'ci-nt Divizza. ;ts rr^ prl«"jn?r. The Count
It oked }U!-t as hun<Jeorr» a* ever, only he
had lost h'.s fcc j vy blonde mustache and
imperial. In a short time the triai tr>mt
on. and such o e<-*r.e ut excitement was
tx»v«t witnessed !n that city. Every teat
\u25a0was filled, the e1it«» packing the sreat
•-•.urthouse to refTcca'lon. The yuuns
Count, towertnjt above the atidler.ee a d s- !
graced and ru'.red rr.an. hut looking far
more Ilk*' a martyr or a hero, told his
story without shame, f«rar cr bravado,
tnd th* etory was J'j*t the same as he
•o:<2 the Bishop and S«.ior Slsneros up to
the of *fc<* Jewels and mon*-y.
K*- was a nobtem&n of Italy, he said,
who had \u25bapt-nt millions in pleasure and
in sscrr-t mlsctaSM t>ir thtr Spanish cause.
On one of thf>sc miss-ton? he came to
Amcrica-to San Francl>co. Thtre, in that
Paris of the Western world, he m<et a—
no, he would r_y no more. Neither fear
cf ptmlffament ror power of persuasion
would cause Mm to eay another word. In
the ho;* of bnngtas out *=om«-th:nc more
tangible he v:*>* t^nt buck to Jail and a
eystem of «!«\u25a0:*:< :i'.\a work resorted to, but
e!1 to r.o purpose. Ev?n hi* lawyer tried
to make him fill in the broken sentente.
fcnd pointto ouS to his client the neee*
nty for Fytrj.ithv. prvi Jtow well disposed
the people w#t : t«i him. that the Blight**!
touch of htxaag natfr** In th*r ca»r uoull
turn Vbe tide :«i hit; Cavot. He ackkowl
\u2666 dse-3 all iba* his lawyer mM. but r^fu>c-J
joj!lUv«'ly to .-jy or.e word more, a^ it
v.ou!d fcctns " •- ra.T.1- r-f .•» inno<.»r.i j>er-
Kjn into qveatScn nun icj.-» tnoic t-otiuw
where thcro weaw ;\u25a0 rea<y t«.o muca. He
ti!on» ttnted !•«« in>u .•::>, U al -nt m::i!t
hear !U Very R!a.ioi>*lv thcaUng his
lawyer, he remitted nlm t«» r^j.i |wr
mleslon for a lrltn<l to ire u! owed '<j cj:II
ou him.
The lawyer ii^d hl.« Infltt^nre at;d wa«
eble to return r.itb the fil»-n«1. Th* fr:cn-J.
ttrange to eay, wma «n Am»r>iii.— a
young phyfclcla-.i, anJ UU» hlmss-lf a Rcnul>
tr. From the iirst tho«o two. trhou peo
ple woiiW expect to !)»r rnczn'.rs. »»-:r
F'rangely drawn to var'.i otoer. In thts
friend he now opened hl>; h»art. «:il, j!ke
&U extremely reticent people, when he
tpokc at all It was to leave r.l« soul qtute
He told his frltnd that in Fan Franneco
i,*> had met a lady with uhrm h*» fell
desperately and irretrievably la iovv ; . This
Jo*-e was fully returned, but fbere w«r«>
fome obstacles to thc!r marrJage »h8t
would require time to remove. Time wan
the one thin* t-iat the lover could not «f
ford. He !ov«H the la<1y of hJn choice,
but h« loved noror more, and that honor
v.a* mortgaged to his sister country—
Epain. •
So the lovers parted on the steamer that
fcore him away through the Golden Gate
v.l; h aa r.zA hearts as human bodies could
nupport and live. Even there, within those
two hearts, was a strife far greater than
the physical ft rife that thin strange man
was about to encounter. Of course, the
question had been put and answered:
"Your country or your lo\*e— which will
you earrffiee7" The sequel give* the en
rwer. Doubtless men will revile her, for
•>he was an American. But women dare
net If they err honest with themselves.
Bo th<i torture rxlated and would not bo
Hilled: for aha, poor *lrl, loved her coun
try. But rh» joved her country's enemy
elao. ond went *llrr.tly back to her borne
la guard her ttcret end fervently pray
tor her lover'* safety, and just M fer-
out In the seven colon, but they, are very
gay and are particularly barbaric; . red
green, purple and all sorts of heathenish
combinations. . The colors . are strapped
with blue. .gold, silver and red. while the
silk Itself" is covered with flowers. Most off
the designs 'are made In a circular plan
and the flowers would make a garden
blush for shame.
The regular Chinese trousers are worn
when the costume Is complete, but few
girls wear them, as they are decidedly too
much trouble. It is far easier to slip them
on over skirts than to take the time and
bother to make the manchu look entirely
at home. Again, the trousers call for Chi
nese shoes, for nothing looks so absurd
as tiny American shoes or" slippers peep
ing out from under the Oriental dress.
One that ts stiff enough to stand alone Is
made of a royal blue. There is no necessity
for a lining and so for a wonder the one
color Is on both sides. The trimmings are
light blue and pink brocaded In silver;
Just dainty, but not such a mixture as tha
majority of them. The silk Is handsonw
enough to dispense with much of the glit
ter. But because it sounds simple do not
&t the idea Into your head that It I»
cheaper than the others. Most people
know the full value of sweet simplicity.
The most gorgeous one of the entire six
Is made of a lavender. A heavy satin,
brocaded, with birds and trees, forms tha
body of the garment. The trimming,
which Is about a foot wide ordinarily,
doubles Itself on the sides and makes a
yoke effect In the tack. The greatest
part of the band Is black satin, the only
other color being a broad sold braid. Tha
flowers and butterflies are of the sold,
but they are In raised work and so show
oft to the best advantage. The buttons
are small sold ones and the straps are of
black; so the entire manchu Is made of
contrasting colors and the effect 13 strik
ingly swell.
Some of them are In very light colors.
A light blue satin makes a most bewitch
ing negligee, tut it takes awfully swell
petticoats to go-with It. The border fa of
pink, embroidered with flowers In natural
colors, then a tiny ptece of silver and a
blue band covered with butterflies in gold.
A low yoke effect In both back and front
Is carried out with the numerous bands,
heedless tc say. the trimming Is the most
striking part of It. unless It U the peculiar
I Ehade of pink that makes a swell llnins.
When the skirt opens on either side and
a suspicion of the pink shows at the bot
tom and at the sleeves th* entire manchtt
presents a gay front.
Ths most serviceable of all Is a red and
preen changeable silk. Running all
through the silk are palms and flowers.
The decoration Is a little out of the or
dinary. The silk is the dark part and the
embroidery the light. The seven bands
are there, and the colors are" exactly as
gay/ but the design is a little different,
too. The dragon shines In all his horrible
eplendor and Is kept within bounds by
black satin straps. This one Is very light
In weight, and there is not very much,
warmth In It, as it Is tmiineiJ. but pride
usually goes a long way toward keeping
people warm when there 13 something
beautiful to shew.
«So If you have anywhere from $50 to $1»
that you don't know" tiow to spend, get a
royal gown and tcke consolation In tha
fact that they are three things — swasser.
becoming and imperial.
raB^STOD AY CAlS
3
AMERICAN GIRLS
ADOPT THE MANCHUS FOR
LOUNGING
ROBES.As Ithers See Us.
Among other similar publications by the
same company is the Cosy Corner Series
—very attractive gift 'books for children
.nt SO tents each. In this list are "Flndel
klnd." by Oulda: "Madam Liberality." by
Juliana Horatla Ewlng; "The Fairy of the
Rhone, by A. Comyns Carr;/'Gatty and
.1." by .Frances E.- Crompton: "A Bad
Perny."-by John T. Wheelright. and "A
Small. Small Child," by E. " Livingston
Prescolt. ... \u25a0. : . * .
"Prince Harold'.' Is a fairy tale by I* F.
Brown that- should prove a great delight
to the children. The story is good and the
Illustrations ' by Aline Wl try : are of just
the sort to please thejlttle ones. Prince
Harold is an interesting little chap of the
romantic fairy tale period. "He has a won
derful series of adventures that are only
equaled by those of his factotum, the
monkey. La wng Tall. (Published by L. C.
Page 4 Co.. Boston. "Price $150.)
'« .Books for the Children.
The chief glory of the publication Is in
Its sixteen color plates which are beautiful
ss oil paintings, and eo minute in their
detail as to reproduce the texture of the
rues and even the traces of wear upon
There are others of the Mohammedans
who follow the letter of the law and
while making no likeness of anything In
heaven abo\'e. or earth beneath, or watcrt>
under tbe earth, still weave in thoir rugs
and khitims soft sensuous colors and
mystical design* which fill their yearning
for art, and even appeal to us of the Weal
who have been surfeited with picture* of
things that are, until we. long for the
rest of the "are not."
"Oriental Rugs" Is a book of which its
owner will be proud. He will loan It only
as a mark of distinction to 'friends. Ac
quaintances will be permitted a gilmpee In
passing. It is large, well bound, v/cll
printed with good big type, wide space be
tween lines, and wld« margins on which
the lover of good books will take the lib
erty accorded to a really good book, and
make marginal notes of his or her own dis
coveries concerning "rugs" and. their
meaning;. The volume is bound 'in stout
canvas of a Csej> anatolian red. tooled
with a color which calls to mind the back
grounds in the rus?s of Iran, and lettered
with the soft ivory. white which one see*
In the rvg of Tcberkess or Teklce. It la a
book which would look well on the center
table, without bearing upon 'its £aee the
Calnm&rk of having been made for that
mlwerable pretentious purpose. . . ' '
But art. Ilk* love, will find a. way. and
the good Mohammedans found two
courses open to them. One was to ouey
th«s letter cf the law and the spirit as
well; confine themselves to wrltlns. but
make 'their chirography so beautiful that
it might be studied as a picture would
be. To this day there* are many of tbis
class who can study a piece of beautiful
Arabic or other handwriting and analyze
It as we would a drawing or painting. To
them the writing master Includes all that
we know as art.
"Thou shall not make unto tbee any
graven image or any likeness of any thing
mat Is in Leaven above or that is in the
.^rth beneath, or that is in the water
under the earth."
Mohacuned coming along some six cen
1 turies after Christ took much of the re
ligion which he had made and all of that
which had come before him and added his
own to it. Among the things which lie
took to mean what it &aid was this about
the making of pictures, and he enjoined
ii most fctnctly upon his followers: for he
was evidently not one of the picture mind
ed himself^ belhg imaginative enough to
£ee a rnents.1 vision of anything whicn
written words described for him.
,f which each little thread that goes
ic comi»o£e the pile nas i>€*n knotted by
!i£Tid arouna two threads of the warp,
ftikf. when one row hvs been done across
tae entire I:n<e of warp, then one or more
threads cf the weft are tnrown througn
uvrf it and i»caten auwn close and hard
by « sort of metal cuinb. after which an
\u25a0 •<iic-r row of knots is tied with the vary
ing colors wlUcb go to make the pattern.
* txtellence cf aye is another iwint o£
binxzforlty. Oniy the natural stains which
aS f fcS long as the fabric itself are used
< .\u25a0; the dyers who are too ignorant of our
taoceru chemical processes to cheat with
i^bantom anilines, whic-a have little more
Wcnnauecce than the fleeting prismatic re
,ifcUotu» cf the coal tar /rum which they
aifc xnaxi*. whea it is spread upon the
*ater. But the base of all th«>ir endur
•int.e Is in the Quality of the wool from
*r..ch they axe woven, and the care used
10 forming it into tllainenis. Instead ol
uelng wrenched and torn by machinery.
,i is careluily combed and spun by hand:
«i method which time lias proven to be the
only way to make fabric which will wear.
So xaucn for the utilitarian view of it.
i-.ot we cannot live entirely upon rood, and
writing* alone are not buffident for the
picture minded people. This Utter clans
«tre particularly unfortunate if they hay
\u25a0j?«n to be born Mohammedans, and so are
compelled to a strict observance of that
..ne of Moses' commandments, which says:
ORIENTAL rugs were first a fad,
then, a fashion; now they are
facts. In them the history of Asia
Is written, the poetry of the East
Is pictured, and Its religions are
emblematized. When they were only
facts those who knew nothing about them
-wwre merely not In the lead: when they
became the fashion the uninitiated were
only behind the times. Now that plain
matter of fact underwriters gravely dis
cuss relative values of rugs for purpose
of tn vln g Insurance on them, and when
prudent and economical housefurnishers
find that they are cheaper than our own
make of carpets, with their patterns,
"mostly hideous" as the Encyclopedia
Brttaanlca eaya it is almost a necessity
to have some means of acquiring knowl
edge concerning them.
It la a strange thing; that an Industry
which occupies much of the epare time of
perhaps five hundred million people
should not until recently have had one
single- book written about it.
John Ktoberley Mumford has this
blank page of WbHography all to him
self, except' for such email eplotches upon
it, aa have been made by a few raaga
rlne articles, and some untranslated for
eign technical work* of the dyer's and
weaver's craft, which would be useless
to the head of a family who wishes to
buy a beautiful and" serviceable floor
covering for the home.
His book. "Oriental Rugs.** was one cf
these uncertainties of which publishers
usually fight sby. It had no precedent.
and according to all good old- rules of
the guild should have been a dead fail
ure. It did not .appeal to the masses. It
(dj neither amusing to the flippant, nor
full of salacious details for' the vulgar.
It lacked the union of fafct and fancy
which make the latest style of novel;
warmed over history, with fiction sauce,
slide down the gullet of popular fancy.
By good luck as well as good manage
ment the deserving book, so carefully
•vritten and Illustrated, succeeded as it
deserved^ and a second Issue was called
for.
It is difficult to explain to a person who
knows nothlug about "rugs" why it is
i^.at they are so much different from any
piece of "carpet which may happen to shed
from the loom. I myself not to many
v-ears ago looked with scorning slight
I;pon a be"<ju«^t of what 1 styled in my
jjnorance at the time, as "a lot of thtlr
..id second-band carpets." But a rug of
'!u Orient: a true, genuine antique, is to
l>e classed rather -with pictures, tapes
irieE. samplers, or hieroglyphic records,
tr-.an with carpets or floor coverings as
«ve know them. Nevertheless, tl vrill
Ox>m the eitcMence of its manufacture
OStvear linoleum, matting, body Brus
t-pis or oilcloth if one is willing to do vlo
c-ac<? to its beauty by putting it down on
a floor to be slogged -with dust clogged
robnails. Of course, the Orientals who
tn««te it intended it to be walked on. but
they take their shoes off upon entering
>h- house and, theretcr*. their ruga b-
ng pressed only by soft-soled sandals,
which are used indoors, v-tar for a cen-
Lury and grow brighter with the frlc
livia and v-ulish which age brings them,
bka all who move in gcxxl society.
i he maiu joints of uifference are these.
i \u25bajiit the oriental rig ts first of all hand
,;.aO. It is a hand-mad* 1 , figured velvet.
"Now comes. Mr. Charles Felton Pidgin
into the n>l<l hlstoricul with his novtl or
praise of Aaron Burr— "Otennerhaacett."
Furthermore. Mr. Pidgin Announces that
he has come to slay *nd IntendM to fight
It out on that line. Although "Blenner-
Blennerhassett.
'There. a>« .coming to. be manr people
V>hq 'are. fo Interested in ru** that Mu-v
•will spend .hours> it "auction; -ialta -which
'happen to have i<.Trao'gT]** k *.p«cirn«ms. and
'inhere. listen to th«{comm#nti» of the auc
tioneer and of-other' purchasers ami sp.-o
tators. To such, as well as to those who
have an equal lnt«r«ctr but lack' the tftna
fur Its gratification. "Oriental Ruics" w|i|
make n present which they will value
,\w|re. a* highly as they would a rug of
the came tost and they will think or th«
book In th.? tame way. for the author haa
treated; his subject /seriously, almost rev.
ercntly.
("Oriental Run." 5V John Ktmbertey
Mumf'inl. Charles 8crlbn»r'« Son*. S-.w
Xork.) 'i : MORRISON PIXLKY. .
Its place in the - growing fabric- which
*r-<.u!d cover the nuptial couch of Its mak
er. I* there anythltiff which would sooner
bring a your.g man to the fo<t of a dark
(py«l IVrslnr^ than to see her weaving her
own weddln? dowry. And whlU sh«
works and dreamo of the glories of :i
brltUI tulir. »hei!5. hurry Ing on Its com
in jr. Marriages ar* early, made by, the
giris who weave- the khlllrns. ' ..
At the pirate* reached the deck Theodoala
\u25a0cra«p«d » cutla>a. Suddenly.* In front of her.
th« haad «if a man appeared, hit hands irraiip
iDtf'thw bulwark. Raising the sword aloft.
Soon nn* of the boats iraehrd the aid* of
tb« "Pairl«t" -.and Ita occupants. ' ann«d with
rutlsMei* arid itlntois. <-ame 'vlambcrlns ovtr
th* bulwarks. Then a ' hand-to-hand light
•naurd. Of t*our>« the Uaiie can easily be
divined.' Tne paMcneert-and erew were poor
ly armed, and no match for toe broad cuttami
ii ad ibt pair, of pUtol*; carried by each of
their ernmlc*. '\u25a0 . ' •,
The small cannon was soon loaded arvi
primed. "Docs any on** know how to Are. It?"
•»kc<l Theodoala. . - . -
, VKo." »iil<l th« captain, ."we never flx* it
exctpt mi tti' Fourth of July, and then I al
ways hire an extra man to take vharce of
It." . - - . • \u25a0\u25a0 •: • .'.' : ".'\u25a0-.\u25a0 '
. *-Th»n 1 will tire It!'*, erltd Thcodoala. With
tb« atfUtance of tlit carp*nt«r and.on* of
iht ptn'UKirf the »un wai.tljthtnl. Theodo
tla touched It <•(» and. a* luck wrouia have it.
th* aim. we* sood.i'- ;"..„, .>.>? ..'_ &~:->>t: :
- 'I tin ball* t truck the ' forward i boat. ' tearing
through It! In rach a way that It soon filled
% lUi water and the pirates \u25a0', we're < oblUnd to
Jurflp from It h»lt»r-»kel«er. " They wer« aoon
picked - ui> by the other boa.ts. which kept on
thtlr way toward "the «jilp. " ; • .i
"I" told ymf It would do no food," rail the
waak-kneM ca^Utn. \.
"It -lisa- aurcly il<>ne no. barm." answered
Theudrsia. "If w« sre to die any way. ' It la
th< Bm time 1 ever fired a cannon an J I feel
qultt proud of my markamanihiD." \u25a0
Then nhf rrltd: j ''Oentleir.fn. arm yrnir-
Miveii with whatever wea:«one you can find.
Where Is t!i* "cnrvenUr?" tie utepTXfd for
warrt. "VJ> will do »vhui we can.'! ah* »*M.
."to def*n<l .ourselves.'"- \u25a0'- \u25a0
"Bui." «<aW Theodcala. - "w«-ian*d!e but
euro, anil ih«y .'can Uo no mere than kill us
If w*- kill aome'nf th#m." , .• -* \u25a0 '. •>
\u25a0•T*V answered ih*'«.ai»t«ln. "th« carpenter
knows where it !».' i«ut whM'i th« u»s?.Kvery
ore of.ua In sure to— ciei't d;ath at their
h-jmh;." . ' •' , *. .
"Uut you h"»v*. n cannon there!"
rxclatnK'l' Tbt<id< ula. ami. ith* pointed to' the
Htm ot tlii 'boat. "Have ypu no ammuni
tion?" '\u25a0 -; ' ' r. ,-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- ' .:
"H will do'no KOtxi,' AnmrtreA tli* captain.
•Whit can, we t\o Hcaln&t rtsty bloodthirsty
pirate*: each fune'cf.thvM' boats hu fifteen
men In It!" ' \u2666 , .
"But." . tried Thtotlooia; -"are w» to mtk«
no restitanc*? Are w« to vtand htre and Mi
low nurselvts to b* taken or kllltd without
one word of rerrirratranee? Are we to make
n<» >ff«rt whatever lo acre our. II veer ';
*"Th« cutforoata '"are cominc" -crl*d"'th«
rsptaln. "and they will -give ua no quarter/
Tay your praj-tw.' far' thfy will not give you
tlmt whe'n.tb«y arsonct on ' board.". V ' •. :
Mr. Pidgin is. absolutely frank" in his
partisanship for Burr. He places his Idol
on the highest pedestal and then takes his
rtcderjup In* a balloon, that Burr may be
Keen ar.d admired while the rest of the
world fades away In the dim perspective
far below. , '•' \ # . • \u25a0•' -.' . " ;\u25a0 .;. , *•
..The- general reader is so'. busy with; his
•own" heroes Bf : the present" day that. It is
doubtful whether he "cares ' very much
whether Aaron Burr is held up In the light
*of angel or .devil. .To', the' masses It Is
Bnfe to predict that "Blennerhnseelt" will
appeal rner*!y as a novel and "as. such it
Is simply, one of many— good enough and
better than the majority of such published
to-day but nothing remarkable. f - .' ' '
V The book Is rather .loose in' construc
tion. If Mr. Pidgin had not occupied him
self so seriously In his effort to raise Burr
and'nmirch President Jefferson and Alex
ander Hamilton he would have written a'
letter story. That tl;V*book U not with
out dramatic Interest. iu shown in the fol
lowing selection: .. • , .
hassett" Is barely cold from the press,
the energetic publishers are already pass
ing word in advance to tne literary 'world
that In 1904 Mr. Pidgin will have ready a
life of Aaron Burr; and further, that two
romantic successors of "Blennerhassett"
will be ready in 1902 and 1903. Mr. Pidgin
says that '.' 'Blennerhassett' is not a de
fence but only the opening argument in
the long/postponed case of the American
people vs. Aaron Hurr."
When Mr. Pidgin comes forth with his
"Life of Aaron Burr" then It Is time
enough to consider his opinions and such
facts as he has to offer In the light of
history.'; At present the reader who does
not take historical novels with a pinch ef
Halt us fat* as facts are concerned has not
been following . that flood of modern
literature. with much care. . . ' '\u25a0.*.\u25a0.'*• '
. changes aa frequently! almost, as the
pattern.^ The women have little money,
bo they must take what they can get in
the way of material. It is pitiful to go
over one of these khillmsrstitch by stitch,
and sea the painful little economies, sav
.ings and 'makeshifts which made ltB con
struction possible: )\u25a0 Here is a- bit of goat
hair- spun for warp; v t here beside It is
, some false, hard. Jarring hempen string
that ; came on . some . package. from §ir
away.V Side by side wlfh:tbe finest wool
in the. best of r colors are strands Bpun
from human ha'.s. • \u25a0. '
Seldom Is a" stripe, commenced with
enough material on hand to finish it. and
whfn the'materlal Is .used then the vhanse
ls shown by the difference in color of the*
dye, and sometimes cotton Is used In nine**
.of wool. Not an Inch .square In a good
khlllm that does not tell Its own story of
hov.- a cherished scrap of wool from some
passing "flock was spun and dyotl to take
souvenirs; for they came from a part of
the world which is r!cb> in history. Wh.en
you stand upon a genuine Oriental rug it
is made perhaps of wool from a sheep
which was nourished by grass that grew
on the site of Babylon or Troy. Per
haps the goat whose gray hair made Its
warp had chewed up roses that grew 'on
Omar's grave, near Nlshapur, or ' wan
dered through the grove that now stands
on the site of the Garden of Eden. Of
course, mementoes are not so much ex
cept In themselves; however,' the pos
sessor of such a rug, which' has in addi
tion been prayed upon by a genuine
Mohammedan, may display It with more
pride than did the returned tourist In
the story, his basket full of noses which
he had knocked from marble statues as
souvenirs of their beauty." \u25a0
Here is the way that the rug weavers
get their wonderful eolers: (
"In the great rug-weaving towns the
dyers ate many, but there Is work for
"The money paid tor artificial age
would secure all these merits In a new
fabric, the amount of service and genuine
••omfort derived 'would prove greater Jn
the end, and as heirlooms— for they will
cutllve the buyer, by generations— they
would be dearer than If they had come
Into the family with what may accurate
ly be calif (l a 'doubtful past.' ,. '
"In any event it in best to recognize
first as well as last that you cannot now
secure desirable Oriental rugs for a sons;.
Even though they should be sold In the
Orient at what- we consider most reason
able prices It must not be forgotten that
the duty upon them Is in per cent ad
valorem and 10 c«nts per square foot
direct. When transportation and ordi
nary business profits of Jobbers are
counted, the foreign fabric - necessarily
calls for a substantial price. Who sells
an Oriental rug very cheap is selling a
very cheap Oriental rug as well.
"There is another value that genuine
rugs have, and that Is as mementoes or
"It may be that your 'antique* wh!ch
you broujht borne yesterday In all the
proud Joy of ownership h««< wlth!n Ita
brl^f twelve months of existence been
made to undergo many proceraes. It may
have been treated with lemon juice and
oxalic ncld, for example, to change Its
flaring r^/ls !ntr» old shades, or with coffee
to give It the yollow of years. Its luster
may be born of clyerlnc. It may have
been ringed with hot Irony. Its hues may
perhaps have been rtulltd with smoke. It
may have been hurled In the ground and
then renovated, ear.d-papered back and
front to give the thinness of old age. and
for the ehcor decrepitude of an almost
*arrr-fl and invaluable antiquity ham
mered and combed at the sides and ends
and on tpots ever Us surface. There is
no end in these devices, and not much
cure for them.
"On tho. whole, it Is to b« w»I| consld
rred whether, with these facts In view,
the wisest cograa in selecting Oriental
rugs for all f*v« most opulent buyers—
the 'collectors'— 1« to abandon the rather
bootless search for genuine antiques and
purchase fabrics confessedly new but
which conform minutely to the highest
standards; whTch have the requisite num
ber of knots tfl the square Inch; the col
ors. ivhl<-li will not run when attacked. by
watrr; the patterns of which are purely
the patterns of the Kast— what may, to
Identify them, be called practical an
tlquefi. ' - ... . : ' ."
New as the rr.gr of the Ori-nt Is- to us.
one will be astonished by Mr. Muraford's
showinc of how the manufacture of them
in Central Asia has been debased by the
introduction of Western methods, dyes
nnd even designs, which would make
Mohammed turn in his grave; for in
stanc. in one case. that of a
life-size Russian officer in uniform
done in aniline dyes. European
and American dealers have taken
their energy . and push with th«nf.
and arc now employing the native wea\|
en to work In their native tos/ns. making
cheap imitations from machine-spun
wools dyed with chemicals and following
patterns which are jumbles of every de
sign used from the Bosphorus to Belu
chistan. These are to supply the demand
for "cheap" rugs. They no more deceive
the careful observer, even if he be with
out technical knowledge, than could an
American be deceived by a flag of his
country bearing twelve stars and four
teen stripes.
Before the course of empire balked and
commenced to back up eastward again,
in controversion of the poet's statement.
the rugs of Asia were genuine, all wool,'
dyed In the wool and struck In the weave
fabrics. Now that the foolish men from
the West have commenced to work their
graft upon the craft' of the wise men from
the Kast they are using every method to
endeavor to make time He fcr them, and
by Kivlnar an appearance of age to the
rugs which their sweat shop system pro
duces make them appear to be antiques
and therefore genuine. Of this Mr. Mum
ford says:
"Out of the years spent In the work
little time has been devoted tb the fanci
ful or- imaginative side of the subject.
Its poesy and romance have in a measure
been accepted as corollaries, assumed as
among the reasons for the book's exist
ence, and therefore perhaps neglected In
the presentation. To those who have al
ready come under the spell of the East
ern Tveaviugs this will not be felt as a
lack. , ...
"What of, color has been distributed
through these pages is cf'more moment
to those who are still groping In the dark
belief that rugs are merely— rugs. If too
little of tlnsent has been employed It Is
because the fabrics themselves, properly
understood, provide It Jn plenty, far better
than can any vocabulary or any thesaurus
of poetic imagery. If' foundation shall
here have been laid for that understand
ing the work wilKhave been well done
and the worker will be centf.nt."
The table of contents, la most books is
dry enouyh.but that In "Oriental Rugs"
sends delicious shivers of delight up and
down the back of the lover of rugs who
is for the first time promised a revelation
of those secrets which he has so often
tried to puzzle out by studying the
sphinx-like rugs themselves, which tell
little more to the unsophisticated than do
the knots In the string which constitutes
an Indian's diary record of his adventures
tell to any but the ont^Tvho tied them.
The chapter headings are as follows:
History. The Rug-Weaving Peoples. Ma
terials. Dyers and Dyes, E>e.«iRn. Weaving",
Classification. - Caucasian. Turkish. Per
sian. Turkoman. Khilims and Indian. A
»=et of tables in the back of the' !>cok
Klves the trade names of all rugs, togeth
er with the kind of knot with which each
\s tied, the color and material of the warp
and weft, the material and length of the
pile. » description of the manner of fln
ishing the sides and ends and the number
of knots to the Inch, both horixontal and
vertical. This is of*gr*at assistance In
enabling one to tell the name of any
given rug. "and also to know whether the
rug in question is true to the require
ments of the "type to which It is sup
posed to belong. . A very complete and
voluminous index, and maps showing the
names jof towns and countries in thtrug
makirig region and from which the rugs
take tb^lr names, complete the book. '
"The volume here presented goes the
first into a field as empty as it is ex
tensive. It is the result of several years*
study, and the author hopes that it will
serve well the purpose which prompted ita
creation.
"The maker of books of this sort is.
after all, only a weaver. The warp and
weft of fact are paramount. These the
writer has sought assiduously wherever
they were to bo found. Including the mys
terious, contradictory East.
that texture. They are so natural that
one yields to a custom of the rug lover,
and passes the hand over them as though
they had In them something <of the feel-
Ing of the rugs which they represent. The
pictures will stand comparison with the
originals, which is a severe test of color
printing. • .
It is but fair In a review of a conscien
tiously written book, which shows labor of
research in Its making, to give some of
the preface, which is the author's own
best words about it. Mr. Mumford says:
"Qalopofty* by ' Tudor Jenks, is a
story of modern child-life, and In telling
It the author h4s done his work well/ All
the characters he Introduces are lovablo
and likable— all but Oudglns, and' his
•'brief hour" Is so brief that we do not
mind him in the least He simply has to
be In the book, for the author's quick
sense of humoi/muit present a foil to the
agreeable people, young and old, that his
vigorous imagination. has. conjured up. So
we are glad to have Gudgins, and Galop
off enjoyed him, too. : . *
It would tm vegy hard to nnd two more
charming JUtle girls than Lola and
Pauline.- Trfey deserve the pleasant sur
roundings Mr. Jenks has given them, and
they deserve Galopoff— was there ever
such another, creature.' as Galopoff, so
amusing and so talented, with a convinc
ing philosophy- 1 and V descriptive j powers
equal to any "demands' upon them? . And
Patrick; how he did 'enjoy catching that
fish— "The fish that' laughed In me face!"
:, The book is a : seYiea of. delightful Inci
dents, and .vivacious ' conversations be
tween: the little girls and tne talking
pony.' (Published .'by; Henry AltemuV
Company,' Philadelphia.; Price* Jl)
Galopoff.
she brouirht It down on one hand, severing
it from his bedy. With a yell of rage be let
go his hold with the ether hand and fell back
Into . tha water. (Published by C. M. Clark
PubllslUBg Company. Boston. Price $150.)
A peculiar Interest attaches to the life
of the first martyr President, which has
been prepared by Silas G. Pratt on a novel
plan. The title of his book is "Lincoln in
Story," and the book presents a most in
teresting biography, composed of stories
told by and about Lincoln. These stories
are arranged chronologically, from child
hood to death and are connected by a lit
tle explanatory, text. , The book is a story
life of Lincoln and it presents In. a brief
and popular form the best of the famous
Lincoln stories, so arranged that they
form- a complete narrative. 'The Interest
of the book tor pldee -as..well.as younge.r
readers. is enhanced By many valuable Il
lustrations. "Lincoln in Story,", which w
to be published shortly by D. Appleton &
Co., seems likely .to gain an Immediate
popularity with general readers, school
libraries and reading circles.
Mrs. Alec Tweedie's new book. "Mexico
as I Saw It." is to appear almost imme
diately. It contains over 100 illustrations
taken on the spot, besides water-color
sketches by the writer. Mexico has proved,
"a splendid field for her pen. . Sh© Journey?
ed astride with an escort of soldiers fcji.
view some of the ancient temples and oth-~
er out-of-the-way places. Mrs.Tweedlo
was present at the latest Aztec excava
tions, which proved to be the richest finds
ever made in Mexico, and she was the
suest of President Diaz, of whom she- has
much to say. Sae - -was also entertained
for a week at a time by various Gover
nors of States In truly old-world courtly
style. A -special chapter on mining and
trad'? and a map «U1 add to the Interest
of the volume, which is being published by
The Macmillan Company. Many readers
will remember Mrs. Tweedie's other, en
tertaining book. which she called.
I "Through Finland In Carts.**
Outlngr contains entertaining- papers for
sportsmen on the ruffed grouse, wood
cock, prairie chicken and wfld turkey
shooting and a very practical article on
"How to Make Duck Decoys and How to
Set Them Out." There is, too, a character
study of the black bear and a reproduc
tion in colors of the oka pi. the newly dis
covered beast of the African forests. A
paper on "The Making: of a Strong; Man."
with some startling photographic illustra
tions, will Interest every man wbo seeks
to Improve his physique. "The Future of
Golf Championships" apropos of tha Am
erican standard of play is a very timely
discussion just now, on the conclusion of
the national-event. "Fox Hunting- in Eng
land" Is written about and most attrac
tively illustrated, and there is a Ken
tucky frontier sketch by John Fox Jr. Th«
difference between American and English;
university athletics is described by a Har
vard man who spent two years at Oxford.
Besides these are other papers of import
ance and Interest, among them the story,
of British experience in yacht designing,
which has evolved the Shamrock. ••
comes to New Tork to seek fame In bis
profession. The author has drawn upon
his own Intimate knowledge of the literary
and art life of the past thirty-five year*.
and gives a vivid and attractive Impres
sion of the "artistic atmosphere" In which
his characters move and which often
seems so full of glamour to the looker-on.
These early chapters . are characterized
by a rare sense of refined humor, and tha
passages of sentiment and pathos are
handled with a certain vigor and manli
ness that have already-done so much to
establish the author's popularity. Each
Installment will have an illustration by
Walter Appleton Clark.
THE SUNDATT GAtlii
Books Seceived.
N1TW EDUCATION READERS— By A.. J.
Demarest and TVilllam M. Van Sickle. Amert
can Book Company. New Tork. 45 cents.
WHEN' .WE DESTROYED THE GASPEE—
By James Otis. Dana Eatea it Co., Boston.
73 cents.
CHATTERBOX— Published by Dana Estes A
Co.. Boston. Board eovers. SI 2S: cloth. Jl 75.
ENGLISH AS SHE IS TAUGHT— By Carolina
B. Le Row. The Century Company., New
York. tl. • -_ -
FIRST ACROSS THE . CONT1NICNT— By
Noah Brooks. ••sCSarles Scribner'a Son*. New
York. SI W.
GLIMPSES OP THE PAX-AMERICAN EX
POSITION—Published by Laird Sc Lee. Chi
cago. .Paper. S cents; doth. 73 cents. - — "
AMOS' JUDD— By J. A. Mitchell. Charles
Bcrlbner's Sons, New York. $1 SO. -'.'\u25a0'
PAPA BOUCHARD— By Molly Elliot Se&well.
Charles Scrtl>ner*s Sons, • New Tork. & SS.
THE LAIRD'S LUCK AND OTHER sire.
SIDE TALES-By A. T. Quiller-Coadu Coarlea
Scrlbner's Sons. New .York. $150.' . ' . ,
* CIRCUMSTANCE— By . S. Weir Mitchell.
The Century Company. New York. Jl &0.
THE WORLD AND WINSTOW— By # Edith
Henrietta Fowler. Dodd. Mead & Co.', New
York. $150.
STORIES OT PIONEER LIFE— By Florence
Bass. D. C. Heath A Co.. Boston. 75 cents. -
DOCAS. THE INDIAN BOY-By Oenevrs,
Slsson Snedden. D. C Heath & Co.. Boston.
SO cents. • '
FRIDTJOF NANSEN— By Jacob B. Bull. D».
C. Heath A Co.. Boston. 60 cents.
: THE KINO OF THE GOLDEN RTVKR—
By John Raskin. D. C HeatJ* A Co.. Boston.
9> cents.: - . : \u25a0 . . ....
WASTE NOT. "WA?^ NOT-By Maria Eds>.
worth. D. C Heath & Co.. Boston. 40 cents.
THE HISTORY OF THE ROBINS— By Mrs.
Trimmer. D. C Heath & Co.. Boston. M
cents.
THE STORY OF A" SHORT LDTE— By Mrs.
Ewlnfr. D. C Heath A' Co.. Boston. SO cents.
THIS DOUBLE PRINCE— By Frank M. Blck
nell." Dana Kstes & Co., Boston. 80 cents."
THE MIRACLES OF THE MISSIONS-By
Arthur T. Pler*on. D.D. Funk & W'agnall*
Co.. New York. • 90 cents. - . • ,
THE WHY OF POVERTY-By . O. H. Hub
bard. The Abbey Press, New York. SI. • >
LOVE AND LIBERTY— By W. C Towaaead.
The Abbey Pre*B. New York, n 50. " . ."
THE PASSING OF MOTHER'S PORTRAIT
—By Roswcll Field. .William S. lord. Evaa
•ton. Ill,
NKW CANTERBURY TALES— By Maurica
Hewlett. The Macmlllaa Company. New York.
$1 ho.
NELSON. THE NEWSBOY— By Horatio Al
ger Jr. The Mention Company. N«w YoTk.
II t9.
A FEARSOME RIDDLE— By Max Ehrmann.
Th* : Bowen-Merrtll Company. Indianapolis.
THE VAN DWELLERS— By Albert Blgelow
Paine. J. F. Taylor & Co.. N«w'York.« »S
cents. ' \
THE GRIP OF THE BOOKMAKER— By
rervy Wult*.' U. F. Fenno A Co.. N»w York.
Jl W. . , . ' , '
! DUPES— By Ethel Watts Mumford. O. P.
l^utnam'a Sons, New York. $t !». - •. •
KIM— By Rudyard Klpllns. Doubleday.
Pag» & Co.. N«w York. M SO.
Literary Notes.
, ,Two hundr-?U i and seventy Illustrations
embellish the \u25a0 *jfToung I Folks'" Cyclopedia
of Literature and Art," i wh!th . wli: very
shortly be lssu« A. This. book is the latest
addition . by J. D. ChampHn to his "series
of ."Young Folks' Cyclopedia*." published
by Henry- Holt A Co. ' The volumes al
ready on the' market ure "Persons and
Places." "Common Thlvsgs" and "'James
and Sports."
A seasonable rtmosphere rises frj,m the
various uspful and valuable features of
the .November Delineator. The - styles
shown arc th>se- of. early winter; the
dressmaking article tells about the mak
ing of coats: the fancy needlework* arti
cle bears upon Thanksgiving and Christ
mas gifts; the crocheting article* - are
those of a winter character; the garden
ing article deals with the pruning and
protection of rose trees throughout the
winter.
D. Appleton & Co.'s October announce
ments Include "The Quiberon Touch," by
Cyrus .Townsend Brady; "The Allen," by
F. F. Montresor; "T^ie ' Apostles of the
Southeast." by Frank T. Bullen: "£$o me
Women I Have Known." by Maarten
Man it ens: "Shipmates," by Morgan Rob
ertson: .•'While Charlie; Was Away," by
Mrs. Poultney Blgelow;- "The Wage of
Character." by . Jullen Gordon: "Other
Worldff," by Gairett P. Servlss;: "Dragons
of the Air." by H. Q. Seeley:< !Th« Most
Famous Loba." by N. K. Blisaett..
Oh October 7 Richard Mansfield opened
his season in Philadelphia with a drama
tized version of "Monsieur • Beaucalre,"
Booth Tnrkington's charming romance.
As one reviewer has said, "this Is too
good a^tory for the mind's eye alone"— at
Uaet Mr. Mansfield has round it so. After
the Philadelphia engagement the attrac
tion 'mill appear In -Boston" and several
Eeatean cities, going to New York on De
cember 2 for an eight weeks' stay at the
Herald Square theater. Later In the sea
son a Western tour will be taken, extend
ing as far a» OaU#* ton. Tex. .
tittle. Brown * Co. announce the publi
cation of "Mistress Brent, a Romance of
l^ord Baltimore's Colony In 163S." by Lucy
M. Thruston: "Lassie." i new book by the
author of "Miss Tooscy's Mission.","Lad
die, ' 1 etc.; Volumes 9-14 inclusive of the
Pocket Balzac; ".'Deafness and Cheerful-^
ness," by Rev. A.. W.- Jackson; a new edi
tion of "Drake's "New, England Legends
and. Folklore." illustrated: ."The Captain
of the- School.", by Edith Robinson. Illus
trated by Alice Barber Stevens; "Mor
gan's Men," by John Preston True,
author of "The Iron Star," etc.. Illus
trated; "Another Flock of Girls." by Nora
Pewy. » n«w edition uniform with "Hops
Bcnham." etc., illustrated by Birch;
"High School Days in "Harbortown." by
Lily F. Wesselhoeft. author or*'Dorls'and
Her Dog Rodney,". etc.. and "Teddy: Her
Daughter," by Anna Chapln Ray. • K
; Mrs.. Afthur ' Stannard (John Strar.^o
Winter)! whose "The Price of a W|f«."
h.*r latest novel. -has just been published
by J. B. Llpplncott A Co., was born In the
ancient city of .York. England, on Janu
ary IS. ISM. and is the only daughter of'
the late Hev.- 'Henry ; yaughan. Palmer,
rector of 8t Margaret's, York, who hi his
early days was an officer. In the Koyai Ar
tillery,' and . had * come - of • a long: line ot
military ancestors. The celebrated actress,
Hannah \ Pr ltchard. to whose memory a
tablet was placed in Westminster Abbey,
close to the bust of Shakespeare, wns his
great-grandmother. ) York, In Mrs. Stan
nard's young days, was a great cavalry
center, a fact .which explains her excep
tional knowledge of the army. Mrs. Stan
nard was married in 1884, and from that'
time has made her home in London, ex
cepting for a few recent 'years passed In
Dieppe.*/ Her. buoyant and attractive per
sonality makes her. extremely popular in
literary • and social circles. - ' .
•',': F. -, Hopklnson \u25a0 Smith's \u25a0 most ambitious
story, '"The- Fortunes ot Oliver Horn," be
gins In th« November Bcrlbner's. It deala
with the career of ; a jrounsr artist who
The peculiar structure of. the kh(llms Is
explained by this. for. they Tare, the only
specimens of the Oriental' weaves which
aro always compleU In any part of them
aelves. As long us the girl is unmarried
she works. The ends of . the warp ,ar«
left rough, po" that more may JBlwuyii bo
spun ( lnto thorn, ond the. weft I Is carried
through' but a few warp 'strands at a
tlma and then returned upon itself. Tho
patterns, being . small, ' are i capablo I of In
finite duplication, and no border Is ever
attempted. The . whole Is typical of \u25a0 the
Incomplete, always .unfinished; yet' .un
bounded life of the unmarried woman. To
carry the* simile further the material
them all. each with his specialty. If a
place »m» blessed with a stream possessed
with the magii: solvent property, upon
which the excellence of Eastern, color*
so largely depmo 1 . the dyehoiiues are
ranged close beside Its bants, for the
quality of water Is even more vital. In
the mixing of dyes thun ft has been
shown to b« In the washim and ieour
in? of wool. The superiority of one water
over another ha? been established, by.
process** continued over generations, and
tests of other waVersfor ,the solution of
Oriental dyes. In tciropcan cltlrtfor.ln-^
stance, have resulted in an utter loss of ,
spirit In the color. ' v • • . . .•:\u25a0
Speaking of the Tcherkess (Circassian)
ruirs Mr. Mumfurd shows bow the West- .
em Invasion Is destroying the Industry.
He says:
"The Tcherkess rujrs are few In Ameri
can and European markets now. and good
reason la found In tho fact that the Tciier
ktsb people as a race, are routed, dissolved,
destroyed. This sturdy, comely and un
principled race, whose women filled the
seraglios, nnd whose men the guards, of
the Turkish Sultans, and* whose long,
fierce struggle against Russian supremacy
amazed Europe, is to-day as a race ex
tlncl. Finding it Impossible to withstand
the Muscovite, almout the whole people,
half a million of them at least, wcrtt out
in one treat wretched exodus from their
native land, vanquished, but bound, not to
serve the lntidels. The two hundred mile*
of country which they had occupied,
stetchins along the Caucacus and to the
shores of the Black Sea; is to-day unpeo
pled save for a tribe or two of mixed Cir
cassian blood, and a handful. of Russian or
German immigrants huddled here and
there. When In 1S64-5-6 these eJclles ca # me
strolling through Anatolia, they were beg
gared, bereft of everything In the way ut
earthly goods, and lived in preiatory fash;
Ion, stealing where chance offered. "With
part of their scant gains they bought
cheap yarns and wove rug« f«r cov«rln|t«.
In the carpets which the vagrants made
there* was small and rude pretense at de
sign. Sometimes, since dyeing Involve*
cost, they wove simply white woo!*n or
cotton yarn. Kven In the . most preten
tious of their fabrics, white areas were
frequent, and the few. tints usod were of
the moet elementary kind. Hues of this
t>ort niter Into the Constantinople markets
nowadays."
It is owing to the fact that Russia.
Germany and Kngland. all have predatory
railroads running. Into the rug countries,'
that rugs are now so plentiful and 'cheap.
It is the accumulation of heirlooms which
has l>eon handed down for generation*. bn>
ing captured, bought or bartered from
thefr possessors. Irr return they are ro
ceiving our machine made -fabrics, and
worce yet, our fashions. _ It Is a repeti
tion of the time when the* Navajos would
I rmlo their blankets, colored with vege
table dyes. In. return for the cast-off coat
\u25a0of. a soldier. The coat of the soldier, they
saw w:i» of finer weave than their own
cloth. Its bright buttons sealed thV bar
gain. Tho coatwas worth one dollar and:
a half. The blanket would now easily
bring one hundred and fifty dollars. Tho
Navajos have ! now . learned to use I our
dyes, and even buy Cermantown yarns
and weave them up. The old blankets are
made no more. * . *v . *
With all the Ifhernl. size of Mumford's
book it can but hint at the wealth < of
romance In the rugs pf Asia. . .
In the one word "khlllms"- there is a
string of suggestions that 5 might /take
chapters for their elaboration. In them
are woven tho> Idle fancies of maidens
fancy free, for most of them-ar* j made
as dowries J>y the unmarried girls. Like
Tennyson's^ady of Shiklbtt— .,-'., '-'
There »he w«av«s by nljht and day
A music web with. colors. cay. • • ' •-
She hath no lny'«! knight and true—' \u25a0 <
The I^ady of Shtlott; ;> -.-•;}.
Dut In her web sht \u25a0UlldfllaiiU > . '. ,.i
. To weave the mirror's maflo: sights.- • ; ; <
John ' K* rpbe^ey
Percy Vere ( J. . T. • Huddle) calls his
latest book "As Ithers See Us." In this
work be- endeavors to give us a glimpse
of ourselves, or in other words .to point
out the oddities and peculiarities of peo
ple in different spheres of life. To do
this he presents a~ series of short essays
under such head* as "Obstinacy," "Self-
Control." "Dissipation." "Immobility."
etc.. so that the. reader can turn to some
heading that seems to nt his case and
receive* the proper advice. Under such
headings it is an easy matter for any one
to moralize and the author does not rise
above . the ordinary. If one can keep
from . falling asleep he might * finish the
book in time. (Published by The Abbey
Press, New* York. Price SI.)
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
. "WORTH KEAOING.* . •.
FOR^THE BLUE
AND GOLD
A Talt of Lifo at the Uniiniiiiy of
, - . California. * " .' v ,"
By JOY LICMTENSTEIN
v '.*.'- . '.$1*50 Nit
••A> rattllne good atory of undararad-
uat* ' ll(«. >ta work \u25a0 and - its play. Thar*
arc acor** of healthy, plucky, run-loving,
sturdy young Americans who k«m tn* '
Interest at a clow from start to amah.
It is a bock that ahouM b* read by alt .
coll»-*« graduate*, by alt In voltec*. aa4 '
by thoM inttndtnc to enter voiiefa.** $ -
—N«w Orleans Plca>iiaa,
hi M. r ROBERTSOIi« Prtiistw; ".^
\u25a0 \u25a0 .": JSO^Po^t^Strcott 1 ;- '"^
*. *' " ' San Francisco. Cal.
I D'RI AND | i
M By IRVINO aiOHILLIR Autkkr ef EBEN HOLDEN K
S Hon. JQHN HAY g
Ak (Secretary of Stato) tayc wta
jw " It is a moit vivid. and engrossing story, woitb telling and well told.", jfj
a Hon. CEORCE P. HOAR K
JH •• (U. S. Senator) saya. BJ
58 " I have reed it with greet pleasure «nd approval Your pictures K
fB of the, Yankee countt ymen of the elder generation have nothing of SI
(51 exaggeration or caiicatuie in them- 1 war-born *and bred among S f
Jb such people in old Conrord" " \u25a0'.. ,.'_*.- ' l&
i EBEN HOLDEN I
« 265 THOUSAND |
« THt INTERIOR "y» - • . K
S "THt LORNA OOONE OP AMERICAN FICTION." tfl
§ Rtv.T.DcWITT TAJLMAGEs»ys: g
j3j '"D'ri and 1' in a rare book.'iiT styTe vivid, in thought elevated. It« jB
fW ' Influence will be healthful. . ' ' ," •, ' fV.-: " '< BA
vR " I wish every young man and woman might read it for. the lesion ofijts jig
JBt love motive. It makes you jet cleat ly the difference between true and vD
VB false love . you feel the peril of the one. the beauty of the other. AU fir
fl who are approaching that Ru*pitme moment upon a word may ctyinge &A
5b thtir deatiny for good or evil, may get wisdom out of this book." INF-
9 NEW YORK TINTES 9 a >5 S
9m ' " D'ri* * mighty hunter, has the same dry huroor as Eb. He CK
\SL figHU ntfifniftcently on the Laurence, and both he and Ramon. R|
He were among the wounded when Pet ry. vent to the Nlfgara. Mr. SIS
«K ' Bacheilir describes the scene, .the furfom, courage of'fhe men, «o 19
fSt we»k with wounds that they wept, yet cheirin*' and ittaQtln* irt k, f9k
Oi delirium of patriotism, and the paniage settles once) (or* pA i)x* Wm
. JS question as to whether or hot he can- produce Jt rue literature. 1 ! r .' -"; IK'
I D'RI AND I I
4 3d ' .\u25a0 ' ' '- " f .-- '"' \u25a0•' '"'.'\u25a0 '"'\u25a0,"' ' ..-./\u25a0 '" \u25a0•' '"- \u25a0-" *\u25a0 ' ' -• ~'i * -."."'-' '» ''.'''-, ' '•. '.«">.'- f^am
\u25a0 S LOTHROP PUl^LTfrHINO COMPANY, JBO8TON 8CHAPTER IV.
THE INVITATION EXTENDED. <
They were called by the porter early the
next morning. The train was pulling into
Washington, five hours late. ' Grenfall
wondered, as he dressed, whether, fortune
would permit him to see much of her dur
ing her brief day in the capital. He
dreamed of a drive over tha avenues, a
trip to the monument, a visit to tha halls
of Congress, an Inspection of public build-
Ings, a dinner at his mother's home,
luncheon at the Ebbitt and other atten
tions which might give to htm every mo
ment of her day in Washington. , But even
as he dreamed he - was . certain that his
hopes could not be gratified.
After the train had coma to a standstill
he could hear, the rustle of, her garments
in' tbe nest, 'compartment. * Then he
heard her sweep . Into the - passage,
greet her uncle and aunt, utter a -few
commands to the maid, and. while- he was
adjusting his collar and necktie, puss from
the car. - No man ever made quicker time
In dressing than - did Lorry. She could
hardly have believed \u25a0 him Ideal had she
seen his scowling face or heard the words
that hissed through his impatient teeth.
"She'll get away.' and that'll be the end
of- it," he growled, selling his traps ur.il
rushing from the train two minutes after
her departure. Tbe porter attempted to
relieve him of his bags on the platform,
but he brushed hip aside and was off to
ward the station. ' V
"Nice time. for you to call a man, Vou.
Idiot,"' was his parting shot for. tha por
ter, forgetting, of . course, that tha for
eigners had been called at the same time.
With eyes intent on the crowd ahead; ha
plunged along, seeing nobody In his disap
pointed flight. "1*11 never forgive myself
if I, miss her." he was walling to himself.
She was not- to be seen In the waiting
rooms, SO he rushed to the sidewalk.
"Baggage transferred?" . };*
slrr" _' .' . . v > . -' ' . : ' ' , \'
(Continued next w»*k,)
not feel happy If she did- not respect the
' pain."
"And encourage It," supplemented Lor
ry drily. "If you do not remind me occa
sionally that I am hurt, Miss Guggens
locker. I am liable to forget it." To him
self he added: "I'll never learn how to
say It In one breath." •»
"If I were not so soon to part from you
I should be your physician and. like atl
physicians,, prolong your ailment Inter
minably." she said, prettily.- \u25a0' . -•
"To my deepest satisfaction." he said
.'warmly., riot lightly. There was 'nothing
further from his mind .than servile flat—
i tery, as \ his rejoinder might Imply.
"Alas," he went on. "we no sooner meet"
thnn we part. May I ask when you are
to sail?" •
; "On Thursday," replied Mr. Guggens
locker. - ' ' .'
, ; "On the Kaiser Wllhelm der Qrosse."
added, his niece, a faraway . look coming
Into her eyes. y} .. .
"We are to stool off one. day. to-mor
row. In Washington." paid. Aunt Yvonne,'
and : the jump that Lorry's heart -gave
was so mighty: that -he was afraid they
could *ph it In his face. .... . 1 ,,
"My' uncle has some business to' trans-'
\u25a0 act jo your city,, Mr. Lorry. ...We' are to"
spend to-morrow, there and .Wednesday In ]
New York. .Then 'we «ail.; Acl»;how I
- long for Thursday/' / His heart . sank llko
load to tho depths from which It had
sprung. It required no effort pn his part
- to, see that -he was nlone In his Infatua
tion. . Thursdny was more to her" than his
existence.; she could forgetjilm and think
_*of Thursday." arid 'when she thought of
'Thursday.'- the future.' he was but a thing;
""of the. past, not even of the present. . . ,
% VHavo • you ul waj i Uved In i Washing-
tols. i Jf the train left beforo you arrived
It would be without its conductor. In the
meantime, your Aunt Yvonne was plead
ing with the wretch. 1 hastened back to
hi« Dido with my pistols In my pocket.
It. was then that I told him to start his
train If he dared. That man will never
know how close he was to death. One
minute passed, and he coolly announced
that - hut one minute was left.* I had
made up my mind to give him one of my
pIstnlH when the tlmo wus up and to tell
him to defend himself. It was not to be a
duel, for there was nothing regular about
It. It was only a question as to whether
the train should move. Then came the
•Hound: of currluge wheels and galloping
horses. "Almost before we. knew -It you
wore with \it. " I am' so happy that you
wcie not a minute later."
There wan something no cool and grim
in the quiet. voice, something so deter
mined in those brilliant eyes, that Gren
fall f,elt like looking up the conductor to
congratulate him. Tho dinner wtA
served, and- while It was belns discussed
his fair companion of the drive graphi
cally described the experience of twenty
ctrange minutes In a shackle-down moun
tain coach. He was surprised to V 4 that
\u25a0he omitted no' part, not even .", hand
clasp or the manner in which i\w clung
to him. Ills cars burned as he listened
to this i frank. confesuion. \u25a0 for he expected
to hoar words of disapproval; from
the uncle and aunt. ,\u25a0 His astonish*
merit, , was • Increased' by their. utter dis
regard "• of : :: thesa g rather peculiar de
tails. . It \u25a0was then that ' he . realized how
trut.tlrig Hire had '-.[ been; how serenely
unconscious M>f Mni tender and ". sudden
passion. ; f AnB S had she .told her relatives
that ' she " had ;'. kissed' him '. he .> firmly be
llcvcd they wyuld have amllcd approving-
"It is quite an ugf/ cu'," said Unsle Caspar, cn'.icoUj. "Dobs it pain you, sir?"
Aunt Ivonne studiously Inrpected her bill
of fare. "No matter what you call a ro*«\
•t Jh elways sweet," Jie added, meaningly;
At this she. laughed good-naturedly, lie
marveled at her white teeth and.'red'llpii.
Arose, after ail. Guggenslocker. rose;
rose, not OuKgcnslocker. No.no! A roye
only! He lant-icd he caught a sly look of
triumph In her uncle's swift glance to
ward her. Dut Uncle Caspar was not a
row— lie wan Guggcnslockcr. Cuggen
fclocker—butcher! Still, he did not look
the part— no. indeed. That extraordinary
man a butcher, a gardener, a— and Aunt
Yvonne? Yet «hey were Guggcnslockers.
"Here Is the waiter," the girl observed,
to his relief, i "I am famished after my
pleasant drive. It was so bracing, was It
not Mr. Grcrifall Lorry?"
"Give me a mountain ride always as an
apjietlrer." he »ald. obligingly, and so
ended the jest about a name.
The orders for the dinner were given
a r.d the. <juarlet oatiback in thc-lr chairs
to await the coming of the coup. Gren
fall was »tlll wondering how uhe had
learned his name, and wjih on the point
of .ir.kinx fcev«.ral times during the con
ventivnal discussion of the weather, the
train and the mountains. He consider
ately refrained; however, unwilling to crn
lj.-irr.i5H her.
"Aunt Yvonne tells me she never ex
pected to ere me alive after the utation
agent ttlcgraphed- that we were coming
overland In thtt awful old carriage. The
nr.trw. at P nays It Is a dangerous
road, at the very ».<lge of the mountain.
lit al««o Increased the composuro of my
uncle and aunt by telling them that a
wagon rolled off yesterday, killing a man,
two \u25a0women and two horses. Dear Aunt
Yvonne, how troubled you must have
been."
"I'll confess there were times when I
thought we were rolling down the moun
tain." said Lorry, with a relieved shake
of the head.'
"Sjmotlmcs T thought we were soaring
through Bpace, whether upward or down
ward. I could njt tell. We never tailed to
come to earth, though, - did V we?" she
laughingly itgked.
"Emphatically! Earth and ! a little
KTlef." he bald, putting his band to hid
head.' • . • . , . -
"Docs It pain you?" she asked, quickly.
VKol In the least. I was merely feeling
very much perturbed.
"I think he was afraid you would," said
Lorry.
"He should have no frur. } could not
mfet a railroad conductor. Will you
plcaeo tell him I could not no condescend'/
ilesldeff, dueling is murder In your coun
try. I nm told."
"It usually Im. nlr. Much more bo than
la Europe." The others looked at him
Inquiringly. "I mean *thnt In Anjerlca
when two men pull their revolvers and
go to shooting at each other some one Is
killed— frequently both. In Europe, as I
understand it, a scratch with a sword
ends the combat."
"You ha%'e been misinformed." ex
claimed Uncle Caspar, his eyebrows ele
vated.
"Why, Uncle Caspar has fought more
duels than he can count," cried the girl,
proudly.
"And hns he slain his man every time?'*
asked Grenfall, smilingly, glunclng from
one to the other. Aunt Yvronne shot a re
proving look at the girl, whose faccpnled
Instantly, her eyes going quickly In af
fright to the. face of her uncle.
••God!" Lorry heard tho old gentleman
mutter. Ho w;is looking at hls'blll of
fare, but <hl«i eyes were tlxcd and Muring,
The card was crumplcVl between the lonr.
bony fingers. The American realized that
a forbidden topic had bct:n touched upon.
"He has fought and he has shUn," ho
thought 1 as quick. as a Hash. "He ts no
butcher, no gardener, no cobbler. That's
certain!','
"Tell us, Uncle Caspar, what you said
to the conductor," cried the young-. lady,
nervously.
, "Tell .them, Caspar, how alarmed we
were,", added \u25a0oft-voiced 'Aunt Yvronne.
G re n fall was a silent. Interested spectator.
He somehow felt as if a scene from some
tragedy had been reproduced In that
briefest of moments. Calmly : and 'com
pusediy. a half smile, now in his face, the
soldierly Caspar narrated the story off the
train's run from one station to the other.
"Wejdld not miss you until we had,al
most reached tho' other atatlon. Then your
Aunt Yvronne asked me where you hud
gone. I told her I had not seen you, but
went Into the coach ahead to search.. You
were- not , there. ,' Then I- went on to the
dining fur. Ach, you were not 'there.
In alarm' I returned to our car. Your
"'No. For heaven's sake, what have
you heard?' I cried.
" 'Then *h« has been left at O— — ,'
he exclaimed, and! used some very extra
ordinary American words. •
"I then informed him that h« should
run back for you. first learning that you
were nlive and well. .He said he would
be. damned if he \yould— pardon tho word,
ladles. lie -»vas very angry, and said he
would glvft orders to go ahoiid. but I toltl
him I would 'demand restitution of his
Government. . He laughed In my. face,
and then 1 became shu.melc.s4ly anrrry. I
eald to hint :
" 'Sir, I shall call you down— not out. as
you have said— and I shall run you :
through the mill.* /
"That was good American talk, air, was
it not, Mr. Lorry 7 1 wanted him to un
derstand me. so I tried to use your very
bcst.lunguugc. Some gentlemen who are
traveling .on this train and some very
excellent; ladles also joined In tho de
mand that the train bo held.' HI* <ils
putc-h from O suld that you, Mr.
Lorry, Insisted : on. having It held • for
twenty minutes." The conductor insulted
you. »lr, by wuylngr that you had more—
nh, what l» 1 1 V — gall than any idiot, he
had ever seen. When he said that,. «!•
though I did not fully understand that
It was a reflection on you, ho Ignorant
am I of your language, I took occasion
to tell him that you were a gentleman
and a< friend of mine. He asked me your
name, but as I did not 1 know It, I could
only tell him that he would learn U soon
enough. Then he said. something which
has puzzled him over since. He . told -me
to close my face. What did he mean by
that, - Mr.. Lorry?" ,',; .. t v .
''Well, Mr. Guggenslocker; that means
In refined American, 'stop talking-,'" said
Lorry," controlling a desire to shout.' . , '. .
"Ach, that; accounts for: his surprise
when I talked louder \u25a0 and faster than
ever. I did not know what he meant. He
eaJd ; positively.* he' would not wait.' but
just then jv Hccond meti*age came.<frohv
I ho other station. 1 did not know, what
it- wus then, but a; gentleman told me
that It. Instructed him to. hold tho train
If he wanted to hold his Job. Job ts ultu
atlon.vU ltnot?;.Well,' when-he read that
message he .'said -' h« ". would,* wait it just
twe.nty minutes. ;I askedjhlm to tell, me
how you were coming to us, but h« r§-
ton. Mr. Lorry?" asked Mrs. Guggecs*
locker.' • •
"All my life." he replied, wishing at that
moment that he was homeless and free to
chcose for himself. %
"You Americans live' In one city and
then in another." she said. "Now, in our
country generation after generation lives
and dies- in one town. We are not migra
tory." - . .
"Mr. Lorry has offended us by not
knowing, where Graustark is located on
the maD," cried the young lady, and ha
could - see the flash of resentment in her
eyes. \u25a0 ...
"Why. my dear sir, Graustark Is In
— "began Uncle Caspar, but she check
ed him instantly. \u25a0 "
"Uncle Caspar, you are not to tell him.
I have recommended that he study geog
raphy and discover us for himself.' He
should be "ashamed of hla ignorance.**.
He wa« not ashamed, but he mentally
vowed that before he was a day older he
would iind Graustark on the map and
would stock his negligent brain with all
that history -and the encyclopedia -had to
say of the unknown land. Her undo
laughed arid, to Lorry's disappointment,
obeyed»the youn: lady's command. -;\u25a0
"Shall I study the map of Europe. A3ia
or Africa?" asked he, and they laughed.
"Study the map of the world." said Miss
Guggenslocker proudly. <•. \u25a0 '
"Edelweiss 13 the capital T*-'
"Yes. our home city— the/"queen of tha
crags." cried she. "You should see Edel
weiss. Mr. Lorry. . . is 6f the mountain,
the ?!ain and the sky. • 'There are home3
in the valley, homes on the mountain eido
and homes in the clouds."
"And ' yours? From what you say . It
must bq above fhe clouds— in- heaven."
"We are farthest from the clouds, for
we live in the green valk-y. shaded by
th<2- white topped mountains. VVe may. !n
Edelweiss, have what climate we wilL.
Doctors (io net send us on Ions journeys
for our health. They tell us to move up
or down the mountain. We fcave balmy
spring, glorious summer, refreshing au
tumn and chilly winter, just as we like/'
"Ideal! 1 think you must be pretty well
towuiii the south. You couid not have
JuSy. and January if you were far north."
"True; yet- we have January in Juiy.
Study yocr map. We are discernible to
the nakeu eye." she said, half ironically. .
"J :c.Ti: not if there are but three in
habitants of Graustark, all to!d. It la cer
tainly worthy of a position on any map."
said Lorry, gallantly: and bis listeners
applauded \uth patriotic appreciation.
"Uy ir.e way. Mr. Gus— Gussenslocker.
you say the conductor asked you for my
name and you did not know It. May I
ask how you learned It later on?'v Hla
curiosity got the belter cf him and his
courage was Increased by the champagne .
the o!u gentleman hail -ordered.
"I did not know your name until my
r.Jcci told ft to me after your arrival In
the carriage." said Uncla Caspar. ' •
"I don't remember giving It to Miss
Gugsens!ockcr at any time." said Lorry. •
"Vou »rc7e not my Informant." she said,
demurely.
"Surety you did not guess It?"
'Oh. no. indeed. I" am no mind-reader."
° "My own name was the last thing you
ccuid have read in my mind, in that
event, for 1 have not thcujht of It In
Ihrea c!aj s."
Hhe was sitting with her elbows on the
table, her chin in her hand-, a dreamy
look In her blue eyes.
"You say you obtained that coin from
the porter" on the Denver train?" ' - !
"Within two hours after 1 «jot aboard."'"
"Well, that coin purchased your name
for rne." she said, calmly, candidly. . He
gasped. ' , .-.'
"You— you don*t ; mean that you— ". he'
£ts»mmerfd. - • :
"You see. Mr- Lorry. I Tvanted to know .
the name of. a man who came nearest.
my ideal cf what an American should be.
As soon as I saw you I knew that you
were the " American as I. had. grown to
know h'.ni through the books— big. strong,
bold '.and comely. That Is why I bought
your r.atr.e cf the porter. I shall always
Fay that I know the name of an ideal
American— Grenfall Lorry." •.
The ideal American was not unmoved.
He was in a fever of feas and happiness
fear because he thought she was jcstin.sr, ,
happiness because he hoped she was not.
He laughed awkwardly, absolutely unabla
to express himself in word*. Her frank
statement staggered him almost beyond
the power of recovery. There was joy
In the knowledge that she had been at
trsctcd to him at first Sight, but there was
bitterness In the thought that he had
come to her notice as a sort of specimen.
the nnme of which she bod sought as a
botanist would look fur the name of an
unknown flower.
"I— I am honored," he at last managed
to say. his eyes gleaming v.Hh embarrass
ment. "I trust you have not found your
first judgment a faulty one." He felt
very foolish after this flat»remark.
"1 have remembered your name." she
said, graciously. His heart swelled.
"There are a great many better Amer
icans than I." he said. • "Your forget our
President and our statesmen."
"I thought they were mere politicians."
Grenfall Lorry, idealized, retired to Bis
berth that night, his head whirling with
the emotions inspired by this strange,
teautif ul . woman. ! How lovely, how
charming, how naive, how queenly, how
Indifferent, how warm, how cold— how
everything that puzzled him was she. Hia .
last waking thought was:
"Guggenslocker!" An angel with a nam»
like that!" . ' "•
why she was jvvlvlnc a topic on.ee aban
doned: His confusion was increased. Her
uncle and aunt; were regarding him caim
ly—expectantly! he imagined.
"I— 1 have no ambition, to be a novel
writer." he said, "so I have not- made a
study of heroines."
"But you would have an Ideal," she
persisted.
"I'm t-ure I— I , don't— that Is, she would
not necessarily be a heroine. Unless, of
.course. It would requite .heroism to pose
as nn h'cal t r such n pro=!a fellow as I."
"To bcRin with, you would call her
Olnrafcel MoriTrose or something equally
as impossible. Vou know the name of a
heroine" In a novel must be euphonious.
That Is an cxa-.linp rule." It was an open
taunt, and he eould see that she was en-
Joylns his discomfiture. It aroused his in
donation am! his wits. /
"1 woul<! t'.rst jrlve my hero a dlstin
puished name. No matter what the hero-
ine's name mi.tht be— pretty or otherwise
—1 could easily change It to his !n the
last chapter." S^ie flushed beneath his
now blight, keen eyes and the ready.
though unexpected retort. Uncle Caspar
placed his napkin to his lips and coughed.
Synopsis.
Tr^nf*!! l>orry. a yruns man ef wealth «ml
T""s«tion. wlitie traveling «n the Denver Ex
rrrs-s tmr his interest suddenly awakened It>
\u25a0 remarkably attractive youtig woman who i»
v tVi her uncle end aunt. He is puzzling hi.«
l-u»(n tcr a way t-« make hoi- acquaintance •
«iii-n tho opportunity offers itself by the \r:\\:\
• rci.'.entally Vavtmr tliem both in a Mnall town
-r tl-.c mountain district. Lorry wires alirau
and by hlrinj: a te*m manages, after a roman
tic rirl\e, to catch the train at the next rti
tion. «
OH. that's all richt. Let's he off."
cried Lorry. •"lw bad fallen soir.s
distance behind his late companion
and her uncle. Hurrying after them
h« reached her side in time to assist her*
in mounting the car Fteps. *
"Thank you." smilmrr down upon him
bewttching'y. At tho top cf the' steps
fhe was met by her ai'.nt. behind whom
s-itw-'d the anxious man-servant and the*
mi!<1. Into tho ooaih she was drawn by
The relieved cLi lady. v,hn was critically
Inspecting ber persona! appearance when
Lorry ard the f«-re:cncr petered.
"Ach. It v.-as f.-> iviKi and t xhilar.ilinc.
Aunt Vvor.no."" the Rirl wac saying, her
ryes srnrk'ir.p. She stood Viralphl and
r.rm. her eh!n In the air. her hands in
these rf hrr aunt. The Mule iravelinr
caj» wr.s tin the side of bcr lie.id. hrr
hair was loose ard \rrj" mu.'h awry,
strar.u? straying here, curls bl.-.wins th?r<?
in utter cnrsfusion. L-.-rry fairly sft*p?«i
•Kiili auir.iiatif ti for ;*ie loveliness 'that
Ktm!d iw be vanquished.
"W> eane like the v.-in-i! 1 sh.i!! never,
never f-rset it.*" she s;i!«l.
"Eut hoiv could yru have remiined
there. chilJ? 1>!l me how It happsned.
We have been frar.tlo," said her .—. vnit.
*:.ilf in Krg-lisJ-.. half in Keraaan.
"Net now, tlenr Aur.t Yvrn:ie. £e? my
hair! WhJt a fright 1 must bo! Kortu
r.a'.c rr.a:!. yrrct h-iir cantit-t bo s-i unruly
a ; mine. Oh' ' Tho rxrtara*t>*n was one
rt nlsrm. In an insia:;t sbt? was at h!s
s: >. peering with terrified eyes at t".i<*
Kcodstaliu <-n his neck 2.r».l f»<**>. "It is
Mood! You are hurt: t":-«Ie Ca-twr.
iicanck— quick: Attrad him! Com* to
ray rooxa at cvxt. Vou ;.re EuTCering.
:::r.na. inJ bar.<iaces' "
She drn:;pe«i h!ni to the df>or of her
section before lie t-rviid interpose a re
mc nftrmce.
\u25a0 It is mrth'nff— a rrere scratch. Bumped
rr.v bead a=-i:jst the =!de of the coach.
r:cas«- den' i worry al«»ut it; 1 can take
care for r-:y?elf. rtc.:ily. It doesn't "
Em It dees! It l:as bled terribly. Sit
thereJ Xow. Hetirick." some
Hedr'.i..; nifhed eft ar.«t Tias back tn a
!:\u25a0 r.:ent with a Vasln «f xiater. a spor. 1 ;*
z.i.C a to-»rl. or.<1 before Grer.fall fully
J ter -what vs< happening- «he iran-str
- jr.: tv£? tatblus his hc^d. the others
Iconics '.n aaxjously. the youn? ia'iy ap
prerjer.sik*",:.. her hands claspei before
he* as she >cns over to in^r****. x^s wwond
Lt-ovt his ear.
It is cjui*" an ugly cut. " ?aid t'ncle
Caspar, critically. "Does it pain you.
"Oh. not a ?rreat dea.1." ars^Tre<5 L.orr>".
r'o^ins his eyes oomlcrtabiy. It .was all
very pleasant, h* thcucht.
•"Shcuid it r.o: have stitcher. Uncle Csls
pcrT' k^ked t K .t mreet. eager voice.
""I ihirsk not. The flow Is stanched. If
the gentleman w.:!! al!otv licdrlck to trim
xhe hair away for a piaster and then
tandage it I think the wound will pive
h:ai no trot;bTe." The rid man spoke
tiowly and in v^ry root! IZnpilsh.
"R.car>. rr.c'.e. is it net ko'I-^us?"
"No, no." intr rrvjscd Grenfall Lorry. "I
kr?*7 i» i-i? a. trifle. Vou cannot break
:.r. Americans head. I-et m«- go to my
ova section an<3 I'll be rtaejy to present
ny?ell. as poo<J r? n" 1 *-. fr. t<rr. minutes."
"Tcu must let Hedriek bindace yo«r
h'ai." she ir.?i?*e<l- "Go him. He
< rick."
Grer.fail arose ar.d starred toward his
Eection. foU^Tved by He^rJck
"I trust y.-.-j ver^ not hurt durtn; that
r^cktess r*<i*»." he «ai^ more as- a ques
von. stcpt'in? in the aisle to look, back
a- h^r
*I should have be>cn a mass of bruises,
z' + lies crd lump? had it rot b*-en for one
thing." she said, a fslnt f.ush cortilnc to
her cheek, clthouch her eye* looked un
'altering!:.' tnto hi?. "VSH you join us in
the dinlns car? I have a p'.ace prepared
for you at. cur table .*"
'Thank you. You are very I shall
join you as roon a3 I am presmtabV."
We are- to be honored, sir." r«ild th«? old
jrTitleman. but in such a way thai Grcn
fa:i had a distinct ictlirg that H was h«
\u25a0who was to be honored. Aunt yvonae
«ir!X grac»cusiy. and he took his .Je-
I irtur»! While Hedrick \u25a0»£«: ilrcsslns thr
;igsed little rrut. Grt-enfall conipiacrnth
surveyed Cite patient In the mirror opp-j
tlte. and eaid to hirnsffff a hundred time*.
'You lucky dog: It was worth forty
cashes Qk« this. By Jove, she's divine!"
In a fever cf eacer haste he bathed and
attired nimse'f for dinner, the »tr.r>criurb
able Hedrick assisting. On*; query tilled
The American's mind* "I wonder If I am
to Eit be £ i^< her.' And then: "C have
fa.t beside her There can never again bf.
"uch delSsh'' '
It was seven o'clock before Ms rather
unuuuaJ toi!rt *a.i rcmpleied. "Sec l{
\u2666.hey have gov.". to the diner, HedrSck," he
*«tid to Um man-fcervarit. wbu departed
\u2666 erfrncnSously
"I don't kn->w why he ehould be bo
damned pcllt*. ' observed Lorry, gazing
\u25a0nanderfaaiy after him. "I'm r.ot a k'.ng.
That remlnda me i must Introduce my
«elf Eh* doesn't know me from Adam."
Hedrick returned and announced that
they had }u«t gor.e to the dining car and
•were awaiting bin there. He hurried to
»ho diner ar.4 made his way to their table.
Uncle CajEisar ar.i ht* nxeee were facing
r. rr zx he cajn^- betireea the tables,
and h« M», with no little regret, that
re. was to sit beside th* ; aunt— directly op
i/-*!t<! tbe cirl. bowever She. \u25a0mlled up
ur hire as fc» stood before them, bowing.
He eaw the "jxprcwlon cf inquiry !n those •
<Jexp. Hauid eye» of violet as their gaze
v *r;dered over his hair.
"Your head? I tee no bandage," ahe
i-aid. reproachrully.
• "There Is a email platter and that is all.
Only beroe« may have. dangerous
*-ounde," he «ald. laughingly.
"Is heroism In America measured by th<s
number of stitches or tho size of tht plas
ter?" Ehe asked, pointedly, "in my coun
try It is a Joy, and not a calamity.
Wounds are the misfortune of valor, i'ray
»^e *ea.tcd. Mr. Isovry— Is it not?" she said,
proriorncing it quaintly.
'lit-, tat down rather suddenly on hearing'
'-.'\u25a0r utter hiu name. JJowr had she learned
ItT Not a soul <,n the train knew it, he
a/aj »urc.
1 am Caep-ir Guggenslocktr. Permit
rr<», llr. Larry, to present my wife and
ray niece, 2>Iies Uuggcnslocker," :-.ilrj the
trade, more gracefully than he had ever
fxitrd such a thins uttered befoie.
in a Jaze, stunned by the name — Gug-
V- n*Ux.y.?r-- myEtitied over their acquuint
aoce v.-«th his own wncn he had been
failed st every fair attempt to learn
•fi^ir*, I>orry could only mumbl«s his ac-.
kti'jwir-dgmenti. in all his life lie had
never lost command of himself as at this
moment, tlugecnslot.ker: He could feel
Um dank ftweat of disappointment start
ing en til* brow. A butcher— a beer maker
— *\u25a0 cobbler— a gardener— all rynonymn of
•-•^SStfitsJucker. A rausage manufacturer'*
ni«.-t«— Miisjj GugBtntloc^tr! II« tried to
glance urn oncernedly at hc-r aK he took up
hi» najjkin. but his eyes wavered help :
l«-saly. She was looking «cr»?nely nt him,
y . he fancied lie nw a shadow of mock
i* > '.n her blue eyes.
I "Jf you were a novel wrllT. Mr. Lorry,
Vrtiat manner of heroine would you
chootT** fche asked, with a smile i>o tan
u.llzing that he ur.deritood lnsilnctlvely
ly. Somehow the real flavor of .romance
was stricken from the ride' by', her candid
admissions. "What he had considered a
romantic treasure 1 was being calmly rob
bed of its glitter, leaving- for his memory
the' blur . of an adventure in which he
had played the part of a gallant gentle
man and che a grateful lady. He was
beginning to feel ashamed of fhe conceit
that had misled him. Down in. his heart
he was saying: '"I" might have known It.
I dki know it. She Is. not like other wo
men." The perfect confidence that dwelt
in" the rapt faces of the others, forced into
his wondering mind the impression that
this Kirl could do no wrong.
"And. Aunt Yvonne." she said. In con
clusion, "the luck which you s,ay. is mine
as birthright asserted itself. V I escaped
unhurt, while Mr. Lorry alone possesses
the pain and unpleasantness of bur ride.*'
"I possess neither." he objected. "The
pain that you refer to is a pleasure."
• "The pain that a man endures for a wo
man- should always be a pleasure," said
Uncle Caspar, smilingly.
"But. It could' not be a pleasure to him
unless the woman considered it a pain."
rtasofied Miss Gupsenslockor. "He could
"When your aunt and I returned to the
train we saw the conductor holding his
watch. He said, to me: 'In just three
minutes we pull . cut. If they are not
here by that time they can get on the
b;st they know how. I've done all I can.'
I did not say a word, but went to my
8»:cUon and had Hedrick get out my pls-
fused; to answer. Your aunt and I went
at price* to the telegraph 'man -. and im
plored him .to tell us the truth and he
said you were coming in a carriage over
a very- dangerous road. Imagine our
feelings when he said .' some people had
been killed yesterday on that very road.
Ho said you would have to drive like the
—the very devil. if you got here in twenty
minutes."
' "We' did. Uncle Caspar," \u25a0 Interrupted
Miss Ouegenslocker, naively. "Our driver
followed Mr. Lorry's Instructions."
Mr. Grenfall Lorry blushed and laughed
awkwardly. He had been admiring her
eager, face j and expressive eyes during'
Uncle Caspar's recital. How sweet Tier
voice when It pronounced hla name, how
charming the foreign flavor to the words.
"He . would not have understood if I
had said other things," he explained
hastily. .
to see if the cut were still there. Mr.—
Mr. Gi'g-gcnslocke'r. did the conductor ob
ject to holding the train?" he asked, re-.
mcmbcrlr.5 what the conductor. had told
him or the old gentleman's actions. - "
"At first, but 1 soon* convinced him that
it should.be held." said. the other, quietly.
"My husband spoke very harshly to'tha,
poor man." added Aunt Yvonne. "But, I
am afrult'.. Caspar, he did not understand
n. word you sakl. . You were very much
excited."" The sweet old lady's attempts
at English were' much more laborious
than her husband's. \u25a0 '
"If he dixl not understand my Kngllsh
he wes very pood at guessing," said her
hus'inml, grimly.
"He told me you had. threatened to call
him out." ventured the young man.
"Call him out? Ach. a railroad conduc
tor !" exclaimed Uncle Caspar,' in fine
scorn. •
"Caspar. I heard you say that you would
call him out," interposed his wife, with
reproving eyes. \u25a0 •- <
"Ach. God! 1 have made a mistake! I
see It all: It was the other word I meant
—down, not out! I intended to call him
down, as you Americans, say. I hope he
will not think 1 challenged him." lie was
mint and T looked everywhere. You .were
not anywhere. \u25a0' 1 shall. never forget your
aunt's 'face when she sank into a chair,
nor shall 1 feel again. so near like dying
us when she suggested tha you might
have fallen from the train. I. sent Hed
"rick ahead to summon the conductor; but
he had hardly left us when tha engine
whistled sharply, and the, train began to
slow up. in a jerky fashion. We wers
very pale as we looked at : each other, for
something told us that the stop was un
usual. 1 rushed to the platform, meeting
Hedrick. who was as much alarmed as
I. He said the train had been flagged,
n nd that there must be something: wrong.
Your aunt came out arid told me that she
had made a strange discovery." ..
Grenfall observed that he was address
ing himself exclusively to the young lady.
"She had found that the gentleman in
the next section was also rnlsslng. While
we were standing there in doubt and per
plexity the train came to a standstill, and
soon there was shouting on the outside.
I climbed down from the car mid saw
i hat we were at a little station. The con
ductor came running toward me excitedly.
"'Is the young lady in the car?' he
asked.
5
THE* SUNDAY v CA LL: •
GRAUSTARK
THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONEher queetlcns and told her It mutt bo messages from the spirit world. A |
stttln* was appointed, and Mrs. Piper recelvod hernrst dollar us a medium
from her Impressed and admiring sitter. Now. a dollar Is a dollar on Pinck
ney street, as elsewhere. This one would buy something extra for the. baby.
She took it. Other women wanted other sittings. vFrlend* brought friends,
and each one paid a dollar to hear what Mrs. Piper could reveal to her of
her past, present or future while In one of these queer sleeps. „
"That was during the summer time. The next winter Mrs. Piper refused
to pit to any one. Nothing. could Induce her to do bo. ' Nobody's dollar
conld coax her to go off Into what nhe bolieved at the time to be a rort of
fleml-hys<terln, wherein she said Irresponsible things. She had another life
dut> to serve; and for many months thla good mother, served It. keeping
ss much as sho could In the open nlr and sunshine, which has always b«jen
her chief fad. \u25a0 \u25a0• . \u25a0*\u25a0'.-- . % > : ; \u25a0.>:> :\u25a0.,,, ,?--; \u25a0' i. . .-.,- . •. \u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0 v .* ; ? . \u25a0 ;
After the birth of ; her second child, when the little one was several
monlhn old, the sittings and the dollars began again. Mrs. Piper's maid
of nil vork told her sister, who was a servant In a Beacon-stroet house
hold (the name of that family In national— a household word), of the won
derful thlng-s.that Mrs. Plper v sald when she was In the condition. > The
love of the marvelous and the .desire to know things about one's self and
other mysteries are. as strong on Beacon street »is on Plnckney street or.
anywhere else on our aspiring planet full of evolutionary souls.. •
, The mistress of that mansion was Interested to know that- a nice do
mestic-woman Instead of tho usual professional medium could nay, won
derful v«nd uhexplalnable : things. r Through her the fact of the discovery
reached Professor William James. Beo con street told Harvard: College..
r. Professor James is and always has been a. sincere student of.psychol
ogy. The English Society for, Psychical Research had found In him an
enrnest coadjutor In this country. Patiently and with great labor he has
studied and collated endless data: of all: sorts of debatable phenomena.
seeking to find the truth in all the mass of : human testimony concerning
the stranger . things \u25a0 than are -dreamed of in the I philosophy of academic
rule. \u25a0.;;. %1 ' •* *-'..:'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0 \u25a0.*.' .•\u25a0,-,;> \u25a0\u25a0• •.-'.>.\u25a0 \u25a0>:.,' r ';\. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : '^" [\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\ i <C.Kr '^'.•' ! !V \u25a0\u25a0"
• To'hlm the.flndlna; of nn honest person with' the 'temperament of t a
psychic was ft godsend to the «cl Mice that has been the object of his long
devotion. He colled upon and had a sitting with 'Mrs. Piper. Arrange
mortis were made for a long, serious, sclentlflQ study other case. Friends
of psychical; research paid httn much larger fixed sum for each sitting,
tha number; or sittings was reduced. Everything .was. done for her com
fort and convenience. -. : '- \u25a0 :• \u25a0 • -.- -, \u25a0:.;,..'•\u25a0; - \u25a0 • y.-v.r .% \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0%>\u25a0 >:.•.-. <k -- • c v -,' : , _•;.
!' Of laie. years sho has lived In her own cosy .little home on Arlington
Height^ earned in part by her toilsome year's of going j into i ths ara,nce
state on dates appointed by the S. P.R.%for study of her condition, and.
Increasingly of late years, for the gratification of people who believe that
through her they can speak to their. friends on the other side of tho mys
tery of 'death.* \u25a0 /'.-\u25a0 v" , \u25a0-\u25a0'--.;. -. : ,;.^- ,.-• ,: fX'tt v/--". ;',\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-*.-, -•..-.-\u25a0\u25a0 ...;.'\u25a0.••.',:.-:\u25a0 •-, ....'
Mrs. Piper has, however; never believed that spirits spoke through her.
as her atatemen^showsy-K.xiAV-— \u25a0."'\u25a0\u25a0•^ r ,'v- v >.- ..; • \u25a0 >,-...*. . . .,'
' In a recent conversat'.in MM. Piper aald that slr.ee the death of Presl
the trance state. vj It would J»a Impossible former to give a sitting. to any
dent McKlnley It has been doubly repugnant to her to think of going into
one who might hopo through her automatic. utterances or writing to sot a'
comnmnlcatlon front the 1 bit head of tour American family, The dignity of
death with Its own relation to life forbids, s ; .-,<..\u25a0 , v - *
THE REMARKABLE PERSONALITY OF MRS. PIPER
*\u25a0* VR8, PIPER Is a handsome woman of middle age, mother of two
. /V /I . daughters, who are fitting for. college. No 'gray shows In net
I Vf I abundant brown hair. . ,.•<.: \u25a0 '\u25a0•\u25a0 -
Her blue cjes are full of gentleness and dignity. Her well
• JL poised head is set above shapely shoulders. The ulenderness whlchy
still characterized her when she was taken. to England, In. 1387 has. gone,
but she'ls tall and of excellent carriage (and does not seem to.be stout.
She 13 always well and appropriately dressed In quiet taste, nnd she has a
liking for the real In everything from lace to life Itself. She Is a woman
much beloved by her motheMn-law. There are volumes in that. \u25a0\u25a0• A'n
Mrs. Piper Is of good-New England stock, gently bred In n household
of Puritan aspiration, appreciation of education and firm prnnl tie convic
tion that Truth was pretty well nettled and defined 'for all time at the date
of the arrival of the Pilgrim Fathers, who brought it over with them U:
the Mayflower to Plymouth Bay. There are plenty of people in Boston,
Salem and (In summer and autumn) all along the stern and rockhounii
exclusive and fashionable shore of Massachusetts Bay who cherish a no
tion that Truth really came over with the finer and leas: homespun folk
who arrived a little later with Governor Wlnthrop In the Arbella at MAn
cbcster by the sea. Just beyond what Oliver Wendell Holmes called Bev
erly Farms by the Depot. • •
But In Mrs. Piper's democratic, eager young mind neither superstition
prevailed. She w "wanted to know," not in the usualYunkee ncceptntlon
of the rural phrase, but with whflt Hawthorne hinted Is the passion or
the New England i temperament, beneath' Its seeming coldness, th* nrc
of love for knowledge and for wisdom, the restless eagernces for more and
more of the. good thing* of understanding. Whftn she married, young, and
went to live. In Boston sh« had not read or studied a fraction of what she
wished. She found herself In an environment v/hcre books were admired,
where P«°Pl?. who know really govern th* tone of : society, in all the In-,
numerablo cliques, sets and convolutions that make up the body social of
Boston, ••" \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -..'\u25a0 '\u25a0 .' \u25a0 ..\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0 •..• i. ..\u25a0\u25a0.>:• j. .•>•.\u25a0 - > . jj \u25a0\u25a0 i' •, , , . . \u25a0\u25a0,.-> ..., . ,
It would,b« Interesting,- if- It were possible. 1 to follow out, step by
psycholorjc step, the processes of Mm. Piper's mind, conscious or uncon
scious, objective or subjective, during the first few years of her life In
Boston. Her horn* waa on Beacon Hill, on Plnckney; street, two utriietn
back from Beacon street, a sone away In tho IndMduallty of the two'wavs
up , "yii'S 011 * 'i 1 ! 11 ' Y? 10 «»",*•" what Impressions were made upon her
mind tarjtfae> endUss biographies of Bostonlans. the tales and anecdote*
that fllf tJie air on the hill r To know who everybody la, even if unknown
by sight, Is a part of the creed of your genuine native Bostonlan; and' Mrs.
Wper must have heard a great deal that no objective mind on i *arth%ouli
poBKlWy remember. But who knows all that the subjective ca* ramS
when ; the. other , Is made quiescent In aa abnormal physical and nervouH
Condition/ ':..>"\u25a0 '''-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0->-' J 'v, :\u25a0 : ; \'-' '\u25a0:.\u25a0; i \u25a0 ',•','\u25a0;•,\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 •. -.- ' \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0 •"/\u25a0/.-,•'; v - - •-
. r At all events, when Mrs. PJner was a young mother with a month-old
baby^she 4 pne day lost conecfousneM »nd attracted i F much :fimHy"S d
friendly attention to herself « by saying. all sorts of queer^tblnnrwheh In
this condition. Not long after shs did* It again . and ft^wi» prolssted that
her utterances were of a Delphic Importance and mysterious sljnlfloance
I One of her \u25a0cqualntanc«.-»-BOiton=»-wbaott^^
When I read over the reports of the Society for Psyealeal R«
searcli It all seems to me that there la no evidence of eufllcient
valne to narrant »cc»|>»anct of the splrltlstlo explanation.
/ Andrew Lang contributed to. the proceedings of the Society for Paychi
8 r .*? h W febniary 1*» : a'.crlUctam of the spiriU^'theory/ H«
ill ..« lf \u25a0* ude » lt 5 reject the Idea that I am. an Impostor or In collusion
with Mrs. Howard, ' ."we roust try to produce wm« other hypothesis."
• Mr. Lang says he is Inclined to explain the remarkable things that I say In
trance, as well as the confused and muddled ones, by muscle reading or
whM^ t L r0 * lft A Ho s*!' 8 he believes "there Is something. here into*
which it may not be a waste of time to Inquire." \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
n^S^f^^ti 6^ 1^^ p fX chic&^ Research: "At my
first sit tins with Mrs. Piper. Phtault ,sal<l; *Oet the medium to cut oft
f rt i°v«,.° - r ? T me l J? W™ 1 "" *«<* then prescribe some medlcina
aJLiS a. i^)i.SJi™PhiJ 1 ?. 1 ? f I 1 . 1 ." m y P«*«t before vUlUng Mrs. Piper
$?£}?-* \u25a0*%,rVn^ 1^,t? » PhIllult l J? tell me what it was. I took it from my
e fi tranc *i. a J !d i iandcd uto her,, when she removed th
rZl*h**A 'nShinnu ?J£ r ' u l y p !! tT0 . m * hQ cork or. vial, and placed It to her
forehead,. P^ln^Qlt remarked thntjt was all riffht, correctly prepared.
~m^h^"l a .w"l d -^i? on8 oth « r t hl "8» uva ursl and wild carrot. 1 bow
r-uSS^Jf 'S?-K?ie th t e *»"«»MonJ V .'Why.wu it necessary for you to have
SJ^lUt hT^ri l^.*??. 1 " 1 " 8^" 0 " Prescribing for me when you had
mf.hl C hi «t««1«iS u Z ,^ 18 a !2* lwcr waa to the- effect that the medicine
Stt *H« ffi i^^'Ii 11 " afttr lts Preparation to see that it waa all
salt Wn* uie!f hi ™A ftnccd -* case he had prescribed for. where a wrong
S?lniS i m«^ y T. th ? a P° th *«ary to the injury of the Udy having the
taste!* J " *-?-."?: ?"?* tT as . to the seat of the sense of
||S Use oP Strange Names. C
if^w^^ISSii 1 '»- u n«ratood that In speaking of "Phlnntf* !n tWa way
Bwmtaglr dlrtlnct per *
hv th«^ SSSSltv VSV B ?i 0|l . l0 5 was ?. ut Intomy mouth. It'.was reported
f^« SSioT 3 * 4iJ f°t«^? ychlcal R«««arch that "Dr. Phinuit seemed to taste
llpa" for SevSrai aVSondl ™^ V *^V 5? tne . P 1001 * 1 and «nacked on the
docJoJ*?^"^^^! 1^"^ the houss) of a
Italian la^-w.^"!!* 01 '•!?*\u25a0 l he one kn k own M "Qeorge Pelham.". - An
first^5iS«--rtM. t «f *!J ttr - u w *» «n the report thatJPelhaxn gavs the
tti«T '«»«« «J ? hJJPU* »>tt«r and communicator, very uncommon names,
we?! r «t.i d * ad ;. tlllt * rt was « lv « n - Th * "*»an worda for "It Is
•I S"U??>;iC l i l '% ct '-" :w '!! rt -whtapared by me at the end of the slttlns.
eiiantf " Wf- ..ilJ 1 ? P^P'* <aine to me "my sitters." but "my
tti«£ T in «,Pl?- up »? l * lr *;. ro^ t ! n ' H " ni > > wcrklng-room. where 1 • used . to *e«
of th« \ ™h n^SI^^i -ahsw called the red room, because of the col^r
desK h a n rmV p 8V%;;^itt M^" I^ IMha - 9tliet<imymt !v writiw
den^ y * lRSt l 1 "^"?^* 1 . 1 - 0 ! 4 * ; w * re cft' 1^ "imperator." N *'Rec.tor" and !*Pru
1 ' ! '"I \u25a0 : -"lMri:*Plper Skill Furlhor: Explains:^ .
i^^iilf^ 111 ' 10 . ''Wleaae'mywif from/'Iroperator"..I. «Jo not wlah tolin.'
&$"??%' an ?' li\"? den V of P«ychlcal phenomena, either here or In Europ.:
£i£.£S not^lleve that the genuine spirit of science caji be antagonised'
r/^*iS y ~?* J i tnOB t."'* rho \u25a0 humbly -Jova-aelenca- as Professor.; Anssls laved
to ' natural - frod e *U o i\ vltli -v^ ••»* llk^ Wm « * Ioolt througli n*tur« u»
-' :-' Bec * u< * ,V ha spWUsttc theory doea not appeal to me after my extjeii.
*nM "c!o«5 or«enatlc>n »»f the
meOlum m*de the Imrrf m.vn en
. mr.thet sfce Is honest." >
It r.-a» «t « residrrcc In tloi>
ton that 1 wrote aiftoxna:UaHi'
Plom a certain famous man
called in tne,rrpvrMr. M^rtc
I V.Tote undrr-the so-cailad con
trol of lVlham. snvinc. after a
nfrrence to this Mr. Marie;
"That he, with his kten Ur*»n
and mnrvelbus prrceptlon. will'
b* Intereitted. I know. Ii« was
a very, dear friend of X. I. was
#si redlngly f v nd of h1:n. Com'
• «l r-rotber, interctla both lie*
and 1— me— hln-I know It all.
Kf° n i l >\u25a0<"»•••• * correct these?
Well, I am no leas Intelligent
nrw. But there are many dlfll.
tultica. 1 am far clearer on all
points th*n I was shut up: Jn ;
the -prisoned bedy -.(prisoned . '
prisoning, or ;4mpHaoncit * you
ought' tu say)..;; No. -I don't
mean-, to get it that way. - :«Sco '
here. K., don't view me, with a
crltlc'a \u25a0\u2666v*. but puts my Impcr-'
fectlonifby.* Of court?, -I know
all thiitaa •well as, anybody on
your sphere fof course). Well.
I think so^.' I tell -you., old f»l
low. !t den't do to pick all thM«
little errors too much when
they amount .to nothing In one
way. You have light . enough
nnd brofn enouch. I know, to
undorstnnd my cxplnnallona of
b*lng shut un in this body,
dreaming, as ft were, aad try-
Ing to help on sclor.ee."'
I do not see how anybody can
look on all thnt an testimony.*
from a person In another world.
I t-nnnot see but that It must,
hnve been an unconscious ex
presalon of my subiimlnol self,*
writing "such stuff as dreams
are made of."
[This article is specially copyrighted by the New TotIc Her- j
aid Gcaapany, by \u25a0whicri r.li nghts s.tc reserved, and its repro
duction, in -vrhale cr in part, b strictly forbidden. Tubilsaera di»- j
regarding this -sraming \clll hn prosecutsd.] i
(Ceyjj i'lght" BW. by N>w York Herald Company.) . !
IT is an extraordinary statement \u25a0which tfc<* HeraM prints to-day over j
Mrs. Piper's signature— that her famous ypirit messages 'rarri tine ri?ud
were not cf siipcrnatur.-jl origin— that she has decided to' withJnuv I
from the S<tc!ety for Psyrhscal Research. . 1
The profound significance cf this statement /will bs understood, for |
on Mrs. Fir*r'« tp!rlt rr.ctssecs, jeivon rcni'iti in n state Of trance. tills sreiu |
society cf Er.sls.nd. supported by men of international fansf. has based i
it* c!ai:n of ccinn»unica,tics with*, ifces? beyond the grnve.' !
After twenty years cf research it ha« officially published this m«racvj- !
loos'-clalm, •which ilr>. Pi;>cr, Its. werld-f.aniedf medium,", now scatters to,]
the winds. .' • • ' '• " " "?:, "t" \u25a0 '"""*' " >;-" ••\u25a0--\u25a0/"-. *r- v " '";
Her action, of course, doe* not "affect the ar«slr.ii dignified parpoae of
tfc^s society, which was aauaPUnced at its inception, nearly fcr«*nty years '
ego, to I* "an organized attemr-i to favettJgale the debatable phenonvia-i
designated bv such terms r.s •ne:-:ravrJr. psychical and 3plrlluailsl1c"
Keseareh In this branch of.p.<ycholo{ry n«>s been mor« active In England \
'her; In this cocntry. and. |iiufgimm cf ptitlof-opiiy rccognSse the interest ;
tad possible usefulness of ;h- l-.te Frederic Myers* conception cf the ex
lenrlreTeM of the rubtlmiira! self.
Psychology had admitted the existence ni unconscious cerebration. but v
op Professor WUI:4m J*ai<:?. lfc« rvcosiifzeil head of the Society forPsyrhl
cai R^5-arch. prcfo?sor of philosophy at Harvard University, salrt In his I
memorial on Myers, the preaeat ptcblca in the science of psyrho'.ocy la
?he problem of Myers. TWtst Is tlic precise constitution pf me sutmmt
nalT*-
Professor James Is stl'l asiilns the cj'it-stlon. still in thff attitude of
scientific Inquiry. It hoi been s?.'d that rhis Harvard pror».«or of phllosa
ph>, xrho has recently returned from a t^rr» year*' vccatioit In Europe,
fca* accepted the spiritistic theofy unreservedly; but th'.s Is not true, aa
his response to the Kera!d. printei elsewhere, shows. '
Mrs. Piper's Extraordinary Statement.
The tlase havir.s presented itself when It seems pos#IM« for me to b*.
liberated from the Society for Psychical Kesearch, I desire to state a few'
facts.
I trill beein by saying that publicity has* always been distasteful to me..
3iy hctne duties have bren and are the chief course of my great»mt picas-,
vre. Kut as my r.am* has b««>n before the public for fourteen years. whll»;
ray case has Lecil st«j"li«*d. ar»<l as the subject of psychic phenomena ha*,
especially of late arc»:scd public attention, I believe it \n rifjht for me. In
res!im!rg frcm the Mrvtce of the Psychical Research Society, to speak
frankly to the public in my own individuality, in response to :hs rfcqusftt
cf the New York licrald.
In the ctrvice of th<e society I "have acted simply as an autpmaton.
rolr.tr into what is «.al»od a trance condition to ho. studied fdr purposes of
fcdentiSe lavesUgsUctt. and also for the comfort and help of many suffering
souls who have accepted the spiritistic explanation of the words which 1
unconedouEiy *=po!:e while In this dreamy staf*.
It Is undeniably true that many bereave*! people have been at least
temporarily comforted in -sorrow. This is in itself a compensation for lor*
devotion to this v/ork. Apart from this. I do not feel that the world at
large has derived a «ufficient i-encflt from the many years' Investigation
of rny case to warrant my continuing In it. Besides, personal circitn
ttances are ruch that it -would be Impofslble for me to dn so.
After having (riven so many years of my life to this work. I now desire
to become a fre«j agent, and devote myself and my time to ether and more
ccrjjr*-nial pursuits. . •
The world to-day knows that among scientific mtn the opinions on
pyychic phenomena are many and varied. I have always mAlntnlned lhat
thefy* phenomena conld be explained in other ways than by the interven
tion of disembodied tDlrit forces.
The theory cf teJenathy utronply appeals to me ss the roost plauslbl*
end genuinely gcientlSc solution of the problcmi Tc strengthen tills opin
ion are many authentic experiences which have all been satisfactorily'
explained by means of tee telepathic hypothesis.
Telepathy, Not Spiritualism.
I an inclined to accept the telepathic explanation of all of the no
called psychic phenomena, but beyond this I remain a student with th«
rest of ih* Trorld.
•JThe lament ed PliilllpB Breolu one* mnUL, After tt ml t ting; with
me, when I asked him tor bin candid. opinion en the anbjecti I
"It mar be the back door Into heaven, bat I want to ko In by
the lr«nt door."
I also prefer to eo Jn by the front door If I am fortunate enough to
ester.
I must truthfully «ay that I do not believe that spirit* of the
dead hart spoken ilironali me vrben I bare been in the trance
\u25a0late, am fnveatleated l>y orlestfse men of II on ton and Caxn
l)rl<Jr» and thoae of the Kna-llsh Psychical nrnvarrh Socletr.
when I \u25a0**\u25a0\u25a0• taken to England to be studied.' It may be that they
bjM-e, bat I do not atnrxa U.
In leaving the service cf the Psychical Research Society I wish to state
cls clearly and definitely as possible mr true position In regard to my re
lations with the Bodety and my own views on the subject, which has
eroijs*d eo ranch public attention during the ls*t few yearn, r
Only by the tnereEt chance did I discover that I possessed a power
wholly unczplalnabie to ray self and mystifying to ray family and frienda.
Jt was on account of my desire to understand the phenomenon and prove
its nature that I gave myself up to scientific Investigation and willingly
placed myself In the hand* of honored scientific men, who cxpreeae^. the
with for roe to do eo. with the -full understanding on both Hides that 1
chould submit to any fona of test they might see. fit to apply. In doing
this, however, the thought of making It a remunerative occupation never
once occurred to me, although eince then I have as a matter of fact
Cons so.
ConPesses Her Entire Ignorance.
I tnust say that after having bo«»n associated with the society for about
fourteen years I hare no nore definite knowledge concerning the
subject than when I bea;*n, . . .
During the experience of these fourteen years Innumerable
i,o/-»ilun« have been asked rc«ardiii« «r belief, some of wulcli
I \u25a0»\u25a0% (II ounirrr here and noiri '.
"Are >oo a splrltaallstr*
\o| I bare never considered myself one.
. "Have y»« b^'*' «»« «ny convincing proof of ti* possibility
ox ft^tsTast r^fm*n T \u25a0 \u25a0 «
I cannot trnthf nllr **T tbatt I ltave. } *
for;ToTto y o 0 k%TtU h X n k^. COInpanjr ™ »•«»»••* be-
I never knew cnytlUng about mediums or spiritualism. In fact th«
subject never had any attractions for me. *«•-•.. v«w
"Then .trhy have you remained with the society so long?" *
Because of my de»lre to ascertain if posstblo whether I were possessed
••Wbot po*f (Iob do y»« consider that you bare filled wltb the
Simply that of an automaton. • *
"Yob «y you are not a'bellever In epirttuallsm. What, then, is your
<jpli>ion In regard to the utterances made by youreelf while In a state of
I have often thought that If I could- see myself as others Bee me and
hear my own utterances, I 'should be better able, to form an'oplhlonu
Not Scientifically Proved. \u25a0 ;
Many m-lse- and good people have had sittings with me under the aus.
slccs of the Psychical Research Society, and some of them I have asked
tcr an <x?l.instien when I csme - cut of
th» condition. F»-.u 1 have ntvtr r.e»rl
cny expln r.a;!cn giv«;ii which seems to me
CUOClUSive.
I'or n:> #•»» n pur*, t cntir.nl Wee
Immt.I» crn In* aelenf IBc-nllr r»TT»»«»«I
that ivc (Tit hold •\u25a0iim>nniilrni!im
ltllli the jio-«-mI'.«-iI>3iIi Jt «orld.
- \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
As St.- P.iu! aave. spiritual thtncs can
<«niy te spiritually • dl»e»rnau, m<jcli. Usj
handled: -
J On the other bund. I confidently bc'.|i»;e
tr-nt there I* a grand. nlthnuKh royit - 4
riruw. • rrnllty in the phenomenon. rviiU h
h.-»» arrestW the attention -of no many pro
found and briUhint Intellect*. «nd- 10
i»-h<oh they b*v«- elvers *o much Cni« and
thcvjytit! How«v>:r this may be. I am «-*>1
that It iirs been vl any coir. f ;rt la i<tf~jp;o
Mwirrow. TfTT'C^' *" *i ~ - .
UQt 1 bctl^o thot truib t» n higher and
Ofi-prr comfi»rt than any srir.'i nrotlyne.
Th^re havf bcea m»«ny curious l:i« Jde nis
conr«tc«l with rry x'ttlnifn for th#> V%y
chUal Itesrcrrfr Society. Thty flrKt hrard'
of me (n ih^ almrJcft f{*ch!on. Mv home
Is In .Arlington Height-*, In what n»?
<ipcf W>st Camt>rld£?; n-.t far from Harv
rrd University. ( I.vm ih^n living in Bos»
trn. My rnidd of all -work toM a fr»*rd
who Avas a -atnrant !n the household"-,- \u25a0 . - ,.
•<f »'rof?caor. William Jitmra t>f Hnrvard thnt 1 «• > "'iM-^r s'»#pt."
in which I safd "mflny utrnnRf thingi*." Vrottimjr .. ii'3 icc^snized thni
I v.-ni« whet Ib called n p.*ychlc. and took «t»»pn to juikc my MC«i'Jatnmnc«.
He at once rxpre«*ed h v.-i«h (or , me to connect myi»>lf yv'.'.l* thn
P«ych!c«I Kecearth Society, anil that Ui ttie way my. work began.
liow Mrs. PJpcr Goes Into n Trance.
At Hrfct when I sat In my chn!r ond le«r»d my hend hnrlt nn*l went Into
the trsnee Ktate the action v.-asi nttcr.drd with «\m>«thlnK of a n;rus«le. f
nlwn>f feH as If I were umlerjroing nn aneMhettr. hut of late yenr* I hnv#
illpycd *aclly into the rondltlor.. le:inin^ 'the hc«4 f.nwarc!. On rrmlns
nut f*t It I f»lt ftunld itnd rather dared. At tlr*V I said' disconnected
ih!f?a. Ji wm alt Kibh-rl.-h. nothing but stbbtrlfh. ."
Then 1 l»errnn to «p<>nU nnniv lirokrn Kr»nch ptirn«*«. I bnd
ntndirU Krc-neh two yrnre. lint I rtM not npeiik It trrll.
Alter i: while my automatic utterance announced the personality of one
Dr. - Pnlnuii. "aid t«> l»e a r»hvs;clan.fif France who died a !onir time o»o.
Th!» ro-callr'J "control"' returned for «-%"i*ral yen**, nnd won thn one ron
\u25a0Ultcd by many jicopie 8nd nr«t studied by the Puycbicnl Ilescorch B^cloty.
All at once this went. It w«s sore Hke tho rnnppfnjr of the tlnKvrx.
Then tar n tlm« a literary man wno had tM»d — «he one called , "Petham".
l?i the'report« of th«i Society for Paychlcal K«?»efjrch— wau lmperi»onated.
Friends of his felt a**ured thnt he talked to th*n» by mlnK my voice, or
by autnmatic writing, while I was in the trance eta te, and to many of
them these experiences *eerred n sacred revt lotion. .
About the Boston Sittings.
A Ponton lady who hnd mnny HltMnga with me ui»ed to get nnxwerri not
from Plflnult. but from a suppowd erirlt friend, who. in called T. In. the
report* of the Society for Psychical Research. In her" report for tho
society she raid: -- . .
"T. was a Western tpan. and the lofnllrm ot using 'like* as a conjunc
tion clunic to him. dceplte my frequent' correction, all his life. At my ait
tlnp on December 1«. USA. .he remarked: "If you could see It. like I- do.'
Korjretful for the'instant of chanK'd conditions. 1 promptly' repeated. *Ah
I do.' 'Ah,' came the response, 'that' sounds natural. That rounds like old
times.' " " \u25a0' .
Profeacor Peirce had a sitllnr with m? some years «sr». «:n'l he *«ld
that he received no testimony or Impression to «trenxtli«>n too theory of
a crtmiminlcatlon with the departed. He never for one Instant felt himself
to be ppcaklr.g with any one but me. Ho aald that If ho had seen or heard
anjthlnir cIm he would gladly have borne testimony to it: because "n real
communication with th« glorleua dead would surrly be. the ureatcst con
ceivable natlsf action to one who could not be many y«ara separated from
the atate In which they abide." - . .
After Profe«sor Shaier eaw me he wrote to the Society for T'PvcMcaJ
Research that he was "curiously and yet absolutely uninterested." He also
" , " -*». • - •\u25a0'\u25a0". ;
THE "C&ifc;'
6
REMARKABLE CONFESSIONS OF MRS. IENORArommon usei the -conversation Is fragmentary and In patches— makta*
those at the wire feel foolish and angry at the Imperfect and sometimes
tulotic stuff coming over the wire. ' . * -^ .•
A Scientific Explanation of It All.
"**^ROFESSOR THOMSON JAY HUDSON, Ph.D.i LL.D., author Of
•jf \"The Law of Psychic Phenomena," etc., has this to say of Mrs.
HlXfPlper'e remarkable- powers: \. '. . ,
1 - Before proceeding to . estimate the evidential valve of Mrs.
JL Piper's so-called "spirit phenomena.** it Is but fair to concede that
she Is honest, and that the Information which constitutes tho basis of her
"communications". to her sitters Is obtained by supernormal means. It
must also be conceded— nay. Insisted upon— that her. phenomena belong- to
the only class from which proofs can possibly be derived of the. trust origin,
of her communications." Physical phenomena, such as table tipping, etc..
possess in themselves no evidential value whatever, for It Is only by sn
analysis of the content of \u25a0'messages" that their source can be determined.
-'. ; In short, all- things considered, she Is probably the best Vpsycbiof* now
before* the public for the scientific investigation of spiritism; and It must
be admitted that if her -alleged 'communications from discaxnata spirits
cannot be traced to any' other source, the claims of spiritism have be«n
confirmed. • •• •<-;•:. ';\u25a0« .-..''-_. ' . „-." • '• -
A \u25a0\u25a0-•!\u25a0. , i;* - . CaA B« Easily Accounted For. ; » ,' \u25a0
; A few words, however, will make it clear to the scientific mind that her
phenomena can be easily accounted for on purely psychological principles,
thus: .-•\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•. -".\u25a0«-\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0•"«.>..••\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0"-.. • >f ' • ' .
' Man Is endowed with a dual mind, or two minds, or states of conscious
ness, designated respectively as the "objective" and the. "subjective." Tho
objective mind -is normally unconscious of th* content of the subjective,
mind. The latter. Is constantly amenable to control by suggest lcn. and It U
exciuelvely endowed with. the faculty of telepathy.' -' <\u25a0 v ' .
• . • An • entranced & "psychic" • la dominated exclusively > by her subjective
mind, '.and reason. is In abeyance. .Hence she is controlled by suggestion,
and consequently is compelled to. believe herself to be a spirit, good or
bad, if that suggestion is in any way Imparted to her, and sha automatic
ally, acts accordingly. -., : ; v- . . \v' »\u25a0-... ' . • . . •
c ->V t :^ " - :'
, Bhe Is In no. sense responsible- for the voirarlea- of a Phlnult, tor that
eccentric personality. Is the creation of suggestion. But she Is also la the
condition which enables her to read the subjective minds of others. Hence
her supernormal knowledge of the affairs of her sitter. What- he knows
or has ever known consciously or unconsciously (subjective memory > being
perfect) Is easily within her. reach. * ,...,' . - ,. • - -»*V- ,. I "—
' . Thus^far no /Intelligent psychical researcher will gainsay, what I hav«
said. -But It sometimes happens^that tt^e psychic obtains Information that
neither she nor the sitter could. ever have consciously possessed. Does tt
necessarily follow that dlscarnate spirits gave her the Information? Spirit
lets say^'yes," for this is : th« 'Hast dltch n , of .spiritism. . ; ;
•\u25a0••^' :^:^ \ ' •'•\u25a0 x^- '•\u25a0; : "Ta!t|>athy an Explanatlon.T^^PH .
•> ! Psycholo§r1sts'declare that' the telepathic explanation Is a» valid In the
latter class of cases as it obviously is in the farmer. Thus, telepathy be
ing SiPOwer of the subjective mind, messages may be conveyed from/ one
to another at any Um*. neither of the parties oeing objectively conscious
of jh« fact. •? It follows that a telepathlat. at any subs«iuent seance with
the recipient, can reach the content of that message. '_- :'""•* - •
If this argument is valid— and. Its v&Udtty Is self-evident— !t la lmsoest
ble to imagine a case that may not be thus explained on psychological
nrincualea, ,. , ' \u25a0V^ :> " i "a • "• • '• *~ •••"-' ; -'•\u25a0 v ' . '•'\u25a0'"••"•
.'-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• -*? \u25a0.••\u25a0'*\u25a0-• .\u25a0•.,-•».\u25a0\u25a0• I?" - \u25a0/' \u25a0'\u25a0- \u25a0 '\u25a0 : -\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 :, ; -' ;\u25a0',-\u25a0; v-'^v-'W'-'^---
become* of me during a. trance. The wisdom and inspired, eloquence which
of late has h«en conveyed to Dr. Hodsson through my, mediumship Is en
tirely beyond my understanding. I do not pretend to understand It and
can give iu> explanation— I- simply know that I have the power oftgolnj;
Into a'trance when I wish.".
In Mrs. -Piper's flr*t trances she was taken possession of by the spirit
claiming to be Dr. liilmilt. his full name John Phlnult Schlevelle, a
Krenchmnn of Mart>pUi«ti, born In 1785; studied medicine, and died at the
nge of 70 of leprosy. He Informed Mrs. Piper that his chief duty In the
world of spirits wan to communicate with those living on earth and prove
to them- the existence of spirits. It was: noted that this Frenchman of
French. birth spoke In English, with a French accent; that his use of that
language wns limited to a few phrases and not always correct. ...
In explanation of tbls.it waa said that, aa Mrs. Piper was English,
only that language could be used. >At first Dr. Phinult confined his efforts
to interpreting between-Mrs. Piper and the'splrlts, but later he talked with
her about himself nnd life In the snlrlt world. . ' . ",\u25a0
A remarkable thing wns that Mrs. Plpcr'8 voice changed according to
the nationality of theisplrlt speaking. If )t were a man* she spoke with a
man'n volc*i; if a child,' with a child's vo'ce; if an Irishman, with the flavor
and nccent of the Irish tongue'. It wrs' observed that the Piper spirits,
like. those of other. mediums, began by asking the lisual number of "flsh-
Ing questions" before they settled dowa to answerlilg Inquiries.' ., \u25a0• . -
" "'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' '\u25a0• V; '\u25a0 A;New Spirit ft^ *tho /Phone.: : : &;< :'ir/,
In 1892 a new spiritual Interpreter appeared, who styled himself Oeorge
Pelham. Ho had been known In life no Oeorge Pellew, a New York law
>cr and literary .man of distinction, and had out recently died by falling
from a building. He seemed on Intimate terms with- the French doctor,
and they took turns In Interpreting for the Bpirlttt. But.Pelham's.com
munications were given In writing, and. not verbally, through Mrs. Piper.
• In 185?- there came another, change. It was found that these trances
were exhausting to Mrs. Piper, and notice was given by the celestial pow
ers in control of her that her fatigue could bo greatly lessened by shorten
ing the distance, mi It wore, between the medium and the spirits— having
a higher order of spirit, not of mortals; but of a godlike power. To this
end .two of the Immortal Ones were selected, one to do the talking, the
other. the writing, through Mrs. Piper. „ * ,,„' ; . J; ; , : * \u25a0
The spirit called "Imperator ' .controlled Mrs. Piper's voice; the. one
called "Rector" controlled her pen. "Imperator", wa» , employed In dis
cussing great subjects, aa of the Piety, the angels, .Immortality, etc Tho
Identity of this celestial wm known only to Professor Myers, deceased,
then at the head of the London Society..*: - ~ • .
.' A The other., spirit, "Rector," i wns employed, for ' conveying . Information
about ordinary spiritual affairs, the condition of friends ana members of
families, and supposed to be In heaven. •• ; - /•:*,.:,-;••-
As Mrs. Piper seemed growing weaker and needing careful usage, this
spirit "Imperator" ordered Mrs. Piper to cease giving; tadiscrimlnatlng
sittings on all; sorts of topics. * lie : would - take future charge of her, h«
said; that Is, he would preside at the spiritual end of the wire and confine
her sittings to matters of Important spiritual research. , ' \u25a0 .'\u25a0• •
;-V { -' ' V/ : Y:^ J > 'A'Prtiww^ : " i \u25a0':
''^^ This still further tightened 1 the chains -holding- Mrs." Piper In the cus
tody of the society. Bne was a prisoner absolutely, cut' off from outside
Investigation and the world. :.>/:*.\u25a0.> • ; .w • « i\ lw^
, - It may bo Interesting to read the explanation that was given of "how
«V|6 did It'* " 4 * *r->~* *• \u25a0' >' -' '- • \u25a0 \u25a0 -.- \u25ba* 5 --' ' ; '.u^Jvi*. .»*> '.- -; .'^ ".^ \.'~ .1 2 :\u25a0"•.— »;*
' >.-When 'ready to go Into a trance Mrs, Piper. sits* In a light, open room,
facing a table with a pillow ; on Jt. and slowly goes Into a trance. It may,
be eight or ten minutes; before tho climax Is reached. Then her facs sud
denly twitches, becomes rigid, the, eyes having an upturned stars, and at
lost her head falls on the pillow so that she cannot Mice her right band,
which rests on the pad and begins to write messages from* the dead. .
y,-;- To ask a I question, rou j take her • hand, put your mouth to it and r talk
as if tt .were a • Uiechoae. : And otUa Ium tha > hlgh-prkea - Ul«sUgua iu
"In 18*3-88 he visited Mrs. Piper about a dozen time* and sent a large
number of persons to her, making appointments himself for most of these
people, whose names were In no Instance announced to the medium. Ills
inventlgatlonjconvlnced him that Mrs. Piper was a person of supernormal
powers. • \u25a0 - \u25a0 . •.'
"As to the exact meaning and value of those powers his attitude has
been and Is very frankly that of suspended judgment. Of one thins only
is he certain— the suspicion of fraud is untenable. He almost wishes this
was not so, for If this suspicion could be made plausible, 'fraud would bo
by far tho most satisfying explanation, since It would leave no further
problem outstanding.' m \u25a0 • • - !
"But the fraud hypothesis being eliminated, bewildering problems re
main waiting for an answer. He therefore called the attention of the
society to thin extraordinary cane, with the hope that, some light might
be thrown upon tho attendant problems. . : x \u25a0 \u25a0 . v
"These are the words with which he introduced Mrs. Piper: 'In order
to disprove the assertion that till crows are black, one white crow Is suf
ficient. My white crow Is Mrs. PlT>«r.\" ; ,
What Was Said of Mrs. Piper's Life."' V
Here Is a brief summary of Mrs. Piper's life as It was givent
Married October «. 1881. , c • ; . -
First child born May 1C, 1884. , , \u25a0 , .
Flrnt experience of bolnjr.in a trance June 29, 1884. " • . ' -\u25a0
Second child born October 7. lfc£5. ' _ ' . \u25a0,,. , . ; • .< - ,,
Of her first trance Mrs. Piper was reported as. saying: "I remember
the date distinctly, because it was two days after my .first birthday fol
lowing the birth of my first child." v ; , : . \u25a0 '• • r > . - :
She says she went to consult J. B. Cocke, a blind medium, for medical
advlco on a Saturday. "During the. Interview," she said, t'i was partly
unconscious for a few minutes. On the following Sunday I, went Into a
trance. The first time 1 b«w the name of my control. Dr. Phlnult (the
Hpirit claiming to be that deceased, gentleman), written down was in Octo
ber. 1&5. .It was just after I had retired for the night and before I had
* "I suddenly saw a light. I asked my husband If he saw It. He said
no. and asked If I were going into a trance. I replied no, that I was my
actual self, but that the room was full of light. He said he saw nothing.
A moment later I saw part of the name-Dr. Phlnult— on the wall near my
b«d." " ' • '.' .-.-•:\u25a0>'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0. .\u25a0\u25a0•.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;.: ••,!,'-•»'- v- ':., t &GVtl .*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•"'.-\u25a0 '.\u25a0.\u25a0"\u25a0»' <:> . •-•';"*'-"\u25a0\u25a0
In tho Interest of Dr. Hodgson, who had come from England In May,
1SS7, to Investigate her, Professor James and other distinguished member*
of the Society for pHychlcal Research, Mrs. Piper went to l<ondon In
November, vm, to have her psychic powers tosted» and was under con
tract, receiving a salary, to sit exclusively for that society.'; Because of her
wonderful powers it Is eaid thut its American branch was established In
Boston* ".\u25a0•-.\u25a0 •_:'\u25a0'-'"'•\u25a0•';\u25a0•"•\u25a0 i "ii'»!'i''; \u25a0"\u25a0*:'* *.'. • ; m -':-iV '^ ''•"'' "\u25a0'•,:<-\u25a0'•\u25a0
_. Reinembera Nothing of the Trance. *} «* \u25a0
. Regarding her condition while in a trance, Mrs/ Piper wa« thuj quoted
"Of what occurs after Tenter the trance period I remember nothing—
nothing of what I said or what was paid to me. . I am. but a. passive agent
In the hunds of the powers controlling me. I can give no account of what
prefaced a long series cv vsycnoiopcni it
vtjuljcatlons by exposing the frautiuleju
practices of noted rptrit "wonders," also
became convinced cf Mrs. Pinsr's extra
ordinary powers. At : a test 'sitting 1 ' >lu*
\u25a0sked lor messages^ from his father. »om%
rrnlnlwecceH of things happening before
the profesoor's birth. The replies related
to events and Incliloriis. many of whi'.h
he recognized as Having heard frum,Uv»
tiifsr nitittefcs. • -. -,\u25a0 ' . .
After a thorough Investigation "WIlHart
'Walsh- wrote of Mrs. Piper: "The wnmai
!ii this case in an excellent and Irreproachv
aWe i-hura<-ter. She !3 Mr?. Plvzr r a resl«
dent of Arlington Heljfhia. near. Brnnuii.
Her husband is a tailor in very moderate
circumstances. Sho ha» two chlldre;i:
Her .•!.«,•»• is about vs. , She Is an intelligent
woman, .but net what you would' call mi
Intellectual one. .She is ntithor hundaome
ncr hunieiy. neither tall nor short. n'.lth»»r
blerde nor brunette. She is just an aver
age woman— a sved ' wife . and a good
mother. »s. thank heaven! the aveiag-»
woman vt the .United States has .ever
been. . .".-•'"\u25a0 v •
"In:lS^2. or thereabouts, she. underwent
a^iffrqetrous BUrgicul epVatlon. The j>hy.
siclarutrho brought hrr thronrli «u«"f*s«
futly km a spiritualist bybelief. H« de
tected in her nplritu.nlltilc pcaslbllltut.
\VltI; htr consent he made * medium of
her. Just the average, ordlv.nry m<*rtlura.
vh» gives spiritualistic seunces for a con*
•tdrrtitlon. • -. - .
"But. unMke many of her fellow work
<rfc. Mrs. PIp«r was- abr.olutfly -hon*«t.'
Hhv had . no explanation to offer of the
stranx* powers with which she found her
self «-ndo\ved. She had no c«n«elou«ne#*
of what happened during the hypnotic
Utrce. When Bhe returned to her nortnul
Hate fh* had no remTibrance of what
•he had said or done, or what other forces
had cald or done through her agepcj*.
Mrs. Piper's Honest Simplicity.
"Il was this transparent simplicity and
I: Benu«)iien«!>»s of-charncter, th!» lack pf
the hocus uM mumbo jumbo of ordinary
nierJlurr.Rhtp, thr.t mtdt Mrs. Piper con
spJcuouj* oticive the common herd of clalr
vojar.tii jmi simtlcr utmrlntans.
"For fourteen ><ar> or more 'she hai
been under th«« clo^e obaervatlon. flrat *i
Professor James, afterward of Dr. Hod(>
son and other competent personsj
"She and her husband hnve been chad
owed by detectives. Her personal lug
gage* h*« been searched, hrr correspono
«nc«- read, her colr.jrs nut and comings m
closely T.-atched. Yet In all these ytars
not the rmallcr.t clrcum^tatics has come
to light reflecting In «hy way upon her
heccsty. .
"Ccnnlrly no other jnedlum has ever
been subjected to go ntrln^eet an ordeal.
And, In view of the fart that, under far
tr.ore monger Kupcrvlaicn, Dr. Hodgiton
himself and other less competent lnquir
cts have succfvVd In bringing home th«
charpe of diithonfsty to many profession
al m« dlums«. it la a fact -entitled to murli
v^lpht that this medium should have
carted through the most searching aa.l
pto!ongfd inquirlfs without even a rumor
of exposure or the discovery of any sus
picious circumstances. : . \u25a0 -\u25a0 ,
"And f<i It was that she attracted an
uncommon class of patronft Edu<?at«4
and Intelligent people flocked to her.
Among the rest en me Professor William
Jflnr-s of Ifnrrard University. '
"He hardly needs an Introduction to readers of the Sunday H»rald. Bon
of Henry James, the mystic; brother of Henry James. tn« noveust. and
he himself the greatest of living American psychologists. "-• * -
"It hna been said of him and of his better known but ™»t less eminent
brother that the «ne writes psychology like a novelist and the other writes
novels like a pr.ycholoftlst. In other words, both arc possessed of Imagina
tion as well as insight, but the Imagination of the psychologist, though
most restrained by scientific methods, la most In evidence. r
"At one of tho vice presidents, of the Society for Psychical Research
Professor James was naturally attracted to a case of mediumshlp which
seemed to Invite tho serious attention of -the society and Its officers.- \u25a0
. , Professor James AJbo Convinced; -\
er.ce I Co not deny to any mortal a perfect right to accept It, if It sjems
consistent,
1 h«r« never heard of any (bins; belli jr said hy mviHf -while
In a trjusee »tate whirl* niiRht not have brrn Intent In (1) my
"trr. nsind. <S» In th#- mind of the prnon In cliarKe of the Kittlnir,
«:j» in ihr niind of the person -rrbo was try I nor to Ret commnnlea
tion rrith Home one in another Mate of existence, or •otue com*
panion present »»ith mirh person, or <4» In the mind of aniiio
ibtrnl i»»tr«»ii alive somewhere elxe in this world.
Not e>j5<* of us present may have been coneclous of any knowledge* of
tacts staled. yt>t somewhere In my mysterious subliminal consciousness,
vhich was in abnormal activity when I was in condition, the knowledge
riijrht have rested unknown to myself In my waking life. It might, In
rbe saTne manner, have b»cn latent In the mind of one of those preesnt an<l
have been transferred by unconscious teleyathy from one of their" mind*
to rrr own.
The wcr.ders of wireless telegraphy and the use of the X-ray devel
oped of late years In the realm of physical science make me feel that it
T»culd not be.becomin? frr ro« to siv what may or may not be possible »n
transference of thought In. the subjective mind by laws not yet fprmulated.
My reading has not shown me that all the laws of the objective mind
£rc- urdtrstocd.
I have f?M that if the knowledge of facts stated by me while In the
condition was net latent with me or -with any of tho'He present In tho
ro^rn with me «t the time of a slttinc. It might still hare been In tht
mind of Ecme <Hh«»r person alive somewhere in the world. It might have
been latent or it rr.Spht have been active knowledge, and have been trans
ferrrd to the mind of on/j of, those. In the- room., then to yAy subjective
mind, then automatically uttered or written by me. I do not rtnrt It «8
hard t» grasp tale theory as that of a disembodied spirit telling- th« thing*.
Regarding Thought Telegraphy. \
Tf thought could be unconsciously transferred to me from a person
la the room I do not s»* any reason why thmt person could not have re
ceived a thought message from somebody at a long distance and then
telephoned it. so to speak. In thought, direct to me. If telepathy is possi
ble between two peopie. why not among three. Just the same as with
telegraphy?
Everybodr is fsmiJfar •with the common coincidence of letters cross
ing between tr.-o people who had not written for & long time and who
then wrote to each other at the same time. Distance does not seem to
make any difference about such meetings In. perhaps, the spirit; th«re
&re many ln?tanees of that sort of human wireless Megraphy: th»re.arc
also instances of a third person learning by the same .means of facts
known to two other Dersons.
An interesting ease of 'what seem* like direct thouicht trans
ference In tbe -objective mind was when I (jrve Intelligible an*
«wer», In English, of course, while In the condition to questions
\u25a0sked of me Iiy a sitter In Italian,. a lantcaaite I do not nnder-
Mnnd. All the eontmnnleatlnn seemed to be entlrelr lirt<rrrn
tjie KobllmiDsl IbonitM of the nltter and t-iymt-lt. I nometlmen
think thnt may be the way ire shall all talk to each other when
in the future state.
It ha* sometimes happened that things I hav« said at a sitting were
not at all consoling or .Important to those, who were trying to satisfy'
their minds or hearts by these- psychical experiments. "
Story of a Boston Physician.
Once when an old Boston physician had a sitting with me It .«errn«
that I talked most about a pencil nhioh was put Into my hands. It h.ivlnp
twen the property of a deceased friend. When I came out of the' condition
fc* drew himself t:p in. his chair and said, with excusable grtjfTnoss:
"What made you talk about nothing but the top of an old pencil "
Why didn't you talk about God and tho anpols?"
"What do you know about fJod nnd the angels?" I could not help
retorting. He was good enough to smile, for of course the pencil was part
of the sclentlflc test and the other talk would not have been.
One© when another and still more famous Boston doctor cair.e to s«- v
me, he eaid afterward that he. "found Mrs. Piper huffy, but got on the
good tide of her by caressing her children."
A literary man saldi "I know Mrs. Piper la rnnnrloa*. hi*.
cttnmm she .listened wlien the door, bell run*;." One fitter ftskfv) m »
if I had the face of my clock illuminated so that I could knotv wh*n the
hour was up. as I did not make It a practice to remain in the condition
for more than an hour at a time. It has, however, at times been much
longer.- .
Cultivated people have often been surprised at first meetings that I'dM
not seem peculiar or unlike other women, and some of them expressed
their vroacer.
A European Hallucination.
When I was taken to England the wife of one of 'the celebrated English
men of edenc*- met me with the exclamation to her husband:
"Is this lire. Piper? You don't mean to tell me that this In Mm.
Piper!" Then to me: "I thought you would be Euro to be very fat and like
magenta color and wear frlselettes!"
Tbes« words In her rich English voice made us both exnil«. but we aft
erward became good friends.
I have been to fortunate as to make rood friends and pleasant ac
quaintances through my work. 8ome of them do and some do not b*llev*
that spirits have rpoken through me. I do not think that even those who
do have liked to see nvs mentioned in print, as I have been, as "the human
telephone to the next world."
Such expressions were of course never used concerning m<* In the re
port* of the Psychical Research Society or In such article as those of Mr
Leu*, or of Professor Hyr.Iop In the JJterary Digest, the Arena, etc • In
Mrs. Katherine Tillman Hull's article In Harper's Magazine last year or
In any nimllar art!e!"a published «t honw or abroad. I am grateful for all
thoughtful, profound or kindly Intention^ articles. I am aware thnt I
run the risk of the disapprobation of some people by voluntarily censing to
be a "case" for study. But most students and lovers of science and hu
manity will. I hope, understand. . ,
Phillips Brooks »aid in a public address: "There Is a belief in God
which does not bring him. nay. rather say. does not let him come Into
close contact with our dally life. The very reverence with which we
honor God may make U3 shut him out from the hard tasks and puzzling
problem* with which we have to do. Many of us who call ourselves thel«t*
are Ilk* the savages, who. in the desire to honor the wonderful nun dial
which bad been given them. .built a root over it. Break down the roof; let
<CJod In on your life!"
He also said: . "How every truth attains to Its enlargement and reality
In this great truth, that the soul of man carries the highest possibilities
within Itself." _____\u2666_____ LE ONOKA E. PIPER. '
What Scientists Have Said of Mrs. Piper.
y N view of Mrs. Piper's extraordinary confession— calm, dignified, pro
1 found— it will be Interesting to read what scientists of England and
I America eafcJ of her; what experts thought of her psychic manifests-
Jl tloni and her personality, together with the description of "how she
did it."
The strongest c!»lm made for Mrs. Piper has always b«en that "she Is
hcn«iU" Professor Nathaniel S. Bhalcr said he believed that "she herself
is honert. but that whatever the medium Is, I am convinced that this In
fluence is a preposterous scoundrel. \u25a0•
Professor Janvs. professor of psychology at Harvard, said: "Taklns
everything that I know of Mrs. Piper into account. th« result Is to make
me fec;| absolutely certain that she knows things In her trances that she
cannot pofflbly have had knowledge of In a waking state, and that the
definite philosophy of her trances Is yet to be found."
Professor Charlee Eliot Norton, proreseor of art and literature at Har
vard, raid: "J nw things at these sittings which appeared marvelous and
Incomprehensible to me. I do not attempt to explain them. I believe,
however, that hers Is a field for the fullest ockntiflo Investigation."
This was i!;e view taken by'the PsyrholcglcaL Research Society, and to
r.uard against fraud she was taken In the custody and control of tho socl
* Professor Richard Hodgson of London, the American representative
of this society, who was originally employed to discover fraud, and who
• xponed Mine. IJlavatsky. said he flrnt went to Mrs. Piper's houso with
Professor James to unmask her. For the first few years be was a con
firmed disbeliever In her. That was fifteen years ago. but later he became
convinced of her power to communlcit* with the dead. !
Tbe most distinguished New York authority, Professor James H. Hys
lop, instructor in ethics and mental science at Columbia University, who
i \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
7
THE S|UNDAY CALL.
E. PIPER THE WORLD'S MOST FAMOUS MEDIUM.WHITE BOrSE Bhado«r»rapns
bavte completely changed the
chirccter of thei' ?uj5P.«'!m^.
and all the — crld cf Washing
ton wcr.ders. V.'elrd tricks ar»
daily b»irs played by the pr^nt maricinr:.
Sun. cpoa tiie sarl-Ie ciUTnns of th?
home of Presidents. Eays the case hard
ened materialist, lojh to believe ia what
he can't feel ana understand:
* - 3ah. and after tnat. bah! A mere ac
cicknt. These shadoTrpraphs are cast on
the nu<Tb!e pillars by Use cornice of the*
building. The difference fn th» fan's pusi
tion, caused l«y the changing stas»jr. c .
rrir.irs ab»ut The ehause of location "f
the ptcturcs # frca the cast portico to the
•wert."
XVhich is certair.Ir admirable reascninc
fro=i the Ftandr>"i"t cf the rcalcrtalist.
Eut as resards funiishlnK a satisfactory
explanation to the many — fcr it is the
aaiy -who are iill .icape over the mani
festctions of tn-day at the Executive
Mansion— th« "explanation doesn't ex
plain."
President Roosevelt. K?-CT«;tarT Hay, p.
•nan hoMir.? .in outstretched revolver, a
pcrticc cf a •nir.sed ti^urfi, and a dove
•with spreading v.ir.^y— these are the f"ie*.r
signs and portents Wb!cn da !y take f!ia;»«
or. the east portico of the rambling 'old
building fronting Pennsylvania avenue.
I>;s than eix months ago the cold and
pclished Furlaxe Ot the stone rc-fiected
other faces and other forms. It -wap in
May of this year that the Sunday Her
a!d railed attention to the puzzling por
traits ellhouetted acainst the stately col
umns. At that time the profile of Presi
dent McKir.Iey was the most noticeable
of the ehaiiowgraphp. The clear cut
fea.tures, Incisive, masterful, were
faithfully reproduced in marble.
Other oddities of'the changing, collec
tion of art were an oid woman scaled at
e. spinning wheel, a most marvelous and
Btartllag reminder to the most aged 'of
the visitors to the mansion; th'e h^ad of
Senator Hanna, large, round, shrewd, np
pareDtly Just about to indulge In one of
thcFe hearty laughs for which th« Buck»
eye Senator is noted: the profile of ij>j»:>->
Victoria, a ptcture which '-am* to 'be
knows as "the pointing hantl": the pri*-
Sle rf Jrfcr. Shfts-an ard . the fleitlt'S
serr.bUvr.ie of "Mother" McKmley.
Ilodrrn Daniels Disagree.
Interpretation <-f ihe shadows' mranims
has varied lr>.n t.mc •«• tirr.*-. On th? vc
raflnn oj lh»> upp^tram e «:f the profile i>f
Mr.-. McKlniey. mother of th«» Prts'dcnt.
vrhi«h>u-ck shfipe shortly afu-r the \>h*»
inc of that lady, then; were not wahtias
tho«" who w«*rv ready u» j-.y.'-ijTii otninnu.
readings to tho mute suggestion. £n«d it
genileaaai: rvh> v.i:m5?iK» the i-ora'ns r -'i
the shadofsraiih of tht <ifpart»;d woman:
"When a RUjrtJ v.-hi> r«-Cf!v»»(1 th«; first
?nd Intelligence fron Canton had'usherrd
the messenger up the euilrway !io leanptl
for a mumcct in the ••rn'jru.-'jre of tf»>*
ha!I window. Casting his eyes upward,
he observed -a strsinse shadow outlined
Fharp'y on a \7bite if;lurr.n of the stnttly
f-ntrar-^e. Plainly \u25a0ilhouc-tted. a* by an
ertisfs bru.-:h. was the form of an o!rt-
woman, the profile turned toward tl;«
White licute 'locrtray.
"The rlrangHy marUe«l f«-atur« t s at' first
suggested Preirideni Mt-KIaley, but every
moment thf fi^are took on more feminine,
pulyr. A« th<> guard ivatcbed it the shad
ow: Krov.lnK more feminine each Instant,
turned slowly away, ns Jf lookink back
over its shculdf-r. and disappeared. It had
lasted during twenty-five minutes.
"Nothir.K more nuKgi-Kilve of the Kentl*
woman who had passed away <ould be
imagined— a vl-.iiant born of vunlight and
sentiment, shadowing the snowy columns'
In weirdly trn-ler gulvc— a spirit of watch
ful mother love and yearning farewell."
As the profile of "Mother" McKlnley
and the profile of Queen Victoria w*«re
observed after tlw deaths of thine wom
en, and not before, even the most stiper
ptltlously Incline*! and determinedly pes
simistic have been unable to extract
from the shadowy appearances any tang
ible sign of mishap or ill. At the same
pair of scissors and a sheet of black pa
per and cut out your silhouette about as
fast as you could cut the pages of a book.
By which he rolled up .quite a com
petency, because he was. in' his particular
and rather odd line, a thorough artist. He
never, did any thlrtg In this connection that
could throw Into the shade the silhouette
of President. Roosevelt as lined up against
the White House pillar. Hardly a distin
guishing outward characteristic of . the
President is lacking. There Is the fam
ous mustache, the well defined nose, the
mouth slightly "ajar," and, of course, the
celebrated Rough Rider's hat. As if., to
carry the illusion still further there": de
pends from , the .shoulder of '.; the ' figure
what might very .well pass for the stock
of a gun. : \u25a0•'';. ;\u25a0 -.: " -• ';.'\u25a0\u25a0 'J '\u25a0". : -*'.'\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0'.'" ;/'\u25a0\u25a0;
The of -Secretary "Hay's face,
seen first at one' hour, then at another,
but never twice at. the same hour, Is al
most equally, excellent as a : likeness.
Even ; those unfamiliar with Mr. Hay,
from actual sight of the Secretary, are in
variably able to recognize the silhouetted
figure from, the frequency with which the
features of the State Departments head
have 1 , appeared In the newspapers.' * <"\u25a0 !\u25a0-_
. An amusing oddity Is "the hand holding
a pistol." This 1» not quite ho successful
a reproduction as are some of the others,
vying with his country cousin for a sight
of the latest marvels. He Is not always
successful In his quest, for the hour of
the shadow's arrival on the white column
no t man knoweth. . These, shadows are
fitful things, capricious as the winds, va
riable aa tho clouds, and may never be de
pended upon to arrive on a schedule. So
the curious have to wait with; what pa
tience they can bring to bear. When.'ono
of . these realizes that; an "Important"
shadow Is taking shape, ho Is quick to
communicate his discovery to the other* ,
who eagerly flock around tho particular
pillar honored by, the mystic visitor.; ••;>
Whenever the pillar bearing the outline
of. President Roosevelt's face', is fruitful
there is sure to ba a large and enthu
siastic crowd In attendance. ,.{ These see
in the profile nothing to warrant fear of
ill fortune to come. Rather do the major
ity of the shadow hunters .lean to , the
view that the sign is. one of good portent
to the rapidly advanced young man from
New York. It would be hard to Imagine
a more clearly outlined suggestion of the
President than is \u25a0 thrown by the j sun j and
the. cornice In partnership. .' - ' j
There used to bo a man who did busi
ness' In the hotels, along Pennsylvania
avenue, a." dark, • nervous, /quick-witted,
rapid fingered genius .who would take a
time tney are unwilling to admit that the
manifestations are without some hidden
and, mayhap, sinister meanings. Just
what this meaning may be, there has yet
arisen no Daniel to make plain.
Not alone, however, are the croakers
Interested In this natter. Since the death
of Prcaidcnt McKlnley tho shadows have
so changed their forms as to make them
tho subject of very general comment and
study by the Washin&tonlan. The native
of the capital has grown somewhat u»cd
to the comings and goings of the
shadows. Ho had marveled at the old
woman with the ' spinning wheel, the
"pointing hand" and at the many and
varied reproductions of the facial char
acteristics of men of prominence in the
nation. But, as he had never been able
satisfactorily to explain to himself or
any one else the origin' and destination of
the Immaterial showing, he' gradually
gave over going to the White House in
search of new finds, -leaving; this work
to the visitor within the (rates/ to whom
It would, come with/ the force of a new
and fascinating amusement. " " ' '
Now, however, since ; the fading away
of the original groupings and the arrival
of a totally -new and dissimilar, set, the
native Washlngtonlah^: Is \u25a0 again ; to be
found in attendance at the White [\u25a0 House,
Loading his gun with the smallest shot
he had he brought down one of the high
fliers. It was badly haltered, .but he
patched and furbished it up to an appear
ance of respectability and spread it on a
bush top in a conspicuous epot ten feet
above the ground, arranging the wings
with as clote a resemblance to life as
possible. Curiosity Is a besetting falling
of butterflies. I'resentiy two of them no
ticed their departed comrade and b«gan
to circle lowrr and lowr-r above the bush.
HUNTING THE SMALLEST GAME ON EARTH.
f?!C the forests of Northern Australia
II lives a butterfly which is always
ii bunted with powder and shot. This Is
a brllllant'hued creature, highly valued
by collectors. It Is very shy and hovers
about vvx*t branch** of th* trees, seldom
approaching within twenty feet of the
ground. For a lone time the only wzi
raens In collodions were frayed and be
draggled Individuals, which, because of
Injuries to their wings, had dropped be
low their zone of flight. A traveling
American naturalist went to Australia, de
termined to get some perfect itpecimens of
this rare insect. For several days he
strove with long nets and short nets to
entrap some of tbe beautiful creatures of
the upper air. He raised ladders and
climbed trees at the peril of life and limb,
but tbe wary butterflies kept beyond the
range of his swooping net. Yankee In
genuity was not to Ire beaten bo easily,
however. The entomologist hit upon the
brilliant idea of a decoy.
Others Joined the Investigation and finally
the patient collector was able to cap
ture one of them by a swift move
ment
Somewhat similar' was the capture of
*om* rare South American butterflies sev
pral years ago. An entomologist traveling
on the Orinoco failed, after many at
tempts, to take a single specimen of a
swallow-tall butterfly, which haunted the
uppei foliage of the forest. One day his
party came across a band of half-savage
native armed with biowguns, bows and
sp«ar«, one of whom offered to supply the
collector with a number of the desired In
sects at a price. An offer of 25 cents a
specimen represented opulence to the naA
tlve, who returned on the following even
ing with six of the butterflies, all perfect
or nearly bo. How the Indian could catch
the shy and delicate Insects which he him
self with all the implements of the chase
could not capture was a problem to .'the
traveler. Not until he was about to leave
would the native explain. His method
was very tslmple. he said, and pointed to
his blowgun, a weapon with which these
people are marvelously accurate and
deadly marksmen, even killing big game
with darts blown from them. He had
"marked down" his butterfly, waited for
It to alight and then nhot a pellet to the
leaf upon which It was poising. The Im
pact wan sufficient to stun the prey and
bring It to the ground without Injuring
its fragile wlngs.-Youth's Companion.
HUNTING THE LARGEST GAME ON EARTH.
plosive shell is fired with a time-fuse aft
er the harpoon is imbedded to the whale.
Behind the explosive conical piece U» the
four barbs, situated' at right angles, to
each other. These barbs are always
bound .down tightly together with thin
rope when the harpoon is going to be
discharged.? As the harpoon penetrates
the flesh of the whale this rope gets
brushed off the barbs, and In *o doing
pulls a wire which sets fire to the fuse,
and It explodes the shell In a few sec
onds. The shell gets blown to pieces and
makes a terrific wound In the whale's In
terior, and the explosion causes the four
barbs to stand out so that.it becomes
impossible for the Karpoon to be with
drawn. The rest of the harpoon consists
of a long shaft with a slot In it. in which
a ring moves freely with, the rope at
tached. . . ; \u25a0 :
If the whale is at all well hit. the har
poon gets Imbedded about five feet, and
unless the rope breaks the animaf cannot
escape. The rope; which is a very stout
one, passes from the harpoon' on to a"
round tray in front'of the gun, where, a
coil of fifty feet or so lies. It then passes
backward over .'a 'pulley :on*to a the drum
of a double steam winch ; supplied with
an immensely powerful brake. .'"'•
Taken all'ln all. says a writer to. Pear*
son's," the harpoon-gun; Is about the most
exquisitely cruel instrument of destruc
tion' devised by "the ingenuity of man. *
TO pursue the blue whale success
fully, a boat la required that can
Bteam twelve knots an hour. It is
furnished with a formidable weap
on known' a* th« harpoon-gun.
The harpoon-gun is a ponderous piece
of apparatus placed on a raised platform
on the prow of the whaler and consists
of a short, stout cannon, mounted on a
pedestal, on which it can rotate
horizontally. The gun has also a vertical
motion, and can be turned quickly in
whatever direction the prow 'of ' the ship
dominates. On the top. of the 'gun are
"sights" for aiming, just as in a rifle. 'Be
hind is the stock, which is grasped in u.e
hand when . firing the gun, and beneath
it the trigger.' The breech is a box-like ar
rangement, situated just where the stock
Is fastened. to the gun proper. The gun is
loaded in the ordinary way from the muz
sle, and the; harpoon is tightly rammed
into it. " To discharge the j gun a, small
cartridge with a wire attached Is first put
into, the. breech. on the trigger
causes a pull on the wire, which ignites
the cartridge and discharges the gun .si
multaneously. ., :
; The harpoon is about six feet In length
and very .massive. It consists essentially
of '_ three* parts, the anterior conical"''por
tion,, the .movable ' barbs and' the shaft.
The. anterior Jconlcal. piece is an explosive
shell filled with gunpowder, and screws"
on- to the rest of the harpoon. The ex-
the figure in us entirety wotna be shown.
However, with the limited space at com
mand, the winged one comes out surpris
ingly welL - • .
By far the prettiest shadow of the col
lection is that of the little dove near the
top of the column. This well favored bird
rests near the top of the column.' Its flytns
apparatus apparently in readiness for im
mediate fllghtl Fortunately, the photog
rapher'has been- able to gather a very
fair idea of the dove before its actual de
parture.
• These are the latest shadows cast on the
now famous porticos. There are other fig
ures, which come and go. but th* recur
rence of the pictures mentioned is most
frequent and gives rise to most talk. The
White House attaches say the intangibles
are responsible for a large Increase amon<
visitors. As for'the distinguished subjects
of the sun's sport, they are as much ta
terested as the rest of the world.
ana requires a nttle aid from a responsive
Imagination before It can be properly cat
alogued in the list of White House pillar
wonders. The hand Is not so distinct a3
It might be. but there can be no doubt as
to the weapon which extends > diagonally
flown across the column. To be sur«. the
revolver Is suggestive of the "British bull
dog" pattern, a variety which we believe
not now to be In popular use. It may be
that the notions' which govern the part
nership of the sun and the cornice in their
relations to the columns are a wee bit old
fushloned. Certainly no up-to-date sll
houettist would cast a pistol of such un
dent and pudgy form as the one here
proudly thrown.
Another of the newcomers In shadow
land Is the winged figure, or, rather, it Is
a Bubstantlnl portion- of a winged figure.
Were the pillars of thie White House por
tico only a trifle larger «nd offering
broader surface, it Is safe to assume that
THE I JSUND A Y - CALL.?
8
THE MYSTERIOUS SHADOWGRAPHS ON THE
WHITE HOUSE PILLARS HAVE CHANGED -
WHAT NEW STORY OF THE FUTURE DO THEY CONCEAL?PROSPECTS are bright 'for an. ac
tive golf season during "the com
ing winter. The Oaklanders have
already set to work, having held
the qualifying round for the cap-,
tain's cup competition on Saturday, Octo
ber "U, and the opening* round at match
play, yesterday.' * The matches are played
over eighteen holes, the first nine being
over the "short course" of 2184 yards, and
the. second nine being over the "long
course" of 8W0 yards. There Is an aver
age difference of six or seven strokes be
tween .the ."short course" and the; "long
course." After the captain's cup contest
Is over, ; the '•, first" competition . for : ; the
handsome silver claret Jug presented to
the bakiand ; Golf Club by Captain
Edwin Goodall will take" place. "The
captain's cup , Is, . a , perpetual \ .trophy,
the winner receiving; as his reward the
honor of haying bis name inscribed upon
it; but the Goodall trophy will become the
permanent property: of the player who
wins it . twice. Harry \ Rawllns, .who ; was
formerly employed by the Oakland Golf
Club); Is now assisting "Jim" Melville at
Del Monte. The resident professional
on th« Adams Point v links Is George
Smith, v who w«»; formerly at 'the Ban
Rafael Golf Club. /George Smith recently,
In playing with W. P. Johnson, made a
record for thirty-six holes onthe Oakland
GOLF PROSPECTS GROWING BRIGHTER
FOR A SUCCESSFUL WINTER SEASON
course, which he • covered ' in 74-75, total
149. Amqng the most regular playeru on
the Adams Point links are: W. p. John
son an* 'Pi : 8. Btratton. the Collector of
the Port. < " " 7 ' ,
The recent heat baked the San Rafael
course ' and hardened * It so much, that
nothing can be done toward . putting -"It
Into order until- after, the . first heavy
rains. Then tho course will be closed, six
temporary' greens .being established for
the 1 use of those members who continue
practicing through the winter.
The San Frard sco Golf Club is some
what slow In I settling down to work, but
a schedule^, of tournaments may bo ex
pected shortly. There will- be some good
contests among the ladies' on the Presidio
links .this winter, as | Mrs. JR. G. Brown
and Miss Alice Hoffman will play rego*
larlyV,: ~\ '•\u25a0:.-. :'< \u25a0\u25a0' ""*\u25a0"..'".?' \u25a0:\u25a0'..-'\u25a0 >. "\u25a0
Several members of the South End Row-
Ing Club attended. Indies' day at the Dol
phin boathousi last Sunday. '. .
y The .South Ends will : take- part in tho
Alameda Club regatta.;' No date has been
set for that event as yet. . -~ -
A west side business man is so scrupu
lously exact - In all his transactions that
every time he pays a visit he insists upon
taking a, receipt for it. ,. ;. ; '\v:"."*C*.*.-*
and back, the McGeorge four In
the burs'; fiouth End giving a handicap
of thirty seconds to the Jenkins crew in
the barge Feltou. The crew In .Die
Fcltbn won. easily. A week before the
Jenkins crew had rowed the South
Krvl. conceding thirty seconds j to th«
McGeorge crew In the Kelton, the Mc-
Georj?e crew winning quite decisively to
the surprise of their opponents. The Me-.,
Gr-orge crew was made up of C. C. Dennis,
bow: J. P. Kolcy. No. 2; M.^ Harris! No. 3.
and Alex McGeorge, stroke! The Jenkins
crew consists of J. Pallas, bow; M. Cash
man. No. 2: E. Pallas. No. 3, and Charles
Jenkins, stroke. As the crew In the fel
ton hax won on each occasion It seems
that she in not thirty seconds slower than
the barge South End over the course.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold a mas
querade dunce at Saratoga Hall on - the
23d of next month to raise money for tlt«
construction of the new boat house. The
first plans of the Drydock .Company for
tho improvement of \u25a0'- the property on
which the Ariels were granted a site for
a bouthouse having been rejected, and
the new plans leaving the site open, It is
nut unlikely that tho ArlcIs may get; th«
location originally selected. In that. case
they -will begin work on the new boat
house a a soon as possible after the enter
tainment for the building fund Is, over.
Several members of the Ariel Club were
the guests of the Dolphins last Sunday,
Harry Foley and Roy West entering thu
swimming races. - : :
J; S. Earls, J. Farrell and Frank Corey
of tho Dolphin Club will take part In the
canoe races at Sutrp Baths to-day. '*
A' committee of • the Pioneer Rowing
Club ha k been appointed to endeavor to
secure temporary .quarters on Kentucky
street for the' use of the members.
LAST Sunday the two Junior barge
crews of the 'South End Rowing
Club had a race from the boat
house to the Union Iron Works
OARSMEN SEEKING
NEW QUARTERS FOR
THEIR RACE BOATS
The cl«-»ss sinples tournament to be
r'^yeil en the California Club courts to
'J'O" WOT undoubtedly be the largest heli
in th» city for several y»»ar«. The players
"^s;i be divided into five classes, the first
fc«"-ng comj-c?ed of the Whitney brother*,
vhile the f.fth vcill be made up of besin
ier?. In the second and third classes the
contestants ar» all evenly matched and
-*ie rurr.tr shots!«l be close and exciting.
It woul'J be a difflcult matter to pick the
\u25a0wiun^r of theie classes. Grant Smith.
"bo probably ranks at the head of the
ttcjr.d class, will not enter. The other
members of this class are about equal.
Colliers chances are considered the b«»t
\u25a0with Smith out of the hunt. In the third
ci8Ft> there it no one man who could be
picked out and called th» best. Thl» tour
nament will settle who is the best man
ia this cla««s. The b*iit men are Cornell.
f ' Smith. Balsborjr and atrinuham.
There will be a prize for the winner of
earh cla*s and a special prize for the win
ner of the tournament. The cL-iiu>iflcatlon
of the p!ay»-r» and the handicapping be
:w»-en cla?*e* wJH b*» done by the tourna
rrent commit te»>. composed of G. F.
Whltn«*y. C. G. Kufho and F. D. 8trins
ban.
»»>n:bf;rs have b^^n cornin* into th*
ci'ib rapidly of late and the limit mark—
3<»— » P 1H soon be reached. At prenent
tl:ere are ISO members. The club now
bct^ts of four Superior Court Judges-
Hunt, Troutt. Kerrigan and Sloss— and
«"ii>- Attorney Lane. Hugh Hume is the
latest enthusiast to Join the ranks.
Tbf i>optilarity of the park courts is
:«;j'1ily RrowlDK an<l th«» question of ac
<;ommo»iatJn»r all those <1»alrtou» of play
ing if one that i» bothering thoi«e in
cl.arge. Th^ crowd 1b particularly large
on Sundays and players have to wait for
an hour or two before getting a court.
The eight courts already In operation will
probably rufllce during the winter month*,
bvt many mor* will surHy have to be
bcJH in the spring:-
The best ptaycrs In the park are Routh,
'junlap, Bates and * Bey fuss.
YACHTSMEN ENJOY
CLOSING EVENTS
OF A BUSY YEAR
THB yachting season is drawing
rapidly to a close. Yesterday the
Corinthian Yacht Club held/ its
closing Jink* in the clubhou/e at
Tiburqn and the California Yacht
Club also ga\'e a closing entertainment in
th« clubhouse on Oakland Creek. To-day
th* Ban Franclscos and Corinthians will
take the last scheduled Joint cruise of tho
seaton. As the tide runs out till 11:01 this
morning at Fort Point and floods until
4.2S this afternoon, it will be possible, by
making an early start, to get a cruise in
the channel.
Next Saturday the San Franelrco Yacbt
Club will give a closing entertainment in
'.u clubhouse at Sausallto. Next Sunday
there will be a. closing crulee on signal
from the fl0.7r.hip. At least, It Is so set
Cown on the programme, but Commodore
W. N. McCarthy has been absent from
yurhtlng events for some time, and Vice
Commodore R..S. Brldgcman, upon whom
the command has devolved, will be occu
pied next Sunday In laying his sloop
, Thetis up in winter quarters in the lagoon
titTlburon. Other Ban Francisco yachts
that will spend the winter in the lAgoon
are A. C. l>e*'s Surprise and J. R. Savoy's
Juanlta. Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus
will be ls/d up in Corle Madera Creek and
George E. Billings' sloop Nixie on Swan
sor.'s ways at Tlburon. E. W. Hopkins'
steam yacht £1 Prlmero will spend the
winter at Ahtiocb and H. R. Slmpklt.x'
yawl Tramontann will take, up her moor-
Ings to the north .of the .ferry slip. C.
Knight and H. j Zlmmer's . sloop Mischief,
which has been chartered. during the sea
ton by O. T. 8. White. J. M. Punnett, W.
Humphreys and others, will. take up an
anchorage In the lagoon. It U high water
at Tlburon next Sunday about 11 In the
morning and runs out until after 6 o'clock
In the evening. The boats will probably
begin to enter the lagoon about noon, that
being a convenient hour tut rajslnc the
bridge. 1
The s«!ason which will now so soon be
i>-rt ha* Im.ri a pleasant and successful
cne. The San Francisco, Corinthian and
''a!iforr.!a clubs ha\'e all gained In mem
t^T*hip and the principal events have b*«n
Tv-'fii .-.'.'.. vA'-a. Tne San Francisco Yacht
dob abandon^ unrr.f of the hop* In the
defeboose that had been «chedul«Hl, Hnd-
>r.K \h*-y wore att« > n<l<»«l by few of the
members and did little to promote esprit
£e '-orj*» itmong the yachtsmen. ! A clam
bake. Kot up by a few active members.
proved r-o KuccMful that It was deter
mined to give a nccond one under^ the
aufiJirm of th« club, but the death of the
late Prwldent caused It to be called off.
Lxjring th* M>ason the sloop Catherine,
/\u25a0hich for t*v*r*\ yearn was enrolled in
f &r San Francisco fleet, changed owners
\'H«i u now on the roll of the California
Club.
TENNIS FLAYERS ACTIVE-
Coursers Arc Well Trained for
the John Grace Cup
Stake
THE committee having in charge
the cr:an£crnt:i5s for the greatest
of AnwrfcTtn coursing «?v«?nts. the
John Grace Challenge Cup Stake.
has spared no pains in the
• r-jeavor to make this year's aftalr
tie best merlins; ever held in San Fran
risca Nor have the leishrr.cn been c!ow.
a> The reports frara the contesting ken
• •\u25a0\u25a0'¥ iicc!arw trie oops to be in the moil
->rfe-..-. condition for the running end
-n:ncd to Ike 'aft minute.
In pettzv.s; ih« toaracTB ready for the .big
meet ft was natural the trainer* should
"•fire to t-ce thetr dope tried out that they
n T"it get a lin«i en th*ir ability under tht
- in* conditions that iisvuil in the run
rr.s of th* stake.
Dorics; '-tie early week a tryout w*s
*l fid at I'nicn Park. The greatest inter
est was sho-vn by those present in the
»rrlc of the champion and every incident
curirc thr trials was carefully noted.
The ore oursrr I hat held the «t«-nt:cr.
was Eujrene Geary's great sprinter.
Pali) Alt>-. Th«" rf-eorrt -breaking tharn
r-ion h.-.s a \r-&< n of a»5irir«is that itfrure
\u25baI'm a strenfc '\u25a0aniUi^t* for the ricJi Ft*k»
and :n cor.si"iu»-noo the talent }s always
».:ser fcr a lin» on the monty-mak+T.
Talc Alto va* t»cn fn action for the fliyt
•Trr.<? in sfme \u25a0x»*ts at the tryout*. »rt4
Vi f rvrforman-e on that occasion hao
t \u25a0 <-n the w!«e rr.es all sorts of figures to
--np'titc.
Th» rap: 4 cojrjer was sent to ihs trial
\u25a0uTth his brother. Ireland, end in a long
*ir. at o-.c tlrt.c >A a good ten lengths.
according to the most <-or.s ervatH e estl
mate. SCol hav'n^ t»*n cut in some time
l*ai.' Alto <i1d not nurvri'^ his watvhers
when I:e fJgna of hesllaUn* on
bis 7-t.rcift.
n*>acon *n& Hr,rn*r licy h*d an later
f*ilm; go. The Doy 1»*<1 nearly all the way.
t-*jt on rearing the har« Beacon drtw
out two lengt^>' for the turn.
Rector led tvu lengths la a course with
r-re- Fire.
G<?cr;r»> ilalco'.m*? Aeolus w? nt the route
v.ith Cold Fhlvtrs es an opponent and led
the Futurity champion a goM tl^ree
lessths.
LEASHMEN WATCH
CHAMPION HOUNDS
IN FAST TRYOUTS
Young ladles and promissory notes
should bs-scttled when they arrive at ma
turtty. .-'<,:; ; • y^T; wx
Unleas a man" has .an exceptionally good :,
memory- he should not set himself up as '
a liar. ..'U'V-V'r.v' ". '../\u25a0• -\u25a0 \ .'.'' i' ' ',
greatly in the last ten days. He Is pjay-
Ing - hard, consistent football. . "Dad"
Moulton expresses himself 'as 'well satis-;
fled with the ' physical condition of the :
men. Scf ton. Van Sickle and some of the
other .freshmen are showing, up so. t. ell
that : the "wise ones" sax they have a
good chance 'to make the big eleven.
lost, but with it the power to keep down
an opponent's ' score is in i the team's
power. Offensive play Is. considered easier
to work up at short notice than defensive.
This makes California's condition at pres
ent satisfactory to all concerned. During
the game with Reliance the club men
made their required distance on downs
but • three times. California on the de
fensive showed up in fine style In this
game.
Overall Is outpunttng any one else on
the eleven. He Is reliable and his drives
are always good' for b!g gains. Captain
"Womble has been playing at right half
with Starr or Hudson in his old position
at right end. Womble's playing back or
the line is with, the same dash and spirit
as that shown by him in his former po
sition. ' V . . ' . »— V£^>
by the fast feafl the team put up in the
first half. The* only reason that can be
given \u25a0 for / the poorer showing made in
the' second half is that some of the best
players were removed at the end of the
first half In order to give other men a
chance at the game. . #\u25a0\u25a0
The 1901 team will be heavier than that
of last year. This fact Is shown by the
measurements of the twenty-two men
now. at the training table. They average
in age 21 2-3 years: In height. 5 feet 9 2-3
Inches: in weight. 175 pounds. Horan Is
the heaviest man on the squad, weighing
196 pounds and measuring 6 feet In height.
"FlufTy"; Traegcr weighs 193 pounds and
Is 6 feet ltt Inches tall: he Is also second
as regards height, Barnhlsel being 6 feet
3 Inches tall. The shortest man In the
\u25a0 squad is Quarterback Raltt. who meas
ures 5 feet 7 inches and weighs 164' pounds.'
Next week the eleven will begin .lining'
up earlier in the afternoon and '\u25a0 will bo
put through' harder work than, they have
been doing. Heretofore the ''' y freshmen
have been taking up the early -Dart of
the -afternoon, - but as the labors- of 'the
freshmen team will \ have .been ended
when this -appears In print the coaches
will hereafter devote. all- their time to put
ting the big eleven In shape for a victory
on November 9.
Individually, Hill, Traeger, Slaker . and
Raltt are. placing a little better, ball than
the 'Others, -though fall are showing well.
Captain Fisher's playing lias improved
Hickamore as Used With or Without Bridle in Breaking Stddla Horses.
BERKELEY. Oct. 13.— The defen
sive play of* the University of
California eleven has been splen
did during recent practice. It Is
superior to the offensive work,
although the men are gaining steadily In
their ability to carry the ball around or
through their opponents' line. Able ds
fensive playing is considered more Im
portant than of?f-r.sive. especially at this
time of the season. Without it a. team 13
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 19.
—The weather has been decidedly
cooler this week than last, con
sequently progress in the. building
up of . the big eleven has been quite
satisfactory. The . result of the game
with the Olympics on the 12th inst. led
many people to suppose thai- the cardinal
eleven had taken a "slump." Trainer
"Dud" Moulton says the men were In
good condition and that was evidenced
tunlty to apply the hackamore while herd
ing cattle on the rodeos. As th!3 work
necessitates ..much zigzag riding young
horses soon become extremely handy In
.^hanging from one course to another. A
horse, well broken to the hackamore will
check himself from full speed to a stand
still with less jar to his rider and himself
than when broken by any other method.
. If duty calls the vaquero to' town and
the distance to be traveled be a few
miles, he still continues sending the horse
a zigzag course, adding probably a third
to the distance, just for the practice It af-.
ford's the horse.- j .
Some of the Burllngame Country Club
polo players have from time to' time se
cured ponies educated with tha hacka
, more after cattle and have been able to
put them in the game at once. The great
amount of practice they had received on
the. range fitted them for the polo field.
.They were merely following a v different
kind of object. , Once It moved it was
second nature for them to follow it wher
ever It was driven.
Practical horsemen affirm that any sad*
die horse will be Improved by being brok
en originally to the hackamore. A man
of wide experience In the Irish himtlng
field says his experience with, the backa
more in California has shown him tt
would be a marked acquisition as a part
of the saddlery of any banting establish
ment. It would be particularly desirable
to use on a horse the day after he has
bad severe work in the hunting: field. The
mouth Is then more or less tender from
the severe use made of It en the hunting
day. Sportsmen are not always bleosd
with exercise boys with. light bands and
the hackamore would afford the monthi
the opportunity to regain Its normal coa
dltlon. •
There Is an article tzsed chiefly fa Eng
land inA Ireland called th» cauvescn, which,
closely v resembles the nackamore. It is
used only for leading purposes and Is es
pecially useful in training young horses, ta
Jump.
The foundation la a steel band wttft
three hinges, one on the nose and one en
each cheek. The band, carefully padded.
Is attached to a headstall, two straps fas
tening it firmly at the jaw. The leading
rein Is buckled at the part resting on the
nose: This brings all the pressure on th«
horse's nose and renders him much more
easily handled than would be possible
with a plain halter on which the horse
can exert all the power of his neck, and
shoulders.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL TEAMS
SHOW GOOD PROGRESS
riety of designs. '
The Mexicans soon found that hacka
raoref made of hair were more effective
In breaking young horses than were those
of rawhide. The rough hair irritated' the
sensitive spot on the nose just above the
nostrils and below the bone, and made the
horse, more tractable. • .
'When a horse at four years of age is
given* into the bands of a vaquero to
break for saddle purposes he at once rides
him a few times, umlvs a plain bit and not
the popular 8pa.nish bit. The hackamore
Is then put on In addition to the bit.' It
is fastened tightly above the nostrils so
it 'will not slip about when pressure is
placed on the rein. It is always used
with" a fixed martingale, which is short
i and prevents the horse throwing his head
in the air. thus relieving the pressure on
his nose, when the effect is lost.
At this stage, of the horse's education
i the bridle rein Is fastened to the pommel
> of the caddie "and no pressure Is brought
to bear on the bit for probably, a- month
or more. This Is permitted to form grad
ually the proper snaffle brtdle mouth,
which makes it a pleasure to ride the
horse, as It gives him a sensitive mouth.
This is so highly developed that the prop
erly broken horse anticipates every move
ment ef his rider's hands, requiring no
pressure on .the reins to turn either to
the right or the left or to stop quickly
without any perceptible jar.
The vaquero is afforded an ideal oppor-
T Hants is a; part of the va
quero's outfit of which llttl^/ls
known outside of the Western
cattle ranges, but which Is pro
nounced by . competent authori
ties on Implement -which could'
be used to advantage ' the world over
In the education of saddle horses.
This Is the hackamore, shown. under tho
bridle in the accompanying 1 'illustration.
It is used on all the cattle ranges of Mon
tana, Idaho, Wyoming, Utah. Nevada.
California, Arizona and Texas. It Is never
seen east of Colorado, except in Texas.
The hackamore was the primitive bridle
of the. Western Indians, who "used it be
fore they 'knew of the Mexican bit or
others of less severe form. As used by
the Indians It was merely a*plece of raw
hide held in place 'by, strips «of rawhide
passing over the horse's head. The cow
boy, practical horseman that he Is, soon
learned the usefulness of the article. He
Improved on It a* once by braiding the
rawhide into a firm noseband, making- It
of great strength and In an endless va-
9
THE HACKAMORE AND ITS USES- \u25a0— \u25a0"\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•' ''y- •\u25a0.•,:.-\u25a0',:\u25a0••.,'\u25a0 : ;T - }';•-:.\u25a0. ,-.-/.\u25a0\u25a0 - - ;
e=n=tIIEIaw Is by no means nl>n» In t:\-
II vorlns the ;irst-l>orn of it family artd
li romparatlvely ncglcctliTjc late* com
era. for a careful examination of the
biogrjphiff. of our most emlnei\t| mm -.viil
proyc tlmt quite n proiwnilcratlnK num
ber of tlu:ni owe. their fame larRoly tc the
'act thrit they made their entry Into tho
*\orld in advance of thoir brothers »n<l
flstcrs.
• To such r.n extent -does this npp^nr to
be the raso'that if a-dpWerj names of dis
tinguished men were tak»-n at random It,
would be finite safe to assert that four
of thcBi (or possibly flve> are first sons; of
the remainder three are second sons, while
younger sons, ranging from number three
downward, must bo cont.nt with dividing. |
the small remnant of celebrity among
them. J '. . .
Occasionally n veryj Inte comer acquires
fame; but the odds are all against him.
Thus. Benjamin Franklin, the great nat
ural philosopher and politician, had no
fewer than fourteen brothers and sisters
In front of .him: Sir Richard ArkwrlghN
the famous Inventor, was the thirteenth
crhlld of his parents, and Sir Joshun Rcy-'
nolds was number «evon In his family; -'
' But by far-the majority of tho»worlii's
distinctions are shared between first nml
second sons, the lion's share going to the
first-born. l \
v Furiio In the world of letters hns gona
' «n quite- .'undue, proportions. 'to the eldest
born. .If we may take Dante. : Ooethe,
Shakespeare and Milton as the four great
est'names'In, the history, of ; the world's
literature we find that all four, with the
exception of.Shakespenre, the greatest, it
, Is true, of them. all. were eldest sons. »-
This privilege of the first-born Is cla.lm.ed
for Shelby. Byron and< Heine; v and in
modern times, to mentton names' without
• regard ,to relative merit; by Ruskln, Max
Muller, Frederick Harrison, Sir John Lub
bock, Sir George Trevelyan, Mr. Plnero,
THE LUCK OF THE FIRST-BORN.
ar.tl others far too numerous to mention.
Confucius and Mohammed, Talleyrand
and Kosslni. Charlemagne. Luther and
Raphael Wrre nil eldest sons, as also aro
such eminent statesmen, of to-day as Mr.
A. J. Ralfour. Mr. Chamberlain. Mr.
Rrodrick. Lords Roseotry and Goachea
and Mr. John-Morley.
Among great soUllers we have Ix>rd
WolFoley ami Lonl Kitchener; amons
lawyers', . Sir Francis Jeutra anil Sir Ed
ward .Clarke: In the- church. Vna laM
Ills hop of London, ami on the stage Sir
Henry Irving.
Of famous second sons the list 1* dis
tinguished, if eompnrntlvely j»hort. for w*
find such Kiants of the past «s. Michael
Ansri-lo ami Beethoven, the 1 Pope. Gari
baldi nml Pascal. Wallace and Sheridan.
John Wesley smd Montalrcne. Of famous
statesmen of our ovrn time we have Sir
Willlnm Harcourt ami Mr. Asquith.
well as I^ord Salisbury, to mention only
throo names.
\ The list of second 50ns contains « great j
sol, Her In Sir HtMvor* Buller. an eminent
judge In Lord Alvers«tone«. rstlll better
known as Sir Richard Webster; a;c!ever
nctor in Air. Beerbohm Tree, an artist In
Mr. I'hll Muy. and men of letters In Grant
Allfn and Sir Kd ward .Arnold.
Nor* are the third sons by any means to
bo despised in point of quality, although
'their number, Is, rolutlvely ver>' small.
They Include "the greatest soldier of
modern time's, tho Duko or Wellington;
the greatest author <T any time. Sh;ik?
jipeare. and tho most famous fiction wrltdc
of the last century. Sir Walter Scott. . .
. . Voltaire was a third son. and so vre.ro
C. J. Fox. the famous statesman and
orator; Lord Lytton and Sir Robert Wal«
\u25a0 pole, while Lord Halsbury has proved
• that h third son can till with distinction
.the highest place in the law. and the lato
. Sir Walter Bosant that he can win laureU
; in the tieia of letters. * . , ' . -, ,.,
lack of air in h!s lungs. He should be
turned over upon his back, his belt loos
ened, his legs lifted into the air to re
lieve all. strain on the muscles of the
stomach. In this way the diaphragm is
"•ased and respiration encouraged. Smell
* ik salts are a good assistance.
The usual training table diet is about
n* follows:
Breakfast— Mush, the kind to be u?cd
to be varied from day to day; boiled or
poached oggs or lamb chop?; milk. No
tea or coffee i.« permitted. A ctip^ of hot
water beTore breakfast is Insisted upon,
Apple sauce or stowed piunes are kept on
the table at all meals. Toa?t nml occa-
sionally graham bread is served. Rot
biscuits and even fresh bread must be
given up.
Lunch— Roast beef, medium or rare, ac
cording to taste: baked potatoes; celery,
asparagus, tomatoes, or a baked apple;
occasionally a plate of bouillon. \u25a0
Dinner— A strong soup, either rice to
malo. crpam celery or beef tea with an
ess In it; porterhouse steak, roast beef
or chicken; ltmb chops; vegetables; a
lipht pudding, such ns cornstarcn. On
Sundays turkey and ice cream are served.
Distilled water U Riven the players, and
occasionally oatmeal water la given them
at the table. » . ...
Abrasions .and' cuts should be treated
carefully to prevent blood poisoning. The
wounds must ' not come in contact with
the clothing and they must be carefully
cleansed and disinfected.
Neglect of these precautions is criminal.
It may lead to long illness, .loss, of a
limb or even to death. * - - . .
Wash the cut or abrasion with a solu
tion; of lysol. If not too deep use col
lodlum to heal the wound. In deep cuts
that have to be washed out from day to
day I use' arhstol~a powder-and a cov-
erlnf of sterlHzea 1 gause and the usual
bandage. If the wound becomes inflamed
and swelling sets 'in, go to a physician
atonce. That is [ for him, not for the
trainer or the player j himself, to 'treat.'
Blood poisoning is too dangerous' an afl
ment to be neglected.*, \u25a0'/.:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' '',-'"\u25a0
' A weak kneo 'or Vankle' or elbow
often be saved from | further injury jj by
bandaging. "If the knee, for instance,' has
received injury a temporary bandage may
protect it so that the player; can 'continue
in the game with slight chance of further
. . - < . - . , \u25a0 i \u25a0' • . .
damage to the weak member.
In the case of a dislocated shoulder, to
which : high • school, boys are ' peculiarly
subject, the' Blioulder should 'be 'snapped
back* Into place at' once and 'a temporary*
bandage \ wound about j the j body, without
removing the clothing-, 1 to hold the should
er In place until the boy can' be sent to a
physician for treatment, j ' .
, , In nearly every,; game some player has
'the .'"breath* , knocked', out ' of . him." He
presents'a sorry sight to spectators, as he
rolls on the ground in- agony through
at 10 o'clock— that will be ample sleep.' It
you become nervous and find you cannot
S'> promptly to sleep, stay up later for
a few r.lshis untU ,vou find yourself able
to rlrep nine hours acaln.
Don't go to bed With a full stomach.
At bedtime If you ft el hungry don't go
to the pantry and eat everything in sight.
A glass of milk and some graham crack
ers V-UI satisfy you and will do you good
Instead of harm.
Don't neglect muscle brulsrs. sprains,
cuts and abrasions. High school boys
ar»« more subject # to muscle bruises than
college players. n» they are not so well
conditioned and their muscles not so well
fet. Kneading on the field Immediately
the bruise Is received often gives relief
and sav»*s much. trouble later.
The proper treatment for a hardened
muscle resulting from n bruise Is to let
watrr us hot ns can be endured run on
a towel thrown over the Injured muscle.
Give this treatment hnlf an hour three
times a day, with light massage after
wards. An application^ of laudanum and
lfadwatcr. half and half. l« good for the
fresh bruise. Soak absorbent cotton In.
the liquid and bind I', over the bruise.
field game? as *ell as to thi beginning of
football training. There is tt>o much of
long, wearing crost-ccuntry running. t
Don't overtrain. That m<*an» simply da
not take too much of that good thing, ex
ercise. Temperament has much to do
with this. A high-strung, nervous lad
will g*-t ovr-rtrsinetl on exc:clfc tbat will
not fease a more stolid boy. The high
school p!aycr should study himself anl
regulate his practice accordingly.
If he is hiRh-str'inp on-i foin«.*8>nat ex
citable be must not try to do tho same
amount nt work a? the easy-going Mlow
next to him.
If he iloea he will surely go to pieces.
Symptr.ms of overtraining are nervous
ness. 4i*>adaohes, loss cf appetite, failure
to s!»»ep. constant thirst, feverish stom
ach, aching muscles.
It Is difficult for a boy to kn?w when
he Is going "stale," particularly as ho
ma> apparently be in the pink of condi
tion and a little ov»»r*»x*»rtlon or overeat
ing push«»s him o,v«-r th«? line and the sea
son* training go*-s for nothing.
A player may go stale In one night by
lying awake and thinking over and over
the play* that he expects to execute In
the next day's big game.
The only safeguard Is for you to watch
carefully your own condition, and If any
of the symptom? given above appear con
sult^a physician or a trainer.
Above all. use common sense, which Is
the greatest factor in all athletic training.
If an athlete doesn't use his own brains
there'll not be much chance of hi« win
ning glory with his brawn.
I have In mind thf case of a college
sprinter, the hope of his college, an athlete
who was performing wonders. One day ho
foolishly gave way to his enormous appe
tite and ate a ridiculously large amount of
beefsteak. Jt made him sick, he w*.»t
stale, his trainer failed to g*-t him back In
condition, and he lost all IiIh events nrvl
his college the annual field day.
Don't indulge In the luxury of a hot
bath. When you com*? in from practice
go over the body with a rough towel. 'then
take a lukewarm shower to git the dirt
off, graduating It to cold. Finally, rub
alcohol and water, half and half, on the
chest and back to prevent catching cold.
Hoys ran h<-lp each other' out in this rub
bing, as usually two or more of them are
taking their showers at the same place.
A cold batb in the morning Is very fine.
Leave the water as cold as It corned
from the pipe, fill the tub. rub down with
a rough towel, jump In and then out at
one* and dry the body with a rough towel.
Dun't expose yourself to colda. Great
care must be taken both on the field and
while in the bath or the rubbing room.
I.'ixk out for drafti.
Don't stand around unclothed after the
bath until you are chilled.
During practice don't lie down to rest In
your damp clothes.
This l.< very Important.
A high /school captain or manager shouM
>>\u25a0': to it that if a man Is taken out of a
practice name he either be sent to the
bath and rub-down or else be kept stamJ-
Ing up and moving around. During rest*
In a practice or game the boys should not
be allowed to fling themselves down on
lh« ground. These Indiscretions lead to
cold* and pneumonia and sometime* to
P'-rmamuit lung trouble and early death.
A strong, hucky boy Is likely to* look
with Indifference upon advice of this sort,
but he 1m an likely to be a victim ns any
one. Both In athletics and In soldiering
it it a matter of statistics that the big
fellows are the ones that succumb to
colda, pneumonia and consumption.
Don't neglect ?our sleep. If you can
Bleep ae late as half past seven, go to bed
•• IGH SCHOOL, boys make more
I \ mistakes ia their training for foot
1] ball games by doing the wit.?
A 7 thing at critical times than they 3o
•"^ ttrou^h failure to train hard and
conscientiously. A slight error in Judc
tnent. a little overexertion. a cold taken
after practice, and the boy t? chancfs to
make the team are g. n\ ami th<» benetlcial
results of his exercise and training arc
icrn down and possibly trip seeds of *nme
permanent ailir.ent sown.
The college player has a tralrer to look
out lor his welfare, rubbers to keep him
la trim and a physician attentive to his
condition ar.cl needs. The high school boy
must generally be his own trainer, do
\u25a0without a 'physician's care, and thank
obliging schoolmates for all the rubbing
he sets. But he is alert and progressive.
ajid works -wonders with The means at
hie disposal. A few "don'ts" may be laid
down for him that will h*>ip him to avoid
tome- of the pitfalls of. the training sea
ton.
•'Training season"— that Is bad. My
f.rst "don't" Ehall be: Don't expect to
r*coire an athlete in one short training
f-a-'an. Go into It as part of your educa
tion, and be content with gradual results.
Take care of yourself all the year. In
vacation don't loll in a hammock and
Hack* cigarettes. Do a little hard work
cr climb a mountain, or row a boat—any
thing to broaden your shoulders, set your
muscles and give you endurance. You'll
tlnd more pleasure In It than In growing
fiabjjy from laziness.
Now then for training season prohibi
tions:
There must be no smoking nor drinking.
EZQjoking is the most dangerous thing that
any athlete In training can do. It cuts
Tola wind, and no man who smokes can
(T*t In proper condition. This means all
use of tobacco — chewing as well as srook
ing. Cigarette* are worse than cigars,
became the smoke Is usually "inhaled." I
\u25a0would rather a football player should
smoke fire good cigars than one misera
ble llttie cigarette. But cut the cigars
out. too.
All drinking of alcoholic beverages u
tabooed. The high school boy is not train
ing hard enough to require an occasional
etimuiar.t in the form of al««, sometime*
given to college players. Its use by the
echool boy Is never necessary and Is gen
erally an abuse.
Don't *.at pastry, cak^s, candies,
tweets, strong spices or sauces or salads
with vinegar or mayonnaise dressing.
These thing* give a tendency to indiges
tion. They "sour the stomach" and run
down the system. The stomach is weak
ened, end wh'-n the struggle of a game
Is on the playr is selz<d with nausea—
a common occurrence in high echool
games. Fr!f-d or lyormalse potatoes, frl^d
ergs and other dJsh»» that hold grease.
must be J«*t alont. A regular training
table diet i.«. an excellent thing for tha
boy. and. jij-- it is Hlmiile and Inexpensive,
th^ high pef.ool p!ay«-r'a mother will gen
t-rally h<; pleased to establish a little
training tabl* all for li'-r boy. For the
txsneflt of those who would do this I will
give the training table bill of fare at
the end of «hls article.
Remember this: A Ftrong, healthy
stomach i» indispensable, in the physical
condition of any athl«»t»». Th*rr»-in lion on'?
•jf the hardest problems of training, and
the boy who x.<Ax*>n It for himself may w«*ll
be proud of hi» achievement.
Don't dally with Iced drinks of any sort,
particularly after practice. Th*-y produce
cramps Vid dysentery. A little led i<a
may be u?<--d at meals.
Do no h«-avy weight lifting. There Is
danger of Ktraining or rupturing muscles.
A boy's muscles are not properly set to
p*rrnit of cuch tests.
Don't take any ten-mile* cross-country
runt. They only tire you out and put you
back in your training. A three or four
mile crocs-country run with a sprint at
the finish U the proper thing. Thl» ap
p!ies to the early 'training for track and
10
HOW TO TRAIN A
YOUNG FOOTBALL
PLAYER- "v. ;,..v. ;,\u25a0 -i pV--,VnvV ; V 7. .) .;•\u25a0-••; :,.
-TELE'; t&ttip&Yfi CALIi!
poly bear fashion. The cub is standing
erect, batting the mother with both paws.
She is rolled upon her back and Is batting
back, all feet In the air. v ; ',
The lynx kitten j la a lesson in natural
history to -most^people, ,for it is eiafo to
sajf that : verylfow of us know what | a
lynx kitten looks like. It Is softly hunched
their eyes. He learned i their moods, too,
and those moods are many. Then, with
all the phases of them indelibly impressed
upon his mind, he went back to his work
shop and proceeded to make mountain
lions.
He has a menagerie of them now In his
studio. There are angry ones and calm
ones, but In every one can be felt tha sav
ago power lurking behind even a sleeping
exterior. There is a hidden alertness un- '
d>r the calm. There is quite as much to
fear In the one lying romfortably on the
ground, apparently ready to settle down
for a hap, as in the fiercely growling one
with teeth displayed.
The coyotes are acquaintances of his,
too. He hns seen them skulk away and
he has reproduced that skulk. \u25a0 There Is
a little fellow sneaking off with his tail
between his legs In typical wolf fashion.
The backward glance, the nervous hurry
of the whole ng-ur», show a close knowl
edge of the ways of this animal that is as
cunning as the fox, as cowardly, as only
himself. Tho leanness of him 1 shows the
frugality of his desert sustenance that
makes many a dinner on ono tiny lizard
for wanj of finding anyblgger game that
-: ' -.: -v ' . - - I
Is sick or hurt enough to offer no resist*
ance. ' * •.\u25a0'"\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0 : > :; : : , H .;
Another coyote,, a small figure of whit*
clay; has a howl raised to the heavens
above.
There are some figures of black bears.
Ono clever character study is of a mother
bear and cub * frolicking gayly. in I roJy-
THE enimal* of California have
Jound a new friend-
He is Arthur Putnam, a young
sculptor, who has been studying
tbe wild cr.'.n.a'.b of California,
mountains and de**ris In the ncm- ha.ll
fcllow-wll-inet way that Ernest Beton-
Thomp'on hes done. Uut Mr. Putnam
ha* ciir>*<»n tola own- way of lnten*retin«
thoVe chum* «>f bis. It ii by means of
tb" sculptor's art He Is now u»in»j clay
and looking forward to the greater per
manence cf marble.
He hs« set up a studio here in the mWn
of us, a studio where mountain lions and
coyote* and bears Jn clay and bronze peer
at you from c?v*»ry shelf. Mr. Putnam
made his headquarters on a ranch near
San TtU-s.it while he was setting: acquaint
ed with the originals of thes« figures.
From the ranch he made frequent excur
sions I, ark into the mountains. He camped
and hunted, and above all he watched.
He watched tho mountain lions tvtry
one of the rare* times that he could set a
' elrht of one. He studied their poses,
Fi-a^ful and powerful and catlike. JIo
learned how strong their great paws aro,
bow splendid their muscles, how piercing
up r catlike; its' body is soft and plump,
for It has not grown' lean' with the' re
sponsibility of foraging for itself, and its
tall is "'wind and short and curled; * .
1 • Putnam'V love lor horses^ shows In his
studies of bronchos. He lived long enough
on tho southern ranch ' to become pretty
thoroughly acquainted with them, \ and
with the men who rifle them as well. He
has. made studies of thenVIn colors, but
the art 'of tho sculptor Is the one he al
ways returns to as % his favorite means of
execution. A lively colt in' clay, a young
broncho, snows great action, its head
tossing and a wild scamper, evidently in
prospect." ,j
Another broncho, with a cowboy on his
back, is loafing during a lazy Interval in
the ' cow-punching profession.' In fact,
both of them are loafing— the cowboy*
with his leg thrown over the pommel of
the raddle, and the horse brushing files
from bis forelegs, with head down. The
whole is the picture of a warm, lasy aft
ernoon. ; ;\u25a0':\u25a0• .'.\u25a0 . ' ,
Arthur Putnam has not always been at
work : with" clav. He could not afford to
give" up his time to modeling until two
years' ago. Bet had his own way to make,
and art in its early phases is not a bread
and butter Disposition, "so he tried , a' lit
tle of everything that was "prosaic and
.money-making" and* uninteresting. . Now
he has set himself up In a San Francisco
studio, and he is making up with a will
for all the lost' time of those years when
be was not-boiling.
Dark green hanging* "poften the l!ght
and servs as a relief to the shcstly white
Inhabitants ot that great room. There the '
animals are perched in every conceivable
nook and corner. There, too. are human
figures, for Putnam does not confine him
self to animals, good friend of them
though he Is. ;
•fit isn't so ,very different after all. ."•
working from human models." he says.
"There's a good deal about people that is
just like the animals."
And a good deal of the human In beasts.
judging from the character studies he has
to show. The cowardice of the coyote, s
the cruelty of the lion, the playfulness
a^nd mother-love of the bear— they are all
human enough.
Putnam Is trylns.his hand at other an!-,.*.
mals, too. besides thos* of California. He
has a study of an Eastern Uo'n and an- \u25a0
other of a tiger and a serpent gripped in'}}-.
deadly conflict. • ,
, .Putnam Is young and his work > Is: 'only .;-»
begun as yet. He has begun honestly.^
that is the great thing.' Ha is reproduc- v
Ing what he has seen ' with hts, own «y«sl
and .with no other man's.;- Which Is not i!
so common a "way. " when you come \u25a0 to «*j
think of It. SARAH C0M3T0CK. '
11
CALIFORNIA ANIMALS IN CLAYTHE SUNDAY CALL.
12EPI8COPAL BISHOPS LATINO -<;COR->
NER8TONE OF ALL. 8AIXT8' CHAP-*
EL AT 8AN MATEO. 1 ' , . ; •» '. • \, \
New Postofflce Order Made.
WASHINGTON, -Oct. ».~By. the re-
Carnegie LUbrary for Nashville.
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. Oct. W.-Andrew
Carnegie hnH .offered a $100,000 library . to
Nashville on tho usual terms,*, .\u25a0•r'.'V.
Drainage Project Abandoned.
WAKHINGTON. Oct. 1D.-Tlie State De
partment has been Informed United
Stau-s Consul Hill at Amsterdam, under
d«t« of September 23, that the project of
drainage <,t tho Zuydtr Zee and adding
ntv/ and fertile lands to the kingdom of
The N«-thcrlands has been withdrawn
from th»? Ktates General by the new MJn
•«?). The matter thus has been disposed
f» probably for a long period. HUI say*
tVu the state of the Dutch budget renders
such an undertaking at this time inad
vl*abl«\ 8Rd. moreover, the fall In th«
price of land has diminished the demand
for new agricultural holdings.
- FAIR PLAY, Colo;.' , Oct. 19.— Mrs. Ettle
Valllc. who was accused of complicity in
the murder of her husband, Uplide Vullle,
m-att discharged from , custody at the con-'
elusion of her preliminary, hearing, >no ev*
Idepce having been I produced . to connect
her! with thd ; crime. •, Charles Baker, who
Is charged with the murder of ValUe, on
whose ranch he ; had been employed.
waived examination and was bound over
t 0 ?.'.*?!* 1 ! "•*"\u25a0"\u25a0• "' '. ' '.;; V; _\u25a0:\u25a0 V-
Woman Exonerated by a Court.
STOCKTON, Oct. 19.— Workmen exca-^
vatlng for foundations for a building at
8t. Joseph's Home. Just outside the north
ern llmljs of 'town, to-day unearthed the
skeleton of a human being three feet un
der ground. The bones were crowded into
a small space In such a manner as to Indi
cate that they had not been. Interred In
the ordinary way. the body evidently hav
ing been doubled up and forced ' Into a
hole.; The position of the skeleton gives
rise to the theory that a murder was com
mitted years;ago and the body burled to
hldo tho crime. i
Workmen Unearth a Skeleton.
IS.' is. two additional kull(!lngs were put up.
and were occupied by the dean and by the
rrFldcnt professor. The original house.
Gibbs Hall, is now used strictly as a
school building for dormitory, chapel and
recitation uses. The school now has twen
ty alumni, nine students, a faculty of five
p.Tfessors and a lecturer.
When the Church Divinity School was
mr.de possible by the Rift of a building
nr.-.l land and an endowment of $20,000 by
the late Gecrge W. Gibbs nnd the donation
by nn Eastern layman of S20.000. Bishop'
Nichols determined to establish an Insti
tution that would reflect credit on the
church and yesterday he saw the work
bepin.
/The property donated by Mr. Gibbs con
sists*' of four nnd one-half acres of land
in one of San Mnteo's choicest locations.
Tl'c site of the new edifice is on the sum
mit of a hill and will be the first of many
buildings to be erected on the Mission type
of architecture. - < ,
LIGHTHOUSE KEEPERS '
ARE LOST IN THE SEA
Small Boat Capsizes and the Men
Strive in Vain to Save Their
-' - Lives.
' HARBOR SPRINGS. Mich.. Oct. 19.—
Keeper Garrett Bourfosau of SkilllgaJlce
Island, light, hear Macklnac Island, and
his assistant. Walter- Grubblns. ; perished
on Lake Michigan near Cross Village to
day. i .
The men had come to the village to pro
cure: supplies and left In a .sailboat for,
the 3 island yesterday. A heavy 3ca was
running at the. time and it Is thought the
men were .unable to handle the boat.. -The
boat came ashore at Cross Village to-day,
with- the body'of Orubblns lashed to tho
rigging, but Bourissau has not been found.
NewQypium Combine.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— The new gypsum
combine,', which is to be incorporated un
der the name of the United States Plas
ter Company, will bo In operation in De
cember. Nearly forty plaster mills and
adamant plants, It Is said, 1 are' under con
tract for purchase by the new company.
The present output of these plants la
about 750,000 ° tons annually. The new
company will control, so It Is said, twenty
thousand acres of gypsum land In' the
United States. : ; .
The letter grows out of the fact that
tho association filed charges with Police
Commissioner Murphy against Deputy
Devery, accusing Dcvery of "Injustice,
tyranny and oppression." . ,
Murphy did not entertain the accusation
and the association then filed the charges
with Mayor Van Wyck, and in addition
charged Colonel Murphy with malfeasance
In ofllcf! for his action In the matter. This
was October 2, and, not getting an answer
from Mayor Van Wyck, another letter
was sent October 17. The above is the
answer. ,' • \u25a0
"I am directed by the Mayor to, Inform
you that the charges against Police Com
missioner Murphy and the paper* there
unto attached, filed by you. having been
examined and considered, the said charge*
have this day been dismissed by the
Mayor."
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— D. Le Roy Drca
ser. president of the Merchants' Associa
tion, to-day received a letter signed by
Alfrr-d C. Downs, secretary to the Mayor.
Th« letter was dated from the Mayor's
ofllec end read:
Mayor Van Wyck Dismisses Charges
Made Against Them by New
York Merchants.
MURPHY AND DEVEEY
STILL •' CONTROL POLICE
tsa LEVEN Episcopal Bishops. In.
their robes of office, and the local
Episcopal clergy of San Fran-
clsco -and Ban ' Mateo assisted
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols
of California yesterday' afternoon in the
laying of the cornerstone of a new chapel
at the Church of Divinity School at San
Mateo. - The scene was solemn and Im
pressive. '.
It was a little after 4 o'clock when the
ceremonies commenced. Bishop Nichols
and his guests reached San Mateo about
3:30 o'clock and were received' by a. bat
talion of 'cadets from Bt. . Matthews
School. The residents of San Mateo had
placed \u25a0 dragH. victorias and coaches at
the disposition -of the visitors. Colonel
W. R. Parnell, the military Instructor of
the school, formed the cadets In-line, and.
headed by their band,. escorted the long
line of showy' equipages .to the grounds.
On one aide of the winding road chll
! dren of all ages from the Armltage Or-
Impressive Ceremo-'
nies Mark Event
of Interest.
Students of San Hateo
Colleges Attend in
Numbers.
ARRESTED ON CHARGE
OF BEING AN ASSASSIN
Virginia Police Seek to Probe *hs
Mystery of a Secret
Crime.
RICHMOND. Va., Oct. 19.— Some days
ago John CV-Brlen. superintendent of the
departments of the Richmond Locomotive
Works, .was \ shot and instantly killed
while standing at the gate of the works,
and -a few. minutes before a fellow work
man * us shot, in tho head and seriously
wounded.
The affair remained a mystery until to
day, when R. Edwards of Chelsea Hill,
opposite the works, was arrested. Ed
wards.stands charged with the murder of
O'Brien. He denies the charge. He had
been employed at the works, was dis
charged and has since been unemployed.
VESSEL GOES . DOWN
IN A GALS 017 ERIE
Steamer Passes Through Wreckage
and a Tug Is Sent to Hake
\ "' Ssarch.
BUFFALO. N: Y.. ; Oct. .19.— It was
learned to-night that-- a vessel foundered
In Lake Erie, off Long Point. In the fifty
mile gale that swept over the lake Friday
night and this morning. The captain of
the steamer Dopna Conna. which arrived
at Port; Colborne this afternoon, brought
the first news of the disaster. He reported,
having passed through the wreckage of
what was evidently a two-masted vessel
with a- single smokestack. Large quan
tities of lumber, ties and shingles were
floating about. A tug put out from Port
Colborne to investigate and has not yet»
returned. ,; ' : :;-\ll-l '-:*\u25a0''.-.* >:
in Greater New York.
Begistration
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.—The four days'
registration in the • boroughs comprising
Greater New York closed to-night'with, a'
total .result of 614,S12. The rejiatratloa
one year ago was 649.777* -••'.> \
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.-The . Schley
court of Inquiry believes that all the im
portant testimony Is now In and Is cast
ing about for a place to hold Its sessions
to make up Its verdict. .; ,; . .
It 1h certain that the court will not hold
that any one of the paragraphs of the
precept Is founded In fact. If the court
has any criticism to make of Schley It
will not be of such a character as would
warrant any « of the paragraphs .' of \u25a0 the
precept, and It Is said on high authority
to-night the court will declare for a vin
dication In full when Admiral Bchlcy. takes
the stand. It will probably give him cred
it for what he did as being In' command
and -wholly responsible In all matters of
judgment.
Will Probably Give Him Full Credit
for His Work in the Battle /
\u25a0, Off Santiago.
COURT OP INQUIEY
WILL VINDICATE SCHLEY
sclndlng of the order and instructlonH l»
iiucd last April the-Postofllce Dopartmrnt
now holds that additional . Inscriptions
which -trie' law uuthorlzcs to -be" placed on
the wrapper, cover, tag or label accorn
panylng fourth class mull mutter may he
placed likewise on the matter Itself.
After the singing of the proccsxlonal
hymn the One. Hundred and Thirty
second Psa'.m was sung. This was fol
lowed by the I^ord's Prr.yer and thp col
le^tji pro? crlbed by the rubrics. A part
of the One Hundred and /Thlrty-nlxth
Psalm was read, after which Ucv. J. O.
Lincoln of th« school read a list of the
articles to he placed -in the cornorstonc.
These were:
\u25a0 nirhop Talbot . of Central IVrnrylvanU.
IIlshr>p Johrrron of I»s An«:i»t:s. DUhop Mcr«-
land of Pacrain^nto, \V.r\\n\i Morrl* of Oregon,
nifhop R. J- Nevlna of llonir. Ituly: Iltuhop
Willis of Honolulu. Hlfhop Mart, srcret.iry of
the Houso of -Bishop*: Bishop Whit* of Mich!
tan City, nifhop McKIm of Tnl:io, ir.ifhop H<>>
mour ftf . Rprinsflcld and Hlshop I^onard of
Salt I-akP.
ols led the visiting Bishops. They were
phanage were drawn up. In double lines.
Massed to the west were a group of ladles
attirnd In summery costumes and the
young ladles of St. Margaret's School.
The cadets formed to the east, and while
the guests and Bishops retired to don
thrlr robes the colloce band played a
number of nacred selection*. •
• Headed by a Juvenile vested choir, the
divinity students nt the fchool. tha clergy,
and nisho:»s following, the procession
ptarted. Processional hymn 4S3 v/ai suns
as all took their !»laccs about the corner
stone that was to be laid. Rlsho? Nich-
\u25a0 Kach vlaltor was presented with a sou
vir.ir of the occasion In the «hape of a
b«">K bound In purple and printed in gold,
containing the hymns and prayers used on
the occasion and a. brief .description of the
school! 'The school was opened by Bishop
Nichols on October' IS. 1393. In March.
having •been a fugitive from Justice for
five 1 years. He Is charged with cmbez
slln'ar about $3000 from the t rust . "company,
of which he was proprietor. He had been
In the West until a short time ago.
After his arrest Smith said the com
pany's loss was due to. his bad judgment
of the value of certain securities on which
he made loans: \u25a0 . . ' : ..'.• ".
Dr. Hart spoke In prnlse of the devo
t'mi of ItlsOwp Nichols nnd the zeal he
rrrnhlfe?ted for the \u25a0welfare of his s'.udents.
characterizing the building under . course
of erection as n most cndurlnir monu
ment. Hymn 219. "O 7.\on Hns-te. Thy
Minion KuinillnB." wm suns 'by all pres
ent. •
IMshop Seymour of fiprlnsfleld spoke a
fc-w words of hope for .the success of the
nihool nnd commendation for the work of
I!i>ht|» Nichols. Very Rev. Angu? Craw
ford, dean of. the Virginia .Theological
Seminary, nnd Bishop Lconnrtl of Salt
I«nl:d spoke In similar strain. The latter
Is particularly Interested In the school and
Its success, ns he Is one of the PaclJlo
Coast Bishops having official relations with
the HChool. The final prayers were read
l»y Bishop Nichols, nfter which the bene
diction wan pronounced. Recessional
hymn 263 was sung as the clergy ami chor-
Istcrv retired.
History cf the School.
too. has put onlts best irarb. signifying- that
Ocd looks down with favor upon the projsct.
Prelates Lift Voices in
Praise of the Un
dertaking.
AH Sainti Is the Name
Cho.sen for the
Edifice.
Philadelphia; rbcti , w.-Henry j.
Smith, at one! time president of » the Lans
dale (Pa.) Trust 'and Bafo Deposit Com
pany, was arrested . hero . to-night after
Former President of a Firm in the
. • \u25a0 East Arrested for Alleged \u25a0••*>. .
1 '' '\u25a0 EmbeEBlemwit j
CHARGED WITH A CRIME ...
AFTER LONG ABSENCE
WASHINGTON. Oct. W.-PreMdent
Roosevelt hns approved the death j sen
tence Impo3cd,'n the case of Private' Wil
liam Wynes, Company 1, Twenty-fourth
(colored) Infantry, found guilty of mur
der In Pangaslnan. Philippines, and sen
tenced to be hanged.
The President directs that the sentence
be duly carried into execution it a time
and place, to be designated by the com
manding general of the Department of
Northern Luzon. ' ."\u25a0 " .>.
In the case of Private Michael H. Rob
inson, Company F, Twenty-fifth (colored)
'Infantry, Convicted of to the
enemy, also In I he Philippines and also
sentenced to bo hanged, the President has
commuted, the sentence to dishonorable
discharge and confinement at hard labor
.for life. \u25a0'•\u25a0' ":';'\u25a0\u25a0. y \u25a0 \u25a0 v --'"-' • : .• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' ; ! ' ''
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT ' .
A PPRO VES THE SENTENCE
Negro Soldier Must Pay the" Death
Penalty for Committing. Mur- .
dcr in Philippine*. ' ' <
IMshnp Nlt-hol* rctlrrrl and Rev. Samuel
Hart. D. D., vice dean of the Berkeley
Divinity tfchool. delivered the first of th<»
formal ndiiresap*. He *ald Ihe occasion
v:is one- of;'decp religious significance to
nil. Continuing he raid:
'The o'.<l<sr nclioo! welcome* if n younger
brother and \u25a0 predicts for it yearn of great UM«
fulnera. Thin corner-str.ne which haa Juat been
laM In but the bexlnnlnc of a jrrcat Institution
where nought' but "the truth* of our 'holy, ret I •
lilnn will be taught. ., It I* Inld under unuiual
circumstances and carrle* with It the blessing*
of Ulnhrps from: all over the world. A* It. will
rlne mone hy "tone Into a completed Mructure,
•o will Its sphere of Influence extend. . Nature.
Bishop Blesses the Stone. )
As the stone was lowered Into position
Hlshop Nichols struck It* three times with
a h.-.mmer and Mild:
In the name of the- Father, and of the Son,
nml of the Holy Ohoit. amen. I lay 'the cor
r.er-rton«« of an edifice, to be here erected" by
the r.ntne of A!l Hn'.ntu* Chapel of the Church
D:\lnlty School of the Pacific In .the <lloce*e of
Callfrrnln,. to bo devoted to the . »crvlre of
.MmlKhty God; nmrrilnir to the doctrine', din-
Ctpllr.O anri.wonihlp <>( the I'rntrittant EpUros>al
rhurrh In the t'nlted Stntf* i.f AmeNra.
Other foundation .ctn r.o man Uy thnn that
which Ik laid. '»v*n Je»u« Chrfit; who IbGo<1
ever nfl. Mcrecd f<;r rverwcri*. In whom we
l-.avc rrdenr.jitlon through M% Mood, even the
fonclvenerf of iln. Amrn.
Th* catalogue* of the varloun KplrcT"!
•;hoola In th* dloctve. a book of - common
prayer, reports of th# late Episcopal convtn
tion and rnplea of late church paper* and the
Han Franct»co pap*r» of the day.
The box wan sealed In the presence of
the officiating' clergy and placed In the
i»!"iie. • .
"Wounded: Martin G. Lyons,, lung,
wounded in neck, serious: Robert L.
Hampton, lung, skull, serious; Jack M.
Russell, thigh, serious: Henry Stierle,
cheek, serious: Frank McAndrew, back,
head, slight: Musician Charles W. Buck,
wounded in shoulder, slight; Eugene D«
Witt, wounded in thigh, serious.
"CHAFFEE." .
"Killed-George Teachant. William H.
Richie. Edward F. Burns. Carl M. John
son." William Lef tin. Jack Pleoplis, Charlie
Wilson. Orville J. Dromgoole.
"Died 1 from wounds received in action:
First Sergeant William F. Gonnley. John
D. Kelly.
The names of the killed and wounded of
Company E. Ninth Infantry, in the en-
KCftment with bolomen on the" Candara
River, Island of Samar. last Wednesday,
are given In a cablegram received at the
War Department from General Chaffee.
As made public the cablegram follows:
"MANILA, Oct. 19.— Adjutant General,
Washington: With reference to my tele
gram of 18th. following casualties. Can
dara River. October 16. Company E, Ninth
Infantry:
Ninth's Casualty List.
General Chaffee has advised the "War
Department that the withdrawal of en
listed men whose terms of enlistment
hav« expired must begin next month and
in compliance with this request three ad
ditional transports have been ordered to
the Philippines.
It was rumored at the War Department
to-day that it had been decided to send
17.001' additional troops to the Philippines.
This rumor has not been confirmed, but
It would not be surprising should at least
this number be ordered.
17,000 Additional Troops.
Acting Secretary Sanger has taken action
In anticipation of the transportation of ad
d'tlcnal men to Manila. Instructions have
tetr. given recruiting officers to prepare
to send recruits now on hand to Manila.
A regiment of Infantry will probably sail
by December 1 on the transport Crook
from New York. Another regiment will be
assembled In San Francisco and sail for
MiT.lla on the Grant. The Infantry regi
ments available are the Twenty-seventh,
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, but it
has not been determined which of these
or whether all three will go. Secretary
Eeot will decide this Important poiat-
CALL BUREAU, 14C6 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.—Secre
tary Root will return to "Washington next
week and the first important question be
will take up will be that of sending of re
ij.fcicements to the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This Accounts for Action in
Refusing to Lower Sum
Demanded.
Thick mists eer.erally envelop th* re
ipfon la autumn, preventing even tixpp.
x.enced mountaineers from traveling.
Early In the ireek one of the missionary
marchers actually located the band, and
was approaching their retreat when the
trigandR, apparently fearing the approach
'A troops, shifted their quarters and track
of them wa* again lost. Now, however,
'hat the troops have been called off the
directors of the cearchers arc hopeful of
making better progress, though they point
out that even after the brigands are
found the negotiations may be prolonged,
especially in vl*w of the lack of telegraph
facilities'.
Locates the Brigands.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 13.— Neither
W. V. r . Peet, treasurer of the American
Bible House, nor Spencer Eddy, secretary
of the United States legation, had re
ceived any news up to noon to-day from
the missionaries who are searching for
the brigands who kidnaped Ml?s Ellen M.
Stone and her <xmpan!on, Madame Tsilka.
Peet and Eddy had a long conference
to-day as to the advisability of reinforc
ing the searchers, but decided that the
present arrangements sufficed.
Consul General Dickinson remains at
Sofia and will operate from there until
the liberation of Mies Stone is accom
plished.
The difficult nature of the country
handicaps the searchers, and heavy rains
ha\-e increased the difficulty in tra\-«r«!ng
the paths which are th* only moans of
a^ccus to the hiding places of the; bandits
In the rugged mountain range.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. IS.—Charle
magne Tower, United States Embassador
to Russia, has returned here from Berlin
and is continuing- his exertions In behalf
of Miss Stone. The Russian Foreign Of
ncs Is showing sympathy and will assist
Tower. He has seen Dr. Standoff, the
Bulgarian representative here. and
through him has informed the Bulgarian
Government of the Interest taken in the
case in the United States. Tower learned
through Dr. Standoff that the Bulgarians
have cleared the frontier region where
the brigands are supposed to be hiding of
«he entire population, in order to sur
round the brigands more effecti\-ely.
According to the latest reports received
\u25a0t the embassy the brigands are Inclined
*o surrender to Bulgaria, and it is still
hoped, in view of Consul General Dickin
son's negotiations, that the life of Mis?
Stone will be saved.
No News From Abductors.
Russia Showing Sympathy.
Tie authorities have been considerably
astonished by the nrmness displayed by
the brigands in the negotiations. Ordin
arily a. demand for ransom Is made with
the expectation that a smaller sum will
be offered, which will be acceptable. The
declination of the brigands who kidnaped
Miss Stor.e to consider a smaller ransom
then that originally demanded is an'In-"'
dicatior. of the strength of thelr'bellef
that they will not be attacked, at least
\u25a0while they have Miss Stone in their pos
session, and it has led to the suspicion
that they have a?er.ts who are keeping
them well informed, as wt'.l as to the sug
gestion that one of the governments con
cerned is sympathetically interested in
their adventure.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. ?s . '
IV., WASHINGTON. Oct. IS.-The refusal
of the brigands who abducted Miss Stone
to accept a smaller ransom than they
original!y fixed has led the administration
to suspect that they have a representative
in New York who Is advising them by ca
tile cf the F"osress in raising the amount
demanded. Confident, as a result of the
representations of the United States, that
they will not be attacked by either the
Turkish cr Bulgarian troops, the brigands
can quietly wait until the ransom has
been cc'.!ected and is in the hands of Mr.
Eddy, secretary of the American legation
in Constantinople, ready for transfer upon
the production cf the captive.
One Government Concerned.
Special rn*r»atch to The Call.
Life "Will Be Spared by the
Bold Renegades.
Sow That Troops Have Ceased to
Pursue It Is Hoped Hiss Stone's
Names of the American Soldiers
Killed or Wounded in the Second
Ambush of the Ninth In- y
fantry on Saxnar. _,JT' >
It Is Rumored That Seventeen
Thousand Fresh Men Will
Go to the Islands.
Recent Disasters Show
the Necessity of Re
inforcements.
Every Step in the Prog
ress of Ransoming Is
Cabled to Brigands.
ABDUCTORS
HAVE AGENT
AT NEW YORK
MORE TROOPS
TO SAIL FOR
PHILIPPINES
EPISCOPAL BISHOPS PARTICIPATE IN LAYING
CORNERSTONE OF DIVINITY SCHOOL CHAPEL
Pae;es 13 to 24
Pages 13 to;24
PKICE FIVE CENTS:
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20,' 1901— THIRTY-SIX PAGES.
VOLUME XC— NO. 142.
The San Francisco Call.LOWELL. Mass.. Oct. 19.— The Mer
chants' National -Bank opened and closed
its doors at the usual hours to-day and
nothing out of the ordinary occurred to
interfere with its business despite the aur-
S rising absence of the teller: Albert C
mlth.. and the bookkeeper. Louis K.
Swift. A slight depression in business
was noticed and Inquiries respecting bal
ances were more numerous, but tho
"run." for which the directors had been
prepared, did not materialize. The bank
had money enough to square accounts
with all depositors.
The most interesting development of
the day was the engagement of counsel to
represent the interests of the missing
men. This information leads to the con
clusion that terms In the direction of a
settlement are soon to be submitted to
the directors. - - . .
The only Information of the probable
loss was given this morning by one of the
directors. Charles J. LJller, who. when,
asked as to whether or not the report that
the loss was $90,000 was likely to be an
exaggeration, replied that he believed it
would turn out to be an exaggeration,
To-night the loss Is thought to be even
greater than that amount, however the
continued all«nce of the directors being
construed as an unfavorable indication.
The whereabouts of Smith and Swift
may be known to their wives, their law
yers and the directors of the bank,- but
all efforts upon the part of others to trace
them have proved unavailing. The cities
of Boston and Montreal are the places
most mentioned in this connection, but
nothing of a definite character has been
found. The houses of the . two men In
Lowell are under constant surveillance by
the police. At a meeting of the bank di
rectors to-night the affair was fully dis
cussed, but at the doee of the meeting
the directors were unwilling to make any
statement.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— The report of
the Merchants' National Bank of Lowell
\u25a0Mass.. made September SO, shows that at
that time the bank declared its condition
In part as follows: Surplus 1200.000. undi
vided profits $104,106. loans and discounts 1
S1.S11.S37. Individual deposits S658.7R0. From
this statement it appears that the bank
could lose $300,000 without impairing it3
capital of $400,000. - * . - "
Lawyers Will Represent
a Teller and a Book
keeper.
BANKERS PLAN
A SETTLEMENT
Our reputation for manufacturers of
only the highest class of machinery, which
has been maintained for half a century.
Is a guaranty of perfect satisfaction in
automobiles, as it haa always been and
still Is in sewing machines.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO..
Pacific-Union Club Building. 300 Post St.,
Cor. Stockton,
San Francisco. Cal. - v
C. A. HAWKINS. General Agent.
Dr. F. H. -Bangs of San Jose made tho
run from San Jose to the top of Mount
Hamilton in 2 hours 14 minutes In *t
"White" steam carriage — less than one
half the time the same trip' was ever
made In. The "White" steam carriage ia
as simple to operate as an electric motor,
with none of the disadvantages ot exces
sive weight and expensive power and re
pairs. We have no water glass to watch;
impossible to burn out the steam genera
tor; no pump or fire regulation by the op
erator—it being only j necessary to turn
on and off the steam, steer the machine
and use your brake In operating It.
It is honestly built of the very best ma
terials and workmanship, all' of which are
fully guaranteed. We have, we believe,
the best automobile ever offered to the
market, which has been proved time and
again In practical tests, r We feel safe in
asserting that there - are more repairs
necessary in one automobile of any other
make, to keep it in proper working order,
than on ten "Whites." j
The "White" steam carriage uses less
gasoline and water than any other car
riage: has less expense for tire mainte
nance and other repairs; and, on tha
whole, can.be operated with far less ex
pense to the owner, as well as far greater
satisfaction, than any other automobile
ever built.*
Is this what you are looking for? If so.
call at our offices and let us prove our
claims. ..>"\u25a0..
"The White Sewing Machine Co., Cleve
land, Ohio, entered four of their steam
vehicles in the run — one in Cla^s A and
three in Class B. These machines made a
better combined record than that of any
other make of either steam or gasoline
vehicles. At many of tbe controls tfc«
"White" wagons would follow Bishop'*
powerful 40 H. P. Panhard la one, two.
three, four order, and the most excellent
performance of the machines was the talk
of the run.
"The flash steam' generator used in this
vehicle has shown Itself to be highly effi
cient and trustworthy. Not a single mis
hap of any' kind happened to the genera
tor or engine on any of these carnages
The good work of the "White' carriage
was especially noticeable. During tne
rainy days, when the roads were la the
worst condition, they used less than a
gallon of water per mile. Every one of
the four made the complete Journey
through to Buffalo, and could have turned
around and made the trip back again to
New York over the same schedule."
We quote the following from the "Cycla
and Automobile Trade Journal" of. Octo
ber l. 1901:
I -\u25a0 Und«.- tfce Auspken of the \
"AQtosobile Club cf America" Fran Hev
York to Buffalo, September, 190!.
AUTOMOBILE
ENDURANCE CONTEST
The Veddahs, or. wild hunters of Ceylon,
mingle the pounded fibers of soft and de
cayed wood with -the honey on which they
feed when meat 1b not to bo obtained.
, BUFFALO, Oct.' W.-The * board , ; ': of
Trustees made an encouraging re-port at
to-day's : session of the Uni versallst gen*
oral < convention. The . canvass .of the
Twentieth Century fund has been a grent
success. -already being beyond the two.ooo
mark. By a unanimous vote of the con
vention the Rev. Dr. Eliot, president of
the American Unitarian Association, was
ftlven a hearing. Dr. Eliot extended greet,
tigs. to the Unlversallsts whom, he said,
the Unitarians regarded as co-laborers. -
Address to the Universal ists.
WASHINGTON. Oct. ,19.-The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Btate-M3eoi"ge~8awtef of Now York.
United States Consul at Antigua. . West
Indies. ; '\u25a0' \u25a0 , ' \u25a0-\u25a0 ' •'•\u25a0•\u25a0-' -- 1
Navy— Joseph G. Eaton, captain; Harry
Knox. captain: George . W. Mentz, . com
mander; Nathan " Sargent, • commander:
John B. Mllton,< commander ;i Charles C.
Marsh,, lieutenant commander. < .
George Sawter of the Empire State
to Go to Antigua West .
PRESIDENT APPOINTS
. : SOME NEW OFFICERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Oct. 19.— An entire town In
Kllckltat County will be sold next week
for: taxes* which have gone unpaid for
nearly ten years. The • town I* North
Dalles, directly across tho Columbia River
from The Dalles, Or. It' was started in
im by Rev. O, D. Taylor, a Baptist min
ister. The Rev. Mr. Taylor Hold a grent
many' iota lo persons in the East, and
especially in Michigan, where he had for
merly preached.. He waa Indicted in
Michigan by,, rcabon ' of his methods In
veiling this property. On tho second trial,
after languishing In Jail for nearly a year,
he wn«. acquitted. '
'.The city, which has boulevards, parks,
projected . street car lines, remotely ex
pected railroads,' a "hoc factory, and. In
\u25a0hort, everything a city ought to have,
nave population, will be sold to the high
est bidder by Sheriff Burgcn. The land
consists* of lava rock and piles of sand,
and there la a considerable amount of
each. • •\u25a0•..\u25a0 . .
It is rumored that a syndicate has been
formed to purchase all of the lots to be
\u25a0old, which number about 5000. The pros
pective purchasers flgure that a city may
yot grow there whenever a railroad i«
built down the north shore of the Colum
bia- Blver. \u25a0 • \u25a0 • : - • ..... 4
Eastern owners of lots, long ago stdnpeA
paying tnxes. and the few buildings which
were erected for booming purposes are
now practically in ruins. • i
All of North Dalles Will
Be Disposed of at
Auction. •.•
SHERIFF TO SELL
TOWN FOR TAXES
Etruria's Captain Experi
ments With Marconi
System.
Special Dltrateh to .The. Call
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.-To-dny marked
the completion of the first trip of the
Ktrurla of the Cunard Line since being
equipped with the Marconi system of
wirek-s* telegraphy. Captain McKay,
the of the steamship, who Is
nlso a fellow of the Royal Geographical
Society, is delighted with the result.
"On Wednesday lust, when in mid
ocean." he said, ."we signaled the Urn
brla at least seventy-five miles away, and
kept up our 'talk' for more than two
hours. At no time wrre tho vesnrls nearer
thnn forty miles of each* other. We ex
changed observations as to weather and
there were greetings sent by the passen
gers on board. , • /
"As wo watched the flashes of the re
ceiver, and about u» tho mix was bare of
even 'a cull, it did seem an though it was
the work of the evil tine, tho message*
apparently coming from an unknown
source.
"Then to-day as 'we were entering tho
lower bay I could see (lie Lucanla going
out. and I asked my operator to call up
the steararr, of which my brother Is com
mander. The Lucanla was about nine
miles away, but a response came quickly,
and then I warned him that I had met a
number of flrihlng schooner" anchored on
the Grand Hanks, which ia ununual at
this senBon of the year. \u25a0 '\u25a0
"I am fully convinced that the Marconi
system of wireless telegraphy i* * of the
greatest valuo to ships at sea." '
Nationalists Name Arthur Lynch.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— The Nationalists of
Onlway have nel«ctcd Arthur Lynch to
context tho vacAncv In the House of Com
mons caused by the <*lovat|on'of Martin
H. F. MorrlH to the peerage. Lynch con
tested tho constituency, as a Paraelllte.
In 1392. nnd served as a colonel with th*
Second Irish Brigado on tha-Hocr side,
oporutltig under General Dotha, and after
ward In the Orange Free State. When
Pretoria foil Lynch ret urnod to France,
where he remained. He would doubtless
be arrested if ho returned to Ireland. i
Three Lives Lost in ft Fire.
A8HBURN. Oa., Oct. 19.— The residence
of Jiil lus Hatcher was destroyed by « .fire,
last night and Hatcher's two sons, John
and Jack, ana his daughter,- Minnie, were
burned to death, . . • . >
Many an ars.or is down at the heel be
cause- o* eton«-bal!asted railroads.
The Berliner Zeitung eulogizes Emperor
Frederick's liberalism, depleting the good
which he might have dono had he lived
longer. .
Three monuments to the lato Emperor
William were unveiled yesterday. One of
these was unveiled at Alx-la-Chapelle in
the rusence of Crown Prince Frederick
William, who afterward retained to Bonn.
The other monnments" were unveiled at
Alensieln and«Fr|edeti4U. Prussia.
The Berliner Neuate Nlchrichten com
plains thnt the. Blomarck monument !\u25a0 In
visible after sunset excepting by th« light
furnished from twe , old-fashionod gas
lamp*, saying that Count von Uulow ac
cepted it Jun<* « In the hope that U would
be illuminated tr a manner worthy of his
great predecessor, and adding that the
Chancellor mny appeal to the city magis
trate who illuminates the statues on the
Steges-AUee. "«ven that of Otto tho Laty,
electrically, and should be willing; to do
the fame for Otto the Diligent."
Thar.ews received hero that Andrew D.
White, the United States Embassador.
will return to Berlin In November to't>tay
hna caused 'great satisfaction In Berlin..
The nation remembers with sorrow the chiv
alrous personage whose tragic destiny It waa to
die when he had hardly entered upon his high
office. His political views when he was a crown
prince differed from ours, n« embracing Liberal
ism In the 40s. But he had a praiseworthy and
hUh regard for his office and subordinated his
Individual Ideas and Inclinations to the common
Interests. •' He will not be forgotten, as a noble
man, patriotic prince and heroic sufferer. The
laurel crowning- his forehead secures him a
place of honor In our history.
BERLIN, Oct. 19.— The seventieth birth
day of the late Emperor Frederick was
quietly celebrated yesterday. In the morn
ing Emperor William placed a wreath of
violets en the sarcophagus. The wreath
had attached » l It a white satin ribbon
with the Initials of their Majesties In gold.
The entrance to the mausoleum and the
monument were boautlfuly. decorated with
flowers, as was the monument'represent
ing the late Empress Frederick.
Early in the morning delegations from
the. different regiments placed wreaths on
the sarcophagus. The city of Potsdam
sent a laurel crown. At noon Princes
Eltcl Frederick. Atiguste and Oscar also
brought floral offerings to the tombs.
Conspicuous among the floral tributes was
a wreath sent by the British colony at
Rio de Janeiro to be placed on tbe tomb
of the late Empress Frederick. During
the day the purple standard of the Queen
of Prussia was floated at half-mast over
the palace of tho Empress Frederick. An
equestrian statue of the late Empress was
unveiled at Nordhausen. Prussian Sax
ony, the ceremony Including a procession.
There were only two editorials in the
papers here on the event The Post says:
Kaiser . Decorates the
Late Emperor Fred
erick's Grave.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 19.— A thief was
engaged in ransacking thfc room of a man
namt-Q Moran in the Fifth Avenue Hotel
to-da.y. when two chambermaids, Nellie
Siebeit and Ida Caulfleld, entered. They
«!ld no t scream at slpht of the intruder,
nor dit' they run. They "•sailed" into the
room f oerfectly undaunted, seized the
bnrslar by the throat and called loudly
for tbe 1 >ollce. Their demand waa heeded
downstairs by a telephone call to the sta
tion.
Jn a f o *\u25a0 minutes the patrol wagon
rolled up with a couple of police officers,
to whem the chambermaids turned over
their prise ner. whom they had not al
lowed to e» cape from their grasp. The
police recognized the thief as Guff Meyer,
a man for whom the department had been
looking, he having- been implicated In
other burgisvies.
Special Kspatch to The Call.
ROYAL WREATH
ON THE TOMB
The greatest demonstration of tho day
was When Senator Hanna' declared he did
not Intend to quit politics or reslgrn as
Senator or chairman of the Republican
National Committee. The crowd assumed
that Senator Hanna was referring to> hts
fellow townsman. Mayor Tom L. John
son. Mayor Johnson to-day mingled free-
ELAWARE, Ohio. Oct. 19.— The
opening of the Republican cam
paign here to-day was the most
largely attended for years. A
feature of the occasion, from the
opening prayer of President Ba*hford of
the Ohio Wcsleyan University to the clos
ing speech of Senator Hanna. was the re
membruce of McKlnley and the appeal
for the support of President Roosevelt.
Governor "Nash and Senators Foraker and
Hanna made addresses. Wheji Senator
Foraker referred to President Roosevelt
entertaining Professor Booker T. Wash
ington, "as a representative of the- colored
race," there were demonstrations of ap
proval by the many colored people pres
ent.
Servant Girls Distinguish
Themselves in Sac
ramento.
SPEAKS SHIPS
WITHOUT WIRES
i;i»-.-it national and International enterprises
an.l :n,iwmin[s are not to be measured by 4ol
i lam tcl rentn. tt> An not exrx'ct to every col
| l^ct one dollar of jiroflt In monry from either
! I'orto Men or Hawaii; and yet. their value \n
I u* U beyond calculation. The one Is essential
tr» the commnrd of the Caribbean Sea. and tho
I othrr la the outpost that protect* our Pacific
| Coant.
\u25a0 What these l«lan>l« are to us here on this side
I of the globe, the Philippines are In us yonder
on the other aide. That t» not all. Whether we
l!k» it or not. we have titcome a world power
I am] rnunt he|n to do the work of the world.
W«« cannot rooflne oursclve* to this continent.
und we h ( t.'i!<1 not If we could. We are des
tlnrd to come and go to and fro throughout the
earth. L*t uo realize and appreciate what w'e
are and are to be.
This Is the golden age of the republic. Our
excppMonal blessing* of Ktrenxth and wealth
and honor have not been given to us for lux
urlou* «>nj<i,vrrent, but for conscientious us* In
the creat rielilx of opportunity that lie about
Km.
The world Is srowlng hett»r. but millions
'1 In- valua uf tba rhlllpplnrs does not depend,
nn their mouirrs. or on the amount of their
trade, any more than thr value of an Isthmian
canal will d-petvV u pen the amount of tolls that
can bt coll"ctr'i.
The ffr»atert business problem with wlilch
American rtatrnnanehlp now has to deal Is
that of finding mark«ts for our fapldly Increas
ing surplus product!*, and the greatest Held for
the development "of ww markets is In the
Orient. Our trade there Is growm* by leap*
unit txiurxls. If tre ar<* wla* wo can liwro««M»
It almont indefinitely; but as It grow*, the ne
cessity Increuaes to mamt.iin the prestige of
our posUInn and alt the advantages upon which
It •le;«*n«li«.
After telling of the worlrt-wlde b«»reave
ment rauy.il by the death, of President
McKlnley, Senator Foraker' reviewed the
policy of the administration In our new
pos?e*Mons nnd In the Orient. He 1 con
cluded as follows: ' ' WBsu* \xn \" \u25a0 •
ly with his political opponent* and* was ac
corded a scat on the platform during the
speakintr.
The weather whs fine. All of. the lead
ers, as well urn the Governor. Senator*.
Congressmen und State officers, were e«
cortcKi to the Hotel Donavan, where the
nx?entlonn were hold previous to the pa
rade. The city waa -profusely decorated.
Pictures of MrKinley. a* well as of Nash.
Foraker and Hanna. were displayed every
where and some of tho banners had quota
tion* from McKlnl«*y'& speeches.
Senator Foraker Speaks.
TWO DOMESTICS
CAPTURE THIEF
NOTED OHIO STATESMAN WHO
OPENED THE REPUBLICAN
CAMPAIGN YESTERDAY.
In 1900. when I found the conitltlor.s In na
tional affair* much the same. I fran>d the ef
fect sn«l result of .hrtns; overconftdeat. The
duty you owe to your families as well an to
the State should be a command to <1 • every
thing. My farmer frtenda. trave the corn un
huxked In the Reid. If need be. ami you men
that work tn the ahops nnd nn the rnarinide.
I pay your time cannot be t>-'ter n.«nt fcr
your own lntrr»»ts than to aiv« the neceiuuiry
time to the poIU and cast your vote* for "Let
well enourh a!on#."
What do we w.ir.t with men to represent
us at the capltnl at Washington? Proper
qualiacatlonx. Has the State of Ohio ever
had an abler, more efficient Senator than Kor
aker? I »ay no, -with you: and I have a
tight to nay It. because I know htm. We. ara
all agreed nn that proposition.
U Ohio goes as she aught to go. 10A.M*) plur
ality for Governor Nash, you will be creating
a rendition of things In th* public mind among
financial circles, among the great commercial
and Industrial Interents. that will add strength
to the foundation* of our prosperity which will
make It lasting, not one year, nor two years,
but fifty years.
I say. without fear of contradiction, that
on all the great economic questions of to-day
the. Republican party Is right and has proved
Itself light. Every promise mode at the St.
Louis convention has been kept and prophecy
has been fulfilled to the letter.
Hunt Is Ooisff.to Stay.
After repeated demonstrations the Sen
ator continued: • ' • .. •
I am going to itay there nr.d »e» !Cash and
Foraker and otl)*r« ihroush If ll'takea ten
Tmni. Thl0 Is no time to •brln* Into tht« <-in.
test any side lasuen or State affairs, inch a<
taxation. 3-ctnt fares. Henry George theories
or unythlnr else ot that kind. (Voices, "He's
gone: he's left the stage." referring. to Mayor
JohpMon.)
1 am not a4<1r»sslnff myivlf.to any personali
ties, htit I say H I* belittltnv this naw,.n
lull o( lm|K>rtanre tn the people, to drag Into
thin foatrrt rbe vaporing! of a deraagrNrue.
'•3>t Well Eaouffh Alouc."
Senator Hanna was next introduced and"
spoke atf follows:
I feel tbe inspiration of this hour. It l» a
Republican day. Thnt l» HeptibUcan \u25a0 veatner.
Tno bright sunshine baa pi<irc«<l thruush- the
HTtoorn which ha» heitf u» like a pall for thirty
aa}« and more,', and in th;it time we have
waited with bowed beads and acning tK-arts.
Kviry prayer and" every tear cam* from tbe
nation 1 !* heart. And now that tne rime baa
*""\u25a0<=«* when ihe'tlag U to reitmln at h*If-ma.«t
and c«n b» again raised at the ma*tbead we \u25a0
are rt-tnladrd of our duty. Wt< are caitod Into
another line of duty and antler these lBffuenee« !
>w» fert the reuponslMllty of that duty. We
are compelW to think nolrmnly and seriously
uf the- sltuutl in. and: although >ihl.i may be but
a State campaign, tx U fran«hr with inwh hh
portam-*. and Its efTeer will be aa generally felt
as any campalcm ever fceM In this or any other
Stan-, r will repeat my text of IBM "Let well
enough alone." U> must iU-knoivtettKe that to*
foundation of the prosperity which ha* come
to tin la rh« renfldmri- that th« peoptr have
In tboao who ore oentroltina- the d«stlnt*» of
thla nation. And when you kno-k n nlmflr prop
from tinder that strurture you nuke a te>
irinnlnii ahl-h wilt end tn the dmtructlflB of
tluit mnfidence and brtnr us back anain to
the condition of six years mo.
Hume ;«r«» Kvrious *iun.ii..n» tn rvrry man;
wrlouw qnentlons to cur Stale and nation; and
It la wiihin our powrr to continue it u li it
or m back t» the condition* which Senator
Wrakcr ha> ia vividly ttverrtbed.
Ff>ll.ivrlriic that terrible tramly. rrotn which
ttila country win not rrtover In months or
years, there- ram* an awfully solemn moment
to «v#ry thinking man tn tba United State*,
and when President tfansKvelt uttered those
words r>» the American people which have been
repeated here to-day he -ltd It with tbe most
serious Intent to serve the best Interests at
hi* country and to secure and guarantee a con
tinuation of this confidence among the peo
ple; and he meant every «mrn of It.
L«t no yellow Journals or blatant demagocnea
•fcake your faith In the cnndltlnns- of this
country to-<iay. an nffwtins* thmw who have th*
responsibility.- I am net going to r»tlr« from
Kittles or public duty. [ have b.» Intention of
rrslirnlng the chalrmansMp of the National
Committee. ....
yet await In darkness the light and liberty we
only, can give. Our good name, our honor,
our selr-respcct. our self-lntereHt and- aluo our
duty, all. alike command us not to turn back,
but to go forward. The way to go tin-ward
It to rt-aUct Governor Nash.
In every sense he personally merits the honor:
He was aeallunt soldier (or the Union. Me
has been a ateaulfeat- upholder oi the Ooctrlne»
and pollciea under which our national great
ness nan been developed. He has given the
State a clean and elnclent administration. He
>s the reoruuentrttlve In this contest of the
policies of President HoKlnley: B1» re-whwtlo.i
wn» bethe best return Mow we ca» Ktve- t> i
'the cowardly crime of anarchy. It will
strengthen the arnr and gladden the heart of
t that splendid 'American upon whom the mantto
of McKlnley ha» faaien; and thl» wV stolid
Cladtjp do. . \u25a0 .
.Tlieodore Roo»ewlt 1* stncularty . wvO
equipped for hi* jreat ofllcr. Htr Is broad
minded. He l« pmgrenive. Hr i» abl«:> iU
1» exnerUaced. Ha U Datrtottr. H*" baa a
spotln* name an* hie' Integrity Is Irrerproscb
able Ite has un«ein»hly conaeerattfd lilw— If
V> htn wurk: H» follows tn the' foot»«e»» of
McKInley. R* | s his worthy stieceaaor. H*
Is ewcutlnr. hl» palleiw: Under his guirtanc*
no- Harm \vli| come to our country. The w!u>l«
Ameriran people owe him their support; thali
cnntMence ami tkety encuurasement . \u25a0 Bwt \u25a0buv» i
all other States Ohio, the lionu? and thr low
restlnjf place" u* jfcKlnley. should approve his
work and honor hl» memory by In4»ratns bts
«tecej>sor. SHch »'• verdict In Norember, wtlH
quicken' the \u25a0pSMt of AmwHcanUm ' anu^
stmictb«R thw courace «r all who h»ve- to '. dmal
with tlto trrp«t problems or ta-dm.y ma« to
morrow. . , . v* j..-
Th*rc was a considerable demonstration
when Senator Poraker concluded. ,. , ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^
Senators Foraker and Hanna Appeal to the Nation to
Uphold Policy of Martyr .-.d? President.
OHIO REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
OPENED BY PARTY STALWARTS
14
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Hsu Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. ! Ute Jacob Strahl*
A Co. usfd. 1S&2). 17 and » Fremont tt-uSn
Installment or rented; also bser apparatus.
COAL. COKE AN.» Pin 1ROX
J. C WILSON & CO. J? ?*"«rr Strwt.
<§' v- TTIL.JVH tt Vv'« TcUphon* Mala \S$K
PRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JA5. EOYES&Ci).
OILS. .
LUBniCATTNO OILS. UCONARD * Eilja.
411 Front \u25a0«.. ». p. v* ont , M>1|> in^—ft,
PRINTING. £
E.CHU6HES, ••^a%^ 1
jrf'i PRINTERS. B00KBIN0ER3. ;
•HIV HiCKS-JUUD CO.. .
'.:•> B rust .street; laa rraaotoo^
General Debility
.Day- in and out there Is that feeling of
weakness that makes a burden of Itself.
Food doco not strengthen. , \u25a0 V '
: Sleep docs not refresh... - T
,_,V it is bard to do, bard to bear, what
should be, easy, —vitality Is oh tho ebb, and
the whole system sutTers/ /'•'•' l
For this condition take • ' .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tone
to All tbe organs and functions, • and is
positively unequalled for all run-down or
debilitated conditions.' ;;;;.;- .-/.', •;.::'-.: ; -v:
Hoop's n&M etue 9«oitia«uoa. » owta, "
, ADVERTISEMENTS. <
SENT FREE_TO MEN!
A Mcst Remarkable Remoiy Th\t
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Frco Trial Package Sent bj Mail
; r toAll WhoWplte.
, Freo trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They curtd so many men who had battled
(or yours against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti*
tute has decided to distribute/ fre« .trial
packages to all who write, n is a horn*
treatment, and all men. who suffer from
any form - of sexual weakness -rssuittn*
from youthful folly, premature loss ot
auvnr.th and memory, weak back, varlco-
cule ui emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . ,
The remeay has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to tho desired location, giving strength
and development juar where It la needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that convt
Irom years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has bven un absolute success In
all cases. A reouest to the State Medical
Institute, sas Klektron buildlns, Fort
Wavn*. Ind.. statin* that you desire on«
of their free trtal packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. Tha 'Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to sxo how easy It Is to bu cured ot
sexual weakness when the- proper reme-
dies are employed., The Institute make*
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a 'free sample, carefully sealed In
a. plain package, so that Us recipient, need
have no^fear of embarrassment or pub-
Mclty. Readers are requested to write
without delay. •
Friedman's Furniture )
I f-T~\ * "II* Am China that you
I I \A71tl nPhCrhl^ take pride In and
I X Will U.CllclllLv% a China Closet in
5 O ' keeping with it.
I You would enjoy looking at the new designs even if you don't want to
B buy; and we're pleased to show them. Richly carved golden and Flemish
1 oak Be solid mahogany; up to $135. Golden oak, curved glass sides $13.50
I Quality— Carpets— Price
I Hundreds of roils of carpets cominjj in and we must have room to show
I them. This selection should make quick selling — Rooms measured, car-
I pets sewed, lined, laid in S.F. Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley; these prices:
8 Velvets — 75c
I Three patterns of rich colors and borders to match of this high pile carpet
I Could not pet a better parlor carpet at regular price, 1.00; now at 75c, laid.
I Hartford Axminsters— 1.20
I Five selections' in rtds, blues, greens and blended In these beautiful library,
It dining-room or parlor carpets. Borders; regular 1.50V this" week 1.20, laid.
§ ' Matting ;
B In twenty-yard rolls, just about the quantity for trie average room; If you
H have a yard or two over it's always useful. Three patterns and colors, red,
H blue and green. Sells rrgularly for $6.00 a roll; this week at $3.85 a roll/
H "The Credit House.", Six Stories \u25a0 High.
"l ||" Illlllllll I I II ' *M /
ISMTAK.
The Gypsy.
Beyond Dispute the Greatest
Prophetess of the Age.
Revelations So Truthful as to
Almost Surpass Belie!.
"\u25a0What wonderful power does this woman
possess, that she 1? able to read without one
error the pages cf the pa^t. present and fu-
ture?" Is the question every one is asking. Not
an hour passes, not a day goes by. but what
proof li established of ISMAR'S remarkable
welatlon*. Stolen property has been found.
loved ones rescued, hlddea znygtertes revealed,
men mad women united; mining men. specu-
lators, merchants and professional mea have
been helped by her aid and advice and are loud
In their praise. There is no method of account-
lnf for ISMAR'S wonderful powers: that che
possesses them Is demonstrated by her re-
m&rka£>le raccees every day among prominent
people Jiffht here In San Franc1ee<x ISMAR is
to be trusted; her advice will be of incalculable
beseSt to too. If In doubt, business anxletjr.
or lf you want to kaow what the future hold*
la etore f"r you. ccnsult ISMAK. She can be
seen <lai5y from 10 to S p. m. at her office. IMS
acarket street, two doors below Wetnstock &
Xjubln's. Sundays. 19 to 13 a, m.
"_ _'_.;_ \u25a0_'•;'._\u25a0\u25a0.." - * ' ' ' : • . -, ?V; V ADVERTISEMENTS. '__J__ _'_-\u25a0_ ,..:.. -.-'-'-
RRiiAiiksiiiiMi ami iiift IIIPIII 11 ' •• ' ' friends speak of how well I am Icokicg.
DDLvIIILIUT Dill l/^V IllbPk ': "A thousand thanks to Dr. Hartman and
rntoiutNi ruiA'p- winbE |
. '".. .' \u25a0 . ' ... . speaking of th'j national catarrh remedy,
. ..... . . 2E>/\^V«&2 '•-\u25a0---; t:V- :."\u25a0''--'' 'Pcruna. says:
, .' \u25a0-----•—.;—\u25a0 * _ • "i am now enjoying good health. Mj»
Lr • • > . mW»™««^ •• bowels arc regular and I have a good..
lfc IYr fill HI A 1^ HfflRflA M?O rJjlLRin \u25a0" healthy complexion. I cannot thank you
Pf-BU-Nft b WfliftN 5 rUlfcNlJ, =SErP£rE
"- < • . \u25a0 : ' '• . .". \u25a0 .-. - done me more good than any me^trlne I
a \u25a0 " ' - ' ' • -•'\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0• ever took In my life tor catarrh of the
. I stomach and nervous dyspeps.a. I can
'"-".\u25a0, . ' ' * ' eat anything I desire and work. I recf.m-
\u25a0"• ,-t . mend Peruna to everyone, and hope It
•« ' \u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0 will do them a3 much good as It has me.**
, ': ' ' '"'\u25a0• >-\u25a0•\u25a0•-. ~ • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 : - ." \u25a0• . \u25a0 -. . • ,' — Ellen Royer.
Miss Phoebe Smith. Sweet Pprinj?s. Mo.,
! J -II U inillll ill.' ' . ill. . _^. in a recent letter, says:
M- f 11(111 if JilfillM lilt T S^ "* have not hart a slck spel1 Elnre last
' "'- ' i L*i8ff^E_Sra^r^ WW^^^W plj|9i^^Ry I ) \u25a0 . frontal hpartache and catarrh of the*
\u25a0 , V . ' \J/fSaBB§£2£W Dn ; ; stomach, bowels and Intestines (Hystemic
t i j [{MJtBfBj' ,^»k^^S Ht ' a< 3. i cannot pxpress my thanka for tho
4|Kjl^ESF IBaBHBBa >*i**B>BMHBBaBHiBiHHBHBBiM^£ >^B^^ that was ever ma do for women. My
.. .. % C~> , husbar.d says It Is the cheapest doctor ne
IIMP M&£ MINNIE* < <s^.ll can get."-Mrs. A. E. Stotiffer.
I H f/» r*r* '* "»"l W JP. f- IV ThU is the wme old story told by a
I V~rf r-^. * I tt lOLLJNl ' thousand wom«n In a thousand different.
I I If \Ci ' Ol \u25a0' ' Trays. Female trouble: doctors fall to
I 1/ AJ • . - cure; Peruna, as a last resort, a happy
II *\u25a0 '\u25a0 * relief from a dreary servitude to aches..
„ ' pains and a complication of physical an-
,. MINNIE LBB COiXlNS, OF TBNNB«8EB. described.
Mnk.Mlnnle Lee CoUlns. Grmndniece of the late President James K. Polk. Palns »" S° ne - Drajrjrlng sensatMM
write, mwn, TO Hl.h atr^t. Na-hvU.e. Tenn: SSSSaufi^S? dlfSiL^ naSea an*
the irregularities and painful periuo-s — all
"fifiww/jwii/^^ a senr, attack of f.male trouble, g^itif S^and XT'^^ aS
7km best physicians proscribed for ms, bmt without avail. Two yaars aao I patience. »race and gratitude.
» . . . - M .. . . - , . . . . J - 1 * Peruna Is a wonder-worker in female^
began to tote Parana at f#» aartaa of a friend. I noticed a perceptible diseases and y*t the explanation of it t»
_. \u25a0- x. ... . # ... m \u25a0 , . . .. simple. Catarrh in the cause of these*
tmpravjment at once; afnr taking several bottles f was- cured, I hold troubles. Pcruna cures the catarrh. The
Parana in high esteem and am always rsady to say a good word for H."- %gS£*** '^^ ** 9 ™ t0n » dl *-
MtMMIE LEE COLLIMS " • lf vou do not derive prompt and satls-
mimniK. fc*t ovuf*4. , factory results from the u»e of Peruna.
\u25a0*- • write at once to Dr. Hartman. jrhriwr a.
Mrs. L. A. Brlly. Mlch«lsvlllB. Tenn.. I only weighed 125 pounds. I can end do £ uI1 statement of your case, and he will
writes: recommend It to ill u the best medicine to Bive yoa hls valuaoIe ad Jf
"My hearth is very «ood. I «W> M? «n the world, knowing a. I do. the great Address Dr. Hartman. president of The,
ponnds and when I be?an taking Pcruna and wonderful benefit that It did me. My Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.YOUTHFUL HORSJSJ'rf l ntf "
GOES TO REFORM SCHOOL
Nine- Year- Old Incorrigible Who Is
Determined to Follow a Career
of Crime.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19 Judge Smith
to-day sent to the Whlttler Reform
School nine-year-old Robert Wren of Po
mona, the youngest horsethief on record.
This extraordinary child criminal has.
within the past month, (twice stolen a
horse and buggy, which he endeavored to
dispose of. For the first offense he was
confined in the County .Jail for a, week,
the officers believing a temporary Incar
ceration would prove a salutary lesson. A
few days ago he was liberated and- taken
home by his mother.
No sooner, however, did the opportunity
offer Itself than Robert again -took a
horse and buggy from a barn and tried to
sell the outfit for $30. . He drove to Holly
wood, where he was arrested and brought
to Los Angeles. After a short hearing.
Judge Smith sent the Incorrigible to Whit
tier.
Stork to Visit Downs House.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— Eugene Zimmerman
of Cincinnati has arrived at . Downs
House, Windsor, where the Dowagrer
Duche«a. has alao joined the Duke and
Ducbeaa of Manchester In anticipation of
the accouchement of the young Duchess.
• -• . •\u25a0-'.\u25a0'... \u25a0-: ./'\u25a0-;. =»\u25a0\u25a0 :,
Trotting at I/exington.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. l3.-8ummary:
2:17 cUin. r<*cln», punie llOCO-Dan R won
thr** Rtralicht !i<-at« In 2:12<i. 2:W%. 2:09. Junl
iif. I>ucy May, D&ndy. Mis* Mark, General
Agent. Tommy Mac. Dor* Dappa, Carlo M,
Cambria Maid aod MIm l>ach alco itaxted.
Th* Klue Orui ttakes, purse $2000, Ml class,
trottln«;-Balljr Hlrni*on won thre« •trolght
f)'»t« In 2:1IH. 2:12'^. 2:13. , Dorotny Redmond.
Alice Carr. May Allen, Baron Bell and Yarrum
alno «larte<1. • \u25a0\u25a0,.-.
Th* Kentucky \u25a0takea, trotting", purst $2000—
Hawthorne won two «tral»ht heats and race
In 2:13, 2:14. Melton also started.
OIBASSADOR CHOATE
RETURNS FROM LONDON
Representative at Court of St. James
Declines to Hake Ex
planation.
JCE*W YORK, Oct. 13.— Joseph H.
• 'hoate. United States Kmbassador to
\u2666ireat Britain; form*:r Vice President LfVl
P. Morton, and General KranclH V.Greene
*«.re passengers on board the steamer
I'hlladHphla. which arrived here to-dny
from Southampton. Choate was met at
the steamship pier by hlH law partner, A.
W. Evarts, and for a few minutes they
walked up and down the pier, talking.
Aft'-r the Embafisa dor's bagg-age had been
l>amtc<l by the customs officials hi* party
hastened away from the pier. Choate was
unwilling to discusK the reasons for his
leturti home or to talk about the Isthmian
canal treaty. He nald:
"I ennnot talk about this matter, nor
wouM It be rlKht for me to dliicusa possi
ble treaties or the canal question. I have
had a most delightful trip across and have
enjoyed my«elf very much. I shall' re
main over here until New Year's, nnd of
courne Khali go to Washington and confer
with the President and Secretary Hay. i
Bhall not go to Washington for a few
dayn."
Kvarts. who left the pier after the Em
bassador'a family had driven away, said
that the Embassador had gone to catch
an early train for his summer home at
Stockbrldge, Mass.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— It ls large insurance.
lnOccd. which has been effected on the
life of the King. The Insurance has been
tnl.cn out by a syndicate of those persons
—tradesmen principally— who would lose
Irrgc sumn of money If the coronation
nhould not take place next year, and Is
only to cover a period of twelvemonths
fi-om the present date.
The rate of Insurance Is 10 guineas for
each £luO. - which may seem decidedly
high, but then It Is remembered that
Lloyds, with whom Insurance la tuken. un
like nn Insurance office, has no means of
ni living at the state of health of the per
sonages It Insures.
In these Insuranvcs It Is age of person
age Insured, rather than any other con
sideration, which regulates the premium.
The premium for the Insurance of the late
Queen Victoria, at the time of, the dia
mond Jubilee, was £14 per £100.
No Insurance has ever been taken at
Lloyds on the lives of the Czar or Kaiser,
but It Is understood at Lloyds that a fig
ure at which the life of eltner of these two
potentates could be Insured would be £5
per £100. \u25a0 \u25a0 •,*-\u25a0\u25a0-•
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— Lord* Rosebery's
tqietch at Birmingham October IS, on the
"Sin of National Self-Complacency," has
elicited many commendations In the,se
rious weeklies. One of the most Interest-
Ing of these Is the appeal of a would-bo
patentee for a revision of the British pat
ent laws. Hi; declares that the British
authorities issue a dozen so-called patents
for practicully .the same Invention and
then leave nil the applicants to tight out
their rlKhts in the courts.
. "Let our Government,", he says, "give
us American patent laws. Let us encour
age Inventoro to stay at home. We need
nil the brains we can get hold of; let not
America drain away too much of, our
The Outlook, commenting on the above,
says.! / * ' '*
"England thus complacently allows the
United Stales by superior patent laws to
drain away Inventive skill so much needed
In Knglund." : V, , - l '
Speech of the Former Premier on "Sin
of National Self-Complacency"
•Attracts Attention.
LORD BOSEBEBT DESIRES
AMERICAN PATENT LAWS
British Buy .Hussion ' Horses.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct." 19.— Tfie ; Brlt
lah Government "has I: purchased 16.000
horses in South Russia at 125 mbles per
head. Several thousand < horses have al
ready arrived at Odessa. •\u25a0\u25a0.•-.-•
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 19.-Allx. the
famous trotting mare, whose record of
2:03%, made at Oalesburs, .111.. In ISO*,
was not equaled 2 until \u25a0 last year, \u25a0 wax
chloroformed to-flay at the, farm of her
owner, former Mayor Sayles of this city.
The mare was stricken, with paralysis
about a month ago. and to save her from'
a lingering death sho was humanely killed
this afternoon. ; . Allx. displaced Nancy
Hunks as queen of- the trotting- turf and
held the record against stallion, mare and
gelding until The Abbott trotted* the mile
in 2:03*4, at Terro Haute. Seotember 22,
1900. Allx still held the mile trotting rec
ord for a mare at her, death. . . v -\%
Alix, the Trotter, Is Destroyed.
Bailway Engineer Killed;
TUCSON,"Arla.'.;Oct : 19.— Engineer Wil
liam Clark of : Nogales was i killed by the
wrecking of a freight train neaxv here to
day. \u25a0 y ;;\u25a0•;;;\u25a0 v \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '•\u25a0-: \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 *;>;*;\u25a0
Home Is the place where a man is treat
ed-best and grumbles most. - • -'.
OHrl Killed by Her Lover.
SANTA FE, N. M.. Oct. 13.— Ramona
Rendon. a young girl, was shot and
killed by Famoundo Lovato at Embodo
because she refused to marry him.
Sheriff Alexander Read, with blood
hounds, ls In pursuit of the murderer.
British Tradesmen Fear
for the Corona
tion.
FREELY INSURE
ON A KING'S LIFE
NLT YORK. Oct. 13.— As a result of
the oper.ir.? of the Asp^n tunnel and other
extenrive tapruvemer.tf, the irnir.n Pa
f :5c. in connection with the Chicago and
Northwestern. v/Ill reduce the running
tine of the overland limited about a half
< ay b^twoen Chicago ai.'l San Fr&ndsco.
The charge wfil Le made November 3.
1 '.-.*. train will be a solid v*-stibul«*.
In addition to this improvemert two
row transcontinental flyers will be placed
In service, art'l the running time of an
other train belv.-een Chicago and the
coast "aiil be reduced by four hours.
It has &1fo l>een decided to purchase
r.ew cQUii/ment for th«« overland Kn.ited.
s.n«l the Pullman Company has been com
inissloned to make the sleeper and buf
fet and libraiy cars as handsome as
jiosslble. To refit the limited with new
*<iu!i)mer:t merns a purchase of se\-en
r.or trains at an expense of ber.v.'eeri
JvOO.000 and SL30Q.OQO. This does not begin,
however, to represent the expenditure
•which the new service will require, for It
has heen decided to buy new equipment
for all fast transcontinental train?.
Opening of the Aspen
Cut-Off Makes Travel
Easy.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 19.— At the meeting
, of the' Northern California Stock Raisers'
\ Association to-day Professor Archibald S.
|\\rrd reported that an Investigation had
| b*;en conducted in the Berkeley experl
1 rm-nt station to determine the nature of
i the epidemic that has killed thousands of
i h< R3 in this Dortlon of the State. He
j pior.cunced the disease to be cholera and
strongly r»commf Oded a quarantine as a
I means of preventing Its spread beyond the
, district where it originated and the lm
; mediate separation of the diseased swine
1 from the healthy animals. Innoculatlon.
i he said, resulted In caving more than SO
! i -r tent of the hops treated, while drugs
j cou'd not b*» relied upon as a cure.
; Anthrax and black leg In cattle were
di*cusscd by members of the association
| end questions were answered by Professor
• V.'jiru relative, to hog cholera, black leg.
i anthrax, cultures and vaccine. As a
'\u25a0. n'*uns at preventing a spread of the dls
: ease, he said. d*ad animals should be
| buined or burled at a depth of not less
j than four feot. The carcasses of dead
! cf.ttlo left exposed rendered other animals
i ll-iblr to either disease.
j 1 he purpose of a permanent organlza
• tion was abandoned, owing to the disad-
[ vantages unOr which the. association
i n:u«i necessarily work and lack of facll
| Itles for combatting diseases by other
• ihs i: individual effort. Should there be
i m »«' for further concerted action the In
j di<-ations arc that such an organization
will be promptly aff«ttfd. an all recognize
I the benefit the di?cu5*lons have already
yielded and the knowledge of animal «Ilf
f:i*e!« gained through the work of the as
sociation.
As ». preventive of hog cholera, Pro
frssor Ward to-day pave the convention
th* following recipe: One pound wood
cbanoal, one pound sulphur, two poumb
common «mt. two i>r>unn» norMum carbon
ute. two pound3 Hoiiium hyposulphite, one
i:<jutv1 sodium sulphate, one pound anti
mony sulphide powder. Mix and give a
tablcHpounful to f:ach 200-pound hog.
President Dolphin Turned Down.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19— The Order of Rail
road Telegraphers to-day declined 1 to-re
elect M. M. Dolphin president, as had
been predicted from the beginning of the
convention by members who blame him
for losing the Santa Fe telegraphers'
strike and for other executive actions not
approved by the majority. .. •
These officers were elected: President.
II. B. Perham. St. Louis; secretary-treas
urer. L. W. tiuick, St. Louis; first vice
president, John A. Newman. Wichita.
Kans. : second vice president. T. W. Pler
hon. Si Louis: third vice president. D.
Campbell. Drayton. Ont. C. dayman and
-A, O. Sinks were elected to the board of
directors.
HARTFORD. Conn., Oct. 19.— Rear
Admiral Francis M. Bunce. U.
8. N. (retired) died to-day at his
home here. Admiral ( Bunce's
death, while sudden, was not
entirely unexpected, as his family had
been warned to expect tho worst. Last
Mar cancer of the tongue developed and
an operation In Boston resulted In the re
moval of the admiral's tongue. In Sep
tember the disease attacked the throat
and the patient grew weaker from that
time, fighting a hopeless battle with the
courage which has always characterized
Long-Distance Power Transmissior.
STOCKTON. Oct. 19.—Stockton ls soon
to have cheap electric power* On Thurs
day night of- this week power to the
amount of 40.000 volts was »ent over the
Standard Electric Company's lines by the
Bay Counties Electrical Company from
Colgate, thlrty-nve miles above Maryx
vllle. near Nevada City, maklnc the long
est electrical power transmission in the
world. The cunent Is belnu tostrd at the
local power-house of the Standard Com
pany and It ls expected that within a
month the power, will be ready to une.
The Sperry Flour Company has taken BOO
horse-power .and the Stockton Gan and
Electric-Company will take 1000. to start
with. An arrangement has been made
between the two power companies to sup
ply one another In case of accident to
either power-house. «o thnt the shutting
off of the current, as In the case, of the
fire two years ago at the Blue Lakes'
Power-house, will not be repeated.
Thus Reports Professor
Ward to the Raisers'
Convention.
BIG EPIDEMIC
PLAIN CHOLERA
TUNNEL SAVES
HALF A DAY
Francis Marvin Bunce was born Decem
ber 35, 1S36. and was appointed to the
Naval Academy May 2S, 1«52. He served
with distinction during the Civil War.
irking part In the. blockade of Wilming
ton. N. C, and In the' capture of Morris
Island. S. C.^ July 10. 1MB. He command
ed the expedition which co-operated with
Ofi.tral Giimore In the reduction of the
Confederate works on, the Island and was
In the attack- on. Fort Suntter. September
4. 1*33.- Hf served on the monitor Patap
siii In the siege of Charleston. In Novem
ber. 1*S3. he wan wounded by the prema
ture explosion of a shell in the turret of
th<* Patantico. 1I«* was on the staff of
Admlrnl Dahlgren and received honor
able mention time and time again for gal
lant conduct. r
After the war he achieved distinction
In taklnc the monitor Monadnock from
I'h:i;ul< U.nl.i to San Francisco, that being
tho fir««; extended voyage of an Ironclad.
!!<• received a captain's commission in
1SS3 ;sn<l whs made a commodore In 1&3.
In 1SSS he was given the rank of rear
Hdmlrnl.
Convicted of Falsifying Books.
BOWIE. Ariz.. Oct. 19.—In the District
Court of Gruham County to-day I. I.
QuaU-y. former president <>f the Arizona
& Boston Mining Company, who was In
dicted for falsifying th- books of the
company, was convicted. Qunlcy organ
ized tho Arizona &. Boston Mining Com
pany two years ago. of which he • was
president and genrrul manntcer. He hml
trouble with Eastern stockholder*, who
forced him out of th« company and aft
erward had him Indicted.
Alleged Kidnaper to Be Tried.
OMAHA. Neb.. Oct. 19.-Jume* CallAg.
hen, an alleged kidnaper of Kddie Cud
ahy. will have to stand trial on the
i;hnr«ce of perjury. Judge Baker 'to-dny
overruled the pl«*a In abatement and also
th" demurrer of ' Callashnn's attorney,
which ha» been before the court for the
lust six month*. Callnghnn'R trial 'for
perjury will probably come up next week.
the man. Two weeks ago he took to his
b»f1 and had been practically confined
there ever since.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— Admiral Bunce
was the predecessor of Admiral Slcard as
commander In chief of the North Atlantic
squadron and was more active than any
naval officer of his time In improving the
navy to meet modern requirements. He
retired by age limit on December 3, 188S.
DISTINGUISHED NAVAL VETER
AN WHO DIED FROM CANCER
AFTER A LINGERING ILLNESS.
15
THE .SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1001.
REAR ADMIRAL
PASSES AWAY AT HOME
Death of the Distinguished Retired Njaval
Officer Is Due to a Cancer. c
HOPELESS CASES.
When the doctor leaves and says the
case is hopeless, what remains to be
done ? Nothing, if the doctor's word is
final. Much, if you will listen to the
statements of men and women who wero
once "hopeless
cases " given up by
doctors, and who
were perfectly and
permanently cured
by the use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery.
Nothing is more
sure than that
thousands of men
and women with
diseased 1 tings,
obstinate coughs,
hemorrhage, ema-
ciation and night-
sweats, have been
restored to perfect
health by the use
of the « Discov-
ery." Will it cure
you? , \u25a0 : v
- It has cured in
ninety-eight cases
out of^every hun-
dred where it was given a fair and faith-
ful trial. By that record you have only
two chances in a hundred of failure and
ninety -eight chances of being restored
to perfect health. It is worth trying./
Abram PreeV. Esq.. of Rockbridge. Greene Co.,
111., writes: "My wife had a severe 'attack of
pleurisy and lung trouble ; the doctors gave her
up to die. • She commenced taking Dr. Flrrcc's
Golden Medical Discovery and site began to
Improve from the first done. By the time ulie
had taken eight or ten bottles the wan cured,
and It was the cause of a large amount being
told here. I think the 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery' ii the best medicine in the world for
lung trouble." ' - ; : ' * •• . • -.
Free. Dr.' Pierce's Common j Sense
Medical Adviser containing over a thou-
' sand large pages it tent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book In
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
Mund volume. Address Dr, R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo,N M Y. v
ADVERTISEMENTa
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
~ ~ADVEE.TISEM.Elil TS.
Bitters
Impure blco.t means an tin-
healthy s'.omach. The Bitters
will set thinus right in the stom-
ach and Purl y the Blood.
I will cure Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Const! pa Ion, Liver and
Kidney Troubles. Try it.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AWAT.
RlPTlRE^Wm
curedMI
CY FIDELITY «ETH0D. H \u25a0 M
for Life. W« mt*n rtitw \u25a0 MsW
\u25a017. W« can cur* you. 12.000 \u25a0 |^r
ctirrs in U*t 7 jnn. W* eur« ia \u25a0 H^^
CO diyi without p»in or lots o! \u25a0 B^V
time. 8uec«nlal « men, women \u25a0 \u25a0
tnd ebUdtea. .No cbun
NO PAY UNTIL CURED II a t
TettUscuUU at oat offle* or f 9 fl
refmrSTfumiihed on .pplfc*- B| H \u25a0!
tlon. All pttinU mut com* t« B H \u25a0 B
this offkt Tot profntioui tttca. \u25a0 \u25a0 31
«<*• ,. : . \u25a0 \u25a0 -•;•\u25a0"..\u25a0.'\u25a0 ' •: \u25a0 em \u25a0
FRANK H; WRAYV ML D.i
. Room 4, ' •. .•-
DR. i KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
TeSt for Ifowseif^e Wonderful
Curative Properties of 5wanip=Ro6t
To Prove What the Wor;d-F«mou> Discovery, SWAMP- ROOT, Will Do for
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Reporters Have Convincing Interviews 'with Prominent People Regarding Wonderfol Cnresby Swamp-Root
T? *^nf"* h-^^* \ }$:!§:%/? IJ / '$$gi> K'/iif/fi fc/ Proves that nearly all diseases have their
So when your kidneys are weak or out
] *^Jt%fi~ m ' rt^__^ COOK r\^c^&msar^ o j orfler you can understand how quickly
*\u25a0"\u25a0"\u25a0" ' * *~ . -your entire body ls affected, and how
65TH POLICE - PRECINpT. GREATER NEW YORK,. Oct. U. 1900. . every organ seems to fall to do Its duty
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnghamton. N. Y. : . , . Tf ' u ___ ,.. v '\u25a0 ». „, hn>n ~ .. yJL.y,
Gentlemen-In Justice to you. I feel it 'my duty- to send you an acknowl- .£,/£.£ %«™» „.« a£zZ' ?T
edgment of the receipt of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so Kindly sent ~? ne i" 1 ® ramous new discovery. Dr.
me. I had been out of health for the past live years with kidney and bladder Kilmer a Swamp-Root, because as soon aa
trouble. Had our best physicians -prescribe for me. They would relieve me for your kidneys are well they will help all
the time being, but the old complaint would In a short time return again. I sent the other organs to" health. A trial will
for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world of Rood. Since convince any one
then I have taken eight, small bottles bought at my drugstore and I consider my- __ , ~T " * ... . ,.
self permanently cured.^ It seemed as though my back would break in two after weaic ana unneaitny Kidneys are rcapon-
stooplng. I do not have to get up during the. night to urinate, as I formerly did slble for more sickness and suffering: than
throe or four times a night, but now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is* all right any other disease, and U permitted to con-
1 again, and in every way I am a new man. Two of my brother officers .are still tinue fatal results are sure to follow
usinc Swamp-Root. They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise of It. It KMn-vti^WA irritate th«n«r«* "Xi
is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all humanity who are suffering from Kidney trouble Irritates the nearves^roakes
any kidney, liver or bladder troubles. - . you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable.
My bro'ther officers (whose signatures accompany thl3 letter),' as well as my- Makes you pass water often during the
self, thank you for the blessing you have brought to the human race in the com- day and' obliges you to' pet 'up many times
pounding of Swamp-Root. We remain yours very truly, , ' during the ni/ht. Causes puffy ov dark
JAMES COOK. 5?th \u25a0 Poecinct.. . circles unflpi- th«» »vm rh«»ntna.H«tT» " »riw.
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct. HUGH E..BOYLE. * : • " c ""^ er A B fL* y Vi'^f^tz^lJFT n
Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN. el catarrh of the bladder, pala or dull
. ache In* the back, joints and muscles.
DIDN'T KNOW SHE HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE. ™~ «*\u25a0&»
; ; ' . * pkxion: makes you feel as though you had
Women as Well as Men are made Miserable by heart trouble; you may have plenty of
.... _ii-nj-i -i- ' " i_i • ambition, but no strength? get weak and
Kidney and Bladder Trouble. . waste away.
"You have no idea how well I feel. I • " g/jLCHlX Tne cure * or tneso tro*>Dles ls Dr. Kll-
am satisfied that 1 do not need any more _X^*!tf3S8S^s!^lHSffi?<a* mer's Sv.-amp-Root, the world-famous kld-
medicine, as I am in as goud health as I ney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you
ever was In my life." So says Mrs. Mary yS%&iP**§HlBe9& N^Ofe afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
Kngclhard " of 25>S5 Madison street. St. ' V\ir R oot Js the most perfect healer and gen-
Louis, Mo., to a reporter of thu St. Louis //afljffi 'jj^^g^fei \\ tle ald to tne kidne y 3 tba t is known to
"Kor more than ten yrars I had suffered j KfflilffftojpP^ B \\ J ' there is any doubt In your mind as
v. r lth wh«t the doctor? terme<l female j^wK^m" \ to your condition, take from your urine-
trouble; als<i heart trouble, with swelling Wtfflwflra^sSJ '"''SSSaM^S^Bf 1 on I^ s^ ng " a b° ut four ounces, place it In a
of the feet and limbs. Last summer I felt ImfO'fs 1 glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-
s.'i badly that 1 thought 1 had not long to te7pMM|| SygBf/Jr four nours - li on examination It la milky
live* 1 consulted doctor after doctor and ll/wi/MaM **W^ «^?v«5^ or cloudy, if there ia a brick dust settling
took tholr medicines, but felt n<* better. jj Sff/wiBB --P? -^^Sf</ j or if small particles float about in it, your
The physicians told me my kidneys were I! j/'/^SJa J5?<4£^^y I kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
ntjt affected, hut I felt sure that they were \ 'WY\v«iLj|ii3&3»<Pf / tIon#
tho cause of *iy trouble. A friend recom- \ \ f v u'v>\\\va' v "* f X*!lM^g // Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and ia
mended me to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- A \^aSfJg3 \u25a0 se9^ / used In the leading hospitals, recoramend-
itoot. und I must say I derived immense jwmBl|r^^^ ! ¥^^^f / ed by physicians in their private practice
benefits almost from tho first week. I con- *^^^ / and ls taken by doctors themselves who
tinned the medicine, taking it regularly. have kidney ailments, because they recog-
uml I urn now In splendid health.. The nize in it the greatest and most success-
' I>a!ns and achrs have all gone. I have *J*|^^' m^^ ful remedy for kidney, liver and bladder
recommended Swamp-Root to all my <g* s v^^<->*T'^X^ troubles. • :
friends and told them what It has done \ if you are already convinced that
for me. I will gladly answer any one who MRS. MARY ENGELHARD. Swamp-Root ls what you need you can
'^r^$ X l££^$Sn&£%& to the weak s'pot, and drives them out of J"*—. the "^ lar
, every Ptandpoint. There ls such a pleas- the system." • dollar size bottles at the drug stores
ant iRHte to. Swamp-Root and it goes right MRS. MARY ENGLEHARD. everywhere.
EDITORIA L NOTIOE.—S»cmp-Ro3t the great Kidner. Liter and Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful
that a special arrangement has been made by which all re iders of The Call who have not already tried it mir hare a sample bottle sent
absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands
of test monal letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention reading this generous offer in The San
Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address \o Dr. Kilmer A Co.. Binghamtvn, :M. Y.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I San Francisco, Sunday, SO October, 1901*
Special $1.75
Monday only.
A one day opportunity for Call readers. Beginning ~ at
S o'clock to-nzorro\v (Monday) morning, and continuing un-
til 6 p. in., we will offer Cobbler Seat Rockers exactly like the
picture above for $1-75 each. J •
The regular price of these rockers is $.2.75, and that will
be the price after to- morrow. They are built of oak, finished
in the popular Rrolden brown shade.
This sale is posit ivelj* for the one day only. Only one
rccker will be sold to any single purchaser. No mail or tele-
phone orders will be honored at the special fijjure^ — yon
must come in person. -
\ (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
1 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. I
J^ Telephone orders
\u25a0 jp deli^ver;ed7free\
% ff Jf y°u don't feel like coming down town, or want your
<Q drugs', medicine, etc. in a hurry call us up — South 356 and ¥%
~~lu WC 'M deliver your 'orders at once. \n
\u25a0 Jju Here are some special prices that should interest you— good Itt J
. U until Saturday night, October 26th. Open night and day. ; *u\
/ uj Sheffield's Dental Cream and - One Cake each Cuticura and l|u |
I Lesley's Dental Cream I each 25c ChurchilPs Skin Soap 25c Mi
\u25a0| • \u25a0 Both food and both sell for 15c each ' Rejulir price of both ije ttrh Inn
K Wood • Alcohol a gallon 90c . °" *?* price 15C m
M. ' ' y ° u • l '! rty * pasr 1<s ? for thls Complexion Brushes . 20c in •
ll*V Sachet Powder ounce 25c A °y ssc complexion bresk'tatk* ' |U|
\u25a0I L»itinj fragrance— «cll» rrgularly wore jm J
\lV Rnr5fo*m y ici Rwodoira Perfume an ounce iOc J|
a a KUDiroam . I5c Popnlir> iWeet , Bd 1 MR
tli,'. Regular t;rtlze that we tell for sec \ regularly joe Ull
-\u25a0# Ep SSrt5^'«i. B i^ l^ lllld - 5c Warner's. Safe Cure 85c W •
M\\ \u25a0 Rcgmanv roc pound . ._ ... *, . , . . _ Imwm \u25a0
»A Cttit»r Whiclr/Mr • "7A-' - \u25a0 An ° 1<l " ae kWn «T «» »*«t *B* Miff . i
AVw RegnUrly 90c a qo»rt bottle. ' Y\t*H»~ Par* DmuJ.. » "»C» mil -»
m 4711 SoaD" 2 cakes for 25c Tvette rtce Powder 25c Mfvi- : 5-
W« Owt 1 ri h A^oleaiW poWerUutw«tea AW
iB.KATSOHINSKil
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. g
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
I EXTRA HIGH GUT LAGE, j
1 FOR WINTER WEAR, i'
m To tho I^adl**— Wbut sivailsj If U
T ycu have rubber coats, cloaks nn»I |
Ij umbrellas if you allow your Jet to |
H become wet? Tb« fort aro s^ner- H
U felly n^Rletted. and that ix why *\u25a0> M
I many coughs and colds arc <-nn- n
ij tracted. Now, ladles, be Fcnrtbln E
I end wear shoes especially adapted f
H for rainy weather, and yet ca«y \u25a0
» on the feet and look well. We are I
fl rnskinir a epeclal offer this week. Q
ij lyadloB 7 Wd-llned Vlcl Kid Lace I
I Ehoes, extra high cut (10 inches I
I hii?h;, with etralght foxing, coin H
I to'.s and tips and low military I
I h+sAe. Union stamped. Price re- I
I duced from X3.00 to J2.45. Sizes 2'£ I
I to 8; widths AA to E.
1 Sole agents for Pingree'r Gloria
! tZ.'J) shoes for ladles.
f Bole agents for W. L. Douglas*
I J3//J and 13-50 sh&es for mer.
g COUNTRY ORDERS COLICITED.
!We have no branch stores nor
traveling fl&le«men.
R PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
h IO THIRD STREET.
y San Francisco.MELBOURNE— Arrived Oct M— Bktn Kohala.
from Eureka.
STDNET— Sailed Oct 19— Ship Reuce. for
Honolulu. -
AUCKLAND— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Ventura,
for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 19— Ger shte Als
terschwaji, from Oregon; Br ship Caxnbcs
doon. hence May 30.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 18— Br ship Liver
poo], - hence June - 19; Ger ship Nereus, from.
Oregon ; Fr bark Brenn. hence June 22.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 14— Br ship
Eva Montgomery, for — — .
SHIELDS— Sailed Oct 17— Br bark Inverts'*.
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
Arrived prior to Oct 19— Br stmr Hyson, from
Tacoma. for London.
NOSSI BE— Sailed Oct 15-Fr bark Les Adel-«
phes. for Oregon. y \u25a0 1
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 15— Br ship Port
Carlisle, for Hamburg.
BOMBAY— Sailed Oct tt-Jau stmr Klnshlu
Maru. for Kobe.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 17— Fr bark Brean.
hence 'June 22. for Falmouth.
COQUIMBO— In port Sept 1— Br ship Aven
ger, for Oregon.
TTNE— In port Oct 1--Br bark KlUoran. for
Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 15-Br stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Bolivia,
from Naples.
Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Nomadic, tor Liverpool:
stmr Graaf Waldersee, for Hamburg, via Ply
mouth: stmr I.uranla. for Liverpool; stmr Mln
nehaha. for London: stmr Lahn. for Naples
and Genoa.; stmr Staiendam, for Rotterdam;
stmr Afctorto. for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Georgic.
from New York.
Sailed Oet 1* — Stmr Campania, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 19— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco. ' via Honolulu and
Yokohama: stmr Hyson, from Tacoma. via
Hongkong, for London.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 19— Stmr
Tartar, from Vancou-»er.
AUCKLAND— Failed Oet 19— Stmr Ventura,
from Sydney. NS"vT, " for San Francisco.
LONDON-Salled Oct 13-Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
BRKMEN— Sailed Oct 13—Stmr "Klon. far
t QUTTe'nsTOWN— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr 'Cym
ric from Liverpool, for New "York. » "." '.' 1
ANTWERP— Sailed Oet 19— Stmr FrlealancV
for New York. - ' 4» • , • . .... •
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr La Champagne,
for New York. . -
CHFRBOURG— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr St F*uT.
from Southampton, for New York. .
Wnateom. Oet 19— Stmr Csarlna. for Ttcoxna:
•tmr Robert Dollar, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND. Or— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Alli
ance, for San Francisco. i--
PORTLAND. Or— Sailed Oct 19— Am bars
Kate Davenport, for San Francisco.
ROCKPOKT— Arrived Oct .18— Stmr Bcotla,
hence Oct 17.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr
Mineola, from Naaalmo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 19— Schr C H
Merchant, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 13— Sh!> Dashing
Wave, hence Oct 8.
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Arcata,
hence Oct IS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Son, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. From. Due.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City or beattle. Kkaguay Si Way Ports. Oct. 23
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Humboldt Ekaguay A Way I'oru. Oct. 23
City nf Topcka< Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior {Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 2".
Cottags City... I Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 27
FROM SEATTLE.
ORAT8 HARBOR— Arrived Oct 17— Schrs C
A Thayer. hence Oct 7; Murttl. hence Oct «:
John A, hence Sept 29. Oct 18— Schrs Chas R
A\ llson. hence Sept 30; A J West, hence Oct
3: W F Wltzeman. hence Oct 3: schr Orient,
from San Pedro; sclir Roy Somers. from San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Oct 19— Schr
Columbia, hence Oct «. for Ballard; schr Pros
per, frcm San Pedro; stmr Al-Kl. from Skag
uoy.
Paeaed ln Oct 19-Sblp Dashing "Wave, hence
Oct S, for Tacoma. • \u25a0 ,
ASTORIA- Sal led Oct 19— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 19— Stmrs Elmore and Harri
son, frrm TUIamook."
NF.AH BAT— Passed out Oct 19— Dan ship*
Jupiter, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Al-Kl. from
Ekaguay. - , "
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 19-Rchr Louise, for
Umpqua. Oct 17— Schr Win Renton. for San
Frnnclpco. ,
Soiled Oct IS— Stmr Santa Barbara, for
FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER OTELIA PEDERSEJ* THAT NEARLY PAID
FOR HERSELF ON HER MAIDEN VOYAGE. SHE IS NOW LOAD
' ING AT EUREKA FOR HER SECOND RUN TO AUSTRALIA.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. - Francisco- Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th* high and low waters occur at
the. city front .(Mission-street wharf) a boot
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tb* height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTODKR'SO. •
Sun rises <:S3
Hun sets 5:24
Moon sets (first quarter) 11:33 p. m.
Time - • Tim* Time Tims
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
K W L VT H W , L W
20 .. 6:01 4.6 11:01 I.J 4:21 4.S 11:20 0.7
21 ... «:46 4.8 12:10 3.7 5:49 4.S
L W H W L W H W
23 ... 0:24 0.S 7:56 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.S
21 ... 1:19 0.9 <:C4 5.2 2:94 1.5 1:11 4.7
24 .. 2.-09 1.0 8:41 5.5 2:Sl 0.8 9:12 4.9
th .. 2:51 l.S 9:1< 6.S 3:34 0.2 10:1! 5.0
26-... S:36| 1.4j »:M «.l 4:11—0.4 11:10 S.I
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides arc given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In th* order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth tlma column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dltlon to the soundings on the United State.*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, ajid then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference ls the mean of
the. lower low waters. .
to arrive. \u25a0
Bteamer. From. I 1 Put.
Wellington.... Comox |Oct. 38
Leelanaw New York via I'ananm.Oct. z»
Bant* Ana Seattle net. M
Mandalay Coqullle River Oct. 21
Lot Valparnlto It Way PU Oct. 21
Rt. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 21
Pleiades Heattle • Oct. 22
Ansta Coos Hay & ft. Orfur.l Oct. 22
Homer Humboldt Oct. 2J
jHotnona Humboldt '• jOct. 22
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia , Portland and Astoria.. «>ct. ti
Thyra.... Portland |Oct. 22
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
San Mateo Tacoma Oct. 2*
Kureka. ........ Humboldt Oct. 24
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 24
hanta Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24
Point Arena... Point Arena ....A Oct. 24
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Torts.... Oct. 24
Csarlna Heat tin St Tacoma .... Oct. 24
Newburg Ban Pedro Ont. 24
Alliance Portland It Coos Bay.. Oct. 2\
Noyo Humboldt Oct. 24
Coronadp Ban Pedro Oct. 13
Han Jose Panama A Way Ports Oct. 2*
OKamnes Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 28.
llival....*. Wfllapa Harbor ....... Oct. 26
O. W. Elder... Portland &, Astoria.... Oct. 27
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. 2*
Curacao Mexican . Ports ;.... Oct. 29
Gaelic China and Japan.. Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Hound Ports Oct. 28
O. Dollar/ Grays Harbor ...Oct. IS
Alaraeda. Honolulu ......'. Oct. . 3i»
• TO 8A1U
Steam«r. Destination. Sails. Pitr.
• \u25a0 October SO. • • . -
Rainier Seattla AN. What B pm Pier I
W. Kruger... TUIamook Bay .... 12 m Pier IS
Iaqua. Humboldt 10 am Pier I
Hanta Boca.. Ban Diego & Way. » am Plsr 11
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland It am j Pier 21
, : , October 21. •> .1 -
»urtka........ Humboldt : 13 ml Pier 12
J. 8. Klmball Seattle ft Tacoma. 6 pm'Pler 2
-\u25a0,.-• October 22. , .
Affyll N. T. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 3$
•-. .; • ' . October 5151.
Arcata C. Bay St Pt Orford 10 am Pier II
Mandalay.... Coqullle River...'... • pm Pier *
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMBS
Umatllla..... Pugtt Sound Foru 11 am Pier 9
October 94. : .
North Fork.. Humboldt ...'. 9 am Pier S
Pomona......' Humboldt,'.;..'. ltM p pi«r •
Newburg Orays Harbor 5 pm Pier t
corona........ Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma....... Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Australia 1 ... v. Tahiti . direct »..-...; 10 am Pier 7
• -.."." vf Octobo* 25.. ''\u25a0*••• - . \u25a0
Columbia..... Astoria k. Portland 11 am Pier 14
Alliance.;:..;; Portland & C. Bay 6 pm Pier —
\u25a0"••\u25a0-\u25a0•.-- •\u25a0 2O. >\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0*:» \u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0:.\u25a0•\u25a0
Point Arena. Point Artna ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Lo«.........%. Valptralio & Way 12. m Pier 10
Noyo. . . . : . . . . ,- Humboldt- •\u25a0. . .-.'. . . > . . 10 am Pier I
Coronado Seattle direct ...... 6 pm Pier. 8
v.... :;;..- :. , .-.,\u25a0•;,
Csarlna....,;. Seattle &' Tacoma.' ...,..'. Pier —
. WASHINGTON,' . Oct.* lfi.r-Marquli Ito,
formerly. Premier of Japan, who- la trav
eling in the United States. (« expected
to arrive in this city from New York td
day. He will be the rieel ot the Japanese
Minister for several days, it h ex
pected that the Marqulf, will be presented
formally, to President Roosevelt on Mon-
President Will Receive Ito.
Bich Placer Grounds Are Discovered
in a Section of the Cariboo
Country.
AEHCROFT, B. C. Oct 19.-N'ews has
arrived from Horsefly to the effect that
rich placer frround has been struck near
\u2666 he headwaters of the Horsefly and In a
•section of the Cariboo country where no
white men have ever explored before. The
report was sent down by a thoroughly
reliable mining man of Horsefly.
A special from the One Hundred and
Fifty-Mile Houce says a crowd left there
GOLD ETBIKE IN BEOION
HITHERTO TTNEXPLOBED
S. "VVolvcrton. foreman of Gray Bros.'
rock/barge, got crushed at the Angel Isl
and quarry yesterday. He Was brought
to the Harbor Hospital on a tug, where
it was found that his Injuries were not
serious. * •
• The river steamer City of Stockton and
the bay schooner Modoc were In collision
yesterday. The schooner lost her bo«v
"Pflt. but the steamer wan not damaged.
The Panama Railroad Company's Lee
lanaw will be due to-day. whll« the Com
panla Su<l Americana de Vapores' Loa
will be^due to-morrow. The Mail Com
?h ny nl< C1 , l V Of F tMn * w111 *» due fr om
the Orient Tuesday.
i« J 'iiS l ii ! J f ««' > ?h t I 4 yeara oM ' waB * not
in tne leg on the front yesterday Twn
boys with parlor rifles came Xng and
ordered Curtln to Jump. . He/ did not obey
*\u2666 2? ce i an S!l f °' , tne youngsters fired
at ,, hl ' »«*»• The ball took. effect In the
calf and Curtln had to go. to the: hospital
for repairs. * . \u25a0 \u25a0 > \u25a0)\u25a0\u25a0 .
Water Front Not««.
At 9:2") o'clock the commonwealth closed
its case, but Mr. Franklin said he wanted
the Jury to visit the scene of the tragedy
before the argument was heard. • Judge
Cantrill said he would consider the mat*
ter of taking the Jury to Frankfort later.
The prisoner thrfn retired to consult
with his counsel, and In a few moments
Judge Morton began to speak, setting
forth briefly the defendant's side of the
case. Judge Morton concluded his state
ment at ll-.f/O a. m. and Caleb Powers was
called as the first witness. V"
Powers In his testimony said that when
Goebel was killed he did not have any
acquaintance with Jim Howard, Dick
Combe or Harlan Whlttaker, with whom
he had been indicted. He had never been
In a meeting of any sort with any of the
535" , lnd J£ted, with the exception of
Charles Klnley. He denied that he had
been In conference with Wharton Oolden
relative to any matter. Powers' testi
mony was largely confined to specific de
nials of the testimony of the leading wlt
rieHncH for the commonwealth. -..-.,.\u25a0 •-\u25a0-
Powers denied that anything was said
by him about intimidating tho Legisla
ture. His testimony is a complete and
emphaUc denial of every statement.cred
ited to him by W. H. Cufton and F. Whar
ton Golden. It is hardly < expected ,that
Powers will finish his testimony before
Monday afternoon.' He spoke slowly and
in a clear voice, endeavoring to make
every juror, thoroughly^ comprehend every
"Ooebel will never be Governor. He will
be shot before the General Assembly
meets this morning."
GEORGETOWN, Ky. f Oct. 19.— InV the-
Caleb Towers trial to-day John W." Ray,
clerk to Appellate Judgo White, was the
first witness. He testified that an hour
before Goebel was shot on January 10
Leander Guffy, the tipstaff of the Court
of Appeals, and son of Judge B. I*. D.
Guffy, said:
The deposits at the aeaay office since
tbe beginning of the official year : were:
July. J3.772.6W 1Z; August, 12.564,279 26; Sep
tember. «m55*(tf; October - «.7t5 745 10
Total. SU.OM.2e4 25.
The flruren for October are iriven un to
the close of the day's business of the 17th
The amounts riven are the commercial
value of the jrold.
This year the returns of the mining
ha\* been much tilower than they
were last year. The beanon all around
has fcx-en mu.'h later. Therefore thf-re
.nave not b»-en as many <]«-].of-it« to date
»« there were at this time lant year, but
when the records of the ofn>« are com
piled for the n&cal year ending June 20,
IW!2, it is ocpected a gain over last year
will be iliown,
Of the richness of th" jreld fields the
records of the ansay office are Irrefutable
"vldence.
6EATTLE. Oct. 13.— filnce the Seattle
66Fay office was opened on July 15. W3S.
there has been rec»-iv*^l there gold of the
comra^rrial value of $o2.7%0.579 45. This
iarge amount of gold l« the best sort of
evidence cf the value that the disco\-eries
in the Klondike and in Alaska have been
to the *ntlr«; country. From the mines in
\u2666 he far north mont of the yellow m«?tai
nas rozne. , though aomc of it was from
mines in Washington and British Colum
bia. And yet those who thoroughly know
rbe conditions cf the Klondike and of
Alaxka say that the surface of the great
mineral district ha* Ju«t been scratched,
and that there are mines there Incom
parably richer than any the world has
<-ver knov/n.
£p«clal X>izpatrh to Tbe CaJl.
Accused Kentuckian on
the Stand in George
town. \u25a0;
Value of Receipts in
Seattle Aggregate
$52,780,579.
Alva's Body on th» Way Home.
M5W YORK. Oct. 19.~The body of the
Duko of Berwick and A!va, who died re
cently at the Holland House, went home
ward by the North German Lloyd Lahn,
which sailed to-day . for Gibraltar.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— Captain Cecil de
Moleyns, until recently a lieutenant in
the Eleventh Husgars of the English
army, was brought here from Albany. N.
Y.. to-day, chared with obtaining money
under false prpter.nea. 'Two years ago he
wan comminsloncl by Chicago friends to
make contracts for American horse* for
the LnjrllHh army In 8outh Africa, and It
is charged he did not make proper rc-
Accusation Against British Officer.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.-The Poatofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmaster appointed: Washington— \V.
N\ Meserv*. Grays River. Wahklakum
County, vice L. J. Meserve, resigned.
Po8tofflce establifihed— California— Barnes.
San Diego County. Peter Barnes, post
master. Postmaaters commlnHionod—
Washington— Jot"»ph P. Brew«t«*r. La
conner. Oregon— Oliver McClaran, Garri
son.
There pensions wero granted: California
—Original— GporKe W. Todd. Mojave, J10:
John ti. HlbMtn, Ixjmpfx!. $6; Oenr^e D
Mofflt. Oakland. J<5. Increase— Michael
Leo, 8an Jo»«», $24; Widows— Louise Rup
lann, fcan l-'rancisco, $8.
Oregon - Ordinal — Benedlkt Schoen
baechler. Merly. J10.
Washlneton— Widows— Katie WHss, Se
attle, J8; Elizabeth C. Lammey, Ta
coma, J8. "
GF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
this morning for the headwaters of the,
Horsefly. R. T. Ward, Ju*t In from Horse
fly, says It is believed that the strike Is
rich.
CALEB POWERS
MAKES DENIAL
Brig Courtney Ford, at "Seattle. Oct II-
Whlle on Vdyage from. Everett for Unra. on
Bept 18 carried away topsail and smashed com
panlonway. and wheelfiofce;. gale threatened
every moment to smash vcavl; oil bags used
continually during the . heavy -weather, which
had \u25a0 good effect. On Sept 21 met with ex
perience which forced vessel for -safety of
cargo and crew to put .back to port. A gale
of. unusual violence sprang up, carrying away
masts and backstays, the lower maat breaking
Off. ' V *\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0' " \u25a0' ' ' ' ' '"' \u25a0' ' ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 l' , •
' MEMORANDUM.
: Per ilmr Chllkat— Towed ship Oriental from
Pyramid Harbor. Oct 4;. shin Indiana from
Lorlng on Oct .a. Had to put Into Vullrnar
Hny wlndbound. Hailed again with Indiana In
tow Oct 13 for San Francisco. • >.
.;;'"•:: ». » • TKLEGRAPHIC. , 'V \\'\
POINT LOBOS. t Oct. M. 10,'p m— Weather
thlCK;.wlnd;SW.- velocity. 10. miles per hour. :
"... v DOMESTIC PPR.T8., \ - > J !'
FORT .BRAGG— Hailed Oct 19-8tmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. -\u25a0'. '/. - . : ; : '.
KURKKA-Arrlvod Oct l»-8tmr Noyo, hence
Oct W: schr -Oceania Vance, from San Pedro:
•tmr San podro, hence Oct (18.-. » • • >,. .,j.. ,.
Sailed Oct 18— Bchr Salvator, for San Pedra.
'Sept ». no lat, etc— Fr bark Dugueiclln.
from Havre, for Astoria. . •
Per Oer whip Henrietta— July 29. lat 47 (Ml S
Ion 60 87 W.'.l- masted Br ship," letters KPT
N. 6G days out lrom Shields, tor 6an Fran
cisco. • ,-.•••• \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0- ..\u25a0-\u25a0,-•,.-.
;. \u25a0 MISCELLANEOUS. .
• • CLEARED.
_. «... • '-"Saturday, ; October 19.
n Ptm "ii S £ nt f. Ro »*.-;»ex"nd*r. San Diego:
Cloorlall. Perkins A Co. •;•,..!'
• Btmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodnll. Per
stmr Rainier. Hansen," Seattle:- Thos Pol
lard. . • •
Btmr Oeo W EldcrX Randall, Astoria: O R
tc N Co.
Br Btmr Wyefleld, Watson, Tacoma: Dowdell
Schr R W Dartlett, Nielsen, Honolulu; Lin
daur & Norton.
SAILED.^
. _ • ,, .. " Saturday. October 19.
Rtmr Matteawan, Crcscup, Tacoma.
\u25a0Stmr Wewtoort. Ericsson. Bear Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino
' Stmr Whltenboro. Olxen. — — .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City '
Btmr Pomona, Bh* a, Eureka.
Htmr Empire. Macgemv Coos Bay.
' Btmr South Coast. \u25a0 Olsen. ..Eureka. < .< }•- ">\u25a0
Stmr Coqullle River. Jensen, . ; !
Stmr National City. Dettmera. Fort Bragg.
Btmr Grace Dollar, Foscn, Grays Harbor.
Htmr OiiMnln. Ornfrnux, — .
Ship John Curr|cr.. Murchlflon, Everett.
Bktn Arago. Qenberg, Wlllapa Harbor.
- Hchr .Laura Madscn, Jorgenson. Grays Har
bor. ""..''...
. . Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, Grays Harbor.
: • • \u25a0 . . >.6POKKK.
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
-. , „ .. v Saturday. October ».
Stmr Luella, Madsen. 10 hours from Dowens
I/flndlnj. • y* \u25a0 •
Htmr Umatllla. Cousins, (3 hour8*Trom Vic
toria, etc.
Btmr Oonlta. Nopander. S3 hours from Port
Harfonl and way ports.
8tmr Bureka, Jersen, 28 hours from Eureka
6tmr Chllkat. Hyvarlnen. 10 days from Lor-
Ing. via Vallenar Bay C days.
Atmr Navarro, Olsen, .16 hours .from Hardy
Creeli.' *- » " '». .' » -. ., . \u25a0 .* | •
8tmr Bouth Coast. Olsen, M hours from Ven-
Stmr Alcatras. Carlson, 64 hours from Pan
Virgo. . x , v • , \u25a0*-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
Hanre Santa Paula. McOovern.'«i hours from
\entura. In tow of tug Rescue; up Hver direct.
Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydrographies '' Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange,* Han Francisco, Cal.,
\u25a0* October 19. '1M1. T '.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. •.. at noon of the ISHh meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich , time.
j. t. McMillan.
, Nautical Expert. In charge.
Ship Indiana Safe.
The steamship Chllkat. which arrived
from Alaska yesterday, reports the ship
Indiana as safe. The vessel Is making a
long run from the canneries and fears
were felt for her safety. It now trans
pires that she put Into Vallanar B.iy on
account of light winds and the Chllkut
found her there and towed her to sea.
The vessel has a large cargo of salmon
and should arrive .the. latter part of this
week.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The following vessels have been ch«rtere>l
prior -to arrival: Th* Crown of India, to
load falmon at Victoria for Kngland. 40*.
with option of wheat at Tacoma. iin M; the
NeMt*. wheat at Portland far Europe. 4>:
the Rurope. same. «*«: the O. II. Wappaua,
same. 41a 3<1. It flour. 41* 9<lj the Consuelu.
lumber at Eureka' for Hilo; the Kvther Huhne.
lumber at Eureka for Hllo nn<l Labalna.
Steamer Movements.
The naval transport Solace came down
from Mare Island yesterday and anchored
in the stream. The naval board of In
quiry will reach here to-day and will at
one* go aboard. To-morrow .the trans
port will sail for Honolulu, where she will
meet the Wisconsin, and then both war
ships will proceed to Sumon. The chances
are that Captain Tllley will go to Pago
Pago on the Solace, so he will be a fellow
passenger with the board that Is to try
him . for conduct unbecoming an officer
anrt a gentleman. The detail of the board
and all the particulars of the affair as
far as known have already been published
ln The Call. •
Solace to Sail Monday.
The rates on overdue* were practically
unchanged yesterday. The German bark
O. H. Wappilfl from Klaochau for As
toria, on which 10 per cent was paid, ar
rived Friday, but there wan practically no
gambling on her. The list is ah follows:
Roanoke— From Norfolk fur 8an Francisco.
129 days out to-day; 25 per cent.
Benjamin F. Packard— From Norfolk for
Honolulu. 130 days out to-day; IS per cent.
-Afon AUw— From Hwunwa for Ran Fran
cisco. 161 days out to-day: 10 per cent. >
I a Tour dAuvergne— From' Swansea for San
Francisco. l. r ,T day* out u>mUm; 10 per cent.
Eduard Detallle— From Carififf for San Fran
*cl»co. US days out t«vdayr*l* P«r cent.
, Principality— yrom Tyoe for ten Francisco.
in days out to-day: "15 per cent.
i Glenbreck— From Tyne for Valparaiso, 155
days out to-day: 8i i*»r cent.
Cratgnatr— From New Caledonia for Phila
delphia, 193 days out to-day: 90 per cent
The Overdue Fleet.
The brls Courtney Ford, which went
from here to the Sound and loaded at
Seattle for TJnga. is likely to come back
for an overhauling. On September 18.
while on her way north, she ran Into a
gale that carried away the topsail yard,
smashed the wheelhouso and washed th*
companion way overboard. The seas were
unusually heavy and at' times it wum
thought the brig would K". Oil bags
were put over, however, and for three
days the crew fought the elements with
success. Then rnme a gale that curried
away the backstay and the lower mast
broke clear off. . Finally the vessel was
navigated into Seattle and her cargo Is
now being transferred to th« schooner
Bangor. The Courtney Ford will be fltte-J
up for a run here, where she will be over
hauled.
THE COURTNEY FORD DISABLED.
STREAM OF GOLD
FROM THE YUKON
The Otelia Pedersen is managed by Cap
tain John Pedersen, who -was for years
master and managing owner of the bark
McNear. He and the people Interested
with him have two more vessels almost
ready for launching. One of .them will be
named the William F. Garms, after the
well known proprietor of the Milwaukee
brewery; and the other will be christened
the O. H. Lunsmann. The Garms will be
launched November 1 at Everett, Wash.
She Is 235 feet long, 40. feet beam »nd it>
feet 6 inches beam, with a capacity of
1.400,000 feet of lumber. ' The Liunsmann
will not be ready for launching until
March next, but when completed she will
bo an exact duplicate of th« Garms.
All three vessels-will come from the
hands of C. G. Whiter : He In known to
every ship owner and ship master on the
coast, and from his old yards at North
Beach some of the "cracks" now sailing
out of San Francisco were launched.
Charley met with evil days, but went to
Everett, where he has made a fresh start.
If everything he turns out proves as suc
cessful as the Otelia Pedersen his fortune
is assured.
' •; from here to the Sound 'are work
ing night and day. Three years ago San
Francisco ranked about fourth, among the
ports of . the , Unite* States. iTo-day only
one leads it. and that is New York." Trade'
is still. coming. this way and it is only a
question of time when the commerce of
the Orient and Southern Seas will make
this port the greatest in the world.
Among the latest of the new fleet is the,
four-masted schooner Otelia Pedersen.
She has completed her maiden round voy
age and her owners had 17500 to divide
among' themselves, as the net returns
from the venture. 'She is 207 feet long,' 39
feet beam and 14 feet .7 inches deep, with
a. capacity of a' million feet- of lumber.
From Hllo she brought a cargo of sugar
Rerc and there was not a bag qf the whole
consignment damaged. *The schooner is
new at Eureka, loading lumber for Syd
ney. - \u25a0 \u25a0 '. \u25a0 \u25a0
T!HB boom In shipping on the Pa
cific Coast Is unparalleled. Ves
sels by the dozen have come here
from the East and the shipyards
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER' 20, 1901.
A Fleet of Thirty Vessels Will Be Added to List of
~ T "TKose Owned Here Before End of Year.
SHIPBUILDING IS BOOMING
AT ALL PACIFIC COAST
16
ONE MONTH'S MEDICINE
AND TREATMENT FREE!
_„ EVERT PATIEJfT 9BEOIXNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT WITH DRS. SHORES &
SHORES. SAN FRANCfSCO'8 LEADING SPECIALISTS, DURING THE REMAINING DATS
°f OCTOBER. WILL BE GIVEN ONE MONTH'S TREATMENT AND MEDICINES ABSO-
LLTELT FREE. Not one cent to pay for examination, consultation, treatment or medicine?.
This offer Is »lven by Drs. Shores to overcome "SKEPTICISM" and to prove to the public ot
San Francisco and vicinity that there ls a> PERMANENT CURE for CHRONIC DISEASES
(that are curable).
THIS OFFER IS NOT GIVEN AS A TEST OR
TRIAL TREATMENT.
Drs. Shores & Shores* wonderful treatment for DEAFNESS, CATARRH aad an form* of
NERVOUS and CHRONIC DISEASES Is too well known all over the West to need any Intro-
duction. When Drs. Shores first opened their offices In San Francisco they gave every patient a
course of treatment absolutely free "AS A TEST' of their skill and methods, and hundreds
tested the new treatment free. Now Drs. Shores A Shores five one month's treatment and
medicines free to prove their skill In curing- "PERMANENTLY." ,
Drs. Shores' prices and terms have always been within the easy reach of all— $3 per month
for all catarrhal chronic diseases, medicines free. These low rates are still maintained, only
Drs. Shores NOW GIVE ONE MONTH" S TREATMENT AND MEDICINES FREE TO ALL.
BEGINNING A COURSE OF TREATMENT AT ONCE.
- • START -IN AT ONCE. Do not wait until the closing days- of the month to apply aad ba
LOST IN THE RUSH, but begin your treatment AT ONCE. ~~-o»
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FRKE all this week for any disease Com* and
bring your friend*. .
JOSEPH SCHAFFCT.jiMViJUMo- KM. MASTER ALSEKT W. MEISTER. HI mtt
CHRONIC CATARRH. B?||V T ,?fi^>3j s i E^^^
MR. SCHAFFER S A Y8: I am a barber by &LFFERER FROM CHRONIC CATARRH
occupation, and work at 83« Sixth street. I have AND A COMPLICATION OF DISEASES FOR
been a rreat sufferer from CHRONIC CA- THE PAST TEN TEARS. HIS MOTHER
TAHRH for over el«ht " yenm. It . affects my SA^S: . . • .
head, maklnfr me suffer from HEADACHE, and "My little son-has been a great sufferer from
my N03E WOULD STOP UP, and I WOULD chronic catarrh, stomach and kidney trouble.
HAWK AND SPIT a great deal,: especially In «e has been sick ten years. He Is now twelve
the morning. My STOMACH also became af- years old. and I have doctored and used patent
fected from the DROPPING In my throat and medicines nearly all the time, but they never,
I would VOMIT. \u25a0 ...... w.~~ * did him any permanent good. This was htf
It also affected my HEARING, especially condition - when I brought him to Drs. Shore*
when I would take cold. . I became BILIOUS two months axo. I can say Drs. Shores' treat-
from so much CATARRHAL . POISON In the ment helped him 'at once; the second day he
system, and I felt run down In every way. began to Improve, and now. after two months.
• This was my condition when I came to Drs. the change ln his condition Is wonderful. His
Shores. JUST ONE MONTH AGO. I can say head, which was always stopped up. Is now
I>rs. Shores' treatment and medicines HELPED clear. His discharging ear does not run any
MB , from the FIRST WEEK. NO MORE more. Ills vomiting from his stomach trouble
HEADACHE. My nose, which was ALWATS h »» ceased; his heart, liver and kidneys are
SORE AND STOPPED UP, IS NOW CLEAR much better. He can now hear from his dls-
AND THE SORENESS IS ALL GONE. My charging ear. which was deaf,
stomach is better and the biliousness has "The change- In his condition since I began
passed away. "\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0 • • , Drs. Shoraa* treatment ls -wonderful, and I
I FEEL BETTER IN EVERY WAT AND I FEEL THAT DRS. SHORES HAVE SAVED
TAKE PLEASURE IN RECOMMENDING HIS LIFE,
DRS. 8HORE8* TREATMENT TO ALL CA- "It flvts me great pleasure to recommend
TARRH SUFFERERS. FOR THEIR TREAT- I>rs. Shores to all sufferers, for they have don*
P^1sS^ CBRT^ S^^N'S.WONDERS my mtte-n., Ag^^^
(Signed.) JOSEPH SCHAFFER • •"!« Florid* St.. Vallejo, CM."
v W5H' Mission street, 8anFranctsco/C*l'. • ' •>-
• Free' Month by r iviall : SPECIALTIES.
to-day for" symDWm blink, if f v l . he clty wrlt « Complaints. Diseases of Women andChlldren.
LnJi ..u. .Tv-^nfo.- A 1 *™ 1 « >OU cannot call Heart Disease. Nervous Diseases. Chorea tor
BBCiilfNINO A % ( ? > iW -SB c HSL«» ttw - ALL St? Vltus' Dance). Rickets, Spinal Trouble.
n?mVS« OT"fr>nw»^S^.2 P^ TREA TMENT Ovarian Dlwasen. Sciatica and Rheumatism.
WMII RBmVHnvi^rtS ™ DRS - SHORES Diseases of the Bowels. Piles. Fistula and Rec-
AND TRFATMKNT^R^p 0N r^ > £^J. EDICI NE Ul Troubles. Lost Manhood Private DJseases.
rONSULTATH™ ivn K^r»?° NOT D EUY. Goitre <or Btg Neck). Blood Diseases. Tape-
ALLr" T* v v* , ADV1CE MUBE TP worn™ Hay Fever. Hysterta. Epilepsy. Insom-
M^SHdl^&siSORES, Specialists.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
I Immense Sale of New Fall Dress Goods f
5~jE We begin, to-morrow morning with an EXTRAORDINARY SALE of New Fall Dress Goods, an of- «|
g- fering intensely interesting to every woman who loves to drees well. We say unhesitatingly and with
ZZ pcsitlve conviction that nowhere else can you duplicate or ever approach these" values at the: prices we
S= specify. EVERY NEW WEAVE and EVERY NEW SHADE that fashion recognizes in represented in this \ =3
Sfc= magnificent assortment. From a bargain standpoint, right at the height of the season} THIS BALE com- =32
th- pletely overshadows all our previous best efforts in Dress Goods selling. > Here are some of the details: .
I ALL-WOOL MELROSE AND 04 fin 52-INCH VENETIAN, 04 fill i
I SATIN-FINISHED PRUNELLA pliUU 52-INCH BROADCLOTH, «P|iUU |
\u25a0*- Melroee and Prunella are the desirable fabrics I YARD Fabrics of unquestioned 'excellence, the most • X I YARD \u25a0 -*S
2^ approved by fashion— nothing- dressier or more \u25a0 popular material for a stylish Tailor town, ' \u25a0 ZSX
•*- graceful. These are the best, faultlessly woven. Imported to Sell fuI1 >* 62 inches wide, .was manufactured to seU| mDor t e d tO Sell — •
fc and the hiphest finish, ln colors of Tan. Castor. 1 ™^!, £" V*"^ at $1.50 yard, in these fashionable shades: Re- lm f^., J5 \?J%! 3
21 Brown. Cadet. New Blue. Old Rose. Red. Navy. « 51.50 Yard 8eda^ Green, Cadet. Vleux Rose. Castor. Brown. «t 51.50 Yard
Reseda, Oreea, Gray and Black. Great value for fl.OO Tard Reds. New Blue. Gray, Navy and Black. Grand value at :...
\u25a0_ .:..... fl.OO Yard
$7 95 Rl iflK RRflinni (1TH A ™* * nd very nl « h cla8S offer - II I -WMll UFNRJFTTl^ The Identical quality is sold else- • =5
fc W. * J -~*y, D" UA0ULU ' " ln »- »«er**«ng to Tailor Suit ALL-IIUUL Htfinitl I AO whert at eoc yard . strictly all wool
S 1.45 YARD. wearers. This cloth U very *>x- A A O YARD Henrietta, a very soft and pretty ma-
«9i.-v^ ' f *" Ut ceptlonal. one of the finest quali- \u25a0•••** IMnUt terial for Wrappers. Tea Gowns and -^
C ties, rica and lustrous, cf an absolutely fast Black London dye. Waists, in colors of Old Rose. Reds. Light Blue. Royal, Navy.
fullj- £2 Inches, every yard worth J2.S5. Special for flr|.4» Reseda. Tan. Gray, Saphlre, Blue and Brown. Monday A Ac* -«
this sale at ; „ ...... Yard tj)» ..Yard *f*tC
| ANOTHER REMARKABLE OFFERING OF SEPARATE SKIRTS |
gj: Ssedal preparations hare boea mad* to make to-morrow* s showing- of Separate Bktrts a phenomenal success. Come expect In* si
**~ to find tie hasdsomest Skirt styles and the rreatest variety you have ever had the pleasure of seeing. They an the production -*•
jj- cf the leadln* New Tork Skirt manufacturers and Include the very latest ideas. In PEAU DE SOIE. TAFFETA. VELVET. VENE- \u25a0 --»
S>- TXA>. BROADCLOTH and CHEVIOTS. All are arranged Into special lots and we promise you the best Skirt bargains of the £«5
ssason. fiers wa Quote a few: • ' _^
$jZ$ (~%f% Ladies' Dress Skirts, 4^4$ £BJ*l C^f\ Handsome Dress Skirts. j5
ZZ U m^JkJ made *of a superior jrrade Y5SM t **^^mZJ \J made in styles that are 2
bach Homespun, in the latest jjSfF bach choice' In their hanc and
J~ graduated floance, with full flare, prettily trim- shape, of the finest imported Black Cloth, with
•^ med with black satin bands in pointed effects twfvY\ double flounce, full graduating flare effect,
21 aad roend flounce, perfectly tailored; well 'feaLi»A» perfectly * made; splendid value at «»q Cf% "2
worth $S.^o. On sale to-morrow at (£ aa n&iuUZs* $ 12 - To-morrow Each^O.JU
g~ Each *PV«UU lr*\\ - 3
«t= ~* . V \ / /5ST f\ High Glass Skirts, ! 3 '
SI EZf\ The very latest model of * *i I V\ * mimm^jp .\jr real swell styles, made 2
* »^J^J Skirts, made of fine Peb- \/ j^. bach of the imported Ens:-
sj^ each ble Cheviot and Venetian. /§L^ilP^w I»sh Pebble Cheviot, beautifully tailored,
beautifully corded and tucked, flounce trim- MllS=&$Wfi§&2$h st ' tcnc< * n tJle latest designs and trim- |
ZZ med with silk and satin bands, ideal lookinR JsIS^^&zWt?^ me( ? with Pan satin taffeta and mohair 2
S= Skirts; cood value at $io. Monday &j f-/\ braid; they are good value tfcl'j sg\
g= Each v/«3U at $17.50. Special at.. Each s>l*t3U
5^ Sll K TAFFFTA nRF^^S Jt ls ft sample line, otherwise you would have to pay one-third more for them. ~3
•"- dlLI » •/»! \u25a0\u25a0_•/* unLoo •Jmnio FasclnaUns styles, newest Imported modeU. flarlns; effects, with ruffles prettily :^
/>\i CDTr*!*! Cll r m/\».irkAX/ trimmed with lace insertion; Drop Skirt of taffeta, .with deep accordion-pleated -^
S^ "\u25a0' OrLtlnL 3ALL I>lU!llFAI. ruffles at bottom: hlch class in every particular; Skirts that are COROO ZS
yj— worth J35. Monday U. Each O-fctJ
CONTINUATION OF OUR BIC SALE OF BLACK SILKS. 3
tTe b^rtn to-morrow, the s«cond w«*k. with the most Important offering of Black Silks of the entire year. A great business -^
w* don* here the past w«k, because the values Indeed were extraordinary. The Silks we offer are the product of the celebrated ZZ£
C J. BONNET * CO.. ANTOINE GCINET & CO. and America's leading silk mill*, embracing every kind of Black Silk that is ~m
m— row in popuUr use. such as PEAU DE SOIE. TAFFETA. ARMURE, FAILLE FRANCAISE, Gros Grain, Duchesse and Peau de 3
Cygre. Only a few Items to suggest the rest, • ' ""^
S= 36-INCH TAFFETA. PEAU DE SOIE. GUARANTEED TAFFETA. BONNET PEAU DE $0!E. f3
Briliaat and lustrous, depend- 19 Inches wide, strong and II Inches wide; every yard Fine Dress Peau de Pole. Bon- — 3
tbie quality; regular value WSt. durable; worth $5c yard. Sale fully warranted for six months: net make; sold elsewhere at.
St: Special sale Q^r* P ric * Afir» regular value II. Sale 7Q r »$l CO. On special sale C»1 J "
Yard OOC Tard DSC price Yard « cfC « * Yardfcl
| Big Lace Sale Monday O AC A PHENOMENAL 0/V Qfl I
g wc^ S 5. * «. . M .t ATX Yd SILK WAIST SALE. V.v3U 3
4psw— a c-TT.crrrtw w* will erf at* & \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0HHB^ ||^BHMHH||HpsMHH| . . . _ II •**fB
ZZ Ri^^t 0 " \££ wh^uTc^ t^^w l Sr^^w#V^I Waists worth $o.50 and $8.50 Monday at Vr EACH =5
an» m F r«>at 'I'mani a lead- w5SSr<*£/ek€^£&wJKki4a You will marvel at. fhc low prices when you sec
-^ 0 PSS^S^^^^H these beau . tiful ? Ild st - vlish Waists - but »•« Profited by
the purchase includes over |sjt$j W* TiS^&wSt^S^Sm l ' lc ncces5 i t >' ot l^ e manufacturer, who olTered us 200
IlLvck^chantilly^^nd .\u25a0^^SsHSSsHsi of hcst 5C . llin » waists at a K rcat sacrifice. There 3
Esci'RiAL. " calloons. * ln are manv c h o i ce styles to choose from, in Peau de Soie • r3X
*T" medallion ard serpentine ef- ' and Taffeta; < all or them are fashionably made.* hem- *^
feet: also Po'nt de Venise in cream and ecru: •xqutslte patt»rns. stitched and tucked, and ln all th* leading: colonr also
•- Laces that sold as high as 4V yard, here Monday at C%A<~ black; size 32 to 44; Monday's special price. CQ €kf\ *^
g= Yard A*»V *.- EachOO«cfU
MORE FRENCH FUNNEL BAR6AINS. A SILK PETTICOAT SALE AT $6.50. A GREAT SAYING IN 3
«!«« for the tremendous vomm 9 Crand Value at $9.00. - currTC =1
--- rf our Flar-ael sales is that the elections ©„,. Peticoat 8ales Btind absolutely un- Ollttlo. -- '
»— •«* th * finest of any in ihis city. An- equaled: that's why this department U „ . „ . S»
HZ °J her J s because our prices are lower than irrowlnK so rapidly. Another one of our Monday from IS to » per cent below ZSZ
J^Z ?lwwhere, Acain for this week. 100 pieces famous offerings to-morrow. Tettleoats P««ent wholesale prices. ~*m
ZZ 7av^r25 t-s^hSi 1 ?* el ? C . "^'V*^ 8 ' the reilde of th * Mltoe*. grade rustling TaffeU S4xJ0 Bleached Sheets, special at..30eeach
S^ wkl^ITi l TV * l ' ts «ad_nrappjrs; with deep graduated flounce, felled seams. 63x90 Bleached 8heets special at..42eeach •«
B Si^HS^rff t^ ? t^^^\^^Yi7^ 4 .as«'3
g M&.^our tl»^..r*£ 29c *?^. b^!».?:::;:::::;^$^ SM^^ffi^iawS %
B SI.25 QUILTS MONDAY AT 98c EACH. S2.50 MARSEILLES QUILTS MONDAYSI. 95 EACH 1
•^ ~JS. f S?* 1 .^ eria f t0 I 5 £ on ' ia >": *° d(3l «» " r K» \u25a0'«* Honey- Tou cannot buy them wholesale at the price w« charge here
•~- ccrab Bedspreadt; already hemm»d; a gTeat bargain QU r Monday. Extra heavy in the choicest designs; really «• I Vft
fc: « OOW worth J2 50; Monday ........Each O I—
M Sb A SALE HER #""* <-4M~ LADIES'KID6L0VES
'.r.tr that ri^e* trvSL Klore In San FrAn-
g— '" r!y - ,- v . a]( | rB1 J| n g fo]OrS. «^
IUC Tarfl. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Sixes? * n<1 ln . '" 3
A NEW ANNOUNCEMENT. - \
WRITE AND SEE.
Don't Let Prejudice Keep You From
Oettingr WelL- -
NO MONEY IS WANTED. ,
\u25a0 Simply write a postal for the. book that
applies to your case. See what I have to
say. Tou can't know too much about
ways to get well. .
My way is not less effective because I
tell you about It. There are millions of
cases which nothing" else can cure. How
can I reach them save by advertising?
I will send with the book also an order
on your druggist for six bottles Dr.
Shoop's Restorative. I will tell him to
let you test It for a month at my risk. If
it cures you, the, cost will be $5.50. If It
falls, I will pay him myself.
The book will tell you how my He-
storative strengthens the inside nerves. It
brings back the power • that operates tho
\u25a0vital organs. My book will prove that no
other, way can make those organs strong.
No matter what your doubts. Re-
member that my method is unknown to
you, while I spent a lifetime on it. Re-
member that only the cured need pay.
Won't you write a postal to learn what
treatment makes such an offer possible?
Simply state Book No. 1 on Dyspepsia,
which book you Book No. 2 on the Heart,
want, and ad- Book No. 3 on the Kidneys.
dress Dr. Snoop, Book No. 4 for Women. -
box 630. Racine, Book No. 5 for Men (sealed).
Wls. . • Book No. S on Rheumatism.; BREST, Prance. Oct. 19.— The Frenck
schooner Rene, from Newfoundland for
St. Malo. -has bean wrecked on the. rock?
oft Penmarch, ir.Finisterre. The captair
and ten of the crew were drowned.
.. \u25a0 \u25a0 . 0 •\u25a0.
Skipper J aad His Hen j Perish.
Not a Citizen of America.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 19.— The man
named Schultz, who has been convicted
at Lubin, Russian Poland, of having In
bis possesiion a false passport under the
name of De Gachoff, who haa been sen
tenced to four years' penal servitude, and
therefore to deportation to the island of
Baghalln, and who says he was born In
New York, has'been In correspondence
with Mr. Tower for eighteen months. The
Embassy and the State Department have
thoroughly Investigated - his claims to
American cltliennhlp and have pro
nounced them unfounded.
When a boy begins to -wash . his face
without being told ho Is passing through
the ordeal of his first lov« affair. . \u25a0•:
BERLIN 1 . Oct. W.«rThe Neuste Nach
richten says: ', t'Varlous newspapers . pub
lish, reports, from .Munich that Count von
Biilcw, yielding to the pressure of Bava
ria and Wurtemburg,. has coifnented to
drop the minimum tariff on cereals. • We,
on authoritative . Information, - declare the
statement to be absolutely unfounded.
No suggestion has emanated on the sub-
German : Cereal Tariff It Allured.
KNOX V1LL.E. Tenn.. Oct. 19.— Captain
Richmond P. Hobson arrived In Knoxvllle
to : day to attend. the Grand Army of tho
Republic dedication of a monument mark-
Ing the site of the home of General James
W. White, founder of Knoxville. who was
Hobson's Rreat-sreat-grandfather. ; The
ceremony occurred this afternoon on the
lawn. of the suburban, home of the Hon.
Hohson Leads the Procession.
J. C. Greener, where General White**
house stood. It was preceded by a street
parade, headed by Hobson.
A woman Is probably gentle ar\d amiable
In hot weather because all the progressive
euchre clubs are shut down. ~ . :
ject from either Bavaria or Wurtemburg.
Count von Bulow has not altered his
views, and It may be safely assumed that
the Bundesrath will agree to the paopoaed
tariff ;ln its; present form, apart- from a
few unimportant hlteratloni.";- < \u25a0•.-. .• • . *
Landslide Destroys Many Homes.
KINGSTON*. Jamaica, Oct. U.-Mall ad
vices from Barbadoen giva particulars of
a landslide covering &00 acres of land in
the district of Boscobel. Nearly a hun
dred houses were destroyed and the Isl
and's best plantations were ruined. The
district was devastated. Th« Governor
has started a relief fund.
PARIS. Oct. 13.— A dispatch to the
Temps from Constantinople under to
day'* date confirms previous dispatches to
th«s effect that the Lorando claim (over
iJlOO.W) Turkish money loaned some yearn
ago to the Porte» Is mill unsettled, and
»a>s that tho rumor that the Government
of Turkey has agreed to the French de
mand Is untrue.
Turkey Backward in Payment.
EACRAMENTO. Oct- IS.— Beal Elliott. I«
yarn old. wa» drowned In the Sacramen
to River while fishing thl» morning, one
mile eouth of this city. His companion,
Aliyn Burr, made an unsuccessful at
t'rr:pt to rescue him. The boy was a
grandson of Mrs. Theodore Demlng of
this city. j
Drowned In the Sacramen to.
RACP-AMENTO. Oct lS.-Rallroa<_ traf
fic between this city and Stockton ha«
r/e<>ri delayed to-day on account of the
wreck of a freight train at Forest J*-»k<\
between Gait and Lo<J|. Six cars were de
railed. The accident took place at 4
o'clock this morning. It i« said that no
one waa Injured. A wrecking train wan
Beat from this city to clear away the
Cebris.
Wreck at Forest Lake.
NEW YOP-K. Oct. 13.-Liebler & Co. an
nounced to-day that Mr*. Patrick Camp
bell had algned a contract to appear in
"The Second Mrs. TanquTay" arm other
plays of her rep'-rtolre in a number of
American cities this winter. The first
P'-rformance of the engagement will be
given in New York noon after January 1.
Famous Actress to Come Here.
BUTTE, Mont.. Oct. 13.— William Dough
erty, a bricklayer, wan killed and Peter
Jordan, another bricklayer, was seriously
injured in a disaster at the new Oppen
helmerbuli-ir.g. on Galena etreet. late to
day. The men. with several others, were
vorkiBf on the fourth floor when the
platform beneath th'-m gave way. All of
the workmen except Dougherty and Jor
dan heard the crash and escaped In time
Bricklayer Killed by a IY.11.
~ALT LAKE, Oct. IS.— George J. Gould
MX) a party of railroad ofTk-lals represent
\u25a0t.e; the Mlrsouri Pacific, the Denver and
Rio Granrie and the Rio Grande Western
\u2666 vstems spent the greater part of to-day
-n viewing the sights here. At 10 o'clock
T b«*y attrrnded a «p/-cial or/ran recital in
Um Tabernacle, after which they called
upon Joseph F. Smith, the newly elected
r>r*_id*rit of the Mormon church. Thin
ftftersoon the party boarded their special
'rain and went to Park City, where sev
eral large n-.Ir.es are located. The visit
ore returned to this city this evening and
t'i-nijrht w*-r» the guests of Governor
Wells at the Salt Lake Theater.
G»org-e Gould a Guest in Utah.
CHETENN'E. "Wyo.. Oct. 19.-To-day
Bantey McCaffrey, a mining man. made
•he statement that his company, of which
nrfXtts George Emmerson of Denver Is a
rr."_r.ber. intended to consolidate all of the
big paying mines in the Southern Carbon
I cunty country and connect them with
• be emeiter at Grand Encampment by an
e '-ctric railway sy.stem.
The scheme includes the Battle I_ake
Dot-glass Creek and Grand Encampment
iistncTs and the entire town site of Grand
Kr.campment. house?, business enter
prises, bank and smelter. Th#» deal ha»
\u25ba~*-n pending for some time. The trolley
--.«tem will. It Is estimated. co.«t J3.009 r>yi
to construct. The amount involved in the
?oVmm! e of 115.-
the Owners of the Payings
Properties.
Electric Eailtray System Proposed by
l-TIITES Of WYOJUNG
WILL BE CONSOLIDATED
•'I took pains." said he. "to Impress up- |
on the statesmen whom I had the pleas
ure of meeting in England and elsewhere
that I had no official position except mem
ber of the Court of Arbitration and no '
authority whatever to represent any one !
but myself. It is a fact that in private ;
conversation I did discuss, among other
questions, the isthmian canal treaty, and |
it may not be improper to say that the !
burden of my remarks in England was
that the opposition to the original Hav-
Pauncefote treaty by 'no mean? Implied
ar.y feelir.srs toward Great Britain but
ihcse o. sincere friendship and regard.
TASKINGTOX. Oct. 19.— Frederick W.
Holls. who \u25a0was one of the representatives
to the peace conference at The Hague,
called at the White House to-day and
i unshed with President Roosevelt. Holls
fays tie has been in thi» country since
August 20. He asserts that he never pre
lended to be th*» "mouthpiece of the ad
ministration." During his visit abroad
:a.«t summer Holls said he had met Lord
I_itnsdowne.
The Hague Peace Conference,
Dines With Boosevelt.
Frederick Eclls. Representative at
SAYS THAT HE DIDN'T
ACT AS A -'MOUTHPIECE*'
BERLIN'. Oct. 19.-The N'eueste Nach
richten says the report that President
ltoosevelt aims at a considerable Increase
of the navy is confirmed by the naval
estimates, which _u?k for $22,000,000 more,
which would be double the amount of the
appropriation for the German navy until
March Si. If-?.. The paper adds: "The
American navy becomes a more important
power every year, and all other seafaring
nations must earnestly consider it."
The National Zeitunc says: "President
Roosevelt's proposed increase of the navy
can nowhere excite distrust. The more
the United States participates in the
worlds politics the better lor each single
power. The rreator the number of pos
sible diplomatic combinations the greater
the liberty of action." The same paper
asserts that American ship-buildin£. con
fidertng the number of ships under con
struction September O. has tripled since
1S9?
The Papal delegate to Peru. Mgr. Cas
parrl. Is mentioned as the possible suc
cessor of Mgr. Sambucetti, the Papal
Nuncio at Munich.
A congress of anti-duelists opened at
_>eips-o tOKiay.
The citizens of Aix-la-Chapelle have de
cided to erect a monument to the memory
c. Emperor Frederick.
Negotiations are pending between the
Prussian Government and the Thurinplan
states on the subject of Prussian manage
ment of all the Thurinffian private rail-
T-^ads.
The body of Goorge Stratton. the com
poser and publisher, of Boston, who died
h<?re suddenly at the ape of 70 years, was
'remated Thursday at Hamburg. The
widow will return to the Veiled States.
Kmperor Williarr. has presented to th»
1-ord Mayor of London. Frank Green, his
photograph and autograph as a souvenir
of his Majesty's recent visit to England
n the occasion of the funeral of Queen
"ictoria.
Nothing is known in official circles here
of the report that some German marines
recently brought to Germany the head of
the Chinaman who assassinated Baron
'on Ketteier. the German Minister at
Pekine. If the story is true some surgeon
57T-oi_jrht the head here on his own ac
cocat.
Story About the Head of Von
Ketteler's Murderer
Denied.
Berlin Editors Comment
on Uncle Sam's
Activity.
GERMANS FEAR
AMERICA'S NAVY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901; -
17
THE EMPOBIXTM. j THE EMPORIXTM. \ |. THE EMPOBnng. X \ THE EMPOBIUM. " | , THE EMPOBIUM. _ | ....... THE _ .'!» M3e ! oaiUM '
\ _ New Fall .' m ,m man WMtt ffMPOIHl VkM Wta " alV!an Ribbons.
| taXSSL *""!.„-_• *2i?Z;*H \u25a0.Hi" . . And • «'^» "« ' •SSsrMlS'S^
» iMSon it comn in - full line of colorings ; "wtar guaranteed" tnd any OUt-Of-tOWfl H .tf__L_f*f _li>|%1>|||_» 0/^-^ _m«» " H ™° f ° Supply De- coloring, to match cushions, 14 different colorings and ___,
tf warranted to wsth ; is finished like a Peau de Sole , g%g* addr ,,r \u25a0 VUlUlgH,PLIWg MPW W -TM gsl 1*^ width 4^ inches, regular yaluJ 45c; special Monday, yard .iCi/C
S lm!^Sl \r* WetVline new* fkli «vJ: X Tw« ' ' CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'3 ORANDEST STORE P3Tim r ' Neck Rjbbons-,000 yard, of ***** .uperb quality ratin Forentfr*
J TafftU Flannel -In a comp.etc line of ne« \u25a0 fall color ngs 5 is wir- — ' t Neck Ribbons, the new *>ft weave in solid ani changeab'e color-
I . cSfci"^^ Emporium Methods Mean |^|^^^gg
K .!?""'".!? *!T..^!.!^l n .I l !'.r!! e .! SI. 00 large assortment, prompt service, polite attention and the refundi-g of money where Mon'S SitltS OP OVB1*»
S p_on MousVeii'nV VVivet—' TWi" i. VverVp^puiw "v. Vet this season ; goods are" not satisfactory and are returned in good condition. . . A fl *t%es
*' is nnishrdli-e a P nnc Velvet; we hare them in all _r»__f ~ GOSMW&m Si§*SJ%}a •
| «p^§rn^^*m Blankets at About ' 2 Real Value. ,..._ ;- '
* J-J7 -T-.B-1-r *\M ** mm *w _-_r_r_i _m_fh mm -T-Wi _F_P> \u25a0 • : • ' ' * \ \u25a0 j^d _W /V-sm-L Overcoat we mean good
g fweirV nununuruniGf 9m \y e C j 0Sec j ou t the entire stock of the well-known Stockton Woolen Mills' \Sr !-Fy • « n - w °° 1 6bric3 » ««* ****** **'
S Sg¥¥*fms$&& . Se f ver ? ctK l^°%° *?<?) "•eJif: White Blankets. The very name is a guarantee of high-class goods. As>we took all jzL \u25a0*» i * su *?*' About these par-
?» f»\ « '\u25a0 « u i/^^tX chiefs, direct trom St. Gall and Beltast . .. • o .....ji.. n /r ?! VII 'I ticular Suits and Overcoats we
t been P i.ced on our shelve, durng of them, we were ob ued to take some that were slightly stained, but generally /\ , B^ &rtTer ]1TZ tZ
K ¥f& m rmm t^ t^^'^S^^ speaking they are perfect, first- class Blankets. As we had previously contracted /; iVIVl [ « « good ., . nr Siz. S o «
S JLiijjl--- l '^frH-a ' u ~~ '* * — We invite attention' to the for our winter, supply, these 9^0 pairs are an outside line, and we commence To- H<\ • \F I $15.00 suit « overcoat, our
1.5 foI!owin8 line " Morrow a Special Sale ar about one-half their real value. The prices at which \\- ( » M | #< . * suitings « nw Fan and winter
*I '^$7/ \!&Sl£< A \ iQ £ oa fVtr Hind l r£ O ' d ™i y° u ca n tuy them would warrant your laying them in for future needs, if not requir- \>p * J /^^^^^ popular coionnp
* WY \vSw "y 1 "- ' ' '" ins: them now. . ; ' . - ; . j j ,h I 7W " d^ tteras - ...
I m* r$*X. White California Blan- White California Blankets- 72 rj \[i/ J
t 71 i\X/ At 26g osoh-Ai pure linen kets — For single .oetis, 4 pounds inches wide, v\ eight 6 pounds, a good , n In
i Wffcv SJtSi^ 50 !S; xvei^. g° od v^ue at $3.9?; *** '$% 9^ value; special per fip . / [J-^J so^ m «ik **, u-i
tl V,".-/ ct sheer linen lace trimmed Hanlkcr- Special, CeT pair vPMm**F€J DaU ' •^•*#s» W«# I / %\\] wlth °«» h^ry |armer sateen
V ch'efs \u25ba"*". • I II ml I . or wool serge; silk sleeve lin-
[j: >i«a5o«-o*-tap-~iNwti.i,_«_h«.pH«b.t* ! r_.i White California Blankets— Fine California Blankets — 78 I 1/ JB »» £j?Z
l * „ -„ .^ lt . For double teds, e pounds weight. inches wide. 7 pound* weight: a £6 9 c \u25a0 ' IJL— T$>" • * « «-^
J. ititched linen lawn -aint) Han ikerchicfs. New .t/!es. • gOOCl Va US at $4-9$; Spe- gHj% g%fm ValUej Special per pa'T. . . . gHjf j* g% l+Jm^ • tfO OB
t> Chic's Initial Han:kcrchie s, put up in V dcren; fancy boxes, at p^-. rjgjr. ............ VrJsr * 9 1_P .............. mL**T'S~T'%F M %0>£9b
; J>, 25c a boxm \u25a0 * " • * ****** v5' t •
ft. Ladies' Initial Hsndkar chiefs— Put u P in yi dozm _r»_«_*«# i_r a ~" — T1Z — • _n -_—.-.. 7Z *
J boxes; all linen; hand rmbroiderel in:ta!; at QQq and $1.50 . GOOU VBtUCS at POpiilSr '_P_»*fCC» M — -, § 0% ' ' <T~\
I ""\u25a0 -»->-. _-«# Underwear and Hosiery. SS SX. 1
$ Brush-Edge Skirt Binding, velveteen heading ; vard SO Ml Lijiet Hetvy FIec«. Lafe/ unihrJnk.ble wool Jstfey-Stlinf Ejyp- Ladi«' imported ftit b_tck guirantecd pure W«««-BF^ %p~T ******
\i Curling hens, fine qu.litv ; each . ...lo SFk L i n e d Eiyptun tim Cottsn Trghts-Aulcle Ungth, open or woo 1 . Cashmere Host, mer:no tee! -.**- , M \u25a0_ /f^\
** Sort Rubber Hair Corleit, new ; Vet of 6 2Sc iT^f • * :d; C °' Or ' W * cki the bet ftlt '" g and toe; alto in sanitary gray; par 9UG Boys* New Winter OVCrCOfltS, J4.9S / 7T f\
f Whtr and Cooted Keather-Sttchei Braids ;"'p":«-V.'.'.V.V.V.'.".fttO "H -^ed; the rrguar fi.z 5 Tight. b*_ct fine gauged Cotton Hose For bovs « to XO vean of IK / l^ \
I Ho-nHaTPin.,spedalva-u-;do_:n We /^TTS J. ' ., L' ?&*TJ??*M «! HH Richelieu, RemV.ndt, mutary and lace *0T boys 3 to »O ye«l Ot «ge. # I \
I £ Tad,-s Dress shirks, 2S to 3 j inch ; pair 7Bo /f\ \\ \ ' '"i* "£ *] *£.' ww \u25a0 hoje . hJgh ; ce( , hed> The materials ve tan covert, whip- 41 W 1
• f» Gcr!~s ;-\^rd Angorj Sliii: Briics ; p;rce. SO /*\ I * 1 \ P f « fCt ,.,... . . - . T \u25a0ll j double soe paT SSSC •' \/A > \u25a0/ i
il &^S^s|*^^^^'t$ Bk=Jj «'^^li^Sfi^p|s^ |2£s )L"'''M'" cord> or Olforcl W0& W ' kJ
tf -Tj ton" Rhbon Bxikln- each 3 C *fk AX Lidits 1 UnihrinkiWe Chi dr:n*s unthr'nkab'e wool Jersey riLbid *!*'?!'! mZ'-PSP^ made and trimmed; would be cheap
|» Si.k Monojram, on tap-; card, 2 doien 2UC 1 Wi jfff\ Wool m»ed rxtr* VtstJ and Pants - Well tin sh:d and perfect «ne».no neei W;f: T/o .JWk . « '
Jf Satin Brt Hc^s Supporters, a 1 coo s; rar 2Sc ' 'fiN IlmX heavy Jrr»ey ri tn^ n-; to'or, natural; all s:ici. Per gmgm ani tor; Site. $ ;l'WVwf' at Our price 1 J r r"^ i
tf Fo:ter % s Hoje Supporrers black; ?1 ir B MO \ »' *A tfe|'w\ Veits and Pants— l»rment 9UC '"j'^fffi /^if*- V\ V LJ III •
S f h^^t^T/ n x n . n: H :i: R Pir ----; | 5C irfe\ P*™.»!cie:ergth. Sults-Oneiu stv.e; buttoned acros, chest, fcl V* 4 9**mWm S^XT
If Li^ici Back >atm Tucked Br.t?; rach 5 JO U *V!iVfeS(r^ w '. tn ftrnch joke „.\u25a0„!, j ' . .. Heavy 4-tnread /.*•*• .7 V.*. 3 . _^
|Jt Mo^wir Tabular Shor Lares; do/en, i '...........'...'..'.'..... fUO /V'Tli « rfa»n!.";iAn^'M- Children's unihrinkable wco 1 . Union Suits— «*« and MI V- \ m V) *£ OUT^ 1»W €#€#•# lsf»J't#*r W^M MM 9*9
I 1/ Selt-Acjtsting Stock Foundations; ca:h tGo /f»*^ ceptiona] garment at BattoneJ acrost the cheit, with drop seats; ~ m 'ibbed; trip'e t* */ _^P^ |^ ),"] We hare jus: received about 360 pairs of Ladies* VVaLk-
I •? Jrt Trimrning Bjtton«, a»sor ei :ty ei; derm |7c the nrice per earmrnt r~ 0% co'or, natura 1 ; lizts 2 to 14. jears. gm B knee; douale f'l.^^ ing sl»or« for fall and winder wear, made of the best
j* Tomboy Should:r Brsce>, z to 10 yrars; pair 25O , . .............. OUG Suit 9OG heel and "sole; , • \Jf . quality Vki Kid, new modern toe _. — --^
j*C m — ~Z Z; m : " *7^m \ Ladies' umhrinlcab'-e wool heavy x%in:rV.v^eigh*- Ladies* Auittalian Lamb's Wool Hose - Rbbed J*-' '% v ™' I ]& and patrnt kathertjp, welted ttL/y )
i| Men's Furmshtnas* v (;i!O n 5 orp^^buckoro,^^ ;::::::::::;::::;:::::::^sc / r.- ac .hoer";^aiL ec ti EPTJ
•> *•' seeves, raits ankle len;th, French >o<e mer n^ heel an] toe. Piir Z69G _.... . , .... v*JJ . ., . _. . I rf VTi t snoe» are goon »*!««. CA^^T
« 100 Dozen Men's Handkerchiefs- band.; our r^u'ar |i.sj «ch qwlit/; fcr , . , . L . , L fl . j Children s fast blaclclace nbbei Usle Thread IV»/ \^ | 3 .oo; our pnee, Wj^ I
j« Made of a good quaVuv Ja,antt bi k, f% this srascn, natural cr white. # nt% Ll i !e ' S«»«n«^ <«« *>'« hravy fleece lined Hcie-Full «eam!e«; double he=l . £2.50 ; «W A\
jj. emhrokered initial, fa'.f. : r: a nice S ot^ *? =»| i Per garment $1bQO Colton H<St; htgh spaced hee', _ ani s.le; s.zei 5 to 9. H»r.... «?9C i«^S jf/ y^»
tf porket handkerchief; S oc V^^ Je^Ji:e*ni onr-thirJ wool winter < oMe P * T -* OI? Children's Imported Hern^d^rf Black Naco ; . very latest «yle La. JR SJ
t etch. 3 for 25O v^/l we ght Union Suits. Th: lartusi "F!or- Ladies* ImporteJ Hermidorf bU:k heary Cotton Hosti mth white extracted o — oies Vicj KiJ Uce Shoes, made w.th a iKL-^sft
J. Men's Fancy Hosiery-Jatt received, a jL-^-v erxt" make, buttoned a: :<hs the' che.t; two-threid Cotton Hosct solid b'aclc; un- P^'kaoots; sizes $ to 9, rair. . . . J0C LouU XV heel, hand- welted extension joles, f&^ f\s
IT arg; line ot a.l the atest deigns in /^ f\ >. coor*. white or mtura!; weU rinished, periect beached sole or entir; unbeachei foot; The strjrttst line of Ladies' and Chil- <!uU mat k]i t0 P w '« tunbunt eyeletf, jT M
% rrrs, go.-d cuility co:ton; / H \^ X fit and sp!end:d wearing gar- A- r.tra hijh iplicH her), doube -or. _ _ drtns Mckry tver shown in this city, at ntw moiem toe and pat-
J> F iir 25C /. TV^ \ mfnt . p.r.ui:.. &1.OO Piir '... s?5C th* lowest possible figures. " ent leather tip.; our pnee (fi£-^*^
m> A tins line of Imported LVe and Ba!- / A 1 I J J . \u25a0 -. \u25a0 . \u25a0 - •- ; _ . . . , , ./•
J* brigran Ho-e— All the Ute« mles of ( < U L&^S m—~ MB sf»^— — .^^ •*»_£_ • We hare just receiTed a Terjr large as»arta«at of
I t—\T^ *\u25a0'\u25a0 soo^^CCjr ; Fall Carpet Sale. o . s S-.^S 5 s 1 'L^ t Sr25;
i ' ' Mtns'lve'rwelr- 'Uss^x New style carpeting jus: received from New York— composed of the better P?33i •ty:etoa«dbr*,heaTy-wdght and ught-wdght
* N i ur^;^;Vh^'. \ \ S rades of lr>z™'™> Brussels. 1 Velvet and Axminsters. at prices far beow real.values; M $\ i^^S'ZS?^™™? 0 ***
If nOM!§ wen rea"e Pr *nd Cli nicV5 Sv 1 Durchase > made dur ins 1 h .5 sale held, storage ires, until wanted . _ f^v(^^^ c * nbe h;d: our pricc
If ; | y^» tin *hcd parrnrnt; each. f\ 1 Imgrah Carpet— Of a hrirr, <W»> cu« itv, bright, cherr- tmjm Uien Warp Malting— Three feet wde, double dye, reTenible, durable - "V/SfflP^D^ &3.5O 1 i» "
Jf ; : , \M§\N 75O i Vul and c ffrctive des'gns. Special Fail price, yarJ JtC and in all coloring!, induing white and inserted; worth ' V^iV. |p^gfe< \r • j pk-j I "*\^^
** t SS^Ferce-Uned Merino Underw.-ar— in a nice silver Tapestry Brussels— Exact copi*. or BoJv B.u»se:», nobbv —jy^ 35« P«.y«<*. Fa « price * 4C*+C 6 **^!*^ W, "ici Kid Av «JkT
5 I ! r *L' " - Wellna<le an:l nk ' Ir fiailked «" men: ; *3L\mTtfiiT^ CenuinC B ° d y Bru,«l,-Known by .11 to b= one of the nnm quality Sho«, n«r l/V^T
J \u25a0 I r Jfi | i, nuke, a nn= garment tor wir.t.-r wear ... S * nf *' rd l l0 '* lre "J 5tlnjen f J*P«»««y Bn»«ls--FaU «?«•«"• «"<« of * carprt t.r weir ; an extepTionally goodline to select „ ' toe aad \>|^»V
I* \ «, j;|: • 5OC 74© frcm - Social Fa'l price.... $1,12 p , t e n t leather
I IXLUIM' ptter,; cumeo ffi ,-xh, '.^ 5Oo jWj S^F,, F ice..... ,.!,.. 6 .. 84C she , : fcer by S feet 3 :n:h ; s. $14.75 ii^P^Si^ .
Jf nitAoo #<Mf M M<» • Linoleums-I2le:t w:de. of an excellent quilt/ t.ie ani ;n- gmgm_ \u25a0 3 «- a- .^ r " «K # K/Tl
* UreSS L ninffS. IaidflooTin«effict;w.rth85cp:r>ard. FA *pn ial price . OOC Sze 9 feet by 6 lert 9Y,j£& • 9I.&IJ
S Si!!c Mercerized Morrers — N;w coors, }ard * ' — -
i Oi ff V**™ Special Sale $25.00 New Taller Grocery and Una f!!? us " n We °* p J;.
t siks _ , i'ifi* Toilet Soap. of Books. Dress SI 9. 50. Liquor Specials. fl|- <*»«» *? 75 *
J t^^^'^S^W;^ J^5) m^n/Xw iV^S-Our b.: Eastern sugar cured „=- " .' W[j *fc£J l * ( £
Jt O //* i ' _*B*HBMMEB3^I.iy \u25a0 -* looh. Oj'rim ->itnjji « n.» .... m0m0 *0 Cj**-mvrc i. ' * to-morrow !b 14C Wo
Jf ra^B^cicR-^d P.Vc^e-Y.rd.'.'.'.ygo J jf^^^^SS-W The "ft 1 °j Wi y- D^ Gi b . " lVk "' '" ff?» , I e t ifT. J Ccffee-Our c^ebrateV j^i VndMoVh'a, tnac " t.Te y"ur w^
0 "TT T1^7 ISKVc P ubi.hed.:5.. 5 o. Monl.y <£ fas Ig7. .rimmed verj K1 S re » uUl! J r at 35^ A, specal to-morrow //A^^\ xpd we bre the
t Breakfast Plates {.£" un > A t ,y. but •\u25a0••••. ••--•-• ; 200 yMrfvAX »« «
af CO r c«n up^ZrWlft^SS - Popular Copyright BOOKS. /V$%a\ , al *° tasteu'ly, Mlish-V«tory brand, sells regu ar.y 9 c, spe- / 'J, U j U^gJ Wn ladies* white wear.
* O^C, 'MHne,feMfefeS2^g^7 w _. / u " * \u25a0 fAt /hyW^ * ifh bl « k -« in ..«*'• •••morrow, 4 pkfii 2So A Y | p^/ Ladles' Skirt Chem-
5 B * 5^w Breakfast Plates-- .f hi;b-^=^ ' % <**ZB&' V*o^k* th it hivib.'en forme l y< srld for / AM. W I map% the k ; nd Best Glace Citron/Onnje or Umon Peel— (lil/MfM B ftr^ be-Witli tucked
I* JTjfe&ir^r^K Th5n Car: ' bai crade ' $'.75, $'.50 and $1.25. Special jmg*— \.\y»>JK\ thu *" M; evet y Special to-morraw, lb .. ; ....... .tSo uA/ H {' I I a'il flonnce, lace-
iS As»^^^»\ Chiri> Kal ° P Toilet Soi ? -Th: Corcna, ' Imperial W tch .„. fL ®" ; ' n" "•• ** O - y V/viW' of this rrtat Raisins-Choice, new loose Muscatel, special sfflT-' !'-i M trimmed __- .
5 /#T mH Ha«!, Savon L=la, BancU purchased in CaH W ' lt ' MlSt " ?' V " •: : *.*•• —•••.. : 1 'U. v,he coud n,t be \u25a0 to-mctrow, 4 1b, ..25O S>/V ' yoke...75C'
* Ii £f \u25a0 TKsl " te P? " k ' '»'- rrjusrwav they ucutd have t« be retaiel ..d J/.' ' ' W ,;•\u25a0//. "opkimon Smith M y^ better at doub'e Almonds— Choice rao-r shell so-c^l to-mor- : Udies* DrawtfS— •-
£ l'r*t it drccr.t-on; they at , jc b.,x; we'will ofier s;=o bo«r, on _ ' 'Sold. er. of F. rune ... ! JC the pri , e . c , or , AJmo^ds Cho.ce pap.r sheU, sp.c.l to-mor- Hem$dtched roffle w tacked
E Vrf5|\ • Jw I ouregul/rjrice J ''The Sorrows of Sitan By Mirie Cirell i\ \ black, on »ae to- Tea— Good unco crsd Japan, special to-mor- Udles' Muslin Gowns— With embroidery ia.
\tl \*™tu^*^ S offi. 4 odozen; "Ziika" By Mari; Corel i tl\\ |i\ . m'trrow at . ' row, Ib 32O . sertlon, full length and width
ue P ace the™ #J/«#|b«« »»e-Vs»#«T '^•"'J"^'" "' V/» ' •o^/'t"™ C^, re ' /^^ X&&K M -~'--> Josso Mooro AA Whfskoy— '..\1\75C
» "^«fi«i^^ en special sa:e *^* UMWMVV BmMSgnGWSm " I h, I'r ».>nrr of Znda ...B> Anth.r.y Hope flfe^0*r%Z?& SI 9.5 O R'gu arly 9S c bottle, special to.rr.orroy. ... Ladies* Fine Cambric Skirt— With Nainsook
I to-morrow at the r e markabe P ric: /i?o _^— -^— -rfj Wc hi>e J UJt " A L " d ' °' v »;-*V F^^S^^^ Tn « A M **<> embroidery ruffle, an elegant --,
J cf .^cf6..,. ffffC ' e:e " ed 3 ««• ..tk-pm'Ti: B " F»n«» Hodgson Barnrtt , N w T Pert or ih:rry, Angelica or Mu 3 at: I- All -nicie $3.00
I T. — B Q&Bg&ggSL C the l,r,e« wj . r»,e Pnd« of J-nnuo .... . B> Egrrton Ca.t e Silk lint d_ Jacket. Mt ra choice w.neT, regu ary JH. S o gallon. Ladies* Cambric Gown, M eut, with insertion
I rur '^^ Bj! - • • • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 * «^ ' se - m -™" " d jKifi^-Eti » „ rvizr^ • • • • S1OS i*^z**^r*** cm -
* TltiS Week, !*$£&£!!&! o ?*lZ ""\u25a0 l^b«sVw^ t \V.;.B/HcnfJs.«iMeirf«« «J W ,acks in lengrr or hi, irn;th S thov SI kwo.d Whlikey-That popular brand, spe- bnc ".ffl., wash s.lk r>bbon at
i Jf a2TU- WISP ik^ritt^ ••TheD.mn.tonofT^n^e*. . « new .h. .,a ... :n , a, ' .e . -..,—, en .76^
I ff - • L tr ona ' i t S^iiliBiiil M^^W^o^^ Wm£:& m *mM ' u^^^lvv^ 511 r:
jf 4J«» -' up-*o-d<t* carrrentit ***y tn y~~ • ' •/ - tt-rZ » - u "j •• n 'r> p i •# • \u25a0 v ( ' • ' " i*b»jc» Aprorj»~~ij new styles, at w #i . '
Wfe s^-ri^S 'tcr-^.^E:-.:^; "«^- ;^^k;7 Cigars, \u25a0 $3.50 worth for $2.43 7Bo
!fc' Ulw/J 2i<e cictur--specia' The GaCfl." . ... B. E. L. Vdynch O tV M Off*> ' Our Ji.oo nxi + Bromide En'.rgementa are* $1.OO
'I XWVy 'ortheweek. P _ -".«.. *. . n" R ( r v" l) ","V 8 f OF 25 Cm permanent artntc P :c u,e ? , that cannot be ex- g
W c -^h^ "^^^^^^ jlvssss*.- :
J Ami « hi vV?,' to? and front, two ttr; P s 01 end aai back, fancy "The Road to Pa V B- R. N. Stepheni ' i " ' ' not be equaVd ,«r the pri.e. Bat will now fi=*»>S»>« > . -
Jf ;^q7.«o°5^ s .«» *SWM mm UHi , : : \u25a0 4 Bargain In . ' SSX^S^S^'r' J *.
S E«'"Sf-lC.p>, imdeo, ch.,« foil ikin., „„. fi , e lilcl . .. ..By S'.n.v I. We-ii.n '•"•! *>» ''"•III _^Jt-**!-^ • GOlf aKIfting. \u25a0 . : . _— __ j . . .
g SSw-Mfm^KWi!*: SXcfci- J «r h . ««" 1 »>:f4.5O. Sp.ci.l-Mj,'.,, ••Y.irVXprif.\;.......B,E,1r ; .»C..U. f«l w«f,ht ; J... |fc/^TT :^>^ W, .*, t>m»». .»«!», lot of h».,:«!,tt ' Stationery.' ]
$ Z, ZZrJZ l'VhH"E- U °"\ \u25a0\u25a0;•\u25a0; l- ••.•,«•«« "Th. L,,,dl.,l .1 Uon> Hoi"....;.... .h«<t.in,lortk»Wfes=—^/ Cim .,., H ,i, Skktlnji .but 4 =o y.rd,. SOSOial MOTldaV.
| Extra Special!. .--.^.. S -' I ;S3 Siiiil^^^
£ while l-t lasts at jWncb, regularly $6.50. Special M.in^ay, "Market P. e" , ..By H.rod Frederic i8«.8 . . . . . 26O • " i*xa*-. . :. . tftO : ".T^? C J? "i" " O — ; Pap " :' •" B3 °
ft $65J, 97.60 «nd only .........,...$3 20 "P.>l ip "Winwjcd" ...... By R. N. Stephens aoxao .A... 3IO - a6xa6. .....4JO ' .A OUIt lOT.fy 40.^ . .' , : '»»S 'JSnwrupes (isSM) toma:ch ..» 5^By Blanche.Partington.
MUSICAL WORLD
TURNS ITS ATTENTION TO
LITTLE FOLKS.
ACTOR WHOSE COMEDY IS
THIS WEEKS ATTRACTION
AT THEATERS.
Municipal politics in New York has reachedv the point where the Tammany orators refer^to :
Seth Low as "a poor, uneducated; and unsophisticated young raah,^ ;
If the story be true that the Missourians made ; . $77,000,060 last year out of poultry, St
Lquis had better turn that exposition of hers into a chicken show and teach the rest of the coun
try how to do it. . i \ ' \ ' ' - -
1 In St. Louis a few days ago fifty factory girls went on a strike and within three days there
after upward of 600 girls applied for their, places. , It is scarcely necessary to add that the
strike didn't hii where it was intended. V . • , f| ;
What are alleged to be "carefully compiled statistics" shew that 9000 people went to Nome
this summer and about 10,200 are expected ;to come away," and while the figures' 1 do hot reveal
any signs of an encouraging growth in the community they undoubtedly give it.the reputation of
a lively tourist resort. .. •. . «. \u25a0
Since it appears, that the Turkish authorities object to the bandits who abducted Miss Stone
receiving the ransom money on Turkish soil because that would make Turkey responsible for
the crime, and the Bulgarians on similar grounds object to the ransom" being paid on Bul
garian territory, perhaps the best way would be to invite the bandits to come to Omaha to
collect the money. \u25a0 ,
BRITISH correspondents who witnessed the military maneuvers with which the French
entertained the Czar on his recent visit, and also the annual maneuvers of the Ger
man army, report that the military authorities of neither nation appear to have learned
anything from the lessons taught by the experience of the British in the Transvaal. It
is said that both the French and the Germans continue to make attacks on fortified positions in
close formation, and send their artillery' so near to the enemy's line that the, gunners could be shot
down by sharpshooters as fast as they could take their places at the guns.
It is, of course, probable that some allowance must be made for the fact that the German
and the French generals conducted the maneuvers largely" for the purpose of spectacular effect.
Such was certainly the case in the sham battle prepared for the Czar. If those same generals were
charged with the responsibility of ordering. an attack in real war it is not likely they would mass
their troops as they did in the maneuvers. Still the incidents serve to show how difficult it is for
disciplined men to learn new tricks. The armies of Germany and France have been taught and
trained to rely upon certain tactics, and it would seem they are not going to find it easy to adopt
the new style of fighting which the Boers have forced upon the British.
The London Mail in commenting upon the exhibition made at the maneuvers savs: "No
doubt France and Germany have millions of men to sacrifice, and can throw away thousands where
we should shrink from losing hundreds. But what sort of effect will Magersfonteins on a stupend
ous scale have upon the shuddering rank and file? -When the bullets come in literal streaks of
hissing lead, what power of man can win through them? The Highlanders were superb
troops, bravely led, confessed by even the Boers to be the bravest of the brave. Yet they re
coiled. Will the short-service levies of , Europe be steadier when they see whole companies fall
ing in swaths before the scythe of death?"
The subject is an interesting one. It has been the theory that' fortified positions could
not be taken by widely scattered attack; that something in the way of a mighty mass is neces
sary to carry entrenched lines. The military authorities of the Continent 'evidently continue
to hold to that theory, and nothing but the experience of real war will convince them of the folly
of such attacks under the present, conditions. The lesson, therefore, for which Great Britain is
paying so great a price may be of no value to any but herself.
WAR LESSONS UNHEEDED.
The first' concert of the Mlnettl series of
chamber music concerts was given last
week in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium to a
not .large but .musically representative
audience. .The Quartet,. is may be re
membered, consists of Olullo Mlnettl, first
.yloMn; * Samuel i Savannah,- ncond > violin;
I l.^ jfewatfi^rtota,: ; »nd
THE debut of a young girl on the
operatic stage Is always a more or
less painful and nervous affair.
That of Miss Barnetta Mueller,
who made her first appearance at the
Tlvoll on Wednesday night last as Kedda
In "I Pagllaccl," was no exception to the
rule. The singer Is n graceful and pretty
girl, modest and unassuming. Her voice,
though light. Is sweet and pleasing, but
If she were to be Judged by her work on
Wednesday evening It would militate
against her. That, however, cannot fair
ly be done, for Miss Mueller was in a
state of nervous collapse that all but pre
vented her from singing her part and al
most wholly disguised whatever powers
she may be possessed of. The part of
Netlda, with Its strong dramatic impulse,
seems to me hardly to have been well
cbceen for Miss Mueller's debut, either
from a vocal or dramatic standpoint. Her
voice Is of the lyric order to begin with.
She was completely overweighted vocally,
losing much in her Inexperience by sins
ing Into the wings. She looks the part
quite prettily and Is tactful In gesture
and movement, but her debut in such a
role at the present stage of her attain
ment—as it could be surmised the other
evening-seems Ill-advised and aan be pro
ductive of nothing but discouragement for
the singer.'
'The Tlvoll is to the fore with a good
deal of news this week,, what with the
story of Its new hqme of the future, which
l:« still very much In the air. and operatic
r,«ws generally. This week - Is I the last
but one of the year's grand opera season
and will be signalized by an elaborate
production of "La Boheme," given. here
for the first time by the Tlvoli people.
There will be settings and. costumes mod
eled after those of the La'Scala produc
tion in Milan -and the best cast the Tlvoll
can give to the opera, including Agostlnt
as Rudolph; Montanarl as Mlml and Dado
as Colllne. The alternate bill will be
"Norma," In which, Barbareschl and Pol
lettlni are so well heard, and Signor Ave
dsno will also make his -first appearance
of the season this- week. On the 28 th a
testimonial performance to Mr. Stelndorff,
who has done such excellent work with the
operas, will be given and will doubtless
call out a large crowd. The last week
will see a revival of "Carmen," and then
it Is to take leave for a year of these
good people who have served our pleasure
and profit so faithfully for twelve lone
weeks. Some of them we shall not see
again, but all will be remembered grate
fully as worthy artists and as partners in
the best season the Tlvoll has so far given
us. ' .The company will go down south, un
der Mr. Leahy's direction, for a two
weeks' tour after the Tlvoll season. is
over, and then the little opera-house will
have the unusual experience of being oc
cupied by a foreign opera company for
four week*. : . .
The Pollard Australian ' Juvenile Opera
Company is the t organisation that will
have this unwonted honor and the priv
ilege, be It understood to the honor of the
Tlvoli management, is more than a little
In the nature of a welcome to "the stran
ger in a : strange land." The clever
youngsters of the company, who came In
from Honolulu this week, . are suffering
from climate, and the season of matinees
that was contemplated at the Grand Op
era-house has therefore been abandoned.
November 4 , is the date of their appear
ance at the Tivoll. -_ . .
Under the title of "Unfair Tactics
Against Mrs. Flske" the Chicago Tribune
of October 8 has the following significant
paragraph:
It is apparent that *v«»ry effort In being made
by the New York fo»» of Mm. Flake to In
jure her. A few day* ago trlearaphlc dis
patches were rent over tb«? country from New
York saying that "Mm. Fl*k* would make no
fight against the unanimous %'erdlct of failure."
but would withdraw "Miranda of the Balcony"
at once.
The verdict In the first place was not one
of failure except In th» cases of one or two'
envenomed reviewers, and In th» second place
emphatic denial of any Intention of withdraw
ing the play «a« made lnriantly by Harrison
Grey Fl*ke. who declared that the piece waa
doing a «»tlf factory bunlnes* and wr.uM run
for weeks, to come. Before Mm. Flike'a »»aaon
opened nhe announced that she would present
at leant two play* b»fore she left New York,
and It la evident that some hint of the Identity
of the a»eon<1 play was the excuse which a#rvej
for the purposely misleading statement given
to th* cubllc by the unfair opponents of the
actress.
This la the wamlag which cornea privately
i from a reliable and unprejudiced source In
New York: ;
"Don't believe what you hear of Mrs. Flske's
failure. They are trying to down her. It's
the most artlftlc play of the f - 9f0 n. though It
probably will not be a great money-maker.
The- whole thing Is Individual and charming,
and Mrs. Fl*ke has rreat moments. Her
I theater, too. Is beautiful and restful."
\u25a0 • •
Miss' Charlotte Thompson, the Callfor
nian playwright, has sold her first play
"A* Suit of Sable." to Grace George, who
will bring it out In New York October It
at the Theater Republic under th« new
title of "The Bmart Set." Miss Thomp
son's play was first produced at the Alca
zar by Miss Florence Roberts nnd made
a quite favorable impression here. Her
later play, "Silver Mounted Harness," did
not fulfill the promise of the first.
Householder— Do you mean to say that'
this meter measures the amount of gas
we burn?
Gas Collector-I will enter Into no con
troversy, eir; but I will say that the me
ter measures the amount of gas you will
have to pay for.— Tit-Bltn.
The King and Qu*en of Routnar.la, hav* begun
a most praleeworthy work. In »vfry province
in the kingdom a th»a:«*r Is to be erected. Riv
ing the peasants the opportunity of »«»!r.K a
rood play at least twice a w«k. The flmt
theater will be erectrd and conducted at the
expense of the crown. The other theaters,'
which will be used principally for trarelln*
companies, will be maintained partly by the
crown and partly by private subscription.
are things that can be said for benighted
Roumanla also. Witness the following
1 Item from the Berlin correspondence of
1 Mr. Flske's good paper, the Dramatic
Mirror:
• a •
Signor Creatore, director of the Royal
Italian band. Is a new thing In conductors
here. Our own Sousa has hitherto held
first place in point of plcturesqueness in
the affections of band lovers, but a
greater than he has arisen and the Amer
ican conductor must now take a back
seat. Creatore has it In hair to begin
with, and the wise well know the power
of the well-adorned in this regard from
Samson — who suffered at the hatrifl^ of
the first lady barber on record— down to
Paderewskl. He has it again In the ex
' tent and eccentricity of his gymnastic re
pertoire. Where Sousa may be absolutely
depended upon to coax a particular mel
ody from his cornets with the same par
ticular caress at every performance.
Creatore under the same circumstances
may be found upon his heels to be sure—
when he is not poised upon his enthusi
astic toes— but It is never safe to wagar
where , the rest of him will be. It will,
however, be found where it will be o*
most use. for Creatore, though the most
dramatic of conductors, la not In the
smallest degree theatrical. It is Impossi
ble to doubt his sincerity even in Ms most
tumultuous moments, when with locks
and arms flying he leads his band up to,
one of their splendid climaxes. Nelthea
is it possible to doubt Signor Creatore'?
enthusiasm nor musicianly qualities. He
has done excellent work with the. band In
the one short year of his leadership. Nat
urally It has not yet attained quite the
marvelous precision of Sousa' a organiza
tion. Its magic certainty of rhythm, its
wonderful swing and balance, but it comes
so near that It may prove in the not dis
tant.future a formidable rival to the older
band.
The peculiar composition of the Royal
Italian band, .with Its large wood wind
force; enables it to get effects that are
not possible to the ordinary brass band,
and in their repertoire this fact has been
taken fullest advantage of. Whole acts
of the standard operas are given with con
siderable beauty of effect for the most
part, and such arrangements as the
•Tannhauser" overture are brilliantly
successful, the wood wind telling' with
splendid effect. Creatore has done much
of the arranging and his work shows
strong musical feeling and an ingenuity
and originality that amount to true
genius. There Is sometimes * slight ten
dency* to the unduly sentimental in his
Interpretation, an occasional crudity to be
observed, but on the whole bia methods
" are thoroughly healthful, -brilliantly en
thusiastic and highly conscientious. The
fifty musicians in Creatore's band are all
picked men. and it is easy to prophesy
for such man and such a leader a lasting
and worthy success. To-night will be
given the final programme of the engage
ment at popular prices. The programme
follows:
March. "Royal Purple 1 ' (Creator*); orerture.
"William Tell" <Ros»tnl); harp solo. ielecteJ.
Miss Helntsen: prelude, act I. "Lohengrin"
(Wagner); "Carman" <Blx«t); boys' chorus. Bo
hemian aonc. pr*lud* and final*, act IV, march
No. 11 (Menctnl); duet, "Cavallerla Rustlcana"
(Mancagnl); soprano »olo (Creatore). Mnit.
Barlll; "American Fantasle'" (Victor Herbert)
• • •
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard. who will be heard
In concert for the first time on Tuesday
evening next since her recent sojourn in
the East, has provided an unusually inter,
eating programme. It Is two years since
Mrs. Blanchard went away, and much is
expected from her on Tuesday evening
SJiVSES?^ wt " tak * pIace at Sherman &
The most successful nation la determi
nation/ . ...
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
CaL Place fruit 60c per lb at Townsend' 3.*.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c. a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baa.'
kets. A" nice present for Eastern rrttnds.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building**
Special information .supplied daily to
business houses » and public s men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
'.fVO^^y.TUephoiwaU^lMt, . • .
'cello. All the players were In good form
and the programme was heartily enjoyed.
The concerts this year are entirely on a
subscription basis and will be given onc»
a n.onth. Tickets for outsiders may be
obtained through subscribers. '
GIFTED CONTRALTO WHO -WILL
BE HEARD IN CONCERT NEXT
TUESDAY EVENING.
EVERT time I have heard and Been
Grace Dudley — not seldom, for I an
of the devout— the consciousness of
her likeness to some forgotten
charmer has possessed me to my
considerable distraction. This week the
subliminal xnJnd— that Mrs. Piper tells
elsewhere in these columns all she does
not know about— has supplied the defi
ciency, and the dainty little lady is placed
where she belongs.' There Is a Grimm
Jairy story, as every one knows, about a
good little girl who was rewarded for her
many virtues by having her vocabulary
coined into gold pieces as it fell from her
rosy lips, while for her sins her wicked
etep-sister talked toads whenever she had
a mind to open her mouth. Naturally,
Miss Dudley does not remind one of the
latter small eicner. nor entirely of the
girl, but her clipped, hard, in
cisive enunciation does pussest that If her
words took tangible shape she would soon
be up to her knees In— say diamonds.
Certainly every word Miss Dudley sings
or speaks can be heard by every one in
the house. Ud fortunately, her voice Is
bad. badly produced that Is, and she
easps 'or breath in a painful fashion, but
by her clear enunciation. Quick wit and
lively Intelligence Miss Dudley makes her
work amply acceptable to her audiences.
60 grateful are they for Bimply hearing j
what is said or sung effectively, without
any reference to the beauty of the voice.
I saw a blind man *ro Into the Grand
Opera-bouse last Monday night to hear
The Little Minister." and wondered,
what he would get out of it. The week
before there would have b*en the beauti
ful diction of loseph Haworth In his fine
Hamlet and the noble lines of the trag
edy Itself delivered with more or less
clearness by the rest of the players. It
eeejns to me that "The LJttle Minister."
with Its mixed and muddled first two
act? 1 , home-made Scotch dialect and un
careful enunciation generally, must have
been absolutely unintelligible a* a whole
to th« blind listener. Her»ch«>l Mayall.
the little, minister, would be heard, and
pleasantly, for his voice is a very good
one and he ie. luckily, not expected to
Scottlsise bis lines. Miss Hall, the wln-
Eon« Lady Babble, also has a pleasing
voice, sympathetic, clear and penetrating,
but she frequently speaks too fast and
then becomes unintelligible. I happened
to hear her again In th*s name thing at i
the. managers* benefit from th« back' of
the house, and was surprised at the ear
ning power of her voice. Mr. Bernard,
whose cockneylsm happens not to offend
In the role of the English captain, Halli
well, can also always be clearly under
stood, and less clearly Gilbert Gardner
and Burr Carruth. but the rest of the
company lacks sadly on this side. I am
persuaded that my blind man, without
eyes to help out the sense, got very little
from the play, less than the little there is,
but be may rest assured of the sympa
thy of tb« seeing auditors, who did not
get all that was coming to them either.
• • •
I beard some more elocution on Friday
right last by Mrs. Louise Humphrey-
Emlth, who teaches "elocution— revelation
of personality through vocal and pan
tomimic expression, harmonic gymnastics,
principles of art, dramatic training. Inter
pretation of literature and preparation for
parlor, platform and stage." Mrs. Smith
grave a reading of "Paolo and Francesca,"
Stephen Phillips' lovely drama, at Cen
tury Hall. Mrs. Smith is a reader of more
than usual attainment, with sympathy
&nd understanding of her subject, but her
readings are not always Impeccable from
the elocutionary standpoint. Misplaced
emphases were not uncommon, and even
mispronunciations— among which I noted
••legend," pronounced "lecjend." against
present day good usage; "woe" pronounced
almost like "wow"; "tumult" with more
• ttan a suggestion of "too" on the first
pyllable: "Pesaro" with a. short "e" In
stead of a long "a" sound on the first syl
lable, and others of like kind. Neither do
I like the colloquial reading of the
maid's part in the drama. The atmos
phere Is eompletely lost thereby. Fran
ceses'* dreamlngs sound almost ridiculous
by contrast. Nevertheless, on the whole,
Mrs. Smith's reading Is well above the
average, her voice in well used and- the
various parts in the drama are clearly
characterized.
• • /- "•' -
Stuart Robson, with a very good com
pany, in Bronson Howard's -comedy, "The
Henrietta." is the chief attraction at the
theaters this week. Robson's Bertie the
Lamb is said to be of the best.
• • • -v
America Is the land of the free and the
bom* of.jhe brave, of course, Jtat there
It is therefore in the interest of the whole community that' we have warned the city that the
man who is elected Mayor must represent the whole community, and. not a fraction of it. The
future of San Francisco is so involved in the result that labor, which expects to rise in independ
ence in that future cannot afford to spoil its opportunity, and business that looks forward to
permanent prosperity has exactly the same interest.
We are aware that the helpful hope that inspires all American affairs can accomplish much
under a handicap of political and governmental conditions, but how much greater its achieve
ments when not handicapped at all!
We want San Francisco to be in the race for primacy without handicap upon her back or
hurdle in her way. The present duty is to secure an executive head of the city who will justly
consider and protect all rights, and not stand for a class against the whole community. .To this
end we have advised that citizens pool their votes for the head of one of the regular tickets, and
as a result of that advice the disposition, to do so has deepened into a conviction that it offers the
only means of preserving the city from confusion, loss and distress.
Unmindful of his duty 10 the whole city, the head of the so-called Republican ticket has per
sistently put himself in a position that is repulsive to the independent voter. He has forgotten that
the great principles of the party are not inMssuc in a municipal election. When 'those princi
ples are involved in a general election the city votes one way. and when only local administration
is at stake it votes independently and without regard to party names. It will so vote at the
coming election and it is our present conviction, reached after a careful study of public sentiment
and of the public needs, that it will not cast its majority, nor its. plurality, for the head of the so
called Republican ticket. For this he and his convention are to blame; the fault is at their door,
not ours. ...
In the present condition*.- the election of the head of the Democratic ticket appears to the
greatest number of independent men as a necessity, required by the public interests. This," not
because of his party affiliations, but because circumstances have caused him to become the best
assurance and safeguard of public order and progress. He has seemed to clearly realize this
himself, and has risen out of mere partisanship into the higher air of the public welfare.
As far as Republican party interests are concerned, they have already been sacrificed. The
party was laid on the operating table by the convention that bore its name, and was made the
subject of vivisection, and its morals and its brains were taken oift and thrown into the slop
bucket. When its consciousness was restored it was a walking cadaver with the name "Re
publican" pasted on a forehead behind which was an empty skull. Men who are Republicans on
principle were repulsed by the exhibition, and have no other desire than to prove that their alle
giance does not belong to this effigy.
Had another course been pursued 'and a ticket nominated that commanded the respect of the
people, party allegiance would have sat as lightly upon intelligent Democrats, and they would
have sought the city's safety and prosperity through independent action at the polls.
Republicans arc now convinced that the party will suffer less by the defeat than by the
victory of the so-called Republican ticket, as far as regards its head and its candidates for Super
visors, and the whole city will vote so discriminatingly as" to teach* the traders in artifice and
chicane that the day is gone by when unfit men can hope to be carried into office upon the
shoulders of a few good and proper candidates. The latter class will feel themselves relieved of
serving as beasts of burden to carry such an offensive load, and the people will purify city politics
of the future in proportion as they 'pick a successful ticket from all the nominations regardless
of the party name.
No such crisis has been presented in recent years and we have confidence that its impressive
importance will be felt by all voters, and* that a majority of them will vindicate the honor of San
Francisco. " 1
» . \u25a0 ' .-.\u25a0-\u25a0*.\u25a0
WE have sufficiently warned the people of this city of the danger that lies in the
of a class ticket. That danger threatens a«l, and not one portion.of our people
pnly. The mistaken men who enlarge the benefit to them of such a result will suffer
the first and the longest. The social state is like water through which a solid body can
be moved gently with little resistance. But slap it flat upon the surface and it ' is unyielding as
brass. The class aspiration is the slap direct, and the instrument used will suffer/from the
impact. .'<•. "'•».-' - " '" \ -
WHO CAN BE MAYOR?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ OCTOBER 20, 1901,
By Guisard.
GRACE DUDLEY'S
WIT ATONES FOR A BADLY
PRODUCED VOICE.
THE SAN|TRANCISeO GALL
"^^^^^ >~»~^~^- > -^-r'--'-- 1 -- 1 : ~~i~. r> <^*'*v,:::'.' i :.'!T. i .->'ri">' — >«~- r ~'~ r ~<.y r ~^.. — *•*-.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ,.> Address Communications to W. S. "LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ..' .v....v:....i..;.... ; . ;....; .;.......:....<.......;...:..... OCTOBER 20, 1901
— . — - . YniruM^^ """"" " i ~ :
Publication Office <BlftlfflP>» .....Market and Third, S. F.
18
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SAN FBANCTSCO PHYSICIAN
Uses He rpicide Successfully in Treat-
ing Sycosig of the Beard.
H« says: "I recently treated a case of
sycoBiis (similar to 'barber's itch') of the
lower lip with Newbro's Hcrpldde. There
was an extensive loss of beard,' with In-
flammation extending well down on the
•chin. The re«ult of the application of
Herplcide was most gratifying. The loss
of beard cea»cd and a new growth of hair
in now taking place over the once Inflam-
ed area.
"(Signed.) Melville E. O'Neill, M. D.,
«. . ~". 845 Howard street.
"San Francisco, Cal."
Hnrpicide kills the dandruff germ -and
.causes the hair. to crow abundantly, , ,
"jV; •' ;.; • " \u25a0 _ " ' ' -. '. ." • ,.. "• Unable to find < the proper tools with
which to bore holes through. an Iron bar,
an operation made necessary by a break
down at sea, a marine engineer marked
the spots to be bored with chalk and then
flred a 80-callber bullet through each from
During the session of the Grand Lodge
of the Independent Order of Good Tem
81am, which closed last week In Vallejo.
Irs. E. M. North, a well known teacher
in the Ban Francisco School Department,
was elected) right worthy grand repre
sentative to4he session of Good Templars
to be held i In Stockholm. . '.^ytv.- ,:,. • ; -i • ,. \u25a0>
Good Templara.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Oct. 19 -Christian
Wahl, one of the wealthiest citizens of
Milwaukee and well known throughout
the West, dropped dead to-night : after
alighting from a street car near his home.
Mr. Wahl was 72 vears old. .
Christian Wahl.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. W.-TJIeton, the
noted financier, is dead. He started many
banks, railways and industrial companies,
among them being the United Steamship
Company and the Northern Telegraph
Company, whose lines extend across Asia.
TJleton.
On the night of the 4th Inst. Deputy R.
F. Wells organized Camp Bear Mountain
of the Woodmen of the World at San An
dreas with twenty-six charter members.
W. J.' Burns was Installed ns the consul
commander and O. Pfortner as clerk.
California Camp at its meeting on the
7th .inst. conferred the full degree, with
the California degree added, in the pres
ence of about Blxty members of Forest
Camp of Oakland and a number of visit
ors from the camps in this city. After the
work, given In true California style, which
was favorably commented, on by the
neighbors from across the bay, there
were addresses by Organizer Mer ton C.
Allen and Clerk D. Oliver Jr. of i Golden
Gate Camp. ' - • I
Woodmen of the World.
NEW *TORK, Oct. W.-Dr. A. A. Mc-
Cain, an. army surgeon who came here
October 3 from Cuba, where he had been
stationed for some time, was found dead
to-day in his room at the Broadway Cen
tral Hotel. An autopsy has been ordered
to ascertain the cause of death.
Pr. A. A. McCain.
ROME, N. Y., Oct. 19.— George P. Nock,
special City Judge of Oneida, died to
day, aged 47 years, from heart trouble.
Judge Nock achieved a national reputa
tion In the defense at Bloux City of Plen
ty Horses, a Brule Indian, charged with
killing Lieutenant Casey, commanding a
troop of United States Cheyenne Indian
scouts. The Indian was acquitted. .
George P. Nock.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 19.-W!lllam H. How
ard died at his home in this city this
morning after a long Illness of Bright'*
disease. Mr. Howard was a pioneer of
this section, having made it his home for
nearly forty years. H« was one of the
founders of the town and was possessed
of an estate of 2000 acres In and around
San Mateo. He was a son of W. D. M.
Howard, one cf the original owners of
the San Mateo grant, nnd was a native
of California. He was 52 years old.
William H. Howard.
THE DAY'S DEAb.
Manila, is to have an American flre de
partment. It win be under an American
cfci?f. and the station? will be commanded
by American captains. The lieutenants
and flromen will be natives. The appar
atus will be American.
Entomologists declare that the sugar
can*,has 227 varieties of insect enemies.
Tbe new Theatre Francals in Paris cov
ers threw acres of ground and Is the larg
• s>t, in the world.
(V* Schmidt, Harrison J Smith. I'asi nobles
Gulch \V Harbin. London
Ulf* AuKllus. Or C L Kenworthy & w.
It Prteraon. Petaluma Chicago
U s-"an>l!<iK«» tk w. Colo R Campbell. Seattle
N J Pound*. Salt Lake K A York. Hutchlnson
W Pounds & w.Utah MIm K Humphreys,
A Uatrs A w. Salt Lk Mexico
J Llppy. Nome Mlm H Swank. Mo
I r> Hurji, NT J H Owens. Pomona
B L Crane. Nome H W Colebrook. Cal
U II Oxby. L An*
PALACE HOTEL,
H F Curran. Stanford H L Younger, Stanford
H W Mortenaon. Stnfd F Ford. Stanford
J \V Moore, Phlla. P K Kunk. Stanford
O Oale^ NT 8 L Levy. N Y
T O Thompson 4 w, C A Herbert Aw. Ol
Spokane Mrs J B Carey. Kan
H W Paull. W Va. C W Carey, w A ch.
D S ftrant. Stanford Wichita, Kan
C J L Lantry. Strong- Mra C D Henl*. Cal
City . J Kemphaus. Mich
C I Sprllman. Kn City Mr Oster, Paris
A Holattn A w, L An* W Bayly. Stanford
Ml*s 1. S'olann, I. Auk Mrs L Spear. Loulsvll
\u25a0 Ml«s N'lKon, I, Ang J O Carey. Chicago
R nabcock. NY C P McColm. N Y
Mm Kmlly Karl, L An It I> Kvans. U8N
II Hugues A w, Duw- \v o Everett, Ind
son H A Hoffman. Denver
Delia Nldlng. Daw •on O Moor*. Denver
W R Ramadell. Cal F Schlona. N T
C P White A w. V'jLih M I McLeod, Paaadaiift
FT J Darnes. Conn A 1) McDougall, Wls
K i! Eager. Toledo J Olniwood. N Y
F \V Cuahman A w. J n Sharpe. NY
Tacoma A H Campbell. N Y
W Bulll A w. Nap* .1 D Derby. Chicago
C F Peekhiim. N Y W C Gregg. Carters
(S V Lowry, Stanford L Stuart A w. London
P Kuckey, Stanford U S FUher, Stanford
ORAND HOTKL.
A C Presley, IUclne L R Prince, Boston
II A Dodge. Los Ang A M Burns, Vancouver
L W Winters. Portrvle T Bhortell, N Y
J D Blddle, Hanfonl Opt C O Johnston.
W R Heali. Redding Victoria, B C
O Otlllni. Toronto, Can Mrs C R Heath. VaJIJo
Ml»s Ollllns, Toronto.C Ml»* M L Heath. Valjo
C E Spencer A w, 1'a C II Poole, Boston
Kllsa. M Belcher. Pa Mrs L Mackeford. Cal
J A Miller, Stanford D O Kin*. S I* ObUpo
W L Barr, Stanford J R Trogloan. Amador
R 8 Carter, Stanford M Renner A w. Yreka
M H Spragu*, Stanford D J North, San Jose
A B Rom, Stanford P Cox Jr. Berkeley
R ii Burnt. Los Ang Alas Vasboosky, 8 Jse
J L Oltlettu A dau, H O Carroll A w, L A
La Grand* MattU B Whltt, Chlco
Mrs J D Heard, Or OF Morrow, St Louis
A II MacFaxland, Cal F Robertson, N T
\V 8 MacFarland. Ol H O Powers A w \u25a0 Cal
Mra K T Russell, 8 Jse A Shlrei A w, B Diego
j T Walso, Phoenix Mlis M Shires, S Diego
A Morris, Santa Rosa, a B Turner, Qutncy.IU
R Renting*. Palo Alto O M Pausch, Mich
O L Bllvalt, Texas \u25a0 Mr* M Lersey A dan.
Mini* F Cheatwood. la
Mrs R T Watts, la B F Suan, N T
\V Layson, Alvarado . J Tnrbert, Spokuit
K L Van.Clerch A w, B J Moore. San Jose
Santa Crus • - II H Chandler. Stnford
Ii II Vv>i«»««nflorfAdau. L. M Bate*. Kan City
Santa Crui H B Follmer, Phlla •
p B Lamb, Stanford w T Tinning A w, Ol
S X* Taylor, Stanford Mrs M B Clifton, Arts
W B Ambrose. Lockfrd n A Savage, Helena
H Wtiltney. Placervllle O May. Chicago .
R F Crowell, Stanford D C Collier Jr., 8 Diego
W II Evans. Stanford Dr J L llellly, Chicago
R D Malcham. Minn V. Rellly. Wla
8 IV Kenny, Los Ang Walter Everett, L A
L N RohnAw. Salt Lke J M Nealand. LA
W T Jacobaen Aw, B F Wetlierly. Boston
Portland H L Morrison, Stntord
J M Brooks. Idaho L P Haunbach. Stnford
Mra 8 O Byson. Mich O A Berry, St Loula
Mrs l/M Blmpaon.Mlcl R B Johnson, Frtmo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Gennanla Lodge of. the Knights of
Honor has arranged for an entertainment
for Its members In Its hall on the night
of the ~d Inst.
Norman Lodge If. arranging for an en
tertainment to be given some time in No
vember. The date ha* not yet been fixed.
At the sessjon of Yerba liuena Lodge
on the 14th Inst. the member* were well
entertained by the members of Company
B. A feature of the entertainment was
ii flute duet by Messrs. Harris »nd Gollan.
Knights of Honor.
The work of rescue was quickly accom
plished. McNeil and Owens were picked
up by nnn beat and Frost and Johnson by
'he other. The men, dr^nrhed and aj
most suffocBtod. were drngged on' deck.
Thty were toKtn to Bansallto.
Yesterday afternoon Captain McNeil,
who owns the launch. left tbls city to
take a party from Sausalito to Tiburon.
Accompanying the captain was Andy
Frost, an employe. About 9 o'clock Sam
Owens and Charles Johnson were taken
aboard at Sausullto and the four started
In the direction of Tiburon. A heavy fog
hung over the bay when the start was
made. As the vessel progressed on Its
way the mist became so dense tlm ob
jects could be seen but a few feet uhead.
The captain depended solely on his com
pass, lie mad? his way cautiously and
no incident occurred until the boat had
been out about twenty minutes. The puf
fing of the gasoline engine prevented
those aboard ,'ium hearing the approach
of the ferry-boat. "Without warning a
faint light loomed up In the fog. It trav
eled swiftly, nnd soon the Indistinct form
of the Sausalito came Into view. The
launch was then but a few boat lengths
away from the big vessel's course.
Captain McNeil saw that a collision
could not be prevented. lie immcdlately
reversed his engines and threw his wheel
to the left. Frost. Owens and Johnson
were In the cabin of the launch and knew
nothing of the danger until they were
warned by the shouting of the captain.
The trio had Just time to scramble to
the deck when the crash came. The ferry
boat struck the launch near the bow and
overturned her in an instant. McNeil,
his helper and the two passengers were
tossed into the water, tut fortunately
were not injured.
The captain of the Sausalito saw tho
launch only a moment before the bow of
his vessel struck her. He immediately
stopped and sounded the alarm for "man
overboard." Two boats were lowered
quickly. The ferry-boat had advanced
some distance before Its boats could be
ret in the water and the llfesavers, find
ing themselves enveloped in fog. were
guided only by the cries of the men In
the water.
While steamlur along In a heavy fog
the ferry-boat Sausalito ran into and cap
sized a launch containing four people near
Angol Island List nisht. The launch Is
supposed to have been sunk. Its passen
gers *erc rescued afttr several minutes
of hard work ou the part of the ferry
boat's crew.
Last Thursday You received an anony
mous letter, containing the information
that his ltfe had been declared forfeited
for betraying the slave *lrl to the Federal
officers and apprising him that his store
\u25a0would be blown up at midnight Friday.
Thinking that the letter was a Joke, the
Chinaman tore it up and allowed the mat
ter to pass from his memory.
True to their threat, three highbinders
a few minutes before 12 o'clock Friday
night placed a can of giant powder, to
which was attached a fuse, against the
sid«- of the store and then applied a match
to it. In an Instant there was a loud ex
plosion, followed by the screams of the
rr .en who were In the store at the time.
You was In the roar of the place, drink
ing a cup of tea. With a cry of terror he
ran screaming from the place. He is sat
isfied that the men who sent him the
threatening letter were paid to do the Job.
Detective Ed Gibson, after a thorough
Investigation, is satisfied that the attempt
to blow up the merchandise store of
Wong Tou on Dupont street Friday night
*-as the work of highbinders who had
beer, hired to put him out of the way. A
short time ago You. who is considered a
power in the Chinese quarter, incurred
the enmity of several slave owners by In
forming the Federal authorities* of the
whereabouts of a girl who was being hell
in bondage by her owner. Acting on his
information, the. authorities traced the
Kirl to Sacramento, where she was ar
refted and subsequently brought to this
city. After a short trial she was ordered
sent bark to Chira.
In addition to the men already named
Edward Burke hr^ been selected a«< a di
rector and two other names have been
•urgested
" LOS ANGELES. Oct.' _>.—The~organixa
tion of a n<?w railroad company, which
will probably be v illed *- h «* California,
I'tah and Nevada. i« practically com
pleted. The men who are behind the prop
osition are C. A. Hopkins. George D.
Oook. F. \V. IXinn end others who con
trol the Searchlight mine In San Bernpr
dino County. They have taken steps^to
build a road not only from the mine to
the Colorado River, but to extend it to
xsar<i th«» Oregon Short Line. A traffic
arrangement has already been effected
m-ith the Santa Fe. pivlng the road access
to The Needles or Los Angeles. Already
more than O6.0QB worth of materials and
supplies have been purchased.
The mine is one at the best producers In
Southern California. The orlpinal inten
tion was to build seventeen mile? of road,
giving water communication by the river.
Thence an extension was authorized to
Ibex, on th*» Santa Fe. During last June
and July Judjre Root and F. W. Dunn, the
resident engineers, spent some time in
making surveys; from Searchlight toward
El Dorado Canyon, and thence northward
Into Nevada and Utah to St. George. This
section of the road. It Is authoritatively
given out. is to be undertaken at once.
From St. George to San Francisco Is only
a comparatively short distance and the
cap can easily be clos"*d.
£r*ci»! Dispatch to The Call.
Sausalito Crashes Into
Launch Off Angel
Island.
Wong You the Victim
of a Desperate
Ring.
Road to Run Prom San
Bernardino County
to Utah.
DID NOT HEED
THEIR WARNING
MINING MAGNATES
PLAN A RAILWAY
BOATS COLLIDE
IN HEAVY FOG
On the 12th inat. a new court of the
Ancient Order of Foresters organized by
I_ Dammasch. S. U King. M. D.; E. H.
A— isdeu. M. D. ; James Oilchrist. Charles
Konleabcrg. P. 8. Blilz and J. N. Grny
was instituted at Portland, Or. On tho
17th inst. another court was Instituted at
Pueblo, Colo.
High Chief Boehm arrived on Thursday
night from the north, having been sum
moned to return at once, on account of the
serious illness of his wife.
Court Bohemian will give a smoker to
Its members and friends on the 20th Inst.
Since the adjournment of the High Court
last May this order has Instituted thlrty
tive new courts. The Increase by initia
tion during that time has been about 2U00.
The committee in churge of the bazaar
that Is to be held in the Foresters* build
ing has assigned the several booths to
those who are to have charge of them
and the work of installation will soon
commence.
Eureka Circle had a very pleasant social
on the night of the 19th Inst. Bourne
mouth Circle has arranged for an even
ing at home on the ?Jth Inst. Justice Cir
cle, will have a social evening on the 9ih
of November.
Santa Amanda Circle at Its last held
meeting Initiated two strangers and re
ceived three applications. Bohemian Cir
cle, which has also been making a gain
In membership, has been obliged to securo
larger quarters In the Forester*' build
ing.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The natives for a time in their efforts
to parry suspicion spread the report that
the American had been the victim of a
cannibal feast, but there was no evidence
to support this rumor.
Wright at one time resided In the vicini
ty of Chicago. He appeared before the
United tSates Consul at Papeete. Tahiti,
in December, 1900, and declared under
oath that he was a citizen of the United
States. He requested a statement of his
declaration signed by the Vice Consul in
the absence of the Consul. He claimed
that the certificate of citizenship would
be of great value to him in dealing with
the French authorities In the Marquesas
Inlands.
The story which at present is being cir
culated among the natives is that Wright
was waylaid. The assault was carefully
planned and one of the natives, according
to the agreement, asked Wright for some
tobacco. While he was attempting to
draw it from his pocket he was struck on
the head with a heavy war club. After
he had been murdered his body was
weighted with stones and cast into the
sea.
Details of the Murder.
In securing the Chinese, the Consul did
not rest in his efforts. It Is not believed
that one man could have done the deed
alone, and it is supposed that the Chinese
had the assistance of several, and it is
even conjectured that a preconcerted plot
for the assassination of Wright was
hatched by the natives. As to the assist
ants of the Chinese, suspicion points
strongly to a chief and his two sons. It
appears that Wright once purloined a pig
to which the chief laid claim.
The report was started that Wright be
fore he started on his journey was Intox
icated. His road lay along a steep cliff,
and an attempt was made to arouse the
belief that he had fallen over the cliff
to his death. The United States Consul
refused to give credence to the story and
undertook an Investigation, which has
thus far furnished almost Incontrovert
ible evidence that the American was mur
dered. A Chinese who was a rival trader
ol Wright was found bearing suspicious
cuts and bruises and bloodstains upon his
blouse. The Chinese resided in the valley
through which Wright's pathway leu.
He has been arrested and taken to Pa
peete, where under an examination he
told various conflicting stories. His ex
planations of the stains tended to fasten
the suspicion of thu murder upon himself.
Did Not Fall Oft Cliff.
W. F. Doty, brother of^ tha United
States Consul In the Society Islands,
who arrived from the South Sea yester
day, tells a story' which seems to Indi
cate than an American named Wright has
been murdered by the natives on one of
the Marquesas Islands. An Investigation
has beenNinstituted by the United atates
Consul in conjunction with the French
Governor, Monsieur Petit. The evidence
thus far obtained Btrongly supports the
suspicion that Wright haa met with foul
play.
Wright was a trader In the Marquesas
Islanus. He had been there since De
cember, 19oo. He represented In his trad
ing 'ventures an American merchant
named Varney, who has his- headquar
ters at Attuwand on the Island of Hlvoa.
On the night on which the murder Is sup
pojed to nave been perpetrated Wrlgnt
started from one of the back valleys for
Attuwand. He carried with him a consid
erable sum of money, which unfortunately
he displayed to the natives. Wright
never reached his destination. Since tnat
night he has not been seen. His horse,
bridled and saddled, was subsequently
found grazing In the valley of Tehuco, a
considerable distance from Attuwand.
. J. Brass<\ the aged Italian murderer
who escaped from Watsonville last
Thursday, has been located in this city.
l,ast night he was seen in the Latin
quarter, looking for a friend. He was
recognized by an old acquaintance, who
lost no time in notifying the police. Sev
eral detectives were immediately sent to
arrest him, but after a lengthy search
they returned empty handed, Brasso hav
ing been warned. .Another effort will be
made to-day to arrest the much wanted
murderer.
Hrasso is wanted In Modesto for the
wanton killing of a fellow countryman.
After commuting the crime he went to
Watsonville. where he was arrested. At
the request of several frlonds he was not
locked up in prison but allowed to occupy
a room In a notrl. Two officers were de
tailed to watch him, but in some manner,
pretumably through the carelessness of
nls guards, he managed to escape by
dunning through an open window.
Ah Boon as his escape was (Uncovered a
search was made for him, but without
avail. Suspect Ing that Brusso would at
tempt to reach this city word vu sent
to Chief of Police Sullivan to be on the
lookout for him. Despite the fact that
every inco— itnar train was clopely
watched, Brnsna managed to elude the
detectives. After arriving here ho at
oncts wont to the Latin quarter, where he
evidently expected protection- against po
lice Interference.
Brasso Is about 65 years of age. live
feet two inches In height and has u gray
mustache. When seen last night he wore
blue overalls and a black Fedora hat.
but Escapes From
Prison. /
Arrested in Watson ville
Joseph Brasso Located
in the Latin
Quarter.
Evidence Strongly Supports
the Supposition of Foul
Play.
American Supposed to
Have Been Killed
by Natives.
POLICE SEEKING
AGED MURDERER
TALES OF SOUTH
SEA MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
19
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HQT WATER.
...OIL 5T0VES...
V BLUB FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
R8 SSoSI: 309 to 377 market Street.
San Francisco. #
REWARDED
VTtTB A CRO~TN OF SUCCESS.
_523s__52s3s)i5sIIEBpi«»*^
(Mayerle's Trademark.)
Tft* marvelous reputation which Vwhi
BlatMS have gained la due wholly to th* fjet
fhat!all who\*v* worn t»» e m acknowWji«
their superiority over other glasses and testify
In the hlghe«t terms to their wonderful sooth-
ing and strengthening qualities.
\u25a0 Hl«h«t U. 8. army, navy and Government
officials ar« using Mayerle's cUsses.
A Lesidlna German Editor of 8. F. 8sgraa
••Mr. Mayerle— Dea" 81r: Ths glasses you
made for my wife and me some Ume ago give
us perfect satisfaction, and are far superior to
those we have been weacln* for years before. I
heartily recommend your method of testing
andflttlng to all persons troubled with defects
5?ths«y?8. Tours truly. HAN8 DAMES,
oi we «j-». ##aty _ 41t^ r of th# y^-jb^^..
OEORQEMAYERLE,
THE GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Is ' also a graduate of the AMERICAN COL-
__5S OF OPHTHAUtOIiOOT and a charter
member of the American Association of Opti-
cian*, now located at • ., • . ;•
1071^ Market Street
(Opposite Hlbernla Bank). San Francisco, Cal.
Persons ordering claaaes by mail should state
their age; also whether, (lasses are wanted tor
resdlng or distance, or both; and what price. .
. consultation, examination and advice free.
Telephone South 671. Open Evenings Until >.
>> GERMAN EYEWATER SOc.
•-." \u25a0'. cut -this - : l - '
_»ffiVDEWEY,STRONG&C0_#gff^
•K' ii
W^Meil and^nien
SHOULD USB . DAMTANA BITTlHli. - TH~
great i Mexican , remedy; glvea i health . and
strength, to sexual organs. Depot, *a Market,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the Children;
To Keep Their Digestion Perfect
Nothing Is ho Safe and Pleas-
ont as 8tuart*s Dyspep-
sia Tablets.
Thousands of men and women have
found Stuarfi Dyspepsia Tablets the
Kaff."t and most reliable preparation for
any form of Indigestion or stomach trou-
ble. ,
Thounands of pennin who are not sick,
but are well and wish to keep well, take
Stuart's Tablets after every meal to In-
sure perfect digestion and avoid trouble.
But It Is not generally known that the
Tablets are just as good and wholesome
for little folks nn for their elders.
Little children who are pale, thin and
have no appetite, or do net grow or thrive,
should use tho tablets after eating and
will derive great benefit from them.
Mrs. O. H. Crotsley. 538 Washington
street, Hobok^n. New Jersey, writes:
"8tuort f s Dynpopsla Tablets Just fl.ll the
bill for children as well as for older folks.
I've had the best of luck with- them. My
3-year-old girl takes them as readily as
candy. I have only to say 'tablets' and
she drops everything elne and 'runs for
them." ' '\u25a0 ' \u25a0'\u25a0 I-
A Buffalo mother, a short time ago,
who despaired of the life of her babe,
was so delighted with the resulta from
giving the child ' these tablets that she
went before the notary public of Erie
County, N. Y.. and mads the following
affidavit: \u25a0 .. • . \u25a0• •
Gentlemen:— Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
were recommended to me for my I-
months'-old baby, which was sick and
puny, and the doctors said was suffering
from Indigestion. I took the child to the
hospital,- but there found no relief. A
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and X
procured a box from my druggist and
used only the large sweet lozenges In th«
box, and was delighted to find they were
Just the thin* for my baby. -I feel Justi-
fied In saying that Dyspepsia
Tablets saved -my child's life. . - <- \u25a0
MRS . W. T. DETHLOPB.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of April, 1897. ' , i \u25a0 ,
T . v HENRY KARI8.
Notary Public in and for Erie Co., N. T.
For babies, no I matter how i young;- or
delicate, the tablets will accomplish won-
ders in \u25a0 increasing flesh, appetite and
growth. .Use only the large sweet tab-
lets In every box. Full slsed boxes are
sold by all druggists for 60 cents, and no
parent should neglect the use of this safe
remedy tor all stomach and bowel trou-
bles if the child is ailing In any way re-
garding Its Tood or assimilation; . ;>:.
Btutrt's Dyspepsia Tablets have •; been
known for yeArs at the best preparation
for > all <j . stomach troubles, whether In
a<1nl»a ietm, In f Ant a., f,- , .•\u25a0*. . - ',: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,,.--..\,..:,
ADVERTISEMENTS^ . .•' . ''.--' . • \ •..-
0HtNliei||N||a||||| M | 9 a NH9 |||||«HNIHNINNNIIINMMNNI
| We Desire to Announce]
§ _<_______0^^- Tllat We are n0W r<6afliJ for i
« -_«___\ uour inSDection °f tlle New 2
** _^__l -^^i^i^^- % j m IK _^__i__|__L _^_k AIIlul 1" 9
fltf-_5_A. *&r kBtt flfiSB # USE -PrHrf B^HL /^*-SBsnia _^E |^f E^_r a
RK^KW _* ___3P^ _n_S9 _L9qM _i _K_HE___M_y y^_9_^_B__l_^^_^_K»_iBB- J_^_^r _^Hi^^^ _^
• v. > 5^ J material and work- §
• <^ mansliiD, and are the S
S standard of fashion everywhere, NO ONE DISPUTES THATI 8
o - #
• \u25a0 .
I WCRcaQ&y. 50 Third St. |
• V_^ Li Second Shoe Store from Market. \
Z A Postal will bring our new Fall Catalogue to uour home, 2
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM'ALL"
Br«iythisff that tends to
speed, comfort, plesjrccr* and
loxnry unlimited! Beserra
J bertha for this famous train
at 641 Harket strut, .
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. V,, ON WE
SAN I A Ft
!\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0
• * ; . ». ' ~ • . \u25a0 . \u25a0 . \u25a0 /\u25a0'\u25a0'* . % '\u25a0* *
I f~«\ Rupture Cured. ;
' 1\ _B mecelebntod California la- 1
_)___2i Tentor, Dr. Fierce. dlacoTerad I
tfr^HI th»t Uxe mN remedy for Rup- j
W >J_J turo U £Uc*rte«Y. *nd to p*r-
/ » CSf t ectUtc &— wonderfal Electro- 1
_kAjfSf few MtfBetioTn iMMideatab-!
B_iff_(A_y_y__ra llahing its tale Uuranghout •
T]MKp8!_2i2_Mr — '° world, be gave to vat- J
\lu\S(itlV Ik feren frotflthlidaageioni •
vfflffiral lt.»>»Wy — '• **U*' ai id \u25a0«-*
el«ewhare.TWsrenowaeoli
-^^Wr appliance to radlcaUydlf-^
fereat from all others and ita action on tha
roptti«hi part* la quick and HJkIIt* Cojja
•ooempUahed by 1U ««• mf numbered ar «»• .
or wad a t^tstopfMBa^*'BooM*>i«.l. t r;
Addreaa MaamMo TruM C:. H4S Broadway (n—»
| agw.Met^ortlS^fUs^aaafta^^^
..- •.\u25a0"-'\u25a0:'- Birt l .'.*.:.'..'fc?i «i < » \u25a0 ' \u25a0* "~ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 * .«-.. .- ,'i" \u25a0\u25a0„
Another Black I
Dress Goods Sale. I
One of the greatest sales we ever held was in our black R
dress goods department last week. Hundreds of ladies pur- 1
chased and hundreds were unable to get to the counters to be I
waited upon. To those we could not serve we owe an apol- I
ogy, »but extend another invitation this week which we 1
trust they will take advantage of. Black will be worn a fij
great deal this fall and nobody's wardrobe is complete with- I
out a full black suit. Read every item — it means money
to you. ii! . i
Black Storm Cheviot.
A fine, firm, heavy quality, for short walking skirts, Eton jackets,
bicycle costumes, etc.— fast, midnight black, warranted-rSo' inches
wide and a grand value at' $i.oo — a sensational special, beginninpr to-
morrow •... .. .500 .Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Black Pirola Crepons.
Not the old-fashioned blistered effects, but new small neat patterns so m
much in 'vogue in the East at this time — io styles to select from — 38 \u25a0
inches wide and a beautiful fast black— the genuine imported Eng- I
lish goods— we've never heard of this quality being sold for less than
75c — come early before the rush, beginning: to-morrow...*.. .25c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Black Panne Broadcloth.
The proper fabric for a tailor-made suit or raglan— 52 inches wide— has
a rich, lustrous panne finished surface^ — guaranteed to be Ripley's finest
jet black dye and every thread to be wool — a grand doth at $1.50 a
yard — an extraordinary special, beginning to-morrow ......95c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Black Granite Cloth.
A strong, serviceable, fashionable cloth for shopping dresses, separate
skirts or traveling suits-^a deep, midnight black— 37 inches ' wide-
made of wool and mohair and absolutely dust proof— a regular obc
cloth; on for a special, beginning to-morrow ,.*..30c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
EXTRA.
38*A per cent will be the reduction on all Black Goods
Rtrrviants up to next Saturday night.
An Extraordinary TaHeta Silk Sale.
Flannel taffeta, a soft finished silk fabric that has had a remarkable ran
in the fashion centers of the world this season. By a fortunate ton
of trade events we succeeded in purchasing a thousand yards of this
silk in helio, cardinal and gray, at a tremendous discount. This silk
was manufactured to sell at 65c a yard. However, on account of the
special purchase we made we will offer it special, at our Market
street store only, for •_•_:_; ,**•, J_" - 25c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
DOMESTICS.
Bedspreads.
We have selected 94 white crocheted bedspreads, Marseilles patterns,
for three-quarter and full-size beds, for a special sale to-morrow. These
are fine, heavy spreads and are our well-known 80c grade— a snap
while they last v eSc Each
For safe at Market-strent store only.
A Lace Curtain Chance.
126 pairs of white and ecru Nottingham lace curtains, three yards Ion*
and big enough for dining-rooms and bedrooms, on. sale to-morrow^— -
thesa are all new patterns and would be a bargain at $1-35 * P^T"
better come early— special fl.OO Pair
For sale at Market-street store only.
Wool Blankets. "i
75 pairs of white lamb's wool blankets in an extra large size— for 'dou-
ble beds, with blue and pink borders, to be sacrificed this week. These
blankets' arej pure California wool and of a fine, soft, fluffy, quality —
sell. in the regular way for $4-75— a strong special ;..$3.9O
, For sale at Market-street store only.
to Think About.
\u25a0 Why is it people can purchase better fun, both medium priced and I
I high grade, at H. Licbes & Co.'s than at any other similar establishment I
I in the United States? \u25a0
I Why is it that professional people, actors particularly, traveling all I
lover the world, wait until they s« to San Francisco to buy their furs of I
I First, because we are the largest exclusive fur. house in the world:
I because we have our own fur collecting stations in the (upbearing
I countries; because we buy raw furs in larger quantities than any manu-
I facturer in the world; because we make our own garments all in our
I own establishment. We have no competition, for there is , no similar
I concern in the world.
I OUR GREAT $30.00 JACKET.
I We illustrate above a typical H. Liebes & Co. value. It is an elec-
I trie seal jacket and one of the besf medium priced fur garments we
I have ever offered. Made of the finest grade of electric seal, elegantly
I lined with a superior quality of heavy satin, cut in the latest fashion and I
1 guaranteed in every way. Every one of these garments bears our name, I
I and they cannot be duplicated outside our store for the price we ask. \u25a0
I 22 inches long — now on exhibit in our windows — ",'\u25a0 - ' '—*% "'m
I $30.00 Each. I
I Our beautiful 60 -page catalogue and fashion book, is now ready for di%- I
\u25a0 tribution. If you have not already received a copy, tend ut your name and the I
I names of your friends. We will be pleated to forward copies to any Interested . I
I GJ^ # TlNCORP ORATB D^^t^ Y
1 The lArgeat exclusive fur Koube try the ; wg______JfFlames at' the Pan-Amexlcaa.
A warrant will be \u25a0 Issued on ; Monday
morning by United States .District Attor
ney JWood worth- for- the arrestof Charles
roster of the firm of. Foster & Orear "
the Oakland and Alameda Parcel
ery, at the ferry, for having Interfered
wfih United I States Secret Senrlce oJeS
live Harry Moffltt. who was Investigating
the passing of counterfeit money to a pa
tron of the firm. \u25a0 \u25a0 "
Charles Foster to Be Arrested,
, NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— The submarine
boat Shark was successfully launched at
Elizabeth-port to-day. The boat is one of
the fleet of submarine" warships that Is
being- built by the Holland company. Miss
Walnwright. -daughter of Commander
Walnwrtght, U. 8. N., christened the new
vessel. A number of officials and a large
crowd of spectators were present at the
launching, v . v
Launch of Submarine Boat.
SAN JOSE,. Oct. 19.— A movement' Is on
foot to form a retail- merchants' associa
tion; the 'purposes of which will be to ad
vance the interests of the city and en
courage homo. Industry. Many signatures
are being received and the association
will start with a large \u25a0 membership. A
crusade is to be made against "Cheap
John" auction sales, and attention will ba
paid to the credit system, that merchant*
may be protected. . >* ,•
Merchant* -Will Organise.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band In Golden Oat* Park
to-day:
Symphony No, 1 .....Beethoven
(a) "Adagio Molto and Allegro Con Brio."
(b) "Andante Cantablle Con Moto." -'
. (c) "Menuetto." \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0: . - -
<d> ."Allerro- Molto Vivace." ... .... !
"Dlvertlssment Espagnole" (Suite)... Dtsormes
"Monkg of.Malabar" Englandcr
Overture, "Raymond" .......Thomas
Trombone quartet
Messrs. Bellman, Schelner. Green*, Strosi.
Mazoarka. "I*. Csarlne" ......Oann*
Themes from -Un Ballo In Matcher*".... Verdi
March, "M> Blmhln' Rote" .....Storaberg
Music in.the Park.
OILROY, Oct. ( 19.-A runaway accident
that occurred here to-day may result In
the death of Frank White, a young: man
employed by P c H. Cordes, the fruit grow
er. White wag unloading a wagon.laden
with apples, .when the horses became
frightened and dashed down the street,
upsetting the wagon and throwing White
violently to the ground. He sustained a
concufcslon of the brain and lay uncon
scious for several hour*. Docton fear he
will not recover.- . •
Injured by Runaway Team.
Resolved, That we tender our heartfelt sym
pathy to the beloved and devoted-widow of our
lamented President. William McKlnley. "Oood
by all, Eood-by. It ts God's way. His will be
done, not ours."
Court Magnolia of the Foresters of
America has adopted the following reso
lutions that were presented by a special
committee consisting ot A. T.-Barnett, O.
Monash and A. May:
Whereas, Tb* cruel hand of an unprincipled
anarchist has taken the life of our martyred
President William MaKlnley; therefor* b« it
Resolved, That the members of Court Magno
lia No. 29, Foresters of America, hereby express
tbe deepest Indignation at such a terrible crime.
Resolved, That tre mourn In words Inexpres
sible the awful loss of our beloved President,
who while amone us endeared himself In the
hearts of all.
BeaolutionB of Sympathy.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.-Thomas A. Gra
ham, who leaves the position of district
freight and passenger agent here to ac
cept a more responsible post with the
Southern Pacific, was to-day the recipient
of a magnificent diamond ring. This gift
was from the Urge fruit packer* and
wholesalers of San Jose, whose esteem
Mr. Graham has won during his stay here.
Mr. Graham will leave In a few days to
become assistant general freight agerft
of the Pacific division, with headquarters
in San Francisco.. . •/ i \u25a0 •
Dip. mond Ring for Graham.
SEATTLE. Oct. 19.— The board of sur
vey on the collier ntcutnrr Mackinaw,
which lant Thursday dragged herself
acroH.s Duncan Rock, at the entrance tu
the straits. lind tho damage to the vessel
much morp nerlous than was expected.
The Injuries are on the port Hide. Fifty
feet from the bow Is a great 'hole In tho
hull, where the vessel struck. Her entlra
bottom is ecraped from that point to
within fifty feet of the stern, where there
Is another large rent. It will coit prob
ably 160.000 for repairs. The collier is now
In drydock nt Quartermaster Harbor.
Damages to the Mackinaw.
The following statement showing the
present condition of the McKlnley memo
rial fund, was issued from the Major's
office yesterday:
Received to-day: Througn Raphael Well,
\\hlte House— M. V. Lacaze. Jl 60: Em Raas.
II; Pierre Dupuy. 12 SO; A. Bergerot. »2 y. P
Troulllet. 82 £0; M. La Carere. 50c: Marie La
berere. We; J. P. Delcol. SOc: Frank Lacoste.
K; 3. P. Cleu. 50c: J. Errecard. $1: J. Escalg,
tl; J. Vaysile, $1— $20: O'Connor, Moffatt ft Co.
1100: pupils Sprine Valley Grammar School.
838 40; employes Western Sugar Refinery. 82*'
Abramson-Heunisch Co.. 825; Charles R.
Bishop, IK: pupils Crocker Grammar School.
$18 26: pupils Monroe Primary 8chool. $11 2i;
pupils South End School, $10 SO; San Francisco
Timber Preserving Compenv. $io; stoll ft -Van
"Bergen, $5; Gustave Schnee, $2 60; Belfast Gin
ger Ale Company, $2 60; Golden Gate School,
$1 80— $290 CO; previously- reported, 121.892 75:
total to date. $22,90$ 25. • v V " '
McKinley Memorial Fund.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. lD.-There was
an enthusiastic statehood rally of the cit
izens of this county In Dorrls Theater this
afternoon. The meeting wus designed to
create greater interest in the territorial
conference which will meet here a week
hence and which will be composed of
delegates from every municipality and
every county central committee, either
Democratic or Republican. To-day's
meeting was presided over by A. <;.
Baker, former Chief Justice of Arizona,
and amonp the principal sneakers were
Governor N. O. Murphy. B. A. Fowler
and Judge Kibby. The movement is en«
tlrcly non-partisan and the meeting was
well attended.
Statehood Bally in Phoenix.
REDDING. Oct. 19.— A spirited horse
driven by Mrs. Margaret Glllespic. of
the Glllesplc House at Kcswick. and her
guest. Mrs. J. Morell. and baby, became
unmanageable on a steep hill In the
suburbs this afternoon and began to whirl
on the grade. Mrs. Glllesplc seized the
baby and sprang from the vehicle. Be
fore Mrs. Morell could lenp the horse
overturned the buggy upon her. The
maddened animal then started down the
road and scattered fragments of the
vehicle all the way from Redding to Mid*
die Creek. Mrs. Gillesple and the baby
were merely bruised. Mrs. Morell was In
jured, but managed to walk to town,
where assistance was obtained.
Saves the Life of a Babe.
In his remarks Mr. Fenollosa stated
that Buddhism has played a great part
in the formation of the Chinese character.
He said that Buddhism exerted a positive
and not a negative Influence on the Chi
nese, and that warred against and In a
measure counteracted the crystallizing
tendencies of Confucius* teachings.
On Tuesday afternoon, October 22 the
same speaker will deliver another lecture
in the parlors oT the church on "A Com
parative Study of the Art of Asia and Eu
rope." At this lecture there will 'be two
sets of pictures, one representing the
masterpieces of European and the other
of Asiatic artists. Owing to the great
interest that the present course of lec
tures is exciting, the ladies of the Chan
ning Auxiliary have decided to have Mr.
Fenollosa deliver three more at the con
clusion of the present series.
Ernest F. Fenollosa delivered an inter
esting and instructive lecture on "The
Landscape Art and Poetry of Medieval
China" yesterday afternoon in the par
lors of the First Unitarian Church. The
lecture was the second of the series on
"Art in the Orient" which Mr. Fenoliosa
has agreed to give under the auspices of
the Channing Auxiliary. The speaker re
vealed a side of the Chinese character
which has hitherto not been touched upon
to any great extent by American speak
ers.
The lecture was appropriately illus
trated by photographs of the master
pieces of the ancient Chinese masters.
The Illustrations showed the Intense love
for wild scenery and wild nature which
once animated the now seemingly stoical
Chinese. The speaker pointed out how
the Chinese artists had .Interwoven into
their work representations of the forces
of nature.
The man who boasts of being able to
spell every word correctly /may not be
much good at anything else.
The Imprudent man reflects on what he
has said, and the prudent man on what
he Is going to say.
Interesting Lecture Is
Delivered by Ernest
F. Fenollosa.
The drum corps of Marshall Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, which has
Been designated as the parlor's nolse
makcr. has appointed a committee to
make arrangements for a grand ball to
be eiven on the evening of the 30th lnat.
In Union Square Hall.
Marshall Parlor's Noise-Maker.
Alexander Garnett. who Is stopping at
the Brooklyn Hotel, claims he was
knocked down by two men on Bush street,
near Montgomery, last Friday evening
and robbed of a gold watch and chain
nnd tfO. The police are working on the
case.
Says He Was Robbed.
REDWOOD City. Oct. 19.— Harry
Bechel, the man who threw the coffin con
taining the body of a two-month-old Chi
nese child over a fence into a fleld near
Colma recently, and Wong Hi. the Chi
nese undertaker, of San Francisco, who
had charj;«» of the funeral ceremonies,
pleaded guilty to a charge of neglecting
to Inter the body of a deceased person und
were sentenced by Justice of the Peace
Hannon of this place to-day. Bechel was
sent to the County Jail for ninety days,
without the alternative of a fine, while
Wong HI was fined $35. which he paid.
Gets a Term in Prison.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.-H. L. Ilirsch. pro
prietor of the Pabst Cafe. k was arrested
this morning for conducting a music hall
without a license. City Treasurer Mr;-
Geoghrgan swore to the complaint, HIrsch
pleaded not guilty and his trial was set
for next Wedmmdny. Rev. Dr. Mncluren.
pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church,
will be the principal witness agnin.st
HIrsch. This clergyman wont slumming
a few days ago and visited Hlrsch's cafe.
A few days ago HIrsch discontinued the
amusement features of -his saloon, after
having conducted them a year in open
defiance of the city authorities.
Cafe Proprietor Arrested.
ART AND POETRY
OF THE CHINESE
1 : .OS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— Henry Ken
nedy filed suit to-day In the County
Olerk's office to recover S2.00o.000 from
Walter Everett. The complaint alleges
that two years ago he and Everett en
tered into a bargain by which all rail
road, banking and other concessions ob
tained by them from the Mexican Gov
ernment should be divided half and half.
This agreement was reached by virtue of
the plaintiff's infruenct- with J. M. Ncel
and a wealthy capitalist of Nebraska,
who were to aid them in their enter
prises. Now Kennedy charges Everett
with having secretly organized corpora
tions In Chicago and Mexico and started
a railroad and a bank In the State of
Chiapas, as well an having secured a num.
her of other valuable concessions. He
asks the court to compel Everett to ex
hibit all such concessions and all Inven
tories of property in hla possession ob
tained by Mexican franchises.
SUING TO RECOVER
TWO MH.LI0N DOLLARS
Holder of Mexican Concessions Ac
cuses His Partner of Defraud
ing Him.
Bebekahs' Open Meeting.
Mission Rebekah Lodge held an open
meeting in Excelsior Hall last wight, at
which there were present as many of the
friends and acquaintances as could find
room In the hall. The committee of ar
rangements consisted of Mesdames Car
rie Sullivan and Alice Slmonds ami
George T. Styche. The programme fol
lows:
Overture. Mrs. Pracy: recitation. Miss
Kerschner; song- and dance. Delia Scbleuter;
fancy dance. Georgle Bacon: -specialties.
"Baby" Schleuter: "A Quarter of an Hour of
Fun." by Henry W. and Mrs. Oathoff. and a
recitation by Jennie Swift. This was followed
by an Intermission, during which a, collation
was served, which was followed by a dance.
Thieves Bob a Showcase.
Thieves broke open a showcase in Ja
cobs' tallqr shop at 15 Powell street Fri
day night and stole two pairs of trousers.
Detective Crockett is looking for the
thieves. . -
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 19.— Suit has
been commenced In the Superior Court by
the First National Bank of San Francisco
against Minnie M. MacMonagle and Nellie
B. Moody, as exccutrlccs of the last will
and testament of William Corbitt. and
Beverly MacMonagle. S. F. Murphy,
James K. Moffltt and Isaac Kohn. to de
clare a deed to be a mortgage and to fore
close the same. The complaint recites
that on October 15. ISO". William Corbitt
executed his promissory note to plaintiff
for $60,000 and deeded as security therefor
two tracts of land near Uurllngame. Cor
bitt dleu in 159S. The complaint alleges
that the executrices have disposed of
some of the estate and paid on account of
the> note the sum of $33,000. leaving a bal
ance of $2*,u00 due. The property Involved
Is the beautiful Corbitt home, between
San Mati-o and Burllngame. and com
prises also the Corbitt -Block farm.
Suit Involving Corbitt Ranch.
Several days ago Charles Kruse, a gro
ceryman at the corner of Turk and Larkiu
streets; Dick Hultman. who conducts a
ealoon on Turk street, near Larkln, and
Henrv Carlan, In the employ of the in
ternal revenue service, left this city for
Callstoga on a hunting trip. Hultman and
Carlan returned yesterday and Kruse re
mained behind. Shortly after the arrival
of the saloon * man and the Government
employe a "story was set in circulation
that the three men were held up Friday
morning, by a lone highwayman, who re
lieved them of their money and valuables.
The rumor spread and caused excitement
in the neighborhood where the men are
known. Hultman and Carlan denied the
story last night and said it had started
In fun. \u25a0• , • \u2666
Humored Hold-Up.
During the session of the Grand Lodg»
of Free and Accepted Masons recently
held In this city the statement was made
that at the opening session there was
present William Schuyler Moses, said to
be the only living member of the frater
nity who was present at the Institution
of the first Grand Lodge. April 19.' ISO.
John H. Lieningr of Colusa In a letter to
The Call says:
"I was a charter member of the first
lodge organized In San Francisco, known
as California Lodge No. 1. Instituted In
1M9, and as far as I know am the only liv
ing member of that lodge. I was appoint
ed a delegate to help organize the first
Grand Lodge, but was away on a pros
pecting, tour when the meeting for that
purpose took place. I have been a Mason
for fifty-seven years and am nearly 84
years of age."
While Mr. Llenlns Is entitled to th-»
credit of having been "elected a delegate
to help form the first Grand Lodge." tha
iact that he "was on a prospecting tour
when the meeting for that purpose took
place" does not contradict the assertion
that William Schuyler Moses was the only
living member of the fraternity at the re?
cent Grand Lodge session who was pres
ent at the organization of the first Grand
Lodge.
Another Old Mason-
Miss Moroney *s Farewell Concert.
The farewell concert of Miss Mary
Genevieve Moroney took place last night
at Sherman & Clay Hall before a large
and fashionable audience. Miss Moroney,
who will shortly leave San Francisco for
New York, was greeted warmly by her
many friends, and pleased, as usual, by
her intelligent and sympathetic work.
She gave three solos and accompanied
throughout ih-i programme. The pianist
was assistr-d by Mmc. Camille D'Arville-
Crellin, who f-.-i.iK two numbers with much
grace and spirit and was heartly encored.
There were also selections by Lovell
Lnngstroth. the 'cellist, who made a most
favorable Impression upon his audience.
Donald de V. Graham gave pleasure by
his artistic rendering of his two num
ber?. Miss Moroney will be much missed
In musical circles, and tak<rs with her
the good wishes of many friends to her
new home. The programme of the even-
Ing war as follows:
I'Uno »olo. •"Moment Musical." Miss
Moroney: song, "Serenade de Don Juan." Mr.
Ormham; cello solo. "Adagio Pathetlque." Mr.
I.anir*tmth: .*'Ave Maria." Mrs. Crellin; piano
solo. "Nocturne.*" Miss Moroney: "Noel d'lr
lande." ' Mr. Urahamt cello-solo, "Intermezzo
\u25a0lu Concerto «n K<\" Mr. Langstrnth; song.
" •Twas Surely Fate." Mm. Crellin: piano solo,
"Valse Chromallque." Mien Moroney.
The time has now come, in the opinion
of Hay. when it is desirable that Ameri
can merchants and other Americans re
siding in Tientsin should live in an Amer
ican jurisdiction, and he therefore in
structed Minister Conger to obtain from
China a new grant, which will definitely
fix the boundaries of the concession.
The United States will be the last of the
great nations to acquire a concession at
Tientsin. During: the preliminary peace
negotiations at Peking. Russia seized
territory at Tientsin, and her claim to it
was recognized by Li Hung Chang as
Viceroy of Tientsin. At the same time
France and Japan extended the limits of
their concessions, and Austria and Bel
glum also secured concessions. Great Brit
ain and Germany already possessed suf
ticient land. It is not expected that China
will attempt to oppose the request of the
United States.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREETf' N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— China has
been asked by ihc United States to recog
nize its right to a municipal concession in
the city of Tientsin. This action has been
taken by Secretary of State Hay in order
that American, trade In the Celestial Em
pire may be placed on the same footing
as that of all- the great nations. . .
This Government owned a concession in
Tientsin many years ago. but Its title was
relinquished during the Cleveland admin
istration and t was incorporated in the
British settlement, with the understand
ing that should it ever be needed it would
be returned. - . "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— F. II. Benedict
was the non of E. C. Benedict, the banker
of this city. He was 33 years of age. His
ttrst wife was the daughter of Henry M.
Klagler. the oil magnate, and his second
the daughter of Frederick R. Coudert.
the well-known attorney. Benedict was
ono of the best known whips in the coun
try.
Grenvllle Kane Is one of the best known
clubmen In this city. He Is a brother of
Delancy Kane and of Nicholas Kane, the
yachting expert. Kane is the great
grandson of the original John Jacob
Astor.
A heavy storm, which broke over the
mountains just as the automobile party
were approaching the summit of BulrHlU
was the direct cause of the accident. A
moment atter the machine had passed the
summit a gust loosened the rubber
blanket in front of Benedict and lie lost
control of the automobile. It dashed
about and rolled over against a stone
wall. All the occupants were throwii out.
but Benedict was the only one who fell
underneath.
WEST POINT. N. Y., Oct. 19. -An acci
dent near here this afternoon resulted in
the almosMnstant death of Frederick H.
Benedict, son of E. C. Benedict, and per
haps the fatal Injury of Granville Kane,
guest of Mr. Benedict. .
Benedict and his friend Kane, with a
chauffeur, started from Tuxedo in an au
tomobile for West Point to attend the
football game. A thunderstorm came up,
a fall of rain milking the roadway slip
pery. Jn descending a hill the chauffeur
lost control and ran into a breakwater
with sufllclent violence to upset the ma
chine. Kane was thrown under the ma
chine, which weighed 400 pounds. The
automobile then toppled over and Bene
dict was crushed beneath its weight.
The accident occurred about two mlle3
north of Central Valley. The body of
Benedict will be brought to the quarters
of Major J. B. Bellinger, as the deceased
was a brother of Mrs. Bellinger.
PISHKIL.L. N. Y., Oct. 1».— Dr. Sprague.
who attended Kane, stated to-nlaint that
the patient sustained a fracture^ of the
left arm, a dislocation of the right thumb
and was severely cut about the face and
hands. .• \u25a0 \u25a0 .
State Secretary Favors Estab
lishment of a Trade • .
V
Center.
Tragic Result of Lively Spin
on a Steep Hill
side.
United States _ Desires
Opportunities in
? Tientsin. &
Chauffeur Is Killed in a
Big Storm Near
West Point.
CHINA ASKED
FOR CONCESSION
DEATH ENDS RIDE
IN AUTOMOBILE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER. 20, \ 1901
20
Heat expand* and cold contracts; that
la probably vrhy the days art longer In
summer than in winter. • -v.
NEW TORK.'Oct. l«.-FJr« to^nliht de
stroyed the New England . building In the
Pan-American Exposition.^ " t
How to buy furniture,
and carpets without
ready money
?« \u25a0 : 1 8
You don't have to go to a money lender for money or tell
your private business to a lot of strangers. * . j :j
*w Deal Direct and, Without Usury
We have never charged interest and our, customers never have
and never will be asked to submit to any such'indigmty..
We Invite You to Take "Pot Luck" With Us
Probably the expression calls to your memory many a pleasant
gathering and genial company.
As an Example of Our "Poor Assortment"
let us tell you that we can show (actual count) 150 samples of side-
bbards, 175 sample rockers. 83 sample bedroom suites, a well
stocked china store, 493 patterns of carpets, and if we ask you
"regular prices" for a carpet that has been on#our shelves over
six months you are entitled to a cash prize of $100. Little need be
said of our Richmond Ranges. They are the only money-back
range in San Francisco. <
u \u25a0 : \u25a0 — « t
\ /V' mf } ' /: xwk^^u^'' i fr^SSjsrf car P ets $u ° a Yd - siiio
/ $V'X/ fflJM $tt|]3fiir $'\' I I t^r^-Ml n;fiIent a cS- J 'et S ll'u atternS ° f th " C ™ k ~
w \u25a0 . 4 . . ., • . - ' . "cbcoanut matting."
Pretty colorings — soft grays and greens. . :\u25a0•..,
. We have just .100 yards to sell at the remarkable price of 35 cents a yard,' laid. . Lining is not used with this
White Maple Bed- 1 Hi aa i^w t J • • . a
\u25a0EZts*': $20 Deal direct and
Carved and paneled exactly as shown. \u25a0•l«li''^ ' ''A
in T h h;S i oTd r i» W hi. e ,n<lc!«r.ndp«. WltnOljt 11 1 I* V I *
aesses that daintiness that makes maple T \u25bc * *^ * * Vr U ULO Ul 1 J • ?$si
so desirable for bedroom furniture. ''-, \u25a0 * %/ ,
&^m^^&Wm^M. We b « M§ .°P en an acc o«"t withjOT-directl-
bureau is, 42 inches': wide, with a bev- : v ' i it. • ' * •
; eled plate mirror 20x24 inches. . -\ * ou can make the payments to suit your convenience..
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY
IQ39 Market Street, Opposite McAllister;
. AJVEBTISEMEyTS.
NO ARGUMENT HEEDED.
Erery Eufferer from Catarrh Knows that
Salves, Lotions. Washes, 'prays and
Doaches Do Not Cure.
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and In-
halcru cannot really cure Catarrh, because
this disease is a blood disease, and local
applications, if they accomplish anything
at all. simply give transient relief.
Tha catarrnal poison Is in the blood and
the mucous membrane of the nose, threat
and trachea tries to relieve the system by
secreting; large quantities of mucus, the
discharge sometimes closing: up the nos-
trils,- dropping into the throat, causing
deafness by closing: the Eustachlan tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or serious throat and lung troubles.
A remedy to really cure catarrh must be
an Internal remedy. which will cleanse the
blood from catarrhal poison and remove
the fever and congestion from the mucous
membrane. k / , . > •
The best and most modern remedies for
this purpos« are antiseptics scientifically
known as Eucalyptol, . Gualacol, San -
gulnaria and Hydrustln, and while each
of these has been successfully used sep-
arately, yet it has *been difficult to set
them all combined In one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form. -
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably in accomplishing; this
result. They are large", pleasant tasting
lozenges, to be dissolved in the mouth
thus reaching every part of the mucous
membrane of the throat and finally the
stomach. \u25a0 - . .
Unlike many catarrh remedies, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
or any lnJurJous i drug whatever arid are
equally beneficial for little children and
adults. . ¥ .
Mr. C. IL Rembrandt of Rochester, N.
T., says: "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as I from Catarrh of
the head, throat and stomach. I used
sprays, Inhalers and powders for months
at a time with only slight relief, and had
no hope of cure. I had not the means to
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only chance of cure. '
••Last BDTlnt I read an account of some
remarkable cures made by Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and promptly bought a
fifty-cent box from my druggist • and ob-
tained such positive benefit from that one
package that I continued to use them
dally until I now consider myself entirely
free from the disgusting annoyance of ca-
tarrh; my head Is clear, my digestion all I
could ask and my hearing, which had be-
gun to. fall as a result of : the^catarrh, has
greatly Improved until I feel I can hear as
well as ever. They are a household neces-
sity in my family." . ?• .
\u25a0 Stuart's.' Catarrh Tablets ' arc - sold by
druggists at 60 cents for complete treat-
ment, and for convenience, safety and
prompt' results they .'are undoubtedly the
long-looked-for. catarrh curei :-
World Famous Mariani Tonic
The medical profession as well
as all who have used Yin Mari-
ani pronounce it unequaled.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necucut, on the 21rt day cf December.
A. D. !>'•\u25a0. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to th« Insurance Commissioner
cf the Slate cf California, pursuant to the
j-ravisSoc* of eectioca CIO and €11 of tbe Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per black furnished by
?h* Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
C«h n.250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S801.500 00
Leans en Bonds and Mortgages Sa',700 00
Ca£h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bents owned by Company '.l'l.&i 35
Amount of I>jan* e*our»d by pledge -
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7,800 CO
Cash !n Company's Office 12S.IS1 S2
Cash in Bask: 720, SIS SO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loons S3 23
Interest da«: and accrued on Bonds
Tied Mortgag** 24,53! M
Pretr.iun-.s m <iue Cour**- cf Collec-
tion 1,2».M152
I: -nt? due and accrued ... 1.469 63
Due from ether Companies for Re-
iBsurance en losses already paid... 9.572 S3
Total Assets S10.97),S5 01
LIABILITIES.
Lo&ees adjected and unpaid ._ S222.C22 44
Loes^e In proccw cf Adjustment or
in Suspense 3C7.C59 S2
Losses italatmO. including expenses... 64.S66 14
Ore** pre^tluras on Fir* P.i«ks run-
ning orui year or Iree, $4,917,45» 16;
reinsurance U> per cent 2,458,727 SS
Gro*« prem!«ir.s on Fire Risks run-
ning morp than cne year. M.022.-
»C7 05: relninjrance pro rata 3.OC8.21I 14
Cornrn'MiasE and Brokerage due and
to Income Cue S4.300 00
Tctal Liabilities ......t«,2tf,435 12
INCOME.
yet cash actiislty reoelred tor Fir*
prasluzsf Sf.eM,7M U
RecelT«6 for Interest en Bonds and
Mortgages „. €1,690 04
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Btocke. Loans, and from
all other sources , 112,845 71
Received for P.*nU 13,{J2 zt
Total Inccs* .S7.072.934 «
EXPENDITURES.
.\rt eiaoust paid for Fire Losses <In-
elu&isr y/jt.ZK C4, losses Of prevl-
ooa years) - S4.37L9S7 61
Plvldenfis to Stockholders..^. 400,000 t/l
I'ai'j or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1 1£2 <57 tl
Paid for ealaries, Fees and other
cnarges for officers, clerks, etc 11L706 04
Paid toy State, National and Local
taxea 197.K0 M
All ether i ayra'.iu and expenditures 641,808 C4
Total Expenditures .S7,28«,650 11
Fir*.
lstset Incurred during the year....tt.oi;,m (s
Risks and Premiums.] Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount cf Rltks ~ "~
written during- the
Y**r rOS.2S2,M2 t«,4C,122 81
Net amount of Rl*ks
expired during tbe
year «5.4»,202 f,«S8,l£J 3S
Net amount In force .«-•.—• \u25a0»
December 21, ViVl.. te2.S7S.0O 10.940.t23 a
OEO. L. CHASE. President
- v — w— - P ' C - P-^YCE. Secretary. \
Eut»erlbed and fworn to before me, this 4th
Car of January. lfrOL
DANIEL J. GLAZIER, Kottry Public
Pacific Department.
313 California St., 6mn Francisco.
Henry K. Belden, Manager.
Whitney PaTache, Am*t. JUanafter.
M CHICHCCTril'B CfiaUBH \
e^*^GjfVi«» KCD ••« Gold Mulilt Uxw^JZim
TUFF RflYlir^^Br!S
UHIL nUIHLEL Cam Ove l r D co,U IJlf . e n r d
values checked tree.
_ .'.-_\u25a0' -' •' - ADVERTISEMENTS. -.
\u25a0 . . - '.A '...\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. . ' . - \u25a0 ' • • -
flj|§|§ CASE OF BAD^OWELS
Arc you happy? Not if your liver and bowels don't work.
• Happiness depends on the bowels. Every time you eat, you
put into your body not only good material for repairs and
fuel, but a mass of useless stuff that has to be removed
promptly or it will clog your machinery, poison your blood,
throw your liver out of gear, and make you act mean to those you love*
Your stomach is sour, your skin yellow, your breach offensive, and you hate
yourself and all mankind* Winter or summer it's all the same, when you
are unclean inside, you are unhappy and so is everybody near you* The
cure is pleasant, quick, easy, cheap, never fails* Cascarets, the world's
greatest bowel cleaner and liver tonic* Cascarets are guaranteed to cure
constipation, lazy liver, bad blood, bad breath, sour stomach, biliousness*
and all summer and winter bowel troubles*. Don't be un-
happy— buy a box today. All druggists, JOc, 25c, 50c. Jff^^\"
Write fcr health booklet and free sample. Address Sterling y|p»ff*
Remedy Company, Chicago or NeW York* ' j3i^»W
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROBERT WALLACE.
THE CHOICEST FURS— A Great Occasion, an Exceptional Exhi-
bition and Offering. ' We buy the Choicest Furs and convert them
into the handsomest garments seen in San Francisco.
JACKETS— SEALSKIN JACKETS, ready made or made to
order; double breasted bias front op single breasted* hijjh col-
Jar and revers with combination effect or plain Sealskin.
Linings in all new colorings, fancy and plain, elegant in qual-
ity. >Ve carrv all grades and guarantee perfect fit.
$75, $100, $125, $150, $175, $209, $250. $300, $350
( Remodeling )- your old fur garments made like new • moder-
ate prices. All the latest novelties in PERSIAN LAMB, AS-
TRACHAN, NBA« SEAL, ELECTRIC* SEAL, CONEY, OTTER
and BROAD-TAtL JACKETS. Short and three-quarter gar-
ments at prices lrom $15 to $250.
CAPES — NEAR *&EAL COLLARETTES, PERSIAN LAMB
YOXF.fc, made from whole skins; splendid quality of lining,
$5.C0.
A number of same style, many combinations such as
CONEY and MOUFFLON, CO^EYand PEKSI N. CONEY and
MARTEN. OTTER and MARTEN, FOX and PERSIAN; tab
fronts: fancy and plain lining; $10 to $45.
Mink Capes all lengths and qualities 845 to $100
River Mink from $!O to $2O
A number of others in GENUINE BLACK MARTEN, OTTER,
BEAVER, R5AL SEAL, NEAR fcEAL, at prices to suit every one*
BOAS—
Coney Boas, storm collar effect, six handsome ta'ls $T.OO
Imitation Mink, Rock Marten, filack Martin do $2.50
Real Mini;, genuin: Black Marten do $6.00
Stone Marten- American Sable, beautiful qualit> do $10.00
An elegant line of all the latest novelties, one, two or
three yards long, in Coney, Mink, li tended and Natural * able,
American Sable, Black Marten, Fox; from $3.75 to $50.00.
WE have recently added the Vo lowing departments: Miill-.
ncry. Ladies', Mh<scs' and Children's Cioaks, Suits, Waists,
Skirts, Wrappers and Kimonas.
Mli_LINERY— The charm, richness, cxclusivencss and taste
of our Millinery appeal to every woman, and the more critical
shr is thr mo:*e she will bs pleased We have an endless as-
sortment of all the newest creations, and respectfully invite
your inspection. Prices from 50c to 635.90.
WAISTS, SKIRTS, CLOAKS, SUITS-Ladies' Cloth
Jackets, all new, none old, $5.OO up.
Ladies' Suits— Eton, blouse and long coat, skirts to corre-
spond, $ -5.OO up.
Ladies' Waists— Sateen, Alpaca, Wcolen and i ilk, $1.00
to $2o.OO.
Ladies* Skirts— Sateen, Alpaca, Woolen and €l:k, 81. 0 3
to $50.01).
Kimonas and Wrappers— Large assortment to select from.
Children's Coats-Ages 4, 6, 8, 1O, 12 years, in heavy or
light weights: cloths all colors; reef -r front; plain sleeve cuff
or bell; irom S3. 50 to SIO.UO.
M'sses' Coats — Short, half and three-quarter lengths,
ages 14, 16, 18, in a'l the newest styles, from $5 to S2O.O0.
>5W GOODS, NEW STYLE'S. NEW IDEAS. NEWNESS THROUGHOUT
A1ND WITH PRICES THAT CAUSE AMAZEMENT.
219 GRANT AVBNUt.
For the past eiglit years at 115 Kearny.Amateur Photographers Secure Pictorial Record of San
Francisco by Daylight and Dark. v
CAMERA CLUB SPENDS A DAY
SNAPPING AT CITY SCENERY
PEN AND INK PICTURES
OF YESTERDAY'S SCENERY
SHOOTING FEST.
The Teachers' Annuity Commission
met yesterday and retired Mrs. Jeannette
H. Wallace. Miss Elinor Murphy, Silas
White and Mrs. J. B. Gorman from the
School Department on annuities.
Retired, on Annuities.
The last time that Admiral Evans was
a visitor to San Francisco was In 1894. He>
was then a captain and was in command
of the Yorktown.
"I think that with the United States
now owning new possessions the entire
Pacific Coast has largely Increased In Im
portance from a naval standpoint. The
entire coast from ' Seattle down to San
Diego should now be much more strongly
fortified. New forts should be built ana
larger guns mounted where It Is possible.
I suppose that this step will be made In
the very near future."
. Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans, popo
laxly known In the nary as "Flghtlcr
Bob," arrived In the city yesterday from
the East, en route to Samoa, and regis
tered at the Palace. He will preside at
the of Captain Tilley. U,
S. 2S.
Admiral Evans was fatigued when he
arrived and at first refused to be Inter
viewed. After a good dinner in tha grill
ar.d a few whiffs from a fragrant cigar
his manner changed and he became most
affable. \u25a0 .
"I can't. talk at all about the Schley
case." he said. "You can thoroughly un
derstand thit It la a matter that I can
not discuss. I leave on the steamship
Solace on Monday for Samoa. On - my
way back I shall stop off at Honolulu for
a few days. I am anxious to study the)
naval situation there.
Court-Martial at
Samoa.
En BouU to the Tilley
FIGHTING BOB
ARRIVES IN CITY
Strosmeyer Council No. 460 of the Young
Men's Institute will celebrate the fifth
anniversary of its Institution by a grand
ball In Union Square Hall on the night of
the 23th inst. There are to be several
new features in the grand march, which
has been set for 8:30 o'clock. \u25a0 ' .
Strosnaeyer's Anniversary.
In ' the windows of the Bee Hive, 717
Market street, are shown the 13 50 ladles'
and men's shoes that are now being sold
for 91 85. To-morrow, as a special. 1000
pairs of hand-sewed men's as well as la
dies' shoes will be sold for $185. These
1000 pairs have Just arrived and therefore
are the very latest styles In vict kid, pat
ent and enamel, seal, box and velour calf,
all for $1 85 a pair at the factory shoe sale,
717 Market street, near Third. ' \u25a0 • •
A Beautiful Sight-
The local society of New Yorkers has
appointed a committee to make arrange
ments far a banquet to be given at the
Occidental Hotel on the night of Novem
ber 25 In celebration of the evacuation of
New York by the British troops In 17S3.
This society, which has been organized
but a short time, la in a flourishing con
dition and has enrolled in Its membership
a large number of the prominent residents
of this city.
New Yorkers Will Celebrate.
And our new line of leather poods for the
fall and holiday trade Is here, consisting
of walrus, seallon. buffalo, hippopotamus,
Texas steer, seal and alligator skins, such
as pocket and bill books, letter, card and
cigar cases, lap tablets, chatelaine bags,
suit cases, traveling, bags 'and traveling
rolls, cameras, memorandum books, etc.
We will letter everything free of charge
the same as last* year. Call now or any
other time and we shall be ready to wait
on you whenever you are ready to see
this lino of goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market at. •
Christmas Is Coming
Major D. A. Smith of the Fifth Infantry
hns been ordered to preside at an election
on November 8 for first lieutenant of Com
pony J). vice Barrows, resigned.
First Lieutenant II. E. Harver of Com
pany O of the Fifth Infantry has tendered
h'.j resignation on account of removal.
Francisco guardsmen will have to do con
siderable target shooting; and have steady
n< rves to equal these scores.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Band.
R. D. Earton leader, has arranged to
give a. concert and ball In Union Square
Hall on the night of the 24th innu A
choice Instrumental programme will be
presented.
The Band Will Plaj.
Oil men In thla city day that there Is
very little doubt that Canfleld, of Chanslor
& Canfleld, will be the first president of
the Associated OU Company.
The shipments of two days from tho
Kern Klver field recently amounted to 210
carloads of 150 barrels- each, or 31,500 bar
rels in total. . During the laxt eight
months, according to the «Kern County
papers, the Producers' Oil Storage nnd
Transportation Company has shipped £U00
carloads of oil out to market. The tank
age of the Kern River field now,, as fig
ured out by /the Log Angeles' Herald,
amounts to 2.000,000 barrels.. \u25a0 v • \u25a0\u25a0
The Peerless Oil Company has madn an
annual report to stockholders In which it
Is set forth that the company possesses
nine producing wells and that work is
progressing on nine additional well*. The
report also says that thj» sum of $129,493
has been expended in the improvement of
the property. • .
Some weeks may elapse before the next
step of th«« Associated Oil Company Is
made public. The preliminary work of
the combine that has been agreed upon
lit steadily goinK forward. Kvery day In
creaFes the confidence «>r th« projector*
of lh<- combine that entire succors awaits
them and that the measures to be adopted
will mean good price* for oil .and prontj
for the companies that arc actually pro
ducers of oil in the Kern and McKlttrlck
fields. Stockholders of the thirty or more
companies represented In the. article* of
Incorporation of the Associated Oil Com
pany will m»-et according tp their con
venience and vote on the adoption of the
plsn which fiignlfles the formation of unc
great corporation, able to cope with the
conditions existing and likely to exist, in
the place of many companies working at
croF3 purposes and all driving down the
price of thHr commodity by competition
in tho market.
The appraisement committee of the
combine h;i_H been working hard for the
last f<»w day* making an inventory of nil
the personal property of the companies
that proiKjsc to enter the Associated Oil
Company. The appraisement' Is ba»i'd
upon the actual present value of
plants, f.ic... the measure being what it
would cohI to reproduce them. This tf-»n
erfilly Indicates the method that has ustn
pursued from, the outset. Only companies
that have demonstrated that -th*y can
produce oil In paying quantities riave iluis
far been asked to Join the combine. TIimu
nre companies that have oil in tfc.e 'well
In a very promising part of the flftld that
are Ktlll on the outMlde. The iiiir;.o«o of
tho promoters has been to make the
proportion one of cold business. The
principal men In the Kern River and >M«:-
Kittrlck fields, with very few except IDiix.
huvn taken part in the work of /getting tlie
companies into a combine. Tlie JJaker*
fleld Callfornian, which reports activity
upon the part nf the committee that Is
now getting together necessary Informa
tion In Kern County, says that "H will
not bo long before, tho combine will be
a factor In the handling of the output of
the »]«•!<:." That Is the general opinion of
the. oil m<«n who have headquarters In
this city and who are Interested In the
fields fcelcctr-d for the original exploita
tion of the promoters' combine.
Many months ago those In charge of the
National Guard of California were given
authority to revise tho/'Red Book," which
has been designated as the "greatest en
cyclopedia of misinformation ever placed,
between two \u25a0covers." Up to tho present
t!m«« those whose duty It Is to attend to
thh. matter , have not presented a revi
sion. The book Is made up of . obsolete
law s and of "regulations that do' not con
form to. present conditions. There Is a
pohtlbilltythat some time in the distant
future somebody will discover that the
revision of the Red Book has been au
thorised and then the guard will be pro
vided with a work that will be up-to-date.
Efforts are being made to add another
company to the First Infantry and make
it a nine-company regiment, so as to
make room for a major and a lieutenant,
who have been <on "waiting orders" ever
since four companies were taken from it
to oiganlse tho First Battalion of Artil
lery. Several propositions have been pre
sented to the commander, of the regi
ment, each one offering to start with a
company of from thlrty-rlve to -torty mem
bers but as yet none of these have mater
ialized. Consequently the regiment has
but two majors und two officers are still
on "waiting orders." something heretofore
ur.Vnown In the National Guard. _
Batteries B and C of tho First Battalion
of Artillery, formerly Companies C and Q
(the Nationals) of the iirst Infantry,
h».ve Issued cards for a grand military
bull to be given in National Ouard Hall
In tho Kllia-street Armory on the night
of the 26th in celebration of tho forty
sixth anniversary of the organization of
th« Nationals. n
A. I<\ Ramtn. first lieutenant of Company
B, First Infantry, has tendered his reslg
"c'clonel Albert K. Whit ton, commanding
tho Fifth Infantry, paid a visit last week
to Company O in Alamcda and found the
organisation actively engaged In perfect
ing Itself in the bay.onet drill and In ex
tended orders. . This' company is making
arrangements to put up a range noar
Alnmeda for target practice at the three
dirtances. \u25a0- . , '\u25a0 , -
Cc-mpany D of the tamo regiment, which
Is - located at ' San Rafael, has been very
active In the line of recruiting lately/Last
week "the commander of the company
sent to the headquarters 'the names of
twelve men recently iworn in. --•.- .-
Company B of - tho same - regiment, lo
cated at' Petaluma, Is making arrange
ments for a. high Jinks and smoker to be
given In the. armory at a time to be fixed
by tha I committee. . consisting ' of Lieuten
ant G. U.Holtum, First. Sergeant .1... M.
Fhrrell. Sergeant It. ivt. Hicks, I Corporal
K. Lynn and Privates Steeves, Gilbert and
Dnmont. \u25a0\u25a0--, _•>\u25a0.' l' : i ':'\u25a0'. '
The Fifth Infantry Is developing, some
flrt>t-clas* marksmen. In the recent prac
tice Major Charlei ,T. Poulterer made a
porslble twonty-rtve with an ofllcor'n rcg
olution revolver at fifty : yards and Ser-
? leant Moulton of Company D of San Ra
acl scored \u25a0 seventy-four, out of a possible
seventy-five at the three ranges. The Sun
Oil Companies' Personal
Property Is Now
Considered. .
The National Guardsmen
Want ilbng Promised
Revision. /
STRONGLY DESIRE
NEW RED BOOK
Henrietta Heydenfeldt tiled a suit yes
terday to recover $7375 from Elizabeth
HeyOnfeldt. due. she alleges, for rent on
property located at Genry and Webster
streets nnd at Pacific: ami Dtipont streets.
Henrietta Heydenfeldt alleges that on
October 3, 1S93, Elizabeth Heydenfeldt
leased the property from her. ngrc<>lng to
pay a monthly rental of $125. Aci-ordlnit
to the complaint the rent was paid until
November. 1S96. but since that ante, not
withstanding numerous demands made
upon her, tho lessee has refused to pay
the rent.
Mrs. Heydenfeldt Sues for Bent.
COMBINE MAKES
STEADY ADVANCE
morning and some of the amateur pho
tographers telephoned into tho club for
instructions.
"Hello! That the Camera Club? Well,
say! Pretty foggy out here. Better put
this off. don't you think?"
"No. Go light ahead. AVe want pic
tures of San Francisco as she Is."
W. K. Toichard. Thoman Fletcher. D. D. S .
O»or«e F. Kelly. L. E. Rea. Oeorse 8. Mc
fomb. \V. B. Maxwell. Edward 11. Kemp.
Charts F. Wooll. E. G. F,:».-n. «\ A. Harris
«".. Knight White. Oliver Everett, im.it Irs
\u25a0\Veidner. Manton E. Hammond. Henry Yel
litz. W. It. Webnter. H. B. Pnehlman. Carl E.
Ackennan. Charlrs A. Go*. M. A. (tr*enlaw
W. E. Ooodrum. U. O. Grroscup. KdwaM J.
rowlfr. \V. W. Ueed. F. H. Mc<*onnell. J. H
WiJheim. H. A. tsully. E. K. Verrill. T.
'd'Eatrella, K. J. Wairm. I). H. \VuU»n Jr..
P. «.'. Danes. A. O. McKarland. A. A. Martin.
Mrs. A. I*. IjcnKt*\<\. loverly I^tcher. Kred L.
U"lnht. Madden Manurn, J. W. Kouthern. Fmy
»u<- J. .ClUla. Rosalie lirunnor. Huk<> (<old
*mtth. 11. K. Gatbs. C A. Owynn, Mrs. C. B.
Haldwln. Itcrt D. ('l-llv.n. Mali!* I*. Chllson
I»r. <.'harle« Mtton. C. ri. Clone. W. E. IHsson
vlll*. A. It. <'oomb«. A. <J. <*ooper. W. H. Ix».
p*w, C. It. IVmimtrr, It. W. Keelrr. II. T.
HennlnK, Dr. J. II. Hatch, Henry C I-asM-n.
James A. lUran. J. R. Owynn, I/}ulse Hrun
ner. F. J*. fJutteroon. K. <». Lynns, Georxe C.
Meeker. Marie Knucompre. E. C. Prlndle, A.
Newman. W. E. Palmer. W. D. Newhouse. 8.
Rein*. II. It. llosmer. C. W. Callachan. E.
Wttsrhey. h. d'Arcy Towers, J. W. Erwln. L.
M. Kaiser. I>r. W. F. Uarbat. Mrs. L. I).
Hitchcock, Theodore Kytka. J. C. Lorkln. II.
H. Madison. W. A. Sco!t. Henry Owens. J. A.
I^in«stroth. J. Meterrteln. W. J. Platt. J. D.
White, Professor J. U. B. Arsmtl. A. D. Cross,
E. O. Zlele. Dr. Arnold (lenthe. Miss J. F.
Itanks, Fred V. Adams. Henry Kenltter.»H. L.
Byrne. Lud Zobel. F. O. Spencer. Fred Nonsen,
MIps Dnllle Wall. W. E. French. E. E. Erbe.
K. O. Hrattan, Stanley Forbes. Dt. I»uls C.
I*ane, F. E. Smith. Theodore Theberath, Dr.
Ste.,m. B. H. Ryan. P. II. Johnson, W. J.
Htr<*t. George A. Knight, Miss Reeves. Will
L>ussier. E. fiaunders. F. O. Bpencer, Charles
Thompson and Byron Bent.
rollowlng Is a list of tho members In
trusted \u25a0with the task of photographing
San Francisco:
Those Who Did the Work.
The Interiors of the llbruries and mu
seums will bo taken to-day, as well as a
number of pictures of the water front
from the bay. The Harbor Commissioners
have placed tho tire tug Governor Irwin
at the club's disposal, and at S o'clock this
morning n corps of photographers under
the supervision of President Krwln will
board her and spend the day making neg
atives of the whljiplrmof the port. -vt
: Another party ofcJub members went
through Chinatown last night and took
flashlight pictures of the most Interesting
Interiors.
When the work Is completed nearly
three thousand pictures' will have been
taken and developed. These pictures will
be publicly exhibited at a later date.
Meanwhile the photographs will be print
ed on stereopticon slides and will subse
quently be used to Illustrate a lecture on
San Francisco.
The foundries, the water front, the mar
kets, the ferry depot, the depot ut Fourth
and Townsend streets, all «the prlnclpnl
street car lines, the theaters, the park,
beach and football gume were all taken
yesterday by tho Camera Club emissaries.
Chinatown by Flashlight.
The fog did not interfere materially,
however, with securing good impressions,
and in most cases had the effect of im
proving the photographs from an artistic
standpoint and adding to them the merit
of local atmosphere.
Frtincis J. Heney Pleads Other Busi
ness and Commissioner Grants
a Continuance.
The taking of testimony in the Nome
jr.tt-rr.pt oaf=«"s was postponed rather sud
'TRly yesterday morning until to-morrow
U 10 a. m.
Francis J. Heney. who is associated
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• ith Judge' McLausrhltn as attorney for
-«p<3T;'3ent Noycs. came Into Commisslon-
H*aco<k'B room full of trouble. Cer
ain legal busings of an Imperative nature
if-mandeyl bin presence at his oSlce and
M ask<»d the court to adjourn. McL-tugh
:n was unwilling to conduct the cam;
<vithout Heney, ko the adjournment was
r<ifml. i
Vt. T. Hume, the witness/ whose testi
mony is not yet completely* taken, was
to get away to Portland, but ow
r.g to the ruling of tb* Commissioner he
tsih remain and take his place upon the
- t.aad to-morrow morning.
AJXTOTTRIIIEENT TAKEN IN
NOME CONTEMPT CASES
THE Camera Club, equipped with a
battery of 15) well-loaded cameras
and reinforced by a detachment
of rays from the sun, yesterday
captured nearly every foot of San
Francisco scenery that lies out of doors.
The members took The Call building in
its rnomir.g majesty; they snapped the
• US House seals before the rock dwellers
were thoroughly awake; they found Chi
aiown doing Us marketing, and caught
The fruit-stand merchant laying in his
Saturday stock of perishable merchan
dise. Nob Hill mansions were transferred
to the Caisera Club scenery collection
while their owners were still asleep, and a
Camera Club camera was doing sentry
duty when the workers of ste«?l poured
lr.to the Union Iron Works. They escort
ed the matinee girls to the doors of all
the Theaters.
The po?s*ssion of a complete photo
grapiflc record-cf San Francisco has for
• !oni? time been one of the Camera Club's
• herisfced ambitions. By sundown to-day
tbfs ambition will have be**n realized and
the- evidences of the achievement, record
ed on multitudinous five by six inch pieces
of paper, will be stacked, on the desk of
the club secretary.
Fog Makes No Difference.
The work of photographing everything
worth while in a city the size of San
Francisco Is a task neither to be entered
upon lightly nor to be executed success
fully without the most careful planning.
The Camera Club has be*>n arranging for
Its accomplishment of yesterday for many
weeks. The citv was mapped out into
districts. The cleverest photographers in
the club were selected tor the work and
\u2666o each was allotted his share. This task
\u25a0 omaienced with daylight yesterday and
will be completed this afternoon.
There was quite a little fog early in the
Miss Jennie T. Mct*rle. Mrs. Annie II.
I»ml«-y in»— I,yon«). Miss Cora II. Herrlrk.
Miss Ida M. Perl, Mis* Josephine Downey,
Mix* Kttells Everett. Mir* Emma McL. Smith,
eon. Mls« Charlotte F. Hunt. Miss Putle' A.
Ward. Miss Johanna Barnlckel. Miss Elltabeth
ri'HullMan. Mir* ll»l-n M. - Rutherfottl. Mlrs
Mary Hrl«Tton. MIm Kate A. Humphrey. Mls«
Jennie U. Hinds.
Tho rtn^ueat of Ml*a Rebecca Ore«nan
to be reinstated es principal of the Taylor
School with f21'J0 back salary was placed
on file./
The Board nf Examination's recommen
dation that the following named be rec
ommended to the State Hoard of Educa
tion for grammar school life diplomas
was adopted:
The board elected Mlsse* Cora J. Rend.
Ocorgiana G. Hawkins, Mae O'Oonnell.
Emily Wlgnnd. Sar.i Allen. Kdlth K.
| Drowning. Reglna F. Cleary. Mary A. No
lan. Mary C. McCarthy and I/OuIr Fer
rari as teachers In the department. The
ten pedagogues named were successful In
; the recent written, oxaminatlon for posi
tions and will be udded'tn the eligible list.
O. Svhnee . representing the BunnyMdc
(Improvement' Club, addressed the board
In opposition to the selection of a lot on
Congo street, on the ground that It Is re
feet abovo grade. The lot selected was
\u25a0favored by a number of residents of 8un
nysl.jp. hut the board promised to take the
objection under advisement.
Notice of an amendment to the rule*
of the department wan given by striking
out the st-ctlon reading. "Whenever a fe
male teacher ( mnrrle» her position there
by becomes vacant." The amendment
will be adoDtM in accordance with an
opinion rendered by the City Attorney
that the rule Is invalid.
Teachers May Now Harry.
I have repeatedly tllr>>eted attention to the
crowded condition of the Crocker Uremmar
and Dudley stone primary schools and re
commended more than two years ago thtu ad
ditional Kchuol accommodutlons be provided for
thl.4 tilntrlct, whnne population was so rapidly
Jncreaxlng. lietween the Dudley Stone and
LAguna Honda schools another school building
will be eventually needed. The Jackson l«
supplying the present nevdt<. but the pupils
that attend that school, together with others
who would be In need of school accommoda
tions In that district, I believe will Justify the
Hoard of Education In acquiring proiwr • school
rarllltles In that neighborhood.
At the John Swett School. Mr. L.yser re
ported that over forty pupils had been denied
.ii!nil.-<rli.ii on account of Inefficient accom
niodut!on». The Dudley Stone Hchoo! win
found to be In excellent condition. Have that
the attendance In some claairs is too great
and many apnllcantu 'have been refused ad
mleslon. Additional accommodationa are
needed for this school. At the Horace Mann
and AgHHstz schools several classes were'over
crowded. This condition has since been reme
died by the Board of Education In transfer
ring pudIIk from the , AkihwU to the Halght.
Nevertheless ampler accommodation* -could be
utilized at both the Horace Mann and the
Agassis schools. A partial Inspection was
made of the Franklin Grammar School. The
enlargement of the yards of thin school, a most
needed Improvement. Is especially commended.
Attention is attain directed to the necessity of
Inntallincr many new desks In the Washington
School as Butwtllutes for old. rickety and 111
aulted ones now In u««\
Crowded Condition of Schools.
The Superintendent criticizes Principal
Lyser of the John Swett School, alleging
that he is somewhat erratic and insists
upon work which cannot be undertaken
without impairing efficiency in important
subjects. 'Ihe report says:
My examination of the time' allotted by the
course of Htudy to the \arloun subjects and
the time allotted by the principal of the Joh:i
tiwett School reveals great discrepancies. The
clartes In this school, as has been Indicated.
arj all full, the receiving classes having an
average daily attendance of forty-seven. Thj
Board of Education has instructed principals
no: to receive more pupils than there are desks
In a cIi-»k. tiome principals are receiving more
pupils than they have scat*. In this school
In some iiifttur.rf* oxtra c»hih have been put
In arvl more pupils than eectn, . IncludinK ex
tra beats, have been admitted.
In hi3 monthly report filed yesterday
with the Board of Education Superin
tendent Webster again directs attention
to the overcrowded condition of eomn
schools and urges that immediate steps
be taken to establish additional classes.
Webster recommends-ampler accommoda
tions in the Horace Mann, Agasslz, Hum
boldt. John Swett. Hamilton. Crocker,
Dudley Stone, Marshall and Crocker
schools. . . , „ -
Board of Education Elects
Ten More Teachers in
. Department.
Monthly Report Shows
Many Schools Are
Oveucrowded.
WEBSTER WANTS
MORE CLASSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20,; 1901.
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MR
brfb'AKS UP
OBSTINATE
COLDS
EXTERNAL evldoncs of a
Cold Is coughing, sneszing and
running at the noss. ••" : '\ .
INTERNAL effects of e more
serious : weak heart; J action,
labored respiration/ and Inac-
tivity or the bowels.
The use of Dp. Humphreys'
Spec.fic "77" awakens the
numbed vitals, starts the blood
coursing through the veins, re-
lieves the congestion, arouses
the sluggiRh liver, permits the
system to cleanse Itself— the
Cold is "broken up" and passes
off.
"At all drug-fists 28 cents, or mailed on receipt
of price. Doctor's Book mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Mediclnt Co., con
per •William and John sts... New York.
•VSTB3A.K: MEN !
DR. HALI/S nElNVlGOHA- WKKHKka\
TOn stops all los»i>s in 24 RaMJSI
hours. You feel the Improvement S^JHsaBMsH
from tho first done. We have so \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0SB
much confidence In our treatment I \u25a0
that we offer five hundred reward \u25a0\u25a0 HB
for any cane we cannot cure. This Wfl RRM
spcrrt rpni«dy cur^s KmlmiloDS. Ujul u£lfJ
Impotency, Vsrlcocele, •, Qonor- WM
rhora. Stricture*. Ule«t, Drains. tBSSB*SMBBl
Lost Manhood and all other wasting efttots of
Mlf-abusf or excesses. Bent sealed, |2 bottle:
3 bottles, |5; guaranteed to curt any case. Call
or address 1IAUVB MEDICAL. INBT1TUTK.
S8B Broadway, Oakland. Cal. . Also i tor sal* at
1073H 'Market st.. S. F. All private diseases
quickly cured. Send for free book. / - .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture
Cured Free
The Rice Method Is I'npnralleled In the
Annsls of Medical €uc:cs*es.
A Cheap Horn* Cure That Anyone Can Use
Without Pain. Fanfter or Lots cf
\ Time From Mee.->.
IS 8BNT FRBBTO ALL.
Out of the chnoK of old time failures com«g a
naw an<1 startlln* cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
Rice. 1236 N. Main St.. A<lami. N. Y.. has In-
vented a method that cures without pain, dan«
*V^^^KN^LvB^^K0?^mB^^3lma^wfisBaW sUBssr
MR. QHA9. LANGE, ,
Quickly Cured After €uffer|nft 18 Year*,
ger, operation or an hour's loea of time from
the day's work. To avoid all quutlona of doubt
he sends free to every sufTerer a free trial of
his method and there can he no earthly reason
why any, one, ' rich or poor, should not avail
thentMlws of. this generous offer. As an In-
stance of this remarkable method, the cure of
Charles Lanse, Morrison, Ills., Is a welcome
piece of Intelllwnce. ; • - .\u25a0 ,
Mr. Lanse Is a well preserved old sent leman.
72 years or age, and (or eighteen years had a
baa double rupture which no treatment could
cop* - with; After a short une of the Wee
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
right was almost. closed In a few weeks. To-
day he Is as sound as a dollar, and his cure la
only one of hundreds of -similar cases reported
by those who use the, KIce method. Send for
this fres trial. Don't be backward. It will sur-
prise you with-, its wonderful power ' to heal.
And If you know- of other ruptured people ask
them to write*, or 'write 'for them. ;: Do not' fall
to write at gncej do so to-day, v - ',*\u25a0>---
OBAPE-ytTTS.
FOOD CURL
Results In Change of Diet Are "Won-
derful.
"Good food, properly elected, will. In
my -opinion, care almost any ordinary dH-
>w. I want to tell you my experience
«.nd of my recovery by th«; selection of
: h«s proper diet. I am a buslnnss w|>man,
\u25a0 »»ry clos*'^ confined Indoors, with con-
"}«iraWe care and anxiety. Some time
<K<> 1 had a »«*vcre caj« of the Krlppe
Dd mtttr r»ico»crln»s from It had a eerl-
u* tim^ following, b» many people do.
"J »-a« una-blc to K«t well until I changed
Tiy Ol»-t. leavJnK off Mocha and Java cof-
Fec and ueing the Postum r'ood Coffee In
•k lilare. and takinic «P Grape-Nuts
.reakfr.j!t food. This winter I have jfiven
wrth a fair and continued trial and the re-
Kdts .*m- fup«rb. I am re*tored to per-
f'-ct h'a^lth and strength, and as you
i;ilm. I have a 'reserve force' bodily and
mentally-, that carries me through many
nard place*.
"I cannot praise the food too much, for
»t %SII, if used eteadlly. cure all disturb-
ances *,t th^ Ryatem cauned by the con-
ic*\u25a0^•tlon^ la fixlppe Is answerable for. A
<iiah that contains the moit oowcrful re-
!>ulldir!K fcl^ment*, can be made as fol-
iowb: Hot milk brourht to a boll, break
<n two fr*-sh < i-T.f and aaxoon as the *-kk«
fe<-t. iK.ur the iK.illnK mnk and ejgs over
t-'isif-. <irape-Nuts In a soup dlfch. No
*\u25a0: h ••.*\u25a0\u25a0>•' cf meat can be xo good.
"£ ust Grape-Sum In this way every
moinlnf? and hav* no sense of lack of food
oil day. I have kept well and remark-
j >Ay free from caMt all winter, which I
! i tribute to a fine condition of health.
L i-i ought about by the use of the famouit
' f <i94 and of Poitum Food Coffee." (Grapc-
Nuu are perfectly cooked at factory and
are usually served cold, with a little
cream or milk.) Mra. C 8. Woodward,
24 Grenada *y, 6t. Augustine, Fla. . (
Jmr 18J*^ Value for Value, You'll Always Have the Lesser!
Vy/Sjyf^sf^Btr^sBSsKMlW* /j^^Stf^^^^A •
Jks$^¥^MB3sMl ffgagBll^k This is no corporation whera there are from five to one I
:^^?#f J^^E^/ftflfe hundred people interested. Each one must get good interest^
jBKL if, ' for his money invested, otherwise he would not want any shares. \u25a0
»^Blir <• ; ' * ' *° wl^ * nls *' ore ' There is only one party interested, \u25a0
/**^8Slt^? : • $<\u25a0 therefore we can sell with small profit I «
lfi^feiJi^ v M ACCURACY OUR CONSTANT AIM- NOT HOW CHEAP, BUT HOW GOOD. I
I LADIES' HOSE. l&& Bought at 65c on the \u25a0
Jcf^V^^SsK^k2iu/. M . s\\ 265 pairs LADIES' HOSE, made of /nJ&£%. pie line oT" 6 LADES' I
f . .0\'^M , the best lisle thread, come In this sea- '^^ WAISTS, comprising \u25a0
1 «\u25a0 afs^PTV^K'' «v\'MJb^bW Bon's newest openwork lac« effects— taffeta silk, peau da 30ie,B
1^^ t liWa^saf nve patterns to choose from — double /\\m\ all-wool French flannel. M
wUNKI JVLJ^^i^V heels and toes— full finish— a wonder /^ YvV^A also all-wool Botany \u25a0"
T'^^T fcr tho mone y 25c / A \\|jij cloth, made In this sea-M
jrSmmJmBm Ask to see our Children's everlasting \W a ?°£V£Z it'tZl SlnuM '
8C ' 100^ stockings at 25c a pair. | f f^mL \ f acturer Is withheld, as B
OUR COMPETITORS WONDER WHY WE U . 1/ S? p'SShSSf. er b t u? d oJel
JW f tXM I ceil en nucin lUCU/CD • U " / thing we can say— theyB •
MM \^9f!W OlLL OU LntAr — AnoilCn • M r are the most perfect flt-M
it • • It Is better for us to sell 100 *ar- T *f r / n JL fl 2S? t 11 - 1 j5Si*|? 1 JJ* 1 /*!,. e "B 5
If A STORY OF MORE THAN PASSIN6 SHvWnWSS fa i^S Bl MtSS, >i al
INTEREST TO THOSE NEEDING CORSETS J lwa^ ° b n u^ f the reaaons why we " 9 a few of the many. 1 :
Stcut Women, Attention. LADIES' DRAWERS. -sjfc^ LApiES' BLACK ALL-SILK TAF- i
„. . ,' . . , „>,,„ made of the best soft ISz^H FETA WAIST, tucked back and front
. w e have just received a new ship- blenched muslin. finished C^^t *l.f>8
Tf^STRA^HT^RONT CORSET" wlth a deeD nem " \ 1 p UDI|8' FIGURED FLA^NeS
TARY 8TRAIGHT1ROM tORSM. stitched flounce, open or y I ETTE WAIST 750
They are mart*- of tho very finest im- c)ose< j y our op p Or . -jff^.S^iK LADIES' ALL-WOOL BOTANY
R?«^riS at M»^ tt p w 8 htlo CI ?h c V 'i^ brace the tunlt >' -l»c CLOTH WAIST, trimmed with m^tal \u25a0
tempered steel, while « h ''> Mr bra^ f , tn l^ And still another, the same qualitv buttons gl.75
'^\^^^i r^ir^t^r& "^^^'^.Uiu^^^th^l^g, And many otlaers. ** T *
If you have your corsets made to order "> l^""*'*/"***" *""«.".«" «i'«"ifJ»« If /ou are looking for poorly and cheaply
and pay $15 .wo guarantee we will A PRIZE-WINNER IN OUR RIBBON made, these are not ; but if you are loot-
ffi Se for ATJoJ'biA^ta 55 DEPARTMENT. » for the < tr > ?"•' and 1/lB beat - tAt «' :
one" fr°e r e Se includin/a yard^S A LUCKY PURCHASE of ours from '*" *"' uppu^.p \u25a0 \
evlrla-tlng moffcorsellace. If you a RETIRING MERCHANT-20 boxes NECKWEAR.
wear this corset once, you'd be willing of black velvet ribbon— linen back— That Is what we make _^. • 1
to pay 3 times the price w« as«k full nap. It Is the beat French ribbon a specialty of. Every G^fk.
£."5.U5 made. (j a y we are receiving XtSmtS
_ . , . ,. .. \u25a0_ Width V/k— 10 yards to a piece. .17'/4c novelties from Eastern F3aS96L
If your Corset does not fit you. there 1' width 1 1-3—10 yards to a piece. 224c and European markets. lSs9
a small chance of your dress fitting. Width No. 2— 10 yards to a plece.30c Tho new QUEEN V-S35
Eum&sSifiuB .Jr. hose supporter. hrfasL S wn
corset, made of three strips /L_f* A Frisco Woman's Invention and we , ° W3 Xl finished wltn • /
of wide English twill tape; /j2|S^iI can bo proud of it because It Is a hL nun of PfJnch
the kind that will not [*>SAn good one. -titcnine- co?ors c?eam Dink blup \u25a0
Htretrh: K<>od. oxtra strong \Mffl\J It Is called the FOSTER HOSE " d tfa c 'k and fevendt?' A novpltv'll
cluster of bones ut the \3f|K SUPPORTER, made with a wide vet a wonde^for thl nrice -fifeS
side and back; rust proof fSs^\ eateen pad; this supporter Is the only yet a wonder ror the puce oOc|
irunt steelx;'a model cor- ',• | hose supporter that curves the back uniiu 1 uiiut unnii iiunrnuirm 1
.set: colors, pink. blue. in at the waist line, giving the wearer YOU LL WANT WARM UNDCnWEAR \
white and black; must be seen to be the new erect position. It has four - - cnnii \u25a0
appreciated. Our way of soiling elastic bands attached to the pad five * OUUNt 9
A l.OO Inches wide and four inches long, .^ • 1 ...*.\u25a0» j __W
...,„ ...... 1Iinc OTflllT lined with a fine white English silesll a^tt'ifiSt a^d a t£%d onVto^^ \u25a0
THIN PEOPLE MADE STOUT It Is the only supporter vrith a pad de £JglES' VESTS I madW XX 9
By wearing the now Melba Bust or ScT 'cSS: E^lkn cotton fl«ece"llSS. JerSJl
dfcM form It l» designed t., be worn SJrt'^Td ye" B im P rov f W the OkS™ ribbed - neck finished with crocheted \u25a0
with a cr.r^ot. but \u25a0•an also be worn ™ rl £"£ e >et lm P rovln^» lne n 5- u^; edge, run through with a tape. hlghB
without If *<> desired; made of white V „"«._„"« J' 1", '.Vi ,r.».'.p.«" a«..V«p.U' neck - lf>n^ sleeves; colors, pink andB
summer netting Pink. blue, white and ANOTHER COOL WEATHER COMFORT, blue; also pants to match, ankle \u25a0 ;
black nateen. Why not have a perfect ,'"," ,p,nPBnftwv wwmiwin. ]enpth _ the y Iook a3 rich as silk orB
form- for a little nrice like thla...SOc EIDERDOWN woo l vests: they are worth doable theH
Sale at O'Farre'll street entrance. JiS t K S""thJ8 season Tf i price we are """'•-SOc a rarmentM ,
r $1.00 INSTEAD OF $1.50. ?.?/» & T£ e ooi °c f rinK /^fev 50c INSTEAD OF $1.00. I
INDIES' UNDERSKIRT, made of eiderdown— deep sailor I A-HNS 210 LADIES* WHITE SKIRTS, made!
pxtra tint- black mercerlrod sateen— collar. applhiued. also V\J-' tAj^' of extra strong 1 soft bleached muslin.M
*inished with an 8-lnch accordion trimmed with satin, tailor \fc;Jl[ finished with a hemstitched flounce six \u25a0
itleated flounce— 8 rows of white tailor stitched, new Bleeves— J\ "* inches deep: also dust ruffle. ReadH
around the bottom— full !>erfect fitting— colors. » » an( j think. Our sale price only..oOcB
T^d-^ice^n tonUT^titloo Au&a fl^.^%3SS!S toto o ' Farr<!U 8trect entrance ' I
RI6HT IN THE NICK OF TIME FOR . THERE IS ONE BEST OF EVERYTHING, BUCKLES, I
TUC Ml (1 WFATUFR And ***'» It /«• Which are In bo JZ&m
I fiH uULU ffCHIIltrit ;,,.»..,.;,.w»..y,M^«. c/?onc#c gr^at a demand fifi^t,*r.»^.. W«g s»
IwVDlKS' FLANNELETTE GOWNS J"** """** a new lot of th* SCROSIS. now§ just recelve d I
-Made of the be,t striped flannelette. It is the name of the best ladles' glove by express, tha SMKHSRl
double voke back and front, turnover that Is made-for fit and wear It has newest designs. Yragr \u25a0
collnr-full lenjcthMiml wl.lth. I-arge no equal. It is. made of picked lamb- They come In rose XW \u25a0
variety of colorings to choose from. «kln— pique sewed— patent two-clasp gold, plain sold T^ \u25a0
You cannot buy the flnnnelette for the fasteners. Comes In all the new fall and lYench eray. \u25a0
orlco we usk for the garment complete shades. We are convinced if you wear In all the newest Parisian styles. SorneB
y 30c these gloves once you are sure to wear are ornamented with frogs, others with \u25a0
iiORE COLO WEATHER COMFORTS. &°K^S.^^:S3£a S35«S?^S«1
I ra .^ D iSi,S H iffi T .trtOTS^ mr DnOCUDCDO 816 MARKET STREET, I
I fH-lKhed with a soallnp of silk cm- I m KIIXr*lllKrKI« » • t *.*\u2666«.«\u25a0 .. I
\u25a0 broidery— French band with a draw- slwln llUlJLillUsLlllj Running through to ft 0 Far nil, \u25a0
I :S2S$a«S S^ijffi^SSSK '• Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. I
» >
THE NEW LAMBERT INDESTRUCTIBLE RECORD
• ...jrUr...«
PHONOGRAPH or ORAPHOPHONE.
\ ' - A ' copy 'of THESE: CELEBRATED B A BY PICTURES. .' In ' ' colors" resembling
closely R fine water color and very beautiful when '"framed," will bo presented to
every purchaser of a Lambert Record/which are the best you ever heard and will
not break or crack. Price. 60c. ' . •• ., ' -A - . <: - • i \
KOHLBR & CHASE, ; 2S-3O O^Farrcll St<The woman's .suffrage convention met
yesterday for Its concluding: sessions ln
Yosemlte Hall, Native Sons' building. An
election of officers, reading of papers and
a passing of resolutions were the labors
of the day.
The following officers will represent the
society during the ensuing year:-
Mrs. A. R. Wood of Alameda, president:
Mrs. K. O. Smith of San Jose, first vice presi
dent; Mrs. Austin Sperry of San Francisco,
second vice president: Mrs. Anna K. Hldwell.
Chlco. third vice president; Mrs.'M. Chapman
of Alanaeda. recording secretary: Miss Carrie
A. Whelan of Oakland, corresponding secre
tary; Miss Clara M. Schlingheyde of 8an
Francisco, treasurer; Mrs. William K<*ith,
Berkeley, and Mrs. A. I.. Corbert. Palo Alto,
auditors.
The committee on resolutions presented
the following- resolutions, which were
adopted:
Be it resolved:
First. That we hereby reaffirm and declare
our steadfast belief and adherence to the
principles for which we contend— equal rights
lor all citizens and the extension to wom<*r. of
the rights and privileges of active American
citizenship on the same terms as men.
Secondly. That we gratefully acknowledge
'he untiring lubors of our president, Mrs. A.
11. Wood, and of our entire State board, and
that we congratulate our organization on be
ing able ,U» retain their service for the com
ing year. 15« It further
Resolved. That I lie thanks of this body be
extended to the city pre?» for ' its friendly
notice and to the i»«th throughout the Slat*
for its efficient aid In <»ur work and education
and we hereby bespeak a continuance of th-
aatne and to all friends who have klcdly
lent their presence and aid tn the convention
we tender our hearty thanks.
Decide to Have an Organizer.
At the mornUig session it was decided
to obtain necessary money to put an en
ergetic organizer In the field. The work
will be toward the securing of sufficient
revenue to renew the light for suffrage
made in 1S96. 1'ledges for $:00 per nit \u25a0 nth
to cover the expenses of the organization
were asked for.
A vol.; of thanks was. tendered Mrs.
Reuben Mastick and Xl'.ts Carrie YVhelan
for. their helpful work during the year.
Durlnfj the afternoon session Dr. Sarah
Elliot *pnk»» of polygamy, ln the course
of her address she read a letter from
Senator Wmunds which urged the aboli
tion of polygamy. Mi*. Klllot had peti
tions to «-i iut to Congress for an amend
ment to the constitution abolishing po
lygamy, ln the corrse of her address she
Fuld:
The teachings of polygamy have brought
about surh degradation that a woman who Is
the clxth wife of a man feels no »hanu be
\u25a0\u25a0au«e of her condition. Ttwy seem absolutely
indifferent to their condition.
' Mrs. Solomons was the next speaker.
In sarcastic phras««- she ridiculed man's
attempt to keep woman from the Lallot.
Heroic Fight in Germany.
Austin I-owIs was nc-xt on tho pro
gramme. He raid:
In regard to woman's suffrac? Grrat Britain
and the Tntted States axe mil ln the lead,
but the mom h«rolc flfbt U In Germany. Why.
It Is hard to say. There In Junt a probability
that ihf woman's sufTrn** will be a dominant
Issue In all count rlrn. Never has there been
such an organizing aa amons women. The
people who do tho work get tha power and
tbe women are getting more power Into thetr
hands and making themselves a necessity In
organization.
There are no places where families are bet
ter cared for than In those where women are
on an equalltr with men. We had a great
strike In San Francisco. It Inflicted much
suffering and the 'non-combatants — the chil
dren — were forced to th* greatest misery.
These men will take five years to reach their
old positions.
Mrs. J. "W. Orr spoke on organization.
Organization had n value closely related
to suffrage. sh<? natd. and followed cut this
Idea to the en<l. .She suggested organisa
tion and combination ol women for their
ov.-rv protection, politically and economic
ally.
Albert Klllott took It upon himself to
pl*Klge President Roosevelt to the cause.
and mentioned the name of Sacretary
Iiong as an arrlcnt supporter of It. He
then talked about citizenship.
Miss I-ambrrt. a younj colored woman,
rend a papor on woman's natural right
to the ballot.
Mrs. Dr. Condlt. •who lately arrived from
the Philippines, said rhe came as a con
vert.
The convention then adjourned.
Several Resolutions Adopted
and Officers Are
Elected.
Woman's Suffrage Con
l vention Finishes Its
. Labors.
WILL STRUGGLE
FOR THE BALLOT
SERMONS BASED
ON MANY THEMES
From the Pulpits Topics
of the Day Will Be
Discussed.
Pastors Prepare to Preach in
Churches, Missions
and Halls. .
The following events are scheduled for
to-day In the city's churches:
In the morning at St. Ignatius Church, Rev.
Father Joseph Mulligan will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass. Rev. Father Ca : zla will
deliver the cermon ln the evening after vesper*.
A sermon will be preached by one of th<
pastors at the 11 o'clock mass in the mornlni
at St. Mary's (Paullst) Church. Vespers an«
a sermon will conclude the serviced In tin
evening.
"Yet There Is Room," Is the theme of th«
sermon to be preached this morning by th«
pastor at the California Street Methodist Epis
copal Church. "What Keeps Men From Ood"
In the subject to be preached In the evening.
Kev. F. A. Keast, pastor of the Bpwortfc
Methodist Episcopal Church, will preach or
"The Mouse Beautiful" ln the morning. Th<
evening subject will be "Jesus, the Light ol
the World and the Light of Life."
The morning subject, "Childhood am
Church, ' will be the subject of discourse ai
the lirst Methodist Episcopal Church. Tin
evening subject Is "How May 1 Know That 1
Am a Christian?"
itev. Milton I). Buck of the Trinity Methodisi
EHHcopnl Church will preach the morning ant
evening nermons. "The L"ure for Worry" am
"character." •
"The Influence and Kvaneellzatlun of tin
Ureat Cities" will be reviewed by the |ia»tor ai
the Central Methodist Kpiscupal Church. Tu<
evening topic is "A Frank Question."
Hev. John Stephens of the Slmpnon Memorla
Methodist Kpiecopa I Church will preach tn:t
morning on "The Marvelous Work." ln tin
evening on "An AU-tmputtant Factor in MuK
ins Character."
The morning subject. "Prophetic Advice."
will be preacht-a upon by Rev. r\ W. Uoy.l,
pastor of the Richmond MethouUt Kplscopa
i.'hurch. The evening nubjeu will be. "Tu«
QiifHtlon of the Hour."
llev. John A. H. Wilson, pastor of Howart
•Street MethtxiUt UplKcopal Church, will preset
U>th xerinons, "Hooks Opened" unJ "Perfec
tlonWhy Not?"
' At the First Buutlxt Church Rev. E. A
Woods will preach both sermons, morning nub
Ject. "Christianity Unlike Other Kellglon*.'
evenlng aubject, "Why Have We Four Uos
'Probation After Death" la the subject of
dlicunslon at the Klret Church of Christ.
nev. George C. Adams of the Flmt Congre
sntlonal Churrh will preach this morning tin
••HlehopV in the evening on '"If Any Man
Thirst."
Kev." William Rader will preach the mornlnic
and evening sermons at the ThlrU CongreK*.
tlonal Church. Morning subject. "The lunup.
pointed." evening sub.teet. ••The Mathematics
of a Klght Start."
"<Jod'» Cure for Moral Dlnrajte" and "Rightly
Directed Zeal" are to-day's subjects to b*
preached by the nev. John Hemphlll of the
Calvary Presbyterian Churrh.
Kev. H. II. Bell of the First United Presby.
terlan Church will preach this morning on "The
I'hriNlInn'* Matchless i'oxsenslon" and In th»
evening on "MVpnibothetii."
nev. Bradford f>*avltt will preach the morn.
Ing sermon. "Klljah." at the Klrst Unltarlnn
Church.
Itcv. K. W. Fischer of the Kmanuel Evan
gellcal Church will preach both morning and
evening on '"Christ's Prayer for Ills Church"
and "Nearer lo Christ." *
Bishop Talbot of Central Pennsylvania will
preach this morning at St. Peter's Church.
Rev. Dr. Revertly Bstlll will preach In the
evenlns.
General O. O. Howard will be the speaker
at the masr-meetlng for men at the Young
Men's Chrlxtlan Association this afternoon at
3 o'clock. Social music by a male quartet.
Rev. Oarence Krnest Ball of Washington D.
C, will deliver a sermon this mormiur at 11
o'clock at the Cathedral Mlnalon. Second and
Folsom streets. In the evening, at 7:«S o'clock
Rev. Dr. Carl Grammar of Virginia will preach.
nulment of the marriage.' The case was
continued for two week.* to see If he
would carry out his promises. Mrs. Cross
fainted In court and had to be carried
\u25a0 Into the Judge's chambers.
MONTICEUX) CLUB ' - : %*
HOLDS RECEFTION
Prof. J. W. Griffith of Heald's Business
College has Just completed a beautiful
penwork album soon to be sent to Mrs.
McKlnley at Canton. It is a memorial sa
cred to the late President, and consists of
resolutions framed by the S. F. Planing
Mill Owners' Association. The work is
very artistic and Is beautifully engrossed
and mounted with heavy morocco binding.
There's Always Something New
In tints and shapes in our stock of writ-
Ing papers. We have Just received some
new shipments that are far prettier and
smarter than have ever "come out" be
fore. The prices are not a bit higher
Sanborn. Valt & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Drink Kills a Business Man.
"John Day. a salesman, who was taken
on October 14 to tbe Central Emergency
HospitRl. thence to St. Luke's Hospital,
died In that institution yesterday morn-
Ing. . lie had been on a protracted spree
and succumbed to alcoholism. He was
only X years old.
The Montlcello Club was to have enter
tained General "Jim" Smith last evening
and great preparations were made to re
ceive the soldier-judge. Sickness in his
family, however, called the general to
Cloverdale and the reception arranged ln
his honor was held without him.
The programme, musical and otherwise,
was carried out with political extensions
and continued until a late hour. A num
ber of the candidates for office at the
coming election dropping In during the
evening, reported progress ln their cam
paign work and received friendly encour
agement and advice from the members of
the club. Joseph Sadoc Tobin entered dur
lng the evening and made a few remarks
to the club and Its guests.
Sickness.
General "Jim" Smith Is TJnabl* to
Attend Owing to Family
Order of Fendo.
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Pendo held an open meeting Friday night.
It w.i9 a sort of house-warming to cele
brate the occupation of new quarters In
the Odd Fellows' building. Nearly all the
members of tne council were present, and
there were many strangers ln attendance
to enjoy the musical arid literary pro
gramme, the dancing and the collation.
During the evening the audience was a<I
drcj«sed by Supreme Councilor Tugwell.
Supreme Treasurer Stanley and Supreme
Secretary Oudrn.
CROSS EXPERIENCES
U CHANGE OF HEABT
Promises to Withdraw Suit for An
nulment of His Marriage and
Support Wife.
The case of George H. Cross, grocer.
119 Taylor street, charged with failure to
provide for his wife and child, was oallel
In Judge Conlan'* court yesterday. Cross
was married by Justice of the Peace
c;roezlng«T late on the night of July 10 to
Ix>retta Newbert. He brought suit for the
annulment of the marriage on the ground
of duress, and his wife had' him arrested
for failure to provide, a child having been
born In Aucuat last. \u25a0 \
Cross hn«J evidently experienced a
change «f heart, us he admitted In court
yesterday that Mrs. Cross was his wife
and the infant was his child. He promised
to live with hta wife and support her and
their child and withdraw the suit for an-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
Miss Briggs was the sister-in-law of Pro
f»psor Moees of the Philippine Commis
sion. She in handsome and accomplished,
excelling especially in music. Mr. Put
nam has large vineyard Interests In
Warm Springs and is the brother of Os
good Putnam.
Reed. Miss Julia Reed, M!s« Carrie Richardson.
Mrs. John Jay Scoville. Mrs. A. A. Sargent.
Mrs. Charles 1L Suydam. Mrs. Peter B.
Simons. Mrs. Frank C. Selfrtdge. Mrs. Kdward
Selfridge. MJs» Stow. Misa G. G. Smith. -
Miss Tolman. Mrs. Henry R- Taylor. Mrs.
Samuel H. Tugi?Ie. Mrs. J. J. Tully.
Miss Marie Voorhies, MIfs Mary Very.
Mrs. C. A. Warren. Miss Whitney. Mn. M.
A. Win*. Mrs. Fred Woodworth. Mrs. W.
Spencer Wood. Mrs. Mary A. Wardwell. Mn.
Fnuik V. Wright. Mrs. A. A. Wardwell. MIm
Wfcf-elock. .Miss Wood. Miss C. A. Ward.
Mr*. K. S. Teraans.
Her. l>r. Dintmore, William McClure, Edwin
B^>nnell.- Colonel J. C. Currier. Wellington C.
Burnett. I>anlel Cleveland. Major William H.
Hooper. T. Worthlnrton Hubbard. Almarin B.
' Paul. Mark Shel&in. Jl. E. Mathews. Irving
F. Moulton. Byron Mauzy. T. A. Perkins G.
E. Channing. W. B. Rastln. Mr. Paxkhurst.
Bdward U Perley. William Cralr. T. S. Barker.
Oiles II. Gray. Kobert Hauxhurst. L^eter Bur
nett. John Is. Bromley. Luclu* A. Booth, Kd
ward R. Chever and Samuel Holladay.
I never caw a prettier wedding—pret
tiest on account of its extreme simplicity
ami beautiful surroundings — than that of
! Miss Eleanor Briggs and Edward Put
nam, solemnized yesterday afternoon at
the picturesque little Swedenborgian
church out on Broderlck street, between
Jackson and Washington.
I do not believe I have ever Been a
prtttler, more artistic room than the one
that Is really the church proper. There
is a great fireplace in the rear; the eeU-
I ing- is low and beamed, and instead of
pews there are rows of most picturesque
cane bottomed colonial chairs.
The wedding service was perfectly
"dear." There was no music ana no bri
dal party. The happy couple walked side
by side down the center aisle to the plat
form, where the bride's father, the Rov.
Mr. BriBKs. met them and pronounced the
solemn words that made them one. There
was not a dry eye in the church when
i the father pronounced them huaband an<l
; wife and the groom took his bride in a
! fond, tender embrace and. calling her
I "wife," pressed a lingering kiss upon her
! "PS.
I never attested a more pleasant affair t J
than tbe tea plven yesterday aft«lTioon
by Mae Colburn ln honor of pretty Polly ! j
Dcnr- Miss Colburn proved to be a most j :
<5eUpbtfnl hostess, and I tell you there i •
\u25a0were no dull moments at the Colburn j :
hoi^e betweea the hours of 4 and 7.
Sevoa girls helped Miss Colburn pour .
tea, and each one of the girl? was a I
beauty. They Trere Miss Bernle Bruce. :
Mrs. Henry E. Dutton, Miss Marie Voor
bies. Miss Elizabeth Cole. Miss Maud
Mulllns. Miss Jessie Fillmore and Miss
Tfce men showed up beautifully, and
really the amount of attention they re- ;
ceived ought to encourage all members
cf the ftemer eex to appear more Ire- |
<l«eatlj- at afternoon functions. Dr. Col- ;
lins, the handsome young surgeon from
rhe Presidio, was the beau of the after
noon. If I would I could a tale unfold I
that would tell of fair maids stealing pre- ;
oious hours from their downy couches to .
cuddle together and discuss the doctor. ;
I saw some mighty pretty gowns at the
tea. I consider that Polly Dunn never
looked prettier than she did yesterday in
her light blue crape gown covered with
exquisite -white applique.
Mae Colburn looked etunning Jn a white
crepe de chine gown. Her duchesse lace
collar was worth a small fortune.
Marie Voorhies' gown, a most becoming- I
one, by the way. was a pale blue crepe
\u25a0with a* joke of applique.
Jessie Fitlniore looked very lovely In a
dainty gown of white point d'esprit.
Pearl Landers was perfectly charming
ln a pale blue cloth calling gown and a I
fetching blue hat. i
Mila Laily was a picture in her bright
red gown ar.d red hat-
Delia Mills' gown wag of silk, with a ,
Persian rffect, and was very chic and <
modish.
I thought Mirle "U'ells wa." a picture ln
her dark b'.ue, perfect fitting tailor euit I
*nd a stunning pale blue hat with a pale |
b'ue plume.
Mrs. George Carr's go,wn was a very ef- '
lecuve cne — a black spangled net with a '
dash of pink at the neck. Her hat, a ;
p!nk one vtbf a beauty.
Mrs Hcr.ry Dctton wore a mas:mn>ent
Imported sown of pale pink crepe, with a
yoke of lace-
I consider that Mrs. Linda Bryan was
*he most stunning woman at the tea. She
was a Glbfon picture ln her gown of old
bluet brocade, trimmed with velvet. Her
hat wmm till gray, a b!sr picture affair,
covered -with nodding plumes. A large
gray muff lent the finishing touch to her
attlrt.
Or. November 17 Polly Dunn and ills*
CMborn sail for Honolulu. Miss Dunn and
Mr. ila^fariane will be married on De
cember \u2666 Miss Colburn is to stay on in
Hcnoluiu (or a long visit with Mi?s Irma
ganJe Macfarlan*.
• • •
It «a» a r^ry swell assemblage that
gathers at the Sorosis Club rooms yef-
K?rday afternoon to attend the annual re
ception of S*Hjuoia Chapter, Daughters of
tut American P^evolution. Several hun
dred irvJta.tIong had been Issued, and re
gret* •were few and far between.
J thought the rooms of the pretty club
boose never looked so beautiful as they
did, nunz with handsome banners and
with kt(h\ bunches of roflffS occupying
*-verj avaiiaJjle niche and corner. Yeeter
day was the anniversary of the battle of
Ycrktown, an.J that memorable victory
v/as more than once proudly alluded to
b> those whose ancestors fought and per
beps fell in that la«t great battle of tb«
Jlevo)ution. 7*he following named \»A.'o*
«.'T-te<J as a reception committee:
Mr* C T. Mills. Mr*. John F. fiwlft. Mra.
William Alvord, VLn. Adolphus 8. Hubbard.
Mr» H»nr>- Wctberbee. Mm. William A»h
twmer. Mrs. Irvlnij T. Moulton. Mis* O»rtru<Je
A Burrutt, Mln Eliz^r^th M. Jone*. Mm.
Geori?% P. TTiarrton. Mrs. Henry H. Mayhew
and Mrs. CharJes V.'. Moor^s.
Mrs. Mills d?livered a niott appropriate
a<"dr«!8. There was no »et programme In
th=. afternoon, but every one called upon
c'.d hfT best to entertain the chapter's
pr.<*ts.
Mrs. John T. Dare pave a piano solo.
There was a \-ocal solo by Mrs. Cade
na«6O, and an Instrumental trio, with
Ilse Clement at the piano, Mr». Grant In
charge »jf the violin and It. Mcl>ean the
cello.
Among those present were the following
xjf»mc-d:
Mrs. "vVJnsloTr AnflerHon. Mis* Alexander,
Mrs. GeorB<! F. Bowmau, Mrm. Blakeman. Mm.
TVelHnRton C Burnett. Mr*. William T. I»ac
p»tt, Mir. R. K. I>ach. Mm. Georxe Bamtow,
Mre- Char1«-«i K. Huncroft, Urn. John Bakewell,
Mr> Arthur ItolOzig, ,Mr>. VAkht 3. Bowec,
Mru. F. nfjrninsc. Mm. O. E. Hilling*. Mrs.
Jetr*r*oa It. jvJt'm. In. Charlotte Blake
Brown. l>\ Adelaide Brown. Mir* Anna
ji'B.'.'r. J!:-f Bullook. Mlra Babtion. i.'Arn K.
!/ nucklnsham. Mine Et-elyn Buntlnr Mlu
Burnett, MIpk M. A. HHer, iirr.. Itabcock.
Mrs. Walter C Campbell, Mr«. Crux, Mn.
Arthur I>. Crofe. Mr». George A. Carter, Mn.
J. W. Conner, Mm. Crook. Mr«. M. Cralr,
Mn. W. II. Clary, Mrs. Cadenajwo, Mlu Cat
lln. itlr.a Harriet Currier. MIfs Alice Chlp-
BHML
Mrs. John T. Dare. Mm. nenry 1* Urxlire,
Mr*. J< T.r-rtx.n T. Dlll«, Mrs. Dlcklnion.
Mm. Everts.
Mr*. C. W. Fa ream, Mr*. P. II. Flood, Mrm.
M. A. J?"arra»-.
Mn. J>. W. C. Gaeklll. Mrs. Gllaa H. Grar,
Mr». Gray. lln. P. B. Gooflloe. Mrs. William
O. Gould. Mrs. David Oege. Mn. FrmncerH.
Gray. Mlrs Anna Gray.
MIm Mary JI«nder«on. Mlu Mar N. Hoyt.
Mlrs Peerl Jlobart. Mn. II. A. Hadfer.
Mre. JSyron Jackson, Mian Marcaret Jones.
Mrs. George A. Knight. Mn. M. B. Kellon,
Mn. Charl'H W. Kellorv, Mn. Charles M.
'ii—-nr-y. Mrs. Geonre Kutz, Mn. Kaufman,
Jlre. K. II. Keith. Mis* Flora, C. Kendall.
Mrs. Anna. I>ea, from De.la.war*.
lliet Mityhew. Mlct Sadie Mayhew, Hit Wil
liam H. Mllle. Miu ArdHla M11U, Mn. J. H.
Maddux. Mn. Arthur W04 Moore. Mn. O. E.
Mayhew. Mn. Georga Murdock, Mlas McElrath,
lwlrr. Morris.
Mre. F. I>. NIcoL
Mrs. Upward OreraCker, Mn. C T. OarooA,
lin. E. R. O-tooi.
MIm Poet. Mlu Urzla Painter, MIm Pnoebt
Mias Hue Porter, Mrs. Eamuei O. 1»
Potter. Mlu Patch.
Mrs AJhar* i. M«l»rt ****. Mmmmam SMB i
By Sally Sharp.
PRETTY GIRLS POUR THE
TEA FOR MISS COLBURN
22
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .. 1Juuwuvuvuwinn^ J^^
| CITY OF^fe PARIS I
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
I TfiilLDREN'S 1
I PARISIAN NOVELTIES. I
j JACKETS AND RAGLANS. I
"o Stylish effects in new creations* ft
I WOOLEN AND SILK DRESSES. I
§ Castors, browns and reds are in favor* S
1 HATS AND BONNETS. 1
§ A choice selection in smart effects. «
I INFANTS' WEAR. 1
g Complete line of hand-made layettes. &
1 INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S DEPARTMENT |
g SECOND FLOOR. |
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY. 1
•v SE. Comer Geuy and Stcektoa Streets, S&a Fr^noirco. §
!§ UNION SQUARE. §
•sj Mail and Express Orders Receire Immediate Attention' <5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- \u25a0
Sore ThroatT^^^
WPains in Chest, Rheumatisnv^^v
\^ancl Catarrh or for anything of a^^v
>^^ike nature— -Halpruner's is what n|^
want and HaljDruner's will curem
I/// you if you will take it conscientiously^,
/jwand regularly according to directions- \|a
j (II For a cold in the head it will give immediate relief and cure permanently in less I 1 »
j // • than one day. , 11
I I For sore throat rub Halprun*r's orj the throat and take a little internally — keep up the !\
I rubb ng and soon the throat is w?H.
I I For pains in the chest rub in Halpruner's. -
\\ \ l Jr rneumatisni ti^ e internally to remove the cause — rub it on the aching parts to
\ H 'P a'l pain. , \ • j
V\l F r catarrh inhale the vapir and take it internally, I //
UVy But don't expect an instant cure in cases of long standing rheumatism and catarrh — ///''
vM\ is a wonderfif medicine, but it can't perform miracles, and no sensible per- ////[
X\\\ en ought to expsct i 1 . Ha pruner's will cure ycu because it is compounded in the /ml
Y^\ right mannrr and of ".he right ingie.li?nts tocure, but give it a fair trial—^that's all. ////]
, Vv\\ There never was a medicine made so pure and so effective as Halpruner's, //Iff
Vs\\ and because it is so made. is why it cures so thoroughly. I I///
li the druggUt tries to ta'k you out of getting Halpruner's go to the /M//
drugstore that wi I giv* vcu what yoj ask for. The dollar size rfy//
\^oSk contains tlree times ih ' % qu.ini v of the 50: siz». My/s
TRIAL TREATMENT FREE. j////
>^^S^ Dr., Ha. primer will give trill trcalm^nt free to suf-
ferers from 2 to 5 p. m. at his iffi:e at 28 y^%/^
California St., every day except Sat-^^S^^"'^
urday'and Sunday.
(fff What People Say Who Have Tried It: I 1
I I have »uffere<l with rheumatic pains Or. Halr>run»r's Won.lerful Pain He- «i h ave been afflicted with chronta
J for some lime and after havlns received mov*r actrd Ilk^ inaelc on mv to ?! h - catarrh for many years. 1 have traveled
/ i compound fratture of tho Ipc suffered -ch t " nd l " ?u , r I al ,« r "• II na ? •'•<>*»«•» all over Europe, part of Asia and
I < tompuuna iratiur« oi tne ipr sunerea ||)e lniltan , nlitf ln cases of son throat Africa 1 have taken many remedies,
', con»l<Vrubly. I found Ur. Halpruner s and , c y^ r tuUy recommend It. and without^ avail butslnc*^1 havi
? Wonderful I'aln Itemovcp a satisfactory MHS. SAWVKR. Dressmaker. taken Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine.
I and Immediate cure and I take- great IZ22 Valencia at.; San Francisco. CaJ. S(l prescribed I feel ln Kood condition. :
; {•Iravure In romm.endlnc It as a perfect I have u«e<l Dr. Ilalpruner's Pain Re- My catarrh 'has entirely disappeared
• lamlly medicine. mo\«r for several years and find It th.t an d i ttel perfectly well tbotiKh past
1 MHS It. R. THOMPSON'. b»*t thins I ever tried for sore throat. CO years of age. . ' '
| \ I'M Van Ne*« ave.. MRS. M. H. PARKEK. * "WM. DE KRAFFT. ll. D..
I San Francisco. Cal. HIS Sutler St.. S. F.. Cal. "Paclflc ave.. Alameda. Cal."
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\u25a0 The ardulitory Is bcin< told every day to thousands of wffering women who fly to this |rttt remedy for relief. Over 1,000.000 suffering women— SKA VV\V «-<£fft lR^lr /v $? I'
\u25a0 women who have been invalids for years— women whom doctors could not relieve — women who had given up in despair have been cured by the simple vegetable v^"-\ V »S\\ V&yJl // V H
\u25a0 emmenatfogue. Wine of Cardui. From all over this country come letter* from cured women, praising Wine of Carduk There is no mystery about the relief. Ty*iv ) u *l^Jv Wif/ * * x H
m A $1.00 bottle purdused from your druggist and taken privately at home will benefit the worst case of female troubles. Read what a few women say of Wine of II IWLjIAW*
I sp^msm ssisi^i: gi«^^Mi issiE~« r Jm
Sslnfti A1e,| June US, 1901. Wftkoflsld Tmi lfsjoti 97 lflfti \f J% M^ki.BERKELEY.' Oct. 19— ReV. C.-A. Pool*.
D.D.. professor In thn Srabury Theological
School, will preach at trie morning serv
ice held by 8t. Mark's parish to-morrow.
In ShattUck Hall.- Bishop Morelnnd of
Sacramento will .speak in the evening.
Bishop Hare will deliver an address be
fore the Htudrnin-of the university' In
Hearst Hall at. ZM o'clock. - . •
Bishops to Speak.
President J. N. Bunting and member*
of the San Francisco Cabinet of the Na
tional Union paid a fraternal visit last
night to San Francisco Council, which met
for the llrst time in the new quarters tn
the Red Men'n building. There were In
structive addresses by the visiting officers
and upon the close of the council a num
ber of strangers were admitted. An en
tertaining programme of music, song*,
slefght-of-hand performance and literary
numbers 'followed. . • .-.
Cabinet Visits Council.
Ella Guptlll. wife of Thomas A. Qup
tlll. a designer and artist, filed a suit for
maintenance against her huiiband yester
day. She alleges that she commenced
similar proceedings, some time ago, but
that she consented to a dismissal of the
suit btcaufc Guptlll promised her 120. a
month. He lived up to the agreement,
she alleges, for a few months and then
ceased paying tno ctlpulatcd amount.
Mrs. UuptlU further alleges that her hus
band l» very anxious to secure a divorce,
ko that he ran rrarry again. She also al
loKes that he has offered to buy her a
home In Krultvale if she would consent to
his securing a. decree. of divorce. This she
refuses to no. because th« church of which
?ho is a member does not sanction a di
vorce.
Wife Asks 'for Maintenance.
Tho several lodges of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen of the Mission dis
trict entertained tbelr members and
friends In Turn Vereln Hall on Eight
eenth street last night. Following Is :hc
programme:
Music by orchestra; poem. <f Llberty Bell."
I>r. J. L. Vork; sonr. Mr». W. H: Day: reci
tation. F. K. Foote: sor.K. Mn. TV. P. Malloy:
Ellver Spray Quartet: vocal solo, Mr». 8. J.
Tully: fancy dance. Ml«s Kugeot Tully; har
monica n.lo. W. Rocette: eons. E. Lambert;
Grabber's Mandolin Club. . .
' Between numbers there were addressee
by Past Grand Master, Workman D. S.
Hirstaberg and' Grand -Recorder .T. C
Bp*-ti<v>r. the former in mo*t eloquent
language setting forth fraternity as prac
ticed by th.i Anclctit Order' of United
Workmen. After- ithn'-. programme them
was. dancing until a late hour.
Mission Lodges Entertain.
The suit of Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for a
writ of mandate to compel the Board of
Election Commissioners to Rive his name
as an independent candidate for Mayor a
place on the ballot was argued and sub
mitted before Judge Scawell yesterday. A
decision will be rendered to-morrow morn
ing. • •
O'Donnell's Case Submitted.
The nominees of the Union Labor party
addressed a large gathering at Twin
Peaks Hall, at Seventeenth and Noe
streets, last night. The standard-bearer
of the party was received with cheers. All
the speakers expressed the conviction that
the entire th-ket would be elected. Con
siderable enthusiasm was displayed.
Labor Party Mass Meeting.
A John Lackmann' Club was organized
at 721 OFarrell street last night., Harvey
Burdell was elected president; Frank Bell
and Amos Currier, vice presidents; P. M.
Gopchevitch. secretary, and A. Simon,
treasurer. The club roll was signed by a
large number of enthusiastic Republicans,
who will work for Mr. Lackmann's re
election.
John Lackmann Club.
duccd the various candidates, pretty
much as Is done at a convention, when
the candidates t-.re told to rise and let the
multitude behold them. Not even Mr.
Wolfs funny stories could hold the audi
ence together when the introductions were
said. Chairman Asher appealed to the
crowd to be stated, as there were BtlU
other good things on the oratorical menu.
\V. H. Cobb was called upon -to restrain
the fleeing throne, but his remarks were
lost in tho uproar. The chairman there
upon declared tho meeting adjourned.
5 New suits' fop dlvorcn wero- filed yester
day, as follows: "Julia Meyer atralnnt- Aug
ust Mey«r. v "cruelty; Ida Muller against
Aleck Muller, • ruolty. . I<anru , J. tBufdltfc
against W.' 'A. ;Burdlck, cruelty . ark: , Alice
Edith Bandall'ttgalnst Charles E.S. Ran
dall; cruelty. -.
.Wives Allego Cruelty.
Rev. Father Caraher. who has lately re
turned from an extended trip In • Europe
and the Holy Land, is to be tendered a
public reception by his friends and par
ishioners to-morrow evening, lrt St. Fran
cis Church Hall, corner of Vallejo street
and"Montgomery avenue. A musical and
literary programme has been prepared for
the occasion. . ','-';' < \u25a0..'.-,\u25a0
Will Give Him a Reception.
Thin morning at 1:80 'o'clock* four ohots
were flrcd In an alley, off Taylor street,
between Turk and Market, by nome un
known periion and for some' unknown
cause. The shots attracted a crowd and
Bcriaccant.Wolf and a posno of policemen,
believing a murder had been committed,
hurried to the' scene. 'but after a care
ful search ' were unable to dincovor the
person responsible for tho disturbance.
Mysterious Shots Fired.
.Leo Rlrnsaman, who hImI nnd i*crioui>ly
wounded hl» ogcA father Home tlmo ago
and who waa Hcnt to the Dkluh I:tf>ano
Acylum, whs taken from thnt Inntlttitlon
yesterday by Police Officer Phil- Herring
and locked up In the City PriKon. He will
be formally charged with an nBsauU to
commit murder to-day. Strntssman has
entirely recovered his reason.
Strassman to Stand Trial.
Thad 6. Sharretts. the Commissioner
appointed by Prer>Jent Roosevelt to rep
resent the United Statea at the meeting
of rcprr.i.-ntntiv. » of the powers to revise
China's tariff rates, arrived here yesterday
and Is at tho Palace. The Chinese Gov
ernment owes an Indemnity of $400,000,000
to tho powers. This debt It has promised
to pay. Before the treaty was signed,
however, a clause was made In the docu
ment ullowtng the powers to revise the
tariff rates at present prevailing In China,
ko tbat the debt could be paid more ex
pcdltloualy.
The Commissioner says that before he
left Washington he had a long interview
with President Roosevelt. The President
said that he deemed this a most impor
tant commission and that it was of vital
importance to this country, especially to
the Pacltlc Coast. The President wished
Commissioner Shnrretts to make every ef
fort to foster the open door policy and to
sec that American goods received all due
rt c( kiiI t ion under the new tariff.
While In China Commissioner Sharretts
will make a careful study of the com
mercial situation and be prepared to make
a report In reference to a new commer
cial treaty that may be made between
this country and China.
SKATTEE,' Oct. 19.— J. Plerpont Morgan
will arrive In this city early to-morrow
mornlrig by «pt.elal train from Tacoma.
Mr. Morgan will remain ln'8eattle to-mor
row nnd will spend the day looking over
the city. With the parly of clergymen
who nre'necomi.n.nylng him hi> will leave
on Monday morning for Everett, where
he will upend iwveral hnurn. Prenldent
MHlcn of the -Northern Paclllr will prob
ably accompany- him. Krom Everett Mr.
Morgan will* go to Spokane on his way
East. From this city, he will trnvel over
the Great Northern as the gucat of Pres
ident James J. HIIL \u25a0 .' , , - . , .
On reaching Tacomn Mr. Morgan was
driven to the water front, where he In
spected the Northern Pacific terminals,
including the- half-mile of- new wheat
warehouses recently completed. He was
shown the. greater portion of tho Oriental
warehouses and other, terminals, on which
tho railroad has expended about 110,000,000.
; Lens than six months ago Mr. Morgan
purchased the Dodwell line of trans-
Pacific sten mem and turned it over to the
Northern Pacific. . receiving therefor "a
large check as hl« comml.iHion. New ter
minals, are being constructed here with
especial reference to tlut -development of
the trans-Paclflc trado and It Is in. this
feature of Northwestern trnttlc that' Mr.
/Morgan ha« evinced.. especial 'Interest, j
• - Outside. of Northern- Pacific. affnlrs Mr.
Morgan was most' plunwd in Turoma.
with a large collection of elks' heads and
Alaskan furs, of -which, he. purchased
liberally, i His purchases wcrt> boxed to
night and will go East by express to
morrow. • «; .
Mr. Morgan evinced great Interest in
the condition of the Northern Pacific as
they pa^cd over the Pacific division, and
especially In the huge ferryboat Tacotna.
by which all trains are carried across
Columbia River. He took much satisfac
tion in inspecting the company's termi
nals in Portland and in hearing from Mr.
Mellen the dutatln of the mammoth im
provements noir being carried out In Tn
cQiua and along Columbia Klvcr, where
the new line is being built from Kalnma
to Vancouvrr. In \nncuuver a fl/nW.OOO
bridge across the Columbia will event
ually be built.
TACOMA. Oct. 19.— J. Plerpont Morr?an
arrived here late this afternoon, accom
panied by a distinguished party of Epis
copal lilshops nnd clergymen. They left
Portland shortly - before noon, taking
luncheon In dlnlngr-cars while crossing the
Columbia River. At the special request
of Mr. Morgan, President Mvllen of the
Northern Pacific hurried West from St.
J'aul and met him at Portland.
Special EHfpatch to The Call.
TO LOOK AFTER
OUR INTERESTS
BANKER MORGAN
TACOMA'S GUEST
A gentleman said to me to-day: "After all
there Is no Issue In tbls campaign," and I
ugree with him. There i« no issue in the or
dinary political sense. There Ik no Usue such
as that which confronted u» In "the last Presi
dential campaign, and In every Presidential
campaign that has preceded it. There Is no
issue. 1 swy. In the ordinary sense, but there
lb an lamie In a spe<51Be. distinct sense at this
time. There l» an Issue, and what is the
issue? As 1 have (aid before, on every night
that It has been my good fortune to address
the gentlemen whom 1 meet In these meet
ing*. I re|KuU it. tti.-ro is tin i£eue. and that
tts-ue Is the fajne old itsue of common hun
esty. It Is the Imuj<> of a government, decent
and honest, conceived and executed solely for
the benefit of the people. It In the issue of
common honesty. It 1« the l*»ue of good cltl
zenahlp a^»ln«t bad citizenship. There Is no
grand national Ittsue Involved. It la simply
the lwue, •1H> you want Rvod men In office"—
that and nothing more. (Applause.)
We contend that wo present to you the only
sound solution of that question. We do not
ruy. that there are not good men on the other
ticket. We tin not say thut we are the only
honest mm who have been nominated for of
fice., but we do ray that the Kojiubllcan con
vention was dominated and controlled by the
Southern I'aclMc Railroad. unA thnt its ticket
was dictated In the law department of the
.Southern Pacific and that It was thrown on
the streets from Ute window of that depart
ment, picked up In the streets, brought Into
the Kepubltcan convention and approved by the
flfrurr heads « ho ut In the sr-ats of that con
vention. lAi'i'luuw >
This la not mere Idle rumor, gentlemen. I do
not ask you to believe me or to believe the dis
tinguished gentlemen who will follow me on
this point. All 1 ask of you I* to read the Re
publican newspaper*. Read there what they
»n.y of the Kej-unllcan ticket ami of the con
vention that nominated that ticket. Kead there
what they say of every man upon that ticket.
Issue Is Honest Government
p>«r<HE Twenty-ninth District Demo
| crats assembled last night at
II Pioneer Hall to listen to a<5-
UL dresses by the municipal candi
dates. Enthusiastic demonstra
tions marked the meeting from beginning
to end. Of the many fpeeches made, that
of Joseph S. Tobin elicited the greatest
applause. . .
J. J. Sweeny acted aa chairman. 'After
short speeches by Supervisors Booth and
Dwyer Tobln "was' introduced. Several
times three cheers were lustily given, anil
it was some little time before he could be
gin his apeeeeh. He said:
"When a man hu» been toescd for many
days In thick weather and upun an unknown
sea, he naturally avails Itimsi-lf of the drat
pause In the etorm, the firm ruy of sunHhine,
to take his bearings nnd uncertain how far
tbe elements . have drlvuti him from hit. true
comae. Let u.s Imitate this . prudence, unJ
before we flout further upon the waves of
this debate glance ut the pmnt frum which we
have departed that we may at least be able
to" conjecture where we now arc"
Th^se, gentWmcn. are the' words of the lin
murtai Daniel Webster on opening his reply
to Hayne in the United States Senate.
ThesKj soothing and eminently proper words
are of use to u.s now. Let us turn to the
point from which we have deiiarted and oscui
taln where wo are now. l^et uh look back to
the time when San Franclwo was a vlllHtfc,
\u25a0when the water lappi-d the spot wh«re Mont
gomery street m<w stretches, when the cikjI
where we stand was a fjiiu hill; when
the Paluce Hotel site was but a waste of
sand, covered with willow ireeH. Let us look
4t that and remember thnt we have grown
to be a great city,- and us a great city we
demand care, we demand attention, w<a demand
good streets, we demand good parks, we de
mand, ubove all, honest officials . in public
life. (Appluuse.) • .
Gentlemen, that Is tho Issue. It cannot be
avoided. It confronts you and It confronts me
and It confronts all. of us. The men upon the
other «>ide are controlled by corporations, nom
inated for their own particular, specific pur
imiscs. Upon this side I shall only aay
in concluolun that you know the men that
have be«-n nominated. They have' given you a
guarantee- of their honor, their honesty and
their ability. It is for you to say whether you
will play ih«> fool nnd elect the men who have
lt»-u punlw»d forward by the Southern Pacific
Railroad and- th» other corporations, or wheth
er you will elect the men whom you have al
ready had In office anil found honest, compe
tent and faithful official*. ! (Applause.)
That is the Issue, gentlemen. It Is a. simple
one. You are the people to answer It. Think
nliout It. and before you decide and cast your
vote, remember where your property Interests
lie: where your patriotic Interests He, and
wherw your Interests as good, patriotic, lov
ing ritlzens of San F r rancisco lie. (Applause.)
After Tobin's speech nevera! prolonged
cheers and a tiger were freely given. Then
enme ppoeche» by Edmojid Godchaux, Pat
rick lioland, George Dahlbender, Frank
lin K. I>nne. Judge Fritz. Justus 3. War
dell. Joseph Ka**Ier, Samuel Braunhart
nnd District Attorney Bylngton. The
meeting: ended with music by the band.
The Question uf corporate control ia an old
queatlon In Ban Fraiiclncti. It has been
tlucKtii-.d out, campaign after campaign, until
we are all tired of It. But this Is an unusual
presentation of the BUbject, because this is the
Hi'Ht time that the Southern Pacific Railroad
nnd the allied cortK>ratlonH have thrown off th*
iimsk and them(=rlvi!B stepped into 'the arena.
Heretofore they have offered some poor unfor
tunate uh a tiacrl!lce. " Then, If defeated, they
have retired and wald, "We are not In politics."
But this time, gentlemen, there they stand In
the arena themselves. There Is no dispute.
There thty stand. If licked thin time they nay
In future say they are nut In politics, but If
they do say ho it will be because you had tbe
good fcenee tu take a good sound lick at them
this time, now that they have exposed theni
t>elves In the open view. I toy that It' is un-
UMual: It la more tban unusual; It lit tbe- only
time that It nan ever happened:
Tlw other oay a man who practically con
trols thl«- ticket, who nominated this ticket,
was asked by a man who is in sympathy with
him to a great extent— who contends that the
lowering of water rates, the assessing of fran
chises and the other screws that we .have put
on corporations Justly— I Bay «uch a man who
evnetnrit! that this fort of action drives them
Into politics, said: "What have you made this
awful mistake- for? Why have you nominated
such a nauseating, such a horrfblc, such a re
volting' ticket? Don't you know that every
body says you have deceived yourself and not
the public; that they say, and say Justly, 'We
know who is behind that mask, that race that
U presented to u»; we know it Is the allied
corporations and their allies, .the bosses.* Why
have you done thin? Could you not put up
som« men and deceive the dear old public in
the same old way?" And this man who nom
inated the ticket eaid he thought then at that
time that he had a cinch, and it did not make
any difference whom he nominated, and he
said: "I am tired of getting 'the' double cross.
This thne I put up mon that -when I press. the
button I know where they&tand."- (Applause.)
' Vote for Honest Hen.
We are fortunate, gentlemen. In being able
to take our ammunition frotn the camp of the
enemy. We do not. have to manufacture any of
our own. We do not have to curry our heavy
urtlllery in the. rear. That id all tound tn the
lump uf th* enemy. Al\ we nave to do Is to
Slve the command "Cbarxe" and - the enemy
lump urnuiui and lick their own allies.
R«nd them what they Bay of every man upon
that ticket from the bead or tuc ticket to thb
foot of the ticket. They Bay that no honest
man. no honeat man— and that Is the icsue here
distinctly— that no honest mun could have ac
ct.t'ted a nomination at the hand* of that con
vention. (Applauue.)' \u25a0 \u25a0
Hand of the Railroad.
Democrats Hold an Enthusiastic
fleeting at Pioneer Hall.
CANDIDATES OF THE POLITICAL PARTIES
ADDRESS VOTERS ON CAMPAIGN ISSUES
Remarkable Address of Mr. Wells
Provokes Derisive Cheers.
Mr. "Wells' Pitiful Plea.
The California quartet sang a song of
People Are Interested.
Tbe people take an interest in the perpetua
tion at ReimMtcin priacipK's. even in local «r
fsjre. Th?«* prtBCQtiea. adw^cated by William
ilcKir.ley. can nevt>r i'.c. It was these prin
cir'.es which \v t -r. for us the Hawaiian Ieiamis
and the Philippine*: and it m - a* the masterly
conduct of the Spi-.ith war which Jtsion
strata-! the Bupcrh ritj" of American diplomacy
aj>J arrr*.
Sar. Fraacifeo. nrre than any other cttr In
the union. Is lr.retvst^l la th.« preat work In
which the Kejp-.jV.ic;iri ivirty is en^acej. We
ae a c-miEur;ti are n.-w in the noonrtt}- of
our possibility and r-rTohabilltr. W> have ha<l
vttb Democrat tc terns of covern
rr.^r.t and we fooad that IVmocratie economy
has always beer, the wtli.^t extra\-apant>e. The
« ork:nprt:en cf the c:iy have learneJ *omc
rr.'p-hty truth* »:Th:3 th- paJ=t two y«ans. iind
they have »'.! they want cf Democratic prum
\u25a0SrS.
They <Jcti"t war.t Pujwrvisors who keep our
Rreeta ir. tAta! darkoe«a. ncr a Hoard of Pub
lie W>T-lt5 wim-h noplosra armies oi men witli
r>i;t sho»jrig ttnsih> rtyult*. N»-ilh*T <ln they
want S«-h>~! pine--tcrs whi jvrsist in hatcper
:r.g the efn-ienry ci the Bdtoa) r*n»artm.'nt
bT err.r'o'trjr t<»-> tc* teachers. They want
Republican cfS'ial? whiv promises they know
will »-•« scrupulously kept.
Mr. McKlnley d'scussed the va-icus
picr.ks of the Republican platrorm at
leastlL In concluding he said no falr
mirded proer-^sive citizen could afford
to ignore that document and its assur
ar>c-*-s The speaker then refprr^i brieflv
to Mr. Well? as an h-->nest citizen, who.
tf e!#»cte'i. would see that all the planks
of the platform are fully lived uo to.
nouncement lhat Asa K. Wells,
who aspires to the Mayoraity, would de
liver an aJdress in which lie would discuss
the jpsut-s V>f the campaign, as well us
certain editorial Btateajents eritlclzinp his
candidacy, served to attract a curious,
though not lurjrc crowd. That the audi
«aice was mixed as to politics was qu!to
evident and a iamcntable lack of spou
tanloty wenr.Igh rendered the affair one
of the oi^ra boufl'e kind.
It was s«:A» o'clock when Mr. Wells, pre
ceiling the various candidates for munic
ipal office*, numbers of the County Com
mittee. Republican workers and others,
walked Bpaa the stage. Th«? ba:nl playoa
"Marchtr.p Through Georgia." and whex:
the Mayoralty nominee seated himself
some one in the cailcry shouted ••Three
cheers for Mr. Wells." One feeble cheer
followed and then came st-veral hisses.
which effectually checked the attempt to
arouse enthusiasm. Mr. Wei's bowed his
tlia.nks with a sickly smile and Maurict;
1». At-her, the chairman of the evening.
signaled to the band to play. The incident
cast a damper upon t'r.e assemblage, the
chilling: e3eci of which was distinctly fell
throuciiout the evening.
Chairman Asber cauied the meetirs to
order and without oratorical effort Intro
duced Dennis E. McKlnlay a.< the lirst
epeaker. Mr. McKlnlay s^iid the present
cairsr^Jcn was an Important one and that
the people at Sar. Francisco were taking
a deej> interest ia the outcome. He re
sumed :
THE Republican municipal camll
dates opj>earoil in forco at tho
xcass-mooiing hild in Metropoli
tan T»ciir)le la^i night. The an-
eulogy of Mr. Wells. In which his name
was made to rhyme with "bells" and
"tells" and "sells." Aftei an encore. In
which Mr. Tobln was ridiculed to the
tune of "Dolly Gray." the chairman in
troduced Mr. Wells In the briefest pos
sible way. Then followed the weakest
display of onthusiasm ever witnessed. . A
Military voice demanded three cheers anil
u continuous uproar followed, In which
hisses were too plainly apparent. Some
of the candidates on the platform sought
to liven the flagging enthusiasm of the
audience by setting on their chairs and
wildly wavlnp their hats. The attempt
was abortive, however— the audience re
tus»a to enthuse. A second attempt was
made -with like result, a_nd when the out
burst died away line a -sigh, Mr. Wells
began his speech.
The address was -ungrammatlcnl, illogi
cal, in no sense argumentative, but in
eve: y way pitifully devoid of those quali
ties which should mark the expression of
sentiments by a "man whose talents
should qualify him to till bo Important :i
post as the mayoralty of a city like Sun
Krunciseo. In his remarkable oratorical
(cat Mr. Wells stultified himself an.l his
party nominees for Supervisors by declar
es that there were some good men In
the present Hoard of Supervisors and
that the charter was responsible for it.
His allusion to the old "solid nine" ami
his declaration that there were some pood
men even among that body made his*
most ardent admirer wlnco with pain.
When finally he talked of the surplus as
belrp an excellent campaign document,
forgetful of the fact that the surplus was
the result of the work of a Democratic
Board of Supervisors, a howl of derision
arose. Mr. Wells coughed, stammered
once or twice and then took his seat.
Mr. Wells* address, tuken down by an
expert stenographer, Is a follows:
Democratic Board Praised.
X~adles and Gentlemen.^ My Friends: This
greeting Is indeed pleasing. liven though I
should be defeated for the affU-e for which 1
have btcfl nominated tills tecrinion Is an oasU
In the campaign that will be looked back to
with pleasure in all of my days.
I appear before you this evening as your can
«1Uai© «oi* tv> say a, few wortis- -not to
raabe a speech. Speechmaktng will follow m>
remarks.
I have served time in the City Hall (Laugh
ter.) I think that I know much about the
needs, the requirements that axe necessary to
properly conduct tbe affair* of our city eov
trmuent. I Know that the Mayor U clotheO
with extraordinary lowers and that most peo
ple are art to think that he It tbe whole
ihlnp. iLaught»r.) That Is notao. Without
the aid or a harmonious Board of Supervisor*
the Mayor Is comparatively liurrnNs*. and he
has a hot place. Therefore I ray It Is Im
portant, very Important, that he should be
Mirti.>u:s«!«-<1 liy a Hoard of Supervisors of the
»ame political faith a> himself. You Mv.- th«»
Mayor a BoarJ of ciuperv i»ors of one-half Dem
ocrats and ontr-hajf Kei>ubllca.ns and It Is hard
to My what will come of It. l>ut you give him
a Heard «>r Supervisor* of the same political
faith as himself, and If the administration Is
not what It should b»- the party ltcWf la re-
FiHMtsible. I know that much has 1*.ti sal>>
bbout our present Uoard of Supervisors as t>e
inr a very good tonrd. It la tiald that a .ka'l
Indian is a pood Indian. Perhaps our rhaitor
has something to do with our present hoard's
belnjr a tcnod board. They are the first Board
of Supervisors that has served und«*r our new
•"iiart.-r, and you know that the Hoard of Su
r«rv1s»ors has no patronage. The lioard of
Supervt^re cannot fcrm a rin*. unless It
has In its number at least fourteen. In the
©!<1 famous board of the ••jJjIld Nine" lh«-re
were rozne very good men. but they wcrs not
wilder the control of the charter. I know that
there were able men In that board, and If they
had been In the present Board of Supervisors
they rolrht al«o have been good Supervisors.
There Is another point which I wl?b to touch
ujwr sod that is that eAmpalrn cry of • lar
rlu«." I know jonirthl.ni: al-,ul that surplus,
myself. I know that there wns a tax levy to
raise a fund for a linking fund for th* bonds..
There v«t al*o an appropriation for Interest
to i ay the Interest en those bonds. Well,
there were no bonds. i-onsequenUy there ,w«s
no sinking fund required and there was no In
terest required, and ytt thrre was jmOPg ai
propriated for that purpose. Now, you take
naurht from IS3.CC0 and thete. is a surplun of
KS.noO. A surplus Is a very nice thlr.st. I
remember that once In my life I workeO for
$!<> a month for four y^ars and at the end
or that four years I had a surplus. I appre
ciate a surplus, and I know that when you
talk o? a surplus as l-'lrc saved by an ad
ministration of the city fcovernment It I* a
very Fircns factor.' I Ao not know of any bet
ter campaign argument unless It should be
Ji^.ttO surplu*-
But. my friends. I do not Intend to enter
Into an arirument here this evenlnr and on
'his occasion. These thought* come to me and
I think: they are pertinent to the lsiue. I
believe that If you will irtve me a harmonious
Hoard of Supervisors that we two can make
a pretty »ood ehowlnjr. And In this connec
tion I would ask you If you are entirely satis
fied with the J1S/«)O.C*0 that has been expended
by this present "trood" Uoard of Supervisors?
\u25a0What can be said about the promises that If
they were put In offlre they would run this
city government for I4.000.caj a year. What
have we sot to show for all of those promises
and with this lance expenditure of money? I
think that even an ordinary administration
could do about as well. At all events I am
wllltnic to to* it myself If you give me a
chance.
Indies and g*ntl»:nen. I thank you for this
reception.
The Press Is IHscussed.
P. A. Bergcrot. chairman of the Repub
lican County Committee, waa next Intro
duced. He provoked laughter In the be-
Kinnlnt; by referring to "nandlotlsm nearly
a. century ai?o," but what was meant by
the. statement was not explained. He then
alluded to the pre?s a» n factor of modern
civilization when lt.« opinion.* are honestly
advanced, but "when it wallows in the
mlro of blackmail and llb«*l the people will
repudiate it and Us principle*."
Tbe speaker was eloquent and forceful
on thla point, but probably through inad
\'«»rtenec neglected to admonish his Jiear
*rs that the people will alno repudiate thfs
principles advocated by a n»*W5paper
vhose opinions have been purchased for
$7500.
The speaker praised" an cventnflr • news
paper for Its advocacy of Mr.. Wel'n.and
alluded to the course of The " Call i as fol
lows: _, \u25a0 _
It must be rzM that the Morning. Call Is Juat
corarnenclni? to *e<. the folly of Its wnya and 'Is
awakcolni: to a realization of the, fact- that a
Ki-'at and Imminent danger is ttireatenlnc tkc
I<eople of Pan Francisco, and Indirectly the
l-x'ple of the whole State of California. •
Twice this w»ek already It has uttered a
timely cry cf warning to the- pr-ople of this
city. It Is to i,*. hoped, my fellow dtlzrns,
that the well known public spirit of lta vro
prietor will outw«ilt;h and rart aside the puny
r<:-s*:ntm»-nt li* may ferl from hla recent d<?
.'< at. which Is a thing of the past and 'should
be forgotten. «nd we may exj^ct within the
next ftw «]«ys 10 see tbe Morning Call follow
In the wnrthy footsteps of the Bulletin by
manfully and enthuMextlcally advocating the
election of Mr. Wells for Mayor.
And why should It not do so? • The Mornlna;
Call cannot but concede that Mr. Welts la now,
a« he has always been In the past, a plain
man of th»r people and In rUrnp sympathetic
touch with the, people and with all the people.
His Is not In any f>ense a partisan candidacy.
He represents all conditions and situations ttnS
classes of the population, hla ftaccexsfut and
Interesting carrer leading- up from the hum
ble carpenter's bench, where he brgan. to the
hitch political office which he now so worthily
fills.
Victory Is Predicted.
Myron E. Wolf on being Introduced said
that tho Republican party was tho last
to make Its bow to the public, but that
affr November 5 it would be the first to
acclaim It* victory to th« world. The
Democratic meeting of Wednesday even
ing was referred to as a ,"Phelan-Tobln
pink t*a." Resuming .he said:.
Th* question ban been a«k«1 how rrp*ldent
It'.'*»-v<-it would vote if hf wen; here. I will
t»ll you. He would Investigate the character
of the randidatrp for Mayor and make the illx
cov«ry that Mr. Wells began life as a carj><»n
t«r arid row. from the rnnk of employe to that
»>f employer. He. would discover that- Mr.
v.'riiB was an honest .man. It ' is true Mr.*
Welle In not absolutely i«»rfect. He docs not
play polo nor dof» • he . excel In leading a co-'
tlllon. His trunk la not full of opera hat*
arid red polo milt*. He doesn't cat hla monln
In a dm* suit. H«. Isn't an expert. In handling
ribbons and tiding whips. He. has hla clothe*
made hem and not In Knjrlad. He'lff a citizen
'much- h'-ttfr qualified to nerve thla city aa
Mayor than hla opponents. He la a Republican;
an honest and upright citizen and he la deserv
ing of your votea..
Mr. Wolf jiui.l his respects to the local
Democracy, which, be .said, \u25a0was.con
trolled by Mayor Phelan. * Tho Democrat
ic nominee for Mayor was Phelan'a crea
ture, and that meant his repudiation by
the voters on election day. In. closing the
health and school department* were dls
ctiKHcd and the promise ..ventured that
with Mr.- Wells in the Mayor's chair the
city would oot be menaced by fake bu
bonic plague .nuare« •. and.*- the .children
would b« given 1 , the t schooling ; they • re
quired. \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 - " ' -' •
Before taking M» seat Mr. Wolf Intro-
. -.V.-:- ,-•;-, "... .v. , . \u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0-, \u25a0 \u25a0 .'\u25a0 -\u25a0 •. ••\u25a0.,. -,. v, \u25a0....\u25a0:.\u25a0\u25a0.:-.,...\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0 r.._j \u25a0',.•\u25a0-\u25a0•' \u25a0 - : •' - ' : ! ; \u25a0' •
the sAy Francisco call, sunday, October' 20, tooi>
23
BONFIRES -blazed on
ntreet corner* litnt
night nnd tbe polit
ical bands bad their
niuKleal «ay out
-' doors ' and In tne
- linllN. Candidates
of both parties made their
round*. nddreminK the peo
ple on the \u25a0ubjeetsj of this
municipal campaign.
' At Pioneer Hall the Demo
cratK of the Twcnty-ulnth
D I h t r I rt K«lhere«l and
cheered " JoMeph Tobln nnd
other candidates. At Metro
polttnn Hall the RepabUcimi
formally opened their eam
pnlfvn and Asa R. Wells
spoke on the questions lie
deemed of the moat Impor
tance. *".-.'
The flRht between the var
ionn parties in the field Is
\u25a0:. NEW TO-DAY. " *
PERSONAL
MAGNETISM
A College, Chartered Understate
Law£,Wlth a Capital of $10O t -
000, for» the Purpose xrf
: Teaching Personal Mag-
netism and Hypno-
tism by Corre-
spondence.
EVERYBODY MAY NOW LEARN
Ten Thousand Copies of a Valu-
able Work on These Sciences
to Be Given Away to Ad-
v vertise the College.
The American College of Sciences, of
Philadelphia. Pa., Is a novel Institution.
It Is chartered under State laws, with a
capital of (100,000, for the purpose of
teaching Personal Magnetism, Hypnotism,
Magnetic Healing, etc., by correspond-
ence.
At an expense of over $3000 the college*
has issued a remarkable work on these
sciences, ten thousand; copies of which
will be given away absolutely free. The
book Is elegantly illustrated with the most
expensive engravings, and It is decidedly
the finest and most comprehensive work
of Its kind ever published. It is the pro-
duct of the combined talent of thirty dis-
tinguished hypnotic specialists and sci-
entists. It thoroughly explains all the
hidden secrets of Personal Magnetism,
Hypnotism, Magnetic Healing, etc. It is
full of surprising 1 experiences, and makes
many startling disclosures in regard to
the use and possibilities of this secret
power.
The college absolutely guarantees that
any one can learn these sciences In a tevr
days at home, and use the power without
the knowledge of his most intimate
friends.
The reporter asked for the names and
addresses of some of the pupils so that
he might communicate with them person-
ally. Several hundred were offered, from
which the reporter selected eighty-four.
The replies received were more than suf-
ficient to convince the most skeptical in
regard to the wonderful benefits to be de-
rived from this mighty power. There were
absolutely no failures. AH had learned to
moke practical use of the sciences^ The
following extracts are taken at random
from the letters, for the benefit of read-
ers:
J. H. Schneller, 1412 Avon street, 1* Croese,
Wls., writes: ''Hypnotism truly reveals the
•ecrets of life and the mysteries of nature. Mr
own father could not have convinced me of lta
wonderful power U I had not actually tested
It tor myself. I consider a knowledge of It
Invaluable to those who wish to get the most
out of life; to those who wish to achieve suc-
cess and live up to the fall measure of their
possibilities."
\u25a0 Mrs. Efne M. Watson, MartlnsvUle. Ind..
write*: "Hypnotism opens tbe road to health,
ha&plaess and prosperity. It should be studied
by every one. 1 would not part with my knowl-
edce of it for any amount. The instructions
have developed within me a. forc« of character.
and ability to influence and control people that
I did not dream I could acquire."
J. W. Cling cr. M. D.. Springfield, Ohio,
writes: "I have tucd the methods of hyp-
notism taught by tbe American Cotlesjv of
Sciences In two cases of difficult surgical, oper-
ations with perfect success. It Is a complete
anaesthetic and preferable to chloroform or
ether. I acquired a practical knowledge of
hypnotism in less than three days. The book
Is grand."
Rev. T. W. Butler. Ph.D., Idaho City. Idaho,
writes: "I have cured a number of chronic
eases of rheumatism, dyspepsia and paralysis
of Ions; standing: I bare not had a single fail-
ure; I consider a knowledge of Personal Mag-
netism invaluable. The book has greatly la-
creased my own powers."
Dr. W. P. Kennleutt 5» State street. Blng-
hamton. X. T.. 'Writes: "I had long suffered
from nervous prostration and dyspepsia. My
case baffled all medical skill. I studied hyp-
notism from the American College of Sciences,
and tried it upon myself with surprising re-
sults. In one week my stomach was better
than It had been in thirty years. I could eat
anything without the alightest distress. I can
hypnotize myself in five minutes and sleep all
night, have hypnotized a number of others."
The first ten thousand persons who
write to the American College of Sciences
will receive, absolutely free, the marvel-
ous book that brought success to the
above persons. It Is Intensely Interesting
from start to finish. It should be in every
home.- If you' want a copy write to-day
to the American College of Sciences. Dept.
1ST, 416-420 Walnut street, Philadelphia,
Pa., and you will receive the book by re.
turn mall.
POLITICAL.
* • • FOR . . m
MAYOR,
JOSEPH S.TOBIN
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
\u25a0 * •
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
, Repoblican Nominee.
VOTE FORV
JOHN FARNHAM
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
• \u25a0 . REPUBLICAN NOMINKB. > ;T
• , VOTE POR ;
v ; R. BOL. AND.
\Ts .r.«,.'" '..'Democratic Nominee for
"PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
-.' ' ' (Incumbent) \u25a0'..'• .
POLITICAL.
FOR MAYOR*
ASA R. WELLS.
t;' : r REPUBLICAN, HOWHEE. ,\u25a0
ECZEMA'S
• -J ITOH IS TORTURE.
Eczema is caused by an acid humor in
the blood coming in contact with the
ski:i and producing great redness and in*
flar.iroation ; little pustular eruptions form
and discharge z. thin, sticky fluid, which
dries and sealer, oft ; sometimes the ekiu is
hard, dry, an -1 fissured. Eczema in any
form is a tormenting, stubborn disease;
2nd the itching mid burning ct times nre
clniost unbearable; the ncid burning
husior cccnia to 00^5 out end set.thc akin;
on fire. ySalrcs,' washer, nor otfier cxtcr-
-.2al applicstiona do any real good, for as
long as the poison remains in the blood
it will keep the ctia irritated.
BAD FORM OF TETTER.
'Tor t'.:rcc jcara I" ". , -^#*fc ;
bands, which raused j^^B^H^.
them to swell to ivriCe UKnBmk
their nnturalnizr. Part BC^^^^B
of tbe time the dlxcnsc ' Bf& ' k T'= \u25a0
was in the form of run- ' S^U^ \u25a0
wing nores, very pain- Bfl'TOI !«*•'»
ful, and ca::cing me ' TOiSQ* J* V
tii:cb<Ji»cnnifort. Pour • y^i^arT* K>
hail proRrc^scd too far ']^P|
could do nothing for JffjKL
bottles of 6. S. 6. nnd gm
wni completely cured.
TWs was fifteen years '^™*n?^y?¥t<0&
ago, and I have never ' . ' v ' \u25a0•'"- ' -
Binceiieen any «!gn of ray old trouble. 11 — Mrs.
1<. n. Jackson, 1414 McGee St., Kansas City, Mo.
. S. S. S. neutralizes this acid '.poison,
cools the blood and restores it to a healthy,
natural state,. and L the rough, unhealthy
3kin becomes soft, ftinooth and dear.
0tk M^ jl^ cures Tetter, Ery-
K 1 sipelas, .rsoriasis, Salt
t^^. .^^ Rheum > and "all akin"
LI f^M 1^9 diseases due to a pois-
condition of the
blood. Send for our book and write us
about your case. Our physicians have
made these diseases a life study, and can
help you' by their advice ; . we make no
charge for this service. All correspondence
4s conducted in strictest confidence. >>*>•
J THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, QA.' ,
\u25a0 \u25a0 -,~, < • . \u25a0 r 11 . .- \u25a0
AUCTION
\u25a0 We will offer
A Choice and
Select List
of Properties
Belonging to the
Estate of
W. A. Piper
for his heirs
AT
AUCTION
MONDAY,
NOV. lltll, 1901,
at 12 o'clock noon,
at our salesroom.
by order of
fiostave EL Umbsen,
Sole Referee.
Catalogues
with full particulars
can be obtained
at onr office.
G. H. Umbsen
& uOi
14 Montgomery st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't Je Fat.
Keir trd Eeairiable Hose Treatoeat
That Sed^s Weight to Ncraal
"Brhiost Diet or Medicine, &nd
Is Absolutely Safe.
A Trill Seit Free to All by Mail, Postpaid,
Sealed ia rlziz Packsga.
Writ* To-Day.
D-m t be t™ rzt: d--.n"t paii sni Mow; don't
er.--lar.FT y-.ur life with a lot cf \u2666\u25a0rcess fat; anil
furthorrr.orp ''."n't rain your stomach with a lot
nt u»*l**3 'Jruci! an*! patent ra»<liclnes. Send
yocr nir.. and. *M.r»t* %i% Pr^f. Y. J. K^llr-**,
1T6 W. jlaln Htr»:»:t. I-'attl«- <"r»-elc. Mich., and
h* wr*!! *»t.-1 y-i»i ?r«*«? a trtal parkasre or h'.r. r*-
marfcable- tr'rairn^nt tbat rcducoa the weight to
norraiti. L»o DtC be afraid »<f evil conwguenc?*,
the tre.htzr*-™ k prr^tly saf». Is natural and
fcci^ntit.r trig m*v<-% *uch a <S?sre* of comfort «»
tn astonish «h'«*- w»»o hsv* ;«»nt~i and pf-r-
•plrri cn<j-r th } weietot <tt «i»» fat. It takes
off th* hi* BtKfiacb. rlv«*»i thf h*art fr^?dom
er.«Meir *he. laags to • \|,anJ naturally, and. you
••111 f*«l a hundred time* »^tt*r th* first day
you try this » »n<>rtul horn* trMUtn»>nt Mr
Arthur K. W«J! ire of Ablncdon. uho tri»-l this
.trtratiiH-nt. naya: "Th«- *tt-t-\ of your ro<»thorj
for r*da'1r.*r T.*-*a ii «m«> that I ran slncer* l>
oommen<& to 'fat* j>-ople. I wiprh"! 3-;2 co'JMn't
Ci-t up a. filsrtjf -rf Ktalr^ \u25a0rttbSOt blov.lnjt life. »
Xxirpoji*. »\u25a0»» iciwraM^ ?r.im morn till night
ni.<\ tbxkXA fcav^ dead »njr mlnut* I
u»»-'l your mrthoflf. <ll!!i('ntly for n>>v;n days ami
-was thunijTStrvtli to find that I could breath*
nsturtiJIy; In Ur-.nf+n Aay% I tlfrt>c<l th»- rm\^
ut 2*7; In thtrti' dxyj. J w-fclphrrl 269; In elKht
«<f»ka wan rrturw! u> 212 pound*, which I>r
J<-»n»^i. my phynlrian. wli v.-om norraaL I a;»i
k'.x l**l tt7f, hl*ti end cf larir<? tram* and to
Krl down nearly a hundred pound* j a rf . ma rk-
ebl«. Dr. Jone* «>n you Are a wu\m, 1 gay
you are th* woikIt of th- a*"., and I heartily
Jndr>r«e your •n-*i'si"n\ a» the Iwtit lif»-«3v!nir
d^vjr*' r-vt-T \n\-rr\U-C. Am glad to wHt* you
and will try to J*» of an much iwrvire to you
a* you have tn m«*"
Writ*- for a free trial parka** to-<iay.
CONTINUATION SALE
LAST WEEK
OF THE GIUCN-D
AUCTION
ORIENTAL
RUGS
MONDAY. OCTOBER a,
hTA 4a»r «t 1 p. m., only oae «alo and
that in the a.Ui>rnoin. - -
Vour Ian goliirn opportunity. Ask the
2*> I mi >. r* during the tact -WKeY; th»y vlll
«\u25a0 II you » hat blc barc&Ina can be ubUlu<d
ai this auetion.
M. n. SIIHRAN,
Z3 I'OST UT.. m*r PoweU. '
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured of Files »
Where KnHFo Failed.
' Amos Crocker of Worcester writes:
"After going through a. frightful surgical
operation and after trying any number of
salves ond ointments, one BOc box of Pyr-'
nmld Pile Cure pave speedy relief and it
quickly cured me." All druggists sell It.
Little book, "Piles, Cauees and Cure."
mi. Hod free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich. \u25a0Trapper's Oil cures rhtumttlim sndn«uralgls.
Druggists, Mo flaik. Richard ft Co., 401 Clay. •
HARRISBURG, Pa., Oct. 19.— The nom
ination of E. A. Coray Jr. of Pittston for
State Treasurer by the Democratic State
Committee was declared Invalid by the
Dauphin County Court. An opinion giv
ing the reasons for the court's action will
probably bo handed down on Monday. A
meeting of the Democratic State Com
mittee has been set for Tuesday In this
city, and It Is expected Mr. Coray will
ngnin be nominated. The decision docs
not affect tho validity of his nomination
by the Municipal League and Union par- 1
ty State conventions. • %, - . /,
The objection to the Democratlo nom
ination-was Died by John M. Carman,
former chairman of the Democratic. State
Committee, and Patrick Donahue, one of
the six members of the committee from
Philadelphia, who were expelled for . al
leged party disloyalty. 'They contended
that the nomination was Illegal because
the ncats of thefo members worn declared
vacant and their places filled Iby others
without givlnfc them a chance to be heard.
Han on Democratic Ticket for State
. Treasurer " of Pennsylvania -
Oets One Setback.
CORAY'S NOMINATION
IS DECLARED ILLEGAL
Do not fall to fee the $125 sealskin Jacket
which Berwln & Gas3iier are showing thi*
season. -It lit a handsome garment and
cannot bu duplicated unywhere' In the
world at the. price.- Derr/ln ft Gassner
guarantee this i;iirmi-nt and keep It In re
pair for two years free of charge. Other
fur*, equally as good value, are shown at
this popular fur house at 110 Kcarny St. •
8125 Sealskin Jacket.
Leave Third and Townsend (special)
Monday. Oct. 21st. 8:30 a. m. Arrive Santa
Barbara 7:30 p. m. Remain there night
Stopovers where 'desired. Return by Han
Joaquin or Coast Division. $15 to Los An
geles and return. S19 BO San Diego and re
turn. Office 613 Market street.
Southern Pacific Excursion to South
ern California.
daughter of Colonel 'Fife, who has been
visiting Mrs. Duboce for the last two
months. •
Will Beside in Tacoma,
Colonel and Mrs. Fife will start for Ta
coma Immediately after the ceremony.
Colonel ' Fife's home at K and Eighth
ptreets hns been newly furnished for the
coming of Its new mistress. Miss Anna
Fife will come on ahead, and with her
two brothers, aged 10 and 12 year*, will
be here to welcome her stepmother.
Colonel Fife's first wife was Miss Flora
Thompson, daughter of State Senator L.
V. Thompson.- one of the ploneerj of
Western Washington. She was a lovable
woman and the entire city was shocked
when she died suddenly five yenrs u£i>.
For ten year* previous to the outbreak
of the Spanish war Colonel Fife hnd been
one of the most prominent nnticnal
punrdomen In this State. Ills friend.*
pought for him. and wore \u25a0 promised tho
colonelcy of the First Washington Regi
ment when it was organized. Strung
rivnl Influences were brought into play
nnd Lieutenant J. II. Wholly of the reg
ular army was appointed Instead during
Colonel Fife's absence in Alaska. Colo
nel Fife- was then made lieutenant colo
nel , .
POLL OF VOTERS GIVES
SETH LOW PLURALITY
Experimental Canvass in Various
Districts of Hew York Shows
Interesting Results. ,
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.-Hcr.i!d and Call
reporters to-day polled nearly ai.000 votes
of Greater New York on the Mayoralty
contest. Brooklyn borough. In a total
vote ot 10.52?, gnve Seth Low a plurality
of 253, Indicating that the fusion cundl
date, if this ratio should be maintained,
will cany Kings County by u plurality
of 4000 votes.
In the territory south of Cnnal street
and west of Mrondtvay. Manhattan, which
includes the "dry goods" district, the Her
ald found four voters who declared for
Low to every man whose profrronoc was
for Shepnrd. Fifty-six business houses
were visited and G32 voters were asked to
declnre their Intentions. Of this number
4l5~7?nrolled under the fusion banner and
11? declared for Shepard.
Pacific Mail Steamer I«auched.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Oct. 19.— The
Pacific Mall steamship Siberia, the largest
vessel ever constructed In America, was
to-day Buccessfully launched by the New
port News Shipbuilding Company's yards.
Miss Belle Norwood -Tyler, daughter of
Governor J. Hoge Tyler, was i sponsor.
About 20,000 • persons were present. The
Siberia's length Is approximately COO feet
and displacement about 19,000 tons.
The lire. 1« supposed to have been start
ed by the bursting of an oil' stove. It Is
Impossible to estlmnte the loss nt pres
ent, but it is 'roughly plnced nt between
MOO.000 and KJOO.ooo. of which not more
than half is covered by insurance.
At 4:30 o'clock two of the business
blocks were destroyed and the flre spre-iri
to Be.ntlnck street and half an hour later
Bruce, George, Bentlnck and Charlotte
streets were a mass of lire. The miners
resorted to the u»e of dynamite and sev
eral buildings were blown up, with but
little effect, as the strong wind carried
thf burning embers jlo other bulldlngt*.
The flne building belonging to the Union
Hank of Halifax and the .Baptist and
Presbyterian churches were so\>n de
rtroyed. At 7 o'clock the flre had reached
th« cast end of Chariot to, street nnd here
us progress was, stayed. The blocks on
Wentworth, Prince nnd Plit streets and
half a block on George street were <]«•
ntroyed.
HALIFAX. N.iS.. Oct. 19.-Th* prosper
ous and thriving town of Sydney. Cape
Breton, was almost swept out of exist
ence to-cay by a conflagration, which
started about 2 o'clock. The flames, which
were fanned by a forty-flve-mlle gale,
swept through the principal business por
tion of the town. Four blocks of the
finest business buildings are In ashes.
The only thins; that saved the city from
total destruction was a heavy rainstorm,
which set In after dark. The wind de
creased In fury and the firemen and hun
dreds of miners succeeded in getting the
fire under conttol. Over sixty buildings
are In ashes i.rul many more are badiy
scorched. The buildings were nearly all
large wooden structure?, and they burned
so fiercely that It was Imposslbk to save
any of their contents.
Tho flre started In a three-Btory fram<)
building on Charlotte street, occupied by
A. D. Ullles and Gordon & Keith. When
the firemen arrived on the scene the
building was burning and the wind wan
blowing the flames Over the tops of ad-
Joining buildings. Half an hour after the
flre started one-quarter of the tui.-lr.c**
portion of the town was In flames. The
water supply gave out, and the engines
had to be sent to the harbor, to pump
water.
Zt Is only, a few weeks since a number
of white Democrats co-operated with
Broker Washington In regard to the ap
pclntme&t of ex -Governor Jones to a va
caacyon the Federal bench in Alabama,
and Washington spoke fpr these white
Democrats when he came to the capital
and assured Roosevelt that Jones would
«coept the appointment and that It would
be satisfactory to all classes.
Washington had seen the President and
had acted as his agent in Interviewing
GoTwnor Jones and others as to the ap
pointment. The Southern Democrats ap
plaofled the appointment of Jones and
they praleed %\ ashington for using his ln
floeac* at the White House to secure such
ea appointment for a Democrat. Then
they all spoke of Washington as a gentle
man of culture and a refined sense to cut
loose frora the Republican leaders of the
negro party In the South and work in har
mony with the best class of the whites.
>.©w they are abu*tng th«> President for
<ilnlng with "a nigger."
The Southern people had only praise for
Mm when he was arrangrine to take Vice
President Roosevelt to Tuskegee and
Montgomery and Atlanta this fall and
they were eager to co-operate with him
Jn entertaining such a dist! Aliened \'is
itor. They still hope to have President
CA3VT* BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
Jf. W M WASHINGTON. Oct. IS.—Presi
ded Roosevelt has a fine sens© of humor
end while he regTets he has without mal
ice stirred up a tempest In a teapot for
the Somthera editors by entertaining Pro
fersor Booker T. Washington at dinner
h.e cannot put aside the humorous elde of
ziie slttuutloc
6j»c1aI SMepatch to The CalL
STORM FAVORS
FURIOUS FIRE
WRATH AMUSES
THE PRESIDENT
"President Roosevelt has an absolute
right to eat with any man he may choose
to invite. He also has the right to have
colored men and women call on Mrs.
Roosevelt and dine with the family. He
has the right to have his children asso
ciate with negro children and In time to
become htmttelf fframlfather to a mulat
to. All of these 'right!)' are on all fours.
The obliteration of the color line In this
case carries with it the possibility of all
the others. It Is a natural sequence. If
it is the purpose of the President to solve
the race question this way he Is welcome
to *nter upon it.Jtmt millions of American
men and women of the North and all the
whites who live in the South will leave
him severely alone In his new found role
and take care we do not become a race
of mongrels." \
FORT SCOTT. Kans.. Oct. 19.— Senator
Tlllman of South Carolina gave out tho
following signed statement In this city to
night regarding the Invitation of Booker
T. Washington to the White House:
Be Let Severely Alone.
South Carolinian Says Roosevelt Will
SHABP WORDS OF TTLLMAN.
To-day the President has received many
mccsagts rrom Southern men urging him
to pay no attention to the "yawp of bour
bon editors" who have not been able to
get over their old habit of. hysterical dis
cussion of "social equality."
Roosevelt visit the South, and If he goes
he will go as a guest of Booker T. Wash
ington. The President knows, too, that
the real leaders of the South, the white
Democrats, do not sympathize with this
hue and cry of Southern editors because
Wasnlngton was a guest at the White
House.
WIDOW OF BRAVE- COLONEL.
; DUBOCE AND THE MAN SHE
WILL/WED. ",' *:-\'
A MIAN Y. Oct. 19.-Sccretary of State
liny. In a letter to State Superintendent
of Prisons Collins, declines the Invitation
of the latter to designate an official rep
resentative of the Governments to be
present at the electrocution of Czolgnxz,
the murderer of President McKlnley. The
letter of Secretary Huy says:
"While thanking you for your courtesy,
It in not considered -expedient to have a
representative of the Government present
on the occasion you refer to."
Hay Declines Invitation.
Lodi Woman Bitten by a Reptile That
Made Its Home In a Camp
ing 1 Outfit.
STOCKTON. Oct. 19.— Mrs. George Edle
mon, wife of a rancher east of Lodi, was
bitten by a rattlennake several evenings
ngo. The family was on a long camp
ing trip last summer, and on returning
piled the camp bedding in a shed near
the house. Mrs. Killcmon was undoing
one of the bundles when she received a
sudden sting. She screamed and ran Into
the hnii.-«- with a small rnttleHnake hang
ing to her arm. Mr. Kdlemon gave his
wife heavy potion* of whisky and called
u physlclun. T'.ie Hrm swelled rapidly for
the first hour, but wuh Inter reduced. An
other make w.ik found the. next morning
In tin* bundle Mm. Kdlemon was untying
when bitten.
f»j| s^ACOMA. Oct. 13.— Great surprise
II has been occasioned In Tacoma by
II the announcement to-night that
11 Colonel William J. Flfs had start
ed for San Francisco, to be mar
ried there next week. Colonel Fife has
kept hi* Intentions so closely to himself
that only his most Intimate friends knew
of the purpose of his trip south. Next
Friday at noon he will be married In the
First Congregational Church In Ban
Francisco to Mrs. Mary C. Duboce. widow
of the late Colonel Victor D. Duboce of
-the First California Volunteers. The cere
mony will be performed by Mrs. Duboce'a
pastor, the Rev. George C. Adams. I Col
onet and Mrs. Fife will leave San Fran
cIbco on Friday evening, stopping at sev
eral resorts ea .- route north . and arriving
here In about -two weeks.
Colonel Flft left. for Ban Francisco an
Thursday evening. Thougb offered a po
sition in the consular service abroad for
hl» cffectlre' wock'to the- laat campaign.
Colonel Fife. orcf«rred*:nfil ,- to.. leave nls
children, xvho' ar« bobig educated here.
He has accordingly becn<aervJng as Dep
uty County Treasurer. It vat through
his associates in this office that the pur
posr of- his vlxlt to California became
known to-day.' Colonel Fife had Intended
to entirely surprise >hli. friends by making
no announcement of- his wedding until it
had actually, taken . place. . Next Friday
was chosen as the date because that will
be the colonel's birthday."
Fife a Comrade.
Like many another wedding In San
Francisco during the put three years
that of Colonel Fife and Mrs. Duboce will
be the sequel to a romance of the late war
with Spain. Two years and a half ago
Colonel Fife railed out of San Franclxco
Bay In command of the Fifth expedition,
comprising 1500 troops, who were carried
to Manila by the transports Senator and
Valencia. lie had previously been In com
mand of the troops stationed at Fontana
and Angel Island. In' the Philippines he
was thrown often Into the company of
Colonel Duboco and they became fast
friends. As a result of their comradeship
he- came to know Mrs. Dul>oce. Litter
Colonel Duboce died and Colonel Fife
found that hi* friendship for the charming
woman had grown Into a stronger attach
ment. Several months ago he made a con
siderable May In San Franclrro iwnl wn« a
frequent caller at the home of Mrs. Dur
boce.
The wedding will be a quiet one. the
bride being given away by Charles F.
Laumct*ter. an old friend of Mr*. Du
boce's family. One of those witnessing
the ceremony will be Miss Anna F. Fife,
RATTLESNAKES HIDDEN
IN BUNDLE OF BEDDING
Widow of Colonel Victor Duboce to Tlarry
Colonel William J. Fife of Tacoma.
WEDDING WILL BE SEQUEL
TO A WARTIME ROMANCE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUM DAY, OCTOBER 2 ), I?)01.
24
| -IgRAND:; OPENING']
I ..... /-fk 1 ; ... •_ \u25a0. , ... ,^i>
p S. STROZYNSKI .m,i j
tV-40 GEARY STREET, NEAR KBARNY. !
,vg II -MM ..;———: ' \u25a0 i m \
;; ' MR. RYBICKJ jjst # returned wi h the haidsorr.est -\|
;: : selection of PARISIAN HA R ORNAMENTS and '!
;; NOVELTIES for the OPERA. Prices reasonable.; "
#-»\u2666 » » \u2666 » \u2666 » \u2666 \u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666» » »-+-»l^».+.»_+_^».».+ »_ 4 _».+. 4 .;».j |
; THE J NOONAN FURNITURE CO, INC \
! IfSI #-.We'Qive ; :
I W^^Sm Credit or !;
f^^^^Mr You Can j
Pa y Cash ':
5^ JfeSJ^^LIv! J "ll 1 We can furaish vour house through- ' ,
' ilyr^¥a \ - \ out ccm Pl ete « We nave evirything I
~JLfc&-m s &9L£* ' Z? ' n lhe hou^ekifpins: line, and all at /
\ ~^-_ \S^^\ZZ-' moderate, prices. Our prices can»ot ,'
> , < j^7~-~-9rxS^T *"^jw-***T^ be te »t — as cur last, carpet salo >
1 COVErFncTtWO ACRES OF. SPACE with an immense stock of 1
I Hous- Fuinhning Gooas of every descrlpton, we are in position to show \
,y>j any.hiuj you de*ir.*. '
1 " Our pnecs ar: « i.hln the r«ach of ail, no matter how small your Income, i '
i W? h ve h • coo 's you want and at prices to m«et the siz; of your purse, ,
i *o>. Thou«anJs can testify to thi* »act, and do so daily.
t O.»r option is unrquilrd. l.'s out ot the hlg^rent district, so our \
ex^n"«*< ar- cut to tne lo-vist fi jure— vhlch is a benefit to yoifc as you I
Joi»'. h .v; to piy <o mu h for yjur gocd*. See our prices, which' prove ,
wl'.rit •»« -ay. - ' \u25a0_• • . ( i
We Own Our Building. Wo Don ; t Pay Any Rent. I
THZzJ. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.. 'i
II 17-1023 MUalon Street, above Sixth. 8«n FmncUco. \u25a0 \\
CWf A-eiy nl?ht. except SnturJays and the day prectdlnv boltdayn. at • o'clock sharp. '
SSllSiSi BRADFORD
#W"'Nulfcb- QUICKSILVER MINE
ffljjgj^jpv- FROM THE EYES • «an bbmjo ca,
! * »S THt NATURAL REAOiHG ; :^}f$^^& &j£j^2»y*
• r^w 1^ distance Nearer oRFUftTHtn *™™ »»• Th « »»"•* wU| b « «"« «<» ««•»•
' ."«».: * _- ..i «f or* ar« Uevtlop«d with a »h*ft »» r.«t J«p
---- CALL AW> SEE US •««» J 00 * '••* of tuan«l». \V« own T» «cr«» oC
' . rr ~7 Z Z. ' |aM wtth bulldlnca and machinery, W« want
WWlWiwWPt^MD *%ti& JSft a tf^. tMlwa "* ™ ™ i
:yPTICIAN5 PHOTO?" SiVodiW Prtatdent and U«n«ral VLwS*.
v ' ' c M*% la \ m!!ll- • OUPPltB* t North Market it, Kan Jw*"cil.
• «^X> 64? MARKET ST. ©-r* Proap^tui and Exhibit at Uranch O«oe,
ilklnrit rtatnmntmiH^T^ M KBARNT 8TRKKT, San FYaacUe*
MONDAY 10:30 A. ffl.
1049 Market St.
MORRISON'S
GREAT
BOOK
AUCTION
Will continue DAILY
Until this ENORMOUS STOCK
of 15 TONS Is closed out.
W. C. MORRISON.
Auctioneer.
We caill particular attention
to our display this week of
Fine White and Colored fflan-
Kets, Th^e Blankets are
made to our special order
arid on examination will be
found the best values ever
offered by us.
SPECIMEN VALUES:
5 cases White All-Wool Blankets for single
beds. , «i— t^
$3.75 Pair.
4 cases White All-Wool Blankets for three-
Quarter Ms,- A r>r- n •
/ $4.25 Pair.
*7 cases White All-Wool Blankets for full-size
heds $5.00 Pair.
5 cases Extra Lame White Satin Finish Bed
Spreads, hemmed readD for use.
$2.50 Each.
10 cases Full Size Printed Sllkollne Comfort-
ers, with Dure snow flake filllna-
$1.25 Each.
Best Brands of Sheeting, Pillow Case Cotton
and Made Sheets and Pillow Cases at less
than present mill prices.
fll. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
COVERED DELIVERY
WAGOiNS
for all purposes. We are the largest,
manufacturers of fine Delivery Wagons
in the United 'States. Waeons painted
andjettcrcd to suit your fancy."
STUDEBAKEl?
Rros. Company
Market and Tenth Streets. v
\u25a0 ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I THEBE'S A DASH f 'ijPf ) -%t '
CTDAI T CD '^Wm^^'i^^
5lKULLhK fclfrijSl
Thai has made it the prime fa- \u25a0}' V ! 'l WP^ '• j a
vorife winter eoat with the smart- \u25a0•/ "'••- $ , Wl?*i '/M ;
It has that fullness around the ' f^^MW'. •'"*,' ' J^4=iiji
shoulders which ma lies it hang | 'Wulfiv "• ' ' i B^TrMfl :
and drape in a very graceful £ -Wml'M ; ' ' •' "
Yoked i7i front and bach, which C 'Wjjnfl// 1 ' • j ! '; j ||SIh w'\/ '
is t he swell idea in those very swell \ rmNi/f/i * : * j ; .'l\\f ; E
greenish effects, with a faint \ '-Ww.' ///// '\u25a0 '\u25a0 : * I 1 *' "\\f// %
plaid running through it, in the ?'. rjffi$w f ji & ii ! ' J J * \\y: |
grayish effects, with strip?, stripe \^ .^Wwtfj/f. \ • : ; \ *'*}\\l/i\
invisible and in that smart Ox- (- \ \ " « >$}'"• > iff
The coat is exquisitely handled ! * * ' • % ! f •^\u25a0l^l
by the very best tailors. It is a t; ! " ' - sl ! ' " >W| '
coat that hasn't its peer at I * ''- . '*'} * -•• ••'^Ik'1
$20.00. The price has made it K • '•' ' < : - • \-'\ ='"i'-ffl|3'
M MEN'S OVERCOAT DEPARTMENT. - : ' -"J • • •.. . , ' '-jBffl' ' jfe
vShoe
I Does not consist in merely looking at a -shoe, I
1 though a glance will' show that our new exclusive J
I fall styles are smarter by far in shape and finish I
B than any others of this season's footwear— and this I
season's shoes are the prettiest ever. True shoe
criticism is based on use; and it i s use, above all,
that will bring out the perfect fit and consequent
lasting power of the fine leather in our shoes. It is
use that will show the difference between the shoe-
makers that supply us and the other kind. ; .LOB A NO ELKS, Oct. 19.— Tho published
story of a gigantic oil and mlnoral land
deal, In which the United States, Btecl
Corporation -la claimed to be ir factor, Is
denied by T. E. Gibbon, vice president
and general counael of the Bait Lake, Loa
Angeles" and San i Pedro / Railroad, v Mr.
Gibbon to-night said the story was news
to him and that It was purely Imagina
tive. ; .. -.-; ... ;\u25a0'-• •\u25a0:;\u25a0. \u25a0-- , . .;
Denies Reported Oil Land , Deal.
Thls will be represented by: preferred
stock, which will be given to owners of
the several paying plants. The valuation
Is to be baaed upon the average earning
capacity of the mills for the pant thrca
years. Unproductive mills will be paid
for In common stock.*
QALVESTON, Tex.. 'Oct.' 19.— C. L.
Clark of Chicago has been appointed land
and tax i commissioner*, of the Gulf, . Colo-
Land 'and: Tax Commissioner.
\u25a0 OMAHA, Oct. lD.-FIro which originated
In W. L. May & Co.'s wholesal* grocery
store, at Howard and Eleventh streets,
did 1100,000 damage to the concern and ad
joining i wholcsalo houses. Tho greatest
loss, was .suffered by tho Groat western
Type Foundry, which, on building arid
stOckV' will aggregate- $40.000. ' Other losers
arc \V. I... May & Co., stock, and build
ing, 125,000;. Carpenter. Paper Company,
$26,000; Mercer ; Chemical Company und
Voegel & Dinning, wholesale 'Confection
ers, $3000 each.--. ••. \u25a0\u25a0'*••\u25a0•-,.- • .\u25a0;\u25a0• \u25a0 \u25a0 .•:.*\u25a0•
Severe Fire In Omaha.
Berkeley lost hope of winning, as another
touchdown and goal . would only tie the
'score. . . " # , •. •«\u25a0..'.. :„'; \u25a0 -, v
tlmeke*p«r*. Everett Brown and Dave Brown:
linemen, John' Nouroe and 'Clay, the former
Berkeley tackle. ~ ,
rndo and Santa Fa Railway, vice Fred
M. Gilbaugh, resigned.
Kansas « Jbintists" Are Convicted.
WINFIELD, Kans., Oct. 19.— Two Jolnt-
Ists, Chad and Doc Lindsay, were con
victed in the Police Court to-day of sell-
Ing liquor on forty counts. They were
sentenced to six months in Jatl and tlned
$100 on each count. Thla will merin twenty
yeara'-ln Jail and a fine ofWOOO. .. • ,; «
For Three New Vessels.
SYRACUSE. N." Y., Oct. 19.-The Globe
Navigation Company, of Seattler at a
meeting In this city. to-day.Woted to build
three vessels for use on the Pacific in ad
dition to two ; now. under construction. - ,'
be vulncrab e, and Stanford never stopped
till the ball was eighteen yards from a
touchdown, when California »ot the ball
on a fumble. Bush punted, the ball going
LONDON*. Oct. ID.— Souea, who Is prov
ing a kti at attraction at G!a«/row, returns
to London In November and will give
twelve concerts at Covent Gardrn and
twelve >n the affrnoonn at tho Empire.
Jx Glarsow th« Grenadier Guards' band
\h irfmultaneoualy performing, but no ri
valry has arlKcm, the bandsmen of the
• vo countries fraternizing to a marked
deer**. They were photographed In one
eroup and Sousa'a men gave the Grena-
Ciera a complimentary supper, tbe Grena
diers returning the compliment.
Sousa and the Grenadiers.
cotton mill operatives of thla city and the
executive committee of the Manufacture
ers^Aesodatlon was held this afternoon,
lasting nearly three hours, during which
time the demand for G per cent advance
In wages waa renewed and again declined
by the manufacturers, leaving the situa
tion practically unchanged.
ers nor rhythmic yells. During the Inter
mission between the halfs the demonstra
tion waa all Btanford'n, and at the end of
the frame It was the Stanford band that
California Asphalt for Australia.
LOS ANGEL.B8, Oct. 19.-Fourteen car
loads of especially prepared asphalt fRr
street paving purposes was shipped Ihls
afternoon for Ban Francisco,' for tran
shipment to Melbourne. The shipment Is
made by the People's Oil Producing Com
pany and the asphaltum it derived from
the oil from the La Brea ranch. The In
tention la to aubatltute thia eapeclal'v
prepared aaphalt for pitch, which is now
extensively employed In coating the cedar
blocks used In paving the streets of, thj
Australian city. • . •: .
No Concessions by Manufacturers. .
FALL RIVER, Mass., Oct.. 19.— A con
ference between the representatives of the
Sulphite Manufacturers Combine.
BOSTON, Oct. 19.— The understanding
that yesterday's meeting of nulphlte man
ufacturers of the United States and Can
ada here was for the purpose of combin
ing their interests waa confirmed to-day.
The new company is to he known as the
United Box, Board and Paper Company,
and will be capitalised at about 110,000,000.
be oxpect^d to do better than he did. Bae'ltzer olayed a good
game, but the ball came to him bo herd from center that fumbles 'were
Inevitable. When More-head" » shoulder was dislocated last week It was
too late to develop another center, snd the boys are not to be. blamed for
the fumbling'. - f — . .
"The freshmen played for all there was in them— there was no quitting.
The better team won, but the losers lost with honor."-^ames Hopper.
California assistant coach. In an Intevlew aftn the game. ,\u25a0
STAXFOnn was quicker to seiz* opportunities It wax a gnme of
opportunities and the Stanford men were always there, while too
often our men wcro standing around. Our ofTennc vfu somewhat
weakened by the pawing. Stroud wan taken from the guard posi
tion ami put in at center to-d»y for tho fir»t tlmo and he could. not
GAME FULL OF OPPORTUNITIES.
\u25a0 "The Stanford men, lighter then their opponents, got lower In
the line and held much better. Tarry'* work was beyond 'criticism* except
when he played In too cIoko and let Graves past for his run and touch
down. Bnrtell did good work on the tic tensive and Sllllman's Interference
for Tarpy after the Blocked kick was magnificent. Kehrleln played a good
end, though Graves made his gains there. Boyles, tit the other end, did
remarkably well for his experience. H& had practiced at the end position
but twice and never at left end.*'— Charles Plckett, Stanford coach, in an
interview after the came. • • »., . ,- ,* ..
THIS game, was won by tramjwork and the, ability, to recover, fum
bled balls. ' California piaytV. creat ball, too. and 4he gume was
• the most \ Interesting to spectators of any freshman match yet
played here, and few varsity games have excelled It in that re
, 4 . apect. . '. , '. . . • -"• : , . • . : ' -\u25a0 \u25a0
TEAM WORK WON THE VICTORY.
DURBAN, Natal. Oct. 19.-General De
wet's recent inactivity has produced tha
Impression among military men that ho
is either dead or incapacitated through
illness or wounds. According to "a letter
from Pretoria a prominent Boer recently
wrote a friend there relating the terrible
hardships suffered by the Boers in tho
field, especially from a lack of surgeons.
"Dewet for example," wrote this Boer,
"suffered the most terrible agony before
he died. He was wounded in the shoul
der by a splinter from a shell, and the
wound gangrened in consequence of its
being dressed with dirty rags.
"Five Boers' captured at different places
recently said Dewet was dead, but gave a
different of his death. Against
these reports is a statement of *Piet Devll
liers. the field cornet recently taken pris
oner in the northeastern part of the Or
ange River Colony, s^o said that on th©
morning of his capture he took breakfast
with General Dewet.." •
Harvard Defeats West Point.
WEST POINT, N. Y.. Oct. 19.-At least
4000 people witnessed a hard fought foot
ball same between Harvard and West
Point to-day. It waa the most hotly con
u *ted and evenly matched game ever
played on West Point's oval. It was by
k more scratch that Harvard scored
against West Point, their only touchdown
br Ing made forty seconds before time was
called. After a down and a scrimmage*
Kernan broke through the West Point,
line and ran forty-live yards for a touch
down, aided by the first good interference
Harvnrd had shown. Kutts then kicked
the goal. Score, 6 to 0. • "• , •
NEAV YORK. Oct won to
day's football came with Hamilton by a
score of 12 to 2. .
Lipton Opposes Racing Machines.
CHICAGO. Ocfc 13.-Slr Thomas Llpton
to-day \u25a0 declared himself in " favor ; of a
change in the construction of challengers
and defenders of the America's cup.
"The yachts should be something raora
than mere racing machines." said - Sir
Thomas. "The present yachts are not
safe. Should .the cup ever cross to the
other side the challenger would have to
be built according to British ideas of
stability." . •-*"\u25a0&\u25a0\u25a0>
Sir .Thomas will leave to-night for New
York. . . :\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ._-.... ,,.;.<.,
PANA. V 111.. Oct. 13.— Robert' McWirrt.
instructor at Brush College, fell dead to
day while playing football with studenta.
Dies While Playing Football.
that told the wayfarer whose was tho vic
tory.
Stanford won the toss and took the tveRt
goal, with the light wind In tlK'lr favor.
California kicked off 35 yard?, and Stan
ford immediately began hammering the
line, but after several Kn'r.s was forced
to kick, and •.'nltfornla h»»l the bull on
the uO-yard lino. On the* Hrst buck th«y
fumbled and Stanford Rot the bnll In th»>
center of the ilcld. Then fallowed tcrrlnc
line smashing by Paul Tarpey, Dole, Pnr
tell, Dave Tarpey and fiefton. The right
aide of the Ca'lfornla line was found to
Bnrtell ran the klckoff In five yard.*, but
HllHmuM wan thrown -back by. D.-metltt
nnd Tai|.iy wii.» forced to punt, liesunt
the ball 3"> yards. Berkeley fumbled tho
punt and' Taylor fell on tho Unli. Stan
ford's ball U ynrdn across \u25a0 center Into
Berkeley territory. Alter several bucks
Tarpey punted 35 yards again, and Befton
dropped Sneltn-r with the ball six yarda
from the ijonl line. Bush punted out of
danger larpny punted hlirh Into the air
for but flvo yards' gain and Berkeley had
its first opportunity to xhow Its mettle
on the offensive, with the ball eight yarda
Into Btanford territory. Onatuch went
through for two ynrdri, Rlsley circled
Line bu< kinir netted gains again until
the j:>-yonl line was reached. There the
Cnllfnrnln litre Iran d. nnd two downs se
cured^ but two yards. Paul Tarpey
dropped lack for. a ?pla.-e kick. The bull
enmo iruc, Htillr.i.-ui |>iac<-<l it with ma
chlne-llke precttlon nnd Turpey sent the
oval sailing Htni!j;ht and swllt sriunrciy
between the poMn and a few feet above
the bar us pi»ttlly an n budebull pitcher
throw * n straight bail over the plate.
The smMi-mioHH of tho achievement nnd
!t« brilliancy took I he breath of the upec
tutorn for a moment, and then the Stan
ford crowd broke nuo r frandu cheers. The
demonnliatlon that follower! whb one the
like of which. has weldom been acen In the
games here. In spite- of the comparative
nrptillr.cys'of the crowd.
Ten minutes only of the flrat half was
non* nnd lh« uocre was: Stanford 5, Cal
ifornia 0. .
out of bounda. nnd Btanford had the pig-
Bkln eight yards acrovs the center In
Ucrktley territory.
Tarpey Kicks Field Goal.
Steamer Goddard Meets
Disaster on Lake
Le Barge.
Th* name mentioned In the teletrram is
that of Miss McDanalti'8 brother, who wad
captain of the steamer. No particulars
tat given as to the manner in which the
rraf t met her doom, and th© names of tho
others who were lost are omitted. A tel
egram addressed to tbe local officer of the
company, however, states that the God
tfard was lost on Sunday last and that
\u25a0be waa a total wreck. It Is quite prob
able that the three who were drowned
comprised all who were aboard her.
The steamer Goddard was a sister boat
to tbe Kllbourne, which, with another
email ftteamer, has been employed by the
company In towing logs and scows for
the mills. Tbe Kllbourne waa operated
on the Upper Yukon, towing logs and
m;mw b as far a« the White Horse Rapids.
Th#**i would be picked up by the God
dard at th* other end and towed acroaa
tti». lake. J'.oth boats were built at Ben
nett in ivt*. They are about sixty feet
long and have iron hulls.
The Intelligence wa* received In tele
grams from Carib<»«, Crossing by means
of tbe newly constructed wire, via Aeh
croft. Misa M. McDonald, the School
Board assistant Ffcretary, received from
her father at Cariboo Crossing the fol
lowing message:
CARIBOO CROSEINO, Oct. IS. vl» Arh
erolt, Oct. 18. — hurajner Oo^dafl wrecked on
LaJc* L* V.Atr- Three m«-n drowned. <Jharlej
&iw*r& amor.* tn* lott.
A. C. MctOXALD.
VICTORIA. B C, Oct. 15.— Another dis
aster ha* occurred on' the inland waters
of the gr*at north and thr^e more names
have b*en ad<3*d to the death roll, which
was start ed when civilization first turned
It* attention toward the coMen Klondike.
The eteamer Goddard, owned and operat
ed by the Vpr-^r Yukon Consolidated
Company. Is now but a memory, having
been totally wrecked on Lake Le Barge
lajit Sunday. Thr«* lives were lost.
Ei*dal Dli?etch to Th» Call
SCENES AT THE EIGHTH ANNUAL CALIFORNIA-STANFORD FRESH
MAN FOOTBALL CAME, AND THE STANFORD CAPTAIN TO WHOSE
BRILLIANT PLAYING THE VICTORY OF HIS TEAM WAS DUE.
Prisoners Say the Gen
eral Expired From
Recent Wounds.
BOERS DECLARE
DEWET IS DEAD
ANNAPOLIS. Md.. Oct. 19.— The naval
cadet football eleven defeated the team
of Lehigh University by a score of 18 to 0.
Nichols was shoved over the line for the
first touchdown In the first half, after
about ten minutes' play. In the second
h»lf Adams and Strassburger each made
a touchdown. Straasburger kicked all
three goals.
Ann Arbor— Michigan, 29; Northwest
ern. 0. Newton — Dartmouth. 6: Williams,
2. Chicago— Illinois. 24; Chicago 9. Phila
delphia—Pennsylvania. 6: Bushnell, 0.
Games on Various Fields.
"The most noticeable thing In the game
was the better team work ot the Stanford
eleven. Again, th« Stanford men were al
ways right after the ball. Those two fea
tures v:on the gnmc.
"Taylor den.>rvcs credit for his accurate
passing and coolneFS. Tarpey ran the
team with cxce.lcat judgment. Stanford's
en<l p>aya were not so successful -because
tho halfbacks did not block off the oppos
ing enda properly. Of the center men Van
Sickle aim Nissen played the best game.
Van Skkle repeatedly broke through and
tackled behind the line or broke up Inter
ference. No pains were made through
him. Nls?en passed well and recovered
mure fumbled balls than any man on the
Held, kartell played the best defensive
gumc of any of the backs."
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford. Positions. California.
Sertun Mml I.. E. R Demerttt
Buylsa.
D. Tarpey I* T. R Qaatrlch
V«n Sickle L. Q. It... Howard
M*.«rn C Stroud
Monxlngo andt It. Q. L, Heltmuller
Crother*. I
Ptlllman R. T. 1* Wilson
Kchrleln ..R. E. U... .Gage
Taylor Quarter S&eltssr
P. Torjwy ...1,. H. R... .Kelsey. Klttrell
• and Graves.
Bart»U n. H. L,.. Rlnley and
Evans.
Dole .' Fullback ....Bush
TTie official* were ns .{ollowi: .
Referee— J. F. L*n.iK»n: umpire, Percy Hall;
Stanford kicked off and'Saeltzer ran the
ball in to the '.V-yard line. Graves an
nexed 4 yards and men made another
great end run 2* yards long. He took 7
yard* more, anU Kvans, who had gone In
at letfhalf. joined the procession with IS
yards arout:u the other end. Graves was
thrown back H yards on the next play,
liush punwd 25 yards. Tarpey's punt was
blocked, i.ut Kehrlein gaved the ball on
the ?5-yard line. D. Tarpey plunged
through for 5 yards, and the whistle blew,
with the ball in Stanford's possession.
.After the game Dr. Frank Simpson, the
California head coach, said the best team
won and no uther explanation of the re
sult was necessary.
Percy Hall, the umpire of the game,
California's o!d captain and redoubtable
haifi.ack, said:
"The game was clean and good and
hard. '% l;*-re was no dirty work, both
tciitas showing a »portdnmnlike spirit.
Fumbling »o»t the gume for California.
Our team was weak ut the tackle posi
tions, nnd the team some way did not get
together. It was particularly fata!, too.
that «Jiaves was not used career und that
the Stanford uum's v. eakucsses were not
sooner discovered." V
Assistant I'rotessor Lewers of Stanford,
v. ho assisted in couching the victorious
team, said:
Stanford kicked from Its twenty-five
ynrdu* vantace. California's ball four
yardM from center In California territory.
Then Graves. Stillmnn and Evans, who
had taken ItlMoy'a place, made four nnd
five yard gains, until n fumble gave Stan
ford the hall on the thirty-five yard line.
Dole went into < the line for an eight-yard
gain. Tarpey.went around the rlmht oml
for five ynrds. A fumble forced Stanford
to punt. Tnrnny kicking thirty yards. Cal
ifornia's ball twelve yards from center In
California territory. .
It was from this point that Graves mml«
his great run for n touchdown. The Cali
fornia ccnMngrcnt wont Into a frenzy -of
Joy. Sncltxer. however, failed in kick the
goftl. The *core was S'nnford 11. Califor
nia 6. With but six minutes left to play
California kicked off. Stanford punted.
California's Lall un the fifty-yard line In
California territory. Then began some ter
riflc Hnc-KinashlnK by Kelsey. Klttrell 'nnd
Bush nnd by Gravex, who replaced Kltt
rell. Finally Stanford held en* the twen
ty-yard line and California prepared for
a place kick for n field goul. The ball
went w!c!e of the mark nnd low.
California brnced nnd held nnd on the
third down Tnrpey decided to try another
plnce kick for n field goal. The ball
skimmcil n little low and was blocked by
.1 California It no man. As It rebounded
Paul Tarpey ftlzcd It at the thirty-yurd
line, clrclvd the bunch <if California play
ers behind Stllltnans Interference, which
bowled the backs over, and sprinted the
thirty yards for a touchdown sijuurely
behind the goal post*. His try for goal
wan alxo successful and the score wa.i'in
cn-nsrd to 11 for Stanford to Berkeley's
0. Thr.t feat was done four mtnutc3 after
play began In the" second hnlf. The ova
tion Mint greeted Tarpey this time lasted
fcvcrnl minutes. '
In the second half Starifcrd had the
klck-«jff nnd Tarpey sent the bull thlrty-
Itve yunlf. In two downs California got
but three yards nnd chose to kick. Hush
punting thirty yards. Stanford's ball thir
teen yards from center in Stanford terri
tory. On th#» third down with a yard to
gain. Paul Tarpey hurdled over tacklt* and
made twenty-live. yards before he was
downed by Saeltzcr. 8tfton and Tarpey
euch annexed four yards. Then the bail
\vua fumbled and relied forwurd among
the California players, but Nisaen recov
ered It for SimiiIomI. -
Twrpey punt'd 30 yards, and It was
Bvrki-Uy's tall In the center of t*ve field.
I.in>.* bucking fc*ck the ball 'slow'!/ tiuwn
th* held to the :f«-ynr.l line, when the
v.iiiNilc blew for tl:e did of tho half.
right end for eight yards. Klttrell. who
had taken Kelftcy's place, went around
the other en«l for six yards' gain. Uy
mi: h xmushlng playing the ball w»s car
ried to the>3$-yard line and there fum
bled. Scfton getting the pigskin for Stan
ford.
The day afforded perfect football
weather, and more than :fiOO people saw
the contest. California partisans were In
the majority, and the Berkeley "rooters'!
had the upyer hund unlil th«? play bi'gau
and \u25a0 the :»erformance« of the Stanford
freshman :»layers Hfrctrifiod the Palo Alto
students «n<l their sympathizers Into
wildly vociferous* rnthu«!a«im. 'Th'onci
forth the Herk'-ley boys had littlo chance
to exhibit their Bunerior yelling capacity
until Graves' runn hct them screeching
with a wild Joy that knew not yeJl lead-
Thousands Saw the Game.
California was not without Its hero,
though he was discovered so late In the
game that he almost misled the laurci
wreath. Graves, the slender, swarthy
end-running substitute half-back, put into
the game by the coaches as a gambler
makes his last desyerate throw of the
dice, ran the Stanford end like a thor
oughbred on the homestretch time after
time, and once when the Stanford Cap
tain Tarpey's pJaying too clone up gave
him his opportunity he circled the end
and Pkirteri down the nlde line, on and on
and on. with the Stanford backs straining
in pursuit, till he had footed - the 67
yards between his Btfrrtlng-polnt and the
goal line and had placed the -ball nquarely
back of the goalposts, making the only
point scored by his team. It was a great
run. splendidly made, and what with his
many other «la«h-s around and smashing
Into the line and fighting for every foot
poHKlble. to gain. Graves made a name for
hlmsHf that will last beyond his four
years in college. w
Paul Tarpey. the stocky little Stanford
captain, couldn't keep out of the glory.
First he kicked the yrettiest field goal
ever made on a California . gridiron.
Then he picked up a blocked ball after
another try at a field goal, ran 30 yards
with it and made a touchdown, and Imme
diately afterward kicked** the goal. Those
eleven points were Stanford's winning
total. Between times Captain Tarpey
played his team with excellent Judgment,
did all the punting— an.l creditable punt
ing it was— and .smashed the line repeat
edly for many yards' gain, the longest
being twenty-live yards after hurdling
over tackle.
baby classes of the two universities first
began meeting in annual contest— the best
exposition of football, the most replete In
spectacular plays and in thrills and heart
breaks for the audience. Against a team
of Indomitable courage and with many re
markable first year players in Us line
up, the Stanford eleven played a snappy,
consistent and at times meteoric game
that achieved complete and unquestioned
victory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oct. 19.— The Tala
football eleven met its strongest advers
ary of the season thus far in the gama
with the Pennsylvania State College on
Yale field this afternoon. Yale won by
the score of a to 0, but the figures of
the score do not represent the quality of
offensive and strensth of defensive which
the Pennsylvania State team put cp. A
number of times they pushed their backs
through the Yale line, though inability
to sustain the attack as Yale did prevent
ed" their scoring. Yale's players were al
most used up before the second half ended
and two of the Pennsylvania State team
were taken out or shifted.
PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 19.— Princeton
defeated Brown here to-day by a score
of 33 to 0. Twenty-three points were mads
In the first half and twelve In the second.
Brown was unable to stop Princeton's
backs, who repeatedly went through her
line, for big gains. Princeton showed up
stronger than in any previous game in
her general work. Her backs fumbled
frequently and followed their interference
well.
Yale Meets a Strong Team.
BUFFALO, N. T.. Oct. 19.— Fully 15,000
people thronged the Pan-American sta
dium this afternoon to see the football
game between the Carlisle Indians and
the Cornell . University. Cornell won— 17
to 0— but it was a fame that taxed all
the resources of the crimson and white,
for the' Indian ends got over the ground
fast and showed the Itbacana a few
things In the way of playing. The Cor
nell team was the heavier. Hunt made &
touchdown in the first half and Coffin
kicked the goal. Hunt made a ninety
yard run for a touchdown in the second
half and Coffin again kicked goal. There
was an exchange 'of 'punts and then Cof
fin stole around Carlisle's right end and
made a run of seventy yards for the third
and last touchdown. He was tackled bo.
hard behind the line that he was wobbly
and missed the goal. The line-up:
Cornell. Position. Carlisle.
Tausalir Left end - Beaver
Luedlger Leit tackle ...William*
Warner.captaln Left guard.. Wfaeelock. capt
Kent -Center C 25?f W '
Hunt Right guard Dillon
Smith Right tackle Lubo
Tydeman Risht end ....Har»
Finucane Quarterback Jonnaon
Purcell Left half Decora, Sa.ver
Coffin Right half Tarlatt
tehoelkopf Fullback Palmer
The Score of the Winners Is
Eleven to Nothing for
Visitors.
THREE MEN SINK
IN ICY WATERS
The football eleven of St. Matthew's
School. Sari Marco, defeated the Polytech
nic Hijrr School eleven yesterday after
noon at San Mateo. The features of the
contest were the eDlendid work of Hop
pin and Miller, the halfbacks of St. Mat
thew's, aod the remarkable punting done
by Howard of th» Fame team. The score
was £t to 0.
St. Matthew's Defeats Polytechnic.
REXO, Oct. 1?.— The University of Ne
vada this afternoon defeated the Reliance
Athletic Club football team by a score of
11 to 0. Karr.ey of Nevada, in the first
half, secured the ball en Reliance's fum
ble and ran sixty-five yards for a touch
oown. In the second half'Keddie kicked
a goal from the thirtv-yard line. Nevada
kept the p:g.-k:n in Reliance's territory
about three-quarters of the pame. Nearly
a thousand people witnessed the defeat of
Reliance. The Nevada team was consid
erably lighter than Its opponents.
Lowell Defeats Lick.
The crack football Pleven of Lowell High
School <?«>featr<i t*-.e IJck team yesterday
at Sixteenth and FolsofO streets grounds
by a 6cor^ of IT to 0. Vosburg was sent
over the line for a touchdown earlv in
the first half. Hamilton failed to kick the
goal. In the second half Vosburg secured
the bail and scored & touchdown after a
thirty-fire yard run. Hamilton kicked
this goal Near the close of the game
Hamilton kicked Lit bail, which was
dropped by Cavanaugh. Lick's fullback.
The bail bounded 'mo \u25a0*L,ucky" Baldwin's
hands ir.3 he carried it down the field
F'.xty-f.vp yards fcr mother touchdown.
Hamilton again kicked £oal The line-up:
Lo»eli Positions Lick
" r -- " L.-ET— R ilohriB
£*!*•* L-T.-R Burti
Bartfteli L— G — R McLaren
tiu k ris Center Cornell
UcXla=ejr R — G.— L, Small
It — T— L. Brovrnry
BaJdwta... n-E.-L Lang
«*^.V \u25a0 \u25a0 5iArter MacXichol
MjidSftcn i
Mon-fomciT (L-H. B.— R.. .. Sullivan
Vosbjrg T»pt.i....K.-H. B.-L Merrill
Baaattsa fullback 'CavanauRh
Candidates for Stanford's Team.
STANFORD rXIVERSITY. Oct. 19-
The fcllowir.g list of varsity foori>a«l can
didates has bc:-n submitted to the faculty
commute* as that of men eligible to play
in ttif ir.t*>rrolles::ate game on Novem
l er .-<
C. P A!i«i Jr.. F H. Borea. L P. Bansback,
V* . B Earahisei. H. O. BiUerfl>ld M J.
B*rt-ii E A Uoyl^«. C. K. tilcAgri, C.' H.
dx.«-ford, K F Coep«r. G. H. Clark W E.
Croihrrs. A. R. Dol*. W, H Dole. K S Fiehrr
B D Frtsel'.e. G G. 1az~. A I> Gflsikr A.
P. rrederiekaoe D G «jrant H. \V mis', c
Harden. I I>. Hauverrnan. ll. B Kr.iKhi. H. R.
Kur.r. I. C Lock*<K4, (i. H. LutgerdlnK. O.
H Luc*. ~£ G. Mc*:re. J. J. Monrinro. K J
McFadAeo. R <J. Niswi, J. J. now head, W,
I» Patterson P. P Parker. O. B. Ilaltt W
Ti'.tctiif . \V X Boaaerdt, F. U. Slakcr J W
Beftan Jr., E. A Srr.lth. E. Sti'.lrcian H,
S;raru*. A. it Syliia G. L. Taylor. XV. Tar-
It. W. I Tia^e^r. R. A Thompson A. K
Trowbr.^g., p Tan^V. r> Tarpey, T. Var
F'.ck>. F. C. T*>i>. G. V.Tihur. E. Kehrleln,
K. F. K's^r. H «. 1^*. E. H Nutter. C.
Teach the Men From Ithaca
a Few Points on the
Gridiron.
THE Stanford freshman foo(ball
team fairly outplayed Its Califor
nia opponent in the annual cham
pionship game yesterday, win
ning by a score of 11 to 5. The
gam© was the greatest of all since the
played as if, every man felt himself a
Creatore, and the Stanford contingent
that followed across to Market street
and down Into the busiest part of the
slotted thoroughfare the cardinal
bedecked line winding Into serpentine S's
Carlisle Indians Lose at
tHe Buffalo Exposi
tion.
Karney of Nevada Runs
Sixty-Five Yards for
Touchdown.
Paul Tarpey Kicks a Field Goal and
Graves Wins Glory by a
67-Yard Run.
NINETY-YARD RUN
IN CORNELL GAME
RENO DEFEATS
RELIANCE TEAM
Team Work Triumphs Over Califor
nia's Brilliant Individual
Play.
II
STANFORD FRESHMEN OUTPLAY BERKELEY
OPPONENTS IN MOST SPECTACULAR GAME
PAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
FRESHMEN
CHAMPIONSHIP
GAMES PLAYED
California 3 Stanford 11
\ I8O4.
California. 6 Stanford O
189S.
California 44 Stanford O
1800.
California 4 Stanford 14
, 1807.
California 8 Stanford 10
. 1898.
California 21 Stanford O
* 1800.
California 0 Stanford 0
1OOO.
California O Stanford B
1001.
Pages 25 to 36
Pases 25 to JTHE? SAN- FRANCISCO - t^LLL;r SFNBAT; \u25a0 OGTOBER- 20, 1 901.
\u25a0The surest way- not to prevent a mar
riage Is to oppose lt»
j Charles F. Prlco, general manager for
the New California Jockey Club, when
shown tho dispatch last night said:
There In no foundation for that atoryi .It
nnyn Pat Dunne will not race here this winter
In order to lend color to th« story. . Mr. Dunne
Is on i he In-fit of term* with the offlctni of our
Mnorlntlon. For ft number of aeaiuins he has
raced here,, coming;- to the coast > avery second
winter. Ho wan here laat yearand. has prom
laedto rome again th« season utter tho onn
which will. opm 1 November 2, Hn Is not utay-
Injf away because of any racetrack war.. •
Pam Ullilreth In nfit comlntt here because, aa
lie explained to m«, he has had a bony season
and will, rent durinff the winter. ; •\u25a0
Ta off *et these apparent defections; but which
* * ' ..»..». i (i.t.i * i«i <«i .**, [ ......
Horeemen do not take seriously the
story telegraphed from Ch'IcaRo to the ef
fect that some owners will not sent. their
horws to this coast unless/ guaranteed
they will not be punched for. taking sldca
In the racetrack war here last winter.
The- strongest refutation of the story
lies In the fact that Prince Ponlatowskl,
the leader of the fight on behalf of ' Ton
fora n, has secured ntable room' at Onk
lnnd for his stake, horse Brutal and the
others which will race in his colors tlila
winter. . r . ; . ,
Former Racetrack War
'Will. Not. Deter
Any One.
Joe Selby Lowers For
mer Wagon Record
of Altamont.
fornia wa^on record from Altamont'n
1:V,\ to 2:24'ii. Selby went ajtalnst his
own track record of 2:2S% nnd made a
pretty forfr>rmance. ROini? the half In 1:12
nnd f!nl:ih!n™ the last quarter In 35 nec
ondF.
raring. 2:1S clacii:
D. LlPKlnrr's Mack, ». k.. Democrat,
t.y Ophlr (D. Liegtnger) 1. I 1
Imp <C. El Parku) 2 2 2
Anita «G. \V. CnombH) 3 3 3
Comet U'ilke* <O. C. Owens) 4 din
Time. 2:21*4.. 2:34, 2:22%.
Trcttlnit. 2:20 clam:
J. M. N^Inon'B Itoa«"wood, b. m., " '
Nutwocd Wllleui-Ernle (J. M.'
Nrlson) 2 2 2 111
Trilby (J. L. Bmlth) 1 4 1 4 3 2
Allen <V. W. llodeea) '.. SIS 4 4 3
F*t*r Jackson fJ.de Polater)....' 4 3.4 2' 2 •
Prlnre Howard <B. A. Hooper)... distanced .
•Ran out. .
• Time. 2:W. 2:2CV4. 2:2*14. 2:2«, 2:22. 2:22^4.
Five furlomca— E. E. Hlckox'a Jim Brownell,
blk. r... Imp. Mldlothlan-Norma (Feary), won;
Gypsy Boy <Tlmm«). second; Beem Seem (Tul
l<tt), .third. Time, 1:03. Jennie Glbb, Well,
Hill Votinr. Bronco 1,1 z. Gold Baron. Bill Boh
fu.-m'tn and San Auguatlne also ran. - \u25a0
Hlx furlrriKc— t!. F.'IIoba'rt'a LJmber Jim, ch.
jr.. HnufTbox-Mlldrr-ii' Ulobart), yon; Wlnit
CJIlbm), second; Harry Thatxiher *(8hc«han).
third. Time, 1:15. Mlns IMvtdrnd. -Ma ho
II, Uttln Sinter. Galena, Roulette Wheel and
W J M alao ran. . ' „ > ,.i .
Five and a half furlon(t«-R B. Dolan's How
ard, rh. a;.. Tyr»nt-May*tta (Burllmram*),
won; Mlk* Hlc« <(k:e), uncond: Sklrmlah (Ho
b«rt). third: Time. 1:08%. Nettle Clark and
Enjoyment alao ran. • . \u25a0
STOCKTON. Oct. U.-Anothcr b!*
i crowd turned out to-day and witnessed
more of the same high-class racing that
has been the feature of the fair. ' The
horses in the 2:30 trot epllt up the heat*.
It reculred six boats to decide the event.
The favorit*?, Ronewood, finally landed,
but her backer* had ewjtchod to Trilby
to hedge and probably lost money to the
race.
Mack won the pace off the reel and net
the followers nt the favorite Imp back
several notches. Jim Brownell ran for
the books and saved them a bunch of
money In the opening dash. He was an
sutxlder and not heavily played. Limber
Jim also proved a saver by taking; the
second rprlnt from Galena and Roulette
Wheel, neither of whom carried large
rums of money.
Old Howard euie from behind In the
vret-away event and won by hlmnHf with
Burllngame un. Mike Rice was the sup
posed rood thing, but Skirmish was the
'svorlte. . . .-. •
W. H. Grtsslm's . trotter, Joe Selby.
driven by J. M. Kelson, lowered, the Call-
Czar Needs No French Loan.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 19.— The Offl
cial Messenger, referring to foreign '.re
portB that the Czar's visit to France was
made In order to prepare the way for a
new Krrnch loan. *iuote» the finance min
istry as declaring, that neither during nor
after the journey- was a loan mentioned.
Sixth. race, five and a halt furlongs— Mabel
Wlnn won, Queen W second, Bftnta .Teresa
third. Time, 1:08 3-5. •'. \ v
are not direction* In'rnnllty. wb have n lot nt
ntrw ntablpfl comlna;. Inrludlng thos«< of W, C.
Whitney, "Jack", Folliinnbee and oUinra of th«
hlRhnat ntnndlng on the American turf.
It ts only neccMnry to point to the ralnstnto
menta \u25a0 madv last < eprlnr toa enow ths<- spirit
which provnJla- nnion« th» offlcera of th* anao
clatlon now control Mnc racing h«re. vTher* la
no change In that aentlmcnt and, thero will be
none.," . \u25a0 i. . •\u25a0 *\u25a0 \u25a0 ,\u25a0 ;'•\u25a0\u25a0• - ,\u25a0•; \u25a0 • > v ' ' : \u25a0\u25a0/.-• \u25a0 ,
Second rac«, mllr and a hftlf-Llttle Klkin
won. Fllnrey wcond, garlllft third; Tlmo. 2:36.
Third race, *• nve furkng*— AUura won. at.
Ou ill bcrt second. Small Jack third. Time.
1:01 2-B. - -\u25a0\u25a0•'.
Fourth' rnce. mile and a quarter, 1 - Blue Iitlnni
handlcan— Argrruor won. I f nvllnnd second,
Kentucky Bab* third. Time, 2:07 2-5.
Fifth race, ono mile— Tammany Ciller won,
Evelyn Byrd vecond. Chorus Boy third. Tlmn,
1:42 3-5. - : -\u25a0 • \u25a0• • . •- . ,\u25a0 v -.-.- -\u25a0 . ; . .. .
ST. LOUI8, Oct. J».-Falr Orounds reaults:
Flrnt rare, elx furlong*. nolllnB-Maccn won.
Little Chlco second. Waban Time. 1:16.
Bircond racr, mile and n»vcnty ynnln. uellliia;—
Kir. Holla won. Klsle UHrncs spcond. King Ma
third. Tim*. 1:!7.
Third rare, five fiirlonjrs-Paul Creyton won.
Dr. Hart r.erond. Stlnn third. Time. 1:C!*;. .
Fourth rurf. «;anrfitinri> Ptakri<: UCCo \u25a0 nudod,
nolllnn, mlln — l.n.lv Htrnihmoro won, A. D. Olb
wn «<»oond. Mlas Th*r«Ka third, i Tr.n«, 1:11.
Fifth rncp, mil* nn« n half, aelllnn-Lce
Bruno won. Chnrlw I). Bccond, Oeorge I^>«
third. Tlmo, 2:M«<.
Sixth race, m-ve'n lurlnnKx. arlllnic— Bengal
won, gam Ijih™» I2w|. necor.d, • Nekarnla
third. Time, 1 :2SVa.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.-Wcrth results:
First race, levtn furlonga— Th* Pride won.
Federal iiecnnd. Tom Klngtley third. Tlmr,
\u25a0I:J7 4-fi. .\u25a0 . •'-.\u25a0. i < .
Thlnl race, nbout »lx furlonsrv-Kockw.it^r
won. Koxnne Bocond, Hello of L«xln«ton third.
Time, l:io.
Fonrth mc»i. th« Champnitne utakcii. Mvrn
furlongn— Kndurancr by Right won, Tankea
\u25a0econri. CauKhnawaga, third. Time. 1:28.
Finn race. Municipal hnnOlcHp. mile And
three-nunrtoiY-LiiUon won. Maid of Harlem
Mteona, tl^rnamlo third. Time, 2:58Vj.
Sixth rare. n<<llln«r. mil* and tin rinhth— Lo»
Kln«; won. Pletlrlch secend. Curtsey • third.
Time, 1:1,4%. ( ,• ' •
NEW YORK. Oct. U.— Morris Park result*:
Flmt race, October rtecplechaac, nhont two
and n naif mllff-KultnlmiC won. Curfew lien
•tcond. King T third* Time. 4:43. i
fcccond rmr», flve nntl u half furlongs— n»la-
Spp won. Destitute ntcnml, KxUnKUlnher third.
Eastern Race Results.
RACING STABLES
ARE COMING HERE
det'cendlng to-day, finally declaring that
he considered that he had won the prlzo
anil wouM not try again.
If th»» money was withheld It was not
his fault.
Great Iptercst in the Flight.
M. -Deutsch said he would give 25.000
francs to the poor, notwithstanding the
decision of the committee, but Santos-
Dumont declined to accept the offer as
u solution of the. difficulty.
There wu.s a large assemblage of people,
at the EinVI Tower and considerable In
terest wa» manlfrstpd In tho experiment
in othrr parts of Paris, groups of people
gntl.erlng '.i the streetn to watch the
piogrraa o! th«« elongated yellow balloon
with long guide rope hanjilnjf and white
canvas propellers whirling around, while
those below distinctly distinguished , the
loud buzzing of the motor.
Santos-Dumont rounded the Eiffel Tow
er between the second and topmost plat
forms nt about seventy-flvo yards away
from the tower. The balloon pitched
scmowhat when going against the wind
and BnntoH-Dtitnont, when he descended.
«old the motor suddenly stopped while
the balloon wan a little distance from the
tower. 11 f. thouKht he rnlKlit have to-de
scend, but luckily he succeeded In getting
the machine started ngaln. From that
time on tho motor worked satisfactorily.
"My friend, you have lost the prize by
forty K»»cnnd5."
Numbers of the onlookers protested
ap?Inst this announcement in lively
term*, but the Count fir Dion «ald:
"This is the -1'K-ii'ion of the commlttpp.
In accordance with the rules of thf con
test."
Tho rro7 # d. however, refused to accept
this view an-i a warm discussion ensued,
the majority of thf spectators taking tho
ground that Santos-Dumont was entitled
to the prlxe became he had reached the
grounds within the thirty minutes, al
though he had not descended Imme
diately.
Th>» aeronaut, after proteatlnjr against
the decision of the committee, finally
Fhrusged his shoulders and remarked:
"Anyway I do not care personally for
the l'JW.OOO francs. I intend«-d to give it
to the poor.""
The crowd persisted Jn declaring that
Ssr.tos-Dumont had won. A number of
laiJirs who . were present threw flowers
over the aeronaut. Others offered him
bouquets, and one admirer, to the amuse
ment nf thf» onlooker*, even presented
M;n with a little whlto rabbit. ., ,
T>eut£ch Embraces Dumont.
At this moment M. Deutsch himself ar
rived at tlie club grounds, having shortly
bi-iore that moment reached Paris from
CLOSING DAY
AT STOCKTON
he was obliged to descend. He started
again at 2:42 p. m.. rose 2V) yardg and
then points for the E!ff*I tower, th»> bal
loon going In a straight lin*:. It was sr>»n
through ileM-glaBses to arrive at the
tower and round it. The time up to that
point, with the wind In the balloon's
faror, was eipht minutes and forty-five
seconds'. It returned acainst th«- "wind
end ma<Je Flower headway, but still kept
In the true <lirect!on for St. (Jlourt. r.-hi'-h
It reached in th* total time of twnty
nlne rr.lnutee fiftf«--.n f^conds. lint Instead
of descending imm*.-<llately Santos-Du
mont made a. broad tvr*rrp ovr the Ato
Club grounds, with th** result that an
other minute and twenty-flve E^ronds
were ccr.sumed before the workman
feJzed the guirtf rop~. Thus, technically.
Saatos-Dumrnt exceeded the time limit
by forty e*»caRds.
The enorrnoug crowd which had gath
ered Inside and outside the grounds gave
the aeronaut a tremendous ovation. A»
hla backet came within npeakint; dlKtanc*"
Santos-Dumont leaned ov*r the side and
asked, "Have I won the prize?"
Committee Decides Adversely.
Hundred* of spectators shouted "Yes.
yea!" but th«* Count de Dion, a, mcmlwr
of the committee, approached and threw
a damper on the enthusiasm by saying:
DARING VOfXO BRAZILIAN AERONAUT AND THE DIRIGIBLE BALIX»ON AVITH WHICH HE SAILED YES
TERDAY FROM ST. CLOI.'D PARK AROUND THE KIFFEL TOWER. COMPLETING THE TOUR IV THIRTY
MINUTES. BUT FAILING TO SECURE THE DEUTSCH PRIZE OF 100.09) FRANCS
I.OS ANOEUHS. Oct. I?.— A kindly elt*
pored rock In right field tntnufornW
Pab»t'.s little ftlngle Into a three-base hit
, this . afternoon and won a hard fou;;!jt
battle for tho prospective chnrnploon.
1 1 iil«- pitched Krund ball In the tarn of i\is
heartcnlnx support. Waalen was- in
vtnciblo when men were on bases. t.n*
AnRcN's hod three men on bases and n-»ne
out In the ilftli liininr. but tae nece&jary
hit did not follow. Score:
LOS AXGCLKS.
AH. R. BU. Sa PO. A. E.
H<mi>hlll. I. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Dougherty, r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0, 0
Iloimchot'ler. c. f.... 4 0 0 0 I 0 0
Athtrtim. •. \u25a0 * 0 I 0 I 3 3
Klhm. lb 3 0 1 - o S 0 0
Hall. Sb 4 0- 1 0 I • 0
Kvlli. 2b 4 O 1 0 3 2 0
Ppin», c 3-0 00 5 0 0
Halo. t> 3 0 0 0 o 1 0
Totals ...; 52 o B >) :t ii 4
SAN FRANCISCO. •
AB. R. BH. sn. PO. A. E.
Noriyka. c." f * 0 0 0 3 0 0
Wllnon. c 3 0 0 0 6 2 4
HIMrliran.l. 1. t 3 0 10 0 0 0-
K«:hw«rt«. r. f 4 10 0 0 o tr
Tabtit. lb 4 0 L 0 12 0 0
Knit;. :»« 4 0 2 0 2 10
."hay. I. " 4 •» •> 0 3 3 0
J. H-tllv. 3b 3 0 10Z21
Whul^n. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 o
, Total! 32 1 5 0 2T U "I
RUNS AND HITS DV INNINdS.
Ix>« AnKPl»i 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
ftas* hits 1 0 0 1 2 1 0 r 0— ft
Sun Franrlsro 0 0 0 0-0 0 0 0 t— I
liaiie hits 1 1 0 I 0 0. 1 0 I— Z
SUMMARY.
Kunn rmponalhlo for— Ha!" 1. Thr»e-h<t«e- hits
— 1'atisL. Atherton. Two-luie hit— IU.1I. First
bane on frrors— San FranclKco 3. Una Anfrlea 1.
FlrM bom» on cnllrd bnllx-Snn Frauds* o 2, I^os
AnKoiro :. Left on bn»w»— Han Fr»nrl»co fi. I^)«
AngHea 7. Htrurk nut— By Hale 4, by Whalm
4. Hit by pitcher— Rplm. Double plays— Hall
to rtMtz to Klhm: RHt» to Klhm. Time of
game— IMS. Umpire— Levy.
One Run in Los Angeles Game.
S -tcraraento won a- Mattes* game' from
Oakland 1 yesterday at Recreation Park by
,* acere of a ta S. Thla Is the thirty-fifth
gsrae. Oakland haa loert tbi» year by one
run. The cripple j were unfortunate again
with Umpire Harper, who gave every
close decision against them. In the ninth
Lohiuun. wh» butted for Hansun. appar
tutly beat the ball to flrct butf was called
our, to the surprise of th* spectatcra.
MoaJdman was the star cfi tho same. He
made a borne run In the seventh lnnlne
and in toe third, with the bases full,
played the prlrceftxil P-rt in a double play.
Suttrvan, Strieli!«tt and Hood were on
the bags. Sheehan ripped oat a hot one
that sounded like it safe hit. Mcakhnan
caught it on th« bound and threw Sulll
vftn out at the plat». The catcher headed
off Sheehan at first base.
Courtney then came with a timely two
fcaeKer; sending Strlcklett and Flood
home. floiTer new out. retiring the aide.
,D<«*ereuiix scared the other run for Sac
ramento in the- seventh, tie hit safely and
was sent around' by a hit by Flood. Th«
latter tried to ateal .second, thinking the
bail would be thrown- to the plate. Moh
ler seetzced It and ran Flood flown be
tween the bases.
Hamilton sent Drennao- home for Oai
lanri tn the ninth with a clean hit. Oak
land's hita were not timely. Th« scora:
OAKLAND.
as. r tm. so. ru. a. rr.
iXohler. 2b i (i i i 3 -i u
; XJunle*vy, Sb 4 U I 1 1 5 U
Babbitt, cs -..4 >) I 0 I 3 0
s>tr»»ib. r. t 4 <» i 0 80 0
Caxnn. lb „... 4 o u U U <> 0
Mjuklnian. q 4 1 I a 1 S 0
Vnt.r.un. c. t „. 4 t t 0 2 1 0
Hanson, c 3 0 0 0 2 1 *
Uamittcn, !. f. 3 U 2 0 2 » •
•Lehman i. <y o 0 0 0*9
• Total* 37 • g 2 2T 13 0
'Batted for Uanaun In th- ninth toning.
SACRAMENTO.
* AO. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood. 2b 4t ' I 3 a 4 « 1
ShoHina. 3b 3 Q 0 a L 4 0
Courtney. _•. f. « o 2 0 0 • 0
Bofftrr. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
DkvU. lb 4 0 0 I U 0 0
M L L*mrhUn. 1. f.... 4 0 10 14 0
I*!ver*au3. sa 4 I 2 4 23 0
Sullivan, c 2 0 1 0 3 1 0
StrUklett. p 2 10 0 0 2 0
• Totals 30 1 1 "I IT H 1
HUNS AND HITS DT I2CNUCO3.
Oakland 0 4 0 0 0 0 10 1-2
Baa* hit* 0 0 112 0 11 2-»
Sacramento 0 0 t 0 (I 0 » 0 0—1
Bare- blu 1 13 10 12 0 0— »
BOIMAUY.
Runs re«Dor>;blc for— Mroklman 3. Ptrlck'm
'?. Hume run— Mosktman. Thre»-ba«e bit —
Courtney. Two-teia* hit— Courtney. Sacrlflce
hits— Sticrhon.' Sullivan. Klrnt baa« «n »prjra
— <>aklar..l 1. Flr«t Ium on cultal balls— Uak-
Uml :. Micramrntn 2. 1,'U on bjj-i»-'>»iklti.n.l
%. Sr.cr.ini«mtu 4. Struck out— Ry Xorkituan I.
by S;r!ck!uit 3. lMublp nl«y— Mn«ktm«n U>
Hanson ta D«an., Time of game—I hour »n«l
!i mlnutm. Vmow*— Gtqrs* Hari>*r. Offlctal
scorer— McFnrltn. \ ' \u25a0
Urnpire Harper Gives AU the
OJO3O Decisions Against
. Them.
PARIS. Oct. 19.— The Santos-Du
mont airship ascended at St.
Cloud at 2i5S o"clock this after
noon, and five minutes afterward
began to round the Eiffel tower.
Santos-Dumont completed his trip suc
cessfully, but a question has drisen as to
whether it was done within the time lim
it—thirty minuses.
M. X>eutsch says the aeronaut won the
prize. The committee, however, declares
M. Santos took thirty minutes forty and
four-sevenths se>»nds to make the trip.
Stniight to the Eiffel Tower.
Santos-Dumont started for the first
time at 22$ o'clock, but on leaving the
park his sxdde ropa caupht in a tree and
The crowd then gave the two men a
great ovation, cheering heartily.
Santos-Dumont claims that he won the
prize because he reached the park within
the time and that the original rulea gov
erning the contest made no mention oi
having . <a touch the ground within tha
thirty, minutes.
The dispute is due to the action of the
corrmittee. which some time ago modified*
the terms of the contest by Inserting tfte
latter stipulation. Santos-Dumont. at the
t!ni* protested and refused to be bound by.
the fresh regulations, and strenuously up
held this view with the Count de Dion
and other members of the committee, on
Biarritz. He advanced, embraced San
tos-Dumont, shook hands with hlia and
said:
"For my part I consider that you have
won the prize."
Loses Its Thirty - Fi.th
Game by This Small
Margin.
OAKLAND IS SHY
JUST ONE RUN
gi Jamea Fl tSKcrald, who In hailed as the
world's champion- / handball player, ar
rlved here : ye8terday. - H« will play at
Phil Ryan'* court thia aftornoon, -Kddl*
Toy» who haw seen him play. Is of the
onlTlon- that he can defeat- with one; hund
any coaat plajs» ; Thj other gamer In' the
Cliampion Handball Player Gaming.
Schorr Sails Alard Shreck.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— A number of race
horses In training, and some yearlings
were sold at auction to-dav at Morris
Park. The horses bringing M00O and over
were: Property of J. R. and F. P. Keene—
Toddy, to Buckley & Bailey. fio^O: Un
masked. J. G? Urman. JSCOO; Prophetic. J.
L. Lyman. $1(500; Early Eve.'J. G. Smith.
J130O. Property of J. H. McConuick-IUl
rtm. J. Shields. «200; Matt Simpson. J.
Shields. *l$00. Property of J. W. Schorr—
Alard Shreck. T. Monahan, C3»; EddJo
Hush. J. H. Carr. J360a
NEW YORK. Oct. '».- Walter. J. Travis
of the Garden City Golf Club, who has
htflil the amateur golf championship of
America for the past two years, won the
Westbrock cup to-day at the annual in
vitation tournament of the Westbrook
Golf Club, near Great River. L. 1. He de
feated Charles H. i^eeley, the Connecticut
State champion. In the flnal round at
thlrty-siix holes, match p!ay. by 7 up and
6 to play. The first eighteen holes were
played early In the day and Seeley con
tested every inch of the ground. Travis
finishing 1 up la the first half of the
match. The- national champion set a swift
pace In the afternoon and Seeley. was
simply unable to stand tho strain. Th»»
enrds:
Travis: Out....* 5 4 « 4 S 4 7 4—42
Tn 5 5 4 3 4 7 5 3 fr-M-M >
Out... .5 4 4 3 4 5 4a £-39
In 4 H •— 15-5'— 13S
Sec Icy: OU....S 4 « 4 S 4 6 4 «— 41
In. S 5 3 6 4 S 5 3 7— 4T— «3
. Out....« 4 5 5 S « 4 6 5— *>
In. 3 4 4 ••.••• «-U-»-ie
Pefcats C. H. Sesley, Connecticut
State Champion, in a Brilliantly
Played Game.
CHAMPION TRAVIS WINS
WESTBROOK GOLF TBOFRY
OAKLAND. Oct. 1».— Immediately after
the ending of the regular league game
on the Golden Gate grounds to-morrow*
morning the Elks' nine and the Bohe
mians* team will try conclusions on the
diamond. This will be the second meet
ing between these clubs. The EUcs won.
the first game in speedy style. They have
Improved greatly in their play since then,
and are now as fleet on the path and In
the field as their quadruped namesake.
The Bohemians are bent upon retrieving
lost laurels, and the contest will doubt
less prove Interesting. Following is the
line-up of the tines:
Elks— Wyrn-*. catcher: Blethen. pitcher:
W. Dean, first base: Cook, second base;
Uhl. third ba?e; R. Dean, shortstop: Ses
sions, left field: Matthews, center field;
Ewing. right field.
Bohemians— Oallahan. catcher; Feige.
pitcher: Ward, first base: Hanl«»y. second
base: Poulter. third base; Smith, short
stop; Lefever. left field; Derby, center
field; Short, rlsht field.
This Will Be Second Game Between
Them and. Good Contest Is
Expected./
ELKS AND TtOTrPTyrTAigg
TO MEET ON DIAMOND
Miss MIll«r Captures the Prizes in tLe
Ladies* Contest* and Leonard
Chenery Ontdrive» the Men.
The SauJiaBto Golf Club formally opened
its. clubhouse on th« Fort Baker Military
Rcsenration yeeU'rrtay afternoon. It I* a
simple structure, built on a hillside and
containing- a dress-room tor laclcs and a
locker-room for men. with a glassed-in
piaezik In front. During, tho afternoon re
freshments were served ami compctltlcna
in drlrlng and putting were held for cups
.presented by Major T. W. M. Draper. W.
G* Morrow and C. J. Foster. Tho ladi«s'
prize for driving, a silver cream Jug. was
won by MBss. Ruth MUIcr. who also cap
tared tha> prlae for putting, u iup with a
taJt step*. The tneit"* prize for driving... &
pewter rung, wa« won by Leonard.
Chewy, who quite outclassed his oppon
ents. The prize for putting, a similar
'mug. was won by A. Htarr Keeler. ,
Seven ladies entered the driving con
tent, each competitor driving tnrce balls
from the tec:lng-ground. a buU coming to
rent beyond the ninety-yard flags counting
one point, beyond tho 12»-yard flags two
paints, beyond the HO-yard flags three
point? and beyond the l*)-ynrd flacs four
point*. Mrs. Mason and Miss Ruth Miller
tied and on attempting to play off tle<«
again with drives of about 115 yards; at
the third trial Mlrs Ruth Miller wort by
thn* narrow margin of one fuot. The fol
lowing ladles also competed: Miss
Marlon Harrison. Miss W. Mason. Miss
Mabel Mason. Mrs. Maya and Mrs. Clau
sen. .\u25a0• .
In the men's driving, contest Leonard
Cheney drove a ions, straight ball, stor
ing seven points In thrf.e drives; VVorth-
Ington An'.ea was second with two points:
J. Ncwtnnd*. Dr. . May* and A. S. Keeler
Kcnrcti cne point oath. R. W. Mason and
W. G. Morrow ulso competed. .
In the ladles' putting contest op-i* <\u25a0"»*'
petltor-rutted four balla from different
points on the curcumterontc o£ the gncn.
the number of stankcit bfinx as follows:
Mrs. Mason. 2. 2, 2. ?., total B; Miss Ruth
Miller. 2. 2. 2. 3, total 3; Mrs Mays, 2. 2, 2.
3. total 9: Miss W. Mason, 2. 3. 2. 3. total
10: Mm. Clausen. 4. 2. 4. 3. total 13: Miss
Marlon Harrison. 3. 4. 3. 3. total 13: Miss
Mabel Mason. 4. 5. 3. 3. total 15. To play
off the tie Mrs. Mason. Mrs. Mays and
Miss Ruth Miller putted one bull each,
Ml?s Miller winning.
In the mnn'a putting competition the
strokes were as follows: A. S. Keeler. 3.
2. 2, 2, totj.l fl; James Newiands, 2. 3, 2. 2.
total 9: Leonard Chenery, 2, 4; 2. 2. total
10; It. W. Mason. 2. 2. 3. 3. total 10: Dr.
A. H. Mays. 3. 3. 3. 3. total 12: W. Q. Mor
row, 4. 3. 2. 2. total «12. In playing off tho
tie A. S. Keeler won. ; , * ..
, On the Adama Point link? yesterday af
ternoon SKVfiv of the eight players who
quallflcd on tho prfvlous Saturday for me
CuptAln'B Cup contcMt entered the coirsp«»
tttlon over eighteen holes, medal play, F.
S. Stratton winning with the excellent
score of 30 for the short courne and 45 tor
the long course, total 81: AV. P. Johnson
being '*• good second wlt.h .VJ. 43; -total £2;
'K. R.'Folger. il, 4.7. totHl P2; C. R. \Vln3.
low, 41, 66. total 07; T. R. tlutcalnson.' 49.
BO, total 1)9. ami C. Beltien, 17, B4. total
lw. \u25a0 R. M. B'ltasserald. who had qualified.,
dfd not play. la. fl. Folgcr's score- of 47
for 'thfr short nine holoa. sertously handi
capped him. aa the Collector of the Port
covered them In fl(?r while both competi
tors did the long nine holes la 43.' strokes.
F. B. ntratton's name will be Inscribed on
the- Captain's Cup. which already , beara
the na-rneii< of- \u25a0 E. H. - Folger , C. P. Mub
bard and. .W. P. Johnoon. : . . v
OCHLFEBS COMPETE ON
FOET BAKEB LINKS;
court will be between the following play
er*:
W. H. Siebcrst and D. J. Sh*ehan vs. J.
Dufan and W. H. Kedlan: E. Barry anl P.
Talo \s. D. Recan and J. Foley; W. II. Ezan
and K. J. Sweeney vs. J. TVard ai;d W. Ward:
J. Scnnlan and J. ("onway vs. G> Hutchinwm
and J. McDonald. D. Connelly and M. Jeyce
va. J. Lawless and W. Williams: E. White
and J. Otynn vs. R. Ftegll and W. Johnson; J.,
Hartow an.t E. Curley vs. J. Riordon and M-*
Mclxujrhlln: J. C. Nealon and R. Lenlhin vs.
E. osrlcy and J. White.
"3 HE first round of the John Grace Challenge! Cup stake
II was run down yesterday at Union Courshis Park be
ll fore one of thu largest Saturday crowds that has been
JJL aecn at the grounds in many months.
In the morning two rounds of a special stake were
run. Tho talent found it hard to pick the right dogs in this
•vent, and at its close had contributed'. <x«it» freely to the
pikers.
Not a bit daunted, however, the wfc*e on« continued to se
lect thrtr favorites and offer tempting odds. T3» first course
in tlj«,b!s: stake went wrong for them. Sir Pasha, at 5 to 3.
beating Ireland pointJcn3. Further along Firm Fellow spoiled
their short run of luc* by takrnff a\ ;w*TT" deserve*! victory
from'Dowdrop, a 1 to 5 choice. This upset was the only Impor
tant one. though LUtlf Slitter beatln? 'Game Boy and Fonte
noy; outpointing Aeolus dliptsed of two good outside chances.
Of the champions o* the past Palo Alto's work was the most
assuring it tho overnight' prices are Va'critePlon: '"• Th«T: great
stake winner was undoubtedly possessed of the splendid burst
of KXMd t hit has made him a wonder, but he went in pur
suit of a hare that, nhovred a t!i.«r>osHian to prolong the chase.
Geary** champion; 1 fell in thu latter >part of the course, evi
dently from weakness, bat at that he won a good trlaL
Beacon. t«io. put up a strong go.' but not of the* kind that
made him a reputation rn last year's event.
Sisquuc ran a great doc and wll! have Palo Alto for his
next opponent. The course will be well played.
Rector is stake favorite and deservedly, too. At one time
Flni Ftri ha-1 him outpointed 7 to 6. but the youngster came
in for a strong flnlsa as<t won hanUllx. .
Narcissus is a good* outside chance, and the sapltngr A. J.
Martin Is fast enough to keep company.
George Malcolm's nomination, Charta, though not at the
head of the price list. Is spoken of on the "way down" as the;
surprise of the stake. Malcolm carried off the rich prize with
Sacramento Boy last year, and many will play him to repeat.
The coursing throughout was satisfactory and without
flukes.
The prices posted at the close of yesterday's trials were:
Rector, at 2; Palo Alto and Beacon. 3: Sir Pasha. 5; Luxor,
Sisquoc and Vandal, 6; Charta. S.
Results of the special stake followr
\u25a0j Special stake, first rJund~M. Nealon's Agamemnon beat St*rt it
Kncwles' Ripple, 10-€: J. Cowling's Sir Lawrence beat O. Zahl's
O'Hara. 3-2; A. Vanderwhite'a Lear Kins beat Ed Xeaves' Stray
away, 10-3; Pasha KenneLsT Rich Argosy beat D. Toland*s Pleasant
Girl, 22-«: J. M. Carroll's Master Clalr beat T». J. Healer's Fine
Kprm. H-T; J. Case's Grtcnhall beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe,
. 7-«; Pasha Kennel* Flyaway beat T. J. Cronln's KUlarney. >-J;
George Sharman'* St. Ivcs beat Jeff Martenett's Slim. 8-«; B. Stlva'st
Master Rocket b»at U S. Barre's AmetJce. S-l: H. H. Gray's Rota,
beat Ed Neave's Sutteful. 4-i: J. Willis* Half Moon beat J. Mark
land's The Grafter, $-«: P. M. Ciarfcson's Go!d«n Garter beat C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard. I-C: F. B. Gerber's Mount Ida beat Pasha
Kennels* Risky Attempt. 14-5: D. J. Heaiey*s Elista beat O. ZabTa
M!ss \Vllr*-n. 22-C; I- F Bartels* Best Barsain boat J. Willis* Shadow.
5-0: Georce Sbarman's Bowery Bey beat K. Reddy's Full Moon. 7-5.
Second rountl— Agamcrr.ncm beat Sir Lawrence. 10-3; Lear Klag
beat Pleasant Girl. M-3: Greenhall beat Master Clalr. 3-1: St. Ives
beat Flyaway. 9-*: Master Rocket beat Rcna. 9-A; Golden Garter
Ix-at Half Moon. S-0; K'.ista beat Mount Ida. S-S; Best Bargain bea&
Bowery Boy. S-2.
Daring Aeronaut Completes Journey in Thirty Minutes
Specified to Win Deutsch Prize, but Loses It.
SANTOS-DUMONT SUCCESSFULLY
SAILS AROUND EIFFEL TOWER
Rector, Palo Alto, Beacon, Sir Pasha, Luxor and
Sisquoc Are All Favored by Bettors.
SENSATIONAL SPORT PROVIDED
IN JOHN GRACE CUP MEETING
GREYHOUNDS COMPETE IN CLASSIC COURSING STAKE
26
FORM CHART
FOR THE JOHN
GRACE
CHALLENGE CUP
STAKE.
Time.
Seconds.
Odds.
GREYHOUND.
Description of Course.
Score.
Owner.
Nominator.
3
6
Sir Pasha 'George Sharraaa.
Ireland E. Geary ,
C. L.. Appleby Led all the wa"y. Killed......
H. C. Klevesahl \u25a0>; < :;.J.-«^.,.~M.'^»i.»i*^~~>V>«
5
0
3
1
| Wedsrewood
Ollta '.
P.* Jones..: ! J ......JLed for turn: made 1 in work; scored the kill..
Sterl & Knowlee fW. J. Brownm*. ::.'...] Made 3 In work- KJJ1 would nave saved her....
5
3
*"~
Homer Boy..."
King Cotton
O. ZahU I 'Led; got first and second turn- Killed..
A. J. Curtis |P. J. Rellly Got 2 in work -
«
2
Firm Fellow
Dewdrop
Grorre Sharman. H. C. Klevesahl .. Once In possession rolled up many points...... '.
Chlarin! Bro3 Led; got turn; made 2 by lavcr; scored the kill.
14
8
War Eagle
Faraway.
Beacon ,
TlbuTon
Vandal . . .\
Tame Tralce
A. K. Curtis O. Van Berren.....;..* : Did best work on a strong hare
J. H. Perlgo.. :. I. F. Kalton Hare beat both \u25a0*oks
13
5
«
1
A. R. Curtis ' ?.. ! Ran well but not up to last year's form
D. J. Henley ' iDId good work against a champion
s
5
5
T. .1. Cronin ' 'Scored first 8. In again for two. Kill 1»
Chiarinl Bros ' Once In. did good wofK • *
13
7
2
1 j
Narclf su« ;
Tyrone Prince
Charta
Cold Shivers
A. R. Curtis W. C. Glasson Two In work and the kill-.- *
(i«)ise Graham i Led. Took first turn \u25a0>• -*••• a
A. R. CarUs 'George Malcolm .-.-.Showed great speed ••»» : :•••- *2
Sterl & Knoxvles „.. Did a good bit of worte bot was outclassed j «
T. J. Mclnemey EMd all the wort after undecided • W
Ic. O. Peu-rson J j 3
4
2
3
2
4
i Nora
[ Sliver Cloud
1M
4~ !
j - , ,
H. Lynch 'John Lack ma nn... ..'... Pulled out well for turn. Made flm ». Killed... 8
'A. T. Leonard ,...| ; j \u25a0*
I
A. J. Martin
) HerKchel's Prtde
43
3
1
5
F:yiu>j Fox........^...
Flora McDonaW
Kentenoy
Ajfo/ua.
.X. K. Cu»»l» e. C. OTi.-+woM i Matte ? fc* work. Killed I *
A. Vanderwhitc ; P. M. Clarkson One for speed; first and second tora j «
A. T. Leonard,... VJt. C. Delano ; Ran a clever coarse :••-» \ J
Uecrgo Malcolm J. II. Haltonu. .. iHad the speed but no chance to nso tt i * |
5
3
8
S
Ll'ttJn SUtvr !
Gaata- Boy
Sl*nooe
Fluudgate
G«or«* Soarraan !K. K. Molevta
A. T. Levinaril ....!. ........_....\u25a0..
JXa>le first 3 points
'truth dnss in tot kill -
4
1
__ i
3
1
D. J. He»ley™ !
Coorje Nt-th»reott
«
2
a
Ran. a. good coarse
Ztailc bill by favor .-
7 Paliv Alto
I WhU» Hat
Z'% <?1»lca«o Boy
t Drnto* *
Zfc G*ary '
Chlsirhil Hros. I. P. Hal ton..
.. Ran fast, but fcartf court* will hurt bis chance*, j
.-jVTas working well when his opponent weakened j
IS
7
:
» i
Go-trgo Sbarmaa B. B Jod«*
F. S. Frtce F. A. Cubbing.
v.' Ran a great course - I
..r\Vaa outdated — I
..
t
3
9
3
I
I
37
l
2 Riwan A^l-.c
I Annie Hall
* Kpw:*» Out «
5 tfartwm Gladys
\u25a0f. H. RoEHfftcr ..., l
T. J. Mctnenwy..
l.cl: made first 4. Killed
Took possession for 4 -—-
6
4
1?ri & Knowtca. I...
•*. Joom ''J. A. Kletn
Kaa a clever course..
TV*a» in no condition..
7
0
i
27
_i
5 Luxor..:
1 Koyal Anni*. .......
*. H. CBrtl»..,..
F. M. Banetn. .
. i W. H. Hlndunan
. J. H. tla.lu.tt
Sho-arfit sr-f-ed; was favored for last 3 points..
Ran a %aod working course after being led....
13
10
83
_L_
* Traie* Duy
I lt»y fl*niynt-H-f..
...... T. J. Croaln I
t 3t Hafceo I
.'Ma* first 4 ~
.rKlrled too soon
:;::::
4
2
2
s
2
4
5
Mor«-
I Anchor
.... BL C. Shntw*!! „ f
.... .V R. On-tltf niman» Jtannlng..
.|Led: Had first of work
.jTled the score. Lost the kill and coexze..
»
45
i
4
1
I B-wtor... A. R. C:rr«a.
Fln» Fire..... a K. Mateoiia.
.!h»<1 speed and finish in grand trial
.'Did K<v.l wcrls In middle of course
m
12
7
13
I
1
59
59
2
I
j Warship^.. (<ik<»rit» Sborman E. ShorwtU.
I Royal Arctur.« fj. H. &»mctn »
.(Led and won on merit
::::::[
•:::\u25a0:[
«
4
4
r
FORM CHART
FOR THE JOHN
GRACE
CHALLENGE CUP
STAKE.
Time.
Seconds.
Odds.
GREYHOUND.
Description of Course.
Score.
Owner.
Nominator.
3
6
Sir Pasha 'George Sharraaa.
Ireland E. Geary ,
C. L.. Appleby Led all the wa"y. Killed......
H. C. Klevesahl \u25a0>; < :;.J.-«^.,.~M.'^»i.»i*^~~>V>«
5
0
3
1
| Wedsrewood
Ollta '.
P.* Jones..: ! J ......JLed for turn: made 1 in work; scored the kill..
Sterl & Knowlee fW. J. Brownm*. ::.'...] Made 3 In work- KJJ1 would nave saved her....
5
3
*"~
Homer Boy..."
King Cotton
O. ZahU I 'Led; got first and second turn- Killed..
A. J. Curtis |P. J. Rellly Got 2 in work -
«
2
Firm Fellow
Dewdrop
Grorre Sharman. H. C. Klevesahl .. Once In possession rolled up many points...... '.
Chlarin! Bro3 Led; got turn; made 2 by lavcr; scored the kill.
14
8
War Eagle
Faraway.
Beacon ,
TlbuTon
Vandal . . .\
Tame Tralce
A. K. Curtis O. Van Berren.....;..* : Did best work on a strong hare
J. H. Perlgo.. :. I. F. Kalton Hare beat both \u25a0*oks
13
5
«
1
A. R. Curtis ' ?.. ! Ran well but not up to last year's form
D. J. Henley ' iDId good work against a champion
s
5
5
T. .1. Cronin ' 'Scored first 8. In again for two. Kill 1»
Chiarinl Bros ' Once In. did good wofK • *
13
7
2
1 j
Narclf su« ;
Tyrone Prince
Charta
Cold Shivers
A. R. Curtis W. C. Glasson Two In work and the kill-.- *
(i«)ise Graham i Led. Took first turn \u25a0>• -*••• a
A. R. CarUs 'George Malcolm .-.-.Showed great speed ••»» : :•••- *2
Sterl & Knoxvles „.. Did a good bit of worte bot was outclassed j «
T. J. Mclnemey EMd all the wort after undecided • W
Ic. O. Peu-rson J j 3
4
2
3
2
4
i Nora
[ Sliver Cloud
1M
4~ !
j - , ,
H. Lynch 'John Lack ma nn... ..'... Pulled out well for turn. Made flm ». Killed... 8
'A. T. Leonard ,...| ; j \u25a0*
I
A. J. Martin
) HerKchel's Prtde
43
3
1
5
F:yiu>j Fox........^...
Flora McDonaW
Kentenoy
Ajfo/ua.
.X. K. Cu»»l» e. C. OTi.-+woM i Matte ? fc* work. Killed I *
A. Vanderwhitc ; P. M. Clarkson One for speed; first and second tora j «
A. T. Leonard,... VJt. C. Delano ; Ran a clever coarse :••-» \ J
Uecrgo Malcolm J. II. Haltonu. .. iHad the speed but no chance to nso tt i * |
5
3
8
S
Ll'ttJn SUtvr !
Gaata- Boy
Sl*nooe
Fluudgate
G«or«* Soarraan !K. K. Molevta
A. T. Levinaril ....!. ........_....\u25a0..
JXa>le first 3 points
'truth dnss in tot kill -
4
1
__ i
3
1
D. J. He»ley™ !
Coorje Nt-th»reott
«
2
a
Ran. a. good coarse
Ztailc bill by favor .-
7 Paliv Alto
I WhU» Hat
Z'% <?1»lca«o Boy
t Drnto* *
Zfc G*ary '
Chlsirhil Hros. I. P. Hal ton..
.. Ran fast, but fcartf court* will hurt bis chance*, j
.-jVTas working well when his opponent weakened j
IS
7
:
» i
Go-trgo Sbarmaa B. B Jod«*
F. S. Frtce F. A. Cubbing.
v.' Ran a great course - I
..r\Vaa outdated — I
..
t
3
9
3
I
I
37
l
2 Riwan A^l-.c
I Annie Hall
* Kpw:*» Out «
5 tfartwm Gladys
\u25a0f. H. RoEHfftcr ..., l
T. J. Mctnenwy..
l.cl: made first 4. Killed
Took possession for 4 -—-
6
4
1?ri & Knowtca. I...
•*. Joom ''J. A. Kletn
Kaa a clever course..
TV*a» in no condition..
7
0
i
27
_i
5 Luxor..:
1 Koyal Anni*. .......
*. H. CBrtl»..,..
F. M. Banetn. .
. i W. H. Hlndunan
. J. H. tla.lu.tt
Sho-arfit sr-f-ed; was favored for last 3 points..
Ran a %aod working course after being led....
13
10
83
_L_
* Traie* Duy
I lt»y fl*niynt-H-f..
...... T. J. Croaln I
t 3t Hafceo I
.'Ma* first 4 ~
.rKlrled too soon
:;::::
4
2
2
s
2
4
5
Mor«-
I Anchor
.... BL C. Shntw*!! „ f
.... .V R. On-tltf niman» Jtannlng..
.|Led: Had first of work
.jTled the score. Lost the kill and coexze..
»
45
i
4
1
I B-wtor... A. R. C:rr«a.
Fln» Fire..... a K. Mateoiia.
.!h»<1 speed and finish in grand trial
.'Did K<v.l wcrls In middle of course
m
12
7
13
I
1
59
59
2
I
j Warship^.. (<ik<»rit» Sborman E. ShorwtU.
I Royal Arctur.« fj. H. &»mctn »
.(Led and won on merit
::::::[
•:::\u25a0:[
«
4
4
r
S Specialists Who
Cure Men
\u25a0 . *,. ...... \u25a0\u25a0' ': — ~— ; .•-'.\u25a0\u25a0;
OlHJACf T QPfTCXCt OTirl lwt cur^- ***• re««ajr U used which ha*
vlUDDLj JUal g CS>1 allU »n iU e.Tect on the constltutloa or blood;
_^ _ \u25a0/.'." \ '. \u25a0— 1» fact. Dr.* Meycn * Co. btiiM up th«
' KCkCf" Tlicf lf'ilfiri'n " »yaten» and strenstlMB the nanrea whil*
UCdl AilOLlLUtlUll they treat th* Aferaa*. Thus a patient
Th. appn^nt fiSBESg with which SSSfSL' wS?S. C^'
many menu diasn sea wsiat a phralcian's '
treatment Is r.ct to be .'explained by the a ii TV"
severity of tbe Aiue«ae so much as by the 'All Til CO QC AC A Wfi.
inadequacy of .tUe tr*«tm«nt. :; *»** M^XtS^<*O%yO JTkl XJ
Dr. Meyers.* Co. have hfen ao aucctts- \ m* -
ful In curing Di«n for the past twenty T^PAStlO/l
that tbelv methortu have won aa- * 1 vabOU -
t-lunal rcputntlon nn<l h«vi« b**n imltiitect . *.
00^* °* OC^ Cb>^ tatiK including raptor*. apMUl dlaeaacs, «trte.
Dn ; Mwr* A. Co. ta» mueh of tbtlr ture. btoJdtr aort kMw, di^rtad loS
t auccftea. ca. their Uuvrouyfc knowle<U» of O f »«»«• «na iota
tha. hewan jinatomy. AfUr examining r dV. Meyers & C6. not only extend to all
tmted. andth.y^a employ the net Se »3f that^aa^d SEX S^
raeent and «ffecttvQ remedies. Their home cur* a».».™ >..- i^.
Nolhin* is left to guesswork. No «m- ee,a for 7.»r? Tf etTnot c'Ttt
JDR.MEVERS & ;;.C0;v,78i ;'^2%5S2*; :
IX 13 to i; Era'a.. ; to 8.", Sundays, » to U. :Mabel Knoll. Miss Ruth McQrew, Mist Jeula
Mllllken and Miss Edith McQrew.
The young men who will act as door
keepers and ushers in the balcony are:
Archie Strout. Vere Hunter, R. B. Litton
and Warner Brown.- • .
i; The plays and respective casts are as
follows:
"The Pipe of Peace"— Joseph Terrlll (who has
reached the "limit at which forbearance ceases
to be a virtue"). Dr. Frank Hus: Gladys Ter
rlll (his wife, whose enthusiasm for art Is sin
cere If somewhat Indtscrlmtnatlng), Mlsa
Frances Irish; Molly, the maid.
"The Kleptomaniac"— Mrs. John Burton, Mtss
Frances Irish; Mrs. Valeria Armsby (a young
widow), Mrs. Mabel Crouch Tlckell: Miss Freda
Dlxon. Mrs. Samuel Hackett; Mrs. ' Charles
Dover (a bride). Miss Georgle Cope; Mrs. Pres
ton Ashley (a gossip). Miss Martha Coffln;
Miss Evelyn Evans (a journalist). Mrs. Frank
Wasley; Katie (Mrs. Burton's maid). Miss
Vera "Wasley. Scene: Mrs. Burton's boudoir.
The patronesses are: Mrs. B. V.,Hath
away, Mrs. Allen O. Freeman, Mrs.
''\u25a0 vDETROIT.*: Oct. ,19.— The" tug Christian,
supposed to be from Toledo. Ohio, with a
crew of five \u25a0 men, Captain -Harlow, was
run down and cut in two by the steamer
J.-J. Albright to-night at the upper end
Lake \u25a0, Tug Run Down.
LONDON. Oct.- 19.-A revival of "The
Belle of New York" will succeed "The
Whirl of the Town," the final . berf ordn
ance of which was given at the Century
Theater this evening for three w«ekH.~ The
cast will bs largely American,' including
Madge Leasing In Edna May's part; I und
James Sullivan and Frank Lawton.
"The Belle of New York."
WASHINGTON. Oct. W.-The State De
partment has been informed that* W. H.
Meally, the American-citizen who has
been lying In jail at Porforio Diaz, under
commitment, by a Mexican court for con
tempt' of court In withholding certain
legal papers, has been' released on * boll.
This removes tho acute phase of the case,
in \u25a0 which ' the State Department had in
tsreftted itself, and the trial will go' on
in the usual Mexican manner.
Meally Is Eeleased.
HOUSTON. Tex., Oct. M.— The Hutchlns
House, a large four-story, hotel, wan
burned at an early hour this morning and
it is believed. the fire was caused by In
cendiarism. There were about 300 guests
in the house, all of whom escaped; in
eafcty and without injury. Many of them
lost- heavily in property, however, as
thieves raided the hotel while the fire was
in progress. The loss is placed at $110,000
on the hotel and furnishings, with Insur
ance of $55,000. - if. . , \u25a0\u25a0 .
Quests Escape From a Fire.
OAKLAND, Oct; 1?.-Martln McGovcrn.
who lives at W Twenty-fifth street, was
slaking Ihne for a new house this after
noon.' when he accidentally took a header
Into tho Rlzzllnjr Ingredient. Before ho
could extricate himself he was-,badly
burned about the arm's and chest, v Ho
was - removed uy his comrades to the Re
cpIvIwr Hospital, where he was treated, v
Falls . Intq Slaking Lime.
Baron de Reuter's Sinner.
IX)KDON'. Oct. 19.— Baron da Reuter
rave a dinner to-nlcht in celebration of
the jubilee of the establishment ot Hau
ler's agency, which his father founded in
1QL Blr John Hay, chairman of Reuter'*
Telegraph Company (limited); Baron
George do Reuter, Mark Napier, rcpre-
OAKLAND.' Oct. 19.-Under the hew law
providing for • the appointment of special
policemen to preserve peace and protect
property on Its trains and boats the*South
ern Pacific Company has had eleven of the
slxtoecn conductors on the Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley local runs sworn In aa
special offlcerH. They are R. L. Qaunce,
A. B. Cole, 8. W. Bones, A. Buchanan, -A.
T. Trathan, O. A. Carpenter,. M. Morris,
J). P. Murphy, R. R. Owen, C. Palllser
and J. \u25a0 H. LJcfie. ; • :
Conductors as Policemen.
BERKKLKY. Oct. 19.-Roberr Patter
«on. a 13-yenr-old boy. living on Channlng
wny was struck. In the calf of tho left
leg while near GrlMly -Peak yesterday
afternoon by a stray bullet His Injury
made It Impossible for him to walk, and
he was found lying on an open hillside
in a precarious condition through loss of
blocd by VV7 B. Greeley and C. Weaver,
two university men. The boy was car
ried to town and medical aid .secured.
Young Patterson docs not know who shot
him. He was nlono when the bullet
utruck him ami ho saw no one In the di
rection from which' the shot came. He
was out of danger to-dny. . . .
Wounded by Stray Bullet.
After the laylr.g of the cornerstone the
royaJ procession formed and the visitors'
proceeded to II. M. fi. Ophtr, the royal
yacht, lying in the stream. Both sides
at the street were lined with troops. After
tne royal visitors had eaten luncheon on
board th«j Ophlr they reviewed 2W0 troops
(jn the Halifax common. A very large
< rr,v,-i\ had gathered for this function.
und the I»uk<! wan cheered on htn arrival
«nd departure from the grounds. A fea
ture of the review was the presentation
of color* to the Sixty-eighth (Princess
)>-.\u25a0!;!•-., KuflM'-rn and of medals to the
Koutb Airivnn veterans. Major J. B.
Htalrs wan als) presented with a sword
tor gallant conduct In South Africa. There
van a Ktate dinner on board the Ophir
this evening, and later an official recep
tion In the legislative council chamber.
The illumination of the warships to-night
was very effective.
HALIFAX. !C. S.. Oct. 19 -The Dukfe and
I.»uche»s of Cornwall and Tork and the
royal party reached tht last stage ot
tfi^ir transcontinental Journey to-day,
v h#:n t h* royal train In two section* rolled
Ji<i» thi <~a.tflt.al of Nova Scotia.
A mod for tfi* nlsrht had bwn mad»r at
\Vindeor Junction, a point about thirty
mil'-s from Halifax, and at noon, amid the
tcomlng of cannon from the warship* and
forts and loud cheering from an immeni««
«~oncourx* ot p*-op!^ i;ather*-d at the
: 2Corth-«treei station, the royal coupl**
rnade a triumpnant entry Into th<5 cuy.
They »<re presented with an address by
Mayor Jfamiltori and the Itev. Principal
J"'»r»«t. on behalf of Dalhounlp University.
After the presentation of the addrc.'HS<;s
the visitors drove to th«: Provincial Par
liament buiidingx, where the Duke laid the
cornerstone of the monum«?nt to b« erect
*?<i In memory of Nova hcotla soldiers
v-h't fell in the South African war. A large
j>umb»-r of people wltneiji-ed this ceremony
Jir.j at JUs conclusion threr; cheers were
given for the Duke. The Duk*\ in the
coau— of hlx eix?*ch In reply to tlie a*i
<Jr< e« ot Mayor Hamilton, referred to his
hearty reception In Canada and said that
be considered It was fitting that he ehoulri
tr.kc leave of Canada in th<? province that
was the first over which the HrltHh flag
v.c\f,a.
Upon her deathbed a year ago Mrs.
Louisa Stotvart deeded a tract of farm
ing land to her mother, Mrs. Louisa Knnn,
and ten days afterward she. died. Ever
since the passing of Mrs. Stewart her
mother 1 nnd husband, James Stewart,
have been fighting over, the deeded prop
erty and a bitter contest Is being- waged
In tho courts, with charges and counter
charges of fraud and misrepresentation
on both sides.
Hostilities in the fight between the son
in-law and mother-in-law began Just after
the pnn-ln-la w was appointed .administra
tor of hia wife's witatf. Mrn.Knon Insti
tuted Milt to quiet title to the tract that
had been deeded to her by her daughter.
Htfv.art filed his answer to thin suit to
day and mnke^t serious charges against
the .complainings mother-in-law. He as
s»:rta HiHt Khe gained ascendency over his
wlfn by representing -to her that he was
a dri:ti!<ard 'and' n worthless person and
that he had not treated her as a wife
should be treated. Ho Includes the chil
dren of Mrs. l£nos in his answer and says
that they w. ro as responsible as their
mother for the troubles over the property
In question. He denies that he was ever
worthless or a drunkard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 19.
James Stewart Charges
Mother-in-Law With
Fraud.
Farewell Speech of King
Edward's Son at
Halifax.
Lccused of Stealing a Watch.
• Edward Place, bartender, and John
Brown, a barber, were arrested early yes
terday morning and» booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny. They
are accused of stealing a nickel watch
from Sam Cue.' a Chinaman, while he wu
in Chancourt's saloon, 156 Grant avenue.
The watch was recovered. The cases were
called In Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
and continued till Thursday.. •
HAMLET AND BROWNIES
AT THE DEWEY THEATER
Popular Plays to Be Put on Next
Week at Oakland P lay- v
1 house.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— "Hamlet," with
Lander* Stevens In the role of the melan
t-holy Dane, will be the bill at the Dewey
Theater next week* - The great tragedy
will afford Mr. Stevens n splendid oppor
tunity to display hla ' versatility. The
tlrst-class talent which makes up the sup
porting company at the Dewey will assist
Mr. Stevens in this production of "Ham
let." •
Palmer Cox's popular operetta. "The
Brownies In Fairyland." will be given four
afternoon performances.at the Dewey. be
ginning on Saturday, the 2Gth inst. Over
200 children will appear in the cast. The
costumes, scenery and stage effects are
entirely new. Thirty original specialties
that have never before been seen In "The
Brownies In Fairyland" will be given for
the llrat time.
Meaker Found Guilty.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Arthur E. Meaker
Jr. w-is found guilty this morning of steal
ing $40 50 from the trunk of his roommate.
Assistant Secretary Thompson of the Y.
M. C. A. He was -sentenced to serve four
mont'us In the City Prison. .
Broke Up a Meeting.
Arthur Blumquist, a sailor, went Into
the Salvation Army barracks at Wash
ington and Montgomery streets last night,
and taking out a revolver threatened to
.shoot out the lights. He was arrested by
Police Officer Stanton after a desperate
struggle. He was charged at the City
Prison with exhibiting a deadly weapon
and disturbing* the peace. * -. "
Walter S. Payne.
Oct. 10.— Walter S., Payne,
for a number of year* commander' In
chief of the Sons of Veterans, died to
day from the effects of an operation per-,
formed on Monday. '
Appraisers for Fort Yuma.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— The Secre
tary of i the Interior to-day appointed
Royal A. Johnson of Tucson, Ariz., and
H. D. Latham of Phoenix. Arix., apprais
ers of .the 'abandoned part of the Fort
Yuma- military reservation, lying south of
the Colorado Klver In Arizona, compris
ing, forty-five acres, together with any
Government buildings thereon.
A financial Journal publishes rules for
discovering counterfeit bank notes. What
the averase man wants Is a few simple
rules for discovering the genuine article.
DEATHBED DEED
CAUSES TROUBLE
Last night in the clubhouse at Tlburon
tho Corinthian yachtsmen held the clos
ing jinks of the season. About 7 o'clock
a supper was served on the pla2za, and
an hour later an Informal entertainment
began In the main hall, at which the Cor
inthian auartet and most . of the well
known favorites helped to pleare the au
dience. Several San Francisco Club mem
bers attended tho jinks. To-day the
yachts of both clubs will cruiee in com-'
pany for the last time this year.
At tho California Yacht Club house In
Oakland Creek the season was closed with
an informal entertainment and a sup
per of chowder, beans, bread and cheese,
etc To-day the Oakland yachtsmen will
take tho last .\u25a0> scheduled cruise of, the
icason. . . - • ;.
Yachtsmen Hold Closing jinks.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon a company
of red-coated Canadian soldier* met a iK-
tachment of American soldhrn nt tho
center of the upper steel arch bridge and
esoorted them to Lundys Lane. The cere
monials took place In .the presence of n
company of distinguished representatives
of lii" Canadian' and American Govern*
m<n!«. veterans and historical organlzr.»
tlonn and prominent citizens of the Ni
agara frontier. "***
NIAGARA FALL8. Ont., Oct. 12.-The
bodies of \u25a0 nine American soldiers who
n.'-r«-.ktIl<-<J In the battle of Lundy's Lane
were rclntrrrod this afternoon near tho
epot where they fell In the bloody strife
marly 100 years ago. The bodies were
discovered several months ago and were
identified by means of buttons and ac
coutrements as members of thr Ninth
United Statin Infantry. •
In rrportlng the discovery to the StJte
Department. Mr. liruah, United States
< i»nml here, suggested t.iat the bodies i<c
buried either at Kort Porter or Fort Ni
agara; l*ut later, at the request of Cai.a
dlan officials and members of thn Lun>Jys
Ixiia Historical Society, It was recum-
Hiend«»d that the reinterment take pIa«.-»*
At Ivundys I>ane battlefield, where the
bodies were discovered. Thfs was np
proved by the State Department and W>ir
Ofpartment, and details were ' arran^fd
under their direction.
Impressive Ceremony at Reinterment
of Remains on the Famous
Old Battlefield.
NEW GRAVES OPENED
FOR LUNDY LANE MEN
sentatives of. the Associated Press and
the Havas and Wolff bureaus, the great
agencif-8 with which the Reuters Com
pany In aJUed. and many others were pres
ent. Telegrams of congratulations from
all part* of the world were received dur
inc the dinner.
be the following named:
M!«s OeneMeve Knoll. Miss Anita. Puuk-r.
U!s» EdlUi Wynne. Hiss Edna Wyckoft. Mlns
George H. Howleon, Mrs. F. V. Pagct,
Mrs. Frank Houir and Mrs. James 8. bur
nell.
HANDSOME VOUNO LADIES OF BERKELEY WHO WILL ACT AS USH
ERS AT THE ENTERTAINMENT TO BE GIVEN BY THE UNITA
RIAN WOMEN'S AUXILIARY AT SHATTUCK HALL.
BERKELEY. Oct. 19.-Lleutenat Colonel
Marlon 1*. Mbus. inspector general of the
Department of California. In h!s report on
the last annual Inspection of the military
department of the University of Califor
nia, held during the latter part of the
spring term of this year, has recommend
ed several Important and Interesting
changes to the United States' army
authorities concerning the cadet corps.
His report, mude public to-day at the
university, highly commends t.ie general
work of the department.
Colonel Maus recommends that there be
held an nnnunl mdet encampment of one
wrck. He atutos that the general i»oyt«rn
ment would uromote military etliciency
by providing for the oneumpment in the
way of UK-rul appropriations for teiKUKe.
mmp and gurnson equipage for tigulur
field service. Target practice, he sayB.
should be held during the encampment.
Colonel Maus n.lleves tlwt the Govern
ment would advance the Interests* of Its
l)p«;irtmcnt of War by seeing that such
Institutions as 'he. University of Califor
nia are not lacking In iupds to instruct
their student»-in military science.
He makes another Important recom
mendation from the student stanopoint,
and that is tint ull college men who. are
working their way through the university
receive free uniforms from the Govern
ment ' He al*<» recommends that suoh
military clothing as can be \u25a0pawd by the
ueneril Government be »old to the cadets
upon the approval of the proper. college
und military authorities.
Colonel Maus In his report says:
"1 found the clothing, arms and eqfilp
m<'iU of the cadets complete and In very
good condition, and the step, military ap
nearancc and bearing good, there being u
riecldtffl improvement since the last Inspec
tion. The instruction In the school of the
company was found to be generally sat-
Isfrtctory. Care and attention had been
\u25a0 Riven to this work. Judging from the man
: ner In which the ceremonies of inspection
1 nnd review were carried out. It was also
i evident thai very satisfactory Instruction
had been given In battalion drill."
Colonel Maus makes special mention. of
Armorer John C. Mitchell in his report.
"This soldier has received" a Congres-
Klonnl mcdnl of honor and Is held In high
PKteem. The arms and other property !n
the care of Ordnance Sergeant Mitchell
are kept In Rood, sesvlceable condition.*'
! Colonel Mnuw' comments on the effl
1 clency of the cadet corps are much more
•favorable tlmn those he made a year aso.
At that tlmo he reported the bearing of
i the (ttt'dcnts unsoldierly and decried long
I hnlr nnd •muhnven faces.
Leslie Stuart, the composer of the mn
aic of "Florodora." Is here from London
with Ms wife and Is staying at the Pal
ace. He is a typically well groomed young;
Englishman, very modest and unassum
ing, who takes his honors In a blushing
manner. He Is out here on pleasure, and.
leaves to-night for Southern California.
Mr. Stuart made his first hit In compos
ing the coon song "Louisiana Lou.". This
was followed by the song "By the Sad
Sea Waves." His songs are now eagerly
sought after by music hall singers "across
the pond."
The composer says there are at pres
ent three "Florodora" companies in
America — one in N«w York and two tour
ing the country. There are five com
panies touring England with the same
comic opera, one in Australia and one in
South Africa.
His latest work. -"The Silver Slipper,**
is being produced at an immense business
In London. A company will shortly be
brought from London and produce it In
this country. • • . . • \u25a0 .
Last evening Mr. Stuart paid a visit to
Chinatown and to-day he will be enter
tained by friends before leaving for 5 th a
south. a*V- •
A. Chlefalzota (owner) with II. J. WelM (con
tractor)." architects William Mooser * . Son—
Carpenter and mill work.- hardware, glazing,
palntlmt, atalrs. sswerln*-. nlumblnv and itas
fitting for a .one-story residence on H line of
Union street. 160 W of Taylor, W 30 by B 120:
$445$. \u25a0•••'.• ' '\u25a0' \u25a0 •. - \u25a0 ' -l | ,
T. M. and M. A. Curtis i (owner)' with R.
Cook (contractor), plans bv owner— All work
for a two-story frame bulld'na; (4. flats) to be
built In rear of 2«7« and. * 2«7» • Folnoni street;
$2«00. ': - '; \u25a0 \u25a0 ' • "-. ~ 1 \u25a0 .. . ;-.• ' ,-.,
Builders' Contracts.
city and County, of Ban F*ranc!nco to Wil
liam H. Murkier.- lot on N lln» of I,«kf strfet.
Wi W of Third avenue. W «.":«. N 0 degree* I A
mlnutfa W 3T«. K 3M:«. N 37S. N 75 degrees 40
minutes • seconds K 2«R. fl 77«: f .
Klrannr M. Masseyto William Wolf, lot* .".!•
to 4V. block 10. City l^and Ars-iciatlon; JO.
Kmma K. Pkaa:cs (widow) to A. P. Roilh.
Int-rin 8W line of Fifteenth a v»nito. iRO.fr mu
K street. B K0 bv.W 7.V lot 3. hWV 309. Rout h
Han Pranrlscn Homestead and Rallrrad Ait-n
clatlon: crant. \u25a0 ; \u25a0 •...
IllbernlR Havlne* and I^>an 8«clrtv f» Wa 1 
ter and Agntt Baxter, lot on K lino pf Cali
fornia avenue. 75 E of Eve street, 8 r.0 by 18
132. portion Plat C, aa per map. in $53 Mort
cs;es 81: $380. -
Henry B. and Julia. A. Underhlll to Ann* F.
Hart Mvtfa of John). Henry B. Underhlll Jr.
nnd William A. and O«orr» L. Un<J«rhlll, lot!
1 to S. block 11, Coller# Hom-stea^ A«rnrla
tlon: bIimi lot 4. hloek 97. lot B. block 64. Uni
versity Mount Tract: e-lft and |i.
Mary K. and John J. MrGuIre tr> (». R. Mr*
Gee and W. N. Canfleid. lot on K linn of
Twelfth avenue, 800 N of I street. N 25 by K
120: ?10.
Veronica C. Balrd twl.lmv) to The llatrd
Kstati> Company (corporation), lot on 8\V cor
ner of Halxht ami Col«> street!, W UJMi. 8
35 dofrcea K .in:,, i: iS:V\, S 275: also lot on
NW corner of Cole, and Halght street*. W
528 by N ISO: also lot on NK corner of Cole
and Hal*hl utrerts. K 177:6 by N 137:<: al/-o
lot on NE corner of Ashbury and. llnlcht
\u25a0tiretR. E 381:3 by N ITS: $10.
Kdmond B. Porter to Julius Weber, lot on N
line of I'aclflc avenue, U:3 W of Central ave
nue. W 46:3. N 21:4. NK 4«:5«i. 8 2.1:3^: |10.
Jamei> Rankln- to Karah K. Knnkln. lot on
NW corner of Diamond and KlRhtrenth streets,
W 125 t.y N 75; itlft.
Hptnuel R. Orotikt vs. Jonathan J. Cr'ok*
et als. (by J. T. llarmes. Oustave H. I'mbsen
and Peter J. Hulllvan. referepn) to Frank D.
Mitiils >n. lot on N line of Jackxnn #treet. 137:6
W of Dupont. W 34:44 by N 137:6; jyi.ono.
Prank I), and Grace I. Madlaon to M.ir.-an t
J. Morffew (wife of Thomas) and Florence A.
Urowne (wife of It. S.). same; Ho.
Daniel Orenlnxer to Helena n. Orcnlnser. lot
on NW Itne of Stevenson atreet, 73 8W of
Sixth. BW*2S liy NW 75: gift.
Ram* to same, lot on W lln» of Sixth iir^ei
(Hlinmons), ZO NW cf Ptrvrnam.. NW ?5 by
8W U; clft. \u25a0 . ' •
Botomon and T>ora Getx to Mlrhnel M. t>or>
nelly, lot on K line, of 8»v*ntb nvenur. 125 N
of A street. N 2S by B«1»: IK).
Frank U and Mnrle I. Bateman to Yincentlo
and Kmhnrlna /MKanelll. lot on N line nf
['ace street, 171:3 W of Cole, W 35 by N 137:6:
lio.
b'amt to same, lot on S line of Fell street.
81 \V of SKIner. W 80. S 1J7:«. E M, N I7:«.
i: IS, N no: Kirt. ,
AloysU M. Kearns to Mary I.. Downey, lot
on N line of K.I.I >• street. H7;6 K of Pierce. K
*::< by N TS: $10.
Hutch \V. liraflley to Ix>uls A. St»lft-er. lot on
K\V corner of Lyon street and Golden Uate
ttvrnufv W ST:< by A 100: $10.
Veronica C. Balrd and Kbenezer Scott (as
trustee* of the e«tate of John H. llalrd) to
Marie V. Hal.twln. *»tin 11.. Miles T. and David
J. lialrd. lot in NIC «'r»rnrr of Masonic avenue
anil HalRht street. N :T5 by E U2:«; also lot
en NW corner nf Masonle avenue and Waller
meet. N 2TS by W 281:3: «l*o lot on NW corner
of Anhbury and Waller street*. N 275 by \V
«1S:«: also lot on NW corner of Clayton and
Waller strscts, N 273 by W SS5:7M; also lot on
NK corner of Clayton ami Halght streets, K
& by N 137 :« : also lot on NW corner of Clay
ton nn.l Hnlk-ht streets. W Z7'a by N 137:6; also
lot on SW corner .of HalRht street nnd Central
avenue «Ix>tt rtT*rt). W 137:6. 8 137:6. K ?5. N
37:«. E li::«. N 1M: f — .
F*rr<Wlrk A. and Annie Ohm to Kdward II.
Perry, lot on K line of Klllmore street. U s
of Waller. H 24 !i>- K Sl:l: 110.
Marcaretha Ulrln (widow) io Augusta Trie
hel (wire of Ix>uU>. Charlotte Glrln. Louisa
IlnRmaler (wife of Charlgii) an<! Kllznbeth
Walton (wife of Jamrs). Wt on 8\V" corner of.
Ifalght and Htelner streets. \V 31:3 b>- 8 lOu;
Sift.
ftEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Leslie Stuart Arrives
From London on a
Short Visit.
for Students.
Colonel Maus Recom
mends Annual Outing
DUKE PRAISES
THE CANADIANS
BERKELEY. Oct. 19.-Two of Mrs.
Margaret Cameron Smith's enter
taining plays -will be presented In
Ehattuck Hall Monday nipht by
the Women's Auxiliary of the
Finn Unitarian Church of this city. The
casts have been selected from the mern
t «rs cf an amateur dramatic club In Oak
lu-d. wna have already achieved much
ecccess en the stage. The plays which
vin be presented are '•The Pipe of Peace"
tnd "The Kieptonxanlac."
Several young ladles of the Channlng
Club, an organization of the young folk
in the Unitarian church, will act a* ush
*irm on the main floor. They, with the
members of th*» auxiliary, are taking a
<ie*p interest in the entertainment and
are striving in every manner to make it
as successful as possible. The usher* will
West nm« to the hospital about three
weeki ago for treatment for a compound
fracturo of the Jaw. said to have been-in
flicted by strikers in San Francisco. He
had previously received •medical assist
ance at the County Hospital In San Fran
cisco. His condition made him despond
ent and he talked frequently of suicide.
He has n mother living In Oakland and a
brothei In San Francisco. , ;
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— C. C. West, an in
mate of the County. Infirmary at San
Leandro, cut his throat from ear to ear
this n.orning and will die from the effects
cf the self-Inflicted wound, the jugular
vein having been severed and his con
dition rendered precarious by the great
loss of blood. West was discovered soon
after he cut himself in the washroom of
the hcspltal. He was leaning over the
wash basin, holding his hands against
the wound in his neck. Alongside of him
on th? floor was the weapon with which
he had attempted to end his life. Super
intendent Clarke sewed up the wound and
trealed him, but expressed the opinion
that he could not live.
Said to Htfve Been Inflicted
by Strikers.
Was Despondent Over Fractured Jaw
INFIKMABY- INMATE. CUTS
TEBOAT FEOM EAE TO EAR
of Grosse Isle, which is about nine miles
below this city. Three of the five men on
the tug were drowned. Captain Harlow
Is supposed to Uc one. of them. , -\u25a0-. •? :.
"FLORODORA'S"
COMPOSER HERE
CADETS SHOULD
GO INTO CAMP
AI.AMEDA. Oct. 19.-For ten days
two savase. bow-legged bulldog?.
with the assistance of a gang of
smaller but none the less vicious
monsrcl canines, have prevented
Constable George EL Clarke from serving
a warrant of arrest upon their aged mis
tress. Mrs. Dorothea Olsen of 623 Santa
Clara avenue.
Every time the officer has visited the 01
«en premises with the official document in
hi* Inside pocket he has been confronted
at the gate with the fighting squad of
d<jgs, every one of which is longing for a
chip of the limb of the law or a souvenir
patch of his pantaloons. .
Constable Clarke Is not a man who la
short on moral or physical courage. He
Eeived through the Civil War with honor.
Ho, has been upon the firing line many
tin.es, but says the sensation is not to
be compared' to that of a man who has
been up against a biting line of carnlver
ous curs.
Constable. Clarke has tried every mili
tary sortie /known in his efforts to rout
the canine' forces guarding the besieged
Mrs. Olsen. but thus far he has made no
headway. He has proffered kind words and
fresh steaks, has whistled appealingly
and made friendly gestures at the cohort
of canines, but all to no purpose. The
dogs have refused to greet him with the
glad tall and will not masticate his meat.
Aged Mrs. Olsen directs the movements
It Is very probable that Constable
Clarke will call In Poundmzster Alfred
Ewing to help biro raise the siege at Ol
sen's and clear the way for the operation
of the law. Tacticians who have recon
noitered the situation say that an allied
force of this kind would score a victory
In short order.
The warrant for Mrs. Olson's arrest was
issued on complaint of a neighbor who
alleged that the old lady disturbed the
peace.
Mrs. Olsen Is 82 years of age. Some time
ago she surprised her friends by marry
ing a man 59 years her Junior, be being
but 23. ,. \u25a0
"My duties require me to serve) warrants
an 1 make arrests," said Constable Clarke,
"and to use force If necessary, but there
Is nothing In the laws of California that
requires a peace officer to mix It with a
pack of bulldogs."
of her animal guardians with, cossommsis
skill. Whenever she discerns from her
lookout tower In the attic of her house
the approach -of the enemy she pulls a
string which slams the gate. The docs
are Instantly at their posts and do the
rest. • :
VIEW OF THE AGED DOROTHEA OLSEN'S STRONGHOLD, THAT CON
VEYS A FAIR IDEA OF THE DIFFICULTIES WHICH CONFRONT CON
STABLE CLARKE IN HIS EFFORTS TO UPHOLD LAW IN ALAMKDA.
Madolcff says that hu liax been In Amer
ica for three years. 'He and M. P. Knlntt
<!off are working In this country under
the Macedonian committee, raising funds
nnrt dohiK whatever else In possible to aid
thi-lr countrymen. That Madolrff Is in
direct communication with th« Macedo
nian committee Is certain, as he receive.*
vi'glstortd mall from that body. H«
mak's no secret of thla and nhows hU
!»;.[• i* to prove; his identity. Ih» carric*
n.any receipts and other papers bearing
the weal of the "Macedonian Society of
the IJnlted States of America." The seal
consists of a red xkull and crossbotu-a
*ut rounded by the name of the society
and ii leather belt. Below the crossbonc*
1.4 the name of Levskl, a Macedonian pat
riot.
.War la spreading over Macedonia and It will
noon bur*l Info a fl>rce flume not to be ex
tingulxhe.l until Bulgaria ind Macedonia arc
free. Many peojile have vtrange Ideas concern
ing the Macedonian committee and the Mace
donian S<>clety. The committee Is com|>o«ed
of *lx m»-n with headquarters at Sofia, the
•-apti.il of Bulgaria. The society has mem
bers nil over the worM. and It Is under the
direction of the committee. The open and
avowed purpose of the i-untmlttee Is for free
dom from Turkey, and In thin It has the sym
pathy of the Mulgartan Government.
War Is Spreading.
For the last thirty years the oppression of
the Turklnh Government on my people has
been "too cruel. They have been downtrodden
nnd kept poor through taxes and extortion.
They are forced to support marching regi
ment*, the young men are sent to prison and
the young w.iiuti carried away. Fur rcventte.
for outrages on friends and rclatlvm. the men
become brlicands and enter into a state of
constant battle.
The brigands are men who have been robbed
by the Turks or have had their wives or dough
ters forced Into Turkish wlfedom by officials
and soldier* of th« Sultan. They have K-n*»
to the mountains with the avowed purpose of
revenge. Those who took Miss Stone evidently
kn-w her. They knew that the was teaching
home religion strange to them and that behind
her was a rich people.- They saw In her an
opportunity for money, which they must have.
If Miss Stone Is In the hands of my people,
as I believe she Is, she will receive «ood treat
ment. There Is no question about It. But it
the ransom Is not paid or If the brlfrand* are
pretsed by soldiers Mlaa Stone will b~ killed.
That Is certain. I know the people. Their
lives are nothing to them; they are seeking
revenre only.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— A recital of the
facts surrounding the abduction of Miss
Ellen M." Stone in Turkey, the people who
have dono it and their motives, is given
by Veltcho Nickoloff Madoh-ff, a N Mace
donian at present in this city, and who
claims to be a member of the Macedonian
Society and in direct communication with
the celebrated Macedonian committee.
He claims a personal acquaintance with
Mies Stone, his native village, Beletesa.
being but three miles from where she wia
captured. With his knowledge of the
people and affairs there he believes that
ho Is able to give correct reasons for her
capture.
According to Madolcff Miss Stone was
taken Into captivity by brigands from his
own people and possibly members of the
Macedonian Society. He declares em
phatically, however, that the act was
without the knowledge or connivance of
either the Macedonian committee or the
Bulgarian Government. The brigands
who took Miss Stone have one purypse
only for thctr act. and that is to- secure
money with which /to pufehase arms to
revenge themselves against the Turks for
outrages committed on tne Maceuoiuuitd.
The brigands, according to Madoleff, are
a comparatively ignorant people, who
recognized in Miss Stone an opportunity
for bountiful ransom. In speaking of
them MtuloKft said:
Bobbed by the Turks.
Sultan's Cruelty Responsible
for Abduction • of
Missionary.
Stone.
Macedonian Tells of the
Capture of Miss
SEEK FUNDS
TO FIGHT TURKS
Constable Clarke Would Take Aged firs. Dorothea
Olseri From Her Pets, but They. Object.
BULLDOGS AND MONGRELS YEARN
TO SAMPLE OFFICERS TROUSERS
OAKLAND AMATEURS TO TREAD
BOARDS IN UNIVERSITY TOWN
Will Present Two Plays in Berkeley at Entertainment
by Ladies of Unitarian Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIij STJTNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
27
rviSi"luM7vifAiiTY"|
S . . . .FOR MjEN.:.. * :?B
S I i^sj Bk MORMON BISHOP'S TILLS HAVE BEEN IN \u25a0
\u25a0 u sc over fifty years by the leaders of the Mormon Church •<
B sH»T^ri3im a »d their followers. Positively cure the worst cases in J
S iKif^^Ba °'^ an d young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- j
S IWW/^Wtli tion > cxcc sses or- cigarette-smoking, Cure Lost Map- '5
B \u25a0L^kV.ylsW ' lo ?d« Impotency, Lost Poyvcr. Night Losses, Insomnia, |
sj Pai "s >n Back. Lame Back, Neryous Debility. Head- \u25a0
\u25a0 .ache. Unfitness to Marry, Varicocele^ or Constipation, B
\u25a0 L-JBSL—J ' Stop Nervous Twitching of Eyelids. Effects are im- I
\u25a0 -mediate. ; Imparts vipjor and 'issy'^w j potency to ..'every function.^"
JJ ' Don't get despondent; «i cure CIZT \u25a0 \u25a0 ' s at hand. Stimulate the H
5 brain and nerve centers; 50c a imgB W box; 6 for $^.50 by mail. M A^H
S' written guarantee to cure'C^,^^ or money refunded with. 6 s
S boxes.:<?Circulars free. Address' •!.-„ BISHOP REMEDY; CO, 40 1
\u25a0 Ellis st;, San Francisco. Cal. CBNTS * GRANT ;DRUG CO., 38 and \u25a0
\u25a0 40 Third street. - * \u25a0
BBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflof the Episcopal convention, was fully re
covered yesterday and left for the East.
James Glrdwood, a manufacturer of
Irish linen' at Belfast, In at the Palace.
A. M. Burns, editor of The Province of
Vancouver, B. C. is staying at the Grand.
' R. vB. Burns, master mechanic of. the
Santa Fe Railway. Is spending a few days
at tSi« Grand.
John R. Tregloan, superintendent of a
J S Goodman, a mining man of Tou
lift, le at the Lick.
W B. Tinning, a prominent resident of
Martinet. If, a puect at the Grand.
J. W. Ropert a fruit gTowcr of Chico,
\r amonc ihc- arrivals at the Kick.
• B!«hop Lawrence of Mai<flachusetts, who
\u25a0axis Incapacitated by fatigue at the clos«e
PERSON AX.
p»T|^rIE fancj- fair at Mechanics'.- Pavll- j
j I Jon for the benefit of St. Mary's
I j Cathedral was officially opened
1L last night. Joseph Sadoc Tobin,
introduced by Father Prender
p:2St as "our next Mayor." tnace the
opening speech and then the ladle? In
charge of the daintily decorated booths i
j;rocee<!ed to turn masculine pockets in
tide out and generally gather In the
harvest for -which they- have been "»ew
ir.g". for mor.ths past. ..
Father Prendergast in his preliminary
remarks said that Archbishop Riordas
\u25a0RiiS to have opened the fair, but that
church duties had railed him to the Hast.
Father Prendergast called the attention
Of those present to the fact that request*
for financial aid on behalf of the cathed
ral had been of extremely rare occur
rence. • ,
The cathedral." he said, "is something
in which every member of every parish in
Scji Francisco is equally interested. Our
'Mthedral has been of less cost to this
d:ocese than has any other cathedral In
the cour.tr>'. and. yet. from # the Atlantic
to thfc Pacific there is no more beautiful
specimen of ecclesiastical architecture."
Tobin. Opens the Fair.
He then introduced Tobin as "our next
Mayor and the repre.«entative of one of
*he old California families that had been
'.tmsnicuous for loyalty to the church."
Tobin said that In the excitement and
whirl of a political campaign he found his
mir.o busy with other things than church
fairs.
•Father Prendergast." he said, "has re
ferred to me as a young- man who has
maxJe somewhat o # f a name for himself.
In reply I want to say that whatever I
ejn I eve to the fatherly administrations
and found advice of Father Prenderuast,
whom 1 have known wer since I can re
membT."
Mr. Tobin said that in aiding tl# cause
lor which the fair had been promoted me
friends of the cathedral should remember
that what th*»y might be able to do was
not charity but duty. He then declared
the fetr open. , •
A well arranged programme of vocal
end instrumental music was rendered
durtr.«r ».h* evening by the Cathedral
Ohorai go«-iety. the Knickerbocker
Quartet and the Cathedral Mandolin Club.
Presented "With Loving Cup.
8. • C. - Chapman, manager* of the local
branch of'*, the- American } Bicycle; Com
pany, who will shortly return Bast on ac
count of t h» , consolidation of - the - com*
pany'i stores, ,w.ag >, preiented yeiterday.
.with a loving cup by his former employes.
* Calif ornlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, OcL 19.— The fol
lowing Calif ornlans \u25a0 have arrived at the
hotels: Raliegh-p, H.. Hough, and wife,
Miss Hough, Stockton; Margaret Hut
chinflon, A. TUkermln and ,;wlfe, C. C.
Green, Mrs. M. D. Crawford. Ban Rafael;
W.,8. Hall. Woodland: D. B. Hoff. San
Francisco. . Ebbltt— Charles '-. M. • Martin,
San Francisco. Riggs— Mf. and Mrs. J.
H. Spicer, I^os Angoles. ..•-,. «vi?iv
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— The following
Callfornlana . have arrived: San Fran
cisco—C.- R. Hadley. at the Manhattan;
W. H.H. Hart, at. the Holland; lin. M.
Ralston, at the Victoria; C. H. Grant, at
the Astor; Mrs. F.^McMahon, at the Her
aldI Bquare: F. \V,, Prince and wlfeyat the
Cadillac; F. F. Barbour. at the riolland;
M . r w C/lP i D " nca n» at the St. Denis; F.
I>let»s and wife, at the Hotel Savoy; Mrs.
M. Martin, at the VlctoHa; A. M. Plite. at
the Astor House; W. F. Sesnon and wife,
at the Holland. '-.'..• > « . <
flan Jo»e-B. G. Northrop, at the Grand
union. . * v.> \u25a0
Calif ornlani In New York.
George C. Thomas, a member of the
Svn^J'? 1^ 8 *" u Com P»ny. bankers, of
Ph ladclphla, who was a delegate to the
Episcopal convention, returned yesterday
to the East in his private car via Port
land.
,-.?\u25a0« H '« ?« tzhu «h and ex-President
Charles M. Hays of the Southern Pacific
Company returned yesterday from a trip
through the Yosemlte Valley.
Thomas P. Woodward, who has been
dangerously ill for the last six weeks
with liuppuratlve pneumonia, is now slow
ly convalescing. . - .
mine In Araador County, is spending a
few days at the Grand.
Congressman Francis W. Cushman of
the State of Washington arrived here yes
terday and is a guest at the Palace.
The fair Is scheduled for a run of ,th.r
teen days, and during its reign Mechanics'
Pavilion will be the social center of th«
El*?! lt . J " expected- that the bazaar will
yield a large sum, and If the prospects of
last night are realized there win be no
ci.sappolntments for the ladles who have
worked. so hard to make It a success.
New attractions will be added every day
and each evening there will be a general
entertainment well worth listening to.
tho first money toward the cathedral fund
was paid.- ' >
The full blaze of electric light necessary
to show up the booths and decorations
was not quite complete last night, but by
to-morrow evening the electricians will
have completed their task., and the pavil
ion will be Illuminated as never before.
Bazaar a Social Center.
The choral pieces were conducted by
Father Hannigan.
Beauty Buns the Booths.
An Interesting feature of the fair Is the
Cathedral Chronicle, which is being pub
lished under the editorship of Thomas P.
Prenderirast. The first number was issued
lart night and the whole edition was sold
during the evening.
Society is lending its prettiest daughter!
to the work of the fair, and every booth-,
aside from its stocks of tempting thing*
for sale, is the setting for a show: of
beauty such as only California can pro
duce in such prodigality.
To Immaculate Conception Booth goes
the honor of registering the -first sale
and to Miss Helen O'Mallythe credit for
making It. She not only made the sale,
but also the Carrie Nation doll -for which
SCENE AT OPENING OF ST. MARTS FAIR LA8T NIGHT IN MECHAN
ICS' PAVILION AND!. TWO OF THE YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL
HELP TO MAKE IT A SUCCESS.
Joseph Smith, convicted of an assault
with h. deadly weapon, was sentenced to
Imprisonment In the County Jail by Judge
Dunne yesterday.
William Kelly, who robbed the resi
dence of Mrs. Srnlnaria at 16a; Octavia
?i r f, et V wa " \u25a0 pnt to Folsom for five years.
Kelly had a prior conviction against him.
Smith and Kelly Sentenced.
The southwest corner of Washington
street and Waverly place has been sold
by the heirs of Matthew* Crooks to Lee
Bo San, with improvements consisting of
a brick building, for $15,650. The lot is
36:8x34:10.
An auction sale of properties offered by
referee, executor and administratrix and
also of miscellaneous properties will be
held by G. H. Umbsen & Co. on Monday,
October 2S. On the list are the following:
Kos. 32 to U\i Moss street; No. 4« A. B, C
and D Tehama street; So. 4373 Twenty-fourth
street; N'os. 760 and 762 Hayes street: So. 1406
Guerrero street; No*. 413 and 417 Natoma. street;
the" southeast corner of Kills and BrodeHck
streets'; No*. 105 and 105ft Devlsadero street;
No. . 603 Stockton Btreet: No. 639 Commercial
street: lot on the north line of Twenty-seventh
street, between Church and Sanchez, and parts
of outside block 1136, bounded by Fourteenth
avenue, U street and the San Miguel. Rancho.
Notices have been sent out to the mem
bers of the commission who will advise
with Architect W.Mooser of the Board of
Public Works service concerning the pro
posed fire and building ordinance, notify
ing them of their appointment. The mem
bers representing the real estate Interests
are Henry P. Umbsen and A. S. Baldwin.
The other members are & H. Kent and
M. Lynch, representing the Builders' As
sociation Exchange; II. McElroy and J.
B. McSheehy. Builders' Association; Clin
ton Day and William Curlett. San Fran
cisco Chapter of Architects; P. H.
Shaughnessy of the Fire Department:
James A. Cotter and F. H. Qualman of
the Mission Improvement Clubs; P. H.
Lot on the north line of Predta, avenue, 75
feet eaut of Folsom street, for $650; lot on th«
east side of Folsom street. 12S feet north of
Predta avenue, for $S£0; lot (0x80 on Roscoe
\u25a0treet. south of Crescent avenue, for YM; lot
23x100 on the south line of Cortlaiul avenue,
25 feet west of tJennlngton street, for $1775.
line of FUlmore street. 62:8 feet south from
Union, for $6000; W. D. Meyer to Mrs. May
Christie, lot 50x104, on the east line of Cole
street. 137:6 south of Brodertck. $3500; lot Mx
102 :8U on the north line of Washington street,
31:3 east of I-yon. $6500; J. E. Hill from Geonr*
F. Lyon four lots on Ninth avenue, between
I and J Btreetp. $3000: lot 23x100 on the west
aide of Minnesota street. 125 feet north of
Twenty-second. $1200; J. Mitchell from J. I*
Barker, eight lots in block «. West Berkeley,
$1300. .
The following sales have been made by
Thomas Magee & 8ons: .
Southeast corner of Pacific and Locust afreets,
102x137 :« for $7000; northeast corner of Filbert
and Devlsadero street*. 30x137:6. for $2500. buyer
to pay »treet work: northwest corner of Point
Lobos avenue and Wood street, 29:9x96, for
$1200.
Oscar Heyman reports the following re
cent sales effected by him:
The real estate - firm of Raymond &
Baldwin, in the Mills building, was dis
solved yesterday. Mr. Raymond will,con
tinue business in the present quarters.
Mr.. Baldwin will be connected with -th«
city department of Madison & Burke." S
The building for the Emanu-El Sister
hood on the northwest line of Folsom
street, between Eighth and Ninth, will cost
about $12,000. In the building there win be
six class rooms, a library, a cooking
school room, gymnasium., reading and
game rooms, auditorium and living rooms.
Shea & Shea have prepared designs for
the parochial residence of St. Peter's
Catholic Church, to stand, on the south
west corner of Florida and Twenty-fourth
streets, the cost of which will b« about
$13,000.
A. E. Buckingham has sold housa* and)
lot on H street. 100 east from Twelfth ave
nue, for E. B. Hallett, to S. A. D. Young
for 13750; lot on westerly Una of Elev
enth avenue. 25x100 south from H street,
for S900 to E. B. Hallett. who will build;
soon: lot on corner of Church and Fif
teenth streets. 25x100, for John H. SprinE".
to Henry G. Gerdes, for $3000.
McCarthy and ilartln Hughes. Metal
Roofers' Association; S. C. Irving', th»
Asphaltum Roofers. There are also mem
bers to be appointed to represent the
Western Addition Improvement clubs.
The subject matter Is of general Interest
to all concerned In San Francisco realty.
F. D. Marsh of the Burnham & Marsh
Co., who has just returned from the Bast,
has been looking: Into the New York law
concerning the selling of property. This
law, he says, should greatly Interest prop
erty owners in San Francisco. . Under its
provisions it is made a misdemeanor to
offer for sale any realty without the con
sent of the owner. This puts a stop to
the hawking of property, and the buyer.
In dealing with the broker, knows that the
broker has a legal right to sell and that
he will have no trouble in procuring his
deed in case of purchase." The practice
of some who have offered a property for
a smaller price than the owner -would ac
cept, thus confusing buyers and retarding
sales, would also be remedied by the New
York law.
The jury In the matter of competition
for the proposed German Hospital build
ing selected by the building committee of
the German General Benevolent Society
and consisting of J. E. Krafft, Newton J.
Tharp and Philip Schwerdt. architects.
has handed in Its report and awarded
prizes to the firms of Kollofrath & Dean
and Schnaittacher & Boese. All the plans
will remain on exhibition in the east gal
lery of the ferry building until Saturday,
October 28. The public Is respectfully In
vited to Inspect the same.
The banquet of. the First Regiment of
the American British rifles held last night
at the California Hotel proved to be a
most successful affair. Theentlre mem
bership of the regiment, together with a
host of. invited guests,- gathered around
the festal board. The officers and the pri
vates of the. regiment were attired in nat
ty khaki uniforms, ,< which presented a
novel .yet picturesque scene in contrast
with '.the dainty decorations of the tables.
Although the feasting began at 8, it was
near the midnight hour before the sol
diers and their guests reluctantly drew
buck their chairs. .
Major P. W. D'Evelyn acted as toast
master. Among the speakers were a
number of British officers who had as
sisted in building up the great British
empire. • They. told of the achievements
which, won England her -magnificent 'do
main in Asia and Africa and paid a high
tribute to the valor of her soldiers. Gen
eral R;-H. Warfield, in hts toast to the
King, dwelt u»on the amicable relations
existing between'the two great branches
of the English speaking -people. He
pointed o'Jt the manner in which the in
terests of England and America coincide.
Words of Friendship.
Remarks testifying to' the friendship of
the United States and -England were re
ceived with applause.. -But the talks were
not all of this serious nature, as many
were devoted to^SBbJects which afforded
occasion for the sparkle of wit and mlrtli.
The affair was from beginning -to end an
unprecedented . success and It will long
lioid an honored place In the annals of the
First Ro5lm«*nt. \u25a0 \u2666
The following are the toasts and, the
sptnVera:
Greetlns. Major F. W. D" Evelyn, toastmaster,
late Natal field' force and Pretoria slrftr carri
son. South Africa: "The President of the United
.states." William Uroer tiarrl.tifti, president
Drltl(h-Amerti»n I"nlon; "The KlngV' G«n«ral
IJ. II. WarflVld, brigadier K^neml comnionillnK
and brigade. N. G. •;.; "Our Armler."-Msjor II.
E. Curzon.* inspector of rin> practice, ami brig
ade. N. O. C; "Our Navies," Major U. A.
Wright, late Fourth V. H. Ka«t Kurrey .flegl
, ment. Kennlnxton. S. K.: "Hrltlah-Amerlcan
I'nlon." Major. J. B. MarNaniara. late Can*
• <llan Garrison Artillery; "American-British
Klnes.". Quartermaster FerKeant It.' D. OlrU
wocd t late flrel, lieutenant <*ity of E«Unbur«h
.Artillery: remarks. Major P. W. IVEvelyn;
"City snd-t'oumy of f»«n Friim-lsoo." Captain
! M. A.Nathan. First fnllfornla Artillery; "The
Burmah expedition: "The I^a.lle*." L.leutf.nant
| C. E. TeacocK. tate Actor Battery, V. .8. A. •
Patriotic Musical eeloctions.
I Between tho various courses were th»
follow Iiik. patriotic and popular musical
selections:
March. "The Roast . Beef of Old Cnc
land". (national atr».. - ;
"America" .......: ... . .'. . ; ; , . IVycr
Medley. "American Natlonnl Airs" Iteyer
Serenade ;... Herbert
M«Mley, "British National Airs". .Pan Godfrey
Song. "Tommy Atkina*'. ttanford
Brodle 8(. John.
gong. -"When Dull Car*"... Lane Wl!son
\u25a0 \u25a0a'."- G*otk« R. Kins.
Son*. "T»4 Deathless Army"... I
•••••••••; •• Frederick C. We.ilhtrly
5 Lieutenant' A. K. Pyke.e.
* Orchestra. under tfco dlrtctloiitOf Mr. Tully.'
4 The romnUtteyai^KhaxontHbutpil to th«
Success, of thooflraaFiWeiV&ad* up as fo.
,Iowb: : - it^ig^ktfm VH, .
.'Rweptlon-Major. VJ W. "d 1 Evelyn, Major O.
6.' Ti S hx : Major J - -B- Mac-Namara/ Captain
i M i. r \ M. A. Nathan.
' *. Musical and proframnie— Lieutenant A. K.
Ryker. J. J. Newtwcifc. Ueor|^ R. Klna;.-
Dan<juet~Quarierma*ter Serceant Clrdwrod
corporal V. F. Soll^ra, Sl«nal Serceant 8tlr-
Ticket and decoration— Major G..A-- Wrtaht
Corporal V.P. fiollom and Captain Monrri- *\
o^ci^y* , "".-.* sO «
Post Prandial Orators Elo
; quen tly^ Speak Words
i .-v : ''".'V \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0\Ot.Wii."V, < u-
Lot SCxlCO. on th<? southwest corn«r of Marl
po»a ami Mt»xli?Hlnj>l streets. $2500; lot 25x100.
Wiintip.tft enrn»*r of MarlpoMi and Texan street*.
JIM 0; lot 91:8x1(0. east t-l<1» of Kansas street,
north of Birtte, JlWo: lot 25x100, with Improve
ntrntj'cnni'lstlnK of flveiroom cottage, on west
sld* of Indiana, nrwt. north of Sierra.' with
Improvements ronslKtlnR of one building of two
flm* and one flve-room cottage. )8200; lot 50x100.
southwest corner of Klichtecnth and Minnesota
streets, with revernl cottage*, for J>i40"; lot Wx
li ". fimt slile of Minnesota street, south of
Twenty-»*contl. for *165O:. lot IS*so, with lm
piuv^nients. on $ie wvst side of Church street,
south of Twentx-slxth. (1(00; lot 23x100:3, west
\u25a0l<le of Tiiat uvrniK*. north of Fourteenth
Btreet. tI2f»">: lot 25x». iu>uthwest corner of
Twenty-elxtli and Harrlnon strees. 11060; two
flat*, with lot 25x115. west »ld» of Capp street.
*ou\h of- Twenty-nfth. IMCO: lot 30x129. -a.nl
side of Kalr Oak* utreft. south of Twenty-third,
with Improvement* „ eonalatlna; of two fiats,
$3100; lot :Sx9$, north side of Folsom street. CaJit
of Fourteenth. $1900: lot SxlSS. with Improve
ment*, went aUle of Castro street, south of
Twentieth. H0OO; lot U:3xi;n. ,with Improve
menm, on the north side of Eddy street, east
of Kuchnruin. 1*000: t«-o lots. ZixVA and 3x125.
on the south »Me oT Waller street, east of Shra
iii-r. SUOO each ; lot 35xi2C east side of Pierce
atr*et, north of Hal(ht.>t31(iO:.lotisotttheaat cor
ner Waller and fierce streets, XixlO6:3, 14500;
Ptanyan jftreft. n#ar Krrdcrlck. 25x106:3, 12250:
went ride of Ninth avenue, between H and I
streets, lot 2Sxl20. with two-story residence.
$33.V); lot UxlOO. north side of I street, west of
Nineteenth avenue, 1700: lot 25x110. west line, of
Ninth avenue, south of It street. }X000; lot SOx
120. »ai>t aide of Nineteenth avenue, south of H
street. 12000: lot 15x120. east aide of Twentieth
avenue, south of H street. SSOO; lot 25x130. east
side of Twelfth avenue, south of II street. SSOQ;
lot SOxlOfl. west side of Nineteenth avenue, north
of I street, ! tlWt; new house on east aide of
Elshteenth avenue, between H and I streets,
lot 23x120. F. B. Southworth to William Mur
ray, for fC00; new house, south line of H street
»5 feet east of Twelfth avenue. 25x100. fronting
Golden Gate Park, E. C. Hallett to Dr. A. 8.
D. Young. 13750.
Lyon & Hoap have made the following
sales:
Ix>t 31:6x100. on the, southeast corner of
Clement street and Twenty-sixth avenue, to
A. H. Kllnt forllOOO; lot ;3x?J. on the west
Hovee. Toy & Sonntag report the sale
ot u v/atcr lot on the north line of How
unl street, 41:10 feet west from Stcuart
stirct. tor tXiKXi.
Hecent sale* nre reported by Baldwin
& Howcll ns follows: . '
The owners of eligible renting properties
cbntinue- to find the conditions favorable to
them. Favored parties are making 12 pet
cent per annum on residence properties,
so real estate brokers say. The Bupply
is not equal to the demand and the Indi
cations are that the result will be the ex
tension of building activity to the Rich
mond, and Sunset districts largely and to
other sections where there is a large area
to t be built upon that Is not far distant
from the business center of the city. The
samo demand for. residence properties is
noted in other communities around the
bay. Berkeley, . Oakland and ' Alameda
aro increasing their population rapidly.
The University City is making a marked
advance, something quite unprecedented
in Its history. Houses are rented before
they are completed.
While San Kranclsco residence proper
tics are doing well the business sites are
attracting attention and shrewd Invest
ors are getting in before the prices are
further advanced. The purchase of the
property on the isouth une of.Geary street,
liCVs l'et't west from Stockton, by M. H. de
Young has been reported. Upon this site
a new business block will be completed in
eight months. The area of the building
will be 55x120 feet, a The structure will be
of brick, the street wall being of terra
cotta. with two shades of cream. The
height will be seven stories with base
men:. The property is under lease for ten
years. Clinton Day is the architect. The
Ksset) Is William F. Cordes.
Charles Carpy has bought the property
adjoining the De Young purchase on
Geary Btreet from A. Aronson. Upon this
a fine business block will be erected by
Mr. Carpy. • i
Hcrtha A. Hrhlow has transferred to the
Pehlow Mstati- Company the properties at
.tho west corner of Howard and Second
stteets. also at the east corner of Second
a!i«l Natoma streets and on the southeast
Una of Mission street, C09 feet southwest
frcm Fourth*.
Two Business Blocks Planned
to Front Union
Square. "
Demand Exceeds Supply
; v ;and Insures Good
Returns. -
Aihirican;- British < Rifles
: Feast GaHfbrnia
SIT HT BANQUET
IN KHAKI SUITS
RENTED HOUSES
REWARD OWNERS
Supervisor Tobih flakes a Speech andt flany^ Pretty
ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL BAZAAR
OPENS AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
THE; SAN FRANCISCO jCAlL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER SO, 190,1.
28
[^^••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••^^
iiULL iu ' .v- jEwvv. JHik i
'\u25a0\u25a0 llir A 1/ MIT All ffimwlf \^^ I Wml §
! WtAlv nlLli'^Sf xJHk 1
! ' SEND FOR IT TO-DAY. (1 / »1 fiMSBr?A ••
1 To the man who wants to regain his youth, who wants to feel like he did when he was bud- \l ./ | 1 vHiijtv^) x *
| ding into manhooJ, I effer a book which will show him the road to happiness — a book which is brim- 71/ jl I VV^jl]|)Ti \ $
» ful of the tlvngs he likes to reaJ, which will give him courage and enlighten him as to the cause and 1 1 I \ •
| cure of his troubles. It will point out \\)c pitfalls, and guid? him safely to a future of 'strength and || \ I^MK^JBfcK \2
> manhood. It is beautifully illustrated. It- tells what other men have suffered, and how they have I y| \ V\^e^V mW?/ / /•
j cured themselves. It is free. 1 will send it, closely sealed, without marks, if you will send this ad. I i ] \\ X VQK. J S8fiy ' /•
\u25ba If you are not the man you ought to be send for it to-day. " • - fill '\\w^fgjST / •
! Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt W§k\
! Builds up broken-down men, restores youth and Wjr-fflmWlt'
; manhood and makes men look and feel young. N It will fe 8
j cure every case of Rheumatism, Nervous Debility, Weak %^^'J(\mk I
\ Stomach, Kidney and Liver Troubles, Lame Back, Scia- 1^ $jlfy!l}\ •
| tica, Varicocele, Loss of Power and every evidence of i^^wil ftra\ •
! weakness in men and \yomen. It will not fail; it cannot u'lli^KiA 2
| fail, as it infuses in the weakened parts theforce of life ,Jy^ I I ¥nR\ |
landsttength.il \u25a0 •\u25a0 '""W.I \~ |
I Put it on when you retire; you get up in the morninjt refreshed and vigorous, with courage iu your heart and a clear head full of ambition for 2
i. your daily .work.- , -, \u25a0\u25a0-,\u25a0" \u25a0.'.;. . : . ., ;'... ' , . . • ; ' • '/\u25a0.;\u25a0 '\ ''".\u25a0-\u25a0 " '' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"/. ' \u25a0 2
i I have sold electric belts for twenty years and have kept pace with the, times in making improvements. -The Belt I offer you to-day is recently 2
• , patented and is a grand one. No burning,.no blistering current, a fine regulator and cushion electrodes, a current that feels like glowing warmth all over 1 1
1 your body. There is a free electric suspensory with each Belt. It is nice to wear and quick* to cure. If you have another kind that does not satisfv. •
| ; youlwiirtake it in trade.* ',./-.. , ' - «. \u25a0' ' :. \ v .*"* iy *
i *' ' It^is curing your neighbors. Don't you think you ought to give it a trial? Saves doctor bills. * ; ' • " ' J
I '\u25a0' Pr*»i» T#»ct 'Any man who will call at niy.bffice may test my Belt ' © r Wi^u«hiin ; b#?r i^. tY t!«X» * »^\ * $
•;:/'? '\u25a0 ??J i™ «"d satisfy himself of its great power to cure. I .t^&f^^ST^^ 1^^^^^^}^^^ 2
i ,' offer; free consultation and advice and my book to every one.. CalP to- , M^ >» much better.^ si^p soundly and uS FefSshed in th« mSrSffi. My S
I r : day;, tomorrow you may not be well enough, v - ;- • \u25a0 %™H^«ff &SAtT-^erV^uiy"^^.""- * — h Tc a \u25a0 icmSSSr*"*' •
"V-^; "',.'!'.;• ' , . • Care Gladstone Mine. \u25a0.-,./ \u25a0 V . i French Gulch -cil '•
•.|\n - nm \u25a0 r* H/I > A lT^*rw» wm. T ww^ C^F w!?.*^!" ? lr: A "«fj>««n«tn>ubled for more than ayfaVwlthlaWt
I llJ A/l. C 7 , A/I/^I A I Til HI II\I nSw k wnr d ic V « h«^ a -?*T M . T * m c , l i re w d ', nf tnr WMr| w i' olir b<>lt «« month. I can- •
1 " ; -mJM- a\m XTEi W/ # vlTlCL4/\U \J 1 1 JsLtfll^l. work as hard as^I ever could before my trouble commenced. Yours very trulyT •
!\u25a0; - V ..:,/': ' .-.•,.* ••\u25a0,.. ..;\u25a0:..•: . ; \u25a0,..
!' 702 Market st.;' cor, Kearny and Geary.San Francisco: :^
I ,' k 8 a.m: to 8:30 p.'m. r ; Sundays 16 to I. •\u25a0 ..., . : , ; , - - 1 ??*? 1464 .^^ 0 "*. veraI »' "»y friends who are afflicted as I was. aaii < '
1.: .••NEVERvSOLP BY AGENTS OR. DRUGSTORES^ yj |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-STRAIGHT FRONTS.
The new corset shapes, fitting into the figure, creating beautiful
lines and curves, are the correct thing. No house can show you as
many styles at popular prices. Our one dollar grades range with the one
twenty-five and one fifty of other houses.
SILK AND WOOL WAISTS.
/- We know that we have not told you enough about our waist line, but
seeing is believing, and all we ask you is to look at our styles and
prices, '. \u25a0 , . \u25a0 . • - . .
»» c *r r i£i 1c w&
1 Monday /^k
hSr^ll'J ' Ladi . cs> Taffet ? Silk Waist - ( < Wtw
J /raSfesay made in the latest style but- xSJmvV
/-/ MTOf ton down the back, tucked /^AjVfM
V\JftWvll\ and fancy hemstitched yoke. \Y.U{ W
\NK/flwM \ tucked back, all popular y/jfi
Special $4,50 Each. %r$T
'\u25a0' O«n«« f ' ieilT Ladies' Mercerized Sateen
f^Sr^JroR W^" black only looks
American flsure of just like silk, tucked and fmo white English
fine white English hemstitched back, front and cputll and black
. r>ntitll anA Mark i Italian, boned with
It°ai"n. boned b i a i°th s l eevCS ' genuine whalebone.
0£jz$%i Special $L85 Each. K^-"««S»
0'1.OO per pair.
«1 r»O each— LADIES' AL.I*-"WOOL. "WAIST, with fancy braided trimmed
front, made in the latest style, long straight front effect, all colors.
82 OO each— LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAIST, button down back, with military
braided trimmed front, collar and cuffs, all colors.
82 OO each— LADIES' ALL WOOL. WAIST, all tucked back and front, has
the long
Crescent Corset Co.,
742-744 MARKET ST., I «ucc«*o«. to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL
.^ " " ' ; — — *
\u25a0\u25a0p^p^p^p^pjpjia^pjpjMtt^m^MH^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I Box Mattress on legs, covered with XX
a ticking and having 18 steel
I tempered springs.
I Single, $2.65 I width, $3 65
I We furnish homes, flats, hotels and rooming-houses complete. ' We';
I have ali the latest designs in furniture, carpets, curtains \u25a0 arid dra-
\u25a0 pcries, and will gladly (five 'you an estimate. *
a Credit if you wish it, and free delivery in Oak- -
. mBk land. Alamcda and. Berkeley. We close at 6.
Wf^Z except on Saturday. .*• '\u25a0.
L Brilliant
lllffl^%^ FURNITURE CO. A
jM)|n|JSn . 338-342 P08T fiTRBET,Fortune may knock once at every man's
door, but misfortune crawls In at the win
dow. . .. \u25a0:
Armitnge subecqucntly made a remark
able confession, which set the police scur
rying after four supposed accomplices,
who, as alleged, had in turn robbed th«
tm-Fserfgcr of practically all the money
he had stolen. Armltage said that he had
met a woman whom he knew only as
Marie at a roadhouse which they both
frequented. She was a friend of the piano
player In the resort, of the wife of th«
piano player and of a violinist, who also
furnished mualc In the place, and Arml
tage.- introduced to the party by Marie,
beeamo friendly to all during a month's
intimacy. • . .
Armltaue said that after he stole the
money he got drunk and whs unable to
return. the check*. Marie and the wife of
the piano player agreed to do It for him
and. taking the bank wallet to Brooklyn,
hired a negro woman to return it to the
bank. Armltare sale] that as the woman
left him Marie *UKKcst<>d that she had
better take charge of the stolen money
for safety. Armltage said he gave up the
money and the woman never came back.
It I* believed that the police have the
names of the entire party and will arrest
four.
NEW YORK, Oct. ID.— George Armltage,
the missing messenger of the Bank of
New Amsterdam, walked into the tender
loin police station to-day and gave him
eelf up. The dctectlvca tried to get him
to make a statement, but he declined to
discuss the case.
Armltage only had $31 V) on him when
arrented. After he disappeared drafts und
collection* repre*entlng many thousands
of dollars w**re returned to the bank by
a eolorfd woman, who has not yet been
found by the police. Thin .incident gave
rid* to a theory of foul play, which Hi-j
police discredited. Armltage's accounts,
according to the hank,, officials, show a
shortage of %:;.«*>. of which sum 90000 In
•covered by a bond.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 19,-The city
to-day gave Itself over to the proud uni
versity which to-morrow will begin the
celebration of Its two hundredth anniver
sary. The streets everywhere are flying
the blue of Yale, Intermingled with fes
toons of evergreen, and in the center of
the city scarcely a building is to be seen
which Is not decorated. Many dlstln-
Kuishcd gueslfl have arrived and every In
coming train bears Its quota of returning
graduate* nml other visitors.
Tho celebration proper opens to-morrow
with exercise*, religious and musical. On
Monday there will come dedications of
memorial*, addresses on law and medi
cine and the pronouncement of welcome
by President Hadley. Monday night tho
jjpectacular procession will take place.
Tuesday morning will be devoted to ad
dresses; Tuesday afternoon the univer
sity football and the presentation of Pro
feisor Parker's oratorio. "Hora Novls
\u25a0Ima.' 1 conducted by. the author,- and a
Concert by the Boston Symphony orches
tra. Tuesday evening the college campus
will be illumlnntcd by 8000 electric Hrfit.
and the students will present an Eliza
bethan drama. The day's festivities will
conclude with Jhe singing of rile iff"
old and new, _bv graduates and students,
3000 voices, led, by a band of huge propoN
tlons. . / ;
Wednesday, commemoration day,', will
STOLEN MONEY
STOLEN AGAIN
A musicale was given by the pupils of
Miss Daisy Jacoby at her home. 065 East
Eighteenth street. Friday evening. The
programme conj-lst^d of duets by Claire
Dalzlel and Hilda Hoffman: violin solo, by
Katie Broderick. accompanied by Miss
Nellie Broderick; piano solos, Mazie
Nicholl and Hilda Hoffman; violin and
piano ducts, by Katie Broderick. accom
panied by Claire Dalzlel. After the must
cale games were played for prises. Re
freshments were served in the dining
room, which r.-as profusely decorated
with flowers and smilax. Only the par^*t»
and friends of pupils were Invited.- This
is the fourth annual mustcale and party
given by Miss Jacoby to her pupils.
On Monday evening last Major Robert
Graham, a popular membf r of. the Grand
Army of the Republic, entertained a num
ber of Ills' comrades at a banquet In a
downtown rotl«serie. the occasion being
his sixtieth birthday and also his return
from Nome after a successful "cam
paign." Those at the festal board were:
Major Robert Graham. Patrick O'Con
nor, James Miller. Edward de Vecchl.
Cornelius Bresnan. Henry Nleoll. Charles
Engflke. W. Ii. Griffith. M. F. Dunleavy,
Michael Murphy and M. Foloy.
On Thursday evening, the 10th inst., the
Oriental Swimming Club gavo It* swim
ming party at Sutro Baths. A pleasant
evening was enjoy<fl by ail. especially by
the young la<li>-.«. who are becoming ex
pert swimmers. Those present wore: Mrs.
J. H. Fletoher. Mrs. F. Thomas. Mrs.
Raleigh. Mr. «nd Mrs. N. M. Holt. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Thomas, Mr. .and Mn 1 . R.
Fletcher. Mr. and Mrs. Martin. Mr. Ham
ilton, Miss E. Moore, G. T. Fletcher 8r.,
Magnolia Hall was the scene last Friday
night of one of the prettiest parties of
the early reason. The young ladles In at
tendance at that seminary were tendered
a dancing party by Miss Euphenia Forbes
and Miss Edmondson. Ferns, flowers and
Chinese lanterns were the decorations,
which converted the study hall Into a ver
itable fairyland. Dancing was the prin
cipal enjoyment of the evening. During
intermissions a musical programme was
rendered. Among those present were Mis*
Elizabeth Blossom. Miss Clara Cusslck.
Mias Edna Dangers. Miss Ethel Dunbar
Miss Blossom. Miss Eastcrbe'.le Brown.
Mi«s Ruth Gedney. Miss Anita Goodman,
Miss Flo Grant. Miss Holden. Miss Daisy
Llncoln. Miss Jean Mclntosh, Mt>s Kate
Morris, Miss Evllr.da Nowell, Miss Mae
Paris. Miss Harriet Rayman. Mi&s Eva
Rountree. Mrs. Chester Smith. Dr. Alder
son. Allen L. Atwell. Percy Gedney. Nat
Glltnan. Scott Hendricks. H. Herzer. Dr.
Hopkins. H. Mitchell. Andrew Mulr.
George Rountree. Chester Smith, Donald
Spencer. Milton Strausbury and Harold
Wright.
Club Parties.
Home Gatherings.
Miss Bemice Philipps entertained sev
eral of !ier friends at an "at home" on
Saturday evening. October 12. at her home
on Sutter street, prior to her departure
for the south. The v hostess was assisted
in receiving her guests by Miss Bessie
Barren. Those present were Mrs. Joseph
Phfllppe, the Misses Bemice Philipps. Bes
sie Barren. Carrie Wolff. Birdie Appleton.
Anna Mayer. Haxtle Wolff. Lou Stappen
r>ack. Aiice Resenthal of San Diego. Alice
Jacobs. Mrs. H. Norden. Messrs. George
PhiMpps. A. C Cohn of Los Anceles. Tom
J. Mullin. Will Davis. Jack M. Yale. Louis
VALE PREPARES
FOR REJOICING
Mr. and Mrs. Fred D. Marsh arrived
Sunday morning. October 13. via the Cmi
adlan Pacific, after an extended visit
through all the Eastern and Western
States. They were the guests of Jam»»
W. Burnham and wife in Alameda for
several day*, but arc now at their resi
dence. 1S71 Pag* street, where they will be
pleased to nee their friends.
Mr. and Mn. Henry Brunc have re
turned from their European tour.
George G. Brooks and daughter. Mlas
Maud, of Colusa leave for New York on
October 21.
Mrs. Bimon Blach will shortly leave for
her home in Nashville. T«nn. ' /
Mr. and Mr*. Hugo Mansfeldt are at
present In Dresden. th»- guesla of Royal
Court Pianist Herr Emll Sauer and Mrs.
Hauer. The Austrian Government lias
jui«t conferred upon Mr. Sativr the direc
torship of the Vienna Conservatory of
Music.
Mrs. Meynell. nn English nuthorefs of
noic. and Miss Agnes Tob'n of San Frun
clsio arc thoroughly rnjoylng their visit
to the Yosomlte Valley.
Mr. and Mth. Charles M. Hays and tho
Misses Ilayn Intend remaining In the Yo
semlte for the next two weeks.
Mrs. F. E. Baume (nee I^avy) of Auck
land. N. 7... Accompanied by Miss Leavy.
Is visiting this city and is at present with
h<r mother. Mrs. Charles M. Leavy, at
2727 Puclfic avtnue.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic W. Lees are at
Rio Dell. Humboldt County. They are en
joying the fishing at Davis*.
Mrs. Ernest A. Leigh and Miss Mar
guerite Emerson have returned from Vic
toria. B. C.
Mr. and Mm. Ellas Levy announce the
barmltzvah of their son Bernard at the
Oeary-street Temple October 26. At home
Saturday and Sunday, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hyams have moved to
21C3 Railroad avenue. Alameda.
Mr. and Mr». James C. H. Ferguson
will leave for; an extended Kastrrn trip
the end of October.
Mr. and Mn. Emllio Wlallach have
moved to their new home, 508 Clayton
street. At home the first Tuesdays.
Mrs. John H. Haring of Patereon. N.
J., Is visiting her uncle. Captain I. W.
Lees.
Mrs. J. H. Pryor of Eausallto has gone
to spend a part of the winter with rela
tives on the old homestead In Rhode Isl
and.
H. A. Demlng and Miss Helen Doming
have gone to Southern California, where
they will spend the winter.
Monsieur and Madame Ad. Ix>cher will
bo pleased to sec their friends at their
new home. 2633 Pine street, the flrnt Sun
da'.' of every month.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Rosenthal will be at
hom« the lust Sunday In this month at 132
Albion ax'emie. off Sixteenth street.
Miss Frieda StaDff is In the Santa Cruz
Mountains for her health. Dr. F. W.
Stapff spent a few days with her.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick- P. McLean are
st< liptng at the Hotel St. Nicholas.
Mrs. John Moirlsey left the city last
Tbursday morning for a three weeks* to
jcurn at Paso Rob'es. Mr. Morrtsey. tne
manager of the Orpheum. will join Mrs.
Morrlsey week after next.
Mrs. Otto Ohrtland and her two chll
drei left the city on Wednesday last for
a trip through Southern California.
Madame Ida de Seminarlo and sons, who
in May last went to Guayaquil. Ecuador,
on a visit, returned by the steamer Sesos
trip thi* week.
Personals.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Emll Alkus announce their
twenty-fifth anniversary and will be
pleased to receive their friends from 2 to
5 Sunday. October 27. at their residence,
112$ Buchanan street.
The members of the Deutscher Club will
give their opening party Monday evening,
October 28. .at Golden Gate Hall.
The twenty-seventh anniversary hall of
the Norddeutschcr V«re!n will be held aj.
Saratoga Hall Saturday evening, Novem
ber 2. >
ter.
A grand benefit will be given at the Al
hambra Theater on the evening of Octo
ber 31, the proceeds of which will be do
nated.
Invitations have been issued for the
twenty-first grand annual ball of the
First Hungarian Mutual Aid Society of
the Pacific Coast., to be held Sunday even-
Ing. November 10, at Union Square Hall.
The commltteo in charge ts composed of
the following gentlemen: S. Hoffman. 8.
Szc&edy. I. Fried. William Rosenberg. I.
H. Horn. H. Grass, A. Erdely and L. Gut-
In the Future.
August Andre of, 326 Hill street, an em
ploye of S. N. Wood & Co.. was married
oa Wednesday evening to Miss Amy
"U"hee!er of New Orleans. The ceremony
'ook p!a^e at St. Joseph's Church, Rev.
Father Scar-Ian officiating. After tt*e cere
mony a supper was served at the future
residence of the couple, 1717 Turk street.
Wedding Bells.
is \u25a0 fctrictly closed organiza
tion; of fllty couples. Several new and
pretty figures will be danced at the open
;ns reception. No spectators except chap
*rcr.i? will be admitted to the receptions.
That worthy and important institution.
the tan Francisco Training School and
Nurses" Home, at the City and County
Hospital, is to have a grand vaudeville
benefit at th« Alhamora Theater on the
arterroon of Thursday. October SI. Fol
lowing 1? a list of the patronesses of the
affair: Mrs Willard B. Harrington. Mrs.
John F. Merrill. Mrs. M. H. de Young.
Mrs. Lovell Wfctte. Mrs. George E. Bates.
Mrs. Henry Pjyol. Mrs. W. D. McCar
thy. Mrs leidor lx»wcnbcrg. Mrs. F. G.
tanborn. Mrs. JLucius L. Long. Mrs Vr
thur Cornwall. Mrs. Janus F. Smith.
Mrs. Martin Kejcrsburgta-. Mrs. Redmond
Tame Mrs A. b. Cosugan. Mrs. J. Wll
soa SaeOs, Mrs. James P. Crawford. Mrs.
t H *•«*£, Mrs. R, H. Warned. Mrs.
hi R - " ai } { i>. >Irs. J. J. Scoville. Mrs.
EAw. XavSer Kclker, Mrs. E. P. Schell.
M rs - & O B«1»n. Mrs. V. P. Buckley.
;4 rs u w p BucKinsham, Mrs. C. Mason
Kinne. Mrs G<-rala J. Fitrgibbon and
M»£. Selden S. U'ri c ht.
The concert given by the Auxiliary to
tne Infants shelter was a great success.
TJM following srtists volunteered: Knick
erbocker Ouart;t. Mvs. J. E. Birmingham.
Mm SOOtm Flynn. Mits Grace Freeman
and Miss Elsit Tooker. In light, attrac
tive gowns the (ollowing young ladies
acred as ushers: Miss Daisy" Burns. Miss
L. Hepner. Miss F. Duggan. Miss S. Mc-
Nab. Miss L Le\->-, Miss E. Bender and
Miss L. Wenz^tburgrer. They were assist
«^i jby Mr Ideoa, Mr. Gllman. Mr. Berry
ana Mr. Kare. After the concert George
liichardson auctioned six pretty posters.
Mrs. W. H. Davenport entertained the
rollowmg youns ladies with a box party
at the Columbia yesterday afternoon:
Miss Crellin. Me Misses Converse, the
Misses Moore. Miss Louelia Williams and
Miss Davenport.
Mrs. E. R. Ellis of 271« Sacramento
etreet gave a. reception last Wednesday
in honor of the Ripht Rev. Edmund G.
Weed, Bishop of Albany, and his wife,
who have be?n her guests during the
Episcopal convention. Among those pres
ent were the Bishop of Indiana and wife.
Bishop of Prttsburg. Bishop of Delaware.
Bishop cf Georgia. Bishop of Tennessee
and wife. Bishop of Michigan and wife.
Rev. Dr. Winchester and wife. Rev. Dr.
Carter. Rev. .Dr. Albar.v Knight. Rev. Dr.
F. F. Reed. Major G. R. Fairbanks and
Hev. and Mrs. Mardon Wilson.
j_^ .^HE members of the Entre Nous
Cotillon Club trill open their
fi \ lweJfth season with an assem-
IV \, bly and perman on Friday
\>-^7 evening. October 3. at the Pal
ace Hotel. The club, as usual.
A delightful surprise party was given
last Wednesday evening to Miss Julia
Howard by Miss Lottie Crossley and Miss
\5abel Castillo. The evening was spent
in_ singing and dancing and games. At
niidnight a delightful supper was served.
These present were: Julia Howard, Lot
tie Crossley. Mabel Castillo. Fronie Hull.
Pearl Castillo. Lucy Johnson. Lizzie
Cram. Francis Crossley. Nettie Kelly.
Emallta Howard. Ethel Crossley, Leo
Castillo. Harry Keanealy. Earl Jordan.
Ira Torrence and Walter Lane.
Mrs. J. T. Merritt and Mrs. R. S. An
thony, on Tuesday evening, October 15,
gave a reception at their home, 813 Oak
street, in honor of Commandant Snyman.
a Boer general from South Africa. Dur
ing the evening the commandant spoke
entertainingly of affairs in South Africa.
A rtne musical programme was also ren
dered. Mrs. WIsmer. Master Arthur Par
ent and Miss Sannie Kruger taking part.
Among those present were: Commandant
Snyman, Mr. and Mrs. Mlchau, Mrs. De
Witt. Professor Degenhard. Mr. and Mrs.
Stoddard. Mr. and Mrs. .Parent. Master
Arthur Parent. Miss Ethel Merritt. Hother
WIsmer. Mrs. WIsmer. M!ss Florence Mc-
Inerney. Geurge Merritt. Miss Ethel
Ste*ley. V.'. C. Crlttenden. Miss Lyle Mer
ritt. Miss Sannie Kruper. Misses Lillian
and Estelle Anthony and MU-s Hetty and
Master Paul Mlchau.
.Levy. Dd WIHlair", Bert Kahn and Will
Burke.
An enjovable : .irprlse party was ten
dered to Miss C ant McNamara at her
residence. 654 Jess;e street. Saturday even-
Ing. September 2S. Those present were
Miss Clara McNamara. Miss OllSe Oisen.
Miss Carrie Warnstrom. Miss Nellie Me
i Xamara. Miss Dora Meyers. Miss Mae
Slvertsen. Miss Lena Pfluger. Miss Mae
Meyers. Miss Alfreda Petterson. Miss Ivy
Lyons. Miss Agnes McNamara Miss Ella
Lyons. Mrs. E. McNamara. Otto Olsen,
William Bonkofsky. Harry King. Leo Me*
GauRhran. Peter Walters. Dan McNa
mara. William Doyle. James O'Brien.
Fred Moore. Manuel Avery. George Levi
son. Milton Kane. Michael McNamara.
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Forster recently
pave a party to their daughter. Ida. in
honor of her ninth birthday at her resi
dence. 3354 Tventv-pecond street, which
was participated in by her little friends
anO classmates. The time was pleasantly
spent In playing games, singing, etc., un
til dinner was announced at 4:30. Ida was
the recipient of many costly anil beautiful
presents. Mrs. Foster was ably assisted
by Mrs. J. E. Hoyle and Miss Lois A.
Tutt'.e. Among those present were Ruth
Mergulre. Lesley Mergulre. Dorothy Mer
g-uire. Winnie Hlggins. Esther Bercke.
Edith Norton. Anita Taber. Dorothy Ta
ter, Freda Miller, Adeline Stearns, Flor
ence Miller, Rufus Baker. Ernest Dunn,
Frank Forster, Maggie Munroc.
At the home of George Aietcalfe there
was a very charming afternoon "birth-,
day party" given Thursday. October 10,
in honor of the birthdays of his two
your.Rer children. Miss Eva and Master
George Metcalfe. Among the guests were
Miss Gladys Metcalfe, Miss Minnie and
t;«-oige Jackson, Misses Annie Elaine and
Alma King, Misses Bertha and Lulu
Knell, Miss Lucy Oulin. Miss Alice Hart.
Misses Janette and Gertrude Ross, Master
Floyd Ellmore. Miss Ruth and Mr. Milton
Wiren. Ray O'Connor. Messrs.. William
and Dadle Wewl. Miss Marlon Belknap,
Fred Schieppetra. Master Walter Single
ton. Miss Aiice Mehlep. Miss Ethel eZn
ger. Miss Anita Dairin. Edward Knell.
Miss Edith Aylward. Basil Brandon, Miso
Bertha Hant-y. Miss Minnie Allen. Mrs.
Gt'orge and Mrs. Clara Metcalfe. George
Metcalfe. Peter Metcalfe. ...iss Pearl Met
calfe and Miss Eva and Master George
Metcalfe.
... Relating to Society...
G. C. Berry man. Miss J. Adams. Miss M.
Nolte. Oscar Colter, Miss C. Ewlngr. Mi"s
C. Messenger. C. T. Qulrey; Miss L.
Bader.iMr. Brenner, Miss Harmon, Miss
Kochette. Mr. Steiger. Miss A. Messenger.
Mr. Cosby, Miss L*>ng. Miss Gray.' Fred
Blakesly. G. T. Fletcher Jr.. Miss M.
RaleiRh. Mr. Pollcur. Miss A. Cardoza.
Qms Lorchetter, MIfs E. Fletoher, H. A.
Moening. Miss M. Thomas. Mr. Pcarce,
Miss L.. Raleigrh and Mr. Rose.N
Thft members of the Golden Gate 'Whist
Club, of which Mrs. Llnd Fosen of Oak
land Is oresldcnt and Mrs. H. Bloom of
this city Is secretary, held their meeting
last Friday at the residence of Mrs. N.
Or.hn, 1019 Fillmore street. The prize-win
ners were airs. William Conn, Mrs. G.
Cofey and Mrs. Rothholz. ,
The Intermediate Friday Fortnightly
Dnnclng Club gave their first masquerade
party of the season on Friday evening.
October 18, at Cotillion Hall on Polk
street. The gathering" was large and
many characters were represented. A
clever march was executed under the di
rection of Professor Farrell. Masks were
removed at 10 and a general Jollincatlon
followed, after which refreshments were
served. The patronesses were Mrs. J. F.
F>nk. Mrs. C. A. Murdock and Mrs. S. A.
McDonnell.
The Michigan Club was delightfully en
tertained on Tuesday evening by their
president. Major General Shafter, at his
residence. 1920 Jackson street. Thos»
present were: Professor and Mrs. E.
Brook*. Mrs. K. U. Byrne. MIks Camille
Byrne, Mr. and Mrs. Cummtngs, Miss
Oleone Cummtngs. Mrs. Mugan. Mrs. M.
Ellsworth. Mr. Firleld, Miss Flfield. Mr.
Flynn, Captain and Mrs. W. .H. McKlt
trick. Miss Worth. Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Neison, Mr.* and Mrs. Martin, Mr. Sharp
stefn. Dr. Fra.ser, Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Wllleox, M!ss Edna Wlllcox, Miss Mabel
Willcox and Miss Odell.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' In Brittany and the lower Pyrenees
fain are held annually at which th« peas
ant girls assemble to -: sail their hair.
Parisian dealers are the chief customers,
purchasing* many thousand pounds.' v
afford the Illustrious (features of the bi
centennial. President Roosevelt will bo
pretient to don |ow» and. hood of doctor
of laws. The Staora Governor will be
pretient and honorary degrees to the
number of sixty wlll.be conferred upon
men ' of letters , an* ... science * • of Interna
tional reputation* • \u25a0 '\u25a0•\u25a0. < « \u25a0
.; A musical programme; the dedication of
new buildings , and the farewell reception
by Mr. and Mn. Hadley will conclude the
\u25a0caaon of Tal*'« greatest celebration.
VICTORIA. B. C.\ .Oct. 19.— It '\u25a0 la an
nounced that the Victoria Terminal Rail
way- and, Ferry Company, which was of
fered a bonus by the city . to butld a line
of* railway r. from terminus of '-, tho
Great Northern.' at -:<\u25a0 Liverpool, oa the
Fraser River, to \u25a0 th* I mouth . of the river,
and . brlnf freight , and , p&ateng er cars
Extension of Victoria Railway.
across the Gulf of Georgia on a, modern
ferry to the northern terminus of the'Vic
toria and Sydney Railway and thence 'to
Victoria over that line, has purchased the
Victoria and Sydney, line and will com
mence • Immediately to • extend It Into ' the
center of the city, the city having granted
the use of the Market building tot ter
minal purpose*. ,^?A,v?iif ?§4is«^ayfy^!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
29
wnBui Fttmrni
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0Blii permanently removed by.Dlt
BlrUjS'ii'l MRH. A. W. TRAVERSE,
\u25a0PAVRCnnohaa building, 1170 Market at.,
\u25a0KJ9^ B VZm"'lth th. .l<>ctrlc n««dl«, without
Ik3w '^jT P« I" or acar. Flrat alttinx frta.
\u25a0\u25a0aCW^Houri. 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
HB Toilet Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth
r~ir •Mfowdera, 26c. .All druw-lata.
M^BBM|Mir.arira atock alwavn at 3. B. Totta
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0iDruf Co. . . .- ...
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
M1SCELLANX0U5.
1 Ladies' I
jj Faces |
| Made j
| SeautifuA
i i
> I to*ftr»«!y trairaste* that all wrinkles, Sfe;
~ m Z -r.-^h patches, freckles and all tacul tlece- 7S*
£ isb?s will be removed by ity p*rscral office 3|
<treat=eat. " Zt
bivi 0$§3&ffa> 2^
'X Oercita'.ogicil la- T^ \>
>«Ctste— tbeiarrest W^"t7 E
."; \m* aaest*4 to the *V M^ r V "•
r- ryti result* that >£% V- -^.- 5
> its co=e ta her jS&Lr >~ Vfc^lL t
>froa ay effora "s/irfvk 9-
;-aziskL\L Ejtcy C^lJIUI ?
face Is tfce -,r *
3 best cndorMtoect of my oetboOs. I pos- <
|S tertly g-ztrxr.tte yoa itsf al frcstisess restored jp
§ t> l3p»v«fisbeJ skis and faded coRpleztons £
\u25a0~*Zl Court the fullest tcv* sti£atico of what I *
|LBU BOITEZ CBEIE SfSi*!
2 «se bcJilv. a skin restorative asd preserver S ;
> cf beaa^y.of kaown valde. S*
14-01! HUB BE8T0BEB S-.tual
5 restsrer, yniraaleefl to restore the coloring 3jj
•S plzxent to ;:s o"if)n*l coedttioB. thos repro- 5;
Siacinethe nataraJ color of tbe hair. S
JSUPEBFLUOOSBAIB f£~T% £ |
"•". or.iy tseass ever discovered— the Electric 5
•5 Neeiie as operated by Mrs. Harrlsoc. J
i LOU MOITEZ to toate out of towc I
1 »Dmr rurr ta&og ««>« «4 with io §\u25a0
fCBEMEFBEE
f Mostes Creae and Face Powder, Free. Jfc
IVtsS my PaHots *nd see <wfux may j )
be done for yoa* \ j
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON j!
.- Dermiislogist Z [
I 78-80 Geary Street.
ONEFACE^
-«—->. Is all you have and you can-
Gjlr^rttA not afford to let Incompetent
VW/^VJEJ and Inexprrl^ncfcd dermatol-
*>* °3i»t-* experiment upon It.
C2.»-v _^ The \xtnl In always »:heapt?i't
*' In the end, and bungling
treatment In d*»ar at any
price. By a simple. \iA\n\fn% operation
»ur tturgcon. epecJally trained for uucli
*-ork. corr*-ct« an lu-«hapAd rose, »;arii,
mouth, double chin, flabby throat, droop-
ijc mouth, t-*zv,y cYituikr., without acar,
»nd r^rmanontly ranown wrinkltn. freek-
\u25a0ttM. Urnt por«!H. M&'.-kri'-a'ls. vrartn. moles,
oalr. fA none, red veins, birth, powder
ind pack marks without pain. Call or
»ddr^» N. Y. Institute of OermatoloKy,
«n rranclsco. Cal.. Columbian building.
•16 Market St. 'opposite Kmporium). Tak*»
tlcvator to fifth floor. Lady in reception
to explain mothoOR to callers.
Radwa/s
Pills
f Purely veceuble. mild and reliable. C^uaes
m«M«".t d!cf*tion. cotr.»lti» absorption and
.: faithful reculantr.
- For tbe cure at all tflsoriVra of th* Stomach.
: -U«-r. IJowcMp Kldneya. Blailder. Female It-
•«SuUritle«. Sick Headache. Iilliouanesi. Con-
rtil'O'Jan. I'llrt and all deranxmients of the
. Intrrcal Viscera. Ot a. box. At Drucriata, or
ay tzall. ilADTTAY U CO.. !4«w Torfc.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTa
I mmMlMv^^MuWSmmmm.M ttkmUjUSff-SBSlS^K/o^^^^^My^t^JW^^Mj^KEt^ II d Jt^Jrwi^^EOm I \
\u25a0 111 aHB^uSB^KsBBJaBaHB^n imJP^^K^^^i a^al 4sk V | II aP^ar^a^HaV 1 <^bW^bwi7^ f^Sttu/ft I
Bf fl I V^r \ 1 \. \ \ \\ \ I \ \v 1 I 1 1 aVl In Bfi^i B ''iSl film]
sH ll 1 * 1 \u25a0\u25a0 1 l\ 1 V \ \ * 311 HI bVbHb^bwmI l^aWir^Iirjfiillw
1\% iL \ U \ 'll u a^^vftD L^Ls^Sfll b^L^bkbIeU L^r ima^BB L^B^^BV^ai^HBS^B^BWrHS^^ '^ L*V^9^^bF^b^98vCv^1
BIB v^% \^^pj^^^ jj^^^v^^Sj^j^^ BH II mL^B^*^ .'%&%&* \u25a0^BBi^^a? mSl^^^^^^^^^^rVSBl^SM
L^L^k \\\ v Ja!B^^^^BC^5il^BHi^BP^*^9i^^B«a^Bm af\^B^L^k^LH II i^b^b^bh^bKj^bB^SHbB^^^ * ,-ar V L^LCMff^nffiB?^ t tWbtjHH5sL^^bH
sb^bi^bW \\W a^M^\ b^bV^^i^H HlfM Bl II fli^H^Ba^Bl W&&^ -*f/xfc% — I BnVAt£ «V JuBcSmHl
BE^^Eb b^bJ^^H^ C^b^bI BQhI bIbB'TSbCIbB^b^I^bI \u25a0^lBBHPa^Bi^B^ 9 '*>BT i^a^l b^b9 BW<B^a»^J^B^BsaBI '{I
HUllllB¥VV^lH^a^BVMBT^B^Bri^BB^3C W '^^^ ¥ \ f 9 § M a^Lff »aBll\BI EBj bBj^BbUBHSt^B f^,*^^^^~^^^B>)sfi*J
\u25a0 l 1 1 I a^B^B^B^BV^B^B^B^BUa^B B^BB^B^^bW.^B^| B^l B^B B^B^L^Bb^B^B^U 111 llV B^B B^B^V^B^l B^B^B^B^alB^BV^a^KB^B^B^B^B^B^BSBC^^^'^BV^'^ll'^Bi'^^^^^^*)*^^^**^* iHj J^ZJLI^^S
I yu j^H 1 1 1 nil Bfl Ifl P^^$^v/ai^!* * *\u25a0*\u25a0 * Ii i9^?^3
I^^h B^BHa^^B^B^kaH b^bBbVb^B3s^*^^b^I BbPQ^Bl^^^P*^ * fi \u25a0^\u25a0mJ^^BJ^B^Mk. 5^* *^^JJ6sT^*v
LaHailHBVLlMBikBBlbMSaVBi B^B^B«a*l^B^B^Blal^B^B^B«aBaaakaaSBBa .** '/•"^J|)t''I M I f f^^^PWfc> J
TO WOBUCn WhO Work. oin Women Cured by Mrs. Pinkham. I
*" Bb^b^bv \u25a0" Dear Mbs. Pdtkhau : — I write to thank you fl
What tragedy for the wage-earning woman is hidden 1 V>% f or the good Lydia E. Pinkluta'5 Vegetable |
beneath the words "lam not well enough to work " ! M Wf Compound and Sanative Wash have done me. 1
Evcrpr penny of her slender income is "needed for the IV^rI 4W ll is now six J ears sin ce I was taken sick. I C
necessaries of life for herself and others. Seldom, indeed, Hf <e^ \f had falling of the womb and ovarian trouble. I
is it that the girl or woman who works in a factory, or in **7 I suffered untold pains; sometimes was so bad I
some business office or store, has merely herself to support. «^L that I thought I could not live. I used the Vege- 1
t ar ll alwa i' 8 , t , here 1S » mvahd mother or 8ist€r » Perhaps table Compound steadily for some months and I
a brother OF father \u25a0 \u25a0 JMRL am now welL If you like, you may use my 1
She taxes her endurance, therefore, to the last limit be- letter for the benefit of others. "-Miss Kath p. 1
fore giving up. MISSMTICPJUNGLAs' Jcsolas, Xew SaLem, Mich. 1
f She knows her place will be filled by some one else. • hiw»kai*k,whwi»|| .
. She has no money laid up. Her wages have been in- "DkabMbs. Pctkham:— It affords me a great deal of pleasure to ex-
SUffiCient for her pressing needs, and she has spent money press my praise of your valuable Vegetable Compound. Words cacnot
On doctors* trying to keep at work and hold her place. t«ll what* your medicine did for me. It saved my life. I was so weak
with B fem^ O t^^ fcM ?or^ C y~rnrev^ /St^S
With female troubles She Come Off Second best, as 8 cription ; my physician said I could not get well without an operation,
myriads Of Women have before her. . which I refused to have. I tried all kinds of medicine, but they did me I
• What will happen, now, that she has lost her place and no £°od. a friend recommended Lydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Com-
has broken down in health ? " \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' V^ A \. \u2666i. 1 Y? lt *? d * th i^ l 8 *"*^ 6 Wash ' and . a P i now enjoying the best
rvu ~ u^^.« '*• • *. • v • i- j 11 j of health. I hope that ail suffering women will take your medicine, n —
These heart-stirring stones are being lived all around mbs. Ella Loho, jbs Peart St., Bridgetown, N. J.
us in large cities, and every one of them might have been • / . . --
a story of health and energy, if the voung woman had but n====si « deab Mbs. Pinxham :— I hare been so delighted V
written to Mrs. Pinkham when she first felt ill. She would w *V* our Ve 8"«tabi© Compound I thought I would
have been told just how to make herself well-and strong, as S B writo and thank yo u « My system was entirely run 8
many other women have, and this advice would have cost IT^^B d ? wn : l su ? ere( i with , ba « ka « he th « I
i.._ nrsihintr %f8:B of my back and coula hardly stand upright ; was R
nernotlling. ".•..; , , #v more tired in the morning than on retiring at night.
And it 18 not alone in factories and business places that *£ W I had no appetite. S Since taking Lydla B. Pinkham's
women are forced to give up on account of ill health. It is JP* E Vegetable Compound I have gained fifteen pounds,
quite as often the woman who does her own work at home. ft^# *** "™ ff»«»»? i vei 21T eek - i 1 /, appetite nas im-
This means generally, doing the work for a household of JB| S^^k^befo^Tshaii Somn^d^a^my
Seven Or eight. Impq I rMriUfl friends, as it certainly is a wonderful medicine.' —
She also compels herself to attend to the daily round of unrgrV Mb8^ k f Mobto27| go 6 Yo rk St., Cincinnati, o.
duties when she ought to be in bed, and does not know * — •\u25a0 — :
where to look for that reliable help that will put her On her " Dba * Mr ». P» wax :— I had been in poor health for twenty years,
feet and Stop tfiose awful aches and pains. having inflammation of ovaries and womb tf^ble- Although treated
rr«v «._£ u^i e ii m« Z.^»»*«. , . , by physicians, I could not seem to gain any strength, .and could not do S
The Sure help for all ailmg women, who work at home my work, and was so low spirited and tired of life. A friend advised me fl
Or elsewhere, IS Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- > to take Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. The first bottle 3
pound* Women Who have used it testify to this with one strengthened me and I^wrote you. After taking six bottles, can say that fl
voice. • I am well and can even do my washing. I cheerfully recommend your 1
ixri. -, *u- -. • j • * i a "* a *. xi. Vegetable Compound to erery one with any female weakness, and cannot I
When the periods are painful or too frequent; when the VT £L it enoughV'-MBa. m. w. Muxbb, 1033 Canal stVou^ort? SSS I
backaches and headaches drive out all ambition; when the l - " . I
heart-breaking, g dragged-down " sensation attacks you ; ft M =t1 " I >^» Mm - PnnmAM :-it is with pleasure that | S
When yOU are SO nervous that every trivial thing excites \u25a0 Jtk 1^. I add my testimony to your list, hoping it may induce jjj
you, you may be certain that there is some growing trouble A^^^^b^bW others to avail themselves of the benefit of your vai- S
fastening itself upon you. Do not let disease make head- f .^B veSSihE^mrSfS?^ »* Lyd ? Fv 1 *?!*";? I
wav WritA tn Mm Pi«U«« T ««« Mean */%» li A * #-«- 4Btflat WSF Vejetaolo Compound I felt very bad, had terrible B
Way. Write 10 Mrs. Fmkham, Lynn, MaSS., tor Her free WP^ TQf sick headaches, no appetite, gna^vfng pain in stomach, I
advice, and begin at Once the Use Of .^ -W^ r P» in m y and right side; was tired and ner- H
Ife* JI vous, and *o weak I could scarcely stand. I was not H
M \u25a0fffln JK"» #% M mm Mmtm. Ji aiaa Tmm. KT MT~ able to do anything, had sharp pains all through my kg
* -\u25a0\u25a0 m^ ',* '. • , IHIvTfMWn medicine, I found myself improving. I continued its
l#Aa»B»af%#a**aC*#^» » I Wl 1 1 ¥?! W «se unUl I had talten four bottles and felt so well that
• vogetauio uompouna. lEggajgi i^^^s^^^jx^^i^^t. '\u25a0
!\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 i#^ a#^ DETlAlADn iV O"*** to *«» !«* that «omesli:eptictJ people lhave froaitime to time questioned
HHHBHBHKHHbVbSHHHHHHbSHb^bHHMHbHHbHbVHbVB^HHH xThe Board of Public Works recommend
ed to the Board of Education yesterday
that the practice of using a hose on the
Inside of any school building be prohibit
ed. The practice. It is said, resulted In
making the Fremont School unsanitary.
Superintendent Bamett reported that re
pairs have been mnde, so that now the
building li sanitary.
Schoolhouse Hade Sanitary.
E. J. Smith, known as . "Legislature"
Smith, appeared before Judge Mogan yen
tcrday on a charge of vagTancy. He had
been arrested along with a number of
Chinatown habitues, but denied that he
was a vagrant. He said he was In China
town with a petition for signatures for
the Xon-Partlsans and showed the docu
ment in proof of his assertion. The Judge
dismissed the case, but warned him to
behave himself.
"Legislature" Smith in Trouble.
That Is decorated with pictures* framed in
our newest effects In moldings you will
be enamored of your surroundings. We
have received some new shipments of the
daintiest narrow moldings Imaginable In
bone, ebonies, gilts, light and dark oaks
and cherry, green and brown -birches,
with mat boards in every tint and color
to suit your fancy. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. I •
If You Live in a Den
The Redding Free Press says that the
Trinity Copper Company is back of an
enterprise to construct the plant of the
tyiuMa Power Company. New backers of
tne enterprise, according to the same au
thority, will also consider the construc
tion of a proposed copper belt railway.
A shipment of 100 tons of fine Iron ore
has arrived at San Diego from the Te
pustete mines in Lower California, which
was sacked and delivered free of cost to
the San Diego smelter for experimental
purposes. If the experiments result well
there will be another Industry In the
south. The San Diego Union nays that
the iron ore received runs about 69 per
cent in metal.
The Inyo Independent reports that the
transfer of the RadcUff gold mines In
Inyo County to E. C. Nichols and J. A.
Gibson et al. at a bankrupt sale for S96.S<X>
Is preliminary to the acquirement of the
mines and plant by a new company. The
Judgments against the mines amounted to
1115.000.
The Placerville Nugget says that the
destruction of the plant of the Zentgraf
mire, on the west side of El Dorado
County, by fire was complete. The hoist,
a 20-ntamp mill and several buildings
were ruined. The property had recently
been taken In hand for development after
seven months of Idleness, a new company
being tn charge.
The Redding Searchlight says that the
proposition of placing a customs smelter
in the Old Diggings district has been con
\u25a0Idered by Milton Armstrong of the Shas
ta County Smelting and Refining Com
pany and others.
A smelter will be erected at Darrlng
ton. Wash., that will cost about $1M Auo.
It will be Installed by the Paclnc Smelting
Company, which U Incorporated with a
capital stock of SKOOO.OOO.
The Eastern company constructing the
ditch to work the old Barton claim at
Buckeye Bar. Flsklyou County, so nayn
the Yreka Journal, will soon be ready to
begin operations on the claim. A twentv-
Mamp mill will b« put In Hull Gulch for
crushing quartz found In a hydraulic
claim at that point.
The Redding 8earchllght reports that
bonds have been taken on the Summit
group of copper claims In the Backbone
illxtrlct. and also on twelve claims that
ntljoln the Summit mines.
The Bully Hill nmelter Is running at the
rate of 130 tons of ore every twenly-four
hours. The amount of copper produced In
the form of pUtes or Ingotn has averaged
360 tona per month since June 1. and has
now been Increased to 400 tons per month.
State's .Wealth In Copper.
The copper bulletin which State Miner
alogist Aubury Is preparing to issue will
soon be In the hands of the printer, the
collection of data having been completed.
The work upon tho quicksilver bulletin Is
1 well advanced. The counties of Lake.
Coluxa. Napa nnd Sonoma have been In
vestigated. George A. Tweedy Is looking
over Solano County, and will go thence
to Santa Clara. San Benltp. Monterey And
8an Luis Oblsno counties* and to various
! folntn In Southern California. Tho Btnie
j Mineralogist wishes to have all discover
ies of cinnabar ledges reported to him bv
I the owners that they may be visited while
the collection of data concerning the
t imlckvllver Industry In In progress. Th*
following appointments have been made
by the State Mineralogist: J. D. Browne
of Bakersfleld. Ivan H. Parker of Culfax
and J. K. Harrington, to collect data con
cerning the mine* and oil wells of Kern.
Santa Barbara and Placer countlex, re
spectively. James M. Hyd>. a graduate
or Stanford University, has been npuolnt
eo curator of the museum connected with
tho state Mining Bureau, to succeed Mr.
Uurden. Mr. Hyde's appointment dates
frpm November 1.
' r l»« 8tato Mineralogist announces that
, will Issue a register and mineral map
0 1 • !i n Count y- A**h»tant« will bo up
pointed soon In compile registers and pre
pare maps of Lake. 8onoma and Napa
C0 VJ?."£ 8 'I Maps and registers will bo
published concerning each mineral county
in the State, and particular attention will
be paid to the oil bearing counties. The
"wildcatter" will possibly find his occu
pation lessened by this official Informa
tion, which him that purpoK* In view.
Heavy mvldends Declared. (
RcportB to the Engineering and Mining
Journal for September show that «11vl
• lendB aggregating $l«.810.«46 were dlstri
}»utcd last month by tlfty-nvo companies,
li.ciulfitfd with the mining Industry, this
living, .with one exception, the farxre«t
month of the year. Of these flfty-flve
companion thlrty-nlx were engaged -In the
mining of precious nnd . noml •precious
metals and puld $1,0*6.000, or a little more
than tf per cent of the total. The other
nineteen Included Iron nnd steel, coat and
coke, petroleum, natural gas and ohuml
»£U nf ' ;r .*"" t ". whleh paid altogether I1B.
204.64o. In addition to the United States
companies reporting dividends In Septem
ber there were seven silver, lead and cop
per properties In v Mexico that paid divi
dends. \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0
i..m a « ul lnn c ?L' «ells the people of.Moke
lumnc Hill that he hnn found a new
channel of auriferous gravel about two
miles from Mokolumno III11. A shaft has
been sunk nine feet. The country around
•was worked In former times, but L.an
coll seem* to havo discovered a blind
channel. \u25a0 \u25a0 .. \u25a0 \u25a0 • t .
'Practically oil the mills In Tuolum'ne
County relying; upon water or electricity
for power have' been* cloned. The wator
supply held out unusually late this *eu
non, owing to the Improved condition and
Increased capacity of reservoirs. "A fur
ther Improvement,", aaya the Union Dem
ocrat, will keep our. otamps hammering
The Calavera s Citizen reports that the
Lone Star mine the property of the Par
rington Gold Mining Company, > haa j been
shut down. The dam 'of the Melonea
company at Robinson's Ferry has been
completed. Six hours after the. cloning
or t he floodgates the * water • was I running
over u the crest. Work will begin at once
pn the flumes to lead the water to the
large mill < that Is almost completed. \u25a0•: The
Pyne Smelting Works at \u25a0 West Alameda
are bringing from. Calaveras County the
material of the dump ft the old .Keystone
smelter at i CopperopolTs, which > is , report,
ed to contain a good percentage of cop
per. , - 1; r,f,.,':y \u25a0-;\u25a0\u25a0 -i.'-v ",V:-' ; "1= \u25a0'.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -,'\u25a0• '""\u25a0 \u25a0*"\u25a0 '•'
'The Interest of the week Is largely cen :
tered In the proceedings of the State con
vention of the California Miners' Associa
tion. The dm meeting will be held Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock In Golden Gate
Hall. There will be forenotm. and after
noon sessions an Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday, but no evening sessions. The
County Miners' Association and other or-
Konlzcd bodies have named their delegates
and the lists Include many men who are
prominent In mining In all the well-ex
plotted mineral sections of California. A
general outline of the work to be taken
up has been already published. The con
vention promises to be Interesting 3 for
miners and the general public. .
The California Miners' Association has
evidently gained strength In the last year.
In electing delegates troin Shasta County,
which will yenu down to dan Kranciuco
1W representatives of the copper btrit uud
other mineralized section* ot the north,
the intention was announced of having a
Northern California' Miners' Association
as a permanent Institution, formed on the
lines of the Southwestern Miners' Associ
ation. The work of organization was be
gun and another meeting will be held soon
10 select ottlcers and to perfect the new
association. It has been determined to
make the membership fe« only one dollar.
President Voorhela will preside at the
convention this week.
The Kl Dorado County Miners' Associa
tion has elected officers for the year. C.
II. Dunton Is president, H. E. Pockctt,
vice president; C H. Weather wax, secre
tary; M. Q. Meehan. treasurer; Thomas
Clark. E. W. Chapman. George M.. Clark.
W. H. Husband, M. 1* Smith. H. S. Mo
rey, t. Adams, J. F. Armstrong, J. Bar-
Ing Gould and James Blair, executive
committee.
The Butte' County Miners' Association
has elected A. Kkman president: \V. E.
Duncan Sr., vice president: E. B. Klmball,
secretary, and L. L. Green, treasurer.
News From the Mines.
"The code itself states that the actual
engagement of counsel in another suit
pending Is a sufficient ground for the con
tinuance, and the violation of Mrs. Green
an's rights In this regard is alone suffi
cient to overthrow the order of dismissal
mada by the board. There were also
many other 'irregularities in the conduct
of the board's proceedings."
"Attorney Eugene N. Deuprey appeared
at the trial for Mrs. Greenan. On the
morning of the trial he went before the
Board of Education and stated that he
had an Imperative professional engage
ment In court as an Assistant District
Attorney, and moved for a continuance
of the trial on that ground. This request
was denied by the board and Mrs. Green
an was forced to trial without ihc pres
ence and assistance of counsel. She was
without an attorney during all of the tlrst
day. when the testimony for the prosecu
tion was being Introduced, and »he was
thus deprived of the Invaluable right of
the cross-examination of adverse wit
nesses.
"The trial of Mrs. Grecnan was want
ing In every essential element of fair
ness, and no court on earth will sustain
the procedure adopted by the Board of
Education.
Mrs. Rebecca Qrecnan through her nt
torney, Stephen V. Coatello, Hied a suit
yesterday to compel the Board of Educa
tion to restore her to her position as
principal of the John \V. Taylor School,
from which she wan removed Februury 3,
1900. She also sues for $3100, the amount
she would havo received as salary If she
had not been dismissed. Mrs. Greenan
Is a holder of a life diploma, and taught
here from March, 1S77, up to the time of
her dismissal. Charges were preferred
against her by School Director Uergerot
In January, 1900. She was Vied and dis
missed, and the circumstances surround
ing the trial she now claims were of much
a nature that her dismissal was unwar
ranted. Attorney Costello In speaking of
Mrs. Grecnan's claim for restoration said
yesterday:
Interest Now Centers in the
Convention in This
City.
Claims She Was Not Given
Fair Trial Before She Was
Dismissed.
.State Association Gains
Strength in the Cop
per Belt.
Mrs. Greenan Charges
Board of Education
With Prejudice. •
PRINCIPAL SUES
FOR RESTORATION
COUNTY MINERS
NAME OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALE, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
30
CALIFORNIA MfiTBWESTEM IL OH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburen Ferry. r«*t «f stotfest fs>
San Francisco to Gan Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:*>. 1:00. 11:00 «. m.; U.iX
S:*0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Tbursdays— Extra trip
at U:3» p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYE-8:00. »:J0. 11 :W a. m.: 1:M. 1:10.
b:CO, 6:zt> p. ra.
San Rafael to Son Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. »:M. 11:10 a, nv; 1!:4S
J:40, 5:11 p. m. a*turda>»— Extra- trips at X:ii
and S:iS p. m.
SUNDATB— 1: 19. »:40. 11:10 a. m.: I:*0. 1:«.
6:0S. C:2S p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Aprll CT. 1X1.| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am J:»am Novato. 10:40 am 1:10 am
1:30 pm S:30am 1'etaluma. «:0a pm 10:2J am
5:10 pm t:W pm Santa. Itoaa. 7:3S pm «:I0 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, M:2S am
6:00 pm Heajdibura;, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm g.-OOacn Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am] 19:25 am
3:14 pm| tM ami and Uklah. | 7:25 praj (:20 pm
7 JO am I 10:40 am 10:25 am
t :00 ami Guernevllte. 7^5 pm
iM pm 5:00 pm| (^ # : -o pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I:U ami 1:40 am
and
(:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm) (:S0 pra
7:S0aro| »:<« ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
2:10 pm| 6:00 pm| Eebastopol. I 7:Si pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rota for Mark West
SpriDca and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for AUrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Eprlnss; at
Geytervllle for Skaggs Hprlngs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlngs. Highland Eprlngs, Kelseyvllte. Carls*
bad SprlOKs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spiinga; at Uklah for Vichy Fprlnc*. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
eprlngs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerlejr's. Bucknell'j
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragr. Weal-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummlos.
Beir« f?pr1ngs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. BcotiJ
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re.
duced rates.
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. Poinis
Ticket office, CM Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO, n. x. RTAN,
Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass Aft.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sousqllf parry.
Commencing September 29. jmi
FROM SAN FRANCIHCO TO M/LL VALLwv
AND SAN RAFAEL VAW ««*
"WEEK DAYS-«:66, 8:30. •»:30/ n : oo . _
•1:45. »:U. 4:15. 8:15, »»:1S, 6:4i p. m ""
EXTRA TniPS-For- Mill Valley and B u
nafael on Monday*. Wednesdays JnS SaSS
days at »:30 and 11:40 p. m. TO eatur-
BUNDAY8-»8:00 ' •10:00, 'luao a, m. lit
MS, •<:«. 6:30. 8:20 p. m. * ™...1.H
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO BAN FJtAWciBCO
WEEK I)AYe-«S:2S. 6:27. 7:45, S:S 7u%i
a. m.. 12:25, 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. nT^ "' u
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Baturflays st 6:tt and 8:55 p. m anwo * y "
6UNDAYS-«:15. 1:00. •U:Q0. •na \u25a0- ».'
1-.40. n:is. 4.U. p. m. "'" *• «••
Train* marked <*) *tart from Bah QucnMn
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FIUNCWCO
WEEK DAT8-6M5. 1:45, 7:K, ,•« tS&
a. m.. H«. i:<\ 1:50. 6:19 p. m / . * M > W ' M
. n E d X S T .?u A r-a T y? I . I t S 7:l O . n « M » y p: .T^-**
.:& U^ A p yB m S:05 ' W:06 *• Rfe SSSK^ff*
THROUGH TRAINS.
«:W a. m. week days-Cazadero aad war ata.
tlons. \u25a0* *"^
1:45 p. ra. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
ata t ions. , , - ' > \u25a0 .
8:00 a. ra. Bundays-Duncan Mills and war
B^H'gne^ 7 ' b ° >U >Pd tf>>M " m "» "
BLiUQllEiO"*- bootblacks, balh-
, - - bouses. \u25a0 billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy -maker*, cannars
dyers, flourmllls, foundries'. , laundries, paper*
''."K*™' » rtnt ««. Painters, shoe . factories,
stablemen. Ur-rooftra. tanners, UUon, stfc r
; BUCHANAN . BRO8., £
Bpuh Manufacturers, 000 Sacramento «*
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OP
THE LITTOINISTER.
Week Beginning TO-MORROW- (MONDAY)
• EVENINO.
WALTER B. PERKINS^
Or.e of America's Foremost Comedians, In
"THE NAN FROM MEXICO."
ny h. a4du souchet.
POPULAIt PRICES-lOc J5<-. tie. 50c. Tie
Good Orchestra Seat*, all matinees. 25c
Branch' Ticket Office, Emporium.
GRAND OPERA
SEASON
By the Entire Company From the
Metropolitan Opera House,
NEW VORK.
U»(Ja» t»* Oi ect'oo o< MR. MAURICE GRAU .
\
BEGINNING MONDAY, NOV. II, and
CONT1NUINO THItKB WEEKS. AT
Grand Opera House
Mr. Orau Announces the Following Llat of
Artl«is In Alphabetical Order:
SOPRANOS— Mtncs. Suxannr Ailnnm. Kauer-
niflslfr. Knuna Ca\vt. Van Cautcren. Km-
inn Kame#. Canulle S<»vtf»r«l-Klrcher. Jn-
linnnn CSadrkl. Mi;r\lll. Uui!.«f Keu»s-lleK-e.
t*>bll SanJer»on. Marcella tirmbrlcli. Krllxl
Scheflf.
CONTKALTr»S - Mme». Carrie Bridewell.
Lou:** lUmier. Krncstlne Sohumnnn-IIelnk.
TICM»HH— SIo<it«, Jaoqu<*s Ham. An<lrens Imi>-
pi'l. Krn> »t Vnn l>$.k. Kmlllo «le Mnrvln.
Albrrt HpIm>. Ttioma* SnllKiim-. Vitnnl.
BAIIYTONKS-Messr*. 1>rvI,I nixpltam. Olo-
n.'1'f" '"» nu '.111111 1. l'irlfr>. OufrK-h<>. CHI-
?M»rt. Adolf Muhlmann. Antonlu t>ctittt.
Vivlahl.
l!A(*Si >S- Mfun, Iloberi lltn*t>. Marvel Jour-
nrt. Ettnunrii de Ite^zkr. lVrell» rtt' Sen-
uroin, Tnveochln.
COXOUCTOUS — Mtf»r«. • Waiter PrtmroxMi.
Vh. 1'lun. A. S«p:illll.
The Itn-rtnirr for Hie Firm «>A Will ln<
olude ••lAJHKNOKIN." "CARMKN." -LA
THAVIATA." 'MANOK.'- "LKt* It CO UK-
.NOTH." ••KAi;ST^Hn.tjTANNHAl'*i:i(. 1 '
The gal^ of Subucrlrtlon Pcoia Will r.'irnifnce
MONDAY.' OCTOBER ». AT THIJ
GRAND OI'KRA HOUSE. AT 9 A. M.
Prices for the Konsoii uf VS l'erformani-e>:
OrchrulM and Dr#*s Circle, front ivrt Ions.. $100
Orchestra, rear rows; Dress Circle, middle
r<>'v« 90
Dresn Clrrl<>. renr rows SS
family Circle, w
Gallery S5
Hn\e»>. tSCO to tfooo. aooonllnc to rlze ' and
location. _______
Arpltcatlons for nnxep ahoiiM be Immedl-
ntfly aildrewed to MR. ALFRED DOUV1ER.
ORAND OPKRA HOUSK.
Sale of Blnslc Peatn will bccln . November 6.
1'rlcea $2 to $7. '
W EHKK PIANOS rSKP.
Uelasco & Thai), Manacrrs.
THIS 8UNDAY MATINKE AND NIOHT.
AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
OK IN THE PW1M. -.. .
• AND SEE
THE GIRL
IN THE BAF RACKS.
SHE 18 THE TALK OPTHE TOWN.
YOU'LL LAL'OH AH YOU NEVER LAUGHED
I1EFORE.
\u25a0,; 8»«aU on Hal* Six Days In Advance. '
PHICE8-W*. ZU\ Kc^ r,<H'. and 75e. , f *\u25a0
Next-"TKNNKSHKE*fl I'AnPNKIt."
$ viiiT DR. JORDAN'S great j
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
i CM 10SXKAtUTCT.tat.6^c7U,C.r.Cl1.i
. A \u25a0 ' *§. ' ' ,' r ** Urttnf Anatomical Maocum li| the \ .
J Wand. We*kn«iHa. or any •nntuciert §
Z Mil • *••»«•, »»eJM»«>l» earwl i, y the oldt.l f
• IMHI *p««lall»i on ihc Coait Sit yi yean. #
iflsCl 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
FiMi CoKKultkti«n fret *ml strictly private. \
I sir I L'^i?'^ r™ 0 "* 11 ' or b^ *»••"• * I
I If « \u25a0 ruith* Cur, | n every cant umltrulten. T
\u25a0 £ (|> ' vahaaWa booh (or a>ea) • » ' < \
Hi. IOBD4NA CO.. 1081 Market Ht. . «. F. f
< V«%§ \u25a0
NEWlWBSTBRN HOTEL; <
K "^PXl ) A 5 D WA8HINOTON ;. 8TU.-RB-
«» nodeltd I and rtnuvitsd. 5 KINO, WARD 4s*
CO. JttWMtiipltn.^ Rooms, We \u25a0 io tl W day;
U to M week; It to tM month. Frte baths: hi*
and cold water every room j. are crates la.aTery
I room; elevator runs all nlttu. \u25a0 * - , T ,*•
' \u25a0 <> /.r .' " .\u25a0.-\u25a0 , *,*':-..,i i'« ; i; ;, - '; ;'\u25a0'. if* ''.Ml u fv i
ni-«5 i/.'ii/. 1..aj. \u25a0:'-'\u25a0 :,- '\u25a0";....: \u25a0-•:\u25a0: .•\u25a0 'L. . '."" -J 'j_i«.. .'\u25a0 ..*.. :.'\u25a0}'.. «' .'.
All u BJSMEJTTS. ._
WEKK COMMXNCINO THIS AFTERNOON,
OCTOBER 90.
BEST FOSSIBLETn VAUDEVILLE
|^ | _ | _ | _ | - | _ | — U|J ,_.^_ , t> , i ,iii- > ,^- > nii— . .— i.n -I* —M \u25a0
The Orsmt Eastern Novelty.
BEAUX AND BELLES
OCTETTE
The. Latest Sensation in Up-to-Dats Vaudeville,
MIGNONETTE KOKIN
Chanteusa and Danseuse Eccentrique.
FRANCIS LE PAGE
World's Greatest Jumper and Pole Vaalter.
JOHN fiEIGER
The Violin Humorist.
Herculean Acrobats. ;
"TioSaTbaker^
Singer and Monologlst.
Tkeatons™
In New Eccentricities.
With a. Change of Vlewm. _. ' _
LAST WEEK OV
MONROE, MACK
and LAWRENCE
In "How to Get Bid of Tow Mother-ta-L*w.~
Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony, 10c: Children.
19c, any part except reserved. A few front
Orchestra rows reserved. SOc: front rows, of
Balcony, reserved. Sc.
VULUIflulA LEAC1S3 THEATEE
' • TO'NICHT-LAST TIME
"FLO/?ODO/?A"
begin ninc ro-M ok jroar, mohda r
EVERT NIGHT. I?#CLODIN'O StT?II>AT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART "Bertie
ROBSON L al e .
In Branson Howard's Masterpiece,
fr-rumr the greatest
% w I ri I" AMERICAN COMEDY
I I I L EVER WRH TEM
HENRIETTA"
Most Iicportant Presentation Ewer Given the
Play.
A VERITABLE ALL-STAR CAST. >
INCLUDING:
MACLT.V ARBUCKLE. DOROTHT ROSS-
MORK. RUSS WHYTAL. ESTELLE CARTER.
CLIFFORD LEIGH. MART REALTY.
CHARLES LANE. LAURA THOMPSON.
JOSEPH V. KEEFE, CHARLES R. GILBERT.
ROT ATWELL.
D. V. ARTHUR. Manager. •
Comin«-MRS. SARAH COWELL-LE MOTNE.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACZ, Jtig* : JAS. T. GSACI. SUsftr.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - October 20
America's Greatest
Coursing Event,
..JOHN GRACE..
..CHALLENGE CUP..
Consolation and Special Stakes.
oonnn total connn
ioUUU purse ooUuU
MUSIC BT VON DER MEHDEN'8 BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE: :
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:13
a. m.. 11 a. m., 13 m. and 1 p. na. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. tn. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. . . i ;
ADMISSION » CENTS.
j^vi NO TREE LIST.
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
SUPERB VAtDEVILLE BILL !
HARRY BARMON,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST HIGH DIVER.
EVERY. THURSDA?HI6HT,
THB AMATEURS.
EVERY SATURDAY NI6HT,
CAKEWALK.
\u25a0 \u25a0 ' - Telephone, for seats. Para: H.
UNIQUE LBCTURP.
CaJirornla Academy of Sciences Hall. - tl*
Market St.. Tu««- eve.. S o'clock. Oct. C "How
I Found Stanley In Africa." by John Fred
Mason. Admls. SOc 3 tickets $1. Sherman. Clay
A Co.. Sutter and Kearny: Zeno Mauvata Music
Co.. 7» Market; Kohler A Chase. IS O'Farrell.
PALACE HOTEL.
- For a quarter of a century thest
hotels have been the headquarters ol
tourists and travelers who hava
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. . Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
\u25a0plan...; ". J \u25a0 ' -. ,\u25a0 : ;:;" --7-^ ..:.- \u25a0
GRAND HOTEL, y
THE WEEKLY CALL
*.*-\u25a0..* \u25a0 -• -\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 " - : \u25a0 " . ' '\u25a0+"$$•£& \u25a0-\u25a0-
• . ,. $1 per Year. »
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Travlaa Icatvo \u25a0»«••( *r* Hm» *• »rrlvt> at
; «*» riCA.<«t:iM«'o.
kh (Main Lu*. Foot of Market Street)
tXATK — FaOM OCTOBES 6. 1901. — IKtlTl
7iS>*a Dcoida. Sotiuo. f.cir* aad Stcra-
\u25a0Besto C-SSr
~:<M»» V»c*»nie, Wlctm, Eamser ~i&ir
*:*•» Murtlt n, siu H&uiou. Valleja. I«at<k
(.>lilt'jt>ldSu:uKnu •:*-"»r
\u25a0 :••» Daria. « r«>tnid, KnifHU Laodiof.
UarfSTlIK « Tot file. 7>3-1r
•>:••» Atlantic Ktpreaa— Otdea aod East IStSSp
»:••» KUes. L*ttrop. Stockton ~:S»P
»t—t NUa. Meadota. H*t.f ord. ViaaU^.
Port-rriU. «:53»
•>>•• iihaata Express— IHtis. WlUians (foe
Bartlett gprisp!. WIUows. lied
,: BluS. Portia4:d7. 7x»»r
•*!\u25a0)* San Joae, Ltftrmore. HloekUm.
. lour Hmtnmmto. PlacerrUle.
M.rjiTi:'-. Ci-ici. K.llliiin 4iMr
a t a«i« (Hk(U-*.Ctilaf»e,!50Dora, Oarten... 4tS0p
w:«Ml« Harward. Mir I and War bUlioot.. I li*3»
V:sm»a VsOcjo lsiSSr
»>••» horn Aaceles Zzftm — alartluaz,
. Tracj. lAtl>rop. Mtoektoo, Mererd
Freauo and Los Ascelc* 7:t»p
»:»o» TiIMn, Martinez and Way fttatlona 7iSSp
IOi«ua Tae O*erlaird IJiuited— Of deo. Des<
»w, <»m»i» Chicago •tSSr
tl«*«r Baauicnu HlitrMmiacn 15:<m»a
«:>«r H»r-»rd. N>l»« »ii<1 Mar KUUodi.. T:»3f
«i»«.r li-niflta irinlen. SaeramsrAo.
Woo<! .»..<!. KuUliU J*Ddlug,
Marjra«i:if. Orotnie ll:Mi
4 t»«r Harduax. Mail Kaiaoa. VaJleJo,
Nip.. • .^u.!.. ,i.,,t. Rc« *>S3a
*•—* Slim, LlTtmore. fltockton. Lodl... I2i«8r
««»«»r lUrwaxd, Miei, nao Jet*. LUtraors t*>a3A
4 \u25a0 *«• r yon <>* a, Twj. La.t».rcp. Btocktoa I «xS3a
• i«»r Tbe O«l LlBlted-rrasuo. Tniara.
lUkersfleid. K>n r u for baj.ta l»ax-
lan, Ia* Anceiaa t:SSt
*t—r Martloez. AoUoch, fclocktoc, Mer-
eed.Fresco II;23»
•»Mr »« Orleans Ezpreas— Meadota,
- Freawv BeJEcrtaeid. Los Act*!**.
: . ttaminc El Paao, Kew Orles>sa
•od £m* 7tASa
•rfMr HM»ard, MJ*iaodS*o Jose 7>S»*
HtOtir Valk)o 11:25*
••••r Oriental Mall—Of den. Oi.ef tone.
Omaha, Chieaca ISiSSr
•)«••* OrtaBtal Mall-Orles. Denrer.
8*. Lods. CtakMisa. 4<S»r
7i««r Oregon and CalUcrrula Kirress,H«e-
raineuta. Marri«IUe, lle<l<llii(,
1'urtiaiMl, I'tigot timwi ami lUat SiSCl
•••Sr Saa Pablo. Purt Costa. Msrtiaex
and W*» BUtlcrti* llr*»*
t»r»*p Tall>V. \u25a0?»»»r
COAST LIKE (5arrsir Uufe).
(fook of Market Street.*
SilS'aNewark.Outet'Tllie.fta.uJoM.f'Vftoii. -
Boald«rCrecic,Hauta.Or>zaAdWar \u25a0
feUUoi.i 0i3«r
1*1 1 ar Kewark. CenUrTllle, fian J<«e, Hew
Almaieo, Falioo, Itnnldw Creek,
Haiita Craz aad I'rludpal War
Stations latneJA
lilSp Kmwt, Hu Joh, LoiOatM 1»«»ea
ctt.aer Hasten' Train— Mao Jcae and Way
eutlops 17.—P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tn* lit rtuasn—foen af Strict Street (Shy t)—
t<:l» V.00 11:00.. K. 1:09 1:09 6:16'.-.
titm CltUlk-rul •'(«•«•• j.— tr:OO :s.00 J8.-06
_ UMi.u. 1:^3 8.C3 i:C3r.M.
COAST LINK (ftr«ad <;*\u25a0«•).
(Third imkI Tow naei.<i.SU.)
•il«a tea Jose and War ntations..... «i»t»r
~;«Oa Kmi Jom»u<1 Waf HUUt.tn ItSUr
/•7:Oua New AlinadMi / «il«r
v tin h»m Jtmm. Trea liooa. Haiita Cn«,
IVHiic <l«.t«, Kallnu. Ban Lois
OMapo. B*nta Barbara au-l Vrtu-
dj*l iutermedUU KlmU.ma 7>«Sr
IOiatifimJcww'1 W.y gtat!on«.. 4il«r
I IiSMa nan Jf«e *i»l Way HUUons 5«a«r
1*i«ar 6ati M»tw,, IUdwoo4. Menlo Park,
T'«lo Alto. Hfcn to Clara, H»m Jtmm.
-\u25a0-. Trea fiooa. H&nta i!i«, Salloaa.
tloaterey »»>4 I'a«(ne Oror* tl*s49a
SiX*r ftaa Jose and Way Htatiotis «a«U
\u2666•«l»r HaaJossftiKl Principal Wa.y Buttons 1#U»*
t&ifeer 6»n Joe*. Los Gatos and rriudpcl
VtfgUUoM 1»tOO»
»t»«f »-«.Jr*-»ndI'rit.elp«l WarHlatlona S:3« A
• >a«r Eedvood. Has Joan. GDroy. Oallsas,
He>uta Btrbira, Urn ABfelrt IOiO3 a
«:X«rU«Jos(aud WayHutlmw 1«iO«»
etll«4»f Raw Jo»»wJ Wat KUU.hu C;3T
AforMarnlug. I' rnr A fteruoon.
t Hm,il. r rxcepted. . l»-nnd»rooly.
« Saturday only. . . /Tuesdsys and Frldtyi^
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 .MILWAV
Leave Via Satnalito Ferry- Arrive
Ssn Vnn^ Foot of Market SL San Fran.
tt~.tmTm.<*,,,t,fm,m*uiiMmn.tl*X
c**»o*~^ an auunatstsxCT — t hmiiito rxaat.
AMTTSEMEMTS.
*TIVOLI*
EVENINGS AT « SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT t SHARP!
Grand Opera.
raul StelndorfE. Musical Director.
To-Night— ERNANI.
WEEK OF OCTOBER XI.
Monday. Wednesday. Friday. Saturday,
Bellini's Masterpiece.
INORMA.
First Appearanca This Season of AVEDANO,
the Great Dramatic Tenor. Barbarescht.
Nlcollnl. Pullettlnl.
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Mat!n<-«\ "
First Time at Popular Price* in This City,
Puccini's Great Modern Opera.
La Boheme.
With a Splendid Cast. Includlnic the Origin*!
••Rudolph" <AOOSTINI> and "Mlml"
• (M'l.NTAX.Mtl) Dado, Repetto.
Kerrmrl. Zanl. Cortesl.
Hy Arrangement With RICORDI.
MONDAY. Oct. 28.
GRAND TKSTIMONIAL. TO DIRECTOR
FTEINDORFF.
POPULAR PRICES-Sc. Me snd 75c.
Telephone— Hush $.__
'
W$B TIVC TO-MGHT,
ONE WEEK.
ALL FOR FUN. FUN FOR ALU
»,NA > » BLA «rY'S
RtO FARCE COMEDY COMPANY IN
A Female Drummer.
INCLUDING CHARMING. I.OVELT. CLEVER
JutuM.-jiUoJi Bc'iNiNETT.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next -"SPORTING LIFE."
BEl*SCOA"°THAUC8s>+gfl£
T w mttmem-vmit
MATINEE TO-DAY 10c. 15c. So
TO-NIGIIT— LAST TIME. THB BtQ HIT
"WIFE FOR ,WIFE/ ;
PBICES *£ gs
Brglnninc TO-MORROW. EVENING— Mammoth
Spectacular Production of the Powerful
Melodrama.- v
The Gotton King
| Th« ni( Production' «f the T«ar • \u25a0
ALHAMBRA"
POPULAR NIGHT
THIS EVENING
* (Farewell Concert.)
POPULAR PRICE^25c f 50c, 75c
Messrs. EHImrhonse and Oppenholmer announce
the Farewell Appearance <rf "" Bauoc *
\u25a0 V MR, CHANNINO ELLEKY'8 *•
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND,
.. SIO. OIUSCPPB CRKATORE. Director.
8 ?* TS : NO^Y R^A n ,T^ AiI !A MBR A- rox
FISCHER'S : ?? u £*f2J*S!f am <
GKIS8LER - HIRSCHHORN. TTROlV*.**
i« Alma; Harry Holmes; Uerr'Huber* Eiea-
nowJenklns. and HlnrlchV Orchestr*''
, Reserved Seats, too. , Matinee Sunday. \u25a0
BLANCH ARD^ .-
| TWO SONO HECIT AL8-.TUE8DAT. Oct. »."
at 1:15; Saturday, . Oct. M, at J. * Sherman A
Clay's Music . Hall. Reserved seats. • 75c • an.l
60c. at Sherman A Clay's- Store." ." '^ \u25a0'\u25a0' ; -; \u25a0 " \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
CITY i A PARIS
Dry Goods -^^^^ Company.
HOUSEKEEPERS:
PILLOW SLIPS, neatly CROCHET QUILTS, full
made. 4-5x36 in- fn~ size and great «*1 f\f\
ches. each ivW value, each *pl»\J\J
PILLOWSLIPS, well made HONEY COMB QUILTS,
and hemstitched. 17i/» a pood heavy C1 Afi
each I/2C weight, white.... spLUU
BATH TOWELS, heavy MARSEILLES QUILTS,
unbleached, large 55- extra quality, tf 5 QA
size, each CD\* white, each »pc,»D\J
Courtrai Linen Finished Sheets and Pillow Slips.
HUCKABACK TOWELS, COMFORTERS, filled with
hemstitched and pure white cot- C1 *iC
good size LD\* ton, each Jpl.^3
STANDARD SHEETS for SILKOLINE COMFORT-
double beds, 72- CA/» ERS, soft and Ci CO
90, full size DUC fluffy, each a>Z.3U
WOOL BLANKETS, ten- SATEEN COMFORTERS,
quarter In size, CO7C' elegantly stitch- C1 CA
each $L.(J ed, extra fine JC.JV
Closing Out of Remnants of Table Linen and Odd Napkins
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Ccrcer Geary &nd StocVtoa Streets, Saa Fnnoiioo.
v \u25a0;!,.•;•\u25a0 :'\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•. union square.
Mall and Krrire«s Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
CUT PRICES THAT j|
CU T COMPETITION i i
...AT THE...' i!
QOLDENQATE II
GLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I!
No Disappointment !!
Goods and Prices Exact y as Advertised n
$20,00. ii
j^js — FINE NAVY BLUE VENETIAN J |
, J^ Sfc, TAILOR SUITS, with very latest feathef i ,
wflES^BP Wfym C( Ikc velvet rcvers and cufTs, newest cut, ( >
l\\/n a . nc y trimmed: skirt lined throughout with < I
*ygW \)9 VI Silk Moreen: real value $27.50; on sale at.... < •
•B^Hal l) Tailor Suits at 2
Aw^iWLwf Three different styles— Pure Wool Black #
--^J&fc&wlam Venetian, new box effect— Pure Wool Black •
yr Goltinc. latest Eton — New Grey Nobby •
jRjCwBja ? ton Su\t. iacket with velvet collar and satin •
afraSlf*^™ l£r lined, skirt latest cut. velvet and satin trim- Z
afaF^flr'^an me^'< rea ' value $14.00; on sale at...$lO.OO
Auto Box Coats, $10.00 •
ftKCHfflfflPBV*^ Made of fine Black Kersey, with Peau de #
BJm&i&*mf£*$mr&L. c Severs, velvet collar and cur?, silk or •
aHfflm^"^WBa " at ' n '' nC( l- excellent value at $12.50; our price #
Novelty Auto Box Coats at S
TSiQBBFi^ mmf *~ # _ .$12.50, 915.OO and $ 2O.OO *
600 Skirts, Value $6.50 and $7.50, at I
SB5.OO 1
Fine Black Venetian Satin trimmed. Black and Oxford Golfing •
Skirts, with 25 rows of tailor stitching, black and navy extra heavy Peb- •
ble Cheviot, correct style, perfect hanging. Full value $6.50 and $7.50: J
on sale at • $5.OO 9
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET •
My d $i.oo w iblf
* ' '\u25a0 . \u25a0 RAILWAY TKAVEL.
Mj^zines/or^Passengers
' Va^ilr***~'i ill n cveTy ur ' in g to n
I \J^Wp**^93 bsst* perienced excursion man-.
Law 3KCTS.
Frc= Les Angtl^s M^dars and Weda«d*y* ; San FrancUcc HUHSWl
' \u25a0IS&glJS* TJnr«!.v.-Omah fc Chicago. K.nIL cTtj-. sV HSZ2. MSMM
iA ER\ WHERE east. Tic^cu and tents at Southern Tac.fic ticket HnfflflH
cszc** or cy writing
2 W. D. Sanborn, Ceni Agent. 6 3 t Market St., San Francisco. >
ADVEH11SEMENTS.
Specialists
Y]FUJ^' Without
WEAKNESS
There Is no such condition as weakness In
J "J'U H?M.' r nt k y *\u25a0"" of "«*• oth " « h «" fw-'
eral debility. Prematurenes*. loss of vltnllty.
etc.. are but symptoms of some damage to th«
reproductive system. In looking for the loca-
tion of this damage we generally find an en-
larged. awollen and Inflamed prostate gland
As this gland is the very center of tha rapro.
?k C . T e « B>Btem . U c .' n r «"< 1| ly b« understood
that Inflammation of It must cause disordered
function. These caacs are promptly benefited
by proper treatment, otherwise the patient roes
from had to worse. The essential point In alt
of them Is the necessity of the cure of the focus
of the trouble In th« protttate. Many men hava
unsucr#isfully treated for a weakness and be-
come discouraged, when If an antlph1>gt*tio
plan of treatment had been adopted Inst-ad of
tonics, a cure would have been the result. In
our exrerlrr.ee there is no drug In the Phar-
macopeia, taken Into the stomach, that will
even benefit this claws of rases. Our plan of
treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt
renal ts> are obtained, as Indicated by Increaaed
circulation and return of natural vla-or. Our
colored chart, which we mall on application. Is
Interesting to any one wishing to study the
anatomy of the male.
Contracted Disorders.
Under the treatment oursued before lrrlaa-
tlons were established six weeks was decreed
the duration of an acute contracted disorder.
If It proceeded beyond six weeks It was con-
sidered to have gone Into chronic condition.
FVom statistics compiled from our oractlce tn
the past five years, covering over 6800 cases.
we can show that M per cent of our patients
hare recovered In fourteen days or less. It Is
therefore, equally proper to hold that a/oase
not entirely cured within two . weeks muat be
considered a chronic one, and some oompllca-
tlon has arisen for which the patient should
ie \£. \u25a0 w^» ll f t - We jnvlte free consultation
on this subject, and offer an experience of over
twenty years: In fact we can positively assert
that we have never failed to cure In a slngl*
Instance. ' ,
' DR. TALCOTT ftCO., 997 Market St.
RAILWAY TBAV£L.7 "
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Loral Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
•\u25a0 \u25a0 . . Dally • Dally I/ally
Lv. flan Frap 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. 8tockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1)1 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a Clip
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p «:o; a 10:40 p
" llanford. 1:11 p 1:27 p 7:08 a
" Vlsalla... 3:44 p 4:48 a
\u25a0" Bakrsfild 0:15 p B:20 p ,7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago | 2:1S p ( >:00 p (..
a for morning, p for afternoon. .
•9 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car- '
rylng Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runt
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-clans passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored ' on this train.- Corre-
sponding train arrives at f :6S p. m. Tues-
day and Friday. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•;. i- . \u25a0
4:20 p. m. li Stockton, Merced and Prta.
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:39 p. m. dally. \u25a0 \u25a0 ~ ,,..
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
- through 'Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars, to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at S:W p. m.
dally.' - . ••\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0:\u25a0 ..:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0*\u25a0 \u25a0.•-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.; \u25a0'\u25a0 > i -7 '
7:20 a. ra. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping .
- at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
spondlng train arrives at 1:40 a. m. dally. ,,
Of flces~441 Market , itreet tad In Ferry
' Depot, Ban Francisco; 1111 Broadway. Oajf' . CHICAGO, Oct. 1».— At the. outset th«r» was
a 'depressing tendency , In the wheat pit, due
to sagging cable*. December started, %9Ma
r>. «4«He * lower at . 70%«r70Hc, | and with I ths
usual prospect' of closing deals for over. Sun-
Chicago Grain Market.
NHW TORK Ort. !».— There »e#*ne<l to be
a pause Jn the large operations In Northern
l'acln<! preferred that have given character to
the rtork market for two days past, and the
i<roremlonal trader. ma<le uncertain work with
th« *u»ck In the absence of assured lesdersWp.
The stock opened unchanged and advanced a
point, dipped two points and fluctuated doubt
fu::>- This unsettled the whole roark«t and
»eml-«ta«natlon aetUed over, the dealings.
AmsJfamated Copp«r was an exception and
was strong and actlr* throughout with only
occasional slight reactions. The buying was
attributed to Bortoa account, supposed to be
•-\u25a0cverlng by abort*. There was.no news to
• crount for the movement beyond tht insist
ence by copper Interests that th* company's
stocka on band were not unduly large. Hugar
\u25a0 od People's Gas showed soon* ayinpathr In
tbe UU dealings. Amalgamated Copper rose
three points and closed within a shade of the
beet. ThU stork held tbe market against the
disappointment -cf the Increase -In bank loans
revealed by the weekly, statement. It Is con-
Xew York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
only quotations for Eastern are fl 67&@1 70 for
white In bulk, to arrive,
RYE— 75®77Vio per ctl. ..
"BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
• , Flour and Millstu ffs.
• 'FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 26©
S 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |3 1503 25:
Oregon, $2 B0®2 75 ' per barrel for family and
$3 75(93 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', |2 75
03. - " ' ' • "" ' ' - • ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 SO; Rico Flour, $7; Com Meal, $3 2i;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, 14
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. S4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, |4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $« 85<gS 35;
In sacks, $6 E0<g8; Pearl Barley, |3; Split Peaa,
5G; Green Peas. $G 60 per 100 lb&.
• Hay and Feedstuff s.
,.Thfc Hay market continues firm, but owing
to the scarcity of cars business Is greatly ham
pered. Generally city consumers fill their
barns for the winter during August and Sep
tember, but the itrlke prevented them this
year. Now they are In the market, but can
not fill their demands owing to the lack of cars,
though there Is plenty of Hay In the country-
Commission . merchants are attending to their
export orders, which they are filling as rapidly
bh possible and standing off the local con
sumers. There Is no change In prices.
Fcedstuffs remain as before.
BRAN— $20©20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 60(822 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. !27©2S; Jobbing,
128 50(929; Cocoanut Cake, S2O021; Corn Meal,
$34^34 10; Cracked Corn, $31 50(235; Mixed Feed,
SIS® 19. I
HAY-Wheat. $8«1I; Choice. $1160; Wheat
and Oat. $7 MXglO 60; Oat. $8010; Barley and
Oat $7@9; Alfalfa. $8(310 50; Clover. $5 50@7;
Volunteer. $5^8: Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@41c per bale.
Bcjans and Seeds.
' The Bean market rules about the. same, be
ing dull and unsettled. Prices show no further
change of consequence. —
HKASS- Mayos. »2 40Q2 50; Small White. $3 40
>ai 50- Large White. »2 2532 50: Pea, $3<34;
Pink $2 25®2 50; Red, $ ; Blackeye. $3 25®
3 60; Lima?. $4 a0Q4 85; Red Kidney, $3 75 per
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3 3njj3 £0; Flax. 12 65&3 23; Canary,
:<i,4Hi3Ui; ' for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rapt,
Hlih^c: Hemp. 34c per lb.
DRIED PEAS-NIIes. $1 73®.l 90: Green. Si 73
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Sweets are unsalable. Two cars of
Merceds are due to-morrow. Other Potatoes
continue In ample supply and rather weak than
otherwise. Onions are steady at the prices
which have ruled for some little time. There
Is nothing new In Vegetables. Corn Is poor
1 and even good stock Is weak. String Beans
I and Tomatoes are neglected. Bell Peppers are
In demand for shipment.
POTATOES-SO&TJc •" sacks for Burbanks
from the river; K.illnas Rurbanks. $131 3u;
Rl\er Reds. >l4.V;ilri0; .Sweets. 37H&40c for,
Rivers and 9Cc lor Merced.
ONIONS— fl 10© 1 25 -per ctl: Pickle Onions,
60fl75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Oreen Peas. l#3c for Gar
den: String Beans. 1^4Q2' 4 c: Llmas. 2®3c:
Cabbage, 6Ofl75c per Cll; Tomatoes, from Aia
meda. 25*»S3c; Dried Peppers. 10«il2Hc: Green
Okra. i'^iU: per box: Carrots. r><g3Sc per sack:
Cucumbers. 3t>'u40c; Pickles. 2Vj'&3c per lb for |
umajl and liil'jc for large: . Garlic. 2@2Hc:
Gre^n" Pepf*r*. 40f|6Oc per box for Chile and.
MH3T3C for Bell; E«g Plant. 3O«5Oc per box:
Grern Corn. Alameda. MQKc per crate; Berke
ley. 4<VQ7»c: Summer Squash. Jft^«0c: Marrowfat
Squa&h, ;*-5is per ton: Hubbard Squash. $?>.
Poultry and Game.
I Poultry was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
Two cars of Eastern are *xaected to-morrow.
Game told off well. Arrivals were €« sacks.
The cool weather is In Its favor.
POULTRY— Live Turkeyn. l&«16c for Gob
blers and 1591«c for Hens; Geese, per pair. SI SO
tfl 75: Uosllnss. SI&C&2; Ducks. $3^3 50 for
old and $3 30Q5 for young: Hens, $3 6OQ5 50;
young Itooettrs. $3 50ti4: old Rooster*. $3 i-Ofll:
Fryers. $3 :s©i 50; Broilers. $3 Ii«3 M for large
and »3S3 2i for (\u25a0mail; I'Uc^ons, $1 2»61 SO per
dosen rur old and tl T5Q2 tor bouabs.
GAME— Doves, per doxen. $101 ti: Hare. $1 25:
Rabbits. $1 £0 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $60* 50; Cauvasback. $4S<: Sprig. $3 50
$4: Teai. KUt SO: Widgeon. $:«: W: Small
Ducks. $! ju«»l 75; Black Jacks. : English
Snipe. $J: Jack Snipe. (1 SO; Gray Geese, $«;.
White <5ee*e, $1 to per doien.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another shading In Butter quotations Is noted.
There is too much on the market and quite a
! stock was carried over at the close yesterday.
Th* demand for fresh goods Is falling off, as
uiiual on a decttnlng market, especially when
the public has become educated to the use of
' packed goods.
Ch<fte remains steady at the old quotations.
Kkp* continue to waver, but have not yet
Lr.tk.-M. Th*y are »low. however. an«l are be
' ginning to •«• offered from the country. At the
' same time receipts here. show eorae Increase.
Receipts were 21,000 pounds of Butter,
! pounds of Eastern Butter. 510 cases of Eggs,
: rasm Eastern Kgtc*. «O0 pounds ot Callfor
" HUTTE*K -Creamery. ISc per lb for fancy I
and i'.'j'iV.tc for second*: dairy. l$623c: store
; Hutur. ll«17Hc rer lb: Creamery Tub. TlMe;
! l'lcklrtl Itoll. ir'i«:o.- : Keg. ISqISc per lb.
j CHKESK— New. IKiKc-; old. lOVic; Young
, Amerlcn. ll'ic per lb; Eastern. !3UUc.
KGOS-Uanch. SCMOc for selected large. IS
f?37Hc for good to cholc* itnj 12'?Vl*c for fatr;
' More. r:ii2^ per dozen; cold storage. 21^25c:
Eastern. l?OS4c. .
i Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Table Grapes In large boxes are neglected at
73c«$l per box. There are too many lying
nruund. and everybody Is well supplied. Good
sound shipping »i<H-k in small boxes Is meeting I
with a fair il<>mnnd.
Oranfer* and Llm«-s are easy at the recent de
cline Lemon* remain as before.
PrlcfK for Melon* remain about the same,
the market bHnx ijulct and amply supplied.
There Is no iwrilfiiUr change In Herrtes and
tro- fruits, except an abundance In Figs.
• DKCIOKOUS FKUIT8.
APPL.KS— 75c€>tl ?\u25a0"• l'«r box for good to cholc*
and ;5iiCn for ordinary.
HLUMS-l'Hift'c per box.
PEACHES-iOc per box; Peaches In carriers,
COOtte.
I'OMEGIIANATKS- 40{j7^> per small box.
1'EAKS- wiiitt r Pears. 3ucV|l 2s per bos.
QUINCES— lOfltoc per box.
l'EHHlMM«J.N:*-'i5c«» per box.
HTitAWHI-:iilllKS-s6«7 per chest for Long
worths and »;i«»4 for Inrge berries.
I!1,ACKHEHK1KS-.$MH per chest.
LOGAN UKnKIES— $i«6 per chest.
HAfl'HKllHIES— Uili per chest.
Hi;CKLEKERRIKS-6©7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $0 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay. *Z6O«a per box.
FIGS— 76c® $1 i«t box for black and 60c for
MF.LONS-Nutmegs.' 25550c n«r box: Canta
loupes. Mtf 75c per crate; Watermelons, |i® IS
. CRAPES— Sweetwater, 25©40o per box and
rrat»: Tukny. Z0tf7t>c: Muscat. ::.«r«5c: Black.
Isabella. 65©S5c; Cornlchon. 7o(085c;
nviin- Grapes, $27^32 per ton for Zlnfandel and
f20(U?*i lor White. .
ui'i'HUM KHU1TS— O«ar.s»s. 7IcO$2 for com
mon. S3 K(t3 '.5 for good to choice and S404 25'
for fancy; new Navels, $464 60; Lemons, $l@t S3
tor common and $2(f.i for good to choice; orai*-.
Fruit. $1 5W4; • Mexican Limes,- $667;
Bananas. «<•«$! iQ per bunch; Pineapples, fl 30
©3 per doxen. • \u25a0 \u25a0 -. - \u25a0
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is no change to report. Raisins con
tinue unsettled, for the reasons already given:
There may Im> rather more nibbling at Prunes,
but the improved demand. If there be any, Ik
\u25a0light. Other fruits rule dull. ' \u25a0
FKUIT8- Apricots. 7$8V4o for Royals and 80
I3o for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apple*. 6««c: sun-dried, 3U(f4l&c;
Peachrs. SO7Hc: Pears. 4CSc;* Plums, pitted.
au«ic: uniilttvd, I4i:<-: Nectarines, bffic fur
ml Jd i\ws\ic for white; Figs, 3ttQayio for
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follow*:'
80-40'B. SVi«.1Hc: 40-50's.- 4?i«5c; &0-<S0'B. 4V1©
4Vic: fio-70's. 3%O4c; 70-80's, 3HO3Kc; S0-S0's.
©3c; M-100's. 2V4©2V4o per lb \u25a0 , .
RAISINS (price per, 20-lb box) :*\u25a0 Clusters-
Imperial, |3; Dohesa. $2 60; fancy. |l 76; 4
crown. $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown.
$1 20; Two-crown. $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown. \u25a0\u25a0 4»ic; Three
crown,' 4ttc; Two-crown. 3tto; Seedless Mus
cateis, 4Hc". Seedless Sultanas, S^c: Thompson
Seedless,* (Ho: Bleachtd Sultanas— Fancy. 8Hc;
choice, THe: standard. , 6J4c; prime, 6*»c: un
bleached Sultanas, « Go. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra/ fancy,. Ho; fancy, 10c; choice, »c; stan
dard. 7V»c: primp.- 6V4c. Fancy B«ed«d,6Hc;
choice/ seeded,' 6%c.""'. \u25a0 '\u25a0', •••-
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8O12Hc; Walnuts, No. 1
fcoftshell. 9«io: No. 8, 7Hc: No.' 1 hardshell, Jc;
No. 2. 7c; Almonds 1.10140 for papershell, 10
Uc for softshell and 606c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 6®7o for Eastern: ilrasll Nuts, 12Q)HHc:
Filberts, VMS l2Hc ; Pecans, . 11013c; Coooanuts.
12013Vie for bright and - 10O
ll'Ao for light ambtr;; water .-whits extracted.
boSo: light amber extracted, 4©6o; dark, «c.
TbBlgSWAX-Migno P»r lb. , • ;
\ Provisions. ' .-
Chicago 'was weak again, and lower on the
day.- The cash demand wm, reported unsatlsJ
factory. Receipts of Hogs show, a tendency to
. Ll ' n This"n>arket was quiet and unchanged. There
Is no \u25a0 further- talk of ' advancing prices Jn ; th«
faca of the weak Chicago situation.;: ;> r
" CURED ' ME ATS— Bacon.': UVio ;- per '. lb for
heavy, il)ViO18c for light medium. 14o for light.
16c for extra 'light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14(114 *4o; California
, Exchange and Bullion.
Hterllng Exchange. «0 days _ f4 S4<. (
Sterling Eschange. sight — 4KH
Bterllne Cables — 4 »7^
New York Exchange, sight — ;^
N*w York Exchange, tflegraphlo — 10
Silver, per ounce — , t;%
Mexlcon Dollars, nominal.... « O 47)»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign market* continued firm.
Antwerp showed the n>*t signs of. uneasiness
over the Arcentlne sltuntlon. which is reported
critical.^ by advancing Kllghtly. Liverpool fu
ture.* were firm, b\it ' Paris luturcH were un
changed. . ? j •.{, • " . . •
\u25a0 Chicago opened weaker on indifferent cables,
but according to wires to.Bnlton, De Ruyter
& Co. the .market was moderately active.
Everybody was disposed to wait for more defi
nite Information regarding the Argentine situa
tion. Wall street and the Corn crowd, were
both In the market as liberal buyer*, export
ers have been free buyers on both coasts . for
•several days. -. .
'Thin market wns active on coll. opening
higher, but falling back. Thero was no chant*
in shipping de«crlptlon». -j - ,
•Spot j 96Ke: milling, SS%o
©»1 C2',i per ctl. ... . ,
. CALL BOARD 8ALEB.
Informal flesslon-»:lfi o'clock— December— 2000
ctl«. 90',ioj 4000, l)3M,c: 2S.000. OitKci'May-M.OOO,
|1 04>«: 20C0. 1104; 12,000. SI 0*%.- - , -.'. '^T
\u25a0 Second Session— December— 10,000 ctla, S9Uo:
4000. We; M«y-4ooo; »i cs%.. ., m \u25a0 , \u25a0 *.
ncjtular Morning M«sslnn — Docemher— U.000
ctls, »9c; Mny-10,MO. $1 03%. . ,,-.-,!
nARLEY— There Is nothing new In this mar-,
ket. which remains quiet.- ,.., .*\u25a0- .; l: . .
Feed, 7Ji4©78^4o tor choice bright, .70071140
for No. 1 and «7Ho tor pft trades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, ,77V»©82Hc; \u25a0 Chevalier, <6cO
tlOi per 'ctl,' i v ' •
' \u25a0 CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 0:W o'clock— No' "salts.
'•Second Session— No sales. -, . ' ,
Regular Morning Hcmilon-No sales. ' \u25a0 • , ,
OATH-Th« market continues firmly held but
dull. '. Offerings ars \u25a0 sufflclent' for all - current
"tlrays. $1«1 20; whltBs, fl 15O1 30; black, %ltm
lto, and red, ,11 0501 20 per. ctl. .; , • • . T
CORN— The market -In unsettled, a*, the Im
pending arrival of now crop California, render*
buyers . disposed to hold '\u25a0 off. \ wnall - round yel
low, - to arrive,*: Is ' wanted \u25a0 at 'SI 40 Did, with
no sales. Largo yellow is quoted at $1 60. ' ThS
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Oct. 19.-F1>OUR-Rscelpt».
TiM.t barrels: exports. 14.307 barrrls; . quiet,
Winter patents, $3 RO«JJ 76; winter «tr>i'r!it«.
$1 Wn* 40; Mlnnenota patent*, $3 6:,QZ ti- do
extras, j: iV>{f2 M»; Minnesota bnkem', 12 wa
3 20; winter low grades, ?2 now 2 40.
WHKAT— Receipts, 62.7RO bushels; exports.
S(.$24 Inishels; spot market firm; No. 2 red,
"S'ic t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 7A>/tc
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened lower In re
«ponse to disappointing cable*, later recoveicd,
cloning firm and Vtc net higher. , May, 79 7-lS4%
SOc. cloved *Oc; December cluscrl 77%o. .
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 1901
crop, 12filo<ic; l»C0 crop, HflMc. Paciflc Conut,
1901 crop, U^lSHc: 1900 crop,, 9«}14o.
HII>EH-8teady. Galveston, 18c; Callfomla,
19Hp; Texas. 14Hc s
\V<JO1*— Pt^ady. Domestic fleece, ZoOiZtc;
Texas. Ke 17c.
COFKKK—Hpot-Rlo. utrong; No. 7 Invoice,
«Hc;. mild, sK-nrly; Cordova; 7Uc Coffee
futures. I'loppd steady with a net rfae of 20 to
2*. points. Ti.tHl sale*. 72.100 hagn. November.
fS »;:.!?> r, os: I>ecemb«r. |S imi«6 20; January. S6 05
, OiR 2»; March. }• 20#« 45; May, M 4023 65;
June, f6 WM 7fi; September,' $6 70(96 W. \u25a0 ,
SUOAIt— Raw, firm; fair refining, t B-ie©
i%a; Centrifugal. M test. U-Wf/3V; molnoMii
KUgnr, 3 l-l«r. Refln<x1 mi«nr atoady. No. 6.
4.£<>c: No. 7. 4.40c; No. 8. 4.2On; No. >. t 25r;
No. 10. «.20c; No. II, 4.1Bc; No. 12, 4.1Bc: No.
13. 4.05c; No. 14. 4.05«:; standard A, 4.90c; con
fectlonerii' A, 4.90e; mold A, 8.46c: cutlcsf,
5.60c: cruthed, w.60c: powdered, 5.30c; granu
int^d, R.lOc; rubes, 5.3Sc.
! HOTTER- Receipts, SSOO packages. fitat«
dairy, ll^Zlc: oreamerv ic»22c; June oream
ery, 17©21Hc: factory. 12Vi<f?10c. . i
. Ktl(5B-llf<!elfili>, 4247 imrkng»«; : «t"<idy;
Weitt<Tti, iHiidlfd. zHjv: uncandled, 16921c.
, UHIED FIIU1TS. •-
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady. v Htate, ; ccm
mon to good, <%Sc; i/rlme, ftvic; . choice, 8c;
fancy. 9WfiSVie. . (4 - .. v . ,-, ,
i.'allfoi 1. U dried fruits were quiet' and un
changed. . .*. . ... • . ,,
I'RIJNEfl— I*4S»7c. •'•.?..
APRICOTS-Roysi, IViOUf i Moorptrk, IfflZc.'
PCACUEB-Peeled, 11018a; unpeeUd, , 6®lHc.
Imports of Specie. '
Import* ef specie at this port during the j
tSr»» nine mccthe of the year were tl4.4SC.SS2. j
asaissi 115,553,060 for the same time last year,
the descriptions being a* follows Gold bul
liot.. J3.3T:.C30 f gold coin. JS.46S.0T2: silver bul-
Uon. $1.*3S.:SS; silver coin, $3*2.4M.
The leading source* wer* as follows. Mex- i
»w>. n.7n.447, 4,ueir»lia *S.r?4.:5<- Jarvin. ;
K.OTT.SIJ.
Bank Clearings.
<"\u25a0»\u25a0 bank cleanngs dunng the past week
were B2.3&S1, against MS ?n«.55e •lurlnK the
»«ra« »-«^k last year
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advice* irem Xetr Tork say:
Supplies of new currants were increased
aN>ut 320C hhtt Saturday by the arrival of
tbe Pcwhatan but quotation^ were unchanged
tor Arnaliae at aVc for bble and 5W<- for Pro
visclals MTtth the Hesperla's cargo, the tctal
receipts of new currants for the week were
*4;.preximatel> S430 bbls and total receipts for
ir># rr»;i tn the neighborhood nf 5700 tons or
T~i SOS bbia. Demand wat fair.
A (an amount of buftoees it believed to
nave beett done by outside raisin men during
tn* week in new «<?«*ied raisins at «c and 6i»c
\u25a0 { ' r b coast, tor choice and seeded. Prli-es
•\u25a0•*• cuaranteed t*y seme eellens, tt is under
fit ood. NotMne hsd heen heard of quotations
b» the association r>acker» up to the general
clcvin* of business taturSsy. but the talk in
tbe irad* was stiil of 3c and s^c for new
see-ied A few cars- of new loose Muscatels
were reportea confirmed early in the we»k at
S*»t and 4'»c for I-rrown and 3-rrown. but
tLere were nc farther sale* at that t.a.'i« later
on. so far as cau be i<»arn<=d. Seeded rrlrlns
or. spot were tn quite active demand from 7'»<i
7^c and there »a» eome Inquiry for loos*,
with virtually none offering on the rj«)i.
Prune* were quiet CSI spot but new prunes
w^re rep^^ed to bt having fom* sale. New
BSJtta Claras were rumori^i to have sold at a
3< basis. Apricot* and reaches were slow.
Evaporated apples were quiet on tne t-pot.
FrlmF State stock. October- November, took a
liitle ej.urt about the m!<5<l!e of the w*«k.
•a'.es Wins reported at Vic The market wm
msier at the dose, til? Jf »'»c being solicited
with buyers showing rery little Intrust, i
Blackberrips are very scarce *xA •ic higher.
•*£h» market f"r tigs was slightly firmer as
ix r-isalt of Friday"* sale, when prices on any
• th:r:g good did a trifle better. Some demand
«!• noted lur iasicy ausIUy. but a* a g-nt-ral
prr io*IUon ng» were Ihtie wanted Colder
n-athor !* ne*d'-<l to bring al*ut any re«l irn
pMrcmeat in the article. Trade In all the
\u25a0:nripal lines of n-jt5 sh"«M good activity.
!\. j enjp cuts are teglr.nlr.g 10 come in.'
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian- Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO Oct. r»-» p- m.
Tbe following are 'he seasonal rainfalls to
date £• n-tnpared with these of sam» dat» la«t ,
and rainfall in last twenty- four hour*:
Last This Last
24 Hours. Season. Season.
c-L-eka 00 4.31 4.W
MBW «0 1-93 I«
" eicrtmtato f^ ••* \'~
Sar. Francisco 00 .JZ 1.43
y r c 9Ttr) 00 .5^ -4*
lnd^*T>o»nce 00 .m -|4
. San. Luis Obl»po 00 .» •*;
..l.cs Angela «> -12 \u25a0=-
8an D1e«;o « .06 .»
?an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
m eclnteum. 52; mean. I*..
The following maximum ana minimum t»m-
Mnturai were reported from Eastern station*:
Boetoa 52-40: Cincinnati. «0-5/>; Washington.
i4-M; Jacksonville. 72-i«; New York iO-44;
Kansas Oty. afl-44; Omaha. «-«: Duluth. .2-«;
Salt Lake Oty M-4S: Chicago. M-12; at. Louis.
M-O: Pbtladelphta. £2-40.
' THE COAST REX--ORD.
- > * x -
ETATIOX. i fffi p-i =' ?
% :sii |i y %
Daker Z».l* 79 40 NW rtear .00
Astoria 30.12 CMS Rain .12
Carson 30.16 70 40 N Clear .<*
Kureka 80.24 tt it SW Cloudy .«•
Fre»no JO 12 78 54 NW Clear .00
FiagstafT 30.2<» « M HE Cloudy .0©
Pocatello. 14aho...».14 70 M W Clear .00
In<J^pen<5once 29.W 74 54 KW «Jlear .<»0
Is*, ArgeJe* 30.C2 70 54 W Oear .00
Pboestx 2>.M M CO N Ht.ady .'«
Portland 30.14 72 **> SW Cloudy .00
K*"i Bluff 30.12 U £2 W Clear .00
P.«^^bur«r V). 1« 7< M W Pt.Cldy .'•»
Sacramento 30.14 78 50 E Pt.CJdy .<>"
fislf Lake 20.12 M 48 W Oear .00
P*n Francisco Vi.Vi (A 54 W Oear M
Han Luis Oblspo... 30.1* 78 48 W Clear .00
Ssn mego S0.« «« M NW Clear .00
BcattW *> 12 W S» HE Rain T
BpOkJUM 50.14 72 40 8 Pt.Cldy .00
N>ah Bay M.W E* .. E Rain .J4
Waila Walla 20.12 76 12 SW Pt.Cldy M
Winnemu'ca 20.12 72 4? NW Cl»ar .00
yuma 2S.8S tt M 8 Cl»ar .00
Temperature — 7 a. ro.. £7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance has appeared off the
northern coast and rain Is falling from the
rr.outh of the Columbia River northward. The
vttuan has fallen slightly at Neah Bay and
also at Los Angles, fog prevails along the
<rm*X from Point Conception northward.
Xh^ weather remains fair and mod^rat'-ly
warm In the gr*st valleys. Conditions during
1ne week have be*a favorable for raleln mak-
r Kore' i ast msde at t?an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October ». VjOU
Vorthem California— Cloudy an<l unsettled
wo-ather Sunday, with fog along the coa*t ajid
1'rht rain In the extreme northwettern iw
ti-jn; fi*»ih southerly wind.
fiouthem California-Cloudy Sunday with
frj« along the coaet In tbe morning: fresh w»st
'^evs'oa-Falr Sunday; light northerly winds,
ftan Francisco end vicinity-Cloudy Sunday,
with fog In th* morning; light southerly,
changing to
Forecast Official.
Hams, 18tfc: Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess. $11; Family. $12 60: Prime Mass Pork.
SIS; extra clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound. ,-
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 7%Q8c per 1b for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
12 Vic; 10-lb tins, 12*4e; 6-lb tins, 12T4c; 3-lb tins.
ISo.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. I0%c: threa
half-barrels, 10',ic; one tierce, lOftc; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. : .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and X H ops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. Uc; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9 ',4c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip. 9lsc: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted 'Calf. 10®
10V4c; Dry Hides. 16©16%e; Culls. 14c; Dry Kip.
ice; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15©30c each; short Wool,
4C@6oc each; medium, 50@75c: long Wool. 80c@
%\ 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, %Z 8OQ3 75 - for
large and$2®2 25 for medium. $1 75 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, $1 25@l 60 for medium. $1 23 for small
and 60c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. SOc; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime .Angoras,
76c; large and smooth, 60c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW-Reflned, Vie; No. 1 rendered, 60
EHc per lb; No. 2. 4®4%c; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring 1900 or 190%-Southern. defect
ive, 7 months. 7©8c: Oregon Valley fine. 14®
15c; do, medium and coarse, U@i3c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll®13c; do, fair to good, 9fii
Uc: Nevada. 10®12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. $44®$Hc; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7Vi@9c; Middle County, 8910c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective. 8®9c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll©12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10o for fair and ll@Hc per lb for
food to choice.
• San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new to report. Receipts are
average and prices are. fairly steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
aro as follows:
BEKF-6&6WC for Steers and Bffafto per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%«8%c; small. 80*c per lb,
MUTTON- Wethers. 6H®7c; Ewes. K86*c p«r
pound.
LAMB— 7©8c per lb.
PORK-Llve Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs. ;'Mjpv»c; teeders. ; sows. 20 per
cent on!; boars. 30 per cent off. and stags, 40
per cent tit from the above quotations; dressed
Megs. 7J4«aP»c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
\3:'<U3Sc: Fleece Twine, 7H@Sc; Fruit Bags, b-uif
tfec for cotton and ~&V£c for Jute. '
COAL— Wellington. l» per ton; Southfield
Wellington. }»; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $« 60; Coos
Hay. Jj £0; AVallscnd, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
J9; Cumberland. $12 SO in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Hi: Can
nel. SI 1 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 *S
per *>ou lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand.
RICE— China. No. 2, $4 HQA 20; No. 1. $4 70®
4 90: extra. $3 1C®5 64; Japanese. $5 25Q«; Louisi
ana. $4 25436 75: Hawaiian, nominal.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
74c: raw. 72c: cases. 5c more; Lucol. (4c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. SSc; cases. SOc:
China Nut. C5Q72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Eperro. pure. 65c:
Whale Otl. natural white. 40943c per gallon;
KUh Oil. In barrels. 37fec; cases. 4:v,c: Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels. 63Hc for Ceylon and SSVjc for
Australian.
COAL OIL- Wster White Coal OH. In bulk.
l.V-c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c: Zlalne, 25c: Eocene. 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: In
cases. 21Hc; Bensine. In bulk. 14c; In cases,
204c: S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; in cases.
264c.
TURPENTINE— 6S4c per gallon In cases and
S2c In drum* and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-Ib bags-.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c; Pow
dered. 4.75c: Candy Granulated. 4.75c: ' Dry
Granulated. 4-SSc: Confectioners' A. 4.«Sc: Fruit
Granulated. 4.«c: Beet Granulated UOO-lb bags
only). 4.45c: Magnolia A. 4.23c; Extra C. 4.15r:
Golden C. 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc more: SO-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*, half
barrel*. 6.15c: boxes. 6.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 60 per cent of Beet Gugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER W.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.641 Hops, bales 173
Wheat, ctls S.440 Wool, sks 123
Barley, ctls 7.35. Broom Corn 3
Corn, ctls 504 Raisins, boxes.... 500
Sugar, ctla. ...... S0.4S Hides. No 273
Tallow, ctls .... 220 Felt*. Mis 157
Beans, sks ...... 12.179 Quicksilver flks.. 33
Bran, sks 1.450 Leather, rolls ... 17:
Middlings, sks .. 776 Wine, gals 2I.KW
Potatoes, iks .... tOlS Hay. tons S6K
Onions, sks 47 Straw, tons ...... 6
\u2666 —
STOCK MARKET.
A BRISK SATURDAY'S BUSINESS. WITH
CONSIDERABLE FLUCTUATION.
For Saturday -business was very brisk on the
Bond Exchance. There were a good many
vmall sales of Market Street Railroad, rang
ing from 2 ti> iJ hares, at $S3 73'ffUO. a slight
decline from pr«..ous quotations. Giant Powder
wm higher at I7G S0Q76 Ti. the advance being
caused by a rise In the price of powder Id
several sections, which Increases the company's
profits. The sugar stocks were flrrr. and Hono
kai soil up to til 124. Gas and Electric was
easy at U* ?34?4I S7>,. Spring Valley Water
was firm at M9 BO on account of the more
confident expectations In regard to the litiga
tion over water rates, both here and In Oak
land.
In the otl stocks Reed sold lower at 3S63Sc.
other chances being slight.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 57. US shares, valued at $23,121. the
principal salet being as follows: Bear Flag,
ism: Giant. 1000; Independence. 180O; Junction.
14.*00: Monarch. 10.SW; Reed. 13.605; Oil City.
40W: Peerless. UW: Lion. 16.623.
The Oil City Petroleum dividend. No. «, of
He per share, amounting to S2500. will be paid
to stockholders of record October IS on Novem
ber 1. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
8ATURDAY. Oct. 15—12 tn.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. .112 U2U 4s qr e (new). 1X9 140
4squar reg — 112 112H 3s quar coup..lOS^109<4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C Ss.lOSVilO? Oceanic SS Ss. 103*4 —
Cal-st Ss 118 — Omnibus C 6S.129U —
C C Water 5s.UU;il2Vi Pae G Imp 4s. — —
Kd L A P «s.. — 1314 PkftCH 6s.lO3 —
Fer * C II «s. — 122 Pk A O R 6s. 1:1 —
Geary-*t-&« — — Powll-st R «s. — —
HC*8 5Hs.. — — Sac K (i It in. W S8>4
Do 6s.. t 99 — S F * SJV 53.1224 —
Los An* R 5S.U7 117U sierra Cal (s.. — ' -
L A Light 6s.miVi — S P of Arts Is
Do gntd 6S..100 — (lMff) imtU3H
Do gntd 6s. .101 103 (1910) 114^4 —
L A & P ft..'.; — 103 8 P of Cal Ss
Do 1 0 m Ss.. - 123 (1906). Ser A.107 -
Mkt-st Cab «s. - 12SH (1905). Ser B.1CS —
Do 1 c m Ss.121% — (19O<> 100 —
N R of Cal 6s.U2S.U34 <lsl2> U9*i —
Do 6s.... 131H12* S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pao C ta.iom — c gntd 5s. ...Ill m
Do 8s A.. — .108 S P Rr Cal 6S.133H -
Nor Cal R 6s. Ill — S V Water 61.1114 —
Oak Gas 5«....1H*» — Do 4s 1M>- —
Oak Trans 6a.. 122 1»H - Do 4s Id m.. — ' 103%
- Do 1st c 5s.. — 113H Stktn Gas f»..154 — ,
Oak Wat s 5s. 105>4 — >
, WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77*4 77H]Port Costa (3 <S
Marln County. M — ' Spring Valley. SS SO
.: OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P.. — — Paciflc Light. 41 —
Equitable .... i% 4 Sacramento .. — — '
Mutual - 5«4 8 F O A E.... 44-H 44\
Oakland &0 S: San Francisco. 4U —
Pac Gas Imp. 41% 43 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
• INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.2W v — •
•/' • - ; BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 78- TOVilL P A A 1S8 ISO
Cnllfornlo ....40« 410 Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Oal Safe Dep..lOR»i — S F National. 130 —
First Natlonl.JlIVi — I
, SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1S83 * — Sav A Loan.. — to
Humboldt .... — ' — Security 8av..27S —
Mutual Sav... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 —
San Francisco. 523 — ; ,.
STREET RAILROADS. '
CaltfornK :....130 " - |O 8 L'& H.... 40 -
Geary — S" Presidio 31 . — ,
Market ...... ..'S3% »> I : - ;
, , % . POWDER. ,
Giant ........... HU I Vlfortt .-../.;.. 4 <u
' ;BUaAR.
Hana .......... 4 '5 iKllauea ......: 11 1^1
Hawaiian — bi Makawell ..... cs»; a»
Honokaa, 11H IS lOnomea — -^xz
Hutchlnson ... 16 46H<Faauhau ...... UVfc —
' MISCELLANEpUS. \
Alaska Pack ; . Ht J 142 I Oceanic S Co, 43 u 4«
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 , OS \u25a0 Pac Aux F. A. '\u25a0 »2 _
Cal Wtne Aan. 90 90 M, Pac C Borax..l«5 —
Mer — . J Par Paint .... is —
\u25a0 \u25a0•. 7S California Wine Association......... SO 00
- ; -85 Giant Powder Con.,..;. ...;.... 76 80
20 Giant Powder Con....:..... r... 78 75
,150 Honokaa 8ugar Company........... n 00 v
\u25a0 23 Ircnokaa Sugar Comparfy 11 12W
117 Market 8treet Railway. ......;......; SO 00
: 15 Market 8tre«t Railway... .".......... .-89 75 '
' 50 Market Stroet Railway S3 87U
r.0 Market Street Railway, b 6......... S9 87VJ
$6000 Oceanic S S bondn....V...'........f;...10S 7S -
tMOO 8 FAS J V. bonds.'. ;...v;. .-....'. .."..13 00 '
.5 HP Oas and Electric- Co............. 44 S7Vi
: . 8 S F Oaa and Klectric Co....... 44 75
•135 Spring Valley, Water, a SO S»60'
— * 6 Spring Volley .Water...............;. 19 to
13000 Spring Valley Ss(2d mortfage) IM SO
-,-\u25a0. Street— '•«>--< v; .--.-\u25a0.\u25a0• ? . \u25a0\u25a0.-, - »-• .
.60 California Wine- Association. ...... .J» »'.
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage)... W SO
PRODtJCETRS' Oil* BXCHAXOB.
Morning' Session.
Board—
200 Cala-Standard 23
1 Hanford 107 00
(0 Kern ....:....:...... 5 82^
2000 Lion, SCO 07
100 Peerless ( 12H
1000 Reed Crude 33
100 Reed Crude . 38
1000 Reed Crude, s 30 36
100 Sterling 1 33!i
MTXING STOCKS.
The following were the. sales In th* San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morals? Session.
2C0CaJedonla 33i 300 Ophlr 33
600 Mexican 20 500 Sierra Nevada. IS
700 Mexican 211
Th« following were the sales la the- FaclSa
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning 1 Session.
200 Caledonia, 33 200 Sierra Nevada. XT
200 Con Cal & Va.l 80 600 Standard 3 80
1000 Mexican 13 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
200 Ophlr S3 100 Yellow Jacket. 17
300 Ophlr ' 84
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 19—13 m.
Bi.l.Ask.l Bl<LAsk.
Alpha — 02: Justice 03 «4
Alta 03 03;Kentuck — 03 '
Andes 04 06,L,ady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 10 11! Mexican 13 2o
Best & Belcher IS 17 ! Occidental 04 65
Bullion 01 03 Ophir S3 M
Caledonia 32 33 Overman ....... 03 04
Challenge Con. 17 13:Potoel 06 03
Chollar 07 03 Savage 11 12
Confidence 70 72:Scorplon — 01
Con Cal St. Va.l 75 1 35-Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada. 17 13
Con New York. 01' — Silver Hill SO 33
Crown Point .. C6 ffT'St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con .. 14 — Standard 3 SO 3 S3
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 14 15 Union Con .... 1« 17
Hale & Norcrs 16 17 Utah 03 04
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 17 H
ritlentl> assumed that thib is due to reborrow
.!.„ utclaeut i'." ia.vnk'111 m sterling loans
twitch has kepi tM -Mn.i'.itr market .inn uu
Wetk In *IUWj ul ._.-»,<...> lliili'a.^.l supplies ot
ciitfcn anu x&eat UUi*. .-» luruua «n.i.UH»ai
IM t^.c tur nr.,ui iiv.il me i>.i...v 01 ciigianu
to-uay inuicates .1 •\u25a0onununiur iM tn.- Kina .»i
lian. !!»\u25a0>». in loii'ii'u UtametS wnicn n.is been
tfB{.«un£il>Ie tor emorvms t.us 1...-1114, jrt >u
Merlin* .can.- . rie inurkei clu»<M irregular
ana auil. itM ananatevi upwaru movement in
swclvs whlcn was inau 6 ur&i«d tn me latter pan
OI ld.-l \.c6iv ...»i- CltCvtkCU kl tile Lx-Kllllllllk Ot
ihU w«ek and ineie wna a considerable bacKscl
as a i«suli 01 me proat-takins by last HrcMC'tt
buyers ine rei>ort set anuat tasc wc«k
lns to the renewal ix extensive plans oc au
ui.ioikU conMnidalione in the tran«Cu4itinenlal
raitrvads were discredited by the einputeiic <it>-
BiaJn u. ni ontUttl bources. The disposition to
irn\» all the imi rumors which tea UM specu
lative luru;- «i uift spring seemed to awaken
uneasiness In the mtuus of some ot the great
nnancial powers, with the Sail rreseure upon
the money market still unrelieved «nJ the
eai.rt to awaKen an active uuli speculation
»»» dUcoumcea. ..iuch Interebt has b-'Vi
leit all through the week in the North
western raiiroau situation and there has been
tome denree "•*' excitement, although oc .1 *u,
prissea \u25a0 narncter. uwing to ewerecy maintained
us to the actuaj developments There ha»*
been many inuicatiuns that me situation in
that nVld is developing and changing, the most
lmi>rej»iv« ot whtca was the sudden activity
of Northern 1'a.cittc preferred In the stock mar
ket alter a period o( almoM absolute stagna
tion ever since the Northern faclnc contro
versy and th« resulting panic ot May 9. 1 h
public is quite umnifrnit-d as to wnat steps
have been taken toward a solution of lite
tangle which resulted irom the conflict for
control of Northern t'acinc, beyond the ap
pointment of the conciliation members of the
txmrd as recommended by J. P. Mur«ar> Tbe
task ot a. s«-ttlement. remained tor t-ii- con
ciliation beam to work out. Meantime the
situation, su tar as the public was Informed,
continued to be one of armed neutrality, with
each interest je«luusly guarding Its holdlnits
of securities to Insure tnelr advantage. The
liberal supply of Northern Pacific preferred
ctock which found Us way Into the market
on Thursday point**! unmistakably to a re
laxation of the solffltude with whlcto every
available share has been held after scouring
every security market In the world to secure
It. The prices to which the securities were
pushed by that wild scramble and the enormous
accumulation reflected In the volume of the.
transactions In them left no doubt that v«»i
amounts of capital has been locked up In the
struggle. Where the capital came from the
financial world has never known definitely.
No subsequent capital Issue by any of the rail
road companies concerned bw reveatled any
provision lor the money expended In the whole
sale purchafe of Northern Pacific stocks In the
open market st that time. Th« heavy bur
rowing* Irom foreigners since revealed by th«
sustained demand for foreign exchange with
which to repay them point to the conclusion
that much of tt has been carried by bank
loar.s here and abroad. The embarrassment o(
this condition Is obvious and was the basis
cJ the color given to last week's rumor of the
formation of a securit}* boldlns; corporation to
hold the eecutitPes of the ruads concerned ami
"release large amounts of capital." It Is not
dlRlcult to deduce that' this phrase deals with
the fact that a cort>oratlon which owned a
minority of th- stocks of trie«e roads would be
able tn offer a minority of Its own ktock to '
the public without losing that control, which
would be a multiplication of th* process used
In the control of the Rurlington by the North
ern Pacific. This Important problem and its
bearings on the money and exchange markets
have b»en the dominant Influence on the re
pressed speculation of the week. In the money \u25a0
market the renewed movement of currency j
to Southern i»>lnts has marked the belated
movement of cotton to market In lanre volume. ,
With the completion of the payments for re- I
denptlon of Government bonds under the '
Treasury iJepartment's late offer the re
quirements of the sub-treasury at New York
• have r*mn to maJce inroads upon the money I
market at/aln. The probable extent of the»e |
requirements is awaited to make clear the tu.
ton of the money market, which r-eemed to
l>* reassured list week, a number of special !
transactions also have to be considered. In- •
eluding the purchase of »20.0OO.fli» of I»enn- !
sylvanla Company bonds and a H0.CKO.0f>) pay
ment on account of th* landing soft coal com- I
blnatlon. Some uncertainty over the future of i
railroad earnings has been Indicated. The I
clouds of de*pon<len<->- seem'tn have lowered I
over the CSerman markets attain this week «m<l I
In Paris there has been null* an acute dis
turbance, rrowlng out of the upset In the cop- (
r*r markets in part, and Influenced a!so by 1
the prolonged Industrial crisU In Husula. In
which French capital |« heavily Involved. In
our own market the violence of ,the disturb- I
ance In the copper stocks has been mltlgnted. |
thouch the speculation In them continues fever
ish and I'nsettlcd.
Itallroad U,w)« and Investment securities gen
erally have te^n in Improved demand and have
risen In i-rtce.
Unlfd Stater Zp advanced '^ per cent over
the rloslnit ca'l of li»*t week.
NEW VOItK STOCK I.I8T
BJ»*— «»!»» Hlsh I»w Close
Atchlson i.vm 7d>4 77«4 7S
Afhlron ?fd 7W W»i «t| jMi'/j
iialtlmurr. h Ohio 20f) 1O2V4 102 H2
Haltlmor»- A Ohio prefd 92
Canadian Pacific 40ft 110'i 11«*4 1I0U
Canada Southern liw. h2*i H2'« 82
Chesai^ake e-. Ohio 100 ! 45«i 15U 4S
Chicago & Alton EM 37'; ifi, M%
Chicago ie Alton pfd 77H
• "hlcago. Ind * Iy»uls 40
("hgo Ind & I. -»u1s pfd "Hi
CbSTO A Kastem m |^
Chgo A Ornt Westfrrn. 2.7WI I3«4 23 ?3S
Chgo ft <; W A i.fd \»\ 88H M\ *Mi
Chxo A O W I) pM .... 44
Chgo & Northwfistorn... 2or» 201S 2014 200
<"hgo It I Ac I'ur-lnr VA HHi 141U 141
t'hif-t Term & Trans 100 S0»» 3OV4 20
(Thgo T«rm * Trans pfd W.' %
C C C A fit l/)u!« 100 97H 87% W7H I
Colorado Soutbem 1JVJ
Colo J-'.iuh-rn 1st pfd... 100 S4 £4 B3*t
Oolo Kouth»-rn 2d jiffl 23% ;
T»*lifW8re A Ifudson «00 J«S% 1W IM ,
Dei Ls<k A We»t-rn 22<'/4
ijt-nwT ft Rlr> Oranrte.. »i0 4I>,', 44 43"^
Denver & It O pfd 100 *2 fc 92 *114
f>le 4.100 41H 40% 41%
Erie l«t pfd t»K
' Krle M pfd ICO KSV4 fA'/i K5'4
i Orrat Northern pfd 500 1W<^ 1MV4 192V4
Ho.'klng Valley 900 £4 £4 M%
Hocking Valley pfd 74V4
Illinois Central l.l'-i U6K Wi W,%
lnra. Central 4<^0 41H 41H 4IU
Iowa f.fd 79
I,ak<- Erie A Western f.f)<4
Lake Krle & VV pfd ! ' 1?5
1/oulfvllle & Nashville.. 200 K.3H 102^ \D»%
Manhattan El«-v»ted 400 120"* 1OTV4 HK'/i
Metropolitan St «y W-0 IM',4 117 1S7%
Mexican Onlrnl 72H
i Mexican National 100 14% 14 14
Minn * St Ismls 2.S00 111 110 110
Missouri Pajinc 1.4M ft5'i !»4K 8S
Mo, Kansas A Texas... MO 2:.% 25% 25H
Mo. Karn * Texas pfd. 200 tA 4W t **%
New J<n»y Central 100 163 1C3 J<3
New Ywk Central 1,400 137 VAU, ir.«%
Norfolk & Western .... Mft
Norfolk & Western pfd M
Northern Pacific pfd....!0«.3OO 104 • 103% I04<*
Ontario A Western 1.80O Z*Si 31 33%
Pennsylvania 10«,200 147 14««i 146%
Heading. 100 4014 \u25a0 40% . . 40«fc
Heading lot pfd , .... 7<
Headliiif 2d nfd MV*
H: I»uIk & Hun Pran... 100 41U 41<« 41
St I>oul« A H P 1st pfd.' 77
Ht Ixmls A 8 P Zd pfd. 100 C"!»i 66% 6«%
Ht I»uls Kouthwestern 28%
8t I»ulfl 8wentrn pfd... 100 W,i W\ wj,
Bt Paul 7,S00 W,% 1C. 1WM
Pt Paul pfd ..... IM
(Southern Parlfle 7.900 t.9% t,B% t»%
Routhern Hallway 1,000 32% .12% 32%
Kouthern Hallway pfd.. 4'«o MH 8C% M%
Texos & FarldR 000 38% M% T.H
Toledo. St I/)Uls tt W '. .... 20%
Toledo. 8t I/A W pfd .... »S%
ITnlon Paclfln 10,4rt) 9»H , »«% 99%
trnlon Pacific pfd 200 $9 tt n
WnbHsh .... .... 11%
WfiUsh pfd COO S«H S«H 3«i
Wheeling «t Lake Erie .... .... 17%
Wheeling * I- R ?d pfd 2ft%
Wls'-nnsln Central .... 20
Wisconsin Central pfd 40%
Expms Companies-^ . '
Adams , .... .... IV)
American ..... .... ....Kit,
Kntted States. ,.... .... 88
Wells-Fargu ~ l«0
Bank clearings show a substantial gain for the week.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Brisk Saturday business on the Bond Exchange.
WHeat futures firm and more active.
Barley steady. Oats firm and Corn unsettled.
Hay trade still hampered by scarcity of cars.
Beans and seeds quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes weak, Onions steady and ] 7 egctables quiet.
Butter continues to shade off. Eggs slow. Cheese steady.
Tzi'o ears of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow. Game firm.
Fresh fruits show little change. Dried fruits dull.
Prolusions weaker again At Chicago.
Hides, Hops and Wool unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
A>iipcviianeous—
Amalgamated Copper... 100,300 92 89 "'. 91»i
American Car & Fndr>". 200 25U 25M - »5U
Amer Car & Fndry pfd *- so
American Linseed Oil . ...... °
Amer Unseed OH pfd !!" Au
Amer Smelting A Refng 600 44 43% 433?
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd * 97L4
Anaconda Mining Co... 6.700 37 8JTt jeS
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 1,000 • 61% 60% 60%
Colorado Fuel A Iron... 100 92V? m 924
Consolidated Oas lflo 2is 21S? 217%
Continental Tobacco pfd ..if. .... \u25a0". u 5 3
Oeneral Electric 100 257 »7 25«
H^rTg "ST -: hm iZ :-5S r
International Power.... 200 90 SsU 884
Laclede Gas 91
National Biscuit "•"; *-!"•' 43
National I^ad \u25a0 , '" i«u
National Salt " *1
National Salt pfd 64
North American 97%
Pacific Coast J .. 62
Pacific Mall 400 45 44% 45
Peoples 1 Oas 4.200 106H 105H 106
Pressed Steel Car 400 40v« 40% 40H
Pressed Steel Car pfd... ....' 8li?
Pullman Palace Car 2C0 21S 215 218
Republic Steel 15
Republic Steel pfd 65H
Sugar 7,800 12014 U<>H 12OV4
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 100 60\* 6OV4 60
Lnlon nag & Paper Co 15
Union Bag & I? Co pfd. *.... 70
United States Leather.. 1,900 U\ 12>4 12tt
V S Leather pfd 1.800 81* MV» 8H4
United States Rubber... SCO 16 15\t 1JH
U S Rubber pM 49
United States Steel 22.900 43<4 43^, 434
I' S Steel nM 1.400 93 92H 92H '
Western Unldn 200 91% 91»g 9l«J
Total sales J01.1M
NEW YORK PONDS.
U S ref 2s reg i*j 1, & n Unl 4s...."..10lU
Do coijp 1W (Mexican Cent 4s.. Sl«i
Do 3s reg .lOS'i ' Do 1st inc. 301, !
Do coup 10s .Mi nn & st I, 4>»....l03', !
Do new 4s rep..li9 iM K & T 4s 9»u
Do coup 139 I Do 2<1s 79'i
Do old 4s reg... .112 jN Y Cent lsts 103*i
Do coup ". .1X5 Do gen 3V»b 1097,
Do 5* reg lO6i;;N J.Cent gen 5s...lJ0«J
l>o coup 107*vNor Pac 4s ..104Vv
! Atch Ken 4s 103 j Do 3s 7ITi
Do adjt 4« y,\i Nor & W con 4s..lO2\i
B & O i* lOJim Reading Gen 4s.... 9«?»
Do ZMs M'4I8 L & I M con 5S.116
Do conv 4s U>tii» 8t L & S F 4s 95
Canada So 2ds 108V, St L S W lsts.... 9SVi
Cent of Ga 5s 107ii| Do ids 78U
Do 1st ino 714 S A A A P 4s...... 8-5't
C & O «Hs 107 So Pac 4s 9Z\i
' ChtcaKQ Ht A 3Hs.. 8M4 Bi> Ry 5s 119
C B & Q new 4s... 9S Tex X- Pac lsts....U9
C M & S P g 4«.110U T S L & W 4S.... 8H4
C * N con 7s 139^4 ;L'nton Pac 4s 103'i
C K I A P 4s 1*>*»; Do conv 4s 107*4
C C C & S L g 4s.lWh wabash lsts HJ'.j
1 Chicago Term 4s... S3 jWabash 2<ls 110
Colo & So *9 SKH| Do deb B S7S
D & R O 4s 1024 West Shore 4s 113
Erte prior lien 4s.. MW-W & I. E 4s 90'^
Do gen 4s 874 'WIs Cent 4s SS4
Ft W & D C l»ts..li)7HiCon Tobacco is... 64H
Hocking Val 44s..lO6\|
ROSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Bonds-
Call lrwns 3«»lWest End 9SV4
Time loans 4(/3i Westlngh EJec 71
Stocks— iAtchlton 4s 102^
Atch T & St Ff.. 78 JN E C.is & C &s.. ii
t*o prefd ?•?%. Mining Shares—
Amer S-igar 1204' Adventure 24I» |
Amer Tel 1374'Hlughain Mln Co.. J«;
Boston L '..166 ; Amal Copper 91**
Boston &\u25a0 Maine ..W3 l/^tiantlc 2S>i
Dominion Coal . ... 4" Culumet & Hrclni. -ST.".
Do prefd 7.. 117% Centennial 20*,
U S Steel M»« ilumlmMt 10
Do prefd 92H Osceola 10I 1 ;
Fltchburg prefd ..144 |Parrott 40
fien Electric 2C»4.iQulncy 1U
N E Oas * Coke.. (4 Tamarack 290
Old Colony SHS Utah Mining 3Vi
Old Dominion .... 2M 4 Wlnona 2'«
Rubber .13 |Wolv*rlnes W»»
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con » LUtl« Chief 12
Alice 4J!Ontarlo 10 7i
Dreece 1 40.Orhlr St 1
Brunswick * Con .. ll!Pho*nlx «l
Comstock Tunnel.. <-~ I'oin-l f|
Con Cal * Vm 1 ;i Siv»«» CS
Deadnood Terra .. f& Plrrra Nevada 14
Horn Silver 1 »3 Small Hopes «'
Iron Sllrcr ........ t) Btandaxd 3 »j
Lesd>1tle Con .... 05)
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK. Oct. l».— The statement of the
associated banks for the we~k ending to-day
shows:
Ix»ns. IS74.MJ.2OO; Increase. I4.WUM.
Deposits. SXS.ll4.lOO; Increase, tt.42S.2O>.
Circulation. 83l.37«.70O; Increase. WM.WO.
I>Kal tenders. J-^O. ««.«\u25a0•>; decrease. t'Cl.iXW. i
Specie. llSl.»4l.9f<»: decrease. 1S40.000.
Reserves. I251.74I.3W): decrease, tl 4H.l«». ,
Reserve required, t236.278.525; Increase, I6O$.3OI>.
Surplus. tlj.4«5.775; dt-creaae. (J.OK.toa
NEW YORK. Oct. 1».— The Financier sayn:
Th- movements of cash afTerllng th« bank
statement of last week, so far as they could
be traced, showed a loss to those Institutions
of I2.317.SOO. Transfers through the hub-Ttrai.
ury to the Interior, chtrfiy to St. Lout* and
New OTl^»n». imuunln) to $l.aJS.i»iO. while re
ceipts by the banks of new gold a.nd for hon>i£
bought by the Treasury amounted to U.Q73.30M.
making a net gain to the banks on these extra
ordinary vprrattona of the Sub-Treasury of
ll.v>x.3>">. The ordinary. Including fiscal opera- j
ttons. of that office resulted In a I<ji>* to the
banks of t3.114.3CO. Deducting therefrom th*
gain to the banks of tl. 6(3.300, as above, leaves
II. 446.(4) as the net -loss to these Institutions
through th<- Sub-Treasury. The Interior move
ments of won*y. exclusively of transfers, which
m.r- accounted for above, resulted In a loss to
the banks of IS71.&00. maktng the total trace.
able lo»s for th» week 12.317.000. The bank
statement showed a loss of It. 411. 100 cash, or
a little less than the preliminary estimate.
Is.nn* Irir-r-a*-.) H ')T.,:j«j. ' This was contrary |
to general ex|>ectatlon. a decrease having been {
looked fur. The. gain In this lt»m probably
reflected syndicate \u25a0Mirations, which were un
1! rtik-n during the week. l>*;»slt» shnvtcd an
Increase of 12. II5.Z0O. which amount very nearly
corresponded with the net gain In loans. lena j
Ioks of earn, and hence thv statement trch- '
nlcally proved. The surplus reserve decreased I
t2.Ol7.4(,v. reducing this Item to tlS.4K.775.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. -To-day'*' statement
of the Treasury shows: Available rash bal
ance, {I81.b41.U44; euld. .SlfO.ftl7.744.
London Market.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— Holiday on Stock Ex
change, llnney. 1©1V4 per cent, liar sll\er.
dull ot 26%d. • '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
day there was an Inclination to sell. The doubt
over the mount of damage done by the drouth
to the Argentine crop brought an uneasy feel-
Ing to the crowd, however; and 'December
gained activity and strength and sold at 71U<8>
71Hc. On the bulge commission houses sold
and the seaboard bought for export. Late In
the session profit taking eased the market and
I>ecember closed steady, unchanged at 70T%@
71c. • ••"\u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 v \u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0
Corn- was very dull and easier, owing to
lower cables, the bright, mild weather and the
poor shipping demand. December closed weak,
K<8*c lower, at 66%c.
Oats were quiet. December closed a shade
lower at 85»ie3i%c. , .
Provisions ruled a trifle easier on a declin
ing hog market. The trade was largely local
and moderate and almost featureless. Janu
ary pork closed 10c lower, lard and ribs 7ttc
lower. , .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— \u25a0 .
October 69 1 * 69T» 69 tf . 69%
December TO* 71% ' 70H 71
May 741* 74% 73', 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 54%
December r»G»i 66% 56'i D6V;
May 68* 68% 6SH 58V.,
Oats No. 2—
October 34«4 84% S4% S4%
December 85H 85^ 85H «5H
May 37V4 37% 87Vi 87H
Me»s Pork, per barrel-
January.. 15 15. 15 2H4 15 12« • 15 1214
May. ; 13 25 15 27 V*, 15 15 15 15
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October ..9 60 9 62H 9 374 9 87H
November 9 37^4 9 40 9 25 9 27Vi
January 9 05 9 07V4 9 C2\i 9 02%
May 9 071,4 9 10 9 024 9 05
Short HlbB, per 1C0 pounds-
October ....• 8 43 8 45 8 40 8 40
January IM 7 90 7 82»4 7 85
May 8 00 g 00 7 92V4 7 95
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: winter patents. $3 40^3 50; do straights,
$2 90tfr3 30;, do clears. $2 60<$3 10; spring specials.
S<: do patent*. $3 2S«T3 65; do straights, $2 Wf
3 10; No. 3 spring wheat. 6$>4(3684c: No. 2 red,
71H€l'72c; No. 2 corn. o6'$c; No. 2 yellow, 57c;
No. 2 oats, 36*,c: No. 2 white. 3SV4®3»^c; No.
3 white. 37%(ff38Hc; No. 2 rye. 56e: fair to choice
malting barley. MSJSHc: No. 1 (UxseiM. $1 ;>««
1 57; No. 1 Northwestern, SI 68; prime timothy
seed, $15 ."..Viilj 60; mess i>ork. per barrel, $14 S3
«H4 95; lard, per 100 pounds. *3 40^9 43; *hurt
rlb sides (loose) $$ SSft'S 50; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). V toe' "5; short clear sides
(boxed). S$ vn<a«; whisky, basis of high wines.
$1 33. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Klour. barrels 23.000 S6.0TO
'\u25a0 Wheat, bushels liS.Oflo 172.00O
i Com. bushels 175.000 42S.OOO
Oats, bushels 212,000 2t'O.0W
Rye bushels 7.0C0 '
Harley. bushels 106,000 SS.O">
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. MQ21c; dairy,
13015c. Cheese. S^lO^c. Kggs, firm; fresh,
Uc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 STs 5 10*4
Closing 5 8!» 5 10',
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 21 05 22 IS
Cloning 2100 22 13
Flour-
Opening 27 05 2S V
Closing 27 00 2$ IS
Nkv York Metal Market.
_
i NEW TOItK. Oct. 19— The market for
metals ruled very quiet to-day, ewlng to the
holiday at I^nndon.* Tin. was quiet at $21 ZZ®
24 60. Iz-n.1 dull at 14 37V4. Spelter quiet at
t*y>yi?6. Lake copper. !l«»VulT: casting.
IIS 3T'-' ; i IK «:"-,. Iron, dull at »»:<•?/ 10 £/\u25a0 for!
plglron warrants: Xn. 1 Northern loundry. ?C{? j
18: No. 2 foundry. Southern. Ill 50015 50. No.
I foundry, Southern soft. tl4 50016.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. -Cotton closed dull. 5
to 7 points lower.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Thevjmports of dry
goods and merchandise st th? port of New
York this week were valued at flQ.2re.797; the
Imports of specie were $12,873 gold and 137,214
silver.
The export* of spec!* from- this port to mil
countries aggregated 1*11, <MS In sliver and
K10.K0 gold. . .
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO*! Oct. 19.-CATTLE— Receipts. 10.
0CA. Including 47i T»xsn» and £00 Westerns.
Steady, quotations nominal. Rood to prime \u25a0
steers. \u25a0!« 1P«« SO: poor to medium. S3 7J«5 30: i
storkers and feeders. 12 23tf4 25; cows and I
heifer*. $ltj4 7S: canners. lio: 2i; bulls. I! TW i
4 tP; calves. iZV« •'\u25a0>: T**as steers. V vn3 ::..
\V»«i»rn steers. %3 fiO06 SO.
HOGf^— Receipts. IS. 000. Slow and weak to:
he lowrr than yesterday. Mixed and butchers, i
*i 4' U '. 60; k'h»1 to choice heavy. IS *0&t. ft»; |
rough heavy. IS 7ofi<S; light. IS *•&« V): bulk of \u25a0
sales. IS 90Q< 20.
SHEEP- Receipts. WCM. Steady. Fair to
choti«i iiiUi-J. U VO03 40: Western shetp. S3O
4 4ft; native lambs, i: 'J H 1 75; Wrttern lambs.
u ::.y 4 :o. 1
BT. JOriKPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. 13.— CATTLE— fte.«elp»«. !
200. fteady. Tcxans unl Westerns. }2 T.'.ii
i 90; cows and heifers, Ji 'jsw, U; bulls, sings. I
etc.. |2fl3: stockers and feeders. II .'* t il 30.
HOC*- Receipt*. SKA Market weak to ,'c .
lower. Piss, firm: light ami llrht mixed. *«T*(r
6 :*>; mlvrJ ind heavy. %i 4^6 60; pl«s. fl 50tf
« 10.
BHKKP-Hecelpts. none. I^ambs. $J SMj4 T);
jcarllngs. II li'«J '•v: wethers, Uy3 «n; rwes.
t! r:«3 15.
Portland's Business. '
\u25a0 I
PORTLAND. Oct. W.-Oon rings. »i22.S71; bol- |
arum, J ."»".. B»3.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. ' i
PORTLAND. Oct. 19.— WHEAT— Wnlla Wai- I
la. WOWjc: Valley. Sfc; Ulue Stem. 16<4o.
WAS1UNOTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 19.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blu« ;«i'm, SSc; Club. o4c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 19.— Silver. »%<!: French
rentes, inof SOc; cargoes on passage, firm but
not active; cargoes Walla Walln, 27s W»4jd;
Eii(llsh country markets, firmer.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. lf>.— Whoat. steady: No.
I standard California, &9 'j'^1;i:.h 10d:\vheut In
Paris, steady; flour In Parla, steady; French
country maikets, ftfndy; weather In Kng
land, fine.
COrrON-L'plands. 4 :i-Kd.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL!
31
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
OCEA2J TBAVZZb
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\u25a0 .' Steamers leave Broadway
Wharf, San Francisco:
Hfi^a^ for Alaskan ports— II a. a..
Oct. 3. 3. 13. IS. 23, 23. Nov. 2.
Change to company's steamers
at Seattle.
; Hf^|! \u25a0 For Victoria, VancoareT (B.
psWnil c.). Port Towssead. Seattle.
•^ Tacoisa. Everett and New
Wnatcom. CWash.) — 11 a. m..
Z Oct. 3. 8, 13. IS. 23. 28. Nov. 5.
. \u25a0 Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. By.; at Vancouver
to a P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4. 9. 14.. 19, t*. », Not. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gelea)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. S a. m.
For Los Angeles, caning- at Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneroe. East San Pedro and San Pedro
—Steamer Corona. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For nr.eenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mw «»tian, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
- For further Information obtain tite company's
folders. . . » :
- The company reserves the right to Changs'
steamers, sailing - days and hours ot sailing,
without prerous notice..
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R, St N. CO,
Only »f am sihlp Ttl-n» So
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short RatI Line from Portland to aM
points) East. Throafth tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail* at
BTXAXIK TICOT3 DICLuDS BXBTHsai MtlLB.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .Oct. IS. 25. Nor. i. Is. 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
: Sails Oct. 20. SO. Ncrr. », 1». »
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y, 8. F.
TOYO KISBN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILI* LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and:
connecting at Hongkong wltn steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU - •
-Wednesday. October 3. UOt
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November Is, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December U, W01.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofllc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
. . W. H. AVERT, General Agent.-
AMERICAN LINE.
KIT TOUT, SOwTEAMJTOJf. LOITDON, TUXk
Stopping at Cnerbourg. westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paal Oct. W|St. Paul ........Nov. 20
: Friesland Nov. <| Haverford ......Nov. 37
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13| Philadelphia M ..Dec. 4
RED STAR LINB.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Oct. »| "Vaderland Nov. 2f»
Friesland ....... Not. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. li[*Zeeland Dee. 4
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..-
CHAS. t>. TATLOR.
Oeneral Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. Pier 10. llm.-- * * »
LOA ".......Oct. KIPALEN'A .......Nov. 25
PERU Nov.' SlCOLOMBIA ....Dec 1
Theso steamers ars built expressly tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Arapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SKS California street.
. BALFOUR. OUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
DAUAU1 D D STEAMSHI?
rANAIYlA It. Hi line
TO NEW YORK VU PANAMA DIRECT.
\u25a0 Cabin, $106: Steerags. $40: Meals Free*
5. 6. Argyll . «all« Tuesday, Oct. 22
S. 8. Leelanaw salts Monday. Oct. 38
S.S. Argyll «\u25a0 sails - ; . \u25a0 - '
From Little- Mall Wharf. Pier 33. at 3 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st,»
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. -\u25a0: L%:J t
0CCMiCS.SX0.S°Si
S. S- SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck- :
land and Sydney..Thursday, Oct. H, 10 a. nv
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .-. .
, Oct. 11. 10 a. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.....
..............Saturday. No»". J, t p. m.
J. B.SP3EGXELS ft UOS. CO.. fismm jtaMts. 317 ImW H
t*n Peary CT*taiBrttsuTii7ifc \. rtcgga
CO film S QKSIR ALS . nAHUTLLNTIQOS
DIRECT LINB TO HAVRE-PARIS, l^^^ ,
Sailing every Thursday Instead' ot -&
Saturdsy. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. «^bb111»»»
North Klver. foot of Morton street- - _ ' .
First class to Havre. ITO and upward. Second
claw tn Havre. K*> and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN- *
ADA. SC Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
Tork. . J. F. FUOA2I A CO.. \u25a0 Pactno Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avsnue. San Francisco.
Tlcltets sold by all Railroad Ttckai Agents. :\u25a0
BAT V : ''Alil> f .jBXyBB' - STSAMSXtS. .
FOR U, AHDAVALLEJ3
. gtaamin GIN. : FRiSBIB or MONTICILLO
. 9:45 a." m.; S:T5 and S:M p. m..' except gun-
i day. -' Sunday, \u25a0 9:45 ' a, * m.. S :30 p. m. \u25a0- L»s>ves l
/Vallejo 1 ' a. . ».,"<, 33:30 noon/ < p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m... 4:15 p. m. F»r» so
cents. . .Telephone \u25a0 Main ISOi. .Landing and
office. ' pter .1. .i , Mta»lon-st. » dock. ,;-- \MATCH i
bko8.^.--- •'- - • •> \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-•. \u25a0.\u25a0-..-'v*; *;• T \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 v. -.«
AUCTION SALES
NBW LOT
FORTY CHF.AP "O88E«
HEAD 1^ dU»T ARRIVED.
JOHN H. HAX.T0N at Chase- ft Co.'s Sales-
yard, 1732 Market street. ' .
ft* AUCTION SALE. &*
Forty head well-broke, gentle drlvlnj and
work horses; all beauties; catalogues, now
ready. Sal» Oct. 23. 11 a. xn.. Occidental Horsej
Exchange, 721 Howard street.
jib). • fe
. TUESDAY. Oct. 22, 11 o'clock, at U40 Folscci
St., I will sell 23 all-purpose horses. 3tt sets
'single and double harness! and a large assort-
ment of wagons, buggies, carts, saddles, etaTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
32
CLAIRyOYANTS^^Contln-ed.
BE sure and read of ISMAR'S wonderful
: power on page 14 to-day. •
MME. E. SANDERS, 127 Mason st. medium
and palmist ; teaches mind vibration, - the
greatest secret on earth. To business men,
untold wealth, reunite . lovers and brings
home absent husbands, sons or daughters. >
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
- past and future; never fallti; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215H Sixth.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
• HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the cojut;
he succeed* when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Sc card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents |1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egypyan Gypsy, clairvoyant- and
pahnlxt. permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. ni. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
j CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. L'62 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c.
gents .".Op. 'J.M MIhkIuu, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c: gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MKLyiLL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. liautnann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from SI 5 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MMFS. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader:palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 2.'>c. 1141 Mission, over store.
MME. KCHAKFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. iW; 2 Jpnrle St.. bet. 3th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice: names given; 25c up." & Fourth st. "
MRS. MALLORYTSn Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit can! rea'ler; connult me. -
CA Rl'ET n EAT IXC AX P _ CLEAK1X G.
WHEN you befonift disgusted with r,O»»r work
»end to S!*AULDlN<Vti Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning. 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
; PARP.Y. lSlUj Market «t.; phone Mint 1095.
j AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
: 3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th St.; tel. Capp S42.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co..««2 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; U-l. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior CarpH-cleanlna; Works,
: 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12«.
CITY Steam Carpet -beat Ing Works. G. H.
STEVENS Msr.. 18-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 24ft Fourteenth »t. : tel. Mission "4.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency^No
lets successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
: COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
i Vt. 91< Market. Advice free: tel. Red S211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
»6— COTTAGE, i rooms; worth 112 In city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Sliver St.. off Tblrd.
2 DEXTISTS^ :.-,
A-DR. T. S. H1GGINS, 927 MarkeTTtreeC
Emma Spreckeis building. Reasonable prices
I for painless dentistry; pure gold nil(ng $1 50:
artlticlal teeth, on plate, look natural and
> guaianteed. Is up; a good metal plate 115;
: gold and porcelain crowns. S3 to 110; teetb
without pUte; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S03 Mar-
ket sL. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done palnleaaly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
, 13 50 up; plates, extractions free, tl 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday*. 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D._Mana ger.
. KIGHT prizes for best crowns, places, bridges
ami fillings; extractions or flltlnga by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
ivperiencc; nu siuUeius: aavlce free: prices
; c.Ii»»f««t and guaranteed: lady attendants.
r»R. OKORGn XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 2v years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
Vic; plates. -15. full set: all work patnles* and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, ti Sixth.
AMALGAjf fillings. II; silver (tiling*. aOc: gold
or iiurcelain crowns, |.»; »*t of teeth. 17;
teeth extracted t'alnlessly. New York Den-
tbts. %i Mission St., BE. cor. Sixth. '
AT Idea! Dental Co.. C Eddy St.— Work done
on Tvtfkly ln»tallmrnt»: lowest rates.
YOU can *ave 40 |>er cent en dental work by
goins to Pit. imOWN. ii Sixth sL
PA HIS Dental Parlor*, in Krarny. cor. Rurh—
KuH.net of t«*th. $»: crown*. 12: nllinc*. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNO. ISU'Potfc it.
Uit. R. L. WALSH. SKti Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
!»»< extrnctlon SCe: plat«-« |i up: Phone Polk HE.
DR. II. O. TltCMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
• arnlner bulliilrpt: formerly In Murphy bMc.
DETECTIVE AGEXCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 619. Exam-
iner bulldtns: telephone John 3M; reliable
work and oiliclmt service guaranteed.
not; hospitals. 1
DR. CRKKLY'S C. P. dug soap by •Irucgiiits
or at the Hunpltnl. S13 GoUt-n Gatfe u\e.
DnESSWAIiCKS AXP . SEAMSTRESSES
iULHjwiii.i, Ure»»ro-king & Miiimvry richoo!—
Class rate*; pattern! cut. 10U Market st.
FREN'CU aocordlnn and Knife i.lratlnx. WM.
PILOER. Ill l'o«t. over O'Connor* MnfTait.
EULCATlOiV\L. )
UtiALDb MV.1HJUL or' KLEuTrUCAL K.NUt-
NK— UilNG— 'ilieury. iK-iuunolratlon. construc-
tion; lauuratuiy anil *iu.|> motk; ibwrtMiynty
practical; tu>> «na nlgtit. ;* l\st at., t>. «•'.;
taUliCue frte.
AT the \Yom;:>'» Educational and Industrial
I "till. n. 7 Vull Niks ar«.*-_SeKli*h, rrniili,
Oiinmn, Sitanlth. 1 1. nuxraphy, m.ir..!i>lin.
violin. KUittir, b.tnj>... hiiiurvMins. ninin.-ur-
I11K. ilii'i-biiinK.iiK, iniiuncry, clucutinn and
1-aint.iiK irtimlit icr >1 ,.'i pir niurtth; singing
ut clu** fl 1'»t month.
AVHKS' I.'-mllnK ltunln e>« College. 13$ Mr rk(?l- \u25a0
M> |>er iii'.iuli; »."•" Hi" Kcholaretili> gU'trHiitecn a
umiplUi- buMltK'HM education; uliui tluinil. typ-
I iik', Itookkrvuiiig, urlt iiuu-tii-. peninanshii>,
:-|.i-llii,i,. .>\u25a0;..! iils-h, etc. : i-xi-rlriu. <| te&cht-rs;
. n«w l> |.rwrltei»: |>osltlon« t<>cur.-il: cat. free
H KALlVsHsci UJO m7l~ mTnKS. 21 POST ST.,
H. K.--Th')i-iniKli cuurncs: complete cqulpnu-ni;
nil culiji-i ts i»-i tiilnmt.' to mining and mining
cukIiuhIiik; tiny and nlcht; catalogue free.
A— The ul'riclul repurterM of the Suiireme Court art-
\Ibu tiirli- iilrmlM to attend thu UAL.L.AGIIEK •
MAItSM COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship KiO: catalogue.
A— THH LYCKUM. an nccredlted preparatory
xchool for the unlveislty. law ami medlcul
rollcges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building,
CALIFORNIA Iluslness College; most thorough
nioilirn metheds: positions for all grailuntfn,
new 60-page catalogue free. SOS Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett Schoo;.
associated with thcutrli-nl agency sccurtng
positions,' Alcazar building, 1'JO O'Farrell st.
MKRRILL-MILLEn College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, prnctlcul lv>okkeeplnR. Rooms 40-45, Par-
fott lililv. : Individual Instruction: catalogue.
EXGINKKRINQ— Civil. elcc.mlnlnK.mech.nur-
' vey, ni-sny, i-yiinliio; day,. eve. ; rut. ist>«. Van
der Nnlllen St-huol. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKKKPING, flgures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college rraduntes & bookkc-ep-
\u25a0 em ls TAItR. the expert. 220 Parrott builJIng.
DANCING — Ladles and centtemen* trained to*
become teachers: "also pupils prepared for the
vaudeville tttage at IRVINE'S. 421 Post jilt
SPECIAL Instruction for backward pudIIs In
the ordinary branches by an experienced
teacher. I * Address Teacher, box - 971. Call.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand, costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. '
WANTED— Good mandolin ptayers ! for . select
club, and violinists, etc.. for amateur orches-
tra. \u25a0 8. . F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st. . .;
Acting & elocution— Eve. classes, special rates; 1
. monthly payments. Leo Cooper. 811 Geary st.
ENGLISH, Latin,' Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MIS8 ROULSTON. 778 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French.etctPrnf.DeFlllppe'iAcadeniy
ofLanguagea,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest prof*.
Chicago Business College. 143S Market, nr. 10th—
Finnan shorthand,' typing, bookkeeping. $3 mo,
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar,
.lessons, BOc;. piano for practice: .39 Fifth bt.*
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for tht stage. 126 Mason st. . . ' . >
VENA K ATON, teacher piano, - banjo. ! mando-
II n and guitar; Jl lesson.- 210 .Turk ,»t. ; -. : \u25a0
PROF, L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
. mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class.- 1008 Mlnslon. ,
ILLU8TRATION-PARTINGTON'8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nm'rht class.; 424 Pine st. , 1
EDUCATIONAL— Contln-«d.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
cto.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 13S.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESB Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 634 Bush at.; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by a competent Swedish
girl as cook or general housework in a nice,
small American family. Call Monday at 713
Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable middle-
aged German woman with 2 girls, 9 and 2
years of age, as cook and housekeeper in the
country; good breadmaker; wants good home;
email wages; best references. Letters front
flat. 227 Shipley St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
RELIABLE young woman would like position
to tlo light upstair** work or would do' light
housework without washing or window
cleaning. Call 20 Middle st., between Cali-
fornia and Pine, near Flllmore.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation
In a private family; a good cook and kind
to children; or general housework. 47 Shipley
st; near Fourth. .
A YOUNG lady stenographer. typewriter,
bookkeeper, 4 years' experience, desires po-
sition; capable taking full charge correspond-
ence. Address X., box 1303. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation to do
light housework or second work; best of ref-
erences. Box 1308. Call office.
AN expert stenographer and correspondent
wishes position; Al references; salary $10 per
week. Box 1313. Call offlce/'
COMPETENT lady stenographer desires posi-
tion; good mimeographer and copyist. JBox
1318. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER with the best of references; en-
gagements by the day; perfecter, fitter and de-
signer. 10 Metcalf place, uit Geary St., near
Mason.
WOMAN wishes situation to do Jlght house-
work in Protestant family; city or country;
reierences. Kox 1311. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER from New York desires en-
gagements; perfect fit; quick work; best ref-
erenc»»^ 72$ Devlsadero st.
RELIABLE woman wants work, washing. Iron-
ing and housecleaning. 967 Washington st,
Oakland;' tel. Black 2372. _^
EXPERIENCED laundress wants washing to
do at home at Sll McAllister st; phone FoK
som 1631. • _
MISS CHENOWETH wants writing to do at
1 home. 153C Fulton. : ' - '
EXPERIENCED woman wants house cleaning
4 day» a week. MRS. Q.. 945 Mission st.
COLORED girl desires situation as cook or
second work. Address 2798 Filbert St.
WANTED— Position In doctor's offlce; can give
reference. Address box 12S4. Call office.
YOUNG woman going to Honolulu to work
would like to go with family. Box 1299. Call.
PLAIN sewing and mending done reasonably.
11) Grand ave.. room 5. . ' . ..-
- RESPECTABLE competent German girl' wishes
position in small American family for light
' second work where she can attend night
school: is good sewer and embroiderer, etc;
no children. Call Sunday afternoon. 4 o'clock.
at It San Carlos ave.. near Eighteenth st.
bet. Valencia and Mission. - \u25a0' \u25a0 . '
A FULLY capable and very refined young Eng**
lUh lady desires a position as governess in a
highly respectable rich gentleman's ' family.
For further particulars address box 701. Call.
REFINED young woman with no incumbrances
and fond of children would like position as
housekeeper In small family. Address C. box
1258. Cell offlce.
WANTED— By a widow position as housekeep-
er: good manager; also good cook and sewer;
city or country. Bpx 1257. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER desires sewing by the day.
Apply at 2S9 Seventh st.
LADY wants a 'position as housekeeper: Is a
good manager, also a good sewer. Box OS.
Call offlce.
MISS BESSIE STOY. having studied art un-
der tbe best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
In teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing in elf*ier
a public or private school. Address MISS
BESS1K STOY. Louisville. Ky.
WANTED— By flm-class dressmaker, a few
more customers to sew for by the day; terms
reasonable. Address 1306 Ellis st-
WANTED — By respectable woman, no tncum-
, brnnce. housekeeping position In small fam-
lly; ben of references. Box 1219. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third «t. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to fl SO per night: Jl SO to
tS week: convenient nn<1 respectable: free
'bus ami baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore. |
A BKANCH offlce for Call advertisements and |
»uh!>criptlons has been established at 1031
Valencia rt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
AN educated gentleman of good address and
, ability desires position; well qualified to start
! new business, establish agencies, travel or
attend to correspondence: experience In con-
! tractlng; reierrix-es. Address box 1279. Call.
SITUATION as collector, private secretary,
, iHx.kkeeper or position of trust by young
married man: thoroughly competent and
qualified by business experience: flrst-class
roffn-nif and cyth bond. Box 1109. Call.
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
cral years' experience in liquor work wants
(•orlttcn In any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can «!<» barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113. Call office.
A GARDENER nkhes position; thoroughly
competent tn all branches of horticulture;
long yearn of experience and handy In kinds
, of work pertaining to a gentleman's large
rlace; Mshiy recommended. Box 11*75. CaU.
UIDDLU -AGED man (Christian) with seme
experience In cnnvasflnK would like to solicit
'or Rome useful article; write particulars.
Uox 1104. Call office.
ItEl.IAIILE man wants a position In a private
place; understands the rare of horses; good
drivers can milk and attend to garden; gcod
references. U«>x l*t'6. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, extensive traveler, all around
bu*!ncr* mr.n. energetic and executive: will-
ing to go to any place of the world. Is open
for an ensagen cnt. Uox 1278. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man, well educated, sober and in-
rtustrloup, wants position In retail grocery:
wp.rcs to in-Kin no object. Address D, box
1U9, CPU offlce.
POSITION wanted to care for horses or
packer In wholesale house: Just arrived from
the East: reference given: one position t
years. Address J. C S., 66 South Park.
MAN* with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to fln<l employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same place.
Address A. E. CRAIO. Montlcello. Cat.
BARTENDER, well educated, sober and re-
liable, understands his business thoroughly.
wants steady position In hotel or saloon; city
cr country. Box 1271, CaU office. ,
MAN. J9, Gorman, wishes position driving de-
livery wagon, collector, caretaker or any 1
other trusted position; Al city references.
Box 1272. Call office. , ,<.
YOUKO man. sober, good habits, i not afraid
of any kind of work, would like a place to
work: am hand". with tools. | Address 1J.
WICKS, S33 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED American; < good references-
used to all work on private place, orchard,
horses, poultry, etc.: wants position; mrder-
nte wages. Box 1270, Call office.
TWO young men, one married, would like to
take charge of a small country place; under-
stand smalt fruits or raising poultry. Ad-
dress C. A. W..- S01. Post st.
A COACHMAN: competent, steady and re-
liable, wishes a place: city or country; good
recommendations. Box 1110, Call offlce.
GARDENER wants situation; competent in all
branches of gardening: German; single. Ad-
dress B.. box 1116. Call offlce. •
CARE of country place by good reliable man
and 'wife; no children; best references Box
1212. Call office, . •
YOUNO man. •\u25a0 age 21. steady habits. . wtshes
position doing anything; experienced grocery
clerk and boxmaker. Box ' I29S, Call. \u25a0• .. >
POSITION as cornet player In brass or orches-
tra.. WALTER SMITH. 119 Fifth St.. upper
COOK— A plain cook would like a place In
country;. moderate wages.. Cook. 549 Howard.
*"*"' CHAS - EVAN8 '
BAKER; steady: 28 years' experience: bread
and cakes of nil kinds. SS2 Howard, room!!.
• A wEK2, Ro y OH v v - book !« e *»'" «nd V accountant
having a few hours daily to spare would like
-one or more set a of books to keep; terms rea-
sonable. Box 1218, Call offlce,, y< ; .
« EinP-OTMKHT "W-OrrCP lt.T,iB.
A PARTT well connected East. eapecIaJly New
York City, thoroughly underttaodln* thm wine
trade, being In constant touch with the Ital-
ian and French consumers of claret and other
wlnea, desires to hear from California firm*
wishinr to be represented there; New York
and San Francisco references. Answer F. O..
box 1207. Call offlce. \u25a0- \u25a0
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine toual-
ness, electric light and power, with 2« year**
experience, want* position; '—I reference—
Address box 1238, Call office. ' -
RELIABLE, experienced cook wanta position;
town, country, hotel, restaurant; rood refer-
eneea. Cook. 45 Franklin st.
YOUNG man. understands care of horses;
drive: milk cows; light work; small wages.
PETER CTJSICK. X3 East St.. Dewey House.
POSITION wanted a» grocery clerk by youn»
man 25; best references. Box 1256. CaU offlce.
JAPANESE nrst-clasa cook wants a. situation
in a family. S. H.. box 1250, CaU offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements aad subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllm ore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlseineotai and
subscriptions haa been establlsned at _9«
Valencia st. \u25a0 ____i
nifAlfClAJL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; rood minlnr
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post at.
PACIFIC Coast Underwritlnr Co. (Inc.)— We
have 43 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stock* and tends underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 807-8-9 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Investor with S3C0O to $7000 to help
capitalize company Just organized and pertly
capitalized; will pay aver 75 per cent.- Apply
between 2 and 4 p. m.. Monday or Tuesday,
room 606. Safe Deposit building.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window In every
room; flne view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st. and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
$6— NEW flat, 3 rooms, yard, range; water
free; 23 Holly tt., 100 feet from Mlasion-at.
electric cars. opp. 33d and Mission; so ch_>
dren.
A— COZY 4 rooms. 39 Julian are., bet. 14ta
and 15th, Valencia and Mission streets.
A FLAT of 5 rooms, furnished, to let. 33 ilo
All later at. ;
FURNITURE of eight-room flat for sale cheap;
party leaving town. 7 Hyde st.
1 FIFTEENTH. 1838, corner Dolores— Sunny bay-
window flat. \ rooma and bath.
HAIGHT, 429B. near Flllmore— Upper flat of 4
sunny rooms; yard and basement; rent $_, t
HAYES. 1747. near Park— Modern sunny flats. 4
and 0 rooms; $14 and $20; bath; —rater free.
MODERN* sunny flat of 8 rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave.. near Webster at. ' ' .
MODERN upper, sunny flat. 7 rooma. bath;
flrat-clasa order. 105 South Park. . . ; .
MOSS. 30. off Folsom — Bay-window flat:
5 large, runny rooms; gas. water and yard.
TO Let— Flat of » rooms __d~""ba__~ 43
Fulton st. \u25a0 . . • \u25a0 . • ..
TO Let— Lower flat; C ruce rooms aod bath.
_!__________________________________
UN'IOX. _24. corner Van Ness— New top flat. I
rooms, storeroom and yard; marine view; $3*.
17.50 to JS— TWO 3-room flats on Linden ave\ ;
water and ashman free. Key at 524 Fell st.
123 50 — MODERN bay-window flat. 7 rooma and
. bath. 15B Henry «t-. near Market and 15th.
FLATS TO LET^— ~UR?f ISHEP.
CARPETS' and part of furniture of fine- mod-
ern 6-roomi flat for sale; flat to let. IScf
O'Farrell st. • ' . . '.
4-ROOM furnished basement flat: few steps
from cars: healthy location: only $12; no
children. Bo» 1274.- Call offlce. \u25a0 . -
. . FLATS WA5TED.
Fl'RXISHED or partly furnished house or flat:
central: adults; ref. F. II.. box 1218. Call.
431 A TURK st.— Flat of 3 rooms for sale; 3
rooms rented at SIS per month.
t FRAMES A.TD ~ICT~R_S.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12S-13O Hayes, nr. V. Nes»
—Bert work and lowest prices wet C-lcago.
'" Fimxrrvtt^ von, sale. . ~
|17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror,
tl— Solid oak chairs factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. TeL Folsom i**f
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, HS 60, with No. ?
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-U31 Market.
Will furnish your bouse on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. -tS * 133 — Ula.
FOR sale— Furniture of 5 rooms aad bath.
9_? Ellis st.; rent >13; ennny side.
FURNITURE of < rooms. 115 Jones st
NEW furniture of a 4-room flat for sale reason.
able. 406fr Fifth at.
FCRXITCRE "WAJfTED. ,
I CAL. Auction Co., 739 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Black 6491.
WILSON buys all kinds of household roods.
1710 Market: tel. South 413..
A. "WOLLPERT, 77S Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; taL Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp. 9£l Howard st.
tel. Jessie 1122: furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORKS. 634 Ellis st; telephone LarUa
I 2782; highest price paid for fornltare. carpets.
l TEL. Jessie 761 "before selllnr furniture, car*
pets, pianos, etc: CHAS. LSVT. 1135 M arkat
D. & F. new Jl glove, retailed at factory pries;
warranted; kept In repair. _tt Grant ave.
HELP WASTED F*_31AX—U
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• Waitress, choice place ..*2S
•Waitress and chambermaid, same hotel. ...CO
10 waitresses, city and country $C0, 323
Institution laundress (Protestant), city.. ..$2
Mangle girl. Institution, city sis
Chambermaid, city H7 50
Nurse, institution ; .J20
FAMILT DEPARTMENT
French cook, small family $35
Chambermaid and laundress |_
Cook and housekeeper, city.. $_
Many other places Come and Investigate
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geejy »_
A— NURSE) girl for Southern California; fare
paid; 320: see party here. C. R, HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st -
A — SEAMSTRESS for country hotel. Santa
Barbara; Kb; see party here. C. R, HA.NSEN
6 CO.. 104 Geary st \u25a0.
MISS HORGAN ...JZt Butter st
t cooks, small families $30 and S33
French chambermaid and snrse.............32S
Houseglrl. country, small family.. t3t>
I second girls...... £0; 4 second girls IX
SO housedrls, city. Oakland and Alameda.33
6 waitresses. 335; boarding-house cook $30
ANDRE'S Employment Office.
Ut Stockton Street
German cooks, $30; laundress and chamber-
maid. $35; maid and chambermaid. $25; wait-
ress and parlormaid. $23: German nurse. $_>:
French cook. $30. and a number of girls for
housework.
WANTED— Monday morning, a large camber
of houseglrls for city and country, at rolsg
wages. J20. $23. $30. $35. J. F. CROSETT —
CO.. 316 Suttcr st \u25a0
WELL dressed lady, to establish club, among
private residences; pays $15 weekly, besides
pay of assistant;- expenses allowed while
working up route. 816 Commercial st .
WANTED— A quiet, respectable young girl to
assist In light housework In a family of 3.
Apply at SU7 Ward st.. near Dwtxht way
station. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; one who can
finish; also flret-class finisher; good pay; call
ready, to work. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth. .
A REFINED woman. wUling to apply herself
steadily, can procure permanent position with
business house. Box 131. CaU offlce.
WANTED— Sewing machine operators on shirts.
at UREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH—LS*. 531
Mission st: good wages: steady work.
SWEDISH or German woman for housework
and take care ot woman: S In family. 133>
Mission st.; apply In clsar store.
AN Intelligent young lady for general offlce
work; must be a good penman: state salary
expected.. Address box 13S6, Call office.
YOUNG girl for light housework: reasonable'
pay and good home. MME. BERNARD, ' 17
Third st. < .' -;•\u25a0• • •
EXPERIENCED' glove makers, and appren-
tices for operating; steady position. CARSON
OLOVE CO.. 33 Market at. n
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework: wages
$10 month; must sleep at home; references.
Box 12*3. Call office. . ';
WANTED— Neat Rirt for light housework, and
\u25a0 \u25a0 assist with baby. . Inquire 571 Waller st. this
. (Sunday) afternoon. . ;
3 YOUNG .ladles .' for \u25a0 flrst-class * candy \u25a0 store;
must -be experienced : call - Monday.
1 PARRY'S. 1304 Market at. , ,
\u25a0\ BJLS FXLAXCXSCO CALL.
.. BTJS-KZSS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
' Call, corner of __rket and Third streets; open
\u25a0 trail 12 o'clock every night in th* year.
.' BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
' '. venter Clay; open until t:30 p. m.
. ','., SOO Hayes ctreet; open until 9:30 p. nt
..\u25a0 Ca McAllister street; open until t:SO p. m.
. '. CIS Larktn street; open until >:S0 p. m.
\u25a0" . IM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:: \u25a0 23Q Market street, corner Sixteenth; opes
i fc-tll 9 p. :_. V:
.''... 10C Eleventh street; open until S p. m.
V- J095 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
' . ".. Northweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
' tccky streets; open until » p. m,
<;\u25a0 _300 FUlmore ttreet; open until 9 P._~»___
f / - C11CKCU SERVICES.
CAL V ART Presbyterian Church, corner Call-
• .'ornla and Octaxia sts.— Rev. John HemFhtll.
D.D.. will preach at 11 a. m, and 7:S0 p. m.
Morntcg topic "God'* Cure for Moral Dls-
•rase." E\entng topic. "Rightly Directed
ZesU." Morning Sabbath school. «:45 o clock.
Evening school. i::30 o clock. Y. P.
i« C £., «:») p. m. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day evening:. 7:33 o'clock. All cordially ln-
vited to these gen-Ices. ________
i"inST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
>>>se ave. aad Sacramento st.— Sen-Ices at 11
a. m and 7:S3 p. m. Sunday school at i::«
p. ni. Christian Endeavor at \u25a0 6:13 p. m.
Rev W K. Outhrie will preach in the morn-
ing and Kev Dr. Mackenzie in the evening.
Ail are invited. \u25a0 ' -
IUCHMOXD Conprerational Church, corner
Seventh are. and Clement st.— Pastor. Rev. \u25a0
Philip Coombe. Residence. 3415 Jackson st. : ,
telephone Pine 44T5. Services at 11 a. in. Sub-
ject. "Honor Acquired Through Uonorint.
God." 7:t5 p. m. therati "Power ;
- \Vith'Cod and With Men." Sunday school.
S.)5 a. m. Christian Endeavor Socl«ty. 6:4» 1
.' i» m. Seats fro*. A cordial invitation to
the.'* services is g tven to all who can attend
them. ' ' \u25a0 !
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
M-SOB ets-— Kev. Goorge C. Adams, D.U-, pas-
' tor. trill preach at both services. At 11 a. m..
topic "Bifhops." At T;30 p. rn.. topic "If
Any _!an Thirst." All are cordially invited.
VNTTARIAX Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, zninisifr: P.ev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus: Charles A. Murdock. suv-erintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school is at
v: in o'clock. ~ne morning service :» at 11 ;
Special musical service from Men- j
- : delsshon's -'ElUah." All the organ and choir j
' : music will be taken from the oratorio. Rev. j
'\u25a0'. Mr. Leivitt will preach. Subject. •"Elijah*' !
V .All are cordially invited. There is no even- i
. . "Ing *«r\-ice.
UXITARIAX Church tSecond). comer Capp ana
J Twentifth ets.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsniore. mlni*-
. \u25a0 \u25a0: ter. Sunday schoot at 9:45 o'clock. The. min-
ister -R-ili preach at 11 o'clock on "Successful \
Failure." In tiie evenly at T:45 o'clock Rev.
: : G*orge W. Stone will preach.
A— CHURCH of St. Mary the Virgin lEpisco- ;
- \u25a0 pal), corner Sieiner a—d Union sts. — Union- !
ft. can pass the door: big— mass at 11 a. m. ;
rnass«F of the masters, arranged for St. Mary j
the Virgin, with organ and wind instrument 1
aoccrnpeniment: solemn vespers of the Virgin j
Marv at 4 in the _iternoon; "Ave Maria." j
-•Gre«roris-ns." "O Salutaris" and "Tantum 1
Erge," arranged for St. Mary the Virgin: ]
John Earaden Pratt. F. C. M.. director of the |
choir: _ass said daily at T:30 a. m.; vespers j
daily at a p. m. \u25a0 ' j
TKIXITT Cfeurch. corner Bush and Gough sts. j
—Rev. Frederick W. Clam pttt. D.D.. rector. :
Holy coaiaiunlon at 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morn- !
Ing service. 11 o'clock. Rt. Rev. George F. '\u25a0
Seymour. D-D-. Blshoji el Sprirustield. Even- ;
ing seni'ce at S o'clocij. sermon by Rev. Rob- ;
crt Xevin D.D.. rector of American Church of i
Rose. AH are heartily tnvltec. The i '
o'clock ser\-ife has been discontinued, the 1
evening service at S o'clock taking its place. I
CHXJKCH ol St. John tte Evangelist. Fifteenth J
61., between Mission and Valencia— services j
at'? and 11 a. ra. and at ":4i p. m. At the .
11 o'clock service the Rev. R. J. Xevin. D.D.. \u25a0
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church. Romr. :
•Italy, will preach, and si 7:45 p. m.. the Rt. ;
Rev Dr Drewer. Bishop of Montana, will •
preach. P.ev. L. C. Sanlord. rector. IS) Ju- |
llaa ave. '.
£T. PAITL'S Church. California rt-. r.ear Kill- •
rcore — Rev. W. M_x-r<-U Rellly. rector. Holy \u25a0
rcsusunion. 7:3) a. rr.. Sucday school. S:45. .
Mornirg senices and sermon. 11 o'clock. "
Preacher. tb« PX, Her. Dr. McKlm. Uithop
ft Tokio. Evening service a n.l sermon. 7:45.
Preacher the Rt- iUr.: Dr. Talbct. Bishop ;
of. Central Pernsyli-aala. .
CENTRAL Church. Sltssloa st.. bet. Sixth and :
'\u25a0 : Sevesth— Pasta— . Arthur H. Brigps and Her-
, -\u25a0-:'\u25a0\u25a0 b»rt F. Brings. 11 a. m. and 7:31 p. tn..
-\u25a0\u25a0: preaching by the pastors. Morning topic. :
. •'';••\u25a0 "Tbe In_uence and Evangelization of Great :
'.Cities." Evenlsg topic. "A Frank Question," ;
::"' \u25a0 _:45 p. 'Hi., Sunday fchocl Rclla V. Watt. |
-? -. : A \u25a0 -aperintendeni. *:15 p. m.. Christian En- ;
-; <ieavor. the meeting to be addressed by Dr. i
'."George S. Smythe. assistant missionary eec- j
- : retar>' of the Methodist Episcopal church. !
v. ; : : F.CSCOC Warren Lucy. or^ir.:*t ar.d choir-'
.' . \u25a0 tnaster. The seats are free and the people ;
- are welcome. i
EmiANTEL Baptist Church. Bartlett »TT :
" rear Twenty-th'.rd — Mornln? service. II \u25a0
: o'clock. Preachirjf by the pastor. Rev. J. '
\u25a0 George Gibson. Subject. "The Need of a-
Revl\-al." Eveniras. 7:30. sermon and barj'- '
tone solo by the pastor. Organist, M!s« Lotta
Ucdernill. \
FIRST Church of Christ, 'scientist. Central '
block. _3 Satwr st.. between Kearny et. and •
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: a- in. Snt»j?ct. ot i«im-.«— ion. "Prohatlon
After Death. " S=ur.da> sch.x;! for children at
the sarae hoar. Wednesday evening mesttng
at 8 o'clock. Frcy »'eii<5ing ream*, 7SA K^Jirny j
rt.. rooms itlS-;!</ All are »e!ccme.
REV JOHN ALEX rx>"W'IE. of the Chrljsilan '\u25a0
Catholic 'rhurcn. will deliver hts sermon, on ;
''Elijah the Rert-jrer.' by graphophcr.es in •
Vnion Bqnrc Ka'.l V_i Post st. feunday at '
2:26 p. ~i. All s— cjriialiy invited. ~eat< i
free. \u25a0
EEMI-AXNTJAL cmjferenr* cf the Church of :
Jesus Cnrist of Latter Day Paints. Pythian '.
Castle r-TS Market sL Morning service at 13
o'clock; after Doon et !; evening at ~:V). All '
welcome So collection*
HOS1F. ot Truth, practical Christianity, 1131 :
Fine « near Hyde— flcod-y service at 11
_ tn ar.d "tip. si Weekly mec-tlrgrs Mon-
ter. * F «• and Tu**daj, 3 p. m. All are :
welcome.
ASSOCIATION Ao4itorlara, Mason and Elil* \u25a0
ets. —Great union mai>e meeting for men thik ;
•Sunday) afternoon at I o'clock. A<5drw by '
Major General O. O. Howard All men we!- !
couie.
THE Thecscjihical Society— Public lecture to- '
nlrhi !n Od1 Feilowe building at 6 p. 10.
Subject "Tn* Mlraclef cf the Christian |
tiainta ' The G<-.ideti Chain children'* class t
meets fcuadsy ruomlng at II o'clock The ;
ierxlliur library oj<«m clally from 1 to 4 p m. I
A'.er. i u*::: Ja.; r evonlap. 1
TH_<JSOPHICA1,-Fre* public I«ctu~M> every !
Pur.dsy at Ip. m. , FLxmI fcuil-ilng. ifai Mar- '
ket «. To-night. -Ounwivef j.-> th- Pas* "
b> Ml«! M A Walsh IJIble ulasa Hun<iay».
11 to _;. Enquirer clans fun<iamentai« ot
Tbeoerphy. TaurrAtyr . 2:30 t.r, 4. Kr?* iend-
injt libran' Dpea Mcoar.r. Thursday and 8at-
_ crday. I to 4 {> m. and Saturday evening.
MEETINGS — SL'XDAY.
AA-DIi. JOHN A. KEROAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Cut!e 90»
M^ ket V- Sub J* !Ct - '~°* Physiology and
Pblloeophy ot tte AppeOte"; to be followed !
foy raamlSc^nt views ot "Wanderings In I
Europe/ Free »;ckets will b* -distributed
lor X-Rav exhibition at sanitarium next
Tue»4ay eveulng; seats free; no collection-
remember the question box.
AGAIN to-nightr-Prof. Gee, tbe startllnr pl_t-
form mefllam. at Low^r Scottish Hall. 117
L_rkln at.. glve» full name*, dates and facts;
» teet that «tartle« the public; assisted by
Mrs. Tully. Mrs Van TaRiel and Miss Ludey
\aa Taxtel; oyra gingers and whistlers; 10c
TWIN' PEAKR Ha!l~cor7"l7th ar.d Noe sts.— A
I«ctnre of srrtat interest and Importance win
te. deliver vi this eve-Ing at 7J«p. m.; sub-
ject. 'The World Approaching a Great Criels*
the Outcome From a Bible Point ot View""'
fc*.*t» free; no cjllecttcn.
. CRAXO Fplritual reonion, vn Market nu. rear
h_l. It. 2, * p. in.; fre«: grand talent; good
music: conference « p rr... interested medl- j
. umi cord:a!!y invlttd; pood elnrlnf; con- '
:' vindr.jr t^sts
raOGSSRBZVB .pirltualU's— Occidental Ifall
\u25a0, : WS Larkir. ft.. *~xn. 20. T;jo p m.; syfaker'
Mra. K. B I_:ile; suMeci. "P. pi ritual I «m and"
Its t>tra>-er". admiMloti fret.
HARMACHEIS— lo-iiiirhl lecture "on "The
•\u25a0-"orolo— 1 of Conscious In iraort all ty"; tests
Mi- good rauslt: _dmls. 10c 222 O'FarrtU st. i
SPIRITUAL test nwt" V/i Market; 11, free-
i JU«-b. )0c: Mine. Auzust. physical phenomena-
te^ts; Mr>. Hanifcon. fi*~i~y, Wlison; others.
C. V. Killer, world'r famous materializing me- '
<l!un; epirlts speak face to face; seance Tue
Fr.. F.u., 8 p. in.. SOt Vfi\ Dueh; p. Larkln ZTth.
itTU*. GILLIXGHAM'S rpltitual test meeting. 8
p. m .. 10c: acctcte4 by Mr. Lamott. 305 Larkln.
VT. Q. KEEGEX holds a spiritual meetlnir every
night e.x. Saturday; admlfglon 10c 148 Sixth.
• HUH. STODDARD'8 convincing tests to all-
circles. 10c; Bun.. T^ies. ; rrad. dally. 27$ Vth.
MME. YOUN'G'B demonstration spirit return
to-nic-t. Mi McAllister; 10c; come alceptlca.
OAKLAND Woodman Hall. 12th st.— Spiritual
meetings Z:V>. 7:45 p. m. Prof. Perkins, others.
MRS. GIIXLNGHAM'8 cpiritual test meetlnr, I
p. ci.. 10c; aesltted by Mr. I— mott. S05 larkln.
Mrs. Eberbardt's meeting 8un. eve., Tues
Thura.: 10c 223) 22.1 kU. bet. Mission Sc Val. (
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS? materlallzlnf
set nee. Sunday evening. 127 Ellis at.; tOc.
"XOW lecture. Henry Harrison Brown. Odd
FeUowe* bldg-. » p. pi.: music; seats free.
MRS. ADA FOVE. Occidental Hall. 305 Larkla
U., Ip. zn .; lecture and testt; 10a.
MEETING JfOTICES— SrroAY— Con.
A— MUSTAFA. Egyptian materialising seance
to-day. 2 and 8 p. m. ; 60c. 1610 Bush et.. near
Franklin.
ARNOLD and Dlckson'a famous materializing
seance to-night; readings to-day, BOc, $1. 201
Turk st. \u25a0 '
MEETINGS— -tJni-ertml Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and unsectarlan), 310 O'Farrell' St.—
Public meetlnir to-night, subject. "Man's Re-
sponsibilities"; musical selections; all ln-
vlted.
MEETIXG KOTICES.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. -yfT-fr
IIS, I. O. O. F.— Members are
hereby notifl>-d to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. ANSON '"•w
T. T1LLSON. P. G.. SUNDAY. October 20,
12:S0 p. m.. from lodgeroom.
SHEPPARD P. GRANT. N. G.
C J. SPEAR. R. S. I
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. L O. -Mpffii
O F. — Officers and members are aSft '
cordially invited to attend an en-
tertainment and social to be given
In Memorial Hall THURSDAY EVENING,
Oct. 24. 1901.
T. Ic. MARTIN. Noble Grand.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba jQKJh
Buena Lodge No. 14. A. O. U. W.— You iMOT^
arc hereby notified to meet at the «_*§>
lodgerocm, S2 O'Farrell st., at 12 m.. »«©>
SUNDAY Oct. M, for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late brother, A. T.
TILLSON. from I. O. O. F. Hall. By order.
FRED ROTHGANGER, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calaveras Mining. Water
and Power Company, in the Johnston and
£cctt Hill mines, near San Andreas. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek:
from Charles Hilton, in the Calvarttas Hill
mine, at Calvarltas. Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining Into O'Neill
and San Antonio Creeks: and from Manuel
I«al and A. Rose. In the South Honcut mine,
lu Yuba County, near Bangor, to deposit tall-
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held in room 59. Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., on October ZS. !
1901. at 1:10 p. m. I
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Company —trill be held at the office of the com-
pany. 3:7 Market et.. in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23. 19C1. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. lor the purpose of amend-
ing Mctlon S of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 12. 1901. at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGENTS \VAXTED.
AGENTS: AGENTS! SALESMEN! SALES-
MEN 1 — $« to *!." dally (actual truth), selling
incorporation*, architects, public buildings,
steamship companies, private house*, mer-
chants, etc.. $1 50 article. Sells at sight, three I
to hundred each purchaser. Money maker! 1
New! Write quick for territory. Self-ad-
dreysed stamped envelope «no postals answer-
ed) for terms, circulars, etc. Security Manu-
facturlng Co.. 144 Times building, N. Y.
WANTED— Apents for Murat Halstead's "Il-
lustrious Life of Wm. McKlnley:" agent's
outfit tTf^: bonks now in stock. THE WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market St., S. F.
AGENTS wanted-Life of McKinley. G00 pages;
best book: lwj illustrations: outfit fr«>#; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER Sc CO.. Portland Or.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit- (
able and ea«:er to »*U than books or inaur-
ance? Ad. K. PERSON, r. 41*. Parrolt bldg. \u25a0
AGTSl. ladies, gent*: fast seller: big profit.
Call cr cd. 1< McAllister, r. 3*. G. T. Bryant.
CITY or country quick seller: Leather Lustre;
sample jjc. B»»n. room S, 41 Third st.
GLORE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market; !
agent* wanted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
ADOPTIOS.
MATERNITY Villas-Good homes for healthy In-
fants. Dr. KmUte Funke.1416 fth St.. Alameda.
ASPUALTl'M ROOKING.'
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. W6 Mission: tel. Folsom 2177.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 50c; by mall. 50c. HO Market st.
THE Richelieu, reader of character, disposition
and <i<»stlny. 1F?3 Scott *t.
— 1
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney. 314 I
Montgomery St.— Divorces, private; fets low;
probating: bankruptcy: collections; suits; '
titles perfected ; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned: insurance 3')c !
en $1W. P. B. TRAVKRS. evenings. 41S4 Post. '
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
lecUomc-tlachtnenra; mortgages: bills of sale:
partnershlpr-.df^ds; wills drawn; fees low;open
eye's. THURSTOy. lOOSVi Mkt., r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick t
gu:et; no ihaige without success; collection*. '
<Jeed». etc.. prepared: charge low estb
l< years. Atty. «;. w. howe, $50 Market sstl 1
ADVICE fr*-e; no charge unless successful. W.
~ W. DAVIDSON. iT, Market ti.. opp. Masott. 1
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckeis bide.. 9Ti Mar- '•
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance. '
DICYCLES— For Sale or Bxebaage. |
GOOD Beccnd-hsr.d MojcIm for sale 15 up- !
send for b^rsaln list. LEAVITT A BlL,l/ I
203 I*rkln rt. }
no An pi xc Kon children. |
\u25a0~ANTEI>— Schoolgirl tc board"; private '
f_mily, beet care; terms reasonable !03 M>*- i
AIMster st. i
MOTHERS ea— and good home tor two or j
three children: low t*rmr. 1gQ7 California st.
BOOKS— XBW AND OLD. \u25a0
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red i»ML
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7M-70».7M Mission st.
niREAt! TR U~> K S.
TRUNKS al every description at bedrock
Prices. Factory and salesroom, git Howard.
BCSI.NKSS CHAXCES.
A-I'jOO. GROCERY and <k-Hcates8en~slor7;
tnokl desirable part of the city; excellent
buslm-ait: large stock; established. U. LKHS, j
A-t5C,<); SALOON near Market st.; ion?~)ease-
Unnrense business. M. LE88. 14 Third st.
A— _00: RBSTAL'KAN'T; wholesaled district;
flne trade; Investigate. M. L.E6H, |« Third.
X-W*K CORNER grocery and bar; busiest
locality In the Western Addition; nice living
rooma: rent »2S. M. LESS, 14 Third st. •
A— X3I/O: CORNER grocery and bar, north of
Market; horn* and wagon; present owner
there IS years and Is retiring from business;
low rent; positive value. M. LESS, 14 Thud.
1225C— GKOCERT, po»tofnce. laundry, 3 news-
paper agencies, publlo telephone; last year's
receipts 115,000; out of city; rent (is; this
place must be sten; a bargain. DECK &
CO.. >27 Market st.. room 208.
$U00-<JROCERY. coal and feed business;, rent
125: ntabllshed 12 years; sell Inventory.
DECK Ic CO., 827 Market st, room 208.
CHOP house at a great sacrifice; price 1125;
clearing 1100 a month; must be sold at cn--e
Mc-BRIDB *; CO.. S33 Market «t. " "-
ROOMING and boarding-houses, hotels, flat*,
stores and business places o.' every description
*>ld and exchanged.' McBRIDE & CO., 923
Market at.; phone Folsom 450.
A— SACRIFICE: chance to begin • Ufa ever
again; buy my busy cigar stand; near Mar-
ket st.: which nets 13 JO every day; am
called to Seattle quick; make: offer to my
agents, HEDQE8 UROS.j 410 Parrott bldg.
THE largest and best list of lodglng-bofscs,'
hoteln and business chances can be found at
th« office of FI8HER & CO., m Market St.;
phone Kolsom 1592.
S200-RE8TAURANT: chance to get bargAin;
part down; good location. DONALD MmAE,
tZ7 Mission st .
IF you wish to aell or purchase a business see
FARSHMAN - OtTSTE. 78 Third st.
FOR sale— a well-fltted up saloon on Market
st.; on account of death will be sold at a bar-
gain; no agents. Apply McLEOD It HATJE,
115 Market st. - - .
BABOON; all new fitted. up; good stock; rent
*45; good business; must sell; leaving dty; In-
vestlgate. MITCHELL tc. CO., 120> Market it.
DELICATESSEN store; r*oeipts 125 per day;
will sell at a bargain. Apply DBCKER* 1020
Market st.
IF you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
ness see BROWN & ODELL, rooms S and 9.
41 Third st. /
butcher shop; established 10 rears: best
town In State; death cause selling; roust tell
this week. Business Board Trade, tit Pine.
FOR Sale— Florist well established on principal
thoroughfare; rent reasonable; on account rc-
tlring from business. Box 1120, Call offlce.
BANKRUPT sale— Furniture and fixtures of
restaurant for sale. Apply for particulars to
K. WEKTHEIMER. Trustee.- to Clay st.-
|200— PARTNER wanted In light business; 176
a month clear; do experience required; trial
I given before buying. 26 Geary st., room J,
~JE*I^- M^c? A y||jjf i^9 B<tltae *!--
WILL YOU MAKE SOME! MONEY IN THIS?
A big new laundry Is coming to town, and
it s going to make some money. The com-
pany has decided to make it even bigger than
originally intended. To speedily effect the
proposed enlargement the company, at first
. a close corporation, has decided to sell a
small block of its stock by popular subscrip-
tion. It is the bargain of the day In in-
dustrial lines, and Is being subscribed for by
our clients in all sections of the State in re-
ply to an advance circular mailed to them
a few days ago. It has been subscribed In
amounts running from $5 to $800. Dividends
will, so shareholders believe, equal the
amount of the Investment in about three
years. Call or write for circulars, or better
yet, talk the matter over with us. You may
like it well enough to buy. while we recognize
your privilege to "turn It down." Subscrip-
tion books are open at our office. THE
AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST COM-
PANY. Fiscal Agents, 32S Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. .
CAPITALISTS, ATTENTION!
A well-known investment banking house of
this city is about to organize a bank In a
most promising interior town, having no
bank as yet, but which does an annual bus!-'
ne*s of about $3,000,000; residents of the town
have agreed to build an up-to-date building
for the new bank; we now want a few more
parties with money, from $100 upward, to
take up the remaining chares of the bank
stock; the Investment Is estimated to bring
magnificent returns. Address box 1225. Call.
AJtH you Interested In having a little money,
from $20 upwaid (Invested without any effort
on your part) earn for you a permanent cash
income, bigger every week than a whole
year's legal Interest upon the same amount?
If so. send us your name and address. No
speculation or gambling scheme, but legiti-
mate business. First-class references in any
part of the United States. E. J. ARNOLD &
CO., Ninth and Pine sts.. St. Louie. Mo.
HONEST speculation— make your money earn a
bteady income; $25 upward Invested with us
will earn 20°* e to 30% monthly. |*yabte every
15 days. Send fur our new book. "Successful
Systematlu Speculat!on." mailed free. Tells'
how- to operate on grain murket without loss.
Highest commercial, tlnancial and successful
customer ref. FREDERICK E. PAKkh'R,
Uroker, 155 Ls. Salle hi., Chicago. III.
WAREHOUSE business for sale at a bargain.
Including fully equipped plant for grinding
and cleaning grain; large store accommoda-
tion; no competition; on R. R. ; Alameda
County: price for all $2500. including large
lot: for sale on account of age of owner.
H. H. CRANE. 5CS California st.
$1250 INVESTED this week will furnish lm-
mediate and steady employment at $2 50 dally
besides paying at leust 200 i*r cent yearly
IToflt; absolutely safe, lionent and legitimate
In every particular. Hox 1»>7. Call oRlce.
PERSONS with capital to Invest can learn of a
printable and safr business already fsiab-
II»!:cd: a mopopoly: iwrtlculars givrn In i>fr-
fcon. Addrces Box 1151. Call i>mce.
FOR scle— Countr»- hotel and bar ut railroad
depot, Alameda County: «.-omplet»ly furnished:
all Al condition: only hotel In town; Investl-
g»4e this. H. H. CRAKE. MS California St.
AN opportunity (or good experienced furniture
man with some capital 10 connect himself
with an established P.rm as manager, llox
1312. trail ofnee.
ACTIVE man can huy retiring partner's In-
terest In old-establiched grocery and bar at
cost: experience not neeerwiry: mu*t be sober
and Industrious. Clsar store. 257 Fourth »t.
WA.VTED-A parlntrr'xvUh iZV> In u manufac-
turtng buntn***. to sell to tin- trade; no
agents, fall or adirfss CO Seventh et.. near
Market. Oakland.
US— BRANCH bakery and notion store: Mock.
fixtures and nii-e llvlnic rcoms; rent only 113.
FARSHMAN & tJL'STK: 78 Third St.
A LADY requires. a, lean ot . money to enable
her to buy a email transient lodging house.
AidffM K. M-. bog 1IS>. «.MII office.
ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bur; good
location: f.ne bar trad*. Inquire Call branch
offlce. SCO Hayes st.
WANTED — l»_rtn«*r who understand* bre hive
business. Address ADAM MILLER. VaJlelo.
Cal.
$225— BRANCH bakery and notion store; no
agents. *7«4 Mission st.
WANTED- To buy hair Interest In profitable
buelr.ers; will Invest $300. Box 1264. Call.
LA ROE t«per route for sale; good Inducements
_f/ffered. llox 1IS3. Call oince.
I-"OK Sale — Branch b«k«>ry. candy * dairy pro-
duce; account sickness. 1209 Devlsadero st.
RESTAURANT-Dolng a good TuTintfs: other
business take* owner's time, ill! IVwt st.
PAKTNKR with cnpltat for Turf Information
Uure-U ; will nuy to investigate. Uox I28». Call.
WILL t>ny $10.'j<>j or more for establlnhnd
steam laundry business. Hox 12X1. Call office.
WANTED — Partner in horseshoeing business.
401 Jackson st.
PRINTING outfit : firent bargain. CaU 921
Urannan St.. bet. *th and 9th.
*«<!— PATINO restaurant ucrth $K*y>; oi\n<»r
.'12.5 other business. Call quIcK. 3C3 Hayet st.
GROCKRY and bar; living rooms; cheap rent;
bears full Investigation. 03S Market, rm. 17.
GROCERY and bar In Mission; 4 living rooms;
rent »20;- f<>». J«7 Market st.. room 208.
WANTED— I_dy or gentleman In office busl-
ness; exper. not necessary. 927 Market, r. 208.
INCOME tlOCO per year can be secured "by any
one who will take trouble to Invexllguto our
plans; no guld mine, oil well or Rumbling
\u25a0cheme; xtrnlRhtforward bu*!nfr*B proposition.
JUM1APA CO.. 621 Fullertun bldg.. St. Louis.
Mo.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with a fin-t-cl.us l<_i
cni»PCcted. di.'nfc- a bOftSneti of about lit.) a
«'ay: price $i'<0; i>«itt of nv-ney ran stand 'on
lMi4iii,-s; >vll! Irfxr fhe fullest iti\.-<tiRati.i«i.
Arl«]rf:n» box ZiW. ChII ofnee, C-l;l«n(i.
PARTNER wanted with some capital In very
prolitahle manufacturing business; tnnn v.ho
would, work In factory preferred; light work.
easily learned. Uox 1261, Cull office.
ADVERTISKR, «(?«! 40, with S2C0 for invest-
menl will entertain business proposition.
Hox 125JI. Cnll office.
SAIXXJN for sale on water front. Apply "at
12 Jacltfon st.
LAUNDRYMAN wants steam laundry or ln-y
tercst in one; city or country. Pox I2H, CalliJ
DENTIST— Fine country practice; will sacr*
flcc- If taken immediately. Pox 1_>2. Call.
FOR SALK~The Call agency tn Santa Crux;
price $1200. .\u25a0 .
WOpD snd coal yard; central; fine horees and
wSgons; established 45 yearn; clears $300 mo.;
whole or half; great bargain, 3T Kearny «t.
$S00— STOCK and fixtures of Jewelry Ttore in
heart of dty; repair trade a speclnlty; good
reasonn for selling. Address box 1254. Call.
LIQUOR store: good family nnd bnr Iradc; rca-
sonnble; innin street; tine lm-utlon; owner
Kolnff north. Box 2342. Cnll office,- Oakland.
FOIl «e!e— Old established good-puyiiiK "bu«i^
ness; win aell half or whole Interest ; flrst-
class bargain. Address Cnll office, Oakland.
KSTABLlfiHED fruit store for aale; good
• trade. 28 Franklin st. •
SALOON. for nale. 84 Jackson st. .
FOR. sale— Fruit store with horse and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission st. ' \u25a0
DAKEirg ilxturcs. 2 homos and wagons; com-
plcte outfit. Box 2341. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; sacrifice for quick
sale. 182 Eighth st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..--. ..<\u25a0\u25a0
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
THE! DONALD. INVESTMENT CO.. *
; 800 Market st................,...T»I. Darls 2SI
6 rooms; elegantly (urn.; flat ...$70J
8 rooms; furniture and carpets: lit clan. 640
16 rooms ; flne location ; new ;: clean 1600
• IS rooms; full; everything good; snap..'....i600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat...... 760
9 rooms; right downtown ..;. 900
9 rooms; cheap rent. Including piano.... 1250
20 rooms; elegantly furn.;. a snap .....2600
' 42 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4000
17 rooms; north of Market; snap.. 1200
• 12 rooms; boarding; best location 1200
10 rooms; corner; on-Geary st sso
11 rooms; corner; on Jones ............1200
SO rooms; everything good; bargain 3250
10 rooms; 'light and sunny; cash $300 600
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears $35 300
. 16 rooma; a fin* corner .....1400
U rooms; choice location; pays well....... 3000
10 rooms ; elegant furn. and carpets ........ 1000
18 rooms; close In: good business...;. .....1200
WK WILL MAKE -LIBERAL LOANS OX
ANY OF THE ' ABOVE • AT LOWEST
\u25a0RATKB..^....,. ,'\u25a0 -:;. - -, -.,.;\u25a0 t y.. ,\u25a0
A. SNAP— 26-room bouse, II100; clean $85; cen.
tral; easy terms. Box 1285, , Call offlce. ,
—ODGIMO HOUSES FOR' SALE— Con.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market st, Is
....HEADQUARTERS FOR BAKOAINS....
• ••• ...IN LODGING-HOUSES......'../....
HOTELS, FLATS ...:.......
. •••\u25a0 AND PRIVATE HOMES.
......FROM $125 TO $20,000...
....QEVT LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on\Mtssion :....' U"*
V rooms; line* corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard ,' '• 1&00
40 rooms; boarding' 4500
17 rooms; tine corner .' • 1^0
6U rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room Hat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; tine yard 330
10-room house; fine location *-S
1 24 rooms; on Geary st 1 1JUI(
loo rooms; clears *350; payments to suit.. 60U0
16 rooms; transleut; only $400 cash 700
8 rooms; rtat; near City Hall 350
•18 rooms ;~on Sixth st. : cleurs $s0.. 8'W
24 ruoms; on Market st. ; clears #150 -V 1**
10 rooms; on Mason St.- new \ 750
32 ruoms; offlces; cleurs $250 3500
21 rooms; $BCO cash, balance payments... 1250
ABSTRACTS FRKK WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A ..SPECIAL NOTICE A
1-HAVE BARGAINS ,.
;••••••• KKAL, BARGAINS '
\\hloh pay me to advertise, which will pay
you to Investigate. Call and ace . them, lor
SEEING IS BKL1EVINO.
A FEW SAMPLES OK OUR LARGE LIST:
28 rooms; piano; clears $tw; payments.. $4uu
99 rooms: grand corner; clears $t>00 0950
42 rooms; cost $12.000 to furnish 7wjO
6 rooms; .corner flat; payments 360
9 rooms; $125. cash. bal. payments 350
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash, bui: pymts 7o0
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $9o 1500
110 rooms ; modern: hotel; clears $tf>0 10.0-.-i>
20 rooms; Koud location; moneymaker... 7iJ
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN oil
A. H. RETSLOKF. '9C6 Market -st., corner
Ellin, room 12.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. nns. 1. 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL UU1LDING. i
He has bcon 111 tlit.s business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen— Business Is looming.
Money to loan— payablo monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses:
23 rooms; rent $30; corner; worklngmcn..$500
14 rooms; Post St.; rent $55; clears $65 — »'••»
7 rooms; Leavenworth «t. ; 2 floors; new. 5jO
11 rooms; near Sutler; Axmlnst^r carpels. 75")
16 r. : apartments; newly painted: rent J50. SJ'>
80 rooms; rent $200; moneymaker 360')
40 rooms; central; clearB $150 month 2W)
J8 rooms; sunny corner: 2 floors; rent $70..'9.'Jl
.63 rooms; rent $150; fine location 4GO0
A. CAMERON & CO..
8&0 Market st. and S Stockton st.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
SO r.. rent J4_T.. boarders, elegant fur t&OCO
44 r.. rent $120. Inc. $300. apart, house.... 3000
75 r.. fent $175. full, good Inc KM
24 r.. rent $S0, clear $75, trans., 3d st 1150
14 r.. rent $60. good furn.. Inc $105 1000
10 r.. rent $43. clears 140. good tur., carp.. 600
5 r.. rent $40; Hru»sels cp.rp.. housekpg 425
6 r.i rent $35. flne little flat ••••• 275
...."....Flat*. 3 to II rooms. $150 to $1000
Private residences. 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
COMPLETE furnishlnicH of G rooms: musf be
sold; price $125; terms $50 cash, balance pay-
ments. Call Monday.
G. \V. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market at., opposite Mason.
BUYERS— Before buying a houne go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
tale of your house send for or call on
O. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
i; rooms; rent S5u; clears f55; only $1000
Vj moms; rent $55; lea»c: part cash 1(00
32 rooms: rent $100; elegant place 3150
35 rooms; must sell: make offer HX>0
41 luomi; rent SS7: money-m«ker ~*o>)
24 rooms: rent (•£; part cash 10>»
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 18*)
2s rooms; rent $50: clears $10<) KM
40 rooms; cheap rent: north of Market.... 3^00
1:0 rooms: rml ttlO; profits SI61O yearly..*. 2500
WINSTON * WOLF. 10Z6 M.irk-t St.
H K A LY~& Tl ENDERSON. ~~~
6 Eddy St., 18-19.
\\> don't keep good houses.
We irll thi>m. S»e these:
130 rooms; rletrtric lights flS.OOo
7-room flat; McAlllMter st 250
S-room flat: new; rent $45 "50
10 rooms; G. O.: new 650
!S rooms: downtown: elegant Z.j-v
HKALY & HENDERSON.
, « Eddy st.. » and IS: Phone James 2771
1J ROOMS on O'Farrell st.7 cheap: price K50.
> 12 rooms on Seojnd tl.': great bargain: price
It rooms on Eddy St.: great bargain.
20 rooms on Suiter st.: price $SQO.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
• offlce under a thorough Investigation: for any
Hue of budnesa call at our office. 993 Markrt
*t.. roonu 1 and 2. McimiDK & CO. Real
Estate and Auctioneers. #
liooft-n ROOMS: rent $G: J7^> cash; clears $65.
DECK - CO.. 927 Market st.. ro.jm 26».
SEE this house; It Is a bargain: rent J40; JCOO
can remain; clears »iO. DECK A CO 9*7
Market St.. room 70%. »
WANTED-Lodglng-house of IS rooms or more:
will pay *jiot c-afh for same; state full par-
ttculars and location; no agents. H<»x 13""
Call o.'flce.
A-NOTICK-We have roomlng-hotites. all size*
and prices. In all part* of the city: get our
list Hrnt._MjTCHKLL A CO.. lSOfi Market #t. |
KLKCJANTLY furniihcd. I4-rooin7~flr»ncia»"» |
noarding Jiousf r O r nale reasonable. Apply '
ut sto \an Nfus nve. I
SI>IRITUAL.1SM.
MISS M. WILLK, mo»l wonderful cfairvoya'nt
and crystal «r«>r. l.itr of Purlo. tells you tvery
thing; if you are In trouble, discontented un-
hapj.y »r not vntlmlrd In life, come nnd ton-
suit me: Hltttnirs Zt.-c up; hours 9 a. m. to 8
P. m. Z2S.\ Kills rt. j
A-.MIU:. UK. I'AltNHAM. spiritual medium '
and life reader: mining a «p*clully: elr. hun.. I
Wtq. and Krlday timing*. IwCi Matk-i st. '
Miss M.WIlle.altfA Ellis st.TjTwitrrt of "alT crys- i
tal se« r»: reads your life correctly; full iiimiim '
given; tlttlnss 50c up; J qurgtlons by ninll $1. \u25a0
BROCKWAY*S p«><-hlc neanre. Sunday. Tu«-s- i
clay. . tiiri..1ny. 8:li p. in..- ZZr: trailings Uallv. j
r.» Hy.le. cor. Kl.ly; |,hine Hyde K6I. ' |
MRS. HUBBARD. M Onk M.; circlrrTiirg.lav !
and Friday. S |>. m.; Widm-sday, ladles, 2;3j
t'. m.. 10c; rea.llnns dally. Me.
MKS. J. J. WHITXKV. Iranrr. bu^. i:i«dlum;
llle read«r; inrdlral. clairvoyant: mttincr. $l;
Ulttr. I?. f,t< OFurtell >r; Kill- ,sr.
HARMACHI2IS, occult in.-. limn; <-lrclcs Sun., i
Tu«*g..Wc.L.KVLcve». ;r»lKi-.Oally. S32 O'Farrell. !
PROF. Gee. 1CS 6th-|{radlnxrwJe"^nd"7r:Tir. '
every night f^L^Jb ._ 1 *:.: i % 'i_. " uWll . r " »'->• |
MRH. LE8TKR, circle 8 p.~Tn.. "lOc: readings ?
SOc ar..| «1. US Sixth, r. lr; tel. Hmvtt.l ||;j. \u25a0
FRIENUHHIH Itotk 3j". M.-Alliiter-iir*. C. J. !
Meyer; sitting dally; tcm to sll to-nUht. 10c. I
ClJAlRVO*V.\.\Tg. j
; PERMANENTLY LOCATED ••\u25a0-*" ' I
IN lilb o\\';< HOME,
41? BLL18 »T.
PSYCHIC, TKANCK.* CLA1MVOYANT MK-
I>1UM. Ho stranee is tha work of iiltM.v.V
that without a word, without r question, he
tells you what you tunic for, Just what you !
want to know. Hu kIvc* numc*. dates, fact*
and locations in tho vast problems of life, cor-
rect Information about all afTHlrs. love, court-
ship, lnarrluice, 'divorce, salev, wills, property,
old 1 stut.-H. speculation, - discuses, pensions,
patents, Investments, etc., etc., in «hII their
varied and mulil.'urious details. He recog-
nizes, none ns his butieiior who by any menus i
nd.-lnos anil for.aelU nvents arising throush j
cause and effeit. His remarkable i,syc-hk. I
power huii won r« r him a reputation that has j
been accorded to but lew. Lowest fee, $1 thlv
.week. Everything Kuarnntecd or -no chargv. I
WK8LBY ORMAN,
Permanently located fn his own home. 41?
KLLIH _T. Hours, lo. 0. ni. to 7:3o p. m.;
bundtty*. 10 a. in. to 2 p. ni.
MME. M. BERNAltD. . • ~ ••\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
_, ; THE FAMOUS ; . :
Clairvoyant nnd business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bl.Jg. She
reads your lire correctly, gives nn accurate d*.
scrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. It you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcame
them. Valuable advice In all affairs ot life;
2to up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. v
MRS^DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
M; . \u2666"•elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
• anteea by mall; send 'stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MADAME NATILLA. clairvoyant and palm-
> 1st— Information given on business, . love.
marriage, etc. ; has power to assist you In
every dilemma of life; fees reas'; special
, rates palm, lessons this week; read, by mall;
send $1 with stamped, cnvel'p., 334 O'Farrell.
PRINCESS FATIMA of the trlble of Aloho-
bar. Bedouins; from Horan, near Damascus;
lire readings through esoteric astronomy;
limited engagement In, this city, Oct. 15
Jo Nov. -21; hour* 10 to 12, 1 to 5 and 7 to 9.
1008V, Market >t.. room 1. second floor. . .
Miss M.WIIle.82«A Ellis St.. greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, SOo up; » questions by mall $L-
MRS. ARMSTRONG, sclentiflo palmist, astroN
ogist, clairvoyant reader; 50c, $1; hours, 1 to
8, 7 to 8. 1C65 Broadway. Oakland, room t.-
VANDERBILT, clairvoyant; card reader, Bun-
.days and evenings only; 8 questions answered;
\ 25o and 60c. '328 Eddy st. - --.\u25a0? V ,^. . .-33
THE SAN FRA!nCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1901.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
A REAL treat Is in store for any one who will
take the trouble- to call and bear the won-
derful Simplex piano player as it Is exhibited
in our warerooms every day: it is. the best
on the market THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 :
A I'ACT worth remembering is this, you get ;
your money's worth when you buy a piano i
from -us; we sell the famous Decker & Son •
and Baumeister: " cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest '
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
told upon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., '
' Oakland. ' >j
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $35 up.
8econd-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from 525 up; new up-
right jilanos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
A SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Ma-
son and Hamlln. Vobo. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within- 3 'years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell (t: established 1830^
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
role agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davts; great bar-
- gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $185 up; Fischer.
\u25a0 $100; Chlckering. $165; 20 others: rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright $125; elegant walnut
casp; Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs. *2i
up. BOWERS A SON. 23 Fifth St., IVER3
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure t4 realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of hlgh-grada
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos -for -a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck, Everett. Conover, Packard. Ludwlg.
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market st,
: 8. F.; (Branch Store, 831 Broadway, Oakland).
ONLY Monday and Tuesday; account depart-
ure, elegant grand upright piano for a third
value; fine carved case, standard make; also
kitchen stove, table, chairs. 3009 Sixteenth.
STEINWAY & SON'S square: news strings:
new hammers: good as new.- Catlbct. 9 ani
12 a. m. or 2-5 p. m. to-day. NW. corner
Fourteenth and Guererro sts.
WANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for eoun-
try schools. BYRON MAL'ZY. 308-10-12 Post.
WANTED— Second-hand piano; cheap: state
make and lowest price. Box 1122, Call.
A 3-PKDAL Steinway upright; as good as
new; a sacrifice. 22 Turk st.
PIANO, upright, nearly new. for sale cheap.
140. Minna at. . •
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. 593 Ellis st
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
CARLOAD $400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN. M8 Post st
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale: cost $330;
now $385; party going away. 217 Geary tt.
$25— HERTZ ptano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $S9. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mausy. Lester Hamilton.
Splelmann pianos. 3CS Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $223; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand uoright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sa!<^ Antisell large upright $126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary st.. room 3«. .
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'B, »6 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St. near Market—
Bhonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CXJRTAZ Piano Co.. ttO Hayea.
. OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE. 29x40, with four rooms above: Kearny-
Merchant sts.. Hall of Justice. 413 Kearny.
THREE fine office?, suitable for doctor, dentist,
hairdresser, etc. 10H Sixth st.
TO let— Store and stable at 1CC6 Oak st. F. D.
EVELETH. i^ .
328 PACIFIC and S04 Sansome st. 2 handsome
store?, cheap. '"
OIL.
OIL tank*, second-hand. In good order; all
sixes: cheap. II. B. WHITE. S16 Mission st \u25a0
~ ~ ~ \u25a0 PALMISTRY.
uTjEROME I FOSELlV. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PAINTERS ASO DECORATORS.
JTcTrOMAIN E. «40 dTo. ave. ; phTnVpolk"lS;
best quality' work: lowest prices; get figures.
ROOMS papered $3 up: whitening done. HART-
MAN PAINT CO.. tel. Red 3521.. 319 Third st
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy positively restores gray
and faded hair to natural color without dye.
Proof, one preparation restores all shades and
colors, blande. aih blonde, red. all shades of
brown (preserving the glint or golden hue pe-
culiar to brown hatr> and black. If a dye It
would dye all shades same color. Also cures
dandruff, stops falling, grows new hair, bold
by druggists and hairdressers. Ask for -It.
Take no other. It's guaranteed. The Star
\u25a0Kemedy Co.. 3S5 Geary st.. 9. F.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curioi and an-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL, US Geary
St.. largest curio store in America; visitor.*
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
J5 CASH, and $1 per month for 20 months, will
buy 100 shares cf oil stock In company now
drilling on cream oil land half a mile from
railroad: first well tn oil almost finished,
promising - great producer: call and investi-
gate. SILVER feTAR OIL COMPANY. 6CS
Safe Deposit building.
HAIR and scalp diseases cured, ahampooed hair
dried by the sun; facial massage with hydTO-
vacu treatment removes wrinkles and black-
heads; superfluous hair destroyed by the elec-
tric needle. E. R. IHJNLAP. 34 Kearny «t.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. Hi: with these suits we make an extra-
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. II weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
Si 50 per bottu. For circulars. Pinua Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia st, S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale;' also
chenille- wove rugs, stlk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
GOOD work, politeness^ cleanliness is what you
find at Lederer's halrdresslng store; 25c aham-
puolng. SOc hair dyeing. Q. Lederer. 123 Stktn.
MAN and wife, experienced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epileptics a spe-
clarty ; references furnished. MERIAM. 229
Golden Gate ave. *
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
Uc to II 60 per night; $1 W to W per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess T You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
" and The Designer now ready. J, W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market st.. near .Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar t with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 3SM
Eighteenth st. corner Guerrero.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 111
West Forty-second St.. N. T. \u25a0
CULTURED woman, stranger In city, discour-
aged with ' small salary, would make model
wife for business gentleman. Box 1108, Call.
A RESPECTABLE lady. 24. would like to meet
family of means willing to pay for college
bustneas course; no triflers. Box 1117,' Call.
REFINED widow,- 30, wishes the acquaint-
ance of gentleman of means; object matrl*
mony; references exchanged. Box 12S9, Call.
GENTLEMAN In business, 46, wishes to meet
a -lady, with, honorable matrimony object;
good references. J. H. a, box 1310, Call ohlce.
MANICURING, shampooing, massaging, \u25a0 hair-
dressing at your home or office: send postal
MABLM L. MORRIS. 405 Leavenworth st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. removed
free for one week by electric needle. DR.
\u25a0 LULA BROOKS. Mission and Blxteenth sts!
MeCABJTs Detective Agency, handles all legit-
imate detective^ business. Emma Spreckels
| bldg.. rooms 333-314. 8, P. ; tel. South 3S1.
AT cash prloes; ladles- fUor-made suits, coata.
oilk wafsts. trimmed hats, skirts, etc.: weekly
payment*. C F. ADAMg.CO.. 1M fifth st
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or^ double $3 15. BJA8.TKRN. OUTF1TT1KO
CO., H10-J3U Stockton st.. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S £eauty Cream. Secret of
. continual youth : SOo, postpaid ; free demon.
_• straUon; came and see ua. t . Bon-Ton. M4, Post
SPANISH, lessons >glv«n by: a- nattve Spanish'
. teacher; > translations. , 613 \ McAllister, st M
-_'_ r - '\u25a0 FERSOWAJL» ! ~Contlniigd.
PASTRIES, pies) cakes and bread lessons given'
by an expert; private families. Institutions,
hotels and restaurants; charges very moder-
ate. Box 1313. Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years* experience. J. D. RAY, 437 Minna st.-
SEND stamp for' list books which can't bo
f bought elsewhere. Booka. 406 Eaat 75th. N. T.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal*
skina. Box 1205. Call.
. A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 33c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP ' that ''cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phene Pine 23M.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. QOLDSTEIN&CO..73S Market
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS tt CO.. tallora. 115 Kearny st. '
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, |2M.
Mtsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; SOo
per gallon. Ill Van Nesa ave. •
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter »t.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THB
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. tet. 18th & l*t>.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all* druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to lt» natural color; II; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
PLAXIXG ASP TUKXIXG MILLS.'
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 35 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SVRCKOXS.
DR. C. c7~O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021% Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR.' WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: aes>
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-788 Clay st; see testimonials at office.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Good :>roperty for saloon from $7000
to $3000; corner preferred. Box 1105. CalL
RE A I. R5«TAT^E— -CIT Y — -V O * SAtB.
O. D. BALDWIN. & SON.
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
$135.C00— Rents $S63 per month, and can oe
largely Increased; corner on Kearny st..
wit.* 100 feet frontage; 3-story and
basement brick building; always rent-
ed; a magnificent Investment. *
$62,300—Mason St., near Eddy: lot SSxS2:8; clasa
to Market st.; tn the heart of the city:
will pay handsomely If properly Im-
proved.
$40,00C-Corner on Eddy st; Inside of Larkin:
improvements consist of stores and
lodging-houses; leased for several years
at *245 per month; lot 37:«x«7:6: no
expenses except taxea and Insurance. \u25a0
$42,000— Rents $230; corner on Post St.. near
Taylor; 3-story and basement building;
stores and fiats; lot 57x67:4.
$37,ECO— Rents $303; elegant new building con-
taining stores and fiats; northeast cor-
ner on Devisadero st- ; extra large lot.
$23,000— Rents J189; houses on Mason st, near
Sutter; lot 53x112; a «ure Income prop-
osition.
ns.COO— Fine residence and NE. corner lot. 73x
127:8. with magnificent unobstructed
marine view; on Presidio Heights; house
contains 12 rooms, bath; finished base-
ment etc.
;?},CttV-Elegant residence containing 14 rooms.
porcelain bath; furnace; finished base-
ment on finest block on Golden Gate
ave.; lot 70x110.
$l?,0CO— Large handsome house of 13 rooms, etc.,
on Buchanan st, near Pacific ave.: lot,
34x109:6.
rW.OOO— Seventh St., near Howard: rents H7O
per month; large lot; ICO feet frontage;
a fine investment
$17,500— Rents $l£0 per month; 3 new flats of 6.
7 and 7 rooms and bath, on north line
of Bush st., near Mason.
$13, 50" — Elegant house of 12 rooms; S porcelain
baths, furnace; hardwood floors; fin-
ished In natural woods throughout; on
Jackson st. near Central ave.; marine
view; lot 31:6x127:8.
$5,500— Very nice pair of fiats, containing 5
and 6 rooms and bath each, on sunny
side of Bush st. near Fillmore; splen-
did location; lot 21 feet frontage.
$H,<XQ— Grandest northeast corner lot on Pre-
sidio Heights; unobstruct&ble marine
view; size 37:6x137:3.
$4,600— Clay St.. north line, near Sprue* «t.;
let 00x190; this is a snap.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., S. "t.
A BIG CORNER.
With three frontages; centrally located; a
transfer corner on Mission st.; must be sold;
price $(9,00i>; an offer wanted; investigate this.
A CHEAP LOT.
On Clay St.: Presidio Heights; cheapest lot
in the district; price only $1500.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Flue lots at the corner of Scott and Mc-
Allister sts.: each Z7:6xl37:6; splendid location
for flats; price $3250 each.
RENT H9— PRICE $4300.
Three flats near Buchanan st; » rooms and
bath each; very low rent.
IN THE PANHANDLE.
Three fine new modern flats of ? rooms each;
rent $102 50; price $10,500.
VALLEJO ST.
Splendid modern residence of 9 rooms; finely
finished throughout, with uninterrupted marina
view; price $13.»X>.
FOLSOM ST.
Between Third and Fourth sts.: lot 20xS0;
store and rooms above; rent $2; price f3200.
HOWARD ST. FLATS.
Near Twelfth st; new; plumbing, etc.. la
good condition: rented for $63 monthly; price
$7000: onTer wanted. ,
SHIPLBT ST. LOT. •
Kear Fifth st; with old house; price only
SUSfc
CLAYTON ST. HOME.
Modern 8-room house; offered $40 rent; prlos)
$5000.
MODERN HOME.
On Vallejo St.. near Buchanan; Just put Into
first-class condition; fine sunny lot and marine
view; T rooms "and basement; ortce $SO0O.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
On Duncan at; a rooms and bath; must be
sold at once as owner leaves State; price $1600;
mortgage of $1000 can stand.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery St.. S. F".
CENTER, A SPADER,
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House Block.
$10. COO— Washington st. : corner residence, tt
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; large lot SOxS7:(;
particulars at office.
$6500— Modern J-Jtory house on Jones st: M
rooms, bath and basement: large lot 30x99.
$J5«>— Snap-; modern cottage on Castro St.: I
rooms and bath; lot 25x£0. >
$1SOO— Cheap corner let on Castro and Elisa-
beth 'sts. ; 26x105. • t •
$4730— Rents $40; t modern flats on Steiner st.
near Golden Gate ave.; lot !5xS7:6.
$3300— Rents $42 50; Grove st. : 3 flats. 6 rooms
each: lot 25x137:6. . - v
$4300— Bujh st. near Fillmore; 3-story house.
C rooms and bath; lot 23x120 to rear street.
$1SOO— Snap; an offer wanted for lot on Hayea
St.. near Lyon; 23x137 :6>.
$3000— Fillmore st.. near Oak; choice lot; suit-
able for flats; 37:6x110: make an offer.
$5300— Rents $77 SO per month; 3 new up-to-
date flats, 6. 1 and S rooms: on Folsom st: lot
23x100.
$2300— Two-story house. 3 tenements. 7 rooms
each, renting for , $23; Rondell place, oft Six-
teenth st; this Is cheap property.
$3300— Rents $.11; 3 bay-window flats on Fair
Oaks St., near Twenty-third, containing 3 and
• rooms; lot 30:6x117:6 to rear street.
\u25a0 CENTER A SPADER.
A SMALL payment down is all now 5 rooms
and bath cottage on north side of 33d st. will
cost you. The balance you can pay oft with
your regular rent money. Try it as others
have, and you will feel happy. Don't delay,
as others will get ahead of you. Agent James
Cotter on place.
Also 4 rooms and bath opposite terminus
Valencia-st cars.
Large 2-story house on 49th ave.. fronting
the . boulevard and overlooking the Pacific
Ocean: a splendid . location for a hotel: lot
£0x120; 2 blocks from electric car; easy terms.
$600 — 4 rooms; carhouse, 47th ave.. near
ocean beach.
-$350— a-roora house on Prentlss st.
4-room house on Arlington st; $10 monthly
payment \u25a0 \u25a0 • .
$100— Park lota near the new fortification;
great future property.
OUTSIDE OCKAN BEACH.
$1 DOWN, $1 MONTHLY.-
$300 to $730— Boulevard lots near ocean
beach: will be worth $3000 within 10 years.
i Alvln tract, near Elmhurst station. Ala-
raeda County: IS minutes' ride from Oakland:
lots 23x125. $30; $1 down,. $1 monthly; » lots
sold last month. I have lota in different parts
of the city: easy terms. » - .
:.--.••\u25a0... JACOB HBTMAN, 117 Sutter at
LOOK at this new modern cottage of 4
rooms and bath In the Mission; pay rent and
get a new home at the same time on your
own terms; own your own home and shake
the landlord. Apply to ' D. COFFIN. 1 3323
Mission st - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.-' '\u25a0 "'".••
$10,000— House. 12 rooms and hath: coat tX.OM
to build;, lot TSxlOO: corner Falrmonnt and
Laldley sts.: splendid residence for wealthy
family; grand view. HEALT A CILLESPIE.
the sola agent*. CO Market st. \u25a0 - - • . \u25a0
$300 CASH. $30 monthly: new 6-room homes In
Mission warm belt. HENRY FEIC.K. builder
'and l owner, 1068'Capp st-- - > >\u25a0 -'>'.. '
FOR sals— Good income property; splendid lo-
catlon cheap. Box 1111. Call office. -. , , >
$3000— NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms: laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x130. Call
after 5 p. m., 4(2 Douglass st. near 21st •* c r.
For Additional Classified -, AdyertlW^
* * .menta Se« Page Thirty-Four. v "
"*'»"''" '*' '" > '» .i" \u25a0* *\u25a0*-/''-- * '" ' "."•*-•."' •'*, \u25a0 \u25a0 "]smS^s>'*s£ Mrt
. HF.I.P WANTED — NAI.R— Cos.
\u25a0\u25a0 "** \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.- — \u25a0 ........ \u25a0\u25a0 — ,\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0-
BOY wanted;, good wages; steady Job. 10» Cali-
fornia st., room 21. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 - , . /
BOY wanted to asBlst In butcher shop. Apply
::Q3 clay st. - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '. . •
OKI you* shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to roc. T,t3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d u'ts.
PHOTOGRAPHER; operator who retouches;
permanent, liox 1260. Call office. \u25a0 '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Renci House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night;- $1 to $2 per week. -
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week*
required; tools donated; position* guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARKER COL-
LKOE, 635 Clay st. .
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C JACOBSON,
Hakersneld. Cal. \u25a0
ELDERLY man who understands • nursery
work and florist buslnesn. Call 500 HaiKht.
WANTED— Engravers. Apply at SHREVE A
CCS? factory. 403 Market st. , \u25a0 ... _
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged,' half
price. 663 Mission St.. bet. let and 2d sts.
I YOUNG, men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
BAILORS orillnnry. for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart tit.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. II. Thomas Post, G. A. R..
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. £>c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and bnggage to and from ferry.
A MUNCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established \ at 1096
Valencia *t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmnre sr,
HORSES ASP WACOM.
DO not fall to nttend the special auction sale
Wednesday October C3, nt 11 a. m.. at tins
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. \u25a0
~A HUNDRED head of well broke Geri.-'an
nriny horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, lun arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market ft.
FOR sale— Young driving mare, pacer, not
afraid of Ftroet or steam cars .or automo-
biles; absolutely snynd. Address Owner. Ag-
new, Cal. '.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth at.
130 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. 8. F\
BEAUTIFUL saddle horse or for busgy; also
delivery animal. 507 Jessie 81.
HORSE and wagon for sale at a bargain. 612
Post st. •
WANTED— Two horses to use In light delivery
\u25a0wag jr.. WIKSTER CO.. 22 Second at.
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. V.'. Howard st.
A BARGAIN in k<o<? carriage, saddle, business
anrt raaJ aenw. DALZ1EL. 60S G. G. »ve.
3 DOUBLE* teams for 'sale. Apply D. RING.
1542 Union bt. ____
ONE second-hand express wagon: also one
light business wagon. 1370 Turk st.
CHRAP— Xew panel body delivery. 1 Hungry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 gioory wagon. KS Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EUAN & SON. 2117 Mls-tsn st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: al*i light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 5*2 MUsiuu.
YOUNG Jersey calf for sale. Apply 3531 Sacra-
mento st., near Laurel.
DISSECTING sutjects wanted. s] R Vet.
Col.. 510 G. O. av«.. Dr. E. J. Cre-ly, dean,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and s«bscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. K00 Flllmore st.
HOSPITALS.
MKNTAL and hervous diseases cared for at ST.
KLMO HOSPITAl*. 230 Douglass tt.. S. F
llOISKS TO LET.
A-PRINTED list hounes to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMHSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$1&— (-ROOMS: near l*owell and Washington, j
or will sell: {•"•"' cash, balance $25 per month. I
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
FOR rent— An elegantly furnished 9-room
boure: reasonable; no small children: call
mornlr.fss bet. 10 and 12. UZi Fulton St. J
CLAY. 333. Presidio Heights-Perfect order; I
furnace; {35 month; apply oa premises. , ;. i
EIGHT-ROOM bouse, on Hutter St.. to let; fur- |
clture for sale. Call at Zt O'Farrelt st.. r. 2.
HOUSE. 7 rooms: newly papered; $12. 1142 Mis-
slon tt.. above Seventh.
I KEARNY. 1ZZZ. near Greenwich — Small house. 6
rooms: rent $S; water free. Key 1S67 Kearny.
OAK. 2TI— House of 8 rooms and bath: 3 fin-
tthed rooms in basement.
PRESaDKTil>ii:hts-9 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$30—1711 Howard St.; 9 rooms; bay-window
houtc; basement and yard.
HOl'SK.I TO . , LET— FURNISHED.
A EUNNY cottage. 6 rooms, bath, ptano.
chickens, fruit tree*: Alameda: H block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. Ul Market
FOR rent In I*na Angeles— Handsome residence !
fully furnished; best residence section: eleyen j
rooms; two baths. OVERTON. 419 California.
HOISKS WAITED.
WANTED — Furnished hou?e about • rooms,
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view;
on or near car line; between Jonts and
Stelner, California and Vallejo sts. ; three
adults. Address li. Call branch office. 2300
Fillmore st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— la one of principal restaurants, two
diamond rings, one solitaire, other with three
diamonds; reward to finder. Address box
1237. Call office.
FRIDAY afternoon: Market, bet. Hale's A Lm-
porlunv} small black purae, containing $10 gold
and small change. 1217 Leavenworth: reward.
LOHT-Saturday. October 1». small Yorkrhire
terrier, black body, grey head, lavendcV rib*
bou with silver bell. Finder return to 1925
Jackson st. and receive reward. '
LOST— Brown Spanled bitch; license No. 3sm!
Return to Slmom-Font Brick Co., 18th and
Corbett ave., and receive liberal rewsrd.
LOST— Friday evening, a gold brooch set with
diamonds; $15 reward. MRS. MILI8, 11C0
California st.
LOST— At Orpheum. Saturday afternoon, a
sealskin collar; reward. Return 1046 McAllis-
ter at.
LOST— Gun metal ,*atch; Initials G. E. ,C.
Finder suitably rewarded at Hotel Baltimore.
LOST— Small parcel containing fancy work and
eyeglasses. 1'lease return to 1C03 Oeary at.
LOHT— Gold quartz chain. Finder will be liber-
ally rewarded by returning to 18 Devisadero.
LOST— Diamond star on night of October 9 at
lllshops' reception at Hopkins Art Institute
or on route between there and Mill Valley.
Suitable reward If returned to C. G. CAM-
BRON. 132 California st. .
LOST— From 2219 Devisadero St.. corner Wash-
Ington: collie pup; male; return; reward.
LOST— Three diamond rings In Oakland, near
Eighth and Adeline sts. Liberal reward If re-
turned to Dr. II. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth
St., Oakland. £ .
FOUND- Gentleman's Clevelsnd safety. Owner
can have same by calling tilM Harrison, rear.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th* Call for-
nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make ntw watqh cases. \u25a0
>IE ? DICALt •
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick idl In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
. medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate • cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on. all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases, DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A—Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience In midwifery cases:
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
A treats ladles before A during confinement;
-best care, attention: confinement $15; board $4
week; Infants adopted. 3S27 lHth st. ; Mission-
: st. cars: consultation free; phone Capp 2803.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is stlUiocated at
1328 Market; maternity home provided; office'
hours 10 a.- m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
H1NDOOHERB AND MR& DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1128- Market st.', 8. F. .,. . .'
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ia-
' dies' specialist; a prlv. home before and.duf-
ing confinement; best medical care; low feet.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles'- specialist; confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. WYETH, reliable ladles' specialist;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. ->. •"\u25a0•\u25a0.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
clallst, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern method* ; 25 yearr experience in 8. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
nlty hospital;. fee low, 908 Market St., opp. 4th.
DR. NO TOY KI5E, 310 1 Stockton it., opp.
Union square; all discuses cured by herbs.
- ,MATTRKS»Kg AAD PILLOWS.
' TO order, also . cleaned and sterilized, . uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning) honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tri. Bush 421.
MISCKLLANEOUS— FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 11)5-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
' ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second "hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outflts on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021,° 1023
,, Mission st, above' Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
. Works, cor: Howard and Beale sts. '
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.: also wood- working tools, auch as
band Maws, wood planers, shapcrs, stickers,
mortlsers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINB. 220
Fremont \u25a0 st. '. . - \u25a0
RARE Persian ruga collected while In Turkey;
will sacrifice for nominal prices or will ex-
change same for diamonds; cause leaving
city. Address L. MANOUK. 620 Guerrero st.
63-INCH steam mangle, 36-Inch extractor, 9-
rack. steam dry room complete, 15 H. P. flre-
box boiler. 8 H. P. engine. 149 Minna st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND 1901 Cleveland, Stearns, Ram-
bl<*r. Snell. chalnless Spau'dlng and cheaper
wheels: closing out. 607 Mission st.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
1 suitable Tor carpenter shop; also No. I
j Hooker sttam pump. 843 Howard st l
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
.boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.,
; 9-17 Stevenson St.. near First. .
FINE suits. $10: 'dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
.CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora bats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 880 Kearny St.. near Pine.
$300 CERTIFICATE, the Realty Syndicate. 6%,
10 years, comp. yr. due; $275. Box 1114. Call.
FOR Sale— Complete nickel and silver plating
outfit; at once. IS Polk st. \u25a0
TWO railroad tickets for sale from San Fran-
cisco to Los Angelej cheap. 539 Howard St. •
GAS engine; perfect condition; only used few
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn., 524 Sutter.
W H. P.. eeonomlzpr boiler with engine mounted,
all complete; as good ns new; $175. 516 Mission.
GASOLINE launch with house. 22 ft. long, 7 ft.
beam. Inquire 446 Parrott building.
FOR sale-5x7 long focus premo camera; bar-
gal n. Address box 1304. Call office.
BOOKS by standard authors; a few sets oa
very easy payments. Box 1273, Call office.
CHEAP, 4 H. P. gasoline engine; 2 steam
pumps; all kinds tools. Ll Sparber. i\i Mission.
FOR sale— A fresh Jersey cow. 4150 Seven-
teenth st. .
3 TRAINED hunting dogs cheap. 1716 Sut-
ler st.* \
FOR sale — Horse and phaeton ror family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store. 1044 Valencia.
HAH on tilts, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission «t.
PHOTO bnrcaln list No. 17 now ready .for
mblllng. 109 Montgomery tt. -
OFFER wanted on small stock millinery. Ad-
dress 523 E. Eleventh St., East Oakland.
LARGE vault front: also large fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO.. 42 Main St.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; J55; re-
tluctlon. H. . F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress A Tux-
edo suite. Portland Loan OfHcc. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JKWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 12« Kearny St.. room 2?.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sices, new and Id-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission at.
SAFES— New and eecond hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Bt-ale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hoy scale; Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 2H California st.
MISCKLLAXEO18 WASTS.
WANTED— A 11C0 or ICOO volt single phase" al-
ternating dynamo. Address C. W. LANG-
STOFF. Forett Hill. Cal.
WASTKU-M gallons of cream delivered dally
In Oakland. Address R.- R. BROWN. 454
Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Small second hand press or small
printing outfit; cheap. Box 126*. Call office.
TO exchange— Black cocker spaniel field dog
for ladles' bicycle; 8 mos. old. 43 Albion ave.
PHYSICIAN'S operating chair or table; state
price. Room 9. 14244 Park St.. Alameda.
STAMPED checks bought: also documentary
ftami*. R. GARVtSY. 103 Call building.
WANTED— Small room with use of strain for
heating purposes. Box 1253. Call. >
WANTED-Ocod sealskin coat: U or SS bust.
U32 Polk nt^
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
• theatrical good*. 154 »th st.: tel. Folsom 2523.
MONEY TO LO AS.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at * per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ami country property; second
mortgage*. Ufa Insurance A securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
\u25a0 ny or above securities. Tel. Hed 5034. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. !
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.'...
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLOAN
S4 Montgomery St.. room 3
$:50.0CO— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terrtts In real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 397
Parrott building.
ANT proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. • Room 16.
1st floor.. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlng-
$5,000,000 at C% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sixes. If your prop-
, crty Is mortgaged and you need moro money
wee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AMT proposition; any amount: 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests- chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny St., room 314. "
RELIABLE corporation, established 1SCS. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry. >
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY' respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84* Market
St.; fl. Main 1644. BTanch 19 Third st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent: smaller amounts at
5; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location ot property. 1\
O. box 2073.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ays., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1(03, .,
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or. pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker A Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at • per cent per
annum. MORRELL, .60). Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission ; conftden-
tlsl. \u25a0 Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal;.* money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker*
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room W.
LOANS on piano*, furniture without rtmovml,
libraries, goods In warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowesj rates; prlv.'Ormsby. 26 Montg..offlca 7.
ON' SALARIES without 'Indorser; other propo-
1 sttlona,' 8.. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
MONET loaned salaried people without secur-
ityi Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.; 431 California.
8% on furniture and piano*: f IS up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos ; no removal; no
\u25a0 commls.; confidential, white head. 1706 Market.
ON furniture, planoa: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private, i LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 30» Montgomery st, r. L.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. B. RCDELL, an 8an»om> st.
THB * TOU8LET t * Company;, loans and . dis-
counts. . Ml Parrott building. ; >
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Bastera
x irtan. Wtitcrn Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
1716 Sut-
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY fc READY Phone Main WHS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open. 7 a. m. Monday
000 R. R. men ....'
Free Ka r <» Free
• Free — Ukiah— Free
C. N. \V. R. R
Free— Ukiah— Free
M teamster*. I'kiah free fare
50 lal>orers. Ukiah .\u25a0 free fare
50 steel and ballast mm, Ukiah free
SHIP TWICE DAILY
MECHANICAL HKLP.
CARPENTERS
fi carpenters, near city $3 day
Carpenter, mining company $73
Woodworker, country shop $45 and •found
Holler-maker, mining company J3 60 day
Hlacksniith helper, ranch ?35 and found
Tinsmith for a larpe company $! V) day
Hoisting atui stationary engineer... »S0 to'?90
Furnace man for a mine JS.1 nnd house
Horwshorr. cainp J52
lJcr.ch hand. planlnR mill, country.... $3 day
LABORERS
5 laborere. no experience, factory. ..$1 75 flay
5 laborers, city $27 50 ami M.; no blankets
10 Italian laborers, quarry near city $60
f« laborers, city and country. $1 73 to $2 60 Jay
19 muckers, large mlntng company.. Y $75
MISCELLANEOUS ....*.
Kami saw filer, sawmill company $100
. DoRRcr. 6a\vmtll company HO and tound
10 lahororF. no experience required, to work*
sawmills and woods $37 :>0 and found
10 2 and 4 horse teamster*, .mining districts...
?• and $2 25 day
5 laborers, no experience. "Jc fare.. .$34 and Id
10 rsnch teamsters $26 ami $30 and found
» milkers $30 and $35
Farmer and wife. Jl fare $35 and found
IS farm and orchard hands (26 and $30
Handy man. country furniture store, t? day;
choreman. Catholic Institution, $M; boy to
drive milk wagon. $15 and found: foreman for
a email ranch who understands machinery,
etc.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop $40 and found
Dutcher and drive peddling wagon, country
thop
Young- man. drive butcher wapon and look
after horse*. $23 and found
Cook, near city. $50; 7 cooks, city and coun-
try; & waiter*, city and country; pantry man,
kitchen help, etc. MURRAY & KKADY, 634-
636 Clay st.
FOR retail store; dry goods man and a cloth-
ing and furnishings man wanted. Apply
SACHS BROS. & CO., corner 8ani<ome and
Bush Ms.. Monday. October SL between 11:30
and 12:?i> a. tn.
WANTED — Reliable man to solicit for new
"special" magazine; good proposition. Send
references an>l particulars to room 34, Work-
nian block. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED-Young man for dellU?ry waybill
clerk; must be well acquainted with location
of street*. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m..
HALE BROS.'
DELIVERY; wagon driver: well acquainted
with city and residing with parents; state
salary and experience. Box 1112. Call office.
WANTED— Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewing machines at Greenebaum,
Weil & Mlchers factory. 531 Mission st.
WAXTED-Boy to work in restaurant, help la
kitchen and wait at tables; no Sunday work;
call Monday. 544 Mission st.
EXPERIKNCED stenographer of good educa-
tion; salary $75. Address California Business
Collere. 305 J-arkin St.. |
BOY about 16 to learn candy making; must be
strong and willing to work; call Monday.
PARRY'S. 13M Market at.
WASTED — All-round man In second-hand fur-
niture «ore. H. SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh
»t.. Oakland.
YOUNG man. 5ome experience, to drive butcher
wagon and care of horses. WARREN. 2318
Flllmore «.
IMMKDIATELY— Several first-class sheet iron
workers. Apply American Can Co., 7th and
TowBsend at».
WANTED—; flrst-claas clothing ralestnen.
Boston Clothing Co., 773 Market *t.
WANTED— A bushelman at- Boston Clothing
Can, 773 Market sil
BOY wanted Monday morning at 693 Fulton
street.
WANTED— Salesman familiar with mechanical
rubber goods. Address box 1115. Call.
POUR cood painters for outside work. 1330
Market st.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted for Martinez. Ap-
ply to M. J. O'MALLEY. merchant tailor.
Martinez. Cal.
W.VNTED— Errand boy. Call Monday 6 Calt-
fornla st., room 22-
WANTED— Dentist : must be good operator;
also good laboratory man. Box 13W. Call.
WAITER wanted at the Oolden West Hotel.
6S Ellis ft.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. UQ7 Market St.,
near Eleven th.
HOY about 17 years to do general work. L.
SAMTER & SON. 518 Market st.
WANTED— Sober second cook; no Sunday
work; wages SS. 603 Mission st. |
COOK wanted. East Lake Hotel, corner Bay |
and Webster sts.
WANTED — A good bushelman. 1709 Clay st.
EXPEP.IENCED coatmakers in ladles' tallor-
lng. I. V1SHOOT, Ladles' Tailor. 1427 Polk.
BLACKSMITH with $130 can find steady em-
ployment; security for money. 205 Eighth. st.
WANTED— A boy about 15 ox 15 years old for
an elevator. Call 157 Post st.
AGENTS wanted for "Ltfe and Distinguished
Sen-Ices of Wm. McKlnley." by Murat Hal-
stead, etc; COT pages; only $1; biggest book*
lowest price, fastest seller; sgents' profits 100
to SCO per cent; we sell all the different Mc-
Klnley books and allow same profits; we nave
all our agents money: outfits fine. Standard
Pub. House. Dept. Q. Chicago.
CIVIL Service Government positions— MSI ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10.009
this year; common school education required
for the examination: catalogue Information
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C
AMBITIOUS representatives; wages $2 day;
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement. 2Of Stata St.,
New Haven, Conn.
WANTED— Nov. L for law office, stenographer
and typist. If to 18. who desires to study law.
Address P. O. box =37, Merced. Cal.. in his
handwriting.
GENTLEMAN of indomltabls energy and push;
good opportunity to right man.* F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
A BRIGHT young man about 19 years of age
for general work in our cutting room. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Toung man who is an experienced
domestic salesman. Apply bet. 8 and 10:30
a. m.. HALE BROS.
WANTED— Bright boy IS to IS years of age.
Apply bet. « and 10:80 a. m. HALE BROS.
WANTED— A competent and experienced dyer
and cleaner. Address, with recommendations.
Model Steam Laundry. Seattle. Wash.
FITTERS for architectural iron work. Iron
stairs, etc.; also strong, intelligent boys, IS
to 20. to learn machinist trade. tOS Mission.
BUTCHER wanted, young man. for route; Ger-
man preferred. Kentucky Market, 151S Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED— Experienced coachman. Apply to
C. SPRECKELS, 227 Market st.
EXPERIENCED boilermakers wanted by the
RI8DON IRON WORKS of Han Francisco;
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
•team hammer, ship and machine forglngf;
13 W a day and steady "employment. Apply
at office of company, Beale and Howard sts.,
San Francisco.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lod«ed on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the comnany and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
plsy to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. Ban Francisco.
WANTED— Msn In each county to- represent
established house, solid financial -standing;
bona fide- weekly- cash salary $18, paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penseg. Manager. 277 Caxton hldg.. Chicago.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In Htate. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 2C Montgomery st,, room ZS. Ban Fran-
clsco. Cal. \u25a0 \u25a0
FOREMAN for large dairy ranch: experi-
enced, reliable man with references, l."4
Julian ave. . ' !
COATMAKERS and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply IIEI88 BROS. * CO.. 24
Sutter St., \u25a0 .,-:., '
WANTKD-Bobi'r, reliable young man with
some cash; K0 month; no experience neces-
«ary; cloto Hundays., 1221 Market St.. r. 1.
WANTED— Iron molders and -' machinists, at
MSMI(!*lcn st. - . ,;. ... ...v /.;.,. ,
-'.\u25a0 '- - MIXES i .- \u25a0 .":. .
MONTEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARES.
MONTEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARES.
MONTKZUMA COPPER &, COAL SHARES.
MONTEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER A COAL SHARES.
• PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS. ) •
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDEND8. !
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
Thousands of readers of these advertisements
have cause to regret their apathy as regards
pharos of the Montezuma Mining Company of
Washington when they wert offered a few
months ago at 4c and Be. .The price of shares
Is now Siic cash or 2Sc on Installments, yet are
only one-quarter the price they will be In less
than a year; for Montezuma shares are cer-
tainly going to par value of $1 per share. The
reason for It Is obvious. While no copper ore
has been marketed, many tons of it are being
piled up on the dump at the "Tacoma" mine,
where a second entry Is being driven. Active
work In tunneling 'was suspended for two
months while the machinery for operating the
air drills was being Installed. That work Is
completed and a largely Increased operating
force is now busily engaged In taking out ore.
Before this ore can be marketed It Is necessary
to build an electric line of about 18 miles to
connect the mines with the Northcfti Pacific
Railway, which has Just been completed from
Fairfax to the new town of Montezuma, where
a postoffice has been established.
DIVIDENDS PAID FROM COAL.
While work at the copper mines is, as stated,
being vigorously prosecuted, operations at the
coat mines are even more active. Mora than
100 men are at work at the mines and In the
building of a 50,000 ton bunker at Montezuma.
The coal taken out Is of a superior quality for
steaming: and coking, while the product of our
groat blacksmlthlng vein, varying from « to 8
feet |n width. Is being sold on the Tacoma and
Seattle markets at *10 per ton. Montezuma
shareholders are absolutely certain of handsome
dividends from this coal alone, there being 52
feet of it In eight veins, all above water level.
As to quality, we cannot do better than quote
the following report of the test of Montezuma
coal made by the Quartermaster General's De-
partment Washington. D. C, and addressed to
Major Ruhlen. Quartermaster, Seattle, Wash-
ington, as follows: \u25a0
GOOD COAL, SATS THE GOVERNMENT.
"I am directed by the Quartermaster General
to advise you that the said sample (Montezuma
I Ccal) has been carefully tested by this office
and was found to have an equivalence of eight-
een hundred and fifty-nine (1859) pounds to the
cord of standard oak wood.
"This coal was tried also In a blacksmith's
forge, and was found to yield a heavy weidlng
heat."
• Accompanying this report Is a tabular state-
ment of testa of various coals In use on the
Pacific Coast.
Franklin Coal. Washington.. 2222 lbs
Nanalmo, British Columbia 2212 lbs
Scranton Anthracite. Pennsylvania IMS lbs
Welsh Anthracite. Wales 2<«3 lbs
j Wellington Coal. British Columbia.. 20*3 lbs
South Prairie. Washington 1973 lbs
MONTEZUMA IJ59 |bs
It will be seen from the above that our Men-
j tezuma Coal has nearly eight and one-half (S.4)
\u25a0 per cent greater hfiUJng^power.than the celo-
; brated Nanalmo Coal and Welsh Anthracite,
and falls very little short of Pennsylvania An-
thracite Itself. In this respect. Considering that
the Montezuma Coal was taken directly from
the mines unwashed, this Ik Indeed a remark-
able showing.
WHAT PRACTICAL MEN SAY
ABOUT MONTEZUMA COAL.
Recently quantities of coal from our new
celebrated " Blacksmith" vein (7 feel wide)
were submitted to certain manufacturing firma
In Tacoma for thorough testing In a practical
way. The following 'is one of several letters
showing juji how these coals behave on the
forge:
' Colonel C. W. Thompson.
i President Montexuma Mining Co.,
- Tacoma, Waih.
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. 1. 1901.
Dear Sir: We gave the coal you tent us a
thorough trial, and find the following result:
First we used your coal for Hve hours doing
heavy, solid work, lamely In welding, and
found It gave the vrry best satisfaction, mnklng
a good strong heat, free from sulphur, and
quite free from clinkers. In fact, during the en-
tire five hours' work It made but 2 lbs 6 oz of
clinker, and a part of that was welding sand.
Ynur roal Is not quite as heavy as the Penn-
sylvania (Cumberland blacksmith coal, but tak-
Ing It altogether. It ranks with that coal for
general blacksmith purposes, and the Pacific
Coast Is to be congratulated on having auch a
blacksmith roal as yours to supply the large
and growing demand.
I understand the price of your coal Is S10 per
ton delivered. If so. please send us as soon as
convenient a carload. Youra truly.
WE8T COA8T WAGON CO..
By J. R. Turner, Mn noser.
When It la remembered that the company has
practically unlimited quantities of this coal
which. It li estimated, can be mined and placed
on the cars for $1.15 per ton, the values behind
Montezuma shares can be understood. The
Montezuma Mining Company's shares with the
coal and copper back of them are at present
price* unquestionably, the best Investment now
offered to the public. , •
ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual meeting of the stockholders was
held In Tacoma, Sept. 10. The California
Branch Advisory Board was represented by Mr:
J. 8. C. Thompson. Mr.' W. A. C. Smith, ex-
pert accountant ot^San Francisco, wholaudlted
the books of the company, presented his re-
port, of which the report of the Secretary and
Treasusrer Is a condensed statement. Expert
Accountant Smith, In concluding his 4 report,
said: "I feel quite satisfied with the general
accuracy, and especially with the cash book.
The office Is entitled to credit for method and
accuracy." : . ' \u25a0 . • ' .
The profits are dividends. It must be remem-
bered that the policy of the Montezuma Mining
Company malces It Imperative that every sur-
plus dollar derived from the sale of coal must
be paid In dividends to shareholders. That the
development of - the copper properties may be
continued without interruption it la necessary
that additional t shares be sold. These shore*
are absolutely free from the element of specu-
lation, since regular dividends will be paid on
them. from the products of the coal mines. •
.; RECAPITULATION.
Montezuma Company hns three groups of cop-
per mines.. \ "• •\u25a0'- -.\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 '.' '.,' \u2666• ; .\u25a0 \u25a0 .. . . ,
The i ore Is high grade, chalco pyrlte, easily
smel tared. . ;.,- .";' >'.-*,\u25a0\u25a0. >... . ,. .
Two thousand acres of coal lands producing
high grade coking and blacksmlthlng. coal. -
The coal< mines < will soon produce 1000 tons
dally. \u25a0\u25a0• • • \u25a0•\u25a0...'\u25a0 "\u25a0. -<y' \u25a0 \u25a0 >: . ;. \u25a0\u25a0-.-. -.
We hava'a market for every pound of coal
that can be mined. . • .' ~ .\u25a0
< Properties worth a million dollars, and no
debts, r A -. \u25a0 • i \u25a0;> \u25a0'. \u25a0'. ?;.•. \u25a0 \u25a0 .'.. .v \u25a0 .
Surplus earnings must be paid In dividends
and cannot be reinvested. :\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ; ..,-\u25a0,...
Shares are constantly advancing In price; a
question of only a few months until par value
of |1 per. share. Is reached. -; v ,;. / ' . .'•',
*TO PROSPECTIVE INVE8TORS.
If you ara Interested In a high. class,'! legiti-
mate, safe and profitable Investment, which has
behind It absolute security, you are Invited to
call* at < our; office or writ* I for prospectus, re-
ports and' photograph*' concerning ; tha great
Montezuma properties. Address all oommunlca-
THB 'AMERICAN OUARANTT A TRUST CO.,
•,. . \u25a0 i. ,\u25a0:.'... \u25a0.•,'...\u25a0, Fiscal rAgenta, \u25a0'.**' \*if"*hs\i
"; .,,8M Montfomery, *t.. Ban, Francisco. fCjU.^.
wKi.r \V4VTKn — vv.*i m.f «-«».
A kJCTEO — A sriri to Hwlft in general bouse-
».-fk. ™ii Monday morning, lu o'clock. .1507
<>-Vi<S*r* ("iate ave.
WOMAN" to eook In camp. South San Fran-
Amea; *t»a.1y work; near school. Apply :ii
California rt-
vp.l'lH ! woman who understands cutting of
:;wii«"F' nn<i children's wear. tio6 Mission ft..
ir.i-d flnor.
FLMfHGB on ladies' tailor-made suits wanted.
1 GOLDMAN. 12.-15 Market n.. rooms 14 and
\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0. Murphy building. /
JTOrXO Rlrl or elderly woman to assist in
brcwark and care ot baby; sleep home pre-
*- • <i. CCUi l » Fillmore st.
WANTED— Toms lady bill clerk nnd assistant
in otH«v : experience rwjuired. Itox 11J1, Call.
<;1KL to assist with housework. 1347 Ma*onTe
avenue.
EXPERIENCED person general hsewk ; plain
cook. 1S>1I Woolsey st- Lorln !»ta.. Berkeley.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; general housework;
\u25a0small family; country; $10 iv»x 12:6, Call.
WANTED— A cirl for c^neral housework : 3 "in
family; mugt l»e rood cook. 11«S Ellis at.
FIRST-cLAS^ shirt hand and fitter; steady
gtxsl waees; call To-day. 513 Post st.
• JOOD dressmaker, skirt titter, to learn ladies'
fcaHortnc: steaJy and i-atd. Sl!> Post tt.
COMTO6ITOR; on a weekly; give experience
and wares. Address Steady, box U76, Call.
YOUNG lady fer liirht office work at lleht
mages. B * 111S. Call otSce.
GOOD cook and housekeeper wanted. T604
Howard ft.
\u25a0J1RLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. Ameri-
can Chicle Co., r7 Main st.
r.IRLf to wrap chewing gun. Apply Newton
Gum Co.. i*cond and Folsom st*.
AN' experienced candy packer and wrapper.
E B BAIM. 405 Jones st.
* v A NTED— First-class waL"=t finishers. Call
rcom A. Ul Po*t ft.
WANTED— Fancy cloak maker; also fancy
eleeve trln-.mer at 516 Sutter st.
'tVAXTEP— Girl to do light housework and
Clad child. Apply £37 p o lk st.
'5OOD cook and laundress. 1301 Van Xess
ave. ; call mcrnlns*.
FJCPERIENCED operators ladles' underskirts;
stm. power; good pay. A. Aaron. 57» Mission.
"iVAN"TEI> — Girl care baby. J15: refereuces.
1K-4 Post «t-
'50 OPERATORS to work In factory on ladles'
aud children's wear. €56 Mission St.. 4th floor.
":>\u25a0"• GIRL£ ta learn to operate, on ladles' and
children's »ear. 6^6 Mission St.. fourth floor.
FIRST-CLASS . finishers wanted on ladles'
tailor-made coats. ApplywT Grant ave.
PANTS CnUhers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO- Apply at factory. T7 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER; £rst-c!ass waist hand, at SUA
Sutler st.
BRIGHT Fir! who understands keeping of
MOtk. 'Z~4 Mission St.. third floor.
FIRST-CLAR5 restaurant waitress wanted; SS
a \ifek. 6*4 Clay et.
WAXTEIV- Girl about 14 for ll^ht housework.
4p)p|y 335 Castrs St.
.-.PFRENTICE girl for dressmaklnr, paid, at
Iwll Oolden ttate a\e.
TIK5T-CLASS aalesladiea for millinery: beat
»a£-e« paid; steady positions. 139 Sixth et.
flRST -CLASS waitress and chambermaid
»'&£ied immediately at 10d) Van Ness ave.
omCE fcirt wanted. 106 Eddy at.
\u25a0-VANTED— Milltncn 1 makers. The Lecn, H3
Market st.
H \NTED— Touns rirl for l!«ht housework;
fmmUSr of :\u25a0. $1<: 1LM Turk st.
M DO WELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
raj completed ten years of successful school
rsrk and can cr.e to Its patrons the benefit
tf past experience . We have to offer the b^st
\u25a0yetum dresscuttin^ ever Invented, a thorxjeh
tius:ne5» training under competent instructors
a?<i latest designs; millinery course un-
e<jua!fi; patterns cut to order. 1013 Market st.
CO TO >3S per week guaranteed: 5 ladles and
S ce^Uerr.en: Theatrical sketch: no previous
experience necessary- CalcSwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall. ir7 Market st.
a LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. rER.-'OX. room 412. Parrott building.
'VAX TED— An experienced chocolate dipper;
£<Ki maces. Box 1S12, Call cflce.
'jOO'D hand for waist and dressmaklnjc. TS2
G»ary st.. seax Hyde.
PROTESTANT girl; light housework: small
waiting; wages SIS. Apply 43! Fair Oaks st
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
t»««i f and 10:30 a. ra. HALE BROS.. Inc.
GOOD seamstress. Apply between S and 10:30
a. p. HALE BROS.. Inc.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS tc CO.'S overall factory. JTH
Freiacat n.; good wages; no experience
necessary; s:eady work. Apply MR DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators en fancy and neg-
Ilf't Ehlrts; also a few bright girls about II
years of age for Instruction: paid while learn-
.r.x Standard Ehlrt Factory, comer Gough
and Grove rt*.
HAIB.DRESSINO tangfct In 2 weeks; manlc'jr-
lcg & facial macsage lrcluded ; course tZ: po-
tltieas positively (ruaxacteed : 4 good positions
waltlnr. 8. F. College, SJ Geary st-. room li
WANTED— Experienced operator oa buttonhole
cxcblse; also operator oa women's waists
aad wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212-1214
Market rt.
EXPERIENCED operators en negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG A
CO.. 27 Je«ie st. 5th Coor.
WANTED— Flrst-cls« wafrt skirt and cloak
bands. Apply 1240 Geary at
NEAT, reliable girt; German preferred; house-
work; small family; refs.; |». Kl Fulton st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
l.il Folsom st
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A^~... TO-DAT. BUNDAT
......_.._....TO-DAT, SU.VDAT_
TO-DAT. BUXDAT
At C R. HANSEN A CO.'S 1H Geary st
Railroad Work Free Fare
FOR CHATBWOP.TH PARK
'« 3r!Uers asd muokers S2 to $2 50 m. day
FOR TRUCKEE
W' laborers 1175 a day
~ ~ FOR UKIAH
17i teaxrsters and laborers J2 a day
.'j carpenters _.. „..„ S3 SO a. day
•» Uborers fl 75 a day
. .FOR RAILROAD COMPANY WORK
Fre* Far* Ship To-day Fre* Fare
C R. liANSEX & CO 104 Oeary »t
AT CALIFORNIA EMPT.OTMENT AGENCY.
t> ThlnJ St.. nr. Call bid*.; phone Bush 403.
RAILROAI> WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
-.... FOR t'KIAH
.., ...FOR C. N. W. Rr
23 tracklayers ., XI a day
W laborers for steel Rang.... 12 a day
V teamsters and laborers ...|2 a day
Carload of laborers VI 25 to 12 SO per day
<No efflce fee for above carload).......
Gome and take advantage of our two-third
rate to Redding. We charter a car that leaves
her* Tuesday
10 carpenters, country. 13 50 per day, half
fare advance*!
ANDRE'S Office, VS Stockton street,
ffscona cook, restaurant W>: third cook. |45;
Khort order cook, tZO; dishwasher, V, a week'
waiter, country. JJO; porter i n dining-room,
%' a week; stableman. IS; elevator boy, etc.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Fre* employment 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
A FIRfeT-CLAES* enerretlc and reliable stock
».nd bond man wanted to sell high-grade
Rasters railroad and industrial securities;
a»lary or commission; reference* required.
1 "ai: room* ««-<7. Chronicle building, Monday.
•Mwe-n 1» and li a. rn.
\u25a0v»ANTET>— L*rr» wholesale house Intends to
ettablifsh branch office In Ban Francisco: de-
sire* manager tor . run.*; salary li.Vi per
monih tt extra oroflts: applicant must fur-
nish zvA references A have tlSOO to SSCftXl
'&sh. Addrers riuperlntendrnt, P. O. box 11S1.
Philadefihla, I'a.
MANAGER— Large house, extending business
ratudly de-ires arrange r t *nh\» man roanaice
office «ht« rlty; nalary $200 month, all expen-
ses. »»tr» commissions; rauit furnish %\Wt
'\u25a0akh; or, floll.tuner. offlce duties wholly: flrst-
n*nr referen<-es given and exnecle<i. Huber-
Imeodegt^ box szj. New Haven. Coin.
/TitAVELING u>lefrnian for shoe mfr.; tra<1»
/ »!rfady «-«tabl!sS-d: myat be w»-ll r*com-
I — y*"^*^- Addr'fg Xmx 12a. Call office.
V ANTED- jseys with good reference to lesrn
Us^. At^.lyTHE HICK8-JUDD COMPANY.
_ 23 Kirrt et.
%Va xx r f)_ Kxperlenred cigar salesman for.
cit* ma interior of Bute. Vox 1VM. Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, S CJND A Y^OCTOBEB 20, 1901.
34
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR 1 8 ALB.
A. J. RICH «(»;,' .
' \u25a0 • Real Estate Agents,' •:,''
.r«,Jk- 112 Montgomery st.
$50.00d-Sutter st.', large frontage; full depth
...^ lot; near Powell st. : \u25a0 «- \u25a0 • '•" \u25a0*
$45,000— Sutter st; large corner; M'feet front;
.„ ,„ rents $2S0 per month. . •'«\u25a0'\u25a0-
$22,500— Paclllc-ave. corner, 50x132; Wgrand un-
..»»^. obstructed marine view. \u25a0',."-'\u25a0 ;
$18,000-Gough st; large realdence In fine order;
,.,, tt lot 67:6x137:6. - - •_•
$1Z,BOO— Washington st, near Buchanan; an
.,<*..„.. e!e «ant large lot, 50x127:6.
$10,500— Liberty . st., near Guerrero; large resi-
.« „„» dence and grounds; lot 80x114.
$9,000-Laguna-st residence. 9 rooms and bath;
\u25a0'" .„ modern Improvements; lot 27:6x107:6.
$8,500— 8cott-st. residence, 8 rooms and bath;
faces Alta Plaza, between Washington
and Jackson sts. ; commands a flne view.
$S, 000— Baker st.; large lot, 100 feet front; near
Pacific ave.
$6,500—50x107:6; Oak-st. lot. near Devlsadero;
., -wv« 8°°d location for flats.
$6,000— Buchanan st.. near California; fine
.- r™ building lot; 27:6 ft. front.
$o,500-Two liew flats, 6 and 8 rooms and'bath;
large vestibule hall; pays 12 per cent
per annum; Tremont ave., near Freder-
ick st.
$3,750— Polk-st. business corner, 50x70; at Junc-
'• ... J>on of two car lines.
$2,750-Oak-st. lot, 25x110; near Central ave.
, A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st. '
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
REALJESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE;.
A highly Improved country home and Invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of 180
acres, of which 100 acrrg are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapes. There
Is a family orchard surrounding the buiidlngo.
ine Improvements consist of a large 12-room
modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout. The house Is surrounded by hand-
some grounds containing a large flsh pond an.l
fountain. There are also stables and other
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view or the
Snnta Clara Valley. The wine Industry Is as-
sured good prices for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $23 to $30 per ton. which
makes a resistant vineyard an Investment prop-
osition. This property Is worth your Immediate
investigation. For full Information call on or
address. * .McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery st, San Francisco. Cal.
A RANCH of 1 acre, a ranch of 10,000 acres or
any size between those figures, in all the
counties or California^ can be provided for
you by the undersigned.
Houses and lots In Ran Francisco, Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda to exchange for coun-
try property.
Special— 32-acre farm, nicely Improved, with
good 9-room, hard-finished house; also a cot-
tage, barn, etc.; several acres In fruit and
only half a mile from the city of Sonoma:
must be sold on account of death of owner.
This Is a profitable property and a bargain.
J. II. CILMORE.
323 Montgomery st. San Francisco, CaL
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS:
We desire to call the attention of 'Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
j Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush hav-
ing had 4K.vf.irh' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands, and being the owner of an
I tr.come-pnxlurlng orchard and vineyard, can
Intelligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands ami bargalni'ln the Htate. 8end for new
catalogue.
SAX MATKO COUNTY.
; Suburban homes and choice acreage property
I for sale and rent.
I>AVID Bi:«H A BOX. 10 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL and productive home near
; Haywards. Alameda County; 18 acre*, nearly
all In full-bearing orchard (none better): sur-
roundings Mrs i class; lightly and beautiful
location; modern residence, etc.: this choice
piece of property must be sold \u25a0to close estate
Interests; pnr-e $7H)O for Immediate sale. II.
II. CRANK. V* California »t.
M EACH-A few choice building lots In the
city limits of the thriving city of Stockton.
C. F. MOORK. MS Market ft., r. «. 8. F.
$CSO— 80 ACRES. I-ake Co.. near town: house, 4
rooms, barn, orchard; li acres In cultivation;
spring and well water. C. F. MOORE. 2»tt
Market St., room 6. '
A MODEL home of 40 acres i: miles from S.
F. ; modern residence or lu rooms and balh; 31
acre* choice fruit; abunuanat water and most
itgrcenble surruundltigs; tract fronts on broad
\u25a0 haded avenue, with electric line of '- hour
nervier; to S. F. : price reduced from $3U,0U> to
Ji;..«x<i; wouM accept H In «oo«l city property.
W. B. EASTIN; 401 California St.. S. F.
HERE Is a buy for $32U0; 9 acres, fruit and
poultry farm In Alameda County, close to
It. H. de|>ot: level land; all In Al orchard:
house <l rooms; barn, nne large fruit house;
Moo-gallon Link; can Irrigate any part of the
place; all farming implements and tools; good
horse, wagons and 3vo poultry ; get particu-
lars of this genuine bargain. II. li. CRANE.
Cm California it.
A FRUIT RANCH ~
A Fruit Ranch
At Haywards Depot; must be sold.
31 acres flne Improvements, formerly $23,000.
rrdured to $1(.&jO; mortgage $SS0u; owner must
•arrlflVe: offrr wanted.
LAYMANf'K REAL ESTATE CO..
46>» and 4«2 Eighth st. Oakland.
UAKdAIN— 10-nrre farm near the town of
Pleasanton. Alamrda County: all level lan-1;
hou»e. barn, etc.; a good l:om«- place and very
cheap; price |(W); easy terms If desired. II.
II. CHAXK. .VS California St
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero.
fnr sale; 300 acres, mostly redwood and tan
<*k; lut'i fruit trees In full hearing, prin-
cipally Istf applet; no iro«t; can raise pota-
toes all the >ear round; lovely vleu ;' owner
l.m old to inansce it an 1 will sell cheap. J.
IISVANS. Prstsdero, San Mateu County.
FOR PALE NKAR SAN FRANCISCO
Smalt tracts. $«•> to $M per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. houoina. *'**.: future value assured, an
Pen l"r.iii.-l«.-u l» growing rapidly; location
><r»t for poultry an. I general farming. Applv
lo The Cotntl Co.. S"3 California rt. for pam-
I'hlen and Information.
10-ACRE b'arlng orchard sn.1 poultry ranch;
mile from Hnyn-ards; nlth new. modern i>-
room lmii«e. i>ams. »trvk nnd farming Im-
plements, ttox CJt. Call office.
S ACRES at Ptege. on San Pablo nve.. 3 miles
above Berkeley; level land; Rood soil; plenty
of water: low price; easy term*. McKWBX
BROS*.. ll!< Montgomery st.
A— IF you want to buy. veil or exchange city
or country property call on MARION C1RIV-
FIN. 719 Mrket st_ R. F.. offl.-e near Call big.
$;50VIMPR°VKD foothill farm. S04 acres; El
IVirsdo County, rear H. R. Box IZ2. Call.
POULTRY and dairy rnnrhes for sale; write for
free list. C. It. '.V1XF4EI.D. Petaluma. Cai.
SAX RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
SAN RAFAEL— To let. lease or for sale, fur-
nished or unfurnished, M-room house. Inrge
lot; sunny corner: near depot, It J. TRUM-
BUI.L. 419 Sansome «t.
SAN JO<E Kl-Al. KSTATK.
8AN JOSE real estate at a Ktrnt sacrifice— IN
room hou.«f. on lot &C\i:.*»: Ulvldexl in I flats;
all furnished and rented; 3 rial* rented for V.M:
1 flat occupied by owner: furi.lKlit.-il, f^ii'ii; un-
furnished, $21C0. Applv r.11 Sutler rt.. room 33.
hi:ai. kstatk to K\i;n.\:\ut-:.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO..
7th 'Floor. Cfmker Bulldlnsr. .
$70C0— Kirulty In 14-ruum iuodt>rn residence.' flne
Kroiinds. large lot: stylish n.-i^-hlKirlmoil; m-ar
California and Octavla sts.; for city lots or
Oakland, town or country prcperty i>r timber
Imuls; will pay cash «lin>ivnr.-.
$2S()0— Equity In corner flats: -flne condition:
rent $45: will accept Oakland or city Improved
or unimproved property or town or. country
property; might take timber Innd; will pny cash
difference. MANHATTAN LOAN CO..
7th floor. Crocker building.
FOR exchange— A beautiful home in Kan Jose
for Income San Franclxcn property; place
contnlnn about 3 acres fnll-licnrlnur orchard,
alt varieties fruit; an elegant S-room house
with large basement: flne well.' windmill and
tank; flowers and Inwn; modern improve-
ments; worthy • Investigation; good Income
property.- Box 1 If 3. Call offlce. , . ,- *-
FOR exchange for homestead lots In Alameda
Co., half block frontage, all ready to build:
cheap. Anoly ! to FELIX MARCUSE, 118
Montgomery st, P. F. • •> , • » \u25a0\u25a0 .
TO exchange— A lot SOx 128 In Detroit, Mich., for
San Francisco vacant or Improved ; will as-
sume. B. SCHAFFER. 16 Hoff ave.' \u25a0 .
REAL KHTATK WAXTBD.
WANTED^-i or ,1 story house In good condi-
tion In flats or - suitable for flats. - Address
. MRS. E.C.. 1518. Broadway. , .
""T^-rA/V'^J^^^^, 1^.^..'"-;" -'-'-'• ""
CORNER lot. 137:6x137:6 feet. BE. corner Beach
and Taylor sts., North Beach, near seawall.
Apply owner. 310 Ellis %%..- \u25a0 , .,
4 ?'°" s upp£iK». *,
GREAT BARGAINS m TTPEWRITERS^We
Mil better machines for lest money than any
, houM In the city; rentala. |S. .Th« Typewriter
Exchange. 886 California; telephone Main 266.'
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection \u25a0 Co.— Expert s
____________ptgrs_^e*tlmitte free, ton Hwnsoni*.
'-\u25a0:_*' • DIVIDEND WOTICB1.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. M (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutehln-
\u25a0 : ion Sugar Plantation I Co., will be payable at
i the office of. the company, 827 Market et., on
and after Monday. October Jl. 1901. Transfer
books close Monday. > October 14. 1901. it 1
-o'clock p. m. ' H. w; THOMAS, Secretary.
REAL ESTATB— CITY— FOR 1ALS.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, .
. « . -10 Montgomery street.
CHOICE LOTS FOR FLATS.
H60fr-WaUer, near Shrader and the Park en-
trance; 25x137:6. . .• <
$2250— Stanyan. near Frederick, faces the
Park; 25x106:3; only lot left.
$3500— SK. corner of Oreen and Gough; 28x100.
DOWNTOWN INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$20.000— Extra large lot. 40x105; 2 substantial
buildings renting for $116 per month; splendid
site for apartment house; near Sutter and
Mason.'". .
" • A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$9500— Rents $86 per month and can be in-
creased; building in first-class order; separate
flats; Sacramento St., near Hyde; large lot, 3a
xl37:6. *
, r • $800-SMALL HOME-$SOO.
Mors« place, near Broadway and Hyde; cot-
tage S rooms. ;
$6500-RENTS $56 PER MONTH. N »
Filbert st. near Mason; lot 23x120 to rear
street; 3 flats and cottage. /
: DOWNTOWN FLATS.
\u266619. 000— Rents $170 per month; 3 new modern
flats of 7. 7. 10 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x
137:8; Nob Hill.
$3000— RENTS $31 PER MONTH.
Broadway, near Jones; 3 separate flats; lot
BUSH-ST. INVESTMENT. •'\u25a0
$11.000— Large residence of 12 rooms and bath,
easily converted Into flats at outlay of $4000;
would rent for^wa) r*r annum; lot 30x137:0. ,
VAN NESS-AVE. RESIDENCE.
$SjOO— Two-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100; near Jackson st.
WKSTERX AUDITION CHEAP HOME.
$1SjO— rurk st., near Baker; cottage of 4
rooms and basement.
NEW EASTLAKE RESIDENCE.
_ $5700— Near Duboce Park, on Pierce st. ; house
< rooms, bath, basement, attic, etc.
$3M0-FOLSOM-ST. BUSlfejSS PROPERTT.
Two-story building, store below, flat above.
7 rooms; vicinity Fourth st.
$S:00— EIGHTH ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
Three-story and basement building; store and
4 rooms, 2 flats above, rear house of 2 data;
lot 25x137:6; rents $C3 50 per month.
$3C00-REXTS $39 PER MONTH— $3600.
Four separate Hats in splendid condtlon;
vicinity ot Foisorn and Ninth ets.; lot 27x70;
nil rented.
.««x~. „ BUSINESS PROPERTT.
$6000— nryant st..; 2 stores and 2 flats; rents
$->2 per month; lot 32x50.
$SM0-IlENTS $78 PER MONTH-ISM0.
Business comer; vicinity S.n-.nth and Harri-
son; lot jjxSO; 3 stores unl 3 flat*.
INCOME 1'KOPEUTT.
ITJiA-Rents $:6 per month; separate flats; on
rill>e.-t St., nfar Jones.
' BALDWIN & HOWELL.
__________^ 10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS
tn block fronting Golden tJate Park
on the 11 st. Electric Cars
opposite 13th ave. Itoulevard. Park Entrance.
Choicest and Cheapest Building
....and Investment Bargains In this City....
...on H and I sts. and...*.
Kth. 18th. 19th and COth aves
Streets und l^jts
....on Official Grades: Macadamized, etc
All Head)' to Uulld on
Gas. Welsbach Street Lights, \u2666Plank
...^.Sidewalk*. Excellent Car Facilities
...The Better Class of Residences In Sunset...
....District already constructed on some....
of there lots. l.*>w price
Bound to increase In value
These l*>ta Have no Equal
They stand peerless in their beauty
Your own terms, email first payment bal-
ance $10 monthly installment*; Interest only
6 r>er cent.
l>o not delay, but Interest yourself In a
home lot at oni"»\
For diagram* and prices call at our branch
office <open week days. Sundays and Holi-
day*), corner II »t. an.i 9th ave. south of
Park. Hori>e and buggy at your dinponal.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery. »t
WRIGHT & KWELU
Real Kstate and Financial Agents.
I>oans, Inxurance. 316 Montgomery st.
MISSION ST..
Between Main and Ueale. only purchase In
that vicinity, and only 1 block from the South-
ern Pacific new dep>jt; pays over ( per cent net.
XBAR THIRD ST.
Full size lot. full depth: a rare opportunity
to Improve: at ureaem old Improvements.
GEARY ST.
Five-story and basement brick, entirely new
and modern: pays orer $800 per month.
FIRST ST..
Near Market; new building; large lot; splen-
didly improved; large Income.
SIXTEENTH AND GUERRERO STS.
Large lot. UOxlTn. with fair Improvements:
splendid oonortunlty fur development.
$7250.
Shrader St.. near Walto; lot 27:«xlO«. with 2
flats rentlnx for J'iS tier month.
DOLORES ST.
Between Fifteenth and Sixteenth sts.; lot 1<>J
xlSO.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
S lots; can be bought at a resonabie flrure.
$3000.
Xlce lot on Pine nt.. west of Flllmore: old
Improvements; rents now J?j per month; flats
would Day- well: a baricain.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
Beautiful bulldlnt; lots; south side of Jack*
son st. '
MANHATTAN- LOAN COM PA NT.
Seventh Floor. Crocker Building.
Phone Red W24.
$7jQ carh, bslance $O; mortguge ( per rent:
level lot; street flnlithed; punny side of
Church St.. near Uth: cheapest lot In
neighborhood; we will Inan Imlf price of
lot and full cost uf Improvements at C
per cent.
$200 rath, balance $200 at 6 per rent: rholce
level lot. n-ady U. Improve; sunny side of
Sanchez n., near l"th;'l«»t easily worth.
JH-0; strret work done; will loan full cost
of Improvements and $3<V) on this prop-
erty.
$S0W-I7:<-foot lot on Broadway, near Octavla;
marine view; choice residence site.
rcXCHANCJES.
> %XM — Equity In nne corner property of 2 flats;
rents $45; to exchange for unimproved or
Improved city or Oakland property or
country or town property; posulbly tim-
ber lands; will pay cash difference.
$7000— E«julty In 14-room modern residence on
Kuimy side of Pine st.. near Ortevla:
large lot; flne grounds; stylish neighbor-
hood; to exchange for city or Oakland
Improved or unimproved property or
town, rountry or timber lands; will pay
cash difference.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
A— DONNELLY A CO 632 MARKET 8T.
$34.000— Three blocks from City Hall; corner
\ partly Improved; rents $2^C0 a year. «
( it/Mi — Three modern flats; handsome and sub-
stantial; sunny corner > Western Addition.
84>t>— Two flats; nearly new; tented for $43 a
month; bargain.
$3750— Four flats; north of Market: bay win-
dows; rented for $41 a month: all In flne order.
•22aO— Two flats; Johnson ave.. off Geary st;
rented for $22 a month: bargain.
t360<>— Three IIjiIm; 3 blocks south of Market;
rentyl'for $46 a month: clj«-ap.
$2Jw— Cozy little cottece out Mission way;
lot 25x114; a bargain.
We have some good bargain* north and south
of I'ark; also In KxrHMor Homestead, Flint i
Tract, Olft Ma|m 2 an>l S. and South Han Fran-
cluc-o. DONNELLY & CO.. C32 Market st.
; SPECIAL BARGAIN. "
$20,000— Mission st.. north side, near Fourth;
Z.'.xlto feet to Josule r.t.; reduced from $30,000 to
effect an lmme<]lnie sale.
DAVIUFON'A LEIGH,
/ 219 Montgomery st.
FLATS or a dwelling wanted to purchase In
the Western Addition, not far nut, nr In the
Mission, between Dolores and Shot well, Illd-
ley and Twenty-second sts. ; only a properly
that Is In good condition ami modern will
be considered, and thnt ran be rented easily,
as the purchase Is for the Income./' W. J.
OITNN. 630 California »t. . ' -•
WANTED— To purchase a piece of property,
Improved or unimproved, on Valencia. MU<
slon or Howard. W. J. GUNN, MO California.
DON'T BORROW A HOME, BUT BUY ONB!
Monthly rent will buy a home already built,
or now lovely level lots for building pur-
posen; the prettiest suburban residences and
cheapest home* In San Francisco are for
sale by TIIISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean
View; phone Capp 2425. . . . \u25a0
(32C0-7-ROOM shingled house, finished In nat-
ural wood; large open fireplace; payments
name an rent; isth ave.; % block from H-st.
car line. Sunset district Inquire on premises
Sunday or room 1415, Call building.
FOR sale— Fine business corner lot S7VixlOO;
atone curbed and street In order; no > more
street expense; at a bargain. Apply at 14
McAllister st. room 16. .•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: ' \u25a0 . . ...
FOR HALE-As a whole or In subdivision*, M-
\u25a0 vira lot, south tin* Union' St.; 1J7:« feet east
of Pierce. Lot, -northeast corner Oreen and
Pkrce sts., < 103:6x127 :• feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIB, Real Estate Broker,
tU Montgomery it. •. *'\u25a0'.- .
$50,000 TO Invest In Income-bearing property;
must be a bargain. ' -~ '
THE PHELP8 LEWIS CO.,
- 703 Market it.
$27to-HOU8B In. Western Addition; " t rooms
and bath; rented for 917 per month; good In-
vestment. TUB MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
RCAL ESTATE — CITY— .FOR 8JLLEL
o« h. trarusEN & co.
(SSkOOO— 'Reduced from 9G0.000; choice corner on
Eearny st. a short distance from Market;
rw»t» $4110 per annum.
134,000— Cheiee ccmer on Van Ness ave.: old
improvements; rente nominal; would
yield ltandeomely if properly Improved;
C0xl0S:«.
*57^0»-Rer.t» J24S4 per annum: Howard st.,ne*r
Ftmrth; splenaM Investment; impro\Tp-
tnents coufirt of * flats of 6 and 5 rooms
: each and t*r«>-*-tory house of 12 rooms:
66x155; two frort»i«es: bank mcrtfrase o»
in,»K"0 can rensain.
CT.W>— Hor.ts. a\Tra*e J409 i>er month: uasn-
Jnflon su bettreen Dupont and Stook-
; : \u25a0;. , tea: rtibrtaatlal brick builJlngy rented to
Catneee; baak mortgnge of $11,500 can
: remain; TT:SxlS!k
$3X000— Ucnts JnSO per annum: Inside property
"ba l»ost «t: ttr» frontngw: two-story
lMrQ!>e of * room* and ! flats.
SXXtO— Rent t!«*0 per annum: Hare St.. near
the p«rt>: S elegant new flats Just com-
/ pletM. all modern conveniences;
hviST:* ker loc
fcl»6-R#nts Jl»» per annum: Scott st. near
Jiidj-; I fists and 2 houses of 5 and f
rooms *nd bath each: in perfect order
aad neadily rented; £5x1X7:6.
CiSP— lier;* S-**>"> per annuni: Kills st., close
X» LAruna; S b*y window flats of 7 rooms
aaa bath each: I fr-wtase?: SxlSfl.
CLOSfr— Rents P*» p*f aBnum: choice corner oa
X-yon «- ne*r i»rk; a b»y window flat*;
t5x!«s
$X,lC.v-JSent* $S4» per annum; Ashbury st..
a*«r $>arV; 3 aexr bay window flats of &
r\x<rr.« and bain each: brtok foundstlons;
cement siaewaJKs; street bltumlniied;
S39dl&
W.S«— Rrat* RO per annum: close to Third
aafi fcrast stv; < tenement* of 4. S and
I r*cas »*A; tjCeadld rentlns; location;
•4.JW— R**:-* SSSS per axaum: Clay »t.. ne«r
>&«.=; 4 flats of S rooms e«ca; loc « leet
frwat. »
|XiC K >-fU<Act«i; Bsa& rt; almost new; bay
irtaicrcr rw54e=c* d T rooms and bath:
brick faas£axlan; cement sidewalks and
street bimsninlied: owner tnxious to sell,
ubrlt lesvlag town: SxT».
COCO— C2oe* to Steiner aad OTarreU sts.: a
iiic« J»rs* of $ rooms and bath, in per-
fect «rier; brick foanJaucn. etc
•CStoic* llrt at buililng lots la all parts cf
tie ersr CSIl aaa obtain one ot our Real
Estase S«a?niV oontalnlag a list of properties
Cw tsi* !n ali parts of the city.
Jjtsmt pockn astm of San Froncijca. Sc
O. 1L UMBJ5EX & CO..
14 Mcntyomefy St.
a H- TirBSKK & CO^
14 Moatromery «t
Aucnox s
ACCT1OX
AVCT1OX
AUCTION
AUCTION"
ArCTlON
Al kit sarert-eni. MOXOAT. Oet 3th. WOL
*t 1^ o'clock noon.
REFEKEE SALE.
T2ie loEnrti^ ttire* nropenies to be offered
by r^fier oJ GuFtave H- Vmbsen. referee, sub-
ieci u» eacinasiion by the court:
No. 1.
Now £ to Si\i Xass su. bet- 6th and 7th.
Eaxrard t±n& Voi&otx srs.; tenements of • and
* Ttxiss rzch: rents $75 per month; lot 4Sx5Q.
Xo. t.
Xo. <£i A. E C, U E Tehaxna St.. bet Bth
and 6U) sts. ; 6 tenements of 3 and 4 rooms
each: rerts $ac> f«er month: lot KsSd.
Xo. S.
St. «r^ ;*ih sv, SE1. cut. HoSnan ave.;
esttxrc- ci i r;-m«s Trtih stable; rents $19 per
tactiti Set ISxlll
WESTEBX ADDITTOX FLATS.
Xoe T£:-7e? Hayes «_. north line, bet. Bn-
r-^*.-ic end TVs berer «s. ; T bay-wladow flats cf
C *".? 7 row33(= and r^th each; stable oa rear
ttieet; rent? $57 it per month, -which are low;
bant mrrrrace of $5.V» at 6 per cent can re-
«•«'!!\u25a0 let :o I*t ave.
•THGICE MISSION" RESTDEXCE.
St 3*£* Ouerrero fl, near »St.h: elegant resl-
ieno* c€ li ropin? and bath, .-with large
grauttClp; ca^ be reaiiily converted into Cats at
KnsJi :r.!«v »ts<1 made a ecod ptyins lnveft-
»ert; ioi j^lSj, irrt*rular.
CHOICE BUMXE>? CORXER.
Xo. g;S P»ci.Sc st. and I2C Powell St.: SE.
rar. : 3 stares anl io<5siag-tioase: rents $S5 per
saaa'Jt; three raertrases.
XATOilA-ST. LXATESTMEXT.
Xos. <15-4i; Xtt<->ria «., bet. ith and 6tb sts.:
improvements, I hawses. I flats and I oottajres
of S-4-5 rooms each, rests $»3 i^-r month; lot
SfclS^
MAST MEAGHER ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
E£. cor. TZlls aad Broderick rts.: 4 flats of
4-4 r»ciss each: rents $4; per taanth: lot 37:Sx
«cbi:rt to coiJiniiatloo br the court.
R. TTRRS ESTATE.
The Itdlevtac tiree prcperties must be sold
by crier :f lec«.tees:
•Vs. 1.
Xoe. KSS^i I>»Tisadero St.. b^. Trailer aad
Hilght rt*.: " ba7--w!ndo-w flats of 5 and C
rooms an<i bath each; rents $43 50 per month;
lot ZSxZVl
Xo. 2.
Xo. to Commercial «., bet. Kearr.j- and
Montgotaerj- st»-: 5-storr frame building; rente
Jt7 5* j>er ncntis.
Xa. S.
Xo SC2 Stockton rt. bet. Bush and Pins sts. ;
S-rrery «.n<! baieanent brick bclldinr of 14
rOBTZi. T~rrj tM per month, which Is low.
CCSTAV WALTER ESTATE.
AdmSn^xrstrlr Se!e
Ttt taBowtac three r'opertleR must b» sold
to c3."«c *he estate:
Xo. L
ITti «t . north line. b*t. Church and 5an-
cter sts.: b-Jildtng let I2:*xn*.
Xo. 1
Part Ot mrtriCe laad" block 11S8. trcnUnr on |
liti are- C tt. asd S»n Mlruel Rsneba
>o. s.
Parr o* .Ttrt^Ide 7and block 'ISS. frontinc on i
l.tn ave., V st. an.i San Mljriel Rancbo.
For fnr?r«r particulars ar r ».y to
g. h vmbse:; & co.,
14 Montroniery it.
A. M. .SPECK *: '"O. «CT MARKET ST. ;
Oppmrtte Keamy.
Rsn't I>tat<r Agents aad Rent Collectors.
r.V) CASH.
&aiance tlVfi', m</T'.%*e'z tun remain S-rocm
cattajfs: in tfcs Mission: Tweat?-fourtb-st. car
Close U S!nh st: ? honses, recu $21.
$4000.
Plz.lt near Xictt st. : fine building; rents !!( ;
w&cf offer.
C300.
Jcn?»-r!. flats; rents $41; lot 4*-foot frontase.
$4?M.
Two TatxiTti flats: only haif.bl^.-k from Mar-
ket «_- res:* 54*; cott nearly T7Z'«.
KSM.
Corner: roartne Tiew; spieadid improrements:
rwji $C0.
ttpoe.
V!c:n:ty oC Past aad Stockton sts. ; 9-room
eoum ar..1 '-oi.
EZtRtMB*flt. rorner; 7;«73 ft; 10 flats; must
zk'I. want offer.
«!2.7S».
Xc» Van Nest-sve. fiats: rents $125; a safe
b-jy.
r.8.600.
I'eahandle, corner; two new buildings rents
$3<i; lot 27x115 feet.
ni,otft
I>av«fr.-srortb-6t. lnve«tnent; 57-foot front;
rents I1V; always rented.
J1S.S00.
Modern. Improvement^!; lot T2xlZ7:G; rented at
tl'i
tBJOOt.
A *ur* bargain; comer; KxlW ft; I front-
ares, rent* ?;'«: pertly unlmprored; mcrtgsge
JiO.O'jO.
tZ5.W/>.
Mission St., near Fourth; splendid brick
Mrurture; elerator; good, high basement; rent
$2*: one terant.
U't.QO*.
8utt»r-n. corner; wn ;l Jonee; stores end
lo-Jglrr-hous-w; (*>-foot frontage.
I1-.000.
Post-st. '.•crner: J-ntoo bay-window building-
4 stores; lot Ci ft. frc.ntsg*; rents iZUi.
J.".i.<//1
Market et., near Taylor; M-foot; splendid
building; rents $7W.
A. M. SPECK A CO..
-. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 CC Market utreet.
BOVEE. TOT A SOXXTAO, -
„ i>al BsUU Asente.
Houses Panted, Rente ':.>llected and Full
''-"harre Taken of Property
en MARKfrr st.
PO.OftV-Chnl'-e let on Jome* »t., near Post-
rise 6<kIZ7:6 fe»t # with old Improvement*; rent-
Ing i'n tVii j*r month; thin Is a splendid loca-
tion for h<w.»i or boardlng-houre
tl5.'>«»-ilr-j^rr. SB comer la the Western
Addition, coRflirtinr of rtorf% and flats- rents
tor 5I2T» per month.
I!4//»-Foiir modem fiats on Fell at., mar
Buchanan; containing 7 and « room* and bath
*&cb; always rented; r»nts for 1102 V> t>rr
month.
$12,000-Fiv» titiin on Orore «t. r.ear Franklin-
lot 27:6x12') f**t; rents for $131 W per month '
PM> Cbfilosj residence on P'j»t rt.. n*tr I^er-
kln: containing J9 rtwrai und bath- lot 2.'.xU">
f»*t: rented at prenent for t-2 5* per month.
$CWV-Two rats and a cottage of 4 rooms and
bath each: lot tZxYJt feet; on Orove et, near
Lacuna; rented for $41 per month.
»6W»— Fonr cho»c« fists on Capp st.. near
Twenty-lourth; rents $SS per month; lot 22-6x115
feet.
ew*- North side of Hermann st. near Flll-
more; two 5-room houses on Hermann st. and
one on Germonla. rt. ; lot 2£xl20 feet; rents for
*40 xrr month.
H&TO— Clay st.. near Webster; residence of 8
roorc* nnd. bath; lot 25x127:8 feet.
$4W/>— Choice fc-room r*-«ldence on Capp st.,
near Seventeenth; lot 20x122:6 feet; this l« In
th«- MlfFlon warm belt.
I22y»— Two choice fists on Clara st., near
Klxtb; rf-nts H* per month.
tC2y>— Choice cottage on Capp «t, near Twen.
ty-flfth; « rooms and bath; lot 21:8xlU feet,
throuiffa to rear street.
Further particulars of BOVEB, TOT A
. BOXNTAO,
FOR eale— 5. € and 7 room houses; lots 30x127:8:
ran all day; Filbert St.. between Broderi^k
•nd Baker; marine view; street bltumlnlzerl;
half birck to cars; ca*h or terms. JOHN A.
HOOTE. Bu'.ider.
A BA ItO A IX— Cottage for , sale; very easy
t«rro«. Stoneman St.. near Folsom.
JIIESlOK-fiT. lots at barrala: terms and easr
peymenu. Apply BABIN. 4U Keamy st.
Nr.W cottar*. « rooms, baths: lot 27:«xli» feet*
Mlaslos; $aoo; terms to suit buyer. iU Kearny.
RgAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR \u25a0Aim.
EASTON. ELDRIDGH A CO..
63S Market st.
! SPECIAL BARGAIN.
REDUCED FROM $5500.
1 MUST BE SOLD IN TEN DATS.
1 PATS BIO INTEREST.
. NKAR THIRD AND FOLSOM STS.
' H3S0— Rents for $62 per month; flne Invest-
ment: three tvell-bullt flats of 6-5-5 rooms
and bath each; lot 23x112:6 feet.
VALLEJO-ST. INVESTMENT.
$G500 — A iwo-story house of 7 rooms and bath,
two flats 5 rooms and bath and a rear
house of 6 rooms, all In flrst-claa condi-
tion: modern sanitary plumbing, -tiled
mantels nnd sinks; magnificent marine
view of the city and Golden Gate; rents
*71 per month; Hyde and Union st. cars:
larmJ lot. 43:9x137:6 feet.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
$6000— Larce, Imposing, well-built modern reel-
di-nce of S rooms and bath; In flne condi-
tion; a flne key lot. on the sunny side of
the street: near Devlsadero: electric cars
pass; can be bought on very easy terms;
large lot. 2;xlS7;6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
f^SOO — Two new modejn un-to-date flats of 6-5
rooms and porcelain bath each; exi>osed
sanitary plujnblng; electric lighting;
tiled mantels: plenty of sun nnd light:
flne neighborhood; Ellis nnd Scott «<ts. ;
present low rental $370 per annum.
GUERRKRO-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3250— A substantial, well-built house of 7 rooms
and bath; near 2:M s>t.; reduced from
34000.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
SI900— Two flats of 4 rooms each and a rear !
house of 3 rooms; rents for $30 per
month; brick foundation; lot !5s75 feet.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGES
AT TOUR OWN PRICE.
ON TOUR OWN TERMS.
We have over 60 up-to-date cottages in all
parts of the Mission: call and get a list.
EASTON. ELDP.UX5B & CO..
63S Market et.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January. 185$.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FTJXJ. CHARGE TAKEN' OF PROPERTT.
Ca Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Ed3y Et, Icslde of Hyde: large rooming-
house; steady Income; *3xl37:6; $16,0W asked.
CS.56O— Large residence on the Geary-st hill,
to side of Octavla; IS rooms; sun on all sides;
larse lot.
$TO00— Ellis st.. near Gough: 7 rooms and
bath; a very cheap Inside home; lot 23x120 to
rear street.
$6550— Clay et, near Buchanan; » rooms and
bath; la good orfier; !7:Jxl?7:S.
Only UZ00— Sunny side Nineteenth st.. *near
"Valencia; s rooms; rents K5; lot 2ix£"L
$3S0O-Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
sts.; store aad flats; rents $S6; only $3S«0.
$S»-Two flats: Clinton Park, near Dolores
St.; rents $340 x>er year.
$3C«v-a nice sunny home: north line Bush st.
near Devlsadero; J rooms and bath; lot 24x137:6.
$?7»— McAllister st.. nyar Psrk_ ave.: 7
rooms aad bath; SiJi
$2SOO-M!siloa home; Colllngwood st. near
Nineteenth; cottage and large lot MxlS.
tr73»-Sancbex st.. >TvV_ corner Jersey; cottage
ot 4 rooms; lot 30x1 M.
$1000— Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.
near Eureka: modern. & rooms and bath; lot
2x75.
$4>»— Valencia st.. near Twenty-fifth; partly
Improved; :Cx5K) to an alley.
SST.OO— Seventeenth «., near Dolores; 4 flats;
rents JC9; lot 29:€xi':S: offered lcrw to force
«"*\u25a0- JIADISOX & BHRKE,
, 6!* Market st
VON R1IKIN REAL ESTATE CO.' <Ibc).
\u25a0 512 California st.
IMPROVED.
S.6,50>>— Turk, near Jcaes; r7:«slST«- two S-
story houses.
! $U.C<k.»-Corner Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
I 3 flats; rents $TS.
iS^'t— Hayes, near Buchanan: ;7i95; 3 flats*
I rents f»7.
*vXH-Par'5? st.. near Powell; 40x60; store
and_I fists; rents $6*.
$77iO— Washington. near Walnut: 3l:4ftx
ll":!"^: house of 10 rooms and bath.
8 s ** 1 — Union clsc«>. near Oreen; 20xSS-9- S
bouj"»s; reals »«L
JOOjft-Leavemvor'h. near Union; 25x112:6; t
new fiats; rents $47.
$4j0u-Vnicn. near Jones: 52:6x120. to rear
street: residence of 7 rooms and bath
*00*-Corner ISth and Capp: SOxSS; 2 houses;
rents 121.
JlIW— Oara. near 6th; SxSO; store and 2
flats; r»nts $46.
$3350— Clementina St.. n»«r Sixth; 2OxS0: house
of 6 rooms and bath; reot Hi.
J3W0— Pcott clace. near liroadway; ZixSC; 6
Cat?; rent* J3S.
ITXIM PROVED.
JS3!0-Ha!rht near D-vUadero; 50x155.
JoiO)— Gr»-*-!Jwlch st.. near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
JSCvO— Capp »t., near 25th; Cxi IS.
\u25a0 Cor. 13th ave. and Ol«ment: JfflxlM.
H5«Xi— Cor. I^eavenworth and Filbert: 30ifc7:6:
! will subdivide.
f $4C00— Corner Jones and Filbert st*. ; 2^x70.
! tSCrt— Kulton St., neur Knimor.-; S5:6ilJ7:6.
! $ti%0— Union st.. near Webster; I4:OiXlX7:6.
i 61£C0 — Union, near Pierce; ?*:tx]CO.
; %\XM eac»>— Polk St.. near chestnut; 3 lots,
! !7.6xS7:6.
I Sir#-OcU.via St.. near ITnlon: 22x:»:6.
! J10U0— Hanch»z. near ISth: 2Sx!0T..
! tS'i a front foot— Mission St.. near 23th.
j 4C0 lots. iZMi to $409; terms ea*y; electric road
j pa.«*e*.
I RL'RN'HAM i JlAll«H CO..
20 Montgomery st.
IW.f'^O-RENT XUiQ A MONTH.
In the h»art of city; close to Market an«l
; Kearny; grand 4-storj" trick building; cement
i floor: ejevHtor an<J mo<1ern plumbing; large
I lot: over MC0 irouare. fe*rt, h-ivini? 2 (rontages;
I cheapest buy on the market.
CORNER APARTMENT HOL'SE.
VH.'XJU— l r p-to-date; arranged ror 6 families:
fscne public wjuare: nun nil iloy and rented
I for i:;7 U> a. month: only half ca.«h If desired;
\u25a0 jihort distance frcm Van ,N>h ave,
A GRAND BUT!
t*.->00- Half of Msrket-st. lot; near Sixth «t.;
> pays over 6 per cent under lease, and has a
* future more sure than Government bonds..
j STTCVKNSON ST.. NKAR SEVENTH.
! JJVn— Herts H6 *cr thin flne property; al-
1 -ways rented.
HERB'S A SNAP'.
tr-WV-R'nt TC3; downtown business property;
( 2 stores; near n*-w poxtofflce.
EL'ItNIIAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st
HAWKS £c SKELTO.V,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
tCOO— Good Investment; O'KarT*l| nt. to rear
street, near I^agtina; r-nts %Zt>; steady renting
property.
t32M—Kl&t»: Hertford, near Twentieth anil
j Castro: 4 and 5 room*; rents 1330 per annum;
I a fine Investment.
! $42O— Lot north side Pace nt.. near Baker;
30x137:6; c\-rU)oY.'.vf: park; choice, for home or
fiats.
JMW— Comer Vag" and I^aguna »tr,; 25x100;
fine location fnr home or flats.
Choice |r,tn; H;-d« and Francisco sts.; 15 min-
utes from our offlce; tuperb view of bay; cor-
dt: ."KxlII; SiVX): Inside lots. $17.V>. ..
tSfu—ljit on south »fde of Chestnut st., west
1 of Hyrfe; 27:6x110; fin'; vl»w of bay.
$CiX>— Ivit N\V. Hyd«- and FillrfTt stu.; 60x137;
1 flne Bite for building with ev*:ry room sunny-
cood view south; also bay view from upper
floor.
HAWKS & BKELTOyg, 323 Montgcmery »t. "
McEWEN' BHOfi. '
$4S0O— New flats In Western Addition; rent
*47 Vt; prlc* reduced to effect sale at once
Bu*h St., near Oevlsadero; all up-to-date; great
map.
$42*V-nenl $«; wide lot; Clay st, nr. Mason
$I7SO-K*nt $»; Zoe gt. tenements, nr. Fourth'
I1S00 — Co*t \u25a0 treat deal more, but must be
•old; t lots; Mission, near China ave.; street
graded, sewered and mar-adamlzed.
SKOO — A pickup; on a corner nen r ih» new
chutes; 22:6x100; Tenth and li sts.; cost over
. $iWi
llWO-Cheap lot en Waller st.. near Shrader
McKWE.V BROS., llg Montgonn>ry st,
HAXTA FE. "- ~ "
' The new town at Point Richmond.
Terminus of great f-"anta Fe Jl. R.
Where the Standard Oil Is to locate the large
; refining works, costing million*, and employing
hundreds of m*n.
Where the pipe line from Kern County to tide
. water will terminate.
' Lots alt graded. Streets graded.
$125 and up; $10 csnh $5 monthly.
[ McEWEN' BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
• FIRRT-CLAE8 renl.lcnce with rood-sized Tot
and In perfect condition "wo nt»<l to purchase
t In tbe. Western Addition; must have all th.;
modern improvements. Call on W. J. GUNN
. C30 California st.
A RESIDENCE to cost about $4000 wanted to
purchase In the Mission or Western Addition,
on or near to a csr line; must be modern
built and In good condition. W. J. OUNN,
C30 California st.
\u25a0A- .£*> RXEU property wanted to purchase on
: Mlrslon or Valencia sts. W. J. OUNN. M0
• ailiornla st. \u25a0
; WANTED to imrchase two or four flats that
: *i r .1, 1 fl "v- c ' a "» condition and modem:
; ',"/f, r 4 w r^"V o . n t.? r WMt * rn -Addition. W.
J. OUNN, l,M California st
. THH un-WuFgned wants to purchase a lot 1m-
proved or unimproved on Valencia. Mission.
Howard or Folsom. W. J. OUNN7 130 Call-
* fornla, st. y .
I NEW modern cottages, 4 rooms bath- Nos
. IU mnd IU Prospect ave., $17M eachj will «1
!\u25a0 <**»!• for Western Addition property. Ay-
ply 830 I>«I»adero su, near OsJc. .
OAKLAND. ADYERTISEMENTSL
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAI-LAND REAL ESTATE.
\u25a0 . • . i
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION I AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!.
AUCTION I AUCTION!! AUCTION !lt
AUCTIONS AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION'.! AUCTION t!t \
WOODWARD. WATSON k CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
_____ - IT
(Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATB AUCTIONEERS. <
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEER*.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONBEMt,
- | I
REAL ESTATB AUCTIONEERS.
»t '
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Special Credit Sal* of
38 13 S3 S3 ''
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT8w ,
CHOICE .RESIDENCB LOTSL y •
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTflt ;
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT3W __.'
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTSL; " ,
Facine West Street, . ; . •
Market Street. C
25th Street and 36th Street.
SATURDAY. November X 1901. "»_
At 2 p. m. \
AT SALESROOM. 903 BROADWAT. j
These lots are surrounded by new homes
' and more are in course of construction.
The street work Is complete. Terms only
1 1-5 cash; remainder In easy Installments.
Carriages at office for inspection of property.
Office open evenings bv appointment
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders.
TITLE ABSOLUTELT PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELT PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELT PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLCTELT PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELT PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELT PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to..
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD. "WATSON A CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO n
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO. "
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO-
(Successors to William J. Ditsgee.)
Real Estate Auctioneers.
V3 Broadway. Oakland. ...
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices 460 and 462 Eighth St.. O-klaad.
$13.000— Lakeside district: handsome. 13-room
home. 100x150; $7000 recently expended; for «ulclt
sale a special bargain given; offer considered.
$4000— Up-to-date home. S rooma. reception
hall: hardwood floors, cemented basement; lot
30x132; Adeline station; on car lines; easy
walking distance to Central Grammar and
High School, library and churches. *
$3300— Up-to-date 9-room residence; lot E0xI50:
choicest location; East Oakland Heixhta.
J26Ci>— Modern 7-room cottage; lot 30x100; north
side; 6 blocks to 14th and Broadway and be-
tween Grove and Telegraph aves.; bargain.
$2500— Modem 7-room " cottage; lot 23x100: S
blocks to 14th and Broadway, between Grove
and Telegraph.
SZXO— Large modern 7- room house; lot ISxlTO;
barn and outhouses; 33d st., near Telegraph
ave.
$6000—15 acres, fronting Saa Leandro electna
road; big bargain.'
$1000— 10th ave.: magnificent residence; lot 80s
1C0: formerly worth $2500; elevated: opposite
and adjoining $3000 and $10,000 homes; snap.
$16,500— Offer wanted on one of the choicest
fruit ranches at Haywards; a double sacrifice j
mortgage $&00; must sell.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Off flees 460 and 463 Eighth st. Oakland.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice; $7000; recent coat $9000:
magnificent home overlooking Adams Point *
Vernon Heights; 8 rooms; latest Interior fin-
ish; one $200 mantel; electric appliances;
beautiful fixtures; in extraordinarily fine or-
der; • beautiful surroundings; big lot; barn;
will Include nearly $800 worth new carpets;
mortgage -$5000. LATMANCE REAL ESTATB
CO.. 4C0 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$S0O FOR a corner store, with 4 rooma. In West
Berkeley; lot 40x100; very cheap snap for right
party; owner gave $2000 In trade; wants
money. LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
460 and 463 Eighth at.. Oakland.
$3000— COST TO DUPLICATE $4000.
New 7-room house; cement basement; tit
latest In design and finish; nickel and open
' plumbing: choice neighborhood: Improve-
ments opposite cost $16,000: S blocks to local
station; owner non-resident; house must b«
sold; positively the finest property for th»
money, ever offered for sale In Oakland; call
early or you may lose an opportunity.
. ' J. S. MTERS A CO..
IPOS Broadway. Oakland. Cat
$3000— CHOICE new story and a half houset
six rooms: basement; In fact, an Ideal beauty
In location and architectural finish; lot is
high and sightly; near Senator Perkins' hous«
on \emon Heights; owner compelled to sell:
no reasonable offer refused; space, too limited
to extol lta charming qualities; seeing Is be*
llevlng; call early.
J. S. MTERS A COt,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. CaL
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS— COST $3300.
I am Instructed to sell without reserve a 6-
room two-story house with all the latest con-
veniences to the highest bidder this week; I
think $2G00 , will buy the property; It Is a>
forced sale; space too expensive to enumer-
ate Us many good qualities; lot 50x140; con-
* venient to cars, schools and business center;
owner must sell. J. S. MYERS A CO..
1003 Broadway. Oakland. Cal
GRAT'S BARGAINS. '
. $3600— A sacrifice; owner.wants to sell Im-
mediately: elegant 7-room bouse, all modern
appliances: beautiful garden; house alone
would coat price asked for entire property : on
prominent corner; flat loan at bank of $2500 ,
! can remain; Investigate this and see for your-
• self. -
Fine, handsome, new colonial house of t
- rooms, laundry, bath, furnace room, etc.;
" gas and electric lighting; on Nob Hill ot
\u25a0Knot Oakland: 1 block from car line; this
house la nicely finished, beam celling, etc ;
reasonable terms to right party.
$4X50— House of S rooms and bath, on Four-
teenth *t. near Broadway; lot (0x100; this la
*a great sacrifice, as vacant land In this vi-
cinity Is worth almost double the amount.
$3300— Beautiful story and a half house of
S rooms, laundry and bath, all modern, of
one of Onklandjs most prominent thorough?
fares; plate glass windows; beautiful lawn
and garden; nice lot: $300 down ana. balance
on time; this property Is worth at least S4S0Q,
.-', I O EORQE B, M. GRAT.
C* Ninth st.
FIXE modern residence. 14 large rooms; I bath*
\u25a0 rooms, servants', basement: hot water turA
nace: stable for 4 horses; half a block oLmag- 1
nlficent garden: grand .view; Ideal place fo?
children or In valid; 40 minutes from 8. F.;
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused:'
y sold on account of change ot residence. Ap-
ply promises, southeast 'corner Slxta'av*. an <s
Twentieth at.. East Oakland.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB A CO..
' • REAL ESTATE AGENTS. .
-\ l 218-220 Montgomery st.
.„ Eft^ « JUST BUILT.
$17,500— Broadway, N. line; new house of 2 stor-
les, attic and basement, 7 bedrooms. 3
baths; large lot, 40x137:6 feet; natural
wood finish; square hall; planned by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
,,, rM \u25a0 ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$12,600— Pacific ave.;. modern residence, 7 bed-
rooms, 2 baths; hardwood finish , on
main floor.
»o^ MODERN FLATB.
$6,000— Devlsadero st.; 2 modern flats; rents
$40; lot 25x90 feet.
\u25a0 ,_ NEAR MARKET ST.
$7,5CO-Oak st, near Market; 2 flat* and cot-
tage; rents $53; lot 27:6x120 feet.
. . «~v GRAND INVESTMENT.
$16,000— Mission et.; solid and substantial 3-
etory frame building, store and lodglng-
* house; rents $130; -pays over b per cent
net; lot 50x122:6 feet. ...
»,,~« NKAR MARKET ST.
$13,000— Turk st., near Jones; 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath* present rents nominal;
lot 23xl37:C feet.
PRICE REDUCED. /
$10,000— Price reduced from $12,300; must be
KOld; sunny side of Pine St.; substantial
house of 12 rooniH and bath; hardwood
fluois; large lot. 3S:9xl37:6 feet.
•INVESTMENT PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
$1,250— Rents $18 monthly; $400 mortgage at 6
per cent can remain; south of Market
st. Investment; close to Third and Bry-
ant StH.
MISSION FLATS.
$o.000— Mission flats, San Jose ave. ; rents $40;
lot 35:4',4xS8 feet; every room light and
. sunny.
SPECIAL. ».
$16,000— Mlsslon-st. business property: substan-
tial building of stores. lodging-house
above; rents $130; lot 50x122:6 feet.
PRICE REDUCED.
$4.250— Price reduced from $6000; corner resi-
dence, on best part of Ban Jose ave.; 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath; lot
30x137:6 feet.
SNAP' IN INCOME PROPERTY.
$25,000— Mission St.. near Ninth; lot 40x100 feet;
church building on Mission et. and two
dwelling houses on Ninth.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$15,500— Market-st. corner, at Junction of
Church and Fourteenth sts. ; 93 ft. front-
\ age by 91 ft. and 10S ft. In depth.
NEW MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$14,000— Sunny side of street, with unobstructed
view of the bay, Alcatras Island and
thr Marln County hills; main floor beau-
tifully finished with hardwood floors; 7
bedrooms, S bathrooms, with porcelain
tubs; basement contains wlneroom,
storeroom and furnace; gas and electric
fixtures; house planned and built by
Architect Edgar Mathews.
RESIDENCE NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$7,250— Halght st., near Hrodetick. north side;
contains 10 rooms and bath: flne view:
house modern In every way; lot 27:t>x
137:6 ft.
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Uit 73x120 ft.; good Improvements; rent-
Ing fur $225; fur full particulars call at
office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7.00*-«;i»y st., near Raker; 3 modern flats. I
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 ft. front:
a rare chance. •
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
$16,000— New flats; rrnts $142 £0 monthly; a very
good Investment: 6 tenants In all; lot
37:<xll2:C ft.; rrnts are low and can be
increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$15.000- Two-story building; rents $110; a fore-
closure sale.
VAN NESS. "NEAR PACIFIC.
$S.5OO— Van Noss ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains S rooms
and bath; near I'.wlllc ave.; lot ;:.xi»>t
feet.
. - ~~ SUTTF.R-ST. FLATS.
$10,000— Suttt-r ;st.. north side, near Webster; S
modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath; I
lot r;:3xl27:6 ft.; very sunny; always
rented.
SHAINWALD. ! BUCKBEE * CO..
ri.S-Zgo Montgomery st.. Mills bldg. '
LYON * ilOACl.
114 Montgomery st.
Send for complete printed list of property for
sale In all parts of the rlty.
$J.S0O— Handsome up-to-date fists on Broderlck
St.: contain 7 rooms, bath and all con-
veniences; total rents $47 SO; close to
panhandle...
UItA.NI> INVESTMENT.
$34.00O-Sptendld corner; within 2 blocks of Me-
Alllfter st. nnd Van Ness ave.; over lWx
Hv; on 2 prominent streets; pays $220
now nnd about half lot vacant. This Is
really a Rne opportunity.
$3,150— Kaxy terms: a brand-new S-story house,
coittnlnlns 6 room* and balh and fin-
l>hr>! basement : all rooms handnomely
dr<-or_led and tinted: fine mantels: re- ,
versiHe window sashen; lot 25x120 feet:
U-»t li..uw In Sun«et district. icOth of
Colden Cute I'ark.
$21,000— Corner lot 50x75 feet; practically Mar-
ket-rt. frontage: near Junction of Mar-
ket and (lough; Ipiprovements are stores'
and flats; pays bank Interrnt now;
splendid future.
$l2.M4>-l-"irn" corner Investment on Howard st.. ;
not (ar from town: splendid 3-»tory !
I.iiiI.IIiu". remaining stores and flats; al-
ways rented for $>u
$S.?J»-Mit«lon «t.. near ICth; a 3-»tory build- I
lfiic. containing a vtore and : flats of 7
nmni* and bath each; Also 3 rooms In
rear of store; rent* $tt>; foreclosure
sale: must be sold at once.
$23,500— Choice business properly within I
hiorks of city Hall; a large Corner lot.
UtxHS, with Improvement* In splendid
M-piilr. eonslntlng of 3 stores and fiat*
aimve; always rented for $2U0.
$6.2&0— HiiBlneM corner on Sacramento st.: a J-
»li>fy building containing a store and 3
Hals; total rents $56.
$2, 'Xy- *l n-nt bargain; must be sold at once:
No. 7 Prospect place, near California <
st.. <4>etween Stockton and Powell: lot
T!:txM; rent $?i; offer wanted.
$2,600— Rent $?\u25a0*»; 2 icnod flats: big snap; 6 and
s rooms and hath; lot 2.Vxl»5; on Noe
i>t.. close to "2ii.
$11.000— Two suttrtantlHlly built houses, close to
Devlsadero and CHllfornla st*. ; contain-
ing 9 room* ami bath each and nil
• modern conveniences; lot 55x110; must
be mill to close an estate; rents $90;
offer wnn't.1.
LYON' A IIOAO.
114 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO..
2V& Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
$12,W0 RENTS $1362.
>y 1'AYH II PER CENT.
Downtown Investment. Inside. I^eavenworth;
best renting street north of Market; modern,
up-to-date flats: foreclosed for the above asking
price.
$15.0<v) RENTS $1710.
PAYS ll!jf PER CENT.
Hush St., near Mason: 3 new modern flats;
cheapest Inside property for sale.
$16.000 RENTS $1680.
PAY8 10 PER CENT.
Near Eddy and Franklin sts.; 3 new modern
flats. S ronm each; 27:6 ft. frontage; absolutely
nothlnjg finer In the city.
- $12.000... ........RENT8$I4OO.
m PAYS « PER CENT.
Park? Panhandle; 3 new modern flat* ijimt '
completed): kt-y lot; north side;- sun In every :
loom; tll.uCO ofTered thls.week.
r^OO ..;... RENTS $6C0. "
• PAYS 10'/4 PER CENT..' ',',:
Mission Warm He-It ; 3 attractive modern flats;
Improvements -can't be duplicated for $6000.
$7000.! $2500 CASH;
BALANCE 6 PER CENT. I
Three handsome corner flats, modern: flooded
With light and sun; block north of Market st.
\u26661000-PROFlT IN 80 DAY8-$1000.
PRICE $3500.. V
$6000 bank mortgage can remain at 6 per cent;
two elegant modern' residences (cost $16,000);
choicest part 'Western Addition; this Is the
chance of a lifetime. • '
ELEGANT HAIOHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
MUST BE SACRIFICED , \u25a0 •'
To force Immediate sale;, any offer submitted;
price $7000, $icoo cash, balance 6 per cent; mod-
ern, up-to-date residence; sunny tide Halght
st., near Pierce; cost $7(00 6 montns ago; this is
a SI»UI. , \u25a0' . y _ \u25a0 - : \u25a0\u25a0 . ' . / , ... .\u25a0 . ,
NELSON, JOHNSON * CO.. .
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg. •
HBADQTJARTER3 FOR PARK LOTS!
IMB-to IW-BargainTTn "Sunset" lot.: all
graded; elegant view; 110 monthly.
•100 to $100— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lota.
•78. 1100 to I2s&-Un»oal1e(l bargain*; sear
Mlsslon-st. can; IS monthly.
$400 to MOO— Cheapest and best Richmond lots:
very easy terms.,. -\u25a0•,.-\u25a0,\u25a0 _> \u25a0 ;\u25a0.;*\u25a0 i. •
11000. 11800 to 1^000-fiplendld cottages. Rich*
mond, Sunset and Mission; eaay terms. ,«.
$6000— Choice corner in Mission ; great bar-
gain; 60x100. with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office, Ninth ave^ near H at
' , . SOL OBTB ft BRO..
, .;\u25a0•.-»;..\u25a0.. .„ >__•*- ':• . 66 Chronicle , building. .
ALiMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA- HEAL ESTATE.
• " **'•) »
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
$1250— 5-room cottage and bath; large lot.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
$1100— GOOD 5-room house: lot 48x123.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
$1300— FINE 6-room cottage; lot 30x100; a snap.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
$1800— NEW 5-room cottage; lot 35x100; flne lo-
cation. . ,
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
$2150— ELEGANT 6-room cottage: corner lot:
near trains and schools; a great bargain.
hiZ^ ALAMEDA LAND CO.
$2500— A FINE 8-room house; lot 36x100; a snap.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
\u25a0 "l ' - 1500 Park St., Alameda.
Housis built, rented and exchanged.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
GREAT BARGAINS. '
In Improved and unimproved property In Ala-
meda. -, /
Cottage, $3000, reduced to $2150.
Cottage, 6 rooms, $3230; price reduced to $2350.
Cottage of eight rooma, $3500, $2350.
Two-story 8-room house, new, $1500, reduced to \u25a0
$3000.
Two-story, 9 rooms, all modern Improvements;
on Clinton ave.; lot 50x150; offered for $47aO.
A few of our cheap lots are still unsold,
price from $150 to $250, and must be sold regard-
less of cost. • •
E. J. JUDD COMPANY,
1424 Park st.
$400-LOT 35x100.
$1350— Double flat. 4 rooms each; lot 50xS5; $100
cash. 115 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
BARGAINS; Improved ft unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, comfortably furnished;
centrally located; rent $20. v Apply to T. F.
BAIRD, 1303 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOOK at the terms. Isn't this your chance?
$2 r >0 cash, balance easy Installments, low In-
terest buys this new modern up-to-date home;
:< line rooms, reception hall, bath, pantry, etc ;
tinted walls, eras and gas nxtures; open por-
celain plumbing; corner lot, 50x118; both streets
improved; nice neighborhood; close to stations,
cars, etc.
OTHER GOOD BUTS.
$1400— Lot 40x340; cottage home of 5 rooms
and bath, high basement; very easy terms.
11600— New house of 6 rooms and bath; lot
40x112; $2ltl cash, balance like rent.
$W00— Fine place for money; new house of I
rooms and bath, high basement, nice porch,
porcelain plumbing, tinted walls, gas fixtures,
etc.: lot SZxlOO.
$2150 — Lot *xl00; new modern up-to-date cot-
tage 6 rooms, hall, large pantry, with tiled
sink; mantel: combination gas and electric fix-
tures; high bast-mem, etc.; small cash pay-
ment; easy Installment?; low Interest.
$1700— Lot £0x130; near Telegraph are.; cot-
tago-house 6 rooms.
I-OTS. LOTS. LOTS.
Now is the time to buy lots. Bargain to
lie had that should double In value within Z
I years. Absolutely the best Investment on the
market. II. D. IRW1N. Lorin Station.
WILL THIS TEMPT YOU?
$3000 will buy a flne two-story bouse and
lot. near the station on the sunny side of
the street: street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week I will give as a bonus a flne corner I
lot. COxlOO. adjoining thV above; mind you,
there Is no mistake, will give you the lot I
free if you buy the house and lot. \
Have you ever heard of the HlUegasa^
Tract? If not It is your misfortune but not
my fault. Now here Is my proposition. I
will sill you a very large let with the street \u25a0
work all dune, worth U.V/', and build you a
houMr. mind you. a thoroughly good one,
worth K'M\ and sell you tb<- whole for S304M;
either for cash or Installments. Apply to
JOSEPH J. MASON, adjoining P. O..
Berkeley Station.
$450— LOT 60x170: !1'» down. J10 per month; I
blocks to station and electric cars; cheapest
property In town.
$1200— 4-room new cottage; west front; $3C0
down. $10 73 per month pays principal and In-
torest.
Uw-C-rocrn house, new. In growing part
of- town; small payment down and ea»y
monthly Installments.
$11CO— Ix>t In a nne neighborhood; this is a
bargain.
136U0 — Beautiful 6-room house; up-to-date In
every respect; ! blocks from Berkeley station.
$650>-i7-room boarding-house; jwell situated;
lot MxlSU. S». S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. '
3 ROOMS, with high basement; lot 50x160: fruit
tn—H and garden; stable; chicken house; I
fenced and cross fenced; centrally located;
price; $15U>; terms reasonable.
:
A new S-room modern cottage: cement bulk- !
head and walks; good well; only 1 block from
cars and local trains; price only $1500; $l'»
cash, balance $15 per month.
A new S-room modern house; only S blocks
from trains and cars; larsr^ lot; will be fln-
IM>«M in about a w«ek.
HOME REALTY CO..
. ' Ix>rln Station. Berkeley.
$1400— NEW S-room house; all modern Improve-
ments; on SU-foot street; lot 30x140; must be
sold this week; terms like rent. W. C.
MORAN * CO.
$C00O— NEW 5 or 6 room cottages; 1 block to
train and electric cars; porcelain bath; tiled
sink: stationary tubs: coved ceilings, tinted
walls; gas ' fixtures; sideboard server and
water; all connected; ready to move into;
S2P0 cash, balance $20 per month. Including
interest: Golden. Gate. Lorin and Ashby sta-
tions. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1500— $IC0 cash, balance $15 per month; 5 large
rooms and bath; S bay windows: brick foun-
dation: lot 40xlCO. W. C. MORAN A CO..
Lorin station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
BARGAINS In Sightly Lots In Berkeley.
Lots K50 and $.'-ii<> each — 50x135; new, unsur-
passed: within 4 blocks of electric and steam
cars. MAY A MORTIMER.
$1UO- LOTS In Hlllega.os Tract; each lot &0x
i:-6; street work done; only two left at this
offer; snap. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley
station. ,
$5500— NEW house. 8 rooms and bath; lot sOx
140; modern in every respect; near university.
1MAY A MORTIMER. -
CS0O-MODERN. up-to-date cottage; large lot;
street work done; sightly location; must be
seen to be appreciated. MAY A MORTIMER.
NEW modern house $25 per month. Including
Interest: $100 cash down, $5730 In all; coxy,
new 2-ftury 7-roomed house, with enamel
l)«lh; open plumbing; lot 40x140 feet; north
side of street: mi en work all done: cement
xltlewalk* laid: electric cars one-half block
it way: \u25a0 a bank ?»le and a snap: property
never occupied: liberal discount for cash.
GKO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
' 1008 nroadway. Oakland.
GREATEST bargain In all Berkeley— IS-room
house *uitnb1e Tor, boardtng students; will sell
for le»* than cost of Improvements; right
party can clear $100to'$200 per month: Inves-
• tlitaie \u25a0 thl-t Immediately. Address Owner, 730
Pnclfle ave.. Alamedn. '
COMKORTAULE 6-rooin cottacre: sonny side:
(modern Improvements: lot 50x135; fruit trees,
stone sMfWilk-; 4 blocks from R. R. station.
Apply 1027 Pnlrvlexv st., Lorin sta.. Berkeley.
rfuiTYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FIU'ITVAI.M IIKAL ESTATE.
$1000— HOUSE. 5 rooms and bath. cor. Mth ave.
( and Wth St.. East Oakland: $100. cash
balance $11 V) per month.
$10CO— House," 4 rooms, 1C67 21st St.", bet. 20th
and rist aves.; $14 per month ' will buy
this place. : -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--.. .
$1250— House, 6 rooms and bath, half block east
' - of riedmont ave. on Monte Vista ave *
. small ensh payment, bttlance to suit
$2300— House of 7 rooms; modern In ev«ry re-
. spect; 1 block from Piedmont car, on Glen
• ave.; terms to, suit. - . ;
$:500— lively modern house of 6, 'rooms and'
bath; C6th st.. bet Telegraph a?;,
Grove st.: cssh or Installment plan
$65CC- Large residence of l: rooms and bath-
.•-.'-fireplace In every bedroom; also steam ral
. . •- : dlator; decorated gardens; large barn _nU
outhouses: lot 150x140 feet.' co>! ISth _?•
• \u25a0 .and 15th st. . v- , >\u25a0\u25a0 k( ..
Keys at property every day bet 4 and 5 p m
Reasonable terms. p * m>
W. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.. San" Fran-'
ClUCO. i"'..-* - '. ' * \u25a0-" -.-\u25a0'"" .-- -„\u25a0 _ _. ,
WRUr: ChlCk - nous.
'ZS3£gj2?& fiSt'
$1660-6-room t cottage; city water, bath* and
-well and pump; fruit trees; clou to' sta.
tlon. .\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0•-
$45O-Th© cheapest lots in Prultvale; lOOxIW
flne view; sewered. - . / - **""
ll . 8M T. 2 .h Cr S«»" m . n^ r - IO 1 m: < ' rooIT » cottage, with
bath, hot and_ cold water, . windmill and
tank, chicken houses and yards <:.
'«_. . . A E plj f. t0 ALAMEDA' LAND CO.;
Frultvsle Station, or, 1500 Park at..; Alameda.
FHCITVAm KUnMSUEn HOUSEsT
ON Frultvale^ ave.. . bet. Hopkins st. and Chi-
ea«o ave.. furnished house, of. six rooms and
j bath; large yard, with fruit, shrubs and flow-
ers. Apply on premises. ,\u25a0 . , v -. -^American Companions.
., On the 10th lnst. Supreme Sub-chief
Com panion ' Mrs. L. : Atwood paid an of
ficial visit to Rose Circle In Santa Kosa,
\u25a0 The San Francisco Cabinet paid an~ : of
ficial visit last night to San Francisco
Council and the, meeting was a pleasant
ond instructive one. ;*,." :
At. tho .last- -held meeting of Padtic
Council there was an interesting whlitt
party at which K. B. Cutter • carried off
the flrsj prize. This council will have an
at home in Native Sons' Hall on the 23d
Inst., to .which the members and their ludy
friends and relatives will be invited.'
El Dorado Council hud a whist party
last Friday night. - • , .
The new council which is being organ
ised In this ; city will . be Instituted < n*xt
month. -y \u25a0' ' .*l+x3pn
On the night of the. 22d Inst." Oakland
Council will have an open meeting. Every
one,: who attends > will,< have j an equal
chance to win a box of cigars." * .
California Council at its 'last held meet
ing initiated several: candidates, making
ten for the month so far. After the 1st of
November this council will meet but twice
a month. .: . ,. r V.
National Union.
Grand Senior Woodward H. A. Gabriel
of the Foresters . of America on the 1 Ua '
inst. paid an official visit to that energetic
and up-to-date court, Sutro Heights. * He
was accompanied by a number of promi
nent members of the order, who, 'after the
visiting official had delivered his addrvss.
added to the Interest of the' evening by
speaking to the. membership present for
the good of the order. Among the speak
ers were Chief Ranger Murray, George
Dahlbender and Syl Shaben. A pleasing;
feature of the evening was the announce
ment that the court now has a bank ac
count of $2000. J. Horowitz was awarded
a fine gold medal for having within a
stated time brought in the greatest num
ber of candidates. •\u25a0 The • medal was ; the .
gift of Court Physician Oreunlng. " , • - ;
The same night the grand senior. wood
ward also visited Court Yerba Buena, and
on the following night he was with Court
San Francisco. • •'••.-\u25a0.•
A. Coleman will be tendered a reception
by Court General Lawton on the nlgbjt of
the 23d inst. • \u25ba * ' - . *• \u25a0\u25a0•*\u25a0
The social club of Court Ferrudo wiU
give an -anniversary ball in Washington
Square Hall in the near future.
Grand - Chief Ranger Heenan. Grand
Sub-chief Ranger Wolfe, Grand Secretary^
Cordy and Jacob Label of the .American
Forester Re-view will on 'the*"2Sth -inxt. v *
visit Santa . Crus. where they wtll assist , :
in the' dedication \u25a0' of a new hall recently
completed for Court Paiaro Valley Rose.
There will be .'in attendance * Foresters 1
from the courts tn San Jose, Santa iCtara.
Monterey, and Santa Cru*. There will .bat
a street parade, and after the exercises
a banrjuef. : •'\u25a0\u25a0 ; \u25a0"'';'\u25a0 ; ";-\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 "\u25a0 "~'S """V -\u25a0 •
:\u25a0\u25a0 Dr. W. A.' Burnoam is laying the foun
dation, for a new court in this dtjr. . \u25a0 . \u25a0
Foresters of America.
San Francisco Tent at a recent review
when there was a large .attendance ap
pointed Sir Knights Tickner. Richards.
Lerol and Jacobi a committee to arrange
for a set of prrses to he offered to mem
bers who shall secure new members dur
ing a period of three months following
the date of the offer. The distribution of
the priaes wtll be followed by a banquet
to be given by the tent to all who shall
have secured candidates from one up.
From this it is expected that there will
be considerable' activity In this tent for
some time to come.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At a recent meeting of .Seven Pines Cir
cle of the Ladles of the Grand Army of
the Republic resolutions of respect to the
memory of the late President McKinley
were adopted, also resolutions of sympa
thy for Mrs. McKinley. The same were
ordered spread upon the minutes and a
copy sent to- Mrs. McKinley.
Seven Pines Circle.
Sons of Benjamin.
On the night of the 27th Inst. Golden
Gate Lodge of the Sons of Benjamin will
cive a ball in Odd Fellows' .Hali. ' The
committee that has the matter In hand
expects to make this the most pleading
affair of the kind ever given by any
subordinate of the order. , -
At the , last held meeting of Hartnngle
Chapter two ellglblcs were admitted to
the sublime degree of : the- chapter. An
amendment to tho lawn ho as to have'bi
monthly, meetings instead of monthly
meetings wna presented. Tho following
named pfllcers i elected | for the •\u25a0 ensuing
term will. be. Installed at tha November
meeting: Jumos F..Murtlnonl, C. D.: JU
A. Wolff. C. M.: John Hutton. R. S.; A.
M. Armstrong, T.: Harry Mcnke, G.pG.
PcllegrliuYG.; Jacob Wesner, 8. \u25a0\u25a0•.„\u25a0 . ..—
MeKlnley Orove, the. local baby, at its
meeting. Inst Thursday night initiated two
Btrungers and conferred tha second and
third degree, on fifteen ellglblen. The week
before it initiated six strangers.' \ -
•: Galileo Grove at its last held meeting
elected one ntranp«r - and : will elect two
more at the next meeting and will hold
them for the grand Initiation In Novem
ber. .Golden Star Grove at especial meet
ing last Sunday conferred the second and
third decree on a largo I class - at j candi
dates. \u25a0?\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0 '\u25a0'•.'''• ;\u25a0»\u25a0•'\u25a0 r * \u25a0 • >.\u25a0 V". .:•\u25a0•...\u25a0 . .
f Tho recent social of Olympla Grove was
a'very pieaunnt, affair, that \u25a0\u25a0• was greatly
onjoyed by the many who partieipatea.
Olympla underntandu the art of social «n>
tertuinment. \u25a0•>\u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0 .' ; •\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0*- \u25a0 ' :
Pnst . Arch- L. 'A. Wolff visited the grove
In I Valleio last % week, where } he Initiated
fourteen strangers ;and conferred the sec*
ond and third degree on a large class. ,
On the night of tbe 3d ln»t. Nofcle Oraad
The commltUe In charge of the arrange-
Tiii-nts for tli.- Brand Initiation to be held
In this city on the 17th o/ November ha*
decided thnt the large class to be given
the flrsjt "degree shall receive tho same in
Odd Ffllows" Hall during the afternoon
of that «lny; that the work shall be per
formed by teams working in the English,
Italian. German and French languages,
o.M'h tvam taking an many candidates as
tliero shall be who speak the language In
which the charges are to be delivered.
Th<ro will be appropriate music by a dou
blf rjuurtet nnd every measure has been
tokrn to prevent intrusion by those, not
t.titlllrd to th^> privileges of the order.
Noble "Ornr.d Arch Godeau has entered
upon the official visitation of the -local
groves, commencing Inst Tuesday with
Aurora Grove. He was accompanied by
Jpdio8 F. Munition!. P. N. G. A.; A. M.
Armstrong. G. T., and Past Arches J. M.
Palmer. D. Hammann and J. L. Gomez,
uJsomnny members of. tho local groves.
Tho oflicers Initiated two strangers In n
very vutbtfactory mannpr and received
ten petitions:- wlso promised twenty for
tho uxand initiation. After remarks by
the visiting oft'eers. Dr. McElroy, N. G.,
ii nd Charles Wachter, treasurer of Mc-
Kinley Grove, the prove closed, and then
there wns a collation nnd there were ad
dresses by Dr..C. A. Glover and Steven
Glover of Manzanita Grove.
On Thursday nlcht the noble grand arch
visited Eureka, tin n Francisco and Slgel
groves, und after the meeting there was
on adjournment to Meyers' , Cafe, where
I here wus served nn unusually line sup
per. There were responses to toasts by
tho noble-arch. Past Grand Noblo Arch
Martlnoni. . Grand .Trustee Armstrong,
Herbert Armstrong,: R. D. Barton, G. K.
ljurnhnm ar.tl many others. :\u25a0
Grand Secretary Ornves is recovering
from an attack of la grippe, which con
fined him to his homo for more than a
week. •- / \u25a0. . \u25a0 . - • \u25a0 N r \u25a0''.\u25a0",' ' \*\\
The Druids.
Walter Malloy, who was one of the en
ergetic special deputies, is no longer con
nected with that work. He is on the
waiting list and many of his friends are
of the opinion that in the time that Is
coming he will become one of the shin-
Ing lights of the order.
During the past week Grand Master
Morrison has visited the majority of the
local lodges and has given them a heart
to heart talk about the order nnd what
he would like to have the members do to
sustain the honor and reputation of the
California jurisdiction for holding a large
membership and Increasing it.
At the visit of Grand Master Workman
Morrison to the hall of Eureka* Valley on
the 14th' Inst.. the last of his official vin-
Its in this city, there was a pleasant
gathering of Workmen, who were in
structed by the addresses of the grand
ranater. Past Grand Master Hirshberg and
Grand Recorder Spencer.
All arrangements have been completed
for the thirty-third anniversary celebra
tion of the institution of the order. This
will bo at Native Sons' Hall on the nisht
of the 28th Inst.
Grand Recorder Spencer has offered a
diamond badge of honor to the member
of the order in San Francisco who shall
introduce the greatest number of candi
dates, but not less than fifteen, between
the 1st of September and the 2Sth of
October. Deputy Grand Master Barnes
offers a set of engrossed and framed reso
lutions to the member who shall bring In
the next greatest number. These are
prizes paid for out of the individual funds
of the presenters.
• Magnoliu Lodge No. 41 has received
from Mrs. Lnura B. Corbaley a letter of
thanks for many kindnesses shown to her
by the lodge niter the death of her hus
band and fpr the financial aid extended.
Applications have been coming in at the
office of the grand recorder in very sat
isfactory manner during the latter half of
September and the first part of the cur
rent month.
The Past Masters' Association will have
a day and night at the Chutes en the 26th
inst. -
Ancient Order of United Workmen.
Arrangements have been made for a
grand social event to be given on the
night of the 14th of November by the
three local circles of the Women of Wood
craft—Redwood. California and Golden
Gate. It is expected that this will do
much to cement the bonds* of fraternal
friendship between the members of the
several circles. • • • :
Women of Woodcraft.
West End Lodge of the Knights and
Ladles of Honcr has ordered its charter
draped for a period of thirty days out of
respect to the memory of the late Presi
dent McKinley. and has adopted suitable
resolutions of respect, which were ordered
spread upon the minutes of the lodge.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
San Francisco Elks.
Ban Francisco Lodge of tho Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks will give its
ladles' night in its hall on the night of
the 1st of November. The following night
a large delegation of the lodge will pay a
fraternal visit to Vallejo Lodge. On tha
occasion of the recent visit of San Fran
cisco Lodge to Oakland Lodge about 100
of the San Francisco contingent were de
lightfully entertained by the Oaklanders.
The visitors presented to the host lodge
a beautiful station block and gold-mount
ed gavel. All the visitors escaped from
the lodgeroom In time to catch the last
boat except Grand Exalted Ruler Dunne,
who had been made wise that there would
be a tug at tho foot of Broadway at 1 a.
m. to take over any Eiks who had missed
the boat, but through some error the^tug
did not reach the wharf until 4 In tha
morning, and the exalted ruler had to
wait and then return by bis lonely.
After the adjournment of the Grand
Lodge, at Salt Lake City next Augu3t
the entire membership of the Baltimore,
Md.. Lodge will pay San Francisco a'fra
ternal visit. .
Past Grand Exalted Ruler Detweiler
will visit this city in the latter part of
November. . • ,
The grand officers paid a visit to tha
council in Gllroy last week and assisted
in the initiation of a larga class of can
didates in new quarters that the council
has secured.
Grand President O'Leary paid a visit
last week to the council in Chlco and oa
his return will vialt the one in Marysville.
Supreme President Frank J. Klercs will
visit the council in the Potrero on tha
leth inst. \u25a0.
Columbia Council will have a reception
and at home in headquarters at 21 Fourth
street on the 16th inst.
E. J. Dollard hu.it been appointed on th«
Grand Council ritual committee, vlc» Re/.
Father M. D. Slattery, resigned.
The quarterly reports are duo on tha
1st of November and the per capita tax
1* al»o payable at that time. A failure
to comply with the law will entail the
penalties of the order on the delinquents.
Vallejo Council reports having oa th»
1st Inst. received twenty application* and
Napa Council report* the Initiation of
seven eligible*.
Portola's party will be in Golden Gats
Hall on the 24th ln»t. and Stras*mayer'«
will be in Native ions' Hall on the 23th.
Step» are being taken to organise a
council of tha Junior rank in Gran Val
ley.
Several matters of importance will coma
up before the meeting of tba grand di
rectors on tha 2Sth Inst.
Young Mea's Institute.
Mrs. Floy Urquhart. district deputy
president of Cullfornla Assembly District
No. 6, has Isrued a circular letter to the
lodged nf that district asking them to get
m» a district entertainment for the benefit
of th<; Orphans' Home. The event will
take place In odd Fellows* Hall on the
20th of November, ami one of the fea
tures will be a minstrel show by the Co
lumbians. California. Templar, Oriental.
Amity. Mission, Uoyul and Jubilee lodges
nre interested In this, matter. The same
deputy is also encouraging f rnternfal "vis
itations from one lodge to another. The
first of this was from Mission to Oriental
Ijodge last week. .The visit was a plead
ing surprise. • ; '
Loyal Rebfskah Ledge, having found its
lodgeroom lp the Odd Fellows building too
small, has secured Memorial Hall In the
same building and on the 7th inst. had a
house-warming In the nature of a pro
gramme of entertainment without danc
ing.
l^nst Wednesday night Mrs. G. B. Mver
derk. P. N. G., presided In Oriental *Re
bekah Lodge In the absence cj the noble
grand, and she was ably assisted by Ab
bfo A. Ewing. P. N. O. At the conclusion
of the routine business under good of the
order A. II. Tatcher of the jurisdiction of
Iowa told of recent travels on the conti
nent and epoke In praise of the Rebekah
branch of Odd Fellowship and commended
the new floor work. Miss Josephine Wal
worth. Mrs. Isabell.EwIng and assistants
were busy welcoming the visitors and
serving refreshments. This lodge will
confer the degree on two candidates at U$
next meetinp. neautlful floor work will
be introduced by Drillmastor W. W Peck
N. G.. who takes great pride In having
that part of the work of Initiation done to
perfection.
The Rebe.ka.hs.
Grand Representative W. W. Watson,
P. O. hi., has returned from .the Sovereign
Grand Ixidge.
Last Friday night the following named
oflicers of Apollo I>odge, Frank Van Ness
Cox, N. G.: Charles E. Perry Jr.. P. G.;
W. H. Olbaon. V. «.; H. H. Paekiiher, W,,
und N. I'. Sickel, C. assisted by the
appointed officers. Initiated two stranger*
In u inannor that created a most favorable
ImprexHlon on the Initiates and nn the vis
itor», who wcru many. After the *ork nt
the tivvning ih<; entertainment committee
of the. lodge provided a \u25a0hurt programme
and u banquet, which wer<? events that
will long be remembered with pleasure by
ull whu attended.
On the night of the 29th inst. Hay City
IxidKe. one of tho most enthuslnattc
lodges of the, city, will entertain the mem
bers of A boil Hen Adhcm. Apollo, Cosmo
politan und Kxcclnlor lodges, which are in
district 65, In Mcmorlul Hull. This lodge,
n very nctlve one. hnit In its membcmhlp
innny of the prominent members of th«
mercantile community, nnd It Is noted for
Its-many deed* of unostentatious charity.
II. Ncwhiiigh, a prominent young attor
ney of this city, will deliver an interest
ing and Instructive address.
The entertainment which had been ar
ranged by Yerba Buena Lodge has, on ac
count of death, been postponed until the
24th Inst.
Charles E. Benedict has been selected
as grand treasurer of the Grand Encamp
ment, vice Henry George, recently de
ceased.
Tho Odd Fellows.
Notwithstanding tha recently discovered
miFmiinnKcmcnt of tl.e Endowment Rank
funds by oflkers of the board of control
(who were promptly deposed as soon as
the evidence of their misconduct came to
Hi:ht». that branch o,f tho order has not.
It Is raid, hiiffi-red any material defection.
Advices received from nil parts of the
country indlratn thnt the international
HatlurlnK of the Knights to be held In
..an Francisco next August will be at
tended by_jRrK«* delegations from every
Htatc and Territory of the Union, as well
ns by many from Canada. Mexico, the
Hawaiian Islumis nnd elsewhere. 8everal
of the* Statea will (tend from one to two
regiments each of the. Uniform Rank, and
conservative estimates place the number
of nvmhera of Ihlfl rank who are coming
nt from !•»\u25a0<> to 1 !.•>\u25a0•). In addition to these
It is claimed thnt not less than 60.0u0 oth
ers', including subordinate lodge members
nii'i tin Ir friends, will taki- advantage of
the very low rates of ruljroad transporta
tion that art' to prcvuil and come. The
California lodges and companies nre al
ready busily engaged in arranging their
plans for nsslsling the citizens of. San
Kraurlseo In making the stay of the
Ko.'^ts pleasant.
Tamalpala I^odgc of San Rafael nnd Fi
delity Lorlfje of Pctnluma, both of which
hnve been rather qulot of late, are expe
rlencInK a rcvivul of Interest and are tak
ing in numerous "strangers."
Courtlnnd Loilge No, 227 was Instituted
nt (,'ourtland, SucrntnciKo County, on the
12th inst. by Grand Chancellor Calkins.
A largo delegation of Knights from Ulo
Vlhtn. .SniMJirii'iitu ami u(h«r places us
»lnt<»il In conferring the work. The nvm
i»its "f the ikvv lo<)(tt* aro largely form
• I* und ori-hurdl Mi« of thnt protperotin
section, :iiui Hh mil cutitulns ioriq thirty
five numu*.
A new lodgo will be Instituted Novem
ber 2 t«f Junction City. Trinity County.
II. Hi'Iihitikt, Brand keeper of rocnnlx
nnd hciiI of thin domain, wart In iittoiui*
ance ilurlntf tin- pant wv<>k upon the
Grand Ludw convention of Oregon.
N«-xt month ih« grand chuncvllor will
muko u Darius <»f nmrlul visits to tha
lodKi'tf of thi' Sun Jouauln Valley. In !»•••
cemliur, January mid February he will he
wllh the inrlKos Of Houthern California.
Oftlrlul report* from till parts of tho
.Staif Indicate 'hat tho order la this yenr
enjoying u temurkublc degree of prosper-
Ity. Four now Imlgw hitvn nlri'iidy been
liisiltuii'd itliu'i' the Orand 1.<>,i k ,. met at
Kti><-»ct.iii lii.it .May. und ten or twelve
inor* nrc l» ptoccss of .formation. With
very row exceptions the cutnbllshpd lodwtf
urt- advani'lnK Mritrilly In m^mbcrghlp.
eom«? «>f th«m having nearly doubled
within the paMt five months.
Handler General McGloshnn reports
that the Uniform Rank Is more active
and growing m'ora rapidly than for s«v
ernl>«art« past. Now companies are be
ing muHU-rvd In, rapidly, and many of the
old companies uru reunlformlng- them
e»'lv«B. .
Knights of Pythias.
At the session of the Great Council of
of the United States the principal busi
ness was action on the Orphans' Fund
law which makes it obligatory on each
State council to levy a per capita tax of
5 cents to create a fund to care for the
orphans of deceased members. PennsyN
vunla. New Jersey and New York refused
to pay such tax, which led to a great deal
of discussion and the prevailing opinion
was that these reservations should pay
the tax or surrender their charters. This
was laiil over for a term. The proposi
tion to hold biennial sessions, on tha
hi omul of economy, was Indefinitely post
poned. The next session will be held in
Norfolk, Va, The representatives from
Cullfurnlii were well treated, being given
pluces on a number of the committees.
A number of letters have been received
from Henry A. Chase, great representa
tive to the. Great Council of the United
Htates, nnd it appears that he is having a
good time.
Rt-ports presented to the Great Council
of the United States show a total mem
bership in tribes and councils of 2C0.459,
and an Increase of 24,787 during the past
year. There are 23G0 tribes and 6D1 coun
cils. Two hundred and forty-five new
tribes, were added during the past year
and 111 councils. - -
Improved Order of Red Men.
John Van Alen, manager for the Pacific
Coast department, instituted a new coun
cil at-Courtland with twenty charter
members. The new council Is composed
of many of the leading citizens of the
place named, and they have promised to
make a good showing in a short time.
The Pacific Coast department has issued
a "members' business directory." la
which »there is given the occupation of
every member of the order on tha Padfio
Coast.
During tho past week San Francisco
Council of the Order of Amerieus Initiated
two candidates In all the perfectness of
the beautiful and patriotic ceremony of
this order.
Berkeley Council conferred the degrees
on three strangers In a most satisfactory
manner. " '
Order of Americm.
The entertainment that 'Is to. be given
by. that well known parlor, Alta No. 3,
which has for its motto sociability, sin
cerity.- constancy, harmony, peace and
concord, has -resolved Itself into a thea
ter party Instead of a programme and
dance, as was previously stated. •
Mauna Loa is the name of a new parlor
that has been instituted within the past
few days by Clara Smith of Etna Mills,
p. P. G. P., at Fort Jones. - This parlor
has thirty-one charter members.
San Luslta Parlor of San Luis Obispo
has adopted touching resolutions in mem
ory of the late President and ordered its
altar flag draped In mourning for a period
of thirty days, and that during that period
the meetings be in keeping with the days
of mourning.
The following named were Visitors at
the office of the. grand secretary last
week; Grand President Mrs. Genevleve
Baker, Josephine Coddington of Orinda
Parlor, Mary Kane of Oakland, Jessie
Crelghton of Dariria Parlor, Past Grand
President Lena Hilke Mills and Emma
Mills of Stockton. Past Grand President
Mrs. Ema Gett and « Ilanna Bailey of
Darina Parlor, Millie Tietjen. Golden
State Parlor; Grand Vice President Miss
E. D. Keith. Anna Beckmeann, La Ves
pero Parlor; Mrs. R. I>. Jones, Mrs. M.
Howard -and Mrs. E. Toman, Butter
Creek; Mrs. Ida Haines, Mrs. Joe Har
rington. Mrs. Allan Rodderick and
Blanche R. Sullivan, Baden.
La Vespera Parlor of the South 8an
Francisco district had a very enjoyable
lady jinks recently and is making ar
rangements for a grand, ball, to be given
In South San Francisco Masonic Hall In
the near future.
Native Daughters.
Arch Godeau, assisted by Grand Secre
tary Graves, Supreme Herald Martlnoni,'
Grand Treasurer Horn and other mem
bers of the order instituted a new grove
In Pioneer Hall, which has adopted the
name of- McKinley. It starts out with
nearly fifty members on the charter, list,
including a number of prominent citizens.
After the ceremonies there was a colla
tion and short addresses by the officers
named, James I. Boland, Dr. C. A. Glover
and several others.
f-yyARMONY CHAPTER of the
1 1 Order of the Eastern Star
-^» I on the evening of the 17th
""""" I Inst. gave an entertainment
, L and dance in Golden Gate
. Hajl that was the. most de
\u25a0 j \u25a0\u25a0 llgbtful- function that' has
ever been given by this very progressive
chapter. The decoration was most attrac
tive, consisting of evergreens and flags,
illumined with golden-hued electric bulbs,
while over the stage was the motto "Wel
come to our guests-^-Harmony Chapter"
in letters of living light. There were near
ly 600 ladies and gentlemen present, and
the majority, of these took part in-, the
grand march, led by the worthy • patron
and the worthy matron. 'This most de
lightful affair was under the direction of
Die following named officers, who acted
as a committee of arrangements:- Mar
garet Kelton, worthy matron; Robert N.
Carson, worthy patron;' Mary Klein,
associate matron; John C. Kimball, chap-
Iain; Eva May Hare, secretary; Annie M.
Johnson, treasurer; Emma Carter, mar
shal; Henrietta W. McLagan, conduct
ress; Virginia . A. Lewis, associate con
ductress; Alice E. Severance, organist;
Ella M. IlohliTs, Adah; Emma C. Krone.
Ruth; Mary F. Carter, Esther: Minna A.
Cijaig. Martha; Elizabeth V. Gould, Elec
ta; Nellie A. Carson, warder; Walter A.
Rawllns, scntine). • ' ... , . , - -
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice) Ti
coulet will pay a visit to Pajaro Valley
Rose Circle at Watsonville and will b«
present at the dedication of the Foresters.'
new hall Jn that place on that day.
and was joined there by Grand Outslda
Guard Mrs. Melehan of Petaluma. Tha
visit was an instructive one and also In
teresting.
Oakland Circle has arranged for an en
tertainment and ball on the 17th inst.
On the 9th inst Grand Chief Companion
Miss Ticoulet, in company with Supreme
Sub-cblef Companion Mrs. Atwood. Grand
Sub-chief Mrs. Worms, Grand Outside
Guard Mrs. D. O'Callaghan, Grand Trus
tee Mrs. Smith and Past Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Emma Agnes Harring
ton, paid an official visit to Richmond.
the beauty circle of the "Western Addi
tion. There/ were many representatives
of the local circles in the hall, which waa
tastefully decorated with streamers and
flowers. During the evening the clrcla
presented the grand chief a handsome sil
ver souvenir of -the occasion, and also
presented Mrs. Atwood, who is the dep
uty, a tine silver and sold pickla fork la
recognition of her services.
Excelsior Circle will give an entertain*
ment and dance on the 26th Inst. -
Live Oak Circle has completed all ar
rangements for tha entertainment and
dance that it will give in the Alcazar
building on the night of the 7th of No
vember.
THE SAN ITR AN CISCO CALL, SUKDAY^ OOtOBEB 1901.
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS.
35
FldrisfGai
v-f ART\anC FUOkAl 0Z51QH9 V"
Prices ffoosonab/e [.'•\u25a0 ! v
107 POWJELL ST.mca-ELUS SBST 5OS6
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXn ItRAL ESTATE.
JiS^a- TWO-STORY house cf 6 rooms: lot 40
:o»t frnnt; c-r.e Mock from Sin TaWo ave.;
(tot- all done: stone walks laid: nice
-pea lawn: easy term"=; <-an he arranged; Mr
bargain f«r a <julck sale; investigate at once.
<3KO. \Y. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
*5"^"--FIN_^ iarc.. comfortable S-room-nl cot-
'Afe yjth bath and all modern improvements.
an<«. _?! tn sood condition: s>e!eot ecntral r*»sl-
Icv.r* lo--ation on Myrtle «.: lot ISzUS f^et;
sunsy front: easy wal_ rrum local station:
r^rt* f\>r |ht month: Irniiir can be ar-
-ing«d. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS nr.«dwav. (>aklanJ.
J*X>— PLAIN but cr._y o.ttape cf five rooms in
Rood cwidition; funr.j- side; clo^e to B«_ Pab-
lo ave. .fleon-ie fare; street work all ilone:
\u25a0r.sured for $W; policy |«:J for thrre years
in advance RA«et; with tbe piaco; title |>tiiect;
trrmsi r«n l* arranged; «v«uld rvnt for $> to
$10 per month : l.v->k _t__c ui>: cvaer on proin-
ipex. Oi:O. W. 4.CSTIN _ CO..
loo.* Brcadway. <>akland.
JIM down and nff monthly payments will
Puy a e--£'-. nearly n^w. ni>vioi:i colonial cot-
tape of 6 rwms. !-ath. hall, brick foundation.
*te., with (_t_i_g diK-rs ami sanitary (ilumb-
icj:: lot 50.1W teet: >Mc tlie street grade;
with nice open la~ H ar.J stone walks laid;
insured for ItOOJ and all in rtne CMldUlon;
eiectric cart in front, and only a few blooks
frcin Adeline-st. staiton: location very deslr-
abl«?; handy t.i schools ani chuivhes; liberal
discount for _:i cash.
OEO. IV. AUSTIN - CO.,
100S Broadway. Oakland.
i_SJO— A VERY neat hor.je in Peralta Heights:
cotujre of Eix roeBBa anJ bath; barn: lot iox
liT*^; two years «>l«i; elegant view of the
lake; see [feota at oflice.
GEO. \Y. AUSTIN & CO..
IOOk Broadway. O— kland.
SJifcvv— LARGE. comfiirtaMe cottage. In e-xh!
condition; lv-t Efl9_3t feet (note the sise) front-
ing two streets; >2 stret-t work complete;
good stable: chicken yard: chicken h<Mist>a:
fr_it tree?; ftV»ers; vopetable earaen: one
ilock from San PsMo .ive.: ko.tU location;
l_n<3 alone worth th*» money: 0.1st KOTO; well
rented now: insurance I160H, th-v year* In
a.iSv_nce __la_ed; tsxes rai'l w date: titl«*
l^ricct; no Tiiortgase. For a big eatrtflce see
-M* at once: terms can be arranerti. fcee
GEO. W. AUSTIN _: CU-.
U«i$ Bro-Jway. OaklaEd.
S CA5H. SJ 50 monthly: : lots, ZirXi; price
S3* c-sh. ?5 monthly; lot leOxlW; price t_a
:i Wc ll ca6h, C mcntblx: 4 Iota. ix>-l«»: t««
ar.i ehrubbenei-: '.rice $3i«. _._-»_
fTJ cafh. JT M monthly: S lots. 10Cx:00; fine
caks and Isurel tree*; rri<^ __*\u25a0 " .
tti cash. SW ninthly; i.^xiOO: price $S>.S
to a!'.- fine soil, srand rlew. sup«?rb climate;
r.far eteetrte oa.- '.ir.e; flr.e school; building up
rariJ.s »i:h a fv4 «-U.<s of people: no fo_s
nor ran winds: adjoining Bast Oakland: call
r seed for <-*.->-_':.*!-. 4-v- Sec roth st., oppo*ii-
J5rrw.1w.ay s:aii.n. <>ak:auJ; v_rriape free. 11.
2. JONE?. owner. ___________________
ROOM S TO LET—Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
ARGTLS. 2J4 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny,
prill atached: country visitors fliul no place
like the Arcyle: take McAlllxter-st. cars. <
A-BBUXSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms.
SSc to $1 jier night ; Jl !» to J3 per week ana
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT fhasta House. :<6 Third-:00 rooms; newly
renovated; 2.V; ta ">>, U to $3 week.
A NICE sunny euite: also Flngle rooms; neat,
clean and cheap: bath: tel. 832 Stockton st.
BRONX, U_S Tine— Nicely furnished sunny
mom. -
BURNETT, 14M Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BL'SH. 9«7— One large furnished front ror.tu;
reasonable.
BUSH. _HV»— I or ? nicely furnished sunny front
rooms. ____________
I CHANGED hand?. 30? Suiter it.— RoOTOfc light
j houfek ctplng. tilfo single roonif. t\ 50 wk. u|>.
I CLAVGHTOX. THE. 1111 Suttor St.—
I BriBht. clean rooms for quiet sentlemen, $1 7i
( i<t «r-ek; hand«ome front suite, moderate.
j *
i CL1FFOUD, 2C< Ellis, corner Mason-EleRantly
I furnished sunny rooms; prlcea reasonable.
'' EDDV. 305— Nicel} furnished front suite; also
finwle; gas; bath; reference*.
EDDY", ESS— Front sunny rooms; stationary, hot
and cold water; central: reasonable. • .
| EDDV, 632— Pleasant sunny suite; suttabl-s for
i one cr more gentlemen.
i " ~ * .~"
1 ELIJS. S10— Newly furnished rooms.
! ELLIS. 1P44— Room and board; beautifully fur-
I nished room for two gentleman in new flat;
! electric lights; bath. '
i EL'ttENE. fS3 O'FariTll— New House, fireproof,
i new furniture: electric elevator: 25 private
! suites with bath: baths free; first -class.
'\u25a0 $1 W A WEEK— L~rge sunny furnished room;
running water; t^ath; private. >3» Folsom st.
I FOLSOM, 1302. cor. Ninth— Large sunny front
j bay-window room; water, gas, bath; suit. 1-2.
I FOURTH, !C*-Nice front room; suitable- for 2.
j ."RANCISCO" HOTEL— EU>gantT~sulte3 : single;
transient; baths. Mr.-. King, Turk _ Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
ct.. near Fourth.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; traveler- accommodated.
GEARY. 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very desirable,
handsomely furnished suites ; modern conven-
iences: everything new; prices moderate.
; GOLDEN GATE ave., 227— Large double par-
' lore, suitable toe doctor, dressmaker or me-
: dlum; furnished or partly furnished; gas,
bath; rent reasonable.
j GOLDEN GATE ave., 62S— Desirable furnished
rooms, with running water; In private family.
j GOLDEN GATE. 1521— Three large unfurnished
I rooms; also two rooms in rear.
, SPECIAL NOTICES. _•_:_
BAD tenants "ejected for $4: collections made:
city or .country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men. treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pino.
A WEEK'S news for » cents— Thfc Weekly Call"
18 pages, in wrapper for mailing-.' 11 per year.
SBWIXGJMACHIJSES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
..teed. Chas. 1 'law beck. 1815 Million, nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel.' Black 1124. 20S Ith.
ALL kinds bought^, sold, rented; exchanged; re-
- pairing; lowest rates; phone -Mint 4S. 145 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call,
lfi pases. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
storage: and warehouses.
P1EKCE-KODOLPH Storage^ampMo>'Tng"cXi
otfic" Post and Powell Ms. ; tel.. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mia-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. , F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, ?3:o Fillmcre St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van ur.d Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
t<*l. Main 1810: 'shipping at cut rates.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. (
The following marriage' licenses were Issued
yesterdny: . i
. Ernest G. Schaubel. 22, 22 Harper street,
and Eliza C. Kullerton, 2S, Clay Center, Kans.
Harry Johnson, 34. 805 Harrison street, and
Katherine 13. Sc'unlon. 27. 355 Fourth street.
J. Frank Jacks. 29. Stockton, and Gertrude
Brown. 1".'. Stockton. '
Tony Muzziotte. 23, Z* Ninth street, and Cora
B. Mullen. 20. ?1 Ninth street. '
Edward K. Howe Jr., 26. Burllngame, and
Lyrfia \". Wing. i». 347 Waller street.
Wllhrlm Kremm. 43. SM Devlsadero street,
and Kllsabeth Kebhahn. 36, 322 l'evlxadeto st.
Ailolf Bchltfwe, 42,- 7324 Natoma street, and
Anna SehK-wo, 49, 14(>6 Sanche* street. \u25a0
Patrick J. McGrnth. is. 800 Kearny street,
find Anna M. Uurke. 25. 711 Hownrd street.
Harry Hartmann, 14, 1101 Humboldt street,
and Hli die B. M. Sharp. IS. £12Vj Minna street.
Milton 7.. Price. 54. Plaeenille. and Eliza A.
Hanks. £u. 540 Folsom street.
Du ltay Smith. 46. Oakland, and Nella O.
Little. ::>, Oakland.'
Edmund Matteson. 3G. 8K - MoAUlster street,
and Mary A. l"k, 33. 25OS Fillmore street.
Albert G. Johnson. 23. 964 Howard street,
and Jessie B. Le!_hton. IS. Fresno.
Henry Dclasnes.' It. 10*0 Railroad avenue,
and Sldonle Saliut. IS. 102U Railroad avenue.
Tramiullllno Kerventi. 25, svo Seventh street,
and Angela Rebori, IS, v.'O Seventh street.
Frank B. Corson. 30. T Hyde street, and Jen-
nie A; Cloutman. 33. Peabody, Mass.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and denth notlees sent by
mail will not be inserted. Tl.ey must be handed
In at either nf the rmblleutton offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the tame published.
V&) CASH. CO --..-r.thly— A rare Duy for a r«J-
•:-lar.. pporataeet tacasioa: uf^-t.v-datf mciem
J-ttorr bewse at -• rooms: all con\ - onl«'nc»s;
• t>t 4 t; Ni." - *. *^n r"^uiT%'.T '»* svp. no fo#r? n^r riw
« mils* a' lively home at a treat bargain;
price all t^M. U'**<: will niuke terms tu
«u;t. cr 'iss^-ount ior cash. US i eve nth st..
pptemtl* i>r.*.1»»y stattoa. Oakland; onrriage
iree HllSHY Y- JONKS. nuner.
•MC6-- TWO elegant Ka*tlak-" '-•ittases r.rar local
ar.d <-ir»; >> rooms arvi bath; maateU; m>l«rti;
ia tr»'i«- fur fruH ranch.
SITU t ittmn r.tw hou***. i>orce!aln bath,
\u25a0pen fiumt'tng: larg» lot: only J5W cash; l«rm>
t» suit: a well-built. -I'M^in h.«ne.
fCIii— Jft-ro»>m. liieh l**envnt. almost new
\u25a0\u25a0•out*: ro»t ov«r K^K 4 yiirv aij»>: near cars
inJ itKil; a .T.aii f-v »;'<->-iilA«.»rn: «>astly mad<-
;nto 1 "at*; rh-»t>ei>t m«»l.rn h^me in Oakland.
J". K. P«MtTKH St OO-
4 r <0 EStbtii »t . oaklxnd.
.^MALL jtywer.t U^wn. balance monthly, will
t;cy « «r;>>J enmf nil'!'- <-o:t_g»- on l-lghte^nth
'. bet»-eea 3Jark-i ard Hru»h; tl\< room*.
!*th. Uur.'Jrj'; price only ill."*'
U thU I* n«t »hat y.u want, call and s*e
us si mar r.»-w offl<f. 471 Twelfth ft. JAS.
S. NAISMITH
DO roa want a bnncain In Oakland r«al estate?
C.il! ar»4 1** u§ at cur new ofltee. <T1 T»e!fth
n. JAf. 8. SAlSMmt,
A PPK«-IAL OFFER-
tO» CAFH. H» PER JIONTH.
Th-"- S"li: Only Two Left.
E>~irt new s-rrom rp^i-iencen. fronting Tele-
rratti a»e '.Vhy par roi? inv^^tipate.
LAYMANCB REAL F.~ "ATE CO..
\u2666«\u25a0> and «: Kighth st-, Oakland.
A CHANCE f^r Mr rrofit— Wanted. & or mere i
perrons la iniest I1SM <a.«h In th» purchase:
>4 a ;*-»-Jtifu! tra< t of Oak!»rd aereaRo prop-
erty e_c»lle_tljr locattMl ttr yubdtvi<jing Into 1
l«t«- tr.ust he secureU !nim«-4l-tHy; principals t
oe'r. Ai1r*5s !!., b->x rMI. Call. Oakland, j
.» r.Arvi.AlX— Almost _ew; c six-raoo cottage |
ar« f-'.li: lit 4-ixm f^-et: with or vltbout .
rsmnure. Z-Ti West «.. Oakland. !
A WEEK'S new* for 3 cents— The Weekly Call. ;
:« ;ay» ; -- in -.-— iyj.fr. for maHlnr. 11 v^r year.
OAKLAXP KOI SKS TO LET.
S12— cf.TTAGE t r nog. r.tar rVan Pablo ave.
J.V. — ;n rooms; e'-gtat condition: near train.
S.7 SO — K>gact m'ylerr. urr-er flat; near
town.
ti^— Brar-.i new. Tno6^m; fine neirhrorhood.
tVr- ' rc-nrr.r; newly ;ar>^re<!; 612 17th et.
Hi— 7 rocs:*: newly papered: CK 17t_ eu
K"*-C"ttiu? r « r.^m*: 12I« Filbert St.
tr« — A friap; ;am!?n«l house, 12 rooms; fine
mrr.er: ( lejant billiard room and table: near
grains.
t2V- i-eiory. 9 rooms: rear trains; fine loca-
•Jcn: on TeUcra^h n*.
$10 y— c'-, acr— 5; h'.use, 4 roo-is: near trains
IS S. F.; slock for «ale a'so.
GEO W. AUSTIN * CO.,
1VS nrcad— ay. Oakland.
OAKUVD S-IKMTIKK IIIK SALE.
AN iBtToductloa to :cu from H. Scfcellhaa*. the '
furniture ce_!»rr. :!lh acl Franklin. Oakland.
nOOMS FOR MOl'SEKEEPIXG.
EROAbWAY. HU near Polk— Large sunny
fror.t rrv,ra. -»ith u*e of kitchen; also small
roo— 25; r^ni I .•»\u25a0.
HCENA VTSTA ave., M>. overtookint Golden
'Jat" Park ar.J occaa, near Maconlc ave. Had
Kr*r<5«"ri';_-5 rooma, parlor flo«-jr; alro 3 oth«-r
roomi; i>rivat^ hrajwt; furn. or unfumli >hed.
CALIFORNIA. .">.",!— 3 Funny rooms furnished
Utc iigbt bcus«keepi_2; co children.
riFTH, VZ— Fi;rr.i»hf<l hounoke^pln^; two, lit;
thr<-*. j:i; ihre*. ill; also slncle. $4. ti and up.
FIRFT, 2yi. an<3 i Tfhaim, same building— i
rooms «-zch for b«asekeeploc rent cheap.
KOLSOM. t.T>- Lover Boor l?.r>w hous*k*eplng
r»nn and groun'l- f-w chlMren.
FULTON. 12'-:. r.-ar Scott— S 7unny~unfurn!8h^d
room»; bath: \&".rAzy. x '\u25a0\u25a0>%' \u25a0r.aXA"..
GEARY, 2221— % nr 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
OOLDEX <5ATE »v«., Vji^TrvM. alcove, with
i.nvW'-eff, of kitcben.
GOLUEN OATK. ot,jrT»rrerson square—
Dwlrabte fumlsn»«j M;it*; housekeeping; r»fs.
OOCQB, US .Bui— !y iD<»-1«rn parlor; yes range.
rV-ino, gas, I~U:; c-rrr.i<Iet» houeekcepir.g; *U.
ilrAlXIKTEIt. !•?.• Ni'«ly furnished sunny
suit**; k*» range; sirk; bath; laundry; M. tlh.
McALLISTEIt. MS- 3 nt<~:y turnl^h7h~t,ny-wln~
4<*w rwmi; bath; t:a«; |20 ; Oerman fanrlly.
KIXETEEXTH. iD, near Valenrja-2 «lepant
cjr.r.y rooma, n'".»;v rurnlshtd; phone, bath.
omrt^is. tjay-wln".- — . plan-.; ll«rht hous'kj x.
NOK. IT»— 1 tr 2 nt.-eiy rornlabe. many r>yjtu*
for hous'-k»«-plng.
OAK, \'t-l or t f_rnit!i«-d r«x-ms for hw»eke»i>-
OCTAVIA, 1W-. r,ym-r <i- AT y— Large sunny
frx,«t «»d bz'k parlor*: wr yV>\+; houitfkpg.
11NK. «li— i ?unr.y lurrii-h';-! ro'jms; vtt of
kltrlxm. t»tb ar<l lautj'Jry; cheap.
POLK. W2— Z «n4 .". room Ulltea. completely
furrlf.hed for touFi-ki.*;;>ing; rh«-ap; reference.
SIXTH. 8P finite cf rootnt; pdrllefe ol kitch-
en; iea«; r»-fct>o.'if.bJ*.
WOCKTHKt U07— Xioeir farnT»7.eT rooms for
h-/uf l »kf-fj)lnic; r»at r««j;onal,le.
TffHAMA. ?-\ I -r 2 U:r<- sunny rrwrris;
houi^ki^ii'nr: r»-r.t r»£»<tiable.
TtCIRO. tn—JZcwly luruluheil housekeeping
rm'trs; alxo ulr.i'l*- roomn.
T!JIIiI>. 4'Ji— Pinsl* end bou:i*k« ping rooms,
Bewjy fvrnU'bi-d ; sunny; t<atbrb'>m.
TMK P1EUV.<>?:T. IU-A f?l_tn"-4~ «-onnflCtln_
THRKJJ upper HUajr rooms In Western Ad'll-
tl'iu: fumlrhed for tlptit h'.u»<k''ei.lng; large
cola, ts. grat^. U-Wj'\i>mf. H'm 1277. Call.
Vil/KXaA, i2i-2 ur 2 r unny furnlished bay-
window r'Mu*. kitrhfo and large porch.
VAN N1_;S _vi- . <a«7-Ilan4Konvly fornl»he<*
_????y P*rior* «-itb_buusekee|iinK privileges.
WALUCR. 219- t"nrurnlrl»«^~ro7~fro_»Tke^l*iM" : "
{>_u_ful i,ulie of runny |>_rlor«; lavatory, bot
_nJ t;oi<l v/_t«-r, l^ath, ra*. erate; marlnv
- ___T2!' : _i! rl _. l __l u W r fl *t.
WakhiN'JTOn] i~y>-T*o or three aunuy
/ routiu: can ranee. •
CLAtjHJKIKI> -dvertlBejnetiin and nubserlptloc*
r«-c<-lved at '_ll branch ofile-. mm ril/rn»re.
A IJKANCH offlce formal I advertii*meot« and
*u— kcrtptlotw teas — f«n established stt IBM
VaJ»-ncl_ «.
CIlEApi'ST B nd liert In Ame r \ca-Th« Weekly
rjji. K titxz-t. iml to any addn-es to tb*
v. dted £uxUe cr Canada out jtrtir lot $_
, HOTEL _T. PKNIS (Kuropean plan). U Turk
- i>t.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ins: elegantly furninhed; strictly first-class;
: Me per day and upwur-l; »i«««clal rates by the
ween or month; l>est In the city; reference*:
take Market-iit. cable cars to Turk st. '
i JONES, 913— Klegarit sunny rooms; also beau-
I tlftil corner suite; single roomti.
I LtABKIK, *»4-5unny front room, nleely fur-
! f.i^i-.i. 1 or 3 i-rsont; JT and $li; also light
J housekeeping rooms. _____
: LEA V KN WORTI 1 . »7-Nlce|y furnished sunny
j rarlor »ulte. K0; olhern 110.
I LKWIS pi., It, off Taylor st., bet. IVwt and
I Sutler— 1, I or I unfunitshe. r«mi». Apply
on |>remli~» or to C. IL J. TllL'MAN, Hi
Mason st.
! MAIITINKT. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
; Ness-£uitet new fur.; single rooms. |1> up.
I ilETCALF pi., ». off Geary St.. near Mason-
Two furnished rooms; reasonable.
1 MINNA. M7. corner dghth-Newly furnlnhed
bay-window room; II t»er week: transient.
MISSION. WiH— Nicely furnlfhed sunny bay-
window front room: grate, gas, etc.; quiet.
MISSION. *m»-Runny furnished housekeeping 1
rooms: no children.
N A TOM A. «2-! furnished rooms In private
_ family.
' NICELY furnished roem with private bath
j attached: rent MS. Apply K2 Ellis St.
j NEW ARLTNOTON. 1015 Market St.
1 O'FARRKLL. 50— Sunny furnlnbed rooma and
; office*: elevator: «lee. light*; d»y. week, mo
! PO^T. IT>— Large, nlc- front room; gaa and
; bath: private family: reaionable. ,
POWELL. W3— Furnlnhed or unfurnished front
j al«-o>e; sunny; marine view; suitable t gents.
RO7AL. House. i:-i Kills— Incandescent light;
reading-room, tmoklng-room arul ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. _>c to Jl SO; week, $2 to
I?: month. $8 to fl»: elevator on Kround floor,
rocms with *- ' and cold water; baths.
i SACRAMENTO. 1461—Sunny unfurnished upper
floor cf 2 rooms In houre with private family.
I SIIKRMAN Apartment linuse. M Eighth »l..
I n-?ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
I STEVENSON. t»— tfunny furnished front
, room.
j ' — —
< TATI^OR. 10e— Nice rooms: fl Ut up.
t , \u25a0
i TURK, MI— Bright. Mir.ny rwm: grate, gas
J an-! tiath; 12 15 per week; private.
I WILLIAM. 15. off O'Farrell. near Taylor— Nice
aunny room In new flat; folding bed; gas;
j phone; $7 month.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. _?W Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has b«en established at 1093
1 Valencia >t.
nooMgjisipirioAnp^
IJOTEI. Lamboume— Strictly high class; most
el*cantly furnished; nuonatlc In price;
suites and Mingle rooms; board optional. 430
Eddy t_, near Leavenwortb.
TnE CECILERNE. »S> Van liess are.
I AT $"^5 per month a couple can have excellent
! board and pl^ai-ant rooms In family, where
{ there are only a f*w other boarders: refer-
! ences; everythlnK first class. Address Private,
! box U15. Call office. .
I LAROE sunny newly furnished single rooms.
j with txcellent board. In private Jewish fam-
i lly for couple or gentlemen; references; cen-
trally located. Box I**. Call offlce.
PCNNT rooms and t>osrd in nice home tn Oak-
land; W minul** from city; telephone, piano
and bath: refi-roncen exchanged. Address 51S
j Adeline M., Oakland.
I tTFk COKBIN. «« Hutter St.— Rooms single and
i en euiu-; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
I client table.
I CALIPf*rtNJA. W7 (Ktevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; except'nal table; attractive rmi,
CAPP. 133— Lsrgc sunny room, suitable for 1.
with l»;.-ir<l. In private family.
GOLDEN GATE a\-e.. 6IS— Nice sunny large
room, with t>oard; rea<w>nabl«.
WANTED— A few flmt-clans boarders; reftr-
tr.cra given and required. Box 1209, Call.
CALIFORNIA. JW7 (St«»ven>ton mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rmn.
UOTKL. Lax Palmas. H20 Market-Hulte 2 or 3
rocms. bath; lK>ard optional: single rooms.
UOTKL Jltpelier. "*1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
extellent table; special rates to tourists.
t»'FAKRKLL. C0& (Johnson House)— exception-
ally fur, eultes; beautiful rrndw; table board.
Sl.'XNY front parlor suite, with icood board for
4, In private family; $1R; telephone. 51« Jon»-s.
TW'BNTV-KIXTH. Mie-Nlccly furnished room*
without or without board.
A WFEK'B news for & cents— The Weekly Call.
1<5 pan*». In wrapper for mailing, fl per year.
ROOMS AXP DOAnP WASTED.
YOUNG man 'desires room and < o'clock din-
ner In private family. Box 1314, Call office.
IIOO31S WANTED.
A QI'IHT couple wish to rent part of a fur-
nlrti"! house or flat In the most pleasant dis-
trict In the Westers Addition. Box 1280, Call
office. * - •.
MIDDL.K-AGED lady wishes sunny unftir-
nlrhed alopve. room in .a rcsp^rUible fajnlly;
rent not to exceed U per mo. Box 1102, Call.
YOUNO cmtleman and wife desire J or 1 8
nl<Hy furntuhed rooms for housekeeping;
good locality. Hox 12*7. C-ll office. .
TWO <vr S furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
I lady and daughter; north of Butter sf. Box
tS2. Call. ,.-\u25a0',•-\u25a0\u25a0
LAHGR parlors and 2 iiunny suites; furnished
or unfur.; north of • Ma rket. tkix g»5,- Call.
Bl'NNV unfurnished room by lady employed
during day; West. Add. A. II.. U2S Butter.
WANT-D—3 or A unfurnished rooms near: Pulk'
and Turk. Address box HOI, Call offlce. '
- * t j t j^ T 5 MB *** st 7 An * v _ 3 *: *
UKNTEK'H .RUPTUKE 8AKJTAIUUM. ttOji
Markft : tn atmint free; tlOO paid (or any trusu
as good as our new double lever rupture solder.
BORN.
BINZ— In this elty. October 7. 1M1, to lh^
wite nf William Hlni, a daughter.
CONNKLLY-In thU city. October U. 1WI, to
the wife of Francis M. Connelly, a son.
CltONt.V-In this city. Hej.tember 30. ISOI. to
the wife of Jnmes J. Cronln. a son.
I1ACKKTT-In thU city, Ootober IS. 1K1. to
the wife of A, Hnekett,- a duuithlrr.
HAI.I/-In this city, fictobcr 7. 1>'1, to the
wife or William C. Kail, a son.
IIO_KKR— In this city, October L*>, 1901, to the
wife of Joseph Hoefer, a »«n.
JACOUV-ln this city, October 12. ISOI, to the
wlfa of J. II, Jncoby. a dnuchter.
LKNAHAN- In this eliy. October 7. 1W)1. to
i!ie wife of John A. Lenahan, a son.
I4OOAM— In thts city, Octftlier 17, 1»1, to the
wife of O. 1'. !<0Knn, a daughter.
MADDKN-ln this city, <>ctoU>r 0, lwjt. to the
wife of Henry A. Mnddvii, a son.
MAYMAN-In this city. October IX. !!*>!. to the
wife of Jamrs II. Mnymnn, a dauKhtrr.
MKltHlL--Ncsr Agnew. Cal,. October 7, 1901.
to the wife nf l\ M. Merrill, a dMUghter,
MAIILEK— In this city. Ot'tobor 13. 1'juI. to the
wife of John I>. Mahler, a son.
MOFFAT-In this city. Octolter 5. 1MI, to th»
wife of James Moffat, a daughter.
MUlti'ilY— in this elty. Oolob-r >, 1901, to the
wife of Kduard Murt>hy, a son.
ri(l>'.'.i;i.I^ In this city. October 11, 1501. to
the wire of Jersi Prcsnrll. a son.
t-M t i:t;i» *if — in this city. October S. 1901, to
the wife of A. J. Hinlrcleh. a son.
VKRLINPKN— In Colmn. October 5, Wl. to
tho »:re of A. K. Verllnden. a son.
WAONKH-ln this city. (Ktober 12, 1901.- to the
wife of P. U. Wagn»r. a son. • •
WHKAHTr— In this city. October ». 190L to
the wife of James M.. Whearty, a daughter.
_ HRTE p|.|
BKRTWELL- McCAItTHY— In this city. Octo-
ber t«, _vl. by the llcv. Father Connolly.
Frank M. Uerttvell _nj Ellubelh O. Mc-
Carthy. • ' '•»
BI-ACK-imADSIIAW-In this city, October
17. ISni. by the Itev. Or. K. Nelander. paftor
of the Flis; Kngtliih Lutheran Church. KranK
M. Hhwk _u.| l.llllan KUu Hra.Uhaw, Uuth
nf San Francisco.
COLE— STONK-ln this city. October 1«. l»l.
at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev. W. Max-
well fleltly. rvctor. Nathaniel 1*. Cola Jr.
and .Vujl-'ll • btone. . k
FAU?rt-FIT7.l>ATKICK-lh thU city. Oe'jubtr
— . 1*01. »•>• the Hev. Father Collins. Wll-
llan Fan** and Cecilia J. FiUoatiick. buth
of Han Francisco.
Ht-'JsTKD— I'AHKElt— In this city. October 1«,
1901, by the Hev. Oeorse W. lieatty. True L
Husted of i'U-asanton, Cat., and _va Blals-
delt Parker of ,S«nia Uarbara. Cal.
JONES— NEW SON— In thts city. October 16.
1*1. by the 'Key. Ueorge \V. frratty, Vivian
Jcnea and Huby Newson, both of Oakland.
Cal.
McMl-'LLEN-BRCCE— In thin city. October 3.
1901. at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev. W.
Moxwcll lt-llly. rector, Joseph Ioinit Sic-
Mullen and Frances Bruce.
MACKLK-HOFFMAN-In tbls city. October
1ft. 19"1. by tbe Rev. Curtis E. Long, John
MaukM nt Madcra. Cal., and Minnie Hoff-
man of San Francisco.
RICKKRT-CLAASPKN— In Oakland. October
1«S, 1901. by the Rev. J. H. Th<M*«. Frank
Klckcrt and Mathllde M. L. Claassen.
WALI-OLE— CHAPIN— In this city. October 19.
l*oi, by the Rev. O^orge W. lleatty, Robert
II. WalCKde of Point Bonlta and Ina May
OftHn of Han Francisco.
WHITE— CAKItOX— In Uj1» city. October W.
1^1. by the Rev. Oeorjre W. ileatty. I»rutld
C. White and JJarr C Carron. both of ban
' Francisco. : ••
DIED.
Barry, Charles McCarthy. Patrick
I>evlne. Michael McCormlek. Fiank ii.
l>unn», J<s*ph McGovern. Jo0ei>h E.
Foearty. B>«sle Merrill 'Infant)
<iauch. Wllhelmlna Mlllnielnter. Chrlutlna
Olttoe. «"ti/irlfi> T. it. Moylrs, Owen
Oleln. Marsai-the Murdock. I-Mwnrd W.
Hamilton. Florence Puch. Jone
llanlon. DanlM Quald. William H.
Hartmann, J. Italcevlch. Antone
Howard. William H. 'Rynn. James
Mupfeld. Wllhelmlna . Sander. KUzabrth
Jav-er. Ueorce VI. ffavaire, Anna M.
Je»i»Tson. Gladys Smith. Elmer J.
Kelly. Phllllprna Turuiliui. Mkfca»l T.
Mc<rarthy, Jamta Tlllson. Anson T.
BARRY— In this city. October IS. 1901, Charles
Harry, beloved husband of John mi Sophia
Catherlna Harry, a native of Oottenburg.
(Sweden, aged 80 years 10 months and IS days.
fyFrlend* nnd acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funernl to-day
(Bundajr). at 11:30 nViwk, from the. parlori*
of Charles J. 1*. Metilcr. 636 Washington
Kr^et. unJrr the aunplccn of Golden City
I»d«te No. «3, K. of P., th*ne* to Third and
Townwnd streets, by 11:80 o'clock train.. In-
- terinent M«^unt Olivet Cemetery.
1JKVINB— In thin city, Cxrtober IS. 1901, Mlch-
acl, below] son of Michael and Catherine'
Devlne, a native of San 'Francisco/ aced W
years. ' *<
tr^nemalns at the iiarlors of McFadden,
M«-.Br«-«rty &. Oreen, 1171 Mlewlon street.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor ti» Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*T.
FUNKRAL Dl HECTORS AND KMHALMER&
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
. . Telephone fiouth JO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Matio County. :
OFFICE WO MARKET. STREET.
? J. H-KDERgpy. Manager.
E?ufeTir^o1!nrr™ ll ™™ 1 ™™TlcT3^^
Funeral Dlreeton nnd F.mbalmeri. ,
21 KDOT ; 8TUEKT.
Telephone. South .2R2. \u25a0' ...San Francisco.
NEW FIRM OF UNDBRTAKBRS.
Samuel AlcFadden. 1 IS years manager for
the. United Undertakers' , Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company lor 10
yctri; P. F. Oreon, late, with J. C. O'Connor
£ Co., <have- opened m-w. Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission : street.* between ; fJcventb \u25a0' and
Eighth.- Telephone \u25a0 South 44.; . •\u25a0- .,
CREMJVtlOm
The Odd t-cllows)' Cemetery Ansoclatlon
, '. Point Lobos avc.. 6. 1%, Cal. . ' .
The ordinance wghlbl 1 1 n_ . burials S In ' Bin
FraocUco after the first day at August. llWt
does not refer to CK KM ATI ON.' Neither does
It affect the COLUMUAUJUM, bexaus* there la
nothing less fcarmft- to tha living than the
ashes of their dead, m -..\u25a0-:.\u25a0\u25a0. ,.\u25a0- y- .\u25a0;.-\u25a0
Permit* to cremate will • be Issued br t_»
Soard of Health tbe same as heretofore;. «'«>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
, . OXOAOS XL FLKTClUtK Mauacw.
A friend to ! everybody | is ft £rlen4 only
to . himself. .' \u25a0:, \u25a0.\u25a0:, .. \u25a0 \u25a0 ; . , •.-••..; SHS_Ssh3lft»i
DUNNE— In ttaU'clly, October 17. 1901, Joseph,
dearly belovad son of . tha late Joseph and
Jane Dunne, and brother of William. Qeotee
and Henry Dunne and Mrs. William H. John-
son, a native of New Orleans, aged 46 years,
ICTFrlenda 'and acquaintances ure respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral
•parlors of Jamm Mi;Olnn_ Co.; • 214 Eddy
street, , thenue to St. Francis Church for B«r-
vicca. commenclna at M:3Q o'clocl:. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. _
FOOARTY-In this cjty, October IS, 1901, Bes-
sie Fotrarty, dearly beloved and only child
of John J. and Suele A: FoKurty, a native of
San Franclaco, aged S years 9 months and 3
days. ' v - .
(_7 Friends and acqualntnnces arc reFpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 537 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery. ( >
GAUCII-In tbls City. October 17. 1901. Wll-
helmlna, beloved wife of the late John _\u25a0
Gauch, and mother of Loul.se Gauch \u25a0 and
Mil. M. C. Sleebuttle. a' native of Germany,
a«ed 59 years ti mpnthn and IT days. (Provi-
dence, R. I., papers please copy.)
f_~Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 23S Duncan street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
GITTOE-In Oakland, at 1542 Tjleirraph ave-
nue. October 19. 19dl, Charles Thomas Kobble
Gittoe. son of Helens and Kobble H. Gittoe.
a native of California, aged 5 months and ti
days. , . \u25a0-.:•.\u25a0 •. . . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..
GLEIX-In this city, October 19. 1901, Mar-
garcthe, beloved wife of' the late Carlos F.
Gleln, ond mother of Mrs. Augusta A. Trie-,
ber. MIsh Charlotte Gleln, Mrs. Louise Has-
maler and Mrs. KlUabeth Walton, a native
of Hertzfeld. Germany, aged 74 years 3
months and 14 duys.
C~Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 931
Fell street, between Steiner and Pierce. In-
terment private. Please. omit flowers.
HAMILTON-In this city. October 19. 1901,
Florence E.. beloved wife of. Walter Hamil-
ton', nnd daughter <>f J. K. Krlck, a. native of
Minnesota, aged IS years 4 months and 13
days.
HANLON-In the City and County Hospital.
October 19. 1901. Daniel llanlon, a native of
Ireland, aged ?>2 yearn.
IIARTMA.NN- In the City and County Hospi-
tal. October 19. 19C1, J. Iiartmann.
HOWARD— In San Mateo, October 19. 1901.
William H., beloved Jiusbund of Annie I).
Howard, and father of Mrs. F. 8. Whltweil.
W. D. M. Howard Jr. and Rdward \\\. Miss
Frances S. and John K. Howard, a native
(if California, aged 01 years.
[CTNotlee of fiuieral hereafter.
HUPFELD-Entered into rem. In this city.
October IS. 1W1. Wilhelmlna. dearly beloved
wife of Dr. Julius W. Hui>fe!d. and mother
of Albert and Julius Hupfrld, aged &$ yeura
an«i II days.
E~Kuneral and Interment strictly private.
JAEGEH— In this city. October 19, 1901. George
M.. husband of ICleonore G. Jut-Ktr. father of
George H.. Otto E. and Frederick C. Jaeger,
Mrs. tN»m PivHton, Mrs. Henry Pike and the
late. Hcrtha A. Jftrger ami Mr.-. Hermlne K.
lijirsar.tl. und vtepfutiier of Gustavo do Neve,
a native of KstUnKcu. Unvurlu.. aged 73 years
8 months and H days.
(T~ltlendB are Invited to attend the funeral
.to-morruw < Monday), at 2. o'clock, from his
lute renlileiuv. 41H Eureka street, between
Twenty-fti»t und Twj>niy-s«cond. " Interment
1. o. o. f. Cemetery.
JESPBR8ON— In this city, July 30, 1901,
• rlmly.s. lieloved child of Alma und MngRle
Jei'pcTtun, airrd 6 months nn<l 16 ituys.
KKLLV- In this city. Oclo»>*r 19. 19)1, Phll-
ll;H>na Kelly, a nitllvc of Oermnny. used 66
>.-ni« and 7 tnonihn.
MrCAKTHV-ln thin city, James, beloved son
- of lliiniiHlt ami the Uto M'rhnel McCarthy,
father of Maifk'lP. Kdvvnrd. Alice nml Anna
McCarthy, ond Itroiher of Mlcliacl, Thmnns
anil Mamie McCarthy. Mr*. E. Arinluixt.-r,
Mr*. T. »"ury nnd the lalu John Mci'nrilo.
n native o( .S<w V«rK, aged 31 > -ir» ) muntli
H I'd 9 <1i«: I*.
r~Tli" fun«rnl will take place to-day
(funduy), at 12:30 o'clock, from tho |i*rior*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., "•'' Mlr«ion street,
thence to Pt. IVter's Churrh fur service* nl
i o'clock. Intermrnl Jl»ly I'ron* Cemetery.
Me«*AHTHV-ln thtfl city. <»ct/.brr 13. KOI.
I'.tt 1 1< k. lili.vr.t son of Panlcl and Mary Me
I'mthy, brother tif .N-.r.i McCarthy, mil
nephew of I'nirU'k Walrh of Oakland, a im-
tlvc of i.'uhem-h. County Cork, livinn.l, ««••>!
Zi years. »
ST'Krlenil* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited In attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondny), at »:5» o'clock, from the resilience
of Jolm Collins. C« Polsom streei. iii-rnt? to
HI. \u25a0 Patrick's Churrh, where a sulemn re-
ijul-m ma«s will l>e celebrated for the n-tH.se
of his soul. romineticliiK ut V o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crtss •'emelery.
Mn nitMHMv- In Alameda. October 19. lfOl.
Frank II. MiCorinlck, a native of Ohio, aged
(4 yenr*.
f^ Notice of funeral hereafter.
MrGOVKltN-ln •'-Klnii.l. October It, 1901. Jo-
i.r|.h Karl, belovol > >n cf James J.'and P.llzu
Mo<iov<*rn, a native of Canada, oged It years
4 months Htid 17 days.'
CT Friends nnd «cnualntances are reiniect-
fully Invited to. attend* the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the reeldence
of bin parents. 100) Kranktln street, tbenr-
io the Church of the Immnculate Conception,
wh^re rervlcen will h» held, com nwnclnic ut
2:30 o'clock. Interment HI. Mary's Ceim.tery,
Oakland. ••
MiUtKlLI^-Near Aenew. Cal.. October 7. wol.
infiuvt daushKT of Mr. sind Mrs. F. 11. Mt-r-
rtll.
MILI._KISTKR— In Ran Jose. October 17. i>u.
ChrUtma. beloved wife of II. MUlmvlster,
asirtl i* years.
t"~Frl<n«ln and ac<junlntnneet» nre respect-
fully invltnl to attend the. funeral to-day
iHuri-tjiy). at 2 o'clork. from the fnmlly r.*i'l-
•l«-!ic»\ !?.*• Lenzrn avenue. 5an Jose. Inter-
mrnt at Oak Hill Ccmrury,
MOYLKS— In this city, October 19. 15«1, Owen.
beU.vvd hu»)>.T.rl of Annie il»yles. father of
Jan«»-s W. nnd K.URcne V. M..yl«-n. Mrs. Clif-
ford MldiilemUs utul Mr«. Gi-<rtr«* K-nnu-,
.rantUnil-cr of c,e<<rB(> W,l W|l||». Nmlle.
Jr»"j.it and Ik-it'-Hh Moylr*. ond broihfr oi
Mrs. M. Fcllon and Mr*. Dora l»jwe of
Scrarton. Pa.. * native of <*oun»y May.i.
Ireland. iS<r«nt"ii and Arctibald pj^vrs
lilemie ccr.y.»
Clriemls and acqualntunces are r«-m»ect-
fully Invtieil to attend the funeral to-morroar
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence £49 Frll (.treet. tlicnn- to Sarrnl Heart
('Inir"')!. where a solemn re<iulcm high mans
will be c»leb,mt«M for the rei^se til his iu»ul.
commencInK »t »:3a o'clock. Interment Holy
Crr.«» Cemetery.
MI.-UIKX.'K — In Alaaka. Kdwnrd W. Munlock.
t.fluvid son of the late Hamurl and Ktlza
Murdock. and brother «>f Joe nnd Alice Mur-
dock and ilw. R. l\ Mur.ihy.
PIMJH-In this city. Octolwr 19. 1901. Jane
t'uah. dearly l-eloved wife of William I'ukIi.
n native of W.ilcs, agrd 44 years 4 months
and 3 .l.-i y. i.
0.1'Ain-ln this city. Oct \u25a0>!>«\u25a0 r IS, 1901. William
II., beloved son of Miii-jr-'t iiri-l tlie late
William Qual'l. and brother of the Lit.- Dan-
!• 1 and John J. Quald. a natlvo <>f Virginia
City. Nov., ae*'d 37 years 5 months and 3
tluys. \u25a0 .
ZT Friend* and ncfiuilntanc*** are remwet-
j fully Invited to attend the fun»ral to-morrow
»Mond»y), at S:SO o'clock, from the resi-
dence "( his mother. 24: N'atoma Ktreet.
thoncfl to St. Patrick'* Church, where a re-
qulem hlch ma»» will be rrl*hro,ted f«r the
repose of Jilx "oul at 10 o'clock. Intermrnl
Holy Cro«» t.Vmelery.
KAICKVICH— In this rlty. October IS. 1901.
Antone Hnlcevlch. iHto of Jarkmrn. Amidor
County) ChI., a native of Slats of Dalmattn.
Konahle. Austrlo. asxO 30 ytnrs.
C~Frlen ( N and ocau.ilntnncfs «re respect-
fully Invited to attend the fonvra! to-day
(Bundcy). at 1 o'riook. from th« pnrl-.r.* of
the Henry J. Oallagher U'ndertnklnft Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Cron«
c.'emeiery.
KYAN— In this city. October IS. 1901. James,
dearly beloved hu*bond of Mary Itynn, and
father of Itobc-rt. James T.. Michael. Delta
nn) Morln Kyan an>l Mis. T. L. CaMello of
l.n< Ancelet, n n.itlve of County Onlway,
I relit l<d, agc<l f.i yrars.
|r_>*KrlenilH and aoiuhlntnnceii nrc rennet -
fully. Invited tu nttend the funeral to-morrow
iMonday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from his lnt« ro*i-
dfnee. 32 Mttrl:>oifa terrare, off Harrlsun
street, bctwi-eo yoventh und Klghth, theni'G
to St. Josct>h'H Church, where a roqulcm high
m£PS will be celebrated for the repon<> of hlM
• ml. coinmencInK at 9 ci'cluck. . Interment
Holy Cro5» t.'emrtnry.
HANI)KR-In Oakland. October 18, liWl, ElUft-
beth, beloved wlfi? of Ur. Ambrose Sander,
and mother of Mrs. Eugeno Thorn Jr. and
Nestor and Ilnrry Band<*r, h native or Meck-
lenburg, Germany, aged 41 years 1 month
and 20 day". ' : . -
BAVAOE-ln this city. October" 19. 1901. Anna
M. Havape (nee Rledcl). bolnved wife of Kd-
warri Havane. mother of Hnrold (}. SnvuK' 1 .
daughter of Geortf nn«l Anna M. niedel. and
lister of JOokIc K. Uledel, a natlw of Hun
FrnnclKCo, aged 24 yutn 10 months and 25
dny«. \u25a0 . '
SMITH— In Frultvale. October 18, 1901. Klmor
Jeremiah, beloved son of Ktla and the late
Jeremlnh Hmlth, nnd brother. of Itoy Smith,
a native of Rhode Irland, nurd 12 yearn and
9 dayu.
TANNIAN-In this city. October 18. 1901. Mteh-
acl Thomas Tannlan, dearly beloved Bin nf
Ann nnd the late John TnnnlHti. and brother
of Martin, Mamie. Knte i.nd Annie- Tannlnn,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged- 27 year*.
ICTFrlends Hr© 1 resuectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, from his late r»sld«nc«, 723 Walter
street. 1 hence to Hacrcd Heart Church. "corner
Fell and Fill morn streets, whero cervices will
be held at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Croei
. Cemetery.
TILLSON-In this elty. October 16. 1901. Anson
. True, dearly beloved husband of Annie Till-
' son, ond father of Annie, Klnlo. and True
Tlllaon and Mrs. • O. E.. Hart of New York.
r native of Ati.TUHta, Me, ogud D3 years 5
luonlhH and 8 days. .
IC'Frlemls and aRqualntnncea nre respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets.
\u25a0 Intf rroent Odd Fellow** ' Ceniotery. V \u25a0>The Partiality of Ale Drinkers
For BVANB' ALB comet from long experience
and tho knowledge, of what the boat ln ale is
and should tm. Leading dealer*. •
For *!de rides 10 points on tho Santa Fe.
Open to holders or Episcopal 'Church Con
vention tickets. • friends accompanying
and holders ot nine months' excur«lo»
tickets. Dates of. sale, September 23 to
November 10 -Inclusive. Limit » days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
lyW-ln'ormatlon call at Santa Fe offices.
CU Market st. and terry depot.
Special Rates
And every suit of the Lyceum Clothing
Co. will be gone, for the bankrupt stock
of A. lirlck & Co. in ready to be moved
Into the more. Wednesday nothing but
hats will be sold, for the room Is wanted.
Hermans hats, such as Knox, Dunlaii,
8t«Uson and Youman, all have to go thiM
week. To-morrow will be a great day.
There will be on sale 600 all-wool men'*
suits, stylish patterns, worth $18, for |4 63
at the clothing assignee sale of the Bo*
ion, 773 Market street, near Fourth.. •
Only Ons Week More
"John'M. Neall, ex-cnptaln of Troop B,
Fourth Cnvalry. was taken to San Quen
tin • yesterday, morning to begin serving
the two years' term of Imprisonment to
which ha had teen sentenced by United
States District Judge de- Haven. Walter
N. Dlmmlck. cx-chief clerk of the Mint,
who received a similar sentence, still re
mains in tho County Jail, although he
was granted only one day's gruce by
Judge do Haven. »
Ncall Chocs to San Quentin.
Old Friends' Breakfast.
Colonel T. P. Robinson, W. IJ. Peel,
Harry Nleman, Fred Raabe, A. C. Cun
ningham. William Koehler and M. J<\
Uonuavy have been appointed an a rom
mltte«,of the Society of Old Friends to
Bet up a. bullshead breakfast for Sunday,
November 3, at a plac*! to be hereafter
designated.
BENICIA, Oct. 19.-Wllllam B. Rulof
son disappeared from hla home In this
city on Wednesday evening. He was last
seen shortly after 10 o'clock at night, go-
Ing down First street toward tho cny
wharf. His parents and friends have al
most come to the conclusion that ns
ended his life by drowning.
..ulofson was a young man 26 years old.
height 5 feet 11 Inches; weight, about 17S
pounds. He was wearing a soft, brown
felt hat. a black coat and trousers and
brown vest. On one of his fingers was .%
gold band ring with the word "MIzpah" \u25a0
engraved on the outside. He was smooth
faced and wore his hair pompadour.
Rulofson has been employed at tho
Kullman. Salz & Co.'s tannery for the
past four years as bill clerk. For several
months he had been ln poor health andv
his physician says he was on the verge of
nervous prostration. For several years
he had cared for a blind mother, to whom
ho was very much devoted. On the- night
of his disappearance he promised hla
mother he would return In ten minutes.
She became alarmed shortly afterward
and had friends make search, for him.
which was without result, ,., *
FVet of all, Cain* wants to nationalize
the eteainship service connecting the Iulo
of Man with England, running It without
profit. Then he applies hlmnelf to the
MfiriT Bteajn and treat railroads and
\u25a0wctild furnish the came radical system to
them. Land must \n: treated In a some
what similar manner, the Manx Parlia
ment controllng the drainage, cultivation
und tree planting. The bank*, of course,
are Included in this nationalization
scheme, by which Calm; belleiv-g that
nuch nnanclal Hcandals as occurred on the
Isle of Man last your would he avoided.
Cain* Justifies th«^s« a.pi>ar«ntly unprof
itable national undertakings by pointing
out that tbe primary factor ln Manx pros
perUy Is the tel&nd'a popularity; aj & holt-
LQITOON. Oct. 13.-Hall Caine has con
sented to become a candidate for the
Maax Parliament In behalf of tbe town
of Remtay. Ills opr*on*nt is a local law
yer. C*ln<-> a<]dr(«n ha« created conster
nation even among hl» own supporters,
for he advocates sweeping changes th;jt
might w»ill b^ plaukH Jn a platform of
mome areat reform party.
Police Searching for Three Young
Men Wanted for Assault to
Commit 'Murder. , ' ..
Three pistol shots were heard by Police
man Chappclle Krldny night in the neigh
borhood of Montgomery avenue and i Mi
»on streets. Ho /ascertained that thrto
young mfln' were nasslng when some bo'yn
mado a remark that- angered.- them and
one of them struck; Oliver Poquct of BOO
Oreenwlcli street In the face and another
ilrcd three shots at him. ' The trio then
ran toward the bay.
.Vivora t Malnonl, 8004 Mason street,
pansed the throe' young men as she was
going Into her house from < the corner gro
cery. One said, "Walt till that youn«
lady gets out of the way." Almost Imme
diately afterward she heard the shots. She
hud seen the young men passing her door
almost dally. One Is supposed to work In'
I'ontunas cannery and another hung*
around a saloon at Filbert and Powell
streets. Efforts will- bo made to arrest
them.
1HBZE SHOTS FIRED AT
SEVERAL SHALL BOYS
Futile Search Is Made
for William R
Rulofson.
M. J. Deutsch, secretary of the Buildlnfr
Material Trades Council, declared that
organized labor throughout the city would
aid the machinists. A conTerence of labor
leaders was held durlnjf the day and
plans for further action on the injunction
matter were considered. Counsel for the
strikers will present another plea to
Judge Kohluaat on Monday.
"We shall continue to post our pickets.
The p«'O|iio are with us. if the law, as In
terpreted by Judge Kohlnaat, is not. .We
will continue to use moral suasion In
dealing "with non-union men, and I believe
Judge Kohlsaat will not Interfere with
UB." ' • . .
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.-Desplte the fact
that they were enjoined In the : un.»u
Htates Court here yesterday from picket
ing tho Allln-Chulmers plant and the
Gates Iron Works, pickets representing
the! striking machinists watch<?d these
pbinlH to-day bh usual. When Jli«-, night
pickets, numbering eight, left their sta
tion at C a. m. they were replaced by a
Knuad of twelve. BuslncHS ARcnt Ireland
of tin; Machinists said:
an Order of Federal
Court.
Chicago Strikers Ignore
Noted Author a Candi
date for the Manx
Parliament.
M. Hutln Is said to have impressed sev
oral members of the commission with the
feasibility of tho plan. It is not thougnt
likely, however, that tho commission as a
whole will take the suggestions seriously.
CAUL. BUREAU, H06 Q STREET, N.
AV.,- WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— To Inspect
th^ route "of tho propOHod Isthmian water
way from a balloon or flying machine is
the. plan which. M. Maurice Hutln, presi
dent- of the 'Panama Company, is urging
before, the Isthmian Cu'nal Commission.
Fresh' from Paris' and the atmosphere
of Hying machines, ' ivi.' Hutin i» ti.ttittuU
convinced that' this method is wholly, prac
ticable for a- study-of the. topography of
the Isthmus of, Panama, and that such an
Inspection of the proposed canal route
"would be oi inestimable value. A pano
rama of .photographs mixht be taken,
showing minutely every oUtvutlon and de
pression, every hill, .slope, vain and water
course and the topography of .the entire
route. . , . : ' . -
Kpcclnl Dispatch to The Call.
Panama Company Presi
dent Urges a Novel
Scheme.
Th«s Pioneer V/omen of California held
a delightful reception yesterday' afternoon
at Golden Gate HaJI. Ml«« Martin, presi
dent of the society, delivered a cordial
address of welcome to all the friends of
the Pioneer Women who wero present.
The programme Included the following
number*: Whistling serenade. Herbert J.
liennet; song. Miss Von der Mahden;
piano solo. Miss Paul of East Oakland:
addrees. Dr. C. T. D. Cleveland; recita
tion. Miss Jennie Edge. -
Pioneer Women Entertain.
Chief D. T. Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment received a letter yesterday from the
firm of Hirschfelder & Meany. thanking
him and the department for the service
rendered in extinguishing the flre which
rartlally destroyed their trunk factory at
Florida and Eighteenth streets on Octo
ber 7. In the letter was -Inclosed a check
for the Firemen's Charitable Fund 'for
$100 A similar communication was re
ceived' from J. Richard Freud for service
at the nrc which recently took place at
his residence. " •• '
Fire .Department Is Thanked.
WANTS AIRSHIP
FOR INSPECTION
BENICIA YOUNG
MAN IS MISSING
PICKETS HOLD
TO THE POSTS
CAINE'S PLANS
EXCITE ALARM
M.Hutln and M. Boeufve. representa
tives of the canal company, have not jet
communicated to Rear ~ilmiral Walker,
chclrman of -p Isi n mlan v , Com Vl ls ' 1 P n ; l ,t
dottnlt« proposition for the sale of the
Panama canal concession to the United
ntes. Further conferences will be held
next week. - \u25a0
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 19.— After n
trial lastlnj; mor»» than throe dayB Ed
ward Uenctte, of Chlciigo Typographical
Unicin No. 16. was (In.-<1 J2TiO and eo«ts In
the Lnlttrd Statc-M Court to-day for vlolat
inp the injunttlnn I.«i4ticd by Judge Baker
usalnut th( ; Htrlkor» of the VV. LJ. Conkcy
Company of Hammond. The court de
clined to receive a bond. In frlvlng hi*
ruling, Judge linker Haiti Besette was
tried on the theory that he wax n co
oonnplrator with the; BtrJkers who vlo-,
lated the Injunction. '
Wlth a parting reference to the n«-ces
.L/tofi 1 " P ' rc I or « r ?^ of the "y""" of repre
sentatlon and ridding the lefjal system of
norrf^f, ch r? nl8t 2 ""Serflultlcs, the author
commits himHelf and hl« programme Into
the- hands of the citizens of Kams»y.
day resort, and that it mu*t pro»per or
ftc?, ' a " U meet " the nePds « f the vis-
THE SAN FBAyGISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 20, 1901.
36
Halc'B. | _. .HKtffc; _ \u25a0•._\u25a0 _ : rri ' J ' \ - Hale^av \u25a0\u25a0. _-- : \u25a0'"_\u25a0_']\u25a0[':]' ' : '''- ' : _•''' HsJe'g. \u25a0\u25a0 ' -' : : : '';'\u25a0/\u25a0[ 1 *^**'-'-'- : \u25a0 -. \-'' : [ : --'- : ; • V: -'Hale*!. " ' ',"'\u25a0:'\u25a0 1; ; Hale»0. . L^^_._._. ra
W General' Reduction Sale of Millinery. Ml
taL^^^fe "Who ever heard of such a thing at this time of the season before? And wc are in for it all we PvPfV TrilTlfTIPrf H^lt fc l?P/llirpH *!!>
M^M&P are worth— oot a half-wav, half-hearted offer among 'them. It's a deliberate and emphatic move. At th . . 7 r fu ,f i , t l^ tlUCCU ; tf dMh mM\
Uf/2|^<gg7C7 . • ' o At the last census there were 005 of them, in a beautiful ran« of styles, sufficient to meet every taste, every c3? W&ytm
Ww&vSw W\ • in 11 .4 w • 1. ijr 4 1 i\ purse- \u25a0\u25a0* • r. •\u25a0;•\u25a0'\u25a0 ..•; \u25a0-' ' - . - \u25a0 ; • * - ... - loi
W^A^-' lJ1l*tPi\C All ill Aft IT TrlA I -itttX A #»A IWlOi*l7 F A/1 llAHrti «2.45-H«ts Worth S3 to $3.75. $8.75-Ha'.s Worth S9.75 to S10.50. 1H VWm?
W^ fffl> ' J \u25a0 1 ILrfEN Am I I Al IIIIIV I UK l^llltj /llt^ ill/ll Hrll IfllwVll .J 2 Of , them> 8 , 0me 'f? Bhort bttck 8alIor « ha »» e «. of 'cratch felt: 45 of them; made from a B plendld quality of velvet, trimmed ln . g&fi
Wfe J/f/?l. JlCli * 11WVJ Xmll rmlVII«L HIV JUlilW rllV iTl.it 1 IIVU E/VrfTlli J her » ln * o °* 1 auallty of velveteen; still other* of 'velvet.^ The y r « many mrlklnc and dainty ways: some of them have pretty chenille W\l /
W&MlZ No more forty-niner methods for us. Business used to be too selfish. The store keeper didn't- P^^S V'-MS^- 1^ Sffi^fci 01 «••*?••- "»* a ,, t^ 1 ":?;!; US it « « J 21 m* it 6 ,L
Y*»£g0& «?e to see an\thing but dollars and cents. But we count now upon your good will and satisfac- «3.93-Hot. w o nh$4 60to$3. . . tn h a M^ c %nS d ve^"t ll o a ver rl a m Vhfte SSSna/V^buS IT^m^^i P$W /j$
II >f»t.i>J»Cr Hnn as cm? of Olir hifrp'est a<;<;«*tQ Our aim *vt*rv Hav ic"fn#»arn it anH 1<-e^n it M °* t nem - Tl »«y «*re made in New Tork by \u25a0killful. hish-claaa -,3et ornament, with.- large velvet roaette. form the trimmta*- fi?pl-X!£-,sXr!/f
\ £*£&&&&> uon as one oi our Diggesi assets, uur aim ever} aay is to earn it ana Keep n. . . 'artists, chemiie braid; acme of velvet, faced with urrtta auk. with ; ; « i5_ Hats worth s is and 82 2.50. rfy^P&r&y
ff^V^st ow » in the 1J & ht of these fa cts who won't admit that the present loss in millinery profits - » K. of itltchln «- Mt °« wlth «>""• ot rtbbon or ££$* j a to choose from-her.. jud*e them by the d«cription of tw. ««• $W*f%%L
\\ \J$$3a » i r r , • ... ..... \u25a0-•.,•\u25a0•- c« u .%.,..«». »_ . It's made from pale blue Persian cloth, embroidered with black •?(Aj//, f .* *> "4*&**»
1 won't WOrk OUt for US a far blggfer gain in the end than if We had held priCCS UP as long as VOU «5-Hat» Worth $6 and $7. . - chenille and silver leaves, trimmed with rich black plumes. lon« yffl'ii\Z£'%k'
I ,,. A ,,i J „,- A.- ««f « *f- \U A *'11 U ii'* 3 EJ of them, velvet chenille felt braid hats. All hand made and roeette. shaded pink and blue ribbon. \V^^>^
II WOUld pay them not putting them dOWn till We had tO? = . • carefully put toifKhw. trimmed- with birds, shaded brea«te. fancy $I9-Hats Worth $25 to $28.50. " V«»¥<gO^.,_
\S mtZ5' It mav seem queer to ask you less on just what you want when you are willing to pay more. n r «.W h W .Vi. be found l ™ «««« «»^ d»ped. t«r- \u25a0 J h t- o^ rWl TW» «jp«« »«« £ U^&
S fc But if e do yo»' n f - hi nk more of us for it, won't you? That gain is worth more to us than the . ' •e.M-H.t. worth $7.50 1, $8.50. , uji^ tw- %™» o ™£^ Ve a u P^r bHmu^^hne^ w, 1^ jSMfflgBr
1 • T7 here. They are no pretty, you'd suees they were (10 hats, for • silk chiffon applique. A Ions lustrous plume falls rracefully over AlUUB^
; ' ' '^^HSBh 1O5S in mOneV. • . • the work is the same as you would find on $10 hats. They have the front, fastened with two fine Jet ornaments. The hat has been MMuEsmr
t i^HV Ostrich feather tips, pretty stick pins of spangled Jet. ribbons and greatly admired and customers have wanted It copied ln cheaper U*w3Br * **f
• •\\Hf!j\'i''jSMHl fjf 1 If Tl • 1 i •*^T \u25a0•• it ¥¥ • \u25a0* i « fi IT fit Panne velvet. More style for the money than you usually get at materials. The reason It did not a»ll was the price waa *2S 50; It iWf/^W ' *4WL
|g^ It's All Bright and New and in the Height oi Its Usefulness, B "™ s -RSdy-to- wear Hats Are^Marked Down . Too . W&
>£$*t>%Z?x5 f There's at least iour months' wearing time for all this stuff. Just the time for a fill-in hat. Fine opportunity j t ' s th . ODDortunitv of the season to cat a nrettv <;tr».<»t h-,t * n A ««f ,,r-u f«, ;«\u25a0 w* th;, «U * n 'r ' &&@>k
lfiS& ' a t0 bri shten up the present hat; 5c quills are re; 5 oc feather breasts are 15c. or every kind o{ a frame is 14c; or. bet- comc ° c P 0 P u °, r J u " ! : the most iood oit of it Day • ' ,
W^Ma £ShS ne U 4 C<1 COQUCS ° 0W & bUnCH - BUt thC dCtaUS tdl thC StOFy - Read WC neVef PrintCd $UCh intCrCSt - 6bort Back &fc «,.«». e^fek/^
Cu^ Coqu«^c a Bunch-; 2I bunches, very fancy: Polka Dot BreasU OOc.-, 5 inches lon K . brown, black cuiff ffid JaP^J^M'BSS St * *"" "*" ""' reSiaT^ ;^»
1 color? red, castor, gray, green, blue, black and tur- and white. A beautiful trimming. / $1.5o Scratch felt Hats ot $1.13. Fedora Hats 98c "" ;
JJt T t WPr r -4££* auoi<e \u25a0 ORp W1t»p« for 1**i/^ Rl->rk- white ereen orav vrllnw "Duke of York." A hafwe've had many enllK for. one that Is r~ ' , &&BR&
W\£li*&*i?*t tj,,-^ «/>«,,« o,' >r j 1 , WiagSIOr l-J^c-back. wmte. green. Rraj.yeilOW, very scarce an.l aulte i«p U l»r about town, but that does not mat- Stitched edges, plain felt, srays or castors. . «^ffl Hftj.
rKZArfAs^k? \u25a0 Buncil ot Co< l u « 8 -I'zV— Many good colors, preen, red, purple, tan, blue. Half-price. Think of it! And just ter . the price goes to »i 19. Mode, gray, tan and Mack. e .. F It Fedora ci oo (%\
03^2/^3^ < blue, brown and tan. 180 bunches and no more. when you want them. S2.00 Child'- Hot «'.39. -Normad- stitche-i brims black tan navy or r^d. ' 4 &*^iv\\X
sfl^l^/y^Z^^ -Oo wings for (5c — Large, perfect ones in navy, castor, Black Jet Breasts Tot* — io rnches lone. \u25a0•iieatrice." Fancy tam ' crown affair, trimmed with quiiis. sir* * ' ** s2S^^^4\\ 0
purple. K reen. brown, black and white; one-third 81.BO Amazon Ostrich Pltunes OSc— They're 16 • -c»rf \u25a0»* J^V'Th^nrM'timV ".Si'lhiS^tart W° wn IBl1 Velvet Made Hat. 6»c. . .-. -^^^^a^
r!&E^S^ : —^~* y »u_: __i_ a t -\ t t ... .. ....I ••,«•• i blue. Monday lor me nrsi nme ana wmie tne> last, n *j. \u25a0 Pnlnm trav castor DurDle and black. * - /^^SBMSFj*HhHI
/F^r^^K* their worth. 6c, after Monday. inches lontr. rich and black, a beautnul trimminj?, and Scratch Felt Has 81 5f> ' a
\[/ O O r !?— OO Breasts 25— Gives a beautiful shaded effect. after Monday close to half price. -The Herald." Stitched edge, trimmed • with black and white 6 hort Bock Sailors 98c. ' u*^ "^
L.1^,1.. \u25a0 \u25a0 Gray, castor, white, blue. " > "^ $1.5O Black Padded Breasts 85c— II inches long. »c«rf. very neat, very striking hat. Tan. *rajv black and navy. ; ., Trimmed with rosette and quills, bound with velvet. . .... - •-\u25a0-
j fa r^ j , ,. .,^^. \u25a0.. 'mull iijinun imiiui. ' ni'iuii ii'rjii. 1111 il iujuiiiii. hiiij mi.i. iiiijI hiiji we *ww ga^ '
Th* uppermost topic now. 1ttii;84^mll!l}l!l?il!lWl!ili!l!lilllW* mm^**mK AS WE ABE HOW.
but it takes consummate skill, weeks and weeks of travel and inside iAWT 'fPH ! 1 fi ' I i'lTI 1 ' I I Vrt^'- 1 ii«Ts[llllS/ X '" Qualities worthier . , u .. -. . . -
knowledge to get just what you wan. Any one can fil^ tore like Ss W \ V \v3} Mil A I |B JSJ S\+ i f\ « C W ]3^^M^WW V Vll Women have been quicker than ever to grasp it The boom m flan-
with goods, but k isn't every one that can fil? it wFth people U\ 1 ''\l\YlwK VW lNOtlOnS Tm4^ WTlf / i vi 'nd« » be,n K felt in lmens and sheetings (of whieh we have somethin*
v O 2 r Drew Csptalii is one of the hundred men in the WMternHemlsphw. MX \ \ \X \WsfJ'\ nA ' AM^ W-</ \ \! to say elsewhere).
who fixes the «Uk and dress roods styles. Put ln his hands the reins of a six- OTA \ I j \ \M.llilv> >^^»s\ *° d | B^-73Cl^> \2{ \ II Shaker Flannel 25c. Wrapper Flannels 10c.
-..\u25a0-..^Uffc^Alii wkXJjJ^^M Dressmakers' Findings iK^feVk » a^^e^w^^^i^-
Here are the newest beauties in the silk world: *"* "^ 2^& Ji ™ ™ tT ' *" WaUtlnfi Flannels T5c.
Satin Stripe Roman- Silks. yo^^v^^wiint^oXfn^ Vzjtfjr jro^s^S^Sfta'ss «•— *^^^:"
A beantiful soft stufiF with an air and tone to it few silks have. There's "^?W^| *** fi^r^ m ji St'a^tterVme'thiui'rlcSt'now. Fsll^sew^ 1*^ \u25a0\u25a0 "^ *^^^L^*^) mii?i^^ C c l h 1 eV ! wtde? m The M-inch widths Eiderdown Flannels 16c.
nothing more fashionable for waists. And we have seen no one in town /SSS\ !n f focei ever y woman, and the best and broadest stock of notions we ever had faces us. We're -^\ sre *3c. H-tsM wide, large -rsrietr of petteras,*
showine it vet '•o inches wide «r 1? a vard LEI3&A Kolnsr to give you every help we can to make your work easier and cheaper. In doing so we'll mako lyKA, 33c Flannel 28c heavy quaiitj; quit« tn« thing for morn-
Our greatest Pride just now centers in [ffiRsi vou tWnk more of us 80 you e.n see • \u25a0 .QgL "tfSft* SSi. wUT°° U ""
. Aoned Me-tt in Bobub Stripe 8Ukt-l«k. for .11 ihe wond like th, i^S This Is an Important Notion Occasion. .. • %&% q u.m y . « .nche. wide. ,,
gilstenlns; fro?t flops under tho early rr.ornir.g sun. The badeground la ?et \Va%3tfl . We A^'t depend near so much on the low prices (though they are «o low no one enn plb« MsZZ^ Rl APK
«- by the dalnt'.en color creation? you ever saw. The beauty Isn't all on \«K^y/ thp ni by), but more upon having what every one wants-having a reliable ouallty and serviiiK UL^m, vunun
The outride either. The cloth ItKelf Is made from the finest of Italian ?llk- W^^ every one promptly and Intelligently. g^l \u25a0'•|_ A C? t-*— .— Z — D 2 1*. I*. «« O *\u25a0*
u.. o.r«j*i «.«.«=, ~. p«. «. t »toch«-.d^« s .,. rt shwd.sc.p.1,. ChHd . sMoM SBPPOPtere D«,^«. v . ;? . .^..e«- Liberty chirring Kiooon Jc
Another lot of Venetian Cloth, $1 0k 1 ' ffW w .&d* m nJz*******-****
:&dt^™-— «a ,.T r s =7 k - Sr^E^liS M ™ X *B mlallers Especially TaheXotice
usual about the cloth. 4S inches wide A W Aluminum Hairpins, Be, T4c «\u25a0\u25a0 • nst up* and ties necureiy: colon.. Ma JJ1 eSSTliaiierb, SbbpeUlW'i/y, J.UtlVV *I1 UMtsO.
Satin Prunella. M.25-It is one of the very dressy fabrics for etreet T lA l?*«£$Z ° th ' r ' p! " n Hrn-h' 'HrnU.' Tc-F.n. ..ik mo- 1 "^ T,! 0 ..""'! &S^i i M'inch wide, comes in 100-yard pieces, which we are able to price at
ai'V^t , \u25a0 r -" n<!W Fha<1 " s ° lnchPS wld " A^\ Perfection Hairpin*. To box h * lr - "•"•">• «oM »t l&c. all col- yard* to th* pier*, color. $2 85 a piece, or bv the yard 3c. - -
All-wool Cheyiots oOe a yard-One of the very popular itutfi and one Ji /few — Straight, waved or Invisible, m-l 1 ?- \u25a0. « .> m, t Hook* and Kyei, l«c— The rSc^T v w/*ill aUn nut on sale this week
SK^orSSL 5^-" 1 ln: J!nche ' k* and th '^ ?B not a sood col " r M®) 2Hc: "^^s^rf^W Jti ttJ&$** wuch ' «5§ H^ Fancy m te BiblSn Sot a YarJlln four new and very, pretty pat- .
65C and 75C Woo! Suiting 456 a Yard l\W ESC WftVed ° r « nl < hi * |&«J S5ft 7" * SS !S^«S^gffl ?a C .7 § V 3/, inches wide. Only a few hundred yards of thexn but with
e IV. the staffer of the weT k Z "X , muef mTSTt .men. U G^ SiwS^SA * i£a£HSS -n d E ,c. | NO 55^ £§ SlSVBO^ 15 ""^ '
<lref«5' Iff the v»ry material so much In voru* now for walsrf W\ nnutu-n. a»c-Marl" Antoinette th .« r>lccf "' ln v ' ry hini1 '™' •>«' -to-Best brass wire, with Invl.-ibl- lMJ>^« NO CHARGE FOB MAKNO BOWS.
There are some 40 odd pieces. «et off In all th* fancy way* ln strinen «r»i *5- - !»^'' weighs only one ounce «l»ni. • safety spring. ~2v '"
flpres and dots and dashes. The line of eolorinVi i InllJdA old 2 new Other Do.Ure 6 at 25c-Woven D *'"'™' 8c » »«• En-mel Honk., nd Eye., Oc \u25a0 _ . •
-o, \u25a0„«„«\u25a0 \u25a0 MrtMtto>ra ,^ MMt . • 'Sm^^h,.^,, Ho . e zispsz I „,.. i.^?Ki «p .^ i|| Jfe Men's Fleeced Underwear 50c
Aprons of Every Kind, k© o B^"4^ o :f^;?H«4HSF-S •iffeP"-!^ M tpSS^i^i^^ii '
BeSt Values We KnOW Of *" »'"•\u25a0"«\u25a0\u25a0 rSS^»^TSa&«125 '«'5S&. 1 S.'~CS: ! JUS- t^iT ' Quite in. e r.stin K just now »re th«« .^
w«v«in*,a O ronbu'"f SO nrbfgsc a " m^whwVr. hi ftW "« '" ?Xt KS"i T -" *" — -.WTltiSrrfS j ".%..»- Men's Wool Mixed Halt Hose 12#c.
to n^ !U ch .nail 3£ E: cr °" .ylc^^'io, Ivc"- S oTu"," 1 "' §X "K S^H-w^ „ .!K fi??.,?S; ,H;»; "7";,, ""j S '" «—. gray, good solid wriRh,. no, clumsy, but comfo,Ubk . =%.
18c Gineham ADrons-Kitchen use. of pood Lancaster <0 Inches /Clt% heods 6 and 6 inches U»n«. the steevei from sollln*. '2. •IuVi- V P Thread. WlHHr , \u25a0
other Trlth a <-lnch embroidery ruflie on the bottom. 23c each or J 2 75 a V^ GaPtCP LlaKtlc Sc. Whalebone C«.lnK,2c-0om« the piece." In various «le,i C M and /f THE MOST INTERESTING PRICES WB KNOW OP. \u25a0 • , .\u25a0
j |rgE^n£3^:i&-jirwin^£ « S.»,s«^^i: i^S|i||^| jgS^^I^ M
SJr&nTaSS "* " houMl!r """\u25a0 ""^ Irt " 1 ntrriw '»"«• »c tf^l \u25a0'"' El """'. "*-f»* «n "I- c.rK™, dmi«. iK,-c», m i2,«th* • 3c «\u25a0•"-*» "xTq the kodak business.
r^/Erj&r *imr » -j, VI- 3 Don| N cotton »c. "A™$\^&«£ *^ roym "^tfhx&^z- jsrsxg? drm? i_« ~ —^: -*~~
jSKsfr >^^ -*^^fcv -'aiKei OI., \\ blac^ whlte^ brown, tun. red, ibrea ,, S o a | 1 | ' 1 r j on I J^ Icl J^ 0 { 1 |^ ncll _ An e% »»«« Mupporlrrn. lUc, 15c. iifeS^' Market St., f>^ /MI^MJ . Mf wg. fh
W^oi^~ — -r-^^^ ° r p p; G " :d^ n Wk ..^•'S'?3ilLr,«: •T^°i£'tz«.". l0 .n.,,.. 4§Sir^"s« @J 5 e . a Go 6 iden Jf^!^5_l^?^^
-«^4f OQ/> «/>/t^^^ . Ga tc Ave. HJ <2"C', asr - n „, , h ,., -rfc- 1 — ' .iriX?^! IS Oate Ave. Ml -^Gon* r.<utpS^S • ,