WELLS-FARGO MESSENGER WHO ONCE REPULSED EVANS AND.SONTAG'S GANG OF OUTLAWS AND WHO
; HASWON NEW LAURELS BY PREVENTING WITH HIS. SHOTGUN THE ROBBERY OF AN EXPRESS CAR
.,/ ON THE SOUTHERN- PACIFIC'S OREGON LINE.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
I should -judge. These revolvers were
strapped -to his wrist. .
/.\u25a0 "The robber gave' me a cigar, command
ing me to light it and keep on puffing, as
he, desired to use me in touching off the
dynamite!" I ,took the cigar, but threw
it away, substituting one of my own. I
proceeded, farther. At the next command
to stop I 'was compelled to uncouple the
engine,, run it up. the track and then re
turn with" the robber to the detached
train." . ', : " . . "- , • • .
"The robber wore' a long \u25a0 mask - that
completely covered his face and extended
story of the Eugene train robbery. He
said:
"I first heard the command to throw
up hands.: to the fireman, and as he did
not. at first comply. I, urged him to give
in, at. the same time throwing up my
own- hands, 1 as I saw the weapon in^ .the
/ 7~UGENE, Or., Oct. 23.— Officers zvho have been searching for the train robbers to-day havebcen
/~L unable to obtain any trace of the men. Their tracks skozved that they started tozuard Eugene
. after leaving the engine and some are of the opinion they zverc in this city to-day, but there is
absolutely nv clew to their identity. Because of the- darkness, neither the engineer nor the express
messenger obtained a good viczvof the features of the outlazvs. It is- probable an attempt will be
made to put bloodhounds upon the trail of the robbers. A number of railzvay \u25a0 and express company
detectives are hastening io this city to take, up the search: \u25a0 / / .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAY PUT BLOODHOUNDS ON THE TRAIL
well down to his chest. He wore a sort
of white apron, in the pockets of which
he "carried 'sticks of dynamite.. A "Win
chester rifle . was strapped to his back,
while in each hand he carried a large
black-barreled revolver, about 45-caliber,
hands of the robber leveled at me.- I
was commanded to turn the engine loose
and not to stop' until. I was told." We. ran
out some distance from Walker, when I
was directed to slow up and the fireman
was ordered. to leave the engine. 'We then
lighted it as directed and kept on puff
ing.
"Upon reaching the express car the
robber commanded the messenger to
open. No response came to his demand.
I was then given a charge of dynamlle
and directed to light it and Mow
in the door. I did aa directed.
The robber kept at my elbows,
covering me with the ' gun all the
time. I was compelled to shoot off the
dynamite, and, as this had no effect upon
the messenger, the robber v forced me to
crawl into the car through one of the
holes blown into the door. As I did so
I shouted to the express messenger not
to shoot, as I was between him and the
robber and the shot would hit me. I had
no sooner entered the car than I was
directed by the express messenger to get
out. A shot accompanied the command.
I did as directed, and .then told the rob
ber there was no use to try further, as
the express messenger was heavily armed
and ; well able to resist a forcible entry
of his "car. At the same time I called his
attention to the fact that the freight was
soon due and that he had" better get
through.
"With an oath the robber abandoned
Tells* of the Part He Involuntarily
Took in the Attack Upon the
Express Car. .
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23.-Engineer
Burt Lucas to-day told an interesting
ENGINEER IS FO3CED
TO AID THE ROBBEBS
Bandits Are Driven Back After Compelling the Engineer to Wreck
the Side of the Gar With Explosives, and Have to Satisfy
Themselves With -the Contents of Several Mail Pouches
started toward the .Willamette River, in
a northerly direction.
The passengers were not molested.
C. F. Charles, who exhibited phe
nomenal courage while his car was be
ing dynamited, is a native of San Fran
cisco, .where . he was . born thirty-six
years ago. He has been in the express
messenger service sixteen years, most
of the time running south from San
Francisco. * He has been on his present
run two years.
Shotgun in a Brave
Man's Hands Saves
Wells-Fargo's Gold
Finally, the robbers turned their at
tention to getting away with what little
they could from the mail car. They ob
tained the registered mail, and one of
them, taking the engineer, boarded the
engine, which they cut loose from the
train and ran to within half a mile of
Eugene, where he left the engine . and
USE ENGINEER AS SHIELD.
They next attempted to enter the car
by compelling the engineer, who was in
the hands of the robbers, to crawl in
through the door, the robbers hoping
to gain admittance by using him as a
protection. But Charles used his shot
gun to good advantage and kept up a
good fire directly over the engineer's
head, knowing well that the robbers
would attempt to follow him into the
car. x
EXPRESS MESSENGEK'S DARING
Express Messenger C. F. Charles was
in the car and had made up his mind
to stay there. The robbers ordered the
messenger out, but he determinedly re
fused to obey, and held a position where
he could easily bring down any. person
who should attempt to enter through
the opening in the side made by the
dynamite.
"Come out of there or we will blow
you and the car all to ," com
manded the robbers.
The messenger said nothing. Then
the desperadoes compelled the engineer
to throw into the car a stick of dyna
mite with a lighted fuse. The messen
ger grabbed it, put out the fire in the
fuse and threw out the stick.
men fifteen miles south of Eu
gene at 3 o'clock this morning. The
robbers blew open the express car with
d3-namite, but obtained no booty, hav
ing been driven off by the express mes
senger. All they got was one regis
tered mail pouch. ' -
Two men boarded the train at Cot
tage Grove and a short distance this
side, near Saginaw, put off the fireman
and his helper, uncoupled the express
car and made the engineer pull ahead a
short distance. Their first act was to
blow open the door of the express car,
which they did with dynamite, tearing
the door to pieces and badly damaging
the car.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23— The
northbound overland express
train on the Southern • Pacific
was held up by two masked
Two Outlaws Board
the Oregon Express
on Southern Pacific
In engagement at Santo Tomas, Luzon,
August 27— Tristram B. Bethoi, private,
Ccrnpany B, Twentieth Infantry, left leg,
moderate; James R. .Murray, private.
Company B, Twentieth 'Infantry, left
arm, sliffht.
In engagement at Sulat, Samar, August
In engagement at Rio Katubig, Samar,
July 19— Judson McGrew, private Com
pany B. First Infantry, right thigh, se
v ere.
Adjutant General Ccrbin has received
the following mall report from General
Chaffee, giving a list of the casualties m
the Philippines reported to him since his
U.st communication, dated September 3.
"When I left Manila there were 45,000
troops in the archipelago, and this force
is amply sufficient. Luckban has innum
erable men, but certainly less than 500
rifles. The insurgents have .very little
ammunition, end this has been the great
element of their miltary weakness. They
had a comparatively good supply of am
munition at tha beginning of the insur
rection, but they have not been able to
replenish It."
Secretary Root will order several regi
ments to the Philippines to take the
places of those who will be brought homo
cn account of the expiration of the terms
of enlistment of many of the men. He
sees no necessity, however, for giving
General Chaffee a larger force than now
comprises that officer's command'.
Rear Admir.il Rodgers has cabled the
Navy Department his arrival on his flag
ship, the New York, at Catbologan, Sa
mar, with marines to co-operate with the
army in suppressing the insurrection.
Casualties in Philippines.
"One of the rifks in such warfare Is that
occasionally a detachment will be cut off.
as recently occurred in that Island. While
the affair at Balangiga is deplorable in
the extreme. It is isolated in character
and has no bearing on the main situation,
which will go on to final solution as It
"hus in Luzon. Pa nay and other islands."
General MacArthur was asked if the
Eiiccesses of the insurgents in Samar
•would have any effect upon the Filipinos
elsewhere in the archipelago.
"Only In a trifling way." he responded.
"3f course, success encourages the party
\u25a0which attains it, but in this instance the
success Is so slight that It has very little
c:Tect, not sufficient in any event to bring
ebout a general recurrence of the insur
rectlons. The Amercian force in Samar
has been considerably increased lately,
and that insures a quicker result. If
necessary, reinforcements can be sent
from Luzon -without affecting the situa
tion in the latter island.
Insurgents Lack Ammunition.
""When the distribution of troops is com
pleted Luckban. the insurgent leader,
\u25a0win then be excluded from all resources.
H« will have to seek refuge In the moun
tains and as a consequence soon there
after he will be obliged to surrender.
Trls process will be slow on account of
ih.» character of the country. It necessa
rily means the separation of the army
ln - :o many small detachments.
Excluded From Resources.
General Miles said to-day that while the
situation was serious, in his opinion It
could be met with the forces now at Gen
ersl Chailee's disposal-
G-ener&l MacArthur, who Is especially
familiar with the situation throughout
the archipelago, made this statement to
The Call correspondent this afternoon:
"I have no information concerning the
situation in Samar as it exists to-day be
j-ond what I have gleaned from the news
papers. From that I do not think serious
conditions prevail. In Samar it is simply
the expiring efforts of the insurrection.
During active operations xn XJuzon it was
not possible to send a large force into
Eamar, and therefore the island was not
ful'!y occupied until very recently. The
plan of campaign pursued so successfully
in Luzon is now to be carried out in Sa
xaar. Every town and every barrio that
can possibly be used as a base of supplies
fcy the insurgents will be occupied by
American troops.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., "WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— Secretary
Hoot returned to his desk In the "War De
partment this morning, and his first im
portant official decision was not to In
crease General Chaffee's command beyond
its present strength of 42,000 men. This
decision Is in accordance with the views
cf Lieutenant General Miles. Adjutant
General Corbin and Major General Ar
thur MacArthur, until recently Governor
General of the Philippines.
Eiwclal Dispatch to The Call.
&esent Successes of Boloraen on Samar
Island Will Not Long Delay tha
Putting Down of the Entire
Insurrection.
222:press the Opinion That
Chaffee Has Sufficient
Force of Troops.
Miles and MacArthur
Talk of Warfare in
the Philippines.
GENERALS SAY
SITUATION IS
NOT SERIOUS
ASSAILED WITH BULLETS AND DYNAMITE
EXPRESS MESSENGER REPULSES ROBBERS
ACQUIRES
RIGHTS FOR
THIS CITY
Filings on the Tuolumne
River Are Made by
the Mayor.
"Watershed -Above Snow Line
Now in Control of San
Francisco.
Asked at Once to Place a Valua
tion "Upon Its Prop
erty. ,, ; ; i
The Spring Valley Company Will Be
The preliminary steps In the acquisition
of a municipal water system were taken
last week when Mayor Phelan, In behalf
of the city of San Francisco, filed upon
the water rights and storage reservoirs at
the source of the Tuolumne River. This
Information was contained In the volum
inous report on the investigation of water
supplies made by City Engineer Grunsky
and his assistants and submitted to tha
Mayor on Tuesday. / ,
The report also states that the filings
havebene placed of record In the United
States Land Office. Accompanying the re
port is a recommendation by the City En
gineer that the Tuolumne River supply be
acquired by the city. Under the charter
the Spring Valley Water Company will be
asked next Monday by the Board of Su
pervisors to state a price at which it will
sell to the city. The two propositions will
then be submitted to the people at a spe
cial election to determine a choice. The
recommendation reads:
On the basis of th« facts herein set forth,
and the comparisons made between near-by
sources of supply and the rivers of the Sierra
Nevada Mountains, it has seemed desirable to
recommend that th« tmraediate further exam
inations be confined to a single Sierra Nevada
stream and to the- maturing of a single in
dependent project.
The Tuolumne River project presents tha
most attractive features. It has therefore been
recommended that a complete general plan of
works for the utilization of water from this
river be made with a cost estimate based on
less reconnolssance work and more definite se
lections of location canals, pipe lines and
structures than have been available in making;
the financial forecast herelnabove presented.
Recommends Tuolumne Supply.
In a communication accompanying the
report the Board of Public "Works says:
The investigation of the water supply for this
city has embraced every available source. From
this Investigation there has been selected one
which does not interfere with vested rights In
any way. and which Is capable of developing
an independent water supply of 150,000,000 gal
lons of water per day, or. of being used In
conjunction with existing supplies to reinforce
.the same. This supply is gathered upon aa
area well above the snow line, uninhabited
at present, and by nature unfitted for human
habitation. It is. therefore, not only initially
I pure, but will remain pure for all time.
It was necessary to move in its acquisition
with extreme caution, as interested parties ar»
willing to seize upon any public utility and
cause the city to pay enormously therefor. To
forestall thl3 action, the Mayor of this city
has filed upon the water rights and storage res
ervoirs for and in behalf of this city, in th»
basin of the Tuolumne River, and these filings
have been placed of record in the proper United
States Land Office. In connection with this
supply, an abundance of electric power can be
developed and transmitted to the city for what
ever purpose the city may require power.
The necessary preliminary steps have been
taken in the acquisition of these rights ex
clusively for the city. If they are utilized
In the spirit with which they have been thus
acquired, this city will stand jpre-eminent
among all cities in the world aa having tha
purest and most abundant water supply.
Mayor Begisters Filings.
In a communication to the Registrar of
the Stockton Land Office City Engineer
Grunsky submits for filing the folio wins
data on the subject:
1. An application by Jamea D. Fhelan for a
right of way for a reservoir on Tuolumn* River
In Tuolumne County, Cal., in township 1 north,
range 20 cast, and township 1 north, range 21
east. Mount Diablo bas« and meridian, consist-
Ing of the following maps and papers in dupli
cate: Field notes of a survey of reservoir on
Tuolumne River, Tuolumne County, CaL;
discharge estimates of Tuolumne River
at proposed dam site; affidavit of appli
cant; map of reservoir site on Tuolumne River.
2. An application by James D. Fhelan for a
right of way for a reservoir at Lake Eleanor.
Tuolumne County, Cal.. in township 1 north,
range 13 east, and township 2 north, range 19
east. Mount Diablo base and meridian, con
sisting of the following maps and papers in
duplicate: Field notes of a survey of Lak»
Eleanor reservoir site, Tuolumne County, Cal.;
discharge estimates of Eleanor Creek at pro
posed dam site; affidavit of applicant; map of
Lake Eleanor reservoir site.
I hand you also for transmission with the
above papers, a certificate from the Secretary
of State, certifying that the laws of the State
of California governing corporation water
rights and irrigation have been filed in the of
fice of the Department of the Interior, together
with the notice of appropriation of water by
James r>. Phelan from Tuolumne River posted
on the 23th day of July. 1901. and recorded in
the records of Tuolumne County; also the no
tice of appropriation of water by James D.
Phelan posted on Eleanor Creek below Lake
Eleanor on the 29th day of July. 1901. and re
corded in the records of Tuolumne County.
The report of the City Engineer desig
nates the proposals made to the Board of
Continued on Page Two.
VOLUME XC- NO. 146.
PRICE FrVE CENT&
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24/ 1901.
The San Francisco Call.Hugel had been stepping back slowly
and finally backed through the folding
doors that opened into a restaurant ad
joining. Once in the restaurant Hugel
shouted for help. The thief was fright
ened away, and no one pursued him.
Because of the alarm given by Hugel
the. highwayman failed to take with him
two sacks of coin and a cigar box in
which was a fat purse of gold.
KESWICK, Oct. 23.— A lone robber raid
ed John Miller's saloon at 1 o'clock this
morning and got only $11 for his trouble,
when, it was possible for him to have
stolen half aa many hundreds. It was the
coolness and thoughtfulness of the bar
keeper, Eugene Hugel, that frustrated
the robber. Only three patrons were ln
the saloon when the highwayman, with
his face masked by a handkerchief, ap
peared at the front door and told them
to hold up their hands. A cocked revolver
emphasized the command and brought
prompt compliance. Barkeper Hugel
was in the center of the room." He was
told to step back and keep his hands off.
The robber went behind the bar and made
a clean-uj) of the cash register, which
contained but $11 in silver. He then be
gan a search under the bar for sacks of
coin belonging to the gambling games
that had closed an hour before. ' ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Man in Charge Backs Out of
Side Door and Gives
the Alarm.
Robber Makes a Light
Haul in a Keswick
Saloon.
ACQUIRES RIGHTS- FOR CITY.
This Is not the first occasion on which
C. F. Charles, the courageous express
messenger, has proved that he Is wortny
of the trust which the Wells-Fargo Com
pany has reposed in him. Nine years ago
near Ceres, in Stanislaus County, Charles
bravely fought a gang of train robbers
who were attempting to rob the baggage
car of which he was in charge. "With \V ai
lace Reed, another Wells-Fargo messen
ger, he withstood the attack of the rob
bers, who were believed to have been the
Evans and Sontag gang, as those des
perate outlaws were at that time terror
izing that portion of the State. For his
valiant defense of the property intrustec
to his care Wells-Fargo Company pre
sented him with a handsome gold watch.
When the Grant Wheeler band pf out
laws was Infesting Arizona and PlunafJ;
ing the citizens of that State, Charles
was. sent by the Wells-Fargo Company
as a shotgun messenger to protect me
company's property. . o „ ,,.
The express messenger who has so sis
nally distinguished himself for his hero
ism is a young man, not more than w
years of age. He is not acquainted witn
the meaning of the word "fear, and he
has frequently told his friends, in rnodest
depreciation of his own bravery, that It
does not cost him any effort to fight train
robbers. He is genial, yet modest and re
tiring in his disposition. - .
Immediately after the receipt here of
the news of the robbery General Manager
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany telegraphed instructions to the north,
to run down the robbers at any cost.
Mr. Kruttschnitt also made a formal
announcement that a reward of $250 would
be paid for the arrest of each of the rob
bers. The company is determined to use
every possible means to bring the men to
justice, and, with that end in view, it has
engaged all the detective agencies ln the
north, including those of the Pinkertons,
to join in the man-hunt. Detectives have
already joined with the posses sent to the
scene of the robbery from Eugene and
Roseburg, Or.
COOL BARKEEPER
SAVES THE GOLD
FAMED FOB, PREVIOUS
FIGHTS WITH OTJTI-'AWS
fired the -shot and I was not molested
further." .- \u25a0:.:.—..":
Continued From Page One.
ASSAILEO WITH BULLETS,
DISTINGUISHED MEN "WHO DE
LIVERED ADDRESSES AT YALE
BICENTENARY CELEBRATION.
7^2? "7 P' . Devo] . Private. Company D
S" 1 . left forearm, aught-'
Besieged Garrison Believed.
t,^ A /V ILA ' P ct - 23--*°thinK has been
heard from the island of Samar for threa
SSS: °X ins t° the typhoon having biow^
down the telegraph lines, excepting one
S£le message and mail advices? Admiral
Rccgers has received a report by lun-
£ ca t. He. has notified the troops at the
ports to be on their guard, owimr to th^
?h e * ri vf T ,5? d^ l T acr * of the wrn^any 1 of
the Ninth Regiment at Balanglea At
rafedT vlclnlt y of the barracks were
loS£ ei Si«n5 ll % ° c n hls arriv *l at Catbo
logan, island of Samar, cent reinforce.
m «'^ t to Waylar. They found the garri^
£ t X Pt 1 Dlace - numbering fifteen men
b«Ie E ed by over a hundred bolomen. '
*££? %%*&
fh«? ?££ *««*>« disasters. He conSderi
Balangiga. which was unfortunate for
° n «h« Parts of the archipelago. The
0^ 61 "- WleVei thlS on *
The cortege passed through the streets
decorated with blue bunting and under
arches. of the same color relieved by fes
tcons of evergreen. The entrance to the
university campus was through Phelps
gateway, with its orange-hued decora
tions and. special inscriptions of welcome
to the President. The President was con
ducted to Battell Chapel and after a brief
rest there was escorted to his place in
the academic procession of learned doc
tors, masters of arts, distinguished guests
of the university and graduates. 'Thero
were thousands ln the line, all dressed in
academic gowns, many of which wero
faced with colors indicative of their wear
ers' degrees. \u25a0 y
President Roosevelt and President Had
ley entered the theater at 10:30 a. m. The
President of the United States was led by
the university's president to the seat of
honor directly behind the orator's desk.
President Hadley took his seat beside
him. On this platform were Joseph H.
Choate, John Hay, Richard Olney, Chief
Justice Melville W. Fuller and Justice,
Brewer of- the United States \u25a0 Supreme
Court; Presidents Eliot of Harvard, Pat
ton of Princeton, Faunce of Brown. Har
per of Chicago, Harrison of Pennsylvania
and other college presidents, besides liter
ary men and churchmen of . distinction.
Admiral Sampson, in ill
health, did not enter the procession. He
made his way to his place through a side
door and leaning. on the arm of Professor
W.'W. Farnam was' shown to his seat.
The set programme was carried out
with precision. After the overture the
commemorative poem composed - by Ed
mund Clarence Stedman was read. Next
was rendered the Greek festival hymn,
written by Professor Thomas D. Goodcll
of Yale and sung to music written by Pro
fessor Parker, the conductor. A student
chorus accompanied the soloists. Dr. Carl
Duffy, barytone, and Wallace Moyle, tea-
Professors Greet Roosevelt.
dress by David J. Brewer, Associate Jus
tice of the United States- Supreme' Court,
and finally the closing with the hoods of
honorary degrees of great men, a list of
whem affords a roster of monumental
farre^ — these constituted the day's exer
cises. With \u25a0 the dedication- of another
hall and a farewell reception by the presi
dent of the university, the bicentennial
of Yale closes.
President Roosevelt and party arrived
at 9:30 o'clock. At Parmington a consid
erable company had gathered to bid him
gocd-by. There were many people at the
stations along the way and cheering was
heard as the President's train rushed
through. In addition to the regular party
the President was accompanied on the
trip by Governor McLean, Commander
and Mrs. Cowles, Miss Alice Roosevelt,
his daughter; Miss Helen Roosevelt, his
niece, and Mrs. W. Bayard Cutting of
New York.
The crowd at the station here was a
big one and demonstrative ln its welcome
to the President. President Hadley of
Yale and Mayor John P. Studley were on
hand to receive the distinguished guest,
and after an exchange of greetings briefly
the ride toward the university campus
was begun by way of State and Chapel
streets. The escort Included a representa
tion of the naval and military forces of
the State. In the carriage with President
Roosevelt were the President of Yale, the
Governor of Connecticut and the Mayor
of- New Haven. The next carriage con
tained Colonel Theodore A. Blngham. U.
8. A., and Secretary Cortelyou, and In a
third carriage rode Commander Cowles
and party.
John Harvard Biles, - professor . of . naval ar
chitecture in Glasgow University; John Shaw
EllllDgs, director of : the New York Public r 1A
brary; Charles William Dabley, president' of
the University of Tennessee; David "White Fin
lay, professor of the practice \ of medicine in
Aberdeen University;' Hollia Burke Frissell
principal of Hampton Institute; Jacques Had
amard, adjunct professor In the faculty- of
science at. the University ; of Paris;. Samuel
Plcrpont Lang-ley, secretary of the Smithsonian
"President Hadley, I have never yet
worked at a task worth doing, that I did
not find myself working shoulder to shoul
der with some son of Yale. I have never
yet been ln a struggle for righteousness
and decency that there were not men of
Yale to aid me and give me strength and
courage. As we walked hither this morn
ing we passed by -a gateway which wan
raised to the memory of a young Yale lad
who was hurt to > death beside me as he
and a great many others like us marched
against the gunfire of; the heights, and
with those memories quick in my mind I
thank you from my , heart for the honor
you have done me and I thank you dou
bly,-for you planned to do me that honor
while I was yet 'a private citizen"
The hymn, , "America," was then sung
and the audience dispersed. Following is
a list or the honorary degrees conferred
in the order ln which. the candidates were
presented: ... . . .
DOCTORS OF LAWS
In an Instant the great audir .« was
standing. The President of th«. United
States also arose and the theater rang
with cheers. The air was filled with wav
ing handkerchiefs and programmes. Re
marking that Yale had chosen for the de
gree this candidate before he became Pres
ident Hadley announced that all Yale men
were now doubly honored by greeting tho
man and the President as a son of Tale.
Specially addressing President Roosevelt.
President Hadley spoke as follows:
"Theodore Roosevelt, while you were
yet a private citizen we offered you most
worthily the degree of LL. D.. Since in
his providence it has pleased God to give
Theodore Roosevelt another title, we give
him on that account a double portion of
welcome. He is a Harvard man by nur
ture, but we are proud to think that ln his
democratic spirit, his broad national sym
pathies and above all his clearness and
purity and truth, he will be glad to be an
adopted son of Yale." . , •
President Roosevelt advanced, bowed
profoundly and tried to speak. Again the
audience cheered and it was fully a min
ute before he was allowed to proceed. He
.said:
or. David Joslah Brewer, LL. D., Justice
of the United States Supreme Court, de
livered the commemorative address. Jus
tice Brewer was given a tremendous ova
tion. Early in his address Justice Brewer
elicited hearty applause when he referred
to Yale aa a place "where men are taught
to recognize a Washington, whether. his
name is George or Booker."
The presentation of candidates for hon
orary degrees followed the commemora
tive address and the function occupied
about one hour. President Hadley was
extraordinarily felicitous in the delicate
compliments he conveyed to the distin
guished candidates. Secretary John Hay,
Joseph H. Choate, Chief Justice Fuller,
Archbishop Ireland, Mark Twain,. Seth
Low and Rear Admiral Sampson received
tremendous ovations. The foreigners who
were honored with degrees were received
with great enthusiasm. ;;. '
When the long list had been finished
President Hadley advanced a step or two
and with great Impresslveness said:
. "There yet remains one name."
Cheers for the President
Continued From Page One.
GENERALS SAY,
The reception was held ln the great din
ing hall, or commons, owned by the Uni
versity . Corporation. The building Is one
of the new bicentennial structures. Presi
dent Roosevelt and Dr. and Mrs. • Hadley
stood upon a small raised platform mid
way to one side of the hall. Commander
and Mrs.' Cowles and . Private Secretary
Cortelyou stood to the rear of the receiv
ing party. Close at hand were secret Berv
lce officers, ushers and policeman and
those in charge of the ceremonies. The
purpose was to admit only those. wearing
badges. These numbered several thou
sand and; a great number of the general
uninvited public managed also to gain en
trance. • -\u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Particularly noticeable was the extreme
caution not only of the officers but of
those having the affair. ln charge for the
adequate protection of the 1 President.
The most unique and original feature of
the reception was the fact. that there was
no handshaking. The suggestion to elim
inate this old-time custom originated with
President and Mrs. Hadley and was read
ily adopted by the President, after con
sultation with Secretary Cortelyou.
Light refreshments .were served at the
side hall opposite the official party.
• It is estimated that*500 persons attended
the reception. At Its conclusion the Presi
dent returned , 'to the Farnum residence
where dinner was served at 7:30. Amoni*
the guests -were: President Roosevelt
Professor Hadley, Secretary of State Hay
Joseph H. Choate, *Embassador to Eng
land; Andrew D. White, Embassador to
Germany; Archbishop Ireland,' Biahou
Knuta Hennig Geselius von Scheele of
Sweden, President Eliot of Harvard Pres
ident Gilman of Johns Hopkins, President
Low of Columbia,: President Patton of
Princeton. ' ' .
"The first intimation I had of anything
wrong," said C. F. Charles, the expre33
messenger, "was when the train began
to slow up near "Walker station. It was
a quarter to 3, as near as I remember.
Shortly after the train .came to a stand
still I was ordered to open the door. I
refused to move. I was threatened with
all sorts of things. 'Open up this car or
we will blow you to ,' commanded one
ol the robbers. I made no response and
was given a salute with dynamite. The
first charge blew open one of the doors
and knocked me down.., My overalls were
blown into shreds and my legs scratched
somewhat, but otherwise I was unhurt.
Further commands to open, and threats
followed, but without avail. I made no
i eply, knowing that the object of the
robbers was to locate me in the car and
then try : to put me . out of the way,
either with dynamite or bullets. •• \u25a0\u25a0 I
changed my station to the other end of
the car.
"A second shot blew open the door at
tho other end of the car. The third shot
failed to go off, as I had removed .toy
shoes and quietly walked over to the
dynamite and detached the fuse. Two
more shots exploded, each of- them blow-
Ing a hole into the floor of the car. All
told, four sticks of dynamite went oft ln
the car, two failed to explode, and one I
prevented exploding by removing -. the
luse. .
"All efforts to compel me to open up or
leave the car falling, the engineer was
sent in through the opening blown in the
side. I ordered him to get out and fired
a shot over his head- with a shotgun.
The entire ceremony lasted about forty
minutes. The ' engineer retired after I
ent, a rumor of bis coming had spread
among the crowd and a aquad of police
men had some difficulty ln restraining
them at the entrance.
Roosevelt Assists Entertainers.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23.— The South
•ern Pacific train which was held up near
Eugene this morning, arrived here this
afternoon at 1 o'clock. The express car
is badly shattered, but it was brought in
with the train-. . \u25a0
HEROIC MESSENGER
DESCRIBES COMBAT
\ACAVILLE. Oct. 23,-At an entertain
ment here to-night in aid of St. Mary's
Church, Father P. C. Yorke of San Fran
cisco spoke on "The Rights of Labor"
The stand of Pope Leo XIII regarding the
labor question was discussed, the speaker
showing that the head of the Catholic
Ch #o t C £ t0^ k f5 eat /? terest to the subject
Father Yorke said It was the right of
workers to organize unions and when they
organized to hold together against the
m ° a^ n< r my a J" the on »y means of at
taining their ends. Strikes were never
lawful until forced, but when necesla?v
w ThV5L2 eavy art i ller y- .of laboT " y
The speaker argued that unions should
sucleS. PO " tlCS tO attaIa "^ besi
n*v. Father Yorke Addresses Vaca
ville Audience on "The Bights
of Labor."
UBGES THE UNIONS TO
KEEP OUT OF POLITICS
President Roosevelt did not attend the
early afternoon exercises of the celebra
tion. After the ceremonies of conferring
the degrees were completed he was driven
to tne uorne or W. w . Jjarnura, on pros
pect Hill. . The crowds almost blocked the
Btreets as tho party with Its escort passed
and many hundreds swarmed along after
the carriage.. CU.^'jliii HHf>f MLIHBtjM)jMli |j|
After luncheon and a brief rest ' the
President, accompanied' by- Professor
Harry S. Graves and Mr. Farnum, strolled
across the . Btreet . to \u25a0 the Yale School : of
Forestry and during, the afternoon the
Pesident also received the members of the
Yale Varsity football team, who, . through
JackGreenway, an old-time football man
of Yale, and later a fellow rough' rider
with Colonel Roosevelt, had asked and
been cordially granted the privilege of a
call. : The President left the house at 4:30
for University, Hall. • • ' - • . '.:.
The final function. of the bicentennial
began' at 5 o'clock vthis evening-. The af
fair was scheduled as a farewell reoeption
by ' President and Mrs.- Hadley, but . tha
presence, of the • President, - who assisted
Mr. and Mrs. . Hadley ln ' receiving," 1 lent
an lmpresslveness to the \u25a0 occasion. -Al
though there was no public announcement
that President Roosevelt would ! be r pres-
The concert by the Boston Orchestra at
the Hyperion Theater took place at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon. At 4 p. m. Wood
bridge Hall, the new administration build
ing presented to . the \u25a0 university . by . \u25a0 tho
Misses Stokes, was dedicated. - President
Hadley presided. The dedicatory address
was delivered by Donald Grant Mitchell,
LL. D. Uk Marvel).
Address by Mitchell.
Alexander Veits Oriswold Allen, professor of
church history ln the Episcopal Theological
School, Cambridge Mass.; . Charles Cuthbert
Hall, president of Union Theological Seminary;
George Harris, ' president of Amherst College;
John Massle, vice principal of Mansflold . Col
lege, Oxford; Bradford Paul Raymond, . presi
dent of Wesleyan University; Stewart Dlngwall
Fordyce Salmond, professor of systematic the
ology and exegesis ln the Free Church Col
lege, Aberdeen; George Williamson Smith,
president of .Trinity College, Hartford, Conn.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich, for many years
editor of the Atlantic Monthly; George Wash
ington Cable, author of "Old Creole Days" and
other -Southern stories; Samuel Langhorno
Clemens, author of "The Adventures of
Huckleberry Finn," "Innocsnti Abroad"; and
other stories j Richard Watson Gilder, editor
of the Century Magazine: William Dean How
ells, for many years editor* of' the Atlantlo
Monthly, author of "The Rise of Silas Lap
ham" and other works; Brander Matthews,
professor of literature in Colupbla University;
Thomas Nelson Page, author of '.'Red Rock,"
"Chronicles of Reconstruction"- and other
Southern stories; Wood row Wilson, professor of
jurisprudence and politics ln Princeton Uni
versity. ' •
DOCTOR OP DIVINITY.
Institution;. Albert Abraham Michelson. profes
sor of physics in the Universjty of Chicago;
William . Osier, prof easor of medicine In Johns
Hopkins Medical School;. Henry Smlih Prit
chett, president of -the Massachusetts. Institute
of Technology; Ira Remsen, professor of Johns
Hopkins University; Ogden Nicholas Rood, pro
fessor of physics in Columbia University: Wil
helm Waldyer, professor of anatomy ln j the
University, of Berlin; Frank Carter, for many
years president of Williams College; Horace
Howard, Furness,. editor of the Variorum edi
tion of Shakespeare's works; Basil Lanneaw
Glldersleeve. professor of Greek literature ln
Johns Hopkins University; "William .Watson
Goodwin, professor of Greek literature , . in
Harvard University: Casper Rene * Gregory,
professor of New Testament exegesis in the
University of Lelpsic; William' Ralney Harper
president of the University of Chicago; Charles
Lustis Harrison, provost of the University of
Pennsylvania; John Hay. Secretary of State;
John Ireland.. Archbishop of St. Paul; John
La Farge, president of the Society of American
Artists; Charles Eliot Norton, professor of the
History of Art, emeritus in Harvard Univer
sity; Francis Landey Patton. president of
Princeton University; Henry Codman Potter,
Bishop of New York; James Ford "Rhodes au
thor of the History of the United States from
the compromise of 1850; Knut Hennlng Geze
lius von Scheele, Bishop of 'Gotland, . and a
member of the Swedish Parliament: Benjamin
Ide Wheeler.' • president of the University of
California; James Burrill Angell, president of
the University of Michigan; Jamea Coolidgo
Carter, for many years president of the New
York Bar Association; Joseph Hodges Choate,
Embassador of the United States at the Court
of St. James; Melville - Western Fuller. Chief
Justice of the United States; Kazuo Hatoyama
professor of law in the University of Tokioi
Henry Lee HigKlnson, fellow of Harvard Uni
versity; William Peterson, principal of McGill
University; Seth Low. for many years presi
dent of : Columbia College; Fedor Fedorovlch
Maartens. professor of International law. emer
ltus in the University of St. Petersburg; John
Baasett Moore Hamilton Fish, professor of in
ternational law ln Columbia University; Rich
ard Olney, former secretary of State; White
law Reid, editor of the .New York . Tribune:
William Thomas Sampson. • rear admiral of the
United States Navy; Jacob Gould Schurman,
president t of Cornell University; James Brad
ley Thayer, profpsfor'of law in Harvard Uni
versity; James Williams, fellow bursar of Lin
coln College of Oxford: Marquia Hlrobouml Ito.
former Prime Minister of Japan; Theodore
Roosevelt, President of the United States.
DOCTOR OF LITERATURE.
The postal Inspector has a description
of two men who may be the ones. "im
plicated in the hold-up. It is known that
iast night two men beat their way on the
southbound overland, No. 15, by blind
baggage and left the train at Cottage
Grove.
"The mall clerk was covered by the
iobber while I was compelled to open lh"e
mail sacks. After the mail was dumped
out the robber sorted It and had the mes
senger hold the eack while he took what
he wanted. But one sack of registered
mail was taken. The robber also helped
himself to the messenger's lunch. This
ended the work of the robber.
"I was taken back with him to the en
gine and commanded to take him to a
point about a mile from Eugene. He told
me to stop as soon as the lights of the
city could be seen, when he jumped off
and disappeared ln the darkness in the
direction of the river. When leaving he
told me to go in any direction I desired
except toward Eugene."
Postal Inspector Ball, who was on the
train on his way home from San Fran
cisco, obtained a list of the pouches
which were rifled by the two men. Four
through registered pouches were taken
by the robbers. After being silt open
and the contents taken they were thrown
down. These pouches were all from San
Francisco and were being sent to Spo
kane, Seattle, Tacoma and Victoria, B. C.
One through pouch, which was partially
hidden behind a box, was overlooked.
Nearly everything in the four pouches
which were rifled was taken away by the
men, only a few articles being left" be
hind. \u25a0.:• -x'r-k- 7 : \u25a0\u25a0 ' • \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0
the attack on the express car and turned
his attention to the baggage car. I was
compelled to enter the baggage car and
command the baggage man to give up.
Assuring the robber that there was noth
ing of value in this car, it was also aban
doned and the mail car was taken ln
hand.
Lake' Tahoe is to be considered capable of
yielding about 60,000,000 gallons of water per
day. without apparent damage to users of water
from Truckee River. In making any considerable
diversion in excess of this amount it must be
anticipated that some Interference with vested
rights will be claimed and that the city would
be liable for damage actually resulting there
from. -.- \
From North Yuba River at Alabama Bar,
in combination with the large storage facilities
at the Oregon House reservoir site, without
recourse to any portion of - the river's low
water flow, upward of 60,000,000 gallons of
water per day can be obtained. Water from
the North Yuba. from a watershed with a
population of about 3000 should be considered
in too great danger of pollution to be used
without filtration. )
Supervisors to sell water properties or to
construct water works fOr the city as fol
lows:
Lake Tahoe and San Francisco Water Works,
Marysville and Nevada Water Company, Jay
B. Russell (American River). M. C. Taylor
(Tuba River) William Stuart & Co. (Middle
fork of American River). Kel River and Rus
sian River Water Works, D. E. Gish & Co.
(artesian), Jersey City AVater Supply Company,
Spring Valley Water Works (offer to arbitrate).
E. G. Wheeler and associates (Coyote Valley).
T. J. Patterson (Stanislaus River), Dumbarton
Land and Improvement Company. Grant Gap
Water Company (north fork of American
River).
The estimates of cost for four of the
supplies are given as follows:
North fork of Tuba River project, to effect
delivery to city. $38,608,300; add for distributing
system $7,000,COO; total, $45,608,300.
1 Lake Tahoe project. 60,0)0,000 gallons per day
to be delivered and including distributing sys
tem. $46,400,900. .
Tuolumne River project, $33,206,200.
Stanislaus River project, $40,836,200.
The appraisement of the Spring Valley
system, excluding properties not at pres
ent in actual use, is fixed at $23,204,265.
What the Investigation Cost.
' The appropriation of $30,000 for the water
supply investigation was expended' as fol
lows, a balance of $46 32 being left:
Supervisors' trip to Lake Tahoe and Tuba
River, $792 85; publication "The law and the
facts," $118; salaries and wages, $17,013 93;
materials and supplies. $2343 IS; reconnoissance
and incidentals, $5936 78; expert services, $3CO0;
bacteriological examinations, $728 34; total,
$29,933 68.
The following are some of the important
conclusions noted in the report:
It Is desirable that the combined sources of
water supply for this city should be capable
of yielding ultimately at least 120,000,000 gal
lons per day, and that any source of supply
now to be utilized or an extension of the es
tablished system should place at least 60,000,000
gallons of water per- day at the disposal of
the city, and that the capacltyof water worka
should be such as to deliver this amount of
water to the city at the outset. Any new
source to be combined with the established sys
tem should be capable of yielding at least
30,000.000 gallons per day and a possible expan
sion to 90,000,000 gallons is desirable. The
population forecast indicates 1.000,000 inhabit
ants in about the year 19S0. with no probability
that this number, under favorable conditions of
growth, could be reached before 1363. \u25a0
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Admiral
Schley is expected to take the witness
stand ln the naval court of inquirj\ which
is investigating his conduct in the Span
ish War, some time during the day or
to-morrow. This announcement is justi
fied by the progress made to-day in tin
examination of witnesses called to tes
tify in the admiral"s behalf.
Eight witnesses were heard to-day, an<l
there are only three more names on the
list preceding the name of the admiral
himself. Of these tnrte only *Captain
Clark of the Oregon is expected to testify
at any length. It Is not probable that the
idmiral will be called before the after
noon session, lie will be the last of th-*
witnesses to be neard in support of h'i
side of the controversy. It Is now con
sidered probable that he will be on the
stand for two or three days.
It is not yet possible to say whether
any witnesses will be called in rebuttal
ay the court, but it seems probable that a
.'ew persons may be summoned for this
purpose. The testimony to-day led Judge
Advocate Leraly and Hanna to decide
upon the calling of at least one rebutting
witness If he can be found. This is Sylves
ter Bcoyel, whose testimony is desired In
connection with the incident of the meet
ing of the press boat Somers M. Smith
by the scout boat tit. Paul while the lat
ter was off Santiago in May, 1S9S.
The first of to-day's new witnesses,
James H. Hare, photographer on the
press boat, stated that Captain Sigsbee
of the St. Paui had told the correspond
ents on board the Smith on May- £ti an.i
27 that Cervera's fleet was not inside th»
harbor at Santiago. Scovel was among
the correspondents on the Smith, and if
he can be found he will be asked to come
to "Washington and give his testimony on
this incident. It is also probable that an
effort will be made to rebut other por
tions of the testimony given in Admiral
Schley's behalf, including Lieutenant
tears' denials of a conversation concern
ing Admiral Schley, which the lieutenant
is alleged to have taken part in on board
the Massachusetts on May 3L
Other witnesses in addition to Hare who
testified to-day were Chief Boatswain
Anlliam L. Hill, Gunner P. T. Applegate
and Major Paul St. C. Murphy of the
marines, all of whom were aboard the
Brooklyn during the Cuban campaign-
Lieutenant Commander Harlow, who as
executive officer of the Vixen made notes
of the battle of- July 3, and three officer
of the Oregon. Lieutenant A. A. Acker
man, Lieutenant E. W. Eberle and Lieu
tenant R. G. Johnstone. Lieutenant Ack
ennan had charge of the after 13-inch tur
ret and Lieutenant Eberle of the forward
13-inch turret en the Oregon on July 3
and Lieutenant Johns-tone was signal ofli
eer on the Oregon at that time.
Johnstone testified that he did not re
ceive any signal from the Brooklyn to
tire 13-inch guns at the Spanish ship Cris
tobal Colon and all the Oregon's officers
ThJl Vii f tlf £ d t0 - da - v expressed the opinion
«rt£ti 1i Ores °-2. and the Brooklyn were
practically .equidistant from the Colon
when that vessel went ashore. Some of
tdern, however, were inclined to think
8£8? shi°p klya was a Bhade nearer «8
t^t^n^ Oat l7l ln HUI was S^S his
\ !H, m on> c' hi " h J as complimentary to
of S,t hle k there were two outbursts
SeSK^aSiS £ e £ e ey promptly SU1 "
Examination of the Famous
Officer to Take
Daya
The closing exercise's of the bicentennial
were officially commemorative. Classical
music, a commemorative poem -and a
Greek festival hymn, had been composed
for the occasion, a commemorative* ad-
New Haven was literally Yale-mad.
Schools, factories and stores were closed,
while the ', townspeople thronged \u25a0 . the
streets to do honor to the President of
the United States, the guest of the uni
verelty.
and literature were honored by
Yale University to-day and in turn paid
homage to the great institution of learn
ing, which . is celebrating the completion
of the second century of its existence, as
they marched behind Yale's colors, dele
grates to the great festival, and partici
pated in the closing functions of the cele
bration.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Oct. 23.-
Representatlves of many peoples
and creeds, of the learned pro
fessions and of the industries
Rear Admiral May Now
'Be Called by the
Court.
SCHLEY READY
AS A WITNESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 19oi.
Distinguished Men of the Nation Participate in .the Great Cele
. bration at the University in Connecticut and President Roose
velt Receives an Honorary Degree From the Institution
YALE'S BLUE STANDARD WAVES
ON FAMOUS SONS OF OLD ELI
Continued Prom Page One.
2
.. To - Cure ;a Ccld;.ta One : Day ,
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure
B; W. Grove' s signature la on each box, 2i«^ •
ADVEBTISEaiENTS.
AN INTERNAL REMEDY.
A Pleasant Tasting Tablet; Simple,
Convenient; Cures Every Form
of Catarrh.
The use of Inhalers, douches, sprays.
SSifVJi 4 ! powde " for ca tarrti is a nuis-
ance and inconvenience at the beat and
cannot compare with antiseptic remedies
la tablet form for internal use.
Internal Vexnedlea are the only ones
which can really reach the seat of the
dsease. which is in the blood, and local ap-
plications can no more cure catarrh thnn
rheumatism or kidney trouble, the exces-
sive secretion in nose and throat belne lo-
cal manifestations of a deep seated poison
in the n'ood.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the most sue-
cessful of the various internal remedies
Is composed principally of highly con-
cpntrated antiseptics, which destroy the
catarrh germs in the blood and cuse
them to be eliminated through the natural
channels.
Progressive physicians use and advise
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets because they
contain no cocaine, no opiate, no enervat-
ing drus whatever, but are composed- of
G-uaiacoT, Hydrastin, Red: Gum and simi-
lar catarrh antiseptics, and are so 6afe
and pleasant that even little children may
use them with excellent results.
Catarrh sufferers who have wasted time
and money on local applications should
not despair of a radical cure until a trial
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets has been
trade.
A complete treatment may be purchased
mX any druf store for fifty cents.' *;- ;;
AD VESTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills-
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Ton^ Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
DISORDERS g^\
BY FAR THE GREAT- "TJ/^^tIiK^
er number of patients >~f \ fejf // Sv »
seeking relief for so-called \\ \ STR// //
•weakness are strong, \\ \J\ y J _ //
robust men in every other
reepect. Loss of Vitality, Pretnaturenes3, etc..
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ion?
continued excitement. Under our local plan oC
treatment, dfrected toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, aa indicated by increased circulation and
renewed Btrengrth. are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is Interesting to any one wishins
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
OF AKATOHYl
A CB lC51S- f A223T:r.t3t.6:ii7:i.3.r.Cil. A
\ *3[ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
j& -^afe-*. World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
» tES £Jl <*sea*e po»iH»«-ly turmlojth- oldest T
® JS !j£) 1 on ths Coast. Est. 36 years. (Q
A fl^gf J DR. JORDAN-DICZASES OF MEN Q
\ F^S^H Consultation free and strictly private. \
Q S Jt?6i || Trratmtnt personally or by letter. A A
\ fl If Vt U I^titim Cure in every case undertaken. \
0F1 US w,i; t f or Book, rniLonupn Y«r A
W • (I li* aiRHMGE, MAILED FREE. (Af
1 |J |l valuable book for mrn) \
7 DO.. JOBDAX «fc CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
«•' w B fe O ta » non-poisonous
JV"5gffiptj^*JQ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
JF*2T CURES \j4 Whites, unnataral dial
jpgjpy in 1 to s d»y§. 1Q charges, or any inflamiaa-
t[t£?4 Guaranteed to ** tion, irritation or ulcera-
Bfc— 1 Pretest contagion. *j° n °' m . u c O U S mem*
F*? THFF™N«rnFuirnri branes -
lI3k c ho !!,.-. Bras SoId by »"»«**\u25a0.
c " 3# \u25a0*•• J*iA by express, prepaid, for
tfflE^riKj^^-rt^a ti.co, or 3 bottles, |2.75.
Circular sent oa request.
political!
* . . FOi? ...
S MAYOR,
JOSEPH S.TOBIN
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
FOR MAYOR,
ASA R. WELLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
For.«
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee.
For Tax Collector,
tUW u Ji OIII1H9
Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOB
JOHN FARNHAM
* — FOR —
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. /
VOTE FOR
P. BOLAND, m
Democratic Nominee for •
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR "'
Oncumbeat. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I \u25a0:\u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0• 1
f The Best Stimulant
When worn out or run down
|||| Baltimore
The Finest Type
pjQMl^SKa^^ recommended to
women because of
Ei£iT^^%'Ytj'^ | V^f l £r<r^i *^ fc£$ ind ex**
Ells JflcJfL5 1 \L 1*1 li f^Vcfj it
, K3-K5 California St., Ban Frmndsco. C*L
Dr. Lyon's
perfect
Used by people of, refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
DR.MEYERS&CO. J|i|^
Specialist. Disease fig&ij&F Ts*
and weakness of •§§!« .y
men. Established S^lj —mmisl yg'f
18S1. Consultation T(V?. r T%*$ tltf
and" private "book \\
free, at office or by \u25a0 >^BsJ
mall. Cures guar- \&'£1$J4?N&
ftnteed. 731 Mar- lV i *^ra^ i^S^
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance), SanENTHUSIASTIC- SCENE IN THE MINERS' \u25a0 CONVENTION WHEN PRESI
DENT E. C. VOORHEIS ACCEPTED THE NOMINATION AND .WAS'RB
>'. ELECTED PRESIDENT FOR THE NEXT TERM.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Oct.- 23.-Booker
T. Washington, who is attending the Yale
bicentennial . celebration," was a , guest ' of
Morris F. Tyler, treasurer of the .univer
sity,, at a dinner at Tyler's residence on
Monday evening. Former Postmaster
General Bissell alsoaccepted an invitation
to dine with Tyler that" evening, and met
Mr. Washington. Tyler said to-day that
the invitations were sent and accepted
about ten days.before Washington, dined
with the President at Washington. ;
Dine "With the Distinguished Negro.
• HONOLULU,, Oct. 16.-Considerable un
easiness has 'been created'among some of
the largest sugar planting by
the uuling of the Secretary\of the Interior
at Washington . , which puts an end. to the
negotlatlonsbf certain capitalists for the
privilege of developing the Kohala Moun
tain *' water. '. Several : of \u25a0 the , i largest
plantations are obtaining water rising on
public lands.' Governor Dole, announced,
when conveying to his Council and inter
ested "parties! the « decision of . the Secre
tary , of the - Interior that it affected | all
such -water privileges granted* since ' an
nexation. ... '\u25a0\u25a0 " - .• V \u25a0'--•• :
\ .A controversy is on, between the Board
of Health and the' Public Works Depart
ment regarding the operation of a stone
quarry, with blasting and, machine crush
ing incidental, I on the edge . of the I insane
asylum : grounds. The department has not
means for) removing I either the plant or
the asylum- and the; roads need the quar-'
ried material./. \u25a0 ,:.\u25a0:- '
- Superintendent of; Public Works ' J. H.
Special Correspondence.
Uneasiness in Hawaii
Over a Recent Regu
lation/
The Democratic party wages no war against
-wealth. It Is not a poor man's party. nor the
rich man's party. It is the people's party. It
believes that the interests of labor and capital
should not be permitted to conflict and should
be harmonized by Judicious legislation, but
that Jn the • event of conflict' between- them
labor, which is the parent of wealth, Is entitled
to paramount consideration. It opposes monop
oly, not only, because it Is unjust and oppres
sive but because it. Is destructive of equality;
but it would not legislate to check the legiti
mate operation of our great industries. It has
no sympathy with communism and anarchism,
but It believes in taxing the wealth rather than
the labor' of . the. country, and it opposes, and
from- its principles must ever oppose, all sub
sidy, trusts and monopolies as hostile to the in
terests of the great body of the common people,
on whose prosperity the welfare of our country
defends. . .-.--.". r ._;.
bourne. The Democratic managers decid
ed to have no speakers from other States
and a campaign of eleven days will be
carried on by Ohio speakers only. Kil
bourne said in part:
Patriotic Republicans, you who love your
country and are devoted to its free institutions,
will you remain longer with those who* seek
ing to extend the exercise of arbitrary power
by the Government, preach that we have out
grown the constitution, or will you unite with
those who believe that the preservation of-con
stitutional liberty Is of greater consequence
than finding new fields for exploitation by .the
trusts pr the establishment of a hybrid impe
rialism? , • • \u25a0 . '
Democratic Candidate
for Governor Begins
Campaign.
BUCTRUS, Ohio, Oct. 23.— The Demo
crats formally opened their State cam
paign here to-day with excursions from
all parts of the State and a very large at
tendanee. This city was founded by the
grandfather of Colonel James Kilbourne,
the Democratic candidate for Governor,
and Is the county seat of one of J the
strongest Democratic counties In the
State.
The city was profusely decorated for
the celebration. The speakers included
Colonel James Kilbourne, Anthony How
ells, candidate for Lieutenant Governor ;
Mayor Tom L. Johnson and Charles W.
Baker, candidate for United States Sena
tor, in the afternoon, s*id for the night
meeting J. L. Zimmerman of Springfield,
Congressman James A. Norton and
others. General. E. B. Finley, formerly
Congressman from th«3 district, was the
presiding officer for both meetings.
The afternoon meeting was preceded by
a parade of clubs and the evening meet
ing by a torchlight procession. The larg
est visiting delegation came from Colum
bus, the home of Colonel James Kil-
The. proceedings of the final day of tho
convention were enlivened by several oc
currences. : When B. C. Voorheis was re
r.omlnated for president and the nomina
tion had been ratified unanimously by the
convention, the delegates all over the. hall
stood up and cheered wildly for Voor
heis, waving hats and canes above their
heads. Only one name -was mentioned
for each office -when the nomination
speeches were in order. Bradley of El
Dorado County for president nominated
Voorheis, Caminetti named Fred Zeitler,
Attorney General Tirey Ford named L.
E. Aubury and J. H. Tibbitts of Shasta
named M. E. Dittmar of Redding- for th-j
three -vice presidents. Ford made a hu
morous speech and, alluding to the im
aginary line that- separates Southern
California at Tehachapl f rom the . upper
part of the State, made a plea 'for the
State as a whole. "To hell with Tehacha
pl." said he. i . ;• -
Davis of Amador nominated Benjamin
for secretary; Ralston named S. J. Hendy
for- treasurer; J. H. Neff seconded the
nomination of Voorheis. All the newly
elected officers made neat speeches from
the stage. and came in for applause.
Eising Vote of Thanks.
Toward the close of : the . deliberations
J. H. Neff moved that the convention ten-
Boyd and George C. Beckley of the Wilder
Steamship Company are mentioned ' as
probable candidates in 1902 for Delegate to
Congress. The split in the home rule
party, that -started at the Legislature, is
extending over the group.
Baron . Alexander Kahlbahrs, the Rus
sian general who commanded the troops
of (he Czar in Manchuria during the re
cent troubles, stopped in Honolulu last
night as a through passenger for San
Francisco on the steamship City of Pe
king and he gave out an, interview in
which he stated that the province of Man
churia' is entirely . sujugated to Russian
rule. Baron Kahlbahrs is on his way to
St. Petersburg, where he will - report on
his military operations, which, he says,
were completely successful. : ' ,
There is a . movement in Honolulu to
erect a monument, in honor of "the late
President:'- It is supported by all ele
ments. The monument will be put up by
Hawaiians, Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese
and whites by public subscription and the
aid of various organizations. ' < :
: \u25a0 The police ' have been arresting \ many
Porto Ricans as vagrants recently and an
unprecedented i amount « of begging is re
ported; all over Honolulu. Yesterday one
Filipino. Ango, arrested as a vagrant, sur
prised the T court and police by producing
$4000 in cash and notes from his pockets.
Gould Elected as Director.
i: DENVER, Oct. 23.— At the annual meet
ing of the Rio" Grande Southern- Railroad
stockholders in this city the following di
rectors were elected: George' Gould, New-
York; Howard Gould, New York; Arthur
Coppcli; New York; Clarence M. Bingham,
Chicago; Edward T. Jeffry, Denver; S. N.
\u25a0Wood, ;! Denver; \u25a0\u25a0 Otto \u25a0 Mears, Washington.
George Gould is chairman of the board. \u25a0;
Dr.rC. C. O'Donnell is still in the flght
for Mayor | and 1 will certainly win. Write
his , name ; with a lead pencil at the top of
,the head' of the blank column, for Mayor.*
TUCSON. Ariz., Oct. 23.— The United
States Grand Jury returned an Indictment
to-caj' against ex-Customs Collector
Hoey on three separate charges ln con
nection with the admitting of Chinese
Into the United States. Hoey will be ar
raifTied en Friday.
Indictment Against Hoey.
eral in character and which are recognized as
mineral by the people who seek to secure them
as such by subterfuge, legal technicalities and
outright perjury, the petroleum industry faces
the matter of most serious present concern to
it ln Its relation to the Federal laws and their
administration. We believe that this problem
Is peculiarly one In which the whole mining
Industry of the State is interested, together
with the petroleum miners, and we solemnly
pledge our highest endeavors to protect the
heritage of the miner ln the public domain In
accordance with the letter and spirit of the
beneficent laws which \u25a0 were intended by Con
gress to sacredly preserve the vast mineral re
sources of the public domain to the mining
industry that their development might be .en
couraged and fostered. We distinctly favor tho
proposition that where a contest takes place
between a scripper and a miner In any de
partment of the United States land office, the
burden of proof shall.be placed upon the scrip
per and not on the miner.
Resolved, We look forward with pardonable
pride to the early construction, already as
sured, of- the restraining barrier for which
$650,000 has been appropriated by our State and
National governments. -We heartily . approve
the plans and recommendations of the
fornia Debris Commission for the construction
of such restraining barriers as outlined ln
their official report cf 1S99 to the Secretary
of War, and we hereby request . our delegates
in Congress to use all honorable means to se
cure such added national legislation and ap-
WATER RIGHTS
CAUSE WORRY
Whereas, Opposition :to the efforts of certain
of our fellow miners to operate their hydraulic,,
mines under the Caminetti law has been made
in the courts of the State, and more suits of a
similar character are threatened; and -
Whereas, By the injunctions obtained in
the cases already brought under the ruling by
tha court that the licenses ln these particular
cases were not regularly issued,' the constitu
tionality of the law has been challenged; now,
therefore, be It . \u25a0 , \u25a0 . • \u25a0'.-... -.
Resolved, That the executive committee of the
California Miners' Association shall determine
the constitutionality of said law in the courts
of. last resort by defending a test case brought
against a -miner holding a regularly Issued li
cense by the California Debris Commission. .
Resolved, That we recognize the fact that the
future • devolpment of the State depends in a
large measure upon the "future development of
Test Case Proposed!
segregate the ) mineral lands wfthln the rail
road land grants of California to the end that
such mineral lands may be again thrown open
to exploration and purchase \u25a0 in the same man
ner as are the other mineral lands of the
United States- under the Federal mining laws
regulating such exploration and purchase. .
And we further recommend that If deemed
necessary, and i with the advice of the
executive committee * of the association,' a
personal representative be sent to Washington
to represent the Interests of the miners of Cali
fornia In this matter.
7N addition to the adoption of resolutions, in which the _zvishes of the representatives of the min
ing industry of California zverc set forth zvith force and clearness, and the election of officers
for the next year, the convention of the Calif or nia Miners' Association- found time yesterday to
take action demanding the enaction of a nezv Chinese exclusion act. The proceedings came to an
end yesterday afternoon. They zvere marked zvith harmony in all matters of vital concern. The
old ofUcial board was re-elecled with the addition of a third vice-president to represent the northern
counties. : ; .''•\u25a0,. V ''\u25a0:. V •
COMMITTEE WORK BEARS GOOD FRUIT.
MOUNT PLEASANT. Utah. Oct. 23.—
lire. Aubry Snowden, -wife of a prominent
physician, to-day placed the^ muzzle of a
revolver to the forehead of her two-year
old daughter and sent a bullet crashing
through the child's head. She then shot
her«elf in the right temple, dying- almost
instantly. The child lived an hour after
beirg shot. No explanation Is offered
as to the reason for the •woman's acts.
Woman. Kills Herself and Child.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— "It has transpired,"
says; a special dispatch from Paris, "that
the French Government warned each
member cf the miners' committee (which
adjourned yesterday at St. Etlenne witn
out making- public the result of its delib
erations) that ln ordering a strike under
present conditions he would render him
self liable to a sentence for inciting civil
war and that the Government would
prof.ecute if necessary. This action. It is
fceli«;ved, caused the committee to tem
porise."
For Inciting- Civil "War.
LaRIMORE. N. D., Oct. 23.— At 5
o'clock this morning a light engine com
ing east ran into the rear end of the
G resit Northern eastbound flyer, killing
Fireman W. B. Joselyn and Brakeman
Claude Whittaker and breaking one cf
Engineer Thomas Doane's legs. The
wounded -were brousrht to Grand Forks.
President J. J.~ Hill's private car -was on
the rear of the train, occupied by the
porter, who was slightly injured. This
car is built of steel and made to with
stand wrecks, and was but slightly dam
agea. Had this car not been on the rear
of tne train many lives might have been
lost. Conductor Driscoll says the crew on
the light engine did not heed a signal to
stop. . .
Private Car of President Hill Has a
Narrow Escape From
Disaster.
X-IGET ENGINE CRASHES
INTO THE FAST'TBAIN
Us water resources and the preservation of its
forests; therefore, we favor the immediate and
thorough Investigation of, and report on, our
water resources, and the best methods of- Im
proving and developing the same; the collabora
tion of the Federal and State governments in
such investigation and the proper ! appropria
tions therefor by our State Legislature.
We desire and urge the Federal Government
that all public .forests be reserved from sale,
and the establishment of a forest patrol; and
We favor the enactment by the State Legisla
ture of such penal laws as will lessen the
danger from forest fires; and be it further •
Resolved, that we recognize the Importance of
the passage of such amendatory legislation, and
urge the necessity of action upon our committee
on legislation and the California representatives
in our National CongressA
Assessment Work.
Resolved, That we heartily favor the amend
ment of sections 2319, 2320 and 2324 of the Re
vised Statutes of the United States, concerning
the location of mining claims, so that the loca
tor shall be accorded a reasonable and definite
time within which to finally mark his surface
boundaries on the ground, so. that all local
rules, regulations and customs of miners and
all State and Territorial law on' the locations of
mines shall be abolished; and so; that," while
liberal provisions shall be madefor.the protec
tion of the locator who holds and works his
claim in good faith, the law concerning annual
assessment shall most effectually check the
present injurious practice of holding mining
claims year after year without development.
A resolution reported by the commit
tee on resolutions, in which the work
of the California Club for the pres
ervation • «f the Calaveras Big Trees
and' advocating national and State legis
lation necessary to- preserve the forest,
was adopted. v££
views of this convention on the proposition of
having a department of mines and mining, and
that the same be submitted to the executive
committee of this association at its first meet-'
ing, so It can be immediately forwarded to
our delegation In Washington.
Resolved, That our Congressional delegation
be and is hereby requested to use all honorable
means to have enacted a law by which the
location of petroleum placer claims might be so
regulated as to secure to the locator the right
to locate not to exceed 160 acres and give him
an opportunity to make technical "discovery"
of mineral as precedent to location.
A measure of this nature is demanded by the
peculiar conditions of the petroleum industry,
and is necessary to give effect to the spirit and
Intent of the mining .laws, and would be a wise
adaptation to oil development of the tunnel
site law and would work no Injury to any legi
timate industry. '-
Scrippers Axe Considered.
nesolved. That in the problem of remedying
the criminal abuses of . the land and mining
laws of the nation by the wholesale attempts to
secure as agricultural lands, by the use of so
called scrip and otherwise, great tracts of the
public domain that are unquestionably min-
Resolved, That your committee .on mineral
lands be Instructed to use all honorable means'
at their disposal to secure such legislation at
the hands of our National Congress as will
bring about the desired results, and we fur
thermore request our Senators and Represen
tatives in Congress to urge upon Congress
at Its ensuing session, commencing in Decem
ber .next, to enact such legislation as will
promptly, effectually and finally classify and
Whereas, There "is an absolute, urgent and
immediate necessity for the segregation of tho
mineral lands within the railroad land grants
of the State of California in order that- such
mineral lands may be restored to the public
domain and thus made available to the min
ing prof pector. These mineral lands were es
pecially excepted from the railroad land grants
and have never been granted by the United
States Government to any railroad company,
and were intended to be specifically preserved
as a part of the public domain open to explora
tion and purchase under Federal mining laws.
The task of securing a proper and effective
classification and segregation of the mineral
lands within the- railroad land grants in Cali
fornia was undertaken several years since • by
the California Delegate in Congress through the
suggestion and \u25a0 co-operation of \ the California
Miners' Association, but the efforts thus made
have been. so far unavailing. ,. It is" 'now be
lieved, however, that .a more' opportune ; time
has arrived for the accomplishment of . this
desirable work, and therefore, be It "
Mineral Lands. Bill.
proprlation as may. be necessary to carry such
work to a final and successful completion. And
be it further
Resolved. That we favor the construction at
the earliest possible date of additional re
straining: dama and barriers upon - the tribu
taries- of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers and their branches, to the end that
hydraulic mining may be' resumed In all parts
of the State adapted thereto.
sions Issusd.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The Postoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffices discontinued October 31: Cali
fornia—Wanda. Stanislaus County, mail
to Oakdale. Wash; Bush Point, Island
County, mail to Newell.
These pensions were granted: Increase
—Frank McLaughlin. Los Angeles, $12.
Oregon— Increase— John Valentine, Rose
burjj, $S.
Washington — Increase — Benjamin F.
Taylor, Pullman, ?12.
The annual report of the Commissioner
of Tensions shows the number of pension
ers :.n California to be 19.279. The amount
paid them during the last fiscal year was
$2,625,816. The Oregon pensioners number
5470 and the amount Is $719,210. The Wash
ingtDn pensioners are €928 and the amount
is JS25.125.
Changes Made in the Postoffice De
partment and More New Pen-
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Special' Dispatch to Tb» Call,
LONDON, Oct. 23«— The principal topic
of conversation to-day was the summary
dismissal of Sir Redvers Buller. Wher
ever one went nothing «lss was talked
about. A good 'deal of attention Is given
to one explanation of the affair. It Is an
open secret that what Is known as "pet
ticoat Influence" has been far too strong
at the War Office ever sines the Duk* of
Cambridge resigned and the present com
mander in chief has not escaped It, Therp
are many people who are Inclined to ap
plaud the speech of H. C. Richards, K
C, the night before last, at the North
ampton, who declared that It Lord Rob
erts would leave bazaar openings to Lad/
Roberts and take staff selections an!
War Office reforms Into his own bands'
there might be great reform, at the War
Office.
• "I am told," says the Informant, tt tia.t
ever since General Buller refused to cor
rect his Spion Kop dispatches he has been
subjected to the bitter hostility ot Lad/
Roberts, who used every eftort to force
her husband to demand his recall. Within
the last few days her antipathy has fotmtl
fresh vent owing' to this Westminster
speech. It is said she compelled 'Bobs* to
go to the War Office and demand oZ
Bro'drick that he should issue an order
for General Butler's resignation.
"Such an order was Issued, but rili
Buller replied with a flat refusal to
resign. Then Lord Roberts and Mr. Brod
rick put their heads together and waited
for the King's return to London to lay
before his Majesty the alternative of
Buller's dismissal or their resignation.
-"It was by n:> means a pleasant inter
view. At first the King refused point
blank to countenance any such drastic
proceedings. He defended Buller right
and left and declared that such a provo
cation as anonymous attacks were no
warrant for such an explosion on the part
of a bluff old soldier, but Lord Roberta
and Mr. Brodrick were equally stubborn.
"Lord Roberts threatened to resign in
stanter unless a royal mandate was Is
sued for Buller's decapitation."
CHINA NOW FFiAKFOTi
. OP "WTJ'S POPTTLAIHTY
Prominence of the Chinese minister
Hay Cause His Eecall to
Peking.
PEKING, Oct. 23.— There i3 strong oppo
sition among conservative Chinese officials
to Wu Ting Fang, Chinese Minister at
Washington, retaining a foreign mission.
Those who take this view consider that
hi» popularity abroad is a proof that he
is not sufficiently loyal to the interests of
China.
It is probable that he will be recalled
and given a position on the new Board of
Foreign Affairs, where, his linguistic and
legal attainments may be utilized under
the eye of the Government.
Accident to Transport Not Serious.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 23.— The accident
which caused the United States transport
Sheridan, from Manila to San Francisco,
with over 1000 troops on board, to put
into Nagasaki, is not of a serious nature.
Her tailshaft is damaged and she will be
docked for repairs. - — -
On motion of C. T. Deane the chair was
authorized to name a committee of three
to revise the constitution and by-laws of
the association. -The committee as made
up includes Martin D. Kerr of Grass Val
ley, W. H. Dunton of El Dorado County
and Colonel George Stone of San Fran
cisco, .v
The special committee to deal with the
absent James O'Brien reported that the
rights of the ! Government having been
made secure by the prompt action of th«s
convention, without the payment x to
O'Brien of the $2500 "that was raised
among the busines men of San Francisco,
the money would all be paid back to the
contributors. »
This closed the O'Brien chapter with
one exception. O'Brien had sent a letter
to Mr. Caminetti resigning his position
on the association's committee on darns.
Whelan of Shasta County demanded that
this letter should be read.
"No," answered Caminetti, "he shall
not throw slurs at this convention in s
letter. If- he wishes to find fault let hlia
have the courage to come here in person
and do it." ; ;
It was late: yesterday afternoon when
the. convention, concluded its labors.
Revising Constitution.
der a rising vote of thanks to Marion da
"Vries for his 3crvices to the association
and the convention adopted the Idea.
Judge Niles Searls and Harold T. Power,
both of the last two named being ill, were
honored by the orders of the convention
to Secretary Benjamin to write ; to each
a letter of condolence. • .
At the forenoon session Congressman
S. D. "Woods spoke, advising that Senator
John F. Davis should.be uuinoriiea io
draw up a bill to-be presented to Con
gress to secure the needed additional ap
propriation for the Yuba River dam and
promising to introduce the bill at the
opening of Congress and tq follow it up
in the committees. Congressman "Woods
also promised to prepare a mineral lands
bill, copying it from the old bill that
failed. He also forcibly urged that tho
convention should -adopt resolutions con
cerning the Chinese exclusion act that
the California delegation in Congress
might have behind them the moral effect
of the action ol the California miners.
Congressman Coombs spoke of the Yuba
dam and other matters. He said that th;
Congressional delegation should give the
Yuba works all the support they could in
Congress. Congressman Coombs also
spoke concerning the exclusion of Chinese
from the United States., He said that r.
was whispered 'about in the East that
the farmers and miners of California
wanted more Chinese laborers to develop
their lands and mines and that rallroa-1
builders also wanted the Chinese. He dui
not think that representatives of these in
terests in California would sit silent un
der these imputations. He was largely
acquainted with the farmers and thought
that he knew their wishes concerning- the
exclusion of the Chinese: -
If there was not enough labor in Cali
fornia to Immediately develop its re
sources it was better to let them He in
abeyance • until • they could be developed
by Americans. Let. all interests get to
gether, he said, and tell the East that the
people of the State are united against th<*
coming in of the Chinese. Congressman
Coombs also promised to work for the
proposed National -Department of Mines
and Mining.
Wireless Telegraphy Serves
Important Purpose
at Sea,
.<« * £azro, lighthouse inspector, was no
tified by means of the Herald's wireless
*ysi.em of the lightship being out of posi
tion.
*y5, ; £ information nroved that the light
ship had drifted during the night fully six
rnll.;s off the station. Captain Hallett then
puued up his mushroom anchor, which he
lound to be all right, and made his way
* it the re & u lar anchorage. There was
luny 115 fathoms of chain out during the
vessel s drift. By' 1 o'clock this afternoon
!£ i l £htship reports that It was nearlng
the buoy, which it had no difficulty in lo-
NANTUCKET, Mass.. Oct. 23—Rellef
ligr.tship No. 58. which on October 16 took
the station at South Shoals, off Nantuck
et. to relieve the regular boat. No. 66, was
louad to bo adrift early this morning.
T^ie wind was very strong: during the
a ii er .P a^ ¥ >- es ">rday and increased
in -velocity during the night.
l<£ C ! oc . k "£* morr ""S Captain Hal
«n 'r.Z h V*. */L charg0 of th « rolle£ snip.
SErh?^^?** the * nctlor bu °y not in
JF. glUn S conclusive evidence that the
ship must have drifted a considerate dis
tance from her official position
».wn«3- & k 19: S 5 o#clo <* the steamer Swlt
»nrf il ' b .°^ n< l westward, came In sight
Tn ~l£ al $ l the Heral <*"6 wireless station
w ll P " e f as P assl ng she was asked
*3 * he of the lightship by meant
!«r£,. co i e * Bl * nal for Us longitude. Tho
Khh^h \u25a0 ca . me close u p t0 the 1J eht
11 '1 tU lon & itud e desired by Captahi
Ej>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
OHIOANS HEAR
FROM KILBOURNE
The text of the resolutions adopted by
the convention that dealt with topics of
the greatest general interest is as follows:
lows:
Resolved. That in the Judgment of this as
sociation, the mining industry of this country
with its output of raw material amounting in
1900 to the sum of $1,070,108,883 in value, its
tremendous significance to the industrial pros
perity of the nation, and its still more splen
did promise for the future, warrants and de T
mands the governmental protection and assist
ance that can be adequately extended only
through a cabinet department of the executive
branch of the Government. We therefore hear
tily indorse the now national demand for \u25a0 a
Cabinet Department of Mines and Mining.
Resolved, That the committee on legislation
be requested to prepare a bill embodying the
Important Resolutions.
Whereas, We cannot but look forward with
dismay and alarm to .that untoward event
which shall precipitate upon our shores the
alien hordes of Asia without let or hindrance;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That we hereby request our dele
gation in Congress to endeavor to procure
the enactment of another Chinese exclusion act.
and that wo further hereby request our said
delegation in the prosecution of their efforts
in this behalf to exercise the greatest diligence
and vigilance.
Whereas, The Chinese * civilization In our
midst has proven to be wholly alien to ours
and to our Institutions, and the presence of
the Chinese among us has been shown to be a
blight and a curse upon our people; and
Whereas, The Chinese race has been proven
to be wholly unasslmilable with the Caucasian;
and
The enactment of a new Chinese restric
tion law \u25a0was advocated. The administra
tion of the State Mining Bureau under
Lewis B. Aubury was approved and the
Legislature was asked to make a liberal
appropriation for the support of the
bureau. Land Commissioner Binger Her
mann was commended anew for suspend
ing agricultural entry upon California
lands supposed to be petroleum-bearing.
Thanks were voted to the merchants,
manufacturers and business men of San
Francisco for financial support given to
the association and also to the press of
San Francisco and of the mining counties
of the State for aid to the association and
to the mining industry of California.
The resolutions that were submitted by
the committee on resolutions, of which "W.
C. Ralston was the chairman, were really
an epitome of the history of the important
doings of the convention during the week.
The reports of all committees, with the
recommendations made therein, were sent
to the committee on resolutions after they
had been read to the convention and the
last named committee embodied the sug
gestions that met with the favor of the
convention in their final report.
The text of the resolution reported by
the committee and finally adopted by the
convention concerning the Chinese exclu
sion act is as follows:
\u25a0Whereas, The Chinese exclusion act, so call
ed, is about to expire; and
Whereas, Upon Its expiration, unless Congress
shall enact another law of similar-purview, this
country, and particularly the Pacific States and
Territories, will at once be flooded with Chi
nese; and
the Immediate purposes of the as
sociation vrore Bet forth in no uncertain
terms and by electing officers of the next
year. Tho officers elected are: President,
E. C. Voorheis of Amador County: first
vice president, Frederick Zeitler of Ne
vada County; second vice president, Lewis
E. Aubury of Los Angeles; third vice
president, M. E. Dittmar of Shasta Coun
ty; secretary, E. H. Benjamin of San
Francisco; treasurer, S. J. Hendy of San
Francisco. They constituted the old
board of officers and were re-elected, with
the addition of M. E. Dittmar, .who occu
pies the efflce of third vice president,
which was created by amendment of the
by-laws cf the association, so that the
northern counties, about to form a Miners'
Association of Northern California, might
receive proper recognition in the State
body.
The more important aims of the asso
ciation that were mentioned in the reso
lutions that were adopted are easily sum
marised. The demand for a national. De
partment of Mines and Mining was re
newed. A national law was asked for to
provide for the location of 160 acres of
petroleum-bearing land as a placer claim
and to give the locator an opportunity to
make technical discovery of mineral as a
precedent for location. A national law
was also asked for to throw the burden
of proof in a contest in the United States
Land Office, between a scripper and
miner, upon the scripper. The restrain
ing works for the Yuba River were "ap
proved and additional restraining works
upon the tributaries of the f Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers were advocated to
enable miners to provide for the resump
tion of hydraulic mining in all parts of
the State adapted thereto.
Once more the passage of the mineral
lands bill was urged and it was voted to
send a representative of the mining inter
ests of California to Washington in that
connection if the executive committee
should approve. The executive committee
was instructed to defend a case properly
brought to test the Caminetti law. Bring
ing persons before the Federal Grand
Jury, who falsely make non-mineral af
fidavits for the purpose of fraudulently
procuring title to mineral lands, was de
clared a purpose of the association. A na
tional forest patrol, reserving from sale
all public forests and the enaptment of
State penal laws to protect forests from
tires were strongly advocated. The
amendment of the Federal statutes to pre
vent the prolonged holding of mining
claims without the performance of annual
assessment work w4s also favored.
Chinese Get Attention.
THE annual work of the California
Miners' Association was rounded
up yesterday afternoon by the
adoption of resolutions in which
Enthusiasm Rises
When Proceedings
Find Culm nation
Congressmen Speak
to Delegates of the
Mineral Counties
Suggestions That "Petticoat"
Influence Has Been
Tremendous Excitement
Caused by Dismissal
ofBuller.
Many Live Issues
Are Embodied in
Platform Framed
Convention Throws
Hats in Air to
Honor President
Lightship Off Nant\icket
Has a Disastrous
Experience.
BRITONS TALK
OF SIR REDVERS
MINERS ADOPT RINGING RESOLUTIONS
AND ADJOURN AFTER ANNUAL ELECTION
STORM DRIVES
VESSEL ADRIFT
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALIi, ; THURSDAI;; OGTOBEE 24, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Tho ESgtsffs&r P&§3
Of the American working man is gen-
erally well filled. In some cases it is
too well filled. It contains too many
kinds of food, and very often the food is
of the wron<j kind— hard to digest and
containing little nutri-
tior. As a conse- 6§tsB. \
cjuence many a work- ff~^^*
ing man develops some %*& $
form of stomach jfo :
trocble which inter- j^J V.
feres with his health x^r$$3ife*s.
and reduces his work- £*t JzttjfwpZi
ing capacity. lgtf'dfc(MjP&
Where there Wiftmmk.
is indigestion or r JS- i^if^^x&p
any other indi- j-J LSJ p$W£§£?£
cation of dis- Mr~~^W j, V^i'^J^
ease of the stom- \J ft i| i^MpMW
ccb and its \ V (i^SS^
alliexi organs of \ TJSmlfitni
digestion and nu- N^V^SSaj
trition, the use of /
Dr. Pierce's Golden / 1 |$S
Mecical Discovery / 'm \ \ t-^M
•will almost invan- • / f \ &-§!
e.bl y produce a per- / ,^J IV (ijjjrg
feet and perman- y^L«y I
ent cure. Wre \^s 3
Mr. Thomas A. *Ev'J fe*5A
S watts, of Substation jjW K£ill
.C. Columbus, O., Box ««» TwT |
ic3, writes : " I was 1 *l la I
taken with severe I 1 VI \
head iche. then cramps r * *
in the stomach, and •
ray food would cot dijyest. then kidney and
liver trouble and my back got weak so I could
scarcely get around. At last I had all the com-
plaiats'at once, the more I doctored the worse I
got until six years passed. I had become so
. poorly I coula only walk in the house by the
eid of a chair, and I got so thin I had /riven up
to du. thinking that I could not be cured. Then
one of my neighbors said, • Take my advice and
take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
mak«- a new roan out of yourself.* The first .
bottle helped me so I thought I would get.
another, and after I had taken eight bottles in
obout 6ix weeks, I was weighed, and found I
had jained twenty-seven (27) pounds. . I am as
ttout and healthy to-day, I think, as I ever was."
Fb.EE. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
/ Med:ral Adviser, paper covers, is sent free
\on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y. . y
! over our files of cus- ' ~~Z~--- i —>-- T .^^-g^jll^^,
I tomers who have pur- '
order suits and go to . \
them and ask how they liked the suit,- their
answers invariably would te: "Why, it's a first-
rate suit — has worn well— in fact, much better
than I thought it; would, considering the price.
. . Don't you know, Iused to think a man had to
• .pay a pretty steep price in* order to get a good suit
made to order.but I have found that this suit for \
$10 is just about what I want. Seems to me as if r
it fits av well as a high-priced suit Anyway, I
v am satisfied."
. : '•\u25a0.''.
: : We are so positive that our $10 made-to-order
suits will prove satisfactory that we offer the cus-
i utomer the .privilege of his money back at any time
should he think the suit not worth the price. In
, addition to a good suit you get protection besidef.
You know we always make any necessary repairs
I free within a year. . ~/J" : • :
s , Samples of these $10 made-to-ordersuits are '
• Suits satis fae'. orily made to mzasxore for oz&t~of-
. town customers through our self-measuring system— '•
write for samples. ,
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell and Eddy.-Miss Helen Stubbs,; the maid of honor,
wore a beautiful gown of cream net over
cream taffeta. The gown was elaborately
trimmed with lace. A . stunning hat of
cream lace and Immense '\u25a0- white 'plumes
lent the' finishing touches to the costume
The bridesmaids, Miss Gertrude Parker',
over all things, within the First Presby
terian Church all was light and gay.
There were bright flowers and gorgeous
palms, beautiful -women, a most generous
sprinklinjg of handsome men and a mag
nificent display of beautiful gowns and
stunning hats. The floral decorations of
the church, while simple, were in most
exquisite taste. Magnificent palms made
a most effective • background for the
chancel, while tall, white chrysanthe
mums sprang gracefully from the midst
of a rich tangle of green. Two hearts
(a&hioried of pink roses peeped forth from
the center of all this wealth of flora.
. The wedding guests began to arrive
early, and it was hardly more than half
after 1 when every seat of the church was
occupied.
There was a hush In the crowded edi
fice when, stepping to the sweet strains
of the Lohengrin bridal march the brides
maids came from the vestry and. march
ing down the center aisle went to meet the
bride. The procession was then re-formed,
the ushers leading the way, followed. by
the bridesmaids, who in turn were fol
lowed by the' maid of honor. The bride,
leaning on the arm of her father, closed
the bridal procession. As the bride ap
proached the altar the groom, Harrison
Magowen Parker, came to meet her. Un
like the majority of grooms he was not
sedate and serious. He \u25a0 approached the
lady of his choice quickly and eagerly,
while his face was lighted with a happy
smile. •
Dr. J. E. Stubbs, president of the' Ne
vada University and uncle of the bride,
performed the ceremony, assisted by Dr.
Mackenzie, the pastor of the church. After
the ceremony a reception was held' at the
heme of the bride's parents, , Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Stubbs. on Pacific avenue. The
magnificent residence :• was aglow with
rich blossoms and while there. were flow
ers everywhere there was no set form of
decorations. . .
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
white tulle, embroidered at the hem in
white forget-me-nots. , Tiny ruffles edged
with white . silk finished off the long
trained skirt. The corsage was trimmed
with an exquisite berthe of duchesse lace.
Leave for N"ew York Home.
Sun Shines While
They Pledge
Devotion.
appointed hour. Then followed a per
iod extending down to to-day's weddings
of strictest punctuality. Now fashion is
repeating Itself and pretty Edith Stubb3
marched to the altar yesterday fully fif
teen minutes later than the hour the in
vitations called for.
Despite the fact that out of doors a
threatening, lowering sky cast a gloom
IT. is no longer fashionable for brides
to be on time. Some years ago it was
deemed very bad form for a bride to
•walk down the center aisle at- the
By Sally Sharp.
Miss Stubbs Weds
H. M. Parker of
New York.
Special Bates
For side rides to'points'on the Santa Fe
fuinnformation call at Santa #1 ««i and
641 Market St., and Siy'dSjo? ° fflcea '
I noticed any number of beautiful gowns
at the' wedding. Mrs. Stubbs, the nand-
Mr. and Mrs. Parker left last . evening
for the East, en route to their future home
in . New York. Mr. Parker ' is business
manager of. Colllerts -Weekly, 1 published in
the Empire C^y. :- ; - .
Miss Charlotte Field, Miss Ethel Parker,
Miss Irene Baker of Oakland, Miss Ethel
Cooper and Miss Margaret Salisbury,
were attired alike in gowns of pink chif
fon over pink silk. Both skirts and waists
were trimmed with an insertion of cream
colored lace. Pretty white hats titlted to
the side and finished off with, white
plumes and a knot of pink were worn.
The groom was - attended . by Charles
Crawford, who officiated t as - best • man.
William Smith, Isaac Upham,- John New
lands, Wallace Everett, Walter Gibbons
and George Sargent of- Chicago officiated
as ushers. * \u25a0"•%\u25a0" . .
THE Doctor's Daughters held a
business meeting yesterday \u25a0.morn
ing and inside of one hour got rid
of a whole lot of urgent business.
*411 the boxes were reported sold, with the
exception of the big one, which will hold
twenty people, and for. which the price
asked is $100. There are still some loges
to be had for the price.
It was decided that, at a date yet to be
announced, a box plan would be opened at
the Sherman & Clay Hall and there hold-
Mr. andMrs. E. W.- Hopkins, Mr; and Mrs ;
Edgar J. de Pue, Mr. and Mrs. J.K. Wilson'
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Dr. • and Mrs'
. Among those " present " at : the wedding
were the following named:- -. • .. . °
• \u25a0 *\u25a0\u25a0, •
• Every '•' one •- in " the -church 'yesterday
whether superstitious or. otherwise, sighed
a deep and happy sigh when," Just as the
final .words were spoken, the gloom with
out seemed to lift and a bright ; line of
sunshine came streaming in through the
great stained glass windows just \u25a0 across
from the chancel. '. - \u25a0 \u25a0
Lighted by. Rays of Sun.
over lace. and trimmed with a stock: and
girdle of panne velvet,- shading like the
rainbow from a faint blue to deep purple.
I never saw Sophie Pierce in a more
becoming hat than the one. she wore yes
terday. . It was .pf black; velvet, 'turned
off the face. - Its. only, trimming was a
quill and rosette of gold. ,..>,.
sisted by Miss Ella Morgan, Miss Therese
Morgan, Miss Sophie Pierce, Miss
Spreckels,' Mrs. Horace- Pillsbury, Mrs.
Samuel \u25a0 Knight, Miss . Edith Pillsbury,
Miss Redmond, Miss Leontine Blakeman.
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Kate May
Dillon and Miss Ardella Mills. - .
. When the show is over I am: sure the
Doctor's Daughters will owe Miss Jennie
Blair a standing vote of , thanks. '. She has'
been doing wonderful work and . there is
not one committee that she has; not as
sisted, either with advice or actual work.
• Miss Gertrude Whitaker . wore a dainty
gown of blue crepe de chine, trimmed with
tulle of a corresponding shade j and point
deVenice lace. . . -/
I •' thought - that . Miss Olive Holbrook's
gown was quite the most handsome *one I
had seen for many a day. : It was of all-
ers of boxes could make their' choice. It
is a question of first come, first served.
Mrs.. Wakefleld Baker, who is the chair
man of the refreshment-table, has secured
the .assistance of' all the season's de
butantes. .At her table in the afternoon
will be Miss Jean Nokes,'. Miss Louise
Redington, Miss Noonan,*. Miss Pearl
Landers, Miss Ediths Huntington, Miss
Helen Dean and Miss Helen Thomas, all
buds,,wlth a season of gayety still before
them. - . \u25a0 • . \u25a0
In the evening Mrs. . Baker will be as-
Eome mother of the bride, wore an "elegant
gown of white satin and an overdress of
black chantilly. / • : ; \u25a0\u25a0•*\u25a0- /
| " Miss" Beulah Stubbs '\u25a0\u25a0 looked extremely
pretty in a light blue embroidered chiffon
gown,' trimmed with white lace. ; A large
white hat with long black plume was also
worn.: .-. ,*•\u25a0... \u25a0 . . -\u25a0 < t '\u25a0 ;. ... ;
Mrs. H.;A; Whitaker, aunt of, the bride!
received many compliments - apropos of
her handsome gown and repeated again
and again that it vwas > not an imported
dress,, but was made in one of our leading
local workrooms. • Mrs. Whltaker's gown
was of black crepe de chine, made over
white taffeta and trimmed with insertions
of black lace. '\u25a0 •:"*' \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0 » . \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0_. ...
After the marriage ceremony a nuDtial
mass was celebrated by Father Me
Namee, who was assisted by Father H7n
nessey Carriages conveyed the wedding
party to the home of the bride's parent!
on Soquel avenue, where a wedding brlak ?
fast wa« served. > .««"*«« oreaK-
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 23.— William Wil
liams, eldest son of ; Mr. and Mr. D. Wil
liams, and Miss Margaret Mdrrisey, only
daughter of Mr. and"*Mrs. Patrick Mor
risey, were married in the Catholic church
here this morning. The church altars had
been elaborately decorated by. members of
the Sodality of the Children of Mary, of
which the bride is a past president. The
bridal party was met at the entrance by
Father McNamee and attending acolytes.
While It proceeded up the aisle of the
church Mendelssohn's "Wedding March"
was 'played by Mrs. J. Kerlin. /
The bride was gowned. in a navy blue
tailor, suit and carried a bouquet of
white » carnations. The bridesmaid Mis*
Nora. Powers, a cousin of the bride car
ried pink carnations. The groomsman
was Robert Williams; a brother of the
groom. -•. - . .;. . . . .
William Williams and Miss Margaret
Morrisey Begin a Life Part-'
nership. .-
SANTA CKTTZ • * CM U itCH
y -SCENE OE '.-WEDDING
Doctor's Daughters Perfecting Arrangements for the Great
Show — All the Debutantes Will Assist Mrs. Baker
With the Refreshment Booth.
SOCIETY BRIDE AND PROMINENT DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS WHO ARE IN CHARGE OF THE DOLL SHOW TO
BE HELD AT THE PALACE, NOVEMBER 8 AND 9, -AND WHO ARE WORKING HARD TO MAKE THE EN
TERTAINMENT A FINANCIAL. AS WELL AS A SOCIAL SUCCESS.;' V' ..
First orize. Michael O. Mahoney; second
prize. M. J. Connolly; third prize, James
O'Leary.
A medal -was also awarded to William
F. Egan for an original poem in Gaelic
There was an entertainment after the
presentation.
Gaelic I*eagno Presents Handsome
Trophies to Students Who Com
peted on Admission Day.
Medals of honor were' "presented last
evening- to the students of the Gaelic
League who won prizes Jn the essay con
tests _held' at Glefi 1 Park on -Admission
day. ' There was^a large attendance In
Knights of Red Branch Hall, and as the
successful students received their re
wards they were heartily applauded.
In the absence of Colonel Thomas F.
Barry, president of the Celtic Union, Vice
President J. J. Canlffe presided. Ad
dresses were delivered by Thomas F. Al
ford, John Mulhern. William F. Mulvin.
Jeremiah Deasy, R. C. O'Connor, John
Ganey and Thomas F. Searey.
The winners were:
ESSAYISTS REWARDED
WITH. GOLD TvrpmAT.R
gowns it has ever been ray good fortune
to see. It was made entirely of Point
d'Alencon over white silk. A large picture
hat of the same lace as the gown and
covered with white plumes completed the
costume. She carried an exquisite shower
bouquet of lilies of the valley, tied with,
streamers of white tulle.
- Mr. and Mrs. Stinson left last evening
for an extended southern tour. On their
return they will make their home with
the bride's parents.
The bride Is the only daughter ot Mr.
and Mrs. C. V. Meyerstein. She is an ex
tremely beautiful girl, talented and ac
complished. Mr. Stinson is the paying
teller of the Anglo-California Bank.
Arrayed in Gown of LaCe, Miss
Meyerstein Becomes Mrs.
William Stinson.
•STOCKTON, Oct. 23.— The _ election of
officers occupied most of the morning ses
sion "'_ot 'the- Woman's Christian Temper
ance' Union Convention to-day. For State
president Mrs. Sturtevant Feet was elect
ed to succeed herself, getting 110 out of
the 157 votes on the first ballot; recording
secretary, Mrs. Annie Little Barry; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs.- Dorcas J. Spen
cer; treasurer, Mrs. Emily Hoppin; audi
tor, Mrs. Blanche English.
Except in the case of, vice president at
large, there was no contest, w hen j the
ballot was announced Mrs. Bidwell, who
had received sixty-six votes, withdrew,
saying that her health would not permit
of her taking an office. A second ballot
was ordered, Mrs. Samuel J. Dorr being
elected by a large majority.
Mrs. C. M. Ayers was elected first vice
president and Mrs. Abbie'Estes of Stock
ton second vice president.:
For delegates to the national conven
tion, to be held at Fort Worth, Tex., Mrs.
L.. A. Morrison of San Francisco, Mrs.
Laugenour of "Woodland and Mrs. - L. F.
Kingr of Contra Costa were chosen. The
other five delegates will.be appointed by
the State officers.
State Woman's Christian Temperance
-> .Union Convention Names New
: ' : '. : ;V ''.\u25a0; •; \u25a0- \u25a0 Officers.^ '.. •"•-•.. -' U
MBS. STTTRTEVANT PEE7T ,
r - RE-ELECTED ' PRESIDENT
The bride v ; was unattended. Joseph
Charles •Meyerstein, her brother, acted as
best man. ; \u25a0\u25a0";*.,
The bride wore one of the handsomest
Voorhies and daughters," Dr. and Mrs. Rlchter.
Mr. and Mra. Al Bouvler.; Judge and Mrs. Van
Vleet, Mr. "and Mrs. '.Alfred Holman, Mr. and
Mrs. .Upham, Mr., and Mrs. Charles Webb
Howard, Charles N.. Felton, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
win Goodall, Mr. 1 and Mrs.. J. D. .Grant. Mr.
and Mrs. .Adanv Grant, Edward M. -Greenway,
Mr. and Mrs. Hall McAllister, • Prince and
Princess Ppniatowski, Mr." and Mrs. William
H. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Crocker. -Mr.
and' Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Captain and Mrs.
Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Rolla'V.. Watt, General
and Mrs. T. H. Goodman. Dr. and Mrs. It,.
C. Davis, Mr. and- Mrs. Horace G. Davis, Dr.
and Mrs >_HntslnpiHer, Mr. and Mrs. Sydney,
M. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. r>. Spreckels. Mr.
and Mrs. Frederick \V. Zelle, J. "VW Byrne,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Grow, Mr. and Mrs.-
J. J, Valentine, Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King,
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, Dr. and Mrs.
Matthew Gardner, Dr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Brlgham, Mr. and Mrs. A. Cheseboro and
daughters, Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Green, Ma
jor and Mrs. G. H. Wheaton, Mr. - and Mrs.
Clinton E. "Worden. Mrs. A. N. Towne. Mr.
and Mrs. R. A. Donaldson and the Misses Don
aldson, Mrs. James Horsburgh, Mr. and Mrs.
H. K Judah, Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Huntington.
Mr. and Mrs. .C. M. Hays, Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Kruttschnltt. Mr. < and Mrs. WiUiam Herrin.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Fillmore and Miss Fillmorc,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills, General Shatter,
Colonel Rawles, H. G. Platt, Mr. and Mrs. E.
O. McCormlck, William Sproule, Mr. and Mrs.
William Luce, Mrs. Margaret Salisbury, Mr.
and Mrs. Irving M. Scott. Henry Scott. Mr.
and Mrs. Newton Foster, Mr, and Mrs. G. F.
Richardson, Mr; and Mrs. J. B. Wright, Mr.
and Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Rus
sell Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Lathrop,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Lathrop. -H. E. Hunt
ington, Mrs. Stanford, Mr. and Mrs. E. F.
Preston, Dr. and Mrs. Mackenzie, Mr. Myer of
Ohio.
©"WING to the recent serious ill
ness of the bride's mother, only
relatives witnessed the wedding
. of Mlsa Cofa Virginia Meyerstein
and William Henry Stinson, celebrated
yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
C. V. Meyerstein, on Octavia street.
5 Dr. Mackenzie performed the ceremony,
the happy pair standings in a bower of
giant palms. ":"-"-- \u25a0 • *- ; " \u25a0 \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 19O3v
ORANGE BLOSSOMS CROWN TWO POPULAR BELLES;
ONE IS WEDDED AT HOME, THE OTHER IN CHURCH
4
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, 3A.
Send for our free book, and write
our physicians; about your case.
Medical advice free.
•f^'J 3 *. 11 - Kell y.°' Urbana.O y -writes:
"I had Eczema on mjr hand» and face for
five years. It would break out in. little
white pustules, crusts- would form and
drop off, leaving: the skin red and inflam-
ed. The doctors did me no good. I used
all the medicated soaps and salves without
benefit. 8. S. S. cured me, and my skin
is as clear and smooth as any one's."
Mrs. Henry Siegfried, of Cape May, W.'
J., ears that twenty-one bottles of S. S. S.
cured her of Cancer of the breast. Doc-
tors and friends thought her case hope-
less. ,. ;. , ". £',\u25a0/'\u25a0
Richard T. Gardner, Florence, B.C.,
suffered foryears with Boils. Two bot-
tles of S. S. S. put his blood in good con-
ditioa and the Soils disappeared.
The liability to disease is greatly-
lessened when the blood is in good con-
dition, and the circulation healthy and
vigorous. For then all refuse ma&er
is promptly carried out of the system ;
otherwise it would rapidly accumulate
—fermentation would take place, the
blood become polluted and the consti-
tution so weakened that a simple
malady might result seriously.
A healthy, active circulation means
good digestion and strong, healthy
nerves.
As a blood purifier and tonic S. S. S.
has no equal. It is the safest and best
remedy for old -people and children
because it contains no minerals, but is
made exclusively of roots and herbs.
No other remedy so thoroughly and
effectually cleanses the blood of im-
S^^ i^^"purities. At the
KT^I Qni same time it builds
U P *^ e weak and de-
WgjMkJjp bilitated, and reno-
ij^gr.mfcS^ vates the entire sys-
tem. It cures permanently all manner
of blood and skin troubles.
Forewarned?
Forearmed B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
FROM A TO Z
Our laundry work is Indicative of what
unlimited facilities and expert workers
can accomplish. You don't want less than
the best when the cost is no higher than
the ordinary and if we have your work
you'll not get it
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlca,— 54 San Pablo Ave.
THROW TOUB TRUSS Afl£Y.
RUPT IJRE^fem&L
CURED jjBl >
BY FIDELITY METHOD. fiiwi ii
We Cnre-Poiltlve-Per. WlByBBL gjj
nianent- -and Guarantee \u25a0oBB.TnSafTw
for Life. We mean what we MflranSKmu
wy. We can cure jon. 12,00© tvi'SsSbXX'
cam in last 7 years. Wa core in ISEWMrCPk
60 days without pain or loss of HBHH
tirae. Successful on men. women E£sctVV^£m
and . children. , No chance for \u25a0aRgS&C?!
NO PAY UNTIL CURED ®^ U
Testimonials at onr oflico or f9| WiJ\ * 3
references furnished on applica- feSI 15^ a »
tion. All patients must come to Qf*f f|ja \u25a0 S
this office for prof e jsionai atten- WB1 \ Kjj 3 i
FIDELITY RUPTURE CUBE, "Jil
\ Btom 4, *6« KewnyEt. . f 5 *^
WEAK MEN!
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR A-
TOR stops all losses In 2i C*\*"l'»'\3
hours. You feel the Improvement R&S^^SfeS
from the first dose. We have so mum ***S
much confidence in our treatment j FJ
that we offer five hundred reward CTpS PJS
for any case we cannot cure. This *M» f**tn
secret remedy cures Emissions, J'.U IjXi
Impotency, Varicocele, Gonor- SB M£fl
rhoea. Strictures. Gleet, Drains. KJa**-— 4?y\3
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects ot
\u25a0elf-abuae or excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle 1
S bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case.CaJ>
or "address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. -Also for sale at
1073% Market it.. S. P. All private dlaease*
Quickly cured. Send for free tools.LAWYER METSON, WHO TES
TIFIED REGARDING JUDGE
NOTES' PECULIAR METHODS.
Mtist Go to Manila.
Otptain Henry R. Patterson, Third Cav
alry, vho has been on duty in this de
partment, has been ordered to join his
regi-ment, -which ls operating In the prov
inces of Northern Luzon.
JUDGE McLAUGHLIN of Minne
sota received a liberal 'education
in mining at the afternoon hear
ing of the Nome contempt cases,
. and it was W. H. Metson of San
Francisco who played the part of teacher.
The Judge confessed ignorance of min
ing processes and customs. Metson said
he knew the very "pulse of the life and
laws" of the mines,: and as the Judge
was willing to learn and Metson happy to
Instruct, the lesson went on.
The San Francisco attorney -was on the
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday overruled the demurrer in the
cas«! of W. J. Kent, as administrator, vs.
the Union Transportation Company to re
cover $50,000 damages for the drowning of
three men in a collision between the
steamer Dauntless and two launches on
the San Joaquin River.
Must Go to TriaL
Mat bias. Frank P. "Waynes, S. B., LI*. B. ;
Walter, John C. Mulrenen, A. B.. LL. B. ;
"War.8, Joseph Karry. A- B.. 1JL. B. ; Christian,
James- C. O'Donn-ell: doctor and mesmerist,
John Zj. Jaunet, A. B., LL. B. ; president of
the court, Richard D. Blake; notary, Thomas
J. I.ycon: clerk, Oscar Thieme; Jury, Messi-s.
D. Campbell. R. Sheehan. J. Sheehan. J. Val
*ntlJie: gendarmes, Messrs. F. Kast, J3. Butler;
the Jew. M. L. ICealj" peasants. Messrs. J.
Dolan. E. Thieme, J. Warren, J. Heagerty, J.
Lomrgan. R. Valentine, La Violett Hefferaan
and F. Silva.
Tills well known and popular organiza
tion contains some of the best talent, out-
Bide of professional ranks, in the city,
and the proceeds, being for the benefit of
the sodality, the friends of the young
Thespians are looking forward to a grand
success. Rehearsals have been held often
for the last two months under the direc
ticr. of the Rev. Father Hick, S. J.
Music will be furnished by the John
Harquardt Orchestra. Some excellent
sing-ing by the Elks' Quartet and Signor
Angelo Spadina will be a feature of the
occasion. Following is the cast:
The Dramatic Club of the Gentlemen's
Sod:ality of St. Ignatius Church is mak
ing elaborate preparations for the pre
sentation of the beautiful drama, "The
Bells," in conjunction with a grand mu
fical entertainment at the college hall.
Van Xess avenue, on Wednesday even
ing:, October 30. l . - "
"The Bells" to Be Enacted at the Col
lege Hall on "Wednesday Even
ing of Next Week.
ST. IGNATIUS SODALITY
T<J PRESENT A DBAMA
General Ludington is of the opinion that
hen«after none of the big transports will
stop at Honolulu on the way to Manila.
The srnaHer vessels will stop at Hawaii,
but the larger ones will go via Guam. The
general is accompanied by his wife and
will leave for Washington in a day or so.
In China and Japan, where I met many men
who had observed the soldiers of the United
Statss. I found that there were only good words
for them, as to their appearance, equipment
and action. In fact, they made an excellent
impression upon every one who observed them.
o 1^* < 06t trip and found
earthing in excellent condition Jn so far &*
\™ , P i? SfSJ ls - Mnceme(1 - 1 have been away
Irom the Philippines for a month, and so can
on'y speak of what was. the condition at that
time. As I observed affairs, there seemed ever*
reason to believe that there would be little
irouDle in the country, in fact all was practi
cally quiet according. to the reports. The af
lalr or the other day In which a company of
men was ambushed Is 6omethingr of which I
was very sorry to hear, and wnSch was of
course entirely unexpected.
Tbe condition of the army In the islands is
very gwod. The men are in good shape and the
Farrlsons are well cared for and in good health.
Every one seemed to be of this opinion and
our Investigations indicated that there was lit
tle Thich could be done to better the condi
tions for the soldiers. The service of the
tran:iports ls as good as it can be. and the
ehlpii are In excellent condition for the service.
Thene seems to-be a good service between the
portsi of dispatch and also between the islands.
General Ludington has been on a tour
of Inspection and is more than satisfied
with the way things arc being conducted
at Manila. Talking about his tour he said
yesterday:
Brigadier General Marshall I. Luding
ton. quartermaster general of the United
Stat ;s army, arrived from the Philippines
via China and Japan yesterday. E General
Lonj; and Captains Barneson and Batchel
der of the transport service were down to
meet him and took him uptown as soon us
the City o -.felting docked.
Officer Returns From a Tour
of the Philippine
Islands.
So Declares Quartermas
ter General M. I.
Ludington.
MEN AT FRO NT
WELL CARED FOR
Horrible Deatt; of Avittorio- Qhio 3e
.'..': fore the Eyes of ; His Helpless
: ? ' -.'Motlier.- •••-\u25a0. - : . '.' - ; "v » \u25a0:\u25a0
\u25a0 Avlttorio , Ghio, -the " three-year-old son
of] Mrs. 'Mary. Ghio, was * instantly , killed
at -noon.. yesterday ; by falling ..': out of " a
third-story window of .the building at tha
southwest' corner of Montgomery j avenue
and^ Bay street.",. . . : . r .
.Mrs.. Ghio 'was preparing : the .midday
meal- and-thad placed the child In a chair
at i j the/ 7 - window, '\u25a0 which \u25a0-\u25a0 was -- open, .but
guarded' with '. a wire screen,*fastened-on
the jipside ;with' a hook. - Tie" child un
fastened :therhook and; leaned' out of the
window to look at 'something in the street
and lost his. balance, falling" to the side
walk v and * being Skilled \u25a0". instantly. The
mother, caught .sight. of frock
Just as it was disappearing, and ran to
save "him; but was ; too late. =\u25a0 .t ' .
New Clerk Sworn In.
| Miss \u25a0Winifred Trevelllck iwas sworn in
yesterday : by United ' States ' Commissioner
Manley as clerk to the United States At
torney. '\u25a0'"\u25a0\u25a0; - ; " -."'•\u25a0 - \u25a0"' v i \u25a0 \u25a0 : \u25a0':\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0 ' \u25a0
THBEE- YEAR-OLD \ BOY /
/FALLS THBEJE STORIES
t -, y. \ Geary Enters thie Case. . - '
Judge Maguire finished his cross-exami
\u25a0 hation, and , ; Pillsbury ; . resumed the
• catechism. ,.; . \u25a0 • ; .
• "When - did ' Geary tell . you : that * he advised
McKenzie to; comply?" asked Pillsbury...
; "In October." > - -. ,; \u25a0\u25a0 -,':.. ».
-\u25a0: The writs .arrived; September. 14, but in
the meantime Geary had argued -that the
writ was. invalid. It was after. the. arrest
of "McKenzie -that he /announced to Met
. son that \u25a0 his * advice to - McKenzie was to
"deliver .the gold dust^ .'• ' .;..-* .. '
". Continuing, Metson said: ' -; : '
Geary told me before ' the arrest that Mc-
Kenzie was ; going • to make : a 1 fight and that
. blood would be shed If I made a fight He
hUso advised me to have patience.:.! prepared
for this , fight, ' having j had warning. , ; ; \u25a0 - - .'
'! McLaughlin theh took \u25a0 up \u25a0 the cross-ex
aminationi-He-wanted-to know of Metson
if certain papers appeared of record in the
Anvil Creek cases. Metson replied: 2
\u25a0 "1 1 do not know, when registers have pages
cut out and papers are not filed." •, :
-, "You had access -to the files, did you not?",
asked McLaughlin. ... \u25a0 ;..... .; .
Metson took this as,, an, insult' and told
McLaughlin so.- He .went; further and
gave an instance of a discovery of a sub
stituted leaf- in'the'register. After a'few
moments "Metsoti'saidhe^ had no Intention
to be at cross with j Judge Mc-
Laughlin,' the latter breathed amity \u25a0 and
the contretemps came to an end. -,..\u25a0'•\u25a0
\u25a0 Metson explained '• later ; that' the only
way to ' find ; out r that " an ; order \ was . filed
was to examine the j files themselves. {
. The cases will- go on to-day at 10 o'clock.
"We went outside,' '. said Metson, - "and \u25a0- I
went to his office with him. "He then said he
didn't care for any trouble."." ...- :
'.'How much gold dust did you : recover from
the- vaults after McKenzie's arrest?'"
"About" $116,000."/ ' ; ; ' jr .-\u25a0.,-•
, \u25a0' An" Inquiry; into the health of McKenzie
caused the courtroom to wake up. Pills
bury admitted it was asked only for in
formation.- Heney suggested that it was
for. the newspapers, ; ex-Judge Maguire
asked if- It! reflected contempt In any way
and McLaughlin looked, wise' and- smiled
and; then drankica water. •.'. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 In r the' course of his .testimony Metson
'mentioned the advice that Tom Geary was
supposed to have: given McKenzie | con
cerning the writs..' Judge - "Maguire, as
'Geary's 'attorney,- asked . Metson a few
questions in regard to Geary' s ' connection
with ;the case. Metson : said that it- was
through Geary's advice the gold dust was
delivered by McKenzie. - . ?. '
'.Metson 'said' in regard to this:
' Geary . kept cautioning' me. not' to get -mixed
up and' provoke bloodshed as he would try to
induce McKenzie to peaceably, comply with the
writ. He was 1 fearful lest I should get - shot
and . that " half, a dozen others would also i£
violence . was attempted. . - . ' • .
i. Mr. \u25a0• Brooks - was a ; nativeof Liverpool,"
England, "and belonged •; to 'a
family, j When cut '; a ' lad, 1 he came ' to the
United States and in the early '60s "volun
teered > as I a ; private ' in the Union army
and ; fought^ ..for' the -stars ' and -'stripes
through the ; war' of the \u25a0rebellion.^ At the
clo^e of j the; struggle ; he was honorably!
discharged and ; was. appointed 'a. civil
clerk .in the ..War Department, : In which
'position he remained until \u25a0 his r death." At
the outbreak of ;the • conflict^ between the
United States and Spain he acted as "civil
secretary • to p General i Howard g and later
accompanied General Merritt to the Phil
ippines. "While v there « he was -kept - very
busily '. employed . and \u25a0> his close attention
to his duties impaired'.his health seriously
and \u25a0 his stomach became ' affected. When
he returned < to : this - city - he was broken
down* j in .'constitution, .: but; refused., to
absent'-- himself from his regular . duties.
Last Tuesday while, in his office he com
plained to his friend; Joseph Slye, an at
torney, that he was not feeling, well.' "^
At 8 o'clock in' the evening his condition
became worse and Day was calledand
wrote him * a '• prescription. During \u25a0 the
night his condition remained \u25a0 unchanged
and at 7 o'clock in the morning he died.
Mr. Brooks has wealthy sisters living in
Somerset, England. His father was at one
time. Lord, Mayor, of Liverpool.. The body,
was removed',to- the » Morgue, and an in
quest .will be held. \u2666,, >;.; ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0" •
P_ Lionel Brooks,' a j civil * clerk in the ; War
Department headquarters in'this: city; died
suddenly, af 7, o'clock this j morning at his
residence, 1427: Larkin street. i tj He had been
ailing but a short time and his death was
altogether, unexpected by ; his f riends.'- i - .
Son of a Former Lord Mayor
of Live rpool and Union •
':-'\u25a0 •' : "'• ' ; ' ; •• ; '-'-Veteran. -' ' ; :,..'-\u25a0 -\u25a0 f
Army Glerk of Thirty-
Six Years' Service
; ; Passes: Away. [\u25a0\u25a0 '."
LIONEL BROOKS
DIES SUDDENLY
•'"Did you have any other, conversation with
Judge Noyes?" . ' , • / , \u25a0
"I called on him on the t night of ' September
14. The .writs arrived in the afternoon." , I .went
to see Judge Noyes and found him' in bed.; He
was ill. I told him, I wanted an order to put
the writs, into effect. He said: 'I can do noth
ing; I shall -make no order.:. It isn't within my
province to /do; so." You , must fight ' this ,' out
among yourselves.' '.The next evening -I called
on him again and'I told him therul wanted an
order to carry out the writs.' He said: !I talked
with McKenzie this afternoon and have "come
to the conclusion that the writs are void.';. Mrs.'
Noyes : was In the room ; and the t Judge' then
said that there was evidence of very; great haste
on my part. \u2666 I had an order with me, but he
said he would make one out in- the; morning.
I left my form of . order with hlm.'.Vr .;."*".\u25a0
.; The witness then '\u25a0 I told .'-. how* he .' had
\u25a0served copies of the writs upon McKenzie
and all concerned. , '. ,'
."McKenzie told -me he would ; do : the - right
thing. •• I . told him the only thing to do was to
turn' over the dust and. properties and he said
he would; take. counsel. ".' *•'•*'': . ' :;''.*." :
Knight "here narrated an interview "ho
had with I McKenzie,. which • occurred -• in
the : bank *\u25a0 after * the •: disturbance conse •
quent upon the arrival of. the writs. :He
told how he ground out applications, pe
titions, and affidavits .which he hurled, at
the : court in ord er I to enjoin the"defend
ants and stay all ': proceedings. On Sep
tember 19 he made a sweeping application
for restitution of the gold dust and a gen
eral injunction, but the application was
denied. ; . ';\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0',- " \u25a0 '\u25a0'-^\u25a0}\~:' : r'4~X
Eccentric : Gait of , Justice.
Knight " then : gave i= way to
Metson. > Metson ; was in Nome in • July,
1900,.at:the time of the arrival of Judge
Noyes. '\u25a0 The, story J of How Metson i prose
cuted \the claims of his clients in, the caso
of Chips v vs.'- L<lndeberg was gone over
again and , all \u25a0 Metson's legal and court
relations with •;\u25a0. Judge Noyes were also
brought :out. ]\u25a0!.. \u25a0 ,< - ; '
*""Noyes claimed that I had Imposed upon him
in getting-' an* order: allowing the men working
Discovery .the use of, their tools and other,- priv
ileges,"; said Metson,V'so he revoked the order,
saying that he was going to tie up my people.
He also said, he was going to make an absolute
order.' placing ,\u25a0 McKenzie : In •• full ; control. ; • The
Judge had at that time made the order and be
told an \u25a0; untruth.',;/ Soon ; after ; everything that
was ; movable ; was taken from the ; claims : and
held. by McKenzie. -We could get no redress.".':
;-."What,occurred In regard, to -the bond?"
' '.'It was raised from $5000 first to $45,000. There
was 1250,000 taken : out of Discovery and it was
bearing ; about' $10, COO ; aV day. •\u25a0 Applications " for
Increase of -bonds. were not allowed."- :
v In", -.the 'case Vof \u25a0 Chips ; vs." Lindeberg,
Metson discovered two. papers 1 in' the : Dis
trict Attorney's : office \ that ) were Uabeled
not) to be filed." i He brought the matter to
the I attention " of .'Judge : Noyes j and moved
that the papers be put in' evidence. These
papers were orders found with | the 'rest o£
the \ papers \ in t the ' case and in * substance
are a | stay- of proceedings founded | on I the
receipt -of ; the iwrlt; of supersedeas which
is embodied; in; the i order. -\u25a0\u25a0;
AThese orders were, dated' September:i7;
Metson i first ; had knowledge - of, them\ in
October. : Cop! es '{ of -a; number of the i pa
pers i in • the Chips l- : case '•' were * then \u25a0 pro
ducediand entered in the record. "• . \u25a0. ;<
"'.\u25a0:. Metson r next * - told v\ of ', the > proceedings
taken ; in | the : case I of | the -Discovery r claim
and ' narrated 5 in • detail ; the (• story: of * the
forcible | possession which ,was | subsequent
to ithe"; refusal of * McKenzie - and 'Judge
Noyes to obey the writ.-- Metson made de
mands on] McKenzie on several • occasions
but , was; answered -that • McKenzie : would
first seek .counsel.''' '" : : ; :-y; ,-;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
Metson.; as a 'Fighter.'
'4 In' one of the conversations between' Me-'
Kenzie I and } Metson,' c McKenzie > said t that
he i received vr- anonymous t letters '•; "i and
charged I Metson • with \u25a0; sending^ them: ;' Mc-
Kenzie said: . v. . . 'X \u25a0-. ; -?;...; \u25a0.; ; ..\u25a0\u25a0 .
v i.''IvWiir settle with'. you, outside." • "."-
-'- '-'The motion for ' an -Increase ; of .' bonds ; was
taken up'in September," but no order made'be
fore the writs of supersedeas arrived.". ." • • \u25a0 -
% "After that I made an application to increase
the bonds in the cases in which I was Interested
as an attorney. I also made an application, to
Judge "Noyea for an 'order allowing an appeal,
but this. was denied.; 1: - v
Knight told how he was "engaged in law
practice at ? Nome during ! the memorable
period, that he met Judge Noyes ,, for the
tlrst, time about July, 24, 1900, - and that
they, had "an interview .., of some import
ance 'on that day. 1 v He said: . \u25a0'.- -.\u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0•...•'.
1 • 'I called I on Judge Noyes to have McKenzie
removed from \u25a0 the receivership and was ! ready
with affidavits. '*. I wanted \u25a0 a nearing.y.but ; he
said it ..was , necessary .: for* him , to'^ go .' to ." St.
Michael. I asked for the order," but* he still re
fused, and then I told 1 him. that I would notify
Hubbard." Beeman . & Hume that > I - would | move
the court at 3 o'clock to set aside the order ap
pointing receivers.! At: that time I appeared in
three cases involving 'claims ; on -Anvil - Creek.'
Hume : represented ; the '• other • side, v The | matter
was argued. -I had some (-difficulty/ lii being
heard, • but' insisted. \u25a0\u25a0 No decision \u25a0 was • rendered
on -the , f ojlowlng ; Monday,' as I Judge Noyes ? left
for : > St: = Michael. ? O n his return we a were "ad
vised that the motions were to be reargued. On
August " 2 Duboce and Hume \u25a0 made arguments
in i behalf ' of : the court. The ' motions were ' de
cided adversely, on August - 10. . v. ; ; - v : \u25a0
There was , no ;,• cross-examination a and
the ' witness was' dismissed, ; Attorney
Samuel Knight being next* called .to the
stand. \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0.:. -::>•' »\u25a0-, \u25a0 :'\u25a0',>. \u25a0• iy >: ;;~ • \u25a0
Samuel Knight's : Story.
-Miss James, who was' the stenographer
in the : office of Hubbard, .Beeman. '&
Hume when the papers for McKenzie's
receivership were made out, was the third
witness of -the day. . But a few questions
were asked. The amicus curiae began:
"What, if anything, did you notice about Mc-
Kenzle - while - these papers were' being pre
pared?""- :..-:.\u25a0 .'\u25a0:\u25a0-:: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-=•'\u25a0\u25a0. . ••.v'V-.Vv
"He was In a great rush to get them." .
"You remember the circumstance when Mo-
Kenzle was appointed?" -. .
"Yes." \u25a0 , \u25a0:.•\u25a0•; : f.Vj,
I "Was he In the office on that day?" •• \u25a0 ; \u25a0
-."Yes, '\u25a0\u25a0 In . the morning 1 .: Ha examined. the pa
pers and asked me when I. would be through." v
At the opening of the morning session
C. I*: Vawter was called to the witness
chair for a few questions . from Amicus
Curiae Pillsbury and a short cross-exam
ination by Attorney , McLaughlin. Ths
Colonel May episode and the conversation
Vawter had with Judge Noyes in regard
to the discharge of McKenzie and the
bribe offer of $20,000 if the Judge > wou*d
displace the latter, was threshed over
without ' the ' production of new facts. ;
. .Then W. T. Hume, the first witness
called, . appeared to correct errors in his
testimony, which he characterized as un
intentional. "When it came to -the, cross
examination Francis J.> Heney for the
first time took a hand at the wheel.
McKenzie Bushed Things.
Judge Maguire, -who represents Tom
Geary, took a hand at cross-questioning
Metson on the part that Geary played as
the. counselor of McKenzie. The most
important testimony was that which re
lated to two orders issued by Judge Noyes
with pencil marks calling attention that
they .were not to be filea and the action
of Judge Noyes: in regard to the appoint
ment of the receivers. - . ..
stand . as the star witness of the day.
Even his closest friends wouldn't know
him In this new situation. ' In the clubs*
Metson Is known as a mlld-raannere«l
man. He told a tale yesterday of prepa
rations at Nome for gun-fighting on; a
magnificent scale. He was right there,
too, when the time came, and the others
were forced to play men from Missouri or
go far back out of the range of guns and
legal processes before he quit an inch of
his ground. \u25a0
Although there were five witnesses on
the -stand during the day, Metson was
the star. He went to Nome before thu
plot spoken of by Hume in his testimony
was hatched.. He was there during the
entire trouble, r.nd in fact mixed right '.n
the midst of it as one with an .active in
terest. It was Metson : who I started the
ball rolling and the contempt cases are
the last development. What he told ot
the judicial methods of Judge Noyes was
of a cumulative nature."' Once during the
afternoon Metson ate fire with Judge Mc-
Laughlin. Both realized that a liberal
mixture of reason" with their valor woukl
extinguish the argumentative conflagra
tion, .and the only real -case of bad-tem
per in two days was smoothed over with
mutual compliments.
THE ;SA^
Tells Commissioner Heacock of How He Firmly Stood His Ground
and Fought for His Clients' Rights Notwithstanding Threats of
Violence Made by the Leaders in the Ca;mp^ of £ the Enemy;
ATTORNEY METSON SUCCINCTLY
NARRATES THE STORY OF HIS
LEGAL BATTLES IN NOME CITY
5
; OCEAN TRAVIX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' V \u25a0 .'• , Steamers . leave Broadway
Bii». TV'harf, San Francisco:
HgteSSfci.- \u25a0 For Alasit?n ports— 11 a. m..
Oct. 3. 8, 13. IS. 23. 23. Nov. 2.
KBTB&relra ' Change to company's stcamera
a Fo-^Victorla. Vancouver (B.
HH^wSl C.), Port- Townseml, Seattle.
1 Tacoma, Everett and New
, Whatcom* (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
\~ Oct. '3. '8. '13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G.^N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4 9 14 19. 24. 29. Nov. ,3. .
' For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port **m Aneeles and.Redondo (Los An-
g e j e a)_SteaTner Santa Rosa, 'Sundays, 9 a. m.
'. For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cniz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harf ord (San
Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa \u25a0 Barbara, "V en-
tura Hueneme, East San Pedro and San Pedro
—Steamer Corona, < Thursdays, > 9 a. m.
For Enscnada, Magdalena BayJSan Jose del
Cabo Maratlan," Altata, La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Giteymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
\u25a0 •• For further Information obtain the companjrs
folders..' - : : ..'.:*\u25a0 ' \u25a0,"- \u25a0' \u25a0-- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -' - '
\u25a0 • The . company reserves . the right . to change
steamers, sailing days end hours of sailing,
without . prevous notice. ».\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0
, TICKET.: OFFICE— 1 Kew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ,',..;;--,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
,-.; , . - 10 Market st. San Francisco., \u25a0
d^ ft. & ni. go;
Only Steamahlp Xiixt0 to .
PORTLAND,\Or., ;
And Short Rail Liner from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
\u25a0 \u25a0 xiOtnrzisT ' zt-A.fr'zis. '
STEAMER TI0EET3 INCLUDE BERTH and HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... .Oct. 25," Nov. 4, 14, 24
; SS.' GEO. W. ELDER.................
1 ....:;.......:... Sails Oct. 30. Nov. 9, 19, 29
[ P.-W.HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.l Montgm'y. S. F.
I PAGIFiG STEAM NAVIGATION; CO.
; And Cia. Sod Americana de Vapores
To \u25a0 Valparaiso, stopping, at ' Mexican. . Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. i ,7
I LOA ..;.....;. ...Oct.. 28IPALENA Nov. 23
PERU'......:.:.Nov..;9lCOLOMBIA -.:..Dec. .7
\u25a0 > These steamers are •' built ' expressly for . Cen-
. \ral and : South : American ' ' passenger \u25a0 1 service.
:*No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and. passenger office, 31S California street
-BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
S^S. SONOMA,- for Honolulu/ Samoa,* Anck-
• landiand Sydney... Thursday, Oct.-;24, 2 p. m.-
,S S. .AUSTRALIA,' -'for Tahiti. :.'..'.... .;..... :
.'. ..;. :......';..'.-.:.. ...Oct. -24,- 10. a,. m."
S. S.'ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.*. .'......."..'..
'vl". ,'. . . v . . . .". . ...'.'..... .". Saturday, " Nov. 2, 2 \u25a0 p m \u25a0
I O.SPSECKELS & BROS. CO., Binsrai ftguts. 327 Kartoi St
een'l Passsngsr Office, 643 Markat St., Piar Ha. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R.)S ;
TO?NEW; YORX;;VU ; PANAMA ;;OI3EGT.;
;' :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Cabin, ; $105; ' Steerage, I $40; ; Meals ' Free.," ':-
S.d. Leelanaw sails WednesJay, Oct. 30
6.' S. 'Argyll [.-?;;- \saila Saturday, , Dec.xT.
S. S. Leelanow \u25a0;'sail^?*-i»1 : .7.»-rt^ -;'-" ; ---: \u25a0
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p.;m.'
Freight and ! Passenger Office, 330 Market st. '
F.F. CONNOR.' Pacific Coast "Agent.-.
"V 'advertisements. :
•'''.-\u25a0\u25a0-- ' \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0:\u25a0 . :\u25a0 - \u25a0'\u25a0 .- — — ; - . \u25a0 ' .
Women Recommend Pe-ru-na for Backache and
Headache Resulting From Pelvic Catarrh.
j \ Miss ' ••-••'. A|\\ n •
V \. Mamie Groth J Y
..."\u25a0 .Miss Mamie Groth, Platteyille, Wis., writes:
'\u25a0Accept' a grateful girl's thanks for the wonderful h'efp'i. hav3 re-
ceived through the use . of Peruna. Although I looked well and strong, I
have for[ several years suffered with frequent backaches and would for
several : days hava splitting headaches. I did not wish to fill my system
with: poisonous drugs;- and so when I several of. my friends advised me to
take Peruna I asked my physician what ho thought of it. He recommended
it and so' /took' it, and am entirely without pain of any kind now."--
MAMIE GROTH. " .^ \u25a0 - : ;
.^, Mrs. .Jlattie E. Grove, "Monticello; Ohio, Greenville, Miss., writes:
writes:: - . • S -,"'..•.-: "I was. troubled for a number of years
, "I" commenced to take Peruna last Feb- with,.. systemic catarrh. I < had almost
ruary.- 1 had been doctoring for over a constant in the side, stomach
year with our home doctor, but without trouble, a bad .cough, caught cold very
much relief. 'At last I wrote to Dr. Hart- easily and feltnervous and tired all the
man; told him as near as, I; could vhow; I time. .Peruna: has made me a healthy,
felt. It seemed to me I was out of shape strong: woman. I \u25a0 improved in strength
all over.. He , wrote and; told- me I- had and- flesh rapidly, after beginning your
systemic catarrh and. advised me. to. try medicine, and can do more work now anJ
Peruna and Manalin. ' I took Six bottles of \u25a0not"feel J rt"than"'I have done for year3." —
Peruna and one of. Manalin and it com- Maggie Franks. , .
pletely cured me. ; . Mrs. I. .r>. Hayes. 1022 Druid Hill ave-
.. "I am -satisfied that Peruna is. a good nue, Baltimore, Md., writes:
medicine, "and praise it to all my friends "Peruna • is \ one of the best medicines
who are. \u25a0' suffering from the many ail- for sore throat, colds, nervous headaches
ments '^peculiar : to . womankind." — Mrs. and coughs that has ever been discovered.
H. E. Grove. ","•\u25a0\u25a0, -.- \u25a0/- .'..i. • . After the use of one bottle I don't feel
Mrs. Gridley, mother' of : Captain Grid- safe without Peruna in my house."— Mrs.
ley, who was In command of Dewey's I- D/Hayes.
flagship at the destruction of the Spanish Mrs. Ella Mlskell, Leota, Scott County,
fleet at Manila, says of our remedy, Ind.. writes: \u25a0
Peruna: '..,..* • ; ,. "Chronic catarrh in the head, nose and
"At the solicitation of a friend I throat and pelvic organs- has been a
MX xne solicitation or a iriena t sourc e of trouble and great annoyance to
Used Paruna, and Can truthfully say me for more than ten years. Loss of ap-
•, • ' j . - \u25a0 '• \u25a0 ••• - •'••\u25a0 / petite, sleep and flesh, besides continual
It IS a granu tonic ana IS a WOman S coughing and pain, showed too plainly
friend, and should be used in every gf£ misS* was a stubborn one."-Mrs.
household. After using it for a short If you do not derive prompt and satis-
period I feel like a new person."- *&£Z££g2i
Ann E. Gridley.- : ffiSSS^? &ZT0SV1I' v^aofe iSi
.' A. Housewife's Letter. Address Dr. Hartman. President of Ths
- Mrs. " Maggie Franks, - 617 Main street, Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
. OCEAK" TEAVEL
Saira kaisbaT
STEAMERS WILL LEA ATE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Braunan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, 'October 23, 1901
PS. HONGKONG MARU .„..
...:...... Saturday, November 18, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
.... .;......... '.Wednesday, December 11, 1301. \u25a0
. Round- trip tickets at reduced - rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
. - W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
. AMERICAN LINE.
ttSW T0BZ. SOUTHAMPTON. L05O0V. PASIi
... Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York' Wednesdays at 10 a. m. -
St. Paul .Oct. 30 St. Paul .Nov. 20
-Friesland ........Nov. 6 Haverford ......Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
RED STAR LINE. :
Now YorK and Antwerp.
:From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland .....'...Oct. 30|*Vaderland .....Nov. 20
Friesland .......Nov. 6|Haverford Nov. 22
Southwark' Nov. li[*Zeeland ...Dec 4
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound. '
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
1 * CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paciflc Coast, 30 Montgomery rt.
COMPASNIB GENERALS ' TEAH3ATLAHTIVJ3
DIRECT LINE TO \u25a0 HAVRE-PARIS. \u25a0 -^j T
Balling every Thursday instead of <#5rfj2Jb
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42,
rAirth River,' foot of Morton street.**' i
. First, class to Havre, $70 and upward. ' Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL)
AGENCY FOR UNITED ' BTATE3 and CAN-
ADA, 32 ' Broadway (Hudson building). New
York, J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by. all Railroad Ticket : Agents.
BAY 'jLND BIVEB gn^AivrEBS.'
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
Steameri 6EN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
- 9:45 a. mi, 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. , Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo'7-a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. 'Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1208. Landing 1 * and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. . HATCH
BROS.> ,-.\u25a0',
Rupture Cured;
' l\. The c«lebrated Calif oml» In- 1
- rci^^H Tentor, Dr. Pierce, discovered I
fp^^V3% that the only remedy for Rnp-|
W >^ t \'*j3 ture is Electricity, and in por-
1 Z-'^xjJf fecting hia wonderful Klectro-
jfe a jhkX7y'.viSf- ivu' : : Magnetic Truss and estab-
l««hlngita *«le throughout "
f^m&m f A'* asaBy t th . world, he gave to suf-
WMH^k ferersfromthisdangenros
H^ffliEf malady tha relief »nd se-
cnritT vainl 7 songhtfor
elsewhere. Thlsreaowned
V:1 \4.''^\-f" appliance is radic*lly dlf-- p
ferent-from- «11 others and Its action on the ;.,
ruptured parts is quick and effective Cu**s
•ocompllahcd by ita use are numbered by the-
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a. 2-cent stamp for new "Booklet No. ErSfl
Address Magnetic Truss Co..1145Broadwsy(ne»r
26th St.), York, or 206 Post St.. S«nJrmnclsco. '
\u25a0 W \u25a0 rP s nhl/1 I Corner ' Fourth ' *nd
UIll L IIU I 1 1 l-ic Overcoats ind
valises checked £r««.
; AJVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears
Whoever \ w a ri t s " "; sqf t
hands, smooth hands, white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both : that is, if the skin is
riatufally: transparent; , un-
less occupation prevents. \u25a0•
The color* you want to
avoid comes probably; nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.; . ; - - . , . ', • 1'^®
/Use; Pears' Soap, no
matter; how; much; but a
; little "is enough^ if you use
it often. 7" - < . : -"
• ' Established over . ioo years. '
r-.. 2)
. MARKET ST. ST. **£*&
San Francisco, Thursday, 24 October, 1901. \
Another Special. ~~"
To-Day Only, $1.60
gj ; — . Li — , — : . :_!__ gg
Still ahother one day opportunity for Call readers. , ? { .
The handsome, dining-chair pictured above we will i sell to-day 7
at $1.60. " The regular price of this chair is $2.25. .It is built :> of
oak, finished srolden brown, with brace arms and cane seat. It has :
a scroll back, of one piece, instead of spiSdles. A strong, ' well-
built chair. • \u25a0•';.;\u25a0'
' • Sale besrins this morning at eight o clock and closes_ sharp -at
I six o'clock this afternoon. No more than six chairs will be sold
to any single purchaser. No mail or telephone orders Vwill.be
honored at the special figure-^-you must come in person. v J
I (Successors to Calitornia Furnitvrc Co.)
I 957 to 977 MarKctl Street Oppi v^. ; i'v' \u25a0\u25a0* '\u25a0 •.'"»\u25a0 — \u25a0? : -. . ...v.: .„\u25a0 \u25a0>- ..\u25a0 . '
MONUMENT ERECTED IN- PARIS A LITTLE MORE THAN A YEAR
? 'AGO; TO; THE GREAT; FRENCH GENERAL ; HAS BEEN . SO NEG
;. LECTED THAT. THE PEDESTAL IS PALLING APART.
SMOOTH COIN-W.D., City. The fol
lowing in relation to smooth coin is from
the Revised Statutes of the United States:
Any gold coins of the United States if re
duced in weight by natural abrasion, not
more than one-half cf one per cent
below the standard weight prescribed by
law after' a circulation of twenty years as
shown by the date of coinage and at a
ratable proportion for any period less
than twenty years, shall be received at
their nominal value by. the United States
treasury and its offices, under such regu
lations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe for. the protection of th«
Government against fraudulent abrasion
or other practices.
PANAMA RIOT— A. R., Oakland, Cal.
In April, 1836,; a drunken man In Panama
went through the streets stealing fruit
and damaging property for which he re
fused to pay. That day a steamer load of
passengers from the East reached Pan
ama and the natives sought revenge upon
them, assaulting, beating and robbing
them in revenge for the acts of the drunk
en man. The native soldiery was called
upon to quell the riot, but instead of do
ing so turned on the strangers and fired
a shot from a cannon Into a house where
a number had taken refuge. The story of
this riot is. to be found, as described by
Carrie Stevens Walter, In the December
number of the Overland Monthly, volume
4, new series. *\".' /
CHILTERN HUNDREDS— T. O. P,.
City. "Chiltem Hundreds" Is a hilly dis
trict in Buckinghamshire" and Oxfordshire.
England, belonging to the crown and hav
ing a nominal office attached to it. called
the "stewardship of the Chiltem Hun
dreds." In the long ago the beech foresta
which covered the Chiltern Hills were In
fested with robbers and to protect tha
peaceable inhabitants from their attacks
it was usual for the crown to appoint an
officer, who was called the steward of tha
Chiltern Hundreds. The office has long
since ceased to serve Its primary, but is
now serving a secondary purpose. A mem
ber of the House of Commons cannot re
sign -his seat unless disqualified either by
the . acceptance of a place of honor and
profit under the crown or by some other
cause. The stewardship of the Chiltern
Hundreds is held to be such a» place, con
sequently it is applied for and usually ac
corded to a member who desires to re
sign. As soon as obtained it is again /re
signed, and is generally vacant when re
quired for the purpose in question. In
othervwords, being appointed steward of
the Chiltern Hundreds Is the English red
tape route to resignation from the Housa
of Commons.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's, PalacV Hotel*
Cal. Glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap.. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
630 Market street, Palace Hotel building*
- Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and . public ' men by - tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) . 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
A French newspaper which finds great
diversion In the sayings and doings of the
Emperor William -II 'gives 'us the follow
ing information: The German Emperor
when in any way crossed or contradicted'
pulls violently at the lobe of his right ear
with the thumb and forefinger of his right
hand. When he was -staying in (England
arthe- time . of the Queen's funeral he
received a telegram? and opened it in the
presence .of one of his smart little neDh
ews, a boy of six. Something in the teie
gram did not altogether please his Maj
esty and he at once began to tu«- at hH
ear. .The little fellow looked up and Lid"
-Ten me. uncle, why do you pun a o ld ;
- '.'Because I am annoyed, my darling"
was -the reply. . . • r- ariin s.
"Do you always do that when you are
annoyed?'.' said the boy. . \u25a0*." 8re
"Yes. my darling,"- said his Majestv
"And when you are very, very much an
noyed whatdo.you do?" persisted this
juvenile inquirer. - ' "r?
"Then I pull somebody else's ear" sairt
William II.-Evening Wisconsin. ' d
/ '-\u25a0 "Briggs got off some of his profound
sayings at the club last night. 'Tell me
what a man eats and I'll tell you what
ha is,' he remarked." j
"I've heard something like lhat before.
Any. comments?"
"Yes. Little Twitters spoke up and
said he'd give Briggs a test. 'I've a
friend/, he said in his slow way, 'who has
knocked about a good bit. He has eaten
horse in Paris, goose livers in Strasburg,
caviar in Russia, ; shrimps in London!
blubber In Alaska, snails in Hawaii and
birds' nest3 in Japan, j Now tell me what
he Is. And what do you suppose B-iggs
said?" \ : . ''\-'>i : C^-f'r
"Well, what?"
"He said, "Come, let's have something."
—Plain Dealer.
"Well, sir, in the fust place, this 'Hints
on Farming' department is altogether too
large an' conspicuous."
"Why, I thought that was right in your
line!"
"No, sir! The crops Is takin'- care 'of
themselves all right and we'ro gittin' the
money fur 'em. /.What we farmers want
now is less talk about buckwheat an'
garden truck an' more financial news."—
AVashington Star.
He walked Into the office of the country
editor with an emphatic stride.
"I jes' paid my subscription," he re
marked, as he sat down on a corner of
the de*sk, "an' I thought I -might as well
give you a few hints about what I'd like
to git fur the money."
"I am always open to suggestions," was
t,ie mildly spoken answer.
The closing of school was welcomed by
nobody more cordially than a certain
bright 14-year-old, who gets as much fan
out of. education as she does out of every
thing—and that's saying a great deal. Her
love of fun and the trouble she gave her
teacher didn't hinderjier from being pro
moted—however unpoetic s»ch justice
may seem. "Well, 'Lucy," observed tho
teacher unsmilingly, when it came time
to give good-by,' "I don't know a girl in
the class I'm mocg glad to get rid of than
you." "That's just the way I feel about
you, Miss ," smiled the 14-year-old.—
New 'York Evening Sun.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
W. R. Hearst arrived last night from
New York.
Mayor R. F. Johnson of Montdrey is a
gue3t at the Grand. • ( ,
, C. H. Bishop, a merchant of Kauai, Ha
waiian Islands, is at the Grand.
Fred Swanton, proprietor of the Santa
Cruz streetcar system, is at the Grand. .
George H. Cowie,, an insurance man of
Stockton, is a guest atthe California,
Dr. N. H. Morrison, a prominent physi
cian of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, one of the most extensive
realty owners in California, is at the Pal
ace. ? ; '•"\u25a0'•'
Judge A. S. . Humphreys of Honolulu
sails for the islands thfs morning on the
steamer Sonoma. ' . .
The i Rev. Canon O. Mehoney, ; D.D.,' of
Cork, Ireland, arrived here yesterday. He
is staying at the Palace. « -
.'Ex-President Charles M. Hays of the
Southern Pacific Company leaves on No
vember. 1 for a tour of Europe, accom-j
panied by his wife and family. .
Calif ornians in. "Washingtoiu
: "WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Cochrane— P. ' I, Strong, San Francisco.
Raleigh— W. B. ' Frisbie and ' family, J.
Bermlngham, San Francisco: C. N. Ster
ry, Miss ;C. N. Sterry. J. U. Hamilton,
Los Angeles. St. James— C. Hickmott,
Miss G, Hickmott, San Francisco.
Big Cities' Expenses.
THE country has been somewhat Vtartled by a
report from Boston that a religious body,
called' the Reformed Presbyterian Church, has
expelled a' rhember for becomingSa citizen of the
United States and swearing allegiance to the consti
tution. No fear may be felt that the foundations of
the Government are about to be undermined by this
church. It has a small and scattered membership of
orderly and well behaved,^albeit austere and stern,
people. y . '.''\u25a0] '.
, It had its beginning away back in 1680, when a Rev.
Mr. Cameron, a Covena'nter and field preacher, ap
peared at Sanquhar, in Dumfriesshire and publicly re
nounced his allegiance to Charles II, whom he ac
cused of violating the "Solemn League Vnd Cove
nant." He gathered.a party around him, and in an
encounter with the royaltroops at Kyle was killed;
His followers became the Reformed Presbyterian
Church, separating from the Kirk of Scotland because
that body. has. its v independence guaranteed by the
coronation oath, taken. by the sovereign of Great
Eritain, and these peculiar people refuse to recognize
any government but a theocracy, proceeding from
Divinity. ' They refuse to bear \ arms, to take a' judi
cial oath, serve on juries, 'school boards or in any way
to recognize earthly government; which they regard
as corrupt and wicked.
In this country they have been .the most active pro
moters of the proposition known as the G6d-in-the
constitution movement. They are generally of Scotch
descent, and are' known for their austere, morality and
manners and simplicity of life, and for their hyper
critical \u25a0 attitude toward other forms' of the religious
idea. They pay taxes to secular ; government under
protest, and are usually people in good conditionma
terially. Ini8/6 their presbytery voted to join what
is known as the Free Church, a Presbyterian body;
not large in numbers and holding much -the same
views as to government, oaths, etc.'
As a rule they have the respect of their neighbors
for tlieir uprightness and fidelity to what they think
right, .though they. are not a sociable element in a
neighborhood on acount of -their extreme -austerity
and asceticism. . i, ). < \u25a0 \u25a0 .'
We can afford to regard their enmity to the con
stitution leniently, 'remembering 'that Wendell Phil
lips once made a .bale fire of that document on Bos
ton common and denounced it^as "a league with death
and a covenant with hell,'^ and the .constitution an'd
the country survived unhurt. ': : - "'-\u25a0:\u25a0. ..;\u25a0:\u25a0;',
It appears .that when the old 'Ameer of Afghanis
tan became assured he : was dying he "j sent . for his 1
chiefs/ told y them 'to select ;a successor, and when they
had- chosen Habid Ullah the Ameer had him at once
crowned, invested with the sword of state and put in,
command of the army. Thus it /was there wa.s'no dis
puted: succession this time. Evidently the old mair
was sensible to the last. • :
,., , From ••the; frequency with: which ; Pat Crowe contin
ues; to ;inform the Omaha police that he is willing r to
come in and .surrender it would seem that he is
planning .'to take to 'the stage and is working uo'ad
vance; notices. ; ... . ;.
The five great cities whose I municipal
expenses are . usually compared are Lon
don, the most populous city In. the world;
New York,' the greatest city of the-Now
World; Paris, the oldest of the; European
cities of the first class; Berlin/ the Euro
pean city which 13 growing most [ rapidly
in population^ • and Vienna," whose affairs
are administered under conditions 1 which
have changed little since medieval times.
"London has by the last census a popula
tion of 4,500,000; New York,- 3,500,000,' Paris,
2,500,000; Berlin, 1,884,000, arid Vienna by the
census of .ten years ago. l{36a,000,. -which
has probably been increased- to? 1,500, 000
now.' : :~ .'".'\u25a0 : „\u25a0 -.. ' jVv i - .
The cost of the government of London is
approximately ?65,000,000 a year, or at the
rate of about $15 per capita. ..The munici
pal expenses of New York are $98,000,000 ; a
year, of at therate of about $28 per cap
ita. v The municipal expenses of Paris are
$72,000,000, or about $28 per. capita, the same
as New York, though Paris has a. burden
some . municipal \> debt, and I has been ex
pending for many, years millions of , francs
on'- adornments and: embellishments, 5 the
pressing utility of which would not prob
ably be agreed to by many New York tax
payers. ":' •-•\u25a0' ./ - \u25a0 ' ' * • • \u25a0
The municipal expenses of Berlin are
$21,000,000 a" year, or z.i\ the rate! of about
$12 per capita;" and the municipal expenses
of Vienna are $12,000,000 a year; or. at the
rate of about "'. ?S per capita— the smallest
averageamong the,flve cities.'- : 14WJ8qj0ISHJ
•\u25a0• London spends more for education than
New ,York, , New ; York -expends more for
its . police ' department 5 that London, j Paris
expends more than either. London or New
-York for the; improvement of its streets
and the enforcement of laws as to build
in es.;, - \u25a0;. ' .' \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0 : '\u25a0 ; -
QUEER REFORMERS.
IN ITALT— F. L., City. A man born in
the United States whose ; parents were
Italian may go to Italy to live there for
an indefinite period without' having: to
perform any military -.- duty in that" coun
try. He is . an American citizen, unless
on arriving at his majority, he elected to
adopt the citizenship of his" father's na
tionality. In that case he would be a cit
izen of Italy "and subject to its laws.
THE PRESIDENTIAL SUCCESSION.
REPORTS from the Yale festival are to the
effect that of all the distinguished scholars and
official dignitaries who are attending that great
gathering not one has received more ' considera
tion than Dr. Booker T. Washington, the
negro principal ol Tuslcegee Normal and Industrial
Institute. Sonic of the attention paid him may be due
to the discussion raised by the fact that he recently
dined with President Roosevelt, but we may be sure
that most of it has a more permanent foundation than
that. Had lje never dined , with the President Mr.
Washington would slill have commanded respect in
such a gathering of educators by reason of the extra
ordinary work he has accomplished in the education
of his race.
The story of Tuskcgee Institute reads almost like
a romance. It was started by Mr. Washington wh.en
he was himself a poor, .unfriended and untried, man..
It began almost literally with nothing, in the way of
material wealth.. It was a case > where a brave, indus
trious, sagacious and indomitable man went out into
the wilderness and set about establishing a center of.
industry and education. He received nothing in' the
way of help until he had proven that he could get
along without help. At the present time his institute
is one of the most considerable in the Union so far
as the number of students is concerned, And one of
the least considerable with respect to .wealth." "It is
virtually living from day to day by the labors of its
students directed by the experience of its principal,
and is about as completely a self-supporting institu
tion as can be found in the: world of' education.
The nineteenth annual report. of the trustees of the.
institute, which has just been issued, states that the
average daih r attendance' of students during the past
year was 1010, and in addition there has been an" aver
age attendance. of. 160 children in the training-school
of the normal department. The school is conducted
on such strict economy that the individual cost to
students averages only §73 a year. Of that cost the
larger part is paid ;by the students in the form of
labor, and during the past year the amount credited
to them for lhat service was over $67,000.
While the school aims to train teachers and to fit
students for various lines of industry, the chief study
is agriculture. In his report on the work of the school
Mr. Washington . says : ''The salvation of my race 'will
largely rest upon its ability and willingness to secure
and cultivate properly the soiL I believe that'every
thing possible should be done to enlarge and increase
the efficiency of our agricultural department. In this
connection I am glad to add that arrangements have
been made to reserve three acres of land around the
new -training-school, to be used in giving agricultural
training to -the smallest children. -The negro as • a
slave was started on the foundation of agriculture,,
mechanics and household arts. While I would by
iio means limit his present education to these, but
would in all cases add academic and religious training^
I do believe we shall find.it helpful for a number of
years to come, in our methods of education, to give
great attention to these^ fundamental occupations. In
proportion as one owns the soil and has the mastery
of these fundamental occupations, in the same proobr
tion does he lay the foundation for- : the. highest and
most complete development of himself and children."
Along those lines the school has been working and
its influence has been widely felt. At present it has
students from twenty-nine States and Territories and
from six foreign countries. \ Such a record would be
accounted good had it been made by a university
established' on a foundation' of millions, and the man
who has made it by" his almost unaided efforts' cer
tainly merits honor from all "wfioare concerned in the
education of mankind. ...
It begins to lookas'ifTvIr. 1 Wells "cannot close his
mouth by 'any- other 'means than that of putting his
foot in it / - i ; ;*--.--: : - \u25a0' •-"-.'\u25a0'
Carnegie has ! been •elected; lord : rector of St. An
drew's University. It is to be hoped that this dis
tinguished honor will not : tempt the grreat man : of
money/to. keep. the first part;of the title for the rest
of his days. • / . \u25a0 \u25a0/ .i-i". .
WHEN the bill regulating the succession .to
the Presidency was under consideration it
was. carefully scrutinized by able lawyers of
both.parties and * was* extensively discussed both
within and without the halls of Congress. It would
seem that under such circumstances it should have
been brought to something like perfection .before it
was enacted. There are critics, however, who declare
it to be very far from perfect, and these critics are
now demanding that Congress revise the law and
remedy the defects at the coming session.
The first alleged defect in the act is this: It is pro
vided that certain members of the Cabinet in, a stated
pfder shall "act as President until the disability of the
President or Vice President is removed, or a Presi
dent'shall be elected." Now a President is regarded
as having been elected as soon as the % result of the
electoral vote has been declared, and under the exist-,
ing law the count is made on the second Wednesday
of the February following the Presidential election.
The new President, however, does not take his seat
until March 4. There is therefore about three weeks
between. the date of the election and the date of the
installation. Let us suppose now-that a President and
Vice President having died in office, the Secretary *of
State is acting as President. Under the statute his
right to act terminates with the election of the new
President in February, so that from that date until,
,the installation' on March '4 there would be an inter
regnum during which there would be no one to act as
President. • '
It is claimed. by some authorities that in such a case
as that supposed^'the new President would be sworn
into office as soon as elected, instead of waiting for
the regular inauguration day, and consequently there
Would, be ; no" interregnum. The accession to office of
a President in February; instead of March, it v is said,
would have no effect in disturbing any fixed term for
Congress or for.officials, who would regularly hold to
March 4.
- A graver ; question, but at the same time a very
improbable one, arises from what is regarded/as an
other defect of the statute. Should a. President and
Vice President elected on the second Wednesday in
February T die before -March 4 there would be no, one
to inaugurate, and accordingly under the . statute ; the
Secretary of State of the previous administration
would hold office until the next Presidential election.
Now it might be that the incumbent would be a mem
ber of an administration against which the popular
vote had been given, and consequently there would
be in the Presidency for four years a representative of
the party the people'had^ repudiated at the polls.
While\the contingencies suggested are so^remote
they can hardly be termed issues of practical. politics,
it.is nevertheless interesting, to consider the effects
that might flow from them. The opposing views
raise. what are "now but'academjc questions of. law, but
should they arise as actual problems we might be in
volved in serious disputes -between rival parties. - It
would therefore be, prudent for' Congress,- to settle
them at. once. jThere is nothing to be gained in leav
ing in the law even a seeming defect which might be
used to disturb the 'country "over a Presidential) suc
cession., ;MBB^ V ' : 'V.; -..;.- '.'r: v - \u25a0"\u25a0.•-••-• : .
DEWEY'S RANl£— T. G. O., Oakland.
Cal. George J5. Dewey holds the rank of
admiral in the United States navy. He la
the third officer of the navy who has celd
that rank. It was first created by act of
Congress July 25, 1866, and was 'conferred
on Farragut in that year and on Porter
in 1870, shortly after the death, of Farra
gut. - .
PERSONAL MENTION.
HENRY CLEWS of New York has been engaged in a little figuring In con
nection with the fortunes of the ten wealthiest men in the United States.
The result of his labors is the following table, in which he gives the value
:to-day.'of ;each"of the^fortunes of -the multi-millionaires, what they will
" amount to sixty years hence and also eighty years from now:
Present Value. In 60 Years. In SO Years.
J. D. Rockefeller.......: $400,000,000 $4,266,600,000 $9,481,300,000
Andrew Carnegie 300,000,000 3,200,000,000 7,111,110,000
W. W. Astor ' ."'. ;••• 150,000,000 1,600,000,000' 3,571,150,000
J. J. Astor • -" 125,000,000 1,333,000,000 2,962,220,000
W. K. Vanderbilt 100,000,000 1,066,666,000 2,430,429,000
Russell Sage.. * 100,000,000 1,066,666,000 2,430,429,000
H. M.Flagler. :.::... ! 100,000,000 1,066,666,000 2,430,429,000
\V. A. Clark......... .•••.• v '100,000,000 1,066,666,000 2,430,429,000
James J. Hill 75,000,000 ; 800,000,000 1,777.700,000
William Rockefeller... 75,000,000,. 800,000,000 1,777,700,000
Total .'.......................••: $1,525,000,000 $16,266,264,000 $36,402JS96,00O
Henry Clews . Estimates What the Richest Americans'
Estates Will Be Worth. at That Time. -^
BETWEEN „ CUP AND UP— 3. T.»
Lower Lake, Cal. "There'a^many a slip
between the cup and the lip" first ap
peared in "English Proverbs," by "William
CarewsHazlitt, 1869. It is a paraphrase on
"Many » things happen between the cup
and the lip," written by Robert Burton,
who lived from 1576 to 1640. - ;'-\u25a0
NEWSPAPER- F. L., City. This de
partment cannot -tell you how newspapers
obtain certain class of news, and particu
larly that which may be furnished by
parties not employed on a newspaper, for
the reason that a newspaper is not bound
to and does not give its source of infor
mation to satisfy individual curiosity.
ONE MAN'S WORK.
SUGAR— A. C, Caliente, Cal.- Sugar,
used as food, according to medical works,
does not make flesh, but it makes fat, aids
respiration, conduces to the digestion of
nesh-makinsr food and in other ways ex
alts the power of that mysterious energy
which is called life.
WHEN the. school children of the United States presented to the republic
\u25a0of France, a little more'than a; year. ago, a beautiful statue of Lafay
ette,; it, was given a prominent site in the gardens of the Louvre and
\u25a0 ' dedicated on the Fourth of July with Imposing ceremonies, cables' the
'."\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 Paris correspondent- of ; the North. American.'- \u25a0 _ . .. \u25a0 - ' -.
But in one short- year-the statue has been so neglected that it is now almost
a wreck. The pedestal is, falling apart, and. unless it is repaired at once the
eaue'strian statue will be tumbled to the ground. -\u25a0'
' A ; lot of faded wreaths and a weather-stained rag, which once floated proudly
as the stars and stripes, He in'aheao of rubbish at the base of the pedestal.
The statue "was pai'd for by the school children of America, who contributed
their pennies" toward it for several "months. The' gift was .intended to -show the
appreciation In which the present generation holds the services of Lafayette to
the United States. , • .
$36,402,896,000 — VALUE OF TEN
FORTUNES EIGHTY YEARS HENCE
VOTING-T. G. O., Oakland, Cal. The
old and the new constitution of California
fixed the minimum age at which citizens
could cast a ballot at 21 years, conse
quently the Legislature never had tha
power to "grant to a person who was but
18 years of age the righr to vote."
DIRECT PRIM ART LAW— A. "W. H.,*
Eureka, Cal. The only States in the
Union that have adopted the direct pri
mary law are California and Minnesota.
The only foreign country that has adopted
the same idea is Australia. . ..
NUMBERS ON HOUSES— F. L., City.
If you are of the opinion that the num
bers on ' any block in this city are not
properly placed en houses you should
make -complaint to the Board of Super
visors, i
DEBUT— F. L.. City. It is not custo
mary for gentlemen to make their debut
in society. A young lady makes her de
but at a society event given in her honor
when she is presented to the select who
have been invited.
VICTOR HUGO— Lit., City. Arrange
ments have been made for the celebration
of the one hundredth anniversary of the
birth of Victor Hugo in Paris, France, on
the 26th of February, 1902.
INHERITANCE TAX-J. B., City. The
inheritance tax in California is against
the property. If a legatee is entitled to
a stated amount he will receive that
amount, less the tax.
WIDOWS SHARE IN HAWAII-R. H.,
City. If a man dies intestate in the Ha
waiian Islands and leaves a widow, but
no Issue, the widow is entitled to half the
estate.
THE PRESIDENCT-T. GO., Oakland.
Cal. To be eligible for the Presidency of
the/Jnited States the individual must be
of the minimum ag*e of 35.
DR. JEKYLL.AND MR. HYDE-D.
M., City. The "entire play" of Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde was never produced at
the Orpheum in this city.
BRECKINRIDGE-T. G. O., Oakland.
Cal. C. R. Breckinrldge of Kentucky, ex-
Congressman, is still alive. •'.
A DIME OF '42— Subscriber, Contra
Costa County. Cal. A dime of 1842 does
not command a premium.
THE PRESIDIO— Subscriber, City. Thf»
acreage of the Presidio of San Francisco
is 1479.94 acres, .
We have no desire to do ; Mr. Wells any injury and have therefore been careful to
take him by his "self-measurement and by the judgment of the persons who are respon
sible for his candidacy. Viewed in the light he has turned upon himself he is a thorough
impossible, and the city is to be saved by election of his regular opponent- who so' far
has furnished every reason why the independent voters "should supports him against the
class candidate. , .--. x - L' . I 7 ':' .
-Will Mr. Weiis now make a plain statement in his senior, organ of the celebrated
rights which he determined to preserve, even if their proper , preservation required him to
decline the.nomination and retire from the ticket? They must have been very serious and
important "rights if their preservation required such emphatic .action. Where are- they
now? Will he give a ground floor and front elevation of them in their present state and
condition? We say to him frankly, that as those rights, seemed; to involve : his 'manhood
the independent voters are going to take up the task of preserving them where he laid it
down. They are going- to take him at his word and practically retire him from the contest
arid "from politics for al} time to come."
Those who wanted to support him and who refrained from opposition a long
time were watching him closely. They wanted to see what estimate was put upon him by
the men who nominated him and by Mr. Herrin. Those men have exposed their esti
mate. They keenly judged him, and that which he called an "ultimatum" they recognized
as a bluff. Surely he cannot blame the people for taking him at the estimate put upon him
by the men he calls "the leaders and Mr. Herrin/' '
> | "vHE political bosses who made a so-called Republican ticket forvSupervisors which
'] „ I •'.. Wells felt called to repudiate, until > he was properly rounded up
P % I , ' an d instructed, seem to ' have \u25a0 forgotten' that independent : voting in municipal elec
*• tions is a confirmed habit of San Francisco. Even during the Civil War, when
party feeling had every reason for running high, the people would elect a good candi
date on the Democratic ticket in preference to a' bad; one on the Republican, and vice
versa. Perhaps no large city.in the Union lias shown more discrimination in independent
voting. -This is so well understoocl by wise bosses that even Buckley, in the. height
of his "power," always selected a considerable number of first-class>men on his ticket,' and
even permitted the nomination of some that were opposed to him. In this way it hap
pened that men of eminence, who enjoyed the public confidence, like Bartlett and Pond,
could be elected :Mayor. But the bosses who controlled. the, so-called Republican conven
tion had not that kind of wisdom, and, because they lacked it, loaded the ticket with ma
terial which icpels the independent municipal voter. A|> party lines are largely loosened
in. city elections,. the. party men, who wish their party to succeed,, make nominations that
bear the scrutiny of the independent citizen. That citizen is usually a firm and unyield
ing party man in 'contests- that involve principles,; but no power can convince hirnVthat
any broad party, principle is involved in the election of a ;city government. The bosses
who pipe for party votes will lure in vain. 'Their music is wasted. The people will not
dance to it. •' • '-
: According to^his senior organ, the . Bulletin, even Mr. Wells himself felt a" spasm
of this independence, for that paper says that after his nomination he sent an ultima
tum to the bosses -who had put him on the ticket, in the form "of a demand, that -Flint
go on 'the. Supervisor' ticket. He "said "Flint goes on or I go off." He even went
so far as ( to say to a 'Bulletin, reporter that Mr. Herrin agreed wfth „ him in this show of
independence. But later developments prove that Mr; Herrin agreed with him only for
the purpose of getting him to change his mind. \ , . ' *
That magician transformed the independent Wells into a superserviceable and) al
together limp and nerveless candidate of the bosses. His, celebrated ultimatum, that had
in it the ring of a bugle : call, sank to thetinldeof'a tea bell calling Mr. Wells to his po
litical supper, and the bold candidate who for one. moment stood like a flint for Flint be
came as soft as butter exposed to our unseasonable hot spell.
The feeling of independence which was i purged, out of him by Mr. Herrin has not
been exorcised from the majority of the voters. With them in municipal. contests it takes
the place of. that party principle which dominates their ballots in general elections. The
firmer the} 1 " are as party men in campaigns that affect -principles the more flexible they
are in city elections in their attitude of independence/ \.
The Bulletin said that on October 3 Mr. Wells said to its reporter: "I believe, how
ever, that as the head of the ticket I have some rights, and those rights. I am: deter
mined to preserve. ,TJie /leaders of the party agree with the position V have taken • and
Mr. Herrin has so expressed himself. I don't know yet \yhen the change will be made, but
if it is not made I shall certainly retire not only from the contest 'but from politics for all
time to come." - •'\u25a0\u25a0' '- .-.\u25a0 ; : . '-"".-.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE INDBPENDBNT- VOTE.
THE hSAN FRANGISGlb CALL, "THT3]BSD^T,; OCTOBER 24,. 1901:
CHILDREN' S LAFAYETTE
STATUE IS IN DANGER
- \u25a0 \u25a0 * • ' ' ' - . y . - : • v " .
THURSDAY. ............. ... .OCTOBER 24, 190L
JOHN D. SPRECKELS7Proprietor.
ACfresi All Cetcmtnicatioju to W. 8. TiKAFTi. Hunger. \u25a0'\u25a0 '• ,,
HAAACER'S OFFICE ...Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
: Telephone Prew 201. -
GDITORUI. noOJIS.,...217.to 331 Steremios 9t
: . Telephone Press 202. , , ... . '
Delivered »>r Carrier*, 15 On <« Per Week. "
\u25a0• SInsrIe Copies. S Cent*. . .
Term*, toy, Majl. Including: Fostaffes i,/
DAILY CALL Vlnclndlnc : Sunday), cne year ....... ...$l.0!>
DAJLT CAUL. Clnclndinc Sunday). • months............... J.M
DAILY CAIiZj ricdudles Fun<!ar). * l-ontbs. .............. 1.K0
DAILT CAUr-Br Blcrle Mcnth...' C5o
BUNDA.T CAXJ* Oa* Tear........... 1. SO
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.90
All poiimmter* are nn<horlzed to.recetrt
\u25a0nb acriptl on \u25a0•
Csusrle copies wOl be ' forwarded when requested. , - I
>fa!l . tcbeeribers In ordering chang* of "address should bt
Particular to elve bets NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
Co In cure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLASD OFFICE .............. 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KItOGMSSS.
Xtaager Foreign Advertising; Kargnette Bnildiag, Chie&go.
<~' "..""> - ttone Distance Telephone "Central. 2613.")
;;^ NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.f. . ... ..... ... . . .Herald Square
. . JCEW T6BK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEFHEIT B. SMITH .30 Tribune BuHding
CHICAGO KEWS STANDS:
Ebenaan . Souse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont' House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria ! Hotel; A. . Erects no. 31 . Union Square; .
Murray HU1 EoteL
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.'. ..140G G SU 5. W.
.MORTON B. CRAJfE. Correspondent.
BRA3TCH OFFICES — 527 Montsomery. corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock.; 633
McAlUtter, cpen until 9:39 o'docli. 615 Larkin, open until
1:13 o'clock. 1SU Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
\u25a0 earner' Sixteenth, cpen until* o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until > o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
E»0 FUlmere. open until J pJ m.
6
Tivoli— "La Boheme."
Central— "The Cotton King.*"
Grand Opera-house— "The Man From Mexico." • \u25a0 '
Alcazar^'Ttae Girl in the Barracks."
Columbia — "The Henrietta."
Orpteum— Vaudeville.
California— "A Female Drummer.**
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. • -~ .
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
• Recreation Park— Baseball. -VT'' <'V * |
6utri Baths— Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.Judge Cook made a final order yester
day in the matter of Attorney E. ; Myron
Wolf, trustee In the estate of Mrs. Mary
Bruning, accepting: his resignation and
declaring his accounts settled. The "Union
Trust Company was appointed trustee.
The Judge granted the motion made on
behalf of Wolf and; his attorney, W. L,
Pierce, to strike from the record the peti
tion filed by Attorney Francis Pope on Oc
tober 2, in \whlch charges- .were made
against them and which Attorney Pierce
denounced in ; such scathing terms aa to
cause Pope to withdraw from the. cas 1 ?
and ask that the petition be withdrawn.
In granting the motion trie Judge said: -
\u25a0 It is not a plea'sant matter for an attorney
to 'feel that a document of. the character in
question Is- on record when the remalnjng
records of the court show that the mpvjng
parties abandoned the matter entirely. The
matters contained in, that petition appearing
to be scandalous and impertinent, it seems to
me that It is the duty of the court when tho
motion- Is' made by the parties aggrieved to
strike* from the files the petition in question
to grant it. -The matter is entirely within the
discretion of- the. court.- and the proceedings
appearing to have been abandoned and dis
miBsed by the party who filed the petition, it
is ordered that the motion to strike from the
liles^the petition filed therein by Francis Pope
In* behalf of Mary Bruning on the 2dday of
October, 1901. be granted. 'and the petition is
ordered stricken from the files of the court
as scandalous and | impertinent, and not sub
stantiated in any way, shape or, form.
/CADIZ— Sailed. Oct 7— Ger ftmr Herodot. for
San Francisco, v
, SWANSEA— Arrived L Oqt 21— Br bark Haw
thornliank. from Oregon. - - -
NOUMEA — Arrived Oct - 22 — Schr James
Rolph, from Port Blakeley.
MAZATL.AN— Sailed Oct 21-Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port, to sail about Oct
24— Ger. ship Alster, for Tacoma: Ger bark
Schiller, for Portland, Or; Br bark Pass of
Malford, for Tacoma; Br ship Pinmore, for
Portland, Or.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Oct 23— Br stmr Hata
su, from Norfolk, for Manila. .
Petition in, Mary Bruning
Estate Case Is_ Stricken
. / .. \u25a0, \u25a0 . \u25a0
From Repord.
Characterizes Charges
as Scandalous and
Impertinent.
JUDGE COOK
CENSURES POPE
the early morning tides are given, in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; thr>
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given. by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Council of Sorrow.
The several tribes of the Improved Or
der of Red Men of this city and the coun
cils of the Degree of Focahontas will en
Sunday next hold a council of sorrow in
memory of the members of the order who
pa3«ed from thla to the great reserva
tion during the last year. There will be
appropriate services in the Assembly Hall
or the Red Men's building on Post street,
including music, eulogies and an oration.
TO ARRIVE. .
Steamer. .. From. I Dm,
Hcmerr... Humboldt '.. [Oct. 2t
Thyra Portland .[Oct. 24
Aicata... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.Oct. 24
Kureka Humboldt Oct. M
Santa Rosa.... San Diego ft Way Pts. Oct. 24
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 24
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. -24
Noyo Humboldt , O?t, 24
laqua. ......... Humboldt Oet. 24
Crescent City. Crescent City Oct? 24
S' th Portland.. Seattle Oct, *• 25
Czarina.-."...... Seattle ' and. Tacoma... Oct. 25
Coronado....... San Pedro Oct. 25
Ramses........ Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 25
Newburg San Pedro :........ Oct. 23
Km pi re Coos Bay '. Oct. 2tJ
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 26
Mackinaw..... Tacoma Oct. 26
Tltanta.. ....... Nanalmo Oct. 27
Q. \V. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 27
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Iladlock.... .. Oct. 27
San Jose Panama 4 Way Ports Oct. 27
Pomona.,.,.... Humboldt Oct. 27
Matteawan.... Tacoma Oct. 27
Curacan Mexican- Port*:.. ,,..... Oct. 23
Gaelic ,.... China nnd Japan Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ..;...;.. Oct. £9
Corona......... Redondo & AVay Ports Oct. 29
North Fork.,.. Humboldt Oct. Mi
Alaineda. ...... Honolulu .... — Oct. 3u
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. ...... Oct. 30
Rainier.. .. Seattle & N. Whatcom Oct. 31
J. S. Kimball.. Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 24.
Sequoia....... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Argyll, ....... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 3S
Mandalay Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ...,...,,. l:S0 p Pier 9
Corona Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Australia Tahiti direct 1U am Pier 7
October 25.. . .
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
x October 20.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Thyra China and Japan Pier 27
Newburg..... Grays Harbor.. — 6 pm Pier 2
Euieka. ...... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Point Arena; Point Arena ...... 2 prnjPier a
I^oa Valparaiso & Way 12 mlPier 10
•Noyo Humboldt .....' 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado Seattle direct 5 pmjPier 2
, October 27. |
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am|Pler 2
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 9 am Pier —
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
- October 28.
Empire....... Coos Bay..... 4 pm Pier 13
Czaripa'. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
San Juan Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
• i . October 3O.
Arcata.. C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
American.... Honolulu Pier 20
L.eelanaw.... N.-Y. via Panama. 2 pmlPier 3S
Rival. Willapa Harbor.... 12 mloth St.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
. -October 31.<
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5,pm Pier 2
City of Pekin China' & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
FROM SEATTLE. ~~~
Steamer. . • . .' - j From. . Due.
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way. Ports. Oct.' 25
Excelsior....... Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 2S
Dolphin.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 26
Dirlgo Skaguay & "Way Ports. Oct. 31
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of - I Ugh . and L Low
Waters at Fort-- Point; entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The " high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street', wharf) about
twenty-five' minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the eame at both; places.
THURSDAY,; OCTOBER 24.
Sun rises '.;....... .....6:2<>
Sun sets ;...... 5:20
Moon sets ...2:52 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. — — - Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W \u25a0-.;• H "W L, W H W . \u25a0
24 '\. 2:09 1.0 8:41 B.o 2:61 0.8 9:13 4.9
25 .. 2:52 ' 1.3 9:18 5.8 3:34 0.2 10:12 5.0
26 ... 3:36 1.4 ' 9:54 6.1 '4:18-0.4 11:10 >5.1
27... 4:18 -1.7 10:35 6.3 5:03—0.8
, \u25a0 H W . L. W .'-\u25a0 H TV \u25a0••• L, W
28 .. 0:0fi 5.1 5:00 2.0 11:14 6.4 , 5:Sn — 1.1
29 .. '1:00 6.1 5:45 2.4 11:56 6.3 6:48—1.1
30... 1:58 5,0 6:34 -2.7 12:45 6.2 7:41—1.0
NOTE — In the ' above exposition of the \u25a0 tides
A new four-:nasted schooner to b?
New Schooners Heady to Launch.
The Dutch ship 'Nederland arrived from
Santa Rosalia yesterday with nearly half
the crew down with scurvy. The vessel
was over two months getting here, an<l
in consequence all the fresh provisions
eave out and \u25a0 Captain Wleles could - do
nothing for his men. When the quarantine
officer went on board yesterday morning
he found the vessel free from,conta
gious disease, so he allowed it to enter.
Most of the men have badly swollen legs
while others are swollen about the body,
but nearly all of them are on the road to
recovery. ;
Crew Down With Scurvy.
The Panama Railroad Company's Argyll
got away for the isthmus yesterday. - The
passengers she took away were:'
Mrs. E. Baerschmidt and daughter, Max
Baerschmidt, William Bock, G. H. Bargner,
Robert Syrett, • Charles Denyer. Robert Wil-
HaniR, J. E. Fitzgibbon. E. Thompson, H.
Wolff 13. Clark. James T. Sullivan, Joseph
Morln. A. Shaw, Max Born, Antonio Candeilge,
Carlo Zaccheo, William Fife, George Munk,
Thomas Hardman, John J. McCourt, A. Greco,
Charles Riordan. Samuel Frank, Leslie Jen
nings, K. R. Wilson. George Berge, A. - Y.
Zoock E. Johnson. Adam E. Boyle, Walter
Cornyn, E. Peabody and wife," Colon; G.- L.
Peabody and wife.. Colon; A. Kennedy and wife.
Colon. —
Argyll for Panama.
The Toyo Klsen Kaisha's, America
Maru sailed yesterday for Japanese and
Chinese ports via Honolulu. She took
away an unusually large cargo and the
following cabin passengers:
From Tokohama — Mrs. J.- II. Ballagh, Rev.
J. J Chapman, Mrs. J. J. Chapman. Mrs. F.
H. Davis, Rev. F. \V. Field, Mrs. F. W. Field
and two children. Captain J. Ito, Miss N,
Murphy. Miss J. Murphy, Rev. W. H. Mock
ridge, Mrs. C. F. McWilllams and child. Miss
II. F. Varmalee, S. Togo, Y. Tsumakl and serv
ant. Mrs. H. Yokota.
For Kobe— MiES A. S. Adams, Rev. II.- J.
Bennett, Dr. D. I-iandsborough, Bishop John
McKim Mrs. John McKim, Alexander Milne,
Rev. C. S Reifsnider, Miss Q. Suthon, Miss E.
B. Wallace.
For Shanghai— Miss M. E. Andrews, Miss J.
E. Chapin. Mrs. E. II. Conger, Mrs. J. R.
Drake, Miss A. M. Edmonds, Miss H. R. Gal
loway, Miss M. A. Ingram, Mrs. J. H. Ingram
and two children, Miss K. JU Ogborn, Mra.
Lieutenant J. K. Roller, Mrs. G. Jv Roberts,
Mrs. J. H. Rolker, Miss A. Rolker, Rev. C.
A. Stanley. Mrs. C. A. Stanley, General Thad
S. Sharretts. Mies E. C. Shaw, Miss C.-Wil
liams, Miss M. A. Holme.
For Hongkong— Miss E. S. Beaver. Miss K.
W. Beaver. Rev. W. C. Clapp. Mrs. W. C.
Clapp, Dr. J. M. Crago, Paul Hoefel, II. A.
Hoffman, Leong Min Hing, Miss G. Manches
ter, Miss H. E. Manchester, Granvllle Moore,
J. S. Robertson. Mrs. J. S. Robertson, Miss M.
B Robertson. Master J. I>. Robertson, Justice
Patrick Real. Mrs. Patrick Real, E. P. T.
Real Miss K. Real, Lieutenant \\\ Schwarz,
Rev.'j A. Staunton Jr.. Mrs. J. A. Staunton,
E. J. Spencer. R. Willis.
From Honolulu— Ed Houseman, S. ' H.
Trench. ' . ...
America Maru Sails With Many Pas
sengers and Much Cargo.
Tuesday, October 22. '
Etmr'Acme. Lundqulst, ; 49 hours from San
Pedro. . ...
Stmr \u25a0 Corona. Glelow, , 56 ' hours from Ban
Pedro and way ports. - .\u25a0'\u25a0-.
Schr Glen. Anderson, 2 days from Notleys
Landlr.g; up river direct. .
' Bchr ,\u25a0 Bessie K, Petersen, ,\u25a0 7 days from En
senada. . <.. - . •• . . \u25a0 ' *
• . Wednesday, October \u25a0 23. '
"-Stmr. City of Peking, Smith, 29 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 dayi, via Hono
lulu 7 -days..
Stmr . Coos "Bay, . Nlcoleon, 11 . hours "from
Moss Landlnc. . r~ '-' \u25a0 . -' "\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0;> -'\u25a0\u25a0
. Stmr San • Mateo. Fletcher, 4 days from Ta
coma; Oakland direct.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Japanese line steamer America Maru
sailed yesterday for China and Japan with a
general cargo valued at $221,520. manifested and
destined as follows: For China, $126,829; Japan,
J75.772: Manila," $12,970; East Indies, $1629; Ko
rea, $2010; Vladivostok, (2310. , The principal
exports were as follows:
To China— 552 lbs butter, 399 cs canned goods,
2420 lbs cheese, 2S00 lbs codfish, 500 lbs copper,
15 cs drugs, is cs dry goods, 12C4 lbs dried fruit,
16,276 bbls flour, 329 bxs fruit, 1021 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, IS csks ginseng, 5903 lbs
1 case ham and - bacon," 20 bales hay, 180 lbs
hops, 16 bbls liquors, 4148 lbs millstuffs, 10 ctls
oats, 274 crs 335 sks potatoes, 500 lbs dried
peas, 10,300 lbs pearl barley, 65 pkgs paints and
oils, 26 pkgs rubber goods, 2 cs raisins, 325 cs
calmon, 614 cs soap, 959 bales sheeting, 1000 lbs
sugar, 102 lbs Bait, 743 gals wine.
To Japan— 4607 lbs butter, 342 cs canned goods,
500 bales cotton, £07 lbs 10 cs cheese, 6 cs dry
goods, 1020 bbls • flour, 1031 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 374 lbs hops, 747 lbs ham and ba
con. 205 rolls 2 cs leather, 3143 pigs lead, 1 pkg
machinery, 622 lbs roillstuffs, £20 kegs -'nails, 9
cs rubber goods, 112,000 lbs soda ash, 125 cs
salmon, 3C00 lbs sugar, S37.5S6 lbs tan bark, 70
bbls oak extract. 8 cs whisky, 3836 gals wine.'
To Manila— 2000 lbs codfish, - 140 pkgs oil
stoves/ 17,481 gals spirits, 4 cs boots and shoes,
2 pkgs machinery 15 cs electrical^ supplies, 8
cs stationery, 22 pkgs groceries and provisions,
IS pkgs launch parts, 10 bdls paper, 10,762 lbs
ham. ,
To .East Indies^ — 147 eg canned goods, 85 cs
salmon, 3 cs dried fruits.
To Korea— 2309 lbs butter, 175 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 800 lbs millstuffs, 1 case paint,
1 case electrical goods, 9 pkgs wire goods, 6 cs
dry goods, 10 cs canned goods, 2 crs onions, 1
case drujrs, 1 coll rope. .
To Vladivostok— 13,125 lbs dried fruit, 50 bxs
raisins, 200 lbs beans, 7 pkgs carriage material,
600 lbs coffee, 2250 lbs table meal. 4SJ lbs butter.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The steamer Umatilla sailed yesterday for
Victojla with .an assorted cargo for British
Columbia Valued at 521,790. The cargo Included
the . following merchandise and produce;
10.C00 lbs sulphur, 1143 pkKs fresh fruit, 75.056
lbs malt, 229 cs canned goods, 8 cs dry goods, 5 cs
fuse, 970 lbs bread, a bdls wire, 40,084 lbs oil
cake meal, 50 bdls paper, 10 pkgs' machinery,'
457 lbs tobacco,' 1000 lbs sugar, 8 cs drvgs, 43
pkgs paints and oils, 9C24 lbs beans, 31,300 lbs
salt 44 cs 548 gals wine, 20 cs meals, S4S lbs
hops, 20,357 lbs coffee, 31 cs honey, 1612 lbs
chocolate, 22 cyls gas, 100 tins matches, 211)
lbs cheese, 100 cs whisky, 1 case drugs, 17 cs
arms and ammunition, 1S9 pkgs raisins, 13,073
lbs 31 cs dried fruit, 70 pkgs paste, 20,031 lba
dried peas, 1S88 pigs lead.
A Cargo for British Columbia.
The Dutch ship Nedejland was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat, flour or merchan
dise to Europe, 40s. .The Italian ship F. S.
Ciampa is free, having passed her canceling
The British bark Haddon Hall' is chartered
for wheat to Europe, 32s 6d, a further decline.
NEWS OF .THE OCEAN.
There will be a busy time on Pacific
street wharf to-day. The Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Australia, for Tahiti, and
the Sonoma, for Australasian ports, are
scheduled to sail, and as both have big
passenger lists there is sure to be a crowd
down to see the steamers off.
The barkentine S. N. Castle, which ar
rived at Honolulu on the 14th inst., report
ed that October 6 in latitude 25 degrees 4t
minutes north, longitude 134 degrees 25
minutes west, a wooden buoy was passed.
Water Front Notes.
The announcement was made yesterday
that Colonel A. J. Vi»u>.g, inquiry clerk
et the main Postoffice, was out of danger.
He had been seriously ill for two weeks,
and a 1 ; one time his life was despaired of.
Colonel Vining: Out of Danger.
DEPABTS FOB THE ORIENT.
Pacific Mall Company's
I steamship City of Peking arrived
I -from the Orient and Hono
11 fulu at an early hour yesterday
morning. She left Yokohama Oc
tober 5 and made the run from the Ha
waiian Islands to San Francisco In seven
days. She brought up thirty-two cabin
and twenty-six steerage passengers, be
sides forty-eight Asiatics and 1476 tons of
cargo.
Those who, came over in the cabin were:
A. S. Bower, wife and son, J. H. Frissell. J.
S. Hermann, Frank Hogan. A. S. Howe, Gen
eral Alexander Kahltmhrs. I. Lehmann and
wife Field Postmaster Lindenan, General M.
I. Ludington. U. S. A., and wife: Mrs. J. A."
McMullen, S. B. Redllck. D. W. Stevens, Ru
fus Williams, Miss Lee Gum, T. lsakson and
E. Lyon. __
From Honolulu— W. M. Alexander. Dr. W. D.
Baldwin. W. Walsh, P. M. Buchanan, wife and
three children, Etnmett May. C. H. Bishop, R.
G. Henderson, Mrs. E. L. Macadory, A. HocU
ing. A. Keech. L. W. Smith, H. R. Dunnlway,
A. Blom and Frank L. Hoogs. »
D. W. Stevens is the attorney of the
Japanese Legation in Washington, D. C.
He has been in Japan for the last four or
five months attending to matters in con
nection with Japanese emigration to this
country. It is also said that while in the
Orient he took up the matter of the loss
of Japanese by the san'.tary fires started
in Honolulu in 1900. Stevens will only re
main, a short time in San Francisco and
will then proceed East.
j Whaling vessels now on the Japanese
coast are liable to bring home good
catches this year. The Peking brings the
news that out of a school of mammals
fifty-three were taken by the hunters.
The product of the whales will be sold to
the California vessels.
Twenty-eight Chinese military authori
ties went from Shanghai to Nagasaki on
the City of Peking. They will attend the
military maneuvers to take place in the
northeastern part of Japan next month.
Steamer Sonoma "Will Wait for Mail.
The steamship Sonoma, bound for Syd
ney, will not gall until 2 o'clock this after
noon, as she will be held until that hour
to receive the English mail. She was
advertised to sail at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, but the mail Is several hours late.
named the William F. Garms Is to bo
launched from C. G. White's shipyards
at Everett November 1. She will be 235
feet long, 40 feet beam, 16 feet 6 incne-.
dqep and will have a capacity of 1,400,000
feet of lumber. The Garms Is to be named
after the popular member of the Schuet
zen Bund and proprietor of the Milwaukee
Brewery. He and his daughter will leave
for the Sound next week to attend the
launching.
A sister schooner to the Okanogan and
Gamble will be launched from Hall's ship
yards at Blakeley next month. . The new
vessel has been built for Pope & Talbot
and will be added to that firm's fleet of
lumber vessels. . ,
Jstmr Corona. Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. • -"
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Oyster Har
bor; R Dunsmuir's Sons Co. ' x
Jap stmr America Mam, Golni?. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery.
Eshr Rosamond, Johnson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED..
Tuesday, October 22.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Chtco, Jensen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Progfeso. Harding. Seattle. I -
Stmr John S .Kimball, Thwlng, Seattle.
. • . Wednesday, October 13. .
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, " Bowens Landing,
with schr Nettie Sundborar In tow.
Stmr Umattlla,' Cousins, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr Celia, Adler, Albion River.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkle,' Kureka.
Br stmr M'elllnKton, Salmond, Oyster,Har
bor.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong,
etc. . "
Barge Santa Paula,. McGovern, Ventura, in
tow of tuff Rescue.
Br bark Melanope, Robinson, Adelaide.*
Schr Ocean Spray, Halversen, Iversens Land
ing. .' .
. Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper, . Stewarts
Point. h
Schr Nettie Eundljorff, Larsen, in tow of
stmr Acme, i
Schr.Chas Hanson; Swanson, Coos Bay. '
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 23. 10 p m-Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Na
varro. for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— To sail Oct 24— Schr S Dah
ielHon, for San Francisco, in tow of stmr Na
varro.
• IIOQUIAM— Arrived Oct 23-^Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence Oct 19.
BALIjARD— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Mildred n,
for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 23— Br bark
Santa, from Honolulu; schr Kona, from Santa
Rosclia.
Sailed' outward — Br bark Battle Abbey, for
Melbourne, from Chemalnus.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Chico,
hence Oct 22, to sail Oct 24 for San Francisco.
SEATTL.K— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skaffuay.
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Samoa, for
Snn Pedro, t ' y "
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 23— Ger stmr Eesos
tris, from . Nanalmo. •
" Sailed Oct 23— Srhr Sadie, for San Pedro.
CRESCP:NT CITY— Sailed Oct 22, at 5 p m—
Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco. . /
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 23— Schr Chal
lenger, for San Francisco. .
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Oct 22— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 23 — Schr Newark, , hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct ' 23r-Stmr Luella, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 23— Ger stmr Ram
ses, for San .Francisco. - •
VENTURA— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Coronado,
for -San Francisco. -
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 23— Bark Gen
Falrehlld, hence via Port Angeles.
Sailed Oct 23— Schr Gueen, for San Fran-
C PORT LOS "ANGELES— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr
Alcazar, from . • - . ' > • .
• EUREKA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Eureka,
hence Oct 21; Btmr Lakme, hence Oct 22; schr
Endeavor, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco; Bchr. Bertie Minor, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Brunswick, for San Francisco;
stmr IaquR. for San Francisco.
NEAII BAY— Passed inward Oct 2% nt 4:13
p m— Stmr Portland, from Nome, for Seattle.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Melancthon,
for San Francisco. . ' .
K GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 21— Schr Jen
nie Wnnd. hence Oct 12.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco, with new stmr Brooklyn in tow, for San
Francisco. Oct. 23— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. \u25a0 .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Rival,
hence Oct 1C. \u25a0 - -
POINT LOBOS— Passed Oct 23. at 12 noon—
Stmr Samoa, from Caspar," for San Pedro.
fJscx ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 9-Stmr Samoa,
hence from \u25a0 Sydney, for San Francisco; stmr I
Sierra, hence Oct 3. Oct 10-Bktn Vf-ll Dl
mond, hence Sept 23; bktn Robert Sudden,
from , Newcastle, Aus. Oct 11— Brig 1 Ganeva,
hence Sftnt 23; stmr Peru, hence Oct 5; bars
Albert, from Tacoma. Oct 12 — Bark Alder.
Bes*<e, hence Sept 16. Oct 14— Bark Andrew
Welch, hence Sept 18; bktn S G Wilder 'hence
Sept 28. Oct 15— Bktn SN. Castle, hence Sept
28; r.tmr City of Peking,; from Yokohama. Oct
1«— Br Btmr Carlisle City, from Yokohama
Sailed Oct.fl — Stmr Sierra, for Sydney; stmr
Sonoma, for San Francisco. Oct 12— Bktn Coro
nado, for San Francisco; bktn Kllkltat, for
Port Gamble. , Oct 16^Srhr Robert Lewera, for
Tacoma; ship George v Curtis, for San Fran-
JIAHUKON A— Sailed Oct 10— Schr Honoipu,
for Port Townsend: ' ..-.-.•
• KAHULUI-Arrlved Oct 0-Br bark Antlope
from' Ladysmith.r Oct 13— Bktn James Tuft,
from Newcastle, 'Aus.;;-. \u25a0 . v
- . EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived. Oct 22— Br stmr Dun
ottar, from Manila. •; l :
; • FOREIGN PORTS. ' 1 V> /':
' LIVERPOOIv^In . port Oct 4— Br ship Sena*
tor, - for Seattle.' \u25a0 . •' - , - ... .
.Sailed Oct 10— Ital ship Macdlarmld, for Van-
NAGARAKI— Arrived Oct" 22— U 8 stnjr Bherl
dan, from Manila, for San Francisco (dis
abled). -, \u25a0 : - ' \u25a0 ; .,.
MANILA— Sailed Oct' 22— U.S stmr Warren
for Nasrasnkl. • - - . \u25a0 . * . ,
- HONGKONG— Arrived Oct; 22— Jap Btmr Tosa
Maru, • from Seattle. - ,\u25a0:- . .; ..;.• » .
\u25a0NANAIMO-Salled Oct 22-Nor stmr Tltanla,
for Ban' Francisco. -'• / .-.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* ' , .
*.- Arrived Oct ; 23— Aus , stmr -Maria, • from Vla
torla. \u25a0 to load ' for \u25a0 San •. Francisco. — :-.
\u25a0 ANTWERr— Arrived' Oct 20— Br ehlp Thirl
mere, from Of egon. \ •
NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER WILLIAM' P. GARMS, WHICH WILL BE LAUNCHED FROM WHITE'S SHIP
YARDS AT EVERETT NEXT MONTH. AND THE POPULAR BREWER AND MEMBER OF. THE SCHUET
ZEN BUND AFTER WHOM SHE IS NAMED.
Adele b. Chretien \ras granted a divorce
from John M. Chretien by Judge Slot-s
yesterday. Mrs. Chretien was given per
mission to resume her maiden name of
Brooks. Chretlr-n is serving a term In
San Quentin prison for forgery in connec
tion with the Sullivan estate case.
Decree? of d'x-crce were granted yester
day to Maren Kiphen from Valentine Kip
hen for extreme cruelty. Margaret L..
Harris from Charles P. Harris for deser
tion, Cecelie E. Reed from John Francis
Reed for extreme crueltv, Alena Spier
from Harry Spier for wlliful neglect.
CharaLubus Kapanerne from Catering
Vaselavo Kapaneras for desertion, Marv
H. Ramage from John F. Ramage for
willful neglect and Sophia Lynch from
George Lynch for cruelty. " .
Mrs. E. M. Carson is in the possession
of two husbands and she ashed the Su
perior Court to annul the bonds of matri
mony which united her to her first choic?.
S£he allepes in the complaint she tiled yes
terday that she marriedOA'illiam F. Gru
ver at Oakland in 1S9S. Two years later,
the aleges, she heard that Gruver was
dead i.nd accepted the attentions of her
present husband, whom she married m
June of this year. 6tr.ee the marriage,
ehe alleges, she learned that Gruver was
alive, and she row seeks to be freed from
him.
In t!ie coxnpleint filed yesterdav Mrs.
Happeisberger alleges that her husbajul
has treated her in a cruel, har&h and in
human manner for the last four years,
bhe alleges that on one occasion when
she tristl to kiss him he EtrucSs her an-i
knocked her down, and that on many
other occasions he beat her. .She BtHl
lurther alleges that during u sickness !j.«
prescribed morphine for her and gave her
ec much cf the tirug that she became ad
dicted :o ihe use of it. It is also alleged
t i:at o:i oivers occasions liappersberger
has kicked and choked her and that in
consequence she became ill and was com
pelled to go to a hospital.
Isaac Joseph, who resides at C25 Laguna
street, fileu a suit for divorce against
ller.rieita Joseph yesterday on the groun-J
of cruelty. In the complaint he alleges
that she threw ealt in his face, called
nini hE.rd names, drank to excess ani
otherwt-e behavt-d in such a manner that
he suffered great mental anguish.
Other suits for divorce were tiled as fol
lows: Sophie Wetterlind against A. V.-
A\etier;iml. lailure to provide; Charles J.
iiower against Kosalind Bower, deser
tion, ar.d G. M. P.csenthal agalnft Kdna
Ucsenficl. cruelty.
Dr. Albert K. Happersberger and his
wile. Luphemia, are again about to al
their troubles in court. This time it Is
airs. Happersberg-cr who takes the initia
tive, and her first move was made yes
terday, when she filed a complaint for
divorce. The affairs cf the couple were
brought to public notice a few months
ago. when Dr. Happersberger sought to
secure a legal separation^ He filed a suit
in whi<-h he al>ged that his wife treated
Mm cruelly. Tho case was never tried
the couple settling their difficulties out of
Claims That for Pour Years
Defendant Has Treated
Her Harshly.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 12 hours from Fish
Hock. -
Stmr National City, IDettmers, 15 hours from
.Fort Braegr. . ---..- \u25a0 : :
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, 23 hours from Eu
\ rel:a. . \u25a0 :
. Stmr Ean Pedro. Jensen, 26'ho.ursrfrom Eu
, : rcka; bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Coqullle. River, Johnson, 20 hours from
Fort Brncg. \u25a0
Schr Jos Rush, Anderson, 21 days from Pert
•ElaUeley. • • . .
\u25a0' CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 22.
Dr bjrli Robinson. Adelaide; J J
Moore & Co. \u25a0 . .
••:• Wednesday, October 23.,
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, Panama; Panama R R
& H 8 Line.
Stmr TJmntilla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townserfd; (Joodn)l. Perkins & Co.
;* y \u25a0 \u25a0 - - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
Cruelty.
'Wife of Dentist Asks
for Divorce, Alleging
The City, of Peking Brings Over Many Notables From China and
Japan While the America ly.arii Takes Away a Large Grcwd of
Passengers and. Much Freight for Honolu'u and Asian Ports
HAPPERSBERGERS
AGAIN IN COURT
ORIENTAL STEAMSHIPS ARRIVE
AND DEPART ON REGULAR TIME
THE SA^ JPRANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY; OGTOBER 24; 1901.
Steamer Movements.
7
NEW ADVEBTI6EMENTS.
OEOUGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and' Very Bark Hair.
The Father of his Country ; concealed a
luxuriant , suit of hair beneath his queue
•wig.' Many, now wish the old fa3hlon were
in vogue ,to conceal • thinned hair or \u25a0 bald-
ness.' Yet no one need have thin hair nor
be . bald if he cure the dandruff that
causes 'both.. Dandruff cannot be cured
by scouring the scalp, because it Is a germ
disease, and the - germ has ' to be killed.
Newbro's Herpicide -\u25a0 kills- the \u25a0 dandruff
germ— no ; other . =. hair preparation will.
"Destroy the causey you remove the ef-
fect." -. There's no cure . for dandruff but
to : kill the germ. • -.' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 . ' >^.
PALACE^ HOTEL.
: For a . quarter ' of a century thess
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and \; travelers who , hato
journeyed from all parts of the world.
to San " Francisco. Guests -enter*
tain ed on the American or European
plan." \u25a0.:;•. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0X;; " :,\u25a0.-;\u25a0 '. : h \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0;' • j?1
p RA NDH GTTE L.
GOLD DUST.
Itt the COLD DUST itfiss do your r/crk."
GOLD DUST
makes the clothes whits and clean without injury to
the fttric in an7 way.
" Ho Jsework is hard work without Gold Dust"
For trreatest economy buy our larce package.
THE II. K. FAIREANK COMPANY. Chicago.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF
Msryland, on the Slst day of Deceraber.
A. D. 1300. nnd for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and Cll of the Political
Code, ;ondensed as per blank furnished by the-
ComnrsEloner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash tLEOO.COO 00
ASSETS. "
Keal Kstate owned by Company $609,000 00
Cash Merket Value of all Stocks and
Bones owned by Company 3,364,817 00
Cash In Company's Office 41.613 14
Cafh In Banks 277.8TI &7
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 97.ST2O8
Total Assets ." J4.381.313 73
LIABILITIES. "~ ~~~~
Jjoese* adjusted and unpaid .'. $4,479 89
I^osses in process of Adjustment or
In SuBp«nee 45,127 81
Ix>Ese» resisted. Including expenses.. 1C5.D53 39
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $.. ; rein-
surance £0 per cent K0.21S S9
Total Liabilities JSC5.409 48
-
' IXCOME.
, Xet cjish actually received for pre-
miura« '. $1,138,2C2 47
R^cei^ed for Interest and dividends
on Eonds, Stocks, Loans and from
rll ether sources 133.671 43
P.ece!ved for Rents 38.453 32
Jieceived from all other sources • 7S'."iS Z2
Total Income 5l,SS6,J."O 7.',
EXPENDITURES.
Nrt amount paid for Lovses (includ-
ing: f losses of previous
yean?) I37I.2S9 86
Dividends to Stockholders £62.447 50
TaJd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 279,2613*
Paid 'or Salaries. Keen and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 77, £55 04
Paid :'or State, National and Local
tax*i £2.319 11
AH ©tier payments and expenditures 179,891 44
Total Expenditures .$1,222.514 23
EDWI.V WARFIELD, President.
IIAKRT NICODEMUS, Aes't Secretary.
Subscribed and ivorn to before me this 8th
day oJ January. 1S0L FRE'D K. AXTELL,
Notary Public.
FRANK Lr~GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25
/ Tenth Floor Mills Building,
-*t \ ' San Frnneisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE!
-.:.'. it ; J— \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Bsaux and Belles, Mignonette Kokin,
.Francis lie Page, John.' Geiger, and
the Biograph. Last times of Mon-
roe, Mack and Lawrence, De Courcy
Brothers, Joe, Buster and Myra
Xcaton.
Reserved Seats. 23c; EaJcony, 10c; Box Seats
ami Opera" Chairs.- 50c. •' • .. < •
ALL THIS AND NEXT . WEEK. s
Evary Night including: Sunday, j
MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
- In the Greatest Production Ever Made of
Branson Howard's Masterpiece,
MR. ROBSON' AS BERTIE. TflE LAMB.
An All-Star Cast. Including Many Favprltes.
* "2d and' Last Week Begins Next Monday.
Nov. 4— MRS. SARAII~COWELL-LE MOYN'E.
' MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and »Every Evening Thia Week,
WALTER B. PERKINS,
One of America's Foremost Comedians In
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
. . Tfce Funniest o£ Funny Farces.
, BY H. A. DU SOUCHET. "
POPULAR. PRICES.... ....lCc. 13c. 25c. 50c. 73c
. Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
~. 'Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— WALTER E. PERKINS IN "MY
j FRIEND FROM INDIA."
CHUTES_AND ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show!
HARRY HARMON,
In His Famoui 9C-?oot Dive.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE A MA TEURS
AND A
LADIES' WOOD-SAWING CONTEST.
Telep^qne for -Seats— Park J3.
BASEBALL,
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLA\JX
To-day(Thursday)and Friday a!3 P.M.
SUNDAY. . ; . . . : -. „ . ;AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth »nd Harrison ttreeti.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS. ..
WARM AIR. \
HOT WATER,
alii § g |y i-H
BLUE FLAME. ' . ' \u25a0 •
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
So smSII: 309 to 317 Market Street.
San Francisco. ,-'. ..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-• AMUSBMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATUnDAT. '
NEW AND SURPRISING.
THE BIG FARCE COMEDY COMPANY JN
A FEMALE DRUMMER.
A MUSICAL FARCE.
INCLUDING CHARMING. LOVELY, CLKVEIt
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS NOW BELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— THE BIG NEW
YORK SENSATION.,.
"SPORTING; LIFE^'
SEATS NOW: READY. . ',
\u25a0 Evenlnps at 8 Sharp!'
MATINEE SATURDAY at J Sharp!
LAST TWO WEEKS OP GRAND OPRRA.
To-night. Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee,
, - - Great Production of . Puccini's . .
"LA BOHEME."
\u25a0 \u25a0" Friday, Saturday,
"JNORMA,"
With AVEDANO. the Great Tenor.
MONDAY, October 28th.
GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTQIl
. STEINPORFF. . .
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c, 75e.
: Telephone Bush 9.
ETJiSfc mf* BSf Jtt "T K? B* B^
BELASCO & THALL... ........Managers
' LAST FOUR NIGHTS, -
Everybody Surrenders to "
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS,
She's So Jolly. \u25a0
MATINEES SATURDAY "AND SUNDAY.
- Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance. .'
PRICES...... lac, 25c, 3oc, u9c and 75c
NEXT— "TENNESSEE'S PARDNER."
BElASCOAMTHAlC&jfofQg,
4MNWIC CITY HMJL%
nr> ijjf'"ir^ every evening
I HH/ -THIS WEEK
* * \u25a0* .*— ' ' , The Big.
/v/Vfrtm J"\ xl T Melodramatic
/^/\u25a0T^T^iklWT Success.,
I fill llV SEETHE]
Ljl I 1 I '' I 1 1 1 GREAT
V Vf.i 1 I Vil COTTON
vriiT/t r^_ scenes'
l/3lu!av The Sensation of tho
K 111? MATlNEE ge- SATUR-
JLi.rn.ll \JI DAY and SUNDAY.
raY'^c Evenings.. ....... ..10c, 15c. !5c," 35e, 58c
V/T.J Matlnees.v ."...........10c. 15c 25c'
NEXT \u25a0; WEEK-'.'The \u25a0 Great \u25a0 North-areat." '
FISCHER'S 'concert^ house,
: - dEISSLER '-' HIRSCHHORN :, TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Claire < Fex; Geo. j Jones; Maud Pe
Almat Harry. Holmes; Herr Huber;, Eleanore
Jenkins and . Hlnrichs' Orchestra. . \u25a0 , .
' Reserved Seats. 25c. . Matinee Sunday.- '
rSUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS
> OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. . M. TO ll'p It
' BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P* M*
* • ADMISSIOXplOc. CHILDREN, -Be.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c
•errmoMT iim n the moctir « camhi ce. Cincinnati
rp=^|HOICE- bed sets in Irish point lace,
iH^ or t am k°ured, embroidered muslin,
WSsSffl should be washed with Ivory Soap
to preserve their beauty. If they are of an
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
added to the rinsing water. The vegetable
oils of which Ivory Soap xs made fit it for
many special uses, for which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory.
IVORY SOAP IS 99**iU PER CENT. PURE.Will Publish a Paper.
A well-attended meeting of the Alumni
Association of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons of San Francisco was held
last night: at" the college. It was decided
to publish a quarterly paper for the bene
fit of the college and of the medical pro
fession. Dr. Charles Troppmann, for his
services in the interest of the association,
was Dresented with a , handsome gold
watch, 'i'j \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.' \u25a0\u25a0 > . . - , •
Racing at Hollister.
HOLLISTER/Oct: 23.— The eleventh an
nual fair of Agricultural, District ;No. 33
opened I to-day with a large attendance
In the x 2:30 trot Aunt Sally finished first
Airlie Direct second,' Little Sister third'
Time. 2:31, 2:30%, 2:29. .: . •, : .-, . .
.1 2:25 pace— Higby"s Dictatus Medium first
Ferguson's Jim Jeffries second, Yeaman's
Lady Mac third. . Time, 2:24#, 2:25, 2:27"
McXinley Monument Fund.
;The- following additions to the \u25a0 McKln
ley memorial fund were reported yester
day: ,i ... ' : - - \u25a0\u25a0 , !i
Enterprise Foundry. $10; -Sutro • School,' U 45:
previously reported, ; $22,623 35^ total, $22,637 SO.
HANFOKD, Oct. 23.— The feature of the
Agricultural Fair, to-day was the rifle
shooting by companies of the Sixth Regi
ment. National Guard, for the cup offered
by the Fair Association. Four companies
competed— Company: E of . Visalia, F >of
Fresno, G of Bakersneld and I of Han
ford. The shoot resulted in' a A-ictory for
Company. I. The- scores follow:.- I, 573;
K, 558; (}, 494; F, 4S5. . : . ._
Hanf ord Riflemen Win.
Will Make a Stand Against Uncle
Henry's Men This Afternoon
at Recreation Park.
The San Francisco and Oakland teams
are scheduled for this week's series at'
Recreation Park. The Sacramentoa are
to play in Los Angeles, where they, will
fight it out for second place with Morley's
men. This is the line-up for to-day's
game: \u25a0
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Wilson .Catcher. Lohman
Whalen..... ..Pitcher '....... ....Hodson
Pabst.. ..First base.: Streib
Krug.. .'......Second base ....Mohler
Keilly .' ..Third base .Babbitt
Shay V. .....Shortstop Kagan
Hlldebrand .....'..... Left field ............ Dunleavy
Nordyke Center field../ ..Drennan
v Schwartz .......Right \u25a0 field......... Moskimaa
OAKLAND TO MEET \u25a0
THE CHAMPION TEAM
Dr. C. C. O'Dor.nell is still in the fight
for Mcyor and will certainly win. Write
his name with a lead pencil at the top of
the head of the blank column for Mayor.*
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.-Manager Mor
!ey of the Los Angeles baseball team ha's
signed his first player for next season
George Kihm, the deaf and dumb first
baseman.
Signs Kihm for Next Season.
In the semi-finals Don Pedro beat Iris; Lord
Blanso beat Jack Go Easy; Prairie Queen beat
Troublepcme; Miss Wheatson beat Rentraga;
Prairie Bird beat Whirligig; Lord Brazen beat
Glasgow ; Chamberlain beat Lord Brazen;
Charming Thought boat Belle of Stuttgart; You
Bet beat Nebraska Girl; Bold Barbarian beat
Bogus Brummel; Seneca beat Houri.
FRIEND, Nebr.. Oct. 23.— Forty-eight grey
hounds went to the slips when the second day's
coursing of the Mississippi Valley Futurity
was called at the Park of the Friend Club.
The semi-finals were also run and the com
petition has narrowed down to ten dogs, which
will compete for the $2000 stake ' to-morrow.
The following dogs were winners of the pre
liminaries: Iris, Don Pedro. Jack Go Easy,
Lord Glanco, Opal. Xorton Girl. Prairie Queen,
Troublesome, Miss 'H'heatson, Kentraga. -Whirl
igig. Prairie Bird, Bogus Baron, Chamberlain,
Lord Brazen, Glasgow. Belle of Stuttgart,
Charming Thought,' You Bet. Bogus Brummel,
Xebraska Girl. .Bold Barbarian, Hourl, Seneca.
Coursing in Nebraska.
Charity Bazaar.
The annual bazaar of the Mizpah Char
ity Club will be held in the parlors of the
Swedenborgian Church, 1641 O'Farrell
street, between Fillmore and Webster
streets, Friday afternoon and evening of
this week. The parlors have been taste
fully decorated and the various booths
will be stocked with desirable articles use
ful and ornamental donated by those in
sympathy; with the aims of the organiza
tion., A considerable number of articles
will be. raffled. ~ Refreshments will be
served and there will be an entertaining
musical programme at' both sessions. The
soloists for the evening are Mrs. Watts,
Miss Arden, Miss Beth Hamilton and Miss
Marshall. Ire addition there will be instru
mental numbers. Little Evelyn Chubb
will dance and Ruthie Fischer is to sing
and dance. There, will be no admission
charged. All goods sold are donated and
all receipts go to the charities of the
club, which is non-sectarian in its opera
tions.
CAI^L BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— For the
first time in several days the State De
partment received information to-day
concerning Miss -Stone, the American
missionary held captive by Bulgarian
brigands. .
j Consul General /Dickinson, at Sofia,
wired the State Department concerning
the whereabouts of the party of which
Miss Stone and Mrs. Tsilka are captives.
The brigands are apparently still in Turk
ish territory. Immediately upon receipt
of Dickinson's dispatch 'Acting Secretary
of State Hill sent an instruction to Mr.
Eddy, secretary of the American Lega
tion, under which that officer will make
such representations to the Turkish Gov
ernment as may facilitate the liberation
of Miss Stone and her -companion. The
authorities are continuing opposition' to
an attack by the-Turkish or the Bulgar
ian troops upon the brigands, believing
the chances of relea.se greater through the
medium 'of ransom than by military
operations.
No information confirmatory of the re
port of the death of Mme.- Tsilka was
received by the State Department to-day.
The failure of Consul General Dickinson
to mention such an occurrence Is accepted
by the administration as- an indication
that he does not credit the report
CONSTANTINOPLE, 1 .- Oct. 23. —Cold
rains are falling in the where
the brigands who abducted Miss Ellen M.
Stone, the American missionary, are con
cealed and a prolonged stay in the moun
tains is believed to be almost impossible
even for the brigands. Here it is consid
ered likely that they will hasten to re
lease the captive as soon as they can se
cure the ransom and then disperse to
their homes.
No word has come from the missionaries
to-day, though W. W. Peet, treasurer of
the mission here, to whom they would
communicate, 'is still hopeful. 'Peet is
not expecting news until he is asked to
forward the gold, which it is estimated
wjll weigh between 300 and 400 pounds
PARIS, Oct. 23.-M. Saratoff, the former
president of the Macedonian committee
has written a letter to the Temps, dated
from Paris, emphatically denying the re
ports that he is an accomplice in the ab
duction of Miss Ellen M. Stone, the
American missionary, and that he is even
now at the head of the band of abductors.
He says he has been S living quietly in
Paris for the past month.
League of the Cross Officers.
Daniel C. Deasy, a well-known attorney
of this city, was last night elected colonel
of the First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets, by the board of directors of
that organization. He was chosen for his
ability and. by reason of his being in line
for promotion. Mr. Deasy was major of
the First Battalion. As there were va
cancies in the offices of colonel and lieu
tenant colonel he was practically In com
mand of the regiment. Ignatius D. Dwy
er, formerly captain of D, the crack com
pany of the regiment, was elected lieu
tenant colonel. Peter J. Haggerty, for
merly captain and adjutant, was elected
major. . •
To beat 2:03% trotting record— The Abbot
(2:0314). Time by quarters, :32, 1:03, 1:33%, 2:04.
2:03 pacing to wagon, amateur drivers, mile
heats — Hontas Crooke won \u25a0 two straight heats
in-2:09Si, 2:0S%. lone and Sunland lielle al&o
started. ' . \u25a0 \u25a0 • .• - .
2:11 class trot, purse $1000— Chain Shot won
three straight heats in 2:11%, 2:07%, 2:06%. On
ward Silver and Dollie Dillon also sta'rted.
2:20 pacing, purse $3000 (first beat one mile,
second heat one mile and - an eighth, third
heat half mile)— Audubon " Boy won three
straight heats in 2:06%. 2:24%, 1:00%. \u25a0 Con
Monical, New Richmond and Tommy Mac also
started.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.i Oct. 23.— The world's
trotting record for half a mile in competi
tion was broken this afternoon at Billings
Park when Audubon Boy went half a mile
in 1:00%. This feat was accomplished in
the fourth race, a 2:20 class pacing event,
under what is known aa the "Memphis
plan." The first heat at one mile was won
handily by Audubon Boy, Don Monical se
curing second place. Audubon Boy made
his own pace in the second heat, which
was at a mile and an eighth, and won by
two lengths from New Richmond. In the
last heat, starting from the half-mile pole,
the game son of J. J. Audubon went tp the
front and won in the easiest sort of fash
ion in 1:00%, breaking the world's pacing
and trotting record.
Ed Geers brought The Abbot out for an
attempt to lower his record of 2:03%. After
giving' the horse easy exercise the noted
driver sent him away at a fast clip, ac-;
companied by two running horses. The
quarter was passed in 32 seconds, the half
in 1:03, the- three-quarters in 1:33*4 and
the wire was reached in 2:04 flat. After
he dismounted Geers announced that the
horse was not at his best. He will try
again Saturday.
To-morrow Little Boy will be sent
against his recently made record of 2:01%.
Mr. Billings, his owner, said to-day he
was not satisfied with Monday's perform
ance. He believes the horse can complete
the circuit In 2:01.
fecend race, selling, five and a half ' fur
lonKs?—Cherries won, Oread second, Flare third.
Tin.t\ 1:< :.>,*.
Third race, Castleton stakes, selling, five
furlongE — Prophetic won. Octoroon second. Lady
Gooiva third. Time, :59U.
Fourth race, one mile— Pentecost won. Lom
bre second. Port Royal third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, one mile — Kalif won, I . Lamp
o'Lee second, I Know third. Time, 1:43.
Sixth racj, o:»* mile and a half — Hernando
won. Advance Guard second, Lathon third.
Time. 2:34>i.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Worth summary:
First race, . one mile— Omdurman won, Eva
Rice second. Monos third. Time, 1:41 2-5.
Second race, eix furlongs — Tom Kingsley
won, Vulcaln second, Bummer third. Time,
1:13 3-5.
Third race, five furlongs— Ragtag won,
Bragg second. Miracle third. Time, 1:05 2-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — W. J. Deboe
won, SevoY second. Money Muss third. Time,
1:26 1-5.
Fifth lace, one 'mile and an eighth— Orontas
wet, K. imencla second, Harry i'reston thiid
Tnr..\ 1:52 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth — C. B.
rar.ipLrll won, Kasselas Jae"nn-1 l.orl Hoberts
third. Time. 1:47 4-5. /
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: .
First race, five furlongs, selling — Chanterelle
won, Maxille second,, Mr. Timberlake third.
Time, i;t&
Second race, one mile, purse— Charles D won;
Glenwood second, Pattroclus . third. Time,
1:41. > •
Third race, six furlongs, purse — dales won.
Kindred «ecor. i Miss Mae Day third, lime
1:13%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, pursa—
Ethelene won, Huntressa second, Jordan third.
Time. -1:46%.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Brulare
won. Alice Turner second, Albert F.** Dewpv
third. Time.l:47.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Alea won.
W. J. Baker second, Lady Curzon third. Time
1:14%. • .... i
Just after the start Timothy Foley was
crowded to the fence and went down. The
field went on and when rounding the far
turn Johnny of Navarre, with Cochrane
up, overstrode himself and turned a com
plete somersault. Councilman Tom, rid
den by J. Callahan, fell over Johnny of
Navarre. The latter horse was killed and
Councilman Tom was severely hurt and
had to be shot. The jockeys marvelously
escaped injury and walked back to the
stand. Summary: 1 -
First race, steeplechase, about two miles —
.tliss Mitchell won. Linstock second, Salesman
third. Time, Z:m. \u25a0 - .
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— A chapter of ac
cidents marred the racing at Morris Park
to-day. Alexander Olsen, one of the Jock
eys, received injuries which resulted in his
death a few hours later. Three other
jockeys had a narrow escape. Two horses
were killed outright, while another was so
badly hurt that it had to be shot.
In the first race King T fell at the water
jump, directly in front of the grand stand
an£ broke his neck, Barry, the jockey, es
caping injury.
It was in the fifth race that Olsen met
with his fatal mishap. When he was
picked up it was at once seen he was se
riously injured. When taken to Fordham
Hospital the surgeons found his skull
badly fractured. He lived until 7 o'clock
this evening. Olsen was 18 years old and
was riding Timothy Foley for K. L. N.
Anderson.
Fifth race — For three-year-olds and upward;
telling to the claiming rule); $400; of
vhich $50 to second end $25 to third; $SOC.
".'eight for aje. Allowance: Two pounds fcr
each $100 lens to tWJ. One mile and a st»
veenth. - .. '
Fourth race— I1S00; the Opening handicap. A
handicap for three-year-olds and upward. En
trance $10; $10 additional to start. The club
to add an amount necessary to make the gioeb
value of the race $1500; of which T200 to second
«nd ?100 to third. Weights to be published
Monday, October 2S. Acceptances to be made
fit the track before 11 a. m., Friday, Novem
ber 1. One mile.
Tnird x ace— For three-year-olds and upward,
r.or.-winners of a race of *4C0 in value this year;
eelling; {400; of which $50 to second and Hi to
third. Weight eevtn pounds below the scale.
Each to be entered to be sold for $000. Seven
furlongs.
VTith all available stable, room in sight
at Oakland track spoken for, and scores
of owners knocking at the door, the New
California Jockey Club set carpenters at
work yesterday constructing forty addi
tional stalls. They will be built near the
Futurity course start, and even these will
be insufficient to accommodate all ' the
arriving: stables.
The Morses of Green Morris stood the
trip from New York in splendid shape,
and will soon be ready to answer post
call. Green thinks his rider, Winnie
O'Connor, will be here on time for open
ing- day at Oakland.
E. G. White, a well known Chicago turf
\u25a0writer, arrived on last night's overland.
Ed was connected with the booking enter
prises of George Rose during the greater
portion of the Eastern season.
On a date to be announced in the near
future J. Narrlee Burke will sell all his
horses in training.
Fresh from the hands of the printer, the
programme book for the. first two weeks
of racing at Oakland was issued yester
day, and apparently pleases owners. Of
ocurse the rich Opening Handicap is the
feature for Saturday, November 2, with
two purse and two selling events as side
features. Herewith is given the card .for
the season's introductory overture:
First race — For three-year-olds and upward;
J40U; of -which 5M to second and >25 to third.
"Weight seven pounds below the scale. Winners
of a race of ?000 in value or of three races
other than selling purses this year to carry
five pounds extra- Non-winners of a race of
$40<) in value or of five races of any value this
year allowed five pounds. Five and a. half
lurlongF. \
Second race— Fcr two-year-olds; $400; of
which J50 to Etccnd and {25 to third. Xon
vinners of two races other than selling purse3
allowed five pounds; maidens ten pounds. Fu
turity course.
Jockey Cluh Is Building Stalls—Pro
gramme for Opening Day.
MORE ROOM AT EKEHYVZLUS.
State Department Re
ceives News Concern
ing Captives.
A: Olsen Succumbs to
Injuries Received in
a Race.
Audubon Boy; Goes Half
a Mile in Fast
Time.
JOCKEY KILLED
AT MORRIS PARK
BRIGANDS STILL
ON TURKISH SOIL
TROTTER BREAKS
WORLD'S RECORD
"My husband . left . home at the usual
time on Tuesday night," said Mrs. Cox
last night, "and the tirst intimation I had
that anything was wrong iwas when L
was notified by he gas company at noon
to-day that he had failed to work the
night before. He has been sick for some
time," and -in consequence despondent. He
never spoke of suicide."
Bart S. Cox, for the last seven years
an inspector for the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, is missing, and
indications point to; his having drowned
himself on Tuesday night. 'He left home
as usual on that night, but failed to re
port for work. Early yesterday morning
visitors to the beach near Land's End
found a coat and vest similar to those
worn by Cox. On the vest was pinned
badge 18 of the company by which he was
employed. \u25a0 -. •
Word was sent to police headquarters
and Officer Greggains was detailed on thu
case. He found that Cox lived at 431 Sev
enth avenue In the Richmond district.
His wife info'rmed the officer that her
husband had been ailing for some time
and was despondent, but had not given
any intimation of an Intent to commit
suicide. She recognized the clothing
found on the beach as that her husband
wore when he left home.
Bart Cox, a Gas Inspector, Is Amor.g
the Missing and Evidence Points
to His Death.
BADGE FOUND ON BEACH
rNTHCATES A SUICIDE
•Young Mowatt of/Chicago, the "fight
ing conductor," : g.-.ined the . decision over
Toby Irwin of this city in a flf teen-round
bout last night at the Reliance Club, Oak
land. Mowatt was the aggressor.through
out and .won because he did all the fight
ing. His only blow, however, was a right,
which he failed to land except at close
range.
Irwin was the cleverer with his hands
and on his feet, but refused to mix things
with Mowatt, clthough repeatedly urged
to do so by his friends among the specta
tors. He stayed away until the last round
and then did some leading, but It was
too late to shade the verdict in his favor.
The decision cf the three judges was
unanimously for Mo Watt and the crowd
went away satisfied.
Dick Glicuke and Mike McClure won
the preliminaries. Glieuke fought what
was to have been a six-round go with
James Green. to settle an .old grudge.
Green quit in the second round. McClure
had Jack Donnelly of Denver to oppose
him' and had it all his way until the fifth
round, when Donnelly, went out of busi
ness. They were to have gone ten rounds.
It has seldom fallen to the lot of race
goers In California to see .horses run in
the name and the' colors of a woman. In
the Kast and in Kurope it is no such
rarity. Mrs. Cone has seven horses which
will sport her colors— white jacket, red
cuffs and red hoop. These include King
Kayon, Frank Klnney, Bombshell, Bar
bara Frietchie, Buzz, Cassiope and Floria.
While their owner gives her personal
attention to their needs, seeing them
every day, they are under the direct man
agement of Washington Perkins and are
trained by John Coleman. In addition to
these there are two exercise boys and' the
regular grooms. AH-the attaches of the
stable are colored men. %,.
In order to be near her horses Mrs.
Cone has rented a comfortable cottage
three blocks from-the track. She usually
visits the track at midday when the
horses have been made up after their
morning's exercise.
She says she seldom bets on her horses,
letting them run for the purses they may
\u25a0win and for the pleasure it affords her to
see them perform. -
Over at Emeryville, where hundreds of
Bleek-lookingr thoroughbred "horses are be
in? galloped Into condition for the forth
coming meeting of the New California
Jockey Club, there is one stable the
horses of which will run in the name of
a woman. The owner is Mrs. Madeline
Cone, formerly of Denver, whose mar
riage to and subsequent leave taking from
Walter R. DInmore created a nine days'
wonder here last year.
Mrs. Cone is a Kentuckian by birth and
absorbed her love of horses watching th«
foals kicking up their dainty heels on her
father's farm in the blue grass State,
famed alike for its great racehorses and
Its beautiful women.
Her Thoroughbreds Have
Won Consistently at Some
Eastern Meetings.
Latter Proves the Cleverer
• But Refuses to Mix
Matters.
Does All the Fighting in
Bout With Toby
Irwin.
Colors of Mrs. Cone Will
Be Seen on .Oakland
Track.
t™ horse has taken to self destruction. The first case of equine suicide ever, re
< portedvin this city occurred -yesterday, afternoon when "Mollie,"' the Hibefnia .Bank's
d^ faithful old steed, shuffled off the mortal coil by dashing headfirst against the- stanch
iron-gates opening onto the grass plot and courtyard on the west side of the bank.
"Mollie" ended her existence shortly before I o'clock; and nearly every attache of the
bank rushed out into the street to gaze in amazement upon the. poor animal that had sud
denly taken and carried into effect the strange notion to cut short her existence.
Dan Burns, the bank messenger, drove "Mollie". into the courtyard at dinner timei un
hitched her, as was his usual custom, and then strapped on the feed bag. The animal fate
nearly all of her oats,.then suddenly threw her head into the air and with a frenzied snort
dashed toward the heavy iron gate and destruction. The mare bolted against the thick iron
bars with terrific force. The big gate shuddered under the potent plunge, the strong lock
broke into a hundred pieces' and "Mollie" stumbled headlong with a broken neck into McAl
lister street. A large crowd gathered. Death came quickly.
. "Mollie's" memory will live long in the minds of the old attaches of the bank who re
.member the faithful old mare when she was a bristling young colt, and that was many years
ago, for/'Mollie's" career of usefulness would have soon been cut short from natural causes
had she not ended it herself.'
: Those connected with the bank are mystified over the freakish act of the animal. No
solution can be offered save that some one might have dropped something on her back from
a neighboring building, causing her intense fright." Then again "Mollie" might have dropped
into a quiet little nap, as horses sometimes do after their dinner, arid upon partial awakening
became frenzied with a dreamy fright that drove her to her own destruction. Two of the. iron
gate bars were bent fully a foot out of place by the collision. '.
HIBERNIA BANK'S FAITHFUL
OLD MARE COMMITS SUICIDE
MOWATT GAINS
THE DECISION
HORSES TO RACE
IN WOMAN'S NAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLV THURSDAY^ OCTOBER 24; ; 1 901;
8
10:25 am
6:20 pm
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lti«»t> »%n«l t*r* «*\u25a0** to »rrl»» *»
man nt.4N<:iM<:<>. '
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) '
ikavi — From Octobzb 6. 1901. — ARKIT*
IsOO.i Bsnida. Suisuu,- Elmira and 8»cra-
niento S:S.iF
1:OOa VaciTille. Wluters. Ramsey 7:i3p
1:34»a Martii;e/.. .Smi Umnou, V*llejo. Nap»,
C'almr.oga »uil b»nt» ttosa.' •<23p
StOt»A Davis. Wuodiautl. Knignts Landing,
Marysvill*. nrovillo..... 7:»»p
8:00a Atlautle K.i press— Ogden and EmI 13iS3p
N:«)Ua Nlles, L*thrup. Stockton "itS*T
BtOOAKUea. Meudota. Hanford. Visalia,
Forterrille 4riS3*
S:3Oa Shasta Express— Dails, Williama (for
Bartlett Springs;. Willows, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7lB3f
IiIIOa flau Jose, l.itennore. Mtiiekton,
Jntia, Macraninuto. Flaeri*ill«.
Mxrysilllr, Cliieti. Ks.1 KlulT 4i2.fr
MiSOa Oakdalr, Chinese, Sonora. Carten... 4:!»r
H:OOa H»ywanl, Nilt-s aud Way Stations.. * I '•**<
0:O«a Vallejo GlUi 12:25?
W:U»a Los Angeles Express — Martlnes.
Traey, Lathrop. Stookton. Mcrord
Fre»n« »nU Los Aniioles 7:2.%»
!)::tO* Vallrjn. Al«rtliies an<t Way Station! ?:»3p
1 Oimoa Thu OveTland f Jrnltert— Ocdeu, Dea-
rer, Omaha. Clilcagn 6iA3p
tl:»»t»p n«cr.tin<tiit» Kl»er Mionmers |3:«»*
S:3»r Ilayward. NUm ami Way HUtlons.. 7iS0p
4iu«r It-uicia, Winters, HaerameiOow
Wmullaiid. KnUliU l.audiug.
M..ryn»Illr, ()ro»ill»i 10:31*
lilUlf Martin**, Han lUinon. Vallejo,
Nn|«, rnlUtoK*.. Santa Rosa »-Mi
4rOOp Nile*. Lhermoie, Stockton. Lodl... 12 •-!.}?
4 >H«»i- H«ywarU. Ml««, San J««, Livcrmora HMtti
4i3»r Port Cos 'a. Tracy, Lalhrop, Stockton I»:a3*,
*:iM»r'Dio Owl Limlttul— Fresno, Tulare,
lUkernOeM, tiangiu for Santa Bu-
bara, f<ni Angeles 8:53*
•toop Martin' z. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno lS:23r
•i30r New Orleans Eiprei-s— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakers&eid. Loa Angeles,
Doming. El fuo, Kew Orleaaa
snd East 7ta3*
•tOOp Tlaynard, Mile* and Sau Jose 7iA.%4
ftt:OUr V»llej« 1 1:543*
tt:Ottr Oriental Hail— Ogtlen, Cheyenne;
- Oraajim, tfifcW 12:23?
•«OOp Oriental Mall— OgrJeo, Denier,
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:*3p
7«O«p OrvKtiu ami CalifumU Kx|ir«as.Mao-
rortlxn.i. I'nget S»immI aii.lKask S:33a
Si«3pS»n r»b!o. Port Costa, Mtrtiaei
and Way rttatloiis Ili23*
t»;O.1p Vallfj.. 1;.Vtp
COAST LINB (Narro» UM R t).
( Koot of Market Street.)
MsI.Ia Newark. Cmit«rTiSlr,.Saii .loss, Krl ton.
Boulder Criek,.S*nla Unix and Way
Kutloiw 3:3op
taiISp Kewnrk, Ceiilerville. »an J«s«, New
AlniaJen. Kelton. Itoiililor «;rrot.
Svnta Cms ar.il J*jri>icit>n.l Way
SUlIoiiS IOi.IOA
4tl.1p Newark, San .Ions. LnnGatos tM:3»A
c0.3or Haaters' Train— San Jcse and Way
Stations t?- at >P "
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS miCISC3-*ooi of Muktt Street (Slip 8H- 'i^'-
fi:14 0.00 11:00a.M. 1:03 S:JO 5:15f.w.
FftaiOilUIIO— T»»i «f 8r«ilw«».— tU:OO {s.00 13:05
10.00a.m. 12:03 5.03 i:C3r.M. _^
COAST IjIXK (Bread fiance).
(Third :iiid \u25a0fownseml Sts.)
AiIWa ,San Jo«e and Wsy HUtions. «::»«>p
T:IOa Han Jose nml Way SUtlmm I:HHp
/7s«»A New Alma<l-n / 4:lup
»>O«A Han Josn. Ties I'iooi. Mania Cinx.
PhcIUc «Jror», balinas, San Lull
Oblspo, Bant* Barbara and Pria-
' dps) intennedUto SUtloiis 7i-43p
1O:»Oa San Jess and Way dtattons... ....... 4:lwp
I l:a«»A Hail .lose antl Way HUttona &tU»p
fJ(i lap San M»tro. lU.Iwno-1. Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose.
Tres Piaos, Hanta Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and Pucllio MroTe fin:'l3«
Xi3Op San Jose and Way Stations. ........ O::t«» v
t4.ilSp San Jose ami Principal Way .Stations U:-ll»
tSiftttr S»n Joae. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ...... fDiOO*
ntXOr flan .lose and Prlneipul Way Stations 8:30a
OiOOr Redwood. Nan Jos*. GHr<>jr, SailDis,
Santa Barbara, Lo* Angeles 10:03*
Stnnp Sau Joae and Way Stations t*>"<»*
1ll;45r San Jose ami Way Stations •»3O»>
A for Morninc. I* for Afternoon,
t Snnday eiceptei J Snnday only.
• SttnidayoBly. jJtnttiUjajad VzlAxjt^
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
"TL^ve Via Sausalito Fcny Arn^
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
V K lav," »•*»* \u25a0\u25a0«.-»«-. I* Week"
Jai i 1?;S A A : Jig ;• m S -
1:15p. *-"- w -«i>v.<»U. I' °*° *'
*"***"*— . en xaszit miR uxi bausaiixo r i aa r.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
\ 629 HEABXY ST. EstablUhed
\ln 1S3-4 for the treatment of Private
W Disuses, Lost Manhood. Debility of
EdKrasi* wearlnjon hod.r and mind and
QSlcIn Diseases. The Doctor cures when
Mothers fall. Trj him. Charges low.
ifar«i:a»r»iilffd. CullorwriMk
Pr- J. *- W'BBOM. Mam Jrantdaco. CaL
WEElff CALL
6l v per Year.
Weak Men and Women
C HOUI.D USE DAMIANA BrTTERS Tahi
K^jrreat Mexican remedy; gives health anTf>
strength to sexual oreans. Depot. 323 Markecf
.^ADVEBTISElOaJTS.
'.^^em^sm^^^ APPENDICITIS— that dread-
\u25a0 .f^W^vY^mirtBi^P^^ ful fiend that threatens' the life
ffiSM^aBaSBaiBi^^^ of rich and poor, can attack
and kill • only those whose
f^^^H^^^^^S' cleaned out, purified and disin-
fected the year 'round. One
d^^fift whose liver is dead, whose
'f^^^^mMmm/m bowels and /J°^ ach^ are fu l ! ? f
H^^^^^^^^ffl^W half-decayed food, whose whole
body is unclean inside, is a
\^^^^^^^^^^^^0^ quick and ready victim of ap-
/^^r^^^^^TTi si SMf^Mft y° u wan * *° be sa^ e a s a^ ns *
( M( '^--^^^yjl^l^ W0W^ the scourge, keep in good health
keep them pure and clean, pro-
; . tected against appendicitis and
A1X EPIDEMIC DISEASES. It's CASCARETS that will keep
and save you. Take thttn regularly and you will find that all dweasesof the
stomach, fiver and bowels are absolutely cured by Cascarcts. Get a box, 10c,
prove their merit and you will never be without Cascarets. Sample and booklet free.
v Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. jxb
McKlNLEY'S STORY OF
LAST VISIT TO HIS THE COCOS ISLAND
FARM. TREASURE.
DOMESTIC PETS GEMS FROM
BEFORE THE CAMERA, THE CAMERA CLUfi.
smHiiiisiflililMfcimiiliiiill IK I 1 «i!»«|g£l5
THE SUMMER -GYM" THLVWOMJEN OF THE
AT MILLS COLLEGLv GR AU OPERA CO.
THE PASSING OF CHINA- THIRD INSTALLMENT
TOWN AS VIEWED BY OF^GPJ^USTAR^'fULL
THE ARTISTS . OF EXCiTING INCIDENTS
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER* ST. ft
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, fo»i mi tkm%0k H.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30,* 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Kxtra trip
at 11:30 v. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Jd
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
6:00. 6:») p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtm trips at 1:5a
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. iM.
S:05. 6:25 p. m.
L?ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Eun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30am S:0Oam Xovato... 10:40am 8:40am.
S :30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:15 ara
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Hosa. 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
? Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor. 10:25 am
> 5:00 pm liealdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton. -.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm| Hopland 110:40 am)10:25 am
2:30 pm I 8:00 am | and Uklah. | 7:35 pen | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm n:0O pm Glen Ellen, 6:05 pm] 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlJle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pcimo. Potter Valley
; John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, BucknelTa*
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. 'Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City.- Fort . Bragg. West-
port. Usal, Willlts. Laytonvllle, Cummins
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sundays rcund-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at ha.f rates.
Ticket office. KO Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
II. C. WHITIXG. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Daily
Lv. "Pan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:43 a 11:10 p I:« o
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p i :1 s a 9:U £
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:J0 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vipalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Hakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan:City 2:40a 7:30a
" . Chicago.. ........1 2:15 p 9:00 p
a (or morning, p for afternoon. <
•9 a. m. train Is the California Limited
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clasj
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no i local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. dally. • , • \u25a0
8:00 p.. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepera and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Correspond Ins train arrives at 5:55 p ra .
dally. 1 • • \u25a0 - • ; .••\u25a0.. '
7:20 a. m. Is BakersfleM Local. Btopplnc
\u25a0at all points. in San Joaquin Valley. Corre
tpcndlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferrr
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak'
land.
HORTH PACIFIC i COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallt* F*rry.
Commencing bt;ptei..Ocr Zj 190L
from san a franc^ C O a to a m£ll vallet
week days— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30 1100 > ™
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley anrl San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and SatuT
days (at 3:30 and 11:40 p. m. .-__ & atur-
. SUNDAYS— *S:00. «10:00. »U:30 a m. »l-«
3:15. M:43. 6:30. 9:30 p. m. « »- m.. l.U,
Trains marked Htun to San Quentin .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISPO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. . 6:27. 7:45 g-« ,£?:
a. m.. -12:25. 2:15. •3:35. 4:40. 5:30 'p m 10:U
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, \ V S'n M d. *
an'. Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p ; " edn e»d*T»
SUNDAYS— 6:15/ "S^. »10:00 •m'-js .
•l:40.-»3:15. 4:43, »6:30 p. m. *• m -
Trains marked (•) start from San Onn»i.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO slv frVS', 1^
WEEK DATS-5:45. e :45. 7 55 ££ CIS ,99x
a.m.. 12:33.2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p nTv **• 10:M
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday^ TV.*,, '.*'*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and-lO^ p \u25a0 rn^ edae8<lay '
SUNDAYS-S:03. 10:C5 a. m. r-ol' J-ii vw
5:00. «:45p.:m. .' i - Ua « *•»* '=».
_ THROUGH TRAINS
tllr^ *' Wei ! k days-Cazadero "and way sta-
m " £a . turday - D «nc a n Mill, and w ay
•.u«*o«£ "• Mllls'and wa,
sS "me 1 .^ 3 " \u25a0 bo * t r..«« «««« will Wn on
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
1 li y^K Tk e first thing t«3 do when
I J£ y° u have made up your mind to
P J&w % a^V\ £° east 1S to C^ c nearest
I Jmr B w\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for .
I <&&¥ 1 H a *°^ er descriptive of the
It. lv Burlington
I Oyorli«inn
1 /?""%: w ci I Hi hi.
\u25a0I^L^Jr I Jf xcu ?l ons
1 fMfflffli^fflMm/' l£ contains just the informa-
m^^^^^SfM ' tion >' ou need — time-tables; a §
3 Tf . •»Hc__s fc £3i!sc2r / map; illustrations of Burlington
I / tourist sleeping cars, and a de- i
| / scription of the scenery en route.- ' • \
M 3 S IOMMiIMiJ -^ ays a ftursdays — Omaha, Chi- *
H q iig^^"^ IRfl!Ti^9sl ca^o. Kansas City, St. Louii— t
a / tsHllsiili>lB| w D Sanborn, GenT Agt.,
« f I '/ ' ' 631 Market street, San Francisco. 6
4- I have cured men who. were worse off than you are. Your back 4"
I aches,; your head is dizzzy, your digestion poor, your nerves weak, your* Z
3.: ambition and"couragc : gone and your mind often despondent You are T
\u25ba•• weak, debilitated, but Electricity will cure you. - -. 4>
$ Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt |
± Is made for you. Can't you -see that it has' cured thousands of men and ?
4- women, too, who thought there, was no cure for them? - It Rives electric *J-
*.; lite to every organ, and restores full vigor and health. .It will cure you T
? in two or three months. : ., ' iJL
I Varicbcele Cured, $
I DR MCLAUGHLIN," . \ Boulder Creek, Cal. Oct 14 1001 T
.J. •\u25a0; • Dear Sir :-I. should- have reported to. you sooner, but I have been awav "**
t nL a^° nth - ; ?°, wever V \' a "'-Pteased -to inform you that Shi belt ha> ?lul f
A. li led our expectations. I have no aches or pains now. and the varicocele has V
± ?ht a ? pear ,1 d i ' - 1 ; dld not inl f' atone ' tlme ' th at It .was possible for me to <''
relief from my-sufferlngs. but . the. belt^ certainly has benefited ml 4*
J \u25a0 nS d T l A?F £, B / eat deal bettCr r t H an J have been ' f or yeart"" I ? ee1 as you^ t
" hll n iS thl I ty y ears t a S°- / J \u25a0 have praised the belt to. all whom I know to T
*"vnii of such treatment, and nothing.could induce me to part with mine t
j. x ours very truly, . «>.;.; ; ' . *•.. .,; , - \u25a0 JOHN PAGE. ' T
21 p rP p T^ci- 1 I wan t_ everyv sufferer". from Sciatica,; Rheumatism. , X
rrCKi I eSl ; Lame Back, Kidney or Bladder Troubles 1 General- ?
••7 A _4 1 .;:.'-: / Nervous. or Vital Indigestion/ etc to t
p* Free Book test^my-Belt irtc atrny.office. If you can't call, -1
J .-;..\u25a0.\u25a0.-;\u25a0• - - . - - i send for my^book ; about it, free. Inclose* this ad
- : Dr M C. MpI midhlfn 7O2 market street, £
hi"*. 9 l VvV.; i Tltl J aVgniin, ; cor. K e arny..SanFran C l aC o. %
•,; ;_ ;! > \u25a0.':". Office Hours— 8 a. m.- to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, io to 1. 4«"The Beaux and Belles" octet Is the
Orpheum's star show of the week" and
with a repertoire of everything that is
good in their, line • and the best way of
doing it whiles away a too short min
ute to the nightly. delight of "the'Orpheum
crowds. Mignonette Kokin is a fetching
little dancer and Francis Le Page, John
Geiger, Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, De
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker, Joe,
Myra and Buster. Keaton and the) blo
graph complete the attractive bill.
Next week the Alcazar will put on
"Tennessee's Pardner," with Agnes Ran
kin in the principal role.
The Central has this week a good per
formance of "The Cotton King," the big
industrial melodrama. The mechanical
effects, in. the great "cotton mill scene"
are surprisingly realistic and "throughout
the performance is a satisfactory one;
Next week the attraction will be "The
Great Northwest."
"A Female Drummer" is doing rather
dull business at the California Theater
this week. It owes what merit it has to
the efforts of Johnstone Bennett, who as
sumes the leading role.
The California's next attraction will be
"Sporting Life," beginning Sunday nigh^.
The big scenic production comes here di
rect from extended runs in New York and
Chicago, and among the many sensational
features of the piece is a horse race and
a realistic prizefight. Lillian Lamson,
sister of Nance O'Neil, is the leading lady
of the company.
with Walter E. Perkins at the head of
things. Perkins is naturally funny and
he has a role in "The Man From Mexico"
that suits him. One looks and laughs and
that's the end of it. Mr. Perkins is well
supported by the Grand Opera-house stock
company, particularly by Miss Laura Nel
son Hall as. Clementina Fitzhugh. There,
are more laughs coming next week when
"My Friend From India" will be the bill.
ARTISTS WHO HAVE EARNED DESERVED PRAISE FOR PLEASING
WORK, ONE IN GRAND OPERA AT THE TIVOLI, THE OTHER IN
HIGH-CLASS COMEDY AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER.
Deputy Fish Commissioner M. H. Cross
brought a large consignment of black bass
to this city yesterday, which will be sent
to the Hawaiian Islands on the Sonoma.
It has been determined by thorough . in
vestigation that this species of bass can
be propagated in the streams on the Is
lands.
Send Black Bass to Hawaii.
In conclusion permit me to say that the crime
for whltfh ; these men stand - Indicted ' is the
blackest that has ever been committed in the
history of this State; that, notwithstanding all
the discouraging facts hereinbefore mentioned,
I am nevertheless keenly sensible that the honor
of both the State of California as. well as that
of Modoc County is involved In this prosecution;
and that I Intend to prosecute these defendants
with all the vigor and energy at my command;
and, to that end, I hereby direct you to proceed
with the arraignment of Defendants Leventon,
Brown and Kades, and to have their trial set
for Monday, . the eleventh day • of November,
1301, or as soon thereafter as may be, having
the cases so set that the defendant Brown will
be first trled^ \u25a0_' .
I am aware that certain newspapers in your
county have seen fit to disparage the prosecu
tion in this case, and have referred to my ef
forts and those -of my subordinates therein in
an unfair and apparently malignant spirit.
I am also aware that- you were present with
my representatives at. the examination of the
lynching cases by your Grand Jury, and I am
Informed by my representatives that you and
they were agreed that the evidence, there ad
duced, warranted the indictment of Leventon,
Brown and Eades, and tbat you and my repre
sentatives were fully convinced of the guilt of
the men indicted: an<J; as you "have not as
signed a belief In the innocence of the" Indicted
men as one of your reasons for desiring to dis
miss these cases, I am warranted m assuming
that you still believe, as do my representatives,
that the indicted men are unquestionably guilty.
Denounces the Crime.
As you are aware, I sent two of my deputies,
Messrs. Post and Sturtevant, to your county to
assist you at the examination of the lynching
matter by your Grand Jury, the result of which
was the Indictment of the defendants— Brown,
Leventon and Eades.. I subsequently sent Mr.
Sturtevant again to your county to assist you
in certain matters incident to the case that
came up : before your Superior Court, includ
ing the arraignment of .these defendants. I have
spent several hundreds of dollars of the funds
of this office in an endeavor to aid you in en
forcing the law. ' .
I am aware that the Supervisors of your coun
ty have rejected the claim of the shorthand re
porter who took down the testimony given be
fore the Grand Jury after having been advised
by this office that the claim was a legal charge
and should be t>aldt
I am aware that a brass band went to 'your
County Jail and - serenaded the Indicted men.
'The Attorney General at once sent a
telegram in reply, ordering the arraign
ment and trial of the defendants. Brown,
Leventon and Eades. A - letter was also
mailed to Mr. Bonner. It is in part as
follows:
I will not attempt to express my utter sur
prise at the astounding contents of your com
munication. That Modoc County Is willing to
rest under, the awful and shameful stigma of
the Lookout lynching I do not believe, nor can
I reconcile the sentiment and suggestions of
your communication with the official duties of
a District Attorney.. \u25a0 _ . .
Attorney - General , Indignant.
Please advise me at once In the matter as to
your wishes. These defendants have been held
practically in. solitary confinement for nearly
five months and the county sympathy is very
strong. • • . ." . " ' - : .-. _, . V ,
I arrived home ! yesterday afternoon to find
that petitions for dismissal are being signed by
leading citizens all over the county, irrespective
of political lines or geographical. My candid
judgment is the entire county desires It. I hon
estly consider further prosecution entirely use
less of these defendants. Even the Grand Jury
Itself or a majority have expressed a desire for
dismissal of the cases. Unless you can give me
strong additional evidence I will consider It my
duty to move dismissal of these cases. I think
you and the rest of us can at this late day dis
miss with perfect propriety to all concerned.
I do not feel disposed to continue these mat
ters. • . ' . ' "
The astounding Information that the
people and officials of Modoc County de
sire to dismiss the charges against the
three Lookout! lynching suspects, now iu
confinement at Alturas, was conveyed '.o
the Attorney General yesterday through
a communication to Deputy C. E. Post
from the District ' Attorney of Modoc
County, -who also states that ho himself
thinks the matter should be dropped,-»The
Attorney General has replied with a let
ter which expresses in plain terms his
opinion of the District Attorney and all
others who adhere to the same view.
District Attorney Bonner's letter is as
follows: \u25a0 . \u25a0 , '•• • •
Attorney General Writes a
Stinging Rebuke to the
Authorities.
People of Modoc County
Sympathize With
Prisoners.
WANT LYNCHING
SUSPECTS FREED
The Mayor and committe of Supervi
sors have issued a call for the State con
vention to be held in San Francisco No
vember 21 for the purpose of memorializing
Congress to re-enact the Chinese exclu
sion act The convention, Is to consist of
representatives chosen by all public
bodies, civic societies and labor organiza
tions, specifically as* follows:
Senators and Representatives In Congress:
the Governor and all State ofilclals; members
of the Legislature;- members of Board of bu
perviBors and the Mayors and legislative bod
ies of Incorporated cities and towns; delegates
to the number of five from each county, to
be chosen by the Board of Supervisors; dele-
Kates to the number of five, to be chosen by
the legislative body of each Incorporated city
and town; delegates to the number of three
from each Board of Trade, Chamber of Com
merce Municipal League, Merchants' Asso
ciation and municipal Improvement club or
other civic organization In the State of- Cali
fornia- delegates to the number of three from
each trade and labor union in the State of
California. .
The convention will be held in Metropol
itan Temple, beginning at 2 p. m., No
vember 21. The call issued is as follows:
To the people of the State of California: The
Chinese exclusion act, after having been in
existence for about ten years, will expire In
May 1902 and at the next session of Congress
the question oi Us re-enactment shall have
to be decided. - *
The Chinese Government, through Us Minister
and Consuls, have already attempted to in
fluence public opinion by appeals and petitions
and other means known to diplomacy.
It Is sufficient now to remind the American
people that , should the bars be let i down an
enormous Immigration of Chinese coolies would
lnunlate this country and overwhelm its free
working population. \u25a0
The standard ! of American civilization, our
schools, churches, employment and family life,
our greatness in peace and power In war ane
at Issue. '\u25a0'•
We Invite you to meet In convention In San
Francisco Thursday, November "21, to discuss
this question and to take appropriate action
as voicing the sentiment of California, the
State most exposed to the Impending danger,
by memorializing Congress. . \u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0Jhe proceedings shall be reported and cir
culated for the enlightenment of the people of
the United States. , •
The Board of Supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco. By Its special com
mittee. JAMES D. PHELAN, Chairman,
SAMUEL BRAUNHART,
- JAMES P. BOOTH,
JOSEPH S. TOBIN.
L. J. DWYER,
CHARLES BOXTON, - ~ .."~: a .»;
I Honorary Secretary.
H. A. MASON, Acting Secretary-
Great State Meeting to
Demand Exclusion
of Chinese.
CALL IS ISSUED
FOR CONVENTION
OLD OIL RATE
IS RESTORED
Re-established Pending
Rehearing" of the
Case.
The- Railroad called . a
special meeting yesterday to consider the
petlilon of the Southern Pacific and the
Santa Fe • railroad companies for , a re
hearing of the Bakersfleld . oil-rate • case.
Commissioner B. B. Edson was J In • the
chair and Blackstock was also present.
Laumelster did not attend, the meeting.
Edson opened the meeting by stating
that the two railroad' companies ; -had pe
titioned for a lehearinu of -the case. He
read the' Southern Pacific Company's ar
gument for a new trial, and at its close
Etated that he thought that enough evi
dence, had not been submitted In the caae
and that he was in favor of rehearing.
Commissioner Blackstock seconded the
motion and offered a resolution to theef
fest that pending the rehearing of tho
case the new rate of 37 8-10 cents, ordere.1
by the Commissioners for transportation
of oil from Bakersfleld to San Francisco,
be discontinued and that the old rate of
42 cents be restored.'
This motion was carried and Chairman
Edson ordered that the rehearing -of the
case be set for November 12.
This action on the part of the Commis
sioners created great surprise. - It . was
thought that when the board made the?
recent order reducing the price of thij
transportation of oil it would be agreeable
to all parties concerned. •
CHEAPEST THIP OE ALL
TO
MONTERET— SANTA CRUZ.
For two dollars you can take a fine Oc
tober trip to thes^aeaside Sunday, 27th.
Monterey excursion leaves Third and
Townsend streets 7:30 a^ m., and Santa
Cruz, via narrow-gauge -ferry., 7:45 a. m.
Five hours at seaside.
Runaway Boy Found.
Guy Buttrlck, an Oakland boy, who ran
away from his home about three • weeks
ago, was found by the officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children yesterday. He was sent to the
Mission of the Good Samaritan, where ho
will be properly cared for. '„ • •
Decides Against Dr. O'Donnell.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Dr. C. C. O'Donnell was not entitled
to a place on the ticket for the Mayoralty
of the city. This decision practically puts
an end to his efforts toward this end.
The Chutes and Zoo have acquired
Harry Harmon and his big dive as a
special attraction this week. The usual
amateur bill to-night will be a "ladles'
woodsawlns contest." \
responsible for an unusually good bill at
Fischer's this week. Hinrichs' orchestra
has some attractive numbers.
The Grand Opera-house has a winner
this week in "The Man From Mexico,"
but Mary Kelty as Agnes and Estelle
Carter as Mrs. Van Alstyne are both good
In their respective roles. Mrs. Sarah
Cowell Le Moyne, in the new historical
play, "The First Duchess of Marl
borough," will follow.
" "The Henrietta" at the Columbia, In the
competent hands of Stuart Robson~and
his company, is delighting good audiences
every evening. A more finished and satis
fying conception than that of Mr. Robson
as Bertie the Lamb would be difficult to
imagine and. Maclyn Arbuckle's Old Nick
Is almost equally picturesque. Of the
feminine members of the company Miss
Dorothy Rossmore as the fascinating
widow, Mrs. .Opdyke, is most pleasing,
at the popular house. The opera
is excellently cast, and went with spirit
and considerable smoothness. For the
first time this season Montanari is heard
in a role that fully suits her, the grace
ful and pathetic little figure of the Paris-
Ian grisette, Miml, and she is wholly sym
pathetic and pleasing In the part. Agos
tlni is a splendid Rudolph, singing mag
nificently and acting with ardor and truth.
His duet with Montanari in the first scene
was exquisite, Repetto Is a dainty Mu
setta. playing and singing her part with
grace and spirit. The Bohemian trio,
Schaunard, Marcel and Colline, are re
spectively sang by Zani, who does effect
ive work, as the hungry musician: Fer
rari, whose Marcel is conceived in a clever
comedy spirit, and Dado, whose fine
basso was invaluable in Colline's part.
Dado was encored enthusiastically in the
pathetic song to his old coat. Cortesi does
very good work— he has been a useful
member of the company this season— In
the usual double role of Benoit, the hard
hearted landlord, and Alcindoro. - The
opera is admirably staged and costumed,
and barring longish waits between acts
goes easily and smoothly. It is a little
boisterous in places, but will doubtless
tone down with further presentments.
"La Boheme" goes again to-night and
"Norma," with Avedano, Barbareschi,
Pollettini and Dado, comes to-morrow.
THE Tivoll was crowded Tuesday
night to its capacity for the in
itial performance of "La Bo
heme," the first time of its giving
SOTJTEE VnXTD CAUSES
CHANGE IN WEATHER
3Iore Bain predicted for To-Day and
Commercial Interests Warned of
Severe Storms.
The perceptible change in the tempera
ture yeuterday from that of the previous
two days was due, according to the
Weather officials, to the advent of
the south" wind, which occurred Tuesday
night —
The first rain for three weeks cam© with
the wind and although San Francisco was
not affected to any -considerable extent,
the country to the north was treated to
a series of showers. Throughout Southern
California the weather was cloudy, with
Btrone "Kinds.
It Is predicted that the city will be vis
ited- wliij more rain to-day than yester
day, with perhaps a heavy downfall to
ward night. The raisin growers have
been warned to shelter their crops with
out furrher delay and shipping interests
have b«en Informed that there -will be a
6trong southeast gale along the coast
Van den Berths File Another Contest
Flora, Julie and Daisy Van den Bergh
and Eleanore Van den Bergh Geist filed a
contest yesterday of the will of John P. P.
Van den Bergh. -who died Nov. 30 4 1893,
leaving i valuable estate to his two minor
children. The contestants claim that Rt
the time of his death Van den Bergh, who
was 64 years of. age, was not of sound
ralnd. This is the fourth contest Instituted
by the children, who were cut off by the
aged capitalist. The previous contest3
were decided In favor of the minor chil
dren-
Cadets to Have a Benefit.
The League of the Cross Cadets Auxil
iary \u25a0will give an entertainment • next
Wednesday evening at Mission Parlor
Hall for the benefit of the armory and
uniform fund of Company B. A number of
professionals will appear through the per
mission of the theatrical managers. Tho
entertainment will commence at 7;30 and
\u25a0will be followed by a dance. The affair
Is in chExpe of the following: F. A. Koch,
W. V.* Johnson, W. J. O'Connor, T. J.
Crowe and J. J. Bums.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ar
rested M. C. Hogan of South San Fran
cisco yesterday for the abuse of his
horses. Out of fourteen of the beasts
owned l>y Hogan It was found that five
\u25a0were unable to perform work and they
were accordingly condemned.
Arrested for Cruelty.
Baron Alexander Kahlbahrs. the Rus
sian general who commanded the Czar's
troops in Manchuria, arrived from the
Orient on the steamship City of Peking
yesterday. He is en route to St. Peters
burg, but whether to be disciplined re
mains to be seen. It has been stated that
the famous order which was interpreted
In Manchuria to read: "Drive the Chinese
Into the Amur." in reality read: "Drive
the Chinese across the Amur,", and that
when the terrible news of the affair reach
ed the Czar's ears he was much dis
pleased. The general "gives no intimation
that he is on his way to St. Petersburg
to make any explanation to this effect
When the villagers were forced into the
river by the Cossacks it was estimated
that about 15,000 were drowned. The river
at places; was choked. Whole villages,
\u25a0vrith their thousands of citizens, were
wiped ofE the face of the earth, and not
one was left to tell the tale of Russian
cruelty. On the banks of the river every
house was razed with the exception of
tne 6tone and mud chimneys and a few
lempies.
General Kahlbars has been forty years
a soidler and looks a man whom nothing
would diiunt. Years ago he was appointed
Minister of War for Bulgaria for honor
able services. He was a member of the
Interns tonal Commission appointed in
1ST9 to fix the boundaries in the Balkans.
He entered the Kussian army in lfctil and
has participated in every war since that
time. His record is a brilliant one and
this fact caused the Czar to appoint him
to the supreme command of the Manchu
rian forces in August of last year. He was
then in Paris at the exposition. He re
ceived a telegram from the War Depart
ment to proceed with the utmost dispatch
to Manchuria. He lid so, going out over
the trajis-Siberlan Railway. General
ICah bahrs said yesterday:
I force 1 all the Chinese generals In Man
cfcsiria ti> surrender, together with all their
pien and arms. The last troops to surrender
Before I departed from Manchuria were 7000
n}en. I janlcipated In four expeditions against
the Chinese. I was In supreme command, and
forced the Chinese back Into the mountains.
The expelitlons were most difficult, and every
result was accomplished after great effort. No
carriages or wagons could be carried 'Into the
mountains, and It was only .by pushing the
Chinese backward that we finally brought them
to terms. The subjugation of the province is
complete, and It is entirely under the domina
tion of S.ussia at the present time.
This tisx opened the way for the trans-Si
berian railway to conEtruct Its road down
through the province to Port Arthur, riving
a rtretch of railroad tfrcm the Yellow Sea to
Moscow. At Port Arthur our Paeiac fleet is
mobilized. At Tallen Wan the commercial ship,
ping is gathered. I left Manchuria September
23. and will proceed by easy stages to St.
Petersbui-g-
Accused of Great Cruelty
in Drivirig the Chinese
Into the Amurv ;^ i
Baron Kahlbahrs, Fa
mous Manchurian
Soldier, Is Here.
CZAR SUMMONS
HIM TO RUSSIA
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 124, 1901.
Stuart' Robson^t the Columbia, Walter E. Perkins at the Gratid,
'* "A Female Drummer' ' at the California, t4 The Cotton King"
at the Central and the Orpheurh Stars Draw Crowded Houses
"LA BOHEME" AT THE TIVOLI
PRETTILY STAGED AND SUNG
The Gelssler - Hlrschhorn , Tyrolean
troupe, George Jones. Maud de Alma,
Harry Holmes, Herr Huber, Eleanore Jen
kins and Claire Fex,are the entertainers
9
GEAPE-NUTS.
STATEMENT
— — OB" THiS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COJJ-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1300, and for the year ending; on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provisions of sections 610 and €11 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $1,250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..... .1801,300 0O
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 857,700 00
Cash Market -Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 7.178.654 33
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7.S00 00
Cash In Company's Office 123.231 S3
Cash in Banks ' 730,313 SO
Interest due and accrued on all
.-Stocks and Loans 53 33
Interest due i and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 24,832 19
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 1.233,541 33
Rents due and accrued 1469 69
Due from other Companies for Re- ;-;-\u25a0\u25a0 '
' insurance on losses already paid... 9.573 S3
Total' Assets $10,379,255 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid." $232,623 U
Losses in process of Adjustment or.
In Suspense 367.659 S3
Losses resisted. Including expenses... S4.S68 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $4,917,433 16;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2.45S.727 SS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- - ;
nlntr more than one year. $6,022,-
867 05;- reinsurance pro rata 3,008,313 li
Commissions and Brokerage due and
! to become due 84,300 0©
Total Liabilities .$6,206.105 12
: . INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium* JS.684.748 53
Received for interest on Bonds and
1 Mortgages 61.660 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
, all other sources 312.84S 7«
Received for Rents 13.6S2 tl
" Total Income $7,072,934 6 >
.. . . EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
; eluding J606.386 84, losses of prevl- \u25a0
ous years) I4.371.9o7 C8
Dividends to Stockholders 400,000 itf
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,163.657 31
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 511,705 Oi
Paid for State, National and Local
* taxes •• 197,320 98
All other payments and expenditures 641.808 G4
Total Expenditures $7.2S6,650U
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $5,012.533 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks _
y^?..^*.*. 11 .? $705,252,502 $8,442.1*51
Net amount of Risks , . . -
: K.^..^ 663,432.202 7.898.152 35
Net amount in force •
December 3L 1900.. 962.575.C69 10,940.322 31
GEO.-L. CHASE, President.
. • . p. C. ROTCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thia 4t2»
day of January, 1901
DANIEL J. GLAZIER. Notary Public
Pacific Department,
-\u25a0 313 California St., San Francises.
Henry K. Belden, Manager,
* Whitney Paiac he, A sst. Manager.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
J, O'BRIEN & CO,
Will Place on Sale This Day
•-. \u25a0 ':-\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 7- ' : ; ,": '.: ' : : \u25a0 :' .' ' '-for— '• . ,
Ladies, Misses and Children.
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, value for $2.50, sale aa.
price ... . i . . . '.'.-. . \u25a0 ....... . . . . '.''. ' . ... . '£ .... ... . • • > . ""C
' - LADIES^ BLACK AND COLORED SKIRTS, nj^
f value] for $1.25, sale price. ....... . . . ; . ...... .^i . ., *«5v
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED ** rn
; GOLF SKIRTS, value for $4.00, sale price.;. : «pL#.3U
;LADIES': TAILOR MADE JACKETS, <M aa
value for $7.00, sale price. . ... .... . ... . .... . . . '\«|rl'vv
LADIES' BLACK \u25a0 ASTRACHAN\ CAPES, >|':AA'
value for. $5. 00, sale price. . . ... . . . . ..... ... ... . ; V«J«UU
'•_ CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for $5.00, tfirCA
sale price . . . . ... . . . . ... . . ........ ...*... . • ; ./ vA»v"
TAILORED SUITS ; will ''be .offered -at :a. GREAT
BARGAIN. % ...
LADLES' FANCY. SHAWLS at a GREAT BAR-
rGAiN.' . . jjlpr ;" " , \u25a0•
LADIES' FUR CAPES will be sold cheap.
Suits made to order. Perfect fit guaranteed.
J. O'BRIEN & CO.,
1146 MARKET STREET.
A SCIENTIFIC BREAKFAST.
Rightly selected food will cure more
than hsJf the diseases. Try a scientific
and healthy breakfast Fruit of some
kind, preferably cooked: a dish of Grape-
ICuts, with cream; two soft-boiled eggs.
Put two eggs in a tin pint cup of boiling
water, cover and set off for nine minutes
Whites will then be the consistency of
cream and most easily digested. One
slice of bread with butter; cup of Postum
Cereal irood Coffee.
On th.it breakfast you can work like a
horse and be perfectly nourished until
noon. Tour nervous troubles, heart pal-
pitation, Btomach and bowel troubles,
kidney complaints and various other dis-
orders will gradually disappear and firm
solid health will set in.
Why? You have probably been living
on poorly selected food, that is, food that
does not contain the required elements
the body "needs. That sort of food, and
coffee, :s the direct or Indirect cause* oC
more than half the ills the human body
acquires!.
Grape-Nuts is a perfectly cooked food
and both that and the Postum Food Coi-
tee contain flne microscopic particles oi
phosphate of potash obtained In a natural
way from the grains of the field and by
scientific food experts incorporated into
food and drink. That element Joins with
the albumen In food to make gray matter,
tfhich is the filling of the brain cells and
the nerve centers all over the huma?i
body.
A man or woman thus fed Is scientifical-
ly fed end rapidly grows In vigor and vi-
tality, £.nd becomes capable of conducting
Euccess:!ully the affairs of life. To pro-
duce a perfect body and a money-making
brain the body must have the right klnil
of food, and the expert food specialist
knows iaow to make it That is Grape-
pv'uts and PoEtum Cereal Food . Coffee,
\roducefl at the pure-food factories oC
the PoEtum Cereal Co.. Ltd., at Battle
Creek, Mich.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
E-vtrytMng that tends to
•peed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Eeserva
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market stre«t.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE
SANTA FE
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
\ 8AN BBMTO CO. \u25a0
We offer some stock for sola In thia mine at
EOc per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build' a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 100O feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
laii with buildings and machinery. . We want
you to see this mine. The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
7 North Market St., San Jose. CaL
: Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
- 413 KEARNY STREET, San Francisco."
' F. DE FREITA8, Agent. ?
DIRECTORY
r OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Hailed
- " 'r ' on Application.
: BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard ' Co.. • late ! Jacob - Strahl*
*& Co. (est'd. 1852), 17 and 19 Fremont St.; upon
installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANO Plb I RON.
JC- WILSON & CO., :&£J2Hi&Stk:
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO. .gS^ffiagW 1 *?
: ,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\-."- ; : .'••/.' !'\u25a0>\u25a0 oils. \u25a0
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
418, Front St., 8. F. Phone Main 1711. \u25a0
l|f||l;-'. ;,.\pRlNTma...'. '.'.\u25a0.;"..-.. )
; PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
. a First street. Saa FrancUco.
V PAINE'S CEZJESttT COMPOUND.
CUB A LEARNS FROM U.S.
HOW TO KEEP WELL
American Health Methods— Enormous De-
iand for Paine's Celery Compound.
Whatever else has been accomplished Molina is but one of many promi-
in Cuba, the health of the island has nent Cubans who have publicly ad-
been wonderfully improved, vised the use of Paine's celery com-
In Havana the change has been Pound basing their recommendations
magical; streets have been asphalted, °. n the benefit they themselves have de-
sewers built, buildings whitewashed and n \ e T d fron J lts use - *
drug stores supplied with scientific, up- Not only among business men, law-
to-date preparations. The demand for vers - clergymen and physicians, but
Paine's celery compound has grown to f. mon * aU classes of thoughtful, intel-
enormous proportions. ' h S ent .P eo P le . Paine s celery com-
The following statement from E. J. P°«°? 1S the one reliable remedy for
Molina of the Havana Custom House building up the system when it 13 run
shows the standing Paine's has already own - . l \ 1S the greatest nerve and
secured among the most progressive, bram mvigorator the world has ever
energetic people of Havana: known. \u25a0 ,^
.Havana, Cuba, Feb. 4, IQOI. If your, wife, daughter or. sister w
Wells & Richardson Co.: pale, languid, headachy and irritable,
Dear Sirs-I take great pleasure in Persuade her to try Paine's celery
stating that I have used your Paine's compound. If your husband, son or
celery compound, both while in the brother cannot eat, sleep or work, and
United States as well, as in this city, d/™ 5 *' dyspeptic and despondent, ra-
and find it to be of wonderfully restor- to take Paine s ccIery com -
ative 'power, especially in this enerva- p It restores a worn and weak nervous
ting climate. - . system to healthy vigor.
Very truly yours, \. There can be no substitute for
E.J. MOLINA. ' Paine's celery compound.Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Corn ruled strong from
the outset, though . the pit was not specially
active. At thei opening cables', were indifferent
and prices .for December, were* a shade 'lower
to •• a shade higher at , SSHSSS^c. At once It
wag apparent, however.' , that the liquidation
that characterized the pit ydsterday had ceased.
The shorts began to feel uneasy and though
the early trade was flat and dull when there
came news : of a few; sales . to- the \u25a0 Southwest
prices began to advance rapidly. ' December
sold to 56%@56%c and closed strong, 114c above
yesterday's close at 66%@66%c. - : . - :,>.-\u25a0
Wheat experienced a dull, narrow market
but had a firm lundertone throughout the > ses
sion. All news ,. was \u25a0 bullish" save; the'indif
ferent cables of the European markets. Ar
gentina drouth damage : Btill was ,'of , prime in
terest, though In the markets where this crop
is the greatest factor there" was no appreciable
advance. Northwestern receipts, still were
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,'
20;236; exports, 3196 , barrels. Firm and more
active. '.
WHEAT— Receipts, 188,355; exports, 28,300
bushele; spot, firm. ' No.' 2 red, 78c afloat; No.
2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1 hard Duluth, 82%c
f. . o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 78%°
f. . o. b. afloat. \u25a0 - * . • :
Options opened easy on cables, but recovered
immediately and were firm all day. '.'Closed
firm. 1 A<@%c net higher. May closed 73%c; Oc
tober closed 75%c; December closed. 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. " .
WOOL— Quiet. •
COFFEE— Spot Rio, weak; No. 7 Invoice, 7c;
mild." quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc.
SUGAR-^Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3Hc.
BUTTER — Receipts, 6079 packages. State
dairy,- 14@21c; creamery, . 15@22o; . June, cream
ery, 17%@21V4c; factory, 12V4@15c. -. ; 
• EGGS— Receipts, 8843 packages; steady. West
ern candled. .2H4c: Western uncandled, 16(g;21c.
DRIED FRUITS.'
,The : volume of business in the market for
evaporated . apples to-day ' reached moderate
proportions. The feeling was steady. State
common to good, 6@8c; prime, 8V4c; choice, 9c;
fancy, 914@9%c. . •\u25a0 - \u25a0 . -
California dried fruits, inactive.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. -, ..... *. ',...-....':
APRICOTS— Royal. 8'4@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, U@18c;- unpeeled, 6(§.9iic.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day:
Grapes— Tokays, 93c@$l S5, average $1 4S; clus
ters, $195; Tokays, double crates. $2 95@3 SO.
average $3 44: Muscats. 95c; double crates, .$183
@2 65, average $2 3S; Cornichons, $1 85@1 90,
average 1187; double crates, J4 20; assorted,
$1 30@l 63. average $1 42. «
NEW YORK., Oct. 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Grapes — Tokays, single crates, 93c@$l 50, aver
age Jpl 16; B.' Ferrera,' single crates, S0c@$l,
average 97c; .Ferrera clusters, single crates,
fl 05@l 20, average . $1 06; Cornichons, eingle
crates, $1 40@l 65. average $150; Malaga, clus
ters, single crates. 90c@$l 15. average $1 03: Mus
cats, single crates. 60c@$l 50, average 73c; To
kays, quarter crates, average S0c; Cornichons,
quarter crates,, average SOc; . Tokays, double
crates, j ?2 05@3. average $2 49. Quinces— Boxes,
average $2. Eight cars sold to-day. Weather
dry and pleasant. '
PHILADELPHIA.? Oct. 23.— The Earl Fruit
Company to-day sold at auction California
fruit and realized the following prices: Grapes
—Tokay, single crates, SOc@$l 55. average $1 21;
Tokay, double crates. $2 33@2 80, average $2 57.
One car sold to-day. Dry and favorable weath
er prevailing. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— The following prices were
realized to-day here by the Earl Fruit Com
pany at their^ sale of California fruit at auc- j
tlon: Grapes— Tokays, single crates, Jl@l 70,
average >%l 22: Tokays, double crates, $2 15©
3 50. -average 52 48. Quinces— Boxes, average, j
$1 35. Prunes — Italians, single crates. 65(a7.1c; j
Silvers, single crates, 75(g'Soc. average SOc. Nine 1
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
New .York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Tin in- London de
clined £1 3s 6d for future delivery, i while -the
spot ' position was' only 5s lower. Thus the
close was at £113 15s for spot and, £105 15s for
futures. Trading was slow. Locally tin was i
dull for spot, while the future positions were
weak in sympathy with London. The close was
dull at $21 75 nominal.
•Copper ruled unchanged here at $16 85@17 for
lake and $16 37%S'1<5 G2V6 for casting. The Lon- i
don market gained 7s 6d. closing at £63 17s for
spot and £62 7s 6d for futures.
Lead was dull and unchanged at home and
abroad, with New York quoted at $4 37% and
at London £11 10s.
, Spelter at New York. closed at $4 20@4 25 and
at London £16 17s 6d.
. Domestic iron markets \u25a0 were dull. \u25a0 Piglron
warrants. $9 S01S10 EO; No. 1 Northern foundry,
$15@16; No. 2 foundry, ; Southern. $14 50@15.50:
No. 1 foundry. Southern., $14 60(315 50: No. 1
foundry. Southern' soft, \u25a0•: $14 50fJ?16. Glasgow
warrants- closed at 53s 6d and , Middlesboro at
45s.
\u25a0 New York Cope Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Coffee values took a
decided - drop to-day, and trading at the . de
cline, was the lowest of recent times. : The
market opened at a decline of 20@30 points
under an j avalanche of selling orders j| from
everywhere, following rumors to the effect that
the rain was reported In the Argentine and
would soon reach Brazil . crops. On very ag
gressive bear hammering prices sagged fur
ther and the final phases of the market were
irregular with the close weak In tone at a
net loss of 35 to 45 points. Brazilian receipts,
which were heavy, helped 7 weaken the local
market, i Transactions reached the enormous
total of 180,250 bags, Including: January, 6.45®
6.55c; February,' 6.50@fi.60c; March, -^55@6.7oc;
April, 6.75@fi.SSc; May, 6.70@6.95c; June 6.D5c:
July. 6.95@7.10c.
New York Cotton Market,
. • ' «> \ t r f
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Cotton closed barely
steady, 5@9 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO..
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.—CATTLE—Receipts,'22,
000; steady and slow to lower: good to .prime
steers. ,$6 20@6 90; poor to .medium,- $3 75@5 90;
stockers and feeders', $2'25@4 25;' heifers, $2 50®
5; canners,. $1 25@2 25; bulls," $1 75@4 50; calves.
$3@6 25; Texas steers,- fp2@3 SO; Western steers
$3 65@5 25. -....'
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000;, to-morrow,
27,000; left over, 3000; opened: steady to strong;
closed weak; mixed and butchers, $5 90@6 50;
good to choice heavy, $5 95@6 65; rough heavy,
$5 E0@5 90; light. $5 83@« 10: bulk of sales,
•. SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; sheep. ' 10@15c lower;
lambs,'. iO@15c • lower; -good to choice wethers,
S3 40@3 75; fair to choice 1 mixed, $2 90@3 40;
Western . sheep. . $3@3 40; native lambs, $2 50®
4 75; Western lambs, $3 25@4 20.'
ST. JOSEPH. ' -
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.,' Oct. 23.—CATTLK-Re
celpts, 2700; active and strong to 10c higher
on good corn-fed beeves; Texans, slow but
steady; natives,- $2 90(5:6 50; Texan3 and West
erns.- $2 75@6: cows and heifers, $1 35®5; bulls
and stags. $2@4 85; stockers and feeders, Jl 40®
4 20i yearlings and calves, $2@3 90; veals, $3 25®
6 25. \u25a0 : . •' \u25a0 :,.:.'•\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 •.
\u25a0HOGS— Receipts, 7000; market 15@25e lower;
plgrs. ,\u25a0 steady; light and light mixed,* $5 80®
6 07%: medium and heavy, $5 92V4@6 20; bulk
of sales, $5 95®6 10. • , ...'-,•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
• SHEEP— Receipts, " 3800; strong to a shade
higher: lambs, $3'S0@4 75; yearlings, $3 25@3 75;
wethers, $3 50@3 70; ewes/ $2 75@3 25. ,„.••.''
. . Portland's Business:} \
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 83.— Clearings, $503^ -
960; balances. $73,919. '..; , ; .
\u25a0 'Northern \u25a0 Wheat Market.
..'\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0' OREGON. ; -
.PORTLAND. .Oct. 23.— WHEAT— Steady at
54@55%c for Walla Walla; blue etem," 56@56%c.
\u25a0'-,\u25a0 Cleared— German .bark ! Favorita. ;with 93,931
bushels- barley, for, Queenstown.' :, '
i -. . ' * . WASHINGTON. \u25a0:'.'... f. ;:
-- TACOMA; ' Oct." 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged;"
blue stem. 55%c; club, . SS^c. . . ,
Foreign Markets.
, LONDON. \u25a0 Oct. 23.— Consols, s 92 ; 9-16 ; silver,
26%d ; ; French | rentes, : lOOf . 50c : , cargoes , on pas-^
sagfj. . steadier; No..l standard .: Call-,
f ornia; \u25a0 28s 3d ; ! cargoes': Walla' Walla. 2Ss ; Eng
lish country markets, firm. -*!.".\u25a0\u25a0- - \u25a0- • ••'
; LIVERPOOL., Oct. 23.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1'
standard California, ''.5s lOdrjfSs lOVfjd.-'i wheat; In 1
Raisins, Currants and Prunes.
Late mail reports 'from New York say:
"Prices on new association seeded raisins were
finally named yesterday at 5T«c for choice and
6%c for fancy, f. o. b. California. These prices
are %c lower on choice and %c lower on fancy
than the lowest prices previously quoted by
outsiders, and while the trade made no great
rush to buy on the new basis still buyers took
hold fairly well and orders for a Kood many
cars were wired to the coast. Out-of-town
Jobbers took to the prices very much more
readily than the home trade, and before noon
many had wired their confirmations to local
representatives of packers. City buyers un
doubtedly would have bought more freely had
the general situation been more settled. There
were rumors also of prices %S',ic less than
the figures already given and thes>e naturally
increased the nervous feeling.
"Lower prices were also quoted from the
?oast on London layers. Sultanas and Thomp
son's seedless. The new quotations for layers
were $1 10 for J-crown, fl 29 for S-crown and
SI 60 for 4-crown. This is 15c less all around.
,rul tanas and Thompson's seedless were marked
•iown %c to 5c and 6c, respectively. The in
terest of the trade, however, centered in seed
ed and little or no attention apparently was
jaid to other roods .
"New local seeded raisins, for delivery within
a few days, are quoted here at 7c for choice
and 7%c for fancy, with rood demand. Old
coast seeded are selling freely from 7%c for
choice to 7%@7«ic for fancy. Stocks of old
JXew Torlc seeded are practically exhausted.
Association packers on the coast offer old 12-oz.
rations at 4%c, • f. o. b. coast. New loose
raisins are coming in more freely, a num
ber of cars being received yesterday. De
mand is fairly active at 6c. 6%c and 7c for
::. S and 4 crown, respectively.
"New prunes are selling fairly well and are
."nore plentiful. Santa Claras are offering more
ireely at a 3c basis. New Oregons are due to
arrive in about ten days.
"Currants sold freely from the James Tur
:?ie dnrinc the early part of the day at 5%c
'or Amallas. but at the close holders were firm
at 5%c. The Turpie brought 9990 barrels, fifty
>.alf -barrels, 127S cases, 4255 half-cases and 1142
•juarter-cases. Total currant receipts to date
)_ave be«n about 6500 tons."
Condition of Money and Trade.
POSSIBLE GOLD SHIPMENTS— NATIONAL
IMPORTS ANT> EXPORTS.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
"Local monetary conditions should soon Im
prove, as , we are near the period when funds
withdrawn for crop moving purposes will be
gin to return. At the moment currency ship
ments are large, and in view of other known
movements one or two more unfavorable bank
statements would cause no surprise. Bank re
eerves are low and the best has b*en said
when the early return of currency has been
taken into consideration. We are now enter
ins the rold importing season, \u25a0which with re
leas« of crop funds usually Insures a period
of easy money until April. The prospects of
gold import* just now, however, are very re
mote; In fact we seem more likely to send
than to draw gold from Europe. Germany's
financial crisis is evidently reaching: another
critical period; England Is depressed by war
and France, the most prosperous of all Eu
ropean nations, is girding herself to meet con- ''
sequent demands upon her resources for as
sistance; to say nothing of -the chill caused
by the recent break in copper in the United
States. With the European markets In this
mood and Urge Russian, English and other
loans in prospect. It is not likely that gold
will come here In any considerable quantities
under the most favorable conditions; and in
~a-e of untoward circumstances we mieht be
Dbliged even to ship gold, for Europe would
certainly eell our high priced stocks to help
meet their own difficulties. Our forelsrn trade
continues en a. very satisfactory basis, Sep
tember exports showing an excess owr imports
..mounting- to $33,594,000, against $56,333,000 the
\u25a0same month last year. It is worth noting that
several timet! during the past twelve- months
our exports have not only fallen below last
Tear, but that our imports are steadily In
creasing as a result of the difference in trade
<*onditlons here and abroad. The decreases in
\u25a0exports have been chiefly in cotton, .copper,
-readstuffs and steel manufactures, the out
ward movement of which could be readily in
creased by lower prices, provided Europe's buy
ing capacity was not further impaired. in
\u25a0hose days of close International commerce the
differences in prosperity and adversity between
Europe and the United States cannot long en
sure; they must in time approach a closer
>vel, and a? this comes about we may look
'or a reduction of the excesslx-e trade balance
which has been such a feature in our foreign
commerce during the last three years."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian — Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Oct. 23—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls In the last twenty
four -ours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Saasan. Season.
Eureka 0.00 4.31 6.16
Red Bluff Trace 1.S3 3.03
Sacramento Trace 0.56 1.02
San Francisco Trace 0.82 1.43
Fresno ©.GO 0.57 0.44
Independence 0.00 0.77 0.84
San Luia Obispo 0.00 0.28 1.93
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 0.26 .
San Diego 0.00 0.06 0.30
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
€5; minimum, 56; mean. CO.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 66-68; Cincinnati, 80-72; Washington
7S-48; Jacksonville, 76-58; New York 70-54- '
Kansas City. 82-56; Omaha. 82-56; Duluth 76-60;
Fait Lake City. 74-48: Chicago. 78-56; St. Louis
S0-56; Philadelphia, 70-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
3 psE !.3 <£ 3
ETAT1OK. 3 P|B| IZ II .g ...
? : 3 \ 3 : => 3 "* »
• * • • •\u25a0 " _T
Astoria 29.84 70 52 SE Clear 00
liaker 28.S8 74 49 SE Pt.Cldy' 'oo
Carson ".....30.04 72 36 JCW Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.86 58 48 N Cloudy 00
Fresno 29.86 88 64 S Cloudy • "00
Flagstaff 30.18 48 42 N Cloudy 'i8
Pocatello. Idaho.. -30.02 70 44 SW Clear .00
Independence 29.S6 72 46 S Pt.Cldy .00
I_os Anerelei- 29.9S 78 60 W Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.94 84 68 S Clear - .00
Portland 29.84 78 SO NW Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff.. 28.S0 80 62 S Cloudy T.
Roseburg 29.82 60 46 NW Cloudy .00
Facramento 29.88 82 56 NE Cloudy T.
Salt Lake 30.08 68 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco 29.94 78 60 SW Cloudy T.
•San Luis Obispo... 30.00 78 60 S Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego 80.00 68 60 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle ..29.84 74 48 SE Clear.. : .00
Spokane. ..29.92. 72 42 Clear . .00
Neah Bay 29.82 60 52 E Clear i .00
Walla Walla: 29.92 72 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca 28.96 78 34 NW Cicar '.00
Yum- 23.90 82 63. SB Clear .00
Temperature, 1 a. m. — 68 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAIi
FORECAST.
The pressure ha s fallen - slowly j along the
coast ' north - of Cape Mendocino. Conditions
continue unfavorable for, fair weather. Cloudy
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. .
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 22.200 79 78 : 78%
Atchieon pfd 5.700 97% 96% 97%
Baltimore & Ohio 4.200 10394 102% 103
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian Pacific 1.7C0 110% 110% 110%
Canada Southern 1.200 83% 83Vi 83'^
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,300 48 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton! 3.600 37% 36% 36V-
Chicago & Alton pfd 77 "
Chi Ind & Louisville 400 : 41 41 40"-i
Chi Ind & Louisville pfd 72 "
Chi & Eastern Illinois.. 300 128 127 12S
Chi & Gt Western 35,000 26 23% 25%
Chi &. Gt West A pfd.. 200 86% 86 86
Chi & Gt West B pfd.. 300 45% 45% 45%
Chi & ..orth western 1,200 212 210 210
Chi Rock Island & Pac. 2,200 143% 142% 143%
Chi Term & Trans 300 20% 20% 20%
Chi Term & Trans pfd.. «M 37% 87 38
C C C & St Louis 7.000 90 S9 . 89%
Colorado Southern .:... 600 13% 13% UVi
Colorado South 1st pfd.. ..... .... hSy a
Colorado South 2d pfd.. 200 24- 24 24%
Delaware & Hudson. 2,000 169^4 169 169 •
Del Lack & Western.... 500 228 227% 225
Denver & Rio Grande.. • 600 44% 44 44%
Den & Rio Grandepfd. 2.400 92% 92% \ 92
Erie 16.400 41% 41 41%
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 69% 69% 69Ti
Erie 2d pfd 600 65% 65 55ft
Great Northern pfd 31,400 195 193% 194
Hocking Valley 700 54% 54 64%
Hocking Valley pfd..... 1,400 75% , 75 75V_
Illinois Central .......... 1,100 147% 146% 147
Iowa Central 900. 41% 41 41
Iowa Central pfd • 77%
Lake Erie & Western... 200 70 70 69
Lake Erie & West pfd. 100 128% 128% 125
Louis & Nashville 3.100 103% 103% 103%
Manhattan Elevated 6, 100 121% 120% 120%
Met Street Railway 2,600 158 156% 157%
Mexican Central 1.800 22% 22 22%
Mexican National 500 14% 13% 14
Minn & St Louis .... 2.100 110% . 109% 110
Missouri Pacific ....."... 20.600 1 98 95 96%
Mifsouri Kan & Texas. 1,500 2C% 25% 26%
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 100 61 51 - 50%
New Jersey. Central ..... .... 163
New York Central ...... 25.100 ,159% 157% 169Vi
Norfolk & Western ' 8,600- 56% 55% 56
Norf & Western pfd 100 90 90 ~- 89%
Northern Pacific pfd 1,800 105 104% 104%
Ontario & Western 4,200 35% 33%: 33%
Pennsylvania 33,900 118% 146% 147%
Reading 4,300 41 •: 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 1,300 76% 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 1,500 52 51% 52%
St Louin & San Fran 1,000 42% 41% 42%
St Louis & S F let pfd ...... 77,
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. ....". ..... .... 67
St Louis Southwestern. 300 28% 26% 26%
St Louis S W pfd...:... l .... 561.
St Paul 146.100 170% 168% 170
St Paul pfd...;.. 2,000 192%- 191% 191%
Southern Pacific 89,300 61% 59% 60%
Southern Railway ...... 6,100 32% 32% 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 4,600 87 86% 86%
Texas <fe Pacific ..... 2,900 39% 38% 39%
Tol St Louis & West... 100 20% 20H \u25a0• 20%
Tol St L & West pfd.. 200 35 .35 35%
Union Pacific 209, 400 . 103 100% 102H
Union Paciflc pfd 3.700 90 . 88% 89%
Wabash .:.. 2.300 20% 20% 20%
Wabash pfd . . A 2.900 3«% : 36% 3«2
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 100 17% 17* KitS
Wheeling & L E 2d ptd .... - «if
Wisconsin' Central 300 20% 20% '20%
Wisconsin Central pfd. 600 41% " 40V4 41
. -Express Companies— . . - .. - . • -
Adams .......... .. .... \u25a0\u25a0 1S5
American ......' \u25a0 1S8 ' \u25a0
United States ........... 100 90" 90" 0$
Wells-Fargo -gXV:
Mi-collaneouB— - . "'. .,
Amalgamated Copper... 42,100 .89% . gg 89
American Car St Fndry. • 909 " 85% \u25a0'- u 25%
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct 23.— Speculative activity
to-day was largely confined again to a few
stock?, but the field of action shifted from
the Vanderbilts and Chicago and Northwestern
into St. Paul. Union Pacific and Southern Pa
cific. An overwhelming proportion of the day's
total business was in these three stocks. The
aggregate dealings rose considerably over those
of recent times and as the day progressed the
market showed a broadening tendency in sym
pathy with the sustained strength of the three
leaders. Chicago Great Western came con
spicuously into the movement later in the
day and achieved an extreme advance of 2%
en very heavy dealings, closing at the highest.
Other stocks reacted somewhat from the top.
Influenced partly by a break of 4% in Chicago
and Northwestern preferred. St. Paul's ex
treme rise was 3 points. Union Pacific 2% and
Southern Pacific a point. Among the stocks
to come forward late in the day were mem
bers of the soft coal group and the Southwest
erns with gains of 1 to 1%. Sugar was also
quite notably strong, rising 1%, and Interna
tional Power advanced 2%. The early weak
ness of the market was quite generally over
come by the late advance. Amalgamated Cop
per, which fell 2 points in the morning-, closed
with a net loss of only 1%. There was some
very large selling in the stock and it was
affected by the weakness of " raw copper in
London. The local tractions and People's Gas
were also prominent In the early depression.
Glucose Sugar fell 2% and the preferred 2 un
der raids by the bears, and Hocking Coal wai
forced down 1%. with a subsequent recovery.
There was some continuance of the early
strength of yesterday in the Vanderbilts. New
York Central rising 1%. Chicago and North
western 3 and the preferred 3%, but the move
ment was not continued after the reaction tn
the market. There was no specific news to
account for the action of the market., but It
was undoubtedly based upon the assumption
that the negotiations now in progress will re
sult in the settlement of the Northern Paciffe
controversy with beneficial effect on the entire
Northwestern system. The neglect and lag
ging tendency of Great Northern preferred and
Northern Pacific preferred did not seem to dis
turb this conviction. Neither did the appar
ent contradiction found in the resistance of
the retirement of Northern Pacific preferred and
the broad Intimation from President Hill that
the Great Northern Is to be consulted In th<»
matter of the control of the Burlington system
as well as Northern Pacific. These Insistencies
are regarded as the vantage to be shrewdly
held while the process of bargaining .ig still
f^olng on. as it undoubtedly is. Total sales.
792,400 shares.
The bond market was quite active and broad
and prices as a rule advanced. Total sales,
par value, $4,670,000. United States refunding
2s declined V* and the old 4s V4 per cent on the
last call.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — \u25a0 , ( Dec. March.
Opening .......'. 5 SVz 5 10
Closing 5 S} 8 5 10
PARIS. •
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 SO 2190
Closing. 20 75 21 SO ,
Flour — ' \u25a0
Opening 26 85 27 95
Closing v 26 65 27 SO'
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 16 de
grees along the coast between San Diego and
San Francisco. • s
Threatening weather prevails In the great val
leys and raisin makers have been warned to
stack t!"-eir trays.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Point Reyes to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 24. 33C1.
Northern California — Cloudy "and unsettled
weather Thursday, probably showers; fresh
southeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday, possibly showers along the
coast: fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, cooler in •nortl.
portion; light northerly, changing to southerly,
winds-
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Thursday, probably showers;
brisk southeast winds -
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
weather Is reported generally over California
and showers have .fallen In the central and
northern portion of the State. - .' f
High southeast winds are reported off shore,
with dense fog along the central portion of the
coast.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, . 14@21%c; dai
ries. 13@19c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, is@isy.c. '
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..;'..,......... 57,000 36,000
Wheat, bushels ...245,000 . 224,000 \u25a0
Corn, bushels 240. COO 150,000
Oats, bushels ..../ 319.000 144.000
Rye. bushels S.000 10.C00
Barley, bushels .....118.000 3,000
Cash quotations were as ' follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 67@69%c; No. 2 red,
71%@72c; ,No. 2 oats, 36%c; No. 2 white, 38%@39c;
No. 3 white, 37%@38%c; No. 2 rye, 55%c;- fair
to chocie maKingr barley, 54@58c ; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 48; No. 1 Northwestern, . $1 50; prime
timothy seed, $5 60@5 65; mess pork,- per bbl,
$13 85@13 90: lard.. per ICO lbs, $9 02%@9 05; short
rib sides (loose). $S 15® 8 30; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$S 75@8 85; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30.
in are now all second crop, which accounts for
the apparent decline In prices. •; Of
Pomegranates - are lower. - • .
There are a good many poor Apples and
Pears on the \ market. Supplies of sound fruit
are - not ! excessive. - Prices have not changed
for some time.
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25®65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 40@60c per box. :
PEACHES— 50c per box; peaches In carriers.
80c@fl- ' \u25a0 ....
j POMEGRANATES— 40@75c per box.
PEARS— Winter Pears. 50c@$l 25 per box.
• QUINCES— 40@60c Der box. • * >.,
PERSIMMONS— 50c@$l per box.- .,'
. STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3*?4 for large berries.
' BLACKBERRIES— $5 per chest. ]
. LOGAN BERRIES— *5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— «4@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Per lb. -.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $3 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— Black. 25@6Oc for single and fl for
double layer boxe«. _
MELONS— Nutmegs. 40@60c per box: Canta
loupes, 75@$1 per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100. •:\u25a0 .. ' ' ' • _
GRAPES— Verdels, 25@60c per box and crate;
Tokay 25®65c ; Muscat, 25@65c ; , Black. 25@65c ;
Isabella, 60c; Cornichon, 60@75c: . Wine Grapes.
$25@30 per ton for Zinfandel and $25 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon, $3 25@3 75 for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 50@3 60; Lemons, $101 25
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit. $150®4; Mexican Limes, $6@7; Bananas,
$1 50®2 50, per bunch; ' Pineapples, $4@5 per
dozen. . ~ : /.'\u25a0
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Tlere | Is no ) change In the situation. Busi
ness Is quiet all around.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8®
13o for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 5%@7c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 6@7%c: Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted,
3%@5c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, B@6c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 3®3%o for
black. • \u25a0 . , . .; '.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
S0-40's, 5%@5%c; 40-50' s, .' 4%@5c: 60-60*8, 4%®
4%c; 60-70's, 3%(3>4c; 70-80's. 3%@3%c; 80-90*8. 2%
@3c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price, per 20-lb box): Clustera-.
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 60; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; \u25a0 London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Stan
dard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels. 4'/ic; Seedless' Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c;. Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8%c;
choice, >7%c; standard. 6%c: prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, ,6%c. Fancy seeded, 6^c;
choice seeded, 5%c. '
' NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@12%c: Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, .7c: Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10
@llc for softsbell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. „'; \u25a0
.HONET— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 100
ll%c. for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 23@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicago market was firm, Ribs and Pork
especially, and prices were somewhat higher
on the day. \u25a0'
This market Is weaker and quieter and the
tendency! Is to sell, even at slight concessions,
though no actual . cutting is reported. Prices
rule as before. . • * V
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light,
I5c • for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; 'extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; Prime Mess Pork
! $15; extra clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Bee£
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces. ' quoted at 8c per lb ' for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, purs,
12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12?ic; 3-lb tins.
13c. • -
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces. 9%c per lb. i .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Portland Oregonian of October 18 says:
"Hops are selling- 'a little more freely, but
there is not much improvement In prjee, brew
ers apparently securing all they need at the
moment without the necessity of advancing
their limits."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'._c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, 100
10%c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls and Brands,
16@17c; Sheepskins, ' shearlings, 15@30c each;
i short Wool. 40@60c each; medium, 50@75c; long
i.Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for.medium, $1 7a
for small and 50c for •Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. . Deerskins — Summer or
red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rendered. 5@
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@l%c; grease. 8c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14<»
15c; do, medium and coarse, 'll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9©
lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%@S%c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective. 8@9c:
Humboldt and Mendocino, U@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@13c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers report light Hogs weak, as there are
too many coming in. Otherwise there is noth
ing new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
yEAL-^Large. 7%@S%c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound. - •
LAMB— 7@8c per lb. - , ' " \u25a0
_ PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, 6c; over
2_0 lbs. 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags. O
per cent off from the above quotations- dressed
Hogs, 7%@9c. . ,
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine/ 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 6%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL--; Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend
$9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks: Pennsylvania . Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per . ton, according to
brand. '
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil'
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 90c'
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
In barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, ' pure 65c*
Whale Oil,; natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for .Ceylon and 58%c for Aus
tralian. ..
COAL OIL— Water 'White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl OH, Ink cases. 20c; Astral. 20c: Star
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene 22c :
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lac • in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases
20%c; 86-degrse Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases'
26%c. -..-.,,
TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
! Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, ..90c; Pow
dered,' 4.75c: Candy Granulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c: Confectioners" A. 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C, 4.15c;
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c; barrels. 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c -more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrel" or Us equivalent. - Dominos. half _
barrels, 5.15c: boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
,-'"'\u25a0. FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21 '
Flour, qr sks..... 32.020 Wine, gals ....... Jo J00
Wheat, ctls 4,330 Brandy, gals .... 4150
Barley, ctls, 11,855 Alfalfa Seed, sks '73
Oats, 'Ctls '. 2,020 Mustard, sks 63G
Corn, ctls 500 Wool, sks ....... 472
Sugar, ctls ...... 12,678 Shorts, sks ......' 75
Tallow, ctls 284 Broom Corn, bdls 361
firan. sks 3,291 Hay. tons ........ 604
middlings, sks .,.-\u25a0 513 Straw, tons '..... 5
Beans, sks ... 6,279 Hides, No ....... 1001
Onions, sks -.. ' -680 Pelts, bdls ...:... Jj'970
\u25a0 Potatoes, sks .... 4.215 Raisins, bxs ... LOOO
Leather, rolls ... 15S Chicory, bbls .... 70
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.'.'... 15.49S Bran, sks 7 8*1
Wheat, ctls 1,260 Middlings. . sks... '840
Oats, ctls ' 320 Shorts, eks j 000
Potatoes, sks.... 2,024 : <.', <y^.
New York and Sterling Exchange are higher.
Silver is unchanged. - ?
The America Maru took out a treasure list'
of $403,133, consisting of $303,693 in Mexican
dollars.. $310 in gold coin, $350 in gold dust and
$98,SO0 in silver bullion., ' . . \u25a0
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight ..... — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — - a 88%
New York Exchange, sight...... — - 10'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ; 12%
Silver, per ounce — '57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....... 47 ; 0 47%
Wheat and Other Grain's. -
- '\u25a0' -\u25a0 . .\u25a0\u25a0' _____ \u25a0 * \u25a0»' \u25a0 ' ; \u25a0 \u25a0
WHEAT— Liverpool was steady. Paris fu
tures were lower. | There was no change in the
Argentine situation, crop damage by drought
being confirmed by cables. Liverpool showed
no alarm over, the Argentine advices.
, Chicago : was firm under moderate receipts
and the Argentine news. The tendency, was
upward and the shorts were nervous, but no- '
body wanted to buy. The Northwest did some
purchasing, g The estimated Increase in Min
neapolis stocks for the week was -not ' over
250,000 bushels. The export business was light.
, In this market the shippers are paying more
for spot wheat, but futures are . lower. \u25a0
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@98%c; milling.
$1@1 02% per ctl. . . : ' .,
CALL BOARD SALES. • -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, Jl 04%; .000,
$1 04. . : \u25a0 ; \u25a0 -.:\u25a0;\u25a0
Regular ' Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls,'
$1 03%; 2000. $1 03%; 10,000. $1 04; December—
4000, 99%c. , . • . •
Afternoon Session— December — 1000 ctls, * 99%c.
BARLEY— The feeling is steady, owing to
the meager supply in this city and the charter
ing of several vessels for Europe, but there
is little improvement in prices.- -'\u25a0 :'\u25a0 ; -
Feed, 73%c for choice bright. . 70@72%c for No.'
1 and-67%@68%c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, k 95c@
$1 05 per ctl. > . ••-\u25a0•,-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No -sales. , ' '
Regular Morning • Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls, 70%c;
2000, 70%c. . ' ' . '•
OATS — Local dealers still quote a quiet mar
ket and some are talking of a growing -weak
ness In quotations, though there is no general
decline. Receipts continue free and offerings
are now large.
Grays. $1@1 20; whites. $1 15@1 30; black; $I@
1 20. and red, $1 05@l 17% per ctl. \u25a0 . . -
CORN— Chicago was l%c higher on the day
and reported husking reports disappointing and
bullish. =- i
This market continued, weak, owing to in
creasing offerings of the new California crop.
Large yellow is quoted at $150; small round
yellow, $1 50@l 60; Eastern white, in bulk.
$1 65 per ctl. .-
RYE— 75@76%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
. Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers', Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'.; Washington bakers', $2 75
<53.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows,. usual discount, to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. * $2 SO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, ?5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
"Wheat, $2 50; Farina, $4 50;. Whole Wheat Flour,
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 8508 35; in sacks,
$6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ,
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
There is no change in Hay. the market be
ing temporarily firm, owing chiefly to the con
tinued shortage in cars. Only gilt-edged lots
bring the top quotations.
Receipts -of Bran are more than the market
can stand and quotations are declining. Mid
dlings are also weak, but no lower.- Feed
stuffs are weak, in sympathy with Bran. Corn
products are declining in harmony with the
raw grain. . " :
' BRAN— $19@20 per ton. • '.-;
\u25a0 MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, J16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; jobbing, $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake. $2(Xg21; Corn Meal, $33@
34; Cracked Corn, $33 50@34 50; Mixed Feed, $18
@19. ,- \u25a0\u25a0 .
HAT— Wheat, $9@12; fancy, $12 50; Wheat
and Oat. $S 50@ll 50; Oat, $8@10; Barley and
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa. $S@10 50; Clover, $5 50@7;
Volunteer, $5@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton. '
STRAW— 30@45c Der bale. -
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans continue excessive, those
yesterday being 11.2S7 sacks. The market is
dull and weak at the sharp decline already
mentioned.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15@2 35: Small White, $3 10
@3 25; . Larsre White, $2 15@2 35; Pea, $2 50@4;
Pink, $2 10@2 30; Red, $ ; Blackeye, $3 15@
3 35; Llmas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidney, $3@3 73 per
ctl. .' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_ . •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3S5@3 50; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%@3V_c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l%@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 75
@2,per ctl. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Reports from Oregon are to the effect that
Potatoes are weaker there, owing to a lack of
shipping demand and the inability of the mar
ket to . absorb all offerings. This market is
quoted rather firntfer again, as there Is a scat-,
tering demand for ! shipment. Oregon Bur
banks sold on the wharf at the quotations be
low. . . . \u25a0 \u25a0 •
; Onions are firm and there are some Inquiries
from Texas and other Southwestern points, but
prices are. somewhat above this business . .
Tomatoes continue in large , supply and weak.'
Green Okra and Garlic are in oversupply.
String Beans are very weak and dull, even at
! the low prices. '
\u25a0 POTATOES— 50@30c in ! sacks for Burbanks
f rom . the river;. Salinas Burbank3, $l@l 30;
Oregon Burbanks, $1@1 10; River Reds, $1 45®
1 50; Sweets, — \u25a0 for, Rivers and 85@90c for
Merced. - \u25a0 •
! ONIONS— $1 10@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions. 60
@75c r>er ctl. \u25a0 \u25a0 : ' - .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Garden;
String Beans, l@2c;Limas, l@l%c; Cabbage,
6O@75c per .ctl ; Tomatoes, from • Alameda, 20@
30c: Dried Peppers, 10@12%c; Green Okra, 4U<a»
50c per box; Carrots. 25@35c per sack; Cucum
bers, 30@50c; Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for small
and l@l%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Green
Peppers, 40@50c per box for Chile and 4C@60c
for, Bell; Egg Plant, 1 35@50c per, box; Green
Corn, from Berkeley, -50@65c: Summer Squash,
40@60c; Marrowfat Squash, $6@S per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $20. ..
Poultry^ and Game.
\u25a0 - . — — — \u25a0 -.. i . - \u25a0 \u25a0 i?
Another car of Eastern came in, making five
thus far this week.'/ Local Poultry showed
some changes, Turkeys and young fowl being
rather firmer under lighter offerings. Old fowl
stood as. before, r
Game came in - tainted again and only fresh
stock brought : the quotations. Arrivals were
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@16c . for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hena; Geese, per pair, $1 50
<gl 75;, Goslings,- $1 75@2; Ducks. $3@3 50 . for
old and $3 50® 4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Rooster?. $3 50@4 50; old Roosters. .$3 50©
4: .Frj-ers. $3 50(gi4; Broilers, •- $3 50@4 for large
and $3 50 . for . small : Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 . per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.,
.' GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1: i Hare, $1@1 25;
Rabbits.: $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $4@6; Canvasback, ; $4@5 50;' Sprig,
$2@3; Teal, $1 5O@2; - Widgeon, $1 50@2; Small
Ducks,' $1 25@1 50; . Black Jacks, • — ;- Englisn
Snipe. $2@2 50; Jack. Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese,
$3@3 60; White Geese. $1 per dozen. ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. •
Dealers', views "a« to the tone of the Butter
market differ. Those who have a small supply
are quoting the best * creameries firm, while
those who have plenty are quoting the feeling
weak, with sales slow. Prices ¥ remain un
changed. -The same condition exists In the
Cheese market. ' \u25a0'\u25a0'. -' "'.
The familiar prices for Eggs are still quoted.
Receipts are' somewhat larger, but not suffi
cient to cause a decline. The demand 13 noth
ing extra. , / • .,. .. , •"\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0•
-Receipts ;were 30,000 pounds of; Butter,
pounds of • Eastern Butter, \u25a0 501 \u25a0 cases of Eggs,
cases . Eastern . Eggs, pounds of Cali
fornia _Cheese and • lbs Eastern Cheese. \u25a0 \u25a0"
: BUTTER-^Crearfcery, 27%®28c per lb for
fancy.- and F 25@27c for .seconds; dairy, 18@25c;
, store : Butter, \u25a0 15@17c per \u25a0-. lb ; . Creamery \u25a0. Tub,
22%c; Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll%@12c; \u25a0 old,: 10%c; Young
America, 12%@13c per lb; - Eastern, : 13@15c.
: " EGGS— Ranch, • 3S@40c j for \u25a0 selected large, - SS
@37%c for good to choice and 32%@34c for fair;
1 ?tore; ; 22@25o per (dozen; cold storage. 21@25c ;
Eastern. 18@24c. \ \u25a0 ' ; ' >'
'Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
. Bananas .< are > higher. \u25a0 Oranges are , weaken
ing..under arrivals. . Lemons . and
Limes . are unchanged.' Some seedling Oranges
from Orovllle came .in, but .were too green " to
sen. ;-•:• \u25a0:'-.•\u25a0\u25a0 : :. ... , \u25a0.. --.. \u25a0'.- - < \u25a0 \u25a0' ' ~ \u25a0 \u25a0>,\u25a0:\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0 Table • Graces continue plentiful ; and 'dull, as
the ; demand . for both ; shipment and local con
sumption is: light. .The wine Grapes . coming
Domestic and Sterling Exchange higher'./ Silver unchanged. ' -\
Shipment of $403,153 to China. ' v 1 '
Spot wheat higher and futures weaker: Ocean freights lower.
Barley steady, but no higher. Oats in larger supply and easy.
Corn continues to weaken. Corn products lower.
Hay finn and in moderate ncceipt.
Bran lower and arriving heavily. Middlings weak.
Receipts of Beans continue excessive. V :
Potatoes rather firmer and Onions ditto.
Butter unsettled. Eggs slow and unchanged. Cheese steady.
Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions firmer at Chicago, but easy and quiet here.
Light Hogs in liberal supply and rather weak.
First crop of Wine Grapes exhausted.
Bananas higher and Oranges zveaker.
Lemons and Limes unchanged. - •
Five cars of Eastern Poultry arrived thus far this week.
Game still comes in tainted.
Lighter transactions on the local stock, exchanges.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . " *
October ....."'...;' ..:. \u25a0 •\u25a0 "0
December ...'..'.....' 70% 71% -70% 71%
May ...73% 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2 —
October K4Vs . 55% -54% 55%
December . £5% 56% 55% 56%
May 57% ' 58% 67% 58%
Oats No."2— , :- '.v.-
October ... 34% So 34% 35
December ,.:.. ..... 35% 35% - 35% 35%
May ...........;.:.. : 37% 37%' 37% 37%
" MeEs Pork, - per bbl — -\u25a0--'-\u25a0 '
January ...14 97% 15 12% 14 97% 15 10 .
May .......15 00 15 15 15 15 15 15
Lard, per 100 lbs— : -
October ............. 9 05 9 05 8 97% 9 02%
November ..... 8 97% 9 05 9 02% 9 02%
January 8 87% 8 95 8 85 8 95
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
October ....r 8 20 :$ 30 8 20 8 30
January 7 80 7 85 7 80 7 85
May .....7 87% 7 95 7 87% 7 95 •
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 100 S0% 80% 80%
American Linseed Oil 1G
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. 100 46 .46" 46'
Amer Smeltng & Refng 2.000 44U i 44 43V.
Am Smeltng & Refg pfd S7\4
Anaconda Mining Co:... 2,200/' 36 S5V. 36
Brooklyn Rapid Transit : 6,200 61V4 60*4 6i%
Colorado "Fuel & Iron., 300 93^4 92% 93
Consolidated Gas.. 1,900 21SU 217 217%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 115% 115%- 115%
General Electric 300 2o9% 259 258%
Glucose Sugar 4.200 41 38 3S
Hocking Coal 2. 700 14 . 12% / 13
InternationRi Paper..... 300 21% 20% 21
International Paper pfd 400 76V. 76 76 '
International Power 1,200 ' 91% S9 91^.
Laclede Gas ..... , 91 .
National Biscuit 700 42% 42 41%
National Lead " L \u25a0•\u25a0:• 1S%
National Salt 100 32 32 31 •\u25a0
National Salt pfd.. ..... .... .... 64
North American .:.....- ....' 95'
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mail 300 44% 44% 44V4
Peoples Gas 9,500 107% 106% 106%
Pressed Steel Car 3,700 40% 40% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 500 82 81% %1
Pullman Palace Car 200 220% 220V6 220
Republic Steel E00 15% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 1.600 66 66 66
Sugar 9,100 121% 119% 120H
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 400 60% 60 60U
Union Bag & Paper Co. 600 14% 14% 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd. ....-.';... 70
United States Leather.. 1.500 12% 12% 12>,4
U S Leather pfd.... .... 81
United States Rubber.. 100 15% 15% |15
U S Rubber pfd 50
United States Steel 9.7O0 4SU 42% 43%
U S Steel pfd 10.900 92V- 91% 91%
Western Union 100 91% 91% 91%
. Shares sold ..792,400
CLOSING BONDS. •
U S refunding 2s. 1 Hocking Val 4%s..lO7
regr 10S^!L & Nash uni 4S..101VJ
do coup lOSV^lMex Cent 4s S3S a
do 3s reg 107% I do 1st inc 30%
do coup lOSVi'Minn & St L 4s.. .103
do new 4s reg....l3S JM K & T 4s 99^
do coup 139 do 2ds 80
do old 4s reg lll?4ix Y Cent lsts 100%
do coup 11194 1 do gen 3%s 109%
do 5s reg .lOti^lN J Cent gen 5s. .130%
do .coup 107% I North Pac is 104%
Atchison gen 4s... 103 do 3s .^. 73
do adj 4s 97%!Norf & W con 4s.. 102%
Balto & Ohio 4s 102 1 .:. \u25a0 Reading gen 4s.... 96%t
do 3%s ........... 96V4!st L & I M con 5s. 115%
do conv 4s 105%'St L & S F 4s 95-
Can South 2ds ...108%;St L S W lsts..... 9Svi
Cent of Ga os 108 ! do 2ds 78%
do 1st inc 72 ! S A & Ar Pass 4s. S7Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 107% \u25a0 South Pac 4s 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 83V* South Ry 5s... .....120
C BA Q new 4s... 9SHJTex-& Pac lsts. ...119
C M & St P g 4s.llOVs Tol.St L & W 4s.. Sl%
C & N W con 7s..l39V£ Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & Pac 4s 106% do conv 4s 10SV-
C C C & St L g 4s.lO3»i Wabash lsts 120
Chi Term 4s 94 do 2ds 111U
Colo & South 4s... S8V- do deb B 5S?'
D & R G 4s ..102%' West Shore 4s ....112V>
Erie prior lien 4s.. 88% Wheel & L E 4s.:.. 91
do gen 4s S7% Wis Cent 4s..'. SSH
Ft W & D C lsts.. 107% Con Tobacco 4s.... 63-%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 1J. Little Chief \ 12%
Alice 40 Ontario .10 50
Breece ; 1 40 Ophir &2
Brunswick Con .. 10% Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage '\u25a0; OS
Deadwood Terra .. .50 Sierra Nevada..... 15
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 90
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— Union Land ....... 2%
Call loans ;..3@4 West End ......... 93%
Time loans .3%@4% Westingh Elec '71%
Stocks — Bonds —
Atchison 7S% N E G & Coke 5s. 63
do prefd 97% Mining shares-
Am Sugar 121 Adventure 24
Am Telephone ....15S% Bingham Min Co.. 30
Boston Elevated. -.167% Amalg Copper 88%
Boston & Maine... 193% Atlantic 37 1 /-
Dom Coal 46 Calumet & Hecla..67O " ;
do prefd ..: 117% Centennial I9ii
U S Steel 43 'Franklin 17.
do prefd 92 Humboldt ..-55 ;
Fitchburg prefd ..144 Osceola 101 !
Gen Elec 25S% Parrot ...;.... 3S%
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy 160 j
Mex Cent 2% Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
N E G & Coke 5 Tamarack ..295
Old Colony. 206% Utah Mining 23%
Old Dominion 27 Winona 2%
Rubber 15 Wolverines ,... 60
Union Pac 102%
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. ' 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business on the Stock Exchange continued to
dwindle to-day and consols' were heavy, on the
withdrawal of £399,000 in gold coin to Ger
many.
\u25a0 Paris exchange is heavy, but' discount Is 2%
per cent.
London" is beginning to whisper about a rise
in the bank discount rate, although such a
movement is likely to-morrow. Neither French
nor German gold exports quite pay yet and there
are special reasons why America is the best
market.
London did little in stocks, but when New
York came higher in Union Pacific and St.
Paul we did considerable in options in Atch
ison, although it was suspected to be a case
ot stage army effect to cover . sales elsewhere.
The general contango is 3% on a small account.
. Copper stocks automatically follow Amalga
mated, the formula being a movement of 1 in
Amalgamated to U In Tintos.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison,
80%; do preferred, 99%:- Canadian Pacific. 113;
Denver and Rio Grande, 45; do preferred, 94:
Northern Pacific preferred. 107%: Southern Pa
cific. 61%; Union Pacific, 103%: do preferred,
9C3i: bar silver steady. 26%d; money. 1@1% per
cent. • -\u25a0 \u25a0
No.v York Money Market..
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Money on call steady,
3@4 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent: ruling rate,
3% per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5
per cent; sterling exchange easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand
and $4 84 1 >8<g4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 84@4 S7%; commercial bills, $4 S3%@4 84; bar
silver, 57%c; Mexican dollars, 45%c; Govern
ment bonds, weak: State bonds, steady; rail
road bonds, firm. . -j-gri •
Condition of the Treasury.
' WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. -To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 Bold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $165,977,819; gold. $101,935,485.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and "Bulliofi.
There was not i much doing tn " the morning'
on ; the Bond Exchange. -Giant Powder con
tinued to advance, touching J79 50. and Contra
Costa Water I sold ud to - $77, 25. There were
K^foS^K&a? $45 "^ Th6Pe W " Dothln * -w
There wasv a better business in local stocks
in the afternoon., The sugar stocks were easy
Makawell selling down to, $27 87% and Hutch-
Inson^to ?16 50.
• The Wellington Oil Company has levied an
assessment of Ic. delinquent November 25.
STOCK MARKET.
PALACE HOTEL.
9 J V w P -? c £' CM?*** Baron von Bosche. Bel-
J G F Jeffrey. N Y vedere
J W Edminsen, Chlcag J B Sharpe N T
T G Booth. NY W E Fttch Ky
A J Built. London Mrs O Bryant S Mateo
E A Keating NY P J FagVn & w. Cal
W A McFarlane & w, J F Peters. Stockton
_ Los^Ang C M Proctor. Boston
Mr. Drysdale & w. San J Oliver & w Berkeley
YT M T at £° .... , H A Bodean, Chicago
5 'w 1 W ln ' L Ans A Rowers, Buenos
Dr N H Morrison. L A Ayres
N Blackstock, Ventura G Mitchell. N Y
Mrs A Cheney. Boston A McCarney N Y- '
Miss Edith M Cheney, W B Edinger>& w NY
Boston N.W McLeod. N
DM Rlordan. L Ang D A Worden, Tacoma
Miss Riordan L Ang R C Klrkwood & w.
T Kahlbars. St Peters- San Jose
burg Miss Kirkwood. Colo-
General and Mrs. M I rado Springs
Ludington. Wash . Miss Amy Strong San
I Lehman & w, N Y Diego
T U Schumann. Ind Miss Annie Davis. San
B A Robb. Boise - Diego . .
C W Jones & w. Denvr C E Lovett., L Ang •
I Raphael & w. L Ang A H Conger, L Ang • \u25a0
L A Crane, S Cruz • H P Conger L Ang '
FA Hlhn. S Cruz A F Trenneaux. Paris
E Baruch. N'Y
GRAND HOTEL. . -
J F Flguerra. S Quentn Miss A E Warner Ct
C T Ramsden. England E Sattel, Cal "
Dr F E Parkinson. Mich R F Johnson, Monterey
H J Parkinson. Cal Dr J T Jones, Grass V
F W Bertram & w, J E Poingdester. Cal
Rio Vista'" :.--\u25a0 W B Olson. Nev City
Mrs W M Lawlor. Cal W E.Crawley. Lockprt
Mrs A L Wells.Sonoma R W- Hoffman N Y
W.Cllne. Los Angeles G W Crystal. Vacavllle
L J Christopher. L A J S Rice, Cal
F H Murray. Boston E Russell N T
E.Kauntze. Hanrord- H>E Rogers, Stockton
Mrs Kingsley. NY. EM Goss & w. S Jose
Miss Lyon.- NY NO- Huteber?. Campbll
E May. Honolulu F N Suanton S Cruz
C R Bennett. Honolulu J A' Hunter N Y
J? £ Dunlway^ Hono L O Waterhouse. Mass .
C H Bishop. . Kaual G A Budges Mass
J Palmer, Louisville T F Mulligan N Y
Mrs C C Taylor. Iowa A A Gunter & w N Y
Mrs D S Parker. Tex C W Eastln. Mod'esto
H Mallach. Marrsville G Turner. Mod«"
W A Hancock. Colgate J W Whlted. Fresno
F.Mattlson.'S Cruz DA Conolly. Spokane
A.B Bovler & w. N Y H C Veatch OrovlHe 4
Mrs H Booksln Sr. Cal E M WoodmairOrov
J Trallor & w Suisun W Moran. Seattle -
h « S > tab er> Los An * E D Marshall. Phlla'>
?£££SE?i3&£l" ° Vansalr. Portland
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
STOCK AXTD BOND EXCHANGE^
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 23—2 P. m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS. '
Bid. Ask. . • Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..lll%112J4|4s qr c <new).139 140
4s quar reg ..Ill%112%i3s quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO6V4107 Oceanic S3 5s. —.104%
Cal-st 6a ......113 — Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
C C Water 5s.lll%112% Pac G Imp 4a. — 100
EdL&F 6s.. — 131% Pk & C H 63.111 113
Fer & C H 6s. — 121 Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s.... — -\u25a0 Powll-st K 6a. - —
H O & S 5%s..- - Sac E G R 5s. &,*J$
Do 5s 99 — S F & SJV 5s.l22Vil23Vi
Los Aog R 53.117 117% Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 68.101% — S P of Ariz 6a
Do gmd 6s.. 100 — (1909) ...H3%114
' Do gntd 5a. .101 103 (1910) ........114% —
1. A & P 5s.... — 102 S P of Cal 6a
Do 1 c m 5a. — 123 (1905). Ser A.107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128k (1905), Ser B.108 —
Do 1 c m os.121% — (1906) 109 -
N R of Cal 6a.UZv t lUH (1912) ...... ..119%119T»
N R of Cal 5S.121H122 S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 63.101% — *c gntd 5a llHill2
Do 5s — 108 SPBr Cal 6s.l3+ —
Nor Cal R 5a.ll2% — S V. Water 6a.lllVjll2
Oak Gas Ss ...lll?i — Do 43 * 1( *V*
Oak Tran 6s. .122 126 Do 4s 2d m.. — 104
Do 1st c 5a.. — 112% Stktn Gaa 6S..104 —
Oak Wat gr 5s.lO« —
WATER STOCKS. ; f^ r
Contra Costa.. 77% TV&\ Port Costa 83 83
Marin County. 6S — I Spring Valley. 89 89*i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P._— 4 Pacific Light.. 41 —
EquitabI* 3% 3% Sacramento ...25 35
Mutual ........ — 6% S F G & E.... 44 44%
Oakland 60% 51V4 San Francisco. '4% —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 42% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.240 — .»
rXSJ* BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 75% T9 L P & A......159%180
California .....406 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal -Safe Dep.iOfl — s F National. 130 —
First NatlonL. 312% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 1925 ISav & Loan...— 90
Humboldt — — . Security Sav.. 275 —
Mutual Sav... SO — Union Trust.. 1700 —
S F Bar Un..525 — .;.
:^-?'r . STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — OSLi H.... 40 —
Geary — 60 Presidio 30 —
Market 87 87%
*/ %;- powder.
Giant 79 79H|VIgorlt 4 4%
. . - SUGAR.
Hana 4% 6 (Kllauea 11 12
Hawaiian 38% 47% I Makawell 27% 23
Honokaa 11% — lOnomea ....... 24 23 .
Hutchlnson ... 16>4.16V& I Paauhau 11 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.,140%141 Oceanic S Co.' 44% 45
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 98 Pac Aux FA. 2Vi —
Cal Wine Asn. 89% 91 Pac C Borax.,165 —
Mer.Exchanse.llO — Par Paint .... 14 —
Morning- Session.
Board—
I B Alaska Packers' Assn 141 00
10 Contra Costa Water (cash) 77 00
10 Contra Costa Water 77 25
10 Contra Costa Water (cash) 77 25
20 Giant Powder Con 79 50
23 Honokaa S C (s 90) 11 75
75 Honokaa S Co 11 75
55 Market Street Railway 87 25
10O Oceanic S S Co 4o 00
60 Paauhau S F Co II 62%i
Street—
S5000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per cent. .106 50
60 Contra Costa Water 77 60
10 Giant Powder Con (cash) 79 25
100 Honokaa 1175
5 Hutchinson S P Co IS 75
50 .Hutchlnson S P Co 18 50
25 Makawell 27 87%
25 Market Street Railway (s 10) 87 25
40 Market Street Railway 87 25
75 Oceanic S 9 Co 45 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 45 23
60 Paauhau S P Co . 11 50
65 Spring Valley Water 89 50
Street—
315 Contra Costa Water 77 3714
15000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent bonds.. 117 50
25 Makawell 28 00
{15,000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 121 75
$5000 S P of C 5 Per cent bonds (1912).. ..119 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ' :'
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Four 45
150 Home 330
200 Monarch of Arizona 24
100 Monte Cristo 1 65
150 Occidental of West Virginia. 35
10 Occidental of West Virginia 40
2500 OH City Petroleum 24
120 Peerless 5 12%
1000 Petroleum Center (b 90) 06
16,000 Petroleum Center (b 60) 06
500 Sterling 1 30
500 Stirling (b 90) 135
300 Wolverine *50
Afternoon Session. \u25a0-. r i \u25a0
Board— ' • }\u25a0•)/ t //;
30 Four ....:........... ; 49
600 Lion (s 90) :.... OS
500 Lion 0«
500 Monarch of Arizona (b 90)...- 24
1500 Monarch of Arizona (b 60) 2»
1000 Monarch of Arizona 23
1100 Occidental of "West Virginia 35
600 Twenty-eight . 160
MINING STOCKS.
The following were- the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 17 20O Julia 01
100 Caledonia 33 500 Mexican 23
100 Challenge 20 100 Ophir 89
60 Con Cal & Va..l 85 200 Union Con 17
400 Gould & Curry 13
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 13 500 Crown Point... 04
100 Con Cal & Va..l 85 200 Mexican 21
600 Con Cal & Va..l 89 30O Occidental 04
100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 1500 Ophir &5
3C0 Confidence 72 100 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Confidence ..... 73 200 Union Con ..... 14
200 Confidence 75
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. : *
500 Best & Belcher 17 600 Mexican 21
400 Best & Belcher 16 600 Ophir SS
100 Con Cal & V.I 82V4 400 Ophir 83
50 Con Cal & Va..l bO 200 Overman 05
200 Confidence 75 300 Sierra Nevada. IS
300 Mexican 22 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 16 200 Mexican 21
100 Best & Belcher 15 200 Ophir 8*
350 Con Cal & Va..l «0 200 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Con Cal & V.I 82% 300 Union Con 17
300 Gould & Curry 13 300 Yellow Jacket.. Ill
200 Hale & Norc... IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 23-4 p. «.
Bid. Ask. - .' Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 02 03 Kentuck 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01
Belcher 4)8 09 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 05 ««
Bullion — 04 Ophir 85 86
Caledonia 30 31 Overman 04 05
Challenge Con.. 13 19 Potosl 07 68
Chollar 07 08 Savage .... lo, 11
Confidence 77 79 Scorpion o»
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 85 3eg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. IS 17
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 32 35
Crown. Point... • 06 07 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con 14 — Standard ..a 90 4 00
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate 07
Gould & Curry 13 14 Union Con 15 17
Hale & Norc... 18 19 Utah 03 04
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 17 13
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1901/
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try-markets, dull; weather -In England, fine. "
: COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Email,- yet the small* movement, was explained
away by the statement I that farmers were | too
busy to sell. -, Despite these \u25a0 Influences .and
small; primary' receipts .December opened, ,un-,
changed to a shade higher at : 70%@70%c • to
70%c. There : was • an early, report of continued
drouth, in. Argentina, which brought i a \u25a0 small
advance, ;. but \u25a0 the firm tone . of the " pit was
more largely- due to an absence 1 of trade and
some covering: in the face of light offerings.
December sold to 70^c and closed firm. : .' %c
advanced .at 7O@71V4c. \u25a0 : ' ' \u25a0-,'-\u25a0•
Oats needed only the advance In corn to de
velop the . strength that has been latent In
this market for the last week. December
closed firm, %c higher, at 35%c. '
The : Provision market was a' dull ana drag
ging affair. January pork closed \u25a0 7%c \u25a0 higher,
lard 2Vj@oc higher and ribs 5c up. . . .-• '
, The leading futures. ranged as follows: . :..'\u25a0
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
New York Grain and Produce.Tagebiatt reports "a serious Inundation at
Broussa near . the . Sea of v Marmora. - The
water rose with terrible suddenness In the
night time, eighty persons being drowned
and 776 houses destroyed.
Sudden Inundation Near the Sea of
Marmora' Causes, a Great v.
' Disaster. .
VIENNA, Oct. 23.— The Neueste Wiener
HUNDBEDS OP HOUSES /-
DESTROYED BY FLOOD
s OAKLAND,* Oct.; 23.— Licenses to marry
were - issued i to-day- to ; Edward M. Mur
cher, 32, and Alice Brown Oldham, 30,- both
of - Nevada , City ; i Manuel = Monese Jr., » 29,
and Amelia A.- Andrade,<22, both. of Hay
wards; Albert A: Kemke, 87,' Keswick.and
Florence : M.^LaiVine, ; 24,= San Francisco ;
Louis F. Chapman, over 21, Bakersfleld,
and Edith Dozer, over 18/ Oakland ; rA: J J.'
Sllva, 27,- Centerville," and Rosle A; Silva,
20, San Leandro; Holland Lownes, * 23,' and
Genevieve Lavery,'2O, : both ; of San Fran
\u25a0clsco.k~:^~->;k\u25a0;-;-* '- ;':'-. h--':v ."...'\u25a0' :i ::": : *'/• «^. ?
Licenses to Marry.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Fire attacked the
packing house ,of ;the G. H. Hammond
Company at Hammond, Ind., to-night and
within an hour gained such headway that
the destruction . of the plant was , feared.
The Hammond Fire Department and ' the
private fire corps of the, packing company
were | unable to cope with the j flames and
an emergency - call j was sent ' to j Chicago
and South Chicago. - •
Fire engines from the Chicago i depart
ment were loaded upon a special train on
the Fort Wayne road and carried to .the
burning : district. - \u25a0 ,_ W „ „ "
The lire began, at the -south end of the
plant in an old frame house.- In an hour
the car, shops, oiling rooms, beef-killing
department and blacksmith - shops were
destroyed. • It - then i seemed that the fire
had burned itself out,, but in a few min
utes the f our-story brick building con
taining the cooling rooms, one of the com
pany's largest buildings of the plant,. was
burning. - - .' \u25a0; "
The fire was got under control at 11:80
o'clock after four departments of the
plant had been - destroyed. •' The loss is
$500,000. V v \u25a0•--.. ' \u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0 '\u25a0' ..\u25a0," \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 '\u25a0-.. \u25a0 -\u25a0.- \u25a0\u25a0•--\u25a0-'-. \u25a0
The packing company's plant covers fif
teen acres.. Eighteen hundred men are
employed In. the cooling department.; The
company has * branches in : South ; Omaha,
St. Joseph, Mo.; and Kansas City. r
- Charles C. Griswold \u25a0<\u25a0 and J. t A.\ Klein
have returned from Petaluma, where they
went In the interests of .the annual plains
meeting of the Interstate I Coursing Club.
They found a ojO-acre - field -in the Page
Ranch, seven \u25a0 and '\u25a0 one-half ; miles- ' from
Petaluma,- on the Santa Rosa road,' which
would be suitable " for -the .*- meeting/.. A
heavy- rainfall would ;v place it -in good
condition r for - the greyhounds: » If this
place la . chosen ; the hares *. will be taken
from ' this : city. • « This will do | away j with
the :, tiresome -'.'beating", for. -hares •• which
has been s necessary : in the . San : Joaquln
Valley for some years past. .
F. B! Gerber's Rienzl vs. T. J. Cronin'a Van
dal; Star Kennels' Plckfoeket vs. O. Shar
man'a. Warship; Sterl & Knowles' Olita vs.
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete ;. C. O. Peter
son's Lady Nellie vs. G. Sharman's Little Sis
ter; F. Jones' . Wedgewood vs. F. Schou' a * The
Moor; M. Nealon's Agamemnon vs.'- F. B. Ger
ber's Mount Ida; G. Sharman's ; St. Ives j va.'
B. Reddy's Full- Moon; v. F. Schou' s Master
Whalen vs. 'IX. J. Healey's Fine Form; H.
Lynch's Merrlmac vs. E. Geary's America; E.
Geary's Ireland ' vs. F. Schou's King's • Bor
derer; C. O. Petersen's .Haphazard vs. E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey; G. -Nethercott's Freda
C vs. G. Nethercott's Red Rock; J. Dowllng's
Sir Lawrence vs. Chlarlnl Brothers'. White
Hat; Chlarinl Brothers' Dewdrop vs. Star Ken
nels' Herschel's Pride; H. H. Gray's Rona . vs.
»G. Nethercott's Floodgate; . G.- Sharman's Sir
Pasha vs. G; Sharman's -Chicago ' Boy; \u25a0iO.
Nethercott's Hickory Pick vs. J. A. Klein's
Tornado; L. ,F. Bartels' Best • Bargain vs. - D.
J. Healey's Tapioca; Sterl & Knowles' Freeze
Out vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer; H.
Lynch's A.'- J. Martin vs. F.' S, Price's Brutus;
E. Neaves' Spiteful vs. > G. , Sharman's Firm
Fellow; P. Doyle's Liberator vs. J. Markland's
.The Grafter; : Star Kennels' Black Head \u25a0vs. \u25a0 P.
/M. • Clarkson's Golden Garter; Yosemite Ken
nels' Mose vs. G. Graham's Tyrone Prince; M.
Nealon's Achilles vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Lear
King; T. ' J. Cronln's Tralee Boy :- va. . D. : J.
Healey'a For Glory; Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire
vs. M Neaton's Aeneas ;E. Neaves' First Foot
vs. W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; W. C. Glap
aon's Master Workman vs. E. Neaves' Stray
away; ' E. Geary's Palo Alto - vs. J. Carrolfs
Master Clair ; < Pasha . Kennels' — — ' vs. Star
Kennels'. Fontenoy; J. M. Halton's May, Hemp
stead vs.;L.:S. Barres"Amedee. , . . . .
The card at Union Coursing Park this
week is made up of a sixty-four-dog stake
which will be run entirely on Sunday.
Palo Alto and- other good ones are in the
running, a number of owners are resting
their dogs after the hard \ coursing they
received last week. _
The deciding course for the John Grace
Cup stake ' between Beacon and Rector,
which was not run last Sunday, owing to
darkness, will be run on Sunday immedi
ately'after luncheon.. This will be about
2 p. m. The draw ; for the open stake re
sulted as follows:
Back of Nevills' fight there is a story.
Revenge enters into his plans. It is said
that he had a'dlstinct understanding with
the projectors of the line that the moun
tain terminal should be Jamestown. Act
ing on this agreement, the mining . man
put $500,000 into : a palatial hotel and as
much more into other improvements. His
Rawhide mine backed up the j town and
times became livelier there than for
twenty years previously. But when the
road pushed on to Sonora and Carters,
Jamestown was injured and Nevllls' hotel
became; a "white elephant." He is now
free from litigation over his mining prop
erty and has money in plenty. He has
doubled the forces in his Rawhide and
App mines and is booming all of his enter
prises. . .-
It Is said that many of . the merchants
are not enthusiastic over the coming of
the mountain railroad and will back
Nevllls In his fight for a \u25a0 return to old
time methods of transportation. Nevllls
believes he can make, the '.railroad regret
its go-by of Jamestown and is prepared
for. a stubborn .fight. The railroad peo
ple's side of -the story, is not obtainable
here.- ' -" ." r-. : ._ :. . \u25a0 -, : \u25a0 . .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 >
STOCKTON, Oct. 23.-Captain W. 'A.
Nevllls, the mining magnate, whose inter
ests in and about Jamestown run into the
millions, has sworn enmity to the Sierra
Railroad and proposes to make his anti
pathy" of a kind that will count against
the mountain line. He will this, week put
on a big line of freighters between Oak
dale and Jamestown and contract to haul
all goods offered him at $1 or more a ton
less than the railroad schedule. Further
than this, he announces that he will meet
every cut the road makes and will give a
rapid and satisfactory service.
,. The people in the mountain districts af
fected are said to hail with delight a re
turn to old-time conditions, when the big
freighters dotted every trail and the crews
made money fly in the roadhouses.
FAST GBEYHOITNDS TO
BrTJlT DECIDING COURSE
HALF MILLION
IN THE SMOKE
LONDON, Oct. 24.— A dispatch from
Brussels says it Is rumored there that
Commandant General Botha • Is camped
with 4000 men between Wakkerstroom and
Ermelo.
Botha Camped With, an Army.
An inquest was held yesterday Jay Cor
oner L«land in the case of Peter Lynch,
who was shot in the leg July 30 last by
one of two colored non-union teamsters
while defending themselves from, an at
tack by, a mob. The Jury returned a ver
dict of accidental death, practically exon
erating William Ferguson and Roscoe
Horn, the men who fired into the crowd.
The nitnesses told practically the same
story ta the effect that as the two colored
rneii were going to work in Enmons' sta
bles on Eleventh street they were ad
vanced upon by two crowds of strikers,
one numbering fourteen or fifteen men
and the other about twenty-five men.
When the smaller mob had reached the
middle of Eleventh street, near Harrison,
Ferguson and Horn drew their revolvers
and finsd into the crowd, wounding Lynch
Dr. Charles M. Miller of the Central
Emergency Hospital testified that when
Lynch came to the hospital he told the
\u25a0witness that .while walking diagonally
a.«>ross the street with his back turned to
Ferguson and Horn he had been struck
by a bullet intended for some one else.
William Ferguson, one of the men who
did the shooting, took the stand and iden
tified Wallace Jamieson, a fireman of en
gine No. 29, as one of the mob. While he
and Horn were going to their work they
saw another fireman go to the door of the
saloon on the southwest corner of Folsom
and Eleventh streets and call to some one
inside:
"Wait a minute, I want to see the fun."
Ferguson testified that he saw Jamieson
leave the engine-house and mingle with
the mob just before the advance was
made upon the witness. When the crowd
began to cross the street for the purpose
of attacking the witness and his compan
ion several stones were thrown and Fer
guson ordered the men to stand back and
drew his revolver. One of the mob made
a threatening remark and the crowd con
tinuing to advance menacingly, the wit
ness'fired one shot in the air. This not
having the desired effect he shot into the
crowd.
Horn corroborated the testimony of his
companion.
Detective Sergeant J. F. Dlnan produced
the transcript of a statement made to him
by Lynch shortly after the shooting."
Lynch said that the strikers had attacked
the colored men and they had fired their
revolvfrs and shot Lynch accidentally.
The Jury returned the following verdict:
That the 6aid Peter Lynch came to his death
October 20 through septic pneumonia and sep
ticaemia following gundshot wound of left hip
inflicted by either William Ferguson or Roscoe
Horn, which one we are unable to determine.
We flnd that the shooting of said Peter Lynch
was accidental.
Coroner Leland approved the verdict.
Killed by. an Elevator.
A Japanese olevator boy known as
George was instantly killed last night at
the Hotel Metropole, 6 Turk street. He
had taken a lady passenger to the third
floor of the building and stepped out of
the cage to direct her to a room. While
he was out of the cage the elevator sud
denly started vpward. In attempting to
catch it the boy had his head crushed
between the floor - and the frame ' work
about the shaft. patBB&Hfe \u25a0<\u25a0'?* f *.'\u25a0- '-
Mrs. Dale Charged With. Murder.
A Coroner's Jury yesterday, after an in
quest over -the body of Mrs. Florence
Hamilton of 708 Gough street, returned a
verdict that death had been caused by a
criminal operation performed by Mrs.
Dale, and charged the latter .with
the crime of murder.* Mrs. Dale has left
the city or, is In hiding.
Call for Dr. Mackenzie Issued.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— At a meeting of
the congregation of the Rutgers Riverside
Presbyterian Church to-night a unani
mous call was extended -.to the' Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, now pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church of San-Fran
cisco. The Rutgers Riverside Church Is
one of the oldest Presbyterian churches in
New York, dating from 1798. : "....
COLON, Oct. 23.— The Colombian Gov
ernment formally announced that General
Pompilllo Guiterrez defeated on October
5, near Ambalema. on the Magdalena
River west of Bogota, the insurgent
forces' from the departments _ of Tolima
and Condinamarca. united under General
Marin and General Duran. after a desper
ate engagement lasting three hours. ;. .
According to the official announcement
the insurgents retreated after losing 100
killed, among whom was General
Lombano, and several captured, together
with a large- supply of ammunition. The
Government loss exceeded nfty.
INSTJBGENTS ABE DEFEATED.
Keys the initiates are compelled to do
what they are told by a chosen leader. In
evening dress coats, duck trousers and
plug hats the neophytes met the 8 o'clock
local train this morning at Berkeley sta
tion and escorted the San Francisco co
eds to college. Each man had a tin Jiorn
and when he approached a co-ed he lifted
his plug ceremoniously and gave a blast
on the horn, then he took her books or
grip and walked with her to her class
room. The morning hours were spent in
flying kites and escorting unwilling co
eds over the campus. As most of the
women students were afraid tb,pass from
one building to another on account of the
marked attention they received the col
lege classes suffered severely for want of
students. In fact the antics of the nine
teen neophytes succeeded \u25a0 in making to
day a holiday at the university. The
JIM'S VERDICT
IN LYNCH CASE
BERKELEY. Oct 23.— The annual
"running" of the Skull and Keys
.Society of the University of Cali
fornia took place to-day on th6
college grounds. From 8 o'clock
until noon the Initiates, nineteen In num
ber, kept the grounds around the build
ings Ir. an uproar, and from 4 until 5
o'clock more than 2000 students and visit
ors witnessed their vaudeville perform
ance o:i the gridiron. So numerous were
the ejx*rta.tors Jn the afternoon that the
football field was overrun and practice
among the players wag stopped for a
time. ".Part of the programme was omitted
in crder to clear the field for the foot
ball men. -v „
During the "running" of the Skull and
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct. 23.—Ad
vices received here from La Guira, Vene
zuela, under date of Monday, October 21,
say that the first consignment of arms
and ammunition, consisting of 1500 rifle3
and 400,000 cartridges, on board a schoon
er towed by the Venezuelan gunboat on
the 23d of May and in charge of the Ven
ezuelan generals, Pedro Rodriguez and
Francisco Lieva, left La Guira October
28. bound for the Upper Orinoco. .Thd
arms and ammunition will be turned ove.
to the Colombian Liberals at Llanos-de-
Casanare for use by the latter against
the Conservative Government . in the Co
lombian Department of Boyaca. The ex
pedition, which was sent by the Vene
zuelan Government, departed openly, roi
lowing plans arranged in Caracas. -
General Uribe-Uribe, after several days
delay, passed from Venezuela into the Co
lombian district of Las Grias Saturday
at the head of about 2000 men. Whether
they were all Colombians or partly Vene
zuelans it is impossible definitely to ascer
tain It is believed that General Uribe-
Uribe intends trying to- Join the detach
ment commanded by Marin, the Colom
bian Liberal leader, at Garcia Bovera.
General Uribe-Uribe will try to evade ac
tion with the Conservatives near
frontier, and, if he succeeds in so doing,
will attack the Conservatives at some
distance beyond the frontier.
In the meantime the Venezuelan troops
stationed at Tachira have ; been or. are
maneuvering for'the purposeof distract
ing the Colombians' attention from Gen
eral Uribe-Uribe' s movements. President
Castro is anxiously awaiting news, of
General Uribe-Uribejs success. •
President Castro will. probably issue
about the end of October an official state
ment to the effect that Venezuela enjoys
internal peace. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
CAPTAIN NEVILLS
PLANS REVENGE
" B F. Bishop, F. E. Bishop, H. H. Braley,
W. H. Cooper, L. B. Chandler, F.-C. Dutton,
T. W. Dibblee, J. F. Moore, A. C. Nahl, M. S.
Orrick, A. D. Flaw. W. C. Robbins, Moulton
Warner. J. H.- White, It. A. Womble and E.
T. Zook. .^ -
Thomas Haskins as St.. Peter, arrayed
in the glory of a purple robe, a carefully
adjusted gilt halo and a bunch of vener
able-looking whiskers, first appeared as.
a "voice from the old world" to tell how
it. happened that the initials first got on
to the Skull and Keys membership • rol>.
Philip Clay as a society man told of his
fifteen j years' experience as a society
leader.' Robert W. Ritchie (Carrie Na-:
tion) made a hit in Jiis speech on "The
Gold Cure Simplified, " describing in de
tail the .horrors, of sorority, Russian iced
tea and. Prytanean punch. Bryan Bell,
the venerable Noah, with his "infant mi
crobe," composed of E. M. Hussey an.i
Fr B. Caldwell, adjusted to represent
some animal between a giraffe and a
goat, did a combination turn.
Co-Eds Were With Noah.
1 Noah asked the giraffe-goat, ' named
Filo for convenience, if there were any
co-eds on the ark. Filo nodded^, "Are
any of them here now?" asked*^ Noah.
Filo's vigorous nodding brought down the
bleachers. The original "Family Jar" by
W. B. Bundschu and G. M. Broemmel
(Adam and Eve) and a job lot of melody
by Walter Brown, the tramp, ended the
public ceremonials. \u25a0\u25a0 p
To-night the crivate Initiation and ban
quet-were held. \u25a0
The initiates are the following named: j
Walter Lyman .Brown. Bryan Bell, George
Martin Broemmel, Walter Barbour Bundschu,
Forrest Beamer Caldwell, Philip Tuggle Clay.
Allen Ralston Curtis, George Temple Davis,
Krnest Duden Jr.. Frank Maddux Evans. Ar
thur W Foster, Thomas W. Haskins, Charles
Henry Hudson, Edward M. Hussey. Gurney E.
Newlln, Challen R. Parker, Robert Wells
Ritchie. George L. Sessions and Bosworth D.
Sawyer. • i . '
The following named are the Skull and
Keys members now in college:
Impressarlo George Davis led the "way,
followed by a policeman and a tramp.
N»xt came Noah and his "Infant ml-'
crobe." Adam and Eve and St. Peter
and a blonde belle, followed by living
skeletons, dark -eyed damsels, displaying
milch and varl-colored hosiery; Carrie
Nation and her hatchet and others.
Owing to the vast crowd Davis com
pelled the men to run a ."four-ring" per
formance. Three times their talent was
displayed at -different points in front of
the main bleachers on the west side of
the field, and a special exhibition was
given to a group of co-eds seated on the
small bleachers on the east side.
Many reports from principals of various
schools were read in replifcto a circular is
sued by the board as to the number of
pupils- on- the waiting list. Principal
Brogan of the Moulder School stated that
he had refused admission to. ten pupils
of the first grade. Principal McElroy
wrote that there is one vacant seat in the
Harrison School and nineteen pupils on
the waiting list. Twenty-one pupils are
on the waiting. list of the Adams School.
Nineteen ' were denied admission to the
Crocker Grammar School on account of
lack of accommodation, several to the
Dudley Stone, eight to the Agassiz and
fourteen were turned 'away from the
Hamilton. ; , '
Principal Lyser of the John Swett
School reports, 5 that his school is over-
crowded and that two additional classes
are necessary." He says that parents ob
ject to the board's order to transfer pupils
to the nearest schools because there is no
room at the John Swett School.
- Many Children Shut Out."
Some of the prinicpals stated that they
had never asked for the formation of ad
ditional classes, but the reports generally
supported Superintendent v Webster's -
charge that many pupils are denied school
facilities. , - . ...
President Kincaid reported that she had
formed two primary classes in the Hearst
School, for which outside rooms have been
rented. A first grade-class has also been
formed in the Fremont School and two
rooms will be rented for a new class in
the Everett School and the Sherman Pri
mary. •-" , "• "' " '"• \u25a0 *v
v Leave of absence was granted to Daniel
Cro3by of the Richmond Evening School
and Miss J. Roden was assigned to his
class.
Miss Elinor Murphy was retired on an
annuity of twenty-seven-thirtieths of- the
maximum./ '. ' ' . • " '
The board denied the request of the
Maria Kip Orphanage to have eighty-nine
pupils transferred from the Sutro School
to the Park Primary.
Appointed to Day Eligible Idst.
Attorney Costello appeared before the
board to ascertain why. his client, Miss
Geraldine Donovan, who, although a reg
ular teacher, had been assigned as a sub
stitute to the Lincoln Evening School. The
Directors practically denied - the attorney
a hearing by adjourning before his pro
test was heard. N '; .
The "folowing named, selected by com
petitive examination, I were appointed to
the day eligible list of teachers: .
Cora J. Read, Geortfana Gladys Hawkins.
Mae E. O'Donnell, Emily "Wieand. Sara Allen, ,
Edith F. Browning:, Regina F. Cleary, Mary
A. Nolan, Louis Ferrari and Mary C . McCar
thy, .y - \u25a0-- .....--
• The Board of Education yesterday re
pealed the rule providing that female
teachers who marry thereby lose their po
sitions In the department. The rule has
proven obnoxious and was declared un
constitutional by City Attorney Lane, who
held that the board has no power to inter
fere in the private affairs of its employes.
STUDENTS "WHOSE FANTASTICAL
COSTUMES ARE DESIGNED TO
TERRORIZE GENTLE CO-EDS.
Teachers May Marry and
Not Forfeit Their
Positions.
Philippine Jurist the
G-uest of His Alma •
Mater.
GUIDES RUNAWAY HORSE
\u25a0: ' ALONG CROWDED STREETS
Voting Woman's Remarkable Grit
and Presence of Mind Saves
Her Life.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 23.— Miss Kitty Snell
of San Francisco, at one time a member
of a theatrical company there, had a
thrilling experience in a runaway here
this afternoon, and but for her presence
of mind she would have been killed or
badly injured. The young lady was being
driven in a closed coupe on Third street,
near St.- James. A piece of broken har
ness frightened the horse and he became
unmanageable, the driver being thrown to
the ground. The horse then ran up St.
James to First street and along First at
a breakrneck pace.
Miss Snell. displayed great grit and
presence of mind. Reaching out of the
window, she seized, the lines. For three
blocks on First street, whieh was crowd
ed with rigs, she skillfully guided the
horse. That collisions were avoided
seemed almost miraculous. Every one
expected to see Miss Snell killed.
In turning from First on to San Fer
nando street the rig crashed Into a pea
nut stand T>n the corner, entirely de
molishing It. The horse wa3 then
stopped.
Aside from having, her hair disarranged
and a silk waist torn, Miss Snell suffered
no damage. . . ..
Miss Snell* formerly lived here, but
several years ago went to San Fran
cisco to study for the stage, and for some
time was a member of a stock company
in one of the theaters. She was reared
on her father's cattle ranch near Mount
Hamilton,, and the knowledge of horses
she then gained probably saved her life
to-day. . . \-.-,--. :-;'\-.^ '«,:
Enter Thomas Boyle's Home in So
quel Gulch, and -Open Fire
Upon Him.
MASKED MEN" ATTEMPT
' TO MURDITK. EANCHES
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 23.— Two masked
men entered Thomas Boyle's residence in
Soquel Gulch last evening. 'Without pro
vocation one of them . began shooting at
Boyle, who grabbed the shooter's arm and
made him drop the pistol. The fellow'3
companion struck Boyle with a club, cut
ting a gash in his head. Neighbors, hear
ing shots, hastened to the scene and the
two men fled. ' Later Frank and Rov
Steinbaugh were arrested in Soquel an 1
accused of the crime. They assert their
innocence. The two were placed in jail
here to-day. . . :
PASADENA, Oct. 23.— James Wagner of
New York has -been -elected president of
the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Asso
ciation;. He -will choose his directorate
and assistants and set about immediately
arranging for the twelfth New Year's day
fete. It is proposed to make the rose
tournament of January 1. 1902, equal to i£
It do not surpass all previous ones.
Pasadena's New Year's Fete.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— An armed band
boarded a train near Batoum, according,
to a dispatch from Odessa to the Daily
Express, murdered three officials and
looted the passengers of valuables..
Murder Officials, Loot Passengers.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Good indications
of oil have been discovered along the
Shannon road, about two miles north of
Los Gatos, and agents of the North
American Crude Oil • Company are pro
curing leases to land in that vicinity.
Oil North of Los Gatos.
SUISUN, Oct. 23.— Mrs. C. P. Reeves, a
pioneer resident of- Sulsun, made a mis
step in the dark last night and fell head
long down a steep stairway in her dwell
ing. . Both of -her arms were broken
above the wrists, and she received a cut
across the forehead. She was in a criti
cal condition this evening.
Falls Down Steep Stairway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLARA, Oct. 23.-Brigadier
General James F. Smith was honored to
day by the alumni and faculty of Santa.
Clara College. He arrived on the . 12:23
o'clock - train from San Francisco and
was met at the depot by a band of
twenty-two pieces from the college and
escorted to his alma mater by the .entire
student body. He was received by. Rev.
Robert E. Kenna, ; president ! of the col
lege, and at 1 o'clock a banquet was
served, at which 100 guests sat down.
Among, those . around the table were:
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter; Rev.
Father .. Frieden, ' S. J.", superior of . tha
Jesuit order of the Pacific Coast; and
many prominent citizens 'of Santa- Clara
County, as well as &\u25a0 large representation
from San \u25a0 Francisco." -V .' - -
-James Emery of San ' Francisco was
toastmaster. , The responses were marked
by speeches of striking interest, especial
ly that of General Smith. Alluding to the
campaign of - education . instituted , in \u25a0 the
Philippines, he said: \u25a0 \u25a0 . ; ,-\u25a0--:\u25a0. \u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0 .\u25a0
Not- only ia education needed in the islands,
but there should be :disseminated in the States
of this great Union instruction that will edu
cate the people to exercise patience. -.
It will take many years to bring these island
tribes, to a state of, civilization equal to our
own. Spain, you' say. did not educate those
people. Yes, she did. For three hundred
years she gave them Instruction in the arts
and sciences; she taught them engineering, law.
philosophy; the practice of medicine, -and,- as
a- result, there were natives of the utmost re
finement and wealth who were the equals of
any civilized people. Spain acquired these
islands when in the zenith of her elory and
the race distinction was never wiped out until
the guns of Dewey's fleet gave this country a
foothold in the Philippines. Our duty • Is • to
teach them the principles of 'liberty that have
made this the grandest republic the world has
ever seen. Thia is the task we have before
us and it will require time and patience. \u25a0•\u25a0•
To the toast, "President Roosevelt,"
John E. Richards . responded. "Our
Guest" was the theme of James H. Barry
of San Francisco; ."The First Regiment,"
Dr. A. P. .O'Brien- of San Francisco:
"California of the Future," Judge M. T.
Dx>oling of San Francisco; "The Y. M. I.,'"
James P. Sex. \u25a0-.""\u25a0
At the conclusion of ths : banquet the
guests witnessed a football game between
the college eleven and ' the Santa Clara
High School. The score was 16 to 6 In
favor of the college. Other athletic events
followed. \u25a0 \u25a0-.•::
In the college theater at 8 o'clock this
evening General Smith was accorded a
reception in which more than 800 persons
participated. "William F. Humphrey of
San Francisco. was chairman of the even
ing and introduced General Smith, who
addressed the audience. Upon the plat
form were Judge M. T. Etoollng, Dr. A.
McComb, James H. Campbell, J. Hudner,
H. E. Wilcox, W.E. Johnson, J. J. Mont
gomery, Joseph G. Carey, Rev. R. E.
Kenna, Rev. Father O'Connell and Rev.
J. W. Rlordan.
The affair was in charge of the alumni
and students. Floral testimonials were
presented in ' their behalf , by Francis
Mulcahy and ; Charles < Laumeister. An
original poem was given by James Baci
galupi. -..' --._..' \u25a0'\u25a0
\u25a0 General Smith graduated from Santa
Clara College in 1878. He will remain sev
eral days as. the guest of the faculty of
the,college. •<\u25a0 ,,. '..-;, i
ASSASSIN CUTS
VICTIM'S THROAT
VANCOUVER, Oct. 23.— For the : third
time I within six months Charles | Suto.' \u25a0 a.
New Westminster hotel proprietor, has
been attacked by an unknown assassin,
who appears /to be relentless in' his deter
mination to end Suto's life. Suto's throat
was cut 'by.{tha murderer last
night, and the .'.wound may caused hU
death.
Suto lives alone in the rear of the depot
hotel. \u25a0 He went home at about midnight.'
As- soon as he opened the front door he
heard a noise which convinced him* that
some one' was in the room. He spoke, but
received no answer. ; He went 'toward hid
bedroom to light a lamp, and he was fol
lowed by the assassin, who attacked him
just as he entered the door of his sleeping
room. \u25a0? The man* jumped upon Suto from
behind and threw him to the floor, and
immediately drew >»-.<\u25a0 ra?or-edged knife
across Suto's throat, :.' Inflicting a deep
gash extending almost from 'ear to. ear.
Suto raised an outcry and , the assassin
made off with all possible speed. He wa-s
seen to. disappear through the doorway b/
his victim, -who ; was . lying prostrate . on
the floor- and ; unable to follow him. A
few seconds later Officers McKercher and
Johnson arrived'; on the scene andvSuto
was £ removed to ' the hospital. The offi
cers instituted a search for ! the criminal,
but without avail. - . " - .
Owing to. the darkness Suto did not get
a good' look: at his assailant and- does not
even know, whether he was a Japanese or
avwhite man. t He says he has no bitter
enemies that he is aware, of and does not
know, of any reason: why he should have
been attacked. \u25a0 .
Tolstoi Has a Belapsa.
v PARIS, Oct. 24.— A " dispatch from St.
Petersburg to the Echo t de Paris says
Count Tolstoi : has had a sudden relapse
and that his condition is considered very
serious:
ELIZABETH GLEESON. POPU
LAR CONTESTANT AT THE
HOLY REDEEMER FAIR. .
BULLETS BURDEN
THEIR SCHOONER
The George W. Prescott is a trim little
schooner of . 54 , tons burden. She left San
Francisco on May 28, 1897, bound for the
Arctic whale fisheries. - Not until to-day
have her captain and crew stepped upon
American- soil other than' that of Alaska.
For four years the hardy craft has been
fighting with the fierce- seas of the Arc
tic Ocean. For weeks at a time she was
locked in the ice. During her wanderings
the schooner cruised as far south as Ja
pan and as far north as Cape North. •.
The catch of the - schooner -would be
taken to some Siberian or Alaskan port
and soldi . The boat would then go for
another cruise. One of the six menln the
crew died and was buried at sea with all
the honors which the . rough, seafaring
men could give him. At one time the crew
nearly perished from • starvation. j For
eight weeks they were locked in the ico
and unable to get supplies. Their provi
sions dwindled until each man was living
on a biscuit a day and the flesh from a
stray seal that they happened to kill.' A
break in the ice enabled them to move
their vessel and a lucky encounter with
a Government cutter saved them from ex
pected'death. . . _
A year ago the schooner wintered at
Teller City, The 'crew deserted and fled
to the gold fields. With the coming of
spring an entirely new crew had to be en
gaged.
The Prescott, arrived in the harbor to
aay in a leaky condition. Since leaving
Bering Sea the crew have had to keep the
pumps going constantly. She will have to
go on dry dock in this place before going
southward. - \u25a0
During the time the sehooner .has been
in the north her owner, John ' Smith, a
resident of Whatcom, died. Captain
Douglass was making inquiries to-day to
learn to whom he should . surrender his
command. He is tired of fishing for
whales and would like to turn the
schooner, over to her owners. These can
not be found. Until some one who can
legally claim the boat appears Captain
Douglass will have to remain with her.
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— After four years of
battling with the ice of the Arctic* Ocean,
the sehooner George ' W. Prescott re
turned to this port to-day; - It is an.Inter
esting .tale of mingled hardship and good
fortune that Captain Angus Douglass
tells. :
"While due praise must be awarded to thosv
of the officers and crew who remained on the
ship until she sank under their feet and for
assisting so many of the passengers to reach
the boats and other available means of preser
vation as presented themselves, we cannot ig
nore the fact that there was an unpardonable
lack of appreciation of existing danger to their
fellow passengers shown by those in the boats
regarding the rescue of others who for the
want of an opportunity had not been able U>
avail themselves of a chance of boarding the
boats before they left the ship's side.
We think that Pilot Le Blanc . is open to
censure for his action in keeping the ship at
full speed— at the rate of nearly fourteen knots
an hour— after seeing* floating ice some ten
minutes before the accident; we would also Con
demn the custom apparently in vogue in coast
waters in leaving the bridge of a steamer at
night (and mere especially a passenger steam
er), in charge of only one officer.
We also find that there is no evidence before
us that the loss of the Islander was due to
the Intemperance of the master or others.
That the Islander was wrecked on the night
of August 15. 1901, by contact with some un
known substance {presumably ice drift, very
much submersed), sinking in deep water In lesa
than twenty minutes after the collision and re
sulting in the loss of life of master, sixteen of
the crew and twenty-three passengers.
It does Dot appear from the evidence that the
master realized the imminent danger in which
the accident ! placed the ship." hence the lack.
of prompt and resolute means in arousing the
crew and passengers, who were asleep in'tha
cabjns; in placing- an officer and crew to each
boat and in forcing the proper quota of pas
sengers to each boat. The evidence clearly
shows the capacity of the boats, was sufficient
to accommodate every person on board, but on
account of Improper management and discipline
there was a rush to the boats at the last
moment, which was beyond the control of the
few officers and members of the crew engaged
in gettinff~lhe boats into the water, thereby
preventing the rescue of several valuable lives.
VICTORIA, B. C./Oct. 23,-The Com
missioner and assessors appointed to in
quire into the loss of the steamer Islander
gave out their finding this morning. In
substance it is as follows:
Finds No Evidence That Dis
aster Was Due to Cap
tain's Drunkenness. /
Vessel That Sailed From San
Francisco in 1 897 Puts
in at Seattle.
morning "stunt" ended by each man mak
ing a speech, singing a song or giving a
dance. - \u25a0 ~ • • \u25a0 . * •
The men dressed for the afternoon
event3 in the Phi' Gamma Delta housa
and were driven from there through town
and to the gridiron. Here they formed
in procession and marched around-' the
field.- Each was in. fantastic- costume.
BOARD RESCINDS
OBNOXIOUS RULE
ALUMNI GREET
GENERAL SMITH
MISS ELIZABETH E. GLEE
SON., of ; Mission Dolores
Church is >ne of the,contest
ants for the prize to be award
ed the most' popular girl, at
the bazaar now \u25a0 being ; conducted for the
benefit of the Church of .the Holy ; Re
deemer, the Rev. Joseph McQuaide, pastor.
The young^ 1 lady Is a daughter, of Police
Sergeant Henry '\u25a0\u25a0 Gleeson \u25a0 of the office : of
the Board of Police Commissioners. This
contest la one of the features 3 of the
bazaar.' and his attracted wide attention.
Miss Gleeson. though now a member cf
Mission Dolores parish, has many friends
\u25a0who remember her when a resident of
this" portion of the: Mission .which *h'a.3
been assigned to Father; McQualde, and
they- will rally to her cause during the
last days of the contest. .
Miss May.Kirby, the other candidate In
this contest, Is a young lady well known
in the, Mission and her friends are sup
porting her strongly. ; ..-
The bazaar has now been in progress
one week and owing to the, popularity of
Father McQualde, whose services In- the-
Philippines with . the First ; California
Regiment have endeared him to the resi
dents of his new parish, the bazaar has
more than exceeded expectations In a
financial way. It is expected that from
$12,000 to $15,000 will be netted for the
completion of the. church, which is now
well under way,-. " "\u25a0\u25a0
The booths are all decorated in fanciful
colors and present a fairy land appear
ance. They are thronged with pretty and
elaborately gowned ladies. : The • shooting
gallery is the favored place for the visit
\u25a0ors to the fair and no one can escape a
match, with Father McQuaide, the soldier
priest. The bazaar, which opened on Oc
tober 12, will probably continue to- No
vember 2. , •
Commission Ends" In
quiry Into the Isl
ander Wreck.'
Schooner Prescott Safe
After Long Battle
With Ice.
Annual Running of the Society Witnessed by More Than. 2OOO
Students and Visitors, Who Are Treated to a 'Show in Which
Noah, Adam and Eve, Carrie Nation and Other Artists Appear
Bazaar in Aid of r the Church -of the : Holy; Redeemer- Is
tracting Large Crowds Every -Evening, and;; Promises
to Be a Most Gratifying Financial and;" Social Success
YEARS OF PERIL
IN ARCTIC SEAS
SKULL AND KEYS INITIATES
DO STUNTS ON THE GRIDIRON
VOTE FOR MOST POPULAR
GIRL GOES MERRILY ON
PASSES CENSURE
UPON TIE PILOT
THE SA*J FRA^CISCO^ X^£, M
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\u25a0j HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Some people suffer from this ail-
ment nearly all their lives. They
are nervous and „ despondent
through loss of sleep.^ The fact is
their kidneys are weak and i n
unable to perform their proper
functions. The best medicine to
strengthen the kidneys, stimulate
the liver and cure Indigestion;
dyspepsia, sleeplessness or
malaria, fever and ague'," is —
A WEAK BACK,
' t . ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Invalid's Delicate 'Stomapb
• Always Tplerates
H Breakfast Food
ALL THE VIRTUES OF MALT
ALL THE STRENGTH OF WHEAT
,The great - virtues of . Malt [ Breakfast
Food, as well as its tonic and corrective
influence : on the organs of digestion, are
well known to physicians and those inter-
ested in pure food products.
"Invalids" and^ dyspeptics who cannot tol-
erate oatmeal and other grain foods, find
that Malt .Breakfast Food is relished and
easily retained on the weak stomach. The
invalid is pleased .to note, after a few
meals of Malt Breakfast Food that every
f unction of the system is energized and
Invigorated. Malt Breakfast Food stands'
unequaled as a builder -and strengthened
fer the weak and run down. Many of our
ablest medical men are now regularly
prescribing Ifalt Breakfast Food for in-
valids and :It Is. the break-
fast food that produced muscle, - tissue
and solid flesh.TELE SAN/ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1901^
12
' CLAIRVO YAWTS— Contliined. V
MME. M. BERNARD,- ~ :
. •• THE. FAMOUS '-}
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription ofuhe past, reveals -the present. hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture If you are in trouble, "discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love -or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you:wlll<be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator.' Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed 1 by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. : ,\u25a0'-.\u25a0
PRINCESS ISHMAEL of the tribe of Alohobar,
Bedouins, from Horan, near Damascus; life
readings through esoteric astronomy without
questions; limited engagement in this, city;
hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. 1008% Market St.,
room 1,. second floor. .
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--
- HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
. he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a.' m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 .to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;. German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, -well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 > Eddy.-
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S>6 Jessie «t., bet. 5th and 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladips
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
r.dvlce; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth. st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AXD CL13ANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'rf Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning:. 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard; CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.: phona Mint 1035.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlnc Works— Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relald. 103 14th St. ;tel.Capp 25-12.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning: Co.. 402 Sutter St.; |
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH- & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 203.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanlnpr Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 326.
I CITY Steam Carpet-beatinK Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th st,: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning- and Reno-
vptine Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Ktrtrny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES..
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No \u25a0charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 5*27 Market st.
I COLUMBIAN- Law and Collection Agency, room '
85. 91B Market. Advice frpe: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGE S^ /TOILET.
A MODERN cottage, furnished, 30 minutes
from city; 6 rooms, bath, fruit trees, piano,
' chickens. SPECK & CO., C67 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. • S. HICGINS, S27 Market street. |
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up: a good metal plate. $15;
gold and porcelain crowns. $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
- $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
! flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to
2 p.. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; pripes
I cheapest and guaranteed; v lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. -
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. J
50c; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. 'Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM flllinps. $1; silver fillings, DOc; ; gold
or porcelain croyns, $5: set of teeth. $7; i
teeth extracted painlessly. \u25a0 New York D«-n- !
tists, 969 Mission St., southeast corner Sixth, j
AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy st.— Work done]
I on weekly installments; lowest rates.
j YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
i going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235<'Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns,* $3; fillings, 25c. (
SET "of teeth without plate. DR. j H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. '
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815*4 Geary, nr. Lark!i».-I»aln- I
less extraction 50c; plates 55 up; phone Polk 1135. j
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex^
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg. ]
• DETECTIVE AGENCIES..
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable!
work and efficient service cuaranteed. '
DOG HOSPITALS. :
DR. CREELY'S 5 C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. v
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! McDOWKLL Dressmaking & Millinery acnool—
Class rates; patterns, cut. 101'J Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knlte pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor fc Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. , .
HKALD'S SCHOOL Ob' KLKCTK1OAL ENG1-
? JvKKKINU — Theory, demonstration, construc-
J tion; laboratory uud tnop work; ihorougnly
practical; day and night. 24 l\sc bt., S. t'. ;
I catalogue free.
'AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
j $& per month; $i<i lifcscholarshiii guarantees a
I complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeuing, arithmetic, penmanship,
cpcl'.iriK. Spanish, etc. : experienced teacners;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. fren
HEALD'S SCHOOL OK MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all eubjects pertaining to- mining and ui!nin D -
enginefering; day -and night; -catalogue free.
I A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
I vise their friends to attend the OALLAGHEK-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarshio $$0; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echocl for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford . professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,-
new GO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MEHRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, typ~
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bide. : individual instruction; catalogue.
i ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining. wech.suT^
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nallleh School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college rraduate* & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott building..
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gresg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123G Market st.
Acting & elocution — Eve. classes, special rat,es;
monthly payments. Leo Cooper, 811 Geary *st.
ENGLISH, Latin. Mathematics. ; Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 77S O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French.etc.Prof.DeFIlippe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; eBtab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano , for practice. 39 Fifth *t.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the F.tage. ,12.} Mason st. . ... \u25a0
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. IOCS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt. - ; S. F.;
founded >1S63; new 80-r>age catalogue free. 5 \u25a0
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
otr.:.<1ay or eve.: <5 mo. ,m?4 Mission.' nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT£Or^lCES.
JAPANESE and .. Chinese V help : - of ' : all kinds ;
- cooks, \u25a0 waiters and •\u25a0. house ,: eervants. : .: GEO.
AOKI & CO.,- 4a Post St.; tel., Bush 135. ,
CHINESE * Employment-; Offlce— All kinds i of
help furnished. 439. Push -»t. : tel. James- 1601.
JAPANESE : Intelligence v Offlce — Furnish- most
* reliable help.;,- 524 Bush at. ; tel.*, Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, '\u25a0\u25a0 Chl-
* nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
: RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
<\u25a0\u25a0 flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
' - / \u25a0 \u25a0 ,\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0•-'• \u25a0:. \u25a0\u25a0 - v <\u25a0. , -v- -.\u25a0 . .. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
EXPERIENCED operators on "«"*«* JSo^j
eteady work: best prices. LOwENBEBO ,*
CO.. 27 Jessie St., 5th floor. . , \u25a0
WANTED-Flrst-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st. \u25a0 -. -
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertUements and
subscriptions has been establlsned at ios«
-Valencia st.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
X^URRAY~&ltEADT. . . . :. . .Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
/......OFFICE OPEN -7 A. M. TO-DAY......
! Ehlp...... :....... ..R.R. Men "••,">;}52
£ R tfaLWters:::::::::f. Ukiah.V.V Free fare
50 laborers tilt
60 steel and ballast men.... Ukiah.... Free fare
;.... MECHANICAL HELP ••••-/•;_•;
2 carpenters, ranch, $1 50 fare.. .$40 and found
Blacksmith, drayage company, dty....*3 aay
Carpenters, mining company Wm'AA-
Boilermaker, mining company $3 60 da>
Bench hand, country •••; ;•*» aay
Furnace man. blacksmith's helper, rancn....
.MISCELLANEOUS •-
J rockmen. San Mateo County.. W2
10 muckers, mining company - *i?
Bandsaw flier, sawmill company. •-••V",t,Vi
Dogger, sawmill company...... $10 and found
Ten 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. $2 and $2 zo aay
Horse clipper; 3 stablemen; 13 farm and ranch
hands • ••\u2666 28 and *^
Shingle packer and sawyer, eawmlll company,
. J66 and found Vi" *-"-" " jl*I
5 laborers, city factory V'^"* 1 J? d y
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
Second cook, hotel, Nevada, $4o. fare pad.
laundryman. country hotel, $33. fare paid.
porter, country hotel. $20; short order cook
for a boat. $40; assistant nurse. Institution.
*25; waiter, $10 week; waiters, $33 and $«>••••
Marker, laundry, city J3o and found
Butcher, drive wagon, married; sausage
maker, country shop; young man to drive
butcher wagon, 12 cooks, different places,
$50. $45. $40 and $35; 14 waiters. J30: 3 wait-
ers, same hotel, south, see boss here; 1*
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.*
Railroad Work Railroad Work
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 drlller3 and muckers $2 to $2 60 a day
.....FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers Jl ?5 a day
FOR NEVADA
10O teamsters - $2 » day
FREE FARE. .SHIP TO-DAT..FREE FARH
Fr«e Fare No Offlce Fe« Free Fare
10 carpenters, railroad work $3 a day
No Offlce Fee Ship To-day Free Fare
10 house carpenters, country $3 5° a da ?
3 milkers, see boss here $30
2 blacksmiths, country. .$3 a day, $40. & board
Farmers, choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French or Italian second cook. $70; third cook.
$50; second hand for cake, $30: 6 waiters, city
and country, $25 to $30; night waiter, city,
HO; man and wife, country hotel, $40; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; as-
' sistant Janitor, Scandinavian or German; $33
and room; laundry marker, city. $2 50 a day;
bell boy. good references, hotel, city, $17 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
\u25a0
MAN about place. $30; assistant janitor. $30
and room; planerman. $2 23 to $2 50 day:
screw turner. J45 and board;, box nailers, J2
! day; blacksmith helper, Jl 50 day and board:
! painter and paperhanger. $1 50 day and found;
1 2 bridge carpenters, $3 50 day; carpenters'
1 helpers. $2 25 day; man for milk depot; buggy
washer: choreman; farmer and milker. J25; 3
! milkers. $30; man and wife, private family.
J $35; ]<t borers for sawmill, J26 to $30 and board;
scraper teamsters, $2 25 day and others. J.
j F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
' 69 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
• RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
• ......FREE FARE FREE FARE
I FOR UKIAH
8 carpenters, country, $3 SO per day, half
fare advanced
| „ Teamster for Arizona. ...$80 to $90 per month
1 carload of laborers $2 23 to J2 50 per day
Cheap rates to Redding. Shasta County. We
charter a car that leaves here Friday...
ANDRE'S offlce. S16 Stockton st. — Cook, coun-
1 try hotel. $40 to-JSO; second cook. $10 a -week;
ranch cook, $30: 2 waiters for country, $30;
I waiter, city, $45; kitchen hands. $15 to $30;
[ boy to run elevator. $13; stable boy, $6 a
j week; butler. $35, etc.
1 SALESMAN for general merchandls- store,
country; $60. W. D. EWER & CO., blO Clay.
' LAUNDRYMAN for Institution, short distance
' in- country, $40 and found; steady place. W.
1 D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
, BOY about 15 years old for store work. $5 week
; and Increase. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., Sod
Geary st. . •
; 'WANTED — Experienced coffee roaster; steady
position to right party; give reference, where
worked and wages expected. Box 13S5, Call.
! GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enersry and push;
; good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
'. YOUNG man. 17, living at home, correct hab-
its. In wholesale business; permanent employ-
ment: give references. Box 13S3. Call office.
WANTED — First-class* coatmaker and pants-
3 maker to go to country: call 11 a. m. DET-
l MER WOOLEN CO.. 64a Market at.
. WANTED— Boy about 18 years old. to learn
draughting and blue printing. Apply designer,
.THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
. $150 — WOMAN wants elderly man for partner
In cigar store;* full value . of money. 257
Fourth St.. corner Folsom.
• WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
FIRST-CLASS stitcher, ladies' tailor suits. A.
• KAHN. 142 Geary st. .
WANTED— Driver for parcel delivery wagon;
; give experience and reference. Box 1386. Call.
'. WANTED— Errand boy. Apply HINK, JAE-
; NICKE & CO.. 29 Second st.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$18 per week; no risk. 78 Third st.. room 2.
BOY wanted about 17 years old. DECKEL-
• MAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED porter for saloon. Call at 10J7
Market St.. between 9 and 10 a. m.
STRONG boy for bakery; some experience. 1509
Polk st.
GENT to \u25a0 solicit ' for a popular publication.
Apply 519 Filbert st.
. CABINETMAKER wanted. 119 Main st.. S. F.
i 7 \u25a0/ ~ \u25a0
WHEELWRIGHT wanted. 1504 Folsom st.
WANTED— A young man for stock clerk. 1220
Market st.
1 WANTED— Bright boy about 15 years. DAN-
: _ZIGER. 237 Powell st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
i i WANTED— Boy to learn boat build In < trade!
I Apply 646 Second st.
: BEDMAKER at 639 Clay st.
. WANTED— Cook and dishwasher at 1508 Ken-
\ tucky st. :
. WANTED— Job press feeder; apply 8 a. m. P.
. A. & P. Co.. S36 Howard it.
1 WANTED— Watchmaker. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st. -
. WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
; - Folsom Et. \u25a0
1 STRONG youn< man about 18 years old at fac-
. tcry. Klrhteentfr and Hampshire sts.
I GOOD barber, steady or evenings. 193S Mis-
sion st. " * \u25a0. ...
J WANTED— Cook at 416 Third «t.
i EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 612 Kearny st.
c ~~ ~~- \u25a0 ~~ ; r
\u25a0 NIGHT cashier for 29 Stockton st.- .
r '\u25a0 — : \u25a0 —
. WAITER wanted at 17 and 19 Powell st.
WANTED— Bright boy. who resides with his
parenta to run passenger elevator In a whole-
g sale -house. Address box 1343. Call offlce and
-state age and references. \u25a0 -
i WANTED— For the country.- a cutter who Is
also a coot maker, and also a pants and vest
- maker. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
. COAT, vestr and pants makers wanted, apply
11 a. m., Stevenson st entrance. CHARLF^
: LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market «t.
'. WANTED— Young man. some exoerience In
• .painting and paperhangtns;: one that is wt'i
. Ing to work., S23!4 Jackson st
WANTED— A strong : errand boy who Vn™»i
; thefdty well.. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO *
. corner Geary; st. and Grant ave. .
1 FITTERS for architectural Iron* work Tron
. - stairs, etc.: also strong. Intelligent boV« i»
> to 20. to learn machinist tSde. MS feon
: TI^gr e(1 - American Can Company!
V B^E^-G^d_3 r chalr shop f or .ale. Box
- BARBER; shop for sale; good country town nr
j clty; lC ood reason, inquire 22^. M?nt°Z',," r
1 TAILORS-Flrst-class ladies' tailor wanted fjr
the country. .Apply to STEIN. SIMON & cq!
e WA NTED— Waiter for 2 hours >v?rv nl<»>,f ««j
all day. Sundays. HI Larkin 8 t. ° S *
BUSIXESS^ CHAKCES— Conttniied.
A. STENBERG CO....... 753 Market «t.
•Phone Black 6491.- •
Stores, city and country rear estate and all
kinds of business bought and sold. Lodging-
houses, restaurants and cigar . stores a spec-^
laity.
. FEW BARGAINS.
J35CO— Grocery; central; large trade; n. Mrkt.
$500— Grocery; good small stock; horse, wagon.
$iOO— Partner in grocery; fine stock; well lo-
cated; wants practical groceryman; half Int.
$2000— The best paying restaurant north Mar- I
ket; usual receipts J150 day; seats 100; sick-
n«es compels sale at once.
$3000— SECOND mortgage on valuable real 'es-
tate fot sale; one-third off; a snap. Box 1 1370,
Call offlce. \u25a0\u25a0•"\u25a0. \u25a0 -. •'
LIQUOR store; good family and bar trade; rea-
sonable; main street; fine location; -owner
going north. Box 2342. Call- offlce. Oakland.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down: good location. DONALD McRAE.
k37 Mission ex. '\u25a0
SMALL boarding-house and saloon for sale.
Apply 311 Broadway.*
IF you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
ness see Brown & Odell. rms 8 and 9. 41 3rd.
BUSINESS Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
WANTED— Partner; offlce business;- large re-
turns. Box 1366, Call offlce. \u25a0
"WANTED — Small re'staurant or lunch counter;
must be cheap for cash.- Box 1346, Call office.
LARGE paper route for sale; good Inducements
offered. Box 1263, Call offlce.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
"I East St., north of Market.
.kRBER shoD for sale; profits over $160
monthly; bargain. 8C3 Kearny st.
WANTED — Partner in horseshoeing business.
40« Jackson St.
SALOON for sale' on water front' Apply at
12 Jackson st.
FOR sale— Fruit store with horse and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOCS
Valencia £t. -
LODGI.\ti-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
H. C D^C^CElv5^3FFfc^r^0^"aiarkeTst! i
48 rooms; clear-- $200... ..,:.. .........$3200
8 rooms; on Howard .* SOO
50 rooms; new; payments 9000
110-room hotel; clears $600 '..... ..10.000
ZZ rooms; transient; clears J250 2CO0
8 rooms; on Mission 275
St rooms; tine corner ;...... 323
24 rooms; the best 3000 ]
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms: boarding 4300
17 rooms; fine corner , 1350
liO rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 223
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard S30
10-room house; tine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6CO0
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750 |
5 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st.; clears $150 IbOO
10. room?; on Mason Et. : new 750
32 rooms; oinces; clears J25U 3500
£1 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1230
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
• FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 736.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
800 Market st Tel. Davis 281
15 rooms; fine Jocation; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full: Vveiy thing good; snap. .....160)
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap ."....2500
41 rooms; fail; choice; bargain. 4500
17 rooms; north of Market; snap ...lil>> !
12 rooms; boarding; best location 1300
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st S54
11 rooms; corner; on Jones ....1200
30 rooms; everything good? bargain 3253
10 rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 600
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears J35 '. .... 300
16 rooms; a fine corner 140J
44 roams; choice location? pays well 31)00
18 rooms; clo&e in; good business 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY I OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
13 rooms; fine furniture $1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears SCO; payments... 400
SS rooms; grand corner; clears $600 ,. 5950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish .'. 7C0t
6 rooms; coiner flat: payments 360 !
9 rooms; JU'5 cash, bal. payments V.*
40 rooms; always rented: sacrifice 1250
10 rooms: O'Farrell: $150 cash, bal. pymts 750
, CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 liOO i
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000 I
20 roorr.s; good location; moneymaker.... 750 i
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN S31 j
A. H. RETt-LOFF. £06 Market Et.. corner
Ellis, room 12. .
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Et., rms. 1, 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
He draws up the le^al papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen— Business is booming.
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses:
23 rooms; rent $30; corner: workIngnv»n..$30D
14 rooms; Pest St.: rent $53: clears $63.... SOO i
7 rooms; Leavtuworth St.; 2 floors; new. 500 j
11 rooms; near Sutter; Axmlnster carpets. 75*> i
16 r ; apartments: newly painted; rent $50. 850 j
80 rooms; rent $200; moneymaker 3600 ;
40 rooms: central: clears $150 month 2C00 j
15 rooms; sunny corner; 2 floors; rent $70.. S50 ;
63 rooms: rent JIM; fine location 4900
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 ar.d 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
to r , rent H2j. boarders, elegant fur $8000
\u25a044 r., rent $120, inc. $300, apart, house SOOO
75 r., fent $175, full, good Inc 5500
24 r.. rent SSC, clear $75, trans., 3d st 1150
14 r. rent $60, sood turn., inc $105 1000
10 r. rent $43, clears $40. good fur., carp-- 600
8 r. rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg 425
6 r., rent $35, fine little flat. 275
Flat?, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only $1000
19 rooms; rent $53: lease; part cash 1600
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
35 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $S7; money-maker 2209
I .24 rooms; rent $63; part cash 1000
] 27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 180<J
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 5nW
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market 3S00
120 rooms: r^nt $110: profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Maiket St.
HEALY & HENDERSON. \u25a0
6 Eddy st., IS and 19; Phone James 2771
9 rooms: rent $23 $355
18 rooms; downtown: rent $53 1 200
23 rooms: close in: see this; rent $65 . 1,0 JD \
11 rooms; Turk St.; rent $4"). GM
J 1C0 rooms; electrir: lights 15,000
7-room fiat; 'McAHirter ft 250
S-room flat: new; rent $45... \u25a0 75)
-10 rooms; G. G. ; new ,650
! 28 rooms; downtown: elegant 2.530
BUYERS— Before buyins a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1311. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
He can ruit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS — To effect a quick and. satisfactory
tale of your house fend fnr or call on
- ' G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint mi. 317 Market st.. opp. Mason.
J900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to. suit purchaser. McBRIDE &
CO.. S93 Maiket st. _j .
FOR Sale — At n gropt sacrifice a 100-rcomed
- house paying Ji.V) per month; rent ?65; price
81300. 993 Market st. McBRIDE & CO.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
I hDtelf and business chances can be found at
the ofSce of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
;ihonc Folsom 1532.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all siz«-s
and prices in all parts of the city: pet our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted: 30 looms: no ob~-
Jectlon to transient: no agents. Box 1384, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spii-rUjal~mediura
and life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1033 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell Et.; Ellis car..
C. V.i Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fn.. Su.. S p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
BROCK'WJiY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m.; 25c; readings daily.
2S9 Hyde. cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
Miss M.Wille.326A Ellis st.. greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
. given; sittings, 60c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
MRS. GILLINGrfAM. test meeting,, 8 p. mT
10c. 305 Larkin: hours 1-5; phone Howard 745.
Mme. Younc's demonstration ~ of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
ARNOLD and Diekson's materializing seance
to-night; ell can see spirits. 201 Turk st.
M 5 S - LESTER. "Circle" 8 p." m.MPc; reading*
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tei. Howard 1123.
HARMACHEIS. occult medium; circles ~Sun7
Tues..Wed..Frl.eves.;rdgs.dally. 332 O'Farrell.
PROF. Gee. 108 6th— Readings 50c and.Jl: cir
every night ex. Sun.. 10c; tel. Howard , 1123.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs; C J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-nlfiht, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, ' wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
\u25a0 gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 . Turk.\
MME. HANSEN. • card reader and palmist, tells
paet. prewnt and future. 25c. 14$ Sixth, r. 14.
KMPLOYBIEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
TRUSTWORTHY position as working h,ouse-
keeper by an experienced and refined. woman
. (English) ; highest ; references. . Please call
, after 6 p. m. or write particulars, 230 Brod-
• erick st. < r ;-; ; ' \u25a0 ; •"; .-•: \u25a0 '\u25a0•.' ' ..-
RESPECTABLE German. lady would like a po-
sition as - working • housekeeper in - a small
i family; references. Call or address at 2805
Harrison St., near Twenty-fourth.:-.
PROTESTANT woman wishes housekeeper's
: position in Protestant family; neat and re-
v liable; steady place wanted; references. Ad-
. dress box 1330. Call offlce. -: \u25a0'-.:\u25a0 - ' '---'\u25a0 -'\u25a0''
YOUNG married woman with a child would
like to do light housework; wages *6 or $3
j a month. Call Thursday afternoon' 868 . Fifth
_st., corner Mission. . - -
GERMAN , woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral work by day or week. Apply at 162 Jes-
sle Et.. coiner 0? Annie. .
MIDDLE-AGED . woman -wishes < light house-
work or taking care of an old lady. : Apply 2
. Hampton court, off HarriBOn st., bet. 2d & 3d.
INFANT'S nurse • wishes situation; can .take
full charce; city or country; wages $25. 929
\u25a0 Pine st. i \u25a0 . - '- \u25a0- \u25a0 :\u25a0.'•\u25a0 .. .• ' •
RELIABLE woman with a child attending
school wishes any kind of employment during
school hours. Address R., 443 Golden Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day as first-class laundress or housecleanlng;
, good references. D. F.. 1115 Treat ave.
WANTED— A situation as cashier or to assist
, at counter of restaurant or bakery. Address
, box 1381.' Call offlce. • \
WANTED-By a middle-aged woman a situa-
tion to do light housework and sewing.' Box
1387, Call offlce.
RELIABLE young girl desires general house-
work and cooking In American family; wages
$25. Call at 412 Linden ave. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
WOMAN wants position to do housework; good
cook; wages $23. 204 Van Ness ave.
WANTED-By a Kood American girl, house-
work by the day; is thoroughly honest and
( trustworthy; Jl tO^per . day. Call or address
1061 Howard st.. room 2. *i
ELDERLY American woman wishes position;
general housework: good plain cook; moder-
ate wages. 1239 Market st./ near Ninth.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do- gen-
eral housework; is a good cook; city or coun-
try. Address 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
MIDDLE-AGED lady as chambermaid and
seamstress and care of children. Address 118
-. Wlldey ave. . \u25a0
GIRL would like a situation doing upstairs
work. Call or address 407& Harrison st.
WANTED— Work by chambermaid and, stay
home nlEhts. Add. Mrs. S. T., box 1336. Call.
A LADY would like a position as housekeeper.
! 141 Fifth Bt. . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 . '
EXPERIENCED nurse would like nositlon In
sanitarium doctor's office or would care for
Invalid lady; references. Address CM.. 1926
Market st. -
A RESPECTABLE woman would like work by
the day washing or cleaning; terms moder-
ate. Call at 337 Jessie St.. bet. 4th and 6th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2-ic to Jl 50 per night; Jl 50 to
16. week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. \u25a0
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cull branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH olfice for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established' at 109J
Valencia rt. \ ___\u25a0 ''
CHEAPEST and best, in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
A GARDENER wishes position, having long
• years of experience and thoroughly competent
in all branches of horticulture for Inside and
outside work; versed in all work pertaining to
extensive grounds; best ot recommendations.
Address box 1725, Call office.
PRACTICAL miner and mill man of 15 years'
experience in general mining and milling de-
sires position to take charge of mine or mill;
good references; moderate wages. Address
Miner, box 1407, Call office..
UNDERSTAND incubators. tend chickens,
drive horses, care of carriages; give refer-
ence; willing to do any other work; wagtf
$20 per month. Box 1402, Call.
A WELL-EDUCATED young man of 26, pur-
suing a professional course at nights, wishes
honorable work of any character with some
firm. Box 1375, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man, well educated, desires
position as porter in some wholesale commis-
sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER, 2269
Geary st. .
EXPERIENCED metal prospector wishes em-
ployment, either- at salary or an Interest In
discoveries; reference as to sobriety and hon-
- csty. Box 13S8, Call offlce. .
WANTED— Position as coachman; an experi-
enced man, young, with good references. Ad-
dress box 1368, Call offlce.
NIGHT work- by reliable, competent young
man; offlce work preferred; Al references.
' Kox 1403. Call office. -
WANTED — By a nurse, a position in a hospi-
lal or on a private case; well recommended.
i:ox 14C5, Call office.
POSITION as teamster in wholesale or deliv-
ery: Al references as to character and ability.
Address box 1401, Call offlce.
MAN and wife, German, without children, de-
' sire to take charge of a country place. Ad-
dress P, O. box 162, Santa Cruz. > « '
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position; ac-
quainted with city and country trade; salary
or commission. Box 1372, Call office.
POSITION in wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness as Ealesman; experienced either in city-
or on the road. Box 1373, Call offlce. ; .
SITUATION wanted by'a good kitchen hand;
can do short x>rder8; also, restaurant porter.
Box 1331. Call olflce. f \u25a0' \u25a0
AN American, 30 years of age, who neither
drinks nor gambles, would like a single cr
double team- to drive, or any kind of respec-
table employment until first of April; well
acquainted with city; salary no object. Box 1
1351, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man,- gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business' thor-
oughly; references. Box 4502, Call olflce.
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience In liquor work wants
\u25a0position in any capacity in liquor or. wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
• ences. Box 1113, Call office.
WANTED— Situation in private reHidence by
Japanese ' man and wife: I just came from
Japan; cannot speak English; but very faith-
ful and good Eervants; wages small. Address
£60Vi Brannan St. - • \- •
WANTED— Situation as Janitor or porter; se-
curity if necessary; Al references; 4 years at
once place. Address R. N. MICHEAL, 451Vi
Jessie st. . .-
: ENGINEER well up In the Ice machine busi-
I ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
j experience, wants position; Al references.
Address box 1238. Call office. ;
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants a posl-
I tion; understands liquor business well; city
, or country; has the best ' references. Address
box 13CD, Call offlce.
YOUNG gentleman wishes position with whole-
sale house as traveling salesman; can furnish
good references: paints and oils business pre-
ferred. Box 1292, i Call. -. \u25a0 . ...
ANY kind of occupation, from 12:30 to 4:30
dally, wanted by reliable man,' aged 40, \u25a0 ex-
perienced with offlce. and", store work. Box'
12?6. Call office. , -' - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 .
YOUNG Englishman, 24, very willing, respect-
able, and of good habits, wishes employment
of any "description. Address J. E. H., box
1333. Call office. ' \u25a0' :\u25a0'-'•. .-„ - .'
EDUCATED Dutchman, speaking ! Spanish,
German and English, wants position; city or
country; 5% . years'. . references. -. L. . VAN
GELDER.,443 Eddy st.' •
MAN. with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
\u25a0 on a ranch; also for his wife at same place.
Address A. E. CRAIG. Montlcello. Cal.
WANTED— By an experienced j baker, J a place
as foreman in the country. Address Baker,
- box 1323. Call offlce. . -,\u25a0'\u25a0 , " ' ; ::
JAPANESE," honest boy, wants .situation In
private family; j small wages. , Apply MAYA,
923 Sacramento st. . '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0'.-
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
\u25a0In private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA, -923 Sacramento st.
WANTED— By a young man attending school,'
a place to work for his board. Box 1291,' Call.
WANTED by a young man — A place to work
and attend school. E. C. B.', box 1267. Call. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and' subscriptions
-; received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore si.
A, BRANCH offlce for Call 'advertisements and
.^-subscriptions, has-been established at • 1091
Valencia Ft. \u25a0' -. " - . '
COMPANIES promoted ; and \u25a0 financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good -mining
\. and industrial . propositions wanted; .-: gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
_ AND INVESTMENT- CO., 326 Post et.
PACIFIC Coast~Underwrltfng f Co." (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices -In: operation; new: method- of
'. placing stocks > and bonds; companies . incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 . Parrott bldg.
JFK AMISS AXP PICTURES.
CLVDK U KELL,ER~~128-1SO Hayes." nr. V.Nmi
;•- -Best? work and lowest prices west Chicago. '
;.$25
. HELP WANTED — MALE— Con,
EXPERIENCED boilennakers wanted by tb.9
RISDON IRON WORKS of San Francisco:
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
steam hammer, ship and machine forcings;
S3 50 a day and steady employment. Apply
at office of company, Beale and Howard sts.,
San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. CaL ; apply on
work: steady work, good board and beat
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery- St., room 23, San Fran-
claco, Cal. \u25a0 .
WANTED— Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on Western Addition route;
must have 'sufficient experience and refer-
ences; good wages; state former employmeut.
Box 1341. Call offlce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BAR3ER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Sober, reliable youns man with
some cash; $60 month; no experience neces>-
sary; close Sundays. 1221 Market t.. r. 1.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED-Good general blacksmith. Apply
to J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— A blacksmith's helper on carriages
and wagons. 1507 California st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; good wages for
sober, steady man; come early. 2140 Fillmort.
BOY for stable work and milk wagon. 433
Connecticut at.; Elghth-st. cars.
WANTED— Iron molders and machinists, at
605 Mission st >_ ~"
ELDERLY man who understands nursery
•work aad florist business. Call 500 Halght.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
. mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the word. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A, Bullis. r. 40. Fhelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 23c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from frry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ___________
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AXP WAGOXS.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market »t.
ONE 1-horse- truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one rurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth «t.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sals
Wednesday. October 23, at 11 a. m.. at th<»
Arcade Horse Market. 327 SlxtJi st. JOHN
' J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
. hands; sound, gentle. E. 9.. 7:' Howard st.
A BARGAIN In Rcod carriage, saddle, bus'nesa
and road acrtey. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. »ve.
3 DOUBLE team* for sale. Apply D. RING.
1942 Union st.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, t
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SOX. 2117 Mission *t.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. <3. F. Vet.
Col.. Sin (1 O. av».. Dr. E. J. Craelv. dean.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$18 -S-ROOMS; near Powell and Washington,
or -will sell: $300 cash, balance 125 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
J HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
CLAY,' 3710 — Furnished house of 3 rooms and
bath; billiard table and Stetnway grand
piano; marine view; rent $70 per month.
LOST AND FOU^dT
MISGIVEN. Tuesday. October 22. at Zoonlmlr
social. Pythian Castle, a feather boa. Please
return to 8C6 Mission st.
LOST— Female St. Bernard. Oct. 22. $10 rewar 1
will be paid for her return to 433 Seventh st.
LOST— Brown and white dog, vicinity Third and
Market sts. ; liberal reward. 3360 Twenty-third.
LOST — A large fountain pen. gold mounted. Re-
turn to 123 Front st. ; reward.
LOST— Blue silk garter, with gold clasp, set
with one diamond; suitable reward on return
to FORTESCUE. 300 Front st.
LOST — Grocery book with name of H. Clyne on
inside page. Return 413 Tenth ave.
LOST— On Friday, October 13, 1901. a turquoise,
surrounded by diamonds. In the form of &
brooch. Suitable reward at 2125 Jackson st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carnet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421.
Upholstery and mattress work done In houses
by the day or job. P. JOLY. 257 Stevenson st.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases havs
been relieved by my medical treatment: frea
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of^female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, B-r-
lin; 25 years' experience In midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement;
best care, attention: confinement $15; board H
week: infants adopted. 3827 ISth St.; Mission-
st. cars; consultation free; phone Capp 2S03.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints; in-
etant relief guaranteed; 30 years" experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: homo
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable la-
dles specialist; a prir. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care: low fees.
THE original MRS. DAVIES^ Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlc*
houra 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and < to 8:30 p. m.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opp.
union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
M1SCELLAXEOCS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery! Mc~
IfrTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193- 1S7 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand ; we always have a large stuck oi
'saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
. In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1013. 1021. 10:5
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
RETIRING from business— We are selling out
our' stock of pictures, frames and moldings
at a reduction of half off: must close out
everythlns by Nov. 15. JONES & CO.. 704
Larkin st., near Ellis^
LOT machine shop tools. lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc.: also wood-workins tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE, 2»
; Fremont st. . .':\u25a0\u25a0»
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
FOR Sale— Two thoroughbred Irish Setters
(males). S months old. Address P. O. box 101.
Novato. CaL
HAND tenoning machine and hand shapwr
suitable for caroenter shop; also No. t
Hooker steam pump. 843 Howard st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pfne-
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine- eork-
plete. perfect. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission ft.
FOR sale — 2 National- cash registers,. Inquirs
Old Louvre, Phelan building.
SAX FRAJVCISCO CALL. :
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock even* night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 5!7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. _
SOO Hayes rtreet; oi>eD until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; cuen until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin etreet: open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet; open «:ntll 10 p. m.-
2261 Market etreet. corner sixteenth; open
until S p. m,
191 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia et; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreetE ; open until 9 p. m.
£200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena .
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. . tht 1
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will . be g\
he'd in Commandery Hall. Masonic /cj\
Temple on THURSDAY EVENING, V&.V
October 24, 1301. at 8 o'clock. Degree 14th.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7?. R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JW
EVENING. Past Master and M. E. y&ja
Master degrees. By order of the H. r^y
p. JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ' •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#%,
EVENING, October 24. at 7:30 o'clock. Tt/f
First degree. By order ot the Master. '\u25bc'
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. •
— Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -^\_
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third degree. TC2C
Master Masons cordially invited. By/^T\
orficr of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS m^k lk
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 Ttlf
o'clock for . third degree. Master \u2666 V
Masons cordially invited. By order of the
Uacter. E. C HARE. Secretary.
DOKIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting 'THIS (THURSDAY) _#\_
EVENING at 7:3) o'clock. Sscond de- jLjZ
grce. Sojourning brethren are Invited. ' ~
By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. -aQgittK^.
O. F.— Officers and members are £j*p i55Sr
cordially Invited to attend an en-
tertalnicent and social to be given '\u25a0//!»"
in Memorial Hall THURSDAY EVENING.
Oct. 14. 1901. \u25a0 \u25a0 .
T. C. MARTIN. Noble Grand.
J. J. DE HAVEN, Recording Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club A «Tv
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- ?), SffJ
ING. Fraternity Hall. 22 O'Farrell iXXSic
et.. at 8 o'clock. '•Smoker" fol-
lows. Finance Committee meets at 7:45 p. m.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED^Our great cet of Christ^
mas books row ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers tver known. Agents selling from
12 to 25 books r>*r day. Also life of William
McKlnley and Complete Story of His .Assas-
sination, Including Lives of Lincoln and Gar-
field and Stories of their Assassination. About
500 extra large rases. Biggest, best book. Su-
perbly Illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome
. and valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents.
One book free with each ten ordered. Freight
paid. Credit given. No experience necessary.
Outfit free. Fell the best book. Make the
most money. We pive the most liberal treat-
ment. All orders shipped day they are re-
ceived. We own the largest binderies and
are the only publishers shipping books
promptly. HENRY NEIL, 323 Dearborn st.,
Chicago. III.
AGENTS to establish route nrr.or.K business
houses: $15 week; pxpenres allowed while es-
tablishing route. 516 Commercial Et.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier ti yell than books or Insur-
nnce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ADOPTIOS.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy ln-
f»rt«. Dr. Kmii'f! Funke.141fi fith rtl. Alameda.
ASPHALTl.M ROOFIXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
nalred: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist: complete life
reading. ECc: by mail. HOc. 1163 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney, 314
Montgomery st. — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating: bankruptcy: collections; cults;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money loaned: insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 41SH Post.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnership: 1 : deeds; wills drawn ;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, 1005*4 Mkt.. r. 4, opp. 5th-
ADVICE fr^e— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet: no charpe without* success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. J50 Market st.
ADVICE free; moderate fee- if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. T27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma gprecktls bldg.. S27 Mar-
kfct Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
UICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange. !
GOOD second -hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
eer.d for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
309 Larkin tt.
[IOAIIUI.\G FOIt CHILDREN.
LADY with email child would furnish good
home and care for little boy or girl at reason-
able compensation. Address box 1320, Call.
GOOD home for small child, with motherly
care; o'eject. company. Call or address 831
Et., Oakland.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
HOOKS XEW AAO OLD.
BOCKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2556.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
- PCttllAU iTaUSKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
pnees. Factory and salesroom. S26 Howard.
uvhixas&a chaaciss.
A— *2<W— CIGAR store; wholesale districrTspienl
did cbance lor lady or gentleman. R. G.
\\ lLKE. 26V4 Kearny et. .
JJOO— CORNER snocery and bar: H\-ins rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; tee and
n.ake an offer. K. G. WiLKE, 26'^ Kearny.
A— J'.COO— CORNER grocery and bar. doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
425; £ickne5s of wile only cause of eale. riee
H. O. WILKE. 2S& Kearny st.
"A-I12C0-BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a tirst-class paying business.
Call K. «. WILKE. 26H' Kearny et.
A— $15(0— BAKERY In Western Addition; estab-
lifched £*> years; rent J4a; 2 norses, 1 wagon;
more «>tore trade; baking t barrels, per day
Particulars M. li. WILKE. 2*»* Kearny st,
A— J40y— CORNER taloon on Mason St.; rent
$25; cood business; must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call !
R. U. WILKE. 25', Kearny st.
A-tlt-00-COFFEE ("loon and lunch room m
wholesale district; tut rent; daily receipts
lrcrn $25 to f40; !:e:i> expenses only $3 per day
Oil KG. WILKE. 2S% Kearny st. .
A— J25C— DELICACY and pork store with 3
living rooms; rent Ji4; business established ]
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call !
U. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. !
A- $1000- LIQUOR store on Market st.; estab- !
lii-hcd many years: doing a good paying bu*i- I
ness; investigate and you will find a hpleniiid j
Lufclness offer. It. G.- WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— tro— COFFEE Faloon and restaurant on
I-ourth Ft., near Market; rent *30; place does I
a good payine: business. Call R. G. WILKE I
26% Kearny ct.
ff.-00-MONEY-MAKINO oil route; 1500 retail
customers and wholesalers; horses wacons
_an*L ta^ks : _JD]E?CK_&jCO. ; _m_Market. r. 20S.
FOR SALE— A goo-1 saloon on Market st • on
acco-unt of death will be sold at a bargain'- no
agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE, 615 Mar-
ItOOMING and boarding-houses, hotels flats
stores and business places of every description
sold end exchanged. McBRIDE & CO. 993
&i&rket ct.; phone Folsom 450.
FOR *ale — Oni> of the b*»t transient corner sa»
locne in city; established 20 years; with 44
newly fum:ehed rooms: will pell together or
separate; price SCQCC. Box 1408. Call offlce.
HAIR dressing parlors; well located: parties
leaving. PALSBT;RY. 459 Ninth eU, Oakland.
A SMALL corner ealoon for sale: paying busi-
ness: low rent. Inquire at 143 Fifth st.
FOR SALE — The Call agency In Santa Cruz-
price J1200. .
1230-RESTAURANT: cost 810C0; rent $30; sound
value. D. McRae 'Furniture Co.. S37 Mission.
t40 — RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
wrcure it. Apply, furniture store, E37 Mission.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der; enap. .MITCHELL & CO.. 120C Market.
A— BUSY dp-ar stand, netting $3 daily, sacrl-
Cccd account death. Hedges. 410 Parrott bldg.
: _'_V_^-_-.v^AT^:_TO>LET. /\u25a0-<\u25a0•\u25a0-
MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
: : flr3t-class order. 105 South Park. .
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath;
yard; .basement; cheap to good tenant.
$15— SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. 2211 Geary
St., corner Devlsadero. ,
FIFTEENTH, 1898. corner Dolores-Sunny bay-
- window, flat, .7 rooms and bath. ' -
3 ROOMS; also range for sale. 20 Harrison
\u25a0, ave.. off Folsom st.. bet. 7th and 8th ; $10.
J8— FLAT of 3 rooms and yard on Linden ave.;
'.-; water and ashman free. Key at 524 Fell st. \.
Ml 50— MODERN bay-wlridow" flat. 7 rooms and
bath. \u25a0 15B Henry st.. near Market and lath.
; FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Contents of newly, furnished house;
- party'going East. Call 1205 Chestnut st.. Ala-
meda; no dealers. ' \u25a0- .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, S4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132 Ellis.
FOR sale— Furniture of 5 rooms.' Call from 12
to 5, 353 Fourth st.; no dealers. -
. * FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction" Co., 759 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ;. phone Black 5491.
WILSON -buys .all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.- .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays hljrhest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
.TEL.- Jessie 761' before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
: CLOVES,;
WE are selling through our coupon system 4
pairs of ladies' cloves or 3 pairs of gents'
gloves, each ret valued at $5, for 25c; in order
to Introduce,, the system all over the- U. S.
, we .offer to send free of charge one of our
coupon books, value $1 23. to the first reply
from this ad In every city and town In tho
IJ. 'S.t ALEXANDER & CO.. Glove Manu-
facturers, 40 Beach St.. Boston, Mass.
D. & F, new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
~ IIULP WAXTKD FEMALE.
A— MRS. M.E. DAY & CO..... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento. $25; 2 waitresses, same
place near city, $20; 12 waitresses, first-class
city and country hotels. $20 and $25; -2 res-
taurant waitresses. $7; 2 lunch waitresses,
60c; cook, light work. $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, country, |30; second girls, $20 and
$25; houscgirl, 2 in family, country. $20;
housegtrl; $20; houseglrl. country, $25, 'see
party here, fare paid. Female help of all
nationalities, city and country; reliable posi-
tions; best wages
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... 335 Geary st.
AN experienced chocolate dipper for retail
candy factory; steady place; good wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary at.
AN English lady's maid for family living In
city hotel, $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
MAN and wife as cook and helper, private
boarding-house $45
Cook for men, country ;.$25 !
Cook, 4 In family, no washing .$35
3 cooks, American families $25. $30
Housework for Napa, 4 In family..' $23
20 girls for housework, small families.. $20, $2i
3 laundresses, city and country 925. $30
4 waitresses, family hotel ...$20
4 second girls ....$20
Cook and second girl, same house, Alameda*
$20. $25
2 children's nurses .' $15
I Housework, 3 In family. Oakland $30
30 girls for all kinds of housework, city and
country: call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. . - \u25a0 - . -
A— 2 EXPERIENCED girls for labeling and
painting cans. $7 50 week." Apply to MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at. '___
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 waitresses, same country hotel, $25, free
j fare. . •
j WANTED— Girls for laboratory work; age 16
to 22 years; must furnish good references. Call
bet. 10 and it a. m.. Thursday. October 24. at
j offlce of CLINTON E. WORDEN & CO., 214
Townsend st.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manlcur-
lng & facial massare Included; course {5: po-
I sitlona positively guaranteed: 4 good position j
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st., room 15.
: YOUNG couple wants woman 'or girl for light
1 work in exchange for a good home. Apply
| at 10 Eureka tt.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty, i F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Good, reliable girl for housework;
wages $15: German or Swedish preferred;
I : reference required. 1303 Leavenworth st.
! COAT finishers wanted at once. HENRY
. HILP, 102-104-106 Battery st .
AN elderly German woman for general house-
i work; no washing. 1253 Folsom st.
CHOCOLATE and cream dipper: retail. Call
I evenings at The Sugarie, 993 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on skirt*. A. KAHN.
! 142 Geary st. ' .
WANTED— Glrl»,to work in paper box factory.
Apply at 434 Jackson st.
WANTED— A flr'st-class dinner waitress- at 304
Mason st. ; wages $3 10 a week.
WAIST and eklrt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st., room 49.
WANTED— Youne girl for general housework;
2 in family. ,1110 Filbert St., lower flat. )
GIRL for candy store; must be experienced;
none others need apply. 512 Hayes st. .
GIRL' for general housework; small family;
reference. 1128 Ellis st. .
DRESSMAKER help, also apprentice wanted.
1207V4 Bush St. ; > . .
GIRL for light housework and take care of lit-
tle child; good home. 1632 McAllister st. j
WANTED— Girl to assist In care of two chil-
dren; liberal wages. 1518 Fifteenth st.
GIRL, general housework; wages $20 to $25. 2S11
Buchanan st. ''
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
" CO.'S overall factory, 32>£ Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
wrappers and waists; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st. ;
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine;, also operator on women's waists i
and wrappers. MARKS BROS., 1212-1214
Market st. '. - \ -
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
. ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction: paid while learn-
. ing. • Standard Shirt. Factory; corner Gough
' and Grove, sts.
WANTED— Infant's nurse; middle-aged wom-
an of experience; must have unexceptional
references. \u25a0 Apply Hotel St. Nicholas office,
9 to 12 a. m. ' •
YOUNG arirl : for light housework. Apply i0
Pratt dace. - between' Stockton and Powell.
off California. ' '-. . l .
WOMAN over 30 to act as traveling. manager;
excellent opportunity to . right party. - Box
' 1344, Call.' \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0- ..\u25a0-': ;\u25a0\u25a0'.-,'
WANTED— A competent girl to* assist in
housework and cooking. . Apply at Bee Hive
Shoe Co;, 717 Market st.
WANTED— A girl to assist with light house-
: work find care of two children. Call 2124
. .Buchanan st. ' . V
WANTED— By mercantile house, first-class
'.stenographer and typewriter; must be quick
and accurate; state experience. Box 1295, Call.
GIRL to "assist "in housework. \u25a0 791 McAllister
St., near Octavla. • * - ..
YOUNG girl to. assist in light housework. In-
\u2666 ; quire 1 Broderick st.'. , corner Waller. ,
GIRL ' not under . IS for light housework. 108
;•' Collingwood St.; near Eighteenth.
AMATI.UR slnecrs wanted. \u25a0 'Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. . - . . .
WANTED— Experienced tobacco strippers. Ap-
: ply .10 to 12 a. m.V Jacob . Brandt. 413 Battery.
WILLING person; good steady home; $10 mo.:
I short dis.: country; gen.- hsewk. Box 1333. Call.
WANTED — Girl to wait .in a small restaurant;
«? experience not necessary. . 1727 Market »t: ,
ELDERLY German lady to help with house-
work; Rood home. > 1317 Caroline st., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS waitress - for . private boarding-
house; reference, required. .1414 California st.>
WANTED— A , flrst-clasa saleslady; : references.
..Call bet. 7 and 9 p. -m.. 206 Hickory ave. 1 ;
EXPERIENCED hands on corsets. MME.
. WALTER/ 5C8 Powell : «t. - . . .
FINISHERS on v coats; also girl to learn; call
rafter 9 a.m. , 254 Geary st.i , \\, :;\ . ;
GOOD' finishers, on '- ladles' tailor coats. A.
.-:.. CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny »t. . -<
WANTED— Immediately, a wetnurse. 9C6 Guer-
\u25a0 :rero st. \u25a0 . "_••:\u25a0 ~ .-y . :. ":,-.. ~ . , . :
WANTED— Girl to ' do light . housework and
\u25a0 : mind, child. ., Apply: 2237 Polk st. ,-.;.•\u25a0•; v- '•
PANTS ' finishers wanted ; by S. ; N. ' WOOD &
;-; CO. -. Apply at . factory," ' 27 • Geary \u25a0 st.: George and Alice M .Edwards (owners), • with
WllllanvW. Rednall (contractor and architect)
—All work for a 2-story and basement • frame
building (flats) on E line of Minnesota street.
116:S N of Twenty-second, X 25 by E 104; total,
i32aa • _ < .-
David and Sellna E. Lewis to Alphonzo and
Emm^Harrinjrton. lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue. 250 S*f H street. S 23 by W, 120; $10.
Josephine Cockrlll (widow) to Anna D. Joost,
lot 6, block 513, Bay View Homestead Associa
tion; $10. - '\u25a0•'-" • -. -\u25a0
James P. and Lizzie McDermott to T.Comls
ky lot on S line of Plymouth avenue, 358:1 E
of 'Holly street. E 23 by S 100, lot 18, block 3,
Holly Park: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John Skillicorn, lot
on W line of eleventh avenue.- 275 N of Point
Lobos avenue. N 23 by W 120; $10. .
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to John Wal
ton, lot on NE corner Seventh avenue and A
street. N 100 by E 32:6: $750.
Mary E. Dewing (widow) to Josephine B. Dil
lon, lot commencing 82:6 W-of B street and
Twenty-second. avenue, W 23 by S 10O: $10.
> WUlard V.and Marie L. Huntington to Fred
erick Madge, lot 'on W line of Eighth avenue,
225 N of D street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Adelaide F. McDonnell to Solomon Getz. " lot
on- W line of Sixteenth avenue,- 200 N of I
street. N 23 by W 120; MO.
George. F. and Helen E. Shelton to Mayo A.
Greenlaw, lot on S line of Frederick street,
28:1% E of Clayton, E 25 by S 106; $10.
- A. E. and Emma C Baldwin to Wllhelmlna
Duve, lot 23. block 1, subdivision 1, Castro
street Addition: $10.
Potronelle Oetzmann (widow) to Thomas
Rychold. lot on SW corner of O'Farrell and
Beldeman streets, S 45 by W 60; $10.
A. M. De Hart (by John S. Ellis, Sheriff) to
Thomas Knight, lot on S line of California
street, 68:9 E from Montgomery. E 68:9 by 3
137:6, E % 50-vara lot 273; $50.
Amos S. Allen (by Charles Doane, Sheriff) to
Thomas Knight, lot In rear of 227, 229 and 23X
California street, being the inner part of 30
vara lot 273. betweeen California, Pine. Leides
dorff and Montgomery streets, on which Is a
brick building- or stable, being 65 In width by
110 deep, known as E H 50 vara lot 273, front
ing on California by 137:6; $300.
William T. and Flora E. Albertson to
Charles A. and Miss M. Stewart, lot on W line
of Powell street. 23:l*i S from O'Farrell. S 4«
by W 137 :«: $10.
Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to Andrew
R, Peterson, lot on S line of Elizabeth street.
180 B - from Hoffman avenue (Ellen), K 2S by
S 114: $10. -
- Joseph R. and Sarah E. Mogan to Mary K.
Mogran, lot on SW corner of Sharon and Fif
teenth streets,- W 25 b^ S 100: also lot on SV?
Una of Fifteenth street, ICO W from Sharon.
W.25 by S 100; sift. - r .
Sarah D. Johnson (wife of George) to Bertha
M. Johnson. .lot on E line of Dolores street, 61
S from Twenty-third. S 61 by B 117:6; gift.
Julius Jacobs to Hoznmo Botjes, lots S to 7.
block 24, Sunny Vale Homestead Association;
?350.
Rlenzl Huehes to 'William E. Oilman, lots
37 to 45, block 26, Lake view: $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Jo
hanna Franke, lot In Odd Fellows' Cemetery;
1110.
Felix and Mary D. McMahon to Louts. Tungr,
all . Interest In lot on X line of Farallonea
street. 300 E of Plymouth. E 25 by N 125. being
lot 8, block N. Railroad Homestead Associa
tion: |1.
Timothy Kelly to Mary E. Williams. Kate O.
Meyers, William J. Kelly and Sarah J. Par
quer, lot on N line of Fulton street. 27:6 "W
from Octavla, "W 27:« by N 120: gift.
Charles A. and Jessie M. Elliot to William
Stapelfeldt, lot on N line of Waller street. 33:8
E from FUlmore, E 1 by N 87:8; »10. , -
Christopher C and Mary Cox to Minnie A.
Taylor (widow),* lot on S line of Clay street,
82:6 E from Broderlck. E 27:8 by S 100; S10.
- . Fannie Keller (wife of Richard) to sams,
same, quitclaim deed; $10. .
John F. and Carolina O. Sarber to James SI
Kelson, lot on N line of Page street, 34:3 W
from Cole. W 25 by N 100; $4000.
John and Ellen Carroll to Catherine .Lovett
(widow), lot on SW line of Dore street, 1S1 NW
from Bryant. NW 24 by SW 85; $10.
George T. Lyon to Edward B. Robinson, lot
on N line of K street. 100 W of Ninth avenue,
W 25 by N 100; 110.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to A. 7. and if.
M. Dlssmeyer. lot 1, block 5, subdivision 1,
Castro-street Addition; $10. ,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Archibald Claverlng Gunter, the well
known author, arrived yesterday from
New York and registered at the Grand.
He came here to look after his realty
holdings.
Gunter says that his latest book, "The
Deacon's Second Wind," is a story of a
country girl who goes to New York, be
comes rich, but is afraid to tell her par
ents. She eventually returns to her horn*
on the farm and after working around
the place finally tells her parents of her
wealth. -
Gunter is the owner of the Home Pub
lishing Company of New York and says
that the business takes up so much of his
time he is unable to devote much atten
tion to his literary work.
Gunter was born in Liverpool, but came
to California with his parents when four
years old. He grew up In this city, but
went to New York Ih 1873. His flrst book.
"Mr. Barnes of New York," made him
famous. He expects to remain here sev
eral months and will renew old acquaint
ances. He still considers San Francisco
his home. He is a member of tha Bo
hemian Club.
Clever Author of "Mr. Barnes of New
York" Will Spend the Win- "
. ter Here.
NOVELIST GX7NTEB PAYS
VISIT TO HTS OLD HOME
John M. Graves, grand secretary of the
Grand Grove of Druids, died at his home,
1003% Valencia street, last night alter a
short Illness. Graves, who was a native of
Hartford, Conn., and 71 years of age, wa3
In his office up to ten days ago, -when an
attack of la grippe, from which he had
been suffering for a short time, compelled
him * to relinquish his duties. He was
thought to be Improving when, suddenly
last" Friday he was stricken witn apo
plexy. * . • .
Graves was for many years a resident
of Modesto. He moved to this city about
five years ago, when ho was elected to the*
office of grand secretary. He was re-elect
ed four times in succession. Ha was ex
ceedingly well versed in Druidlsm. He had
the faculty of making friends at sight
and was quite popular in every grove in
the jurisdiction. Among the members of
the order he w»s better known as "Papa"
Graves than as grand secretary. He was
a member of Modesto Grove, U. A. O. D.,
Four Creek Lodge and Modesto Encamp
ment of the Odd Fellows and Modesto
Lodge, A. O. U. W. He leaves a wife and
two sons grown to man's estate, one a
practicing physician in this city and tha
other a' resident of Modesto.' The funeral
will be held under the ' auspices of tha
Druids.
Grand Secretary of the Ancient Order
of Druids Succumbs to Attack
of Apoplexy.
JOHN M. GRAVES DIES
RATH KB. TTNEXPZCTEDL Y
IiATE SHIPPTN^a rNTELUEGEN-CE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 23.
Stmr Ruth, Andflndaen, ES hours from San
Pedro, via Blgrsbys Landing: 12 hours. \u25a0
Schr • Bonlta, Ericksen, 23 days from TJn
alaska. \u25a0 • • , \u25a0 . " • • \u25a0• •:
SAILED. . ,. '.
Wednesday, October 23.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, .
\u25a0 Stmr San Pedro. Jensen. — — .'
; Stmr Anryll, Gllboy, Panama.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON — Arrived Oct 23 — Schr Albion,
hence Oct 14. •
-TACOMA— Sailed Oct 23— Ger ship Llabeth.
for Queens town; Br stmr Glenloean, for Cape
Vincent. . .
Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Matteawan, ; from San
Francisco; stmr Walla Walla, from San Fran
cisco. . - • . ' -
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct ; 23— Stmr • Al-Kl, for
Skaeuay.
Arrived Oct 23— Stmr . Rainier, from San
Francisco; schr Preston, from the Arctic. I
SAN DIEOO— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Santa
Rosa, for San Francisco. *
Arrived ' Oct 23— Stmr St Denis, from Ense
nada.
. PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr
Newburgh, from .
. Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Mlneola. for Nanalmo.
PORTLAND— Sailed Oct 23— Ger bark Fa
vorlta. for Queenstown;- Ger ship Renee Rlck
mers, for Queenstown. ...
OCEAN STEAMERS." : - '
"NEW YORK-Arrived : Oct 23-Stmr Britan
nia, from Marseilles, etc. "-\u25a0- ..\u25a0 .
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Appalachee. for London
stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for Naples; stmr Phila
delphia, for Southampton; stmr Kensington
for Antwerp; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool
HONGKONG— Arrived before Oct 22— Stm-
Tosa Mam. from Seattle, via Yokohama. Be
fore Oct 23— Stmr Tacoma, . from Tacoma, via
Yokohama. ' \u25a0 . ~ .
. GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Numl
dlan, from Montreal.
BOULOGNE-Arrlved Oct 23-Stmr.: Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam. - -
.-/ SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed ", Oct 23— Stmr - Kat
serln" Maria \u25a0 Theresa, . from : Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg:. / - :
r Arrived Oct 23— Stmr St t Louis, from New
York. ."-•.-\u25a0 ••.-.-. •, \u25a0\u25a0
i HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Kalaerin
Maria Theresa, from Bremen, 'for New York.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCJOBEK 24, 1901;
13
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS..'
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of EDWARD
HARMON , SHELDON, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER
• D. K. GIBSON, - administrator I with the will
' annexed of the estate of EDWARD HARMON
SHELDON, - deceased, ' -to the creditors of
and \u25a0 all persons having claims c against < the
said deceased, - to c exhibit them with the
necessary t vouchers, within ten (10) months
'.: after the -first publication of \u25a0 this notice, to
the. said administrator, at the • office ,of
.Morrison & Cope, room 123 Crocker. building,
'at the northwest corner of Market and Mont-
gomery streets, San Francisco, California,
the same being his- place for the transaction
of \u25a0 the business of the said estate in -. the
-• city i and county of ] San . Francisco. State of
California. . • . ' "" ' '. - si 1
.„• WALTER D. . K. GIBSON, administrator
' with the will annexed of the estate of ED-
WARD HARMON SHELDON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, Octobe'r 16, 1901.
** RO _ I * o _ s A Ij _ s i 1 _ _ - i "5 '
PROPOSALS for. Box Lockers, • Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal., October 15, 190L— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received \u25a0 at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday. October
25, 1901, ' Pacific Standard Time, and ; then
opened, for furnishing Box Lockers. Quantity
to.be subject to an increase of 20 per cent.
If desired by this department; Unguaranteed
bids, - and bids . upon samples differing \u25a0 from
specifications, will under no circumstances be
considered ; proposals for - less quantity than
I advertised for will be entertained. Early de-
. liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders In their
\u25a0 proposals. Preference will be given to articles
of . domestic production and manufacture, con-
- ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
\manufacture the- duty thereon), and. such
preference ' will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals -will be furnished on application.* En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 9093," and addressed to MA-
JOR C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, _U. S.
: Army, Depot Quartermaster. . .
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
. of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
"Washington,. D." C, until 12 o'clock noon.
November 5, 1S01, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of burrs,
brooms, brushes, cement, muslin/ glass, locks,
nails, thermometers, leather, lumber, mahog-
any.boat knees, brass rod, sheet copper, bar
j. Iron, sheet lead,' steel, packing, shellac,
borax, vaseline, paints, red lead, zlnc,_ pipe
and fittings, valves, tools and files. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay Office, San
• Francisco, Cal.' A. S. KENNY, Paymaster
' General. U..S. N. ' ' .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
".' 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
, MARRIAGE. LICENSES.
- The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . .•'.-'
Joseph Ward, 21," 86S Mission street, and Ag-
nes Allen, 18, 868 Mission street.
Charles L. Creierhton, 21, Santa Rosa, and
Margaret H. Emberson, 21, Malone,' N. T.
William G. Nelson, 26, city, and Elfrida A.
Tepper, 19, Dimond, Cal.
James D. Cure, 40, Point Arena, and Jessie
Allan, 37, Jersey City, N. J. .
H. Maximo Prouse, 26, 874 Mission street, and
Mollle V. Spangenbergr, 26, 874 Mlwlon street.
Fred W. Bertram. 21," Houston, Texas, and
Laura Mordecal, 21, city. . ; .'
George E. Macdonald, 34, '/Vancouver, B. C.
and Annette M. Creighton.^26, city. ;'\u25a0
Thomas C. Ragsdale, 42, Stent, and Ella M.
Barry, 33, Stent. . - .
Andrew F. St. D. Skinner.' 41, 1286 Washing-
ton street, and Lucy.E. S. Freeman, 31, 60GB
Powell street. . . \u25a0
Charles M. Olson, 29, . 255 Natoma street, and
Hilda Johnson,' 26, 1324 Stelner street.
Oscar F. W. Sesser. 34, city, and Evelina A.
Powell, '27, city. ' .-• • .•-'.-..,
John M. Connelly, 33, city, and Sarah Duzel,
28, Fort Jones. • • »\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , •
William F. Black, 32. 1604% Powell street,
and Amelia W. Pimentel, 32. 1604% Powell St.
Frans L. Billgren, 34, 603 Stockton street, and
Anna Jonson, . 27. \u25a0 New York City.
» Charles F. Knight, 54, Kinsley, and Cora N.
Smith, 41, 284A Clara street.
Aaron Ury, S9, San Leandro, and Elizabeth
Sellgman, 19, San Leandro. ' '
Charles F.. Overman, 43. 933'4 Howard street,
and Leonle F. Bradley. 32, 933 Mission street.
Levi Johnson, 35, 113 Page street, and Mattie
Carlton, 27, 113 Page street. ,
J: Henry Lackmann, 35, 816 California street,
and Elsie. Sohl, 20, city.
Lulsrl Maggl. 27, Stanford Heights avenue,
and Celestlna Maggl, 18, Stanford Heights ave.
BIRTHS— MARRI &SES— DEATHS.
V 30RN.
ATTENBOROUGH— In this city, October 21,
1901, to the wife of Henry W. Attenborough,
a-aon.* ' \u25a0' \u25a0 :-\u25a0 - .«- .- . . .'. \u25a0---\u25a0;•.-.-\u25a0 \u25a0-.-
BOWEN— In this city, October 23, 1901, to the
wife of. John B. Bowen, a son: : . .
CANNING— In this city. October 19, 1901, to
' tho wife of J. D.. Canning, a son.
REED— In this city, October 15, 1901, to the
wife of William Reed, a son.
WITT— In this city, October. 10, 1901, to tho
wife of Otto Witt, a son.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— TAYLOR— In, this city. October
21. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Samuel A.
Anderson of Westport and Florence M. Tay-
M lor of San Francisco. . ;
ANDREWS— WELT— In this city, October 23,
1901, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, A. Le
Roy Andrews of Merced and Jennie June
Welt of .San Francisco.
BELLOF— DWYER— In this \u25a0 city, October 20.
.1901,' by the Rev. George W. Beatty, George
Bellof and Kittle Dwyer, both of San Fran-
cisco. . *\u25a0
BOOTH— CREBA— In this city. October 22.
1S01, by the Rev. I Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Edward Booth of
Cosumne, Cal., and Jane Creba of San Fran-
cisco. . v v . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 K
BUCHHOLZ— MAAS— In this city, October 23.
1901, by tha Rev. J. Fuendellng, William
Buchholz and Clara Maas. " .
CONNELLY-DUZEL-In this city, October 23.
1901, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, John M.
Connelly and- Sarah Duzel, both of San Fran-
cisco. \u25a0 .
CREIGHTON— EMBERSON— In this city, Octo-
• ber 22, -1901, Charles L. Crelghton of Santa
Rosa - and Margaret Hadden - Emberson - of
•Malone, N, Y. .
HARTMANN— SHARP— In this city. October
20, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnsr, Henry
Hartmann and Birdie Elphlne May Sharp.
KOEBERER-HEUER— In this city, October
17, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, •. Carl
Koebcrer and Mrs. Frlda Heuer.
KROMELBEIN— FLICK— In this city, October
19, 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John V.
Kromelbeln and Josephine Flick. \u25a0
LANGERMANN— BRAUER— In this city, Octo-
ber 22, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, C. F.
August Langermann and Emma L. Brauer.
MANON— WELT— In this city, October 23, 1901,
by the Rev. George W, Beatty, Clarence L.
Manon of Eureka and Charlotte L. Welt of
San \u25a0 Francisco. . \u25a0 \- '
MOLL— LATHEROW— In Redwood City, toy
Judge Harlon, Frank O. Moll and Mabel M.
Latherow of San Francisco.
OLDAG— FROBOESE— In this city, October 16,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendsllng. Carl Oldag
and- Mrs. Catharlna Froboeae. - , •
PILSTER— MULLER— In this city, October 22,
1901, by the ' Rev. J. Fuendellng, Theodore
Henry Pllster and Llbbie Charlotte Muller.
PRATT— SULLIVAN— In this city, October 22,
1901, at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev. \u25a0
Father Hartnett. William M.- Pratt and
-Frances L. Sullivan, both of San Francisco.
PRICE— HANKS— In this city," October 22, 190L
by the Rev: George W. Beatty. Milton Z.
Price of Franktown. Nev.. and Eliza Abigail
Hanks of San Francisco. . ... - . - .
SAVAGE--CHAVDIN— In thli city, October 22,'
1901. by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Nelson
. . Savage and Minnie "J. Chavdln, - both of San
' " Francisco. . \u25a0 \u25a0 \: r \u25a0 ,'\u25a0 . -. .
SESSER— POWELL— In -this city, October 23,
1901, Oscar F. W. Besser and Evelina -A. 1
Powell. - . .
SMITH— LITTLE— In this city." October 19. 190L
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannasran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL; P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
- '-. Telephone South 80. ' .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
» : < : ' Ban Mateo County."
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
- Funeral Directors and Embalmers, "
31 EDDY STREET. . - -
Telephone South ,252. • San Francisco.
No. Connectlon_Wlth_^Any_Other House.
. NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel . McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United. Undertakers'. Association; M. J. •
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F.' Green, -late, with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.; have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. - Telephone South 44.- r
CREMATION.
The 'Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
'"- Point LoboB ave.. S. F., Cal.
\u25a0 The" ordinance ' prohibiting ,- burials' In San
Francisco after ; the \u25a0 first day of- August, 1S01,
does not refer to CREMATION. - Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing' less > harmful to the living than the
ashes of. their dead. ' -• • \u25a0 -.-- ; - . • ' :
Permits to cremate ; will ..-be . issued by the
Board of Health the same 'as heretofore. »-.";-•
GEORGE !> R.' FLETCHER.*; Manager. <
REAL . ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS! .
$500 to $900— Bargains in "Sunset" lots; all
graded;. elegant view;. $10 monthly.. .• - ...
$100 to $300— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots. ...
\u25a0 $75. $100 to $250— Unexcelled bargains; near
Mlssion-st.. cars; $5 monthly..
$400 to $800— Cheapest and. best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000. $1300 to ' $3000— Splendid cottages. Rich-
mond, Sunset and Mission; easy terms. ; ..
$3000— Choice corner in ' Mission ;\u25a0 great bar-
gain; 50x100. with new store and flat; rent J40. ••
Sunset branch office. Ninth aye., near. H. St.. -
: « SOL GETZ & BRO.,
54 Chronicle -building.
A RESIDENCE to cost about $4000 wanted to
purchase In the Mission or Western Addition,
on or near to a car line: must be modern
- built and In good condition. W. J. GUNN.
530 California st. - . ' r - \u25a0'
A CORNER property wanted to purchase on
Mission or. Valencia sts. W. J. GUNN. 630
California st. -•..'.-
•\VANTED to purchase two or four flats that
are in first-class condition and modern:;
either in Mission or Western Addition. W.
J. GUNN. .530 California st. . . ,
THE undersigned wants to purchase a lot im-
- proved -or unimproved on Valencia, ' Mission.
Howard or Folsom. W. J. GUNN. 530 Call-
fornla st. \u25a0 ; . .\u25a0 \u25a0
FOR sale— Cottage of .4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce st ••
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY- — For. Sale
GOOD . land ; low price; bank's figures; coast
road; fast trains; best climate; best soil;
crops sure;, selling fast: to saving people on
monthly payments; within the reach of fru-
gal people; $14 14 monthly will buy 10 acres;
careful men will plant vineyards or orchards
to suit buyers; a pretty colony is forming
now; the kind of soli; the kind of climate,
!' the kind* of people you want to be 'with;
Santa Clara "Valley; come see us. WOOSTER,
: WHITTON & MONTGOMERY. 631- Market
St., and San -Jose. ... \u25a0 .. • -.. . ,
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero,
• for "sale: SOO acres, mostly redwood and tan
oak- lOCO fruit- trees in full- bearing,, prln-
! cipaftly late, apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owij,er
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J.
EVANS, Pescadero, San Mateo County, i
' FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO "-
j Small, tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
i Cotatl, Sonoma, Co.; future" value assured, as
San Francisco is • growing rapidly; location
.best for poultry, and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and Information.
A — IF you want to > buy, sell r or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mfket St.; S. F., office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. -.204' acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R; ' Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma,' Cai.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL 'ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS.
In Improved and unimproved property In Ala-
meda.
Cottage, $3000, reduced to $2150.
Cottage, 6 rooms, $3250; price reduced to $2350.
Cottage of eight rooms, $3500, $2350.
Two-story 8-room house, new, $4500, reduced to
J2000. .,-. . - . ' .
Two-story. 9 rooms, all modern improvements;
on Clinton ave.: lot"50xI50; offered for $4750.
A few of - our", cheap lots . are still' unsold,
price from $150 to $250, and must be sold regard-
less of cost. \u25a0 '\u25a0
E. J. JUDD COMPANY,
. 1424 Park st.
A RARE opportunity; for sale or lease; one of
the prettiest homes in Alameda; house and
stable built one year; lot 75x175; house of 8
rooms; splendidly finished with 2 tiled baths.
Call mornlnrB, 1004 Grand st., corner San
Jose ave., Morton st. station, narrow-gauge.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved -property
acquired byi foreclosure ; M. cash. Bank. of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. - ;
WILL THIS TEMPT YOU?-' 'V :
$3000 will buy a fine two-story ' house and
\u25a0' loOnear the .station on the sunny side of
.the street; street work all done;- to any one
-buying this ..property during the coming
vweek I will give as a bonus a fine corner
lot, 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
there • is no mistake, will . give you the lot
free- if -you buythe house and lot. Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P, Qi. Berkeley
station. .'\u25a0";\u25a0 . \u25a0.- -.
OAKLAND : ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. \u25a0
$30w£-COST TO DUPLICATE $4000.
New 7-room house;':. cement basement; the
latest in design and' .finish; nickel and open
plumbing: choice neighborhood; Improve-
' ments opposite cost $16,000; 3 blocks to local
station; owner non-resident; house must be
sold; v positively the finest property for the
money ever offered for sale In Oakland; call
early or you may lose an opportunity.
J. 8. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3000— CHOICE new story and a , half house;
six rooms; basement; in fact, an Ideal beauty
In location and architectural finish; lot Is
high and sightly: near Senator Perkins' house
on Vernon Heights; owner compelled to sell;
no reasonable offer refused; space too limited
to extol Its charming qualities; seeing Is be-
lieving; call early.
• • 'J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ON ACCOUNT OF. SICKNESS-COST $3300.
I am Instructed to sell without reserve a' 6-
room two-story house with all the latest con-
veniences to the highest bidder this week; I
think $2600 will buy the, property; it is a
forced sale; space too expensive to enumer-
' ate hs mar.y good qualities; lot EOxllO; con-
venient to' cars, schools and business center;
owner must sell.- J. S. MYERS & CO.. -
IOCS Broadway, Oakland, Cal."
$2500— FINE large comfortable 8-room . cottage,
- with bath and all modern improvements, and
' all In good condition; select central residence
location on Myrtle at.; lot 50x125 feet; sunny
front; easy walk from local station; rents for
$24 per month; terms can be arranged. i •
. - GEO. W. : AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 .Broadway. Oakland.
$800— PLAIN but cozy cottaga of 6 rooma - in
good -condition; . sunny side; close . to- San
Pablo-ave. electric cars; street work all done;
insured for $800; policy, paid for 3 years In
advance goes with, the place;.' title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. yi r u GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., -
\u25a0 : \u25a0 - - ; 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$5 CASH. $2 60 monthly; 2 lots, 25x256; price
$39 each. \u25a0\u25a0': \u25a0
$20 cash. $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
In all. • \u25a0 \u25a0 «•
$50 cash, $5 monthly; 4 lota, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.
: $75 cash, $7 50 monthly; 8 lots, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees; price »575. .
$65 cash, . $10 monthly; 200x200; price $935
In all; fine soil; grand view, superb climate;
near electric car line; fine school; building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 4G5 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free.' H.
Z. JONES, owner. •- \u25a0• .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN. Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS JFORHOUSEKEEPiyG.
EDDY, 156^ — Newly furnished sunny front room;
. use of kitchen, with gas range included.
ELLIS, 330—2 small furnished housekeeping
rooms in rear; rent $10. .;.\u25a0.-. . . ; "- ; \u25a0
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
-three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.V 409— Alcove and 1 kitchen;
completely furnished;, bath; grate;, yard.
HOWARD, 2381—3 sunny, well furnished, $12 for
couple; 4," $15; bath. \u25a0 yard, etc. - - - „; ...-:.\u25a0 •
HYDE,' 408— Sunny hskpg suite, : $17; basement
. rear suite,' yard, laundry, $13'; permanent only.
LARKIN, 819V4-^Sunny ' front alcove >• rooms;
light housekeeping.; gas, bath, phone." .
OCT A VI A,- 1408, corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas. stove ; housekpg.
PAGE, 1138— Two unfurnished housekeeping
• rooms,'- bath, -closets,.- pantry, etc \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0. '. ' „..•\u25a0--
POLK, 615 — One ; clean sunny ; . housekeeping
room; gas stove, bath; $10,
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room . suites; completely
.furnished for housekeeping; cheap :, reference.
SUTTER, 995, corner Hyde^ — 2 front rooms fur-
- nished for : housekeeping. -^ : \u25a0-; ; ,,
THIRD, 419— Newly , furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms. ..-. ; ,.^.. ; . . .
THE PIEDMONT, 119A Sixth— 4 . connecting
\u25a0 ; rooms/, complete for housekeeping..'- . -,- \u25a0\u25a0»
ROOMS ; FOR. HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
THE St James, cor. Laguna and McAllister
' sts.— Large; well-furnished; single room,: $8;
' handsomely furnished suite for- light \u25a0 house-
' .keeping \u25a0 $15; handsomely; furnished' corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen ln-
.. eluded; select home for families; near park.
VALENCIA, 128—2 or 3 sunny furnished bay-
window, rooms; kitchen; private family and
: adults.' -',-' \u25a0 ..\u25a0-,>''"\u25a0..'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'-.'.:\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0••\u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0 ",\u25a0".. .^v ; :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. . received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established: at 109S
Valencia st. * "- \u25a0 1 JHl_j t _£- '. '•'"'-\u25a0 - \u25a0
ROOMS TO, LET— Fnrii. nnd Unfurn.
ARGYLE. 284 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
irlll attached; country visitors find no placa
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars. ..'-.-
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night r $1 25 to %a per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 24S Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A SUNNY, suite, and \u25a0 singles, neat and clean,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. \u25a0
EIGHTH. 126B— Pleasant furnished front room,
suitable for man and- wife; references re-
quired. \u25a0_ '.''.' \u25a0' \u25a0 • \u25a0 * \u25a0 .
ELLIS, 310— Newly furnished rooms. . .
ELLIS. 922— Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached. \u25a0 ' . " / *\u25a0- .
EUGENE, 2G5 O' Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture;- electric elevator; 25 private,
suites with bath;'baths free; first-class. » '
FELL, 253— Furnished rooms for .gentlemen,
$150 and up per week; '.laundry free. Call
after. 6 p.m. ' .'..'-.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms, '$1 per week. . 820 Folsom
t - St.. near Fourth. ' — -
GEARY, 405, The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very desirable,
handsomely furnished suites; modern conven-
iences; everything new; prices moderate.
GOLDEN GATE, 1521— Three large unfurnished
rooms; also two rooms in rear. , y
HARRISON, 702—2 unfurnished rooms; bath;
\u25a0 gas; \u25a0 \u25a0:' ' . \u25a0\u25a0 : \u25a0. - . " \u25a0 \u25a0 •• .-- .-,•'\u25a0\u25a0•
HARRISON, 784%, ' near Fourth^-Flnely . f ur-
• nished , rooms; bath; all latest- convenl-
ences; homelike; $1 week up. \u25a0\u25a0..."
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European .plan), .24 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing- elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per. day and upward; special- rates by the
.week or month; best in the city; references;
\ take Mar ket-st. cable cars to .Turk st.
JONES, 919A — Nicely furnished, sunny room;
private family; for gentleman. . \u25a0 .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.-
MISSION, 930% (Laurel House}— Rooms to let;
locked door;- no transient. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '
MISSION, 1011— Furnished and 'unfurnished
rooms, to .rent. •.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 537— Front room suitable for one
- or two gentlemen with private family.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room : and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to ?1 50; week, $2 to
' S8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold, water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished sunny, rooms
cheap; also housekeeping. _\u25a0 - ' I
TAYLOR, 810— Sunny room for gentleman; IIP:
TWO sunny rooms; handsome; private residence;
gentlemen; central. M., box 1371, Call office.
CLASSIFIED- advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1096
\u25a0 Valencia st. '. . ' '
RO OltlS^Ay D^BOARD. \u25a0 n
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
' Eddy, Et., near Leaveuworth. \ : , , :. -~~- '
HARRISON, B70— Rlncon Hill for genteel peo-
ple- $3 50 $4, $5; housekeeping rooms at mod-
erate prices; room only %i month to $12; write
or call for- particulars. ._ \u25a0
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave. .
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter st.— Rooms single and
en suite: private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. - - -
SUNNY front parlor suite, with good boardfor
4, in private family; $18; telephone. 616 Jones.
O'FARRELL 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
TWENTY-SIXTH. S31fc-Nicely furnished rooms
•without or without board. ,> . . -.
WANTED— A few first-class boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 1209, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807. (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms." bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repplier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; , special rates to tourists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
PHYSICIAN desires 3 rooms, unfurnished pre-
ferred vicinity, of Union square or Sutter N st.
Box 1374. Call office.
\u25a0WANTED— A housekeeping room; within 10
. minutes' walk of Kearny; north of Market;
respectable house; permanent;' state terms; a
Japanese couple.- Box 1340, Call office.:
2 OR 3 furnished housekeeping rooms: no chil-
dren; state rent. Box 1404, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING room where baby can bo
cared for during day. Box 1324. Call office.
' RUPTURE SANITARIUM. ..
HUNTER'S RUPTURE 6A^ITAmUMy"i206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, .sent to any address - In the
United- States or Canada, one year for $1.
DISEASES and . ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. • American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck.1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates.Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
- pairing -.lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST -Storage Warehouse. 840 Ml»-
slon-Et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. • ;
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.j
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
» f; TO LEASE/
CORNER~ioC^87;6xli7?« i f eetrSE.corner Beach
and Taylor sts., North Beach, .near seawall.
- Apply owner, 310 Ellis st. • : j
AMD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for les« money than any
house in the city ; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
: i ; Exchange, 638 California; telephone Main. 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate - free. . 209 Sansome.
; " DIVIDEND NOTICES. \
TO . the shareholders ; , of the '\u25a0 Ind. Red Men's
. Hall Assn.— At the last « regular ! meeting . of
'."the board "• of directors -, of \u25a0 the. Independent
\u25a0;, Red Men's Hall Assn.',- a dividend of 25c per
- share was | declared, I payable : on Friday even-
ing, October 25,' at 8 o'clock,- In , Red \u25a0 Men's
Hall, 610 Bush st '\u25a0\u25a0' - • ' -
C.G.BOLSDORFF," President.
- B. A.' SAMMANN. Secretary. ' .-• \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 « .,
OFFICE ; of : the .Fireman's .'Fund Insurance
Company,;. San Francisco, Oct. 21, 1901.— At a
regular meeting, of ; the board 'of directors \u25a0 of
this company held this day a dividend was
• declared. \u25a0 payable \u25a0 on and after October 23,
• 1901.- LOUIS -WEINMANN. Secretary. "
\u25a0..••-••.v.< \u25a0\u25a0**\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '.-\u25a0\u25a0 ,". -j-r; *\u25a0•?\u25a0-* :*..-,:- * \u25a0\u25a0 .
by the Rev.' Dr. "Woods. Du Ray Smith and
S Nella Gertrude Little.-both of Oakland, Cal.
STANOVICH— MAURER— In thi« city, October
1, 1901, by Justice of the Pe.ace H. I* Joach-
lmsen, Robert J. Stanovlch "of San Francisco
and Nellie B. Maurer of Ohio..
TIDELL— HALEN— In this city, October 22.
1901, by the Rev. Dr. C..J. E. Haterlus, pas-
tor of Lutheran Ebenezer. Church, Andrew
G. Tldell and Alma D. Halen. , ;;
WALSH— GALLAHORN— In this city, October
, 22,. 1901. at the First Baptist Church, by. the
. Rev. Dr. i Woods, Vincent Sanders Walsh and
.Metta Elaine Gallahorn, both of San Fran-
claco. : - - .
DIED.
Allen. Oliver P. : Lovett. John ' \
Billings, O. J. \u25a0 Lynch. John "
Brooks, Lionel ' Masher, Hanorah •
' Burns, Arthur Q." Murray, Edwin J.
Clark, Irma L. . Nesley, Wallace
. Cunningham. James Packard. Georsre K.
, ' Dunlevy, Nettle M. - Pendersast, Thomas
Euler. • Henry Sr. '. Presson, George R.
Foster, Alden T. r • Samml, August C.
j Graves, John M. Sullivan, James C.
Herbert, Gladys M. Trezeyant, . Lewis , K.
Kanstelner, Carlton. '^:---
ALLEN— In East Oakland. October 13. 1901.
Oliver P., beloved husband of | Sarah F.
'. Allen, and father of Edward O. and Edith
M. Allen, aged 63 years 2 months and 5 days.
ICPFuneral services to-day (Thursday),
* at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 101S Sixth
avenue. East Oakland. Interment private.
BILLINGS— In the City and County Hospital.'
October 22, 1901. O. J. Billings, . a native of
California, aged 23 years. •
BROOKS— In this city, October 23. 1901. Lionel
Brooks. Civil Service Clerk. U. S. A., a na-
- tlye of England, aged 56 years.
- E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
BURNS— In Alameda. October 22. 1901. Arthur
G., beloved husband of Alma - Burns, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 34 years 5 months and
22 days. (Portland papers please copy.)
. H7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O..O. F.
Hall, corner Park and Santa Clara avenues,
Alameda. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
CLARK— In this city. October 23, 1901. Irma
. Louise, dearly beloved daughter of Ellsha
M. and Nellie A. Clark, and sister of Milton
Clark, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
: months and 8 days. : .. \u25a0 \u25a0
CUNNINGHAM-In this city, October M.' 1901.
James Henri, beloved son of Owen and Ro-
sanna Cunningham, and brother of Eugene
• F. and Theresa M. Cunningham, and cousin
of J. T. Curren, a native of California, aged
. 18 years. v - \u25a0 .
gp ICTFrlends and acdualntances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from tha parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
V tery.
DUNLEVT— In this city, October 23, 1901. Nel-
lie M., baloved - wife of T. Dunlevy, niece of
Michael, Edward and Annie Supple, and
cousin of Mr3. M. Moldrup, a native of San
Francisco. -
E5*Notice of funeral hereafter.
EULER— Entered Into rest, in this city. Oeto
. ber 21. 1901. Henry Euler Sr., aged 76 years
and 13 days. ... .
IE7 Interred at Cypresi Lawn Cemetery Oc-
tober 23, 190L I
FOSTER— In this city, October 23, 1901, Alden
,T., "beloved husband of Mary Foster, and
• father . of Mrs. C. S. Engle. : & native of
Waterville, N. T., aged 73 years 2 months
and 17 days. -. " *
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1408 Van Nesa avenue. Interment Lau-
rel H1U Cemetery.
GRAVES— In this city, October 23, 1901, John
:M. Graves, beloved husband of All etha Anna
'Graves, and father of George R. and Dr. J.
•H. Graves, a native of Connecticut, aged 70
years 4 months and 6 days.
. E7 Notice Of funeral hereafter.
HERBERT— In this city, October 22, 1901,
Gladys M., beloved twin daughter of Wll-
..11am and Maude Herbert, a native of San
• Francisco, aged 5 months.
KANSTEINER— In this city, October 22. 1901,
Carlton 1 Ewert, beloved and I only son of
Charles H. and Ellse Marie Kanstelner. a
',. native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 5
days. \u25a0 .
LOVETT— In this city,- October 20, -190L John.
beloved husband of Margaret Lovett, and
\u25a0 father of . Charles H., John M., Thomas F.
and James D. Lovett, a native of Kenmare,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 53 years. (Bos-
ton and Lowell. Mass., and Nashua, N. H.,
papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are.respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hfs late
• residence, 623 Minnesota, street, thence to St.
. Teresa's Church, where & requiem high mass
.will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at - 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ... ; . - -"
LYNCH— In this city, October 23. 1901. John
Lynch,* a. native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
MAGHER— In the City and County Hospital,
October 22, 1901. Hanorah Maxher, a native
of Ireland, aged 42 years.
MURRAY— In Alameda. October 22, 1901, Ed-
win J. Murray, beloved husband of Maria
Murray, a native of .California, aged 4S years
and 3 months.
NEGLEY— In Alameda, October 22, 1901, Wal-
lace, beloved son of Frank and Bertha -A.
Negley, a native of Los Angeles, Cal., aged
6 months. \u25a0
PACKARD-i-In this city, October 22, 190L gone
' to rest, George Knight' Packard, beloved and
. oldest son of Mrs. A. Packard, beloved
brother of J. W. Packard of San Gregorio.
C. H. Packard of San Francisco and Mrs.
. Al Newman of Port Townsend, and nephew
of A. D. Mathewson of Redwood City, aged
. 50 years 8 months and 16 days.
He glveth his beloved sleep.
PENDERGAST— In this clty,\ October 22, 1901.
Thomas Pendergast, husband of Mary Pen-
dergast, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
(Bangor, Me., papers please copy.)
(C7"Tho funeral will take nlace . to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
I dence, 2851 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
car. +\u25a0
PRESSON— In this city. October 22. 1901.
Georgo R. Presson. ' beloved husband of Mary
' P. Presson. a native of Gloucester, Mass..
aged'SS years 2 months and 16 days. -
[CTFuneral and Interment private.
SAMMI— In this city, October 23, 1901, August
C, beloved son of Henry L. and Catharine
.. M. Samml, and brother of John H. and
' Henry C. Samml, a native of i San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 3 months and 5 days.
'. in?" Friend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, October 26, at 1 o'clock, from ths
residence of his parents, 284 Thirteenth street,
near Mission, thence by electric funeral car
from Fourteenth and Mission streets. Inter-
- ment • private. . : .-•
SULLIVAN— In Oakland. • October 11. 1901.
James C. Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged
63 years 10 months and 21 days.
- (t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. 373 Fifth street. Oakland. ,
TREZEVANT— In Alameda, October 23, 1901.
Lewis Kelm, beloved son of Mrs. Henrietta
\u25a0 V. and the late Robert B. Trezevant, a na-
' tlve of Arkansas, aged 27 years and 2
months. - tBatesvllle, Ark., papers please
please copy.)
ETRequlem mass to-morrow (Friday), at
Bt. Clalr's Church. Santa Clara on the &r-
rlval of the morning train from Alameda.
$ianahan Florist go.
V^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable r
107 POWELL ST.NtAAELLIS 2£*5056
AliVEHTISEMENTS.
BLENDED COFFEES
"The Coffee Roaster in our employ
Roasts Good Coffee you can enjoy."
We carefully select from our stock of
400 sacks of Fine, Rare, Old and
Mellow Coffees the proper varieties .to
ensure a delicious cup of coffee.
Our Mocha and Java Blends — Aden
Arabian and Old Government Java.
Roast and ground 45, 40, 35, 30c Ib.
Our Java and Costa Rica No. i —
Old Government Java and Fancy Costa
Rica. Roast and ground 35c, 3 lbs. $1*
' Our V« Java Kona" Blend — Old
Dutch Java and Hawaiian Kona. Roast
and ground 35c, 3 lbs. $1.
Our "Gold Medal" Blend— Moun-
tain Guatemala and Pine Apple Mexican.
Roastand ground 35c, 3 lbs. $1.
Our "Champion" Blend — Java,
Costa Rica^ Kona arid Venezuela.
Rbast and ground 30c, 3 1-2 lbs. $1.
Our " Banner" Blend—Costa Rica,
Guatemala and Maracaibo. Roast and
ground 25c, 4 lbs. 1$.
Serve afternoons "Gold Medal" Blend
made in Vienna China Coffee Machine.
043 Market St. bet 7 & 8. Tdphone Mint 751
__J£USICAL INSTRUMENTS Con.
A I KEEFFE-S, 22, Turk St.. near Market^
bhonlnger. Schubert nn d Stelnway bargains.
E m^ GA <£X££ w "Pright pianos for rent, '$3 per'
. mo. SCOTT-CURT A2 Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
22 L£ AC l F1C st— Handsome store; also 804 San-
eome gt.. nice 6 tore. $10 per month.
ROOM > "Sht. phone; suitable for designer or
_ c frd_wrlter; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL. -, - ' r
OIL, tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
~W~>~-~^~1 PALMISTRY.
H ;- JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist; 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561
TAlVliSKs A.MjJlJEcuKATOKS.
3. C. ROMAINE, e40^TGT7ve7rp^onTpoliri42i^
best quality work; lowest prices, get figures.
EOOHS papered 93 up; whitening dene. HART-
MAN PAINT CO.. tel. Red 3521. 319 Third st.
_^_ PKRSOXALS.
NAVAJO blankets; hand made by. Indians;
have not been known to wear out; 9 pounds
to 16 pounds ; relic hunters, | housekeepers and
dealers save money by . seeing , these at
. SMITH'S CASH STORE, third floor. . 25,27
Market st., San Francisco. • .. •• > .•
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
St., largest curio store In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards. .
MRS. ' BRIGGS, DERMATOLOGIST-
Supcrfluous hair, moles and other facial blem-
ishes permanently removed without pain or
scars by the latest electric appliances. 968
Sutter st.; phone Larkln 3171. . - .
AN elegant line of remnants 'for suits to or-
der, $15; with these bults we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS,' 1117 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
HAND satchels, all shapes, all sizes, all colors,
all prices, 25c up; lunch baskets, 10c up;
trunks at money saving prices. Why not
supply your wants at SMITH'S, 27 Market St.?
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
J2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co;. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near .Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to 51 GO per night; $1 50 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS; 709 Fifth^Oakland.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.'
HAIR. . birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity . by
MISS- GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, S59S
Eighteenth St., corner Guerrero. . '
COMFORTS, white cotton filled, 75c. $1. $1 25,
$1 75. J2 25. You save money on every pur-
chase at SMITH'S. 27 Market st.
GOOD work and politeness Is what you find at
Lederer's; hairdressing 25c; hair dyeing. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma SpreckeU
bldg.. rooms 323-324. S. F.; tel. South. 381.
AT cash prices; ladies* ftlor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed taa.tr. skirts, etc : weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 50c. postpaid; free demon-
itration; come and see us. Bon-Ton. S24 Post.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
WILL pay cash and good- prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1305. Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. -457 Minna st.
Superfluous hair, moles, etc.. removed free for 1
wk by elec. needle. Dr. Brooks, Mission & 16th
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher: translations. 513 McAllister st.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 232 O'Farrell: send for clrculajr.
LACE curtains cleaned for'35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 2528.. j
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
• country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
SOO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, J3 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu»h and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van N«sa ave.
OBESITY cured:no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia st.. bet. 18th & mh.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the* best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. .. .
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; II; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PLAXIXG AXD TPRXIXC MlLLg.~*
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. cTc. CVDONNELL-Of flee and residence,
1021^ Market «t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; tea
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For client. Income property on Mis-
sion at. or between Market and Sutter, east of
Taylor, S. F., $50,000 or' less. Particulars to
W. E. BARNARD. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
KtoAL ESTATE— C1TV— FOR SALS.
G. it " UMBSENTcoi ~-~-~
14 Montgomery at.
AUCTION
AUCTION •
AUCTION •' > .
AUCTION . .
AUCTION ' j
AUCTION
At our salesroom, MONDAY, Oct. 28th. 1901.
. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE v SALE.
The following three properties to be offered
by order of Gustave H. 'Umbsen, referee, sub-
ject to confirmation by the court: . .
No. l.
Nos. 82 to 24H Moss st.. bet.' 6th and 7th,
Howard and Polsom sts.; tenements of 6 and
2 rooma each; rents $75. per month; lot 48xS0.
No. 2.
No. 465 A. B. C, D. E -Tehama st.. bet 6th
and €th sts.; C tenements of 8 and 4 rooms
each; rents 160 per month; lot 25x80. .
No. 2. ...
No. 4373 24th St., SE. cor. Hoffman ave.:
cottage of 5 rooms, with stable; rents $10 per
month; lot 125x110.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos.. 760-762 Hayes Bt., north line, bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster ajs. ; 2 bay-window flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; stable on rear
etreet; rents $57 50 per month, which are low;
bank mortgage of $5500 at 6 per cent' can re-
main; lot 25x120 to Ivy ave.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE."
No. 1406 Guerrero et., near 26th; elegant resi-
dence of 1 15 rooms and bath, with large
grounds; can be readily converted into flats at
email outlay and made a good paying invest-
ment; lot> 50x155, irregular.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
No. 843 Pacific st. and 1220 Powell St.; BE.
cor.; 3 stores and lodging-house; rents $95 per
month; three mortgages.
NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT. 8 •
Nos. 415-417 Natoma St., bet. 6th and 6th sts.;
Improvements, 2 bouses. 2 flats and 2 cottages
of 2-4-5 rooms each; rents $63 per month; lot
&OxS0.
MART MEAGHER ESTATE.-
Executor Sale.
SE. cor. Ellis and Broderlck sts.: 4 flats of
4-5 rooms each; rents $42 per month; lot 87:6x
137:6; subject to confirmation by the court.
B. TURRE . ESTATE. ,
The following three properties must be sold
by order of lesatees:
No. 1. \u25a0
Nob. 105-5H Devlsadero St., bet. Waller and
Halght sts.; 2 bay-window flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $13 50 per month;
lot 25x100. ' ....
No. 2. '/'•---"
No. 639 Commercial st., bet. Kearny . and
Montgomery sts. ; 2-story frame building; rent*
$17 60 per month.
• • No. 3.
No. C02 Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine its.;
3-story and basement brick building of 14
rooms; rents $64 per month, which is low.
GUSTAV "WALTER ESTATE. -'.,''
-Administratrix Sale.
- The following three properties must b« sold
to close the estate:
No. 1.
27th «t., north line. bet. Church and 'San-
chez sta.; building lot 53:4x114. -
No. 2.
Part of outside land, block 1186. fronting on
14th ave., U Bt. and San Miguel Rancho.
No. 3.
Part of outside land block 1186, fronting on
14th ave.. V Bt. and San Miguel Rancho. j
For further particulars apply \u25a0 to • - —
G. H. UMBSEN" & CO..
. - 14 Montgomery st. ;
$359 AND $250 each. 2 sunny corner. Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets ;. cash or Install-
ments. Apply. 3S0 Jessie st. .
mSCELLAVEOCS FOR Sf Con.
r I RST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO
V-17 Stevenson St., near First. ' "'
TICKET tc > gt7~^^TMoTr^eIpT~Addr7sl
box HOS. Call ofHce.
FINE gasoline phaeton suitable for physician*
bareair ; excellent condition. Box 135S, Call!
3AS engine; perfect condition; only used few
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn.. 524 Sutter.
CHEAP. 4 H. P. casoline engine; 2 steam
pumps; all kinds tools. L. Sparber. 516 Mission.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes
JACOB SCHWKRDT. S21 Mission sU
I'HOTO bareain Ust Xo. 17 now ready for
inailinfr. 108 Montgomery £L"
DFFE8 named on small stock millinery. Ad-
dress SHE. Eleventh St.. East Oakland.
LARGE vault front; also laree fireproof safe
cheap. I'ERIAM & CO.. 42 Main Et.
?ASH n>.£lst<?r (Hallwood); brand new; 156- re-
duction. H. F. ALLEX. 202 California Et.
BIG prices x^ald for sealskin*, full dress & Tux-
edo fruits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
r t^a la rH h v M iL^ ats
MAGIC :antern«. new and 2d-hand movlne nlc-
turcs. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post EU
j.VSOLI'CE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launchea. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
EAFES — ICew and second band. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
Uned sale, perfect order. 216 California St.
SEEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 14 pages, sent to any address in the
t nited States or Canada one year for fl.
J MIgCKLLAXEOL'S WANTS.
WAXTED-Second-hand uprirtt for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market Vt.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothine and
_ theatrical goods. 154 &th St.; tel. Folsom 2E22.
fclOKEYlTO LOAX_
COMPANY
$300.(.n.K> at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance ic securities Loans
en unsettled estates, undivided Interests lu
leal estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities Tel. Red 5024 MAX-
H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
1NY AIIOUXT AT € PER CENT.
Pint, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Morteziges and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
K. McCOlAJAN :...
-4 Montgomery st., room 3
1250.000-EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per ceit of real value. W. L. HARPER. 3S7
Parrott building.
klCY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
. second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interefts, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
l£t floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHT 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,tiCK> at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on se<iond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adairs building. 206 Kearny st., room S14.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest
S Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est re.tes. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
it.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
A MILLrlON at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
a; ci-;y or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. bcx 2O.
MT^CICD?AL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., sear
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, let or 2nd mortgages and on fur-t
niture or pianos without removal ; any amount :
lowest rates. Eecker & Co.. 26 Montgomery/
1300.000 AT «"<jxr cent In sums to suit In city;
$150.0')0 on large ranches at fair rates; second
n.ortt:ases. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
partj ; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quid:; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
LOAN'S en pianos, furniture without removal,
llbra:-les, Roods In warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; prtv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.,offlce 7.
ON EALARIES without indorser; other propo-
•itlor*. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
£% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Wbltehead. 1706 Market.
CN ruin: lure pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
11000; any security. 302 Montgomery et., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. K UDELL. 222 Sansoma st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 221 Parrott building. w
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bide
MOXEY WANTED. ~~
A PAFTV desires to borrow $300 for six months
from forn? private party; good security. Box
1342. Call office.
mi;siicXl~ixstrume.\ts.
I AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
i both new and second hand. Is the largest
x west of Chicaco and Includes the most re-
Habit makers to choose from. New pianos
sold uuon easy payments of $6 per month;
some good plane* for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
fcHEHMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter st*.. San Fran-
cisco;- corner Broadway and Thirteenth et. t
Oakland.
ALL highest grades 6old by the Heine Piano.
Co.. agents for the most famous and old-*
est American maker; easy payments; liberal
allowance for second-hand pianos; rents f2
up allowed; bargain list $25 up; Stelnwaye,
$1S5: Chickerings, |125; 50 others; agents
wanted. 217 Geary et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN* HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O 1 Farrell. Chlckering. Ma-
eon and Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
A REAL treat is in store for any one who will
take the trouble to call and hear the won-
derful Simplex piano player as it is exhibited
In our wareroomi every day: It Is the best
on ::he market. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 768 Market et.
ANY Diano cold by us taken back any tlra*
with n 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a. new peerless Knabe at reg-ular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
XjJano from us. KCHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S30.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $15; organs, S2S
up. BOWERS & SOX, 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POXP and A. B. CAMERON. Agentc.
\u25b2 FACT worth remembering is this, you get
j- your money's worth when you buy a piano
\ from us: we cell the famous Decker & Son
\ and BaumeUter: cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANCS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck Everett. Conover. Packard, Ludwig,
\u25a0 Hard-nan nnd many others: wholesale and re-
tall The Wiley B. Allen Co., S33 Market st.,
S. F.; ( Branch Store, 851 Broadway. Oakland).
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright piano: used 6
mortis: sacrifice; leaving city. 602 Eddy et..
corner Hyde. - \u25a0
NEW :i!ano. pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st.
WANTED — 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308-10-1? Post.
PIANO, upright, nearly new. for sale cheap.
140 Minna tt. f
CARLOAD J400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN. 20S Post Bt.
J15— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
uprigrt. nearly new, fS3. 217 Geary et.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new, H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EOHMKR. Bvron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
fipielnjann pianos. 308 Post st.
G7'CI) swond-hand upright for sale cheap.
\u25a0J&:uy.lTZ. Jfi McAllister st. " .
E»^Gj\NT piano as good as new; standard .
make; a cacrifice. Hcrnuns's. 216 McAllister, j: ' Our bitterest tears are shed over our
brightest blessings." ' •\u25a0.....• \u25a0 '-;
Committee From Liquor Dealers' As
sociation Will Present Its Be-'
- - port at Meeting To-Day.
The committee recently appointed from
the California Protective Association, the
liquor dealers' organization, to interview
candidates and recommend indorsements,
will present its report at a general meet
ing of the association this afternoon at 2
o'clock at B'nai B'rlth Hall. The com
mittee will recommend that no I Indorse
ment Of a candidate for Mayor be made.
The recommendations for indorsements
of Supervisors will make up a mixed tick
et, though Democratic candidates will be
in the majority.
Another Tobin Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Fortieth Assembly. District Democratic
Club was held at Franklin Hall last even
ing. - .
The meetinsrwas called to order by M.
C. Hassett and by resolution the name
of tho club was changed" to -the Tobin
Club of the Fortieth Assembly District.
The following officers were elected: :
President, George A. Connolly; secre
tary, John T. Bennett; treasurer, James
RIordan. . ' -. .;
A campaign committee -consisting of
twenty members, one from each precinct
in the district, was appointed . by the
chair. Addresses were made by M. C.
Hassett,, Sidney M. Van Wyck, D. S.
Hirshberg, Joseph Rothschild, J. B. Mc-
Intyre and others.
In the ' Bulletin of to-day wo observe edito -
rials ground out by the ' same pen that two
years ago glorified a Democratic i candidate.
But the Bulletin is now Republican and 16 for
1 is It's standard. . . .'. .
Under the captions ""Workingmen should vote
for Wells." • "Unions should not support Labor
party," "Wells is the only representative can
didate" and "Wells as Auditor," we are told
that there is a man . before the people whose
greatest struggle in life has been the up
lifting, the ennobling, the protection and care
of his fellow man, whose chief desire has been
to obtain for his -.fellow workers maximum
wages and minimum hours. Such merit might
fall as music upon receptive ears who know
not to - the -contrary, but to the wise i it is
farcical.
Mr. Wells was a carpenter and used a
hammer, and not the least of his faults is
the fact that he has carried that hammer ever
since he 'has ceased carpentering. That ham
mer is and has been for labor, and he has used
it for thirty years and has not let an oppor
tunity slip by. j
He with four others, in 1869, controlled the
entire planing mill Industry of San Francisco.
In 1867 the eight-hour day went into effect and
remained • so until 1869. Mr. Wells | got out
his little hammer, and being master 'of the
situation, destroyed ; the eight-hour day by in
creasing the time of mill hands from eight
to ten hours. Was this friendship to labor? \u25a0
After thirty years the Building Trades Coun
cil undertook the re-establlshmtnt of the eight
hour day, and after a long-drawn-out i contro
versy succeeded, but not until. Mr. Wells and
his little hammer once more took action. This
occurred on August 24, 1900. 'when without ap
parent interest or reason, uninvited by' either
side, he again opposed labor, attempted' to
show the inadvisability of the eight-hour day,
predicted all sorts of disaster in case of lte
adoption and strenuously, decried the • wisdom
of such a move. Was this friendship to labor?
It was neither friendshlD to labor nor an ex
hibition of business Judgment, for If Mr. Wells
is caDable of knowing anything, he ought to
know, the mill business. But subsequent events
have oroven that he did not even know that,
as the mill owner and mill worker are to-day
enjoying more harmonious and : profitable rela-'
tions than ever before, and eight hours' labor,
constitutes a day's work. I '. »-
Fellow, workmen, do not be Influenced by the
blandishments, claims and^ promises of a paid
partisan pacer. Let manhood \u25a0 be - your stand
ard.-and whether a candidate was. or is a la
boring man or not, be guided by your convic
tions and select the man in "whom, you think
reposes the ability \u25a0 and 'honesty to properly
conduct the city's affairs. v All men are labor-'
ers, whether they are • mechanics or "not, andi
as the conduct of public office concerns us all
and affects us all pecuniarily, < it : is to our. in
terest, and a • selfish t interest at that. ( to "hava
a wise, economical and energetic,administra
tion,'and to that, end it.ls equally'our duty to
show to this community that the day has long
since • passed " when •' labor ' could - be \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 wheedled,
coaxed and fooled , by Isenseless Bulletin •\u25a0 edi
torials. - (' . .' JOHN : B. WILLIAMS. <
. Brotherhood ; of .Carpenters and Joiners of
America. \u25a0 . " { \u25a0 /" . • :.,.;: ,,
The following communication from a
member of the Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and Joiners of America discusses
phases of the campaign that have not
previously received attention:
To the Editor: It is extremely annoying and
sickening as each campaign occurs to read in
the daily prints the paid eulogies of this or
that candidate, particularly so when they ap
pear in capers that have no politics and are.
with the side which pays the highest figure. '
It is equally sickening to witness the syco
phantic efforts of such journals when the sop
is extended to the laboring element, and the
merits' of a candidate. In statements true or
false, are paraded with a view to attract su]%
port. • -• . \u25a0 '\u25a0 .' \u25a0. " •
- I have yet to call to mind the first candidate
for Dubllc office of Importance who has not
been the lifelong friend of labor — who did not
weep when labor wect and burst with Joy at
labor's success, when in reality labor was. a
nightmare, a thing abhorrent, a- contact to be
studiously avoided, if DCS3lble, without detri
ment. Such is the position of the usual can
didate and Buch is the usual course of the
newspaper which makes his fight. Such truck
ling, sniveling, hypocritical conduct in candi
dates is nauseating; in newspapers intolerable.
The present campaign is no exception to the
rule and the same hackneyed, time-worn tac
tics again appear in a new dress. The Bulle
tin presents its candidate and is with breathless
anxiety engaged in teaching us, the working
people of San Francisco, how Asa R. Wells
used the hammer (as a carpenter), what he has
done for labor, how sorry he is that it was his
misfortune not to "have been able to have done
more, and now. that he is incidentally looking
for a few votes, what he will do in the future.
From Mr. Wells' standpoint, and what he
would have labor believe, there ia nothing in
the city but labor; it is the alpha and omega
of the situation. Mercantile, capitalistic and
professional interests are a. mere bagatelle and
not- ,worthy of particular consideration, but
labor— that's the important question. .
- It is thus that the intelligence of the Ameri
can workmen is severely taxed to ascertain
whether he is considered a natural born fool
and is supposed to swallow hook, bait and all.
or credited with having some sense and an
ability to Judge as to the integrity, compe
tency and qualifications of those who are to be
intrusted with the management of municipal
affaire. : .
Member of Carpenters' Union Tells
How the Candidate Has Used
His Hammer.
SAYS WELLS IS NOT . i
A FRIEND TO LABOR
The gentleman. asks me If my In
terests are yours. They are. 1 rep
resent interests ivhicli every man in
this audience has helped to create.
Gentlemen, the people I urn proud
to call mine commenced their life in
this land in ' mm humble circum
stances as any man in this hall. By
their efforts they have risen to a.
condition of comparative wealth.
Their prosperity I have shared. But,
gentlemen, I have never forsotten
that my father entered this city a.
poor man. I have never forgotten
that my father worked on the
streets of this city, and any man
that says I am not the friend of the
worklngman, lies.
I desire and I hope 'that the spirit of my
address to you this evening will put me .on
entire equality with every man irt this audi
ence. I come not as a man with his eye on
some future political goal, but. as a man with
the interests of San Francisco at heart, a
man interested in the welfare of every citizen,
no matter what his condition in life may be.
X hope I represent no one but the people in
this light, and if elected I know I will repre
sent in the City Hall no one but the people.
I do not want you gentlemen to look upon me
as I have been represented. I am. one of you.
My sympathies are all with you. Your inter
ests are my interests.
Here the speaker was interrupted in
sarcastic tone by the query:
"Do you really mean to tell us, Mr.
Tobin, that your interests and ours are
the same?" .
WHEN Joseph S. Tobin mounted
the platform at . McGrath's
Hall, 530 Third street, last
night a handful of lusty
, lunged • young men tried ' to
stampede the meeting with the slogan of
"Three cheers for Schmitz!" The meeting
refused to stampede and- Joseph S. Tobin,
when he left the hall, left behind him a
room full of friends cheering to the echo
the candidate for Mayor. \u25a0,'-',
Tobin addressed two meetings last even-
Ing and In both cases confirmed the good
impression he has so far made wherever
he has appeared. After leaving McGrath's
Hall he went to Masonic Hall at Four
teenth street and Railroad avenue, where
a crowded auditorium awaited him and
where he was given an enthusiastic re
ception.
His address at McGrath's Hall was in
part as fellow's: \u25a0 -
NO INDORSEMENT FOE,
MAYORALTY CANDIDATE
I am not to be driven from the issues of
this campaign by anything that may be said
about 'me personally. These things will take
care of \u25a0 themselves later. I am no Sancho
Panza.to be tilting at windmills, when there
are live animals In the land more worthy of
my steel.
The speaker again referred to the "Wells
Interview and after reviewing the issues
of the campaign, said:
There was another large audience await
ing Tobin at Masonic Hall. His address
was in part as follows:
I shall make it my purpose, If I get into
office, to see that the present City and County
Hospital, a' place unfit for over-night accom
modation for the poorest of a poverty-stricken
land, is replaced by a modern, practicable,
humane hospital. The present institution is
a dishonor and a crime.
Tobin i then referred to • the interview
\u25a0with Asa R. Wells published in yester
day's Call, in which the Republican can
didate for Mayor explains that not only
did the Republican leaders agree with the
position he had taken in demanding the
placing upon the Republican Supervlsoral
ticket of one candidate of his own se
lection, but that Mr.- Herrin had con
sented to a compliance with his request.
Mr. Tobin said:
Who Ir Mr Herrin? What Is Mr. Herrin
that he should be quoted In this manner by the
head of the Republican ticket? You know who
Herrin. is. You .know what he represents. 'The
head of the Republican ticket tells us that Mr.
Herrin 'gave his consent to a change in that
ticket — Mr. : Herrin, .who represent* debauchery
in public-life, .-who represents the corrupters of
legislators, the purchasers of Supervisors;' Mr.
Herrin, who represents corporations that must
buy franchises from the city, corporations- that
\u25a0ell water and gas to the city. • .
Why does the head of the Republican ticket
quote Mr. Herrin? Because Mr. Herrin repre
sents the supreme ' office-giving powers. Be
cause Mr. Herrin gave him and all the others
on the Republican ticket the nominations they
hold. No man taking a nomination on. the Re
publican ticket can consistently take it with
the intention of doing his duty- toward the
people. No man can serve two masters.
I accepted this nomination not because I
sought political prererment, but because 1
deemed It my duty, because I was a young
man and because circumstances "placed me in
a position 'to devote my time to the things
that will tend to the good of San Francisco./
I believe that no man that works as I know
you work, as I have seen you work, in the
foundry and in the ship's hold, should work
more than eight hours.
-\u25a0--It ..has -been definitely established that
Schmitz will not secure. the solid vote of
the Musicians' Union, of which he 'is
president. Several members of that body
said yesterday that Schmitz would not
get more, than twenty "votes from the
members of his own organization. They
declare that while no open - hostility I has
manifested itself against him in the union
there is a, deep V feeling- that he is .not
qualified to serve the city as Mayor and
that his election would be c a serious blow
to -the industrial advancement of the city.
The ; hostility shown • by -,the , Building
Trades Council, to the labor ticket ' has
set i-the- laboring. men of the city think
ing. The hostile I attitude of the official
organ of "the organized workers toward'
the :\u25a0 labor ticket as a .whole > Is having \u25a0&
weighty ..effect .upon workingmen of all
classes: .' This opposition among the very
interests « in which Schmitz expected to
find solid support . is proving a serious
blow to the . labor candidates. Efforts are
being . made to .. harmonize the conflicting
The Schmitz . managers are rounding
up. the unions and bringing pressure to
bear upon their partisans in those bodies
to cause resolutions to be adopted In
dorsing the entire labor ticket. Up to
date only three unions have given the de
sired Indorsement, and the greatest dif
ficulty is being experienced in whipping
the labor organizations into line. .
I The personnel of the labor candidates
appears : to be the great stumblins-block
in the .matter of general indorsements.
Many union - men who favored the elec
tion of labor candidates changed their
minds when they caught a glimpse of the
majority, of the Supervisorial nominees.
There was little to • inspire union • voters
with confidence in many of their candi
dates,'and the result is an ever increas
ing feeling that the interest of San.Fran
cisco, could in no way .be subserved = by
their election. •';.'\u25a0_\u25a0 --\u25a0 v
The division of sentiment among: \u25a0 the
union 5 ranks relative to the candidacy of
Schmitz f6r' Mayor is growing more pro
nounced as' the; campaign progresses.
Men who were ardent supporters of the
labor ticket a) few days ago are now
switching to ; Tobin on the general. theory
that as Schmitz cannot possibly win the
coveted prize one vote for Tobin prac
tically means a loss of two to "Wells.
Unions Fail to Respond to Request
to Indorse Ticket— Judge
Fritz's Candidacy. ,
DISSENSION IN LABOR
PARTY BANKS GRO\5rilTO
Most of us would rather watch others
than work ourselves.
The Labor party candidates addressed
three poorly attended meetings last night,
the first at Bear Hall, corner of Post and
Fillmore streets, the second at a hall at
Pacific and Leaven worth streets and the
third at the Alcazar building. Little In
terest in the speechmaking was manifest
ed and the applause was quite perfunc
tory. \u25a0-' -
At Bear Hall a crowd consisting of the
most part of boys In search of election
cards greeted Schmitz and his bodyguard
of office seekers. The meeting was pre
sided over by L. M. Manzer, who said
that he favored the Labor party because
he wanted equal rights for all and special
privileges for none. When Schmitz ar
rived the band played "We "Won't Go
Home Till Morning," and the small crowd,
some of whom were under the impression
that it was a Democratic meeting, yelled
for Tobin. When somebody suggested
three cheers for "Fatty" Maher they were
given with a. will.
Schmitz regaled his audience with a
memorized speech,, in which he repeated
some of Abraham Lincoln's sayings and
told what he would do when he was elect
ed Mayor. He had his - usual fling at
Tobin's polo pony, but the audience did
not appreciate the humor of his observa
tion. When he said that the meanest
ditchdigger might be assured of a welt
come at his hands after election a»mur
mur of applause broke the deep silence.
Schmitz found fault with the platforms
of all the'parties save that of the Labor
party and wound up with the statement
that he was for the man before the dol
lar every time. Other speakers at the
meeting were William- J. Kenney, W. D.
Getchell and-J. T. McEntee.
A small audience greeted the labor
standard-bearer at Pacific and Leaven
worth streets. Schmitz repeated his speech
here and his utterances aroused no more
enthusiasm than at the previous meeting.
The speakers at this place were Dr. ! J.
JT.f Dillon, Thomas Gallagher, Thomas
Eagan, P. H. Coyle and J. J. Daughney.
The .shoe clerks met In the Alcazar
building and after the executive session a
smoker was given- to the members. A
set programme was rendered, one of the
events being a six-round glove contest
between two members. Schmitz and his
contingent arrived while this was in pro
gress and his entrance was in . conse
'quence quite flat. The announcement that
Police Judge Fritz was in the hall created
a sensation and that official was given an
ovation. Subsequently Schmitz was intro
duced and he took advantage of the oc
casion to throw more bouquets at himself.
Several addresses by labor, candidates
were delivered. : .' » .
Schmitz and. His Promises Received
With. Lukewarmness in Various
Sections of City.
LABOR CANDIDATES SPEAK
TO SMALL GATHERINGS
The bosses have given strict orders that
Wells shall not speak in public again until
his speeches have been rehearsed to Her
rin and Cobb. Orders are also out pro
hibiting the Republican nominee from
giving interviews to newspaper men. In
order to Bupply oratory for the last week
of the campaign Spellbinders W. H. L.
Barnes, George A. Knight and Samuel M.
Shortridge are- to be engaged "to whoop
it up for "Wells.
Spellbinders Engaged.
interests, but the greater the effort the
wider grows. the breach. -
The candidacy of Police Judge Alfred
J. Fritz for re-election is regarded with
general ' satisfaction, and' he is receiving
the support of all classes, \u25a0 irrespective of
party affiliation. His conscientious and
fearless official course during the last two
years has won for him - the admiration
and . respect -of the, public generally, so
that the support he is -receiving warrants
the prediction on the part of his workers
that he will distance his opponents by
far. - --• \u25a0..-.,.
The friends of Harry Baehr. Republi
can candidate \u25a0 for Auditor, are •• making
an excellent fight for their candidate.
Baehr' s popularity is winning for him
the support of men upon whose aid he
had at no time counted. An army of
faithful workers Is making his canvass,
and on all sides assurances of fealty are
repeatedly expressed.
I was born in the south of Ireland and was
resident in Liverpool when I decided to como
to America. When I reached San Francisco,
thirty years ago, I found that my countrymen
were running things In this country anyway
and my assistance was scarcely needed. Here
In San Francisco an Irish policeman, McCop
pin, was Mayor.
A physician knows no country. The profes
sion is destined to promote the brotherhood of
man, and to break down national prejudices.
In my opinion there is no more justification
for the existence of' national boundary lines, in
this age of ready communication | and rapid
transit, than there was for the existence of
clans, in medieval times. .The nation is the
clan of modern times. - -
So, although I have lived here thirty years,
I am still a subject of Great Britain largely,
I presume, because thinking as I did about
such things I. was too lazy to take out naturali
zation papers. But. I am a taxpayer. In Eng
lish municipalities there is more freedom in
that respect — whatever your nationality you
vote if you are a property holder. Property
qualification? Yes, that is true. You can't
vote unless you have property.
My interest in this is not political. I have
never concerned myself with political ques
tions and am not now, but when I consider it
iny duty to speak out I do not shirk it. .
Dr.. Buckley's sudden Interest in affairs
of government astounds those of his ac
quaintances who know of his prejudices
against national boundaries and devotion
to country." The average man of this day,
when patriotism is still judged a virtue,
is not able to associate indifference to na
tional welfare with unselfish interest in
municipal affairs or to see how these ap
"parently antagonistic states of mind can
be harmonized. Dr. Buckley explained to
a Call reporter last night why he had
lived thirty years in America and had re
mained a subject of Great Britain. He
said:
prominence and financial afflu
ence here without deeming it desirable
to become a citizen of the country which
smiled so graciously upon him, has taken
it upon himself to. advise the people of
San Francisco in municipal affairs. He
opposes the candidacy of Joseph S. Tobin
for , Mayor and in communications to an
afternoon paper warns the people that
if they expect honesty or devotion to their
interests in case of Tobin's election they
are hugging a delusion.
D— R. C. F. BUCKLEY, a "man
without a country," who-- for
thirty years has resided in San
Francisco, rising to professional
Dr. Buckley States
Reason Why He
Is Not Naturalized
Subject of Edward VI I
G i v e s Gratuitous
Advice to Voters
Herrin Is Denounced
as a Perverter of
the Public Morals
Is Declared to Con
trol Nominees on
Republican Ticket
THERE will be no amalgamation
of the retail and wholesale liquor
dealers' . associations, and there
wifl be no indorsement of . Wells
by either. Tobin or Schmitz will
be indorsed by the liquor merchants, if
any indorsement whatever is ..given, but
the Indications are that no candidate
for Mayor will • be indorsed. The
trap to catch the retailers and bring them
into the wholesale organization was set
by John Lynch, Collector of Internal
Revenue. The retailers and the whole
salers will not stand for the Lynch pro
gramme. They know Wells' record on
the license question and that is enough
for them. All the Lynches in creation
cannot change .their purpose to ' protect
themselves.
Johnny Lynch, whose term as a Federal
officeholder Is drawing, near the end, Is
again neglecting his official duties to
meddle in affairs that chiefly concern
people who pay taxes to support our mu
nicipal government. Lynch is not a resi
dent of San Francisco, and it is none or
his business how the liquor dealers vote.
If he goes too far in his implied threats
to make it uncomfortable for dealers who
will not take the programme he may
get what he most deserves. It may
gratify representatives of the liquor trade
to know that Senator Perkins has agreed
with Senator, Bard to take up the sub
ject of the appointment of Lynch's suc
cessor as soon as Congress meets. Sena
tor-Bard favors Stephen Kelly of San
Bernardino . and Senator Perkins agrees
to indorse any good man recommended
by his colleague in the Senate.
Lynch Has Tricky Ways.
Lynch is noted for his readiness to
do the nastiest kind of politics. iHe will
go to the. limit of using forged tele
grams. At Sacramento he produced a
bogus telegram, representing it to be a
genuine message from Senator Perkins
requesting members of the Legislature to
vote for D. M. Burns for United States
Senator. Even Senator Perkins, whose
forbearance is remarkable, and whos«
desire to pleass everybody amounts <o
enthusiasm, asserts that the utterance oS
a forged telegram is a dishonorable ace.
Lynch will not scruple to use any sort
of tactics to catch the liquor dealers off
their guard, but his cunning will not pro
cure the indorsement which he is schem
ing to obtain. This subject is already sec
tied eo far as Wells is concerned, for that
candidate is not on the list of those to
be considered. The Society for the Pro
tection and Care of Aged and Indiscreet
Talkers may indorse Mr. Wells and re
ceive a testimonial from Mr. Cobb at the
Grand Hotel,, but Indorsements elsewhere
will be few and far between. ;
Lynch's official position does not dis
turb the liquor men, as they know that
he will be removed from office in Decem
ber next. \u25a0 • «
Dr. -C. F.' Buckles', a stickler for royal
ty, a subject of King Edward the Sev
enth and a standing candidate for direc
tor of the Hibernia Bank, is meddling in
affairs that do not concern the King. Dr.
Buckley, whose character as a man and
whose attainments as a physician are
not questioned, in the local campaign ad
vises the people against supporting Mr.
Tobin. Dr. Buckley is not registered. He
is not a citizen of this country. He has
no aspiration for American citizenship.
He dwells in this country because he can
do better here than in England. Perhaps
he wants to be near the Hibernia Bank
in case his long cherished wish to be a
director of that institution should be
gratified. Before projecting himself any
further into the politics of San Francisco
he should advise with the British Consul
and get the consent of his Majesty, King
Edward, to chip In.
Tobin Easily Wins a Bet.
Mr. Tobin seems to be good enough for
the people, of San Francisco. The Native
Sons entertain a high regard for him. He
was born in California and loves the land
of his birth. It is true that he is not as
old as Mr. Wells or as handsome as Mr.
Schmitz. but he has a mind of his own
and expresses It in a style that wins the
high regard of his fellow citizens. He
may never be able to match Mr. Schmitz
for pulchritude or acquire Mr. Wells' fa
cility for wobbling, but he is in tha
race for Mayor, with every prospect of
success. Dr. Buckley should, gaze* on Asa
R. Wells and see the danger of talking
through one's hat. Cobb cannot protect
everybody from the indiscretion of rush
ing Into print. All his time is now taken
up in guarding against further outbreak
on the part of Mr. Wells. . .
Tobin is surely a winner. He won a bet
so readily at the Palace Grill yesterday
that those who believe In auguries are
convinced that he will win all alongr.
He happened to meet a representative of
the Examiner, to whom he remarked that
he did not make the statement in the Pal
ace barber shop that the Toblns would
not patronize the establishment if the Ex
aminer was not excluded. 1 The newspaper
man offered to bet $25 to $5 that the paper
published just what Mr. Tobin said. The
wager was accepted and the principals
went to the barber shop for a decision.
When the facts were elicited the Exam
iner man said: "Mr. Tobin, I will send
you my check for twenty-five dollars."
Mr. Tobin replied: "Never mind the
check. Give it to charity."
CAUSES GROCER'S ARREST.— Mrs. Busan
Simon yesterday urocured a warrant for the
arrest of M. H. Grovers, a grocer "at . 1024V4
Howard street, on a charge of battery. She
claims they had some words over the painting
of a house and that Grovers struck her on the
face.
JOSEPH S. TOBIN, NOMINEE FOR MAYOR,
ENLISTS ENTHUSIASM OF PEOPLE AND
LYNCH SEEKS TO ENTRAP LIQUOR MEN
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1901.
"Because Mr. Herrin represents the supreme office giving
power. Because Mr. Herrin gave 'him' and others on the Repub
lican ticket the nominations they hold." — Extract from speech
made last evening by Joseph S. Tobin.
T/T/.HO is Mr. Herrin f What is\:Mr. 4 Herrin that' he
r r should be. quoted in this manner by the. head of the Re
. publican ticket? The head of. the Republican ticket
tells us that Mr: Herrin gave his conseni'to a 'change in thatticket.
Mr.-.Herrin! Mr. Herrin! who represents debauchery in public
life,' who represents the conuptors of legislators, the purchasers
of Supervisors. Mr. Herrin! who represents corporations that
\u25a0must buy franchises from the city, corporations that sell gas and
water to the city. . .
"Why does the head of the Republican ticket quote Mr. Her
rinf ' • ' :'
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.. *•
n OPEN LFTTER
— — '^
Address to Women by the Treas-
urer Of the Wo C. T. U. Of
Kansas City, Mrs. £. C
Smith. _____
" Mr Deab Sisters : —I believe ia
bdrocating' and' upholding everything
that tyill lift up and help women, and
but little use appears all knowledge
and learning if you have not the healtn
to enjoy itl
!-• 3I31S. E. C. SMITH -
• " : •' Having found by personal experi-
ence that Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound is a medi-
cine of rare virtue, and having seen
dozens of cures where my suffering
cisters have been dragged back to life
and usefulness from an untimely grave
simply by the use of a few bottles of
that Compound, I must proclaim its
virtues, or I should not be doing my
duty to suffering mothers and dragged-
out housekeepers.
" Dear Sister, is your health poor,
do 'you feel worn out and used up,
especially do you have any of- the
troubles which beset our sex. take my
advice; let the doctors alone, try
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound; it is better than any
and all doctors, for it cures and they
do not."— Mbs. E. C Smith, 1212 Oak
Et., Treasurer W. C. T. U., Kansas
City, Mo. — f 5000 forfeit if above testimonial Is
mot genuine.
Mrs. Pinkham advises sick wo-
men. £re«. A «* <* t-*»«s. Iivrm, Mass.
THIS MAN IS HAPPY.
"Why should he not be? He has two of
the greatest blessings that can be be-
Etowed; one on the seat beside him, and
the other the Studebaker vehicle that he
drives.
You -will be interested in the new styles
Just coming in.
RROS.fOMPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
22O BROADWAY. N. Y.
WBGENEB, BLAMES WIND
TOR LOSS OF PROPERTY
Claims Relatives Encroached on His
Lot in Erecting a Fence Fre-
quently Blown Down.
The trial of the suit instituted by Henry
Wegener to quiet title to a lot at the cor-
ner of Hyde and Lombard streets was
heard in Judge Graham's court yesterday.
The defendants are Frederick Wegener,
Mrs. Silva and Mrs. Leisen, a brother and
•two sisters of the plaintiff. The property
in question consists of two lots, which
•were deeded to them by their father,
\u25a0Christian Wegener, in 1873.
Henry Wegener testified yesterday that
his brother and sisters were in possession
of ten feet of his property and that .they
got it with the aid of the high winds that
blow in that neighborhood. He said that
the fence dividing the property was fre-
quently blown down and that every time
It was rebuilt the defendants built it on
•his territory, until it stood ten feet from
its original position.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN
SCO
Special Cracker Sale
Thursday Friday Saturday
V anil la w a f ers
Dainty— delicious— reg'ly 2ocpkg ICC
Sc o tch coffee
Kennedy's— reg'ly 20c pkg ICC
L on g bra n c h
Graham wafers— reg'ly 20c pkg 1 re
B r o w n i e s
. / \u25a0
Fun for little ones— reg'ly 20c pkgi re
F avorite milk
Very popular— reg'ly 15c pkg IOC
G ing e r s n a p s
A whole barrel—reg'Iy 35c . , 25c
433 Pine *32 Sutler 1S00 California San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
8
BIG SPECIALS.
tip * WOMEN'S MERCERIZED
k k A SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS.
li . I B \u25a0 flounce lined and trimmed
WW with three small ruffles; our
regular $1 .value.
\u25a0f% mm ' \u25a0 The very latest "WOMEN'S
UhA UNDERSKIRTS, of black
\u25a0 \u25a0 n \u25a0\u25a0 and ' white striped Itallari
WWW sateen, deep ruffle, lined and
accordeon pleated, and trimmed ,with
pinked black niching; worth $1 50.
ih' - A'- V - : * \u25a0- For WOMEN'S RAINY
tH n W day walking
A / iLtli SKIRTS, made of
Vfci rl# heavy gray; and black
mixed all-wool suiting,' all seams
heavily welted, new flare flounce; reg-
ular $3 50 quality.
rffc#> "Vff" For WOMEN'S D*RES3
r 1 ! Tt SKIRTS, oU all-wool
on I I \u25a0 I serge in black and navy
Wliil V blue, made with swell
flare and exceedingly graceful In
shape; similar, skirt sold elsewhere $4.
\u25a0"\u25a0|i For WOMEN'S WOOL.
/ hH VESTS OR PANTS, in pink
-B \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :or white, long sleeves; $125
\u25a0 WU quality. • \u25a0-;.-/
ja For HEAVY -WINTER
I U I) WEIGHT W O M E N'S
I Mli UNDER VESTS, fleece
\u25a0 WU -lined, in gray or ecru, long
sleeves; 35c 'quality. .. - •; .\u25a0\u25a0-.,.'. \u25a0. -
/-» P"-' --'.WOMEN'S - F LAN N E L
•-I h II WAISTS, entire waist .lined,
J JL sizes 32 to 44; $1 25 value. -. r
A » • M W V WOMEN'S ALL-WOOL
V S A k FLANNEL WAISTS,
\u25a0m I .. £JL 1 - ; ' lined throughout, : entire
wiiTW front and back , com-
posed of; one mass of j fine tucks, . all
sizes; $2 25 quality.* i-.. ; - _
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK-
.:r-:.iiV^V ,;,'• ;<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \i' . - - \u25a0 ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - , -r. . -\u25a0 \u25a0 ' '\u25a0
1212-12144MARKET ST.;
Between Taylor and Jones.
. THE J NOONAN FURNITURE CO., INC. * (
- \u25a0\JgJ.:j|rWe : Qive - 1:
\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0l^aii^^i^^yl \u25a0.'-.• You Can L
j^K^r^TB^Ssl y Cash !'
n M ,Ml J'ilfl " ft ' H We can furnlshvour house through- <'
\\\ Jl •T^^^^^^SS \L_-~ 1-1 out com Pl e te. We have everything /
im^it- JST^-l^^l^^ ~^ XL^r the housekeepina: line, and all at •
----^^^'^^ 0^~*' nioderate prices. Our prices cannot i
be; teat— as our Jast carpet s-le V
COVERING TWO ACRES OF^SPACE with an Immense *stock of \
. House Furnishing: Goods of every description, we are in position to show \
you anything you desire. ', )
Our prices are within the reach of all, no matter how small your income )
I We have ths goods you want and at prices to miet the size of your purse* \
• too. \u25a0= Thousands can testify to this fact, and do so daily. >'V" -'
Our location is unequaled. It's out of the high-rent district, so our 'V
expenses are cut to the lowest figure— which is .a benefit to you, as you V
don t have to pay so much for your good;. Sse our prices, which prove '
what we say." . . '
We Own Our Building. We Don»t Pay Any Rent. '
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.. I HC
1O17-IO23 Misaion Street,! above Sixth, San Francisco. "'<
CTose every night.: except Saturdays and- the. day. preceding holidays, at 8 o'clock sharp. i '
;Gall; $1;OO per Yea^.
SPECIAL SALE
TfflJBSDAY-jfRlDAY— SATURDAY.
OUR TO-DAT'S LIST WILL BE MTJCH .
APPRECIATED. JUST TRY THE
\ BUTTER WE ARE OFFERING AT A
SPECIAL PRICE AND YOU'LL FEEL
QUITE SURE THAT IT 13 WORTH ;
ANY PRICE, FOR ITS QUALITY 13
SUPERB.
Creamery Butter, 2 lbs 45c
Nothinr better.
Walnuts, 2 lbs ........ 25c
Fancy, new, extra large
California Walnuts.
Regularly 13c a lb.
Royan Sardines, 2 tins zsc
A la Vatel and Bordelais*.
Regularly 15c a tin.
Stuffed Dates, pkg..... 10c
Dates stuffed with
, Almonds, Walnuts and Pecaas.
Cal. French Prunes, lb. .10c
\u25a0 New crop fancy. Santa Clara Prunes,
80-40 to tho pound. Regularly 15c.
Chicken Cock. Wniskey,
Bot 75c, gal $3.00
: • Straight goods. 10 years 'old.
' Regularly |L0O and $4.00. ". "
Bucnu Gin, qt bot.... $1.25
An Infallible cure for all '
Kidney troubles. *
Regularly *L50. ' :,*'-\u25a0 :.
«« VTT x sO*
Jiey west tigars — •
Rosa de Santa Clara, each 12He
A clear Havana, 6-lnch smoke.
Box of 25 .83.75
Regularly 3 for 60c and 43.50 a box. <
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED — CATALOGTTB
FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market,
, TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
HEREAFTER THIS FIRM Will
USE AS A 1BADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIUM.
• 642 Market 5t. imstrumints
unota chromic;.* Bun.DiM&. CaTAIOOUC FR£t:
w (^SM/f An lll=flvpr Tnrterf S
aS .:. I All All UtCI lUt&wu )§
\ \J'fVj\ .IflllCltt JMll} «pl3» 8|
,# \^MIm A .wonderfully stylish, very effee-
: srffirlftSmi ti ve garment. Has a swish and $$
<§& ' M\ Wl/lfljl swing of the much more expensive S
S Ml ones - It has a graduated flounce of g
S Jfl / thr « rows oi ruffles and thrce rows %
'f§-' J wl/l I '//////// of stitched velvet. Lined. fg
|| .pother very effective skirt i, |
1 i^Hlii' TaffetaSilk One for $1175. |
f yW^^)^l^S!SJj&^\ rows °^ ruffling round the bottom. A
/#^ilWf//TfflV J Of course it's lined. It's gracefully $5
stiW^mFWH^hn^'' and skillfully tailored.
' AT ? 18 ' 75 -0f taffeta silk, §
U&Bfi 1 .«« S $V : g leated u al i a ovc i\ graduated «i
„ v d«nuwr,|i _ miWA^^M -^. y flounce headed with two rows of ©a
|| ; / V-«i^^K J^ ' velvet and braid, alternating with |§{
S®" . ' puffs. §8
W AT $22.75 Of taffeta silk, set off with lace, straps between rows
§f» • - of fine tucks. Around the bottom is a graduated flounce finished ©T;
li with three bands of lace. . «/
fAT 824.75— Of Taffeta silk with straps of velvet running from top «»
fto bottom. Around the bottom is a graduated flounce headed §»
with two velvet bands; silk drop skirt. gj
a*. • AT S35.00— Of Taffeta, tucked all over the body of the skirt. 1*
jm Around the bottom is a graduated flounce headed with three vel- $
<1)| vet bands, and finished with three -velvet bands around the $1
'•^jj FBOM $37.50 TO $75.00— Is a splendid choosing of exclusive *($
Rh styles in silk skirts. - \u25a0 , • \u25a0_ &
§f UnnsnalSale of Sheets, Sheeting and Pillow Cases |
Unusual in the greatly reduced • prices only — the qualities re- 99
fiftv main unchanged. , ..
$k SHEETS— Note particularly size as applied to price— hand torn, «£
i*> * two-inch hem. bleached— 72x90 inches 42c each, 81x00 inches *<%
m .......47c each ».*
,«S PILLOW CASES— Made from firm, soft, good wearms: muslin— *i
% 2 6x 45 inches 12^c each ft
®d MXTSLIN" — Just at the time you want the goods is a fine time to buy 'ffi'
f% bleached muslin, a full yard wide, for only 6j^c per yard f$
07, PILLOW CASING— You may at some time have bought better fe
$ , casing, but certainly never at such a price— for this lot of pillow *#
hi casing is full width— 45 inches— a good, firm, regular I2j^c qual- Si
8& • ity.' which you buy now and here at .9e per yard jSk
8>@ .SHEETING— When we tell you the brand, and that it is bleached W
jSa sheeting 10-4 wide, you will know it as a 22j^c quality. The W
brand is the "Harvest Home," and this sale price is but 10c yd *]fc
WHAT SORT OF SHOE
f do you wish this fall ? If you desire B
Eg the., highest quality in leather, rich- i
H ness in finish, comfort and hygienic n
« correctness in fit, and the kind of dif- B.
fl ference in shape that makes so many 13
B/want our exclusive styles and H .
Hj no other, it will be worth your while ' fl
to look at our footwear. Our fall If
i SP^gSii stoc k is now complete and is the larg- i
te|gg""BiafP est and finest ever shown in this city. El