It Abdul' Harold- were not. "Abd"ul # thaf
Damned" he- could earn a llvir.g as'a <5ar- .
penter. The ; Sultat: ia an expert Joiner,
, and spends ; much o* " his leisure In his
. workshop. He handles the plane with skill ;
and designs many, articles of furniture. A '.,
"short "time ago the "Turkish Embasaador • \
in St. Petersburg pave to, the Czar a hand-
Vome'writing table aa a gift from his sov-
. -erelgn,- whose work it "was.- It Is orna
'-"mented with the Ottoman arms, centered,
l>y a portrait of Abdul's son set in : brn- -
Uants. A small cupboard at the back con-' •
tt<"f a smoking' sat in amber and gold,
Club, Borough of Brooklyn,
i April 7, flag to Fourth Ward gchart.
Norfolk, Va. -
'• And so along through tha months XhM
record goes, showing flags here and there*
east . side, west side 'and all around tit*
town; all around the country, too. Than,
November 5, 200 bunting flags and 200 silk
salutation flags shipped to Major Geaara!
Otis, commanding the United States army
In the Philippine Islands, for presentation
to schools there, by Colonel J. "V7. French.
a comrade of. Lafayette Post.
_ February 20, 1900— 160 bunting flags and
160 silk salutation flags, shipped to Ctoorg*
W. do Long j Post of Honolulu, Hawaii.
. for the schools there.
April 7—600 1 bunting flags, 4x«, shipped
- to Major General Otis, Manila, Fhflipptn*
Islands, for distribution to presidentes aa4
officials of the conquered towns of the
islands. ~v*,
December 12 — 160 additional bunting
flags to Porto Rico for recently estab
lished. schools. N
The money to purchase these flags is all
given voluntarily by the members of the
post, who are wealthy and many of them
'famous— all intensely patriotic In tha
broad manner shown. Among some of
the well-known names are those- of Oen-^
eral Nelson Miles, General Wesley Mer-'
ritt; ,E. L. v Zalinski, , who has made his
name .famous through the invention of
, the dynamite gun; Hon. Chauncey " De
pew; General Fred Pearson,. he of New
York's 400 limited; General Greely of the.
United . States Signal Service, R. "W.
/ Gilder of "Century" fame, Robert C. Og
£• den. Wilbur F. Brown aid so on for near
ly 500 names— names of men- who -have
' made their own fame.
These men, prominent and busy aa they
are, find time to go Into the slums of New
. : - Tork, probably the most barbarous terrl- •
•toryj under *the 'American flag, end* tallr
.--[ to " : th# fc beniglrteV-* crcatur«s. -.'who '
" most of : all instruction in fsatrlotlxta. for 1 »
it was there that . the drafting riots
/showed the' rottenness of the patriotic
timber nearly forty years ago. r 1 *
- During the beginning of the Spanish
war the post organized Itsel* into a re
- .cruitlng squad and worked with such will
that they raised 7500 volunteers, of whom
" the Government accepted over half.
Proceeding with its good work, ths
. wealthy post then offered' to equip an en
tire brigade of these men, but this the
. Government, In consonance with Its pol
icy, refused to allow.
; Mr. Blascheck says , of his post that
whether In business or play, in:commem
orating a sorrow or rejoicing at a fwrti- '
val, there is always something doing. It
has no half ways with It. There is among
the/members all of. that esprit ; da corps
which makes the union between eoOeg*
boys closer than \ the ties of kin." In fact,
they could never enter into their work
so heartily if there were not the boylsa
spirit there. In giving to tha young ther*
is always an added pleasure. No srwh
fiesta was ever known to the half-naked
boys and girls of troplo Porto Rico as
that . when Commander Bakewell went
• through there distributing' the. flags. . Tha
people of the place are always ready for
'^a merrymaking, and when in addition to
their holiday , gay ety is thrown in tha en
'¦ thusiasm which comes of .shouting "vi
vas" for the long sought freedom, thea Is
the scene one worth the painting.
• And when the love of the flag has taken
root and grown, then It will perhaps ba
time -to teach the dark-skinned sons of
-the tropics how to defend it. and in tha
strength so given "will lie their safety.
.The brave are , not fought: . they, flo not
have to flght. There la no better way to
, work toward tn« ultimate peace of tha
great majority, than by these preparations
¦ for its defense.
Lafayette Post haa many members from
the old "Seventh and Seventy-first' New; .
> York, which were the crack regiments*of ,
that State. With men of that stamp for
, a nucleus it has drawn toward itself- so
? many comrades that the •membership^ is
now nearly 600, and dues have been raised '
to prevent * Its popularity . from swamping
It by causing tmwleldiness.
few months more will see the post
. In its twenty-first year, -its coming of age.'
Notwithstanding Its own growth, m years
'and that of its: members," the occasion
will be marked by hilarity that would do ,
', Justice to the revels of collese freshmen,
' tor the Lafayettes " believe that the way
to keep young is to act as in youth.
The .activities 'of ; their ; own early lives
: are > repeated by • the second generation,
i -Thorn they are training*, and perhaps '
Then the last comrade "of Lafayettef has
'j«en mustered out and the post is gone
' forever it will be found that' the T record-
Ingi angel has given them t more'good'
marks * for « their -work " in spreading , the
; flag ,* and {. teaching" patriotism than they
c earned when " they risked their lives on '
i'ihe 'field of battle/ \
vices has now beeomeso important and
attained such proportions that it- has been
committed to a flag, association specially
created for the purpose. * -•
The | activity of its members is shown by
the following statement 'of | flags given, as ¦
"told by Mr. Blascheck: , ;
¦";¦ •December- 30, 1838, !• Junior Vice Com
mander Allen C. . Bakewell reported that *
I he had Just returned from . Porto BJco.
» where he had distributed 300 flags to the
['schools of that island in .the name of La
v fayette-*Po.st." ¦ . ¦ • . ' ' ' :
| January 19i* 1899, post ,voted , to send
more flags to Porto'Rico for schools, mak
( in;all. r .6pd 1 \\V.' ; '¦'¦, ''*"-V_;
' . " January-; 27, flag : presented ' to Grammar
Bohool NO..85, Borough of Manhattan.
February fla 8 to st - s Luke's Boys'
But Lafayette Post, having accom-^
pllshed this much,, does not feel further
inclined to influence legislation. To set
the youthful minds upon high Ideals
through the flag work is their favorite .
¦method. This branch of the post's. ser-,
Viewed- in this way It is easily seen
what an inestimable blessing will be con
ferred upon the coming generation in 1
teaching them that self-reliance without
which none can feel themselves whole, j
true men. . . ' , .
and carries with him to, the 'end, always,
the better for them.
Besides, there Is -no easier way to get
peace than to light for it. The true cow
ard knows no peace; he is always in a
state of. terror and alarm, which is worse
than that of actual battle, for it is the
jdrcad feelingr of anticipation — a thousand,
times worse than the reality.
The value of military training, asida .
from use in warfare, Js eueh as to render
it highly desirable, Promptness, ebedl.
ence, correct bodily carriage all become
second nature and are acquisitions that
none can overlook. No matter what walU
in life one may pursue or how, strongly
hie wishes may run toward peace; these'
sxe tha thins* whicli the soldier learnt
penees of the officer ee detailed.
generation how to defend It and to love
to defend it. To teach above all things
what the flag represents— the love of coun
try.
Pardon bringing- In again the old lines,
eo worn that like the battle scarred flag
they have almost lost their color, but.
Breathes there the roan, with soul so dead,
"Who never to himself hath eaid.
This is my own. my native land!
If such there breathe, eo, mark him well —
That last line tells the work of the post.
To the border lines of the country, to the
slums of the city, anywhere that the
breeze of patriotism too faintly stirs the
flag, the members of Lafayette go with
bunting prepared and speeches impromptu
to fan the spark of country love.
Buying flags and presenting them to
schools, sending new flags to Cuba, Porto
Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines, haa
been the fad of Lafayette Post.
Its members have constituted them
selves missionaries of the Star-Spangled
Banner. "Wherever fate or the fortunes of
war have carried the flag metaphorically
they have carried in reality the starred
banting; hoisted it with their own hands
to the sight of eyes that had never before
rested upon It; waved It over heads into
which entered no comprehension- of Its
meaning, and then » laboriously, taught
them what it meant and how to treat it
and salute it ; .
A piiy it Is" that all of, this good work
sbosld go so far afield. There are many,
cf us who think we know the flag. vl»o
have never yet felt under it one genuine
thrill of patriotism of the kind that the
American traveler in a far and troubled
land feels at Its sight.
An Instance of this, to show what flag
hunger, country home-sickness, can be. ' '
A petite Californienne living not long In
her native State went with her parents to
Australia. Having been there some time
she was one day found In the front parlor
of a neighbor's house, tearing her lace
bonnet to pieces In frantic effort to get
It off her head. The lady inquired the
reason.
"There It is," she said. "I>on't *oo see
It? There's the flag. Take off 'oo hat.
Do<5 b'ess Stars and Stripes!"
Those ideas were not of course original
In her own little head, but they showed
how strong must have been the feelings
cf those about her. and how often ex
pressed, in order to impress her so forci
bly with that patriotism which -we at
home never know.
To kaow and to love the flag and what
It represents is not all; there must also
be the ability to defend It. Without that
possession, love of the flag would but
cause pain and might become a mockery.
Lafayette Post knows that what the
thousand years past have been the thou
sand years to come will be.
Wars grow greater rather, than less.
The men of the G. A. R. saw the greatest
battles the world ever knew. Ther saw
more men fall on one field than iSnglanf i
has lost In all the battles she has had
irlnee that of Trafalgar.
The men of peace say that this can
never again be, for the world has become
more civilized. But do they remember too
that we are Just now engaged in stirring
op the uncivilized part of the world?
That by the way is still the largest.
After teaching the love for :ne flag.'
there naturally follows the military In
struction. To this end, Lefavette Tost
has worked in Congress until it secured
during the last cession a law which v/an
almost unnoticed at the time, but trill
bar* a great. Influence In molding the
<5<-Btiry of the country.
The act itself was recently read ' at a
meeting of General Thomas Post, by
Comrade Joseph Blasebeck, sergeant
major of Lafayette Post, who is at pres
ent In Ban Francisco on business con
nected with the G. A. R.
Th« provision* of the act are, in sub
stance, that hereafter any organized In
stitution of learning may, by applying to
th« War Department, be furnished with a
military instructor detailed from the reg
ular army, who shall reside at and give
all of his time to the school.
It ha» heretofore been the custom of the
Department of War to extend this favor
to schools applying, as in the case with
our own University of California, but it
has been merely a voluntary courtesy, ;
Now, through the good offices of La
fayette Post In securing the passage of
the bill, the War Department is compelled
to supply an instructor to any school, col
lege or academy which will comply with
the regulations provided and pay thaex- '
self -Imposed. One is to spread the Ameri
can flag. Another is to teach the rising
V" A lutte; c'est !a fa." said Balzac.
I - "The war: that is life— and when
I f life's strifes and contests end.
there, too. ends Its pleasure; and
sometimes even life Itself." Tha:
was the view which the createst of ro
mantic philosophers took— that while men
live they must T.sht.
' Lafayette Post No. 140. G. A. R.. knows
that the world to-day is professing peace;
knows, too. that in a thousand years past
th« god of battles has never once sheathed
his eword; knows that every minute of
time somewhere on the face of the earth
a battle, large or small. Is raging.
The eun never sets in one place but it
rises In another, and somewhere under
the sun, be It Central Asia, Central Africa.
Central America, or away off on the edge
of somewhere else, black man, white man,
red man or yellow, one or the other, or
all four of them, are fighting.
Lafayette Post has duties,' all of them
THE RICHEST G.A.R.
POST IN AMERICA4P .0HEN. a number of elephants are
\jbhiff shipped a strong , structure is
.¦.yjyff- erected on deck and thexVthey
art, atabled, chained by '.he feet,
No doubt In 'an .emergency they could
easily walk away, with their chains
( and the deck" flooring, throwing the stable
aside if It "offered ;any, impediment to tKeir
progress and. the 'door happened to be
shut. ; Elephants,*: fortuntely. 'are not al
ways putting forth? their prowess, and.the
chains in* ordinary weather and ordinary
circumstances '• keep ' them sufficiently In
check. About twenty "years ago "William ¦
Jsmrach.^who' had made a fortune,; was ;
"returning from , India .with a cargo of ele
phants,'* black panthers? ' tigers; cheetahs, •
leopards, . hyenas, . apes, . serpents. ' orang- ;
ou tangs . and ; rare birds of nil kinds. He
valued the lot 'at $35,000. The "Agra— that
was the name of the ship he was coming
home on— was 'swinging at* her anchor off
Point de. Qalle. Ceylon. ," ' , -
Suddenly- there was : heard a fearful ;
crash that gave pause to everything. The
chattering, the "J screaming, -the ' growling
w and ¦ roaring • of I the 1 animals stopped "
Animals in a Fearful Disaster at Sea
dead. The startled men looked for Just
a' moment straight in tha face of each
other. Then the exclamation, "Great
heavens, she's sinking!", was followed by
a clamor that just, blotted out the still*
ness. At one and the same moment both
man and beast seemed to realize the sit
uation, and at one and the same moment
they all began to exhibit symptoms of the
alarm they felt. In the case of the men
they were free to devise means of escape,
and they Immediately busied themselves
accordingly. In the case of the animals
they .were confined , and had to undergo
the horror of facing a death they were
powerless to avert. It is natural for an
animal to die; in combat with an enemy,
end while the combat lasts there Is hop*
of escape. There Is no facing of death
here, tha animal is otherwise engaged
engaged,.too. In a natural way. But with
the animals cooped up on the Agra, with
never an enemy ; to fight, it ' was far dif
ferent, and they gave vent to cries of un
bounded despair. The elenhanta made a
noise, too. but there was not one touch of
despair, there. .It was the businesslike
sound of crashing timber, and ' before the
Agra had . reached \ bottom a herd of ele
phants were - swlmmnjar to Ceylon! Ca»
aell's Magazine* . . ._
The Way to Conduct a Church Wedding
The other style of wedding Is for the
ushers to precede the party up the alslo
till, they reach the front pew; they then
separate \ and stand on ; each side of the
aisle two pews apart, allowing ; brides
maids to pass through j into the chancel,
• where they form a grouping, leaving room
for the ushers In the background. : The
maid of honor, follows and stands on the
left, close to the., altar rail. The groom,
who is waiting with the best man at tho
chancel steps, then steps. forward and
takes the bride's hand and leads her to
the altar, where they should kneel for a
moment.
The gentleman who Is to give away the
bride and the best man. follow after, the
best man going to the right of groom and
the gentleman who is to give- the brlda
stands directly back : of her. Then tho
ushers follow, going to right and left back
of the bridesmaids. ., 1
After the benediction, and while th*
maid of honor is arranging .the veil, tho
gentleman who gave away, the bride can
descend- from the chancel and enter the
first; pew,- or if desired he; can step aside
and allow bride and groom, maid of honor
and bridesmaids to pass and he can wall;
with the best man, followed by the ushers."
— Cnurch- Economist.- • ¦ . • - -.. '
THE most beautiful and Impressive
ceremony in the Episcopal church Is
to have the betrothal at the chancel
steps. This way renders it unneces-.
Bary for the bride to kneel till the bene
diction, which is very desirable, as it is
troublesome to do so in a wedding gown.
It also allows the gentleman who is to
give away the bride a chance to enter the
front pew, thus saving him from having
to ascend and descend from the chancel,
and also leaves him out of the recessional!
The prettiest way to arrange this style
of a wedding is for the ushers, brides
maids,'flower girls or pages to precedo
the couple up the aisle into the chancel,
separating to rlsht and left and then
forming a group, avoiding straight lines
and facing the congregation. The maid of
honor then stops on the left of the chaii
. eel step opposite the best man, who should
be there with the groom. The groom thci
steps fqrward and takes the bride's hand,
who at the same moment lets go of the
arm of the gentleman who is to give her
away, he remaining directly-back of her.
The minister ' then comes . forward an J
commences the betrothal service. . ~\-~
..; he insisted that his friends should wear
„ ¦ .their camping clothes from his house. Ono
room of his home is lined with all kinds
and conditions of suits, and there Isn't
I any . reason why everybody . should hang
on to a grip or have one kicking around
under hla heels to make tha drive a night
mare. - :
, California, has the climate and her peo
ple have shown • a fondness for outdoor
life, but only a few, a very few, know how
to make the most of every spare day.
eatchlng, and laughter always follows in
the wake of a camping party.
But it isn't a Joy forever If the tents
are stuffy and the comforts few and poor
ly arranged. That means sighing for home
and mother.
The man who has reduced the trials of
an outdoor life into a pleasure and a sci
ence, and who has made himself the envy
of his acquaintances and the petted idol
of his numerous friends is TV. L.. Prather.
He can do some phoning in the afternoon
and start on his way with a merry crowd
after dinner.
It doesn't pay to take a crowd out be
fore the inner man Is appeased. There
might be scratching and halrpulllng be
fore the tents were pitched and chops In
Bight.
How can a man take ten people out on
three hours' notice? That's just where
the science comes in: everybody knows
about the pleasure- He can, and he has
done it every week for several years. No
traveling circus has more comforts, I
doubt if half as many. Four tents, a
stove, table, chairs, cots, mattresses, and
the luxury of luxuries, an Ice-chest.
Of course the most Important part la
the wagon. He has a covered three
eeater, with extra strong springs. That
•was only a starter. He made a cupboard
. that fastened to the back seat and labeled
the numerous compartments coffee, sugar,
bread, salt, etc. Each article has Its own
Individual place and If it Isn't there it's
"good-by. Johnny."
! In^the largest place he puts granite
ware, cooking utensils and knives and
" forks. The door Is the dining table and
Is held In place by bolts. Immediately
JF TOTJ want to be Jn the swim get
an outfit and go camping. There's no
uffi hemming and hawing about It.
nnd then flying about like a chicken
with Its head cut off. In the mod rush
to gef away when your next door neigh
bor does. Oo at It rationally and coolly,
because If you pretend to be up with the
times you "will a-camping go. '
The idea was blown Into town by a
piping hot wind several years ago, and
since that tlm* men, women and children
hav* caught It and have It In its most
ttallgnant form.
Why shouldn't it be the rage, the sud>
den fancy of the hour?
There are reasons and reasons for the
sudden revival of tha' old-tlmn custom.
The average camper doesn't care to men-?
tlon /health nn<1 the portirttiook In tha
eame breath, but Ihe pair travel together
find make a fine team,
Ther* Is mora muh than poetry in the
words pf an Pid upholsterer who wan*
<len with Mi family during tha warm
symmep months, "Campln', eh, I^erdy,
yu>, That's <h* defeat, All <h« rheumaUs
end mean feellm hunt!* out et the way
when there'i plenty of fresh air and soed
clean dirt ftFeund, There ain't n§ eenp«
In havlngr/ ft deetei's bill, Oil §ut In the
ff§§h alfi"
That ft Just It. Set out in the air,
Prera a health etandpeJat, eeed, elean
dlft=«iid Uk»f§ ig a dlfferenee between
dlft iiid dlft^aiid ff#eB kit work wen»
deffi, Nature, t66, appeals itrefigly td
mdfet t>#epJe, and n beautiful mefning in
the W66ds gives a»glad«t6-be^allve fefel«
ttg. Lbirfell tlftderetdod this iwhett he e«idi
Jcy ewnea, srtef goea, we know not hotri
everything 1» happy now,
Eventhlng It upward itrlrint!
•Tit «» easy now for the heart to be true
Ait for sraes to be gTeen or sklei to be blue—
'Tls the ratural way of living, j
And then the funl It e«ems positlvebii
under this Is the-lce-chest, ana by Us side
ewlngs and sways the gasoline Btove. No
camp (Ire to nil the *yes with amoke and
reward one's labor* with burns. That
answers beautifully for storytelling at
nlRht.
As one may. Imagine space Isn't wasted.
; This InRfnloua man didn't want to carry
more small packag^a than wcro abBoJutely
necessary, so lie attached smaller, cMei
to the sides. One Is used for medicines,
cotton and bandages In: case of sn acci
dent ,and the other Is used for stakes,
ropes, extra harries?™ and the like,
The Inslda renembJes' an arsenal, fnr.
Runs,' pistols and nxes line tha walld.
nelts fllltd with cartridges end nn or
caulonal Unlfe Jiang by tlie Hide of num
erous bullseye lanterns,
Tha seats ore soft and high, for (ha
Mnnkets are slowed flWBy under Ihe pen*
pie, When (he drive Is long, nnrt nnld
|h«y dp double rimy end serve no roli.-a
find wrip», A pillow fills the empty np»ra
mwm (tie ii§5k and Hie wfli,' fnr Mp,
I'rafher ituiiavts in making till kh» «ib ai
pomfGHflfola ai iioBJii.ie,
And what d§ yay think th« feststflflls
are? One of the thinp that make Ufa
werth Jiving In the wilrti. 6flt»f They flfa
tiflndVifef they take «p ever eo little fsqiW
and ar§ Infliiltely myfe eemfoftsbli than
tneth§r «?ai th,
The leyflglnf and dining chairs af« ear»
Fi§d In the deg wagQn, That §eund§ her«
fjbly swill' fer a camping trip, but re»
member thii IB the swoIIppI outfit 6fl thn
ronst and you ate lucky if jou even get
a 166k at It, >
The weiron idfl't SQ large nor 69 droad
fi lj- pxpenelvw.
ny tha w«y, th«s# dogs have a private
t«nt, too. Biood»d animals havs such an
Mnoylflf way of catching cold, funning
up a do«tor's bill and then eventually dy
ing, that an eunee of preventive was
A hex divided into two tlen and eov«
•fed With ft Wlf# flettlnf k6epi tn» m#Afl
tut dots apaft.
One small tent suffices. Cot» are not In
as treat favor aa canvas bars. Unless a
cot has a mattrewron.lt, the weather is
very apt to get decidedly breesy about 4
a, m, One double' bag with a mattress
and a double blanket makes aa snuf a
hur-ln-a-rug as anybody would car* for.
Bo the entire list narrows down to: Small
tent, canvas bat, fcaddlnf , two atooja,
stove and combination' table, dishes and
snaking utensils, provisions, guns, water
oi>Mnfe-s would rtfUS* to work If thay ha.1
to fellow Ihi wifen, sa'thtf havt * wsn-
OB aipeoNlly 'dtllff!l64 tdf fh«m, I& l«
known to tha fnHum*.* m (ho "dot e&tih*
«f's wagofl," and as It only e&rrlM two
peeplt eotflfoftftbl/, th« driver md on*
6th«F« th#r# !i i fraud lerftfflute to get
thef* first.
voured In a< minute. Buckskin suits,
stout boots and soft felt hats for the men
and brown wash cov«rt suits made In one
piece; knee boots and .a large, soft hat
that will shield the eyes from sun or rain
for the ladles, are by, far the most sensi
ble* durable and comfortable things that
can be worn. '** " ¦¦ ¦ '
An outfit for two is built almost on the
same plan. I The back of the woiron should
be converted into a combination pantry
and kitchen.
tnought better than an ormee of mv.
The Uttle wagon carries all the food for
Its occupants, the horns, a run or. two and
th* badge of the camper, a water pall.
When camp Is struck It certainly could
not help being the envy of any strolling
gypsy band.' It Is absolutely complete. It
makes quite a showlnar. as there ar* tour
tents, one large one for the ladles, two
smaller ones for the men, a kitchen and
an awnin* that makes a fins dlninj-room.
And that does not Include the dogs' houao,
either.
The stove la aet up on ita Jaekknlfa I'm
and the table dpened out. Then th* door
of th* cupboard is switched off and th*
pantry backed up to suit th* cook's eon*
venienca, and all t» ready to prapara •
hearty meal, for somehow people want
more out In th* open air than they do at
home,
Hy the time beds *rn made, th* table
Mt, Angn fed end half !&• P*fty I'M been
flvsr the h!U» m nvim tt w%?«r, •wry*
hnAy (I ready ti> An hU hast, and th«n
Alt lit by a Ja|jf rampftr* >ln*1n* «n,1
Niif hlng- until "imi Ihnmhtful MUl §tjd>
<1«n|y r«memhef4 |M 4 o'bIorW \n the
mernfuf «om§« around In ft hurry.
gviryteedf Is up t© ft e&ndltllgbl iifwu.
fait, Afld hafil Afld iffffi 4JiftW#I# ft! *
fuHflus »!#, fdP i tramp edfifiBf *iiy«
wfctfa fr&n ilftfrsn to tw«flty mli## raeafli
h&fd wofK, ajxS wot t»« unto th* unf<mti
nat§ Wh» fall* &/ tfi» Wstfild* Th#
hetinaY bar* afld b-diam h ttifn-4 loom
until tas eh&ae la eotnmtfaed* Then ail la
8U11 laV« tfi« bayln* Of tha houndi afld an
occasional shot.
About I o'clock camp it •truck at*t»
and everybody promptly goes to sleep
whlla dinner la being prepared.
And then It Is time to go horn*, tot Mon
day morning means work for everybody.
In less time than one can Imagine, tha
wagons are packed, horses hitched and
the little party steal Arab-Ilk* away.
• air. Frather mad* a clever more when
THE; ./SUNDAY ;, ,OALIi.
HOW TO BUILD A
CALIFORNIA
GAMPING W AGON.
2
Most amateurs make the mistake of
carrying along: stuff that takes up space
and is forever getting lost. The list of
essentials that serve admirably for ten
people Is very small. . For Instance: Four
tents, ten cots, bedding, ten chairs, flvo
lounging chairs, table, gasoline stove, ice
chest, dishes, provisions,' towels, lanterns,
medicine, axes, suns.
Really nothing more is, absolutely neces
sary. If the trip is to be a long one, of
course, wearing apparel must^ be added
and much of the precious room Is de-rroai; a. Painting by
W. A- COULTER,
The Call's Marina Artist. < .
San Francisco is said to be second only
to London in the amount of gambling done
in. this line and in the line of reinsur
ance. .
The ' marine insurance agent figures hi3
loss on the John McDonald. As the days
count up on the overdue list his frown
becomes fixed. It looks as if the insur
ance was up to him.
"An overdue-ship gambler wanders in.
His frown abates when the gambler goes
out. He has confirmed the . following
agreement made by the insurance com
pany: 'V; •
"I confirm having made the following
agreement with you «.n regard to the ship
John McDonald," which sailed from Balti
more for San Francisco, now out 250 days '
"That If said vessel arrives at her desti
nation as above I shall pay you the sum
of $1000 in United States gold coin: if said
vessel does not arrive at her destination
as above, as soon as she is known to-be
lost or is posted as 'missing' at Lloyds
London, you shall forfeit to me the sum
of $900 in United States gold coin. Please
confirm and oblige. Yours very truly
"MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY "
If the ship is lost the 5900 goes to pay
the $1000 insurance, and the insurance man
is only $100 out. ' . ,
Some study the weather "and the sea
worthiness of the ship during the time she
is out. and they bet from a scientific
standpoint! while with others it is merely
a eame of chance. The game endod last
week when the John McDonald was taken
off the list as uninsurable.
The Pactolus sighted the John McDon
ald off the Horn. The captains of the two
ships were brothers. They had not seen
each other for ten • years. The vessels
drew up and the brothers went; on board
each other's ships. They were both bound
for this port. The John McDonald was a
fast sailing vessel, the Pactolus ¦ a slow
one. ¦. ;¦• , .-.--. ¦ • . ¦ . ¦
When ' the Pactolus landed Captain
Watts' first question was, "When did the
John McDonald get in?" . . ; .
"She has not arrived,", was the answer.
! The Pactolus went north, came •¦ back
and Is -now- on -her..- way "to South Africa,
and still "the John McDonald has not ar
rived," and probably never will. ;
If the ship came around therHorn, the
usual passage from Baltimore, she is long
THE winter Just passed fcas proved
one of the most disastrous in the
annals of our merchant marine.
"The Pacific Ocean," declares an
old salt, "has forfeited her right
to her peaceful name by the way she has
tcted this last winter."
During the months of November and
December and the early part of January
furious gales raged not only off this coast
of the Pacific but off the Japan coast as
well.
A record of disasters of the Pacific Is
kept at our Merchants" Exchanga In It
you will find stories of wreck and horror,
loss of life and miraculous escapes, of
ehips that have never been heard from
efter clearing port— others which have
caught fire during terrific sales, and some
that have been spoken, but never reached
their haven; accounts of dismantled and
dismasted hulks, which have put back
Into port for repairs after battling for
days and weeks without getting- one hun
dred miles away.
Many bound for other ports have com©
Into our harbor in distress— warpfd,
leaky, rudderless and inoperative— mute
witnesses of the rigor and might of our
yeaeeful sea.
This calamity book disposes of an acci
dent in a few words; and yetUhe disaster
record of our last winter covers . many
papes. And full of weird interest it is,
to.-».
The night clerk of the exchange often
takes down the great volume and pours
over its cold, impassive pages, and let me
tell you he is no mean criterion of the
kinks and crochets of bis Majesty El Pa-
CifiCO. •">'."-• •
Here are a few accounts of the dis
tressed ships that have entered this port
durimr the past winter:
Decrmber 26, 1000. the British ship
Cro.martvshire put in from Astoria with
a. cargo "of wheat and barley. December
15 she encountered a terrific sea, which
threrv her on beam end, her starboard
cide being completely submerged. Three
thousand bags of fcarjey were jettisoned
to right her and still she listed 40 degrees
when she entered the harbor. The crew
was working neck high In water, but re
mained at the pumps until the moment ot
lai.dingr.
The misfortunes of the 'United States
transport Sherman are Interesting. • From
her logbook we learn that on December
17 she struck a typhoon which tore'off the
roof of the staterooms on the hurricane
deck, twisting the iron stanchions and
Jamming the roof up against the smoke
stack. '
Early last fall the German bark J. C.
Pfluger. Captain Hoover, bound for
<3ueenstown, put back in distress. About
110 miles south-southwest of San Fran
cisco ehe struck a whirlwind. Her main
topmast and main topgallant mast, lower,
mizzen and topmasts were carried away.
In Jailing they smashed two small boats
and ekids. Her logbook says that it took
the crew nine hours to clear away tho
•wreckage. "Bent a new foresail," the log
continued* "and laid a course for the
coast to reach nearest port. Drifted down
coast at 6 a. m. past Point Conception
with signals set for assistance. Picked up
by eteamer Greenwood ten miles off the
Santa Barbara coast and was towed into
port at Santa Barbara."
She remained there five days and was
finally towed into our harbor by the tug:
Relief. She- was repaired anil sent' out
again to face the mighty Pacific. In a
few. weeks she came limping back into
port dismasted, her cargo of Hour darn
aged by a leak In her hold. She was then
given up by her owners and soM at public
auction at the Merchants' Exchange for
$15,250. . • ¦
About this time the steamer W. H. Km-,
ger, bound from San Francisco to Santa
Barbara, while "^nterlne the Santa . Bar
bara channel, was caught in a gale from
the southwest, and driven twenty miles
from shore. She sprung a leak ¦while bat
tling against the gale and listed at an
angle of 45 degrees. She seemed about to
turn turtle. They jettisoned 150,000 feet of
lumber to right her. She was towed into
San Francisco harbor and taken to the dry
dock for repairs.
The steamer South Portland caught flre
•while unloading her (cargo of lime at the
Pacific-street wharf. It was raining.
Some of her hatches N were open, the
lime caught fire and the San Francisco
fire department was called and finally
sank the vessel. Later five tugs tried In.
vain to pull her up. Finally she was raised
by the wrecker "Whitelaw, with much dif
ficulty. She was taken to the dry dock lor »
repairs and then sent into the northern
trade.
The early fall records the disaster of
the May Flint, which, on September 9, en
tered and sailed down the harbor at 8
o'clock p. m. She was loaded with coal
from Nanaimo. The water front was all
aglow and the bay was illuminated, for
California was celebrating her fiftieth an
niversary as a State and the bay ¦was as
light as day. The May Flint saw the bat
tleship Iowa ahead, but she did not know
that the Iowa had a long ram projecting
forward. In .turning to pass the Iowa she
ran against this ram, hit the Vidette and
immediately sank from sight with her
cargo.
November 9 the British ship Flintshire
Cut into our harbor in distress. "The wind
lew a gale off Point Bonita," the record
states, "which washed away the life
boats and wrecked the starboard fore
castle—washed off everything portable
from the decks. Hurricane and terrific sea
continued: all hands employed cutting
away ¦ wreckage; used oil to keen sea
down." . ¦ .
Many mariners were wrecked outside
the heads and along the coast before they
could reach a harbor.
The steamer Cleone, bound from San
Francisco to Eureka, was driven ashor©
December 7, near Point Gorda. The cao
tain and crew were compelled to abandon
her. ' She floated off at high tide and was
last seen, badly -water-logged, about five
miles from Point Gorda.*
Danger has . made playthings .of, th©
ships of the PaciflcXSome, in her wrath,
she has annihilated utterly and' some on
the point of destruction have been miracu-
lously snatched from oblivion after own
ers, sweethearts and gamblers l;ad given
them up for lost and mourned acconlins
to the varied lights in which the disarttr
Js seen in the domestic and commercial
world/ An overdue vessel makes the gam
bler smile contentedly. Bartenders, ship
builders, barbers and merchants _et with
one another as to whether the ship vili
land or be posted as misslne.
Daily they crowd around the Merchants'
Exchange and watch, some with a smile,
others with a frown, the boarrl which says
in blackand white;
overdue, but many of the gamblers rea
soned that she encountered adverse winds
off the Horn and went around by way of
the Cape of Good .Hope, in which case she
is expected soon, N for she left Baltimore
September 19. ¦ ,..--'_ ¦ ¦' - _•¦:¦¦
She is -a. well-built steel ship, In charge
of a veteran navigator. She carries a car
go of coal, and the only danger appre
hended by these sanguine ?'gamblers' Is
that a fire might have caught in her hold.
The safe arrival of the French, bark
Grand Duchess Olga ended a neat little
insurance gamble in this city. She left
here many months ago and was compelled
to put into Tahiti, dismasted and leaking.
"While she was in the land of the over
dues an unknown vessel was reported, on
the reefs lnvthe South Seas. Many thought
It was the French bark. The commercial
market was . astir. Now that she has
landed It is still astir, for the question is
now: What missing, vessel . is It that
stranded on. the reefs In the South Seas? >
. The barkentine Monitor was 1 posted ja$t
week as overdue. She left Grays Harbor,
"Wash., March 23, bound for this port.with
a cargo, of lumber., ¦ Captain Donelly and
wife were on board. Nothing has ever
been seen of the. Monitor from' the .time
she left Grays Harbor. , ¦-.:?¦'; , ;¦- .' .
The most mysterious disappearance of
the winter was that of the bark Andrada,
She sailed from Santa Rosalia, Mexico,
November 12, 1D00, : destined for Portland,
Or. She was a steel bark of almost 3000
tons register and was well fitted. to com
bat the fiercest storms. She was built in
1891 and was owned by the Andrada Sail
ing Ship Company- of. England. ' .
Severe' storms raged at intervals along
the coast, but when the Andrada ¦ : ap
proached the mouth of the Columbia Riv
er there was a comparative, calm. Pilot
Cordina ) of Astoria boarded her and ; al
most immediately a gale sprung up and
drove her northward out to sea, never to
return. That was . on December 11, and
ship,- crew and. pilot are yet. to ;be heard
from. .,-¦ • ¦¦¦ '¦•• ' • '¦"¦ •¦. r ".-I". ~r.-* : x ¦¦ . ¦ ¦•;
: She was a. sister ship. to the Andelana;
which just about, a ! year before turned
turtle in " Tacoma /harbor, going - : to the
bottom ;wuh • nineteen : of : her crew. 1 on
board. <• -. ; ¦ ; :..¦-'
. . Fully as mysterious a fate as the An
drada is shared by the Rathdown, another
British, ship. Captain H. W. Dyke. -She
also was made of steel and registered 2058
tons. October 4 she sailed in light ballast
from- /Yokohama. Her charter ¦, read,
"Wheat— Portland." , * ... • .
Nothing' has, ever "been beard of. her
Bines' fh© hour she left port, and she Is
supposed to have been lost In a typhoon
that was raging off the coast. For months
the Rat hd own was held at 90 per cent re
insurance, and then was entirely removed
from quotation as not relnsurable. Boon,
after she was posted at Lloyd's as miss-
Ing, and the underwriters have settled
with her owners for. her, as they have also
for the Andrada. - . '
The British bark Bertha, 2985 tons,, is the
third that the. Pacific storms have swal
lowed. She also was a stanch steel ship,
but steel and iron, earth's strongest met
als, .were held- in derision last .winter by
the relentless Pacific.
¦ The Bertha, Captain Brunings. sailed
from Honolulu October 24, for Portland,
in light ballast. What became- of her none
will ever know until the ocean gives up
it3 dead. She was quoted at 90 per cent
for -months, but none cared to buy her to
arrive. Now she is posted at Lloyd's as
missing. ' _
The British "bark Cape Urath, 199S tons
register, Captain Hart, left Callao on No
vember^ for Astoria, Or. Her story will
never be written save as it Is summed up
in the brief word "missing.',' -
On January 24 a " vessel I was spoken off
the mouth of the Columbia River, but as
nothing - more -'was- heard concerning it,'
some mariners have concluded .that the re
ported speaking was, an error; others hold
to the belief that it was the Cape Urath,
and that she was swept northward in the
storm and' shared ; the same fate as the
¦Ancirada. • * .-¦¦¦
-A thrilling novel of adventure and dan
ger could, be woven about the Pyrenees,
which was burned at sea.
• The Pyrenees was a British four-mast
ed" steel bark of 2169 tons register. She
sailed from Tacoma October 14, with a
cargo of barley and: wheat for England,
valued; at- $78,784. The first week in' No
vember she encountered a hurricane gale
in' midocean. i In trying to combat" It she
was driven far off her course. While the
storm was- at the 'height of its* fury, a
fire -which had -been smoldering in her
hold tor days matte- its pres'ence : known.
I The - Pyrenees was . then S crossing I the
equator." On ; consulting his ¦ charts. Cap
tain Bryce found that ¦ they "were in mid
ocean. 1 -' The 'nearest land was Uhe Mar
quesas Islands, -,S90 'miles? distant to the
southwest, but ;the :* wind was against
them; so the captain headed ; his bark to
ward Pitcairn 1 Island," one of 'the Gambler
group, 1700 miles- distant, where live the
descendants of the mutineers of H. M. S.
= Bounty. -:¦¦,:. •'.':¦ '.¦•'"' • ' : -:
• • -¦ November 6 the : hatches < were battened
down and hermetically .sealed. ¦ -. . ;
s It took. twelve days to reach the Island.
One'of the crew declares that during this
'time ¦ life - oh • board was' a /veritable hell.
• Her steel - beams . were : warped • nigh unto
bursting.' ¦ Addedv to the heat of the ver
tical sun* was the fear that ¦ the fiery.fur
nace^beneath might , break forth ¦ any mo
ment/and lick up the , frail , wooden • super
• structure. .-Half the crew were sick from
i the theat sand all were in the last extremi
ties of despair.;. .'-¦: ¦• ; V -•-.¦¦..:.¦'.-.;.
When they, reached the Gambler group a
new misfortune awaited .'them. '
A.winu" suddenly t>prung up? altering the
chip's course. It Increased In violence,
making it impossible to effeot a landing.
The burning vessel beat about the island
Pitcalrn for two days, then the captain
headed for Magna Reva in the Paumotu
group, 300 miles away. . •'"..• ¦
By this time life on board was almost
unbearable. The ship had become a fur
nace.. Several of the crew put off In small
boats, preferring to take their chancea
on 'the ocean. ¦ .> . ¦ " •
In four days Magna Reva was reached
and the burning vessel was driven on the
beach. Scarcely had Captain Bryce and
the remainder -of .his crew left the ship
before the flre burst forth from the -hold. .
The castaways were picked up by a
passing schooner and taken to Port Plrle,
where they secured passage on the steam
er Australia for San Francisco, reaching
here on Februarv- B. ' . • •
-The Pyrenees, cost $150,000. "What. was
left of her was sold at auction to a com
pany of San Francisco , stevadores for
$295, but nothing has ever been don«swith
her. •- . ...•'-'•¦
"While thla tronical storm was ruling
the South Pacific the North Pacific's rec
ord also shows wreck after wreck.
The Pacific Steamship . Company's
floating palace. City of Topeka; bound
from Skaguay to Seattle, was wrecked
off the Alaskan coast. ' . ¦
Her. log describes the storm as "one of
the worst gales Jinown in the north, a
terrific wind accompanied by a blinding
snow and sleet. The seas 'were. mountains
high and navigation was impossible." She
was deserted by. her 'passengers and crew.
Just one week later, on December 15,
the steamer Alpha, bound for Yokohama,
en route from Victoria. B. C, was totally
wrecked on the reels off Union Bay.
Eight lives were lost, Including tho
managing owner, the captain, the purser,
the first and second engineers, two ' abl»
seamen and an unknown stowaway.
A furious gale was raging. In the dark
ness she ran on the. rocks .in Baynea
Sound, at the entrance to Union Bay. She
groaned and creaked her warning to the
passengers and 'crew and. in a few mo
ments was dashed topleces. ',, -->
¦All would have perished but for the
bravery: of /an unknown and unnamed
hero, /one of-*the crew, who .suddenly
leaped' out into the •¦ darkness and? swam ¦
through: the raging sea fronvthe fast sink
ing ship with a line to the lighthouse -on
Yellow Island Rock., .. ; . ,; ,
Twenty-five of those on board succeeded
in reaching safety. The other seven and
the 1. unknown stowaway . remained'^ on
board till the last and went down with the
steamer. ¦ , ' - .'•-¦:,
The Alpha had- quite an interesting his
tory, for she was a notorious craft in the
North Pacific. She was an English vessel
and had been brought around the : Horn
,to - enter the Alaskan * traffic at the time
of the sold fever. -'..'
She 'landed, freight and .passengers at
Nome'and gotinto serious trouble • with
the i United States t revenue '•¦ officers ¦ there.
She -was ordered;', seized;.; should 8he>. be
caught in American waters by.the revenue
cutters. . ¦ : -., --"¦, ¦¦¦ -•¦*¦ ;
Her usefulness thus Impaired, her, own-
ers decided to take her to the Orient *nfl
sell her if possible. A- few days after her
wreck delayed Information from Washing
ton was received stating that th« United
States Government had decided to «mov«
the ban from the Alpha, ,
The ill-fated 'Alpha made on© start sev
erar days before her wreck, but had to
put into Victoria with a broken feed-pipe
and several feet of ¦water in her hold. A
number of her officers and crew deserted,
declaring that she was unseaworthy.
Her chief engineer was among the,de
serters.' He was sentenced to six months
in jail and was serving his time 'when th«
Alpha was wrecked.
The Lane, also a Nome trading steam
er, was caught In the same storm. When
she came back for repairs the men In th«
engine-room- were working In water to
their waists; and the water had become,
so heated from contact with the boil
ers that the engine-room was filled with
suffocating steam. .
Great consternation was felt for th«
ship Ardnamurchan. She left Vancouver
bound • for Liverpool with a cargo of
salmon. Some days afterward a num
ber of cases of salmon were washed up
on the Oregon coast. These cases wera
of that particular brand carried by thev
Ardnamurchan, and when nothing 'was
heard from her mariners took this as
evidence that she was lost. On April 12.
when she was out 140 days, she was
spoken. Later she landed and discharged
her cargo, and the faces of the gamblers
of the Pacific fell, as did also their finan
cial standing. ' .
There are three dismasted ships now In
our harbor— all German ships.
¦ They are the Edmund, the "WUlle Rlck
mers and the Otto Gildermelster. They
were bound to other ports, and »er»
towed Into San Francisco harbor. in dis
tress. ' *
Another ship lies at the bottom of th»
bay, as yet unaccounted for. . Her fata Is
shrouded in mystery. The Rio struck upon
rocks at the entrance to our harbor tlie
morning of the 22d of February.
The ship Elizabeth just ten rears be
fore on the night of the 21st of February
struck tipon these rocks and ¦was wrecked.
The captain and a number of her passen
gers'and crew were lost.
The last chapter of the phantom shlj>
Rio de Janeiro has been 'written In this
matter-of-fact . log "book of fat© at the
Merchants' Exchange. The most awful
sea .disaster of the year Is disposed of aa
follfcws:
"December 14. 1900. the Rio sailed from
this port bound for Honolulu. I
" "February 2, 1901. The Padflc Mall
steamship Rio de Janeiro -while entering
port in a . dense fog this morning from
Honolulu. , • Yokohama - and Hongkong
struck on a ledge of rock off Fort Point
about 5:20 and sank twenty minutes later.
The vessel will be a total loss. One hun
dred and thirty-one lives were lost oat of
211 aboard. The Rio wm In ohargra of
Captain » Ward, who . was drowned.* Pilot
Jordan was on board." .-...
- Capital, ¦ mediums and • scientists hare
been unable to add anything further.
•J, ¦¦ , ISABEL. FRASEB.:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
• MOST' FATAV. WINTER
FOR THE SAPORS- '
POSTED AS "MISSING"
DISASTROUS WRECKS
OF TH5. PACTFTC
3
pjg Wf'^'Ck
OVERDUE LIST.
Days
VESSEL* From. To. Out. Rats
Jno. McDonald Baltimore San Fran. 250 90%
OVERDUE LIST.
Days
VESSEL* From. To. Out. Rats
Jno. McDonald Baltimore San Fran. 250 90%\- "The Temper; Cure,", by : Stanley Ed-'
wards Johnson,, Is essentially : a work : of
the imagination and ' a bit! of ; fiction, be
yond the possibilities perhaps of the world
of fact, still It has: its serious as well as:
Its comic vein. The hero; a poor, physician, 1
has a dream . of life which is in itself j es
sentially selfish. ¦, His life ,< ambition ;' is to
be rich, rich almost beyond the } dreams of
avarice. -j. He is as .misshapen and .unat
tractive as one can well imagine," land the
idea of his even haying a patient amounts
almost to ' the "impossible.* 1 Yet : his | life
The Temper Cure.
.'"Ten Years in Cossack Slavery" is >
novel by Julian Jaslencyk on the tyranny
by the emissaries of the Czar in Siberia
and the sufferings of a patriotic Pole.
Mrs. Mankowski.the translator, is a dili
gent and successful student of Polish let
ters and -has, faithfully and graphically
rendered the original into English in this
version. The condition of Poland, 'and
incidentally of Russia; is here vividly por
scribed; while at the f same time j life in
the penal ' colonies of Siberia is so por
trayed .that the reader readily fancies
himself an inmate of them. Thrilling pas
sages abound and the recital,': though
based on truth, reads like Dumas' account
of the earlier adventures of Edmond
Dantes before he escaped from the living
tomb "in Marseilles. (Published by "The
Abbey.Press,* New York. Price $1 25.) "**, 1
Ten Years in Cossack Slavery.
While the mare like a meteor past him shot;
But I clove 'his skull with a hackstroke clean.
For the glory of God and of Gwendoline.
¦ -And right in my path their sergeant got.
How our Jackboots Jarr'd, how our stirrups
cla&h'd, „"' ¦¦.'...• . . ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦'.
Suddenly snorting, she .launched along;
Eo the osprey dives where the seagulls dart,
Bo the falcon swoops where .the kestrels
thronj;
And full in my front one pistol flash' d.
;His lines are' pregnant with the senti
ment of a trie lover of nature — one who
appreciates the life-giving dash afield on
the back of some superb thoroughbred
with the crisp air of dawn whistling about
his ears, following the # hounds with. merry
clatter and din, or even swinging a good
blade in the grim pursuits of war.- .
Here Is a verse from "The Romance of
Britomarte," which ..will give a glimpse of
the author's power of word painting. The
picture, set forth in the last two lines is
not very cheerful, but it would be difli
cult to find a better-selection of words for
the expression of the tliought:
Not a bullet told upon Britomarte; ;
"Religion does not consist in erecting
temples or attending worship." (Published
by the Baker & Taylor Company, New
York. Price 50 cents.)
Racing Rhymes.
There are some splendid lines in a little
volume entitled - "Racing Rhymes and
Other Verses," by the late Adam Lindsay
Gordon. These hase been selected and
arranged by T. 0. Guen and published in
the usual good taste of R. H. Russell, the
New York publisher.- :.
Mr. Gordon possessed the art and gen
ius of the true, poet. His verses have all
the metrical swing and perfect poise that
show the practiced hand of. the, master
of poesy and yet the mechanical process
of rhythm in noway hampers the expres
sion of the thought. '
through space and at last penetrate the
whole human race.
Story of Little 2Tell.
"The Story of Little Nell,", by Charles
Dickens; and edited with an introduction
by Jane Gordon, is, the latest addition to 1
the series of Eclectic School Readings, so
¦widely and favorably known to teachers.
It comprises the groundwork and much
the larger portion of "The Old Curiosity
Shop," and is given In the present vol
ume just as Ltfckens, wrote It, but freed
[from .the various episodes and other pas
sages originally employed to introduce
other characters. .The story, thus abridg
ed and confined solely to the relation of.
.the pathetic .adventures, of its,. heroine,
t will appeal especially to young .readers.
- _' ¦ ' k ~ ' -." ¦•'"<¦..'.'¦... .¦" .¦ . . j*
-The two concluding chapters are devot
ed to the fall of Pretoria and its occupa
tion.by the British. (Published by Silver,
Burdette & Co., New York. Price ?l50.)
In the author's comparison of recruits
and common soldiers the honors are with
the Americans, who 'have a vastly higher
type of individual, soldier, and one who
is the most resourceful of the world's
fighting men. The officers of the British
army come in for a scathing exposure of
inefficiency, the reasons for which are .in
herent in the British system. In this re
spect the American officer is far the su
perior of the British. In tactics also the
Americans Show to much j better advant
age.. In facilities- for handling troops on
a large scale the British are much ahead
of us; and yet whenever the practical
problems of a campaign become^ personal
to officer, or soldier the American "again
goes ahead. Although the honors seem
to be so* greatly, with the Americans, the
exceeding value and high standard of the
British, army .is .fairly presented,, and- its
deficiencies are regarded with regret rath
er than exultation. , ; ¦>'>''•.••¦
¦ The book fs' a keen, sane, and compre
hensive review of the observations of a
military specialists who have been eying
the operations of armies for a long time,
and has evidently been impartial in his
conclusions. The new recruit, the com
mon soldier in the field, the officers, strat
egy and tactics, the commissariat, trans
portation by land and sea, all receive de
tailed treatment. These discussions are
illustrated by incidents. The many pic
tures, most of them taken in South Afri
ca, are of singular clearness and value.
There are over 100 illustrations from pho
tographs taken by the author.
« *
the United States and the British armies.
At the outbreak of. the Boer war he' went
to Pretoria, and later, with Lord Roberts,
took part in the campaign of the British
troops.
<&y^ US. LUCY CLEAVER McELROY, the author of "Juletty," was
J/Y(\ ¦ *> orn in Lebanon, Ky , and has lived all j her life in that State.
*~. ~ir Her^recent book, which is reviewed on another part of this page,
is ali the"' more* remarkable when' we consider that the greater part of it
was writte^ffrom the bed of an invalid. As a girl Mrs. HcElroy joined
in all her father's sports and lived "&n out-of-doors life. This manner of
living she .kept ''. up after hsr marriage, and it. was while riding., to
founds, with her husband that she -was thrown from her horse and made
an invalid for life. She wrote "Juletty" under the most trying of cir
cumstances. While the author lay en her back or when scarce , able to
hold a pen, she picked out the words with one " hand on a typewriter.
Yet her writing is decidedly the reverse from morbid, a3 such a deplor
able state of health would warrant. She writes with a fullness of life and
joyousness that any lover of field sports might envy. "*- ;
MRS. LUCY CLEAVER McELORY.
brother of the great raider. Morgan,
which, though not a part of- the present
T7 T is almost impossible to believe that
so bright and cheery a novel as
II "Juletty" could be from the pen of an
invalid. It breathes of the field, of the
hunt, of the life and deeds of strong men
and women; and although it has its tragic
Kide, still there is not one touch of the
morbidity that generally comes from the
sickroom. j . .
Mrs. Lucy Cleaver- McElroy knows her
Kentucky and its people well. Her types
are drawn with a skilled hand and her
'scene for the action of the story is well
selected. The "Pennyrile" district, with
its mountains and forests, its ponds and
streams, and the mysterious caves, gives
the ideal place for the moonshiner with
his still of "mountain dew." For Mrs.'
McElroy's story concerns itself with the
adventures of a United States Marshal
and his last effort against moonshiners.
This attempt results fatally, but not in
that sense of the word fatal generally
accepted. The author cleverly reserves
until the last page her final surprise— and
it is worth waitine for.
The United States Marshal, son of 1 old
Kentucky mountain stock, tells the r.tory
himself; possibly for this reason he does
not make exactly the ideal hero. It is
hard for the truly heroic to keep center
et&ge fot themselves and do it gracefully.
In any event, the characters of the men
who show out most strikingly are those
ox- the grandfather and of Juletty's
cousin, Al Lincaue.
The grandfather is a distinct and fine
type. Rough as an uncut diamond, a
evrearer of prodigious oaths, constantly
grumbling, and yet with his hand ever
in his pocket to help the poor or his arm
always ready to strike for a friend.
Although Al Lincque occupies the un
enviable role of villain, be is of the mold
that goes to make heroes. His is the hand
that does most for the illicit still and
comes very near being the death of our
revenue onlcer, yet his is the arm also
that eaves Juletty from death. His na
ture is so great and so self-sacrificing that
he gives up the woman he loves because
he realizes he has not the education nor
refinement sufficient to be her mate. Al
though we know that he is in the wrong
and that had he lived he would have
taken human life without compunction,
etill we cannot but admire this honest,
rug-ged nature which is true and consist
ent to Its own standards, but not accord
ins to the conventions of a Christian
world.
There are not a great number of char
acters: In the book, but all of them pos
sess distinctive Individuality.
Old Mitch, the devoted servant of the
grandfather, is a study in himself. He
lias his own opinions on the matter of
illicit distilleries and it is amusing to see
him helping his master's grandson to ex
plore the caves in a search for contraband
liquor when all the time he himself is one
of the helpers in the still and is having
a quiet little laugh at what he considers
honest deception. Regarding moonshiners
the author says:
"To the illicit distiller of Kentucky law
is simply an autocratic usurpation of
lKiwer.by a wayward but powerful set of
men. His idea Is that every man. should
be a law unto himself, controlling, de
lending and caring for his own, and devil
take the weakest. He considers it meri
torious when he evades or thwarts such
'tyranny,' or expressed in the language of
tbe denant moonshiner:
" 'Don't nothin' pay in Kentucky sence .
ever* durned nigger's got er crap uv some
thin* cr nother. Ev* white man's fam
blcy's gotter live, an' er heap uv 'em can't
make both ends meet no "way 'cep'in'
makin' er leetle brandy.' "
The story begins with a snap right from
the start. One of tbe Kentucky moun
taineers whose distant relative has been
interfered with by our friend the Mar-
Ehal puts a bullet through that officer's
arm with no other remark than the cool
drawl: •
"Thar, dam yer!"
"Take thet, an* nex* time doncher be so
dam smart!"
The young man goes to his grandfath
er's home in the mountains to recuperate
and there finds evidences of a large still
in the neighborhood. He is not now on
duty; nevertheless the whiff of a whisky
scent is manna to his detective nostrils
and he cannot help laying plans to cap
ture the outfit.
He again meets Juletty. an early flame
of his, and finds her even more beautiful
than in the early days when as a boy
on the plantation he had given her a
lover's rinff. ¦ -^.
¦ The connection between the hero's love
for Juletty and his desire to capture the
chief of the moonshiners is closer than
he deems and the intricacies of the de
velopments which crowd Into his life make
breathless reading. •'-C;
There are several chapters which are
not in a strict sense part of the story as
a romance, yet for local color and atmos
phere, they play an important part. One
is the lynching of a negro after an excit
ing chase with bloodhounds. A descrip
tion of this kind is a delicate matter to
handle. It is so apt to be overdrawn or
lurid, but In this instance it is (presented
as a reality and without the slightest ef
fort at gallery play.
Another fine bit of description is that
of the fox" hunt, which tells of the old
master of hunt who can " say , from tho
baying of his ¦ dogs Just when the . game
Is started and where it ¦ is. One chapter
•tells of the death of young Tom Morgan,
ing from the press of Mr. Russell and
will '¦ prove very .welcome to readers and
lovers of the stage, who can now obtain
them in a permanent form. The volume
has been given a durable and attractive
binding— otherwise ibe souvenirs which
go to make up its contents are the same
as those issued with paper, cover. ,
The first set in the book is Maude
Adams in "L'AIglon." with fine reproduc
tions of the most dramatic scenes of the
play and excellent portraits of Miss
Adams.-
Next is given a series of views of Mary
Mannering as Janice Meredith. When one
sees through th|< pictures the charming
personality and womanly grace of MIs3
Mannering it is not to be wondered at
her success.
Another dramatization of a popular his
torical novel is given in John Drew as
Richard Carvel. All these pictures have
a double Interest for they not only per
petuate excellent likenesses and poses of
leading stage favorites, but they serve as
mental reminders of" the most striking
scenes In the best fiction of the, day. ¦
An interesting series of views follows
of Annie Russell in "A Royal Family,"
as produced at the Lyceum Theater, New
York.
A splendid series of character studies
shows William GlHette as Sherlock
Holmes. Mr. Gillette certainly looks the
part as well as he acts it. He has the
ideal type of face for the hero of. Mr.
Doyle's novel— the square, strong face and
searching eyes. . •. ¦
Julia Marlowe' appears ln "When
Knighthood Was in Flower," and there
is. also given a collection of pictures rep
resenting Miss ; Marlowe in others of her
most notable impersonations. '= There is a
charming portrait . of '.her. as • Barbara
Frietchie, one as Colinette, as Viola, as
Juliet, as Lydia Languish, as Constance,
and then some haif-dozen smaller pho
tographs of other roles.
The. three-act comedy of "Brother Ofil
cers", also receives some epace.
One of the most interesting parts of tho
volume Is that devoted to Miss Nethersole
in some of the characters of her reper
toire. In addition to half-tone reproduc
tions of photographs are given some ar-.
tistic drawings of her by C. Allan Gilbert,
Malcolm Strauss Jind Forrest Halsey.
Strauss has a splendid head of her done
in charcoal, but tha full-length portrait
from life by '. Forrest Halsey . of '-: Miss
Nethersole as Fanny le Grand in "Sapho"
is really worth cutting out and framing
only that it would be a shame to mutilate
the book. '
In the section devoted to Maude. Adam3
in "The Little Miniver" C. Allan Gilbert
contributes some fine studies and ther?
is a head by Ernest Haskell and a full
length by Malcolm Strauss of Miss Adam-3
in "Rosemary" that are also deserving of
the permanence of mural decoration.un
der glass." The drawings of her as Juliet
are particularly well done.
Cissie Loftus.also has a page and then
follow.. those splendl-1 drawings by Gibson
of scenes in "Rupert -.of Hentzau" and
"The Prisoneri.<jf Zenda."?i ¦* ' ~ -;¦""*
On the last pages ipace is f given to Max
ine Elliott' in "Natiiah; Hale". 'and there
are some fine heads of Adelaide Nell3on,
Mary- Anderson, -Mrs. Potter. Ada Rehah,
Mod jeska,' Sarah Bernhardt, Henry Irving
and Ellen Terry. Coquelln and Mansfield
appear' in "Cyrano de Bergerac," ' and
there are some studies of . Henry Miller
as Sidney Carton, while the last page is
a study of Clara Lipman, from a draw
ing by Archie Gunn. (Published by R. II.
Russell, New York. Price $2 50.)
The Bohemian.
The Bohemian, a little magazine that
lives up to its name, enters with June on
the first number of its second volume.
This number should prove a good begin
ning for a new year. Though its stories
arc not long, they all possess [ the merit
of exceptional strength and interest. The
first one of the present issue is a sketch
by William Arnold, "An Olive
in which occurs a brief but pointed dia-.
logue between a young couple that decid
ed on their marriage day to. keep their
individual friends and live a f life of inde
pendence. • An incident has ¦ ¦ happened
which shows that the scheme i is not at
all times practicable and the path of true
love s"eems on the verge of obliteration,
but the author cleverly sets all right with
quits an artistic touch. £ . ¦, ¦:"•-¦
"Number 19," by S. .L. Bacon, is a long
stcry condensed in four short pages. The
climax is not just what' the reader ex
pects, but the sketch as a whole' probably
gains strength through that very point.
"When Rivals Meet," by, Edward Pay
son Jackson and Everit Bogert Terhune,
tells in dialogue of the love of Pierre and
Jean for the cay Lisette. .. It is Bohemian
Paris done to a turn. The rivals meet
Just as they are about to try another
'vcrld through the medium > of a rope's
r.oose. and their decision to make merry
v/ith the flowing bowl' instead of ' resting
in suicides' graves is quite characteris
tically French. , :
"A Blasphemous Christian" is a well
told incident in the life of a newspaper
publisher, who meets his temptation, but
is strong under the test. •
The Bohemian is filled with complete
stories of this kind that are just the thing
for short reading when there is not time'
nor. inclination offered for the perusal of
a book. The pages are further lightened
with good verses: This little magazine
as an artistic and literary success is de
seivlng of a prosperous new year and will
doubtless make many friends.
Vedanta Philosophy.
: The Swami Vivekananda, a Sannyasln
who lectured in San Francisco on Hindoo
philosophy, has just written a book en
titled "My Master," / which gives an . ac
count of the life and .work . of Param
hamsa, a Brahmin ascetic under whom
Vivekananda and his brother Sannyasins
studied the Vedas. ' ".
Emerson and j all of the transcendental
school of Concord and Brook Farm,' from
which.i came half of the names of the
American style formers, ,were eager, stu-*
dents of the Vedas, as is evidenced by the
admission's of. both Emerson and Thoreau.
Paramhamsa was the greatest modern
expounder of the Vedas in India. ,
The book marks another short step In
the long way to our comprehension of the
spirit that sways ; the mysterious East.
That they have understood : more of us
than we of them is shown by the Swami's
comparisons., '; ; . ' ! '; ;',>'.
."To the "Oriental the world of .rJoirlt ' Is
as real'as.tothe Occidental 'is the. world
\ Those who remember the forceful , ap
pearance of Vlvekananda when . he was
here' will not be astonished af the ' 3trong
expressions which ¦ he" gives,; such as tha
following:, • ' :'-",
"The babyx in his childishness^ think3
that his: doll is. the only possession to be
coveted in the whole universe. So ' a na
tion , which is -great j in s the ' possession of
material | powers : thinks . that | they .are all
that is to be coveted/ and'that if there are
other nations which do not care to possess
these powers they,' as nations,'. are not tit
to live. '• ¦¦ *-:•;' : ; ;•'•;•; '*.' ,• ' ' ; . . . ¦ ", :.
R..H. Russell of Nyw.York has just pub
lished a most attractive volume, "The Il
lustrated American Stage— A Pictorial Re
view of the Most Notable Theatrical Suc
cesses, Together With Many Drawings
and ¦ Portraits of jjj Celebrated . Players."
This . book consists ot many of . the best
theatrical souvenirs which have been com-
The Illustrated American Stage.
Of. necessity, we must pass over many
points which Mr. Vincent "dwells upon
with' interest, such as Corneille's short
membership" among the famous' "five au
thors" engaged by Richelieu to collaborate
and Jointly produce dramas under his
patronage In the salle du theater of the
Palais Cardinal. Of his private life little
is known. He seems. to hav^appeared sel
dom in the social life of his period/being
shy and, In spite of his long residence in
Paris, something of a provincial: • That
the criticism of his own day, and even of
the present day, has often been adverse
and even harsh cannot be denied,. yet Cor
neille may justly be called the father of
the higher French drama. (Price $1 each.)
After the publication of "The, Cid,"
which at this distant date is still popular
ly accepted as the cornerstone • for the
wealth of real dramatic literature that
has followed— indeed, Moliere freely con
fesses that but for Corneille 1 s guidance ho
might -never have acomplished his own
masterpieces —Corneille wrote many
dramas, the most noteworthy of which
was perhaps "Horace." . It was in' the
Galerie du Palais that Corneille first origi
nated the idea of realism in scenery upon
the stage.
The poet was only 23 when he wrote his
first play,."Melite ou les Fausses Lettres,"
a comedy in five acts, and in verse. The
chief work which threw upon Corneille
the bright light of public interest was his
drama of "The Cid," taken from the
Spanish legend repeated to him by M. de
Chalon, one time secretary to , Marie de
Medlcis. But if this drama brought him
much glory, it brought him, at the same
lime much censure, for Richelieu, who
was himself an ardent worshipper of the
muse and was known to write also, as
well as many other of the minor poets
and dramatists, grew jealous of his suc
cess, and there ensued such a war of
abusive pamphlets as has never been seen
In France since. An attacK more venom
ous than any of its predecessors, and
signed by George de Scudery, a brother of
Madelaine de Scudery, one of the pre
cieuses who flourished at that time,
brought, forth the intercession of Riche
lieu. He urged that the judgment of the
French Academy be brought to bear upon
the ¦work. Corneille reluctantly consented
to submit the drama to their mercies, and
after a careful and minute study of the
play their opinion was rendered— by 'no
means complimentary, yet far more len
ient than ¦ the Cardinal might haye de
sired.
Pierre Corneille, one of the earliest of
the French dramatists, and also a member
(although in late life) of the Academie
Francalse, lived "also in the seventeenth
century, having been born at Rouen in
1606. At 18 he was admitted to the . bar,
but although for twenty years he prac
ticed law, the' work was ever uncongenial,
and he joyfully resigned it.
That the Academie Francaise has out
lived two centuries speaks well for the
firm rock upon which it was founded. It
has passed safely through the crisis of the
French revolution, and to-day is an inde
pendent institution, representing the high
est and best culture of France.
These, preliminaries being settled, the
academy set Itself to the execution of its
main object, that of preparing a diction
ary, a grammar, a treatise on. rhetoric,
and one on poetry. It would be interest
ing to follow Mr. Vincent in his clear
summary of the trials and vicissitudes ex
perienced' during the progress of these
undertakings, t Only the dictionary has
ever seen the light of day, the first edi
tion of that not appearing, however, until
16S4.
What,, if anything, might have come of
this ideal association had not Bois-Robert,
a favorite of Richelieu, been admitted
into its circle can scarcely be imagined.
It was, however, through his influence
and much against the desires of the main
body of the society that the Cardinal be
came interested in the enterprise and ex
tended not only his patronage but his
offer to have conferred upon it, through
his influence, letters patent, making it a
public institution.- In spite of what might
have been the individual wishes of the
members, this offer was accepted—be
cause it could not well be refused — and ln
363a the -Academic Francalse became an
established fact with Richelieu at Its
head. ;
The meetings were no longer marked by
the delightful informality of earlier days. '
To give "order and form" to them, the
academicians provided themselves with ¦
officers, consisting of a director and a j
chancellor, to be chosen by lot for a; term'
of two months" each; a secretary, to be
chosen by ballot, and to hold thq position
for life, the entire membership to include
forty. -.
Certain it is that in 1629, at the house
of M. Valentin Conrart, a young man liv
ing in the Rue des Viellies-Etuves, near
Rue Saint Martin, the eight members of
the French Academy first met. The meet
ings were held once a week in the after
noons, and were carried on with all the
informality of a gathering of friends.
There were no ¦ parliamentary restrictions
or binding rules to adhere to. The mem
bers were nearly all of the same sopial
grade— that is, from, the middle class
were all devoted to the French language,
and' zealous to improve it and their own
usise of it. .
In "The French Academy" Mr. Vincent
gives a clear account of its origin, which
he ascribes largely to the Influence of
the Hotel de Rambouillet and the conver
sations that took place in its blue room,
although the honor, he says, must prob
ably be shared with Malherbe. Malherbe
held literary court in . an ill furnished
apartment and was known as the "tyrant
of words and syllables." -
I<eon H. Vincent has written two more
books of interest to students of French
literature, which will' be appreciated by
those who enjoyed his excellent work of
last year on the Hotel de Rambouillet.
These volumes are published by Hough
ton, Mifflin & Co., Boston, and are "The
French Academy" and "Pierre Corneille."
Mr. Vincent does pretend to have
given exhaustive histories in these books,
but they contain much of interest and in
formation to the student of literature in
France during the sixteenth and seven
teenth centuries. At the end of each
work is given a bibliographical appendix,'
which gives a list of the best books for
the further Information of those who
would go deeper into the subjects.
plot, loses none of Its interest as a bit of
unwritten history. .
"Juletty" makes a pleasant two hours'
reading and will appeal to those who have
enjoyed the works of James Lane Allen
and John Fox Jr. (Published by Thomas
Y. CrowelL& Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
A B. G. LATHROP.
French Academy and Pierre Corneille.
' Among the • books Doubleday, Page &
Co. are just publishing are the following:
"The Niagara Book," a "guide" of consid
erable literary excellence, in an elaborate
ly illustrated , edition for the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition year; Part. Ill of "The
Furniture of Our Forefathers," which
deals with the period* of the seventeenth
century in New England; "The Diary of
a Freshman,", by the author of '.'Harvard
Episodes," Charles M. ' Flandrau; ~ "Mas
ters of, Men," a stirring novel of [ the' sea,
by Morgan .Robertson, a foremost writer,
of sea stories, - and VThe Good . Red
Earth," by Eden Phillpotts.* ".
The June Delineator covers many varied
¦interests of the home. It shows the latest
styles for ladies, misses, girls and little
folks,- "several pages being, illustrated in
colors so as to give a correct idea of color
.combinations.; ; The. ever-practical dress
making article describes the construction
.of the newv Dl Vernoh ' waist. Summer
time comes' in for It3 'share of attention
:by special articles being. devoted to ma
terial for, cycling skirts, to summer dress
fabrics arid to a number.of new and pretty
surf' habits or- bathing suits. Summer
From Clouds to Sunshine. •
"From Clouds to Sunshine, or the Evo
lution of a Soul," by E. Thomas Kaven.
is a psychological study and a religious
hovel combined. The hero, while at col
lege, loses his Christian faith as the re
sult of certain materializing tendencies of
university life and signalizes his gradua
tion by delivering an address in .which he
denies the solidity of the human race.
His father, a rational Christian and deep
thinker, although . a ' successful business
man,, is distressed £>y this shipwreck of
his son's faith, and he hits upon a plan
of- foreign study and travel which bring3
the sturdy young feliow out of the clouds
into the sunshine again. J (Published by
the Abbey Press, New York. Price $1.)
j . 9 _ ...
... Literary Notes. . *
, E. F. Benson's forthcoming novel, "The
Luck of the Vails," is reported to repre
sent a new departure for the author.
Which promises to win as much popular
ity in another field as , he gained by
"Dodo." His new novel is to be published
probably in May by D. Appleton & Co.
New York. While a story, it yet pos
sesses an historical basis and gives many
curious incidents connected with the life
of the Pharaohs. The characters are
drawn with graphic skill. They live and
breathe. The ancient life is resurrected.
We seem ourselves to be transported back
under the shadow of the pyramids, and to
find the Sphinx a dally, companion. The
household customs, the^ statecraft, the
religious worship of the Egyptians .- are
exhibited in their true colors. (Price $1 25.)
He has a great, d^al to say. in a small
space about the proper laying out j of
grounds on these lines. He also advo
cates toy gardens in which the children
can at an early age associate themselves
with the mysteries of plant life by prac
tical experience as gardeners. (Published
by Elder & Shepard. San Francisco.
Price 50 cents.) j
Lord and Thomas Directory for 1901.
|i An interesting little volume which will
prove of great yalue to all who are in
terested in the subject - of newspaper or
magazine advertising is the annual edition
of the "Pocket Directory of the American
Press for 1901." which has just been issued
by Lord & Thomas, the well-known ad
vertising- agents of .Chicago and New
York. In a compact and convenient form
this little volume contains a vast amount
of reliable information relative to adver
tising mediums, so arranged and classified
as to be easily referred to. The book is
typographically perfect arid with its neat
flexible binding, gilt tdges and convenient
size .could not be improved upon' in ap
'pearance. /.*.•'¦ -
.It -'should have a place on the desk of
every business man interested in. general
advertising.
: . The Pacific. Churchman.
This little semi-monthly has made a new
departure by ¦ Introducing into its columns
a children's corner. Anecdotes, that are
fact, sketches that are fiction and. items
of news that are of. interest to boys and.
girls all will appear in this column.
The magazine continues . Its church
news, of interest to Episcopalians all over
the country. Mrs. E. R. Oliver, who has
taken, the entire charge of. It since her
husband's death, both- as editojjand pub-
Usher, is reaching out for newkinds of
material. The current number contains a
full-page article.' with pictures, on the
Pan-American Exposition. -Among the
regular editorial contributors are' Bishops
Nichols. Johnson and Moreland. (The Pa
cific Churchman. 731 California street, San
Francisco.) - -
"Pharaoh" is ' a historical novel of
ancient Egypt by Boles baus Prus. It has
been "ably translated by Mary de "Man-,
kowski and published by the Abbey Press,
¦¦,.-.¦ \
They cannot fall to perceive its beauty
j and j its pathos, nor to admire the cour
age, the se!f 7 denial and the simple good
ness of! little Nell herself. (Published by
¦the "American Book Company, New York.
Price 50 cents.)
Oral Lessons' in Hygiene.
The American- Book. Company.. has just
published an "Oral Lesson Book in Hy
giene," by. , Henrietta * Amelia Mirick,
A.B. (Wellesley), assistant editor School
Physiology Journal, Boston. This book
is intended for the use of teachers in pri
mary grades. , While It Is one of the New
Century series of physiologies, it can be
used to advantage with any book or se
ries which may be in the school.- It
shows^by Its suggested oral lessons for
the first three years of school life that
as much knowledge of .the body and the
vlaw^of its health as primary pupils are
able to comprehend can be made Inter
esting as well as <-. of educational and
practical value. Numerous attractive
illustrations add to the interest of the
book and furnish ideas, for the more
helpful: presentation' of the subject to
young children:. At the conclusion of the
chapters are brief memory points, sum
. marislng in the clearest and most force
ful manner the more important features.
(Price JL) •'¦ . ,
Willie and His Pa.
For, years F. Opper has been grinding:
out funny stuff with pen and pencil. The
most remarkable part of it all is that Mr.
Opper is a humorist who turns out not
only quantity but the best of quality. He
has made people laugh for so long a time
that now it is a cause for wonder by many
how"; he can keep on doing the same ex
• cellent work. Nevertheless, his brain is
as. prolific as ever and, In fact, ue seems
to be i surpassing himself and becoming
funnier every day.. '¦:
His latest bound collection of drawings
is "Willie and His Papa— And the Rest of
the Family." As humorous drawings
these are well abreast of Mr. Opper' s best
work. They will appeal most strongly to
the risibilities not only of men but of
women and children. Mr. Opper has a pe
culiar knack of putting expressions on
the faces of his comics that is Inimitable.
The book Is a handsome quarto volume,
about 814x8% inches, with illuminated
board covers, containing nearly 100 pages
ln black and white. (Published by Gros
set & Dunlap, New York. Price fl.)
What Is a Kindergarten P% !
George Hansen. -landscape architect,
Berkeley, Cal., has written a unique little
book on "What .13 a Kindergarten?"
Mr. Hansen explains: "I have nothing
to suggest toward the teachings in the
schoolroom. My purpose is to exemplify
how our task of forming the child's mind
can be rendered easier and more correCTT>
I want to do such through the agency
of outdoor exercise among plants and
flowers, and I give a list of those which
are the most Important, mentioning also
some which are to be avoided."
cidentally to triumph In his wooing.
"
Frederick Palmer, whose vigorous
stories about the American soldier and
sailor In "The Ways of the Service" are
becoming so popular, is a graduate of Al
legheny University. Meadville. Pa. He is
not yet 35 years old. He began his news
paper career as- a writer of special articles
for the Sunday edition of the New York
Press. He made his personality i.elt and
ln a few years was sent abroad by the
Press-as Us regular London correspon
dent. He not only reported the news
millinery Is also Illustrated in colors. Tha
problems of moving day and after are
dealt with' very thoroughly/by Margaret
Hall, and the • etiquette required on the
part of those who have moved into a new
neighborhood is indicated by Mrs. Frank
Learned in her "Social : Observance De
partment." "Pastimes for Children," all
sorts of fancy needlework for summer
hours, indoor decorations and other varied
Interests come in for attention. The won
derful benefactions of Baroness Clara de
Hirsch, who aided her husband in giving
away $100,000,000, are described and illus
trated by Sara K. Bolton. .The short
stories of the month are by Elmore Elliott
Peake and William McLeod Rafne. A
collection of antique silver is described in
a. special article devoted to the subject
by N. Hudson Moore. The Illustrated
"Cookery" deals with birthday parties
and is very beautiful.
Harper & Brothers have secured for the
July issue of their "American Contem
porary Novels" series a first book by a
new writer of unusual and striking im
portance. "The Manager of the B. &
A.," by Vaughan Kester, is said to be a
remarkable performance for a first work
of fiction by a young writer. It Is also
refreshing to learn * that this novel ia
more concerned with the romance of busi
ness, than with the pale sentimentality
that takes the place of genuine passion
in so much of the fiction of to-day. Mr.
Kester contributed a short story called
"The Mills of the Little Tin Gods" to the
Cosmopolitan, about three years ago,
which attracted marked attention at the
time, x and evoked comment , from more
than one eminent critic. There was an
indication in that story that Mr. Kester
"sensed," so to speak, the feeling and at
mosphere of business life as few have
done it, and there was the promise that
if he developed this peculiar sensibility
ho would achieve something in a field
which to-day presents, in our country at
least, one of the most fruitful .for the
young novelist. "The Manager of the B.
& A." Is said to be a- further evidence of
Mr. Kester's power in the right direction.
The scene of the story is laid in a little
tewn in the lumber region of Michigan,
and the hero is the manager of a small
branch railroad which is on the verge oC
bankruptcy when he takes charge of it.
The plot of the story Is original, and sit
uation follows situation in rapid succes
sion in the trying experiences which the
manager of the B. & A. has to undergo
in his efforts to build up the road and in-
promptly, but he was sent out as war cor
respondent. He foretold the fact that the
Greeks were so ill prepared tor war that
they were practically defeated <j«fore a
shot . was fired. His cruick perception of
what was almost grotesque in Greece'3
method of making: ready for tha struggle
did much to make the mind of the public
familiar with the vital fact that the
Greeks of to-day were not the Greeks of
Thermopylae.
Palmer accompanied the Greek army,
saw the early, battle from the trenches
where he lay with the Grtek*%oldlers. and
finally, when ' the battle of Volo was
fought and decided so disastrously to the
Greeks, he rode as hard as he could ride
to the sea and sent his paper a cable dis
patch which turned out to be one of the
great news "beats" of the year.
At the close of the war he returned to
London and resumed his correspondence.,
from which, however, he ¦was called to
America to make a 'Journey into the mys
terious Klondike country. He got there so
quickly and traveled so- lightly wjuipped.
carrying only the most, necessary articles,
that he managed to get over the route and
back again before most other correspon
dents were fairly started. Ho was thus
able to relate the first reallr authentic
story. - of the Klondike, describing with,
precision the various routes and trails and
the extreme 'difficulties of the gold hunt
long before others had authoritative tales
to telL
When' Palmer got back from the Klon
dike the war with Spain was practically
ended. However, he started Immediately
for the Philippines, where he saw a great
deal of the early fighting 1 with the insur
gents, and when the Chinese trouble
broke out he left Manila Immediately for
the scene and accompanied the relief col
umn on its memorable march to Peking.
It was in these experiences that Palmer
gained his knowledge of men and war.
The experience of the Greek war enabled
him to see with understanding eyes the
operations of the Philippine war. Hav
ing already laid his foundation be was
able to devote much of his time to the
study of men and women and -the social
and other minor aspects of the nation at
war. In this way he made- the studies
which have resulted In the delightful
stories which are finding how so large an
audience. " ¦ " ¦ ?• .
Books Received.
SIRIUS—By Ellen Thorneycroft Fow
ler. D. Appleton & Co.'. New York. $1 50.
THE ETHICS OF JUDAISM, Part XT—
By M. Lazarus, Ph.D. The Jewish Publi
cation Society of America, Philadelphia.
PHAROAH—By Mary de MankowsfcL
The Abbey J*ress. New York.' $1 25.
• TEN YEARS IN COSSACK SLAVERY
OR BLACK RUSSIA—By Mary do Man
kowskL The; Abbey Press, New York.
$125.
THE ROSE OF DAWN— By Helen Hay.
R. H. Russell. New York.
RACING RHYMES AND OTHER
VJLRSES— By Adam Lindsay Gordon. R»
H. Russell, New York.
THE MIND AND ITS MACHINERY—
By V. P. English, M.D. Ohio State Pub
lishing Company. Cleveland, Ohio. JL
THE AMERICAN HUSBAND IJT
PARIS— By Anna Bowman Dodd. Little,
Brown & Co., Boston. $1. *
RUBAIYAT OF OMAR KHAYYAM
RENDERED INTO ENGLISH VERSE—
By Edward KltzGerald. with illustrations
by Herbert Cole. John Lane, New York.
Cloth 50 cents, leather 75 cents.
MONONIA— By Justin McCarthy. Small,
M&ynard & Co.." Boston. XI 50.
EL CAPITAN VENENO— By Pedro A.
de Alarcon. American Book Company,
New York. 50 cents.
THE STORY OF LITTLE NELL— By
Charles Dickens. American Book'Com
pany, New York. 50 cents.
HIS LiETTERS-tBy Julien Gordon. D.
ApDleton & Co., New York. $1 50.
THE. BENCH AND BAR AS MAKERS
OF THE REPUBLIC— By Hon. W. "W.
Gooarich." E. B. Treat & Co., New York.
E0 cents*
STUDIES 127 ESCHATOLOGY OR EX
ISTENCE AFTER DEATH— By Ulysses
S. Bartz. ' The Abbey Press, New York.
50 cents.
The author of "Blue Shirt and Khaki,"
James F:-J.' Archibald, is admirably fitted
for , making this , comparison. A man; of
wide acqalntance in army circles, for sev
eral j years he went as j an observer and
the Indian f campaigns
and practice marches • of our Western
troops. ; He accompanied as correspondent
the Japanese army, in Its invasion of Chi
na in 1895: - He saw all . the fighting about
Santiago and. served on the general staff
during the "first- occupation of "Havana;
indeed," he was the first American wound
ed in the Spanish war, being a member of
the "Gussle" expedition. He has been a
student of the home maneuvers of both
A : comparison of the relative character
istics of -the American' and British mili
tary " systems ana personnel is of such
obvious and timely interest that it is
strange that It; has not been, undertaken
before.. , .. ;
Blue Shirt and Khaki.
dream is realized. He does achieve wealth.
But with his wealth comes a great benefit
to the" world." He finds the means, , in the
human ;bloodi : of j benefiting ; all ¦ mankind!
of making y all -the "world ¦ good-natured}
There is no_ longer any display! of < human
temper. It may still exist in' the 'human
being— for- of what use would man* be
without a temper?— but \, its . display be
comes too great in its suffering for those
who patronize the temper cure to desire to
.lose it. The story thus has its moral.
(Published by the Abbey.Press, New York.
Price 50 cents.) . «,-
. "It hasbeen held from the most aricie at
times in our country 'that it is
ating occupation to " become ' a temple
priest from the fact that they take money
for their work, which is making irierchan
dise of sacred things. . ¦', '.•'.- : ..¦¦", .: .
"Few understand the power, of
If a man goes Into a cave, shuts himself
in and thinks one really great thought
and dies ,' that thought will penetrate . the
adamantine walls of that cave,. vibrate
,"¦; "Asia produces giants- in spirituality as
the Occident produces, giants In ¦ science. >;
"Just as in the West .even the man In
the street wants to trace his descent from
some, robber baron of the middle ages,'. so
In India even an \ Emperor on ,the ; throne
wants to trace his descent from some beg
gar eage In the forest: from a man tv ho
wore the bark of a tree, lived on the traits
of the forest and communed with ; God. .
•, "Why ; should a man who can send' a
current of electricity through- h wire be
called a very great -man? \ Does not na
ture do a million times more, than that" ev
ery moment? Why not then fall down and
worship nature. "... . „ ¦ • •.
of senses.' ' In the spiritual the Oriental
finds everything he ;. wants or ; hopes : for,
and he laughs to think that grown. up men
and ' women should make : so \ inuch f of -, a
handful of matter, which they^will have to
leave 'sooner or later. Bach calls the oth
er 'a dreamer,' but the Oriental ideal is as
necessary for the progress of j the human
race as is ; the Occidental," arid, I think,
more necessary.* . : . ; ;, : ¦-.'- ' ;¦< :' "
. "Machines never made mankind happy
and never will infeke. .":
THE ¦ '¦¦ SUNDAY k ;rcALIii
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
The Biiioustine.
A ¦'. clever ¦. satire which originally appeared in
BERT LESfON TAYLORS *'LINt-O-TVrE
.CR^WO" COLUMN.
on the editorial page of the CHICAGO TRIB-
UNE, attracting wide attention.'.- Every reader
acquainted : with , the East Aurora output will
' enjoy • reading and want to possess a copy of
-this unique booklet ;' , ! .;.-V .7 ' ¦ . -¦ _¦
FRA McGlNNiS ANDTHE BOYGBAFTERS
• will ; be famous -thel world over. -r Send .'at once •
' if .you.wish to own a copy. ..They. will quickly
; command ; a. premium. -. ¦ i • ,-
. •:'., Every copy: tied '.'with a string by hand.'
. -Brown paper; -, 24 pp. ;• price -25c. ¦'. ' .' .
'_ Booksellers and Newsdealers supplied. . '
''""- ¦•"¦•: . \ .: "Address. • •" . >¦¦:;•"
WILLIAM S:LJDRDf Publisher, Eyanston,!!!^
The Books Reviewed
pfON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 POST STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Prices/are always in the
Reading Notices. Postage is
free.
A.' M. ROBERTSON.People Are Aiving Aonger.
\: From statistics and the result ot cer
tain changes, in. the methods of livinjr'we
can safely affirm, that the -span -of life is
steadily! lengthening,^ says the Roya! Mag
azine. /Three, thousand years before the
Christian era the,' average duration of life
was said' to be three-score years and ten;
this would make middle age come at 35.
Dante considered that year the middle of
life's. arch, and Montaigne, speaking for
'Nearly all of them- had en Joyed, uninter
rupted good health -and many had never
known. what it was to be sick. They,
were all moderate In eating, mostoof them
using little animal food. Few indulged
at all' 'in intoxicating drinks,* and those
only ¦ In notable moderation. They took
considerable outdoor exercise and nearly,
all possessed the good-natured, placid dis
position. fis@i
One of the most Interesting and trust
worthy statements in respect to old aga
is the report on .the habits of cente
narians, made some years ago by a com
mission appointed by the British Medical
Association. .Without going into particu
lars of the different cases It . Is valuable
to note, generally, the result. of this In
vestigation. - ' • '
> At the present time fifty years Is con
sidered as middle age. In the days of the
revolutionary war prominent men at that
time were looked upon as old at fltty
years. We are justified In supposing that
the span of human life will be prolonged
In the future because the possibility of
living to an older age has been domon-
Btrated by the great advance made la
medicine and hygiene during the last ten,
years. We have attained a vast amount
of knowledge as to the causes of disease,
and new remedies for their successful
treatment have been discovered. We have
no; new diseases, at least of any serious,
character, and we are better able to treat
the old ones, which, like old foes, appear
to us with new faces. '.
himself at the urns period of life, con
sidered bis real work practically ended,
and proved that he thought he was grow
ing old by falling Into tha reminiscent
age. .
But In spirit only 'would Ramon Velasco
lead - his valiant riders on .¦ their merciful
errand. The desperate; iexertion called
forth by his flnal'command had exhausted
his last atom ¦ of ; vitality. As his » voice,
broke; he cast 1 a helpless, imploring look
at the weeping girl beside • him, a spasm
of pain convulsed his body* and 'the chief
of the rurales lay lifeless in the arms of
his attendants.
"To your horses!" he commanded, with
all his wonted ardor. "To the rescue of
the patron of San Miguel 1 I will lead—"
lady love. They recalled his sense of dnty
with the same vividness as had tha sight
of. the burning hacienda* buildings when
«e had sat struggling with his emotions
on , the hillside . a few hours . before. With
a ! supreme effort he raised himself on one
ai m. . At j this a number* of > his troopers
who . had until then deferentially stood
apart hastened to his assistance. , But
their leader motioned them back.
They bore their leader through the en
trance and gently laid him on a couch
within. * As they did so a white-faced
senorita glided to his side, and, with'her
slender bands clasped together before her,
gazed" fearfully. Into his -pallid features.
It was Dona Inez. Her presence seemed
to reanimate the fallen, rural.- His eyes
i opened wearily, vaguely, then brightened
an expression of caressing recogni
tion as they rested upon' the face of tha
girl before him. .....; ¦ ' ". '.
"Ah," ml novia, I you are safe then!" he
exclaimed, in rapturous though ' scarcely
audible tones. The girl bowed her : face
in hier'; hands. "Yes, Ramon/' she fal
tered,; "but you','— her© her voice -failed
her.' .;¦•' ¦ . ' ; v. .-.-....'. ¦ -. ¦ -':.¦¦ -'. ' . •¦ '¦; .
'" ,'Tis 'nothing— I promise you!", pro
tested the wounded) man with a feeble
effort at reassurance. "I— I shall be bet
ter soon. And the others— Don Felipe and
the rest— are they .safe also?", V
J "Yes, Ramon," ..was the j reply, "all— but
Don. Ricardo; • he rode : away ¦ alone 'across
"the carapo Just before_the Yaquis came."
¦At'the. first mention "of his rival's ;name
a, shadow had " fallen upon Velasco's fea
tures, v but .it was Instantly succeeded. by
an expression of deep, concern as' he real
ized '-the ; danger that menaced { the ' way
ward ? heir ' to • San; Miguel. - "Alone ¦ across
the campo"— the .' desolate, death-ridden
campd ! - 'To' the .rural chief ' ominous ,
words .. seemed : , fraught, with even more
potency! than the adored . presence . of • his
, t ','Ramon— Ramon!": he cried, entreating
ly, catching up the ; rural's \ Inert 1 , right
hand in both -his own.'; "Speak.: to'/, me,
Ramon, and say that i you > are ¦-. riot hurt
unto death! Ah,", Dlos;a mlo, ;. •'¦sendres!"
he : moaned, ¦ "he does not Ireply." . vr ¦¦',..:'.
All resistance to the furious onslaught
was futile and after .a momentary strug
gle the Yaquis, though outnumbering
their' chastisers three to 'one, scattered
and fled into the darkness of the campo.
But not, however, • until their random
fire had laid"one of the riders, low. That
one, who was. first to dash -into "their
midst and whose keen blade had smote
them most relentlessly,; was Ramon Vel
asco. His last order had been to extin
guish the flames of the burning veranda)
in. obedience to whiclT- command ;a'i score
of ready hands ¦ had .torn away, the flam-
Ing .timbers. ; Then, as they lifted him
down 'from, the arms of the rural who had
caught him as he reeled in his saddle, the
door of the dwelling -•opened 1 arid Don
Felipe appeared on the threshold. "At the
sight of his stricken<deliverer a deadly
pallor overspread the features of the old
Mexican.' ' ; ¦ * .••' ¦!"' l - ''•¦¦'.-¦¦)''¦..'
with a scattering volley from their rifles.
But as well might they have sought^ to
stay the 'lightning from heaven, for in
an Instant more the avengers 3vere upon
them and a deadly hail of revolver bullets
was poured into their mldsC followed by
death strokes right- and left from, the
flashing blades of the rurale3.
Copyright. 19CL by Jose de Ol'evares.
THE east wind •was blowing in fitful
gusts off the distant desert as Ra
mon Velasco slowly rode through
the gateway of the Rancho del Mar
and set his face in the direction of
the San Jacinto Hills. His present spirit
less demeanor was decidedly inconsistent
with his usual impetuous temperament.
So remarkable, In fact, was the circum
stance that the small army of peons in the
adjacent hay fields paused in the midst of
their sluggish labor and stood gazing in
Ill-concealed wonderment after the fa-,
millar figure of the retreating caballcro.
They noted with mingled approval and
disparagement the fretful protest of the
sprightly mountain pony, and the Iron
hand of the master that restrained him
from dashing away at his wonted speed.
But Velasco paid no heed to the Idle
scrutiny of the harvesters. With his wide
sombrero tilted dewn over his eyes and
chin resting dejectedly in the hollow of
the silver crescent at the throat of his
broldered leather tunic, he jogged list
lessly onward, his every thought seeming
ly concentrated upon the broad horn of
his vaquero saddle. But, in truth, Velasco
was as oblivious of that circular expanse
cf rawhide as of any other of his imme
diate surroun lir.gs. What his thoughts
actually dwelt upon was his recent inter
view with Don Felipe Ortega, the patron
of the Rancho eel Mar.
This had not been his first visit to the
luxurious old casa de campo. It was two
years since he had led his troop of hardy
rurales across the rugged Sierra Madres,
whose blue peaks were just discernible,
against the far horizon, to occupy the sta
tion assigned him on the Sonora frontier.
And during the interval he -had been a
frequent guest of the Ortegas. In fact,
never a week had gone by, barring the
several occasions when he had been ab
sent with his command in their meteoric
raids upon the recreant Yaquis, but what
the valiant young captain had ridden
down from his post in the San Jacinto
Hills to epend -an afternoon and evening
at the rancho. And this week he had
twice been a visitor witnin its gates; for
only the evening before he had stood out-
Bide a certain barred casement wherein
sat Dona Inez, the most charming of Don
Felipe's pretty daughters, and unfolded
to her a secret -thrft for months he had
been nerving himself to reveal.
Ere now he had led his doughty riders
Into many a bloody fray, but this, he told
himself, was the one brave act of his life
— the only time he had ever been brought
face to face with fear". And he had won—
won the gentle senorita's consent to ask
ner father for her hand.
But at the same time she had told him
something that had occasioned her many
a doubt and apprehension, and which was
that another suitor had. contrary to her
•will, already laid Biege to Don Felipe's
ear; and that suitor was none other than
young Don Ricardo Sanchez, the heir to
the great Hacienda San Miguel, whose
broad leagues represented a princely
share of Sonora's vast area.
But the rural chief had only laughed at
the maiden's fears, for young Sanchez
¦was known throughout the length and
breadth of more than one State in the
Mexican republic as a character whom,
despite his wealth, lew fathers would
Trfsh to own as a son-in-law. Therefore.
Velasco bad imprinted a lover^s kiss on
the eenorita's hand and galloped away
through the moonlight to his camp among
the hills, feeling that having won her
favor was more than half the conquest.
Thus It wfti with a heart all aglow
with hope for th» future that he had
mounted his horse on the following day
and rode down from the hills to seek an
Interview with the patron of Del Mar.
He had found Don Felipe seated alone on
the broad veranda of his abode, and with
the straightforwardness of a soldier, had
laid his cause before him. The old don
had listened In silence as the captain pro
ceeded, but 'at the close of his appeal had
arisen haughtily to his feet.
"Senor Velasco," he had replied, "for
two years past the doors of this, my
hoOse, have been open to you and you
have come and gone at your pleasure,
and, I thought, as my guest. Your rank
as a military officer inspired myself and
my household with confidence in you; and
now you dare to come and tell me that you
have violated that confidence by stealing
away the affection of one of my daugh
ters—one whose hand I have already !
pledged to another. And even were this
not 60, what right have you to seek her !
for a wife— where is the home to which <
you would take her? Would you that she :
tbould follow you to your rural camp la'.
the hills? Senor Velasco, you are mis- <
taken in presuming that my daughter I
cares for you— I promise that 'ere a fort- i
night shall have passed you will be en- 1
lirely out of her mind. And now that I
I have epoken, It will perhaps be super- 1
fluous for me to add that I forbid further
visits from you to my house."
Throughout the continuance of . this
acrimonious rebuke, ¦Velasco could scarce
ly believe his hearing. At Its conclusion
he had half opened h!s mouth as if to
reply, but. recovering himself had choked
back the words. For a moment there
after he had stood, hat In hand, and
grazed unflinchingly into Don Felipe's
eyes; then, without a word, had turned
aside, and swinging Into the saddle, rode
slowly away from the rancho.
And now, as ¦word after word, and sen
tence after sentence of th£ old Don's
scathing and unwarranted denunciation
of himself, to say nothing of his haughty
rejection of his suit, recurred to Velasco's
mind, his bitter discouragement can scarce
be wondered at. To think that all his
fondest hopes and plans had been so cru
elly and completely shattered! What,
now, to him were the 3000 pesos he had
treasured up out of his salary for tlie
furnishing of a home for his future bride?
The one senorita who could ever gucc
that home had been denied him— and when
her heart was already hla own.
In the midst of this depressing train of
thought he suddenly realised two things,
namely, that the desert wind, which had
blown hot against his fare an hour at'o,
was positively stifling now, and that his
pony" had left the plain of Del Mar and
was climbing the rocky trail into the hill
country beyond. The joint revelation
seemed to madden him. His brain ; was
being consumed, he told himself, because
of the increasing distance between the
rancho and himself. With a Quick move
ment he wheeled his horse on *he stvsn
hill slope and, striking his sombrero back
from his feverish brow, turned his eyes
in the direction of the now distant build
ings. As he did so the first ohject that
attracted, his notice was a solitary
horseman entering, at a gallop, the
same gateway through which' he had»re
cently emerged. Though the distance was
too great to distinguish the rider there
could be no mistaking his identity, for the
rural's trained eye recognized the coal-,
black charger invariably ridden t«y Ricar
do Sanchez.
* At sieht of him Velasco recalled Don
Felipe's recent utterance regarding h<s
daughter. "Pledged to another." A bale
ful lights kindled in his dark eyes as he
muttered" the galling words and realized
how well grounded had been the fears
confided to him on the preceding evening
by Dona Inez. And, while his -spirit of
rebelliousness was at its fiercest stajce,
his attention was drawn to another cir
cumstance which had until then escaped
his notice. "The line of foothills which lay
beyond the broad, grass-grown- campo to
the eastward of Del Mar was enveloDf d
In vast, ominous-looking clouds of smoke,
and Velasco knew that in the midst of
those hills were situated the ranch houses
of the v Hacienda San Miguel.
Xow, there were three distinct compo
nents in the material construction of Ra
mon Velasco, and, as Is .frequently the
case with mortals, those elements were
apt, under certain circumstances, to in
spire him with very diverse Impulses. To
begin with, he was intensely human; he
waa also 'a Mexican; likewise a rural. Un
fortunately, one of the first tendencies of
a strictly human nature is a proneness to
rejoice at the misfortunes of an enemy
and, if possible, to reap a selflsh profit
therefrom. Wherefore Velasco promptly
announced himself that he cared not If
the whole Sanchez estate should be wiped
out of existence, and— yes, he doggedly
included the Rancho del Mar in the pros
pective conflagration. For the latter ca
tastrophe might afford him a most ex
cellent opportunity of rescuing his lady
love, thereby winning the sanction of Don
Felipe to their union." Then the "Mexl-.
can" ingredient "asserted itself, and he
hated his weakness of a moment before,
telling himself that if he wanted the fair •
Inez above all else in the world the. proper
course to pursue was to ride back to the
rancho and j take her. regardless of Don
Felipe's objections. Just what the out-
come of this menial contention might
have proved had there been but. two ele
ments involved in the controversy is prob
lematical; but right here the third factor
in Velasco's triune constitution came to
the surface, and peremptorily commanded
him to put aslfie his affairs of the heart,
forthwith assemble his troop and ride to
the assistance of the stricken Hacienda
San Miguel. A second later he was spur
ring his eager pony up the trail toward
the 'headquarters of his command, at a
surprising: rate of speed considering the
ruggedness of the hillside. Metaphorically
he was neither "human" . nor "Mexican"
now— he -was wholly, dlstinctly-a "rural."
Upon arriving at the camp Velasco
found his troopers already iri the saddle
and impatiently awaiting his return. But
the explanation of their readiness for duty
was quite in the nature of a revelation
to him. Several hundred Yaquls had sud
denly descended from their stronghold in
the neighboring mountains on one of their
characteristic raids, the burning of the
"ranch buildings at San Miguel being th3
result of an attack, which even then was
supposed to be at its he'ght. *The news*
had been brought into camp but' a few
moments since by one of the rural "scouts,
which accounted for the readiness of tha
troop to move.
It .was five good leagues to the burning
. hacienda, and Velasco knew that ere ha
could cove.r the distance there was a
strong probability th.it the foe would have
finished their fiendish work at. that point
and have departed for. newer scenes of
destruction. Therefore, by way of pre
caution, he first detached a Squad o'
twenty men from h's command and di
rected them to ride posthaste to Del Mar.
the next adjoining estate, in case that
should prove the succeeding object of at
tack. Then, without another moment's
loss, he placed himself at the head of his
remaining TTJurscore horsemen, and, strik
ing his rowels, led them at full gallop
down from the hill3 and across the campo
in the direction of San' Miguel.
The afternoon was merging into dusk
when the cavalcade dashed through the
burning hay fields on the outskirts of the
hacienda. And' now it • became evident'
that the direst destruction their worst
fears had predicted had been visited upon
the place; for' only the blackened walls'
remained of the o.icc substantial build
ings, among the smoking ruins of which
lay the charred bodies of the massacred
victims, while the inhuman perpetrators'
of the deed were nowhere to be seen.
Instantly deploying themselves, how
ever,, she rurales circled around and
around the piemlses In search of the hos>
tiles' trail. Presenily an exultant shout
announced that it had been found. Dash
ing up to the spot, Velasco sprang to the
ground, and stooping, examined, the
signs. To his keen judgment they re-.,
vealcd two positive facts, namely, that
the trail was an hour old and that it led
to a line of foothiiia extending to ».ho
south and west, in the shelter of whlcn
the marauders might travel unnoticed u>
to the very gates of the Rancho del Mar.
With a look of grim desperation in his .
bronzed features the rural swung himself
back into his saddle, and, signaling - hid
troop to follow, took up the pursuit."
Darkness had set in tefore half the length- ;
of the trail among the hills had been fol- :
lowed, but from that time it was unneces
sary to trace it fairther; for from the di
rection of Del Mar there emanated a pan- '
demonium of demoniac yells, interspersed ;
with rifle shots, that left no doubt in the
mind of the rurales as to the whereabouts
of the Yaqui' band. \ 1
1 With forms bent low over their saddle '
horns and, rowels burled deep in the tides
of their foaming horses, the gnrlm riders i
thundered onward. At length a depres-. i
picn in the hills brought them out on the i
cpen plain,, with the rancho less than a 1
mile away: But the sight that met their j
eyes caused their feverish blood to grow- j
chill in their veins. The broad veranda i
fronting Don Felipe's dwelling 1 was a <
mass of leaping flames, while the bril- i
Hantly. lighted space in the foreground <
seemed peopled with a legion of exulting <
devils. • • <
A half mile farther on, at Velasco's
hoarse command, and without the slight- £
est slackening of their -whirlwind speed, 1
four-score bridle reins were shifted to as '¦:. . 3
many sets of teeth, and four-score sabers "
arid revolvers leaped from their, ecab-j 1
bards and holsters. At the same time the •
savage horde became aware of the'eaval- ]
cade's approach ; and ; thought to stay it-' i
THE STTNDAT CALL.
A STORY OF THE
YAQUI
COUNTRY
5"I can't help it." gaeped Jackson. "I
am the heir— but. you see, boys, there
ain't any property."
"What do you mean? Is all that a
sell?" demanded Rice.
"Look here; Jack! don't sit there cack
ling like a chuckle-headed magpie— if you
are the heir."
But here Jackson Wells* youthful face
lost its perplexity, and h« began to laugh
long and silently to himself. This was
protracted to tsuch an extent that Dexter
asserted himfcelf, as foreman and senior
partner.
"May we congratulate you, Mr. Wells,"
said Wyngate with affected politeness,
"or possibly your uncle may have been
English, and a title goes with the* 'prop,'
and you may be Lord Wells,' or Very
Wells— at least."
The three miners' faces lightened and
turned Joyously to Wells. But his face
looked puzzled.
Dexter Rice, the foreman, took the
proffered telegram from Wells' hand and
read as follows: "Your uncle, Quincy
Wells, died yesterday, leaving you sole
heir. Will attend you to-morrow for in
structions. Baker & Twiggs. attorneys,
Sacramento."
There was another pause, which seemed
to be Interminable to the waiting part
ners. Then the voice of Wells, in quite
natural tones, said: "By gum! That's
funny! Read that. Dexter— read it out
loud."
There was a dead silence. Telegrams
¦were expensive raitles In those days," es
pecially with the youthful bohemian
miners of the "Zip Coon" Ledge. They
were burning with curiosity, yet a sin
gular thing happened. Accustomed as
they had been to a life of brotherly fa
miliarity and unceremoniousness, this
portentous message from the outside
•world of civilization recalled their old for
mal politeness. They looked steadily
away from the receiver of the telegram,
and be, on his part, stammered an apolo
getic "Excuse me, boys," as he broke the
envelope.
f° ur men on tb * " Zlp Coon"
f Medg« nad not got fairly settled to
I their morning's work. There was
I the usual lingering hesitation which
JL Is apt to attend the taking up of
any regular or monotonous performance,
ehown in this instance In the prolonged
scrutiny of a pick's point, the solemn
selection of a shovel, or the "hefting"
or weighing of a tapping Iron or drill.
One member, becoming Interested In a
fnnny paragraph he found in the scrap
of newspaper wrapped around his noon
day cheese, shamelessly sat down to fin
ish It. regardless of the prospecting pan
thrown at him by another. They had
taken up their dally routine of mining
life like »choolboys at tbelr tasks.
"Hello!" eaid Ned Wyngate, Joyously
recognising- a poeeible further Interrup
tion. "Blamed If the Exprees rider ain't
coming here!" . *
He was shading his eyes with his hand
as he razed over the broad, sun-baked
expanse of broken "flat" between them
and the bigb road. They all looked up and
eaw the figure of a mounted man with
a courier's bag thrown over his shoulder
Kalloping toward them. It was really an
event, as their letters were usually left
at the grocery at the crowroads.
"I knew something was goln' to hap
pen," said Wynrate. "I didn't feel a bit
like work this morning."
Here one of their number ran oft to
meet the advancing horseman. They
watched him until they eaw the latter rein
up and hand a brown «-nvclop« to their
messenger, who ran breathlessly back
with it to the Ledga as the horseman gal
loped away again.
"A telegraph for Jackson Wells," he
said, handing It to the young man who
had been reading tho 6crap of paper.
Copyright, 1901, by Bret Harte.
covered and hiddm th« empty tin can*,
broken boxes and fragments " of Nothing
which usually heaped and littered tee
tent pegs of the pioneer. Nature's own
profusion had threat them into obscurity.
Jackson Wells smiled as he recalled his
sanguine partner's Idea of a treasure
trove concealed and stuffed In th* crevioe*
of thla tenement— already »o palpably
picked clean by those -wholesome scaven
gers of CaliXorolar-Ui© dry air and bxirnr
scarred flata, the discarded levels, ruined
flumes and roofless cabins of the earlier
occupation, so that when Jackson Wells
entered the .wide straggling street of
"Buckeye" that Bummer morning was
filled with the radiance of ltB blossoms
and fragrant with their incense. His first
visit there ten years ago had b«en a pure
ly perfunctory and hasty one, yet he re
membered the oatentatlbua hotel, built
in the "flush time" of its ' prosperity, and
already in a green premature decay; he
' recalled the express office and town hall
also passing away in a kind of similar
green dellauescence; the little tine
church, ¦ now overgrown with fern • and
brambles, and the two or three line sub-,
stantial houses in the outskirts which
seemed to have sucked the vitality of the
little settlement One of these he had been
told was the property of. his rich arid
wicked maternal uncle— the hated appro
prlat >r of his red-headed cousin's affec
tions. He recalled his brief visit to the
departed testator's claim and market
garden, and hla by no means favorable
impression of the lonely crabbed old man,
as well as his relief that his objectionable
• . # . . ¦ .'¦••¦'¦
In* nor seen his nephew's rise. You know
how It is yourself T 'ia ; these', things—being
a lawyer and a far-minded man— 4t's.all
on. one side, generally! " There's always
one who loves and sacrifices and alltbat,
and there's always one who rakes in the
pot! That's the way o' the world,' and
that's why," continued Rice, abandoning
his slightly philosophical . attitude and
laying his hand tenderly and yet with a
singularly significant grip on Wells' arm.
"we say to him, 'Hang on to that will and
Uncle Quincy's. memory.' And we hev to
say It. For he's that tender-hearted and
keerless of money— having his own share
in this ledge— that ef that girl came whim
perin' to him he'd let her take the 'prop'—
and let the hull thing slide-! And then
he'd remember that he had rewarded that
gal that broke the old man's heart— and
that would upset him again in his work.
And there, you see, is Just where we come
in! And we say, 'Hang on to that will
like erim death!' "
The lawyer looked curiously at Rice and
his companions, and then turned to Wells.
"Nevertheless, I must look to you for in
structions," h© eald, dryly.
_,,n-i »ad never taken any notice of him.
He answered, affirmatively.
"There may he some attempt to contest
the will," continued Mr. Twiggs. "as the
disinheriting of an only child and a daugh
ter offends the sentiment of the people
and of judges - and Jury, and the law
makes such a vrill invalid, unless a reason
Is given. Fortunately your uncle has
placed his reasons on record. I have a
copy of the will here, and can show you
the clause." He took it from his pocket
and read as follows: "I exclude my
daughter, Jocelinda Wells, from any ben
efit or provision of this, my will and testa
ment, for the leasqn that she has volun
tarily abandoned her father's roof for the
house of her mother's brother, Morley
Brown; has preferred the fleshpots of
Egypt to the virtuous frugalities of her
own home, and has discarded the humble
friends of her youth and the associates of
her father for the meretricious and slav
ish sympathy oi wealth and position. In
lieu thereof, and as compensation therefor
I do hereby give and bequeath to her my
full and free pcmisslon to gratify her fre
quently expresset wish for another guard-
To the impecunious owners cf Zip Coon
Ledge It seemed a large sum, but tney did
not show it. "You" see," continued Mr.
TwlKpB, "It's really a cnie of 'willing
away' property from Its obvious or direct
Inheritors— instead of a beneficial grant. I
take it that you and your uncle were not
particularly Intimate, at least so I gath
ered when I made the will, a-nd his simple
object was to disinherit his only daughter,
with whom he had some quarrel, and who
had left him to live with hie Into wife's
brother, Mr, Morley Brown, who Is quit'
"I should not think that the house, the
claim and the land would bring more than
$1500," replied Twiggs submissively.
Indeed, this Jdea was carried out with
such elaboration the next day that Mr.
Twiggs, .the attorney, was considerably
impressed both by the conduct of his
guide who (although burning with curi
osity), expressed absolute Indifference re
garding Jackson Wells' inheritance, and
the calmness of Jackson himself, who had
to be ostentatiously called from his work
on the Ledge to meet him and who even
gave him an audience in the hearing of his
partners. Forced, into an apologetic at
titude, he expressed his regret at being
obliged to bother Mr. Wells with an affair
of such secondary importance, but he was
obliged to carry out the formalities of the
lav/.
"What do you suppose the estate is
worth?" asked Wells carelessly.
A cloud had settled on Zip Coon Ledge.
They knew of Buckeye Hollow and It was
evident that no pood had ever yet come
out of that Nazareth.
"There's no use of; talking now." said
Rico conclusively. "You'll draw it all from
that lawyer shark who's coming here to
morrow, and you can bet your life ho
wouldn't havft taken this trouble If there
wasn't suthin' In it. Anyhow, we'll knock
off" work now and call it half a day— in
honor of our distinguished voung friend's
accession to his baronial cstatea of Buck
eye Hollow. We'll Just toddle down to
Tomlinson's at the crossroads and have a
nip and a quiet game of old sledge at
Jacksy's expense. I reckon the estate
good for that," he added with severe
gravity. "And, speaking as a fair-minded
man and president of yer, company. If
Jackson would occasionally take out and
air that telegraphic dispatch of his while
we're at Tomlinson's, it might do some
thing for that company's credit— with
Tomllnson! We're wantin' some new
blastln' plant bad!"
Oddly enough, the telegram—accidental
ly shown at Tomlinson's produced a
gratifying effect— and the Zip Coon Ledge
materially advanced in public estimation.
.With this possible Infusion of new capital
into its resources, the company was beset
by offers of machinery and gooda, and it
was deemed expedient by the sapient R!ce
that to prevent the dissemination of any
more accurate Information regarding
Jackson's property the next day, the law
yer Bhould.be raet at the stage office by
one of the members and conveyed secret
ly past Tomlinson's to the Ledge." I'd let
you bo." he said to Jackson, "only it
won't do for that d— d skunk of a lawyer
to think you're to anxious— sabe? We want
to rub into him that we are In the habit
out yer of havin' things left to us — and a
fortin', more or less, falling into us now
and then; ain't nothing along side of the
Zip Coon claim. It won't hurt yet to keep
up a big bluff on that hand of yours. No
body would dare to 'call' you."
suspected itJ Ana, of course, nV trr«o' »*<
alone and never let any one get Into his
house: and nearly starved himself! Lord
love you. There's hundreds of such cases.
The world is full of "em."
"That'B so," chimed in Pulaskl Briggs,
the fourth partner, "and I'll tell you what,
Jacksy. we'll come over with you the day
you take possession and Just 'prospect'
the whole blamed shanty, pig styes and
potato patch, for fun— and won't charge
you anything." ...
For a moment Jackson's face had really
brightened under the Infection of enthusi
asm, but it presently settled Into per
plexity again.
"No! You be.t the boys around Buckeye
Hollow would have spotted anything like
that long ago."
"Buckeye Hollow!" repeated Rice and
his partners.
"Yes, Buckeye Hollow; that's the place;
not twenty miles from here— and a god
forsaken hole, as you know."
THE SUNDAY CALL. S
"A miser, as sure as you're born!" said
Wyngate with optimistic decision. "That's
always the way. You'll find every crack
of that blessed old shed stuck full of
greenbacks and certificates of deposit, and
lots of gold dust and coin burled all over
that cow patch! And, of course, no one
Jackson Wells had a dim recollection of
this cousin— a hateful, red-haired Echool
girl—and an equally .unpleasant memory
of this other uncle,. who was purse-proud
wealthy and residing In the ; same town
ship.' Perhaps you remember the young
lady?" • . " ,
"Not on your side— not on your side,"
said Rice, quickly. ."Uncle • Quincy may
not have antied up in this matter o' feel-
"Indeed, indeed," said the lawyer, nerv
ously. "I had quite; the idea that -there
was very little fondness— "
•This was an utterly unexpected idea to
the Zip Coon Company > and Jackson
Wells was for a moment silent. But Dex
ter Rice was equal to the emergency and
turned to the astonished lawyer with se
vere dignity. '-You'll excuse me for inter
ferin', but as the senior partner -of this
yer Ledge, and Jackson Wells yer, bein'
a most important member, what j affects
his usefulness on this claim affects us.
And we propose to carry out this yer will,
with all its dips and spurs and angles!"
As the surprised . Twiggs turned from
one to the other Rice continued: "Ez far
as we kin understand this little game it's
the just punishment of a high-flying girl (
as breaks her pore old father's heart and
tho reward of a young feller ez has bin to
our knowledge ez devoted a nephew as
they make 'era. Time , and time again,
sittin' around our campflre at night, 1 we've^
heard Jacksy say, kinder to himself and
kinder to .us, 'Now, I wonder what's gone
o* eld Uncle Quincy?' and he never sat
down to a square meal or ever rose from
a square game but what he allus said:- 'If
old Uncle Quince was only here now,
boys, I'd die happy. 1 .1 leave it to you,
gentlemen, if that wasn't Jackson Wells'
gait all the time?" There was a prolonged
murmur of assent and an , affecting cor
roboration from Ned, Wyngate of "That
was him— that, was Jacksy all the time!','
fan In place 'of myself, and to become the
adopted daughter of the . said Morley
Brown, with the privilege of assuming the
name of Brown as aforesaid." "You see,"
he continued, "as the young lady's pres
ent position is a better one than it would
be if she were in her father's house, and
was evidently a compromise, the senti
mental consideration of her being left
homeless and penniless, falls, to the
ground. However, as the inheritance is
small, and might be of little account to
you, if you choose to waive it I daresay
we maymake some arrangement."
Nevertheless it was with some misgiv
ings that Wells consented that his three
partners should actually accompany him
and see, him put In peaceable pos«ssion,
of hla inheritance. Hls_ instinct told him
that there wou.a be no contest, of the
will, and still less any opposition on the
part of the objectionable relative,' Brown.
When the wagon which contained his per
sonal'effects and the few articles of fur
niture necessary for his occupancy of
the" cabin arrived the exaggerated swag
ger which his Companions had put on in
their passage through the settlement gave
way to a pastoral Indolence equally half
real, half-affected. Lying on their backs
under a buckeye they permitted Rice to
voice the general sentiment: "There's a
suthin' soothin' and dreamy in this kind
o* life. Jacksy, and we'll make a point of
corain* here . for. a couple i of- days every
two weeks to lend you a hand; It will be
a mighty good change from our nigger
work on the claim." In spite of this as
surance and the fact that they had volun
tarily come. to help him put the place In
order they, did very .little beyond lending:
a cheering expression of unqualified praise
and' unstinted advice. At the end of four
He put all this diffidently before his
partners on his return, and was a little
startled at their adopting it with sanguine
ferocity. They hoped that he would put
an end to his thoughts of backing out of
it. Such a course now would be dishonor
able, to his uncle's memory. It was clearly
his duty to resist these blasted satraps
of capitalists; he was providentially se
lected for the purpose— & village Hamp
den to withstand .the tyrant. "And I
reckon that shark of a lawyer knew all
about It when he was gettln* off that
'purp . stuff' about people's sympathies
with the girl," said Rice belligerently.
"Contest the will, would he? Why, if
we caught that Brown with a finger in
the pie we'd just whip up the boys on
this ledge and lynch him. You hang onto
that three acres and the garden patch of
your forefathers, sonny, and we'll see you
through!" • * ;<¦¦.'- ;
signs to get this three acres with th«
other lands? If so, his long-suffering un
cle was only just In his revenge.
Eut'by this, time, Jackson Wells—al
though really dubious about supplanting
the orphan— had gathered the sense of his
partners and said, with a frank show of
decision, "I think I must stand by the
will."'
"Then I'll have it proved," said Twiggs,
arising. "In the meantime if there is any
talk of contesting—"
"If there is, you might say," suggested
Wyngate, who felt" he had not had a fair
show in the little comedy, "ye might say
to that old skeesicks of a wife's brother,
if he wants to nipple in, that there are
four men on the Ledge— and four revol
vers! We are gin'rally far : minde<l, peace
ful men, but when an old, man's heart is
broken and his 'gray hairs brought, down
in sorrow to the grave, so to speak, we're
bcund to attend the funeral. Sabe?"
When Mr. Twiggs had departed again,
accompanied by a partner to guide him
past the dangerous shoals of Tomlinson's
grocery, Rice clapped his hand on Wells'
Rhculder. "If it'- hadn't been for me, son-"
ny, that shark would have landed you
into some compromise with that-'red
haired gal! I saw you weakenin', ¦ and
then I. chipped in. I may have piled up
the 'agony: a little on your love for old
Quince, but if you aren't an ungrateful
cub, that's how you ought to hev. been
feelin', anyhow!" Nevertheless the.youth
ful Wells, although touched by his eldir
partner's loyalty : and convmceu oi nJufj
own disinterestedness, felt a painful sense
of lest chivalrous opportunity. ¦ ¦¦';' ¦',¦'.'¦¦:
On mature consideration it was finally
3ettled that Jackson - Wells should ,'make
his preliminary, examination of his inheri
tance alone, as it might seem inconsist
ent with the -previous indifferent attitude
of his partners if they ' accompanied * him.
But he was implored to yield to no bland
ishments of . the enemy and to ; even make
his visit a secret. : '¦¦'.. - ".
• He went. The familiar ¦ ¦" flower-spiked
tree.which had given its 'name toBuck
'eye Hollow had, never yielded entirely to
Improvements and the incursions' of '¦ min
ing enterprises, * and ~ many of ¦: them had
even survived the disused ditches, -the
cousin wnom- ne naa not oeen since ne was
a boy, was then absent at the rival
uncle's. He made his way across the road
to a sunny slope where the market garden
of three acres seemed to roll" like a river
of green rapids to a little "run", or brook,
which, even' in the dry season, showed a .
trickling rill. But here he was struck by
a singular circumstance. The garden rest
ed in a rich alluvial soil, and under the
"quickening Californian sky had developed
far beyond the ability of its late cultiva
tor to restrain or keep it in order. Every
thing had grown luxuriously and in mon
strous size and profusion. v *The garden
had even trespassed its bounds . and im
pinged upon the, open road, the deserted
claims and tho < ruins *of the past. Stimu
lated by 'the little 7 cultivation* Quincy
- <W ells -bad found time to give it, it had
le&ped. its three acres and' rioted through
the hollow.. There were scarlet j runners
crossing the. /abandoned ., sluices, jjjj peas
climbing . the ¦ courthouse -wall," strawber
ries matting the trail, while the seeds and
pollen of its few. homely eastern", flowers
had been blown far and wide through'the
woods. , By a grim satire nature seemed
to have been, the . only^thlng that still
. prospered in - that settlement of ; man. .
.The cabin itself, built of - unpainted,
I boards, | consisted of a sitting-room, din- .
£ ing-room, kitchen and . two bedrooms, , all
1 plainly : furnished, although , one ';¦ of. the
' bedrooms was ' better ordered; , and dis
played certain signs of feminine decora-
tion which made Jackson: believe it "had
\ been " his;, cousin's ' room.-, - Luckily, the
g slight temporary structure bore no ' de.ep
3 traces -of its ' previous* occupancy ) to dis
turb-him with' Its memories," and. for the"
same reason .it'gained in cleanliness and
"freshness; -the dry desiccating, summer
1 wind • that blew ; through j it >: had ',-. carried
I awayj ; both .the , odors '/and ' the . sense
of domesticity; even the, adobe hearth had
i no fireside \ tales" to tell; , its > very ashes
had been scattered by ihe .winds; and .the
gravestone ;of its .dead owner ,on« the fhill
/was no more flavorless of i his; personality
than .'.was j- this ' plain house .ln/whlch^ he
. had lived 'and died. .The, excessive -.vege
tation produced by tho stlrred-up soil had
ing buu. m ue -was not displeased at
this obliteration of a previous tenancy;
there was the better chance for him to
originate something. He whistled hope
fully as he lounged with his hands in his
pockets toward the only fence and gate
that gave upon the " road- ( Something
stuck up on . the gatepost attracted his
attention. It was a sheet of paper bear
ing the inscription in a large hand: ."No-,
tlce to Trespassers. Look out for the
Orphan , Robber!" A plain signboard in
faded black letters on the gate which
had borne the legend; "Qulney Wells, .
dealer in Fruit and Vegetables," had been
rudely altered in chalk to read "Jackson
Wells, Double Dealer in Wills and Codi
cils," and the Intimation "Bouquets sold
here" had . been changed ,¦ to. "Bequests
Etole here." For an instant the simple
minded Jackson failed to discover any sig
nificance, of this outrage — which seemed
to him to be merely the wanton mischief
of a schoolboy. But a sudden recollection
of the lawyer's caution sent the. blood to
his cheeks and kindled his indignation. -
He tore, down the paper and rubbed out
the chalk interpolation— and then laughed
at his own anger. Nevertheless he would
not have liked his belligerent partners to
bee It. ' •
A little curious to know the extent' of
this feeling, he entered one of the shops
and by one or two questions, which ju
diciously betrayed his ownership of the
property, he elicited only a. tradesman's
interest in a possible future customer and
the ordinary curiosity in a stranger. The
barkeeper of the hotel was civil, but brief
and gloomy. He had heard the property
, was "willed away" on s account of some
family quarrel which "warn't none of
his." Mr. "Wells would find Buckeye Hol
low a mighty dull place after the mines.
It was played out— sucked dry by. two or
three • big mine owners, who were trying
to' "freeze out" 'the other settlers, so as
• they might get the place to themselves
and ."boom It." " Brown,' who had the big
. house ' over the hill, was the head .devil
of the gang. Wells felt. his Indignation
, kindle \ anew. - And this girl , that ; he had
ousted was Brown's friend. Was it pos
sible that she was a party to Brown's de-
"Xot much! telegraph's too expensive
for that sort •' lealtn!. You Lee, boys,
I've got an Uncle Qsincy— though I don't
know him muth— umi he may bo dead.
But his whoh, :txln's coniilBted of a ciulm
the eize of ours and played out long: ago,
a ramshackled lot of sheds called a cot
tage and a kind of market irardcn of
about thrt-e acres, where he reared and
sold vegetables. lie was always poor,
and as for calling tt 'property' and m«
lbs 'MrWood Lord!"
6
A BUCKEYE HOLLOWor four men."
They walked leisurely but silently to
the gate. It is probable that none of
them believed in a serious collision, but
now the prospect had enough possibility
in it to quicken their pulses. They reach
ed the gate. But It was still closed; the
road. beyond it empty.
"Mebbe they've sneaked round to the
cabin," said Briggs, "an* are holdin' 'it
inside." They, were turning quickly in
that direction, when Wyngate said:
"Hush! Some one's there in the brush
uhder the buckeyes." They listened; there
was a faint rustling in the shadows.
"Come out o' that, Brown— into the
open. Don't be shy," called out Rice in
cheerful irony. "We're waitin' for ye.'.'
But Briggs, who was nearest the wood
here suddenly uttered an exclamation,*
"B'gosh!" and fell back, open mouthed,
upon his companions. They, too, in anoth
er moment, broke into a feeble laugh, and
lapsed against each other in sheepish si
lence. For a very pretty girl, handsomely
dressed, swept out of the wood and ad
vanced toward them.
Even at any time she would have been
an enchanting vision to these men, but in
the glow of exercise and sparkle of anger
she was bewildering. ¦ Her wonderful hair,
the color of freshly hewn redwood, had
escaped from her . hat in her passage
through the underbrush, and even as she
swept down upon them in her majesty
she was Jabbing a hairpin into it with
a dexterous feminine hand.
The three partners turned quite the
color of her hair — Jackson Wells alone re-,
mained white and rigid. She came on;
her, very short upper lip showing her
white teeth with her panting breath/ '
Rloo was first to speak. "I beg— your
pardon, miss — I thought it was Brown '
you know," he stammered. ¦ ,. - , -
But she only turned a blighting brown
eye on the culprit, curled • her snort . lip
till it almost vanished in her scornful
nostrils, drew her skirt aside with a Jerk,
and continued her way straight to Jack
son Wells, where she halted., j „. .-• ..
"We did- not, know you .. were— here
alone," he said apologetically.
"Thought I was afraid to come alone %
didn't you? Well, you , see,- I'm not. f
There!" She. made another- dive at. her
hat and. hair and brought the hat down
wickedly over her straight eyebrows.
"Gimme my plants."' \
"Would you mind bringing them, as far,
as the buggy that's coming .• down the
hill?'" she said, pointing to a buggy driven
by ft small boy, -which was slowly ap
proaching the gate. The men tenderly
lifted the uprooted plants, each carrying
one, and proceeded solemnly. Miss Wells
bringing:- up the rear, toward the 'gate,
where Jackson Wells waa still surlily'
lounging; • ' .; . : •¦¦ , i ;
They passed out first. Miss Welte
lingered for an instant,: and then, ad
vancing her. beautiful but audacious face'
within an inch of Jackson's, hissed out:
"Make believe and hypocrite!" . .
"Crosspatch and - Saucebox!" returned
Jackson . readily, still . under the malign
influence •; of ¦ his_boylsh ' past, as Bhe
flounced ; away. .: Presently > he ' :- heard ; the
buggy rattle away with • his persecutor.
But his partners still , lingered on the
road in earnest conversation, and when'
they.; did return it .was .with a, singular
awkwardness and. embarrassment which
he naturally put down to a.; guilty con
sciousness ;of their - foolish weakness • in
succumbing to the girl's demands. , But
he was. a little surprised when Dexter
Rico \ approached u.him ..- gloomily. "Of
course." he began, . it ain't, no call -of.
ours to interfere in f amily \ affairs, « and *
you've a right to keep em to yourself,* but
if. you'd been fair . and , square and above
board in what you got off on us about this
orphan—" v:;-' 1 " ¦¦::¦?.¦¦, <• ¦¦ .:¦¦.-. .; ¦.¦>¦;: ;
"What do you |, mean?" demanded the
astonished Wells. ' ' ¦ . ' .
.."Well— callin* her a 'red-haired : gal.' •• '
"Well— she is a red-haired ¦» girl!" said'
Wells impatiently. ,. " \ , -..'>
' ','A . man," %• continued ¦ Rice, , • pityingly. .
Miss Wells' eyes glared at them—
though her mouth still smiled ravishingly.
"I'm sure I'm troubling you." v
In a few moments the plants : were
dug up and carefully laid together: in
deed, the servile Briggs had added a
few that she had not Indicated. ;
"Everything that Cousin ' Josey : planted
with her own hands must be took up care
fully and sent back— even though it's kln
ln' me to part with it," quoted Wyngate
unblushingly, as he slouched along on the
other side. : ... ¦',:.?. :"¦"¦ • ,¦ i .
.don't seem to know whether to ante up
.or pass out. And as for yourself, Miss
why—what was it he was sayin' only just
as the young lady came?'!, he added, turn
ing abruptly to Wyngate. <
hours' weeding and trimming the boun
daries of the garden, they unanimously
grave their opinion that It would be more
systematic for him to employ Chinese la
bor at once. "You 6ee," said Ned Wyn
gate, "the Chinese naturally take to this
kind o f business. Why, you can't take
up a china plate or saucer but you see 'em
pictured there working at Jobs like this,
and then they kin live on green things
and rice that cost nothin'. and chickens—
you'll keep chickens, of course?"
Jackson thought that his hands would
be full enough with the jrarden, but he
meekly assented. "I'll get a pair— you
only want two to begin with," continued
Wyngate cheerfully, "and In a month or
two you've got all you want and eggs
enough for market. On second thoughts
I don't know whether you hadn't better
begin with eggs first. That is, you bor
row some eggs from one man and a hen
from another. Then you set 'em and
when the chickens are hatched out you
Just return the hen to the second man,
and the eggs, when your chickens begin
to lay, to the first man, and you've got
your chickens for nothing— and there you
are."
This ingenious proposition, .which iras
delivered on the last slope of the domain
where the partners were lying exhausted
from their work, was broken in upon by
the appearance of a email boy barefooted,'
sunburnt and tow-beaded, who, after a
moment's hurried scrutiny of the group,
threw a letter with unerring precision
Into the lap of Jackson Wells and then
fled precipitately. Jackson Instinctively
suspected he was connected with the out
rage on his fence and gatepost, but as he
had avoided telling his partners of the
Incident, fearing: to increase their bellig
erent attitude, he felt now an awkward
"Sir— This Is to inform you that, al
(Zioufh you have got bold of the property.
consciousness mingled with bis Indigna
tion, a* he broke the seal and read as fol
lows:
Wells signed reluctantly, and Wyngate
offered to find a Chinaman in the gulch
who would take the missive. "And beln'
"Never you .mind, sonny, but sign!
Leave the rest to your partners, and when
you lay your head on your pillow to-night
return thanks to an overruling Providence
for providing you with the right gang of
ruffians to look after. you!".;
"But this will look as if we were angry
and wanted to keep the plants," protested
Wells.
"Sir— In reply to the hogwash you have
kindly exuded in your letter of to-day, I
have to Inform you that you can have
what you ask for Miss Wells, and per
haps a trifle on your own account, by call-
Ing this afternoon on yours truly." ,
"Now sign it," continued Bice, handing
him the pencil. ¦ • ' ¦
Here Ned " Wyngate was heard to mur
mur and Jackson was one of those men
who would lie down and let coyotes crawl
over him if they first presented a girl's
visiting card, but he was stopped by Rice
demanding paper and pencil. The for
mer being torn from a memorandum
book and a stub of the latter produced
from another pocket, he wrote as follows:
"And" what then?" persisted Jackson,
with a certain show of j independence.
"If the stuff belongs to the girl, I'm not
certain I shan't'' give them up without
any fuss. Lord! I want nothing but
what the old man left me— and , certainly
nothing- of hers."
It is to be feared that Jackson would
have suppressed this also, but the keen
eyes of his partners, excited by the
abruptness of the messenger, were upon
him. He smiled feebly, and laid the let
ter before them. But he waa unprepared
for. their exaggerated indignation, and
with difficulty restrained them from dash-
Ing off in the direction of the vanished
herald. "And what could you do?" he
said, "the boy's only a messenger."
"I'll get at that skunk. Brown, who's
back of him," said Dexter Rice.
"Well— don't!" she burst out abruptly.
He stared at her.
"Oh. I'm not trying to keep you here."
she went on, flashing back into her old
temper, "so you needn't stare like that.
I say 'don't' because it ain't right— it ain't
fair."
"Why— he's left m» no alternative." ha
said.
"That's Just It— that's why It's mean
and low. I don't care if he la our uncle."
Jackson was bewildered and shocked.
"I know It's horrid to say It," she said,
with a white face, "but It's horrldsr to
keep It in! Oh Jack! when we were little*
— arid used to fight and auarrel— I never
was mean — was I? I never was under
handed—was I? I never lied — did I? And
I can't He now, Jack," she looked hurried
ly around her, "he wants to get hold of
the land— he thinks there's gold in tha
slope and bank by the stream. He says
Dad was a fool to have located bis claim
so high up. Jack, did you ever prospect
the bank?"
A dawning of intelligence came upon
Jackson. "No," he said, "but." he added,
bitterly. **what"s the use? He owns the
water now— I couldn't work it."
"But. Jack— if you found the color, this
would be a mining claim! You could claim
the water right — and as it's your land
your claim would be first!"
Jackson was startled. "Yes, If I found
the color."
"You would find it." \
"Would?"
"Yes! I did. On the sly! Yesterday
morning on your slope by the stream
when no one waa up! I washed a pan
ful and got that—." She took a piece of
tissue paner from her pocket, opened it
and shook into her little palm three tiny
pin points of gold.
"And that was your own idea, Jossv?"
"Yes." , ¦ - — — J
"Your very own?"
"Honest Ingin!"
"Wish you may die?"
"True, O King!"
He opened his arms and they mutually
embraced. Then they separated, taking
hold of each other's hands solemnly and
falling back until they were at arm's
length. Then they slowly extended their
arms sideways at full length until this ac
tion naturally brought their faces and lips
together. They did this with the utmost
gravity three times, and then embraced
again, rocking on pivoted feet like a met
ronome.. Alas! It was no momentary in
spiration. The moat casual indifferent ob
server could see that it was the result of
long previous practice and shameless ex
perience. And as such — it was a revela
tion and an explanation.
"I always suspected that Jackson was
playln' us about that red haired cousin,"
said Rice two weeks later, "but I . can't
swallow that purp stuff about her puttin*
him up to that dodge about a new gold
discovery on a fresh claim Just to knock
out Brown. No. sir. He found that gold
in ODenln' these irrigatin" trenches — the
usual nigger luck— flndin* what you're not
lookin' arter."
"Well, we can't complain, for he's of
fered to work It on shares with us." said
Briefs.
"Yes— until he's ready to take in an
other partner."
It was his cousin standing a few yard*
from him In evident hesitation. She waa
quite pale, and for a moment he thought
she was still suffering from her fall, until
he saw in her nervous half-embarrassed
manner that It had no physical cause.
Her old audacity and anger seemed gone,
yet there waa a cueer determination in
her pretty brows.
"Good evening." he said.
She did not return his greeting, but
pulling uneasily at her gloves said hesi
tatingly, "Uncle has asked you to sell
him this land?"
He had little heart in his labors that
day and dismissed the Chinaman early.
He again examined his uncle's old min
ing claim on the top of the slope, but was)
satisfied that It had been a hopeless en
terprise and wisely abandoned. It waa
sunset when he stood under the buckeyes,
gloomy looking at the glow fade out or
the west as it had out of his boyish hopes.
He had grown to like the place. It was
the hour. too. -when the few flowers ha
had cultivated gave back their pleasant
odors as if grateful for his care. And
then be beard his name called.
sterile. Jackson suaaenry recalled the
prophecy of the gloomy barkeeper. The
end had come! But what ' could th*
scheming capitalist want with the land
equally useless, as bis uncle had proved,
for mining purposes? Could it be sheer
malignity, Incited by his vengeful cousin?
But here he paused, rejecting the Idea as
quickly as It came. No, bis partners
were right He was a trespasser on his
cousin's heritage— there was no lack In It
he was wrong, and this was his punish
ment! Instead of yielding gracefully as
he might, he must back down now, and,
she would never know hla first real feel-
Ings. Even now he would make over tha
property to her as a free gift, but bi»
partners bad advanced him money from
their scanty means to plant and work it.
He believed that an appeal to their feel-
Ings would persuade them to forego even
that; but he shrank even more from con
fessing his defeat to them than to her.
by unaerhand and sneaking ways, you
ain't no right to touch or lay your vile
hands on the Cherokee Rose alongside
the house, nor on the Giant of Battles,
nor on the Maiden's Pride by the gate —
the same being the property of Miss Jose
iinda Wells, and planted by her, under
penalty of the law. And if you, or any
of your gang of ruffians, touches It or
them, or any thereof, or don't deliver it
up when called for in good order, you will
be persecuted by them. AVENGER."
The afternoon wore on; the tall Doug
las'pines near the water pools wheeled
their long shadows round and half way
up the. slope, and the sun began to peer
into the faces of the reclining men. Sub
tle odors of mint and southernwood,
stragglers from the garden,. bruised by
their limbs, replaced the fumes of their
smoked-out pipes, and the hammers of
the woodpeckers were busy in the' grove
as they lay lazily nibbling the fragrant
leaves like peaceful ruminants. Then
came, the sound of approaching wheels
along the invisible highway beyond the
buckeyes, and then a halt and silence.
Rice rose slowly; bright pin points in the
pupils of his gray, eyes.
"BrJngin' a wagon with him to tote the
hull shanty away," said Wyngate.
"Or fetched his own ambulance," said
Brisgs. Nevertheless after a pause the
wheels presently rolled away again
"We'd better go and meet him at the
gate." said Rice, hitching his revolver
holster nearer his hip. "That wagon
stopped long enough to put down three
a Chinaman, Brown can do any cusshV
or back talk through him!" he added.
"tnat is so prejudiced tus to v _P'y »ncn
language to a beautiful orphan — torn with
grief at the loss of a beloved but mis
construing parent— merely because "she
begs a few vegetables out of . his potato
patch— ain' t : to be reasoned . with. But
when you come * to look at -this thinsr by
and large, and as a far-minded man, son
ny, you'll, agree with us that the sooner
you make terms with : her | the better.
Conslderln' ' your h Interest, Jackay— let
alone the claims of humanity — we've con
cluded to withd/aw from here until this
thing is settled. She's sort o f mixed us
up with your feelings agin her, and natu
rally supposed we object- to the' color of
her hair, and beln' a penniless orphan,
rejected by her . relations— "
"What stuff are you talking?" burst in
Jackson, "why you saw she treated you
better than she did me." -^ ¦ ¦ '¦:¦'/.
"Steady! There you go with that tem
per of yours that frightened the girl! Of
course she could see that we were fair
minded men, accustomed, to the ways or
society, and not upset ¦ by the visit. of a
lady or' the grlvin' up of a few green
sticks! But let that, slide! "We're goin"
back home to-night, sonny, and '"^ when
you've thought* this thing over and are
straightened ufi and get your right bear-
. sne was managing with an 111 -temper and
grace equal to the brute's— to I the alter
nate delight • and terror of her. cavalier.
He could see j that she had been petted
' and spoiled by her new guardian and his
friends far beyond his conception. But
j why she should grudge htm the little gar
den . and the pastoral life for which she
'was so unsulted puzzled him greatly.
. One afternoon he was working near the
road, when he was startled by an outcry
from hla Chinese laborers, their rapid dis
persal from the strawberry beds whera
.they were working, the splintering crash
of his fence rails and a commotion among
the buckeyes. Furious at. what seemed
to | him one of the usual wanton attacks
upon coolie labor, he seized his pick and
ran to their assistance. But he was sur
prised to find Jocelinda's mustang caught
by the saddle and struggling between two
trees, and Its unfortunate mistress lying
upon the strawberry bed. •
; Shocked but cool headed. Jackson re
leased the horse first, which was lashing
about and destroying everything within
' his reach, and then turned to his cousin.
; But she had already lifted herself to her
elbow, and with a trickle of blood and
mud on one fair cheek was surveying him
scornfully under her tumbled hair and
hanging hat. •• . " ' ; .
"You don't suppose I was trespassing
on your wretched patch again, do you?'
she said in a voice she was trying to
keep from breaking. "It was that brute
—who bolted." ." f
. "I don't suppose you were bullying me
this time." he said, "but you were your
horse— or It wouldn't have happened. Are
you hurt?" ,
She' tried to move: he offered her his
hand, but she shied from It, and strug
gled to her feet. She took a step for
ward—but limped. .
"If you don't want my arm, let me call
a Chinaman," he suggested. .
She glared at him. "If you do 1 11
scream!" she said in a. low voice, and he
knew she would. But at the same mo
ment her face whitened, at which he slip
ped his arm under hers in a dexterous,
businesslike way, so as to support her
weight. Then her hat got askew and
down cam* a long braid over his shoul
der; he remembered it of old— only it was
- two or three feet longer and darker than
then. "It you could manage to limp as
far as the gate and sit down on the bank,
I'd get your horse for you," he said. I
hitched it to a sapling." • .
"I saw you did— before you even offered
to help me." she said scornfully.
"The horse would have got away— you
couldn't." . „
"If you only knew now I hated you,
ehe said with a white face— but a tremb
ling lip.
"I don't see how ' that would make
things any better," he said. "Better wipe
your face: it's scratched and muddy, and
you've been rubbing your nose In my
.strawberry bed." • - _ '
Bhe snatched his proffered handkerchief
suddenly, applied it to her face and said,
"I suppose it looks dreadful."
"Like a pig's," he returned cheerfully.
She -walked a little more firmly after
this until they reached the gate. He
seated her on the bank and went back
for the mustang. That beautiful brute,
astounded and sore from its contact
with the top rail and brambles, was
cowed and subdued as he led it back.
She had finished wiping her face and
was hurriedly disentangling two stinging
tears from, her long lashes before she
threw back his handkerchief. Her
sprained ankle obliged him to lift her
Into the saddle and adjust her little shoa
in the stirrup. *He remembered when It
was still smaller. . "You used to ride
astride," he said, a flood of recollection
coming over him, "and it's much . safer
with your temper and that brute."
"And you," she said in a lower voice,
"used to be " But the rest of her sen
tence-was lost In the switch of the whip,
and the jump of her horse, but he thought
the word was "kinder."
Perhaps this was why, after he watched
her canter away, he went back to the gar
den, and from the bruised and trampled
strawberry bed gathered a small basket
of the finest fruit, covered them with
leaves, added a paper with the highly in
genious witticism, "Picked up with you,"
and sent them to her by one of the China
men. Her forcible entry moved Li Sing,
his foreman, also chief laundryman to. the
settlement, to reminiscences:
"Me heap knew Missy Wells *pnd ole
man who go dead. Ole man allee time
make chin music to missy. Allee time
jaw, jaw— allee time make lows— allee time
cuttee up missy! Plenty time lookee up
missy top side house; no can walkee— no
can talkee — no nab got— how can Ret?—
must washee. washee allee samee China
man. Ole man go dead— Missee all lightee '
now. Plenty fun. Plenty stay, in Blown's
big house, top side hill: Blown first chop
man." • Had he inauired .he might have
found this pagran testimony for once cor
roborated by the Christian neighbors.
But another incident, drove all this,
from his mind. The little . stream — the
llfeblood of his garden— ran dry. Inquiry
showed that it ha* been' diverted two
miles away Into Brown's ditch. Wells'
Indignant protest elicited a formal reply
from Brown, stating: that he owned the
adjacent mining claims, and reminding
jacKson had beeni astonished. He
would have scarcely recognl2ed In this
willful beauty the red-haired girl whom
he had boyishly hated and with whom
he had often quarreled. But there was
a recollection— and with that' recollection
came an instinct of habit. , He looked her
squarely in the face and to the horror of
his partners said: "Say please!"
They had expected to see' him fall—smit
ten with the hairpin! But she only
stopped and then in bitter irony said'
"Please; Mr. Jackson Wells." ,
"I haven't dug them up yet— and it
would serve you just right if I made
you get it for yourself. But perhaps my
friends here might heli> you— if you were
civil." The three partners seized spades
and hoes and rushed forward 1 eagerly
"Only show us what you want," they said
in one voice. The young girl stared at
them and at Jackson. Then with a swift
determination, she turned her back scorn
fully upon .him and with a dazzling smile
which reduced the three men to absolute
idiocy said to the others, "I'll show you "
and marched away to the cabin. '
"Ye mustn't mind. Jacksy," said Rice
sycophantically edging to her side, "he's
so cj'-t up with losin' your father, that
he loved like a son," he isn't himself, and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Yes."
7
ln's, we'll stand by you as .before. We'fV
put a man on to do. your work on th«
ledge — so you needn't worry about that."
They were quite firm . in this decision-,
however 'absurd or obscure' their conclu
sions—and Jackson,' after his first flash
of Indignation, felt a certain relief: In
their departure. But strangely enough
while he had hesitated about keeping the
property: when they were j violently In
favor of it, he. now. felt- he was right in
retaining it against theiradvice to com
promise. . The sentimental idea had van
ished with . his recognition of his hateful
cousin in the role of the Injured orphan.
And for the same odd reason her. pretti-.
ness only; increased his resentment. He
was not deceived— It was the same capri
cious, willful red-haired girl. :..:,
The next • day • he set himself to work
with that dogged steadiness that belonged
to his simple nature and which had en
deared .him to his partners. He set half
a dozen Chinamen \ to work — and followed
—although apparently" directing ¦.•• their
methods.'. The great difficulty 'was to, re
strain and control the excessive vegeta
tion and he matched the small economies
of the Chinese- against : the. opulence of
the Californlan soil. The "garden patch"
prospered; the neighbors . spoke 'well of
It * and of him. - But Jackson | knew . that
this fierce harvest of early spring was to
be followed, by ; the - sterility, of the dry
season — and .that | irrigation ¦ could ¦¦ alone
make his work profitable in the end. > He
brought a pump to force. tho water frony
the little stream' at the foot of the ! slop*
to :•: the '¦ top-^and r . allowed /• It • to flow bacb '
through parallel trenches. , ; Again Buck
eye applauded! Only .the gloomy > bar.
keeper shook -his head. ',' "The ' moment
you eet that thing to pay, Mr. . "Wells,
you'll find the hand of Brown somewhere,
getting ready to squeeze it dry!",rv - -.-
But Jackson Wells did not trouble'him
self - about ''¦'. Brown, ..whom ' he ' scarcely
knew.* Once;; indeed,\ while trenching the
ilope," he v. was .conscious .that ' he . wm< •
watched " by* two men from" the : opposite
jank, but \ they I were apparently \ satisfied .
ay ; their scrutiny \ and - turned away. \) Still .
ess did he concern himself with the move- 1 '
nents • of his ¦ cousin, -.who " once - or.- twice '
jassed him superciliously in her buggy on
;he ;road. > Again, she met- him ; as; one" of
i cavalcade of riders mounted on a hand
lome ! but ill-tempered ¦ mustang— which >
him' that mining 1 rights to water took pre
cedence of the agricultural' claim— but of
fering, t by way of compensation, . to pur
chase the 'land thus ] made useless and
.- "Not — Brown?" said his horrified com
panions. "" ¦. J
"No! but Brown's ¦ adopted daositer- •
thai red haired cousin!"
INHERITANCETHE SUNDAY itJALL.
1 ¦¦'."..•¦'.-' ¦•'•"¦: • '.
(Copyright, 1901,. by A. J. Moore.)
MR. A. ESOP UP TO DATE.
"because there can be No Doubt that
thou hast '.a Through Ticket And C a
Reserved Seat in 4 the very First i Row
—thou art' so Lovely! ( Farewell till
we * Meet 'Again,* O . sweetest of /Hu-
Then ho Passed Out and ths Fool
Idiots went 4 their "Way looking for
another Monster. There was Misery
in Plenty^ all; along their.; Pathway-—
deserving. Misery-^-yet did they give
' it the Boston Stare and refuse to
Slosh/Over, 1 , for" were they not .Fool
Idiots P And was there not Sour Mush
iti their ; heads instead . of ,Womanly .
BrainsP Yea, verily ! ; - , ;
; Moral: Sympathy is a blessed
thing— but be .sure it is . not Mor
bidity.
'' Second Moral: Were the Devil
¦visit the earth he woufd have a Dele
gation of Fool 1 Idiots .to Meet; him at
the Station. \
- Third JChug: There be Many ""Fools'
. in -the World," but "the Fool that Slopf
¦ peth Over and pitieth t the * Depraved
Murderer is the bna that driveth Men
"Go to I Thou hast been Very Good
to me! yet candor forces me to the Ob
servation that if . thou ; coritemplatest
visiting the Better World, then will
I sell my Through Ticket to a Scalper
and "ride a Brakebeam to the Other
Resort ', for of a Truth thou art Too
Many, even for v the Stomach of a Hu
zian Fiend !", and he bade the hang
man Make Haste that he might Est
cape Them. ;.Vi
THE HUMAN FIEND AND THE FOOL.
-man Fiends!" and they howled) one
end all, and slobbered down his Neck
and Bored him exceeding Bad, even so
that he was possessed of a Tired Feel
ing and spake unto them, saying: -
"Thou art the Criminal of the Cen
tury I" said they, "and Thou wilt look
Quite Swell at the end of a Bope."
So they took timbers and builded
a Gallows. ¦ : ¦ ¦ .
And Morbid people made pilgrim
ages of Many Miles to see the Fiend,
also they trampled one another into a
Rich Paste trying to Shake his Hand;
for that is the Way many people Ar a
Built. v :
Then came divers and ] many Fe
male Fool Idiots to Blubber and faint
and grow Hysterical over the Human
Fiend; likewise they' 'brought unto
him fruit and 'flowers and Fried
Chicken. v Ji^
For know, O Friends, that, though
the Fool Idiot looketh like a Woman,
yet hath she Mush; instead 'of Brains
and an Eye ; that. leaketh No Tear^ for
Honest Wretchedness 'but gusheth
forth like ' a busted Water Main ; for
the Human Fiend who hath commit
ted some Heinous Crime against
Womanhood.'''/ " , ¦"
And when the . Fiend V, was , Led
Forth to the / Gallows : the Female
Fool Idiots- w^ere On the Spot with a
Large Wad of Maudlin Sympathy.V:'
¦ /- "We'll meet thee > ; in ¦ a '. Better
World!" squealed th« Fool Idiots,
«ffv» HUMAN Fiend once slew at
yO\ whole family under circum
ll f p stances of Great Atrocity; yea,
verily, he tortured his Victims and
then burned' them Alive, wherefore
men took him and placed him On Ien.
"What one hath done another can
do I" he said. "Now Watch Me and
you'll get Some Pointers!'/ and he.
Dived off with a Mighty Splash.
"Pouf !" strangled the Monk, J'thou
ert homely, but truly thou art more
at home in the water than I!"
" And the Turtle had the Tip of his
Nose above water. "He, he!" he snig
gered, "I may be homely, but" I am
not a Fool! — and lo! now art thou
both!"
"Alas!" gurgled the Monk, as he
Went Down for the Last Time, "too
Late I Have Discovered that- Any
lool can Dive, but not Every Fool can
Swim Out!"— and the Lowly -Turtle
Dined off him Later On. ' /
c Moral: Before thou laugh at a Jay
try how thou wouldst look in a Patch
ed Shirt and Overalls. ,
Second Plunk: The Graceful Danc
ing Master would look like . a Bad
Dream were he rigged up and trying
to follow a Plow. -
And .Verily: As. the. poor Monkey
observed, it is Dead Easy to Dive In^
but it is quite Another Thing to Be
able to Swim Out. . "-:
Pool below. '
Now the Monkey waa a Wise Gazip
who believed, himself able -to trump
Any Lead, from hanging 'all day by
the Tail to blowing the Big Horn on
the Day of Judgment.
"If it cometh to That," he said,
"by Fpllux and Dern thou thyself art
no Prize Beauty! Also, thou wouldst
look Ten Times Worse than I wcrt
thou to take a Plunge, for verily,
what appeareth Most Swell on Land
looketh like Four Cents in the
Water!" and he slid from his Percii
upon the Log and did diverse and
many Graceful Stunts in the Deep
THt /HOTKEY AND THE T URTU5-
A MONKEY happened by where a
Lowly Turtle lay Sunning him
self upon a Log.
"Ho, ho!" laughed the Monk,
"•what a Funny Looking Gazabe thou
art, to be Sure I" and he whooped and
Howled and slapped himself upon the
Thigh till the tears ran down his
Face. : i -'}:>:
Now such things . did not Look
Good to the Turtle, -who was a Solemn
Guy and not given to ebullitions of
TJnaeemly Mirth.
"Moral :l Monkey with buzzsews.if
it pleaseth ; thee, * but .' allow • not • thy
. fit is well to cry. 'Save Me' after
thou - hast Gotten it in - the Neck !",
¦quoth * the Scared Farmer, ; "but tha
Safest "Man is 'the ' one who taketh
even the advice of a Fool and Stayetb,
out of Danger!" -.Then.he rode away,
. furiously for the Hook f and Ladder
'¦ Company, for .was not the Sage' hang
ing by, the slack of his Trousers in tha
lop of a Tall TreeP,' Yea, verily 1 1 - '
"Save Me!", he wailed.
Then did the Meek Ass heave, a
Weary Sigh and' wriggle one ear
Slightly. The Next Instant the Sag3
was doing the Aerial Dive Reversed.
"Go .tor said the Sage, sternly.
f'What kriowest thou about the Lower
Kingdom P I. have a. theory that an
Animal knoweth instinctively , whea
it meeteth a true , Lover . of Nature,"
and he put Forth his Claw to Stroke
the Tired Beast. . N
"Get Wise !" cried the • Farmer.
"Have no ', Dealings with That End
unless thou.Hankerest for a Harp and
Crownl Of a Truth thou" hadst Muca
Better Charge a Battery!"
"Ho, Friend," called the Sage,
"Thou hast there a most Pious-Look
ing beast. Behold, I am * a lover of
Nature and . I fain would stroke his
.Glossy Hide." . Wherefore be ap
proached the animal from Behind.
And it came to pass that the Saga
met a Farmer - with Burrs in his
whiskers riding upon! a Downcast
Ass.
v «v\? SAGE went forth into the field3
/l\ to commune with Nature a Few.
£f~v> Now the Sage* was a Senti
mental old Geezer who possessed' a
heart that was" bursting with the
love of Nature and' Bugs and Things;
also he loved to promulgate Theories
and call them Facts.
, The* Theme: A Theory is not ITsces
earilyaFacV.
Second, Tip: Be not superstitious,
but when thou observeth a nervous
movement in a mule's Hind Leg it is
¦well to remember that there may be
something in signs after all.
And verily, iny Son: Never whack
a Canister -with a sledge-hammer to
see if it containeth Dynamite. Giva
it the benefit of the Doubt and
Pass On.
TltWSE AND TRS JACKASS.
walls to pasture around where they;
will Pester thy Neighbors.
WHEN THE DEAD SEEM T O AWAKEN
LIVE persons have feigned deach
with marvelous, exactness. but
'when the dead feign life, or seem
to feign life', the spectacle. ls< as
grewsome as can well be Imazined.
Not long ago a Russian cemetery was
the scene of as weird a weddlns a3 ever
has been witnessed. A young girl who had
been betrothed died on the'eve of her mar
riage, and her friends decided that in
spite of the intervening hand of death the
marriage should be carried on, and the
ceremony «vas performed at the side of
the grave, and after the >marriase the
body was returned to the coffln and low
ered to Its long resting place. " j
It is less than a year ago that a valu
able cup was won in a bicycle race in
Australia by. a man who was -lead when
he passed the winning post. The' race took
place at an "electric light carnival," so
called, in the presence of 10,000 spectators.
In the last lap James Somerville. a rider,
forged to the front and secured suc!i a
lead that his victory was assured. .When
within twenty-five yards of the finish he
was seen to relax his hold on the handle
bar and to relax his hold on the pedals.
He did r.ot fall from the machine, -owever,
and amid frantic cheers dashed by the
goal, winning the race by half a wheel. As
he passed the finishing post he nitched for
ward and fell to> the ground. When he
was nicked. up he-was found to be dead,
and what was more, the doctors declared
that death had come to him- when he was
seen to lose his hold of the handle bars.
It was a dead body that had ridden the
last twenty-five yards, of the race.
On a recent voyage the sealing schooner
Arietis was cruising about 200 miles oft
the coast of British Columbia when s!ie
sighted a dismasted ship. The Arietis bore
down upon the derelict, and as she got
near enough a man was seen on board
grasping the wheel and apparently steer
ing the craft. No other stans of man was
seen on the ship. The man at the wheel
was hailed but returned no answer— just
stood there grasping the spokes of the
wheel and lookins straight ahead. A boat
was lowered and the mysterous ship
boarded. When they came close to the
man at the wheel. they saw with horror
that he was dead and had- evidently, been
dead for many days. The ship, which
was named the General Siglin, had sailed
from San Francisco for Alaska. She had
clearly been dismantled in a gale and then
abandoned by. her crew., The captain-had
refused- to leave the ship, and finding his
strength .failing • he had lashed himself
to the wheel, and literally died at his post,
steering" the craft >t or hundreds'of miles
with hands that held the wheel in as firm
a grip as when alive. ./
FEATS OF MALAY GYMNASTS
STOUNDING gymnastic feats, evi
//\ dencing remarkable physical endur
n w E.nce, are being performed just now
in the large cities of the European
continent by a troupe of Malays.
The troupe of performers comprises two
men and three women. The chief's name
is Deavida. His star feat has thrilled im
mense audiences. Deavida places a long
bamboo stick, which is adjusted in a mov
able pivot, against his abdomen, and then
balances himself in a semi-vertical pbsi
tiou on. its extreme point In midair. An
attendant then throws a number of
earthen vessels to him, which he catches
and balances on his head. He is able to
ir.a!i:tain his ecuilibrium on the bamboo
sticks, performing all sorts of Jugglery,
for nearly fifteen minutes.
The women of his troupe are young and
remarkably pretty, hailing from the
southwest coast of India. At home these
girls serve as bajaderes or dancers in the
temples. They are agile and efficient in
their art. German papers describe their
fire and evil dances as "hair -raising" in
their effort on the spectators.
Malabar, the second man of the com
pany, excels his companion In feats of
strength and in the faker's art. It is
claimed for him that his ancestors for
numerous generations past are recorded
¦ in India's history as the chiefs of necro
mancers and jugglers. The crowning lea
ture of his performance "consists in van
ishing from view on the stage while speak
ing and uttering weird incantations before
his audience. That it is all an optical il
lusion is obvious, but how it is done is dif
ficult to understand, as no second person
is Dresent, and no cloth or article of any
kind Is seen in the hands of Malabar. Ho
calls attention to his empty hands, walks
forward and backward before the foot
lights, then, without a word of warning,
he is gone. His reappearance is as sud
den and inexplicable as his disappearance,
the audience r.ot being able to observe a
single motion during the vanishing or re
appearing acts. »
These people. have never performed out
side of their own land. American showmen
have made them flattering oflers for tours
ofvthe United States, but all have been
decHned. The fact is they are homesick,
especially the women, who are unable to
undure the rigorous climate of Northern
Europe, and they are in deadly fear of
crossing the ocean.
TO PARE ELEPHANT'S CORNS
WILLIAM SNYDER, elephant
keeper and chiropodist," is the
way his cards should read, but
Snyder is not proud of his work
in removing corns and clipping toenails
from the feet of his iiuge charges in the
Central Park Zoo, so he is content to be
known merely as "the elephant man."
Julie and Tom, the huge beasts that eat
all the peanuts that visitors will give
them, are anxious to be given the free
dom of their back yards. They , feel the
spring warmth and they want to be out
of doors. But during the winter the five
toenails on each of the ponderous | feet
have grown several inches and must be
trimmed, and corns weighing perhaps ten
pounds each have been formed on. the
soles, of the feet. These toenails and
corns must be Temoved, and Keeper Sny
der "is the man who musfdo'it.
Snyder, explains that »wlld elephants
keep their toenails worn short and the
soles of their feet thin by exercise. While
in captivity, lack of. exercise causes corns
and bunions to form and the toenails be
come'too long and are frequently "in
growing." Tom has been manicured be
fore, and Snyder expects little trouble
with him, a3 he knows that the us© of
rasp, jack plane, drawing knife and prun
ing shears is a necessary part of his
spring toilet.
"Julie is a worse proposition," says
Snyder. "She knows nothing about the
fine points of pedicure, and she Is ner-»
vcus, like most women. She will try to
kill me, sure.
"She won't lie down when I tell her,
and she , won't stay down when she's
there. She utterly refuses to put her foot
on the block, and she gets frightened to
death when we try to tie her. You might
Just as well try to tie down a locomotive
when she gets frightened.
"I'll take her in the morning, when we
can lock all the doors and there won't b»
any spectators around to get killed. We'll
get tall the helpers to manage her and
ues all the rope in the park if necessary.
"People will hear her down at the. Bat
tery, but her corns" have got to be cut if
we have to call out the militia. When
the elephants get mad that way they
stir up all the other animals, and there*
will be a chorus singing that -will maka
Central Park sound like the Jungles of
Africa mixed with the prairies of tha
frontier."
He's got a pretty decent outfit but more
money than 1 would want to tie up in. a
bunch of boards and paint. Say, you'd
I don't generally swell up about my ap
pearance, but I was O. ,-K. We looked
around over the clubhouse and 1 got along
up in G ; with the sister. • Then .we
were rowed out. to Joe's boat where she
was staked, about a" hundred yards from
chore.
Ever see Joe's wife's sister? Say, she's
a winner, all rights Beautiful blonde
hair all good, too, I think, as well as I
could set- with my glasses. Great, .big
girl. I was glad I had bought some of the
right things in yachting duds; nice white
ducks and a blue cap with gold braid.
Now, I wasn't stuck on that a little bit.
I'm net partial to these nice little family
parties. But, you see, '1 had come in,
so 1 thought I might as well stay with
the game and later on drift in to some of
Joe's swell times.
"All right," said he. "We'll make it a
nice iittle home party for your maiden
run. I've got to square myself with my
wife this week, so you and I will take her
and her sister out."
"Come along next Sunday, then," said
Joe. And I said: "I'm your man; count
on me."
"Jack, do you know anything about
Bailing?" said he. "Oh, a few," said I
carelessly.
The idea of that select afternoon with
congenial spirits kind of took my fancy,
so I said if he would give me another
throw I would be with him on the' square.
Well, you know, I am not such a pile
on matters connected with the sea, but I
do know a few apt terms. I got them
down pat from running a half-column a
week of sailing news when I worked on
a paper in Nevada. .
He said: "Why, Jollop, I've tried time
and again to get you on the water, but
you didn't seem to be much on aquatics."
on it. Well, he got my enthusiasm, all
right. I asked him why he didn't let me
take a chance when there was something
doing like that.
He talked of a nice little feed on board
and lots of singing and Just enough wind
to sail lazilj' around and make the other
fellows feel sore to think they were not in
You see, Joe has always been swelling
wound about' fresh air and sailing and
how good he felt, and cold plunges, and
all that sort of rot. I never took stock In
that flubdub, but the other day we met
In the oyster house at lunch, and he told
me about the ewellest time he had with a
lot of gay birds from the theater. Say,
from what he says it must have been up
to the limit-
» %
•">r O1IE of these cheap friends of mine
think they have the best on me
YJ yet. I came pretty near being It
S-^ for the dead wagon, let me tell you.
I haven't been doing a thing but
¦wear bandages and complexion masks and
pick sunburn peel off my hands. What's
the matter? Oh, nothing much — only
I thought I would do a yachting stunt.
I feel a little better now that the sun
burn has commenced to peel. I'm getting
a comDlexion like a new-born babe, but
my glasses hurt my nose so I can't read.
I had such a nice note from sister. Say,
that, girl's all right. She tells . me that
Joe has just bought his wife a sealskin.
I had to wear a sixteen collar and a fat
man's trousers home. The » doctor has
been coming every day since and I hope
he gets his money some time.
They finally got some hard wad down
me and I got up and took notice. I looked
like just about 5 cents' worth of skimmed
milk. You see — now this is on the quiet —
I had bought some navy blue underwear
to go with the ducks and I hadn't thought
it worth while to spend JS per for fast
colors. Well, the darned things turned
me into a blue-streaked Hyena and every
body laughed. ¦ I would have licked the
Whole crowd if I hadn't been shy on my
glasses. . ; '. ¦.".',¦¦
the time I had come up for the eighteenth
and was blowing: water like a ipoutlnff
whale I didn't do a thins: but vocaJlza oa
high C. I kept yelling all the way on the
down trla until I touched bottom, and I
filled my lungs up with so much bad liquid
corning up again that I felt like a blow
hole in a piece of Swiss cheese.
>^Then it was that those geezers came to
the conclusion it was time to take a hand,
and somebody grabbed me with a boat
hook. It la strange how foolish people
can be about handling sharp tools. He not
only ripped a gash In my shoulder, but
busted the back out of my new coat.
The next thing I knew I was In the wet
all right, all right. I might have been It
even then, but when I came up I had lost
¦ my glasses and couldn't even see where
the clubhouse had gone. . What made me
feel so bad was' that I heard that big
duffer's sister say, "Oh, hej^s not hurt: he
only fell in the water," and then added,
something about too much liquor. The
last I couldn't catch very well, because I
was busy doing the three times up and
a morgue slab act. I knew I was off as a
hero In the eyes of sister, but still I hated
to yell. It was evident those - mariners
are used to people falling overboard who
can swim. ¦ I commenced to think -that
¦they had all concluded to give me the
go-by, for fear I might feel hurt at-at
tracting attention. Well, I'll tell you, by
Now you know I never look for trouble
of that sort. But what could I do? I
couldn't fall j down with Joe's siste*r-ln
law looking at me. I'm quick in an
emergency, all right, and I guess I
would have made good if it hadn't been
for the sea- roll in my legs and the spray
on my glasses. You know, for a hundred
and-thirty-poun'l man I can place a hot
bunch of fives on" the old punching bag
I have down in the cellar. I just aimed
to give that fellow an aurora borealis in
the pit of the stomach. I sidestepped a
little too far.
could see that It was winners hands
down for Joe without me. But tho big
brother thought there out to be some
thing doing all along the line. He started
for me.
I tried to do the interested bystander
gag just off hand . for a minute, - for I
I will say it for the other fellow that
he was dead game, -for he wasn't as uig
as Joe, but he cut In' with: '.'I don't give
a damn who they are.." Then they com
menced passing them out pretty lively.
Joe had; the long end of the stick right
from the start and did splendid work.
When we rowed over in the amnll boat
and finally landed on the float I felt so
happy Mint I (nutated upon passing around
a farewell flank that I had with me and
doing a few fancy steps. I guesa I wai
a. little gsy, but not enough to call for
trouble. . ii??£'l\ ¦']'''• .--'.r ' ¦ ¦
A guy who had just Joined the rlub
and had taken his wife and brother and
sister out for a sail landed his party
Just then on the float. It seems' he was
a little', sore on some remarks Joe's the
ntrical friends had passed before his
wife's crowd a ¦ week ago. He had been
kicking about members bringing gay
birds around to the club where they
were apt to be bumped up against other
fellows' wives. I didn't know that. I
thought these people were a lot, of jolly
fellows like us. I offered the main stem
ray flask. He turned to his friend and
remarked in a free-for-all s4age whisper:
"This Is as bad as last week. This club
should take action to protect Its mem
bers from drunken roisterers and their
female friends." Pretty . good words,
those,, eh! "Female friends!". -Joe was
next to the Intimation and knew that
his wife would be asking questions about
that "bad last week." He got hot in the
collar and talked. back quick.
He said: "I understand that that re
mark is addressed against my party, and
you'll have-to apologize. This lady is
my wife and this is her sister." Joe al
ways ¦:. had a very careless way about
stirring up, trouble.
You ought to have been around taking
polnt» ; to ace the way we "picked up our
moorings," u» Joe «ny», I did §ome great
work with the bonthook pinching the
hunch of chickens, nnd neurly went over
board. Hister said Itlwos n good ntunt on
my part, 'though, so i followed the, lead
and anked her to go driving with me in
the park if we ever rot on dry land. Say,
«ho'8 nil right! "The doc guys I won't be
out for a week yet,' but when 1 do I'll
make ft good.
• I found that to keep a way from that
tired feeling In my stomach I had to hit
the hnrdwad outfit pretty rapid. Tint It
doesn't affect you much when you have
the fre*h jcnlt breez« blowing In your face.
Those girJs wero all, right. They hit the
hard wad a bit- Just enough to be good
fellows, but not too much. And the way
they knew the names of the ropes and
what to do was a marvel. It was Just as
well, because I was a little on the, pork
as a sailor. J tTdn't put Joe on particu
larly, but I gucys he was wise. He was
good enough to say that the lick I got off
the island was enough to do anybody up,
and he would take me from the crew and
write m'4 down on the passenger list.
The only gladitidings I. had' from home
was the hard wad. Hard wad's what they
call the booze'in select yachting circles —
that Is, the 'skee; beer_ comes under the
head of soft. Joe said I'd better take
some hard wad, arid I did what was right
—you know, thjt was a fearful crack I got
on the nook. Say, when you'drlnk out of
a demijohn you get more than you think
you do. '-'. '-¦-¦;
You know, you can't get seasick oh the
bay— so Joe says. -But the general excite
ment had upset me a little. .
, It was so. rough we had. to hold on lo
something all the time to keep from fall
ing in. I would like .-to have held on to
the sister— my, but she is a. stunner!—
but' it was all 1 could do, to watch the
roll of the boat onny own account with
out doing missionary work. She grabbed
me once, and 1 guess suyed my life; I
was. not taking much notice at' the time.
Now, as a general rule I don't use pro
fanity before ladles, but I couldn't, help
throwing in that I didn't care a whoop in
hell if we missed' :he whole island. It
was all right though, because the girls
laughed, "so I didn't refer to the matter
again: ' • -1v .,.'-¦ . ', " '
- I suppose I thought they were going to
fire a gun on. shore by way of salute as
we went by and I listened for the boom.
It's lucky my teeth'are not false. I lost
everything else that was movable and
came mighty near doing the sink or swim
act.
Joe swore and said we had missed our
stays.
Oft the Island Joe yelled "Come about: 1 '
and turned the wheel 'to baat the band.
I was standing up doing the polite to the
ladies. He sings out "Look out for the
Xoom."
First rattle out of the box the wind
won that J4 gold-braid hat of mine. No
use trying to look decent when you go
out with Joe. lie said It would do me
good -to 'get 'my face tanned. I got it.
That's the reason I'm wearing a cold
cream mask now.
Joe made me «et out In a small boat
with one of the nibs from the clubhouno
who carne to help and I nearly tore the
palms out of my hands before we got oft
the mud. Well, wh<*n .we got a clenn
BUirt we Just tore things up.
We nearly ran the clubhouse down be
cause Joe yelied -to me to "let ffo" the
'jib "and I untied the- first rope I pot my
har.d^ on— y.ou know I am quick In an
emergency— and let down the center
hoard. To snvetho elubhomie we ripped
Jnto the mud and Joe patted the buck up
to, me, Bayln.T h* thought I knew a jib
shfet from a beer bnrrel. Well, you know
reading 1 ' how to do things I* all rJffhti but
I discovered 1 know a»«much about run
ninj?.a boat n» a cent piece does about
working n nlckel-ln-lhe-alot machine.
I ,You bet I don't want a yacht unless It
is a steam ferry with plenty of men to
work It. I nearly pulled a lung out haul
lry; up a 'bunch of blocks they call the
chickens and letting go the moorings.
Every # command on' shipboard I find is
"Let go." I suppose* some poor seasick
devil invented the term.
The' first thins he did was to make me
tal'c off my. hot shoes and put on a pair
of ' rubber-solfd canvas boys for fear 1
would scratch the blamed paint. Old wet
ones cut of'a dark corner of the cabin.
Well, that was on rr.e. Then he said it. was
blowing a bit outside and I'd better put
on one of those coats, that the milkmen
•wear'^on a rainy ~ morn. I looked like a
yellow freckle. . '^
(never think he OTtrned a yacht,. to ,*see the
,rlg he puts Jon; when he grets dressed 'for
[business /he 'looks like a cheap painter
jjust down- from the side of a : tenement
house. But he said that's the thing own
ers wear,; and only' imitation guys dress
up. He's offVm sime things. *'
i
8
A CONFIDENTIAL CHAT
FROM JACK JOLLOP WHO HAS
DONE SOME YACHTING STUNTS.IN; many parts of the ."West the rail-
road engineers have had to sur-
mount great natural difficulties,
Ranges of high mountains, swift riv-
ers, deep valleys and gorges have had
to be crossed. In many places the train
bends back upon itself as it winds its
course up or down the steep ridges.,
The gorges are crossed by embank-
meats or by huge trestlework bridges,
such as the one shown in the fore-
ground of the picture. The double
loop appearing inthe; photograph oc-..
curs on the Tintic'Eange, branch of ]
the Rio Grande Western Hallway, the '
principal' office of which\ is in Salt
I^ake City, Utah. Four locomotives
and trains are in full view at once at
different levels. This is a sight that
can be seen in very, few places. The
photograph is supplied by the cour
tesy of Mr. G. W. Heintz, passenger
agent .of the - Bio Grande Western
Railway. . * . .'
Why Don't Able-Bodied Women protect a DEFENSELESS MAN?
WHEN a brute of a woman abuses
a defenseless man it's a pity if
eome other woman can't thrash
her. Heaven knows. It's hard
enough to be a man, anyway.
If you're a man you have to pay for frills
end furbelows that you never have the
privilege of wearing. If you're a man
you have to spend long, tiresome even-
Ings at the club just for policy, though
you're achin" to be at home. If you're a
man you have to bother with voting.
Heaven knows It Is all hard enough with
out being imposed upon by women. A
man's chivalry makes him helpless and
he needs somebody to take his part
It Is several weeks now since the last
demise In our city of the late Camille,
and I still swell like a fighting bantam
every time I think of the woman In 47. -
It was at a matinee performance, where
men are as bad form as they are in
church. Nevertheless If a man chooses
to pay for a seat he has a right to it
I was sitting in 43. The next seat, 45,
was empty, and she sat in 47, the next
beyond.. . - ' E r-
Just before the curtain rose an usher
leaned over -from behind me and lowered
the next seat He was too busy to take
time to hand the check to its owner; in
stead, he dropped It into the seat, and
as it lay there I mechanically- compared
it with the number on the back of . the
seat. Both read "45." • .
The boy in : the red coat snatched a 1
moment from his strenuous life to shout,
"Seat where the check is!" and to fling
the man a backward gesture as he flew
Off. ' ¦ - "• ' :• "• ¦¦ .--'- -'¦
The man had been buttonholed by a
friend ¦ in the aisle and they were busy
choosing our next President. ¦ - . ,.
- The occupant * of . 47 saw ' her : chance.
Forty-five was a better seat than hers.
Quick as a flash she slipped into it Her
; slelght-ot-hand . was so . • perfect that 1 1
, could not see what became of , the , check.
As the nail keg behind the scenes was
thumped for the third time the man said
'¦good-by, leaving over the choice of Vice
President . •': '
v . He looked for his seat. , The geography
of the section puzzled him. He called, the
busy usher.
The boy was puzzled, \ too. He made a
quick study of the' row, of seats. "Can't
1 you remember .the,, number 'of your
check?" he whispered. . • ¦¦ '' .'
"No." /
The boy 'gave another look, then pointed
to 45. • • i, • . ¦ - ¦ • ¦
¦ "That's where I left your check," he
. 6aid. .*-... .
. "I think so too," replied the man, with
conviction.
The occupant" of-; 45 ;was deeply en
grossed '¦• in her book-of-the-play-only
authorized-version,- although • the lights
were down: Her fan was moving in short
gasps.-'. •¦ '•"¦'.¦'¦•,'- 1 :'." > :¦-.'¦_.•'• °/ : *¦¦:¦ ': ¦' ' ¦ '- '
"What's ¦ the.. number of your -check?"
the boy ' asked her, politely, for she" had
a double chin and *a formidable chest.
She was still, buried in the. book. ~ fij
'¦,'. "What's ' the -number ,- of : your check?"
he repeated; and .; "seems to \ be v a, mis
take,',' he added apologetically, for there
was a fierceness In her eyebrows that de
manded apology.* -
She did not speak. - Slowly and Impres
sively she opened her purse and took (out
from, it the ;check for, 45. /",;';
"For the love of Mike,", I whispered' to
the girl beside, me. -.
"It can't be— surely she wouldn't," she
whispered to me.- She is a" dear. little bou!
who excuses Satan on the ground' that ha
was an orphan, and therefore was never
taught better. I.usually, become quite a
dear.- little soul ; myself • in her society, ¦ but
this circumstance was too much. - ,y, .•;¦
. "Black isn't white," I told her savagely.
Now;- why . wasn't < it my " places to . call
that woman down? Here was a man'be
ing held ut) and robbed of a seat that he
had paid a for, ; o nd his sex made him per
fectly helpless, and sue knew it did. Ho be
ing a'.raan and she- belngaj.woman, his
chivalry *¦¦ wouldn't let \ him say "You lie",
or . V You' steal," ¦ though he was - morally
sure | she' was doing both. . If ' he ¦ saw; me
looking into the muzzle of, a footpad's re
volver I should expect him- to come to my
rescue. : si : don't -.know: why he j shouldn't
expect -as much* of- me. •- 1 r should * have
been -to try thrashing- her,
though the beet I can •; ever i weigh, even
on Monday .with/ my salary; still • in; my
pocket,' is 115, and she was a good 200. \ .
¦ A* sea son? or fo ago a, New t York actress
made a short /.ame, for, herself by/letting
It leak' out' that s she was the Gibson. girl.
She told a few who told, a ."few
others,: and • then, ' when .the cat .was well
out of ' the bag, ¦„• she. pretended that .she
wanted to_ get -It back in again.- It was
all managed beautifully, . and .while other
girls were being laughed at for pretending
to be It, this one's bluff was. not called.
She must have had the press agent in
stinct stronger than the histrionic, for she
worked the original Gibson girl advertise
ment for all ; there ~ was in .-it.'- Her re
touched pictures got into all the papers.
o"Found at last,',' people said. : ' .
..The .advertising put her, on castors and
rolled her straight under the calcium.,. It
gave her a much-looked-at role .in a
swashbuckling drama then; the .'rage. It
bullied people • for .-. a while into thinking
she was the real thing. , " : -
It might, have worked all right If she
could have kept ! in- the secret that she
couldn't. act." But she let it out, and so
1) er , days under the ¦ calcium . were num
bered, and at last she came to be at lib
erty, and: she had to, help with the dishea
so that she could save enough to keep her
card in all the uramatlt^papera. .
It was then that a friend of mine men- ».
tloned her to Mr. Gibson. ...
"Now then,"i'said he, "I have. been to
so many. weddings. lately and. have looked
so much <upon the wine ¦when It was red
that I'm- not* tit : -And when Em 'not fit I
don't care to discuss the original Gibson
girl,' for the subject la likely to get on my
nerves. But let me -tell *you this— that
woman. never vosed for me but- once ; in
her life,' and " I • found her ' such < a fierce
model that after 1 1 paid her I tore up the
drawing."
. "But wasn't It she herself who gave It
out that she was the. girl?" asked, my
friend. ,,' --; -i-tf '.;-':
„ "It was. And she lied. And I never had -
a model in my 1 life that'* wouldn't rather
claim. The > girl got a good salary and a
temporary name by lying about me. But
I bad to keep still and take it. For what
can a man do? jgA j RAH C0iIST 0CK. ,
Among the customers was a certain
watchmaker whose shop stood across the
>-ay, and, -finding that I was a man of
station far beyond that of a mental, when
I pressed him' to- teach me his trade be
consented. : . For several years I remained
with him, arid at his sudden demise dis
tributed to his heirs some $30,000, reserv
ing the business for myself. But" then the
war broke out and all business was at a
standstill. „' Not the least acquainted with
the civil controversy and wishing to avoid
war, I resolved to'go North.* In this pro
ject I was quickly blocked, for although I
had closed up my business and piaced-my
little effects in the hold of a Mississippi
steamer, myself ' stowed away in, hiding
there as well, the provost marshal made
a thorough seirch of the vessel, with the
result that I was arrested and returned to
New Orleans and thrown into a calaboose,
there to take my j choice between service
in the ' Confederate army, which was
much in need of men, or go to prison.
. Eagerly I- scanned "the 4 foreign news of
the New Orleans papers, and at last one
day I read an" account of the tragedy of
Salzwedel and of the court-martial, which
sentenced me to forty-five years of exile,
my Inheritance in the meanwhile ¦ denied
me. But even that -was preferable 1 to
standing up before a platoon of \ bad
marksmen and getting more or less mu
tilated in the cause of mistaken justice,
and I schooled myself to content as best I
could. , -
He Becomes a Watchmaker. " -
hours I sat there staring Into space'and
wondering whither to turn, and ! finally,
from sheep-exhaustion and a biting hun
ger such as I bad never known, I directed
my steps across the way to a' little
French restaurant. There I offered my
services to the owner— a very. kind-heart
ed /Alsatian,*: whom I shall ever hold In
grateful memory— and •was given food and
work. -7 It J. was the; 'most menial work In
the.world.jbut it was better than starva
tion in exile, and '.I entered upon my new
career with- a"- will, taking- the 'name, of
Edmund ; Heinecke. —< :
FOUR TRAINS AT DIFFERENT
LEVELS IN VIEW AT ONE TIME
After a sleepiess night, filled with right-,
eous revenge, I resolved *to make Count
von Ponita eat his words if it took half a
lifetime, but J little expected that he
would follow the Indignity cast upon a
The officers were in the habit of fre
quenting a certain casino at Salzwedel
and exchanging pleasantries, garrison
chatter and theories about war, for which
we were ever eager. On one of these oc
casions. May 22, 1856, Major von Ponita,
evidently In -a spirit of pique to goad into
a quarrel his most promising rival; ut
tered a remark reflecting upon the fair
Countess — an observation ¦ so brutal and
uncalled for thit my young blood warmed
to the boiling point. Although doubtless
I should have called the officer to account
then and there had not others of my fel
lows restrained me. Ignoring the uniform
of a superior in my sudden hatred for the
man who wore it, matters did not reach
a climax until the following day at drill.
After several years at both the universi
ties of Heidelberg and Bonn I became an
officer in one of the finest regiments of
the land, the Fourth Uhlans, .all the of
ficers of which were, like myself, noble
men. After a year's service . I was pro
moted to first lieutenant and stationed at
Balzwedel, in the province of Magdeburg.
The commander of the garrison was Ma
jor Count ' von Ponlta, a man of great
force of character, . but selfish, domineer
ing and headstrong. The major lived in
the neighborhood and his estates adjoined
these of the noble family of the Vonder
min-Boitzenburgs, with whose daughter
and heiressr-one of the most beautiful
women I ever 'beheld— half the garrison
was in love, and none more, I dare say,
than the commander and myself.
"When I was a lad of 17 years my moth
er died, and from that time the direction
of my education devolved upon my moth
er's most Intimate friend, the Grand
Duchess Sophie of Weimar. It was under
her tutelage that I was permitted to en
joy more than glimpses of the gcand
world Into which my.', title exalted me,
and it was under hei^jenign roof that I
acquired the graces and chivalrous senti
ments which characterize the proud bear
ers of a feudal escutcheon — that chivalry
soon to be my ruin.
If the love of money is the root of all
evil, it is woman that Is at the bottom of
half the tragedy. I was 22 when the first
great episode of my life changed the
whole course of my destiny— that age of
dangerous susceptibility which Byron
longed to perpetuate irtto eternity. Nobly
born in a country where the nobility were
fairly worshiped, impetuous, ambitious
and courting danger so long as it led to
glory, I was reared In Castle Dernbach,
In Thurlngia, destined to fulfill a high es
tate. My father was Count "William
Charles von Larisch, my mother a famous
beauty of her time. Countess Antoinette
von Heinecke, who became heiress of vast
mining properties in Silesia.
A Romance in High Life.
speak out of the fullness of a varied ex
perience, and the world may judge as it
may. „
Both were mounted and both were ex
pert horsemen and good swordsmen, and
it was but the twist of a wrist to bring
us into fighting proximity on the field. In
stantly swords struck fire, and although
it was my intention only to disable my
adversary, I saw in his livid countenance
and the green . light of his eye that the
major meant to kill me then and there,
and that it was a duel to the death. His
Du?l to the Death.
stainless name by direct attack upon the
man who felt bound to preserve it from
such villainy at all hazard. The drill was
long and severe,' my commanding officer
constantly goading, reproving and harass
ing me to a point where human forbear
ance ceased to be a virtue. But when it
came to an actual blow with the flat of
his sword, rank was thrown aside and
facing each other only as man to man I
swept my glove across his face with . a
curse of challenge. *
A frightful yet triumphant sense -of
tragedy overcame me. Blood '~- spurted
from my mouth and blinded my left eye
from the wound at my temple, giving me
a sort of vertigo, so that I reeled in the
saddle and saw things in a hideous red
maze. Then a rallying came and there
shot into my heart a realization of my
deed and its direful consequences. In the
twinkling of an eye I saw Visions of
first terrific lunge was parried, although
the point of the sword struck me in the
left temple, all but gouging out my eye.
His second, aimed for the throat, struck
high passing through both my cheeks and
cutting away part of the lower jaw. "With
my adversary's bosom thus exposed, like
a flash of lightning I drove my sword
clean through him just below the heart,
whereupon he lunged : forward without a
groan, falling head foremost heavily to
the ground, the point of my broken sword
gleaming red through his back. . -. ,. ¦
¦ It was a terrible ride for life. No
sootier had I reached the outer gates of
my refuge when the foam-mantled mare I
rode at such' a killing, pace dropped dead,
and I entered my friend's domain on foot.
It goes without saying that my reception
was none too warm, but -I was fed, eating
as best I could with a lacerated mouth;
was given a little money and , another
horse and then shown the way to the
French' frontier, for my friend was* in as
great terror of my apprehension for his
not know nor cared — anywhere out of the
world. Turning swiftly I put the spurs
to my horse and sent a cloud of dust be
hind me, disappearing down the Ions road
at top speed in the direction of a friend's
castle, which stood far toward the fron
tier. ¦ - -.'¦ . ...
chains In the guardhouse, the court-mar
tial, the sentence and the execution ac
cording to the . military code, - and then
came a mad resolve to fly — whither I diu
any I had ever dreamed of or even read
about in the wildest fiction. For many
I think that there was never a more for
lorn and abject wanderer on the face of
the earth' than Count von Larisch as he
walked into the market place of New Or
leans one autumn day, penniless and a
stranger, in a land of jWhose customs and
language he knew nothing. The long voy
age and the food to which I had never
been accustomed left me weak and de
spondent,, and I found myself face to face
with a new condition, more terrible than-
A Homeless "Wanderer.
own sake as for my own. Off I galloped
again in full flight, keeping up the pace
to the very limits of Prussia. I had no
more than touched alien soil when my
second faithful deliverer fell under me
and expired. Little by little, then, com
paratively safe for the time at least, I
made my way to Calais. There, after a
season of hiding, I embarked on the sail
ing vessel Thekla, bound for New Or
leans.
her— and that her husband was merely
awaiting day when • th© sentence of
exile shall expire.
That day will b* June 14 next, and lest
I should be one minute lat© In receiving
back my own I shall sail for Southamp
ton , on May 22, entering German, terri
ritory through Russia. - It is doubtful,
however, whether I shall ever be content
ed in Germany, for all my longing to feel
my. native soil beneath my feet;. for once
an" American always an American, whith
ersoever the exile, voluntary ' or other,
may come.
of plain Mrs. Heinecke— though she is too
good an American to allow that to exalt
have been a great solace to • me. though
even these neizsx dreamed of my origin
or true history. It was only upon receiv
ing some photographs from home that my.
relation awakened in my wife a curiosity
which resulted In her discovering herself
to be the Countess von Larisch instead
. The Term of Exile Ends. -
I have married since coming to the me
tropolis, too, and my wife and children
Humes took aa interest in the melancholy
exile, even- as the old Alsatian of New
Orleans had. done, and finding out my
trade,' which had been well taught me,
the restaurateur started me In business
on Houston street, where I have remained
for .thirty-five years since.
From ! this time on I 'suppose my Ufa
has been the counterpart of many other*
in. New York, except that I ha-v» had.
somewhat more than my share of dis
couragements—among others, starting a
branch business with jny, entire savings
of $35,000, placing' It m*tbe care" of 'one I
loved and respected, only to discover that
he disappeared with the entire proceeds
In a single night.
faithful, as I had been in greater things.
Coming to. as from the grave ttsetfv-1
was cared for kindly by Federal soldiers
and after two months or more of conva
lescing was sent to Fort Delaware. Gen
eral Scheff, commanding the garrison. In
terested himself in my behalf, had ma
transferred to "Washington, with th» priv
ilege of being exchanged if I chos» to re
turn South. But I. had had enough of a
strife In which I had little heart, since I
had entered it by coercion, and immedi
ately took oath of allegiance to th© Un
ion. Thence I was permitted to make my
way to New York.
Here asraln, In the metropolis, I was
face to face with somewhat the same con
dition as that on myTffriva4-a£_New Or
leans. I had not a dollar and all my pa
pers and valuables had been dispersed and
lost' In the civil struggle. As before, I
directed my steps to the place where food
was to be had for money, and perhaps
for the asking, and again ¦ I offered my
services in the most menial capacity. The
restaurant was kept ,by a kind natured
man named Henry Humes, at 233 Broad
way, and, securing work, I was found
A Confederate Prisoner.
and their humble captain lay In the valley
>of death, unconscious for hours, with a.
dead horse on top of him.
Naturally I chose the former.
In the second year of the war General
Beauregard gave me a position on his
staff, and after the disaster at Chatta
nooga, for which I paid the penalty of
several' months in the hospital, the geii
eral placed me in command of the "Lou
isiana Tigers," a small but savage regi
ment, which prided itself that it never
gave or accepted quarter. Then cams th»
famous "death ride" of Donnellsonville,
where the "Tigers" met their "Waterloo,
By EDMUND HEINECKE (Count von
Larisch).
IN the rreat medley of nations, as
found in a New "World metropolis, I
doubt not that every third man, could
the secrets of his bosom be unveiled,
¦would prove himself the hero of an
interesting story a thousand times more
thrilling and remarkable than even my
own.
I take to myself no credit save that I
have fought a good- battle against more
than ordinary adversities, and to confess
myself but one more of that army of In
cognltl who have struggled on against va
ried fortunes— exiles, like myself, from the
land of their birth and for reasons more
or less serious— whose real identities have
remained secrets from their dearest
friends and even their own families.
For forty-five years I have known what
Jt Is to be an expatriate — known what It is
to feel that there is one broad spot on the
globe where to set foot means imprison
ment and perhaps death. For two score
cf years I have been a soldier of fortune
amid surroundings as far at variance with
my early condition as it is possible for
man to be, to bear a. name which my
mother never gave me, and to lock in my
heart the secret of my family, my early
career and the tragedy which changed the
whole course of my life In the twinkling
of an eye— or rather, with a single thrust
of a cword. /.;/_ ,
But now that the seal of nearly half a
century's expatriation is broken, and
within a few weeks I shall 'stand at the
frontier of my native land, awaiting the
stroke of noon when I shall cross the
border and claim my own, which has so
long been kept from me, I feel free to
BUT a few sliort weeks and "Ed
mund Hcin^ck?," exile, foot
ball cf fortune, nobleman and
di6h washer, soidicr and watchmsnder,
will come into his o^n.
For nearly half a century he hts
suffered physical end mental tortura.
Tfcw he returns to his native land in
triumph. Bom?.nce,- poverty, con
scription, the loss of two small for
tunes (one through th perfidy of his
own flesh and blood), humiliation,
have all been his portion. In 1856 a
beautiful woman was the causs of a
mounted duel between two men of
rank in a crack Uhlan regiment. The
combat resulted in the death of the
cupcrior officer, Major Count Ponita,
and the exile of the victor, Lieutenant
Count Zdmund Heinecke von Larisch,
cf noble birth.
He fled to America, landing at
New Orleans. To keep from death by
starvation the nobleman became r»
dishwasher in a French quarter res
taurant. Later he became a watch
maker. He ¦was compelled to serve in
the Confederate army. Subsequently
he went to New York, where he took
the name of Edmund Heinecke.
During' T^s absence from Prussia
a court-martial sentenced him to
forty-five years' expatriation. That
period expires on June 14 next. On
that day the exile will sail for his
native land to reassume the status
for which his birth, education and
heritage entitle him. Conservative
opinion places the value of his estates
at $5,000,000.
But despite his sufferings here the
Uhlan has learned to love America.
Next autumn lie purposes to return
hither and at a banquet at the Wal
dorf-Astoria in. December he will dis
tribute the sum of $25,000 to his old
friends and patrons in token of his
gratitude and regard. He tells the
Btory of his life abroad and his long
exile here, during which not evej his
wife «-"ij1 family knew. of his identity,'
in the following words:
THE SUNDAY CALL.' ,
AFTER FORTY-FIVE YEARS OF EXILE
HUSTON STREET WATCHMAKER WILL RE-ENTER HIS
ANCESTRAL ESTATES AND TITLE
AS COUNT VON LARISCHTwo calves* brains; one teaspoonful flne
lv powdered s*age; one-half 'pint bread
crumbs; one egg; milk; -pepper and salt.
Clean, soak and parboil the calves'
brains; when done, chop fine and beat
well, together with /the powdered sage;
add the bread crumbs, -soaked. In milk,
and one well-beaten egg. Salt and pepper
CROQUETTES .OF BRAINS.
Slice of saddle of mutton. One large
tablespoonful butter.' Salt and - cayenne
pepper. One tablespoonful currant jelly.
One gill Madeira, ¦ - .,
Put the butter into the chafing dish and
when hot add the mutton. Cover and
c"ook» two minutes;' turn and- cook two
minutes longer. Add salt and pepper, jelly
and Madeira. • Simmer six minutes and
'serve hot. j ¦•' . , . * , \
MOCK' VENISON.
Four slices toast. Butter. Twelve an
chovies. Yolk of four eggs. One-half
nint cream.
Butter toast on both sides, and between
the slices spread anchovies chopped fine.
Beat the yolks of eggs with cream and
thicken over fire;, don't let it come to a
boil. Pour over toast arranged In-pyra
mids on hot plates.
' . BREAST, OF GROUSE.
'Breast of grouse. One tablespoonful
butter. Pepper and salt. Currant jelly.
Put the butter in the chafing dish ami
when hot add the breast of grouse. Cook
three minutes on each side, season.with
fait and- pepper and serve with currant
jelly.
RAGOUT OF SQUIRREL.
One pair young squirrels. One large on
ion. One tablespoonful butter. Two tea
ppoonfuls brown flour. One-half pound
bacon. One glass wine. Juice of half a
lemon.
Ciean carefully and quarter the squir
rels and. soak in salt water to draw out
the blood. Pnt the bacon cut in strips
into the chaflns dish and when hot add
the squirrels, pouring over them a gravy
made in this manner: Slice the onion and
fry brown in the butter: irrto this stir five
tablespoonfuls of boilinjrwater and thick
en v.'ith , the brov. rned flour. Just before
pouring this gravy. over the squirrels add
ore-half 'cu:> warm water. Pour Into the
chafing dish, cover elosely and stew until
the squirrels are tender; add the wine and
lemon juice and &crve.-
MOCK WOODCOCK.
of salt and dash of cayenne. Simmer the
steak in this until tender. ,
Ona and one-half pounds fresh cheero:
one tablespoonful butter; ona teaapoonful
dry mustard; one-half pint beer; cayenne.
.Put butter in chafing dish; when nearly
melted add" cheese cut in small dice, mus
tard and a little cayenne. Stir an / the
time. Add a small amount of beer to_pre
vent burning; keep adding beer. _ Serv*
hot on toast.
. . . PRUNE TOAST. v
One^half pound prunes. Twt» , taDl*
spoonfuls butter. Bread. One win* glaja
•sherry. Cream.
Cut the crust from a thick sllc« of
bread. J Put In the j dish th© butter and
when very hot bro\frn the bread on both
sides. Pour over this 'the prunes, which
have been previously boiled long enough
to enable you to remove the pits. Sweeten
to taste. Add a glass of sherry and scrva
with cream. •
BREAD SAUTE.
Bread (thick ¦ slices). Two tablespoon
fuls butter. Two tablespoonfuls grated
ham. Two tablespconfuls grated cheese*
One gill. cream. «.
Cut the crust from the bread. Put but
ter in the chafing dish and when' very hot
brown the bread on both sides; take out
and put In the ham. cheese and cream.
Season with cayenne pepper. Mix all well
together and when \-ery hot spread on the
toast.
ROAST BEEF CHAXJFFE.
Small pieces of cold roast beef. One ta
blespoonful butter. Three tablespoonfuls
of jelly, a dash of cayenne or pepsola. a
little salt and glass of sherrr or madeira.
Put the butter into the chafing 3ish and
when melted add the jelly, cavenne -«r
pepsola, salt and sherry or madeira. Then
add tBe" beef, and serve when smoking
BLANQUETTE OF CHICKEN.
One pint cold chicken, cut in dice or
small pieces. One tablespoonful of butter.
One heaping tablespoonful of flour. One
half cup of white stock. Yolks of two eggs.
One-half cup of cream. Parslev. salt and
pepper, lemon, nutmeg and cloves.
, Stir the butter into the flour. Before It
browns add the stock, stir a minute, add
a little lemon juice, white pepper, salt, a
slight grating of nutmeg, pinch of ground
clove, and cream: boil up once and add
the chicken. Reduce the flame and sim
mer eight minutes, then add the esjes, well
beaten; stir in chopped parsley and serve
at once. : * . - • ..
SWEETBREADS. WITH PEAS.
Can of peas. Three small sweetbreads.
One teaspoonful of butter. Onejhalf pint
of stock broth. Celery. leaf. Salt, white
pepper. . One-half • teaspoonful of brown
flour. ' - :
Stand the sweetbreads in cold water for
an hour: then parboil and remove rough
edges, membranes, sinews, etc. Put- in
cold water and keep on ice until wanted.
Put into the chafing 1 dish the butter nnd
sweetbreads.' When the butter has been
absorbed add one-half pint of stock <jnd
the celery leaf, chopped fine, the salt. !
pepper and browned flour. Turn the sweet
breads, i When : the same i3 reduced one
half it Js ready. When cooking open a can
of s#>en pea?. Warm thoroughly. Put in
salt, pepper and a tablespoonful of but-,'
ter. Serve pea's and sweetbreads • to
gether.
SARDINES ON TOAST. :¦>; .-
One dozen sardines. .One \ tablespoonful
butter.' Two teasooohtuls of anchovy
paste.. One tablespoonful of sauterne and
, a little tabasco. - r
•Drain and remove the skins. of the sar
dines; put Iri the butter/ anchovy paste,
tabasco. and sauterne; lay In the sandines
carefully and when well heated through
serve each on a tiny striD of toast.
\ . CARROTS AND PEAS.
Two young carrots cut Into pleceV 'On*
can*of peas. Sauce.
• Boll the carrots until tender, over the hot
water, pan: drain off the .water and put
into a bowl; then making- a sauce as L3
VtSS sa^' treaoTcrtimbfl: lard, one eaa
F ParDolf ! sweetbread3 Just^ five mfamteir:
then trim off BTrtngs and pipe, lard them
with -strips of fat pork about^tho
size of a match and fry a. light tern ta
butter. Chop the tongues and sweetbreads
fine and mix them well together. Orata
onion and chop a few_ sprigs of para ley
and add to the meat. Salt a °<* P**'*-' 6 '!?
taste. Then add the yolks of three eggs
beaten very light to .the gravy 1 t '
breads were, cooked in; mix thoroughly
all. When cool and firm shape into cro
quettes and dip them into egg and bread
crumbs. Fry In smoking hot gutter or
lard until a golden brown and lay «*«n
on brown paper to drain. Serve hot wlta
French canned peas.
CURRIED MUSHROOMS. '
.Mushrooms; utock; butter ; -^our tabl*
spoonfuls cream; one teaspoo'jiful carry
powder -mixed with two teaspoonfnl*
flour; pepper and salt.
Peel and remove the stems and stew In
the stock with butter and salt.' Then put
In the cream and the curry porwdex and
flour. Stir carefully a moment ana wvrv
on a hot 6ish.
; CREAMED POTATOES^
On© pint cold potatoes: milk; on« tafcto
spocnful butter; one-half teaspoonful jrtJtf
one-half saltspoonful pepper; «. Ilttl*
chopped parsley. _ .
- Cut the potatoes into s cut*** or tnm
Bllcea; put them into the chafln* dUh,
cover with milk and cook tmtll th« pota
toes have absorbed all the milk- Add bu>
ter, 'salt, pepper and parsley.
WELSH RAREBIT. /
* . Season the oysters with pepper and salt.
. Wrap each. In* a, very thin slice 'of bacon
and fasten with a wooden 'toothpick. Have
the chafing dish very hot, and cook , the
pigs , just, long enough to crisp the bacon,'
taking care not to let it burn. Serve hot
• on smair pieces 'of toast. Garnish .with
parsley. - . ¦ ,
'LOBSTER CROQUETTES.
Meat »of one lobster. . Bread crumbs.
Pepper and salt; ' Powdered - mace.' • Two
tablespoonfuls melted butter. Two beaten
eggs.> .Pulverized cracker.
¦ Chop the meat of a, boiled lobster fine,
< add' pepper- and salt and powdered mace.
Mix this with ..; one-fourth as much fine
bread crumbs as you "have meat, add the
melted .butter and form Into pointed balls.
Roll these In: the beaten egg, then in the
' pulverized' cracker • and fry In butter.
Serve : dry and hot and garnished with
•parsley. •. •¦ --/-;>
LOBSTER RISSOLES. x
Meat of- one boiled lobster. Coral 'of
one lobster. Yolks of three hard-boiled
eggs. Cayenne pepper and salt. Nutmeg.
Two tablespoonruls milk. One tablespoon
ful flour. One egg.~ '•
' Mince the meat of lobster fine; pound
the coral | smooth and grate the yolks of
eggs. Season with cayenne pepper, salt
and nutmeg*. Make a batter of the milk,
- flour and ; egg. Beat well and gradually
mix the lobster with it. * When stiff
.enough to form roll in balls the size of
a t Urrge . plum. Fry in a chafing dish In
'fresh butter and serve either hot or cold.
' " GREEN TURTLE STEAK.
Green turtle steak. . Two ounces of but
ter. «One tablespoonful mushroom catsup.
One lump cut sugar. Two tablespoonfuls
currant Jelly. : One gill port wine. Salt
! and carenne. '"-.•'•¦ .
Melt butter in .chafing dish. Add mush
room catsup, sugar, jelly, wine, a pinch
V- ' y .y; : ,lM;;>SUCTATr-; CALL.
to taste. Make Into balls and fry in trat- i
'ter until they area golden brown. Serve
hot.'-' ¦ ¦¦ «. ¦ ..- :•, , ;vv« .-. „ ¦.'¦:••¦-,.¦
_ L . CROQUET.TES.
:', Four/swetTtbreada; 5fat salt' porK; but
terronc-half.Dound cold tongue; one-half
onion; yolk oi three «ggi; parsley; pepper
creamed aspararr-w rMri-^ ffm *wrr"t« to
the'dish ViiL me ureaui *nd add the ytua
drained of their' water;*. steV together for
three or ; : four . miuuleu. . Thl» makes a
very „ pi en* dh>u „ with th« fellow ami
green color ofjha vegetnoie* *a<i U muet»
used by th» French.
clams. fa the pork fat and serve with the
brown bread. • , ". ! '.. ; "! :."'
>.;/ : CELERIED OYSTERS.. ,.
¦ One dozen -large oysters. . /One 'table
spoonful, chopped celery.' i" One teaapoonful
butter. ' One wlneelafi3ful good ; shtrry.
'.' Melt the 'butter, add. the oysters and "eel- ¦
ery; salt -and pepper to' taste,' cover and
'¦.. simmer '.. three minutes, add' the .sherry,
:. simmer "two minutes longer : and serve on
¦¦toast."- •¦••¦;¦ v <•.-.' «-^.- ""» ¦¦¦• ¦'¦' : ;~:: ¦ ( V:,;i ':¦¦ ¦ v
L.ITTL.H : PIGS IN. 1 BLANKET8."
¦,; *¦ Large' oysters. 'Fat English bacon.; Pep-
.One dozen soft clams. One-eighth pound
ealt pork. Boston brown bread. .¦:.. •
Pice the pork and fry crisp. Saute,, the
SOFT CLAMS.
, ""., FRIED PERCH. /.
-Fresh perch. Olive, oil. Salt. Pepper.
Sweet herbs.' Breadcrumbs. : "
r. Scale and clean , the ? perch and. lay ' In
chafing dish.- Pour oil over them., sprinkle
with salt, pepper, parsley and sweet herbs
mixed fine. i. Mix minced herbs with bread
crums and cover, the flsh.« Fry and serve
with sauce desired. ,-..;; -'
Salt mackerel. ; Cold , mashed . potatoes^':
Two beaten eggs. A pinch of pepper. One
tablespoonfur of butter.
; Soalc the - fish over night and , in the -
morning pour some boiling water over it.
Pick it up carefully, the bones.
Add an equal quantity of cold mashed po
tatoes, the beaten eggs and; pepper and
shape in balls the size of an egg. Put.
the butter in the chafing dish and when
hot'putin the balls and fry brown. . Turn
and brown' on the other side.. Serve hot,
garnished with , parsley. : »:,5? ¦;".<£
MACKEREL BALLS.
One slice halibut." Four slices salt pork.
One tablespoonful of lard. Salt. Flour.
Sprinkle ¦• the halibut with salt and
dredge with flour. Put the pork lnto^he
chafing dish I and fry " a nice brown, re
move and add to the fat'the lard. When.
Very ho* put in the halibut. _ Fry brown,:,
turn and brown the other side. Serve ,
with the slices of perk. . ¦ ' .
FRIED HALIBUT.
and there. Just as it happens", a fern, andr
you .will find that the table will lcok^ery^
Inviting and that no tirhe has been spent
and very little expense incurred. . i
While immaculate linen,' silver, cut glass
and flowers are a delight to the eye they
do not prove very lasting nor staying and
the inner man demands just a. little some
thing. . With two chafing dishes and. a
batch of good receipts a fancy cook can
keep himself not only busy but highly de
lighted with himself and everybody ; who
comes about. /• .
Cold macaroni. Cheese. Beaten eggs
Crumbs. Lard. • . %-'
Make the macaroni and cheese 4nto
balls, dip in the egg, roll In the crumbs
and fry.
j • CORN FRITTERS.
One cupful cold sweet corn. One beaten
«£g. Two tablespoonfuls flour. One-half
teaepoonful baking powder. Pepper and
ealt. .
Make into a batter and fry by spoonfuls
In butter. -
BEEFSTEAK.
Porterhouse steak. Butter. Cream. Pep
per and salt. Yolk of one egg.
Heat the chafing dish quit* hot. Lay
the eteak In the hot dry dish and cover
MACARONI BALLS.
.Four eggs. Four tablespoonruls of milk.
.Walnut of butter.
Break the eggs into bcwl of . milk and
¦whip thoroughly. Put the butter In the
chafing dish and when very hot run the
*ggs into it. allowing it to cook until
thick. Use a thin-bladed knife to loosen
it from the bottom, but do not stir it.
When done, carefully roll the edges over
until all* rolled up. Serve on a hot plate.
A cheese .omelette is made the same
¦way. adding cheese according to taste.
Peas left from dinner may be heated over
and folded in a plain omelette. Aspara
gus heads, corn, tomatoes, minced meat
or ham may be used the same way, with
equally as good results. It requires only
a little Ingenuity to make original ones.
But people don't necessarily have to eat
eggs in all kinds of styles, and dressed
up with all kinds of fancy things. There
are ever so many other kinds of. break
fast dishes. Hqsts of people eat mush
and the left-over can be fried.
Cold com meal mush. Beaten egg
Bread or cracker crumbs. Fat
Cut the mush into thin slices, dip into
the egg, roll In the crumbs and .brown
nicely.
PLAIN OMELETTE.
mushroom sauce; stir continually and
serve on strips of tcast, spread with an
chovy paste.
• Three eggs. One-half teaspoonful of
"vauce. One-half tablespoonful of butter
One-half cup of stock or gravy. Salt and
r P«pper.
Place the butter In pan over boiling
water and stir In the stock or gravy, eggs,
little ealt and pepper, Worcestershire or
BROWN EGGS.
FRICASSEED EGGS.
Two tablespoonfuls of butter. Table
tepoonful of flour. Sprig of parsley. Half
fa dozen minced mushrooms. Half pint
•white stock (veal or chicken). Half a
dozen hard-boiled eggs (sliced).
Put the butter into the chafing- dish.
t TVhen melted add flour (stirring constant
ly), parsley <cut fine), mushrooms and
.etock. Simmer five minutes and add eggs.
Boil up once and serve hot.
CURRIED EGGS.
Two tablespoonfuls of butter. Two small
onions (minced). Two dessertspoonfuls of
curry powder. Two tablespoonfuls of
flour. Half pint of veal or chicken stock.
Two tablespoonfuls of cream. Six hard
boiled eggs cut in slices. • »
Put into chaflncr dish butter, and onions
Hand cook until they begin to brown. Stir
4n the curry powder. Mix well and add
.flour, stirring quickly all the time. " Then
mdd the stock or a tablespoonful of fluid
/b«ef dissolved in boiling water. When the
mixture has simmered for ten minutes add
cream and eggs. When hot serve.
POACHED EGGS.
TV>r these use the hot water dish alone.
l EtT« it balf full of boilinc water. The
'water should not be deep enough to cover
ithem until they are ail In, then more boil
ing water may be added. Cook until the
*£g* are set. Serve on toast or fried
bread. ¦
SCRAMBLED BGGS WITH OLIVES.
; Fire ergs. One tablespoonful of butter.
One-quarter cup of milk. Salt and pepper.
,One cupful of olives, cut into dice.
Into the food jwtn. over boiling water,
jput the butter. Turn In the eggs, which
jha.ve been beaten up with the milk. Stir
|ln salt and pepper, and keep stirring oc
casionally until the eggs are creamy and
¦Srm. Then put out the flame and stir in
.the olives.
How can one cook a breakfast in such
an affair? It's easy if you only know how.
"What can one cook? That's easy, too;
In fact, the easiest part of it all. But
variety is what all good housewives are
eternally and forever crying about. Here
are come mighty good ways to cook e fc r gs:
Some bright girl had 'a bright idea that
chocolate could be made quicker and bet
ter in the new plaything than in the much
abused 5 o'clock teapot,. so slowly bJt
surely, at any old time and any old place,
the toy fire came to be generally used.
THE chafing dish has passed . the
faddy stage and has become an ab
solute necessity. ,
-The fads are few and far be
tween that succeed in taking sujh
a hold on the fickle public, but when one
does everybody knows that there are .ill
kinds of merits backing it. The chaiing
dish, for instance, was first used for I'un.
The shiny dish made a pretty acquisition
to the table and it was awfully jolly to
show Tom, Dick and Harry that Moilie
could cook like a natural born chef.
There Is a long list of dishes that.'ar*
used with splendid effects: Bouillon cups
chop trays, well dish; cold meat dish,
casserole,, sandwich .tray, chocolate, tea
or coffee pot, plates, cups and .saucers,
salad bowl and .Individual: plates, celery
tray, bread and butter plates, fruit bas
ket ani individual fruit plates. . icecream
dish and individual plates, cake, plate
olive tray,- salted almond dish, vinegar
and oil cruets, salts and peppers, water
carafe, water tumblers, roman punch
glasses,* crushed ice • tub, ¦-. apollinaria
glasses, iced tea glasses, claret decanter
and glasses, Rhine < wine •' decanter ; and
glasses, ale Jug « and tumblers, beer tan
kard, tumblers or steins, 1 chafing dish
- The table may or may not be elaborately
decorated. '. One • of the simplest and yet
an' effective decoration Is of flowers and
greens. - Use some dainty center piece and
put a vase on a round mirror. ? Drop here
Then. • too, luncheon -. Is usually such a
light repast that the -expert chafing-dish
fiend can manage nicely. If the .dishes
are dainty and the service halfway fair
what one has to" eat dolft seem to count
so awfully much, t ' . . -,rr - .
Hurry up, girls, ; and learn how to make
an egg: turn over without any . assistance.
Some people claim that" it can be done.
The "bach" who , fives a chafing-dish
lunch has a very delicate proposition on
his hands. 'Are his guests; to.be lasting
friends or enemies? Fortunately some
people claim
Small cheer and 'great welcome ' •/
Make a merry fe&st.'^. '.
Any one who can cook on a regular
range can't always make a success with
this toy stove. It takes practice, , a dex
terous hand and an eagle eye, else e\'ery
thing will go up in smoke. , The bache
lors claim to shine in this way, and think
they can give the girls all kinds of lessons
in cooking, almost as interesting 'and' as
good as throwing flapjacks from a frying
pan, running around .the fire half a dozen
times and then catching them all beauti
fully browned.
Put in the potatoes and cover with milk,
and cook until the milk is absorbed. Then
add the butter, salt, pepper and parsley.
Stir a few moments and serve. -
CREAMED POTATOES.
One pint cold potatoes cut in cubes or
thin slices. Milk. One teaspoonful of
butter. One-half teaspoonful of pepper.
Chopped parsley.
One-half pound of dried beef. Two ta
blespoonfuls of butter. One-half pint of
milk. One tablespoonful of flour. Put the
butter in the chafine dish and add the
beef. F»r until brown, then add the milk.
Cream the flour with a little cold milk,
then stir it in.' Serve on toast/ \
DRIED BEEF.
• One-half pint of desiccated codfish. Two
tablespoonfuls of butter. One tablespoon
ful of flour. One gill of cream and a little
pepper. / ;*, , :
Put the butter into the chafinc dish.
"When melted add the flour, stlrrine con
stantly. Then put in the codfish, which
had been previously soaked for an hour in
tepid water. Add the cream and a little
pepper. Let all simmer ten minutes, stir
ring constantly.
SALT CODFISH.
Dress carefully, cut open down the
backs, season and dredge in flour. Put a
little water and lump of butter in a cov
ered bakepan, arrange the birds nicely in
this and bake ten minutes. Put the but
ter into the chafing dish, and when it is
quite hot remove the birds from baker
and fry a rich golden brown. Arrange the
toast on a platter, with a quail on each
side, and pour over them a gravy mude
of the juices left in the baker and chafing
dish, thickened with a little flour.
Quail. Two tablespoonfuls butter. But
tered toast. . .
QUAIL ON TOAST.
Lean ham. One tablespoonful butter.
One tablespoonful flour. One pint milk.
Pepper.
Cut the ham Into thin shavingr.*. Melt
the butter, fry the ham until it begins
to color, sprinkle the flour over it and fry
until browned nicely, stirring about to
keep from scorching. Pour in the milk,
boil up once, season with pepper and
FRIZZLED HAM.
Calf's l'.ver. One-half cuplul flour. One
half cupful Indian meal. One teaspoonful
salt. Two table spoonfuls butter. Break
fast bacon. Coffee.
Cut the liver in neat, smooth slices and
lay in salt and water to extract the
blood. Mix together" the flour, meal and
fait Roll the slices of liver in the mix
ture and fry In the chafing dish in hot
butter until brown. Just before serving
pour in a little coffee, cover tightly ana
let stand a moment, and serve with slices
of crisply-fired English breakfast bacon.
CALF'S LIVER,
instantly as tightly as possible. When
the meat touches the heated dish it will
seethe and adhere to it. but in a few
minutes it will become loose and juicy.
Turn the steak quickly every, half min
ute leaving it uncovered as little as pos
sible. When nearly done sprinkle with
salt and pepper. Finish cooking, take up
and place between hot plate* v.ith a
piece of butter on top. If you wish' much
gravy add three or four tablespocnfuls
of rich svreet eream to the juice remain
ing in the chafing dish, let it boil up and
stir in quickly the wfll-beaten yoli: of an
t-gg. Pour the gravy over the, steak anil
serve hot.
10
WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH
A CHAFING DISHA Princely Income.
She is rich and getting richer every day,
for she enjoys a great Income from her
book, '"Science luid Health"— the bible of
tho Christian Scientists— but money Is not
all. It is Bold at $5 a copy, costing per
haps $150, and every votary, yea, the pa
tient of every votary, must buy one— over
200,000 have been sold— and she has other
sources .of income besides. And when a
new revision of her book is thought nec
essary the new version must be bought,
or how is eviPto ue fought and conquered?
It is copper-fastened with copyrights.
Mrs. Eddy has the business head of a
strong man if she has the outgiving gen
ius of an apoctle.
The large, impressive looking house she
lives in reflects this wealth frankly. It
Is reached by a mile or less of broad, pic
turesque road from the elm shaded streets
of Concord. That the road might be
made .pleasant for driving she gave a
large sum to the township. The body of
the building is like the traditional New
England farmhouse— namely, an oblong
structure, with a smaller oblong or "L "
as it is locally called, at the end, but with
a difference. .An octagonal turret with a
spire is at the southeast corner, and a
larger octagon that forms, a bay for the
two upper stories and rests upon the por
tico is. as it were, embedded In the north
front. The, house has a body color • of
palest green, with, ivory write trimmings
and dark roofing, and, as it stands back
about thirty feet from fhe road, looks at
tractive and cool. A granite archway,
with the inscription "Eddy,", and there
under. "Pleasant , View, "all in very large
modest capitals," gives upon the graveled
walk that leads direct to the hall door.
Carriages may enter and 1 leave by. low
wooden gates at either side of the arch
but ; the carriage of '.the mistress of
Pleasant View alone enters or • leaves
And pleasant indeed is the view,
for the house looks down from- the'
ridge over a wide valley— the ': valley
of the Merrimac— that -slopes away from' :
the back, lawn In'! a, sweep -of green, and
spreads over dotted farmland and wood
land to a distant horizon of purpling hill
and; mountain. It looks from .the , green '
ridge . far - across . the valley ' to the little
hamlet • of - Bow, where Mrs.' Eddy ¦¦ was
born. ' So beauty and sentiment and pr iSe
of ¦ achievement * combine to make It de-
sdously.' and appears as if about to afl
dress me, but doesn't.
But the hall door opens with a wide
sweep ' and , tho - brown-eyed maid, now
wearing a very fetching smile of welcome,
eays "Come in." . . ¦ .
Tho hall door cllck3 to behind me. We
cross a small outer vestibule and I ob
serve that there is a second heavy door,
which also clicks to. .We are now in the
hall,, which is not very wide. There ls^ a
parlor on each side.
¦ ."If you will take » off > your things you
can hang them there," indicating.* rack
some distance down the hall. - •.-
Pleasantly . ushered into • the parlor on
the v right hand", the girl, still all smiles—
the radiance of "orders"- in a. house of
order — says: . - . ¦ . ¦ -
VYou wish to see Mrs. Eddy? Very well,
if you will wait a moment." '
And here the lie was to be given to all
the reports of - feebleness.' At any. rate,
here \ would.' be frankness, that did not
fear to face-, the facts of wrinkles, . if
wrinkles * there were, and < what • more
touching than mother's wrinkles when she
is over 80?' I would hear the 'flowing talk
of a -wonderful woman. I recalled glee
fully what tho somber Robinson had said
to me in i Concord. He, had talked -with
her— not lately; no, they shut him: out
lately, but three years ago. ¦ "She Just
went on in a stream, and I had only to
say yes and no, "and she so full; of cheer
fulness and cleverness." /
Five minutes .went by. ¦
The .parlor was " not : very large. - It was
richly furnished in a puzzling style, bear
ing out what I y had heard about the gifts
of • the - faithful being so showered upon
Mrs. Eddy that after . filling her .house
with them * i she , had to • send . out a notice
in the '.Sentinel, -begging that no* more be
sent, as the house. was overflowing.", -It
would •not have -been a* bad 5 idea to stop
the gifts a little earlier, for your soulful
one * may.* have • money,, and - buy.; costly
things,* but .who shall her insure good
taste? > The. effect \ of ; many bizarre ob
jects : was somewhat : offset •¦ by i- their . ar
rangement," though .some of .! the: vases on
small . stands : still . cried • out * to •* heaven.
There ,;was a .< • little ¦ Parian * bust ¦ of
Shakespeare', and a little gray . toned plas
ter bust of i Charles Sumner , i which look
ed as if; they: went, back to Mrs., Eddy's
humbler : days ¦ in ; house ' furnishing, . and
so > had the personal note, v A half j life-size
Christ in ; colors* faced : . the "door. There
were-four, or five engravings — one, "Daniel
"Among the.Lions,"' another Edwin Lang's
"Christ . or Diana. 'Which?", -.But the ef
fect .was bright,' and who should look here
The First Attempt.
slrable to her. To the right of the house,
at a respectful distance,- is . the barn,
which . ulso has a prinked up classic
frontage to match the white Ionic pillars
of the portico. In it Bhe has "every kind
of a known carriage," according to the
awe-stricken whispur of the local driver.
Farther down the road, past a row of
dripping young hemlocks, is a hand
some house, in which the "help," <of
which there are ¦ a dozen or . so, . are
housed. They have luxurious quarters,
as things go.
Now' these "help" deserve thus cherish
ing. They are all Christian Scientists and
devoted to their mistress. They are not
only, secretaries, coachmen, gardeners,
stewards, cooks, laundresses and waiting
maids, with apparently most. of the posi
tlans Interchangeable, but guardians <of
a shrine and servants of a mystery, who
keep tight lips and : watchful ; eyes where
watching is wanted, and avert their gazo
discreetly where it is not. They go about
their business" : with the movements of
automata while any. one, is looking/ but
they are plain, .everyday people other
wise, cheerful r~nd polite.
These matters were observed in several
drives thither in the driving rain. On the
occasion of the flrst'drive a pull at the
knob beside . Mrs. Eddy's hall" door
brought in reply a single. ; faint
stroke, and presently a; good looking
brunette serving maid, with searching
brown eyes. One saw at -once as she
partly opened the portal; and put. out her
head that she stood ' at the door ' of tho
Much Desired,, for her Jaw firmly set as
she asked , one' s business. Evidently she
is used to i turning < people ! away, and ' one
must be; firm -about that. ¦ Stating that
the desire was to see Mrs. Eddy, butthat
a ; glimpse, of Mrs. Eddy's secretary,
a Mr. Frye,' would perhaps arrange ; tne
matter more for Mrs. Eddy's convenience,
I waited. ' ; '- ">.¦',..; ¦;¦¦•'.:¦ ""'¦¦'¦¦'
¦-- The girl kept the brown eyes steadily on
nie and replied • in a tone suggesting the
impious interruption of a sacrificial act: . ¦-•;:
"But Mr.: Frye Is at dinner." . ,
'Well, v dinner,' even in .the world, of Soul,
is. to be respected, and it has some claims
on- the. tireless journalist, so a > card -was
handed " to • the • brown-eyed maid ; i the ; call
would be ' repeated later. The door closed
with the: sharp clicking of a spring lock.' '
¦/Back and forth to town in the rain, and
once more crossing the graveled . walk a
young; looking man. with a red/forked
beard .'is ' seen? standing - in front : of : - the
door ¦ in , the : "L." >.. He : lounges self-con-
'• Continued on Page Twely«,
for the finely esthetic or modern?
All So Busy.
. Re-enter the brown-eyed maid, agitated,
something of ' dismay on • her face, and
passing one hand lightly through her hair,
as if to assure her appearance. Some
thing v.-iis the matter.
"You know," she began, stammering,
"Mrs. Eddy, expected you— Mrs. Eddy ex
pected to see you, but. now— now— she
can't— she is— busy."
VBusy? And Mr. Frye?"
'"Oh, he? Yes— he is busy with her."
"Can't be seen, eh?" !
"Oh, I wouldn't dare— I couldn't."
: "Well, perhaps he will let me know
somehow when I can see him and if Mrs.
Eddy cars be seen."'
"Oh, she expected • to see you; indeed,
Bhe did, before she suddenly got— busy.
No doubt Mr. Frye will send you word."
Here was a puzzle— "suddenly • got—
busy."' Kven the secretary, too, busy.
Well, patience la proper. And so we re
turn to town In the drizzle.
In the evenlnz a short but husky indi
vidual, with a white brown mustache, who
Is among- other things the - Eddy coach
man, drove up in a muddy buggy and said
to. me very shortly:
"Mr. Fire tu'.d me r to tell you that he
can't grant you an interview. He is
busy."
"How is everybody up there?'.' I asked.
"Oh— well," he answered, with a curious
hosltauon. ' M&t&Attnt,
Well, one can .wait even on bud man
ners, and 'so I waited on, assuring all
hands by note of my sincerity and good
will. .
Mr. Frye's Influence.
It developed, from town report, which,
of course, has its unreliabilities, that Air.
Frye— Calvin A. Frye— the secretary, was
gradually * assuming the' power of Mrs.
Eddy nnd was in training for her mantle
when It should please her to pass on Eii
jahwiee, and a .seclusion imitating hers
was gradually, being assumed. He prac
tically stands ¦ between her and every
body else 4 . He is very much -in her con
fidence. Rumor had it also that Mrs.
Eddy has made him her heir, .with some
thing resembling an entail on her prop
erty, and that ne will be the next high
priest. A certain disappearance behind
'the- veil: was thought advisable for him
also. . ¦ "-¦ i ¦¦¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦'.-.. ; ¦ •
A day passed. • It still rained. The re
port: that Mrs. , Eddy, was dead, or had
been dead .for some time, was scouted in
Concord,' but some 'held that It was not
Mrs. Eddy who drove forth, rain' or shine,
every day, but % a living substitute. The
hint indeed of a wax figure was seriously
ventured. • ......
In Concord .the Christian Scientists are
personae gratae. They .pay promptly and
have many interests there. The two dally
papers, the Patriots and the Monitor, are
said to be owned and controlled bi- them.
Mrs. Eddy lived in a house on State street
for .some time before 'the Pleasant View
place was bought, and while it,wa3 build
ing,' some . six or seven years ago. . Some
relatives named. Baker live in the town.
Mrs. Eddv is ; said v in : Concord to have a
son grown to man's 'estate,' 1 to whom she
is reputed to*, have' made large gifts in
cash and house property. He resides, 1 they
say, in the l .West.>- Her : adopted son, .who
was : a "healer" in Boston,- had a quarrel
with '.Mrs. Eddy some- years ago and left
the- East.'- ! ''¦¦••¦-. •": "¦"•.' -
• ¦Another thing came under notice. It Is
in Concord- naturally enough* that the
Christian Science souvenir silver spoon is
made, about which so much has [been said,
from time to time. I saw one/ And heard
about .them; ¦ -The i news that»Mrs. Eddy
enjoys a : percentage, : on ; each one sold
•would doubtless cheer every daughter of
Christian Science who owns one; but, un
fortunately •• it. t is " flatly " denied * bv i the
makers and others interested in their dis
posal.;-. ::";• ¦¦¦¦'¦>'¦'¦¦¦: : -~ •:¦¦.'.-:¦¦;<-•-_ ¦•¦.>, .-¦'
-Yes, every Christian Scientist 'is expect
ed* s. to buy. one, as well as "Science and
Health,", but .."It is ridiculous to -say,"
said one of -those: interested, ."that^a" re-^
ligion should rest on the sale of books and
souvenir spoons." It is a good spoon, and
1 V
a dear Bpoon, with an Inscription on tna
back to the effect that "Mind, Not Matter,
Fulfllleth," which is a curious inscription
tor a spoon. *
Now came word from Boston mysteri
ously that it would be well to call early in
the morning and see Joseph Mann at the
Eddy house, so again in the rain we go.
"Joseph, Mann," said the brown-eyed
maid, "is down at the cottage, and says
he is too busy to come up." ¦£?%:.
Heavens, what a busy place, and how
polite of Mr. Mann! Well, the cottage la
not far, but there appears to be no one in
It. At last a little hothouse behind ths
cottage i3 found; half a dozen men are in
It potting plants aa busy as may be. One
of them advances. He is ! of middle ago
and portly build, and wears a low-cut
vest, a white satin necktie, with a Chris
tian Science pin. and that class of reddish
brown Dundreary whiskers which always
suggest that the wearer is about to sing
a comic sontr.
"I am Joseph Mann," he says and I ex
plain. . . . ,
As I do I observe the coachman, who 19
Mr. Mann's brother, to be among the plant
potters,' and also a man with a long iron
gray mustache, who whisks away. Joseph
Mann isn't half a bad fellow, but he can
do nothing without Mr. Frye. I would bet
ter return and he will let me know. So,
again to town in the rain.
Mrs. Eddy Heard From.
About 2 in the afternoon a bugjry
splashes into Concord, and a man hands
me a ' big square envelope with a great
blue seal and is gone. I open it, and under
a lordly coat of arms in pale gold I read in
typewriting:
"Dictated. . • ¦ - ' APRIL 24, 1901.
"Dear Sir: I am. Indeed, sorry to dis
appoint you, but beg to say I nave not
time to give to the present mooted topics
relative to Christian Science, since It
makes mankind no wiser to Interchange
mere opinions on this subject. If in oho
or two hours I could give you sufficient
knowledge of Christian Science to demon
strate the truth of what I had said I
would give you this opportunity with
much pleasure, knowing that In turn you
could elucidate the principle whereof poo
ple are now speculating, and largely at
their own folly* Most truly,
"M. B. EDDY."
' Here was another puzzler. Mm.- Eddy
did not want to talk of, the "presont
mooted topics," but she would give me, as
I read the note, one or two hours of elu
cidatioa-of Christian Science. That waa
not precisely what I was seeking, but It
would be interesting, so out in the rain I
drove again. Alas! Mrs.. Eddy was out
driving.
"They will be back In about twenty m!n
ues." said the maid, so there was nothing
to do but drive away. Mr. Frye? He waa
on the box. Well, I shall see them after
all/ And as we drove toward the town,
sure enough, the carriage was coming.
A Dalr of, stout bays, drawing a low
square-bodied carriage, which my driver
styled a bus, was coming up the hill
through the rain. On the box were two
men, one man the burly coachman and
the other Frye. the secretary, a man with
a long gray mustache, surely he whom 'I
had seen whi3king out of the nothouaa
when I spoke to Joseph Mann. In the car
riage, as seen behind the veil of the slant
ing rain, was the figure. of an old lady,
white of hair and white of face, looking
straight ahead. .
.We returned to -the house in about a
quarter of an hour. »
v "Mrs. ! Eddy," said the brown-eyed girl,
"is too busy after her drive to see you."
So- was Mr;. Frye. Joseph Mann ap
peared and was sympathetic. .Yes, the
note might bear the- construction .that
Mrs. Eddy wanted to talk to me, but
whatever the note said, a conversation
with her was impossible now.- Why? Mr.
Mann wagged his Dundreary whiskers.
"You will see." said he. "there's an 'if*
in the note, and I think It hangs on the
•if.'" .; . \ ¦ • ¦ ' -¦ '-¦ .-... <.'.?¦-.
He did not sing it. but it had all. the
Mother's Boom Long "On-visited.
In the granite church' of Christian Sci
ence at Boston there is an ornate cham
ber called the Mother's Room, whereof
the floors are mosaic, the windows of
painted glass, the mantel of onyx and all
the furniture of the costliest. It; would
Invite any one. but it has not seen the
Christian Science has passed. In a very
short time ax religions go. from the condi
tions of an obscure cult, taught and prac
ticed in Boston back parlors, to a church
with temples of stone In many cities, a
widespread organization and a following
of well to do people, variously estimated
at from a hundred thousand to a million
bcuIs. Itself the development by a
woman of the ideas of a curious old spec
ulator in mental processes, it has already
given birth to a number of similar "phil
osophies," "religions" and practices that
hang on to Its coat tails. Protesting
against old religions as tyrannies, and
making mind cure disease its test and its
glory, it now freely denounces as heretics
and schismatics the mental curists, mental
scientists and faith curists outside its as
sociation The foe of other Christian
churches, the enemy at the start of Popes
ar>d prelates, it is developing an embryo
prelacy and has a Pope of its own as
"infallible" as any extant, and who ex
acts an absolute obedience from the faith-
It* Pope goes among the "loyal" by the
simple title of Mother, which, as every
pchoolboy knows. Is the feminine of Papa.
£he has been audaciously named a "fe
malft Christ" by some of her indiscreet
followers. ' Z..S '*.-¦• ''.
Mrs. Mary Baker Glover Eddy Is the
Mother of the Christian Scientists,- the
discoverer. In the latter sense she. can
have no successors, but if a prophet sel
dom has a progeny of seers to succeed
him. a church ruler must obviously have
a successor if the church is to hold to
gether. Now. it is a glory to grow old in
a noble life, and it is a gentlewoman s
glory to grow old gracefully If haply she
consents to grow old at all. Many worthy
dames nowadays, without any Christian
Science to sustain them, and only the
magazine advertisements to fall back up
on, decline to allow old age any of its tinus
honored privileges. For many reasons
Mrs. Eddy should take what measures
are within reach to preserve a more or
less youthful appearance— she, the Apostle
of Eternal Youth. ¦
But, alas! the years will not be denied.
There are unpleasantnesses no art can
cover. And the priestess must pass more
or less behind the veil if the unlovely
truth would be hid.
In a figurative if not an actual sense
Mrs. Eddy has passed behind the veil.
Remarkable Spread of the Cult.
Mormonism. in spite of its dubious
origin, failed of becoming more than a
local religion mainly because of its adop
tion of polygamy. It countered modern
civilization and the Caucasian religions in
that and w*»nt under outside Utah. Chrls
tia.n Science, in its attitude toward disease
and its pretensions to healing by mind
power, without other aid, has run foul of
the health laws la many States—particu
larly in the matter cf Infectious diseases.
It seems liable to legal attack also where
Its members fail to call in physicians and
the death ensues of these In their charge.
Its "healers' have been excluded from
Georgia by law. So it runs a danger
from one cause as Mormonlsm did from
another.
Mcrmonism made a prophet of its foun
der. Christian Science is making a higher
claim for its discoverer.
It was tr.y fortune to interview Brlgham
Young at Salt Lake City fcr the Herald
just thirty years ago. and the impression
of clear-headedness and shrewdness he
made has proved lasting. He had no
illusions; took no pains to appear a
prophet when he was not prophesying In
the Tabernacle. Mrs. Mary Baker Glover
l;ddv is said to have just as hard a busi
ness head and to keep all illusions out of
her bookkeeping. Will her institution
chow the vigor that Mormonism does a
quarter of a century after the demise of
its founder?
BY JOSEPH I. C CLARKE.
s-t i-a OHMONISM in the !ast century
/f\r/\ presented all the ac:s in the
// )( \V growth cf a "revealed" religion
11 Jjh, \}> iTOzn tne fim great draught on
credulity in the reading of the
unseen plates by Joe Smith, through an
exoCu?, martyrdoms and struggles to the
establishment cf a church of power and
vitality, haying now safely transferred its
headship from the founder. Smith, and the
builder. Brlgham Young, to other hands.
Christian Science is hktly shortly to
face that test of transfer. Will it sur
vive it as a united church?
(Copyrighted. 1901, by the New Tork Herald
Company.)
Mother for years and never may *~nm l*
lite, a:thoutii ausit omen!
For Mrs. Eddy is more than 80, most
people agree. Some say she is 85, though
according to another calculation she Is
only 77— but feeble, whatever her age.
She has never been, it is said for her, a
lever of display or cared for personal
worship face to face. At any rate, for
seven or eight years- past she has sedu
lously avoided public appearances. Two
or three years ago she traveled to Boston,
appeared on a platform and spake there
to her people. The s!pn of age then most
marked waa a trace of senile palsy in her
hands. Since then she has been more se
cluded than ever. Like the Pope in th*
Vatican fhe has . busied, herself with her
church affairs and. her garden. She has
confined her outings to solitary drives In
the neighborhood of her home. Some
time!?, pay the people of Concord town,
she drives out in a close carriage, some
times in an open one. If the weather Is
warm and fair. In the latter case fihe is
wont to carry a small parasol, which she
generally drops before her face as sine
parses people, though the homes are
usually driven at a smart trot. Rain or
shlrfe, hot or cold, the carriage goes forth
and return*.
Strange stories have grown up. It Is
not Mrs. Eddy, but a double— a woman
kept In the houf«» for the purpose — .<ny
some. The woman Is veiled, say others,
and It may be any on». "Sh« Is sick."
still others Fay. "and tho people are con
cealing it. for they dread the nffect th«
news would have on the 'loyal.' and the
church must gradually learn to be run
by another hand." .
Whom Is She Grooming P
Is Mrs. Eddy in good health? Is any
one else grooming for the position of
leader? If so, who? .
These were questions worth, perhaps, a
Journey to Concord. N. H., to solve, and
It waa undertaken in a spirit of sympathy
and discretion, for one would not pry
heedlessly or ask to know more than the
simple facts. The outcome waa humor
ous, or pathetic, as you choose to take
it, in Us exposition of the difficulties of
eternal youth at fourscore years of age.
Tho first thing was to get to Concord,
and the next thing was to learn that it
apparently did nothing but rain at Con
cord. . • . . ¦ /
When New Hampshire's State Legisla
ture Is not in session Concord appears to
have but two attractions for the world
outside of "drummers," who need no at
traction to bring them anywhere. ¦ These
attractions are Pleasant View, the house
of Mrs. Mary Baker Glover Eddy, and
St. Paul's School. To the latter well
groomed parents, leading. boys In knicker
bockers, arrive from other States, dine at
the Eagle, drive to the school and depart,"
leaving the boys. Few and far between
are the visitors to Pleasant View of late.
The faithful are warned off, and- no one
else bet a doomed newspaper man would,
choose an epoch of downpour for a call.
. Once a year. In June, , come the Chris
tian Scientists In hundreds, overrun the
town, swarm out along- the broad high
way leading west and hold , joy meetings
on the broad stretch of lawn that sweeps
, down to the valley from the ridge whereon
the house of Mrs. Eddy stands.' 'In the
afternoon they swarm toward. the house,
and on the balcony appears, they say. the
slim figure of a white haired woman,
waxen of face, with a waxen smile, who
bows in return to their greetings and. Is
gone. •
"She is very old— over 80," they say,
I and they all love her and call her mother.
They hide from one another any thought
that this "pale faced age of ours" is lay
ing its heavy fingers on her. '
"How young she looks!. Not a day over
60." -' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦¦ : " ¦ - .--:
But 60 to loviner eyes is apt to be a
false measure. A woman of 90 has look
ed as young as Mrs. Eddy • before now."
"Looks," Indeed, is part of the trouble of
Mrs. Eddy. .In a way easily explicable
she is expected to look young. The faith
that she preaches, and of which she
claims to be the discoverer, dismisses
death as an illusion; sickness likewise.; It
was as a "healer," a prolonger of mortal
life, that she made way for the spread
ing of her doctrine, . and shall she," the
high priestess, grow palsied : and feeble
and be unable '¦ to mount the altar steps
THE SUNDAYf OALI*.
with tho same firm tread as of old? Then,
even at 80-odd,' one la a woman, If one
was a woman at 20— priestess or no priest
ess—with all tho feminine foibles that to
be a woman Implies, and there you are.
11
"THE VEILED PROPHET"
OF CHRISTIAN SCIENCEContinued from Page Eleven.
swing of the refrain of a comic sons.
Mrs. Eddy, so far as was then con
cerned, was to remain behind the veil. .
It Is only a matter of less than, nine
years since Christian Science first took on
its present churchiy shape. There had
been a previous attempt in April, 1879. at
launching the religion in church form, but
it appears to have practically failed, lor
in September, 1892, occurred the real'"get
ting together," when, to quote the Chris
tian Science Church Manual, "at lie re
quest of the Rev. Mary Baker G. Eddy,
twelve of her students and church mem
bers met and reorganized, under her juris
diction, the Christian Science Church, and
named it the First Church of Christ, Sci
entist." At this meeting twenty others of
Mrs. Eddy's students and members of her
former church were elected members of
this church. . " ¦ •
. First on the list of the elect of that day
was Calvin A, Frye. Stick a pin In that,
and reflect that he is closest of all to Mrs.
Eddy now, and as desirable on that ac
count, In a minor, degree, to see as the
founder. ..
Small Beginnings. *
Mrs. Eddy was not by any means a poor
apostle In' 1892, when the present church
was started. According to her own state
ment, having founded in 1881 a Boston in
stitution, called the MasnachunettB Meta
physical College, she taught 4000 students
In It, sending them forth as "healers" dur
ing the ensuing seven years. It was a
cheap affair to run. The cqurse is repre
sented as consisting of lectures, mostly by
Mrs. Eddy, during thirty r half days, and
the fee is stated to "have been $300. This
looks like producing $1,200,000 In the seven
years, Allowing for a liberal discount on
the round . numbers and .the fee, large
amounts were gained, Mrs, Eddy-shut
up her college in lSKO. "In the height of its
prosperity," she says— as Is usual with
eolh-gesr-and started In to revlea her book,
* O T rtt ,!L f0r more extensive conquests,
in jw], according to one calculator who
has studied her life, the lady musthava
been 6S years old, A lamentable obscurity
|s allowed »o exist on this and other mat.
«ers which the faiihfHl should clear up
now, for Inter on they may he'ns hard ta
*«t a »t «« the minor toots In the»llte
"THE VEILED PROPHET."
according to an official. biography, once in
1S43, "to Colonel George W. Glover of
Charleston; S. C, and after his death to
Dr. Asa G. Eddy of Chelsea. Mass." "Dr.
Eddy," the narrative says dryly, "died in
1882." There should, it seeros to the casual
observer, be a, little more about Dr. Eddy,
for he surely came within the- great pe
riod and gave the lady the name by which
she will go down to posterity. 'The date
of Mr. Glover's departure is not set down,
but it 13 said to have been. not long after
his marrlagre. Yet. ?ne'e husbands are,
after all. mere mortal details in a spirit
region where soul is everything. ,What Is
materfal now is that Mrs. Eddy was. born .
somewhere between 1816 "land 1824, Jn the
woodland hamlet of Bow, near -Concord, >
N. H. . She came of Puritan parents, Mark
Baker being her father's name and Abi
gail B. Baker her mother's. They-christ
ened her Mary Baker. She cornea of fight
ing blood, for she claims as ancestors
General John Macneil of Lundys Lane;
General Henry Knox' of revolutionary
fame; Captain John Lanewell, an Indian .
fighter, nnd Sir John Macneil, "a British
Embassador to Persia." Combative^there
fore, on one side, her Puritnn ancestry
gave her that turn for spiritual wrestling
which begets religions and Isms, in New
England as naturally as a sea fog. begets
collisions off the coast; Joseph Smith,'
who founded Mormonlsm, was born In
Vermont, and Quimby was a Now Hamp
shire man, Bispham Young was a Ver
mont boy.
Her Debt to Dr.- Quimby.
Whenever phe began It la uncertain, but
the ferment of spiritual leaven within her
Impelled Mary.Bnker to soulful Inquiry,
Bba apparently denies that sh« ever 'be.
liaved in spiritualism; sba stigmatizes it
harBhly In ner book; but there was much
riabhllng In It ana" kindred curious things
long 'before she met Pt. Phlneas Park*
hurst Quimby, In Portland. Me, We was
a "heMiari" fl.nd Hrnoniing to Miss Orpss* .
pr, ha oured'iMrsi Olwer pfsoma trouhla
whlph hwi psusert her \n l»« *'hPln?rt - up , ¦
the steps," Thftfc-was In 1W8, Phfneafl,
whom sll rtesprlhe s« anepflentrlft fallow,
ut«r ' trftvellnif round ihe oountry as a
mesmerist, bad hit upon the comforting
thought that "disease 'is an error- of the.
mind and not. a real thing.:'- Sickness 'Is
brought about by - "personal .fear and be
liefs." Poor Quimby— he :dlcd poor. In
1SG6— was'not the 'man' to make a v schooi
or found a cult. He did not. in fact; ally
his theory to religion:,; It needed a more
subtle mind to do that, and Mary- Baker
Glover bad that mind." allied to an' acute;
business perception.. In 18GC she hud made;
the requisite combination.; According •• to
her own statement she, founded the first
school of Christian Science ijilnd healing
"about the yoar. 1867,:with'only one stu
dent." Thereafter we hear of her through
her own book at Tllton, ' N. H. ; '¦': Lynn
(June. 1873) and /Salem.- Mass;', 1 v apply ins
the Quimby methods and writing various
publications .heading more and.; more
toward, the goal." .It was. In lS75.that the
first edition of "Science and Health'\ ap
peared.. From that date-on we-may con-,
sider the bark launched and the. proposl
tlonUhat "Mind Is AH- and 'matter Is
naught" and . the, corollary that Life,
Truth and Love are all powerful and ever
present,", while' the. ''opposite of Truth —
called error, sin. sickness, disease, death-
Is the false testimony .of . the material
fsense." At first the book sold slowly,' but
the Metaphysical . College helped It, ; and
It helped the college, .and converts and
cash came' in together. 'An, era of Bteady,
income and Increase. of numbers, but ln
crffise that lacked real coherence, set ini
with toward the end 'of the 'SOb a gradual'
slackenlner. Thereupon Mrs. Eddy retired
from active healing, as we have Been,
and took her book work In hand with
grt-at vigor, , • '; .,
In 1802 phe ¦ emerged to found' her new
Flrpt. Church In »opton, With her faith-,
tul twelve and her ejected twenty she ha«
gap again, By the end of tha yearehe
must ¦ have ha4 = 600 membars, since .: that
year the Mother, Church his increased in
numbers three hnndra4 foio,
Wonderful Raeord, of Orowtfti
A <phureh mmtl .have ¦-¦ * fund",^ (hst , \n
fitsrf-w] on e vary hand, and the Oluirch nt
Chrtit, geltntlit, • would net i b« ao • m«9P>
tlon. Every member of a branch . church
in- any, part of the ' United States was en
couraged to take membership In the First,
or mother,' Church at the low rate of $1 a
year. In this way Its real, what might be
called ltsi':"flghting .-strength," can be
gaugedr.f or ,'what < member who carried a
banner In the "cause would fall to forward
heror h!3 dollar andtrave herself or. hap
ly himself enrolled? -We hear of the thou
sands ; outside this 'membership," and ,no
doubt they exist,' for truth is enjoined on;
all Christian. Scientists "at most .times,
but the 18,000 are the "regular, army," and
the rest a ; more : or less elastic? host. Tak-.
ing: the : membership of : 1892 at . 3 , per. cent
of , the ! . present membership," we ;;, observe
that it'galned 6 per cent in: 1893, advanced
10 percent in 1834. fell off to 6 per cent in
1895 and down to 2 per cent in 1898. In 1897
It rose again to 6 per cent, but it shows in
1S58, 1S99 and 1900* the- great respective
gains of 24, 21 and 22 per cent! ' ..
• And the i mainspring of all this is the
fertile '.brain of one very clever woman. ,- '
" 1 1 is perfectly, understandable,' therefore,
that 'her "religion and healing system
should appeal more quickly to women. .'In
the membership of the Aiother Church the
womencount for 72 per cent and, the* men
for 28, per. qent.',;It'ls, a. woman's church.
At a, service* on a recent Sunday -in the
Mother, Church t at': Boston ; the - proportion
seemed. to be about the same/, but the men
who were there evinced a decorous fervor,
of ,bellef that* quite equaled that of 4 the
women; and the collection was made by
nice-looking *young men. There was a
mala reader and a female reader, a mala
organist, ¦> a . male hymn leader and a > te
male'Holalst, and; all were clever- in: their
respective parts, . = ¦'• t '
• .'.Evidences of Her Shrewiaeea, '
, One'gre'at proof of Mra/Rddy's* phrew4»
ness I |s that Bha has tftken great precau
tions .against the ries <of ovarmasterlng
entitles Among her followers, ¦ U Is , only
the condition of "her fr4v»np»ng[..age th«-t
rms pvitiherat all jnjopthar hanfft, N»
great pqpHlftF nreaeher: Pftn Rrlsa- in pep
nhHrphes.ifor tfiera are no aprmona a| her
parvleea, Hnntulhlntf nt Hia neturs nt h
mass hft« bfeti|j'Wfnnga4 f«r.§y#ry gun.
day in the year, and what it precisely
shall • be r is 'printed in :the Christian Sci
ence Quarterly, :• a • thin - pamphlet which
sets down the services for every thirteen
weeks, and all is carefully copyrighted
by Mary .Baker G. Eddy. For Sunday,
May, 5r 1S01. : the • subject, , for instance, is
"Adam* and Fallen Man." After two
hymns- and' notice reading there Is a
Golden. Text from Hosea M:L Then fol
lows a responsive reading from Psalms
73:1-17, the, congregation answering the
Bible reader..,..- : ',.¦'• . ' .
There are two readers. In the Mother,
Church in Boston a couple of weeks ago
Septimus J. Hanna, a pale, slim,.- clean
pnaven; thoughtful man;- read from. Mrs.
Eddy's book, , and a very -stout lady with
an agreeable voice,* a • Mrs: . Eldora O.
Gragg, read from the • Bible.^ After, the
Psalms came the "sermon," of alternate
texts by the two readers. .While one was
reading the other listened- with an air of
great attention. Judge Hanna' always giv-'
ing a sort of little pious appearing - bow
when Mrs. Gragg. ended her extract. .., •.
'After, the sermon; there is 'a'solo'by^a
lady and a collection. > and then, a choral
hymn led by a' male singer. The 'service
lusts; about, am hour and a quarter. The
congregation was all well dressed; in fact,
poor Christian Scientists are exceedingly
rare. The rule of .these services ia abso
lute in all the churches, and every service
calls for at lea&t three of Mary Baker
Eddy's books. .*'„¦-./•'' '?/*• • j
- Their church manual thro'ws much light
on * their,' organization , and teaching. The
: Metaphysical -College , seems to be open
again,- for it Is provided that "the. teacher
of obstetrics therein must be an M. D. as
well as a believer. Everywhere we fln<l
its laws ironbound and autocratic,, and
everywhere they lead to more -and more
sales of Mrs. Eddy's works, t ;
; There la a monthly .called the Journal
and a weekly called the Sentinel, These
are the general'medla for orders from the
mother, As Jong no the mother Is able to
act ha sunt that she will be the.fons et
nrlgn at all orders, and whan she |s ready
to pea any one-^even. the, humble •caller in
tha raln=b3 sure that neHhsr Mr, Fry*
nor Jopaph MannJwr , any -ana e|@a from
Weaiiant ,V|6W |O Pftf Bgonja shall , pro ven|
jhf mownteyprt malrt from - giving th«
eallefl ona welcome to her h»4i, ..
•Igned Mary. Baker m&y, ie wb9 knewi?
The duties of the masters of stations
through which the royal train must pass
are rlearly defined. They must personally
•ea the "pilot" and the train pass, must
t>e Hire (hat men «r« stationed wherever
there ar* points, are responsible for th«
Figtial men's knowledge of ths special
MorU ttlfgraph Instruction* In use on
theee occasions an<i must Ben that goorta
on turgaee frelrin do not project nn as in
t»« near the royal parrtaees as they pees,
Tha points at snma pJttPes or»,th« royal
routa ara pedlocked. ,V
On ths train, whlrh carries two rusr<1»
and the uvueJ eerd attachment ? to the
HrjanniMniii
To guard the King's person and Insure
his safety a pilot engine is sent fifteen
minutes ahead of every royal train and
the lines are cleared of traffic fifteen min
utes in advance. To any one in any way
connected with the working of the train
a special time table 1* supplied. It. states
the exact time that the royal train will
pass or stop at each station and full par
ticulars of the stoppage of certain other
trains, and many other rules and regula
tions must be strictly adhered to. All
shunting operations on Ridings near the
main line must be stopped at least half
an hour before the train is due. Nothing
Is allowed to pans level crossings after
the pilot engine has run through. Drivers
of waiting trains are Instructed to pre
vent their engines "emitting smoke, mak
ing a noise by blowing off steam or whist
liner" at that time.
Th« approaches to viaducts are all
strictly guarded and no one is permitted
near the line or stations, on any pretense
whatever, except officials and servants on
duty, and they are forbidden to make any
demonstrations.
Precautions Taken.
The Jubilee train cost $200,000 and the
private saloon $30,000. The curtains are
hung upon silver poles, which are sus
pended upon fcmall gilt figures costing ten
guineas each. The carpet in this luxuri
ously fitted carriage cost 1750, while the
door handles are said to have cost the
same sum.
In Great Britain every 'line of conse
quence has its royal train, and King Ed
vard VII has this legal rteht to travel
euywbere at will free of cost. The royal
train proper, and the one most generally
used by trie iaie Queen Victoria, was built
at Swindon works. Her Majesty first trav
t-led in it from Windsor to London on the
occasion of ihe jubilee in 1S97. This train
is composed of six carriages, the total
length of which is 363 feet, and it Is put
together with the royal saloon in the cen
ter, two saloon carriages, one at each end
of the royal carriage, one nrst-class car
riage and two brake vans, one at each
end of the train.
The King's car Is fifty-four feet long
and the saioon compartment, in the cen
ter, has a domed roof. At each end of the
carriage are compartments and lavatories
for the suite. The carriage Is finished In
satinwood, with panels of sycamore; the
domed roof is decorated with Jions and
crowns in green and gold; all the metal
fittings are silver plated, and under the
carpets in the royal compartment and ves
tibule is a layer of cork. The steel under
frame is cased with mahogany and on
each corner is a curved lion's head, with
ciown.
At one end of each carriage is a com
partment for the railroad officials. These
carriages are finished with walnut fram
ing and sycamore panels, and the metal
fittings are gold lacquered. The roots are
finished with white and gold and the elec
tric light globes are of cut glass.
The royal compartment as upholstered in
French white silk corded rep. with green.'
white and gold silken tassels, heavy
deep fringe, cords, gimps, bosses, all with
a woven "rose, shamrock and thistle" pat
tern on the laces, and it. is hung with
preen silk curtains and blinds, edged with
preen and white cord and gimpy laces. The
carpet is green and white heavy pile che
nille, specially manufactured for the
Queen's saloon.
•«— V RESIDENT M'KINLEY'S great
"JL J tour through .the West and South
hL/ in a handsomely appointed train.
| specially fitted for the trip, has
X excited some discussion among
lullroad men 'regarding private trains.
Home of tbe crowned heads of Europe own
not only private trains but private loco
motives* and even a private ' railway has
beer, heard of.
near by. Experts recommend the use of
milk " from » the ', same . cow and hence th« -
little daughters of the Czar take their
cows with ¦••' them .when they travel.
On a recent visit 01 the Czar to Germany
a palatial -cow car, with two Holstein
; , ' ¦'. ' ' '-!•-¦ ¦¦. '
cows, was attached to. the imperial train.
. The last carriage h> for the train offi
cials, and comprises a - study, a - sitting
room and several coupes,- well stocked
with apparatus, as':tne whole of the train
is governed from here.- Each carriage Is
: "' * • ¦• - - ; , ;
When traveling the study, which is. fitted
out with all conven.euces for transacting
business, is 'the room principally used by
the Czar. The Impel ml train traveis at
the rate of thirty-live. miles a:i hour dur
ing the day, and about twenty-five miles
• ¦ ' ' ¦ » '. '¦ ": ¦ ¦ ¦'
an hour at, night, and as the carriages are
bung on excellent springs the. motion is
almost imperceptible. '-* . ,-.-*' • ¦ ••
There is in this train a carriage devotee*
to the children's playroom, while the
nursery, wlth^fairylike swinging, cots, is
whistle of the engine, there are also a
staff of telegraphers and teiegraph in
struments, so that in case cf emergency
communication may be . made at any
point on the line. .
An amusing incident happened during
one of the iate Queen's railway journeys
a few years ago. The train had to pass
a certain farm on the way, and the far
mer and his family and all the farm ser
vants gathered at an adjacent level cross
ing to gaze at the train as if passed. One
boy, with loyal intentions, had secured
his mother's best scarlet shawl to wave
as a flag, and he ran forward to a little
hiil near the crossing to get the /first
glimpse of the train. At last it came In
sight, and the youngster shpute<1 and
cheered, waving his flag frantically.
.Imagine the surprise of the people wh?n
the royal train slowed and stopped. In
an Instant a railway official had seized
the boy and cried: ¦
"Down with that shawl! Don't you
know you are stopping the royal train!"
The driver had taken it as a signal of
danger. Her Majesty wac "iuch amused.
How the Czar Travels.
The Russian imperial train Is. without
doubt, the most co3tly in the world. In
Its Interior furnishing- it surpasses In mag
nificence the train de luxe lately built for
the German Emperor, one of the most
luxuriously furnished trains that ever ran
over the iron road. Some idea of its splen
dor man be had wl-en it is stated that
$500,000 has been spent upon it. It is a
palace on wheels. It consists of eleven
carriages. The royal carriages are in the
center of the train.
The walls of the drawing-room are cov
ered with pale rose silk, while the royal
bedchamber is hung with light blue satin,
the furniture being covered with cretonne
of the same color. Each ¦ of the sleeping
saloons has a bedchamber attached, as
well as a dining-room. The dining saloon
is upholstered with chamois leather.
i- ; THifl :'. 6TXND AT /' C ALL. •: ' . \, > .
12
EUROPEAN ROYALTIES
ON THE RAIL
in telephonic communication J^th th«
others, while the systems of haatlnff, ?•»•
tilatlng.and lighting are unsuTpaajwd.
The German Emperor's private train !•
a very comfortable affair. It was »«»«
by the Government at the Potsdam worn*
and it has nine carriages. Outside the"
are painted In blue and cream and fold.
There Is a saloon carriage for the Em
peror and another for the Empress, be
sides kitchen, dining and luggage cars; a
saloon for the suite and another for tn«
servants. Finally there is a carriage con
taining, tools and workmen, to make anr
small repairs that may be necessary on
the Journey. The carriages are chocolate
color and bear the imperial eagle In black.
Yellow blinds, closely drawn, hide the in
terior from Inquisitive glances, ana when
the crimson cloth covered steps are
brought out, the platform is closed to the
public. , . .
. In Germany when royalty travels sched
ules, express trains and everything «la«
go by the board. At Frankfort one even
ing I sat in an express train for fifty-five
minute.* after starting time. Hundreds ot
passengers were fretting and fuming, a*
they had to make other railroad connec
tions, but could'get no explanation of the
delay. Finally a "saloon" car was coupled
to our train, a roll of bright carpet was
laid, a section of- the platform was
cleared." some hothouse palms were put
out and then another— a local train from
somewhere or other— pulled In, and with,
bowings and scrapings a lot of official!
escorted half a dozen "personages" from
one train to the other. ¦ ,'
r It was the Crown Prlnc© and Princess
of Greece, the latter the sister of th*
Emperor/; and the - public had been held
an' hour— some missing conectlons, others
breaking business engagements, for th«
royal convenience.
• One of the most elaborate of . royal
trains Is .that belonging to the Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria, It Is composed
of eight corridor cars. It was constructed
by Ringhoffer of Smlchow, Prague, and to
the minutest detail is perfect In every re
spect. It Is lighted by electricity, and th«
.kitchen is equipped with electricity for
cooking. The carriages are *o hung that
they will fit to any gauge of tracks, and
so shaped and fitted with folding entrance
steps that they can pass through th« nar
rowest defiles In Italy or Belgium.
The Emperor's sleeping room is
equipped. with his own field bed, without
which he never travels; a marble wash
stand with silver faucets; wardrobe*,
clotheppresses and a folding writing-table.
The Emperor's private saloon Is entered
through his sleeping room. , Th© walla are
decorated In olive, the furniture is of
olive green, and -the curtains and por
tieres are of harmonizing colors. It con
tains some rare works of art, and the
ceiling is a masterpiece of one of Aus-,
trla's greatest modern painters. . ..
At one>end of the- Emperor's Prwats
saloon and sleeping apartment Is the room
of his adjutant and aid de camp In attend
ance, and at the other that of his personal
servant and bodyguard. The entrance to
both la by folding-doors, which can is
opened and shut by a spring within reacn
of the Emperor s bed.
The dining car of the Austrian tapertai
train is one of the handsomest railway
carriages in the world *n d . c ° ntai , n " ,JL OU ?
rooms. The flrsf Is a corridor hallway,
with lounges, upholstered In leather, and
gives entrance to the smoking-room, con
taining card tables and lounges. Through
large sliding double doors one passes Into
the dining-room, upholstered^ In bronz-.
silver and gold leather, magnificently em
broidered. The side walls are divided Into
panels, in which are oil . paintings in
heavy frames. At the smoking-room and
Is a magnificent sideboard, heavily laden
with silver, and the entire wall behind It
is one Immense mirror. /
There are three extension tables, which,
when drawn out, form one large center
table with seating accommodations* for
sixteen diners. The Emperor never dines
alone when traveling, and the dinlng
table Is always fully occupied by the Env»
pernr'd guests. The fourth room Is a buf
fet where a sideboard is set at all hours
for. the convenience of the Emperor ana
h|s suite, ."" ."- i \
The King »f the Hel^Uns th» most
demoeraflo of modern sovereigns, pwars
traveling In ft flr»t. or even ft aeqonflr elaM
nan-lag* t" occupying a royal eompart.
ment or using * royaf train, A» M"JftM«f
of fapf, the pfe«»nl rov»l train of Baiffun)
In ft very shabby affair, un4 ICtn* J.oopot.t
fengr&liV travifs in * flm «l»§# eArrl«(*As 'soon a3 Mrs. McKinley had been
placed in. comfort in her apartment, the
President appeared on the platform of his
car and stepped down to the ground. He
was surrounded by dozens of his friends
who had come to bid h.im and his wife
gedspced. The President grasped i each
President Says Good-By.
With tender care Dr. Rixey helped the
attendants remove ¦ Mrs. McKinley from
the carriage and place her in the chair.
The attendants then lifted the chair with
its frail burden up the steps of the car.
the President assisting in the transfer of
his wife. Mrs. McKinley was at once
taken to her own apartment in the Pull
man, accompanied by the President, Dr.
nixey and the trained nurses who willgo
on to Washington with their charge.
SACRAMENTO," May 25.— After leaving
San Francisco this morning the Presi
dential train ran through crowds at all
the stations. Minute stops were made at !
Port Costa and Tracy, at each of whicn -
places the President shook hands with: a .
the Line to, See President
McKinley.
Many People Gather in. Towns Along-
. Henry T. Scott and General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific accompany the Presidential party as
far as Ogden. -
CROWDS AT ALL STATIONS.
Until the train disappeared from view the
figure of the President'could.be seen wav- .
ing adieu. -. . ' . ; , i
a chair close to the steps of the carriage.
At the Oakland mole a crowd of about
409 women and children had assembled,
hoping for a view of the distinguished
travelers. The railroad police caused con
siderable confusion by their frantic efforts
to keep the small number of sightseers
et a distance, and their rough actions
caused much comment. Children 100 feet
awny from the President's train were
roughly forced from points of vantage by
burly officers, and but for the arrival of
the ferry-boat there might- have, been a
email riot. As it was, the people fell into
orderly lines as soon as the first carriage
emerged from the ferry slip.
The President's train of eight Pullman
cans was backed Into the depot shortly
before lu o'clock. The President's car,
"Olympia," was the rear one and was
filled with fragrant flowers sent by
Xrlends in San Francisco and Oakland.
At 10:35 a. m. the /erry-boat reached the
Oakland mole and the carriages were
driven Into the depot. First came the car
riages containing the Cabinet members
and their ladies. Then the President's
jnounted police escort clattered from the'
ferry-boat into the depot shed, closely
iollowed by the President's carriage,
which was driven close to the rear steps
of the car "Olymoia."
X>r. Rlxev was the first to alight and
rave directions to the attendants to place
Small Crowd at the Mole.
As early as 8 o'clock yesterday morning
crowds began to gather in the vicinity <3f
the Bcott residence. The curious multi
tude took up its stand In Lafayette Park,
facing the Scott residence, and awaited
the departure of President and Mrs. .Mc-
Kinley. A large squad of police under the
personal command of Chief Sullivan kept
the crowd back and the streets clear in
the immediate vicinity of the President's
temporarj' residence.
The newspaper men who had watched
the house during the stay of the President
tmd his -wife eagerly awaited their ap
pearance. Camera men were not to be
Been. The President had requested that
the newspaper men forego photographing
his wife, and they to a man heeded his
request. Not 60 the amateur pho
tographers. They crowded the park and
¦were ready to level their cameras at the
house, but alert policemen warned them
that they might have their boxes smashed
If they did not get beyond range.
Promptly at 9:15 the doors of the Scott
residence were thrown wide open and
Urs. McKinley was carried out to the
Trailing carriage. She was propped up in
f p.n Invalid's chair and was carried to the
' -waiting vehicle by two Pullman car por
ters. The President walked by her side
end looked careworn and serious.
Mr. McKinley gracefully lifted his hat
to the officers and newspaper men who
Etood on the eldewalk with uncovered
heads as a mark of deep respect for the
Buffering wife of the chief Executive.
Mrs. McKinley Seemed Feeble.
Sirs. McKinley chowed signs of the se
vere Illness through which Ehe has passed,
and words of pity burst Involuntarily
from the lips of those who caw her. She
¦was pale and feeble and looked to be too
HI to undergo the long Journey to "Wash
ington. President McKinley entered the
Carriage first so as to be ready to assist
his wife, who was tenderly lifted Into the
conveyance by the porters. Dr. Rlxey,
her phy6lcian,j.ook his seat opposite Mrs.
McKinley, and the President pulled down
the blinds bo that- no one could look upon
the suffering wife. The large crowd re
snalned respectfully silent, and as the long
procession of carriages moved down the
etreet dispersed.
Coachman King drove down the asphalt
cm paved streets at a pace that would
not Jar the Invalid. "When the cavalcade
arrived at the *erry fully 2000 people were
on hand to give the distinguished visitors I
godspeed on their Journey. They were i
«£J5 appointed, however, as the closed car- |
rlage was driven Inside the gates and the
party took passage on the ferry-boat Oak
land. The President's visit to San Fran
cisco had passed into history.
Crowds Gather Early.
PRESIDENT AND MRS. McKIN
LET, accompanied by the mem
bers of the Cabinet and others
of the Presidential party, de-,
parted from San Francisco for
the East yesterday moraine: at
10 o'clock. All along the route
frcm the Scott residence at Clay and La
guna etreets to the ferry building "thou
sands watched the closely guarded, swift
ly moving carriage containing the chief
executive and his wife.
' Jso cheering marked the progress of the
President and Mrs. McKinley through the
streets. There was enthusiasm . in the
crowds, but It was of a silent nature. Hats
and handkerchiefs were waved, but not a
voice was raised. All traffic was tem
porarily suspended not by an order of the
police but as a matter of courtesy by the
drivers of teams and wagons and the
grlpmen and motormen of street cars.
At the ferry building a large force of
police kept the way to the boat clear. The
carriage was driven on to the Oakland,
¦which had been specially reserved to con
vey the Presidential party across the bay.
and a few minutes past 10 o'clock the
etemner left her slip and headed for the
Oakland mole.
The cresrs of the warships lying close
to the track of the ferry-boat formed In
lines on their decks, but no sound of guns
rrarked the progress of the President
ecroES the bay. The trip to the mole was
uneventful, and nothing disturbed the
comfort of Mrs. McKinler-
. •- . ¦ - ¦ ¦ - .. • ' . . ¦ . ..- - •.¦¦¦.¦ - -¦ ¦ - • ¦¦ ' ; .... !¦:• - ¦;:¦ ¦.-_-- • ¦_¦.-¦ - • " ¦ •: " ¦•':¦'.', . • ¦ ¦ _. ¦ .-.¦,.-.¦¦,« , ... ..*... .> , . .¦ ..¦
Chief Executive Bids Farewell t^
. - " ¦" ¦ " - ¦-¦'.-.- ¦ j ¦* , . ¦ y.', ¦ r k - -•¦'¦-"".'-¦ • " --. ¦ . _ ' i ¦.,*_'.--"¦.- ¦;¦.-..,¦ : . -- ¦ h\..v -*
on His Ijyn^ Journey^^
PRESIDENT McKINLEY NO LONGER
THE GUEST OF SAN FRANCISCO
PRICK FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY -26,: 1901 -- THITR Y-TWO PAGES.
Pages 13 to 22
f ] ''. PORT j COSTAL May " 25.— Mrs. • McKinley.
stood\ t he\ trip* .to ' the V train ;,y ery ,;well. ' .It
was*.{thelfiMtUlmV^sheihad"^ltUhe>air
since • she arrived* in San" Francisco aiid; It
seemed ttb i: d6J
Stands ! the Trip .Well. . -
Captain Stewart M. \ Brice of , New, ,Tork,"
a son of the late Senator, Brice,' who came
to San Francisco to be; present at the last
public" appearance" of -General ;. Shafter,
upon ;, whose ; j staff ? he ;. served; during , the
Spanish "war;. Is 'returning East. : on the
Presidential 'train^y,' ;;'* v
mento;was reached, and v Dr.^ Rlxey. be
lieves , she^will : be able . to stand . the • trip
to • Washington ; without stopping for 1 rest -
along.'the'route. , ,. - , '
,,¦ Pope , Receives : Chapelle.
.. .ROME," May 25.— The • 'Pope ">'• to-day re
ceived .; in : audience {Archbishop •' Chapelle
of l New .V Orleans,' T the 7 ' papal ' delegate ; j in
the Philippines/ and; had a long conversa-'
tion'.with.- him* on -questions , affecting ' the"
religious^ orders In '.the 'Philippines., .
perished.' 1
• • BERLIN,' May, .25.VA. dispatch from
Waldenburg; 'Prussia,', says * that as a re
sult \ of ¦ a,' fire 'which ". broke J oijt to-day - in
the ;; Hermann"' mine ¦", twenty-two • miners
the .seventy-eight: entombed, miners at the
Universal ; colliery ' has been- 'abandoned,
although 'the work of rescue continues/ ¦
~Hope]of Rescuing Seventy-Eight Men
<'- In an English Colliery. Is .
Abandoned. *
LONDON, ; May 25.^-All i hope of saving
ENTOMBED ¦ MINEBS^ ARE .
„ LEFT 'TO THETR ; FATE
Farm Employe Killed and Robbed of
; His Earnings Near' Coquille
City. , ; ;
MARSHFIELD, Or.,' May 23.— News has
reached \ here .of the ; discovery near Co
quille City of the body^of E. E.'Daly, who
evidently had been .murdered for his
money. Jesse McQuigg Iwhlle walking on
the railroad at ¦ Cedar Point saw a man
digging inthe "brush, and an Investigation
later 'resulted in the. discovery Qf Daly's
body, buried Just below, the surf ace. There
was a bullethole In the back of the" head.".
Daly came froffl Blackwell, Oklahoma,
and had been , working several months for
a : Cobs ; River farmer. ', He was paid * on
Thursday, receiving $170. * No money , was
found on the body. ' ¦}
MTTHDEREll BTJBIES HIS
VICTIM BY , THE ROADSIDE
says that the deal has been practically
completed for. the .purchase 'of forty-six
canneries on the tibast. from Alaska to
California ; . The establishments are the
largest on the . coast , outside of 'those
owned '.. by. .the Alaska > Packers' Associa
tion.' The combine will operate under the
name of the Pacific Packing and Nairtga
tlon Company, with a capital of 523.000,000.
Its headquarters will be in Seattle. '
Lord Mllner. of Cape Town.
. LONDON, May 2&.— Sir Alfred Mllner,
on ¦ his elevation to the ' peerage,
which was' announced yesterday, takas
the title ; of Lord Milner : of Cape Towi,
bination on the Pacific^ Coast, which will
rival the Alaska Packers' Association,
Syndicate.
SEATTLE. May" 23.— B. Onfrey, pro
moter of the new salmon packing com-
Forty;-Six Pacific Coast Canneries
i Will Be : Operated by -the ' .
Indiana is In line with similar movements
now in progress in Ohio and Illinois, and,
the prospects are that a gigantic combi
nation will be formed with a capitaliza
tion of probably $50,000,000. . The trusts in
the three States will be under different
organizations, but. it is said, they all may
be financed by the same source, • which
will make it equivalent to one combina
tion, as the object- of the three will ba
identical. John S. Bays of Sullivan. Ind.,
who represents the trust promoters in this
State, says the proposed combination
probably will be .known as the Indiana
Consolidated Coal • Company, and will
have headquarters somewhere near the
center of the fleld3. The minimum capital
stock will be $10,000,000. and It will be In
corporated under the laws of this State.
The trust probably will close down a num
ber of mines temporarily, as the large
operators assert that there is at this timo
an overproduction. Options ' have ¦ now
been obtained on over twenty of the
twenty-four large companies of the State.
According to Mr. Bays, arrangements
have already been made to finance the
project, and he admitted that the cams
persons who will furnish, the money in
this State are also anxious to furnish the
capital for the proposed trusts in Illinois
and Ohio. .^J
NEW SALMON PACKING .
V COMBINE COMPLETED
Three States Will Be Represented and
' the Capital Will Be Fifty
- - • 3Tiilions.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.; May 25.— The
proposed trust of the coal /operators of
COAL OPERAT0S3 ABE
FOEMHTG A BIG TBTJST
STOCKTON, May 23.-Fully 10,000
i people, old and young, ' assem
¦ bled at the Southern Pacific pas
senger station between the houra
of .noon and 1:30 o'clock to-day
to see President William McKln
¦ ley,- who arrived from San Fran
cisco on a special train, on which also
werp his sick wife and member* of the
Presidential party A
"It was .expected that the head of the
nation jwould address a few remarks to
the assembled multitude and a platform
had been constructedNsear the track for
that purpose. It was so arranged that he
could step from the cars directly on to a
railed elevated stage, but the train did not
stop more thanl a minute, during which
time the President shook hands with, a
dozen or ! more people who could reach
him and waved his handkerchief at the
great .throng. ' rV>, /
• \ . Streets Are Jammed
' For .several blocks the streets were
Jammed' 1 with humanity, teams and ve
hicles, .and .during: the brief stop of the.
train there. were hundreds of people who
did not get a sight of the chief executive.
Those who had crowded around the plat
form where jt was expected he -would
speak were especially disappointed- !
'As the "train came rolllnr into the sta
tion the Boys' Band struck up a medley
of national airs, but as the train came to
a standstill the music was stopped at th» >
request of members of the party en ac
count of Mrs. McKInley's Illness.
. "When the cars stopped the crowd made .
an effort to close IriVround them, but this
was prevented by the police and the^heavy ¦
wirea which had been ;_ stretched around
the enclosure. ' -
. His failure* to stop and address .the j
crowd .was explained by the President to
the Rev. W. C. Evans, : an old-time per
sonal friend. In these words:
- ¦ "Why He Bid Hot Speak. • '
"You can understand," Doctor. 1 that I do }
not feel like speaking. . Mrs. McKinley I»
not fo well.- The trip across the ferry was
a little hard on'hcr,* and if I were to go on
that' platform I wouldn't -feel; like speak
ing." ¦..,!; "/- \j.-j.
As the train pulled out the President
continued to .wave; his handkerchief and
bow, while cheer after cheer greeted hint^T
People crowded : not only the spatfe
around the station and the vacant lot to
the east, but the roofs of the station and
the adjacent houses were j al3o thronged.
Every point of vantage, even the tele
graph and electric light poles were crowd
ed with those who were bent on getting a
view of the President. They waved hats I
and flags and cheered and shouted them
selves hoarse. As the train stopped for a .
few seconds opposite the platform there
was a wild rush for the spot In the hop©
that ' Mr. McKinley would get off and
make a speech, but in another second or
two the train reeved away. In less than
a minute it was speeding on the way to
Washington and was out of sight.
. : j COLFAX; May 25.— After leaving Sacra
*-. mento,, the Presidential train ascended the
• Sierra."-. Nevada 'Mountains, rounding ; the
• snow-clad peak of Cape Horn just before
'dark. There were no. Incidents of the trip
I during the afternoon. The train is due to
-reach Ogden to-morrow, evening at 6:30..,.
there were no ill effects from the excite
ment | attending her departure. .'"
Train Bounds Cape Horn.
: Mrs. McKinley showed r nbj : •' ill .... effects
from*' her j Journey/ up "to; the: time • Sacra-,
the, most direct route, and that only such
stops as ; the 'necessities ( of the '.railroad
companies 'required : would ¦ be made. Th?
President ' desires : to go ; back ' to ] Washing-'
tonas quietly "as possible. , It is believed
that the ! train", will arrive T there" Thursday
morning.'bu't the hour; has not. been fixed,
r as. the , transportation /arrangements; be
yond - Chicago ¦' have -*not i been \ completed.;
Beyond : pgden.^where the train leaves the
line ; of the ] Southern - Pacific , the : route i t to ]
Omaha wiil be.: over .the • Union ; Pa'clflc;.
thence •: to . Chicago '' go'i over,/ the} 'Chicago
and Northwestern.'- The last stage of ' th«
journey from : Chicago ,tb; Washington i will '
be ' over 1 the 'i Pennsylvania-: line.; • -., ¦¦'•> "y \ '-f-j
Since the route of, the return Journey to
"Washington has been published. telegrams
have' poured in- upon the President' asking
him to stop at almost every city * and
town. '/¦ Secretary Cortelyou^ has uniformly,
responded, to these appeals' that' the Presi
dent- waa.yolnjrfbwkjto .Washington *bjr,
number of people. ''At Stockton, through
some misunderstanding-, the . inhabitants
thought the train would stop thirty.;min
utes. The entire j population was _ at , the
station J and . a j stand- had • been ." . erected
alongside the track. But: the 1 train only
halted two ! minutes. The, President ap
peared upon the rear platform and bowed
his acknowledgments ¦ to , the . vast assem
blage! He also^ shook hands. with some of
those who crowded about the , platform/
SCENES AT OAKLAND MOLE^HEN THE PRESIDENT'S TRAIN PULLS OUT.
The train slowly started and all hats
were rfmovad. /The, President waved his
hat In his : right hand and then ¦ took \ a
white handkerchief In his left hand. The
crowd responded • In similar . manner and
silently bade the chief executive good-by.
"A number of ladies shook hands with
the President, and at 10:45 a. m. Secre
tary Cortelyou whispered to his chief that
It was time to start The President board
ed his car and stood on the rear platform. ;
Chief Sullivan was also complimented by
Secret Service Agent Forster, the '. Presi
dent's personal body guard. .
"I want to thank you sincerely," said
the President* to Chief Sullivan, "for the
6rder maintained in San Francisco on all
occasions while I was in the city, and beg
to ask you to convey my thanks to the
men of your department. Your police
force Is a credit to you and to your city.'\
To Chief Sullivan the President accord
ed the heartiest thanks and complimented
the Chief on the discipline and order main
tained during the President's sojourn.
one by the hand and then turned to the
police and detective officers who have
guarded him during his stay In San Fran
cisco. To «ach officer the President ten
dered his thanks for the care they had
taken of him and the careful watch main
tained so that Mrs. McKinley might not
be disturbed. v "
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 177.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pap 13 to 22OROVrLLE, May 25.— James Wheeler,
who was convicted of the murder of
Emily Martin at Coutolenc, was to-day
sentenced to be hanged on August 16.
SAN JOSE, May 25.— James Ryan, a for
mer San Franciscan who sought to end
his life by throwing himself in front of a
train at Gilroy, was brought to the Coun
ty Jail here to-day to serve twenty days
for disturbing the peace. Ryan's wife de
serted him in San Francisco a few weeks
ago, and he tried to- drown his sorrow in
a prolonged spree. Kelatlves sent him to
Gilroy to sober up. Yesterday he hurled
himself in front of a moving train, but
Constable White effected his rescue just
in time. Ryan was then arrested.
vented by a Constable in
Gilroy.
Former San Franciscan's Suicide Pre-
THKOWS HIMSELF IN
FRONT OF A -TRAIN
The murder was committed but a short
distance from the section houses and the
wives of the victims witnessed the tragedy
and heard the shots. They hurried to the
spot as soon as the bandits had disap
peared and removed the bodies from the
railway track just before a southbound
freight train arrived. The train was
stopped and a complete investigation was
made by the American crew. The women
were taken to Casasgrandes and the au
thorities of both Casasgrandes and Guz
man were notified. The crime was report
ed to-night to the general offices of j the
road here.
hiding. It is supposed that the perpe
trators of this crime were members of his
gang of cut-throats.
The rock on which the Grant struck was
not on the British charts of the Saanlch
Inlet, and it is eaid that Captain Tozier
was using one of the British charts. The
American charts, however, locate the
rock.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 23.— The
United States revenue cutter Rush, Cap
tain Kilgore, arrived this evening from
the scene of the wreck of the cutter
Grant, haying left there this morning.
Captain Kilgore reports that the damage
sustained was not so serious as at first re
ported, according to the statement of the
diver who examined the hull of the \es
eeL The revenue cutter Perry is at the
scene of the wreck Pumps are working
and it was expected that she would be
floated to-night.
Inaccuracy of the British
Charts.
Disaster to the Vessel Due to the
DAMAGE TO BEVENTTB
GUTTER GRANT SLIGHT
When shot down by the robbers the men
•were at work. Their bodies were stripped
of all valuables ; and clothing and the
corpses bound on the rails so - that the
next passing train would mangle them
and conceal the fact that murder had
been committed. After completing their
bloody task the bandits mounted their
horses and rode away toward the moun
tain fastnesses where the members of
Juan Colorado's band are believed to be in
EL PASO, Texas, May 25.— Two Mexican
track hands in the employ of the Sierra
Mad re Railway were ruthlessly murdered
by bandits this afternoon near Guzman,
Mexico, sixty-five -miles south of El Paso.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TWO MEXICAN RAILWAY HANDS
RUTHLESSLY SLAIN BY BANDITS
¦REDWOQD CITY, May 25.— The origin
of the forest fire which consumed 'the
shingle mill of Sampson Brothers 'on Sep
tember 12 last was accounted for > to-day
-In ] the' trial ' of the t action ~ for damages
against Hughes and Peers. The fire
started in a rat's nestin theihead of the
gulch in which defendants were logging
on September 12, . and was (set by a 13
year-old boy named Charles Wyman.
1 • The testimony of this boy was "straight
forward and was unshaken on cross-ex
amination. He. and his brother were
searching for a,. stray, cow," when 'their
dog ran a rat into its nest. *¦¦; They • tried
to 1 diff. the rat; out,- but not* succeeding
set' fire. to the nest. The rat then ran out
and up a tree and the boys after it./rhey
knocked it- out; of the. tree, >but if got
away. They: then tried to extinguish' the
fire with their • coats, ; but could ' not; - their
coats being burned, y Nobody ' was told
about « how .¦ the fire .. started > ., until > the
mother, of ; the boys asked . them 'Where
their " coats were/, when - they told" her. ¦ ¦ »
START FOBEST, FIBE BY
SMOKING OITT^A BAT
SALT LAKE, Utah, May.25.— The wind
storm . which . swept . over < Nevada, , Utah
Southern Idaho, Wyoming and Coloradi
Thursday night and which blew constant
ly until : to-day, did damage , that will rui
into the hundreds of thousands 'of dollars
It resulted in" almost complete prostratioi
of the telegraph : and telephone: service: li
thu States affedted, arid fo*r "nearly twenty
four,; hours V; during .the height '< of -_th<
storm the intermountain' region was prac
tically s cut off from the rest of the world
. The storm was severest in Eastern Ne
vada and .Utah and in the fertile valley
in .the northern: part of Utah widesprea<
devastation resulted. When*" the . storn
.way. -at '-its height last night the. wind- a
seme f points | reached a .velocity of ; ttf v.
miles > an hour. ."At.Ogden the .storra'.wa
felt the worst. : Here the: wind tore -roof;
.from a" number of buildings, including 1 th<
Baptist ¦ church," ; completely idemolishinj
barns and outbuildings and , scatterini
them far and wide, uprooted many shadi
trees and ; tore -others to- pieces, blew ii
plate . glass . windows '-in business ', block;
and prostrated electric light wires so tha
after midnight t the * city, was I in darkness
The damage in Ogden probably wllLreacl
$100,000. ¦: •¦ --.' ¦• M ¦ ."¦-• -: • •" - -." ., ¦ ' •- . ¦ •>: •¦ .
- At .Five Points,' . Logan, ;". Smlthfleld
Hooper . and "other, places thfe damage :.wa:
very great; Miuridreds of fruit trees wen
stripped of their foliage.-; The fore© of thi
wind was so terrific around 'Logan am
Hooter that tomato vines were swept en
tirely '?¦ from "fields. •; It v is estimated tha
fully ,; half : of i the ' crop . H-was -• destroyed
"Around Hooper. ; the r sweep : of , the wine
blew, away : the | plowed ground to the f ul
depth , .that*-' the plows . had ¦ entered Ithi
earth, -.rendering the land' practically use
:less.v ¦ -:¦'"¦ '¦• ¦'¦¦¦.-- .,',:¦¦•.¦¦- . ¦ ¦ ¦ : .
"j Along .. the ". north h shore ' of ; Great . Sal
Lake. the wind -picked up the dry sand ii
great ; clouds land = hurled •¦' it "across ;th(
country " withV terrific . forced half ~ buryini
< the"; railroad -tracks: for. miles. -. '•.
Form ;. Co-operative -'Association;
>' PET ALUM A,."- May " 25.--Th'e ;Petalum£
, Grange 'I and - to-day ' organized ft
Rochdale f association -^ In;/ thi3 \ city, \ anc
iunder^ the" corporate ; management ,: intenc
; to i become v their .; own; middlemen i in -; th(
provision 1 ! and .grocery i.buslness. % , The* or
ganization will be called the Co-operativ<
Petaluma ¦ Rochdale Association. ¦".* The di
rectors are Georg"e W-* Park,' David '.Wells,
of Petaluma; ;C.'D.'Grover,"T.' C. Putnam,
of Vallejo Townahip, and .$. G. King anc
W.rD.'Hoiux of Petaluma. Township. 4 . ',
Devastation in the Track
. of the Terrific
¦ Storm. ;V
RUINOUS WIND
WRECKS HOMES
If You Have Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop,Racln«,"Wl»..'
box 137,for«ix bottles of Dr. Shoop*» Rhenmatlo
Cure, exp. paid. It cured pay$3.50. If not.lt Is free*
Effect ft' Reconciliation.;
SANTA ROSA, 'May 25.— The Miydrc*
proceedings .instituted against Rev. Ar
thur Rhodes by Lulu Rhodes -were dis
missed this afternoon.. A reconciliation
has been effected and it is understood tha
couple will live together again. •
j NAPA, May 25.— District Attorney Bell
of- this county has handed down a decision
ln which he says that Auditor Deweese.
and Treasurer^ Gardner of Napa. County.'
can lawfully pay the Justices* salaries au
thorized by the last Legislature. H»
holds, however, that 'the Supervisors' sali i
ary law passed by the Legislature, at $1000 •
per year, is unconstitutional, and states
that the Auditor and Treasurer should not |
pay the demands.
District Attorney Bell claims that the .
Supervisors' salary act -raises- salaries .
which the county government act of 1SJ>7..
says "shall be no more than-,J500/a year
and mileage for Road. Commissioners. . • In ;
the case of Justlces.it is a different phase,";
as the act of .1897 provide* for ! "fees or •
such compensation -as- may hereafter- ba
fixed.'* ¦:¦ ¦:¦ '¦¦' ¦- --""¦'.• " " .-' .."¦;,.;
;;Napa,' County's Counsel)
I -Attacks Supervisors' ;^
' ; v > J- Salary Act.
j , * ! SEecial .Dispatch to Tha CaTL
Alva G.v Davis Explains
Dis- !
~\ ;: appearance. ; • !
¦ : ..-.r- ; *7 tj* •¦• — — 1+ . • ,-•-. ;
TRUCKBE, May 25.— Alva G. Davis ". of
Vallejo. who disappeared from San. Fran- j
Cisco under mysterious circumstances last
Tuer day, came to ; Truckee this ¦ morning^
from Wadsworth, Nev. Davis was to
have been married to Mrs. Lillie Parks on
"Wednesday and. had gone with her en
Tuetdayrafternoon to purchase the furni
ture for their home. He desired that shej
go to Oakland with him to draw 'some-'
'money from bank, but she could not go,'
and he started alone. In a Market street
saloon he took a drink with a couple; of
men to whom he was introduced by a
mutual friend. "From that time he claims,
to have known nothing whatever until he
regained consciousness yesterday morning
in the Wadsworth Hotel. | He was in a
highly overwrought and nervous condition
and when he got to Reno was examined
as to his sanity, but upon testifying to the
facts in the case he was discharged.
> • Wadsworth people say .Davis came to
the hotel with a man who registered under
the name of Umber and gave his residence
as Truckee; hence Davis stopped off here
to see if he could find such a person. He
is still very nervous : and appears to be
half-demented. Some of. his talk is inco
herent. >
Davis claims that he will prosecute those
w,ho are responsible for the outrage which
has been perpetrated, upon him and says
he knows who they are. He denies having
drawn any money from the Oakland bank.
He say3 he must have been given "knock
out drops" and Intimates that the perpe
trators .had no object except -.to prevent
his marriage. ... , . - -'...<¦.. ' . ,. -
MAY BE VICTIM
OF CRUEL JOKE
QUESTIONS NEW
LAW'S VALIDITY
the biggest mineral finds made in British
Columbia this season is that reported
day by S. Arden Singlehurst, manager of
a large mining property' on :the Skeena
River belonging to Howard Gould of New
York. The rich ore is on the 150-foot level
and the vein is ten feet in width, of con-"
tinuous quartz. ; ¦ ' ¦ .-'
The total value of the ore is between
$1000 and J1200 to the ton, the showing of
silver and gold, being especially high.
There is silver to a- value of $650 to -the
ton and it carries $300 more in gold. Free
gold can be seen in many samples of the
quartz. The ore contains copper also, andi
altogether Mr. Gould. is believed to have
ons of the richest properties in the north
ern part of this province. ' "
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 25.— One of
Rich i Mineral Find- in a
the
New Yorker. :'.
¦ . • - ¦-- — '"' ¦? ¦ ./¦. : '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOWARD GOULD'S
QUARTZ STRIKE
PASSION PLAY
IN NEW FORM
Santa Clara College Stu
dents Plan Novel Pre-
V sentation.
Role of the Man-God Will
Be Omitted From Their
'¦ ¦ ¦ . •, -.-'¦ ¦
Tableaux. j
. ¦ — »
. Special -T>ispatch to : The Call. ; '•', ; -,
SAN JOSE, May 25.— The -""Passion
Play" that is to be presented at r the
trolden Jubilee exercises of; Santa Clara
College on May 31 and June -3 promises
to rival the great production of Ober
ammergau,* for which thousands .journey
long ; distances to see the story r of the
Nazarene illustrated. It is predicted the
Santa Clara production •, will become
equally as famous on this coast and will
become an annual event. Attention has
been attracted to the play from all over
the State -and the demand for tickets ; is
tar ahead of what was expected. A spe
cial train will be run trom San : Francisco
on June 3 for- the benefit of, the residents
of that city. - . •
The Santa Clara "Passion : Play" is al
together unique. Many attempts have
been made to dramatize and stage "tha
story that transformed the world," but
with*'the exception of the Oberammer-
Bau. production they have ' all been fail
ures. The chief difficulty lies in the im
personation of the character of the man
god, and this difficulty can be. obviated
only by one of two .ways — either the'per
son who takes the nart of Christ must in
person; and by characteristics be 1 peculiar
ly adapted to the part, or the, role of the
protagonist must be omitted. Oberammer
gau has chosen- the former way. and Santa
Clara the latter. .' - •
\ The form. of the play also is remark
able. Clay M. Greene, the well-known
playwright, is the author and he has evi
dently created ; a \. masterpiece. Four
epochs and ten chapters make up the
story. Electrical devices • and fine scen
ery have been procured, and th* staging
of the piece .will equal that of any play
ever presented on this coast. ..
The music will be magnificent. Rev.
Father Sesnon of San Rafael, assisted by
a chorus and an orchestra, will sing, the
choicest and most appropriate pieces as
preludes to the different epochs or 'acts.
RAIN CONTINUES
IN THE SOUTH
Precipitation of Season
Far in Excess of
the Average. »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, -May 25.— The rain
which began falling yesterday morning re
sumed during the- night, and though the
fall was light In the city it is believed to
have been much heavier at outside points.
Up to 5 o'clock this morning the precipi
tation for the fctorm was. .61 of an^inch,
and since that time .09 of an inch addi
tional has fallen. This makes a total for
the season of 16.29 inches, considerably In
excess of the average. Railroad reports
indicate that the storm was more general
than at'first reported, and while a~ great
deal, of -hay that Is, down.. will, be injured
materially/ the W damage is offset by; the
good done to young "orchards and to irri
gators. ; It is likely quite an amount of
corn .-and possibly : another - crop of pota
toes-will be put in* because of this- rain,
which has left the -ground in good condi
tion for planting. •..*'
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— Rain has fal
len at intervals to-night. No damage will
be done.
V1SALIA, May 2o.-One and sixty-five
hundredths Inches of rain fell in this city
to-day, ln about four hours. Fruit is not
injured, but the crop will be delayed
abouUtwo weeks. A iarge amount of hay
was ruined. - Grain men -say. their loss in
Tulare County willbe about $450,000.
SAN JOSE, May 25.— It has been raining
here briskly since 7 o'clock this evening,
and at 10 o'clock there was no sign of
cessation. Great damage to hay is feared.
Ripe cherries and strawberries will suffer.
STOCKTON. May :£.— The rainfall here
this, afternoon and evening was .23 of an
inch/ making 16.38 for the season. Much
hay is down in the fields and will be dam
aged unless warm weather follows. % . '
SAN DIEGO. May 25.— It has been fair
here to-day and there, are no signs of rain
to-night. > . ~
Charged With Serious Crime.
1 SALINAS, May 25.— M. D. Wilmot, fifty
years of age, was captured to-day after a
four\ days' hunt and lodged ln jail here.
He is charged with a statutory crime com
mitted in Pacific Grove, the complaining
witness being a girl under twelve years of
age. : Two other men, both upward' of
sixty -.years of age, are under surveillance
in Pacific Grove and will be arrested.
Wilmot Is a man of family. There is in
tense excitement over the alleged crime,'
and - the Jail will be guarded to . prevent
any attempt by the populace to do vio
lence to the prisoner.
Burglar Bobs Lovell White.
SAN RAFAEL., May 25.— The residence
of Lovell White at .Mill Valley was en
tered • by a burglar to-night and $200 ln
coin was stolen from a desk. Suspicion
points to a young man who was formerly
in Mr. White's employ. The officers have
his description and a sharp lookout is be
ing kept for him." !
Tribute to Navy's Bead.
SANTA CRUZ, May 25.— On Decoration
day-flowers will be thrown In thebayito
honor the memory of sailors who perished
' at sea during . the civil war. This cere
mony has never been performed before,
and. it is believed it will be imitated, at
other places throughout the country lo
cated on bays, Iake3 or oceans.
?
NEW YORK, May 25.— The annual track
and field championship of the Intercolle
giate Association of the Amateur Athletic
Association of America was concluded to
day at the Berkeley oval. Wretched
weather literally ruined what promised
to be the most eventful meeting in the
history of the organization, and instead of
a crop of new records the- crowd .which
braved rain and wind had to-be content
with a series of mediocre., performances.
About 1500 people of both: sexes tried to
infuse enthusiasm into the mud-bespat-,
tered athletes, who -in -spite- of the muck
and mire. responded gamely. . •• . .
As anticipated, the battle for the cham
pionship cup was fought out to the bitter
end, and when the final reckoning came
the anxious boys from New Haven saw
with dismay Harvard the victor by the
splendid score of 44 points. Yale was
credited with 30 5-6 points, which gave the
second place to her, and Princeton came
in third with a total of 16 1-6 points. To
the surprise of the spectators Cornell took
fourth place with 15 well earned points. It
is the first time in her many years of com
petition at the Mott Haven games that the
Ithaca institution has scored a first, and
when Gallagher trotted home in the two
mile, run and Sears. outran all competitors
in the 220-yard not a man on the grounds
begrudged her, two first prizes. •
The University of Pennsylvania is rele
gated to seventh place, after having held
the championship for the past four, years.
The two local colleges, Columbia and New j
York University, each scored five points.
Bowdoin made four points and the re
maining half-point went to Syracuse. Har
vard had not won the championship. since
1892. ¦ • ¦ , ,
On the basis of five points for first, three
points for second, two points for third and
one point for fourth, the following shows
the score: Harvard 44. Yale 30 5-6, Prince
tori 16 1-6, Cornell 15, Georgetown 10, Mich
igan 6 2-3, Pennsylvania 5 5-6, Columbia 5,
New York 5, Bowdoin 4, Syracuse- %. The
results of the events were as follows:
100 yards, seml-fliial heats: Flret heat— Won
by F. M. Sears, Cornell; C. Dupee, Yale, sec
ond. Time, :10 1-5. Second heat— Won by A.
F. Duffy, Georgetown; M. F. Lightner, Har
vard, second. Time, :10 2-5.
120-yard hurdle, • semi-final heats: First heat —
Woa by E. J. Clapp. Yale; J. G. "Willis, Har
vard, second. Time, :16 4-6. Second heat— Won
by J. H. Converse, Harvard; Walter Fishleigh
Michigan, second. Time, : 17 1-6.
One mile run, • final— Won by H. B. Clark,
Harvard; W. B. Weston,' Yale, second. Time,
4^31 1-5. i ' -;'*..- •¦¦¦:
440-yard run, final— Won ' by ¦ W. i Holland,
Georgetown; C. C. Rust, Harvard, second; W.
G. Clark, Harvard, third ;-T. L. Manaon. Har
vard, fourth. Time. :51 3-5.
Finals of the bicycle races — Postponed until
10:30 .o'clock on Monday.
120-yard hurdle, final heat— Won by E. J.
Clapp, Yale; J. H. Converse, , Harvard.- second ;
G. G. Willis,' Harvard, third; Walter Fish
leig-h, - Michigan, fourth. Time, :1« 1-5. •
Putting- sixteen-pound shot— Won by R. Shel
don, Yale. 43 feet 9 inches; F. G. Beck, Yale,
second, 43 feet 5% inches. ..
100-yard run, final— Won by A. F. Duffey.
Georgetown; M. F. Lightner,' Harvard, sec
ond. Time,- :10 1-5.
Two-mile run, final— Won by B. A. Gallagher
Cornell; E, W.. Mills, Harvard, second. Time
:10. . ¦ . ••.- - ¦ ¦ . ¦ ;•; • ¦¦ ¦ ¦
220-yard hurdle, semi-final heats:. First heat-
Won by J. G. Willis (Harvard), K. J. Clapp
(Yale) second. Time, :25 2-5. Second heat—
Won by J. H. Converse (Harvard), J. N.
Thomas (Yale) second. Time, :26 4-5.
220-yard run, semi-final heats: First heat-
Won by F. M. Sears (Cornell). C. Dupee (Yale)
second. Time, :22 4-5. Second heat— Won by
H. H. Cloudman (Bowdoin). M. T., LJehtner
(Harvard) second. Time, :23. ¦ .- ¦•¦-.'
Running high Jump: Final heat— Won by S
S. Jones (New York University), ' 6 feet 10V4
inches. S. C. Ellis and C. M. Koch (Harvard) .
tied for second at 5 f eet " 9 inches. W. C"
Lowe (Syracuse) and S. W.' Curtis (Princeton)
tied for fourth place at 5 feet 7V4 inches.- ¦
[ Running broad jump— Won by C. U. Kennedy
(Columbia), 21 feet 6 3-5 Inches. '}?. "°" -*
¦ Pole vault— The following six men : tied for
first place at 10 feet 9 inches and agreed to di
vide the points: . E. Deaken ¦ (Pennsylvania)"
A. ,W. Coleman" (Princeton),' Charles D." Vorak
(Michigan), J. P. ' Hord (Yale), P. A. Moore
(Princeton) and Walter Fishleigh (Michigan)
In the Jump off for first place Deaken (Penn
sylvania) won. with a leap, of 10 f«et 7 Inches.
A Lively Intercollegiate
Battle on Flooded
Ground.
CRIMSON WINS
CHAMPION CUP
• SAN JOSE, May 25.— The circle of mu
sicians in this city has been agog the past
week over the. breaking of ; an. engagement
on' the eve of "marriage between •* Louis
Knell, the leader of the Fifth. Regiment
ba'nd, and M^es Stella Folsom,; who.was
an original member of the ladies' band of
this city. To-morrow nad been chosen as
the wedding day! To-night Knell 'occu
pies, a cell in the County Jail, charged
with stealing $S0 from his employer.
About a year ago Knell came -to tnis
city from Los Angeles. He is "an excellent
musician, and In local musical circles he
met Miss Fol3om. a pretty and estimable
young woman. An engagement followed.
Knell, who was employed as a day clerk
at the New York Exchange, became lead
er of the Fifth Regiment band a short
time ego. Miss Folsom, who is cashier at
the Mercantile restaurant, notified her
employer. a couple of weeks ago that she'
intended to resign. Her wedding trous
seau was all leady and arrangements
were made for the ceremony.
A few days ago . friends of the young
lady told her that Knell was, not all he
professed to be— that. he had been arrest
ed in Los Angoles for embezzlement and
that similar charges were about to be pre
ferred against him here. Miss Folsom at
once broke off the engagement, but re
fused to give her friends any reason.
Knell left town for a day or two, but
returned last night. To-day Henry Roehr,
manager of the New York Exchange,
swore to a warrant before Justice Wal
lace charging Knell with having embez
zled $80 while in his employ. , Knell was
arrested this evening. and is in jail in de
fault of $2000 bail. Friends of the pretty
girl, musician are now congratulating her
on her/tiarrow escape from a bad mar
riage. . •
Marriage.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \.
Arrest Comes the Day Before
That Set for His
Fifth Regiment Band
Leader Accused of
Embezzlement. 8
TENANTS CELL
ON WEDDING EVE
, i . > .^. ._.„.-,-, v> . .,-„,.. ...... v .... -¦ ..... -. ¦.. -, ..,,.. .,..,;.,,,., ,:-.,- .......
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUAY 26. 1901.
l
.t
•s
14
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Has won success far beyond the effec!
of advertising only. . ..
The true secret of its wonderful popu-
larity is : explained;"entirely, and "only,
by its unapproachable Merit. . . ¦ " v '
' Based ;-,-'. upon s a prescription .: which
cured people considered incurable,
which accomplished wonders -astonish-
ing to the medical profession, v ¦
Hood's
Includes the concentrated- values of the
best : known ".vegetable remedies. ' unite J
by; such, an -original arid peculiar -com-
bination, r proportion ; and process as } to
secure curative power peculiar.; to itself;
; Its cures- of mild 'and: extreme '"caseV
of -scrofula,: eczema, ... psoriasis:- and
every kind and decree, of humors, as well
as .catarrh ; and rheumatism— prove
Hdqd'$ Sdrsqpqr/l/q
the' best blood purifier ever produced.'
¦/Its . cure's /of «'. dyspepsia.VbiHouVness, 1
, ne'rvousriess, [ loss of *i appetite ) and '• that
, tiredrfeeling; make [it the 'greatest ;stohi-!
ach .tonic, nerve-builder, i and •*; strenffth-
restorer the .world : ; has • ever known' • ' ;
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is a r thoroughly T good medicine. , Bearin
to take-it TO-DAY: Get-HQQD^S. *<¦
.A SEVERE CASE
Of .Catarrh of the Stomach
Cured by Pe-ru-na.
Mr. Otto Jordan, Argos. Ind.. wrlte»:
. VI. can state to you chat, all the symp-"
tom3 of catarrh have disappeared since I
commenced taking Peruna, and I shall
give it all the praise. I took four bottles
of the' medicine- , For a loner time beforo
I took the medicine I felt dull and stupid,
was subject to sick stomach and dizziness.
Since the first bottle I have not been
troubled with my stomach and have been
greatly benefited all around. I think any-
body troubled with catarrh would be bene-
fited by the use of your medicine."— Otto
Jordan. ¦¦
The Secret of Pure Blood.
No one can be troubled long with indi-
gestion and have pure blood, for. however
careful one may be in tha selection of
proper food. If it is not 'properly digested
it will not furnish the blood with pure ma-
terials.
For this condition Peruna is a never-
falling . remedy. It cleanses the blood by
correcting digestion, and gives tone to the
whole system by increasing the nutrltiva
value of the food. "Spring: fever," as it is
sometimes called; which produces a tired-
out, sleepy feeling. 'and inability to da
much mental or physical work, la tha re- .
suit of a sluggish digestion, and no blood
medicine will be of any use whatever un-
less it is able to rectify the impaired 'di-
gestion. " The great popularity that Peruna
has is due to the fact that in all such
cases it at once corrects digestive de-
rangements and enriches the blood by
purifying this very Important source of.
that vital fluid.
A Tonic and Catarrh Cure.
Mr. TV. M? Holland, of Hartwell. Ga..
proprietor of the Hartwell Tin Works. '
writes of Peruna as follows:
"I am more than pleased with the bene-
fits derived from Peruna. The winter of
1899 my. weight was 150 pounds. I used
several bottles during the winter and now
weigh 211.
"I have recommended it to all my
friends both as a tonic and catarrh cure.
If I had been lucky enougn to have seen
it several years ago Peruna would havs
saved me much inconvenience."— W. ii.
Holland.
• A Fine Blood -Purifier.
Mrs. Mary A. Smithing, Chaplain Gen->'
eral -¦ Henry W. ¦ ,,»««»»,,,, ,•'
Lawton Circle No. T ? 1
27, writes from Chi- t ,j^? i !?S!5'**v t
casro as follows: ¦ f flEJ£c93s& I
Gentlemen:— "A3 ? f
a fine blood purifier ? W j^^ffl <•
Peruna stands at ? k*> \£J w 1
the head of any ¦ < r? J*7 V/ "
medicines I have " -I *f\ : f/^ • '
ever known. I have < > -^5. 1 /«^s K }%tr f ¦.
used it myself with < • 4%&\j~' _ AJ&£' t
fine results, and *
know that It has f >
helped several nt • *jlPfjWjKgnMjE?*5r ,
our Grand Army * S^^p&i*;^* . ,
ladies more than 1
anything they ever ,, • jfu» |.
Used. ':-. 1 1 ¦ :.' • , . ¦
"Knowing it to be « Mri M . A. SmKhlng. ' .
a reliable family » ,
remedy, it has my *,,,«,, , , , > » t
hearty* endorse-
mant."— Mrs. Mary A. Smithing.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and he wiU
be pleased to give you his valuable advica
gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
BACKACHE AND INDIGESTION
Caused by Systemic Catarrh— Pe-ru-na
MISS A; BRAD?. UF CHICAGO, IL^.
Miss -A. Brady, .Corresponding Secretary HUnbls "Woman's Alliance, writes of
Peruna: - : •
,vv .2725 Indiana Ava., Chicago, I/I.
Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0. :. ¦" y\
Gentlemen— "Last year, from continued strain in literary work, I be-
came very much exhausted. My nerves seemed jb give way and % I had
backache, headache and serious indigestion. One of my friends suggested
that I try Peruna, but prejudice against any patent medicines kept me from
taking it, until I became so weak that I felt I must do something. It cer-
tainly acted like magic on my system. ;fV ;
,„ "Within ten days I felt new life and. health given me, and by taking an
occasional dose off and on when I feel extra, tired, I keep my system in
perfect order."— Miss A. Brady.
OUR CELEBRATED Nj#| fX|
mm SHOES
ARE WORLD BEATERS, mljf
Made in all the latest styles for men and women. XgJS^
m " r Equal to those sold elsewhere for $5.00. Every ',
This week we will close out 400 pairs youths'
/^S^k" and boys' calf lace_ shoes, solid double soles. /JS»§ivn
*faj*0S&L new coin toe and tip. The best wearing shoe (L
*>$%&&? made. All 'widths, sizes 11 to 2 $1.50, sizes 2 l / 2 <^^^^^
i IKS' Ladies' fine tan kid lace, cloth or kid top, . imp
%F light flexible sewed soles, new coin toe and tip.
' This week only $2.00. . V^SW r
mjSSk WE HAVE A FULL LINE OF
JB^s. UNION-MADE SHOES 'Wgm^-
FOR MEN AND WOMEN.
?M NOLAN BROS., W
*^^§a PHELAN BUILDING.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. jfilSIf
ADVERTISETVTENT3. V
Send Name and Address To-Day-— You
Can Have It Free j and JBe Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
V Vy .1* W. KNAPP, M. D.
How any man may quickly cure hlma«lf after been extraordinary. . It- "ha* completely braced
yean at suffering- from sexual weaknees, lost me up. I am just aa vigorous as when a boy
vitality, night losses, varioocale, etc. and en- lu l? T^ 0U cannot realize how happy I am.":
large small, weak organs to full .u» and vigor. 1 aJSu lerTlSctl?^ "TS^Jf^^k
Bimply send your name andaddres. to Dr. L. aHd vtgZ mSrntd ISJ f^
W. Knapp. 137J Hull building. /Detroit. Mich., largemfnt Is eatl^ " -
and he will gladly send the -free receipt with • -^r filr Tm,«^.f^1S "^ t v *
fuU directions so that any man may easily cure t«,fw« iJ Pl^Tw^ ,,Z ,"Vt ilf • "?* l. had "J*
blmseU at home. This is certainly- a most-gen- -hd^Si t?ShSii5%^ ft e il*? Elf rected /
erous offer and the followlne eitrart^ taV*n a ¦ ca ? tlTlthlully - eay it is a boon to weak
SSST hisSjuiT mail showThlt SS" 2^4iror™ £?&*£?£&. ln 8lZe< 8trenstb
accept^.alnoeW thank.^ nl 4 T?!»ei'iX
for yours of recent date..?! have' given your i s rre* f or the asking and kimtiiniim
treatment a thorough test and- the > benefit j»m to have It* • "* 1 . * - w * a r* waaM "very man
¦, r . ¦... - ¦
I^The Glove
I Regular Annual; Clearance Sale l^
I ; Commencing Monday, May 27th. £|
I All fine Imported Ladies' French Kid Gloves; |
Beautiful Goods, Fine Finish and Perfect Fhtinjj. . |
We trust this will meet ths notice of all our |
customers as we wish to see them take advan- )|
tajje bl this^^ unusual; offering. •• *• «">•?••• i
I The Glove Rbuss, I
800 and 802 Market St. T
>--;,-.-•- -. ; ¦ ; ¦¦ ¦ -»; .. ' . :.•:,' ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ — . '** .'i^'&^SJa: Jf **»¦£¦'*'¦-?¦' —^-"— .. . *-.y~"-». ¦» -,.'.» '.' "•¦.-¦- '.,.'
ADVERTISEMENTS^. COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 25.— The special
train on which Governor George K. Nash
and party traveled to San .Francisco to at
ten-1 the launching of the battleship Ohio
arrived here this morning over the Hock.
ing Valley Railway. The members of the
party were In good spirits. Governor Nash
looked old and broken and was so weak
that he had to be supported as he walked
to his carriage. The Governor said, he
would soon be all right, .but his intimate
friends express doubt . of a speedy re
covery. ¦
I Members of the party say the reports of
friction with the Presidential party at Los
Angeles were exaggerated. Governor Nash
said the people of Los Angeles were over
whelmed by the arrival of two Ohio par
ties. Julius Whiting of Canton, a close
personal friend of the President, said the
Southern Pacific held up the Ohio party
for fifteen hours to clear the road for the
Presidential party, but r lt was not directed
at any particular party.
"A four- years term is long enough for
the President,'' says the Commoner. So it
Is— when one is waiting for his shoes. .: r
Executive Has to Be Assisted to a
Carriage and His Friends Are j
. .., App'rehensive.
GOVERNOR NASH REACHES
THE CAPITAL r AT OHIO
RENO, Nev., Mav 25.— The intercolle
giate track contest between the universi
ties 'of Nevada and Utah took place this
afternoon and resulted in a score of 69
points for Nevada to 27 for Utah.
Nevada Defeats Utah.
, Have, Rights.
DENVER, Colo., May 23:— Under an or
der made .in the District Court Peter
Stauer, proprietor ) of the Chesapeake
restaurant, will serve J wine and other
spirituous drinks with meals on Sundays
if customers call for them, and J. J.
Cronjn, saloon-keeper at Eighteenth and
Champa streets, will serve liquors to
women on week days at the bar or in
wine rooms.
District Judge Palmer to-day granted
temporary injunctions . restraining the
Police Board from interfering with tha
business of either of the two men named.
It will be urged as an argument In Cro
nln's case that as women vote and enjoy
the same rights, privileges and Immuni
ties as men In this State the right to
drink when and where they please can
not be denied them. ;,>
District Judge in Denver Decides
• That the Voting Fair Ones
WOMEN MAT PURCHASE
¦ THEIR DRINXS T'T^""*- "M HW
; MayJ 25.— The Brooklyn
with?Admlr9l \ Remey aboard has * arrived
at Auckland. .-,-,-
Warship Brooklyn at Auckland.
NEW.:-' YORK,- May; 25.— Mary % Ellen
Lease filed a petition in bankruptcy In the
United ' States } District : Court ¦ to-day. .<" The
liabilities s are . $3247, a assets ; $2293. Much of
the Indebtedness was incurred as lndorser
on mortgages given by her husband, C. L.'
Lease.'. :,,:.-,- ¦•'.'-.¦••.' ¦¦'¦ - :"•. ¦ ¦:¦::¦ I '¦'¦- ¦ -..¦ ¦
Mary Ellen Lease a Bankrupt.
. HARRISBURG, Pa., May 25.— The Rev.
H. •' C. \ C. Astwood, the [ deposed ¦ pastor of
the Bridge-street 'African Methodist-Epis
copal Church of Brooklyn, N.Y.,~ issued a
call * to-day for a '. conference of ' regularly
ordained clergymen, to ; be held a( Brook
lyn on September 2, ; f or. the formation of
the colored Protestant Episcopal church'.
For Colored Episcopal Church.
.WICHITA, Karis.^ May . 25.— A special to
the ' Eagle says j. that : Bill ¦ Campbell, a ne
gro, was lynched at : Pond ' Creek, Okla
homa; at 10 o'clock to-night byj a mob of
400 persons, who broke down the jail, took
him to the scene of his crime and hanged
him to t: telegraph pole. The : crime for
which' Campbell was hanged ' was the
fatal shooting of Deputy Sheriff George
Smith through . the head while the latter
was trying to arrest him.
Lynched for Shooting an Officer.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— The Comptrol
ler of the Treasury has decided that United
States : Senators i Bate and , Tillnaan, hav
ing been summoned to | this city, as /wit
nesses on behalf of the United , States in
the case of the United States against Cul
len, are entitled to the . usual mileage and
witness fees provided by law, and that the
law as to clerks and officers of the United
States, which provides that In such cases
they shall not be allowed mlleag-o, does
not apply to United States Senators.
Senators ; Are Granted Mileage.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 25.— A special
to the Deseret News from Brigham City,
Utah, .'says .that^Deputy Sheriff Frank
Thompson was shot and probably fatally
wounded last night by two masked men
who • stopped him in front of his house.
Thompson was , commanded to throw, up
hla hands and as he did so was shot twice
in 'the body.' Thompson returned the fire
without effect and the men escaped in the
darkness. - Posses are hunting the country
for the ; would-be ; murderers, - but there
seems little likelihood of ; their capture.
Masked Men Shoot an Officer.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 25.— M. A". Hanna,
& Co. have secured options on almost the
entire Massillon coal district. • The output
of the properties included in the deal
amounts to over 1,000,000 tons per year.
As the land is largely upon the Wheeling
Railroad it is thought that the deal is
part of the one by which George J.. Gould
secured control of the Wheeling. This
feature of it is given credence on account
of a conference between Joseph Ramsay
Jr. and representatives of the Hanna Coal
Company, at Cleveland yesterday.^- Ram
say, it is said, • represented the Goulds in
the negotiations and authorized the clos
ing of some of the options.
Hanna Makes a Coal Deal.
Upon nomination • of ! Senator Perkins,
William. G. Palmanteer, >vice president
and manager of the Central National
Sank of Oakland, Cal., has been appointed
disbursing agent of funds appropriated for
the construction of the postofflce' building
at Oakland. . •.".¦"> :~ .' . ' •< .
At the request of Senator Perkins " the
Treasury Department has granted per
mission to have the cornerstone of the
Oakland postofnee building laid with Ma
sonic ceremonies.. ' ,- ' -.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— Thomas ; J.
Andrews has been commissioned Postmas
ter at Oysterville, Wash.
Be Laid With Masonic Ceremonies
Cornerstone of Oakland Postof flee to
The commission's report, making rec
ommendations for 'a general government
'for, the Philippines, i was anxiously looked
for by the 1 Secretary of - War: Its non
arrival yesterday: caused, no special- un
easiness, but when it was ascertained to
day that it could not be found telegrams
were sent to the Postofflce Department at
San Francisco and - also to . General Shaf
ter's headquarters to send a tracer after
it. One theory advanced at the War De
partment was that the document had been
lost in the handling of the mall at San
Francisco. . •¦ , ' ¦ •
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
was mailed on the transport Sheridan,
which arrived at San Francisco from Ma
nila a week ago, but the War Department
has been unable to find the slightest clew
to its whereabouts. .'.-.- ¦•¦*-¦« ¦¦-*¦¦:
Commissions the report of the commission
WASHINGTON, May . 25.— According to
a cablegram received by the Secretary of
War. from Judge Taft, of the Philippine
but It Cannot Se Found.
Judge Taft Sent It on the Sheridan,
REPORT ON" PHILIPPINES
/ MYSTERIOITSIjY LOST
Princely Title Belinquishd.
BERLIN, May 25.— Bernhard j of Saxe-
Weimar, who under the dynasty law has
been compelled with his wife to leave
Germany for the United States, has vol
untarily relinquished the • princely title
and the right of succession. In considera
tion of this act the Grand Duke of Saxe-
Weimar has awarded to him and his wife
the titles of Count and Countess of Gray
enberg. . .
Minister to Persia.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— Herbert W.
Bowen of New. York was to-day appoint
ed. Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary' to Persia. Bowen was
Minister resident and Consul General at
Teheran. .
The St. James Gazette, In an editorial
headed "The Anglo-Saxon Millennium,"
commenting on • a pessimist's- proposal
that "Yankee Doodle" be made the na
tional anthem, that the American ! lan
guage be made compulsory in the schools
and that the coronation of J. Plerpont
Morgan be arranged for June or July
next, says: •
"But there Is a bright side of the Ameri
canization of this insignificant country.
It ought to make war impossible. How
can the patriotic American' suffer from
Anglophobia when he loves England so
much that he. wants to be her owner?
How could he sink merchant ships in
which his own country Invested? War
would ruin his industrial enterprises,
stage, press and locomotive companies,
philanthropic schemes, aristocracy, race
riding — in fact, everything except our ag
riculture, which has ceased to exist."
"Many of the oldest and best families
in . Scotland," . continues the periodical,
"send their sons to. Scottish universities,
where they pay the fees, like the sons of
their humblest neighbors, neither , more
nor less. .Is it to be believed' that this
will continue If the fees are paid for them
by Mr. Carnegie? Imagine the Duke of
Hamilton, Cameron of Lochiel or Macdon
ald of the Isles allowing his heir, to get
education at the cost of an American iron
monger! We shall next hear of some Chi
cago pork packer proposing to buy up
Oxford and Cambridge and dictating
terms of admission and the subjects to be
taught; or of Boss Croker forming a lobby
to control the London University, with
the object of inculcating Tammany prin
ciples in the mind of the rising generation
or Cockneys."
LONDON, May 25.— "We trust in Scot
tish pride to rise In its wrath against thl3
Invasion of the almighty dollar," says the
Review of this, week, commenting upon
Andrew Carnegie's munificence to' ; Scot
land's universities.
British Press Also Indulges in
Facetious Remarks Anent
Morgan and Croker.
Protest Against Invasion
of the Almighty Dol
lar of America
MUNIFICENCE
OF CARNEGIE
AROUSES IRE
BRITISH AMBUSH
PARTY OF BOERS
Commandant Joubert Is
Wounded but Wins
. the Battle.
Other Engagements Fought,
in Which Both Sides Sus
tain Losses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Etanderton. Transvaal, dated May 22.
cays a detachment of the Queen's Mount
«^L try laJd - in «a*>UBh near Amers-
Xort. Comaandanwoubert. a magistrate
* P^ <* bursters rode into town
land refused th« British demand that ther
."urrender. and attempted to eecape. Tne
British thereupon fired* on them, wound
la«r Commandant Joubert and the mag
istrate. Reinforcements came to the aid
f'fl,, t^ e Boens ' "^ the British w«re com
jgsUed to retire with a loss of three pris
-^ dispatch from Kenhardt, Cape Col
i-SZl X s ** commando of Boers unaer
££/*•. .»tate Commandant Conroy were
:f5fSr tos l ? *«*<* Kenhardt when they
}«n«ountered a patrol of border ecouts
•intrenched at Farmstead. The Boers at
|Xempted to storm Farmstead, and the en
fSagexneat lasted five hours. The Boers
j£Sr f l* ea kmed *° d l eJt seventeen
grounded, including Field Cornet Jan
ilouw. on the field. The British had one
?grounded.
. General Rundle ha« captured Therons
'tnul, a strong position near Fourlesburg.
\ A epecial from Pretoria says: Boers
ioannnue active in the Carolina district,
and there Is continual skirmishing. A
.fight occurred at Dullstroom May 20,
jvnen & lajge force of Boers attacked the
[JJ'ilson. The British had one officer
Jailed and two men wounded.
Charged. With Stealing Gold.
BERLIN. May 25.— Theodore Magers,
jthe bedroom steward of the North Ger-
Lloyd steamer Kaiser WUhelm der
?Grosse, who in April last at Bremen found
¦ th« three gold bars behind a cornice in the
; corridor outside the second class saloon,
/which had been missed from the specie
'.'room on the arrival of the steamer at
-.Cherbourg, and who claimed and obtained
••the reward of 10.000 marks offered for the
j recovery of the gold, has be«n arrested at
Bretnerhaven at the instance of the North
German Lloyd Company, charged with be
,lng the man who abstracted the gold from
the specie room.
r •
Suffrage for Norwegian "Women.
CHRISTIANIA. May 25.— After consulta
tions both the Lagthlng and Odelsthing
have passed the bill providing for univer
sal communal suffrage for men and giving
'••the suffrage to women paying taxes on an
:ennual minimum Income of 300 kroner in
¦ rural districts and 400 kroner in towns, or
owning property Jointly with their hus
bands who pay taxes on such incomes.
ITo Change in Canada Delegation.
ROME, May 25.— The published report
that the Pope has the intention to abolish
the apostolic delegation in Canada and
annex it to the United States delegation
is totally unfounded.
"Will Break Tip Valkyrie HI.
GLASGOW. May 25.— The Valkyrie IH,
Lord Dunraven's defeated yacht In the
America's cup contest of 1895, which is
lying in Gotrverock Bay, is to b« broken
up Monday.
AUSTRIA WARNS
THE GERMANS
OF A DANGER
'Acquiescence in Every
Agrarian Demand Is
HnnncoH
uppUocU.
Subjects of the Kaiser Are
Anxious^ to End the
China Affair.
BERLIN, May 25.— The declarations of
Count Goluchowskl, the Imperial Minister
of Foreign Affairs, before the Austro-
Hung-arian delegates have created intense
interest here. They were received in the
main with satisfaction, as expressing con
tinued and cordial faith In the triple alli
ance; but his reference to commercial re
lations, intimating that they must not be
seriously disturbed if political friendship
Is to continue, is here interpreted as a
plainer hint than 1b usually given from
Vienna that Germany must not yield far
to tha agrarians.
Other points mentioned by the Czech
and Polish leaders here are considered un
important, especially as Hungary in uni
son favors continued cordial friendship
with Germany. The press points out that
the Russo-Austrian understanding regard
ing the Balkans is still valid, henoe seri
cub disturbances there are Improbable.
The case of Queen Drags, of Servia Is
almost universally regarded in Germany
from Its commercial side. Official circles
deny that tbe affair Is fraught with seri
ous political Import. The newspapers
throughout the week have printed many
anecdotes and some amusing correspond
ence from Servia. Several German com
mercial authorities consider that Queen
Draga's health may improve In view of
the fact that she has been sent to Franz
en&bad. • .
The feeling throughout Germany of
tiredness of the China war still continues,
and now includes even the .Emperor, who,
during Count von Billow's visit to the
Reichland, was thoroughly informed re
garding tha present status of affairs in
China and thereupon agreed with the
Chancellor that it was best to effect the
withdrawal of the German forces as
quickly as possible and reach some under
standing: in regard to paying the Indem
nity. This conclusion, it Is said, was hast
ened because, In contradiction of the semi
official statements on the subjeot, Rus
sia's attitude in China recently has be?
come outspokenly hostile to Germany ana
the danger seemed Imminent of a serious
clashing there.
Among the Germans returning from
China will be Emperor William's special
ly deputed battl* scene painter, Theodore
Rocholl, wlio Is laden with numberless
sketches made on the spot, from which
his Majesty will order score* of paintings
to be executed. Herr Rochoil has partly
finished two fine .paintings showing the
body of Colonel York von Wartemburg' be
ing delivered at the Shatow, and also the
funeral of Von Wartenburg in Peking.
Emperor William has created a new dec
oration for the members of the Red Cross
Society who served in South Africa. It Is
a medal with, a gold pin. On the medal is
the Inscription, "South Africa, 1899-1RX)."
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
j Tha canners have , Insisted upon the
province taking hold of . the administra
tion of affairs because Dominion has
heretofore put all revenues Into the gen
eral treasury and the fisheries of the
Fraser River have not been improved to
the 'extent of. even a 'fifth of the revenue
directly derived ' from the big canning
business. Already '2500 licenses have been
issued by the Dominion : to fishermen at
$10' each. The new regulations' of the
province reduce the cost ; of a -license to
$2 50, and 'provide that the remainder of
the previous revenue - be made up by a
special levy on the canners' -' pack. A
board of commissioners composed of rep^
iesentatives of the canners and the fisher
men Is to regulate fisheries and admin
ister affairs for the province. ,- '
On the other hand, the labor' leaders of
the fishermen are strongly taking the side
of the Dominion. They belllye that the
Federal- authorities are .determined not to
give up control of the fisheries, especially
as there are two large fishery cruisers
now here fitting out for the protection of
Dominion interests. According to a long
established precedent JDominlon authority
extends over tidal waters and provincial
authority over rivers and lakes. The. po
sition now is that the fishermen must buy
both provincial ' and Dominion licenses
when . fishing around the mouth of the
If raser River and In the Gulf of Georgia,
or else be liable to have their boats and
outfits seized by one or the other of. the
fishery cruisers. /.": •. -. :; ,.. : \
Leading fishermen are "of the opinion
that there will be another strike this year.
The men want 15 cents per fish guarantee
for the season, while the canners are talk
ing 10 cents, and they are now no nearer a
solution than they were a month ago.
¦VANCOUVER. B. C, May 25.— The offi
cial announcment . that . a serious clash In
authority has occurred between. the prov
ince and ', the Federal administration will
be contained in an extra of the Provincial
Gazette on Monday morning. For some
time c there have been' strained relations
between the two governments over the
valuable salmon fisheries of the Fraser
River. Now the provincial executive has
taken the defiant action of seizing the In
dustry and its control and attempting its
administration. With, this trouble and
considerable difficulty between the-'oan
nerymen - and fishermen the outlook for
the season is not promising. ¦ ¦ . »
- . •¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ .¦ : ¦ \ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Cruisers Are Sent to
Protect the Federal
, Interests. /
PROVINCE WARS
WITH DOMINION
British Columbia Seizes
. Control of . Fishing
Industry/;
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE . SAN FR AKU1SCO ; CALL, SUNDAY, M A Y^ 26, 190i:
May 2&— The King's escape
at the time of the accident on board the
Shamrock II last Wednesday has, if any
thing, added to his popularity. "With what
tact his ' Majesty preserves the happy re
lations between himself and his subjects
can be judged from an Incident thaf oc
curred this week. Colonel, the Honorable
Charles Elliot, whose friendship with the
King dated from the time of the royal
visit to America, when Colonel Elliot act
ed as the - mentor of the then Prince of
Wales, lay dying at the Sports Club.
Colonel Elliot had not had any intimate
relations with the King for -many years;
but his Majesty, hearing of the soldier's
condition., immediately drove to the club,
got out and inquired sympathetically for
his former friend, and these visits were
continued dally' until Colonel Elliot died.
Prinoees Christian also called at the club,
for Elliot was formerly a member of .her
household. She walked straight to * his
room, said a few words and kissed the
dying 1 roan's hand.
Cervera Fears for Spain.
MADRID, May 25:— Speaking before the
naval congress yesterday on the subject
whether or not Spain should be a naval
power, Admiral Cervera expressed fears
of the disintegration of Spain Into a num
ber of smaller states.
"I do not wish," he said, "that the in
terests of the navy should predominate at
the expense of the other Interests of the
country, but, observing, as I do, what is
going on at the present day, I am afraid
Spain may become like the Italy of the
middle ages." , .
Britain's Baler Displays Tact and
More Completely Endears Him
self to Sis People.
SHAMHOCK WRECK MAKES
THE KOTO MORE FOPULAB
ST. PETERSBURG, May 24 (Friday).—
President Altschenaky of the Kharkofl
Chamber of Commerce oommitted suicide
Tuesday by allowing a railroad train to
run over him near , St. Petersburg. He
was a financier at great Influence). His
death .was due to financial difficulties and
will embarrass many Institutions.
He owed the Volga-Karma. Bank 4,000,000
or 6,000,000 roubles and was president of
the Agricultural Bank. • The deceased'
owed about 10,000,000 roubles, his creditors
including the A. H. Meyer LHscount Bank,
the Moscow Credit Company and the
Kharkofl: Commercial Company. He con
trolled the Donelse-Yudeyeff Iron "Works,
which concern is undercapitalized. The
Imperial Bank will protect those who have
suffered from the death of M. Altschen
sky.
Many Large Institutions Em
barrassed by the Deed of
Altschensky.
A Distinguished Russian
1 Allows a Train to
Crush Him,
DESPONDENCY
MAKES SUICIDE
OF FINANCIER
15
; r ¦¦> DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. 'r'+r. - ' - L J f 1
TEST FOR YOURSELF
The Wonderful Curative Properties of Swimp-Root. tie
rGreat Kidney and; Bladder Remedy.
To Prove .what Swamp-Root will do for YOUf Every
Reader o? "The Call" May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Free by
Mail. ' 1 "^^
It used to be Qpnsidered that only uri- S~ "1 ; wm
nary and -j bladder troubles " / were to be I ll j] Rn
traced to the kidneys, "but 'now modern I II [I pi
science proves [that nearly .-. all : diseases - n Ijl I Ri
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak _^^^SSP& I '\^^"^|J|^
or out' of order, you can understand how
quickly your entire body is affected, and
now every organ seems to fail to do its MjrSSSP^n^fmm^^r^^^^^^^.
ta kln e,the famous" new discovery. C Dr n i^l^ iw^Mia««l^llllSi3iBH ; '
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon ffllfflifflnlili^lgHllfflW^
as your kidneys are well they will help HlOnlu i ¦ l ™nT
all the other organs to health. A trial ||ffli| nn kittit-ti^ Ml B
,will convince any one. I \l\&\\ ' ItII '« XBX »'S |M :
Among the many famous cures' of Swamp- I [ffifj QW A MP-l^nHT URNS
Ks.aro7^ h r IS |||
«R?u°^t 111 Kldncy.UvcrandBladdo R|
remedy. Mr Robert Berner, 14 West 117th St.. KB CURB. I iul
«tY T° rl J Clty t.T rltes: "I had been ¦ufferin» W Ell
severely from kidney trouble. All symptoms til 'J DWSCT10K3. ¦ B9sl
pis S?i^^°ss/a'S y . i ai jsssr FjlL "sjarjr'^ss 11
Kven my mental capacity was giving out. ajid , Hfl temspoonfal. b«&i» or after ramiM 'J jfM
often I wished to die. It was then I saw an- I !«/' snd »t b«dttm*. 1 1 Jill S
advertisement of yours in a New York paper, IMmiif Children leas aocordbir to •«•. If ft! MS
but would rot have raid any attention to it I Sffl May commence with fm*a <Joms JiH H
SSli^I^HriiS I xssxzzsz II
not contain any harmful drugs. I am seventy II Ifli H ThiM tP elit remedy enres all fjlill
years and four months old, and with a good II llH'il kidney, llrer, bladder and Crto if fill a
conscience I can recommend Swamp-Root to all ijn'flSJ Acid troubles aad dlionlers <ta» II R
sufferers from kidney troubles. Four members ll SB to weak kidners, such as eatarrii II ¦
of my family have been using Swamp-Root for ( H of tbe bladdar BTs,TeL rbemn*. II IHB
cood resuUs" y dlseMes - wlth toe aam * l| g « •^!\^^' t^^gSTS (j S||
Truly yours, ROBERT BERNER. I H * W ° W * ** 'I £ff9
Weak and unhealthy kidneys. ar« r«- I H it n i,.^ t»^.v* UbII
sponsible for many kinds of dlse4se«, and I SI pleasant to tat* JM&Eil
if permitted to continue much suffering \) M PREPARED ONLY BT iSr-S
with fatal results are sure to follow. Kid- III M , __ .... ,,_^ . liufl
ney trouble irritates the nerve3, makes l! H DR « KILMER & CO. fflffifl
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irrita- 11 fl BlNfiHavrrnw m v I«I8
ble. Makes you pass water often during I S| oinun>*iiiiui», n. T. lean
lime d s a Lri n n d g O th? e nig y h O t U I » S ° M ** * U |B||-
back, joints and muscles; makes your fij fJ't-?r_' Tr <i f^' H!!T '^t"''fin^IJll!]j;j
head aohe and back ache, causes indiges- ft; W ' lis^gfe^SSPs! n '
tion, stomach and liver trouble, you get ll miillliri7TS^ g B il ' ff lL^ZZnlMWMs^^ '
a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you if WM^^~ ¦"¦^F^liffl 1 .
feel as though j-ou had heart trouble; you 11^^^^^ -"^ .
may have plertfy^ of ambition, but no >- ,*— -4 i . •¦u jw^jLj-i-^y^^m
strength; get weak and waste away. (Swamp-Root la pleasant to take.)
•?l,- «J^ ¦ r.o^yt mp i - Root y° u » ff0 '* natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is
the most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys that Is known to medical
sci6nc&> ¦ - - . ¦ . -, » ( ¦ .
™J!t & lZ wo ? ien > suffer untold misery because' the nature of their disease Is not j
correctly understood; in most cases they are led to believe that womb trouble or '
female weakness of some sort Is responsible for their many ills, when In fact dls-
ordered! kidneys are the chief cause of th e ir distressing troubles.
If there is any doubt In your mind as to your condition, take from your urine
on rising about four ounces, place it In a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it Is milky or cloudy Jf there Is a brick-dust settling. ;
or. if small particles float about in it your kidneys are in need of lmmedlaU at- •
tention. i . : •
If you are already convinced that Swamp Root Is what yon ne«»d, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dojlar size bottles at the drug stores every-
where. , " -
EDITORIAL NOTE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Lirer and Bladder'
remedy, is so remarkab'y successful that a special arrangement has been made by:
which all readers of The Call who ha ye not already tried it, may hare a sample bottle
sent absolutely, free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles '
and containing many of the -thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters race! red
from men and women cured by Swamp-Root, in writing be sure and mention reading
ihis generous offer in The San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to Dr. \
Kilmer & Co., Binghamion, N.Y. ~~ ' ' > '
JEw yfw ' • - sU JL JL JL JL «^r ¦ • '
wi A little money goes a long ways here— buys the best of M .
M dependable drugs at about half what others charge — prices prove W
:l!l It. These special prices good until .Saturday night, Juna 1st. VR
H Munyon's Soap , \Wc Owl Bird Seed— 3 lbs 15c »U
iff i - You pay as high as 15 cents im other Cornea in |-lb ticks which we aeU v 1
sMj " ' •'-. stores* ¦ • ' rc^nlari^r for 15 cents. * II
EL' N N Shampoo , two for 5c Bicycle Playing Cards 15c Ll
Fi •'¦ Special price for this' week only. - . A good playiaj c»rd for I »tMU price. / II t
Vi'i * • Rejnlar price J' cents each." I W»»ln» ¦ --' ¦ (S*?C M
|jy Pear's Soap ' ;" . A i Uf9 bottl«| regnl*r prico ft.' 'f
m Regular price »5 e«ts, '^ . . > Martin's Rye Whiskey ' 75c fij
;K| Lesley's Talcum Powder 5c ; Mtruv« Baltimore RreUoa«oftn« /J
Rt Borated Talcum Powder for children, " best of whiskies m»d« In America. 'W
V&\\ chapped skin, use after shavinj. , Regular price $i. rtf:,
Vk(\\ ' Regular price t$ cents. We usually > . '.' A||«i»»«' Malt ',WI»?«k»V / 6Sfi MMl
•\\v\\ . sell k for 10 cents. -'. Alien S PiaW'TilMOKCy / v%3C fjinj,
- l\ft\ , ,- . »¦ ¦ i : r ' : <A Rcruhr price ii — onr wual price 'it'll
to Lesjzys Dental Cream 10c sj cent*. Mil
' rtVB .Come* in collapsible tubes — regular. < • * Fn«rtrr% \a14c_ ¦ ' Hi Kc Hit
VyvftV ¦ . price IJ rents—^our usual price IJ . . --' tpsOiri J4IU a l» . __^ *' v Jiff
\fl\JL cents.' ' v ' ¦¦ Regular prico 10 csnta. ±H*fm
v Open all the tlme~Night and Day B/af
ll WHAT SHALL WE EAT e^i^2t%W^* btoto #2' tor / Mhm^ l iV J i, Tw 9 0fthef ? dj&itase, which actually perform the work of 'dlrettion ana H
rat vb ¦¦!¦» ¦ wunM IIMI "•*¦ excellent Tableti taken after dinner will digest several give the abused stomach a ehanee to rest and to furnish the I
Esi ... thousand grains of me»t,egirs or other animal food in three body and brain with • the neeeuarr nutriment. Cheap I
Kjj To K*ep Bealthr *nd Strain? 2L.J£. STO . whUo the nalt diastase also contained In cathartic medicines masquerading under the > name of KS
1 ESSP-SS SSBF^™»vaa» I
mm grains, fnnU and meats is undoubtedly tbe best, in spite of rerular practice is made of Mine Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab- T>™~«.i-^i_ -m* •«_ i- • r '. u ; -'« n_ ;-ii Hi
feS the claims made by vegetarians and food cranks generally. lefi because they supply the pepsin and diastase so nece£ .t^JRjSPS?^?. 111 **? '? to slmptr a failure of tbe A ¦§
Kffl As compared with grains and vegetables, meat fur- sary to perfect digestion, andany form of lndijrestloiiand SfSSi SJ? JJ ! ?. e 2J f ?°J. ""i tt ? sensibft way to solje the n
R^ nlsbes the most nutriment In a highlT concentrated form stomacfi trouble exceptcanoer of the stomach i will be orer- ?!™ < L 1^* a ? d *2i r8 tha 1 *®***©? Is to make dafly use at meal M
VB& and is digested and assimilated more Qukklr thaa rege- come by their dally use. * lm « <•*» safe prepiratlon whloh !¦ endoned by the medical I
f%A tables or grains. That large elass of people who eome under the head of V°a rtf vl 1 } %ni igKwn to contain aotlTe digestive prtnolples, ¦¦
Dr. JuJlus Bemusson on this subject says: Kervous nervous dyspeptics should eat plenty of m^t and nosure its and a11 tnls cta t" 1^ *« «*'d of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. H
Bh persons, people run down in health and of low vitality complete digestion by the systemt Ic use of a safe, harmless V All druTotats thrnmrhrmt th« rrnif«<i nt*t»m /i-~~j- --j BB -
K| Kouldeafplentyofmeat. If the digestion is too feeble at dlgefttve mjdlcine flke i Start's Dyspepsia Tablets wm- Great BriSSn sell them fTtKuOTm p?ic~o?«Sce?te H
first it may be easily strengthened ty the regular use of posed of toe natural dlgestlre i>r(nclpfes, peptones and for full treatment. * " unuorm price qi msy cents ¦
gj JE^* A^* jS^U^VI^^D COMPANY, J^tA.I^^H:A.l^I^y MICH, H. NEW r YORK, . May!. 25 —The America's
cup races will, begin on September 21, Sic
Thomas " Lipton *r having r by - cablegram
Date Set for Races.
V SUISTJN, May 25.— Armijo Union High
School athletes to-day defeated Woodlanu
High School in a series of ten events by
a score of 26 to 14.^ - \ '
Suisun vb. Woodland.
•IAFAYETTE, Ind., May. 25.— At the In
diana intercollegiate field and track meet
to-day Ray C. Ewry of Lafayette, cham
pion Jumper of the world, who la now a
member of the New York Athletic Club."
broke the world's , record for backward
jumping, scoring nine feet six inches,
which is six inches better than" the best
mark up to date. In the double kick Jump
he - also broke a world's , record, scoring
seven feet seven and three-quarter inches.
Breaks Backward Jump 1 Record.'
- PHILADELPHIA. May 25.— Phlladelphla-
St. Louis game postponed on account of rain.
' Batteries— Nichols and Moran; Leever and
O'Connor. Umpire-O'Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May, 25.— PitUburg .batted Nichols
at> will to-day and won , easily. Attendance.
1000. , Score.- ¦ ¦..-. ¦ ! - .,
Clubs— t*i R. H. E.
Boston ...:........ 1 . 8 2
Plttsburg 11 js 3
Batteries— Katoll and " Sullivan; Platt and
Powers. • • : ¦ , . ¦
DETROIT, May 25.— The ¦ seven errors made
by Detroit to-day tell why the locals lost the
opening game of the first series with Washing
ton., Attendance 4244.- Score:
/ Clubs— ' . ! ¦ • ' R. , H.' '\'K.
Detroit. ;.... 5 - 10 7
Washington 8 8 , 1
Batteries— Frisk and Buelow; Lee and Grady.
' CHICAGO. May 25.— The locals "won to-day
by a timely single by Shugart, which sent In
the winning run in the ninth Inning. Attend
ance 2200. Score: .
Clubs— - ... >-,R._ H. E.
Chicago ..;' 8 * -" 14'- ¦ 4
Philadelphia ......; 5 8. , 1
Batteries— Reldy and "Connor;.'. Howell and
Robinson.
Boston .5 % 12 1
Batteries-rMoore and 'Wood; Lewis and
Schreck. <->.vr'*
MILWAUKEE. " May 25.— Reidy pitched a
steady game and, with brilliant support, .won
easily. Attendance 2000. Score: ' .
• Clubs— ' R. •„' H.'. -K/
Milwaukee 6 < 1
Baltimore 3-9 S
AMERICAN, LEAGUE. . -
CLEVELAND, May 25. — Cleveland could not
hit Lewis to-day and received their first shut
out of the season. Boston bunched the hits in
the first three innings, winning the game. At
tendance 2100. • Score:
Cleveland :. 0 S. VI
• National. "W. L. Pet. American. W. L. Pet.
New York... 14 7 .667 Chicago .13 8 .682
Cincinnati ..15 10 .600 Detroit 18 10 .643
Philadelphia 15 12 .fctf Baltimore ...11 7 .611
Plttsburg ...14 12 .538 Washington 13 9 .591
Brooklyn 12 13 .480 Boston 11 11 .600
Boston 10 13 .435 1 Milwaukee .. 9 15 .375
St. Louis.. ..11 16 .407 'Philadelphia 7 16 .304
Chicago U .19 -367 ! Cleveland ... 8 19 .296
and National Leagues.
STANDING OP THE TEAMS.
Results of the Contests in American
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY-Petltiona la
Insolvency were filed in the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday as follows: F. X." De
lory, painter, San Francisco, liabilities 11717 3«.
assets $175; Herbert W. Stone, solicitor, San
Francisco, liabilities $1641; no assets.
. BOSTON, -May- 23.— The yacht Inde
pendence will participate In the trial races
against: the"; Constitution under the flag of,
the New York Yacht Club, the last obsta
cle against participation being removed
this afternoon. Thomas W. Lawson
pledges his best efforts to make the con
test for the selection of the cup defender
a good one. He will charter an interest
in his yacht to a' club member. Mr. Law
son's statement, issued [to-night, follows:
Commodore Lewis Cass Ledyard, chairman
committee, N. T. T. C— Dear Sir: Tour let
ter of yesterday, with the assurance that my
boat can take part in. the -trial races, and, if
selected, may defend the -cup, was received
this morning.
I will at once charter an Interest In her to
such person or such persons as may be agree-,
able to your committee and will rive such
person or persons full control and manage
ment of her during the match.
I thank your committee for having suggest
ed a way to fairly determine In a sportsman
like manner which boat will be selected to
defend the cup and I will do all in my power
to make the contest a success. .
Accepts the Terms of
; the New York
7::\a Yacht 1 Club. .
LAWSON'S BOAT
TO BE ENTERED
RYE, N. T.. May 25.— Flndlay S. Doug
lass of the Nassau Club, Long Island, won
the Metropolitan golf championship this
afternoon on the links of the Apawamis
Club, defeating Charles H. Seeley of the
"Weeburn Golf Club, Stamford. Conn., by
11 up and 10 to play. Rain fell continually.
Seeley's showing was disappointing 1 , as
Douglass clearly outplayed him. Doug
lass was lucky, however, as he- had a ten
dency to hook his drives, but; f ortunately
for himself, he was not punished by bad
lies, as his ball always landed in a playa
ble spot. On the other hand, Seeley drove
heavy straight, but his -work on the put
ting green was not up to the form he ex
hibited yesterday.
In the morning round of eighteen holes
Douglass finished 6 up, and in the after
noon it reouired the playing of only 8
more holes to decide the match. The first
three of these were won by Douglass, the
fourth going to Seeley in two less than
the bogey. Douglass won the fifth in five
to six and the sixth was halved in sixes.
Douglass won the next two In five to six
and four to elx, respectively, and this fin
ished the match. Following are the carda
of the day's play: ,
Douglas*—
Out 4 9 4 ? 4 4 « 4 B— 41
In 5 5 4 6 6 5 4 6 4 -It - 35
Out 5 5 4 4 5 6 5 4— 33— 123 >
Seeley— •
Out 5 6 4 5 4 5 6 4 6— (5
In .' 4 S S 5 7 4 4 « 6—47—93
Out. 6 e S 3 S 6 6 6—4+— 12*
Is Flayed in a Drenching- Sain.
Metropolitan Championship Contest
DOTJGHASS' "WINS AT GOLF.
agreed to that date and promised to have
a formal request fixing that as the new
time sent by the Royal Ulster Yacht Club.
" The Railroad Commissioners §j received
yesterday from-the-'state' 1 Printing- Office
their biennial report: -The' book-is -full of
Interesting statisflcs In- : rallroad matters, 1
showing the increase of . business on all
the railroads in this. State and. many oth
er ¦. points ; of valuable information.
Railroad Commissioners Report.
FRINCIPAL GOES AWAY
WITHOUT GETTING LEAVE
School Board, However, Grants
Joseph O'Connor Permission to
. Tour the World. .
The Board of Education met yesterday
and granted . Joseph principal
of the. Mission High School, a leave of
absence until July 22. O'Connor left a few
days ago tomake a tour of the globe ami
the board was disinclined to grant' him
leave because he did not wait for the re^
quired permission. Casserly was opposed
to it,. but his colleagues were In a more
generous frame of mind. e
•The board visited the " Mission High
School in the morning in company with
Architect Havens and Superintendent of
Repairs Wellin. The roof was found to
be In a less dangerous condition than at
first supposed. It requires bracing in sev
eral places and this will be done imme
diately, so that there will be no more dan
ger to the pupils. :¦¦: •. .
There were many visitors present dur
ing the day to inspect the exhibition of
sewing; in the board's rooms, and the
handiwork of the pupils excited much ad
miration. -In the afternoon Mrs. Kincaid
entertained the teachers of the first grade
that being the last of .her series of func
tions-given to^the pedagogues inthe de
partment.; "Tea was -served by Mrs.Frank
.Kincaid and Miss Eunice Jeffers, and 10a
.teachers were in attendance.* - :
McLaurin has t>een invited to Gaffney,
and friends of Tillman -askea him to come,
too. McLaurin accused Tillman of at
tacking him. The latter declared that he
would resign and meet McLaughlin on the
stump. McLaurin agreed to the proposi
tion. Senator Tillman later submitted a
Tillman was last summer re-elected to
the United States fcenate for six years
and McLaurin has yet two .years to serve.
Should Tillman be Eustalned McLaurin's
seat will be vacant. If McLaurin is suc
cessful he will succeed to Tillman's lone
term. "''".'.' '
They have resigned with the- under
standing that they are to go before tho
people of the \ State in a joint canvass,
and that the sentiment of the people is
to be voiced In a Democratic, primary to
be held in November. r : ,.
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 23— As the out
come of a spirited debate between United
States Senators B..F. Tillman. and John
L. McLaurin at Gaffney to-day both of
them have put their resignations in the
hands of Governor McSweeney, to tafce
effect November 15. •;— .
written proposition, which was accepta
ble to Senator McLaurin, except that the
latter wanted the election to be held in
October or, November instead of this sum
mer. McLaurin stated that this was sug
peeted on account of his poor health.
There were several proposals submitted
between the two. Senator McLaurin
wanted, the race to be confined to Senator
Tilhnan and himself. The latter declared
that he could not dictate to the State
Democratic Committee when the primary
should be held or how many candidates
there should be. .
The dual resignation as finally forward
ed to- Governor McSweeney was accom
panied by no conditions. It reads:
We hereby tender our resignation!? as Sena
tors for the State of South Carolina in the
United States Senate, to take effect November
IS, next. Yours respectfully, etc.
Under the election, methods in this
State,, the State Democratic. Executive
Committee will arrange a campaign and
the candidates will epeak In each of tha
forty counties in- the State. At the prim
ary election the candidates will be voted
for dlfectly. The General Assembly mere
ly confirms the action of the primary.
The campaign will be pitched a year ear
lier, than expected, but there are half a
ATLANTA, Ga., May. 25.— A special, to'
the Constitution from Gaffney, S. C, says-
Senator McLaurln when asked about thd
resignation said: /¦ • -
"Tlllman made a. bluff and I called him
All I desire is e. free, fair and open fight
on the issues upon which we differ. I ear
nestly hope that all others will keep out
ot . ou . r race and run for the other Sen
atorshlp; so that Tillman and I may meet
as man. to man and fight It out."
Calls Tillman's BlufP.
dozen candidates in the field. Each must
specify for which, term he Is a caridldktl.
SENATORS TILLMAN AND McLAURIN RESIGN
IN ORDER TO 5EEK VINDICATION AT THE POLLS
KEENE'S CONROY
AN EASY WINNER
Three-Year-Old Ganters
; Home in'^Brookiyn $
¦1 1 'Handicap. 4 *
Banastar, the , Favorite, Loses
>iHiinself on the Mushy
'¦"¦'-•/ ¦¦:'''-. - Track:
. NEW j YORK, May. • : 25.— James . R.
Keene's'Cohroy, the first three-year-old
to'/wih a Brooklyn— handicap, cantered
home a; winner at the Gravesend racetrack'
to-day- with odds* of. 4 'to 1 against him.'
Herbert finished second, with Standing in
third- position. .. The favorite; Banastar.'
was away back in the ruck, unable to get
up his speed in the heavy, going.
, A more disagreeable day for the Brook
lyn handicap could not have been imag
ined. '¦¦ From early morning the rain had
been coming: down with ¦ now " and'- then
clearing signs which gave promise of fair
weather bv the time the great race was
run. /The first three races were run under
lowering clouds. The five runners in. the
Expectation stakes had hardly finished,
however, when 'the rain came down' in
"earnest and the big event was pulled off
in a driving: rain. •
In spite of the threatening weather there
was a big crowd at the track, fully 115,000
¦people watching the struggle in the rain.
At 4:15, o'clock, when the bugle called the
handicap horses to the post, the track was
like a quagmire. Banastar was a consist
ent favorite all the time, with - Conroy
second choice and Sydney Lucas, Herbert
and- Raff aello well backed. The candidates
were applauded as they cantered up to the
turn, Banastar in the lead.
Five times did the.- starter try to get
them away and as many, times did they,
decline to go in good order. On the sixth
attempt, however, the horses got off in
sood style. Banastar was first to 6how,
with. Herbert and Raffaello next in line
and Conrov close up. Around the turn
they rushed. They had gone but a few
strides when O'Connor sent the three
year-old Conroy to the front and he came
with puch a rush that he was two open
lengtns to the good as he passed the
judges' stand for the first time. Banastar
vat, in second 'place, Herbert and Stand
.lne- lapping him: -Without slackening
speed in the least and with the mud fly
ing, they scampered around the lower
¦ turn, Conroy holding his advantage. Ban
astar had been passed by Herbert and
Standing and was half a length behind
¦tnem. • • ... • ¦ .-
Coming into the backstretch Smith sent
Herbert after Conroy, and foot by foot
he began to cut ' down the lead of the
three^year-old. Standing and Banastar
began. to close-up, too, and as the upper
turn was reached it looked as If the
youngster already had his measure taken.
O'Connor, however, was on the alert and
still had a. good hold on Keene's horse.'
The leaders rushed into the turn. Just
for one instant did Banastar show a flash
of the speed which he exhibited in the
Brooklyn handicap of two years ago — only
the conditions were so different — but it
did not last and he began to drop back.-
Herbert by this time was on even terms
with Conroy, and Standing was but a
length away and they were turning into
the stretch for the final rush. '- O'Connor
on Conroy then crouched low on his
mount and went to work.. Conroy gamely
responded to the jockey's appeal, and in
a- few- jumps left Herbert, as if he were
standing- still. In the twinkle of an eye
he was a couple of lengths in front and in
a • few- bounds more, as far as. the rest
were concerned, the, contest, was. over, for,
struggle as,they might, they! never could
catch Conroy, and .the latter, pulling up'
strongly,'. can teredi past -the judges' stand
jLhe easiest kind of a winner by a length
and a half from' Herbert, who was'twice
that distance in front of Standing, and the
others badly, beaten. The cheering at the
; conclusion \: of .'.the j race =i was » tremedous.
Summary: K r - N j, • *%*> '-'¦ '- , *¦'• ¦"'
- About six .; furlongs-H-putlander won, Colonel
Padden second, Dublin third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
• ¦ Ono mile and ,70- >yards,- • selling— Blue - Away
won. Himself second. Animosity ¦ third. Time,
1:47-4-5. • :- . -;¦»-.-.-. j)--- '' ¦ -
The Expectation J stakes, five furlongs— The
Goldflnder won, Golden Cottage second, Meri
dian, third. Time, 1:02 8-5. .) - - - .
The Brooklyn handicap, one and a quarter
miles — Conroy, 102 (O'Connor), 4 to 1 and '8 to
5 won; Herbert, 99 (Smith), 7 to 1 and 5 to 2
second; Standing. 113 (Piggott), 12 to 1 and 5
to 1 third. Time. 2:09. Alslke, Sidney Lucas,
KaffaeHo,- Banastar. King Bramble and Wa
tereure also ran, and. finished as named. '
Steeplechase, about two miles — Foolhardy
won, "Walter Cleary second, - Dr. Elchberg
third. Time, _ 4:14 2-5.' h '. .
Five furlongs, selling— Red Damsel won, G.
Whittier second, Tchula third. Time, 1:03 2-5.
Races on Other Tracks.
CHICAGO, May 25.— This was the closing day
at Worth. Summary: ... . >.}
Six furlongs— John Drake won, Lakeview
Belle second, Ranco third. Time, 1:15 3-5. t
Six furlonirs, . selllne — Denman Thompson
won, Minyon second, Braw Lad third.' Time,
1:16 1-5. :•'••, '. ' * ¦ -
Four furlongs— Ed Austin won, Hat Mitchell
second, Brannigan third. Time,' :50 1-5. "
Five furlongs — Robert Waddell won. Money
Muss second, Boney Boy third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
Mile and . an -eighth, selling— Ben Chance
won, Walkenshaw second, Trebor third. Time,
1:56. ¦ . • -
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Thurles won,
Tobe Paine second. El Caney third. 'Time, 1:36.
Mile and seventy yards — Defender II won,
Furber second, Phidias third. Time, 1:48.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: ; ' '.,.•¦ ,-'.. ' :'';\ _.-'."._.• i '¦;¦
Mile, selllngr— The Caxton won. Mystery "sec
ond. Chickamauga third. Time. 1:44. .,
Five and a half furlongs— A." D. Gibson won.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili^ SUNDAY^ MAT^ 26^1901^
BOSTON, ' May 25.— The steamer Ohio
from Hull, 'which arrived to-day, report
ed a collision at sea, with the Norwegian
bark Elise," from Moss, April l, -i f or New
York, in ballast. One sailor was ' picked
up, but his stories are so conflicting that
It is hard to tell if the. bark went down
or not: i The supposition is that she did.
The collision occurred in a fog.
Bark • Sunk in Collision.
LiOUISVILL-E, May 25.— As a result of
last night's brawl after the Hart-Creedon
fight, in which : Dave Sullivan of. New
Tork" was knocked out by Dave Hus
bands and the police had to quell a gen
eral mix-up, Mayor Weaver has decided
that' he can no longer tolerate the sport
here, and has called the attention of the
Board of Safety to the . matter. Among
the contests , scheduled j for the near fu
ture were bouts' between Marvin Hart of
Louisville and Joe I Choynski. and Dave
Sullivan of New York and Terry McGov
ern^-.< . v ¦ . ¦'•¦.- .< • ¦ ¦ -. ' ¦ •: , ¦
Lotdsville Will . Bar Fights. " "
' Six furlongs— Prince of Africa won,' Back
Talk second, Beauty Book third. Time, 1:23%.
. One mile— Janbwood • won, Sprung second,
Uledi s 'third. -Time. 1:52. Six > ; furlongs— BUI
Masaie won. Suave second, Troubalin third.
Time. 1:22%. '•••¦- - ¦ ' ' '¦ ' -•¦/¦.
One mile andean eighth, Turf Congress han
dicap—Cambrian ..won, Isobel ,6econd.~ w Time,
2:04%. Two starters.
Five • furlongs— Jaubert won, Easter Boy,, sec
ond,"Miss Charlie third. 'Time, .1:08. i. ¦ '*-
Five and a half furlongs— Sad Sana won, Islip
second, Indian third. Time, 1:15. . ;
" CINCINNATI^ May 25.— Newport summary: .
Six furlongs— Zenaide won. Lot Thomas sec
ond, Socapa third.' Time,- 1:17^4. • t
Four and a half furlongs— Wedding March
won. Myrtle ..Dell second, Foundling third.
Time, :56%. .
Six furlongs— Imperialist won, Toluca sec
ond, -Uterp third. ¦ Time, 1:17%.
- One mile— Unsightly won. Terminus second.
Time, 1:45. Two -starters. •¦
One and a sixteenth miles— Sara Gamp won,
Albert Vale second, Hlnsdale third. Time, 1:54.
. Six and a half furlongs— Abe - Furst won,
Jim Gore II second. Sundown JJ. third. Time.
'One mile— Charlie Daniels won, Mr. Brook
wood second, Cardenas third. Time, 1:52.
TORONTO, May 25.— Results:
Six furlongs — Springwells won. Moor second.
Colchester third. Time, 1:19. x-
Five furlongs— Papermiiker won,»Illowaho sec
ond, Pilaster third. Time, 1:05.
' Five and a half furlongs— Cormorant won,.St
David second, l*acebud third. Time, 1:11.
Mile and i an eighth— John j Ruskin " won.
Oneiros second, Parisian Lady third, i Time.
2'04%. "' '
Mile and a sixteenth — Handicapper won,-
Horsa second. Winepress third. Time. 1:55.
• Steeplechase, about . two and a half miles—
Jim Lisle won, Reiff second. The Professor
third. Time. 5:40. - - - *
One mile— Tekla won. Flag of Truce second,
Tenaro third. Time. 1:48%. .,
Ed Li second, i" Jake •'Weber third. Time, ¦ 1 :07%.
Hile and an eighth, selling— Farmer Bennett
won, Ida Ledford second, Silver Coin third.
.Time. 1:56%. . - , : I
Five furlongs. Kindergarten stakes for two
year-olds, J1500— Charles- W. Meyer won. Trio
second, Kaloma third. , Time, 1:01%.
'¦'. One mile, selling— Ben Frost won. Saline sec
ond, Belle Simpson third. Time, 1:44. ¦
One mile— Wall won. Duellist eecond, Sarner
third. Time, 1:42. . - .. '
• Seven furlongs, selling— Brulare won. Verify
second. Meddlesome third. Time, 1:29.
CINCINNATI," May 25.— The Latonla meet
ing wound up with- miserable weather and a
Dad track, but' the attendance, notwithstanding,
was -very large; Summary: _. ::
16
EASTERN BASTTBAT.T, GAMES.
Dr. Sanden's ELECTRIC BELT
jOl and Electric Herculex
My latest invention, the. Dr.- Sanden Herculex Body Battery 1901
Model, with suspensory, cures weak men. results of youthful errors, Im-
potency. Nervousness, Lame Back. Varicocele, etc. Other attachments
used by women a5 well for Rheumatism. Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc ;
"Herculex" is" worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep. Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still ?
make the regular, Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by- others) and "'
either that or my new v Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'? 1
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT- IN ADVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. . : Call personally
at my office for.-free consultation, or, write tq-day sending symptoms. . My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. . - . . , • . .
DR. A. SANDEN. 6-O'FarTell Street, San Francisco, Cala..V
Office Hours, 9 to'6: Wed.*a"nd Sat. Evenings until- 9/ Sundays 10 to x. - ¦ '
' ADVEaTI&EKENTS.
A Most Remarkable. Remedy Th.it
QUlekly Restores Lost Vigor
v .-"•-. •¦-" : ; to Men.
A Free Trial Paekasre Sent by Mail
>. to AH Who Write. i
: ' Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
•will write the State it Medical Institute.
They cured so -many < men who had bat-
tled for < years against - the mental and
physical suffering : of lost manhood that
the Institute haa decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. ' It is a
home treatment, and all. men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing . from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home/'. * 1- • './.-,
-The remedy -has . a peculiarly .grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to ' the desired location, giving strength
and 'development Just -where it Is needed.'
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success ln
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute,' 328 1 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
wr>o are unable to leave home to be
ed,- and the free sample will enable -them
to see *how r easy It is to he cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
'are ''employed.' .The : Institute makes- no
restrictions.;.- Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain- package, . so that its recipient need
nave ino fear > of , embarrassment or " pub-
Hefty. x~- Readers are - requested to write
without; delay. j
ADViaiTISEMENTa \ ¦
"I did not sleep a
night for seven long
vweeks." . . / '
¦. That prolonged period of sleepless-
ness is most expressive of the pain and
sufferingx caused by . womanly diseases.
It is pleasant to " nn - n — —. —
trast the medical in- j fJmSJjS&BBfaJl
efficiency which said l^^jgataWHiBffl
cured" with the
prompt and perman- fi^^^'^wKl^^i
ent cure effected t>y|W^ '-"^^cQi^H
the use of Doctor ffi^' "QV^^S
Pierce's Favorite nil* r «|§
Prescription. •'Thisj^^ ¦„-. Ji . ¦¦ ¦ Jjk,
great medicine forj r^^i- • . -/t|
¦women establishes VvV* • /jj 1
regularity, dries en- \ •'^i^^ I
feebling drains, heals j EPr A
inflammation and ul- - / , . . fHSW A
ceration and cures / kBl JEm
female weakness. / jHi^ufMn
"I take great pleasure / Wrwtmwff^S\
in reconimen<ling Dr. / R0uHhkm
Pierce's medicines to / VdU&MkBu
other suffering women," ¦ KTcfflBlkwQ
writes Mrs. Mary Adams, '
of Grassycreek, Ashe 11 • M^^L\wBm
ternal trouble very badly TO y^lmW^m\
until it resulted in ulcers \^^^F^
of the uterus. I was W~^&r^
troubled with U so, that tm^ ' %l '
I did not sleep a night 1 € \ ¦'
for ; seven long . weeks. I* I ' ¦ ' '* "- .* I '
The doctors said I could Q^^^^^^^J
sot be cured,, but I fcom-> ¦-. w ¦ .:- *r. . ¦
jnenced taking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription '
and ' Pleasant Pellets. 1 1 After taking two bottles
I could sleep. all night, and after taking six
bottles -of 'Favorite Prescription' and. two, of-
'Golden Medical Discovery f and three vials of
•Pleasant Pellets' my case was cured.^ I had
told my husband that I would have to die, as it
seemed I could not live. He told me to put faith
in Dr. Pierce's medicines, for itljad cured others
and would cure me. \ So it did* and I thank God
and your medicine for.savirig my life." ..
Dr. : Pierce'3 ! Common .Sense Medical
Adviser, 1008 large pages,' is sent free on
receipt of , stamps to * pay • eipense i- of
mailing "only..'*] Send 31 ; one^cent stamps
for the book in cloth binding, or only 21
Btamps for -the paper covered volume.
Address^ Dr. R;y.'Kerce, Buffalo,, N.Y.,
I OUb YalBJ lUr SioIIIildlllb Ul -OlIKo}
On Monday will occur that Great Annual May Sale of Silk Remnants, a time when; we ;lose sight of '^5
the cost price of all the Accumulated Silk Remnants in order to sell them in a.single ,day. This great bar.-.'jJS
ZZz gain treat is too thoroughly known to need much comment. Remnants that have ¦ accumulated since 'Jan- / '-g»
ZZ uary 1st, comprising Fancy Novelties for waists and skirts, plain Poplins, Duchesse . aid \ Taffetas, -'.'in
» : every conceivable color, and fine printed Foulards, ranging in length from \y 2 to 14 yards, f ? r "ff (T^>>
merly sold for $2.OO, $1.50 and 85 cents. Your choice Monday at, |. ' V> •;'•- . > .r '-¦ . YardOJJV
. ..- The above Silks will be sold only in their original lengths. : ' ; "Z2-
J£ 75c BLACK TAFFETA SILKS ,56c YARD. '$1.75 AND $1.50 BLACK^ILK GRENADINES 98c YARD- =5
5^ For Monday we offer 2000 yards extra quality Black Swiss Over 2000 yards of these rich 44-inch Black all-Silk^Grenadines - : -^
"¦" Taffeta Silk, a rich, lustrous black; regular value, 75c K££r> In graduated and even' stripes, checks and. plaids that are so pop-
*7~ j-ard. Special at "... Tard"*'"^' ular this 6eason, will ko on- sale to-morrow at ' ,". ,. . .-. -< : -^
B $1.10 BLACK PEAD DE SOIE 85c, YARD. • 9 8c YARD. * ' t ' g
»- For Monday we offer 600 yards of Pure Silk Black Peau de - Every yard worth $1.75 and $1.50; they were closed out from a .~2
*— Bole, an excellent wearing quality for dresses and waists, QK/> New York Importer at a big loss to him in order to clean up; '"^g
5Z. the best $1.10 quality. Special at Yard Ot»v ! hence this remarkable bargain. . . u.. ,¦ , — «
I GREAT ANNUAL MAY SALE 0F L WHITE GOODS. %
TSZ Second week of that Great Annual Sale of White Goods. Tne entire stock has been rearranged,
fc: thereby, affording you greatest bargains ia plain White Organdies, Nainsook, India Xinon, 'Victoria
•— Lawn, English Long Cloth and Fancy White Goods. No woman, should miss this great saving oppor- ""^g
**" tunity to lay in her season's supplies. • / . . •. ' ,,
£ 40c Organdies 29c XiA.-ff^^SSSS^^^mA 17c Ma LJnon 4Zc ™- SSSl^^SS'lSS^i^^l
y*" Presses; worth 40c yard. Sale price ;.. 29c yard ¦ , 13c yard
fc 65c Organdies 48c Yard. gT.ffi| i aJ?^.?\S?tar o SSS:'' 25c Ma^LInon,18c Yard^ dl £%^
»— 65c a yard. Sale price ..4Sc yard price- 18o yard
g 25c Perdan Lawn 17c Yard. S^ 1^ tfi£ S&" : ; \ ZOc Ylctorla Lawn ik Yard. "LgFZ$g%J*S?'£S!: 3
S>- price 25c a yard. Sale price 17c yard SaIe price X4c yard 1-3
& ' 35c Persian Lawn 2*c Yard. ¦ u^^.tt^&*&S£ Fancy White Goods 13c Yard. g» *£~*£& ™?\%Z£
fc; Sale price 24 c yard "effects: elegant, for summer' waists and dresses; this season's 12
2r i* MnVMi UP YaH «0 pieces Fine Nainsook, nice soft choicest styles; worth 20c Sale price 13c yard '
ioc Kdinsuoi iic idra. btat valU€ . Sale rrice 30c Fancy White Goods 17c Yard ¦ 200 Dleces extra «"« ineer-13
..-. llc:yard • * . fancy. White . Goods, . in open ~^i
•^ 91P Nafn^nV i RP YaH *» P lec «» «*»• nlc « Quality French f'SSL SSL &nd embroldered effects : w °rth 30c and 35c IT
•^ naifl500E IOC larQ. Bort flnlsn; H regu fa, value a >anL Sate prlce •/.. ITc yard
TT 4(\r Tndffl Unnn 7r Yar<\ W0 pieces White India IJnon; regu- •¦ SPECIAL. SALE OF VELVET RIBBONS. ! =3
y= ¦* VA/ UUU L ' mVa ' C I<UU# Ur 10c <iuallty. Sale price.. 7c yard AH Silk, Satin-back^Velvet Ribbons, in Black, at the follow-
fc_ ¦ » -'- -., *; Ing low prices: • * — «
m Cerise, Tan, Brown, " __^^^^^ ' * nne of Colored Vel- -**m
9c YARD. I $ ; : __,, p rices - ' s '2
1 AN EXTRAORDINARY SALE OF SILK AND COTTON WAISTS. I
£fc A genuine feast to-morrow for our customers and at the very beginning of the season, giving them -^
St: the opportunity to purchase new stylish Silk and Cotton Waists at almost one-half .their actual valus.
¦ZZ In other words, it will be the greatest sale of waists — the result of a very large purchase of over 3000 =3
¦ waists at less than cost of material. . :.-.?¦,. .- 12
E. $6,50.SILK WAISTS $3.98. $15 AND $12.50 SILK WAISTS $8.50 $1.25 COTTON^WAISTS 70c. : 3
•T- Sflk Waists mads' of the very best quality Exquisite styles, in fine high-class Em- We have bought over 2000 of th«<P fln« _U»
Taffeta Sllk..ijj-.lrem S titched and corded ef- broidered Taffeta Silk Waiets. in the very Cotton \Va la Ss ft a blir Iw to ±he munfi
S= fecte. new btshop sleeves, a perfect-fitting latest street and evening shades, including fVcturer because he wanted -to ctefnnn" ""•¦
waist: in colors .of old rose, reseda, light black and white and lavender and black! his summer busings They are rnadl £ ?2i
blue. pink. red. white and black, sizes also many Bample waists, all this season's iilfs seal's latest stvleVlnif &..«?« »?
22 to 44; ix«rftlvely worth, J6.50. CTQ.«8 latest style*; every waist In this lot worth endless ""ariety of ecSd mlSriU «^h ™t =S
S= On sale at fcrf— J12.50 and $15.00. Your choice to- $&*« t'ernsto choose fronTind^whaf is anothl; =5
— : — morrow wj important factor, they . are • perfect fitting
fc $10 and $35 Silk Dress Skirts $22.50 SALE OF TUCKED TAFFETA ETONS. SIH^^T^.^' "VBc il
¦fc We have rearranged all' of our. odd Silk A large purchase cf fine Silk Eton Jack- ' ¦; _; ¦- "'
Skirts, all gUTS.5 fl^ "„ or' D^TTPaUc 'W OR
policy, when wej«ve to take a loss to take • « tj>t> This is a value \hat positively cannot, be —•-
fefflfeSi© \T yr Tl b r separate-Wool skirts K*T^ y^^&^;^^^
S- include fine Taffeta and Peau de Sole; _ ii .. Jt " J3.25 skirt, made of bestsJmDorted rtniinn
some tucked^and others have plain tops n f t^ tt ' at 2,** S loth ' Vlth a '««p accS pL'i 3
S^ ' " v^ colorings. Special Et :..... tj) I -^
£ IMMENSE SALE OF ASTONISHING VALUES X 3
g BLACK GOODS REMNANTS AT / IN WASH FABRICS. 2
•»- Our Spring Black Dress Goods business has been so B irtfl Hnrfham Over snn ni^oa ««™- nt v • »J ;
•Ji: enormous It is not at all surprising that there has ac- M WDgDam S^nlSn^iS. » Gln »^ al T 18 ln .Stripes, checks S
5=: cumulated a vast number of Black Good* Remnants., ~^ZT • 7f Yard tiest ifvll, fn K th VV e , tO ' m , Orr . OWi The pret " 3 •
•- "We are determined to close them out to-morrow re- -^*j| /C lar(I ' lSm n n. h!,,J L^Tt, c J oloi t 1 lf s : of Plnk '
~Z parflleBs of coet or value. In ! this great lot you will \^P 10c a yard On i^e i? ' HeUt>tr °P e and R^- They arj worth
ZZ find waist., skirt and dress lengths ln the most destr- <^Zy nc ett ' ,^ . ....:. .....7c yard -jj
J^; able weaves, such as Black Cheviots, Venetians. "*¦* ZOC bWlSSCS 10 ° P leces °' Plain and figured Swisses in all the
Broadcloths, "Plerolas. Sicilians and Prunellas; all npirr <Rn Va«J pretty evening shades and street colorings, such as ""•
mm— marked at one-half their former eelllnr prices. rKIUL. 10C lard, Navy. Gray, Blue, Plnk. Lavender,' Yellow White --^
. » • and Black: in largre scroll designs; .very choice for — -
fc: - . ¦ summer dresses; worth ?5c. Special at ..;..i...v/,.16c yard -•
fc LICE DEPARTHSHT SPECIAL OFFERIKGS. ? s 5c pf llm ' SS.^&°SuTA r SS fe^ |2
chow tfae advantage of the correctness of our Judgment. . n T.nnT« T tt ' * . — •
E 25c Yard, K^feSSi, ln ,? c Sv P cl n sU SPECIAL VALUES IN HOSIERY AND -UNDERWEAR.- 3
2= WOltn 50C. Me yard. Special at ¦' 33X5 p a j r TO dozen Ladies' Fancy Silk Embroidered Hose. In "
• 25c yard m f ,,.,..' Black, Red and Blue grounds, embroidered with ~!2
SS= 50C Yard, I? tf^f** AIIotw, in "White and Ecru Imita- .WOrilT-OUC.. white, red and black silk; the newest fads in fancy =3
tr/.^u or- tl0a A^ ab , ian - Duchesse and Clunie: very choice, -„_. af hosiery and sold everywhere at 50c. Here to-mor- "Z
ZmZ WOrtD OOC, °Pen designs; worth 85c yard. Epecial at row at 33 l-3c pair
fc no r 1. "*"; ™ ' -50c yard 30C Pair,, ™° doz « n Ladle «' Imported Silk finished Lisle thread -"2
98C EaCh, J 5 d02en Collars, lr. Arabian and Ven- Wnrfh KA« S£^'^ erms ?.? rf d l e - hlgil spliced heel and toe; the =35
«~. m JCri en lce - new »»tterns: every one worth J1.60 Will iro nOrlD OOC. *>e»t 50c quality. Special Monday at....
SET WOrtD $1.50. on saJe f <"- Monday at " • ..:... 35c" pair rS
fc- • '•; •• Each 08c 50C EaCh, Ladles J Swiss Ribbed Lisle Vests, with """•
m7Z > I J.VJ^ deep fancy yoke trimmed neck and armho es w th
NEW WASH BRAIDS WOrlh 75C< e .^. B^:.^.^J^ nt - Spe^i
etylee; ranging ln price from 25c a yard down to..:......?2c7arf WOrtD Z ° Cl for MondS only.. **.™^*i. " 5 to ••- Special =^»
ADVEETISEMENTS.
APVJS&TTKKM KISTXS.
Specialists
M'Men
W^&lj\^ STRICTLY RELIABLE-
Dr. Talcott & Co,
(Incorporated.)
' PRACTICE CONFINED TO
DISORDERS OF THE MALE.
Sffiri^ -''
WEAJCNESS
Tbero Is no such condition a.« weakness In ¦
man under fifty years of age. other than gen-
eral debility. Prematureness. loss of vitality,
etc., are but symptoms, of some damatr- to th*
reproductive system cauoed by a contracted
disorder or early dissipation. .. In looking for the
location of this damage we generally find an
enlarged, swollen and Inflamed prostate gland.
As this gland Is . the very . center of the re-
productive system It can readily be understood
that Inflammation of It must cause disordered
function. The cases are promptly benefited by
proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes
from bad to »/orse. The -essential point In all
of them Is the necessity of the cure of the focus .
of the. trouble. In the prostate. Many men who
• have unsuccessfully treated for a weakness
should now know the cause of failure. In our
experience there Is no drug In the Fhartna-
copea. taken Into the stomach, that will even
benefit this class of cases. Our plan of treat-
ment is entirely a local one, and prompt results
are obtained, as Indicated by Increased cireu-
lation and return of natural vigor. Our colored
chart, which we mail on application. Is inter-
esting to any one wishing: to study the anatomy
of the male. t
Varicocele.
' Varicocele Is an • enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels In man. In their normal
condition' their function- ia to carry eff waste'
material, thus enabling, the organs to receive
fresh nutrition. Owing: to the breaking down
of the valves, caused by tha paralysis of th«
1 muscular coat of the veins, they become dilated. >
1 and local stagnation' of the blood follows. Tha '.
vital • nerves, . being deprived of their proper (
quality and quantity of nourishment, weakness
is the result. Statistics prove that 23 per cent
of the male population are. afflicted with vari-
cocele In some stage of the disease. TVs guar- *
an tee to cure varicocele In one .week at our
office, or four weeks of home treatment, with-
out th* use of knife, caustic or ligature. We
have cured, over 2000 cases without a single
failure or unpleasant result. We Invite cor-
respondence and the fullest Investigation of our
method, ' and can refer to cured patients u
desired. KBlM
997 MARKET ST., Cor. 6tli-
11 - ¦•.-¦¦¦- Ill . Bargain snaps for bargain seekers— -a sav
\w : - ! ¦ <\Zjr&4 Jl(* ' I ing carnival you'll never forget.
K '0' <T / n Q II hundred others, unmentioned, • just as good
i^V;/ . ***> v O :. . *^ .,. ///// ¦ We couldn't, tell the whole storv. if we took th
± . jy(v/ whole page. But come; to-morrow, or write,
¦^^L^O s jnOrrOW. • . "rwe'll m mni orders |
Jj?%r^ LADIES' HANDKERCHI5F C -.^ lots for
;¦;->-• -the sale to-morrow-^all pure linen — nothing. like them
; ' : .'/l^^^r-' -g:^ : • . .,, - ji as ev er been offered at the price in the.citv — unlaun-
• . . I der#d and embroidered— regular 2OCy-$or sale to-
SHIRT WAISTS-A special, purchase at a morrow .' ...'-•.- /T..12^c each
tremendous reduction on sale for first time to-morrow . Laundered, with initial — regular 20c — for sale to-
— every one worth $1.5^— madras and percales^some morrow -.-•• l—5^c each
tucked, some plain and some with embroidery inser- .Laundered, plain hemstitched — regular i2 l Ac — for
don r trimminsr— striped . effects predominate— an un- sale to-morrow • • Sj^c each
usual value — sizes 32 to 40 — sale begins to-morrow jl^ m «« t r-i v j
morning ..........;........: 75c each LADIES' CUFFS— The famous Cluett brand
BLACK SERGB SKIRTS -An excellent -4 Ply. oure linen GC pair
skirt to wear with shirt waists— all wool. 3 rows of * » n ip^> FLACK LISLE HOSR Don
stitched satin bands around the bottom— a gored— rt , C- u v -a u.*u a nlo-h-crade stockine— in
flare flounces-a swell little skirf in the very newest bte sole, high sphced I heeb-a^higri grade^stoc^ng in
cut-regular price $ 7 .oo-for the' sale to-morrow all sizes-regular 33 i-3c-fcr the sale wmorrov,
•V.......... '...-.: .... .$5 each pair
READY-MADE SUITS -Drummers' samples LAUNDRY BAGS— 18x36 inches— made of
—an odd lot in odd sizes, but in the very beat of the ! remnants of silkaline and denim — cord and tassel-
new styles — unusually well . made and in the most vcry strong and serviceable — our 50c one for the sa'f
fashionable weaves— 10 suits in this lot sold at $17.50 to-morrow .. . • 29c each
—15 suits sold at $16.00— and 20 suits sold at $15.00— :. - s * >.>»*r»r'c?
your size is -here in some style— it may be in a style TAMBOUR OPENWORK SCARFS —
to suit-^special.for to-morrow's sale...$9.75 each _„',.. : nche e_our qoc line for the saleto-mor
TAILOR-MADE SUITS-Another lot with fly- Jow ..."^?!^. ..?... 39c each
front jackets— these are also in odd sizes from ...,^^., PAti»nnc
, $I7.5O ..to $IQ— flare, flounce skirts— tailor stitched. TAMBOUR OPENWORK SQUARKb —
taffeta silk lined jackets — they come in camel's hair. 12x12 inches our 20c line for the sale to-mor-
covert or Ven etian— in blagk or navy — sizes 32 to 44 ro w 1 Oc ea C h
P^^|i^~?^iimSl&c1i IRISH-" LINEN DOUBLE HEM-
3000 YARDS OF SICK- 7S shades and STITCHED SQUARES-Hand drawn
patterns— stripes, figures and solids— colors and open work— 30x30 inches— an unusually good vaiti^
black— taffetas predominate— values $1.00. $1.25 and at $1.50— for the sale to-morrow «oC eaCH
$i.5o-a f remarkable offer and a big chance to make a PURE LINEN DOILIES— Hemstitched am'
7£m r nvF cTiT " 75C ard drTwn open work-very neat-our $1.25 line for t*
A KID GLOVE SALE— A special New York sale to-morrow 8OC dozen
purchase to sro on sale to-morrow — two claso. em- ••irYfiT'TT I A\X/1\I ADPftIV«; t>« ~t ~«.~,
broidered backs-$i.oo , kid gloves-black, tan and WHITE LAWN APRONS— Rows of open-
red— in every size— a snap for • bargain seekers— work— very fine lawn— regular 50c apron— wide
to-morrow's sale 59c Dair strings— deep hemstitched «5OC eaCr
ADVERTISEIHENTS.THE SAN FBANC1SOO -CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 2fi, 1901.
17
THE' EMPORIUM: THE EMPORIUM.. " | THE EMPORIUM. | ¦ THE 'EMPORIUM. Vv-j THErEMPORIUM. | r T THE' EMPORIUM.
— \ : ; ; ; ~~ : tt~- — ~~~. —^~ — ~T. — . . . .. . ,.. — ...... — : — . ; .. , . . .. - — ¦ — , . .'. — ...... ..¦ . , — ~T" — ~~. — ~. — ~ — "— ~" ~~- '. ™
" • " ••"'¦.' -*¦", . ¦ .• .-.¦ ¦¦. .-.¦ •• . "•-.* i ' ;.:.*.' ;..•"...-. - ,, , •*¦' .....•- - . " J " A
Th/bitstorSsTolBBho~»nNum» . '. ¦/ i_^u-si T: ' mtm tm. ' '•'2' < '' : . '^'J'''" '-111' 1 jL' " '^^' wm* ¦¦ *W- '^g •': y 7/u big stcn ivuts a Mammoth *
by** fi Pr'ivjfo Exch wye L*j! " W H W M ,/H Hk 1 1 1 I : ' 5 H 4^bW |H H / General Oalalo$ua treks taeh
of the Opening o?CtdS^^mUS|^^M^ nd Grandest Store., J
To commemorate, our fifth ann, vet spiv, an aoutUdtice if summer 1-. E S^^^^^^^^^H^S SHHijSjfSfftppS! fe!^*" merchandise, bought on a spot-cash bjsi'. thoroughly reliable as to £
quality Gii.i absolutely correct as to sty I \ has bien priced with a feai- f~ Pj O o § PgTipiaH s ' F^^^^^a^^ r lessness and'dete. initiation to gve vou to-morrow (our anniversary dav)
lut gains such as vou should only expect to find at the close of the set- IS g 9 HI fe y H W R 1 Q 3 "pSm S 'P© i0H ' Tins annivir sar. > event cinnot fail to convince 1hose who choose >
to inves.igate our eff rings tlut thi- great store slanis without an equal ¦ i^^yOJUBLUaL p B q|; BBaB: § : | §| 31 i|HE | 1 — n i}ie western lull cf America— for actui I and honest value-swing. \
n Anniversary Offering of Laces I
Wo take tl is occa« : »n to k'i 1 futhrr iniro u:e our Ladi s" fi.50 quility real &>4f "ff €$ C gfflg " ' "' *' '*'''' *< ' '*'[" Ww£iS*t '' " ' "' / ¦ '' f ! ''• it"' "¦ 11 ¦'' On Monday only an amazing bargain in desirab'e laces for trimming underwear, .%
Kid. kin G oves — by leHinc thrm on MonJay only — prr pair <uPa?*y«CP i T 1^—^-, _ rT J TrrrT - T1T1 _— — -— — —^ m — m *1Hnm|M)|- mmtmmtmemfmmmmm^f'^mf jsS J.-..J. :„ r-~. -11 .*„. n C ,...,,; nn -«^.-,-l »t,.» „,,.,;„, „.,,»,;.„ \tr m "5
-^"^- ¦ I i W'-nii Tut? wJkMv WmW/&m\ ¦ ill hii I // i i KM li / nF 2a dresses — in lact, all scris or weinn? aoparci tnat requires wajning. we r %
No better glovei are made to .ell st this price; every pair is warranted and wi.l be fitted to [ L^S 4\ \ \l\ # f ''' V/' W/P// ' IttluR^Hi '4 : i//ll//f//'//;l V" 1 / l /^l #fl ¦ i. • i' J L • c%* "I xt j v , • Vi j ' ' T 3f
thefcand. The « y i« inc « c fi-e« <,ua ty French kid/ wi h three pa« e , t clasps and newe.t !¦ np ff \\¥W | V ' ¦'• ¦ l/! |7" : ' JHtjill- '' ''P ''¦ I' . i Jiflt k'4 Ifflt have P lckcd U P about 3°° P'«es of Torchon, Normandy, Valcncrennes and 3
em' ro'dered lacks, in black ?nd a 1 (o^uUr street and evening s! adrt; best l.ique tew n GLve?, "'I' Ir rti Tt '"I j^ ff^Ti 8^ llfflpninn *?^ T^tnfftli (^^^ - Point de Parii Laces; all good styles, in various widths — some of them wide *
with two patent clasps and P.ris point tmbroicer.d backi, in fct b ack and latest .tape sha-'es, hMX OT^WSf^""JOTt^ " ' enough for making curtains— rl marked at one uniform price to-mor- — $
and Pique Suede Gxves, in modei and tans, wirh two pearl clasp and latest tacks. I TWf? A\1T"VJ™*E' /-, jj7i~— '"" ' 6 5 r *7#* •**
c/f// of our $i-$O Real Kid Gloves. Mind y—$i. 18. . V'.» /! .^ . > [ j! ' *~ . . . -~^ - 1 -, ./ r.': : " i ' : ro w » P^r. yM"a. . Jg
Anniversary Shoe Sale ( Astonishing Offer in Black Dress Goods. [ Anniversary Sale :J
~ — <a ca&s^^ r===» Three s P !cndidv-iu.sJ q r anniversary offering in Black Dress Fabrics^^ is positively withou: peer or) UnttermUSlinSm \
T^i '^^)\^' a .^^' v^^r^e\/^ou:wi\.te astonished at the littleness o f: ,the price when vou see the^e ; T , ™v , . *
*i*^*>kxBL The bl7 ?3r7u C hands ° mehi 8 fc - C ' aSsfabric8/^ e xtIw W p,Z^dul O g n^e } p« r t /^V^IV) HJ
gp _S i^^g^ l " 1 V, • i st "F^. ¦ Etamines, Brocaded Grenadine, p'am and figured Crepe de' Paris, Ocliennes, some handsome novelty Lac= five years, we off. r to- narrow the fo'- ////^^M£j^ '%¦
f§& 2 x^PV// P rC !" aCy m l J. C ? 05 } Stripes, Perolas, ttc. There is not a length in the lot worth less than $1.50 per yard, and most of them arc regu'ar lowng extra special .values in ths /%flvSz0!$Q 3*
XW^ T J&Lj&f' <?™T' "? )$2.oo, and $3.00 qualities. Tnis splendid lot 01* bargains are the M^^^^ UndermusUn D:partment. M fj } /| UV %
V AT iK S^-*^J*k^S Monday onlv: \ * J. . , , , • 1 »v. - 1 • • 1 • 1 i_ l u j i_- sf^alHg) S oc Cambr c Ccr«t Cover — yoke of Z/tOV t / \ V. \ "i
r^U^A >C J\ i^-.-r vnmi harge Eastern jobber's spring ftock; they arc mostly m suit lengtns, although there are some su:t and skirt »O£J fine tucks, an I c rows of embroidery >^^77TTtWo\ 'x
Sr\^V^V^/ SKoes-(No I r \l ! ilu" ( len g ths 5 choice to morrow (Monday) only, per yard. ;........;., .^. .../."................:.:.. .. 7^*^ -¦ imrrtion, Annivenary ip.-chl rrcc >^K(/U11\^X *
tration) — hand -turned ) . . ¦ __ : • _ ¦ - -ja^m ¦ -m m m ¦'''¦'¦¦ ' stmi * - dSOO nnfy^^f^^"jfll^^/ at '^\ %
.»a «•„ «m«, I; i ,«, >ad S^* Sale of Chatties, Crepes, Etc. r^i^ptS&r^S^Sr i
price 13-03, special to-monow, psr. pair tfj&^& 4A\ An imme.iss sp;c"a'. purchase o e fine Inportid , Satin' Striped Chaties. Every .piece newr. and of. this , g^»|_-- ' ¦' • '¦'v'. ' sarv $p-c id price. BOO '; . '/,;[ ¦ V
' mpdmB B Sff ( sraon's designs ani color ngs; rich, dainty and much in demand at the prrsent moment; pricsd for to- ££*%%%£ in every way, one lace trimmed, cni with embroidery flounce, " %
Ladies' Bfeck Oxford TU$— (No. 2 in p ; ctBre)-^l6o pan on^y; ( rooiraw'i special selling at lea than the cost in France, : per yard., il.... V.I'..^^.. ................ " one of d.ep^flovce aU tuc^ AnnWemry special price-. ... ..©5O £
hand-Cutned soles, new toe and paent leather tips; medhim me) Sale Of OropO-Froni Japan-Our FrCnoH OrffandlOS-Thes: pretty AmeHoan Org antlieS-So good 75 8 C .S^ c Sh3rtSkm ~ tUCked and h;mtltchel niffle, Anntverwry J
leather heels j some wish doth and some with kid tops;' »U si«es in \ business in, Japanese Cripes has been very materu s, so much used tor graduation dresses that it reauirei an expert to diicern them from # r> u_- "r>" V *-* YA ****«" i."*-j l* : j -^
either one.or'th, other of these £ tyle. ; regularly U f <&**( large this year, attesting t"e go,d grai... and " and evening wear, hare a ways been a ipee.l T^f^Z^Z tT ?*° |l. 5 o Caintae _Gown-yoke of fine-aU-over emWery, embro.dery on
$2.00 p^pair, on -prcial sale to-morrow &M.&&) gr f, t desirability of the fabri« tha: w : ofler. feature of the big sere's wash f.bric buri- *' . foreIgn P^ uct '«- The X «« *&*!> neck and cuffs, Anruvenary .pecal pr ce . . . ... OS© X
l,dM Rhrk V1H KM I CK /xr N T • I > The ha.nce of our stock (ab3ut 100 pieces), ness. A complete range of fine qua'ity . wrxoble, nn C -thr S .i weave.; we have *'•«> Embroidery Tnmmei Drawen_hemsUt;h=d tucked ruffl S , Amu- J
ihclkidt^ newmel" J "^f^ fl^v !£' > inc uding the new soid linen color" Cre/es French *Organ fe 7° Inch*, wide, in lluts themin wh:te, canary, black, red, N le, 50fl |
i^^^ Sale of Club Bags. f
If not, and you are interested in getting th= best value in photographs \ V|*-*ff new lot of n»vy blue and gray BriUjantlne , ; ; ,t ¦¦¦ ¦¦ lock »nd catchei tnd C Oth . hned .« jp*S^ . gjgl/ 9
that you ever had, inquire about this offer at th- studio i flMl Skirt *' * l8 ° " Chevi ts, trimmei «nd ; jy-j^jB. ' 10c Fancy and Black Qui Is . 2O with pocket inside. >ri f * "5
Fop J his Woelf On/y- We make" an annivemry offering) J§b>^ pl«n, «« mads m the newe.t flaring style; r a 5 c Bunches of Fcrget-me-nof,. .J O 16 inches, 750^ 57© 14 'nchrs, 51.10 sixe 87O
tKm^ .coBunch^fHe.otrope...^ » J^- -g * | £ J5 J^J g §
cameras and Supplies Wtala if $10.00 ard $12.50 snk Eton, $7 95-Assort- «m»*^ 2 jo Samnle Line of Purses. %
E«tn»n>. K,d 8 k, and Su PP :i ;8 _l ncIuding .„ the T£7 anl folding WWFSm ed lot of very handsome a!!-. Ik Eton Jacket., \ #? rf diffcreat §hadef rf p^, J?W F ~* t* M'7' ' OO
Kodaks, will be found in our extensive Camera Department, on second ) \ T^w^Sr one of the pretty »7« bring shown in picture.- &&!/ i^' .. ......25i 5UG tO 85C QuaHtlCS 2SC* J
floor. Th e new Eutman Pocket Folding Kodak No. 3 make. , ' W "S7iSI^^^SshSS?JAA ' ««BS " 1 1. 50 Children'. Leghorn Hat..... 25© We hare bought, drummer'.., mpleHne of Fing:rPur,e, S
oicture :'{ ii 1/ nrirr a.^^* *» r» or tuck'd. some are lace innimej, eitner •". J ¦••»»* .... r~... • . r ~ ¦ divC/W^'i *r
TheNew 3 Bi,l4rd'fi2z.n;a m ; r .i: t he- m o;rp^^ .Irregularly -• '|%l? <2. S o Children'. Fancy Le 8 horn Hat.. . .50o ' *
zine camera that is m,d e , fittei with an automatic .hut:e ? r and bl b *"•«» »" d !»¦ 5°. Annivenary Sax price . &Sm W $3.00 Children'. Fancy Leghorn Hat $1.OO !ea?"r \SdVVctorie, in" Arnica ar" fe^M "5
rc!c«e, pr-ce $/2.00 $22.50, $25.00, $27-50, $30.00 New Tal'o: Drtsset $!9.50-Lot ja. 50 Walking Hati ..:.... .../ $1.50 the latest Hyle. and a^e well made. The ffl&^&$B&ffl *
fUS!t 1 -«i ?P er ~ 40I -^* l ' e /7 ° ofaooofthene«rt Eton Dresses, lorn: with and lome without vest f 3 . S o , n d | S .oo Children 1 . Trimmed Hats .....$1.95 leather. u.:d . re Walru. Grain, English \$^&m<^ '3
EurelU Toning Solution— 4 or. bottle 1K O effecw, In all the newest light and m?dium colors ind stv e 3 of clothi. / J * J . J ' ** ** r, c A lli«tor S«t rr,!n ,n/ r,n,,in, I $S^*2^&-^ "2
4x5 or 5x7 Zinc Washing Boxes V. Q%% Many of the e are wmp'e m d:l it in, ma 'e in th, high.-.t mann-rj oo Panami Walkln 8 H »» $2 BO MorVco in , lar.e a .ortment o f I Rf€^Mj '5
Printing Fnmes-AU si z:s UD to and inching 4^5" \\\\\\\ \\, %5O al f o in all-.ilk li.el, brit d Eton peSbe Ch:vi ? r, navy and black, a'l .'4.00 Trimmed Wa king Hat, $2.50 ,U h^e in.ide 'nkk.l "ramT not a pu5 W^S&ZA 5
•FofdteSS&s ln° S Ul ; fr: t' J Hyp °' lb S ° rf«e.,r..gu'arly|aa. S o to 530.00, •AnmTenir, <f|O gfl l?-oo and ?6 00 Ladies' Bonnet, 55.5}( in the lot worth Je<s than 50c. moV of them 75c -^-^Q^ "5
i^J^^I^!^^£Oo^JF^^ .33.60**4 $4.30 { . « Sc; the big .tore'. Annive .ar/ Spe itl price, Monday only 2. SfO S
Curtains- -Draperies. Anniversary Sale Furniture^ C^^^ f
¦ ¦1 ti "¦^¦¦¦MVa, • Moneyfcii great purchasing power to- monow Our Furniture Store is 10 immense— (the ihowrojm. a'one covsring half of the «ec:>ni floor)— and the vanety of furniture i* so great ) fiifl**n* IT»f »«IOltfftlffm##(l5> *
CW'</ W 100 1 "rlfn^Re^^P^crM-lkubWicei th «toproperly represent it in a. in 3 l 5 advertisement is rimplyimpoable. All thit we can do i. from tims t > dns.'eaU attention to a few of it, J *¦»»*** . %
*f ~?\':ii\& \ teivy ever hrow fr me' five ' ""'* f pe cial feature!; the thing, th.t ari out of th; orlina-y in 'style, | qaa'ity ani pries.. : H:re an »dm«'of thV wee!c'.' anniverfary offiring.! ' )50c Night Shirtl 39:— Good flmnelette, h fancy woven patterm, cut j«
* l lj 't X t¥ co'or», per par. .' $5mOO ¦ ' ; ' ' '" ' "' -j r _ >«" and lcnj, with a pocket an! collar, ipecial Monday . . ; S
WfoO SSSS^S^P 3 ? I'P |^f =:^---m Library Tabfe-Golden oak poU^d, with, . S^tu^^^y^ tuic = 4 S/C 3
V J^' 100 pa.rs F.gured Muslin Curtalns-3 yard, long, have Smfrd & Stensen .make; per yard /OC P//&--Vv--- ¦ ---'\V-A. shrlf bslow and dn wer, ii« 4i x 3^ inches, 50c Working Shirts 34c -M:n*. G<id CuhmereSh^;^ nkepxT «
'ffi\ '•• '' " CXtU q ' ty> FI fit HO Be dy Brussels-All leading makes; o -» P^^^LpW 13 "- - V.^\ worth |6, spec'ai A _ __ terns, weU made, with pocket, ip:cial Moniay onlv.. •
*S.R piT &I'UU rest wearing carpet ma 'e; per yard 9OC 1^-^^^ " $4,25 !.............„ 34?C "5
V/'-'^ 1O t^^d bl rum- N p-r'' y ,: r La " Curtlins - Pla!n sidc New L'nen Warp Mat Ing-Excelent grade (¦Fff : PI»ft^^ R '"¦ ""'' '"' " "" ' '. , UndWweir" 19c' «d Mc-TnVwInc*;* cf",;;.^ "briken "li«, of Un- >
./; . # ms.rt.on ana rum., p.r par "^9 t%H oi ttraw > revt ™' ble ) «P-'cial p'r'^_ " TL** * * * 4F ¦ 7 MJJ '"^ Brail Bed, full rwell front, nicely ornamented, derwear for. mm and boys, Drrby ribb d, form fittin? and lght and" 5
*P*r%M1J yard M&C nffWC Wfc M T IT^^fc^ la'ge size, special *J^^ heavy weight, cot on m«h and light weights, and Boys* Jg
Vv^^5C&^7 10 ° Pillows -a'l ready for use, covered wit;h Linoleum— Made of an exccl'ent qua'ity lins-ed M%^MJ^L jEjI MJ flC ¦ • • • &*Ma£O Merino Wool Drawer?, special to-morrow 33 C "*
Z£!$fc£i$-*OB. CARPETS M^0m^S^§MM I
S^piliMii^p Pii^^pSftS l|M|^|iiM s^c^^F^^^^^^ I
:: r ;;:::;::::;:::;^ — ! SBE^fc.- iSSBiiKlf ¦ f§«SS§Kii Some Liquor Specials. \
ff^S miscellaneous Offerings. f»s- *.. r ~ n [[ ' -*'•'" r""-^, j kmto^i »~d ,oioHog,, <f _ cuito-s a n.. 1 ww.k. y -A * Wpx*^' "fei. •!««.- a 2
Vt / Flowcr-HoMt-I lor Cr»vtl-A K.«)n.He ».d limcly .iticle ¦^-~^-^-^J^C^---^JL-*^-!^ . »=llr BI «l«: r «tlicn.:ctatprice.f9>c|«r,bo-.tlc, —^^ Bl V J
y = / for Decoration Day; green japanned metal cup, fitted ?i ' fc ~7'"*'^TT" i ~ -^^-v-^>^^«^->^-s^>^- tejnced for Montty and T«e.day only to.,... , M ' 5
V / /sc Ladies' Summar Neckwear. Anniversary Sale of Under' zw-dd- ci«i-i«d« quality, .« ,Mo-H3ay and Tnesd^^v |
\/ Rubb:r Garden Hose— Per foot 5o.8o.10a t^~~~^ £ — ~~^\ Some of New York's latest v_^ ;i i^'fi : WOBf and HOSler^m s n " •'':; '••* *: V' 1 " "I* "•*.• *• * V*'^ C 'p^C 5
y P«lnt:d Sprinkling Can, 28 >* 35o CSK fr " tionS in Ladi "' Nfckwe " M*. ChiId^'« "ose-xxr .ibbed lisle thread, cardinal . McMu '"J J 111 *^ 1 St^ he *>™ l^ ;J
L«wn$prinklen-6 kind, each *° * **° W hav, jurt arrived by expr.rs ; dHffW^ and Ya'e blue with «h t, extracted polka-dots, <£&. in the Market, Monday and Tuesday, psr dozen 51.95 gHj .,
I n n • w ,- • . r. ' ,\ '"¦",'„"„ "JO .U M'W Ou-ing Nrckwcar made o Jw9 «^0 sizes 5 to 9, cur regular 25c grale ho e— as an an- S*^ Port OP Sherry Wine— Gooi quality, bottle 25C CTj -I
1 35C It '-\ ( -^il' *l'"r* 7 »,>. • fr> 1 li- -'h V ;r"",";;;"i , Bourb:n WhlsVcy— Full quart bottlei 75O V
I - •»•*•> '/////////A v^/W\-'i*.| V n ' ¦ ¦ Ladies Hose— Impc red Heraudstf back,: real two- /^^T\ ¦¦• • • • V
/ - Ladies* Beiti— Cor.'ed black tatin, with fine^-^ pM//4 • Xr^^^iil/ Lad ei' Croat Scarfi— To bs , |^^ tfcr.-ad lii'e hoie, Richelieu dropped .titch, extra /. * ! A ' ' "^r^^^C2^"^-^ s " — "^ ""¦ — *" "5
quality enameed buckle, all tizes, ea:h OUC worn i;1 'o urin - hand °r -^^SjS high-spliced heel, doub'e .o'e, our regular 35c / / 0 H — m-\ TWO MHMVQrSary S
*~*~"^~*-^-^ — " — •^n^n-^-^w—^^> — v-^v^- — y^-w- — - —^^. ,J!S|j7j puff, a» shown in cut. . ..50Oi 75o /^jfefiS grad:hosc — anniversary sa'e price, per pair >* M / /\xt-^/\. [)j U <?na/«/'ife \ 5
» m -** W» L3d.es* Piqut or Madras Stock-W.t ., V^|M ? ........ 23C L i /m7^\{ J sW^ ~ 0/IOC#a/» .;
Ghtna anU GiaSSWare ¦ overc^rofw^aniburerflybow &i'M§ L*«"l"' Vt«tl«rd PanU-jWeyVbteTcotton,.um- V^lt .;;/ SpOrt/lfff GOOCfS DCpt, %
\A 5*O f 75 3 VTiiwMtf mer weight, vetts high neck, long or ihort .'.eeves, ' '\\ ' I iV r a r i c i »• l u « j • v « •'
_¦,,„. Tea Cups and Stucen-Very prstty decora-ed Carsbad N Ladies' Aulomoblle Scarfs -She r dimicv, IHf pant, knee 'or ankle length, co en ecru m ¦ Ik ° 00( ! Croquet Setl-Eigltt balls and eight mallctt, X
SSSw China, with railed edge ani dainty flower desigm; the white ground with colored polka dots -50o fflmX$MA «nd cream— Monday on!y, per garment . 2iO ¦ ~ \V llX l zivinte<1 wickets, put up in dove-ta:l hinged covered X
regu'ar pi ice. of these cups and sauccn, a 5 c # _ But:erfly Silk Windsor Shield Bow— Pretty fancy WfflWSfc. ( Lade/ French Balbr!«j{an Vests-High neck, * /.'/ '. 11 \. nnlTem P r f P €Clal O^g% %
each; Anniveisary Sale to-morrow tXG silks, tied ready to wear, to be worn with linen col- >^Mr ) short sleeves, extra fine rinish, ecru or N white, liies W-'a L"<S& > L ' Monday only, compere set.. %9 M V «
- Desiert FFaffS— A Jarge if.rtTent of C«l«iad lar., the 'atest fad, each ,50o \ »8 to 44, our regular 50c garments— >^ _ . KT^^^^a DollCT SkfttCS— For Monday Only; 5*
fjflSwTt^ 5 "^ o ht M tHlt * re reCU * ' " " ' ¦*' l P ecUK Monday onl y» " eh •••••••• *^ C -^*J ) \j&W » Wins ' ow Sidewalk Skates— b all 3
! L-Zf.°f Monday's Remarkable Clothing Values. Cwfi^ 1 * 1 ''' f
-^ - and rancy de.ign, with bright pohhed tin cov- XT , ... * r , .' '«. . , •• ,- . •',,.'•*• -j j L ¦,- . •) pair, u an Annlvemry .pecial _ — , JT
ers, reguhrly 35c p:rdox:n— as a special Anniversary offer- o _ No clothing atorc pretends to offer better, valuei in men's wearing tpparcl than we d), and a better bargain in men* if ? W T * ar ". ¦.. OOO g
ing Monday, ipecial dm mC \ suits than the one offered for Monday, hti never been given by' ui. ; Parents will hive goad reason to congratuht • themselves upon securing a suit i«^-^--^-«-^^>-^>--->--->-i^-->--v^^-->-*«>-*>-*»*^^^^ «!;"
"">— "^-^- > — *-^--~ — >— -^--^--^--> -s^-v_-^ — i \ for the boy at the astonish'ng low price, quoted below; •;liom you see so much money to bs saved on such reliable clothing. I [£t+ftr*& J*l# ' F t* f%W%f%WW%\M W
&tn!E& Of EFOOn9>. ; Men's $'5.00, $I7.5f) $20.00 Suit* $10.75 — -—. BoVl' $5 00 Vei'et Sultl $3 35— Tweed, c.ssi- ) Striking examples of the gTeat value, we .re continually offering— value. '^
Some very special and timely offerings for Monday, from ( ' fi 'll* « '. th f n *S S " >?Sl <StV : merM • nd b ue ler - ei « m » de with fanc V lil!c ) tblt ch " ?e " the "" ° f Uving wkh ° Ut deteriorit]n « th: Uliel - -J
the .econd largest Boo^Department in America. New tgSfflS^f -; V j'
Books as soon as published at a liberal reduction from pub- ih.de.in chevlcti, d.rk blue i.bric/with; light /wQ><* , byus.t| S .oo. n d|6.Jo , P ed4 J- --) Belt Eastern Jd- 3 lb tin., Monday and Tuesday ......... ,.33o S
Hlher'i prices.' The only complete stock of Me dicaV h«rlme .tnpe. interwoven,; some w-th Urge ', ' ' / V^ A •" thi. w«!c. ...;.;........¦ $3.35)*s>\lt& Oats-Best Eastern, 61b..... ..I80 «
works in California. . ™^f £0™ ,h^ ' r^/ . r >"\ ..... . .• ' .. (vVhe»tlnt-E«eUent breakfa.t a «h ( free demonstration now, 3 p.cka f « 3
griy am rrown cnevlDts: there are si'ge ana c ~~oi / 11 n • • •¦? (t c u *i ac a v. i e \ I BsWsjBXBj^sjsBWiXsBs^aMB'>ssMssMBHB|BjEj3 • • .- ' a v^_ *5
The Cornell Jbrary-ieoffesb»f.m»ui author,, Xy/ "/^ fp/ci.l sale price Cf/1 '7flT / i NjfrjV' J T' it" 1 '*? 1 ? [ b<5)l u" !? ' 9 >e " >l ) 1/ T "r X '• 4 o P " ki8e V'^ i'""^"/""/'^'/-' 230 "?
fi n =U,tnbinding y gltt.p., P ubl.h- i « i^- // M$ // A S thi week — -t t^« '# *^ ' /V ' f : V -^ ' ' not l t ,° . . bt ,"4 tt Pf cl!< *; fi * l »•" .-?" ,17-50, ™ (Van amp's Bejns-In Tomato^aace, Monday and .Tuesday, tin. J
eodi 100 t'tles- made to s«l at <oc each • ™«« 1fr • Boys' $3.50 Suits $1-98— Djuble-breattsd two- -tLt 4 Jl 1 7" 1 «neni»3 to J9yeart of age, pure womed «»ge, (Best Westeni Corn— Monday and Tuesday, 10 tin. 85o .t
special Mo -d»v only "-"...- '. ¦ fSr* p ! ece su ts, made of all-wool materias, in n;w ' I // ?!: ~ : ' w ? rrant:(1 tM * eolor,V cut in the. latest and mos: T Best Mai eCorn—^Mon lay and Tuesday, 10 tln..........,^/.#JO 5
_. , .. c . 7 ,. J.\'"V"'\ '* '.......IS9U . and pltuing styles; in check% plaids and m ! x- • Ar/>*1j\'» -C*A I/A^I ip>roved style," a lweUtalored and lined, suit. \ Best Milchner Herring— large, fat, 6 for ......"'. ,:..25o V
The Leather StoCAl-J Tails -by Fenirrore Cooper, five volume., cloth ture., rx S i f^r biy.,9 to 15 yeaw, usually .old ; 1-'; «V *$&,?£& J/> V wotth |lo.oo, our' .pedal .ale Cereal Coffee- Cafc Blend, none better, package .-.I.';... 25o «
bind;ng, baxei,. puilished^ at S3.00, .pec a. Monday only g*g* at I3.50} .pec ial all this week. *' " .^''' ,'!'«¦':• • , prf« *" «U» week ........ . . . »P Tm&O \ Home-Made- Marmalade— Madam Critcher'i> ...... fffO »nd *
/V—j^l^jy^J^^^ "'• OQ "\ : | ; ,^; ';: ' - .) Junket Tablets- Make, dainty dessert cr icecream,* package.... #0O j
i^^^b^ ' rAsso nffSHF JFIMIIDM^Ii^l I I IkJl Schirmer's Library of Musical Classics. \
. . 'f:35(Jtfr^ HantmOCKS \.fl WUHHI ' H><*»^*" *V^LW LB 1H fl H^H^B Complete stock now on u!e in our Music Department at OnO-ihlrtJ Off pub- .^
ferlpa^r--^ "*: ~ _~r— :^"^--S?: >^^5ig--rgir,^^g^J 1 '*' tffj #O \ I 1B»*^ ' ' H^LwlsssI H.hen" price.. Also many high-class song collections of standard operas. Among the best of r 3
*'*«32^Sii^ffiSa^*''S5K»p= aw &B.I&J ( a| P»^T •. L -sS «^ A ' "¦ "^^'™ T I thesetre! Prima Donna Album. SI 35j C-ntralto Albums, ft 35; Tenor Alburn, S
Fine fan; y colored woven f HB ¦Sof^ll^Tiiftaf^ "B^JilMsft "B^gfc *W.2^ "^ $135; Barytone Album, $1.35} Massmet Song Album, for either high or low voices,
S2 ?2-%%ier e ;•¦? Ato - • M^ s> ¦» i7 -"" !> 35o; ¦•*— ¦ |.
.-¦• ¦ ¦ .. ••¦¦¦: , ¦.¦..¦..- ,..¦••..•¦• ..¦;,.. ..¦,.. .. . ¦¦¦*¦¦_¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ ¦ - ~ - 'MiinnfniPiil|wnfiiTiiiTiitir>iiiij"^ ¦.: ' ¦. «
THE EMPOBIUM.
I Let the big |
? stdrc maktt I
3 an estimate I
& <>n yoMf I
J Aladkairi outfit. I
f and utensils. i~
4 a under one roof j
I Goods properly I
I packed and deU 1
I tvered on Hmc. I
||PfEMPpR|iJM\
REVISIONISTS
GAIN A VICTORY
»
Minority Report Rej ected
by Presbyterian As-
sembly.
PTTTT.A-n-CT.PTTTA, May 25.— The Pres-
byterlan General Assembly to-day took
another step toward revising: the confes-
elon of faith by rejecting: the. minority re-
port, which had been offered as a substi-
tute amendment for the majority report.
Tbo vote was 271 to 231. Th© recommenda-
tion Is as follows:
"(b) We recommend that a committee
be instructed to prepare a brief summary
of the reformed faith, bearing the same
relation to the confession which the
shorter catechism bears to the larger
catechism and formed on the general
model of the consensus creed prepared for
the General Assembly of 1892, or the arti-
cles of faith of the Presbyterian church
of England, both of which documents are
appended to the committee's report and
submitted to the assembly to be referred
to the committee appointed."
TVith the consent of the assembly the
zsotlon was changed so that the vote was
taken on the question of striking; out the ,
recommendation from the majority report
instead of accepting the minority report
iib a substitute, purlng the discussion of
the subject Moderator Mlnton gave the
gavel to Vice Moderator Pltcairn while he
addressed the commissioners in favor of
the amendment. Dr. Mlnton said the rec-
ommendation meant simply the establish-
ment of a new creed.
After the announcement of the vote the
Rev. Dr. J. G. MofTatt informed the as-
sembly that on Monday he would present
an amendment with the object of uniting
the commissioners in order that a unani-
mous recommendation might be sent to
the presbyteries.
The Rev. Dr. Herrick Johnson presented
an amendment favoring the retention of
the recommendation, analyzing the con-
feesion of faith, demonstrating the neces-
sity for changes In certain clauses and
showing the benefits to be derived there-
from. Numerous doubtful commissioners
were brought over to the ranks of the re-
visionists by Dr. Johnson's address.
An effort was made to postpone the vote
until Monday, but the commissioners be-
came impatient and insisted on the put-
ting of the question. The moderator was
unable to decide by a viva voce vote, and
a division being called for a rising vote
wes taken. When the result was an-
nounced the revisionists cheered heartily
and called for a vote on the adoption of
the majority report. On the advice of the
moderator, however. It was directed to
postpone consideration of this important
matter until Monday.
BOTH -M-r-rJ A-R.T. TTTH-.Tl
ON" EiTBEZZUEMXUT CHARGE
Former Treasurer of Colorado Springs
and Another Erstwhile City-
Official In Trouble.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Col., May 25.-
Moses T. Hale, for nine years City Treas-
urer of Colorado Springs, was held in Jio,-
000 ball by Justice Ruby to-day to. answer
to the charge of misappropriating funds
•J if the city amounting to about I $30,000.
Charles E. Smith, a former city official,
who had been selected by Hale to make
expert examinations of the Treasurer's
books and who reported • everything cor-
rect. wa» held in $5000 ball as an accessory
to the alleged embezzlement.
SPECIALIST n
Heortand Kidney Diseases
Owing to th* rreat prevalence of KID-.
. Z<&r «li*a»«« and the late dUcovery th*t
Wtie ACID a blood poison. Is the causa
of mmny &*•**•. DiTnaST ha. «tab-
Hsbed 2 CHEMICAL and 1 MICnO€COP-
JCAL LAnORATOltY. lltN up with the
*am* instrument* and appliances uned In
th« rr»>at laboratories of Kurop« th«
ANALYSIS OF BLOOD AND URINE.
This li tb* only t<o*ltlve and selentlne
method of knowlnz whether a KTONEY
<ll»*aj* In present. URIC ACID POISON
jiroducm In some mental or nervous symp-
toms, *uch as a confused and dased mind,
c Hacks of the biufs, splitting- headaches.
low of eelf-rellance. the memory sets poor
or the temper bad. fretful. Irritable;
while In other* the URIC ACID la pre-
cipitated In the Joints and muscles, pro-
ducing RHEUMATISM or GOUT. It fre-
quently causes neural jrta* bladder troubles.
eexuai disturbances, dyspepsia, palpitation,
asthma, and some forms of HEART dis-
ease. There is no question that much un-
necessary SURGERY mlfrht be avoided If
H were known that many disorders of
menstruation, ovaritis, peMc neuralgias
and ldndred diseases of women- owe their
origin to excess of URIC ACID in the
blood.
Don't delay. Know thy self before tak-
ing- medicine. Consultation free . at office
or by mall. • ...
DR. IS AST,
ISM Market st.. corner City Hall 'Square,
Ban Francisco. ¦• •"BY L DU PONT SYLE.
CONTEMPORARY DRAMATIC POETS OF
England and America Compared
WITH THOSE OF FRANCE AND GERMANY.
Union Pacific Railroad, three and a half days.
Tickets on sale at all offices of the Southern
Pacific and Union Pacific Railroad companies.
D. W. Hitchcock, general agent, 1 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
Low Bates and Fast Time to the Pan-*
American Exposition.
Round-trip rate to Buffalo, $87. Tim* of th«
The Santa Fe route will sell on June S am! 4
round-trip tickets to St. Paul for 167 90. to Kan
sas City for (60. and to Buffalo for Ptt. Tickets
limited to sixty days— stopover privileges. Full
particulars can be obtained from Santa 7s
agents. 641 Market street, and ferry depot.
Reduced Hates to the East.
A Roman journal estimates the valne of
the libraries In Italy at $12,000,000, and that
of the paintings, statues and vases at S30.
000,000. • v ,•-»;.•'•
VT» have made. a very low round- trip rat*
to tho Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel Plato trains, with
Nickel Plate dining- cam serving; American
Club meal* at 35c to *l each, tn»ur« you «
pleasant trip. Book free showing; Pan-Ameri
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodo tions re
served. JAY W. ADAMS. P. C. P. A. S7
Crocker bulletins;, 8an Francisco. Cal. ¦¦'-¦
"It Is Up to You."
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • '
Townsend'B California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 629 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend'a. Palace Hotel*
Mrs. Will Taylor has started a new
fashion In footwear. The dainty little lady-
Is using for street wear very low-cut
shoes with a big steel buckle clasped over
the Instep. I doubt if very many will
follow where Mrs. Taylor leads. To wear
a shoe such as she now is doing a pretty
high-arched foot Is an absolute necessity.
We all have not such pretty feet, unfor
tunately, as Mrs. Will Taylor.
And the President is right. It Is an
Ideal home, and it is an artistic home and
a hospitable one as well.
"What a beautiful place." said McKln
ley. "I only wish I had the time to go
through it. I am sure it Is am Ideal hom»."
Mrs. Eleanor Martin is happy, and jnst
ly so. over the pretty compliment Presi
dent McKlnley paid her artistic home.
When the President was out driving his
attention was directed to Mrs. Martin's
magnificent residence.
Another magnificently dressed woman
that evening was Mrs. J. Neustadter. Her
gown was of most gorgeous black potnt
lace made over white. A blue panne vel
vet girdle and collar lent a necessary;
touch of color to the gown.
-5i n .^S dn J:" d ? y 1 ev « nlr »* the patrons*
and staff physicians of the Han Francis
Polycllnlc/gnve a magnificent dinner In
honor of their president. Mrs. M H do
Young. It wm a delightful affair 'and
went merrily from start to flnlah, with
music and speechrnaklng to keep things
moving. Mrs. de Young was presented
with a pavel. a magnificent thing of ivory
and gold., I never »nw a more beautiful
gown than Mrs. de Young Wore that even-
Ing. It r-as of palest tan taffeta. The
corsage was a happy combination of lace
silk and brocaded velvet. The Jupe waa
one maas of tiny flowers from waist line
to hem. But, oh, the Jewels that were
worn with this gown. Such turquoises! I
never knew there was anything like them.
A matrix turquoise medallion Mrs. da
Young .wore was fully two Inches In diam
eter and surrounded by brilliants. It fair
ly, made me blink every time I looked at
it and. quite to my way of thinking, took
the shine off a magnificent string of dia
monds that was wound around her neck
several times and fell In a shining line to
the waist. .
• . .
of his promotion. With hi* promotion
com** the choice of choo«in K his m,^ nn ,l
I think It would be pretty *af c Tn wag"?
trie Presidio. ?*• j ¦
BANKRUPTCY— M.. City. Any person
who owes debts, except a corporation, is
entitled to the benefits of the Federal
bankruptcy act as a voluntary bankrupt.
Any natural person, except a wage-earner
or person engaged chiefly in farming or
tne tillage of the soil, any unincorporated
company and any incorporation engaged
principally in manufacturing, trading,
printing, publishing or mercantile pur
suits, owing debts to the amount of $1000
or over, may be adjudged an involuntary
bankrupt upon default or an impartial
trial and is subject to the provisions and
entitled to the benefits of the Federal act.
GARNISHMENT-M., City. The earn
ings of a Judgment debtor in California
for his personal services at any time
within thirty days next preceding execu
tion or attachment or otherwise, if it
appear that such earnings are necessary
for th,e use of his family residing in this
State, supported in part or in whole by
his labor, are exempt", but where debts
were Incurred by any such person or his
wife or family for the common neces
saries of life, then one-half of such earn
ings are nevertheless subject to execu
tion, attachment or garnishment to satis
fy the debt so incurred.
the difference of exchange being calcu
lated. It Is also applied to business done
on the basis of such calculations as mak
ing purchases in whatever Is, for the
moment, the cheapest market, and Pell-
Ing in the dearest; in that sense it is
used, in traffic In bills and exchange, In
coin and bullion and in stocks, as well
as In commodities.
ARBITRAGE— Ignoramus, Vallejo. Cal.
"Arbitrage." used in financial reports, is
a term employed for the comparison and
settlement of disputed accounts and the
composition of business or trade disputes.
The word is applied to the adjustment of
prices of any commodity simultaneously
In two or. more markets, in terms of the
quotations employed in a given locality.
NO ADVANCE— J. P. S., City. No ad
vance on the face value of a sliver five
cent. piece of 1S57 or a cent of 1S58 is of
fered by dealers In coins. The only
spread-eagle cent that commands a pre
mium is the nickel of 1856.
STREET LA WS— Subscriber, City. Tou
can obtain a copy of the laws regulating
streets In cities of the sixth class in Cali
fornia by making application to the Sec
retary of SUite, Sacramento-.
L3CENSE—N.. Oakland. Cal. An indi
vidual who acts as agent or drummer for
m. firm, if he sells by sample, does not need
• license, but if be peddles goods he Is
required to have a license.
NOTICE TO QUIT— R. K. W., Califor
nia. The general rule is that a month to
month tenant, who is given a notice to
vacate the premises he occupies, is en
titled to thirty days' time.
AGES— H. R., City. While the question
in relation to ages may "be a simple ques
tion," it is a rule of this department not
to answer questions In arithmetic nor
eolve problems.
England has not produced a single dra
matic poet worthy of the name since the
death of Otway in 16S5. This accounts, I
suppose, for the tremendous Jubilation
that has hailed the advent of Mr. Phil
lips. He Is welcome, surely welcome; but
let us not make ourselves ridiculous by
forgetting that his achievement as yet in
his own chosen line is but moderate when
compared with what -was accomplished
during the nineteenth century In France
o nd Germany.
• • •
By a dramatic poet 1 mean a man who
can write a poetical play that will act
successfully. Shelley could never do this,
nor Byron, though both attempted It;
Ecott and Keats, recognizing their limi
tations, never, I believe, did attempt It.
Tennyson's plays were all failures, with
the exception of "Becket," which enjoyed
a forced run, thanks to the immense ex
ertions of Sir Henry Ir\-lng. Swinburne's
dropsical tragedies ("Atalanta. In Caledbn"
being excepted) are mere watery moun
tains of words, and Browning, who really
had a dramatic Imagination; seemed to
care so little about the representation of
his works that he persistently refused to
mold them into those forms which expe
rience has shown a composition must take
If it in to be acted with success. So while
France has had Victor Hugo and Rlchepin
and Rostand, while Germany has -had
Schiller and Goethe and Hauptmann, Eng
land has had practically nobody and
America has had— George H. Boker. I
must confess that with even this distin
guished name on our side we haven't
scored very heavily. j'et In the matter of
dramatic poets: but give us time. We
ere young yet and are so busy getting
rich that we haven't had leisure to cast
even a glance at "the light that. never
was on land or *ea." But, by and by,
we'll cet out our telescopes and take a i
look at It; once we fasten our gaze on It I
"Herod" was produced by Mr. Beer
bohm Tree at Her Majesty's Theater on
the thirty-first of last October and ran
for eighty nights. The English critics
are slapping each other on the back
about this and congratulating their pub
lic on its high standard of intelligence.
Well, it certainly is gratifying to find
that there are 80,000 people in L,ondon
who can appreciate a poetic tragedy and
who will actually pay to see it But then
think of the 1,100,000 people that went to
Bee "Charley's Aunt" during its run of
over 1000 nights! That's about thirteen
times as many as went to see "Herod."
and this also furnishes food for thought
IT Is a little early. It •<*r > mn > to me, to
be classing Mr. Stephen Ph'llllps with
Sophocles and with Dante, as dons
Mr. Churton Collins in tho Saturday
Review; for so many men ,who»e
youth have given promise of the art«
divine have accomplished so little after
the first flush of that youth has paled.
Indeetd, bo far as pure poetic imagination
1* concerned, Mr. Phillips' second play,
"Herod," shows a retrogression rather
than an advance from his first, "Paolo
«.nd Franceses." ; what Improvement there
may be is found In the department of
dramatic construction and this is not
always of the first order. I am perfectly
willing to believe that Mr. Phillips Is go-
Ing to be as proat a poet as Dante, whose
imagination was sicklied o'er with a pale
cast of thought that- the thinking world
has outgrown; but, from the dramatic
point of view, to compare. the author of
"Herod" to. the author of the "Oedipus
Rex" is like comparing Defoe as a de
scriptive writer to Carlyle— small things
with great. Indeed!
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The followins extract shows Mr. Phil
lips' style at its best. Herod Is replying,
to Salome's demand for Mariamno's
death:
Would you commit euch beauty to the earth 1
Thoae eyes that brine upon 'us endless thoughts!.
That face that ee?ms as it had coma to pass
Like a thin* prophesied! To kill her!
And I. if she were dead, I, too, would die,
Or linger in the sunlight without life;
Oh, terrible to live but' in remembering:!
To call her name down the long corridors;
To come on jewels that she wore, laid by;
Or open suddenly some chest and see
Borne favorite robe she wore on such a day!
I dare not bring: upon myself such woe.
The third act represents Herod as in
rane from grief and remorse. He thinks
Mariamne still lives; should he once real
ize that she is dead, his recovery, the phy
sician declares, is not to be hoped for. The
Interest is' skillfully suspended through
out this act by devices of his friends to
keep the King from insisting upon sight
of his wife.- When his demands can no
longer be resisted her embalmed body is
brought In; Herod touches her cold fore
head and "stands suddenly rigid, with a
fixed and vacant stare • • • stricken
and in catalepsy bound."
Maddened by her rejection of his love
and persuaded by the slanders of Cypros
and Salome even to doubt her fidelity,
Herod In a frenzy orders the murder of
Mariamne. Hardly had this been accom
plished when he receives news that
Caosar Ijas greatly enlarged the dominion
of Judaea, making Herod practically mas
ter of the East and thus fulfilling his
hJphest ambitions. Forgetting his frenzied
"Kill her!" he calls for his Mariamne to
share his triumph. This gives an effective
climax to the second act.
MAKIAMNE-rBack, and In the Jungle burn
Whence you did leap out at my brother's
throat.
Can you deny your part tn thin? Oh, subtle!
Half rultor and half strangler, with one arm
About the sieter's neck, the other hand
About the brother's throat!
HKROD— Martamne!
Mr. Phillips' plot Is simplicity itself.
Herod (called the Great), King of Judaea,
having raised himself to the throne, by
violence, marries Marfamne, a Princess of
the house of the Maccabees. His mother,
Cypros, nnd his sister Salome hate Marl
amne and her brother Aristobulus, who Is
rcporded by many of the people as the
rightful heir to the throne. Instigated by
Cypros and Salome, Herod causes Arlsto
bulus to be secretly murdered; Marlamne
discovers this jus£ after the King has de
parted to give in his allegiance to Oc
tavius Caesar at Rhodes. Having: made
Cccpar his friend, Herod hastens back
with eager joy to Marlamne, only to find
that her love /or him is dead.
In the meantime we may be glad to get
our dramatic poetry from Mr. Stephen
Phillips and to acknowledge that "Herod,"
though not a masterpiece in the sense that
"Hamlet" and "Kaust" are masterpieces,
Is yet a fine play and well worth reading.
I wonder if It will ever get Itself acted in
San Francisco?
w« shall become enthralled with tho love
lineM thereof. We shall analyze, dinned
and polarize that light; poet* that shall
also be men of sd«nee nhall arise among
ua and shull sing to us tin- prismatic glory
of it x boarnn; tha hnlo that now Hhcdn lt«
effulgent splendor around the head of our
great national poet, James Whltcomb
Kilcy, shall nevm but as tho watery moon
to tha noontide mm compared to the daz
zling nimbus tlutt shall encircle the poets
of our national maturity.
(N. B.— This • is tho rhetorical figure
known as vision.)
Daniel Smith, one of the best known ant
cleverest newspaper artists In this coun
try, arrived In the city yesterday and is
at the Palace. He Is employed on tn<
New Tork Herald. The artist Is well
known -for' his illustrations ¦ of ani
mals, birds and scenes of rugged outdooi
life.. .He. has Just returned from Mexico,
where he spent several weeks hunting. He
expects to • remain here about three days,
after which he will return to New Tork. .
Peter Harvey, who for many years has
been the local passenger agent of the Bal
timore-and Ohio Railroad, has been ap
pointed general agent of the freight anc
passenger departments. Edward H. Tor
pey has been appointed traveling . freight
agent and George S. Stuart Is appointed
traveling passenger agent. The terrltprj
embraced in this agency ~" will be the
States of California, ; Oregon and Wash
ington and British Columbia.
M. L. Crosby of Manchester, N. H., and
Edward . Mulligan , of Hartford, [ Conn.,
well-known insurance men j of the East,
are guests at *he Palace.
Clarence W. de Knight, formerly clert
of the Committee on Naval Affairs In th<
United States Senate, now a practicing
attorney In.. Washington, D. C, Is at the
Palace.
.Thomas H. Williams Jr.. who with his
wife, and party has been : sojourning ai
his summer home on the McCloud River
arrived in the city yesterday on a flying
business trip.
- J. Well, who . conducts a general mer
chandise business at Sanger. is here on
business and is a guest at the Grand. > '
. Dr. D. Smith of Llvermore is at the
Lick.
R. C. Kennedy of.Hllo, Hawaii, Is at
the Occidental. . '
F. von Hlller, an old* resident of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
H. S. Porter, a well-known resident of
Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
A. P. Fraser, a young attorney of
Stockton, is at the Occidental. •
M. M. Gegg, a well-known resident, of
Monterey, is at the Occidental.
. Stanton I* Carter, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, is registered at the Lick. 1
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Well, you know," said I, "what Cali
fornia is apt to do In regard to weather."
"Have you been- in California before?"
sweetly Inquired Miss Sturdlvant.
"I was born here," said I, "and have
lived here all my life." - ..<z . . u
"I thought you were one of the ladles
of the President's party," gasped the pret
ty girl, and then we went and had cafe
f rappe together. ¦ « .
It Is Captain Kessler now. Matrimony
What a bunch of pretty girls Mrs. Bry
an had helping: her receive at her tea.
Even Mary Barber's gracious presence did
not take one whit away, from that bevy
of fascinating misses and handsome ma
trons. And the lady In whose honor the
tea was given, Mrs. Rupert Blue, what a
beauty she is. Mrs. Blue Is going to stay
here until early In August; but the sum
mer season is not going to Interfere with
affaire to be given In. her honor. ]
I had a funny experience at Mrs. Bry
an's tea and I have been laughing over it
ever since. I was talking with Miss Stur
dlvant, a beauty . of the-' receiving party.
She was steering me through the crowd
toward the buffet, when she began her
apologies for our glorious and erratic cli
mate.
"It's too bad," she said, "the weather
we have been- having recently. It has
made me aulte sad."
• • , •
However, I did not look all the time at
Miss Barber's merry and expressive coun
tenance. I looked ,a few times at her
gown and_ thought how her own sweet
simplicity* was revealed In her dainty,
simple dress. It was of fine white taffeta
silk. The skirt just cleared the ground
and clung in graceful folds to her slender
figure. A deep shaped flounce gave It a
pretty j finish. The corsage was of the
same ' silk and laid ' in hemstitched tiny
tucks. A Jabot of soft white lace was the
only bit of relieving ornament. With the
gown Miss Barber wore a short-backed
white sailor hat trimmed with a full ruche
of white moussellne edged with the tiniest
band of black.
And I know Mary Barber meant every
word she said. I had only to look into her
tine dark eyes while she was speaking to
feel that.
"I am sorry to leave your city," she
said to me at the Bryan tea on Thursday.
"I like California. I love her people, and
I wish that things 'might have been dif
ferent, or. else that we might have re
mained here longer."
I HAVE lot my heart to winsome Mary
Barber and I know that thero are nny
number of other prirlu In the same sad
plight. With mo It was a cns« of love
nt first sight and I am told that tho
other victim* were afflicted in similar sud
den fashion. There Is something dellclous
ly fascinating about this petted llttlo
nlecoof the President. I do not know
whether It Is her delightful simplicity, her
sweet sincerity, her wlnfome ways or her
pretty face, that has catiRht the fnncy of
ench nnd every one of us; but this I do
know— takm altogether, she Is without
exception the most fetching little thing
that ever smiled In a drawing-room.
And she was as sorry to leave us as we
were to have her go.* Mary' Barber, alj
things permitting, would have liked to se<i
more of us. She would have liked to par
ticipate in ' the many functions we had
prepared In honor of her gentle aunt, the
sweet lady of the White House. She
would have liked to epetid every moment
of her short. stay In this city with the
charming people who live here and have
tasted to the full the many hospitalises
that we would have been so happy to offer
to her. . '
may probably, occur to some of thcm-.that.it is about time to give San -Francisco a depot worthy 1 of
the road, the city and the travel. , , ' ' ¦¦'.' .'^
Now that the Presidential visit is oyerwecan takea short' rest and then begin- to, «t ready
for the next big thing. .....; '....... .. : v' . ;
¦ ''¦.'¦' .•¦ '' • ' . . '
A report from Europe, says the promoters of the plan to colonize Palestine with 1 Jews have '
had such success in raising funds^tiey' have been able to offer, the Sultan a'loan in consideration of
his consent to,the project/and it is believed thetalk of the coin - will be^ufficiently persuasive to win
him over." ¦" M j • \* ' ' ' ¦ ¦ ; ¦ ¦¦'."¦¦¦ ¦- ' ,•»-
E RESIDENT McKINLEY'S attendance on Friday evening at a; rally of. the Epworth
League Alliance was in the'nature of a Jiappy coincidence; for it serves to recall attention
to the fact that the next big thing in San Francisco will be the assembling of the interna
tionalconvention of the; league. ¦ The meeting is to -occur in July and there is none .too
much time for making preparation for it. Fortunately much has been already done, and the hos
pitality and liberality of the city can be counted on to make everything ready in due time' but none
the less. the subject should engage the , earnest attention of all public-spirited citizens from this
time on. . ;
k •; At the meeting on Friday evening the Rev/ Dr. Filben announced that upward of one hun
dred special excursion agents are at work and that assurances have been received from all the States
except some of the smaller ones that they would be largely' represented. A high degree of interest
is taken in r the convention. by members of the league in all parts of the country arid in different lo- :
calities meetings to arrange for excursions are being held daily.
; 4 V; At the same meeting {Bishop Hamilton, after stating that the convention will be one of the
memorable events of the year, estimated that upward of 50,000! persons would come to Sari Fran
cis'co "on the occasion. That is the concourse of visitors we mustprepare to meet and to welcoriie.
Money will be required , to fitly, arrange for such; an immense' gatheringfand " it should be. promptly
contributed. It will not be money wasted,.but ratherin the nature of "bread cast upon the waters"
that shall return to us after many days, to our advantage and lasting benefit. Let us then turn to
this issue with willing hearts and hands.- It istlie next big thing for San Francisco to attend to/ v
EPWORTH LEAGlJE CONVENTION.
A DISPATCH from Grangeville, Idaho, says that on the.Camas prairie and Salmon River
hostilities between the sheep and cattle men have broken out'and great carnage is looked
for before the close of the season. Idaho is being eaten out by the forces that fight for
the free range on the public domain. Swift of Chicago has hundreds of thousands of
sheep in that State engaged in driving cattle off the public domain and then in the destruction of
the pastures on which they feed. ..',-'•'
FronrNew Mexico, Arizona, Colorado and Wyoming come additional reports of the range
war. It is a situation as distressing as it is discreditable. The wealth of the public domain is being
destroyed, the country made more arid, the forests being endangered, and yet Americans .boast, of
their practical intelligence! They have it, but it is not on exhibition in dealing with these prob
lems in the arid region. . - '
The National Irrigation Congress, organized a dozen years ago, has toiled and worked and
resolved and implored and importuned, and at last has died, discouraged.. Its, meeting this year
was appointed for Colorado Springs, but is declared off because'the members are so; discouraged
that they refuse to attend. Of course that is the final end of the Irrigation,' Congress. The .lesson
to be drawn from its failure is that the public domain as Federal property must be'made t<? yield the
revenue required to timid the irrigation works needed.
That domain is now the scene of lawlessness and homicide. "Let it.be put under the reign of
law, and let those who are using it be compelled not only to maintain order, but be made-tq pay for
the pasture eaten by their herds and flocks. As we have shown, the Indian wards 'of the nation are
already the beneficiaries of this-policy. Their reservations are leased to the stockmen and the tribes
are getting a large revenue, while their range lands are growing better and feeding more stock
every year. It is strange if the white man is unable to do for himself that which he has done for the
Indian. , , : '¦ ,. / * . \ ¦ . '*¦¦-' .
THE RANGE WAR.
We must confess that: we are unable. to" connect on that statement. • How an agreement be
tween existing ocean lines can prevent opposition lines is too much for us. If the statement were
that they had agreed not to increase the number of their ships, their tonnage, their facilities for han
dling the increase in commerce, it would he more intelligible, but no more likely to be the fact, since
that would be an agreement to refuse to carry a profitable increase in commerce, and would of
course invite other lines/or steamers, or seaports, to carry and control it.. .', We are .not aware of
the presence of an angelic and self-denying spirit. of that sort on this part of the coast. If it exist at
all, its bright and inspiring, presence must be known to Tacoma" alone. '
As far as the home port of ships is concerned San' Francisco has a documented fleet "of sev
eral hundred sail ships, and the part performed by the "wind-jammer" in the carrying trade is quite
important. Concerning' the monopoly of the Oriental trade enjoyed by Tacoma it is difficult to dis
cern. Our total imports/from Asia last year were- $139,842,330, our exports were $64,913,807.
making a total Asiatic trade for the whole United States of $204,756,137. Just how Tacoma mo
nopolized this with the total foreign trade of all the Sound ports amounting to $25,051,670 is
something we are unable to find in the figures.
Without at present segregating the foreign trade of San Francisco by countries, "it is' safe to
say that this port handled the bulk of the Asiatic trade that comes to the Pacific Coast.
All this is said not in complacency, nor in the idle assurance that any city can count for
cpmmercial supremacy upon its geographical position. Pre-eminence in trade comes out of pre
eminence in enterprise^ and as San Francisco has gamed what she has by the enterprise of the past,
she can hold and enlarge it only by equal or greater enterprise in rthe future.
The total tonnage entered and cleared at San Francisco jor 1900. was 1,7221330 and on Pu
get Sound 1,730,746. But, with about 8000 less tonnage entered and cleared, this port^ carried jiiid
handled $63,106,246 more foreign commerce than all the Sound ports combined.,
' During the first eight months of the present fiscal year, San Francisco hancjled $44,201,396 in
foreign commerce and the Sound; ports $17,297,009. Of course the foreign trade handled on the
Sound shows a large percentage of increase, for there was none at all •until railroad facilities were
created for handling it. The increase is gratifying to the whole coast, and the enterprise in those
ports is a proper spur to the energy of others. But the Times says that all Pacific Coast steamship
lines except Tacoma's have "entered into a combine whereby they agreed each with the other to
put on no more steamship; lines to run between Pacific Coast ports and China and Japan direct.
This agreement precludes any -extension of' opposition lines 'and permits Tacoma to maintain her
monopoly of the Oriental trade. '¦•¦, '¦¦¦.' •.'.:•¦ • ¦ i
rip HE Tacoma News, in an article setting forth the creditable position of that port in the.for-
I eign trade of the Pacific Coast, claims for that, seaport more steamer tonnage engagedin
I. that trade than. all other Pacific ports combined. .. All vessels have their home port, but
; f ;? the domicile of ships has but little to do with the 'commerce they carry, either in its
origin or' destination/ The cargo follows the course of commerce and is taken on and discharged 1
where the trade demands.
There are eight districts on this coast, San Francisco, Puget Sound, Willamette, Ore.; San
Diego, Los Angeles, Alaska, Humboldt and Oregon City. The total foreign imports and exports of
these ports for 1900 were $128,951,375. Of these San Francisco had. $88,237,916, or $23,757,229
more than half of the entire trade handled by the whole coast.
In detail the imports and exports were as follows:
C I- • " • « 88 217 Ol6 '
San Francisco . .;......««• ...............* oo.^.v.viu
Puget Sound ports. * 2 5 -°5 l >°/v :-\:^\,-l
Willamette :....... ...;......:..... .....; r. ........... 10,00^.174^,;
San Diego ..';........... 3.298,750
Los Angeles .1 . ••••••• "•'• 1,011.000
Alaska f i -a Q51.6&J
Humboldt • • • 255.144
Oregon City ..... .......* I40.0.S7
Tntnl -.'... •" >• * . • •••••••••"•••'•••••• • *pI2oeQOI n v.5
THE .PACIFIC TRADE. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 26, 1901;
THE SAN FRANGISGO GftLLi
JOHN I'D. S J RECKELS. Proprietor. " Address Communications to W. S., LEAKE, . Manager
SUNDAY ;. ..................;. .:..........;.;...................;..;:..MAY 26,1001
Publication Office ; .' <^?^s|fe> Market and Third, S. F.
BY SALIX SHARP.
ABOUT PRETTY MISS MARY BARBER.
Some Prominent Society Swells,
FINE JEWELS AND HANDSOME GOWNS.
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOURISX&
WHERB THEY "WILL FIND
Humphreys' Specifics
PARIS. -82, rue Etienne-Marcel, and all
Pharmacies.
LONDON, 1, King; Edward St. Wewgate
VIENNA. St«phansplat*. 8.
ALEXANDRIA, rue Cherlf Pacb*. '
LISBON, Rua do Arsenal, 148 & 152.
BARCELONA, B,' Calle Sta. Ana.
BRUSSELS, 58, rua Montagu* de la Cour.
'RIO DR JANEIRO. 32. Rua Qoncalves
• .. Dlaa. - • ;. - .
BUENOS ATRE8. 4«. Calle Florida. 446.
MEXICO CITY, Calle .del Collseo, 3. ¦
HAVANA, Tenlente Rey 41, y Compostela.
. 83 & 88. : •;;¦,-'. :>
HONOLULU. Holllster Dmr Co., Ltd.
PANAMA, Plaza Santa Ana.
CANADA, at all Drur Stores.
, .,
Dr. Humphreys' Specific Manual.
a pocket epitome of the Domestlo Practice
of Medicine, mailed for the ajklof , .
Homphrers' Homeopathic Medicine Car Cor.
WlllUm A John Bts., }Jew Tork. , ,
• • • ¦-¦>'.¦¦¦"; - ¦ ¦
GIFT TO JIBS. McKINLEY. '
The employe* of Kohlberg, Strau»B & Krohman have presented Mr».> McKlnley'
with s beautiful «atln pillow. It wan mado to commemorate the launching of th«
Ohio, and was given as an. acknowledgment of their appreciation' for her presence
In this city. . — « • , *
The pillow. wa§ of heavy, white sntln nn<1,wns trimmed in.yeilow and jrold cord
The battleship Ohio was reproduced In oil on the top and wan surrounded with popl
plp» and buclM-ycf embroidered In silk. The popples were synonymous of California •
and the buck«>'*s of Ohio. •• - - , . . ' <*•»•»
The pillow was made In San Francisco and was one of the most beautiful Dlecea
of embroidery work over turned out In this city.
Koblberff. Strauss &»rrohman l are In receipt of a letter of acknowledgment from
Secretary Cortelyou, expressing: Mrs, McKinioy's appreciation for the courtesy.
ADVEBTISEMENT8:
gJULIET<§
psridks^
for women, beat tie world I
for solid home comfort dur- |
4 ino; the summer season. In |;
addition to ease, they have §
style, workmanship and I
. lightness to recommend I;
them. They are made in I
Chocolate Vid Kid, have . I
1 hand-turned soles, low heels |
and new coin toe. The [J
sizes run from 3 to 8, widths |
from C to EE. "We are I
offering them at the won- f
derfully low price, $1.60 1
the pair. |
Fingree's Gloria, tht fa - I
f /¦ mous, o
faultless, unsurpassable §
shoe for women, made : in jf
all modern styles, all Jcath- I
; ers, in both shoes and Ox- I
fords, offers every advan- I
tage that the heart can 1
desire in a high-class shoe. I
$3.50 the pair. I
i5.KatscWnsKl
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
JO THIRD ST.-SMlyTOCO
Telephone
Eye-GIasses
'Art Vroktn and w« will s«nd for them. repair-
Ins >nd r«turnin* th«m tha ram* day. L>«nses. ¦
CO cants; Astigmatic Lenses, IL and II SO.
OcultitsV prescriptions Ailed. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OT/ »N3TrtUM£NTJ
omdi* cmaqwcu outwit, [ CataioOUC futLCLAUS SPREGKELS TO BUILD
LARGE BUSINESS STRUCTURE
FIVE-STORY STRUCTURE. WHICH IS A NOVELTY IN LOCAL ARCHITECTURE. THE STRUCTURE IS CON- j
NECTED BY ARCHES WITH ANOTHER' BUILDING ON SUTTER STREET, SO THAT IT CAN BE ENTERED
FROM EITHER OF FOUR STREETS. " * > J ' .. . ¦ ;T- '
Decision Affecting Corporations. J
SANTA CRUZ.* May 25.— Judge Smith
to-day decided a case of unusual interest
to corporations. Five directors of the
Corralitos Fruit Drying Company ,bor
rowed $2500 of a bank in Watsonvllle, . giv
ing their note therefor. They claimed
that the money > was used for the .benefit
of the 'corporation, and at a meeting ot
directors indorsed their action. Judgo
Smith decides that they are personally
responsible ' for the payment of the note,
as the directors could not approve their
own action.: ¦¦ ,
SANTA FE, | N. M., .May - 25.— T. H.
Welch was Instantly killed and Valentine
Gutierrez, Roy . Whittely, , a man named
Flores and an Italian were seriously hurt
at the Santa Rita copper mine, in Grant
County, while cleaning out a blast which
had failed to explode. Flores held a knife
In his hand, which was driven into his
throat. ,
Killed by a Blast.
$20, including -berth -and' meals, for a
6 days' trip on the elegant steamship Cor
ona, sailing every Friday for San Pedro
and Los Angeles, calling, at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, Port Harford, Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura 1 and •:• other ; Interesting
points, allowing time for passengers to go
ashore, arriving San Francisco Wednes
day morning. Pacific Coast Steamship
Co.- Office 4 New: Montgomery at., under
Palace HoteL -- .'.. . .
Cheaper Than* Staying at Home.
The California Inanimate j Target Asso
ciation held its annual meeting and elec
tion of officers last 'evening at the Crock
er building. The officers follow:
President, Dr. W.i S. George of Antloch;
vice president — J. B. Heuer of San- Fran
cisco, W. J. O'Nell of Fresno, T. L.
Lewis of San Francisco, Edgar Foster of
San Francisco and George H. Anderson
of San Jose: secretary and treasurer, W.
J. Street of San Francisco.
Crack Shots Hold Election.
¦ The Pacific Coast Agency of the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad Company, has
been reorganized as follows: ; Peter Har
vey, general agent of freight and passen
ger departments: j Edward 'H.' .Torpey,
traveling freight agent; George S. Stuart,
traveling passenger agent. The territory
embraced in the agency consists of Cali
fornia. Nevada." Oregon, Washington. and
British -Columbia. .'.The headquarters are
at No. I Hobart building, San Francisco.
B. and O. Changes.
has officially announced to the powers of
the world that orders have been cabled to
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee con
templating his Immediate withdrawal from
China. This announcement Is set forth In
a circular note, a copy of which was de
livered to Acting Secretary of State Hill
to-day. It Is understood that Germany
invited suggestions from, the powers as to
the officers who should be placed In com
mand of the allied troops to remain in
China until their withdrawal. Instruc
tions have been cabled to United States
Embassador White on this subject. The
attitude of the United States is thus de
scribed: ¦ ¦ -
"The United States learns with satisfac
tion that Germany regards the time as
opportune for the withdrawal of Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee. It can
offer no suggestion, however, as to his
successor, as since the fall of Peking- the
United States has only maintained a lega
tion guard in the Chinese capital. It has
taken no part In punitive expeditions and
It does not believe that further military
operations are necessary. In line with
this belief orders were recently cabled to
Major General Chaffee, commanding 1 the
American troops, .to withdraw, leaving
only 160 men under command of an officer
of the rank of major as a legation guard
As the American Government has no force
In China outside of the legation guard it
can consequently take no part in the dis
cussion between the powers on the subject
of a successor to Field Marshal von Wal
dersee."
I/JNDON,- May 25.— It Is learned from
an official source in London that the ques*
tion of a successor to Count von Walder
, pee as commander In chief of the allies In
China during the Interim previous to com
plete withdrawal of the foreign troops is
now being 1 discussed by the powers. Von
Waldersee and the council of military
commanders at Peking have expressed
the opinion that the best way of settling
the question is for an officer of each na
tionality to have the supreme command in
turn. •
BERLIN, May 25.— At' the instance of
Count von Bulow, the Imperial Chancel
lor, Emperor William has ordered that the
German command in China be broken up
and that preparations be made to reduce
Germany's forces there.
UNITED STATES NOT INTERESTED
IN VON WALDERSEE'S SUCCESSOR
graduates of the • largest colleges of the
country now residents of San Francisco
and nearby towns, members of the asso
ciation from several Eastern cities-at
tended the meeting, j Miss Frances Deane,
president of the Alumnae, presided at the
prolonged business meeting, • assisted by
Miss Duffy, recording secretary, and Miss
Whitney, corresponding secretary.
The programme for. the afternoon was
in charge of Mrs. Fred Turner of Oak
land. After the business session members
of the association discussed' "The Work
of Social Settlements." Mrs.' Urquhart
Lee, the ' celebrated authority .on parlia
mentary law, lectured on that subject.
Among . those " who delivered addresses
and their themes were: Miss Morgan,
Oakland, "Theory, of Settlements"; Miss
Coburn, "Oakland; Settlement"; , Miss
Fitch, "South Park Settlement 1 '; Arthur
Todd, "West Berkeley Settlement"; Miss
Whitney, "New- York Settlement": Sid
ney Ptexotto, "Boys' Club of ' San Fran
cisco."' ¦ . . - '
New York Life Insurance Company, $10,
000; Independent Order of Foresters,
Canadian branch, $5000; Knights and La
dies of Honor, $2000. Total, $67,000. .
Insurance obtained upon the -life of
Marie A. Defenbach, . deceased, upon
which were based the indictments re
turned charging conspiracy to defraud,
naming Dr. August M. Unger, Francis
Wayland Brown, Frank H. Smiley and
Marie A. Defenbach as defendants,- are as
follows:' Independent Order of Foresters,
Canadian branch. $5000; New- York Life
Insurance Company; $5000; - Knights of
Honor, $2000.
The mysterious prescriptions, the handi
work of Dr. Unger, which Miss Defen
bach had compounded for herself are now
In the laboratory of a we'l k"own *«•"'
who will to-morrow mix the chemicals
according to the formulas 01 die picaci«i>
tlons so as to ascertain whether the drugs
called for contain life-destroying proper
ties in sufficient quantities to cause death.
An illustration of the manner in which at
least two of the conspirators under indict
ment handled themselves is shown by. the
fact that the druggist who filled the pre
scriptions at the direction of Miss' Defen
bach was induced to return the originals
CHICAGO, May 25.— One of the greatest
censpiracies to defraud insurance com
panies ever recorded was disclosed In the
Defenbach case to-day. Not $12,000, as the
indictment charges, but $67,000 was the
stake played for, according to the prose
cution. A ruling by Judge Tuley untied
the hands of the public prosecutors, and
the already celebrated trial now takes on
added interest and greater importance.
"The order of the court permitting
statements of Marie A. Defenbach.
charged with being a coconspirator, and
now dead, to be admitted in evidence
gives the State much desired leeway,"
said Assistant State Attorney Olsen.
"We will show that other companies were
to be defrauded. The evidence is in our
possession and the jury and court will
hear it all."
Following are the companies and fra
ternal societies in question and the
amounts of policies: Dquitable Life As
surance Company. $10,000; Mutual Life In
surance Company, $10,000; Security Life
and Trust Company, $10,000: Prudential
Life Insurance Company, $10,000; Metro
politan Life Insurance Company, $10,000;
. . • . * . * '
MEETING OF ASSOCIATION"
OF COUiEGIATE ALTJMNAE
The regular quarterly meeting of the
California branch of the Association of
Collegiate Alumnae was held yesterday
afternoon at the Sorosis Club, 1620 Cali
fornia street. In addition to many women
to her. The apothecary more than likely
kept copies.
GIANT SCHEHE TO ROB INSURANCE COHPANIES
UNEARTHED IN SENSATIONAL DEFENBACH CASE
SPRECKELS will erect a
/T* modern flve-story and basement
(i . brick building for the use of the
..^W Nathan-Dohrmann Company, on
the south line of Bush street,
137-6 feet east from Kearny. having a
frontage of 68:9 feet and a depth of 137:6
feet. It will be connected by arches with
the premises now occupied by the com-'
pany. so that its store will run through
from Sutter street to Bush street. 175 feet
deep, with side entrances from Trinity
street and Hardie place. This will give
the firm 100.000 square feet of floor room
and make the premises the largest occu-
pled by any crockery house in the world,
-The new building will be tenanted ex
clusively by the Nathan-Dohrmann Com
pany.^ arouse hold, f^Bj£^£*™«&
l^^\TSu^M^i^tXt^ Tt^
CO£Jt wm be between $60,000 and $70,000. The
old buildings on the site are now being
torn down. The picture Is from a drawing
by the architect. Nathaniel BlalsdelL
THE RAN FBANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 26, 1J)O1.
19
CALX. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, May 25.-Germany
YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S;
jp^'^'Bpr O y TV A \/ wc are °ff c " n & bargains— some
i-i r Liiv I LJiW samples of which wc name below.
At no place in the city can you secure as low prices for good goods
Our regular prices arc genuine bargains compared with the
high prices of the society shops and installment houses.
Every day our store is crowded with buyers, whilst our
downtown competitors are complaining of dull trade.
•q, * ., i T 1 HIS WEEK will be the bus-
oi^clow body iest °* the year m tlie car P et
' section if low prices mean any-
forttSS£lS 17* thing. Thousands of yards of
* ' * 2t Wilton velvets, axminsters and
$ f E^JT\ "fr^ If </> Brussels marked at prices which
>+*J\J VctluC* . cannot fail to attract saving
Jt buyers.
Bigelow Azminsters, many patterns. Body Brussels, worth £35, specially
for priced at— 1.10
Axminsters in forty patterns, 1.50 Sanford & Stinson tapestry brussels, 50
value for 1.125 patterns, regular 1.00 and 90c quality at
Wilton Velvets, f or halls, parlors and 75c and ' G5c
stairs — 50 patterns of 1.35 quality at 65c tapestry carpets at— 50c
1.15 60c ingrain carpets at — 50 c
Velvet Carpets — new desijrns— worth 1. 15— special at l.OO
Pattosien's mattings— always fresh and clean— 25c to lOc
Inlaid linoleum—best American make 1.3o
Special Bargains in Made-Up Carpet Rugs*
From Remnants and Odd Pieces of carpets and borders. Some of the best
carpets made. • Below we quote some of the prices:
Wilton Velvet Rues, rize 8.3x12 \*7 C\t\ Tapestry Brussels Rugs, size 61 £* PZf\
feet, wort* $22.00. at * * •XJ\7 s.6 feet, worth $9.00. at O»O\J
Tap*«try Brussels Rugs, eiz« 8.J 1Q QK Bcdy Brussels Rugs, sire 8.3x10.6 1 £* EA
xl2 feet, worth S1G.C0. at # IO»AU feet, worth $22.00, at IO»OVf
Axtnlneter Rusts, size 10.6x12 feet. ()A SZfl Velvet Ruirs, sire 8.3x12 feet, 1 PC *7EZ
worth J27.00. at J±\J»*J\J worth J20.00, at lU«t U
Tapestry Brussels Hue*, size 1O.« ] (* *7 PZ ¦ Axmlnster Ruts, size 8.3x11 feet. \A KA
xl2 feet, worth J21.50. at lu»lU worth $19.00. at I^TeOv
O A ~P l~/Tfe^II-"Wd Cor. Mission and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE V PILES.
A Bemedy That Will Do It and Is
Perfectly Safe.
We do not Intend to indorse any except
articles of real merit. We therefore take
pleasure in calling attention to a new j-.lle'
cure which has been remarkably success-
ful in curing every form of itching, bleed-
ing or protruding piles. The remedy la
known as the Pyramid Pile Cure and is
recommended by the best medical author-
ities on account of Its absolute Bafety,
ease of application and Instant relief from
pain. ¦- ' - ; ' \
The Pyramid Pile Cur© contains no
opium or other poison and does not Inter-
fere with dally occupation while using.
People who believe nothing: but a surgical
operation would cure them have been as-
tonished at the results from a,sinele 50-
cent package of the Pyramid. ' •
Mr3. Mary C. Tyler of Heppner, Ore.,
writes: One package of Pyramid Pile
Cure entirely cured me of nlles from
which I have suffered for years and I
have never had the slightest return of
them since. •
Mr. E. O'Brien, Rock Bluffs, Neb., says:
The package of Pyramid Pile Cure entire-
ly removed every trace of itching: piles.. I
cannot thank you enough for It.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is sold : by all
druggists at 50 cents per package.
. Treatise on cause and cure of -olles
mailed free by addressing Pyramid Co..
Marshall. Mich. .
FOR SALE
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land In Ma- :
dera ; Countyr-.
For particulars afldrera FARM. ' 813 Market
Street, 8. F. - ---• --.- ____~ _=——--- —^^.
l.A/E'VE another lace curtain
™ ™ treat for you this week — a
little out of the ordinary. A large
shipment of genuine Arabian lace
curtains, exact duplicates of
those costly French curtains
which the world of art has raved
To-morrow, an . importer's surplus
S.OO — Arabian curtains — American
made — beautifully corded — designed
from old, original French patterns
which sold for 150.00.
25.00 — Arabian . curtains — strikingly
beautiful — 4 styles in this line — for par-
lor or library — 15.00 a pair under value.
16. OO — Arabian curtains — formerly
24.00 — to accentuate this bargain event
at 16.00.
Sale of
Arabian lace
curtains* 5.25.
; — * ..
over for the last half century.
stock at half.
5.25 for corded Arabian lace curtains
— this value is astonishingly great and
positively unmatchable.
7.5O — magnificent Arabians — wide,
elaborate borders^ — 2 styles, regularly
10.50.
lo.OO — French. Arabian curtains —
hand made— inimitable styles — every
curtain in this lot is marked down spe-
cially for this sale — 10.50.
r**^ I iflullUlUwl J ment will be carefulfy filled.
Progfessiyeness
: Never Lost Sight Of
Our Business is* cohstantiy increasing. Every
time you visit this store you find new evidence of
advanceraent. We keep pushing ahead and ahead.
Energy, ambition and Big Fresh Stocks are behind
"every step in this store's progress. We are build-
ing up on the selling of Reliable Goods.
fn the giving of Great Values this' store stands
without an equaL Proof of which is forcibly
demonstrated in the following offerings for this weeks
Sofa Cnshioris— 90c . «s~*i r)
large lot for Monday of those pretty Tapestry
Cushions. Finished ready for use; in the choicest of Oriental
"colorings. 'Just the thing for dining-rooms, country homes,
etc. The last lot went quick. These won't last long either, at
this price 90c each.
Reversible Portieres— $3.00 (secoiid Ho^
* For Monday — selected from our House furnishing department,
We offer a choice lot of Persian Striped Portieres. Three vards
long, full width, fringed top and bottom, alike on both sides.
One of this season's choicest production, in a great variety of
beautiful colors, that are exceptionally good value at $3.00 pair.
Walking Skirts— $1.50 'l^fsfi
; " There are about 300 Washable Walking .Skirts in Grass
Linen and Covert Cloth, made in the latest flare style, have
ten rows of stitching at bottom, seams are tailor stitched, come
in colors, Tan, Brown and Blue. These skirts fit perfectly
and are now on.saie at $1.50 each.
Ladies v Leggings---40c • <«.* h..,,
I . We have just opened a large lot of Canvas and Tweed
Leggings for Ladies' wear, that come in Tans, Blues, Grays,
Browns and Black in fact we have them in colors to match
any outing skirt. If yo'u intend doing any tramping, see
them, they are just right, price 40c pair.
Ladies' Bathing Suits-— $2.25 ¦:¦'<«*•.•*!«»
If you need a Bathing Suit, take advantage of this exceptional
offer, we don't know when'we can repeat it. Ladies' Bathing
Suits neatly made of Cotton Jersey Cloth, in Navy Blue with
large sailor collar prettily trimmed with white braiding. When
the store opens to-morrow we shall have all sizes, come early.
•Price for the suit $2.25 each.
Boy's Bathing Suits-^SLOO Ht|»|
Boys that are "going to: the country, this offering will interest.
Monday May 27 we will show a special line* of Boy's Bathing
Suits, that come in two parts, made of good cotton cloth in
such colors as Navy Blue, Red and Black, with neat white
stripes. Our price for all sizes $ 1 .00 per suit.
at Main Entrance
4 125 131 Kearny Street U
ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
A REGULAR bargain feast in j-v f #
r\ parlor furniture this week. 1 aflOr IUrilltUre
The sample pieces of a prominent * *
maker, together with many l*CCldCCCl
choice selections from our own < , *
factorj', reduced in price one- OnC^tllil^Cle
third and more. . '. ¦ .
f^^^— ¦ -^^~-v^7$$ Odd parlor chairs —
I|T T 1 V' if'f 7.50 value at 4.75.
VcMl J u « 67 " Vfi l U9 at 5.50.
\*k&lv^\w\ s\ (1, .12.75 value at 7.25.
\*'?%r *t )& V- tj 14.00 value at 8.75
Iff \/\j/\f I 17.25 value at 10.00.
f If Jt la 19.00 value at. 12.50.
lii^^OT Parlor Suits, 3 pieces—
M^J^Mmlm}^ 18 .00 value at 14.00.
/jftfir"-— 7, nfe k^; 21.00 value at 16.00.
\&^™ k V?*^' ! if* a *rVFK?Ji $ H§*%" - 31.75 value at 24.0O.
H3*£j<*^ ill jSbfix 47.00 value at 35.00.
C^y^<^^^S^^^pKJ 52.25 value at 43.OO.
_^n[ „ >**?• \j - -> 67.0O value at 55.OO.
Oljt Oid parlor divans—
14.OO value at 9.75, 3O.5O value at 21.25.
23.OO value at 16.50. 47.00 value at 35.00.'
5O.25 value at 41.25. 70.00 value at 56.00.
Polished tabourette -worth 2.50 for 1.25.
Fancy v parl6r table worth 3.OO for 1.50.
Polished bookcase v/orth 23.50 at 18.75. . ,.- '..^t ; -
Solid oak chiffonier -worth 9.OO for 6.25.
j . _^ ¦¦ ; ¦ ¦ 1 j No matter how pleasant your stffiotmdings^
/ ywl v . n^^ 8 * 83 " " ==aS^^s.Q health,- good health, is the foundation for en-
I Us Jf^St (H joyment. "Bowel trotifcle causes more aches and
II 0%*M "¥3r-^Z_; B^ pains than all other diseases together, and when
// fiPM >-tv V^\ fr""N TPU Sfet a goo^ dose of Wiova bile- coursing
' / jS)ftM^^ ¦ I & through the blood life's a hell on earth. Millions
¦ ™\/ V/VX\!i^^ /> "' jr- fr^ . °f people are doctoring for chronic ailments that"
• ¦x-^^^JP^vV^^^ i^"r5K^ S^s. ° * startc(^ ta<! bowels, and they will nevcj
*-45-i^2^ "'¦TA'C^- get better till the bowels are right. You know
I I \ 1 k° w £ft v &~~y°° neglect — get irregular— -fast |
'• / \ \ \ / " > '/ "->. fA I suffer with a slight headache — bad taste In the
\\ rP**! lYC^ V^\( \ii "* -* mou^ 1 QJon^gs, and general "all gone" feeling
\ 1 \ il JL \/i\- 1 1! T^ ..durmg the on going from bad to -
II \l i\/TN ylll 1/ IT - wotsc watifl the suffering becomes awful, fife
M*- 1, j^-v/ll H J-Jr! ; loses its cnarms, and there is many a one that
V^^^^3" I V^o^iy \ U^\3 has been driven to suicidal relief. .Educate yx«» *
\ I t^P- 17 1 K^^fe7- bowels with CASCARETS, Don't neglect the . -
In Ml* H=, V^^^^V^/l^^^^ >^J slightest irregularity. See that you have one
"^w s ' }/f^ j^^^T'^C 7 1^ natural, easy movement each day. CASCA-
. :-¦ j_ J- Q£&r>. v ~^-^|[ V RETS tone the bowels— -make them strong—
/ ' ' * t -. : '^0-^"^ ' ViJ^ and after you* have used t^f-m once you will •
• {¦¦ . . "wonder why it is that you have ever been
. without them. You will find all yctar other disorders commence to get better at once, and soon
you will be well by taking— ' -' ; »\ - 0»" • \i^i\
« - ¦ HTI-III?' TA\TI/^ I A VATI\7C r * '* -
¦* B n I"* II I X^ IIj I A X A I IV l~* • *•.¦•-¦
Mil 1—^ 1 \y I 1 L^ii/iri 1 1 T 1— 4 *
25?. JBJfcJtS^^roVER
ALL DRUGGISTS. ai^mMmSLJBUkmU^mm9m^^ mm^ . SOLD EN EULK.
Alinr «51 bowel troubles, appendicitis, bll- All mm ¦ lITPPn Itry T?*****
I ¦ 1 1 U L louanets, bad breatb, bad blood, wind ! " 1 1 ft U R |U I L L 1 1 Ont box ,? r WH±tl
UUIIlsi mouth, headache. tndlKeaUon, pimple, .UMlTlllTll I imUmU fl^l "bta I«?
pains after eating, liver trouble, •allow complexion ¦. aimnar ascdietae tat th« wwld. ThU lT*ks«i«t* mr**r mt
! and dizziness. .When your bowels don't more rejrur matnertt. and oar beat twrtUaaalal. We hav* l&tth an4
. larly.you are getting sick.; Constipation kills more •, wlU sell CA8CA».ET8 ataotately sw»raatee4 to onr. or
' people than all other ditoutci tocether. It li a moneyroftaadtd. €!• tony today, two SOo bojet, «l-r« them m.
•tarter for^uriliro^Sc allmenu iSZ long yea™ of Z!frJk!3&*2^V«"'*tt&&?V2^ E&ZXS* SSZ
suflbrtoff tnat come afterwards.^ No matter what lZV££l&£&h^i^^i£5^^
t alls you, start taking CASGABETS to-day, for you who"yoW paSnS.dlfc *2i set yoVr mo.«r bZcFror both
Will never set well and be well all tbe tlmo until Wea^aVeearadVeV^oAatlerwkataiQsToa-etartte.
' you put your bowel* right. Take our advice; start ; «ay. lBe«dth will ««leair ftUow»n^,y»owinyie«tk« day
. with. CASCABEXS to-day, under an absolute jjuar- T??^'*^^ I^^ o^^^^'H?yi?ThM O i t CHi€AJ<r*^
antee to cure or money refunded* ' ' ldAwssx stebjllnq behedt CO., kew iobx er caitAhQ. ,
l a to t>e
> JSweH dressed
w#/i^ Is as nc6cs '
wWmW sary these
1*8 Siw tmcs as ft is '
W$ H easy. A do!-
y Jar a week.
1 If will procure a
| M - very swell and
1 II very service-
> M a^Ic suit of
i clothes, tailored
rigfht up to the
ho jr. Latest spring im-
portations "to se ? ect from. ;
A.'C). i w\VvTa\Wwft Co.
128-132 Ellis 3t.>Sai\FoiKlsco.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
• BAN " FRANCISCO. May
>. 6. 190L— 1>R NG TOT KEE.
/\ 210 Stockton «t.: For 12
fg jk years I hava been a enffer-
K| J fe> /J tr from a cancer, and bav«
C*^ jfi' hav* several ' operation!
V— > V/^ performed by the most re-
JS^L^^k ' s * nowned pbyBtcIaiiB In this
State, and belnir Informed
A*^' JBs&Bl lt wa * licuraLle hr.d
'j&fi%5lJ given up all hope when a
V&iFm&B&yTfr Uke mifferer whom you had
***i3ai£53>^ cured julvlsed me to con-
" rait you. I did mo? and
am happy to My that after five months' treat-
ment I am entirely cured, and only too pleased
to certify this to any one who will call upon
me. Tonra truly. NELLIE WALDSTEIN. 633 ,
Golden Gat* ave. •• ¦ . - .• -,;.«• '- :-.* - '..-•¦••
MISCELLANEOUS.Several deals in southern oil lands are
reported. The Paris Oil Company has
Bold property producing about 1200 barrels
per month for S30.000. This Is in the north
western extension of the Los Angeles
field. The purchaser Is reported to be the
Los Angeles and Pacific -Railroad Com
pany. An Eastern syndicate is reported
by the Los Anseles Times to be dickering
with the Superior Oil Company for hold
lags on a basis of $200,000. On the prop
erty are two completed wells and one in
oil sand. The company has given an op
tion. The principal holdings of the OJai
Oil Company in Ojal Valley. Ventura
County, are also likely to be sold to a
Boston syndicate for $100,000, as reported
by the, Ventura Press. A syndicate of
Boston capitalists Is credited with having
taken an option on 1200 acres of the com
pany's 1547-acre tract for $100,000. The
syndicate has been incorporated with the
name of the Olga- Venturis. Oil Company.
Association to Meet.
Ventura was the first county in the State
to produce oil. The well, No. 6, drilled by
Thomas R. Bard in the "60's, is still yield
ing. Nearly 500 wells have been sunk In
the county and about 2iw are on the pump..
The annual meeting of the California
Petroleum Miners' Association will be
held in its office in the Mills building in
this city June 4. Directors will be elected
and committees will be appointed to pre
pare a new constitution and. by-laws.
An Interesting article appears in the
London Petroleum Review, which deals
with the proposition of Texas oil entering
England in competition with coal for fuel.
The Review says:
First, in regard. to geographical position the
Texas fields offer distinct advantages. They are
•wlthln easy reach of the 6ea, being only thir
teen miles from Port Arthur, which has direct
communication with the Gulf of Mexico. No
situation could be more favorable from a Eu
ropean point of view, and it will be England
and the continent which will be chiefly bene
fited. The other fields from which supplies of
liquid fuel can be drawn are Russia and Bor- ,
neo and, hitherto, the figure- at which it has :
been possible to deliver oil to this country has
been prohibitive bo far as its general applica
tion Is concerned. Freights alone have been
too high to permit of the fuel being-sold at a
commercial price. We are quite aVare that :
small Quantities have come in and are used :
to a limited extent, but the question here is j
the possibility of its general adoption in what
ever direction that is possible. Will the open-
Ing up of the Texas fields accomplish this?
¦\Ve are Informed — though we nave not yet been
favored with the actual figures— that this Texas
fuel oil can be landed in England at a much
lower figure than that from other sources.
In Eastern Fields.
The Oil, Paint and Drug Reporter gives
the total production of on in the pastern
fields of the United States for April as
follows:
The total oil production during the month
of April, as reported by the pipe lines, was
4.S12.421 barrels, of which 2,791,932 barrels was
of the Pennsylvanian grades and 1,520,189 bar
rels was of the Lima quality. The . total
ehowed a decrease of 77,654 barrels, and that
of Ohio oil an Increase of 32,119 barrels. The
deliveries during April amounted to 4,357,638
barrels, showing an Increase of 3272 barrels.
The deliveries were made up of 2,954,188 bar
rels Pennsylvania oil and 1,4U3,6:.O barrels Ohio
oil. The deliveries of the former showed an
Increase of 68,631 barrels and those of the lat
ter a decrease of 65,359 barrels. The total
nocks In possession of the pipe lines at the
close of April were 2S,615,981 barrels Pennsyl
vania -oil and 15,910,636 barrels Ohio oil. The
former showed a decrease Of 160.119 .barrels
and the latter aa increase of 301,774 barrels.
Confidence in the Future.
The best evidence that there is confi
dence In the future of the Retroleum in
dustry of California is given by the con
tinual additions to the list of incorpor
ated oil companies that propose to do
business In the State. Ten such are re
ported as having filed the necessary pa
pers within the last few days. It also will
be observed, that the fields that have been
demonstrated are being extended in sev
eral parts of the State. The Los Ange
lenos have completed their organization.
Wherever there is a legitimate oil pro
ducing company in the State confidence
Is expressed that the present low price
for oil will not continue. The oil boom
in Texas will not permanently interfere
with California, according to the views of
the most conservative oil men. The wild
prices indicate how little chance the small
investor has to engage in oil enterprises
In Texas. Land is held, so it is reported,
at from $25,000 to $100,000 per acre In the
Beaumont field.
Refineries Are Extending. .
The new stills of the Sunset Oil Refin
ing Company at Los Angeles will be in
operation within sixty days. The present
capacity of the plant Is 25,000 barrels.
"With" the new stills the capacity will' be
enlarged to 50,000 barrels per month, which
is about one-half of the total monthly
production ¦ of Los Angeles- Having this
In view, the claim is made that the mar
keting problem in Los Angeles Is near so
lution. The American Refining: Company's
plant at Los Angeles is also expected to
resume work. There are four other refin
eries operating that help to take care of
the flos Angeles output. The Herald says
that it is plain that if these refineries
should be ail put in operation at full ca
pacity within the next sixty days, as now
ftems probable, there will be a demand
tor oil that will surpass the product of
the local field. There is a movement at
Los Angeles toward the refineries because
-their product is meeting with ready sale
at good prices. ¦ The Sunset refinery. In
addition to turning out distillates and as
phaltum. Is manufacturing illuminating
and lubricating; oils.
Profit to Holders
Several Deals Bringing
¦ ... . . . . / .. ¦,..^~
English People Speculate on
an Invasion of Petro
leum.
Eeported.
OIL LANDS ARE
SOLD FOR COIN
Men Asked to Give Strict
- < Attention to Their
/. Duties.
A plat- of the National Guard encamp
ment grounds on Laveaga' Heights, Santa
Cruz, has been prepared and furnished to
the division commander. Upon it are
marked the locations for the various or
ganizations that are to be-in camp. The
hospital corps is on the extreme north
western end of the camp; east of, and in
front, are the division headquarters, adju
tant general's headquarters and the en
gineer officers' quarters. ' The Sixth In
fantry is east of these headquarters; then
in rotation are the Second Infantry, Fifth
Infantry, the First Infantry and the Sev
enth Infantry, the latter on the extreme t
northwestern end of the grounds. The I
battalion of artillery is located just south
of the First Infantry, the • signal corps
just below the Second Infantry, and the
cavalry squadron and the horses south
west of the signal corps. The Third Bri
gade headquarters are at the head of the [
Second | Infantry, the Second Brigade j
headquarters at the head of the. Fifth In
fantry, 1 and those of the First Brigade at
the head of the Seventh Infantry. The
plat shows how the regimental, company |
and detachment streets have been laid |
out, and also ' the locations of the mess
tents and other buildings requisite for a
first-class camp. The parade and drill
ground Is on a plateau opposite. the loca
tion of the Second and Firth infantry.
In General Orders No. 4, issued yester
day, all the troops heretofore ordered to
Camp Gage are direcced to report to
Colonel D. E. Miles, assistant adjutant
general of the division, not later than 3
o'clock on June 15. The camp will be
formally opened at 4 o'clock by the rais
ing of the colors and the firing of a na
tional salute. .'_....
'Squadron of Cavalry.
The four troops of cavalry will be organ
ized into a squadron under command of
the ranking cavalry officer present.
The signal officers and signal corps of
the three brigades will be consolidated
and commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J.
C. Evans, chief signal officer of the di
vision. ¦ • i
The sanitary corps^as detailed to the
respective regiments will be consolidated
under command of Colonel W. D. Mc-
Carthy, and a - general hospital will be pro
vided.
Transportation will be furnished upon
request by Colonel F. J. H. Rickon, di
vision quartermaster. Transportation will
be allowed only to those who reach camp
not\ater than Sunday evening, June 16.
The families of officers and men desiring
to visit the camp can obtain transporta
tion for the regular full fare one way and
one-third added from place of residence to
Santa Cruz and return.
The orders say further: T
The performance of jn:ard duty is a test of |
the discipline and intelligence of a command,
and a strict .performance thereof will be re
quired at this camp. To this end no unneces
sary guards will be required, but there will
be a grand guard made up of details from the
different commands with a lieutenant colonel
as field officer of the day, which guard will be
the "exterior guard" of the camp. The com
manding officer of each brigade, squadron and
detachment will maintain a suitable guard
around the quarters of his command, provided
that there shall always be at least one sentry
in each street dividing commands, one from
the other; one sentry at each guard tent, and
one sentry at or near each of the kitchens.
Such, guards will be known ..as "interior j
guards," and their entire duty will consist in
looking after the prooerty and the good order
of the camp. Should occasion require the use
of a patrol or provost guard the grand guard
Trill furnish it. The attention of this command
is called particularly to the proposition that
a guard is not primarily for the purpose of pre
venting any infractions end disregard of orders
among themselves; for we are all supposed to
understand and obey these orders: but the
guard 1b for the purpose of protecting our
property, and It is a necessary part of the dis
cipline and drill incidaat to camp life which
fits us for duty Iryfiie field when a guard is
necessary to protect our lives as well as our
property frcm our enemies. .¦
How, the Men Will Dress.
The fatigue uniform of blue will be worn j
during the encampment on all occasions of |
ceremony with the fatigue cap and not the
campaign' hat, and on other than occasions of
ceremony khaki uniforms and the campaign
hat may be worn at the option of brigade com
manders.
During the encampment tents must not be
marked or written upon or injured in any man
rer and nails must not be driven in tent poles, j
and great care must be taken of all property
in the camp to save it from, injury or loss. ¦
-The dally routine will be announced in due
time, and the object of the general command
ing will be to consolidate the hours for work,
and also the hours for "off duty,'. 1 and e\ - ery
officer and man In the division Is expected to
work equally hard during both hours. We all
take a pride and an interest In our military
proficiency,* and that pride Is only to be kept
alive and that interest maintained by a strict
and intelligent observance and performance of
duty. Let every officer and man understand
and fee! that the good name and reputation of
the division and the various commands com
posing it Is in his keeping, and conduct himself
accordingly. A strict attention to our military
duties, when required, will give a wholesome
flavor and relish to our hours of play, while
a slipshod performance of duty is not only to
our discredit, but destroys the pleasure of our
camp life and subjects, us to the. .ridicule of
the public. All are therefore requested to do
even more than they have In the past to make
this camp a successful one.
. Ball cartridges will not be used during the
encampment except by those companies desir
ing to make their recor-J in skirmish firing; and
each company Is requested to furnish sixty
rounds of blank cartridges per man for use
during th« drill exercises and field maneuvers,
as there Is no money available to furnish this
ammunition, -tj >
During the encampment there will be no
troop or company . drill*, but short setting-up
exercises each morning after reveille, which
will be at 6:80 or 6 a. m. After breakfast sick
call and police, duty, then field maneuvers,
brigade battalion and regimental drills will
constitute the military exercises aside from, the
usual guard mountings and dress parades. So
far as at present advised, there will be but
one review, and that will be on the day the
Governor officially visits the camp. .--
The following orders "were Issued from
the headquarters of tho Second Brigade
yesterday:
The troops of this brigade will parade In un
dress unlfcrm on . Memorial day, Thursday,
May 30, to act as escort to the Grand Army
of the Republic
The commanding officers of the First Infan
try Regiment. First Battalion of Artillery,
Troop A Cavalry (dismounted) and Signal Corps
(dismounted) will report with their commands
to Captain E. H. Plummer, U. 8. A., grand
marshal of the Memorial day parade, at the
Lombard-street entrance of the Presidio at
10:30 o'clock a. m. sharp. . •
¦ - Orders for .Parade.
» The commanding officer. Fifth Infantry Regi
ment, will Issue the proper, orders for the vari
ous companies of his command to • parade In
their localities. • ¦ / • J ."
In accordance with General Orders Nos. . 1
and 6 the target practice season will open May
1, 1901, and close December 31, 1901. •
The commanding officers "of the First and
Fifth Infantry regiments and First Battalion
of Artillery will make arrangements as to the
days upon which the record . practice of their
commands will be held, and detail - officers to
Inspect same when a regular Inspector of rifle
practice cannot be ' present. ... ." "¦ .
The commanding officers of Troop A, Cavalry,
and the Signal Corps will designate the days
upon which such praetiee 'will be held and will
report to these headquarters the dates thereof.
Major H. A. Wegener, will' inspect Troop A,
Cavalry, and Major A. A. Hanks the Signal
Corps. ¦¦¦'..
The brigade staff will hold ¦' Its practice on
the I last Saturday, of the months of June and
July, August and September, at Shell Mound,
at'2 o'clock, o. m. .. -• ' ' -• v ,
The brigade commander desires to take this
opportunity to express his congratulations to
the members of the Second Brigade for their
attendance,' soldierly appearance, rood . order
and attention ¦ to duty on the occasion of. the
parade in Ban Francisco, May 14, 1901, in honor
•f the President of the United States. ¦
The following la.the score of Company I
of the Fifth Infantry at L4vermore on the
18th inst. at 200.: 300 and 500 yards. It is
the best • aggregate . score s made by ¦ any
companyof the National Guard. .The total
was 604, and the Individual scores as fol
lows:
Corporal Stewart' 66, Corporal. Ayl ward 65.
Private Conceit C3, Captain Warner 62. Private
Jaccard 62, Corporal^Toung 61, Private 2 Beck
61. Private Henry 60, PrlvaU Wllmot 66 and
Privit* Crane M. ¦
National Guard Are
Agreed Upon.
Sitesfor Organizations of
GETTING READY
FOR CAMP GAGE
THE SAN:, FBANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, MAZ 26, v'1901;
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.'.
. Do you want to make $IOO ?
I can do it for you, or I can make
$1000 for you. 1 Have a propo-
sition onhand that ought to pay
10 for. I. It depends on you
whether you invest $10.00 or
$100.0O. Get in with me NO W v
JAMES R. T. ¦EBSBpiV '
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
S3T , S38, 539, BSO PARROTT BDG., S.F.
SAN JOSE OIL EXCHANGE J8& ta .fi
lands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. B3. C. ROD-
WICK, Manager; telephone : Main 147; 26 N.
First St., Sen Jose, Cal. ¦
OIL-fATER.
W.W. MONTAGUE &GO.r
MANtra'ACTURH
IRON PIPE
FOB Olli WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINKS.
TANKS
> FOR OIL, /FOR WATElC FOR CTAKIDS
PLANTS.
, ' , RAN , FRANCISCO. .
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
IMUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
9 <: © 10S1 KA13UT t8t# 6:k47a ' B-'-Cal. i
\ ¦ ' . Xjf- - The Largest Anatomical Museum In the V
M JL . World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
* HcSaS) disease paaitively cared by the oldest T
% IPgl Specialist on the CoasL EsL 36 years. 0
iJAtt&l OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN }
jTstjvsB Consultation free and strictly private. \
I YSSf ¦ Treatment personally or by letter." A A
B flr n H 1 Po*Mv* Curt in every case undertakeiv - . \
ml \\m w nte for Book, PBILOKOPIY mt A
I II . Ill MtKrllACK, MAILED FREE. C A f
Q 1^ valuable book for mm) J...,'.'.' , ' Jk
JDB. JORDAN * CO., 1051 Market St.. 8. P. y
YOU'LL HAVE DANDRUFF ALL YOUR LIFE
-'" .'.;¦•'' "'¦¦'¦¦'¦¦- ' •_. — - — — — '¦—; UNLESS YOU— — — — -—— "¦-
KILL
gerni; Prof Urina of "the great Charity Hospital, Ham-
burg, Germany, the European authority on skin diseases,
>— x .^^^l \] FT I A TO O C\^^ See the Dandruff Germr
WAS BALD AS BILLIARD BALL. " not .only kills the dan- ill«
Some time ago all of my x hair came out; I mean by this DRUFF GERM, BUT IT ALSO wiwllir* 0 V\*MSMi
that I had no more hair on my head than there is on a bil- v ' . K+^E^iis*
Hard ball., and my scalp had the shiny appearance, that A I !_»---_ II,^Li M >i I mm Ii»mIi1ii ?- •"
looked like I chronic baldness. ' On April 6 I purchased a A113VS 1 L C ll 1 Fl H 1 F1S 1 3 fl 1 1 V • HMlthy "**•' l^.^^^ K***
bottle of "Newbro's Herpicide," and exactly 20 days after _ J, O ... J •
I had hair all over my head that was a quarter of an inch * A ¦ ¦_ \ m '¦¦ IJ „ •' r? * CU *- CM1/ &Q t. • See the germs that eh»-
long; and as Thick is one-would desire. To-day my hair is IVIakGS 113 1 T' SOl L = -QS OllK. IpSS^^-SKS ter axoimd and eat at the
as thick and luxuriant as any one could wish. iTiV4IVW.3 I IU11 L^UH WO . fenor extremity ; "B," in- toot of the hair. U It any
FREDERICK MANUELL A ternal layer; "C, root of wonder that yotir hair falls
Maryland Blk., Butte: • * "' X . - . '¦- ~ \ the hair. g out? . __
w p , nclvvctDC WITHOUT DANDRUFF HAIR MUST if — ~
WAS BALD SIX YEARS. GROW N ATI IRAN VI IIXBIRI ANTI Y ST0PPED FALLING HAIR.
I was bald six years, and had tried all kinds of : "cures." y^^^ W^. I Lit JILL I, LUAUIfMHI I L I Half bottle of Herpicide cured my dandruff and stopped
but without any benefit whatever. November 16,1899,1 -I - my hair's falling out. .
commenced using Herpicide, and in three months a fine ,, . . , MISS MARIJOLE "BALDWIN
gr u™^u™' tdm head ' NELS PETERS0N - No of her hair preparation ||Q|Mp ; . ¦ -----
a? » hair finftwPR even claims to kill the dand- ~
- .• AS A UAIK uKUWtK. . . p uu t-U (. CURED IN FOUR MONTHS.
iH|S|p^^^ii^ r V, fS"^ 1 ' reason that fo h , ( n^^*^*^*
hair tonic it is the finest! know of. A. E LANIER. al] Of theiTl We^ ITiade before my SC ?,V "*? T , ,7 w
¦ Representing D. B. Scully Syrup Co., Chicago. "" Ul IMCI1I WCIC IMOUC UC1UI.C. • many different preparations the _last two years, but none
Denve, coio __^ thQ ; ,. makers-'kn.ew that dand- "*ZlX£ cff "' but h Sss%osa m^han.
bad no BAiR on top. ruff is a germ disease. 1
• One customer of ours who did not have a hair on the top : ' TIPF IfiHTFITf HlIR DRFSSTNff
of his head when lie began to use Herpicide now has a fair. ; MOSt " haiY tOniCS" are SCalp imtahtS, &£^S$£!& J \ A I
start toward a good head of hair," after using four or five r -j--; A • 'a**. '.-A* iu • c t-i i. " : i t. • Half a bottle of Herpicide cured the dandruff and stowed
bottles. :H. SWANNELL & SON. j^ n0 8pJ?.ff.^PQ^y?^:^*^. 1 ? -' U >»6 -CO try my falling hair. Herpicide, I find, is a most delightful
Champaign, 111. .! . >o Clire dandruff Unless VOU kill the derm 'dressing for daily toilet use. -,
— — IU cui c uaiijii uii umcab yuu Kill uic germ,. Gladstone. N. D. ANTHONY W. LINK.
' 'INFALLIBLE FOR DANDRUFF. ': and the only known t __
I consider Herpicide an infallible remedy for dandruff. . , • .- ... ,~ * . EiriTMI. HUD lltfn niNnDfTCC
Portland, Or. : ?$ w. a. hathaway. cb ipr TIF^TR^YFI? OF THT HF A HI V rALUWtt DAlft Ani; UAnyttUrr.
. r: 5UKt.UL5IKUY(LK.yr IntOtAULY. My and myself have been troubled .with .dandruff and
rYrci i cmt n AivnmiFF nipc ' -H AN riRI IFF- AFUM 1^ faIHn * h ™ for several y ! ars -- We had tried differcnt rcme -
lAtfcLLhWl UAWllKlirr tlJKb. ! .UJ\[\Uj\l)lT ULulVI lO dies without success untir we tried Herpicide, two bottles of
I find Herpicide an excellent scalp cleaner and dandruff " . -' . " • which made radical cures of dandruff and falling hair.
cure. MRS. A. GUERIN. H_7 \\f W3 E& £\ 9 £^ Victor. Idaho. C. H. REED.
IHNIiniTPF VFRY RAH « n h- pt^ V^ n « DOCTORS INDORSE BERPIC1DL
lfAPtllKlJrr TCKI DAU. v .. ¦;¦ HJ |7 lib JJ ||^| T%^T I have used Herpicide for dandruff and herpes of the
I certainly had a very bad case of dandruff and find it gg R f\ l g"^ ll >| ll'i m scalp with excellent results. I shall prescribe it in my prac-
greatly benefited by by the use of orne bottle of Herpicide. ' . T"~* H m n ™ ¦**•' "¦. "^ ¦— • ¦ tice hereafter. " J. T. FUGATE, M. D.
Livingston, Mont. •-- — LIBBIE WAKEFIELD. -y — ; — — — ¦ — — — — — ¦ — : y . Urbana, 111.
AT ALL DRUGGISTS' I DESTROY THE CAUSE ~^ I
ONE DOLLAR A BOTTLE YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT
OCEAN TRAVEL.
\ Pacific Coast Steamship Co. -
» • i Steamers . leave Broadway
*w^ • a ' •' .j Wharf, San Francisco: '
ijfOita^- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
¦ WJBlh *" May 1. 6. 11. 16; 21. 26. 31,
; raa^»SiS5*Bifc. June 6. ChanKP to conopany"3
' steamers at Seattle.
i WgSg|^\wl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BffiBZ*5SS3ll C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
¦ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
»nd New "Whatcom (Wash,)—
• *:~"^* U a. m.. May 1. «, 11. 16. 21.
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. » a. m..
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 r a. m. _
For Los ' Angeles. *¦¦ calling at Santa ¦ Cn":
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hu»neme, San P e « r0 6 : Eas * S J?° *£*
dro, •Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, .9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
F L or n Ensenada. . Magdalena' Bay. Pan Jo^ del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Kosa-
lla and . Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m., 7th each
For further Information obtain company's
The 7 company reserves the right to chanc"
Fteamers, sailing dates and;hours-of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).'
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. . .
¦¦¦-.¦¦-¦¦ 10 Market at.. Pan ¦ Francisco.
Only Steamablp Xjlsxe . «e>
% PORTLAND, Or;,
And Short Rail Line from Pctland to all
points . East. Through' 1 l;kets to all
pclntW, nil r»n «r»"«te»»ni«*il-i -iH rail,' at
. :¦.. XjOTVEST / 3EY~A.*X*S3S. ' '.<
BTEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA.. Sails June 2, : 12, 22. July 2. 12
gS.-QEO.--W.' ELDER.;............:...... •••
...... ....Sails May 28, June. 7, 17. 27. July 7
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.S.F.
American line.
NEW T0HK. SCOTHAMPT0H. - LONDON. P1RI8.
Stopping at Cherbourg,' westbound.- •
f .From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m. •
St. Loula... :..V.June' 5 St. Paul:.:... ....July 10
St. Paul....... ..June 19 St. Louis ."..'.July 17
'St." Louis ."..:. .V.June 26 St." Paul.. ?.":.. August 7
• RED. "STAR- LINE."
. New -.York and Antwerp. ,
From' New Tork • Every Wednesday," 12. noon.'
•Zeeland'.^.'./.^.Juhe 5|*Vaderlan<J' June 26
Friesland.:..:.".:june 12 Kensington" :.".r. July S
' Sou thwark ..;.. June 13l*Zeeland." — . — July 10
. 'Stop at Cherbourg.' east bound.' :
" INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION "CO.; ' , -
• .. CHAS.. T>. TAYLOR, -
General Agent Pacific Coast,' SO Montgomery at.
ADVERTISZTJffENTS. ' H
ua.auajl^ ll m\^^jgffly^f|^|^tpJawagrafeig;.'^^B3. ?
AVILD" GOOSE MINING 'AND TRAD-
ING COMPANY. ' - " .
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. Pi LANE.
¦ TELLER, QOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR- j
¦ ENCB, ETC.
... f. SAILS JUNE 1.
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
senger Accommodations.
" EO Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome,' assuring .
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
and operates the Wild Goose By.
Heavy Machinery, Barpes, Etc.', Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market st.
UR. PIERCE S ELECTRIC BELT;
• America Ahead of the World In Electrical Inven- '
• ttonsl Everybody knows this I Our new Hody-'
' Battery, (.1 J. 8. Pa tent) is strictly an American ;
; Invention— THK Bolt of the Century. -It sends a,
, powerful, revorslble current through the human ,
, body fntra H.-ii<t to loot, curias Chronic and.
, Nervons Diseases and Weakness of ilale or Female .
. as if by Magic. - So positive are we that no other <
• belt is the equal of " ])r. l'ierce's," that we will fend <
>lt OS APPROVAL for comparison with any belt 1
; now sold in America. " Seeing Is Believing." '
'. ¦ NOTE. — We never send belts "On Trial," there- <
. fore hi ordering "Dr. Pierce's" I no rlilc is rnn of <
• contracting Hkin i»Ueat«e or 1 other Disorders by*
• using an appliance prevlonnlr worn bv other'
I pemons. (Tall, or nend a 2c. 6tamp for new "Booklet '
;Ko.2.^ Address: PIKRCIi lil.ECTBICCO.;
.1145 nro'iilw^r, -'—larffh K'. >»wVnrlf,«
Or 2O6 ' Post . S t,, ' San Francisco,
Dfi. HALL'S REIN YlGORATORfraragj
¦ Five hundred re'ward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret'- IM^'BRa
remedy stops al} losses in .21 hours,- -' "¦' ¦ ts
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- g| W£A
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, ;-, TtS , WJtji
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all bijj ifo&A
wasting effects of self-abuse or - < 31 KSffi
excesses. . Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3'; ittrmmmnflM
bottles. So, guaranteed to cure any case. * Ad-
drees HALL'S MEDICAL v INSTITUTE,- 855
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073'^
Market St., 8. F. .. All private diseases quickly
cured. • Send for free book.- , " .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON " STS.— RE-
•nodeled and renovated. - KIN Ov WARD &
CO.' r European plan. 'Rooms, • 50c to si 60 day ;
SS to $8 week; SS to $20 month. "Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all night
, OCEAN TBA VEL •
Pacific Coast. Steamship Co.
fe NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY 0FiPUE?LA
> wm)saa
From San Francisco May 26
r:na«ctlng at Seattle with the Company"* Ntw
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
: For Nome Direct \
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made live trips to Nome laat
year, being one of the first to axrlre there*.
.landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap • or material delay.'
• For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICR
4 New Montgomery street.
OOODALU PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Acts.
- - v ',. M Market street.
ULvdiSlVO.O*VU. ZEALAND jko SYDNEY,
W^ * DIRECt LINE TO TAHITI.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
• New Zealand 1 and Australia.. *
.............Thursday. May 30 ib'a." nu
SS. ZB3ALANDIA (Honolulu only)....
-;"¦.:.:.'.. .....Saturday.' June S, 2 p! m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti..............;...; .
'• .......Sunday. June 30," at. 4 p. :m.
J. O.SFRECXELS k BROS. CO , fisnsral Agents, 327 Market SI
Qsn'l Passenger OfSca, 643 Hirk-.t St, tier lo. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM , NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To .Valnaralso, i stopping at Mexican. Central
and South . American ports.. Sailing Fremont-
street ¦wharf, ,12 m. ,.; » .- -,. -
PALENA ......June 71TUCAPEL .....June 27
COLOMBIA ...'.June 1?|AREQUIPA ....July
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral r and South z American passenger service
fNo change at Acapulco or Panama.) I Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
, BALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO./ Gen. Agents.
bay . Ain> " aryiat steamebs. ',
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD ASD VALLEJO.
.' Steamer " Montlcello." '
MON.. TTJES.. WED./ * THTJRS. AND SAT.
it 9:45 a. m.. »:15, S:30 p. m. (except Thors-
dc" night); Fridays, 1p.m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and offlc*. Bils-
•lon-it Dock. Pier No. «. TelepboM Mala 150S. :
OCEAN TBAVET*.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
—FOR—
NOME, MICHAEL
:>. 'And lil Points on Yukon finer..
Sailing Date* Subject to i-s.np
From 8an Francisco. Trora S«attla»
May».. S. S. "PORTLAjrj>
Jnn« 1 S. 8. "ST. PAU1/' June I
May IS.. *S. 3. "OONEMAUOH" ...Jon* lfl
•"CONEMATJaH" carries freight and Ut*
stock. -No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and otbar par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPA3TT.
S10 Eansoroe St.. San PYanclsco.
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WTLI, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brazman streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
ES. AMERICA MARTI. Wednesday. May 3. 1991
ES. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June K.1901
SS. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at, company's ofac*.
431 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIS GENERALS TSANSATLAHTIQU3
DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . j.^^_
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, ~-"«3*»«
North River, fcot of Morton street. flA Bre-
tagne, May 30; La Champagne, June 6; »La
Lorraine. June 13: 'L'Aqultalne. June 20.
First class to Havre, $35 and upward. Second
class to Havre. S4J and upward. GENERAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 and CAN- .
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York: J. F." Ft'GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlrkets sold by »11 Railroad Ticket Agents.
, 'Twin - Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA R, R.^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, ?105: Steerage. $40.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
S. S. Argyll sails Monday. June 24
S. S. Leelanaw nniln Mna-Hy. July IS
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
Iliilpolieai
QBAPE-3TTJTS.
WOULDN'T SELL IT.
Her Pore and dear Complexion. Not
for Sale..
A CorneU glrl.vruM p<rit on a Grape-Nuts
' diet and discovered some facts. She ¦ays:
"While a student at Cornell I suffered
from Improper diet ' The banquets and
other social functions — with their rich re-
freshments—served to completely upset a
6tomach already weak from rich pastry,
highly seasoned meats, and confections
furnished by loving parents at home.
"1 became Irritable, nervous and my ap-
petite became more and more capricious.
Only rich, highly , seasoned food suited
me. and this further wrecked my health.
I was sallow, having loet my pink and
white complexion. I became dull eyed
and dull brained, the victim of agtxrjlzlng
dyspepsia and Intestinal trouble.
"I was finally forced to leave school and
came home an irritable, wretchedly tick
girl. The plainest food disagreed with
me, and I bade fair to starve to death,
when a physician < advised my physician
to put me on Grape-Nuts Pood diet To
make a long story short, the transforma-
tion from wretched Ill-health to gx>od
health was marvelous. I liked the new
food so well, and it agTeev* with my tor-
tured stomach perfectly, regulated my
bowels, my headaches left, and the color
of the skin eradually prew better. In
eight; months I found myself roey, plump
- and strong.
¦"I would not sell my clear complexion,
bright eyes and general good feeling for
the costliest, rlcheat mess of Delmonlcan
pottage. . ."
"I. returned to Cornell,, finished my
course, and can now study, think and
live. . The food that enabled me to regain
my health' I shall . never J forsre*." ' Name
furnished by Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., at
Battle Creek, Mich. ',NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given -In the left
hand column and , the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
at the day. except when", there are ~ but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coa«t Survey charts, except when a
minus ' (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from tho depth
given by . the charts. The piano of reference is
the mean of "the lower low .waters. . . ¦ ¦ . ¦
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM' SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic ,.' Office, • TT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San • Francisco, Cal.,'
¦ May 25, 1901. ]• ''\ ,-. . >• -. ;•.,¦
¦ The time ball on the tower of the new, Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.,-- at noon of the 120th meridian, or at a
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. • , ¦
,¦' -¦¦¦,.-.¦¦ '•¦/ -.¦¦¦•.. J. C BURNETT,'.
Lieutenant,' ,U. 8. ¦ N., retired, in . charge. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 25— Stmr
Nippon Maru, from. San Francisco, ¦ via > Hono
lulu, 1 for- Honekongr. , • . • , — <> . -
NEW YORK— Sailed May 25— Stmrs Mesaba,
for London; La' Gascogne, for Havre; Amster
dam, for ' Rotterdam; .Umbrla, /for; Liverpool;
Pretoria,' for Hamburg; Astoria, for Glasgow. ;
¦ YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 23— Stmr < Indra
vllle, from Portland, ' Or. ' - . '• .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 25— Stmr Georglc,
from New" York; stmr Camoanla, from, New
York. , Sailed May ¦ 23— Stmr Etrurla, ; for^ New
BREMEN— Sailed May 25— Stmr Friedrlch der
Grosse,- for New York; via Southampton. cA*f**j
K ANTWERP— Sailed May 25— Stmr Frlesland/
for New Yorkr.' ;,"" ¦ >.' ". >• - ' ''v.- ¦ ¦ . ¦
HA VHB— Sailed ' May i 25— Stmr, La Cham
pagne, for New York. ¦ ..,.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 25— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, for New York.
• NEW YORK— Arrived May 25— Stmr Staten
dam, fromiRotterdam. ¦ «, • ; ":
OCEAN STEAMERS.
COMOX— Arrived May 20— Shio Glory , of the
Seas, hence May 8.
PANAMA— Bailed : May 20— Br Btmr Colombia,
for San Francisco. •; .
i QUEBNSTOWN— Arrived May 24— Ger ship
C H Watjen, ! from Oregon. Sailed May 22— Fr
bark Euirenie Fautrel," for 'Antwerp. -
I LEITH— Arrived May 24— Br ship Cromarty-
Bhlre,' hence Jan 24.- - , v ,
MANILA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Ohio, henfie
May . 16. f.: Sailed— Stmr Pennsylvania, . for San
Francisco. ¦ V ¦('¦'"'I
NANAIMO— Arrived May -24— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Lou Angeles..
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 25— Stmr ¦ Ventura,
for San Francisco. 1 ; ' .•' ¦
NEWCASTLE, Australia— Sailed May 25— Br
stmr Royalist, > for San Francisco. .¦--„•. • ;
YOKOHAMA — Arrived . May 21 — Br stmr In
dravelll, from Astoria.;
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 24— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco. ¦ . .
SEATTLE— Sailed May 25— Stmr HxfrdeB, for
San Franclaco., '¦..¦¦¦ ;.'
SAN PEDRO- Arrived May. 24— Schr Ludlow.
from Port Blakeley; schr A M Baxter, • from
Port Ludlow; .Bchr. Fred J Wood, from Grays
Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 25— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skaguay ; < stmr Robert Dollar, hence May
20. Balled May 24— Schr Ivy, for Nome.
SAN PEDRO- Sailed May 23— Schr Excelsior,
for Port ; Blakeley; May 25— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco. : ; " .' ; , ¦
FORT * BRAGG— Arrived May 25-Stmr Na
tional City, hence 'May 24.
• CRESCENT CITY— Sailed May 25— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco. .. . •„ ¦. ' , •>. : .. .
EUREKA— Arrived May 25-Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria. - Balled May 25— Schr Bertha Dol
becr, for San- Diego; stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro; schr Chas K Falk, for San Francisco;
•tmr Pomona, for San Francisco. ¦
• SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 25— Schr Mildred,
for Ballard. . : . , «
-NEAH BAY— Sailed outward May 25— Schr
Ivy, for Nome,' schr W F Jewett, for Hllo;
bktn ¦ Retriever,' for San Francisco ; stmr Hya
des,-for San > Franclaco. •:¦¦•.. •.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 25 — Stmr . Columbia,
hence May 23. SaII%d May 25— Br ship Ful
wood,' for West Ccnbt. ' ¦ .... ,.;¦•¦
NOUMEA- Sal led May 19— Bktn Wrestler, for
Puaet Sound. S '¦'.'.-. •• ¦;•,¦'.'¦¦:¦'.',:
DOMESTIC PORTS.
May 11, 5 N lat, 27 W Ion— Br «hip Waver
tree, from Portland, for Queenstown. May 21,
61 N lat, 15 W Ion— Br ship Ardencraig, from
Portland, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. May 25—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind south; velocity 16 miles per hour. J
Saturday, May 25.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr TVestport, ' Brlckson, . ' ¦ • • *
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, St. Michael, r
Btmr Crescent City. Payne. Crescent City. :
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno. >
U Stmr Valencia. Graham, . Seattle. . • - • ¦ > , •
Stmr Conemaugh. Baring, Seattle and St.
Michael.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Bowens Landing. . ¦
Stmr South Coast, I Olaen, Eureka.
U S Btmr Lawton, Magune, Manila, etc.
U S Btmr Gedney, ; Dicklns, cruise. :
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross. <
Schr Lena. Sweasey. Forest, Mazatlan.
Schr Bender, Bros, Wetzel, Flshermans Bay.
. Schr Berwick, Pearson, — .
, , TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr North 'Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Chas
Nelson Co. ¦ , .
Mex stmr Mexico, Von Helms, Seattle; J.
von Helms.
Ft bark Francois, Arnadtizu, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Nor Btmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemalnus; R.
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Bark Amy Turner, TVarland, ¦ Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Bark Santiago, Engrails. Hilo; J. D. Spreck
els & Bros. Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J. Pinet
& Co. ¦ . ¦
Schr Bonanza, Smith, whaling; H. Llebes
& Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, May 25. •
Stmr* City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc.;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. ,
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, 8t. Michael;
Northern Commercial Co. i
Stmr Valencia, , Graham, Seattle; Pacific
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 55% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48 hours.
Stmr South Portland. Hall, 4 days 9 hours
from Tacoma. j
Stmr Mackinaw, Uttlefleld, 79 hours from
Seattle.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 15 hours from Stew
arts Point '.
CLKAREIX .'•;¦: .
ways Monday and the bark Himalaya on
the Spear street dock Tuesday. >Both ves
sels will be cleaned and painted. '
'¦—* ¦ •¦ ¦'. ¦
Shipping : Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
v Saturday, May 25.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. ' .. ' • ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦. , . ¦¦ ;
Stmr Newbura:, Peterson, 75 hours -from
Grays Harbor. , bound, for San Pedro. • Put In
to land passengers. I • ¦ . '. ¦- ¦ -
Company has a lumber yard and store at
Teller, and a warehouse, store and safe
deposit at Nome. The Arctic will take
north supplies and merchandise for both
these places.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
The Hawaii will load lumber at Chemalnus
for Taku, 70s, prior to arrival; the Yosemlte,
wheat 'at Tacoma for West Coast.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipment of Grain.
The. Franca ship Francois cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 10,676 ctls
wheat, valued at $10,675; 55,578 ctls barley, val
ued at $52,800, and 22,000 ft lumber as dunnage,
valued at $300.
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The barkentine Tropic Bird cleared yesterday
for Papeete with a general cargo valued at
125,709. including the following:
148 sks bran, 7592 lbs beans. 28,560 lbs bread,
235 ctls barley, 69 cs canned goods, 40 cs coal
oil. 3337 lbs green coffee, 44 coils cordage. 33 cs
dry goods, 9 cs drugs, 1575 bbls . flour, 57 pkg
furniture. 202 pkg- groceries and provisions, 9
drums gasoline, 12 pkg glassware, SO pkg hard
ware. 80.510 ft lumber, 2100 lbs lard, 7 pkg ma
chinery, 28 cr potatoes, 26.SS0 lbs rice, 545S lbs
sugar, 255 cs, 10 pkg salmon, 202 cs soap, 4112
lbs salt, 9 cs shoes. 70.000 shingles, 11.695 gals
wine, 10 pkg wagon material, 20 ctls wheat.
Want the Advance Freight.
A novel marine case is shortly to. be
tested In the courts. A couple of years
ago the Nome Beach Lighterage ana
Transportation Company was formed in
this city. It purchased the barken tine
Catherine Sudden and advertised her -to
sail for Nome with merchandise. A con
siderable sum was collected in freight
money, but the cargo was never deliv
ered, as the vessel got caught in the ice
and was nipped. The Frankfort Marine
Insurance Company had a number of
risks on vessel and cargo and It considers
that the Nome Beach Lighterage and
Transportation Company has no claim on
the. freight money paid in advance, as the
goods were never delivered. It will ac
cordingly try to recover about $2600 from
the corporation.
The Overdue Fleet.
The following were Lloyd's quotations
on the overdue fleet on the 15th inst. :
British bark Manchester, 275 days out from
New York for Yokohama, 83 per cent; Brit
ish bark Aladdin, 187 days out from Java for
Sydney, N. S. W.. 65 per cent; American ship
John McDonald. 249 days out from Baltimore
for San Francisco, 90 per cent; British bark
Llnwood. 190 days from Manila for New York.
15 per cent, and British bark Lydgate, 144
days from Swansea for Port Plrle, Australia,
7 per cent.
Water Front Notes.
The collier Hordag which went on the
rocks In Oyster Harbor, is to be tempor
arily repaired at the Union Iron Works.
Only work that is absolutely necessary
will be done and the vessel will then re
sume running between here and the
Sound. When the strike is over she will
be completely overhauled.
The ferry steamer Tiburon will go on
Hunters Point dry dock on Monday. Her
run on the Tiburon route will be taken by
the J. M. Donohue. - .
The bark Inverneil will go on Boole's
_ : : __ __ ! . _ _:—:: — : _— — —
STEAMSHIP ARCTIC. BUILT FOR THE NOME TRADE. SHE IS NOW NEARING COMPLETION AT FOLSOM- ¦
STREET WHARF AND WILL, GO NORTH WITH A GENERAL. CARGO FOR THE J. S. KIMBALL, COMPANY •
ABOUT THE MIDDLE OF NEXT MONTH. * t . ~." ' ;
TRANSPORT LAWTON SAILS FOR PHILIPPINES
TO ENGAGE IN THE INTEIRISLAND SERVICE
THE army transport Lawton sailed
for the Philippines yesterday and
will call at Honolulu and Guam on
the way. The crew of the transport
do not expect to come home again
lor many moons, as all of them signed
articles before the United States Shipping
Commissioner for an eighteen months'
cruise. On her arrival at Manila the Law
ton will be placed in the interisland ser
vice and will be kept there until it is
necessary to send her home for an over
hauling.
The Lawton took away 24S men of the
Eleventh Infantry, twenty-four members
of the hospital corps and one signal corps
man. besides the following officers of the
Eleventh: Major J. E. Macklin, Captains
J. M. Blackford and C. E. Dentter. First
Lieutenants Ei Macklin and H. E. Eames
and Second Lieutenants YV. C. Jones and
J. P. Robinson.' Acting Assistant Sur-
. peons Major "W. Bower, Captains TV. H.
Winterberg, J. TV. Madam. J. M. Wheate
and J. S. Fogg were also passengers.
Some of the following cabin passengers
are the wives of officers and the remain
der are school teachers and army clerks:
J. TV. Taylor, R. H. Nealey, Mrs. J. E.
Macklin, Mrs. Ed Macklin. Miss M. A. Relfen
r«.th. Miss J. A. Read. Edwin E. Fisher, S. C.
Newson and wife, Clarence A. Perry, iW. L:
Mitchell, wife, con and daughter, C. V. West,
H. J. Marrion, J. E. Huber. Mrs. J. M.
Wheate. child and nurse. R. A. Smith, Captain
n. P. Faunt Leroy of the Marine Corps. Miss
E. B. Peyton. M. Weise and W. B. Clark.
- The Lawton left the transport wharf
promptly at noon, but she did not sail for
an hour later, as it took that length of
time to adjust her compasses in the up
per bay. She is the only transport that
has sailed for Manila this month.
FLEET LEAVES FOB. NOME.
Three Steamships Sail "With. Passen
gers and General Merchandise
for Alaska.
The exodus of gold hunters began in
earnest yesterday. The rush was not "very
noticeable, as the vessels of the fleet were
widely scattered and the people down to
see them off were not bunched as they
were last year. The first vessel to get
away was the Conemaugtu She carries
freight and livestock only. Nearly all of
the cattle will be put aboard at Seattle,
where the steamer will call on her way
The Portland was the next of the fleet
to sail. She left Fremont-street wharf
promptly at 2 p. m. with more than 4.00
passengers. Nearly all of them are em
ploves of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany and will be landed at St. Michael.
Many of them will man the river boats
and others will relieve men who have
been looking alter the company's inter
ests all winter. Zll; ,
The Valencia of the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company's fleet left the Arctic Oil
"Works wharf shortly after 5 p. m. Among
her passengers were:
Monroe Salisbury. Mrs. J. M. Lane. Mrs. G.
Taylor, Mrs. W\ A. Clayton. S. Shain and
¦wife Helen Wakefield. Mrs. J. A. Rockefal
lon. Mtss B«echer. J. M. Collins, Miss B. Col
lins. Thomas Paynton. R. B. Harlan. C. A.
Kelly. H. G. Jones, J. J. Clement. E. John
son. F. M. Tracy. F. C. Fellows. A. P. Mor
daunt and Mrs. O. Eaton.
The Ruth was to have sailed last even-
Ing, but owing to laie arrival of cargo she
will not leave until 10 o'clock this morn
ing. Among the passengers who will sail
on her are:
W* H Black. N. S. Vestal. H, P. eqnlres,
H Harris R. L. David, W. Smith, W. H.
Mann. D. B. Llbby and son, George Bunker,
TV. Bunker and M. Estcy.
The Portland goes direct to Nome via
St. Michael, but the Ruth and Valencia
will call at Seattle to pick up passengers
who have booked there for the voyage
north. '
Ke-w Steamship for Nome.
The J. S. Kimball Company has a new
steamship for the Nome trade. She has
been named Arctic and is now nearing
completion at Folsom street wharf and
will sail about the first week In June. She
!s 15S feet long. 32 feet beajn, 11 feet deep,
and was built at Coos Bay. The KlmbaJl
TO ; ARRIVE.
% Sun, Moon and Tide.
United "States , Coast 'and 1 - Geodetic Survey—
Times . and Heights of: High . and Low
Waters at .Fort Point, entrance ', to ; San
Francisco Bay. Publlshecl . by offlcial ) au
, ¦' ' thorlty . of the Superintendent. ¦ ' .¦:
'¦¦ NOTE— The ' high ' and • low : waters occur at
tho as city ( front - (Mission-street ¦• wharf) ¦ about
t wenty-flve minutes later • than ¦ at ¦ Fort | Point ;
the height of tide, is the game *at bjpth places.
SUNDAY. MAY. 26.
• -¦ The .Supreme Court .yesterday
that Mrs. P. '; H. :: McClelland 'could, not
have ;the. $280 she' wanted from the Peter
Hanson i estate - for. pies, | cakes . and soups
which she had ; given the . deceased. Mrs.'
McClelland admitted that • she had • given
the pastries to Hansen out of the kindness
of. her heart, and It was only when he had
passed away that ' she ¦ thought , about • re
muneration. ; -i '
Lost Her Pies, Cakes and Soups.
: - The Supreme Court yesterday added an
other to the many decisions resulting
from litigation in regard to the Jerome
Painter estate in reversing the Judgment
'and order of ¦< the Superior * Court, which
decreed that Theodore Painter, the son',
was : responsible for. money ., Involved In a
• dispute with Jerome B. Painter In connec
tion with the typo and die foundry. The
contest, has blasted' for more than. fifteen
years. ;•¦¦ ,. • . ¦ . • ; ¦ < .<- =• a ..;."'...- .¦;¦ , •
Decision on Painter Estate.
. Special train, select party to the Pan-
American Exposition, visiting en route
the Grand Canyon. Kansas City, Chicago,
Pltts-burg, , Washington, Philadelphia, New
York, Niagara Falls,. Colorado -Springs,
Pikes Peak, Denver and Salt Lake, with
one full - week at the Buffalp Exposi
tion. Swell dinner while you travel,
b«st hotels. when you stop. Train. Pull
man's latest. ¦ Starts June 3. * Full particu
lars at Santa Fe Office, 641 Market st. •
Pan-American Exposition Party.
Mrs. Mary O'Leary, the wife of a street
car conductor, residing at 50 Tiffany ave
nue, swallowed carbolic acid last night
about 9 o'clock and died two hours later,
after suffering 1 great agony.*
¦ Mrs. O'L>eary was but 22 'years of- age.
Her suicide is supposed to have been due
"to domestic troubles. The Coroner's depu
ties are investigating' the case.
Domestic Trouble Causes Suicide.
Of the California Shoe. Co.. has placed 2000
pairs of ladies' shoes and ties on the table
to' be sold to-morrow (Monday) for 50c a
pair. These . shoes are good sizes, latest
style toes, made of the very best material,
worth $3.00 every pair of them; all cele
brated makes. Ono word about this special
sale. You' can pick them yourself, of
course. No one person will be entitled to
more than two pairs at 50c a pair at the
bankrupt shoe sale of the California Shoe
Co., 1M6 Market st., above City Hall' ave.»
W. F.'Plpher, Hecelver
THE SAN FRANCISCaCAI^; SUNDA^ MAY 26, 19Q1;
21
l*Rl rises ...............'.....'...................'.4:50
lun eets 7;22
loon. Mtl, ....;.;....... ••••*•"• •••0:64 p. ra.
Time Time
Date Ft.
L W ¦ II W
26 .. 0:41 2.1 6:29
27 ... 1:38 - 1.6 . 7:40
28 ... 2:24 .1.2 8:44
29... 3:04 0.8 9:42
30 ... 8:42 0.4 10:36
81 ... 4:18 0.0 11:20
1... 4:53—0.3 12:05
Time ¦
Ft. Ft.
¦ L VW ¦-.
4.1 12:11 .1.2
4.0 1:04 1.6
4.0 1:46 . 1:9
4.1 2:26 2.2
4.3 3:03 '2.6
4.4 3:42 2.8
4.5 4:16 3.2
Time
Ft-
H W •
7:09 5.6
7:61 9.6
8:27 5.7
.9.00 5.7
9:33 5.8
10:00 6.S
10:29 5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ruth
Kureka... ,r. ..
City Puebla...
Santa Rosa. . .
North Fork...
Mandalay ."...
Kambyses....
San Bias '.
O. W. Elder..
Alliance......'
Bonlta.
Pomona.......
S. Portland...
Amer. Maru..
Arcata. .......
Queen.:.......
: May"2O.. .
Golofnin i & Nome..
Humboldt .......:..
Puget Sound Ports
San, Diego :.';.../..
Humboldt ....v. ....
¦ May 27. : >?.
CoquMle River - ....
-v- May2S.. . i
Hambfr | & Way Pts
Panama &¦ Way...
Astoria & Portland
Ptlnd & Coos • Bay
Newport
Humboldt ..........
I May 29. ;
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.
China & Japan.:..
Cooe Bay... ...'..
San J Mego
May,3O.-- •
Seattle & N. • What
Nome via Seattle.
Sydney & Way Pts
' .May 31. .
8«attle & Tacoma.
Puget Sound Ports
-June 1. »
Newport .;
Point Arena ......
Nome ' via* Seattle.
10 am j
9 am
11 am
9 am
9 am
4 pmj
12 m
12 . m
11 aro
¦9 am
1:30 p
[s.w. 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
I Pier 2
I
Pier 27
PMS8
Pier 24
Pier 16
Pier U
Pier I 9
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
1 pm
12 m
s am
Rainier...:...
J.'S. Klmball.
Marl posa. '...:.;
S pm
3 pm
10 am
Pier • 2
Pier •. 2
Pier 7
Czarina."...'..'.
Walla Walla:
3 pm
11 am
Pier 8
Pier'. 9
Corona........
Point Arena. .
St. Paul.......
9 am
2 pm
Pier 11
Pier : 2
Pier —
Steamer.
Destination;
Sails.
Santa Ana...^.'.
Humboldt.;....
Dolphin :....;...
Centennial..'.';..
City of Seattle..
Roanoke........
Senator."."..;.*.'..
Dlrlgro... ¦.;......
City of Topeka.
Valencia,.;..;..
EllhuThomps'n
Oregon. ;:.':..T:*
Mome & St. Michael...
Rkaguay &.Way Ports.
Skajruay^ & Way ; PortB.
Ncme& Port Clarence.
Skaguay & .Way PortB.
Nome ,& ; St; i Michael. ..
Nome ; direct.'. ;".. . . .'.".". .'.
Skajruay & "Way Ports.
Skaguay & ."Way. Port*.
Nqme ; direct •;...; ;...". . .
Nome ¦&, St. J Michael .;.-.
Nome i & Port Clarence.
May 27
May 27
May. 27
May 23
May 29
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
June 1
June | 1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acapulco.?. '.*...*
, Wash tenaw . '. .V
Alliance..:.:...".
Wyefleld. ;.."...
Queen:...;.:.:..
Pomona.t.. '...".'.
Coo« Bay.-.'..-'..
Rainier.........
Walla "Walla...
Curacao...:..'..'.
Fulton...'.......,
Panama and Way. Ports
Tacoma * . .'. . .'.'. : . . .', .'..:: .
Portland & ; Coos ¦ Bay.
Nanalmo ; ...'•
San i^DleBO ,'- :...".'..:.:...
HumboWt „..'.:. :r.:.:.'..i
San % Pedro I :;.' .'. . .'..'... .'.
Seattle '< & N. iWhatcom.
Pugret » Bound * Port*.; . ; .
Mexican-' Ports ; .......:.
Grays Harbor .........".
May 28
May 26
May 2if ;
May 26
May 28
May 28
May 28
May 23
May tl
May 27
May 27
Leolanaw
DelNorte
Aljfoa ......
City 1'oklng....
Hyades.. .......
Arcata...
Czarina....;..;.
Eureka
Sonoma
City of Sydney.
Rival I
Columbia.......
Crescent City...
Corona.. \.
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Progreiio........
Grace Dollar...
Bmpire...
Umatllla.
North Fork..,..
Australia
V. T. via Panama.......
Crescent City 7.
Oyster Harbor ..;
China. and Japan
Seattle
Cooa Bay ..:
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Sydney, & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Port*.
Wlllapa Harbor ........
Portland and Astoria...
Crescent City
Newport
San Diego ...........
Point Arena. .....
Tacoma ".....i
Orays Harbor ...
Coos Bay ;.....
Puget Pound Ports......
Humboldt
Tahiti .:. .:.:... ..•••
May 27
May 27
MaySS
May 23
May 28
May IS
May 29
May 23
May 29
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May M
May 30
Juno 1
Jus* 1
June 1
Leolanaw
DelNorte
Aljfoa ......
City 1'oklng....
Hyades.. .......
Arcata...
Czarina....;..;.
Eureka
Sonoma
City of Sydney.
Rival I
Columbia.......
Crescent City...
Corona.. \.
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Progreiio........
Grace Dollar...
Bmpire...
Umatllla.
North Fork..,..
Australia
V. T. via Panama.......
Crescent City 7.
Oyster Harbor ..;
China. and Japan
Seattle
Cooa Bay ..:
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Sydney, & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Port*.
Wlllapa Harbor ........
Portland and Astoria...
Crescent City
Newport
San Diego ...........
Point Arena. .....
Tacoma ".....i
Orays Harbor ...
Coos Bay ;.....
Puget Pound Ports......
Humboldt
Tahiti .:. .:.:... ..•••
May 27
May 27
MaySS
May 23
May 28
May IS
May 29
May 23
May 29
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May M
May 30
Juno 1
Jus* 1
June 1
Time Time
Date Ft.
L W ¦ II W
26 .. 0:41 2.1 6:29
27 ... 1:38 - 1.6 . 7:40
28 ... 2:24 .1.2 8:44
29... 3:04 0.8 9:42
30 ... 8:42 0.4 10:36
81 ... 4:18 0.0 11:20
1... 4:53—0.3 12:05
Time ¦
Ft. Ft.
¦ L VW ¦-.
4.1 12:11 .1.2
4.0 1:04 1.6
4.0 1:46 . 1:9
4.1 2:26 2.2
4.3 3:03 '2.6
4.4 3:42 2.8
4.5 4:16 3.2
Time
Ft-
H W •
7:09 5.6
7:61 9.6
8:27 5.7
.9.00 5.7
9:33 5.8
10:00 6.S
10:29 5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ruth
Kureka... ,r. ..
City Puebla...
Santa Rosa. . .
North Fork...
Mandalay ."...
Kambyses....
San Bias '.
O. W. Elder..
Alliance......'
Bonlta.
Pomona.......
S. Portland...
Amer. Maru..
Arcata. .......
Queen.:.......
: May"2O.. .
Golofnin i & Nome..
Humboldt .......:..
Puget Sound Ports
San, Diego :.';.../..
Humboldt ....v. ....
¦ May 27. : >?.
CoquMle River - ....
-v- May2S.. . i
Hambfr | & Way Pts
Panama &¦ Way...
Astoria & Portland
Ptlnd & Coos • Bay
Newport
Humboldt ..........
I May 29. ;
Seattle ¦ & Tacoma.
China & Japan.:..
Cooe Bay... ...'..
San J Mego
May,3O.-- •
Seattle & N. • What
Nome via Seattle.
Sydney & Way Pts
' .May 31. .
8«attle & Tacoma.
Puget Sound Ports
-June 1. »
Newport .;
Point Arena ......
Nome ' via* Seattle.
10 am j
9 am
11 am
9 am
9 am
4 pmj
12 m
12 . m
11 aro
¦9 am
1:30 p
[s.w. 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
I Pier 2
I
Pier 27
PMS8
Pier 24
Pier 16
Pier U
Pier I 9
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
1 pm
12 m
s am
Rainier...:...
J.'S. Klmball.
Marl posa. '...:.;
S pm
3 pm
10 am
Pier • 2
Pier •. 2
Pier 7
Czarina."...'..'.
Walla Walla:
3 pm
11 am
Pier 8
Pier'. 9
Corona........
Point Arena. .
St. Paul.......
9 am
2 pm
Pier 11
Pier : 2
Pier —
Steamer.
Destination;
Sails.
Santa Ana...^.'.
Humboldt.;....
Dolphin :....;...
Centennial..'.';..
City of Seattle..
Roanoke........
Senator."."..;.*.'..
Dlrlgro... ¦.;......
City of Topeka.
Valencia,.;..;..
EllhuThomps'n
Oregon. ;:.':..T:*
Mome & St. Michael...
Rkaguay &.Way Ports.
Skajruay^ & Way ; PortB.
Ncme& Port Clarence.
Skaguay & .Way PortB.
Nome ,& ; St; i Michael. ..
Nome ; direct.'. ;".. . . .'.".". .'.
Skajruay & "Way Ports.
Skaguay & ."Way. Port*.
Nqme ; direct •;...; ;...". . .
Nome ¦&, St. J Michael .;.-.
Nome i & Port Clarence.
May 27
May 27
May. 27
May 23
May 29
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
June 1
June | 1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acapulco.?. '.*...*
, Wash tenaw . '. .V
Alliance..:.:...".
Wyefleld. ;.."...
Queen:...;.:.:..
Pomona.t.. '...".'.
Coo« Bay.-.'..-'..
Rainier.........
Walla "Walla...
Curacao...:..'..'.
Fulton...'.......,
Panama and Way. Ports
Tacoma * . .'. . .'.'. : . . .', .'..:: .
Portland & ; Coos ¦ Bay.
Nanalmo ; ...'•
San i^DleBO ,'- :...".'..:.:...
HumboWt „..'.:. :r.:.:.'..i
San % Pedro I :;.' .'. . .'..'... .'.
Seattle '< & N. iWhatcom.
Pugret » Bound * Port*.; . ; .
Mexican-' Ports ; .......:.
Grays Harbor .........".
May 28
May 26
May 2if ;
May 26
May 28
May 28
May 28
May 23
May tl
May 27
May 27
l*Rl rises ...............'.....'...................'.4:50
lun eets 7;22
loon. Mtl, ....;.;....... ••••*•"• •••0:64 p. ra.
SYMPTOMS OF BAD BLOOD J|J V §gt
There is a popular *belief that every boil is worth r^^^fe.
many times its weight in gold, and the sufferer WW lj||ll
patiently, even cheerfully, endures the pain under the W »n^
mistaken idea that these little tormentors are health j <^s^
promoters; that they thin the; blood when too thick, \\ ><^§liii^§§§S^
and cleanse and cool it when too hot or too rich. On 2^k^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\
the contrary, boils and carbuncles are evidence of blood | "^11111111*
poverty, or a fearfully depraved condition of that fluid. \ wC^J^L^
There may be no external evidence of bad blood until ?^^y^ at //// ' >f\^^
the warm days of spring set in motion the sluggish \^Jr m z^ £ -» > f*
circulation and the pent-up impurities, unable to escape J^ /ft
through the natural outlets, gather near the surface of . * . ,
the skin, and a Carbuncle or a Boil is the result \ When the blood is burdened with an
undue amount of this impure matter, the Boils come in greater number, eat deeper into the
surrounding flesh, and, being; nearly always located on a bed of nerves, cause the most
intense suffering. Robust and apparently healthy people are subject to Boils,. and there is
always some hidden agency at work witnin the blood arid system that will eventually
undermine the health, but those whose constitutions are broken down by previous sickness
or other causes, are most often tne unhappy victims of Boils and Carbuncles. Exposure to
the deadly malaria destroys the red corpuscles and reduces the blood to such a weak and
watery condition that it succumbs to the boil-producing poisons, an<J the pale and sallow
dangerous carbuncles, sufferer is continually iiurs- ; banefui. boiw.
*r. j. b. scott, . re.in.nt of H«ei- *?% «Jf or more _of these Kre B , M . Pratt ; Oave> s< o Bay-:
hur«t. JffUi., •vreitom : "B. S. S. cured feverish and painful erup- Box twenty years I was afflicted with
a malignant carbuncle on my neck . « v^^Li--- tj _;i 7_ boil» and carbunoles, part of the^ime'
-which the doctors had been unable to tlOnS. A Harmless JDOli IS being: unable to work or, sleep. Several
bring to a head. As soon as I bejran en—of:-,-- +!,<» tvt-P>r>n-rcrvr rtf doctors treated me and I tried • aumer- •
to uoe S. S. S. I wu reUer«dofsal& Sometimes tne precursor Or O us blood remedies, but received no
and tho dreadful carbuncle g-ot entirely r\reac\ec\ Cancer arid too benefit. During the summer of 1888 I
weU. My .kin 1b clear, »ound and OTeaaea . J^anccr, auu ioo waB persuaded to try fl. S. S. A few
smooth, and I am well today throurh often the best evidence OI 3. bottles cured me entirely and I have
ueicp a. s. s. I am 65 years old." , ¦ , j... > ,-, had no return of these painful pests."
.:<>*;;; deranged condition , of the . •>
kidneys or chronic liver trouble, brought on by lack of nutritious blood; or it may develop
into a running abscess or ugly eating sore, causing years of suffering, and often terminating
fatally. To seek relief from the inflammation and pain produced by these terrifying erup-
tions through the application of local remedies is natural and right, but # this method of
treatment does not prevent others coming, or bring the slightest relief to the disease-burdened,
deeply poisoned blood. Only a thorough regeneration and building up of the depreciated
blood can bring about a lasting cure of Carbuncles and Boils and prevent their reappearance.
S. S. S. restores to the old blood all its lost properties, re-invigorating and giving it 1 the
healthy red color that only pure, fresh, blood can have, and through this new, blood strength
Jt^m^^^ g IB^ and vigor comes to the bodily organs ; the skin resumes its
jd>^—^*| functions, and impurities of whatever character are taken
U taT^ tt t^ lL " up and filtered out of the system in nature's way.
V^^V \^V '^ # s ma^ e exclusively of roots and Herbs selected
h^^\ j i^^j l^*^ 1 M or wonderful purifying and tonic properties. It cures
s^# blood poison diseases of all kinds, whether acute. or chronic.
No. matter how long the poison may have been in the blood; j
S. S. S. removes every vestige of it,=thus insuring a faultless circulation and healthy body. ;
Those subject to boils or any skin eruption;' old sores or ulcers, are asked .to write our;.
physicians all about their disease, and any information or advice wanted will be cheerfully,
and promptly given without any cost to the patient whatever. A valuable book on, Blood
and Skin Diseases sent free., ; ; ; THE, SWIFT SPECIFIC; CO., Atlanta; i3a^
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
ipiB^lffltof^ll;: WAISTS Am
1^^^^^^^ "'tq.be sold I
«^^ 4T UNHEARD=OF PRICES f
Sr^^Jn^J v ' AN 'MPORTAlvr OFFLRIXG WELL CALCULATED TO ATIRAa SWARMS OF EAGER 1 1
Mm i^cf^uV SHIPPERS TO OUR NECKWEAR DEPARTMENT. I
It \/C(i I^ImMZ^-v^ We -have |ust received three lines of travelers* samples, con- a
fi I I I*«ulf5 JUS 8i8tin^ of Neckwear, Waists and Muslin Underwear. All oi these if
M \ wi?LJ{ goods being bought as samples at 50 per cent discount, we will sell fl
>H CJ^^FX them to you at pi-ices fan below the usual selling price. fj
H, L^j ] First we have neckwear of eyci*) variety and description, com- B
|\ I U\ll !w\_y : Posing Fancy Jabots, Dainty Over-Collars of Lawn or Grass Linen, |
I \ l|Py|lv\ . • Chenille Ruffs and Fichus. AmohA the lot are Ladies' Jabots, made I
i\h:^W**^-hC%lL ' °* best quality taffeta silk, with fancy collar of folded silk, with I
l/^5£-^ ** ; points of silk trimmed with gold braid, jabot of silk and white chif- I
wC '^^L rjn| <* *on, ed^cd with accordeon pleated chiffon, finished with {l> | r\/\ 2
H tfT^y^ ' old bl>aid » p egular $2.50 values. Our sample price -tpl»_vlvr 3
i **~~§^ ARE Y A 6 a ' n — Ladies' Linen Over-Collars, made of best quality grass r )
¦ £& ? ' AG TS F0R Hnen with black hand-embrodered polka dot, appliqued q^ A
1 '' : KV§Y- U^SlCOLE with P° 5n * de Venisc cd^e ; dainty and inexpensive 1 - - -4DC 0
1 •t^s^ UTTKE Arabian Lace Turn-Over. Colfars 15c. Many other values* |
;| : K r^y > ' ¦¦;¦¦¦•¦.¦ corsets. T ~~~~~ . . .- • ... - . ¦ . ; ¦ r ~~"~" ~ j : * I
!-• - - cur sample line of ToUinir VaFnoc Frnm fliir A
1 The Muslin Underwear Secfon. Ladies' Shirt Waists. and Shirt. 10^ §
\ Bi^£ b ?Z%^™H^Z Waist Suits Comes Next, ¦: &&2$9aSES$! I
fl ' •« / samp eime, rainy spames LADIES , WAISTS made of „ ¦ made of rood quality £\ '¦ Q
B with tempting values. .. • percale, madras, Scotch cheviot, lawns Peruvian cotton, dou- *QfiS» 9
e) rjR-^T we have LADIES' SKIRTS, and grass linens. They are all made bl *r, he / lfl and toes - H
H "made of best quality muslin, with deep after best tailor patterns, some tucked white feet, the only H
H flounce of cluster tucks alternating back and front, others plain back, full cure for tender feet / / ff&*M\ Q
8 -with insertions of lace, extra lace- front, with fancy adjustable collars ff tJ ? ev Prevent that '¦ I SfiMM\ \ H
I edged ruffle and also lawn dust ruffle: and new bishop sleeves; In striped . parning sensation, ex- I H^S?) I ij
M full length and width, well made and Pink, blue, lavender, watermelon or tra long, very elastic. i\ / fl
fl perfectly finished In every detail. Must folld black or white: sizes 34 and 36. Wonder creating \\ «S,^^ / M:
M be seen to be appreciated.. $2.98 Marked for rapid selling for 98c hT £° 'N^W^ S
n , ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ , . ¦ - Jt*n£ ALSO, X/A.DTES" t\ t> ~c* "%* » g -tf* a a »t» j 9 *
a 01 fhp I kt $£&%} iPiS? WAIST BLACK HOSE, made § %. M
¦ -¦ OCbUilu Ull.lliO Ulou . Vf&r&Sf ¦ ¦¦ SUITS,, made of of • best XX3C Peru- -«/ a
B - LADIES' DRAWERS, made of good . t i q , U * allt^ la S2i vlan cotton, double vj
D soft'bleached muslin, cut wide and . l v5ai- tucKea heels, toes and knees, warranted fast Q!
¦ very' full, with deep hemstitched ruf- ' rf?&Cj3^ « 1 « » « a uS color; no better wearing hose purchas'- B 1
I fle. Rosenberg's price always the low- feSs&Hjift fine clu t t k at 23c * Hi S hlv - special lil^C a
i " l •••••¦¦••••;;• 25e J"W^ {s^iM-Hi Handkerchiefs at Unheard-of Prices 1
I . Psttnnt Talk, . JjfOl i^-hp.ffi « t JSFI.Slr7 I) £^ !I gS!5fflar 1
I £3> -pi^Pnt^^x?^?. «J5f WHBf/// \\W^ ? V >, er^ COlla^' v. fln " We bought these from a wholesaler ft
TPT >T9 U GET « T'//l ll / r 1^** 11 !™' who needed the money, at our own 'A
' W&M ; '^ug%^ U 5s F Afv ?/// M / bo^Sirriev^ P[i«. Hence this offering to you i
' //vS^Sh "ROSENBERG'S. This . B\\\ V\ ' • gored flounce, ' °^ f
/A^C /n week we have ladies' tlil I \\\ cluster tucked. Pnconhorrr 0 Pnrcof Plonartniont a
f/W^feJfl underskirts, made of JlMV*^\ - very wlde knd nOSBnUBlg 5 bOFSBl UepanjUBIllt 1
|ft?>gS^M best crash linen, fin- jftjmi S L * Wv full; colors pink, FOR QUALITY, ASSORTMENT 8
XfrZfffcgk ished with deep accor- 4£/JZUJLjkdt> blue and tan. The AND PRICE IT HAS NO EQUAL. H
-¦.--^¦->s^gT*iJ.deon pleated flounce, , making alone if you wan t an easy, well fitting cor- H
:.. • warranted . full length would cost you se t come to U3, we make a specialty H
¦ •' and width, m linen color only. An ex- more than we ask for this suit com- o f fitting the, hard to fit. fl
1 cellent skirt to wear away In the coun- plete .:.... 85.50 . *JZC\ ¦ We are the H
9 1 "¦ ai L it saves the laundry bIlls -Note i ul nnr i Qr fn tho Rlnvo WnrM MrJy agents for tho re- ¦
I this price............ .......73c A ¥¥011061 10 IllB UlOVB IfOllQ, t'jUih NOWN LA VIDA ¦
I Sale o'Farreft-street entrance. . A' Regular $1.50 Glove for $1.00. VnF i lnd » carr y % CO S" S
HI ' " • ¦ ¦' * . plGXO IlnG Oi tills H >
m - ¦ •• ' Is what, we say of' the SOROSIS - t \ splendid corset. It H
W Fmhrnifloru Rhannoc Knt tn Pa GLOVE, and every word is the truth. 1 . \ Is made of very H
H LlUUIUiUClJ UlldllbCO llUl IU DO It Is made of very best quality picked jfft?7\JSi best French twill M
M ! .•'. '¦'• ' ¦,¦"¦ fluarlnnlrori • lambskin. "Paris Point," stitched back, . 9-«H^^J,\ cloth, bias cut. W
¦ • '•-•'-¦ UlC'lUJIiCU -. pique sewn, two-clasp. In all the new / //* Tlhj-r^. hand gor«d. cut Q
¦ v w« .Jinvft nvw K00 /^ ' "hades of tan, oxblood and black; the / /YtfvaoSJJ^ after new French H
¦ '•remnants i of ' embrolderv W^. '' only store In the city where they can [ (JK&\\ff£ models. bonad g
I -Xb^t'clmbric^E #^L _be bought; worth -twice the asking . V^MWH throughout w It h I
I and nainsook founda- l^gf prlcQ S1.00 AVSVlj 7 7 genuine whale- f\
fl 1 rTen s Sh p . sS .o°VnS', ¦ Fat People Made Thin. f^pSM SrrA-ss^sas |
a wide ...... ....15O yarfl !?^5aS -WE ALSO CARRY A FULL LINE i '"' "'. SiPSmiitUoS'flS I
9 '^^*%X£T££ g ° R ™£ ™™-™P™S -ana K for. <*&£%!%&& I
, I ¦^ScV*o^po?ffi!^^( "jf5?ssfSiffiJSSffA»afc.'.lart,-ht Not Least. f\ n I
« iy low. oughly. boned with very best highly i LADIES' t CORSET l\ JB I ft
I One Belt Department Special. |g5S* SS g c o°oX ER ?uamr de - o^ CY J I
I LADIES' GILT BELTS. W of '^^^'fgti^iT^SZ }*&%*£*$& *Jffi \lBBr 1
I wt. A cowet without equal at prices and f' neatfy \t M*M |
I neaVy r^t S bL n ckle S offlora?de^&^ •••3.25 l8hed You get your //] V^W g
i is where you get the best for the least fitted free. - money's worth here.... Cl f II \ \> &
H 50c Safe OFarre/l street entrance. Oc H
I ("JOKROSENBERG, j j
j ¦' M.nord.,-. 816 Market Street, PHB lan ji
fl Solicited. . ffUNNINQ THROUGH TO il O'FAItRBLL STItJBBT. BUILDING. 8
Good Willow Rocker, J
| Only 82.75. s |
. Get an estimate from us on g
everything required to furnish S
, your entire . establishment, n
Credit and free delivery within y\
ioo miles. "We close at six. h
J. Brilliant 9
FURNITURE CO,, jj
| 338-342 POST STREET, -H
Opposite Union Square. - <4
World Famous Mariam "ionic
f ,7 - DOCTORS' OPINIONS t .
' "Aids digestion and assimilation, re-
moves fatigue and improves the appe-
tite.'! ' .
"Sustains life for a lonsr period and
nourishes without any other food or
drink."
AH Drna&latg. Refuao Substitute*. ,
llaclwa/s
* -Purely -vegetable, mild and rellabla. Cauaea
perfect digestion, complete > absorption and
¦healthful regularity.
' For, tho cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Femala lr«
regularities. Sick Headache, BUlousntu, Con-
sttpation. Flies and all derangements ef tho '
Internal Viscera. 2Sq a box. • At I>ruggtsta t or
by mail. RADWAT & CO.. N*w Tork. '-'A newsboy on the Missouri Pacific's cen
tral branch ,the . day after the Leaven
worth mob's achievement, went through
the cars calling, "Extra edition, all about
the hazing: at Leaven worth." ¦• .--.-¦
The Stockton service will be consider
ably amplified by the new schedule, -which
will afford six dally trains from this city—
8, 8;30 and 9 o'clock morning trains and 4.
4:30 and 5 o'clock afternoon trains.
The present Visalia train now leaving:
at 7:30 a. ' m. by -way of Martinez will
make its last trip to-day, and the 8 o'clock
train by way of Llvermore will be the
Visalia train. The other changes axe all
In the afternoon service. A new Stockton
train is added, leaving at 4:30 via Mar
tinez, and a Fresno local is to leave at 5
o'clock, running via Martinez and Merced.
The latter is to take the place of the New
Orleans express so far as local travel 1$
concerned, to points on the east -side of
the San Joaquin Valley north of Fresno,
as the express will be transferred to the
Mendota line on the west side, and will
leave here a half hour later, 5:30.
."The Southern Pacific has found It ex
pedient to make seme alternations in the
train service between, this city and the
San Joaquln Valley, and the new sched
ule will "eo into effect this afternoon.
A ' Few ¦ ' Changes in Train - Service
\] / '' , -To-Day.
NEW SCHEDULE .
;:. '{Xffyf.fQfl 'SAN JOAQUIN
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and n«txralrU.
Pniffiita, (0« flask. Kichardi * Co., 401 Claor.'
- Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Hannah Ryan' against Michael Ryan for
cruelty, Catherine Jordan against Charles
Jordan for desertion, Lizzie Pobar against
John -Pobar for ! cruelty, Lizzie Kocher
against Paul ".Kocher for desertion and
Lou J.^Hesch against Katherlne F. Hesch
for desertion. '¦".• -v ', ' •-" * -. • ¦• ' ¦:¦ .. '
Divorce Suitf Filed.
Runs responsible for— Hale 2," Held 16., Home
run— Householder. , Three-baae s' hit— Lohman.
.Two-base hit— Dunleavy. 'Sacrifice hits—Dun
. eavy 2, Hale 1. t First base on errors— Los An-"
jeles 2, Oakland 2. First base on 1 colled balls
;-Los Angeles 8, Oakland 5. Le« on bases-
Los Angeles 9, • Oakland .7. J. Struck ; out— By
Hale 6, by Held 3. -Hit by pltcher-Dunleavy.
rioubl^Ttlays— Spies' to Hutchinson; Francks to
»#^nr».:.vF~Ti"V5- t"J!.»rrellanP-v to-'Decker ; to
Lohman, ' Kelly, to TJrlseno to Hutchinson, Bow
man to Kelly to •Hutchinson. Wild -pitches-^
Held I."; Rale : 1.- 1 Time " of ' game— 2 ; hours : and
80 minutes. Umpire— Uonohue. , Official scorer
— McFarlin. ( . ¦ 1 : •.¦>•.-•'¦..- ¦ . .,: . ¦ , -
SUMMARY.
In the tenth Spies made the first bag on
! a. hit.- went to^second on a combination
hit, in which C.Reilly and the -umpire
, figured. r l hen Kelly flew out, but a hit by
Bowman crowded the bags. Briseno was
out on a pop fiy and Hale^flew to Dren
nan. Arrellanes, first up for" Oakland
drove a hard one to Briseno and was safe
Dunleavy sacrificed. Francks went out
and . Arrellanes advanced to third . Then
'Moore was given a base on balls, and by
the S most ridiculous and absurd base-run
nl nS' Arrellanea attempted to steal home, v
and the side was retired. ' ,
V ¦ ( LOS ANGELES. '' ,.-' : , ¦':''¦
„ ,V ' 'J i A B - " R- BH. SB. Po! A. -; E.
Brockhoff. rf. ,. T 3 11 o <0 0 '6
,Hutchinson, lb....... 6. 3 . 2 'C 12 10
, Houceholder, cf...'. .. 5 320 2 0 '"1
Spies, c. ....; 4 , ¦ 0 ' 1 0 10 2 1
O. Reniy, 3b .6/1 2 *0 17 1
Kelly,;s.s.. ........... 5 0 1. 0 3 4 1
Bowman, If.......... 5 0 . 1 0 2 l 0
.Briseno,- 2b..*......... 4'0 '00300
Hale, p..............; 4 0 ',0 ¦':. 0 . *0 . • 2 0
> Totals ..42 ,8 10 0 .33 17 • "4
OAKLAND.
rl\''' AB - R- BH. SB. PO. A. E."
Drennan, of.......... 4 0 1 0 8 0 0
Streib., rf,... B.I 2 0 • 8 *\\ A
D«ck»r, lb.. 6 0 0 0 *12 2 1
Arrellanes, tb.. ...... S 2 8 0-8 81
> Dunleavy, If. 2 8 2 l' 1 10
Francks. s. s... ...... 4 1 11 3 8 0
Moore," 8b. .'.... .;..... 4, 0 0 1 1 4 ' 2
Lohman; c 6 "0 • 1 14 11
Held.'p....... ........ 6-0 • 1 •'.; 0 8 \ 0
, Totals ............89 - 6 11 4 33 ; 22 ~6
KUNS AND HITS' BY,. INNINGS. .
I>os Angeles...... 0 0 0 8 0 '3 0 0 0 0 2—8
¦ Base hits....... 0\ 0 ".Or 3 0 '4' 0 0" 0^2 1—10
Oakland ..........O.I 0 0 0 01' 4"0 0 0— 6
r i; Base hits....... *0 1 .'0 1 0 1 -2 4 1,1 0—11
In the eighth the Dudes had a gleam of
hope that ripened Into confidence before
the end of the inning.- Streib led off with
a hit. and scored later on Arrellanes" drive
to center. Arrellanes scored on Dunleavy's
hit, the latter going- to; second on the
throw in and to . third On a wild pitch
Francks was given his base on balls, and
while stealing/ second. Dunleavy scored.
A three-bagger .by Lohman scored
Francks. . '.- • : ¦ *'.,•.. • s
other bunch of hits, scoring four runs.
Dunleavy scored for Oakland in the sev
enth on a two-bagger by himself, an out
and a hit by Held. .
IDEAL- APARTMENTS.— Were you
thinking of spending the summer in town?
Those cozy suites with bath, private din
ing room. and elevator service will make
your stay one of comfort. They may be
secured by application at the New Roan
oke, 808 Bush street. / . *
Ver-s cures Piles, or $50 reward. For
sale .by all druggists. , • . *..--'.
Benjamin T^Lacy's yill.
The will of Benjamin T. Lacy, who 'died
on the 21st inst., leaving, an estate valued
at $100,000, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent bequeaths his, entire estate
to his widow, Elizabeth Lacy, and chil
dren—Anne, Margaret, Lyman and Sydney
Lacy. ' .•¦/' •>. ....''¦¦-.,¦
' *t ¦ '
Employing; Butchers to Meet.
A meeting of the employing butchers for
the purpose of discussing trad© rules of
the ButchersVUnlon will be >held at 117
Turk street at' 1:30 this afternoon. The
officers and a committee from the Butch
ers' Union will be present to explain their
position and answer such- questions as
mav be- asked. ' . .. -. : - '
2S0S. SIXTH RACE— Mile and fifty .yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350." j
Index Horse," Wt,' Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(24S7) Montallade, a, 103.Russll 3 11 16.16
2445 Merops, 5, .109. .....Hoar 5 6 5 1 2%
2475 Ping. 6, 103 .Stuart 4 2 4 3h 3n
2481 Burdock, 4, 107.Bozeman 2 3 h . 4 h 4 3
(24S6)Ostler Joe, a, 106-Alxndr 6 6 4 6 5 1
- 2489 El Mldo, 5, I09»Basslnger 1 4 h 2 3 6 '
Tlme-50: yards, :03%; !4. :25; %.r.:48VS: %.
1:13%: mile. 1:41; lm 50yds, 1:44. Good start.
Wen easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner D.'S Fountain's b. g..by Montana-Fusil
lade's Last. Montallade always looked the
winner. Merops came fast at the close. Ping
stepped spme. El Mldo ran a poor race.
Betting-Montallade. 11-5; Merops. 7; Ping, 4;
Burdock. 25; Ostler, Joe, 4; El Mldo, 6-2..
¦ . . . ;-.-. ."•.•«..«¦¦«¦¦«_».>.'¦» T ? .?. T..T..T-t..T..T. A
2T.O4. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
three-year-olds and up; puree, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt.! Jockey. St.' ty. Str. Fin.
(2461) Doublet. 4, 110... .Russell 6 2H 2 V, IV,
(242S)The Miller. 4, 97.Fauntly.l 8 % 3 M 2 n
(2JO2)Kt. Cuthbert. 6. 114.Alxdr 6 4 1 1 M 3 %
, 2478 Meehanus, 6, 117. ...Ruiz 2 6 1 - 4 15: 4 20
1 2485 J. Rich' lu Jr., S,.80.8hehn 4 6 -6 ..By
(2489)Mlke Strauss, 4, 102. Hoar 8 ,1 h Bled -
*Tlme— %,' :23%; %; :4S! %, l:13X.-.Good start.
rWon 'first three driving. Winner, D. 8. Foun
tain's ch. g.\by Domlno-trticy Wallace. 1 Doub
let will take some beating in his present form.
,The Miller a surprise.' -"St. 1 Cuthbert and Mee
hanus outfooted. ¦ ; • t ¦
Betting— Doublet. 1 5; The Miller, 12; St. Cuth
bert, i>-5: Meehanus, 7-5; Jack Richelieu, 100;
Mike StrauBB, 10. , ' . - -¦
25O3. ' FOURTH RACB-SIx furlongs; selling;
three-year»olds and up ;. purse, $300.
Index, Horse, W r t, r Jockey. St. Vt. Sir. Fin.
2492 Mocorito. 6, lM.Basslngr 12 5 lh 1!
249! Valoncienne, 4 a, 109.Alxdr 2 1 n 2 1-2%
2473 Duckoy. 4, 109..\...Collls «- 3 3 3 h 3 2
2459 Press Tttania, 3, 05. Hoar 4 5 5 5 5 4 %
1938 Beau Monde. C. lOS.Fntly 3 4 3 4 n 5 1
2480 Donator, 6, 111.. ..Russell 7 6" 1 ! . 6 1- 6h
24S7 Castake,.6; 113... .Romero 5 7 7 7
Time^-U. =24: J/4. 1 :48; %. 1:13%. Good start.
Won, first -three driving. Winner, J. Sullivan's
ch. m. by Amlgo-Santa Monica. Winner had
a world of | speed, outfooting Valencienne.
¦ Duckoy made a good showing. Princess Ti
tania looks light In flesh. ' Others outsprinted.
Scratched— Gllssando 109, McAlbert 111, Alas
102. Mike Rice'lOfi. Cagdale 106.
Betting— Mocorito, 5-2; Valencienne, 9-10;
Duckoy, 20;' Princess Titania, 7; Beau Monde,
Z0 ; Donator," 6 ; Castake, 30. ¦ .
25O2. THIRD RACE— One. and a half miles;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St.' M. Str.' Fin. •
2481 S. Lass. 5, 104. .....Prior 2 1 1-H lh
2488 Expedient, 4. 104.Burlgm 1 2 2 2 % 2 2
2467 Faunette. a, L 106.Alexdr 7 5 h 4 n 3 3
2474 Stromo, 5. 117 Ruiz 5 4 h 6 3 4 4
; 2437 Dr. Marks, 6, HO.Bozmn 3 3 1 5 1 6 h
2297 T. Calvort, 6. 110. Butler 6 6 3 3 n 6 6
2489 The Buffoon, 4, 109. Coll is 4 7 7 7
lime— 'i, :27; %, :52; %,' 1:18V4: m, 1:44%;
l^m. 2:1OV4; l^m, 2:37. Good start, j Won
easily. . Second and third driving. Winner, J.
Chloupek's b. m. ; by Sunbeam- Ban Lassie.
Prior put up the; strongest finish. Faunette
closed well. Stromo a disappointment.
. Betting— Sylvan Lass, 20; Expedient, 4;.Fau
nette, 18-5; Stromo, 8-3;.- Dr. Marks, 6; Tom
Calvert, 7; The Buffoon, 12.
S5O1. SECOND "RACE-Four nnd a half fur
longs; eelllng; two-year-olds; .purse, *300.
Index. .' Horse, Wt. ! Jockey. St. V4- Str.^Fin.
(2468) Escalante, 106..Alexandr 2 13 13 13
2468 Irma A, 97.;... ...Stuart 3 2 3 2 2 -2 %
2468 Porous, 100 ........Hoar 1 3 n 3 n 3 V4
2490 Huachuca. 103 ..Russell 6 5 4 5 6 - 4 V&
2472 Dlvlna. .101 ..Fauntleroy 4 6 20 4 n 5 C
2484 Glendenning, '¦ 106..Basgr 5 4 n 6 23 6 30
....Discovery, 104...Tamplin 7 7 ¦ '7. 7- ,
Time— 6-16;''' :2D%; 4V4f, :54%. Poor start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. "Win
ner, E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Amipo-
Colonias. Escalante is a remarkably fast colt.
Irma A ran a' fine race. Huachuca is pick
ing up again.* Glendenning seems to have gone
stale. Scratched— Alice Josephine 97. .
Betting— Escalante, 4; Irma A, 15; Porous,
30; Huachuca, ¦ 7-2; Dlvlna, 6; Glendenning,
13-10; Discovery, 250. - *
OAKLAND UAOETHAOK-Saturday,
; May 25, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
; fast.' . y ;"';,'
2000. FIRST RACE^-Puturity course; tell
ing; three-year-olda; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, 1\Vt, Jockey. St. tf. %. Fin.
(?422)C. Bravo. 111. RuU 1 3 3 8 n 1H
244« Rasp, 111 ..;... .Russell 3 6 h 4 ft 2 3
2422 Aphrodts, 112 ....Stuart 4 4 1 SI 3n
2476 P. Archibald, lS2..Tulletll 10 1 0 3 41 /
2491 Matilda O, 112 Prior 8 7 1 9 16 8''
2478 Parsifal, 119 .....Hafley 9 0 «i 2 h 6 1
2470 Bonltary, 109 ..Alexnder 5 2 1 10 1 7 1
2410. Count Hubert. 114.Colllsl2 12 7 2 8 2
2404 Companion, 117...8hields 2 1 n 1 1H 9 «
.... Glenlln*. 107 ...Sheehan 7 11 1 11 10 2
1876 Spindle, 111 ..BurlngrmelO 9 1 8 2 11 3
2404 Eldred, 112 ...'...Reeves 6 8 *i 12 12 , . :
Time— To V*. :21%; to H. :45%; last %. l:02Ui
short %, 1:12*4.-' -'Good start. Won first threo
driving-. Winner' E. Carey's b. f. by Rio
Bravo-Catherlne I B. Tedious delay at post.
Catherine probably best and well handled. Phil
Archibald closed strong. Parsifal won't do.
Count Hubert no speed. Companion quit.
Betting— Catherine Bravo, 7-2; Rasp. 3;
Aphrodis, 10 ;. Phil • Archibald, 25 ; Matilda O,
20; Parsifal, 12; Bonitary, 15: 'Count Hubert,
«: Companion, 8; ¦ Glenllnsr, 100; Spindle, 60;
Eldred, 100. . .
Bankers in Exciting Game.
In a close and exciting seven ] inning
game at the Sixteenth-street ball grrounds
yesterday the Bankers defeated the Com
mercial Union insurance team by a score
of 4 to 3. The insurance men started
briskly and in the first few innings se
cured a lead over their opponents. But
they were unable to keep up their good
work and in the last Inning the Bankers
bunched their hits and won the game.
The battery for the Bankers was W.
Watson pitcher and C. Yates catcher, and
for the Commercial- insurance team
Beck pitcher and Willis catcher.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. R.
HUdebrand. 1. f 4 0 10. 2 0 ,0
Schwartz, 2b 5 12 0 0 5 1
Krutr, ¦. b \ 5 2 ¦ 3. 0 2 4 0
Pabst, 1 b:: 4 0 1 - 0 13 0 0
Nordyke, r. f.. ...... '4 2 -I '0 2 . 2 '¦* 0
Croll. C. f .4 10 0 0 0 0
Graham, c ;... 4 " 1 10 4 0 *¦ 0
Roilly, 3 b 4 2 1 0 8.20
¦\Vhalen, p 4 '0 2 0 l" 0 0
Total .....S3 9 12 ~0 27 . 13 "l
. . ',. ... ¦SACRAMENTO. ' ¦;- r ; .'' v " .. ¦
An.' R. BH. SB. PO. A. 15.
Devereaux, b. b 0 -0 <)•*¦• 3 .7.1
Mcl^aughlln, 1. f .... 4^ 1 l- l-..- l o 0
Courtney, 2b...... .."4 0 ¦¦¦¦0 .0-3- 6 1
Doyle, lb & r.f......3 0 ' 1 1*4 o". 2
McGucken, c. f. .-.;.; 4 . 0, . 1 .', ft ,.' 0 '¦¦. 0 0
Hanlon, r. f. & 1 b..3 -0 1. 1 10. 0 .0
gtanley, c... ........ %"¦¦ -'0.~ 0 ; '0 , 2 • 0 0
8 b. ........ 2 ' *.O 011' 2 1'
Thomae, p ....-3'. 0 0 0, 0' 2 '• 0
White, r. f..... 1 0 0 '0 , 0 .0 0
Total 30 1 4 4 . 24 16 ~5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. - . ' .
San Francisco .2 :0 0. 0 '0 0 -2 5 •— 9
Base Hits ........2 0 0 0 0 2 3 ' B' *— 12
Sacramento ;.O 0 0 1 0 0 0 0,0— 1
"Base Hits. .:..Q 2 0 1 '0 0 0 0 1—4
SUMMARY. .
Runs reeponBible for— Whalen 1, ThomaS»»2
Home run— Krug. Three-base hit—McLaugh
lln. First base on errors— San Francisco 3,
Sacramento 1. ¦ First base on called balls—
Whalen 3, Thomas 1. Left on bases — San Fran
cisco 6, Sacramento 5. Struck out — By Whalen
2, by Thomas 2. Double play— Courtney to
Devereaux to Doyle. v Tlme— One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorers-
Rutherford. ' " >. ¦. ¦ -
SAN FRANCISCO.
, sussed of -ft good thing In this or
that race, arid they couldn't, separate
themselves from tholr' com fast enough.
The weather was cool and threatening
and tho track lightning , fast. Favorites
played In Indifferent luck throughout, re
sulting In the successive defeats of RaBp.
Olendennlng. Stromo, Valenclenne and
Meehanus. Very few of thelwlnners; ran
loose, nowever.-unless It was Sylvan L»ass,
which was very lightly, regarded for the
mile and a half event. • ¦
Undoubtedly the Drettiest contest of the
afternoon was furnished at' the close of
the six furlong handicap," with a field' of
six accepting the weights. Sent away on
even terms, Hoar on Mike Strauss started
to set the pace, but early became attacked
with a hemorrhage, falling to the rear.
"Chub" Russell astride the 5 to 1 shot
Doublet then took up the running, and
in a rub with The Miller, a 97-pounder,
and St. Cuthbert, one of the top weights,
got the verdict by a scant half length In
1 :13V4. Meehanus, the I favorite, with . 117
pounds up, found the Impost too much of
an incumbrance. ¦ . • ¦
An uncertain bunch of platers in the
opening sprint caused an aggravating de
lay at tho post before a start could be
accomplished. Companion quit f after
showing a fair turn of speed, and at the
wire Ruiz landed Catherine ¦ Bravo, the
second choice, In 'front, less than, .a
length before Rasp. • •
Glendenning, the fast two-year-old from'
the Atkin & Lottridge stable, seems to
have gone back. The youngster ruled ' a
pronounced . favorite . for the four and .a
half furlong spin, and failed to arrive
among- the first three. ~-. . ' ¦, >> ¦ '
Alexander on Escalante,- quoted at 4 to
1 In the <rlng, made the running and' won
easily in :54&, an excellent performance.
Stuart was second wlth'lrma A, less than
a length ahead of Porous, a 30 to 1 shot.
After his showing In the mile and a'
half selling affair it was quite 'evident
Stromo Is no weight packer. Shouldering
117 pounds, Ruiz dropped the big gelding
down in the' center ¦ of the cluster. He'
never bettered ¦ his condition. Jn a drive
from the paddock in little Prior, a prom
ising lad, astride. Sylvan .Lass, downed
Buriingrame on Expedient a head. The
winner was as good as 20 to- 1- in" the
ring. Faunette took the show.
TV". L. Stanfield's sprinter Valencienne
suffered defeat by Mocorito In the scram
ble at six furlongs, next decided. The
former mare had her odds played to 9 to
10 favoritism, but was outsprinted all the !
way and finally beaten out three lengths.
Princess Titania .ran fourth, behind
Duckoy.
Russell made a runaway race of it with
Montallade in the final mile and fifty
yard run. The pelding closed a slight fa-'
vorlte over El Mido, and, possessing all.
colors and sizes of speed, .blew In five'
lenphts in advance of Merops and' Ping.
Ostler Joe was cut off Just before reach
ing the stretch turn. I
Wasps Beat the Champions.
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— San Francisco
won the same this afternoon by jx wcore
of 9 to 1. It was played, during a"wind
storm that blew the dust In- clouds over
the diamond and Into the irrandstand.
Score: ?
Nearly All the Purses Go to Second and
Third Choices— Doublet Is First. ,
FAVORITES REPEATEDLY
OUTFOOTED At O AKLAN D
>«^HERI3 were scarcely, booku enough
1 In the ring at Oakland '.track; yes-;
I .terday , to aocommodato >. Intending
JJL Investor*. Everybody seemed pos-
ANGELS GET IN
ON THE SERIES
Householder's Home Run
Wins Game in the
Eleventh.
nings Result.
Dudes Tie Score in the Eighth
•H' and Two Extra In-
Lob "Angeles 8, Oakland 6.
A sensational finish marked a" sensa
tional game at Recreation grounds yes
terday. During the early Innings the An
gels seemed to be sure winners, but In the
eighth the Dudes ,tled the score and the
congestion continued for two extra In
nings. In the eleventh while Hutchlnson
was on first base Householder, the stal
wart hitter; of the Angels/ drove the ball
over the right, field fence, making the
score 8 to* 6. Percy Held occupied the box
for the Dudes. He pitched a streaky
game, allowing several bunches of hits In
three Innings. «¦'¦ .* " .
In the seconfl inning Arrellanea went to
first on a hit, second on Dunleavy's sac
rifice, third ¦ on Prancks' out, scoring on
an error by Spies. . •
The fourth inning was productlvfi of
food for the Ar.cels. Brockholt led with
a< hit and HutchTnson soon* followed' with
a slow one to Arrellanes, ' which he beat
out at first. Then came Householder with
a bunt, and' through Moore's error the
bags became filled. Spies got his base on
balls, forcing Brookhoft In, and left It to
C. Rellly to hring In : Hutchinson and
Householder .by. a hit over Francks. A
surprise followed when Kelly hit a hot
liner to Francks and doubled Spies on
third. Bowman's out retired 'the side. .
In the fifth inning Hale struck out three
Dudes in 'Succession. I Then the Angels
came to the bat and fell on. Held for an-
THE SAN' FBANCISCO CAXL, SUNDAY, M^T 26, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
22
iTaildr-madeSnits,
I New Dress Skirts,
I New Shirt Waists.
1 "^E\ To lh3S8 wh0
I IzMfo coma to San
1 -^»r Francisco dnr-
I /Twi dentIaI ¥|s|t *•
I •/Av i { suffjpst the ad-
1 / 1 >O\1 >* Tlsablltty of ex-
1 (J i^ amln!ngth9Yery
I tf I A ' fine assortment
i \ I °' ab °Y8 gOOdS
I \ I we now show.
| Y , REMEMBER,
1 SW\ y&X '«»ve!y dealers
I XL-S^^ In black goods,
| T^ "-«'— >*r and offer by far
g tha best assortment In San Franclseo.
I THE BJ.ACK GOODS HOUSE
I 1106 Market Street.'
B TEWP/fO»B SOUTH 473.
p. t. kennedTcdhpahy.
Thej7l*ooiianFnrnl?areCor(SeoT
FOLDING BEDSJ;
• ' Juat In— ft bis lot of fine Folding- Beds, '
all itylei, design* and sizes. Prices to/
. pleas* th« moat depleted pocketbook. Tou
can pay aa you please, you know. Tak* i
• your. own time— It doesn't coat you any ,
more, for we pay no rent and this great i
saving you get the benefit of. A good i
thing for you. Isn't It? We have tha mat- <
tresses and beddlnr, too: in fact, every*
thing In. the housekeeping- line to turnlah 1 .
your house complete.- . (
. THE J, NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
. " (Incorporated), - . ,
IO I 7- 1 023 Mission Street. '
Above Sixth, • San Francisco./
1 We close at ( p. m. every day but Saturday.
DKMCNULTI
rrms wtLL-Ksow^ and rklia ble old
• .1 Specialist cure « Blood Poison, Gooorrncea OlwJ.
nlllerl Disorders. Hoolt on DtaaaMg of Men, fret.
?. Y^ 2O ,f e 'V 1 Cr xi 2*ll' n^*- T^ rln '' re»«>nable. Hour*.
,9to3rta!ly;6:30to3.»er'Kii. Sundays, lo to 12. Control*
tatlonfreeandsucrediy confldentiall Can oraddxwM
P. BO8GOB MearUliTTi M. D.
Wii KsaraxBtn Man Fm.cUco, C^
W «f MCOBPOBATED MI °^ Sq.UAQC AvC. -.
Send fop our New Catalogue on^Summer Fashions forBan,Boy and Child, i
' ISMAR.
¦-.''¦' . : ' ' - ¦ . - ¦¦'¦-' .<
TheGypsy,
A Now Successful Man and the
Story of His Luck.
A Mountain Episode in Which the
vFamous Egyptian Figured.
.Ismar Is not alone favorably known in
San Francisco. - Her great discerning
powers have been put to the test In other
places, 'until she is to-day a justly world-
wide celebrity." She has become the sen-
sation and talk of the hour wherever, she
has . been. Her . solving of mysteries ' has
simply "eclipsed: all. that is superhuman.
The latest story* of her wondrous deeds
comes from Denver. .
. Recently a well-known San Franctsco
newspaper man was sitting with a num-
ber * of wealthy mlne-ownerg In the lobby
of one of the leading hotels.; In the course
of "converaatlon the name of Ismar Tea me
up, ' and - remarkable Incidents connected
I with her prophedea in Denven Said,H.
E.' Moran: "To this wonderful Gypay I
owe my; present success.'.' (He was a man
suddenly f made -rich, , who ¦ to-day is : the
possessor of a mine turning out Its thou-
sands a month.) ¦ Asked how It; was',. he
stated* that ; knocking .about the
mountains, a poor prospector, "he had; al-
ways believed In the revelations of Gypsy
fortune-tellers " for; good-. luck.'.'protection
and prosperity. At that time Ismar's name
was in; every; one's mouth in Denver, so
he went ' to '; sco '. her ; for • advice several
times, and. through her Instrumentality he
was finally put c.n fortune's track; that by
Ismar's; protection' he "-saved a mine 'that
to-day 4 Js making him rich.~ "All praise 1 to
Ismar's name!" said he. "I always v feel I
cannot do or say; too much In! praise t of
this wonderful woman." (This Is a case
where Ismar_ spent three days at Cripple
[Creek locating through, her mystic powers
'¦"a. * lead i thought to ; be lost.) Ismar - can be
seen daily at her office, 1148 Market street,"
two^doors ,below,..Weinstock* & * Lubln's.
Her"6fQc© hours are from 10 a. m.* to 5 p. m.
K^n PuSS KliM IK* 1^! jGr\^r
utrAKImtNl
"| 100 pieces BLACK TAFFETA SILK,
% full 24 Inches wide; all extra
'good heavy lustrous palltg, .
This Taffeta is a gualitB that
f would he good yalue fop $1,25
pep yard, is fully guaranteed to
wear, and as the guantltn is
limited, our customers should
makean early Inspection.
H Ml, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET;
w4nd Colors that won't
come out in the wash.
Prices and Styles that give us a
right to Crow and Crow Lustily.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
A LEADING
German Editor
OF SAN FRANCISCO
Highly Recommends Mr. Maycr*Ie,
the Expert Optician.
Mr. Mayerie— Dear Sir: The slawes you
made. for my wife and me some time aero give
us perfect satisfaction, and - are PAR SU-
PERIOR to those we have been wearing: for
years before. , I heartily recommend your
method of testing and fitting to all persons
troubled with- defects of the eyes. Yours truly.
, HANS DAMES,
City. Editor of tho Tag-eblatt.
. . Mayerle's glasses are far superior to all
others for reading or distance, weak eyes,
poor sight, headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of
vision, floating spots, pains about the eyes, be-
hind, the head or temples, nervousness, sore
eyes, discharging eyes, feeling like sand in
the eyes, cross eyes, burning, smarting, itch-
Ing, scratching, twitching, gluey or discharging
eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerie' a. plassos rest
the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve and -pre-
serve the sight. Mayerie' s • glasses are now
used by the highest United States Army, Navy
and Government ofnclals. . " .
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician,
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Also graduate AMERICAN - COLLEGE ; OP
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.)
1071^ MARKET" STREET
(Opposite Hibernla Bank). San Francisco, Cal.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether, glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
CONSULTATION; EXAMINATION AND
ADVICE ¦ FREE. :
" Telephone. South 572.'
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9.
German Eyewater, 50 Cents.
CUT THIS OUT.
Wash Fabric Su ts
yL 7~\ f° r Big Boys.
V*'.^ v y In the linen crash, in the
y&^K covert cloth wash iabric, the
/Cf^ fert X?^Yv bluish gray and the tan. You
l\ V V 1' Kil\ knov/ you pay $2.00 for such
/ J \v\T : •'MIV suits, and they're made just a*
/ k vi« • I §JP\ you see pictured opposite, with
kWf M / P rett y P ear^ buttons on the
11/ * "7jt • iL^^^ jacket; belt loops on the triu-
1 [^ nj&l I ' sers; smart summer suits to
\=M *^nl \ 9 \ little fellows bdwecn the
Cy II If ages of 7 and J 5 years.
LJ * ! 9 8c Mondav. "'
| / /\ v 300 Swell Ones.
| j / \ \ A right smart assortment of Gala-
V, Id \ y tea*, in the tzd and white stripes,
P (:• I \ \ blue and whi'e, and tHe navy and
t^ i^f whi^e; goods that you are in the
Jgla WB ha^ oi P a yi n 8: $ J -25 f:r; smartly
hfjt gotten op, with dtep sailor ecl ar;
«S • fast co'ors. Impos ible to conceive
*£ rap anything prettier than these styles.
S? ¦ R There's a bio; srhction to pick
IE J | f» om, made with wide flaring sailor
/^ fftjffi blouse, handsomely trimmed.
*^^ . ¦ 69c Monday.
___ ¦¥ j «
i j^^^^ Nk ur Summer Hat
P f° r Ladies.
. Opposite we p'cture the smart
J tailor-made Outing Hat for la-
zs ' n e w^^ te pique and
&&&&^ 1 a\ in the linen crash — a very
-=?/ smart, fetching style for. ladies.
Those that have seen it pro-
nounce it chic. The brim has
J* i a trifIc curL A ? r:at sun pro "
li tlmH^/S Rvw » tector and smart in appzarancs .
v^^wf* ' $1.06: »^r
/fuifiw!^ 500 Smart Sailors.
nt W vr m. JS "l There's a lot of smat onrs amongf
jBHrlATi^ FOR* these -00. i Sty.es worth op to $2.
if & A nwc m* lh A- ot °^ ycr V" handsome contrast
If P J^trBSl Jf +W colsr treatments ; beautifully em-
&P «^ =s===s^»v« & brcidsred shield ; the smarte t litt'e
\ f*^<&>~--^%'/' wasl rc sa^ cr suits we have
*^C tver t -ought to your notice— in
/ fe; --- "•'^ f '^^^ other words, $2 suits. Everything
/ that ' s ncw is represented in this
/^¦fv^^^^"^ 1In '» everything tha/s smart;
t <^^J^0^j^S^^^k (* everyth ng; that the fond mama
! )JiP@liliF v want5 fcf her fond;pet to^ s>
• V Jr*W?' '$L29 Monday.
i rTtK^wIn \ - 300 Wash Fab ?c Sailor Suits
i \ «5Slf J ' ¦ For Little Chaps -
\\ v\/^^^TfW| J' ' Smart coloring-, pretty stripes
tV M^j/' ' <f in bath dark and light effec s ; the
*^<tSr/ j7 usuaI 7^ c wastl ric ? uit ~"
sSLttt^^ sji/C Monday.
' ' ' ¦»- r — —
* — *— L ¦ -"
Knee 1 routers in Whi e Dack, full Knee Trousers in Linen Crash, apes
shrunk, ages 6 to'14, - 6 to 14 years,
35c> 25c,
tJhluti^(Jhped7o0M
¦in [our j hoes I
1 ?•^^^fiaa' ceipts pronouncerjudR- ' ? /^I* 1 ;^? -B
S \lil xMk. * LEN AND. WOMEN " \ || jMz. I
n I (0) f()\ are now ofofinR better* // / 'f ¦- B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.ALAM)g/)A, M«y B.i,=Joa IJookeF i»fi»fc
No. U of the Orflnd AFmy of, the Heptihiio
will attend mmnoriu\ spFvlees to»moFFow
evening In the Wrst- Methodist •.OhUFch/
Th# H§Vi Hi.. ili Dennett) Dftitopvei nig
t'hmi'h, will prs&Qh to tli§ veleifUitfi '
To Attend MemorlRl Ssrviess,
Board of Trade Headquarters,
ALAMI5DA, May 23.— Tha Hoarrt of
Trade, Alam^da's lalast morpuntlle nrgiin
i'/,(jtlon l ,liiiH Hin-'iircil rooms in tint C»ntra|
block, porntir of Puk slreot and Cantriil
iiVftniiK, for J»riii|ifiinrl<irn. All tint rut urn
Umiiuw.ftf tit" ixmnl will h«r ! trn?i««pt«d.
pervlsor Booth. Is lookort upon by a l&rge
numlKT ns tho man for ; tha placet," Hooth
1ms. ability uniiUi'hnstiOf frinndsand ha
would nmU» a>trnng PfindltJiita,
An effort ln,)Mm rna<l« to liirliipa As»
ibVsspr JJortgo |o nm for Mnypr, . hut • h«
has Mm eys on hlpger ffMrn^./rha . onjua
hfl» ml j rovpd t\ r#MW< P!«ppirnf*«lon«
ta thit uovpFncr«hlpr, find -, T'odgM. i«, too
good ftjwlltU'lHn to rulnthrlghl \mmw<M
tor .iiiftfMirrfmportftiu oillL^.tiydHllylng
Wlfh ( th# ftth^F,, » ; J .»!
When Savin MeK§b < Hss : Spelifn,
/¦ ffowfvir, 'wiien''a!f th§ .•itiei«#Fii/li8Vi.
hsd theJF/iay'theonp'WlNe^fflsn'urthe
Jjeino^ptttltt » came wilt l Bay who . ouglit
What |n"{ll||y:' iRpttna going ' fo do?
Nohoffy.lniHsjtiniilhHl.-fiHWUnn with »»
muph'»of tF#nldat(en «» lh^ four d«nuU«»
jn his, otWdti, who;8Ffl .smbftioiii to shp*
c^ed him hi (lountyiGlfFk; They ai^wsnt
him to'Fun 7of tDt* nomlnaUon fop BheFlfFi
Th w one ef th^m. they figure, « §&n su§a
6§ed;hlm, and th§ three legs feFtuflftte ean
(.'uiillHUe M dei»uile«,
to be Mayor, and when Gavin McNab has
spoken all the other fellows will say,
"Just 1 the man tha office has bean sttak-
Ingj" Whether it la \n be Dpilga or Tohln
or limrtU ur .unnti onn else, AhNal* will
pot lull, ttv.tn |f his mind In nta.lis up on
Dint Important f|uest|on» ¦
"How can Dtane hope to win as eandl
ilatH for Sheriff," a clerk In his ofHoa put
It tha nther day, "If he cannot be ranom-
Inatetl for County Clerk? The publte will
lin.uio that |f -i third form in not. duo him
h« 'has rui claim* to another and
fatter pminty nfflco, Heild** hf
wll| hriv'M fiuuuvdt. him n large numhar
nt . l.iHikiii.nitt'8 rritfinls Mlwiiilit.ha iW»Mt
tha nrexenf MhBFJlT tar At\» nflmlnatinns
m«n who,woHirt pFohfthiy mwin him for
lh« (i0iin^.0lflFK«hlpt in emr woFrti, h*
eould d» ; *iMjuiy bfitii ii.iiuitaij tmndn and
h# gPFtftlnlK weuld ffltthe pn#rot«!» &y fe«»
eemlfis.ft . "cafldldftl^ lor th§ Mmtoitiea
t9¥ §h«FJ«,"
UnitnriaVi Sunday School' Closes.
ALAMEDA, May, 25,-The Unitarian
Sunday-School closed tho term last night
with u programmo of mu»lc and ilong in
thepariorn of thq church. The partici
pants were Mies Toaspern, Mrs, MqQea
and Floyd Hlrschfeldt, who gave a stere
optlcon exhibition. ! The Sunday-school
will remain closed during tha summer
months, *
Heine says that hi« partner sold out to
him, for $400, the agreement bi'lng that he
wan not to engage in that buslnesH ' in
Berkeley for five years, Arbullch opened
another enrpot beating concern In tho for
bidden territory and must * now explain
why he did ho, »
OAKLAND, May 25.-Willlnm P. Heine
and M. A, Arbullch, former partners in a
Berkeley carpet cleaning establishment,
are engaged In a suit brought by the for
mer to restrain tho latter from conducting
a rival concern!
Sues His Former Partner.
."It must have been about that hour. that
we heard the only noise that could be
connected with the terrible affair upstairs.
It. sounded to us as if the people there
were closing, tho doors in the house, pre
paratory to retiring for the night. We
paid no attention to it, and knew nothing
of the murder until aroused by the cries
of Mrs.' HlBlopi" ,
had company at the house during the en-.'
tire evening and the visitors did not leave
until 10 o'clock.
In blood that flowed from at least a dozen
different • wounds.
"My God, Robbie; can't you speak?"
pitifully asked the grief-Btrlcken parent,
catsting aside the bloody coverlet. on his
son's body.
\ With a faint grasp the boy,, died, and
with a piercing scream Mr. Hislop ran
from the house, to inform his wife of
what had happened.
The wall of the room was bespattered
with blood, showing that the unfortunate
boy made at least a faint struggle to es
cape from his assasuln. -¦¦ ' '
Aroused by the cries of the grief
stricken parents, several of the neighbors
ran into the house, and, upon learning
of the crime, at once telephoned to the
police.
Detectives Ed Gibson and Rlordan were
soon on the scene and they immediately
pet to work to find some clew which would
lead to the capture of the murderers.
As the doors were found locked, tho
suppoKltion i* that the burglars climbed
through the half-open window of the
room occupied by their unfortunate vic
tim and started to ransack the 1 house.
Young Hislop was awakened by them, it
is thought, and as he made an outcry
they crushed his skull, presumably with
a hammer.
\ George E. Hislop, the brother of tha
murdered boy, was heart-broken and
could scarcely speak, He boro up bravely,
however, and assisted Captain Seymour
and Dot«ctlvo Gibson until they left tho
house, wh«n he broke down and sobbed
like a child, He could give no Informa
tion concerning the affair othnr than that
he had In <n in, the house* for an umbrella
<arly in the averting nnd everything ap
peared as usual,
Ho »nlrtf "My mother went to my fath
er's Dloru, hi* la her custom, ond Uotorn
leaving Minbed Hold. In riirufiilly lnl<. bed,
HImi wanted Him \9 BO vvllli Imr, Iml liu
««ji'i nu }iad h'wimi work in An twA would
raUi^r «i»P M hom«f He xMirtl^d for a
illllli Whll§ ''"'I HIM)) VVMII Hi l»:<i illlii
rn'Mfi^F H!i«?d film KoorJ»nlwln«" i ! i
ffie mpmlwrs of the CJwtran iamliy, F»t
Bi»n>jtf in the lower rial of (he h6up« In
which the erlm§ wa# committed; «f§ at ft
joss to undeFitand how th§ murder 6ould
haV6 MWtvh At/ p. tiftfftD figldi " W0
Thirteen- Year-Old Robert Hislop Found by Parents Upon Their Return From
Town With His Skull Crushed, Probably by a Hammer.
One of the most terrible crimes com- 1
mltted in this city for many years was
perpetrated last night, when Robert His
lop, aged 13, was foully murdered by burg
lars at his father's residence, 104% Haight
Ftreet. As he lay In bed the housebreak
ers, presumably fearing that be was about
to raise an outcry, repeatedly Btruck him
¦with some blunt instrument, crushing the
*kull in several places. After satisfying
that he was beyond all human
aid the desperate pair thoroughly ran
eacked the house, securing little of value.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last evening Mrs.
Hislop, following her usual custom, went
to meet her husband, who conducts a car
pet and furniture store at 341 Hayea street.
Ehe asked her son to accompany her, but
as be was tired he refused her request,
but promised to "keep house" until »he
returned. Before leaving the residence
Mrs. Hislop extinguished all the lights,
with the exception of the one Jn her »on's
room, which Is In tho front part of the
house. ¦ .
Mre. HiBlop assleted her husband In
cloBlnff his place of business, after which
they walked up HaJght street to their
home. As they reached the house Mrs.
Hislop was surprised to see a light in the
frpnt and back parlors. As she had ex
tinguished th« Ilghtu Jn those rooms be
fore leaving her none she became sus
pJeJou* and so told tier husband.
"I know there aro burglars In tho
house," *h« nervously said to her hui
»»and. "I urn nure lhat I extinguished the
lights before I left."
Without waiting to question his wifo
Mr. Hislop quickly opened tho front door
und ran upstuirit. J-ni< tIiik the bedroom,
hd found thu t>UrWH draw«rs tossed about
I ho floor «»d tlio •"'! In frreat dlsord»r f
As th« room orrupU-d l»y his »on was In
ii.nUn-t*, Mr, jjih'/|j with many m\$ifiv*
ing* < .«iii 'i in his nti*\n fin?. Tiit<rt» vru* no
rnfpon««i »nd fcurlng tin: wor«t the an**
Iiii* 1 ui Uv-T <'jwn«jrt Him QfttiT,
"Jtobtile, mv \>uy," h« Jntldly called,
"wfiy <\<>\\'\ you «n«wer mtvy
Ht I'll liiuru'WH" m rmvim». find with
fremWNitf turner* MrvlJWup ll«iHed the
pa*.
Suddenly an twlnrniitlnn-of horroF #»«
"•(¦"i i.tc iij.b §1 1 he i-Hitiii (tiii n\mwi
littrkM* \»'0y et hit mn, hl» head Mthed
'When I went home to lunch at noon
frommy office at Twenty-third avenue I
went out '.to. r the barn% to have, a .double
team hitched up to drive some people to
Seminar/ avenue, where .they: desired to
inspect sonnet property, they had just pur
chased. • Burnham had .been drinking
some and I noticed it then,' but I puld no
special; atention to that. -I drove back. to
my office 1 in a single buggy, "leading the
team.' There. I met , my . people and i we
started' out San Leandro road. '•¦; At High
street Mrs. Hurdesty, the housekeeper,'
met nie/ She was terribly excited and
said 'Joe,' as wo called , Eurnham," * wan
drunk and acting ugly, and my ,wlfe wan
afraldof hlm. ( The, housekeeper wanted
me to come up to the house at once and
aee Burnlmm. l| wa« anxious to , escort
my. customers to,' Seminary '.avenue, and
not imagining the're could be anything se
rlous* told 'Mrs,> Hardeuty -that- she need
not worry, Joe wouldn't harm anybody.
;i "But she persisted, and. I. went along
with her, As soon as I arrived home MrH.
Austin told me that Burnham was : drunk
and nbuslve. ' He hod coma into the house
«nrj - pulled out ¦ hl» knlf a," and she had or
dtred him out, .. It'seemn', that; Burnham
wan ffolng,' after, lunch, out to; a field, to
cut some hoy.' ,ThB:only horsa;,ha could
, ¦¦'•..» . .*. .
How the Trouble Started.
and dust and on his, outer coat were -the
cuts that, gave evidence of '.the conflict.
One knife thrust ho,d,gbne through, the
outer coat and had ripped into "the. vest.
¦A second cut was in the breast and a
third was on the right sleeve, where the
knife blade, slashed when Austin had
thrown, up his arm to ward off a thrust.
The, encounter, according to Austin,
there being no other witnesses, was the
result.of Burnham's.threat to kill his em
ployer-because' Austin had reprimanded
him for threatening actions toward Mrs.
Austin and the housekeeper, Mrs. Har
desty, during ills absence.
The real estate man's story of the des
perate" encounter; as he related It at ( the
County, Jail follows: ; :
'._ ?'i; backed away from him and tried to
free myself, and he followed me up across
the stable, 'thirty or forty feet, 'and out
into the yard; I struggled and warded off
the < knife ' thrusts, -but- 1'> saw it was my
life 'or his, so I got out my pistol and
commenced to tire at. him so closely that
hie clothes 'caught ! tire., I. shot at him
every tlmo he lunged at me with the
knife, but he did not «top until I put the
pistol at his neck, ana when he let go
after I fired that shot ho coolly closed the
Unite, put it Into his pocket and Dank to
the ground near the porch eteps.
1 Always Carried a Pistol.
; "I .have carried a, pistol ever alnce
I went into buslnenn and I have al
ways had a permit," Tho weapon was only
for Holf-protection, ns I often- have to
carry homo several hundred dollars at
nlshf. from my office on Twenty-third ave
nue. That Is why I had the pistol in my
pocket. -
¦ "An • noon , an I realized that Burnham
was dwid I told my wife and Mrs. Hard
est/, who had been attracted by the
Hhots, to go into the house. I went down
"I v/ent at once to find Burnham to
remonstrate with him about his actions.
He was in the barn,. some distance from
the house, and >waa packing his clothes In
a vnllse. I said; ; 'See here. Joe, you must
not get drunk and "frighten the ladles
around. the house. You must act like a
gentleman.' , ,
"He drew his. pocket-knife out and
opened it. I thought' he was going to use
it in his packing,.- but he Jumped toward
me, saying: *
•• 'You — . I'll kill you,' grab
bing me by the coat and making a lunge
at roe. " . y • \v ..' >'¦ ¦'("'"!, -',
A Savage Attack.
take, th? others being in use by me. was
a ihrec-yeur-oM colt that was Just broken
to harness. He. wanted Mrs. Hardesty to
V,o alcng and hold tho colt while he was
at work In the field. ' Mrs. Austin told
htm he\couldn't do that. Then he be
came ugly and pulled out his knife.
Judge Ogden to-night, upon motion of
Attorney George W. Reed, admitted Mr.
Austin to ball in tha Hum of 110,000. .A
bond wan furnished in that amount by
William O. Henihaw and Dr. J. R. Laine,
each qualifying for 110,000. Austin was re
leased from custody, Judgo Ogden ap«
proving the bond. ¦ .
The knife Burnham used tn his fight
with Austin was found in the dead man'*
troupers' pocket, covered with blood. It
is an ordinary shell-handled tool, the long
est blado being ground down to a sharp
point, •
Burnham was of heavy phystqua and
larger than Auntln.
The records of the Alameda County Jail
throw more light upon Burnham's career,
and this episode is not the first one In
which he played a part as a knife wielder.
On October 12, 1899, he was sentenced to
a year's Imprisonment In the County Jail
for stabbing Gustave Neteon, an Iron
worker.- at Emeryville. Burnham had
been drinking: and made an unprovoked
attack on Nelson in a saloon after abuslns
and threatening the woman who conduct
ed the place. Some time before that Burn
ham clubbed an old man into insensibility
during a roWovcr a calf in Redwood Can
yon.
Burnham was 52, years of age and a na
tive of Massachusetts.
' "I do not know much about the man,
except that he has a slater in the East,"
said Austin. "He told, me that he once
stabbed a nULn." 'Ut^sTPwt
Burnham had been employed last fall
by Austin and left, returning a couple of
months ago.
Austin sent at once for hi» attorney.
George "VV. Reed, and pending his arrival
from San Francisco Attorney George
Jackson took charge of his case. Austin
stands well at Kast Oakland, having an
extensive business and bearing an excel
lent reputation as a law abiding citizen.
His offices have been at 1101 Twenty-third
avenue for many years. Ne*s of tho
shooting spread so rapidly that before he
reached the County Jail many of his
friends were making efforts for his re
lease. .
Burnham Had Served Time.
to Harrlfon'* and he telephoned for the
Sheriff and Coroner. I waited awhile and
then drove eut to the Seminary avenue
place. 1 told my customer* that I had
just killed my hired man and they would
have to excuue me. When I drove back
to High Ktrret Edmund Oaten told me he
was a Deputy Sheriff, no 1 surrendered to
him and gave him my pistol..
"Thnt in the story. I t-an only nay that
I am heartsick at the thought of having
taken a human life, but it was my life or
his, and mine comes first."
PRINCIPALS IN FATAL DUEL BE
TWEEN A REAL ESTATE DEAL
ER .ANDHIS HIRED MAN.
TREAD OF BURGLARS WAKENS BOY FROM SLEEP
AND MARAUDERS BEAT HIM TO DEATH IN BED
YOU cheat, you coward, you thief,
you rogue!" excitedly cried Mrs.
Kate Uurke, addressing Attorney
Charles Nagie In front of the Em*
ma Sprcckels building yesterday
afternoon, at the same time emphasizing
her remark! by vlgorusly lathing the ob-
Ject of her wrath with a big horsewhip.
Again and again the whip fell, despite
the effort* of Nagle to prevent It, and the
woman only ceared to ply the rawhide
when her etrength began to fall and the
Mtorm-y telzcd an opportunity to grasp
her arm and wrench the whip from her.
A large crowd had been atracted by the
Bound of the woman's voice, but no one
seemed Inclined to Interfere.
Mrs. Burke stood panting, but triumph
ant, after losing her weapon, and contin
ued hurling epithets after Nagle, who
quickly made nlo way to his office In the
building. The angry woman was then
escorted "throug-h the crowd by a police
man and sent on her. way, evidently re
-
WELL-KNOWN LAWYER AND THE WOMAN WHO CREATED A SENSA
¦ TION DY PUBLICLY HORSEWHIPPING HIM IN FRONT OF THE
KM MA SPRECKEL8 BUILDING ON MARKET STREET.
i ¦
Jolcing. Another policeman dlspertted the
crowd, which was compelled to leave with
out gathering any information as to the
cause of the row.
Mrs. Burke is the proprietress of the
lodging-house at 1118 Howard street, and
as such rented apartments to I. Martin
the same way."
Nagle claims he li not responsible for
the debts contracted by Martin. He Bays
he did not send him to the house run by
Mrs. Burke, and therefore she has no
right to call on him' for theroom rent
owed by his client.
' /T^\ AKLAND, May 25.-In a battle for
ft A| his life," Samuel S. Austin, a prom
.'II- 11 lnent real " estate broker of : JCast
/^J/ . Oakland, shot ' and.'.kllled John H.
Burnham, -his man of all work, at
2:30 o'clock' this afternoon at the Austin
residence, 12G1 High street. -rBurnham,
drunk and ugly, had attacked Austin with
a. pocket knife.; 7 The men grappled and
struggled across a barn floor out into the
yard; the' hlrtd man slashing'Iwlth his
weapon • and ¦ ripping Austin's coat ' in sev
eral places. •/ ¦.:' v ', .'
ij Austin drew his pistol and with each
blow from the knife, 'flred at Burnham as
they fought hand to hand for their. lives.
Three shots failed to stop the Infuriated
Burnham. Austin was backed down to
the rear Dorch. of the residence, when he
managed to get his pistol at " Burnham' s
neck, and. as, the knife of the latter again
slashed through his coat sleeve he pressed
the. trigger and sent a bullet through his
assailant's neck. The bullet cut the main
artery and as the blood spurted from the
wound Burnham staggered back, closed
his knife, put it in .'his pocket and sank
to the ground., dying in a few minutes. •
.'Austin stopped to compose his wife and
their' housekeeper,,' and then went to
Charles Harrison's place at High street,
on. the San Leandro road, where he tele
phoned to the Sheriff that he "desired to
surrender. ' • ' • •
Surrenders to Deputy Sheriff.
Before response was made from | down
town Austin found Deputy Sheriff Ed
mund Gates at High street, to whom he
surrendered and turned over his_ pistol.
Harrison notified the Coroner, at Aus
tin's request and Burnham's remains were
removed to the Morgue.' The bullet
wounds In the body were four— one In the
neck, two. on the right side of the chest
and another in the left shoulder. - ..
Austin was taken to the County Jail by,
Deputy Sheriff George Taylor. The pris
oner was calm and • deliberate, but ex-,
pressed regret at being compelled to kill a
human beiifg. He was covered with dirt
and wife, claimants for a share in the
estate of the late Dr. Martin of Oakland.
Nagle represented the heirs, and one. of
his duties was to Bee that Mrs. Burke
was paid for sheltering his clients. This,
Mrs. Burke claims, he neglected to do,
despite numerous appeals, and she then
determined to take the law into her own
hands. .
The amount alleged to be due Mrs.
Burke is only $32, and she thinks she still
has quite a sum coming after, allowing
credit for the horsewhipping, and says
she will collect the balance in the same
5 manner, so the prospects for the future
look rather dark for Mr. Nagle.
Mrs. Burke was' seen at her house on
Howard street last night' and was aching
for another chance at the attorney. She
said, in a voice trembling with rage: '
"Mr. Nagle owes 'me that $32 and I am
going to have it out of him. As lawyer
for Martin he paid me $3G, honoring my
lodger's orders for that amount. He said
some time ago when I made "a claim for
the $32 now due that $9 30 was all that
was coming to me, but offered me $20 to
call It even. 1 refused and placed the
case In the hands of a collector. The lat
ter reported to me he could do nothing
and that I haa better' take the. $20. I
would not take anything less than $32, and
failing to get that I bought a horsewhip
and took a few dollars' worth of punish
;' ment out of Nagle. There is still a bal
ance due, and 1 intend collecting that in
Samuel S. Austin Shoots and Instantly Kills John H.
Attacks Him With a Knife.
ocratic ranks. In San Francisco particu
larly there is a large number of the faith
ful who have no love for Sima. The Iro
quois Club is the hotbed of anti-Sims
sentiment, and that organization will
fight him first, last and. all the time.
If the project so feebly .launched at Be
nicia last Monday: gains, any headway
when once its sails are set Sims will never
have a chance. Max Popper, Charles Gll
dea. Clitus Barbour and some -more who
were In politics once had a, "State confer
ence," arid decided that the Democracy 6\,
California must be organized. Charles .H.
Holcomb was elected grand^sachem of the
Iroquois clubs because he would have the
time and the ability to go about the State
and organize Iroquois clubs everywhere,
which would become controlling, bodies,
and through their, affiliation with the clubs
elsewhere would provide an effective State
organization. If the scheme prevails Sims
will scarcely be the next Democratic nom
inee for Governor. That is not saying
that his chances are not bright, for '.no
body expects the scheme will succeed. ' It is
doubtful If even Popper or 1 Clitus. Barbour
or'tlje gentlemen fro^lAVa^nuV Creek who:
constituted 'most" pf^the" remainder of the
delegates" present at the great. "State con
ference" have faith' that the puny Benlcla
child will ever prow into lusty "youth -or
sturdy manhood. ¦'.•:' .*•/•' r?
The San Francisco Ironuols Club nome
'weeks since adopted' resolutions condemn
ins members of th« Legislature who, voted
HtfnhiMt the bill abolishing the polltax.
That was Intended for Sims. Nobody
knew or cared who tho others were. /Jo
seph LrgRett/wfur present that night and
he Kpoke very bitterly: of what he termed
Sims' betruyal of party pledge*. , .
Members of the JroquoUi Club go into n
raib'o when they recall that Senator Sims
nald in tin interview Immediately j*fter tho
lust election that the free silver Ut»ue de
feated tho Democracy In this Slute, and
thnt with another candidate 'and othur i«
»ucn' victory could -have been won. To,
th«lr way- of, thinking, that was .treacon.
'it mny have been tho truth, but Sims
ought not to have declared It,
¦Senator 8lmi»" wa» . on« the excursion
Bteamcr Onluba Sunday. with its load of
the faithful on the way to the jubilee cele
bration at Bcnlclfi, but he was. left very
much alone by the men who were engi
neering the Kcheme.
"The nerve of the man!" "Wonder If he
don't read the papers?" "Maybe he don't
know what the Iroquola ; Club thinks of
him!" Such remarks were heard frequent
ly during the' trip, yet Sims hus the sup
port of the men who ure the present-day
party'leaders and he is strong. with the
rank and nio of the party.
Dr.' Dodge Is -Waiting.
Behind the Iroquois; Club's enmity* to
Sims lies a well defined and generally un
derstood determination to force 'Dr.
Washington Dodge Into the running: for
the Governorship. They look upc-n him as
the Moses, who can lead them out of
Egypt," and they Insist that, he shall take
the job. * That the Assessor has political
ambition is not questioned, but thirt he is
also a shrewd 'politician is not denied, and
hln consent to become' a candidate will
depend, it. is.' said,' upon \ the direction
ntruws blow In the. Republican camp. Max
Popper said at Bcnicla the other day. that
if -the"; Republicans renominate'd Gage,
Dodge would be nominated by the Demo
crats • and elected. Doubtless. Dodge has
some. such idea himself. "But If th« Re
publicans follow, a different .plan ' the As
sessor 1 will probably be willing to- leave
the felory, of candidacy to Sims,. t ¦ „¦ ¦ '
Shrewd politicians in 'the Republican
ranks, dnd among them [ some of Gage's
cloisest friends, -interpret 5 the recent uHi*
miitum of President Hays of the Southern
Pacific, that his subordinates must either
abandon politics and get down to. business
or go out, of business and drift into poli
tlcH, to mean the polltlcnl ending of ,W. F.
Herrln., Why/they pay, should Hays go
after tho scalps of such men % as J.B.
Wright and leave unmolested in political
machinations tho * man ' who ' t directed \ the
wire-pulling of the men now, deponed? ,< :
With Herrin* out of, tho game It I* ad
mitted by ;Govornor Gage's friend* that
hi«' oharices for renomlnntlon have bean
alarmingly decreased. Tha Governor's
strength does notille In tha loyalty to him
of the rank and file of the party, but In
stead in having behind' him tha machine
ory, motive power for which hau beon fur
nished from the biff yellow building,
Men Talked of for Mayor.
In local politic* Intorest centers in, the
probabla nominees; for «¦ Mayor, ' JJuth
Charles U Patum and 1 Dr. Perrault foavti a
strong following mni tiiilj In being urged
to seek the Republican nomination, If
both enter the rnaa |h§ contest will be. a
lively on^ .'
Mayor I'linltin Iihh ulntiuly announced
\\n\t, iin will not Ji'Mi riirniiiiiiiii fnrnju*
nornln^Hfiii \n i\r\y ; HV«nt ,ht» would , not
figure itrnmJnumly In the jmrna, "(Lionel"
Mftrifn . Mrwrfy; i*»nr»iini r #'1 nome. time hbo
thftt If J'hflun 'W»rein«mlnfttert'h8 would
leek'tlie nomlnfltloniBtfslniUilm. Just h!
wmni the»Demotirflcy-l» viry ¦ rnuoh'tti
mn K as to whenr to ghoosa tor mM»rfr
yupFvliOF; 3(M\)\\ 'J'obln's if Fiends »flf§
UfMiiig him fur the iiymlfmtloii, Hod feiui
¦ ¦'- ¦ ¦ .• "- -r-; *" ' .' .' ''.'. ¦¦'¦'. '¦
With the departure of President McKln
ley the pendulum of politlcarjlnterest
swings back, to State and local affairs.
Among 1 ' Republicans the 'aspirations , of
would-be candidates were not given much,
thought during the presence of the 'chief
executive and the consequent more than
usual prominence of the members of the.
"Federal brigade." ¦/
Democrats, however, kept the tongue of
gossip wagging and their prospective can-.
di<?ates are more strongly, silhouetted on'
the horizon than are those, of their oppo
nents, though of necessity the leaders of
the forlorn hope must wait to see where
the tents, of the enemy are to be. pitched
before mapping cut thiir own plan of cam
paign. t • '. . .
So far as present conditions will permit
of decision the leaders of the State De
mocracy ' have practically settled upon'
State Senator J. C. Sims as their candi
date for Governor. Sims Is a man of clean
record and excellent reputation in public
life. His genial personality and , amiable
dignity win. friends for him easily and he
Is recognized' as possessing much political
strength. As. chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee during the last
campaign , he came into close touch with
party leaders all overthe State and most
of them are numbered among his political
friends. ¦ •'*.".•"
' Inimical to Sims.
All Is not tranquil; however, in the Dem-
Hays' Famous Order Is^ Re
garded as Fatal • to
Gage's Prospects.
the Santa Rosa
Senator.
Iroquois Braves Oppose
TALK DF SIMS
FOR GOVERNOR
FIERCE BATTLE TO THE DEATH
OF OAKLAND AND AN EMPLOYE
SAN FEANCISCO,' SUNDAY, MAY 26, 1901;
Mrs. Kate Burke Resorts to Violent Heans to Compel
Well=Known Lawyer to Pay Bill Contracted
by His Client.
IRATE LODGING-HOUSE KEEPER
VIGOROUSLY USES HORSEWHI P
ON ATTORNEY CHARLES NAGLE
Pages 23 to 32
iiiii iMEMBERS OF THE SHOTGUN BRI
GADE IN EVIDENCE YESTERDAY
AT INGL-ESIDE. - .. .
If the hares for to-day's finals turn out
asgood a lot as the ones furnished in ¦ the
run-down of the reser\ r e stake : : yesterday
Union Park patrons will see. many courses
in which the winning- hounds : will have
had to do. some hard going before getting
;the flag. ., . . ' :•;<¦.; ' . , •• i
•The card yesterday" resulted in a better
than- the average day. Ten of ¦ the forty
eight courses went against the talent's
picking, the first and most costly defeat
being that of the: Star Kennels' Master
Lawrence by - his half sister, Nora Law
rence. Six to 1 was offered that Brother
L would catch the Judges' eye" for the
better sum of points against his relative,
but 'at the close of a short, hurried trial
the lady- of the family had her colors
raised without a point against her.
¦ • Mayflower, also of the Star Kennels, was
the next. favorite to fail, Rollicking Airs
outpointing her 8 to 4, with the odds at
%Vi to 1. Rosie Clalr beat War Eagle, a
4 to T favorite; Sir Van beat Boney Boy.
at 3 'to 1: Banner * Bright ',' beat Round
About, Fine Form beat Vulcan, Eohe beat
Ripple, .Vagrant beat Aethra, Granuvilla
beat Jewess, at 2 to 1, and Silver Cloud
beat Anchor, at 6 to 3.
The second round winners look to' be
America, Rural Artist, Motto, Dewdrop,
Rollicking Airs, Agamemnon, Log Boy,
The Grafter, Flora McDonald, Blackhead,
Eager, Sir Van. Greenhall, Buck, Fine
Form, Bonnie Pasha, Herschel's Pride,
Chicago Boy, St. Ives, Elista, Charta,
Golden Russet, Silver Cloud and Achilles.
-Flora McDonald's good work impressed
the wise ones and made her their choice
for the stake. Rural Artist is a close sec
ond in favor. At the bottom of the card
Chicago Boy and Silver Cloud are figured
as factors. . : ' ,
Every one is hoping that For Freedom
and Palo Alto will come together in the
California Coursing Committee stake.
Rosseter's Champion is, according to those
who have watched his training, in condi
tion to take easy money from the best of
them, even allowing for his long retire
ment. The srreat hound is well down to
weight at 59 pounds. •
The day's results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow: - ,
Reserve stake, first round— B. Geary's Ameri
ca beat Chiarini Bros.' Brass Button. 12-3; A.
R. Curtis' Candelaria beat H. Perlgo's Con
troller, 4-0; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence ¦ beat
D. J. Healey's Tiburon, 18-5; Pasha kennels'
Rural 'ArtijFt -beat A. it Curtis' Have a Dash,
4-0; P. Stelnhoff's Veto beat J. Hurley's Hurri
cane. 6-0; F.' A. McComb's Motto beat Pasha
Kennels' Belle Locket, 5-0; W. C. Glasson's
Dewdrop beat J. R. McCarthy's John Doe, 3-2;
F. Schou's-Nora Lawrence beat Star Kenneli'
Master Lawrence, 2-0; Russell & Allen's Spite
ful beat- B. N. White-hide's Gold Bug,' 4-3:
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat Star Ken
nels' Mayflower. 8-4; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince beat Star Kennels' Fontenoy, 4-2;
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon beat D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl,' 18-12; F. A. McComb's Hot
Haste beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne. 7-2;
James Connell's Logr Boy beat H. Lynch's Cot
ton Ball, — ; P. J. Rellly's The Grafter, a
bye; E. N. Whiteside's Greenback beat W.
Calrne's Imperial, 3-2; A. Vanderwhtte's Flora
McDonald beat J. Hurley's Gramercy, 5-2:
Russell & Allen's First Foot beat T. J. Cron
in's Vixen, 6-2: GoM Dust Kennels' Forget
beat P. J. Reilly's Ploujrhboy, 5-1; Star Ken
nels'" Blackhead beat L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
gain, K-3; George Sharman's Black Flush beat
D. J. Healy's Nicas'o. 12-3; W.C. de B. Lopez'
Eager beat Pasha Kennels' Robert's Army,.
8-4 ; L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright beat Pasha
Kennels' Round About, 4-2; Yosemite Kennels'
Sir Van beat J. Smith's Boney Boy, 5-2; E. M.
Kellogg' g Modest Lad. a bye; J. Cane's Green
hall beat -WV C. Glasso-i's lone. 7-0;. E. M. Kel
logg's Buck beat C. S ; Appleby's E. G. TV.,
5-0; J. Hurley's O.K., .Capitol beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rustic, 'Arbor, 6-0; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat Gold .Dust Kenn.il*' St. -Michael. 7-fc D.
J. Healey'p-Ftne Form beat- A. R. Curtis'.Vul
can, 8-6: E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat J.. D..
Cardtnell's Un'on- Jpck. 4-0: Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara beat . Gold Dust ¦ Kennels' Sprlngback,
2-0: George Sharman's Bowery Boy beat D.
J. Healey's Maggie N,'o-0; Star Kennels' Hers
chel's Pride beat F. A. /McComb's Regral Fash
ion, 4-0: George Shannan's Chicago Boy beat
J. Dean's Warco. 6-1: George Sharman's St.
Ives beat E. M. Kellogij'n Crawford Belle. 10-0;
Sterl ¦& Knowles' .Sleety Mist beat J. Cane's
Master Davenport, 4-0;. H. Perl to' s Bone beat
Sterl & Knowles' Ripple, . 8-0: W. C. de B. Lo
pez's Sara beat J. Smith's Master Workman,
4-1; D. J. Healey's Elista beat T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill. 4-2; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat
Cheetham & Partlngton's Representative," 4-0;
A. R. Curtis' Charta beat H. ¦ H. Gray's Ter
ronette, 5-0: P.. M. ..Curtis' Vagrant beat
Aeneid Kennels' Aethra. 5-2: P. Jackson's
Golden Russet beat P. M. Curtis' Shadow, 4-0;
Russell & t Allen's Rosie CHir beat P. M. Cur
tis' V.'ar Eagle. 5-3; CO. Peterson's Silver
Cloud beat P. M. Curtis' Anchor, 5-4 ; D. Dil
lon's Granuvilla beat "W. C. de B. Lopez's
Jewess, 4-1: Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat. JV
D. Cardlnell's Jeslby, 5-0. •
Talepit ; Anxious .¦' to See the
Ohampion Compete With
Palo Alto. : i \
For;* Freedom in Q-oo
Condition for the -
j Running.
COURSERS READY
FOR BIG STAKE
GUNMEN SHATTER BLUEROCKS
AND WIN HANDSOME TROPHIES
High Wind Prevents Good Scores at the Annual Tour
nament of the State Association.
THE SAN FBANCISCO ; CALL,, SUTNDAY, JMAY 26, 1901.
E. Feudner 18
Total .......'. 62
¦ Union Gun Club—
McCutchen 19
U. M. C .'. 23
King 20
Total , 62
San Francisco No. 2—
Williamson 19
Derby— 18
Shields :.... 21
Total 1 58
Lincoln Gun Club — : - . - ,
Seaver ; 17
Daniels 23
Bekeart '.... 17
Total ...-^..... 58
Garden City GunXJlub —
Anderson : 13
Varien ., 21
Barker ....21
Total 55
Following is a complete score of the five
events: ,
The .heavy wind that blew in from the
ocean yesterday rendered fly-casting at
Stow Lake somewhat difficult., This ap
plies particularly to delicacy and accur
acy, but some creditable scores were
made by the San Francisco Fly Casting
Club members in their regular semi
monthly contests. The official score fol
lows: . ¦ • , .
Francisco Club at Stow Lake,
, „ Golden Gate Park.
FLYCASTERS WORK
IN" A HEAVY WIND
Semi-Monthly Contest of the Sail
A Chicago patrolman, twenty-six years
old, who is on .duty from 11 p. m. to 6
a. m., attends one of the public 'high
""*faools dally. ,. . • ..
The faculty-senior baseball game, which
Is the most amusing feature of the senior
week festivities, took place on the oval
this morning. The seniors, who were. at
tired in prison garb, presumably bor
rowed for the occasion, were completely
outplayed by their more sedate opponents.
The final score was 12 to 6.
The feature of the game was the bril
liant work of Burt Estes Howard, in the
box for the faculty. He . was well sup
ported by Catcher Newsom, who threw
out seven men at second base.
Dr. Jordan played first well and received
much applause for his beavy batting.
Professors Murray in left field and Angell
on second played good games.
Following was the line-up:
Faculty. Positions. Seniors
J.'ewsom Catcher Edwards
Howard Pitcher Parkia
Tlsh..... -Shortstop Srmonds
Jordan. -...First base..... Bentley
Antrell (capt.) Second base Steuart
Kip -...Third- base ....Thompson
Murray..... Left field Warren
Marx ..Center field.... ..Divlny
Hosklna Rtsht field Bradley
Umpire— Captain "Dave" Cowden.
. Diamond.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 25.—
Laurels on the Stanford
President Jordan and His Team Win
FACULTY'S BASEBAIiL
STARS BEAT SENIORS
A COLD wind made high scores im
possible at the tournament of the
California Inanimate Target As
sociation -which opened at Ingle
side yesterday. The day was a
poor one for trap shooting and little en
thusiasm was displayed by the gunmen.
There were very few spectators present,
but it is believed that there will be a
pood attendance to-day if the weather is
favorable. ¦ ¦
E. Lm. Forster won the first event, which
•was the Cinch Bros.' trophy. He broke
20 blue rocks out of a possible 20, and
took the handsome prize. The E. T. Allen
trophy was won by A. M. Barker. He
broke 13 blue rocks, but was tied by E.
L,. Forster. E. Schmetz, H. Justins and.M.
Burnell. The five shot off and Barker
was high g^m. P. B. Bekeart captured
the Association trophy by killing 20 in a
20-bird race. The Golcher trophy went to
A, Fleckenser. The latter made 19 and
was tied by F. W. King, W. J. O'Neill
and "U. M. C." In the shoot-off he made
the hiffh score and captured the prize.
• The fifth event was a contest for the Un
ion Gun Club trophy and it was the sen-
Eatlon of the day. Four men shattered 20
and "W. M. C." In the shoot-off he made.
Mctte was high gun. I The Crystal Palace
cup for the three-man team. was won by
San Francisco No. 1, which was composed
of Messrs. Schultz, J. Brans and Edward
Wilson. Their victory was by a very nar
row margin. There were seven teams en
tered and three tied at .62. The winning
team achieved a victory by shattering 63
blue rocks.
Following are the Boores of the three
man 25-bird race:
San Francisco No. 1— ¦
Schultz 22
Wilson .*. ~......". 22
Bruno ; j»
Total out of possible 75.... €3
Empire Gun Club—
Duret 19
"Webb 22
Debenham 21
Total 62
Olympic Gun Club—
O. Feudner 21
F. Feudner 23
24
NAMES.
3 5? *<
B-j Si? HHiHg.
» ** «» 3 Sa «2 :
3 . 3 a 3 3 3-
1
3
R. Lemoln
J. Ross :
A. C. Hartley
H. Taylor
Joseph Taylor
W. I,. RoJ>ertson
Ed Feudner
H. Stelllng ;...
W.J. Golcher
N. H. Neustadter..: .'...
N. Slade
F\"W. King
P. B. Bekeart :....
D. Daniels
E. L. Forster
"W, A. Seaver.....
w. Al Robertson
J. R. Carroll
W. J. O'Neill
C. Foln
F. Stone
W. W. Glddlnga....
Ed Stone
M. Q. Feudner..,
E. Schmetz
12 9 10 S
17 18 19 18
12 13 18 12
15 14 12 13
11 14 16 10
9 13 14 12
19 16 19 16
11 10 14 13
19 14 15 14
16 IS 15 16
15 17 14 12
14 13 17 19
17 13 20 13
19 17 16 18
20 19 19 18
18 16 18 16
16 18 16 17
12 14 12 ..
16 18 18 19
14 14 18 17
17 16 17 17
18 15 15 18
15 18 16 11
19 16 17 18
18 19 18 17
14
19
18
17
11
18
14
15
16
14
20
17
18
20
17
18
14
14
19
15
17
•17
18
Ed Wilson V... 16 .18 17
E. Klevesahl ..-.-. 17 13 14
J. Bruns n 18 17
P. Feudner ; ¦ 7. 19 15 19
J. J. Sweeney ..:..."..'..' 18'. 13 16
H. Justins „¦» 13 ID n
A. T. D«rby 17 13 16
A. M. Shields.... 17 17 15
W. Sears ...... 15 17 18
R. C. Rosenberg 15 IS 16
C. C. • Juster 16 13 11
J. H. Durst 16 15 1«
A. J. Webb 18 17 18
C. W. Debenham 19 17 16
V. J. La Motte. 14. 14 14
R. C. Reed 17 16 16
J. B. McCutchen. 18 15 19
"W. M.'C." 17 17 17
M. Burnell 16 19 16
H. Hoyt 14 16 9
M. J. Iverson 15 15 17
M. Remington ...;.... 11 12 10
G. H. Anderson... 15 17 17
W. H. Varlen 17. 18" 16
A. M. Barker 16 19 19
Ed Lammers '. 8 10 11
W. H. Williamson... 16 16 16
U. Slmson 17 15 17
L. Smith 16 12 15
Bancroft 12 11 12
17
18
IS
11
18
13
17
16
18
12
13
14
18
16
14
14
18
19
IS
17
13
9
16
17
17
11
17
17
10
18
IS
15
IS
16
12
17
18
IS
13
17
15
IS
14
20
17
20
16
16
17
12
8
16
18
IS
10
17
ID
17
CONTESTANT.
|s
o P
n
s .
SJjj
Evi
snt Ni
•ellcac
Ij
». 3..
i
Brook» '...'........•...
Brotherton
Edwards
Grant ;
Grant
Grant
Mocker -...„..
Youns ........ .«...
Younff ..:.......•;...
Young
Reed
Reed .................
Reed
Reed
I"
101
111
.102
105
104
104;
91
88
98
98
•90
83
S3. 4
93.4
87
95
92.4
86
71
91.8
92.4
89.8
80.4
77
89.4
82.4
85.4
83.4
91.8
....-.:
72.6
71.8
78.4
78. U
78.7,
S5
I"--
85.4
90
89 •
88.8
96 7
MX
95:4
91.4
79.2
81.8
83.4
78.4
78.4
80.10
82.6
65.10
82.3
85.9
86.6
83.6
87.2
88.5
88.11
78.7
"' ¦-
Ed Wilson V... 16 .18 17
E. Klevesahl ..-.-. 17 13 14
J. Bruns n 18 17
P. Feudner ; ¦ 7. 19 15 19
J. J. Sweeney ..:..."..'..' 18'. 13 16
H. Justins „¦» 13 ID n
A. T. D«rby 17 13 16
A. M. Shields.... 17 17 15
W. Sears ...... 15 17 18
R. C. Rosenberg 15 IS 16
C. C. • Juster 16 13 11
J. H. Durst 16 15 1«
A. J. Webb 18 17 18
C. W. Debenham 19 17 16
V. J. La Motte. 14. 14 14
R. C. Reed 17 16 16
J. B. McCutchen. 18 15 19
"W. M.'C." 17 17 17
M. Burnell 16 19 16
H. Hoyt 14 16 9
M. J. Iverson 15 15 17
M. Remington ...;.... 11 12 10
G. H. Anderson... 15 17 17
W. H. Varlen 17. 18" 16
A. M. Barker 16 19 19
Ed Lammers '. 8 10 11
W. H. Williamson... 16 16 16
U. Slmson 17 15 17
L. Smith 16 12 15
Bancroft 12 11 12
17
18
IS
11
18
13
17
16
18
12
13
14
18
16
14
14
18
19
IS
17
13
9
16
17
17
11
17
17
10
18
IS
15
IS
16
12
17
18
IS
13
17
15
IS
14
20
17
20
16
16
17
12
8
16
18
IS
10
17
ID
17
NAMES.
3 5? *<
B-j Si? HHiHg.
» ** «» 3 Sa «2 :
3 . 3 a 3 3 3-
1
3
R. Lemoln
J. Ross :
A. C. Hartley
H. Taylor
Joseph Taylor
W. I,. RoJ>ertson
Ed Feudner
H. Stelllng ;...
W.J. Golcher
N. H. Neustadter..: .'...
N. Slade
F\"W. King
P. B. Bekeart :....
D. Daniels
E. L. Forster
"W, A. Seaver.....
w. Al Robertson
J. R. Carroll
W. J. O'Neill
C. Foln
F. Stone
W. W. Glddlnga....
Ed Stone
M. Q. Feudner..,
E. Schmetz
12 9 10 S
17 18 19 18
12 13 18 12
15 14 12 13
11 14 16 10
9 13 14 12
19 16 19 16
11 10 14 13
19 14 15 14
16 IS 15 16
15 17 14 12
14 13 17 19
17 13 20 13
19 17 16 18
20 19 19 18
18 16 18 16
16 18 16 17
12 14 12 ..
16 18 18 19
14 14 18 17
17 16 17 17
18 15 15 18
15 18 16 11
19 16 17 18
18 19 18 17
14
19
18
17
11
18
14
15
16
14
20
17
18
20
17
18
14
14
19
15
17
•17
18
CONTESTANT.
|s
o P
n
s .
SJjj
Evi
snt Ni
•ellcac
Ij
». 3..
i
Brook» '...'........•...
Brotherton
Edwards
Grant ;
Grant
Grant
Mocker -...„..
Youns ........ .«...
Younff ..:.......•;...
Young
Reed
Reed .................
Reed
Reed
I"
101
111
.102
105
104
104;
91
88
98
98
•90
83
S3. 4
93.4
87
95
92.4
86
71
91.8
92.4
89.8
80.4
77
89.4
82.4
85.4
83.4
91.8
....-.:
72.6
71.8
78.4
78. U
78.7,
S5
I"--
85.4
90
89 •
88.8
96 7
MX
95:4
91.4
79.2
81.8
83.4
78.4
78.4
80.10
82.6
65.10
82.3
85.9
86.6
83.6
87.2
88.5
88.11
78.7
"' ¦-
CAMP REVERIE,
-IN THE——
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
"In All California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan.
On June S, this year, CAMP REVERIE win
be opened In a redwood grove on the Guerne-
ville branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Gueme-
ville. "
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room SI, Flood building, 8an
Francisco. Office .hours 12 to 4 p. m., Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays. *
HOT SPRINGS.
A erotto. 1400 feet up In the coast rarge,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven miles stage from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths:
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladies;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,.
30x60; hunting and fishing: all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. : round -trio ticket %$. C.
T. ROMIE. prop, : J. O. VALPEY. manager.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
; Irom Bi? Trees.
Buy ticket to' Campus Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write the owner, THOS. la.
BELL, P. O-. Felton. Cal. • -
V.vNAPA.v.' . Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS Cal »
THE MOST^ -BEAUTIFUL OF - ALL
health resorts. . ¦
Rates- JTO to $15 per weelt Two trains daily,
fool of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For ' further information address
... A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor. .
YOSEMITE VALLEY;
BIG 'OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through, the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco |32. i Round trip from | Stockton $27.
Staxlr.* 2% hours first afternoon end 9 hours
next day. arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated . folder. "WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'I Agent. €30 Market St.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 3571. .
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters: , P.ates, J10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. S Circulars at city* office,
91S Lai kin St.. S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.'
For ' the complexion. Indispensable for - the
Mountains and Sea Shore. . Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak, > Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. ¦' .
.THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfllTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
nui 1 1 o Scnoo i wm be open to summer
IHENLO 'guests during June and July.
Superior climate, excellent
PARK." table;- reasonable pries. Ad-
___________ dress IRA G. HOITT.
KUAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, 12 and $2 50 per day; MO to J14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.,* or
address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Sisklyou
County. Cal. ' " ' ' - '
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.-
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos • billiard, ¦ pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. . Round trip by stmr
Point Arena. -$7. Inquire at 54 Mission and 14
Sansome St.. or of DR. W. A, McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal. ' ' ¦ . ' ¦• . •.-.
4550.00
Or less will cover all expenses of ' a 10 ' days'
trip to - Yosemite. Curry' s Office, . 630 Market
St., S. F. - - ,
YOSEMITE!!
. CAMP CURRY
Makes it possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Tosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates, $12 per week; J45 per month.-
Offlce 630 Market st.
-.•¦;, :¦>¦ ¦ rOSEM/TE// > :
FERN BROOK PAKK,
NILES- CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-'
• nlcs or campers. •> Further information ad-
dress V7M. H. MENTON, Excursion Pass.
Agent 3. P. Co.. 613 Market street. . " * '
1500b FELLOWS" HOME^
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF. MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little ¦ resort > for
poltd ¦ comfort: - For - particulars • apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth ; street. City. !,
f AMP TiVI ftD^Cottages, camping, fishing ;
I/Alllr. 1AILUA 29 mnes from S. F.:-in tha
redwoods.' Call Traveler. office. 20 Montgomery
gtreet. or address H. G. MARTIN. '¦ Proprietor.
lVIoetgt
Tho lareest' and oldest . Champagne
House in. the world."/-- : -• \ ¦'- '¦:
'White Seal (Grande Cuvee") of ex-
ceptional bouquet and Idryness. — Court
Tournal. "¦< " - "-.- - .~' ¦ . ' '. '.y> '¦. -
, WILLIAM WOLFF ft CO., Psoifle Co»it Agants,
i M .389 Mtrkrt Bt ; 8»n ?r_:i*e». - '
jlf you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Whether to a • mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from -which you can. In a short
walk or drive,' commune with nature Jn
her valleys, foothills and mountain
'.canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,'
i :\ ¦'.,¦' ' . .•
Call or write for " ,
"VACATION 1901"
This Is a little book Just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, -hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma. Mendo-
cino and Lake,. counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and home3
where board daring the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10 00 per
week. .
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco. - ¦
R. X. RTAN.-
Oeneral Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles,- Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third ' Annual Rod and Reel Fishing ; Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. ¦ • ¦
The Sportsman's I Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLTJB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments. . .
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping : and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to .
. - ' -E..C. PECK. Agrent..
,- ¦ -. ¦ • 10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. . i
'¦: V Or BANNING CO..
'¦'- 222 Pputh Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
Of/A /I/1A HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
SK £1 #» /r.V Co - '•- onl y 4^4 hours, from
UAnVVv San Francisco: but 9 miles
. .. staging; waters , noted., for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel - and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages;- lound
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon l'erry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest 1 of the past
six years. 4 Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery Bt., or of . J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45. p. m. daily. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop. -.'•¦--' '.. - ¦ --
• The Seaside : Resort bf Central California, on
Monterey Bay. Opens June 1st. Free booklet.
R. • M: BRIARE. Mgr. hotel. FRANK REA-
NIER. Supt. camp. Capltola, Cal. ' . ¦¦ ..
HOTEL GENEVA,
¦ AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes : from the city:
most , beautiful location -.and marine view; an
unexcelled summer.' and' winter resort; table
and service of the best. -•
• , w. n: graham.
Late of Hotel Mateo. • Manager.
LAUfREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County .to spend ( a vacation. Boating,
bathlnr. : bowling, tennis. livery. - new walks
end boats. AVrite for circular.- EDGAR DUB-
NAN, Laurel Dell. .Lake Co.. . O»l. • ' ;¦. . • :.• •
WH1TH SULPHUR SPRINGS.
¦ 2% hours'- ride from S. F. : 5 miles from .Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cura rheumatism, -neural-
gia, eczema,' kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing.' Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
C ANTACRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLAS3
v5 family resort; main hotel' and cottages;
hunting. and fishing; artificial lake for boating
snd swimming : ; Iong-di3tance > telephone;', camp-
ers" return tickets, X2 W-; open the year round.':
Send fcr circulars. •• ; . ¦ -¦ • ' -^ ¦:
: . J. H. HAKSTERS. Glenwood. Cal.' '
p r c : TOCALb^A. »JJ^
.Bertrand Hotel; first-class' ; accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties: fish-
ing, bathinff: beautiful drives "to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau.- 233 Kearny. st..~ S..F. -,-
DUNCAN SPRINGS,;
' Two miles from Hopland: 'bes't' medicinal
waters in , the State; • fine hotel, and first-class
.table; ratss J10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
P.; HOWKLL. Hopland. • Mendodno ' Co.. ¦ Cal. .
"TflF fiROVF" ~ Lake Tahoe.-CaL. % mile
,,11IC UKVIC ; c «st ofTallac. ¦ Board -and
lodgintr per week. $9; By ; the day. $2. Meals.
50c. ¦ Good saddle horses and the best of livery.
Boats ¦ free to all guests. PARMETER &
COPLAND. Proprietors. ;;,:( .. v , ;
HOTEL BENVENUE:
• • On • the • shore or Clear Lake ; . home cooking;
|7 • per week and '.upwards. ¦: F. and A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport,, Lake County,_Cal. ,--\f-J.
-¦¦¦-¦: ; :'-' THE'OAKS,^- . : '. '"'
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 minutes ¦ to
beach;'- mall dally. by carrier; private board-
ing. Particlars : Mrs. j Czarina ; Smith, . Sta. Cruz.
> i% HO ! FOR THBlGEYSERS: i
, Via ¦ C. : C. •; Foss' Stage Line f rom 1 ¦ Calistoga.
The scenic route.: -Livery. in; connection.- C. C.
FOSS. . Proprietor, , Caiistcsra." Cal. ; ; : .;
: . V/Cifr,. SPRINGS, \:
The only place in the ; United I States "where
Vichy ¦ Water < is ; abundant. ;,- The only > natural
Electric Waters: ;• Champagne 'Baths; -Springs
Numerous; Baths TJnequaled.". Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. EBDEM_TER-_iCO.,.>.,
, . ; V »' ,'¦". '.-¦¦ • ".' Proprletora.-
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, be— It— laat. most rastf— t pta «• '
In all California, Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rate*— 110, H3. $14.
tl& and $18 per week. Call on LES D. CRAIO.
Ill Montgomery it. and *«• photon-pha of
hotel and sarro-ndlas*. We tak* pieaaur* In
writing fall particulars. Address CRAIO *
WARK-R. .¦_¦
CAZADERO 5^
' miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, oot-
) tagres . and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. ! Fine trout
11 fishing-, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
'- Ideal resort. Ellm Grove Hotel, under sama
n management, on the banks of Austin Creek.
H a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque)
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
a Caxadero. Cal. City office Hi Market st.
_ DR. C3. C3. O»_»OrMIM_SX_l_»Sk
t. JVf INERAL. SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
I Tithe best camping:, picnic and pleasure r«-
- sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for/
lung disease. ! liver and stomach complilnt*.
rheumatism and catarrh In tho world; 4*
i miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R. and 9. r.
i & N. P. K. n. give special rates to campers:
f SO cottages an^ t»nts tarnished; rent cheap:
nn foes nor poison oak at the park: mineral
» ati»r. boats and bathlnir free. Inquire of DR.
-C C. CDONNELL. ofttce 1021H Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to ttv.
] CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
: ' Hot Springs, but not a san Itariun—
Formerly Ajrua Callente Springs. Sonotn a
.. Valley. No staffing: 46 mnes via C. N. Ry.
: or S. P. R. R. Immense swlmmlnff tank.
'• Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It..: Round
trip. Jl 10. Telephone; expensive Improvements;
• $12 and |14. COOPER & SHE0DEN. Agua
¦ Callente. Cal. ¦•
¦WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co.. Cal., M miles by
stage west of -Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature MS
dep. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
3 . Ma. catarrh. Natural mud baths. Kvw 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging-,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGE.VRT.
" Proprietor. : .
: LAUREL RANCH RESORT
16 ni!l«s from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: ' rood hunting 1 , fishing In moun-
tain streams r cr-ort distance from Geyser* :
dally mall; J7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
' - BL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; climate ' unsur-
passed: great reHef for people -with asthma; 63
miles from S. F. : fare $1 63; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st, or
of JOHN XEVILD. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. "Will hereafter be open the"
year rpund. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
| from the city at present. The culinary depart-
i ment will receive special attention. For rates
and particulars address HOTEL MOUNT
VXETW. Ross Valley. Marln Co.. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, g~K.
ONE OF NATURE'S "WONDERS. NATtT-'
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. _,
WERTHEIMER. manager."
Will t\W DANfH former proprietor \T.
WlLLUn II Ail 111 Crandell— A summer hom»
In the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz; ,
running water, swimming, croquet, abu— danc*
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. THLET & ILIT* 1 ''. Santa Crux.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
. In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas- '
ur?. fishinc. hunting' and swimming: good
table; guests at home: never fall to come bark
a grain: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET. •
Llagas. - •
GLENBROOK.
• Various amusements.. Large and small frame.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAT. Prop.. Glenbrook. Lake Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBR RG.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimminsr and boatincr. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKEXBtTRG JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery st.
'it Is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
Saratoga Springs.
S. MARTEXS. Prop.. Bachelor P. Oi. Lak.
County;Clty Office. 418 Pine street. -
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOB A
few - guests; mountain scenery; pure air.
ji per wk. H. B. LAWLET. Callstoga, Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL. .K'k-
¦ P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms.
tl per day and upward. PETEK GOUILHAR-^v
DOU.Meesee. • . ' ¦
LAKEPORT ANT> BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; ' arrive at Laker>ort at 3;30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:20. New 6- horse M-paa-
senger tourist wasons, made, to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. ¦ Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
. ;¦ Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
¦ Stare Line. . ¦ /¦
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTT.— New 19-passenger Tosemite
Stage, all ' outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Seigler, Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook:. buy round-trip
. tickets: half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla
and Lakeport. ¦ WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
. OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, stora, postofflce at camp:
board and lodging JS; take Sausallto ferry. 13
round-trip. Address M: C. MEEKER, or H. .
' M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
, BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Fre«
carriage, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
¦ springs, rooms and beard unsurpassed. Write
' .' for pamphlet. G. W. CTJTLER. Calls toea. Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
! for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
$7 per week. F. McNULTY. Callstoga. Cal.
LACUNA FARM— Hi \ miles from Mt. Olivet \
. station: boatinar, fishing, bathing: $8 per wee)— '
, MRS. R. BALLARD, Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co. •
GILROY FASHION STABLES— Also stage lln»
to hot springs: first-class turnouts. MATOCK
i • &* HOOPER, proprietors.-
RX2TTCUI7C for barbers, bak- .
_S It U &il-J-i5 aj^W-Sr ta^.:
brewers bookbinders candy-makers, canners. ,
dyers. : Courmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, * tanners, tailors, .to, "
/ ..--¦; .BUCHANAN BROS.
, Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St -
I • . ' _^A/ ' x - " ' " ' .,' • _jry''' - - ' ¦ ¦ '_^^-
•. ADVERTISEMENTS.
• -i-:-! mi m ii i I' l^I l .^.^¦^¦IMIM^¦^.^. I „^¦^.^¦^¦ I „^¦ I ¦ lI „^; : ¦, I „ I ¦¦^¦ I ¦. ; _^. H ¦. H^
|DK:.;MEY__2$:!-4 :^
1 Cure Afflicted Men
;i Quickly and Permanent^
v Oldest, Largest and Best Equipped Medical Institute and Most Extensive Practice
1 J£ - ¦' , - — — ¦ -' tf. Founded 1881. Consultation Free et '
V ? -^^* JL '*^^^^^^fc^ Oifi^e or by Mail.
I'. y^^^^^^^^^^^M^^^- \A/E FASTER .vastingdissases,
T unnatural drains, looses, etc.
? W^^^^x" C — ' ¦ WE CURE special and other
*' iffi&^\%« contracted diseases, including
*• Wi^^^fl >» Contacrjous B ood '.Poiiqn, VSirij- •
? ?i$&^" ' • J ture, Varicocele, Hydroce!e,\Rup-
l^^^^r ' '< _^^_^> '¦ '•tfs^ii ture » P^es, Diseases of the K d-
jI •'¦-\$tor( ;- &&£#!$ fw*/ ne ys, Spine, Bladder, etc. : Ail-
¦•!• \\jL '^\ • ' ments {whi;h have become dan-
II, ¦•¦ »/\ "%£ "¦•¦. .'¦-¦ "'-¦'". \' '¦"¦' . gerousand chronic '-by bad treat-
j| jL' "V«« ¦'¦''•' / : - V ment or neg.'ect yield qjickly to;;
'¦' ¦ -^^(^ s| the skill of our soecialists. .
I IMlmMM- •' pay wiTbn well i
i ¦ a|K?M_mW^_3B^ As a g^rantee DR. MEYERS & v
4" >_K! ' C( ?' wil1 let the P atient deposit the
** Jam J^^^^h^^Wr^ P r ' ce 9^ a cure ' n a "y bank in San ;
X &&§ v]\f Francisco, to be paid afterjie is en-
J. tirely well.. ILit is not convenient
4* •"-»».• "••':.*v^8- ' ' ;s\*^^ *° .dp 'this, payments may be made in ¦
T ' ¦• ,., ¦ . ,.-V ¦ . . '^ V ¦ • monthly installments/ .
£ ALL JREMEDIES^ANO APPLIANCES FREE TO PATIENTS.
¦' ¦ . \ ¦ , - . ¦ - " - ¦ ¦¦'¦',¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ '•¦¦¦' - v ¦ •
r HOME CURES A SPFPIAI TY If you cannot call, write
V "yfr 1 y U " t "° M y rL>U l ML / r for private book, diagnosis
V sheets, free; advice, < prices and -other particulars. Correspondence- so :
.. ,-licited.z-, : All letters confidential. !, '*•'".
f -ELEVATOR '-"701 MARKET STREET, Hours-9 to 5 Daily.
Y ', BNTO a Kna "•"'¦ V" ¦/ *__> 1 ¦ .-. o b . Sundays— 9 to ii.
+ tfcNlKANCB. - ; ¦¦; .' -.r^;* San Francisco. / Evenings- 7 to 8. "S&
BHr^^HflrjiBy k nQ CvKBfli MEET flB^^^^ACjfi_
¦LEB9 * ikAJB ft ffl_z^_fi3
fl B _ h wAb dB __b bTaJI
Kr-I _ H h9 9 __ni B pB _|
GUN STORE
, Reopened at old » number, ?¦ 431 '• '. Kearny
street. ¦ Goods slightly damaged by water
and , fir* to ' be sold - for ¦ thirty ' days -. at ¦
Great Reduction. FISHING ¦ TACKLE and
BPORTING ¦ GOODS of .every description.
All '. new goods at ' special '. discount during I
sale. . Highest cash price ,. paid - - for * raw ;
Furs. Bend>' 3 ¦ cents for , postage of • 100- '
page Illustrated catalogue. .- ."One day back In Detroit," remarked a
Douglas street man, "I accidentally left
some aqua fortis in a glass and son after
ward was horrified to find the glass
eT "l inquired as to what had become of It
and some of the boys in the store said
that Bill Webster— a tough old sot who
dropped in' on us occasionally— had .just
gone out and maybe he had drank it, sup
posing it to be liquor. In a short time he
came in and I said:
" 'Bill, did you drink that stuff in the
glass on my table?'
"He said he did, and I then told him
that he »had drank poison and that he'd
be a dead man in five minutes/ , -
" 'Oh. I- reckon -not,', said Bill, 'but I
knowed it was somethin' a leetle stronger
than I'd been a-havin', for. every time I
blowed my nose I burned a hole in my
handkercher.'"— Omaha Mercury.
I/lttle Stronger Than. Usual.
CAIIFOENIANS IN WASHXNTGrTOST
¦WASHINGTON, May 25.— The following
Calif ornians are in 'Washington: At the
Shore-ham, "W. R. Tourig. San Francisco;
St. James, Harry C. Vldeau, San Fran
cisco.
Songs without words are preferable to
songs without sense.
Leander < S. Bherman (owner) 'with . E. . R.
Tutt (contractor),' architects. Reid • Brothers-
Plumbing and. gasflttlng for, a- three-story 1
building ¦ on » lot ¦• on • ¦ N - line of '-. Green ; street,
142:6, E of Fillmore: $2420. - . . - ;
I Otto Witt (owner) with' George C. Nail (con
tractor), architect, : Rousseau & ¦ Son— All work
for a 4-room frame cottage with-- brick founda
tions on' lot I on > W line of ¦ Second avenue, 150
N of Point Loboo, N 25 by W 120; '$1325. !.;*>. V.^'
. Mary Ferguson : (owner) with K.->C.' Gardner
and P. Rogalle (contractors), r architect,"- Mr J."
Welsh— All < work I except , j plumbing, « painting
and : concrete* for . a : two-story :, frame . bul Id ing
on lot on N.'llneof Franclnco street,- 23 W of
Mid way.. W 23 by N 68:9; $2187.
Builders' Contracts.
E. D. Sawyer and John M. Burnett to James
H. Sweetman, lot on S line of Jackson street,
55 B of Fillmore, E 25 by S 127 :8H. quitclaim
deed; $1000.
James H. Sweetman to Hugh Keenan, same;
$4100. , ; - ' .
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by.J..F. D.
Curtis and. Union Trust Company, executors)
to Stephen A. Born, lot on S line of Union
street, 93:9 W of Fillmore, W 50, S 137:6, B
25, N 25, B 25, N 112:6; $2300.
Louise v Junker to Louise Gretsch, lot on N
line of Turk street, 266:6 W of Pierce^W 28
by N 137:6; Kift.
Herbert K. and Grace W. Law to 8ophla E.
Wilson, lot on N line of Lombard street, 211:6
E of Devlsadero. E 25' by N 137:6; $1000.
Felix A. and Bertha Hahn to John Stauffer,
lot on S line of Grove street, 181:3 E of Lyon,
E 21.1OV4 by S 112:6; $4000.
George R. and' Kosetta A. Lang to Abner I.
Lowell, lot on E line of Clayton street, 75 8
of Hayes. S 25-by K 106:3; $2500. *
•Wiley B. and Indiana Wilson to I. S. R.
Tevendole, lot on E line of Shrader street,
100 N of Beulah. N 25 by E 135; $9000.
Horace G. Platt to Edith S. Chesebrough
(wife of A.), lot on S line of Washington
street 87:6 W of Laurel. W 50 by S127:8>4;
$5000. - . ¦ <¦ •
Peter and Elizabeth Spreckels to Alfred B.
Spreckels lot on SE line of Mission street,
139:9 NE - of Thirteenth NE 81:5, 8B 282:2%.
SW 85. NW 281:3, quitclaim deed; $10. ' ' --.
Same to same same also; also lot on SW
corner of Twelfth and Howard streets, W
187:10 SW 101:2Vi. E 19:4. S 45, SE 160. NE
100- also lot 15, block A. Park Hill Homestead
No. 2; also 'lot 5, block D, Park Hill Home
stead; $75,000. ' ¦ '„ ,
Joseph Bucher to Amelia H. Bucher, lot on
N line of Fourteenth street, 100 E of Sanchez,
E 25 by N 100; gift. ,
George Brown to George D. Graybill and'Syl
via A. Uhl, ,lot on SE corner of Beach ana.
Taylor streets, E 137:6 by S 137:6;.$!0,O0O. .
James W. • Byrne to Joseph Pllger, . lot on
N lino of«Post street. 201:1 B of Larkln, E
25 by N 137:6; $9000/ ..-.''¦ . '.
Wells, i Fargo & Co. to Emellft M. Chabot,
lot on SE line of Howard street, 345:6 NE of
Third, NB 42 by SB 80; $18,450. i .
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Clay
ton B. Wilson, lot on NW line of Welch street,
180 NE of Fourth. NE 20 by NW 62:6; also lot
on NW line of Welch street, 80 NE of Fourth,
NE 30 by NW 80, quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to Elena F. O'Farrell, lot on SW line of
Harriet street, "200 SE of Bryant, SE 25 by
SW 80, quitclaim deed; $10. *. ; ,
Potrero Nuevo Land Company, (a corporation)
to John and Lottie Nelson, lot on E line of
San Bruno avenue (Nebraska' street), 100 • N
of Twentieth (Napa), N 25 by E 100; $300. -
Elizabeth Hawes to Charles. D. Hawea, lot
on NW corner of Napa 'and Connecticut
streets,. N 75 by W 100; $100.
John B Reed to Mosea . P. Grovo (executor
estate of Pauline E. Grove), lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue, 300 N of,C street, ; W 120
by N 125; also- lot on W line of Grant street,
300 S of Woolsey. W 120, S' 25:10. E 120, N
26:3, lot 4, block 175, University i Extension
Homestead to < correct . 1063 D. 1, quitclaim
deed; $5. ¦ '.'—.;
John and Wlnnefred Sheehy to Solomon Ge-ta.
lot on W line -of Ninth avenue, 175 _N of J
street,' N 25-by W 120: $1000. ¦ V . ~*~
. Solomon and Dora Getz to Phillip and Re
becca Jackson, same; $1000. "
Christina Huck to Alfred C. and Elisabeth
P Kull, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,' 160
N of J street, N 25 by E 120; $2000.
Jennie Espey to Sidney Bspey, lot on E line
of Forty-eighth avenue, ,' 250 : S of T street, : 8
B0 by E 120; $10.* ' . : .
- Barzllla and Mary E. Cocks to Southern Pa
cific Company, lot on NE line of Twenty-Sixth
avenue south. 90 SE of M street, SB 60 by NE'
100 block 483, Bay City Homestead; $1000. .
Luigl and Teresa Cuneo to William J. Cu
neo lot on S line of Ney street. 175 W.. of
Craut. W 25by,S 110, block 3, College Home
"oto'r Bates (wife of H. A.) to" Carrie B.
Bridge- (wife of H.. S.). lot on W ; line of
Starr « street, ' 150 »N of < Salinas ' avenue,: N 50 by
W 100/ block 4, Garden Tract Homestead; $500.
Kate F. Austin to ' Otto Grunsky, lot . on 8
line of Hayes street, 165 W of Webster, W
24.10 by S 137:6; »3000. . : . • .
Lotta M. Crabtree, to Ivan G. , Treadwell, lot
on NW corner of Broadway and Octavla
street, W 37:6 by N 100; $10,000.
City and County of San Francisco to Albert
Van der Naillen, lot on S line of Fulton
street, 107:6 W oi Polk, W 30 by S 97.
BEAT* ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Monsignor . Moreau.
ST. HYACINTHE, Quebec, May: 25.—
Mgr. Moreau, Roman Catholic Bishop of
St. Hyacinthe, died last night.
DIXON, May 23.— Charles Newman died
last night in the sanitarium at Altruria,
Sonoma County. Mr. Newman was an
active politician and .held many prominent
positions. He was a civil war veteran and
a member of the Odd Fellows.
Charles Newman.
CHICAGO, May 25.— George Adams, one
of the oldest and best known Mvestock
commission merchants in the West, died
at his home here to-day, aged 70 years.
Adams came originally from England and
was instrumental in establishing the old
stockyards forty years ago and later in
building up the Union Stockyards.
George Adams.
SANTA" kOSA, May 25.— Peter Deane,
the San Francisco lumber man, died sud
denly at Burke's sanitarium this evening
of apoplexy. He was a native of England
and seventy-two years of age. Mr. Deane
came up from San Francisco yesterday
for treatment, and while sitting in a chair
reading a newspaper suddenly expired.
The body will be shipped home in the
morning. I
Peter Deane.
.Grand Opera-house— "The Queen of China
town." <¦ .
California— "Phroso." '
Central— "Shadows of a Great City.** .
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker." .; -
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Importance of Beinff Earnest.'*
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Gloriana,"
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater- Vaudeville «v«rr
afternoon and evenin*.
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing, to-day.
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hosoltol, Sat
urday matinee. June 1.
Sutro - Baths— Swlmmlnc. j j
-EmeryVille Racetrack— Races to-morrow.
Finding His Possessions.
The other day a stranger came to town
and was being shown about the lower end
of the island, when, reaching Broad
street and Exchange place, where a mon
ster sky-scraper is. rearing its head, he
inquired:
"What building is that?"
•"Why, don't you know?" replied the
guide. "Part of it is yours."
"Mine?" „ - - . .
"Yes; you own $300,000 worth of It."
In Nassau street he saw another cloud
obstructor.
* "What building is that?" he asked.
''Yours; your money built it, and you
own. every brick in it."
On Broadway . the same inquiry was
made about a third firmament support,
and a similar reply was elicited — "it be
longs to you and to two others." The
visitor turned out to be a patent medi
cine proprietor from a neighboring State,
who was . looking upon some of his in
vestments for the first time. — New York
Press. -
AUCTION SATYRS.
By S. TVatkins— Tuesday, May 25, U U
o'clock, horses," mules, etc., at Twelfth and
Harrison streets. , .
At Alameda Training Track. Lapnma'l
Stables, - Wednesday, May 29, at 11 o" clock,
hish-class trotters. ; ¦ " •
The Pacific Coast Association of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont held its second an
nual picnic yesterday among the shady
glens and wooded hills of Fernbrook Park-
All who attended joined In voting the out
ing one of the most successful affairs ever
given by the association.
The day was spent in dancing and games
and wandering about the hills in search
of fenrs and wild flowers. Attracted by
the beautiful scenery of the park, the am
ateur photographers were present in great
numbers. The races proved the principal
feature and resulted In many exciting fin
ishes. A prize was awarded to the win
ner of each event. The following are the
results:
Rao* for drU under 8 yeaxm— Flret, Gladys
TutUe. Prize, a. box of candy.
Rac« for boye under S years— Fir«t. Geerre
Hose; second. Earl Cheever. Flm priie a
pocket kclfe. "
Race for girls under 17— First. Bessie
>.orthroj>; second. May NortJirop. First priz*
a. bottle of perfumery; second prize, a pair
of Fcissors.
Race for boys under 17— First, Earl P
Termr: second. Harry Jacobus. Finst prize
ball and bat.
Young mens* race— First Emmet Howard
eecond. Earl Northrop. First prize, a pair
of cold cu3 buttons.
Fat ladles' race— Klrst, Mtb. Estelle Halsey;
eecond. Mrs. Sophie Kanoore; third. Mrs J
tw: Perry. First prize, a lady's purse.
, Touns ladles' race— First, Hattle Miller; sec-
I enfl, Mrs. W. M. Murphy. Flret prize, rllver
jnounted cilk umbrella: second prize, two
pounds of Frenci mixed candy. .
Fat man's race — First, George Norton.
Prize, a hat.
Race for lafiies between 49 and CO y^ars—
First, Mrs. J. W. Perry; second, Mrs. Sophie
Xanocre. First prize, point lace scarf; second
prize, Bohemian class vase.
Married ladies' race, first heat— Mrs. "W. M.
Murphy first. Mrs. J. TVlckman eecond: sec
ond heat — Mrs. Estelle Halsey first. Final
Mrs. Estelle Halsey first and Mrs. W". M. Mur
phy second. First tfrize, dozen photographs;
eeeend prize, paid of lady's ties.
Married mens 1 race— First. Georse R. Kerr;
Becond, George Norton. First prize, razor and
etr&p.
Egg and spoon race for ladies— Flret, Miss
Joele Moyle; second, Mrs. V. T. Northrop.
Ttrst prize, a pair of plaques; second prize,
ccnvas traveling case.
'Needle and thread race for married men
First, George R. Kerr; second, C. F. Jacobus.
First prize, a solid gold collar button.
Running broad jump for men and boys-
First, Roy Towser: second, Frank Davis.
First prize, a half dozen handkerchiefs.
Running hop skip and lump— Frank Davis
firrt and Roy Towser second. First prise, a
hat.
Ticket No. 71, held by Miss Ruble Jewel, won
the first gate prize, while Miss L>. Wood se
cured the second.
SOITS OF VERMONT HOLD
SECOUT> ANNUAL PICNIC
SEATTLE,*jtfay 25.— All the union line
men, inside and outside men, .trimmers
and pole workers of the Seattle! Electric
Company left . work -at,i noon to-day. ..'Em
ployment of non-union inside men and the
rerusal of President Jacob Furth to sign
an agreement against the employment of
such men precipitated the action. ¦
Electric Linemen Strike.
SEATTLE, -.May 25. — State Fruit In
spector Brown to-day made the startling
assertion that all the magnificent shade
trees of the Lombardy and silver leaf
poplar varieties throughout the city were
practically doomed by ravages of the cot
ton cushion scale. He will appear before
the City Council on Monday evening and
ask. that these trees be either all cut
down or some method of spraying be at
tempted to save them, although he be
lieves that spraying will not prove ef
fectual. . '
Seattle's Shade-Trees Doomed.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con^
gregational Church will preach this even
ing on "The Need of Humanity."
Rev. Frank S. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church will preach this morning on
"Filled With Holy Spirit." and in the
evening on "The Birthday of the Church."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First Unitarian
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Overflowing Cup," and
in the evening on "Joseph."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Meaning of Theological Un
rest," and in the evening on "Zeccheus,
the Rich Man."
"Ancient and .Modern Necromancy; or,
Mesmerism and Hypnotism," will be the
subject of discussion at the services of
the First Church of Christ, Scientist, this
morning.
Rev. B. A- Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on '"Me
morial Day, and in the evening on "The
Life and the Character of Abraham Lin
coln."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
Adaptability of Christianity for All Peo
ple and for All Times," and In the even
ing on "The Rich Man, Lazarus, or Two
Extremes of Society."
Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on "The Power of the Church," and in the
evening on "The Suffering Savior."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E, Church will preach this
morning on "The Power From on High."
Rev. A. E. Ulrich.of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Highest Aim of the Christian," and
In the evening on "Remember Lot's
Wife."
Rev. J. N. Beard of Grace M. E. Church
will preach this morning on "The Greatest
Problem in the World," and in the even
ing on "The Tooth and the Serpent."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this evening on "The
Power of Persistent Prayer."
Rev. 8. D. Hutsinplller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Can God Do This for You?" and in the
evening on "The High and the Low
Everywhere."
Rev. John • Stephens of the Simpson M.
E. Church will preach this morning on ,
"The Mothers of Methodism."
SERMONS TO BE HEARD
HT THE CHURCHES TO-DAY
Pastors of Many Denominations to
Speak on a Variety of
. Topics.
died suddenly to-day of apoplexy. He
was born at Qulncy, 111., In 1841. He came
to Colorado in 1866 and engaged in mining.
In 1880 he went to Arizona, and though
constantly harassed by Apache Irfdlans he
developed valuable copper mining prop
erty, which he sold In -1897. He became
largely interested In Denver real estate
and various business enterprises. He was
a leader in philanthropic work.
"William Church.
DENVER, May 25.— William Church,
one of the wealthiest men in this city,
The feast of Pentecost will be celebrated
in St. Ignatius. Church to-day. • A : solemn
high mass will be sung at 10:30.1 The Rev.
Father Whittle will be celebrant, the Rev.
Father Miller deacon and the Rev. Father
Ryan sub-deacon.: The sermon will .be
preached by the Rev. John Sardi.S. J. |
In the evening at ; 7:15 there will be
rosary and solemn- vespers. Father Cal
zia will deliver the closing sermon of the
May devotions. After the sermon, there
will be solemn benediction, during which
the act of consecration to the blessed
Virgin will be recited by the whole con
gregation. § The Rev. Father Whittle will
be celebrant, ; the Rev. Father Forham
deacon and the. Rev. Mr, Miller sub-dea
con. . . ';;..' '
In the afternoon ¦ tile ' crowning of the
queen of May will be presented in the La
dies' Sodality chapel.- The following pro
gramme has been prepared:
WILL CELEBRATE THE / j
FEAST OF PENTECOST
and Saa Service. .
WASHINGTOX, May 25.— The foUowlngr
appointments were announced at th«
White House to-day:
War— Henry Jackson, colonel, cavalry!
Charles A. P. Hatfleld, lieutenant colonel,
cavalry; Charles G. Ayres, major, cav
alry; Alexander Mackenzie, colonel, en
gineer corps; Amos Stickney, same: Gar-
Tett J.* Lydecker, same; Thomas H. Hand
bury, - lieutenant colonel, engineer corps;
Charles E. L. B. Davis, same; Henry M.
Adams, same; Harry H. Hodges, major,
engineer corps; John BIddle, same; James
B. Cavanaugh, captain, engineer corps:
Calvin Dewltt, assistant surgeon, rank ot
colonel; Timothy. E. Wilcox, deputy sur
geon general, rank of lieutenant colonel;
C. Ii Snlffen, assistant paymaster gen
eral, rank of colonel; Charles H. Whitmle.
deputy paymaster general, rank of lfeni
tenant colonel; Bradner D. Slaughter,
paymaster, rank of captain: Clyde IX V.
Hunt, quartermaster, rank of captain;
Harry B. Chamberlain, same; Lawrence;
C. Carr, surgeon of volunteers, rank of
."major; John Carling, same; William I>.
Bell, same; William ¦ L. Whittington,
same; George P. Peed, same; Isaac W.
Brewer, same; H. Brookman Wilkinson,
assistant surgeon of- volunteers, rank of
captain; Fred W. Palmer, same; Edward
D. Sinks, same; Myer Herman, same;
John Gilbert, same; Abraham" D. Wil
liams, same; William W. PuTnell. same;
William Colbert, chaplain; Bert J. Bader.
same; Leonard D. Wlldman. captain, sig
nal corps; Henry E.' Hathaway, first lieu
tenant, signal corpS; Charles B:Rogan Jr.,
same; Walter L. Clarke,, same; Basil O.
Lenoir, same; John C. Wessels. signal offi
cer of volunteers, with rank of first lieu
tenant; Albert L. Jossman, second lieu
tenant, infantry; Hugh K. Taylor, second
lieutenant, artillery cgrps (transferred
from Infantry) ; Edwin G. Davia, second
lieutenant, artillery corps (by transfer
from infantry); Henry C. Merriam, sec
ond lieutenant, artillery corps (by trans
fer, from infantry) ; Lleutant Colonel Hen
ry M. Adams, engineer corps, a member
of the Mississippi River Commission.
Navy- William H. Emery, captain;
George -A. Bicknell, ¦ captain: William 8.
Dixonr medical examiner, rank of cap
tain ; Cumberland G. Herndon, medical in
spector, rank of commander; John H.
Iden, assistant surgeon, rank of lieuten
ant, junior grade; Jacob Jacobson, car
penter. ' . • - ¦ .' -~. . " I '
ber of Advancements in Land
Announcement Made of Large Num-
OFFICERS APPOINTED
in THE ABMY AOT> NAVY
"These 'homeseekers' excursions' should
be a great thing for California. Every
body knows what a big success the colo
nist rate was, and I think that this busi
ness will far exceed it. Clerks, bookkeep
ers, mechanics, in fact, all kinds of peo
ple will take advantage of this rate and
visit California. Instead of going to Niag
ara Falls or the Pan-American Exposi
tion they will buy a ticket and come out
and see what California ia like. We will
advertise the rates all over the United
States, and this is certainly one of the big
gest undertakings in cheap transportation
the Southern Pacific has ever attempted.
The trunk lines, or more properly, the
railroads that run from New York to
Chicago will also co-operate, and they will
sell tickets from New York to Chicago
&x. the same rate, one-half fare."
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCorxnlck, in speaking of the matter
yesterday, said:
These "homeseekers' excursions" will be
of great value to California in many ways.
Eastern men will have a chance to. visit
this State at a low figure; they can look
into the oil, fruit and farming Industries
and then decide whether they wish to re
main here. The recent colonist rate in
djced 20,000 persons -to visit this State, and
indications are that the new rate, which
goes into effect on June 4. will prove even
a greater inducement than the colonist
rate.
The fare from Chicago to any California
point will be $64 50 for a first class round
trip ticket, from St. Louis and New-Or
leans $59 50 and $62 from Kansas City.
Theee tickets are good for twenty-one
days after date of sale, and stop-over
privileges are allowed along the entire
line of the Southern Pacific Company's
system traveling westward in California,
but no Btop-over will be- allowed on the
return trips. • - . - - ¦_ . •
AW arrangements were completed yes
terday to run a number cf excursions
from Chicago to California during the
summer months. The trains will leave
the Windy City on the first and third Tues
days of June, July, August and Septem
ber, and will be known as "The Home
seekers' Excursions."
The Southern Pacific Company will in
augurate a scheme to induce clerks and
per&ons of moderate means to spend their
summer vacations in California this year.
Southern Pacific Arranges to
Bring Wage-Earners to
This State.
duce Travel.
Half Fare During Sum
mer Months to In- v
EXCURSIONS
TO CALIFORNIA
CALL. BUREAU -^1406 G STREET, N
W., WASHINGTON, May . 25.— There is
no doubt in welMnformed circles -here
that the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the^United States in insular cases will
be favorable to. the contention of the ad
ministration as to the power of Congress
to legislate for, the newly acquired terri
tory-without regard to the limitations
imposed i by the . constitution upon its
power of legislation for States, and for
such acquired, territory as has been
brought either by act of Congress or by
treaty under the provisions of the con
stitution. - / V ; -
. Tnis conviction cannot be traced to any.
original source, however,. and as positive,
knowledge as ito the character of the' de
cisions is -'confined to members of ! the
court and confidential secretaries it is
possible the < court may have a surprise
in store. ,y There is little doubt that the
decisions ' will be announced next Mon
day and the court, will then adjourn'un
til the October term. . There would be
nothing unusual, however, in a postpone
ment of the decisions until the next term.
At the end of every term the cases which
have been submitted are carried -ovef .
The arguments in insular cases, were con
cluded on January 11 and little more than
four months have elapsed since. In 'many
important cases a much longer time has
passed between the close ¦ of arguments
and the announcement of the . decisions. ¦
Special > Dispatch to The Call.
Possibility of Delay in Dis
position of Insular
Cases.
Forecast' of Decisions
From the Supreme
, Court.
WILL SUSTAIN
ADMINISTRATION
At th» State Mining BuVeau there are
ready for distribution maps and reg
isters of the following Cala
veras, Siskiyou, Trinity and Plumas.
The maps of Mariposa and Tuolumne
counties are being prepared. There is
also ready for distribution a bulletin giv
ing a description of the mother fode re
gion. *
The Placervllle Nugget reports that at
the Mount Hope Mine on the east belt
a road is being graded that ore may be
hauled to the mill. Four thousand feet
of pipe has been recently laid to conduct
air from the compressor on the river to
the shaft. A hoist, two drills and a
pump are operated by air. The drills
now in use are giving satisfaction. Work
is being prosecuted at the 200-foot • level.
The Mount Hope ledge lies between the
mountain granite and the Mariposa slate.
On the proposed route of the Salt Lake
road, in Death Valley, on the Funeral
Mountains, Robert Montgomery of Los
Angeles has located gold and copper
properties that will later be developed.
Several years ago Mr. Montgomery, who
is a well-known operator, found these
properties, but as railroad transportation'
was an unknown problem, they were not
located. With the promise of transporta
tion, Mr. Montgomery readily found the
ledges that for years had been forgotten.
Clifford Fleming is associated with Mont
gomery in these and other properties in
the desert section. While the ore on the
Funeral Mountains is not high grade, the
ledges are reported to be wide.
¦ The Adelaide auicksilver mines in San
Luis Obispo County have started.operat
ing.
The Black Bear quartz mine has been
sold by John Daggett to Boston parties
for $160,000, Daggett retaining a small in
terest.
Funeral Mountain Copper.
The mine of William Plnkston at Big Bend
is to be further developed by sinking deeper.
Saville Bros, will drive the shaft down. At
the Clark mine, near Big Bend, gravel Is be
ing drifted and washed as rapidly as possible
with the scant supply of water. Thornton, Wing
& Co. have struck a good piece of gravel on
the north fork a short distance below the Wing
& Malone claim.
Butte County Diamonds.
The Oroville Mercury says:
Butte County diamonds are again attracting
attention. For some time a man named Thomp
son has been at Cherokee searching for precious
gems. Lately he has shifted the scene of his
operations to Big Bend, where he believes he
has found unmistakable evidences of diamond
deposits which, if his view is correct, occupy
a strip extending diagonally across country and
including Cherokee, where gems have been dis
covered occasionally for several years. Another
alleged diamond expert has been at Cherokee
for several days and is "reported to have been
buying such stones as were for sale, probably
for speculative purposes.. : • .
The Amador Dispatch says the Amador-
Phoenix Gold Mining Company is the'
name of an incorporation that has taken
possession of the Particelli-Spagnoli mine
near Irlshtown, which will proceed to at
once develop the property. The directors
are R. C. Rust, president; John Ross Jr.
vice president; S. G. Spagnoli, treasurer;
L. J. Fontenrose, secretary; A. M. Gall
James E. Dye and W J. Nettle. The com
pany has a six-stamp mill, which will be
put up at once, as there is ore enough on
the dump and in sight to keep such a mill
running five or six months.
¦ In both placer and quartz . workings opera
tions are being pushed with vigor in Siskiyou
County. ThR spell of. warm weather, causing
the snow to melt quickly, has furnished ail
abundance of water for all purposes and pros
pecting is being done on a large scale, the
Yreka papers sayins that-there are more men
In the_ field than has been the case for a long
time. Th^ mountain ranges ol' Salmon and
Klamath will In all probability disclose some
new and valuable deposits as a result of the
present covering of that promising mineral
field. ¦ Hyoranlic work on the Salmon River
soes on night and day, full advantage being
taken of the supply of water. There are no
idle men in the Salmon sectiun, and never be
fore In die history of Siskiyou County has
there been such a demand for labor of all
kinds as at present. The opening of so many
new mines in the western and northern part
of the county has caused a demand for many
miners and every one Wio comes along receives
employment readily, while the* large number of
mill plants in the southern part take the sur
plus traveling workingmen.
The Bedding Searchlight says:
side, as may be desired. The managers
feel confident that good pay will be real
ized, as the bedrock ' contains considerable
gold dust of coarse variety, including nug
gets. Some of the ground has been tapped
by miners getting down to bedrock with
crude pumping machinery during dry sea
sons of the '50 and '60 periods, but only at
high points.
The Mother Lode Bulletin reports that
the Mapes mining property in Tuolumne
County has been bounded to' W. E. Coal.
The stamps at the Hope mine have been
hung up. The parties operating the prop
erty desired an extension of seventy days
on the bond and tiie consent ' of Ralston
was given, but he required that there
should be no crushing of ore during the
prescribed time.
Greater- activity has obtained in the
mines of Southern Oregon than ever be
fore, says the Oregon Mining Journal.
This is due in part to the unusually large
output of gold the preceding year, which
was greater than any year for the past
twenty. The. yield this year should not
be less than that of last, for the reason
that better and more perfect preparation
was made for work than heretofore.
A Lively Season.
The dredger at Hawkinsville, in Yreka
Creek, seems to be doing well. The Jour
nal says it was started last week and is
clearing up bedrock gravel. , The water
has been pumped out of the bedrock
gravel and three pumps keep it out. As
soon as the bedrock is cleaned up within
reach of the steam paddy the pumps are
stopped to let the basin fill in order to
float the dredger further up or to either
State Mineralogist Aubury is carrying
out his promise to study the mineral re
sources of the State along practical lines.
The first point of attack is copper.' Mr.'
Aubury says that in the State Mineralo
gist's ,repdrts heretofore, if !a reader,
sought for information about any particu
lar metal, he was compelled to read
through many pages, finding bits here and
there. His intention is to have bulletins
for various topics.. The copper bulletin
will be the first of a series, and very like
ly Quicksilver will be the next metal to
be exploited from the practical side, as*
contradistinguished from the purely sci
entific method of treatment. In pursuance
of his idea Mr. Aubury has directed Frank
M. Anderson, assistant in the field, to ex
amine the" copper deposits and copper
mines of -Shasta, Siskiyou, Trinity and
Del Norte counties.- Every county in the
State where copper is known to. exist will
be visited by field assistants. The results
of their observations will. be. embodied in
one circular, which ¦ will give all the In
formation available about copper.
Work in the Mines.
Butte County Hope/ul That
Diamonds Will Be Found .
There.
Mining Operations Brisk
in North Along All
> Lines; ~
AUBURY MAKING
COPPER SEARCH
The first overt act of the striking wait
ers occurred last night about 11 o'clock in
front of the Chicago Restaurant on Sixth
street. A woman attempting to elter the
.restaurant was seized by a waiter doing
picket duty and prevented from entering
the eating house. A crowd collected and
trouble was Imminent. Police officers
drove the crowd away, but the woman re
fused to make a complaint.
Striker Grabs a Woman.
This plan was decided upon at a confer
ence held between President James H.
Bowman and other representatives of. the
Chicago Federation of Labor and Presi
dent Samuel Gompera, Vice - President
Thomas I. Kldd and Treasurer John B.
Lennoh, composing, a committee of the
executive council of the American Feder
ation of Labor. •
-. . ; to. Be Consolidated.; . '. . . ¦.•:. ."
CHICAGO, -llay 25.— At the suggestion
of President • Samuel s Gompers of the
American Federation of Labor a move
ment was started to-day to cement all
labor organizations of Chicago into one
great' central, body, which shall officially
represent the 100,000 union men of the city.
This is to be done through the absorption
by the Chicago Federation of Labor of the
other smaller central bo'dies now repre
senting various lines of trade and the
gathering of unions not' now affiliated
with the central organizations.
All cf the Labor Organizations Are
GEEAT ITNnoir FOB CHICAGO.
Both at the headquarters of the striking
machinists, at Sixth and Clara streets,
and the rooms occupied by those who are
directing the affair nothing was doing.
The doors were closed early and the prin
cipals retired for a much-needed rest. It
appears unlikely that any definite result
will _be reached for some time to .come,
but there is a general feeling that a har
monious adjustment will be reached pend
ing negotiations leaning that way.
The Coast Seamen's Union has asked all
affiliated bodies to contribute to the cause
of the striking workingmen. It is proposed
to raise a fund of $1000 outside of the per
capita tax of 5 cents per week imposed
by the Labor Council.
. Machinists and all machine-shop hands will
please return tools and tool-boxes to tool
room, and obtain clearance cards at once. Ma
chinists and all machine-shop hands having
clearance cards will be paid in full Monday,
May 27, between 2 and 2:30 p. m.— Risdon Iron
Works. - " • ¦_ ¦ ¦
; The. Risdon. following the lead of the
Union Iron Works, has posted this no
tice: - . -
in Harmonious Adjustment.
LOCAL STRIKE SITUATION.
Negotiations Pending May Besuit
this city shows that sixty-seven firms
have agreed to -the nine-hour work day
with compensation for ten hours. Of
these : forty . were pledged to the change
before ... the strike was ordered, twenty
seven employers having made the conces
sion since Monday. About 2800 men are at
work under the new conditions, 2000 are
on strike and 1200 remain in the shops un
der the ten-hour scale. •
PHILADELPHIA, May 25.— The end of
.the first week of the machinists' strike in
PITTSBURG, -Pa.,' 'May 25.-President
James O'Connell of -the International As
sociation of Machinists, who was here to
day,'^3aid that 24,090. machinists .are on
strike throughout the country, while 52,
000 have returned to work.* This . equals the
total number of machinists in the organ
ization. ? President O'Connell predicts an
early settlement with all the manufactur
ers. ...
Sixty-Seven Firms in Phila
delphia Agree to the
\ Demands.
President of Machinists
\ Predicts an Early
Peace.
STRIKERS HOPE
FOR SETTLEMENT
Woundec— May 13, Lupl, Luzon, Com
pany B, Ninth Cavalry, First Sergeant
Jesse Thrower, wounded ; in leg above
knee, serious.
Unless Generals Cailies and Malver sur
render quickly, General MacArthur will
concentrate a strong force of American
troops and surround them. Cailies is
vainly hoping for a guarantee from the
American authorities that he will not be
tried for the murders and atrocities he
is alleged to have committed. Malvar is
boasting that he will be the last insurgent
to surrender. \
• The attempt ef General Hughes to ac
complish the surrender of the insurgent
leader Lucban on the Island of Samar is
without result.
Battery F of the Fiith Artillery, former
ly commanded by the late Captain Henry
J. Reilly, has arrived here from China.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— The following
casualty list from the Philippine cam
paign has been received at the War De
partment from General MacArthur:
Killed— April 28, Jlminez, Mindanao,
Company G. Fortieth Infantry, John Mi
telhone; May 17, near Pasacao, Luzon,
Company I, Eighth Infantry, ' James C.
Harvey: Company B, Twenty-sixth In
fantry, Lawrence O'Hara and Samuel R.
Cox.
Provost General Davis, .who has re
viewed the testimony in the Carman
cases, said to a correspondent that while
Carman could be convicted of trading
•with the insurgents, it would be unjust
to punish him when nearly every 'trader
in Manila is guilty o£ similar practices.
The prosecution against D. M. Carman,
Senor Carranza and .. others ; accused of
trading with the Insurgents has been
abandoned. The military authorities con
sider that although the convictions of a
number of - Manila merchants would be
practically certain were the Investigations
to continue," their prosecutions would be
inexpedient, as the consequent damage to
business would outweigh the good accom
plished. " -
MANILA. May 23.-Captain Michael
Spellman, Lieutenant Delbert R. Jones
and* Surgeon • Dudley , W. Welch of j Com
pany . G, Forty-third, Infantry, stationed
at Maasin, Southern Leyte. have been ar
rested on charges of trading in permits
to ship henip from the closed ports and
will be tried by court-martial. It has not
been determined whether Manila hemp*
buyers are directly implicated.
Prosecution of ; Carman and
Others for Trading With
Rebels Is Abandoned.
Three Army Officers to
Be Tried by Court-
Martial.
ILLICITLY USE
CLOSED PORTS
port of the constitutional convention'*
committee on relations was withdrawn,
to-day and there was substituted for It
a report drawn up by five delegates—
Senores Glberga.Berrie]. Quesada, Tamayo
and Villuendas. This report is signed by
the last three named, constituting a ma
jority of the committee on relations.
.It accepts the PlaU amendment, addls?
an appendix including Secretary Root's
explanation, which is quoted as being offi
cial. It refers to clauses 1 and 2 and
states that the stipulations contained
therein. are internal constitutional limita
tions which do not restrict the power of
the Government of Cuba to freely oon
clude political and mercantile treaties J
.with any nation nor in Its power to con
tract loans or debts, except with regard
to being bound to subject Itself to what
is established in the constitution and what
is laid down in the two clauses. The re
port will be voted upon Monday.
HAVANA, May 23.— The majority re-
Final Vote on the Much-Dls
cussed Measure Now to
Be Taken.
Committee of Delegates
Will Make Favor-
CUBANS AGREE
ON AMENDMENT
Dr. McLean stated that Russell had ln
xormed him of his suspicions, but he told
him that he did not think the case war
ranted an Investigation, as he was satis
fied that death was due to dysentery.
..Mrs. McGucken called at Captain Sey
( PS? 1 " s offl ce last nigrht and expressed her
J Indignation at the story and said it was
the result of spite on the part of enemies.
She denied that she had poisoned her hus
band. She claimed that he was a very
heavy drinker and that death was due to
ills excesses.
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi could find
no traces of poison in the dead man's
stomach. The contents were sent to the
city chemist, however, for analysis.
Mrs. McGucken Is Ac
cused of a Serious
Crime; "v
Police Refuse to Hold Her
and Say She Has Been ,
Abused.
Mrs. James McGucken of 622 Capp street
has been called upon by the police to ex
plain the death of her husband. James
McGucken, a laborer, who died on Tues
day last. He was insured for $1000 in Red
wood Camp, Woodmen of the World, and
a committee from that organization has
xiaa trie body exhumed, and If traces of
poison are tound in the stomach the
•woman will be called upon to answer a
eerlous charge.
The body was exhumed yesterday by
tjproa«r Iceland and the stomach sent to
the city chemist for examination. Cap
tain Seymour has investigated the case
very thoroughly and is of the opinion the
y? 1^. Innocent of wronsrdoing:. He
detailed Detectives Wren and Dlnan to
look Into the matter, and thieir Investiga
tions have 6tren**hened his belief in her
Innocence.
Fred C. Russell,- clerk of Redwood
£*°I p i of the World, visited
Captain Seymour yesterday and admitted
that he had nothing on which to base a
charge against Mrs. McGucken other than
etatements made to him by McGucken
at various times when the last named
¦was under the influence of drink. Jt ap
pears that Mrs. McGucken's first husband,
John McGucken, was a brother of the one
recently deceased. The first husband died
on October l, 1897. from dysentery, and the
•widow was paid $1000 by Redwood Camp.
A year after John died the widow mar
ried James McGucken, a laborer, who had
the reputation of being a heaw drinker.
Russell stated to Captain Seymour that
James McGucken had. informed him ex
various times that his wife only lived with
him because his life was Insured. A
strange coincidence is the fact that both
husbands died of dysentery. In his state
ment Russell said:
"I was talking: to Mrs. &£oGucken about
insurance and she told me that when she
was living In New York an agent asked
her to insure her children. I believe that
they paid so much a week. She said she
Insured one of the children and It died
¦within three weeks after she had done
BO.
CORONER LELAND
EXHUMES BODY
THE - SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -- MAY 26, v 1901.
A scientist has discovered that house
'clcanins is , caused by a microbe,
25
THE DAY'S DEAD.
AMUSEMENTS.
STRICTURED g W i Hw£ I IN 15 DAYS!
19,846-CDRES PORING LAST YEAR-19,846
"IVhy the Frightful Tension of Stricture Is Bissohed Like Snow
Beneath the Snn— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
r ~*~
. We answer the ques- ICO UTTBRNAIi DRUGGING TO RUTJf THXJ
tiont briefly. If you cut STOMACH. The 8t. James treatment 1* local.
grtT^^Blv an artery in 'j-our arm direct and poeltlre. '
f^&Sgk m?<li^ Ot t^ ke .t!^ ter^ f St. Jame. treatment 1. prepared la the
/ A?*^X3i flow of blooi YOU r °T 1 c { «"*y°n«. ver * narrow, amooth, flexible
(^ &£f&3 USE LOCAiTaPPU- ??* w , holljr e °l u *l«. which are ln.erted into
yV& &&&££ CATIONS Similarly * h « water pa.**, at night, where they dlswlve
rr i r^Vim VARICOCELF
r»achee the eeat of die- T * V * *-* %•!-» Ku. Li
ease. The •emlaal dncti project Into the ure- Varicocele la an accumulation of - atunriah
thral can*! throurh the Prostate Gland, aad Wood ln the Twins of the scrotum, dnesolely
are easily reached byLOCAL TREATMENT, to Imperfect circulation and has Its ortrln in
Dr. Carter". "Gran-Soiveaf ec-luble Bourfes lA^**?**'?*}??** Prostate Oland. Opera-
wlU *-**. a.r~t end forever remove «?Z£J2&fiZSL £S Sri^rSTSZcurS!
CTDITTf TDF ' * e } ngl * caM> Q^-Solvent heals the ProsUtU
SI RIC 1 U Ktl
la IS ears, without pain. Injury or Ineonrenl- replaced by pure, healthy red blood.
ence The bougies are inserted at nJgrht and Thousands of men strlctured. weak, wastlnr
act While you sleep. "Gran-Solvent" removes and despondent were cured and restored by the
evtuy symptom of stricture, leaving; the canal St. James method last year. A vast army ot
as healthy as when nature formed It. NO men ln whom the llrht of life has penetrated
BRUTAL. CUTTING OR DIX.ATTNG. NO IN- the fearful nlrhtmare of stricture and •emlnal
JDCTTOXS TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. 1 deoay.
iiAjitr TBPATMPNT BY MH«-™.BB USED BY THE PATIEHT
nUinjb IKCAlffltDll AS SUCCESSFULLY AS; BY ODRSELYES.
£r>ace will not permit a complete description of the Incomparable Bt Jamea treatment la
Urethral Diseases.' Every sufferer from Stricture, and the offspring. Prostatitls and Semi,
nal Weakness, should write to the St James Association. 250 St. J&mes <— _ —^ .__ __
Bulldlnr, Cincinnati. Ohio, for their Illustrated work ehowinr the parts Ij 1 U KT* ¥7*
cf the buman eystem Involved ln Urethral Ailments, which they send toj 1 XlIjCl
' -male applicants, eecurely wrapped in plain packar«i prepaid. .~ ~~~mmm
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FREE.
ST. JAMES ASSN., 250 ST. JAMES BLDG., CINCINNATI, 0.
9tee9c®9eo99ooee®«eo9oeo«9eoo90ft6eeo®oooe«ee&oo«o«*e9e9oeaeocees9«o0
• - •' ' ' ' ' ' - '¦ ¦'. •..-. .. - _____ I -j_ - '"'¦• ' - ; " '.¦ ' ¦ i --. '¦_ ¦ •
• ¦ ¦ ' CIT *T* F"^_» 1_? 1VT_T^ T^ f \(^^ 5
5 couraged, short of breath, weak nerved, lacking the &
• jWJK^^^O^fefc^^SKwfS^w Rrit> the " sand " which is the possession of vigorous •
• W^^^SM^^^^sSl^^^slS^^y strength. They need Electricity, which is animal vi- •
S '^[^Ii\_mIvNKb i^P^lM—F^BHllI^^^ tricity, as I apply it. is a source of new life to all %
1 iH9H[ Dr. McLaughlin's . Electric Belt!
• M^S<^^^muHffllw!> Restores the snap, the vim and vigor of youth. Any person who wear3 •
™" ™HQmHlill it can be a giant in mental and physical development. Are you weak, 5
• , fir M ¦«— (Ttff^Blfl ' have you pains in the back, varicocele, weak stomacb. constipation, 0
S %- jnhfl|BHnAyuiM«Rw\ -• lumbago, rheumatism, or overworked? My method of applying elec- q
Z . MT—iirle^P^^wBWI tricity while you sleep at night will cure you. It fills the nerves and •
A lBinrPllwWrr^^^^¥im I>B " M> A " McI^ aLTJGHLIN — Dear Slr: x suffered from Inm- %
• ¦ lilR bago. pains and sciatica for thirty years bef ore using your El ectria 6
O "' w|_H^^3Srf^^^Swi\^^i»n treatment, " and in two months your -wonderful Belt entirely cured *•
• I IB iBi^^B^nt BHIhI ImiIIm fl me * * believe from 'my experience that there is nothing 1 liie the •
S /MllilH \i$i lKk«S\ Jyr - McLaughlin ¦ Electric Belt HTJOH FRASER, J
• £liHHHl\\^KW ?¦¦''*£¦¦** -V : : ' r: 219^ Elm avenue, San Francisco. 0
S *" JmI]I« ImIhI Mtlp'luM^m^i I guarantee a cure if I say I can cure. I don't ask any one to £
• jfflfHlliSfe nfflWBIIBl take chances on my invention. It doesn't cost you anything if I fail. •
S /f/lffidl I miHfflreAXvV IrarouU E«l\\gaigK!\ If yo " are tlred °* treatments that fall. I want you to study my plan, and when
• VUmI ffllffllOWV ill llWl\l\\^MlHr ' r ° U SPECIAI/ NOTICE.— If you have an old'belt of any other make which has burned •
• ••mllu\lMW™ilHB\\\\H^\\\\y «-nd blistered you, or one that did not possess electricity, brln? it In and I Trill 9
Z llraliAlTO^NMH'H^ allow you one-half the price of mine for it. I sriv« a free test to all who calL If m
3 . ' 1— &\v\\\\TwEI you can>t caJ1 * win send you . my b * autlfull y Illustrated book with full Information a
5 [BHSJll OFFICE HOURS- 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. £
A iMftttluffll raWwM II NOTE— "When you us« Dr. McLaughlin'B Electric Belt you are under the care of Q
Z *¦",".- lyHCTywfflll vfKR1|l a physician. Agents or drug stores are never allowed to sell these cooda. When £
• lSn \/l V"' market street, S
• UK. Me L.. lYlGLAUvjilLIIN,: San Francisco, CaL : . •gave a smoker in the Fost-Jtreet wigwam,
which proved to be one of the most select
affairs of the kind ever given by a tribe
of Red Men.
Sotoyome Tribe on last Thursday night
adopted several palefaces. Past Sachem
H. S. Wilcox was presented a very hand
some emblematic gold badge. Next Thurs
day night the tribe wfll have a coffee and
cake meeting for the benefit of the mem
bers and their friends.
Young Men's Institute.
Grand President L. E. Mahan reports
that there Is an unusual activity in the
several councils which he has officially
visited this month and that the member
ship In each is earnest and enthusiastic
in the work of the order.
Last Thursday he visited Oakland an^»
Alameda lodges In the hall of Oak-J
land Council in Oakland, and on the 24th
he attended a. joint meeting at head
quarters, at 24 Fourth street, this city,
which was visited by Golden Gate, Pio
neer. Mission. Columbia, Phil Sheridan,
Borromean, Portola and Torke councils.
The object of holding district meetings 13
that the membership of the several coun
cils shall have the benefit of the same in
struction and advice.
rangements to visit a number of lodges In
the southern Dart- of 'the State. On the
11th of June he will -.visit- Paso Rbbles,
12th, San" Luis Obispo; 13th. Santa Bar
bark; 14th, Ventura, and 15th, Santa Pau
la. The following week he will.be in ; Lios
Angeles and. visit all the lodges there and
those in the vicinity.
Grand Overseer Dr. Browning will visit
Fortuna Lodge in Napa on June 12.
Past Grand Master Vinter will during
the summer visit a large number of lodges
in the interest of the order.
;¦';£¦,'¦ r National Union- :-. ' -,
The following councils have elected del
egates to" the National Union Assembly,
which is to. meet on the 18th of June:
California. Council— F. H. Hastings,' P. A.
Doane. T. J. Harris, W. A. S. Nicholson,
C. H. Van Orden. - El Dorado Council— J.
W. Cuthbert, H. Kraus, C. Schuldt. M. H.
"Wascerwitz: Pacific Council— J. H. CuL
ter, A. *G. Maass. \ ''¦' '
Pacific Council gave a "ladles' night" at
its last, meeting and ontertalned the guestb
with duplicate whist, Mr. and Mrs. Levy
winning first prize, and George Bush and
Miss Lulu Becker the second prize.
San Francisco Council has chosen Dr.
A. H. Millberry as its delegate to the as
sembly. '
San Francisco Council has « chosen Dr.
A. H. Mlllberry to represent it in the
assembly.- . ' * .
At the session of California Council
last Tuesday night nine candidates were
initiated in the long form in the presence
of a good attendance. After the close of
the meeting the council was turned over
to Speaker L. Vincent, who furnished a
good programme of musical and oratori
cal entertainment, including addresses by
President W. A. S. Nicholson and Past
Presidents Arter and Cutberth. Vice
President Ford was elected a delegate to
the assembly, vice F. H. Hastings, who,
at the previous session, had been elected
without the knowledge that his position
as senator entitles him to representation
in the assembly without election from his
council. California Council will move Into
new quarters in the Pioneer building and
it is expected that the first meeting will
be held there In the first week of July,
when the change will be marked by a
grand patriotic entertainment.
At 'the session of the San Francisco
Cabinet last Thursday night it was de
cided to take action, if- possible, in the
line of having a ladies' -auxiliary to the
order in this city, to be composed of la
dies who shall - assist the councils at
social functions. If the committee to.
whom the matter has been referred ia ad
verse to this proposition then an effort
will be made to give quarterly socials to
which ladles are to be invited. *
"Woodmen of tlie "World.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 has made ar
rangements fdr a social observance of
Memorial day on the 9th of June/ In the
morning a committee will visit the several
cemeteries and decorate the graves of de
ceased neighbors and later. In the day all
the neighbors of the camp, with their fam
ilies and friends, will attend a memorial
service in- Native Sons' Hall at 2? o'clock,
when there will be appropriate music,
vocal and Instrumental,. and addresses in
remembrance of departed neighbors of the
camp. David Oliver Jr.. Is chairman of
rSi. colnnilttee of arrangements.
The entertainment that was srtven last
Monday night by Tamalpais Camp, as no
ticed in the- local columns on the follow
ing day, was a great success. The dance
music was furnished by the camp's own
wi.fl!^ • ? J* * l£ L the onI y camD of the
jurisdiction that has such a band. This
camp has. been receiving a number of ap
plications lately and it has - already ob-
Hffii!? tWrty- candidates, who will be in-
IV d^,KL; a i, m rS?? ter meeting- to be held
J n «^ t v ( T t hls cam P has also secured
ne^SerSnn^n? 11 ti3SS£SS£$$
S,K b'eYo^owe^^^ancr 1
Foresters of I America.
TheV following grand court committees
have been appointed: Transportation— E
Hayden. :C.>L. Scharff and.E. Cordeglla.
Auditing— J. Caiman, A. Glover F Hem
berger. Arbitration-J. -R. r^f c *- g ein -
McDevitt. -sB.-. Coughlin, J. Fdpp&no • H
"asftffiftKri „» r,e w -oS' n f:
v Court Sutro Heights ia still in the > fore
front of the local courts," and while it is
not : "bragging. 1 V it i 8 taking in -. members
every.month. vlt; is, or.e;of the progres-,
Blve, cautious, courts ; of ..' the : Jurisdiction
that wants members •- who,"* when * they
join;»jfall ; stay*, and not ; drop out 'after,
having been In a few months. It. will give
an outing on July 2S.
Court Zenith gave its fourteenth annual
celebration on last Wednesday In the so
cial hall of the Alcazar bulldine. There
was an interesting programme of varied
numbers, dancing and a banquet. Dur
ing the evening Past Chief Ranger. Fred
erick Klein was presented by the court
with a handsome emblematic ring in rec
ognition of faithful service while in the
chair. The dance programme was under
the direction of E. W. Haughy. the floor
manager, assisted by Henry Bruns.
Grand Sub-Chief Ranger E. . L Wolfe
was tendered a reception by Court Gold
en Gate last Thursday night.
The team of Court United States of
America paid a visit last Friday night to
the court in San Jose to perform the in
itiatory work. # • ;
Court Golden Era will give Its quarterly
social in Pythian Castle on June 12. on
which occasion there will be a special ova
tion to Past Chief Ranger M. Levy, who
recently returned as a delegate from
The' executive council will hold its first
meeting on the 4th of June. The supreme
representatives have been invited to at-
Club Hubertus will picnic at Green Val
ley Park and Club Washington will pic
nic at Fernbrook Park on the 9th inst
The Sanctuary of Shepherds of America.
a new social feature of the order, will be
instituted in this city next, month. ;
Court Seal Rock's social club will give
its twelfth annual picnic at Schuetzen
Park to-day.
American Companions.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Miss Allc«
Ticoulet paid a visit last Thursday night
to Excelsior Circle and was well received.
" Grand Trustee Mrs. H. Worms Dald a
visit last week to Concordia Circle In Sac
ra Last t Mondav nteht Miss Bessie Borren
of Bay City Circle was tendered a surprise
party in- the social hall of the Alcazar
building and the affair waa a pleasant
O1 Inter Nos Circle at its last held meeting
elected officers for the ensuing term. This
circle has completed all arrangements for
Its cotillon to be given on Tuesday even
ing next in Union Square Hall:
Knights of Honor.
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of Honor
at a recent meeting initiated thirteen can
didates and willhave fifteen more to ini
tiate n.t-its next. - - : . '
Grand Dictator Archibald returned last
week from a. visit to the lodges at Fresno
and Merced and found both in good con
dition, the members active and working
well to Increase the membership. ' '
On the night . of , the 18th inst. Grand
Dictator P. L- Archibald, Grand Vice
Dictator Charles H. Holcomb, .Grand
Guide Joseph Schulte Jr. and Professor
Irwin Passmore and John B. Hlckman of
Monterey Grove, paid an official visit- to
Salinas Lodge at Salinas, on which occa
sion they assisted .in the initiation of a
class of forty-two strangers. After the
Initiation the following named officers
were elected and Installed by the grand
officers for the current term: N. P. Ben
gard, P. D.; E. Jamison. D.; Steve Cas
tro, V. D.;C. F. Rosendo, A. D.; J. B.
Murley, G.; R. E. Chavoya.-C:: Dr. Mol
gaard, T,; A. H. Jones Jr., R. ; Henry
Rick, F. R.: H. Prader, G.; W. F. Mur
back, S. ; W. J. Gilson, Edwin Jeffries
and Guy "Wilson, trustees.. This was fol
lowed by a nexcellent banquet, served In
an adjoining hall,' which was very taste
fully decorated for the occasion. .The
table "was in the shape of a horseshoe
and more than a hundred occupied seats
at it. All had a knightly time. * • .
The ¦ grand dictator has » directed the
•grand organizer- to continue .his efforts
In San Jose. Mr.' Bandholt says that with
the assistance of Dictator Dr. H. J. B.
Wright and Reporter ; W.- J. Lean of San
Jose Lodge, he will increase the member
ship by fifty in six weeks. - ,
Improved OTder of Bed Men.
Great Sachem Brandon, Great Sagamore
Boyes and Past Great Sachem Chase paid
a "visit ?" last • week ".to Althamoa . Tribe.
.There was interesting oratory on matters
relating tr> the order.: , '¦*
- . Great Sachem Brandon, visited the tribe
in Point Richmond last -week and instruct
ed it in the work of the order. , .
, The great chief of . records waa In evi
dence at the, entertainment given In Val
lejo , recently '• In celebration - of ; Tammany
day "by 'the tribe and circle there.- The
following night- he was with the tribe >m
Benicia. Last week he visited the new
tribe in Santa Clara to assist In the'initla
,tion of a' class of twenty-two palefaces.- * ¦
, Last Monday night Blazing Arrow Tribe
>"-\'K the nigh£ of the 18th inst,
/TV"sA . previous to initiation in Tem-
A \\ \\ plar Rebekah Lodge, Mrs. Al-
IV \\ ~1/ ma Isabel Jensen, who during
\^>A^<* the past term was marshal of
the California Assembly and at
the last held session was elect
ed warden, which places her In line of
promotion to the presidency of the assem
bly, was presented by Mrs. Allie Parker
on behalf of the 'delegates to the assem
bly from District No. 5 with an elegant
floral heart. A costly ring set with pre
cious Btories was then presented to her
-by Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, junior past dep
uty of the district. In appreciation and ad
-miration of her as a Rebekah and an of
•ficer. Mrs. Jensen by her kindly and
pleasing manner won over to her many
friends, as was manifested at the election
for warden, when she was chosen by an
overwhelming majority over five other
candidates, - ¦
' The latest military exhibition by San
Francisco Drill Corps No. 2 was as pretty
an affair In the way of drill as any one
could desire.
•The report that- was presented by Miss
Margery ' Jennings, chairman of the dele
gates from Loyal Lodge to that body, last
Monday night was one of the best that
has ever been presented to that lodge.
While It was voluminous. It was interest
ing, comprehensive and correct, and here
and there was a streak of humor. She
was highly commended for the report.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will give a bon
bon party in the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' building on next Wednesday
night. It is to be a complimentary func
tion and will be under the direction of
that very competent noble grand Miss
Mattie Webb; whose work In the lodge
room has been most favorably commented
upon. On the «th of June this lodge will
entertain Oakland Rebekah Lodge.
Eastern Star.
The Besslon of California Chapter In
Commandery Hall, Masonic Temple, on
the night of the 18th inst, has been the
talk of Eastern Star people during the
past week. The new accessories were
most favorably commented upon, particu
larly the Ionic, Doric. Corinthian, Etrus
can and composite columns, 4 which, sur
mounted with crystal bowls, each contain
. ing flowers of a different color, marked
the five points of the central star. These
pillars, an Innovation in chapter para
phernalia, are a most attractive addition,
and the chapter was highly complimented
for having introduced them. Accompany
ing these are I very . pretty chairs for -the
use of the ladles of the star. At the ban
quet which followed the ceremonies of the
evening nearly 400 partook of the chap
ter's hospitality. The speakers of the
' evening were Grand Matron Mrs. Bowes,
Grand Patron Conant, Associate Grand
Matron Mrs. Miller, Grand Secretary Mrs.
Willats. Grand Treasurer Mrs. Runyon,
Grand Chaplain Mrs. Dalton, Grand Elacta
Mrs. Frink. Pa3t Grand Patrons Flint and
Darling, Past Most Worthy Grand Ma
trons Mrs. Flint and Mrs. Partridge,. Mrs.
Snook and Mrs. Mason of the Presidential
party. Past Grand Treasurer Mrs. Vaw
ter and Past Grand Associate Matrons
Mre. Perkins and Mrs. Boyd. The music
during the evening was: Lute selections,
Samuel AdelstMn; vocal selections, by
Mrs. Ralph Hathorn. seprano; Miss Es
ther Phillips, contralto; William Collins,
tenor, and George B. Ferguson, barytone.
Harmony Chapter at its meeting last
Thursday had several petitions, which
were appropriately referred. After the
closing of the chapter there was an hour
of dancing.
Next Tuesday night Ivy Chapter will
have work in the initiatory degree, after,
which there will be one of those pleasant
reunions in the banquet hall for which
this chapter is noted. '
Last Tuesday the grand matron and the
grand patron paid a visit to the chapter in
San Jose.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats paid a
visit to Electa Chapter, in Modesto, last
Tuesday night, on which, occasion .there
was initiatory work,- one of the candidates
being Mrs. Needham, wife of the Con
gressman.of that name. " -. ; • :
The Odd Fellows. ?,.
At the annual election of the Odd Fel
lows' Hall Association last week the fol
lowing were elected directors for the cur
rent term: C. M. Mason, T. R, Morse, A.
Pauba, J. W. Perry, C. E*. Post, Charles
Quast, J. S.-Reed, A, B. Richet C. Roe
ber, William Rotrosky. CharJes Stallman,
T. Steiner, H. Stern. C. Trautner, E. R.
Thrane, F. W. Warren, I. Wehle, Joseph
Winterburn, C. E. Benedict, W. H. Blun
den, Caleb Brind, A. H. Cousins, J. R.
Daly, J. Deas, Thomas Elam, E. O. Flan
ders, J. A. Foster, O. Grand, C. P. Gib
bons, Joseph Greenberg, T. Hock, J. W.
Harris, E. A. Hermann, H. Joost, R. H.
Lloyd, Davis Louderback. The associa
tion has had a prosperous year, and the
reports of the officers' are very encourag
ing. ' The income for the past year was
greater than for a number of years past,
and the expenses less. The directors met
for organization and chose the following
officers: President, J. W. Harris; vice
president, W. H. Blunden; secretary, C.
F. O'Nell.' Director ' R. H. Lloyd wasi
chosen attorney for the board, and the
Band of California as treasurer. The pres
ident appointed the following committees
to serve for the year: Hall and rental
committee— A. H. Cousins, F. W. Warren
and C. E. Benedict; auditing committee-
Theodore Steiner, John S. Reed and To
bias Hock; finance committee— Davis
Louderback, Hermann Stein and T. R.
Morse.
Grand Patriarch Gummoe and Past
Grand Patriarch Lord are making visita
tions in the southern part of the State.
The grand patriarch Is creating a great
deal of enthusiasm wherever he visits. -
Native Daughters..
On .the night of the 11th inst. Golden
State Parlor of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West celebrated Its eleventh
.aiiniyersay'at a banquet which was at
tended ;by- a large number of the mem
bers -and a few, sDecially Invited guests.
r>r. E. S.Merritt spoke about the women
of California, and there ,were. addresses
by Misses Tillie Ducker, Millie 'Tietjen,
Freda von Staden and Johanna Meyer. .
Sans SoucI Parlor will grve-an entertain
ment and dance in Friendship Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building to-morrow night
under direction of the good of the order
committee, composed of Mesdames Minnie
F. Dobbin, chairman; A. J. Munson, Edna
Levy, Mary Mooney and Hattie Wester
feld. The .numbers will be presented by
professionals, who will be under the man-,
apement of Archie Levy.- ¦¦:•
Two new parlors will soon be instituted,
one at Pleasanton and the other at Blue
Lakes,' Humboldt County. ' ¦ •
Grand Secretary Miss Frakes paid a visit
last week to Oro Flno Parlor and was
most courteously received.
The entertainment given in the Native
Sons' Hall In aid of its fund for the sick
by Calaveras, the Beauty Parlor of San
Hutton of Hartnagle Chapter have al
ready secured the applications of several
of those who. are to be delegates to the
grand grove and they will be Initiated
during the grand grove session.
The general committee of the • local
groves has thus far. decided, that it will
•entertain the delegates to the grand grove
at a- ball and banquet and at- the next
mce-ting may decide on other features. '.
G. P. Codon of the grove of Salinas was
in this city last week In the interest of
having Salinas named as the next place
of meeting of the grand grove. • .
s Boma Grove ot Oakland has had an: in
cieE.se of. ' elghtx.-three : during the past
year. - *¦ ¦¦ --*,„..-'•. ~ > *~ . ¦¦
'-¦ The Druidesses."' • . -
Last' Monday knight Olympic .Circle .in
itiated several • strangers, the: work- being
done in a most creditable manner by Arch
Druidess Mrs. 1 Jacobsen, assisted by' Mrs.
J. S. Godeau, G. T., and Miss Bessie Fab-
Dri, G. S., the two last named members of
El Dorado Circle. This circle is arranging
for an entertainment and social to.be
given in aid. of its fund for the sick and
distressed. \ -,- •¦•..-
Cypress Circle of Colma initiated two
strangers last Monday night. The com
mittee on first social reported a net pioflt
of $75. \.
At the last held session of Olive Circle
at St. Helena Mrs. Henry Lar.ge, the new
arch druidess. conferred the degrees oh
several candidates without book and for
this she won the praise of all Uhe mem
bers. The degree team of this circle Is to
be reorganized. ¦ ,?
The. new officers of Evergreen Circle of
Stockton initiated ' three strangers at its
last held, meeting in a fairly good manner'
being assisted In the work by District
Deputy Charles Delegh. ..
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The following named -have been ap
pointed district deputy grand masters of
the Ancient Order of . United Workmen
for San Francisco: District No. 1, Julius
Meyer, for San Francisco, Fairmount and
Yerba Bu'ena lodges; No. 2..W. C. Crow
ley, for Golden Gate, Myrtle and Bernal
lodges; No. 3, William Hansen, for Alta
and Harmony lodges; No. 4, L. M. Man
zer, . for Memorial, Unity and Olympic
lodges; No. 5, E. C. Stock,, for Washing
ton, Valley -and Burns lodges; No. 6, H
J. Trowbridge, for Spartand and Eureka.
Valley lodges; No.u7, John ,T.' Kldd, for
Magnolia, .Friendship and 1 ' Franklin
lodges; No. 8, J. C. -Sharp for Triumph
and Hercules lodges; No. 9, J. Bowman
for Prosperity, Fidelity and St. John
lodges: No. 10, Robert English, for Supe
rior, Noe Valley, and Excelsior lodges*
No. 11, C. J.' McClure, for Bay View and
Golden West lodges, and No. 12, Jacob
Schilling, for Liberty and Crocker lodges.
• Justice Lodge of. Bakersfleld has peti
tioned the authorities of that locality to'
suppress gambling in that place and vi
cinity. It is the first time a fraternal or
ganization has made such a request. -.
At a meeting of the corporate , directors
last week the . publishing of the official
journal was awarded to W. H. Barnes,
P. G. M. W. ,w. H. Jordan, P. S. M. w.
was retained as attorney for the order.
Valley Lodge at. its meeting last Wed
nesday night elected three candidates and
Initiated two. -The lodge also decided that
hereafter there shall not be any smoking
during the initiation of candidates. The
election for officers' will take place next
Wednesday night, when there will be sev
eral contests. • ' " ; .
Grand Recorder Spencer has .made 'ar-
Noble Grand Arch. Henry Lange was In
this city, last week preparing his report to
be presented .to -the. grand grove.- \ He
stated that the groves in Napa County,
which is his home district, are "all doing
well. . . ¦ ¦'¦¦ .. . • . ¦ ' ¦
The Past Arches' Association will hold a
meeting to-day, the last before the session
of the grand grove, and it is expected
that there will be a large attendance, as
In rortant matters are to be, brought .up
for discussion.
The second degree in the amplified form
will be given to-morrow night by the de
gree team of Galileo Grove and as this
team Is the cracker jack of the city there
¦will no doubt be visitors from all the
grcves to see the_work. . . ,;
Past Noble Grand, Arch James F.'Mar
tlnoni - attended /the last held session of
Monteverde Grove, gave instruction in the
work of the order and assisted In th.e in
itiation of three strangers.
Alpini Grove initiated two candidates at
Its last held .meeting. The annual reports
show a net increase of forty-six.
Under the, direction of the new officers
Mar.za.nita Grove is doing well and expects
to make a good record for the term. The
members are all "hustling" for the picnic
to be given at Sunset Park' on the 23d of
June. - -
Golden Star Grove Is also making a good
showing under the management of J.
Rossi, the new noble arch. He is organiz
ing a team to confer- the second degree in
the amplified form. \ ¦ . ,
Chief Druid . Martinonl and Secretary
The Druids.
Francisco, was a great success. The mu
sical-portion of the programme was very
enjoyable, butit. was- nothing when com
pared,to the farce "Off the Stage," which
was well -rendered- and" -deservedly -ap
plauded. Miss Lizzie 'Wrede,' a member of
the parlor, who assumed the character.of
Lucy, a saucy jihd positive maM, gave an
excellent bit of character presentation
that would have done credit to a pro
fessional. ¦•• There was aJso a good pro
gramme of dances. The'commlttee of ar- ;
rangements, consisting.^ of Misses Lizzie
Wrede, Agnes McVerry, Lucille Frank,
Emma Muller, ' Sophie ; St"russl and Elsie
Hagedorn, Jeels prowl that the entertain
ment drew an audiefcceTthat". crowded the
hall to Ita-Umltr;; g| fe, J *% j
• Native Sons: ;r/ r^ ''¦ '
W. A. Peake has been appointed district
deputy grand president; for the district in
San Francisco, which embraces Stanford,
San:FranQlsco and. Presidio parlors. Mr.
Peake is an enthusiastic Native Son, who
expects to make a good -.reputation as an
active deputy.- -
California Parlor at Its meeting last
Thursday continued its policy of .enter
taining members, with .¦ educational sub
jects at sessions in addition to the-ritual
istic wprk. There was an interesting de
bate on "The Past and Future of Califor
nia" by First Vice President Rowlands,
E. C. Laws, Henry Mayer, H. F. Pernau
and Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary.
There were also addresses by Alfred Dal
ton of Benicia, Ben Hahlon, E. A. Jau
jou and J. H. Mitchell. On the 6th of
June Judge Dunne will be the principal
speaker. On. the Fourth of July the par
lor will, have a patriotic picnic at Fairfax
Park. It is the purpose of the parlor to
inculcate the spirit of patriotism and show
to the world at large that the Native Sons
are patriotic as well as charitable.
A new parlor will' soon be instituted at
Beiber. . • : .
had always marked his relations with the
workers of the laundry, and in their name
presented him .with ..a> handsome gold
watch and chain. Mr. Fisher has been
connected with tha laundry- for over
twenty years and now retires- to devote
his attention to Important interests In the
north. ' . ". •
The Colonials, a popular social club of
this city, held a meeting at the residence
of S.,Selig. 1613A Sutter street, toprepare
nnal arrangements for the opening of
their summer residence at Greenbrae, to
be held the evening of June 1. . Extensive
preparations have. been made to assure
their many friends a pleasant time. The
members. Miss Elizabeth Walsh, Miss
Josephine Beasley, Miss Elizabeth Grime^
W. C: Hanke, S. Selix and W. G. Mahon,
extend a«cordial invitation to their many
friends to attend, v • • ¦
The Mission Literary Club made Its
May meeting a genuine housewarming at
the new home of Mrs. E. B. Vreeland,
1282 Weber street, Alameda. The spacious
hallway was bright in red, white and blue
in honor of Presidential week and the
parlors were adorned with flowers of
every description. There were eleven
members present with Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs.
Brikhead, Mrs. Brown and Miss Patter
son as guests. Owing to the" absence of
the president, Mrs. Barnes, the meeting
was called to order by Mrs. Kemp. After
the regular business Miss Patterson, who
lias lately returned from Japan, gave a
most instructive and entertaining talk on
her work in the 1 - Northwest and also in
Japan. A bounteous luncheon was served.
The Heart Breakers tendered a pleas
ant entertainment to their many friends
Saturday evening, -May 11. Their rooms
were beautifully decorated for the occa
sion with evergreens and American llags.
During the evening • the following pro
gramme was rendered: Tenor solo, "For
Old Time's Sake," Alfred Sylvester, ac
companied by Miss Dora Schikenhausen;
cakewalk by Mls3 Rachel Guggenhelmer
and James McLaughlin. A very laughable
farce followed, ¦ entitled "The Mouches";
characters were Rube Birbe, Alf Sylves
ter, James McLaughlin, Miss Dora Schik
enhausen and Miss Rachel Guggenheimer.
Special among the pleasant features of
the evening was George Sylvester in his
inimitable "Cannonading."
Bay City, Circle No. 11, C. of F. of A.,
tendered their sub-chief companion, Miss
Eessie Borren, a . surprise . party in the
social hall of the Alcazar building. Miss
Borren .having just returned, from a trip
to San Jose.- At 10 o'clock the guests as
tembled in the banquet- hall, where sup
per was served. The following responded
to toasts: Miss Bessie Borren, grand sub
chief companion; Miss Alice Ticoulet,
Miss Esther Rosenbaum, Mrs. Ray Roth,
Charles E. Licht, Mrs. F.' Goodman. The
affair was under the direction of. Miss
Palmyre Worms.
On Thursday evening, May 30, an enter
tainment will be given at Occidental Hall
by the pupils of Mattie A. Bridge. Miss
Ethel Lazarus, Lee Craw and many oth
ers will take part in the programme.
Mrs. Sidney M. Van ,Wyck and family;
and ;Mr. and, Mrs. Osgood Putnam have
taken the residence of Mrs. John-Conly,
2522 Union street, until August 1.,
Mrs. Mary E. Hart will leave soon for
Cape Nome, going with a party of pros-,
pectors of. which, her brother, .Mr. Gib-
y -/HE past- week was " a merry
~? \ and happy one and filled with
/I 1 social pleasures, the greater
iV I. ipart- of which, however, were
j \VJ-y ¦ In honor of the nation's chief,
. • J who- was our honored guest.
' 7 *^; .Many affairs were also given
In honor of the ladles of the
Presidential party. The outlook for this
week is a decidedly pleasant one. The
most Important event of -the next seven
days will probably be the luncheon to be
given by Miss Edith McBean in honor of
Miss Mary Scott. - ....
On Friday evening. May 24; the Misses
Louisa and Alice Harrison of Menlo Park
gave an old-fashion" barn floor, dance,
which was greatly enjoyed. The young,
Jadles and gentlemen, present, were from
Castillaga Hall, Stanford, Manzanlta and
Hoitt's.
John Tunnlcliffe, the prominent and
popular Mission grocer,' who leaves on
Monday on an extended European trip,
was banqueted at a Mission restaurant tm
Thursday evening last by a number of
his employes, friends and representatives
of the downtown wholesale house. -Em
met Dunn acted as •toastmaster. Among
those present were: J. Mosscrop, F.
Fleming. H. Murray. J. L. Linden. R.
Tunnicliffe. J. Develln. B. Ransom, J.
Thompson, L. Page. Gus Bonlg, J. Arm
strong, Sam Thompson, Dr. Cooper, G.
McCahen and F. Feeling.
; On May 23 Theodore C. Boyd and wife
celebrated .their golden wedding and for
:ty-seyen years' residence In San Fran
cisco.
A reception was held recently at the
1 residence of Mrs. T. B. Keesing, 2821 La-;
guna 6treet. in honor of the engagement'
of Miss Julia Keesing to Mr. Sydney Moss
of Australia.
Those present were: Dr. and Mrs. >. S.
xGlberson, Mr. and Mrs. B. E. Carreras.
Mr. and 'Mrs. William Goddard, Mr. and
Mrs. B. F. Kohlberg, Mr. and Mrs. E.
•Metzger, Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Keesing, Mrs.
H. Keesing, Mrs. Martens, Mrs. R. Levy,
Mrs. P. Susmann, Mrs. E. Fouratt, Mrs.
Wilcox, Mrs. H. Robison. Mrs. J. A. De
-neen, Mrs. C. C. Smith, Mrs. K. Jacobsen,
Mrs. S. Benas, Messrs. Alexander Moss,
R. M. antchell Jr., Fred C. Pattlson, A.
H. Behm. Lambert Levy, Aubrey Wer
•theimer. George Levy. I. Unger. Wil
liam Mitchell, G. E. Mitchell. Bert
DeHaven, Syd. H. Moss, Barnet Kees
ing; Misses Frances H. Werthelmer,
Blanche Kohlberg, Otella Henrickson,
Elizabeth Tracy, Sadie Fraser, Flossie
Keeslng, Alpha Sussmann, Jeanne Levy,
Pauline Unger, Alice W. Smith, Bessie
Savannah. Edith Thomas, Sophie Bate
man. Janettc Ephraim. Adeline Ephraim,
AJiee Wilson, Marcella Simon, Gertrude
Benas, Julia L. Keesing, Martha Levy.
W. F. Fisher, retiring * superintendent
of the San Francisco Laundry, was treat
ed to a surprise , on Thursday evening.
May 23. When the 6 o'clock whistle blew
the 300 odd employes of tne laundry gath
ered together in one of the largest rooms
in the building. Mr. Fisher, astonished
by this proceeding, hurried to the scene.
He was met by J. F. Fleming, who in a
short speech congratulated him upon- the;
unusual kindness and consideration- which
son, 'is a member. While away she will
act as correspondent for some of the Los
Angeles as well as the San Francisco pa
pers. Mrs. Hart is well known for her
literary ability and: will .be able to send
down . some good stories from the frozen
regions of the north.-
B. Blumenthal and family have returned
from Europe and are stopping I at the
Richelieu, where, they will be pleased to
see their friends. . • ' .-¦¦ , ¦ . :.
Will W. Sale, well known In business
and social circles in San Francisco, has
been, appointed Deputy Recorder of the
Nome mining district at Nome, Alaska.,
Mrs. Phil S. Beel has returned from 'her
: summer vacation^ at Howell . Mountain
and will be pleased to see her friends at
her home.
W. T. Sloane of New Tork and a party
of eight are guests at the Sentinel Hotel,
YosemlteV . . . .
United States Senator James ' McMillan
of Detroit. Mich;, • accompanied by his
daughter rand son.-is at the Sentinel Hotel,'
Yosemite. .-.-'• ...'".-¦•. • '
Mrs. Slg. Cahen will be at home the first
Monday of each month at the Hotel Gra
nada. *-¦")
Miss Ijoulse A. Redlick has returned
from a visit to - Bakersfleld and will' be.
pleased y to see her. friends at 1224 Page
street. ... -- ." . . . . .'.^_
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Bertha Stn>use of . Oakland i and Morris
Baumof this city. They will receive to
day from 2 to 5 p. no., ; 564 William street,
Oaldand. ¦ ' . .
The marriage of Miss Cecil Prager . to
Louis Ryder Plechner will take place at
the home of L.-'Prager, '2826 Washington
street, Wednesday, June 5. -- •
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
registered at Camp Meeker last week:
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Boardmah, Miss Alice
W. Boardman, Miss Estelle Boardman, O.
C. Zlnns, Mrs. T. C' Zlnns, Mr. and Mrs.
F. L. Wooster and family,- .Thomas" A.
Lawson, Mra. T. Allen and daughter, E.
Felton, J. G. Bryan, C. M. Hamilton,
Miss Kate M. • Winslow, • Miss Kasson
Winslow, Miss Dessie J. Simpson, I. C. Ir
vine -and mother, j Mr." and . Mrs. A. AV.
Dunn, Mrs. I. L. Cox, Mrs. M. ; V. Le
Ix>ng, Mrs. White; Mrs. Ella Corbett and
son, Mrs. M. E. Stecker, . Mrs. A. E. Glea
son, Mr. and Mrs. William. Rigby Jr. and
famiVy, N. J: Lansing nnd family, Mr.
and: Mrs. I. O. Crosscup, Mips E. M.
Burns, Mrs. J. C. Mason, Miss E. J. Ma
son, Emll Graefenecker, Mrs. H. E. Rob
inson, Mrs. M. A. Sargent, Mrs. M. Sad
ler, : Mrs. -S. ! Hult.' J. A.- Hult, Mrs. J.
Steinberger and, family, Mr. and .M^rs.
Gunzendorfer, Mr. and Mrs.' Barnard, San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Long and
family, Mr. and Mrs. H. ¦ E. Dempsey, J.
S. MacDowell, Miss Kate A. Halsey, Oak
land; Mrs. E. B. Dunning, Mrs. L. Cham
berlln, George D. Chamberlin, Miss E. M.
Larkln, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Hahn, Mrs.
S. J. Loop, Mrs. Holmes, Alameda; F. J.
Gilbert, Mrs. V.' Guide, Robert M. Jones,
Mrs. Joseph Hoxie, San Rafael.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following
guests /registered at • Saratoga Springs
during -the week: F. •¦ Vosard,- M. -D. ;
Robert McClure, F. N.- Lasells,- E. Stein
ay, N. Mendelmann, H. Wendt, wife and
son, J. Husing. Mrs. C. Huslng, H. L.
Moore, San Francisco; M. Hausohe and
child, Mrs. .Casey • and • son, .Alameda;
Miss M. Hunt, George W. Pine, Chicago;
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
"W. C. Butler and ¦ daughter, San Jose;
Miss W. Blcknell, Miss Mildred McCul
lock,.Santa Rosa; S. W. Teswell, Ukiah;
Miss Jessie Hendeson, Fort Bragg; Foster
Sherwood, Oakland; Ida' Brown, Sacra
mento; N. U. Sherwood, Petaluma; P. W.
"Waggoner, Manchester.
HOTEL GENEVA— The following guests
arrived at Hotel Geneva, Sausalito, dur
ing the week-ending May 4: Charles E.
Stokes, Mr. and\Mrs. Gordon S. McLeod,
William Smith, James Twomey, Mrs. P.
H.' Pistolesi, Mis3 C. Henson, Miss
Nellie Henson, .Miss Kosie McGrath,
San 'Francisco; Noel Kentish, New York;
J. Deutz Jr. and wife, San Luis Potosl,
Mex.; ¦ . S. N. Nelson, Sacramento;
Miss Anita Polhemus, San Jose; 'Henry
Andrews, H. .D. Beaver, Stockton; Mrs.
J. "W: Sperry, Miss. Anna Sperry, R. A.
Sperry, J. w. Sperry, Sausalito; Peter
Walker, George N. Beach, Oakland.;
, PARAISO— The following guests regis
tered at Paraiao during, the past week:
S. .B. Reinhardt, Thomas ' McMahon, D.
HolUngs, Mrs. Frances Peck, Miss Haden
feldt, San- Francisco; A. S. Caruthers,
Washington, D. C; Mrs. A. M. Easton,
San Mateo; Mrs. E.-A. VIsher,- Stockton;
Miss Jennie Petti tt, S. Sample, Soledad;
Miss Lulu Pyburn, Miss Anita Pyburn,
Salinas; Miss Maud - Fontaine, Oakland;
Martin Wallace,' G. 1 W. Roadhouse, Sa
linas; George Eberhardt, Santa Clara; F.
H. Hoff and wife, Fred Finch and wife,
Armie Finch, L. Lesser, and wife, Mil
waukee, Wis. ¦; ;!.^-. ..
EL MONTE HOTEL— Late arrivals at
the El Monte Hotel, Los Gatos, Include:
Mrs. ! Ella Bush, T. Baptiste, W. R. S.
Toye, G. W. .Wallace, W. J. Freeman, N.
C. Flaherty, Dr. G. C. Sussdorff, H. H.
Lee,' Edythe Mirian, N. *B. Koover, E. D.
Kelsener, San Francisco; W. Brooks,, A.
G. Gill and daughter, L. .Calloch, H. D.
Matthews, A. H. Marker, T. Taylor and
wife, R, Parks, San Jose; John Lathrup,
Philadelphia; R. Luscombe and wife, Oak
land. 1 : . :
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Mr. and 'Mrs.
W. B. Bradford of SanRafael are atthe
hotel for el month'sstay. \1 " ''. :
Mrs. Clinton Cushing, wife of Dr. Cush
ing, is at the Springs for a' few weeks'
stay with her friends, Mrs. L. Paulicki,
Miss 'Augusta D. Ames and T. W. Bren
nan. - . ¦ ¦ .
Colonel Gaines Lawson, U. ' S. A., has
located at the hotel again for the sum
mer.,
. Hetjry R: Patterson of San Francisco
Is visiting his friend. Dr. Gladding of
Berkeley, who is here recuperating from, a
very severe illness. •
' George R. Lovejoy, a prominent attor
ney of Woodland, is here for a short stay.
M. M. Ogden, accompanied by Cass A.
Barlow, has been up in Lake County for
several days.
Frank A. . Hicks has been her© for a
week with a six-seated automobile, with
which he has been giving the guests a
great deal of pleasure. J. Craignaa pur
chased the machine to take with him. to
his- home In Woodland. ¦ .
- Miss E/ Kavanaph is visiting her friend,
Mrs. C. W.'Hlbbard. -..
' Among the arrivals from San Francisco
the past week are: N. Needelman, Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. Day, Mr. and Mrs. George
Johnson; Miss Willetts, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles J. Durbrow, R, D. Dixon, T. J.
Durcan. . . ' , .
NEWS OF THE FRATERNITIES
26
THE j&& FR^
"The Missouri Pacific limited"
The only route having through sleeping
car service between- San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For # full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 212 'California street. •
GREATEST DRESS GOObS SALE
EVER HELD IN GALIFORNIA
¦ . -':. . pall \ I '. I'SIISlIiSt lililill 111111
The D.Samuels Lace House Co. will place
oh sale Monday 250^ pieces%ovep IO.O06
yards'of Attractive Black and Colored Dress
Goods worth $1.25 to yartii •
at 50c and T5c T9Fd
I Monday, May 27' ; r^
ADVEBTISBJIEENTS.
7^ raSffHl Hff advise all suffering'froin female trouble to use your Vegetable Compound.
I / X^^ra^^raWlHf ' 4I tliank y° u * or y° ur kind advico resxrd- to m y tealth. 1 *— Mss. >
1 1 J^^^^^m^^^ Gratitude for recovered health makes £?c«- ;
I i qtous hearts* Women who seek Mrs* Pinkham's j
\ ; WrM^^^^m odvloe aro promptly helped, and thoy want all \
\ ' J^MW^^^^^^Bi *f°k women to know about It* Mrs* Pinkham's )
\''*nBBBiW^^^^^i adyloo Is free* Her address Is Lynn, Mass*
fMml^^m^^^^^S^K-' " Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I hare followed your kind and free advico acd I
'IhhI|w»^^^^^w am to-day a new woman. My last doctor told me I would have to go !
¦^fi^l^^^^^^^^^^a^ through an operation before I could be well. I had womb and ovarian jjj
im^^^^^^^ W*MsK$&m trouble. I would suffer something terrible, such pain in my left side, and \
it seemed as though I was all falling to pieces. Was nervous all the time, ;
and could not sleep nighta. I cannot thank you enough for being so kind.
|||g^K^^3^^^^U I . shall always recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, •
•; and hope that mj letter may benefit some other poor suffering -woman.'* ~
pM lm|mp Lydla E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has I
gSSroKwfgfflHHSHraV made a constant record of cures for thirty <
yearsi ff acts directly on tho female organism |
|^m^K^K@^M and makes it healthy, relieving and curing all $.
KHE^%@KBhI Inflammation and displacements* £
MRS. inFELD, 509 Jefferson Place, Union Hill, N. J., writes i '
j|W|jj|>jBpM^^ffi^88^^m^ft "DearMks. Pinkhaji: — I have you to thank for my health and -
rVKBJ^^^^m^g^^^mCKl strength. I have taken your medicine for two years. Before I began its &
Bwm^^^^^^^^^OTJ§ai«y^'* use I was so. weak that after I had worked an hour in the morning I was '
R obliged to lie down. I had fearful headaches, could not sleep, had ;
Eg lBM^PB^^VvvKSI^Bi^KI palpitation of the heart, was always tired, and suffered in many other
m l^^fi^k^oVv^'lrStf'^^A ways. Now I am perfectly well and much stranger than I was ten years {;
» (OS \ a » 0 ' atn fi^7 "three years old, and the mother of ten children. I never •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr". & Mrs, TRAVERSE,
, DERMATOLOGISTS. " ,.' .
Permanently remove superfluous hair «nd other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed -with the
electric - roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohos Mils.. 1170 Market St..
cor.' Taylor, rooms 28-13. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooti Powder, 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Drug Co. " . v/v
1"^ ROYAL ~
I Worcester Corsets^
I v ffif^VM Straight- i
1 X\ CORSETS
B FuJ! Bias Gored
I / y^^ry\\ Sapphire and
I to 515 a pair
p> /Ri ~~" I Eleyant as»ort-
B • ffl 1 1 I m«at travelers'
I CHESTER K WRIGHT,
; § 6 CBARY ST., cor. Kearny.
: iMPoizonis
M / \ I Medicated
AV^wl Com Pl©xlon
Powder
¥~w\ \! An erenJnff toilet !• not eotn-
' K«9 ¦ P'* ts without that Ujc touch I
BeH B of Pozzonl's dedicated Com-
BR31 I plexion Powder. It protect*
KgSl^ *nd preserves the akin, as
• - '' iSvfirjr we " "* remoTea all blem-
> fi £§2£l •»!>««, b«c»a»« it is % skin />i
\ 'gfB food. Contain] no poisons or (!
'Wv^gayffii laJnrloni «nb3t»nces as io jS?
¦ 3~phMfl man y cheap imitation! do. ~
y J H^[ Ssonpln free Box 5Oc /
.• y \ lea. -' J A. Pozionl Co. * J
/ f%$\ . 8t - Lon J» or ife-w Tork. i^fYosemite Valley via Santa If e.
The Santa i Fe Is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemltevla stage from Mer
ced. - Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. . . .
Ask about it at 611 Market street •
REALTY FUTURE
PROMISES WELL
Nature of Improvements
Puts Rosy Tinge on
Outlook.
Transactions Recorded Are
Summed Up in Large
Figures!
Prosperous conditions affecting realty
values favorably are observable, at all
leading points in the Pacific Coast States,
but in no 'State is the forward movement
as strongly marked as In California. Tak
ing the class of improvements projected
and under way as a basis for estimating
the faith of the people in a continuance
of the advance, if will be observed that
this is true. - ¦
The $1,250,000 hotel for the Crocker es
tate, the great Hay ward building, now
well forward - in construction; the Flood
building, to go up on the old site of the
Baldwin theater; the fine building for the
Callaghan estate at the -ore of Market
and McAllister streets — these alone show
the growth of confidence In San Francisco
concerning certain classes of buildings. To
these must be added the eight or ten story
building which the action of the San
Francisco Merchants' Exchange assures
for California street. These are office
buildings mainly, with the exception of
the Crocker hotel, but there are several
fine buildings in the wholesale section of
the city which indicate present confidence
In the future of the commerce and indus
tries of San Francisco. . Large structures
have been erected to give room to the ex
panding business . of commercial houses.
The building for Miller, Sloss & Scott is
a striking , example of such structures.
Claus Spreckels ' will ; erect a five-story
building on Bush street for the Nathan-
Dohrmann Company, whichVwlll connect
with the present quarters of the company
on Sutter street by. arches. . .
Reported by" Brokers.
The lists/ of sales furnished by the
brokers have sometimes contained a rec
ord of larger Individual transactions than
those that are published this morning:, but
the showing- made is very good.
Raymond, Baldwin & Co. report the fol
lowing list of -recent sales:
Joseph Meyer to O. D. Baldwin, improve
ments and lot 37:6x70 feet, southeast corner
of Post and Williams streets $22,500; J. W.
Coleman to Mrs. Mackinnon, lot 25x126. south
line , of Waller street, 107:6 feet west from
Central avenue, $2000; Lazar Jovovlch estate to
Julius C. Toudy, improvements Nos. 2420 and
2420 A Bush street, lot 27:6x137:6 feet west from
Pierce street. $3750; Calvin F. Fargo estate to
Jorge de Urloste, Improvements No. 340. Third
street and lot 25xS0 feet 305 feet - southeast
from Folsom. street, $9010; D. L.. Farnswortii
estate to Mary A\ helan. Improvements No.
327 Willard : street and . lot No. 10. block F,
College Heights, $3300; D. L. Farnsworth es
tate to Grant Wallace, lot 43, block G, Col
lege Heights. $1000; Ross Valley Park lot No.
59 to Nell R. Burton, $350; Ross Valley Park
lot No. 40 to E. Ethel Barker, $300; Merry
Colonists' Tract, Corte ! Madera, lots Nos. 83,
84, to Ray N. Feder, $300.
The Von Rheln Real Estate Company
reports the following sales:
Lot east line of Florida street, 150 feet north
of Eighteenth, 50x100 feet, $1400, estate of \V.
B. Allen to Alex Magee; northwest corner
Shotwell and Twenty-first streets, 35xl22:b
feet, 10-room house, estate of Henry Ebblng
hausen to Charles Nonnemann, $6500; lot east
line of Auburn street, 91:9 feet south of Pa
cfllc, 23x50 feet, Improvements, two flats, price
$1250. William Hepworth to B. Olrons and L.
Canbiazo; lot north line of X street, 32:6 feet
east of Twelfth avenue, 75x100 feet, price $6^,
Edith C. Millar to Sarah O'Kelly; lot west
line of Jones street, 25 . feet " north of Filbert,
25x70 feet. Improvements 2-story house, $3100,
Farah Donnelly to G. Rondlnottl: lot north
west corner Post street and Aerate alley, 20 x
60 feet, Emilia Siegrirst to J. D. Bullwinkel.
$10,250; northwest corner Leavenworth and
Lombard streets, 40x137:6, with Improvements,
$4625. Solomon Reiss to Henry von der Held:
lot south line of Perry street, 423 feet west of
Fourth, 25x80, old Improvements, $260<), Mrs.
H. Lacey to Charles L. Tilden; lot east lln*
of Salmon street, 97:6 feet south of Broadway,
.• ,, .. . .-... ¦
Alexander McKenzle, th© former Nome
receiver, is a free man again, .but , the
stigma of 'Imprisonment still rents upon
him. -He was released from custody yes
terday morning,- the President .having
commuted his twelve months' sentence to
the time he had already served. .. " >
The Alameda County Jail attendants
were kept up. all the night before caring
for the sick man. Shortly after daybreak
yesterday morning the following telegram
¦came from Washington and was. at once
read to McKenzle, who was greatly af
fected: - •; .
"Jailer Alameda County Jail, Oakland,'
Cal.: The President has'commuted, to take \
effect immediately, sentence of Alexander
McKenzie. You may release him. ' ; Advise
me of your action by telegraph. .
v . "P. C. KNOX, Attorney General."
The Attorney General's Instructions!
were Issued upon receipt of a : telegram
from President : McKinley notifying him,
that the' commutation of sentence was
granted." ¦¦¦' ¦* ,.:-: ' . '•-'
McKenzle was at once released by Jailer
Schoenau, but was too weak to leave the
jail. An attempt will be made this morn-
Ing to remove him to a sanitarium.'
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning United
States ' Commissioner Heacock. accom
panied by Attorneys Madison and Thomas
J. Geary, went to the jail to take McKen
zie's deposition regarding the part played
in the - Nome • receiverships by ¦ Judge
Noyes, Geary and Dudley Dubose. Attor
ney Madison put the questions, .which
were few and brief, the sick man answer-
Ing feebly but rationally. He said posi
tively that he Ignored the supersedeas of
the United States Circuit Court on the ad
vice of Mr. Geary. As- the ex-Congress
man heard this testimony his head sank;
he came from the room looking, wan and
aged. , ¦ . - - -
"It went against me," he said huskily to
a friend. ¦¦ : - ¦
Sick Man Gives Some Damag
ing Testimony, Against
. ' T. J. Geary.
McKenzie's Sentence Is
Commuted by the
• President.
NOME RECEIVER
IS A FREE MAN
20x60 feet, ?700, W. N. Jackson to P. Previatl;
lot south line of Perry street, 400 feet west of
Fourth, 25x80 feet, old Improvements, Phoebe
Graham and Lottie Rose to Charles L. Tilden.
$1900; lot south line of Perry street, 415 feet
west of Fourth. 20x80 feet, old Improvements,
Margaret Dunnins? et al. to Charles L. Tilden.
12400; lot north lino of Waller street, 81:3 feet
east of Steirier, 25x120 feet. Margaret Macmil
lan to Charles Floodbcrg, $2050; lot south line
of Perry street, 350 feet west of Fourth, 25x80
feet nrice $3500, Con Sweeney to Charles L. i
TildW.
In Various Sections.
Sales have been made by Albert Meyer
through Baldwin & Howell's branch office
In the Sunset district as follows: #
William H. Thornley," lot 25x120 on the east
line of Nineteenth avenue boulevard, 125 feet
couth of park entrance and the H-street electric
cars $875; Virginia B. Troyer, lot 50x120 on the
east line of the Nineteenth avenue boulevard,
225 feet south of H street, for $1700; lot 25x120
on the west line of Nineteeth avenue boulevard,
175 feet north of I street, to Ambrose M: Bar
nett, for $800. - , . .
These sales have been made by Hooper
& Lent: .
1310 Leavenworth street, east side, between
Clay and Washington, 20:3x137:6, -with two
story-dwelling, from Dr. (ialvan.to Mrs. Susan
AVakelee, for $5300; lot 25:10x120 and house at
1460 Geary street, north side, between Octavla
and Gounh, from Catherina Nicolal to Freder
ica O'Connell, for $6000, for the estate of Cath
erine Larkin, on the south line of Bush street,
110 feet west of Polk, 55x120, with old buildings,
to Charles M. Myrick. for $13,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold to the
S H. Lachman Kstate Company 40x117:6
on Mason street for $25,000, the property
adjoining the land owned by the same
company on the southwest corner of Ma
son and Sutter streets.
The Jacob Heyman Company reports
sales of two lots In the Heyman tract for
3100; tne lot on Hoffman avenue for $900;
five acres in' the . Alvin tract, Elmhurst,
for $1500: house. and lot on Nevada ave
nue, $£50; lot on J street, $550; two lots in
block 720, Outside Lands, 150 feet north
from'J street, 25x210 feet, $1100. . . t
Good Valu«« Received.! ;
Sales are reported by' O. D v Bal<lwln.;&
Son as follows: . . -
Property on tho west line of Tenth street,'' 300
feet south of Howard, from the Sisters of
Mercy to M. F. Gale, $7000; lot 25x110 and two
flats on the east line of Shrader street, 200 feet
south of Waller, from W. D. Ladd to Chester
Hart, for $5150; on the west line of Taylor
street 173*feet north of Broadway. 101x74 and
100, from B. Kelsey to Henrietta 8tradtmuller,
for $5500. ¦
Guy T. Wayman has sold the following
properties:
The Augusta Ames property, fronting on both
Minna and Natoma streets, .79:6 east from New
Montgomery and 100 feet west from Second, 40x
150 feet, with Improvements, for $18,000; 2.1x87:6
feet on the north lino of O"Farrell street, 87:6
feet west from Taylor, for James Cahill to the
Starr estate, for $13,750.
Bovee Toy & Bonntag have sold to Clarence
Magnln, for $15,500, 61x115 feet on the south
line of Jackson street, 137:C feet west from San
some.
Large Deeds Recorded.
Deeds representing several large trans
actions have been placed on record In the
last week. Maud Nolan Treadwell has
conveyed to John T. Harms sixteen, par
cels for $90,000 on Sacramento. Haight and
Buchanan, Brannan and Fulton .streets
and Masonic avenue, Hayes street and
Masonic avenue, Hayes and- Ashbury
streets, Grove, Fulton and Ashbury,
Grove and Clayton, Cole and Fulton, also
on Buchanana street. Joseph Myer has
sold to O. D. Baldwin 37:6x70 on the south
line of Post street, 157:6 feet west from
Taylor, for $22,500. The Improved Order
of Rod Men's Hall Association has sold to
the Union Trust Company for $110,000 its
property on the north line of Post street,
175 feet west from Stockton. ! ¦ The lot' Is
50x137:6. Q. Howard Thompson has con
veyed to George. \V. Hume 65x137:6 on the
south line of Sutter street, 42:6 feet east
from 1 * Jones, for $73,000. Douglass 8.' and
Mai M. Watson have conveyed to. John
Rosenfeld and John Rosenfeld's Sons for
$94,000 98:3^x68:9 on the east line of Mont
gcinery street, 42 feet south from Sacra
mento. F. J. G. Margetson has sold to J.
R" Howell 275x412:6 feet on the northeast
corner of North Point • and Buchanan
streets and a similar sized piece on the
northeast corner of Beach and Buchanan
streets for $51,000. '§ These are the larger
and more significant sales of the- week.
Four buildings at a cost of $35,000 will be
erected by the Independent Gas, Light and
Power Company on Georgia street. .
There. will be' an. Interesting time at the
City Hall this week for the Supervisors.
The San Francisco school teachers have
determined to try to get In full, with.In
terest, the money.due them for their eer
vices. Colonel Charles , H. Murphy has
sent out notification to every school In
the city to be represented when the teach
ers ask the Board of Supervisors to give
them a hearing. .
This means that about 100 teachers, the
majority being ladles, will urge upon the
Supervisors ihat they are entitled to prin
cipal and inrerest. They are arguing that
they made the fight throughout the State
to have the constitutional amendment
passed that was designed as a measure
for their relief. They say that they Intend
to pursue this matter until they get what
is honestly due them, and that they will
take it into politics if necessary, where It
may figure largely. - . *£
\ This week the Supervisors will be asked
merely to fix a' date for the hearing. It
will be urged that the approval "of the
constitutional amendment by the voters of
this city by 88 per cent of the total poll
indicated unmistakably that the public
desired that the teachers ought to have
their dues In full. In round figures the
back Salaries due amount to $118,000 and
the Interest to about $27,000. ,
Ready to jj Meet Supervisors
and Urge Equity of
Their Claims.
Notice Issued to Gather
for Conference This
Iff! ' Week.,/ -v •¦;¦¦..
TEACHERS WISH
INTEREST PAID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, MAY - 26. 1901.
27
AMTJSEMENTS.
¦ ¦ Week Commencing To-Day, ;"
Sunday Matinee," May 26.
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION DAY, Thurs-
day, May 30.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
Engagement of the famous English actor,
HENRY LEE
In his celebrated repre*entatlon, "Great Men.
\ Past. and Present."
AL LEACH
AND THE THHEE ROSEBLDS
Presenting Jo« -Harf» Punny Vaudeville
¦ Sketch, . ¦
"EXAMINATION DAY AT SCHOOL."
Grace Van Studdifopd
. The renowned prima donna soprano.;
GENARO and BAILEY
Dancer*, singers and up-to-date cakewalkers.
In a fresh edition of monologue as it should be.
EiTmTOpTmi^^
Original parody vocalists.
THE^REATAHRICAir5lJ0GRAPH
FAREWELL WEEK OF '
JAMES 0. BARROWS, JDHH LANCASTER
? AND COMPANY, • r".
Presentins; "The Major's Appointment."
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved. A few front
orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows of bal-
cony, reserved, .25c. ' ,
Another blgr : production— the greatest of
them all— and more to follow,
Starting with TO-NIGHT. •
THB FAVORITES , -
MR. JAMES NEILL iS^SY.
First Time In the West.
THB DRAMA OF . ADVENTURE
"PHROSO/'
A dramatization. of Anthony Hope's fim-
- pus novel of the same name.
¦ PRICES— Evening. 25c. 86c. 50c, 75o, H.
Saturday matinee— J5c. BOc. Wo.
BARGAIN MATINEE— Thursdays, ,JBo
and BOc. . . -
Ne*xt-A COLONIAL GIRL. <
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
FARCE AND TRAGEDY!^
TO-NIGHT at 8 sharp,
' " • . \ Th« Laughable Farce, "
<'GLOR1ANA."
At 9:45,
Francis ' Powers' Chinese Tragedy,
"THE FIRST BORN.' ?
EXTRA fldATlNBB THURSDAY.
Comlng^-FLORENCE ROBERTS. ; '
bvery.afternoon'akd evening. ,
COMMENCING TO-DAY,
THE F^AmOUS f
fe^YI^JO^A^,
v World's Greatest Aerial Artists. .
FORREJSX SEABUBY,
.",'' '-•• .1 -HIGH DIVER.
AMATEUR NieilTV THDRSDAY:
. . , ¦ • Telephene . for - Seata Park - ». - ' *¦
. JUTPSSMEyTS.
rill IIMRIA SANFRANCOT «
vULUmDlH LEADING THEATRE
TO-MORROW. iTlWilLP/\ Y •
SECOND WEEK OF THB
MILLER
. . season. • I'.;)
,« NIGHTS-2 MATINEES.
MsTI'TF A SPECIAL HOUDAT MATT-
llU.l t* NEE Will Be Given THUR8DAT
Instead of Regular Wednesday Matinee. . .
- USUAL MATINEE SATURDAT. jj
) A DECIDED NOVELTY.
FIRST TIME
HERB OF 1 llC
Importance jv
Of Being Earnest
A TRIVIAL COMEDY FOR SERIOUS
f PEOPLE, by Oscar Wilde. • .:;£•¦
In PreparaHon-"PARCY OF THE GUARDS."
j&OIKISCO'S
ORAND OPERA MOUSE
... '' ' ' ' MATINEE TO-DAT.
"tut Night cf "QtJfiEN Or CHINATOWN." ;*
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
One of America's - Greatest Stars. Supported
by FLORENCE STONE, In Sardou's Spec-
tacular Diama, v '$i : -»'t ¦
VCLEOPATRA."
One of the Most Elaborate ¦ Productions Ever
>'' Seen on Any Stage.
-< NO ADVANCE IN PRICES/ ' . .' • -
10c. 15c,- 25c, 60c. A Few Seats 75c,
SPECIAL DECORATION DAT MATINEB
THURSDAY, MAY SO.
Regular '. Matinees - Saturday, and : Sunday.
Good Reserved Seat , In - Orchestra at . Matl-
,._.'¦ i.nees --15c. ¦-,¦,¦.
Branch Ticket Offic* Emporium.
;.-'."" . MATINEBJ TO-t>AT— IOc, 15c. 25o. >
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME. THE BIO HIT, „
SHADOWS ST
GREAT CITY.
Elaborate Bcenlo Features— Startling: Effects.
SPECIALTIES . BY THE CLEVER . LITTLE
..,- ... BENNETT SISTERS.
PDIfPC Evenings.... ....... 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c. 60o
I Illy LD Matinees. .......... r. ...'... . .10c. 15c. 25c
To-morrow ' Evening and . All of » Next . Week,-
¦ - , ¦ the Powerful Melodrama, > ,
' "THBWAROFWBALTH."
Special' Matinee Thursday. Decoration Day.
\JL> M iWi MM At COA.M4SOH
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE- HOUSE IN
THE ' CITY.
THE SAMAYOAS,
In Their Wonderful Aerial ' Trapose Act.
ETHELS BARLOW^
. ; ¦¦'} The $40,000 Beauty.
MABBL~HUDSON.
MABEL RUJffERFORD
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
f V ' MATINEE \ EVERY SUNDAY..
' AMATEUR: NIGHT? EVERY FRIDAY.
- ; " : • ADMISSION jj FREE. ,'r.i'.;. -J:.'
ALH AMBR \ THE ATER— SKATIH8 2000
June I,* SATURDAY; MATINEE at 2:15 p." m.
OF CHILDREN'S -HOSPITAL.
Grand Romantic Operetta; THE MARSH KING
! i Elves. Moon Queen. ¦ Dancing Sprites, Frogs,
I Fireflies,' Electrical :iEVeeti, -•¦ etc-" By Camilla
Lies Kecyon and i Charles H.sMcCurrle, author.
and composer of the famous RIVAL QUEENS.'
By 100 children and ladles of Alameda City and
third band "of. Artillery Corps. - Presidio, ¦' San
Francisco. .' : Popular .-• prices. > ' Reserved I seats,
60a; loses.- six eeats, »6; at Sherman * Clay's
from May 29th at » a. m.: /. -.. ' ¦ > '
IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBflBBBBBBMBBflBl
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
UNEXCELLED BARGAINSr
3 SPECIAL OFFFRINGS OF
STYLISH T^iLOR^MADE SUITS.
$i5.00 SUITS ON SALE AT SIO.OO-
>^.-r'_."^^:^0.. j^ooo f $ 37 . S o and $35-00 ¦ "UJaa#^
.Grades on- sale at $25.00. Fine quality Venetian and Clay Worsted,
richly trimmed Tailor Suits in latest style Russian. Blouse and Eton
style, perfect models of hi»:h-class tailoring, entire costume lined throHsft-
out with reliable taffeta silk. On sale at ...... 1..... '. 9-5.OO
RAGLANS, -
BETTER MADE AND LOWER PRICED .THAN ANYWHERE
....:.........................•....•• .? 8 ' 50 , SIO.OO and J?12.5O
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET ST.
Dry Goods Company j
SPECIAL REDUCTION SALE. J
Commencing Monday, -May 27th, i
and during the week, all our j
Trimmed Hats will be sold at j
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES, j
PRACTICAL HAT5. |
A NEW LINE FOR STREET WEAR. j
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE CONNELLY TURBAN. j
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
BE. Comer Geary and StocHon Streets, San Franoisoo. j
UNION SQUARE. |
Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. I
¦¦BMHMBMBBlBslBHBHBHliaBHHBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
I'rklni l«wv*> nad nrr due to Mrrlvc al
NIK niAKUlM «». '
(slain line. Foot ot Market Street)
Win — From Mat ti. 1801. — arrivb
?<8»4 BenicU, Buisan, E!mtr», V»ctTllle.
Kuxnwy md b»ci»uirDto 7:03r
?<30a rktU, Woodiaud. Knlghu Landing,
Wkrj«rille. orotlile. Ti5.Tr
T:3«» AtUntle ICzprcsi— Ogden and Cut ISiSSr
«:««« Nurtlurr, tinu Ramon, V»!lejo, K»l>«,
(¦»ll«UF»andfiwiU Uoss «<23r
»>o*xKUm, Luthrop, Stockton ":2lr
ti«0i Xllt*, Mendota, Fresno, Haaford,
VJg»U». rorterrUle 4«55y
•<a*A Shut* i'.xpn m- D.tU, WUU»ms (for
JUxtlett BprionX Willows. Ked
BUifl, PortUixT. 7«53f
ti3*i S»u Jon, Lltermore, Btoekton,
Ioiie, h»erninLto. PUcerrlU*,
Marri*HI«. Ohlen. Ile'l Itluff 4t23r
SiSOa O^dale. Chinese (Yoaemlte). Bo-
Bora, Qmrton 1 4ia3r
»(OOa Iltjward, NiU-s and Way BUtloof .. I I(33a
•tO V a Lot Ant elef ' Kxi»re»« — M artlunx.
Tracj, Latlirup, htoekton, Merced
Freano and Los Angeles 7iSSp
• i3»» Tail-)-.. MarlluwtaiiU Wur Slatloui AtSSr
IOsUOa The O»eri«ndlJiniu-d— Ordou. Den-
ver, Omaha, Cliicaco OtHSr
tl:OOp8aoramcnto Itlter Blenuier* |3:00a.
Si3Or Hijwurd, Nilr« and Way Btatlont.. 7i53r
4ivur iieulda. Winters, MacramcDlo,
Mou.llai.d. iw.Iil.U Ludluc.
M«rj«rillr, Orotlllr 10:03a
4t00r Martlnei:. Kau IUwon. Talle]o,
Nnpa, (laliitoca, iianU Hoia »¦«»*
4tOOr Niton, Lherraore, Btoekton. Lodl... lS>2Sp
4iH»tj- Hkj-ward, M en, h*n J'«r, Lirtrmore <H:-13a
4 < 3Up fon Cos: a. Trucy. Lftttrop, Btoekton 1 OiSSa
5:UUr The Owl JJmltfd— Freauo, Tulmre,
BakeraBeld. 8au(iit toe Sauta Bar-
Hara, Lot Anfftles 8i35a
StOtrMtrtlnrz, Anticch, Btoekton, Mer-
ced, Fresno l*:S3p
S:O«p ToMsmlte 18t*Op
Oiaor Jew Orleans Ezpre«« — Ueadota,
I teeDo, Bakcnneid. Lot Aneelea,
Dcmlog, Kl Paso, Kew Orletns
and £t«t 7tSS4
«:oop Htjuurd, KiliMkudSan Jose ?i33a
tUtOOr V»llelo ll>334
«i:O vr Oriental Mail— Of den. Cberenn*.
Ooiaha, Ohloitgo IS:S3p
6 t»Op Oriental Mail-Ojden, Denter,
Omaha, Chloifo 4t23p
t:OOr Orrfou tud California UxpreM.Hae-
rametitn. Marjirlile. Itedilinc.
forUMiiil. fuget Hound Ba4 F.ut SiSCa
»iH3» Bin Pablo, Port Cotta, Martinet
and War titatloui 11:35*.
t w »O»f Vallfjo 1-ATtr
COAST LINE (Xarrsw (;«n K f).
(Foot «{ Market Street.)
"t?i«?A Baota Crux Excorslon to Santa Crux
ud Principtl Way Butloru tStOSr
•il8AKeirark.Otuterti!le,8an.lo8«,Fr1toD.
Bonlder Orrek,8aiila Oruz and Way
Kt»tioi.« 8:8>r
fSiISp Kewark, C«nl«rtl!le. 8an Jo«e, New
Almaden, Felton. Uoulder Creek.
Santa Crat and Principal Way
8tatioi>i tl»i»«A
««I3r Kewark. San Joee. Los Gatos { jiSi»«*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Hs EK rHaKCISCO — rsot •( Mirk it Strut (Slip 8)— '
11:16 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:C3 5:l!r.u.
r«i» CHUBS— r«tl«>tlfic«d«»T.— 1«:00 {8:00 t8:0S
10.-O0t.il. 12:C3 - 8:S3 t:Cflr.M.
COAST L.IXE (Hrosd «»nire).
(Ihlr.l mid Townseml Sts.)
O:l«>* Ban Jose and Way Htitlons. *iX»r
<7:«Oi)iwlJn«»«>l \V«r SUUnlil IsSOp
tjt««i 8nuday Kzeonlon for San Jcfe,
8acU Crnt. P.dflo Grow and
rrincinal Way 8t»tlon» ;8:30p
»>OOASbii J<*e. Tres I'luiis. KaiiU <!rnr.
J-nHric Urum. fcalinas. San Lnii
Ob'gpo and Principal iutermedUU
tttaUfina. «il©p
JO:XOa Sin Jcse aud Way Station*. l'5? r
)»:8«. New Aliiia<l)-.ii *?'??*
1 Ii»«a .l€«e aiM Way Station. 3i»0f
San Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park,
f Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. HanJosa.
Tre» Ploos, S«it* Oriii, Sallnfca.
Monterey a«A Pacific GroTe.V.... !'«««*
fan Jcneand Way Htatloiii | 0:3|»a
8»ii Jose and Principal Way Statloul »U3a
, tiati Joee, Ix» Gatos and Priudpal
War Station* *2*25*
S:3Or Ran Jna<- an.l Priocfpa? Way Station* 8:33a
•«««r Kedwoid, San Jose, GIlr<7. Sallnsa, •
f=*.ita Btrbara, Lot AnjflfS. 10j03a
6iO»r Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific GroTe, .'•¦•'_¦
LoapooV 1O:O3a
«:3Or SauJ. «« aud Way StatloHI fStOOA
tli-t.Tr ban Jtm- »nd Way Station* 7«»Op
A for Morning. - T for Afternoon,
t Htuirtav excepted. 1 Rntiday only.
•' c Saturday only. / Tuetdayi and Frtdsys.
CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I b A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOftA-
I tor and Nervine. - ¦
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
tcnlc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
eys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. •
KABER, ALF8 & BRUNE. A«;ents,
an Market et, B. F.—tEend tor Circulars,) '.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
SJa^^ > Third_6reat Week.
"THE SHOW THAT EVERT 'ONE
, TALKS ABOUT."
l nil
TOY
MAKER!
The Children love the.pretty things
That hang upon a Christmas Tree,
And all the toys' that Santa brings
For children dear are made. by me.
' ¦ MMMMSV ' "¦ •' ' ' -' ? ' ' I
DK SURE AND SEE TUB GREAT TOT
SHOP and' th« MECHANICAL DOLLS.
YOU WILL LAUGH AT THE FUNNT BXTO*
ATIONS and ENJOT THE PRETTT
MUSIC.
SPECIAL MATINEE DECORATION
DAY, May 30th.
Evening* at 8. Matinee Saturday at ft. " " ,
—POPULAR PRICES— 2So and Wo—
¦ Telephone Bush i. -
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-DAY...
Sunday - # At/-.* - - - May 23-
RESERVE
-AND-
California Coursing
Committee Stakes.
ALL THE CRACKS TO START,
¦ IH'?lT"V T 'a*
FOR FREEDOM.
Music by Von Der Mehden's Band
' TRAIN SZR V 1CKJL
,¦ Trains leaT« Third and Townsend streets at
10:15 a, m.,-11 a. m. asd U m. and 1 p. m.;
Twenty-fifth and Valends streets, fire minutes
later. Retumtng at 4:45 p. m., and after ths laot
course. ' San Mateo can every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPBINO , MEETINO— Op«nln«r April ».
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kaeing- Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Tbnrs*
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or aolne.
Flvt or more races each j day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco it 13 tn. and
12:30, 1. 1:80. a, Z:SO and I p. m., connecting-
with trains stopping 1 at tne ' entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoklna;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains Tla>
Oakland mole connect 'with San Pablo arena*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Alto all trains via Alameda raols con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, ¦ Oakland. These etoctrlo cars
go direct to the track la fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
•-v THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. ,
/ R.- B. MILROY. Secretary. ; • ¦ \
FT^rWFR*^ CONCERT HOUSE.
Merle Stanton, Atlantis. De Boe. Gladys Mid-
dleton, , Carter and Gerald, Peri and Lovell,
Powers and Freed and others.
¦Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. '
} ; SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open .Dally from 7 a. n. to 11 p. sl
. Bathlnsr From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
- <-' ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c ."
Bathlor, Including- admission, 23c; Chlldraa, ttn
" BAHVAT TBAV1X.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. • -¦' .
. Commencing . April 28, 1901. .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
' WEEK DAYS— 6:58/ 8:30. •8:30, ' U:00 a. .m.,
12:45, »l:45. 3:15, 4:15, 6:15. "6:1s, 6:46 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley -and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. • . «...
0 SUNDAYS-7:00. 8:00, *9:00, 'IOiOO, 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. *3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:23, 8:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:16
a. m.. *12:25, 1:16, 2:20, *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS' on Mondays. .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. . r*
SUNDAYS-6:15, »8:00. 9:45, *11:00 . a. m., - •«
m., .1:00. 2:15. •3:80, 4:30, *5:43, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m. • ' ¦ ¦ .'¦-'•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. -7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a m.'. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45. 8:50; 5:10, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:85 p. m. .- • •
SUNDAYS^:85 8:00 10:05. 41:10 a. m.. 13:15.
1-20 2-30 3:45. 6:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p.m. -
l.zw,.j.™». THR OUOH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazaacro and way ita-
tlons. I - ' ' ' ' ¦ ¦ . •¦¦¦¦• .. :• ¦ •»
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caeadero and way sta-
5-w' p. m. week days " (Saturdays •xcepted)—
Tomaleo and way stations. .. . , - .. . . .-,
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point ' Reyes and way
Ftatlons.
1 HOTELy
A Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headauarter* - at these hotels '«n-
Joy comforts and conveniences ' not to
v be, obtained elsewhere. '. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans. '.
HOTEL-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\^5^<k vgm 1 I MMwSCr- £&'/?
fr
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter f
j IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
ALWAYS CLEANLY, WHICH
j LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
it far greater value than the finest im- \
ported olive oil and h is ths same flavor.
; Ask pur friendly grocer for it and save -
good money.
i , ¦.¦.:.'¦ &' '•
. RAILWAY TSAYEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
"• Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a .......
11 Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
." Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a -
"'Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p .......
i a for morning. • p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
i Cars through to Chicago. . Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally..
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free ' Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
81eeper. which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:56 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. tn. dally ,
Offices— 641 Market street and In 'Ferry
Depot, San ¦ Francisco; 1111 Broadway.
Oakland. . ¦ - ¦-'¦¦¦• ¦ . ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via ttntllta rerry— Feet of Market St. -
UtVI SAN FRAN. " 4 .' ARRIVK BAN rMN.
•30 A. M. ) wFFK DAYS ' {¦ 8:<J5 p< M#
8.-00 A. M.V . f 12:15 P. ltv.
9*Oa. m. I 1:19 p. my
10*0 A. M. I SUNDAYS J 3:30 P. M.
1130 A. M. f SUNDAY*....... / 4;5O p
laor.uA \. i&r.u.*
¦ 2:80 P. M.J .. .' • 'l;7ao».ifc'
ran. Sam Wnmtt— *» B»«»ft •«« KMnni. 11.49 , ¦¦
Ticket Offices. 6a Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
[ % !ust & little better ,
than an{r other tram
—i little better service- ¦
• more homelike
feeling on tht
| CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
§ thin you find elsewhere, ¦
I and It runs like this
I LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
I 9 an Won Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun
I ARRIVES CHICAGO
I 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed
1 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
H ON THE
! SANTA FE
CALIFORKI& KORTHWESTEM RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:36.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U:S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 8:30.
S:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20," 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 1:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
S:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.' (April 28; 1901. | San PYanclsco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Pays. | days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 arn|10:25 am
3:S0.pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami iomo am 10:25 am
j ! 8:00 am Guernevtlle. 7:35 pm ¦
3:30 pm 6:00 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 0:15 am 8:40 am
I ' and ... . ' -
6:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am) 110:40 am]10:2S am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
tieyeerville for Bkaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blu^Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierleys, Bucknells,
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'» «. Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Willits, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Kureka. " , '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On. Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. |
Ticket Office, 650 Market street, Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITINO. -v R. X. RTAN.
* Gen. Manager. • * ' ~ Gen. Pas*. Agt.
RATT.WAY TBAVEL.
11 ' \ The first thing to do when
l\ fjJM you have made up your mind to
\ J^M i^TM £0 CaSt lS tO SS^ t^ 1C * nearest
J JSr ¦ wll Southern Pacific ticket-agent for
L^llir B H a cr descriptive of the
|T Ig" Burlington
Overland
.o Excursions
1 llilliSftBl^' IC conta{ns i ust the informa-
K 1 tlon y° n ncc d — time-tables; a
I ry <¦•=*— m^ — aP / map . illustrations of Burlington
| / tourist sleeping" cars, and a de-
P / scription of the scenery en route.
1 . / From Lot Angeles Monday* and
j s / [MuJffyjJrii Wednesday; San Francisco Tues-
2 / Billlj![llii|il(jj day* and Thuredayi — Omaha, Chi-
i<6 _^0*^ iBTrfSiKll e *f°> Kansas City, St. Louis —
! hJ^CJSylJhWV BiSlSI EVERYWHERE cast.
U £2Z&t&g&S& i *^ I |»tfiflWs1sTTJ W. D. Sanborn. GenT Agt..
9 f r I * ' 631 Market street, San. Francisco. 6
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUND AT?, MAY" 26, 1 901;
28
CLArayOYATtTS--CoTifiinn > '1.
MME. WALTERS," great card' reader: ladles 25c.
gents 50c 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles,
:25c; gents.- 50c.- 132 8ixth st.'
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th j German spoken; tel.Howard.1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card- reader:
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently :• business
advice: names given: ?-"c un. fi Fourth_____
CARPET tlEJATIXG A^^^^^j^^
WHEN~you~become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners'and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
. reasonable, 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 23ol.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVEN8, mgr., 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHE-L Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. 8TRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-BoHtlng Works, 833 Golden
Owte hv». : telephone Fwft 126. ________
/^_ CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. • Dr. Duncan. 41S Sutter.
„,.. n S?AV Kn J T^ o jV_i >KFlcEi - s --
GEORG_'\vV Kle_L?¥"A^em^No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
CmiTLETEi^nit^h^d^oTtagere rooms and
bath: fine garden* 2235 Fifteenth st.
SUNNY 4 rooms; yard; 7 Rincon ave., off Sec-
ond st. Key 623 Second St.; small family
only; $10. ,
COTTAGE TO LET-BELVEDERE.
FOR rent-rVej©- desirable cottage of 6 rooms
and bath in Belvedere; furnished complete,
including piano; terms reasonable. Apply
! Harmon Cottage, P,elvedere, Cal., or 2219B
Sutter et.. city.; phone Pine 20.-.6.
DENTISTS^ ¦£_«£
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. «h, rm. 7. Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extraction free. $1 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Myager.
! EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! end filings;' extractions or fillings by my
• wonderful secret, painless method: 20 yearH
no students: advice free: prices
and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrel) Bt.
A— NEW unhreokable plateT the Rose Pearl, j
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fllltnBS, ;
BCc; plates. $5: full set: nil work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, moke plates, gold crowns
and brldpre wf'k nt bedrock prices; payments..
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundayn.
A NEW thing In koM fllllns: no hammering as
before: nhsclutely no pain: Investigate: exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co..« Eddy.r.44&32.
PA RIsTTental p7doriT~2^5~Keariiy, cor. Bush-
Full iret of teeth. $1; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c,
DR R. L. WALSH. 815«i Grary.nr.LBrkln-Pnln-
\ lens extraction 50c:p!ate8 $r> np:phone Polk1l.1.>.
DTI. H. O. TRUMAN, dentist, thlnl floor, Kx-
amlncr building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. !>C9 Mlfdon St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VltOOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
dnye. 10O1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of toeth without plate. DR. H. G.
vfiT'yrt. 1341 Poll? st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Clans rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating:; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. -1C22 Bush st.
' EDUCATIONAL. '
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
|j Shorthand. ' typing and bookkeeping; Robert
. F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'R BUSINESS COLLEGE.' 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, tynlng, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,-
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, ••horthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, ttc. ; life scholarship, $50; Individual
Instruction: positions secured: catalogue free.'
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited 'preparatory
school for the 'university, law and medical
colIeRes: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford profeesor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions — jaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 805 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farre'l st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec..mlnlnsr.mech..i-iir-
vey. apfny, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL cojrse of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Grefrc shorthand costs only «60. 8an Fran-
cisco Business Collree. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figure*: «hort
time. TARR. exp. sect.. 220 Parrott bide.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, rrmovert to new quarters, rms. 40-43,
Parrott bide.. Individ. Instruction! catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches in oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 60c.
Box E. Call office. , . -
SHORTHAND taught bv mall nnd personally.
MISR M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery^.
Mnnson. School Shorthand. Tvplng.Bookkeepln*.
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, y.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. 1008
Mission; concert May 29. Union Square Hall.'
SENORITA ROSARIO AGACIO. native teach-
¦ er of Spanish. 2303 Bush st. . - ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ 1
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, I
' etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission.. nr. 6th.
~JH*£$I R ° _ *_££. A . •? -II C '
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty . nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional, diseases.
¦ Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sunitnrinm. « Ma«on.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN- Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
: ave.. tel. John 1481; will supply Inbor free of
charge; specialty of railroad , help, farm
¦ hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help; send men at- short'
i notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 239b
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 185.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nege help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng: and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104C Sutter: tel.' East 203.'
K ELI ABLE. Japanepe-Chtnese employment of-
fice; all kinds help, 315 Stockton; Main 018S.
CHINESE^ and Japanese employment office —
Peft help. 411 '4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE!.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires eitua-
tion; best - city reference; city ; or country.
- MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires oltua-
tlon; city. references;, city or country.. MISS
CULLEN. :25 s Sutter St.-/ ¦¦¦.- ¦':¦ I
WANTED— Work by the day by respectable
• woman; good worker; . can do any kind > of
housework. 414 Clementina St.. bet. 5th & 6ih.
NEAT ¦ young woman wants - chamber work,
sewing or housework; sleeD home." Box 3235,
, Call office. . - * .¦. ...... . ¦¦ r: -,
EXPERIENCED respectable young I woman
; wants position as • nurse to " invalid ' or nick
> person: good references. Address H.- K., 511
. Lcavenworth st. . , . . '.; , .. . . .
COMPETENT- stenographer and assistant
'bookkeeper, six ; years', experience; ,, wishes
: position In * wholesale or commission • house.
'. Box -2673. Call, of flee.-.
YOUNG German | woman .wishes situation - to
; do general housework . and .cooking; Is good
seamstress; can do any kind of work;sleep
home-Call at 79 Bay St.- .-.-¦¦-¦ - ¦,
A WOMAN "wishes to take home washing or
•will go by the day, $1 25 a day and care fare.
MRS. J., 26*4, Rltch st.; , . » ,. ;¦ , ;
GERMAN woman as housekeeper; good cook;
¦ references. . • 162 Jessie St., near Palace - Hotel.
; FLATS TO £KT— Far-ls—ed.
FOR rent— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; elegantly
furnished; Western Addition. Particulars at
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. .
FURNISHED, 6 rms; range; 3 to 4 months; $40;
references. Call afternoon. 523 McAllister *t.
FURNISHED 5-room flat; 2 months' rent;. $23.
Apply 2428H Sacramento »t. ; ¦ ' '•*
SUNNY furnished flat 5 rooms and bath; near
' park. 1424 Grove st.. corner Baker. ' '
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed.
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— 83 chickens, with furniture of 2
s rooms ; berries and flowers in garden. 19
Rutledge ave., near . San Bruno road.
FURNISHED flat for sale: newly furnished
downtown flat of 7 rooms for sale, cheap; be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m. 934 Geary st. -
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
furniture: wanted.
WANT roller top desk; must be bargain; give
bottom cash price. Address box 3243 Call
office. , ,
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpet*.
etc.. see W.K.Cody. 737 Mission; tel. Red VHA.
AUCTIONEER John Elder 22 Kearny. buys *
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., eto., see J- A.
Munro _ Co., 240 Stockton st.; tel. James 1841.
BEFORE disposing of your furnltura •••
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 135*.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,120!i Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
f u ml ture _ furn'd houses bought; spot casB.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpet*.
pianos etc. 1185 Market St.; tel. Jessie 7C1I
HELP WANTED— FEMALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 waitresses, accustomed to working In South-
ern California hotels. tJJ
2 waitresses, springs, free fare both ways..?.)
20 waitresses, city and commercial hotels.. $25
2 chambermaids, city *20
Cook, summer resort, short distance $W
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook. $30; nurse, $20. see parties here, coun-
try; cook, city, $30; woman for washing and
ironlr.gr by the day, $1 50 a day or 4 days'
. work a week; nurseglrl, summer resort, $12 ;
nurseglrls. choice place, city. $12 and $15;
cook, country. $23, fare paid: housegiri. P*ta-
luma, $15. fare paid: SO houseKlrls, second
girls cooks, city and country; zooA wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at
WANTED— Cook as assistant for nice summer
resort, .. $30; cook $35, no wash, also second
girl $25, both same house, Martn County: 2
" Protestant girls for small American families
for housework in city. $25; Protestant girl for
housework. 2 In family, Calaveras County.
$23; 49 girls for housework. In city. $30 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. »18
Sutter st. ¦
WANTED— 3 laundresses, $30 and $35; 2 nurse*
for 2 children, $20 and $25; waitress for fam-
ily hotel, city. $22 50; 2 waitresses, nice coun-
try hotels, $23; 3 waitresses for restaurants, $i #
a week; 2 chambermaids, $20: 4 second girls,
$20 and $25; parlormaid and waitress, }3S;
chambermaid and sewtng, $25: French cham-
bermaid. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st^
MIFS HORGAN'S Emp. Agency, J23 Sutter st.
Cook for 6, Berkeley $25 to $30
5 girls for general housework $25
4 girls for housework, Oakland $23
7 slrls for second work $20 to $25
6 girls for light housework $20
10 young glrls'to assist $10 to $15
Several other places^ _J .
WANTED— Lady that would be kind to 2 chll-
dren golnir to school and do light housework.
Call at 2937% California st; wages $12 50 a
month.
WHOLESALE house desires services of woman
not under 25 who Is Intelligent and trust-
worthy; no bookkeeping or stenography. Box
«2«6. Call office. ,
GIRL wanted for cooking and some housework.
East 14th nt. and 28th ave.. Lower Frultvale:
apply Sunday and Monday mornings.
EXPERIENCED machine operators on chllr
drill's wash milt* to take work borne. 723
I Market St.. room 35. .
A FEW experienced operators and also a lim-
ited number will be taught; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, Gough and
Prove sts. . :. . .
ACTIVE girl for lljrht work In laundry; wages
$5 per week and upward. St. Nicholas Laun-
dry, Seventeenth and FoUom sts^
TWENTY lady solicitors to begin Tuesday;
big percentage. Room 5, 14 McAllister .St.,
near Hibernla Bank.
SALESLADY: one who thoroughly understands
knitted underwear and veiling. Box 3253.
Call office. • • , ¦
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands; also fin-
ishers and errand girl. Room 134, Spring Val-
ley .building.
WANTED — First-class finishers on ladles'
cloaks. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First st.
NURSEGIRL for 2 children; references; $12.
1714 Geary st. - -- ¦ , y
2 PIANISTS to play for lessons. HOOVER'S
University of Physical Culture. 1327 Market.
GIRL for general housework. 561 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS feller and finisher on vests.
Call Sunday or Monday. 919*4 Howard st
EXPERIENCED knitting machine operators
and a number of apprentice*. Apply J. J.
PFISTER Knitting Co.. 412 Polk st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers. O. W. REYNOLDS. 897 Mission, cor. 2d.
FINISHERS on custem ccats; good pay;
steady work. 304 Tehama st.
GIRL for housework In Vallejo; wages $20; 4
/ in family. Call 709 Ellis at.. 9 to 11 Monday.
GIIlVj to assist with general housework. 3S
¦ Belvedere st., bet. Clayton and Cole.
WANTED— A good chambermaid for a lodgrlng-
hougc. 41 Stockton st. 5
PATTERNS. • PATTERNS.' PATTERNS.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
hns Just received latest designs from New
York; muftir* seen to be appreciated. Dress-
makers especially welcome. Special rates to
pupils. entering before June 1. Linings fitted.
1019 Mnrket wt. ¦
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obllslng girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children: munt have good refer-
ence: wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 19«. San Rafael. ¦
OFFICE assistant: age 16 to 20; hours 8 till 6;
salary. $15 per month. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market st. ¦ . -
A LADY, of indomitable ene— y. possessed of
self-assertion: sroofl opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WOMAN to cook for 2; small salary. Call Sun-
¦ day between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., 1617 En-
. clnal ave.. Alameda. Cal.
A YOUNG' lady stenographer and typewriter to
assist in of flee. Box 3216, Call office.
VEST hands: also apprentice; wages no object.
C41U Stevenson st. , - - .
GIRLS wanted from 15 to 18 years of age for
factory work; will be paid while learning.
Apply 100 Sacramento st. . •
EXPERIENCED operators on electric powtr
Hewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL _ MICHELS, 531
Mission st,
WANTED— Experienced operators and I finish-
ers on shirts and ladies* waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market st. , .
oFeraTOUS wanted at Levi Strauss _ Co/s
1 overall factory, 3_V_ Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
entire course $3: positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. ' Halrdresslns College, 674 Geary.
WANTED— A lady ¦ in shooting gallery. .633
Pacific »t.
/HEL1* WANTED — MALE.
ATVCALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third St.; phon* Bush 405
50 railroad laborers, $175 to $2 23 per day....
Free Fare Free Fare... "......Free Fare
Fee $1 for railroad work all kinds..
. 6 men for rock crusher. $2 per day.'
. 6 men to make posts. $3 per hundred
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft.. $125 per cord..
8 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 per month & board
10 men to make hay; $1 2T. to $2 per day....:.
3 mos.' work haying, harvesting & threshing
2 milkers, $30 and board and bed
3 concrete men for BakersflsM. 32 50 per day..
Man to care for team.. do garden work, light
job, $25 and found, country •
5 stonemasons, city and country $3 to $4 day
.Experienced laundryman for Hospital, $43 to
$50 per month, steady -work, a snap../....'....
Experienced henchman, mill, country. $3 50 day
Office open to-day (Sunday) till 11 a. n>. ¦
WANTED— Young man as ~ office clerk; must
understand shorthand .and typewriting. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. »28 Sacramento st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Unlon-^
Free employment. S27 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 117«. .
WANTED— Oood > general blacksmith. _ steady
work; and wood worker." J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont its.
COOK for the Manhattan Hotel. 825 Battery
at.: corner Vallejo. .
employment; "wanted— female.
TEACHER i going ; East will' care for children
• or, invalid for fare; references. Box 3239, Call.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by German
widow, where there is no lady to interfere.
Box 3221, Call office. -,, ¦ . '_
A WOMAN would • like - a place to assist In
1 "housework at $2 50 'to $3 per week; no res-
taurant work '.wanted. , Box 3229, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, with the best of references
I wishes engagements by day ; fancy or tailor
dresses; work taken home. 10 Metcalf place,'
near Mason, . off Geary. : ' . ; ¦".
YOUNG woman, wishes work by the day; good
* washer and ironer or housework. Please call
or address 323 Langton St., bet. Bryant. and
Brannan eta. - ¦ . • ¦
SITUATION as governess by English girl late-
, ly. returned from abroad; 4 years In titled
family. Box 3252. Call office. ' ¦
EDUCATED German woman wishes position
as nursery; governess or companion to lady
willing to make herself useful ¦ with sewing
and light household duties; country preferred.
Address F. E., Call branch. 639 McAllister.
LADY wants position, week or day; speaks
Spanish thoroughly; good writer; neat sewer;
. would do any light work. Address G. M. E.,
106 Eleventh Bt. ¦
YOUNG woman (Just arrived) '*: situation as
cook or laundress in small family: good Eng-
lish cook: $20 up. A. W., box 2248, Call of-
flce. Oakland: r -.
THOROUGHLY experienced lady stenographer
. and bookkeeper desires substituting jr per"
manent, position; highest Eastern references.
Address box 2245, Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes position as working
housekeeper: best of references. Address box
3214, Call office. ¦
YOUNO woman with child wishes position as
cook or housekeeper In private family. 3713
Baker st.,.Unlon-gt car. Harbor View. »
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady, expert account-
ant and cashier, desires position; ten years'
/experience. Uox 4112, Call office.-
WANTED— A situation to keep house for a
gentleman; no trlflers. 988 Howard St., r. 3.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third *t,' near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; U E0 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
¦EMPLOYMBXT WA.XTED— MALE.
AMERICAN man and wife with a child six
- years old want situations; wife a good cook:
man handy with tools, painting, choring,
dishwashing or bed making; a good place
with considerate people more desired than
large wages; we will suit you. A. LEWIS,
'478 Jessie st.
TO employing printers and publishers — A prac-
tical printer, thoroughly familiar with de-
tails of Job and book work, proof reading,
estimating, long experience In own and other
offices, desires to make a change: ample
references, j Address American, box 3676, Call.
YOUNG Englishman seeks position as team-
ster, coachman, man about place or any
place' of trust: sober, steady and Industrious;
references ; town or country. Box 3242, Call.
STEADY, reliable man wants a position as
marker and distributer In' a country laun-
dry; will make himself generally useful. Box
3238. Call office. •
SCANDINAVIAN gardener; understands care
of homes, buggies, cows, vegetables, lawn,
flowers; In private family: ver- useful and
willing; city or country. Box 3247, Call.
EXPERIENCED *ardener and' florist, well
posted in all branches, single, desires posi-
tion; private preferred. Box 3250, Call office.
NEAT young man speaking German and Eng-
llsh. wants good position In grocery; lives
with' parents. Pox 3223, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wishes position in
country, driver or coachman on prlvato
place. Address box 3248, Call office.
STATIONARY engineer wishes a altuatlon;
can run dynamo. Box 3249, Call office.
YOUNG man of good education, fair knowledge
of the Scandinavian, German. French and
Spanish languages, denlres paying position in
California. H., box 3231. Call.
PHYSICIAN, 34, regular, desires salaried posi-
tion with a California lumber, mining or other
corporation. H., box 3232, Call. - -
EXPERIENCED private secretary wants sit-
uation with lady or gentleman; references.
J. F. LACOSTE, 602 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Situation as coachman; city or
country; first-class references. Address 865
Mission st. , •
YOUNG married couple (new arrivals); man
experienced coachman; wife first-class ling;'
'lissh cook; city or country; $50 month. O. B.,
box 2247, Call office. Oakland.
A MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation in a
private place; understands care of horses,
cows and garden; first-class reference. H.
STEVE. 473 Sixth st., Oakland.
I
WANTED— Position by a flrst-class German
cook; references. Address MISS GREF.NA-
W AY, Loyd ave. , Frultvale.
SITUATION In a liquor house, wholesale, by
a r.ober and reliable man. thoroughly familiar
with all inside work rind experienced driver
for delivery: ppeaks. English, French and !
German; references. Box 3213, Call office.
A GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and shoer. mar-
ried and steady, wl»i>.fs a situation, city or
country; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
U., box 8211. Call office.
ENGINEER . and machinist,' long experience;
up to date; good references. L. A., »09 Six-
teenth St., Oakland. •
AN experienced, sober and h'dustrlous all
around mechanic on repair work, with tool»,
locksmith; electrician, bicycle and wood-
worker. " etc., desires position as handy man
around summer resort. C. L. B., 438 Golden
Gate nve. ' .'. . "
WANTED— A position as 1 cutter and general
tailor, young man, steady and Industrious ;
be»t of references. Address O. C. WINTER-
BERG. 1618^ Turk »t.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by engineering stu-
dent as Held or office assistant: speaks Span-
ish. Box 798, Sanfonl University. Cal.
MIIJDLE-AGF.D German Keeks employment In
tattling works; Moda water and cider or wine
bottling preferred. Box 3186, Call office.
K WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rarer. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— 60,000 shares of Ward Consolidated
Gold Mining Co. stock. . N. I. Co.. 222 Parrott
bulldlnr. ' - ¦ ' .--¦
FLATS TO LET.
A .LOVELY all j sunny bay-window flat, 7
rooms, 5 'closets, etc. : Just thoroughly paint-
ed and papere rV; nothing finer in - any part
. of city; only $18; can't be equaled 'for J30.
444% Sixth st. ; Inspect Jo-day. ¦• , -
TO rent— 3 new flats. 5 to 8 rooms: 1907 Oak st..
near Cole: there flats are elegantly finished:
dlnlnK-roo— 1 has beamed ceilings; rooms are
¦all papered; parlor Is frescoed; also furniture
and carpets for sale; open for inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 5. ¦• ¦ ' !
4 ROOMS, bath. 148 Collln(rwood St.. cor. l»th;
5 rooms, bath, new, 570 Church st., nr. 18th:
6 rooms, bath. 445 Noe St.. nr. 18th. PAT-
TERSON & CO., 11 City Hall square. , =¦
FINE upper eunny modern flat, 4 rooms and
bath; 'large yard. 615 Grove st.. near Laguna.
' FINE flat' to let; modern lmnrovements. .3981
and 3!>S3 Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez. |
FLAT of six rooms and water; rent S19; mod-
era. ?241 Fifteenth st. ' . ;" :.
FLAT of 4 rooms, complete for housekeeping.
38 McAllister Et. ' ,
FLAT of six, rooma at 531 Greenwich St.; very
' cheap. ¦' ' ' '.' .•"•¦'¦¦' I '
FOUR sunny rooms, renovated: yard. 32 Wil-
low ave., between Ellis and Eddy. , '.••'',
FORTION of a flat, 4 rooms; email family; no.
children., 4059 Nineteenth st., near Castro.
HAIGHT. 534 — Unfurnished .floor ' of . 3 large
• sunny, rooms and bath; large yard.'. • . .. '
NEW 5 and 6 rooms; northwest corner Turk
¦ and ¦ Pierce sts.. $15 and $20. ¦ . : ' ¦ .-
NEW flat of 4 rooms: bath,' laundry; latest im-
1 ; provem ents.. S49 Liberty . st.
TO rent— 2 elegant new flats on Cole St., cor.
; Oak; ¦-¦ everything In • latest design ; frescoed
: ceilings: ' marble and tiling vestibule: rent
reasonable; also furniture and carpets for
sale; open from 10 to 12 and 1 to 6. :
MODERN sunny lower flat, 6 rooms and bath:
>' ISO.-. 1708' -Waller st., near • park. . -, , :
NICE, flat, of 4 rooms; no children. ;' 3789 Sev-
" ente«nth. st., . near. Sanchez. . • ,, : ...
SUNNY modern 6-room flat; rent reasonable;
without children. 2848 FoUom st. . ' ¦
SUNNY'- upper flat;* 6 rooms and • bath. .- 1012
Thirteenth st., near Scott .-
TO let— By . the 1st of | June. . sunny flat of 4
: large . rooms and 1 bath : ; cellar and yard ; . rent
reasonable.' 173 Cook St.. off Point Lobos ave.
TO LETT— Elega n t large new flats. Waahing-
• ton St.; bet. Scott; and, D£vlsadero.
UPPER .flat of 3 rooms; $13. 1908*V Polk ; st."
• 3 AND 4 room flats; large yard and stables. , 1
, Hayward st.. near Eighth. ' • '¦•¦¦¦
j9_4-ROOM flat, sunny; porch;. water free. 523
Linden ave.; key at 524 Fell st.
118— FIVE rooms', and 'bath.. 137«' Union St.,
r.ear Polk. : J ¦ ¦' ' /.;¦¦¦"¦' :'¦¦¦¦•. ' :¦ ' .
|2l-rSUNNY flat. 8 rooms, bath. : washroom and
yard. 1650 Hayes st... near panhandle. .,
BAIT FTlAjrCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: ocen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3S McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. — .
CI5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i>. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second ana _en-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2SO0 Fillmore street: open until 9t>._~u
CHURCH SERVICES.
' I AT THE STRANGERS- 3ABBATH HOME
1 I (*U3) Howard St. Methodist- Eplscopa 1
L R Chinch Bet 2<i & 3d Sts. Seats Free.
Si I; R«v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
VI x ' 1 ill Res. by the Church. Tel. Black of*.
•^lAJrK' ftAnifortableseat )
i_/ * Tvi. A III lurteous ereetln. > Await >»
_1/*V-U] UUrdial welcome, >
_ ! V! (fit t A 11 »- *"-• «ubjeet. '"Power From
HlllSFili on Hlch." Anthem, "Great lie-
?aJfefWrte deenw-r." Offertory. contralto
H__J3vl— ' BolO( .' AV e Maria." sung by Mrs.
&'lt£5&. : me£or!aY
and Gar'ffposu and their Relief Can- .will
l>e present. Patriotic »ong sen-Ice: Icnting
on the Old Camp Ground," solo by Mrs. 11.
?\ Owe" chorus by choir. Offertory, ••prop-
ping From the Kanks." by the Ho, w »£-" l J5"*
Quartet. UW* Flora nolllnger will sing The
Star-Spangled Uamier." ¦
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
*lon st-. between Sixth and Seventh-nr. B.
D. Huwtnplller will preach at 11 ©clock on
the topic. "The Great God of Daniel," and at
« o'clock on the topic "The »?«*" °/ fVie"
and the Low Places of Death." Seats free.
Good music and cordial welcome for all.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.-Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Uev. Dr. Stebbins. minis-
ter emwitus; Charles A. Murdock. "uperin-
tendent of Sunday nchool. The Sunday school
is at 10 o'clock. The morning service Is at
11 o'clock. Rev. George R. Dodson of Aia-
rneda will preach. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will
preac_ the Baccalaureate sermon at Stan- 1
ford University. In the evening there will
be a special service, which the local posts
of the Grand Army will attend. Rev. Mr.
Leavitt will deliver the address. Special
music All are cordially Invited to both ser-
vices. "*",-¦ ________
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth ets.— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore.
minister, residence 826 Capp st. Sunday
echool at 9:45 o'clock. Morning theme. The
Perception of God." G. A. R. memorial ser-
vice in the evening. Literary circle Tuesday
evening.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Goufh
st*.— The Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D..
rector. Holy communion, 8 a, m. Morning
service, 11 a. m. Evening prayer, 4 p. m.
Friday service at 11 a. m. for army and navy.
The rector will preach.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento St.— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D D and Rev. W. K. Guthrie. ministers.
Rev." W. K. Guthrie will preach at the 11
a m. and 7:45 p. m. services. Sabbath
school et 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:30 p. m. Midweek meeting
Wednesday at 8 p. m. Mr. Guthrie' s resi-
dence. 2323 Pacific ave. • telephone Jackson 6<1.
FI rtST Congreira tional Church, corner Poet and
Mason nts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both Ben-Ices. At 11
a. m.. theme. "The Meaning of Theological
Unreet." At 7:45 p. m., theme. •'Zaccheus.
the Rich Man." All are cordially invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter Bt., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Ancient and Modern
Necromancy or Mesmerism and Hypnotism."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 206 Keamy et., room 510.
All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ,
Druldi' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.—
Preaching II a. m. by F. B. Blair and 7:4*
hy Qeorg« Daley. 6unday school 9:45 a. IB.
This church was organized by divine com-
mand to preach, the everlasting goffpel, as a
"nlgn" of the coming of Jesus Christ to re-
ward all men according to their works and
pudsh those who obey not the gospel.
THE First Mental Science Temple hold their
regular Sunday morning meeting in Golden
Gate Hall 625 Butter St., 11 o'clock. Eugene
del Mar, the brilliant mental science author
and lecturer of New York City, will lec-
ture on "The Purpose of Attraction." The
public cordially invited to hear him. No ad-
mission fee. Collection will be made to pay
expense of hall. ¦>
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
by Mlse J. C Brodie. Subject, "Kanna-
Nemcgls." ' .
BIEETIXGS SUNDAY.
AA.— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at C~ istal Hall, Pythian Castle. 909
Market st. SubJ«ct: "The Wonders ol the
Nervous System." to be followed by magnifi-
cent view« of a visit to Italy. Those atttnd-
lnR may procure free tickets to X-Ray ex-
hibition at Sanitarium next Tuesday even-
ing. Seats free. No collection.
PARLOR health lecture and electrical exhibi-
tion; souvenir X-ray pictures of your hand;
every Sunday and Thum day at 8 p, m. The
Edison Electro-Medical Institute, 751 Sutter.
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX answered to-night
by Mrs. R. S. Lillle and Mrs. A. L. Gll-
leepie in Occidental Hall, 205 Larkln St.;
good tnunlc.
J F. T. BIBBE, Spiritual Church Sunday meet-
ing S09 Market St.. 11 o'clock free; 2:30 and 3
p. m.. 10c: Mrs. Seeley-Swaln. Nelson, others.
SSRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test meeting; questions
annwered; 1W4 O'Farrell, near Gough, 8
o'clock sittings dally. IL Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRS EUERHARDT'S convincing tests to-
nlRht. 10c: skeptics invited. 2250 Twenty-
«econd st.; pbune Blue 9S4. ,
SPIRIT tests to-night, 10c; readings and spirit
photos dally; Sundays, U-2. ARNOLD DICK-
KEN. 14S Sixth st.
MRP. PTODDARD circles that convince; Sun-
day. Tuesday, at 8 o'clock; sittings dally. 278
Ninth et^ 1 '
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-nlg-ht. £05 McAllister: 10c. Come
ekeptlcs. ,
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S rplrttual teet meeting,
8 p. m. ; 10c. 305 Laftin ft., cor. McAllister.
W. <5. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
r.'.fhi except Sat.; 10c. 14S Sixth St.. 2d floor.
Katl* Heujsstnann. circle to-night; questions an-
Fwered, 25c; BlU'gs. 136 West Mission, nr. 13th.
MRS. BVANS~_0 Sixth, r. 16; cir. to-night. %
10c. and every eve. but Wed.; readings daily.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night
at 8; 10c; slttin— dally. 1 to 5. 108 Sixth Bt.
MRS WINCHESTER. 1C10 Clay— Meetings to-
night and Wednesday, S; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
C. V. MILLER"' S materializing seance; 8 p. in.
10S4 Bueh; £0 cents.
MEETINGS— Universal Urot ricrliood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theo«ophical
Society (non-political and ungectarian). 310
O'Farrell st.— Next Sun.. June 2, public lodge
meeting; to-night meeting for members only. '
MEETHG SOT1CES.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O.
F.— Members will assemble in
their lodKeroom THIS DAY (SUN-
DAT) at 1 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of Brother J. I. FORTRO.
J. H. UUTAFF. N. G.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O.
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY. P^ay £jg7^~£&-
27. MCI. Members and visitors '^^jStftXr
cordially Invited "
T. C. NIXON. N. G. S. SCOTT, R. S.
A SPECIAL meeting of the Past 2JC
Chancellors' Asaociaticn will be held _ R_>
on MONDAY EVENING. May 27, at *<NM£
Pythian Castle. 909 Market st. Major
General Carnahan will address the meeting.
All Knights ate invited.
WILL I. BEATTY. President.
C. S. HOFFMAN, Secretary.
TO the officers and members of Yerba .<*'_>
Ruena Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W.— SrSfli^
Tou are hereby notified to attend the fjS_S5
funeral of our late brother, JAS.
MINNIGAX, from his late residence, 643
Folsom *t., corner Hawthorne, SUNDAY,
May 26. at 12:30 o'clock. By order
FRED ROTHGANGER. Recorder..
HEADQUARTERS Lincoln Poet No U±.%SjH.
Department of California and Nevada' 5^H&?
G. A. H.. ban Francisco, May 25. laoi.— *£_.
Comrades of Lincoln Poet will assemble at
its hall SUNDAY EVENINO. May „ lm at
7 o'clock tharp, for the purpose of attending
divine service at the Howard-street Methodist
episcopal Church. 643 Howard st. near Third
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson. D. D.. pastor. 1 Uni-
form poft caps, badges, white gloves and
dark clothes. - By order of Lincoln Post
- - .. JOHN- C. INNES. Commander.
THE fourteenth annual picnic jPTj?*-*.
of fthe Sons' of St. G*orge f^^SrK^r
wIU be held THURSDAY. 22*AW_\__
May 30, at Sunset Park, •^W-^.N ¦n^ 1
Santa Crui Mountains. A tf^^--^- TT~n^
most interesting programme lfv.-B^S£^^
of Erxrlinh earner* and sports \ • ASjJV._>
for old and younp. fat and
lean. A grand tug of war— - -*¦ ~"— ~
San Francisco vs. Oakland and Alameda.
Valuable prizes will- be offered for all events.
Muffle and dancing will hold forth all day in
large pavilion. Trains leave 8. F. (foot of
Market ft.). 7:<S and 8:4S a. m. (Special train
—ill li-tve Fourteenth and Franklin. Oakland.
1 a. m. Tickets (round trip), $1; children, f>0c.
MEETING NOTICES— Contl-qed.
TWENTY-SEVENTH annual picnic An- >M_»*
dent Order of Forester«> and Compan- <"f
ions of the Forest will be held at Call- f\
f ornla Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, <t—>
THURSDAY. May 30. 1901. Tickets round
trip and admission to park. 50c, adults; chil-
dren under 12 years, 25c. Valuable gate and
game prizes. J J. FALCONER, President.
M. BOEHM. Secretary. ' ¦
THE Caledonian Club will hold its v %T
thirty-fifth annual satherins and A Qy/1
pames at Shell Mound Park on "_OLJ>
THURSDAY. May SO. The best *«*"»
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over $2300 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to 8
p. m. Bagpipers for njatform and fancy
dancing. Over forty events on programme;
fret one. A Highland welcome with a full
day of pleasure to all.- Buy round-trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children, 2>.
COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olymplo
Salt Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. S27 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. 1901. at the hour of 8 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tor* to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will clone on Friday. May 17. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. — 1. OHAS. At GIBSON, Bee.
Office J27 Market ft., San Francisco. Cal.
PHRENOI-OGICAL talks free EVERY DAY
at the office of "Mental Power," 14 McAllis-
ter st., from 1 to 4 p. m.
AORNTS WANTED.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not lrrltnte, bvrn nor potson the most deltnato
i-kln: persons! demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., agcy., 426 Kills.
WANTED— Airents to sell George F. Cram's
bu*lncr>r< atlas; a good position for a good
Falestnnn, male or female. Call nr address
4ft Ellis nt.. San Francisco. STITES &
STEARNS, managers.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or ln«ur>
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
FIRST-CLASS man can make blor money. Ap-
ply to Elder Rental Bureau, 22 Kearn'y St.,
between 3 and 4 p. m.
MAN to solicit; city or country; can make
from ?2 to $5 per day. Apply 3 Taylor st.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and Flrl bs-
bles. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th. Alamcda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, .aephalt roofing... sidewalks re-
pai—d; postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folgom 1607.
____________
TEACHER of astrology and palmistry, horo-
scopea. SOc and $L Mrs. Dr. Smith. 1001 Mkt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bidtj.. P27 Mar-
ket st.»; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BATHS.
YOUR kitchen stove will yield boiling hot
water for baths by using LANE'S new gal-
vanized pipe system; ring up Main 315; con-
BUltatlon free.
HATH CAUINKTS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON, Niagara, Per-
fection and others. Agency, 428 Ellis st.. S. F.
HOAUniNO FOK CHILDREN.
GOOD home for Invalid or children: short way
from city. Call at 1244 Sanchez st.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care:sunny yard:nr.school:rea»onable.l607 Cal.
BCSIKKSS CHAKCES. '
A— CANDY store in Western Addition ~$3V»
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in business district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and 'lodg-
ing-house ;... goo
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st. 2CO0
Merchandise business In good town,. ....'.. 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses
delicacy stores. In all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL _ CO.. 1032 Market St.
WANTED— For cash, branch bakery; also sa-
loon with lodging-house. EITEL. 1032 Market.
SALOONS FOR SALE
3 saloons on Fourth st. — WOO, J350, $750.
2 saloons on Third St.— $1100, $5000.
2 saloons on Seventh St.— $1500, $2250.
6 saloons north of Market St.; new bargains.
GAMMILL _ MOCK. 906 Market St.. room 8.
$3000— HOTEL in lively mlnlcg town; bar trade
$50 per day; 26 rcoms. GAMMILL & MOCK,
9C6 Market st.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants
S00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 833 Market st.
FOR private sale— Some of best saloons In cltyT
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
HAY. coal yard and large stable; well estab-
lished stand. 1229 Fell St.; rent very lo~ .
Apply to UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
I HAVE full control of legitimate transaction
in which SCCOO profit will positively be realized
inside 10 days; absolutely no risk: would like
to meet reliable party who has $3000 cash or
who can control that amount for 3 days: will
dlvlfle profits equally. Box 3254, Call office.
SHOEMAKINO and repairing businesn for
sale in a good buslnecs locality in Oakland,
doing Jir.O- per month; union price's; three
uunny living rooms In rear; cheap rent; no
reasonable offer refured; proprietor going to
Mexico. Box 2246. Cell office. Oakland.
INCOME $1000 yearly can be secured by any
one who will take trouble to Investigate
our plans; no gold mine oil well or gambling
pcheme: straightforward business proposition.
JUMIAPA CO., C15 Fullerton bldg., S».
Louis, Mo.
$300— FOR sale, store doing good business In
home baking, delicacies, candy, notions,
school supplies, etc.; 4 living rooms; ren\
$14. 4301 Eighteenth at., corner Diamond. |
DRUG store in Rood location, doing" fSOOO cash
business a year;, will sell for cash or ex-
change for city real estate. Address box
3224, Call off ?.
IF you ere getting only 3 per cent for your
money call upon us; our securities pay 5 to
6 per cent. West Coast Investment Co., Phe-
lan building.
A— J19P0: DELICACY store; receipts $30 a day;
rent |15; everything first class: owner Rolng to
Germany. STRAND & KAISER, 209 Kiarny.
PRACTICAL carpenter can secure an Interest
in an established, profitable business; capital
required $125. Apply C32 Market ft, room 6.
A FORTUNE — Mining men and others, share
In the DEAN-OVIATT ore roaster; investi-
gate. 221 Phclan building. Market st.
WE have rich gravel jrold diggings; you have
caFh; we want small mill or subscribers;
guarantees.* Box S227. Call office.
ACCOUNT very serious sickness will sell my
Market-Bt. restaurant at bkcrlflce; low. rent
Hox 32i3. Call office.
J20O— STOCK ani Improvements of chicken
ranch: rent ?3. C. E. GOULD, Seminary
ave., Frultvale, Cal.
LADY partner with $B00 to $l(X)0 for store busl-
' ness. Call or address Gaslight Co., 1526 Park
et., Alamcda.
A BARGAIN; saloon and grocery for sale; S
living rooms In rear; rent $25. • Call at 1034
Howard st.'
FOR sale — Good-paying' saloon: best location;
low rent; groins away. Box 3226, Call office.
$400— RESTAURANT; part cash; cost $1000;
paying well. D. McRAE. 837 Mission st.-
WANT to buy Rood phoemaklng business cheap.
Address box 3257,- Call office.
WANTED to buy business which stands In-
vestigation; not to exceed much over $50C to
$1COO. Box 3218, Call office. ' .
FIVE good lots in Stockton to exchange for a
saloon or restaurant; balance cash. Box 4184,
Call office.
TO rent — Completely "furnished, running restau-
rart; bargain; opp. S. P. depot. 698 Fourth.
Florist to Join me in starting nursery; I have 7
acres land, water and house. Box 3209, Call.-
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man aiM wife. E91 Fourth st. •
A GOOD business for one or two ladles; ladles'
new and second hand clothing store; rent
cheap; location first class. • 1013V4 . Folsom st.
WANTED — A partner Is some splendid paying
patents.' Call at 7 Clara st. '
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $C00 a. month; this 'la a rare chance
for the right party. , Address box 41144. Call
office. . - ' , . \ . ,
RESTAURANT, good place for man and wife;
very low rent.. Address Box 3170.' .. ;
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cap* Nome. Box 2133, Call office. ¦
BUSINESS C~t AKC_S — -Co-tinned.
FOR sale— $8000; old-established flower ; store,
with ¦ nursery, . hothouse, etc., i boiler, I horses,
wagons, plants and trees of. all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-,
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 600 Halght st. . . -
$300— SACRIFICE ; paying cigar , store in town
of 5000 inhabitants; clears . over $70 per
month. Box 3192, Call office. V
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
14 rooms; fine sunny corner $ 700
24 rooms; new; elegant furniture 2,000
11 rooms on Sixth st. ; rent $30 425
12 rooms on Geary st 900
S2 rooms on "Market st 2,000
20-room house on Turk st 1.200
85 rooms; rent $150; clears $500... 2,600
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.; new 900
2« rooms on Kearny St.; clears $100 1,600
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
45-room house; clears $150 2,000
. 16 rooms on Sixth st.. 750
100 rooms; corner; clears $500 7,000
120 rooms; clears $600 10,000
16 rooms; new and clears $100 1,400
17-room house; clears $150 .., 1,400
SO-room house (transient) 2,300
JS rooms on Mission st • 750
100 OTHER HOUSES FROM $100 TO $10,000.
GIVE. ME A CALL— I CAN SUIT YOU.
I have been In this business In this city over
26 years and have seen every hotel, boardlng-
houss and rooming-house built, and can tell
whether they will pay.
.H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opposite
Fifth;, phone Mint 798. \
MARION GRIFFIN. ...The Real Estate Agent,
719 Market st., rooms 1 and 2, by Call bldg.
Houses of 20 rooms are In big demand.
Here is part of my list •••
20 r., Grant $180'J 20 r., Ellis ........$1600
20 r., Jessie 700 20 r., Market I 1000
i 20 r., Mission lOOu 20 r., Seventh .... 1500
20 r., O'Farrell.... 8000 20 r., Geary 14*)
20 r., Market 830 20 r., O'Farrell ... 135')
20 r., Eddy 1400 20 r., Kearny .... 160'J
20 r., Mason 2500 20 r., Geary 2000
20 r.. Turk 100CJ20 r.. Fifth 1000
I am agent for sale of 471 rooming houses.
Please call for list of any size or price.
I have money to loan on any house I sell.
If you want to srll your house, phone me.
Telephone 1 Black 1-8-0-8.
A. CAMERON A CO.,
£50 Market Bt. und 8 Stockton St.
Rooms 21,. £2 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all slros and i>rl«vi». See Hot of barg»ln«.
58-room hotel; rent $125; fine business.... $4000
20 rooms; rent 75; newly renovated 1200
14 rooms; hardwood finish; Income $120.. 700
12 rooms; rent $40; sunny; good furn.... 550
20 rooms; cor.; cheap rent; good trans' t. 1000
19 rooms; rent $60; good furn.; clears $70. 1000
18 rooms; cor.; sunny; pays well 9U3
8 rooms; rent $35; 6 furnished 230
12 room; California St.; rent $50;, apart-
ments; oak and mahogany furn; llrst-
class roomers 800
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN, TOWN.
8 rooms; lovely corner; new furniture.. $330
10 rooms; Van Ness; cost $1400; to-day.. 100"
20 rmsr; downtown; nr. Market: rent $75.' 1200
35 rooms; big money-maker; Al value... 2'WO
118 r. modern house ; good cor. ; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO,. 838 Market st.
15 ROOMS; permanent; walnut furnlture.$1200
, 20 r. ; rent $100; clears $80 a month 1100
1 60 r. ; private sale: money-maker; central 15!W)
10 r.: rent $43; alwayn full .'-. BOO
61 r.; on Sixth; rent $150; light & airy.. 2800
23 r.; on Sixth: rent $50 900
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 769 Market Bt.— A good list
of lodging-houses. ¦
FISHER & CO.! S3". Mnrket St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800; 33 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $r>."0.
26 rooms, price SHOO: 11 rooms, price $323.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30. $D00.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
1C ROOMS— Only $S50; fln* location; near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market wt.
__________________
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
9 ROOMS on Minna st; prlcn $250.
14 rooms on Taylor nt. ; price 1700. .
9 rooms on Sixth et. : price $4S0.
19 rooms on Grant ave. ; price $1300.
Office hours from 8 to 9 p. m.
Eureka Real Estate, 2S Sixth st
PARTIES wlshinur to purchase lndsrlnK-houses
at reasonable prices call 1C0SV& Market, r. 4.
SNAP— 28-room house, all fullrgocd reason for
gelling; rent $60. 420 Sixth st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
: 16 pases,- in wrapper, for mulling:. $1 -per year.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
WANTED, at once-— Oood tenants for 4 new
room houses. SPECK & CO.. C67- Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; Ufa reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1184 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis-
rt. car; Bit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium.' will read your life
correctly; circles TuesJay and Saturday even-
Ings; readings dally 1 to 4: ladles 50c. gents
$1. 305 Larkln st, fourth floor, 87 and 8S.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larklr \
st.; tel. Howard 2711;. hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m
MRS. HUBBA RD, 109 Oak-Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:20, 10c; reading
dally, 6flc.
Mrs. Gllllngham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c.. 305 Larkln. Wed., Sat..Oak1d, 532 22d. ;
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth st.. room 18^-Circle
every nlgrht. 10c: readings dally. 60c.
MME. MAJORS, glfte.1 spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 14C Eddy st.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer.' 117 Taylor
St., room 14. ¦ . , , ¦ ,
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk ]?P7—
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN.* huMnoss and lest me-
dlum; clairvoyant; card reader. 715 Post st.
RAYMOND, boy medium: grand trumpet se-
ance to-night; tests tc all.' 509 Gough.
KATIE HEUS6MANN. 136 West Mission st..
nr. 13th— Circle Sun. evn.. 25c: sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: clttlncw dally: t*»t to all tn-nlght: inc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. .
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis- ;
fled. In life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a ' proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market St.. opp.' Sixth. By mall three ques-
tlons answered. $1. Full life reading, $5.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' • ,' . , ~ .
. THE FAMOUS -
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent- '
ly located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. '
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un.
happy or, not satisfied In life,' or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult thlsgreat
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ,
BROESKE BROESKE BROESKE
The well-known psychic and. scientific
palmist; gives advice on all affairs of life;
reads your entire life — past, present and fu-
ture: your character, talents, -abilities,
health, etc.; gives advices in regard to pro-
fession, love affairs,- business, speculations,
etc.; scientific palmistry taught: oral palm-
istry; readings $1;- perfect satisfaction ¦ by
mall. Send stamp for circular, 203 Turk st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
-Epeclal terms. Dally, and, Sunday. ...
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, • tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band cr wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies COc,
¦ gents Jl palm, and clair. sit. SI 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL clairvoyant; . what he tells
comes true; ¦ send . 10c and birthday. PROF.
J. MYERS, Lincoln * Park . station, Chicago.
MISS ZEMDAR. young-; gifted clair! and palm-
ist; has second eight; wonderful prophetess; {
. names given; 1. 50c; g. fl. 1203 Mkt.. cor. 8th.
MME. SANDERS, 38 McAllister at., medium
and palmist; teaches mind telegraphy . and
. gives advice on all business; hours 13 to 8.
ISMAR, ¦ the Egyptian . gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. te 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme.' Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings. COc. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
MME. LA HOSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
' test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. 6th.
HET.P WA^TRT) — MALE — Cow.
~~ *--¦
A— MURRAY _ READY J?hone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
\.. WANT 1 A. M. MONDAY ..........
60 teamsters and laborers, U_ab.. v ...$3 i day
Railroad Work Free ~«®
Carload of laborers for S. P. R. R- Co. s own
• work. Santa Barbara and Los Angeles dlvi-
,sions, free fare $1 75 to $3 25 day
We— Pay— Your— Fare— and— Ship— Monday.
50 laborers, no experience necessary, for
mills, yards and woods, sawmill co, $28 and
found, fare paid. ' •
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
S carpenters, sawmill co..$~ to $60 and found
Long Job carpenter for ranch
MECHANICAL HELP •¦•'•"
Blacksmith, ranch, steady Job.. $52 and found
Carpenter, country. $3 day; blacksmith, coun-
- try shop. $3 50 day: wheelwright; blacksmith,
agricultural works. $3 day: woodworker,
woodturner, shaper and band sawyer, $3 day;
brick maker and brick setter, mine, see bos«
her*.
MISCELLANEOUS
Young man. drive bakery wagon, country....
Sexton for Catholic church $25 and found
3 machine miners, Nevada County $90
3 single-hand miners 3 quarrymen
Gang edgerman Screw turner, $4S and found
IS stablemen, hostlers and buggy wuhers.
FOR A BANK SYNDICATE— YOU'LL SUIT
IS . men or strong boys to work In a larg«
orchard and vineyard and farm, to pick.
fruits, work tn packing and drying houses,
help to dig small trenches so water can run
. down between vines, etc.; wages $26 per
month and found; steady Job year around II
you are willing to do the work; general man-
ager will Uach you.
10 laborers, quarry $2 day
S laborers, no experience, for mint.. $35 - fd
8 laborers, city. $43 and found: 6 laborers. $2
day; 5 laborers, manufacturing co., $33 50 to
$40 and . found. - .
MARRIED HELP *
Farmer and wife, orchard. $1 70 fare...... $30
Farmer and wife, no objection to chllj..$3>
Farmer and wife, orchard, easy Job, ueo boss
her*.
FARMS— DAIRIF.S-ETC. „.
326 haymakers $1 23 to $2 day and found
57 farmers, orcha rd and vineyard
$26 to §30 and found
28 ranch' teamsters $28 to $30 and found
35 raHkers, $35 to $10 and found: S buttor
makers: 27 choremen and boys. $35, $20 and $13
HOTEL AND OTHEH HELP
Baker, sawmill co $45 and found
Camp cook,'near city $45
15 hotel and restaurant and second cooks; 7
ranch cooks, 125 to $40: 3 butchers; 7 bakers:
14 waiters, city and country; dishwashers and
kitchen help. Call and get one ot our lists '
for other positions not advertised. * >
MURRAY - READY. 134-636 Clay st.
ATTENTION! /
Office Open 7 A. M «
Wanted To-day, Sunday — ;
Wanted To-day. Sunday :
..CO Teamsters— New R. R. Work. Truckee..'
SO Laborers «:
....Ship This Sunday Night for Truckee.....
100 Tunnelmen, Drillers and Muckers $2, $3 50
Ship This Sunday Night «•
For Chats-orth Pars «
..50 Laborers. - Ballasting Track Coast Road..
60 Laborers. Santa Barbara & L. A. Divisions
Ship Tbls Sunday Night
60 Teamsters. Uklah. $2
CO All Around R. R. Men. Uktah. $2
Ship Monday Morning for Uklah -j
« A. M
Office Open 7 A. M to T P. M.
...* To-Day, Sunday ................
Bakers, pastry cooks, cooks, waiters, kitch-
en hands, who want places, city or country,
call
C. It. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
WANTED— 50 first-class white barbers, must
be good men, for the best shops; $14 guarantee
and steady work. Address or call at once or
telegraph JUBITZ & SAILING, barber ihop.
Portland Hotel. Portland. Or. -
ACTIVE man by large manufacturing house to
work at home; $34 In cash paid for 13 days'
trial; promotion and permanent position If
satisfactory. Address S. P. Co., 720 IUn-
stead st. Philadelphia, Pa.
YOUNG man for shorthand and typewriting ln>
mercantile house; must have experience and
be proficient; salary $30 per month. Writ* In
own hand age, experience and references to
box 3201, Call office.
BAKERS wanted: cracker hands, peelers, roll-
er men and oven men; also experienced boys .
and girls. Apply to JAMES W. McKAT.
Pacific Coast Biscuit Co.. Second and Volaom.
WANTED— Elevator man with not less than 2
. years' experience on lever electrical elevator;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3173, this office.
TWO flrst-class house carpenters; brick mason
to take sub-contract; non-union: no office
fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410
Kearny st.
WANTED— On board U. _ ship Iowa. 2 clari-
onet players. - Apply on board. Boats leave>
Folsora-st. landing at 10:35 and 11:33 a. m.
WANTED — A flrst-clasa steward in large res-
taurant. Leave name and address, also for-
mer e!tuat!ons i lnbox3241^Can_offl^e :
WANTED — Young man who has had experi-
- ence in draperies. Apply at HALE BROS..
- Monday morning, between 8 and 10 o'clock.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALES BROS.,
between 8 and 11. Monday morninfe.
FOREMAN bread bakers, bread bakers, help-
ers, confectioners; permanent positions; good
pay. 127 Mason st-; open Sunday.
TRtTNKMAKER. first class, immediate!;.-.
Third rioor factory D. D. WHITNEY &
SONS. 343 Spring st.. Log Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Office boy: state age, salary desired
and references. Address Attorney, rooms S6-
67, Columbian building.
WANTED— First-class architectural draughts-
man. Reply In own handwriting, giving ago
and experience, to box 3233, Call office.
WANTED— A bushel— .an at Boston Clothing
Co.. 773 Market St. - . _
WANTED— A dishwasher at 1522 Kentucky st.
BARBER for Sunday; good wages. 1J37 Du-
pont at.
WANTED— A few boys to learn Jewelry tra<lc».
R. BUJANXOFF. 17 Lick place. Lick Hou.if.
BOY from 9 to 10 years familiar with city:
. easy Jotx Box 32X7, Call office.
WANTED— Machinist; must understand all
kinds of sewing; machines. Box 3344, Call.
WANTED— Steady reliable manV as nlalit
watchman. Box 3222, Call office.
TAILORS wanted: coat, vest and pantsmak-
ers at MARSHALL'S. 12 Kwrny «t.
EXPERIENCED knitting machine operators
and one or two apprentices. Apply 60 Oary-
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladles' underwear.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Bedmaker. 920 Howard St.; call
after 9 o'clock.
SHOEMAKER wanted; must be willing: to
join union. 34S Tenth st.
MAN and wife to take charge of restaurant:
good location. 837 Mission st.
COOK and waiter with $150; half Interest la
restaurant; cost $1200. 837 Mission, st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 713 Market st-
WANTED— Industrious men and women in
' every town to work for us at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to give
out: some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the wbole day to our Work.
you can earn $5 or $3 a week by working an
- hour or two evenings. Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 143 West 23d st.. New York.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push":
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1823
Point Lobos ave
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional. 304 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED— A few good canvassers: pleasant,
permanent and - profitable employment to
active parties. Address Manager, department
B. 403 Chamber of Commerce, Tacoma. Wash.
AN experienced bedmaker for country hotel,
32 rooms: wages 120. Inquire 231 Fifth St.:
fare paid. • *. ¦ . ' •
2 WAITERS. $_ and found found: upholsterer
who understmds mattress making. Ahlborn
House. 321 Grant ave. , .
BARBERS — The Byrns Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. .Woodland, Cal.. must be sold this
week. ' ' ' .
COATMAKER for country. Apply RE1S9
BROS. _ CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ERRAND boy. well recommended. Shirt store.
S35 Valencia st. . . . ,
BOYS wanted at Holmea Book Company. 704
Mission st. . V
FOR SALE — Three-chair barber shop and bath.
Addresg H. L. JACKSON. Uklah
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
8. -Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over • feet I
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply at the Recru!tln_
. Office, - 40 Ellis st , San Francisco.
WANTED— Men. to learn barber trad*: MO .
monthly paid our graduates; two months
' completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented: wages Sat-
« urdayi; diplomas granted: busy season now;
call - or write for our srecial offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 835 Clay St.
WANTED— Young man of neat appearance;
one ¦ who thoroughly understands silks and .
dress goods: state experience, 1/.— • aim- _iary
expected. Apply box SIM. <C*IX +^T$C*THE SA-N' rKANCISCO CAL1L; SUNDAY, 26, 1901.
29
* MISCELLANEOUS — POH 8 ALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
. ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stuck of
. saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we con ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021,. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth ; write for catalogue.
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for $300; I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
RETIRING from business— I am sacrificing a
lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON,
55S Mission st. '.•¦•¦ ¦
FINE runts; runt crosses; white homers; hen I
pigeons ;. prices reasonable. 2041 Linden St.,
Oakland. - , ¦. ¦ r
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
ANGORA kittens; best breeding: reasonable:
» visitors welcome. Presidio Cattery, 3313 Clay.
ABOUT eight French plate nickel framed mlr-
rors; bargain. ROSENTHAL, 224 Bush at.
NEW steel safe for sale, 2 ft. 8 In. by 2 ft. 4
in. Apply H. F. STOLZ, 510-512 Castro st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
THOROUGHBRED runts. Giant Pigeon Lofts,
276 Ninth St.. Oakland.
NEW 5 H. P. boiler and engine; rare chance:
$150- P. BARNUM, C90 Brush St., Oakland.
SIX M-ln.xl6-ft. boiler shells, suitable for oil
tanks. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
FINS* Japanese water spaniel; a beauty. Call
136 West Mission St., near Thirteenth.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2<l-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
3 H-P gasoline engine, nearly new; guaran-
teed; bargain. EPSTEIN. 588 Miaslon st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, ba^s and dress
suit caies. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROCJH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st. ¦
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 1S1 Post st. .
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic" lantern goods
bought, wold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sarramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
EXCHANGE and sales offlce, 321 Phelan build-
ing, Market st.— Send particulars of anything
you have for exchange or sale or want ; regis-
tration free; Insurance and loans; 480 acres
timber land for city lot«: $16,000 hardware for
lots. S. F. or Oakland: 7000 phares oil stock for
lots; trained pointer for kodak; 370 acres Te-
hama Co. for city property; state your wants,
large cr small.
WANTED — Second-hand bicycle of standard
make; up to date. S. A. P..- box 3234, Call.
WANTED— 10-ton second-hand platform scales,
In good order. A. N. GRANT, 526 Seventh st.
BARBER'S chair: second hand: state make
and price. Room 544. Winchester Hotel.
GOOD second-hand side saddle. Address C.
C, room 10, third floor, 135 Geary st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2S22.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
rash. TT. L. WHITF.HEAD. l'Ofi Mnrket Ft.
• B1OAEY TO LOAA.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
• their friendship; do business with strangers,
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Marke. St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d, and 3d mort-
gages. undivided interest real nstate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtrln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lo.v-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Markst
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
ALL perrons having pledges with UNCL.3
HARRIS, 15 Grant ave,, are hereby notified
to redeem them, as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next.
LOWEST rates 'on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; raoy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room C8.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamond*.
MONEY loaned salaried peoplo without aorur-
ity. HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 Califnla,
LOANS mon<*y on saUry; no indorser; Km.t.-rri
plan. Western Loan Co., 800 i'helan Hldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private, Lick, 116 McAlllitor,
2% on furniture and pianos; flS up; no removal;
no communion; private. Iloom 81, 6 E'ldy at.
ON Mlnr!«s or wbitm; no ln<1om««r rerjulr*/!, H.
F, DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Hielan bullillng.
flOO.OOO TO loan on mil estate or for building;
low rate. 2M Han»ome at., room 2.
TUB Tousley Company;, loane and discounts,
821 Parrntt building,
f'AHH joaneri to calarM i"on|p on nota without
InriornfT. MOnnP!FJ<, <W9 Vinamini-r building^
MOFfBV WAHTWn,
MONRV W ant«i1-Hty>ffl| Hfw* In fnrtiisTrlaJ
mmptiny paying dividends h« nogurlty for Jis,»
(Mi « per rent, We«t noas£ investment twin*
pany, T'hPlB n iHilMlwr,
WI3 w'gpt IMW for' PO fay* I 'imr\(y^\nTWii
«nd Vijit'ti fhArea. vfipmMe elnrhi pay | par
nent a month ft^_f^KJil* l i*'_fi''JL l ??li'_iI?il;
WANVtfn-fW (nr W A»yn\'n»m\r\ty, joint w.-
['fljatfim ii'iftf Mi'1 I'i'i'i MilgFPg M'»n|f, Wm SU'S,
f'ftll flfflpa,
'i'liitk mm] fit fan* immten,
lii.-iiiupn II |iif"Mt« dm lilt-lmH {yp$
{>( AmtliHn V nutifii ,
fit IIIDH l1n>l>ll t IlilB
A riiHiiii-Ici Al It* "wn,
ti fntarMla Oia hum Iihr-ii h» nw m,
Ull Jil«ll».» ill lll«(l«« WIJH l>,ient',' i>iu a,
It I* iiiilH nil ki 'Idiiilli'i luliM'lnlm,
A mudBJ Uf JoiiSj
A'tl.in IS Hi/lit l.ii) flnii,
T" <>l* imii'li- ||in< iltelif,
ft i«, (fifiM.i, (» hlKh'^iRna iilann
Ann y»l KuM Ht ft iNwisrHi". iifles
Uf Tli» Wllny II. Al|«li Cu,
Wa waul fls*n(«, uriii wa
Ara In k iPUHlMiiii to mimifl uficwtnrf
i'if.111 in .Iff Ikim,
W« efinnlflpp tli* d*a|a|i'a lnlf<rsata our own,
, VV« urn Hr«Hi /ellww» (nt lerrltorlAl iUlii»,
' Wide AWakf,
J'rKBfBONlVP,
AffBI'PHHlV^, tf.m, * '
l)|. ("I illilr. In ».VBfVlllln« l '
Atml'.tipi for iifw miBtoiilt<ffl,
. ¦$*» i'« or write Ui
t1i» Wllpy II. Allen L'fi,,
The l.u.iiiiK iiIhii.. ilKHlera,
»M Mn)t.Pt ft., Mfit) Kl.m. l«^n •-)¦$'''
HMiii.'lim ut Oakland, Hn< rnmsiito and
nlliC'lttOll.
A MOOKItM tilfitio tnelnry in Hi your 6\nt>MtL\
to Iiiivm your iilnni. thorotiKhly overhaulmi
by flrst'daiis workman In evecy dupartmeiiti
you can littve tt reiialrpd while vmi nre nway
for tha summer, tuned, tone rettulateii, pn*
Ished and delivered to you on your, return |
you pay no more to havp It rpfalred lti'the
factory than you would have in some small
shop, and tmve the advantage of skilled
men In every department; we Invite you to
inspect the factory, BYKON MAUZY, 008-
810-312 Post st,, sole agent, Bohmer. IJyron
M misty, Oabler, Hamilton & flplelmann
pianos. i •
THE beet thing we can say of our great Cflsh
piano sale is that it has been 'the most suc-
cessful one we have ever held. There «re
only five more days In this month, therefore
you must not delay If you 'want to get the
benefit of the. very low ¦ prices we are now
offering; Just think of cutting n nrlce .right
In two; that's what we are S doing In this
sale. .We will arrange to meet you i in the
' evening If you -are not able to rome' In -th*
daytime. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC
. ¦ CO., 7G9 Market at. , - -;'¦', ¦> .- ¦ . . -. v. , -^..' ¦¦•
BARGAINS— Clearance • eale * bargains; , upright
1 pianos, $75 and upward;." Bteinway, 'Knabe,
Emerson, Hartman and . others; - squares ' $10
up. BRUENN, 208 Post st. ,;• . . ¦¦..
' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— Con.
ALL pianos' purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
¦ & CO. may be exchanged for. a new Steinway
•upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
' month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per ,' month. . SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner . Kearny and Sutter
sts. San Francisco: corner . Broadway and
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
ALL uprights lowefit prices and easiest terms.
. 1 Novella $65 . 2 • Chickerlngs (like -
1 Heine baby grand 1 new) .....$200
fllke new) $325 1 Hallet-Davis....$405
1 Stelnway ...$185 2 Ileines $315 up
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes.- Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davls-Heine. etc.: agents want-
ed. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. ;
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters,
¦ 314 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are now
¦ prepared to offer several new makes and' all
of our . old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 > Post St., between Stock-
' ton and Powell. ' 't „> ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
! west of Chlcaeo Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
28. and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
' and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible, done i to please and satisfy the
customer. - ¦ ', ¦¦'¦•¦
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, $75. $125. $145, etc. ; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chlckering. . Vose, I Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players. . ¦
HANDSOME standard upright piano; also
t paintings; sacrifice; leaving city. 736 O'Far-
I rell st - ¦•"..-• .'¦..¦•
SMALL square Weber piano in good order;
cheap. Apply at 729# Treat ave. ' .
WILL pay cash for good Stelnway upright;
state price. Box 3240, Call offlce. [
FOR SALE- A fine Bradbury piano. I 341 Eddy,
corner Leavenworth st. ; grocery.
HAVE sold 2 pianos; have another excellent un-
rlght at big bargain. T. H. Kllgo. 846 Mission.
AN upright piano: must be sold: owner leav-
ing. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st ;
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
. one-half. . W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LTJDWIO plnnos the most popular. WIT^KY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents, 933 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano.* SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes at. ...
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer uprigflt. i 217
Geary St., room 38. | •¦¦ ¦ •
A SMALTj Chlckerln? upright, $1215; 6 uprights.
second-handed, your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1708 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song
BARGAIN— Muot be;«old; nice unright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
STIPKRinn violins, zithers, old and new. . H.
MULL.FR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIC BOXES. 1
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
beet repnlrer and maker on the coast for IS
years; fine Swifts an.! American .music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market St., bet. 3d and 4th,
south side: thoroughly understands his bust-
ness and th« right party to deal with.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
TO rent or lease— Second floor, 620 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel; Al huslnesa location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT, 623 Market St.
TO lease — 15 Grant ave. ; the whole building.
» store, basement and 3 floors; 2 rear entrances;
. suitable for any business; grand location.
A FINE glass front store; living rooms and
large yard; Al condition. 442 Sixth St.; $CS.
CLEMENTINA, 23— Store and 4, larcre nles^ant
rooms; rent cheap. Key upstairs.
ELEGANT, light, sunny offices, partly fur-
nished; fine location. 143 Powell st
LIGHT. Funny ofllcPR $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
»1« bnlMlnir. 927 Market nt. . • ..
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex. '
COSTA RICA — Last chance at 10c; big advance
in 'a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co., 326 j Post. Open evenings.
WELL • organized oil , company; has small
amount protnotor's stock; bargain. 3236 Call.
5000 SHARES gilt-edge oil stock at 2c; must
sell to meet assessment. Box 322S, Call offlce.
1000 SHARES or less "Bachelor oil stock at 6c If
Bold at once. URGENT, box 3230, Call offlce.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order;' all
sizes ; cheap. H. B. WHITE. 616 Mission st. -
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for. sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to. Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
BHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAINTEKS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
$8 up. Jeniten Se Bath, 308 -Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's, 808 Larkin: tel. Larkin 1060.
I'ALSIISTRY.
MADAMB QERMAINE,.
For ten days only thin famous business
PALMIHT
will remain In her present quarters prior to
a much needed vacation.
Remember she guides you for a year
ahead, 806 Market st. ¦
II. JEROME FOSHKIXI, *cl«ntinn palmlft, SIS
Taylor St., bet, Oeary and Pout; tel. Utack B*l,
MK3,LAmb,sclcntlfle palmlvt and charHcterreud-
lng; lewsona In cluss and private,. 617 Montis st.
MHhTwm. MnMANUH, scientific palmlst,~7u'o
Market, JO to 6; residence 731 Guerrero st, .
MMI3. UKriMAINIsTths business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. Wt Market st,
about your hair, It Is to your Interest, to
buy tha HM»r Ifalr Remedy berausH |t not
only restore* trie, color, hut r-nren dunilniff,
uii,|iM falling i""i stqw* new hair, It la not
ii q>e, Nn ?lull, to h.hIii op linen, Leave*
the |i«lr soft fui'l Milky. Aliu.<liii«|y harml?**,
This jwrlBBn r«m«ily nnm hy (Jni«rKlst» am
hairdrtfstrs. ( <a M tnr It, Pa »r/t ba.jjer*
mmdfirt to take any pth*f. Van uiwuyn get
it, at pur ntnue, J»»j*7 Henry nt,
Ml^T~"orT twnu^TunhlTimYntih 7 HPhirW, nbln
rtltfHfctH, rhmjmafjsm, pjlw. jfttsFrh, any d|s*
rDM U*h» iini:U,i4 and old remedies hava
fBl|»f1, Wf KHtrpnte* to phw »Hpa, UM nr
WfUf for f»iD InfOFRtsnon lo the slrt rwllHl'le
Hills; blnjnte/U MedielBS (?§„ imnmiwillv
t^Tv ynuf Ii«Ip l« Mllns iif i you »f» Uhh p»|i
win iiflt ))* Aimwiu\*fil Urn ,wi)t>ny Is j(5«l»
)/flH* fit \h w»n«f|.fjNllNiMgnj {fht j\fH±\kfi
WwFiWTiyl^^YtiMh h*rt, hhTn rutmYeln^i
M/ih*>rii» or i.|iM'IhI»v iiipi.i lii Ml Hti PKi.fP.i--
ltiKiyiill(flM!V«HM'l Frtlnl.lp Ifiii'j pi.M'lnl Ifiiiin
«fni iiiilijiis iwhH'myHH ilflli \mi'M in«<ii hi*
V^llljfllfl/ flu! DM/ l;"<t;rtl<i [Wi'hi „
Af<t/™i*hii >»ay« *7»(*lijnjf u i''»l|i nc /?«/ Vnff
a MiuM winsiill trn*M\*i It, »l. UUHhhV, ill
. Moftflif «t. \\R\fAm*\UK *n-1 iMHfiliMirlnifi
Th« fwhwiftmw cure* ijonr eifeulntloili
fjlrmiUr ffuBi ' ± _----*
A^WOMANri7irasiii|iijiTiiii. e»Ti1 wnd ~ mr\nU\*A~fm
fin«"«li1a of f«<'», <tthsr «M« piaila anifmlli Hiifj
youthful S\v wsjitprt ai|»#ioi«i|ati In t'iwitti m\\
r, 1 1 1 A I tVi'r/'WTnii '*' 'lotfiwn iitjblt rurert lit
iitmiBf lift vhIuhI.I* lnf.iiiMMili/ii for Iliniiir,
piftfjitilna, fi|ilurii. » f Aftim habit*. MIIK.
Wil'MAMH,
VHMimMU Iliitirim" very I'OiiKi^Wlnchaptjr
ifetel, U Third sf.i P t *r.,MHrk*n T«« rnoiii*i
l?r.M in (I Mi tier mUIiII 1 1 tfl Jo $* |i«r Wf>r>h|
tr«» 'Iiuh ana jiM.gi«a:a tojimi fmm Miefefty.
AaTj fifdwr «nd fop «n\t>, T'uis")
fliPhllle-WiiV* rtlM, HiiU |iiiMln|-t.K| l1n»ifof III
(HipM -twlim. In i hflfih nr .'linln, at liiwett
-JJ w^^-Il Kf>^^ A .' 1 T!"^ VH^!''?-¦ tf !" ( '' OftklftHa^
$TYv KKK Tj*~ Wultti to" ~0f ue7 ~ttt>m K«nU I n«
Wretch, $10 ui>i fine dre«M rulio, $^n uol el#«
rriflf : overcoat*. $16 un, LMoN LMMftft- llir
Mnrkpt M., tx-twppn jN^ventli ntirt Mla/hth.
STAMP conepttirK, Rttentloji • 1 nm dlsiioslnff
of my large collection nnd now In trip chanifl
to fill in runny nt your- vacant spaceB. M,
. C, KTTlNOffR.'723 Mnrkrt xt.
"MENTAL POWIW is a nnw 16-paga Illus-
trated threnoIoBlpul magozine, • $1 per . year'.
Offlcn 14 McAllister H. Kxamlnatlons free
to all' patrons. Agents wanted. ¦ •
CANCETl curea at home by Intprnnl treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monial-, mailed free, i Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second nt...N. Y.
MECHANIC, aged 40, wishes to correspond
with rcspectnble - domestic young woman;
Episcopal. . Hox 3210. Call offlce. ¦ ..¦-.¦¦ ¦
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
I or double', $2 25. ¦ EASTERN OUTPITTINQ
CO.; 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresning, hair work, man-
I lcurine; private lessons or class.' MISS A. y.'
S DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet.' Polk and Van Nesa.,
A LADY wants a responsible party, to Join her
in .locating some • rich gold mines. ; Address
Mrs. R.. box 22D1,. Call offlce. •. .'
PERSONALS— Continued. v
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. . RAY, 857 Jesele st.
BOARDING' club \ starting. \ For information
address box 3253,' Call office. . -< ,. ¦. • ;¦<
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; reasonable.
a KRAMER, Ladles'. Tailor,. 220 Powell st.
SPANISH' lessons given -by a' native Spanish
teacher. Bis McAllister st. •
TAILOR made suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
6S9 Clay at., cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
- cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
Ladlrs' and gents' cast-off ' clothing bought ana
sold.'J. Silverman, 884 Folsom; tel.Folaom 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna;, restores gray
. hair to ita natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LA MOTTFTS- French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.' ". .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call; 16 pages, sent . to any address in . the
TJnlted States or Canada one ypar for $1. * '
PHREyOLOGY.^^
PROFESSOR G. W. CALDERWOOD, the emi-
nent phrenologist.' has removed to the offlce
of "Mental Power," 14 McAllister St., par-
lors 5 and 6. As editor of the above maga-
zine, the professor has agreed to give a free
examination to every patron of the paper.
Office hours 1 to 4 p. m. "' ' .._
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
Drt cTicT^DONNELL^oTfice and residence,
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. TVONa HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases 1 of the human body; see
t»yt1mnniwln wt office. 11S-117 M*«nn. nr. Ellis.
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 80
years; over fifty names of prominent bus),
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
enlves for rale. Particulars, address Physi-
. clan, box »nn. rail office. B. F.. Cal:
PHYSIOGNOMIST.
MARY O 8TANTON, scientific physiognomist;
reads character by the face or photograph;
hours 1 to 5, 7 to 9 dally; free lecture Sun-
day 8 p. m.; Thursdays 2. 810 Leavenworth.
property Wanted.
WANTED— Modern residence 13 rooms or more;
'Western Addition. Piedmont or overlooking
Lake Merrltt: canh: mutt be a bargain. Ad-
dress box 3210, Call office. ¦
WANTED — Business or residence property;
$5000 to $20,000. Address R., box 114, Call.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— -FOR 8AX13.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
.218-220 Montgomery Street..
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
$1850 — Cost $4000; bay-window cottage of 6
rooms and bath; basement; 3649 Twenty-
first st.,' between Church and Sanchez;
lot 50X114 feet. ;
' A GREAT BARGAIN. - -
$16,500— Three modern houses, 12 rooms and bath
each; rents $142 50; always rented; lot
60x137:6 feet; Washington St., inside of
Larkin. ; ,. .
FINE NEW RESIDENCE.
$6500-^ Waller st.,- near Masonic ave.; lot 25x
¦ 137:6 ft. ; 2 stories; brick foundation; 10
' rooms and bath.
• ' NEAR THE PARK.
$5125— Waller st., near Broderlck; lot 23x110
ft.; residence of 8 rooms and bath.
VAN NESS-AVE. RESIDENCES.
Prices See those three new modern residences
$12,500 on Van Ness, between ¦ Vallejo and
to Green; now being finished ;. dining-room
$14,200. finished in oak, stained-glass' windows;
7' bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, billiard-room,'
• etc. ; easy terms if desired.
BIG BARGAIN.
$28,000— NE. corner Sixth and Clementina sts. ;
lot 35x80:6, ft.; 2 stores with 22 rooms
above; rent $1CO. • •' ' - . -
SUTTER-ST. • RESIDENCE.
$6000 — N. line, near Webster; contains 7 rooms
and bath; lot 21x75 ft.; $2800 bank mort-
gage at 6. per cent can remain.: -.
' IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$37,500 — Close to Howard, near Second; large lot,
75x160 ft. through to rear street ;- pres-
ent rents $115; should have new build-
ing.
PRESDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT. ,
$32C0 — SE. corner, 32:6x63:10 feet, with unob-
structed view of Presidio and the bay; only
$100 per front foot.
. FINE RESIDENCE.
$0500— SW. corner Laguna and Green sts.; lot
2.'xlOO feet; contains 10 rooms and baths; open
plumbing, etc
VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
$8600— Van Ness ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contain* 9 rooma and
bath; near Pacific ave.; lot' 25x100 feet,
A MARINE VIEW* RESIDENCE.
$13,000——
¦ North side of Vall«*Jo at., between Buchanan
and WebHter; lot 40 feet front by 817:6 feet In
depth, with modern reald«nce of 12 rooma and
2 bath*; houre n bout 8 years old; inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bargain*
In nmrlnc-vlr.'w homes ever put on the market;
lot and Improvements have been appraised by
competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVKBTMKNT-PAY8 14 PEH CENT,
f7CoO—Hents $02 per month; south of Market
St., between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
BHAINWAlJp7~BUCKnEE A CO..
213-220 Montgomery it., Mills building.
IJOVK13, TOY * KONNTA<V~
URAL KHTATR AORNTS.
1Ii/ub«-k rented, lenia collected arid full charge
laUen of iiravorty,
§H Market H»,
$70,flfl0^f?bo|oB downtown corne#j $ frontagest
g iihirUu trom Chronicle i.uiiiiins; S Hn« i.hii.i-
IMBS Upon fh<« eamfl rented f or \VM per monlh.
jM.fHM-r'h'ifwi 60-V»fa tm Ilyda at,, nsap r.'alU
form; U imhmntM mumi rmm (nr |335 U)
ner month, • '
m.Wb^Unl on Tierry nt,, near ViUn\ Pholpa
|.,i, Kiififlhifli for HmimfarHtrtn*; \inrii'it,tsm n\*a
|»7(«¥»« tett,
m,hifh:{%)\v$ lot on ths norm Una of y Hr |t
WMO^VhniPi* PQfner on mttery at,, ntn*a tn
fiu\\fitvn\*i Wfi.A'MJY. »»"* bssement brleh
itiJm^Q^fy »l, rtowntflwn . oernwf gmf\ l»
Mmy l.iiiliiiMjs, rented (a em tenant (nr Jm i««f
mnntU,
tilMfarihfltfi* PflFnff «n n/osrtwsyj lot t6%
I8fj« fwfj »rpnd unolisJrHfltM fii«rifl« vjew,
WtiM^i'hHWa Mfihwm^wwr tm 'O«v lift.
H v*jy finf UrntUm fur fl» s,
fiHiM tin \tnit>* ni, «nd.l »>(» iMmn «v».i 1..1
'ti'.finUH tm\ "•'(»« w i'»c iii'Hiiiit hiwh^h
ttliMi
»?()"<»¦ « Hm Mi fin fini.iiHM«n it,, iif-mr nut.
tfl i M-rifs r>'l I'" i- I'liiiiflii I
frff «('** i (1n*N Hill H i'iiltH«« tltt M'"lll (•(,, (ilnan
Ui (/CstOlll C«n»* m 80 \*t fnonth/
IftjfKl^TweflliMM'nfl'l •{/( fl»«r tiU»rrtltQ\ I
fiiwipiil lilt*) r*lll« |5S |i?r rnnrilhi
mitt°~V,t\<\y a|,, jiaar I!mcIihmmhii| | fl«t« nn.l
tunr i<ntl««»»l lit IB* 110 faat tltrmiffh |o Laurel
nv»>, ! i mil w f44 |i*r ni'iiitli,
fSW=-'rwn jnotlfin niUc on nrodarlcli gt,| rvnls
fin imv friiifilli.
flOMi- y.fdnry ItniiiH nn f)n(!r8inanto »t.i lot Ifiii
11710 ff>(i|| llllM l« A ImrndlM,
tint, -.-nick i'iimm«o im uirtiiiiiini «t., nmr
TwpiHy.fointli.
$i;oit.-M»ii1«iii ('HllHhrt of 0 iiimIii* arid tlAth,
clti«a Ifl Union If on Wflrk".
»?,'n^('ii'iii« Lii mi I'Mif.iHil* it., ncftr Nltiili
av#, | I'd JlSxiflO, f#ft, ¦ „
I'lii'Hioi- iirti-1 en him uf •
" 1IOVMM, TOY ti MNNTAih '
HHADQUAttTMfti ygltJ'AltK LOTS,
. guperiOf lots) cholc«it b.irnnlimi mil snd be
convinced, ¦
1100, 1160, 1200 to $:ir,o-i,pvi Ocean • lioule«
vard lots! ready to build on) near < cars; $3
monthly. ,i , • .
Select our 'Sunset lota) graded and'sewered;
all hmttnltm; bulldlnp; up rapidly; don't wuH;
$500 to> $000; Installments. . * ... ,
Bunset branch offlce. Ninth ave.', t near H st.
$400 to $800— We can positively auit . you , In
Richmond lots; easy terms, ¦
$7G, $100 to $250— Level lots ,near Mlsalon-st.
cars; ready, to build on; $3 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN -COTTAGES ON
; ,° . .: : ... • EASY .TERMS.
¦¦ $4500— Elegant new 6-room < cottage, e>tablfluind
driveway; > 50x120; choicest street In -Richmond.
¦ $3500— Best built 7-room. cottage; Richmond.' '
$200(V— 6-room cottnge; choice. .St.; Richmond.
.^$1850 each— 2 splendid cottages fin Sunset. ;.
$1000- : -3-room ' cottage; '.Richmond;" """-r/A!",
* ,--,,• .SOL, GETZ & I BROTHER. *
.; * ' • ¦• ; . 54 ¦ Chronicle ¦ building. ( '
BARGAIN— Lot ; and ¦ 8-; room ¦ house • on : Mission
st. for sale cheap at D. COFFIN'S Cigar
• Store, Twenty-ninth- and r Mission sts. .*;. '
REAL ESTATE — .CITY—- FOR SAUL
O. H.' UMBSEN & CO.,"
« 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
At our aalearoom MONDAY, May 17. 1301. at
• 13 o'clock noon. ¦
:i CHOICE BUSINESS CORNEB.
E. W. Fourth and Brannan sts., choice corner
lot, 83 by 100. Must bo sold.
. ELEOANT - CHOICE CORNER. . /
By order of Archbishop P. "W. Rlordon. :
NW. corner Fillmore and ¦ Hayes sts. ; large
elegant residence; lot 112:6x242:6; irregular.
Thia property, formerly the Sutro ' residence.
was acquired for church purposes, but in view
of .the proposed Panhandle extension not being
sustained by the Supreme Court and the
Church remaining in its present location we
are ordered to offer this' property. This is a
splendid opportunity for builders. •¦
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
828-638 day st. and 627-643 Merchant St.. be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery: two substan-
tial brick bslldlngs, 7 rtoret- and offices above.
Several offices on second flotr and entire upper
floor consisting of 18 office, temporarily va-
cant. Present rentals . $425 ier month; owner
has standing offer of $100 per month for upper
floor for lodging purposes on a lease; lot 70x
108:9; 2 frontages. ; - ¦
E. T. ANTHONY ESTATE. '
/ ' Executors' gale. '
407-409 Commercial st., near Battery: sub-
stantial brick building; 2 stores and 4 lofts;
rents $130 per month; lot 40:7%x"3:S, subject
to confirmation by the court.
FELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
220 to 230 Fell st. and 219 to 233 Linden ave-
nue, near Franklin St.; improvements consist
of 7 houses and 4 flats; rents $177 per month;
both streets accepted by the city; lot 87:6x120;
2 frontages.
CALIFORNIA-STREET INVESTMENT.
1248 California st.. north line, near Leaven-
worth; elegant three-story building in good or-
der; an ideal location for private boarding-
house or flats; lot £0x137:6.
HOWARD-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1126 Howard st., north line, near Seventh: 3-
etory and basement frame building: store and
2 flats; rents $65 per month, which are low;
lot £6x90; this choice' holding one block from
new Poatoffice.
DOWNTOWN BUSINES8 PROPERTY.
311-313 Pacific at., near Battery; 2 stores and
lodging-house above; rents $50 per month; lot
44:9x91:8; bank mortgage of $6000 at 6 per cent
can remain;
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1002-1004 Hyde St.. east line near Pine; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores aad flat; rent
$55 per month: lot 31x60.
CELIA HAOAN ESTATE.
Executors' Sale. •• ,
Subject 'to confirmation by the court
No. 1. ?
2732 Pine St., north line near Devisadero:
residence -of 9 rooms and bath; basement,
brick foundation, cement walks and street ac- I
cepted; lot 25x110. /
No. J.
2734 Pine st.;- reslderice of 10 rooma aad
bath, basement, billiard-room, etc.: lot 30x110.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
NE. corner Sixteenth ' and Castro sts.; ele-
gant residence of 10 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.: .nicely elevat-
ed: fine view: lot 30x100; cash above bank
mortgage of $3500 at 6 per cent -
• SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
428 Bryant st., : north line near Third; resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; can be , readily
converted into flats: lot 25xS0.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
The following three propertlea must be .sold
to close an estate.
,« • .'• . . No. L
198 Laldley st.; choice residence of 10 rooms
and bath, stable, windmill, tank, etc ; large
grounds and garden; no expense spared . by
owner In making this an attractive and com-
fortable home; well built, commanding an un-
surpassed view; lot 150x176. Irregular; thia
property fronts on -three streets. .
No. 2.
Laidley st., bet. Mateo and Roanoke; lot
100x100; planted in trees and 'flowers; an Ideal
'spot for a florist; good well of water.
# No. 2.
¦Laldley st., near- Falrmount: cottage of 4
rooms and basement; separate chicken yards,
large garden, etc. : lot 100x100. . -
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
•' -14 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE. •
- Established January. 1358.
Real . Estate Agents.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
¦ ¦ 62S Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
Geary st.. inside Larkin; 60x137:6; partially
improved; only. $25,000; cheapest offering on the
$250ft-Offer wanted: brick Improvements and
lot; Clementina st., near First; lot 23x75; $1000
mortcaze can remain. •_ ¦ • .
Cheap— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero: con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
$5£00— Broadway, near Octavla st ; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26xl3L * • . ¦ '
Two flats: Clinton Park, near Dolores at.;
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and. bath and stable; lot 28x114. "
$15,000— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
J250O— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath. '. - - i '.- - .
$3000— Morris ave., near Bryant st; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75.
$4500— Folsom St.. near 8th; 25x90; two houses
at *1« each; total $22.
1500O— Post St.. near Baker: lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate. . .
$Ki00-Pine st. near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 50; lot 23x137:6. „ ' . „ ...
Laundry building with 2 flowing: wetla of Al
water tanks, barn and lot 1(8x120. on r.orth
line of Lombard at., between Fillmore and
Stelner; alao lot 152x120 on Chestnut st, In
rear; rents *$73 per month; muse oe sold on ac-
count of non-residence. ' _
$10 600— Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x90, with
two corner*; Taylor and Greenwich ata. ; just
the place for a grocery. _
$3CO0— Cheap! Sixth st, near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$TC0O— Harriet at., near Howard; lot 10x75,
holrtlns: fronta** to Sixth at.; rent *M.
$4000— Leavenworth at., near Jackson; (
rooms and bath; 22:6x115.
$ I SCO— Florida at, near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooma and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON * BURKE. 626 Market at.
Make a home secure in old age by the aid of
easy terms of JACOB HRYMAN COMPANY.
12660— New 6-room and bath: latest Improve-
menta; on Hoffman ave., near Twenty-third st.;
atreet sewered and graded ; cloae to Twenty-
fourth at.; electric road; agent, James Cotter,,
° n tS7.^- l N # ew 4-room and bath cottage; corner
lot near. Courtland ave. and schoolhouie; Mis-
ilrm-it. car; easy terms.
$100, $1U>, $200 and $350; park lots; great fu-
tU 6nly two lots left fronting the boulevard, be-
tween .1 and K streets; street graded, ready for
biill.llng; a splendid place for a hotel, over*
"ihfto^txUO; worth $12"0; on Ninth ave., 100
feet north of Clement at,, next 10 California;
will build if d»«lrrd, .
filnihum station- Acreage ground to sell In
the AMven tract, cheap; rood tor chlrkan ranch,
En *»*»» "» JA ' goa } tB YMAW, 117 flutter st,
' i(ea| J?«ltt!a *hrt Insurance Brokers,
' ¦' II Montgomery tiir**t, fl, V,
IHSifWFwo beautiful rntjiiurn flat*; minny aids of
strefti ffnflns; (nr Him p'F month; A*h*
imry Hmuhtn, . - •
IftrtMTwe mwem fl«*s an th« nerfh ||n* ot
PtHifwnia hi,, nifmu to Central *v«.j tot
HkIS7i# faat,
fiiO».fr=Thip» rt«<*i w««t Hne nt Mas$n *t,, rtnt>
we for »**> pr annum.,
MBflMfwn #lw»nt /U»»j /niton «., §lew la
1^,111^1'fif.y femiiUltf* fit § Friflffil H»)'1 tl«th,
jlOd=N» r,,,niff rtii'1 loori imi<M«v«tM*fii*i
. Jfnlon »(,, mnr HyAe, ,
WW*i#Hwiwfif)t> *t., m*r meAtrn m»<
A*WQ fit 1 innni; l.rtlli rtim tmr*»i*t\ti
i lilnwtenl flftS tMffCltiB yiHWi tiff** W«0(«'li
All or »nJ vm*l to M B^K««g b; ;
li»Ht_tijtj»>i) «nrt JhauMWM hftik*tt, •
|ll,M«i -MbmI |I4»» |i#f HMMiiiiii h »>,n<»r lirap'
my In * jimln»M fan nt tw t'liyj a affap,
ll^w^Hva ««fitt«i»a ftfid To* \w te»\ ffunl
hi »ilil f»»t rtft'thi on KMf §ii, iifdf Flwt.
1'ijMi -IiMitH (M otf annum) « fln# »=«i»tk
fmiitif, aintH «iiil I flats ti(<a(Hlra| lift (laafy »(,,
n««r Flllmofs,
Wit'O^Uxnt til* |.«r «finiifii| I i *<.-•(. >ry Ami*
h\e tint hoiisM, n«s.r HitHi and llryani, ef 4
«niJ » twiiii* J'»r ft«t| * ¦Pji». 11
IIIIMi iior RllllMllll Oil MnAlllKl«r al,, n«ar
fiMHHimi lt<*m In r«AF ulraat,
u\im = \\un\ %\M\ |;IbIiI»"»iMi «t., n»*t thi\6f»»,
iirfori r«tit tiM i*r nfintimi % t)nt
fltttN tin fiilfl.im *t,, lie, PiuiHIii »l*»y* f«nl"i1,
K«tliTaT»^l*8eli1i' ll«t»liirt r»nlrt«ii«<ai Utn&tiwtty
oorntP) btxiMlfut Mtwrlfia vlaw, Call fur (ittv
J^lt'UlB f^ jr» H Mg«M UTjfY COm <4H Myfcst.
iBlii?Tvr yeyMoriinywhTre-i *wa wlillmy it
tut you, *>t "Hi a hnuittt ta •tilt «nl n°U It i.t
>mi >,n v»ty ftuty tonnH. TMW Mu(MlltMV
TO M PA WjV,_J4«_M>rltat at •
IIAUMAIN! ntip.rpBl.lptum lot nn Jlrna.lwny;
iimrliw view) greatimt bArfaln «n 1'nelfic)
Melghta. THB McjrAHYHIf COj, «4< Market,
fjOO^TO clous estate; cosy House of t rooma;
•lot KxllO. IRQ t Alabama, nr, m\\\ a>>bargaln.
$l"fio— To close estate; co«y cottage of 4
hard flnlshtd rooms', lot r.xlin. $223 Harrison,
nr. ITtlii a bargain; owner nt tiff Bush st.
NEW COLONIAL nESIDENCES
: v Just Completed,
On Lyon at., bet. Clay and Waahlngton. ,
..' 11 Sunny ltootna in Each. -
' Hardwood finish: 4 grand mantrla; electric
lighting; tiled bath with hardwood floor; the
very best of plumbing and • workmanship
throughout houses; everything that Is needed
In a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once; open for inspection. - or apply to DAN 1
EINSTEIN, owner andy, builder. 117 Sutter st.
FOR sale as 11 whole or In subdivisions; 50-
¦ vara lot; south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet cast
¦'" of . Pierce. Lot, • northeast " corner Green ' ana
Pierce • sts.,- 103:6x137:6 ' feet.' Inquire of
'CHARLES . C. . DEMIS, • Real Estate Broker.
-'324 Montgomery . st. • - - . , -¦¦ ,
A,-BALDASSI &CO,; 2M Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business -. with English, . French,
• Italian and , Spanish speaking people. '
BIB? AT/ ESTATE— CITY— FOR 1AIJB. -
.-I. _ L1 .--,-. . -
BALDWIN * HOWBLU
10 Montgomery Street. i
_^_HJ.00O_^_ RENTS IU0O .
Pays 1 per cent per month; 1-story aad b*##.
ment brick building; S stores and hotel «rf H ;
rooms; lot 51x137:8; Montsomery st.
?3S.00O— BUSINESS PHOPSRTT—
Mlssion-st. ' business property: downtown:
pays (2400 net per annum;. S per cent: 4-story
and basement brick building; elevator. •"''"",
IS2CO RENTS $783— —'
Business property on Eighth at. ; ahort dla-
tance from Market; store; baaemest and flats;
lot 25x137:8. 4 .
$250G-^^RKNT3 135 „
Big Interest on the investment: owner most
sacrifice at- once; Z houses on Harrison aaf .
Alabama sts.. near Nineteenth; loveatlgac
this. - ' ...,.;
. i • i *'e' : -Q
$7500 RENTS $70 PER MONTH— ~ '
Two neur flats on Shrader at., near Halgat: )
block from ths Park; contains ? rooms aa«
bath each; lot 25x134:1
$8150 —RENTS 1900 —
Two new modern Pacific* Heights flats, ¦ 04
Devisadero. at, near Washington; lot 13x110.
Building lots .....'. .....^....^..«,
..Front the Park :
....H st. and Nineteenth ave. Boulevard........
Prices moderate •..
Terms J10 per month
Interest S per cent on deferred payment*
Lots Level.
Streets Macadamised.
Plank Sidewalks.
Official Grade.
Gas. Water aad Mail Senrie*. . .
On Car Lice.
.Better Class of New Homes
Branch Offlce at the Corner
of H st. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Oat*
Park; open every day. Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, .but interest yourself In a, boms
lot at once. Small first payments, balance $10
per month. Interest • per cent on deferred
payments.
BALWXN 4 HOWELL,
' 10 Montarorory st»
LTON & HOAO, ] ~~"
114 Montgomery Street. '
$20,000— Fin* business corner on Sutter at.; sub-
stantial Improvements: rents 1150: could
be increased to flM; lot (5x90: to b* aokl
to close an estate.
$10,500— Two expensively built flats ea Page at.
a few blocks from Market; 7 roams and
bath each; coat over $10,000 to build.
$10.000— Three fine flau on Fell st., facing park:
.-. always rented; pays good return on th*
Investment. - . ¦ ¦
$7,230— Rents $67 50; handsome n»w flats: bert
part of Park Panhandle district; marble)
steps, etc. ; big lot.
$8,800— Three bay-window flats on Larkla at.;
rent $62 SO; a splendid, buy; very cheap.
$4,600— Three fiats on Broadway, near Hyde it.;
rents $43; a splendid bar. *
$4,350— Rent $42 60; 2 bay- window flats etas*
to Park Panhandle; nothing better for
the money.
$3,250— Store and flat on prominent street la
the Mission; rent $32 SO; a snap.
$2,800— To close estate: 2 flats oa Union st,
near Larkin; rent $28.
$2.350— Three flats on Vallejo at.: rent $28; an-
other bargain.
$1,300— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; Wis-
consin st., 2 blocks from terminus of
24th-st. cars; $200 cash, $14 monthly.
$1,300— Store and flat: Point Lobos ave.. near
. . . Masonic; lot 26 feet front; very cheap.
. LTON ft HOAO.
-• 114 Montgomery st.
VON RHBIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.)..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Union St.. near Taylor; 2S:ftxl23:3; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 SO.
$8250— McAllister stt near Stelner; 28:4x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
$8000— Pacific st.. near Powell; 40xsO>; stor*
and 3 flats; rents $63. ¦ -
$7000— Folsom st., near Fourth; store and flat;
rent $65; 25xS0.
$6750— Vallejo st, near -Laguna: 22:10xS7:«:
house of 11 rooma and bath; rent $45.
$o500 — Buchanan st., near Post; 34x87:8; houaa
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125— Post St., near Baker; 25x137:8; a flats}
rents $37. ¦ - -
$500O-Leavenworth. near Filbert; 25x112:6; S
new flats: rents $47.
$5000— Corner Leaven worth st. and Broad way;
cottage and 2 flats; rent $41- ¦
$5000— Sacramento, near Walnut; 25x100;
2 new flats; rents $33.
$4500— Pine st., near Buchanan: 25x110; boos*
of 7 room*. -;..-' . •
$3904- Harriet St.. near Bryaat; SxTS; «-story
tulldmg: rents $40. r ..'
$3350— Clementina st. near Sixth; 20x80; noose
cf 6 rooms and bath; rent 125.
UNIMPROVED.
$55CO— Greenwich at., near Taylor; 45:10x137:*.
$50C0— Capp. near Twenty-fifth: «Sxll*.
$4M0— Union st., near Webster: 6S:9xtt7:«.
$3500— Pulton st., near Fillmore; 32;«xl37:t
$3000— Laguna st, near Page: 28x100.
$2500— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 2« 4x100.
all genuine; bargains in this list.
Apply A. M. SPECK * CO., 887 Market st
$1300— Eight-room bouse 00 Union st; terms
half cash. ¦ • . '
$1500— Five-room cottage? near Buchanan st
$1600— Seven-room house oa Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three flxts near Maaon and Sutter «u. t
rents $21. ' • *
$2r00—8tore and 4 rear living rooms on Mis-
sion street.
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Maxk*t sts.-
$3500— Store. fl\t and house; rents HI; mm
Fourth and Ml*slon sts..
$3800— Store, with rear rooms and flat above;
reduced from $1500 to make sale; near Eddy st.
13750— Two nice flats near Hyde aad Califor-
nia ata.; r*nte $37.
$10.0C*-Btora end 2 elegant flats; p*y about T
per cant net. -.
$15,000—1 modern flats on corner near Larkin
St.: all rented for $14S.
$U,6CO— Grand investment; modern Improve-
ments; lot 70- foot front; near Taylor at.; rents
1170; all rented. V
$34,000— Mission st{ 70-foot fronts*. «; dewn>
town district.
$40.000— Grand lnv«atm«nt; f*w bleak* from
Tlvoll; one tenant leased ( years at $4000 year;
half eash.
$45,000— Post st. comer, downtown; splendid
bullillng; 60 feat front; paying I per cant net.
Other bargalna.
Apply A. M. HPECTC * CO., H7 Market at.^
V. B. Bt/nRTHNE. *
rbal mi Kim aobnt,
13S Mimfgomery Street,
BOMB qoOff~IKVK8TMKWTS.
t20,(x,<r-K*ntf ((4$ per nuinth; corner on
crVaneU af,
Hd,f,.-«)-^rhree ehol«» flat«S fnt* |1V) par
Mi.inrtii IHl«h it,
lif.Uth-Want »n offtr; rnrntr within a.
ntnna's throw ef th* ens' Hall; stores *n4
flats i raftM UW P*r PM>»tH-
ll4,V<^K«»r Kill- »n4 M4¥«nworth| I fl*Ul
M nt« t\3lp*r menthi wa.*» an tttf,
iH.i.nft-Thf** new mm*rn fl*is| PmIra
HpJb h»aj rent* fll» W per month,
mifliii rend §74 i"? monthi idt »l»w» la n«r
'Vi^V^fhrM *** «aMm flaisj *••!• «M|
"im'^MVi'f* ill i*p fnnhiiij I (l4t«i %(***? m
"^fllffl.* ,r..,<1.rii fltlth ttifftM Mil
fl> j]wirh.rarry ¦•.« n**r ¦'eunhl renla IM $.e»
tnt llrt, ,_
III Montftfmary st,
POWMTOWM IKVEHTMBMTI t \
IHfl.NWW-Killii »i,| mmfarn bglMlna;) Mflfifi
1 anri e\ntm*\ IfaMdl lnv««lls«(« J^hfs, .
l|M 1 W*-* 1 ln» WB»i|aaal» Investments M«rfcjt »»,,
' nasr wataj fr.inti %-*\my brtali build*
li^KliiwNCIB PROhSRTIM, '-
jjrt Mni^ft.BiitUnl rnmiem heme en P»e\tl* *ve.t
uncurpitaMti m»rtn» vi-^s U rorrma and
% Imlhai « shnlee htwn*.
ll7,6(»*=Vpfy fin« mr»l*rfl fl«f» on C<Mlf6fnls>
#{„ fl#«f Hfnii'Mell I Well f.ti?-.l,
Il3.t<i<>'-Nf'f»h •M" nt Na<>fMm»nir« at,, watt fit
P'fi'li lot 0*117; h»in»» of I rooms and
KlBgsnt Cluy.at. 'h«Mn«j noiin «lds «f O«r »t,
beyond L*$un*t hmi»« r>( II rovim«|
sunny and tborourhly modern, Apply
for particular*, ror rent or sale,
$:7to--CO»T 'l'vtn\ Liberty pt,, n»ar Ouerreroi
J a ntce noms, In the best part of ths MU-
atom will bo sold cheap, ss owner wishes
to leave the city: 2JtlH.
$2750— A RrMl ' vouth of Market . Inveetmentf
I'erry st. near Fourth; street accepted
by the city; pays 11 per cent on asklns;
price.
$2400— .3x100: three lots: Mission et. near Chfn*
ave.; front on the road; thea* lots are
"very cheap.
$1300— Fine . lot -on Chattanooga st, near 23d;
the only lot on the block; a choice part
of the Mission. tfaemmi&i&pmBU* ¦• ¦ . '
$373— A cheap lot on Prospect av*.. near Mis-
• »ton-st. , carhouse and .Cortland ave.}
C Mc^WEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole st. ; open dally.
CHKAPKST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ¦ tha
• United States or Canada one year for $1.
For Additional Classified AdvertLw-
ments * See Page Thirty..
ACTIVE man by large manufacturing house
to work home; $3S cash paid for. 12 days'
trial; promotion; permanent position If sat-
isfactory. Address D. B. EHEPP. 723 Chest-
nut St.. Phlladeplhla, Pa. ¦
WANTEr>— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st., restaurant help of all
kinds: male and female: register at once;
permanent poeltlons; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; » to 12 per week.
WANTED— First-class fur dresser for Salt
Lake City; steady work on contract; good
wages. Call Sunday, between 4 and 6 o'clock.
May 26. Grand Hotel. E. MEHESY JR.
SHORT ord«r cook for hotel restaurant In Ne-
vada: wages J35 per month *nd found to be-
gln with. Address box 4110. Call offlce.
FRANK C. RIVERS— Send address imme-
diately to box 3203. Call office: important
business requires your attention.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
ALL sizes men's shoes, isllghtly damaged, half
price, f.62 Mission *¦:.. bet. 1st and id »ts.
PARTIES wanting: clerical positions will do
well to call or address lOOEVj Market, rm. 4.
JEWELERS. 228 Bush street, third floor,
room 4.
McDOXALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25e
to 50c. EG2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED- 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army Ehoee, II up: eoling 30c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED- Two rood city salesmen. WHITE
6 EWIKO MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. US Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. EHEPARD A CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room >1S.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 2Sc night: reading-rooms; free
*bo> and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WA«:«INS.
40 HORFES for eale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, barnees. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth et. ; auction r ales every Wedneaday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1109
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules tor sale
this week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson,
Stanislaus County. Cal.
POR sale — t rood work horses. 2 strong- sand
wagons and harness: ppecial bargain account
of owner's death. Call at 20 Lafayette st.
GOOD business horse and new buggy for sale;
horse a cood traveler. Napa Soda Offlce, 147
New Montgomery st.
FOTt eale— Fine surrey, phaeton, upholstered
cart, harneps. road horse; all private; high
grade: modern style; nearly new; at sacri-
fice. Box 2225. Call offlce.
E. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
Sd aesricn June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. Sec.. 610 Golden Gate ave.
BAY hor*<\ 13:3, gentle and good driver; welgha
ov.-r 1100 lbs. Address 1715 Sacramento St.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard ft.
1 SECOND-HAND bar-bearing, axle business
l>uF*ry; cheap. 1370 Turk st.
ALL kinds of ramping- wag-ons, buggies, surreys
and carts. 1634 MisHion st.
FOR sale— Good delivery team; weigh 1150; 7
years old; price. S2C0. E38 17th St.. Oakland.
ALL, kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 rapes, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
EDDY. 1SI6. between Scott and Devisadero—
House of 8 rooms and bath: rent $30. Apply
to G. H. VMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery et.
WALLER. 1215— Fine eunny house. 9 rooms and
bath: with large grounds and barn; rent $50
per month. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A ENAP— Xew furniture for sale; only used 3
month* of (-room eunny cottage; fine loca-
tion: Baker St., near California: house, fur-
nished complete ready to step Into; low rent;
easy terms if desired. C. D. PARISH, 1039
Market st.
ARTISTICALLY furnished home; 7 rooms,
bath: excellent locality. Box 3S12. Call offlce.
FURNISHED house; B to 8 rooms, to suit party.
1448 Devisadero St., corner Geary.
Kt'RNIKHED house of 6 rooma. bath, piano;
rent low to rood tenant. 1111 Shotwell st.
LOST AMI POUND.
LOST— Carpet cover to milk wag-on; $1 reward.
£]< Treat ave., or oblige Dlyghdale Dairy
wagon. •
LOST— Yorkshire; female, Return tame to DR.
C. MASOEIiO. SU Howard at.; reward.
LOST— Brown and white s*tter and spaniel
dog; taar 420; suitable reward. 2222 Mission.
liOST— White bull terrier; license No. VA\ rs-
ward. 14 Eddy at.
LOST— Round bottom rowboat. fiat, night. May
It. Return to ESelvedere Doathouse, Tiburon.
L*J.ST— Dog collar, with license tag, on Bryant
bet. f»tb A Cth; liberal reward. 117 Morris avi.
LOST— A na*«-book with the Hlbernla Kuvlncn
and Loan Hoolety of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNA DOULKY, No. 2tt-K», The
finder wilt (ilrase return to bank.
LO8T— Corner of Van Neea ave. and Geary at.,
either In car i r on street, lady's brown pur**,
containing i:s sold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier, Call offlca, Claue
Kpreckela building;
Ver.t.1 -OH ffoM for manufacturing. O. Nolta,
if»tl»r. -u% O'KarrtTl, r»»t. I'owelj an<\ Mason.
MATJUMOMAL,
CiliN'J LEMliN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
aend 3 '»- (or IUt. MltH. UHliTZ. lot Bills at,
M VI'THr.lBhliSi AMI |!|'IIOI,ftTt$HV,
MA'JTHIifcMJS and |i|||rtws; teC P»uth i'WlM?
. r/itr i.i r<-i.'<i*i4-<1, Jtbih^r and haJr eleeneitj
UftfKR mum., t\*-»M Rteyentn at,
pn, *Rf M«IN I.AVjI.a
I* h'li».rf Ih1l*»' •|.«r|h||.|i< t
l^ft'TK.* Ib'JI^p' r\.»> lnll«l«,
f/<rf»i#i ffif it mn it 4
m* MaihM aU
/»w»va fitlti «t,
AW MltM »l, j^J mnkh
\Vi tiSva n'l limii'li iifllif-i,
ful ()>l* null
i'ui fhla «."».
fletnurnf.rr <ha fiiimfifr, |f?a M"'M,
llMfinnl.if Ihb nunit'M, 1W« Mafhat,
A*-lit"N"M\VNf;ii *|j«rla|l«l| tlio** mhn A*ii\t» to
ot.taiii mm.hu |i»..ii.|.iiri I lr«a( ladl** orilri
n-r Mc-ulator l.aa n» «<'iuai| all «>la««i>s ef f«.
ifial* «'niit|.lalfHs rallaved \>y iraaimant iv
in in <- all i.tlin»i Hit- em? » m\iurm tlml
i.Hi.c ti.f. iiiif..»iiifi«i*i (lit me»\ fiiiiiiiitiia
(«.».•« ara Ki.iHo.iinicii' r»li*v»d without balfij
in. -.Itirl In MIMI.I Will Alt llil»i Id" IM«*» <1lf =
fii un mi*-* iitwi.itj fnMfi'.'i" guar>
nuietA. Jill, O, W, (Vl)ftNNlcM^ WU Mafk»^
IIIN|ioni{tt»l"7if)m«nf«'«im>'iii| th* tutmi won.
.). <'.il. Un J If. »"i» ttint-illr* KVor kli'.wri flit
ifitla-rtilnit, (h|.»>««rrft, M*-uml*rlii. leypwffhoa.
l ¦¦ I.--H .ft. •' rnt\», PWitUlU. vypMUf fttid Mil
M...,t.u. .If ttiMict Mini frnmln m-«tml <.ikhii.i
tr^at tn\irnt\t i b* war own doetftfl i ttiofith* 1
*Mii.i"»«niry trpatfrn'fit, I4( »«¦«« atamp for
circular*. 11M Mafket at., H, J*., Cal.
A TltKATMlTNT thsl In guararitepd to rive Iff
r«nt,i Mii.r for nil female complaint*) tht
|fin«<»*l and moat »)b*llnati" ca»rs Immediately
rellevrd without pain I trav^lpra hH|i*dj nn
delay; r. .,ruli fr»«. MKK. I)H. KOHL, 11M
Markft, I.M. Maaon and Taylor, opp. Hale'*.
L-R. ANli MlTs. DAVIE8, «« Market, ladles'
specialist*: tt reara' firactlce; all caaea treated
fry our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patlenta treated can re-
turn fame dny; harmleo; consultation free.
DR. and MHH. GOODWIN. ,1035 Market, bet.
Cth tk 7th— Expert rpeclallstfc; well known and
reliable ;Z5 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
toglvelnrtant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fall*; the mort obstinate cases relieved
without pain; bent care; fe* low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, nig Market, nr. Mason.
MHK. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; 21 yrs.'
eucceesful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any aliment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, net Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, family specialist; no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero at., nr. Geary.
A WEEK'S newa for S cents— The, Weokly Call,
It pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPEJB— 16 TO 86 PER CENT.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— 16 TO 86 PER CENT.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— 16 TO 36 PER CENT.
MONTEZUMA COALr-SOOO ACRES.
MONTEZUMA COAL— 2000 ACRES.
MONTEZUMA COAL— 2000 ACRES.
MONTEZUMA COKE^-»0H PCT. CARBON.
MONTEZUMA COKE— 90V4 PCT. CARBON.
MONTEZUMA COKE— 90^4 PCT. CARBON.
in the organization and management of the
Montezuma Mining Company of Waahlng-
ton the directors are dominated by a single-
ness of purpose— to succeed— to make theirs
one of the big, strong, profit-sharing mining
concerns of thle country of tremendous pos-
sibilities. Thus far tMey have met with the
greatest measure of success possible in so
short a time. The subauing of a wilderness,
which is what the Montezuma has under-
taken, Is no mean task. The expenditure
of both time and money Is necssary. Of the
former, but a few months have been given
to the work, but with the kindly assistance
of Nature much has been accomplished; of
money, there has been sufficient for current
needs, thanks to the shareholders who in
the beginning took the . Company on faith,
but who arc rewarded in the possession of
stock at small cost
MORE MONEY NEEDED.
But more time and more money will be
needed to bring the copper mines to a self-
sustaining basis. The money is coming-in
constantly Increasing amount, and while the
monthly payroll grows larger, not a cent
is- being expended injudiciously. Every dollar
is applied under wise and efficient manage-
ment. The "Tacoma" tunnel has been driven
160 feet through the ore body, and work
will be hastened soon by the Introduction of
an air drill. The coal mines are being de-
veloped rapidly, forty men being engaged
therein, and the water wheel and sawmill
will have been Installed before our excursion
party of shareholders and others reach the
mines. Both coal and coke will be pro-
duced in considerable quantities during the
summer and fall.
NOT A RICH MAN'S MINE.
The title to the Montezuma le not vested
in a few wealthy men. It was the good
fortune of a small body of poor men to, get
together these properties; and having secured
them, they, In a quiet way, did enough de-
velopment work to prove their worth. This
being done, they were offered ample funds
for development— by capitalists who wanted
a controlling interest But the men who had
staked so much of their own resources on
"the Montezuma mines preferred to carry out
the original plan of making the Company
strictly . co-operative, and have rigidly ad-
hered to that Idea. Holders of the stock will
share and chare alike, and the smallest has
a voice in the management. Some of the
best mines in the world were so brought to
a self-sustaining basis, and are to-day pay-
ing handsome dividends to the fortunate
holders of the stock. But while the Monte-
zuma is not a "rich man's mine," it will
create rich men and give to others a com-
fortable income.
FAVORED BY FORTUNE.
If ever a mining company waa situated
favorably to keep operating expenses at the
lowest possible limit when the time comes
for production, that Is the Montezuma. It
will mine its own coal, make Its own coke,
and burn that coke in a smelter which it
and another company will build. Numerous
big veins of coal in the 2000 acres compris-
ing the lease make a coke 90.46 per cent
carbon, and a ready market awaits such
surplus as may be beyond the Company's
needs. This means no smelting charges, no
profit on coke, no profit on coal, but in-
stead the desirable commodities, coke and
blacksmlthing coal to sell.
SATISFIED INVESTORS.
A significant fact in connection with the
sale of Montezuma stock ia the complete eat-
lsfactlon It gives the people who buy It.
Of the hundreds of ¦mall holders, not one
is dissatisfied, but on the contrary, every
one is firm In the belief that his money is
well spent. The Montezuma Company offers
no "ret-rlch-qulck" Inducements to prospec-
tive shareholders; It stives every man *a
chance to buy to the extent of his ability or
desire in a legitimate, well-managed min-
ing company that has behind It some ex-
tremely rich properties, iillwit they are for
the greater part In the rough.
OPPOSED TO DEHT.
Wnllo the Montezuma Company must and
will have money to continue the development
of their properties, they would cease work
rather than Imrrow on a mortgage. "No
debts, no morlfc-agta," la an established prin-
ciple with the Company, Jietter a tempo-
rary Idle property than one plastered with
a mortgage. Hut work will go on, and mora
vigorously this summer than before. They
who read and study tha Montezuma pros-
pectus hav* full confidence In the Company,
and back ihat confidence with their money,
Their reward will surely coma,
vinnT jnviPBNDs kiiom coal anp
QQKVi,
U |a from tha products p( the coal mine*
that tha first dividend" will corn*, Th«
1'uniiniiy na* virtually promised to pay n»u
fifci (iivKieini flit* MMtunm; and thfa It nm
fcadiij. qq hv marketing a aingfe iniiii-i.m.i
it >-i,u\ vu>\ lie i.i-i,riolil« firodii'-f, imMu, Ttlfi
en4 nw« It nn easily rt^j fojiy men »r§
now at work on th^ piiH\ |p##es, driving tHB«
twin, fHiiilitir In m&tflilnery Mini preparing m
I'l.iM flumxH,
Tha profit on this **«#! *n<1 «•(¦» eonnot tve
t,ffc-1 (« rwHIflii* d«ve)offfn'*fit nn the cop*
i#r r»rr>i*rllM nor io ImlM * amwur, n»
Ilia fiiii..*in« ipw.IhUmii from tne »W|(«f in*
* "IteMi"**, Thst It I* fh# fliM nelly fit
till* ''MMi.nliy ti, rtlMlllrtim a« fllvfiiPHif* (A
MmMiuMh* «!l lift I'M.Hlc wiiNMl )if (lia
i'r,ni|.Hiii\ Wa hip *.|ij.«M.il td liiH ftfjllfly at
iplnvi-elliii-' «""li fhftlfhtf* ?vlllii.nl Dip ii,i\--
f. nt .if (Ii* etwkhttlner*, ImMryiiiM Ihat wJiat>
PVHP ItPtif-fits IJif-in (..mini in In Km lull i* Mb
tit III* «. < tiM||»»h»'i"
Tha «i > I Hill I'M'* Minion i.Mipl *'. In M.flin.
ii.,M.i«, and fliiiiiiii.Miii alritM )i« miiil (at «
tiinh^r firl«'*» t» Itrlnsf tli* vtitiyfV tnittm \u
Hie profit. tmylna; iioliil. V*M[t\& ih« |i«y«
I'iMii uf till! iUvMmhI, tha fhn h will \i* Aft*
v»n M only a few (ji>nt* »w\) inoiilh, hilt
with tha nVlaratlon uf k rtivldun! will l.»
ji|«.«d at Ita I ni« *mIii«,
a mini no nxnumioN,
|t«eln« In t< ll"Vlu«, Wa *ra nrK«nlr|itR an
airur^l'ili In tha mlnm to lmv« flan Ki«n»
n*.« lii a »-(•»• mi irnln nt nixi.-ciwM 1'ulN
man car* July A. Nome few «liiiiiilnilil«fi»
lmv» wiH'i'iy Hen* frum ''«iifuMii.i, Mini t»»
ttiiuMi ii»'lmhirit with what th«y »»*, Till*
h.iimIuh la planned iimi i he. inventor nmy
).¦ dBll*tlc<1 kimI Hm (MOlitl^Al cniivlii.'wl, TIib
low i.iuuiMiiii rate uf |40 ( lin'ltnllM« al^ci^r,
will nnilil" (ilim.pf any tme In mi, A free
muni'trlp H'lci will i.f «ti|.|.lieii with oa«h
|iurcha»K of t(M «h«ren i.f nittck tor cosh or
on ea»y liiitallmenlM, >«k for fi.Mrr,
MONTO/l'MA *"ACTr1 CONDBNBBD,
The r*ornpnny In free of debt, and will not
Incur ttnlfbtedneRM.
Ha atock la non^assesRable under the laws
Of WaphliiKt'in.
tta management rrpreaonts the highest bus-
Ineea character of the State.
Ths Comtiany owns and controls 24 copper
mlnrx, iinvinK permanent fissure velna. Ore
1< to M per Pent copper. .
Mines are worked through drainage tunnela,
3 thua dispensing with expenalve hoisting and
pumping machinery.
Timber, coal, water and lime In unlimited
quantities on the propertlea.
Orea are almple pyrltlc, easily smeltered
and concentrated.
The Company has 2000 acrea of coal lands,
on which 12 veins of coking and blacksmlth-
ing coal have been opened.
The Company will own its own smelter, In
which it will burs Its own coke.
The Montezuma proposition has Hood every
test. Further Investigation invited. >• .
PRICE OF THE STOCK.
Stock (par value H) for a short time, ,l2o
cash or 14c on Installments. Always advanc-
We welcome call era, to whom we will show
the ores, coal and coke. Ask for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO.. Financial. Agents, ; - .- ; .-
310 Bale Deposit building, ,
San Francisco, Cal. *THE SA_T FKA_^
30
X)AKIiAND, ADVERTISEMENTS^
'¦'- OAKLAND FURNISHED | HOUSES..
$60 — ELEGANT I furnished " home'" 9 rooms ; One
• grounds; -stable; near -train; Berkeley. '
v $35^-7-room cottage; fine location."- •
$S3— Elegant home; choice location; 12 rooms;
furnace ; finely furnished.- '
: $35 — 7-room modern flat, nicely furnished;
near town ; and local ; 3 months.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway,
The House Renters. Oakland.'
ROOMS FOB UOUSBKEEPINQ.
CALl^ORNlA7"l527^F1turnIshed housekeeping
'rooms; gas; running water. *
CEDAR ave.,- 24A, near Larkln, bet Post and
Geary — 8 sunny housekeeping rooms. fur-
nished; bath; running water. ". . ' '....- ,
CLEMENTINA, 328— Unfurnished housekeeping
-. rooms, • suitable for man and wife. ."
EIGHTH. 34B, .near Market— Nice sunny front
alcove room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; bath; private; family. '
ELLIS, 705— Newly furnished rooms; use of
piano and kitchen; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. 9th— Large sunny bay-win-
dow room; blue-flame stove;, $9; on* other,
$5 ; adults : quiet ' house.
FOURTH, 225— Nice furnished rooms for h'oust-
. keeping; also single rooms.
FULTON,* 308—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove, yard, bath and basement. - -
GEARY, 813%— 2 or 3 housekeeping: rooms;
¦ bath; gas range.: , - ¦ . . .<• ' ,
GLEN PARK ave., 23— 4 furnished connecting
rooms; housekeeping; bath; laundry ; yard.
GUERRERO, 382— $7; 3 furnished rooms for
: housekeeping; sink; water; no children. ; :
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed- house-
¦ keeping rooms for a couple; telephone. -. '
HAYES, 331— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping for man and wife; private family.
HOWARD, 1064%— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
' cheap; private. - ¦
HYDE, 408— Sunny back parlor and kitchen, $20;
- front basement suite. $15; also single.
JACKSON, 1518— Two sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; private; reasonable.
JONES, 303— Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms, -rent $35; also other beauti-
fully furnished rooms. .
LANGTON, 15, near Seventh and Howard— 3
neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping, $10.
LARKIN, 804—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
large sunny front and back rooms, $8 to $10.
LARKIN, 819%— Light housekeeping rooms; no
.sign; private; phone. • •
LARKIN, 100»— Two sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping;- also others.' . .
MCALLISTER, 538— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; every con-
venience. : A
NOE, 830, near Hill— 4 rooms and bath; ele-
gantly furnished for housekeeping/ ' .
OCTAVIA, 1316, near Geary— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; clean and sunny; no
' children. . . ' -- . -¦¦.-••
PIERCE, 47, below Haight— 2 or 3 sunny rooms;
gas stove; bath; phone; call mornings. :\
POLK, 1710—3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping^ ¦ ¦
SECOND, 623, in rear— 2 rooms complete for
housekeeping; bath. ,¦ t
SILVER,' 165. near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping, cheap. - *
SIXTH, 641— Sunny front and back "parlor, for
housekeeping; $10. . -
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
,. also housekeeping rooms. • * .
TWENTY-THIRD. 8726, near Dolores— 4 gunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 furnished rooms; house-
keeping;- near depot; gas; bath; sunny; gas
stove. • I ,. - ;
VAN NESS. 402— Entire upper floor; 3 rooms
and bath; sunny; .well furnished; gas range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. v.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vnt urn.
ROOMS TO LET. -
A-r-For rooms, apartments, " housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night' ¦
BURNETT. 1428 Market" (old No. 1364)— Fur-
' nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
i ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FELL. 112—2 pleasant connecting rooms, fur-
nlshed; private family.
GALT House, 1206 Market — Fur.' rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GEARY, 384—2 sunny 'front rooms; separate if
desired; suitable for 2 young men.
GEARY 1013 — Sunny furnished ~ room with use
of bath and telephone. ' . . •
GOLDEN GATE, 8&-Sunny front suite; sult-
able for offices or living rooms; also single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
. single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market—
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms - and
| suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electrio light and return call-
bell in every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates ,75o per day and .upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; ' single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, '959— Private family has -a sunny
room to rent to gentleman; $5 a month.
JESSIE, 501— Elegant and newly furnished suite
of rooms for housekeeping, $15; large front
room for office, $15 per month. . .
JONES, 1 115— Sunny front parlor, : $10. .
LEAVENWORTH, 1003— Partly and furnished
rooms In private family; ref s. exchanged.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely, fur-
, nlshed rooms $2 a week, up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055, above shoe store— Sunny double
and single rooms; month, week, day.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient-
METCALF place, 10, oft Geary st, near Ma-
son— Cheapftirnlshedrooms_^^_______v
METR!bPOL_ ( 6 Turk, , cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per, day. .
NINETEENTH,' 8334—3 connecting sunny fur-
nished rooms; downstairs; no children; $13.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator: el eo. lights; day, week. -mo.
O'FARRELL, 748— Nicely furnished rooms en
'suite- or single; gas; bath and phone; $5 to $15.
PINE, 808, , cor. Powell— Large, handsomely
furnished sunny front rooms, $8 up; private;
. running water. :
ROSEDALE Hous*, 819-821 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to- $4; open night
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 85c to $1 50; week." $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
: near. Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •-
SIXTH, 123H— Nicely furnished ' sunny rooms;
¦ gas ' and quiet - house. .-:-.-
STOCKTON, 41—2 large sunny suites , suitable
for offices; other rooms; transient ',
TAYLOR. 106— Light airy rooms, $5 per month;
ty.BOo a night up. • -, ¦¦ -
THE . Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine ¦ sunny
' rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.'
TURK. 268 (The Lake) — New house; newly fur-
nished ; ' board optional. -, Phone - South 422. -
VAN NESS ave., 1429, southwest corner Pine—
• ; Newly furnished front . bay-window rooms ;
also ¦. unfurnished parlor; gas,', bath, . running
'• water and phone.- . ¦¦••.,.. ¦-. ¦ .
WASHINGTON, . 1001, .. near Powell— 2 or S un-
". furnished , sunny, rooms; ¦ terms • reasonable;
gentlemen preferred.'* ' -1 '.'.'.' ' *•-¦'¦•
$1 WEEK, also . one $1 10— Large sunny furn.
;- rooms ;¦ closets; bath; -• private./. 834; Folsom.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at- Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-. subscriptions ¦ has been established at - 1096
Valencia st ¦' .' •-.-:. / .'
¦.. ; ',_ ; _. . . nooaij^WAyTED.^.-"' •--• ?•¦
WANTED— Single*; furnished room': in' private
- , family ;• between '<¦ Hyde and ? Polk, ¦> Ellis T and
'; Golden Gate ave.'. Box 3256,' Call office.'. ,
WANTED— Refined I educated ' young • gentleman
:. as . room mate, $3 60 or.: $i month • each. -; Call
Sunday morning or evening, 28 Eighth st .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.:
/ . ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. /-
/ • V» .- ' . ;¦." . ; -:.'¦) ¦¦-- , ¦ r y . ;
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.'
;_ $800— Lot 45x150, one block from Park st., with
6-room house ; . easy terms. " " •-¦¦¦
$1100— Lot 25x145; neat * cottage, 4 rooms - and
bath; nice garden; streetwork done; only
block from Park st. ; '•' ¦ '¦ ¦ -, •'¦¦;'
$1500— Lot S3:4xl25; 5 rooms and bath; on Cen-
' ' ; C: tral * ave. ; must be sold :.on; \ account of
¦'•*¦• departure., • ¦ • • :
S1900— Lot 30x150; up-to-date cottage of; 5 rooms
and bath;. $250 cash," -balance $20 per
month. ' ' •' ..";¦'.
$3000— Lot 40x150; near : Morton-st. station; ele-
: gant new 7-room cottage ; $500 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month. * . : -:
$3500— Lot 40x150; Morton-st. , station; 8 rooms
and/ bath; 1%-story house; bastment all
finished; $500 cash and $25 per .month. ,>'
$4000— Lot 40x150;: Morton St., near station and
school; elegant 2-story house of: 8" rooms
and bath; billiard room, etc.;, new and
• up to date; -$750 cash, balance less than
* rent; great snap.
Choice . lots cheap for cash. Houses built to
order on easy terms. Houses to let in all parts
of Alameda. . H. P. MOREAL & CO., , -
• ¦ 1422 Park St., ,
. . Alameda,- Cal.
»" ' ¦ H__ •-/ - ¦ - "
REAL ESTATE, REAL ESTATE. .
< Great Bargains at Auction Prices, ft
Taken under foreclosure. Call In and get a list
A SAVING OF 23 PER CENT GUARANTEED.
Look over the following: ¦
$1000— A fine 4-room cottage; good lot; snap.
$1500— A fine 5-room 2-story house; large lot.
$2000— New modern 5-room house; best part of
Alameda; easy terms. <. ...--' -.
$2500— A" nice 6-room story and a half cottage;
large lot; a bargain. ¦ ,¦ ¦ ¦
$3250— A lovely 7-room house In the choicest
neighborhood -in Alameda; nice lawn, garden
and flowers; near Morton-st station; a great
bargain. . ¦ . . - -,- . -• ¦ .- ¦- .
$3600 — A new. modern room house; all latest
improvements; near trains and schools; large
lot; a great bargain.
. • To those desirous of securing a home In Ala-
meda we offer exceptional bargains. >-S.
All the' above can be bought on easy terms.
Houses built,-- rented and exchanged.
• ALAMBDA LAND COMPANY,? . ,
1500 Park st, Alameda, and '
/ ¦ ¦ Fruitvale ave., Frultvale.
• Office open Sundays and Evenings. ¦ . .
BARGAINS for Investors.
< Bargains for homeseekers. '
. Homes built on terms to -suit
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
f rom~ station. . •
Apply to G. R. DENKE, West Alameda
Real EstaU Office, Webster st and Cen-
tral av«. . ¦
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, 2326 Santa Clara
ave. , near Park st. „„
I BARGAINS ! BARGAINS'. BARGAINS !
This week we will begin to sell some of the
cheapest propositions ever offered in Alameaa
property. Call and see us for further particu-
fars. - HAMMOND & HAMMOND, i
NEW modern cottage, 5 rooms, 50 foot lot;-
Weber st ; $400 cash, $25 per month. -J. H.
YOUNG. . builder. 1243 Park st. -
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN furnished house ; 8 rooms ; grounds ;
good location; lease bIx months or longer;
rent $50. R. C. W v 2063 Alameda ave., Ala-
meda. ¦ - ' .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
$15 PER MONTH— TOTAL ONLY $1000.
- Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to
'- San Pablo ave. ; walking distance of down-
town; street and walks complete; snap for
a home or Investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— A MODERN Eastlake cottage; pretty
¦home within a few blocks of the Central
Bank and only a block from Broadway; cost
¦ $3500; price $2500 for a quick sale; bank mort-
gage $1650 can remain.
. , . GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— A 2-STORY Eastlake house of 8 rooms
¦ and bath; lot 30x100; runny side; -near in;
walking distance of City Hall;. price reduced
for quick sale. ¦ " " ' *' .*,-•.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008: Broadway, 'Oakland.
$25 PER MONTH. . -
7-room cottage right on Grove st : high base-
ment; all newly painted and in - first-class
condition: . lot 30 feet front. -.; ,: .- ¦
GEO. W.. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
$3500— IN EAST OAKLAND. -
- A -bank sale; chance .to get a bargain;- ele-
gant Eastlake 7-room cottage with: all mod-
ern improvements and extra well built; lot
60x150; nice garden, stone walks, etc.; sunny
all day; choice location;. handy to school and
! churches. - - ., •
- GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., ,
'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ; - -. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000— FINE established grocery corner; store
and 6 rooms; nearly new; street complete;
best location In Oakland; sacrificed on ac-
count of ill-health of owner; part cash.
-GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 1008 Broadway,. Oakland.
$1000— IN EAST OAKLAND.
6-roomed cottage; sunny side; handy to
Brooklyn station; street -work all done. -
• » GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY. \ . . .."• -,
$1500 and $2000; two cozy cottages, 4 and 5
rooms, double frontage; owner going away.
¦ - GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., t
' 1008 Broadway,: Oakland.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE " COMPANY,
- .460-462 Eighth Street. ' -\ .
$15,000 — Lakeside district; bargain; . modern-
12 rooms; lot '100x150; quick offer considered.
$5250— Rents $52 month; new modern flats; 7
rooms each; mortgaged; builder needs money;
bargain.,
$12,600— Elegant suburban 'home; 6 acres; su-
perb location between Oakland and Berkeley;
-cost $25,000.
$6000— Cost $8500; 4 blocks Broadway business
. property: two 8-room houses; -rents $42
; month; bargain. .
$2850— Snap: fine -6-room cottage; Eighth St.;
Adeline, station; 50 feet sunny lotV '
$2750— New colonial copy 7-room house; Oak-
land Heights; nicely situated; offer wanted.
$2800— Offer wanted: near Telegraph av».; two-"
story bay- window house; 7. rooms; ¦ bath;
brick foundation; In fine order; fine barn;
Improvements Insured for $2500; lot 60x100;
flat mortgage $1500; owner must have money
1 at once; . ofter i wanted over mortgage.'
$1600— Snap; Clinton" station: ' modern 5-room
cottage; . first-class order; big -snap.
$5*50— Cost $8500; elegant, jnodera. centrally
located 9-room residence; 60 foot lot. ,
: .' See or wrlta-.us for Information. ¦
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE ' COMPANY,
' 480-4- Eighth Street
/ ¦ . .< .¦ ¦ • ,
s . ¦ Oakland.
$160 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage of 8 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, i all fenced; a fine
"home for a small family or; bachelor, where
': peace - and quiet reign; near a fine school.
• electric cars, church and townhall; 100 fam-
ilies located within 3 years; soil, : climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all $425, to make speedy eale; see this
at once. Call or send for circular. 45o Sev-
enth St., opposite Broadway station/, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.:
FINE home at a -bargain— On acount of the
owner ' leaving for* the East June V we; are.
B ordered to sell a fine 2-story house of 9 rooms,
with large lot ; heater In the house ; : only 1
. block from Market and Fourteenth sts. ; for
$4250; thta * place has been held at i $6000; if
' you • want -.a good- home ¦ see . this; easy
terms can be arranged. JAS. S. NAISMITH, ,
: 452.Nlnthgt . ¦' . * " - , .
60x125— ONLY $1450, with first-class cottage of
6 rooms, bathroom, pantry. Patent toilet, eta ;
sunny side of street; only short distance from
. San Pablo sve. and Thirtieth st ; 2-story,
.. stable on the lot; terms to suit JAS. ¦ S.
NAISMITH. 452 Ninth at .' •";.- . ¦;
5-ROOM cottage,- 8-room cabin, large lot: near
school: well, 1 trees, flowers; $850." 640 45th st,
¦'bet Grove and '¦¦ San ? Pablo cars. : _ ' - ;
.- OAKLAND HOtSES TO LET.
$10—10 ROOMS;- bathr good /condition; fine
neighborhood; suitable 2 families. ¦
. $10— 4-room flat ;: near local. . .
$25— New. upper flat, 7 rooms.
• $16— 7. rooms; newly papered; gas; bath; sun-
nyjears pass the . door. .'¦•'-:¦. r-'V. V
$16— 7-room cottage; bath; stable. -
* $15-^-Flat' 4 rooms; bath ;r in .town. '*-..•
$15— 6-room -cottage: stable.
' GEO.' W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,-^ .
¦ ¦ The - House l Renters. .; V *-¦¦ Oakland.
OAKLAND; "^^^IP^jJ^j^l^^^:
AN , Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tlM
furniture dealer.' 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR ; SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
VALLEJO-ST. LOT. •
On north side of Vallejo, between Scott and
Devisadero: size 34:4x137:6; elegant marine
view; price only $C500.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME. •
. Sunny house on N.W. corner; 9 rooms and
bath; sun In every room; finished basement;
price $7oi0.
- RENTS $66. PRICE $6000. ¦
House and Mats on Valiejo St.. in_good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.; always rented;
large lot, 43:3x137:6; on north side of street
. Fine large residence of 14 rooms on Buchanan
St.; in splendid location; very sunny lot; price
$15,000.
FOLSOM-ST PROPERTY.
60-ft frontage, on the north side of Folsom
st, between Seventh and Eighth; old improve-
ments bringing in a nominal rent; owner anx-
ious to eell; offer wanted; will put in as «>art
pay for good income property.
INCOME PROPERTY. • ¦
Downtown flats, bringing in rents of $2130
yearly; price only $19,000; a safe, good buy.
CAPP STREET.
8-room cottage on Cai>j> St., near Eighteenth;
30-ft. lot; price $4000.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME:
On Sacramento St., near Webster: key lot,
7 rooms and bath;, price $4600; a quick sale
desired. \ -
IN THE MISSION. » • \
2 flats of 6 rooms each on Twenty-first st. ;
lot 25x137:8; rents $27; price $3250.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot, commanding marine, view;
on Pacific ave.; near fine residences; ' price
$12,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
Shipley St., near Eighth; 4 ilats; rent 540;
owner anxious to sell;. price ;«CCO.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
Twenty-seventh st.. ucar Sanchez; S rooms
and basement; large lot; price only $1200.
GOUGH-ST. RESIDENCE.
Fine large residence on Gough st; 14 rooms,
large lot 67:6x137:6; a fine home; price $1S,000.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS!
All Over Town.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st .
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO., -
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills bldg.
$3100— Pays over 16 per cent net; rents $480
per annum; substantial 3-story and 2-
story in flats and lot; near Fourth and
Bryant sts.
$7125— Choice corner- lot; Presidio Heights;
47:6_09:2>4.
$10,000— Pays fully 9 per cent net; 6 substantial
bay- window flats; brick foundation,
etc.; 39:6x97:6; on a main street; inside
of Taylor st.
$10,000 — Unsurpassed marine view corner; Pre-
sidio Heights; lot 50x116:2; commands
views that cannot be cut off.
$10,000— Must be sold; Eastern heirs will refuse
no reasonable offer; Howard-st busl-
• ness property; substantial 3-story build-
ing; store and lodging-house.
$12,500— A fine Western Addition investment;
rents $1224 per annum; offer wanted; 2
houses and 2 flats; bay windows, brick
foundation, etc.; very sunny; 55x137:6.
$14,000^ — Mansion with" marine view; elegant
mansion, 7 " bedrooms, dining-room,
kitchen, salon parlors, servant's room,
store rooms, butler's pantry, laundry,
etc; 37:6x137:6; Pacific Heights.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN/A CO.,
v*' Room- 2, 7th floor. Mills bldg.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$15,000— Octavla st, near California: handsome
residence, 11 rooms; billiard-room and large
basement; large lot; sunny all day; sold to
close estate.
$6500 Investment— CFarrell, near Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; see us about this.
$2700— Investment- Zoe St., near Third and
Bryant; rents $360 per 'annum; just put in
good order.
$2500— Cottage, 8 rooms; Tennessee Bt., near.
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20; a bar-
gain; Risdon Works will soon have 2000 more
men employed near by...
$3000 — Lot on south side Chestnut st., west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery Bt'
6-ROOM houses for sale on easy terms on
Elizabeth, near Douglas. J. ANDERSON,
builder.'
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
SELECTED redwood and tan oak timber lands
in lots to suit; 160 to 5000 acres at from $5
to $7 per acre. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
S07 California st. . ¦
$3 50 AN acre — Grand stock ranch 3500 acres;
on line new railroad; near Willlts; good house
and barn; about 100 acree for grain; part
bottom land; 500 acres In valuable timber;
ranch will keep 2000 sheep or 250 cattle, be-
> sides hogs, etc. ; easy terms ; to - close an
estate. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507
California St.
$2800— STOCK ranch 700 acres; 10 miles from
Ukiah; house, barn and orchard; 60 acres in
cultivation; plenty of wood and water; in-
cludes 60 hogs, 12 cattle, 2 houses, wagon
and implements; rare bargain. ROTHERMEL
& MERRBLL, 607 California st.
$2506— FRUIT and poultry farm 20 acree; 1 mile
from Healdsburg, with house and barn; 12
acres orchard and vineyard; Includes horse,
wagon, cow and poultry and all implements.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507 California.
$1800— A BARGAIN; 160-acre ranch in Chiles
Valley. Napa County, with house and barn;
20 acres in vineyard; 30 acres for cultivation,
balance pasture and timber. ROTHERMEL
6 MERRELL, 507 California Bt.
$2000-320 ACRES in the hills 6 miles west of
Ukiah. with house, barn and orchard; 30
acres in cultivation, balance pasture and tim-
ber land; good place for poultry, hogs and
fruit ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507 Cali-
fornia Bt.
$650 — FINE redwood, 150 acres, on Big River,
also 640 acres at $6; good investment ROTH-
ERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California St.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Special' bargain — 160 acres near Yuba City,
Butter Co.. short ..distance from Marysvllle; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced: this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings; well fenced; short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
sold in whole or in part to. suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
- The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and If contemplating purchasers
will call or write, for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
A SPECIAL Country Real Estate Department
Alameda County, near Hay wards Depot.
$16,500— Formerly $25,000; 31 acres fine fruit
ranch; city style residence; big bargain.
Contra Costa County. .
$8500— Bargain; near Oakland; fine ranch; 185
acres; cost $14,000; well improved; oil Indica-
tions; proposed railroad will double value.
Contra Costa, Near Martinez.
$5500— Cost $11,000; offer wanted; 23 acres; the
best bargain in ranch around San Francisco..
$12 per acre — 700 acres. Lake County; all fine
grain land; splendid improvements; owner leav-
ing State; must sell. .
$16 per acre— 380 acres near Napa City; finely
Improved fruit land; genuine snap.
8 acres, adjoining Oakland; well Improved;
suburban Income . ranch ; cost $10,000; offered
for quick sale for $5500; small payment down.
We handle nothing in ranches but bargains;
first-class exchanges effected. Write us.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st, Oakland.
THE ME-ZES TRACT -AT BE_MONT. "
. Containing over 600 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots covered with oaks and other trees and
commanding grand view; within 1 hour of the
city; in subdivisions; price only $75 per acre
and up. -
For further particulars address -
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
FINE farm of 620 acres, near Marysvllle; 480
acres wheat 15 acres garden, berries, fruits;
balance summer fallowed.
A water right to 2000 Inches of water goes
with the place. The ditch will cover several
thousand acres. The water right alone worth
the price asked for the place. This must be
sold to close up an estate; price $25 an acre.
Address box -476. Marysvllle.
$1625 CASH— 5 acres. Santa Clara Valley, in
prunes, peaches and apricots, 5 years old;
crop on tress; well, two-roomed house, stable,
chicken houses, horse, - wagon and harness,
7 dozen laying hens (Minorca), farm tools
and furniture: near school," station and post-
office. Box 3207. Call office.
67 ACRES near Alma; house of 16 rooms; large
. barn; plenty water; 15 acres In orchard, some
» full bearing; $4000; terms to -*uit ' .
37% acres In 6-year-old orchard; $110 per
acre;i50 acres at $47 50 per acre. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market st, San Francisco.
20 ACRES; well Improve*; orchard; house;
barn; cow;' horse; chickens: wagon; tools; in-
cubator; big crop hay, fruit and nuts; $1400.
HALL, 635 B— ter st. - - . -.
RANCHES — Fruit ' ranches, dairy -. ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for. sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 • Market.
MARION v GRIFFIN. Real Estate > Agent, 719
Market St., 'by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
$325 PER ACRE; full bearing orchard: im-
provements; in Santa Clara County; annual
returns $100 per acre. Box 463, San Jose.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list, C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Ukiah, Cal.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE, j
$3000-rRanch, 200 . acres, ' on . main road in . the
redwoods,' west of. Ukiah; house, barn and
orchard; 30 acres in cultivation; part bottom
loam, rest In redwood and oak timber; good
location for resort; hunting and fishing; will
sell cheap or exchange on city . or Berkeley
property. Address R,, box 114, Call of floe.
_ ROOMS . AJrp : BOAB.P. , ,
AN exoeptlonal tabls; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL FRANKLIN. 1904 Market /t— Rooms
and board per couple $60 per month and $30
for young men. : ¦ ..¦¦-¦-- -
LARGE sunny front room: hot and coid water;
use parlor and piano and phone; excellent
board. 850 Van Ness ave.-
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
ruUes or single rooms; private baths; excel-
•" lent table and service. '¦ ¦ - . . ' '
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia st. Mission
warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: car* pass the door. •
A FAMILY hotel. Wilmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tonrtsts.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 : tarket— Suite*. » or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
PINE, 1006 (The Victor)— New management :
thoroughly renov.; gunny suites, with board.
THE GAGE. 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional: references^
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-The Weekly Call.
1» pages. In wrapper, for mulling. *1 Per year.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED..
YOUNG married couple~desires board in refined
private family. Box C20. Call office.
BY young man in private family: German pre-
f erred; central location. Box 4174. Call office.
SAX BAFAEL ROOMS TO LET.
FOURTH. 4, San Rafael— 8 or 3 furnished sun-
ny rooms; housekeeping: bath. Mr» Thacher.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
LATEST Improved sewing machines, made by
union men. at your own price: all kinds re-
paired, rented: old traded in at 2216 Mission;
phone Capp 1952r\
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay: all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint IS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged. r«-
paired; open even.; phone Blade 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
_ . . . . .,._ _, , i, . . -,_,
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts.1 Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; teL S580.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint-
done. 319 Third st, Hartman Paint Co.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
of flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st ;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany,' 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel.: Mint 1321. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
____________ __
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June 8, 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1901. and ending December 3L 1901.
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
' notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves- the right to reject any or all
-bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
Of Directors of tha Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room- 13, 320 Sansome sit., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLB, Secretary.
, MABBIAGE _IC_NiB_S.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: - - ,
John-P. Walters. 33. 20T Jones street and
Marea E. | Joost, 23. Falcon and Moss avenues.
John B. Gerino. 43. 712 Vallejo street, and
Ida Fabbris, 19. 1122 Turk street.
Albert Engrlish, 20, 214 Fourteenth street,
and Bertha Rock, 21, 214 Fourteenth street
August Julllch. 29, 328 Tehama street and
Ruby Christman. 20. 1821 Ellis street.
Domenlco - Battistesa. 23. 510% Broadway,
and i Rosle .Delmonte. 20, 436 Broadway,
i Giovanni Casella, 24, Sutter Creek, and Anna
Raggio.^20, 436 Broadway. -
John T. Carren, 23. 1307 Vermont' Btreet and
Lily Melnberger. 22. 3159 Twenty-fourth street.
Carl- T. Hayes, 24. Powell and Francisco
streets, and Jessie B. McDonald, 19, 57 Che-
nery street. .
1 A. William Schroder. 24, 538 Gough street
' and Frances L. Durrenberger, 25, 800 McAllis-
¦ter street. r ¦ "
BIRTHS— MAMttA6Eg—0_m
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
small will not be Inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of the . publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BURKE— In this city, May 22, 1901. to the wife
of William -H. Burke, a daughter.
COLES— In" Oakland. May 14, 1901, to the wife
of F. A. Coles,' a son.
DAHL— In this city. May 17. 1901, to the wife
of H. Dahl Jr., a daughter.
EHRER— In this city. ~ May 21. 1901, to the
¦wife of Charles C. Ehrer. a son.
FEDERSPIEL— In this city. May «. 1901, to
the wife of Sophus Federspiel, a daughter.
GOODBAN— In ¦ Fruitvale, Alameda County.
Cal., May 17, 1901, to the wife of Arthur E.
Goodban. a son. - .' ¦;¦,.'•¦'
HAYES— In this city. May 18. 1901, to the wife
' of George F. Hayes, a son. . •
HEILMANN— In this city. May 18, 1901, to the
wife of John E. Heilmann. , a daughter.
HEGERHORST— In this city. May 23, 190L to
, the wife of John A. Hegerhorst, a son.
McCALL— In this city. 1 May 21, 1901. to the wife
of George A. McCall, - a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. May 15. 1901, to th«
wife of J. Miller, a daughter.
TREANOR— In this city. May IS, 1801, to the
wife of G. L. Treanor, a daughter. ,
VAN DER WIELEN— In this city. May 18.
1901/ to the wife of George • H. , Van der Wle-
len, a son. . . ,-
WECKBRLE—In this city. May 20, 1901, to the
- wife of Charles J. Weckerle. a son.
WULZEN— In thi» city. • May S4. 1901. to ' th«
wife of Dietrich H. Wnlzen- Jr., a daughter.
~MAE_i_a~ "
AI_BN— —ESTER— In this city. May 23. 1901.
by. Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the Peace
David Castleman Alken of Plttsburg Pa.
and Effle S. Hester of San Francisco. '
PEDLAR-^JORGENSEN— In this city. Mav 22
1&01. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Chester
Clifford Pedlar and Margie Jorgensen.
STANDLEY— DE GUERRE— In this city bv
the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. Henry C Stand-
ley and Laura de- Guerre.
STIEBER-NICHITSCH— In this city Mav 19
1901, by the Rev." Paul Branke. Henry Stieber
and Sophie Nlchltsch. » nenry Btieber
-"ED-
. Aspln. Scelina Holden. John M.
Barlow, Susan B. Kelly, William D "
Baxter, Hall W. . . Ull, aZ c " v r
'Brockhurst, Martha Mini^an, James
* £ arr '. Ow %^ J> — . ' Mueller. , Rudolph
Clauslus. Clarence W. Mullen, Claudia A.
Cunningham.* John \ O'Brien, : Clara _T
Davis. Andrew J. CKeefe. Magsie
Dean, Peter Philip*. Margaret
Driscoll. Ellen -- Porter/. JennlelL .¦
Edgar. George _ r Q ulrkt Patrick F. '
i3 Wa 2j"' SZ*** *** Ran'ett. Elizabeth W
Edwards. Thomas Rlchter. . Penelope V.
Ernest Nellie, Schmidt. Albert • -
'Fortro. Joseph L ¦ ; v . Schuld. John- • \
Gallagher, Henry 8covern. . Mary B.
. -' grove. Frank- Smith. James R.
Harder*. Edward S. Van Pelt. Georgle H.
Harrington,' Nellie A. Young. Thomas J.' <
Hawes. Elizabeth Watson. James
ASPIN-In this city. May 25. 1901.* Scelina. be-
loved child of , James : and Scelina Asoin. a
¦ native ¦ of San Francisco, ¦ aged 1 year - 5
months and. 12 days. i - .
BARLOW— In Elmhurst Cal., May 24. 190L
Susan Beach Barlow, beloved mother of Mrs.
Susan B. Howes and Loretta U. Barlow,
aged 87 years 11 months and 21 days. \-
, E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited ' to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at * the
funeral parlors of Bessie J. Wood & Co., 1128
Twenty-third : avenue, . East ¦ Oakland.
BAXTER— In San • Rafael, Cal., : May 25. 1901.
Hall William, beloved husband of Anna Ger-
trude Baxter, and ¦ father of Arthur and
Hiram Baxter, and brother of Mrs. . A. E.
,* Fox - and E. * H. Baxter, a native of New
York, aged 51 years. - (Oakland papers please
i CTNotic* of. tjineral hereafter. .,
' SAUSALITO REAL-. ESTATE. >;
A LARGE ; residence, > surrounded : by -beautiful
grounds on- a large '- lot, -'' fronting on,; two
streets, commands a .fine -view of the", bay
and San Francisco, situated on "the hill" in
/ the choicest part • of Sausalito, for sale.
McAFEE BROTHERS. IPS Montgomery St.
FOR sale or for rent— $38r>0; Just. completed; -8-
room residence' in the choicest part for view
and sunshine; every convenience: -.- strictly
modern and built by day work; $400 cash. $30
the first month; payments • increasing each
month if. desired; lot 66x120 feet. DR. CRUMP-
TON,, Sausalito. or ALBERT WILFORD, 3003
* Jackson st;, S.F., from 12 to 5.r '¦-,.¦' -¦-,
ROSS VALJLE Y : REAL 'ESTATE. J.
ROSS Valley, home,"' 7tt acres; bearing orchard;
modern house, 10 rooms; 5 minutes' walk from
Ross station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD,
San ' Anselmo. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-•-'' • .. ¦ '*
BER KELE Y : A I)V ERTISEMRNTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. :
$23O0f — 8-room . house with all. modern ,\m-
provements; lot 73x120; must sell . orT account
of departure. W. C. MORAN & CO. " •
$S0O— $100 cash, balance, $12 per month, 6 rooms,
good well and pump; lot 40x136. W. C. MO-
KAN & CO. ¦
$150 TO $350— Acre lots; finest soil in the State.
W. C. ' MORAN & CO.
$300— Wheeler. tract lots; finest view in Berk-
eley. ' Call or. send for maps. ''.W. C. MO-,
RAN & CO. . -:¦-¦.¦...'¦¦¦
$2000 — New 6-room cottage, 1 block 'to station
and electric cars; fine mantels, • tinted walls,
fine gas fixtures, stationary tubs, light base-
ment, . tiled sink, porcelain bath; water and
sewer all connected; and ready to move into;
$100 down, ' balance $20 per month; place will
rent for $22 50 per month. W. C. MORAN &
v CO., Lorin Station, and Schmidt Block,
\ Berkeley. ' . . '
ALMOST new 6-room 2-story house; hall; 'bath;
pantry; high basement; nice mantel; electrio
fixtures; street work all done; right at, sta-
tion and electric cars; price $1600; $100 cash,
balance like rent J. R. PERKINS, Lorin
Station. Berkeley. - ' ¦ ~»
FINE large 4-roomed bay-window cottage; hall;
bath; large pantry; high basement; sunny
side of street; fine well of water; tank and
windmill; lot 60x100;. chicken-house and yard;
2 blocks to station; price $1600; terms to suit
J. R. PERKINS, Lorin Station. Berkeley.
NEW 7-room 2-Btory Colonial house: lot 40x135;
barn; electric and gas fixtures; 2 blooks to
station, 1 block to electric cars; price $1900;
$100 cash balance $20 monthly. ' ¦ - "- ¦
J. R. PERKINS (formerly Oellerich •&
Perkins). Lorin Station. Berkeley. - -
87000— INCOME property, near university; large
modern house 20 rooms; lot 50x130; rents $700
per, annum. KOTHEBMEL & MERRELL,
607 California St. - ¦• - • -
$2800— NEW 2-story 7 ; rooms . and bath, near
Ashby station; corner; lot BOxlOO. j
$5000— Handsome 7-room house; all late im-
provements; in fine neighborhood, near uni-,
versity; Includes elegant furniture. ROTH-
, ERMEL & MERRELL, 507 California Bt
$1600— COTTAGE 5 rooms, 4 lots, near San
Pablo N ave. ; easy terms.
$1200— Nearly new cottage 5 rooms and bath
and stable; lot 50x100; near Lorin station;
price of mortgage; only $100 or $200 down,
rest monthly. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
607 California rt. ..•'¦... * . . ¦:.'¦¦
$900 — FINE corner; Telegraph . ave. ; 46x136.
ROTHERME X. & MERRELL. 507 California.
homes in Berkeley!
11,100— House; lot 60x120.' • .
$1,550— 6-room house.
$1,750 — 6-room house.
$2,000 — 6-room house.
$3,260— 6-room' house.
$4, oi)O— 8-room house.
$5,000— 9-room house.
. $5,500 — 9-room house. , '
' $6,500 — 11-room house.
$8,000 — 14-room ¦ house. ' . • ¦'
$12,000— Store building.
Lots for sale and houses for rent.
Will build you a house and furnish the plans
and specifications free. . ,
- Call and see us.
¦ SATOFF & WILKINS, -
2121 Center st,
Berkeley, Cal. .
DO YOU WANT TO BE BEHIND THE TIMES*?
If not take a look to-day at those houses on
Prince Bt., Lprin; 2-story house of 9 rooms and
only $3300; corner lot; street work all done.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and only $2750;
guaranteed to be as well built as any house
erected and equipped with electric lights, gas.
Combination fixtures. . ; - .
Window shades. ' .
Cement sidewalks and the ability to cook
your potatoes with" the aid of the sun's rays;
each house has a . .
SUNSHINE WATER . HEATER.
Mind you, living in one of these houses you
need never be without hot water, night or day;
take a look at them and when ready to talk
business call upon "** '•-¦'.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining- P. O. Berkeley.
NO. 108, $3500— 9-room house on Bancroft way;
cheap. - ¦ ' < ¦< '¦'. ¦• ¦¦" .
No. 168, $4750— 14-room house; good well,
windmill and tank; half block from U. C.
grounds; this is decidedly a bargain. .
No. 178, $4000— House on Channing way, east
of Telerraph ave. ,- - ¦
No. 143, $S00O— 18-room newly furnished house,
one block from U. C. grounds; cheap.
r No. 146, $1500 — 5-room cottage; large lot
Apply to S. S. QUACKENBUSH, Real Bs-
tate and Insurance. ¦ •'.
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley. Cal.
DO you want a nice new home for small cash
payment and easy monthly payments? Ex-
amine these:
$1300 — 10x100; 5 rooms and bath; $100 cash;
a very special bargain.
$1600— 40x130; 6 rooms, and bath.
$1800—37:6x100; 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ "¦ - - • ' ' *
$2300—40x135; 2-story; 7 rooms and bath, with
barn. ¦ — r .
. $2750—40x120; 2-story; strictly up to date; «
large- rooms, bath, etc. ' .
These are worth your inspection; easy terms
can be arranged.' H. D. IRWIN, I
Lorin Station.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ' ¦ -•¦ • -'
$S50— Pretty cottage, 4 rooms. ,-
$1100— 5-rcom cottage; good condition. ,- -*
$1500— 6-room cottage; near cars.
$2000— 7-room house; rents good. . .
$2800— 5-room modern home; fine view.'
$3250— Up-to-date home; near U. C. ' ¦ . i
$3750 — Just completed; 7 rooms, etc • .-.
$4000— Comfortable home near U. C. -' \ . •
$4500— 9-room modern home.
$5000— 8-room modern home in Scenic Park.
}5B00—7-room modern . home; up to date.
$6500— See this place and you will. buy It.
?<ww— *- ma _ & M ORTIMBR.
% - Berkeley. Station. ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent. to any address in the
United States or Canada > one year for $V
postage pand. _'_ ¦__.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station/ Cat.
$225— Choice building lots 100x100; . must . be
eold; cost over $400.
$350— Lots 60x200; fronting on two streets; fine
location for a home. '
For sale at a great bargain— 2% acres of rioh,
soil; modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, hall,
basement, etc.; large stable; chicken-houses;
fine artesian well: windmill and tank; -choice
fruit trees; price $2500; located near Mills col-
lege: terms to suit : ' < • ' ¦'
$2200— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms;
7- foot basement; good brick foundation; bath;
closets; lovely pantry; choice -fruit trees;; lot!
100x372; fine location; fronting, on main county
road. . ¦ ' • . . -
$1600— Chicken -ranch of 1 acre; cottasra of 8
large rooms and basement; stable,- chicken-
houses; large brooder-house;.' choice fruit trees
in bearing;- fine location; Just the place for
raising chickens. ¦ . ' S -* . • '' - ¦¦
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath :
high basement:. lot 85x115; fruit trees ;, located
in the best part of Frultvale, only half a block
from Frultvale ave. ; easy . terms If desired. / .
$1150 — Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn; chicken-house; lot 50x116; .1' block
from electric cars: easy terms.-
For particulars apply to H. A. : PLEITNER,
Frultvale Station, Cal. ; . •
MUST be sold; -a bargain— $1900; 6-room. cot-
tage; all' modern -improvements: bathroom;
floored basement ; barn ; one • block from,
Frultvale station and Oakland electric cars;
cash required $600;. balance mortgage, run-
ning 3 years at 8 per cent; no agents. Ap-
ply B. L. B., box 123, Frultvale. Cal. ¦; '.- .*
CHEAP — Modern B-room . cottage; - large lot;
connected with newer; east front; near eta-
tlon and school; $20 month; Interest 7 per cent.
P. H. BLAKE. E. 14th st. Fruitvafo , P. O.
ijl^L^VALjLEV^^ _
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as ' ¦"
The Wormonth : Tract ¦ ¦
Now to Be Called . "
"....;•• Sunnyslde ¦ Tract; .- - ¦ '
.This beautiful tract, consisting of. over 40
acres, is now being subdivided Into 'lots and
will b« Immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets will be graded. . macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust . Company of •'¦ San Francisco . will
issue an Insurance policy ¦ for every lot sold
guaranteeing title.. » ;¦' ¦ ¦ -. t *
- , McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco." '¦-.
IN Mill Valley— A nice some for sale, cheap, on
~ account of departure. 526 Turk st, S.:F. ri / .
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARG AINS IN TYPEWRltTEKS— We
¦: sell better machines for less money than any
' .house In the city; rentals, • $3. .The. Typewriter
* Exchange, 631 California; telephone Main 26«.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAL-.
-ASTON. BLDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
BBB THIS TO-DAY— ELEGANT CORNER
FLATS AT A SARIFICE— Onlv ¦ $\500 cash
needed. This is the cheapest property offered
In the city to-day. Three large elegant corner
Calm, 28 feet frontage; sun in every room; in-
terior finished without regard to cost; lar^e
plate glass doors; porcelain tubs; nickel plated
plumbing; natural wood mantels; ingrain paper
and lincustra work throughout; rents ?70; price
$eoGO.
LOCATION
SOUTHEAST CORNER SANCHEZ AND
CLIPPER STREETS. Mission and Tweuty-
•econd and Castro Btreet cars. Owner on
premises to-day.
EDDY-STREET FLATS-3 handsome well
built modern flats. 7 and 8 rooms and bath;
always rented: very desirable neighborhood;
larrt tot; 25:11x120 feet; rents Jl_2; price
OH IOUH OWN TERMS; AT YOUR OWN
PRJCE>— Elegramt modern i cottage; finished to*
ilayi « rooms and bath; porcelain bath; blrds-
»ye maple tiled mantel; dome ceilings; c-le-
crant modern up-to-date; light and sunny; high
b— m— ent; large lot: price $2750.
LOCATION *
No. nil Sanchez et., near 25th OWNER ON
PREMISES TO-DAY.
HAIOHT-STREET FLATS— Must be sold to
close aa estate; north side of street; magnifi-
cent rimw front and rear; never idle; close to
Market street; S large flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms
and bath each: modern in every detail; 30x
_7:< feet; bank mortgag« $6000; rents $1U2O;
J>rtc« $10. COO.
TORECXOSURE — Elegant Pacific Heights
inarla* view residence; will be sold for mort-
gage and Interest; right of redemption almost
expired; residence, S rooms and bath; large lot
80x117: t frontages- the greatest bargain on
P&clflo Heights to-day.
OTARRELL-ETREET CORNER FLATS—
fl~ Croatage, on northwest corner; 5 new, ele-
gant flats with every modern convenience; will
pay 10 par cent; price J26.OOO.
LEAVE? TWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT—
C7:6 frontatrej walking distance Market and
• Kearny st*.; S Sne large well-built houses of
• rooms and bath; always rented; price $15,000.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT — Near Ellis
and Let v«n worth ets. ; 8 flats In Al condition;
always rented for $1572; S3 feet frontage; price
$16,000.
SNAP— NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDI-
TION FLATS, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; round
bay windows; light and sunny; cars pass; vi-
cinity Pacific Heights; rents $960; price $S500.
ELEGANT MARINE VTBW CORNER-On
Jackson st; win sell for value of land; superb,
unobstructed view of- entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
t modern flats of 6 rooms and bath ; bank mort-
gage $2800.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
ICess ave.: lot 26x137:6; aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath; conservatory, etc;
price $12,000.
f ____
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
EAETON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street.
Bargains
Snaps!
Foreclosures !
! ¦ , Estates!
AH Must Be Sold!
i | All Must Be Sold!
. : ; AUCTION! | J
AUCTION I f ,
AUCTION! ;
TUESDAY, May tSth. 1901.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Oar Salesroom. 638 Market Street.
MARKET-BT. INVESTMENT-No. 1731 Mar-
ket st. nr. Bra&y Et: lot 18:11x124:$ ft: im-
provement*. stores and flats; sold by order
court: rare chance to secure a bargain.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT— Southeast side.
Nos. M7-49-51 Bryant st, 53:6 southwest of
Boanlman place; 4 well-built flats of 3 rooms
' each; always rented at $32 per month.
OTARRELL-ST. CORNER— Northeast corner
Loguna and O'F&rrell eta,; €2:6x95 feet; elegant
northeast corner, eltuated in the best portion of
the Western Addition and a most desirable eite
for flats, which would readily rent for high
rentals.
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS ST.— North
tide. Nos. 1156-58-60 Ellis St.. 175 feet east of
Octavla Et : 27:6x137:6 ft,: 3 elegant modern flats
of 9 rooms and bath, Juet finished; sunny side
etreet. nothing finer In the. city; rents $1740;
five minutes' walk from Market and Kearny
Etreets.
FULTON-6T. CORNER— Southwest cor. Bu-
chanan; 87:6x84 feet; choice- site, ready for
building; street bltuminlzed; cement sidewalk;
must be sold.
TWENTIETH-ST. CORNER— Northwest cor-
ner. No. S574 20th st and Lexington ave. (for-
merly Stevenson et): Nos. 2S4-86-88 Lexington
ave.; etore and flat of 7 rooms and bath and 2
flats of 3 and 4 rooms; lot 89x85 feet: total
rents $78 per month; a fine business corner. '
BRYANT-ST. LOT— Northwest Bid© Bryant
et. S5 feet northeast of Ninth st; 48x90 feet; a
fine lot which, if properly Improved, would pay
large Interest on the money Invested. ,
_-_ /
POINT LOBOS-AVE. CORNER— Southeast
corner of Point Lobos ave. and Cook st; 40x
125 feet: a fine business corner on the princi-
pal business street of Richmond.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS— East side
Boyce et.. 75 feet north of St Rose's st. ; C0xl20
ft.; fine site for a home; must be sold.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS— South side *7th
ft.; SO ft. east Noe St.; 160x114 feet; sold to
close estate of Henry Cassanova.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
' 688 Market street
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
$6250— Modern flats near Park; 5 and 6 rooms
tad bath; rent $55; 25x187:6.
$2000— To close an estate; modern, cottage of 5
rooms and bath; high basement; on car
line: Mission warm belt; 27x106.
$2900— Business property. 33x125; Valencia st;
fine location for stores and flats; mort-
gage $2300 can remain.
$S.iOO— Western . Addition corner; 25x100.
$8500— Fulton st. near Shrader; 75x137:6.
$1200— Twenty-first Bt, near Castro; 25x114
$1100— Church Bt, near Eighteenth: 27x88.
"W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
Chronicle building.
BARGAIN ON EASY TERMS.
Two well built five and *slx room flats on
Guerrero >6t, near Fifteenth.
Fine flve-room cottage on Tremont ave., only
two blocks from Park.
Cottage of five rooms and bath on San Bruno
ave., near Twenty-fourth st.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Lot south Bide « Post Bt; sixty-six (66) feet
front: eitu&tad between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
, ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor, Mills building.
$2500— MODERN house 9 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs: sun all day: good location; street
work done. 205 Bennlngton Bt. Holly Park.
FOR SALE— A . handsome 11-room residence a
half block from car line; south front: heal-
thy location; splendid view over the city and
across the bay; this property must be sold
For particulars address 42S0 Twentieth st. ,
FLATS— Lot 25x108; rent $42 50 month: $3500-
No. 237 Guerrero st. Apply to MATTHEWS
632 Market et.. room 23.
. 1400-HALF- value; 8 fine level lots; near elec-
tric cars; Ocean View; must be sold
$1000— Cost $1800; choice lot 30x100, on Point
* Lobos; suitable for residence or business. -
' $100 each—Lots near Mission road and at
Ingleslde. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507
California et
$15,000— NO. 926 Clay et; lot 68:6x137:6 feet;
house of 15 rooms. \
$6000— Minna, between Third and Fourth;
lot 20x70; house 16 rooms. . ¦•'•.«,
» JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st ¦
ZF you hav« lots to eell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN, 830 California st
BROCKHURST— In Ortnda Park. Oakland.
- May 25, 1901,- Martha B. Sumner. beloved wif»
•of Henry Brockhurst, and mother of 8amuel
. H. (deceased), Annie M.. Willie A.. Georg«
A., Mary E., Charles F.. Lottie S.. Benjamin
A.. Eddie A. and James C. Brockhurst and
Mrs. R. Ehlers. a native of Stockbridge,
Mass., aged 55 years and 9 months. •
CTFrlends and acerualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, at
the Firat M. E. Church, corner of Allston.
way and Fulton street. Berkeley. Leave
Orlnda Park residence at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
CARR— In this city. May 24. 1901. Owen John,
beloved husband of Fannie Carr. and lovin?
father of John. Annie, William, Nettie.
Hugh. Catherine and Louetta Carr and Mrs.
George P. Bowler, a native of Ireland, aged
69 years and 10 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his lat« resi-
dence. 421 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services, at 11 o'clock. In-
terment National Cemeterv. Presidio.
CLAUSIUS— In West Berkeley. May 24. 1901.
Clarence W.. beloved * >n of Felix A. and
Martha Clansius, a native of Wisconsin, aged
1 year 7 months ar.a 9 days.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. May 23. 1901.
John, beloved husband of the late Eliza Curt-
ingham. a native of Ireland, agod 77 years.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 0:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 841 Harrison
street, thence to St. R. s/s Church. Brannan
street, | between Fourth and ' Fifth, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 19
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. May 25. 1901. Andrew
Jackson, beloved husband of Salome P. Da-
vis, and father of Curt C. Davis, a native Of
New Hampshire, aged 63 years 11 months
and 11 days.
DEAN— At Altrurla. Napa County. Cal.. May
25,» 1901. Peter Dean of this city, father ofi
Sara. Robert A., C. Dudley and Benjamin T.
Dean, a native of England, aged 72 years.
DRISCOLL— In this city. May 21, 1301. Ellea
Driscoll, widow of the late Michael Drlscoll.
and beloved mother of John J., Mary Ellen
and Michael J. Drlscoll and Mrs. Charles
Wilson, a native of Bantry, Ireland, aged 60
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat» resi-
dence, 2960 Twenty- third Btreet, thencs to-
St. Joseph's Church, corner of Tenth and
Howard streets, where a solemn requiem
h'gh mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EDGAR— In the City and County Hospital.
May 24, 1901.' George Edgar, a native ot Or»-
EDWARDS— In LosGatos. Oal.. May 24. 1301.
Bertha M.. wife of . A. E. Edwards, and
daughter of Captain O*ore« Johnson, a na^
tlve of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
ETFuneral services at Cypress L*~ »
Chapel this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
Pleaso ' omit flowers.
_DW>RDS— In Berkeley. Cal.. May M. 1901.
at his residence. 1814 Todd street. Thomas
beloved husband of Emma Edwards, and
father of Mrs. Bella Lovln ot Kama* City.
Mo.. » native of Missouri, aged 45 ysars.
' r~B"riends and acquaintancea ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the fu_>r_ this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from tha parlors or
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit flower*. .
ERNEST— In this city. May 24. 1901, JSeHl©,
beloved wife of George Ernest, a natr— of
Contra Costa County, Cal., aged 26 years •
months and 4 days.
FORTRO— In this city. May 24. _3L Joseph J.
Fortro, beloved husband of Una Fortro. and
father of Louis J. Fortro and Mrs. Alible
Turner, a native of New York, aged «9 years
10 months and 6 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral this dar
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellow*'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Parker Lodge No. 124,
I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. May 2S. 1901.
Henry, beloved husband of Catherine Galla-
gher, and father of Henry Maurice and Eva
Gallagher, a native of New York City, aged
63 years 7 months and 4 days.
GREVE— In this city. May 16. 1901, Frank, be-
loved son of Fred and the Hate Eliza Gre— •.
and nephew of Mrs. B. Hanlon -of San Fran-
! Cisco, a native of West Point. Calaveras
County. Cal.
HARDERS— In this city. May 24. 1901. Edward
S. Harders, a native of San Francisco, aged,
36 years and 6 months.
at the parlors of H. T. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
HARRINGTON— In this city. May 23, 1901.
Nellie A., dearly beloved and only daughter
of Ellen J. Harrington, and sister of John J»
and Thomas William Harrington, a natlva
of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 1 month.
ID'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her lato resi-
dence, 434 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. i
HAWES— In this city. May 23. 1901. Elizabeth.
beloved wife of Charles M. Hawes. and
mother of Charles D. Hawes and Mrs. A. E.
Borton, aced 87 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
? dence. 428 Connecticut street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
HOLDEN— In this city. May 25. 1901. John _..
beloved son of Margaret- and the late Martin
Holden,, and beloved brother of Maggie E.
Holden, and Mrs. E. M. Eagan and the lat»
Charles S. Holden. a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years and 3 months.
CJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
* (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.' 824 Green street. Interment Mount
i. Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. May 25. 1901. William
Downes Kelly, beloved son of Fanny Kelly.
and father of Fanny A. and William J.
Kelly, a native of Devonshire. England, aged
46 years 11 months and 25 days.
LJLL—In this city. May 24. 1901. Anna Cather-
ine, dearly beloved wife of Conrad Llll, and
mother of August and John Llll, and slater
of Mrs. Anna Haman. Mrs. L. Strelchsr and
Henry and the late Casper Plans, a native of
Germany, aged 64 years S months and It
days. (Chicago. 111., and Portland. Or., pa-
pers please copy.)
0— '"Friends and acquaintances ttr* respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th* parlors ot
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car
from Eighth and Harrison streets.
MINIGAN— In this city. May 24, 1901, James,
beloved husband of Margaret Mlnlgan. and
father of James. Ben. George. Allc* and
Laura Mlnlsran and Mrs. J. _ Schroeder
and the late Margaret Mlnlgan. and brother-
in-law of Mrs. C. B. Rode, Mrs. Frank Me-
Gulre. Mrs. M. Burns and James McDermott,
a native of Montreal. Canada, aged 64 years.
A member of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14.
A. O. U. W.. an* General M«ade Post No,
43L G. A. R. (Montreal papers pleasa copy.)
• EXFriends and members of the above so-
cieties are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 631 Folsom street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Farewell, my husband, dear, farewelll
« Adieu to thee. adieu;
And you. my dearly loved ones all.
Farewell, farewell to you. .
Though I am gone and yon ara laft '
• To tread this vale alone.
We'll hope to meet again In h«aTen
With Christ before God's throne.
MUELLER— In this city. .May 34, 1901, vKa»
dolph Mueller, beloved husband of Barbara
Mueller, and father of Albert. Rudolph and
Clara Mueller, a natlva of New York, aged
66 years 3 months and 13 days. (New YorSj
and Chicago papers please copy.)
CZFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission 'street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
MULLEN— In East Oakland. May 24, 1301.
Claudia A- Mullen, beloved wife of Edwin
T. Mullen, a native of San Francisco, aged
24* years and 1 day. ¦ —
_TThe funeral services will be held this
day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 ©"Farrell
> street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'BRIEN-In this city. May 24.' 1301. Clara
Mae. beloved wife of Charles L. O'Brien, and
mother of Rose Apnes O'Brien, and daugh-
ter of Thomas and Mary Mullen, and sister
of Mrs. John J. Coffey and the late Harry
T. and John F. and May Jane Mullen, a na-
•-MU? taltted toattend the funeral to-morro-
£ES?"& Howard 0 &*t S"l Pat
rlck^' Church. wheATsolemn requiem mass
2S2_W? «S
4H4S»o f M^nfei O^KeeM
ZSZZi at Joseph. John. Nellie. Daniel.
jTmes Ma-Kie and Nora O'Keefe. and 9(3-
fer of Mrt Mary Xolan, Mrs. John Kearoey
and Maurice and' James O-Hallcran. a native,
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged *i years.
_rNotice of funeral hereafter.
PHILIPS— In this city. May 23. 1901, Margaret
Philips, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
PORTER— In Ea st Oakland, May 25. 1901. Jen-
nleE beloved daushter cf Charles H. and
' Elizabeth A. Porter, and sister of James U.
jTnd William R. Porter, a native of Watscn-
ville Cal.. ared 16 years 1 months and IS
days. (Watsonville Register please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-morrow. (Monday), at 10:30 ¦ o'clock, at
the family residence, 1564 Twenty-flrst ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
'funeral car from -foot of Market street, at
12:45 o'clock. • .
QUIRK— In Oakland. May ! 24. 1301. Patrick -
Flavin, dearly beloved and only son of John
. F. and Mary A. Quirk, and beloved grandson
- of ' Mr. and Mrs. p. Malooey. a native of
Oakland, aged 5 years 4 months and 20 days.
. E7 1 Friends and ; acquaintances are respect-
OontinuedonTage Thlrty-Tw^ jExchange and Bullion:
' New York Exchange has advanced. Sterling
stands about. the Bame..; ' •" V ¦
Sterling Exchange. 60 'days.....: 1 . — ".( $4 88 .
Sterling Exchange, sight.... , : — .-. , 4 89%
Sterling Cables '¦¦ — ' 4 90
New. York Exchange, Bight...>.. .— , ¦ : 12^4
New York Exchange, telegraph.. ;. .15
Silver, per : ounce. .,........>....... — ; ; •". 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 49V4 ® 60 .
Wheat and Other Grains.
.WHEAT— It .was a . holiday, at .Liverpool,
Paris futures were higher. ; _ ." ¦ , ".
Chicago ';'¦; opened | dull but , steady. I | Snow's
weekly crop ' estimate -waa bearish, . but was
offset by I cold weather in the ; winter .wheat
belt, -with more'; frosts predicted. I Thus far.iio
damage ' is reported. _ ' Talk of ' fly , damage . eon
tinues"' -C'- '* • '- v ¦ ¦ ' ¦ r ' : "- .;.-. .^ ¦¦ t '"¦;''
This market continued dull at previous prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, '_¦ 97Hc; milling, Jl@
1 02% per, ctl. ;¦...; : r :¦ ' ; .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— «XX>
ctls, »l-03.;' ¦ >*/*?':' ¦,- - ;'¦ -' •: :¦:¦¦ : ;
* Second : Session-No sales, i-. • .
Regular x Morning Session— No • sales.
: BARLEY— Quotations continue | more or less
nomlnal'ln the absence of business. ..y.
Feed 75o for ' No. 1 • and ,70@72V4o for ' off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 1 80@85c;
Chevalier." nominal.' ? :'¦¦:• : , . : . • i-j
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session— 9 :15 , o' clock— December— 2000
ctls, k 70i4c. " :: i' r '"- '^ ¦¦¦" ¦¦''¦¦¦-':'•>/" .''.-¦.' . 1
Second Session— No salea. -_"• \
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
OATS— There is 'very little business.: White,
$1 37^01 55; Surprise, "nominal; .Red, $1 35@
145 ™ck.\U17%@130 per .cU.:". ,,
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted lower. I Other
descriptions remain : unchanged. - Small " round
Yellow, "^ $1 CO;." Eastern .-.Yellow, • $1 27%@1 30;
White $130;- mixed,, $125@1 27%. ¦; ;; - .--.
v RYE— 8O08Z%c per ctl: ¦¦: -- -,r\ ¦¦>¦;¦ , ,.;' ...
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse.,v _ ,' .' .v. '¦'-\- .v-™.' ¦;< •";>•¦ ." ' '¦''"'. ' .:'_¦
Flour and'Millstuffs:
; ". FLOUK— California • Family ; Extras, t $3 2E@
3 50, usual ; terms ; ' Bakers' i Extras, •: ?3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon/' %2 E0@2 75 per barrel •: for : family- and
$2 75(S3- for bakers' ;^Washington bakers', •; $3 75
&Z..- '¦'-¦' "'¦•'¦ ''¦-¦„¦"-' *¦¦'!*¦<¦: ¦"-•-¦¦ - ; ¦".".: ij". ¦¦¦--¦'-.• ¦¦¦¦ . :' r;
MILLSTTTFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to ; the - trade: \i Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lb»; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye Meal,$2 60;
Rlc« Flour, %1\ Corn Meal/ $3f extra cream do,
$3 75: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, ; $3 7504; Buck
wheat Flour. *4@4 25^ Cracked Wheat, - $3 60;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour," $3 X5; Rolled
Oats (barrels). i" *6 35@7 «6; ' in sacks. , % 607 .60;
ed," 13@13%c. ..¦-¦.'¦ -.>>->¦..¦ :,- ,.;¦ :
.-.;. DRIED FRUITS. ' l
EVAPORATED APPLES— Quiet; State, com
mon, : 3@4>4c ; prime, 4^&@4%c ; .. choice, 5@5%c ;
fancy, 6@6Hc ¦ \ - * r
California dried fruits unchanged. ¦ ¦¦ ¦',, ¦ ".*.
PRUNES— 3% @7c per pound,- as ¦ to size and
quality.-. v i ¦¦¦•<¦:¦' ¦¦ ::¦¦¦ ¦•¦¦' '*¦ ¦¦¦--. ,.:-. ¦:',. -.
. APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
"PEACHES— Peeled, li>i@20c ; unpeeled, 5V4^p
10c. . ' % . ¦•¦ ' -". t :, -. . '¦«
%. _ _ £
NEW YORK, May 25.— FLOUR— Receipts, 5,
529 barrels; exports, 10,000 barrels; ' steady.
Minnesota patents, $4@4 25; do: bakers, $2 90@
3 25; winter patents, $3 65@4; do straights, $3 45
@3 60; do extras, $2 45@2 85; do low grades, $2 30
@2 40. ¦-/,.• - - ' '¦-¦.;;
• WHEAT— Receipts, 208,550 bushels; exports,
406,000 bushels. Spot,- steady; No. 2 red, :85%c
f. o. b, afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c, elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, . 84 1 / 6c, f . o^. ¦ b. afloatl'.No. 1
hard Duluth, 90%c, f . o. [ b. ; afloat. $ Options
opened about steady and held their own through
out "most of ' the forenoon > operations. ; Closed
steady and unchanged. May, 79%^79%c. closed
79%c; July, 78 9-16@78%c, • closed 78%c; Septem
ber. 75 9-16@75%c. closed"75%c. . - \
¦ HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1900
crop. 17@20c; Pacific Coast, ,1900 crop, 16@19e. -
' t HIDES— Steady; Galveston,, 18V4c; California,
21 to 95 pounds, 19c. ¦' •, ¦
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 26®27c; Texas,
I6@l7c. ¦ ' ¦ " :-. - ¦¦¦ .'• : .-,•¦¦.•-¦ :.¦ -.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. - 7 invoice,
6-5-16; mild, quiet; Cordova, "8M,@12%c. Futures
closed Inactive with prices net five points higher
to five points lower on bids only, i The market
was stupidly dull all day. ". •
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 394c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 9-16c; molasses sugar, 3V4c;
refined, quiet; No. 6, 5.00c; No. 7, 1 4.9Cc; No. 8,
4.80c; No. 9, 4.75c; No. 10. '4.70c; No. 11, 4.65c;
No.12, 4.60c; No. 13, 4.60c; No..l4, 4.65c; Stand
ard A, 5.35c; confectioners'. A,' 5.33c; . mold A,
5.90c; cut loaf, 6.05c; crushed, 6.05c; powdered,
5.65c: Kraulated, 6.55c; cubes, 5.80c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 24,153 packages; steady;
creamery. 15@19c; factory, Il@13V&c; imitation
creamery. 13>4@17c. ' _.. ;.. > .y.j^.jy
EGGS— Receipts, ' 6634 : packages ; steady ;
Western ungraded, llV6<g>12V£o; - Western aelect-
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
This week's stock market has shown a dis
position to slip into dullness and increasing
difficulty has been met in attracting any out
side business. It has been the smallest week's
business of the year and has been more and
more restricted to the hands of professional
operators. There has been some notable de
mand at times for certain stocks, such as the
Eries. the Southwestern* and the coalers, both
anthracite and bituminous. The street Is not
agreed in its opinion of the motives of this
buying. One party sees Jn it a renewal of
operations by the great railroad proprietors
in the further development of "community of
Interest" plans, in the newer phases of those
plans involving control of connecting systems
rather than of lateral competitors euch , as
marked the earlier period. Others Bee In lt
merely speculative operations by pools, with a
design to reawaken public interest in
speculation or to' afford a market
forcing ' out pool holdings which were
held through the panic or were picked
up at the low price touched since. The pro
fessional character of the market had been
Indicated by the narrow range of price move
ments and their constant fluctuations, the
course of prices never continuing | beyond . the
second day. From time to time there has
been positive pressure to sell, induced by sev
eral disturbing factors. The principal of these
Is the Northern Pacific dispute, which con
tinues to loom' big In the estimation of dam
aged speculator* and to ca*t . a shadow on
the market Assurances that the disputed
points have been adjusted to the mutual sat
isfaction of the great railroad interests con
cerned have had th<?lr soothing effect marred
by indications to the contraT. For one thing
both -partis persist in their claims to abso
lute control of the property. The earnest de
sire of both parties and their Interest in pre
venting any further disturbance in the • mar
ket from the troubles of the shorts Is very
clear. Yet the shorts have given evidence dur
ing the weok of continued trouble. " The in
ference la thereby made that the : efforts of
the ermtMidinK Interests In Northern Pacific to
relieve the ehorts do not go eo far • as to sell
them Ftock or even to lend -.them certificates
for delivery. The market Is almost absolutely
bar* of the \ stock and the rise Jn Its price
thi* week to 205 Indicates that there Is no re
laxation In the clos»ne«s with which it is held
by the two rival Interests. The rival interests
allowed the shorts whose selling contracts they
hold to settle at the riven figure of 150^ But
clearly others than . the rival " interests hold
nellintr contracts for which there 'is no stock
t<r deliver and arc exacting higher terms." . This
••eir- nartlcularSy tro« of.. the : London market.
NEW YORK, May 25.— There vu no evi
dence of interest in to-day's stock market be
yond the manipulation by professionals in a
limited number of stocks. The action of the
market ehowed that many brokers and traders
followed the midsummer custom of not coming
to the exchange at all for the short session
of Saturday. Some of yesterday's movements,
which gave good promise of a period of activ
ity in the epecial stocks at least, received an
untimely check. This was true of the Tobacco
stocks, which started a vigorous rise, but
which ended with sharp losses. The South
westerns were temporarily strong on pub
lished admissions from interests in the com
panies that plans were working out from the
consolidation and extension of the properties.
Wheeling and Lake Erie issues strengthened
In sympathy. The rumors that an important
ehort interest In Northern Pacific had effected
a private settlement, which was an influence
In yesterday's rally, had lost their force to
day. This was partly due to the lack of any
authoritative information on the j subject.
"While the completion ot a settlement with the
ehortc would be regarded with relief, as re
moving a threat of further forced liquidation
from the market, the obvious pressure to se
cure actual deliveries of certificate! leaves the
inference strong that th© Northern Pacific dis
pute still remains open. An exchange author
ity states that the struggle Is not yet passed.
A Bale of Northern Pacific at 210 to-day re
vived rumors of further competition for the
Ftock. The closing: to-day was ISO bid and 210
asked. The strong position of the banks dis
closed by the bank statement failed to re
vive the market. .
New York Stock Market.
STOCK AND BONT> ; EXCHATTGE.
if.; ¦ - ' — : — — — ' '•'¦¦¦ -.. c-> -'-¦•-'
SATURDAT. May 25—13 nx..
There was a moderate business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, with a de
cline in Oceanic to $30.
• There was no * particular change in the oil
stocks. •
Makaweli Sugar was ex-dividend of 40c yes
terday.
. The Gould & Curry Mining Co." has levied an
assessment of 10c per Khare. * ; .
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 57,324 shares; valued at J19.608. the
leading sales being as -follows: Bear Flag,
1500 shares; California-Standard, 4600; Four,
1000; Home.lOCO; Lion/ 5400; McKittrick Con..
1810; Monarch, 2000; CI1 City, 1000; Petroleum
Center. 29,726; Reed, 2642. • .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. * Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.llS'/fclH -¦' ts qr cp (new).138 139
4s quar rear 113^114 ! 3s quar coup. .109 110 •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Js..lO4H — Oceanic ....... 102%103H
Cal-st 5s -.117^4 — Omnibus R 68.126
C C "Water 5S.10SHU0 Pae G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133H Pk & C H 6S.105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll6tt — Pk & O R 6s.H7 — '
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H & C S 5%s.l06i4 — Sac E G R 5s. — 100
Do 5s...: 101H102U S F & SJV Bs.120% —
Los An* R 5s.ll2»i — Sierra Cal 6s. — 110
¦L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do emtd es.— 104 (1909) ........ ll2%m\L
Do *ntd 5s.l00 102 (1910) 114% —
L A & Pac 5s.lO2%104 S P oi C 6a
Do 1 c m 58.102% — ' (1909). ser A.106% —
Markt-st C 6s. - UTO (1905), ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m-Bs.122%— ' : (1906) ........ 110%110i4
Nev Co R 7s.. — tmi (1912) :....... — 121%
Nor R Cal 6s.. — 114% S P of Cal 1st
a Do 5s. 118i4U9% g Bs.105 —
Nor Pac C 6S.100 — S P Br Cal 8S.134H —
Do 5s — 109 S V Water 6s.U3% — -
Nor Cal R 5s. 113^4 — Do 4s. :. — 103
Oak Gas 5s. . .111% — Do 4s, 8d m.102%103^,
-Do'Tran:6s..ll6$ill7% Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
: Do "Wat 5s. ..104 105 .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. '81% S1V4I Spring Valley. 87 87^4
Marin County. 5!% — | - > I ,
- GAS AND ELECTRIC. ,
Cent L & P 3 — Pacific Lt...... 46 —
Equitable ..... 3% — Sacramento...—' —
Mutual ........ 4^—; S F G &.E.... 88HS9'
Oakland ....... 50% 61 Ban Francisco. 4H i%
Pacific Imp... 33% 35% Stockton — .- —
¦ , ' * INSURANCE. >
Firem's Fund.235 — | ;"
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal '.V.. 77 81 LP&A. 147 —
California 408 412 Mer Ex(llq).. 16 — ,
Cal Safe Dep..l07%103 S F National. — 125
First Nat...... 310 .315 .. -."-.-• . " -
' SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — Sav & Loan.. — . —
Humboldt .... — — Security 27S —
Mutual : '. 60.-.—" Union Trust.. 1400 . —
San Franclsco.515 —
:, . .STREET RAILROADS. .
California ...:.125 135 * IO S L St H.... 40 — '
Geary .......... — -87% Presidio ...... J3 25
Market ........ 70 ¦. — I- .-¦ *
POWDER. ¦ • « •
Slant .......... 77 78 /Vigrorlt .: 1% 8%
' SUGAR. ¦< ¦¦ ¦ -
Hana '¦'..'... ..... 7% — . IKilauea ...... W& 19
Hawaiian ...;.' B0 - B2 Makawell ..... 39 - ¦, — ¦-¦
Honokaa ...... 21% 22% Onomea ....... 20 —
Hutchinson ... 19 19% I Paauhau . . . . . . ; 25 . 27 ."
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ;* •
Alaska' Pack.. 128^129 Oceanic S S... 49% 51%
Cal Fruit Can. 96 -— *: Pac Aux P A1.1 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax..l51 152
Mer Ex.. "..".... 110. - — . Par Paint 18 — "
Morning 1 .- Session.
.''•.'"-. Board— ¦.¦ -i • - ¦• ¦¦•>¦< . '. .:
100 Contra Costa .Water, s 60..... 8100
:. 10 Contra Costa Water — .....¦..."..•. — 81 60
120 Hutchinson S P Co. •.....".. 19 00 ..
55 Makawell ..:...' ; : .....3900.
15 Oakland Gas ..V...-. '. 5100
: 65 Oceanic Steamship Co... 50 00 .
45 Oceanic Steamship Co, b 5 -SO 00
$5000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds....." 103 00
- 100 Pacific Lighting . 46 00
EMPLOYES OP, GROCZHS .
ivt viyrp T,H'Kli& EMPLOYEES
Matters of Interest to Trade Consid
ered in Executive Session, but
No Results Beached.
A pleasant conference between men con
nected with the wholesale grocery trade
was held yesterday afternoon In tha rooms
of the "San Frandaco Board of Trade.
Employers and their men met together In
social i converse. ; Means • of reaching 1 tha
best results were discussed and & pleasant
and profitable afternoon was spent.
The affair was In charge of the Asso
ciated "Wholesale Grocers. William Cluft
presided and A. L. Ehrman was the secre
tary." Every man who has an interest In
the trade was present and freely . ex
pressed his vl»ws. No set programme' was
followed, each man responding 1 to tha call
of the chair. ; " /
Considerable information of value to the
employers was given in these impromptu
speeches, and many a retail grocer was
scored for his lax < methods in buying
goods. If ' the city drummers had their
way, according to tfie "spiels" they made,
every corner grocery store in town would
be filled to repletion. , j>
EASTERN MARKETS.
The pressure Is rising steadily over California
and Nevada. It has fallen rapidly over Wash
ington and Northern Idaho. The weather Is
generally unsettled 6ver the- Pacific Slope.
Showers are reported in the valleys and sprin
kles of rain have fallen in Nevada and Utah.
Thunderstorms are reported at Neah Bay and
Independence. - High winds have occurred In
Utah and Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 26. 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
Sunday; fair In the afternoon; 'fresh southerly
¦winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday In the
forenoon; fair in the afternoon; fresh southerly
winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
brisk southerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday with
occasional showers; brisk southeast 'winds.
Arizona — Fair Sunday; fresh southerly winds.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday; clearing in the afternoon;
fresh southerly, changing to westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast . Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 52; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
D H Stemnertz & w.
Carters
J C Dunphy. Cal
F S Glass. Berkeley
W- Towle. Cal
H R Collett, Cal
H Meister, Chicago
C G Winter. N Y
W D Wlllson, Los Ang
W R" Wheat, Los Ang
Mr Rleza & w, Hambg
Dr Sellerbeck. Berlin
Mr : Mirestz, Germany
Anson," Germany '
C J Hoster & w. Ohio
Miss Stewart, " Ohio
Miss Sheldon, Ohio
A Bauer & w, Germny
C W de Knight. D C
D L Dean, . Boston
E Wallace, Yreka
H Porter, Los Angr
W L Stewart. L Angr
G W Curtis & w, Cal
R J Hlllaa, NY
L Gerllnger & w. Or
B C Tousey, Cal
J Hule & w, Phlladel
D Decker & w. Wash
R A Strohmeyer. Cal
W R Bradshaw. St Lo
H E Ridley & w. Daw
son ,
R E Forbes & w, Mara
J B McCane & w. Bost
Mrs F Arnold. N Y
W Rosenberg, N Y
R A Bryan & w. Pa
W A Greer. N Y
S S Strauss. ?f Y
H Levy, N Y
H McCreery, Kan City
T M Sullivan, Cal
L Simpson. Oakland
T E Hayden, St Louis
G C Hunter, N Y
E H Behrens. N Y
F R White, Chicago
N C Crosby, N H
E Mllligan. N Y
C Davies & w. Honolti
G H Millard & w. N T
Miss E Millard. N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
L McKee. N Y
Mrs H M Thomas, Ta
coma :
C R Curtis, Salt Lake :
O W Posey, • Berkeley '
C F Burke, Berkeley
C F Fay, Berkeley :
H Eaton, Berkeley :
H C Rosa, Portland '.
M A Folsom. Wash.
Col E R Knox. Sacto- .
G R McCord. Hanford :
J Well. Sanrar
T H". Wells. St Louis :
S H Eolton. Chicago :
F H Shaw & w. Wash '
J H Dolan, Sacto . . ¦
D McCarthy, Sacto
C H' Daniels. Sacto
J J Monteverde. Sacto ,
Mrs G A Dyer, Stnfrd ',
Miss S H Dyer, Stnfrd '
H ' 8 . Johnson. Hong
kong
J Gumpert. NY
W H Wosswlck, Guad- ;
alupe
TJ I Mitchell, Reno
J D Slvlla. Sacto
N Prioa, ChlcaKO '
T : Mclntyre. Mt Eden '
H A Daggett. Stanford
A Jardahl. Eureka -
Martha Frost, Stanfrd
Mary Shlves. Stanford .
Arme R Fay, Stanford ,
Maud M Fay,' Stanford
Maria H Cochran, Sta
Maria Cochran. Stnfrd
Mabel Fuller. Stanford
Miss Arnold. Sn Mateo
C Hitchcock. S Rafael
W G Codman. Boston
H L Latz. Phila
Maria Hartnell. . Slina*
H H Hunter, San Jos«
W F Slocumb. Sacto
A H Baldwin, Wash
F J Herthel Jr & w,
Cal
Mrs L Lahaise, Cal
M A Cochran. S Diego
T F Trash, B C
J N Sexton Jr. Stnfrd
P. S McNousht, Stnfrd
E K Potter, Stanford
J F Co nan. Stanford
L R Bennett, Stanford
C W Scott, Stanford
G M Leser. Wis
F R Clark, St Louis
L Wolf & w. Ill
C R.Van Ordel, Chcaga
LA McLean, Sacto
F Bareuchl, Vallejo
Miss Bareuchl. Vallejo
C S Fay. Berkeley
T B Hunter Jr Stanfrd
H H Adams, Stanford
J L Bryson. May Bert
H Relnhart, San Jose
J W Thomas, Tacoma
J MacBain & w, Msnlo
Pars
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury ! balance | shows: - Available
cash balance.- $158,861,891; gold, $94,642,094. . ;¦
Condition of the Treasury.
To-day Is. a holiday on the London and Liv
erpool exchanges. They will also be closed
Monday. '
LONDON, May 25.— Money, 2%@3 . per cent.
Bar silver, quiet at 27 7-16d per ounce.
London Market.
The Financier says: The statement ; of the
Associated Banks of New York ior the week
ending May 25 . is more in . harmony with
known movements of money than the previous
exhibit, although as a matter of fact thera is
still a considerable discrepancy between act
ual movements of the two weeks just ended
and the clearing house totals of Saturday.
This is variously accounted for on the plausible
explanation of the unsettled conditions pre
vailing ¦ eince - May 9, which | have really been
such as to make up for the differences noted.
The gain in cash for the week amounted to
$5,361,600, all of which came from . interior
points.
Treasury operations show a loss. The de
crease of $14,639,500 In loans, following the
violent contraction of the ' previous week,
makes a total shrinkage In fourteen aays of.
nearly $39,000,000. It is not difficult to explain
this liquidation, which measures to a greater
or less extent the process of settlement which
has been going on since the Stock Exchange
panic of May 9. Whether thMs disturbing cause
has been eliminated cannot T5e stated, but -in
view of present conditions, there 's nothing
on which to base a prediction of a loan item.
The entire trend, of bank operations for two
weeks haa been to strengthen cash reserves,
the week's addition of cash amounting to
over $5,000,000 and the release of $2,620,000 ow
ing to a decrease of $10,509,800 in denosits hav
ing added $7,989,050 in surplus, bring the total
above the 25 per cent requirement of $21,258,
975, the larcest amount' reported ¦¦. since the
opening of February. ¦ This is a natural se
quence of violent stock exchange operations
and has " been witnessed many times in the
past. It is due not only to the contraction,
but to supplies of cash which were attracted
to this center by. reason of temporary high In
terest rates prevailing. : The ultimate effect is
in the direction of lower Interest ratos, but this
does not follow as a corollary Incident. There
is nothing to indicate an unusually large accu
mulation of idle reserve at this time. The
treasury, owing to excess revenue, will prob
ably absorb an appreciable volume off funds,
and gold exports, while small, are taking gome
money out of the banks. Last but not least,
current business Is heavy and Its Oemands are
an appreciable factor, especially, at this sea
son of the year. Monetary conditions,- viewed
in every light, are .stable, and give no cause
for concern. . . " . " . . -
NE'CT' YORK, May 25.— The 'statement of the
Associated Banks for the week endins to-day
shows: Loans. $858,872,600. decrease. $14,629,700;
deposits, $343,116,900, "decrease, $10,509,SOO, r cir
culation, $31,104,700, decrease,' $4300 ; lesral ten
ders, $76,301,000. increase, $2,183,500; specie, $1SO,
067,200, increase, $3,178,100;. reserves, ?256,56S,200,'
increase, $5,261,600; reserve required, $233,279,
255. decrease, $2,627,450; surplus, $21,288,975,"In
crease. $7,989,030. . , ' '¦¦¦•
! ' ' ¦ ' . '
Associated Banks' Statement.
CHICAGO. May 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
nominally steady. Good to prime steers. $5 30
@«- poor to medium, $4 15@5 20; stockers and
feeders. $3@5; cows.' $2 90@4 70; heifers, $3@5; ,
canners, *2 25ig-2 95; bulls,' S3@4 40; ; calves. •¦
14 1506 25; Texas steers, $4 23<g5; Texas bulls, •
if 7?®3 90.- ¦-•.--- -. ' •" .' , ¦ .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; Monday. 32,-
CCO- estimated ¦ left over, 3000; market ¦ opened
slow closed steady. Top, J5 92% ; mixed and
butchers' $5 1>0@5 90; good to choice heavy,
J5 "5®5 92%; rough heavy, ?5 60@5 70; . light,
$5 55<S5 82%; bulk of sales. $5 75#5 S7%. ,
SHEEP— Receipts, ¦ 3000: market for sheep
and lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers,
$4 40(34 65- fair to choice mixed, $4 15@4 35;
Western sheep. $4 40@4 65;^ Texas sheep, $1 50@
4 85; native lambs, $i& 75; Western lambs,
$5@6 a 75. _ ,"'¦-¦¦¦•' " - .". . " ¦ . :
; r , New York Cotton Market.
NEW .YORK, May 25.— The . cotton market
opened steady with prices unchanged ; to ' . 12
points higher. July led the advance, opening
at $7 92, as against $7 SO last night. An"ad
vance to $7 95 for July occurred soon after the
opening, and all the morning the market was
strong in an erratic way. Closed inactive with
prices net 5 points higher, to 5 points lower.
' Exports and Imports. '.;.
-NEW .YORK, -May 25.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries for
the week ' aggregate $647,683 silver bars and
coin and $766,003 gold. • ; ": ...
The imports . of . dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New York for this week were
valued at ; $10,561,463. . i , " ; '. • ' *£&°
The imports. of specie this week were $31,107
gold and $S2, 631 silver..' *. ." ' \
¦¦¦'New York Metal Market. \
NEW YORK, May 25.— The local . market for
metals to-day .was a very slow one.' Tin was
dull at $28@28 50. Copper, dull; $17 for Lake and
$16 62% for casting. Lead, $4 37%; spelter, $3 95
@4. Pig iron warrants,. $9 50@10 50; Northern
foundry, j $15 25@16 50. .
Foreign Markets. '
¦LONDON, May 25.— Silver, 27.7-16d; French
rentes, " lOlf *40c. , . ' • : ¦ : ,
LIVERPOOL, . May. ¦ 25.— Wheat In Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet.
Northern Wheat Market.
. , OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 25.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
59@59%c. ' ¦;""."-". ¦ . ¦
- Cleared— British bark Cyphrome for Que^ns
town with 1C6,325 bushels wheat. > ,
WASHINGTON. ,
TACOMA, May 25.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem. 61c: club, 59c. ¦ j •
Portland's Business.
: PORTLAND, May 25.— Clearings, $185,325;
balances, •' 137,694. v
Chicago Livestock Market.
* LIVERPOOL.
-Wheat- ' - -¦¦ ,"..,- July. .Sept.
Opening . ¦ • ~-
losing .- V pX R is V • H0Uday —
Wheat— ' ¦ ' •. May. 'July- Aug.
Opening •••• 20 10 20 75
Closing 5 ......;..; ,20 20 '. .20 SO .
Flour — . » • , s • . ¦•''¦- ._. •
Opening :........ 2d »0 26 Oo . ;
Closing ...;...;...' ••••• 2560 -¦;;." 26 2Q...
Foreign Futures.
020th Meridian— Paclfle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 25. 1901-* p. m.
The following are ' the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared \rith those of the eame date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
71»e local bade clearings for the past week
•mounted to {19,928,54$. against $18,158,873 for
the r aTn *> week last year.
Bank Clearings.
Th* leading sources were: From Mexico,
fl.2£3,SS2; Australia, J1.47S.416; Japan. $2,645,200.
Imports of Specie.
Import* of specie st this port during the first
four months of the year were $5,444,830, against
S3,2ez,82< for the same time last year, the lead
ing descriptions being as follows: Gold bul
lion. $2,965,173; gold coin, $1,609,310; silver bul-
Uoa. $803,690; silver coin, $66,657.
Imports of merchandise at this port during
th« first four months cf the year were $12,767,-
S60, against $16,946,300 for the same time last
year, the leading sources being as follows:
Japan. $3,510,750: China. 52,208.760; Central
America, $2,340,900; East Indies. $1,064,270;
Great Britain, $689,500; British Columbia, $S75.
•00; Pranoe. $407,220; Germany, $368,000.
Imports of Merchandise.
Shares ' Closing
Sold. * Stocks— . Bid.
16,700 Atchison 77
1,200 Atchison prefd 97Vi
300 Baltimore & Ohio 101%
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
Canadian Pacific .....102%
Canada Southern 64
300 Chesapeake & Ohio 48%
• 700 Chicago & Alton ....".. 40%
300 "Chicago & Alton prefd 78
1,900 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 195%
8,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 35%
700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 72
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 125
Chicago & Great Western............ 22
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 80
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 45
Chicago & Northwestern ...192
200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 153
Chicago Terminal & Trans. 22Vi
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 43»4
100 C C C & St Louis S1V*
3,900 Colorado Southern 14%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd. 52
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23
200 Delaware & Hudson ."- 162%
100 Delaware Lack & Western 220
100 Denver & Rio Grande 44&
.. Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91
*i7,2C0 Erie : •¦• 41%
Erie 1st prefd 68
100 Erie 2d prefd •• ••• 5o
.. Great Northern prefd li»
200 Hocking Valley 52%
200 Hocking Valley prefd ;.... 77
• 200 Illinois Central 138%
100 Iowa Central 33
300 Iowa Central prefd &s
....... Lake Erie & Western 56
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
""©JO Louisville & Nashville 102
400 Mexican Central 25%
- 700 Mexican National 10%
500 Minneapolis & St Louis .90%
1L700 Missouri Pacific 106
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 27£
600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 66%
...;... New Jersey Central 153
200 New York Central 149%
100 Norfolk & Western........... 50%
...... Norfolk & Western prefd..... 87%
100 Northern Pacific • 180
100 Northern Pacific prefd.... 97%
4,100 Ontario & Western 32%
...I.... P C C & St L ......... s: ..:. 74
3100 Pennsylvania • •.••;•• "^
2,800 Reading ••-••• • **w
1,000 Reading 1st Prffd-- ;•••• ™
2,600 Reading 2d prefd^..... 63%
100 St Louis & San Francisco...... 45
' .¦ St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 81
""300 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd ;. 68
WO 1st Louis Southwestern 32%
St Louis Southwestern prefd 62%
"i.'sOO St Paul ••• .......1»8%
St Paul prefd w«
3,600 Southern Pacific •• «%
3,'-t>0 Southern Railway j»%
800 Southern Railway prefd 82%
7 400 Texas & Pacific... ¦•••¦•• •¦••¦•«»,'?
'"00 Toledo St Lcuis & Western 22Vi
2O5 TolSo St Louis & Western prefd.. 37%
9,800 Union Pacific .............. r .- -.100%
1,200 Union Pacific prefd - 87£
15.400 Wabash • '"-.?;*
21,100 Wabash prefd -•••••••• ••¦••• *£
1200 Wheeling & Lake Erie, .............. 18
300 -Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30%
¦ Wisconsin Central ....<..;... 20
Wisconsin Central prefd ....44
Express Companies—
....... Adams • V •'*.•., AS
American «* .
... United States 81>
.... Wells-Fargo < 140
Miscellaneous—
1 600 Amalgamated Copper ;. .1159*
1500 American Car & Foundry ....... 26M,
100 American Car & Foundry prefd 80%
1500 American Linseed Oil 1SV4
100 American Linseed Oil prefd .48
" 1500 American Smelting & Refining...... 55%
; 600 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 96
44,000 American Tobacco -133
2 400 Anacohda' Mining Co..; 49%
4 900 'Brooklyn Rapid Transit .75%
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron : 92%
600 Consolidated Gas .r. 219
• 18 200 Continental Tobacco C0%
3 200 Continental Tobacco prefd 113
....... General Electric... ...........221
400Gluccse Sugar 57
- J00 HccKlng Coal * '. ..17%
"'"¦• 100 ' International Paper ..:. .23,
300' International Paper prefd .......... 7S%
1 500 : International Power 96
Laclede Gas ...............'..........-.. 84
1 600 National Biscuit — .'.... 45V4
....... National Lead 19%
200 National Salt ........;...:: 43
100 National Salt prefd "..' 75%
LBOO North American 87.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
The moratorium granted to the "Northern Pa
cific ehorts in that market at the last settle
ment has been extended through the next set
tlement and to June 10, with the expressed
hope that the contending interests in Northern
Pacific will have arrived at some arrange
ment by that time. This revelation that there
<s still a short interest in Northern Pacific in
a parlous state and the deduction drawn that
the dispute for Northern Pacific control Is sliil
open has had a decidedly disturbing effect on
sentiment. The application of the Union Pa
cific to the Stock Exchange to list the full
authorized issue of JIOO.000,000 of- convertible
bonds has given occasion for some selling of
the stock. It Is known that $40,000,000 of this
issue has already been, sold to provide the
purchase money for the Southern Pacific. The
supposition is general that the remaining $60,
000,000 is designed to reimburse the cost of the
Northern Pacific stock bought In the interest
of Union Pacific. Wall street has asked Itself
how far tha heavy amounts of Union Pacific
sold at high prices during the boom have rep
resented the extra Issue of stock authorized
to be exchanged against these, bonds. The be
lief has grown up during the week that some
of the operations in the stock market represent
efforts to secure a trunk line outlet to the
Atlantic coast for the Southwestern Railroad
system. The buying of Eries and the strength
of Lackawanna have both been attributed to
this cause. The projected Wabash extension
to Pittsburg and the Wabash demands in
passenger rates are pointed to as corroborative
evidence of a desire for a control of the trunk
lines. -
Reports have circulated that protests have
been lodged against the execution of this pro
ject by representatives of other trunk lines.
Some uneasiness has been expressed lest an
other conflict between leading railroad inter
ests was thus foreshadowed. The relaxation
In foreign money markets has been a favor
able factor, although the local money mar
ket has shown no sign of any lack of supply.
The decline in speculative activity, has, in fact.
led to growing ease of money. But the fear
expressed that money difficulties might con
front the London market has caused some
dread of a sympathetic effect here. During
the week the Paris market has apparently
satisfied its requirement for the Russian loan
floatation and has relaxed its pressure upon
London, so that the Bank of England was
able on Thursday to secure an arrival of $2,
500,000 In gold in the open market, which it
was feared might go to the Continent. The
Paris demand for gold in connection with the
Russian loan has « been" unexpectedly light,
owing to the strong position of the Bank of
France, ¦which holds a stock of gold only sec
ond in amount to that in the United States
Treasury, and which. has been making 20 per
cent of Its payments in gold.
Some " financial authorities are beginning to
maintain that the claims of the United States
for gold on account- ' o* - merchandise bala.nce
have been practically wiped out by the large
return" of 'American securities <to the home
market during the late speculative furor. It
is worthy of note, however, that while gold
went, out from New York this, week a ship
ment was made from. Sydney: to San Fran
cisco. The receipt of the first drlbblings of
gold from the Transvaal, mines is attracting
attention In Europe. With, the lighter demand
for money there on account of dull business,
growing confidence is felt that further mon
etary needs in London will be supplied.
The bond market has been quiet and the
movement of prices Irregular.
Government bonds were unchanged on the
call prices as compared with a week ago.
Articles— •- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour.: barrels ................ 12,000 . • .. 11.000
Wheat bushels .;.. 51,000 152,000
Corn bushels .665,000 - 3S7.000
Oats,' bushels -.. ......395,000 ¦' ,195,000
Rye bushels... 7,000 ,1,000
Barley, bushels ....... ....... 9,000 '. ¦ r . 4.Q00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong; creams, 14@lS54c; dairies;
14@17c.~ Cheese, steady, 8%@10c. Eggs, 10c. "
x. — . — : — *
Cash' quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patents, $3 80@3 SO; straights, $3 204j;3 70;
clears, $2 60@3 40; spring specials. $4 20; pat
ents, $3 45@3 80; straights,' $2 90@3 20; ; bakers,
$2 20@2"60; No. '2 red wheat, 75@76c; No. ' 2
corn 42%@43«4c ; No. 2 yellow. 42%@43» / _ ! c ; No.
2 oats, 29%@29V4c; No. 2 white, 28%@30Vic;. No.
3 white, 29@30c; good' feeding Darley, . 45c; fair
to choice malting, 50@53c; No. 1 flax seed, 81 68;
No l Northwestern,' $1 70; prime timothy seed,
S3 35 --mess pork, per bbl, $14 65@14 70; lard, per
100 lbs," $8 12i_i@S 25;- short riba sides (loose),
$7 95@8 20; dry salted » shoulders (boxed), 6%@
7c- short clear sides (boxed),' $8 12%@8 23; whis
ky, basis of high wines, |1 27. Sugar— Clover,
contract grade, $9 50. •• - ,.-, '¦'¦ \ ¦
„.. SATURDAY, May 23-12 m.
Bid. Ask. I BId.Aslc.
Alpha 02 03. Justice 03 04
Alta -01 €2IKentuck — 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher C8 07 Mexican 14 15
Best & Belcher 19 20 Occidental 03 04
Bullion OX 03 Ophir 86 S?
Caledonia 4S 50- Overman ....... 12 13
Challenge , Con. 07 08 Potosl 02 03
Chollar 04 05 Savage 03 10
Confidence ..... 53. 60iScorplon — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 20 2 25iSes Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra >f«vada_ 13 14
Con New York. — OllSIlver Hill 32 35
Crown Point... 07 C9|St Louis C6 —
Eureka Con.... 08 —(Standard 3 SO 3 90
Exchequer ..'... — OliSyndieate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 07 08jUnlon Con 17 M
Hale & Nor 19 21 Utah 04. 05
Julia — 02IYelIow Jacket.. 14 18
The following were the sale? in the Paclflo
Stock Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
20O Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir 98
300 Caledonia 47 400 Ophir 91
200 Challenge Con. OS 200 Silver Hill 31
300 Gould & Curry. 08 200 Union Con 18
500 Ophir 94 1100 Yellow Jacket.. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. a^ - : _____
' .Morning Session.
Board— . *¦*¦{'¦
500 Bear Flag ....: '...... »
700 California-Standard 83
1000 Lion —— . 15 •
60 Occidental of West Vlrgtnia 69
. 200 Occidental of West Virginia, b 30.... 61)
25 Peeriesa. b 90 8 60
23 Peerless 8 00
K0O Petroleum Center 05
50 Sterling, b 10 1 85
Street—
2 Hanford 93 50
SAN FRAN'CISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
-
Uornlns Session.
Board-
IPO Home Oil 8 10
1000 Lion ,.. IS
ICO Sterling 180
lfiO Sterling, b 90 „ 170
2C0 Toltec * 55
MINING STOCKS.
— — — ¦ ' -
The following were the salea In Vxa Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning 1 Sess'on.
600 Best & Belcher 20 300 Mexican H
150 Challenge 10 400 Ophir 98
100 Challenge 09 700 Overman 12
SO Challenge OS 500 Sierra Nevada, 13
CO Pacific Coast Borax 153 ft>
tlOCO 8 P Branch Railway Sa S 134 75
.15 Spring Valley Water '... 87 2S
Street— .
10 Giant Powder Con 77 00
?5000 S P of A Bonds (1910) 114 0*
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
New York ExcJiange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Weekly bank clearings slwzo a gain over last year. [
Grain Bags advanced again under liberal rains.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats and Rye neglected. Corn weaker.
Hay steady. Bran and Middlings firm.
Nothing further new in Beans.
Potatoes still declining under increased receipts. .
Onions and vegetables in ample supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs depressed under excessive stocks.
Four cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrozv.
Fresh fruits in sufficient supply.
Dried fruits dull. Some activity in Honey.
Two cars of Poultry to be offered to-morrow.
Provisions quiet at previous quotations. • \ .
Packers again reduced their bids for' Hogs.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Increased imports of specie. Decreased imports of merchandise.
Articles— "•'• . < . Open. High: Low. Clos.
-'¦ .Wheat-No.' 2— •':': ' ; • ,'.:•
May ¦;....... ... ... ..«•., 73% ¦ , , 73T4 . 73V a • 73%
July %...-......'. ; 73 ( 73H ' 72% ,.73
..¦Corn lj No.''2— ;-' ¦; '•"- ¦' ¦'.•-•.¦ ¦' .. ¦ ¦" ¦'
May.'......'....'.....^ 42% .43 ¦' 42%.;. 42%
July 1 .. ':43%.v 44% : 43% :. 43%
September ;..:..... '43% ¦ 44% t - .43%,- "43%
: Oats No. ¦ ,2— •;¦'¦- ' : >-U.V '/ •' '•¦
May ..../ :.... ¦ 29% "29% 29% 29%
July .'............... • 28% 28%, ' 23% .23%
September ..'..;..;.- 25, .26% 26 ,.2CU
Mess pork, »er bbl— ¦ t . -' -
May......'.:. ...'.:.. ....;;:. 14 65
July-. ::.....:....... 14 67^4 14 67V4 14 60 14 67%
September .........14 60 14 65 14 60 . . 14 65
Lard, per 100 lbs— . "
May ........................ . ....'815
July 8 12% ; 8 12% 8 07% : 8 10
September ;.....:.. 8 12V4 ,8 12% 8 10 .' ; 8 12%
Short ribs. 'Per . 100 lbs— ;¦: . .- . •* • . - .
May ................:... ..... .... 8 22%
July ................ 7 95 7 95 7 92% 7 93, a
September:.. ¦¦¦¦..•• 7 90.- ; 7 92% 7 90 .' 7 92%
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
' Pacific Coast ' '..;.'.. .... 60
Pacific Mail 34
1.4C0 People's Gas ..'.....-.. ...;..*. ...114
300 Pressed Steel Car ...................... 45V4
300 Pressed Steel Car prerd .; 84 .
Pullman Palace Car ........204 !
200 Republic Steel -...;..¦.. 18^4" i
300 Republic Steel prefd .....;.. ...."....; 73^ I
4,700 Sugar ....: 147V4
Tennessee Coal & Iron 56
.. ... Union Bag & Paper Co :............ 12%
2fi0 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd ...... 69 -
1,200. United States Leather '..'...- 13%"- 1
' 6C0 United States Leather prefd .'.." 78% I
100 United States Rubber 21 I
100 United States Rubber prefd : ..61^)
S.1C0 United States Steel .,......'.. ...... '.:."43% '
4.7C-0 United States Steel prefd ........... 93
7C0 Western Union :.... 91%
:'.2,TC0 . Shares sold. ' . v • • . " . ,*".'. ' :r . .'
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S ?s ref reg.....l0C4 N Y Cent lsts:... .108
Do coupon 106% N J Cent gen 5S...132
Do 3s re? 109 Northern Pac 3s... 71%
Do Ss coup .109 Do 4s.:... .....lOSVi
. Do new 4s reg...l38 N Y C & S L 4s.. 107%
Do nsw 4s coup.".138 N & W con 4s 101
. . Do old is res 113>A Or Nav lsts.. ...... 109
I>o old 4scoup...ll3V2 Do 4s.. ...... ..104'^
Do fs reg 10S% Or Short L,6s 127
Do 6s coup.... ...108% ' Do con fs... :..... 116
Dis of Col 3.65s... .125 Reading Gen 4s.... 96^4
Atchison gen 4s. ...102% R GW.lsts..: 100^4
Do adj 4s 92^,1 S L & I M con 5s. 115%
Canada Sou 2ds.-...lCS% S L & S F Gen 6s.l34 :.¦'
Cnes & Ohio 4V4S...105& St Paul con.. ......190
Du 5s .120 S P C & P lsts.. ..118
C & N con 7s.l. ...141% Do os...... ...... ..119
Do S F Deb 5s.. 121% Southern Pae 4s... 93%
Chic Terra 4s 94 ISoulhern Ry 5s. ...117
Colorado Sou 4s 87%IStand R & T 6s.... 58
D & R G 4s ...JC2»i Tex & Pac lsts..:. 120^
.Erie Gen 4s. 8SH Do 2ds 99
.F W & D C lsts...lO9V4 Union Pac 4s:. .....105%
Gen Elec ts 185^4 Wabaoh lsts ...117%
Iowa Cent lsts 117 I Do . 2ds: 110
L & N Uni 4s 103 West -Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 82 I Wis Cent 4s 89%
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries....... 95
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief . 12
Alice 45 Ontario 8 00
Breece ...160 Ophir :........ 87
Brunswick Con..... 17 Phoenix .............; 11
Coni^iocK Tunnel... OaiPotosi' .....; 01
Con Cal & Va...... 2 10 Savage, 07
Dead wood Terra 55 Sierra Nevada...... 10
Horn Silver... 120 Small Hopes.....:... • 45
Iron Silver E9 Standard ............3 50
Leadville Con :.. 05 . •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ' West* End .........94
Call loans I.3%@4 Westngh Elec 63
Time loans...... 3^@4% Bonds— 7
Stocks— Atchison. 4s- : .102 *
Atch Top & S F.. 77, N E G & Coke 5s.. 64
IX) prefd 1 97 Mining Shares— . Si
Amer Suear. 14"Vi Adventure .: 1 14H
Do prefd 121% Bingham Mng Co.. 22%
Amer Tele 179% Amal Copper ..115
Boston & Albany. .254 Atlantic ............ 30%
Boston Elev .......181 Boston & Mont.... 435
Boston & Maine.. .196 Butte & Boston.... 107%
Chi Bur & Q 195% Calumet & Hecla..82o
Dominion Coal .... 35 Centennial ..' 28
Do prefd ..'..115 Franklin ..'.... 10U
U S Steel 44 Humboldt 30'
Do prefd 93 Osceola 86 "
Fitchburg prefd 146 Parrot 53 ¦
Mexican Cent 25% Quincy ...130'
N E Gas& Coke.. 10% Santa Fe Copper.. 7 i
Old Colony ..32 Tamarack .: 325
Rubber 20% Utah Mining 29
UnionPac- 100 Winona 2V£
Union Land 3 Wolverines ....;... 55%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
FOR SATURDAT, MAT 25.
Flour, qr sks 28.121 Wool, bales.. ' 103
Wheat, ctls....:.. 72,850 Pelts," bdls 3-t
¦Barley, ctls.". 65,308 Hides. No 614
Beans, sks......:. 368 Raisins.- bxs 1,000
Potatoes, sks..... ', 2.782 j Wine, gals 54,540
Bran, sks......... 1,590 Leather, rolls..... 102
Middlings, sks... 105 Quicksilver, flsks 145
Onlors, sks....... 1.195 Tallow. etl3 223
Hay, tons....: 407 Sugar, ctls........'' 931
• : OREGON. r
Flour, qr sks.. ...11.552|Bran, sks... 2,000
Potatoes, sks.*.... 3, 641 1
Receipts of Produce.
¦ Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered.- 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry ' Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mas
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. -5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doml
nos, half -barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
TURPENTINE— 65c per (rallon In cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes; per lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
Wic; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18^c; Astral, 18V4c:
Star, 18%c; Extra Star, 22>4c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; In cases,' 21c; Benzine,/ in bulk, 14;;
in cases. 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk,' 20c;
OiL8— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. I,
75c; pure, »1 SO; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
75c;- raw. 73c; cases, cc more; Lard Oil. extra
winter etrained. barrels. SOc; cases. S5c: C^ilr.a
Nut. 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.bar
rels, 65o; cases, , 70c;- Sperm, pure, 1 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
O". in b"""" 1 *!!" 3i"c: cp"^s 140^. .
KICE— China. No. 2. $4@4 05: No. l.'J4 65@5:
extra, $5 20@5 50; Japanese, $4 7".@5 50;' Louisi
ana, |4©6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
; BAGS— Heavy rains In the southern ' half of
the. State Friday night have so Improved crop
prospects that , holders of grain bags have
again "advanced their prices.. San Quentin
Bags. $5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 7Hc: local
make, i»c -less 1 than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
30<g!34c;' Fleece Twine. 7;&©8c.
- «jOAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $8 50; Coos
Bay, $» 50; . Wallsend, J9; Co-operaUve Walla
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and *13 25 in
sacks: • Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke, 1 $15 per ton In bulk and
fl7 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
J8 45 per 2000 pounds and IS 50 per ton, accord
inc to brand. ' .
General Merchandise.
Packers have, reduced their bids for. . Hogs
to 6%c for the coming week. Whether they
will get '] any i at the: reduction /remains to bK
seen. . Arrivals are , ample, awing *to the in
flux of : dairy "Hogs. There Is nothing - new in
the other Meats. : - •.;¦¦-. ¦, ¦ ¦ '
" AVholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •"¦' J '.
¦:¦¦ BEEF— "iipl'&c for. Steers and 6@6%c per lb
forcows.*!- , /
VEAI>— LarKe. 7V4®8c; small, 8©9o per lb. ¦
MUTTON— Wethers, . 7@7Hc; Ewes, 6%@7c
per pound." ¦ < • ;
i LAMB— Spring, 8@9c per pound.
. PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and und«r, ' 614c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6^ic: 225 and over, 6%@6c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs. 7%@9 1 / 4c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
short Wool. S0®30o each;. medium. 60®75e; long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Hone Hides, salt, {2 SO for
large and *2@2 25 for "medium. *l@l 25 for small
and SOc r for ; Colts; Horse Hides. • dry, • $1 75 for
large, $1 25 « for medium, Jl for. smail and 50c
for Colts. ' Deerskins— Summer or red skin3. 35c:
fall or medium skins; 30c; winter or thin siclna,
20c. • Ck>atskto»— Prime Angoras. _75c; large and
•=mooth, BOc; medium, 35c. ..•»— ! «^i«M8WtS6
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; extra
fine, Be; No.' J. 3%®4c; grease, 2©2%c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb; ¦ Northern, free, 12@
13c* defective, 9@llc; Middle County, free. 10<jj>
112 ;¦ do, ' defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, ' free, 7 months, - 7®10o; do, ¦ de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
&16c ; do, medium and coarse, . 14® 15c j Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 3®llc;
Nevada, 10@12o. . • -
HOPS- 15@20c per lb.
London .' produced ' a ;. pail , of - lethargy ¦ in ,' the
wheat | market, u. There was . little { outside | trad
ing. , the f ew. transactions being confined } most
ly ¦ to i the professionals. July ,- wheat -¦- opened
unchanged - at . 72%(ffi73c, "', and ,. for ,..the ; first * half
hour y a'. "» rather S, firm ¦ tendency . prevailed ." ; t' A
disposition developed to even up' for over Sun
day and ; shorts -were buyers ; to a moderate ex
tent.'T- Under - this • influence < the > price ; rose ' to
73@73%c,\ ' but . under i profit-taking ; reacted to
72%c, ¦ closing a. shade higher at 73c. .' -•"
," Corn ' shared the ¦ dullness of • the wheat • mar
ket. The trading was on a limited scale with
no important; transactions. V July . corn « closed
iteady.Vic lower at 43%c.-.,' ¦ -;..«.
There was ' a' -moderate ' trade ; In oats, .- but
the market inclined .to . dullness. ' July • oats
Closed "steady and ;%c higher at 28%c. ¦/¦¦¦¦¦'}¦ :•
Provisions . were dull. ;,,' July pork , and ' lard
cloRed unchanged, "ribs a: shade lower. ¦ .
..." The . leading futures ranged as follows:
; -f HIDES AND ' SKINS— Culls •' and " brands sell
about l%o v under .* Quotations.' -~ Heavy Salted
Steers,^ 10c: medium,^ 8c; :":¦. light,': 8@8%c; Cow
Hides, 8%o for. heavy and 8J4c for light; Stags:
6%c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9®?Hc: Salted
Calf. 10c;- Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 3h&14c: Dry
•Kip • 16c: Dry . Calf. 1 16@17c; • Culls and Brands,
13©i4c ; Sheepskins, •', shearlings, lo@30o ¦ each ;
Hides, Tallow, ; Wool 'and Hops;
: f CURED MEATSf-Bacon. 12e per lb for, heavy,
12%@13c for light medium, 13%e for. light. '14Ho
for extra light and' 15Hc tor sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $13
per barrel; ¦ extra Me3S..J12 50;, Family. Jll 50;
prime . Mess ,- Pork, 1 . |15 ; extra clear, J23 ; ; Mess,
J19;. Smoked, Beef, 13%©14c per lb. . .;-, .;
'LARD— Tierces quoted at 69«c per lb for com
pound and 10®10%c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
10%®10%c;i 10-lb ' tins, 10|i@ll%c; -,5-lb; Una,
10%@llHc.-' -- - • • '
COTTOLENE— One- C half-barrel, f%c; three
half-barrels. 8?ic; one. tierce, 8%c; two, tierces,
8%c;' five, tierces, 8%cper lb.v .• : ..--...- v . •
The' old 'quotations rule, with a dull market.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llo for bright and 9®9Ho
for light amber; .water white extracted, E@5%c;
light. amber extracted," 4@4%c;. dark, 3Ho.
: BEESWAX— 25®28c uer.lb. : :}:t<:[]\
' -^ - 1 Provisions. ''' •
1 FRUITS — Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, -4@6c; sun-dried, Ii4©2c; Peaches.
3%@4c for standard, 4V?@5V6 for choice and 6®
J^c for fancy; Pears, 2(»7c; Plums, pitted, 8@
4c"; ¦ unpitted, , - l@l%c ; Nectarines, •. 4@4^c for
red and 4@5c for white. - - ' - . .'• ¦"-. . ¦ •
PRUNES- 4 sizes, 3c; 40-60s, 6Hc; 50-S0», 4%c;
60-70s,v : 3%c; "70-808, --3^0; i 80-90S, 2%c; . 90-lOOs,
ZWc^lOO-WOs.'lHci- •-;.;; •••-> > -- ¦¦¦•¦:. .
- , RAISINS— The - Raisin •; Growers',' Association
Kas established the. following prices: Bleached
Thompson's : fancy,- -12c per. lb; . choice, . lie;
standard,' 10c; prime," 9c ; - unbleached Thomp
son's,' 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy , k 10%c per lb;
choice, ;. 9VsC ; - * standard, ; 8%c ; prime, 8c ; ; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; •-. Seedless, BO-lb boxes,
6'/4c ; • 4-crown,' • 7c ; ; 3-crown, ¦ 6%c ; 2-crown, , 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crown,' >. 5c; - S-crown, % 5%c, and
(Fresno .prices), ... 6%c;
London Layers,, L 2-crown; ;J1 50 per box; 3
cro wn/ $1 60 ; : Fancy . Clusters, $2 ; Dehesa, $2 50 ;
Imperial, ¦ %3. a All . pricen f . . o. b. • at common
shipping; points- in California.. v- ¦*¦•¦¦-.;
NUTS— Walnuts, * No.~ 1 sof tshell. 10@llc; No.
2, 7V£@ScpNo.'l hardshell;, 10c; No. 2, ,6@7o;
¦Almonds, 13®14c for papershell,-10@llc for soft
shell >and B@5c for hardshell; Peanuts, ".. 5@6o
for ! Eastern ; j Brazil - Nuts, • ll@ll%c; -- " Filberts,
12©12Ue: Ferans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, J3 50ffl5. -
Stocks of old Honey have been well, cleaned
up bj» c recent free purchases, -and buyers are
slow ( about . taking hold ; of the new crop until
Its j size j is , more definitely determined. From
present indications' it will ,be. large. '" . ¦
.There. is nothing new > in fruits. .
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. ' Receipts
were 4S5 chest3 and 435 crates.. The latter sold
at 75c(&$l per crate.' ' ¦ , ¦ - , \: - '
LOGAN BERRIES— $7©10 per chest and 75c@
$1 per crate. • •' ¦ ' • ; • . ; - •
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 50 per
crate; from Sebastopol, 50c per drawer.
RASPBERRIES— $6@10 per chest; from New
castle, ¦ 75c@$l ¦• per crate. ¦ - -
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@30c per, drawer and 1%
@3c in bulk; English, per lb.
CURRANTS— $3©4 50 per chest.
¦CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 73c@$2 25;
Seedlings,-- 60c@Jl; Mediterranean Sweets,
75c@$l 50 50c@$l 25; Lemons. 75c
@$1 25 for. common ¦ and $1 50@2 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, ¦ 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50; • Bananas,' Jl 50@2 50 per bunch for
New ¦¦ Orleans -and ' $1@2 for Honolulu; S Pine
apples, ?2@4 per dozen. *
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Eastern, %\ 50@l 75 per box; local
new, 50@75c peri box and 50c per basket.
APRICOTS— 75ci@$l per crate and S0c®$l p«r
box for Pringles and 75c@$l 25 for Seedlings
and Royals. , '¦¦•. ¦¦•.-.. .
¦ ¦'¦ CHERRIES— Receipts were 2644 boxes, selling
at 20@40c per box for red. 40@75c for dark and
40@S5c for Royal Anne; ¦ In bulk, 4@6c j per lb
for black and 2®4c for red. i . ... '
. • CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per drawer and
$150 per large crate., ; ¦ • , :^
PEACHES— $l(f?l 50 per box. . '- ;
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
¦ The market Is sufficiently supplied , . with
Strawberries and Currants, but ¦ Raspberries
and Blackberries are. still in moderate receipt.
: Four. cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's 1 auction. The market for Oranges,'
Lemons and Limes continues well supplied and
weak. ¦'.'." ¦,."¦'
¦There is" little new to note In deciduous
fruits. There are plenty of Cherries on' the
market, but they are . bringing very \ fair
prices. The canners are paying 2c for Goose
berries,- and. the - usual demand for ... Royal
Anne Cherries for pickling . for Eastern ac
count has appeared; - • ' ! .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
'Stocks of Butter continue too heavy, and
now-, that the Northern orders are about closed
out_ dealers are - obliged to-do ] more or less
storing : and packing to keep, down the sur
plus. The market rules weak and depressed,
though there is no decline. - ' , ' .
. Cheese continues weak, with free supplies.
... The Egg market is still loaded with stock
and • prices j are . weak. 5 It takes a good Egs
to bring 16c, and then only in a small way.
Receipts were 68,700. pounds and 228 tubs of
Butter,. 1215 cases of -Eggs, — cases Eastern
Eggs, . 8400 pounds California" Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese..
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONa
BUTTER— Creamery, 17Vi@18c per lb for
ifancy, and 16>i@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%o
per lb. ¦-.-¦-:¦¦ . ¦•¦¦-¦- ¦¦ -. ¦" '
- CHEESE— New," ! 8@9c; old. nominal; Toung
Americas, 9(gl0c. ' -
.'EGGS— Ranch,". 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store. 12%(&13^ic per dozen.- • • :
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.-
BUTTER— ; •; . : , -:
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts. 16c; seconds,
. Dairy— Extras, 16c;. firsts, , 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. -.-;". ' '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c; choice,
7^c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9»>ic;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V4c per lb. ¦ '
;"¦ KGGS— - .
Callfornla\ftanch— Selected White, 14c; mixed
colors. • 13c" ft'er' dozen. - '- ; . / • '.¦¦"
.: California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; standard,
12c; seconds,, — -. ¦ .¦ ¦•• ¦ -¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
iTwo cars of Eastern Poultry will be offered
to-morrow. . The j market "yesterday was j dull
and nominal,' as usual on Saturday.";
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c Tor Gobblers
and 118£l2c for , Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 23®
1 50; . Goslings. $1 50@2: Ducks, $3 50@4 50 '¦ for
old and'$5@6 for young; Hens, $4@5; young
Roosters, • $6 50@7 50 ; I old Roosters, $4@4 50 ;
Fryers, '¦ $4 50@6;. Broilers, J3 50@4 for large
and ' $2@2 50 for small ; Pigeons. $1 25® 1 50 per
dozen lor old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. * -
.GAME— Hare, Jl@l 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.' •.
Poultry and Game.
*. POTATOES— Burbanks, 50c@Jl' for River and
$1 25@1 75 for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, *1 25@1 40;
Sweets, : 65@75c for Merced: New Potatoes, VA@
l%c 1 per lb in sacks and 75c@$l 23 In boxes. ;
¦ONIONS— Australians, Jobbing, at- J4@4 25;
New. Red, 45@75c per sack; New Yellow, $1®
1 25 per ctl. ' :r . .
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l per box;
Asparagus,- ft 75@2 for large, »1 25<jj>l 60 per
box for. No.. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
63c@$l -per sack; Garden Peas, l&@2c: String
Beans, < 4@6c wfor Vacaville - and 4@7c , for
River; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, Mex
ican, $1@1 25 per crate; from Los Angeles, 50c@
$1; Dried Peppersr- 12@lSc; Dry Okra, 15c per
lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, i —^-- per dozen; Winters, 50c per dozen;
Marysvllle Cucumbers, $1 50@2 per box; Garlic.
4c.for new; Green Peppers, 7@10c per lb; Egg
PJant, 12^@15o per lb; Green Corn, 25@40c per
dozen; Summer Squash, 75c@$l per box; Bay
do, J2@2 50. ; ...
: Potatoes' continue weak under larger arrivals.
Yesterday's receipts were 6423 " sacks,' including:
3641' from j Oreg-on. The latter will be put on
the market to-morrow. Sack ' Potatoes ; are
bringing more than those in boxes,, being better
for shipment. ' Onions are weak, but no lower.
; All . Vegetables . remain about the same, the
market being well supplied. - •':
¦:¦¦¦¦ Receipts were 1089 boxes Asparagus, 457 boxes
Rhubarb, 518 sacks -, Bay Peas and 191 sacks
String Beans. : . ;.-¦¦¦.- . '. ' .
'•.Aside -from" the Government demand for. White
Beans already mentioned there is nothing new.
Finks continue weak. . ' ' : - : ¦¦ - ,
. : BEANS— Bayos,, $2 45@2 GO; Small White, $4 80
&i;. Large- White, ; *4®4 20;:. Pink, »l <0@l 7o:
Ked. ?3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $S 25
U4 35; -Pea, "nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
• SEEDS— Brown ! Mustard, nominal ; jjj - Yellow
Mustard,' nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary,'; 3»A@
i%o-for Eastern; nominal; Rape, zQ
2>fec; Hemp, SV4c; Timothy, 6%c. - . <: .': ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50;. Green. $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye,* nominal. • ¦
Potatoes,- Onions and V Vegetables:
Beans .and Seeds.
J. Dealersj report 'a very, fair demand , for Hay,
with *a : steady/ market. 'There is nothing new
ln^ Feedstuff's. -.-•.<., :: : -.:,- :•' ";V:: ¦'¦¦'¦
'¦¦ 'BRAN— $17018 per ton. '.¦;', ¦ •
?'! MIDDLINGS— $17®19 50 per ton. r .
FEEDSTUFFS— Kolled (..-. Barley, $17018 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *25<g>26; Jobbing
*28 50; ¦¦•Cocoanut Cake,-; 117(8)18;.. Corn - Meal,
$27 60028; Cracked Corn, J2S 50@29 ; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. ¦¦¦ >:.?,' r: .'¦-' ->•¦•-¦¦ -.;-.¦¦ ¦. : ; ; ¦ -.?:". ¦¦¦¦*.:.;
'.•q HAT— New, : . $6 50@8; Old - is . quoted ¦>, as * fol
lows: -;- Volunteer, J5@8 ; ' Wheat," $11@13 ; Wheat
and Oat. $9<3>12 ; : Oat, $9@11 50 ; Clover, nominal ;
Alfalfa. ti<@9 50; Earley, ?7 50®9 50 per ton. .
¦ STRAW— 35@47 1 /4c per bale. -¦¦:¦ ;
Hay 'arid Feedstuff s.
Pearl -Barley, -.$5;; Split, Peas. - $5; Green Peas.
$6 50. cer.: 100, lb«. _.;....., .:.„ 1. ,...--, /. -
THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL^SUNDAY,^MA^^6, 1901?
I CHICAGO, ¦ May 25.— The absence ' ot , cables
owing to holiday observances In Liverpool and
31
Chicago Grain Market.
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATION'S
Eureka
Red Bluff
fc'Acramento
Ban Francisco
Kresnb
Independence
San LuiE Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.12
0.02
Trace
b.ii
0.22
Trace
0.22
0.08
47.12
24.59
19.77
20.97
11.27
5. S3
31.07
16.2$
11.41
|
' 48.77
22.91
20.24
13.42
10.27
3.63
17.20
7.91
5.S9
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATION'S
Eureka
Red Bluff
fc'Acramento
Ban Francisco
Kresnb
Independence
San LuiE Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.12
0.02
Trace
b.ii
0.22
Trace
0.22
0.08
47.12
24.59
19.77
20.97
11.27
5. S3
31.07
16.2$
11.41
|
' 48.77
22.91
20.24
13.42
10.27
3.63
17.20
7.91
5.S9
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
zfcS! 1 ' . , JfcS
Tuesday. May 28. at U O'clock.
- ' AT SVTITZEE'S SALES YARDS.
, . CORNER TWELFTH AND HARRISON
STREETS.
I will sell a complete contractor's outfit, con-
sisting of 20 head of DRAFT HOR3ES, 18 head
of Good Work Mules; also 11 head of Driving
Horses and a, lot, of Harness, and one carload
of well-bred unbroke Horses. Having finished
my contract, I will positively, sell this stock to
the highest bidder— H. ' B. Furlong, Contractor.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer. .
- . - ' Office 1140 Folsora Street.
AUCTION SALE
At ALAMEDA TRAINING TRACK. LAP-
MAN'S- STABLES, WEDNESDAY, May 29.
1901. at 11 a. m. Car lot of high class trot-
ting bred, younjc and sound horses, good slz«
and extra quality, consigned from R. W.
Scott, Bishop. Inyo County, , Cal. Some ex-
ceedingly promising race horses in lot. Th«y
win be sold without limit or reserve.
j THAT WILL PAY 33¥%|
'vtr--' • Anv one .desiring a safe . investment, which if
y ; -".brings appreciable returns will be interested in .500 Arj
b) shares of stock we have for sale in a. large manufactur- .{A
JB ing enterprise which is just beginning operations in 'gf
\T California. .The stock at present rates will pay 333 \jLJ
percent on .investments. Judicious investors should l\
W , call on us>nd take advantage cf this opportunity. *m
V WEST mVESTMENT CO., ,vi
i/ / PhelaniBuildinT. S. F. v^^tt?Fischer's Visited by Burglars.
Captain Seymour was notified yesterday
that some one had entered Fischer's Con
cert Hall during the night and forced
open a drawer with an ice pick, ¦ stealing
$110 from the drawer. Detectives Dinan
and Wren were detailed on the case and
soon came to the conclusion that some
person familiar with the interior of the
place was the thief. They have as yet ob
tained no clew to the culprit. '
Site for Heavy Artillery.
Lieutenant E. L. B. Davis of the Engi
neer Corps, U. S. A., paid to the clerk of
the United States Circuit Court yesterday
JC.162, the sum fixed by the court as the
value of forty-one acres of land belonging
to the Spring Valley Water Company and
recently condemned by . the Government
for army purposes. The tract fronts the
ocean beach a short distance south of
the old Ocean House Tavern. The Gov
ernment will proceed at once to erect for
tifications for heavy artillery on the tract.
ATVTATETTBS TO PRESENT
"MAKSH KING" OPERETTA
Benefit for Children's Hospital Is
Tendered by Young People of
Alaxneda.
Arrangements have been made for the
production of the operetta, "Marsh King,"
recently produced by children of Alameda
in the Macdonough Theater in Oakland.
Saturday, June 1, has been selected as the
date and the -Alhambra- Theater as the I
place. The proceeds will be given to the \
Children's Hospital. I
The business arrangements are in the I
hands of Mrs. C. L. Tllden and Mrs. P. t
S. TelLer. The ladies of the town on the i
other side of the bay are making every
endeavor to make the affair a success.
More than 100 children will participate.
Elves, fairies, sprites and hobgoblins will
be in the cast, in addition to the conspira
tors. A queen from Bay Farm Island will
also be brought along. The military band
of the Third Artillery. U. S. A., will ren
der the incidental music Tickets will
be on sale on and after Wednesday at
Sherman & Clay's.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee
Of the Boston Clothing Co., Is going, to be
the busiest man in town to-morrow.. Why?
Well, he will sell men's $12 suits for 53.50
a suit, also 250 all-wool suits worth $15 for
S3.&5 a suit. Worsted pants sold in this
city for 52.50 to $3.50 for $1.25. 1000 Fedora
hats worth $2.50 for only S5c each at the
clothing- assignee sale of the Boston, 773
Market St., near Fourtij. •
NATIVES WISH
TO CELEBRATE
Preliminary Steps for
Observing Admis
sion Day.
Local Parlors Invite Those
Across the Bay to
Assist.
There was a meeting last night In Na
tive Sons' Hall of representatives from
the local parlors assembled ln pursuance
of -a call issued by; California Parlor to
determine if the order should have a cele T
bration on September 9.- There were pres
ent representatives from seventeen of the
twenty-three parlors. James P. Dockery
was chosen temporary president and W.
J. Wynn temporary secretary.. ._.
Statements were made that as the
Grand Parlor at its last held session had
not selected a place to hold a celebration
this year Stanford. El | Dorado. Presidio
and National parlors had made arrange
ments to have individual celebrations, and
that the Past Presidents' Association in
tended to have a grand celebration on
that day. • . . • ¦ .
It was stated that there is no objection
to the Past Presidents' Association hold-
Ing a celebration, but that it is not the
Native Sons' organization, and that it is
the duty of the parlors to hold the cele
bration.
After an interchange of views it was
decided to have the local parlors have a
celebration collectively.
While this meeting was in session the
Past Presidents' Association held a meet
ing to take action in regard to the cele
bration. A committee from that body vis
ited the joint Ninth of September com
mittee and suggested that the latter body
abandon its contemplated demonstration
and allow the Past Presidents' Associa
tion to give Its. grand excursion, so as to.
raise funds to replete its treasury.
This proposition was not received with
much favor, on the- ground that the cele
bration should not be turned, into a
money-making scheme.
The Past Presidents' Association then
withdrew the proposition.
Homer A. Prindle of San Jose extended
an invitation to hold the annual celebra
tion in that city. . -
It was decided that the parlors of Ala
xneda and Marln counties each send repre
sentatives to the general committee to
take part in the permanent organization.
A motion to -defer permanent organiza
tion and the selection of the place for
celebrating was carried.
J. B. Keenan, W. N. Brunt and T. C.
Comny were appointed a committee to ob
tain rates of transportation, after which
the committee adjourned.
Peter Martin I* to wed Miss Lillie Oel
richs of New York. No announcement
has been made of the engagement and
the parents of the young lady are said to
persistently deny all rumors of a be
trothal, but,« nevertheless, Peter Martin
has won the heart and the promise of
the hand of Miss Oelrichs and their wed
ding will probably be one of the events
of the early fall season.
The friends of Peter Martin, while they
willingly admit that an engagment be
tween the young couple positively exists,
strenuously deny ' that there Is any rea
son why their betrothal • has not as yet
been made public It may be a romantic
idea, this desire to keep the betrothal a
secret, they argue, or else the happy
nance's love of fun and his wish to keep
his friends guessing. However, It will
not be many days before the young cou
ple will let the world into their sweet
secret.
Peter Martin, is expected home for the
wedding: of his brother Walter and Miss
Mary Scott, and everybody believes that
his engagement to Miss Oelrichs will be
announced before he leaves New York for
this city.
The young lady who will shortly become
Mrs. Peter Martin is the daughter of
Charles Oelrichs of New York and niece
of Herman Oelrichs. She is a beauty and
a belle and enjoys the esteem and affec
tion of all who are fortunate enousrh to
know her. Her marriage to Mr. Martin
will make her a welcome addition to local
society.
Peter Martin, the lucky man. Is the son
of Mrs. Eleanor Martin and the brother
of Downey, Harvey and Walter Martin.
He Is Independently rich and immensely
popular. . He is . a member of several of
the swell local clubs, of the San - Mateo
Hunt Club and the Burlingame Country
Club.
At present Mr. Martin Is in New York.
During- his stay ln the Empire City he
has been extensively entertained by Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Oelrichs, the parents
of his fiancee.
New York Belle Will Be His
Bride, Notwithstanding
Denials.
His Engagement to Miss
Oelrichs Is an Open
Secret.
PETER MARTIN
SOON TO MARRY
Near Burkville, III., less than twenty
-flve miles from St. Louis, Is a-, cavern
which, has been explored fourteen miles
in one direction and six - miles In the op
posite course. B9GB "'
said.V.Vconducted the sale, and, I under
stand Germalne : kept ?250 as commission
and gave Melsins only $750. Dalton knew
that ¦ I was to leave . for Cape : Nome to
morrow and he came to me and wanted
$100, which r refused -to give him. I sup
pose that is the reason he has had me ar
rested, as he knows -I -have money ' and
Melsing has none. I am satisfied the case
will be dismissed Monday, . but meantime
I lose my passage" by the steamer to Cape
Nome." . ¦.¦**¦.
: PENNBTLVAUIA " SYSTEM ; of Rail
ways. Ofllca— 30 Montg-omory street. •
Music - in the Park. .
The Park band will render the following- pro
gramme; this 'afternoon: • '¦'¦'¦ "; -'-I.''
Overture, "Frelichuti".,..; '..' ..Weber
Morceau, . "Aubade Prlntanlere',' ...Lacome
Scenes t rom. "Martha".. r. ..'............•".. Flotow
"La Marlposa" ¦ (characterlatlc);:. ....r.Dlas
Selection. "The Blnglnf ,Olrl"... ...... ..Herbert
"Egyptian ;nallet".. ;....'........ ...Luiglne
Duet for cornet and barytone..*....*. \
- Performed by W." Mahood and W. Colverd. ,
"Canzonetta EapaKnole" ...... ,.;.JB. A. > Bruflera
Overture. "Uer Tambour .' der ¦ Qard»".->..;.Tni
March.' ."The Roll; of Honor*' ........ H, Bowert
Merrily Going; on Is : the Great Fac
: tory Shoe' .Sale .....'
At 717 Market street, near Third. Ladies'
and . men's $5.00 shoes , are , sold for * $L65.
These shoes are. the very latest styles and
tho best material that ' was : ever put Into
shoes. As a special inducement there. will
be on sale- to-morrow "6000 pairs of- men's
and ... ladies' $3.50 shoes for $1.00 at pair.
There are all sizes ¦ in ¦ this particular, lot.'
You can have ' your - pick , for $1.00 " at the
factory- shoe^ sale of , the Bee Hive Shoe
Co., 717. Market St., near Third. ... V. V;
gramme was rendered. 0 President { John
Partridge made the Introductory remarks,
and there was a -song- by C. H. Van Or
den, remarks by James H., Barry, song
by W. E. Stevens and remarks by Cutler
Bonestell. -Miss : Mary -Murphy won the
applause of the gathering with her clever
and graceful danctngr of the hornpipe and
Highland fling. .. , » s ., . ;, •*
. During the day-there;, were^also '.races
and games, .in which all participated. , The
following; were in charge ' of the games:
John Partridge, -starter; George Alexan
der, George Graham and J. C. Zellerbach;
Judges; Bruce Brough, chairman racetrack
committee. •;
Con Peterson, :T.. P.". Robinson, A. Zel
lerbach, Julius Gabriel, C. H.- Van Orden,
Joseph M. Torres ' and " T. H. Doane, man
ager of Bonestell & Co.,' were active dur
ing the day, not only enjoying themselves
but seeing. -that, all .of "the - guests were
thoroughly entertained. ' ..: " ' ' -• >
. The last : boat "carrying the picnickers
left the grounds at 5:30 o'clock, and.lt was
the general expression of opinion that tHe
second, annual outing of the employing
printers was a success in every way. •
The employing printers of San Francisco
enjoyed t the • pleasures of a picnic .with
their employes at El j Campo yesterday.
Three" boats, , loaded to . the guards with
picnickers, landed at the pleasure ground*
during the day. .Though the weather was
chilly, the pleasure seekers dispelled- the
cold by keeping the fun going until late
in the afternoon. , T . .
r It was 'a 'family basket picnic, .and seat
ed around the delicacies that become more
delicious with a picnic appetite millionaire
employers dined with their, most, humbl*
employes. There was dancng all day, the
orchestra being exceptionally good. 1 Dur
ing an intermission the orchestra rendered
a feeling selection dedicated to Past Pres
ident George F. Neal, entitled "His Whis
kers Still Grew.'" Mr. .Neal gracefully ac
cepted the compliment thus tendered him
by the orchestra. ¦
One feature which the picnickers looked
forward to • was * denied a place, on * the
programme at the suggestion of the Cali
fornia and Northwestern Railroad Com
pany, which owns the grounds. A snake
charmer sought permission . to exhibit his
reptiles for .the edification of the printers;
The railroad people said'- there were
enough snakes ln the drinkables that find
their way to El Campo during: a season
without exposing the .young people, who
enjoy a tete-a-tete out In. the wooded hills
to the unwelcome , embrace of a snake
that' might .perchance* escape from the
charmer ¦ while some ¦ one was offering : a
toast to his genius and hypnotic eye. :
During .the. day a well .prepared' pro-
Picnic of Employers and
Employes Over at El
i Campo.
PRINTERS ENJOY
DAY OF OUTING
Alfred Dalton AllegesHe
i^V: Has ;Been Imposed ;
: ¦'*¦¦¦ '.¦-¦'-¦ r
A warrant was 'Issued, by. Judge* Fritz
yesterdaV .for. the arrest :. of, George D.
Bunker,; son Vof T . the well known , pork'
packer, California market, on. the charge
of :, obtainlpgj money \byj, false . pretenses.
The complaining witness Is Alfred Dalton,
a ' newspaper . man; ' formerly of! Benlda, ¦ '. , ';
-»" Dalton. alleges' 1 , that .'last year he met
Bunker, .who told .' him that he' and '; his
brother-in-law, -Gus \ Melslng, ' owned N a
claim In the Cape Nome" district. It was
No/ 11,' below,. Discovery/" or Busterl Creek.
: It had been located December 12, 1893, and
recorded ' July : 2G, 1899. ;' Bunker expressed
a C esire, to; sell "¦¦ .'the 'claim and Daltoh;of
fered himself as a purchaser. The amount
agreed I upon ', was JIOOO,' which . Dalton says
ho paid ln gold coin; to Bunker. on April 4,
last year, and received ln exchange a deed
to the claim signed by. Melsing.) 1 ' ' •¦¦
Dalton; went to Cape Nome to take pos
session • ofVthe i claim/but . to ; his surprise
discovered '.that; It . was ,* owned by .one
Frank Sutherland,. who had been ln actual
possession •*. of . It ¦ on and r subsequent to
April 4,"- 1900.' <."When he returned he -made
a. demand ¦ upon : Bunker for. the . return | of
the monoy. Bunker n« reed to 'refund the
coin,- but has not made his promise ' good.
Bunker was to ' at once for Cape
Nome,*-' and Dalton -. wanted .. him arrested
before he could* take his departure. <¦ !
Bunker Hurreniiored .himHelf to the po
lice yesterday afternoon and 1 was released
on bonds. He saTd he never had anything
to do with the claim, as it belonged en>
tirely to MeUlnsr.hls brother-in-law. "A
friend > of » Dalton • named Gcrmalne," ho
LOSES HIS GOLD
IN MINING DEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, isUNDATv Mj\Y 26, ji901.
32
* of Shorn. Prussia, aged , SI yean and •
months. h»^ i_
C7" Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. /W.i Martin & Co.. 119 OTarretl street.
Interment Salem Cemetery . by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SCHULD— In the City and County Hospital,
May 25, 1901. John Schuld. a native of Hoi-
• land, agred 66 years. '
SMITH— In this city. May 25. 1901. James R.
' Smith, beloved husband of Marraret Smith.
and father of John B., Robert M.. James L.
and Harry R. B. Smith and Mrs. W. W.
Coleman, Mrs. James M. Baxter and Mrs. C.
- W. Bourne, a native of Canada, axed (1
years 1 month and 25 days.
-. P 1 Funeral . to-morrow (Monday). at 1
To' clock, from the residence of Mrs. James M.
Baxter. 1221 Franklin street. Oakland. Iater-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
VAN PELT— In thla city. May 25. 1901. G«or-
gie H.. beloved wife of William B. Van Pelt.
and mother of Neumate, Vermont and Isella
Van Pelt, a native of Lowell. Mass, a»-ed 4J
. years and 18 days.
CyFuneral and Interment strictly private.
WATSON— In this city. May -M.' 1301. Janm,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Watson,
and beloved father of William T..; Joseph J..
George H.. Charles M., .Charlotte I*. Flor-
ence.- Lucille and the late Robert Watson, a
native of San Francisco, ' a*ad 82 years X
month and 8 days. A member of Burns
Lodre No. «8, A. O. U. W.
{CTFtlends and acquaintances arc reipect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrotr
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. M13 California street, thenc* to • Bt.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn rtqulatn
mass will be celebrated for the repos* of his
•3ul. 'commenclne at 10 o clock. Interm*at
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOUNO— In this city. May 25. .1901. Thomas J.
Young, a native of Ireland, aired T6 ywrv"^
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Cailagher.)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mfr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJCaBL
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln SchooU
Telephone South 80... ,
JAMBS.. McGINN, ,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors. at 2U Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 571
a—————— ¦— ¦ —^— i^—^M — —
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, 1
V and 2» rifth'tt. T«l. Booth 1W. '*|
¦ JWiBAL DlRXOTOai AM J KJCBAI.HIBS. I
Fin— t Equipment * at ' ModT«t< Rat—. I
DEATHS.
Continued From. Page Thirty.
. fully ' Invited to attend • the ' funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents' res-
idence, 1410 . Ninth street. Interment ¦¦ 8t -'
•Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
RANLETT— In Oakland, at ; E60 Fourteenth
. street.. May 25, 1901. Elizabeth- Warner ,Ran-
' , lett, : mother, of Arthur • Grover and ¦ Charles
Augustus Ranlett/ a ¦ native ' or Harvard.
Mass.,: aged E9 years 5 months and 25 days.
RICHTER-In this city. May 23, 1901. Peneloj*
' V. KJchter, dearly beloved wife of Adolnh
and mother of Flournoy Rlchter. and daugh-
ter of the < late . Rev. and . Mrs. Y/llltam H.
, Tubb, • and sinter, of George A. A., William
H. and - Flournoy Tubb and Mrs. .William
Jamiison, Mrs. John Laddlnh. Mrs. Cart Bte-
- phens and Mrs.". Herbert Roland, i a native of
i California, •¦ aeed ' 24 years 10 m«i tha and ' 4
iIimii i 'HI i tflBll^ilWiiWMWllMluUlliauiiijfcisJ
¦ a7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully • Invited . to attend the < funeral services
' this , day - (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, ¦ at tha
chapel of Cypress Lawn Cemetery. *J >• -
SCOVERN— Iij this city, 1 - May 24, 1901," Mary E.*,
- beloved - wife ¦ of V Stanley ' O.: BcoTern, and
mother of -Alma, Iris and Helen' Granvllle
Bcovern. and daughter of Mrs. Elinor* Done,
and sister of Ruse and 'Robert Bone and Mrs.
. Lawrence Cox, a native of Nova Scotia, aged .
35 yearn 8 months and. 13 days, t
ICTFrlends are renoectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral , to-morrow (Monday), at 1
O'clock, -from her late residence,- 1911 Golden
Onto avenue. Interment private, ln , Cypress
Lawn. Cemetery, . ...
8CHMH>T-In this city, . May 21,' 1901, Albert,
beloved husband of ¦ Babeta Schmidt, and
beloved son of Minna Schmidt, and father of
Fred. • Harry, • ¦ Annie and - - Charles 8ml t h.
and brother - of Mrs. ¦ Anna ¦ Harris, a natlv*
¦¦¦¦IMMBMHMiiHeBMMlMaiB
: : — ""- — ~ i , ,- r ~ . 1- • Hala*g. JaSKBIfc
'¦-¦¦¦ ; r/'.Hale'B.- .,.;-'¦ -'-^-,,-1 \.y :' : V; ;;-^-^j^?.-,:^ .^^V. \. >;-;,r ¦'-••¦;-:••.:::¦ •.¦¦gale'*;., •¦•¦•¦-¦¦-;.,., /•¦>. :•'' >H^ e * ¦'¦ "_' \ ' . ; . , .,,,.., -:r-- ••¦- - ¦ ¦¦ ¦- "~~
That Were I5c, 16% and 2Oc a Yard. jffl^Jff^^'^^ <^^^^P thln £ e f n % ffi^^ 8lZeS
A rich choosing of three narrowed lines, at [one bargain price. '-; 'mf ' : &£^&^-J^1~~a~'^^' and Mln>a ly Rtbbed Underwear 4Qc-0i heavy cotton. m J^ m t^ le^Z
Colors are light and medium, relieved by stripes and fi K ures- 7 oo r**t** r rf w»«s biues t?r!^I2rments are a little fleeced-sultable to *ear the year
| yards to tiegin - with-one price now, ia^c.- : .¦..¦¦-, . v Iri^^H Thnrfirtav- HecnPation nflv;i round ,. ' '¦ — . .. — TT
Ha New Shirt Waists Under^Prie^.
(W^p^V Just the waists you want for much less than you'd pay from regu- in the business. 'Only rare' market conditions develop such waist bargains A.
\§jP' V ¦ - ' lar stock. As a rule under fjrices' mean under making, under style or un- as these.' When you can sret such cloth, j such style and such care lor so m- \^^& i
MHHt' ! der quality. Not so here. THESE ARE AS PRETTY AND. STYLISH tie money it's well to lay in a supply. . And.we ve plenty Jot you all for a
.". . . t AS ANY YOU CAN FIND." . Not'an old-style or odd pattern or a bit of while yet Twen^^ ' /tfMTMk.
m^^^v - .. ; skimpy work about .them. They are made by the most coriscientions men | .-.;¦¦ . ' . . r/r^^.\\i ' ¦'
' llim- : "' 45c— 3 Styles 95c-6 Styles •-•,. $1.25— 3 Styles , fffMWi
lll\ll^WO» - Fancy strh>ed Wcalee and whit* lawn— mnfle ' • Madras and .whiter lawn .with new soft collars >., Striped and corded Madras, as well a» white Wf/J/AHnU
MWSSM ' In the P verS^ FatesHS if wfth^blThop se™7 Th and cuffs. The Madras are j In ¦ pink, blue, black ; . i a 5S. ? The striped ones have pleated front* new VffffA 1 1 jf
IWll^W whlS fonel trimmed Vlth two Trows o rembroid- ; and white.: The white ones .have four rows of .soft, collars and cuffs-choo^o from Ugrht and W bJPSJM
\\\V\MOT ery Insertion down the front-the colored are In lace insertion down the front-32 to 44. dark b i ues as well as ox blood-those of white iU^^^L
V^^^ pink, blue and lavender-every size, 32 to 44. $1.45~5 Styles ' . " n ™° <53%ZZffih>
» . . ' *7^r A S-fvl/ac • "Waists of fine white and colored lawn— the col- ¦¦ ¦ _, .
/OSS^«S^ "¦-¦-¦- * Ol " ol J" ct > •' ored ones have openwork stripes In hemstitched ' SI. 75 — A StvIeS ' %%*'///
Percale waists in stripes that run up and down effects— colors are blue, pink and helio — the white " . ... . Vfty I///
x5^8 —collars are the new turn-down ones; sleeves ones have four rows of embroidery down the "Waists of fine stnpea Aiaaras ana sua ana ,%i
\ bishop; colors light and. dark blues and pink- . , front, with rows of tucks between; new soft col- linen— French^ backs; new soft collars, winop
fine stylish waists they are— sizes for every one. • -¦'¦ lars and cuffs are hemstitched. t . . J j - . aleeves; stylish, fashionable waists— sizes 32 to 44.
Important . * " ' /^^* "' 1- ' ' J T^ _I?j{? J^ Jl C^ • \ si ¦'' * - * *m : Jifora
Handkerchief 75C Colored raff eta 5ilk5 44c. p re tty
Values for Women and Children. Haven't every shade. But what difference does that make, if you can get what you wantP. These colors v < l\Jiir r I^'VX7saai -
Another. big New York handker- are here: ' : . , ;-Kr^. l>wCK\yw«r«
chief maker sends us his broken - -^ ' r^SM ' -t >'*•' -t Priced in. the same common way.
%£&£zgJ£::s5L%' Reseda,^Pnrple, Mode, Green, B'own, Heliotrope, Gray and Lavender o,^
thei- stocks They always leftheir" V ' - - - ' * ¦ '•' V an(^ economy. - Our New York of-
best customers in on such eood More of some than others. Maybe the shade you want others may want, so it depends who comes fi^t who ..fi Ce . keeps- o§ in close touch with
things.- g ets ;it ! [Altogether there's a .trifle over athousandyards.lt ought to sell^in a ,JifFy at this- about half-price— 44c.- neckwear makers. Express trains
Thus These Hal? Prices. 26-ihch Taffeta Silks 75c. ' I I :--i«A.^ C+5-#.;«Vv CiifawG. I things here almost as iooau
V- ir% :' :(,, ,: Black— has a beautiful soft finish: best dye; a good depend- L-*l 11 1 Il^S ==^ II III llji V/Iltrs ,' they are shown in the East. -
5— > For.IOC .1 able "weave: an unusual valuekt 75c.; : f .Our lining section is one of the"- busiest parts of the What's newest and daintiest and
W Handkerchiefs. ' • > : *»,.>>. »i »'(-'- ' store. We make business by maklngr prices. . These are in TOfjue is sure to be here.
t a, ' >,'¦¦ '£''&£?* t^'A Wash SllkS 45C. :mM the attractions this week: ; _ - >¦•¦. . , Four good values are:
ke^hlefs wi?h fancy la^comers^nd ' Best grades in heavy cords, stripes, checks and plaids. Spe- 36-inch Silk-Finished Taffeta IOC. Stock and Jabot ~T5c-Of liberty
open work borders— linen vflnish hand - clal *y adapted for fancy wash shirt waists, 19 inches wide. Blacks, grrays, browns and tans. silk, finished with .fin© narrow silk
embroidered initial handkerchiefs and • ¦ «r. r ¦-,,.,, :: O^r 5!!v*»b «hppn I Jninrtc 10 r Juby trtonangr -In pink, blue, cardl-
plain ail linen hemstitched ones. . Corded Silks 75c. . ZOC Oliver Oneeii JLlninQS I-61C. . nal, lavender, - heliotrope, cream,
„ ¦ ¦-¦ VV UwU <' II1 \ C) , t , .. , ¦¦- Fancy colors— yard wide— especially adapted for light- . white and black.
iTV ' For 20C They are very popular now. for fancy waists, for they give weight fabrics— half srice this week. . - ; T-v ota 4T«^-"Without stock* ta **m
9C H»nHl^rhJ^ C 3u«t . as pretty effects as tucks do for much less money.and |() f; n o V Crinoline 4c - *¦ samedlorln^al aboveT 1 "" * tta
CfVa9 nanaKerCnie S. . without the loss of a minutes time. , a ,, y » °} % ,* * li : * IOOO Ton Collflr« 7o-Mad« at <!«•
¦ ..,-,. ¦ J , .;'¦ — ¦ ; - - . Checks and plain grays. A good every-day 10c fabric— lUWl op \j ou ars 7C— aiaaa or One
Ladies'- Swiss handkerchiefs, with an rir\ r?i «««i CZUii'^i'rrz£& now 4c lawn and finished with open work
scalloped embroidered "\ borders, hem-, ' ' {pI.UU Hannel OlIKS-.tOC. . :-^A .„ __ . _ . embroidery- edging-— others flnlahad
S^'Sl^^rtUiT^rlfs?""- [ g.S^rPSS"''''''' the fancy e.lor.. nabl aol t . T &&i t Sfi&&l8&?gft£
' ' * " d £ ill/ L 'Jt ' M/f A' * 9 9 ' "* 4
/^*~^ s \'^" §aL J\i* Uk \\. anc * I JO P u ' ar thz country over — .35 of *"
l&B \L-^(0W \$^r~Tr^\ them in these' 4 sizes: A lT#«ao4- I +T^r> Is* i^ *•-« T C/T.1/^
(H I^W \*Z/ JA *K ?1.50 for 2-quart size, worth ?2.10 /\ Vj FCclt WI OCKClV
xL_^S 40^^ ' ' • */. \ SvfriP/fi/* ' $1.75 for 3-quart size, worth S2.35 %/.
" y \ " % r ; .-^^ $2.25 for 4-quart size; worth $2.95 starts To-Moppow on the Third Floor. •
B r* '¦• •¦*» \- -r • '¦>* ;^ ¦¦ . $2.75 for 6-quart size, worth S3.45 c . -, , , ¦¦¦•-.. , . . . ... , .. . T * .
M AlA/DlP PrdiTAC sTkn I r»dry%snrsi^kjr4 Hr»-i-c? t -^. i. .;A ', . Stock men have been busy Jor days fixing goods and prices for this sale. TheyVe
LllWCr rri(Lt53 Oil 8n mill {30 llatS Icecream Dxshersaoc—heavytm overhauled the entire department-sifted out all the broken patterns and odd
c . , . , . . ,• i. , . '¦ . cone shaped dippers. for dishing ice- sets. They. marked about-
Style is as high as ever— very pronounced. . ; . cream— 3 sizes each -»oc in nAn n* x rv" wi r>t 11 «r n •
Truth is: The hats are even prettier than those earlier in the season. Our '€£3^— 7^ -.* IU,UUU riQt eS OT-Uinnef Wafe LlOSC tO HaiT PflCe.
trimmers have had time to work out and develop ideas' that at first were : , Prices to begin with were as fair as you could expect Yet stocks must
CrU Thcs^ hats are just from our.own workr6oms-as fresh and beautiful as JjL^Jh ' order^do^ 6 ' ° nCe |^ & *<** WCmCSt rCSOrt tO SCVCTC »««-^
int?haS. be ' WreclosinffOUtourworkroomm f ri^^ '>'i* %W§mMM r Cumaod Saucer 10c; Tureens 50c.
$3 9S for H«t<? worth JRS tn JR« h/ W'- Were $1.50 and Sl.SQ.a Doz.— Han- Were 70c and 95c— Soup or oyster tn-
«])O.i7O.10r naib, wunn «PO tO «poc I/A K ¥\ died; decorated In two designs: pretty reens; round shape; gt>ld trimmed- doo-
90 of them— tastefully and brightly trimmed. '. \ , '* ¦'¦' ¦ /&5> \\ » ' color effects; 1200 of them; until cold, 10c orated; bright and new but 39 for eell-
.85 formats, -worth $8 to $11. ' . if- I ' * Th,s e Pldtes 10c Facb ¦ '^vUttotlT^shes 40c
32 »' a.«»-««.«t •«-"«£»»•• '» ts. v^ note ori,^ - X Vl-~J\ Were Slflo aii l!.75 a tSZS.VJ,; Were l%t '&%*£%£, *.£
•20 Chiffon Hats at &fi •' - ' ' - - /W WJr///sZ\ \\ 9 and 10 Inch ones; neatly decorated: shapes; pretty decorations; larse tlaea
t^ • 4. ? a ~ , a 7 lif ¦ *¦ u ?* V . ¦ - / y/f//f///M X some of them are ff° ld trimmed: 1M4 of (no small ones); 74 to «;o at this prieV-
Dainty tucked affairs made from the very best quality of chiffon and in the very / YM/////AM )\\ them bunched at one insignificant price 40c P C
latest designs— elegantly gotten up. ' -.••." ¦ , - •• " > *.,-f. / /( 111/ fj^f™ • \\ —10c
: '.-., : . ;- .. 77 IwS! Veaetable Dishes 25c Bowls 25c.
¦¦¦¦-•¦ ¦¦-¦,¦:'¦ '--'V : :¦ .-¦¦¦.1 ;• : -V':. -^iMM^ Were^a^^c^^
IVT^.' 4~* ' ' -~:LL-- IT* J- - 1' ' Wb X$SS$$£s%& V sizes; 'open, fancy patterns; nicely dec- "|*r ««• »i »i wem-ao.
New Corset Styles . J/f^^WsB^. ¦'^*s^?&T. tr TT.™ i
A f N/»u; Dni r>/»c* - •' JL~^^-~£-?jjlc~,rf B1^3 \ st^* TeaPots35c than 900 of them; 60c do«.
At New. Prices. ; : w«re>c-12n&£5?: c^tflr ««».;.¦¦' Eowis lOc.
The corset^department has one of the coziest -nooks in . the store-on the ! MP^^k''^*Wf<4i : ' %££$? 3&T- scant dozen wlu g0 In a Were 15c-Decorated; usual itaes; T<K»-
second floor. Quite handy are the private fitting rooms «with expert corset fit- W"';^^!*^..!.'..*^''^ - d ' ! '' "ni u' 'tc en and no more; 10c each,
ters in attendance. " " '. . __^ ' Butter DISQCS 35c . . Milk Jugs I5c
New French ModeV Straight- Front Corset, $1.00. Slimmer TleipS. s SKbShl : Were 30c-» »Jze S ; hold from hail pint
Made of imported sateen, with bias gores, low bust/11 inches long in front long For fh » L"Wn ' ' ds: bOUt J d0Zen: and n0 tO * QUai>t " ' - - v '
overthehips, 4-hook clasp, top trimmed with la»ce and. baby ribbon; gives the much T.I w ' tw „,* .^ .more When they are gone.- . Oat Meals 5c Each
desired straight front effect; comes in black or^ drab; ntted and g uar?nteed-a0O. . ?« e^rlve^one^is I ; Cake Iates:20c %*%: Were Dbz!^of»e f^^ p^tti.
t,' Celebrated Redjerh Corset, $3.00. 3 .%?££**$$$>.; WCr6 35c-De C oratedln new designs. est kind of spray decoraUona,
Bias gored, straight front, made of the best quality of im- 12-inch blades,^83.25 > 'CnlA-- 'A^ A*«4- 'f* * 4 +•£>. r+ -*\".
ported Italian cloth, boned throughout with genuine whale- Garden Hose. So. Good quality, too. 3 C 111 /\ ¦ I LI O *\ IC !S -
¦ " bones, extra low .bust, 11-inch front steel, long over hips top *t has a flve-ply cotton wrapping, - * * mm- t»> . _ •>* *»*. m.
trimmed with broad silk -lace, baby ribbon and rosette; a .'and sure to give long and satisfac- rp^. j__ o _ v ' _ +T , - .^, ¦ fl xl^ , ' _,. ., ; '
•corset suited to most any figure ;. Dlack only-$3.00. ; -» ' • tory service. Cut in any length. --. jJ^^f L fum^er L« M Of firft fm^rt™ '' ¦ ~ Ji&z&!8&m '
o i .. » '•¦¦-; ". • - ¦ ' . ¦ ' ' ' H i? s i e Reels, 5)Sc A handy^ garden are these offers— the result of a recent ' A^>P?^*?to5«1/
Snhlfn Perfert For»m »nr1 fnncpf fnm- heln - lou know you should never . . b>^t'J^&rbt/j5rL^
odium r-eneci rorm ana corset com- leave water ln your hose -roii it on T-^/l^ P«-^I,«^« *t i-a C«««-«« t&ti&t&ffltfffMk
bined, $1.50. a reei , t I Taoe i urcliase of Art squares. M^^MWm
v Cultivates naturally the strni^ht front effect and gives an £ ' r , ° ' °' *'" Th ' ' • HEAVY "COTTON" INGRAIN ART SQUARES ' In £*£&**£&?!$ y£$*in
I erect ligure. The Sahlin has no hooks, clasps, laces or heavy Bakiner Ovens. 7!)c- For pras or oil pretty new designs with antique borders and large r'^^^iJtfi fa i> frl
steels. CoTnes ln extra quality white netting or coutll, stoves. The oven measures 11% fleur de lls center pieces (as shown in cut) three ¦rr^ 0^4J^-^Mli\tim' l J
trimmpd with lace, and has an extra hose supporter attach- inches either way and is a good size colorings— green, blue and red. the pattems being /&W s^rV^ 5 /?f:Jj> MfiM
I rnent-U.50. . ¦; ; _, ,,. ,.. . in with harmonious colorings, r O ur sizes and -^^^Wfif
§ Kabo Bust Per?eCtor, $1.00. . ¦ ofs^ves. SI. OO. Thoroughly well ?2.95; 7x^x9 feet. ?4.10; 9x10^ feet.
% Made of corset jean, also fancv netting. Is designed to made and [tested: .Every onS : is war- ?3.50; 9x9 feet. $4.75; 9x12 feet. *5*F^V^^£l&J^H
r rL^Inr Witn a f 0 ™? 1 - h }*i ca " < , be . Orn without. Will give ranted to operate perfectly and give This appeals to out-of-town people as well as oity
«r e c£n£« er ti a n? atural and beautlful fi Sure; adjustable should- complete satisfaction. AVe have them folks, for we reserve quite a number of them for
¦ er straps— ?i.w. . ' . • • a s low as 45c. ' out-of-town orders.
| Market 5treetrNearSxlh t OppGojden Gate Avenue. |
Friedman's Furniture g
There's Nothing Lacking in s \yie or quality I
in our Buffets. This one has conveniences making I
it as acceptable for the home as the bachelor's i
hall — the gracefully rounded corners open as doors 1
to roomy receptacles. , Carved golden; oak, highly 1
finished. French plate mirror 12x38 in. $35 §
I /JPf^TSa Reed Rocker— -2.75. §
* finfe frS- ' I K^^ll No Rocker, so inviting to tired M
@ - =g gs gS= Sr a;^^»g>aj4^. '-J^l> ' bodies as Reed Rockers, especially m
- n^. I fl /£. *l in warm weather, in room or on i
\sJJs^T |^L-N.y/*L ¦•Jl)Q . verandah — This one *nd floor 2.75 g
White Metal Beds — $1.75 W^^^S% I
If you were to pay S20 for a metal bed 3^^^^^^ 1
I $18.75 would be for appearance sake. This K S^nm2 N$V~~qi jf ' I
one at $1.75 wcfuld last as long and you'ld |f _ ' JjHl^ V jffi H
\ sleep as comfortably In it. Double, X & 1
•• H sizes, same price 4th Fi*br $1.75. -£%*!?*> !f*!&^^ i
Wilt fill Of Ori «rt al mosaic or jewelled and medallion floral i
UlllUll patterns. Persian blue, bronze and other grounds. I
_ . Very desirable for piano or drawing, room rue. A I
DdQfrCStcin TUg thSt Wi " • 3St a Hfe " tfme - .- F rin««» ends. |
I y - 36x63 in. worth $9.o s o now 6.50 1
RUQS 36x72 in. worth 1 0.00 now 7.50. I
v "The Credit House." Six Storiei High." 1